"The If ORTH STAR is peklistied eveTjr
 Thoredaf. at No. 25. Baffalo Street,
 Opposite tke Arcade.)
FREDERICK. DOUGLASS, Editor.
 TERMS.
 Tvro dolbra per imiid, alway* in ad water. No
 Subscription will be received for leu* term ilihm
 •i* month*.
 Adrartifflißente not emcenitn' ten hues ihmi ted
 three time* for one (iollnr; every -*ib*e&lt;j«tniil inser
 tion, twentv-fi\	 cents.
The object of the Nor i it Star will be to abolish
 SLAVERY in all its forms and nupeflU; advoeute
 Universal EaticiriTioit; exalt tin* tuaujaid
 of public morality, promote the moral and intellee
 t uni improve me ,ii ul the COLORED People; and
 hasten the day of FREEDOM to the Three
 Mil lions of our enslaved fellow countrymen.
PUBLISHER’S NOTICES,
 cy* All communication? relating to tlte business
 natters of the paper, names of subscribers, remit
 tance*, Sir., should be addreseed to Frederick
 Douglas*, Editor, Rochester. N. Y.
 Agents, and alt others sending names, are
 requested to be accurate, and to give tbe Post office,
 ttie Count u, and the State. Each Subscriber is im
 mediately credited for money received.
 QrT- Any person sending in payment for four sub
 si fibers, to be forwarded to one address, may
 have a fifth copy for one year.
 ■JO All letters and communication? must be poet
 paid.
LIST OF AGENTS.
 MASSAOHUSETTS.-p-It.V Wnttcot, 2*. Cax nhiU,
 Boston: Nathan Johnson, New Bedford; Horatio
 W*. Foster, Lowell; James N.„ Buffum, Lynn;
 Bourne Sptnmer, Plymouth Cyrus Bradbury,
 Northampton.
 Conscctico r.—Jaliez Cogswell, Brookfield.
 New York.—Sydney H. Gay, 142, Nassau
 Street; William Hunted, Anti-Slavery Office, 61,
 John Street; John J. Zuille, 49, Watts Street;
 Joseph Post, Westbury, llueen County; Mary
 Harper, Albany, F.lias Doty, Macedon; Wil
 letts Keese, Teru, Clinton County; J. F. Platt,
 Penn Van; J. Jeffrey, Geneva; E. L. Platt, Bath.
 Rhode Islan d. —Amarjiacy Faine,Providence.
 Pkrnsvlvania. J. M. M’Kim, 31, North
 Fifth Street, Philadelphia; Joseph C. Bustill, 149,
 So. SiNth Street, Do.; B. Bown.Pitubnrgh; Wm.
 ‘.Vhipper, Columbia; Milo A. Townsend, New
 bnghton.
 Ohio- —I. J- Gaines, Cincinnati Chares
 Hu.l, Harveysburgh,Clinton Co; Samuel Brookle,
 Sr.le.u D. Huntingdon, Chardon, Geauga Co.;
 «ugli Hamilton, Loweliville, Mahoning County;
 D. Patterson, Uri.ana, .'liampaign county.
 Michigan.— Robert Banks, Detroit.
 W Illinois. Herity O. Waggoner, Chicago;
 Utarsb.ill Hayward, Richmond, M’Henry Co.
 lowa. Alexander Clark, Muscatine.
 Canada.— John James Carey, Toronto.
WILLIAM B. CLOI’OH, PRINTER.
 mKgft ffM t i 0
 jJBr Fro:n the Louisville Examiner.
 THE SLAVERY AGITjAn,
 country has been aax
 toward tlte seat of
 six months. The agitation
 mrmtion to slavery has, during that
 Bk pHfcjtL been painfully felt in every sec-
 Kjc ftan BBhe Republic. That agitation
 Hfs given rise to many apprehensions
 and fears, and so much denunciation,
 that every one must have felt much so
 licitude as to its termination. The
 perseverance of the men of one portion
 of the Confederacy, in urging the ap
 plication of the Jefferson Proviso to
 bills relating to the territories ac
 from Mexico, and the threats of
 M from the opposite portion of
 ucv in the event of the
 ■Ltiiat IV-via., se*■ 111•:ii at
 th&lt;- Union in
 j,. B 1
 pi
 -pi
 t it- prospect ol a
 w rutnl'ul thundeis, is
 fearful than it was at the be-
 HEfig of the present session of Con
 At the beginning ol the session, it
 was assumed that the adjustment of
 the great difficulty was impracticable,
 and a dissolution of our happy confed
 eracy was predicted with the most un
 doubting confidence. It has since been
 discovered that there is no necessity
 compelling a dissolution of the Union,
 and men have looked forward wilh
 much hope to several different proposi
 tions, for the pacific settlement of the
 momentous question w hich has rocked
 the country to its very centre.
 The contagion of fear and of dis
 union seized on the Legislatures of
 several States, and they proceeded to
 declare their grievances intolerable,
 and their unchangeable determination
 to encounter all the perils of disunion,
 unless tbe people of the Northern
 States should speedily withdraw their
 countenance from those men who seem
 ed bent on pushing matters to a crisis.
 The Legislatures of Mississippi, Ala
 bama, South Carolina, Georgia, and
 Virginia, resolved that dissolution was
 necessary, unless the men of the North
 should cease from troubling them and
 their darling “institution.” The heav
 ens grew black and angry with clouds,
 and the weather-wise prophesied a pro
 digious tempest. But the tempest has
 not yet reached us, and there is now
 but little expectation that its des dating
 energies will be down upon us.
 The reaction in ihe Southern States
 has been most marked. Four months
 ago the project of a Southern Conven
 tion at Nashville seemed to be emi
 nently agreeable to the people generally
 in the South. As the period desig
 nated for the meeting of the delegates
 4om the Southern States approaches,
 ie project of a Convention is less and
 less favored. Indeed, into such disre
 pute has Ihe project fallen, that it is
 seriously questioned whether a South
 ern Convention will be held. It has
 been very generally abandoned by all
 those who have hearts sufficiently
 large to love the whole Union; and il
 any meeting take place, it is pretty cer
 tain that it will be composed of disaf
 fected persons only, of men who are
 weary of the Confederacy as it is—ol
 men who are anxious for a breaking
 asunder of the bands of our National
 Union. At any rate, whether the. Con
 vention shall be attended by a few per
 sons or by many, its power to do evil
 will not be alarming, for the people in
 all the States, with the exception o
 those residing in Mississippi and South
 Carolina, are hostile to the meeting,
 and will indignantly reject any scheme
 that may be nurtured in it and pro
 posed for tbeir adoption.
 The advocates of the Nashville Con
 vention, who were in favor of pushing
 matters to the verge of disunion, hav&lt;
 been taught that the people dearlj
 love the Union, and will ding to it.—
 The manses will suffer many griev
 ances before they will seek relief ii
 disunion. Oa||nghly esteemed ant
 patriotic Gevetror Chittenden nevei
 uttered a truer sentiment than when ht
 declared that disunion odd never hi
VOL. 111. NO. 27.
admitted to be a remedy for any politi
 cal evils, but that, on the contrary, it
 would certainly be in itself the consum
 mation of all evils. Our great and in
 fluential statesman, Henry Clay, too,
 is right, we think, in supposing that
 disunion would of necessity b*3 fol
 lowed by civil wars, long fad wasteful.
 Ha who would prefer aivil wars, With
 their endless and black catalogues of
 crimes, to tbe continuance of even so
 dread a scourge as African Slavery,
 cannot be considered either as a pru
 dent or a wise counsellor. Slavery
 should not be abolished by the sword,
 even if it were practicable to abolish it
 in that way. The only kind of eman
 cipation which is truly desirable, is
 that which may be brought about by
 the will of the people among whom the
 institution exists. That there are some
 men whose hatred of slavery has be
 come so intense, and so insane, as to
 induce them to desire disunion, and the
 civil wars that would follow disunion,
 as means for the abolition of slavery,
 is a melancholy truth. Such men have
 permitted their zeal to destroy their
 judgment. To prostrate one evil, they
 would inflict a hundred evils on the
 country, or rather, in a blind fury
 HUgst one great evil, which is not
 by force of arms, they would
 scourges on the country to an
 unendurable height. We have no af
 fection, although much pity, for those
 then of blood who would unsheathe the
 sword against slaveholders. The abo
 lition of slavery is not desirable on
 such terms; for the slaves, if emanci
 pated against the will of the people
 generally,would not occupy a more ad
 vantageous position than they now do.
 We most ardently desire emancipation,
 but only on the condition that, when it
 does occur, it shall be unaccompanied
 with evils worse than slavery itself.—
 When the people concur generally in
 the wish to have the slaves liberated,
 then, and then only, will the proper
 steps be taken to secure to the emanci
 pated the blessings of liberty. We
 have no very exalted appreciation of
 that species of liberty which is merely
 nominal, while thorough, genuine, soul
 invigorating freedom commands our
 highest reverence.
 But to return. We are extremely
 glad that the people of the South have
 rejected the project of disappointed
 ambition, who have sought to seduce
 theisfJftMißgteir fidoiity-tu Union.—
 The common glory of the irehion, and
 which is of far greater moment, ihe
 common welfare of the people of all
 sections, require that the Union of
 these States shall be preserved. There
 is not an interest of any kind—com
 mercial, agricultural, social, moral,
 mental, or religious—that would not
 be injuriously affected by disunion.—
 Thus believing, the rejection of the
 project of a Sothern Convention by an
 overwhelming majority of the people,
 has filled our hearts with unspeakable
 joy. We have everything to hope for
 in union—everything to fear in dis
 union.
 The question which all men are nowi
 anxious to have answered, relates to;
 the probability of the adoption of Mr.
 Clay’s compromise measures. In the
 present condition of things, that is pre
 cisely the question which it is impossi
 ble to answer. If Mr. Clay’s plan is
 adopted, what will be its effect on the
 slavery institution?
 That plan proposes the admission of
 California, with its anti-slavery Consti
 tution, the framing of territorial gov
 ernments for Utah and New Mexico,
 in which no reference is to be made to
 slavery, leaving the question of its in
 troduction or exclusion to .the people
 when they shall come to form State
 governments, the quieting of the claim
 of Texas to any portion of New Mex
 ico, the abolition of the slave traffic in j
 the District of Columbia, and the pas
 sage of a bill the more effectually to
 guard the claim of the slaveholder to
 his fugitive slave. Would slavery be
 established in Utah and New Mexico if
 the compromise were adopted? We*
 agree with Mr. Clay in the opinion that
 it cannot be established in either of
 those territories. There are already
 nearly enough people in New Mexico
 to warrant them to call a convention to
 frame a State Constitution, and they
 I are known to be opposed to the intro
 duction of slavery. The immigration
 of slaveholders into that territory must
 be far larger than any one believes it
 could be, under any circumstances, to
 insure the adoption of slavery there.—
 So also the present population of Utah
 is hostile to the introduction of slavery,
 and there are no inducements offered
 there to tempt slaveholders thither.—
 i Whenever conventions are called to
 frame State Constitutions in Utah and
 New Mexico, we feel very certain that
 slavery will be excluded from these
 territories.
 If Mr. Clay’s plan is rejected, we
 think the plan proposed by tbe Presi
 dent will be adopted. That plan pro
 poses the admission of California with
 her present boundaries and constitu
 tion, leaving Utah and New Mexico to
 come into the Union whenever their
 people desire to come in, with or with
 out the incumbrance of tlavery. If
 the President’s plan is adopted, we
 feel very confident that the institution
 of slavery will never be permitted to
 infest and destroy the best interests of
 the people who reside, or who may
 hereafter reside in any portion of the
 territories acquired by treaty from
 Mexico.
 Whatever may be adopted, we ear
 nestly hope that the egrae of slavery
 shall not be extended beyond its pres
 ent limits. If national legislation is
 necessary to restrict the curse within
RIGHT IS OF HO SEX; TRUTH IS OF NO COLOR;
the limits it now blights, we hope such
 legislation may be had.
 There is another subject to which
 we wish to call the attention of our
 friends, aud that is the enterprise of
 the slavery men in relation to the es
 tablishment of a slavery organ in the
 city pf Washington.
 Year alter year, live slavery men
 persisting in declaring that they would
 not discuss the merits of the peculiar
 institution in Congress. They assu
 med that Congress had no business
 under the constitution to say one word
 on the subject of slavery; and they
 tried to frown down all efforts to in
 duce Congress to talk of a subject over
 which it could not exert any practical
 influence. They felt a lofty scorn for
 all tflpse zealous men who persisted in
 looking into the subject of slavery, and
 treated their arguments with thorough
 contempt. Gradually, however, in
 the flight of years, they, relaxed the
 iron rigor they had prescribed, and
 condescended to vindicate the institu
 tions of the South. The ice once bro
 ken, a perfect inundation of pro-sla
 very eloquence has taken place. De
 clamation has become fiery, and logic
 has grown pathetic in portraying the
 beauties and benefits and glories of the
 patriarchal system as it exists in the
 Southern States. And now, to crown
 the matter, a newspaper is to be estab
 lished for the very object of promulga
 ting slavery logic! Is there no pro
 gress here?
 Sixty-three Senators and Represen
 tatives from the slßveholding States,
 have signed an address setting forth
 the necessity of a slavery organ in
 Washington; and the necessary steps
 have, we suppose, been taken to get
 the project into operation. Henceforth,
 then, be it remembered, that anti-sla
 very logic is not contraband, and dis
 cussion of the merits of slavery in sanc
 tioned by the leaders of the slavery
 men!
 We are pleased with the enterprise.
 If the slavery folk vindicate slavery,
 will they have the audacity to deny to
 those who righteously detest the sys
 tem, the right to express their opinions
 freely and fully? And if discussion
 become the order of the day in the
 slave States, how long will it be be
 fore the circumvallatiou which has
 been thrown up to guard the institution
 'will be cast down, and the light of
 truth and the voice of reform enter?
 El!wood Fisher is designated as the
 editor of Umb slavery organ. Such se
 lection please* us very much. We
 know Fisher thoroughly. He is a
 keen, shrewd, subtle, unscrupulous lo
 gician, who, in his extravagant pre
 sumption, is in the habit of advancing
 the most ultra and absurd propositions
 w ith a view of displaying his power in
 maintaining them Ifwe mi stake not,
 he will undertake to prove by far too
 much. He will certainly try to make
 it appear that there can be no earthly
 good independent of slavery. He
 will prove as far as he can that the
 cause of religion, virtue, and educa
 tion, require the presence of slavery,
 I and will fiercely sustain the proposi
 tion that no peqple can be prosperous
 unless they rely on negro labor. He
 will go so far that but few of the most
 adventurous slavery tnen will dare to
 follow him, and in disgusting the mod
 erate pro-slavery people, and in bring
 ing contempt on the system, he will
 do very essential service, very blindly,
 it is true, to the glorious cause of hu
 man freedom. We sincerely hope
 that the Southern organ may go into
 effect, and that Fisher may have con
 trol of it. In that event, the friends
 of freedom and humanity will have
 abundant cause for thankfulness.
EXTRACTS
 From three several letters, dated re
 spectively at Monrovia on the 22d of
 April:
 “We are certainly going ahead. The
 British traders, after much grumbling,
 have at length come to terms. This is
 owing te the ready achnowledgment by
 their Government of our claim's and
 rights. These traders are now per
 mitted only to trade at ports of entry.
 This greatly increases our revenue,
 and throws all the native commerce in
 to our hands. Times are pretty brisk
 here just uow, and all are elated.”
 “I am at last out of the wqpds, and
 am living in Kentucky, which begins
 at Brumley’s, and runs up to the large
 branch about two miles this side of
 Millsburg. It is now becoming a
 thriving settlement. I bought 190
 acres and drew ten, and am now living
 in my new brick house, 37 feet by 37,
 and two stories high. I have around
 tne, although I have been here but four
 months, a very fine sugar cane and
 ginger crop.”
 “I am doubly burdened with busi
 ness this year. In addition to my
 commercial engagements I am increas
 ing my agricultural operations, having
 moved upon my farm. I have also to
 lay out the new town (Fishtown) at
 the cove or point, before the rains set
 in too strong. I wish also to erect fif
 teen or twenty houses there for emi
 grants.”
Prying. —Don’t pry into the secret
 affairs of others, it is none of your
 business how your neighbor gets along
 and what his income or expectations
 may be, unless his arrangements af
 fect you. What right have you to say
 a word and protrude your advice? It
 is no mark of good advice, good breed
 ing, or good manners, to pry into the
 affairs of others. Remember this.—;
 fVtstrm Christian
ROCHESTER. N. Y., THURSDAY, JUNE 27. 1850.
From the Peace Advocate.
 FRANCE AND ENGLAND.
 National Dignity and Honor.
 All on a sudden a little cloud, which at
 first appeared no bigger than a man’s
 hand, has overspreSiJ the sky, and
 fitted the political atmosphere throogii,
 which we look towards oar souiewhaU
 restless and versatile, although as* we
 had hoped, very good and well-dis
 posed neighbors, the French. A de
 mand upon a petty state for some dis
 puted money payments, too long de
 ferred for the patience of the powerful
 creditor, which demand we are free to
 admit, might have been urged in some
 what too rude and imperious a fashion,
 has led to what seems a serious mis
 understanding between the govern
 ments of the two countries, whose be9t
 interests involved in the preservation
 of amicable relations with each other.
 We hope and believe, —notwithstand-
 ing the manifestations of applause with
 which the statement of the French
 Foreign Minister, of the recall of their
 Ambassador, was received by the
 Ministerial party in the Chamber of
 Deputies,—that before what we are
 now writing appears in print, this mat
 ter, so trifling in its origin, will be
 satisfactorily airanged. If, however,
 it should lead to a war between the
 two countries, future historians will
 have no difficulty in assigning the
 blame and the sin of so deplorable a
 calamity to the right persons. To s«y
 that it is in itself a sufficient casus belli
 is perfectly ridiculous. The amount
 of indemity which we have forced the
 Greek government to pay, is, it ap
 pears, considerably less than that
 named by the French arbitrators; but
 then we did not wait sufficiently long
 for the award to be given, and herein
 lies the blame and the offence; and it
 ought, as we think, to be at once ac
 knowledged by our Foreign Secreta
 ry, and the Cabinet which he repre
 sents, that we were wrong in acting
 thus prematurely; it was an act ol;
 great discourtesy, to say the least of
 it, having accepted the offered media
 tion—for offered we believe it was—of
 the government ofFrance, to proceed
 in so summary a way, and threaten
 the refractory Greeks with that heavy
 chastisement, the bombardment of their
 capital, if they did not at once comply
 with our demands. It was very pro
 voking, no doubt, to the Foreign Sec
 retary to harve Alrthis disputing abt®t
 the items of a long standing debt,
 which he believed himself perfectly
 justified in demanding—very prqvok
 ing and tantalizing, with a fleet in the
 Piraeus, a few broadsides from which
 would very quickly bring these trouble
 some Greeks to their senses, to be thus
 put off and played with, as it were. It
 scarcely comported with “national dig
 nity” to be placed in such a position,
 much less to remain long in it. But
 then, it may be inquired, how came we
 there at all? We had an uudoubted
 right to ask for a settlement of the ac
 count, nay, to demand that it should be
 paid without longer delay; but not to
 bully and bluster, because we were
 met by shifts and evasions, snd to draw
 the attention of all Europe upon us, by
 a mode of procudure so unworthy of a
 great and powerful nation. This mat
 ter should, in the first instance, have
 been referred to a third power for arbi
 tration, and there left; its immediate
 settlement was not of so great conse
 quence, as to call for the blockade of
 the Greek ports, the seizure of ship
 ping, the stoppage of commerce, much
 less the threat of bombardment, the
 carrying into effect of which would
 have inflicted mischief and
 misery upon the unoffending people,
 with whose government we were at
 issue, and very likely have involved us
 in a war with one or more of the great
 er European powers, who might have
 felt, or feigned themselves, aggrieved
 by such a proceeding: as it is, sufficient
 has arisen out of our impetuous and
 impolitic conduct to justify serious
 alarm for the peace of Europe. The
 French ministry and their supporters,
 are, or pretend to be, quite in a fer
 ment about the matter, and the great
 fear is that occasion may be taken to
 provoke a war with this country, m
 order td divert the attention of (he
 people at home, from their own un
 popular acts, and thus prevent, or at
 least postpone, the political explosion
 which seems imminent and inevitable.
 Then we have the Times talking
 loudly about Russia, and almost hound
 ing on that power to demand satisfac
 tion at the hands of our government,
 for the insult and injury inflicted on
 Greece, of which the mighty autocrat
 is to be considered, it seems, as some
 sort the ally and protector. Lord Pal
 merston, wj know, is no favorite with
 the Times, and we think that the tone
 assumed by this influential yet unprin
 cipled journal on the present occasion,
 may very fairly be attributed to the ill
 odour of tho Foreign Secretary’s name
 in printing-house square. We would
 not judge harshly, but this is the con
 slusion to which we are driven by the
 tenor of the remarks which have lately
 appeared in Ihe Times. We ourselves
 think, that on this, as on several former
 occasions, Lord Palmerston has shown,
 to say the least, great want of discre
 tion; able a diplomatist as he undoubt
 edly is, it cannot be denied that the
 Peace of Europe has been mere than
 once put by him into great jeopardy.
 Calm and indeed, should
 that roan be, who undertakes to regu
 late the foreign relations of a country,
 especially one like ours, upon which
 other governments have so much rea
 son to look with distrust and jealousy.
 Amid the tortuous ways which lead
GOD IS THE FATHER OF US ALL; AND ALL MEN ARE BRETHREN.
through the labyrinth of diplomacy, he
 must be a keen-sighted, a clear-head
 ed, we had almost said a passionless
 man, who can walk without arousing
 Rational jealousies, offending national
 Prejudices, and falling into the bottom
 less pits of old quarrels and hatreds, or
 entangled in the thorny thickets
 TO dp pressing interests and sinister de
 signs. WheVe shall we look for such
 a man r and what shall we say of the
 age, and of the state of political morali
 ty, which requires such lynx eyed vigi
 lance, and excessive cautiou, in those
 who undertake to manage the foreign
 policy of nations? Every now and then
 the people of this, or of that country,
 are informed that they are on the brink
 of a war with their neighbors across
 the river, or the mountains, or the sea,
 as the case may be, and thus rudely
 awakened from their pleasant dream
 of peace and security, they rub their
 eyes, and ask what it all means? and
 then comes out a long rigmarole about
 their Foreign Secretary, or their Am
 bassador, having made a mistake, or
 said or done something disrespectful
 to the representative of the nation
 against which war is to be declared,
 or which is about to declare war against
 them, and aheap of papers are "laid
 on the table,” of their legislative as
 sembly, which they cannot read, and
 if they could, would not be able to un
 derstand in the least. And when they
 ask, in all the innocence of simplicity,
 why the matter cannot be explained,
 and mutual apologies made, ana thus
 peaceably settled, they are met with
 the reply, "Oh! our National Dignity,
 our National Honor, must be support
 ed! We cannot explain, retract, or
 apologise; at least not until after we
 have expended blood and treasure in
 the quarrel, and done our neighbors
 —it may be our very good customers
 —all the mischief we can; then it will
 be quite consistent with our National
 Dignity and Honor, to take friendly
 counsel togethor, or to call in a third
 party who shall make a satisfactory
 arrangement of the matter.” And the
 poor bewildered, suffering people,
 cannot for the life of them understand
 why this could not as well, and better,
 be done first as last; but such is the
 custom of civilized Christendom! Alas!
 alas! for the common sense, and the
 religious convictions of a people, be
 wildered and perplexed by this diplo
 matic jargon—this Shibboleth of "Na
 tional Dignity and Honor.” With
 ships in the Tagus, and the Darda
 nelles, and the Canton river, on the
 coast of Borneo, and one knows not
 where else, ready to do the bidding of
 Consul or Ambassador, who may fancy
 himself and his nation wronged, or in
 sulted, or aggrieved in any way, the
 great wonder is, not that we are so
 seldom at war, but that we are ever at
 Peace.
TIIE WIFE OF KOSSUTH.
 At the time when all was lost to the
 Hungarians, and each had to seek his
 own safety in flight, Governor Kossuth
 and his lady, who had accompanied
 her husband throughout the war,
 thought it best to separate, in order
 that one of them, if possible, might
 save their lives, for the sake of their
 children, who had been left under the
 protection of their grandmother. The
 Governor determined to remain with
 his brave officers, still with him, and
 to share their fate. Madam K. in
 formed her husband and a female
 friend, the wife of an officer, where she
 would endeavor to seek safety; and
 as every moment was precious, this
 delicate lady clothed herself as a beg
 gar; her husband gave her his signet
 ring, and the seal of the government of
 Hungary, that these might be a pass
 port for her, in the event of her meet
 ing with those who were friendly to
 their cause. Without any clothes, ex
 cept those on her back, she com
 menced her sad and fatiguing journey
 on foot. She traveled long, experien
 cing all kinds of hardships, privations,
 and dangers. When stopped by the
 Austrian guards, she feigned extreme
 old age, and said she was in search of
 a little grandson who had got lost in
 the war; so they let her pass, little
 knowing the value of the prize they
 had ir. their bloody hands!
 Thus she. continued on, until she
 reached an extensive pasture country,
 uninhabited, except by herdsmen, al
 most as void of intellect as the herds
 they guarded: here she sought and
 found a resting place. These poor
 serfs made her a fresh bed of straw,
 covered her with their cleanest sheep
 skins, and fed her with their brown
 bread; and here she remained three
 months, during which time the winter
 cold came on, and having but little cov
 ering, you may easily conceive how
 intensely she must have suffered.
 Gov. Kossuth had sent for his children
 that he might take leave of them, and
 give them his last blessing; they were
 brought to him by his mother, and
 again taken to their home. The Aus
 trian executioner (Haynau) had long
 since commenced his bloody work.
 Kossuth, and those with him, fled to
 wards the Turkish frontier to the for
 tress of Widden. We cannot enu
 merate all the sufferings, losses, and
 anguish experienced by these unfortu
 nate men during tbeir flight; most of
 them, however, reached Widden.
 They were no sooner there, thap their
 first thoughts were of Madam Kossuth,
 and her friend, the wife of the officer
 to whom she had communicated the
 place of her intended concealment, de
 termined to seek and find her, if she
 was still alive. She sat out on her
 wear/ journey, habited in a similar
WHOLE NO. 181.
guise, as that of Madam Kossuth—as
 a beggar—and thus she passed the sol
 diers and guards of the enemy, until
 she reached the hiding place of her
 friend, who bad been the companion
 of her youth in happier days, and now
 they were to encounter new dangers.
 The herdsmen built them a little cart,
 awjgave them a hofee, as Madam
 IpuHKu., hr xoxipty, priva
 tions and sufferings, wasnoiongerftbre
 to walk. The roads had now became
 almost impassable, narrow and slippe
 ry on the sides of the mountains; one
 false step would have plunged them
 down into an almost bottomless abyss;
 but with the gallows in their rear, and
 their husbands before them, hope gave
 them courage, and onward they went.
 We know not what length of time they
 occupied in their journey; but, as it
 was in winter, and they had often to
 conceal themselves in clefts of rocks
 and overhanging mountains, from the
 scouts of the enemy, it must have been
 a long and weary one, and, when dis
 covered, they passed for beggars, and
 asked for bread from their blood thirsty
 foes. Tiiey ultimately reached the
 town of Belgrade, where they expect
 ed to find their husbands, and a ter
 mination of their sufferings. Imagine,
 then, their feelings of disappointment,
 when they learned that not a Hunga
 rian was there—all had been removed
 to Shumla. What was now to be done
 They were worn out, and could pro
 ceed no farther. Hope even had for
 saken them. No husbands to embrace,
 no friends to welcome them. They
 decided to throw themselves upon the
 humanity of the Sardinian Consul.
 They knocked at his door, which was
 opened by the Consul himself Two
 beggar women stood before him, the
 pictures of misery and woe. He ask
 ed them what they wanted. They an
 swered "food and shelter.” He re
 quested them to come in. Then the
 officer’s lady introduced him to Madam
 Kotsuth, wife of the President of
 Hungary. He could not believe it
 until she took from her bosom the sig
 net ring and seal of government of
 Hungary. What followed can easily
 be conjectured; they were received
 according to their rank by the kind
 hearted Consul; and after they were
 sufficiently rested, he made known
 their case to the Prince of Seryia, who
 sent them his carriage-and-four, with
 an eswort. to take them to Shumla.
 The weather was terribly cold, and
 the roads as bad as they could be, but
 they ultimately arrived in safety.—Bos
 ton Transcript.
From the N. Y. Tribune.
 THURSDAY IN CONGRESS WEB
 STER, CLAY, SEWARD, DUER,
 lOWA, &amp;c.
 Washington, Thurs. June 13.
 We had a grand opening in the
 Senate this morning. First, Mr. Web
 ster, in his earnest, massive manner,
 argued against striking out the Texas
 section of the bill, embracing the set
 ment of the Boundary, compensation
 to Texas for surrendering her claim to
 New-Mexico, Btc. Sic. He was grave,
 deliberate, impressive, fercible —as
 indeed he never fails to be.
 Gov. Seward followed in reply. He
 opposed the amendmant on many
 grounds, but mainly because of this
 determined opposition to every part of
 the bill. He would vote to kill the bill
 as a whole, and to kill it in detajl—to
 decapitate it or take it joint from joint.
 He considered this bill the great obsta
 cle to action on the part of Congress—
 that it had already delayed the public
 business by months, and was still ob
 structing and preventing legislation
 pressingly needed by the country.
 Let this aggregation of incongruous
 measures be withdrawn, let the several
 subjects included therein be taken up
 separately and acted on, and Congress
 might promptly and beneficently per
 form its duty to the country.
 Mr. Clay sprung up as Gov. S.
 concluded. The Senator from New-
 York charges the friends of this bill
 with obstructing the progress of public
 business. 1 am amazed at this charge.
 We, the majority of the Senate, ob
 structing business? Have we pot
 steadily and earnestly pressed forward
 Have we not been uniformly anxious
 to bring these embarrassing contro
 versies to a decision And have we not
 been steadily resisted and impeded by
 the Senator from New-York and those
 who act with him? Have they not sus
 tained every proposition for delay
 Did they not waste weeks in opposing
 the very appointment of the Committee
 of Conciliation But for this resistance
 of the minority, we might have had this
 measure before us two months earlier
 than it was presented. Have they not
 fought us in this spirit at every subse
 quent step? Did they not propose to
 lay the matter over for a week after
 the death of Mr. Chalhoun? And have
 we not just seen days wasted by them
 on a motion for indefinite postponement,
 which was withrawn as soon as the
 Senate was ready to vote upon it? Wc
 of the majority press fur action, pro-
 S ;ress, decision; the other side has
 ought for delay, inaction postpone
 ment. Yet we are accused of obstruct
 ing the action of Congress! I repel
 the charge with indignation!
 Gen. Foote of Miss, next hobbled
 up, and threw his grotesque little per
 son into all manner of unseemly con
 tortions, while he endeavored to ex
 press bis inexpressible indignation and
 amazement at Gov. Sewaro’s inpiita
 tion on the friends ot the bill. He beat
 out two or three of Mr. Clay’s sugges
 tions very thin, and made of them a
 speech quite respectable—in length.
B M bwn getting up
 rather high tor Inst hour, and it win
 well to rcplep/igh the boilers by a sold
 injection, even of sap 4 I think the
 Genera'. s speech goo d.
 Seward very briefly and caJm
 y r »jou»ed. Ha bad intended to say
 0r to intimate only that this exiraqxdt
 nary eombinatiaw of discordant, mea
 surea in one bill had inevitably delayed
 and prevented action on ihe part «f
 Congress, U iul to that he adbeiwd.
 Senators were required by this*" bill" to
 vote for or against measures they ap
 proved in combination with measures
 they utterly detested—measures they
 were even instructed to support unsted
 to measures they were instructed to re
 sist. If was this violation of all pre
 cedent and the obvious maxims of
 sound legislation, which required one
 thing to be acted on at a time which
 had obstructed and prevented action.
 It was as though the majority of a
 Court bad decided, instead of taking up
 the cases on their calendar singly and
 thus disposing of them, to combina
 them all in one issue, swear all -iko
 witnesses, hear all lh*&gt; lawyers, aad
 send out the jury instructed to rsadw
 one general verdict for the plaintiffs or
 defendants oh all fhe cases taken to
 gether. If tfie minority of the Court
 this, and stand for the old
 way of trying each case uy oatif,
 might be accused of resisting and de
 feating action. But would thut be just?
 Gen. Turney, of Tenn., next got the
 floor, and made a speech dead against
 the Texas provisions of this bill, as
 robbing Texas of a large territory, and
 organizing it as New-Mexico, and thus
 transferring it into Free instead of
 Slave soil. He esteemod this outrage
 ous, and did not see how any Southern
 man could abide it.
 Col. Benton next began to speak
 slowly, in a low tone, and not impres
 sively. He soon sent me into the
 House.
 But 1 will not speak of the day’s
 doings in the Hall. They were a lit
 tle more belligerent than yesterday’s
 but the result was the same—ooo.
 Toombs of Ga. made an ugly speech
 against the Northern Whigs, und was
 answered effectively by Duer of our
 State, and ex-Speaker Winthrop. Ba
 ker of 111. also spoke pretty' well. You
 will have the substance by telegraph.
 Byt what use of talking? We want
 votes. The ultra Southerners were
 violent, but they are few. Hall of Mo.
 (strongly anti-Benton) declared himself
 in favor of California as she is. There
 will not be forty votes against her on
 the final Yeas and Nays. But Oh! that
 seems such a weary way off’! I shall
 quit to night and go home. There is
 little hope of any decisive action
 soon.
 There was a vote by Yeas and Nays
 at the outset this morning which may
 be misapprehended. It was on going
 into Committee on the California bill,
 which many strong friends of the bill
 resisted at the moment because they
 wished first to lake up the Mint bill,
 &amp;.c. now lying on the Speaker’s table
 and have them referred and printed.
 They would have been ready to go into
 Committee in half an hour at furthest.
 The vote On the question stood—
 Yeas 94; Nays 88.
 Total absent or not voting—47, be
 sides the Speaker. Half of them were
 in their seats soon after, but came late,
 not expecting any question to be taken.
 1 think there are not twenty Members
 now absent from the city, but several
 are sick.—Messrs. Sackett, Bokee,
 and Clarke of our State are in ill
 health. Mr. McKissock is absent.
 By the way, lain assured that the
 Election Committee did substantially
 decide the lowa case in Mr. Miller’s
 favor, and that Mr. McGaughey’s re
 turn will he the signal for action.
 Thomson has just put forth a pham
 phlet, which I think will hurt his case.
 He does dot deny that Miller received
 the most vines, but wants the Mormons
 disfranchised because his own party
 didn’t organize their election districts
 right. Suppose they had for him,
 would he ever have thought of this?—
 H. G.
Slave Property.— We observe that
 it is going the rounds of the newspa
 pers, that there are $1,500,000,000
 worth of slave property in the fifteen
 slave States of this Union. This
 we do not believe. Allowing three
 millions of slaves, this estimate would
 be five hundred dollars a head for old
 men, old women, and children—lame,
 halt, blind, &amp;c as well as the young,
 and middle aged men and women.—
 This estimate is too high. Two or
 three hundred each, at most, would be
 nearer the value of all sorts, sizes Sic.
 considered, which would make the
 market value from 6 to $900,000,000
 only; but the real value is less than
 nothing; the slaveholders are eaten up
 by them; they must keep them, find
 and clothe them, and pay the doctors’
 bills, winter and summer, whether they
 have work for them or not; indeed, in
 most cases it would be far cheaper to
 hire their labor. And again, not only
 the slaveholders, but the country is
 blighted and impoverished by the foot
 print of the slave. Slavery is a loss
 and a curse both to master and slave,
 hut more particularly to the poor whites
 residing in slave States.— Wilmington
 (Del.) Chicken.
Humbug. —Everybody, perhaps, is
 not acquainted with the etymology of
 the word Humbug. It is a corruption
 of Hamburgh, and originated it the
 following manner:—During a period
 when war prevailed on the continent,
 so many false reports and lying bulle
 tins were fabricated at Hamburgh
 that at length, when any one would
 signify his disbelief of a statement, he
 would say, “You had that from Ham
 burgh” and thus, “that is Hamburgh”
 or “Humbug,” became a common ex
 pression of incrcdulty.
Death of Jane Porter.— Miss J.
 Porter the well-known author of the
 Scottish Chiefs and many other stand
 ard novels and romances, expired at
 the residence of her brother, Dr W
 Ogilvic Porter, Portland-Square, Bris
 tol, on Tuesday night from a second
 attack of pulmonary appoleky. Miss
 Porter was in her 74th year, and main
 tained to the last moment not only her
 intellectual faculties unimpaired, but
 that cheerfulness of disposition for
 which she had been so much admired
 during her long life.—JY. p.
 gelid.
"
