"From the N. Y. Tribune.
 Thirty-first Congress--First Session.
Washington, Wednesday, June 19.
 The events in the Senate to-day have been
 rapid, interesting, some of them startling,
 and possibly important upon the final destiny
 of the Compromise Bill. For an hour in the
 morning, after the special order of the day
 was called—which is now the Omnibus or
 Compromise bill every day successively—it
 seemed as if the day was to be given to
 business and not to speech-making.
 A variety of amendments were offered by
 friends to the bill or those who look upon it
 with some indulgence, but who desire to
 make it better, dissussed in short and perti
 nent speeches and voted down one after ano
 ther. Mr. Walker of Wia. moved two of
 these amendments, the fist of which proposed
 to admit Foreigners in the Territories who
 •hould have declared their intention of be
 coming citizens, to vote at the elections and
 upon the question of forming State Govern
 ments. The other was to strike out the
 Provision of the bill which prohibits the Ter
 ritorial Legislatures to discriminate between
 residents and non-residents in the matter ol
 Taxation.
 Mr. Underwood moved to strike out the
 appropriation of two sections of land in each
 township to educational purposes, and to sub
 stitute an appropriation of one section in each
 township only, according to the fsrmer
 practice, except in the one oCOregon. His
 amendment met with the same fate and was
 lost, only eight Senators voting m the affirma
 tive, ahowrng (hat there is some generosity
 left in the in the disposition of what
 costs nothing.
 While things in the Legislative line were
 firogressing thus swimmingly, there was a
 ittle scene occurring in the center of the hall,
 which contrasted pleasantly with ihe wide
 awake character of all around. Mr. Whitcomb
 of la. whose health, I believe by the way, is
 not very good, had sunk into a most profound
 sleep, his head depending in a picturesque at
 titude over the back of his chair, and swaying
 back and forward, as if abandoned by the
 owner to its own volutions, while his col
 league, Mr. Bright, who sat next to him,
 casting a half alarmed and comical look
 around the galleries as if to see who was
 watching the operation, made several des
 peate efforts to shake the drowsy Senator
 into consciousness all of which p.oved
 failures. The distinguished legislator from
 the lioosier State persisted in this senatorial
 snoose despite every exertion until aroused
 possibly by the stentorian utterances of hi 3
 own nasal music, when he awoke looking re
 freshed and innocent.
 Mr. Hale's proviso on Jefferson Davis’s
 amendment was voted down without the for
 mality of a division. The amend itself, pro
 viding for the repeal of the Mexican laws—
 one of the main reliances for keeping Slave
 ry out of the Territories—was honored by
 the yeas and nays, and was also rejected—
 yeas 18, nays 29.
 Mr. Foote, who had struggled stoutly in
 argument against the amendment as unneces
 sary, pernicious, and directly in the teeth ol
 the uniform Southern pretension that those
 lawe do not now exist in force, and that the
 Constitution gives the right to the slaveholder
 to take his slaves to the Territories in spite ol
 any laws to the contrary, Mr. Foote, whe
 said all this, caved in when the voting came
 round and went for the amendment—yielding,
 I suppose, to the pressure of this position.
 Finally Mr. Underwood, who likes to heal
 work, like the member of a Western Legisla
 ture who got a few couples ol his neighbors
 divorced without their consent, because every
 body else was doing something for their con
 stituents, and who seemed to be quite inno
 cent} of the intention of throwing such a
 firebrand into the camp, offered an amend
 ment, to the effect that, if Texas should re
 fuse to accept the ten or twelve millions tu
 be tendered her in consideration of a misera
 ble claim to a mirerable desert, without wood
 or water, she should be privileged to sue the
 United States for a settlement of accounts.
 Mr. Hunk flared up at die insult thus
 offered to his State, and seemed to think that
 the proper remedy was to insult every body
 else—the Senate, the United States, Gen,
 Taylor and “the rest of mankind,” for all ol
 whi?h Mr. Badger gave him one of the mosi
 genteel skinnings in a forensic way that you
 ever listened to. This had the effect tc
 bring the valliant General down a peg or twe
 and he finished off by reading a classical ex
 tract from Titus Livius, which he fanccd
 presented a striking parallel with the wrongs
 that Texas is suffering at tlie hands of the
 United States.
 Mr. Webster thought the amendment un
 necessary, but that instead the President ol
 the United Stales should be instructed, in
 the happening of the contingency, to sue
 Texas, in a bill to test the tilth to New-
 Mexico.
 Mr. Foote showed no little alarm, and
 finally announced in the most formal and im
 pressive manner, that if the amendment were
 persisted m it must prove the rum of the bill
 —that several Senators had declared that n
 would be a tine qua non with them that nc
 such threat should be held in terrorem ovei
 Texas. He entreated most pathetically that
 Mi. Underwood would withdraw his amend
 ment. Mr. Underwood said that would dc
 no good, as it would be immediately removed
 Mr. Clay raised his placid head above the
 waves, to still the tumult, by piopostng a
 Compromise. He suggested that the amend
 ment, which he gently reproved his incau
 itous colleague for thtowinginto the scathing
 ocean of dissensions, to increase the storm
 should be withdrawn, and if renewed by an
 enemy of the hill, should be voted down, as
 Carlyle says, incontinent; and that, after the
 battle was fought out, and the dead anti
 wounded were duly cared for, a joint resolu
 tion should be brought in, embodying the
 question of the subsequent remedy, in the
 probable contingency of Texas proving con
 tumacious and refusing to receive the money
 —the old fox not being willing to be caught
 in his own trap, the union of different mea
 sures in the name bill.
 This proposition seemed to be received as
 a placebo by the majority of the friends of the
 bill, but unfortunately long experience has
 proved that it is not so easy to buy the devil
 as it is to raise hirn. Mr. Pearce of Md.
 came to the rescue. The whole broad ocean
 of discussion in relation to ihe powers and
 jurisdiction of the Supreme Court of the
 United Slates seemed to be opened, and to
 promise plenty of scope for a innath’sdebate.
 He ended by giving in as hts sine qua non
 that some feature shoald be incorporated in
 this bill which would at all events secure a
 final settlement of the question with Texas.
 Mr. Foote, in despair, moved an Executive
 Session. This seemed about to Ire acceded
 to, when Senators around the hall seized the
 moment to give notice of amendments ad in-
 Jimtum. Among those the most impoitant
 was one from Mi. Berrien to the effect that
 the Senators and Representatives elect from
 California be sent home with a flea in their
 ear, and that two denature and one Represen
 tative may be elected after the passage of this
 bill, in their stead—and this he, 100, an
 nounced as his imr qua non. He has consci
 entious scruples and a lender conscience.
 The cup seemed now to be full. Mr. Clay
 rose in hts wrath. He said that fifty times
 during the progress of this bill lie had been
 upon the very point of giving up all hope ol
 composing the discordant elements which
 rule the destinies of the country, and that
 when he saw the spirit which was manifested
 —the disposition on the part of every one to
 have his own way, and to thwart by every
 means in his power the progress of the bill,
 he was disposed to let them all go to the
 devil together. Such was the substance of
 his short harangue, put however in more set
 ph/ases, as it is difficult for Henry Clay to be
 100 sogry to be ornate and elegant in expres
 sion.
 Mr. Berrien hurled back his insinuations
 and said that Mr- Clay had said that he, was
 aiming to thwail fbt bill.
Mr. Clay contradicted him point blank
 upon that point, without taking "'luch trouble
 to explain.
 Mr. Berrien stated his position and re
 iterated his srte qua non.
 Mr. Foote deprecated excitement, to which
 Mr. Clay replied with a look of mingled ex
 haustion and despair, "You, Sir, would be
 excited 100, if you had my task to perform."
 The scene ended by voting an extra Session.
 To-morrow the fight will be renewed.
 s. P. A
A Free Soil State Convention.
 The friends of Freedom in Michigan, with
 out party distinction, held a State Convention
 on the 29th ult. at Marshall, Calhoun Co.
 The Convention was called to order by Hovey
 K. Clark, of Marshall; after which, Orlan
 do Moffatt, of Calhoun, was chosen Chairman,
 and F. Raymond, of Wayne, Secretary. A
 Committee of six was chosen to draft reso
 lutions expressive of the sense of the Con
 vention, consisting of Messrs. Clarke and
 Hussey of Calhound, Thompson of Branch,
 Crane of Baton, Thomas of Kalamazoo, and
 Curtis of Oakland.
 The Convention was them addressed by
 Messrs. Gibbs and Champlain of Calhoun,
 Tripp of Lenawee, Stocking of Branch, Mc-
 Bratney of Wayne, and others.
 The Committee, by their chairman, re
 ported the following Resolutions, which,
 after being fully discussed by Dr. Cuitiu oi
 St. Clair, Messrs. Clarke and Hussef of
 Calhoun, w«e nnmimously adopted, aa fol
 lows:
 Resolved, That we are in favor of the
 application of the principles of Freedom to
 all territory within the reach of our political
 power, at all times and under all circum
 stances, against all supposed limitations of
 great interests, against all combinations and
 against all compromises."’
 Resolved, That these principles demand
 the immediate recognition of the right of the
 State of California to admission to the posi
 tion of a sovereign State; and that the denial
 of this right as a concession to the interests
 of Slavery, or any delay in granting it, is an
 outrage upon the citizens of California, and
 a violation of the established practice of our
 Government.
 Resolved, That the People of Michigan
 will, in our judgment, prove themselves faith
 ful to the principles which they have repeat
 edly asserted; and that among these stand
 first in their attachment the power of Con
 gress to prevent the extension of Slavery into
 Territories now free, and their duty to exer
 cise it. And that the action of the last
 Legislature of this State, in the passage of
 the "Rescinding Resolutions,” wae procured
 by the violation of most solemn pledges, and
 by the most unprincipled of political com
 binations; and from which the people will
 yet vindicate themselves by the punishment
 of their betrayers, or submit to be degraded
 to the position of the willing tools of one
 great man's ambition.
 Resolved, That the new Territories, ask
 ing that civil governments may be established
 among them, are entitled to be heard; and
 that in the organization of such governments
 it is the right and duty of the North to insist 1
 upon the absolute prohibition of Slavery
 therein, as the only means by which Slave
 ry ever has betn or can be restricted in its
 extension in this country.
 Resolved, That the Compromise bill re
 ported by the Senate Committee of thirteen,
 like all compromises with Slavety, is another
 proposition tar the surrender of Northern
 principle to the arrogance of Southern pas
 sion; that we look upon it with abhorrence,
 as an insult to the Northern men, and es
 pecially to Northern juries; that we expect
 nothing from such compromises but their.
 inevitable result disappo iitment and de
 feat.— Tribune.
Slavery in California.
 In the course of his remarks, at the com
 plimoiiuiy dinner given to him by tb* prin
 ters and cilizens of Albany, the Hon. Edward
 Gilbert thus alluded to the slavery question in
 California:
 “A queslioa of greater importance than
 these on which he proposed to touch, was
 the question of slavery. They believed they
 had settled this question upon the highest
 Southern ground, but he found they had
 been led into a mistake. So tar as the clause
 of the constitution prohibiting slavety was
 concerned, it was adopted unanimously by
 the Convention which framed the constitution,
 and it was unanimously adopted by the peo
 ple themselves. (Applause.) The popula
 tionof California, for the most part, waa com
 posed of free laborers from the North and
 the South, and he placed himself among that
 number. [Loud applause They had taken
 a solemn oath against slavery of every kind
 —that neither black slavery nor white slave
 ry, nor any other kind of slavery, should
 be tolerated in California. Thus far, they
 ‘had accomplished this.—[Applause.] They
 feel that if African slavery had been intro
 duced into Calitornia, it will degrade free la
 bor. would never submit to that insult, j
 [Applause.] Above and beyound that, they
 felt the spirit of the agp called for Freedom,]
 universal Freedom [applause] and they would
 be derelict to what they believed to be their!
 Constitutional duty if they did not provide!
 for that. The question of slavery then, so
 far as California was concerned, was settled.
 The decision had gone forth. It would never)
 be changed. If there were a laten t hope
 among the opposition to the admission of I
 California, that by delay slavery might be
 introduced, he might as well say at once, it
 never can. [Great and loud continued ap-;
 plause.] He felt as he spoke, for he, in,
 common with thousands and thousands, might
 in the vicissitudes of life, be forced to dig
 for gold; and never, he believed, could they
 bring slaves to labor along side of Ireetnen.
 Their conscience, education, principles, told
 them slavery was wrong. They did not de
 sire to ride this question. They had no po
 litical aspirations depending upon it. It was
 an all pervading principle.”
Were the Thebans Negroes.—There
 has been a wonderful fuss over a mummy at
 Boston lately. It is described as very ancient,
 and was supposed to be a Princess 01 Pries
 tess of Thebes, in her glory.—Great paiade
 and ceremony has been made a* to the un
 rolling the mummy. It has been done with
 much care in regard to highly excited litefary
 taste in Boston, and in regard to the science
 of mummy-making, as well as the presump
 tion that jewels, or manuscripts, or something
 else very valuable, or curious, might he found
 entombed in this relic of mortality.
 Before the unrolling of the antiquated
 thirty, we had many literary strictures and
 lectuies from the learned, in Boston and
 about, in regard to the genealogy of the The
 bans, of whom the mummy was sup]&gt;osed to
 be a royal relic. One important point was,
 to make out, that the Thebans, were a dif
 ferent race from the poor black creatures that
 mope now among the ruins of the c;fy of a
 hundred gates. Oh! no. It would be bad
 taste enough to be paying great respect to the
 corpse of a nigger, it it be royal. We were
 assured therefore, by the learned doctors, that
 (he Thebans were not Africans, but a nobler
 race, and had none of the peculiarities of
 niggerdom Although this did not quite
 agree with Heroditus, and their colemporary
 historians, nevertheless the learned were sure
 it must be so.
 Well, the poor old mummy, was at length
 stripped of its swadiing clothes, snd disem
 boweled, and furnished evidence of Ittle else
 than that it was a veritable “he.nigger” after
 all. A humbling relic enough of Theban roy
 alty, learning, and renown.
The Rothschilds.—lt is said that the for
 tune of the Rothschilds is not less than seven
 hundred and thirty millions of francs, or twen
 ty-nine millions four hundred thousand pound*
 British money —About $146,000,000
TOE NORTH STAI
ROCHESTER, JUNE 2», 1850.
Thi North Star is sometimes seat to friend*
 who do not take the paper, in the bops that they
 may see fit to subscribe for it. Subscription* and
 donations for the same may he safely enclosed, ad
 dressed to Fredirick Douglass, Rochester,
 N. Y.
 W a rted—Several Travelling Agists,
 to procure subscribers for the North Star. A
 liberal commission will be given. None need apply
 but such as can bring good recommendations lor
 industry, accuracy and honesty. Apply to FrsD
 erici Douglass, Rochester, N. Y.
Our English friends who have not paid
 their subscriptions to the North Star, for the
 year 1850, are requested to forward them, by
 Post Office Order, to Mrs. Henry Richard
 son, 5, Summerhill Grove, Newcastle-oo-
 Tyne. r. d.
I American Religion and American
 Slavery.
 What makes the anti-slavery warfare most
 diffcult and dangerous, is the fact, that sla;
 very has long been incorporaild with the religi
 ous ideas and institution* of the Americas
 people. To buy, sell, transfer, to whip, chsiq
 and fetter a brother man, has been long deem
 ed consistent with good fellowship in the
 church of the living God, and not in compa
 tible with a life devoted to pure religion. The
 very Rev. Chief Priests of our religion, have
 gone the length to asset t, that slavery is it
 self of divine appointment; that in seme
 cases it is a high Christian duty to hold the
 slave in bondage. A class less ultra, but not
 less mischievous than this, speak of slavery aa
 an evil, but that the evil tails upon the mas
 ter not upon the slave. A more numeroui
 class still, (with Bible in hand and faces turn
 ed heavenward,) solemnly declare, that, while
 they fully admit the great evil of slavery
 they that the church of God haj
 any right lo interfere wilh it. They contend
 that neither Christ nor his apostles evei
 made slaveholding a barrier to Christian fel
 lowship; that what Christ and his apostlei
 never did, the church of Christ has no ngh
 to do, that it is ihe duty of the preacher tc
 preach the gospel, to seek the salvation oi
 souls, and never to interfere with the lawt
 and civil arrangements of society, that th«
 latter must be left to the statesman. With
 out attempting to decide which type of these
 opinions is the most objectionable and injur
 ious, we may say, what must be evident tc
 the reader, that the whole, taken together,
 has but one aim, and leads to but one result,-
 the preservation, and perpetuation of slavery;
 and! render al' efforts at emancipation both
 difficult and dangerous—difficult, because the
 public ear is chained to the pulpet, where the
 voice of mercy and justice cannot reach it;
 —dangerous to the humble reformer, because
 in opposing the abomination under the altar,
 the crafty priest finds it easy to misrepresent
 him as assailing the altar itself and as disign
 ing not only to destroy slavery, but the re
 ligion of the Lamb of God. Thus the chuich
 is not only the strongest bulwark of slavery,
 but it is the point most secure from attack.
 In her hand is lodged to a large extent, the
 powers of life and death; and woe to the man
 who falls a victim to her wrath and provokei
 her exterminating thunder. He who would
 know w hat it is to he isolated in the midst ol
 men, to see himself regarded with averted
 eyes, to be an object of general hatred and
 suspicion to be deserted and shunned bv all
 former fiiends, to seea vigorous reputation
 wither under the insidious poison of private
 slander, and to see his business prospects dar
 kened and at last destroyed, may drink thu
 full cup of sorrow, by a bold and faithful ex
 posure of the wicked position of the Ameri
 can church and clergy. Of all motives for
 persecution, the blindest and most bitter ii
 'hat which falsely calls itself religion. Its
 thirst is satisfied with nothing short of the
 blood at every blow. “To make war upon the
 church of the living God.” What less than
 the dames of hell is an adequate punishment
 for such a heaven-daring crime? What! speak
 evil of the men who minister at the altar of
 the Most High? For such reckless wicked
 nee6 —for such aactilegious temerity, let his
 character be blasted forever, brand him infi
 del, stamp him atheist, call him dieorganixer,
 and warn the world against him as a most
 dangerous man. Such is but a faint picture of
 the malignity of religious persecution, as it is
 at this moment carried on against the aboli
 tionists. Illustrations of the truth ofthiastate
 ment may be found in nearly all the peiiod
 icals of the leading denominations of profess
 ing Christians in this country. The conduc
 tors of these journals, aim to crush, in the
 most summary manner, any man who will
 pursue sin to the door of the church. The
 fear of offending the church, the dread of her
 overwhelming power, seala the lips of many
 a timid soul whose heart yearns in sympatny
 with the crushed and plundered bondman.
 There then is the great difficulty: Slavery
 is protected by the church, and the church
 is regarded as the highest object by the peo
 ple. Her they will stand by, right or wrong.
 Many who see this, and understand the crimi
 nal connection of the church with slavery,
 and the vital support which she gives to it,
 nevertheless, shun to majes war upon her,
 and aeek the downfall of slavery; through
 some other channel. They would be ene
 mies to Slavery, and would at the same time
 stand well with the Church: they therefore,
 sympathize with the slave, simply as politi
 cians, not as Christians. They would not have
 the distracting subject introduced into the
 Church.but would gladly tee the evil,removed
 by political means. This proves, the mighty
 power of the church, and shows with whai
 impunity she may shelter sin, and how
 secure the abominations of slavery and war
 may real under the pulpit.
 We hold, and have held for the last ten
 years, that, for the existence of slavery the
 American Church and Clergy, are not only
 responsible, but are the only body which has
 the power to abolish Slavery in the land. It
 the dungeon of American bondage be firmly
 locked, the American Church has the key.
 In the present circumstances of our cause,
 owing to the discussions with respect to the
 extension of slavery, we fear attention has
 not been as closely fixed upon the church as
 her importance demands. She should never
 be forgotten a* the foster mother of the infernal
 system of human bondage, and in proportion
 to the timidity of the many should he the
 boldness of the few in exposing her corrup
 tions.
Politic* hare no poweT tc sustain slavery
 as religion has. The latter has to do with
 men's consciences sympathies and eternal
 interests. It shakes the trembling spirit over
 the vast and solemn expanse ot eternity. It
 teaches him the shortness of time, the little
 now of earthly objects—that this life is but a
 probationary state in which our character and
 destiny are to he determined forever. The
 ministers of this Religion stand before the
 people and proclaim their words under the
 general admission that they are called and
 qualified to make known the mind of the ever
 living and true God. As a consequence they
 are heard with respect, attention, and defer
 ence, such as arc paid to none oiher, they
 can speak when all beside them must be si
 lent; when thuy spread forth their hands ths
 people bow down. They form themotalsof
 the Community and if slavery be tolerated it
 is because they do not condemn it.—r. d.
The Letter of Benjamia Coates.
 Having tecently given our views on the
 subject of African colonization, we deem it
 unnecessary to go into a lengthy reply to the
 letter of Mr. Benjamin Coates. The points
 by him, have, boon answered satisfac
 torily to our own tniad, times without num
 ber. ilc seems amazed at the amount of
 prejudice, which the colored people entertain
 towaids the American colonization society.
 We assure him that there is something more
 than prejudice; and it is an intelligent appre
 ciation both of the men composing that so
 ciety and the measures they proposed. It
 has created more prejudice in this country
 against the free colored man—raised against
 him a greater amount of hostility, than the
 infant Republic of Liberia will be able to
 atone for in fifty years. It has taught the
 nation that we are low, ignorant and besotted
 that our elevation in this country is im
 possible— that Afiioa, and not America, is
 our country and some of its members have
 gone the scandalous length of tecommending
 the enactment of stringent laws against our
 rights and liberties, with a view to our coer
 cion and final expatriation. It is is not at all
 surprising that colored men should contem
 plate that society with other than feelings of
 complacency.
 For ourselves, we look with suspicion on
 any medium which propose! to free the nation
 from its unrighteous treatment of the colored
 people, that does not involve a deep and radi
 cal repentance. To remove the objects of
 American hatred, is not to remove that hatred
 itself. It is a climbing up some other way,
 and is therefore to be discarded. We-beg
 and entreat our colonization friends to desist
 from their colonization scheme, and to al
 low its) sufficient repose toresume that course
 of steady improvement which has marked and
 will continue 10 mark the progress of colored
 men, in this, the land of theit nativity.
 For more than two hundred years, we have
 been the constant campanions of the white
 man, and the joint possessors, with him, of
 this country; and ihe readiness with which
 we adapt ouiselves to the circumstances
 around us, induces the belief that we eland
 as good a chance of advancement, here in all
 things pertaining to human walfare as we
 should do, were we instantly transformed to
 the western coast of Africa.—r. a.
ft/ 3 The letter of M. R. Delany, (which
 takes up a large share of our Editorial apace)
 deseives perhaps a few words from us in reply.
 With all that he says as to the desirableness
 of cultivating amicable feelings among those
 whose end and aim is, the abolition of sla
 very, and the elevation of the free colored
 people, we most heartily agree. We shall
 probably go as far in promoting such feel
 ings as he himself would desire, and as far
 as is compatible with the free expression of
 our honest convictions in respect to the con
 duct of our public men.
 Identity of color, does not forbid a difference
 of opinion: and having a commmon object,
 does not prohibit a free expression of that dif
 ference; and in the light of these facts, we
 expressed our sentiments in respect to the
 conduct of Ward, in consenting to address a
 public meeting in Philadelphia in a colored
 church, where colored peoj le themselves
 were, by the terms of the call that convened
 that meeting,' expressly denied the right to
 a seat in the lower part of the building, which
 was expressly and exclusively appropriated
 to white persons.
 We have re-examiinined what we said in
 “The North Star,” to which Mr. Delany
 takes exception, and we find nothing in it so
 grossly personal as to justify the implied
 censure which our friend Delany has so feely
 lavished upon us. One must be stiuck, on
 reading his letter, with the appropriateness
 of his advice, if applied to himself. In cor
 recting our,errors he has followed the example
 of many others who have presumed to give
 advice; by doing the very thing himself,
 which be disallows in us. He compares our
 comments upon Mr. Ward’s handbill, to th«
 "uncivilized, vulgar, attacks of thcMississippi
 ruffian and ho goes on imputing, (by im
 plication to be sure,) such base motives for
 our conduct, as jealousy, envy, and mea n
 ambition—all of which we think quite gratu
 itous, and uncalled for. We undertake to
 affirm that our whole course of conduct to
 wards Mr. Ward, (and we think that the
 columns of the North Star will bear us out in
 our affirmation,) up to his recent visit to
 Philadelphia, has displayed marked admira
 tion of his very superior talents; and a high
 appreciation of his charactei, as a man.
 When we debated with him in New York, a
 year since, we bore this testimony to his de
 portment in that debate, “He showed himself
 a skillful debater, as well as a powerful de
 claimed and certainly possessed a large power
 over the intelligent audience before him. With
 an opponent of such genius and magnanimi
 ty, it affords us pleasure to discuss any ques
 tion of difference.” These were our words
 one year since. On the 16th may 1850 we
 used the following language, with respect to
 Mr. Ward, Frederick Douglass was followed
 by Samuel R. Ward, who, for about 20
 minutes, poured forth a brilliant stream of
 wit, humor, and argument, fairly blistering
 the unfortunate Mr. Grant. Does this look
 like ambition, envy, or jealousy! When we
 found ourselves assailed on the platform,
 during the last Anniversaries, in New York,
 after encountering and silencing the clamor of
 the mob, on retiring from the platfbrm.who, of
 all the talented colored men who were pre
 sent, did we select to complete the triumph of
 human brotherhood, over vulgar prejudice,
but Samuel R. Ward? If we differ with him
 now, it is not that we love him leu but free
 dom and equality more. And If M. R. De
 lany should ever venture to hold a public
 meeting in the City of Rochester, or else
 where, on the pro-slavery conditions of driv
 ing the Negro into a separate pew, be shall
 find us equally ready to denounce such
 conduct on his part. Persona must be respect
 ed, but principles are above persons, and we
 must follow the latter, though they bring us
 into conflict with the whole world.—f. d.
Cincinnati. —Our fliends in Cincinnati,
 have determined to celebrate the 4th of July
 in that city, by opening a fine Temperance
 Hall and have done us the honor to in
 vite u»to deliver an address on that day, ap
 propriate to the occasion.
 We shill comply with this kind invitation:
 and shall, probably, spend several days in
 Cincinnati, and also, in Pittsbnrgh bfore our
 return. r. o.
Christian Anti-Slavery Convention.
 The proceedings of this body ate now
 published in pamphlet form. The latter con
 tains the call for the Convention, and tho
 introductory sermon, by the Rev. C. C.
 Boynton, together with sundry letters from
 distinguished persons in different pans of the
 country, who had been invited to attend, but
 who were unable to be present.
 This pamphlet also contains a very eloquent
 and earnest address by the Convention to the
 American churches. We doubt not that ike
 effect of the Convention will be beneficial to
 the cause of the slave; yet we cannot but re
 gret that, among all the distinguished men
 invited to attend it, there does not adfcm to’
 have been one associated with the old-organi
 zation abolitionists; but all were drawn from
 the ranks of either the old or new Liberty
 nartv.—f. d
ID* Wc are indebted to William Harned
 for a copy of the Annual Report of the Ame
 rican and Foreign Anti-Slavery Society, pre
 sented in New York, May 7th, 1850. This
 is one of the most valuable collections of re
 cent facts on the whole subject of slavery
 now extant, and it does great credit to the
 vigilance, industry, and research of Lewis
 -Tappan, Esq., who is understood to be the
 compiler. This Report may be obtained at
 61 John-st. N. Y.— r. d.
ID* We beg to present our best acknowl
 edgments to the Hon. W. H. Seward, for
 valuable Congressional documents, recently
 received. —t n.
To Samuel It. Ward.
 Mv Dear Friend: I hare recently seen
 the extra North Star,” issued by Fredtrick
 Douglass, an old fiiend and oppressed brother,
 and I regret to learn that in you the cause of
 our downtrodden people has recently experi
 enced a sad and mortifying damper.
 The charges made against you were in
 consequence of a handbill calling a meeting,
 gotten ,up in Philadelphia by the whites, ex
 pressly for yourself, the conditions of which
 were degrading to the colored people, altho’
 the meeting was to be held in a church be
 longing exclusively to themselves, having
 colored trustees and a colored pastor the
 offensive part of which read thus The
 lower part of the house Will be reserved ex
 clusively for white persons, who arc particu
 larly invited to attend. The complaint
 against you is, that concerning this most pal
 pable insult to your intelligence, you were
 silent during your address.
 If this charge had come from any other
 source than one so reliable as that of Freder
 ick Douglass, I would not fot a moment have
 placed any confidence in the statement; and
 since I have seen but “one side of the story,”
 not having had an opportunity of seeing your
 version of it, justice, impartiality, and per
 sonal friendship, would induce me to stay
 judgment, in a measure, until an opportunity
 offered of hearing “both sides.”
 But, taking the premises for granted, how
 can it be possible that Samuel R. Ward,
 himself a coloied man, and an avowed enemy
 of all that tends to injure our cause—Samuel
 R. Ward, a professedly high-toned anti-sla
 very man—he of whom Governor Seward
 •aid that he never heard true eloquence
 until he heard Samuel R. Ward speak”—he
 of whom Horace Greeley declares, that Capt.
 Rvnders and Dr. Grant, the famous Demo
 cratic leaders of the Infidel Club of Tammanv
 Hall, compared with whom are but second
 rate monkeys—he of whom a recent writer
 in ihe Philadelphia Leger says: He Beemed
 an animated statue of black marble, of the old
 Egyptian sort, out of which our white civili
 zation was hewn. Every degrading associa
 tion dropped away from his color, and it was
 as rich in its blackness as the vplvet pall on
 the bier of an Emperor”—he whom I beheld
 at the great Free Soil Convention at Buffalo,
 in 1848, in the midst of assembled thousands I
 —lawyers, judges, priests, politicians, mem
 bers of Congress and Senators—stepping out
 upon the scaffold in the dignity of manhood,
 without a superior in the crowded multitude,
 pealing forth in strainsof majestic eloquence,
 bearing a living representation of those divine
 like philosophers who originated mysteries in
 Ethiopia, the sciences in Egypt, and gave
 civilization to the white races of Europe—
 how could such a man as this stand up, under
 the circumstances charged in the premises, to
 the dishonor of himself and the disgrace of
 hisiace? This, I confess, I cannot realize.
 This error, if committed at all, can only be
 explained and excused on one point alone—ii
 must have been an “error of the head and not
 of the heart.” And I now call upon yon,
 sir, to give satisfaction, at the earliest possible
 hour, to your numerous friends and admirers
 throughout the country, on this point at issue.
 But it is seriously to be regretted that a
 hostile feeling appears to exist between Mr.
 Douglass and yourself, in consequence of
 your position. You are both men'of great
 intellectual capacities, endowed with much
 ability—men of great celebrity and notoriety;
 the reputed leaders among your people in
 this country, being the conductors of the only 1
 two existing secular newspapers devoted to
 the elevation of our tace. This being con
 ceded, you will permit one of the humblest 1
 individuals among the common people, for 1
 whom you are directing your efforts, to give
 you his opinion, without being charged with J
 an “impudent interference” in a matter that
 does not concern him.
 Whatever difference exieta between Mr. 1
 Douglaee and yourself, especially in this in- i
stance, a mere difference of opinion, and
 should be so considered and treated. And 1
 would say to Mr. Douglass that, with this
 view of the subject, 1 cannot therefore, under
 any circumstances in the case, justify the rash
 mannei in which he attacked you. When
 we differ with an honorable man, we attack
 bis position, and not the individual; and noth
 ing will justify haish personal attacks but an
 assault from a dishonorable opponent and
 personal enemy. And I think a little sober
 reflection will satisfy both on this point, when
 Mr. D. will be willing, as he should be, to
 make acknowledgment for the wrongs done
 in this case. 1 mean wrong in the manner
 and matter of the attack, even though the
 allegations were all true to the letter. For it
 does not appear, irom anything that Mr
 Douglass complains, that the attack was pro
 voked by any course of yours towards himself
 personally.
 You cannot find, in the history of enlight
 ened deliberations, where great rnen, distin
 guished for their talents, however opposed to
 each other in position, have made such bitter
 personal attacks, in denunciation of each
 other, as have passed between you, espe
 cially in this instance by Mr. Douglass.—
 None, I think, can be found, except it should
 be the uncivilized, vulgar attacks of the
 Mississippi ruffian Foote, of the U. S. Senate,
 to whom I will liken neither of you, in his
 outlandish assaults upon the hoaty sage of
 Missouri—Benton, and upon other advocates
 of liberty in the councils of the nation. This
 and similar cases are the only instances, and
 these men are wholly without character or
 reputation, save their heathenish ferocity and
 daring impudence.
 It will not do to justify these things in us,
 because they are done by the whites. This
 is no excuse for us. 1 deny that the same
 things are done by white men, under similar
 circumstances, occupying the same position
 among their people as you occupy among us.
 A people wholly oppressed, all making
 struggling efforts for liberty and elevation
 among their oppressors, have no time to spend
 in personal hostility towards each other r ea
 pecially among their leaders. IVe ca/mk
 afford to be divided—it costs too much.
 expense is greater than we can bear. It
 do for others, but it will not do for us nor any
 people circumstanced as we are. We must
 learn adrptation—learn to suit outselves to
 the time or the occasion, and be equal to any
 emergency. Let others do as they may—
 this we must do for ourselves, if we ever
 expect success in the glorious cause of self
 elevation.
In the American struggle fur liberty against
 British despotism, supposing Washington,
 Warren, Hancock, Jefferson, and other great
 men, leaders among the people, had ceased
 their mutual counsel and co-operation, and
 commenced hostility among themselves, be
 cause of a mere difference of opinion, what
 would have beeome of the common people,
 both civil and military, and the cause of Ame
 rican liberty? This cause being in the hands
 of the leaders, it is not hard to determine.—
 And shall our cause suffer violenoe in our first
 tottering steps at advancement? Just Heaven
 decree otherwise!
 The injury done to our people at large by
 these proceedings, and the sacred cause in
 which you have embarked, is
 your conception. It was on the very morning
 of the reception of the extra, favored by a
 friend in Philadelphia, and before opening it,
 that a gentleman stepped up to me, suggest
 ing the idea of sending for S. R. Ward, to
 pay Pittsburgh a visit.” When on opening
 the package 1 held in my band, “what a tale
 did it unfold This, of course, had its
 effect. Thus, while others are writing you
 into fame, you are writing each other down
 The public has pronounced upon you as
 aspirants—jealous of each other’s popularity
 —rivals, contending for precedence in the
 annals of fame, with a determination to ac
 complish the design of personal ambition,
 ihougt. it be done over the ragged fragments
 of the liberties of your almost hopeless,
 struggling people. The friends of Mr. Doug
 lass say, Ward is jealous of Douglass’ pop
 ularity,” while the friends of Mr. Ward, on
 the other hand, say, Douglass is jealous of
 Ward and Garnet, lest they become as popu
 lar throughout ihe country as himself.” And
 this, sir, you give them good reasen to say,
 while you continue this personal hostility
 towards each other; for a division among you,
 causes a division of sentiment among the peo
 ple in regard to you, who should and other
 wise would be united in a oneness of feeling
 toward you.
 Aside from these bickerings, the noble ef
 forts of you both in the holy cause of your
 oppressed brethren and downtrodden humaui
 ty, have been praiseworthy indeed. Proud
 indeed, would 1 feel at the thought, that even
 in a life-time, it were possible for me to attain
 half the high-standing and respect that is
 now either of your privilege to enjoy bui
 whatever estimate I may set upon sudh a
 proud privilege, I had rather remain in ob
 scrurity as I am, than attain such a position
 at the expense of another’s destiny. Nay,
 palsied be the hand that holds this pen—stul
 tified be the intellect that suggests the
 thought—and hushed in the stillness of death
 first be this voice, before giving utterance to
 such an expression. God, our" common Fa
 ther, has ordained otherwise—let us do as he
 would that we should—truly love one another
 then, and not until then, shall this selfihness
 cease to find existence among us. Love would
 imply a common liking lor each other—a
 heart-felt intert st in each other’s welfare, and
 a desire for each other’s prosperity. This is
 that which God speaks of—this is the
 love we should have one to another.
 What may we expect ta gain by such a
 Jombination of circumstances as those predi
 cted I A glance at the fearless efforts of the
 roble Magyars in the Hungarian struggle foi
 liberty, will present a precedent, if need be,
 ;&gt;oi lentous and fearful. Every intelligent ob
 terver might have perceived during that me
 aorable struggle, there were those among
 he leaders who were jealous, enviously jeal
 mis of each other. Such were determined to
 occupy the highest places themselves, or pre
 rent others, however competent, from doing
 (o. In Gorgey, a spirit of ambition, and de
 evraination to take the lead in the ranks ot
 he great man, both civil and military, was
 ppaiant from the start,
 i lie Hungarian alarm waa given the peo
 rallied; Liberty and Independence war
 lieir watchword. greet men assembler
 t solemn council. Kossuth, Gorgey, Bern,
Dembinsky, and others, formed the tank o
 ttate and army. Kossuth was placed at tiit
 head of civil department; and although Gor
 gey occupied the high rank and trust of com
 mander in chief of the army, he looked a
 Kossuth with an eye of jealousy, desiring t&lt;
 have the sole control of both civil and mililarj
 departments. Time rolled on. The arm;
 entered the field, and victory seemed to awai
 them at every conflict. Onward they marched
 until the proud flag of Hungary was seen t&lt;
 float in the breeze from every hill-top. Unitei
 stood the Hungarians; and, though by far in
 ferior in numbers, they drove proud Austria
 ts sue for redtess at the foreign couit of Rus
 sia. Even this would have been of no avail
 but there was Gorgey, the green-eyed mon
 ater,” more to he dteaded than the terriblt
 arm# of Nicholas. Victoiy followed victory
 the Hungarian prospect brightened; the hep&lt;
 of the people heightened; the great men ha&lt;
 met to determine the conditions of Magya;
 independence. The Genius of Liberty s«
 perched above their deliberations, bearing ti
 her hand the Charter of Redemption. Jui
 at this eventful moment, when all stood wail
 *ng, with fearful suspense, the tidings of th
 last decisive blow, when victory would h
 crowned with final triumph, and Hungar
 stand redeemed among the nations of thi
 earth—-just at this moment, with woundei
 pride from disappointed ambition, Gorgey be
 trays Hungary into the grasp of the enemy
 and Hungary lays prostrate "at the feet of hn
 majesty"— at the feet ol relentless despotism
 Gorgey must rise, though Hungary fall; nay
 Hungary must fall, that Gorgey shall rise
 And may we expect a better fate, unde
 similar circumstances, though our wcapom
 are not carnal, but moral—" mighty \o th«
 tearing down of the stronghold" of oppres
 sion We may not. The thought is fearfu
 to contemplate.
 Now, sir, what I have written to you, ha:
 not been induced from anything, knowingly
 that you have said or done, but predicated a]
 together on the couise pusued by the distin
 guished Mr. Douglass to you, presuming
 only that you have reciprocated t him m the
 Hkftile although generosity compels
 Jm to believe these errors,
 wrong, are tuber errois of the
 the of
 that a sumption, thougfrit mayS
 from an humble and obscuie source, ilßen’-,
 necessarian duce a different course of
 With Bhpliance that the eminence sus
 tained of you, will induce you^kM
 ally to the liberty taken in ildl
 stance, by an humble ind ividua), I am jm jP
 fully your sincere friend in the cause
 and humanity,
 MARTIN R DE^fflY
 Pittsburgh, June lU. 1850.
 Philadelphia, June 17th, 1850.
 .Frederick Douglass I have often
 thought that I should like to converse with
 you on a subject on which we seem to differ
 in opinion very materially; and aware, as I
 am, of the great prejudice that you entertain
 (in common with most of your
 ren, as well as most of the
 with which you associate)
 that I takn a great interest
 lull well that both yo.-ojt's*'' 5
 "'Old .-Me.-iu .1 I v" v
 r A
 'Olh 3111 .if --or^B
 "I’lOi 'I-, und (M .1 i!h v
 cor with these friends in ilumß I
 to ch.uacteri7.; it nine stiongly. jlH'
 you the subject that I wish to presennW'
 k with all your prejudice, is African coloiSl
 lion. Were you a less intelligent man than
 you are, I acknowledge that I should consider
 the task a hopeless one; but I cannot bring my
 mind to believe that Frederick Douglass,
 with his power of judging between cause and
 effect, can fail to see that the elevation of the
 colored man, in any part of the world, must
 have a favorable influence on his race, and
 that the establishment of an independent re
 public of colored men on the west coast of
 Africa, acknowledged by the most powerful
 and the most civilized nations of Europe,
 having commercial intercourse with all parts
 of the civilized world—thus bringing the citi
 zens, through the medium of their commerce,
 into social communication with the citizens of
 every clime, and particular y with the Un ted
 States, as the country from whence they emi
 grated, whoso language they speak, and
 where some of their friends and relations still
 reside—thus appealing directly and powerfully
 to the sense of justice, and alt the nobler feel
 ings of our nature, by proving to what the col
 ored man can attain under favorable circum
 stances, conclusively destroying the only argu
 ment that many honest and good men enter
 tain, that he cannot take care of himself, and
 must therefore be kept in slavery; but also,
 and which perhaps (I am sorry to say it) is
 of more we appealing to the self-interest
 of the whites thn love of gain, which is a
 powerful incentive the American character,
 and so strong in it as to overcome even the
 prejudice of color or caste arising from slavery,
 1 hat this must be the case, and is the case
 already, to some extent, 1 know; and having
 teen the evidence myself—having had oc
 cassiou very often to aid my Liberian friends
 m their purchases, both in this city and New
 s ork, where their money has obtained foy
 them, in many cases, a consideration thar
 iheir color alone would not, and with the in
 crease of Liberia, in the power of her gov
 ernment, and her extended commerce, must
 naturally flow a much greater intereourse.
 Think you not, Mr. Douglass, that the
 man who may be turoeJ out of a railroad car,
 ot is not allowed to get into an omnibus to
 day, on account of his color, should he re
 turn from Africa next year with his camwood,
 his palm oil, or his gold dust, consigned to his
 commission merchant, here, and goes oat
 through our cities to make his purchases, is
 a different man in the estimation of the com
 munity from him who is content to stay here
 and sell old clothes, black boots, or dress
 fine, and drive the young ladies along Broad
 way, or,with their white aprons on, make such
 good servants at our hotels? Which of the two,
 Ist me ask you, Mr. Douglass, is doing most
 for his race, for his brethren in bonds, the
 servant or the boot-black here, or the freeman,
 he farmer or merchant of Liberia 1 I do not
 ask vou to praise the Colonization Society,
 nor to speak well of those who have sustained
 it through all its difficulties and embaras*-
 nents. If it pleases you best, and accord
 with your taste and inclination to impute un
 worthy motives to in it, do
 so. I am very willing,raWhe, to bear my
"
