"}3 oetr j).
For the North Star.
 LINES,
 W ritten to compete for a prize for the beet poem 01
 Slavery, in Spencerrian measure.
 Yout measure Spencereian I mean not to copy,
 ’Tis the dark deeds of Slavery I'd like to portray
 And could I proclaim them, I’d do it most ready,
 To thousands who know not its woes at ibis day.
 How often the hahe from the fond mother’s wrested
 Whose soul with deep anguish and sorrow is torn
 Whilst the brutal offender walks on unmolested,
 And leaves his poor victims in silence to mourn.
 When grief is all spoken, the mind inay feel higher
 But this is denied to the American slave:
 Though bruised and heart-stricken he dares not t&lt;
 murmur—
 His general relief, is release by the grave.
 And there tire man, too, who is titled the liner end
 A title that’s due to the great God alone,
 Possesses his slaves; but, with spirit irreverent,
 O’erlooks then deep sorrows—he’s deaf to the;
 moan:
 Yet stands in the pulpit with words long and holy,
 And preaches obedience to Afric’s poor eons,
 Who’re compelled to submit to the cords hard an
 gory—
 ’Tis galling to think of their horrible wrongs.
 There the wife from tire husband is frequently parted
 Christ did not teach so, to his words I refer,
 Ch ponder, white men, but often steel-hearted,
 The wrongs of the injured you sometime must hear
 Bring it home, then, ye Cnristiant, and give i
 reflection,
 Were your own lovely children from you force
 to go,
 Whose innocent prattle had bound your affection,
 For this is the right way, the true way to know.
 Should a son from old Gaul eail across the wid
 ocean,
 And snatch off your child from its froiiicsome play
 1 know you would feel the most painful emotion;
 And though they arc sable, alike so do they
 Tis mind, and not color that God loves to honor;
 Think not that white skins for black deeds can atone
 Class and title fly off when the death grasp is over
 1 he pomp of this world will leave us alone.
 Mid thp clods of tire valley we will fiud no distinction
 I'he worm roams alike on the white man and slave
 Oh throw down your weapons of painful destruction
 Beware what you’re doing on this side the grave.
 May the souls philanthropic, go ou still to conquer
 But not by the war-cry and deeds of the sword;
 lint the sword of the spirit, the truth of our Savior
 The teachings wc find in his heavenly word.
 There’s a stigma deep stamped on some of ou
 country,
 To know that they crossed o’er the Atlantic sea,
 And took from slave coffers the gold of the blooi
 stained,
 'J’o help up their churches—the church called th
 Freef a. caird.
 Olasgo Scotland.
 From Graham’s Magazine.
 THE GOLD SEEKER.
 EV GRACE GREEN WOOD.
 f was upon a southern desert, and beneath a bttrnini
 sky,
 That a pilgrim to the gold clime sunk, o’erwearied
 down to die!
 He was yw;ng, and fair, and slender, but he bore
 gallant heart—
 Through the march so long and toilsome, he hai
 bravely held bis part.
 H is companions round him gathered, with kind wor&lt;
 and pitying look,
 And in fever-thirst Ire panted, like "the hart fo
 the water brook;”
 While their last cool drops outpouring on his brov
 an I parched lips,
 Sorrowed they to mark his glances growing din
 with death’s eclipse.
 Turning then, and onward passing, left they then
 the dying man,
 l or a weary way to westward still the promisee
 river ran.
 One there was, a comrade faithful, who the longer
 lingered there,
 While he rung his hands in parting, bidding him no;
 not yet despair
 For they would return at morning from the tivei
 ■ranks he said—
 And a silken scarf unfolding, laid it o’er the suffer,
 er’e head;
 Then full often backward glancing, took the weary
 march again,
 Onward pressing towards the waters, gleaming fat
 across the plain.
 Silent iies the one forsaken in this hour of pain
 and fear,
 While their farewells and their footsteps die upon
 his failing ear:
 With the withered turf his couch, ’neatli the binning
 treat of day,
 All u iliearmg and unheeding, for bis soul is far away!
 In the dear home of his childhood, in a pleasant
 northern land,
 He beholds about him smiling the familiar house
 hold hand;
 Sees, jrerchar.ee, tun father coming homeward, thro’
 the twilight gray—
 fastens to his merry brotbsrs, laughing in their
 ibj/BeHr’ childish play—
 Feels the fond arm of his mother, as of old, about
 rip® him thrown.
 And the fair cheek of his sister pressing soft against
 liis own!
 O lie strays amid the moonlight, in a cool and
 shadowy giove,
 'Looking down with earnest glances into eyes that
 look hack love!
 All be'oved tones are cailng sweetly through his
 heart a” a in,
 And its dying pulse is quickened by the phaniomsof
 bis braiu!
 Ami beloved names be murmurs, while bis bosom
 heaves and swells,
 Fur in dreams again lie liveth through his partings
 and farewells!
 Mo.vly sinks the sun—night’s shadows round the
 lonely pilgrim spread—
 W liile the rising night-winds gently lift the light
 scarf from his head,
 And the soft and pitying moonbeams glance upon his
 forelrend fair,
 And the dews of night descending, damp tbc dark
 locks of his hair;
 Cool upon his brow the’re falling—but its fever
 throbs are o’er—
 Aud bis parched lips they moisten, but those lip*
 •hall thirst no more!
 llis companions come at morning—come to look on
 hie dead face—
 Come to lay him to lus grave-rest, in that dreary
 desert place;
 Where the tropic sun glares fiercely on tire wide
 uuelu Itered plain;
 And where |K&gt;ur from darkest heavens, nulling
 floods of winter rain;
 Where ahali come tire wild bird’s screaming, aag
 the whirlwind’s sounding sweep,
 And the tramp ol herded bison shall go thundofind
 O'er his sleep.
 There are piteous sounds of moauing 1* a far-off
 northern home.
 Where o’er childhood’s kindling daws light sudden
 qlouds of dark ties s come—
and a mother's
 There are heard a father sgi
 broken sighs—
 fhere a voiceless sorrow troubleth tbJ* f de P
 of maiden eyes.
 In their fearful dreams at midnight, they bebotJ’ ln&gt;
 left to die,
 With the hard, hot ground beneath him, and above
 a brazen sky—
 In hia fainting, in his thiratiug, in hit pain and
 wild depair.
 Vainly calling 'Mi his dear ones, through the heavy
 desert air!
 Oh, the bitter self-reproaches mingled in the cup
 they drain!
 *b, their poor hearts, pierced and tortured by a
 shat p, remorsefcl pain—
 That they sent their best and dearest from bis home
 love’s sheltering fold.
 In the madness of adventure, on that pilgrimage ot
 gold.
miscellaneous.
From Chambers’ Edinburgh Journal.
 INVENTION OF LITHOGRAPHY.
 Lithography, or the art of printing
 on stone, owes its origin to Germany—
 the country which gave birth to the
 great art of printing with types, and to
 which w* are al 9o indebted for many
 other discoveries of value to mankind.
 The inventor of the lithographic art,
 Aloys Senefelder, was the son of a
 poor actor at Prague, where he was
 born in 177 t. The family having re
 moved to Munich, the young Senefel
 der there received some education, and
 when it became time to think of a
 means of living, he, like many way
 ward youths, resorted to literature as a
 profession; of course with want of suc
 cess—for no man can begin to live all
 at once by authorcraft.
 To add to the mortification of Aloys,
 his father died, leaving a number of
 children; and the only means ol provi
 ding for the wants of his brothers and
 sisters, as well as his own, was to go
 on the stage. With an aching heart,
 and an empty stomach, Aloys persona
 ted courtiers revelling in luxury and
 gaiety. When at the conclusion of en
 tertainments he laid down his fine trap
 pings at the theatre, he retired to a
 miserable home to starve on a crust
 and a pitcher of water. Two years
 were passetktf) this life of privation and
 anxiety. BW although misery, that
 hideous phantom, or rather frightful re
 ality, presented itselfcontinually to the
 eyes of Aloys, poetry came like a con
 soling angel to soothe his griefs, and
 reanimate him with courage and hope.
 For him, as an actor, the theatre had
 lost all its illusions; but he still dreamt
 of rendering his name famous in litera
 ture, and acquiring reputation, which
 some seek even in the cannon’s mouth.
 But how to emerge from obscurity,
 unless his writings are printed? Sen
 efelder cogitated on this, to him, impor
 tant question with conflicting emotions,
 and at last resolved to be his own pub
 lisher, and print with his own hand.
 He was in possession of a few types,
 hut not sufficient for a page, and was
 too poor to purchase a press. No mat
 ter; he could invent, without being
 aware of it, stereotype; and his obser
 vant mind, impelled by necessity, con
 quered the rest.
 The first proceeding to which Aloys
 had recourse consisted in pouring seal
 ing-wax into a soft mould, in which his
 phrases were impressed by means of
 moveable printing types. But the want
 of strength in the tablets thus obtain
 ed, and the impossibility of taking
 proofs even by the slightest pressure,
 determined him on engraving his cher
 ished verses on copper. He had nev
 er handled the burin, and was unac
 quainted with the method of writing in
 reverse, unskilled in modelling writing,
 and unacquainted with nearly every
 process made use of by engravers.
 Still, he persevered, confiding for suc
 cess in his firm resolution.
 He set himself to the work; and hav
 ing coated a copper-plate with a com
 position intended to impede the action
 of acid elsewhere than on the charac
 ters to be written, he traced the first
 few words which would either confirm
 his hopes or destroy them for
 When the plate was finished, he car
 ried it to a printer, and begged him to
 ‘puli’ a proof. What was his joy on
 seeing the impression—imperfect, yet
 full of promise; and, on the other hand,
 with what pain did he efface it to com
 mence a new attempt, viewing with
 alarm the diminishing thickness of the
 plate, which he was unabled to re
 place!
 To produce a new surface, Senefel
 der rubbed the plate with a block of
 stone, which, however, was too course
 to give the requisite polish. Brought
 to a stand by this defect, he remember
 ed having seen in his boyhood on the
 banks of the Isar certain stones which
 he hoped would better effect his pur
 pose, and at once he hastened to the
 spot.
 One idea nearly always leads to
 another: of the sight of the stones,
 which previously had served, only as
 flooring materials, Senefelder concei
 ved the project of making use of them
 tor his writing exercises; and with him
 the thought of an attempt and its exe
 cution were the same thing. He im
 mediately busied himself squaring and
 polishing these Kelheim-stones-so call
 ed from the name of the place where
 they are found; and at length engra
 ved them by the aid of acid, and pre
 pared a suitable ink from wax, soap,
 and lamp black, v'hich enabled him to
 judge of the result of his labor.
 In all this there is nothing particu
 larly remarkable. Senefelder scarce
 ly went out of the beaten track, and
 his progress was slower than it might
 have been had his glyphic and chemi
 cal knowledge been a little more ex.
 tensive. Long before this day men
 had engraved on copper and carved
 stone, but he was the first in Europe to
 conceive and executo the idea of eo
 graving a stone in relief—an ingenious
 and fertile idea, the foundation of lith
 ography, and source of the improve
 ments and perfection which it has
 since experienced. The following is
 Senefelder's account of his discovery:
 *1 had just smoothed a slab of stone
 so as to coat it with gum, and continue
 my attempts at writing in reverse, when
 my mother entered, and asked me to
 write out for bet a list of th« linen she
 bad prepared for the wash; the wash
 erwoman was waiting impatient while
 we looked everywhere for a piece of
 white paper. It to happened that my
whole stock was exhausted, having
 been used for proofs, and my ordinary
 ink was dried up. As there was no
 one in the bouse who could be sent to
 buy what he wanted, I took the notion
 to write the list on the stone which I
 had just levelled, making use of my ink
 composed of wax, soap, and lampblack,
 intending to copy it as soon as some pa
 per was brought. When at length I
 wished to wipe of what was written,
 the idea struck me all at once to see
 what would become of the characters
 traced with my wax-ink, on pouring
 acid over the stone; and also to try
 whether they could not be blackened
 as types or woodcuts are blackened,
 and afterwards printed. The attempts
 that I had already made had acquaint
 ed me with the action of acid relatively
 to the depth and thickness of the incis
 ions, and led me to believe I should not
 be able to produce the letters well in
 relief. However, as the writing was
 coarse enough to resist the acid for a
 time, I went immediatelyto work; and
 surrounding the stone with wax, after
 the manner of copper-plate engravers,
 I poured dilute acid over it to the depth
 of two inches, and left it to stand for
 five minutes. On examining the stone
 at the end of that time, I found the let
 ters in relief about the thickness of a
 card. Some strokes, which probably
 had been written too fins, or not recei
 ved sufficient ink, were slightly in
 jured. The other had lost little or
 nothing of iheir breadth, which gave
 me the hope that writing, well traced,
 could be produced in greater relief.’
 Senefelder then goes on to describe the
 various modes he took to ink the form,
 none of which succeeded until he pre
 pared ‘the lid of a box very level, by
 covering it with thicknesses of cloth.’
 The enterprising artist now fondly
 imagined that the obstacles in the way
 of publishing his poetic thoughts were
 removed: he was impatient to give them
 to the world; but he was poor. He
 has no possessions which could be con
 verted into money the household goods
 belonged to his mother. By and by he
 remembered that to enter the army as
 a substitute for another will assure him
 a bounty of 200 florins, and with this
 sum he can purchase sufficient materi
 al to start a small printing-office.
 Here, again, he was disappointed; his
 Bohemian birth disqualified him for the
 Bavarian service.
 Deprived even of this bitter resource
 Senefelder addressed himself to Mr.
 Gleissner, the court musician, and pro
 posed to print his musical works. The
 proposition was accepted, and M.
 Gleissner, in addition, consented to
 advance a moderate sum, with which
 the struggling Aloys commenced litho
 graphic printing in Munich. Sooh af
 ter, the works of the friendly musician
 were issued from presses also invented
 by Senefelder. A copy of the first book
 was presented to the Elector of Bava
 ria, who, in return sent a hundred
 florins to the new printer.
 The news of his success soon made it
 self heard and the artist’s reputation in
 creased as his labours continued, when
 a rival started up to claim priority ol
 invention, Senefelder's right was how
 ever, satisfactorily established, and he
 was commisioned by M. Steiner, derec
 tor of public instruction, to print a col
 lection of songs and chants for the use
 of schools. The results surpassed the
 expectation of the new pulron. One
 object especially excited his attention—
 a small vignette, placed at the head of
 one of the chants, and which, although
 ill executed, convincingly proved that
 chemical printing would reproduce
 both music and design. Full of the
 idea thus suggested, M. Steiner re
 commended Senefelder to engage the
 services of skillful draughtsmen, so as
 to substitute correct drawings and good
 taste for the rude illustrations generally
 found in popular literature. And from
 this beginning we may date the litho
 graphic designs and sketches now so
 widely diffused.
 Shortly afterwards, having to print a
 book of prayers in italic characters,
 and but little experienced in that style
 of writing, Senefelder succeeded, alter
 numerous trials, in making autograph
 ic ink and paper. Once possessed of
 this double secret, instead of writing
 himself upon the stone, he employed a
 more skilful hand to form the charac
 ters upon the new paper with the new
 ink; and then, by a simple and ingeni
 ous process, he transferred the writing
 from the paper to the stone, and was
 thus enabled to obtain an almost unlim
 ited number of impressions from the
 original; and in this way what has been
 called 'autography' was invented.
 Senefelder wa9 now more than ever
 on the road of discovery; and, as the
 9equei showed, he did not stop until he
 had carried his art to such a pitch of
 perfection, that artists coming after him
 had scarcely added a new process to
 his instructions. ‘I remarked,’ he ob
 serves in his narrative, 'that paper
 written upon with lithographic ink, and
 well dried, when dipped in water with
 which were a few drops of oil, took up
 this oil on all the written portion, while
 the rest of the paper, especially when
 it had been dipped in gum-water, or
 starch-water much diluted, remained
 free of oil. This made me think of
 trying, the effect of paper printed with
 ordinary printing ink. 1 tore a leaf
 from an old book, and passed it through
 a weak solution of gum, and laying it
 on the stone, I took a sponge charged
 with a thin oil colour, and rubbed it all
 over the paper.
 'The printed characters took the
 colour at once, while the paper remain
 ed white. I then placed another white
 sheet above, put under the press, and
 obtained an excellent copy of the print
 ed sheet—although reversed. It would
 be possible by this method to reprint
 old books without great cost or even
 editions of new ones.'
 Here we have evidence that the in
 vention of anastatic printing, which
 was trumpeted as a new and extraor
 dinary discovery a few years since,
 ivas in fact due to Senefelder. It is,
 lowever remarkable, that, being thus
 icquainted with the process of trans
 ferring old impressions, he did not think
 of applying them to the stone. This
 s one of those curious oversight* to
 vbich all men are liable, and for which
 t is not easy to give an explanation.
 Still, the persevering artist went on
 rora trial to trial, from deduction-to
 leduclion, and at last discovered the
 nethod of drawing on atone with
crayons, to engrave without the use ol
 acid and even to execute the earliest
 essays in ebromo-lithography.
 Arrived at this point, Scnefeldei
 could regard his labors with legiti
 mate pride. Chance effected nothing
 for his fame—for chance is a word
 void of signification, invented to con
 ceal our inability to discover the se
 cret connection of effects and causes:
 the artist was inspired only by his ge
 nius and his poverty.
 Being of a generous and communi
 cative disposition, Senefelder revealed
 his processes to learners, who after
 ward* employed their knowledge to
 their master’s detriment. In 1779, tc
 secure himself and those dependent on
 him a share of the profit to be derived
 from his long-continued exertions, he
 associated two of his brothers with
 himself in partnership, and petitioned
 the king, Maximilian Joseph, to confei
 on him the exclusive privilege of litho
 graphic printing. A patent for fifteen
 years had just been made out, when one
 of the chief editors of music in Bavaria
 offered to Aloys a sum of 2000 florins
 if he would teach him his art, and re
 move to Offenbach to establish a litho
 graphic press. The proposals were
 joyfully accepted, and three months la
 ter the new business was in full activ
 ity
 This success led to wider views, ant
 Senefelder was invited to join in i
 scheme for the simultaneous introduc
 tion of lithography into the four princi
 pal capitals of* Europe. In further
 ance of this scheme he visited London
 bnt left England after a short stay
 without having accomplished his ob
 ject.
 From this period Senefelder appears
 to have been engaged in a series o
 speculations more or less unfortunate
 We find him again at Offenbach, ther
 at Vienna, afterwards at Pottendorf
 where he successfully applied his in
 vention to the printing of cottons, ant
 began to dream of fortune, when Na
 poleon’s continental system came tc
 prevent its realization. He returnee
 to Munich, and found that his brother!
 had sold their business for an annua
 pensiqp of 700 florins. The govern
 ment refused to confirm the privilege!
 of his patent; but eventually, consid
 ering his merits, and the benefits tha
 had accrued from his invention, the)
 (1810) appointed him inspector of lith
 ography) with an annual salary of fif
 teen hundred florins. Senefelder hat
 not forgotten his first friend Gleisner;
 and impelled by a feeling of gratitude,
 solicited and obtained for him a com
 j f irtable post in ope of the governmenl
 offices.
 Thus tranquil as to the future, Sen
 efelder married; but his wife died soon
 after'their union. He waited thret
 years, and chose another—one ever)
 way qualified to become the compan
 ion of a man of genius. In 1819 he went
 to Paris with another invention: a sorl
 of pasteboard, intended to supersede
 the heavy stones required in lithgraph
 ic priming. Not finding it answer, he
 adopted plates of zinc, with which sr
 much has subsequently been effected,
 Alter a lime he returned to Bavaria,
 living tranquilly on the salary attach
 ed to his office, and occupying him
 self in painting, in which he obtainec
 considerable skill. He was thus en
 gaged when disease overtook him; he
 became blind, and died in 1834, leav
 ing a widow and a son to inherit his
 fame.
 Senefelder affords an interesting ex
 ample of what may be accomplished
 by persevering thought and industry.
 He possessed great kindness of heart,
 and his integrity wasunimpeachable.
 His artist-feeling was vivid and pow
 erjkfcand to this cause may be traced
 tjaHilure of his commercial specula
 (iMm he thought more of excellence ol
 work than reward. A bust to his
 memory stands among the other sculp
 tured worthies of the magnificent Wtm
 halla of Munich.
Affected Dignity. —There is a
 waif—floating about in the sea of print,
 without an owner—which is as full of
 truth as an egg is of meat: The best'
 proof of a vulgar man is to be found in
 the quantity of dignity that he wraps
 himself up in.—ln the opinion of such'
 men, the only way to set a proper value
 on yourself, is to treat with contempt
 every body else. Such men are gen
 erally rich and very ignorant. The
 biggest feeling man we ever knew was
 a swelling blockhead, who imagined
 that the tragedy of Hamlet was written
 by Damon and Pythias, and who could'
 not tell, without consulting his vade
 mecutn, whether Shakspeare was the
 author of or'Macbeth was the
 author of Smmspeare. As a geifteral
 thing, your dignified men are great
 asses. They keep at a distance, that
 their neighbors may not discover what
 counterfeits they are. Across the
 street, a galvanic watch appears to be
 bullion. Men are like ships—the more
 they contain, the lower they c#ry their
 heads.
There is one circumstance I would
 preach up, morning, noon, and night,
 to young persons, for the management
 of their understanding. Whatever you
 are from nature, keep toil; never de
 sert your ownjine of talent. If Pro
 vidence only intended you to write
 posies for rings, or mottoes for twelfth
 cakes keep to posies and mottoes; a
 good motto for a twelfth-cake is moye
 respectable than a villainous epic poem
 in twelve books. Be what nature in
 tended you for, and you will succeed;
 be anything else, and you will be ten
 thousand times worse than nothing.—
 Sydney Smith.
ICP The friends of Col. Benton, in
 Missouri, steadily refuse inform any
 connection with the of
 the party—preferring defeat by them
 selves to success with such a union.
 We like their spirit, and whetlpr they
 succeed or not, theircourse must event
 uate in the complete overthrow of the
 nullification party in Missouri.
 Slaves Liberated— made rich. —Mrs. Sa
 bra, relict ofUie late William Brown, died ai
 her residence in this county, a few miles from
 Brunswick, m Friday night the 3d instant,
 at the advanced age of some 75 years. By
 her demise sixteen or seventeen slaves are
 free and become the heirs of the eatate and
 plantation, and in such a way we learn, that
 they can never alienate the land.—Bruns
 wicker. I
TUtoertisemente.
Asylum for Ike Sick.
 DR. HAMILTON’S Hydropathic and Analytic
 Asylum, No 217 Exchange Street, opposite the
 Orphan Asylum. Rochester, N.Y. This Institution
 is now firmly established and in successful opera
 tion. The proprietor analyses every diseat e:hat is
 admitted there, and applies the natural and appro
 priate remedy. Although water is uaed in every way
 that is applied iu any water-cure establishment in
 the United States, yet the proprietor wishes it to he
 expressly understood tliat it is not relied on as the only
 or principal i emedy in the treatment of disease sub
 mitted to his care.
 This Establishment is designed for that class of
 invalids who have foiled to obtain their health by all
 other systems af practice, ami are still unable to
 walk or stand on their feet, and are confined to their
 beds, wearing out a life of misery and suffering with
 out any hope ofeeer being any better.
 The remedies made use of in this Institution not
 only entirely remove disease hut give increased
 strength and elasticity to the system. Many have j
 been brought here from different parts of tlie coun-:
 try, who had neither walked or borne tlicir weight
 on their feet from five to fifteen years; and some j
 who have been unable to dress or undress, or even
 to feed themselves, and in the course of a few weeks
 would be walking with the elasticity of youth and
 the quickness of a pedestrian, astonished at them
 •elves, and surprising their friends and all who saw' l
 them when they first came. Tlie treatment of this
 Institution is particularly calculated to remove the
 diseases peculiar to females, such as
 Ist. The foiling of the Womb, in all its stages
 and conditions in pat ients, from twelve years of age
 up to sixty, and even if they have been confined to 1
 their beds from one to twenty, unable to stand, walk,
 dress, or undress themselves, or even too feeble to
 bear any noise or speak aloud.
 2d. Weakness and Falling of the Rowels; Pain
 ;n|tbe Side, Shoulders, Back and Head- Spinal
 Diseases, Liver Complaints, Sinking Sensation at
 the Stomach, Palpitation ol the Heart, Dyspepsia
 all its forma and stages, Piles, Costiveness, I)i
 arrlicea, Suppression of the Menses, Excessive j
 Menstruation, Whites, all Nervous Diseases, Cold
 Feet and Hands, St. Anthony’s Dance, Tetters of!
 all kinds, Salt Klieuir., in its woist forms, Neural
 gra, Tic Douloureux, Rheumatism, Consumptiod in j
 its first stages, General Weakness and Debility.
 The proprietor has given Ids whole attention to
 tlie above diseases for the last len years, and hat
 treated them in an entirely different way from any
 other private practice or public Institution in this
 and such has lieen his success, and so cer-
 his remedies in their effects on those dis
 i eases, that instead of publishing a long list of cer
 j tified cures, he wishes to give that class pf invalids;
 seeking to obtain their health a sufficient guarantee
 against any false pretensions, exaggeration, impo
 sition or deception, so that no one need be to any I
 expense in this Institution without being banefiteil
 The proprietor will enter into a special contr.ic.
 with any one who wishes to do so, that he will ad
 mit into the Institution, to advance the money and
 wvy all the expenses from any part of the United
 States here and back home again, before be com
 mences the treatment, and give a bond to lioard tliem,
 together with his professional services, for nothing, j
 if he does not help them according to contract. Ar.y
 one thinking the above proposition not a sufficient
 guarantee against inisiepiemulations and expense
 without receiving equal lienefit, can let the pmorie-,
 tor know what wil. I*e satisfactory, and it shill be
 duly considered. i
 This Institution has grown up from private prac-f
 tice by tiie influence of those who have been helped!
 here, as nothing has ever lieen published hefore7|
 and tlie proprietor means that it shall sustain itsel.!
 by its own merits, or pay the exjiensq of those who
 choose to make a contract in case of failure. The
 design of this Circular is not to make known the
 cures that have been made in this institution, because
 they must soon be bdieved; but lo let it be mor I
 i extensively known to tlie poor suffering invalids j
 j (hat have spent hundreds of dollars in trying all;
 oilier systems of practice, and without much or any
 lienefit,and still remain confined to tlieir beds from
 five to twenty years, that there is an Institution 1
 whose treatment is different from any other one tlie i
 United States, and is particularly adapted to tlieir
 situation, and can have it cost them nothing unless
 they art* materially benefited.
 From the nature of treatment in this Institution,
 the nninber of patients must be limited, therefore tlif.
 proprietor does net solicit the patronage of slight and
 ordinary rases which may he easily helped by other
 systems of practice; nor does he want any one to
 cotne, unless they wish to get well, and are willing
 lo Ire made well enough to walk from five to t went-,
 miles at a time, and follow it up day after day iu
 succession; and also willing to be made able to en
 dure as much labor and fatigue as most of people
 that calj themselves well, as he means that every
 1 one that goes through a thorough course of treatment
 in the Analytic Institution shall show by their in
 creased strength, elasticity of motion, firmness oi|
 1 texture, capability of endurance, and improved
 health, that tlie treatment iu this Institution is found
 ed on the natural lawi of organised matter, and
 consequently its superiority over every other dif
 ferent system of practice.
 All communications addressed to Dr. THOMAS
 HAMILTON, Rochester, post paid, will receive
 immediate attention. If requested, reference will
 tie made to those who lave been helped in this Insti
 j tution and also good references as to responsibility
 1 orthe proprietor to meet the above expenses if, 1
 Ti* 1 m
 ATHOL H ATER CURE.
 THE Subscriber begs leave to call tie attention
 of Invalids, especially those suffering from
 chronic disease, to his hydropathic establishment in
 Athol, Mass.
 His house was opened for the reception of patients
 past season, and it is believed offers excellent focili
 j dies for a philosophic and thorough course in hydro
 pathy. The supply of water is abundant, and in
 purity has been pronounced equal to water on a
 blistiiled.” The location is quite eligible, being but
 a short distance from the V. &amp;M. railroad. The
 vicinity abounds in a variety of scenery, and has
 charming grounds fur walks and rambles. So that
 with the water, suitable regimen, mountain air, and
 exercise, patients can scarcely fail to obtain the
 healthful results for which they labor.
 Tlie following case illustrates this remark. Mrs.
 8., wife of Dea. 8., of Warwick, Mass., aged
 about thirty-five years, was brought to me last
 August. Her case presented the following pheno
 mena. If placed in an erect position, and left un
 supported, she forthwith fell backward to the
 ground. If being well supported, she made an
 effort to walk, either foot, when carried forward,
 despite her efforts to the contrary, would cross the
 other. She had been in this condition nearly a
 year. Her treatment commenced the 16th of Sept.,
 an&lt;l was continued to the 25th Oct. only, when she
 left, so for recovered as to be able to walk half a
 mile with ease. Since her return to her family, shel
 has continued lier baths, with corresponding iin
 hrovement to her health. She now attends to her
 aomestic duties, and with the assistance of a small
 girl, does the work of her family.
 pePatients are desired to tiring three comfortables,
 don pair of woollen blankets, one pair of sheets,
 a.lf dozen towels marked, with old linen for
 buildup-
 Ter lift. from five to ten dollars per week, accord
 ing to tlie necessities or choice of tlie patients.
 Those who are less particular in tlie selection ol
 rooms, or are willing to occupy them in common
 wUhotbers, will be charged less.
 Afool, March, 1848. GEORGE HOYT.
Free Labor Goods.
 R/TANUFACTURED by the American Free Pro
 "A duce Association, ami for sale at No. 21, North
 Fifth-street, Philadelphia:
 Manchester Ginghams; Checks, Apron |tad Fur
 niture; Canton Flannel, unbleacjtedi dflkusli.t,
 bleached 'aid unbleached, of various qualities and’
 width; thin Muslin for linings, brown and colored!
 Bird Eye Towels; black and white WaddingJ
 Cottot Laps; Lamp Wick; Bed Ticking, an
 cellent article; Calico, Stockings, Knitting CottonC
 file. kc. i
 Orders for Goods, or letters desiring information,
 may be addressed to J. Miller McKim, 31, Norttj
 Fifth-street; Daniel L. Miller, Tenth-street; or to
 James Mott, No. 36, Church Alley#
 A large and handsome assortment of Prints now
 on hand. jul—tf
Colored Sailors’ Bone,
 330, Pearl Street, New York.
 FRIENDS of the ulave, and strangers on a visit 1
 to New York, can now be accommodated with
 as good Board, and at as low a price as in any other
 iHHise in the city. The house is large and con
 venient; will hold comfortably seventy persons.
 Families can have private rooms, and every atten
 tion paid to their comfort. WM. p. POWELL.*
 May 11 ,1849
Palmer’s Artificial Ley.
 THIS entirely new, beautiful, ami eminently ser-l
 vicable limb, which has received the highest"
 awards and most hearty testimonials of aU the'
 principal scientific institutions and surgeons ot
 hospitals in this tountry, in addition to those who
 have used the limb, as being in every respect supe
 rior to any limb ever before invented in Eurotie or
 America, is now manufactured in Spnngfidd, Mast.,
 by Messrs. Palmer, Cvrrikk fit Hudson.
 They worraa. (Mai satis! action
 urniscn.
 Drs. Hamilton and Sriiovi, of Buffalo.
 Dr. Gaesqn, Batavia.
 Drs. Webster and Moore, Rochester.
 Dr. Potter, Gorham, (who wears one.)
 Dr. Hough, Syracuse, sepU-6m
HalsteA’s Eclectic Metical Institute,
 ait Water-rare EstabllshHeat.
 THIS Institution has been in successful operation
 during fourteen years, for the cure of all Chronic
 Diseases, and such as cannot be removed by medi
 cine dlone,
 MORE THAN THREE THOUSAND Pa
 tients have been restored to health and usefulness
 by the treatment pursued at this Institution, who
 could not find relief by any other course of medi
 cine. Hundreds who had been confined to their
 beds for years, and who were almost in despair,
 have had renewed hope and courage when they have
 learned that others, laboring under as many discour
 agements as the in‘•elves, have been cured by this
 treatment after everything else had foiled.
 Those who are laboring under CHRONIC, NER
 VOUS, or SPINAL difficulties, CURVATURES,
 Ac., which produce symptoms of almost all other
 diseases, with their accompaniments—as DYS
 PEPSIA,RHEUMATISM,NEURALGIA, COS
 TIVENESS, LOSS OF THE USE OF THE
 LIMBS, NUMBNESS, LOW SPIRITS, PAR
 TIAL INSANITY, and a host of otlier diseases
 arising from the same cause—SPINAL WEAK
 NESS, which they nor their physicians understand,
 and which medicine alone will not cure—to surh
 sufferers we would say, we are curing hundreds just
 like you every year. Physicians bring their wives
 and children to have them cured—why not come
 yourselves, and save life, time and money I
 We are using water in all the various ways in
 which it is applied in water-cure establishments; yet
 we do not rely selely upon it, or upon medicines as
 they are generally understood and applied; hut a
 COMBINED TREATMENT WITH K V ECTRICITY,
 and a new mode of application which truly is magi
 cal in its efficacy, and is always sure to cure, in one
 half the time it takes under any other treatment,
 allowing that treatment to be successful, which is not
 tlie case one time in ten.
 Female Diseases. —Prolapsus oteri (falling
 of the womb,) Leucorrhea, [whites] suppressed and
 excessive menstruation, the diseases incident to
 that period known as the turn of life’—involuntary
 discharge of urine and injuries from Childliearing,
 which are more frequent than Physicians are willing
 to acknowledge, especially within tlieir own practice.
 Females frequently suffer for years ftorn the disease?
 incident to (heir sex, and linger out a life of help
 lessness and pain, when a few weeks’ or at most a
 few months’treatment, would remove their difficulties
 and restore them to their families, w ith health to
 labor, to enjoy themselves, and to contribute to the
 happiness of others. This has never failed to be
 accomplished in a single instance in this Institution,
 however weak and helpless tlie patient may have
 been on entering it. Many have come iiuudreds of
 miles on beds, in easy chairs, by boat, by carriage
 and railroad, who had not walked for years, 't hese
 ladies have walked miles daily before leaving the
 Institution.
 Such is OUT knowledge and confidence in this unpar
 alelled treatment for all long standing or Chronic dis
 eases, of whatever kind or nature, that ter mil ofer the
 following
 PROPOSITION
 We will enter into a special u rh
 ■it liter the
 o- ,’i^
 tiling
 the InrtU lodge and
 give them our professional setif
 they are not helped according to his it is
 hoped will put a stop to cries of empyricism from
 those interested in keeping patients under their own
 charge, and w ill lie a guarantee to those worn out
 by disease, who have spent much of their substance
 in procuring medicine, and seeking relief, without
 finding uj that lierc they will not spend their money
 without nenefit, and that no false statements or im
 positions will be practiced upon them.
 The modus' perandi of curing f emale difficulties u
 a new discovery aud practised only at tbs Institution.
 The meet helpless and feeble casts, who have ben cm
 fined far years, are relieved immediately, and if not pre
 vented from walking by other diseases, can go ud
 and down stairs m 48 hours after commencing treatment,
 without fear or trouble in regard to their original dif
 ficulty. To product this almost instarUaueoint relief,
 the patient is subjected to -.o pain or inconvenience, and
 in every tqi,'ar*c&lt; a speedy cure is performed. If any
 one doubts let them select the most trying and diffi
 cult case they can and test our veracity and sbtl.
 Our terms are i«).
 N. B.—Auy ooe wishing to know more about our
 system of treatment for Lung diseases or any other
 difficulty can address for [post paid] and we will
 send them aMccount of tbe Institution—Certificates
 of cure—official report of last year, &amp;c., free oi
 charge—together with the most respectable refer
 ences in tlie city and country,
 P- S.—Our room i? limited, therefore we want
 none to apply that can he cured at home. We pride
 ourselves in curing what others are not fortunate
 enough to do.
 Communications should be addressed to Ha IST Eli
 Hall, Medical Institute, Rochester, N. Y., post
 paid.
 P,E?ERENe«ra.—Joseph Field Ex-Mayor, and
 Rev. G. W. Montgomery, Rocliester, N. Y.
 JOHN D. REVALEON, Hair Cutting Saloon
 and Perfumery Emporium, 114, Blackstone-s
 FREE^^^MjPrORE.
 \[EW GOODR jfiMjmred. General reductioi
 it in prices.
 New styles of Pfciiftts of n3Km quality, usual width.
 Fine and wide Ttper MimUns. Abo Cokret
 Cambrics.
 Curtain Calico. Superior fine Chintz Umbrellas
 Oil Cloths,
 Satinets, gooAmpd cheap. Also on hand, mostly s«i
 reduced prlWs Ginghams various qualities am
 styles.
 Fine and heavy Shirting, Sheetings, and Pillow
 Muslim),
 Striped Cambrics. Fine 6-4 Plaid Mus
 Muslin de Laine, plain and neatly figured
 Linens, war ranted free from cotton.
 price law. CanloinHßK
 Table ef different styles.
 AproqgHLFuniiture Check. Cotton Handkerchiefs.
 Pantaloon Stuffs.’ Also Linen
 Drilling Ac.
 Long and half Hose, fine and heavy.
 Knitting Cotton, various Nos., bleached, brown,and
 colored.
 adding white and colored Cotton Laps. Also,
 Refined Loaf Crushed and Pulverized Sugar.
 Brown Sugar good quality, of various grades-
 The whole stock exclusively Free Labor Goodfc,
 to which the Subscriber would invite the attention
 ol country merchants as well as his friends and tbe
 public generally.
 Much pains is taken by the Managers of Ibe Free
 Produce Association, to assist the Subscriber to en
 large the assortment from time to time.
 GEORGE W. TAYLOR,
 Northwest corner Fifth and Cherry-sts
 Philadelphia 2d mo. Ist, 1848. tf
JUST PUBLISHED and for sale at the office oi
 of the Anti Slavery Standard
 The Legion of Liberty and Force of Truth It h
 edition.
 This work contains about 230 pages of close
 reading; 300 eminent authorities, and about sixty
 illustrative engravings. Price 374 cts. in muslin,
 and 25 cents in paper covers. A veiy liberal dis
 count to those who purchase a number of copies.
 The Condition, In Hue nee Rights and Appeal oi
 Women from various authors, 12J cents.
 Letter to the People of tbe United States touching
 the Matter of Slavery. By Theodore Parker.—
 pp. 120. Price 184 cents.
 Wm. W. -Brown’s Lecture before the Female A S.
 Society of Salem Mass. Reported by H. M.
 Paikhurst, Boston.—pp. 22. Price 5 cents.
Anti-SlaYcry Office?
 No. 31, North Fifth Street, Philadelphia.
 A FULL assortment of snti-slavery publication
 is kept constantly on hand. .Also a handeom
 variety of miscellaneous publications, and useru
 and Fancy Stationery.
 All letters relating to the business of tbe office
 to be directed to J. Miller McKim, 31, North
 Fifth-street, Philadelphia. jut—tf
“Every iHan his own Physician.”
 THE HOME DOCTOR.
 JUST PUBLISHED, a new and valuable book
 for every family in the country, and one tliat may
 be consulted with perfect safety. As its litfe page
 indicates, it is “THE HOME DOCTOR, or Family
 Manual, giving the causes, symptoms and treatment
 of Diseases; with an account of the system while in
 health, and rules for preserving that state. Appen
 ded to which are recipes for making various medi
 cines and articles for diet for tbe sick room. Tlie
 whole written for general use and daily[practice, by
 Join) B. Newman, M. D.”
 Also, accompanying this, book, or stearate, is
 “THE HERB BOOK, a book devoted exclusively
 to Herbs, giving their names, varieties,description,
 medical properties and doses, use, time of gathering,
 and many other directions very useful for every fam
 ily to know, and written expressly for fomily use.”
 The Herb Book is devoted solely to Popular Mtd
 cal Botany, and will furnish on that point ail the
 nesired information wanted for general ufie
 The two books are put up and bound together and
 contain 200 pages, pnoe 25 cents, or sold separate
 at 124 cents.
 The symptoms of each disease are carefully given
 so 1 .tat one may be recognized from another, to pre
 vent practising iu the dark; also the treatment, a
 sketch of general physiology, aad raise for keeping
 in health, together with observations am tlieir causes,
 means of avoiding deleterious influences, and such
 other remarks as are deemed both
 mmit and female.
TW b«&gt;ok has been written with great care, fc
 plain, simple, common-**nee style easily to be «a
 derstood by every person, and by a practical phvsi
 cian aada through botanist. We can rrrnmmsjd
 w h fmt,Tr &lt;*«Wenre,», being a work superior
 in aU reaped* to any other hook of the kind mr
 puldislied at the price.
 Families in the country, and especially those liv
 ing in new countries and unhealthy climates, should
 not tail to procure a copy and huve it at all tiai at
 hand, in ra«e of sickness as they might thereby by
 m.me simple remedy save an expensive and protrac
 ted doctors bill. Whether well or sick, such a boob
 should he in every boose as a sale and sure advise*
 in lime of need, the direction given for persona in
 health cannot be ton strictly attended m by all.
 The price at which the book is sold it «o low that
 every family may have a copy, ami none should bn
 without it,
 Tlie book is pm up in Paper binding, ami &lt;aa
 easily he sent by mail. Postage only cents to any
 start of the United States.
 QCP Any person sending us ont dollar bv mail, and
 pnd paying postage on the fetter, shall have four
 copica seut bun free tf postage.
 SfouG in your orderaa, there is no risk in vending
 money by mail, it comes to us daily, and tbe book*
 always reach th"V destination.
 Ofj- Four families can club together and send a
 dollar bill, and have four books sent to one address.
 WANTED—Agents in most of the States to sell
 this work, almost every family will purchase it il
 carried to their door*. A small capital of from fM
 to $5O will lie necessary for each agent. Address.
 vast paid, GEO. W. FISHER,
 April 1,1819. 6 Exchange-st, Rocliester. N. Y
UNPARALLED IN THE HISTOEY OP
 il MEDICINE
 I AS TH E MOST
 Remarkable External ApplicttUi
 Ever Discovered!
 TIME and experience have fully proved that this
 UNIVERSAL REMEDY has not its equal
 OR the fist of popular medicines, having been before
 tlie public for more than fourteen years. Testimo
 ny of the most disinterested character of its won
 dertul effects on the animal economy is almo.M daily
 presented to the proprietor. It is worthy of spe
 cial remark, that beside the great and extraordinary
 powers in tbe cure of
 DISEASES OP THE HORSE,
 I in which its virtues first attracted the attention of
 the Farrier and Fanner, and the wonder of the
 public generally, it has been successfully employed
 i in a great variety of the maladies which
 AFFLICT THE HUMAN RACE
 Ignorance of facts and philosophy, start at the
 assertion that any one remedy can possess within
 itself the virtue of curing many disease*. Experi
 ence of more than fourteen rear* haa nevertheless
 established the fact, that Merchant’? Celebrated
 GargUng Oil, or Universal Family Embrocation,
 will cure moat eases and relieve sunk as the follow
 ing, among many others in t|i9 cure of which this
 Oil has tieeii completely .uccessful and in which oib
 cr pretended remedies have completely foiled:
 RHEUMATISM, PAINFUL NERVOUS AF
 feugions, Bites of Animals, Frost Rite*, Corns,
 Boils, Whitlows, Asthma, Brui'x, Burns,
 hnd Scalds, Tramps, Strain*, Sprains,
 Ulcers from local causes, Caked
 Breasts, Contractions of the mus
 cles,Wounds, Swellings, lie.
 Also a host of diseases
 in Horses and other
 animals,suck as
 SPAVINS
 Sweeney,
 RINGBONE,
 Wimignll, Poll Evil,
 Callous „Cracked Heels,
 Galls of all kinds.
 Fresh Wouads, Bruises,
 Fistula, ffiMagi, Strains,AdHpness,
 Sand Cracks, Foundered ratchet.
 OR GREASE, M.i
 NiiIIM I UUS HI- t
 jJBr E,
 jgg
 M
 jgj v'
 i jH
 ail*

 'll J ,&lt;■Jf
 V s t-e
 s -V
 "vfl H
 i would also recommend athuge
 as a safe and powerful tliere is no
 general fever in all the above diseases, to be used
 treely, and to counteract inflammation in a rein ark
 -1 able manner. In bruised wounds it prevents swell
 ing, and consequent soreness in hot weather.
 From the peculiar nature of this Oil, and the
 unparalleled success it has met with in the hands of
 i the FARRIER, FARMER and STAGE PRO
 PRIETOR, it is but justice to say, that of the
 great number of medicines which have been offered,
 i none have been so well adapted to the prompt cure
 of Diseases to which Horses are liable; it has been
 very justly called a Complete Panacea for tbe Horae
 For instance, read the lollowing:
 TO OWNERS OF HORSES.
 This is to certify that I have had for many y mn t ie
 care of from one hundred to two hundred horses,
 and have made use ef Merchant’s Gargling Oil for
 j two years past, and can safely say, that for all the
 diseases that horses are liable to, I never saw iu
 equal. I use about one bottle per month, and re
 eommend it to tbe public as the best medicine for
 ihoues now in use. ED MINOR.
 All orders midressed to the proprietor will be
 promptly respmded to.
 Get a pamphlet of the Agent, and see what won
 foerS are accomplished by the use of this medicine.
 Sold by respectable dealers generally in the Uni
 ted States and Canada.
 1 Also by Post Willis, Wm. Pitkin, L. B.
 Swan, Winslow A Young, H. D. Wad*
 Rochester,.
 H E Gaylord, Henderson A Pander son, Cleve;
 land, O.; G Ding A Son, Columbus, O.; Gordon
 A Israel, Cincinnati, O.; McClure A Co, Albany;
 Hollister Co, Buffalo; Greenman A Smith, Util
 ca; P D Orris Co, Troy, NY. July 13— 6mj
 British Periodical Literature.
 The London Quarterly Review, the Edinburgh Review
 The North British fvevtru’, the Westminster Review,
 aud Blackwood's Edinburgh Mu&amp;axine.
 fFHE wide-spread fame of these splendid periodij
 X cals renders it needless to say much iu tlieir praise'
 As literary organs, they stand for in advance ot
 anything of the sort now published, while the polit
 ical complexion of each is marked by a dignity,
 candor, and forbearance, not often found iu work*
 of a party character.
 They embrace the views oi the three great parties
 in England—Tory, Whig, and Radical. Black
 wood and the London tjuarterly are Tory; the
 Edinburgh Review Whig; and the Westmin
 ster Review Radical. The North British Re
 view is more of a religious character, having buAs
 originally edited by Dr. Chalmers, and now, since
 his death, being conducted by his son-ib-law, Dr.
 Hanna, associated with Sir David Brewster. Its
 literary character is of the very highest order. The
 Westminster, though reprinted uuder that title only,
 is publiseed in England under the title of The For
 eign Quarterly and Westminster—it being i n fact a
 union of tbe two Reviews formerly republished and
 reprinted under separate titles. It has, therefore,
 tlie advantage by this combination of uniting it, one
 work the best features of both as heretofore issued.
 The above Periodicals are reprinted in New York,
 immediately on tlieir arrival by the British steamers!
 in a beautitul clear type, on fine white paper, and
 are faithful copies of the originals, Blackwood’s
 Magazine, being an exact/ac-ria.&amp;of the Edinburgh
 edition.
 PRICES FOE 1849, (if SUBSCRIBED FOE EARLY
 For any one of the four Reviews, $3 00 per annum
 For any two d Q 6 00
 For any three do 7 00
 For all four of the Reviews, 8 00
 For Blackwood’s Magazine, 3 00
 For B ackwood and the S Reviews, 900
 For Blackwood A the 4 Reviews, 10 00
 Payments to be made in all eases in advance
 _ CLUBBING.
 Four copies of any or all the above works will
 sent to one address on payment of the regular sue
 scription for three—the fourth copy being gratis.
 EARLY COPIES.
 A fete arrangement with toe British publishers of
 Blackwood’s Majpuee secures to us early sheets eg
 that work, by which we shall he able to place the
 entire number in the hands of subscribers before any
 portion of it can be reprinted in nay of the American
 Journals- For this ami other advantage, secwsdto
 our subscribers we pay so large a consideration, that
 w rm e l*»o* of dm Msgw

 aad communications ahouU always
 7lh^Fukao Streei, Mew York,
"
