"The NORTH STAR is published every
 Thursday, at No. 25, Buffa’o Street,
 (Oppositethe Arcade.)
FREDERICK DOUGLASS, Editor.
TERMS
Two dollars per annum, always in advance. No
 subscription will be received for a less term than
 six months.
Advertisements not exceeding ten lines inserted
 three times lor one dollar; every subsequent inser
 tion, twenty-five cents.
The object of the North Star will be to abolish
 in all its forms and aspects; advocate
 Universal Emancipation exalt the standard
 of public morality, promole the moral and intellec
 tual improvement ol the Colored People; and
 hasten the day of FREEDOM to the Three
 Millions of our enslaved fellow countrymen.
PUBLISHER'S NOTICES.
 All communications relating to theti«inMs
 matters oi the paper, names of subscribers, remit
 tances, &amp;c., should be addressed to Frederick
 Douglass, Editor, Rochester, N. Y.
 Agents, and all others sending names, are
 requested to be accurate, and to give the Post office,
 the County, and the State. Each Subscriber is im
 mediately credited for money received.
 #3- Any person sending in payment for four sub
 scribers, to be forwarded to one address, may
 have a fifth copy for one year*
 (jt3* All letters and communications must be post
 paid.
LIST OF AGENTS.
 Massachusetts. —R.fc VVallcut, 21, Cornhill,
 Bo3toa; Nathan Johnson, New Bedford; Horatio
 W. Foster, i .oweil; James N. BufTuin, Lynn;
 l’k... jiui&lt; Cyrus Bradbury,
 Northampton'.
Connecticut. —Jabez Cogswell, Brookfield.
 New York. —Sydney H. Gay, 142, Nassau
 Street; William Harned, Anli»Slavery Office, 61,
 John Street; John J. Zuille, 48, Watts Street;
 Joseph Post, VVestbury, Queen County; Mary
 Harper, Albany, Elias Doty, Macedon; Wil
 letts Keese, Peru, Clinton County; J. F. Platt,
 Penn Yan; J. Jeffrey, Geneva; E. L. Platt, Bath.
 Rhode Island.— Amarancy Paine,Providence.
 Pennsylvania. J. M. M’Kim, 31, North
 Fifth Street, Philadelphia; Joseph C. Bustill, 149,
 So. Sixth Street, Do.; B. Bown,Pittsburgh; Wm.
 Whipper, Columbia; Milo A. Townsend, New
 Brighton
 Ohio. —J. J. Gaines, Cincinnati; Chares
 Hand, Harveysburgh,Clinton Co; Samuel Brookle,
 Salem D. Huntingdon, Chardon, Geauga Co.;
 Hugh Hamilton, Lowellville, Mahoning County;
 J. D. Patterson, Ur'iana, Champaign county.
 Michigan. —Robert Banks, Detroit.
 Illinois. Hemy O, Waggoner, Chicago;
 Marshall Hayward, Richmond, M’Henry Co.
 lowa. —Alexander Clark, Muscatine.
 Canada. —John James Carey, Toronto.
WILLIAM B. CLOUGH, PRINTER.
Selections.
ABOLITION OF SLAVERY IN NEW
 ENGLAND,
BY HENRY WARD BEECHER.
The slavery in New England never
 was the Slavery of the South. The
 slavery of the South in our day, adopts
 the Roman civil law as the basis of its
 code. This law is briefly explained,
 and the fact of its adoption (with some
 modifications toward severity rather
 than lenity) in the Southern States is,
 stated by the Court of South Caroli
 na:
“A master made a devise to trus
 tees,. for the benefit of his slave Bet
 sey and her children. Devise held to
 be yoid Per Cun. ‘The condition of
 slaves in this country is analogous to
 that of the ancient Greeks and Ro
 mans, and not that of the feudal times.
 They are considered not as persons
 but as things. They can be sold or
 transferred as goods or persona! estate
 they are held to be pro nullis, pro inor
 tuis. By the civil law, slaves could not
 take property by decent or purchase;
 and I apprehend this to be the law of
 this country.”—[Dess. Rep. iv. 286.
 South Carolina as quoted by Judge
 Jay, to whose writings, and to Stroud’s
 Sketches of the Laws relating to Sla
 very, I am chiefly indebted for the le
 gal references of this article.]
 Now, New England never held a
 slave on the basis of the Roman civil
 law; but under a law which was ex
 pressly enacted for the benefit of the
 slave, and for the ultimate destruction
 of slavery, viz. the Hebrew law of Sla
 very.
As early as 1641, the following law
 was passed by the General Court of
 Massachusetts:—
“It is ordered by this Court and
 the authority thereof that there shall
 never be any bond slavery, villenage,
 or captivity among us, unless it be
 lawful captives taken in just war,
 (such) as willingly sell themselves or
 or are sold to us; and such shall have
 the liberties and Christian usage
 which the law of God, established in
 Israel, concerning such persons mor
 tally require.”
 The Roman civil code and the He
 brew code are not only different, but
 the difference is such that the one will
 make slavery utter and fatal, and the
 other will alleviate it, make it less and
 less valuable to the master, and cer
 tainly abolish it, under the appearance
 of regulating it.
 Connecticut seems to have had the
 largest number of slaves of any New
 England State.—ln 1790, when Maine
 and Massachusetts had none, New
 Hampshire 158, Vermont 17, Rhode
 Island 952, Connecticut 2,759, what
 was slavery then in Connecticut?
 Judge Tapping Reeve says:—
 “The law, as heretofore practiced in
 this State, respecting slaves, must
 now be uninteresting. I will, however
 lest the slavery which prevailed in this
 State should be forgotton, mention some
 things that show that slavery here was
 very far from being of the absolute,
 rigid kind. The master had no con
 trol over the life of his slave. If he
 killed him, he was liable to the same
 punishment as if he killed a freeman.
 The master as was liable to be sued by
 the slave, in an action for beating or
 wounding, or for immoderate chastise
 ment, as he would be if he had thus
 treated an apprentice. A slave was
 capable of holding property, in char
 acter of devise or legatee. If the mas
 ter should take away such property,
 his slave would be entitled to an action
 against him by his prochein ami (next
 friend.) From the whole, we see that
 slaves had the same right of life and
 property as apprentices; and that the
 difference betwixt them was this: an
 apprentice is a servant for time, and
 the slave is a servant for life.”
How utterly different this slavery
 was from that of the South. Judge Buf
 fin of North Carolina shows when
 speaking on this very point:—
 “This (viz. slavery), has indeed,
 been assimilated at the bar to the other
 domestic relations; and arguments
 drawn from the well established prin
 ciples which confer and restrain au
 thority of the parent over the child, the
 tutor even the pupil, the master over
 th« apprentice, have been pressed on
VOL. 111. NO. 28.
us. The Court does not recognize the
 application. There is no likeness be
 tween the cases. They are in oppo
 sition to each other, and there is an
 impassable gulf between them. The
 difference is that which exists be
 tween Freedom and Slavery; and a
 greater could not be imagined.”
 The very effect of the Hebrew law
 of slavery was so to direct the master’s
 attention to his fives’ comfort and re
 ligious education, that, ere he was
 aware of it, the slave stood in his view
 so surrounded with the rights of man
 and sanctious of religion, tha he could
 not regard him as much less than an
 equal fellow. And it is historically
 true that the brief trial of the Hebrew
 law of slavery in New England produ
 ced the same effect there. Judge Par
 sons of Mass., says:—“The treatmeni
 of slaves was in general mild and hu
 mane, and they suffered hardships nol
 greater than hired servants.” And in
 the same case he says that a discon
 tented slave was worth little to his
 master, insomuch that he sometimes
 colluded with the slave, and allowed
 him to sue for his liberty, that he might
 get rid of him and the* burden of his
 support. The Winchendon vs. Hat
 field, 3 Mass. Rep. 128.) And if the
 South, that perpetually refers to the
 Old Testament to justify her system of
 slavery, will consent to take that He
 brew law of Slavery in exchange for
 her Roman civil law, for one I should
 regard the work of liberty as begun,
 and calmly wait for time to complete
 what God through Moses,* designed—
 the utter extirpation of slavery!
 3. But the worst feature of this
 slanderous charge of the Journal ol
 Commerce against the whole North is,
 that they kept their slaves until they
 were found “to be unprofitable, and
 then sold them to the South.” There
 cannot be an untruth more utter than
 this, nor more insulting to New Eng
 land.
Slavery was abolished in Vermont
 July 2, 1777. After the Revolution,
 some attempts were made to transport
 out of the State negroes and mulattoes
 and sell them in open violation of the
 laws. But in 1786 the General As
 sembly passed an Act making it penal
 to £IOO to sell a colored man; the
 same to be paid to a person sought to
 be sold, together with the cost of
 suit, &amp;c.
 Slavery was formally abolished in
 Massachusetts by the adoption of the
 Constitution, in 1780, the first article
 of which declares that “all men are
 born free and equal.” After that date,
 this clause was, by the Courts, re
 garded as settling the question of sla
 very. The unexpected decision of the
 Courts made it impossible for slaves to
 be sold in anticipation of it.
New Hampshire abolished slavery
 by the adoption of its Constitution, in
 1784; and Connecticut in the same
 manner at a later date.
But it is principally to New York, a
 State with which the editor of the Jour
 nal of Commerce surely ought to be
 well acquainted, that we wish to direct
 attention.
In 1790, there were 21,324 slaves in
 the State of New York. Ten years
 after, 1800, the number was 20,343,
 diminishing in ten years but 881. In
 1799, the act of Gradual Emancipation
 was passed, declaring all children born
 thereafter to be free, males when com
 ing tq the age of 28, and females at
 25. It is hardly possible to conceive
 more humane and vigilant enactments
to prevent.any of these slaves being
 sold to the South. A fine of $250 was
 the penalty, and the freedom of the
slave was the result of an attempt to
 sell him out of the State. Although
masters were allowed to travel with
their slaves, yet, under severe fanes,
 they were obliged to return them; or,
 under oath, to make proof that una
 voidable accident prevented the return
 ing. That some might have been smug
 gled off, we do not deny, though we
 have no evidence of it.
 In 1817, we believe, another act was
 passed, declaring all slaves to be free
in 1827, and on July 4th of that year,
 the act took effect, and every slave,
 nearly ten thousand, was manumitted,
 without compensation to their owners.
 It is high time for men to be held to
responsibility who defile history by de
 claring that the North got rid of slavery
 at a profit and for a profit; and we re
 ply to Southern demands for Northern
 help in this matter, We demand no
 losses of you which we did not encoun
 ter ourselves.
Let it be shown by whoever can,
 that the increasing intelligence of the
 people in respect to a practice which
 the then civilized world tolerated, and
 the growing perception that slavery
 could not be enforced without a viola-
tion of religion and humanity, were
 not the true causes of its disconinu-
*ance in New England and New York.
 No system of slavery, in this land, can
 be profitable, which does not put the
 slave under a regimen which denies
 him the rights of manhood. The North,
 on the basis of the Hebrew Slavery
 Law, lound it out; it refused to go fur
 ther, and sacrifice its religious scru
 ples. The South, on the basis of the
 Roman Civil Law, imbibed its inhuman
spirit, put on the screws, and forced
 the system into its present legal atti
 tude; with a written code more infa
 mous than the unwritten law of any
 pirate’s deck! This is the very histori
 cal difference between the North and
 the South. Her religion made the
 North unwilling to grow richer by hold
 ing on to a system with all its growing
 requisitions; and so she turned to her
 granite and to the frozen seas, where
 fish swarm, and to the loom and the
RIGHT 13 OF NO SEX; TRUTH IS OF NO C010R;
anvil. The South, generous upon im
 pulse, but impatient of the restraints
 of long-continued rigid principle, chose
 the other alternative, drove the slaves
 into the field, and grew rich on their
 toil and debasemement. —Emancipator
 fy Republican.
Richmond Va., May 13.
 As I was conversing with some
 Southerners in Washington upon Free
 Soil, they expressed a desire that I
 shoulJ go South and see slavey as
 it exists there, and I would come back
 freed of ail Free Soil notions. One
 from Florida was particularly anxious
 that I should go home with him and he
 would show me a tame alligator, nine
 feet long that he fed on terrapins and
 deaa niggers. “Never costs me any
 thing to bury a dead nigger,” said he,
 I resolved to go as far South as this
 place, to see if there existed so much
 difference between the practice and
 heory of slavery. As I sailed forth
 his morning to see the place, almost
 he first thing that met my view was a
 arge house, surrounded by a very high
 brick wall. Upon asking the first pas
 ser by what it was, he informed me, it
 was a nigger jail, where traders con
 fined .their slaves preparatory to tak
 ing them South, He very politely
 offered to conduct me through it, which
 I gladly accepted. I have here here
 tofore supposed that the term “slaves
 in chains,” as used in the newspapers,
 vyas a figure of speech, used compara
 tively. But here they were chained
 together, sitting round on benches in
 the most filthy and loathsome place I
 ever saw. I questioned one too, why
 he was chained. He said he had been
 sold to go south, and he wanted to see
 his wife again before we went, and had
 ran away to go back to his old mas
 ter’s for that purpose. My heart was
 too full to question any of the others.
 In the female department there was
 a very pretty white woman with two
 cnildren. By close inspection it might
 be seen that she had a little African
 blood in her veins, apparently not over
 one tenth, but the children did not
 show the least trace of it. I expressed
 my surprise at this to my conductor, as
 I had supposed slavery to be eon&gt; ;ed
 to the African race, when I was in
 formed there was no limit of blood in
 this State. So long as the mother is a
 slave, the offspring is also, no rnattei
 of what color. I have learned that
 there are numerous slaves in this city
 as white as their masters
My next move, was to attend a slave
 auction.
The slaves of all colors, from sooty
 black to perfect white, were brought
 in -and seated on benches. Here they
 were subjected to the most particular
 examination. It was curious to see
 the manner of the speculators in ex
 amining their teeth. They would or
 der them to open their mouth, then
 press back their lips with their two
 thumbs, just as a jockey would a horse.
 On a window sill lay a large pile of
 manacles, some were constructed of a
 large rod of iron with handcuffs on
 each side, so as to form a row. The
 first lot soid was the white woman and
 her children, that I before spoke of.
 The auctioneer extolled her qualities
 by representing her to be a first rate
 seamstress, Stc. She was struck down
 at $1,105.
 The lackey of the place (himself a
 slave) then lead up a man about 25;
 “unharness yourself old boy,” says
 he. The man trembling like a leaf all
 the while, strips himself, with the assis
 tance of the lackey, in full view of the
 street and of female slaves. The
 lackey asks him what he is shaking
 for? as he is not going to be hurt. The
 auctioneer announces no scars on his
 back of any consequence, and the sale
 proceeds: sold at $425. Next conies
 a little girl of 18, about half white.
Then two twin brothers of 14; sold to
 different masters, one I was told was a
 Southern trader, so on to the end of the
 sale, when the gentlemen were thanked
 for their attention and attendance re
 quested to-morrow, when they would
 be shown something nice. During the
 sale my attention was call to the door
 by a string of slaves going past, chained
 together, probably on their way to
 some southern plantation*
 Altogether, this was the most heart
 sickening sight I ever saw. I invol
 untarily exclaimed “is it possible that
 this is permitted in our own native
 country —the country I loved so well,
 and whose institutions I have exulting
 ly pointed to as an example for the
 world.
I am confident that the most effective
 way for Abolitionists to gain converts
 to their cause is to send Northerners
 as far South as this place, and let them
 attend one of these slave auctions.
Hard, indeed must be the heart of one
 who could look upon such a scene and
 not blush for his country’s shame. I
 remonstrated wit-h some of the inhabi
 tants for permitting such a thing among
 them. They all have their Bible and
 Christianity at their tongue’s end, and
 arc ready to point out passages to jus
 tify and show that it is a God ordained
 institution. “If this is Christianity” I
 replied, “dont call me a Christian.”
iCp’The “Blue Hen’s Chicken”
 says: President Taylor, we under
 stand, has purchased the splendid sugar
 plantation of Capt. Fullertou, situated
 about fifty-two miles from the city, on
 the right bank of the river. He paid,
 we understand, $73,000 in cash.”
ROCHESTER, N. Y„ THURSDAY, JULY 4, 1850.
Correspondence of (lie Y. Tribune.
 SOUTHJERNL??. VVERY, BY AN
 eye-witness.
A. S. W.
yearly meeting of congre-
GATIONAL FRIENDS
By a letter from our much esteemed
 friend Rhod a De Garmo, ofJ^pchester,
 N. Y., we learn that the l&amp;ariy Meet
 ing of Congregational Fnclis of that
 State was held at Waterloo, f.&lt;&gt;mmenc
 ing on the 2d ana closing
 The race;fag C'&amp;s a v-ei'y satis
 factory one, those present appearing to
 participate in its proceedings with pe
 culiar interest. The great'subjects of
 War, Slavery, Sectarianism, the Posi
 tion of Women, and some others, were
introduced and very ably discussed,
 and addresses on various topics prepar
 ed for publication, which, with the pro
 ceedings, will in due time he presented
 to the public. Our friend says: “I
 think there were more in attendance
 than there were last year, and the
 greatest good feeling prevailed. Many
 confessed that (heir expectations were
 more than realized, and their feelings
 enlisted in the objects of the meeting
 far beyond any thing they had formed
 an idea of before attending. Thus I
 conceive there is nothing but encour
 agement in prospect if we all adhere to
 the great principles of Right so clearly
 impressed on the minds of many able
 advocates. It appears to me none could
 have attended through that meeting
 whose spirits were not rewarded anc
 hearts enlarged towards the whole hu
 man family; while all sectarian distinc
 tions must have dwindled into mere in
 significance, for the tide of sympathetic
 feeling for the good of mankind rose
 far above them all and covered every
 rising mound of opposition.”
 Joseph and RuthDugdale were pre
 sent the first two days, but the illness
 of the former deprived him of the priv
 ilege of farther attendance and the
 meeting of his valued services.—His
 friends will be glad, however, to hear
 ot his convalescence, and of the proba
 bility of his speedy and entire recovery
 Anti-Slavery Bugle.
Slavery thirty years ago, —The
 Savannah Georgian publishes the fol
 lowing hit at the North, We have
 improved since then. Some thirty
 ears ago the pious people of Rhode
 Island, were shocked and outraged on
 finding that a blacksmith was at work
 on the Sabbath. The soo.n&lt;l hir
 j hammer and the reverberations'of his
 anvil sorely annoyed the shepherd bfj
 the village flock, and the more so a/j
 the blacksmith was a pillar of the church I
 and a bright and shining light of the I
 congregation. Of course he was
 “churched”—taken to task. In de-J
 fence of himself he stated that one of'
 the slavers, in getting ready to go to
 sea, found she was deficient in hand-'
 cuff’s, and he was obliged to work al!
 Sunday to supply her! The good
 shepherd of the flock decided it was a
 work of necessity, justified by the gos
 pel. and Deacon Hart was excused.
Fugitive Slave brought back.—
 The schooner Consul, Capt. Falkert,
 sailed from this port on the 29 April
 for Norwich, Conn. On the sth May,
 the mate having occasion to go down
 the forward hatch, found a colored
 man concealed there, who upon exam
 ination proved to be a fugitive slave
 of Commander Barron, of the U. S.
 ship Pennsylvania. Capt Falkerk, on
 arriving at New London, delivered him
 into the custody of Capt. of the
 schr. Harriet Smith, bound for the
 Chesapeake, with directions to land
 at Old Point, and place him in charge
 of the authorities there. This was
 done accordingly on the I2th May
 and the fugitive was brought up to the
 city immediately after and delivered to
 his owner. —Norfolk Herald.
Logic of Slavery.— The Charles
 ton (S. C.) Union Presbytery latelv
 passed the following article of faith:
 Resolved, That in the opinion of
 this Presbytery, the holding of slaves,
 so far from being a sin in the sight of
 God, is nowhere condeinned in his holy
 Word.”
This is like the parson in Fielding’s
 novel, who justified his indulgence in a
 favorite potation by declaring there
 was nothing said in the Scriptures
 against rack punch.— Syracuse Std.
The Negro Stampede in Missouri
 and lowa.— We learn from the Bur
 lington Telegraph, of the Bth, that
 Elihu Frazier, Thomas Clarkson Fra
 zier, William Johnson, Paul Way,
 John Comer and John Pickering, im
 pleaded with others, for aiding and
 abetting in the flight of certain slaves
 belonging to Mr. Daggs, of Missouri,
 and for forcibly rescuing said slaves
 Jrom the agent of the owner, who had
 recaptured them in that State, were
 convicted, on the previous day, in U. S.
 District Court in session in that city,
 and fined $2,900 for the offence. The
 eounsel for the defence gave notice of a
 motion for a new trial.
A Slight Mistake. —The Ledger
 of Friday says:
 Some twenty-five Free Negroes
 petitioned the Convention now in ses
 sion in Ohio for equal political privi
 leges with the whites. The petition
 was rejected by a vote of 76 to 26.”
 All true—except as to the number of
 the petitioners, which was several hun
 dreds, and the disposition of the peti
 tions, which were received and referred
 the motion to reject them being “rejected
 by a vote of 76 to 26.” Quite as near
 the truth as some of the Ledger’s re
 ports of the Anti-Slavery meetings in
 New York and Boston.— Pennsylvania
 Freeman.
GOD IS THE FATHER OF US ALL; AND ALL MEN ARE BRETHREN.
From the Rochester Democrat.
 PROSPECTS AT WASHINGTON,
ihe Tribune of Monday says its last
 advices from Vv ashington are adverse
 to the passage of the Omnibus bill. It
 was the intention of the friends of the
 measure to have got through with al
 the amendments on Tuesday last 1 bu
 this was found to be impossible/ auc
 nearly the whole of this week will be
 used up in the accustomed way. Near
 ly all the amendments have come from
 Southern Senators, and although they
 have suceeeded with several, they still
 want more—whether they can get'them
 remains to be seen.
 Opinions are as contradictory as ever
 in regard to the prospect of the fina
 passage of the bill. It is evident how
 ever that its chances have not improvei
 for a few days past, and that its more
 ardent mends feel an unexpressed fear
 that it must fail. Even in the Senate,
 it is suspended by a hair. Its fate rests
 with those who are counted as doubt
 ful. The Tribune learns that Messrs.
 Berrien, Underwood, Morton and
 Pearce, are not certain for the bill,
 while the loss of any two of them
 would inevitably defeat it.
 In the House, if the bill ever gets
 there, its oponents feel sure of nailing
 it to the table as soon as a vote can
 be obtained. Intelligent Southern
 men frankly confess that they cannot
 claim with the least confidence the
 vote of a single Northern Whig; but
 in the lace of this fact, we see the
 Journal of Commerce and its Loco
 foco allies constantly predicting that it
 will pas 3 the House.—We feel entire
 confidence that they are mistaken.
 Meantime the patience of the public
 is well nigh exhausted; and it is not
 surprising that it should be. Congress
 convened nearly seven months ago,
 and yet scarcely work enough has been
 done to justify the expense of a
 month’s session. This difficulty arises
 from no doubt in regard to the wish
 and determination of a large majority
 of the people upon the subject of Slave
 ry. There is not a man in Congress
 who can or will deny that a vast majori
 ty of the people are opposed to its ex
 tension; and the struggle to pass a bill
 that comes far short of this, and which
 allows slaveholders to “experiment”
 bfor a number of years-upon the prac
 icability of planting it in New Mexico,
 has impeded all legislation upon other
 great and suffering interests, and ac
 tually threatens to block the wheels of
 Government.—How much more con
 sistent with the ordinary mode of legis
 lation, how much more economical and
just, would have been the prompt ad
 mission of California when her appli
 cation was presented! However pure
 may be the motives of some of those
 who advocate the settlement of incon-
gruous questions in one bill, the fact is
 not and cannot be disguised, that a
 majority of those who are responsible
 for this great waste of time and treas
 ure, are hostile to Freedom. California
 has repudiated Slavery, and that is the
 secret of their opposition to her ad
 mission. It is time that such expensive
 folly should be abandoned. Even
 should this bill pass to-morrow, does
 not this long delay, and the endless
 number of amendments offered, show
 that nothing like a majority are really
 in favor of its passage? Far better,
 then, to abandon il at once, and begin
 the transaction of business in the ac
 customed manner. Try every issue
 upon its own merits, and the verdict
 will be much more likely to receive the
 sanction of the tribunal before which
 all the acts of our public servants are
 reviewed.
RYNDERS AND PROF. STUART.
Rynders the renowned Apostle of the
 New York Mob, ‘defender of the faith,’
 Sic., is in trouble, having been accused
 of the vulgar offence ofgambling, mere
 ly because he won a few paltry dollars
 from a man less skilful than himself
 and left his family to suffer the conse
 quences by being turned penniless into
 the street. We suggest that this is a
 case which appeals strongly to the sym
 pathy and sense of justice of Prof Stu
 art. We cannot helieve that he will
 permit his associate in the work of -de
 molishing the abolitionists to sink
 under the denunciations of the fanatics
 for an act nowhere expressly condemn
 ed in the New Testament, and which
 was virtually approved by the saints of
 the Old Dispensation, who often settled
 important questions by ‘casting lots,’
 which, we take it, was a practice as
 indentrcal with modern gambling as Pa
 triarchal and Jewish sorvitude were like
 the Slavery of the South. The learned
 professor, we are sure, would find it as
 easy a task to frame a Scriptural de
 fence of Rynders as he did to accom
 plish the same thing for Webster; and
 since Moses has begun the good work
 of defending our modern prophets,
 (profits?) he should show no partiality.
 Surely Isaiah is as worthy of a seat on
 the soft cushion ofßiblical exegesis as
 Daniel, for he has been neither less
 zealous nor less courageous than the
 latter in the defence of ‘our glorious
 Union’ and still more glorous Christ.
 Webster— Rynders Stuart! What
 an illustrious trio!- Jl. S. Bugle.
Great Sale of Human Beings.—
 The U. S. Marshal for the Eastern
 District of Louisiana advertised to sell
 at Public Sale in New Orleans, on the
 20th ult., four hundred and ninety
 three slaves, of both sexes, and of all
 ages, from infants to old age. Among
 the number is one old man called
 Sampson,* aged 111 years, —Practical
 Christian
WHOLE NO. 132.
From (he Lowell Ameircan.
 BENTON’S SPEECH-MR, CLAY.
The effort of the great Missourian
 against the Compromise or Omnibus
 Bill is, like all his efforts, masterly. In
 some respects, his arguments seem to
 us conclusive; we should like to see
 them met.
 The personal in the speech is Ben
 tonian. No sarcasm is more biting;
 no irony more terrible. We regretted
 in reading it, that it should be marred
 by a spirit so narrow, and a purpose so
 unbecoming the occasion. Good
 haters of a certain class will find food
 enough for their hatred in Benton’s
 speech.
 The effect of the speech was bad.
 Mr. Clay embraced an occasion to
 a letter—his good taste in doing it we
 must condemn, while we question the
 morality of the act—of a prive citizen
 seeking to convict Mr. Benton of incon
 sistency. This led to the angry pas
 sage which is thus reported:
 Mr. Benton followed in.reply to Mr-
 Clay, reading as his text several pas
 sages from the speech made by the
 Senator from Kentucky on the 14th of
 February last, in which he declared
 the admission of California to be a
 measure standing by itself, and de
 manding immediate action. He (Mr.
 Benton) hoped the Senator, when ac
 cusing the minority with having all
 aiong delayed the settlement of that
 question, would deduct at least the
 time during which he himself acted
 with those who still contended for a dis
 tinct consideration for California. Mr.
 B. proceeded then to retort brck the
 lecture which he conceived so gratui
 tously given by Mr. Clay, as to the
 waste of time.
Mr. Clay denied that he had attemp
 ted to lecture the Senate. The office
 of lecturer, to be successful, required
 two qualifications: the ability on the
 part of the lecturer to impart instruc
 tion, and the capacity of the lectured
 to receive instruction.—ln this case
 both the qualifications were wanting.
 He was in favor of the admission of
 California, and if it had depended on
 him alone, she would have been admit
 ted long ago.—He professed to be a
 practical man, and it was well known
 that he had yielded his own predilec
 tic and wishes because Tie became
 satisfied that the speediest way of bring-
 ing California in would be in combina- I
 tiou with other measures.
Mr. Houston submitted some re
 marks in defence of the title of Texas,
 declaring that she knew her rights,
 and was prepared to assert, defend and
 maintain them at any cost.
 Mr. Benton made some observations,
 denying, as had been suggested by
 Mr. Clay, that during last summer, in
 Missouri, he had expressed himself
 against the admission of California.
Mr. in apology for having
 made the suggestion, read a letter from
 a gentleman named Reed, at Indepen
 dence, Missouri, evidently to Mr.
 Foote, in which the writer says that
 Mr. Benton, in conversation with him
 on the subject, said she was not fit to
 be admitted, and that the Executive,
 looking to that end was a coward poli
 cy, and that California should be
 treated as other new States had been
 in times past. He only read this letter
 in vindication of himself. He did not
 know the writer, or vouch ifor his ac
 curacy. The Senator would know,
 however, whether it was true or not.
Mr. Benton denied the right of the
 Senator to arraign him thus in the
 Senate, by reading a letter, and calling
 upon him to say whether it was true or
 not; but the Senator would not get off
 in that way. He had nothing to do
 with the Senator’s informant; but, as
 he has produced the letter here and
 published it, and thus made it a part of
 the parliamentary history of the coun
 try, he held him responsible as its
 author. He pronounced it his (Clay’s)
 letter, and as his letter, he branded it
 as an infamous calumny from beginning
 to end. [Loud calls to order.]
 Mr. Clay—As to the Senator’s im
 putations, L hurl them back with un
 utterable scorn and indignation, and
 suggest to him to put in his casket of
 other calumnies, which here—[cries of
 order and the rapping of the Vice-
 President’s gavil interrupted the re
 marks.
Mr. Webster expressed his regret
 at such occurrences in the Senate, and
 administered a well worded rebuke to
 both. For himself he would not sit in
 the Senate and witness such scenes.
Mr. Hale said, if the rebtrke just
 given was to be considered as just, and
 its suggestions to be followed in the
 practise of the future, he must beg
 that some rule be established by which
 it might be understood how old a Sena
 tor must be to entitle him to ememp
 tion from having letters read against
 him. [Laughter.] The other daya letter
 of such a character was read against
 one of the youngest members of the
 Senate, (himself) and the Senator from
 Massachusetts, and others, seemed to
 enjoy it very much. [Renewed laugh
 ter.]
 Mr. Underwood took the floor and
 the Senate adjourned.
A Bad Negro.— The Niles (Mich.)
 Republican learns that the colored man
 to whom was entrusted all the proper
 ty of the colored settlement of Cass
 county, has fled the .country with three
 or four thousand dollars—leaving the
 settlement quite destitute.
SCp*William Chambers, one of the
 editors and proprietors of Chambers’
 Journal, says he sustained himself in
 early life, for five years, on a few shil
 lings a week. He is now wealthy.
From the Lowell Courier.
 CONGRESS.
On Saturday, in the Senate, Mr.
 Soule of La. offered an important
 amendment to the Compromise Bill,
 providing that when Utah and New
 Mexico shall be ready to come in as
 States, they shall come as Free or
 ave States as their people may in
 (heir Constitution designate. This
 "as intended to commit Senators
 against all future opposition to Slave
 States. Mr. Hale and Mr. Dayton op
 posed the motion, on the ground that it
 "as idle tor this Congress to say in
 vvliat form a future Congress shall ad
 mit new States. Mr. Clay and Mr.
 F oote also opposed it as useless. Mr.
 Berrien, Mr. Badger and Mr. Under
 wood defended it as giving securitv to
 the South.
On Monday, the question again came
 up. Mr. Webster, whose slimy track
 must be attentively watched, made a
 speech which is thus reported in the
 exclusive despatch of the Boston
 Times:
 Mr. Webster addressed the Senate.
 He observed that on the 7th of March
 last, he declared that there was not a
 toot of territory belonging to the United
 States, the character of which, as free
or slave territory, was not already
 fixed by some irrepealable Jaw. He
 bad not seen or heard anything, since
 that time, to charge his views upon the
 subject—that being his view of the
 question. He had very cheerfully voted
 against the Wilmot proviso, for the
 purpose of excluding slavery from the
 territories. He had now no more ap
 prehension of the introduction of slave
 ry into the territories under considera
 tion, than he had of its introduction
 into Massachusetts. He was now cal
 led upon to vote for an amendment,
 providing that when those territories
 shall come "here as States, they shall
 be admitted, either with or without
 slavery. If he voted against that
 amendment, it would leave him open
 to the suspicion of desiring to do that,
 by another process, which he refused
 to do by the Wilmot proviso. He de
 signed, then, to vote for the amend
 ment, for the same reason as he voted
 against the proviso. He voted against
 that, because he thought all such reso
 lutions wholly useless—because they
 gave offence and dissatisfaction; and
 as he desfred to avoid all dissatisfac
 tion, therefore he would not vote for
 the amendment pending, which would
 have no effect one way or the other,
 and yet give satisfaction. He also
 submitted some remarks in favor of
 the general features of the pending
 bill, expressing his conviction of the
 importance of securing its passage.—
 When he looked around him, and saw
 the course of gentlemen from his own
 section of the country, acting, as he
 well knew they did, conscientiously
 and honestly, he was well aware of
 the extent of the responsibility which
 he assumed in differing from them so
 widely. This had naturally led him to
 reconsider and re-examine his own
 position; rejudge his own judgment;
 and aferhaving performed that work,
 he was quite unable to change his first'
 well-settled HLe referred to
 the satisfaction which his course had
 given rise to in some quarters, and to
 the charges of inconsistency which had
 been made, declaring his readiness, if
 any one here was disposed to under
 take the task of proving such incon
 sistency, to vindicate the consistency
 of his Newburyport letter, or his speech
 of the 7th of March with his record
 ed acts and declarations of the past.
 He declared his object to be peace
 and reconciliation; he did not desire
 to make a case for the North or for
 the South. It was not to continue a
 useless and distracting controversy
 He was against agitators of both North
 and South—against local tests. He
 was an American, and knew no coun
 try but America—no locality in Ameri
 ca, that is not my country. His heart’s
 sentiment and judgment demanded that
 he should pursue such a course as
 shall promote the good harmony and
 union of the whole country, and he
 would do So, God willing, to the end of
 the chapter. [Great applause in the
 gallery, immediately checked by the
 Chair.]
Mr. Norris said he should vote for
 the amendment, though he thought it
 useless and unnecessary. Mr. Seward,
 of New York opposed it, but could not
 vote against it because he had paired
 off with his colleague, Mr Dickinson.
 Just think of two Senators from free
 States parting off at this crisis an on
 such a question!
In the House, Mr. Bayly of Va.,
 chairman of the Ways and Means,
 moved to make the appropriation bills
 the special order for next Monday. The
 House refused to suspend the rules to
 allow him to offer his resolution. Mr.
 Stephens ofGa., also failed to get the
 rules suspended on a notice to adjourn
 on the 12th of August. Mr. Doty and
 Mr; Wentworth tried'to get the frules
 suspended so as to instruct the Com
 mittee of the Whole to report the Cali
 fornia Bill to the House alter the next
 session. They failed by a vote of 121
 to 77, two-thirds not voting for it. A
 few Dough-face Democrats from Penn
 sylvania and the West, voted with the
 South.
The proceedings of yesterday were
 not very important. Mr. Hale’s amend
 ment to the Compromise Bill, offered
 the day before, providing that two new
 States may be hereafter formed out of
 California, was withdrawn. Mr. Jef
 ferson Davis offered an amendment
 repealing all laws, usages, and cus
 toms, pre-existing in the Territories,
 in regard to abating or obstructing the
 full enjoyment of the rights of persons
 or property of citizens of the United
 States, as recognized or guarantied by
 the Constitution and laws of the United
 States. A long debate ensued, in the
 course of which all the slaveholders
 held that the Mexican local law against
 slavery was superseded by the Consti
 tution. No vote was taken.
The House was engaged upon a
 proposition for a Committee to investi
 gate certain alleged misappropriations
 of money by the Secretary of the Trea
 sury. The House passed a resolve
 asking the Secretary for information on
 the subject.
ICP Williams, the slave dealer and
 Maryland overseer, boasts that he has
 cleared thirty thousand dollars within
 the last six months, by his traffic in
 human flesh. Such, lam informed and
 believe, was his remark within a few
 days past,—Cor. True Dm
"
