"1
 M H DiXANV,
VOL. 1. NO. XIII.
ti* miR Til HTVH it pikUiM «mr
 fiiJifi at No. 3i, Ila.Ulu Strwl,
 (OppM*t* /W Arced*.)
 TEKWJ.
 T»&gt; I &gt;!Uw per mui, «(»ni u» «ifwwu*.
 Mla *.ll I* i»cri»« l foe a Wte tmm
 •it AM It'll.
 ,t irfr;i&lt;;n?Hi not eiceelinj ten hnes nawtad
 ta.*; ti a ftr on.; dollar; trery snbsevpae* mmr-
 Imi, !#c ity-lve ce:ii».
 Th* of the North Star will be to attack
 u vnir m all iu (Tint an I aspect*; allocate
 F iakcipatiov; c*»U die standard;
 o (pu»nc Morality pr &lt;:n »te the m iral and in-
 Mlierf&gt;uJ ii»;iroYe o*nt of t.w Colored People;
 ,i i the lay of FREEDOM to the Three
 Millions of oar Enslaved Fellow Com*-
 TAMIL y.
 PUBLISHER'S NOTICES.
 w- \ll c n nin *a ion* rel it in? to the biiwm
 m Urn of t i? pine-, na n'* of subset ibers, remit-;
 uko, i'kill ha ilJi«imJ t* William C.j
 Nell, Publisher.
 fijr kfsit*, an 1 all othnr* tending name*, arej
 reyje»*e-I t» be a~c irate, an! give the P »*t Ofi r, j
 me C eity, an 1 the St at. Ea:h Subscrilier is im
 tita liatefv ere Site 1 f -r m &gt;ney received.
 fir iv p-rs »n seiing in the payment for four
 nbicnbv*, to l&gt;e f •rtvarue 1 to one address, may
 have a fifth co;»y for on; year.
 \ry All Lttsrs and com nu actions must be post
 paid.
 LIST or AGENTS.
 MahaCHi:* tt*. R. F. Waleutt, 21 Comhill,
 ItxtJ i; Nat in J i!i i* in, New Btlfinl; Horatio W.
 Foster, Liwll; Jan.* N. B.iTin, Lynn; George
 F.vais, Wnrfi'Tr Bonnie Spooner, Plvnouth; j
 C arlo* 11. M*t‘i, Spri v&gt; tel I David liuj»les,
 Northampton; 11. Carpenter, Upton.
 Muir. —Oliver Ovnett, Portland.
 Vtmu.tr. —11 inland T. Robinson, North Fer-.
 risbnr;.
 Cos v r cticl t.— Jonathan Leonard, Meriden.
 New lit ps 1 1 r Wo are Tappan. Bra Iford. i
 Nut Viim. —Sv laey H. bay, 112, Nassau!
 S'rse': la n•* M ;f*.ne S nitli, 93, West Broadway; j
 Joseph Post, Weetbnrv, ti'iceii Countv; Marv Har- j
 p*r, Albany; Elias D itv. Maced on; Willetts Kt)eee,j
 Fin, Cli iton Cm »tv; William S. Baltimore, Troy; j
 J. r Pli't, IV II Van; J. J* Trey, Geneva.
 Rhode Island.— Vmor.ncy Paine, Providence, j
 Peuvsycvami a.— J M. M* Kim, 31. North Fifth
 Street, Pliilu lelphia; G. W. Goi'ies, 8, F.xoltangc
 Plt'e, Ditto; 11. Vashon, B. (town, Pittsliurg:
 William Wliipjecr, C &gt;lu nbia; Isaac ICit*rts, Jacob
 L. Paxm, Norristown, M mtg nnerv County.
 Ohio. —Christian D. malison. Cincinnati; G. W.
 C»rter, D.tt Valentine Nidiilson, Hai veysburgh,
 Warren County; Sa miel Brooke, Salem.
 Mi. His an.—Robert Banks, Detroit.
 Indiana. —Joel P. Davis, Economy, Wayne Co.
Selections.
From the lio'ton Chronotype.
 SERMON ON THE MEMORY OF
 JOHN QUINCY ADAMS.
 BY REV. THEODORE PARKER.
 Tixt. —Matth. xx: 27. And whosoever will be)
 eltii f among you, let linn be your servant.
 La«t Sunday something was said of
 the moral perfection of the individual;,
 to-day, Jet us consider a man of a very,
 marked individuality of character, Let
 us try him bv the Christian rule, and
 nothing extenuate and nothing add.—
 God has made some men trroat and:
 others little. The u se of the great men
 is to serve the littl men, to take care
 of you and me. That is the Christian
 rule. It is not the Hebrew rule, nor
 the heathen rule, nor the common rule, J
 but only the Christian rule. Perhaps
 greatness is always the same thing in
 kind, only differing in inode and form, j
 as well as degree. A great man has|
 more of human nature organized in
 him than we have. So fnr as that goes, j
 therefore, he is more perfectly me than 1
 I am myself, and I feel that superiority j
 in all my intercourse with him. In*
 kind, we arc the same; in degree, dif
 ferent. We dud, in society as in na-i
 ture, individuals for convenience sake,
 are put in classes, accordingly we find
 several classes of 4 g re at men, corrc-,
 sponding to the several inodes and forms
 of greatness. It i- well to 1 iok ut these
 before wr examine a special man, for
 this will make it easier to judge him'
 and sec what he is worth. Only let me
 sav that service is the practical test ol
 practical greatness, lie who docs the
 greatest service to men, is the greatest i
 man. That, also, is not the Hebrew, I
 nor the heathen, nor the common, but
 only the Christian rule.
 The first class of great men, is the
 great discoverers; luen that discover
 original principles, great ideas, univer
 sal laws, correct methods of thought
 and action. These, it seems to me, are
 the greatest of all men; and the vast
 ncss ol their genius must be measured
 by the transcendency of their truth, i
 by the newness of the idea, by its l
 practical value, and by the difficulty of;
 grasping it at the tune when they dis
 covered it.
 Iu literature, these arc the men that
 originate thoughts, and embody them in
 original forms. In philosophy you meet
 with tueu of this stamp, and they are
 the great inen of philosophy. Thus
 Socrates discovered the philosophical
 method which distinguished his school.
 Thus Newton discovered the great law
 of gravitation, the universal law of
 nauir«. We find such men among the
 po *u&lt;v.an« also, who discover the laws
 o which bear the same relations
 o ocu ty which the law of gravitation
 cars o t ie orb* of heaven, and to the
 u o lie earth, men who discover
 the just rules m poUtics. You fi d
 such men in r&lt; iigum, mcu who discover
 truth, so central, that sectarianism
 shrinks before their who have
 discovered the true method of religion
 who have discovered the law which
 binds man to man, and man to his God.
 To my tu .ud this is the highest form ol
 greatness. Here is a class of disco
 vering men who give truths at firei
 hand—truth of literature, philosophy,
 politics and religion—end these are the
 greatest of all God’s children.
 The next class consists of such as
 organize these truths, methods, ideas,
 and law*. They apply philosophy to
 practical purposes. They concretise
 the abstract. They particularise l)is
 universal. They organize these lairs
 into tho shape of a railroad, to that
 truth becomes fact. They organize
 Jova into families, justice into a State,
THE NORTH STAR
p:etr into iU suitable forme. They'
 tike the power of love, of wisdom, ot
 religion, and organize them into com
 mon life, making humanity society.—
 This organizing genius is a very great
 one. it is a great thing for a man to
 spread his thought upon the soil, and
 make that soil whiten with bread com
 for man. It is a great thing for a man
 to spread his thought out upon the riv
 ers of New England, making them spin
 and weave for the human race. It is a
 great thing to organize fire and water
 into a new instrument to d man’s bid
 ding, to organize the very lightnings ol
 neaven so that they may do man's er
 rands from town to towm.
 Bat a higher degree of this mode ol
 greatness is shown in organizing men.
 it is a higher degree of greatness for
 a man to spread out his thought on!
 maikind, and put men into true rela-*
 tionj with one another and with God, toj
 organize truth, justice, wisdom, love.j
 and purity, and balance the conflicting
 f rces of a nation, so that each man
 has his natural ability, justly to exer
 cise his own natural rights, as if he
 were the* only man, and yet lives in
 society, and receives pleasure and ad
 vantage as if all converged to that one
 piint. It is a great genius which can
 ualance the centripetal power of the
 State with the centrifugal power of you
 and me,and combine them into the same
 rvthmctical harmony, as God balances
 the orbs of heaven into those grand
 ellypses traceable through the skies.—
 The greatest genius, the greatest or
 ganizing power, is therefore the genius
 tor legislation, which can make justice
 law', and organize religion into common
 custom. It need not be disguised any
 wherc that politics are the highest busi-|
 ness, that a great statesman is the very
 brightest example of organic skill. It
 requires some head to organize nine
 and thirty clerks in a shop;—how much
 more to organize twenty millions of men
 and women, not for a special purpose,
 but for all the ends of human life. This
 second class of men consist of organi
 zers who found the institutions of the
 world, little and great.
 There is a third class of men, capa
 ble only of administering and managing
 these institutions, after they are found
 ed; who do this effectually, even emi
 nently. It requires no genius for ori-!
 ginal organization, and still less an!
 original genius for discc\ering truths
 and untruth. It requires only a knowl
 edge of details, a familiarity with
 methods, a knowledge of routine, an
 acquaintance with the past and the
 present times, a knowledge of men.—!
 These men are not discoverers, they
 are not organizers; they are adminis
 trators and managers, mid the differ
 ence between these two I w ill not now
 stop to point out. The ability of these
 men will consist in their knowledge of
 details, routine, methods and men.—,
 They know the ropes and the soundings.!
 They know’ how to take advantage of
 the wind and tide. In the factory, in
 the shop or in the army, in church cr
 in state, anywhere such men are valua
 ble. You cannot do without them.—
 They are the w heels of the carriage.
 They arc always mire numerous than
 any other class. More arc wanted,!
 and therefore born. The American,
 mind runs constantly in this direction, j
 producing great quantities of adminis-!
 trativc men. These are not men of
 theories, of new thoughts; they arc
 practical men of facts and figures, not
 full of ideas, but running over w ith pre
 cedents comm m-sense men com
 mon-sense men, too, who have not too
 much common sense to he understod
 now, and to be useful. Such men
 are excellent statesmen, but only in or
 dinary times. In troublous times they
 get brushed off by the organizers or dis
 coverers.
 To have a railroad there must be,
 first, the discoverer to learn the proper
 ties of fire and w'ater, and their ability
 to carry men over mountains. Second,
 there must be the organizers to survey
 the route, to plan the structure, to set
 men to grade the hills and to fill the
 valleys. And, thirdly, there must be
 the administrators and managers,whose
 office it is, after all this is done, to hire
 engineers, conductors, ticket collectors,
 and the rest of the hands; to buy the
 coal, and see that it is not wasted; to
 determine the rates of fare and to cal
 culate the dividends. What happens to
 a railroad, happens also to a state and
 church. In common times, the dis
 coverer and organizer fare very hard in
 the world. They are men, ill-clad,
 often times despised, while the mana
 ger is thought to be a great man,
 not only walks but ridesover
 their graves and distributes the divi
 dends where they called only for as
 sessments. (Great sensation.)
 Now the discoverers are the greatest
 of men. They anticipate the human
 race. They do not learn from history,
 but from nature; not from empirical ex
 perience, but by prophetical intuitions
 of untruth. Of such men there are al
 ways few, especially in the highest
 modes of this greatness. The organ
 izer also must be a man of great power
 of intellect and character. It requires
 some mind to organize a factory out of
 i* «ver, bricks, wood, and iron, and
 make the Connecticut spin cotton. To
 organize state of twenty millions of
 drawn differently by conflicting
 osuie interests, is the greatest work of
 intA hu?* 6 •P reiw ut idoaa
 Uo 10 yoke men and wo
 m .V* Vi” “"venal lawa, to K
 care the liberty „f ~c whi
 ting the welfare of n ba u f he m&lt;J t
 constructive of all science., u,,
 creative of all poetry. I„
 times, Napoleon seems to have been the
 greatest example of this faculty. He
 had oo superior in the history of man,
 and perhaps never an eoual, in the
 ability to mould men to his will, and
RIGHT IS OF SO SEX—TRUTH IS OF NO COLOR—GOO IS THE FATHER OF US ALL. AND ALL WE ARE BRETHREN
accomplish great ends. There is no
 calling that dHMpds greater abilities
 than poliiicsaPPmtic* develope great
 ness, if the man only has the elements
 in him. I know, in politics, a man may
 get along with very little intellect, with
 very little head and very little heart,
 without being a discoverer, an organ
 izer, or an administrator. If it were
 not so wa should have a very small
 House of Representatives, a very small
 Senate, and a good many of our Presi
 dents would never have been heard of.
 (Great sensation.) But if the power
 be in the man, it will come out. In
 America politics demand greatness.
 Democracy requires a greater ability
 than any other form of government. It
 requires a greater range of thought, to
 discover the law for all than only for a
 few. And after the idea and law are
 discovered, it is more difficult to or
 ganize a democracy than a monarchy
 or an aristocracy. It is more difficult
 to administer. It requires more head
 to rule the affairs of toe democracy ol
 America than to rule England, France,
 Turkey or Russia.
 We sometimes think there is only
 occasion and room, in our day, for ad
 ministrators, none for discoverors, none
 for organizers. And accordingly in
 selecting our Representatives, our Sen
 ators and our Presidents, we choose
 them by that rule. But there are ideas
 which are very well known, and which
 yet wait to be organized into a govern
 ment. Free Tiade, Peace and Uni
 versal Education, Freedom and Com
 fort—all these ideas are waiting to be
 organized into a State, a state without
 ignorance, without war, without tyran
 ny, and without want. And there are
 truths enough waiting to be discovered.
 Why, all the space between my mind
 and God’s mind is full of truths and
 ideas waiting to be discovered, and then
 to be organized. (Deep emotion.)
 So much for great men generally.—
 Now it is very plain, where we are to
 place the distinguished person who
 ceased to be mortal ten days ago. Mr.
 Adams was not a discoverer. He had
 no truth which was not known before.
 He made known no new truth. He
 was not an organizer. He was an ad
 ministrator of political institutions, and
 taking the whole land into considera
 tion, and the prominent men who were
 his cotemporaries, at first sight he does
 not seem to be very eminent, in the
 class of political administrators. In
 making that comparison with men of
 the South, especially, there is danger
 of doing him injustice. Mr. Adams
 was a Northern man. He was North
 ern in his notions, in his habits, in his
 methods. Many of his cotemporarics
 were far different, and had certain ad
 vantages over him at the very outset.
 The business of the North is to get em
 pire over nature, to obtain power oyer
 the material world; and so everything
 tends to that. Young men of talents
 become merchants. They aim to make
 a fortune. They care nothing about
 political power, but the power of the
 pocket. To get empire over nature,
 we must have education; not in a few
 hands, but in all hands. Otherwise
 there is no intelligent labor; and it is
 intelligent and not brute labor, which
 gives power over nature. Men must be
 religious. And so to secure intelligent
 labor, education must be universal,
 suffiage universal, property widely dis
 tributed.
 In the North see what examples of
 that, see what increase of wealth and
 skill, significant ot power. See ou;-
 colleges, our factories, our schools, and
 our churches; see the movements oi
 commerce, of manufactures, of educa
 tion. See the movements for the pro
 motion of religion. All is democratic,
 and is becoming more so. In the South
 they seek empire not over nature, but
 over man. Talent tend* not to trade,
 but to politics. Young men of ability
 go into the army, to the navy, to the
 public offices, to give themselves to
 politics. They learn to manage men.
 A young man of the\North acquires a
 fortune. A young man of the South,
 political influence and favor. See the
 result of that. The North manages
 the trade, the commerce, the manufac
 tures of the land. It manages, also,
 its spiritual affairs, its morals, its edu
 cation, its religion, its literature and
 science. The South manages its politi
 cal affairs. So all the Presidents but
 three have been Southern men, and
 most of the public officers. Each of
 the three Northern Presidents has failed
 to be re-elected, but baa retired from
 public life with a large fortune. The
 South has had seven Presidents, and
 four of them left the office poor men.
 There is no accident in this, none at
 all. You behold in it the working of a
 law which is as universal as the law of
 gravitation.
 [to be continued.
 EULOGY
 On the lift and Character of John Qutnry
 Adams, dcticrrtd at Buffalo, March 2,1848.
 By Asxza H. Francis.
 Ma. President and Fellow Citiiens:
 When an humble and obscure indi
 vidual emerges into life, and by his
 virtues, genius, and mighty powers of
 intellect, can successfully grapple with
 the gigantic force which education and
 the favorable force of circumstances
 have placed in a nation or community,
 too much credit cannot be awarded
 to him for the solutiooof the problem of
 the capacity of mind whea drawn out
 by indefatigable labors. Into such
 hands important trust#, nr the proper
 disposition of any great subject, may
 rest with great eafety. But to my mind,
 when not only obscurity, but iaeompe
 tency, taka hold of subject!, calling
 forth Ihe powers of a great mind, in or*
 dtr to make a proper dispomtion ol
ROCHESTER, N. Y, FRIDAY, MARCH 24, 1848.
them, rain wotild be any attempts to
 avoid criticism, if not merited reouke.
 When a true friend of universal liber
 ty, one who has labored to enforce its
 great principles, vacates his place by
 death, cold must be the patriotism of;
 that people that pass in silenee his
 mighty deeds. In view of this duty,
 with the probable failure of a public
 demonstration on our part, I accepted
 the too responsible position of deliver
 ing this eulogy.
 Our friend, fellow citizens, is dead!
 Did I say ours? Let me take that word
 back. The friend of man, of the hu
 man race, has departed; and while we
 have assembled to speak of his good
 ness, and lament over his icy remains,
 the remains of a departed spirit, and;
 touch upon some of the past acts of his
 honored career, that one of the bright- j
 est stars should have been blotted out
 at this important crisis of our country’s 1
 history. While we have assembled j
 here for this ostensible purpose, may.
 we not forget that in his death there is
 one cause for rejoicing? Probably I
 may more effectively impress it by
 repeating the following stanza, by
 Mozart:
 Spirit, thy labor i« o’er,
 Thy day of probation is ran;
 1 hy steps are now bound to die untrodden shore,
 And the lace of immortals begun.
 Spirit! look not on the strife
 Or the pleasures of eaith with regret;
 Pause not on the hounds of limitless life.
 To moan for the- day that is set.
 Spirit! no fetters can bind,
 No wicked have power to molest;
 There die weaiy, like ibec, the wretched, shall
 find
 A heaven, a mansion of rest.
 Spirit! how bright is the road i
 Fur which thou ait now on the wing!
 Thy home it will be with thy Saviour and God,
 'iheie loud liallclujahs to sing.”
 We have no reason to doubt that
 when he put on immortality, death was
 swallowed up in victory. Oppressed
 humanity, regardless of clime or con
 dition, has lost one of its uncompro
 mising advocates. It is true, that often
 there might be found in him, and par
 ticularly while battling in the councils
 of the nation against slaveholding and
 pro-slavery influences combined, many
 errors of what I regard as of the head,
 as regarded the wisdom of the policy
 of his procedure, or measures recom
 mended; still, throughout his whole
 life, we have every reason to relieve
 the sincerity of his purpose, that he had
 an honest heart—a heart e\cr ready to.
 act in concert where he believed the,
 premises correct and their application
 judicious. When brought in contact
 with those maintaining opposite views
 to his own in regard to action, when in
 the main they were agreed, you never
 found him cherishing that direful bane
 of political profligacy, so eagerly cher
 ished by aspirants lor fame, who, for
 the sake of realizing their ambitious
 desires, suffer, in their guilty phantasy,
 any institution to be overthrown, it m its
 demolition, the pathway to the goal oi
 of their aspiration might be shortened.
 In John Hunicy Adams their was no
 such spirit. In h m wa3 a mind and
 heart upon which the mildew of moral
 depravity had never settled or marred
 the features of that godlike attribute ol
 his nature. In the family circle, in the
 public gatherings of his native State,
 or in the councils of the nation, that
 principle of the largest liberty, was his
 principle; the affirmative godspeed to
 every just and honest movement to ef
 fect it, was his affirmation; that belie!
 in the reforms of the age which held
 so near an alliance to his own, but upon
 whose platform he never directly made j
 his assaults upon the enemy, was nev-j
 ertheless a subject of increasing inter-!
 est to him; so much so, that single
 handed and alone, amid sarcasm and
 rebuke, threats and persuasions, the;
 knife and the bullet, has the right of the
 oppressed and the right of petition had
 an unflinching advocate. Thus onward
 was his career, unintiinidated in his
 purpose; and although he is dead, his,
 principles live, and live to do battle:
 where his self-sacrificing labors wrought.
 them out. It was mainly through his
 influence that the saqred right of peti
 tion has been sustained, and the discus
 sion on the subject of slavery in the
 United States reached such prominence
 by his labors, at a time when it required
 more moral stamina than was possessed
 by ally other on that floor; and at the
 present time no fear need ever be en
 tertained of expelling it from among
 the subjects of deliberation, until the
 trial is complete and the end gained.—
 I am aware of some of his sentiments
 disavowing his connection with the
 abolition society, as the name is ap
 plied—a society which I hold dear, be
 it of what school it may.
 We have extant, in one of his
 speeches on a subject in some way con
 nected with slavery, a full exposition ot
 his views, and as he lived them out.—
 His remarks on that occasion were
 these: “I tm not here to answer for
 the purposes or views of any abolition
 society, or of any individual abolition
 ist, though I am in one sense an aboli
 tionist myself—in that sense in which
 Thomas Jefferson, in the 27th year of
 his life, committed to paper his opin
 ions, which he addressed to all the
 slaveholders of the country, namely:
 That abolition must come; the sooner
 it eornns the better; if not, force would
 ensue.* In the li.e and writings of
 Jefferson, as published by his grand
 eon, you will find the sentiment avowed,
 word for word, as I have stated it.—-
 Fate,* be further adds, has decreed
 the freedom of that people.* In the
 leenee that Thomas Jefferson was an
 abolitionist, and was so all his Hfe, I
 i un one. And I Inpe in all my soul that
 Ithe day will come when slavery shall
 ba a word without a meaning in the
 English language, and all other lan
 guages; when there shall net he found
a slave upon all the earth. This, in
 my judgment, will be the consummation
 of the Christian religion. That
 will be the long hoped tor day, when
 the li'-n shall lie down with the lamb,
 and when all the glorious prophecies oi
 the Old Testament promises ar.d pre
 dictions repeated by Christ, shall re
 ceive their complete fulfilment. In that
 day I believe man will be a nobler, a
 purer, a more elevated being by far,
 than we see him now, when he will
 ippruach nearer the angels.’ In that
 sense, he avowed himself an abolition
 ist. He then goes on to speak of the
 animadversions and denunciations di
 rected against him, but instead of re
 filing again, he said that, there were
 men in the abolition societies of as
 much intelligence, as much virtue, as
 iigh rectitude, and as ardent patriot
 sm, as is possessed by any on this
 floor.” Still he says as to their meas
 ures. he thinks they are mistaken, as
 io doubt they think the same of him.—
 But I do not propose to descant upon
 iny of what I may consider erroneous
 riews in regard to his mode of action.
 simply give the opinions he entertain
 ed, which he said he held from God,
 ind from his own judgment. Theu
 lointing to the Declaration of Indc
 &gt;endence, which was hanging in the
 lall, he said, in that, too, were those
 sentiments, however any portion of it
 nay have been turned out of doors.—
 Through it, he wished the abolition of
 davery throughout this Union, and that
 le believed it was indispcnsible for its
 jreservation. They are glorious senti
 nents, worthy of the heart that gave
 hem utterance, worthy to be promul
 gated in the age in w’hich we live, and
 worthy of the people who cherish them.
 Time forbids me to go at length into
 he history of his life in one address,
 unless I forego comments. I shali
 herefore be brief on this point. John
 &lt;l. Adams was born in 1707, conse-;
 ]uently was at his death in his t&gt;ist
 »ear. His remote ancestor, Henry j
 \dams, came to America 218 years ago,
 vith seven sons. Samuel was the first i
 ,vho emerged into public life, and rose
 o conspicuous public stations. ’I hi
 icxt that we read of w as John Adams,
 vhom Thomas Jefferson pronounced
 he Colossus of Independence. He
 ivas the father of John Q. Adams; and
 listory informs us that, while in the
 lawn of his existence, his parents were
 jxerting every power in behalf of their
 country s freedom. In his eleventh
 rear, when his father and Franklin went
 ;o France as joint commissioners, he
 lccompanied them, and spent one and
 3 half vcais of daily intercourse under
 the parental attention of Tteryamin
 Franklin, whose kind attention, sim
 plicity of manner and habits left a last
 ing impression. At the expiration oi
 that time, he returned home with his
 father, who came to assist in the forma
 tion of the Constitution of his native
 State. But a very few months elapsed
 before the voice of the country again
 trailed his fatner to repair to Europe, to
 legr.tiate a treaty of peace, whenever
 jrjeat Britain might be disposed to put
 in end to the war. He again took his
 ion with him. In this voyage, the ves
 iel came nigh being lost, but finally
 anded at Fenell, in Spatn, from whence
 hey travelled by land to Paris, in 1780,
 .vhen his son, John Q,., was placed at
 &gt;chool. The same year his father was
 :a!led to Holland. Accompanying him j
 hither, he was placed in the public
 school of the city of Amsterdam, and
 afterwards in the university at Leden.
 [n 1781, when Francis Dana was cora
 nissioned Minister to the Empress ot
 Russia, John Adams was selected
 by him as a Private Secretary. Alter
 spending fourteen months, he left Mr.!
 Dana, to travel through Sweden, Den-:
 nark, Hamburg, and Bremen, to Hol-j
 and, where his father was the Minister,
 [o the Republic of the Netherlands.
 He performed this journey alone, in the j
 winter, without a companion, at 16
 pears of age. But I must pass over
 many important events of his life. His
 renewed acquaintance with Jefferson,
 and their continued intimacy to the
 close of Jefferson’s life; his desire to
 leave the city of splendor and gaiety,
 while his father was Minister to the
 Court of St. James; of his returning
 to this country, and becoming a member
 of the ancient scat of learning at Cam
 bridge; his study of the law, &amp;.C., are
 facts of lively interest.
 Hfi was a great favorite of General
 Washington, and filled offices of trust:
 under his appointment. In 1794, Gen. j
 Washington appointed him (then but
 27 years of age, Minister to the Neth
 erlands; and one of the last acts of
 Gen. Washington’s administration was
 to appoint Mr. Adams Minister Pleni
 potentiary to Portugal. Washington
 declared the most valuable
 public officer the United States had
 abroad.
 In 1803, Mr. Adams was elected to
 the Senate of the United States for six
 years, and here he seemed to make
 fully tumbles l that unfaltering principle
 not to permit nor suffer passion to drive
 him into indiscriminate opposition, or
 blind support. He was the great sup
 port of Mr. Jefferson in those dark days
 of his administration, when those who
 had led the Republican party had
 thrown themselves in direct opposition
 to the administration. Disaffection*
 had arises in the ranks, much like the
 present political condition of our
 country.
 In 1825, Mr. Adams was elected
 President of the United States. But
 his pure principles and anti-party spirit
 soon led to dissensions, and all kinds of
 political chicanery were practised
 against him; but he held hie position
 with an unalterable firmness, dilu
 ting the offices of public trust irre
 spective of party. The nation el peace
 w#| world, tke f***
lie debt promptly paid, and reducing
 the public debt over three million*,
 these, with many other marked and
 beneficial results, closed hie'administra
 tion, and he was succeeded in office by-
 Gen. Jackson.
 Since that period, his life must be
 familiar to all who have taken any no
 tice of the public movements of the
 age. Hu n.anly independence in the
 advocacy of equal rights, against fear
 ful odds, and the unparalleled, unyield
 ing firmuess to principle, leaves him no
 equal, to say the least, among the po
 litical chpinpions of the age. I an.
 bold to affirm that your \N ebsters.
 vour Clays, your Calhouns, or your
 McDuffies, if you please, when com
 pared with him, sink into perfect in
 significance. In the life ol John H,.
 Adams, the world can see in what true
 greatness consists. In him the spirit
 of vacillation, for the sake of prefer
 ment. was unknown. Unlike the dis
 honored tourse of Daniel IN ebster,
 who declared, on, the portico of the
 Capitol of Virginia, before an assem
 blage of ten thousand freemen, that
 there was no power, direct or indirect,
 in Congress, or the general Govern
 ment, to interfere in any manner what
 ever with the subject of slavery, or the
 institutions of the —a very hard
 sample of true greatness to come from
 the great expounder of the Constitu
 tion. Neither do we hear more sub
 stantial or better reasoning from the
 mouth of the idolized Kentucky logi
 cian. He would have the world be
 lieve that the libeiation of six thousand
 slaves in the District of Columbia, dis
 connected with the three millions in
 the country, was not a matter of suffi
 cient magnitude to agitate, distract,
 and embitter this great confederacy,
 w hile he denounces and contemns w hat
 he calls a visionary dogma, that slaves
 cannot be the subjects of property.
 Why, he says he will not speculate on
 such abstractions; that is property
 which the law- declares to be property;
 two hundred years of legislation have
 sanctioned it. But not only so, lie says
 it has sanctified negro slavery. Mc-
 Duffie says slavery is the corner-stone
 of the Republic. But I will quote no
 further, feeling satisfied that the verdict
 is in favor of John Q,. Adams. Permit
 rne to remark here, that 1 have no doubt
 but what I shall be censured for the
 encomiums which I have passed upon
 Mr. Adams; but if 1 had never known it
 before, I arn now convinced, from re
 search into his life and character, that
 all such censure w-ould merit just re
 buke. In fact, I have already been
 (isKcil nli«t *l«viv nu» tlio tiff, nl
 .John Q,. Adams so commendable that
 the colored people need eulogize it, as
 if we possessed so small a share of hu
 manity, or that there flowed in our
 veins so small a share of patriotic
 blood, or that we w-ere insensible to, or
 illy appreciated, the great design of our
 forefathers, as well as our own inherited
 birthright from them.
 And now I should like to hare the
 world know that the same principles of
 ’7O, which led the great mind of John
 Q,. Adams to energetic action, to ad
 vise in behalf of hts country to throw
 off the British yoke, actuated my father
 to shoulder his musket and serve
 through a bloody contest. And not only
 my father’s, but the blood of colored
 men w as freely shed in that struggle for
 national independence. John Q,. Adams
 never proved recreant to that great
 principle, but maintained it through
 life. Can it be supposed that wc have
 within us a principle so complicated, so
 incomplete in its orginal design,that we
 can only appreciate the value of a man
 anu speak of his virtues, only as they
 are prescribed for our own individual
 benefit? If such were the prevailing
 sentiments, God deliver me lion* Iden
 tity with any such people. But this is
 not the case; and were this a proper
 occasion, I would prove that for true
 patriotism, and high-toned sympathy for
 their fellow inen, we, the colored peo
 ple, have no superior among any class
 of men. I base my abolition on the
 doctrine of universal freedom. My
 field of action is the world; wherevei
 there can be found beings possessing
 undying, imperishable and immortal
 spirits, regardless of the land that gave
 them birth, they in like proportion
 share my sympathy, and shall have my
 support. I would not give one of tin
 most imperfect ideas which I havi
 penned in this discourse for the fig-lea
 covering of that man love of liberty
 that extends no further than what i di*
 covered in a debate, a few weeks since
 from one of the members of the bar u
 this city. He was opposed to the ae
 cession of new slave territory, for tin
 reason that he loved the liberties ofth&lt;
 whits man; then a secon&lt;
 thought coining over him, produced, n&lt;
 doubt, by the presence of colored men
 he mauc the sentiment more ridiculous
 by saying, not that he haled the blacl
 man. But I suppose it is a Mmole c
 much of the Wilmot Proviso abolition
 ism. I have long become convince
 that we can become selfish in any goo
 work: and when 1 see this spring up
 immutable laws of God must be brough
 to bear against it, for wc are equaii;
 bound to each other in the distributioi
 of our powers. Instead of lry‘“|f. 14
 degrade, we should encourage and »m
 prove. Rather than withhold, contract
 and disrespect the rights of each other
 we shoald enlarge and expand to great
 er and still greater degrees of beoevo
 lenee. This undue regard which t
 practised in the social system, must t*
 redressed, or we never shall avert th&lt;
 just judgment of the Almighty; and
 ■TP bold to affirm, that if there is not i
 •peed/ ushering in of reform oo tbi
 point, it will most assuredly come dowi
 with increased vehemence on all wh
 throw off such mighty responsibilitiei
 it* and detgontmioa of themcaa
 O’ -‘-f
WlLUtti C Mil, fisiiisia
 John dm k, rsistas
WHOLE NO.—XIII.
ness into which man has sunk since th«
 fall.
 But to return. As regards the er
 rors into which statesmen have fallen,
 I give »t as my candid opinion, that it
 would be far more advantageous to the
 Republic, if the management of its af
 fairs were entrusted in the hands of
 those who had not studied the first les
 son in the affairs of slate, if they were
 honest and true, rather than in the
 hands of those who entertain and prac
 tise sentiments like thosQ I have already
 quoted. There was a principle in John
 U. Adams which soared so far above
 such sentiments, that he shrunk from no
 responsibility or regarded the
 whenever he was convinced he w»*
 ught. He never suffered himself to
 become the passive tool of the petty
 tyrant. The ancestral blood ot the
 Pilgrims had early germinated, and
 assumed such lofty mien, that it through
 life forbade the engrafting into his na
 ture the modern ideas of expediency.
 But he was as firm as the rick on
 w hich the Pilgrims landed, and rigid as
 the wintry monarch which was above
 and around them. The Pilgrims landed
 on the ‘.hid December* amid ice and
 snow. He, like Raiuesis, King of
 Egypt* whc about to elevate his great
 obelisk, placed his son upon it, in or
 der that the workmen might take great
 care, knowing that a lift* more pis cious
 than their own depended upon their la
 bors. Such was the feeling of John
 Q. Adams. He acted as if the buidcu
 of the responsibility of the w hole na
 tion was resting upon his shoulders.
 In this light he acted, and literally died
 pleading for the salvation of his coun
 try. U! methinks that when the Int-t
 sound proceeded from the lips of thnt
 good old man, while dying away in the
 remote corners of that spacious hall,
 there was sent back a reverberating
 echo, which, ns it fell upon the list
 ening ear, told,in accents not to be mis
 taken, that that voice would soon 1 e
 hushed; that that honored head which
 was bowing under the infirmities of
 more than eighty winters, bespoke in
 controvertibly that the sand of his pro
 bation were spent. And methiuks then,
 »f not be lore, the heart of the despot
 must have been filled with sorrow tv
 think that soon his own would be hush
 ed, and his name nevermore be written
 among the members of that ody, bit
 that the next union would be registered
 by the recording angel. And when the
 stern decree ot justice shall have sub
 merged the last vestige of slavery, and
 saved not only this natiou, hut the poor
 sin-stiicken world, from having meted
 out to her the iust iudc'jnenis. of th««
 Almighty, tor their national sms and
 nati&lt; nal calamities which they propa
 gated; when the labors of the aboli
 tion s« cielie shall roc*ivc their ever
 lasting ucquutu), on the basis that there
 is no more w ork to accomplish, or when
 labors like the great departed states
 man performed when upon the earth,
 shall conic to an end; because then
 the oppressor can no more oppress,
 and the assembled wisdom of the na
 tions shall have rio more to do but to
 legislate to make man assimilate nearer
 and nearer his Redeemer; then the
 name of John H. Adams w ill he re
 vered. In short, when the great end
 for which he lived shall have been fully
 consummated—when the great struggle,
 so incomplete in its design, and through
 which he hved and labored incessantly
 to achieve, shall be in reality what it
 now is in name; when the day-stnr from
 on high shall emblazon fbilh, inscribed
 hpon it in imperishable letters by the
 hand of Omnipotence, travelling forth
 in beatific splendor, in its icspiendant
 orb, to the most remote geographical
 boundaries of the globe, anil by its
 stern mandate dash into chaos the
 chains of the despot; when this shall
 have been accomplish! d, the name of
 John (i- Adams will r,tiii hold its place
 among that list of reformer*, the vice
 gerents of God for the redemption of
 his people.
 We learn from the life of this great
 man a lesson of immense value; and
 particularly may that class of one-sided
 politicians who, like a game on the
 wheel of fortune, will sacrifice, for a
 few earthly baubles, or sparkling du*t„
 the last item which constituted their
 earthly happiness, learn from it. Let
 me warn you cf this. 'The mirror
 through which you look magnifies, it is
 deceptive, a delusion; you do not see
 j your real person. Now if you would
 shine in the world, change your posi
 tion; if you would save your country,
 j d*al honestly towards it. We live in
 critical times. We have a few painful
 pages left of the history of ancient Re
 publics. We read of a Thebes, a
 Carthage, and an Athens, where l&lt; arn-
 I ing and eloquence, aits and sciences,
 held undisputed sway. But they have
 I I fallen, and as a nation, are hasten
 ing on with increased velocity towards
 I j that point where they were before their
 final overthrow, well nigh swallowed
 up amid dissensions. '1 he hostile spirit
 of psrtizaas, clamoring for ascendancy,
 n,nd indulging in mutual enmity, if not
 speedily checked, will lose its balance,
 J amid the shouts of a triumphant fow,
 who will put all dissensions under their
 feet.
 1 entreat yon, from to-night, to erect
 a true altar, and let vour motto be,
 “Brotherly Love," "llqual Rights."
 1 believe there is sufficient to build up
 on from the remains of j our well nigh
 vanquished victims. Sport no longer
 I* with the destinies of your fellow men.
 If yen would wish to shine here, and
 shine with advantage, you can do so by
 administering justice. And then if tbs
 k lustre of fbv fine sold should beconta
 dim, sod the ray of the diamond should
 become extinguished, you m ay atili be
 i enabled to shine, like John Qmacy
 Adams, in the celestial hemisphere, and
 jthe splendor of U* Jtofpat,
"
