"From the National Anti-Slavery Staudard.
Fugitive Slave Case.
The Journal of Commerce copies the fol
 lowing report of a recent trial from the
 Indiana State Journal of the 15th instant.
 Announcing it with a triumphant declaration
 of ‘The Constitution and Laws Vindicated.’
 The decision, it will be seen, was based
 upon that in the Prigg case, which establish
 ed the monstrous doctrine that Slave law is
 the paramount law all over the United States,
 that the slaveholder has, under the Constitu
 tion, the right to seize his fugitive slave
 wherevei he can find him, and that he need
 not unless he choose, give any evidence that
 the man so seized is a slave, and if he does
 choose to give such evidence his own oath to
 the fact is sufficient. This is law in this Re
 public and it exceeds in its tyrannical spirit
 any claim ever yet set up in the worst of des
 potisms in any age, for it leaves utterly un
 protected—so far as the law is concerned—
 the personal liberty of the citizen, and the
 unknown and the humble may, at any time,
 no matter what the hue of their complexion,
 be claimed as slaves, and reduced without the
 hope or possibility of redemption to the con
 dition of slaves for life. It is this state of
 things for which the Journal of Commerce is
 striving, and for which Mr. \Vebster ‘retain
 ers’ all over the country are thanking him for
 aiding to produce:
 Important decision.—The suit of John
 Norris, of Broome county, Kentucky, vs.
 Leander B Newton, E. B. Crocker, and
 seven others, for the recovery of damages
 for aiding and abetting the escape of slaves,
 after more than a week’s investigation before!
 the circuit court of the United States, was
 determined on Wednesday last in favor of
 the plaintiff. A verdict of two thousand eight
 hundred and fifty-six dollars was given by the
 jury against the defendants, as the value of
 the slaves and other damages.
 The Suit has elicited considerable interest,
 and was decided mainly under a decision of
 the Supreme Court of the United States in
 the case of Prigg, where the court takes the
 ground that the owner of a slave has the right,
 under the constitution and act of Congress,
 to capture his property in a free State, and
 take it thence without going before a State
 court and obtaining a certificate.
 On this trial it was proved that four ne
 groes, claimed by Norris, were captured in
 the State of Michigan. They had absconded
 from their master, in Boone county,Kentucky,
 in Octobet, 1846. That he immediately,
 on the next morning after their escape,
 went in pursuit of them. He proved by two
 or three witnesses that he was their owner,
 and had been for a number of years. After
 searching for his negroes between one and
 two months, he abandoned the pursuit. He
 traced them as far as Laurel, in Franklin
 county, but could then obtain no further in
 formation as to the rout they had taken. Last
 fall he received information that they had fled
 to Michigan, and settled in a neighborhood in
 Cass county, where it is estimated by wit
 nesses that about one thousand negroes re
 side. He took some five or six persons with
 him, and, in the night, captured his negroes
 in Michigan, and immediately proceded on
 his journey homeward to Kentucky. After i
 passing through South Bend, and at a dis-
 tance of axnile and a half from the town,
 Norris and his party stoped on the roadside
 for refreshments. While there a party came
 from South Bend, accompanied by the dep ity
 sheriff of the county, and make an arrest,
 under a writ of habeas corpus. Norris and
 his party returned with the negroes to South
 Bend, and trial was had before the judge of
 the probate court of St. Joseph county. Nor
 ris made a return on the writ of habeas cor
 pus, under oath, stating that the negroes
 were his property, and that he was taking
 them to tiia residence in Boone county,
 whence they had escaped. The truth of
 theis return was admitted by Crocker, who
 appeared in behalf of the negres, but who
 fiiad a demurrer, claiming the liberation of the
 on the ground that they had been
 captured in Michigan, and there was no cer
 tificate of the sight, ofownership having been
 proved in that State, The judge, deciding
 that this was necessary,liberated the negroes.
 Norris, anticipating thisdecisionhad procured
 a writ to take the negroes, from the clerk of
 the circuit court, and as soon as the decision
 was pronounced, attempted to take them,
 when a scene of great confusion ensued.
 The Kentucky party were armed with pistols
 and bowie-knives, and the crowd wiih canes
 and clubs. After considerable excitement,
 the negroes were taken to the jail of the
 county, by the sheriff for safe keeping.
.Several criminal suits were then instituted
 against the Kentucky party, which, it was
 alledged by the plaintiff’s counsel, were for
 the purpose of aiding in the ultimate rescue
 of the negroes. The negroes were demand
 ed of the Sheriff by Norris; but he was re
 fused possession, as, in the mean time, a
 second writ of habeas corpus had been issued,
 on which the negroes were, in the end, dis
 charged. Norris not appearing on the second
 trial. The first trial was had on Friday after
 noon, and the negroes were finally liberated
 on the next Monday morning. During the
 time intervening it was in evidence that from
 seventy-five to two hundred negroes, from
 Michigan were present in South Bend, armed
 with guns and clubs, and a number of them
 finally escorted the negroes out of town, when
 they were discharged.
 Judge McLean, in giving his charge to the
 jury, said that the decision ofThe judge on
 the first trial, on the writ of corpus,
 was incorrect, under a decisidff of the Su
 preme Court of the United States, in the case
 above referred to; that the writ of habeas
 corpus was proper, and was at all times allow
 able; but the question under it in this case
 was the right of ownership. That being ad
 mitted, the slaves should have been remand
 ed into the custody of Norris. The judge
 said he had dissented from this decision of the
 Supreme Court of the United States when it
 was given; but he was now bound to carry
 it out. On the part of the defence, a plea
 was set up that Norris had given his negroes
 liberty to come across the river at the time of
 their escape; but this was not proven to the
 satisfaction of the jury. Had this been the
 case, Norrie could not have the advantage of
 the act of Congress and the decision of the
 Supreme Court in their capture.
 Messrs. Liston and Smith acquitted them
 selves with much credit on the part of the
 plaintiff, and Messrs. Jernegan and Marshall
 made a most able defence. Mr. Smith spoke
 between six and seven hours [in the closing
 speech.
 Under this decison we can see no reasons
 why the citizens of the South should com
 plain of injustice being done them while in
 pursuit of their fugitive slaves, at least so
 far as Indiana is concerned. The law, as it
 exists, will soon be understood, under a few
 more, decisions liki the present, and all future
 difficulty will he avoided. We have no boubt
 that much of the excitement was occasioned,
 on the part of many of the citizens ol South
 Bend, in consequence of either misapprehend
 ing the true nature of the case, or the law
 under which they weie acting. All citizens,
 occording to the decision of the judge, are
 bound to know rhe law, and great pains will
 hereafter no doubt be taken not to become
 involved in difficulties like the present. The
 cost of the present suit, in addition to the
 damages awarded, will be very great.
 A motion has been made by the defendants’
 counsel for a new trial an arrest of judg
 ment.
A Flying Machine.—The following cu
 rious advertisement lately appeared in the
 London Times:
“Rescue of Sir John Franklin;—To the
 rich and chivalrous. A gentleman, whose
 claims to common sense, respectability, and
 talents, are corroborated by university dis
 tinctions, honorary medals, and woiks of art
 and literature, offers to construct for .£BOOO,
 and in three months; a flying machine, able
 to travel in the air at the rate af 100 miles
 per hour. The expense of an experimental
 trip would be j£3oo and one month’s time,”
Free Soil Meetings.
A meeting, reported as large and enthusias
 tic'was lately held in Pittsburgh, to give ut
 terance to the opinion of the People in favor
 of the unconditional admission of California,
 and against any extension ofslavery. James
 Robb presided. The meeting was eloquent
 ly addressed by George Mason and Dr. F.
 J• Le Moyne. The Committee, through
 their Chairman, John A. Wills, reported a
 series of very spirited resolutions, which
 were adopted. We subjoin a few of them:
 “Resolved, that when we see the wheels
 of the General Government arrested by the
 pro-slavery propagandists of the South—
 California refused admission into the Union—
 dissolution of the Union threatened on the floor
 of Congress—then we see traitors in the
 ranks of both the great political parties of
 the country hatching delusive projects of
 compromise, whieh, while they give nothtng
 substantial to the cause ot Freedom, surren
 der everything to slavery—and when we
 know that slavery is bounded by no lines of
 physical geography, and that it has been and
 is now profitably employed in mining as'in
 other branches of industry, we are not to be
 deluded by the deceptive suggestion that the
 Wilmot Proviso is unnecessary—that slavery
 will never enter the new Territories—that
 the South is merely contending for an abstract
 right which it has no disposition to exercise
 and that therefore, in the spirit of compro
 mise, we should forbear the exercise of a
 well-established constitutional right.
 “Resolved, That a crisis in the fate of the
 Whig and Democrat parties at the North
 has at length arrived, when they must either
 dissolve their alliance with the Slave Power,
 or the laboring men of the country, as sensi
 ble men, seeking to piomote their own inter
 ests, not less than to advance the great cause
 of humanity, will be obliged to withdraw
 from all political connection with them.”
 In Syracuse: New York, the citizens, with
 out distinction of party lately assembled in
 town meeting. The Mayor, assisted by eight
 Vice Presidents, presided. The Albany ’At
 las says of it—
“The meeting held at Syracuse on Tues
 day evening to speak on behalfof the admis
 sion of California as a single question,
 resented to have been one of the largest and
 most exciting ever held in that city. The
 officers were among the most intelligent and
 influential citizens, and the meeting was al
 most entirely composed of ihat poition of
 that community—men who think and reason
 and do not fear to speak.
 “We call attention to the preamble and
 resolutions, and to the character of the body
 from which they emanate. They speak the
 language of the men of all parties— the ex
 pression of the unanimous sentiment of a
 community which, in the centre of the State,
 surroundedjby a large agricultural population,
 remote from all influences of interest or pas
 sion which might pervert soberjudgement on
 this subject, may be taken as a fair type and
 representative of the best portion of the peo
 ple of the Northern States. They demand
 that legislation shall return to its accustomed
 channels, and that demagogues shall cease to
 obstruct it. They demand the admission of
 California, and reject the idea of coupling its
 destiny with other questions. They declare
 that in view of the aggressions and menaces
 of the Slave Power, they ‘feel called upon to
 declare their uncompromising hostility to the
 passage of any laws which shall not contain a
 provision forever forbidding the extension of
 slavery therein.”
A public meeting, without distinction of
 party, was lately held in Montgomery county
 Pennsylvania. Joshua Place presided, James
 Jacobs was appointed Secretary. The
 meeting passed unanimous resolutions, armum
 them the following:
 “Resolved, Ihat the representative, of
 whatever grade, who proves false to his God
 and his country in the hour of peril and time
 of need, upon the great question of human
 freedom, will be a libel upon the name of
 man, and the Benedict Arnold of the age.
 “Resolved, that we feel deeply grateful to
 freedom’s noble representatives, for their
 manly, dignified, and heroic efforts to pre
 serve inviolate the glorious sentiments of the
 Declaration of Independence, and to maintain
 unsullied the honor and integrity of our coun
 try. The admiration of the present age awaits
 them; the blessings of the future will keep
 their memories green in the hearts of its
 children.
Resolved; That California having com
 plied with the terms prescribed by the Con
 stitution, it is the duty of Congress to imme
 diately provide for her admission with her
 present boundaries, separated from all other
 questions.”— National Era.
New Mexico a Free State.—-While the
 American Congress has been wrangling about
 California and New Mexico, the people of the
 latter, following the example of the former,
 have met in convention through their chosen
 delegates, formed a Republican Constitution,
 ratified it at the ballot box.* elected a State
 Legislature, and have doubtless, ere this,
 elected Senators and Representatives to Con
 gress who will soon claim their seats at
 Washington, and ask for the admission into
 the Union of another Free and Sovereign
 State, literally “born in a day.”
 How striking do passing events illustrate
 the sagacity and wisdom of the course of pol
 icy pursued and recommended by Gen. Tay
 lor touching the Territories acquired from
 Mexico. In his Message to Congress of Jan.
 21st, he briefly states the condition in which
 he found California and New Mexico on com
 ing into office, that he had sent certain offi
 cers to those ‘err.tories charging with duties
 particularly defined in lettets accompanying
 the Message.— Dem.
Copper Mines on Lake Superior.—The
 Montreal Pilot of the 6th says: Accounts
 from the Sault state that the difficulty be
 tween the Indians and the Quebec Mining
 Company has been settled, and that a large
 force of miners had arrived there. The agent
 for the Quebec Mines arrived there lately
 with a large number of men and miners on
 his way to Point aux Mines, of Mica Bay, to
 commence operations again, on the old
 ground from which this company were driven
 off.lasi Fall by the Indians. The Indian dif
 ficulties have jbeen settled and the company
 intended to drive their works with vigor.
 The British soldiers that went up last Fall
 to protect the miners of the Quebec mines
 from further attack, are garrisoned at the
 Hudson’s Bay Company’s post, on the oppo
 site side of the river, where they had been
 during the Winter, and it is said that a per
 manent garrison will be located there.
IT? This year our Annual Fair, in honor
 of the birth-day of John Howard, will be held
 in Worcester, Mass. The plan will be, to
 hold a meeting for two days, and to sell what
 ever articles the friends may send in. On the
 first day, in the afternoon, Sept. 2d, there
 will be a festival for children, consisting of
 songs and dances On that evening, there
 will be addresses on the character of Howard
 and his labors. We trust there will be a
 general gathering of the friends of prison re
 form, and that something may be accomplished
 for the cause. Editors friendly to the object,
 will please notice this meeting as early as
 possible.— Pris. Friend.
]E? Rev. Henry Ward Beecher has not
 preached for the last three Sundays, in his
 Church, in consequence of illness. He is at
 present in a fair way of recoyery, and will
 probably soon return from Hartford, Conn,
 where he is at present sojourning for the ben
 efit of his health.— N Y. Tribune.
IE? What do you" think of all this?’
 asked a man of his friend at the unrolling of
 the mummy. “I think it must have been
 rather binding at the time,” was the reply,
 and reminds me of the mysterious rapping
 of the present day.”— Boston Post.
Col. Benton’s Speech.
We publish to-day the c’osing portion of
 Col. Benton’s great speech against the Com
 promise bill. We would gladly give our
 readers the whole of it. Want of room,
 however, must be our apology for omitting
 the first part. That which we publish re,
 lates mainly to the question of slavery as af
 fected by the Compromise; and a most com
 plete dissection of that bill of abominations it
 is. Full of that massiveness of thought and
 that accuracy of historical and geographical
 information, which distinguish the speeches
 of the Missouri Senator abovfl his cotempora
 ries, it will long live among the ablest, spi
 ciest and most unswearable oratorical efforts
 of the present age. Its blows fall upon Clay
 and ilia Committee of Thirteen with a pon
 derous power that is absolutely annihilating.
 It shows the scheme to be a violation of all
 parliamentary practice, illegal and unconsti
 tutional-
The most valuable part of the speech,
 however, is the part we publish, relating to
 the Texas boundary and slavery. Mr. Ben
 ton shows conclusively that the Compromise
 bill actually surrenders 70,000 square miles
 of the free territory of New Mexico to slave
 ry. That is if gives up, a territory larger
 than all ihe New England States to Texas,
 and at the same time pays our sable sister of
 the “lone star,” ten or twelve millions for
 condescending to accept the gift! This is a
 direct and positive extension ofslavery.
 This, then, is the Compromise—the di
 rect surrender to slavery to free territory lar
 ger than New England—the payment often
 or twelve millions to speculators in Texas
 bonds—the virtual abolition of freedom in the
 rest of New Mexico and Utah—the making
 ot all the free States hunting grounds for the
 slave-catchers the keeping California out
 of the Union till all these schemes are per
 fected. And this is the Grand Panacea
 which is to still forever the tempest of agita
 tion, and “settle” the great question of the
 age! So it 3 concoctors tell ns and the coun
 try. So apparently they believe.
 No, Messrs Compromisers; we tell you
 the thing can never be done by any such
 means. The spirit of freedom and inquiry
 that is envoked, can be laid by no such bas
 tard specific. The eyes of of the people are
 upon you. Their words have gone to you
 and will go again, in tones that shall rever
 berate from the Atlantic to the Pacific. The
 vast question which now shakes this repub
 lic cannot be “settled” by any action of any
 men in Congress or out, unless it be in a way
 which secures the free territory of the na
 tion against the curse of human bondage.
 Your compromise may pass, but instead*of
 “settling,’ it will excite the sea of agitation
 to a tempest, whose fury shall bury you
 and your “agreement with hell” together.
 But on this point, of the tendency of this
 bill now before ihe Senate, and now sought
 to be endorsed by the freemen of New
 Hampshire, we ask every honest man to read
 carefully the remarks of the Missouri Senator.
 They ate the words of a man who knows
 wkereof he speaks—who has lived his whole
 life long in the midst of slavery—he is him
 self a slaveholder, but still a haier of the
 system whose evils no one better understands.
 We ask the people of New Hampshire to
 mark the men from the free States, who de
 sert the noble standard of Old Bullion to fol
 low the black slavery banner of CJay and
 Webster and Foote.
Sons of Temperance. The National Divi
 sion of the Sons of Tempgrance held its
 seventeenth Annual Session at Cochituate
 Hall, Boston, last week. In connexion with
 it was a Grand Temperance Jubilee, which is
 represented to have been a great affair. Pro
 cessions were formed, of subordinate divi
 sions from all parts of the country, carrying
 flags bearing various devices, mottos, &amp;c.,
 emblematical of the cause and the occasion.
 Addresses were made by Gen. Cary, Rev.
 John Pierpont, Philip S. White, Charles
 Jewett and others, whose illustrations, inci
 dents and general remarks, says the Wash
 ington, were of the most eloquent and pow
 ful character.
We regret to add that the National Divi
 sion on Thursday, before adjourning, passed
 a vote that the future admission of colored
 persons to the order is “improper and illegal.”
 Such a vote is a disgrace to the Order and to
 the age. If the object of that organization
 is, as it claims to be, purely reformatory,
 what justification can we offered for such a
 vote? Are not “colored persons” men? Andit
 men, are they not proper subjects of refor
 mation? We repeat; the vote is disgraceful
 to the Order and an insult to every principle
 upon which it professes to be founded.
Negro Insurrecton ary Movements in
 Virginia.—A correspondent of the Rich
 mond Times, of the 13th'inst., says:—
 '“Great excitement prevailes in Monroe
 county at present, in consequence of the dis
 covery of a contemplated servile insurrection
 on the part of the negroes. It appears that
 free negroes and slaves are alike implicated
 in the plot. Last Saturday night had been
 fixed upon as the time for commencing the
 work of destruction; but the diabolical plot
 was revealed on Saturday evening. Active
 steps were at once taken to frustrate the plan
 ef the insurgents. The county was fortunate*
 ly visited by a thunder storm on Taturday
 night, accompanied by a deluge of rain, which
 no doubt had the affect of assisting to frus
 trate the horrible designs of the plotters. On
 Saturday, the sth inst., the citizens succeed
 ed in arresting twelve or fifteen of the ring
 leaders. They have been committed to the
 county jail for examination, and I have no
 doubt you will be apprised of all the particu
 lars after the trial.
American Treatment of English Col
 ored Seamen.— To the Editor of the Morn
 ing Chronicle. —Sir: In the discussion now
 going on respecting the conduct of South
 Carolina towards colored seamen in the Brit
 ish service, neither in Parliament nor out of
 it has the worst feature of the American law
 been noticed. If Captain Waddington, of
 the Mary Ann, instead of paying the goal
 fees for his colored steward, had sailed from
 Charleston, leaving Bowers in prison, that
 poor fellow, though a black subject of the
 Queen of England, would have been put up
 on the auction-block, sold as-as a slave, his
 “blood-money” placed in the coffers of the
 State of South Carolina, and himself sent to
 pass the remainder of his days in the cotton
 plantations or the rice swamps of the far South
 I am, sir, your obedient servant, J. B. Est
 lin —47, Park street, Bristol, April 30,1850.
Barbarity of Slave Laws.—We no
 ticed a paragraph several days since, which
 stated that while under the torture, a negro
 nurse had confessed to the murder of a Mrs.
 Allen, near St Louis, and implicated a negro
 in the outrage. Both were lynched immedi
 ately, and hung. It now appears that Mrs.
 Allen is not dead, but likely to recover; and
 that the person implicated by a slave nurse
 was a white man. So that, contrary to law,
 the testimony of a slave, while under the tor
 ture, was received, and made the basis of two
 executions for an assault which has not
 proved fatal. All. Eve. Jour.
Suicide of a Slave.—Just before the
 arrival of the mail boat yesterday, a colored
 man was discovered on board under circum
 stances which induced the Captain to believe
 that he was a runaway slave. Upon ques
 tioning him the captain became confirmed in
 his suspicious, and had him conveyed across
 the river in the yawl to Kentucky to be
 lodged in jail, until the owner should be
 found. Before the hands could make fast
 the boat to the Covington wharf, the negro,
 after declaring that he would die sooner than
 return to his master, jumped from the stern
 of the yawl, and was drowned. All effoite
 to rescue him proved unavailing.— Cincinnati
 Commercial.
Steamboat Burned—Over Two Hundred
 Lives Lost.
The fine steamer Griffith, Capt. Roby,
 while on the way up the Lake, took fire about
 5 o’clock this morning, when about twenty
 miles from Cleveland, and was burned to the
 water’s edge.
 The mate, who swam ashore from the
 burning boat for help, has reached Cleveland,
 and reports that only thirty of those on board
 were saved, and these had to swim ashore,
 there being no other vessel near to render
 assistance.
Capt. Roby, with his wife and child are
 among the lost. It is reported that there
 were from 200 to 300 persons on board, most
 of whom were emigrants on their way to the
 West.
If this is a correct estimate, the number of
 the lost may probably exceed two hundred.—
 lhe scenes on the burning wreck are de
 scribed as having been agonizing in the ex
 treme. It is impossible, as yet, to ascertain
 the cause of the disaster, or to give any fur
 ther particulars. This is the greatest cala
 mity that has occurred on Lake Erie since the
 destruction of the steamer Erie, some years
 ago.—S. Visitor.
Organized Band of Robbers on the
 Overhand Route to California. —A tetter,
 dated Durango, Mexico, May 7, furnishes
 some information relative to a regularly or
 ganized band of robbers on the overland route
 to California through Mexico. It says:
 There are many Indians on the road be
 tween Saltillo and this place. They have
 commmitted a great many depredations lately
 on small parties of Californians, and also on
 the Mexicans living on the road, but we were
 unmolested by* them, although we saw
 several strong band but a short distance from
 us, all mounted and ready to attack us. There
 is a large party of robbers between this place
 end Mazatlan—the same one that the Gov
 ernor of Durango hiied some six weeks ago
 to go out tn fight the Indians, and furnished
 them with fine horses, arms, ammunition,
 &amp;c. The first thing they did was to rob the
 Government of a large cahallado of mules,
 loaded with different kinds of produce and
 some specie, which was intended to pay off
 the Mexican army.
 After this robbery they took to the moun
 tains, where they have been murdering and
 robbing the travelers passing between Mazal
 lan and this place. About six days ago they
 murdered two Americans, and took from
 them over $40,000 is gold. Some of the
 party who were robbed escaped, and arrived
 at this place three days since. Two of the
 robbers were arrested in this place, and are
 now in prison awaiting their trial. This band
 of robbers, I learn, are Texans, and were
 originally 32 strong, but*have since recruited
 to the number of 75 or more. The Governor
 says they are better mounted and equipped
 than any who have passed through Mexico.
 —He has 1,800 soldiers at his command,
 and is afraid to send them in the mountsins
 after the robbers, for he says that, from the
 position they occupy they could kill every one
 of his soldiers without their effecting any
 thing.
Music on the Pacific.—No one can be
 in Monterey a single night, without bein°-
 startled and awed by the deep, solemn
 crashes of the surf as it breaks along the
 shore. There is no continuous roar of the
 waves, as we hear of the Atlantic sea-board;
 the slow, regular swells—quick pulsations of
 the great Pacific’s heart—roll inward in un
 broken lines, and fall with single grand
 crashes with intervals of dead sdence be
 tween. They may be heard through the
 day, it one listnes, like a solemn undertone
 to all the shallow noises of the town: but at
 midnight, when all else are still, those suc
 cessive shocks fall upon the ear with a sensa
 tion of inexpressible solemnity. All the
 air, from the fine forests to the sea, is filled
 with a light tremor, and the intermitting beats
 of sound are strong enough to jar a delicate
 ear. Their constant repetition at least pro
 duces a feeling something like terror. A
 spirit worn and weakened by some scathing
 sorrow, could scarcely beat the reverberation
 Taylor's California.
Poverty —Poverty, says Douglas Jerrold,
 is a bitter draught, but mav, and sometimes
 with advantage, be gulped down. Though
 the drinker makes wry faces, there may, after
 all, be wholesome goodness in the cup. But
 debt, however courteously it be offered, is the
 cup of a siren, and the wine, spiced and de
 licious though it be, is an eating poison. The
 man out of debt, though with a flaw in his
 jerkin, a crack in his shoe leather, and hole
 in his hat, is still the son of liberty, tree as
 the singing krk above him; but the debtor,
 though clothed in the utmost bravery, what
 is'he but a serf upon a holiday—a slave, to
 be reclaimed at any instant by his owner, the
 creditor? My son, if poor, see wine in the
 running spring; let thy mouth water at the
 last week’s roll; think a threadbare coat the
 “only wear;” and acknowledge a white
 washed garret the fittest housing place for a
 gentleman; do this, and flee debt. So shall
 thy heart be at peace, and the sheriff be con
 founded,
‘Where’s Dan Webster?’—At one of
 the apothecaries’ stores at the West End, the
 other day, a colored woman, who was a fugi
 tive from slavery, entered, and rolling up the
 white of her eyes, inquired: ‘Hab you de
 paper?’ The clerk replied in the negative.
 After pausing a few momenss, and staring
 about as if expecting somebody to be after
 her, she said, ‘Where is Dan Webster?’
 ‘What do you want to know that for?’ in
 quired the attendant. ‘Dey hab tell me dat
 he come to Boston to ketch fugitive slabe,
 and carry him hack to slabery’ gin, and l’s
 not slept for two weeks. I hab been tinking
 ’bout leabing town, and going into country;
 what you think about it?’ After explaining
 the matter fully, and convincing her that it
 was a hoax had played upon her,
 she left, believing that she would he as well
 off in the city as in the country.— New Eng
 lander. c. h. c.
I. B. Burbbayge’s Intellience Office and
 General Agency-ten years established.—Want
 ed, daily and for hire—Males and Fe
 males in the city, country, on steam-boats,
 to travel, &amp;c.
Wanted and Agencies brought about, in
 the line of Farms, Houses, Lots, Negrees,
 Moneys, Steam-Boat, Stock, Bars, &amp;c.
 11? Postpaid letters with one dollar on
 any business will receive a return answer.
 IE? Office is at No. 52 Vine street, be
 tween Second and Third. Address or apply
 to I. B. Burbbayge, General Agent and Pro
 prietor, St. Louis, Mo,
Slave Suit.—John Norris, of Boone
 county, Ky., recovered a judgement of
 S2BOO last week, in the U. S. Circuit Court
 at Indianapolis, against Newlan, Crocker
 and others, for slaves which it was alleged
 they had abducted from Norris, at South
 Bend, Ky. Norris had followed his negroes
 to that place, and had them again in his pos
 session, when they were taken from him by
 force. The costs of the suit are apout S2OOO,
 which added to the damages, makes S4BOO.
IE?Good! The New Englander says—
 ‘A section of colored boys brought up the
 rear of the Cadets. Its banner was, ‘Wash
 ington section Boston.’ This section looked
 not a whit inferior to any that preceded it,
 and in all that constituted neatness, good be
 havior and promptness to the arrangements
 of tl?&amp; day, they were a pattern to many old
 er and more experienced bodies.’
IE? D’lsraeli (according to Punch) says
 Lord John Russell has the soul of an old
 carpet: he doesn’t mind how often he is
 beaten if he only occupies the floor of the
 House of Commons.
French and Engitsh Policemen.—The
 LngJisnman is ashconic as an elective tele
 giaph s message. The Frenchman is as
 lengthy ar.d as pompous as an American
 President’s Message. Observe the difference
 in the two following expressive examples:—
 The English Policeman says, briefly and
 sharply, “Move on there,”
 The French Policeman takes off his hat
 and says in the blandest manner, Messieurs
 ilfaut queje vous prie de ne pas empeecher la
 circulation.”
Buffalo, June 17.
Ihe above polite little order, or entreaty,
 rather, will be found in Paris correspondence
 of the Times on the occassionof the late Tree
 of Liberty riofs. The infuriated mob took off
 their hats, bowed and instantly retired.
Liberia.— We have received the following
 through the politeness of Capt. Canfield, of
 the schooner D. C. Foster, which arrived
 yesterday morning from the coast of Africa.—
 Tribune.
Monrovia, May 15.
 The Colony of Liberia is perfectly healthy
 and in a ptosperous condition. No slavers
 had been taken on the coast for some time.—
 The health of the American squadron at that
 station is very good. The D. C. Foster was
 boarded by H. M. brig Wolverine, and detain
 ed some time under suspicion of being a sla
 ver, but was released after a thorough search
 had been made by the officers and crew.
The Debt of Nature. —No Englishman
 dies exactly poor, for he leave his share in
 the National‘jfl'ibt to liis children.— Funch.
Aurora and other Poems. By Mrs. H. R
 Sandbach. London: 'V iliiam Pickering, 1850
 I he materials for the inward history of this cen
 tury will lie in completely arranged, till some one,
 with a refined appreciation of the poetry of the af
 fections, hts compiled an anthology out of the lyrics
 scattered up and down in the many volumes pub
 lished every year by our minor poets and poetesses,
 and in the columns of magazines, like Blackwood’s
 'and Tait’s which save from oblivion mfny grace
 ful and some profound utterances. One or two of
 the flowers in such a wreath might fitly be tak'm
 from the I'ttle book of poems before us, marked as
 it is by a spiritual tenderness, and purity of thought
 and style, which many of our readers are accus
 tomed to associate with the influences of those
 “shades of Aderton,” to which its authoress refers
 in her tasteful dedication to Gibson. The follow
 ing, for instance, is true poetry:
 “Dulcibel is singing low,
 And her steps are soft and slow;
 Softly, carefully they go,
 Voice and step together.
 Offlier brow the shining hair
 Is thrown away; and pale and fair,
 Parted locks, and forehead bare,
 Woo the wind and weather.
Little gems like this ought not to be lost, but we
 cannot suppress a wish that some of our authors
 and authoresess would be their own anthologers.
 Now, Mrs. Sandbach has published several vol
 umes of poetry at different times. If she would go
 on composing through along course of years and
 then publish a selection, without caring to make
 her volume of any given size we think she would
 enlarge her circle of readers. Tennyson stands at
 the head of such writers, and is a pre-eminent in
 stance of the attainment of a place among great po
 ets, without the production of any large poem on
 which his fame can rest. Even his works might,
 perhaps, bear curtailment.
For the North Star,/row the 27 tk of June to
 4ih of July.
 Stephen Wilbur 1,00
 Sala Smith 2,00
 Rev. D. C McLaren 1,00
 James Babcock 2,00
 Charles Babcock 2,00
 H. B. Grove 2,00
 Henry Boyd 2,00
 Isaac Jones 2,0 Q
 William Saunders 2,00
 Harvey Young 2,00
 William Carey 2,00
 William H. Harrison 1,00
 Andrew Washington 1,00
 John Hatfield 2,00
 George Fosport 2,00
 S. T. Wilcox 2,00
 Ebenezer Draper (dor) 1,00
 Miss Mary Dymond 2,00
 George Sidel 2,00
 A Friend 6,00
From the Montreal Gazette, June 19th, 1849:
 ‘•Our readers will fave observed the frequent
 notices which have appealed in our advertising
 columns of the benefits resulting from the use of
 wistar’s BAL9AM of avild cherry inthecure
 of diseases of the respiratory organs, catarrhal af
 fections, liver complaints, &amp;c.
 Many of the certificates are couched in strong lan
 gage, and may be thought to be mere catchpenny
 notices, for the purpose of drawing attention to a
 quack medicine. Such, however, Wistar’s Bal
 sam of Wild Cherry is not. We can ourselves
 vouch for the good effects this Balsam has had on
 diseases of the nature of those above mentioned,
 whenever we have known it resorted to, and that
 when every other remedy has been tried and failed.
 From the N. Y. Evening Mirror, March 30, 1849
 “We regard the wild cherry tree as one of
 nature’s own physicians, a sort of good Samaritan
 of the forest; for its ‘medical gum’ has relieved the
 sufferings and saved the lives of thousands. The
 ilalsam prepared by Dr. Wister is a pure and per
 fectly reliable preparation of the real Cherry es
 sence, and it is a remedy by nq means “bad to
 take.” We speak confidently and strongly in its
 praise, from having witnessed its renovating influ
 ence in consumptive-cases when all other prescrip
 tions had proved of no effect.
The only genuine is always signed I, BUTTS on
 the wrapper.
For sale by the general agent, SETH W.
 ROWLE 138 Washington street, Boston, Mass.,
 and by his sub-agents throughout the United States
 and British Provinces.
For sale by Post Willis; also by Wm
 Pitkin.
I hereby certify that one of my childred, when
 naked, fell into a large fire of liie coals, and was
 burned severely from head to oot. The best of
 medical aid and attention was given to the child
 for four or five days days withojt any relief—each
 day’s suffering increased till hfi groans could be
 heard at a distance, at which critical period one of
 my neighbors recortimended and presented to me a
 box of sloan’s ointment, anl in less than fifteen
 minutes after the application of the Ointment to the
 aggravated sores of the suffering child, the pain
 ceased entirely, and he speedily began to recover.
 My residence is in Helt Tovnskip, Vermillion co.,
 and state of Indiana
Dated at Chicago, August 24,1848.
 QCf-See Agents’ names at the head of Sloan’ 3
 Column. For further particulars md testimonials
 get Pamphlets from Agents.
CORNER OF BUFFALO AND EXCHANGE STS.,
 OVER I. BELDEN’S HARDWARE STORE.
Having recently made.additions to their extensive
 Job Printing Office, are prepared to execute all or
 ders with neatness and despatch-, and on as liberal
 terms as any establishment in Western New York
 —steam or no steam. With a new and improved
 card press from the works of Hoe &lt;fc Co., and all
 the late styles of type, we flatter ourselves that our
 work of this kind cannot be surpassed. “Try Us.”
 Way Bills, Shipping Bills,
 Handbills, Invitation Cards,
 Bill Heads, Business Cards,
 Law Blanks, Law Cases,
 Books, Pamphlets, &amp;c.,&amp;c,,
 Done in style, at short notice.
 jj _____ g\Y, B, CLOUGH,V
“Ducibel is loved and blest;
 Singing she smiles, and is at rest,
 Nursing in her gentle breast,
 Love and Peace together,
 “Innocent is Dulcibel
 Of all beside; but she can tell,
 That her loving God doth dwell
 Iu yon heaven above her.
“Silver mist of Summer Morn,
 Veiled the earth when she was born;
 And her life the cloud has worn—
 A soft transparent shadow,
“Like a wandering wondering child,
 She glides along; holy and mild,
 Breathing sweet words and music wild—
 Dulcibel, the dreamer.
LATEST NEW’S FROM CANADA.*
THE SUFFERING CHILD.
THEODORE L. TAYLOR,
Job Printiag!—Job Printing!!
SMITH CLOUGH,
2U»t)ertxoem*nto
Old Ladies Take Notice!
I HAVE now on hand and am constantly manu
 facturing, FRONT BAN OS, to cover up the
 gray hair, and bald places upon the front part of the
 head and temples—and I will sell a neater, cheap
 er, and better article than can be bought in the
 State.
 Call and see for yourselves.
 Also, Curls, Wigs, Scalps, and Braids.
 J. ROBINSON, 19 Exchange street.
 N. B, —Also, India Hair Dye, for coloring the
 hair black.
 (jis*Cash paid for Human Hair
JOSEPH C. BUSTILL, General Agent, Book-
 Keeper, Accountant, and Confidential Let
 ter Writer, would most respectfully inform his
 friends and the public in general, that he has for
 their accommodation, opened his office for all
 kinds of Agencies, the keeping of Books, cast
 ing accounts, writing letters upon business, &amp;c.
 Deeds, Wills, Bonds, Mortgages, the drawing of
 Bonds, articles of agreement, Constitutions, bye
 laws, reports,communications, &amp;c.&amp;c., at N 0.169,.169,
 South Sixth Street, below Pine, Philadelphia, Pa.
 where by his strict attention to business he hopes
 to secure their patronage, and merit their confi
 dence and esteem. Terms Cash. Office hours
 from 9 a.m. to 9 p.m.
Also Agent for the North Star, single copies
 of which can be obtained; and the sale of Lots in
 Lebanon Cemetery. tf
WONDERFUL BOOK.
NOW READY.
 The Mysterious Noises
IN ROCHESTER and Western New York—A
 History of these remarkable sounds and of all
 the Strange Phenonetia connected therewith, the
 Spiritual Communications &amp;c. &amp;c., —price, single,
 12icts—10 copies for sl. Orders by mail will be
 promptly attended to.
 Ten Agents wanted to sell the above work, al
 together with other new and valuable works to
 whom a fair chance to make money will be given.
 A small capital of from sls to $25 requiree, and
 the agent will ba indemnified agai st loss.
 D. M. DEWEY,
 mar 29 —4t Arcade Hall, Rochester, N. Y.
Hope Grand Union Daughters of
 Temperance.
THE HOPE GRAND UNION Daughters of the
 State of Pennsylvania,located in the City of Phi
 ladelphia, would most respectfully announce to the
 Public, that they are prepared to grant Charters,
 and organize Unions throughout the State of Penn
 sylvania.
 Terms for Charter, $5.
 Applications for Charters must be made to
 HANNAH MARIA BUNDY, G. P. S. No 168
 Pine Street;
 SARAH RICHARDS, G. S. S. No. 147 So.
 6th, Street.
A JOURNAL FOR EVERY HOME
THE
NEW ENGLANDER:
A WEEKLY PAPER, DEVOTED TO
 Temperance, Education, Literature, Reform and Jn
 telligonce genorally
WM. A. WHITE, and CHAS. W. SLACK,
EDITORS
IT is nniversally conceded that Intemperance and
 Ignorance are the fruitful sources of nearly all
 crime, and in the eradiction of these this paper is
 actively interested. It likewise freely expresses
 the sentiments of its editors upon all the great re
 formatory questions of the day, and sympathises
 with all the enterprises of Christian benevolence.
 Combined with discussion on these subjects, each
 number will contain Original and Selected Stories,
 Letters from Correspondents, Articles on Agricultural,
 Physiological and Scientific Matters,Literary Notings
 and. Pickings, and a complete summary of the News
 of the Week.
 (jCf” The NEW-ENGLANDER is in its Ninth
 Volume, and the present is a favorable time to sub
 scribe.
TERMS.—Two Dollars per Annum, in
 variably in advance. No subscription taken for less
 than six months. Address all orders (post paid) to
 WILLIAM A. WHITE,
 Publisher and Proprietor, JSo. 30 School St. Boston.
From the New York Tribune.
Water-Cure.— ln another page of this paper
 will be-fouml the advertisement of f),-. Charles
 Munde’s establishment for Water-Cure, at North
 ampton, Mass. We, some months since, had the
 pleasure of welcoming the arrival in this country of
 Or. W. as a political lefugee, from Dresden, and
 are now happy to chronicle his permanent settle
 ment within so short a ride of New York. His
 European reputation as a medical writer and prac
 titutionar of Hydropathy, as well as the large circle
 of friends his remarkable skill and general man
 ners have already gained here, will doubtless crowd
 with patients the institution over which he pre
 sides, and which is situated in one of the loveliest
 and healthiest regions of New England.
DR. CHARLES MUNDE’S
 Water-Cure Establishment,
A T NORTHAMPTON, MASS.—Dr. MUN
 JX DE respectlully informs his friends and the
 public, that lie has become the owner ofthe late Dr.
 Ruggles’ Water-CureEstablishment at Bensonville,
 2£ miles from the Northampton Railroad Depot, 7
 hours’ ride from New-York, about 5 from Boston,
 and 5 from Albany,situated in one of the pleasentest
 vallies of New England, surrounded with wood
 grown hills, with shady walks, and abundantly sup
 plied with the purest, softest and coldest granite
 water. The air is pure and healthy, and the clim
 ate mild and agreeable. The new and spacious
 buildings offer all the necessary conveniences for
 water-cure purposes, such as large plunge baths,
 douches and airy lodging rooms for about 50 pa
 tients, separate for either sex, a gymnasium, etc.
 The Doctor being the earliest now living disciple
 of Priessnitz at Graefenburgh, and having an ex
 perience of m®*e than 15 years of his own, his writ
 ings on Water-cure being in the hands of every
 European hydropath, hopes to respond to any rea
 sonable expectations from the water-eure-system,
 made on the part of those sufferers who may confide
 themselves to him.
IMPORTANT TO THE LADIES.
 CLOAKS CLOAKS
10,000 Cloaks, Mantillas, and French Sacks,
 selling off at astonishing low prices
 WE RESPECTFULLY INFORM OUR
 triends and the public, that one of the firm has
 now returned from Europe, where he has been pur
 chasing, We have received the LONDON AND
 FRENCH FASHIONS, which are very beautiful,
 from which we are very extensively manufacturing
 Cloaks, &amp;c., of the richest and most fashionable
 materials in use, such as Velvets, Turk Satins,
 Black Silks, French Merinos, Thibet Cloths, &amp;c.—
 The designs and workmanship are excellent, embra
 cing taste, elegance, and durability.
 We would say to the LADIES, ONE AND ALL,
 CALL AND SEE FOR YOURSELVES as We feel
 warranted in the assertion that our prices are at
 least 25 per cent, less than the materials can be
 purchased elsewhere, and made up in a more supe
 rior mani er than they can get them made up them
 selves—some good Cloaks and Visettes at $3,50
 each.
Our stock of rich Black Silks, 1 urk Satins, Vel
 vets, Merinos, Gimps, and Fringes, is very 7 large,
 and will be sold off at astonishingly low tri
 ces. All persons requiring such goods are invited
 to call and examine our stock,
 WAMSLEY BROTHERS.
 Emporium Block, 55 Main st., Rochester, and
 14 Catharine st., New York. oct26 3m
The Old Curosity Shop,
 'At No 48 Exchange Street Rochester.
 LLOYD SCOTT, grateful for the patronage
 awarded him, would respectfully inform his
 friends and the public generally, that be has recently
 enlarged his establishment and augmented his stock
 of Men’s, Women’s, and Children’s. New and
 Second hand apparel. In addition to this depart
 ment he will buy and sell House and Store Furni
 ture, Books, Jewelry, Fancy articles, Mechanical
 and agricultural implements, and indeed all those
 various odds and ends” of which may not be
 readily obtained at other places. It is his intention
 to, keep The Old Curosity Shop” well furnished
 with an endless variety of articles for which he will
 pay liberally and dispose of at satisfactory prices.
 Clothing repaired and renovated with neatness
 and despatch.
 Dont forget The Old Curosity Shop.
 Rochester March 1849.
Dental Surgery.
I would respectfully inform the citizens of Rochester
 and surrounding country, that I have removed my
 office from No. 89 Smith’s Arcade to my dwelling
 house No. 92 Monroe Street.
’lhankfnl lor past favors in the line of my profes
 sion, and flattering myself that I can give perfect
 satisfaction to all who may favor me with their pa
 tronage. I would invite all those who are de
 sirous ofhaving operations performed on the teeth or
 of having teeth inserted to call on me and satisfy
 themselves,
 A. CLARK.
 N. B. All operation?performed by me on the
 teeth and Plate Work Warranted.
 Rochester, Oct&gt; 13,1848. if.
SLOAN’S COLUMN.
80“ All the medicines advertised by W. B. Sloan
 are sold by Post Willis, Winslow Young, Ro
 chester; S. Kenshaw, Frankfort; A. S. Bairsto
 Co., Lewiston; T. A. Frye, Brockport; Caleb
 Nye, Pittsford; W. Williams, Buffalo; and by
 most druggists throughout the United States.
 FAMILY OINTMENT.
 SLOAN’S OINTMENT is now universally’ ac
 knowledged to be an infalliible remedy, in every
 case wheru it has been faithfully applied on the hu
 man system, for promoting Insensible Perspiration,
 drawing out the inflammation from a wound, re
 lieving pain of every kind, and in its healing
 qualities the world does not produce its equal, and
 the public pronounce it the cheapest and best Fami
 ly Ointment that has ever been used. All diseases
 of the Flesh, Obstinate Ulcers, Old Sores, Chil
 blains, Sore Throat, Burns, Cuts, Cutaneous
 Eruption, Sore Nipples, Sore Breasts, Diseases of
 the Eye, Ague in the face, side, back, and the
 other parts of the system, Boils, Ulcers, Scald
 Head, Bruises, Fresh Wounds, and every knd of
 sores containing the least particle of inflammation
 are permanently cured by this great remedy.
 W. B. SLOAN,
 Grand Depot, si., Chicago, 111.
ju 6 —3*
doctoring in galena.
Mr. Sloan:— Dear Sir-. About three years age
 I was severely injured in one of my legs by the
 falling of a pile of wood which occasioned largo
 running ulcers. Nearly every doctor in Galena
 tried to cure them; but tried in vain, until from
 sympathy and improper treatment my other leg be
 came as bad as the one originally wounded. I
 despaired of ever being well again—hm in order
 that I might neglect no means within my reach, I
 purchased of your agent in Galena some of your
 Ointment, and you can judge o f my surprise and
 gratitude bettei than I can express it, to find my
 self entirely well before I had finished using the
 second box.
These facts T make known that others afflicted
 many believe and not delay using so valuable au
 Ointment as yours has proved to be. Respectfully,
 your grateful friend, EVAN DAVIS.
 Galeua, 111., Dec. 19,1848.
ON HIS HANDS AND KNEES.
Mr. W. B. Sloan—Dear Sir: I hereby certify
 that my son Albert, eleven years of age, was
 afflicted in his feet from the time he first began to
 walk, the bottoms of which were covered with a
 dry skin full of craks, causing pain and much
 affliction, many times he was obliged to go on his
 hands and knees, and no time has he been free from
 the sore affliction until now; baffling the skill of
 several physicians; but to our surprise his feet are
 now perfectly smooth soft an free fioni -racks, all
 from one application of your Ointment, L would say
 the boy put it on himself as an experiment of his
 own, from hearing in recommended. Nothing more
 was thought of it for three weeks, at which time
 his feet were near about in a healthy ulute, and are
 now the same as though they never had been other*
 wise. Yours, &amp;c.
ISAAC PADEN.
 Galesburg, Knox Co., 111., April 2d, 1849.
FIVE LARGE DEEP ULCERS.
Sheboygan, Wis.,March 2, 1849.
 Dr. W. B. Sloan— Dear Sir: In my opinion,
 the greatest cures effected are those that have
 longest resisted the skill of the Medical Faculty.
 Admitting that to be a fact, I have a case in point,
 to wit: Mr. James Sanford, of Sheboygan Falls, was
 crippled two years with five large deep ulcers, just
 above the ankle. The leg was so much swollen he
 oould not get on a boot. Nearly all the most pop
 ular Physicians in various places, have treated hi 3
 case without any beneficial effect.
 Last August, Mr. Hanford, solicited my advice.
 I succeeded in reducing the swelling and healed two
 of the sores. The other three I labored at till the
 first of February, without much if any benefit, when
 I gave him a box of Sloan’s Ointment, and
 in three weeks he was well.
 Respectfully yours f
 C. B. OSTRANDER, M. D.
THE BEST AND CHEAPEST
 HORSE MEDICINE
 in the world.
and
 CONDITION POWDER
 have earned a great name.
BURNT TO CINDERS'!
VV. D. Sloan:—
Dear Sir: Justice demands thafr 1 should return
 to you my unfeigned thanks for your unparal
 leled Ointment. Three weeks ago my daugh
 ter’s clothes caught fire, and before the flames could
 be extinguished, they were all burnt to cinders, the
 child was so badly burned that death seemed inevi
 table in less than twenty four hours. Your Ointment
 was recommended, and used with success—it gave
 perfect relief! It is needless to add that the child is
 now well and about her business.—The medicine is
 all and more than it is recommended to be. Every
 family and person should have it in their posses
 sion.
I feel [indedted to you for my child’s life, and
 anything that I can do for you or your medicine, I
 am ready and willing to perform.
 Your humble servant,
 JOHN H. CRANE.
 Flint Creek, Lake Co., 111.,
 Feb. 28th, 1849.
For Purity, Mildness, Safety, Certainty j
 3 and Thoroughnest SDOAN’S
 OINTMENT Excels,
 And is rapidly superseding all other Ointments and
 Liniments now in use for the cure of the following
 diseases:
Fresh Wounds, Gills of all kinds, Sprains,
 Bruises, Cracked Heels, Ringbone, Wiudgalls, Poll
 Evil, Callus, Spavins, Sweeney,* Fistula, Sitfast,
 Strains, Lameness, Sand Cracks, Foundered Feet.
 Scratches or Grease, Mange and Horn Distemper.
 The Powder will remove all inflammation and
 fever, purify the blood, loosen the skin, cleanse the
 water, and strengthen every part of the bodv; and
 has proved a sovereign remedy for the following
 diseases:
Distemper, Hide-bound, Loss of Appetite, Inward
 Strains, Yellow Water, Inflammation of the Eyes,
 Fatigue from hard exercise. Also, Rheumatism
 (commonly called stiff complaint,) which proves so
 fatal to many valuable horses in this country. It is
 also a 6afe and certain remedy for coughs and colds,
 which generate so many fatal diseases.
 W. B. SLOAN,
 Grand Depot, 40 Lake st., Chicago, Illinois.
Cannot be said in favor of Sloan’s Horse Medi
 dines. Our neighbors, friends and acquaintances
 who have used them, tastify their approbation in no
 ordinary terms, and recommend them with confi
 cence. Cures, almost miraculous have been effected
 by this medicine. “Every disease which the horse
 is heir to” is cured, permanently, by the use of
 Sloan’s Medicines. TRY THEM and test lor your
 self their efficacy.— lll. Organ, May sth, 1849.

HIGHLY SPOKEN OF.
Extract from the Waukesha Democrat Wis.
 May 9,1849.
“Sloan’s Medicines.” —A subscriber writing
 from the town of New Berlin, requests us to say,
 that he has used Mr. Sloan’s Hoise Ointment in
 several instances during the past winter, and
 always with the desired effect, and wishes us to
 recommend it to those who have the use and care
 of horses. Mr. Sloan’s medicines are highly
 spoken of generally, arid from the favorable ac
 quaintance we have with that gentleman, we are led
 to believe that they are piepared with a view to
 give a real benefit to whatever purpose they are re
 commended
RATI’LE SNAKE BITE.
Dr. W. P- Sloan —Dear Sir —Last month M
 A. B. Taylor, of Gopher Hill, Indiana, had
 hose badly bitten on the nose by a Rattlesnake
 Some ten hours after, I saw the horse, his head was
 remarkably swollen, I immediately applied your
 Ointment freely, and we were astonished at the
 prompt relief afforded. In less than one hour the
 swelling began to abate, and in twenty four hours it
 had nearly all subsided, and within three days the
 horse was not only fit for use, but was actually put to
 hard labor without any injurious result.
 Yours, respectfully *1
 L. S. BARTLF.TT
 Chicago,l(llls,) June 9, 1950. __
TOO MUCH
"
