"The Csba Sedition in lmn
 of the “Invasion” in London _
 on the .abject in the House of l ord..
 Lord Brougham, fter t«"
 Council ,«wrd.,.M«» r j
 “'jWi'kmi" ‘t™*
 ask, observed, prepared in the port*
 ,"u s
 m .him for the purpose of taking pewes
 LT ot "e greater of the West I«*g
 Islands—the ancient colony of Cuba. Hi
 had bo conception that that expedition had
 sailed with the consent of the American Gov
 ernment; on the contrary, he believed that
 if had sailed contrary to the declared wishes
 and order, of that Government. He under
 stood that that expedtion had not only
 sailed, but had escaped the Spanish cruiiere
 at sea, and had actually landed in lhat island
 Hi. hope was, that those pirate.—for the
 individual, composing that expedition and
 going to plunder and make war on an un
 offending peopie were nothing elae bu.
 pirates—would meet with condign punish
 ment. He wished to know whether any
 communication of the sailing of that piratical
 expedition had b-*en made by the American
 Minister iu this countiy to Her Majesty r.
 Government? He considered the Government
 of the United States, though of a republican
 class to be a respectable Government; and
 he hoped that it had power and strength
 enough to prevent it* subjects irom engaging
 in a piratical expedition upon a large scab
 against a peaceful anJ unoffending people.
 The Marquis of Lansdowne replied, that it
 he had the good fortune to meet his noblt
 and learned friend yesterday, he did not know
 that ho could have giver him any further in
 formation than that which he was ready t
 give him at prsssnt. This piratical expedi
 tion—for a piratical expedition it certainly
 was, a"d th it, too, of the very worst descrip
 Slon had been undertaken, not only without
 the cognizance, but aiso with the entire dis
 arm and reprobation of the Govern
 tr.ent of the United States. If Her Majesty V
 Government b aH 111,1 ,ull y believe, 'tom tin
 communicat!;:::* il bad from Ameri
 ca, that such was the case, it would havp
 made known its sentiments on the subject ti
 the Government of the Uniied States. Wi
 had received information from the Govern
 ment at Washington that it was its intention
 to prevent and to cheek this most unjust ex
 pedition. Informiiion, however, had been
 received that morning from New Orleans,
 staling that part of that expedition had ac
 fjally succeeded in landing at Cardenas.
 Lord Brougham would have been much
 better satisfied if the American Government
 had gone something further lhan the mere
 disclaiming and repudiating that expedition.
 That expedit on was formed for the express
 purpose of practicing piracy, and piracy of
 the worst description. Private plunde. was
 s great wrong to indivirtuals, but, in this case,
 an expedition was collected of Fome 0,000
 or 8 000 men, with the intention of carrying
 fire and sword, with a view to subsequent
 plunder, into an unoffending countiy, not only
 fn amity with ua, but with the United
 States.
 The Marquis of Lansdowne ought to
 have stated lhat the Government of the
 United States had not only disclaimed and
 repudiated this expedition, but had actually
 given orders to the commanders of its
 avustjipns and its cruisers tp stop and pre
 vent it, in case it sailed from the ports of the
 United Siatea, or in case it were met upon
 th open seas.
 Lord Brougham considered lhat statement
 to be a satisfactory addition to lhat which had
 ce’n previously made by the noble marquis.
 Ha could r»o' s however, understand how p.GOO
 or 8.000 men could be armed and sent off
 from the United States without the know
 ledge of the Government theie.
 The Eirl of Aberdeen had no doubts «s to
 the iiiicer'ty of the proceeding, of the Gov
 ernment of the Untied States on this subject.
 It ha I lo ig been supposed that Cuba was an
 obj ct ol desire to vaiioua Power.. We had
 ourselves been suspected of looking with an
 eye of desire upon that island; and he recol
 lected weli that when, twenty years ago, we
 were suspected of unlawful designs against
 Cuba, he had proposed that the Uniied State
 and France should concur with us in guar
 anteeing that island to the Crown of Spain.
 The Untied State., however, refus’d to ac
 cede to that proposal. He hoped that the
 force in that island was sufficient to give a
 good account of the buccaneer* who b»d un
 dertaken this expedition.
 Lord Brougham, as a lawyer not unac
 qiainted with the international law, challenge
 el denial to this proposition, —that all civi-
 I zed nation, were bound to give help against
 p rates, and that] tha commander of any
 British cruiser would be negligent of his duly
 if ha did not aid the Spuiitfd* against the®*
 p rutes. A pirate was considered as hostis
 humaru generis. His hand was against every
 tpan, and every man*, hand against hiqi.
 Lord Sttnley observed that the noble mar
 quis had given a very satisfactory explanation
 with regard to the courae which the Govern
 ment of the United States had pursued and
 wis pr’pared io pursue; but he had not Mid
 8 word respecting the course which we pad
 pursue I ard were going to pursue. Hej
 warned to know whether any instruction*, j
 and, if any, what instruction, had been cent i
 to thg commandei. of out squadrons in the
 Indies in reference to this expedition?
 Toe Marquis of Lunation ne was not aware
 what inr ruction, had been sent. More than
 die cornttUc'Cation had passed between the
 English and American Governments on this
 si bject. What means the American
 einment had to put down this expedition ht
 could not say witho it notice.
 Lore Stanley could almost fancy that the
 poble marquis had uot heard hi. question.
 H* then repeated it, and concluded by any
 in/. “Have any instructions been sent at all?”
 The Marquis of Lansdowne—l am not
 prepared, without notice, *o state what in-,
 .•ructions were sent, and I shall pot answer
 that question.
 L 7d Stanley—The invasion of Cuba by a
 b iccancering expedition was not a matter ol
 i idtfference to the people of this country; and
 th?y were ia u aly anxious to know wh»t
 i •»!ruction, had been given to our cruaiers in
 t e West Indian seas.
 Lite Marquis of Tne instruc
 tions could only be eventual instructions, and]
 such instructions it was not usual to makej
 known.
 Lord Stanley—Had any instruction, been j
 Mnt at nil?
 Eurl Grey—ln the present stato of affairs. 1
 it would ba a bleach of duty on the part of
 any minister to answer such a question at all
 He was surprised that, with his official ex
 perience, the noble baton should have asked
 it.
 Lord Stanley—l am not io be taught my
 I duty by the noble earl opposite. [Hear hear.]
 It is the right at.d duty of every peer in thit
 h&lt; use to ask any question whereby he can
 I ascertain whether Her Majesty’. Government
 I has performed it«* doty on a matter which
 I concerns deeply the honor and interest ol
 I tb s country. We have a right to ask whe-
 B ther instructions have been sent to our corn
 mandets in »he Weal Indies, especially as it
 appears that ibis mailer has been thought
 H wouhy ol being made the subject of inter-
 M cmnmunnications bet ween our Government
 in and that of the United States. 1 have put a
 to Her Majesty’s Mtnislsrs, and i
 mm w.bil to'knovv whether they will give me any
 H answer at all?
 |B I. H smnont was rising lo speak, when
 |nLo;d Stanle waved his and, saying at the
 UHW "No, no!”
 The Marquis of Lansdowne made some re
 i„ the orders ot the House, which
 d not catch. He did not deny the right
 Buc noble lord to put ihe question, but he
 the ether hand, exercise his discre
 to answesit.g it or not. The noblt
 Bm nut consider himself as the sol*
 Bf the will ot ihe House, or the d**
 iu dignity.
Lord Beaumont made some remarks on the
 conduct or Lord Stanley, and imputed (if w«
 heard him correctly) some want of courtesr
 to hia lordship m having interrupted him
 when he was about to addreaa their lord
 •hips The answer that the question was
 under the consideration of the Government,
 ought to have satisfied the noble lord; snd
 any other answer, under existing circum
 stances, would have been indiscreet.
 Lord Bjoughani condoled with hia nobit
 friend (Lord Stanley) who ought to be suf
 fering acutely under the rebuke which he had
 juat received, but who appeared to estimating
 it, as he should have done, at its proper value,
 if he might judge from the smiles which weir
 playing on Lie countenance. He was not
 aware that there was anything like a duty in
 cumbent, either on the House collectively ot
 on noble peers individually, to stop an inquir)
 merely because the minister gave an answet
 with which another peer thought that tbr
 House should be satisfied. The answer which
 had been given them that evening by ’host
 who were supposed to be in the seciet jus
 amounted to this, that there was no secret
 to tell. What ministers had to d them this
 opening was nothing more than this: “Wt
 have no certain knowledge on the question.’'
 ft was, however, a very serious question
 The law was clear that these men we,-t
 pirates. There should be no delicacy about
 treating them as pirates, though they wen
 six thousand or eight thousand in number.
 They should be treated as Rajah Brooke had
 treated the pirates whom he met in the Indian
 seas. Some of his friends thought that thus*
 parties had been treated 100 harshly; but h
 did not go along with them. The men wen
 pirates, and proved to be soj and, in hit
 opinion, Rajah Brooke had treated them at
 thev deserved to be treated.
 The Earl of Aberdeen —There was ont
 nonsideralion whiqh made the question put b&gt;
 his noble friend to the noble President of the
 Council quite correct and necessary. During
 &lt;he period in which this expedition was as
 sembling and arming itself, we were not
 maintaining very friendly relations with the
 Government of Spain. His noble friend had,
 iherelbre, a r ght to ask whethei a tegard to
 Brtijsb interest bad led us tu take sten*
 uo-opetate with the Governments of the
 United Slates and of Spam to put down
 those pirates 7 If our al.enatiton of feeling
 front Spam had made us lukewarm with re
 spect to interfering with that expedition,
 ureal culpability would rest on the heads ot
 Her Majesty’s Government.
 Earl Grey—Thue who had heard the
 speech of his noble friend and colleague, must
 be aware that he had condemned this expedi
 tion in terms quite as strong as those em
 ployed by the noble and learned lord opposite.
 He had described a as a piratical expedition
 of the veiy worst character. It was one
 thing to call on the Government to make a
 statemeut of that description, and anolhet
 to call upon it to explain the nature of the
 instructions which were sent to the com
 mander-in chief of our naval forces in the
 West Indies. To answer such a question
 would be not only inconvenient, but detri
 mental to the public service. It was not until
 further inform itton was receiveJ from that
 quar.br of the globe that Her Majesty’s
 ministers would be justified in answering
 that question- No one doubted our right to
 check a piratical expedition; but it was very
 difficult to determine to what extent we were
 prepared and entitled to go.
 Here ihe conversation terminated.
Mothers and Children.
 St. Lous, June 12,1850.
 Editors of the Freeman: I am in receipt
 of a letter from our friend Jj**** who sug
 gests mu an occasional item from a slave
 State would not be unacceptable to the rea
 ders of your paper. While looking over a
 morning paper of this city 1 notice the fol
 lowing advertisement which seems to alford
 matter of comment, and which shall form the
 burthen of my first communication.
 Is there a husband's or a father’s heart in
 Michigan that does not swell with indigna
 tion that women and children are sold under
 the hammer to the highest biddet—not in
 heathen India, or in the distort islands of the
 sea—but here at home, in our beloved coun
 try our boasted land of liberty—in the mid
 dle of the nineteenth century! And is it
 possible that freemen can wink at this Can
 it be thae wives auc mothers can tepnae upon
 their pillow: without a tear for the bbftd wo
 man, without a prayer for the oppressedl
 Would that we could ail feel the responsibili
 ty that rests upon us in this business! Here
 is the advertisement in full;
 “Sale or Valuable Neoroes at Auction.
 On the sth day of July, 1850, l wjjl,
 virtue of an order of the Sl‘. ni|g fiuh
 Court, sell at publig |UCUoo U)e highe
 at me eastern dour of the St. Louis
 court hooae, a valuable negro woman, named
 Tiolet, aged 0S years, an exce'ient cook,
 washer and inmer, and her threg Chi^'* n
 Charles aged 6 years, agc d 3
 and William aged 1 year. 3
 Terms of the sale—One third of the pur
 chase money in cash, and the remainder in
 semi annual instalments, secured
 by noifi w'*!*. approved security, bearing in
 terest from the day of sn,le.
 GEO. HALL,
 Gi a d. of Julia N. Moore."
 This is no uncommon occurrence. Al
 though we have no regular auction market
 here for slaves, we have sales in this way
 frequently, arising from closing up of estates,
 attachment, or other ptocess of law. 1 have
 never had time to visit these sales, but have
 all the details described to me by those who
 have. —The separating of families, sundering
 the tenderest heart-strings, the tenderer
 sensibilities crushed by unfeeling treatment!
 Your readers can appreciate the proceedings
 at such sales. Hear the seller extoll the
 condition, qualities, and virtues of the object
 —young, competent, indusirious, Christian,
 —w hile the buyer examines the limbs the
 teeth, and the devil in the eye.
 In future I may say something upon the
 moral bearings of slavery, as observed in this
 State, where the monster assumes its mildest
 form, and although its remedy lies in the
 politics of the country, i will avoid this part
 of the question. Missouri.
 _ r
 1 wftr*. m rrrrnan.
The Spirit of American Slavery Undis
 guised-
 In debate before the Ho'tse of Represents
 tivet on the California Bill, Mr. Morse ot
 Louisiana is reported to have said,
 “The Union was not worth a straw so
 long as a difference exists between the slaves
 of the South and the horses and cauiages ol
 the Noith as property.”
 Here we have it—slave-men and horses cn
 ihc same footing—slave-born children and
 colts, alike the creatures of legal protection
 or oppression; alike possessed, and alike
 divested of rights—alike entitled to edura
 lion, to the rights of concience, and to tht
 saci'd prerogatives of the marriage institu
 tion! Your horses and our alavca—alike
 property and nothing but property, or tht
 Union is not woith a straw?
 What a Union on our part—on the pan
 of all men of conscience and men of heart in
 the free North, if we are destined to enjoy it
 coupled forever with an appendage ao revolt
 ing—with a brotherhood which dooms ua In
 rustain such a slave system! American
 Slavery undisguised annihilates manhood
 yokes men and horses together— legislate*
 away all human rights, leaving none hut
 cattle rights enjoyable; and then modest))
 turns to the Christian men of the Norjh t«
 tell them that political Union with them b
 not worth a straw unless they can swallow
 this tancid abomination without a qualm!
 It is to be hoped that the Christian freemen
 ..f the North will *how the world that the)
 have too much conscience and too much heart
 aieo for this! and that in their view property
 i« not the only interest in the untvsiae.—
 Qkrttn
“The Southern Press.”
 This i* the name of the new Southern or
 gvn in this place. It appeared ins 4 Monday
 and is published as a Daily, Tri-Weekly
 and Weekly. It is belter tempered than th&lt;
 Union, less conservative than the Intelli
 gencer, rather more extreme than either in iu
 doctrines respecting Southern tights and in
 terest a.
 1 he Intelligencer, noticing its appearance,
 avails itself of the occasion to magnity iu own
 devotion to sectional interests.—lf, it says,
 “'hey,” (the editors.) '‘shall devote them
 selves to the true interests of the Union, and,
 obovt all to thou of ike South, with more
 steadiness than this press has been able to do
 during the existence ot fifty years, nobody
 will be more willing than the editors ot this
 paper to congratulate them.”
 "Above all, to thou o f the South!" So we
 are to understand that the Intelligencer
 ranks the interests of the South above those
 of the Union! Good Heaven—is there any
 other place than "the South in some peo
 ple’s geography! But, why feel surprised a:
 the language of the Press, when we see both
 Houses of Congress acting on precisely this
 same geographical dogma!
 We wish the Southern Press all the pat
 ronage it shall deserve. It is edited by Ell
 wood Fisher and E. De Leon, published by
 G- A. Sage and Her. H. Health. So far as
 we understand, the editors beliete that Sla
 very is the normal condition of hutnaniiy,
 and Freedom the exception; and they are
 just the men to prove this if anybody can.
 One thing, we are sure, will gratify them,
 as an indication of the sound feeling of this
 community on the subject of slavery. The
 National Era a paper somewhat respectaLle
 for contents and appearance, pselty well do
 mesticated in Washington, tolerably known,
 with a few contributors of ascenained men,
 has not been favored uiith ill# •Siglitc** token
 of recognition by the old presses here, fiom
 the time of birth.—Thu reason is, that it be
 lives in the Divine right of Human nature to
 Freedom: it is suspected of entertaining cer
 lain dogmas concerning Human Rights pro
 claimed in the Declaration of Indeiwndence.
 1 :.ow ana men broached in the North.
 On the other hand, the Soulhirn Press
 unfortunate as it is in its outward being, no
 sooner appears, than the old presses here,
 take off their hats and greet it as a most re
 spectable peisonage. Anti the reason—
 highly flattering to iheir taste and good sense
 —is, that the grand idea ot the new organ is
 to be the Divine right of Slavery .—National
 Era
 Hew Mexico a Free State*
 We Tejoice to learn that New Mexico is
 taking the necessary steps to settle the sla
 very question for he self in the right way.
 By articles in other pans of this paper it will
 j be seer that she has had q Convention for
 framing a Slate Constitution —that they have
 succeeded in adopting a Constitution PRO
 HIBITING SLAVERY; and that they were
 soon to have an election to choose Members
 of the Legislature and a Representative in
 Congress. This movement is one we hardly
 expected; but as it has resulted in the rejec
 tion of slavery by the people of the Territory,
 we heartily rejoice in it. It has already
 raised the wrath of the south; and all manner
 of threats are thrown out —one of which is
 that Texas is about to wage an exterminat
 ing war upon tfte people of New Mexico.
 But if we can get the right kind of action,
 let them foam; we care nothing about it. We
 do not know whether New Mexico ha 6 a suf
 ficient number of inhahiiants, and is in all
 other waya qualified for admission as a State.
 The number of inhabitants we suppose de-;
 penda very much upon the boundary letweio
 her and Texas. At any rate if she Comes
 with a Free Constitution and asks for admis
 sion, and it can be done without a violation
 cf tha ponsiituiton of ihe United States, we
 say admit her immediately. It is outrageous
 i that the noith should submit to be dallied
 with so long in relation to California. That
 i Slate ought to have been admitted long ago,
 and It might have been if northern Congress
 men, w ithout feat or favor, had gone straight
 i i aiong with the voting her in. And had they
 i, done so they would now have been clear of
 •I the matter, and ready to welcome anoiher
 •I free State. At any rate,-we are glad New
 I Mexico has moved; for every month’s delay
 would have tended to render the caso more
 J dangerous for freedom; and even if the south
 should succeed in keeping her out of the
 Union as a State, this action will go far to
 i ward keeping slavery out of her borders
 »j Light is breaking, away in the south-west,
 though it is dark ns Egypt in Washington
 j yet.— Wyoming Mirror.
The Slavery Question in Maine,
 On Wednesday of last week, I*“* ouse
 of Representative! o* -ine took U p t e
 resolutions *?,‘ncerning slavery. In spite ot
 l recommendation of the Governor in his
 Message, and the efforts of the Hunkers,
 they were passed by the yeas snd nays. The
 first resolution was unanimously adopted
 thus:
 Resolved, As the sense of the people of
 this Stale, that California ought to be prompt
 ly and unconditionally admitted into this
 Union, in accordance with her application to
 Congress for tha* purpose.
 The second resolution was as follows:
 Resolved, That territorial governments
 ought to bu formed for New Moxico and
 Utah, prohibiting slavery therein and that no
 t irritorial government should be formed wit I
 out an express prohibition to that effect.
 Adopted—yeas 109, nays 31.
 The third resolution was against connect
 ing the California admission with any other
 question. It was eariied by 106 to 26. This
 is a blew at ihe compromise. The fourth
 resolution, instructing the senators and re
 quesiing the representatives to vote for these
 principles, and not vote in any event for any
 territorial bill which does not prohibit slave
 ry, was earned by 04 to 35. Well done,
 Maine!— Eman. Repub.
 Missouri.—The Bentonites of the Third
 Dis'ricl have found a candidate foi Congress
 in p'ace of their fir-t nominee, A- McKinney,
 woo declined. John Miller has consented to
 be s*t op to be knocked down. The Whig
 candidate is John G. Miller. We suspect
 the present anti-Benton incumbent. Jatnds S.
 Green, will give John G. a hard sweat, and
 run t’other John out of sight.
 In the Fifth District, Samuel H. Woodson,
 whom we announced ss the probable Whig
 candidate, has been fotmally presented bv s
 lirge Whig Convention at Osceola. The
 Convention
 Resolved, That as patriots, devoted to the
 whole country, we have looked with deep
 regret upon the agitation of every question
 that has a tendency to excite sectional preju
 dices, or to alienate one portion of our confed
 eration from another; and inasmuch as our
 Federal Constitution was the result of mutual
 concession and compromise, we consider that
 it is only to be preserved by the same spirit
 which produced it, and we therefore cordially
 approve of the plan of Compromise of the
 Senate Committee of Thirteen.
 Resolved, That we endorse and approve
 the wise and patriotic administration of the
 i present Chief Magistrate of the United
 1 States. n
 Resolved, That we disapprove the Southern
 Convention now in sesstou in the city oi
 Nashville.
 Resolved, That we pledge ourselves to our
 i country and to each other, to uae every hon
 t oraSle and patriotic means in our power to
 secure the election of Samuel H. Woodson
 to the next Congress of the United States,
 r And las', not the least, they
 i Resolved, unanimously, by the Whigs in
 Council assembled, That avery member of
 i- i his Council hereby pledge himself to exerciae
 1 all his influence in enlarging the circulation
 i of the several Whig papers published in ibis
 D Ttele Whigs ought to win.—iVtns Y#k
From the Buffalo Express.
 Table Rock Fallea!
 It was announced by Telegraph on Satur
 day afternoon, that table Rock, at Niagara
 Falls, had fallen mio the abyss below. We
 have received the following particulars from
 oneof the proprietors of this paper who was at
 the Falls:
 Clifton House, Niagara Falls,
 June 29th—9 P. M.
 About half past one o'clock this afternoon,
 the large mass of rock known as Table Rock,
 gave way and went tumbling into the river
 below.—The man carried away was about
 stx rods in width and twelve in length, and
 fortunately no one was injured. Not ten min
 utes before the oCcu&gt; rence, party of some
 twenty or thirty were standing on the rock,
 but happily had just left. A gentleman was
 sitting in a carriage on the lock when it com
 menced giving way; he leaped from the car
 nage and was saved; the carnage went
 down with the whole mass of the rock.
 A gentleman and lady accompanied by the
 guide were passing under the rock at the lime
 it commenced falling, but fortunately got out
 from under, beioie the large mass fell. Large
 numbers have visited the spot this afternoon
 to witness the place where the table rock
 once was. A story was put afloat and sent
 off by telegraph that a number of persons
 were buried under the falling rocks, but there
 is no truth in the report.
Confidence.— A shrewd writer, who ap
 pears to think that “confidence” is necessary
 in other things besides in eating sausages,
 offers the following excellent advice to our
 American literati:—
 “Whoever would attain to excellence in
 any tiling must repose a generous confidence
 in himself. H« n»u»t fe*»i it»»« t»«
 what he undertakes. He must proceed
 calmly and with a conscious strength to his
 task, if he doubts himself—if he feels that
 he must make an effort, that he must strain,
 he will do nothing but betray his weakness.
 We Americans, in literary matters, no
 self-confidence. There i« no repose in our
 literature. There is even a stiatqmg after
 effect—:a labor to be eloquent, staking, or
 profound. Th a proceeds, in a great measure,
 from the fact that we have found our model
 of excellence; not im our minds and heatts,
 nor in human nature generally, but in the lit
 erature of that land frum which our for
 fathers came.’*
Progress at the South. —A corespon
 dent of the A. S. Standard writes from Bal
 l more as follows:
 F.o.nwhat I have observed, since I have
 been here, I am convinced that the Anti Sla
 very sp rit is fast advancing through all the
 South. The immense agitation now going
 01 in a'l this Southern country, the terrible
 battle of worJs which rushes with thunder
 sweep over the enti r e land and all the mighty
 ftiryi which to-day lashes Southern Socie y
 into a level, afe symptoms of that last great
 spasmodic struggle, which an institution,
 doomed to perish, engages in, and in which
 it usua'ly finds its death and its grave. As
 far as Baltimore is concerned, Ido not be
 lieve there is any real love of Slavery or any
 wish to see it perpetuated. The institution
 exists here by its inertness, it has not life
 enough to die It must be kicked out of ex
 istence. Anti-Slavery people are not only
 ro be firm, temperate, and active, and vicloiy
 wiUctowu their offoits
Santa Fe, May 25.
 Important from Santa Ft —Formation
 of a State Government. —A convention of
 delegates had been called and held; which
 formed and promulgated a constitution for the
 government of the State of New Mexico.
 The convention assembled at Santa Fe on the
 15th of May, and the session lasted eight or
 nine days, in which time the constitution was
 formed, which go into operation
 about July. The boundaries of the Slate are
 defined, and slavery prohibited. The con
 stitution was adopted on the 25ih of May;
 in fifteen days afterwards an election was to
 take place for meinbeis of the legislature.
 Two Senators and Representatives in Con
 gress would soon be elected, aodetfbna would
 be made for them to tqke their soaia. Mr.
 St. Vraim, JudgeOtoso, and Henry Connelly,
 arc among the most prominent candidates for
 Governor, and Captain R. W. Reynolds and
 Major tt. H. Whitman for Senate. It is
 soppostd tha Hugh N. Smith, the present
 Delegate in Congress, w juld br elected to the
 House of Rooret;entativ?3.— Daily Globe.
Trials fur Aidwq TUI
 rivE Smvei ••—'The M A .K* o, v^F?
 grauli. o» —nn.gion (Iowa) Tele
 ~,e llih mat., contains the result
 a trial just had in an action brought in the
 U tied Slates District Coutt tor the Southern
 D.rtticl of lowa, by Rueil Daggs, of Clark
 1 ounty, Missouri, plaintiff, against E'lhu
 Frazier and four other defendants, fur harbor
 ing, concealing, and preventing the arrest of
 ulaintifFs S aves, who had absconded into
 lowa. The Slaves were two men, one wo
 man, and two arnail children. The jury found
 a verdict &lt;&lt;*r the plaintiff for $2,900.
 lad the Indian i tie Sentinel of the Isth
 inti., received by the same mail, we observe
 the account of a similar trial had before
 Judge McLean in the Circuit Court of tho
 United Stales. The action was brought
 by John Norris of Kentucky, against eight
 residents of Michigan, lit this case the
 number of Slaves was four, and the damages
 given by the jury 53,846 —Republic.
Votes Polled by New States.—On her
 admission as a State, Louisiana polled 4,748
 Votes, Indiana 6,789, Mississippi 7,475, Illi
 nois 8,075, Arkansas 3,638, Michigan 11.360,
 Florida 5 301, and lowa 13 271. California
 polled, last year, 14,213 American votes.
 These statistics are taken from an article in
 the last Southern Recorder j to show that Cali
 fornia is better entitled to come in, as a State,
 than e ther of the others mentioned. Bee&gt;de,
 Texas, when admitted, had an area of 625,-
 000 square miles of territory. Cahlornia
 covers, bydier Constitution, 158,000 square
 miles—less than one-hall of Texas—and half
 of that a sandy desert or njnarable and rocky
 mountains. How unreasonable, then, for the
 South to object to California because she
 chooses not to have Slavery!— Georgia Citi
 zcn.
Slavery in the Territories.—Hon. S.
 R. Thuiston, Delegate from Oregon in Con
 gress, has written a very able lette. to Horace
 Mann, in which he show* clearly and conclu
 sively that slavery would go into all the new
 leiriiortea, even to Oregon, unless excluded
 by Congress or by local legislation. He says
 that slave labor would be twice as valuable in
 Oregon as in the Southern States, and still
 more so in California and New Mexico lor
 mining. In California, during the last year,
 slaves would have rented lor $BOO or SI,OGO
 a year. This letter puts a pretty etke ual
 extinguisher on Daniel Webster's .aw of na
 ture,'which was to excludd slavery from the
 Territories. Mass. Spy.
Damascus Blades. —The East has long
 been famous fur the manufacture of sabres, the
 steel of which is said to sutpaas all other
 kinds. Damascus in Syria, and Isphahau in
 Peisia, ate cities celebrated for their sword
 manufacture. The Dam**® oB blades have,
 however, been more highly extolled ihan
 those manufactured in any other part of the
 world and havo been sold at exceedingly high
 prices The true Damascus sabres are said
 to possess gteat keenness of edge, wonderful
 flexibility, a peculiar flecked grain, and a re
 markably musky odor when the blade is bent
 or rubbed.— Art. Journal.
ft-? 1 The friends of temperance in Western
 New York feel “gteat ly disappointed and
 chagrined” that John B. Gough failed to
 fulfil appointments in that vicinity, though he
 |j*sed through Rochester to Cleveland and
_ The Peach Crop —Throughout Western
 New York, there is a most promising ap
 pearance of an abundant cr:»p of Peaches
 Hie tre-a are loadtd with blosoms. In a
 laige poii on of the Northern States, appear
 ances are equally favorable. Northern Ohio
 will doubtless afford an abundant supply, but
 m the central portions of that State the crop
 ia thin, although in many localities a fair
 product will be obtained. It sometimes oc
 curs that the crop is distmyed or injured
 i*te in spring, or after the present period, but
 such occurrences sre unusual. We ;nust not,
 however, be too confideut in advancs, as it it
 better that our hopes should be exceeded 'han
 disappointed.— Cultivator.
Agricultural Prospects in Ireland.—
 The provincial accounts aie of the most en
 couraging kind, with .the sole exception of
 wheat, which does not bear an appearance
 «hich would indicate a productive y tld. The
 Londondeiry report states that the early pota
 toes are more usual— hit the:*
 has been no failure in the seed, and that
 ‘here is no symptom of disease. The Cork
 Examiner estimates the potato crop in the
 -utilities of Cork. Limerick, and Kerry, as
 equal in extent to any planted during the last
 ten years. —London Inquirer.
English all over— Stability Mr.
 E nerson, in one of his lectures, tel a a story
 to exemplify the stability of things in Eng
 land. He says that William of Wykeham,
 about the year 1150, endowed a house in the
 neighborhood of Winchester to provide a
 a easure of beer and a sufficiency ol bread to
 everyone who asks it, former; ird when
 Mr. Emerson was in England, he was curi
 ous to test this good man's credit, and he
 km cked at the door, preferred his reques
 and received fits measure of beet and quan
 tum of bread, iho’ its donor had been deau
 700 years.'*
The Morning Qup or the Mexican.
 The first tiling a Mexican does alter getting
 up ia to swallow every small tup ol chuco
 late made very thick and sweet. This it
 calltd dtsayunar, and corresponds to tin
 French dejeuner. Your Mexican lives on
 this till half past ten or eleven, when lit
 takes bieakfast, (almuerxu,) although thi*
 breakfast bears far more resemblance to a
 dinner than to the meal whose name it bears.
 The R fie Rangers.
ICP Punch thus tells how it is dune “To
 re&amp;usciiate a drowned Yankee search ins
 pockets.
 To resuscitate a drowned Englishman—
 broil a piece of beefsteak under his nose.
 A Frenchman may be brought to life at any
 time by the skillful imitation of a bullfrog tu
 t ir ear.
 A Spaniard, by applying garlic to hts ol
 factories.”
ITT The great defect of (he new House ol
 Commons (says Punch) seems to be an ex
 treme s owt.ess in transmitting stun 1.” V e
 snail nut uitiid the defect so much, if th&lt;
 slowness is only compensated for by an addi
 tional quickness in transmuting sense.
KJ 3 Grace Greenwood is about to publish a
 volume of poems to Ire entitled Greenwotro
 Flowers,” a companion of her prose work.
 “Greenwood Leaves.” Of course, Ttcknor,
 Reed A Fields will do her honor in the style
 of the work.— New-Eng.
p~P A paper, to be called the Boston
 Punch, w 11 be soon published in this city, it
 is said, by an association of wits and artists
 it will be conducted upon the plan of the
 London Punch, with engraved illualiations,
 &amp;c. —New Englander.
 ITT Good maanerB is the art of making
 those people happy with whom we converse.
 Whoevet makes the fewest persons uneasy is
 the best bred in the company.
IT? It is more from carelessness gbout truth
 than from intentional lying, that there is So
 much, falsehood in the world.
|D*An association of gentlemen from Wa
 ferbuty, Connecticut, are about to erect ex
 tensive copper wot ka at Detroit.
 Receipt*
 For the North Stab, from the 4th
 nth of m,. 'f Jvl
 George S. Hodge*
 ißev. *Y*
 lum- 1,00
 tes Brigham I»®®
 John W. Perry
 John Lindy 2/X)
 C. Bate* l o
 J antes Johnson V®
 Joseph Gilman I,CO
 D. Herrendean L®b
 \aronßowc k. 5.
 Edward Levi *&gt;so
 John J. Magnau
 Lorento Brook*
 Bradford King
 H. Johnson L f, 9
 Alva Johmt n
 Edwin P. Taylor
 Mias M. A. Caatol 1/W
 V. B. Drury 1#
 George Voaburgh 2,00
 T. J. Me Fetu*
 R. B. I .each f
 F.anoia Bedo 2,00
W[STAR’S BALS &gt;M OF WILD CHERRY.
 No Quackery—No Deception.—ln aetttug lorth
 ihe virtues of this truly gseat medicine, we h..ve
 no desire to deceive timer who are lal ormg uiidei
 ufflirt on, nor do we w ish to eulogise it more titan
 it i.ally deset ve*. Yet when we look aiouad anil
 see the vast amount of suffering and distress oc
 casioned hy many of the disease* in which this med
 icine has proved so highly successful, we feel uat
 we cannot uige its claim* too strongly, or say too
 much in its favor.
 We cut the following very valuab e and impor
 tant l&gt; alimony in lavor of WLtar’s Balsam ol
 W iIJ Cherry from l&gt; e spicy and highly respectable
 Daily Evening Transcript:—
 Providence, April 16, 1849.
 We take pleasure in recommending tins valuable
 medicine, ;tud tu doing so feel that we are doing
 our duty. We do not say this from mere hearsay,
 or from the examination of die large number ol
 certificate* from authentic sluices, (and person*,
 100, whom vie know 10 be rfi| eciable,) of the woo
 tier'til cure® wrought by *bi&lt; truly remarkable ilia*
 covery, but from a peno.wl knowledge cf several
 sptedy cures effected by it, in cases ol Cuuglit,
 Colds, and 1 iseases of the Lungs-
 Noue genuine, unless signed I. BLTIS cn the
 wrapper —Price one dolla. per botlfe, or six bot
 tles tor five dollars.
 For sale by Post k, WilLis; also hy W*.
 Piikih.
IT IS APoMi IVE FACT.
 And has become a c on.mon say&gt;ng that Bloan’s
 Ointment and condition powders ate rapidly super
 seding all oilier remedies lor all diseases of lioiee
 and cattle. Tt* lieauty of tlie medicines consi.-u in
 their purity and safety, to wit: tbev may be used
 ev® r«o freely without any danger of takittg cold, 01
 atiy oilier iniuiy resulting from their Iriqueut use,
 and never fail to rure if l&lt; e cir.ctions me followed.
 ftj-See Agents’ dames at tlie head of Sloan’s
 Column. For further pailicular* and testimonials
 get Pamphlet# from Agents
Job Priatiag!—Job Prilling! I
 CORN V K or BUFFALO AND EXCHANGE STS.,
 OVER 1. BELDEN’S HARDWARE STORE.
 SMITH k CLOUGH,
 Having recently made i Id it ions to their extensive
 Job Printing Office, are prepared to execute all or
 deis with neatiu ss and dispatch, and on as lilwral
 terms as any establishment in Western New V«rk
 —&gt;team or no steam. With a new and improved
 caid press from the works of Hoe A Co., and a
 .be late styles of type, we flatter ooiAehres that onr
 w&gt;rk of this kind cannot aarpassed. 1 ry Us.
 Way Bills, Shipping Bills,
 Handbills. Invitation Cards,
 Bill Heads, Business Cards,
 Law Blanks, Law Cases,
 Hooks, Pamphlets, Ac., Ac.,
 Duns in style, at'sbort notice.
 HtITH. W, CIQVGX.
7tdt&gt;crtisetntnto
Old Ladies Tike Nslice!
 I HAVE now mi hand and am constantly mantt
 factoring, FRONT BANDS, to rover up the
 gray hair, and b*ki places upon the front part tbi
 Lewd and temple*—and I will sell a neater, cheap
 er, and better aiticle (ban can be bought ia the
 Stent*.
 Call and see for yourselves.
 Also, Curls, Wig*, -mips, and Braids.
 J. ROotNSON, 19 Exchange street.
 N. B,—Also, India Hair Live, for coloring the
 h ir black.
 QCI-Cash p lid for Human Hair. ju 6—B*
JOSEPH C. BUSTILL, General Agent, Book-
 Keeper, Accountant, and Confidential Let
 ter Write-, would most respectfully inform hi*
 friends and the public in general, that he has fin
 tlteir accommodation, opened tiis office for al
 kinds of Agencies, the keeping of Books, cast
 ing account*, writing letters upon business, he.
 Deeds, VV ills, Bonds, Mortgages, the drawing ol
 Bon is, articles of agreement, Constitutions, bye
 laws, reports,communications, he he at No.lfi9.
 South Sixth Street, below Pine, Philadelphia, Pa.
 where by hie strict attention to btnr.ness lie hope*
 to secure their patronage, and merit their confi
 dence and esteem. Torus Cash. Office hour*
 from 9 a. at. to 9 Ml.
 Also Agent fur the North .Star, single copies
 of which can be obtained; and tbs sale of Lot* in
 Lebanon Cemetery. tf
WONDERFUL BOOK.
 NOW HEADY.
 The Mysterious Noises
 IN ROCHESTER and Western New York—A
 History of these remarkable sounds and of all
 he Strangs Phenonena connected therewith, the
 Spiritual Communications fcc. Mc»— price, single.
 12$ci»—10 copie* for 01. Orders by mail will be
 promptly attended to.
 Ten Agents wanted to sell the above work, al
 together with otlier new and valuable works to
 whom a fair cbono" make money will be given.
 A small capital of from 015 to $25 it quires, and
 the agenf will ba indemnified tons.
 5 D. M. DEWEY,
 raar29—4t Arcade Hall, Rochester, N. Y.
 Hope Grand Union Daughters of
 Temperance.
 THE HOPE GRAND UNION Danghters of the
 State of Pennsylvania,located in the City of Phi
 ladelphia, would most respectfully announce to the
 Public, that they are prepared to grant Charters,
 and organize Union* throughout the State of Penn
 sylvania. _
 Terms for Charter, $o-
 ADolicationsfor Charters must be made to
 HANNAH MARIA BUNDY, G. P. S. No 168
 Pine Street;
 SARAH RICHARDS, G.S. S. No. 147 So.
 6th, Street.
A JOURNAL FOR EVERY HOME
 THE
 NEW ENGLANDER:
 A WEERLY paper, devoted to
 Temperance, Education, Literature, Rform and In
 telligence amorally
 WM. A. WHITE, and CHAS. W. SLACK,
 EDITORS.
 IT is universally conceded that Intemperance and
 I n trance are the fruitful sources ot nearly all
 crime, and in theeradiclion of these this paper is
 actively interested. It likewise freely expresses
 the sentiments of its editors upon all tlie great re
 formatory questions of the day, and sympathises
 with all the enterprises of Christian Itenevolence.
 Combined with discussion on these subjects, each
 number will contain Original and Selected Stor.ee,
 Letters from Correspondents, A tides on Agricultural,
 Physiological and Scientific Matters, Literary Notings
 and Pickings, and a complete summary of the News
 of the Week.
 Tim NEW-ENGLANDF.R is »n its Ninth
 Volume, and the present is a favorable time to sub
 °TERMS.—Two Dollars per Annum, in
 variably in advance. No subscription taken for less
 than six mouths. Address all orders (post paid) to
 WILLIAM A. WHItE,
 Publisher and Proprietor, No. 30 School St. Boston.
From the New Ydrk Tribune,
 Water-Cure.— In another paw of this paper
 will be found the advertisement of l)r. Charles
 Munde’s establishment for Water-Cure, at North
 ampton, Mass. We, some months since, bad the
 pleasure of welcoming the arrival is tl.i* ©owulry of
 Dr. W. as a political! efugee, from Dresden. an ,i
 are now happy to chronic I* his permane*' settle
 ment within so short a ride of York. His
 Europeau reputation as a writer and prac
 tituii .rvi* of ag we q t large circle
 of friend* his fcH iJe skill and general man
 ors have &lt;ady nt .j here, will doulaless crowd
 w 'atients the institution over which lie p.e
 side*Tand which is siuwied m one of the loveliest
 and healthiest regions of New Eng and.
 Dll. CHARLES MUNDE’S
 Water-lure Establishment,
 A T NORTHAMPTON, MASS—Dr. MUN-
 A DE respectfully informs his friends and the
 oublic, that he has become the owner of the late Dr.
 Buggies* Water-CureEstablishment at tensor, v die.
 A miles from the Northampton Railroad Depot, 7
 hours’ ride from New-York, about 6 from Boston,
 and 6 from Albanv,situated in one ol the pleasei..eM
 v dlies of New England, surrounded with wood
 hill. ,',..1, *Lv W.IK., -.1
 SsriwilhUK p««, ,otle&gt;. col.fe.l
 water The air is pore end healthy, and the clim
 ate mild and agreeable. The new and spacious
 buildings offer all the neces-ary conveniences for
 i water-cure purposes, such as large P lun B*
 .touches and aii y lodging rooms for about 50 pa
 tients, separate lor eit er sex, a gymnasium, ec.
 The Doctor being ibe earliest now hv ng disciple
 of PriessniU at Graefcnburgh, and liavmg an ex
 i eriem eof more titan 15 yeai sof his ow n, his writ
 nga on Water-cure lieing in the bands of every
 European hydropath, hopes to resend to uny rea
 ionable expectations from the water-eure-system,
 I made on the part of diose sufferers who may confide
 themselves to him.
IMPORTANT TO THE LADIES.
 CLOAKS! CLOAKS!
 10j000 Cloaks Mantillas and French Sacks
 selling' off at astonishing low prices
 WE RESPECTFULLY INFORM OUR
 friends and the public, that one of the firm has
 now returned from Europe, whe re he has been pur
 cha«ing, We have received tlie LONDON AND
 FRENCH FASHIONS, which are very heantiful,
 from which we are very extensively manufacturing
 Cloaks, Ac., of tlie richest anti most fashionable
 materials in use, such as Velvets, Turk Satins,
 Black Silks, French Merino*, Thibet Cloths, fee.—
 The designs and workmanship are excellent,embra
 cing taste, elegance, and durability.
 We would say to tlie LADIES, ONE AND ALL,
 CALL AND SEE FOR YOURSELVES as we tee I
 warranted in the assertion that our prices are at
 least 25 per cent, less titan the materials can be
 purchased elsewhere, and made up in a more supe
 rior mam er than they can get litem made up them-
 M lves—some good Cloak# and Viseties at $3,50
 ert Qur stock of rich Black Silks. T urk Satins, Vel
 feta, Merino®, Gimps, and Fringes, is very large,
 and will be sold off at astonishingly low FRi
 ces. All persons requiring such good* are invited
 m rail and examine our stuck.
 toe de ne wAMgLEy BROTHERS.
 Emporium Block, 55 Main st., Rochester, and
 14 Cathaiine st.. New York. oct26 3m
The 014 Cnrositj Shop,
 At No 48 Exchange Street Rochester.
 LLOYD SCOTT, grateful for the patronage
 awarded him, would respectfully inform his
 (riends anti the public generally, that he lias recently
 enlarged his establishment and augmented his stock
 of Men’s, Women’s, and Children’s. New and
 .Second hand apparel, lu addition to this depart
 ment he will buy and sell House and Store Furni
 ture, Books, Jewelry, Fancy articles, Mechanical
 ami agricultural implements, and indeed all those
 various “odds and ends” of which may not be
 readily obtained at other places. It is his intention
 to, keep The Old Cumsity Shop” welj furnished
 with an endless variety of articles for which |te will
 pay lilierally and dispose of at satisfactory pricts.
 Clothing repaired and renovated with neatness
 and des^ i c t h forget M The Old Cwrosity Shop.
 Rochester March 1849*
Dental Surgery.
 I would respectfully inform the citixens of Rocbestet
 aud surrounding eouutry, that I have removed my
 office IronrNo. 88 Smith’s Arcade to my dwelling
 house No. 92 Monroe Street.
 1 hankfnl tor past favors in the line of my profes
 sion, and flattering myself that I can give perfect
 satisfaction to all who may fevor me with thiur pa
 tronage. I would invite all those wbe ate de
 sirous of having operations performed an the teeth m
 of I wring teeth inserted to call on mr.nnd satisfy
 tliemaeivee. _ A CLARK.
 N. B. Ail operations performed by me en the
 teeth and PWta work wanaated.
 Rochester, Oct. 13,184*. ft
 1 v
SLOAN’S COLUMN.
AH the medicines advertised by W. B. Skma
 are sold by Foot h Willi,, Winslow k Young, R»
 cheater; 8. Kenshaw, Frankfort; A. 8. Bnirsto
 0., Lewiston; T. &lt;t A. Fry,, Brock port; Caleb
 Nye, Ptttoford; W. William*, Bufla.o; sad by
 mo t druggists throughout the United States.
 FAMILY OINTMENT.
 SLOAN’S OINTMENT is now universally ac
 knowledged to be an infalliilde remedy, in every
 case wheru it ho* bees faithfully applied on the hu
 man system, for promoting Insensible i’erspinttion,
 drawing out the inflammation front a wound, re
 lieving pain of every kind, and in its healing
 qualities the world does not produce its equal, tad
 |ke puWic pronounce it the cheapen t and best rami-,
 ly Ointment that has ever been used. AH diseases
 of the Flesh, Obstinate Ulcers, Old Sores, Chil
 bkiins, Sore Throat, Burns, Cuts, Cutaneous
 Eruption, Sore Nipples, S &gt;re Breasts, Diseases of
 the Eye, Ague in die face, side, buck, and the
 &gt;er 1 P®* l of the system, Boils, Ulcers, Scald
 Head, Bruise*, Fresh Wounds, and every knd of
 sures containing the least particle of inflammation
 are permanently cured by this gn at remedy.
 W. B. SLOAN,
 Grand Depot, 40_Lakc si., Chicago, ID.
DOCTORINO IN UAI.KNA.
 Mr. Sloan: —Door Sir. AI out three years age
 I was severely injured ia one of uiv legs by tne
 falling of a pile of wood which occasioned largo
 running ulcers. Nearly ever) .ha-tor in Galena
 tried to cure them; but tried in train, until from
 sympathy and improper treatment my other leg be
 came as bad as the one originally wounded. I
 despaired of ever being well agr.hi rr. in order
 that I might neglect no mean* '-.him my reach, I
 purchased ot your agent in Galena some of your
 Ointment, and you can judge o r my surprise and
 gratitude bcttei titan can exiuess ir, to find my
 self entirely well before I ha t finished using the
 second &gt;x&gt;x.
 These facts I make known that otliers afflicted
 many believe and not delay using so valuable an
 Ointment as yours lias proved to be. Respectfully,
 your grateful friend, EVAN DAVIS.*
 Galena, 111., Dec. 19,1049.
ON HIS HANDS AND &amp;NSEB.
 Mr. W. B. Sloi n Dir Sir: I hereby certify
 that my son All* it, e even years of age, was
 afflicted in his feet fiom the time he first began to
 walk, the bottoms of which were covered with a
 hard dry skin full of craks, causing pain and much
 affliction, many times he was obliged to go on his
 handsand knees, and no time has he liecn free from
 tlie sore affliction until now; baffling the skill of
 several physician*; but to our surprise Ins feet are
 now perfectly smooth soft an lire horn -nicks, all
 from one application of your liniment, I would suy
 the boy put it on himseff as an experiment of Ins
 own, from hearing in recommended Nothing mora
 was thought of it for three week*, at which time
 his feet were near about in a huallLy tilt) and ore
 now tlie same as though they never had been other
 wise. Yours, he.
 ISAAC PADFN. 1
 Galesburg, Knox Co., 111., April 2d, 1849.
FIVE LARGE DEEP ULCERS.
 Sheboygan, Wis., March 2,1849.
 Dr. W. B. Sloan —Pear Sir: In my opinion,
 the greatest cure* effected are those that have
 longest resisted the skill of tlie Medical Faculty.
 Admitting that to lie a fact, I have a case in point,
 lo wit: Mr. James Sanford, of Sheboygan Falls, was
 crippled two years with five large deep ulcers, just
 above the ankle. The leg was so much swollen he
 oould not get on a boot. Nearly all tlie most pop
 ular Physicians in various places, have treated bis
 case without any beneficial effect.
 Last August, Mr. Hanford, solicited my advice.
 I succeeded in reducing tlie swelling and healed two
 of the sores. Tlie other three I labored at till the
 first of February, without much if any lieaefit, when
 I gave him a box of Sloan’s Ointment, and
 in three weeks he was well.
 Respectfully yours
 C.B. OSTRANDER, M. D,
THE BEST AND CHEAPEST
 HORSE MEDICINE
 IN THE WORLD,
SLOAN’S OMk’MICAT
 AND
 CONDITION POWDER
 HAYR earned a great name.
BURNT TO CIHDERr
 w. D. Sloan:—
 Dear Sir: Justice demands that I should return
 to you my unfeigned thanks for vour unparal
 leled Ointment. Three week# ago my daugh
 ter’s clothes caught fire, and before the flames ootifo
 be extinguished, they were all burnt to cinders, the
 child was so badly burned that death seemed inevi
 table in less than twenty four hours. Your Ointment
 was recommended, and used with success—it gave
 perfect relief! It is needless to add that the child is
 now well and about her business. —The medicine is
 all and more than it is recommended to lie. Every
 family and person should have it in their posses
 l feel [i tided ted to you for ray child’s life, and
 anything that 1 can do for you or your medicine, I
 am ready and willing to peiform.
 Your humble servant,
 JOHN H. CRANE.
 Flint Creek, Lake Co., 111.,
 Feb. 28th, 1849.
For Purify, ifddnttt, Safety, Certainty)
 land ThoTough.neti iN'i/MA’lf
 01NTMEET ExceU,
 And is rapidly superseding all oilier Ointments and
 Liniments now in use for the cure ol the following
 diseases:
 Fresh Wounds, G dls of all kinds, Sprains,
 Bruises, Cracked He*U, Ringbone, WiinlgaMi, l oJi
 Evil, Callus, Spavins, Sweeney, Fistula, Siifost,
 Strains, Lameness,Sand Cracks, Foundered Feet.
 Scratches or Grease, Mange and Horn Distemper.
 The Fowder will remove all inflammation and
 fever, purify tlie blood, loosen die skin, demise Urn
 water, and strengthen every part of tlie body; and
 has proved a sovereign remedy for the following
 diseases:
 Distemper, Hide-bound, Los* of Appetite, Inward
 Strains, Yellow Water, Inflammation of the Eyes,
 Fatigue from hard exercise. Also, Rheumatism
 (commonly called stiff complaint,) which proves so
 fatal to many valuable horses in this country. It
 also a safe and certain remedy for coughs and oolds,
 r-u. "“j wjT» L o*n,
 Grand Depot, 40 Lake st., Chicago, Illinois.
TOO MUCH
 Cannot be said in favor of Sloan’s Ilcrse Modi
 dines. Our neighbors, ftiends and »ct|imintances
 who have used them, tastily their approbation m no
 ordinary terms, and rec«•imittnd tliem with confi
 cence. Cures, almost miraculous Iwve been effected
 by this medicine. “Every disease which the horse
 is heir to” is cured, permanently, by tlie use
 Sloan’s Medicines. THY THEM and test lor your
 self their efficacy.—lff. Organ, May btn, 1849.
 I
 HIGHLY SPOKRN OF.
 Extract from the Wauketha Democrat TV«.
 May 9,1849
 "“Sloan’s Medicines.” —A subscriber writing
 from the town of New Bet lilt, requests us to say,
 that lie has used Mr. Sloan’s Hoise Ointment in
 several instances during tlie past winter, and
 always with the desired effect, and w isbes us to
 recommend it to those who have the use and care
 of horses. Mr. Sloan’s medicines are highly
 spoken of generally, aud from tlie favorable ac
 quaintance we have with that gentleman, we are led
 to believe that they are ptepared with a view to
 give a real benefit to whatever purpose they are re
 commended
 aATTLB ENAXE HOT.
 Pi, w. B. SLOAN—Xfeer Sir—Last month M
 A B. Tat lor, of Gopher Hill, Indiana, had
 bAse badly biifen on the nose hy a katth snake
 gome ten homrs after, I saw the horse, hie head waa
 remarkably swollen, 1 immediately applied yoar
 Ointment freely, and we were astoumhed at tin
 prompt relief mSorded. In Ices than one l.our the
 welling began to abate, and in twenty four hows st
 had nearly all subsided, and within three da&gt; ,k«
 horse was hot only fit for use, but wag adur lh J u
 bud labor without any uijur fo'u result 1
 V «Ta restvetfid'v
 L.B.BARTUTT,
 8,1919,
"
