"J? ottr j).
f From the London Times. 1
 THE WORLD IS FULL OF BEAUTY.
 There is a voice within me.
 And ’tis so sweet a voice,
 That its soft lispings win me,
 Till tears start to mine eyes;
 Deep from my sotil it springeth.
 Like hidden melody;
 And evermore it singeth
 This song of songs to me:
 This world is full of beauty,
 As other worlds above;
 And if we did our duty.
 It might be full ot lore!
 If faith and loving kindness
 Passed coin ’twixt heart and heart,
 )ld Bigotry’s dark blindness
 And malice would depart.
 If men were more forgiving,
 Were kind words often spoken,
 Instead of scorn so grieving,
 There would be few hearts broken.
 When Plenty’s round us smiling,
 Why wakes this cry for bread?
 Why are crushed millions toiling,
 Gaunt—clothed in rags—unfed?
 The sunny hills and valleys
 Blush ripe with fruit and grain;
 But the lordlings of the palace
 Still robs his fellow men.
 O God! what hosts are trampled
 Smlrtsi chfTpreee or gold,
 What noble hearts are sapped of life,
 What spirits lose their holdj
 And yet upon this God-blessed earth
 There’s room for every one;
 Ungarnerod food still ripens,
 'I o waste, rot in the sun;
 For the world is full of beauty,
 As other worlds above;
 And if we did our duty,
 It. might be full of love!
 Let the law of bloodshed perish,
 War’s gore and glory, splendor—
 And men will learn to cherish
 Feeling* more kind and tender
 W ere we true unto each other,
 WeM banish Hale and Crime;
 Arid clasp the hand of a brother,
 In any land or dime!
 It gold were not an idol.
 Were mind and merit worth,
 Oh there would be a bridal
 Betwixt high heaven ana earth.
 Wer* truth an uttered language,
 Angel* might talk with men,
 Aid God illumined earth shall see
 The golden age again,
 For the leaf-tongue of the forest—
 The dower-lips of the sod—
 'l lie birds that hymn their raptures
 Into the ear of God—
 And the sweet wind that bringeth
 The music of the sea,
 Have each a voice that singelh
 This song of songs to me:
 This world is full of beauty.
 As other worlds aliove;
 And if we did our duty,
 It might lie full of love.”
 A SILVER LINING TO EVERY CLOUD
 ITT ELIZA COOK.
 Tlie poet or priest who told us this,
 Served mankind in the holiest way,
 For it ht up the earth with the star of bliss
 That lieacons the soul with fearful ray,
 'l’oo often we wander, despairing and blind,
 Kieathing our useless mt.rmurs aloud:
 But ’tis kinder to bid us seek and find
 A silver lining to every cloud.”
 May we not walk in the dingle ground
 When nothing but autumn’s dead leaves are seen
 But search beneath them, and peeping around
 Are the young spring tufts of blue and green:
 ’Tis a beautiful eye that ever perceives
 I he presence of God in mortality’s crowd;
 ’Tis a saving creed that thinks and believes
 4 I’liere’s a silver lining iu every cloud.
 Let us look closely before we condemn
 Bushes dial bear no bloom nor fruit?
 Tliere may not lie beauty in leaves nor stem,
 But virtue may dwell far down at the root.
 An I let us lie ware how we utterly spurn
 Brothers that seem all cold and proud;
 If dieir bosoms were oye.ied, percha nee wemiglu
 learn
 Tliere*s a silver lining to every cloud.”
 Let us not cast out memory and truth,
 M hen guilt is before us in chains and shame,
 When passion and vice have cankered youdi,
 And age lives on with a branded ,iame;
 .Something of good may still be there.
 Though its voice inav never be lieard aloud,
 For, wbi e black with die vapors of pestilent air,
 1 here’s a silver lining to eveiy cloud.”
 Sad are the sorrows that oftentimes come,
 Heavy, and dull, and blighting, and chill,
 Shutting the light from our lieart and our home,
 Marring our hopes and defying our will;
 But let u* not sink beneath the woe—
 ’Tis well, perchance, we are uied and bowed—
 For be sure, chough we may not oft see it below,
 There’• a cilver lining to every cloud.”
 And when stern death, with skeleton hand,
 lias snalcned the flower that grew in our breast,
 Do we not think of a fairer land,
 Wliere tl»e lost are found, and the weary at rest?
 Oh! the hope of die unknown future springs
 In the pure strength o’er the coffin and shroud;
 The shadow is dense, but faim’s spirit voice sings,
 11 There’s a silver lining to every cloud.”
 (From ilie Liberator
 ICHABOD.*
 RKFLr TO WHITTIER.
 He sinned when light, a brilliant light.
 Shone on his path:
 .Now admiration of his might
 Is changed to wrath!
 ‘Revile him not!’ Whom God hath cursed?
 Him can we bless?
 Or spare our ‘tears’ for him? No! fust
 I*l him confess!
 Wlien God’s own truth shines in tin* wav,
 The Tempter’s snares’
 L*e open to the light of day;
 Fall, then, wlio dare*!
 We do well to be angry,* when
 A mighty man
 Would sacrifice hi* fellow men
 To serve his plan!
 When such a man turns fiend, our ‘scorn’
 Should blast his fame!
 And generations yet unborn
 Should curse his name!
 We ‘bumbled’ by his fall? Not we!
 Is he a slave?
 'Tis his own choice—lie might lie free—
 Chains’did he crave!
 OLD COLOVT.
 Plymouth, Mass.
 'lckobod' mtant Wtbtttr; amr,e.
Jfltecfllancoue.
From Clumber*’ Journal.
 THE FFGITIVE NEGRO BLACK
 SMITH.
 We have had the satisfaction o
 forming the acquaintance of a veritable
 negro doctor of divinity—a man o
 agreeable manners, and pastor of i
 colored congregation. The history o
 this person—the Rev. James W. C
 Pennington—which has been publishee
 in the form of a small volume, is so cu
 rious, that we propose drawing atten
 tion to its comments.
 Dr. Pennington was born a slave
 in the State of Maryland, and for the
 first twenty-one years of his life he
 was brought up chiefly on the estate o
 his master, who also owned his mothei
 and several brothers and sisters
 While still young, he was taught the
 craft of a blacksmith, in which occu
 pation he made himself so useful t&lt;
 his proprietor, that his value, whci
 grown up, was a least at thousand dol
 lars. Brought up in total ignorance
 of letters or of religion, and performin(
 the dull round of mechanical drudgery
 James was left entirely to the rudi
 promptings of Nature. There was ii
 him nevertheless, as in God’s crea
 tures a spirit, which revolted agains
 coarse oppression, and made him aigl
 Tor lihAotjr— iii« unchallenged posses
 sionofhis own person. The specta
 cle of his father “cow-hided” for n&gt;
 offence produced a commotion of feel
 mg that almost induced him to fly;—
 and matters were brought to a crisi
 by a fresh insult. “I was one day,'
 savs he, “shoeing a horse in the sho
 yard. I had been stooping for som
 time under the weight of the horse
 which was large, and was very tired
 meanwhile my master had taken a po
 sition on a little hill just in front of me
 and stood leaning back on his cane
 with his hat drawn over his eyes, 1 pu
 down the horse’s foot, and straightens
 myself up to rest a moment, and with
 out knowing that he was there, my ey
 caught his. This threw him into i
 panic of rage; he would have it that
 was watching him.
 “What are you rolling your whit
 eyes at me for, you lazy rascal. H
 came down upon me with his cane
 and laid over my shoulders, arms, an
 legs, about a dozen severe blows, s
 that my limbs and flesh were sore fo
 several weeks, and then, after severs
 other offensive epithets, he left me
 This affair my mother saw from he
 cottage, which was near; I being on
 of the oldest sons of my parents, ou
 family was now mortified to the low
 est degree. I had always aimed to b&lt;
 trustworthy; and feeling a high de
 gree of mechanical pride, I had aime&lt;
 to do my work with despatch and skill
 my blacksmith’s pride and taste wa
 one thing that had reconciled me to be
 come a slave. I sought to distinguis!
 myself in the finer branches of the busi
 ness by invention and finish; 1 fre
 quently tried my hand at making gun
 and pistols, putting blades in penknive
 making fancy hammers,hatchets sw *rd
 canes, &amp;c. Besides I used to assis
 jmy father at night in making strai
 hats and willow baskets, by whicl
 means we supplied our families with lit
 tie articles of food, clothing and luxury
 which slaves in the mildest form of th
 system never get from the master; bu
 after this, I found that my mechanic’
 pleasure and pride were gone,
 r thought of nothing but the family dis
 grace under which we were smarting
 and how to get rid of it.”
 Without counsel or assistance
 James determined to abscond, and i
 possible, to reach the free soil of Penn
 sylvania. One Sunday in November
 when all was quiet he stole away int&lt;
 the woods, but so ill provided for fligh
 that his whole stock of provisions wa
 a morsel of Indian corn bread, abou
 half a pound in weight. Pursuing hii
 way, darkness came on, and his onf
 guide was now the north star, thong]
 when or where he should strike Penn
 sylvania, or find a friend, he knew not
 Several days at least would require t&lt;
 be consumed on the journey. At threi
 o’clock in the morning the strength o
 the fugitive began to fail, and he fei
 the chilling effects of the dew. “A
 this moment gloom and melancholy
 again spread through my whole soul
 The prospect of utter destitution whicl
 threatened me was more than l couU
 bear, and my heart began to melt
 What substance is there in a piece o;
 dry Indian bread what nourishment ic
 there in it to warm the nerves ol
 one already chilled to the heart?
 Will this afford sufficient sustenance
 after the toil of the night? But while
 these thoughts were agitating my mind
 the day dawned upon me, in the midst
 of an open extent of country,where the
 only shelter I could find, without risk
 ing travel by daylight, was a corn
 shock, but a tew hundred yards from
 the road, and here I must pass my
 first day out. The day was an unhap
 py one; my hiding-place was extreme
 ly precarious. I had to sit in a squat
 ting position the whole day, without
 the least chance to rest. But besides
 this, my scanty pittance did not afford
 me that nourishment which my hard
 nights travel needed. Night came
 again to my relief; and I sallied forth to
 pursue my journey. By this time not
 a crumb of my crust remained, and I
 was hungry, and began to feel the des
 peration of distress. As I traveled, I
 felt my strength failing, and my spirits
 wavered; my mind was a deep and
 melancholy dream. It was cloudy: I
 could not see my star, and had serious
 misgivings about my course. In this
 way the night passed away, and just
 at the dawn of day I found a few sour
 apples, and took my shelter under the
 arch of a small bridge that crosted the
 road. Here I passed the second day
 in ambush. 7
 Night came on, and he once more
 proceeded on his* wearisome journey.
 I* requently he was overcome with
 hunger and fatigue, and sat down and
 slept fora few minutes.—At the dawn
 of day he saw a toll bar, and here he
 ventured to ask the best way to Phila
 delphia. This information he received
 and set off in the right direction. His
 taking the open road was fatal. Short
 ly he was observed by a man who was
 vigilant in detecting runaway negroes,
 and by him he was ordered to give an
 account of himself. After a little par
 ley, James took to his heels; buta hue
and cry being raised, he was speedily
 captured. Led to a tavern as a pris
 oner, his fate appeared to be no long
 er doubtful. To all questionings James
 persisted in saying he was a free man;
 but he could produce no papers, and
 his case was desperate. Here takes
 place what the writer calls a moral di
 lemma. In imminent risk of being sent
 back to slavery and punishment, was
 he justified in trying to escape by tel
 ling a falsehood? We may hope that
 the recording angel will blot out the
 unfortunate negro’s offence against
 truth on this occasion. James’ fabri
 cated story was ingenious. He had
 belonged to a slave-trader who had
 been taken ill and died of small pox
 while on his way to Georgia with a lot
 of slaves. Several of the gang also
 died of this infectious disease, and no
 one claiming, or wishing to have any
 thing to do with the survivors, they all
 dispersed. On hearing this account,
 the assembled bystanders moved off to
 a respectable distance, and some voted
 for letting him go. He was however
 retained during the day, and received
 some food, which was the first meal he
 had eaten since Sunday. Towards
 night, being watched only by a boy, he
 contrived to slip away, and again was
 lost to pursuit among the woods.
 Wandering in darkness, the north
 star being shrouded in murky clouds,
 and stumbling through bushes ant
 marshy grounds, the miserable fugi
 tive was totally at a loss as to w'hat
 course to pursue. “At a venture,’
 says he “I struck northward in search
 of the road. After several hours ol
 I zig zag and laborious travel, dragging
 through briars, thorns, runvines, 1
 emerged from the wood, and found my
 self wading marshy ground and ovei
 ditches. I can form no correct idee
 of this distance I traveled, but I came
 to a road. I should think, about three
 o’clock in the morning. It so happen
 ed that I came where there was t
 fork in the road of three prongs. No«
 1 arose a serious query—which is the
 right prong former I was remindei
 by the circumstance of a superstition:
 firoverb among the slaves, that “tin
 eft hand turning is unlucky,” but a:
 I had never been in the habit of pla
 cing faith in this or any similar super
 stitition, I am not aware that it had tin
 I least weight upon my mind, as I hat
 the same difficulty with the right ham
 turning. After a few moments’ parlej
 with myself, I took the central pronj
 of the road, and pushed on with all mj
 speed. It had not cleared off, but i
 fresh wind had sprung up; it was chil
 ly and searching. This, with my we
 clothing made me very uncomfortable
 my nerves began to quiver before tV
 searching w'ind. The barking of mas
 lifts, the crowing of fow ls, and the d
 tant rattling of market wagons, warn
 ed me that day was approaching.”
 At this juncture h'» sees a farm es
 tablished with a sma,.', hovel-like barn
 and into this he glaaly skulked, am
 buried himself among tiie straw. Hen
 he lay the whole Thursday, his onl;
 danger being the yelping of a smal
 dog, who had noticed his entrance in
 to the barn. In the course of the nf
 ternoon he heard with terror the noisi
 of horsemen who passed in search o
 him.—They spoke a few words to thi
 farmer, mentioning that the runawa
 j nigger was a blacksmith, and that i
 reward of two hundred dollars was of
 fered for his recovery. It was now to&lt;
 evident that the country was arouset
 on the subject of his escape. Nigh
 came, and he was again on the route
 but speed was out of the question
 “All I could do was *o keep my legs ii
 r motion and this J continued to do will
 the utmost difficulty.—The latter par
 of the night I suffered extremely fron
 cold. There came a heavy frost;
 expected at every moment to fall on thi
 road and perish. I came to a corn
 field covered with heavy shocks of In
 dian corn that had been cut; I wen
 into this and got an ear, and thei
 crept into one of the shocks—ate a
 much of it as I could, and thought
 would rest and start again; hut wear
 nature could not sustain the operatioi
 of grinding corn lor his own nourish
 meat and I sunk to sleep. When
 awoke the sun was shining around,
 started with alarin, but it was too lat&lt;
 to think of seeking another shelter;
 therefore nestled myself down, ary
 j concealed myself, as best as I coub
 from the light of day. After recover
 a little from my fright, I common
 ced eating my whole corn. Grain bj
 grairi l worked away at it ;when mj
 jaws grew tiV?* 4 a* flften did, J
 would rest, and then be K ir
 Thds, although I began an
 breakfast, I was nearly the whole of
 the forenoon before I had done.
 Nothing of importance occurred during
 the day, until about the middle of the
 afternoon, when 1 was thrown into a
 panic by the appearance of a party of
 gunners, who passed near me with
 their dogs. After shooting one or two
 birds, however, and passing within a
 few rods of my frail covering, they went
 on and left me once more in hope.
 Friday night came without any other
 incident worth raming. As I sallied
 out, I felt very evident benefit from
 the oar of corn I had nibbled away
 My strength was considerably renew
 ed, though I was far from being nour
 ished, I felt that my life was at least
 safe from death by hunger. Thus en
 couraged, I set out with better speed
 than I had made since Sunday and
 Monday night.”
 He now believed himself to be near
 the boundary line of Pennsylvania, and
 under this impression, skipped and
 sang for joy.—The day dawned, and
 the fugitive continued his course on the
 public road. What ensued may be
 in his own words: “A little after the
 sun rose, I came in sight of a toll gate.
 For a moment, all the events which
 followed my passing a toll gate on
 Wednesday morning came fresh to my
 recollection and produced some hesi
 tation; but at all events, said I, will try
 agaiu On arriving at the gate I found
 it attended only by an elderly woman
 whom I afterward learned was a widow
 and an excellent Christian woman. I
 asked her if I was in Pennsylvania
 On being informed that I was, I ask
 her if she knew where I could get em
 ployment. She said she did not, but
 advised me to go to W W
 t Quaker, who lived about three miles
 from her, whom I would find to take at
 interest in me. She gave me direc-
tions which way to take. I thanked
 her and bade her good morning and
 was very careful to follow her direc
 tions. In about half an hour I stood
 at the door of W W
 After knocking, the door opened upon
 a comfortable-spread table, the sight
 of which seemed at once to increase
 my hunger sevenfold. Not daring to
 enter l said I had been sent to him in
 search of employment. “Well,” said
 he, “come in and take thy breakfast,
 and get warm!” These words, spo
 ken by a stranger, but with such an
 air of simple sincerity and fatherly
 kindness made an overwhelming im
 pression upon my mind. They made
 me feel, in spite of all my fear and ti
 midity, that I had, in the providence of
 God, found a friend and a home.—He
 at once gained my confidence, and I
 felt that l might confide to him a fact
 which, I had as yet confided to no one,
 From that day to this, whenever I dis
 cover the least disposition in my heart
 to disregard the wretched position of
 any poor or distressed persons, with
 whom I meet, I call to mind these
 words—“ Come in and take thy break
 fast, and get warm.” They invariably
 remind me of what I was at that time.
 My condition was as wretched as that
 of any human being can psssibly he,
 with the exception of the loss of heath
 or reason. I had but four pieces of
 clothing about my person, having left
 all the rest in the hands of my captors.
 I was a starving fugitive, without home
 or friends; a reward offered for niy
 person in the public papers; pursued
 by cruel man-hunters, and no claim
 upon him to whose door I went. Had
 he turned me away I must have per
 ished. Nay, he took me in, and gave
 of his food, and shared with me his
 own garments. Such treatment I had
 never before received from the hands
 of any white man,” We have copied
 the whole of this passage. Its simple
 eloquence is the best tribute that can
 be paid to that spirit of benevolence
 which so universally distinguishes the
 Society of Friends.
 By VV W |CF* (it might be
 imprudent to give the whole name ol
 this good man,) the wretched wander
 er was, as he tells us, fed, clothed and
 employed; not only so, but was in
 structed in reading, writing and much
 useful knowledge. Here, for the first
 time also, did he learn one word of the
 truths of religion. “As my friend
 poured light into.my mind, I saw the
 darkuess; it amazed and grieved me
 beyond description. Sometimes I sank
 down under the load, and became dis
 couraged, and dared not hope that I
 could ever succeed in acquiring knowl
 edge enough to make me happy, or
 useful to my fellow-beings. My dear
 friend W W however,
 had a happy tact to inspire me with
 confidence: and he, perceiving my
 stato of mind, exerted himself, not
 without success, to encourage uie.
 He cited to me various instances of
 colored persons, of whom I had not
 heard before, and who had distinguish
 ed themselves for learning—such as
 Bannickcr, Whealfty, and Francis
 Williams.”
 James resided with the benevolent
 Quaker for six months, when it became
 necessary to depart and pursue his for
 tunes elsewhere.—He found employ
 ment in T'Ong Island. The subse
 quent career of the refugee is not nar
 rated in the work before us; but we
 learn from himself, that, by the kind
 ness of friends, he was educated for
 the Christian ministry, for which his
 aptitude in learning, and his tastes in
 clined him. In due time, he became
 pastor of a colored congregation in
 New York in connection with the
 Presbyterian body.—To this scene of
 usefulness he remains attached, and is
 now on a visit, for a few months only,
 to Europe. At the late Peace Con
 gress at Paris, it will be recollected
 that] he made a respectable appear
 ance; so much so, that the University
 of Heidelberg, much to its honor, had
 conferred on him the degree of Doc
 tor ofDivink) —the diploma for which
 distinction has been submitted to our
 inspection. It is, we believe, the first
 time that any such honor has been con
 ferred on a member ofthemuch abused
 negro race, and will, it is to he hoped,
 •carry its proper weight beyond the At
 lantic. Dr. Pennington returns to
 New York in May, and is meanwhile
 visiting various parts of Great Britain,
 where he meets the attention due to
 his talents and acquirements, and the
 worthy direction which he has given
 them.
WAjiHiNjGTOH, June, 23,1850.
 Senator Wt s Pn o^«um.ento.
 -A rich scene ca.T* uff of
 Brown’s Hotel to-day (Sunday.;
 Foote, who is much excitjd by the ar
 ticles which appears in the Mississpp
 ian against himself and his friend Judge
 Starkey, during a controversy which
 Judge Smith, openly denounced his
 enemies in the porch of that Hotel this
 morning, in his usual energetic man
 ner and collected around him a large
 crowd of passers by, who witnessed
 the scene with much amusement.
 During his remarks he defended the 1
 course ot the Administration on the
 California question, and stated his de- 1
 termination not to resign his preten- 1
 tensions to re-election to the Senate,
 and that if superseded he would take
 the stump like Benton.—JWtc York 1
 Tribune.
Progress is the interpreter of
 History. It reproduces the past,
 threads the tangle mazes of the pres
 ent, and augurs the future. It is the
 eternal lamp by which wisdom is guid
 ed through the dark labyrinths of the
 world; by which she reads
 deed in the soul of humanity, in defi
 ance of its foul disguises, and beholds
 hope sculptured on the gates of hell.
 Progress is also an inclosed highway;
 its extremities are occupied by the sav
 ago and tbe angel, the animal sacrifice
 of fear and lust preparing below the
 spiritual offering ot love and knowledge
 made on high.
IC7*Tbey call Ben. D’laraelt the
 Parliamentary Jenny Lind, as he is
 sure to attract a crowded house when
 about to speak. On tl%e same scale,
 Webster must be called the Marini
 and Clay the Salvi, of the Senate.—
 High honors for statesmen —NesA.
SUruertisenunts.
Asjfian for the Sick.
 DR. HAMILTON’S Hydropathic ami Analytic
 Asylum, No 217 Exchange Street, opposite the
 Orphan Asylum, Rochester, N.Y. This institution
 tenow firmly established and in successful opera
 tion. The proprietor analyses every disea* e hat ia
 admitted them, and applies the natural and appro
 priate remedy. Although water ia used in every way
 that is applied in any water-cure establishment in
 the United States, yet the proprietor wishes it to I*
 expressly understood that il is not relied on as the only
 or principal lemedy in the treatment of disease sub
 mitted to his care.
 Tliis Establishment is designed for that class of
 invalids who have failed to obtain their health by all
 other systems of practice, and are still unable to
 walk or stand on their feet, and are confined to tlieir
 beds, wearing out a life of misery and suffering with
 out any hope of ever being any better.
 Tbe remedies made use of in tliia Institution not
 only entirely remove disease hot give increased
 sirensth and elasticity to the system. Many have
 been brought here from different parts of tlie coun
 try, who had neither walked or home tlieir weight
 on their feet fiom five to fifteen years; ami some
 who have been unable to dress or undress, or even
 to feed themselves, and in the course of a few weeks
 would be walking with the elasticity of youth and
 the quickness of a pedestrian, astonished at them
 selves, and surprising their friends and all who saw
 them when they first came. The treatment of this
 Institution is particularly calculated to remove the
 diseases peculiar to females, such as
 Ist. The falling of the Womb, in all its stages
 and conditions in patients, from twelve years of age
 up to sixty, and even if they have been confined to
 their beds from one to twenty, unable to stand, walk,
 dress, or undress themselves, or even too feeble to
 bear any noise or speak aloud.
 2d. Weakness and Falling of tbe Bowels; l’ain
 injthe Side, Shoulders, Back and Heat) Spinal
 Diseases, Liver Complaints, Sinking Sensatiou at
 tW* Stomach. Palpitation ut the Heart, Dyspepsia
 all its forms and stages. Piles, f\&gt;9tive:ieiu&gt; t Di
 arrhcea, Suppression of the Menses, Excessive
 Menstruation, Whites, all Nervous Diseases, Cold
 Feet and Hands, St. Anthony’s Dance, Tetters of
 all kinds, Salt Rheum, in its worst forms, Neural
 gia, Tic Douloureux, Rheumatism, Cnnsumptiod in
 its first stages, General Weakness ami Debility.
 The proprietor has given his whole attention to
 the alwive diseases for the last ten years, and has
 treated them in an entirely different way from any
 other private practice or public Institution in this
 country; and such has lieen his snqcess, and so cer
 tain are his remedies in tlieir effects on those dis
 eases, that instead of publishing a long list of cer
 tified cures, he wii-hes to give that class of invalids
 seeking to obtain their health a sufficient guarantee
 against any false pretensions, exaggeration, impo
 sition or deception, so that no one need be to any
 expense in this Institution without being honefked
 The proprietor w ill enter into a special conlrac,
 witti any one who wishes to do so, that he will ad
 nut into tlie Institution, to advance the money and
 my all the expenses from any part of the United
 States here and back homo again, before be com-
 meuces the treatment, and give a baud to board them,
 togethn will* his professional services, for nothing,
 if he does not help them according to contract. Any
 one thinking tlie above proposition not a sufficient
 guarantee against mi *iepi escalation* and expense
 without receiving equal benefit, can let the proirje
 tor know-what wil. be satisfactory, and it shall be!
 duly oo: sidered.
 This Institution has grown up from private prac
 tice by the influence of those who have l&gt;een helped I
 here, a* nothing has ever been jwiblished before;!
 and the proprietor mean* that il r ball sustain itsel.j
 by its own merits, or pay the expense of those who j
 choose to make a contract in rase of failure. The
 design of this Circular is not to know n the
 cures that have been made in this institution,
 they must soon be believed; but to let it lie roor
 extensively known to tbe poor suffering invalid i!
 that have speut hundreds of dollars in trying all
 other systems of practice, and w ithout much'or any I
 benefit, and still remain ronfined to tlieir lied* from i
 five to twenty years, ift.ft there is an Institution!
 whose treatment is different from sny other one the
 United Btau&gt;«, and is particularly adapted p&gt; thejf
 situation, and ran have it cost tJirm nothing units.,
 they are materially benefited.
 From the nature of treatment in this Institution,
 the nnmlier ofpatients must lie limited, therefore the
 proprietor does not solicit the patronage of slight and
 ordinary qtfos which may be easily helped by otlicr
 systems of pracftqt; nor does he want any one to
 come, unless lliey wisp to g/e&lt; mf)A, and are willing
 to lie made well enough to yvalk from five |o twenty
 miles at a lime, and follow it up day after day in
 succession; and also wilting to lip made aide to .en
 dure as much labor and fat igue us most oif jieople 1
 that call themselves well, as lie means that eveiy
 ono that goes through a thorough course of treatment
 in foe Analytic Institution shall show by their in
 created'syreneih, elasticity of motion, firmness 01
 texture, capability of epderafice, and improved
 health, that fbr treatment in fois fustiiui.on js found-
 ed on the natural lags of maftey, and|
 consequently its superiority oyer every oifijer dif
 ferent system of practice.
 All communications addressed to Dr. THOMAS'
 HAMILTON, Rochester, post paid, will receive
 immediate attention. If requested, reference will
 be maefe to those who have been hel|ied in this Insti
 tution and also gQOf} references as to responsibility 1
 ortlie proprietor to meet foe expenses if;'
 required.
ATHOL WATCH TIRE.
 TIIR Subscriber liegs leave to call tie attention
 of Invalid*, especially those suffering from
 chronic disease, to his hydropathic establishment in
 Athol, Mass.
 His house was opened for the reception of patient;
 past season, and it is believed offers excellent facili
 dies for a nMoapphf.c and thorough course in hydro
 pathy. 'I lie supply of wqtor ja abundant, and it
 purity has been pronounced efjuq) ip yappr cp i
 blistilled.” The location is tpjjfe eligibly, being bu
 a short distance from the V. Si 11, railroad. T|q
 v icinity altounds in a variety of scenery, and ha
 charming grounds for walks and rambles. So tha
 with the water, suitable regimen, mountain air, am
 exercise, patients can scarcely fail to obtain th
 healthful results for which they labor.
 The following case illustrates this remark. Mrs
 8., wife of Dea. 8., fif Warwick, Mass., age
 about thirty-five years, was brought fp qie las
 August. Hex case presented the following plieno
 inena. If placed iq qq erect position, and fell mi
 supported, site forthwith fill backward io tit
 ground. If being well supported, efie ipqde a
 effort to walk, either foot, when carried forward
 despite her efforts to the contrary, would cross th
 other. She had been in this condition nearly
 year. Her treatment commenced the 16th of Sept,
 and was continued to the 25th Oct. only, when sh
 left, bo for recovered as to be able to walk half
 mile witfi’sjße. since her return to her family, sht
 has continued her xi ith corresponding ip
 hrofemem to her health. She now «&lt;e!h&lt;fito he
 aomestic duties, and with tiu assistance qf a smal
 j girl, does the work of her family.
 pePatients are desired to bring three comfortables
 don pair of woollen blankets, one pair of sheets
 ajlf a dozen towels marked, with old linen to
 bandages.
 frPh l five .to ,ten sofhr3 pgr v£jtk, accord
 ttq. neffsspies or ‘cWci of patients
 ing I*. less pMinttof fi) til,e selection o
 Iliosc wlio a.w —-«wy UteM cojmjnoi
 rooms, or are willing to
 withoiher*, will be charged less.
 Athol, March, 1848. GEORGE HOYT.
Free Labor Goods.
 \If ANUFACTURED by the American Free Pro*
 111 dnce Association, ana for Bale at No. SI, North
 Fiftli-gtreet, Philadelphia:
 Manchester Ginghanm; Check., Apron and Fur
 niture; Canton Flannel, unbleached; Muslin,
 bleached and unbleached, of rarioua qualities and
 width; thin Muslin for linings, brown and colored;
 Bird Eye Towels; black and white Wadding;
 Cotton Laps; Lamp Wick; Bed Ticking, an ex
 cclleM article; Calico, .Stockings, Knitting Cotton,
 kc. kc.
 Orders for Goods, or letters desiring information,
 may be addressed to J. Miller McKiin.Sl. North
 Fifth-street; Daniel L. Miller, Tenth-street; or to
 James Mott, No. 35, Church Alley.
 A large and handsome assortment of Prints now
 on hand. jul—tf
Colored Sailors* Hone,
 330, Pearl Street, New York.
 FRIENDS the slave, and strangers on a visit
 to New Yorfc, can now he accommodated with
 as good Board, and at as lowa price as in any other
 house in the city. The house is large and con
 venient; will hold comfortably sereuly persons.
 Families can have private rooms, and every atten
 tion paid to their comfort. WM. P. POiVFI 1
 May 11 ,1849
 p r 8
 r enttrelj new, beautiful, and eminently ser-
 J. vicable hmb, which has received the lushest
 awards and most hearty testimonials of all the
 principal. scientific institutions and surgeons ol
 hospitals in this country, in addition to those who
 have used the limb, as being in every respect supe
 rior to any limb ever before invented in Europe or
 America, is now manufactured in Spmtffidd, Mm.,
 by Messrs. Palmer, Cummin Hunson.
 7Yiy Mmm. t*f»» ta tit taction
 Ririaißcit.
 Dr*. Hahiltow nad Sprague, of Buffalo.
 Dr. Gasso*, Batavia.
 Dr*. Webster and Moore, Rochester.
 Dr. Potter, Gorham, (who wears one.)
 Dr. Hough, Syracuse sepl4-6m
HalsttJ’s Eclectic !K«4kal listltate,
 aa4 Witer-Cvre EsUUlskaeit.
 THIS Institution has been ia meeMsfol operation
 daring fourteen years, lor tbe care of all Chrome
 Diseases, ami such as cannot be removed by medi
 cine alone. __ _
 MORE THAN THREE THOUSAND Pa*
 tients have been restored, to health and usefulness
 by tlie treatment pursued at this Institution, who
 could not find relief b* any other course of rnedi
 ciae. Hiindreils who itaii been ronfined to their
 beds lor years, wad win* were almost ia despair,
 have had renewed hope and courage when they nave
 learned that others, laboring under as many discour
 agements as themselves, have been cnrwi by this
 trentuient after everything else had failed.
 Those who are laboring under CHRONIC, NER
 VOUS, or SPINAL diflamlties, CURVATURES,
 fcc., which produce symptoms ot almost all other
 diseases, with their accompaniment*—as DYS
 PEPSIA .RHEUM ATISM ,N El&gt; RALC.IA, COg-
 TIVENESS, LOSS OF THE USE OF THE
 LIMBS, NUMBNESS, LOW SPIRITS, PAR
 TIAL INSANITY, and a host of other diseases
 arising from tlie same cause—SPINAL WEAK
 NESS, which they nor their physicians understand,
 and which medicine alone will not cure—to such
 sufferers we would say, we are curing hundreds just
 like you every year. Physicians bring their wives
 and children to Itave them cured— why not come
 yourselves, ami save life, time ami money t
 We are using water in all tlie various ways in
 which it is applied in water-cure establishments; yet
 we do not rely selely iijhih it, or upon medicines as
 they are generally understood ami applied; hut a
 COMBINED TREATMENT WITH EICCTRICITT,
 and a new mode of application which truly is magi
 cal in its efficacy, and is always sure to cure, in one
 half tlie time il takes under any other treatment,
 allowing that treatment to he successful, which is not
 the case one time in ten.
 Female Diseases.— Prolapsus Uteri (falling
 of tlie womb,) Leucorrhea, [whites] suppressed and
 excessive menstruation, the diseases incident to
 that period known as tlie turn of life’—involuntary
 discharge of urine and injuries from Childbearing,
 which arc more frequent than Physicians are willing
 to acknowledge, especially withintheir own practice.
 Female* frequently suffer for years from the diseases
 incident to tneir sex, and linger out a life of help
 i lessnesa and pain, when a few weeks’ or at most a
 few months’treatment, would remove their difficulties
 ami restore them to their families, with health to
 labor, to enjoy themselves, and to contribute to the
 happiness of others. This has never failed to be
 accompli shell in a single instance in this Institution,
 however weak and helpless the patient may have
 been on entering it. Many have come hundreds of
 miles on beds, in easy chain,, by boqt by carriage
 ami railroad, who had not walked for years. These
 ladies have walked miles daily before leaving the
 Institution.
 Skch is our knouledge and confidence m this unpar
 altUtd treatment for all long standing or Chronic dis-
 whatever hind or nature, that tee will offer the
 tolloWiflF
 PROPOSITION:
 We will enter itjo a special written agreement with
 such as desire it, who enter the Institution, follow the
 rules and regulations, and go through the system oj
 treatment, to pay their travelling expenses to and from
 the Institution, and board, lodge and nurse them, and
 give them our professional services, free of charge,
 they art not helped according to agreement. This it is
 hoped w ill pip a stop to cries of empyricinm from
 those interested in keeping patient under their own
 charge, and will be a guarantee to tbq3# worn out
 by disease, who hare spent much of their substance
 iu procuring mpdKMte. ami seeking relief, without
 finding it; ttaut here they #ijl pot spend tlieir money
 without benefit, anil that no false statements or im
 positions will tie practiced upon them.
 The modus operandi of curing Female difficulties si
 a nrm discovery and practised only at this Institution.
 The most hrlpless and feeble cases, who have been ruwj
 lined for years, are relieved immediately, and if not prt
 x er,ted from walking by other diseases, can go xid
 and do„ n sfairs in )8 hours after commencing treatment,
 without fear or trouble in rfggrd to their original dif
 ficulty. To produce this almost instai t hi:ir6ys r *]vJ,
 the patient is subjected to no pun or inconvenience, and
 in every instance a speedy cure u performed. If any
 one doubts let them select the most trying and diffi
 cult case they can find, ami test our veracity and shill,
 fjpr VJtpMS art easy.
 N. B.~Any one wishing to know more almut our
 system of tfeatniep) for Lptffi dfot-asps or any oilier
 difficulty can us [post paid] and We will
 send them an»f Ufe 1 nstitufioh—Certificates
 of cure—official report of foat ypsir, tfg., fre? oi
 rharge—together with the most respectable refer
 ences iu tlie city and country.
 I*. S.—Our room is limited, therefore we want
 none to apply that can lie cured at home. We pride
 qurseft/s if in curing what otliers are not fortunate
 enough to fo,.
 npouJUfoe addressed tp Hat. sted
 Hall, Ucfiri*) Institute, RocTiestar, N. Y., post
 paid. r f.i.
 References. —Joseph Field Ex'Mayor, and
 Rev. G. W. Montgomery, Rocliester, N. Y.
 JOHN D. RF.VALEON, Ilair Cutting Saloon
 and Perfumery Emporium, 114, Blackstone-s
FREP PRQPPCP
 NF.W GOODS just rpfived. Gewefol redijcfion
 in prices.
 j Fine 4-4 Prints various styles.
 New styles of Prints of medium quality, usual width.
 I I'ine and wide Paper Muslins. Also Colired
 j p^jnbrics.
 Curtain Calico. Superior fine Chintz Umbrellas
 orr Cloth).
 1 Satjne'ts, good and cheap. AJ fl 00 mostly at
 re:fiieed prices ffingiiams various 'qualifies' tiud
 styles.
 Fine ami lx*avy Shirting, Sheetings, and Pillow
 Muslins.
 Striped Cambrics. Fine 6-4 Plaid Mus in.l
 Muslin de Laiue, plain and neatly figured, all wool
 Linens, warranted free from cotton.
 Flannels 4-4 good and price low. Canton flannels
 whifo and colored.
 Table Diaper and pjoth*. of different sty lea.
 Apr°fi apd Furriiture Cheek; Cotton Handkerchiefs,
 fu’lifed Tonfojoon Sfolfo. Also' Litten
 Drilling fee, r
 Long and halt Hose, flue and heavy,
 Knitting Cotton, various Nos., bleached, brown,and
 colored.
 J) white and colored Cotton Laps. Also,
 Kenned Loaf Crushed and Pulverized Sugar.
 Brown Sugar good quality, of various grades.
 f 9? lfo&lt;‘k exclusively Free Labor Goods,
 to Which foe Subscriber wouid inyjte the attention
 0 «.««7 *b er&lt; ’li3ht* as Well as his friends and the
 public generally.'
 Mlkb pqjns fo taken by tjie Mttnagers of tlie Free
 Produce Association, to assist flip Subserjbrr tp en
 large tlie assortment from time to time,
 GEORGE W. TAYLOR,
 Northwest corner Fifth and Cherry-sts
 Philadelphia 2d mo. Ist, 1848. tf
TUST PUBLISHED and for sole at the office ol
 jJ of the Ant*' Slavery Standard-
 The LfgiPfi of Eibfrty and Force of Truth h h
 edition.
 This work contains about 230 pages cf close
 reading; 300 eminent authorities, and about sixty
 illustrative engravings. Price 37i cts. in muslin,
 and 25 cents in paper covers. A veiy liberal dis
 count to who purchase a number of copies.
 The* Condition, Jotftence Bight l and Appeal ot
 Women frtan vhrions -authors, 12J cents.
 fjfffftf to ffie people of the 15 hil4d touching
 mmiuf of Afonff'.' Py 'J’heodore Parker;—
 U«U.
 pp. 120. rruc
 Wm. W. Brown’s Lecture before the Feu..I**® 1
 Society of Salem Mass. Reported by H. at.
 Park burnt, Rojtop.—pp. 22. Price 5 cents.
Anil-Slavery Oflfl,
 No. 3|, Ni&gt;rth Fifth Street, Philadelphia.
 A FULL assortment of onti-nlaVffy publication
 is kept constantly on hand. Alsp a hapdiom
 variety of misrelluneoiH publications, and twefu
 and Fancy Stationery.
 All letters relating to the business of thn office
 to be directed to J. Miller McKim, 31, North
 Fifth-street, Philadelphia. jul—tf
“Every Wta bjs ofb Physici»».”
 THE HOME DOCTOR.
 JUST PUBLISHED, a new and valuable hook
 for every fondly in the country, and one that may
 he consulted with perfect safety. As its title page
 indicates, it is “TH E HOME DPfTOH, or Family
 Manual, giving the causes, symptoms ami treatment
 of Diseases; with an account of the system while in
 health, and rules for preserving that state. Appen
 ded to which are recipes for making various medi
 cines and articles for diet for the sick room. The
 whole written for general use and dailyfpractice, by
 John B. Newman, M. D.”
 Also, accompanying this book, or separate, is
 “THE HERB BOOK, a book devoted exclusively
 to Herbs, giving their names, varieties,description,
 medical properties and doses, use, time of gathering,
 and many other directions very useful for every fam
 ily to know, and written expressly for family use
 The Herb B&lt;*ok is devoted solely to Popular Med
 e*l Botany, am) will furnish on that point all the
 nesired information wanted for general use.”
 The two books are nut up and bound together and
 conUin 200 pages, price 25 cents, or sold separate
 at 12J cents.
 The symptoms of each disease are carefully given
 so tuat one may be recognised from another, to ore
 veut practising in the dark; also the treatment, a
 sketch of general physiology, and rules for keeping
 m health, together with obeemtions or their causes,
 means of avoiding deleterious influences, and such
 other remarks as are deemed both
 naif on d fmait.
The book bos been written with great care, ia a
 plain, simple, common-sense style easily to be un
 derstood by every person, and bya practical physi
 cum nod s thorough botanist. We can recommend
 it with entire confidence, as being a work superior
 in ell respects to nay other hook of the kind ever
 published at the price.
 Families ia the country, amt especially those liv
 tag in new countries and unhealthy elimatee, shook!
 not fail to procure a copy and have it at all timee at
 hand, ia rase of sickness as they might thereby by
 tome simple remedy save an expensive and piidrac
 te«l ifoctors bill. Whether well or sick, such a book
 should be in every bouse as a safe and sure advise*
 in time of need, the direction given for persons in
 lienlth cannot be too strictly attended to by all.
 Tlie twice at which the l»ok is sold is so low that
 every tauiily nu»v have a copy, and none should he
 without it.
 Tlie tmok is put up in Paper binding, ami can
 easily be sent by mail. Postage only 6] cents to any
 aart of the United Slates.
 (W- Any person sending us one dollar bv mail, ami
 pod paying postage on the letter, shall have four
 copies sent him fret of postage.
 Scut in your order*#, there is no risk in sending
 money by mail, it comes to ms daily, ami ihe book*
 always reach tlCir destination.
 (fj- Four families can chib together and send a
 dollar bill, and liave four books sent to one address.
 WANTED—Agents in most of the States to sell
 this work, almost every family will purchase it il
 earned to their doors. A small capital of from $2O
 to $5O will lie necessary for each agent. Address,
 oast paid, GEO. W. FISTF.R,
 April 1,1849. 6 Exchange-st, Rochester. N. V
UNPARALLEB IN THE HISTORY 0?
 MEDICINE
 A* THE MOST
 Remarkable External Application
 Ever Discovered I
 5 TMME and experience have fully proved that tins
 1 UNIVERSAL REMEDY Una not its equal
 e dn tlie list of popuLar medicines, having been before
 f the public for more than fourteen years. Testimo
 e ny of the most disinterested character of it* won
 c derml effects on the animal economy is aimoM daily
 s presented to the proprietor. It is worthy of spe
 cial remark, that beside the grpat ami extrnordinaiy
 powers in tbe core of
 DISEASES OF THE HORSE,
 f in which its virtues first attracted the attention of
 the Farrier and Farmer, and the wonder of the
 public generally, it has been successfully employed
 l in a great variety of the maladies which
 AFFLICT THE HUMAN RACE,
 t Ignorance cf facts and philosophy, start at the
 i assertion thai a„y qne remedy can possess within
 l itself the virtue of curing many djspasep. |Cxper,
 f ence of more Ilian fourteen year* has nevertheless
 i establislied die feet, tint Merchant’s Celebrated
 i Gargling Oil, or Universal Family Embrocation,
 i will cure inowt cases and relieve such as the follow
 l ing, among many others iu the cure of which this
 04 l»een completely successful and in which oth
 t er pre;ended remedies haye completely foiled
 r RHEIMATISk PAfNFpL HER VO US AF
 lections. Bites of Aniinafo, Frosf Bites,
 Boils, Whitlows, Astfona, Bruises, Buti#,'
 1 and Bcaids, Cramps, Strains, Bprtiina,
 Uicers from focal causes, Caked
 Breasts, Contractions of the mus
 cles,Wounds, Swellings, fcc.
 I Also a host of diseases
 in Horses and other
 animals,such as
 .j SPAVINS,
 j?mh,
 Windgall, Pol! Evit,
 Callous, Cracked Heels,
 Galls ol all kinds,
 Fresh Wounds, Bruises,
 Fiktuia, Sitfast, Strains, Lameness,
 i Saffd Cracks, Foundered Feet, Scratches,
 QR PRE4SF, W-YVCfE, FARCY, sc, i v
 Numerous are fhe imsojicifed spifopeafo of pa
 tients themselyes,and offiefs wjio have'used tjte Oil,
 of cures which in t|»em*plves appear so rcinar'kaHlc
 that were they at all Interested in apecunittry point,
 they could hardly have been credited,
 Tlie eclig,rated Dr. Parker also writes as follows:
 Dear Sir: I liave |irercribed your Gargling Oil iu
 various cases of
 PRACTICAL SURGERY,
 as a liniment, witji marked success,and would enm
 iniuui it fo jMj'sif fori* for external u&lt;e i„
 ail contusions, tumors, eprai»3, »Vtip'sWyTlingi;
 and in all rheumatic affections, where external
 means arc necessary. As a disrutient, it is harm
 less where the febrile symptoms have been reduced
 by general treatment. In such cases, it is tlie most
 efficient remedy w ithin the circle ol means uow iu
 use.
 f 'VP.u/J ajao recommend it to community at large
 as a safe 3»d‘po»’pffttf w)mre there 13 nb
 general fever in all tlie above diseases, tp fc ws*f]
 freely, and to counteract inflammation in a remark
 able manner. In bruised wound* it prevent* swell
 ing, and consequent soreness in hot weather.
 From the peculiar nature of this Oil, and the
 unparalleled success it has met with in the hands of
 file FARRIER, FARMER and STAGE PRO
 PRIETOR, it is liut justice to say, that of th*
 great numlter rif rastfiMnes which have lieeti offered
 npnp have bppti so' yrpfl adapted tA the pTorrtpt riff 2
 of Diseases to which Horses are liable; it has bp?i»
 very justly called a Complete Panacea for tlie Horse
 For instance, read the following:
 TO OWNERS OF HORSES.
 Tliis is to certify tliat I have had for many years the
 care of from one hundred to two hundred horse-’,
 and have made use of Merchant’s Gargling Oil for
 Uvo years past, and can safely say, that for all tha
 rfiseri*es tout hofoes'ate liable to', 1 ntrier saw Itb
 equal. 1 use about one fifitfle per month, and re
 commend it lo the public qs t}ie best medicine for
 homes now in use, fc D MINOR,
 All orders addressed to the proprietor will b&lt;
 promptly responded to.
 Get a pamphlet of the Agent, and see what won
 dera are accomplished by the use of this medicine.
 Sold by respectable ileaiers generally in the Uni
 fed States and Canada.
 Also by Post 4i Willis, Wm. Pitkin, L. B.
 WINSLOW Voi'N.T, H. vVadk
 Kochester. 1 1 1
 6 Israel, Cincinnati, O.; McClure Co, Albany 1
 Hollister Co, Buftalo; Greenmail Smith, Util
 ca; P D Orris Co, Troy, NY. July l»-6raj
British Periodical Literature,
 Th; London Quarterly Renew, the Edinburgh Rniew
 ihe Brit.»ft Jteneyr, the yVnlminttfr /froey,
 and BlackwoodEdinburgh Mo^axiat,
 THE widespread fame of these splendid perio.ilJ
 cnJs renders it needless to say much in their praise
 As literary organs, they stand far in advance oi
 anything of the sort now published, while the polit
 ical complexion of each is marked by a dignity,
 candor, and forbearance, not often found in works
 of a party character.
 viejys of tiie three great parties
 in England—-Tor/, Whig, and Radical. black
 wouu and UK? London Quarterly are Tory; the
 Edinburgh Review V 1 !""J aud the \Vtstniin J
 iter Review Radical. The North Rritish Refl
 view is more of a religious character, having been
 edited by Dr. Chalmers, and now, sihcfl
 his death, being eond.vje l by his son-in-law, Dr I
 Hanna, associated 1 with Sir 1
 literary character is of the Afr h'lgliest OfdCL TiJfl
 Westminster, though reprinted under thattJtie,.o |H
 is publiseed in England under the title of The p B;
 eign (Quarterly and Wenmmstfr -jt &gt;?»ng in fa.Sj
 union of uie two Reviews formerly rppubii,di*it
 reprinffd under separate titJesi It has, t|ierefoß|
 tlie advantage by fft{s .combination of uniting in
 work the bed features of both aa hwinjofe
 1 he altove Periodicals ate reprinted in New
 immediately on their arrival by the British
 in a beautiful clear type, on line white paper. HB
 are I‘iithlul copies of the originals, Black
 Magazine, 3:1 exact f m!e ..f the
 edition. MKKM
 TRIC ES FOR IH-lt), (ip SUBSCRIBED FOR
 For any one of f, mr Review £3 00 per
 for any two 0 6 00
 kor any three do 700 d
 For al lftiir of the HcrifV's, 800 M
 For Blackwood’s Magazine, 3 01)
 For Blackwood and tlie 3 Reviews, 9 00
 For Blackwood the -I Reviews, 10 00
 Payments to he made in nil cases m
 CLUBBING.
 Four copies of any or all tlie ul&gt;ove
 lent to one address on pawumi of tlie
 i 'to e, toe I ;ot Til e. ig .;.S
 EARLY COPIES. mkM
 A lute arrangement with me British
 Bi.»i k ;l\ Magazine .-rente- t.. us t.irl^B,
 that work, by which we diall be übje
 -nlirr muiiUi in tlie h-in.Je .t' eutMi. i ibei|B
 (K-i tiou of it c an lie reprinted 111 anvotMß
 Journal-. For tins and other
 co 1 ;‘v lit dir m j 1 -4
 c s r
 •die I'tieir e,e|„. ,1 Z, v
 tlie price is low. ,L', J. 1
 Keinivtauce* uid .rn mimeal^K™'
 -'"I •o,:. p. ;.h,- .if ii^Ml
 I FONARD 900jH
 70. Fulton J| j
"
