"The NORTH STAR u published every
 Thursday, at No. 3ft, Buffalo Street,
 (Opposite tkt Arcade.)
 FREDERICK DOUGLASS, Editor.
 TERMS.
 Two dollars per annum, always «'n advance. No.
 subscription will be received for .a leu term than
 aix month,.
 Advertisements not exceeding ten lines inserted
 three times for one dollar; every subsequent inser
 tion, twenty-fite cents.
The object of the North Star will be to abolish
 SLAVERY in alt its forms and aspeots; advocate
 UNIVERSAL' Ev a MCI Pat ton exalt the standard
 of pttldic toot ality, promote the moral and intellec
 tual improveinent ol the Colored People; and
 hasten the day of FREEDOM to the Three
 Millions of our enslaved fellow countrymen.
PUBLISHER'S NOTICES.
 {JCJ* All communications relntin* to the fcuiatt,
 matter* of th*' paper, name* of subscribers, remit
 tance,, &amp;c., -hoiild lie addressed to Frederick
 Dodulds, Editor, Rochester, N. A
 Agents*, ami all otlmrs sending names, are
 re (nested to bn accurate, and to give tlie Post office,
 the County, and the State. Each Subscriber is im
 mediately credited for money received.
 gtj* Any person sending in payment for four sub
 scribers, to be forwarded to nne address, may
 have a fifth copy for one year.
 All letters aud communications must lie post
 paid.
 list of agents.
 M assachusetts. —R l W»llcut,il,Cornhill,
 Bostou; Natbm Johnson, New Bedford; Horatio
 W. Foster, Lowell; Janes N. Buffum, Lynn;
 Bourne Spooner, Plymouth Cyrus Bradbury,
 Northampton.
 Connecticut. —Jabei Cogswell, Brookfield.
 New York.-— -Sydney H. Gay, 142, Nassau
 Street; William Hunted, Anti-Slavery Office, 61,
 John Street; John J. Zuille, 48, Watts Street;
 Joseph Poßt, Westbury, Uueen County; Mary
 Harper, Albany, F.lian Doty, Macedou; VVi
 lefts Keese, Peru, Clinton County J. e I tl
 Penn Yan; J. Jeffrey, Genera; h. L. Platt, Bath;
 Willis Stark, Medina', Orleans Co.
 Rhode Island.—Amarancv Paine,l rovuteooe.
 Pennsylvania. J- M. M
 Fifth Street, Philadelphia; Joseph C. Bustill, I 4».
 So. Sixth Street,Do.; B. Bown, Pittsburgh; Mm.
 Whipper, Columbia; Milo A. Townsend, New
 Ohio. J. J. Gaines, Cincinnati Chares
 Hand. Harveyaburgh,Clinton Co; Samuel Brookle,
 Salem IJ. Huntingdon, Cbardon, Geauga o.;
 Hugh Hamilton, Loweltville, Mahoning County;
 J. D. Patterson, Uroana, hampatgn county.
 Michigan.—Robert Banks, Detroit.
 Illinois. —Hen.y O. Waggoner, Chicago;
 Marshall Hayward, Richmond, M’Henrv Co.
 lowa.— Alexander Clark, Muscatine.
 Canada. —John James Carey, Toronto.
WILLIAM B. CLOUGH, PRINTER
Selections.
From the New York Tribune.
 SLAVERY AND FREEDOM.
 The Speech of Gov. Seward,
 which we publish at length, its indispu
 tably one of the ablest and most con
 clusive yet delivered in the Senate up
 on the Compromise Bill. The com
 pactness of its reasoning, the breadth
 of its scope, the statesmanlike clearness
 and profundity of its views, and the
 strength and felicity of its language
 alike commend it to public attention and
 render it fully woriliy the reputation
 and position of its author. It will be
 read with approval and admiration by
 all liberal and thoughtful men, and
 will be remembered after the contro
 versy which has occasioned it has pass
 ed away and is forgotten.
 Mr. Seward’s Speech ou the Compro
 mise Bill.
 In Senate, Tuesday, July 2. —The
 Compiomise Bill being under consid
 eration, Mr. Seward having obtained
 the floor, spoke as follows:
 Mr. President —If an alieg in our
 land should chance to enter here dur
 ing these high debates, he would ask
 whether California was a stranger and
 an enemy, or an unhidden and unwel
 come intruder, or a fugitive, powerless
 and portionless, and therefore importu
 nate, or an oppressor and scourge of
 mankind and therefore hateful and
 dangerous. We should be obliged to
 answer. No! California yielded to per
 suasion rather than to conquest. She
 has renounced her lineage, language
 and ancieit loyalty. She has brought
 us to the banks of streams which flow
 over precious sands, and at the base
 of mountains which yield massive gold.
 She delivers into our hand the key that
 unlocks the long coveted treasures of
 the Eastern world. California refuses
 only to let us buy and sell each other
 within her domain, so rich in all the
 elements of legitimate commerce.
 She invites us to forego an unjust, in
 jurious and inglorious dominion over a
 caste, and to extend the sway of peace,
 of arts and of freedom over nations be
 yond the seas still slumbering under
 the mingled reign of barbarian super
 stition and unalleviated despotism.
 The very head and front of her offend
 ing hath this extent.
 The President of the United States
 recommends, nevertheless, that Cali
 fornia shall be admitted unconditionally
 wltUe a Committee of (he Senate insists
 on conditions.
 I prefer the President’s suggestion;
 but not merely because it is his, al
 though I truly honor his patriotism and
 fully confide in his wisdom. Nor do 1
 prefer his suggestion out of disrespect
 to the Statesmen by whom it is oppo
 sed. My veneration for them has been
 abundantly manifested heretofore, and
 Meeds no display of protestations now
 We are in a frarnB of things disjointed,
 and in the confusion resulting from a
 severance of parties and new conjunc
 tion of Statesmen, each of us is
 obliged to rely on the guidance of his
 own judgment and conscience.
 I submit, Sir, that the conditions
 are unreasonable, injurious, and op
 pressive in regard to California. So
 far a*? they are found in the bill before
 us, they are. Ist. The establishment
 of a Territorial Government in New-
 Mexico, silent concerning Slavery:
 2d, The establishment of a like Gov
 ernment in Washington: 3d, Com
 promise of a border dispute between
 New Mexico and Texas. The gar
 ment of Compromise thus quilted of
 various fabrics with artistic skill is in
 geniously pieced out with collateral
 conditions in a Report of two other
 bills concerning Slavery in the Dis
 trict of Columbia, the recapture of fu
 gitive slaves, and other national inter
 ests or pretentions of Slavery.
 It is not contended that California
 needs aid from these conditions, nor
 that they can give it. California is
 taxed for superfluous power to draw
 the dependent measures into port,
 which otherwise would founder and be
 lost. This forced condition, therefore,
 hinders and tends to defeat the admis
 sion of California.
 Why is California subjected to this
 pnibiyMMß* ut 1 Dow she come with-
VOlfc 111. NO. 30.
out right? She has a.Treaty. Ia thal
 Treaty denied or questioned? No? il
 it is unanimously affirmed.
 forma abide delay? No! her
 lous condition not only appeals 10 out
 justice, but touches the very virtue oi
 compassion within ns. Why, then,
 should California be kept waiting
 winter we make u eiretm throughout
 the entire orbit of Slavery California
 neither brought the States into confed
 eration, nor constructed the Constitu
 tion—she neither planted Slavery in
 the Slave States, nor uprooted it in the
 Free States. She is not found by the
 side of Texas invading New Mexico,
 nor allied with New Mexico in resisting
 Texas.
 She is guiltless equally of buying
 and selling, of holding and emancipa
 ting, of reclaiming and of harboring
 slaves anywhere. She has neither vote
 nor speech here nor elsewhere where
 this angry strife can be composed.
 She hns severed at a blow and forever,
 the loose political connection the only
 connection she ever had with Utah and
 New Mexico. The slave States indeed
 insist on a right to colonize new terri
 tories with a caste. But all agree that
 the community in any such territory
 may establish a Constitution prohibit
 ing caste. California, already coloni
 zed, has done this already, and her
 maturity is not well questioned, al
 though it has been as rapid and as be
 wildering as the presentation of a mid
 summer night’s dream. There is,
 therefore, neither community nor con
 nection nor even congruity between
 the admission of California and the
 conditions demanded. It is binding
 Eros to Antcros, confiding youth to
 querulous and wrangling age, the
 struggling hind to ravening hounds.
 We were told long ago that Califor
 nia would take time by yielding to this
 most unjust combination. We have
 seen the error of that hope. We are
 making the overland journey of 7,000
 miles between the Pillars of Hercules,
 when we might have crossed the Straits
 of Gibraltar on a smooth sea in six
 hours.
 We were told that a minority in
 another part of the Legislature might
 prevent the admission of California,
 and even bring the South to a dead
 stand. But (it must work in its own
 democratic and constitutional way, or
 must cease to work at all. No one
 nor more of the States can assume the
 responsibility of arresting the Govern
 ment by faction. Optimis auspicis qui
 quae pro republica, quae contram uni
 publican contra auspicia feed.
 I submit now that the conditions de
 manded are equally unreasonable, in
 jurious and oppressive in regard to the
 other parties affected by the combina
 tion, viz: Texas, New Mexico, Utah
 and the District of Columbia.
 Each of these parties ought to be re
 garded as asking only a just award,
 and Congress is to be deemed ready
 to make a just one and no other.
 Such an award can he made only by
 bestowing a distinct and separate con
 sideration on each claim The same
 principle of dialectic Philosophy which
 forbids multifariousness of issues, and
 confusion of parties in the administra
 tion of justice, condemns incongruous
 combinations in legislation.
 The bill before us seems adapted to
 enable Senators to speak on one side
 and to vote on the other; to comply
 with instructions and to evade them;
 to vote for the line of 36 o 30m. and to
 vote against it; to support the Wilmot
 Proviso, and yet to defeat its applica
 tion to the only territories open to its
 introduction. I solicit—if stronger
 language were courteous, I might de
 mand—from the majority here, a sub
 division of the bill, to enable me to vote
 effectually for what I approve, without
 voting equally for what my own judg
 ment, concurring with instructions,
 condemns, and thus to place myself
 where I should invite all others no
 place themselves, under exact and full
 responsibility to their States and to the
 People.
 While I leave the interests of Texas
 in the care of her honorable and excel
 lent Senators, I must be allowed to
 think that their consent to this bill be
 trays a want of confidence in her claims
 or in the justice of Congress. A just
 claim ought not to need an unjust com
 bination. Those who assume that
 Texas has a valid title to all of New
 Mexico east of the Rio Grande, as high
 as the 42d parallel, will necessarily re
 gard that State as surrendering, for a
 pecuniary equivalent, an evtensive re
 gion effectively secured to Slavery, to
 the equivocations of this Compromise.
 Those, on the contrary, who regard the
 pretensions of Texas in New Mexico
 as groundless, will as certainly protest
 against the surrender of 70,000 square
 miles of soil pregnant with liberty to
 the hazards of this adjustment. Both
 of these parties, I think, must agree
 that the United States ought not to pay
 Texas the equivalent unless her title
 is good, then the United States have
 no constitutional power to buy her ter
 ritory. If they may buy a part of Tex
 as for purposes not defined in the Con
 stitution, they may buyjhe whole. If
 they may buy the territory of a
 Slave State to make it Free, that may
 equally buy the soil of a Free State to
 sterilize with Slavery. If it be replied
 that the title is in dispute, then-the
 transaction changes character. The
 equivalent is paid for peace, and Tex
 as is not yet lifted up so high, nor the
 United States brought down se low, as
 to obtain my consent to so humiliating
 a traffic.
 I have heretofore said that I could
 vote to pay the debt of Texas on the
 ground that the repudiation of it by the
RIGHT IS OF NO SEX; TRUTH IS OF NO COLOR;
United States in the agreement of An
 nexation was fraudulent. But Texas
 seems to prefer that we should buy do&lt;
 main and dominion from her rather that
 pay her debts. She must be content,
 therefore, to satisfy us concerning the
 cardinal points in the bargain, viz:
 First: The reasonableness of tin
 amount Jo be paid*.
 Secondly. The value of the equivalent
 we are to receive.
 Thirdly: The title of the vendor.
 Fourthly: The use to which the ter
 ritory it to be applied.
 First. How much are we to pay
 The sum is set down in blank, and the
 blank kept open. The host Achilles
 keeps thicket here. A philosopher re
 plied to a man who ask leave to see
 what he carried under his cloak “I
 carry it there that you may not see it.”
 Well, we are obliged to assume that
 Texas is to be paid more than her
 claim is worth, because she will not
 trust to a distinct and independent ne
 gotiation. The payment is a condition
 ot the admission of California and thus
 we see California, the desire of the na
 tion and the envy of the world, redu
 ced by the Senate of the United States
 to the humiliation of chaffering with
 money-changers and stock-jobbers,
 continually baiting her offerrwith rich
 er rewards to obtain her admission into
 the Union.
 The extent and value of the acquisi
 tion are equally unsatisfactory. When
 the question is on the sum to be paid,
 Texas owns nearly all New Mexico;
 but when it comes on the domain to be
 obtained, it turns out that we are to
 cede to Texas apart of that province
 to save the re9t. Surely if we concede
 to Texas the admiration her represen
 tatives, require, they must admit that
 she knows how to coin our admiration
 into gold.
 The TiTLE.-r-It is beyond dispute
 that the territory which Texas offers
 was from time immemorial an integral
 part of New Mexico, and that not an
 acre of it ever was in the possession of
 Texas. Jt is equally clear that the
 United States found it in the possession
 of Mexico, and conquered and bought
 it, and holds it by treaty solemnly exe
 cuted. It is as certain that Texas
 never conquered it, never bought it
 and has no treaty concession to show
 for it.
 But Texas insists that she has an
 equitable title. She asserted, I think,
 in 1826 by a law on her statute book,
 that her boundary should be the 42d
 parallel. That is she declared her
 purpose to conquer so much of New
 Mexico. But she never executed nor
 even attempted to execute that pur
 pose. She came into the United States
 without it. Her statute was, therefore
 mere orutumfulmen. And the United
 States in the Articles of Annexation re
 fused to commit themselves in the claim
 of Texas. Subsequently the United
 States waged war against Mexico, not
 for the claim of Texas, but for other
 causes, and being thus engaged, ac
 cepted New Mexico and California as
 indemnities for the expenses of the
 contest, after paying fifteen millions of
 dollars for their access in value. Thus
 the United States, from obligation to
 Texas, acquired the Territory of New
 Mexico, making the conquest and pay
 ing the whole consideration alone.
 The claim of Texas is as groundless in
 equity as by the strict rules of law.
 The claim of Texas is just as good to
 the whole of California as to New
 Mexico.
 Nor is the proposition more satis
 factory in regard to the purposes to,
 which the Territory is tc- be applied
 I am satisfied that the soil of New
 Mexico is free soil now. by the opera
 tion of unrepealed Mexican laws. I
 know that it would be less safe if this
 bill would raise a cloud upon the ques
 tion; 1 prefer rather to leave New
 Mexico as it is.
 New Mexico has no representative
 here. Every .phase of this Compro
 mise exhibits a dismemberment of her
 territory, and yet she is to receive no
 equivalent. Texas has already a vast
 domain of surprising fertility; New
 Mexico is less expansive and compara
 tively sterile. This bill, nevertheless,
 literally applies the scripture: "He
 that hath, to him shall be given; and
 he thht hath not, from him shall be ta
 ken even that which he hath”
 The perversion of right proceeds up
 on the ground that either New Mexico
 has no certain title or that she has no
 political Government to defend it.
 Sir, New Mexico was a distinct Col
 ony of Spain, New Mexico was a State
 in the Republic of Mexico, and after
 wards was a political Territory in that
 Republic. She was never less than
 that. We found her in that condition
 and character. She sustains that char
 acter now. Only her allegiance is
 transplanted to the United States,
 whils some of the powers of Govern
 ment suspended by conquest remain in
 abeyance. She is a Republic accord
 ing to the definition of Cicero: "Res
 publics res populi, coitus multitudinis
 juris consensu et ultilitatis communis
 societas.
 New Mexico has domain, population,
 resources and qualified dominion, arts,
 customs, laws, and religion. She holds
 these physical and moral elements of a
 state subordinate to the United States,
 but nevertheless distinctly and apart
 from all other communities. New
 Mexico, moreover, has founded her
 institutions on the principle oi the com
 mon origin of man and the common
 government of God, and thus she pos
 sesses the first, last and chief element of
 Democratic or Republican States.—
 Impartial Civil Liberty, that element
 which favors the creation of wealth
ROCHESTER, N. Y., THURSDAY, JULY 18, 1850.
without which a state must be power
 less, the equalization of property with
 out an approximation to which a state
 is exposed to oppression, that diffusion
 of knowledge without which Republican
 Institutions cannot be preserved, and
 .the developement of strength, courage
 and enterprise, without e jltate
 cannot flourish. New Mexico has
 adopted the system that U oeSt-adap
 ted to maintain war, and the system
 that is best adapted to secure peace.
 New Mexico, therefore, might well
 have aspired even under Mexican sway
 and much more aspire under the fos
 tering care of the United States, to
 such greatness as the Free States in
 this Union have attained, —such great
 ness as is attainable by purely demo
 cratic states only.
 New-Mexico, pressed by the en
 croachments of Texas, and by the jeal
 ousy of the Slave States, implores from
 us protection of her Territory, and of
 her Constitution. This bill of Com
 promise,- compromises ber claims by
 dividing her Territory right and left,
 boldly assisting a part to Undisguised
 Slavery, and the rest insidiously to ex
 posed Freedom. Sir, if I concur in
 giving any Government to New-Mex
 ico, it mustbe as good a one as sho
 has already. Although the Drama of
 our conquest in Mexico tails into suc
 cessive acts, conducted by different
 performers, it is, nevertheless, one
 whole transaction; and if this bill shall
 pass, that transaction so far as New-
 Mexico is concerned, will be the con
 quest of a Free Republic, and the con
 version of it in whole'or in part to a
 Slave State.
 What is New-Mexico, that she
 should be thus wronged? An unof
 fending rival prostrate at our feet. I
 pray you, Senators, for the sake, if not
 ofjustice, at least of magnanimity, to
 exercise your power over her by spar
 ing her, to punish her by forgiving
 her the crime of loving Liberty too
 well. Her ancient Charter contains
 the glowing words established by the
 consent of mankind, as the foundation
 of all true government, which Jeffer
 son made our own:
 “All men naturally were born free,
 aud were by privilege above all the
 creatures, born to coinman and not to
 obey earthly authority not derived from
 their own consent.”
 That Charter is in hands. If
 we erase all that out, and give the
 Charter back to New-Mexico, a muti
 lated and lifeless thing, we shall have
 repeated the crime of the partition of
 Poland, the crime of the subversion of
 the recent brief but brilliant Republic
 of Italy; ws shall have emulated the
 Stuart who seized the Charters of ihe
 free Corporations of England, and
 thereby lost a throne, and shall have
 surpassed the Guelph who interpolated
 taxation, without representation, into
 the Constitution of Britain, and thereby
 lost the Empire which we enjoy. Sir,
 it would be an act so unjust and so ty
 rannical, that it would, upon the prin
 ciples of our separation from Great l
 Britain, work a forfeiture of our title j
 altogether. Hear what the good Las
 Casas said to the Emperor Charles V.
 concerning these very possessions:
 “Notwithstanding your grant of all
 this country from the Popo, and your
 title by conquest, you have yet no right
 over them, unless you do, in the first
 place, as the principle end, regard
 their good. The reason is that regard
 is to be had to the principle aud cause
 for which a superior or an universal
 Lord is set over them, which is their
 good and profit, and not that it should
 turn to their destruction and ruin; for
 if that should be there is no doubt but
 that from henceforward that power
 would be tyrannical and unjust, as
 tending more to the interest and ben
 efit of that Lord than to the public
 good and profit of the subjects, which
 according to natural reason and the
 laws of God and man is abhorred and
 deserves to be abherred.”
 Sir, I beg those citizens of the me
 tropolis in the State from which I came,
 who have requested me to vote for this
 bill, to consider it in these aspects, and
 then to “examine 'me, and say how
 look I that I should seem to be lacking
 injustice and humanity so much as this
 fact comes to.”
 But it is said that the ordinance of
 ’B7 is unnecessary in New Mexico, and
 therefore is an abstraction, and that it
 gives offence.
 I cannot yield implict faith to these
 who assure me that the pecularities of
 soil and climate in New Mexico ex
 clude Slavery. They are combined
 with other Statesmen who deny that
 point, and this bill concedes the point
 itself. It expressly covenants to admit
 New Mexico as a Slave State if she
 shaH come in that character. I cannot
 surrender a just and benevolent pur
 pose to arguments which knit contra
 dictions as closely as words can lie to
 gether. I know that there are Slaves
 at this moment in Utah, and I know,
 moreover, that the discovery of a few
 flakes of gold, or of a few grains of
 silver, or even of a few clumps of coal,
 in the unexplored recesses of New
 Mexico, would be followed by a new
 revelation of the will of the Almighty
 in regard to it.
 Sir, perhaps those who excuse this
 measure, can point me to a tyrant who
 ever deprived his subjects of what he
 deemed necessary for them. Nero
 thought that one neck would be more
 than enough for the Roman people
 when he wished that they had but one
 that he might destroy the body politic
 at a single blow. Perhaps they can
 point me to any act conferring or de
 claring' human rights, that was not an
 abstraction. It was observed by one
GOD IS THE FATHER OF US ALL; AND ALL MEN ARE BRETHREN
of the founders of the Commonwealth
 of England, that the promulgation oi
 those rights had always “been in term!
 not concrete, but abstract. Our own
 experience is the same. There is the
 Declaration of Independence, with its
 solemn recital of the natural equality
 of men, and of the inalienability ol
 their essential rights. There is the
 Constitution of the United States, be
 ginning with a sublime-summary of the
 objects, and ending with its jealous bill
 of personal rights. What were these
 but abstractions?
 There is the same bill of rights in
 every Constitution, and even the Con
 stitutions of many of the slave states
 hopefully assert abstractions of equality
 which for want of only a complete de
 velopment of political justice, are not
 yet reduced to the concrete by estab
 lished laws.
 Perhaps, moreover, the apologists
 can show me some act declaratory oi
 Human Rights that did not give of
 fence. The tyrant of France took um
 brage at the noble motto Which Alger
 non Sidney inscribed in the album ol
 the King of Denmark. Nay, Algernon
 Sidney expiated with his life the offeoce
 of publishing, as mere abstractions,
 the fundamental principles of our own
 Constitution. And among them was
 the Wilmot Proviso, thus expressed by
 that immortal patriot:
 The liberty of one man cannot be
 limited or diminished by one or by any
 number of men, and none can give
 away the right of another.’ 1
 Equal justice always excites fear,
 and therefore always gives offence;
 otherwise its way would be smooth and
 its sway universal. The abstractions
 of Human Rights are the only perma
 nent foundations of society. It is by
 referring to them that men determine
 what is established because it is right
 in order to uphold it forevei', and what
 is right only because it is established
 in order that they may lawfully changt
 it in accordance with the increase ol
 knowledge and the progress qf reason.
 The abstraction now in question, is
 the right of all the members of a State
 to equal political freedom. That is the
 Wilmot Proviso; that is the proviso ol
 freedom, call it by whatsoever name
 you will. If it ever was right at any
 time, at any place, under any circum
 stances, it is right always, in all places
 and under all circumstances. It can
 be» renounced safely nowhere. Cer
 tainly New Mexico is not the region,
 nor is hers the soil nor hers the clime
 where it should be renounced. New
 Mexico is the very field of the contest.
 If we surrender here where we have
 all the vantage ground, where else
 shall we find ground in which to jnake
 resistance
 We have taken a breathing spell
 from annexation of territory, to divide
 the gains. This division once made,
 no matter how, the national instinct—
 an instinct fostered by democratic sen
 timents and sympathies, and invigor
 ated by martial ambition, will hurry us
 on in a career that presents scarce less
 formidable obstructions. Whatever
 seemed attractive to the Slave States in
 Louisiana, in Florida, in Texas, in
 New Mexico, and in California, is sur
 passed in the Valley of Mexico, in
 Yucatan, in Cuba, in Nicaragua, in
 Guatemala, and in other States of
 Central America. There are fields
 native to the Tobacco plant, to the Rice
 plant, to the Cotton plant, and to the
 Sugar cane and the tropieal fruits; and
 there are even mines of silver and of
 gold. There the climate disposes to
 indolence, indolence to luxury, and
 luxury to slavery. There, those who
 can read the Wilmot Proviso only in
 the rigors of perpetual winter, or in
 arid sands, will fail to discern its inhi
 bition. Our pioneers are already in
 these inviting regions. Our capital is
 making passages through them from
 ocean to ocean; and within ten years
 these passages will be environed by
 American communities, surpassing in
 power and wealth, if not in numbers,
 the unsettled and unenterprising States
 now existing there. You will say that
 national moderation will prevent further
 annexation. But national moderation
 did not hold us back from the Missis
 sippi, nor from the Nueces, nor from
 the Rio Grande, nor from the coast of
 the Pacific ocean. The virtue grows
 weaker always as the nation grows
 stronger.
 The demand of the slave States for
 a division line of 36 o 30m., or else
 where across the continent, between
 Slavery in the South and Freedom in
 the North, betrays the near expectation
 of these conquests. The domestic
 production and commerce in slaves will
 supplant .the African slave trade, and
 new Slave States will surround the
 Gulf of Mexico and cover its islands.
 These new States, combined with Slave
 States already existing, will constitute
 a Slave Empire, whose seat of com
 merce on the Crescent Levee will dom
 ineer not only overibe Southern portion
 of the continent, but through the Miss
 issippi and its far-reaching tributaries,
 over the valley between the Alleghanies
 and the Rocky Mountains. This, sir,
 is the dream of the slaveholder, and
 this is the interpretation thereof. I
 know full well that it is woven of the
 stuff which all "dreams are made of:”
 I know how hopeless would be the at
 tempt to establish and to maintain such
 States, and an Empire composed ol
 such States. But I know that nothing
 seems to Slavery impossible, after ad
 vantages already woa, and that calara
 tiea distant, and therefore divided, will
 tot deter it from the prosecution of its
 turpose, or extinguish the hope of
 luccess.
 There is i sound maxim which teach-
WHOLE NO. 184.
es that every government iaperpetually
 degenerating towards corruption, from
 which it must be rescued at successive
 periods by the resuscitation of its first
 principles and the re-establishment of
 its original Constitution. The bloed is
 not more native to the heart than the
 principle of the equality of men con
 tained in the Ordinance of ’B7 to the
 Constitution of the United States.—
 The Constitution of the United States
 confers no right upon Congress to de
 prive men of their natural rights and
 inalienable liberty. I shall, therefore,
 insist upon applying the Proviso, not
 only when it is necessary to save a ter
 ritory from Slavery, but even when its
 application might be waived, as a means
 of preserving and renewing the Con
 stitution itself. It cannot be bad politi
 cal husbandry to stir the earth and ap
 ply the fresh mold to the roots of the
 vine our forefather planted, when its
 branches are spreading themselves
 abroad and clustering upon the States
 which surround us.
 Cherishing these opinions, I have
 struggled to extend the ordinance of
 *7B over New-Mexico. If I fail in that,
 I shall not then surrender it by enter
 ing into the ridding covenant contained
 in this bill, but shall fall back, as I did
 in the case of California, upon the peo
 ple of the Territory, and leave New-
 Mexico ip the mean time under the
 protection of her ancient laws, deeming
 her more safe in resting free, through
 without guard, in open danger, than in
 closed in a suspected safety. This,
 sir, is non-intervention—such non-in
 tervention as you and I can practice
 and can justily. Not voluntary, self
 imposed non-intervention, to betray
 or expose Freedom, but compulsory
 non-intervention, when all intervention
 to save it had failed. The President an
 ticipated that falure through the known
 discordance between the two Houses
 of Congress, as we all might well have
 anticipated it. And therefore he re
 commended the alternative without an
 unnecessary trial. It would have been
 wise for the Slave States to have ad
 opted it then. It would be wise for
 the Senate to adopt it now. If we re
 ject it a iittlo longer, we shall only
 reach it at last through the necessity
 which .he so well foresaw. When that
 time comes, he will have his triumph
 ant vindication, for then it will be
 seen that he did the most for Harmony
 and for Freedom when to dull and pre
 judiced apprehensions he seemed to be
 doing nothing.
 I need only indicate the application
 of these remarks to Utah.
 The District of Columbia, the off
 spring of the Repubic, is cherished
 equally by all the States; and if the
 destinies of the nation are corruptly
 apprehended, the Capital must one day
 stand in dignity, and for the liberal
 arts, without a parallel. But it yet
 lacks one element of greatness, the
 dignity af labor. Its atmosphere sup
 presses, although it cannot smother,
 the love of liberty, which is a public,
 universal and undying affection. Why
 should the great interests of the capital
 be cast into the balance to bring up
 the already buoyant scale of Califor
 nia The only reason is have
 decided to overload that scale with the
 weight of your gratuity to Texas, and
 of the suppression of Freedom in Utah
 and New-Mexico?
 Such, Sir, is the manner in which
 California, Texas, New Mexico, Utah
 and Columbia are wronged by casting
 their interests into the misshapen chaos
 of fair-seeming forms and mischiefs
 manifold, which constitutes this ex
 traordinary scheme ef compromise and
 adjustment.
 The scheme has engrossed the Sen
 ate six months to the exclusion of near
 ly every other measure. If it ever
 shall reach the House of Representa
 tives, its most auspicious promise there
 is a rejection, to be followed by a final
 disagreement between the two Houses.
 And this will be the sum of the History
 of the First Session of the Thirty-first
 Congress—the history of an attempt to
 break in one compact and twisted
 bundle of fagots so strong and gnarled
 that they could hardly be snapped
 singly—an attempt to overcome rea
 son, passion and prejudice altogether,
 instead of engaging reason alone.
 We were driven and harrassed into
 this strange proceeding by alarms ol
 danger to the Republic.—Well, Sir,
 California, New-Mexico, Utah and the
 District ot Columbia were no sooner
 crowded and crammed into this un
 wieldy, rickety ark—through distrust
 of the customary vehicles of legislation
 —to weather out the dark and danger
 ous storm —than the storm passed away
 like a cloud in Autumn.—The ominous
 Kalends of June have come, and with
 theft tht extra-cof.sti‘utiona{ as en
 blage at Nashville, but not its invading
 fleets and hostile armies. So also the
 crisis in the House of Representatives
 has come without disclosing the steep
 ruin once apprehended. The political
 elements "have subsided from their wild
 uproar. Why not now resume the
 voyage in separate vessels, and follow
 ing the Presidential chart, make the
 port speedily and in safety.
 The answer is that the Common
 wealth is laboring of wounds which
 threaten its safety. It cannot be im
 proper to apply to each of them a test
 that will search it to the bottom.
 The first of them is the alleged ne
 glect to surrender fugitive slaves. 'Hus
 wound bleeds afresh at every return of
 Congress to the Capitol.
 •‘Thamrao* came next behind,
 Whose enowd wound* in Lebanon allured
 'I he byrsn demrele to lament hi. fee
 In amor on. diules all a tummer’s dejr.”
 Sir, it i« not proved here thafibrfc
fugitives a year are withheld against
 lawful demands; nay, I think it it not
 proved that even one is so withheld.
 The value of what is called slave pro
 perty, because the laws of slave States
 makes it property, is not impaired *one
 dollar. Strength, Beauty and Youth
 bring their accustomed prices. Whet,
 then, is the evil? The people of the
 free States hesitate at the Execution of
 the act of 1793 among them, without an
 adequate provision for distinguishing
 between the real fugitive and the free
 I citizen—between surrendering tho un
 j happy slave and* kidnapping the still
 more unhappy freeman. Atid what is
 jyour remedy? To give the form of
 trial after the surrender in Hie State to
 j which the alleged fugitive is convey
 ed. Sir, this will only aggravate this
 j exaggerated evil Are you, then, pre
 j pared to confess that this proud Re
 public approaches its downfall because
 ia slave sometimes finds a refuge under
 it in spite of its laws?
 The next.of these evils is the agita
 tion about Slavery in the District of
 j Columbia. There are only a thousand
 slaves here alt told. The People- of
 the free* States remonstrate against
 j their being held in hopeless bondage
 j but they wait patiently uutil the mind
 !of the Nation can be moved to abolish
 it. What answer does this bill g-ve to
 these remonstrances? It proposes to
 remove the slave shambles across the
 Potomac, and in return for that con
 cession, exacts a guarantee of the
 continuanco of Slavery, until Mary
 land shall consent to its abolition.
 Sir, this is heating the wound by plung
 ing deeper into it, the knife (hat made
 it. Shall we then authorize the newly
 returned Minister from Russia to give
 to his Imperial master the gratifying
 intelligence that this Republic, the
 equipoise of Despotism, hastens to a
 fall by a cause so inadequate and so
 inglorious as the bare possibility that
 1,000 slaves may, some five, ten or
 twenty years hence, be redeemed from
 bondage!
 The next of these evils is the en
 croachment of Texas upon New Mexi
 co. Well, sir, we will leave the Ter
 ritory of New Mexico in the keeping of
 the President, and her free institutions
 to the care of her own people until she
 can come here as a State and demand
 admission into the Union.
 The fourth of these disasters is the
 solitude of 10,000 Mormons in the ba
 sin of the Salt Lake. But this soli
 tude is of their own choice. They
 could could not live under Govern
 ment in any of our States. It is, there
 fore solitude sw r eetened by independ
 ence. The remedy proposed by the
 Compromise is to extend to them in
 stitutions like those from which they
 fled. Sir, the Mormons, when they
 shall have gathered a population ade
 quate to sustain a State Government,
 can es tablish one; and in the meantime
 they will be living under the protec
 tion of our arms and enjoying the only
 laws they are yet prepared to endure.
 The is then only one real wound
 upon the body politic, the suspension
 of California; and this is the very one
 which, with exquisite surgery, the
 President proposes to us to heal imme
 diately, and by itself alone.
 But it is insisted that, trivial as those
 disturbances are, the country is never
 theless irritated, excited and distracted,
 Sir, the country seem 9 to me neither
 excited nor distracted. It is worried
 by our own delays, and has become im
 patient—not impatient yet enongh to
 approve this bill, but impatient for the
 admission of California alone. That is
 all.
 Still it is replied that the Slavery
 question must be settled. That ques
 tion cannot be settled by this bill.
 Slavery and Freedom are conflicting
 systems brought together by the union
 of the States, not neutralized nor even
 harmonized. Their antagonism is
 radical,and therefore perpetual. Com
 promise engenders conflict involves,
 unavoidably, all questions of a natiuna
 interest,—questions of Revenue, of In
 ternal Improvements, of Industry of
 Commerce, of Political rivalry, and
 even all questions of Peace and of War.
 In entering the career of conquest, you
 have kindled to a fierce heat the fires
 you seek to extinguish, because you
 have thrown into them the fuel of Pro
 pagandism. We have the Propagan
 disni of Slavery to enlarge the slave
 market and to increase slave represen
 tation in Congress and in the Electoral
 Colleges,—for the bramble ever seeks
 power, though the olive, the fig and
 the vine should refuse it, —and Prop
 agandism of Freedom to counteract
 these purposes. Nor can this Propa
 gandism be arrested on either side.
 The sea is covered with exiles, and
 they swarm over the land Emigration
 from Europe, and from Asia, and from
 Polynesia, and from the Free States
 and from the Slave States and from the
 Slave States, goes on and must go on
 will go on, in obedience to laws which
 I should say were higher than the con
 stitution, if any such laws were ac
 knowledged here. And I may be al
 lowed here to refer those who have been
 scandalized by the allusion to such
 laws, to a single passage by an author
 whose opinions did not err on the side
 of superstition or tyranny.
 "If it be said that every nation ought
 in this to follow their own constitutions
 we are at an end of all our controver
 sies, for they ought not to be followed
 unless they are rightly made: they
 cannot be rightly made if they are
 contrary to the universal law of God
 and Nature” [Discourses on Govern
 ment, by Algernon Sidr*ey, ch. 1, p. 40.
 And wherever these emigrants go,
 whether they go from necessity or of
 choice, they form continuous unbroken
 streaming processions of colonists,
 founders of States, builders of Nations:
 and where Colonies are planted, States
 are formed of nations built, Labor is
 there the first and indespensable ele
 ment, and it begins and prosecutes to
 the end its strife for freedom and pow
 er. While the sovereignty of the Ter
 ritories remains here, the strife will
 come up here to be composed. You
 may slay the Wilroot Proviso in the
 Senate Chamber and bury it beneath
 hails to-morrow.
 When the strife is ended in the Ter
 ritory you now possess, it will be re
 newed on new fields, to fortify advan
 tages gained, or to retrieve losses io
 curred; for both of the parties know
 there is "yet that word Hereafter.”
 Senators have referred us to the
 promise of peace, heralded in the Mex
 ican Compromise. Sir, that prophecy
 if) hat half its journey ye*. The
"
