"nexation of Texas the invasion of Mexico,
 this prolonged struggle oTer California, this
 desperate contest for the snows and sands of
 New Mexico and Deseret, are all within the
 scope and limits of the prediction, and so are
 tire strifes yet to come over ice bound regions
 beyond the Sr. Lawrence and sunburnt plains
 beneath the tropics.
 But while this compromise will fail of all
 its purposes, it will work out serious and
 lasting evils. All such Compromises, are
 changes of the Constitution, made in deroga
 tion of the Constitution. They render it
 uncertain in its meaning, and impair ita vigor
 as well as its sanctions. This Compromise
 finds the Senate in wide divergence from the
 House of Representatives, by reason of the
 undue multiplication of feeble consumptive
 States effected by former Compromises of
 the same sort. You will incur that evil until
 the Congress of the United States will be un
 able to conduct the business of the cojntrv
 by reason of a chronic disagreement between
 this and the popular branch, and the result
 will be the abolition of one branch or of the
 othei. Either of such would probably he fa
 tal to Liberty.
 This compromise is rendered doubly dan
 gerous by the circumstance that it is a con
 cession to alarms of disorganizatjpn and fac
 tion. Such concessions once begun, follow
 each other with fearful rapidity and always
 increasing magnitude. It is time, high time
 •hat panics about the Union should cease;
 that it should be known and felt that the
 Constitution and the Union within the limits
 of human security, are safe, firm and perpet
 ual.—Settle what you can settle, confide in
 that old arbiter Time for his favor and aid in
 (settling foT the future, what belongs to the
 future, and you will hereafter be relieved of
 two classes of patriots whose labors can well
 be spared—those who clamor for disunion,
 either to abolish slavery or to prevent eman
 cipation, and those who surrender principles
 or sound policy to clamors so idle.
 Sir, the agitations which alarm us are
 not signs of evils to come, but mild efforts of
 the Commonwealth for relief from mischiefs
 past.
 There is a way, and one way only, to put
 them at rest. Let us go back to the ground
 where our forefathers stood. While we
 leave Slavery to the care of the States
 which it exists, let us inflexibly direct the
 policy of the Federal Government to circum
 scribe its limits, and favor its ultimate extin
 guishment. Let those who have this mis
 fortune entailed upon them, instead of con
 triving how to maintain an equilibrium that
 never existed, consider carefully how, at
 some time—it may be ten, or twenty, or
 even fifty years hence—by some means, by
 means of their own, and with our aid, with
 out sudden change or violent action, they
 may bring about the Emancipation of Labor,
 and its restoration to its just dignity and pow
 er in the Slate. Let them take Hope to
 themselves, give Hope to the Free States,
 awaken Hope throughout the world. They
 will thus anticipate only what must happen
 at some time, and what they themselves
 must desire, if they can corne safely, and as
 soon as it can come without danger. Let
 them do only this, and every cause of disa
 greement will cease, immediately and forever.
 We shall then not merely endure each other
 but we shall be reconciled together, and shall
 realize once more the concord which results
 from mutual league, united counsels, and
 equal hopes and hazards in the most sublime
 and beneficient enterprizo the earth has wit
 nessed. The fingers of the Powers obove
 would tune the harmony of such a Peace.
Mr. Seward’s Speech.
 It is not our intention to fill up our col
 umns with long political speeches; but, when
 the nation is the subject of an agitation sel
 dom if ever excelled; when it is in the midst
 of a great moral conflict, which marks a dis
 tinct period, and forms a crisis in our national
 histoiy; when the friends of three millions of
 bleeding and oppressed men, women and
 children are beginning to be heard in the
 national councils, and when in those councils
 the voice of truth, of humanity and of God is
 finding an utterance, we cannot regard it as
 anything else than duty to let our readers en
 joy for themselves, some of the first fruits of
 the struggle in which they have been engag
 ed for years. We regard this speech of Mr.
 Seward as well as his former, and the various
 heart-cheering speeches that have been utter
 ed in Congress this session, as some of the
 first fruits of the long struggle in which Abo
 litionists have been engaged.
 We do not regard this speech as superior
 to Mr. Seward’s former effort. It is indeed
 more classic and ornate, but it lacks the poin|
 and edge which the former possessed. That
 which gave us the most pleasure in Mr. Sew
 ard’s foimer speech was his advocacy of the
 faw of God, as superior to law of man.—
 While, therefore, Mr. Seward and Aboli
 tionists propei, differ as regards the pro-sla
 very or the anti-slavery character of the Con
 stitution, both must come at last to the same
 conclusion, that slavery even if constitutional,
 ought immediately to be abolished. Mr.
 Seward, and those who act with him politi
 cally, must come to this conclusion from the
 position he and they occupy, namely, that
 slavery is contiary to the law of God. The
 Aboliiionist comes to ihe same conclusion be
 cause he believes slavery to be contrary both
 to the law of God and the Constitution ol
 his country.
 How moitifying it is to see a politicise
 boldly and faithfully condemning slavehold
 ing as contrary to the law of God, while at
 many professed ministers of Christ declare il
 to be in harmony with that law!
 So far as we have been able to observe, th&lt;
 speech meets with very general favor.—
 American Baptist.
t orrmpoudence of the Baltinorv Patriot.
 CjJov. Seward’i Speech.
 Washington, July 2.
 The Senate was occupied, as will be seen,
 to-day with the concluding portion of Mr.
 Upham’s speech, and a speech of about an
 hour and a quaiter from Mr. Seward, of New
 Vork. Mr. Seward seems to have abandon
 ed his more ultra positions, and to talk more
 like an old fashioned Whig. His speech to
 day was one of the most powerful and effec
 tive efforts of oratory to which I have ever
 listened, in or out of Congress. It command
 ed for an bout and a quarter at the close of a
 protracted session, the most profound atten
 tion of the Senate. He is an able represent
 ative of a great State, and however much we
 may regret or conUemn some of the opinions
 he has advanced during this session, bis
 great abilities were universally admitted by
 all who heard him, of both parties. I have
 seldom, if ever, beheld the Senate when it
 was hushed into so profound silence, by a
 speech upon any ordinary occasion.—l can
 not help imping that Senator Seward will
 renounce every vestige of ultraism, and come
 out upon purely national grounds, but I think
 lie is fast verging toward such a position.
Senator Seward’s Second Speech
 Cov. Seward has spoken again for Freedom.
 His Speech, which will be found in another
 part of this paper, is worthy of its great
 theme. It will find, in this State, at least,
 more readers, and a warmer approval, than
 that uf any other Statesman of the present
 may we not say, of any former Cong less?—
 Alt&gt;. Journal.
 Death or tie President or the UmrfD
 •states.— We stop out press to announce
 what seems to us a great publie calamity.
 1 uesday night, at half mm ten o’clock, Pres
 ident Taylor breathed his last. He partici
 pated last Thursday (the 4th) in the celebra
 uons of that day, and appeared in his usual
 natural health. Early the next morning he
 was attacked with cholera morbus, fever
 superseded, and Tuesday night he died.
 Rarely has the disease of any public man
 given us so much pain aa this melancholy
 event. We have no {room for comment.—
 JSaUonul Em. T
Posting of London Newspapers viewed
 from wit Hi li-
lt was a quarter before six o’clock when
 they crossed the Hall—six being the latest
 hour at which newspapers can be posted with
 out fee. It was then just drizzling newspa
 p&amp;pers. The great window of that depart
 ment being thrown open, the first black fringe
 of a thunder-cloud of newspapers impending
 over the Post-office was discharging itself
 fitfully—now in large drops, now in little;
 now in sudden plumps now stopping alto
 gether. By degrees it began to rain hard;
 by fast degrees the storm came on harder, un
 til it blew, rained, hailed, anowed, newspa
 pers. A fountain of newspapers played in
 at the window. Waterspouts of newspaper*
 broke from enormous aacks and engulphed
 the men inside. A prodigious msin of news
 papers, at the Newspaper River Head, seem
 ed to be turned on, threatening destruction to
 the miserable Post-office.' The Post-office
 was so full already, that the window foamed
 at the mouth with newspapers. Newspapers
 flew out like froth, and were tumbled in again
 by the bystanders. All the boys in London
 seemed to have gone mad, and to be beseig
 inglhe Post-office with newspapets. Now
 and then there was a girl; now and then a
 woman; now and then a weak old man: but
 as the minute hand of the clock crept near to
 six, such a torrent of boys, and such s tor
 rent of newspapers, came tumbling in togeth
 er pell-mell, head over heels, one above
 another, that the giddy head looked on chiefly
 wondering why the boya, springing over one
 another’s heads and flying the garter into the
 Post-office with the enthusiasm of the corps
 of acrobats at M. Franconi’s didn’t post
 themselves nightly, along with the newspa
 pers, and get delivered all over the world.
 Suddenly it struck six. Shut Sesame!
 Perfectly still weather. Nobody there. No
 token of the late storm—not a soul too late!
 But what a chaos within! Men up to their
 knees in newspapers on great platforms, men
 gardening among newspapers with rakes;
 men digging and delving among newspapers
 as if a new description of rock had been
 blasted into those fragments; men going up
 and down a gigantic trap—an ascending and
 descending room, worked by a steam engine
 —still taking with them nothiog but news
 papers! All the history of the time, all the
 chronicled births, deaths and marriages, all
 the erimes, all the accidents, all the vanities,
 all the changes, all the realities; of all the
 civilized earth, heaped up, parceled out, car
 ried about, knocked down, cut, shuffled,
 played, dealt, gathered up, and passed from
 hand to hand, in an apparently interminable
 and hopeless confusion, but really in a sys
 tem of admirable order, certainty, snd sim
 plicity, pursued six nights every week, all
 through the rolling year! Which of us, af
 ter this, shall find fault with the rather mote
 extensive system of good and evil, when we
 don’t quite understand it at a glance; or set
 the stairs right in their spheres? The friends
 weie informed that seventy millions passed
 through all the Post-offices every year. Up
 wards of eighty million newspaper stamps
 are distributed annually from the stamp-of
 fice; but most of the London papers are con
 veyed into the country by early trains. On
 the other hand, frequently the same paper
 passes through the post several times, which
 accounts for &gt;he small excess of ten million
 stamps issued over papers posted. In weight
 ono hundred and eighty-seven tons of paper
 and print pass up and down the ingenious
 “lift” every week, and thence to the utter
 most cornets of ihe earth—from Blackfriars
 to Botany Bay, from the Strand to Cbusan.
 —Household Words.
Parisian Gossip.
 COMPILED FROM RECENT FOREIGN PAPERS.
 I cannot pretend to tell you that the spiri
 or what the feeling may be that for the prea
 ent moment has taken possession of the Pa
 risian; he is silent and reserved, but he ii
 neither gloomy nor apprehensive. It is evi
 dent that he is thorougly discontented wit!
 the present position of affairs, but haa no im
 mediate intention of attempting anything
 either to change or to direct them. He seem*
 to be patiently waiting for the turn of the
 tide, expecting with it a storm; but wbetbei
 •it will be a passing shower of a terrific burs
 he cannot foresee. Some think that there it
 only a deceitful calm, whilst others fancj
 that they see a blue sky and a brilliant sun
 One thing cannot fail to strike the observer
 which is, that in the places where people
 “most do congregate,” to talk of the passing
 events of the world, there are few who art
 anxious, or even jwilling, to express theij
 opinion, but seem to be under a control that it
 completely inconsistent with the usual charac
 ter of the people.
 The weather haa been remarkably fine
 though many complain of the heat. At ihu
 season it is that Paris is seen to (terfection
 The purity of the air, the singular brilliancy
 of the light, the vivid green of the trees,
 which seem to have sprung up by some en
 chantmentoo the self-same spot on the Boule
 vards from whence they were torn for the
 barricades, give an air of freshness and oi
 gaiety which belong to no other city. Kvei v
 body seems to enjoy himself in hit own way
 There are the magnificent halla of the Louvrt
 for the lovers of the fine arts; the well-regu
 lated Jctrdin des Plantes for the naturalist
 the treasures of the public libaries for the
 studious; and for the lounger, the fashonable
 and the gossip, are there not the chairs in the
 gardens of the railleries? and for the epi
 cure, are there not the restaurants of the
 Palais Royale, and the ices and the coffee o
 Tortoni and the Maison Doree—or, the
 “House ofGold,” as it is often called frotr
 the rapidity with which that metal disappear!
 from the pockets of its frequenters.
 Aftet many years* consideration of the
 benefits and the evils which result fiom mac
 adamization of the principle streets of Paris,
 a commencement has been made on the Boule
 vards, to the great consternation of all the
 makers of barricades, who thus will lose all
 the means of buildiog up those ingenious de
 fences against military action. Whether this
 system will succeed is to be found out: cer
 tainly the noise in the streets of Paris is in
 tolerable; for, as there are no areas inhabited
 by domestices, as in London, where the sound
 of vehicles is lost, there is a tremendous re
 verberation from each aide of the way. On
 the other hand, the dust will prove intoler
 able, for the fine stone, formed of the sul
 phate of lime, is quickly reduced to an im
 palpable powder, which will speedily find its
 way into the shops, and spoil all those deli
 cate and showy articles which are the pride
 and beauty of the Persian manufacturer.
 Discoveries of gold mines ate daily talked
 of. We have now a report that in the Pied
 montese Alps has been found the source
 the wealth of the great family of Borromeo,
 one of its members having been buired at
 Milan with treasures far surpassing anything
 told us in the “Arabian Nights’ Entertain
 ments.” Compared with this new auriferous
 wonder, it is said California is but a barren
 rock. Some of the speculators who hold
 shares in this marvellous mine expect to have
 the rest of their lives gilded over with eternal
 sunshine, and calculate upon supernatural fe
 licity. These waking dreams are no doabt
 vety fascinating, but alas! they wUi be found
 unreal visions, which corrupt sad weaken the
 understanding.
 The manufacturers are making great pi#
 parations for the London Industrial Exhibi
 tion. New Englander,
 t 1 i I,
 O* J- G. Whittier, in aa article in the
 Era, indignantly declares that Webster’s as
 sertion as to the approval of his speech by the
 Friends, is “unqualifiedly false to the last de
 gree.” He says that there is not a member
 of that Society who could carry out the pro
 viston of Mason’s hill “without tendering
 himself liable to immediate expulsion from a
 Society whose character would be disgraced
 and whose discipline would be violated bv
 such *cUQa,&gt;’~£wtU American,
THE NORTH STAR.
ROCHESTER, JULY 18, 1860.
The North (Star i* sometium sent to friend*
 who do not take the paper, in the hope that they
 mar we fit to subscribe for it. Subscription* mad
 donation* for the aarne may be safely enclosed, ad
 dressed to Frederick Douglas*, Rochester,
 N. Y.
 o^*Wart*d —Several Travelling Agents,
 to procure subscribers ftw the North Star. A
 liberal commission will be given. None need apply
 but such as can bring good recommendations for
 industry, accuracy and honesty. Apply to FRED
 ERICK Douglass, Rochester, N. Y.
To our Subscriberi. —ln several cotem
 porary anti-slavery journal#, we have tecenily
 seen a notice to “subscribers.” We shall
 take the hint thus afforded us, and request all
 subscriber iu arrears for this paper to favor
 us by remitting the amouuts due, through the
 post. Let each friend of the cause exert
 himself to increase the circulation of our pa
 per by obtaining one new subscriber.
 Our English friends who have not paid
 their subscriptions to the North Star, for the
 year 1850, are requested to forward them, by
 Post Office Order, to Mrs. Henry Richard
 son, 5, Sumraerhill GAve, Newcastle-on-
 Tyne.— r. d
KJ* Will our Toronto friends who have not
 paid their übscriptions for the present year
 of the North Star, have the kindness to for
 ward them to our Agent, Mr. J. James Carey!
Letter from the Editor.
 Cincinnati, July 5, 1850.
 Dear Readers After a long and tedious
 journey, I reached this far-famed young city
 of the West yesterday at 11 P. M. I took
 passage from Buffalo on board the new and
 beautiful steamer “Alabama, 1 for Sandusky
 City, on Tuesday night at ten o’clock.—
 There was some hesitation, on the part of the
 Clerk, about giving me a ticket, but, after
 consulting with tbs Steward, and waiting on
 a number of white gentlemen, (who applied
 for ticketa long after I did,) he at last conde
 scended to give me a first-class ticket, for
 ten dollars, through to this city, and to direct
 me to a state-room which, though badly ven
 tilated, was quite tolerable. Did not duty re
 quire it, I would never travel on Lake Erie,
 beautiful as it is, while the abominable pre
 scription of colored persons prevails; for of
 what value are all the beauties of nature,
 where human nature itself is violated, degm
 ded and insulted?
 Parting with my esteemed friend, A. H.
 Francis, of Buffalo, (who kindly accompanied
 me to the steamer, and did what he could to
 secure me a comfortable passage,) I went
 immediately to my beith, seeking to avoid
 recognition or observation, and to pass the
 time of the trip in quiet. I was, of course,
 required, during the passage, to take my
 meals alone. In other respects, my fare,
 though not equal to. that of the first table
 was good enough for a plain man.
 Notwithstanding my desite to pass unob
 served during tbe passage thanks to th«
 pro-slavery press—l am altogether too noto
 rious to travel long unknown in any part o
 i this country. 1 was soon surrounded by i
 number of gentlemen and solicited to addrest
 the fpasseogers. The unanimous consent o
 all parlies being obtained, J did not feel a
 liberty to decline; and therefore addressed th&lt;
 meeting in a speech of one hour and a half
 and was listened to, for the most part, wit!
 evident interest. There were slaveholders or
 board, and some pro-slavery men, wtio o
 course did not very well relish ray anijpad
 versions on our national character and pe
 culjar institutions;” but the affair, as a whole
 passed off well, and the effect, I ihink, wai
 good. Several gentlemen spoke to me after
 ward in a kind and respectful manner; and ai
 altered tone of feeling towards me was pretty
 evident. There were a number of pleasan
 and intelligent colored men on board, ant
 they seemed especially gratified that I hat
 spoken; and some of them showed their in
 terest in our common cause, by subscribing
 and paying for tbe North Star. So mucl
 for my anti-slavery meeting on board tb«
 steam-packet “Alabarfla.”
 Wednesday was a beautiful day and th&lt;
 broad expanse of tbe inland ocean, with the
 imposing forests which extend along its south
 shore, presented a view of beauty and gran'
 deur seldom surpassed. The steamer touched
 at several ports on the Lake—Fairport, Ash
 tabula, and Cleveland. The landings were
 performed with great despatch, and we were
 soon off again, swinging clear of the land,
 and breaking again the cresting waves of the
 broad blue lake. About twenty hours from
 Buffalo, our steamer brought us safely into
 the Bay of Sandusky. This Bay is a fine
 sheet of water, encircled by land, well cov
 ered and sheltered by lofty, luxurious woods,
 and forms x fine harbor. Sandusky City is
 built upon a low, fiat, uninteresting, ill-con
 ditioned surface, and looks peculiarly inviting
 to sickness. It is not surprising that tbe
 cholera should have made such inioads and
 havoc among its population. The land is
 exceedingly low, and but poorly cultivated,
 for many miles around. The Railroad from
 Sandusky to Springfield, is rightly named the
 Mad Rivet Railioad,” for, though the river
 may be tame enough, tbe road is one of the
 craziest that this country affords. Its rails
 are flat, and are so irregularly laid as to jostle
 tbe cars from side to side like a ship encoun
 tering adverse waves. Upon ibis toad I was
 tossed all night. Sleep wta out of the ques
 tion. I felt as tired in the morning as a sailor
 at the pumps. The road from Springfield to
 Cincinnati is good, and will compare favorably
 with the best railroads in New England and
 New York. There is no proscription on ac
 count of color on this Road—at least 1 re
 ceived no ill treatment from any of the serv
 ants or officers on it. Tbe country from
 Springfield to Cincinnati is charmingly beau
 tiful. The soil is rich; the crops look well,
 and promise a fine harvest. Tbe Miami
 Valley, through which the road from Spring
 field to Cincinnati passes, is one of the
 in tbe country. Its woods are peculiar for
 richness, covering the hill-sides from base to
 MimeaiL No lover of Nature can pass thro’
 his valley witboutbeing soothed and chsrmed
 &gt;j its tranquil beauty. The trees reminded
 ne of some of the best carad-fiw woods ol
 Stilish noblemen. They needed little labor
 o make them superior in many respects to tbe
 aoet beautiful in Devon* bite.” When I
 bought that this fertile valley ’is probably l
owned by the hard-L»nded fanner, whose
 neat dwelling and luxuriant fields broke upon
 me at intervals, and varied the pleasant view,
 l felt that the people might well celebrate the
 Fourth of July. They have some reason to
 do so. I could almost have joined with them,
 if I were not checked and saddened by the
 recollection that even this beautiful valley ia
 but uommon hunting-ground for men—that
 even here, the panting slave may be ckaaed,
 caught, chained, and buried back into inter
 minable slavery. With t bis thought, I could
 not but look upon the parade and noisy de
 monstrations which met us at every village,
 aa bellow mockery—deceitful show.
 Five hours brought us from Springfield to
 Cincmsaii, and in foil view ot the Ohio
 River. This is the nearest approach 1 have
 ever made to the land of slavery since I es
 caped the grasp of my inaater, now nearly
 twelve yeara ago.
 During the memorable odfe hundred Con
 ventions held in the Western States, seven
 years ago, under the management of the
 Massachusetts Anti-Slaveiy Society, I waa
 strongly tempted to accompany my brother
 this city, but waa earnestly ad-
 it by my ami-slavery friend*,
 who deemed it unsafe. 1 was then a slave;
 British gold had not broken tbe legal power
 of mv master over my person; and it was
 feared that 1 might be kidnapped—spirited to
 the Kentucky side of the Ohio, and doomed
 to a life of slavery, saw the danger, and
 shunned it; yet I felt a certain slavish feeling
 quite galling to my spi.it. I had reached the
 Southern wall of my prison, and was
 chafing against its rough aides when 1 had
 fancied myself in a free State. There ia a
 bitter peculiarity in feelings induced by such
 a state of things. To dread the serpent, the
 hyena, the tiger, and other ferocious inhabit
 ants of tbe untamed forest, is natural. We
 shrink from these instinctively. But to be
 afraid of our brother man— to dread the
 approach of a being whose presence should
 shed over us the bright beams of social hap
 piness, and inspire us with confidence and
 brotherly kindness—a being who should em
 body in his character the light and light of
 justice and mercy—to see in a being ranked
 by the Living God as but." a little lower than
 the angels”—the malign qualities of the vul
 ture and the wolf, adds to the pang of fear
 an intense mortification, and sense of degra
 dation, too painful to be described. That
 hundreds of slaves prefer the danger and
 darkness of the dismal swamps to the homes
 and plantations of their Christian masters,
 is proof that they dread (he wolfish propensi
 ties of the slave holder more than they dread
 the real wolf. The appetite of the wild beasts
 may be satisfied, his thirst slaked but who
 can satisfy the blood thirsty slave holder
 He is unappeasable; the more he gets the
 more he wants. This vindictiveness is equal
 to his selfishness while the one is increased
 by torture, the other is not lessened by what
 it obtains. Like the insatiable horse leach,
 bis cry is, give, give, give From the power
 of such monsters it is not strange that the
 slave should strive to keep elear. But 1 am
 digressing. My journey to this City, though
 in many respects agreeable, wan altogether
 too rapid, rough, and laborious to afford me a
 chaifce of writing a word for the Star” by
 the way, and the distance from Cincinnati to
 Rochester is so great that 1 fear this will not
 reach the North Star office in time for next
 week’s paper. I shall, however, (hoping
 against hope) huny off a short sketch of my
 journey and doings since Monday morning,
 Ist of July, up to this, the fifth day of my
 absence from home.—f. o.
 [The above letter was received too late to be
 Inserted in the last week’s paper.]
Letter (row the Editor— No. 2.
 Cincinnati, July 9, 1850.
 My last letter brought me to Cincinnati
 and to the fifth of July. 1 have been so hur
 ried by my appointments, and oppressed by
 the excessively warm weather, as to be una
 ble to attend very faithfully to my editorial
 correspondence. AH who sympathize with
 the object of my mission, and some who do
 not so sympathize, appear to think that they
 have especial claims upon my time and at
 tention, and to these claims, well or ill found
 ed, 1 have been disposed to yield-
 My first meetings here were held in College
 Hall, a spacious room, capable of accommo
 dating from one thousand to fifteen hundred
 persons. J held two meetings on the fifth of
 July, afternoon and evening. The audience
 was large, and the Thermometer at ninety
 six. As might have been expected, so soon
 after the fourth of July, when the great deeds
 of our venerated and revolutionary sires were
 fiesh in every man’s memory, it was difficult
 to speak with any force or faithfulness with
 out giving offence to some patriotic souls who
 heard me. Iu my first speech I did this.
 My sentiments Btired up the elements of
 wrath in a couple of gentlemen from Louis
 ville, Kentucky. Their chivalrous spirit was
 dreadfully ruffled, and they spoke right out in
 the meeting One of them bravely told roe
 that I ought to be in the penitentiary, and
 that if he tad it in his power he would put
 ijte there, with many other similar compli
 mentary expressions. Their impertinent and
 vulgar interruptions were exceedingly annoy
 ing to the hearers, but not very embarrassing
 to me. They were turned to the account’of
 freedom, and perhaps did as much good as
 anything 1 could have said during the time
 occupied by the interrupters. J observed that
 these gallant Kentuckians received very little
 encouragement from the citizens of Cincin
 nati. If I mistake jtot, the men of the
 “Buckeye State 1 have nearly come to the
 conclusion to let the man stealers of old “Ken
 tuck” do their own mobbing and other dirty
 work, and although they believe in allowing
 to slave holders some privileges that they do
 not usually accord to others or claim for
 themselves, they nevertheless seemed to think,
 on this occasion, that theie were limits even
 to the privileges of slave holders according
 ly one of the cltaeoa stepped toward the up
 roarous slave holding dondiet ana gave them
 to ondeistand that 11 they did not cease their
 aoboeralic demonstrations, they might possi
 bly get their cloth soiled mad perhaps other
 wise mired. They were toM that if they did
 not behave, they weuld be put oo* of the
 boose. This sober admonition bad the desir
 ed effect, the gentlemen became orderly, and
 all has gone os smoothly since. I understand
 tme of them now (Mr- Stewart) professes to
 have become a convert. He sat very quietly
 and listened very attentively to my remarks at
the'secood meeting. Whu know* but what
 be may yet fine bis slaves Such a result is
 out impossible, though I fear it a improbable.
 Cincinnati is one buttered and fifty miles fiom
 Louisville, a hasty conversion might easily
 vanish into thin air” during the journey
 from one place to the other. The oorrnpnng
 influence of slavery is so strong that be must
 be a well organised man, and deeply imbued
 with the spirit and principle of human free
 dom, to rise above its pernicious power.
 1 have now held five meetings, and deliver
 ed five addreaaesin this city: three in College
 Hall, one on Walnut Hill, and one in the
 'Second Baptist Church, on Baker street. All
 the meetings have been numerously attended,
 and I am informed that many have kept away
 on account of the intense heat, and the preva
 lence of cholera. This dreadful disease
 seems to have fully entered upoe its mission
 of death, and numbers its victims by fifties per
 day. The German population suffer moat
 from the ravages thus far, but it now seems
 likely to spread among the population at
 large. There are several causes which make
 Cincinnati peculiarly liable fp this and other
 frightful diseases. It is completely surround
 ed, on three aides, by lofty hills, so that the
 purifying brecoes b?vp not fair spope. Jt is
 closely and compactly built. The houses are
 high, the streets are uarrow, and are paved
 with a soft limestone, wholly unfit for the pur
 pose—it being next to impossible to keep
 them in repair—they are cuf by the wheels of
 carts, drays and carriages into deep boles,
 these soon $ll up with water and filth; the
 hot sun blazing upon them, they foment, decay,
 and with the aid of swine that wallow in them,
 they send forth a noxious stench, truly sick
 ening. I understand that it is the purpose of
 the city authorities to cause these limestone
 pavements to be taken up, and to relay the
 streets with a superior, harder stone, which is
 now obtained from the bed of the river.
 When this is done it will be much easier to
 keep the streets clean, and the health of the
 city will be greatly improved.
 In looking at Cincinnati, with its fine build
 ings, its population of a hundred and thirty
 thousand, and its general city like appearance,
 it is difficult to believe that the spot on which
 it stands was all a wilderness half a century
 ago; yet such it was. All this, however,
 will be more surprising t j my English readers
 than to Americans. Towns and cities spring
 up and grow so rapidly in this country, that
 the case is not unfrequent that the old farmer
 lives to see a pity built qpop fiis corn held.
 But my sheet is now nearly full. 1 shall
 have something to say about the colored popj
 ulation of Cincinnati in my next letter.
 Frederick Douglass.
In Slavery Right 1
 Is slavery morally right I This is a ques
 tion which, in the abstract, would receive an
 unanimous negative, but when viewed through
 the medium of self-interest, it becomes debata
 ble, and gives rise to council—darkening con
 troversies. The advocates of slavery seldom
 refer to its moral legality, but attempt to jus
 tify it on the grpupd of constitutional legality.
 Southern chattel breeders, with all the
 navivete of the shrewd patriaieh of ring
 streaked memory, point to the Federal cove
 nant, and with the pathos of injured inno
 cence, complain of its infraction, when men
 of the North refuse to make more effectual
 provisions for depriving people of certain
 inalienable rights, among which are life, lib
 erty and the pursuit of happiness, when in
 the course of human events, they dissolve the
 bands which have connected them with others,
 and assume that station to which the laws of
 nature and nature’s God entitle them, and
 eyen among Northern men, who have often
 times been reputed wise, reprehend this re
 fusal because it appears to them like an effort
 to re-enact the laws of God and the declar
 ation of Independence.” They seem to think
 that although it was wrong for the South to
 chattelize man, still it may possibly be txpe
 dient for the North to re-chattelize him or—
 to compare great things with spall—that
 there should be more effectual provisions for
 the restoration of stolen goods to the thief,
 after they have been recovered by the lawful
 owner. But a higher principle than consid
 erations of mere expedience should influence
 the decision of questions involving the dearest
 interests of humanity. The dictates of just
 ice, imperious justice, must be regarded.
 There is, there can be but one answer to this
 question Slavery is wrong, totally wrong.
 Let those, who would rather be right than be
 President, beware of following the Ignis fatuus
 of decomposing hopes of greatness, into the
 moral quagmire of expedience. It is vain to
 attempt to effect a compromise between the
 laws of God and the third paragraph f the
 second edition of the fourth article of the con
 stitution.—M.
 New York Cirv, July 4, 1850.
J. Candler and 0. W. Alexander.—
 These dear friends, who, with their wives,
 have been engaged for several months, as onr
 readers are aware, in visiting the West In
 dies, arrived-in New Yoik early on the
 24th ult. from Jamaica. We have had the
 pleasure of seeing them in New York and
 also in Philadelphia. Their report of the
 effects of emancipation upon the planters snd
 the colored people, differs widely from the
 accounts circulated in the newspapers of this
 country.
 A great change has come over the minds
 of the planters in regard to slavery, and
 our friends met with none who would he wil
 ling to have the old system restored. They
 were received everywhere with the utmost
 kindness, and held large anti-slavery meetings
 in most of the colonies, rejoicing to see even
 old oppressors hearing testimony to the val
 ue of human freedom, and expressing their
 gladness that slavery ia no more amongat
 them.
 The sentiments of our friends relative te
 the condition of the laborers and the eause
 of the existing commercial depression in the
 islands are similar, we believe, to those ex
 pressed by a correspondent of the New York
 Evening Post in in article on the British
 West Indies inserted amongst our Selec-
 Aftei visiting Washington and souse of
 our eastern cities, O. W. andC. Alexander
 expect to return to England, but John and
 Maria Candler will piobabJy travel west-1
 ward. I
Runaway Negroes.— Officer A. L. Jones,
 in.at tempting to- capture two runaway ne
 groes, came near losing his life on Wednesday
 night feat. He had found them on a boat
 to the liver, and when arrested they attempt
 ed to throw him overboard. Seizing each
 of theni, he pulled both overboard with him
 *I »f Ik. negroes,the
 other drowned,refuting u i«uS;, w |i e l
 waa offered hitn The negro drowned had
 fbr a long time, and belonged
 to Mr. Jacob Barrett, of Charleston,-S
 nuA Otorjnan Jum gy th.
fVwn the .LUertjr Petty Paper.
 i kUftti Colored Gem
 Cwnl Smith.
 Dear Friend.—We beg leave to lay be
 fore you, brief statement of fecta, in relation
 to injuries recently inflicted upon ua. For
 some time previous to ItM April, the colored
 ehSdien of Albany, attended the several
 District Schools in the city, as it was clearly
 *heir right to do, the colored people being
 «SHslly with others for the support oI
 rubiie Schools. But at that time, our school
 commissioners adopted a resolution ejecting
 the coioted children from the slid schools,
 i fot no other fault than their complexion, and
 i directing the several teachers not to adroit
 our children for instruction; thus compelling
 us to send oor children to an inferior school,
 provided for their exclusive use and incon
 veniently located; or else to be deprived of
 the benefit of the public school" fund.
 This act of injustice induced ua to make a
 united effort to have these grievances re
 moved; and accordingly we assembled and
 protested in respectful but earnest terms
 t a B*j§*t ib* of the commiasiooera, and
 em 10 re#cind the offensive reao
 lntVr Our appeal \va# made in y^in—the
 commissioners did not even ueign to reply to
 it, thus virtually denying ns the right of
 petition them on the subject of our wrongs;
 a further appeal to the superintendent, was
 equally futile.
 Failing to obtain redress by these pacific
 mesne, snd regarding the principle involved
 as of top greaj importance to he abandoned
 without struggle, yre have resolved to teat
 the legality ot tbeir doings in a court of Jaw.
 To cany out our purpose, we are compelled
 to request the assistance of our friends. Our
 object in now addressing you, is to solicit a
 contribution from you in aid of our under
 taking, apd wp confidently trust that our ap
 peal to your generosity will not be made in
 vain. |n deciding upop the merits of our
 application to your sympathies, we hope you
 will divest yourself of any unfavorable im
 pression growing out of our soeialj condition,
 and seek only to regard us as citizens seeing
 for our national rights.
 Respectfully, Yours, &amp;0.,
 w. p. Mclntyre, cw.
 of Finance Committee,
 FRANCIS VAN VRANKEN,
 Treasurer, 32 Stqte St.
 Albany, June 25tbi 1850.
 Answer.
 PjKTERSORQ, June 28th, 1850.
 Messrs. Mclntire and Van Vranken:
 Your letter, in behalf of the colored people
 of Albany, is just received.
 The colored people of the Northern States
 are not mistaken in tbeir conclusion, that they
 are the subjects of the deepest and most
 cruel wrongs. Rut they are mistaken, in
 regard to the remedy for those wrongs. This
 remedy is to get rid of their self-degradation,
 and to cultivate self-respect. Until they res
 pect themselves, others vyill not respect them-
 Until they cease to degrade themselves,
 others will degrade them. I have held this
 language to them, for many years. But they
 prefer closing their ears to me, and opening
 them to their flatterers and deceivers.
 How traitorous to his own rights and the
 rights of his race—how wanting jn self-re
 spect —nay how base—is the colored man,
 who will consent to belong to a church, or to
 a political party, the members of which make
 his complexion a bar to social equality! What
 a curse to the anti-slavery cause is such a
 colored man! I care npt what m*y be his
 merits —it is better for this cause, that he be
 below than shove ground.
 I have often thought with horror of the
 significance of the vulgar and profane ex
 pression: “I’ll see you damn’d first.” And,
 yet, I would see a man damned, sooner than
 I would consentto damn myself. Now, one
 of the most effectual ways of man to damn
 himself is to degrade himself—to defile and
 debase his soul—by such political and eccle
 siastical associations, as those, to which f
 referred. He had better see all the
 politicians and religionists around him go to
 perdition, than suffer himself to be guilty of
 descending from the Heaven of self-respect to
 the Hell of self-degradation.
 Shall I ever see the day, when the colored
 men of the North shall sternly and invincibly
 refuse to vote for those, or identify them
 selves, in church relations, with those, who
 refuse to eat by the side, or to ait in church
 by the side, or to let their children sit in
 school by the side, of colored persons? Slave
 ry cannot long survive that blessed day.
 Your proposed litigation will, .probably,
 avail you nothing- Inasmuch as you despise
 yourselves, your Judges and Jurors will also
 despise you. Nevertheless, your cause is
 right, and I will stand by it, and contribute
 money to sustain it. I send yon herewith my
 draft for $25. You will write me, from time
 to time, as you shall need mere money to
 carry pn the law suit.
 Notwithstanding this recent insult to the
 colored people of Albany, I expect to hear,
 after the next Fall Election, that they have
 again voted for anli-abolitionists and the des
 pisers of their race. In the name of consis
 tency, what right have they to complain of
 this insult?
 Respectfully, your friend,
 GERRIT SMITH.
Anti-Slavery Baptists Attend.—A call
 has appeared in the Christian Contributor,
 and in the Christian Reflector, for a meeting
 of all anti-slavery Baptists, in New England
 to meet in Lowell with the 3d Baptist church,
 on the 10th of July next at 10 o’clock, A. M.
 The object of the meeting is to consider our
 denominational relation to slavety, and what
 ia demanded of ua as Christians at the present
 time.
 Brethren of the Baptist denomination, more
 than one hundred and twenty-five thousand
 of our brethren and sisters are in bondage in
 this land. Bought and sold like beasts in the
 market—multitudes of our accredited minis
 ters are alaveholdeia—many more of our
 ministera and private members are apologists
 for slavery—a large number of our Northern
 pulpits, and communion tables are made free
 to these perpetrators of tlie foul deed. Oar
 groat religious bodies address no language of
 rebuke to slavery; but participate in its gains
 and do honor to its champions. Brethren, in
 view of these facta is there not something for
 us to do? The God above is calling us to
 arouse from our guilty slumber over this
 mightiest sin—the voice of wretched, beseech
 ing. humanity ia upon unr ear—a church
 spotted with blood, and staggering beneath
 the weight of Divine displeasure, and a coun
 try reeling to her ruin, all call us to hurry ie
 the rescue before it is too late.
 Brethren, will you not say to all yoor
 labors and interests as Abraham said to his
 servants, “Tarry ye here and I and the lad
 will go yonder and worship?”
 Brethren, 1 am yours for
 God and Humanity.
 A. T. FOSS.
 lndi. Democrat.
Frederick Douglass. —This individual,
 who has obtained much celebrity, in Europe
 and this country, arrived in f his city on the
 Fourth.
 Mr. Douglass, while on the steamer “Ala
 bama,” waa invited by the passengers to ad
 dress them. He replied, that he was opposed
 to speaking on such occasions, as there fight
 be nemons present, who might be unwilling
 to hear him, and he made it an invariable
 rule to decline, if any one person bad the least
 option.
 The passengers were then publicly called
 upon to make any objection, if any were en
 tertained—none being made, Mr. Douglas
 promptly came forward and addreaaed the
 meeting for an hour and a hall, upon slavery,
 emancipation, colonisation, amalgamation,
 &amp;e.
 He is a most eloquent and impressive
 speaker, and few men posses more attractive
 powers ofcrstory.
 He vMts this city for the first time, and
 triU attract attention,— sn.
From the N. Y. Tribes*.
 Emit ratio* la fttoaoari
 _ _ Kama*, Bio.
 Fa 1 end Gkeeley. There are now
 met landing between 80 and 70 emigrants
 •KMaa the old eeontry, (Florence.) They ate
 strong and able-bodied men and women
 JH *f U n within a few miles
 -mo.* IhM. w.
 wt 3 1
 countries t«*e is no sympathy for the boot
 or tor the laboring clam. With a
 sittance at the time by way of
 provision, they could get tit J***
 from the feeling- manifested I f ear th!!‘
 not be extended to them thl wIU
 Th. mump i. iMi-,!,. |,„j
 ■"H ln |eM:!it, »rwl bf.ot, o( loe.!To„
 f lhe lh
 «*«*ee, and the prairie commences, or what
 Sj here the Plains, and for many milS
 mrritmJ U !k and •"“l I*’ 1 a,ong ,he Mo Indian
 me &amp;tat e both piame IBQbejr The
 Smith*!!?’ 1 cr ?l* extremely well.
 South iff independence, along down as fhi
 as Port Scott, there can be no better famina
 ?"W- Pm.
 be **«xi ptici
 The California trams have all left W
 hear from them nearly everyday bv s
 Fe trader, coming in They
 suffermg good deal from
 dfc. botpe sickness among them, a Same
 ars; g*v. sLt
 h«ntr a e *d. One man returned on hoise
 d»y Yesterday, 700 miles. The
 h A e Mr?v r °o k f S Ut &gt;m ng bem and be
 A parly ot Santa Fe traders, consisting of
 urne since.—l be news has just arrived here
 The Indians are said to be every day becom
 ing more and more hostile. Probably they
 commS 0 f ,he
 m u T dU K &lt;heirCQ l ln ry by immense
 u, i ,lu de who pass through.
 VY# visited the Shawnee Missions. There
 are three within about six milea. The first
 1a Methodist, and is sustained by the Gov
 erntpept. hay have three large brick houses
 one the boarding-house, one for the
 SC L°° r and he fora high
 school for whites from the States. Th* is
 under the superintendence of Thomas Job.-
 holder 18 Method 9 Bhaister and a slave-
 One of the chiefs of the Shawneea rent,
 pari of the farm, which consists of 700 aeres
 and carries on farming on a pretty large
 scale. Has a large fine house and large stoek
 of cattle and hotscs, and has his work mostly
 done by slaves.
 1 hese are sometimes as many aa 120 chil
 dren in this school. Many of the young men
 learn trades, and the women are taught
 beside the common branches of education’
 housework and needlework.
 The Friends Mission is further out into
 their country, and is sustained entirely by
 den l t U fr~&lt;? ho,nas k Wel,a 19 Superintend
 dent. This Summer there are but 18 or 20
 children in attendence. In the Winter it is
 much larger. The Baptist Station we did
 not visit. u
 The influenee of the missionaries has been
 very great A majority of this tribe are far
 mers, and have considerable tracts of land
 under good fence and culture, and are dis
 posed to be quiet and industrious.
 But this is not about emigrants. I cannot
 advise emigrants to come to this state, solely
 on account of Slavery. The climate is most
 surpassingly delightful, and the soil cannot
 well be excelled, and everything seems to be
 uncommonly inviting; but Slavery like
 Satan at the gale of Patadiw, stands by and
 forbids entrance. Were it not for this I
 should advise them to come in by millions’
 lowa and Illinois are better. In these
 States there is plenly of Government land for
 those who are able to buy, and plenty of em
 ployers for those who are not, and friends all
 over and about who are ready to offer assis
 tance and counsel.
 1 know of but one way in which settlers
 should come here stall, and that is in large
 bodtes. Let them buy a township, import
 1 heir own sentiments and society, and be able
 to live in spue of the system of Slavery, and
 it is possible they might succeed. In any
 other way there is little hope.
 As ever, for God and Humanity
 JOHN O. WATTLES
Liberty Party Convention.
 The Convention of the Liberty Party of
 the State of New York, assembled at Syra
 cuse on the 3d inst. W. L. Chaplin, Presi
 dent, Ellis Clizbe, and Dr. Juslyn, Vice-Pres
 idents; and Joseph R. Johnson, andH. Smith,
 Secretaries. The Business Committee con
 sisted of Geriitt Smith, J. C. Jackson. D.
 Plumb J. Thomas, and A. Pruyn. The
 following resolutions, among others, were
 passed after discussion:
 Resolved, That passing events do but
 deepen our conviction, that a sectarian reli
 gion is the greatest hindrance to the deliver
 ance of the slave.
 Resolved, That eveiy slaveholding Gov
 ernment is bat a piracy; and that hence, if
 pirates invade Cuba, or South Carolina, Bra
 zil or Georgia, there is no more reason why
 Abolitionists and believers in righteous Civil
 Governments should sympathize with the in
 vaded than the invading pirates.
 Resolved, That the Government is deeply
 unjust which disfranchises woman; which
 denies its subjects the right to buy and sell
 freely what they please; which permits the
 sale of intoxicating diinka; which consumes
 the earnings of its subjects in wars; which
 tolerates or practices Land Monopoly; which
 refuses to the accused or to any party litigant
 the right of having his cause tried by judges
 and jurors who are not members of secret so
 cieties; or which sanctions or permits the
 practice of the matchless crime of slavery.
 Whereas, The New York Stale Temper
 ance Society has, from the first, proclaimed
 (hat the suppression by civil government of
 the sale of intoxicating drinks is the meas
 ure most emphatically indispensible to the
 success of the cause of Temperance; and
 whereas, at its late annual meeting, it re
 considered and rescined its resolution that it
 is grossly inconsistent for the friends of Tem
 perance to be connected with political pat
 ties which refuse to favor the aforesaid meas
 ure.
 Resolved, therefore, That a member of the
 Liberty party can no more belong to the un
 principled New York State Temperance So
 ciety, than he cao to one of the rum political
 parties.
 1 lie following nominations for State officers
 were made: For Governor, Wm. L. Chaplin
 of Albany; for Lieut. Governor, Joseph
 Plumb of Erie Co.; for Canal Commissioner,
 John C. Harrington of Oswego; for Prison
 Inspector, David Plumb of Troy.— N. Y.
 Evangelist.
Secession. —The Baltimore patriot hu in
 its Washington letter the following para*
 graph:—
 “I regretted to see the Southern Demo
 crat* leave the chamber almost in a body
 when Senator Seward commenced speaking,
 while the Whig side of the chamber was foil.
 Such intolerance (for it can be considered in
 no other light,) has a bad effect upon the
 Northern mind. It b a species of discourtesy
 which Northern men are never guilty of—
 sod which influences the North more than a
 thousand speeches would be likely to do.”
 Kentucky on van Compromise —'The
 Southern Press says: promise.-. lh
 “We have seen a letter from a well in*
 formed gentleman in Kentucky, denying
 ®osi positively that the people of that State
 we in favor of the compromise plan before
 the Senate. He assert* that the late Ken*
 tucky Convention, instead of approving it,
 refused to past the very resolution offered i&amp;
 la favor.’?
"
