"vbaplfs asd Liberty!
 ▲roasel Aro«ie!! Aroase!!!
 Ad unparalleled effort is to be made on
 behalf of Chaplin and Liberty. Let the peo
 ple meet in convention at the following time#
 and place#. Let the friends in each locality
 spare no pains or labor to secure a bouse
 and a large attendance, and make provision
 for strangers from a distance.
 Hartland, Thors., Sept. Mb, 3 p.m.
 Lockport, Frid., 6th, 10 a. m.
 Careyville, Sat., 7th, 2p. m.
 Le Roy, Sun., Bth,
 Henrietta, Mon., 9th,
 W. Bloomfield, Tues., 10th, 10 a. m.
 Pen Yann, Thurs., 12th,
 Williamson, Sun., Istb, 2 p.m.
 Rose Valley, Mon., 16th,
 Clyde, Tuea., 17th,
 Port Byron, Wed., 18th,
 Auburn, Thurs., 19th, 10 a. m,
 Ledyard, Frid., 20th, 2r. u.
 Northville, Sat., 21at,
 Scipio, Sun., 22d,
 Union Spring#, Moo., 23d,
 Seneca Falls, Tues., 24th, 10 a.m.
 Vienna, Wed., 25th, 2p. m.
 These meetings are to be attended by Wit.
 R. Smith, E. M. K. Glu, O. W. Clark,
 James Bauh, Samuil J. May. George
 Bradburn, and the Edmonson Sisters.
 There is no time to be lost. TWENTY
 THOUSAND DOLLARS must be raised
 immediately. Come, friends! with your
 hundreds, your fifties, your tens and your
 mites.
 By direction of the “Chaplin Committee.’*
 J. C. JACKSON, Chn.
 Samuel J. May.
 Charles A. Wheaton, j ec
 The North Star Fair.
 The Women’s Association” of Philadel
 phia intend holding their Second Annual
 Fair, for the support of the North Star, on
 Christmas week.
 We feel that no great work can be rightly
 done, unless men and women co-operate.
 To our male friends, whom we found
 belps-mete” for our first Fair, we look
 earnestly and confidently. Brothers,, you will
 not fail us
 To secure the hearty co-operation of breth
 ren and friends, at home and abroad, we be
 lieve it is only necessary to announce our
 intention.
 Donations of Paintings, Engravings, Fancy
 Needlework, articles of food, &amp;c., will be
 gratefnlly received by any member of the
 Committee.
 On behalf of the Association,
 SARAH M. DOUGLASS.
Circular from the Chaplin Fund
 Committee.
 Believers in Jesus Christ—Lovers of Impartial
 Liberty—Human Men and Women—to you
 tee appeal!
 Cazenovia, Aug. 22, 1850.
 William L. Chaplin, a native of Massa
 chusetts, long a resident of the State of New
 York—the accomplished gentleman, the ripe
 scholar, the upright statesman, the whole
 souled philanthropist, the sincere, practical
 Christian; William L. Chaplin is imprisoned
 at the city of Washington, the Capital of
 our Republic, charged.
 First, With having assisted certain en
 slaved fellow-men in their attempt to escape
 from bondage; and
 Secondly With an assault upon those who
 arrested him, with an intent to kill them.
 For these alleged offences, he is now held
 in “duress vile” by the Police of the District
 of Columbia, and also under a requisition of
 the Governor of Maryland.
 Now be it known to all men. that be did
 not commit the second offence named above.
 At the time of his seizure he he had no
 weapon of violence about his person, nor does
 he ever wer any; neither did he know that
 his companions were armed; much less did
 he counsel them to make resistance. All this
 we know and do affirm. He was ignorant too
 of the character of the persons wbo seized
 him. No warrant for his arrest was an
 nounced. A band of men, like ruffians, in
 the darkness of night came upon him, on the
 highway, and the first salutation he received
 was a savage yell, and a blow that felled him
 senseless to the earth. When he recovered
 from the shock, he was in the hands of four
 stout men, and therefore powerless.
 The persons who were with Mr. Chaplin,
 made an effort (unhappily without success)
 to ave themselves frQm the monsters who
 would return them into slavery. But no one,
 of either party, was seriously injured, unless
 it were the self sacrificing Chaplin, lie was
 severely braised by the ruffians who captured
 him.
 The other charge, that he helped men in
 their attempt to escape from slavery, if true,
 should fix upon his good name the stigma of
 no crime, unless it be a crime to act in obedi
 ence to the commaud of Christ, to follow the
 example of the good Samaritan.
 Chaplin has the heart of a man, quickened
 by the spirit of “the Son of man.” lie was
 in that bad region of our country which is
 infested by the worst of robbers, where men
 and women are often found stripped, not so
 much of their raiment, as of all the rights of
 human beings; wounded, many of them in
 their persons, but all of them in their feelings,
 in the tendeiust relations of life; and left with
 not indeed an much as half of what constitutes
 the true life of men: Surely, if the poor
 travellei between Jerusalem and Jericho was
 to be pitied, and his relief attempted, Dot
 withstanding the dangers of the place, much
 more, every Christian must allow, ahould w;
 attempt (at any hazards to ourselves) the
 rescue of a fellow-man, who is subjected t&lt;&gt;
 the terrible wiong of Ameitcan slavery.
 W. L. Chaplin, if he has done all that the
 charge alleges, has done no mure than the
 good Samaritan would do; and for this we
 honor, we love him. To deliver him flora
 confinement, ihetefore, as soon as possible,
 that be may renew and redouble hin gener
 ous exertions in the cause of suffering hu
 manity, we feel ourselves impelled by the
 highest seLse of duty, and the deepest feel
 ings ot sympathy with him, and brotherly
 kindness to all men. We call upon all, wbo
 have any love of Christian heroism, to help
 us. The last mau who should be kept in
 confinement, or subjected to any disabilities
 in our country, or in our world, is the man
 wbo is ever ready to spend his time, bis
 strength, his all, to break the yoke of the
 oppressor, and set the captive free! Sucb is
 the man who is imprisoned in the jail of the
 Foiled Slates!!
 We plead, we insist, we demand, that his
 prison door be thiown open, not no much for
 hit sake (fur we know he counts it joy to suf
 fer in the cause of humanity) as far our owo
 sakea, that we may quicken our own and each
 oiher’e love of liberty, by doing honor to h»a
 exalted spirit of self-sacrificing philanthropy.
 We came to this Cazenovia Convention
 that we tnigb congratulate some r( the many
 in this region, who have escaped from a worse
 than Egyptian bondage, and advise with diem
 sod their friends, as to the obligations that
 reat upon us in regard to the nullioßs of our
 countrymen, wbo are longing to be likewise
 free. There have been with us about fifty
 fugitives; but the fugitive's bravest friend has
 not been here; and we have almoet forgotten
 the fifty wbo ate safe, to our concern for the j
one who is left behind in the clutches of those
 who bne no respect for the nghu of colored
 men, or of the colored men’s friend.
 Hie story of Chaplin’s captuie has been
 told us by a devoted fellow-laborer; and roost
 of the time of the Convention his been given
 to the consideration of his case. We were
 shown that the expenses, already incurred
 in his behalf, the legal processes to which we
 may be obliged to resort, and the services of
 the ablest counsel, will demand of his friends
 sn amount not less than twenty thousand
 dollars. But what is that for ua to pay, if
 those in out country, who profess to love the
 practical application of the principles of Chris
 tianity, will give their due proportion? No
 one would be impoverished, nay, all would
 be enriched; for whatever ii given, in such a
 cause as this, iiso invested at to yield an in
 comparably better interest than any soulless
 corporations psy. Le|, then, the rich men
 give their hundreds, and the poor widows
 their nuites, that all rosy share in the joy of
 Chaplin’s deliverance; and that the people of
 our land and other lands may know, that
 there are many thousands in ibis Republio,
 who will not bow the knee to Baal, but respect
 and love the Überaior, although he be chain
 ed in a dungeon, for more than the Oppressor
 of our fellow-men, though he walk at large
 in the palace of our nation.
 What is to be done fot Chaplin, must be
 done quickly. A generous contribution, and
 a more generous subscription were made by
 the members of the Convention just closed.
 And a large Committee were appointed to
 hasten with this appeal to alf tint good and
 true, and urge yon to respond at ©nee to this
 demand upon your purses. Give freely.
 Give without delay. Measure your contribu
 tions by your abilities, and both the amount
 and the readiness of your gifts by the GolJen
 Rule—that there may be nothing wanting to
 show the respect that is due to our brother,
 and to defend him triumphantly against all
 legal and illegal tyranny.
 The following well known men, are the
 Chaplin Fund Committee, by appointment
 of the Cazenovia Convention:—
 James C. Jackson, of Scott, Cortland
 County, N. Y.; Joseph C Hathaway, of
 Farmington, Ontario County, N. Y., Fred
 erick Douglass and George W. Clark, of
 Rochester; Charles A. Wheaton and Samuel
 J. May, of Syracuse; George Lawson, of
 Oriskany, Oneida County, N. Y.; William
 R. Smith, of Macedon, Wayne County; G.
 W. Johnson, of Buffalo; Cyrus P. Grosvenor,
 of McGrawville, N. Y.; William Hamed.
 16 John St., New York City; Joshua R.
 Giddings, Ashtabula, Ohio; S. P. Chase, of
 Cincinnati, Ohio; George W. Julian, of Indi
 ana; Charles Durkee, Southport, Wisconsin;
 James H. Collins, Chicago. Illinois; Charles
 C. Foote, Commerce, Oakland County,
 Michigan; Francies Jackson, Boston; John
 G. Whittier, Amesburg, Mass.; Silas Cor
 nell and Thomas Davis, Providence, R. I;
 Julius F. Lemoyne, of Washington, Penn.;
 E. M. Davis and C. D. Cleveland, of Phila
 delphia; Samuel Fessenden, of Portland,
 Maine; Rowland T. Robinson, Ferrisburgh,
 Vi.; Ednah D. Thomas,* Aurora, Cayuga
 Co., N. Y.; Rev. John Todd, D. D., Pitts
 field, Mass.
 To either of these persons, you may com
 mit your donations or subscriptions of money,
 and they will account for them to the Trea
 surer of this Fund.' Through either of these
 persons, also, you may transmit directly to
 our beloved Chaplin, any tokens of your re
 gard.
 James C. Jackson is the Chairman of this
 Chaplin Fund Committee; Charles A. Whea
 ton and Samuel J. May, of Syiacuse, are the
 Secretaries; Gerrit Smith is the Treasurer;
 and to them, in connection with their col
 leagues named above, the Conveution have
 seen fit to entrust the management of the de
 fence of Chaplin, and the expenditure of the
 funds that shall be committed lo them fot that
 purpose, of all which a full report will be giv
 en in due season.
 JAMES JACKSON, Chairman.
 Charles A. Wheaton, )s.
 Samuel J May. JSecretar.es.
 O’Connell and the Reporters.—Anxi
 ous as he was to be reported in England,
 there were occasions whenO’Connell preferred
 that what he said should not be printed there.
 Of this an amusing anecdote has been given.
 O'Connell was on a visit to Ireland, and in
 dulging in long speeches of a most “combus
 tible character,” when the government
 thought fit to send over some short hand wri
 ters to take down the harangues. “The first
 appeatance of the Government reporters was
 at a meeting at Kanturk. The gentlemen
 were Englishmen,” says ‘he story, “and be
 longing to Mr. Gurney’s reporting siaff
 They came on the platform, and introduced
 themselves to Mr. O’Connell. He shook them
 by the hands, and said to those around thein f
 “Nothing can be done here until these gen
 tlemen are afforded every requisite accomjda
 tion.” This was at once provided, and hav
 ing assured Mr. O’Connell that they were
 “perfectly ready,” and well provided for, he
 came forward to address the people, and com
 menced his speech, to the great dismay of the
 Englishmen, in the Irish language. Having
 explained to the assembly who they were and
 how he humbugged them, he continued in the
 same language to address to the meeting
 everything he wished to convey to them: the
 people laughing all the while at the English
 reporters, whilh they joined very good hu
 moredly in the laugh raised against them
 selves.”
 Russia and its Emperor.—This year, it
 is said, the Emperot Nicholas will either
 resign the crown or perish. Such a predic
 tion, so positively asserted, might savor of
 childishness if uttered in the garb of prophecy,
 but those who are familiar with the secret
 history of Russia know well that beyond the
 period' of 25 years no Emperor is allowed
 to reign in that land. There is, or at least
 has been hitherto, a power behind the throne
 which none of the soveieigns have been able
 to resist or evade.—The dreaded family of
 the Orlofts are the hereditary ministers of that
 power. The unenviable distinction is theirs
 to be by prescriptive right the agents special
 ly employed. Alexander occupied the throne
 for the restricted period —he failed to resign
 and perished. Diebitchz fell into disgrace.
 One of the Oroloffs appeared in |he camp.
 Soon **fter the Genets] was reported dead..
 OrJoff remained. Who next, was the ques
 tion in met’a mouths. Duke Constantine
 died suddenly. Orloffstill remained, and only
 departed when the Duchess was announced
 as having suddenly died. The maxims of
 state policy which animate the ancient nobles
 of the Empire, impose upon Nicholas s duty
 he dare not despise—that duty is to resign or
 accept his fate. A few months will confirms
 prediction not thoughtlessly uttered.— N. Y.
 Who is Old!—A wise man w ill never rust
 out. As long as be can move and breath, be
 will be doing something for himself, his
 neighbors, or for posterity. Almost to the
 hist hour of his life Washington was at work.
 So were Franklin, and Young, and Howard,
 and Newton. The vigor of their lives never
 decayed. No rust marred their spirits. It is
 s foolish idea to suppose we must lie down
 and die because we are old. Who ia old 1
 Not the man of energy; not the day-laborer
 science, art, or benevolenoe; but he only
 who suffers bis eneigiea to waste away, and
 the springs of life to beoome motionless; on
 whose hands the hours drag heavily, and to
 whom all things wear the garb of gloom. I*
 he old? should not be put; but, is he active*
 —can he breathe freely and move with agility*
 There are score* of grey-headed men wo
 should prefer, in any important enterprise, to
 those young gentlemen who fear and tremble
 at approaching shadows, and turn pnle at a|
 lion in their path, at a harsh word or a
 trims.
 The Pseha of Egypt ia taid to intend hav
 mg an iron yacht, of 800 horse power, built in
 Eoglaau, for bis own special use.
THE NORTH STAR.
ROCHESTER, SEPTEMBER 5, 1850.
The North Star is sometime* sent to friend*
 who do not take the paper, in the hope that they
 may see fit to subscribe for it. Subscription* aad
 donation* for the same any he safely enclosed, ad
 dressed to Frederick Douglass, Rochester,
 N.r.
 {^Wanted —Several Travelling Agents,
 to procure subscribers for the North Star. A
 liberal commission will be given. None need apply
 b«t such as can bring good recommendations for
 industry, accuracy and honesty. Apply to Fred
 erick Douglass, Rochester, N. Y.
 To our Subscribers. —ln several contem
 porary anti-slavery journals, we have recently
 seen a notice to “subscribers.” We shall
 take the hint thus afforded us, and request all
 subscribers in ai rears tor this paper to favor
 us by remitting the amounts due, through the
 post. Let each friend of the cause exert
 himself to increase the circulation of our pa
 per by obtaining one new subscriber.
 Our English friends who have not paid
 their subscriptions to the North Sfar, for the
 year 1850, ere requested to forward them, toy
 son, 5, Suramerhill Grove,
 Tyne.—r. d.
 Cazenovia Convention again.
 The arrival of the hour tor the departgefi
 of the mail ft ora Peterboro to Rochester,
 found us only at the beginning of our tajj|||
 giving an account of the Caaenovia Conven
 tion. We shall now continue that letter,
 though you have the official proceedings |f
 that Convention spread before you in tfcflj
 Dumber of the North Star. If We can am
 nothing in detail, I may, perhaps give ii
 illustration of its doings, and rhus help
 swell the influence of one of the most in*
 portant and remarkable demonstrations ever
 made in this country.
 It will be seen by the resolutions and ad
 dresses, that the Convention assumed the
 highest ground known as the basis of its
 action. The rights of the slave, the wicked
 ness of the slaveholder, and the duty of tbs
 abolitionist, were viewed from a standard
 point, above all the complicated arrangements
 of men calling themselves nations. The
 SLAVE WAS HERE REGARDED AS A MAN He
 i was looked upon bv all who spoke,as a man,
 and nothing less than a man His humanity
 and not (he inhuman laws that brand him a*
 a slave, was regarded as the criterion of om
 relations and duties towards him. In this
 point, the Convention was unanimous. The
 laws of slavery were esteemed bat the in
 fernal edicts of pirates—the religion of slave
 holders was held to be a horrid and revolting
 blasphemy against the majesty of Heaven,
 and a moral war was declared against the
 law and the religion thus specified.
 These views were brought out especially
 in reference to the case of Wm. L. Chaplin,
 now in prison in the capital of this false and
 shameleas Republic, on a charge 01 having
 attempted to assist two men m their perilous
 flight from slavery to freedom. In respect to
 the rig hi fulness of rendering such assistance
 as that ohatged against Mr. Chi pi in, there
 was, we think, but one opinion. He was not
 hound to respect the villanous enactments of
 pirates and sconudrels. The passengers in
 Mr. Chaplin’s wagon were men and having
 committed «o crime, were free men, and as
 fully entitled to their freedom as either the
 honorable Mr. Toombs or the honorable Mr.
 Stephens. He who denies this is either in
 head a fool or in heart a knave and he who
 tlfiirus it, affirms, at the same time, not only
 me innocence, but the heroism and Christian
 spirit of Mr. Chaplin.
 The gtound was distinctly taken in the
 Convention, that slave laws should be held
 in perfect contempt; that it is the doty of the
 slave to escape when he can; and that it is
 equally the duty of every freeman to help the
 slave in his flight to freedom when he can.—
 For our part, We rejoice in every successful
 escape from slavery; not more because it
 leaves one less to be redeemed from bondage,
 and is one more added to the ranks of free
 dom, but because it serves to weaken the
 whole system of slavety, by rendering slave
 property insecute. Then, 100, we rejoice
 equally when the inhuman laws of slavety
 are boldly violated, since one such example is
 worth many precepts, in bringing such laws
 into the contempt in which they ought to be
 held. This nation must be taught that theif
 unnatural and jr.godly enactments will be
 regarded by the true and the good as of no
 binding force, and as only worth; to be tram
 pled in tha dust. When Congress shall enact
 the heaven-daring and humanity-insulting bill
 now pending, making it criminal to obey God
 in the matter of taking in the stranger, and
 in deliveriog the spoiled out of the hand of
 the spoiler, may there arise in the land ten
 thousand Chaplins, who shall prefer dsath to
 such a law.
 But there is nothing, we apprehend, in the
 whole ptoceediogs of the Caxenovia Conven
 tion which wit] attract more universal atten
 tion, or which will be more universally con
 demned by a corrupt and slavery-bound press,
 than the able address emanating from the
 fugitive slaves in attendance, and addressed
 to tbeir enslaved brothers and sisters at the
 South. That addiesa will cause a howl to
 go up from all the bloodhounds of our land.
 It will be denounced as immoisl, cruel and
 monstrous. And yet what does the address
 inculcate that would not be done with all
 freedom by any enslaved white man, and
 which would not be looked upon as creditable
 os his part to do by every white man in this
 country! Nothing, absolutely nothin?. The
 escaping, slave h told to escape from his bond
 age, and take possession of sny and every
 thing belonging to bis master which he may
 need for his journey. This we deem to be
 highly proper, and just what any American
 citizen would be fully justified m doing wore
 be reduced to slavery under sny form of gov
 ernment. The slaveholders of this country
 have no lights. They have forfeited their
 rights by trampling upon the rights of oth
 ers. Rubbers ami murderets have no right
 to that which they plunder, and possessing
 nothing which they have not sides, all that
 they have rightfully belongs to the whole
 number of slaves.
 The address, however, speaks for itself.
 Let that portion of the press which condemns
 it, publish it if they dare. Thsy will find
 that its senuroenu will have a lodgment in
 the hearts of their reader*, and that ail the
sophistry whj§Nlpaorg may abed from their
 perverted be unable to break
 through the if tanked logic of that address.
 The Free BMece question came up during
 the last ifleitti of the Convention, and wa»
 very ably dSmed by Gerrlt Smith, Mr.
 May, Mr. lifefllilteld, and Mr. Prye. Mr.
 Smith is an 4p«iner,aod spoke with earnest
 ness ie favor of the resolution recommending
 abstinence frost slave produce.
 Our sheet is nearly full, and we conclude
 theae remark*4y recommending to our read
 ers the reporj of the Convention as published
 in snother pagf of this number of the NaUb
 Stir.— r. o.
 Letter No. 11.
 Mr ntan Jlaa. Howrrr.—l hive had the
 pleasure, daring the list few days, of recre
 ating among the hills of Peterboro, and of
 enjoying hospitality of the noble Genii
 Smith, of vtyoin I made mention in my last
 week’s letter,
 I you, and many other of
 luh friends, to be with
 of the American John
 the sound of his
 across the wide Allan
 sof disinterested good
 ilmott unparalleled geri
 le ny myself the gratifi
 estimony to the charac
 led, large-hearted and
 in of princely fortune,
 rich he devotee to pur
 and to the advancement
 dom. Selfishness and
 iknown to him. He ia
 ole human family, and
 ra of oppression and
 tes all the virtue and
 of an uncompromising
 e he entertains decidec
 course of action to br
 jnnected with the anti
 is so catholic in spirit
 1 fellowships ail whon
 jre in their advocacy o
 reat benefactor to iht
 ed people of this ooun
 n the last few years
 of them forty acres o
 ie, his heart, and hii
 sd to them and ever]
 id injured son of A fries
 r kind and sympathizing
 owever, ate not limitet
 e. He has bestowed
 n months, fifty thousand
 money, on poor whit*
 ot imagine, dear Mrs.
 an is esteemed, loved
 venerated, and even idolized
 Although he has long been known as tk
 great man of Peterbnto, he lives in a sraal
 white cottage, situated about a mile from the
 village. 1 cannot even designate his dwelling
 s cottage ornte. Simplicity is its chief char
 acteristic, as it is of nil the anangementi
 connected with his itul| hospitable home.
 His own beautiful spirit seems to me dif
 fused throughout the Members of his house
 hold. Love pervades each look, and ward
 and action. It is indeed a privilege fomingh
 with this happy Christian family fora brie
 season. Among the guests here assembled
 is our mutual triend, Frederick Douglass. Si
 you will easily picture what a good time
 (to use a Yankeeism) we are having! am
 with what animation conversation issustained
 Yesterday, an Anti-Slavery Convenlior
 was held at Peterboro. The morning’s meet
 ing was convened in the Baptist Church. I
 was numerously attended. After the prelim
 inary exercise* of prayer, praise, and reading
 the scriptures, F. Douglass addressed the
 assembly for an hour and a half, in his own
 peculiarly earnest, eloquent, and felicitoui
 manner. The afternoon's gathering tool
 place in a fine grove, adjacent to “/Ac oli
 home of Gerrit Smith, in Peterboro. Thi
 time—the place—the circumstances combiner
 to render the occasion one of deep interest.—
 The speaker was himself powerfully im
 pressed, and his words came home witf
 double power to the hearts of his hearers.—
 Verily, “»l was good to be there."
 Before this reaches you, you will have seer
 the full account of the proceedings of the
 Cazenovia Convention; ao there is the lest
 occasion for my adding much to the slight anc
 imperfect sketch 1 lately sent you.
 I will, however, just aav that the meeting:
 held there on the second day, were convenec
 in. a beautiful orchard, and were numerous]]
 attended. The speaking was, for the mosi
 part, good. Considerable reference was madr
 to the case of Mr. Chaplin. A Committee
 was formed, whose duty it should be to take
 measures for using every available instru
 mentality to promote his liberation. Thh
 Committee haa decided to test the feeling*
 of the Northern States, by going out and
 striving to raise twenty .thousand dollars fot
 defending Mr. Chaplin. Some among them
 hope—some fear but all are stimulated tt
 active exertion.
 Iu my former letter, I made reference to tht
 Edmonson giila. They are warmly attached
 to Mr. Chaplin; and coute qui coule, one ol
 them was resolved to say a few words at the
 Convention on the subject of his arrest and
 imprisonment. Your eyes and heart, deal
 Mrs. Howilt, would have overflowed, could
 you have heard and seen that young and noble
 hearted girl appeal, in words of simple tnd
 touching eloquence, m behalf of her dear
 friend, now lying in prison, for performing ao
 act of humanity to bis brother man.
 The excitement, however, did not reach its
 height, until F. Douglass arose and appeal
 ing, (as it were over the heads of theF.dnton
 son girls,) he called upon the men and
 women ol Cazenovia to awake, arise,”
 and do their duty to thems* Ives—to their
 brother man sad to their G &gt;d. It was s
 moment of thrilling interest, and will long be
 remembered by many who witnessed the
 scene.
 1 must say adieu. We are oo the eve of
 leaving Peterboro for Syracuse. Tomorrow
 there is to be a 4&lt; Chaplia meeting” there.
 1 treat that the liberal portion of our British
 press will do as they are wont to do—come
 out boldly and fearlessly ie defence of the
 right,” end consequently in defence of Mr.
 Chaplin. ,y*'
 Nothing ean evidence to tlie world more
 clearly the hollow hypocrisy and mockery of
 this false Republic, than the mearoermtioo oi
 (he noble man abort mentioned.
Dwylon, Sayre*, and Hams aie still kept
 in jail on ike chaige of aiding slaves to es
 cape. They ate retained by the very men
 who rail against the tynmoy of Austria, and
 who stretch out their arms to receive the
 Hungarian fugitives therefrom yeti believe
 it would be quite as easy to escape from the
 dungeons of the Imperial fortress of Austrian
 Spielberg, as from the Republican slave prisons
 at Washington.
 Ever sincerely yours,
 JULIA GRIFFITHS.
 Glen Haven Watsk Cure, i
 Aug. 85, 1850. S
 To the Friends of Freedom. —Doubtless
 your-hearts are, as is my heart, stricken
 with great sorrow at the arrest and imprison
 ment of William L. Chaplin, the true-hearted
 friend of the enslaved, the ripe scholar, the
 Christian gentleman, the noble, highly accom
 plished man. That he should this day be in
 a southern prison, is quite as much our fault
 as bis; for bad our duty been done, had none
 of us even wavered or faltered, had our vir
 tue been proof against all temptation, and
 our faith in God been unshaken* and out work
 correspondent to faith, nu slave would
 this day have worth his cfc»jAs, not Chaplin,
 Drayton and Sayres been lying in jail at Wash
 ington City. The rtition would have been
 well-nigh free from this cuise of curses by
 this time. O! the fault is at our door and not
 at hia. What has he done that he should lie
 in jail Has he stolen the property of anoth
 er Has he assaulted the person of any oi
 the citizens of the District Does his life
 mark him as a man who lives by rapine and
 bloodshed No 1 What then is the matter 1
 He has lived out the principles of the Declar
 ation of Independence, he has honored Jesu*
 Christ by honoring his poor oppressed brother.
 He has violated ihe law of slavery, which u
 glorifying the law of freedom. He has done
 what cotoards call a rash thing, what prudent
 men call a foolish thing, what pro-slavery
 men and slaveholders call a wicked thing,
 but what God and honest men approve, ao&lt;j
 love and cherish him all the more for hav
 ing done. Let no man who wishes bis chib
 dren never to wear chains, who desires th.i
 government to be saved from destruction and
 general execration, who loves law and ordei
 instead of anarchy and weltering chaos, uuei
 a word of reproach against W. L. Chaplin.
 What in God’s name should he have done!
 Turn traitor make of himself an apostate,
 let hia own soul die within him for want ol
 the sustaining power which deeds of mercy
 always give? Never! If he comes foitli
 from that prison only to be buried, let none
 of his friends or the friends of the slave think
 such thoughts. Is it needful to tell you, that
 a roan who lives at Washington necessarily
 aids slaves to escape, if he remains true to him
 self! Dues he develope in his daily life the
 truths of the Gospel and of Liberty Wbat
 does be but quicken m the slave a desire foi
 freedom Does he make manifest bis regard
 for liberty and his detestation of slavery in
 his conversation with whites? What does this
 all amount to, but to impress on them the
 image of himself, which is reflected on the
 slave What is the true man to do with the
 spiritual influences which emanate from him,
 and which bolt and bar cannot confine?
 These settle on the slave's biow like a halo
 of inspiration, and silently stimulate him to
 efforts for his freedom. Let the preacher of
 cautiousness go to Washington and do belter
 than has Mr. Chaplin if be can. It is so easy
 for the heartless to And fault. Faull-ffatftftg,
 from time immemorial, has been a capital
 easily acquired and a like easily invested. One
 thing is true. If to give innocent men their
 freedom which is unjustly withheld from them
 is a ctime, then W. L. Chaplin is criminal
 in his late attempt. If not, he is not criminal.
 The law of slavery makes it an offence; but
 can slavery make a law which all should not
 disobey Slavery is violence, slavery is lust
 made practical, slavery is theft, slavery is
 murder, slaveiy is lying of the most atrocious
 character, slavery is defiance of all law such
 as Heaven provides for the government of
 men. There is nothing mean, nothing
 lothsome, nothing detestable that is not legii
 timate to slavery. It whips women, murders
 men, kills children. It breeds ignorance,
 begets idle men, creates poverty, establishes
 caste. It makes distinctions where I rod has
 forbiddon them, destroys distinctions where
 Nature has set them up. It rears its super
 structure inversely to all the fundamental
 principles on which Divine Wisdom builds,
 and is not, nor can it be other than the most
 stupendous fraud, the sum of all villanies.
 Would you have a man deliberately seat
 himself and see this Python wrap hia enor
 mous folds around his fellowß, crushing bone,
 sinew, and muscle to a jelly, and not make a
 bold stroke for their deliverance? Shame on
 you if you would! What if he has not been
 successful in hia effort* Must a man always
 be insured success before he is at liberty to
 act? Is he any the less to beJbved,who, act
 ing with the calmness and deliberateness
 which stamp all the conduct of W. L. Chap
 lin, ventures to act rightly against great odds*
 Then Jesus and the apostles, the early’Chris
 tians, and ihe old heroes of 76, and Garrison,
 and Phillipps, sod Smith# and many of you,
 are aa open to condemnation as Chaplin. No
 man has acted more wisely in this enterprise
 than this great man, no man has struck migh
 tier blows, not even Wo. Lloyd Garrison,
 whose hand has for the last twenty years
 rained blowa like a storm of hail on the helm
 stead of slavery till it reels and staggers like a
 street drunkard, can easily bear off the palm.
 For the man who, knowing hia jeopardy and
 for pure love of the enslaved and down-trod
 den, makes bis mind up to the performance of
 hia duty though it send him to prison and to
 death, is lie not a here whose crown is of
 the richest kind? Hear hia first w ords from
 his prison, while as yet no eye bad looked
 on him but such aa flashed ont hate and ven
 geance. How calmly and nobly he bears
 himself. What glorious words these, to come
 from bis pen while in bis cell.’ After an
 nouncing his capture, he aays: The news
 paper accounts are exaggerated, of course.
 In a day or two they will get corrected,
 You know me, and know Chat 1 would do noth
 ing, except from the deepest conviction* of
 imperative duty. Let kk ente eat too to
 CKEAiea, ENTIRE AND CHEERFUL CONFIDENCE
 in God. He reigns and dispel these
 CLOUD, UNCERTAINTIES. LIOHT SHALL SHINE
 OUT OF OBSCURITY AND INTEGRITY WUJU ST
 VINDICATED. GJorioua. m»mi muittul CLiia-j
 ian! noble representative of freedom! Ifoera 1
 shall be a prophecy that shall have speedy
fulfillment, if the spirit of liberty sod justice
 among the abolitionists and in oar eoart of
 law has not otterly peftshed. Come, then,
 men, women, and chtldien! Come Whig,
 come Democrat, come all, without reference
 to sect, mx,or party, eome to this noble man's
 defence and deliverance, open yovt purees
 and pour out your money. He ia the imper
 sonation ot this Cause, its moat prominent
 representative. In him, Slavery strike** at all
 of us. In him it maddens our cause. At the
 Caxenovia Convention a Committee of twen
 ty-live was chosen, consisting of prominent
 men over the Free States.
 James C. Jackson, of Glen Haven Water
 Cure in Chairman; Samuel J. May and
 Charles A. Wheaton, of Syracuse, Secreta
 ries; Get rit Smith, of Peterboro, Treasurer.
 Persona are appointed to visit different
 sections of the Free States, and collect the
 sura of $30,000, to protect bim. This
 money must be had in thirty days. Will yon
 not bestow your silver? Oh, you v. ill I know,
 or freedom is but a name and your love for it
 a shadow. Small sums, and when the sums
 ate large certificates of deposit may be trans
 mitted either to Germ Smith, Peterboro, or
 to James C. Jackson, Samuel J. May, or
 Clarke A. Wheaton, Syracuse, N. Y.
 Papers friendly to Chaplin and Liberty
 throughout the free States are requested to
 publish the fact of the appointment uf a Com
 mittee with the name of it, officers, to whom
 (a n directed above,) all moneys may be sent.
 Respectfully
 Your Fellow Citizen,
 JAMES C. JACKSON.
Convention of Slave* at Caxenovia.
 We stop the press, to ssy, that this was t
 glorious Convention. The position taken h;
 the slaves and by the great Convention i;
 “liberty or revolution.”
 The President of the Convention was Fred
 flick Dcugiaas, and he presided well. Th«
 Convention agreed to raise $20,000 for th&lt;
 case of the noble Chaplin, and recommende;
 him to the National Convention at Oswego a:
 the Liberty Party candidate for the Presi
 dency.
 Mr. Joseph C. Hathaway, who on learn
 "ingof the outrage upon Mr. Chaplin, instant
 ly.#epaired to Washington to see him, re
 ported that he found him in the prison badl 1
 wounded. Hts head was gashed to the skull
 and his body badly bruised. He was on thi
 recovery and was comfortable. Chaplin de
 nies ’.hat he shot, or thst he had arms at all
 S*:d that upon finding his wheels blocked
 he struck his horse and turned his head t;
 the wheel and was struck with bludgeon
 and knocked off from his seat, —the blov
 made the wound on his head, and he is nov
 recovering from his injuries. The first notin
 of the assault upon him was the blocking o
 the wheels, and an unearthly noise near him
 which he supposed was done by high-way
 men. He did not suppose he was arrestei
 for aiding slave*, until he heard the voice o
 Mr. Goddard, tne policeman, which he knew
 —He said the blow on his head must hav&lt;
 killed him but for his hat. ,On his recover;
 from it, he found himself on his back upon
 the giound. with two or three ruffians upoi
 him, some with their knees upon his breast
 and some upon his side, brandisbiog bowii
 knives and hatchets, and swearing they wool*
 lake his life. Hearing the voice of Goddard
 he asked him to save his life, which he did
 He had no doubt he would have been mur
 dered by them, had not Mr. Goddaid inter
 posed to save him.
 Mr. Chaplin was suipriaed’at seeing Mr
 Hathaway, but he presented himself to him
 the same serene, dignified, cheerful, loving
 btave and gentlemanly man, that he ever was
 in his intercourse with the world.
 Mr. Hathaway called on Gov. Sewan
 upon his arrival, but Gov. Seward had re
 turned to New York. He then called or
 Hon. S. P. Chase of Ohio. Mr. Chase gav&lt;
 him special attention and readily served him
 in behalf of Gen. Chaplin. He gave him t
 letter to the Marshal, and the Marshal gavt
 him an order to the keeper to admit him, am
 expressed himself kindly and respectfully it
 regard to his prisoner. The jailer seetnec
 very much attached to him. The food iba
 is sent Chaplin, he distributes to the othei
 prisoners, and orders his own food, wich is
 regularly cooked tor him by a colored woman
 at the price of three dollars a week. Mr
 Hathaway, and his friend, spent the whoh
 of Sunday with Chaplin in the prison, am
 it was the happiest Sabbath he ever spent
 The hall in which they were, lays in front o
 the cells in which the prisoners sre confined
 He has to return to his cell at five o’clock
 every evening, and continue therein unti
 eight o’clock the next morning. He wat
 evidently regarded by those in charge of him
 as well as by the citizens of the District as s
 royal prisoner.
 Gen. Chaplin spoke of his friends in New
 York, in terms of the highest affection. lit
 mentioned scores of them by name, and or
 being told that they would exert their utmosi
 in his behalf, replied, it was just like them
 he knew they would.
 We can give no more »f this Convention.
 The doings will all be published next week:
 and in the meantime, our friends may be pro
 paring to read the most spirited, brave, anc
 radical declarations they have ever read
 The sentiment that runs through the whole,
 is, “Liberty or Revolution.” When Mr.
 Hathaway returned to the cars, he was at
 tended by the Hon. Mr. Chase, Giddings,
 Julian, Hale, Durkee, it c., and every mani
 festation was evinced to make his stay ageee
 able, and his object prosperous.
 Hon. Mr. Stephens did not give his slave
 his freedom, as reported. He sold him while
 upon the leg, and that was a means of setting
 the police on Chaplin.— It. P. Piper.
 An Exciting Slave Case. —On Thursday
 afternoon, the Monongahela House was
 thrown into a most terrible confusion by Mr.
 John Drennan of Van fiuren, Arkansas, who
 announced the startling fact that a female
 slave, about fourteen years of age had dis
 appeared while he and bis lady were at din
 ner. As was very natural in such a case, he
 became vexed and angry, and had some sharp
 words with the proptietor. It is scarcely ne
 cessary to add that he neither gained not lost
 by this, as Mr. Crosaraan does not suffer
 himself to be guided by any other feeling
 than his sense of duty. A servant who wa*
 strongly suspected of being in the affitir was
 promptly discharged.
 The girl is fairer than a mulatto, and is
 said to have Indian blood in her veins. The
 time chosen for her escape was, ss stated
 above, the dinner hour. She sent her friends
 whoevrr they were, np stairs for her bsggsge,
 but a trunk 'in-longing to the master was ta
 ken, by mistake. Mr. Drennan went to of
 ficer Hague and offered him a reward for the
 recovery of the fugitive and the trunk. Mr.
 Hague said he thought he could get the
 trunk, but he feared the girl was beyond his
 reach. He was right in both points of his
 answer. He did recover his trunk, but the
 slave has not been heard of Moea.-PitUburgh
 Journal.
 Washington, Aug. 86.
 Some runaway slsves fiom Virginia, who
 pasted here for free for a long tune, were
 captured and restored to then owners this
 evening.
 Aug. 87. The negro who wasairgited
 oino excitement; citizens who have employed
 limdming^befcat*^2
 SpuraTteW to havetamoiadnil^i;.
CaseMTift Ctaveittei.
 The meeting of fugitives from Slavenr and
 iheir friends held in CsMoexia, New York,
 31* sod 33d day of August, iB6O, oommaosd
 by appointing Samuel J. May, as temporary
 Chairman, and Samuel Thomas, J»., as tam
 porory Secretary.
 Samuel Wells, J. W. Logoen, Charles
 B. Ray were appointed a Committee to eeat
 nets officers for the Convention.
 Germ Smith, Ms, y Spnngatesd, James
 Baker, Fordyce Riee, Caroline Brown were
 appointed the Business Committee.
 The following resolution, oflered bv James
 C. Jackson, was adopted.
 “Whereas William L. Chaplin is, contrary
 to the laws of God and man, suffering im
 prisonment; and whereas the litigation, and
 various measure#, which, we trust will result
 in his liberation, and in the establishment of
 righteous principles, will require the expendi
 ture of large sums of money: Resolved,
 therefore, that this Convention proceed to
 appoint a Committee, to be entitled “The
 Chaplm Committee,” whose business it shall
 be 10 adopt such measures, as they shall
 judge fit to effect bis liberation, and pee
 cnoie the cause of law and justice; and that,
 for the purpose of supplying ’hemselves with
 means for accomplishing these objects, we
 advise them to raise, within thirty days, twen
 ty thousand dollars.”
 The following persons were appointed to
 nominate a “Chaplin Committee/' Joseph
 C. Hathhway, William R. Smith, Elia
 Smith, Eleaaer Seymour, James C. Jackson.
 Mm. F. Rice, Phebe Hathaway, and
 Louisa Burnell were appointed to nominate a
 committee of females, w hose duly it sould be
 to obtain by contributions of teo cents each
 sufficient means to purebas a silver pitcher
 and a pair of silver goblets and a gold medal
 with appropriate inscriptions thereon—to ob
 tain the same, and to present them to William
 L. Chaplin, as a testimonial of the high regatd
 of the friends of th 6 slave for his distinguish
 ed services in the cause of humanity. (The
 names of the persona composing this Commit
 tee will appear in our next.)
 The following persons, being Dominated for
 the officers of the Convention, were ap
 pointed.
 Frederick Douglass, President.
 Joseph C. Hathaway, Francis Hawley,
 Chas. B. Ray, Chas. A. Wheaton, Vice
 Presidents.
 Charles D. Miller, and Anne V. Adams,
 Secretarys.
 Letieis from S. R. Ward, Wm. Goodell,
 and Wm. H. Burleigh were read.
 On motion of Mr. Loguen, a Committee
 were appointed to report an address or ad
 dresses from the fugitive slaves. This Com
 mittee consisted of J. W. Loguen, Janies
 Baker and E. L. Platt.
 Joseph C. Hathaway gave a deeply in
 teresting account of his and Miss Theodosia
 Gilbert’s late interview with Mr. Chaplin in
 the jail of the city of Washington. Mr,
 Chaplin was not armed, and had no suspicion,
 that the persons in his carriage were armed.
 Mr. Loguen reported two addresses from
 the fugitive slaves—one to the slaves, and the
 other to the Libeity Party. After an ex
 tended discussion upon the former, they were
 both adopted.
 The following persona, lteing nominated,
 were appointed to constitute the Chaplin com
 mittee: James C. Jacksor, Joseph C. Hatha
 way, Samuel J. May. Charles A. Wheaton,
 [G. W. Clark, Wm. R. Smith, George W.
 Lawson,Cyrus P. Grosvenor, G. W. Johnson
 JofN. Y.; Francis Jackson, John G. Whittier
 |of Mass.; Silts Cornell, Thomas Davis of
 j R. I.; C. D. Cleveland, E M. Davis of Pa.;
 (C. C. Foote of Mich.; Hon. J. R. Giddinga
 Jof Ohio; Hon. G. W. Julian la.; Hon. O.
 Durkec, Wia.
 The series of 17 resolutions, reported by
 i Gerrit Smith as Chairman of the Business
 Committee were after much discussion
 adopted.
 A contribution was then called for to meet
 the expenses incurred m visiting Mr. Chaplin,
 iind in oilier inatere connected with his case.
 The sum of $l6B 79-100 was raised in an
 swer to this call.
 Vote of thanks to Mrs. Wilson tor the use
 of her gtove.
 Each session of the Convention was epeoed
 with prayer: and Geoige W. Clark and the
 Edmonson sisteis, who were once in slavery,
 j favored the Convention with occasional songs.
 Convention adjourned.
 A Letter to the American Slaves front
 those who have fled from American
 Slavery.
 Afflicted and beloved Brothcrs:—The
 meeting, which sends you this letter, is a
 meeting of runaway slaves, We thought it
 well, that they, who had once suffered, as
 you still suffer, lhat they, who had once
 drank of that bitterest of all hitter cops,
 which you are at II compelled to drink of,
 should come together for the purpose of
 making a communication to you.
 The chief object of this meeting is, to tell
 you what circumstances we find ourselves in
 —that, so, you may be able to judge for your
 selves, whether the prize we have obtained is
 worth the peril of the attempt to obtain it.
 The heartless pirates, who compelled us to
 call ihem “master,” sought to pereuadfe us,
 as such pirates seek to persuade yoo, that the
 condition of those, who escape from their
 clutches, is thereby made worse, instead ot
 better. We confess, that we had our fears,
 that this might be so. Indeed, so great was
 our jgnorance, that we could not be sore, that
 the abolitionists were not the friends, which
 our masters represented them to be. When
 they told us, that the abolitionists, could they
 lay hands upon us, would buy and sell us,
 we could not certainly know, that they spoke
 falsely; and when they told ua, that abolition
 ists are in the habit ot skinning the black
 man for leather, and of regalling their can
 nibalism on bis, flesh, even such enormities
 seemed to os to be possible. But owing to
 the happy change in our circumstances, we
 are not as ignorant and ctedulous now, as we
 once were; and if we did not know it before,
 we Know it now, that slaveholders are aa
 great liars, aa they are great tyrants.
 The abolitionists act the part of friends
 and brothers to ns; and our only complaint
 against them is, that there rae so few of them.
 The abolitionists, on whom it is safe to rely,
 are, almost all of them, members of the
 American Anti-Slavery Society, or of the
 Liberty Party. There are other abolitionists:
 but most of them are grossly inconsistent;
 and, hence, not entirely trustworthy abolition
 ists. So inconsistent are they, as ttf vote for
 anti-abolitionista for civil rulers, and to ac
 knowledge the obligation of (laws, which
 they themselves interpret to be pro-slavery.
 We get wages for our labor. We have
 schools for our children. We hsveopponuni
 ties to hear and to learn to read the Bible—
 that blessed book, which all fot freedom,
 notwithstandieg the lying slaveholders says
 it» all for slavery. Some of ua take pert in
 the election of civil rulers, ludeed, bet for
 the priests sod politicians, ibe influence ot
 most of whom is against ns, our condition
 would be every way eligible. The priests
 and churches of the North, are, with com
 paratively few exceptions, in league with the
 priests and churches of the South; end this,
 of itself, ia sufficient to account for the fact,
 that a caste-religion and a negro-pew are
 found at the North, as well aa at the South.
 The politicians and political parties of the
 North are connected with the politicians and
 political partiea ot the South; and hence,
 the political arrangements and interests of the
 North, as well as its ecclesiastical arrange
 ments and interests, are adverse to the color
 ed population. But, we rejoice to know, tbs*
 all this political and accluf jitmfep* f**I”** 1 ou
 ike wan** Tka irfr American
 democracy has be
 fome glaring; and, every year, multitudes,
 roce Eluded b, them, come to repudiate
 them. The credit of this repudiation is dee,
 in a great measure, to the American Anti
 ilayery Society, to the Liberty Party, and to
 tllFMf jssMof nn fUa tMloarl
 JUTCOI MM VU fMUI 0 Inc lifll Ul| UmCN v|
"
