"one with, Christianity. It daaervjM not to b&lt;
 trussed with a deep and honest and earnest re
 form. The temptations, which beset th&lt;
 pathway of each a reform, are too might 3
 for it to resist. Instead of going forward foi
 God, it will slant off fiir itself. Heaven grant
 that, soon, not a shred of sectarianism, nor 1
 shred of the current religion, nor a ahied o
 the current politics of this land, may remain
 Then will follow, ay, that will itself be, the
 triumph of ebriatiaaity: and, then, white men
 will love black men, and gladly acknowledge
 that all men have equal righta. Come, blessed
 day—come quickly.
 Including our children, we number in
 Canada, at least, twenty thousand. The total
 of our population in the free States far ex
 ceeds this. Nevertheless, srs we are poor,
 we can do little more to promote your de
 liverance than pray for it to the God of the
 oppressed. We will do whit we can to sup
 ply you with pocket compasses. In dark
 nights, when his good guiding star i* hidden
 from the flying slave, a pocket compass great
 ly facilitates his exodus. —Besides, that we
 we are too poor to furnish you with deadly
 wea|&gt;ons, candor inquires the admission, that
 some of us would not furnish them, if we
 could; for some of us have become non-resist
 ants, (and have discarded the use of these
 weapons: and would say to you: “love your
 enemies; do good to them, which hate you;
 bless them that curse you; aod pray for them,
 which despitefully use you.” Such of us
 would be glad to be able to say, that all the
 colored men of the North are non-resistants.
 But, in point of fact, it is only a handful of
 them, who are. When the insurrection of
 the Southern slaves shall take place, as take
 place it will, unless speedily prevented by
 voluntary emancipation, the great mass of
 the colored men of the North, however much
 to the grief of any of us, will be found by
 your side, with deep-stored and long-accumu
 ated revenge in their hearts, and with death
 dealing weapons in their hands. It is not to
 be disguised, that a colored man is as much
 disposed, as a white man, to lesist, even unto
 death, those who oppress him. The colored
 American, for the sake of relieving his color
 ed brethren, would ao mote hesitate to shoot
 an American slaveholder, than would a white
 American, for the sake of delivering his
 white brother, hesitate to shoot an Algerine
 slaveholder. The State motto of Virginia:
 “Dealh to Tyrants;” is as well the black
 man’s, as the white man’s motto. We tell
 you these things not to encourage, or justify,
 your resoit to physical force; but, simply,
 that you may know, be it to yout joy or
 sorrow to know it, what yourNoithren color
 ed brethren axe, in these important respects.
 This truth you are entitled to know, however
 the knowledge of it may affect you, and how
 ever you may act, in view of it.
 We have said, that some of us are non-re
 sistants. But, while such would dissuade
 you from all violoace toward the slave
 holder, let it not be supposed, that they re
 gard it as guiltier 'ban those strifes, which
 even good men are wont to justify. If the&lt;
 American revolutionists had excuse for shed
 ding but one dropnof blood, tneu have the
 American slaves excuse for making blood to
 flow “even unto the horse-bridles.”
 Numerous as are the escapes from slavery,
 they would be far more so, were you not em
 barrassed by your misinterpretations of the
 rights of property. You hesitate to take even
 the dullest of your master’s horses—whereas
 it is your duty to take the fleetest. Your
 consciences suggest doubis, whether in quit
 ting your bondage, you are at liberty to put
 in your packs* what you need of ford and
 clothing. But were you better informed, you
 would not scruple to break your master’s
 locks, and take all their money. You are
 taught to respect the rights of property. But,
 no such rights belong to the slaveholder.
 His right to property is but the robber-right.
 In every slaveholding community, the rights
 of properly all center in them, whose coerced
 and unrequited toil has created the wealth,
 in which their oppressors riot. Moreover, if
 your oppressors have rights of properly, you,
 at least, are exempt from all obligation to re
 spect them. For you are prisoners of war,
 in an enemy’s country—of a war, too, that ,is
 unrivalled for its injustice, cruelly,, meanness.
 —and therefore, by all the rules of war, you
 have the fullest liberty to plunder, burn, and
 kill, as you may have occasion to do to pro
 mo e yuui escape.
 We iegret to be obliged to say to you, that
 it is not every one of the Free States, which
 offers you ao asylum. Even within the
 last year, fugitive slaves have been arrested in
 some of the Free States, and replunged into
 slavery. But, make your way to New York
 or New England, and you will be safe.' It is
 true, thatenven, in New York and New
 England, there are individuals, who would
 rejoice to see the poor flying slave cast back
 into the horrors of slavery. But, even these
 ate restrained by public sentiment. Ii is
 questionable whether even Daniel Webster,
 or Moses Stuart, would give chase to a fugi
 tive slave; and if they would not, who would?
 —for the one is chief-politician and the oilier j
 chief-priest.
 We do not forget the industrious efforts, 1
 which are now making to get new facilities atj
 the hands of Cougress for re-enalaving those,
 who have escaped from slavery. But we can
 assure you, that, as to the State of New* i
 York and the New England States, such
 efforts must prove fruitless. Against all such j
 develism—against ail kidnappers—the color
 ed people of these States wili “stand for their
 life;” and, what is more, the white people of
 these Ststes will not stand against them. A
 regenerated public sentiment has, forever, re
 moved these States beyond the limits of the
 slaveholders, hunting ground. Defeat—-dis
 grace—and, it may be, death—will be their
 only reward for pursuing their prey into this
 abohUonizcd portion of out country.
 A special reason why you should not stop
 in that part of the Nation which comes within
 the bounds ot John McLean’s judicial district,
 is, that he is s great man in one of the religi
 ous sects, and an aspirant for the Presidency.
 Fugitive slaves and their friend fare hard in
 the hands of this Judge. He not only puts a
 pro-slavery construction on the Federal Con
 stitution, and holds, that law can make pro
 perty of man—a marketable commodity of
 the image of God, but, in various other ways,
 be shows, that his sympathies are with the
 oppressor. Shun Judge McLean, then, even
 as you would the Reverend Muses Stuart.
 The law of the one is as deadly an enemy to
 you, as is the religion of the other.
 There are thtee points in your conduct,
 when you shall have become inhabitants of
 the North, on which we cannot refrain from
 admonishing you.
 Ist. If you wi.l join a seciaiian church, let
 it not be one which approves of the nfgro
 pe w, and which refuses to treat alaveholdtng
 as a crime against God and man. h
 were beter, that you sacrifice your lives than
 that by going into the negro pew, you invade
 your self-respect—debsse your souls—play
 the traitor to your race—and crucify afresh
 Him who died for the one brotherhood of
 man.
 2 d. Join no political party, which refuses
 to commit itself fully, openly, and heartfully,
 in ita newspapers, meetings, and nommauous,
 to the doclriue, that slavery is the grossest of
 all absurdities, as well as the guiltiest cf all
 abominations, and that there can no more be
 a law for the enslavement of man, made in the
 image of God, (ban for the enslavement of
 God himself. Vote for no man for civil office;
 who makes your complexion a bar to political,
 •CclawMAiaaU 01 social equality. Better die
 than insult »os«U every person
 of 4&gt; f rir* n intuit Maker h«
 rtmrftuTrng to elevate to b v
 who refuse* to cat wufa you. w hil
 fide to the Huse of f
 children ait ui ibesaW ft. J
 dl s3 re Bwd not your ohddrco to the *choo
 «»hiph the malignant aod murderous premdtci
 toe costly, if al lb expense 0
 U 1 reff-vaenfiriog, and heroic, aod
tyr-»pirit, which weak! impel the colored mrr
 j of the North to turn their back* on pro-*la
 very churches asd pre-slavery politic*, and
 pro-slavery schools, would exert a far migit
 tier influence against slavery, than could all
 theii learning, however great, if purchaser
 by concessions of their manhood, and sur
 renders of their rights, and coupled, as it thet
 would be, by chaiacte.istic meanness and ser
 vility.
 And now, brethren, we close this lettei
 with assuring you, that we do not, cannot
 forget you. You are ever in our minds, om
 hearts, our prayers. Perhaps, your ar feat
 ing, that the free colored prople of the Uoitec
 Siste* will suffer themselves to be carried
 away from vou by the American Colonisation
 Society. Fear it not. In vain is it, thai
 this greatest and most malignant enemy of the
 African race ia now busy in devising new
 plans, and in seeking the aid of Government,
 to peipetuate your enslavement. It wants u*
 away from your side, that you may be kept in
 ignorance. But we will remain by your side
 to enlighten you. It wants us away from
 your side, that you may be contented. But
 we will remain by your aide, to keep yon,
 and make you more, discontented. It wants
 us way flout your side to the end, that your
 unsuccored end conscious helplessness may
 make you the easier and suter prey of your
 oppressors. But we will remain by your side
 to sympathize with you, and cheer you, and
 give you the help of our rapidly swelling
 members. The land of our enslaved brethren
 is our land, and death alone shal* pan us.
 We cannot forget you, brethren, for we
 know your sufferings: and we know your suf
 ferings, because we know, from. experience,
 what it is to be an American slave. So gall
 ing was our bondage, that, to esc, pe from it,
 we suffered the loss of all things, and braved
 every peril, and endured every hardship.
 Some of us left parents, some wives, some
 children. Some of us were wounded with
 guns and dogs, as we fled. Some of us, to
 make good our escape, suffered ourselves to
 he nailed up in boxes, and to pass for mer
 chandize. Some of us secreted ouselves in
 the suffocating holds of ships. Nothing was
 so dreadful to us, as slavery; and hence, it is
 almost literally true, that we dreaded noth
 ing, which could befal ur, in our attempt to
 get clear of it. Oui condition could be made
 no woise, for we were already in the lowest
 depths of earthly woe- Even should we be
 overtaken, and resubjected to slavery, this
 would be but to return to our old sufferings
 and sorrows: and should death itself prove to
 be the price of our endeavor after freedom,
 what would that be but a welcome release to
 men, who had, all their lifetime, been killed
 every day, and “killed all the day long.”
 We have referred to our perils and hard
 ships in escaping from slavery. We are
 happy to be able to say, that every year is
 multiplying the facilities for leaving the
 Southern prison house. The Liberty Party,
 the Vigilance Committee of New York, in
 dividuals, and companies of individuals in
 various parts of the country, are doing all
 they can, and it is much, to afford you a safe,
 ind a cheap, passage from slavery to liberty.
 They do this however, not only at great ex
 pense of propeity, but at great peril of liberty
 and life. Thousands of you have heard, ere
 this, that, within the last fortnight, the pre
 cious name of William L. Chaplin has been
 added to the list of those, who, in helping
 you gain your liberty, have lost their own.
 Here is a man, whose wisdom, cultivation,
 moral worth, bring him into the highest and
 best class of men:—and, yet, he becomes a
 willing maityr for the poor, despised, forgot
 ten slave’s sake. Your remembrance of one
 such fact is enough 10 shed light and hope
 upon your darkest and most -disponding mo
 ments.
 Brethren, our last word to you is to bid
 you be of good cheer, and not to despair of
 your deliverance. Do not abandon your
 selves, as have many thousands of American
 slaves, to the crime of suicide. Live! live to
 escape from slavery' live to serve God live
 till He shall Himself call you into eternity!
 Be prayerful—be brave—be hopeful. “Lift
 up your heads, for your redemption diaweth
 rvjph
 lo the Liberty Party: The fugitive
 slaves, whu are, this day assembled in Caz
 smovia, N. Y. come to you,with a very ear
 nest petition.
 The National Convention, which you are
 10 hold in the city af Oswego, the second day
 of next October, is to nominate a candidate
 for Piesident ol the United Slates. Your
 petitioners are aware, that F. Julius Le
 Moyne, William Gooodeli, and Gerrit Smith,
 are each spoken of as such candidate.
 As to Mr. Smith, we know, that he al
 ways refuses nominations to office; and that
 he, now, goes so far, as to refuse to admit,
 that he would accept of the office, however
 elevated or important, to which he might he
 elected. As to Mr. Le Moyne and Mr. Good
 ell, we cannot deny their competency to fill
 the highest offices in the gift of the people—
 they are wise and true-hearted men, an honor
 to their age, their nation, their race. But,
 notwithstanding all this richly deserved praise
 of these men, we are bold to say, that there
 is another man in this nation, who is not their
 inferior in the qualifications for President of
 ihe United States.—Nay, where, in the whole
 length and breadth of this Nation, can a man
 be found mote competent than William L.
 Chaplin to administer itc Government He
 is emphatically a scholar, a statesman, a
 philanthropist, a gentleman, and a Christian.
 Job, who was the supreme magistrate in the
 community, in which he dwelt, numbers
 among his own qualifications for office, “1
 was a father To THE poor.”—Beautiful,
 precious, indispensable qualification ia this!
 and who has it more abundantly than William
 L. Chaplin.
 But, we confess it is not because of Mr.
 Chaplin’s ability to fill arid admn the office
 of President of the United Slates, that we
 ask you to nominate him to the office. It is,
 because he is a prisoner!—and a prisoner for
 such a cause! It is true, that we would
 not, for this reason, ask for his nomination,
 wese it not also, that he is fit foi it. But,
 being fit fot it, we find in the fact of his im
 prisonment, good cause why he, auong all,
 who have such fitness, should be singled out
 for the nomination.
 In our esteem, however it may be in the
 esteem of others, who hsve not, like our
 selves, had personal experience of the woee
 of slavery, the greatest of mil the questions ol
 human rights, which agitate this age, is Sla
 very. Now, to the just and merciful solu
 lion of this question, Mr. Chaplia has devotee
 himself, with an ability, a zeal, and a self
 denial, which none of bis fellow laborers an&lt;
 fellow sufferers hsve surpassed. And, whilst
 in return for all this Heaven will reward, ant
 dues now reward, him with its love, met
 have deprived lum of his personal liberty. O
 all the men in this land, who are fit for Presi
 dent, he is the only oue, who, lor devotion’!
 sake to the cause of the slave, is suffertnj
 this severe deprivation. And is not his im
 prison ment, taking all the circumstances i.it
 account, a very clear and certain providentia
 indication, that he is the naan for your caodi
 date? And would not your nominal ton u
 him, besides being a merited tribute lo hi
 excellent worth, and a soothing and beautifu
 expression of your sympathy with his suffer
 mgs, and of your affliotion in hit afflictions
 and, besides being, in your thus openly, an
 without shame, idertilying yourselves wit
 his self sacrificing but odious principles,
 most honored evidence of your magnanimity
 —would it not, also, be an unambiguous so
 impressive acknowledgment of the transcer
 dent importance of the anti-slavery cause?
 him in nomination fur President of me Unit
 States, did be not, in other respects, al«
 represent and honor the principles of tl
 Liberty p«ty. tour party is devoted to tl
 cause of the landless, as well to the cam
 i of the enslaved. So is be. Free trade, oj
 f position to National wars, and National deb.
 and secret societies, are among yo» t prmc
 plea. So «»of hie, alas, fit
why need we go into these particular** M
 Chaplin is himself a member of the Liber
 Party:-ay, he is, at this moment, the Lit*
 *y **wty candidate for Governor of the Sta
 of New York. Happy party in being le
 ored with such a candidate! Hi* new ho
 ora—the honors of his prison—are not co
 fined to his own brow. The Party which p
 him in nomination, shares in them, and thu
 i« it, already rewarded lor the sagacity ar
 soul, which governed it, in selecting its cai
 didate. A greater reward will follow i
 nomination of him to a higher office—and
 will be all ihe greater, because of his preae
 circumstances.
 Nominate, then, we beseech you, for Prei
 ident of the United States, William L. Cha|
 li.i. The news of hia nomination will be ifc
 most welcome and cheering of all news t
 the free colored people of this nation. An
 this glad news will reach many a poor alav«
 and thrill with joy his now desolate heart, i
 will astonish all chr stmidom to learn, ih&lt;
 the Government of a Nation holds in pnsn
 the man nomin tied to the chief magtamc
 of that Nation—and hoids him there for n
 other offence than helping hia fellow-mer
 and these too his fellow-couairymen, out
 slavery, and does this, too, notwithstanding
 the basis principle of that Nation is, that al
 men abc created eqcal. The slaveholder
 will stand aghast at this nomination. The;
 will regret, that they provoked it; —and the;
 will strive, in vain, to lay the mighty influ
 ences, which ptoceed from it. Another grea
 benefit, which will attend this nominal ion, is
 that it will test the religion tfgJhose ?who es
 teem it to be their duty WfSw under th&lt;
 Constitution of the United States. Hitherto
 the great mass of professing Christians in thi
 land have voted for slaveholders—even foi
 this meanest and cruellest class of pirates,ant
 h ive yet been called Christians. But, wil
 they be called Christians—nay, will they
 much as make themselves believe, that the)
 are Christians —if, when the question before
 them is, whether on the one hand, to vote foi
 the follower of Christ, who, for Christ’s sake
 and tho sake ol His poor, lies in prison, or,
 on the other, to vote for ihe heartless candi
 date who will keep that follower of Christ in
 prison, they shall decide to vote for that heart
 less candidate? Again, we beseech you tc
 nominate William L. Chaplin. That nomi
 nation will try the temper of ibe people—the
 spirit of the church. To the bos m of every
 voter it will bring home the question:—
 “Will you vote for the innocent and
 BELOVED PRISONER, OR FOR HIM WHO WILL
 HOLD HIM a PRISONER?” Nominate William
 L. Chaplin, and you will, thereby, send to the
 polls the great question: “For the Prison
 er, OR against the prisoner?” And, re
 member, too, that, in the dying of this great
 question,ihe question of slavery, of humanity,
 of religion, will be tried—and tried too, more
 effectually, tl.an they have ever yet been tried
 in this guilty land.
 Our petition and our reasons for it are now
 before you. In disposing of them, may you
 have the Divine guidance!
 resolutions.
 Ist. Resolved, That Slavery is the curse of
 Burses; the robbery of robberies; and the
 crime of crimes.
 9J. Resolved, That, inasmuch as it is the
 duty of evety man to serve God with all his
 powers, it follows, that no man has the right
 to curtail his powers by going into slavery;
 but that every man who is in that condition, is
 bound to get out of it, if he can: and fur her
 more, that, on the principle o: the brother
 hood and identity 01 rnci, he is no more
 bound to get out of it it he can, than others
 are to help him out of it, if they can.
 3d. Resolved, That our hearts are in the
 cell of Willian L. Chaplin; and that, whilst
 his enemies deride his condition, and his false
 friends aie ashamed of his chains, he will
 ever be in our eyes, and that, too, whether he
 die in the dungeon or on the scatfold, a scho
 lar, a sta teaman,a philanthropist, a gentleman,
 and a Christian,
 4th. Resolved, That in that day, when the
 slaveholder shall find, in each slave he has re
 tained in slavery, a mill-stone around the
 neck of his sou), Charles T. Torrey and
 William L. Chaplin will find in each slave,
 whom they may have delivered, a welcome
 remembrancer of their laith in God and Jove
 to man.
 sin. Resolved, That, odious in the sight of
 the American people, as is the “slave steal
 ing,” which is charged upon William L.
 Chaplin; that is, neveitheless, a sham repub
 licanism, and a sham Christianity, which does
 not indorse it.
 6th. Whereas, whatever may be said of
 slavery in the States, it is admitted by all the
 intelligent and candid, that the Federal Con
 stitution, can authorize, can suffer, no slavery
 in the District of Cob inbia; and that the Ha
 very, which exists there, exists simply out of
 comity 10 the slaveliolding portion of the
 country:
 Resolved, therefore, that William L. Chap
 lin and they, who occupied the carriage with
 him, the evening of the Bth instant, were a
 company of innocent freemen; and that they,
 who stopped it, were guiliy of the insolence
 and violence of highwaymen, and should be,
 and, if this were a land of law and justice,
 uwuldbe, promptly punished as highwaymen.
 7th. Resolved, That, there is not in the
 Congress of the United States, one liberty
 loving and law-loving raaif, who can consent
 that its present session shall cloae, until
 Drayton, Sayre, Harris, and Chaplin have
 been released from {prison, and slavery ex
 pelled from the District of Columbia,
 Bth. Resolved. That slavery in the Dis
 trict of Columbia is a fearful precedent which
 caunot be too speedily overthrown:—for, if
 Congress can make slaves of some persons
 there, it can make slaves of all persons there;
 and the like power can it exercise, whatever,
 in any Slate, there are National “foils, mag
 azines, arsenals, dock-yards, and other need
 ful buildings,” and upon whatever persons
 may visit them, or enter a Post Office, or a
 Custom House, or a Federal Court House.
 9th. Resolved, That, whethet there is, or
 is not, Constitutional slavery in the States,
 the Federal Government should see lo it, that
 all the slaves, and the posterity of all the fe
 male slaves who have ever been, though but
 for a moment, and though with or without
 the consent of their masters, within the lim
 its of the District of Columbia, be immedi
 ately restored to liberty:—for it is too plain
 to require argument, that, whoever, whethet
 slaves or freemen, be the fugitives from ser
 vice and labor, referrflstD in the constitution,
 they ate fugitives from one State into another
 State.
 10th. Resolved, That, much a*s the Fret
 Soil Party has said of its purpose “to divorct
 the Federal Government from the support o!
 slavery,” it is now, and has, long beea abun
 dantly demonstrated, that this purpose cannot
 be accomplished, without either disbanding
 that Government or wielding it for the over
 throw of slavery, in every part of the Na
 tion,
 11th. Resolved, That he dishonors boil
 Republicanism and Christianity, who ac
 knowledges any law of slavery, or who ac
 knowledges, that such an abomination, at
 slavery, is capable of legalizaton.
 12th. Resolved, That slaveholders ate tb&lt;
 cruellest and meanest of ail piraies; and that
 instead of being fit to be civil rulers, no Gov
 eminent is just, which does not make then
 ibe subjects of its severest punishment.
 13th. Resolved, That, in the arrest and im
 prison men t of William L- Chaplin, for no ol
 fence but ihat of loving his neighbor ss him
 self, and of practically maintaining the eon
 fesaedly self-evident and inalienable right o
 man to “life, liberty, and the pursuit of hap
 pincss,” we aee, not only, that the Fed-ra
 iDiatrict, which was placed by the Conatitu
 control of Con
 power, but we sea v
 ru:h,that the struggle in this
 s avery and freedom involve. lhe
 f,ee h,te ent»ea, as well as of ue color
 d slave—that it is in short, a |jf e and deal!
 which must icsult in liberty to a ij
 4t in the liability of slavery to all.
 goic,
down into a Free Soil party, or any ©th«
 r ahatn abolition party, or of identifying them
 selves whk any scheme whatever of “anti
 slavery mide easv,” abolitionists are sum
 mooed by me thickening of the anti-slavery
 battle, and the- multiply ihng trials of their ao
 li-slavery integrity—by the voice of Torrey
 t from his grave and of Chaplin from his
 prison, to put forth more and more emphatic
 and self-denying evidences, of tbesinceiitv
 and depth of their sense of the immeasurable
 and horrid wickedness of slavery.
 15th. Resolved, That, among the eviden
 ces of our devotion to the cause of tbe slave
 should be.
 Ist. No connection with, and no Worship
 ping with, a church, which has i oegio-pew,
 or which it associated, directly or indirectly'
 closely or remotely, with chuiches, North or
 South, that have it.
 2d. No voting fm any man for any civil office
 who makes complexion a bar to eithei m il
 or political equality; or w ho will admit, mat
 there is the least obligation to obey, or honor
 any form or pretence oflaw, nr any judicial
 decision, which ta on the side of slavery.
 3d. No consuming, unless in cases of abso
 lute necessity, any of the produce of slave
 labor— any of the cotton, rice, sugar, which
 are wet with the tears and sweat, and red
 with the blood, and heavy with tho groans, of
 the poor, weary, and desolaie victims of the
 slave-power.
 16 h. Resolved, That, in the names of God
 and Humanity, Religion and the Constitution
 we demand the liberation, not only of Dray
 ton and Sayre and Harris and Chaplin, but of
 the slaves of the District of Columbia; and
 that, in these names, do we, also, demand,
 that the American people shall regard the re
 fusal to liberate these victims of the slave
 power, asjust cause for Revolution'.
 17tb. Resolved, That, we call on every
 man in the Free States, who shall go to the
 polls, at the approaching Elections,to go with
 this motto burning in his heart and bursting
 from hia lips: “Chaplin's release, or civil
 REVOLUTION.”
 Dj 3 Thirty or forty slaves absconded from
 Prince George county, Maryland, on the 18th
 I inst. An ong them, two mulattoes belonging
 'to Mr. Calvert. Pursuit thus fat haa been
 unsuccessful.
 Richmond, Aug. 17.
 On yesterday, 38 slaves employed on the
 Wetuinpka (A a.) Plank Road suddenly dis
 appeared. They were instantly pursued, but
 up io this time, there has nothing been heard
 of them.
 Slaves Captured One Shot. —Some
 time last week, five slaves belonging to Pierce
 Griffin, of Shelbyville, made their escape into
 Indiana. Yesterday morning, three of them
 were captured, and brought to this city. They
 were armed with hemp hooka, and made re
 sistance, and one of them was shot, the balk
 lodging in his throat. His life is despaired
 of. —Louisville Courier.
 Abduction or Negroes. The Repub
 lican, published at Like Ptovidence, La., of
 the 27ih uliiino, says that there was consid
 erable exc t-ment there on the Tuesday pre
 vioua, by the running of! of 45 or 50 neg Toes
 from ihe Peru plantation, Washington co.,
 Miss., by those who assumed to be heirs to
 the property. Sheriff Mnsely declined to
 follow them, as by doing so, he was informed
 his life would be placed in peril.
 ID" The following are the ages of the
 prominent men in England. Duke of Wel
 lington, 81; Lordj Lyndhurst, 78;, Joseph
 Hume, 73; Lord Brougham, 72. [This gen
 tleman announced recently his intention to
 visit America in February next.] Viscouni
 Palmerston, 6ft; Lord John Russell, 58; Sir
 George Grey, 51; Hon. T. B. Macaulay, 51;
 Earl Gray. 48; Mr. Cobden, 47; Benjamin
 Disraeli, 45; Lord John Manuers, 32; Duke
 of Argye, 27.

 Stampedes Almost every mail brings
 intelligence of the escape of slaves from the
 border slave States. Thirty-five are reported
 to have left a single county in Maryland in
 one day last week, and about a dozen from
 other places in the same State in the cuur.-e
 ot the week. Scarcely a day passes that such
 attempts are not made, successful, ami the
 number s supposed to be very large that have
 resorted to this method of establishing their
 right to themselves during the summer in
 Vngmia, Maryland, and the District of Co
 lumbia.—Anti-Slavery Standard.
 Alarming Insurrection among the
 Slaves —An insurrection in which four hun
 dred slaves were to be engaged, was discov
 ered in Lowndes County, Alabama, last
 week. The rendezvous of the negroes was
 fired upon by the whites, killing one slave
 and wounding twenty others. The slaves
 then fled. It is said the slaves were incited
 to the insurrection by an Abolitionist, for
 whose apprehension a reward of $6,000 has
 been offered. Large parties were in pursuit
 of him.—He is supposed to have fled toward
 Cbrtlestoo.
 A general massacre is supposed to have
 been intended.
 ID 3 The steamer America, Capt. N. Shan
 non, which lett Liverpool on the 17th inst.,
 for New York, arrived at Halifax Tuesday
 evening.
 Jenny Lind was giving conceits to crowd
 ed audiences at Liverpool, and was to sail
 for New York in the Atlantic on the 21sl
 insl. Miss Cushman, the celebrated actress,
 is a passenger in the America.
 At a concert given at Liverpool on Friday.
 A.ug. 17, by Jenny Lind the house was
 crowded to suffocation, and tickets sold at s
 high rate of premium. She is said to be more
 beautiful than ever. The Atlantic being too
 full of passengers to accommodate her full
 suite, a part of them are passengers i? the
 America.
 Slave Property. —The papers from
 Western Virginia, *Weatcto Maryland, and
 the Eastern shore counties, teem with adver
 tisements of rewards for runaway slaves.
 The difficulty of recapturing runaways has
 increased the amount offered very much
 $3OO and $350 each being common. lam
 informed by a slave-catcher and dealer that
 the loss of slave property this spring and
 summer, from Maryland and Virginia, is lar
 ger than at any former period. He showed
 me a list of advertisements he had arranged
 in his note book, tor iefeiences, offering re
 wards for eighty-one, amounting to about
 $12,000. Tne total value of this numbei
 would be futlv $50,000. A snug item foi
 slaves owneis to post to “profit and less ac
 count”—a great major ty of them being re
 covered.”— Bat. Cor. o' TYibune.
 Yale College —lnfluence of Slavery. Tht
 Hartford Republican makes tbe following
 statement:
 We learn that the recent commencement a
 New Haven, did not pass off without somt
 flagellation of those who maintain opinion)
 that are unpopular with our “brethren a
 ihe South.”
 “In th« oourae of their operations, ibr
 Phi Beta Kappa Society proceeded to chomi
 an o ator for 1851. They balloted, and wen
 likely to make choice of Hon. Win, H. Sew
 ard, whose name some thoughtless admirer
 of that gentleman had introduced. Whcr
 his eleotioo seemed certain, a Fillmore Whif
 from New York, rose and objected to him, or
 the ground that he maintained “extreme
 opmions,” He was followed by Mr. Gouk
 of Georgia, who sieruly opposed Air. Seward
 and intimated, (or, rather, threatened,) ih
 withdrawal uf tbe Southern patanage fron
 tire College, if the College Soodties cuume
 "feu"
 PJt a padtoeTti ,f
 iuer»P- r; “P 8 that sp«k at ou
 Ponder whenever It pleases
 Wo •mm*’’ #medi 4KI ud *c, 3
Receipts
 £W tkt North Stab, frtm Ux 15tA tf Angu*
 J. tkt M tf Scpttttbtfm
 Subscriber, by J. C. Bustill *17.00
 Willis Stark 2,00
 Mr*. E. B*ium 2,00
 P«ty Wale. I,&lt;X&gt;
 N. Ac Cady 1,00
 Wilson K«oeey 1,00
 j v «ttey Kenney 1,00
 i Phillip o Am* 1,00
 Oliver Davenport ft, Oft
 Mr*. Rebecca Ho war a a l t OC
 Peter Ray 2,u0
 W. B V'kUil 1,00
 John Rock 1,00
 John Cole 1,00
 P. W Cromwell I,Oh
 L. F. Cheney 1,00
 R. B Fowler 2,00
 J. P. I'iiylor 2,00
 Hosanna, A. 3. Society 4,00
 Peter De Uecy 1,0;
 t. W. Kenyon 2,00
 William CufSn 2-00
 Ban Perry 1,00
 G. W Reynu.ua 1,00
 Hannah M. Bernard 2,00
 F. Hawley 1,00
 C. G. Hamblin 1,00
 R. R. Johnson 1,00
 Stewart Green 2,00
 A. Thorpe 2,0.
 Garwood Lewie 2,00
 Rev. Lyndon King 1,00
 W- F. Cady 1 ,00
 W. P. Green 1,80
 E D. Loomis 80
 Mr. Miller (don) 1,00
 By J. C. Bnstill 9.23
 Coleman Cole 2,00
 Joseph Draper I,OQ
 flarvison Lewis 1,00
 Oliver A. Thomas 2,00
 Edward Giffit 2,00
 Timothy Howland 2,00
 W illiam Ainsworth 2,00
 F. W. Sawyer 2.00
 John Gill Banks 3,00
 WIST \R*S BALSAM OF WILD CHERRY.
 The great remedy for Consumption, and the beat
 medicine known to man tor Asthma of every stage.
 Liver Complaints, -Bronchus, Inflgenza, Coughs,
 Colds, Bleeding of the Lungs, Slmrtness of Breath,
 pains and weeklies, in the side, breast, Ac., and
 all other diseases of all the Pulmonary Organs.
 [From the Boston Post J
 Dr. S. W. Fowle, 188 Washington street, has
 an article entitled as above, which we believe is
 the (rest preparation hitherto discovered for the.
 cure of colds and other consumptive complaints.
 Having tested this medicine, we cm speak with
 confidence as to its salutary effects in removing
 colds and other complaints incident to this season
 of the you-.
 [From the Cincinnati Enquirer.]
 Wherever this medicine is introduced, it at r once 1
 attains that high reputation which it so richly de
 serves —What can stop its sale, -when on every
 hand can witnessed its wonderful cure* I’he worst
 case* of Astntua, recent but dangerous coughs, and
 also those that are of long standing, bronchitis, and 1
 consumption in its early stages, are always cured
 by this remarkable medicine, l
 Be not deceived by imposters—the public should I
 be careful to get ihe genuine artical. as the imira* 1
 tions and counterfeits being put up by those who
 know nothing of the medicine, or of the diseases 1
 of the human system, are entirely unsafe and danger-
 ous.
 None genuine unless signed I. BU ITd on the 1
 wrapper,
 Address all orders to SETH W, FOWLE,
 Boston, Mass.
 For sale by Posfr A Willis; also by Wh.
 Pnaiir.
Notice-monroe county, -sher
 iff’s OFFICE.—A GENERAL ELEC
 TION is to b? held in the county of Monroe, on the
 Tuesday succeedin the first Monday of November
 next, at whi h will be chosen the Officers mention
 ed in the notice from the iSecretary of State, ot
 which a copv thereof is hereto annexed.
 D te I at Hoc!*ster, August 2lst, 1850
 OUTWITS P. CHAMBER* AiN,Sheriff.
 STATE OF NFW YORK,Secretary’* tWfice, To
 ALII NY, August 15th, 1850. sthe
 SlterifT of the comity ..f Monroe.—Sir.— Notice is
 hereby given, tint at th&lt; GENERAL ELEC
 TION, to be h'dl in ih-s Statu, on the Tues a\
 succeeding ihcfiist Mon-lav of N -vevber next the
 following officer* nr* to be eh-ered, to wit:
 A Govemor, in luce of iiaini'ton Fish,
 A Lieutenant Governor, in place of George W.
 Patterson.
 A Canal Commissioner, in place of Jacob Hin d* J
 An Inspector ol State Prisons, in-place of David
 D. Speneer.
 v Ctei k of the Court of Appeals, in place t».
 Charle-S. Benton
 A Repre**'.i tire in the 321 Congress of th*-
 United Stat -s. f&gt;r the Twenty-Eighth District, in
 plaee of Alm* ,tia'ii Scln*i m-iriorn.
 COUNTY OFFICERS TO HE ELECTEt-
 KOR MAID COUNTY:
 Three Memhei* of Assembly.
 A Sufterint- mienl of t! e Poor, in pla»e of Wil
 liam Bl 'worn.
 A District Attornev, in pi ice of Willi.-un S, Bish
 op.
 A Coroner, in place of Joseph Stone.
 All of whose tet ms of office will expire on the
 last day of rceiuber next.
 I tie Elector* thr-'Ugb-M t the State, are also t
 vote for or against the Repeal of the Act entitled “an
 Act Establishing Free Sch ola throughout the
 State,” passed March26th, 1749- and an Acte..li
 tied “an Act to am-md the Act emitted un Art Fs
 t iblis ting Free Schools througiiout the State,” pass
 d April llth, 1849.
 Yours, respectfully,
 CHRIST &gt;PfIER MORGAN.
 Secretary of State.
 N. B.—AIL papers in said county, will phase in
 sert this notice ouce in each week till after election,
 and present their bills to the Board of Supervisors,
 foi payment.
 To Mechanics, Inventors and
 MANUFACTURERS.
 The publishers of the SCIEN ITFIC AMERI
 CAN respectfully give Kttice tb it the Vlth VOL
 UME of this valuable journal will he commenced on
 the TWEN I'Y-FIRST of SEPTEMBFK next,
 offering a favorable opportunity for hit to subscribe
 who take an interest in the progress and develop
 ment ot the Mechanics, Arts, and Manufactures of
 our country. The character of the Scientific Ameri
 can is too well known throughout the country to re
 quire a detailed account of the various subjects dis
 cussed throughout its columns.
 The aim of the publishers has always been to
 render it ihe most thorough and useful scientific
 journal in the eouutry; and to judge of this, bv
 comparing its circulation and influence with other
 publications of the tame class, they have the un
 equivocal evidence of its value as the leading ex
 ponent of the Arts and Sciences.
 It will be published WEEKLY as heretofbr, ih
 quarto form on line paper, affording at the end
 of the year an ILLUSTRATED ENCYLOP
 iEDIA of over four hundred pages, with an index,
 and from five I undred to six hundred original En
 gravings described by letters of reference, besiile,
 a vast amount of practical information concerning
 the progress of Scientific and Mechanical improve
 ments, Chemistry, Civil Engineering, Manufactur
 ing in its various branches. Architecture, Masonry,
 Botany—in short it embraces the entire range oi
 the Arts and Sciences
 It also possesses an original feature not louad is
 any other weekly jotriul in the country, vix: oft
 cial List of I'atent Claims, prepared expressly foi
 its columns at the Patent Office, thus constituting
 it the “American Repertory of Inventions.”
 In connection with the publishing department tb&lt;
 proprietors transact the most extensive Home auc
 Foreign Patent business done in this country j con
 aequentiy there facilities must be corresponding!)
 superi-w.
 I’ERMS: ff 2 00per Year, in advance; fit 00 foi
 Six Months.
 AH letters must be Poet Paid and diretted tc
 MUNN k CO., publishers ofThe Scientific tmeri
 caa, No. 128 FultonrStreet, New York-
 INDUCEMENTS FOR CLUBBING.
 Any person who will send ns four subscribers fm
 six months, at our regular rates, shall be entitled U
 one copy for dm some length of time! or we wil
 10 Copies, for 8 months, 8800
 10 12 1000
 15 It 22 0Q
 r soo
 Mou her* Mid westerq mo®«Jr taken at par foi
 anbsgrtptisnsi Of pqjt o &lt;fcce stamps taken at then
 RicsicM.—Any person, sending us three sub
 scritk-ra, wilt be entitled to a copy of the “Hisiori
 of t'ropellere a«t Mlsnm Navigation published m
 b,mk form, now in press, to be ready «W the Is
 of October. It Util be one of the most centrist!
SUnjertisemcnts
J«k Prtatiig!—Job Priitli&lt; t!
 connsa or soppalo abd exchange sts.,
 0»I* 1. SllDto’j HARDWARE ito»».
 SMITH A CLOUGH,
 Having recently oadt ilditkm to their ex*ensiv&lt;
 Job Printing Office, ere prepared to execute all or
 det* with oeatie'M end despatch, a*»d on m I dvr
 terms u WttWiilwaiit in Western New YaH
 —steam or no steom With new and improve
 card press from the work* of Hoe 4 Co., and a
 die I ite style* of type, we Hatter ourselves that on
 wark of ihia kind caauot be surpassed. “Try U*.‘
 Way Bill*, Shipping Hill*,
 ifandbi’ls, Ire! At km Card*,
 Bill Heads, Basines* Cards,
 Law Blanks, Law Cases,
 Books, Pa 3 phlrts, 4c., lie.,
 Dot# in style, at short notice.
 C. SMITH. W. tT.nrfi«
1,00
 2,H0
 1,06
Old Ladies Take ilttire!
 IHAVE now on haml and not constantly manr
 factoring, FRONT BANDS, to cover up tb
 Cy hair, and b.d.l places span the from part &lt;r tb
 d and temples—«u&gt;d I wiH ».*ll a neater, cheap
 er, and better aiticle than can bn bought in the
 State.
 Call and see for yourselves.
 Also, Curls, Wigs, ■‘ralps, and Braid*.
 J. ROOINSON. 19 Exchange street.
 N. B, —Also, India Hair Dye, for coloring the
 h-ir black.
 DCPOmIi paid for Human Hair. ju 6 —3*
WONDERFUL BOOK.
 NOW~READY.
 The Mysterlois Noises
 TN ROCHESTER and Western New York-A
 1 History of these remarkable sounds and of all
 he Strange Phenomena connected therewith, the
 spiritual Communications 4c. 4c., —price, single,
 I2|cts —10 copies for $l. Orders by mail will be
 rro.nptly attended to.
 Ten Agents wanted to sell the above work, al
 ogetber with other new and valuable works to
 room a fair chance to make money will be given.
 I small capital of from 919 to 929 requires, and
 be agent will bo indemnified against loss.
 D. M. DEWEY,
 aar29—&lt;4 Arcade Hall, Rochester, N. Y.
■ope Grind Union Daughters of
 Temperance.
 THE HOPE GRAND UNION Daughters of the
 Bute of Pennsylvania,located in the City of Phi
 ladelphia, would most respectfully announce to the
 Public, that they are prepared to grant Charters,
 and organise Unions throughout the Stats of Penn
 sylvania.
 Terms for Charter, $5.
 Applications for Charters most be made to
 HANNAH MARIA BUNDY, G. P. S. No 168
 Pine Street;
 SARAH RICHARDS. G.S.S. No. 147 So.
 6th, Street.
A JOURNAL FOR EVERY HOME
 THE
 NEW- ENGLANDER:
 A WEEKLY TAPER, DEVOTED TO
 Temperance, Education, Literature Reform and In
 telligence generally*
 WM. A WHITE, W. SLACK,
 r* is universally conceded that Intemperance and
 Ignorance are the fruited sources of nearly all
 crime, and in the eradictiodof those this paper is
 actively interested. It likewise freely expresses
 the sentiments of its editors upon ait the great re
 formatory questions of the day, and sympathises
 with all the enterprises of Christian benevolence.
 Combined with discussion on these subjects, each
 number will contain Original and Selected Stories,
 Letters from Correspondents, Articles on Agricultural,
 Physiological and Scientific Matters,Literary Notings
 and Pickings, and a complete summary of the Nesss
 of the Week.
 09- The NEW-ENGLANDER is in its Ninth
 Volume, and the present is a favorable titntUo Sub
 scribe.
 TERMS.—Two Dollars per Annum, m
 variably m advance. No subscription taken for less
 than «ix mouths. Address all orders (post paid) to
 WILLIAM A. W HITE.
 Publisher and Proprietor, No. 30 School St. Boston.
From the New York Tribune.
 Water-Core. —ln another page of this paper
 will be found the advertisement of Dr. Charles
 Mpndx's establishment for Water-Cure, at North
 ampton, Mass. Wc, some months since, bad th*
 treasure of welcoming the arrival in ti.ia country or
 Or. W. a* a politicaiiefngee, from Dresden, nn
 are now happy to chronicle his permanent setth
 ment within so short a ride of New York. Hi.
 Eamixma reputation as meoic.d writer and prac
 rjtuii &gt;aat of Hydr pathy, as well as the targectrt-h
 of friends his remarkable skill and general man
 uers have already gained here, will doulrtleits crow*
 with pitientn the institution ver which be pre
 sides, ami which is situated in one of the lovelies,
 and healthiest regions of New Eng and.
 DR. CHARLES MUNDE’S
 Water-Cure Establishment,
 AT NORTHAMPTON, tIA.SS. Dr. MUN
 DE respectful!* informs his friends a-&gt;d fht
 aiblic, that he has become the owner of the late lit.
 Niggles’ Wnier-CureEstaMi-hment at Bensm.ville
 *4 miles from the Northampton Railroad Depot, 7
 hours’ ride from New-York, about ft from Boston,
 ami 6 from Alban* .situated iu one ol die pleaseiitesi
 /allies of New England, surrounded with wood
 grown hills, with shady walks, and abundantly sup.
 plied with the purest, softest and coldest granite
 water. The aur is pure ami healthy, and the clim
 ate mild and agreeable. The new and spacious
 ouiidiugs offer all the neces-ary conveniences for
 water-cure purposes, such as large plunge baths,
 douches and airy lodging rooms for about 50 pa
 tients, separate for eiti er sex, a gymnasium, e'c.
 Tim Doctor being the earliest now l.v ng disciple
 &gt;f PriessnitK at Graefenburgh, and having an ex
 erteoi-e of mot* than 15 years of his own, his writ
 itgs on Water-cure being in the hands of every
 European bydropatb, hopes to respond to any rea
 sonable expectations from the water-eure-system,
 made on the pan of those sufferers who may confide
 theipselves to him.
IMPORTANT TO THE LADIES.
 CLOAKS! CLOAKS!
 10,000 Cloaks, Mantillas, and French Sacks,
 selling off at astonishing low prices!
 WE RESPECTFULLY INFORM OUR
 friends and the public, that one of the firm bus
 now returned front Europe, where he has been pur
 chasing, W* have received the LONDON AND
 FRENCH FASHIONS, which are very beautiful,
 from which we are very extensively manufacturing
 Cloaks, 4e.» of tbs richest and most fashionable
 materials in toe, such a* Velvets, Turk Satins,
 Black Silks, French Merinos, Thibet Cloths, Ac.—
 The designs and workmanship are excellent, embra
 cing taste, sleganoe, and durability.
 We would ray to tbe LADIES, ONE AND ALL,
 CALL AND SEE FOR YOURSELVES as we feel
 warranted in the assertion that our prices are at
 least 25 per cent, less than the materials can be
 purchaied elsewhere, and made up in a more nope
 nor nuuu er than they can get them made up them
 selves—some good Cloaks and Vise ties at $3,50
 each.
 Our stock of rich Black Silks. 1 urk Satins, Vel
 vets, Merinos, Gimps, and Fringes, is very large,
 and will be sold off at astonishingly low pri
 ces.' All persons requiring such goods are invited
 to call aad examine our etock.
 WAMSLEY BROTHERS.
 Emporium Block, 59 Main st., Rochester, and
 14 Catharine st., New York. oct29 An
The 014 Carosity Shat,
 At No. 139 Buffalo Strut Rochester.
 LLOYD SCOTT, grateful for the patronage
 awarded him, would respect folly inform his
 friends and the public generally, that he has recently
 enlarged hie establishment and augmented hie Mock
 of Men's, Women’*, and Children**. New and
 Second hand apparel. In addition to thie riepart
 meat be will buy and sell Houee and Store Furni
 ture. Book*, Jewelry, Fancy article*, Mechanical
 t aad agricultural implement*, and indeed oil those
 various odd* and end*” of which may not be
 readily obtained at other places. It is his intentiou
 to, keep The Old Carosity Shop" well furnished
 with an end lam variety of articles for which be will
 pay Übermlly and dispose of at satisfactory price*.
 Clothing repaired and renovated with neatness
 aad despatch.
 Dont forget The Old Curoaity Shop.
 Rochester March 1849.
 i Destnl Birg«ry,
 T wooH respectfully inform citizen* of Roehe^r
 iblT! r, s? l Sl ,l liii" w my

 uouse No. 92 Monroe Street.
 Thankful lor past favors in the line of my nrofcs
 sHM.nml flatter mg myself that I can gire JSfiS
 satisfaction to au who may favor me with ibeir ps
 trunage. I would invito ait those who are Jte
 swous of having operations performed on the teeth or
 &gt;f having teeth ineertod to call os me and satisf,
 A. CUttX.
 JO a txflormai b, w on tie
 D 1« 1019 *1
ISLOAS’S CSLVRR.
OCJK All the medicine* advertised by W.B. Slouu
 are sold by Post 4 WlWs, Wioslew 4 Young, ft*,
 chester; 9. Keuahaw, Frankfort; A. S. Rsirsis
 Co., Lewiston; T. 4 A. Frye, Brockport; Calst
 Nye, Pittsford; W. Wittiam*. Buffs, a; and by
 mo t druggists throughout the United States
 FAMILY OINTMENT.
 QLOAN’S OINTMENT is now uni versa Rv he
 O knowiedgpd to be an infislliible remedy, ia every
 &lt;mse a hero it has been fiuthfoily applied oe tlw bu
 nas system, for promoting InsrnstWe Perspiration,
 Ira wing out the iutlauimation from n wound, re
 lieving pai tt of every kind, and in ite healing
 ;italitn-y the world does out produce its equal, and
 'bepubhe pronounce it the cheapest and best Fami
 ly Ointment that has ever been used. AH disease*
 •t the Flesh, Obstinate Ulcers, Old Soros, CkU
 linn, Sore Thnmt, Burns, ('uts, utanetme
 •rapt ion, Sore Nippies, Sure Breasts, Diseases at
 the Eye, Ague in the foe, ride, hack, and the
 Rwr parts of the system, Roils, Ulcers. Scald
 Head, Bruises, Fresh Wounds, anti every knd of
 sore* containing the least pnrtkle of iuimauuatsoa
 are permanently cured by this great remedy.
 W. B. SLOAN,
 Grand Depot, 40 Lake si., Chicago, 18.
{DOCTORIN&lt;3 IN H AJJCNA.
 Mm. Sloan:— Dear Sir. Almut throe year* age
 J «««*wrly injuret in euc of mv legs by ire
 foiling of a pile of wo &lt;d which occasioned terse
 'TT* utnmu, trimriy e-evy doctor in Galeae
 tried to cure them; but tried in vain, until from
 sympathy and improper treatment my other leg be
 came a* bad as the one originally wounded. I
 despuired of ever being well again out in order
 that I might neglect no means i-diiu» my reach, I
 purchased of your agent in Galena souse of your
 Oinbnent, and you cun judge o r aty surprise and
 gratitude bettei than I can express it, to find my.
 self entirely well before I had finished using the
 seoond box.
 These Acts I make known that others afflicted
 many believe and not delay using so valuable an
 Ointment as your* has proved to be. Respectfully,
 your grateful friend, EVAN DAVIS.
 Galena, lU., Dee. 19,1848.
ON Off fflpffl AND KNEE*.
 that toy son Albert, eleven years of age, was
 afflicted in his fret from the time he first began to
 walk, the bottoms of which were covered with a
 hard dry'skin full of emit*, causing pain and touch
 affliction, many times he was obliged to go on his
 hands and knees, and no time has he been free from
 the sore affliction until now; baffling the skill of
 several physicians; I nit to our surprise hi* feet are
 now perfectly smooth soft ami free fioai -racks, ail
 from one application of vour Ointment, I would say
 the boy put it on himself u un experiment of his
 own, from hearing in recommended. Nothing more
 was thought of it for three weeks, at which time
 his feet were near about in a healthy at-ite, and are
 now the same as though they never had been other,
 wise. Yours, 4c.
 ISAAC PADFN.
 Galesburg, Knox Co., lU., April 2d, 1849. j
riVR LARGE DEEP CLCEBS.
 _ fSHEBOfoar, Wis., March 2,1949.
 Dr. W. B. Sloan —Dear Ssr: In my opinii a,
 the greatest cures effected pro those that have
 longest resisted the skit .of the Medical Faculty.
 Admitting that to he a (adit* I have a case in point,
 to wit: Mr. James Sanford, of Sheboygan)F*Us, was
 crippled two years with hue large deep ulcers, just
 above the ankle. The was so much swollen be
 get on a boot. Nearly all the most pop*
 alar Physicians in various places, have treat'd his
 case without any beneficial effect.
 Last August, Mr. Hanford solicited my advice.
 I succeeded in reducing the swelling and healed two
 or the sores. The other three I labored at tiU the
 first of February, without much if any benefit, when
 I gave him a box of Sloan’s Ointment, and
 in three weeks he was well.
 Respectfully yours
 C.M. OSTRANDER, M. D.
THE BEST ANH CHEAPEST
 HORSE MKDIfIJIg
 IN THE WORLD.
.SLOAN’S 01MlAih.t r
 AND
 jCONDITION POWDER
 have earned a ureai name.
 BURNT TO CINDER*!
 W. D. Sloan:— f
 Dear Sir: Justice demands that I shook! trim
 &gt;.o you my unfoigued thunk* for your unpar
 Ll&gt; LKD Ointment. Three week* ago my damth.
 ier’* clothe* caught fire, and Ulorr tiie dame* coukt
 be extingui»he.i, they were all burnt to cinders, the
 ••■hild was ho badly burned tlmt death .n-eiiied im-vi
 tabl in less than twenty four hour*. V &lt;&gt;ur Omtmtnt
 wan recommended, and used with surcc** it guve
 perfect relief! It i* needless to ado that the chiU. i«
 now well and aimut her Iwsines*.—The mtdidm is
 all and more than it is recommended to be. Every
 family and person should have it in their posses
 sk».
 1 feel indedted to you for my child’s life, and
 anything that 1 can do for you or your medicine, I
 am ready and willing to perform.
 Your humble servant,
 JOHN H. CRANE. 3
 Flint Crcee, Like Co., 111., i
 Feb. 28th, 1849. f
 For Puntg, Mildness, Safety Vert ami y
 Ssad Thonmgkntsi SLOAN'S
 OINTMENT Excels,
 Ami is rapidly superseding all other Ointments and
 Liniments now in use for the cure ot the following
 diseases:
 Fresh Wounds, G tils ol all kinds, Sprains,
 Bruises, Cracked Heels, Ringbone, Windfalls, Foil
 Evil, Callus, Spavins, Sweeney, Fistula, Sitfast,
 Strains, Lameness,Sand Cracks, Foundered Feet.
 Scratches or Grease, Mange aad Horn Distemper.
 The Powder will remove all inflammation and
 fever, purify the blood, loosen the skin, cleanse the
 water, aad strengthen every part of the body; and
 has proved a sovereign remedy for the following
 diseases:
 Distemper, Hide-bound, Lew of Appetite, Inward
 Strains, Yellow Water, Inflammation of the Eyes,
 ■Fatigue trom hard exercise. Also, Rheumatism
 (commonly called stiff complaint,) which proves so
 fatal to many valuable horses in this country. It is
 also a safe and certain remedy for concha and colds,
 which generate so many foul diseases.
 W. B. SLOAN,
 Grand Depot, 40 Lake at., Chicago, Illinois.
 TOO MUCH
 Cannot be said in favor of Sloan’s Horn Modi
 dines. Our neighbors, friends and acquaintances
 who have used them, testify their approbation iu no
 ordinary term*, and recommend them with coufl
 cence. Cures, afauoat miraculous have been effected
 by this medicine. “Every disease which the horse
 is heir to” is cured, permanently, by the use of
 Sloan’s Medicines. TRY THEM and test tor your,
 self their efficacy.— lll. Organ, Mag sth, 1840.
 HIGHLY SPOKEN Of.
 Extract from the 'Waukesha Democrat WiaJi
 May 9,1840.
 “Sloan's Medicines.”——A subscriber writ me
 from the town of New Berlia, requests us to
 that he has used Mr, Sloan’* Horae Ointment m
 several instances during the past whiter, and
 always with the desired effect, and wishes as to
 recommend it to those who have the use and tare
 rf tom. Mr. Sloui'a .rficia,
 spoken of generally, and from the favorable 'ac
 quaintance we have with that gentleman, w* are fed
 to believe that they are piepatxi with a view to
 grveaurealbeaefit to whatever purpose they ere re*
 RATTLE SNAKE BITE.
 Dm. W. B. Nloa*—ifcsr i «r-UM«OMh M*
 A. B, Taylor. of Gopher Hill, Indiana, had V,
 dose badly bitten on the nose by a Raulesaahe
 Some ten hour* after, 1 «w the borne. Us hand M
 wmarkaWy swollen, 1 immcaatciy appliH j.mr
 /wly, ««d »e were astonished rf
 prompt ralH-f»horded. In less «h»n one 05
 xwelhnß l#ga. to abate, and in •—«*y ht* b«»t»e*» i*
 tod«*“b a.ikia three day* the
 lutrse w«* not ht for use, but was Mutually put HI
 bnrd labor wit. tout any injurious resalt.
 Yours, tv*pectlid(f
"
