"TN NORTH STAR p«blish«4 rnty
 TfcnrvAav, it No. 3ft. Buffalo Street.
 (OfptmUtk* Asxmdt.)
 TERMS.
 T*o dollar* per um, afwsjm m rnfomce. No
 subscription will be received for a lee* MmdW
 six month*.
 Advertisements act exceeding tee line* inserted
 three timesfor one dollar; every ssfitsetfaeni inser
 tion, tweety«6v» cent*.
 The object of the Koiftil wi»beie eliliib
 SLAVES* ieallwfor-*- d """g*?
 Universal Emancipa**®?* thei standard
 of titfhlic morality uwwnilond iQtfllcc*
 uaffm,Mro**.iM«t o&lt; t{w Colored P p
 hasten the day of fRREPOR to the Tore*
 Millions of o«r enslaved fellow countrymen.
 PUBLISHER'S NOTICES.
 £f&gt; All cuinwsnicatioas relating to the hwoM
 matttr* of the paper, name* of subscribers, remit
 tance*, Ac., should be addressed to Frederick
 Douglass, Editor, Rochester, N. Y.
 10- Agents, and all others sending nameSjSre
 requested to be accurate, and to give the
 the County, aad the State. Each Subscriber n im*
 mediately credited for money received.
 QQh Any person sending in payment for fsat aub
 scribers, to be forwarded u&gt; one address, may
 have a fifth copy for e &gt;o year-
 All letters and coounanicatioos must be post paid
 list of agents.
 Massachusetts.— R.l. Wallctß.il,Corubill,
 Boston; Nathan Johnson, New Bedford; Horatio
 W. Foster, Lowell; James N. Buffum, Lyan;
 Bourne Spooner, Plymouth Cyrus Bradbury,
 Northampton.
 Connecticut. —Jmbec Cogswell, Brookfield.
 New Yore.— Sydney H. Q*y&gt; u
 Street; WiUinm Harned. Anti-Slavery Office, 61,
 John Street; John J. Zuille, 48, Watts Street;
 Joseph Post, Westbury, Oueeu County; Mary
 Harper, Albany, EUa* Doty, Macedon; W»f.
 letta Reese, Peru, Clinton County; J. F. Platt,
 Penn Yna; J. Jeffrey,Genera; E. L. Platt, Bath;
 Willis Stark, Medina, Orleans Co.; Wilham Brom
 n d Amarmocy Paine,Prev idence.
 Paitnsn-VARiA.— J. M. M'Kint. Njysh-
 Fifth Street, Philada; B. Bown,P.U«h«rfhs Wa
 Whipper, Columbia; Milo A. Towassad, New
 J- Gaines, Cincinnati Charles
 Hand, Harreysburgh,Clinton Co; Samuel Brooke,
 Salem D. Huntingdon, Chardon, Geauga Co.;
 Hugh Hamilton, Lowellville, Mahoning County;
 J, D. Patterson, Urban*,-harapaigu comity; S.
 D Jenkins, Columbus.
 Michigan.— Robert Banks, Detroit: Dr. J.
 B. Barnes, Ow.isso, Shiawasse Co.
 Indiana. —Willis Fowlee, New Albany.
 Illinois. Hemv O. Waggoner, Chicago;
 Marshall Hayward, Richmond, M*Henry Co.
 lowa.—Alexander Clark, Muscatine.
 Canada. —John June* Carey, Toronto.
WILLIAM B. CLOt’OH, PRINTER.
0 elect tons.
THE ENGLISH WELCOME TO THE
 AUSTRIAN BUTCHER.
 We are anything but blind worship*
 pers of England, or indiscriminate ad
 mirers of the English character; but
 every now and then a circumstance oc
 curs which testifies most eloquently to
 the largeness and generosity of the
 English heart, which vividly arouses
 our national pride, and makes us ex
 claim, “There is no country like Eng
 land there is no people like the Eng
 lish!” We can recollect nomort re
 markable occurrence of this welcome
 nature than the reception which Mar
 shal Haynau met with last Wednesday
 from the workmen at Barclay’s Brew
 ery. That interesting personage, at
 present on his travels, condescended to
 t'nvor England with his presence. Once
 in London, he seemed to have set
 about his duties as sight-seer in good
 earnest, and, like most curious strang
 ers, “illustrious” or otherwise, paid an
 early visit to Messrs. Barclay’s Brew
 ery, to make acquaintance with the
 wonders of that enormous establish
 ment. He was requested to enter his
 name in the visiter’s book, end possi
 bly as he complied with the request, he
 speculated on the awe and admiration
 with which so formidable and notorious
 a name would inspire the clerks and
 workmen around. And a most sudden
 and marvellous effect it certainly did
 produce, th ugh not exactly the effect
 expected or desired. Like almost all
 Englishmen, the workmeu of Messrs.
 Barclay had heard of the struggle, the
 woes, and the wrongs of Hungary, of
 the murder of Bathyany, the massacre
 at Arad, the whipping of women, the
 hanging of clergymen, and all the fear
 ful variety of sufferings which the Hun
 garians had undergone. Like the im
 mense majority of Englishmen, they
 had thought much of these things, and
 taken them deeply to heart—had felt
 an intense interest in the sublime strug
 ?;le, and no common grief at its mourn
 ul result; they had glowed with love
 and pity for the noble sufferers, and
 had burned with intense hate against
 the savage oppressors.
 And suddenlyAhe great criminal, the
 chief oppressor, was before them.
 They beheld in the midst of them the
 woman-dogger, the’murderer of Bathy
 nay, the shedder of the noble blood
 poured forth at Arad, the Austrian
 butcher, and the oppressor of Hungary.
 The clerks left their desks; the dray
 men quitted their drays; the workmen
 gathered around. How could they tes
 tify their indignation? How express
 their abhorrence? They hissed, they
 hooted, they execrated; they cast mud
 over that illustrious form; they bran
 dished brooms over that reverenced
 bead; they battered those illustrious
 sides with besoms; their rude hande
 profanely pulled those formidable
 whiskers, and dragged the Marshal
 along the ground by the flowing mous
 tache in which he glories. They tore
 the clothes from off his honored back;
 they drove him forth from the brewery,
 and pursued him along Bank Side. O,
 piteous spectacle! The illustrious
 Field-marshal, tbs commander of migh
 ty hosts, the prop of the Austrian em
 pire, the wearer of countleaa stars and
 orders fled along the dirtiest streets of
 London before e furious crowd of dray
 men and coal heavers. Truly the flog
 ged Hungarian ladies were most ap
 propriately avenged. At last he took
 refuge in a public-house, into which the
 crowd followed him; and no one can
 aay what would have been bis ultimate
 fate had not the police come to the res
 cue, dispersed the crowd with some
 difficulty, and s*nt the unfortunate
 Haynau up the river in a police galley.
 We are no admirers of furious mobs;
 we ere no apologists for the attacks of
 multitudes upon individuals, especially
 upon strangers, whether illustrious or
 otherwise. But there is something
 nobly singular in this onslaught which
 nines it above ell common cases of as
 sault and battery, and exalts it into a
 positive act of virtue, a generous vin
 dication of national honor, a bnve as
 sertion of humanity. This is no vulgar
 outrage; there was no got-up mob, n&lt;-
 Hungarian prompter, no organised at
 tack. it was exclusively English, en
 tirely spontaneous, and wholly gener
 ous-—a fierce expression of virtuou*
 indignation—a brave trampling on tru
 umpkani guilt—a grand chastisement
 pf victorious oppression—a rude and
THE NORTH STAIR.
FIEDEKICK MdLASS, Miter ail Froprleter.
VOL 111. NO. 41.
outrageous net if you will—but an act
 infinitely more respectable, and teo
 fold more virtuous than any airoable
 acquiescence in the presence of evil,
 any mean cringing to prosperous wick
 edness. We hope that there are few as
 semblies of Englishmen, aye, of refined
 and educated Englishmen, that would
 not find some means of expressing
 their loathing and abhorrence should
 the Austrian butcher appear among
 them.
 It was justice too —rude, wild jus
 tice, if you will—but Mill strict justice.
 The gallant woman -ftogger was most
 appropriately chastised. There was
 so much degradation in the doom —Bo
 much contemptuous bitterness in the
 punishment. The bespattering mud,
 the busy besoms, the rent gar
 ments, and the profound moustache,
 will not be very proud or agreeable re
 collections for the woman wbipper.
 The London drayman have most ex
 actly avenged the Hungarian ladies.
 The “illustrious foreigner” was hunted
 aa the meanest criminal; the would-be
 “star” was trampled upon like the
 most noxious reptile.
Remarks.
 The foiegoing is from “the Birmingham
 Mercury,” and is a pretty full endorsement
 of the oonduct of the Draymen and others
 who took part in the assault upon the "Aus
 trian Butcher For our part, we shudder at
 the thought of giving the slightest encourage*
 ment to mob violence in any circumstances
 whatever. It is a dangerous and barbarous
 mode of dealing with a supposed wrong doer.
 Besides, we never divest s scene like the one
 described of lust meanest of hnrnan wicked
 ness, cowardice. Three or four hundred men
 assaulting one man, (no matter how much
 he may deserve the chastisement,) is never
 grateful to our eyes. We have two often
 suffered such rude violence ourselves to have
 sympathy with its manifestations in any form
 whatsoever. There is no question as to the
 hateful character of Haynau. His deeds of
 blood and shame are known to the whole
 world, and humanity should find some appro
 priate mode of expressing its sense of abhor
 rence of such moral monsters. But away
 with all mobs for this purpose. There are
 other and better modes of punishment. Let
 uch an enemy of the human rsoe, such a
 cold-blooded hyena as is this Haynau, be
 shunned and detested. Let him read in every
 human face upon which he gazes, the deep
 aversion with which he is tegarded. But let
 no violent hand be laid upon him less the
 murderer should for one moment fancy
 himself a martyr.
 We observe that the Americans are de
 lighted with the London reception of this
 whippet of Hungarian women. We bid
 them beware, lest they plait a scourge frt
 the backs of some of their own distinguished
 countrymen. Haynau is not the only wo
 msn-flogger in the world, nor is Austria the
 only country where such monsters reside
 There are American, as well as Austrian,
 monsters of this continent. They hunt men
 with blood-hounds, tear their flesh with the
 claws of living eats, burn their flesh with but
 irons, cut off the ears of living women, and i
 otherwise torment, maltreat, and abuse them.
 These are American slaveholders—democrat
 icand Christian slaveholders. Now there is
 not one word said above in justification of the
 assault and ignominy, heaped upon this
 Austrian maideter, that should not be said in
 defence of extending similar treatment to any
 American slaveholder who may dare to place
 his foot on British soil.—r. o.
LAWS OF THE UNITED STATES.
 An Act to amend and supplemtary
 to the act entitled “An act respecting
 fugitives from justice and persons es
 caping from the service of their mas
 ters," approved February twelfth, one
 thousand seven hundred and ninety
 three.
 Be it enacted by the Senate and
 House of Representatives of the United
 States of America, in Congress asaeun*
 bled, That the persons who have beam
 or may hereafter be appointed com
 missioners, iu virtue of any act of Con
 gress, by tbe circuit courts of the
 United States, and who, in consequence
 of such appointment, are authorised
 to exercise the powers that any justice
 of the peace, or other magistrates of
 any of tbeUaited States, may exercise
 in respect to offenders for any crime
 or offence against the United States,
 by arresting, imprisoning, or bailing
 the same under and by virtue of the
 thirty-third section of tbe act of the
 twenty-fourth of September, seventeen
 hundred and eighty-nine, entitled “An
 act to establish the judicial courts of
 the United States," shall be, and are
 hereby, authorized and required to ex
 ercise and discharge all the the powers
 and duties conferred by this act.
 §2. And be it further enacted, That
 the superior court of each organized
 Territory of the United States, shall
 have the the same power to appoint
 commissioners to take acknowledg
 ments of bail and affidavits, and to
 take depositions of witnesses in civil
 causes, which is now possessed by the
 circuit court of tbe United States; and
 all commissioners who shall hereafter
 be appointed for such purposes by the
 superior court of any organised Terri
 tory of the United States, shall possess
 all the powers, and exercise all the
 dntiee conferred by* law upon the com
 missioners appointed by the United
 States for the similar purposes, nod
 shall moreover exercise and discharge
 all the powers and duties conferred by
 this set,
 3. And be it further enacted, That
 the circuit courts of tbe Unitpd States,
RIGHT IS OF NO SEX; TRUTH IS OF NO COLOR; GOD IS THE FATHER OF US ALL; AND ALL MEN ARE BRETHREN
and the superior courts of each or
 gknfezed Territory of the United States,
 shall ftoni tine to time enlarge th«
 number of commissioners, with a vies
 to afford reasonable facilities to reclain
 fugitives from labor, and to the prompi
 discharge of the dutioe imposed by thii
 act.
 4. And be it further enacted, Thai
 the commissioners above named shal
 have concurrent jurisdiction with th&lt;
 judges of the circuit and district court!
 of the United States in tbei/resp—««v&lt;
 circuits and districts withirfthe severe
 States, and the judge of the superioi
 courts of the Territories, severally ami
 1 collectively, in-term-time and vacation;
 and shall grant certificates to sucti
 claimants, upon satisfactory proofbe
 ing made, with authority to take and
 remove such fugitives from service 01
 labor, under the restrictions herein
 contained, to the State or Territory
 from which such persons may have
 escaped or fled.
 5. And be it further enacted, Thai
 it shall be the duty of ail marshals and
 deputy marshals to obey, and execute
 all warrants and precepts issued undei
 the provisions of this act when to then
 directed; and should any marshal oi
 deputy marshal refuse to receive sucl
 warrant or other process when ten
 dered, or to use all proper means dili
 gently to execute the same, he shall,
 on conviction thereol, be fined in the
 sum of one thousand dollars, to the
 use of such claimant, on the motion oi
 such claimant, by the circuit or districl
 court for the district of such marshal;
 and after arrest |of such fugitive bj
 such marshal or his deputy, or whilsi
 at any time in his custody under the
 provisions under this act, should sucti
 fugitive escape, whether with or with
 out the assent of such marshal cr hit
 deputy, such marshal shall be .liable on
 his official. bond to be prosecuted for
 the benefit of such claimant for the full
 value of the service or labor, of said
 fugitive, in the State, territory or dis
 trict when he escaped; and the better
 to enable the said commissioners, whe n
 thus appointed, to execute their duties
 faithfully and efficiently, in conformity
 with the requirements of the Constitu
 tion of the United States, and of this
 act, they are hereby authorized and
 empowered, within their countries re
 spectively, to appoint, in writing under
 their hands, any one or more suitable
 persons, from time to time, to execute
 all such warrants and other process as
 may be issued by them in the lawful
 performance of their respective duties;
 with authority to such commissioners,
 or the persons to be appointed by them,
 to execute process as aforesaid, to
 summon and call to their aid the by
 standers, or posse comiiatus of the pro
 per country, when necessary to ensure
 •a faithful observance of the clause ol
 the Constitution referred to, in con
 formity with the provisions of this act;
 and all good citizens are hereby com
 manded to aid and assist in the prompt
 and efficient execution of this law,
 whenever tneir services may be re
 quired, as aforesaid far that purpose;
 and said warrants shall run, and b«
 executed by said officers anywhere ic
 the State within which they are issued
 6. And be it further enacted, Thai
 when a person held to service or laboi
 in any State or Territory of the Unitet
 States, has heretofore, shall hereaftei
 escape into another State or Territory
 of the United States, the person oi
 persons to whom such service or laboi
 may be due, or his, her, or their agen
 or attorney, duly authorized by powei
 of attorney, in writing, acknowledge!
 and certified under the seal of somi
 legal officer or court of the State -o
 Territory in which the same may b&lt;
 executed, may pursue and reclaim sucl
 fugitive person, either by procuring i
 warrant from some one of th# courts
 judges, or commissioners aforesaid, o
 the proper circuit, district, or county
 for the apprehension of such fugitive
 from service or labor, or by seizing
 and arresting such fugitive, where th«
 same can be done without process, ant
 by taking, or causing such person tc
 be taken, forthwith before such court
 judge, or commissioner, whose duty n
 shall be to hear and determine the cast
 of such claimant in a summary manner:
 and upon satiafactsry proof being made,
 by deposition or affidavit, in writing,
 to be taken and certified by such court,
 judge, or commissioner, or by othei
 satisfactory testimony, duly taken anc
 certified by some court, magistrate,
 justice of the peace, or other legal
 officer authorized to administer an oath
 and take depositions under the laws ol
 the State or Territory from which such
 person owing service or labor may
 have escaped, with a certificate ol
 such' magistracy or other authority, as
 aforesaid, with the seal of the proper
 court or officer thereto attached, which
 seal shall be sufficient to establish the
 competency of the proof, and with
 proof, also by affidavit, of the identity
 ‘of the person whose service or labor is
 claimed to be due aa aforesaid, that the
 person so arrested does in fact owe
 service or labor to the person or per
 sons claiming him or her, in the State
 or Territory from which auch fugitive
 may have escaped as aforesaid, and
 that said person escaped, to make out
 and deliver to auch claimant, his or
 her agent or attorney, a sertificate set
 ting forth the substantial facts as to the
 service or labor due from auch fugitive
 to the claimant, and of his or her es
 cape from the State or Territory in
 which such service or labor was due,
 to the State or Territory in which he
 or she was arrested, with authority to
 such claimant, or hia or her agent or
 attorney, to use such reasonable force
 and restraint as my be neceeeary, no
ROCHESTER, N. Y., THURSDAY, OCTOBER 3, 1850.
der the circumstance* of the can, to
 take and remove such fugitive person
 back to the State or Territory whence
 be or ahe may have escaped a* afore.
 •aid. In no trial or knariog, under
 thia act, shall the testimony of such
 alleged fugitive be admitted in evi
 dence; and the certificates in this, and
 the first section .mentioned, shall be
 conclusive of the right of the person or
 persona m whose favor granted, to re
 move such fugitive to the State or
 Territory from which he escaped, and
 shall prevent ail molestation of such
 person or persons, b y any process
 issued by any court, judge, magistrate,
 or other person, womsoever.
 Sec. 6. And be it further enacted,
 That any person who shall knowingly
 and willingly obstruct, hinder, or pre
 vent such claimant, his agent or attor
 ney, or any person or persona lawfully
 assisting him, her, or them, from ar
 resting such a fugitive from service or
 labor, either with or without process
 as aforesaid; or shall rescue or attempt
 to rescue such fugitive from service or
 labor, from the custody of such claim
 ont, his or her agent or attorney, or
 ather person or persons lawfully
 ing as aforesaid, when so arrested,
 pursuant to the authority herein given
 and d dared; or shall aid, abet, or as-l
 sist such person so owning service or
 labor as aforesaid, directly or indirect
 ly, to escape from such claimnnt, his
 agent or attorney, or other person or
 persons legally authorized asaforeaaid;
 or shall harbor or conceal such fugi
 tive, so as to prevent tbe discovery and
 arrest of such person, after notice or
 knowledge of the tact that such person
 was a fugitive from service or labor as
 aforesaid, shall, for either of said
 offences, be subject to a fine not ex
 ceeding one thousand dollars, and im
 prisonment not exceeding six months,
 by incident and conviction before the
 district court of the Unitecf States for
 the district in which such offence may
 have been committed, or before the
 proper court of criminal jurisdiction, if
 committed within any one of the organ
 ized territories of the United States;
 and shall moreover forfeit and pay, by
 way of civil damages to the party in
 jured by such illegal conduct, the sum
 of one thousand dollars, for such fugi
 tive so lost aa aforesnid, to be recov
 ered by action of debt, in any of the
 districts or territorical courts aforesaid,
 within whose jurisdiction the said
 offence may have been committed.
 Sec. 8. And be it further enacted,
 That tbe marshals, their deputies, and
 the clerks of the said district and terri
 torial courts, shall be paid for their
 services the like fees as may be allowed
 to them for similar services in other
 cases; and where such services are
 rendered exclusively in the arrest,
 custody, and delivery of the fugitive to
 the claimant, his or her agent or at
 torney, or where such supposed fugi
 tive mas be discharged out of custody
 for the want of sufficient proof as afore
 said, then suen fees are to be paid in
 the whole by such claimant, his agent
 or attorney; and in all casea where the
 proceedings are before a commissioner,
 he shall be entitled to a fee of ten dol
 lars in full for his services in each
 case, upon the delivery of the said cer
 tificate to the claimant, his or her
 agent or attorney; or a fee of five dol
 lars in cases where the proof shall not,
 in the opinion of such commissioner,
 warrant such certificate and delivery,
 inclusive of all services incident to
 such arrest and examination, to be
 paid in either case, by the claimant,
 his or her agent, or attorney. The
 person or persons authorized to execute
 the process to be issued by such com
 missioners for the arrest and detention
 of fugitives from services or labor as
 aforesaid, shall also be entitled to a
 fee of five dollars each for each person
 he or they may arrest and take before
 any sucb commissioner as aforesaid, at
 the instance and request of such claim
 ant, with such other fees as may be
 deemed resonable by such commis
 sioner for such other additional ser
 vices as may be necessarily performed
 by him or them; such as attending at
 the examination, keeping the fugitive
 in custody, and providing him with food
 and lodging during his detention, and
 until the final determination of such
 commissioner; and in general for per
 forming such other duties as may be
 required by such claimant, his or her
 attorney or agent, or commissioner in
 the premises, such fees to be made up
 io conformity with the fees usually
 charged by tbe officers of tbe courts of
 justice within the proper district or
 county, as near as may be practicable,
 and paid by such claimant*, their
 ageata or attorneys, whether such sup
 posed fugitives from service or labor
 be ordered to be delivered to such
 claimants by the final determination of
 such commissioners or not.
 Sec. 9. And be it further enacted,
 That upon affidavit made by the claim
 ant of auch fugitive, his agent or at
 torney, after such certificate has been
 issued, that he has reason to apprehend
 that suck fugitive will be rescued by
 force from bis or their possession be
 fore be can be taken beyond (he limits
 of the State in which tbe arrest is
 made, it shall be the duty of the officer
 making the arrest to retain such fugi
 tive ia his custody, and to remove Kim
 to the State from whence he fled, and
 there to deliver him to said claimant,
 hi* agent, or attorney. And to thia
 end, the officer aforesaid is hereby au
 thorized and required to employ so
 many persons as he may deem neces
 sary to overcome auch force, and to
 retain them in his service so long as
 circumstances may require.—The as Id
 officer and bis assistants, white so ate*
terms— $2 per lull, liTirtiMj Ei Mraict.
ployed, to receive the same compen
 sation, aod to be allowed the same ex
 penses, as are now allowed by law for
 transportation of criminals, to be cer
 tified by the judge of the district with
 in which the arrest is made, and paid
 out of the treasury of the United
 States.
 Sec. 111. And be it further enacted,
 That when any person held to service
 or labor in any State or Territory, or
 in Uut District of Goluaabia. shall es
 cape therefrom, the party to whom
 such service or labor shall be due, his,
 her, or their agent or attorney, may
 apply to any court of record therein,
 or judge thereof in vacation, and make
 satisfactory proof to such court, or
 judge in vacation, of the escape afore
 said, and that the person escaping
 owed service or labor to such party.
 Whereupon the court shall cause a
 record to be made of the matters so
 proved, and also a general description
 of the person so escaping, with such
 convenient certainty as may be; and a
 transcript of such record, authenti
 cated by the attestation of the clerk
 and of the seal of the said court, being
 produced in any other State, Territo
 ry, or district in which the person so
 escaping may be found, and, be*
 ing exhibited to any judge, commis
 sioner, or other officer authorized by
 the law of the United States, to cause
 persons escaping from service or labor
 to be delived up, shall be held and
 taken to be full and conclusive evi
 dence of the fact of escape, and that
 the service or labor of the person es
 caping is due to the party in such
 record mentioned. And upon the pro
 duction by the saia party of other and
 further evidence if necessary, either
 oral or by affidavit, in addition to what
 is contained in the said record of the
 identity of the person escaping, he or
 •he shall be delivered up t the claim
 ant. And the said court, commission
 er, judge, or other person authorized
 by this act to grant certificates to
 claimants of fugitives, shall, upon the
 production of the record and other evi
 dences aforesaid, grant to such claim
 ant a certificate of his light to take any
 such person identified jmd proved to
 be owing service or labor as aforesaid,
 which certificate shall authorize such
 claimant to seize or arrest and trans
 port such person to the State or Terri
 tory from which he escaped: Provided,
 That nothing herein contained shall he
 construed as requiring the production
 of a transcript of such record as evi
 dence as aforesaid.—But in its ab
 sence, the claim shall be heard and
 determined upon other satisfactory
 proofs, competent in law.
 HOWELL COBB,
 Speaker of the House of Representatives.
 WILLIAM R. KING.
 President of the Senate pro tempore.
 Approved Sep 18. 1850.
 MILLARD FILLMORE.
WESTERN LIVE STOCK—HIGH
 PRICES.
 Matslick, Ky. f Sep. 14.
 Mr. Horace Greeley —Dear Sir: At
 a public sale held in this neighborhood,
 Sept. 7, two black boys, belonging to
 Benj. Ball’s estate, sold one for $B5O,
 and the other for $640 —nineteen and
 sixteen years old. The one sixteen
 years old sold for $8 per lb. He
 weighed eight) pounds net: sBoxs7
 $640. Yours, &amp;.c.,
 DIDIMUS JONES.
 1 send you this for your Northern
 Abolitionists and fanatics to pick. 1
 see your particular friend Frederick
 Douglass has been cutting quite a
 swell at the Battery in New-York, with
 two.women of white complexion, for
 w!i ch impudence he got thumped. Well
 done and right!
 fCJ* Mr Jones is assured that we
 consider the above information cheap
 at the ten cents it cost us, and if he
 shall hear of any more 'transactions’
 as interesting, we will thank him to
 send them along. It is our effort and
 pride to make The Tribune compre
 hensive and comp lete in its Markets,
 and, though we have not had much to
 say of the Slave market, considering it
 rather a "peculiar institution,” yet if
 our Southern friends will furnish us
 the data, we will give that feature of
 our domestic commere all reesonable
 attention.
 As to Mr. Frederick Douglass, his
 crime consisted in consenting to show
 two English ladies, ignorant of the
 prejudice of color prevailing among us,
 their place of destination, they having
 missed their way. For this three or
 four of our white apostles of Democra
 cy and ihe larg a libe y fell upon
 him and beat lum severely. "Well
 done and right!” says Mr. Jones.
 Well*, if Jones’s visage is a villainous
 as his sentiments, there can be no
 danger that decent women will ever in
 volve him in a beating by asking him
 to show them their way. So he can
 afford to exult in the beating of others
 under like circumstances. Ed.
 The above is from iheNew-Yo'k Tribune.
 It is kind of Mr. Greeley to find some valid
 excuse for the out rage commuted by me
 of being in coropaoy with two ‘icAtle women'
 on the Battery, at New York. YefT must
 disclaim one tact generously designed to es
 tablish my innocence and to vindicate me
 in the public eye. Those lsdies bad not
 oaed their way, I accompanied them jusi
 as any man would accompany his friends any
 where in broad day-light—not aa a servant or
 alive, but aa a friendr. o.
 Authorship in, according to the spir
 it in which it is pursued, an infamy, a
 pastime, a handicraft,aa art, a science,
 a virtu#.— Slim Cook’* Ja*r**t.
WHOLE NO. 145.
AMUSEMENT.
 There is a more profound meaning
 in the word “Amusement” than most
 people are disposed to admit. There
 is a philosophy in amusement, as well
 as in education; indeed, we have no
 hesitation in averring that amusement
 is a most important part of education.
 Of course, there are many kinds oj
 amusement, varying according to the
 degree of moral and intellectual cnl
 4k“** In I hem.
 There are the low amusements of the
 groes and uneducated, whom society
 has allowed to grow up in in its midst,
 with minds untrimed and uulaught,
 with tastes unrefined by intercourse
 with art or letters, who are narrowed
 in all their sources of pleasure and
 enjoyment. To these the butal exhibi
 tion of a dog-fight is a saturnalia of
 enjoyment— an enjoyment which is
 level with the meanest capacity, and
 no other.
 How different the amusement of the
 intelligent and refined—such an inter
 course with the beauties of nature, a
 ramble through a beautiful country
 full of historic associations, a concert
 of exquisite music, a picture exhibi
 tion, a soiree, an agreeable book, or
 an evening’s delightful conversation
 with intelligent persons. Then there
 are out of-doors amusements; the man
 ly games, of which the healthful game
 of cricket is one of the most cheerful
 and exciting.
 The occupations of a very large
 portion of our town population are
 sedentary and unwholesome, and re
 quire, for health’s sake, a frequent re
 laxation in game of this latter sort
 which brings a man’s muscles into
 action, and healthfully excites all It he
 organic functions of the system. What
 is better calculated to blow away the
 vapors from the brain, and to give a
 thorough fresh-airing to the blood, than
 the breeze blowing across the heath,
 while the cricket is actively engaged
 in batting, balling, fielding, and the
 other exercise of the game? Every
 muscle is put into action; he mist run,
 and play his limbs actively, the use ol
 which, while sitting at his city desk,
 he had well nigh forgotten. He must
 be all alive—he makes the green car
 pet of turf fly from under him, while
 the welcome breeze plays around his
 head. He is cheerful and full of good
 humor; care and Anxiety are banish
 ed; and lumbago, head-ache, or gout
 is driven further from him in every
 run that he takes. He goes to bed
 well tired, and then enjoys the pro
 found and refreshing slumber which he
 has earned on the cricket ground;
 rising in the morning clear beaded,
 and renovated in health and strength.
 It is a mistake to suppose that the
 man who plays at cricket, or who
 otherwise amuses himself in active ex
 ercise during the intervals of business,
 is wasting his time. Amusement is not
 waste of time, but rather economy of
 life. Relax frequently, if you would
 en joy good health during a long period
 of existence. If you relax not, and
 take no amusement-—that is, if your
 calling should not itself, be constant
 exercise—then you will mentally suf
 fer, in the pangs of indigestion, in
 weak and unhealthy lungs, in cold and
 rhumatisins, and in all the penalties
 which attend confinement and sedenta
 ry occupation.
 Man has a strong natural appetite
 for relaxation and amusement, and like
 all other natural appetites, it has been
 implanted in us for a wise purpose. It
 is not to be repressed, but will break
 out in one form or other. If we provide
 not the opportunity for enjoying whole
 .me amusements, men will certainly
 find out vicious ones for themselves.
 There are, we believe, some people
 in the world who, under mistaken
 notions, would if they had the pow r,
 hang the heavens about with crape;
 pick the bright stars from tee sky; veil
 the sun with clouds, because of his
 shining too merrily on the gay earth;
 pluck the silver moon from her place
 in the firmament, no more to brighten
 the young wooers who laughed and
 loved under her beams; throw a shroud
 on the beautiful and lifeheaving bosom
 of this fair planet; shut up our gardens
 and fields, and all the sweet flowers
 with which they are bedecked, and
 doom eur world to an atmosphere of
 gloom and chferlessness. Bnt there
 is no reason or morality in this, and
 still less religion. A benevolent Cre
 ator has endowed man with an eminent
 capacity for enjoyment, set him in a
 fair and lovely world, surrouoded him
 with things good and beautiful, and
 given him the dispositon to love, to
 sympathize, to produce, to co-operate,
 to enjoy; and thus to become an
 honorable and happy being, bringing
 God’s work to perfection, and suiting
 the divine creation in the midst of which
 he lives.
 Who knows not that the heart of
 man is greatly influenced by the moral
 atmosphere which he breathes; and
 that he is disposed to an affinity with
 the good, very much io proportion as
 his spirits are kept in that genial tone
 which their relaxation promotes. Make
 a man happy, and his actions will be
 happy too; but doom him to dismal
 thoughts and miserable oircumstai*ces,
 and you make him gloomy, discontent
 ed, morose, and probably vicious.
 Hence coarseness and crime aye
 invariably found among those war
 have been accustomed to be cheerful,
 whose hearts have been shut against
 the portfying influences of a happy
 oesaraunion with nature, or an enlight
 ened and cheerful intercourse with
 And yet all, even the meanest of
tramaii beings, (if any human beings
 csn be ness,} possess tbs sense to
 SSfnattJ twa
 g 5« W«|| ail ranks in tbs
 W h 7 ehosW not this
 MblT £f “nfoWmg the
 nooio powersand affections of men?
 ,h
 be thrown freely open to the classes
 who now waste their long hours in
 consuming toil, cut off fix*? all hisher
 pleasures, and impelled too often by
 the strong lore of excitement, to seek
 a deceitful solace in sensual excess
 •fter escaping from the burdee of their
 d »»ly care and labor? —Eliza Cook,
Th* Secret of Good Writiko
 Ihe grand secret of good writing
 i seems to lie id this simple rrmtim ffg
 9Ut€ Jfou kote on idea he fort you attempt
 to express it. If you clearly compre
 hend io your own mind itkat you wish
 to communicate, nature and reason to
 i aether, with a little practice, will roost
 certainly teach you hou&gt; to *ay K, and
 ho 10 k 7 *n appropriate manner.
 A single idea is fully sufficient for
 one mind to manage at one time. And
 I it may be added that if the idea is one
 i »f importance, it would be roost
 dignified by being honored with a pri
 vate carriage.
 Omar mm confer ts as vaiuaT.je a
 rule in literary, as well as in military
 tacncs The more extensive the theme
 Which the writer proposes to himself to
 discuss, the lets, usually, he has to say
 upon it. Such subjects can be master
 ed with ease only by descending from
 generals to particulars, and treating
 of the topics in their individual parts.
 There is nothing more popular, es
 pecially with young writers, than bril
 liancy of style. f bis manner of wri
 ting is certainly excellent in its proper
 place, hut there are many topics which
 do not require this quality, and many
 indeed which are much injured by it.
 The language of every dissertation
 should be subservient to the thought
 and should be that which is best cal
 culated to express the thought in the
 happiest manner.
 As the rays of the sun will not en
 kindle a blaze unless brought to a fo
 cus, so the thoughts of a writer will
 not set the hearts of his readers on fire
 unless all ore made to converge to a
 single point.
 Some writers seem unable ever to
 express themselves in a cool, calm, ra
 tional manner on any subject. With
 them every virtue is godlike, every
 fault a felony, every breeze a tempest,
 and every molehill a mountain. They
 appear to think their manner of writing.
 Sublimity; but their judicious readers
 (if they have any such) call it Turgid
 ity and Absurdity.
 The design of language is to give
 expression to thought—that style of
 writing therefore must necessary be the
 best which most rapidly, clearly, and
 perfectly conveys to the reader’s mind
 what the writer intended ho should un
 derstand.— Goethe.
The Gourh block of English Char
 acter.—But who aays the Engliah
 peasant is dull and unvaried in his char
 acter? To be sure, lie hns not the
 wild wit, the voluble tongue, the reck
 less fondness for laughing, dancing ca
 rousing, ,„d the Irieh
 peasant; nor the grave, plodding hab
 its and intelligence of the Scotch one.
 He may be said, in his own phraseolo
 gy, to be “betwixt and between.” He
 has wit enough when it is wanted; ho
 can be merry enough when there is
 occasion; he is ready fora row when
 his blood is well up; and he will take
 to his book, if you will give him a
 schoolmaster. W hat is he, indeed,
 but the rough block of English charac
 ter Hew him out of the quarry of ig
 norance; dig him out of the slough of
 everlasting labor; chissel him, and pol
 ish him; and he will come out whatev
 er you please. What is the staff of
 which your armies have been chiefly
 made, but this English peasant? Who
 won yourCressys, your Agincourts,
 your Quebecs, your Indies, East and
 West, and your Waterloos, but the
 English peasant, trimmed and trained
 into the game-cock of war? How
 many of them have been carried off to
 man your fleets, to win your Camper
 downs and Trafalgars? and when they
 come ashore again, were no longer the
 simple, slouching Simons of the village;
 but jolly tars, with rolling gait, quid in
 mouth, glazed hats, with crowns of one
 inch high, and brims of five wide, and
 with as much glib slang, and glib
 money to treat the girls with, as any
 Jack of them all —William How it t.
The English Peasant. —ln the
 north of England, where they give
 him a cottage and his food, and keep
 no more of his species than will just do
 the work, letting all the rest march off
 to the Tyne collieries, he is a very pa
 tient creature; and if they did not show
 him books, would not wince at ail. So
 in the iens of Lincolnshire, Cambridge
 shire, and Huntingdon, and on many a
 fat and clayey level of England, where
 there are no resident gentry, and but
 here and there a farm-house, you may
 meet the English peasant iq his most
 sluggish and benumbed condition. He
 is then a long-legged, staring creature,
 considerably "lower than the angels,"
 who, if you ask him a question, gapes
 like an Indian frog, which, when its
 mouth is open has its head half off;
 and neither understands your language
 nor if he did could grasp your ideas.
 He is there a walking lump, a thing
 with members, but verv little member
 ship with the intellectual world; but
 with a soul as stagnant as one of his
 own dykes. All that has been want
 ing in him has been cultivated, and ia
 there—good sturdy limbs, to plow and
 sow, reap and mow, and feed builocka;
 and even in those operations, his sin
 ews have been half superceded by
 machinery. There never was any need
 of his mind; and, therefare, it never
 has been minded.— William Howitt.
PiTTMumGH, Sept. 2e. Great ex
 citement prevails here among 0117 color
 ed population, on account of the pas
 sage of the Fugitive Slave Bill.—A
 party of seventeen negroes, who had
 previously been slaves, started on
 Saturday, armed to the teeth with pis
 tols and bowie-knives, en route to
 Canada. Small parties are leaving
 daily, 1
"
