"sl)t Kuril) Star.
ROCHESTER, OCTOBER IM»-
 The North Btaß w mtootime* teat to friend*
 who do not take the paper, ia the hope that they
 may «ee fit to subscribe for it, Subscriptions and
 donatio A for the «u» mmy be safely enclosed, ad
 dressed to Frederic* Doronss, Rochester,
 N. Y.
 (^■Wihtid —Several TitavKU.ua Aoksts,
 to procare subscribers for the North Star. A
 liberal commission will be given. None need apply
 but such as can bring good recommendations for
 industry, accuracy and honesty. Apply to Fred
 erick Douglass, Rochester, N. Y.
To our Subscribers.-— ln several contem
 porary anti-slavery journals, we have recently
 seen a notice to “subscribers,” We shall
 take the hint thus afforded us, and request all
 subscribers in arrears for this paper to favor
 ua by teaming the amounts due, through the
 post. Let each friend of the cause exert
 himself to increase the circulation of our pa
 per hy obtaining one new subscriber.
The Anti-Slavery Sewing Circle will
 meet at Mis. Isaac Post’s, 36 Sophia St.,
 on Saturday next, October sth, at 2 o’clock.
 All friends who are interested in the cause of
 the oppressed and perishing slave are re
 spectfully invited to attend. Punctuality is
 paulvulaiTy requested.
We beg to call the attention of our benev
 olent readers to the very unpretending appeal
 which we have published for several weeks
 past, issued by the “the Woman’s Associa
 tion of Philadelphia.” The anti-slavery
 Ladies’ whe comprise this association are
 among the most intelligent, devoted, and
 efficient promoters of the emancipation of
 our enslaved brothers and sisters. Their
 example, and their efforts speak trum
 pet tongued in their behalf and pro
 claim them highly deserving the warm
 hearted sympathy and active co-operation of
 all who earnestly strve for the abolition of sla
 very, and the elevation of the nominally
 Free colored people of this land.— f. d.
Fugitive Slaves. —We learn that Orlando
 Hastings, Esq., has been appointed by
 Judge Gtidley, a commissioner under the law
 for the recapture of fugitive slaves.
 The Rochester Democrat ia our authority fur
 the above announcement. Whether Mr. Hast
 ings has accepted the office thus conferred
 upon him, we believe haa not yet transpired.
 For the credit of the city of Rochester and
 Western New York, it iq to be hoped that
 Mr. Hastings will spurn with scotn and in
 dignation the hell-created office, and treat the
 proposal of Judge Gtidley, as an impudent
 insult to his humanity. We shall forbeai fur
 ther comments now. But when we know
 who the blood-hound commissioner of this
 county is, we shall give due warning to our
 hunted people of the fact.— f. d.
Stage-Coach meanness in Rochester.—
 Mrs. Williams, of Webster, (a town 12 miles
 distant from this city,) has been twice refused
 a passage in the stage that runs between
 Rochester and Oswego, and has thus been
 delayed three or four days beyond the time
 she had allotted fur her visit. This mean
 ness and cruelty of the stage company ate
 additionally aggravated by the fact, that Mis.
 William’s name had been regularly entered
 on the company’s book, and her fare duly
 paid, but in each instance, the driver when he
 called and found that hts intended passenger
 was a colored woman, took it upon himself
 to refuse her a seat, and while in the act of
 driving his hoises away from the door, he
 threw her money conlemptously on the
 giound. We hope that this will not be the
 last that we shall hear of a transaction which
 so justly requires legal tedress.—r. d.
The First Victim under the New Fu
 gitive Slave Bill.— We have copied into
 another column, (fiom“the Journal of. Co
 mmerce,”) the proceeding# recenily had in the
 case of James Hamlet, claimed as a slave of
 Mrs. Brown of Baltimore. Our readers will
 see, by that report, that the attrocions work
 of slave-catching has already commenced.
 That the success of this lemale kidnapper
 will go far to encourage and sharpen the ap
 petites of many other hungry human flseh
 mnugers at the South, we have no doubt; and
 that many other arrests and recaptures will
 speadily lake place, we a«e equally certain.
 We are, as a people, almost hopelessly un
 protected. We are all at the mercy of a band
 of blood-hound commissioners/' who by the
 very act of taking upon themselves that office,
 prove that they are as ready to enslave the
 free, as to return the fugitive slave to bond
 age.—r. d.
A Diacocasc, Delivered before the Historical
 Society oj Pennsylvania by Thomas S.
 Kami.
 Without exception, this is one of the roost
 entertaining, eloquent and exciting publica
 tions with which it has recently been our
 privilege to meet from the American press.
 Mr. Kane has thrown light upon a trans
 action of which very little was before known;
 although that transaction involved the com
 mission of outrages the most cruel and mon
 strous against humanity, and strikingly illus
 trates the feebleness of the American gov
 ernment in protecting human rights, and the
 hollowness of that boast of civil and religious
 liberty which is so constantly and pertina
 ciously insisted upon as peculiar to the United
 States. The author of this address is entitled
 to great praise for the fidelity and boldness
 with which he has brought the case of the
 Mormons before the American people and
 unless the American press is entirely fettered
 by the prejudice of the people against that
 persecuted and hated community, he will
 surely have that praise awarded him. Un
 fortunately, however, for him, his fine powers
 are devoted to a sect evetywhere spoken
 against, and it is possible that this splendid
 effort of his will share, to some extent, the
 fate of the people whose sorrows and suffer
 ings he l)8i so vividly and powerfully por
 trayed.
 The Mormons, or Latter Day Saints,”
 as they are called, were the industrious build
 ers and happy inhabitants of Nauvoo, a beau
 tiful city on the upper Miteistippi. They ate
 •akl to have numbered twenty thousand eoule,
 and to have been remarkable for their activity,
 skill, sobriety, frugality, and for the ardor of
 their religious seal.
 Their prosperity (which was great) fxcited
 the envy and malice of their neighbors, who,
 not possessing the virtue to copy the good ex
 ample set them, meanly resolved upon the,
destruction of that example itself; and, to the
 shame of the American government be it told,
 a war was permitted to be waged against this
 religious community, which resulted in their
 final expulsion from their city, and their exile
 into a far-off country, beyond the Rocky
 Mountains.
 The pamphlet before us presents a graphic
 picture of Nauvoo, as it appeared immediately
 after its desertion by its once happy and thriv
 ing people. No one devoid of prejudice can
 read this portraiture of desolation without
 emotions of sympathy for the exiled Mor
 mons, and the deepest detestation of the
 guilty perpetrators of this moat wanton and
 unprovoked cruelty.
 Mr. Kane thus describee the appalling
 scene of the depopulated city. The spin
 ning wheel was idle the carpenter had gone
 from his work-bench and shavings, his unfin
 ished sash and casing; fresh bark was in the
 tanner’s vat, and the freefa chopped light
 wood stood piled against the baker’s oven
 the blacksmith’s shop was cold, but his coal
 heap and ladling pool and crooked water horn
 wero all there. If 1 went into the gardens,
 clicking the wicket latch loudly after me, to
 pull the marigolds, heartease, and ladyslips,
 and to draw a drink with the water-ladder
 well bucket and its noisy chain, or knocking
 off with my stick, the tall, heavy-headed
 A-htico aim sumiowers, hunted over the beds
 for cucumbers and love-apples, no one called
 out to me from any open window, or dog
 sprang forward to bark an alarm. I could
 have supposed the people hidden in their
 houses, but the doora were unfastened. I
 found dead ashes white on the hearths, as
 walking down the aisle of a country church,
 to avoid rousing irreverent echoes from the
 naked floors. Un the outskirts of the town
 was the city graveyard but there was no
 record of plague there, nor did it in auy wise
 differ from any other American protestant
 cemeteries. Some of the mounds were not
 long sodded some of the stones were newly
 set, their dates recent, and their black in
 scriptions glossy in the mason’s hardly dried
 lettering ink. Beyond the graveyard, out in
 the fields, I saw in one spot hard by where
 the fruitsd boughs of a young orchard had
 been rudely torn down—the still smouldering
 embers of a barbecue that had been construct
 ed of rails of the fencing around it. It was
 the latest sign of life there. Fields upon
 fields of heavy-headed, yellow gram lay rot
 ting ungathered upon the ground. No one
 was at hand to take in their rich harvest.”
 Baring the author’s long sentences and bad
 grammar, (he will, we trust, pardon us,) the
 above may be considered an excellent speci
 men of his poetic tuin of mind and hia fine
 powers of observation. Wo can easily fancy
 his feelings as he threaded his lonesome way
 through the doomed city.
 They who would understand and appreciate
 the chaiacter of the mysterious people under
 considetation, and would learn a lesson of
 perseverance and patience under discourage
 ments the most disheaileuing, trials and hard
 ships the most appalling, sufferings the most
 intense and grievous, cannot do better than
 read this brief sketch by Mr. Kane of the ex
 pulsion and the final exile of the Mormon
 people from their peaceful habitation on the
 banks of the upper Mississippi to their pres
 ent location beyond the Rocky Mountains,
 upon the shores of Salt Lake.—r. n.
The Black-phobia in Rochester.
 Though the inhabitant* of this city have
 been mercifully preserved, almost wholly,
 from the frightful ravages of cholera to which
 Jthers have been exposed in our land, they
 cannot claim exemption from our peculiarly
 national epidemic, viz; madness at color."
 While it cannot be faithfully said that this
 malady exists here to such an extent as in
 many other places—still, here it is and it is
 fraught with *he same m schief here as else*
 where. The manifestations of this disease
 are different in different persons, but they are
 all striking and unmistakable. One is never
 at a loss to determine what the disease is
 when the proper tests are applied, at least
 such has been the experience of our whole
 practice.
 We propose, in the present brief investiga
 tion, to give our readers the true method by
 which they may asceitain to an absolute cer
 tainty as to the presence of vhe" Black-phobia,"
 either in communities or in individuals. It is
 necessary to establish some general rule by
 which quick and certain conclusions may be
 arrived at in any and every given case. But
 in order to do this, it is essential that we point
 out the ineufficiency of some of the methods
 by which the absence of the disease is often
 attempted to be established.
 First, then, the fact that a white man or
 woman is willing to be waited upon at the
 dining table by a person of sable hue, does
 not necessarily prove that the white man or
 white woman is fee from the loathsome disease
 denominated above as black-phobia.” By
 some inexplicable relation subsisting between
 the two, the horrid virus seems soothed rather
 than excited by the presence of black persons
 in the act of serving white persons with food.
 So fat from objecting to being served by col
 ored servants, our white fellow-citizens admit
 them to be among the most and
 attentive waiters in the world. In proof of
 this, we need only to point to the fact that
 this class of persons may be found in the vo
 cations of servants and waiters on board of
 the moat popular steamers and in the moat
 fashionable hotels of the United States.
 This, therefore, is no test of the presence of
 the vile plague.
 Secoodly—The fact that a white man or
 woman may be willing to be driven in a car
 riage by a colored driver, and to have that
 driver bold an umbrella over hia or her head,
 in a rain-storm, is no evidence whatever that
 such a person is free from the “black-phobia;”
 fur these gentle aer vices, when tendered in
 due menial obsequiousness, act as opiate*,
 and lull the black madness into aeren* repose,
 so that the disease is scarcely to be perceived
 by the most experienced practitioner*.
 Thirdly Nor must we be deceived into the
 belief that a man is free from this grievous
 distemper, simply because he will quietly «t
 in the chair of a colored barber and give to
 ihat baibet the entire freedom of bis face;
 lor the fact is, (and this ends our (legations,)
 that our mageanimous white fellow-citizens
 are always perfectly wiUmg to have either
 ‘heir pride, their indolence, or their ioter
 ests, subserved hy men, bo matter how bUck
 they be. Hue Might be proved by a
boat of evidence, end illustrated by uj
 amount of lieii.
 The tree test of freedom from blaek
 pbobia,” is to be found in to entire willing
 ness to associate on terms of equality with all
 men, irrespective of their complexion.' He
 who varies from this view, be it but io the
 estimation of single bair,” has the seeds of
 the diaeaae within him, and will only require
 a negro-hating atmosphere about him to make
 him “a ease” at once.—r. o.
 Incivility to Colored Persons In the
 Street.
 This is a spades of low brooding of which
 we have bad very little to complain since our
 residence in Rochester. t Our white fellow
 citixena, for the most put, whatever may be
 their private feelings on the subject of equal
 ity or negro inferiority, are generally suffi
 ciently mindful of the characteristics of gen
 tlemen and ladies, to treat us with perfect ci
 vility when they meet us in the street. But
 theTe are other*, (by no mean* the beet look
 ing put of our white community,) who have
 adopted the custom of making their mouths
 about as ugly as their hearts, the moment they
 see us. These parties are usually of the
 gentler sex, possessing a delectable tallow
 candle complexion; and, we may also add, they
 are generally ot lean and tallnw omD«
 dimensions. Now, to be laughed at, or to
 have months made at us by ladies who can
 display a good set of teeth when they venture
 to grin, or have some other mode of indicat
 ing their emotion, may be patiently borne
 with but to be laughed at, sneered at, and
 sneezed it by creatures so devoid of all per
 sonal charms as ere some of the lanky eras
 ures who indulge in this sport with us, is
 almost intolerable ar.d it would be quite so
 were it not for the relief that any expression
 affords to their cadaverous faces.—r. o.
Hutchinson Family.
 This delightful band of aweet songsters,
 children of the granite State, are to give a con
 cert in Corrinthian Hall on Saturday evening
 next. They come almost fresh from their
 mountain home, with all the advantage of good
 health and matured voicea. Abby, the Jenny
 Lind of America, is coming with the brothers.
 The contemplated concert will doubtless be
 one of the most brilliant musical entertain
 ment ever given in Rochester. Go and hear
 them, and swim your souls in a aea of melo
 dy.—r. v.
Letter No. V.
 My Dear Mrs. Howitt You will, I
 sm sure, be glad to hear that we have re
 cently had the pleasure of an interview with
 your friend, Miss Breaker. She passed
 through Rochester, en rout* to Niagara Falls,
 and although travelling rapidly, she did not
 leave the homesof our friend, Frederick
 Douglass, unvisited.
 The acquaintance I long since formed with
 the writings of Sweden's gifted authoress,
 and the gratification and amusement derived
 therefrom, had imbsed me with a strong desire
 to look upon her;but as she was ever associated
 in my mind with Norwegian and Swedish
 visions, I little thought that my first introduc
 tion to Frederika Bremer would take place
 in this far-off Western world, and under the
 roof of Frederick Douglass, once a slave, un
 der this glorious republic. This is, however,
 but another illustration of the adage that
 “Truth is often— stranger than fiction.”
 My interest in Sweden, its scenery and its
 domestic life, was created by reading The
 Neighbors,” and increased by all the works
 that followed from the same pen. The
 graphic sketch there given by Fransiska, o(
 the sweet home in the beautiful valley o!
 Roaenik, with its green woods, its crystal
 lake, 1 and its grey mountains, seemed calcu
 lated to allure the lover of nature thither;
 while, as a matter of course, one’s imagina
 tion would picture the tall and commanding
 figure of “ma chert nere advancing at the
 end of the long journey to receive the weary
 traveller with the due rites of Swedish hos
 pitality, and to press on him the bounties of
 Swedish housewifery.
 1 was once conversing with an impulsive
 friend of mine about Norway and Sweden.
 Together, we were lamenting that those
 Northern regions are so lutle travelled in by
 our adventurous cuuntrymeif; that the world
 of wonders therein contained has shed its
 lofty beauty but on the few and that, while
 the foot-fall of the English traveller is
 beard amid the highest passes of the Alps
 and the Appenines, its sound rarely bieak*
 the stillnestf of the stupendous Dovre range.
 Our enthusiasm kindled as we discoursed; and
 we half resolved to beat up recruits for a
 Scandinavian excursion, when sudden.y my
 friend was seized with a shivering fit, and our
 airy castle fellas be exclaimed, Bnt it’s so
 cold there!”
 I am inclihed to think that many a roamer
 has been stayed from experimenting upon
 Sweden by similar icy anticipations. He has
 perhaps become so enveloped in the die.ry
 mantle of a Swedish winter, that he has failed
 to discover tbe exquisitely lovely spring, re
 luming thither, in youth and joyousness,
 shedding beauty and warmth, song and fra
 grance, upon all around. And then who can
 picture all the loveliness of a Swedish sum
 mer My Northern visions have, it is true,
 been broken by many grand realities. I have
 felt the roll of the Atlantic, heard the roar of
 Niagara, and seen many of the wonders and
 beauties of this New World;” |&gt;ut I neve,
 tdke up one of Frederika tiremfer’s works
 without haviog an aspiration to glance into
 Borland,” even at the riak of coming withm
 the dominions of his majesty The Spirit of
 the North Pole”
 To you, who know this gifted authoress so
 well, it is needless to desciibe hei. Person
 ally, she is much whst i expected. Her
 engaging frankness, and cordiality of manner,
 won me at once; while her superior powers
 of conversation enchained me, and caused
 hours to pass, in her company, but aa
 minutes. I discovered at once that she is a
 woman of rare intellect, and possesses that
 something still than beauty dearer.” She
 conversed long aad earnestly with our friend,
 Frederick Doug!aas, upon the alavery sub
 ject and although she speaks good English,
 yet, ever and anon, as she paused to find tbe
 right word, 1 felt that our party was incom
 plete without you, dear Mrs. Howitt, to be tbe
 interpreter, sod to explainjthe various idioms
 that presented themselves. lam convinced
 that Mies Bremer is sincerely desirous of
 being impartial in her investigations, and I
doubt not but that, if sb« write a book upon
 thia country, it trill be remarkable for candor
 generosity. It ia not, however, to be
 coaonied that abe ia liaUe to many falae
 bteeoe (aa well aa other travellers) in the
 United States. The beat foot foremost,”
 a proverb not entirely monopolised by
 transatlantic nations. I aomeiirr.es think that
 Americana are eveo more anxious than oth
 ers to impress visitors from abroad favorably
 with their institutions; and ms the traveller in
 question is one of extraordinary distinction; it
 is easy to see that her food opinion wHI be
 eagerly sought after, and that more than
 ordinary efforts will be made to throw out of
 her view tbe enormous cruelties of slavery,
 and thn bitter prejudices cherished by the
 American people against the victims of their
 oppression.
 I was happy to find that Miss Bremer was
 accompanied to the Falla by the young and
 interesting American poet, James Russell
 Lowell; of whose genius you are already
 aware. He is one of the few in America
 who has nobly sacrificed a large share ol
 popular favor by his uncompromising hostility
 to slavery; an&lt;f he ia therefore well suited la
 the office of travelling companion to Mist
 Brpmer, for he may be able to explain away
 many of the sophist-tea with which Ameri
 cans often attempt to cover tbeir flagrant in
 consistencies. Mr. Lowsll reminded roe in
 appearance a good deal of our friend Mr
 George Dawson; but the poet looks all sun
 shine, and is quite devoid of that expressior
 of deep melancholy that (in the opinion o
 some) imparts so great an interest to the fee
 tares of our talented English friend. Tht
 visit of Miss Bremer and her companion af
 forded us much pleasure, ani will long h
 remembered, you may be sure.
 Ever years sincerely,
 J. G.
 Rochester, Sept. 27th 1860.
The Greek Slave.
Douglass:—Having -seen that ex
 quisite—almost celestial—product of Art, the
 statue of a Greek Slave, by Powers, now
 exhibiting in this city, will you allow me
 a corner in your columns in reference thereto
 The Greek Slave! what and whom is
 thereby intended? Of the original inception,
 in the artist’s mind, little is known; but the re
 sult is before us: A statue, the size of life, of
 a female human being, perfect in every linea
 ment and limb—in every line and feature, and
 almost breathing a prayer for mercy from the
 beholder, as he gazes upon her semi-angelic
 countenance, and listens for the clank of the
 chain and l iter sees upon her lovely limbs!
 Such an expression sf heart-riven, imploring
 innocence and purity, would rob the savage
 ness from a l&amp;ar, and tears from- the least
 sensitive of human eyes.
 The soul is oppressed in her angelic pres
 ence; sensualism leaves the heart at once,
 if it had intiuded there before; and while the
 eye is delighted with the triumph of a di
 vine art, the living spirit feels abashed and
 guilt stricken, that our race had evei
 become so devilish as to furnish the origins
 for such a copy! Chains chains !on ltmb«
 so human! Tears from such an heavenlt
 eye! and sighs of sorrow and shame from j
 bosom the purity loveliness and majesty o
 which, would challenge the admiration of be
 ings of a purer sphere
 Men become conscious of their own demer
 it in her presence, and are awed into silence
 or whispers, as they drink in the divine efful
 gence—the halo of heaven—in which sin
 seems to swim beforf the enraptured vision
 There idle curiosity yields to self-reproach
 and indifference to rapture, as the mind sur
 veys the touching and exquisite creation befort
 it; and the most enlightened feel the prompt
 ings of that impulse which impels the lest
 favored of our race to the worship of th&lt;
 works of their own hands. Indeed, is not tin
 feeling with which we view so great a tri
 umph of art, akin to that with which we an
 overwhelmed when duly contemplating thi
 great Architect of the universe, through hu
 works We worship the creating spirit—
 the godlike power, which calls being into ex
 istence, and enables the eresture, thus per
 fectly, to imitate the works of the Creator.
 But other thoughts clamor for utterance
 The Criex Slave Innocence, purity ant
 loveliness torn from parental arms—the em
 brace of kindness—the charms of home—tht
 entire joys ot existence, and ruthlessly despoil
 ed of robe and vesture, and, manacled ant
 nude, exposed to the inspection and purchast
 of the semi-brutal barbarian How perfec
 the emblems of the divine and the devilish—
 of the beautiful and the brutish in human na
 ture, are thus presented! Whence thos&lt;
 manacles and chains! Selfishness and cruel
 ty desired a slave.—Whence those tears—tha
 unspoken anguish—that sadness of soul? Ar
 angel has been snatched from her sphere, it
 serve demon, to suffer for our instruction
 Have we a latent sentiment of justice, a teai
 for suffering innocence, an emotion of pity left!
 The heart leaps to the rescue, and the arm it
 outstretched, to avenge. “The divinity
 within ur, is stirred,” and ready to combat
 the sensual and criminal, and asaeit the su
 premacy of mind over might, of tiuthand jus
 tice, over wrong and selfishness.
 Instead of pandering to the base and sensual
 in our nature, this beautiful and lovely crea
 tore appeals to all the noble and just senti
 ments of the soul; and learns it to detest that
 depravity in man, which suggests or tolerates
 so great a crime, as is manifest in the slave
 system. In the act of kncbaininq and de
 grading to the brute level a being of which
 this magnificent piece of statuary is but a
 cold and lifeless resemblance. It makes us
 pity suffering, bate wrong—and the wrong
 doer; to love the right, and plead and pray,
 wrestle and fight if need be, against oppres
 sion. While, was that mere emblem of life
 life itselt, (hose shrinking limbs, and that lof
 ty brow, warm and glowing with the court,
 ing blood, and the thinking braio, we would
 sever the.ignominious chain, and clasp the
 suffering Vfetior to oar bosom, in spite of
 raessurelees peril, how doubly odious and
 execrable the mooster who should stand by,
 and under any reteoce of law, compact, or
 religion, clam propxrtt in such a being!
 That indignation would be holy indeed, which
 could he appeased only by the instant banish
 meat o| so great an enemy of virtue, to
 regions beyond tbe ken of hope, and where
 no ear could ever hear iti unanswered prayer.
 This ia tbe thought natural to the eiroum-
outraged Greek slave-girl; and while we pity
 mod lore her all the more for her chaise, Oh!
 hpw heart and brain burn with hatred of the
 who does thus violat* the see ted
 rights of hgman nature; and piece his own
 diabolical self between god aod his creature.
 And to the feeling heart aod discerning eye,
 aU slave girls are Oners, and all slave mun
 g*r* Turks, wicked cruel and hateful; be their
 names Hawaii, Selim, James, Judas or Hem-
 RV; their country Algiers or Alabama Congo
 or Carolina, the same. The lesson learned
 at the led of this great creation of thought,
 is of no country nor color, and has its boun
 daries on the one hand in heaven where, jus
 tice and meicy are met; and on the other, by
 that dark chaos, where all order is lost, and
 hfpjfof |[fl*ce to the wrangling* aod hatred
 horn of an unlicensed selfishness. The mind,
 coming in contact with ao vivid and unmistak
 able an appeal to its moral sense, unaffected,
 can never have felt the promptings* of con
 science, and appteeiates too little of justice,
 to be a safe commoner in a world of mutual
 rights and interests. It lacks a great essen
 tial of human nature; and should be placed in
 a school of morals at once, or forever aban
 doned as too idiotic for permanent reclama
 tion.
 In this effort of the artist, we see more than
 mere art. is the embodiment of a oodliki
 idea, a world s history considered, a whole
 decalogue at a glance, written so plain thai
 the unlettered and simple may read; a re
 touching by a hand divine, of the tablets de
 livered by God himself to a mortal on Moun
 Sinai; all the “Thou shall nots” of the giea
 Jehovah are traced in lines of light on th&lt;
 beatific yet sorrowing and lovely features o:
 this beneficent gift of genius to man. H&lt;
 who hath wronged his fellow—or stifled the
 monitor within hie own bosom, is confronted
 here by a conscience—an exterior reproach,
 that he cannot withstand. Its voice is,
 am wronged by my brother man; witness
 these chains! Decide ye now; hath justice
 your sympathies—or go you with the oppres
 sor to do violence!” Cover our crime as wc
 will—shoulder it off, as a social or political
 evil, distort God’s word, or Providence in pal
 liation, as we may; still then is the fact-, In
 nocence and loveliness—a human soul in
 chains; our sister with all her affections as
 pirations and high capacities, sold to the
 beastial Turk, whoever he may be, and he
 designs to cast her down from her god-given
 estate, into the dominion of things. To that
 conclusion we come at least, inevitably, and
 always; choose we must the divine or the
 divilish. There is no retreat. If we stifle
 pity, and mock at calamity, we are damned.
 There is nothing of us to save; and a world
 of such beings would soon find a devil at its
 head, and itself legitimately annexed to re
 gions long since-appropriately named. While
 there is a well, and an ill, in words, this
 must be so; no sophistry can evade it; no
 circumstances change the fact; no combina
 tion or division of men, politically or other
 wise, fransform virtue to vice, nor paint the
 deformity of hell, into a thing loveable. Na
 ture revolts at wrong.—We feel it, and know
 it untaught. Hence the eloquence of this
 voiceless marble. Its teachings are resistless;
 and had Congress appropriated ten millions of
 dollars to buy this silent moral mentor, and
 giverUt a place in the halls where so much
 crime has been legalized and ponrived at,
 ours woul-l have been a wiser and a belter
 nation.
 Then no more territory would have been
 polluted by the footprint of the fiend; no
 money appropriated under any guise, fot the
 purchase of those who were entrusted with
 the people’s rights; no mockery of law. mak
 ing it penal to feed the hungry, clothe the
 naked, or relieve the oppressed; no fettered
 Chaplins, nor fleeing bondsman; no degraded
 statesman, nor muzzled presses; nor, s whole
 people seeking some new way to escape the
 ignominy and shame attendant on their wide
 departure from that path to which this beau
 tiful and divine .creature of the artist, ever
 invite us with her manacled arm and sorrow
 ing eye.
 S. F.
 W. Bloomfield, Sept. 25th 1850.
Canandaguia, Sept. 29, 1850.
 F riend Douglass. —This has truly become
 a land of oppression and slavery. My mind
 was never so much convinced of that fact un
 til after the fugitive slave bill became a law.
 Formerly the poor panting slave had some
 chance of escaping, even if his master did get
 hold of him; (in tvhat is called a free State;)
 now he has none. The oath of every vile man
 stealer is considered sufficient evidence in
 Court to deprive a man of his liberty for life.
 This is American liberty—this American free
 dom of the 19th century. We may talk of
 oppressions in monarchical Europe as much
 as we please, bu* they all fall to the ground
 when compared to the slavery of republican
 America, that boasted land of freedom where
 hundreds of ministers of the gospel tell you
 every Sabbath that in this happy land tvery
 man can sit under bis own vine and Gg tree,
 none daring to make him afraid, when at the
 same time hundreds of men and women in the
 Southern States are pursued with dogs and
 guns, and shot down like wild cats if they do
 not stand till their masters overtake them; and
 while the bloody lash is continually cutting
 up the flesh of poor suffering humanity, still
 these ministers cry all is peace and happi
 ness. O liberty what crimes are committed
 in thy name!
 Yours respectfully,
 S. BROWN.
Nkw York, Sept. 28th 1850.
 FRiKND Douglass. —I will do all I can for
 the Star in this city, for it is the only paper,
 edited by a colored man in this slaveholding
 country, that will dare speak the senti
 ments nl his soul. The crisis has come that
 calls for ever) colored man and woman to do
 something in their own defence. Meetings
 should be held in every town and county
 and the watch-word should be, Liberty or
 death. The Southern slave-driver has be
 come more bold and daring since the passage
 of the slave bill. Every city and town in the
 North is infested with these men, and the
 colored people can no longer meet in religious
 worship, without discovering the man-ateiler
 in their midst.
 Yours ibr liberty and truth,
 L. TILMON.
 Sisvaas.—Three Brsailian slavers, with
 700 slaves, prties to an English man-of-war, i
 •nived at St. Helena, Aug. 15th. i
ACMi.
 M*. Editor:—The geaUsman in the West
 to whom 1 have wrjttw, touching my inten
 tion of publishing a volume owna-ning wU
 •ions from the writings of colored men of the
 West, some time ibis Foil,are herebyinform
 ed that in consequence of circumstances which’
 could not be foreman or avoided by me, the
 publication will he defend for the present,
 but will appear as soon as the requisite ar
 rangement can bo made.
 Respectfully,
 C. H. LANGSTON.
 Columbus, Sept. 22, 1850.
 M*. Douglass:—At a meeting of the
 Woman’s Association held Sept. 18th, 1860,
 it was ou motion.
 Resolved, that the thanks of the Associa
 tioh be tendered iofjohnson’s Band for the
 interest taken in burjhehatfand for their lib
 erality in presenting the Association with ten
 dollars, will you please publisfT this resolotiun
 in the next number of the North Star.
 LYDIA A. BUSTILL, Secy.
 Philadelphia, Sept. 26th 1850.
 First Case *nder the Fugitive Slave Bill.
 IT. S. Commisioner’s Omca—Friday.—
 Before ‘'om/nisMonei Gardiner. —James Ham
 let, a colored man, tha slave of Mrs. Brown,
 of Baltimore, who ran away from her about
 two year* since, was this morning arrested
 in this city, by the U. S. Marshal, on the
 claim of Mrs. Brown’s agent, and in a few
 hours after his arrest the case was examined,
 and the following evidence adduced.
 Thomas J. Clare, exatained—l reside in
 Baltimore, State of Maryland; I am 39 yeata
 old; am a clerk in a shot manufactory at
 Baltimore; I know James Hamlet, he is the
 slave of Mary Brown,my mother-in-law, w'ho
 resides in Baltimore; I knew Hamlet about
 20 years; he left his mistress about two
 years ago; he left the premises where our
 family reside at Baltimore. Mrs. Brown is
 entitled to Hamlet’s services, as a slave, for
 life; she never parted with him voluntarily;
 she oame in possession of him by the will ol
 John J. Brown, her deceased husband.
 [An extract from Mr. Brown’s will was
 here put iu evidence.]
 Elimination continued—She held him
 from the time she inherited him until he es
 caped. The man present la the same James
 Hamlet.
Guetavus Brown, examined—Reside in
 New York; am 25 years old; I am a clerk in
 this city. Resided at Baltimore before com
 ing to this city. I know Hamlet since a boy;
 he is the slave of my mother. She is entitled
 to his services under the will of my father;
 Hamlet left her some two years since, in
 Baltimore; I saw him several times within
 the last six months in this city; I saw him
 first in April last; my mother is still entitled
 to him, never having parted with him; the
 mat present is the Jas. Hamlet of whom 1
 speak.
 Mr. Asa Child appeared at this stage of
 the examination, to protect the rights of the
 slave, and cross examined Messrs. Clare and
 Brown; but elicited nothing to contiadict
 their direct examination.
 Mr. Child then said, he believed that all
 the forms of law appertaining to the case,
 had been complied with.
 Mr. Gardiner then decided that the slave
 should be given up to the claimant’s agent,
 and signed the annexed certificate:
 “To whom these presents may come:
 Whereas complaint has been made before me,
 Alexander Gardiner a commissioner duly ap
 pointed by the Circuit Court of the United
 States for the southern district of New York,
 in the second circuit, under and by virtue of
 the Acts of Congress of February 20th,1812,
 March Ist, 1817, and September 27ih, 1789,
 on ihe oath of Thomas J. Clare, of the city
 of Baltimore, charging that James Hamlet, a!
 person held to service or labor in the Slate of 1
 Maryland, did, on or about the month of Oc
 tober, 1848, escipe into another State of the:
 United States, firm the said State of Mary
 land, and fiom Mary Brown, a resident of the
 city of Baltimore in said State, to whom his
 service or labor was due;
 “And whereas, the said Thomas J. Clare
 did produce before me a certain power of at
 torney in writing, acknowledged and certified
 under the seal of the Baltimore County:
 Court, whereby he was duly authorized by
 the said Mary Brown, the claimant of the
 said fugitive person, to take possession of, I
 Jas. and hold for her use and benefit,the said
 Hamlet;
“And whereas, upon such charge being
 made as aforesaid, J, ihe said Commissioner,
 did issue my warrant, in due form of law, for
 the arrest of the said James Hamlet; And
 whereas, the said James Hamlet has been
 brought before me, the said Commissioner,
 and the case heard, in accordance with the
 provisions of the statute:
 “Now I do certify, that satisfactory proof
 has been produced before me, by the deposi
 sitinns of Thomas J. Clare, of the city of
 Baltimore, and Gustavus Brown, of the city
 of New York, and by an extract from the
 will of John G. Brown of the city of Balti
 more, duly authenticated, that the service or
 labor of the said James Hamlet is due for life
 unto the said Mary Brown of the city of Bal
 timore, in the State of Maryland; that the
 said James Hamlet escaped from the State
 of Maryland, in which such service of labor
 was due, to the State of New York, in which
 he has been arrested; and that the petson in
 regard to whom such testimony has been
 produced in the said James Hamlet:
 “And therefore, by virtue of the power in
 me vested by the act of Congress in their be
 half, I do authorize the said Mary Brown
 or the satd Thomas J. Clare, her attorney, to
 uae such reasonable force and restraint as
 may be necessary, under the circumstances of
 dte case, to take and temove the said Jamea
 Hamlet, the fugitive person aforesaid, back
 to the State of Maryland, whence he escaped
 as aforesaid.
 “In witness whereof, 1 have hereunto set
 my hand and seal, thia seventh day of Sep
 tember, one thousand eight hundred and fiftv
 ALEX. GARDINER, U. S. Com.”
 Mr, Clare, the slave owner .a agent then
 demanded that the Commissioner would, in
 accordance with the law, give him a sufficient
 force tv. conduct the slave back to Maryland.
 Mr. Gardiner informed him he most make
 »n affidavit that he feared an attempt would be
 made to rescue the slave while on his way
 from this to Maryland; and that on his making
 such affidavit, a sufficient force would be giv
 en to prevent it.
 Mr. Clare then made the necessary affida
 vit, and the United States Commissioner or
 dered the slave into the custody of the United
 States Marshal, with directions to him to
 provide a sufficient force to gcard the slav/&gt;
 »n his way back. The U. S. Marshal imme
 diately deputed a sufficient number of his of.
 Scwrs for the pm pose,accompanied hy whom
 »nd his owner’s agent, the slave was immedi
 stely taken from the city, on bis way to Ma
 ryland.
 The Fugitive Slave Law.
 Weu,, the Compromisers have done up
 heir work. The bill for enforcing the re
 sapture of fugitive slave* has passed into s
 strung penal law. All United States officer*
 and all United States citizen* are uow ex
 plicitly required to aid in this most inhumai
 md damnable business, under pains and pen
 .lues suited to the emergency of the case
 Wo to the poor panting fugitive! Wo to sit
 hat dare be his triends! Wo to all that re
 use to help hunt him down, hold him law
 &gt;nd send him back to his bloody prison-boss*'
 Wo to all the just and merciful in the land'
 rtie alsveocrncy may pottiafnah humanity it
 be dust with a resistless hand. It is eou-
 MtuiMßal! It w lawful! It baa become the
rs
 Fidelity to our “glorious Union’' require if
 We shall soon see who will land themselves
 to this meanest, vilest, mast detestable drud
 gery ever imposed by slaveholders on tbair
 Behold what Darnel Webster, Sensual A.
 Eliot, Ac., have done for the descendants of
 ths Puriisnu! What staieames? What pa-
 What lovers of their eouittry* What
 Christians' What elarators or human na
 »n,re' o beo c t°Ts of the people! Let
 Stuart, and such Doctors of Divinity,
 Cmnoe henedtetfottt on them. Lex our
 of the ledger; of the bank-vault, sod of
 the loom, about hosannahs after them. Le
 the common people make haste, like a well
 broke team, to drag forth their car ot Jugger
 naut in triumph over the ciuahed and mangled
 slave. Let the sceptre of power be continu
 ed in the hands of these godlike and mighty
 men. Let the Deeraration of Independence
 be obliterated. Let the memory cf the Rev
 olution cease to haunt the dreams of tyrants.
 I*;! the profession of Christianity become
 more and mom a cloak fur inhumanity, out
 rage and iniquity. And let the granite quar
 ries of New England he converted into mon
 uments, to tell tuture generations what great
 things were schived for them by the leading
 statesmen of the Model Republic in the year
 1B60»
 Peradventuie, be that sitteth ia the heavens
 hath taken no account of these things! Or,
 perhaps, the mighty hands that have joined*
 themselves against His poor will be able to
 avert the rettibutions of eternal justice. Wait
 and see, ye prophesiers of smooth things.
 Pursue your fugitives, ye Pharaohs,even into
 the midst of the Red Sea. Go up to Ra
 nsoth Gilead to battle, ye Ahabs, “and pros
 per. Drink pioudly your wine out of the
 holy vessels, Bahhazzir and all ye Nobles of
 Babylon, till ye behold the handwriting on
 the wall! But the lime coiueth when your
 iniquities shall find you out. Then shall ye
 know ihat the Lord God omnipotent reigneth,
 that he is no respecter ot persons, and that
 he rendereth to every man and every nation
 the recompenses of equity. Then shall your
 deliverance, O ye oppressed and persecuted,
 break forth like the morning, and ve shall fill
 the land with grateful rejoicing. Endure yet
 awhile with patiendtryour grievous wrongs,
 and hope on; for the year of Jubilee will sure
 ly come, when “Liberty shall be proclaimed
 through the whole laud to all the inhabitants
 thereof.”
Fugitive Slave Bill.
 ‘in no trial or hearing under this act shall
 the testimony of saidalleged fugitive be ad
 mitted—and the certificate in this and the
 first section mentioned, shall be conclusive of
 the rigid of the ■person or persons in whose
 favor granted to remove such fugitive to
 the State or Territory from which he escaped
 and shall prevent all molestation of suck per
 son or persons byfony proc&gt;ss issued by any
 Court or Judge, Magistrate, or other person
 whatsoever.
 Who ever heard of bo atrocious a law! One
 man, on his own deposition or affidavit, al-
 lowed, by order of a commissioner, to claim
 another man or woman, as his property!
 forbid to repel the affidavit or deposition with
 his own!—forbid any defence whatever, how
 ever abundant his means of defence, and to
 be delivered over by the warrant of such com
 missioner to the claimant, whose character
 and claims such commissioner may not allow
 him, or her, to impeach in any manner what
 ever!—given over, him, and his posterity for
 ever, to eternal bondage! Will not God’s
 curse smite the heartless villian who will at
 tempt to execute such a law? Do we deserve
 to be a free people—can we expect to escape
 the anger of Heaven, if we do not smite the
 law and its executors together in the dust!
 The certificates referred' to in the above
 paragraph, are, the ceriificate of the judge or
 justice in the slave State or territory,that the
 affidavit or deposition was in fact taken be
 fore him, and which is sealed by him,thereby
 giving it the force of Record, and unimpeach
 able, and conclusive evidence- against the fu
 gitive—also the certificate of the commission
 er that the slave has been brought before him
 on the former affidavit and certificate, and by
 him aeliveied over to his tormentors. These
 are the only certificates mentioned in this
 act. It is apparent, therefore that there is
 nothing like a trial, in the case. To know
 that there is not, we need but revert to the
 6th section, which gives the proceedings be
 fore the commissioner, and compare them
 with the proceedings auihoiized under the
 10th section, before a court. In the latter
 case, the claimant is requited to make satis
 factory proof," —in the former, he presents
 only the ceriificate of Ins own deposition,made
 out by a judge or justice of a foreign State,
 and in the latter he is required to resort to
 common law proof, (because the courts may
 make judgment, or act in no case whatever
 hut upon common law proof.) The pioceed
 ings under this statute are authorized, there
 fore expressly, to evade common law reme
 dies and rights, and give the victim over to
 his demandant without common law protec
 tion or remedy, (against every principle of
 law or justice sanctioned by any jurisprudence
 of any people whatever. The defendant is
 expressly denied the right to prove that the
 papers adduced against him are a forgery.
 Liberty Party Paper.
 Abolition of Slavery in Washington.
 Mr. Preaton King slid that he had wished,
 during the session, to introduce a bill for
 the abolition of slavery in the Distiict of Co
 lumbia: but he had had no opportunity to do
 so, and he now asked the suspension of the
 rule#, that he might introduce a bill for this
 pu t pose.
 The bill was then read. It provides that
 all persons emancipated bv the act, are to be
 paid for out of the Treasury of the United
 States, and the value and amount of those
 freed to be ascertained and determined by the
 Judges of the District Coui4 of the District
 of Colnmbia. The House refused to suspend
 •he rules—yeas 52, nays 109.
 Those who voied in the affirmative are
 Messrs. Alexander, Andrews, Bingham,
 Booth, Burrows, Cobb of Ohio, Calvin,
 Chadler, Clark, Cleveland, Cole, Corwin,
 Doty, Ducan, Durkee, Fitch, Fowler, Freed
 ly, Goodenow, Gou, Gould, Grinell, Hallo
 way, Harlan, Hebard, Henry, How, Hunter,
 Kingof N. J., John A. King, PrestonjKing,
 Horace Mann, Matteson, Meacham, Moore,
 Ogle, Otis, Peck, Reed, Reynolds, RisJey,
 Rockwell, Root, Rumsey, Sackett, School
 craft, Silvester, Spaulding, Sprague, Stevens
 of Pa., Van Dyke, Tintoo, Waldo and
 White.
 That is seven votes ahead of the Tariff'
 questions. The noes will be published be
 fore the election.
 The House passed the Fortification bill,
 106 to 66; and agreed to the Senate amend
 ments of the Oregon land bill and the Poet
 Routes. A motion that ihe Preaident com
 mence a snit against sx-Secretary Crawfoid
 to recovey the Galpliin interest, was laid on
 the table, 142 to 20.
 Nays— Bayly, Bisaell, Cable of Ohio,
 Disney, Doty, Durkee, Fuller, Harris of 111.,
 Johnson of Arkansas, Jones, Julian, Job
 Mann, MeLsne of Md., Meade, Parker,
 Peck, Root, Strong, Walden, and Waldo.
 Chapmn’s Cask.—Chaplin was brought
 before Judge Cranch on the 19ih inst., and
 lischarged after giving bail for $7OOO. He
 was immediately arrested and taken to Rock
 ville, Md., on the requisition of the governor
 »f that State. All was excitemeut. Bailor,
 who was engaged as couusef, backed out,
 md the judges were overawed.— Hob. R. 1.
 Bowie was sent for as a volunteer counsel.
 Re disputed the jurisdiction of the magia
 rates, wd there was a long hearing in the
 •sse. Finding 1 it impossible to bring the
 nagistrat* to reasonable terms, Mr. Chaplin’s
 K un^ e withdrew hit application, and Mr.
 .haplm wm fully committde. The chance
"
