"The NORTH STAR pehlUhe4 every
 Thursday, at No. 2ft* Buffalo Street.
 (Oppose the Arcade.)
 TERMS.
 Two dollar* per annum, always w» advance. Nt
 subscription will be reoeired for a lew term thao
 ■is month*.
 Advertisement* not exceeding ten line* inserted
 three tunes tor one dollar; every subsequent inser
 tion, twenty-five cents.
 The object of the North Star will be to abolish
 SLAVERY in all its forms and Repeats; advocate
 Universal Emt.tcirtTio*; exalt the standard
 of public morality, promote the moral and inteUee*
 ual improvement ol the Colored People; and
 hasten the day of FREEDOM to the Three
 M ii. lions of our enslaved fellow countrymen.
 PUBLISHER’S NOTICES.
 QCj- All communication* relating to the bueinose
 matter s of the paper, names of subscribers, remit
 tances, &amp;c., should be addressed to Frederice
 Douglass, Editor, Rochester, N. Y.
 Qiy* Agents, and all others sending names, are
 requested to be accurate, and to give tne Pott office,
 tlie County, and the State. Each Subscriber is im
 mediately credited for money received.
 QQp Any person sending in payment for four sub
 scribers, to be forwarded to one address, may
 have a fifth copy for one year.
 All letters and communications must be post paid
 LIST OF~AGENTS.
 Massachusetts. —R.h Wallcut,2l,Coruhill,
 Boston; Nathan Johnson, New Bedford; Horatio
 VV. Foster, Lowell.; James N. Bttffum, Lynn;
 Bourne Spooner, Plymouth.
 Connecticut. —Jabez Cogswell, Brookfield.
 New Yore.—Sydney H. Gay, 142, Nassau
 Street; William Harned. Anti-Slavery Office, 61,
 Jobu Street; John J. Zuille, 48, Watts Street;
 Joseph Post, Westbory, Queen County; Mary
 Harper, Albany, Elias Doty, Macedon; Wil
 letts Keese, Peru, Clinton County; J. F. Platt,
 Penn Yan; J. Jeffrey, Geneva; E. L. Platt, Bath;
 Willis Stark, Medina, Orleans Co.; William Brum
 )eetJws*rSL'AND.--Amarancy Paine, Providence.
 Pennsylvania.— J. M. M’Kim, 81, North
 Fifth Street, Philada; Wm. Whipper, Columbia;
 Milo A. Townsend, New Brighton; B. F.. Bonn,
 Salem-
 Ohio. —J. J. Gaines, Cincinnati Charlei
 Hand, Harveysburgh,Clinton Co; Samuel Brooke
 Salem D. Huntingdon, Chardon, Geauga Co.;
 Hugh Hamilton. Lowellville, Mahoning County; J
 D. Patterson, Oberlin; S. I).'Jenkins, Columbbus
 Michigan. —Robert Banks, Detroit: Dr. J
 B. Barnes, Owusso, Shiawasse Co.
 Indiana. —Willis Fowles, New Albany.
 Illinois. Heniy O. Waggoner, Chicago;
 Marshall Hayward, Richmond, M’Henry Co.
 lowa. —Alexander Clark, Muscatine.
 Canada.— Johu June* Carey, Toronto.
 WlLl.li*
0 tictt i ons.
MEETINGS OF COLORED CITI
 ZENS OF NEW YORK.
 Below we give reports of two meet
 ings held by the colored people of this
 city within the past few days. The Re
 port of each was made in part for the
 Standard and in part corrected from
 that of the Herald. As we do not pro
 fess to give much more than a sketch
 of the meetings, of course, the drift
 merely of the speeches can be given;
 they are full enough, however, to in
 dicate the spirit which animates the,
 New York colored people. It would
 be exceedingly difficult to take a fu
 gitive publicly from this city, but unfor
 tunately the work is done secretly and
 in the dark.
 The Reception Meeting given to
 Hamlet, who had been purchased by
 contributions made through the Jour
 nal of Commerce office, and who was
 brought back on Saturday, was the first
 public meeting ever held by colored
 people in the Park. It numbered sev
 eral thousands, and went off with the
 greatest enthusiasm. We are glad to
 be able to state that the death of Mrs.
 Hamlet, which was reported two or
 three days before, was incorrect, and
 that the joy of the reclaimed slave was
 made complete by the welcome of his
 wife and children. The story of her
 death, we are told, arose from the fact
 that she was, at one time, thrown into
 convulsions and was supposed by the
 bystanders to have ceased to live.
 MEETING OF THE COLORED POPULATION
 THEIR DENUNCIATIONS OF THE FUGI
 TIVE SLAVE BILL.
 A meeting of colored people, with a
 slight and visible sprinkling of white
 Abolitionists, was held yesterday even
 ing at the Zion Chapel, Church street.
 The building, which is capable of hold
 ing 1,500 persons, was crowded to ex
 cess, two thirds of those present being
 women ot color. The following is a
 copy of tile handbill by which the meet
 ing was convened:—
 THE FUGITIVF BILL!
 THE PANTING SLAVE!
 FREEMEN TO BE MADE SLAVES!
Let every colored man and woman
 attend the GREAT MASS MEETING
 to be held in
 ZION CHURCH,
 Church street, corner of Leonard on
 Tuesday Evening, October, 1, 1850.
 for your Liberty, your Fire-side is in
 danger of being invaded! Devote this
 night upon the question of YOUR DU
 TY in the CRISIS.
 Shall we resist Oppression? Shall
 we defend our Liberties? Shall we be
 FREEMEN OR SLAVES?
 By order of the Chairman of the
 Committee of 13.
 Shortly after seven o’clock, William
 P. Powell was, on motion, called on to
 preside.
 The V ice Presidents were—Messrs.
 J. M. Smith, J. Powers,Rev. S. White,
 D. Cash, Rev. S. E Cornish, E Har
 rington, J. H. Putnam, Rev. J. T.
 Ramond, J. Harris, S. I)rayt on, R«fv.
 H. Wilson, A. Lyons, J. J. Jefferson,
 J. Jailers, J. Purnell, R. H. Cousins,
 H. Williams, Capt. P. Hawkins, E.
 A. Potter, and P. Guion.
 Secretaries.—T. J. White, M. D.;
 C. H. Reason, R. Hamilton.
 The meeting was opened with pray
 er by the Rev. Mr. White, who sup
 plicated for victory over their enemies,
 and besought the omnipotent power to
 guide and protect those who are go
 ing to Ine land where men do not tiam
 pie on one another.
 Ihe President, in addressing the
 assemblage, said: Fellow Citizens In
 all things (hat have beauty, there is
 nothing to man more comely than lib
 etfk. Give me the liberty to know, to
 ulfer, and to argue freely, above all
 liberties. (Cheers.) A more impor
 tant sdbject than this, never in the his
 tory of this country, came before the
 American people, and it is nothing'
 nor less than this—Shall the iniquitous
 Fugitive Slave bill, which subjects ev
 ery free colored man, woman and child,
 to be seized upon, handcuffed, and
 plunged into perpetual Slavery? Shall
 the blood-thirsty slaveholder be per
 mitted by this unrighteous law to come
 into our domigils, or workshops, or the j
 placas where we labor, and carry off
 our wives and children, our fathers
 and mothers, and ourselves, without a
 struggle—(loud cries of‘‘No, no,”)—
 without resisting, even if need be, un
 to defcth. (Cheers) Or, shall we sit
 down and tamely submit pur necks to
 v j
THE NORTH STAR.
FREDERICK DOUGLASS* Editor aid Proprietor*
VOL 111. NO. 44.
the halter, *and our limbs to the
 shackles, and clank our chains to the
 sweet music of passive obedience.
 (No, no.) And every step which we
 may take, whether it be backwards or
 forwards, will be followed by conse
 quences too vast, too momentous,to be
 considered by any one present; upon
 your decision this night hangs supend
 ed the fate of millions. This “cove
 nant with death, and agreement witi*
 hell,” must be trampled under |oot, re
 sisted, diattbvyad, anct rtoWnett at all
 hazards. (Cheers.) When the moth
 er country imposed upon the inlant
 colonies the three-and-a-half per cent
 tax, and the stamp act, the very first
 blood that was shed was shed in resist
 ance of the odious act by Attuck,a col
 ored man; and the first martyr to
 American independence, nobly led on
 the mob of white men, and was the first
 to receive the fire of the British sol
 diery, and throughout the revolutionary
 and late war, colored men stood side
 by side with white men, and achieved
 a most glorious victory in the name of
 liberty. We have met this night to
 r decide, not whether we will pay the
 government a three-and-a-half cent tax
 or an impost duty, but whether we will
 suffer ourselves and families to be
 made slaves. And oh, Powerful Good
 ness, Bountiful Father,Merciful Guide,
 increase us in that wisdom which dis
 covers our truest interest. (Cheers.)
 Strengthen our resolution to perform
 what wisdom dictates. Let us be uni
 ted as one man, regarding our rights
 as inherent and inalienable. There
 are a thousand and one ways by which
 the unsuspecting colored man, woman
 and child may be entrapped into the
 hands of the blackhearted villanous
 kidnapper, and spirited awyy into Sla
 very almost instantly. The case of
 James Hamlet,the fugitive, is in point,
 and if the information which I have re
 ceived be not incorrect, I am told that
 his wife died this morning of a broken
 heart. (Murmurs, and oh! oh! from
 the females.) There is one victim.
 Will you submit that there may be
 more. (Loud notes.)
 Hear ye no rumblingg in llie air; 1
 Hear ve no earthquake* underneath,
 L’p, tip, why will ye slumber where
 The deeper only wakes in death!
 You are told to submit peaceably to
 the laws; will you do so? (No, no.)
 You are told to manacles that
 bind you; will you do so? (No.no, no.)
 The law is made by the people. The
 people have told you that you must do
 so; will you obey them? (No.)
 In company with Mr. Lewis. H.
 Putnam, 1 called upon Mayor Wood
 hull to know whether the civil authori
 ties wouid protect fi ?a colored persons
 from being carried into Slavery. Un
 able to find His Honor, we addressed
 the following communication.
 “September 30,1850.
 To His Honor, C. S. Woodhull:
 Sir:— The undersigned take this
 method to address this communication
 to you as the Chief Magistrate of the
 city of New i ork, to ascertain whal
 protection, we, the free colored people,
 may expect under the operation of the
 Fugitive Slave Law. The peculiar po
 sition we occupy in this State—de
 pending upon the magistery of the peo
 ple of New York, to defend her citizens
 against the operation of unjust law, we
 solicit in the name of our families that
 information from you which the nature
 of the case demands.
 Respectfully, fitc.
 WILLIAM P. POWELL.
 LEWIS H. PUTNAM
 N. B.—Please answer* and address
 William P. Powell,
 330 Pearl street.
 Up to this hour, seven and one half
 o’ clock, Oct. 1, 1850) that functionary
 had not thought it worth whi*£ to give
 an answer.*
 The several sections of the Fugitive
 Slave Bill were then read amid inter
 ruptions, execrations, and cries of
 shame. At the conclusion a voice in
 the gallery asked was there no more of
 it. an interrogatory which excited the
 risbilities of some, which were, how
 ever, checked by the President, who
 told them it was too solemn a question
 for merriment.
 The following letters were then read
 to the meeting:
 LETTER FROM AI. AN SON NA&lt;*H.'
 New York, October Ist, 1850.
 Gentlemen:
 I received your communication of
 the 27th of September last, requesting
 my opinion as to the constitutionality
 of the recent law of Congress relative
 to Fugitive slaves. In reply, I state
 that the law £g passed by Congress
 has many objectionable features in it.
 Indeed, it obviously infringes upon the
 Constitution of the United States, in
 several particulars:—
 h irst. It suspends the writ of habeas
 corpus contrary to the second subdivis
 ion of the ninth section of the national
 constitution.
 Second. It is in violation of a por
 tion of the fifth article of the amend
 ments, which declares that no person
 shall be deprived ol Life. Liberty, or
 Property without due process of Law.
 Third. It is m violation of the sev
 enth article of the amendments, which
 declares, “That in suits at common
 law where the value in controversy
 shall exceed twenty dollars the right of
 trial by jury shall be preserved.”
 Fourth. It is in violation of the spirit
 and force of the Constitution of tile
 United States, which declares that the
 Judicia! Power of the United States
 shall be vested in one Supreme Court
 and in such Inferior Court* as the Con
 gress may from time to time ordain
 and establish according to art. 3, *ec.
 1, of said constitution. In as much m
 yd bmumib y(d* Im asaw fhb
RIGHT IS OF NO SEX; TRUTH IS OF NO COLOR; GOD IS THSV"riI|R OF US ALL; AND ALL MEN ARE BRETHREN.
the Fugitive Slave Law confers judieia
 powers of the very highest nature upoi
 commissioners who are not judges o
 any court, nor can, they have judicia
 powers conferred upon them withou
 constituting them in .direct terms t
 Court.
 A U. S. commissioner is an inferioi
 officer: he is no judge: he has no clerk
 he holds no court, and his proceedings
 are not subject to review.
 Ik* Owtjgurss or (he United States
 possesses no power to pass a law that a
 citizen of the State of New York shall
 be taken and carried to South Caroli
 na, and, in the latter State, to be tried
 whether he is a free man or a slave in
 New York.
 The doctrine that a man may be sei
 zed in England and carried to France
 and there tried whether he is a free
 man or a slave in England is contrary
 to all known laws.
 And so far as the rights of citizens of
 the State of New York are concerned,
 the arrest of such persons here and the
 sending of them to other Slates for tri
 al of their rights under the laws of the
 State of New York is as much a viola
 tion of law as though the man had been
 seized in England and carried to
 France to try by the judicial tribunals of
 ihe latter country the rights of the man
 so seized in England.
 The whole spirit of this Act called
 die Fugitive Slave Law, takes away
 the rights and personal liberties of the
 citizens of each State.
 The ninth article of the amendments
 to the Constitution of the United States
 are in these words:
 “The enumeration in the Constitu
 tion of certain rights shall not be con
 strued to deny or disparage others re
 tained by the people.”
 So article tenth of the amen dments
 jays that—
 The powers not delegated to the
 United States by the Constitution nor
 prohibited by it to the S ates, are re
 lerved to the States, respectfully or to
 ;he people.”
 Nor the powers reserved to the States
 and the rights retained by the people
 :onsist among other things of those ©f
 a trial by jury, where life, liberty, orf
 property are concerned.
 And also, the right of each State ho
 letermine whether its own citizens ai*e
 ugitives from service or not.
 Congress has not power to pass law's
 hat shall deprive a citizen of this State
 af his life, liberty, or property, or of
 areventing each citizen of calling to
 iis aid a trial by jury, wljen either his
 life, liherty or, property is involved.
 The writ of habeas corpus and the
 right of trial by jury for each citizen
 are amply provided for by the Consti
 tution, and the laws of the State of New
 Fork, and whenever a person is arrest
 ed under the Provision of the Fugitive
 Slave Law, such person has the right
 :o a writ of habeas corpus and trial by
 ury under our own State Laws.
 There is one feature in the late law
 &gt;f Congress relative to slaves which
 seems to be a full recognition of the
 principle: That all slaves brought into
 he State by their masters are thereby
 made free.
 And also that all children born in a
 ree State of a fugitive slave mother
 tre also free.
 The Fugitive Slave Law no where
 orovides that a person making oath un
 ler this law, and swearing corruptly
 ind falsely shall be guilty of perjury or
 iable to any pains yid penalties for
 :ommitting perjury. Nor does the
 aw make it obligatory on the claimant
 &gt;f a fugitive slave to take him back
 &gt;vhen reclaimed to the place whence he
 iscaped. But a man from Charleston,
 South Carolina may arrest a free man
 n New York and carry him direct to
 the slave pens at Baltimore and sell
 t»im to a negro trader and then land
 him directly into the awamps of Louis
 iana, whenever he can obtain a certifi
 cate from a commissioner, rightfully or
 wrongfully.
 The constitution of the United States
 evidently contemplates that the people
 of the several States shall be deprived
 of no rights which are guaranteed to
 themby the State Laws and Constitution.
 The Constitution of New York de
 clares that the trial by jury in all cases
 in which it has been heretofore used
 shall remain inviolate forever.
 And further that no member of this
 State shall be disfranchised or depri
 ved of any rights or privileges secured
 to any citizen thereof unless by the
 law of the land and judgment of his
 peers.
 In this latter section tne word mem
 ber is used in contradiction to the word
 citizen.
 The people ol this State have intend
 ed that every person in this State shall
 have the benefit of our laws.
 The stranger who sojourns here, be
 his color black, white, or red,is equally
 entitled to the protection of our laws.
 The great Bill of Rights called the
 Magna Chart a declares that no man
 shall be seized or imprisoned or exiled,
 or in any manner destroyed or con
 demned or passed upon unless by the
 lawful judgment of his peers, or by the
 law of the land.
 It is the birth right of every man,and
 the people of the States and of the
 United States have never given up this
 right to Congress to pass laws to take
 it away. Suppose a man arrested is a
 slave, who knows most about it, his
 family and friends, or his claimant.
 Suppose he is a freeman, who is to
 determine this question? Is a com
 missioner ex parte in a secret session?
 And without a hearing of the allega
 tions from the accused, or a Jury who
ROCHESTER, N. Y.. THURSDAY, OCTOBER 24, 1850.
r LETTER FROM THADDEUS STEVENS.
 Washington, September 29, 1850.
 o Dear Sir: I Can give but little hope
 that the infamous Slave Law will be
 s declared unconstitutional. 1 can ad
 vise nothing better than that the sub
 f. jects of it put themselves beyond its
 reach.
 j With great respect,
 Your obedient servant,
 J THADDEUS STEVENS.
 W. P. Powell, 330 Pearl st. N. Y.
 Mr. George T. Downing then read
 the following resolutions, which were
 received with cheers and expressions
 ot approbation:—
 i Whereas, the Congress of the Uni
 ted Stales has passed a law for the
 avowed purpose of reclaiming persons
 owing service in one State, apd esca
 ping into another, and approved by
 Milliard Fillmore, the President of the
 Uuited States, on the 18th day of Sep
 tember, 1850;
 ®And, whereas, the operation of said
 law allows any person in the Southern
 States to go into any court, or before
 any Justice of the Peace, or any other
 person authorized to take depositions
 in any State or organized Territory of
 the United States, and swear that any
 colored person owes him or her ser
 vice or labor, and has escaped there
 from, and ma.y take out a warrant for
 the arrest of such person in any United
 States Court, in any State or Territory,
 and seize su«eh person, withor without
 a warrant, and command the assistance
 of bystanders to make the arrest;
 And, whereris, any person so ar
 rested may be taken before any United
 States Court io« any State or Territory
 of the United States and deprived of
 his or her liberty in as ummary man
 ner, by any Judge, Justice, or Com
 missioner of th*e United States;
 And, whereas, any person so arrest
 ed and tried, is stripped of the right of
 trial by jury, deprived of the writ of
 habeas corpvs contrary to the provis
 ions of the Constitution of the United
 States^
 And, wheritas, any white person
 may seize and arrest any colored per
 son, and drag him or her, by violence,
 before any Unit ed States Judge, Justice,
 or Commissioner, and swear away the
 liberty of any person so arrested;
 And, whereas, any person assisting
 another to escape, either before or after
 trial, or is known to conceal a person
 claimed as a slave, is subject to a fine
 of one thousand dollars; and thus in
 every way placing the liberty of color
 ed persons in every Slate or Territory
 of this Union, completely at the mercy
 of slaveholders, or their agents, with
 every safeguard of liberty stricken
 down—Therefore,
 1. Resolved, That we utterly repudi
 ate the law and its provisions; that it is
 so repugnant to every principle of Jus
 tice, that it can have no binding force
 whatever upon us; and that we do here,
 in the sight of God and before all men,
 declare that should any one attempt to
 execute its provisions on any one of us,
 either by invading our home or ar
 resting us in the street, we will treat
 such an one as assaulting our persons
 with intent to kill, and, God being our
 helper, will use such means as will re
 pel the agg lessor and defend our lives
 and liberty.
 2. Resolved, That we are worthy
 neither of our homes nor of the confi
 dence of our wives and children, unless
 we are prepared to sacrifice ourselves
 freely, if necessary, on the altar of
 freedom and in their defence.
 3k Resolved, That the teachings aad
 examples of oar countrymen, the
 promptings of our nature as men, as
 well as our duty towards God, leii us,
 that whenever tbs unjust provisions of
 this law against God and huin&amp;mty
 •hall be attempted to be enforced
 against either of us, it were far better
 that a thousand fives wrish in the re*.
I [Friday, Oct, 4 1, |MKRh
 Honor the Mayor has me
 f “that in case of arrest of he
 has forbidden the PolicetSHPan)
 t other officer of the Corp4jff|Hfrnni
 assisting the slaveholder ttvHping
 slaves uuder the late act ofrflHK&amp;s;
 but as to what course the iflHbrecj
 people ought to pursue HVlFss wmt ol
 seizure, not bavin* re»4 Fugitive
 Law he was unablato sSL-a
 his Honor that in the event of my friend
 Robert Hamilton (who was present)
 being arrested under the Fugitive act
 with intent to reduce him to Slavery,
 that we would not allow him to be taken
 out of the city— to which the Mayor
 made no reply. W. P. POWELL.
 Once send a man into Slavery,under
 a Commissioner’s Certificate, and how
 is he to obtain his freedom when wrong*
 fully wrested from him?
 A person once condemned by an
 United States Commissioner to Slavery,
 is forever deprived of his freedom. He
 is a slave for life, and all his fraternity.
 He might as well expect to get an
 audience of the Monarch of Great Brit
 ain as to obtain relief through any Ju
 dicial Tribunal in the Slave States, or
 in those of the United States.
 The door is forever shut to him after
 he has once passed into a Slave State.
 I have- no doubt that in all cases
 where a person may be arrested in this
 State, under the late act of Congress,
 that he is entitled to, and he and his
 agent or friends can sue out, a writ oi
 Habeas Corpus in our State Courts,
 and there try the question whether he
 he is fugitive slave or not. Here he
 will at least have a fair trial.
 I am, very respectfully,
 Your obedient servant,
 ALANSON NASH.
 To Messrs. Powell, Smith and others,
 Committee. &amp;c.
TERNS —*z Per Ann, lifarlaMj l&gt; A4raace.
cue, than that a single human being
 being permitted io be dragged from our
 midst htto hopeless bondage; and that
 we desire no grave prouder than that
 over which shall stand the monument,
 and no page of history prouder than
 that which shall record the deed of such
 rescue.
 4. Resolved, That it has ever been
 our aim and. earn©** to be got&gt;d
 l **«*ftb*&lt;l*"« citizens, and that
 strive such to be; nevertheless,we can
 not, for one moment, entertain the idea
 of compliance with the terms of that
 biM, its force being lost in the fact that
 it is at variance with the laws of our na
 ture and of God; and further, because,
 we believe it to be at variance with the
 spirit and letter of our Declaration of
 Independence, and of the Constitution
 established under that Declaration.
 5. Resolved, That the provisions of
 the Fugitive Slave Bill of 1850,leaving
 us no other alternative, we must adopt
 he motto of our sister State, Virginia—
 Resistance to tyrants is obedience
 to God.”
 6. Resolved, That we declare to Ma
 son, and the aiders and abettors of this
 arbitrary and despotic law, in the lan
 guage of Daniel Webster, “that there
 is something on earth greater than ar
 bitrary and despotic power; and the
 lightning has its powor, and the earth
 quake has its power—but there is
 something among men more capable of
 shaking despotic power than lightning,
 whirlwind, or earthquake—that is, the
 threatened indignation of the civilized
 world.”
 7. Resolved, That “God willed us
 freemen—man willed us slaves—we
 will, as God wills, God’s will be done.”
 8. Resolved, That inasmuch as des
 perate efforts are being made to re
 claim fugitives who have fled for liberty
 to reclaim them at all costs, we, sym
 pathizing with such fugitives, and be
 lieving that they would be justified
 therein by the promptings of nature,by
 the precepts of Patrick Henry and of
 Washington, by the glorious example
 of Madison Washington, do council
 them to do as we would—to arm them
 selves with the surest and most deadly
 weapons; to resist unto death, for
 which, if they be not prepared, we ad
 vise them to repair, with all possible
 despatch, to where the law, as well as
 nature, proclaims them free.
 9. Resolved, That in giving ten mil
 ]io*ns of dollars to the South, for land
 which the South never owned in
 promising to pay one thousand dollars
 U* the South, for every bondsman
 who maT escape therefrom—in con
 verting hi'r once free soil into a hunting
 ground for the panting fugitive, and in
 offering to own citizens a bribe on
 the one hand lo join in the chase, and
 fine and imprisonment on the other
 hand for refusing to do so, the once
 free North has sold herself, body and
 soul, to the dark spirit of Slavery; and
 has, through her chosen President and
 subservient members of Congress, de
 clared, “in tones that will pierce the
 ears of half the human race, that the
 last great experiment of Representa
 tive Government has failed,” and has
 “caused millions of eyes of those who
 fed their inherent love of liberty upon
 the success and prosperity of the Amer
 ica example, to turn away from our
 deep disgrace, with dissatisfaction and
 disgust; and has caused the doctrine of
 the divine right &lt;of kings to feel,even in
 its grave, a returning sensation of vi
 tality and resuscitation
 10. Resolved, That we call upon all
 American citizens who have any regard
 for constitutional law, or any reverence
 for the history of our glorious past, or
 any pride in our -national reputation
 abroad, to join in the cry of repeal—
 repeal the infamous hill, which barters
 the life* and liberty of a freeman for the
 oath c.f any wretch who may swear that
 he is a slave.
 11- Resolved, that ww will circulate
 petitions to the Legislature of this State
 calling for a law to protect its free col
 ored citizens from Slavery; and for res
 olutions instructing the members of
 Conf ross to urge the repeal of the Fu
 gitive Slave Bill.
 12- Resolved, That we will send pe
 titions to Congress praying for the re
 peal of the Fugitive Slave Bill of 1850.
 13. Resolved, That abated by noth
 ing other than pure humanity, in at
 tempting to curry out these resolutions
 whenever necessity requires them, we
 will for further endeavor to infuse their
 healthful spirit into the minds and hearts
 of our fellow-citizens.
 14. Resolved, That the President of
 this meeting be appointed to receive the
 names ot ail persons who may be wil
 ling to act on the secret committee;
 and all persons who are fugitive to re
 port themselves to the Chairman of the
 meeting,who must have their real name,
 and the name of their master, in order
 that the secret committee may know
 what to «do in the premises.
 Mr. IJ'owning then said that he had
 nothing to remark but that these reso
 lutions, thoug strongh, were the senti
 uvents of his heart, and he declared
 that whenever he saw the “panting
 slave’* be would assist him by every
 means in his power. (A voice.—And
 se will th e white men, too.) Mr. D.
 continued.—We have to come to this
 determination—to die, or to teach the
 individual who undertakes lo carry out
 the proviaii&gt;ne of this bill* that his Mfe
 is in danger. I am a father, andjbound
 by every lie to protect my wife and
 children, and here 1 declare that if
 any man—any fien&lt;? in human shape—
 dare to erase the threshhold of my
 caetle, I*ll send him toh—fl before he
 ferous cheese.) I have u used that
 h«»h word fceoausf do be/wra that
WHOLE NO. 147.
1
 any one who eugages in such a mis
 sion is a servant of the d—-I, and dying
 t in that service he must go to h—lt.
 (Cheers.) By the provisions of the
 bill, I might be liable to be seised. And
 i suppose I am not, how mahy'-jarr there
 1 er not held' aa prominent a’
 position as I do, and *ho may be made
 i liable to the bill _ With them i. feel.
 I (Hear, hear.) I call on you, not to
 battle, but to arm yourset ves
 for liberty, mt. I&gt;o wrung' uurnW
 by reading a letter which tho com
 mittee had sent to Horace Greeley,
 asking him to explain some matters
 with respect to the course of Presi
 dent Fillmore on the question, but
 which Mr. Greeley, for reasons best
 known to himself, had not answered.
 Dr. Smith rose and said, in the
 year of grace 1850, and, 74ih of our
 Independence, which we had reason to
 be thankful to Divene Providence, it
 has pleased the American Congress to
 suspend the habeas corpus act. The
 papers to-day, if Queen Victoria had a
 blister on her toe, or some freeman
 were shot down in a petty German
 principality, would be out in full cry
 about the melancholy etent and the
 horrible butchers. We would have
 Extra Heralds and Extra Tribunes
 ■houting it through the city: but when
 the charter of human liberty is sus
 pended, there is not a single whisper
 about it. But, thank God, we stand
 here, to-nizht, not as slaves cowering
 under the lash of our tyrants—no; we
 i stand here as free American citizens,
 and, with the blessing of God, we'will
 not desist until this odious bill is re
 pealed. I wish to know if, in a few
 months, when Daniel Webster is sit
 ting at his fireside, in Marshfield, and
 an officer comes with his papers, des
 cribes him as a large dark man, with a
 large head and big as that of Henry
 Clay, what would Mr. Webster say il
 he were carried before a magistrate,
 and after that hurried away as fast as
 steam can oarry him, to Alabama, or
 somewhere else, where he never would
 afterwards be heard of? He advised
 that one of their first duties was to
 have a committee of two appointed,
 who would be always on hand to give
 evidence and aid in favor of the poor
 fugitive. He further advised that sub
 scriptions should be immediately en
 tered into by all the colored people, to
 assist their colored brethren who would
 seek their liberty in the Eastern States;
 and described the death of Hamlet's
 wife, and said that a corner’s inquest
 should be held on her body—that Mil
 lard Fillmore, Daniel Webster, and
 Hon*ac%Greeley should be summoned
 as witnesses; and that on her tomb
 should be written “the first victim to
 the act of Cpngress of 1850. Dr.
 Smith then sat down.
 Il was then announced that a collec
 tion would be taken up to defray the
 expenses of a number of fugitive
 slaves who are now in this city on their
 way to Canada.
 John S. Jacobs, a fugitive, then
 came forward and spoke nearly as fol
 lows:—He said he came here to-night
 to give some advice, and to extend the
 hand of fellowship to his colored
 brethren. He said: My colored breth
 ren, if you have not swords, I say te
 you, sell vour garments and buy one.
 He regretted that he was not here in
 time to hear the resolutiens rcsd, to
 know if they were strong enough. If
 there be any man here to-night who
 wants to know my name, tell him it is
 John S. Jacobs, of South Carolina,
 and that lam an American citizen,
 that 1 never denied that name, neither
 did 1 ever disgrace it. They said that
 they cannot take us back to the South;
 but I say, under the present law they
 can; and now I say unto you, let them
 only take your dead bodies. Tremen
 dous cheers.) This is no time, my
 friends, to laugh; let us go to the
 bouse of mourning, and see the dead
 body of the wife of Hamlet, and her
 surviving infants. \Vell, I would rather
 see her body dragged to the stake than
 see her dragged back again into Sla
 ver/. I would, my friends, advise
 you to show a front to our tyrants, and
 arm yourselves; aye, and 1 would ad
 vise the women to have their knives
 too. But I don’t advise|you to trample
 on the laws of this State, but advise
 you to trample on the aws of this
 State, but 1 advise you to trample on
 this bill, and 1 further advise you to let
 us go on immediately, and act like
 men. He then advised the colored
 race to lay aside their religious and
 political feelings, or anything that may
 tend to separate them, and suggested
 that a registry should be commenced
 with the name of every slave, his own
 er, and all other particulars, that they
 might tend to give him every assis
 tance; and concluded by advising the
 fugitives not to suffer themselves to
 be taken.
 Rev. Charles Gardiner said he did
 not rise to make a speech, but he could
 not help telling the meeting that God
 was with them. He saw the minister
 ing angels hovering around them. He
 said that he had been travelling through
 the East for the last ten weeks, and
 that there is but one sentiment in re
 gard to this bill—-that it is a flat denial
 of the Republican principle. He told!
 them in Pittsfield, and other places,
 that they, the colored race, should go
 to war with the United States, or ac
 knowledge themselves slaves. They
 were sold, he said, by Daniel Webster,
 the veriest blood-hound to the United
 States, and, by both houses of Con
 gresss, to the South, and I call this an
 infamous Union, a Union cemented in
 blood and robbery. Yes, I sty rob
 bery, because Slavery was began by
 the robbery of the sons and danghters
of Africa. Ho said that eyerr editor
 in the United State* skulked this bill,
 by hiding it from the public, and I tar
 that thoy are all a ant of v.llians. It
 was a secret combination, at which
 Daniel Webster and the editors were
 at the bottom of, to dries the colored
 people to Africa the appropriation of
 three millions of dollars, was proposed
 for that pourpose. He said ha was
 almost disposed to cut loose altogether
 from the Presbyterian church He was
 disgusted with the ministers of that and
 the other churches—they were all
 combined sgsinst them. ‘He advised
 his brethren and sisters to be on their
 guard, and take the life of every man
 that attempted to deprive them of their
 liberty. He considered that liberty
 was the greatest and only blessing they
 enjoyed. He said that evary colored
 church should be opened on the first
 Monday every month and a concert of
 prayer held for the panting slave. He
 could hear them pray for everything
 but the poor slave, and he assured them
 that Slavery progressed upon them in
 proportion as they separated them
 selves from the Lord, y
 Jacob It. GHbbs, colored, then ad
 dressed the meeting. He said tfce
 resolutions had met his approbation*
 entirely. (Hissing, order, order.) If
 be only got men to give him their
 names, and stand with him, they, would
 &lt;Wnihn infamoMaJlw. In Mary
 land the law was equally SPlebe, but
 he risked, bis life and put it down. If
 ye submit to this law, ye are not the
 men I take you to be. Let us tell
 them at once we will not submit to it.
 Let us tell them we will not submit to
 the yoke, and theu we shall have
 peace. Had he been in time to rescue
 Hamlet, he would make New York tell
 a tale; but the next time he would
 take care to be up to time, and if he
 gets six men to go with him, the offi
 cers will have another story to tell.
 He will give assistance and shelter to
 every fugitive that wants it, and the
 bloodhounds of the law are welcome
 to take his life. He was ready to lay
 it down.
 A man in the gallery cried out that
 they had wandered from the object of
 the meeting. They had heard some
 fine speeches, but while we are speak
 ing hero, the fugitive slaves are fleeing
 from the city, from their families and
 their firesides, and if liberty is worth
 fighting for anywhere, it is worth fight
 ing for here. He concluded by calliug
 on them to appoint a committee to ad
 vise the slaves to remain, and the first
 that is taken, to rescue him; and that
 would have more effect than all the
 resolutions you would pass to-night.
 Junius C. Morrel, next spoke to the
 resolutions.—He said that in commo
 tions in a great community the first in
 quiry always was, what occasioned
 such commotion? Just so it wa9 with
 us. I would ask you, then, what
 I brought us here to-night? It was their
 famous Fugitive Slave Bill. I would
 I not tell you what to do, but I will tell
 I you what I w ill do. lam a freeman,
 and I care not for the constitution or
 the laws made by man. The is a law
 above them; and 1 tell you that before
 they drag me into Slavery they will
 have to take my life. The mau that
 would cross the threshold of my door
 to drag me into Slavery, although I am
 not a fighting man, but when I am put
 to the wall I will use this right arm,
 and deal death and destruction around
 me. But, my friends, be not the ag
 gressors —keep the peace; but always
 be prepared. I don’t agree with my
 fellow-townsman who spoke here to
 night, that we have no sympathy but I
 say we have, and if we deserve' it we
 will have more of it. He then gave
 an account of a fee colored man named
 Charles Frisbee, who was kidnapped
 in Philadelphia, and sent into Virginia;
 and a man named Stansbury, a mem
 ber of the Methodist church, who was
 also arrested, and, if it had not been
 for the testimony of Mr. Titus, a
 member of the Society of Friends, who
 was produced as a witness, and swore
 that he knew Stansbury for several
 years before the time it was said he
 escaped, and who also swore that Stans
 bury was at the battle of Bladensburg,
 under Commodore Barney, he would
 heve been condemned and sent into
 Slavery. He said they would have
 plenty of such cases. (Here a voice
 in the gallery said he would have been
 claimed in 1838 as a fugitive slave,
 only that he was in the naval service,)
 Mr. Morrell said that, in viewing the
 church ,he other day, he found the
 Church of Rome had its head—the
 Greek Church had its head—the Eng
 lish Church had its head, and so has
 the American Church; but the head of
 the American Church was the demon
 of Slavery. (Cheering.) The orator
 then went on to tell a story that hap
 pened in one of the down east church
 es, Wttch nearly led him into infidelity.
 He said that after the performance of
 some splendid ceremonies, in which all
 the white brethren and sisters joined,
 and old aged gentleman, with hoary
 locks* and with one foot in the grave,
 and the other on the brink, came for
 ward and said, now iny colored breth
 ren and sisters, it is your turn; we are
 all the same in Jesus; come and par
 take of the communion. This, my
 brethren, is the sort of religion that
 had nearly led me into infidelity; but
 if we act like men now, we will soon
 have no negro pews, and no sending
 us around about. He concluded by
 advising them to be prepared but not
 to be the aggressors.
 Jerimiah Powers, next addressed
 the meeting.—-He said that the black
 men fought side by side with their
 American brethren, and had a share
 in tho most glorious battles that were
 fought in this country, from the first
 revolution to the late war with Mexico
 the only argument he would use against
 this hell hatched code— the Fugitive
 Slave bill—was the bowie-knife and
 the revolver. They want to drag the
 black men and black women out of this
 country; but I tell you we have as
 good a right here as any white man or
 woman. He then said the locofocos
 went to Syracuse, to eat up John Van
 Buren and all the free soil niggers. It
 was the negroes elected Mr. Fillmore,
 and now he pays us off with big bills,
 and that i 9 the reason they kept dark
 about it; and only the election is near
 at hand, Horace Greeley would pub
 lish it. r
 Mr. St. Remmy, from Canada, next
 •ddressed the meetiog, He related
 several old anecdotes in n ferencs to
"
