"rCootioiMd fro* o fi rrt i
 in Canada* Many jears -go* slave
 waa arrested under the pretence of
 atealiac watch; but in fact, he waa a
 fugitive slave, and waa thrown into
 prison for several weeks, and was
 finally conveyed off by bis master.
 Therefore, he said, if the slave seeks
 Canada for refuge a better organiza
 tion must be gone into; good lawyers
 must be engaged; yes, I mean good
 ones —lawyers who can command res
 pect, or the Judges will be against
 you; one Judge in particular —I mean
 Judge Sherwood. You must gentle
 men, to the rwcue. It mu at be done
 I. for myself, will do my part. lam
 willing to take my revolver and take
 my own part. I say find, '‘rescue the
 fugitive slave,” second, send him to
 Canada; and, thirdly, “aelf-defenc
 We will not fight, willingly; we do
 not intend to proyoke a fight; but let
 us protect the slave here. We ought
 to aspire to something more than ser
 vile labor; let us dig the ground and
 not black the shoes. (Applause.) It
 is a fact that all the colored people do
 not know how to read, but they know
 how to fight. After the noise had sub
 sided a little, the speaker continued.
 The white gentlemen uphold their
 respect by fighting duels; and, my
 friends, if you want to carry your
 points, and command respect you must
 fight. (Overwhelming applause, and
 exclamations of “we will, that we
 will.”)
 Mr. Downing, then announced that
 he waa informed the wife of the fugi
 tive slave, had died that day of t»
 broken heart, at Williamsburgh, and
 proposed to raise a subscription, for the
 purpose paying the funeral expenses;
 he said it would be a shame to allow
 any other persons to do that honor,
 than this meeting. Accordingly, the
 hats and plates were handed around,
 and $14.80 was soon collected. After
 the money was counted,
 A person rose and wished to know
 if the sister of Mrs. Hamlet was
 present; if so let her comejforward, as
 the fact was necessary, to know if she
 was dead. He said that a number of
 persons were present from Williams
 burgh up to a late hour from that place
 and none had learned the fact of her
 death. After many calls for the sister
 to come forward, no one appeared, and
 it was finally concluded that the state
 ment was false—that she was not dead.
 But, whether dead or alive, said one
 of the speakers, the money collected
 shall be appropriated for her benefit;
 but we do not wish to collect money to
 bury a woman who is not dead. (Laugh
 ter.)
 Benjamin Stanley, a very dark com
 plexiooed man from North Carolina,
 (said to be, by several colored men
 present, a distant relation of Mr. Stan
 ley, the menber of Congress,) ad
 dressed the meeting with a good deal
 of spirit. Said he, go to your homes,
 good wives and prepare them to receive
 your husbands and friends wuh bruised
 arms and broken heads, tor his part,
 he recommended them to arm the slaves
 with bowie knives and revolvers; and
 arm yourselves, like men, and rescue
 yes that is the word —you must do
 the work. The poor fugitive slave,
 you must recollect, has not the courage
 of you men north, nor of the men who
 have escaped from slavery for several
 years. No, gentlemen they are fear
 ful, and know not what to do—they
 are trembling in their boots, in fear of
 their master conveying them back to
 bondage. Yet, gentlemen, shame to
 relate, you suffer a man to be taken
 from your midst.—Yes, in a population
 of 25,000 colored people, to be seized
 at noSnday, the manacles put upon
 him, and he carried off, by force, back
 to chains and Slavery. I say again,
 the fugitive slave is not safe here; but
 if they do remain here, you must pro
 tect them; they have not the courage
 necessary to protect themselves; you
 must do it, and show that a population
 of twenty-five thousand colored people
 will not allow the fugitive to be con
 veyed back to bondage. (Great cheer.)
 New York must be the battle ground.
 We cannot battle at the South, and
 therefore it must be done here. (Ap
 plause.) If it is not worth fighting for
 here, it is not worth fighting for at all.
 (Cheers and applause.*) An Albany
 paper remarked, the other day. that it
 was good to get rid of a worthless
 population. What would they say to
 put a white loafer—yes a dirty white
 loafer, who rolls about in the mud
 gatter, into chains? Aud will you
 stand by and see one of your own color
 thrown back into chains and Slavery?
 (Immense excitement, with cries of
 “No, no, no, never!”) And let me
 tell the fugitive slave to supply himself
 with a bowie knife; and if he cannot
 get arms to defend himself, let him
 hollow ont, when seized and placed in
 to a*carriage, “kidnappers;” and will
 you stand peaceably by and allow him
 to be thus carried away (Loud cries
 of “No, no.”) Therefore, how much
 better it is for the fugitive slave to stay
 here, and, if he must die, to die with
 his triends; for, if he goes to Canada,
 he may be taken at last [Cheers.]
 Edward V. Clark, almost as black
 as the former speaker. He skid that
 he did not agree exactly with the for
 mer speaker. Said he, I am well aware
 that the fugitive slave law, just passed,
 is now the law of the land, and as to
 the principle of dying before your time,
 it waa much better in theory than
 practice. For my part, I was very sick
 the othor day, and thought I should
 die; but still I had no inclination to
 leave this world. [Laughter. Go on.]
 I am opposed to conflicting with the
 law. 1 don’t know what I might do
 with a bowie knife or a revolver* 1 am
 greatly averse to taking lite. Sup-
 C, in defending one, we lose the
 iol seven. You see it would be a
 loosing game, you see dearly we lose.
 Now, I go for secreting the slaves;
 keep them private; Bhift them about,
 let each slave report himself to the
 •ecret committee. The law has been
 passed and it must be carried out—and
 sufficient force will no doubt be called
 to carry it into effect. However odious
 this law may be, still it is a law and all
 the lives we lose in opposing it, will be
 a dead loss to us. [Laughter.] I say
 again, keep thu fugitive secreted. We
 can do it. If any of them have obtained
 a little money or property about them,
 let them at once make it over to some
 pther person and move off out of reach.
We shall gain nothing by fighting
 against the law.
 Rev.' Charles R. Ray roee and
 announced that at 5 o’clock that after
 noon the balance of the money had
 been paid in, making up the $BOO, for
 the liberty of Hamlet, the fugitive slaw
 taken the other day to Baltimore;
 therefore he would come back to hit
 wife mid family. At this information
 great xheering took place and soon af
 ter the meeting adjourned, it being
 then near 12o’clock.—X 5. Standard.
THE MANSTEALING LAW.
 We copy from the Lowell American
 the following abstract;
 It is necessary that the people shall
 be acquainted with the kidnapping law
 recently enacted by Congress, and as
 we cannot keep in type, the entire law,
 we have made a brief but correct sy
 nopsis of it. Here it is:
 But in the first place let us give Dan
 iel Webster’s endorsement of the bill/
 The following is from his speech of the
 7th of March, 1850:
 Every member of every Northern
 Legislature is bound by oath to support
 the Constitution of the United States;
 and this article of the Constitution
 Which says to these States that they
 shall deliver up fugitive slaves is as
 binding in honor ana in conscience as
 any other article; and no man fulfils
 his duty, under his oath, in any State
 Legislature who sets himself tn w*— 1
 rn find excuses, evasions, escapes from
 his constitutional duty. My
 friend at the head of the Judiciary
 Committee has a bill upon the subject
 now before the Senate, with some
 amendments to it which have been
 offered. I propose to support that bill
 with all proper authority and provis
 ions in it, to the fullest exteut—to the
 fullest extent.”
 Now here is the substance of the
 “Bill”:
 Duties of Commissioners.
 Commissioners who have been or
 shall be appointed by the Circuit
 Courts of the United States, are au
 thorized and required to exercise and
 discharge all the powers and duties
 conferred by this act.— -Sec. 1.
 Appointment of Commissioners.
 The Superior Court of each organ
 ized Territory shall have the same
 power to appoint Commissioners as the
 Circuit Court of the U. S., and the
 commissioners appointed by these Su
 perior courts are to possess the powers
 conferred upon those appointed by the
 Circuit Courts.— Sec. 2.
 Officer's to be appointed.
 The Circuit Courts and the Superior
 Courts shall have power to enlarge the
 number of commissioners with a view
 to afford reasonable facilities to seize
 fugitives.— See. 3.
 Duty of Commissioners.
 The Commissioners shall grant cer
 tificates to claimants, upon satisfactory
 proof, with authority to take fugitives
 to the State or Territory from which
 they have fled.— Sec. 4.
 Duties of Marshals Penalties.
 Marshals and Deputy Marshals are
 commanded to obey and execute all
 warrants and precepts under this act,
 under penalty (for refusal or neglect)
 of a fine of $lOOO to the use of the
 fiaiamnt. See. 5.
 Marshal’s penalty for slave’s escape.
 If a fugitive shall escape from a
 marshal or deputy, after his arrest,
 with or without his assent, he shall be
 liable on his official bond to be prose
 cuted for the benefit of such claimant
 for the lull value of the service or labor
 of the fugitive.— Sec. 5.
 Bystanders required to aid the man
 stealers.—Commissioners are author
 ized to appoint persons to execute their
 warrants, with authority to summon
 and call to their aid the by-standers or
 posse comitatus when necessary. All
 good citizens are commanded to aid
 and assist in the prompt and efficient
 execution of the law whenever their
 services may be required.— Sec. 5.
 Fugitives may be seized without process.
 When a man has escaped from ser
 vice or labor, his claimant may pursua
 and reclaim him, either by procuring a
 warrant from the court or commission
 er, or by seizing him without process
 and taking him before the tribunal.—
 Sec. 6.
 Case to be decided summarily.
 When the fugitive is thus taken, it
 shall be the duty of the commissioner
 to decide the case in a summary man*
 ner, and upon satisfactory proof that
 the fugitive does owe service or labor
 te the claimant, the commissioner shall
 issue his certificate, authorizing the
 claimant to take the fugitive, and to
 use such reasonable force as is neces
 sary to carry him back to slavery.—
 Sec." 6.
 Certificate to be sufficient evidence.
 A deposition or affidavit, certified in
 proper form by the court of the State
 from which the fugitive escaped, shall
 be considered satisfactory evidence of
 the fact of escape, and also of the
 identity of the fugitive. These certifi
 cates shall be conclusive of the right
 of the claimant to remove his prey, aftd
 shall prevent all molestation by any
 process issued by any court, judge,
 magistrate, or any other persons whom
 soever.—See. 6.
 Fugitive’s evidence wA to be taken.
 In no trial or hearing under this act
 shall the fugitive’s testimony be admit
 ted in evidence.— Sec. 6.
 Penalty for obstructing the man-stealer.
 Any person who shall knowingly and
 willingly obstruct, hinder or prevent
 the claimant, his agent, or attorney, or
 any person or persons lawfully assist
 ing him from arresting the fugitive,
 with or without process, shall be sub
 ject to a fine not exceeding $lOOO, and
 imprisonment not exceeding 6 months,
 and shall moreover pay to the claimant
 the sum of $lOOO for each fugitive so
 lost.— Sec. 7.
 Penalty for rescuing a man from the
 manstealers. —Any person who shall
 rescue or attempt to rescue the fugitive
 from custody, is liable to the same pen
 alty.—Sec. 7.
 Penalty foi harboring a man from the
 pursuit of the manstealers. —Any person
 who shall harbor or conceal the fugi
 tive, knowing him to be one, is liable
 to the same penalty.— Sec. 7.
 Bribe to f&amp;e Commissioner to deliver
 the fugitive to the manstealer. The
 Commissioner shall be entitled to a fee
 of ten dollars if he shall deliver the
 fugitive into slavery, but only five in
 cases where he shall not deem the
proof sufficient to send him back.—
 Sec 7.
Manstealers to be aided in can of an
 attempt to resene —Upon affidavit by the
 claimant that he has reason to appre
 hend a rescue, the officer making the
 arrest shall take him into slavery, and
 shall employ as many persons as aie
 necessary to overcome the force—the
 United States to pay the bill.— Sec. 9.
 What constitutes testimony.
 When a fugitive has fled, his claim
 ant may make satisfactory proof of the
 fact to any court of record in the State
 or Territory from whence he escaped,
 and the said court shall cauae a record
 to be made of the fact, and a descrip
 tion of the fugitive and a transcript of j
 this record shall be full and conclusive
 evidence in the tribunal where the fugi
 tive may be found, and upon its being
 produced, the fugitive shall be delivered
 up. In the absence of such transcript
 of record, the claim shall be deter
 mined by other satisfactory proof, com
 petent in law.— Sec. 10.
 Approved Sept. 18,1850.
 MILLARD FILLMORE.
PUBLIC ACTION oa the FUGITIVE
 SLAVE LAW.
 At meetings called for the purpose,
 Oberlin, Oct. Ist, 3d, and 4th, the fol
 lowing resolutions were fully discussed
 and earnestly adopted:
 Resolved, That we regard the late
 fuffitive Tv uaTK age
 and a tyrannical government; and that
 we acknowledge, with mortification and
 shame, this evidence that barbarism
 and oppression in our country have tri
 umphed over the spirit of liberty and
 of progress.
 That the provisions of this bill are in
 plain and flagrant violation of the Con
 stitution of the United States, in the
 following particulars: It suspends the
 action of the writ of habeas corpus, in
 a case not warranted by the Constitu
 tion. It deprives a citizen of the right
 of trial by jury, in a case transcending
 in importance every pecuniary consid
 eration; and it* deprives persons of lib
 erty in entire disregard of the course
 of proceedings which a due process
 of law” would demand.
 That a union which brings us under
 the law of slavery, and enjoins upon
 us the loathsome work of slave-catch
 ing, shall not be numbered among our
 precious things, and that if our submis
 sion to such disgrace is to be the con
 dition of its existence, we cannot pay
 the price.
 That we contemplate with mingled
 emotions of humiliation and disgust, the
 action of a congress that could pass,
 and of the President who could sign,
 a bill containing these iniquitous pro
 visions; and that we find in this dis
 graceful event a melancholy proof of
 the oft-repeated assertion, that the
 slave power not only rules in the South
 but has poisoned our national legisla
 tion, and made the national Executive
 a catch-poll for the recovery of its
 victims.
 That while we regard the command
 to hide the outcast, and not to bewray
 the wanderer,” and not to deliver unto
 his master the servant that is escaped
 from his master, as embodying princi
 ples sanctioned by the highest Law
 giver, and while we regard this law as
 forbidding what God commands, and
 as commanding what God forbids—we
 will study to obey the law which tran
 scends all human enactments, appeal
 ing id the language of the apostle, even
 to those who have decreed this un
 righteous decree, whether it be right
 in the sight of God to hearken to you
 more than unto God, judge ye.”
 That we tender our thanks to the
 Congress and President of the United
 States for having advertised the people
 of file North of the meanness of the
 work demanded of them and the miser
 able venality of the men who are to
 figure as the tools in this abhorrent
 business, by offering the pitiful bribe of
 five dollars to the Commissioner who
 will decide to consign a fellow-being to
 slavery on the testimony of robbers and
 men-stealers.
 That the Northern man who, as
 Judge, Commissoner, or Marshal, or
 in any capacity, shall consent to aid in
 the execution of this law, has too little
 of the man about him to claim our pity
 or move our contempt.
 That while by the provisions of this
 law the area of slavery is virtually ex
 tended over the whole country, and the
 entire power of the General Govern
 ment arrayed on the Ride of the claim
 ant of slaves; yet we hereby solemnly
 affirm that while our fugitive brother
 remains in our midst, we will stand by
 him to the last, to protect him by all
 justifiable means in our power.
 That those Northern men who voted
 for the so-calied fugitive bill, knowing
 as they must the feelings of their con
 i.tituents, deserve the condemnation
 and execration of all good men, and
 we believe their names will go down to
 posterity a hissing and a by-word.
 That J. M. Root, our fearless Rep
 resentative in Congress, and those who
 labored with him, are worthy of our
 hearty thanks for the noble stand they
 have taken in the cause of liberty.
 That we recommend the holding of
 Mass xVleetings throughout the Noith
 to express and embody the feeling of
 the people against this Bill of Abomi
 nations, and that various measures be
 prosecuted immediately to secure its
 repeal, and that we call on the con
 ductors of the press, the members of
 the Bar, and the Ministers of the Gos
 pel, to unite their efforts to annul this
 statute so at war with Liberty, Law
 and Religion.
 That we see in this act fresh and
 convincing proof that the Constitution
 of the United States must either be
 given up to the slaveholders, or be in
 terpreted as all laws should be inter
 preted, and thus be rescued from sla
 very, and made to subserve the great
 ends for which it declares itself to be
 framed.
 That the above resolutions be pub
 lished io the Cleveland True Democrat,
 Elyria C urier, Elyria Argus, Oberlin
 Evangelist, Ohio Standard, North Star,
 Impartial Citizen, National Era, Lib
 **r»y Party Paper, and all other papers
 opposed to the Fugitive Slave Bill.
 J. H. Fairchild, CUui.
 H. Hill, Sec’y. 9
ICF* In Chicago no one has yet been
 touad who will accept the appointment
 of Commiaaiooer to carry into execu
 tion the Fugitive Slave Law,
whig meeting at rochiiteh
 Pursuant to the call published ,io
 our column*, a meeting of the Whigs
 of Moan* County was held last even
 tog is Irving Hall, for the purpose o!
 appointing three Delegates to repre
 sent the County in the Utica Conven
 tion. The Hall was filled to ovefflow-
 motion of Dr. Kelsey, Hot. F.
 F. Backus was appointed president.
 On motion of W. H. Burtis, Mortimer
 F. Reynolds and James H. Kelly were
 appointed Secretaries.
 On motion, the Chair appointed the
 following gentlemeq a Committee on
 resolutions, viz: Thomas H. Kechea
 ter, Alex. KeJsey, Selab Mathews S.
 W. D. Moore, A. Mann. On motion
 the following gentlemen were appoint
 ed by the Chair to report the names of
 Delegates totheConventional Futica,
 viz: Leonard Adams, Jonathan Child,
 William Kidd. The last named Com
 mittee reported the following gentlemen 1
 as such Delegates, who were, on mo
 tion, unaninfbusly appointed. Seiah
 Mathews, of Brighton, Thomas H.
 Rochester, of Rochester, William G.
 Lacy, of Wheatland.
 Dr. Kelsey being loudly called upon
 addressed the meeting in some elo
 quent remarks which were louly
 cheered.
 The Comuuttae o„
 purred the following which were unani
 mously adopted.
 Resolved, That we are Whigs, and
 that politically we are nothing else;
 and that we ardently desire and will
 earnestly labor for the success of the
 Whig nomination of our State and
 Country.
 Resolved, That we recognize in
 Millard Fillmore, a Whig ol approved
 fidelity; that is truly national policy
 and wise moderation in a period of
 unexampled difficulty and perplexity
 have produced the happiest results and
 entitle him to the gr atitude of his
 country, and that his administration is
 eminently deserving of support from
 the entire whig party of the Union.
 Resolved, That we deeply lament
 the apparent, and as we trust, tempo
 rary division of the Whig party of this
 State, caused by the extraordinary ac
 tion of the majority in the Syracuse
 Convention in rejecting the excellenf
 and conciliatory resolutions reported
 by the regular committee on resolu
 tions, and the adoptions of others which
 censure by necessary implication a
 large number of Whig representatives
 who thought it their duty to vote for the
 settlement of the Bundary Controversy
 with Texas, as recommended by Presi
 dent Fillmore in his Message of the
 6th of August last.
 Resolved, That the inexorable re
 quirement of the majority in the Syra
 cuse Convention that the majority
 should render “especial thanks” to
 Gov. Seward, for acts in which he
 separated himself from all his Whig
 associates in the Senate, which our
 judgment cannot approve, and form no
 part of the Whig creed or platform,
 was tyrannical, and directly calculated
 to destroy the harmony, unity and
 efficiency of the party.
 Resolved, That in our opinion it is
 the chief duty of the Utica Convention
 to counteract the mischievous conse
 quences flowing from this conduct o(
 the majority at Syracuse, by declaring
 to our brethren of this State and of
 other States, the true Whig ground on
 which we stand and have always stood,
 and by taking measures to secure the
 election of the S*ate ticket, without
 making ourselves or our candidates
 justly liable to the imputation of Sec
 tionalism, Abolitionism or any o’ther
 destructive heresy sought to be fast
 ened upon the party.
 Resolved, That while we are dis
 posed in good faith to carry out all the
 requirements of the Constitution, ns
 well when they do not accord with our
 interests and sympathies, as when they
 do, we nevertheless approve of the vote
 given by our immediate Representative,
 Hon. A. M. Schermerhorn, and the
 other Whig members from this State,
 in Congress, against the Fugitive
 Slave Bill, in asmuch as we deem its
 provisions harsh, oppressive and at
 variance with the usual course of legal
 pioceedings in the Free States.
Gems of Truth. —Duty is not only
 pleasant, but cheap. Every man’s
 actions from a centre of influence upon
 others; and every deed, however
 trivial, has some weight in determining
 the future destiny of the world. The
 good fruits of human life are the pro
 duce of mingled smiles and tears, as
 th&lt;* fruits of the field require sunshine
 and rain. As without clouds there can
 be no rain, and without rain no fertili
 ty; so without sorrow there can by no
 tears, and without tears the heart jvould
 soon be barren. A cloud upon the
 soul shrouds and darkens the earth
 more than a cloud in the Armament.
 The spectacle is in the spectator.
 Every deceased friend is a magnet that
 draws us into another world. They
 who are independent in love .are gen
 rerally so in everything else. If weak
 in this respect, they are generally weak
 in other respects. How rarely do we
 accurately weigh what we have to
 sacrifice against what we have to gain!
 One act of beneficence, one act of real
 usefulness, is worth all the abstract
 sentiment in the world! It is happy
 enough that the same vices wich impair
 ones’s fortune frequently rum the con
 stitution, that the one may not survive
 the other. —British Banner.
Fugitives is Canada. The To
 ronto Globe of the Isth says: Great
 numbers of escaped slaves still coutinue
 to pour into Canada from all parts of
 the United States. Most of these ref
 ugees go towards the Elgin (colored)
 Association, in the Western District,
 and are 'here, we understand, pur
 chasing land from the Rev. Mr. King,
 the President of the Association, as
 fast as he can sell it to them.
 "Families are separating, leaving
 their homes, and dying in all directions
 to seek in Canada, under the British
 flag, the protection denied them in tne
 Free Republic!
 We would not feel called upon to
 remark upon the bill, were it not likely
 to prove injurious to ourselves, by driv
 ing immense numbers of slaves to set
 tle among us. But in flying from dan
 cer, it is quite natural that they should
 direct their course to the nearest place
 of safety, and that place is Canada.**
 0 7
Asylui for the Sick.
 DR. HAMILTON’S Hydropathic and Anelytit
 Asylum, No 217 Exchange Street, opposite *e
 Orphan Asylum, Rochester, N.Y. This Institute*
 is io» firmly established and in successful opera
 tion. The proprietor analyzes every diseas e:hat t«
 admitted there, and applies the natural uud appro
 priate remedy. Although water «a used in every wny
 that is applied in any aaler-care estaMishmem in
 the Uaited Statea, vet the proprietor wishes it to he
 expressly understood that it is not relied on as the sal#
 or principal i emedy ia the treatment of disease »i*&gt;-
 qiitted to his care.
 This Establishment is designed for that class of
 invalids who hare failed to obtain their health by all
 other systems ef practice, and are still unable to
 walk or aland on tbeir feet, and are confined to their
 beds, wearing out a life of misery and suffering with
 out any hope of ever being any better.
 The remedies made use of tn this Institution not
 only entirely remove disease I art give increased
 strength and elasticity to the system. Many hare
 been brought here from different parts of the coun
 try, who had neither walked ox borne their weight
 on their feet from five to fifteen years; and some
 who hare been unable to dress or undress, or even
 to feed themselves, and in the course of a few weeks
 would be walking with the elasticity of youth aad
 the quickness of a pedestrian, astonished at them
 selves, and surprising their friends and all who saw
 tliem when they first came. The treatment of this
 Institution is imrticulurly calculated to remove the
 diseases peculiar to females, such as
 Ist. The falling of the Womb, in all its stages
 and conditions in patients, from twelve years of age
 up to sixty, and even if they have been confined to
 their heds from one to twenty, unable to stand, walk,
 dress, or undress themselves, or even tqo feeble to
 bear any noise or apeak aloud.
 2d. Weakness and Falling of the Bowels; Pain
 in the Side, Shoulders, Back ami Head- Spinal
 Iffylpepsia
 all its forma and stages. Piles, Costiveness, l&gt;i
 arrbceu, Suppression of tlm Menses, Excessive
 Menstruation, Whites, all Nervous Diseases, Cold
 Feet and 11 ands, St. Anthony’s Dance, Tetters of
 all kinds, Salt Rheum, in its worst forms, Neural
 gia, Tic Douloureux, Rheumatism, Consumutiod in
 its fit st stages, General Weakness and Debility.
 Tlie proprietor has given his whole attention to
 the above diseases for the last ten years, and has
 treated them in an entirely different way from nay
 other private practice or public Institution in this
 country; and such has been his success, and so cer
 tain are bis remedies in tneir effects on those dis
 eases, that instead of publishing a long list of cer
 tified cures, he wishes to give that class of invalids
 seeking to obtain their health a sufficient guarantee
 against any false pretensions, exaggeration, impo
 sition or deception, so that no one need be to any
 expense in this Institution without being benefited
 The proprietor will enter into a special contrac.
 with any one who wishes to do so, that lie will ad
 mit into' the Institution, to advance the monev and
 nay all the expenses from any part of the tluited
 States here and back home again, before he com
 mences the treatment, and give a bond to board them,
 together with his professional services, for nothing,
 if he does not help them according to contract. Any
 one thinking the above proposition not a sufficient
 guarantee against misrepresentations and expense
 wthout receiving equal benefit, can let the proorie
 or know what wil. be satisfactory, and it shall be
 duly considered.
 Tins Institution has grown up from private prac
 tice by the iiiffoeiice of tfipse who have been helped
 here, as nothing has ever been published before;
 and the proprietor means that it shall sustain itsel.
 byffits own merits, or pay the expense of those who
 choose to make a contract in case of failure. The
 design of this Circular is not to make known the
 cures that have lieen made in this institution, because
 they must soon be believed pbut lo let it be mor
 extensively known to the poor suffering invalids
 that have spent hundreds of dollars in trying all
 other systems of practice, and without much or any
 lienefit, and still remain confined to their beds from
 five to twenty years, that there is an Institution
 whose treatment is different from any other one tire
 United States, wul is particularly adapted to their
 situation, and ca» have it cost tltem nothing unless
 they are materially benefited.
 From the nature of treatment in this Institution,
 the nnmber of patients must be limited, therefore die
 proprietor doesuut solicit the patronage of slight and
 ordinary cases which may be easily helped by other
 systems of practice; nor dues lie want any one to
 come, unless diey wish to get wed, and are willing
 to be made well enough to walk from five to twenty
 miles at a time, and follow it up day after day in
 succession; and also willing to be made able to en
 dure as much labor and fatigue as most of people
 that call themaeives well, as he means that every
 one that goes through a thorough course of treatment
 in the Analytic Institution shall show by their in
 creased strength, elasticity of motion, firmness oi
 texture, capability of endurance, and improved
 health, that the treatment in this Institution is found
 ed on the natural laws of organized matter, and
 consequently its superiority over every other dif
 ferent system of practice.
 All communications addressed to Dr. THOMAS
 HAMILTON, Rochester, post paid, will receive
 immediate attention. If requested, reference will
 be made to those who have been helped in this Insti
 tution and also good references as lo responsibility
 ortlie proprietor lo meet the above expenses if;
 required.
ATHOL WATER CURE.
 THE Subscriber begs leave to call the attention
 of Invalids, especially those suffering from
 chronic disease, to his hydropathic establishment in
 Athol, Mass.
 His house was opened for the reception of patients
 past season, and it is believed offers excellent facili
 dies for philosophic and thorough course in hydro
 pathy. The supply of water is abundant, and in
 piirilv has been pronounced equal to water ou a
 blistifled.” The location is quite eligible, being bul
 a short distance from the V. &amp;M. railroad. The
 vicinity abounds in a variety of scenery, and has
 charming grounds for walks and rambles. 80 that
 with the water, suitable regimen, mountain air, and
 exercise, patients can scarcely fail to obtain the
 healthful results for which they labor.
 The following case illustrates this remark. Mrs.
 8., wife of Dea. 8., of Warwick, Mass., aged
 about thirty-five years, was brought to me fast
 August. Her case presented the following pheno
 mena. If placed in an erect position, and left un
 supported, she forthwith fell backward *to the
 ground. If being well supported, she made an
 effort to walk, either foot, when carried forward,
 despite her efforts to the contrary, would cross the
 other. She had been in this condition nearly a
 year. Her treatment commenced the 16th of Sept.,
 and was continued to the 26th Oct. only, when she
 left, so far recovered as to be able to walk half a
 mile with ease. Since her return to her family, shel
 has continued her baths, with corresponding im
 lirovement to her health. She now attends to her
 aomestic duties, and with the assistance of a small
 girl, does the work of her family.
 peFatients are desired to bring three comfortables,
 don pair of woollen blankets, one pair of sheets,
 a, If a dozen towels marked, with old linen tor
 bandages.
 Terms, from five to teu dollars per week, accord
 ing to tlie necessities or choice of the patients.
 Those who are less particular in the selection ot
 rooms, or are willing to occupy them in common
 withothers, will be charged has.
 Athol, March, 1848. GEORGE HOYT.
Free Labor Goods.
 MANUFACTURED by the American Free Pro*
 duce Association, and for sale at No. 31, North
 Fifth-street, Philadelphia:
 Manchester Ginghams; Checks, Apron and Fur
 niture; Canton Flannel, unbleached; Muslin,
 bleached and unbleached, of various qualities and
 width; thin Muslin for lining*, brown and colored;
 Bird Eye Towels; black and white Wadding;
 Cotton Laps; Lamp Wick; Bed Ticking, an ex
 cellent article; Calico, Stockings, Knitting Cotton,
 &amp;c. &amp;c.
 Orders for Goods, or letters desiring information,
 may be addressed to J. Miller McKim, 31, North
 Fifth-street; Daniel L. Miller, Tenth-street; or to
 James Mott, No. 35, Church Alley.
 A large and handsome assortment of Prints now
 on hand. iul —tf
Colored Sailors’ Hone,
 330, Pearl Street, New York.
 FRIENDS wf the slave, and strangers on a visit
 I to New York, can now be accommodated with
 as good Board, and at as low a price as in any other
 house in the city. The house is large and con
 venient; will bold comfortably seventy persons.
 Families can have private rooms, and every atten
 tion paid to their comfort. WH. P. POWELL.
 May 11 ,1849
 Palmer’s Artificial Leg.
 rllS entirely new, beautiful, and eminently ser
 vicable limb, which has received the highe-a
 awards aad most hearty testimonials of all the
 principal scientific institutions and surgeons of
 hospitals in this country, in addition to those who
 have used the limb, as being in every respect supe
 rior to any limb ever before invented ia Europe sr
 America, is now manufactured in SmoogfiMi Awes.,
 by Messrs. P*L«n*, Guam*a It Hopso*
 Thty leorran ttUue tatm/mtt m
 lirfltm*.
 Dn, Hamilton and Bm«*i sf Buffalo.
 Dr. Ganson, Batavia.
 Drs. Wibitis and Moo**, Rochester.
 Dr, port**, OorhsmfXwho wears one.)
 Dr. Honnn,9jtocmo ssp 14-fa*
Hibtei’s Eclectic Me4lcal lastttite
 urt Water-Care BsUMiAaeat.
 THIS Institution hw beet. i. successful op«%Uou
 X during fourteen years, for the cure of nil Chronic
 Dine— Mi, rad such cannot be removed by madi
 cine atone. *r&gt; i
 MORE THAN THREE THOUSAND Pi
 ticatn hare been restored to health nod asrfalnr i r
 by the treatment punned at this laatituu—, who
 could not find relief by any other coarse of medi
 cine. Hundreds who had been confined to their
 beds for years, and who were almost in despair,
 bane had renewed hope and courage when they hare
 learned that others, laboring under as many diaeotir
 ageeieats as themselves, have been cured by this
 treatment after everything else had failed.
 Those who are laiboring under CHRONIC, NER
 VOUS, or SPINAL difficulties, CURVATURES,
 Ac., which produce symptoms of almost all other
 diseases, with their accompaniments —as DYS
 PEPSIA,RHEUMATISM,NEURALGIA, COR
 TIVENESS, LOSS OF THE USE OF THE
 LIMBS, NUMBNESS, LOW SPIRITS, PAR
 TIAL INSANITY, and a host of other diseases
 arising from the same cause—SPINAL WEAK
 NESS, which they nor their physicians understand,
 and which medicine alone will not cure—to such
 sufferers we would say, we are curing hundreds jwt
 like you every year. Physicians bring their wives
 and children to bare them not come
 yourselves, and tare life, time and money 1
 We are using water in all the various ways in
 which it is applied in water-cure establishments; yet
 we do not rely selely upon it, or upon medicines as
 they are generally understood and applied; but a
 COMBINED TREATMENT WITH ELECTRICITY,
 and a new mode of application which truly is magi
 cal in its efficacy, ana is always sure to cure, in one
 half the time it takes under any other treatment,
 allowing that treatment to be successful, which is not
 he case one time in ten.
 Female Diseases.— Prolapsus Uteri (falling
 of the womb,) Leucorrhea, [whites] suppressed and
 excessive menstruation, the diseases incident to
 that period known ns the tujrn of life’—involuntary
 discharge or urine ana injuries from Childbearing,
 which are more frequent than Physicians are willing
 to acknowledge, especially within their owu practice.
 Females frequently suffer for years from the diseases
 incident to their sex, and linger out a life of help
 lessneas and pain, when a few weeks’ or at most a
 few months’treauneot, would remove iheirdiffioeltiei
 and restore them to their families, with health to
 labor, to enjoy themselves, and to contribute to the
 happiness of otiiers. This has never failed to be
 accomplished in a single instance in this Institution,
 however weak and helpless the patient may have
 been on entering it. Many have come hundreds ol
 miles on beds, in easy chairs, by boat, by carriage
 and railroau, who had not walked for years. Thev
 ladies have walked miles daily before leaving the
 Institution.
 Such u our knowledge and confidence in this unpar
 alelled treatment for all long standing or Chrome dis
 eases, of whatever kind or nature, that we will offer tlu
 following
 PROPOSITION:
 We will enter into a special written agreement will
 such as desire a, who enter the Institution, follow th
 rules and regulations, and go through the system o
 treatment, to pay their travelling expenses to and fron
 the Institution, and board, lodge and nurse them, am
 give them our professional services, free of charge, I
 they are not helped according to agreement. This it i"
 hoped will pul a stop to cries of empyricism fron
 those interested'in keeping patients under theirowi
 charge, and will be a guarantee to those worn ou
 by disease, who liave spent much of their substano
 iu procuring medicine, and seeking relief, withou
 finding it; thatliere they will not spend weir mone
 without benefit, and that no false statements or ini
 positions will be practiced upon them.
 The modus operand! of curing Female difficulties .1
 a new discovery and practised only at this Institution
 The most helpless and feeble cases, who have been con
 fined for years, are relieved immediately, and if not pri
 vented from walking by OTHER diseases, can go a
 and down stairs in 48 hours after commencing treatment
 without fear or trouble in regard to their original dij
 Acuity. To product this almost instantaneous relitj
 the patient is subjected to no pain or inconvenience, an
 in every instance a speedy cure u performed. If an
 one doubts let them select the most trying and dtffi
 cult case they can find, and test our veracity and shil
 Our terms are easy.
 N. B.—Any one wishing to know more about on
 system of treatment for Lung diseases or any oth&lt;
 difficulty can address us [post paid] and we wi
 send them an account of the Institution—Qertifiqau
 of cure—official report of last year, Ac., free
 charge—together with the most respectable refei
 ences in the city and country.
 P.B.—Our room is limited, therefore we wai
 none to apply that can be cured at home. We prii
 ourselves in curing what others are not foftunai
 enough to do.
 Communications should be addressed to Halste
 Hall, Medical Institute, Rochester, N. Y., poi
 paid.
 References.— Joseph Field Ex-Mayor, ar
 Rev. G. VV. Montgomery, Rochester, N. Y.
 JOHN D. REYALEON, Hair Cutting Salot
 and Perfumery Emporium, 114, Blackstone-s
FREE PRODUCE STORE.
 NEW GOODS just recived. General reduction
 in prices.
 Fine 4-4 Prints various styles.
 New styles ol Prims of medium quality, usual.width.
 Fine and wide Paper Muslius. Also Coined
 Cambrics.
 Curtain Calico. Superior fine Chintz Umbrellas
 Oil Cloths.
 Satinets, good and cheap. Also on hand, mostly n»
 reduced prices Ginghams various qualities and
 styles.
 Fine and heavy Shirting, Sheetings, and Pillow
 Muslins.
 Striped Cambrics. Fine 6-4 Plaid Mus in.b
 Muslin de Laine, plain and neatly figured, all wool.
 Linens, warranted free from cotton.
 Flannels 4-4 good and price low. Canton flannels
 white ami colored.
 Table Diaper and Cloths, of different styles.
 Apron and Furniture Check. Cotton Handkerchiefs.
 Cotton Twilled Pantaloon Stuffs. Also Linen
 Drilling &amp;r.
 Losig and half Hose, fine and heavy.
 Knitting Cotton, various Nos., bleached, brown, and
 colored.
 Wadding white and colored Cotton Laps. Also,
 Refined Loaf Crushed and Pulverized Sugar.
 Brown Sugar good quality, of various grades.
 The whole stock exclusively Free Labor Goods,
 to which the Subscriber woakl invite the attention
 of country merchants as well as his friends and the
 public generally.
 Much pains is taken by the Managers of the Free
 Produce Association, to assist the Subscriber to en
 large the assortment from time to time.
 GEORGE W. TAYLOR,
 Northwest corner Fifth and Cherry-sts
 Philadelphia 2d mo. Ist, 1848. tf
JUST PUBLISHED suid for sale at the office o
 of the Anti Slavery Standard—
 The Legion of Liberty und Force of Truth It b
 edition.
 This work contains about 290 pages of close
 reading; 300 eminent authorities, and about sixty
 illustrative engravings. Price 374 ct in muslin,
 and 25 cents in paper covers. A vety liberal dis
 count to those who purchase a number of copies.
 The Condition, Influence Rights and Appeal ol
 Women from various authors, 124 cents.
 Letter to the People of the United States touching
 the Matter of Slavery. By Theodore Parker.—
 pp. 120. Price 18| cents.
 Wm. W. Brown’s Lecture before the Female A S.
 Society of Salem Mass. Reported by H. M.
 Parkhurst, Boston.—pp. 22. Price 5 cents.
Anti-Slavery Office,
 No. 31, North Fifth Street, Philadelphia.
 A FULL assortment of anti-slavery publication
 is kept constantly on hand. Also a bandsom
 variety of miscellaneous publications, and usetu
 and Fancy Stationery.
 AH letters relating to the business of the oflke
 to be directed to J. Miller McKim, 81, North
 Fifth-street, Philadelphia. ,jul— tf
 “Every Ulan his own Physician.”
 THE HOME DOCTOR.
 JUST PUBLISHED, a new and valuable book
 for every family in the country, and one that may
 be consulted with perfect safety. As its title page
 indicate*, it is “THE HOME DOCTOR, or Family
 Manual, giving the causes, symptoms and treatment
 of Diseases; with an account of the system while in
 liealth, and rules for preserving that state. Appen
 ded to whieh are recipes for making various medi
 cines and articles for diet for the sick room. The
 whole written for general use and dailyjpractice, by
 John B. Newman, M, D.*’
 Also, accompanying diis book, or separate, is
 “THE HERI* BOOK, a book devoted exclusively
 to Herbs, giving their names, varieties,de«xiption,
 medical properties and doses, use, time of gathering,
 and many other direction* very useful for every fam
 ily to know, and written expressly for family use.”
 The Herb Book is devoted solely to Popular Med
 col «d. wiU furnish on Uiat point all the
 ■K*ired information wanted for general use
 The two books are put up and bound together and
 contain 200 pages, price 26 cents, or sold separate
 at I2i cents.
 The symptoms of each disease are earefnlly given
 so tout one may be recognised from another, to pre
 vent practising iu the dbrk; also the treatment, a
 sketch of general physiology, aad rules lor keeping
 in health, together with observations on their causes,
 means of avoiding deleterious influences, aad such
 other .remarks as are deesoed both
 suds sad/invurfv,
TW book kM km written with great out.
 sSr£
 pUSUnTiTpS bo&lt; r
 JZjZIiZ,Z™2-JXi 1...
 f** unhealthy ehmatea, «w»,is
 fa.l to proma a my «d has* it at all
 “'f 1 iMIt by
 time of ■SdTiaS3i
 The pnrtaat which the book i. j/”,*
 sszjfjr ~y f h -srSSfti
 ea.il, I* mt. hv'^jil. l ,|TijS»
 aartofthe United State*. i oenu to say
 «-Aaypersansendiagu.su.
 pre-payu* postage on the letter, ahaT £fj*£!
 copies sent him frtf of ,TB ,#UI
 Seoa in yo.tr orders#, there i# no risk in
 money by mail, it come# to us daily, *,*l lU boX
 always reach tbV destination. wan
 F ur can club together ami #eod
 dollar bill, and hare four books seat to on* adriroM
 WANTED—Agent# j D most of tli
 this work, almost erery family will purchase it
 carried to their doom. A small capita) of from BS9
 to $5O will be necessary for each agent. Address
 GEO. W.TISIIEIL
 April 1,1849. 6 Exchange-st, Rochester. N. Y
M
 G. W MERCHANT'S;
 L, H It T-K 1&gt;
 (rA H( t 1 ING f )FL. j
TTNPARAItED IN THE HISTORY OP
 MEDICINE
 AS THI MOST
 Rewrkable External Application
 Ever Discovered!
 f I W* proved that this
 REMSD b*a not its equal
 on the list of popular medicines, having been bet'or*
 the public for more than fourteen years. Teetimo
 nv of tlm most disinterested character of its won
 denul effects on the animal economy is almost daily
 presented to the proprietor. It i, worthy of
 cutl remark that beside the great and extraordinary
 powers in the cure of 7
 DISEASES OF THE HORSE
 tu virtue, first attracted the attention oi
 the Farrier and Fanner, and the. wonder of the
 public generally, it has been successfully emploved
 in a great variety of the maladies which
 AFFLICT the human RACE.
 Ignorance of facts and philosophy, start at the
 assertion that any one remedy can possess within
 itseli the virtue of curing mam diseases. Experi
 ence of more llian fourteen baa nevertheless
 established the fact, that Merchant’s Celebrated
 Gargling Oil, or Universal Family Embrocation,
 will cure most cases and relieve such as the follow
 ing, among many others in the core of which this
 Oil has been completely successful and in which Oth
 er pretended remedies liave completely failed
 RHEUMATISM, PAINFUL NERVOUS AF
 factions, Bites of Animals, Frost Bites, Corns,
 Boils, Whitlows, Asthma, Bruises,Burns,
 and Scalds, Cramps, Strains, Sprains,
 Ulcers from local causes, Caked
 Breasts, Contractions of the mus
 cles,Wounds, Swellings, Ac.
 Also a host of diseases
 in Horses and other
 animals,such as
 SPAVINS,
 Sweeney,
 RINGBONE,
 Windgall, Poll Evil,
 Callous, Cracked Heels,
 Galls of all kinds,
 Fresh Wounds, Bruises,
 Fistula, Sitfast, Strains, Lameness,
 Sand Cracks, Foundered Feet, Scratches.
 OR GREASE, MANGE, FARCY, *c.
 Numerous are the unsolicited statements of pa
 tients themselves; and others who have used the Oil,
 of cures which in themselves appear so remarkable
 that were they at all interested in a pecuniary point,
 they could hardly have been credited.
 I he celebrated Dr. Parker also writes as follows:
 Pear Sir: I have prescribed your Gargling Oil in
 various cases of
 PRACTICAL SURGERY,
 as a liniment, with marked success, and would cora
 meml it to physicians generally for external use in
 all contusions, tumors, sprains, white swellings,
 and in all rlwunmtie affections, where external
 means are necessary. As a discutient, it is liarm
 less where the febrile symptoms have been reduced
 by general treatment. In such cases, it is the most
 efficient remedy within tlie circle oi means uow in
 use.
 I would also recommend it to community at large
 as a safe and |iowerful remedy where there is no
 general fever in all the above diseases, to be used
 freely, and to counteract iudammation in a remark.
 able manner. In bruised wounds it prevents swell
 ng, and consequent soreness in hot weather.
 From die peculiar nature of this Oil, and the
 unparalleled success it has met with in the hands of
 the FARRIER, FARMER and STAGE PRO
 PRIETOR, it is but justice to say, that of the
 great number of medicines which have been offered,
 none have been so well adapted to the prompt cure
 of Diseases to which Horses are liable; it has been
 very justly called a Complete Panacea for the Horse
 For instance, read the follow ing:
 TO OWNERS OF HORSES.
 This is to certify thst I have had for many years the
 care of from one hundred to two hundred horses,
 and have made use sf Merchant’s Gargling Oil for
 (wo years past, and cansafctapny, that fur all the
 diseases that horses are liable to, l never saw iu
 equal. I use about one bottle per month, and re
 commend it to the pubii#as the best medicine for
 botses now in use. E C MINOR.
 All orders addressed to the proprietor will bn
 promptly responded to.
 Get a pamphlet of the Agent, anti see wha. won
 ders are accomplished by the use of this medicine,
 Sold by respectable dealers generally in the Uni
 ted States and Canada.
 Also for Post Ik Willis, Wju. Pitkin, L. B.
 Swan, Winslow A Young, H. D. Wad*
 Rochester.
 H A E Gaylord, Henderson A Pander son, Cleve]
 land, O.; G Ding Son, Columbus, O.; Gordon
 A Israel, Cincinnati, O.; McClure A Co, Albany;
 Hollister A Co, Buffalo; Green man A Smith, UtiJ
 ca; P D Orris A Co, Troy, NY. July IS-—6m
 britiali Feriodicai Literature.
 The Jjmdon Quarterly Review, the Edinburgh Review
 The North British Review, the Westminster Review,
 and Blackwood's Edinburgh Mugaxme.
 THE wiile-spread tame ol these splendid periodi
 cals renders it needless to say much in their praise
 As literary organs, they stand far in advance o
 anything of the sort now published, while the polit
 ical complexion of each is marked by a dignity
 candor, and forbearance, not often found in work*
 of a party character.
 They embrace the views of the three great parties
 in England—Tory, Whig, and Radical. Black
 wood and the London Quarterly are Tory) tb«
 Edinburgh Review Whig; and the Westmin
 ster Review Radical. The North British Re
 view is more of a religious character, having been
 originally edited by Dr. Chalmers, and now, since
 his death, being couducted by his son-in-law, Dr
 Hanna, associated with Sir David Brewster. Its
 literary character is of the very highest order. The
 Westminster, though reprinted under that title only
 is publiseed in England uuder the title of The For
 eign Quarterly and Westminster—it being in fact a
 muon of the two Reviews formerly republished and
 reprinted under separate titles. It has, then f-re,
 die advantage by this combination of uniting iu one
 work (be best features of both as heretofore issued.
 The above Periodicals are reprinted in New York,
 immediately on their arrival by the British steamers,
 in a beautiful clear type, on fine white paper, and
 are faithful copies of the originals, Blackwood’s
 Magazine, being an exact fac-nmiUol the Edinburgh
 edition.
 PRICKS TOR 1849, (it subscribkd tor
 For any one of the four Reviews, $9 00 per annum
 For any two do 000
 For any three do 700
 For nil four of the Reviews,
 For Blackwood’s Magazine, J.JJ
 For Blackwood and the 3 Reviews, 900
 For Blackwood A the 4 Review*, 10 00
 Payments lobe made in aU cases in advance,
 3 CLUBBING.
 Four copies of any or all the above workn will
 sent to one address on payment of the regular
 scriptioa for three—«he fourth copy bemg gratis.
 EARLY COPIES.
 A late arrange** 1 1 with tne British publishers of
 Blackwood’s Mafpudne secures to wrenrfy of
 thst work, bj which we shall be.able to plaoe the
 entire number in the hands of subscribers before any
 portion of it can bp reprinted ia any of the Americas
 journals. FoV this and ether advantages stuffed to
 oar sobecribers we pay so large a consideration, that
 we maybe compelled to raise the price ef the Hm&lt;
 sum. Therefore we repeat subscribe early while
 the price is low.
 Remittances and communication* shfffad awaya
 be addressed, post-paid or freaked, to the publßifct
 I JEON ARD SCOTT A Co.
 76 Fulton Street. New Yo£j
"
