"The NORTH STAR published ever]
 Thursday, at No. 39, Buffalo Street.
 Opposite the Arcade.
 TERMS.
 Two dollars per annum, always is advance. Ni
 subscription will be received for a less term tbai
 six months.
 Advertisements not exceeding ten lines insert*
 three times for one dollar; every subsequent inner
 lion, twenty-lve cents.
 The object of the North Star will be to abolisl
 SLAVERY in all its forms and aspects; advocsh
 Universal Emancipation; exalt the standan
 of public morality, promote the moral and intellec
 tin I improvement o( the Colored People; and
 hasten the day of FREEDOM to the Thru
 Millions of our enslaved fellow countrymen.
 PUBLISHER’S NOTICES.
 99* All communications relating to the Justus*#
 matters of the paper, name# of subscribers, remit
 tantes, Ac., should be addressed Frederick
 Douol# »s, Editor, Rochester, N. Y
 QCh Agents, and all others sending names, are
 requested to be accurate, and to give the Post efice,
 the County, and the Slate. Each Subscriber is im
 mediately credited for money received.
 09- Any person sending in payment for four sub
 scribers, to be forwarded to one address, may
 have a fifth copy for one year.
 All letters and communications must be post paid
 LIST OFAGENTS.
 Massachusetts. —R.l. VVaUcut,2l,Coinhill,
 Boston; Nathan Johnson, New Bedford; Horatio
 W. Foster, Lowell; James N. Buffum, Lynn;
 Bourne Spooner, Plymouth.
 Connecticut. —Jabei Cogswell, Brookfield.
 New York.—Sydney H. Gray, 142, Nassau
 Street; William Haraed, Anti-Slavery Office, 61,
 John Street; John J. ZuiUe, 48, Watts Street;
 Joseph Post, Wostbury-jJAweeu^f:Rfp
 Vtts*Kee#e?~Pern, Clinton County; J. F. Platt,
 Penn Yan; J. Jeffrey, Geneva: E. L. Platt, Ba(h;
 Willis Stark, Medina, Orleans Co.; W illiam Brora-
 Paine,ProviJeuce.
 Pennsylvania. —J. M. fil’Kim, SH, North
 Fifth Street, Philada; Wm. Whipper, Columbia;
 Milo A. Townsend. New Brighton; B. E. Bonn,
 S»Vai W.i_ i
 O Hto. —J. J. Gaines, Cincinnati hurlei,
 Ha n d, Harveysburgb,Clinton Co; Bamuel Brooke,
 Salem D. Huntingdon, Chardon, Geauga Co.;
 Hugh Hamilton, Lowellville, Mahoning County; J.
 D. Patterson, Obeilin; S. D. Jenkins, Columbbus.
 MichioaN.—Robert Banks, Detroit: Dr. J.
 B. Baines, Owhsso, Shiawasse Co.
 Indiana. —Willis Fowles, New Albany.
 Illinois. Heniy O. Waggoner, Clncpgo;
 Marshall Hayward, Richmond, M’Henry Co.
 lowa.—Alexander Clark, Muscatine.
 Canada.—John limes Carey, Toronto.
 WILLIAM B. CLOUGH, PRINTER.
 S elections.
 THE AMERICAN-NEW SLAVE LAW.
 Mr. Editor, —The “Fugitive Slave
 Bill,” which, when the last packet left,
 had just passed the Senate of the United
 States, and is probably by this time be- 1
 come the law of the land throughout
 the vast transatlantic Federation, is a
 measure of such enormity, so atrocious
 a violation of the plainest dictates of
 right and justice, that in no country
 where a free and honest Press exists
 ought its adoption to be unmarked by
 the strongest reprobation. This Bill
 will make Slave States ol all the States, j
 It recognizes and extends all the claims
 over fugitives hitherto set up by the
 Southern States, disposes of all doubt- j
 ful points in favor of the pursuer and
 against the fugitive, and supplies every
 lack of legal power by which, in many
 cases, the effect of wicked laws may
 have been practically neutralized, I
 How such a triumph to a demonical
 principle has been obtained, is not yet i
 apparent. On what grounds the sanc
 tion of the House of Representatives
 is so confidently anticipated, is still to
 be explained. But if the vote of hu- j
 inanity and truth can resound across j
 the Atlantic in time to make Congress j
 pause in its downward and damning
 course —if it can be heard in time to
 encourage the constitutional interposi- j
 tion of the new President, by his veto, j
 on this nefarious project—something
 will have been done for the redemption!
 of our common nature from a foul dis
 grace, and the striped and starry ban
 ner may wave the more proudly for
 escaping a darker stain than any in
 flicted by defeat, on land or sea.
 The Bill proposes to enact, that
 wherever a fugitive (his or her color
 need not be black—thousands of slaves
 are fair as Europeans;) is claimed in a
 District Court, the affidavit of tiie pur-j
 suer shall be taken as conclusive proof
 that the runaway is his property. The 1
 testimony of the alleged slave is not to
 be taken as evidence at all. And the j
 deposition of the pursuer is not to be
 taken according to the legal forms of
 the free State in which the man
 hunter finds his victim, but according
 to those of the Slave State from which
 the alleged-runaway is said to have es
 caped This is an allowance for sla
 very to lord it over the Union. The in
 stitutions of the Free States succumb
 before those of the Slave States. The i
 local laws and forms of the South are
 made paramount. Truely the spirit Of
 the Pilgrim fathers is tamed down in
 their posterity. Let this doctrine
 spread in Europe; let it be conceded
 that a free soil does not make a free i
 man, and there is no longer any refuge
 from oppression. Independent States,
 indeed! Why you New Englanders
 will be nothing but the slave, and the
 slave-catchers of the South. You will
 be their mantraps; their
 Republicans? Faugh! You wilt make
 the word stink in European nostrils.
 The.despotism of a claimant, conclu
 sive evidence! The contrary deposi
 tion not admissible “in any trial or
 hearing under this act!” What should
 we say of such a law if the disputed
 properly were a silver spoon, and not
 a living human being? What should
 we say, were the property a dog? The
 probable abuse is obvious. Thousands
 of free men and women may, and will,
 be kidnapped. The marvel seems how
 anybody should be secure. Under the
 present law, we read in the same
 journal that details the progress of the
 Bill, how the old oachtnan, at Wash
 ington, of three-successive Presidents,
 has hud his wife, 50 yearn old, his three
 daughters, and three grandchildren, all
 seized and carried off by a slave-trader
 from Baltimore, to be sold to the
 highest bidder. The old tnan had pur
 chased his own freedom some years
 ago; but that might not have availed
 him under the new law. There is work
 enough in him to he worth a Custom
 house oath, and Judges in the District
 Courts of the States will be found to
 carry this law into effect. What an
 infernal mockery of the forms of justice.
 Such Judges, they, gay, wear no
 horsehair wigs upon their heads; they
 ought to wear hempen halters around
 their necks.
 Any person, according to this Bill,
 aiding or abetting the escape, or inter
 posing to prevent the arrest and recon
 veyance, will be subject to a fine of 1,.
 000 dollars, to six months' imprison
 ment, and to a forfeiture of 1,000 dol
 lars, by way of civil damagaa, to the
 pursuer. Really the contriver* of then
THE NORTH STAR.
FREDERICK DOUGLASS, Editer tad Proprietor.
VOL. 111. NO. 45.
clauses ought to have framed a list ot
 human feelings and Christian precepts,
 with appropriate (according to their
 ethics) penalties for each. Thor*
 should be finerfor philanthropic words,
 and prohibitory penalties on pity. Con
 gress should carry out the principle:
 £lO for bestowing a penny on a beg
 gar; incarceration, with hard labor,
 for administering soup to thealJ|rYlA&amp;»&lt;
 i .■wwgWs mil MffMl UIUC-TailS,
 for sympathy with a maimed slave.
 There should he a tariff for tears,
 when shed on account of negro suffer
 ings. Surely this law never can be
 observed. Therfe are manly hearts
 and generous women in the States.
 Houses of refuge will be found more
 sacred than the most solemn temple.
 The infamous penalties for human and
 righteous deeds will he braved. We
 shall see whether the South can put
 down the eternal instincts of our moral
 nature. Haynau, Austria has dene
 with you; Virginia wants your services
 in N«'W England.
 Further, it is provided that if the
 nan-hunter swears he fears a rescue,
 he State, the free State, in which he
 inds the alleged rnnaway, shall convey
 lim safely across its border, by means
 if its own governmental force; and
 should a rescue be actually effected,
 hen the said man-hunter shall be paid
 he value of his human game from the
 mblic Treasury, which shall repay it
 lelf by levy on the particular State
 Thus the chain is rivetted. The
 i ee spectators of the outrage are not
 lermitted even to be passive. Securi
 ies are exacted by the South against
 mblic opinion in the North. People
 hall pay for looking on, while the
 laver is baffled. An alleged slave
 iberating himself, is a sight not to be
 een with impunity. Property knows
 to such laws as these; no has ever
 :ontrived them, in its proudest cupidi- i
 y. A land-owner is an angel compared
 vith a slave-owner. Food monopolies
 ire miracles of mercy compared with
 fugitive Bills. And the people who
 ilaim and enact these laws are our own
 lesh and blood; Anglo-Saxons, whose
 athers emigrated, some of them for
 iberty of conscience. It is passing
 trange. Thank heaven, we had sla-*
 ery only in our Colonies. It never
 mlluted the soil of this island. If it
 tad, the abomination, in its blinding
 ind degrading influences, might, such
 s the power of circumstances, have
 irevented the noblest of our historical
 chievements, that of Emancipation,
 ind entailed on us that moral blight
 ind withering curse, which make us
 brink and shudder though the broad
 Atlantic rolls between us and the ioath
 ome spectacle.
 Sir, 1 make no appeal, on this sub
 ect, to what is, after all, the one great
 eality of political existence the
 iglils of man. Nor not that grand
 leciaration which prefaces the consli
 ion of the United States, and records,
 n blazing characters, the inconsistency
 if their legislators. Nor do I rake up,
 ir take—for they are too abundant to
 teed raking (or them—the authenticat
 :d tales of gross cruelty and outrage
 vhich are the inevitable concomitants
 &gt;f slavery. 1 avoid also advertiug to
 he unnatural horror of the fact, that
 &gt;ften the slave-owner works, sells,
 acerates, or pursues, with more than
 &gt;loodhound ferocity, ht 9 own flesh and
 flood, the profitable and marketable
 ssue of his own enforced em races.
 Hie slavery faction is past all these
 :onsiderations* Nor is the American
 mblic moved by them, so as to put
 orth its energy to crush the system
 rotn which they spring. I pass them
 iy. But there is one thing for which
 ill Americans care, and that is, Euro
 man opinion. Now let America know
 hat the old world hears with amaze
 nent, with scorn, with contempt and
 oathing, of such a law as Congress is
 taid to be about to pass. There is no
 jarty in Great Britain, or on the Con
 inent, that withholds its reprobation.
 Fhe authors and agents ol European
 riHanies, in |the name of religion and
 &gt;rder, shrug their shoulders at it; and,
 unid the tempest of hitred which beats
 &gt;n them whenever Press or voice is
 free, hug themselves to think that there
 are still blacker souls in the world,
 and human devils more damned. The
 recreants of liberty in Europe, the
 cowards who fled the struggle, or the
 Judases who destroyed their cause,
 point to Republican Senate, succumb
 ing under a faction of slavers, and
 bless God they are not so false and
 pusillanimous as those Americans.
 Democracy hides its face at the story,
 or changes its blushes for the glow of
 burning indignation. Monarchy is
 proud, and walks statelilr as in the
 robes of innocence. Even West In
 dian planters boast that they needed
 nothing like this, in the days when
 they were most reviled, and they stop
 on with heads erect. The waves of
 the Atlantic groan at you, Americans!
 Its winds hist at you. The world's
 opinion? You sink yourselves below
 opinion. Nobody is asked what his
 opinion is of the foulnesses which you
 propose to protect by legislation. They
 are not matters of opinion. We may
 as well be asked our opinion of sordid
 rape and brutal cruelty. Opinion is
 for subjects on which doubt ia possible
 and for which reprobation is not a moral
 necessity of human nature.
 A runaway slave is a man trying to
 catch his manhood. He aeeka to be
 what God made him. His claim is tc
 property in hts own thews and sinews
 Being a man, he will not confess tc
 being a beast. The inalienable own
 ership in himself overides all the stolen
 property in him claimed by his master.
 The rights which he aseeits are in theii
RIGHT IS OF NO SEX; TRUTH IS OF NO COLOR; GOD IS THE FATHER OF US ALL; AND ALE MEN ARE BRETHREN.
nature indefeasible. His flight only
 shows that he is not debased so low as
 to repudiate the heaven-given charter
 of his existence. No claims of colonies
 to independence, or of nations to free
 dom, are more sacred, and they are
 less elementary, dhao those of the in
 dividual man to his personal liberty.
 If a single negro in Virginia be legili
 mataiv tb»
 then 19 Virginia itself, and the other
 States too, legitimately the prosperity of
 Great Britain. Our sympathies are ail
 with the fugitive; and in the honse of
 prayer, with our Bibles open, we should;
 say, “God speed him.” Sordid souls,
 indeed, must they be who, not being
 themselves slaves, yet sympathise with
 the slaver. The American Southerns
 are lighting against universal feelings,
 hopes, wishes, and principles. They
 war with all that represents God upon
 earth. No doubt their position is an
 embarrassing one—beast on all sides
 with difficulties and perils. The most
 humane amongst them may hesitate to
 say that they clearly see their way out
 of it. Let them confess as much, and
 the world will listen without inter
 ruption. Let them devise plans, though
 of long gradation, to emancipate their
 brethren, and the world will approve.
 Let them cry for help out of their
 depths, and good men every where will
 bestir themselves to aid. But there
 seems nothing in them of this earnest
 nesss and becoming humanity. They
 boast and swagger, and show them
 selves encroaching. This same Fugi
 tive Bill is an act of aggression. It in
 sults the independence of the confed
 erated Slates, as well as the moral
 sense of the world*. Its promoters merit
 such rebuke as Barclay’s drayrnen ad
 ministered to Haynau. What, is he
 more black, even in his foulest deeds,
 than many of the slave-hunters have
 shown themselve? And this in Ameri
 ca, too; that America which the good
 in England have so loved and praised.
 O, shame, shame! Let the Delegates
 to the Peace Congress go home, and
 try to establish an arbitration between
 the enactments of Congress and the
 law’s of God. There is sore need of
 peace-making and harmonizing.—Lon
 don Dispatch.
 ANTI-BLAVERY MEETING IN NEW
 CASTLE.
 On Thursday evening, a public meet
 ing was held in Salem-chapel, Hood
 street, Newcastle-upon-Tyne, in pro
 motion of the the consumption of free
 labor in preference to slave-labor
 products. The attendance was numer
 ous.
 On the motion of Mathew Foster,
 Esq., seconded by Mr. Challoner, the
 Rev. J. C. Brouce was called upon to
 preside, and, on taking the chair, brief
 ly adressed the meeting, congratulating
 the friends of the slave ou the recent
 intelligence from the United States,
 that the scale was turning, and the
 Free States acquiring a preponderence.
 (Applause.)
 The Rev. H. H. Garnet, who was
 warmly received by the meeting, spoke
 at considerable length, necessarily em
 bracing much of the. same matter
 which entered into his Gateshead ad
 dress. He referred, however, to an
 interesting manner, to the news just
 received from the United States. The
 struggle, he said, which had long been
 in progress beyond the Atlantic, had
 terminated for a season. Since
 March last, a conflict had been waged,
 which, for fiercene.-s and persever
 ance, was unprecedented in the histo
 ry of the Republic. The combatants
 on the one side demanded that the
 bloodstained banner of Slavery should
 wave over every inch of soil in the
 Union, from the banks of the Potomac
 to the fartherest verge of California.
 This pretension was resisted by the
 other party; and the result was the ad
 mission of New Mexico into the Union
 with the Wilmot proviso, leaving th**
 door open to Slavery; while California
 came into the confederation on her
 own terms, utterly repudiating com
 pulsory, involuntary labor. (Applause
 The modern (and, as many learned
 men contended, the ancient) land of
 Ophir, people from all quarters of the
 world, had unfurled on the lofty peaks
 which teemed to guard the Pacific the
 flag of freedom; and its folds were
 proudly reflected io the deep blue wave
 of the free and chainless sea. (Cheers.)
 But if this glad intelligence filled his
 mind with joy and exultution, his hap
 piness was chastened by the knowledge
 that the far-famed Fugitive Slave Bill
 bad passed both Houses of Congress,
 and was now the law of the United
 States. It was often asserted, by the
 apologists of American Slavery, that
 the negroes were kindly treated, and
 content with their condition; but if so,
 why were there 40,000 fugitive slaves
 in Canada, and 50,000 (we understood
 Mr. Garnet to say) in the Free States
 of the Union? Now, the slaveholders
 had long been anxious to obtain a law
 which should enable them more readily
 to drag back the fugitive to slavery.
 The Supreme Court of the Republic,
 against whose judgment there was no
 appeal, had decided that the slavehold
 er, wherever he found his slave, might
 seize and repossess him. But this was
 not sufficient. Mr. Henry Clay, the
 roost popular, and, at the same time,
 the most wicked man in the U. Slates
 —a slaveholder and woman-whipper
 —one of the most cruel men that had
 ever existed, from the day« of H«rod
 to those of Haynau (laughter and ap
 plause) Mr. Clay maintained the
 doctrine that wbat the law declared to
 be property was property; and the
 whole course of legislation, for 950
ROCHESTER, N, T., THURSDAY, OCTOBER 81, 1850.
 .4*
years, had held the slave, ha said, try
 be property. The bill .which, founded
 upon this assumption, hehatf ff'f «»r
 -ried, enacted that if any
 made oath that go and so, living at this
 or that place, wherever it migMfhe,
 was his slave, the officers of tte yoited
 States were hound to delivel v the
 aia»aWHa&gt;"iK'&lt;i arefroitfer was
 der no obligation to make the claim in
 person. He could send his oath and
 his agent—and that was enough. The
 persoa seized might demand a juryi
 when he was carried back—a jwfy o&lt;
 slaveholders! A jury of wotvev to try
 the lamb! Now, to understand the true
 character of this law, the meeting
 should be aware that there were places
 in the United States where the slave
 was as safe as if he were in Newcastle.
 To meet this fact there was a clause
 providing that if any person interfered
 between the agent of the slaveholder
 and the negro whom he claimed, and
 the latter should in consequence es
 cape, the person so interfering must
 pay the value of the fugitive; or if the
 escape should occur in a mob, and no
 individual could be made responsible,
 then then the cost must be made good
 by the Stale in which the rescue took
 place. Was ever such an outrage
 committed until now, in the name o!
 law or justice, since the days of the in
 famous Jefferies? All over the Union
 there were negroes living—fugitive
 slaves. Two thirds of his own congre
 gation in Geneva were escaped ne
 groes. His own wife and children
 might be seized under this bill, and
 hurried into the South. It was a mea
 sure to scatter the seeds of civil war
 throughout the Union, and it would not
 surprise him were it to provoke a
 dreadful conflict. He was a man of
 peace—but if the agent of the slave
 holder were to enter his house, and lay
 hands upon his wife and child, could
 human na’ure tamely suffer them to be
 torn away to slavery! (Hear, hear.)
 Mr. Garnet proceeded to state that it
 slaves sold well in America, you might
 be sure that cotton was high in Liver
 pool, and virce veca. Britain, in fact,
 was the main prop and stay of Slavery;
 and Slavery could best be struck down
 by the withrawal of British custom. He
 bsw no prospect of the abolition of
 American Si very, save In tir/render
 ing of it unprofitable, or in arf uprising
 of human naUre against the outrage.
 (Hear, hear.)
 The Rev. Dr. Pennington, also a
 fugitive slave, referred to the slave
 chase at Washington, narrated in an
 other column, and said, that if such
 Beenes occurred even on the soil of
 slavery, what might be expected in the
 Free States under the new bill? It
 was a bill which, he deliberately de
 clared, could not be enforced. The
 law would prove a nullity. Dr. Pen
 nington exhorted the meeting to pur
 chase, wherever they had the choice,
 free in preference to slave-labor pro
 duce. He rejoiced to know that such
 a feeling was spreading in Great Bri
 tain, and that in Lancashire the manu
 facturers were anxiously looking to
 new fields for the supply of cotton.
 A collection having been made,
 thanks were voted by acclamation, on
 the motion of the Rev. T. Pottinger,
 to I)r. Pennington and Mr. Garnet;
 and with a vote of thinks to the Chair
 man the proceedings closed.
 It must have struck 6very reflecting
 mind in the meeting, that American
 Slavery is sufficiently condemned by
 the fact that it insolently reduces to
 the level of the brutes, men like Mr.
 Garnet, and Dr. Pennington, who may
 take their stand by the side of the
 proudest Saxon on either side of the
 Atlantic.— Gateshead Observer.
 THE SLAVEHOLDERS’LAST MOVE.
 The Senate of the United States has
 just adopted a measure which gives a
 new and deeper interest to the great
 controversy respecting American Sla
 very. If the measure in question shall
 receive the sanction ofthe other branch
 of the Legislature, a state of tnings
 will speedily arise in which great num
 bers of upright and faithful citizens
 will find themselves called upon to
 choose whether they will obey the law
 of inan or the law of God. It has been
 long contended by some of the oppo
 nents of Slavery, that the free States
 are sharers in the guilt of those with
 whom they are federally united, inas
 much as the Constitution binds them to
 aid in restoring fugitive slaves to their
 masters. The most common answer to
 this, we believe, has been, that the
 constitutional provisions respecting the
 surrender of fugitive slaves were in a
 great measure neutralized, and made a
 dead-letter, by the habits and feelings
 of northern citizens; and that it would
 be unwise and unpatriotic to jeopardise
 the continuance of the Union, and to
 disturb the very foundations of the
 Government, in order to get rid of an
 enactment which was so much worse
 in appearance than in reality. The
 species of compromise, however, is
 about to be blown to the winds, by the
 adoption of a new and stringent law,
 which will require from the authorities
 ofthe Northern States as much activity
 and vigilaace in barring up all the cus
 tomary 'avenues of escape from bond
 age, as if they were the paid police of
 their southern neighbors. Nor is this
 all. The new law wjll not only de
 mand that the energy of the North be
 employed in seizing and sending back
 fugitive* to the prison and the lash,
 but will place the life and liberty of ev
 ery fre* ptrson of color at tbe mercy of
 any scoundrel who, upon oath, may
 claim him as his property. The alfi
davit being duly made, the authorities
 ar* to give effect to the law, without
 listening to a single syllable which the
 fugitive*, or supposed fugitive, can say
 in bis own defence. The evidence of
 the unhappy person placed in this cruel
 predicament, is prohibited,as something
 S unfit for the ear of justice.
 iha.nUwani fimiher
 carrytng off his victim he has
 reason to dread of rescue, the authori
 ties are to take upoa themselves the
 task of conveying the snpoosed slave
 to his place of punishment; and if a
 rescue does take place, the people of
 the State in which it happens are to
 compensate the slave-owner.
 When we are told that an Act like
 this has passed the Senate of th*&gt; United
 States in this present year 1850, we
 scarcely know how to express our
 amazement. There is in it a shame
 less defiance of the opinion of the civ
 ilized world, which an assembly inclu
 ding the moat eminent statesmen of
 America might have been expected to
 avoid as impolitic, even if they did no*
 think it immoral. It is, however, only
 a new proof that the statesmanship of
 America is of a very unscrupulous
 character. Its system of courting and
 managing the popular passions, is an
 elaborate political Jesuitism, according
 to which a great end, felt to be desira
 ble, is held to justify any means by
 which it can be attained. There was
 mu«.h in the recent proceedings relative
 to the new settlements, calculat'd to
 alienate the Slave-holding interests.
 Now they are to be propitiated. For
 reasons in which it is to be feared tf
 genuine concern for human rights had
 little share, the extension of Slavery
 was powerfully resisted; but now the
 friendship of the offended slaveholders
 is to be purchased back by a legislative
 guarantee that the Slavery which al
 ready exists shall be made as perma
 nent as the Constitution.
 It is also possible,—for of men who
 do such things no suspicion can be too
 unworthy,—that this new movement is
 only a sham concession. The law may
 be brought forward in the belief that
 the Northern States will not execute it,
 and that those of the South may be ap
 peased by finding the Legislature ready
 to do for them all that is in its power.
 But the intention of the authors of such
 a law is a raster of very little conse
 quence. In any case of the attempt to
 briog it into play, will be made both by
 real and pretended owners ot runaway,
 slaves; and the applications of such
 parties will infallibly give rise to a se
 ries of contests between Law and Con
 science, by which for a time society
 may be exposed to serious disorders.
 The ultimate result, however, can be
 nothing else than a great triumph ot
 freedom. YVe are, indeed, greatly
 mistaken, if this new and odious con
 cession to the Slave power does not
 give a vast and decisive impulse to the
 Abolitionist agitation.
 The Legislature of the United States,
 in adopting so monstrous a measure,
 will place law in direct antagonism
 with some of the noblest and strongest
 feelings of human nature. The very
 existence of a great social wrong like
 Slavery does, indeed, involve such an
 tagonism; but in the strife the human
 heart is perpetually gaining upon and
 subduing the evil with which it is at
 war. The props and defences of sla
 very are continually giving way before
 the moral pressure which hears against
 them, and every attempt to put new le
 gal supports under the tottering fabric
 only extends the surface against which
 the tide of opinion beats with an ever
 growing force. This hew pro-slavery
 law must stimulate into active hostility
 many opponents of slavery who, at
 present, content themselves with a
 great protest against it. The bulk of
 mankind care little tor the refinements
 of reasoning. Many of the best citi
 zens of the Northern States are in no
 way troubled by clauses in the Consti
 tution which,however bad in themselves
 are nullified by custom. But let one
 of these men, who has never taken part
 in anti-slavery dem nstration, be call
 ed upon to aid personally in forcing
 back some trembling refugee to his
 chains and stripes from which he has
 escaped, and what will be the conse
 quence? Hundreds and hundreds, we
 can have no doubt whatever, will be
 ready to declare that no power on earth
 shall force them to become sharers in
 such iniquity. The case is one iu
 which Law will compel men to ask bn
 what right or authority it commands
 obedience; and when it can plead noth
 ing but the will of Congress against
 the clear and imperative voice of con
 science, the most determined adherents
 of order and peace may be driven into
 resistance. It is true that the majority
 may still be disposed to take the easi
 est path, and may assume that which is
 legal most necessarily be right, but the
 men whose moral force of character
 give them influence' over others, will
 be those to whom such acquiescence
 must necessarily appear degradation.
 They will resist the new Slavery,
 ordinance as a violation of the highest
 law by which human beings are bound;
 and whatever discussion or agitation
 follows from such resistance, must
 spread the opposition by awakening in
 other minds those universal sentiments
 of justice which no force of custom can
 extinguish in the human breast. Lon
 i don Inquirer.
 I like the storv of the blacksmith,
 who was requested to bring a suit for
 slander. He said he could go into
 his shop and hammer out a better char-
 F acter in six months than all the courts
 in Christendom could give him.—*SW.
 Piftfer.
TERMS— S 2 p«r llu UrarieMr Mtutt.
{Frost thaßdfctt QmmM Cfc-oaMs.]
 I PROGRESS OF SLATE ABOLITION.
 I Dear Sir: —An erroneous account
 haring lately appeared in some of the
 American papers, of tbe assault on
 Mr. Douglass, I hand you a true state
 ment from bis own pen. as published iu
 jfc» IUUr ewr t WT nicn He is propri
 etor and editor
 My readers will hare observed in
 the North Star of last week an account
 of a most cowardly assault made upon
 me in the Battery at New York. Like
 most other statements which emanate
 from the American press, this one (tho’
 partly true) is false in several particu
 lars. It is not true that I walked down
 Broadway with two white females rest
 ing on my arm, in the case alluded to,
 although I insist upon the right to do
 so. It is not true that the ladies in
 company with me placed themselves
 under the care of the gentleman (ruff
 ian?) who assaulted me, nor of any of
 tee villanous party, nor of anybody
 else. It is not true that I sneered at or
 spoke to the loafing assailants. The
 facts briefly are these: Myself and
 friends were going to Philadelphia, and
 supposing that the ‘John Potter’ de
 parted from New York at 12 o’clock,
 we rode down a quarter before 12, but
 found on our arrival that we had been
 mistaken; the time of starting being
 half past one o’clock. The interval,
 therefore, we passed in the Battery.—
 When about to leave for the steamer,
 five or six men surrounded us, assail
 ing us with all sorts of coarse and
 filthy language, and two of them finally
 struck the ladies on the head, while
 another attacked me. I warded off the
 blows with my umbrella, and the cow
 ardly creatures left without doing any
 personal harm. Thinking we should
 not be disturbed by them again, we
 walked slowly toward the steamer; one
 of the mob observing that I was off my
 guard, ran up behind me, and before I
 could put myself in a position to ward
 off the assassin’s blow, I was struck in
 the face. These are the whole facta
 of the case. I never was more calm
 or self-possessed than when under this
 beastly assault. I felt no indignation
 towards the poor miserable wretches
 who committed the outrage. They
 were but executing upon me the behests
 of the pro-slavery church and c ergy
 of the land; doing the dirty work of
 the men that despise them, and who
 have no more respect for them in re
 ality than they have for me. I shall
 have more to say on my visit to New
 York and Philadelphia next week.—
 F. D.”
 It is no wonder that the slaveholders
 and their allies hate Mr. Douglass for
 having so powerfully exposed the ini
 quity of a system under which he so
 long suffered. When my friend w«i
 in Belfast, I lent a copy of his narra
 tive to a mutual friendot ours. “Did
 you read it all, Doctor,” said I. He
 replied, I think I have it all by heart,
 and in my opinion be is the stone in the
 sling destined by God to overthrow the
 Goliah of slavery.”
 Thu good cause is progressing—the
 Congress can’t go on without debating
 the question. Recollect how it retarded
 for a long time the election of a speaker
 in the House of Representatives; yet
 a few years ago no anti-slavery petition
 would be read in either house.
 In last month I had an interview
 with David Turnbull, Esq., one of the
 judges of the mixed courts in Jamaica.
 He is on sick leave, his health having
 suffered much from residence in foreign
 climates. He is the editor of an inter
 esting work, entitled Movement for
 the enforc3ment of the slave-trade
 treaties,” for gratuitous distribution,
 the last and most important of which
 was negotiated by the Lord Lieutenant
 of Ireland, Earl Clarendon, when am
 bassador at the Court of Spain; and
 which treaty was based on the sugges
 tions conveyed to the foreign office by
 Mr. Turnbull, when British Consul at
 Cuba, the duties of which office he dis
 charged so faithfully to the poor ne
 groes, illegally held in bondage, that his
 life was endangered, and he had to
 sleep on board a British ship of war in
 the harbor of Cuba. Mr. Turnbull
 informed me that he lately met Mr.
 Rives in London, the American Minis
 ter at Paris, who has long represented
 Virginia in the Senate of the United
 States, and tbe owner of extensive
 tracts of land in Virginia, with a pro
 portionate number of slaves. He ex
 pressed his readiness to promote man
 umission and removal of large numbers
 of them, as well as those of some
 twenty of his neighbors, as soon as he
 is made aware that the necessary ar
 rangements were completed for their
 transit to tbe West Indies, and for their
 reception there; and I am happy to
 inform you that Mr. Turnbull has un
 dertaken, I believe, the pleasing duty
 of having these poor slaves taken to
 Jamaica, where' laborers are required,
 and where they will be no looger sub
 ject to the lash of the task-master, but
 be paid for their labor. Mr. Law
 reuce, the American Ambassador to
 St. James, told Mr. Turnbull that the
 system of slavery is now so unprofita
 ble and burdensome in six of the fif
 teen slave States of the Union, namely,
 Maryland, Virginia, Kentucky, North
 Carolina, Tennessee, and Missouri,
 that the/ may hope tbe time will soon
 come when slavery will be abolished in
 those States. Mr. Rives entirely con
 firmed the statement: of his colleague,
 Mr. Lawrence. Is not this cheering
 news, Mr. Editor? Weil may the
 friend* of human freedom praise God
 and taka couraga; let them persevere
 in a righteous agitation until slavery is
 abolished throughout the world.
WHOLE NO. 148.
L Turnbull info no* me th«;, the
 I House of Assembly in Jamaica eon
 f Silts of foftVaAlkVlln an
 J 'WTCB mmvouOvi Jj ten Ol
 whom are colored, aad two black gen
 tiemen, and it though that the next
 speaker will be a colored man. What
 will the sawey Repnblici*. of America
 think of this?—the contemptible aris
 tocracy of the skit? V; SP*Y-,t-
 The article relative It) Mr. Dougina
 was copied into the Belfast journals
 £em the American papers; therefore
 it is necesaauy that the public should
 he rightly informed of the nature of the
 tumult committed.
 I remain, dear sir,
 Truly yours,
 James st*nfieli&gt;.
 Belfast. Sept. 26.
 ANTI-SLAVERY DEMONSTRATION.
 A public anti-slavery meeting was
 held in Smyrna Chapel, on Monday
 evening (art. The Rev. John Parker
 presided. Long before the time ap
 pointed for the services of tho evening,
 the chapel was crowded to excess; and
 as it was thought desirable that none
 who had come interested in the pros
 perity of the movement should be die
 admittance ftrto Smyrna, fir a few
 minutes that chapel was also crowded.
 When the Rev. Dr. Pennington and
 the Rev. Henry Highland Garnet, gen
 tlemen of color, and once slaves, but
 now ministers of the gospel, the former
 in the city of New York, and.the latter
 at Geneva, Suae of New Yeek, entered
 the chapel, the immense assembly rose
 and in the most welcome end en huei
 astic manner greeted them as brethren.
 It was then agreed that they ahnuld
 each address both meetings. The Rev.
 James Muir presided over the meeting
 m Union Chapel. The addresses of
 the gentlemen were eloquent, persua
 sive and thrilling, and were received
 with expressions of the highest appro
 bation. Many of their statements filled
 the audience with horror, and drew
 from them the deepest sympathy..—
 They showed that the history of slavery
 on the cotton fields of America, is the
 very epitome of human misery. The
 slaves are treated like beasts of bur
 den—their family ties are disregarded
 —they are constantly worked under the
 whip—even the women being flogged
 unmercifully when they fail in accom
 plishing their appointed task. Should
 they attempt to escape, they are hunted
 with bloodhounds, and not unfrequentiy
 shot down like wild beasts. The aver
 age life of a slave on a cotton planta
 tion is estimated not to exceed seven
 years. They exhibited American sla
 very as they had seen and felt it; they
 showed its debasing character, injus
 tice and impolicy, even in a temporal
 light; the oppression, cruelty, and
 wretchedness of the fugitive slave law,
 lately passed by both houses of Con
 gress, and which is now the law in op-
 eration in that country. They also
 pointed out the means by which the
 system may be entirely suppressed, viz.
 by using free labor produce, and re
 fusing to touch or taste any article pro
 duced or manufactured by slaves. In
 the United States, Brazil, and Spanish
 colonies, there are seven millions of
 slaves who produce, cotton, sugar, rice,
 tobacco and coffee, which articles are
 consumed in large quantities by the
 British nation. They give the slave
 holder their money or manufactures in
 exchange for the products of the blood
 stained fields, and thus furnish the
 means for continuing the atrocious sys
 tem. The remedy is apparent—-abstain
 from their produce and slavery must
 cease. A whiff of a slave-driver was
 shown, which has often been wet with
 the blood of the oppressed slave. The
 whip was nine feet in length, a fearful
 weapon to be applied in the punish
 ment of a human being. Manacles for
 the legs and neck, which had been
 manufactured in Birmingham,were also
 shown, and produced sensations of the
 most intense nature, and loud cries of
 "shame, shame." Both meetings were
 most enthusiastic. The Rev. James
 Pringle, from Newcastle, Revds. S.
 Wutkinson and John Morris, with Mr.
 Wakinshaw, took a part in the pro
 ceedings of the evening. A vote of
 thanks was given to the rev. strangers
 in the same expressive manner as they
 had ne%n greeted when they entered
 the meeting. A collection was taken
 for aiding the good work commenced;
 it was liberal, and showed the intense
 feeling of the meeting. After prayer,
 by the Rev. presiding gentlemen, the
 meeting separated.
 On Wednesday morning at 11, a
 most respectable meeting was held in
 Union Chapel, for forming a Ladies’
 Anti-Slavery Association, for promoting
 the sale of free labor produce. The
 Association was formed with all its
 office-bearers, and a considerable num
 ber of ladies have become members.
 There is something about these move
 ments that leads us to contemplate the
 day as not far distant when slavery
 shall be no more. The Rev. Dr. Pen
 nington preached last Sabbath evening
 in Dundas-street chapel, and in the
 morning in Smyrna chapel. The Rev.
 H. H. Garnet preached in the morning
 in Maling’s Rig chapel, and in the eve
 ning in Union chapel. The Rev. Dr.
 Pennington addressed the children of
 St. George’s Sabbath-school in the af
 ternoon.— Sunderland Herald, Oct. 4.
 The Fugitive Slave Excitement.
 —There was a large meeting of the
 opponents of the Fugitive Slave law in
 Worcester, on Friday evening. A fu
 gitive just arrived gave an account of
 his escape from bondage. One of the
 resolutions passed reads as follows:
 That as God is our helper, we will
 uot suffer any person charged with be
 ing a fugitive from labor to be taken
 from among us, and to this resolve, we
 pledge our lives, our fortunes, and our
 sacred honor.”
 A Committee of Vigilance of forty
 persons was appointed to keep a look
 out for the appearance of alave-catch
 ers, who are to be requested, as soon
 as known, to leave the city forthwith.
 —JY. Englander.
 Slaves among the Mormons.—A
 California correspondent of the Boston
 Traveller says:—
 It may not be generally known that
 quite a large number of slaves are now
 to be found among the Mormons of Salt
 Lake, introduced ioto that community
 by southerners, who have connected
 i themselves with these people from time
 to time*
"
