"Rochester Worth Star Fair.
 The Ladies of Rochester, desiroas of emu
 lating the noble example set them by their
 sisters of New York and Philadelphia in their
 efforts to sustain the above named paper, have
 formed an Association, for the purpose of
 bolding a Fair during Christmas week, in aid
 of “the North Star.”
 To those acquainted with the character of
 this jpaper, it is needless to speak of its merits,
 or of the untiring zeal, and sincere devotion
 of its Editor. Eminently qualified as Frederick
 Douglass is to promote the elevation of his
 oppressed and despised people at the North,
 he is also equally qualified to sympathize with
 our brothers and sisters, who are still in
 chains and slavery at the South —to tell of
 their wrougs, to vindicate their rights, and (by
 the blessing of God) to “hasten the day of
 freedom to the three millions of our enslaved
 fellow countrymen.’’
 We, therefore, regard “the North Star”
 as one of the most effective anti-slavery in
 strumentalities now in the field, and in this
 night of darkness and gloom, we look to it
 as the beacon to guide us “until the day
 dawn’’ and unclouded sunshine bursts upon
 us.
 We call upon all true friends of the alav
 to give us their zealous co-operation on the
 present occasion.
 Friends of humanity! shall we call upon
 you in vain! A cruel and inhuman law is
 banishing hundreds of OUt JWiplo ifbto j
 tact land, and bringing ruin and desolation
 upon many once happy families.
 Christian friends of Rochester, we cell up
 on you in the name of all you hold dear and
 sacred, to extend your kind aid and sympathy
 to the daughters of an outraged and suffering
 people.
 We earnestly invite the co-operation of
 benevolent friends throughout the countty.
 We appeal with confidence to our English
 friends for aid on the present occasion.
 Donations and contributions will be grate
 fully received by Mrs. Titus, 1 Division at.,
 Mrs. Panl, 50 Exchange st., Mrs. Boyd, 111&amp;
 Main si., or by any member of the Associa
 tion, and at the North Star Office, Rochester.
R. I. Anti-Slavery Society—Annual
 Meeting.
 The Fourteenth Annual Meeting of the
 Rhode Island Anti-Slavery Society will be
 held in Mechanic’s Hall, in Providence, on
 Wednesday and Thursday Nov. 13th and
 14th, commencing at 10 o’clock a. m.
 Distinguished advocotes of emancipation,
 from other States, have been invited to be with
 us, and it is expected that their presence on
 this occasion, will add to the interest of our
 meetings.
 What, now, we ask, is an earnest and
 faithful response from the people of our own
 State, who profess abhorrence of the constant
 ly increasing evils of American slavery—evils
 that are every day developing themselves, in
 some new phase, in the moral, social and
 political communities in which they move,
 and for whose existence no man nor woman
 in our State may deny their proper share ol
 responsibility. It is not a time when we may
 properly shrink from the duty our reason
 point* to, and when our log-cherished faith
 makes binding upon us. The hounds of the
 slave gang are upon the track of the fugitive,
 armed with the weapons of law, and eager
 for those tiiumphs which only fiends can shout
 over—the triumphs of slavery, and its curses
 and its chains, over the liberty which makes
 a boon worthy of thanksgiving, and which
 some few of the dark sons of Africa have
 been so fortunate as to purchase for them
 selves and their wives and children. If we
 have hearts, and remember the professions
 we have made, we shall not fail to come to
 gether on this occasion, and ulte in noble and
 earnest language, our detestation ot an un
 righteous law, and our determination to re
 member, in the hour of his trial, the haunted
 fugitive from the South’s dank prison house,
 as well as those who still clank the heavy
 and galling chains of American servitude.
 in behalt of the Rhode Island Anti-Slavery
 Society.
 JOHN BROWN, Pres.
 Amakancy Paine, Sec'y.
Anil-Slavery Lectures.
 On Sunday evening, 20th inst», an immense
 concourse of our citizens was convened in the
 City Hall, to listen to Mr. Hathaway of IJtica
 N. Y., and Frederick Douglass, in relation to
 the case of W. L. Chaplin, a citizen of this
 State incarcerated in Montgomery jail Mary
 land; and also to review the clauses of the Fu
 gitive Slave Bill. -Mr. Hathaway had visited
 Mr. Chaplin in the prison house at Washing
 ton and had beheld- the sufferings, and heaid
 related the circumstances attending the arrest
 of that noble man, from his own mouth.
 Mr. Chaplin did not abduct the persons
 said to be the slaves of Messrs. '1 oombs and
 Stevens. He met them by accident, and
 merely extended to them an act of courtesy,
 such as he would have extended to any man.
 Mr. Chaplin did not know however, that those
 men were armed or, lielieving as he does in
 the sinfulness of all war, he would not have
 allowed them to ride in his carriage until they
 had thrown away their arms. Mr. Hatha
 way's appeal for sympathy and assistance to
 rescue Mr. Chaplin from the prison house of
 bondage, was most eloquent and impassioned.
 Frederick Douglass succeeded Mr. Hatha
 way and expatiated upon Mr. Chaplin’s char
 acter as a man and a Christian, liis address
 was characterized by his usual fervid earnest
 ness and clear, searching analysis. His ap
 peal in favor of Mr. Chaplin was one of the
 most powerful and eloquent; and enchained
 the whole audience till nearly 10 o’clock p. m.
 A collection of nearly nineiy dollars was
 taken up for the Chaplin liberation fund.—
 Christian Citizen.
Tasking tux Ai.miohty,—We have late
 ly seen many cutting remarks in the public
 journals respecting the Hon. Daniel Web
 ster, but the following “good one,*' told by
 the Dover Telegraph, beats them all:
 ‘•We had the benefit of country preaching
 last Sabbath. As uauat in the forenoon ser
 vices, our worthy divine devoted a portion of
 hia prefactory prayei to an invocation of mer
 cy upon the national councils, and duly re
 membering tue spirit of the departed Presi
 dent and our present worthy incumbent, he
 commenced upon the Cabinet, exclaiming
 with great ferver, ‘O Lord thy to bless
 D.niel Webster."
Gkokol Thompson Expslted. —There are
 not many Abolitionists, probably, whether
 young or old, of long standing, or of
 recent conversion who will hear without a
 quickened pulae that George Thompson was
 to fj’om Liverpool by the steamer of the
 19th instant for Boston. The same warm
 hearted welcome from Abolitionists awaits
 him that he received fifteen yearn ago, but the
 world at latge, we have no doubt, will find a
 difference between George Thompson the
 Anti-Slavery lecturer, and George r l hompson
 a distinguished Member of the British Parlia
 ment.—A. S. Standard.
Bj* The Daily Advertiser of Saturday an
 nouocee that Mr. Joskph Curtis, late joint
 proprietor of the Milwaukee Wisconsin, has
 purchased an interest in the Advertiser estab
 lishment, and will hereafter lake charge of its
 busings* concerns. Mr Curtis was, some
 years since, a proprietor of the same newspa
 per, and is favorably known to many of our
 citizens.— Democrat.
 Hsyti. —Dispatches from Port au Prince
 indicate a war of extermination between the
 Haytiens and Dominicans. The armistice
 between Soulouqe and the Dominicans was to
 expire on the 3d, and Solouque was collecting
 an army to renew the war, which is to com
 mence after one month’s notice fiom the ex
 piration of the armistice. Chrishan (itizen
 The Path-Finder says that, “the Bee
 seems to aspire to the distinction of being the
 special advocate and defender of the odious
 plwdhwnd Lite,
e Nortf) Star.
ROCHESTER, OCTOBER 31, 1850.
The third year of “the North Star” is
 di awing to a close. Those of our friends who
 have not yet paid their subscriptions for the
 year 1850, are respectfully requested to for
 ward them to “the North Star Office,” as
 soon as possible. Our tetma specify that “pay
 must be made invariably io advance.”
In the Editor’s letter, in the last number of
 the North Star, for impressible, read im
 pressible; for quite, read quiet; for land-storms
 read loud storms.
 Io Letter No. 7, by J. G., io the paragraph
 relating to Hemy Clay, for presence, read
 prescience.
Since the enactment of the Fugitive Slave
 Bill, we have received numeious complaints
 from our subscribers, that no “North Star”
 teaches them. We have not heard of any
 new law being framed for the capture of anti
 slavery newspapers or we should be disposed
 to believe that, in many places, the post office
 MitbuitMi Uiua rigidly iMolved to enfoice
 it. We beg to inform our friends that the
 strictest attention is paid in our Office to the
 mailing of the papers. The fault rests else
 where.
“Tar Baltimore Olio and Musical Ga
 zette” —Published by \V. C- Peters, 202 Balti
 more 3t., Baltimore.
 We have been favored with nine or ten
 numbers of this tasteful, and well arranged
 periodical, and we can therefore, speak with
 confidence of its (continuous merits. Each
 number of the ’Olio” contains six pages of
 closely printed music, arranged for the piano
 foite, guitar, flute, and violin. The selections
 consist, for the most part, of elegant polkas,
 waltzes and songs, and in addition to these,
 the publisher presents to his readers general
 musical intelligence, together with interesting
 sketches from the lives of the old masters.
 The terms of subscription for this little mu
 sical album, are only one dollar and a half
 per annum, we commend it with pleasure to
 the attention of our music loving readers.
(IT Mr. Hall, a respectable colored me
 chanic of this city, wishes to employ a colored
 boy, sixteen or eighteen years old, of steady
 and industrious habits, as an apprentice to the
 wagon making business. If any of our
 friends know of any one that would like to
 obtain such a situation, they are requested to
 communicate the fact (if by mail, post paid)
 to this office.
 We think the moral and intellectual as
 well as pecuniary elevation of this class of
 our citizens, depend very much on their leav
 ing their present menial occupations, and
 devoting themselves to the employments of
 agriculture and the mechanic arts. Mr. Hall
 has had to contend with all those difficulties
 which are always thrown in the way of people
 of his color, but by persevering industry, has
 attained a respectable position and he now
 shows a commendable zeal in endeavoring to
 assist others of his oppressed race to tollow
 his ooble example.— h. c.
October, ibe melancholy month, is fast
 •tripping the forests ot their foliage; and the
 variegated leaves of Autumn whisper to us
 its sadness, as they fall from the trees they
 have so lately crowned with its waning glory.
 The winds have a chilling breath, and pass
 us on their swift errands with a dreary moan,
 unlike the pleasing monotones of their sum
 mer voices. The aun goes not down, as was
 his wont, “trailing clouds of glory” after him;
 but sinks, veiled in vapors of most dismal
 seeming.
 So fadeth Autumn; and the frost-king, that
 both gives and robs us of its splendors, will
 soon commence his icy reign. His scepter
 has passed when the gentle flowers lifted
 themselves in beauty—and their forms are
 bowed in slumber: it is waving above the
 rivulets that have sung the song in (he ear of
 summer, aod soon the running waters shall be
 fettered and their melody unheard. But each
 changing season brings with it its delights
 and blesaings. Winter, crowned with snows
 and hearing his icy spear, hath yet a warm
 heart under his aictic jacket. His rude visits
 are charities in disguise; and, save the suffer
 ing consequent upon improvidence, or the
 chilling poverty which presses soTely upon
 eaith’s less favored children. Ins rough grasp
 hath as much ftiendship in it as the holiday
 smile of Spring. So move the seasons, in
 their changing but changeless circles. And
 thus—for outward nature is but the external
 shadowings of the internal and spiritual-man’s
 spirit moves; circling spirally upward, it tends
 heavenward toward the stars and Him who
 fashions the eternal spheres.
 Progress is the great universal law, and
 Barth and man, ever since their creation, have
 been subjects of this law. True, there have
 been periods when the short-sighted wisdom
 if men has led them to suppose that a day of
 retrogression had dawned upon the world.
 The dark ages, as we term them, were dark
 mough, (and so is this age, fur that matter,)
 &gt;ut back of them there shone a light which
 hrew its shaft of flame above and beyond
 hem far into the foreground of time. This
 ight was Truth. It yet lives and burns.
 The words which were things, undying
 &gt;rinciplea, whose spirit made them immortal
 —utteied nearly two thousand years ago by
 &gt;ne who was himself the personification of
 rath, fell not from those meek lips in vain,
 rhey weie not idle dreama, or fallacies of a
 lisoidered brain.- They have wandered ever
 tince, up and down in the world—angel viai
 ants when we knew them nut, seeking en
 ,ranee into the hearts of men. They have
 men treated with almost as little deference as
 »as their author. States have paid them a
 ip service; priests have garnished their altars
 with a gilded name, while they have sent to
 the rack or the stake those whose lives up
 held the gospel of man’* regeneration.
 These plain ttuths.are revealing themselves
 o the masses —the common people, whose
 mligbtened minds are beginning to unmake
 kings and priesthood. They are entering iu
 at the open doors of men’s spirits; and teach
 ing, in all &lt;heir sublimity, those doctrines of
 levere simplicity which came from the lips of
 fetus of Nazareth.
 Courage! then, all ye who labor for the
 :ause of Truth. Courage! ye whose faith in
 nan’s redemption is undying, sad who look
 for his regeneration with the eye of propheey.
 rho’ feeble, as yet, may be the ray that
 heralds iu breaking, courage! for the morii
 ng dawns.—a.
J
 Letter the Editor.
 The Fugitive Slavc~BiU and the Writ of
 Habeas Corpus New York Express.
 I have just read ike opinion of ibe Attorney
 General of the United States, which denies
 that the Fugitive Slave Bill” suspends the
 privilege of the writ of habeas corpus, and
 that this abominable and hell-black
 enactment is in perfect accordance with the
 Constitution of the United States. This
 opinion appears to havs been given at the
 request of the President, before he signed the
 bill; and its publication is the first intimation
 which the public have had that Mr. Fillmore
 ever permitted himself to indulge a scruple
 oo the subject of giving hie sanction to the
 bill in question. The avidity with which this
 opinion of a slaveholding Attorney Genera!
 has been seized upon by a portion of the
 Northern press, is significant. It is demon
 strative as proofs of holy writ that they begin
 to feel the rebound of their own devil-directed
 blows; that they have overshot themselves;
 that the thunder cloud which they raised over
 the oppressed, is about to discharge its bolts
 upon the oppressor. This learned opinion is
 published to shield the recreant head of our
 doughface President, and to allay the storm
 .k.ft IIurMWM Um stlip wf State It IS
 thought that arguments which could convince
 the Northern President, ought to satisfy the
 Northern people a slight mistake, 1 appre
 hend. The judgment of the President is not
 the judgment of the people. Mr. Crittenden
 had but one objection to remove from the
 plastic mind of Millard Fillmore. His diffi
 culties are greater when he undeiiakes to
 convince the public mind. The former can
 be iufluenced by mere legal technicalities and
 musty judicial precedents; but the latter
 mounts above such contemptible barrien, and
 demands justice in the light of common
 sense and the liberty of this the nineteenth
 century. The law is against justice, agtinst
 humanity. It is cruel, monstrous and iifet
 nal; and the Northern mind revolts at it, and
 would do so though every line had btei.
 copied, word for word, from the Constitutivn.
 It is of no avail for Mr. Attorney General, or
 Mr. Any-body-else to tell the people that it ts
 constitutional. Their own conscience airl
 common sense tell them that the law it
 wrong, and that it ought not to be obeyed,
 and they will not obey it. 1 arp no lawyer,
 and have not the ability, if I had the disposi
 tion, to examine this letter of our kidnapping
 Attorney in the light of the law hut I know
 enough to know that his conclusions are based
 upon assumptions which are as absurd to the
 eye of reason as they are dangerous to the
 cause of liberty.
 r The whole letter is based on the assump
 tion of the utter impossibility of a false claim
 being made, and upon the idea that the slave
 r holder can and will, with unerring certainty,
 I in every instance of pursuit, place his fingers
 upon the throat of the victim secured to him
 by Southern slave law. Now this assumption
 of the impossibility of inutile, and of the im
 maculate purity of slavehcdd rs, is simply
 absurd, wicked and impudent. Even if we
 could acquit the slaveholder and slave-catcher
 of the slightest desire to reduce freemen to
 bondage, free turn from ail suspicion that he
 t feels the slighteat temptation to commit such
 a crime, and yet is it not plain to every man’s
 s common sense that the said worthy slave
 f catcher is liable to commit a blunder, a mis
 take It seems to me that mistakes are inev
 i itable in a matter like this. A slaveholder
 loses a slave in the yeai 1835. He learns
 that said slave lives in Rochester, N. V. He
 i has not seen him for fifteen years, and pei
 haps scarcely thought of him for several
 I years. He avails himself of the new Fugi
 tive Slave Jhll to recapture his victim but
 1 in order to recapture him, he must describe
 I him. Bear in mind that this claimant is now
 r to make a description of a person he saw fif-
 I teen years ago, and that the said person must
 answer to this description, and that man is
 not like an iron chest, (answering its descrip
 -1 tion a bundled years after it is made.) but a
 creature of constant change, and you will
 1 fully appreciate the absurdity of the assump
 tion of the impossibility of mistakes. It is
 obviously impossible that he should not make
 1 mistakes—the more especially as tho slave
 holder will himself seldom cotne after the
 slave, but will merely send his agent, who
 5 may or may not have personally known the
 1 alleged slave.
 But setting aside this consideration alto
 r getlier, and assuming the menial infallibility
 1 of slave-catchers, can it be supposed, that
 j men who can bring themselves to the degra-
 I dation and viilany of hunting men for no
 1 crime, tearing them away from their wives
 1 and helpless children, and dooming them to a
 Jife of cruel torture and chains, will have any
 very suong moral sense left, to discriminate,
 or to enforce discrimination in the selection of
 their victims Hoes not the very vocation of
 the kidnapper deaden all the better qualities of
 human nature, and make the wretched man
 engaged in it, ft* for the perpetration of any
 crime which he may commit with less impun
 ity T Why, is there not, even now, abundant
 testimony on record of the selling of free citi
 zens (known to be such) in the Southern
 States 1 and in view of such facts, can any
 Northern man hesitate, for one moment as to
 the peril in which this Fugitive Slave Bill
 places every free colored man.
 Mr. Crittenden holds the North to the
 bond. He says it is well known, historically
 and judicially, that this clause of the Consti
 tution* was made for the purpose of securing
 to the citizens of alaveholding States the
 complete ownership of slaves, as property, in
 every Slate or Territory into which they
 might escape. Let us grant the slaveholder
 the full benefit of this wholesale statement;
 but does it follow that the North must obey
 or submit to a law which strikes down jury
 trial, makes the privilege of the habeas corpus
 a mockery, and subjects every free colored
 citizen of the North to the terrible liability of
 being doomed to all the horrors of life-long
 slavery Is Congress more sacredly bound,
 under the Constitution of the United States,
 to restore the slave to slavery, than it is to
 protect free meu in their liberty
 The “New York Express,” a paper which
 a few years sgo denounced me as a “glib
 tongued scoundrel,” because I told the Eng
 lish public that I was not safe from the kid
 napper in any part of the United Stales, has
 juined in the bloodhound bray in defence of
 this Fugitive Slave Bill, and endorses also the
 opinion of Mr. Crittenden. After commend
 tog the written opinion to the piofound con*
 Section U, An. 4.
•felts at km of e»ery Union nun, Mr. Brooks
 of the Express discourse* aa follows:
 The pilb of Mr. Crittenden's opinion is,
 that the black fugitive from slavery has all
 the rights that a white fugitive from justice
 Ms, under the Constitution and laws, viz:
 the Habeas Corpus—not the uial by Jury in
 the State where taken, but the trial by Jury in
 the State whence taken.
 Mr. Crittenden’s opinion reduces the agi
 tation to this issue Has a black negro slave
 more rights than a free white man, under the
 Constitution V All who are agitators will
 aay, ‘Aye.’
 The escaped slave has now the Habeas
 Corpus in New York, say, and the trial by
 Jury in Maryland, if taken theie. No white
 freeman haa any more rights. All who are
 in favor of giving the negro more rights than
 the white man, will say Aye.’
 “Any day, any white man, demanded as a
 fugitive from justice, may be taken and car
 ried off to Georgia or Louisiana, without a
 trial bt Jury here. And this has been the
 law since 1793; but no matter, that is only a
 white man!
 “Mr. Crittenden’s opinion takes fromsound,
 rational, conserrative, constitutional men, ev
 ery c#se or desire for prolonged agitation.—
 But will the abolition agitation atop* No,
 sever’’
 T|ts is not only flagrantly unjust, but vio-
 I astir and bitteily malignant upon the face of
 ifj 7 Tire ompMWM tU frnm the
 whips and chains of slavery with s felon
 escaping from justice, stamps the man who
 could make it as a villain of the deepest dye.
 The colored people of New York ought to
 keep an eye to men who can, in the midst of
 tnem, hold such language. Certainly no col
 ored man should be found willing to take and
 pay for such a paper as the Express.”
 There is no similarity in the case of a fugitive
 slave and a fugitive white man. The white
 man is presumed to be innocent until he is
 proved to be guilty. His rights are the same
 in the State to which lie may be taken, as
 they are in the one from which he may be
 taken. He can have, aye, must have, a jury
 trial, in open court, and compulsory process
 for obtaining witnesses in his favor. When
 once in ‘he hands of the law, he has the law
 to defend and protect him. Whether he will
 or not, there is no danger of hie being re
 moved or of his whereabouts being unknown
 to his friends. He can always be surrounded
 with their sympathy and protected by their
 vigilance. Not so with the recaptured fugi
 tive. He is taken from a State which is pre
 sumed to be free, to a State which is pre
 sumed to be a slave State—from a State
 where he is shielded by the law, to a State
 where he is virtually condemned by the law—
 from a State where his friends may counsel
 and advise him, to a State where they are
 forbidden, under pains and penalties, to come.
 He may be, in the next hour after arriving in
 a (lave State, and before any friend of his can
 reach him, sold away, or whipped to death,
 or. at any rate, lost forever to his friends.—
 The pretence that he may have a jury trial in
 a slave State, is a cruel and bitter mockery
 ef the man in fetters; foi, it I may except
 the single State of Louisiana, there is not one
 in which a colored man car prosecute a white
 man upon the testimony of colored men, and
 ibis the editor of the Express” ought to
 know, and doubtless does know. False, how-
 Mr. Brooks has been in his slate*
 monks, lame as he has been in his logic, and
 monstious as he is in his morality, he has
 made one truthful prediction in the article above
 ami that is, that mili-slavery agitation witf
 not cease. No it will go on, and the more it
 is resisted the more earnest and powerful it
 will become, until the great iniquity apainst
 which it is waged shall be overwhelmed in
 destruction.— f. d.
 Boston, Oct. 35th.
 This city is now the scene of the most in
 tense alarm. It is positively asserted that
 there are warrants now in the hands of the
 United States Marshal for the arrest and re
 capture of three fugitive slaves, and that Wm.
 and Bllen Ciafts are two of the party to he
 arrested. Mr. Crafts is aware of the fact,
 and refuses to leave Boston. He is armed,
 and resolved to stand his ground, and in less
 than an hour blood may flow in the streets of
 Boston. f. n.
Resolutions adopted at the great meeting,
 i Fanieul Hall, Boston, Oct. 14th.
 Whereas, the recent act of C'ongicss,
 known as the Fugitive Slave Law, has caus
 ed great anxiety among our fellow citizens of
 color, driving some of them from their homes
 1 and leaving others in a state of doubt and ter
 ror, incompatible with the power of enjoying
 in safety and 'ranquilily their natural rights,
 and the blessings of life which are guaranteed
 to every individual by the Constitution of
 r Massachusetts; and whereas we have assem
 t bled in Fanieul Hall at their request, to con
 sider the condition of the Fugitive Slaves and
 other colored petsons of this city under the
 said law, and have deliberated and counselled
 1 together, therefore,
 i Resolved, That our moral sense revolts
 against the Fugitive Slave Law, believing it
 to involve the height of injustice and inhu
 manity. since it violates the golden rule of
 Christianity, of doing unto others as we would
 have them do to us, and the command of God
 himself, uttered from Mount Sinai, ‘Thou
 shalt not deliver unto his master the servant
 that hath eacaped from his master unto thee.’
 Resolved, that as citizeus, we denounce
 this law as contradictory to the declaration of
 Independence, as inconsistent with the pur
 poses of the Constitution of the United States,
 which was ordained to establish-justice, and
 secure the blessings of liberty, and as in vi
 violuiion of its provisions, because it takes
 away the benefit of the Habeas Corpus,—
 the right of the people to be secure in their
 persons against unreasonable seizures, and de
 prives men of their liberty without due pro
 cess of law.
 Resolved, That we cannot believe that any
 citizen can be found in this city or vicinity, so
 destitute of love for his country and his race,
 and ao devoid of all sense of justice, as to take
 part in teturning a fugitive under this law.
 Resolved, that we individually pledge to
 our colored fellow-citizens who may be en
 dangered by this law, all the aid, co-operation,
 and relief, which the obligation of each of us
 to the supreme law of God and right impose
 upon ua; and we accordingly advise fugitive
 slaves and other colored inhabitants of this
 city and viftinify to remain with us. We
 have no fear that any one will be taken back
 to the land of bondage, and we trust that such
 as have already fled in fear will return to
 their business and their homes. s
 Resolved, That as we believe this law to
 be repugnant to the will of a vast majority of
 the people of the United States, their Seiia-
 I tors and Representatives ought to demand its
 INSTANT REPEAL at the next session of
 Congress.
 Resolved, That, Constitution or no consti
 tution, Law or no Law, we will not allow a
 Fugitive Slave tq be taken from Massachu
 setts.
 Th* Fueuiva Slave Law—Public
 Marmo. —We are requested to state that a
 meeting on the subject of the Fugitive Slave
 Law will be held in this city on Thursday
 evening next. The place of meeting will be
 designated hereafter.-—The call is signed by
 prominent citizens, and a large meeting may
 bs anticipated.— Democrat.
Stixkey, Yates County, N.Y., f
 Oct. 17. 1850. S
 Frederick Douglass :—Having spent ovei
 three years in the cotton-growing section ol
 the Southern States, I deeply sympathize
 with you and jour cause. 1 hudly know
 how to express my feelings when I think ol
 the accursed system of slavery which dis
 graces our nation—this country of churches
 and ministers, who tell us, Sabbath sfter Sab
 bath, of this “land of freedom, where every
 one cag sit under his own vine and fig-tree,
 and tgprship God according to the dictates o(
 his own conscience.” But it is false, as well
 as many other things spoken in the pulpit.
 I lived with a family in Alabama who kept
 bloodhounds to hunt runaway negroes; and
 many is the tale 1 have heard of the chase
 after fugitives. At one time, one who had
 been out,”- or run away, most of the tunfc
 for several years, who preferred to live in
 the woods and swamps, subsisting at times
 on the charity of hit fellow slaves, obtained
 from their cabins at night, and sometimes
 stealing from the whiles. He belonged to a
 man whose plantain was, on the Alabama
 river. Hu had often been chased by the
 dogs and men; but being an expert swimmer,
 ne nan gnmtny m«trag«&lt;&gt; ...j
 fleeing to some swamp not accessible to horse
 men, he eluded pursuit. He was an old
 offender who thus refused to labor for his
 master, to whom his service was due”—for
 what 1 never learned; not surely for an educa
 tion, for he had none not for the scanty
 amount ot food he had received in infancy
 and childhood, for his parents, by their daily
 labor, had much more than paid for that; not
 for his clothing, for he had none until he was
 old enough to earn it, and one month’s labor
 on the plantation would pay for the clothes of
 one year. The slave thought, in strict jus
 tice, that the master owed him for years of
 service; and as payment was not given, he
 at times stole his master’s hogs and chickens,
 until finally the master, hiving been battled
 I for years, became exasperated and offered a
 large reward for his apprehension, dead or
 alive. Thi9 roused the cupidity of owners of
 I negro hounds, who, after many trials and
 failures, finally succeeded in capturing the
 poor slave. He killed one dog before he took
 to a tree, for which act his pursuers, after
 getting him down, suffered the remaining
 dogs to bite and tear him so that he shortly
 afterwards died. He perished in a noble
 struggle for freedom. His destroyers re
 ceived the bounty, and boasted of the deed
 for which it was paid.
 S. B. BUCKLEY.
Letter from Josiah Quincy, Sen.
 J. Ingersoll Bowditch, Esq:—My Dear
 Sir—Having been requested to state my
 viewß on the subject of the fugitive slaves;
 many of whom have been long domesticated
 among us, and who, alarmed at the supposed
 stringency of the new law relative to them,
 are preparing some to quit our country for
 Europe, and others for Canada, and con
 cerning whom there is to be a meeting of
 citizens this evening, I take the liberty, to ad
 dress this lettei to you, which will embrace
 some of my views on that topic,-and submit
 them to your disctelion, to be used or sup
 pressed.
 In the first place, then, it ought, in mv
 opinion, to give reasonable satisfaction to
 that class of our inhabitants, that in the
 State of Massachusetts, no person has ever
 been delivered to his master under the law of
 1793.
 I believe this to be literally the case. It
 is, however, possible, in the lapse of nearly
 sixty years, cases may haveoccured.of which
 theie is now neither memory nor record. If
 there have been any such, they have been so
 few as to form only exceptions that prove the
 truth of the rule, rather than evidence of
 its falsity.
 Persons, therefore, under these circum
 stances, ought to rest at ease, with the as
 surance ar.d in the confidence iesulting from
 the above fact, that, in the State of Massa
 chusetts, the law of 1850 will be just as in
 operative for sixty years to come, as (hr law
 of 1793 has been for nearly sixty years past.
 Theie is, indeed, in the new law, an ener
 gy and a vigor of proceeding somewhat be
 yond that obtained by the law of 1893, and
 this will, undoubtedly, operate, in terrorem
 on the slaves in the Southern States, and
 thus diminish their attempts at freedom, and
 give more quiet of mind to their masters.
 The greater stringenev of the new law will
 also operate in favor of their masters, in re
 spect to slaves who have taken up their resi
 dence in Stales adjoining slaveholding States,
 among the inhabitants of which there is no
 i such genera! repugnance to the slaveholding
 system as exists among llie inhabitants of
 Massachusetts, and where individuals may
 easily be found, who, moved by cupidity,
 would readily stem the low tide of obloquy
 and reprooch, which exists in those States to
 giving aid to masters, in the recovery of their
 slaves. But no such fear or apprehension,
 concerning the power of the new law, can,
 in my judgment, reasonably exist within the
 State of Massachusetts. Past events are suf
 ficient guarantees for the future. The great
 mass of the intelligent Southern slaveholders
 understand the universality of the feeling in
 Massachusetts, on the subject of this law, and
 respect it, and have neither expectation nor
 desire that it shall be made to have a retro
 spective or retroactive effect. It is possible
 that some one or two interested individuals,
 running for luck, or desirous of creating ex
 citement, may attempt to put the law in force
 in Massachusetts. But the great body of
 Southern slaveholders understand their inter
 ests too well to desire to see crested in Mas
 sachusetts Buch an excitement as would result
 from an attempt like that affecting the slave
 Hamlet in New York; whereby a peison long
 residing as a freeman in the State, should be
 secretly seized, handcuffed, and hurried out
 of it, without aliowing him an opportunity to
 apply to counsel for protection, or to the law
 of the State, or the sympathies of the vicini
 ty. Any man, officer or lawman, engaged
 in such an attempt, in the State of Massa
 chusetts, if successful, would, I apprehend,
 find it difficult afterwards long to remain
 resident in a land, the feelings of whose in
 habitants he had so universally outraged.
 The law of 1793 was not deficient in strenth.
 It was ample for its objects, and would have
 been as effectual in Massachusetts as it was
 elsewhere. Its utter inefficiency here resulted
 solely from the unanimous spir.t pervading
 the whole people of the State on the subject
 of that law, and from the inwrought tover
 eignty, in the minds of the people of this
 State, of the principle of the Constitution of
 the Slate, which secures to every human be
 ing within it. the light of trial by jury, in
 every caae affecting his life, liberty, or pro
 late universality of this feeling within this
 Stale, on this law, is attributed, moat falsely,
 to the labors of a class of men at this day
 known by the name of 'abolitionists.’ That
 feeling existed long before any such class had
 existence, or even a name. It was grown in
 the grata, it was infused by nature as a com
 poncut clement into the blood of the people of
 this State, I have been intimately acquaint
 ed with, and a close observer of, the character
 of that people for sixty years, and I do not
 believe there has been a moment in which, in
 any populous district of this Stale, the law
 of 1793 could have been openly enforced; and
 without any pretenaion to the spirit of pro
 phecy, I foretell that the same will be the fact
 of this law of 1850.
4 can apeak of ihia subject with a aotne-
 I peraona) certainty ao far aa respeeu the
 existence of the feeling prevalent on thin sub
 ject fifty-six years age. Sometime about the
 year 1794, soon after the first law oa this
 •abject was passed, 1 was sent for, aa a couiv
 aellor-it-law, to appear before one of oar act
 ing justices of the peace,—(Grcenlealj-*—to
 defend a person then on trial, under the charge
 of being a slave, on the claim of hia master,
 for delivery to him. On appearing before
 the justice, 1 found the room filled with a
 crowd of persons, not one of whom I knew,
 but who were attending the court, appearent
 iy from interest or curifility. Among them
 were the constables, and the agent of the
 master, but who the other persona were, or
 what was the object of their assembling, I
 was ignorant. 1 entered, of course, on my
 duties, an advocate, called for the evidence
 of the agent's authority, and denied the au
 thority of the law of Congress, and of the
 magistrate under it, to deliver an inhabitant of
 Massachusetts into the custody of another,
 unless aftei trial by jury, according to the
 Constitution of this Stale. While occupied
 with my argument, i was suddenly interrupt
 ed by loud noise behind me, and on turning
 round, I found, to my astonishment, both the
 constables and the agent on the floor, and the
 alleged slave passing out of the room between
 the files of bystanders, which were opened to
 the right and left for his escape.
 About a fortnight elapsed, when 1 was cal
 led upon by Rufua Creene Amory, a lawyer
 of eminence at the Boston bar in that day,
 who showed me a Tenet rrom a sonmern
 slaveholder, directing him to prosecute Joaiah
 Quincy for the penalty, under the law of 1793,
 lor obstructing the agent of the claimant in
 obtaining hi* slave under the process estab
 lished by that law.
 Mr. Amory felt, not leas than myself, the
 folly of auch a pretence; and 1 never heard
 from him, or from any one, anything more
 upon the subject of prosecution. This fact,
 and the universal gratification which the re
 sult appeared to give to the public, satisfied
 my mind, that unless by accident, or stealth,
 or iu some very thin settled parts of the coun
 try, the law of 1793 would forever be inopera
 tive, as the event has proved, in Massachu
 setts. And the same will, in rny opinion, be
 the case, as 1 have already said, with the
 law of 1850.
 The feeling and the origin of this univer
 sality, on tins subject, in Massachusetts, is,
 I apprehend, not well understood. It had
 its origin in no general disposition to inter
 fere with the rights of Southern slaveholders,
 but from the surprise and utter disgust of the
 law of 1793, which from the first pervaded
 every class of citizens in Massachusetts. They
 regard that law as violations the principle ol
 the compact, as they understood it, when
 they acceded to the Constitution of the United
 States. In accepting that clause of that
 Constitution which provides that ‘person
 held to service or labor’ in any other State,
 and escaping into Massachusetts, should not
 be discharged from such service or labor, in
 consequence of any law’ passed by her, and
 that she would deliver up, on claim, such per
 sons to the party to whom the sir. ice may be
 due; the people of Massachusetts understood
 that such claim should be enforced, in confor
 mity to and in coincidence with, the known
 and established principles of the Constitution
 of Massachusetts That pledge, the people
 of Massachusetts, by accepting the clause in
 the Constitution of the United Stales, sol
 emnly gave; and that pledge the people ol
 Massachusetts have never violated; and 1
 will add, they will never violate it. The
 law of 1793 undertook to modify the terms ol
 that pledge, availing itself of certain general
 constructive powers of the Constitution of the
 United States, and by wresting them to pur
 poses to which they were never supposed ti
 be applicable. Had it been anticipated, by
 the Convention of Massachusetts which
 adopted the Constitution of the United States,
 that the general powers it couveyed would be
 so construed as to authorize the passing of a
 law of Congress, riding over and trampling
 down the great principles of the Constitulior
 of Massachusetts, which secures to everj
 human being within the State the right o
 trial by jury, I cannot question for a moinem
 that the objections which such an anticipation
 would have raised would have been insur
 ns mutable, and the Constitution of the Unitec
 States would never have received the sanction
 of that Convention. Could it have been an
 ticipated by that people, that a law would be
 passed superseding that great principle ol
 human fteedom, and that in this State, in
 which the claimant of ownership fur a cow
 an ox, a horse, or an acre of land, could no
 be divesteJ of his right without a trial by
 jury, yet that, by the operation of such a law 1
 a citizen might be seized, perhaps secretly,
 carried before a single magisliale, witlioni
 the right of proving before a jury his title ol
 himself, he sent out of the Slate, on the cer
 tificate of such single magistrate, into hope
 less and perpetual bondage, it is impossible
 in my judgment, that the Constitution of the
 U. S. could have received the sanction o
 one-tenth part ofthe people of Massachusetts
 The law of 1793 unquestionably excited in
 the people of the United Slates universal sur
 prise and disgust, and a willingness to coun
 teract the provisions of that law became a
 settled feeling and policy of the people of the
 State; and this feeling became so general,
 that the attempt to enforce the law within the
 State became hopeless from the first; and
 this, 1 have already staled, arose from no
 general disposition in that people to interfere
 with the rights of Southern slaveholders,
 but from the general opinion prevalent in the
 State, that Southern rights, when prosecuted
 in Massachusetts, should be pursued under
 ■he principles of the laws and Constitution of
 this State. This was the natuie of the pledge
 given by this people in accepting the clause
 hi the Constitution of the United States, re
 lative to ‘persons bound to service in other
 States, and escaping into this.’ This pledge
 the people of Massachusetts even have vio
 lated, and, as I believe, never will violate.
 Let the laws upon this subject be so modi
 fied as to give to every person, whose service
 is thus claimed, the right of trial by jury, be
 fore being sent out of the land, and the uni
 versal dissatisfaction would be almost wholly
 allayed. And the Southern owner, under the
 law so modified, will have no more obstacles
 to his success, than what is inherent in the
 nature of such trial.
 Let it not be said that this wauld be keep
 ing the promise to the sense, and breaking
 it to the hope, because not twelve men could
 be found in the State who would do justice to
 the slave owner on such trial. Without ad
 mitting, for a moment, that there is any truth
 in such a suggestion, 1 will only say—if it be
 true, and no twelve men in the State could
 be found who would not violate their oath,
 rather than be concerned in returning a slave
 to his master, cau any fact be imagined more
 conclusive the folly of attempting to
 enforce such a law within the limits of a State
 in which such principles and feelings so uni
 versally predominate!
 But 1 have extended.my remarks beyond
 my original intention. My great object has
 been to give such opinions and views as
 ought, in my judgment, to give peace of
 mind to the class of persons agitated by their
 apprehensions from the recent Congresiottal
 law’—and tended to assure them they may
 abide safely, as the have already done, under
 the protection of the laws of Massachusetts
 and the sympathies of her citizens. And in
 addition, 1 would express s hope, that nothing
 should be done, in this meeting, giving the
 subject a party or political aspect, which I am
 assured was not the intention of those who
 originated the call of it.
 I am, Sir, very respectfully,
 Yourfriend and servant,,
 JOSJAH QUINCY.
 Quincy, Oct. 14, 1850.
 Baltimoxc, Oct. 19th.
 Capt. Conklin, who had been employed
 for 15 years in bringing rice from Santee to
 Charleston, was informed last Tuesday by his
 employers that he could no longer expect pat
 ront&gt;R. ft* tut n« a Vnrthamar Tt itmttt
The following resolutions were adopted at
 the recent large Meeting of the colored citi
 aena of Philadelphia, hold in the Brick W so
 le; Church of that city.
 Whereas, the Declaration of American In
 dependence declares it to be a aelf evident
 truth, “that all men are created equal, and
 «odowed by their Creator with certain in
 alienable Tights, among which are life, liberty
 and the pursuit of happineas:” and whereas,
 the Constitution of the United States, Ait. 1.
 Sec. 6, declares that “ihe privilege of the
 writ of habeas corpus shall not be suspended;’'
 and Art 5. of the Amendments, that "no
 pera*Mi shall be deprived of life, liberty, or
 property without due process of law;’’ and
 whereas, tho Fugitive Slave Bill recently
 enacted by the Congress of the United States,
 ia in clear, palpable violation of thane several
 provisions; therefore
 1. Resolved, That while we have hereto
 fore yielded obedience to the laws of our coup*
 try, however hard some of them have botae
 upon us, we deem this law so wicked, so
 atrocious, so utterly at variance with the
 principles of the Constitution; so subversive of
 the object of sll law; the protection of the
 live#, liberty, and property of the governed;
 so repugnsnt to the highest attributes of God,
 justice, and mercy, and so horribly cruel in its
 clearly expressed mode of operation, that wo
 deem it our aacred duty, a duly that we owe
 to ourselves, our wives, our children, anJ to
 our common nature, as well as to the panting
 fugitive from oppression to resist this law at
 any tost ana sHm trazsnts; w 9 ft6reby
 pledge our lives, our fortunes, and out sacred
 honor so to do.
 2. Resolved, That we deem the laws of
 Uod at all times paramount to any human
 laws, and that, in obedience l&lt;&gt; the command
 to “hide the outcast, and bewray not him that
 wandereth,” we shall never refuse aid and
 shelter, and succor to any brother or sister
 who has escaped from the prison-house of
 Southern bondage, but shall do all we can
 to prevent their being dragged back to a Sla
 very inconceivably worse than death.
 3. Resolved, That whenever a Government
 ‘fraraeth mischief by law,” or “decrees un
 righteous decrees,” or concentrates all its
 power to strengthen the arm of the oppressor
 to crush the weak, that Government puts it
 self in an attitude hosflle to every principle of
 justice—hostile to the liberal spirit of the age,
 and hostile to that God who “executed) right
 eousness and judgment for all ihat are op
 pressed.” r
 4. Resolved, That in our resistance fo this
 most cruel law, we appeal to our own boast
 ed Declaration of Independence, to the inhe
 tent iighteousnes of our cause, to the moral
 sense of enlightened nations all over the world
 and to the character of that God, who by a
 series of the most astounding miracles on
 record, declared hi&gt; sympathy lor the oppres
 sed and bis hatred of the oppressor.
 5. Resolved, That feeling the need in this
 tryiug hour of the Wisdom that erreth not,
 and the aim that is invincible to defend and
 guide us, we therefore call upon all ihe col
 ored pastors of oui churches in the Free
 States (so called) to set apart the first Mon
 day night in each mouth, for public prayer
 and supplication, that the hearts of all this
 people may be so turned to the weak and the
 oppressed, that the operation of this cruel
 law may be powerless, and that the time may
 soon come when “liberty shall be proclaimed
 throughout ALL this land unto ALL the in
 habitants thereof.”
 6. Resolved, That we will hold up to the
 scorn of the civilized world that hypocrisy
 which welcomes to our shores the refugees
 trom Austrian tyranny, and at the same time
 would send the refugees from American Sla
 very back to a doom compared with which,
 Austrian tyranny is mercy.
 7. Resolved, That we endorse, to the full,
 the sentiment of the Revolutionary patriot of
 V irginia, and should the awful alternative be
 presented to us, w ill act fully up (o it—“ Give
 ite Liberty or give me Death.”
 8. Resolved, That a Committee be ap
 pointed to draft an appeal to the citizens of
 the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, setting
 torlh the Anti-Republican, Anti-Christian,
 Anti-human nature of the Fugitive Slave
 Bill, and asking of them their sympathy and
 succor.
 Resolved, That having already witness
 ed, to some extent, the cruel operations of this
 law, having felt such anguish as no language
 can describe in seeing the wife flying from
 her home and the embraces of her husband,
 and ihe husband compelled to fly from his
 wife and helpless children, to gain that secu
 rity in the land ot a Monarchy which they
 could not enjoy in this Republic; we ask,
 the American people, what have we done to
 suffer such treatment at your hand*? And
 may we not, in the sight of that God, with
 whom there is no respect of persons, appeal
 to your sense of justice and mercy to have
 this moat cruel law repealed as soon as Con
 gress shall re-assemble, and in the meantime
 may we not ask you to create by ail lawful
 means, such a public sentiment as shall ren
 der its operation upon us powerless?
 10. Resolved, 'l hat in the spirit of bravado,
 neither affecting unconsciousness to the ctuel
 ties of public sentiment and law, in regard to
 our unfortunate and abused race, but seeing
 dearly, and knowing fully, the unjust preju
 dice existing against us; using only those
 moral means of truth sufficient as we deem
 them by a certain process to the “pulling
 down the strong holds” of the injustice and
 wrong that now afflict us, yet in view of the
 unheard of atrociousness of the provisions of
 this infernal Fugitive Si ave Bill, we sol
 emnly declare before the most High God, and
 the world, to resent to the death any attempt
 to enforce it upon our persons, adopting fully
 the noble sentiment of the Irish Patriot—
 hetlier on tlie Jcatiold high,
 Or in the hatde’s van.
 The fittest place where man can die,
 Is when lie dies lor man.
Alleged Conspiracy to Kidnap —The
 Philadelphia Ledger say*; On Saturday, in
 the Court of Quartet Sessions, Win. Jackson,
 Samuel Miller, Edward Tillerman and Wm.
 Flamer, colored, were charged with a con
 spiracy to abduct and kidnap Wm. Henry
 Taylor, a colored boy, and conveying him to
 some unknown quitter, without the consent
 or knowledge of those who claimed his legal
 custody. It was in evidence that the boy,
 with others, was placed in charge of an in
 dividual, as free colored persons. He was
 sent to a family in West Philadelphia, but in
 consequence of a threat that he was about to
 be kidnapped and taken to Virginia, he came
 to this city and reaided with his adopted
 mother. Sevetal persons, it was proved,
 were after him, and during the present month
 removed him in a carriage—since which time
 he has not been heard of. It was alleged that
 the persons who were manumatted
 slaves', but in consequence of bad conduct on
 the part of Taylor previous to hia freedom,
 the family in whose set vice he had been,
 wrote to have him returned, so that he should
 serve out a term of years. An indignation
 meeting was accordingly held, and measures
 agreed upon to prevent the removal of the
 lad to Virginia. Whether he has been taken
 to that Stale or sent to Canada, is not known,
 and hia friends have brought these proceed
 ings to ascertain hia whereabouts. The csss
 waa continued, in order to allow time to re
 fceive answers to letters, which have been ad
 dressed to various parties residiog at a dis
 tance.—Rochester Democrat.
 The First Slav* Hunt.— ln Chicago,
 under the new law turned out a failure. A Mr.
 H pursued two slaves from Missouri to
 that city, with a fat, sleek and contented
 slave to assist him. The contented slave ran
 away, and finally the hunter himself ran away,
 being terribly frightened by a vision of tac
 and feathers.— Ckronotype.
 K7* We learn from good authority that
 Slave Hooters are iu Boston in pursuit of
 fugitives. Lei (he colored people keep
 •harp look out for the blood hound*.—Emm,
"
