"oftrn.
For the Xar* Star.
 OCEAX FETST POSTAGE,
 fur. ratio* r f street to uasrnawin^
 Britannia' (km (Jarett rf Af So*,
 ua the dark urean wav*,
 Ob, list to lb* rsiee that u calling to dm.
 Frxxw the land* of the brae awl (toe liar*.
 Proa Am*'* vast mdkx**, tai Africa'* shore*,
 AnJ the dm where Atlantic's wiki innftt vom
 roar*.-
 From afl-tb ran empire of rtntri r
 That dr-iean-* rig of liter r
 TutaThoag i’.bkr the ImntWs a in}* of Am wind
 ShoaU nn W wnfcttetwd free:
 Ob, stretch fiwt;i thy scrptre r.f magical power,
 A.t i grant to Aw basis tin* nwg.iibceiw dower!
 They a|*pra) a, the rpint tint burn*,
 A* the light of a pure ahar-&lt;!ame,
 E.ishruie.l in toe heart* of thy chilirrti, like urn*
 Faq-tcnched an i (or ever the »amv
 That tjrch-lig.it of Freeioa, which merer may
 nave,
 But to blight the fail name* of oppressor and skive
 Hart thou heard tint pathetic lament,
 From the depth* of tin western wild.
 O’er Ocean** wild water* imploringly sent.
 From tlic heart of (by on a banished child!
 On, grant, tha&gt; wherever the outcast mav pjan,
 He may hear the »wcvl voices of kindred and hotue
 Mi l the din and the tuinuit of war,
 here thousan 1* arc Iwniing beneath
 The wheel* of hi* inunierou* car,
 for the sake of a soi-t,'lighted wreath,
 Thst voice is .till Jteard |iealing loudly and clear,
 c b nut depart till it cater thine ear.
 Gl&gt;, bn it not echo in rai l,
 k rota lut;!:'art-rending groans of tl»e slave,
 From lit tacit id" In* tyrant, the clank of bis chain,
 Let thy lian i he extended to save;
 And u» burst (lie stern fetter* of despot control,
 hich gnaw like a worm to the depth* of the *oul.
 may it nnliredcd arise
 I rum the Last w ith it* nun-lighted plains,
 W here incense ascend# to tlic liriahtcst of skies,
 k rom it myriads of error-built fanes—
 SertVi Superstition h;;:!i built l»er shrine,
 May the light «f her know ledge increasingly shine!
 Biitannin, nh, hit to those notes,
 hat biend w itli tiie songs of tiiv mirth,
 Borne on by tlw a* it ceaselessly Hosts
 To thy rlH.ro*, from tiio ends of the earth.
 Oh bethink thee what |&gt;owcr unto dice hath beer,
 given,
 11,,L tl c *e «-ic* are ascending unanewereJ to hea
 ven.
 V\ It IT t If ATE 5, Jf_
 Ccj* The follow ing spirited ode w*« written bv
 K- i Hoop, of .Newcastle, (Eng.) fjr the occasion,
 nnd sung at th- thronged Anti-Slavery League
 Soiree, held in the Music Ifall in that place, I&gt;ec.
 2S, 1«46. FicJenck OougLi-s and 11. C. Wright,
 were present.
 WE’LL FREE TIIE SLAVE.
 Alß—l r Link* tiiul liroea o’ Bmny Doon.
 How brig In t|» sunjof freedom lmrm&gt;,
 k rom mount to mount, Irom shore to shore,
 The slave depart.-, the man return*,’
 1 lie reign of forre and fraud is o’er;
 *Tis Tnitii’s own beam, from sea to sea,
 i'iom vale to vale, from wave to wave;
 Her ministers this night are we,
 T tree, to tree, to free tiie slave!
 We’ll free the slave of every clime,
 Whatc’er the chain that binds his *oul;
 And publish forth this truth sublime
 From furthest (ndut to the Foie;
 That man, how proud soe’ei he be,
 Is l&gt;ut a |K»or and paltry knave,
 ho joins not now with you and me,
 1 o free, to free, to free the *Lv,;!
 We'll free die slave, the poisoned bowl
 lias lettered to low crime and care;
 "\A tt’ll bnl hirn-burst its harsh control,
 And break its fetters of despair.
 c’il fr«e tiie shive of Mammon’s power;
 And War’s poor darling, called the brave
 And, lyrant.-! yes, bom this blest hour,
 c’d fit-t', we’ll free, we’U free the slave
 Poor Afric's sons, though slaves tliey he,
 Sliall spring to freedom and to light;
 Ami what th;y shall l»e, you may see,—
 One oi Uiu l sans is here to night
 And Asia from her sleep supine,
 And Europe from her feudal grave,
 Yes, e’en America shall join,
 To tree,-to free, to free tlic slave
 T uU'laugh but, nil! you do* not know
 How great a power the truth can wield*
 1 bought always aims the Riuest blow,
 And wi;&gt; loin is the safest shield.
 Tiie rpirits of six thousand years
 Arc round us, and they make us brave;
 Coin.-, Iwother, qioll ignoble fears,
 And free, and free, and free tiie slave
 TIIE VOICES OF HOME.
 The voices of home will be round ns,
 W here’er through life’s pathway we stray;
 The tones u! its household surround us,
 Though distant and dark lie our wav.
 The star that thus brightly, at dawning,
 Is shedding its promising rav,
 ill beam, wlien our childhood’s young-morning
 Hath mingled its light with the day.
 The parent’s loved presence, that guideth,
 W ill move yet, in spirit, as near—
 And die voice tlmt approves us, or chidcth,
 »»id awaken the *:..iie or tlic teat;
 Tlic beings, dial now fondly bless us.
 Will again their sweet influence shed,
 V lieu the tbruis, that in friendship caress us.
 In form, not in spirit, have fled.
 Each tone that affection lias utU*red,
 'll return hut toglaiiden our let,
 And the word that unkindness has muttered,
 Will leave on tiie future its blot.
 And oft as fond memories brighten
 Thai re|&gt;eat the swevt tales that are o’er,
 Some bur.len of sorrow they ’ll lighten.
 While journeying o’er lift*’* uoubied shore.
 Then deem not each joy diet we cherish.
 Too purr, in it* routing, to Lut;
 For, oli, not a w hisper shall perish,
 Vrtrr Uratlied in the ear of the |&gt;a*t;
 For the rutcep of home w ill be round us,
 WbrreVr, through life’s pathway, we stray;
 Aral tbe sounds of its household surround us,
 Though distant and dark be oar way.
 OcuAti ItvW. LODES.
 SLAVES..
 They art slaves who (bar to
 For die Uik-n and liw weak;
 *Clwy are slave* who will not chaos*
 ssatia.i, aaataf, ano abuse,
 Rathri than in alsntt shrink
 less Aw truth they needs roast think;
 They nr* slaves who dare not lit
 fa Us* i ight w,th two or Uuaa
 They sever fa&gt;! w! is a treat rwwr
 The UuA any &lt;heir fe,
 lucsr hands cm s»idaa is the eus; lhatr luahe be
 Miag r*»y fata*
 Av I r istfe watte. Sol Hill thaw spsrtt walks ahrwi,
 IVogh yaws sUpsc, and sthMs staww as dark a
 As**,
 f» hta a. t Mi, th, .Ua, Md arifhty iha^ht
 Whsdtt tfStapow*.* att ..thina, seal vitas
 IV ta»'&gt;y al test la
 Rie
Selections.
Tins mirror fbogremikthk
 OLD WOKLD.
 A correspondent of the Christian
 Citizen, D. W. 8., writing from Lon
 don under date of Dec., 1847, pre
 sents a xmnmary of interesting facts,
 illustrative of the progress which the
 ,j old world is making. The doubting
 and despairing may well “take heart
 again,” ns the/ see these foot-prints
 l on the sands of time.”
 Here are some of them:
 *i “The Pope, in a letter addressed a
 short time since to the Emperor of
 Austria, says:
 1 know that you are stronger than
 I am by the number of your troops
 j and artillery; but you must be aware
 that 1 am stronger than you in public
 j opinion, because 1 have moral force on
 my side.’
 “The French Government has pre
 sented the British House of Commons
 with a valuable supply of books. This
 certainly looks like invasion!
 “The first session of the Consulta
 at Rome, is said to have been a scene
 :of solemn grandeur. Before the mem
 bers l**ft the Quirinai. the Pope ad
 i dressed them. They then proceeded
 j to St.* Peter’s, and alter divine service,
 J walked iu a body to their hall in the
 atican, where they appointed a com
 mittce to reply to the address of the
 j Pope, and then divided themselves into
 four sections: 1. The Committee of
 Legal Reform; 2. The Finance Com-j
 mittee; 3. Committee for Internal Im
 provements; 4. A Committee on Pris
 ons and Public Labor.
 “Turkey is about to have a railroad.
 It is to connect the cities of Smyrna
 and Constantinople.
 “In a speech to the electors of
 Stockport, on the 10th instant, Cobden
 said:
 In my travels on the continent, I
 made this observation in every country
 to which I w'ent, in Spain, in France, in
 Italy, in Germany, aiul in Russia—ev
 erywhere I found every man of intelli
 gence on the side of the principle of
 free trade.’ And further, in the latter
 part of his speech, he insisted upon re
 trenchment in the public expenses. He
 did not wish to make small salaries
 smaller, but, said he, Retrenchment l
 can be made in the army, navy and ord
 nance expeuses to the amount of £17,-
 000,000 a year!’
 The Earl of Fortescuc, at a recent
 meeting in London, said in reference to
 the window tax of this country:
 I hope that some arrangement
 may be made that shall secure to the
 very lowest classes in their houses of
 misery and sadness, and in the poverty
 of their dwellings, the solace of a glim
 mering of God’s light.’
 I he liberal party in Hungary have
 gained an important victory in the Diet,
 by inserting in an answer to the Em
 peror of Austria’s (and King of Hun
 gary) speech, certaih clauses condemn
 ing the conduct of the government, and
 requiring certain popular concessions.
 They rest their claims for the reforms
 they wish to make, upon the laws of
 1743 and 1790, and ask for a genera!
 convocation of the citizens in order to
 bring about these reforms. They ask
 or require the freedom of the press;
 that all citizens shall bear an equal
 share in the public burdens; that royal
 tow ns and freb districts shall enjoy 'no
 exclusive privileges.
 “The Common Council of the city;
 of London had a meeting on the 14th
 inst., to petition Parliament to remove
 the Jewish disabilities.
 “The Chamber of Deputies of Ba-;
 den, in Switzerland, was opened on the
 9th inst. by the Grand Duke. He re
 commended in his speech, that the cen
 sorship be removed from the press, and j
 that some remain* of feudal legislation
 be abolished.”
 Thus the world moves onward! Aery
 for light, for Freedom, borne on the
 eastern w inds of heaven, is ever sound
 ing in our ears.
 Tis the waking up of nations,
 From slavery’s fatal sleep;
 The murmur of a Universe;
 Deep railing uuto deep!”
 Let America respond to it by abolish
 ing her system of worse than “feudal”
 oppression, and when her last slave
 shall stand up, an unshackled man, she
 shall be a Joshua to lead the nations
 into their promised land of pure and
 perfect freedom.
Truth. —Truth courts investigation,
 but error shrinks from scrutiny. Truth
 tears no evils from the most rigid
 examination, but error always fears
 the consequence.—Truth is immutable,
 and will stand criticism. Truth, like
 its author, is eternal, and will exist
 amidst the wreck of matter and the
 crash of worlds, while error will be
 swept away with the refuge of lies.
 The morefou examine truth like gold
 the brighter it shines. Truth is never
 tarnished by inspection, but discovers
 the more splendor. Any system which
 shrinks from scrutiny discoverd cor
 ruption in its premises, and is un
 worthy the attention of an intelligent
 mind. A certain writer has said with
 the utmost propriety:
 He that will not reason is a bigot
 he that cannot reason is a fool; and he
 that dares not reason is a slave.
Gravity or Breakfast.— Whethar
 breakfast is the most serious and
 silent meal because it is first or be
 cause it is the soberest, it is difficult to
 say but it does generally pass without
 much talk, or, at all events, without
 much talk that is worth recording.
 Punsters very seldom pun at breakfast,
 and th*. narrator* oOnng-wjadcd storici
 are at that time more sparing of their
 talas. There is then seldom any
 argumentative discussion or sny play
 of wit. Breakfast is altogether a mat
 ter of busiaess, an affair of life and
 death, because if people did not break
 •heir fast they could not live.—Dinner
 quite another thing; that is. moron
 matter of pleasure than business; and;
 w k° *P*«k e|’ the pleasures of a
 table, are seppaeed to allude to *a
 nar, and not io\*7*kruF7mm* mTy
 by. davi
 m the week: but it a much «*-e
 out matter to brtak/aec e*h Duk.,
 Humpbray.
WHAT CAT AWOHAH ©Ol
 BY UCBitfr HLOUTR.
The female bear! is soft; the sffeetioai
 of woman ire warm, her sensibilities
 are easily excited. Her first impulse
 is, to give her aid to every effort de
 signed for the benefit of suffering hu
 manity. Vet what can a woman do
 —Th® question presents itself at the
 oat-set, and smothers the desires o(
 many a benevolent heart. What can a
 woman do
 There is inherent in each individual
 man and woman, a certain portion of
 moral power. It is this which makes
 them human; for of mere physical
 power, many animals possess more. It
 is this moral power, which has gradu
 ally softened and humanized the more
 favored portions of the race, it is by
 means of this moral power, that all rev
 olutions and all advancements have
 been made. Women share it equally
 1 with men. In all changes of opinion,
 in ail the great straggles attendant upon
 such changes, they have always borne
 a conspicuous part. The Grand Re
 bellion in Great Britain, which trans
 ferred the government of that country
 from the privy council of the king, into
 the hands of the property holders, and
 gave to England such freedom as she
 has, owed much, at its starting point,
 to those women who overwhelmed the
 long Parliament with petitons, and who
 commenced the rebellion in Scotland,
 by an energetic and even tumultuous
 resistance to the introduction of the
 liturgy.
 The French revolution, which in its
 results, has wrought such changes
 throughout Europe and the world, was
 cradled and nursed in the saloons of Par
 is, where female influence had reached
 a higher point than any where else be
 fore.
 It is true, that taking the past history
 of the world together, the influence of
 woman appears, on the whole to have
 been small. 'Phis however is more ap
 parent than real. We have the history
 of battles, and sieges, and political in
 trigues, and revolutions of govern
 ments but the true history of the
 human race, the history of the progress
 of opinion, of the development of
 intellectual and moral power, remains
 to be written. Christendom for twelve
 centuries, had its opinions controlled
 by the Catholic church; and the
 Catholic churcii knows well the power
 of female influence. The several
 orders of female devotees, were and
 are, a great pillar of its power, and
 female saints abound in its calendar.—
 It has been the same with the Protest
 ant churches. Is it not notorious, that
 at this moment, every Protestant sect in
 America, is mainly upheld, its churches
 built, its ministers paid, its associations
 and charities sustained, by the efforts
 I and influence of the women? In every
 church the female members far out
 number the men and the men who are
 i there, seven times out of ten, are car
 ried there and kept there by the women.
 In al! this, it is true, the women have
 played and play, but a secondary part;
 they are led on, marshalled, ruled and
 used by male leaders. They are treated
 as the British treat the Hindoos who
 compose the bulk of their Indian armies.
 They are welcome to serve as common
 soldiers, but are not permitted to rise
 above the rank of corporal or sergeant
 at the best. And the reason is the
 same in both cases. The intellect of
 men has been far more developed than
 that of the women. It has been held,
 and in most countries still is held, a
 crime for a woman to think for herself.
 Even here in New England, a woman
 who adopts that course, is looked upon
 with suspicion and distrust, as an ambig-l
 uous character. Vet the thing becomes'
 more and more common and is fast
 losing its strangeness. Having admit
 ted woman to equality in education; hav
 ing opened to them the doors of the
 school-room and the lecture-room; hav
 ing allowed them to read not sermons and
 books of devotion only, but novels, and
 histories, and newspapers, and every
 thing else, it is impossible to keep them
 from thinking; and women who think,
 will presently feel and act, not as their!
 mothers and grandmothers did. but in
 accordance with those new ideas to
 which they have attained.
 But how can they act They cannot
 vote; they cannot preach,— at least not
 many of them;—they cannot legislate j
 —what can they do? more than voter,
 preacher or legislator. Each and all of
 those, is but the instrument to promul
 gate or carry into effect, some pre-estab
 lished opinion. No man can preach ex
 cept as the expounder and defender of
 opinions already espoused by his'
 hearers, or a part of them. If he i
 preaches his own opinions in contradic
 tion to theirs, he must be content to!
 lack salary and a pulpit, and to seek
 audience as Paul did, in the market
 place, or corners of the streets, at the
 risk not only of brick-bats and rotten!
 eggs, but of the police and the house olj
 C9rrection. How many men are equal I
 to that No man can legislate except;
 in conformity to the opinions of those
 who make him a legislator; and the
 voter does only signify by bis vote, his
 adherence to a certain principle or 1
 opinion which he thereby proclaims
 and vindicates. Behind all these is the
 opinion preached, voted for, made into
 law,—and whence comes that? It is
 first conceived in the depths of some
 few contemplative souls: thence, as
 j c. cumstances oppose or favor, is more
 f or l es gradually communicated to
 others; and this little leaven, worked
 jin and diffused imperceptibly almost,'
 through the mass, presently leavens
 the whole lump. The ferments,
 rises, and becomes something which it
 was not before. All the kneading,
 rolling, baking and fussing in the world,
 I no* make bread, without the lca
 ven begin
 For instilling into the public mind,
 and dtfiusing through society those new
 I opinions, in which all social changes
 i must hare their origin, women possess
 peculiar advantage. They hivTan
 I access to the hearts 4 men, which no
 no man has; they hare an access to the
 'hearts of children, peculiar to them
 •sitrss, those children who are soon to
 btnma men and w omen, and to influ
 ence, for good or etii, the destinies u&lt;
 the race.
 There m no wonmit sheer soul i»
 nossrMod mf any great idea, and who
 wags for Us diffuMon, whs may am
 fleee«*e, if she ha* pa’sace and pern-
Terence, a rtry apostle among the
 children of some bole village school
 which the teaches, or who mayJ be
 otherwise within the circle of her influ
 ence, may perhaps be, sporting and
 prattling, the political aad social leaden
 of the next generation.—Who knows
 Let her scatter the teed then hopefully.
 Some no doubt, will fall upon ‘stony
 places, and some among thorns,’ and
 much, the fowls of the air will devour.
 But some too, will fall upon good
 ground, and will produce fruit twenty,
 and fifty, and an hundred fold.
 Bos to v, Mass.
 AUTHOR OF THE HISTORY
 OF PERU.
 Mr. Prescott has lost one eye by ac
 cident in his early youth, and had, by
 study, so strained the nerve of the other,
 that he was all but completely blind.—
 He at first despaired, but he determin
 ed to try whether he could make the
 ears do the work of the eyes. He taught
 his reader, unacquainted with any lan
 guage but his own, to pronunce the
 Spanish, though not exactly in the ac
 cent of the court of Madrid. He read
 at a slow and stumbling pace, while the
 historian listened with painful attention.
 Practice at length made the work ea
 sier for both, though the reader never
 understood a word of his author. In
 this way they ploughed along patiently
 through seven Spanish quartos. He
 found at last that he could go over about
 two-thirds as much in an hoar, as he
 could when read to in English. The
 experiment was made, and he became
 convinced of the practibility of substitut
 in the car for the eye. He was over
 joyed, for his library was no longer to
 consist of volumes. He now obtained
 the services of a secretary acquainted
 with the different ancient and modern
 languages. Still there were many im
 pediments to overcome. His eye, how
 ever, gradually improved, and he could
 use it by daylight (never again in the
 evening,) a few' hours, though it was
 not till utter some years, and then with
 repeated intervals of weeks and some
 times months of debility. Many a chap
 ter, and some of the severest in Ferdi
 nand and Isabella, were written almost
 wholly with the aid of the eyes of his
 secretary. His modus operandi was
 necessarily peculiar. He selected first,
 all the authorities in the different lan
 guages that could bear on the topic to
 be discussed. He then listened to the
 reading of these one after the other,
 dictating very copious notes on each.
 When the survey was completed, a
 large pile of notes was amassed, which
 was read to him over and over again,
 until the whole was embraced by his
 mind, when they were fused down into
 the consecutive contents of a chapter.
 When the subject was complex, and not
 pure narrative, requiring a great varie
 ty ot reference, and sifting of contradic
 tory authorities, the work must have
 been very difficult; but it strengthened
 memory, kept his faculties wide awake,
 and taught him to generalize, for the
 little details slipped through the holes
 in the memory. His labor did not end
 with this process; he found it was as
 difficult to write as to read, and procur
 ed in London u large writing case for
 the blind. This he could use in the
 dark as well as in the light. The char
 acters, indeed, might pass for hiero
 glyphics; but they were deciphered by
 his secretary, and transferred by him
 to h legible form in a fair copy. Yet I
 have hea d him say his hair sometimes
 stood on an end at the woful blunders
 and misconceptions of the original,
 which, every nw and then escaping
 detection, found their way into the first
 proof of the printer. Amid such diffi
 culties was the composition of the histo
 ry of Ferdinand and Isabella heroically
 completed at the end of something less
 than ten years from its commencement.
 He remembered that Johnson says, that
 Milton gave up his history with the
 eyes of others; and was stimulated in
 the midst of his embarrassments to over
 come them. Well might he feel a proud
 satisfaction in conquering the obstacles
 of nature. Mr. Prescott had four copies
 of the history first printed for himself,
 and had so little confidence in its imme
 diate success, that he had thought ol
 postponing the publication till after his
 death; but his father told him, “the
 man who writes a book he is afraid to
 publish, is a coward.” This decided
 him. The work was published in the
 beginning of 1833. Its reception in
 his own country, and in all parts of
 Europe, was such as to pay him, if any
 thing could, for the long nights of toil
 by which it had been produced.
 CAPT. PETER FLOWERY.
 This individual, who was convicted
 in the U. S. Court, of participation in
 the African slave trade, was imprisoned
 in the county jail at Salem, at the same
 time that Charles T. Torey was impris
 oned at Baltimore for the crime of aid
 ing American slaves to get their liberty.
 In progress oP time, Torrey sickened,
 and the Governor of Maryland refused
 to pardon him, that he might die among
 his kindred—and so he died in the pris
 on hospital. Flowery had a room nice
 ly fitted up for him in jail, where he
 could enjoy the society of his wife and
 friends, and every comfort, and at
 length was pardoned by the President
 of the United States, and immediately
 found employment, his being a convict
 ed slaver being a recommendation to
 some of our conscientious ship owners
 in the African trade. He went to Afri
 ca as master of the schooner Mary Ann,
 and while at Sierra Leone was taken
 sick. On his recovery he found that
 the mate and crew had gone off with
 the vessel, which had been anchored at
 the Gallenas. He embarked on board
 the schooner I. B. Gsger, for New
 \ork, but died on the passage home.
 A few hwurs after the I. B. Gager ar
 rived at New York, the Mary Ann ar
 rived also, in the charge of the mate,
 who reported that he took her from
 Gallenas because he had ascertained
 that Flowery had arranged to put her
 into the slave trade. We hope the af
 fair will be fully investigated Bottom
 Ctrna.—Punch says, “It may he
 proper In sute, that the dieting naked
 personage known by the aactento hy
 th« name of Tepid, has recently
 changed his name tn Tepidity; and
 »ill hereafter dsvnte hw ntunt.oa to
 matters af man#) ae well as late af.
 Mr n I
GKintm DBFiangjT n corns
 The great Peter Corueifle, whoa
 genius resembled that of our Shak
 speare, sod who has so forcftly expresi
 ed the sublime sentiment* of the hero
 had nothing in hi* exterior that indical
 ed his genius; on the contrary, hi
 conversation was so insipid, that i
 never tailed of wearying. Nature
 who had lavished on him the gifts o
 genius, had forgotten to blend witJ
 them her more ordinary ones. He di&lt;
 not even speak correctly that language
 of which he was such a master.
 When his friends represented to hir
 how much more he might please b;
 not disdaining to correct these trivia
 errors, he would smile and say, fas
 not the leu Peter Corneille r Descartes
 whise habits were formed in solitud*
 and meditation, was silent in mixci
 company; and Thomas describe# hi
 mind by saying that he had received hi:
 intellectual wealth from nature in so!i&lt;
 bars, but not iii current coin; or a
 Addison expressed the same idea
 comparing himself to a banker, whe
 possessed the wealth of his friends a
 home, though he carried none of it it
 his pocket; or as that judicious mora
 list Nicole, one of the Port-Roya
 Society, who said of a scintillant wit
 He conquers me in the drawing-room
 but surrenders to me at discretion or
 the staircase.’ Such may say with
 Thetnistoclcs, when asked to play on e
 lute, I cannot fiddle, but I can make
 a little village a great city.*
 The deficiences of Addison in con
 versation are well known. He pre
 served a rigid silence amongst
 .strangers, but if he was silent, it wa*
 the sdcnce of meditation. How often
 at that moment, he lubored at some fu
 ture Spectator!
 The cynical Mandeville compared
 Addison, after having passed an
 evening in his company, to a silent par
 son in a tie-wig. It is no shame for an
 Addison to receive the censures of a
 Mandeville; he has only to blush when
 he calls down those of a Pope.
 Virgil was heavy in conversation,
 and resembled more an ordinary man
 than an enchanting poet.
 La Fontaine, says La Bruy ere, ap
 peared coarse, heavy, and stupid; ha
 j could not speak or describe what he
 had just seen; but when he wrote, he
 was the model of poetry.
 It is very easy, said a humorous
 observer on La Fontaine, to be a man of
 wit or a fool bnt to be both, and that
 too, in the extreme degree, is indeed
 admirable, and only to be found in him.
 This observatio applies to that fine
 natural genius, Goldsmith. Chaucer
 was more facetious in his tales than in
 his conversation, and the Countess of
 Pembroke used to rally him by saying
 that his silence was more agreeable
 than his coversation.
 Isocrates, celebrated for his beautiful
 oratorical compositions, was of so timid
 a disposition that lie never ventured to
 speak in public. He compared himself
 to the whet-stone which will not cut,
 but enables other things to do this; for
 his productions served as models to
 other orators. Vaucanson was said to
 be as much a machine a's any he had
 made. Dryden says of ftiinself, —‘My
 conversation is slow and dull, my
 humor saturnine and reserved. In
 short, 1 am none of those who endeavor
 to break jests in company, or make
 repartees.’— Curiosities of JLiterature.
 A PLEASANT SURPRISE.
 A young man, of eighteen or twenty,
 a student in a university, took a walk
 one day with a professor, who was com
 monly called the student’s friend, such
 was his kindness to the young men
 whose oftice it was to instruct.
 Whilu they were now walking to
 gether, and the professor was seeking
 to lead the conversation to grave sub
 jects, they saw a pair of old shoes lying
 in their path, which they supposed to
 belong to a poor man who was at work
 in«a held close by, and who had nearly
 finished his day’s work.
 The young student turned to the pro
 fessor, saying, let us play the tnan a
 trick; we will hide his shoes, and con
 ceal ourselves behind those bushes and
 watch to see his perplexity when he
 cauiiot find them.”
 “My dear friend,” answered the!
 professor, we must never amuse our
 selves at the expense of the poor. But
 you are rich, and you may give your
 self a much greater pleasure by means
 of this poor man. Put a dollar into
 each shoe, and then we will hide our
 selves.”
 The student did so, and then placed
 himself, with the professor behind the
 bushes close by, through which, they
 could easily watch the laborer, and see
 whatever wonder or joy he might ex
 press.
 The poor man soon finished his work,
 and came across the field to the path,
 where he had left his coat and shoes.
 W hile he put on his coat he slipped one
 foot into one of his shoes; but feeling
 something hard, he stooped down anu
 found the dolior. Astonishment and
 wonder were seen upon his counte
 nance; he gazed upon the dollar, turn
 ed it round and looked at it again ;then he
 looked round him on all sides, but could
 see no one. Now he put the money in
 his pocket, and proceeded to put on the
 other shoe; but how great was his as
 tonishment when he found the other:
 dollar! His feelings overcame him; he
 fell upon his knees, looked up to hea
 ven, and uttered aloud a fervent thanks
 giving, in which he spoke of his wife,
 sick and helpless, and his children
 without bread, whom this timely boun
 ty from some unknown hand, would
 save from perishing.
 The young man stood there deeply
 affected, and tei.'* filled his eyes.
 »voar,” said i protestor, “are
 you not much better pleased, than if
 you had played your intended trick?”
 “O, dearest sir,” answered the
 youth, you have taught me a lesson
 now that I will never forget. 1 feel
 now the truth of the words, which 1
 never before understood, it’s better
 to give than to receive.”
 We should never approach the poor
 but with the wish to do them good.
 ftetesra—-Formerly, women were
 prohibited from mem tag untill they 1
 bed spun a set ef beu-termtere; and,
 treddtug, wer*\ ‘msmpmntlv,
 called tftmkrt, which ceteimm to tteti
 di) i« sll legal pr«* »«&lt;Jing*
nun roismfiif.it&gt; ms
 PLEDGE.
 e
 m The last time the lamented William
 Ladd left my bouse in Boat on, be took
 from bis trunk, taro volant? «of the
 '‘Essajrson a Congress of Nations,
 i and handing them to me said, take
 t these and keep them till 1 call for them;
 and if I never should call for them, give
 f- them nrhete tkey-aill do the most good
 j to the Peace cause.” The volumes
 j were beautifully bound in morocco and
 gilt, and were a part of the lot which
 Mr Ladd prepared for distribution
 among distinguished persons in Hu rope
 and America. One was sent to Queen
 Victoria, others to the ditferent mon
 arebs of Europe; one to the President
 of the United States, the Govcrncrs of
 the different States, &amp;.C., &amp;c.
 After Mr. Ladd's decease, I placed
 t one of the volumes thus entrusted to inc,
 i in the library ef a public institution in
 one of the Western States. The other
 is still in my possession, and 1 think o!
 no way in which I could dispose of it
 more agreeably to the benevolent wi.-h
 -es of the donor, than bv offering it as a
 Prize to the person who shall obtain
 the most names ns signers to the Pledge
 i of the League of Universal Brotherhood,
 in any town or city in the United States
 or any part of the British dominions, in
 proportion to the whole population oi
 such town or city; to be obtained and
 sent in to T. Drew, Jr., Worcester,
 Mass., Rccoiding Secretary of the
 League, and Assistant Editor of the
 Christian Citizen, between the date ot
 this and the first day of May next. As
 some persons who meet with this offer
 may not know the char acterand history
 of the work referred to, it may n&lt;4 be
 improper to state, that these Essays arc
 a part of which were written in
 consequence of an offer from the Ame
 rican Peace Society ofa prize of £,1,000
 for the best Essay on a Congress of
 Nations. Of these Essays, five have
 been selected, which, together with
 one written by William Ladd, have
 been bound together, and form a large
 and interesting work upon an important
 subject.
 Presuming that there are many per
 sons, who would like so valuable a me
 mento of the great apostle of Peace,
 and who would he especially gratified
 in acquiring it, by aiding to advance
 that good cause in which the donor
 took so much interest, and thus become,
 at least, in a high moral sense, one of
 his legatees, I have been induced to
 make the foregoing proposition; and I
 will further add, that 1 shall place in
 the &gt;o!ume an autograph, together
 with an excellent engraved likeness of
 Mr. Ladd.
 On the first day of May next, a care
 ful investigation shall be made; and the
 successful competitor shall be informed
 i ot'the result through the columns the
 i citizen, and the work be forwarded to
 him or her, as soon as practicable.
 AMASA WALKER.
 North Brookfiei.d, Nov 1, 1847.
 Courtesy in the Street. —ln cities,
 trading villages and the like, where we
 are constantly meeting people of both
 sexes and all ages, each perhaps intent
 upon some special business, it is not ex
 pected that we shall notice in any man
 ner the presence of others, except in the
 instance of meeting personal friends.—
 Among such, even in the crowded
 streets of the city, courtesy requires,
 and generally secures some token of
 recognition and respect.
 In more qui* t scenes, we are pleased
 to see a morj general observance of
 this practice. It incommodes no one,
 and impresses upon strangers the con
 viction that they are among friends,
 with whom their persons and their in
 terests are safe, it compensates them
 in some measure, for the absence of the
 endearments of home. Besides, every
 such act of courtesy, however trivial in
 itself, improves the heart, and thus
 makes one a better man, in all his rela
 tions and associations.
 The bow from the country school
 boy always pleases us, and we always
 return it. It excites in us a degree of
 esteem for one who thus regasds the
 feelings of a stranger. We are confi
 dent that we are right in saying, that a
 boy who does this habitually will nev
 er be found a bad hoy,” as the phrase
 goes, in the school-rooin or in the faini
 •y-
 These tokens of respect should always
 be returned. The boy bows, not be
 cause be is your inferior, but because
 he would be polite. And shall he ex
 cel you in this respect A very accom
 plished captain of the Navy, with whom
 he had the honor of an acquaintance,
 was once met on the side-walk, by a
 shabby negro, who made a humble
 obeisance. The captain returned his
 bow. A friend who was with him re
 marked, that this seemed to him unne
 cessary and inexpedient. Why, said
 the captain, wouid you have ine show
 less politeness tha t that poor negro?”
 The captain was right. The bow did
 not hurt him, arid may have be. r» one
 of a few bright spots in a life of pain
 and hardships, which the poor fellow
 will ever recall with pleasure. And,
 after all, in the eye of heaven, the negro
 may have been the better man.
 Idle Daughters.— lt is, says Mrs.
 Ellis, a most painful spectacle in families
 where the mother is the drudge, to see
 the daughters elegantly dressed, re
 clining at their ease, with their drawing,
 their music, their fancy-work, and their
 reading; beguiling themselves of the
 lapse ol hours, days and weeks, and
 never dreaming of their responsibifties;
 but as a necessary consequence of the
 neglect of duty, growing weary of their
 useless lives, laying hold of every new
 ly invented stimulant to rouse their
 drooping energies, and bhmmg their
 fate, when they blame God for having
 placed them where they are. These
 individuals will often tell you with an
 air of affected compassion (for who can
 believe it real that poor dear mamma
 is working herself to death. Yet no
 7 OM 7«&gt;poss that they should
 MBHt her, than they declare she is
 quite ia her element in short, that she
 would never he happy if ebe had only
 half an much to do.
 The Egyptians believed lbe»wwrld to
 he testing on the horn of a bull, and
 when the bull Uree ef one horn, M pttch
 te the world en the ether, end One
 reusoe an earthquake
THE ORATOR A!fD TUB
 IfEWftPAPEH.
 Compare the orator, one of the no
 bleat vehicles for the diffusion of
 thought, with the newspaper, and w»
 may gam a faint glimpse oftheubi
 quitous power of the latter The Ora
 tor speaks but to a few hundreds, f} Je
 newspaper addresses millions. The
 [words of the orator may die on the air
 the language of the new spaper is starnl
 ped or tablets as imperishable as mar
 -1 Me. The arguments of the Orator
 follow each other so rapidly that a n a
 johty of the audience n ay stiuf g!e In a
 j net id ratiocination, the reasoning of
 the newspaper may be scanned at lei.
 sure without n fear of perplexity.
 passion of the Orator inflames an ftfsern
 bly, the feeling 01 a newspaper eiectri
 fits a continer.t. The Oiat«*r is for m
 edifice, the Newspaper lor the woild
 the one shines for an h. ur, the other
 glows for ail time. The Oiator m. y b
 :compared to I ghtning, which fin.-h
 over a valley lor a memei t, lut it
 i leaves it again in darkness; the news
 paper to a son blazing st* adilv over the
 whole earth.and filing mile |I esi9
 jot us un eternity ,f “Piiutitg las
 been happily defined “the art wh»ch
 j presents all aits.” Print ii g makta
 the Orator uim.-.elt more than an Orator.
 It catches up his dying woids, and
 breathes into tin m the breath (f life. It
 is the speaking gallery through which
 the Orator thundeis in t c car of ages.
 He leans from the tomb over the cradle
 of rising generations.
 Intellect.—We arc all wise. T o
 diirerence between peisons is not in
 wisdom hut in art. I knew, in an aca
 demical club, a person who nlwavs de
 ferred to me, who seeing my whim lor
 writing, fancied that my experienc. a
 had somewhat superior; whilst, I saw
 that hrs experiences were as goed as
 mine. Give them to me and I would
 make the same use of them. lie held
 the oM; he folds the new; I had the
 habit of tacking together the «Id and
 new, which lie did net use to ex.
 I'll is may hold in the rr r at e-an.plts
 i'erbaps if we sh u ci un et Mihk.-, «re,
 w e should n«»t t.e c nsci us of any steep
 inierioi ity no, hnt ol a gr&lt; ater i quali
 fy—-only that be possessed a strange
 skill of using, of classifying his lacts,
 w ‘hich wc lacked. For n&lt; twithstamlii g
 m:r utter incapacity to prt duce anything
 like Hamlet and Othello, see the per
 fect reception this wit, and immense
 knowledge oflife, and liquid eloquence
 finds in us all.
 If you gather apples in the sunshine,
 or make bay, or hoe corn, and then re
 tire w.twin doors, and shut your eves,
 and press ti.cm with your hand, ‘y&lt; u
 shall still see apples hanging in the
 bright klght. with houghs and leaves
 therrfv, V the tattled grass, or the
 corn flags, and this for five or six hours
 afterwards T here lie the impressions
 on tbe retentive organ, though vm
 know it not. So lies tbe whole series
 of natural images with which your life
 has made you acquainted, in your memo*
 ry, though you know it not, and a tin ill
 ot passion flashes light on their dink
 chambers, mid the active power sci/.es
 instantly the tit image, ns the world
 of its momentary thought.
 It is long ere we discover how rich
 we are. Our history, wc aje sure, ig
 quite tame. N\ e have n- thing to write,
 nothing to infer. Hut our wiser years
 still run hack to the despised rec Uec
 lions ot childhood, and always arc t.sh
 ing up some wonder,'ul article out of
 that pond until, by-and-by, we begin to
 suspect that the biogi aj hy of one f ol
 ish person we know, ig, in reality, noth
 ing less than the miniature paraphrase
 of the hundred volumes of the Universal
 Ministry.— Emerson.
 Wonders of Art.—There hi a man
 in London, who has a glass eve and
 spectacles, a wig, one arm, a.d both
 legs of wood, a nose which is fastened
 to the skin of the f .rchcad, a l .wer iaw
 of silver, an artificial se t of te« th, a part
 of the skull of a caoutchouc, and a pal
 ate and both cars of the same substance
 as well as a large part ol the abdomen.
 W e learn that he was formerly em
 ployed in supplying n steam engine with
 coal, and in an explosion of the L». iler,
 was most horribly muS.ated. r. Kem
 ble succeeded, almost !*y a miracle, in
 saving his life, and made him what he
 now is— alinott an artificial, yet breath
 ing man.
 Forgiveness. —She went up to her
 husband, and as it seemed, spoke lov
 ingly, saying that she wosld defer to
 him in everything, and would consult
 his wishes and obey them, and they
 might be very happy, if he would be
 gentle with her. He auswered with au
 imprecation and—with a blow Yes
 against the basc-scu'cdl
 villain with a blow! No angry cr&gt;\
 no loud reproaches. Even 1.. weep
 ing and her sobs were nif!&lt; jby r
 iclingicg around him. Fh:r or'v c-td
 repeating it in ari a&gt;jnny of Ik art—
 How could he, how could he? ar.d |r&gt;.|
 utterance in an »gouy of teats. Ch,
 j woman, God-beloved m old
 The best among m r.erd deal lightly
 with thy faults, it mly for the punish
 ment thy nature will endure in beari g
 heavy evidence against us on the day of
 judgment Dickens.
 A Lawyer,—A legal gentleman who
 lately paid his addresses to the daugh
 ter of a tradesman, was forLidden the
 house, cn which he sent in a b ill of
 mnety-oue pounds thirteen shillings and
 four-pence, for two hundred and seven
 tv-f;&gt;e attendances advising on family
 affairs. 7
 Stays were first invented by a brutal
 butcher of the thirty .th ccntuiy, a* a
 punishment for bis wife She vas very
 loquacious, and finding nothing would
 cure her, he put a pair of stay* on her
 in order to take away her breath, and
 ao present her talkuig. This cruel
 punishment was inflicted by other hu»-
 b.utd*, till at laat there was scarcely a
 wife in all London who was not con
 demned to wear stays. The pua.-H
 -ment became ao uniat er*al at last, that
 the ladies, in their own defence, nude s
 fashion of it, and ao tl continued to tb#
 present dev
 A lawyer of im innatt. who was re
 cently dunned to pay a debt, u ade a
 demand of |M*stage and .he&lt;g«, ki
 reading the .tanner's letter
"
