"“Christians and Philanthropists hear
 —North Star Fair iu Buffalo.**
 The Ladies of Buffalo, feeling bound by the
 tiea of humanity to imitate, as far a* possible,
 the philanthropic efforts of their sisters else
 where to aid, in some humble degree, the
 great cause of human freedom, which cause
 they hold to be paramount to all others,
 save that of the tehgion of Jesus Christ, and
 believing that no mortal means can be used
 with such great power and effect and no in
 fluence so widely extended as that of the pub
 lic press, and believing the “North Star,”
 published and edited by that noble champion
 of human rights, Frederick Douglass, to b
 ir every respect worthy of our countenance and
 support, and being aware of his great need of
 pecuniary assistance, we feel determined to
 aid in the advancement of the cause which he
 has espoused by holding a Fair for the bene
 fit, and sustenance of his paper, to commence
 on New Year's Eve. The united co-opera
 tioas of the friends throughout the country is
 most earnestly solicited.
 Donations and contributions may be for
 warded to Mrs. Richard Jones corner of
 North Division and Pine streets, or Mrs. Rich
 ard Turner, No. 28 Pine Street, in behalf of
 the Association.
 Mrs. RICHARD JONES, Pree’t.
Union Meeting.—The Union Meeting in
 Philadelphia, on the 21al mat., was attended
 by nearly 7000 persons. Hon. John Sargeant
 officiated as President. Speeches were deliv
 ered by George M. Dallas. Josiah Randall,
 Richard Rush, J. R. Ingeißotl, and others.
 Among the letters lead, yete the following
 from Messrs. Clay and Webster—
 Ashland, Nov, 8.
 Gentlemen—l have your letter inviting my
 attendance at a contemplated Union meeting
 of the people of Philadelphia. I should have
 been highly gratified to have been able to be
 present on such a distinguished occasion, but
 the necessary attention to my private affairs
 forbids my leaving home so soon after my re
 turn from the late session of Congress. I re
 joice in the proposed public demonstration and
 other similar manifestations of public senti
 ments of the North. The question before the
 nation is, (it would be folly to blind or dis
 guise it,) whether agitation against slavery
 shall put down the Union, or the Union shall
 be preserved, and that agitation be put down.
 There is no alternative, and is there any pa
 triot that can doubt or hesitate on sucli an is
 sue 1
 With great respect, I am, gentlemen, vour
 obedient servant, H. CLAY.
 Boston, Nov. 14.
 Gentlemen —I rave the honor to acknowl
 edge the receipt of your letter of the 11th of
 this month, inviting me, in behalf of the friends
 of the Constitution and the Union, without
 distinction of parly, resident in the city and
 county of Philadelphia, to attend a public
 meeting in that city on the 21st inst. 1 most
 sincerely wish that it was in my power to at
 tend that meeting. That gr .‘at central city
 is not only full of the friends of the Constitu
 tion, but full, also, of recollections connected
 with its adoption, and other great events in
 our histoiy. lit Philadelphia the first revolu
 tionary Congress assembled. In Philadelphia
 the Declaration of Independence was made.
 In Philadelphia the Constitution was formed,
 and received the signatures of Washington
 and his assocaiates; and now, when there is a
 spirit abroad evidently laboring to effect the
 separation of the Union, and the subversion
 of the Constitution, Philadelphia, of all pla
 ces, seems the finest for the assembling to
 gether of the friends of that Constitution, and
 that Union, to pledge ihemselvesto one anoth
 er and to the country to the last extremity.
 My public duties, gentlemen, lequire my
 immediate presence in Washingion; and for
 that reason, and that alone, I must deny my
 self thn pleasure of accepting your invitation.
 1 have the honoi, gentleman, to be, with
 great regard, your fellow citizen and humble
 servant, DANIEL WEBSTER.
Mr. (Jrittknden and tub Marshall oj
 Boston. —Documents and affidavits concern
 ing the conduct of the United States Marshal
 and other officers in the case of William and
 Ellen Crafts, having been transmitted to the
 President, he submitted them to Mr. Critten
 den, Attorney General, who, after a careful
 examination, says
 “Having perused them with care, and cer
 tainly without any bias or prepossession in
 favor of the marshal or h is deputy, I must say
 that, though 1 Can see no evidence of any par
 ticular activity n d energy on their part, it
 seems to me there does not sufficiently appear
 any cause for the censure of their conduct, or
 the removal of the marshall from office.”
 He thinks a mote commendable activity
 might have been manifested by them, but
 says that they acted in consultation with Mr.
 Hughes, the agent, who states that he has
 no ground of complaint against them.
 Mr. Attorney General, in the closing para
 graph of his communication to the President,
 makes an indecorous display of his own feel
 ings:
 “If I could have discovered any satisfactory
 evidence of the neglect or evasion of duty by
 these officers in ibis case, it would have been
 no less consonant with my feelings than with
 my judgment, to have recommended their in
 stant dismissal from the public service.”—
 Nat. Era.
Increase of the Value of S; «.ves. —The
 Fugitive Slave law has had the effect to in
 crease the value of slaves in this State, in con
 sequence of the greater apparent security of
 that kind of properly. This security is, how
 ever, merely ideal, as will be found next
 spring. Slaves do nut abscond to any great
 extent in the fa 1 of winter, preferring to
 travel either in the spring or summer. A
 statement has already been made through the
 Telegiaph that a number of persons in this
 State are preparing the necessary papers to
 it rest and identify their property at the
 North. Some few have done so, it is true
 out the great majority of persons who have
 lost slaves have as yet taken no action to re
 cover them. It is desired at the South, and
 will be urged in Congress this winter, to
 amend the Fugitive Slave law by adopting
 the amendment of list spring, (which was
 then lost) to remunerate from the public
 treasury the owners of such slaves, who may
 fad to obtain them by due process, after they
 may have identifier! their property. If the
 North permits such an amendment, it may
 anticipate paying for several thousand of
 those who have absconded.— Balt. Cor. Tub.
Singular Proceedings.— Joe Barker, the
 Mayor of Pittsburgh, who was elected whilst
 in jail, on a conviction of street preaching and
 street riots, is giving the goodly people of
 the Iron City a great deal of trouble. He is
 determined to show them that Joe Barker
 is Mayer, and that his enemies shall taste the
 sweets of the dungeon he so long enjoyed.
 He has arrested the Sheriff for misdemeanor,
 the Catholic Bishop am nuisance, and the
 City Council for a conspiracy, and threatens
 to imprison any Judge who on habeas corpus
 discharges any of his prisoners. After he
 had committed the City Council to jail, he
 closed his remarks with the following em
 phatic language:—
 “We want (said he) one reform, and then
 we will be able to get along. Hang all the
 judges, drive out half the lawyers and put
 down the grc£ shops.”
 A White Man Escaped from Slavery.
 —The last Newport and Covington, (Ky.)
 Daily News, reports the escape of a white
 man from Kentucky slavery. We quote
 liom the Journal the following paragraph:—
 “We learn that a mulatto man,a slave,es
 caped from Georgetown on Tuesday last, ta
 king with him a splendid horse and buggy.
 He came to Covington and passed the ferry
 without trouble; being straight haired and light
 complexioned, he represented himself success
 fully as a WHITE MAN.”
 Those who are honest, as ths best palicy,
 l»*K way to being rogues.
iljc Nortl) Slot.
ROCHESTER, DECEMBER 5, 1850.
VO 3 A second Lecture on Slavery will be
 delivered by Frederick Douglass, in Co
 rinthian Hall, on Sunday evening next, at
 seven o’clock. The public are respectfully
 invited to attend.
 B 7 Wr beg to return our sincere thanks
 to our friend Wilson Amistead, for his kind
 donation of books for the Rochester Fair.
 They have reached us safely, through the
 kindness of our Philadelphia friend, and will
 prove very acceptable.
 The Clairvotast Family Phtsician, con
 taining a course of treatment for all the diseases
 prevalent in this country. By Mrs. Lucina
 Tuttle, of Ryrsn, Genesee county to ba had
 at D. M. Dewet’s, No. 1 and 2, Arcade Hall,
 Rochester.
 This is a Rochester book, and peculiar to
 this region of country. We commend it to
 the perusal of the curious, without undertak
 ing to controvert or endorse its teachings.—
 Books that come to us, backed up by the
 affirmations of clairvoyants, ot the tappings of
 spirits, are difficult to dispute with, because
 they both Ifsslr from a alata of heins into
 which we have never penetrated.—f. d.
 A Word to Subscribers.—Two more
 numbers will close the third volume of “the
 North Star. We have had little to say, dur
 ing the present year, by way of pressing the
 claims of this journal upon its subscriber;
 nor do we mean to say much now, nor in
 future, to urge upon them the importance of
 giving it a generous support; —but we do feel
 at full liberty to solicit prompt payment of all
 subscriptions. This is absolutely necessary to
 the very existence of the paper. Few sub*
 scribers are aware of the immense expendi
 tures attendant on the publication of a large
 weekly journal, like “the North Star,” —and
 when they consider that the funds for this
 purpose must, necessarily, come in very small
 sums, they must know that the utmost prompti
 tude on the part of individual subscribers, is
 our only hope of success.
 We, therefore, beg that such of our sub
 sctibers as are in arreats, will favor us by
 remitting to us immediately —and that those
 who have already paid up, will lay us under
 greater obligations by forwarding us as many
 new subscribers as they may be able to get.—
 F. D.
LECTURE NO. I.—Delivered by Fred
 erick Dottflais, in Corinthinn Hall,
 on Sunday Evening, Dee. Ist.
 I come before you this evening to deliver
 the first lecture of a course which I purpose
 to give in this city, during the present winter,
 on the subject of American Slavery.
 1 make this announcement with no feelings
 of self-sufficiency. If I do not mistake my
 own emotions, they are such as result from a
 profound sense of my incompetency to do
 justice to the task which I have just an
 nounced, and have now entered upon.
 If any, then, demand of me why I speak,
 I plead as my apology, the fact that abler and
 more eloquent men have failed to speak, 01
 what, perhaps, is more true, therefore
 more strong, such men have spoken only or
 the wrong side of the question, and havt
 thus thrown their influence against the cause
 of liberty, humanity and benevolence.
 There are times in the experience of almosi
 every community, when even the humbles
 member thereof may properly presume tr
 teach —when the wise and great ones, the
 appointed leaders of the people, exert theii
 powers of mind to complicate, mystify, en
 tangle and obscure the simple truth—whet
 they exert the noblest gifts which heaver
 has vouchsafed to man to mislead ihe populai
 mind, and to corrupt the public heart, tha
 the humblest may stand forth and be excuse*
 for opposing even his weakness to the torrem
 of evil.
 That such a state of things exists in thii
 community, 1 have abundant evidence.
 learn it from the Rochester press, from the
 Rochester pulpit, and in my intercourse witl
 the people of Rochester. Not a day passes
 over me that I do not meet with apparently
 good men, who utter sentiments in respect t(
 this subject which would do discredit tc
 savages. They speak of the enslavement ol
 their fellow-men with an and
 coldness which might lie looked for only in
 men hardened by the most atrocious and vil
 lanous crimes.
 The fact is, we are in the midst of a greal
 struggle. The public mind is widely and
 deeply agitated and bubbling up from it«
 perturbed waters, are many ami great impuri
 ties, whose poisonous miasma demands a
 constant antidote.
 Whether the contemplated lectures will in
 any degree contribute towards answering this
 demand, time will determine.
 Of one thing, however, I can assure my
 hearers—that I come up to this work at the
 call of duty, and with an honest desire to
 promole the happiness and well-being ol
 every member of this community, as well as
 to advance the emancipation of every slave.
 The audience will pardon me if I say one
 word more by way of introduction. It is my
 purpose to give this subject a calm, candid
 and faithful discussion. I shall not aim to
 shock nor to startle my heareis; but to con
 vince their judgment and to secure their sym
 pathies for the erslaved. I shall aim to be
 as stringent as truth, and as severe as justice;
 and if at any time I shall fail of this, and do
 injustice in any respect, I shall be most happy
 to be set right by any gentleman who shall
 hear me, subject, of course, to order and de
 corum. I shall deal, during these lectures,
 alike with individuals and institutions—men
 shall no more escape me than things. I shall
 have occasion, at times, to be even personal,
 and to rebuke sin in high places. I shall noi
 hesitate to arraign either priests or politi
 cians, church or state, and to measure all by
 the standard of justice, and in the light oi
 truth. I shall not forget to deal with tin
 unrighteous spirit of caste which prevails
 this community and I shall give particulai
 attention to the recently enacted fugitive slav&lt;
 bill. I shall keep my eye upon the Congres;
 which is to commence to-morrow, and fullj
 inform myself as to its proceedings. In s
 word, the whole subject of slavery, in all iti
 bearings, shall have a full sod impartial die
 caution.
 A very slight acquaintance with the his ton
 of Atonican slavery is sufficient to show tha
 it is an evil of which it will be difficult to rit
this country. It is not the creature of a mo*
 ment, which to day is, and to-morrow is not;
 it is not a pigmy, which a slight blow may
 demolish; it is*no youthful upstatt, whose
 impertinent pratings may be silenced by a
 dignified contempt. No: it is an evil ol
 gigantic proportions, and of long standing.
 Its origin in this country dates back to the
 landing of the pilgrims on Plymouth rock.—
 It was here moie than two centuries ago.
 The first spot poisoned by its leprous pres
 ence, was a small plantation in Virginia. The
 slaves, at that time, numbered only twenty.
 They have now increased to the frightful
 number of three millions; and from that
 narrow plantation, they are now spread over
 by far the largest half of the American Un
 ion. Indeed, slavery forms an important part
 of the entire history of the American people.
 Its presence may be seen in all American
 affairs. It has become interwoven with all
 American institutions, and has anchored itself
 in the very soil of the American Constitution.
 It has thrown its paralysing arm over freedom
 of speech, and the liberty of the press and
 has created for itself morals and manners
 favorable to its own continuance. It has se
 duced the church, corrupted the pulpit, and
 brought the powers of both into degrading
 bondage; and now, in the pride of its power,
 n rvmi Threatens to onng aown tnat grana
 political edifice, the American Union, unless
 every member of this republic shall so far
 disregard his conscience and his God as to
 yield to its infernal behests.
 That must be a powerful influence which
 can truly be said to govern a nation and
 that slavery governs the American people, is
 indisputably true. If theie were any doubt
 on this point, a few plain questions (it seems
 to me) could not fail to remove it. What
 power has given this nation its Presidents lor
 more than fifty years* Slavery. What
 power is that to which the present aspirants
 to presidential honors are bowing Slavery.
 We may call it Union,” “Constitution,”
 Harmony,” or American institutions,”
 that to which such men as Cass, Dickinson,
 Webster, Clay and other distinguished men
 of this country, are devoting their energies,
 is nothing more nor less that American sla
 very. It is for this that they are writing let
 tets, making speeches, and promoting the
 holding of great mass meetings, professedly
 in lavor of the Union." These men know
 the service most pleasing to their master, and
 that which is most likely to be richly re
 warded. Men may serve God for nought,”
 as did Job; but he who serves the devil has
 an eye to his reward. Patriotism,” obe
 dience to the law,” prosperity to the coun
 try,’’ have come to mean, in the mouths of
 these distinguished statesmen, a mean and
 servile acquiescence in the most flagitious and
 profligate legislation in favor of slavery. I
 might enlarge here on this picture of the
 slave power, and tell of its influence upon the
 press in the free Slates, and upon the condi
 tion and tights of the free colored people of
 the North but I forbear for the present.
 Enough has been said, I trust, to convince all
 that the abolition of this evil will require
 time, energy, zeal, perseverance and patience;
 that it wifi require fidelity, a martyr-like
 spirit of self-sacrifice, and a firm reliance on
 Him who has declared Himself to be the
 God of the oppressed. Having said thus
 much upon the power and prevalence of sla
 very, allow me to speak of the nature of sla
 very itself; and here I can speak, in part,
 from experience—l can speak with the au
 thority of positive knowledge.
 More than twenty years of rny life were
 consumed in a state of slavery. My child
 hood was environed by the baneful peculiari
 ties of the slave system. I grew up to man
 hood in the presence of this hydra-headed
 monster—not as a master —not as an idle
 spectator —not as the guest of the slave
 holder; but as a slave, eating the bread and
 drinking the cup of slavery with the roost
 degraded of my brother bondmen, and sharing
 with them all the painful conditions of their
 wretched lot. In consideration of these facts,
 I feel that I have a right to speak, and to
 speak strongly. Yet, my friends, I feel
 bound to speak truly.
 Goading as have been the cruelties to
 which I hive been subjected—bitter as have
 been the trials throughjwhich I have passed
 exaspeiaiing as have been (and still are) the
 indignities offered to my manhood, I find in
 them no excuse for the slightest departure
 from truth in dealing with any branch of this
 subject.
 First of all, I will state, as well as I can,
 the legal and social relation of master and
 slave. A master is one (to speak in the vo
 cabulary of the Southern States) who claims
 and exercises a right of property in the per
 son of a fellow man. This he does with the
 force of the law and the sanction of Southern
 religion. The law gives the master absolute
 power over the slave. He may work him,
 flog him, hire him out, sell him, and, in cer*
 tain contingences, kill him, with perfect im
 punity. The slave is a human being, di
 vested of all rights—reduced t 9 the level of
 a brute—a mere chattel” in the eye of the
 l*w placed beyond the circle of human
 brotherhood cut off from his kind his
 name, which the recording angel” may
 have enroled in heaven, among the blest, is
 impiously inserted in a mast r's leger, with
 horses, sheep and swine. In law, the slave
 has no wife, no children, no country, and no
 home. He can own nothing, possess noth
 ing, acquire nothing, but what must belong
 to another. To eat the fruit of his own toil,
 to clothe his person with the work of his own
 hands, is considered stealing. He toils that
 another may reap the fruit; he is industrious
 that another may live in idleness; he eats
 unbolted meal, that another may eat the bread
 of fine flour; he labors in chains at home,
 under a burning sun and a biting lash, that
 another may ride in ease and splendor abroad;
 he lives in ignorance, that another may be
 educated he is abused, that another may be
 exslted; he rests his toil-worn limbs on the
 cold, damp ground, that another may repose
 on the softest pillow be is clad in coarse and
 tattered raimmt,that another may be arrayed
 in purple and fine linen he is sheltered only
 by the wretched hovel, that a master may
 dwell in a magnificent mansion and to this
 condition he is bound down as by an arm of
 iron.
 From this monstrous relation, there springs
 an uneeaaing stream of most revolting cruel
 ties. The very accompanyments of the slave
 system, stamp it as the offspring of hell itself.
 To ensure good behavior, the slaveholder
 relies on the whip; to induce proper humility,
he relies on the whip; to rebake what he is
 pleased to term insolence, he relies on the
 t whtp; to supply &lt;ke place of wages, as an
 1 incentive to toil, be relies on the whip; to bind
 t down the the slave, to imbrate and
 I to destroy his manhood, he relies on the whip,
 the chain, the gag, the thamb-sciew, the pit
 lory, the bowie-knife, the pistol, and the
 I&gt;!oo&lt;t |H^ k 'rheae are the necessary and
 of the aysiem.—
 Wherever alwtty found, these hoi rid in
 struments aie also found. Whether on the
 coast of Africa, among the savage tribes, or
 in South Carolina, among the refined ami
 civilized, slavery is the same, and its accom
 panyments one and the same. It makes no
 difference whether the slaveholder worships
 the God of the Christians or is a follower of
 Mahomet, he is the minister of the same
 cruelty, and the author of the same misery.
 Slarvry is always slavery —always the same
 foul, haggard, and damning scourge, whether
 found in the Eastern or in the Western Hem
 isphere.
 There is a still deeper shade to be given to
 this picture. The physical cruelties are in
 deed sufficiently harrassing and revolting; but
 they are but as a few grains of sands on the
 sea shore, or a few drops of water in the
 great ocean, compared with the stupendous
 wrongs which it inflicts upon the mental,
 moral and teligious nature of its hapless
 victims. It is only when we contemplate the
 slaveas a moril and intellectual being, that
 we can adequately comprehend the unparal
 leled enormity of slavery, and the intense
 criminality of the slaveholder. I have said
 that the slave is a man. “What a piece of
 work is man How noble in reason I How
 infinite in faculties! In form and moving
 how express and admirable! In action how
 like an angel! In apprehension how like a
 God The beauty of the world the paragon
 of animals!”
 The slave is a man, “the image of God,”
 but “a little lower than the angels;” possess
 ing a soul, eternal and indestructible; capable
 of endless happiness, or immeasurable woe;
 a creature of hopes and feats, of affections
 and passions, of joys and sorrows; and he is
 endowed with those mysterious powers by
 which man soars above the things of time and
 sense, and grasps with undying tenacity, the
 elevating and sublimely glorious idea of a
 God. It is such a being that is smitten and
 blasted. The first work of slavery is to mai
 and deface those characteristics of its.victimi
 which distinguish men from things, and per
 sons from property. Its fust aim is to destroy
 all sense of high moral and religious respon
 sibility. It reduces man to a mere machine
 It cuts him oir from his maker, it hides frotr
 him the laws of God, and leaves him to gropr
 his way from time to eternity in the dark, un
 d«r the arbitrary and despotic control of
 frail, depraved and sinful fellow-man.
 As the serpent-charmer of India is com
 pelted to extract the deadly teeth of his ven
 omous prey before he is able to handle hiu
 with impunity, so the slaveholder must stnki
 down the conscience of the slave, before h&lt;
 esn obtain the entire mastery over his victim
 It is, then, the first business of the enslave
 of men to blunt, deaden and destroy the cen
 tral principle of human responsibility. Con
 science is to the individual soul and to society
 what the law of gravitation is to the universe
 It holds society together; it is the basis of al
 trust and confidence; it is the pillar of a]
 moral recitude. Without it, suspicion woul&lt;
 take the place of trust; vice wouid be mon
 than a match for virtue; men would prey up
 on each other, like the wild beasts of th
 desert; and earth would become a hell.
 Nor is slavery more adverse to the con
 science that it is to the mind.
 This is slown by the fact that in ever;
 State of the American Union, where slaver'
 exists, excq&gt;t the State of Kentucky, ther
 are laws, absolutely prohibitory of educatio
 among tbe daves. The crime of teaching
 slave to read is punishable with severe finei
 and imprisonment, and, in some instances
 with death ilstlf.
 Nor are the laws respecting this matter,:
 dead letter. Cases may occur in which thei
 are disregarded, and a few instances may bi
 found where slaves may have learned to read
 but such are isolated cases, and only provi
 the rule. The great mass of slaveholders 100 l
 upon education among the slaves as utterly
 subversive of the slave system. I well re
 member when my mistress first announced tc
 my master that she had discovered that J
 could read. His face colored at once, with
 surprise ana chagrin. He said that “I was
 ruined, and my value as a slave destroyed;
 that a slave should know nothing but to obey
 his master; that to give a negro an inch would
 lead him to take an ell; that having learned
 how to read, 1 would soon want to know
 how to write; and that, bye and bye, 1 would
 be running away.” 1 think my audience will
 bear witness to the correctness of this philo
 sophy, and to the literal fulfilment of this
 prophecy.
 It is perfectly well understood at the South
 that'to educate a slave is to make him discon
 tented with slavery, and to invest him with
 power whieh shall open to him the treas
 ures of freedom; and since the object of the
 slaveholder is to maintain complete authority
 over his slave, his constant vigilance is exer
 cised to prevent everything which militates
 against, or endangers the stability of his au
 thority. Education being among the menac
 ing influences, and, perhaps, the most danger
 ous, is, therefore, the most cautiously guard
 ed against.
 It is ttue that we do not often hear of the
 enforcement of the law, punishing as crime
 the teaching of slaves to read,but this is not be
 cause of a want of disposition to enforce it.
 The true reason, or explanation of the matter
 it this, there is the greatest unanimity of opin
 ion among the white population of the South,
 in favor of the policy of keeping the slave in
 ignoranee. There is, perhaps, another rea
 son why the law against education is so seldom
 violated. The slave is too poor to be able to
 offer a temptation sufficiently strong to induce
 a white man to violate it; and it is not to be
 supposed that in a community where the moral
 and Teligious sentiment is in favor of slavery,
 many martyrs will be found sacrificing their
 liberty and lives by violating those prohibitory
 enactments.
 Asa general rule, then, darkness reigns
 over the abodes of the enslaved, and “how
 great is that darkness!”
 We are sometime* told of the contentment
 of tbe slsvee, snd sre entertcined with vivid
 pictures of their hsppiness. We Me told thst
they often dance and aiog; that their master*
 frequently give them wherewith to make
 merry; in fine, that that they have little of
 which to complain. I admit that the slave
 does aoroetirnes sing, dance, and appear to bel
 merry. But what does this prove? It only
 prove* to my mind, that though slavery is
 armed with a thousand stings, it is not able
 entirely to kill the elastic spirit of the bond
 man. That spirit will rise and walk abroad,
 despite of whips and chains, and extract from
 the cup of nature, occasional drops of joy and
 gladness. No thanks t* the slaveholder, nor
 to slavery, that the vivacious captive may
 sometimes dance in his chains, his very mirth
 in such circumstances, stands before God, as
 an accusing angel against his enslaver.
 But who tells us of the extraordinary con
 tentment and happiness of the slave* What
 traveller has explored the balmy regions of
 our Southern country and brought back
 “these glad tidings of joy” 1 Bring him cn
 the platfoim, and bid him answer a few plain
 q uestions, we shall then be able to determine
 the weight and importance that attach to his
 testimony. Is he a minister Yea. Were
 you ever in a slave State, sir Yes. May
 1 inquire the object of your mission South
 To preach the gospel, sir. Of what denom
 ination are you A Presbyterian, sir. To
 whom were you introduced To the Rev.
 Plummer. Is he a slaveholder, sir Yes,
 sir. Has slaves about his house? v„ H j r
 Were you then the guest of Dr. Plummer?
 Yes, sir. Waited on by slaves while there?
 Yes, sir. Did you preach for Dr. Plummer?
 Yes, sir. Did you spend your nights at the
 great house, or at the quarter among the
 slaves At the great house. You had, then,
 no social intercourse with the slaves? No,
 sir. You fraternized, then, wholly with the
 white portion of the population while there?
 Yes, sir. This is sufficient, sir; you can leave
 the platform.
 Nothing is more natural than that those
 who go into slave States, and enjoy the hi*
 pitality of slaveholders, should bring back
 favorable reports of the condition of the slave.
 If that ultra republican, the Hon. Lewis Cass
 could not return from the Court of France,
 without paying a compliment to royalty sim
 ply because King Louis Phillippe patted
 him on the shoulder, called him “friend,”
 and invited him to dinner, it is not to bo ex
 pected that those hungry shadows of men in
 the shape of ministers, that go South, can es
 cape a contamination even more' beguiling
 and insidious. Alas! fox the weakness ol
 poor human nature “Pleased with a rattle,
 tickled with a straw
 Why is it Jthat sll the reports of content
 ment and happiness among the slaves at the
 South come to us upon the authority of slave
 holders, or (what is equally significant,)
 of slaveholder’s friends? Why is it that we
 do not hear from the slaves direct The an
 swer to this question furnishes the darkest
 features in the American slave system.
 1 It is often said, by the opponents of the An
 ti-Slavery cause, that the condition of the peo
 pie of Ireland is more deplorable than lhat o!
 the American slaves. Far be it from me to
 underrate the sufferings of the Irish people.
 They have been long oppressed; and the same
 heart that prompts me to plead the cause ol
 the American bondman, makes it impossible
 fur me not to sympathize with the oppressed
 of all lands. Yet I must say that there is no
 1 analogy between the two cases. The Irish
 man is poor, but he is not a slave. He may
 be in rags, but he is not a slave. He is still
 the master of his own body, and can say with
 1 the poet, “The hand of Douglass is his own.”
 “The world is all before him, where tc
 choose,” and poor as may be my opinion ol
 the British Parliament, I cannot believe that il
 will ever sink to such a depth of infamy as tc
 pass a law for the recapture of Fugitive
 1 Irishmen! The shame and scandal of kid
 -1 napping will long remain wholly monopo
 1 lized by the American Congress! The Irish
 man has not only the liberty to emigrate from
 his country, but he has liberty at home. H«
 can write, and speak, and co-cperate for the
 attainment of his rights and the redress of his
 wrongs.
 .The multitude can assemble upon all the
 gieer. hols, and fertile plains of the Emerald
 Isle—they can pour out their grievances, and
 proclaim their wants without molestation;
 and the press, lhat “awift-winged messen
 ger,” can bear the tidings of their doings to
 the extreme bounds of the civilized woild.
 They have their “Conciliation Hall” on the
 banks of the Liffey, their reform Clubs, and
 their newspapers; they pass resolutions, send
 forth addresses, and enjoy the right of peti
 tion-. But how is it with the American
 slave? Where may he assemble Where is
 his Conciliation Hull Where are his news,
 papers Where is his right of petition*
 Where is his freedom of speech his liberty of
 the press and his right of locomotion He is
 said to be happy; happy men can speak. But
 ask the slave— what iahis condition?— what
 his state of mind? 1 what he thinks of his
 enslavement and you had as well address
 your inquiries to the silent dead. There
 comes no voice from the enslaved, we are left
 to gather his feelings by imagining whatour’s
 would be, were our jouls in his soul’s stead.
 If there' were no other fact descriptive oi
 slavery, than that the slave is dumb, this
 alone would be sufficient to mark the slave
 system as a grand aggregation of human hor
 rors.
 Most who are present will have observed
 that leading men, in this country, have been
 putting forth their skill to secure quiet to
 the nation. A system of measures to promote
 this object was adopted a few months ago in
 Congress.
 The result of those measures is known. In
 stead of quiet, they have produced alarm; in
 stead of they have brought us war,
 and so roust ever be.
 While this nation is guilty of the enslave
 ment of three millions of innocent men and
 women, it is as idle fb think of having a sound
 and lasting peace, as it is to think there is no
 God, to take cognizance of the affairs of men.
 There can be no peace to the wicked while
 slavery continues in the land, it will be con
 demned.and while it is condemned there will be
 agitation; Nature must cease to be nature; Men
 must become monsters; Humanity must be
 transformed; Christianity must be extermina
 ted; all ideas of justice, and the laws of eter
 nal goodness must be utterly blotted out from
 the human soul, ere a system so foul and in
 fernal can escape condemnation, or thia guilty
 Republic can have a sound and enduring
 Peace.
George Thompson’* Speech.
 Our leader* are aware, that Mr. Thompson
 was not permitted, in cneeeqnence of the
 riotcaa behavior of certain of the Whig* of
 Boston, to pronounced the speech which he
 had prepared for deliver* at the reception
 meeting, in the city acmujed to him by bin
 friend*. And now we can scarcely find a
 Whig newspaper that does not justify the
 outrage upon the sacred right of Jiheiiy of
 speech. The New York Expiesa gives en
 couragement to all patriots of the Rvnders
 school, to expel Mr. Thompson from the
 country and the editors themselves openly
 advocate the propriety nf lynching him.
 Here is what that immaculate sheet say*
 editorialy upon the subject:
 “Considering the present excited and al
 most insurrectionary state of the public mind
 in this country, we have no hesitation in say
 ing that we hope this'counirv will be made
 too hot for this Hon. feed British emissary,
 in case be attempts to patrol our country, and
 to excite and to exasperate one portion of our
 countrymen against another. As wc would
 repel a foreign enemy, we have a right to
 repel him. As the British government would
 hang an American in Iteland, there exciting
 one portion of society to an insurrection
 •against the other, so here we have the right,
 not to hang this British feed Emmissary, to
 be sure, but to silence him in every way con
 sistent with the laws of our country. We
 owe him no hospitality. We owe himVio re
 spect. We owe him no decent taeatmeni.
 He is an alien enemy, with a firebrand m his
 hand; a paid alien spy, from portion of the
 British people, who wish to destioy our
 country; and the quicker he is made to feel
 the ignominy of his traitorous misssion, the
 i-t-lrer fie will go back, with his Gold, to the
 mischievous hum Imre.''
 The time haa been when a higher morality
 th|n breathes in the above, characterized the
 leading articles of the most influential organa
 of the Whig party; but the apostacy of the
 leaders, has corrupted the satellites; and it is
 not to be wondered at, that with Daniel Web
 ster, fallen to a level with the Honorable
 Michad Walsh, prominent W higs should be
 foremost in provoking riots, as in Boston, nr
 that the sentiments of the Empire Club,
 should find a voice in the columns of Whig
 newspapers. Most unfortunately for ’hose
 maligners of Mr. Thompson and his motives,
 the speech which he had intended to have
 given, was written down beforehand, and was
 laid before the public through the colums ol
 the Chronotype on the following morning.
 While it carried upon its face throughout, the
 most ample refutation of all the slanders of
 his opponents, it showed likewise the too po
 tent influence of a venal pres 3, over the pre
 judiced, the unprincipled, and the vile.
 We copy a |few brief extracts from the
 speech as published,* without
 from the authty, and ask our readers candidly
 to judge if for the utterance of such sentiments
 as these, the threat of the New York Ex
 press should be carried out, and “the country
 made too hot to hold the man who utteis
 them.”
 Mr. Thompson is speaking of the political
 institutions of his own country, and says:
 “Our system is a fetid duughill, out of
 which springs with frightful luxuriance, under
 the warm sun of every general election, all
 kinds of rank weeds and poisonous plants. Ii
 is a stagnant reservoir of putrid water,
 breeding from year to year every pernicious
 exhalation, and all sorts of noxious reptiles
 to find their way at every election into the
 regions of pollution and iniquity, and wh ch
 are always to be traced by the filthy slime
 thev leave behind them.”
 This sounds very much like the language
 of a feed agent of the British Government,
 it must be confessed. He refers to Massa
 chusetts and to Mr. Webster, as follows.
 “Massachusetts has not forgotten the God
 that guided the Mayflower to Plymouth rock
 —and though the peerless intellect of Massa
 chusetts may suffer from the stroke of a
 Southern sun, the heart of the old Bay State
 is sound, and still beats responsive to the
 instincU of nature, the dictates of humanity,
 and the claims of the trembling outcast who
 asks a shelter on her soil.”
 Relative to his advocacy of slavery emanci
 pation here, he speaks as follows:
 “If it be imputed to me that I have identi
 fied myself with those who are held in sla
 very on this soil, and have sought to promul
 gate the doctrines of emancipation, I acknow
 ledge the justice of the impeachment, and
 plead guilty. My offence reaches far beyond
 the limits of the United Stales. My aspira
 tions for freedom are as wide as the soil pol
 luted by the footprints of a tyrant. In advo
 cating the rights of humanity, I know of no
 geographical boundaries. I walk upon God’s
 earth, among God's children, and wherever
 I see one of them smitten down, I will de
 nounce the aggressor, and demand the de
 liverance of the captive.”
 He makes an extract from the speech of
 Mr. Webster at the Hungarian dinner, re
 lative to Kossuth and the Austrian Govern
 ment, and substituting Crafts for Kossuth and
 tire South for Austria, makes it read as fol
 lows:
 “I see that the South demands of Massa
 chusetts that the noble Crafts and his equally
 noble companion should be given up, and I
 see that this demand is in derision of the es
 tablished law of nations. Gentlemen, there
 is something on earth greater lhan arbitrary
 or despQltc power. The lightning has its
 power, and the whirlwind has its powei; but
 there is something among men more capable
 of shaking despotic power than lightning,
 whirlwind or earthquake—that is the threat
 ened indignation of the whole civilized
 world.”— Worcester Spy.
Free Labor Intelligence.—A recent
 letter from Trinidad speaks of the lively in
 terest of the inhabitants of that island on the
 subject of cotton growing, and of their in
 tention to plant a large quantity of land that
 has hitherto been lying almost waste. The
 writer encloseJ a specimen ol native cotton,
 which has been valued in Liverpool at nine
 and a half per lb. Another account from
 Jamaica speaks earnestly of the importance
 of the people of Great Britain prefeiring free
 produce to slave-grown, and of the probabili
 ty of a large supply of free cotton being
 grown in that colony at no distant period.
 Other letters from the maker of the new
 Roller-gin (a gentleman tt'&amp;iding in Edin
 burgh) tell of the hearty approval of his
 machine by the manufacturers of Mancheiter,
 after it had been elosely tested in that town;
 and the writer adds, ‘‘l ain now engaged in
 the construction of one for Australia, one for
 Jamaica, and one for the East coast of Afri
 ca. To-day, lam forwarding one to Natal.
 I receive jCI2, 13s. each fur these machines;
 but so soon as I receive an order to any ex
 tent, and can make a division of labor in theii
 construction, I will inform you of the lowest
 price for which I can furnish them.”
 It appears that this gin, which may be con
 veyed to the West India Islands for about
 10s., is all the machinery that is necessary
 for the cleaning of cotton. How cheap and
 simple a source ot comfort and revenue might
 cotton-growing become to the inhabitants of
 tnose loLi.dt!
 Be it also remembered that the exuberance
 of the West Indian soil and climate allow of
 t vro crops of cotton being gathered in the
 year, instead of only one. The frosts of
 winter uniformly cut off the American plant, j
 and call foi its being renewed each spring; i
 while, in the West Indies and Natal, the
 same shrub lasts for six, eight, or ten years,
 and requires comparatively no atiention, ex
 cept being kept clear of weeds.
 Why, with this source of an abundant sup
 ply within easy reach, ami only requiring a
 spi riled demand for it to fill the British mar
 kets —O »hy should the ladies of England
 continos to clothe themselves in garments
 wrung from the bondsmah’»sufferings? Why
 should his back be fotever bleeding in their
 service, and the holiest ties of love and affec
 tion be constantly rent asunder to find
 victims for the auction-block, and human cat
 tle for the cultivation of the sugar plantation
 and for the rieo and cotton field?
Slat* Catching in Jnduna.— White
 W OMAN AMD CSiLD SEIZED AS SIATKS —Th«
 following from the New Albany (la.) L*j wr
 of Not. 13th shows that complexion is m»£-
 cunty for freedom even in the nominally free
 State* of out country:
 Sinsular Fugitive Slave Case,— Three
 persons were yesterday brought before Esq
 Jocelyn, charged by a man named Dennis
 rramell, of Arkansas, with beihg fugitive
 he fugitives are—a woman
 about 55 years of age; her daughter about S 5,
 and a son of the latter, a boy of 7 or 8. They
 were pm in jail till to-morrow, when the tes
 timony in the case will be examined. What
 is singular about this case is, that the so-calf
 ed fugitives are, to all appearance,, while
 persons. No trace of negro ot Indian blood
 is discernible in the oldest woman nor in ihe
 boy. Some few of those who have seen the
 other woman think there is a slight reaera
 blance to the Indian in some of her features
 bat a large majority are of the opinion that
 she also is of purely white origin. Theyhav#
 been living m this city four months, during
 which time the boy—said to be quite spright
 ly—has been going to one of our schools,**
 mingling with white children, no one suspect
 ing him to be aught else than white like
 themselves. About ten days ago, the family
 wete enticed across the river, where they
 WMHh, but when fa
 neigborliood of Hawgville were (as tbev savl
 put on shore by the passengers, and made
 iheir way back here. The oldest woman
 says that she is a native of Baltimore; tha"
 many years ago her husband was killed by
 Indians, and she and her daughter carried
 away captive by them, among whom she has
 ever since resided—latterly in Arkansas-but
 are not slaves, and were nevertreated as such
 l pon (he whole, this one of the most singular
 ir_x h,he
Brazil and the Slave Trade.
 7 o the Editor of the Times.— The follow
 translated copy of an advertisement T„
 the Rio pipers shows that the Brazilian* «,2
 not indifferent to the gre-it purpZ Tthefr
 calling as an independendent nation, and that
 despue the abuse and and ill-ireatm* n
 which they have been subjected by ouTCii
 lative measures, there is a growing desir!
 the country .tself, not only 0 abolish
 traffic in slaves, but eventually 0 bring abom
 a more legitimate means of cultivating ,h"
 soil than by forced slave labor. neu
 The question is a very nica and a verv
 difficult one wfuch is proved by the Jong and
 .nte.es.mg debates in the Chambers as to the
 appropr.at.on of waste lands for the purpose
 of colonization, and the encouragement of
 emigration B™Uj no, OT g h „f
 phene things by hamh and ill-ii mad InM
 sures, such as have been lately resorted to bv
 our cruisers on that coast. The advertise
 “Boc.ety against the Traffic m African
 and for Promoting the Colonization and Civili
 zation of ihe Indigenous Population
 “I he society, honored wth the imperial
 approbation of Hu Majesty the Emjeror,
 under a despatch from his Minister of State
 w ill install itself solemnly on the 7lh of Sod*
 tern her, at 5 o’clock p m., in the saloon Jf
 Moresta, Bus da A/uda.
 “On the part of the Provisional President
 I invite all the members, and all persons
 favorab to the end* of the society, to shed a
 lustre by their presence on this solemn act
 “V. CA LORE I)E EIAO, Provisional
 Secretary.
 It is only right the British public should
 know that the acts of a few lawless men,
 stimulated by the enticement of illicit gain
 arising out of the anomalous position of Afri
 ca, are not sanctioned by the intelligent and
 respectable amongst Brazilians.
 I am your most obedient servant,
 t AN OBSERVER.
 Liverpool, Nov. 5.
George Thompson, M.P.
 1 iiere was convened last week in Faneuil
 Hall, Boston, a meeting of the inhabitants of
 that city, to receive once more, and welcome
 tins noble and eminent British reformer to
 America. A section of disappointed politi
 cians, however, who are smarting under the
 result of the late elections in Massachusetts,
 took advantage of that occasion to disgrace the
 hospitality of New England, and to prevent
 this distinguished mm from receiving the con
 gratulations of his friends, and from commun
 ing with them for a lew short hours in peace.
 Men, dressed in clothes that, according to the
 nomenclature of the world, are called genteel
 kept up a continual howl of cheeis for Daniel
 Webster, for Millaid Fillmore, and for a cer
 tain peisonage that shall Ire nameless; which
 cheers were inteimitted with groans for Gen
 eral Cass and for Horace Mann.
 The meeriog on account of those pitiable
 pioceedings, was adjourned to Worcester and
 to-day Mr. Thompson will be amongst the
 honest yeoman and thoughtful arttzansof our
 fair city. Our Mayor and a majority of tbe
 city government have headed an invitation of
 our citizens to Mr. Ihompson, to come and
 see whether we "country folks" understand
 politeness as well as our urbane neighbors of
 Boston. If we cannot boast of that high “Athe
 nian’ polish wtiich pertains to our metropoli
 tan country—if we are truly no mote than
 the rude Spartans of New England—if we
 are nothing but a rustic people, whose hands
 are more familiar with the plough and ihu
 spade, than with kid gloves and Eau die Co
 logne—and if we do not know good manners
 a tenth pail so well as do the Bostonians—we
 hope show Mr. Thompson, and any man
 that comes to us with half so good a charac
 ter, that we can at least practice American
 hospitality towards one of the most honest,
 distinguished, eloquent and earnest Ketoim
 ers of the Old World. x. D.
Despotism or Slavery. Some time
 since, two Wesleyan Ministers, Rev. Jesse
 M’Brnle and Rev. A.. Crooks, were arrested
 and held to bail in Freensboro, N. C., on the
 charge of circulating incendiary publications.
 Their offence consisted in giving a tract to a
 little girl, showing slavery to be a violation
 oft he ten commandments. Their trial recent*
 ly took place. Mr. Crooks was acquitted.
 Mr. M’Bride was convicted, and sentenced to
 one year’s imprisonment, to stand in the pillory
 one hour, and to receive twenty lashes.
 The Constitution of the United States de
 clares that the freedom of speech and of the
 press shall riot be infringed; that cruel and
 unusual punishments shall not be imposed,'
 and that the citizens of one State shall enjoy
 the immunities of a citizen of the United
 States, in all the others. These provisions
 seem to be treated with utter contempt by the
 courts and juries and sovereign people of
 the South.—They have a “higher law"
 there, under which they don’t hesitate to set
 aside the most important clauses of the Con
 stitution. The irresponsible will of 259,000
 slaveholders is supreme North Carolina,
 and hence when they command, without any
 qualms of conscience, the Constitution is
 trampled in the duot.— Tree Presbyterian.
 K? Several clergymen of New Hampshire
 have visited Daniel Webster. A correspond
 ent of the Independent Democrat says that
 Rev. Mr. Bouton addressed Webeter in s set
 speech, and Daniel was greatly affected, even
 wept.' However, a copious drink dispelled
 bis emotion, and when dinner came Daniel
 iuvoked a blesaing upon the reverend heads
 before him, with an unction that would have
 done credit to the late “Stephen Burroughs’’
 himself in his best estate. —LotceU American.
 Gov. Quitman and Disunion New
 Orleans, Nov. 22.—The Message of Gov.
 Quitman to the Legislature of Mississippi,
 goes strongly for Disunion. He thinks it im
 possible io save the Union, but is willing to
 try the North by asking for a division of Cali
 fornia. That refused, the message and tie
 author assert that tne Sooth ought to secede,
"
