"ottru..
[From iba Liberator
 SONG
 For Jinny Lind to ting to thr Atnrriean Ptopir.
 Republic of the setting ,in
 My lieart has often turnol t« thee;
 Thy prairie*. tree run and Iwtitt dun,
 Shore, take, and waterfall, and lea
 Have of my being formed a part;
 And now I’m welcomed to thy heart.
 Republic of the setting sun I
 What mean those notes that quench my lay?
 A wail I hear of heart* undone;
 It fill* my soal with *orc dismay.
 You gladly shelter Europe’* brave,
 And make your home-born man n slave.
 I’ve sung beneath the iron reign
 Of Muscovite, whose will is law;
 But O, my soul! so foul a slain
 In other land I never saw.
 My heart grows sick! Ood’s form divine
 You sell for cash with herds of swine.
 Republic of the aeltiug sun!
 Wipe out at .once this foul disgrace;
 Then shall thou make all people one,’
 Anti Freedom guard for every race.
 O give t(.: world this deed sublime,
 And man’s one lieart I pledge thee thine.
 L. N. Y.
 [From the Liberty Party Paper.]
 DONTJRET.
 Strong, good common sense, and sound philoso
 phy beside*, in these four quaint versel«»«'
 Has a neighbor injured you!
 f»on't fret—
 You will yet come oft' the best;
 He’s the most to answer for,
 Never mind it, let it rest.
 Don’t fret.
 Has si horrid lie I wen told!
 Don’t fret;
 It will run itself to death,
 If you let it quite alone;
 It will die for want of breath:
 Don’t fret.
 Are your enemies at work!
 Don’t fret—
 They can’t injure yon a whit;
 If they find you heed them not,
 They will soon be glad to quit:
 Don’t fret.
 Is adversity your lot!
 Don’t fret—
 FortunWs wheel keeps turning round,
 Every spoke will reach the top,
 Which, like you, is going down;
 l&gt;on’t fret.
Hlisc.lloucaus.
[From the Ncw-Englander.]
 THE HUTCHINSON FAMILY.
 During a recent short stay in the
 city of Rochester 1 went to Corinthian
 Hall to hear the Hutchinson Family
 sing, and made some pencil-marks from
 which 1 transfer the following, with
 such touching-up and softenings as i
 choose to make.
 It is Saturday night, aud rainy at
 that. Corinthian Hall is finely illumi
 nated. The people come in slowly, but
 what they lack in numbers they make
 up in respectability. I will take that
 seat in front of the platform, so that I
 can see the singers as well as hear
 them. I wish some one would taketne
 seat right before me, so that I can draw
 those who draw so many others without
 being noticed by the gifted objects of
 attraction. lam lucky for once, for a
 bouncing man and four beautiful wo
 men have taken possession of the un
 chartered seat. Suppose we look at
 the hall until “the nest of brothers
 with a sister in it” commence warbling.
 This spacious room is truly magnifi
 cent, The settees are handsomely
 cushioned, and can accommodate near
 ly two thousand persons. There are
 thirty long, narrow windows, staring
 like eyes of fire into the surrounding
 streets. There are four splendid chan
 deliers let down from the ceiling, and
 gas-burners project from the walls with
 fingers of fire like the mysterioas hand
 whi::h wrote with the telegraphic pen in
 the temple of Belshazzar. Hear that
 aristocratic donkey in the next seat:—
 “1 would like to hear Jenny Lind sing,
 but Barnum is a showman, and it is
 vulgar to countenance the company
 with whom he associates.” Now, I
 have no doubt the silly fool who made
 that remark is a low-born fellow who
 is indebted to somebody else for his for
 tune, iflie has one. But
 The s ngera have just made their ap
 pearance. How can 1 write whils they
 sing? There is Abby, with her laugh
 ing lips and eyes; the harvest of brown
 ringlets about her neck seem to vibrate
 with vocal sweetness. See her sway
 from side to side between two of her
 brothers, as though they were magnets
 and she idumc iu motion! Abby is a
 dear fittle love of a woman, and her
 husband must not be jealous if every
 body loves her. It is not a matter of
 wonderment tnat such a small body
 contains such a large heart, for nature
 puts up her choice articles in small par
 cels. VVere diamonds as large as rocks,
 they would not be so valuable as at
 present. This American Jenny Lind
 is apparently about twenty-four years of
 age, has dark brown hair, a round,
 pleasant face, and eyes that shine like
 stars.
 I am compelled to stop; it ig impossi
 ble to sketch while they sing. Con
 found the fiddles! they spoil the melo
 dy. File saws while the.canary pours
 out its rich music, if you will, but nev
 er, Oh never, scrape catgut when the
 human voice can bo heat'd amalgama
 ting poetry with melody. There is an
 indescribable liquid sweetness in Ab
 by’s voice which is truly charming. In
 its sober tones it seems like the sub
 dued and distant voice angel from
 the “upper deep,” Judson sings the
 air, and makes the air sing Judson.
 He looks like a live Yankee; his face
 is long, thin, and closely shaved; his
 hair is rather long, and blushed behind
 his ears, which are not long; he is
 pressed, as are the other two brothers,
 in a superfine black cloth coat and pan
 taloons, a white vest, silk neckerchief,
 with collar down a la Byron.
 He is unmarried, and is now giving us
 the “Bachelor’s Lament,” amid roars
 of laughter. He is no mean mimic.
 The three brothers are now giving us
 a funny thing, and, by-the-bye, it is a
 ®ppr thing. Some of the sourcroui
 school are wondering if it ain't “vul
 gar.” John sings tenor. He look*
 ike a sailor in a citizen’s dress. He
 lings the pathetic and thrilling sons.
"The ship on fire,' 1 admirably. It is
 the very best thing tp which 1 have lis
 tened for many a day. It must be
 heard to be appreciated. John is not
 quite so tall as Judson. He has dark
 hair; I think his eyes are blue. He
 wean a goatee, or tuft of dark hair un
 der his chin.
 But I must halt again for they are
 singing now "the Crows in the Corn
 field/’a piece which calls into exercise
 their powers of ventriloquism, and the
 room rings, reels, and reverberates
 with jollity. "I Long to be at Home”
 is a plaintive piece, which moistens
 the eyes of those who, like myself, are
 absent from home. Now we have "Un
 cle Sam’s Farm”—a good song and
 well sung. Asa sings bass, and is not
 surpassed by either of his brothers. He
 has a deep, full voice, that comes not
 only from his chest but from the heart.
 My impression is that he is the eldest of
 the group. Jesse, who is the author
 of several songs which this family
 sing, was not present —at any rate, I
 did not see him. There are some pe
 culiarities which are prominently de
 veloped by this company. One is the
 happy and perfect blending ot their voi
 ces in a confluence of sound like the
 mingling of waters; another is the mor
 al courage they manifest by introduc
 ing songs in praise of the holy but un
 popular reforms of the day.
 The sunshine is the smile, the rain
 bow the autograph, and music the voice
 of Heaven. There is music in the
 woods, where the birds hold concerts
 and the wild-flowers have free tickets;
 where the grasshoppers are worship
 pers, and the whole insect tribe make
 the temple of nature ring with song.
 There is music in the clouds, when
 shivered by the bolt-and shaken by the
 thunder; and music still when the tem
 pest has passed away, and the lark
 sings where the lightning shone. The
 cataract, with a voice of many waters,
 shouts an everlasting anthem of praise
 to Him who smote the rock and unseal
 ed the fountain. The flocks and herds
 sing on the hillside; the feathered min
 strels sing in the forest; the waves, the
 winds, the brooks, belong to the choir
 of nature; but the chief singer, the
 chorister, is man, immortal man, made
 but little lower than the angels. There
 are no notes that can compare favot a
 bly with the human voice. The violin,
 the harp, the piano, the organ,thc flute,
 are tq»a degree sweet instruments, but
 they are hollow and have no hearts.
 The streams, the birds, and the ora
 torios of insects, with their drums, pipes
 and tambourines, make sweet music,
 but there is no soul in their songs.
 We should be grateful to the Author of
 our being whenever we behold a
 pleasant voice, and tnis we do most sat
 isfactorily when in attendance at one of
 the entertainments of the gifted, the
 genial, the good Hutchinson family.
 Crayon.
ARE WE TO HAVE AN EURO
 PEAN WAR
 It seems uot unlikely that the patiem
 and noble people of Hesse otinsel
 instead of being rewarded by the re
 turn of the worthless Elector to wis
 i dona, moderation, and loyalty, by the
 complete restoration of their well-be
 loved Constitution and the peacefu
 enjoyment of their peacefully-assertec
 r Ireedotn, will have the painful honor 01
 furnishing a field for the tirst battle in
 a great European war. The electoi
 will neither yield nor abdicate; he will
 not dismiss his ministers; he will not
 be reconcded with his people; he will
 not observe the law; he will not respect
 the Constitution. He calls upon Aus
 tria, Bavaria, and Wutiemburg to in
 terfere in the name of the old departed
 Confederation, to let loose their troops
 upon his unoffending people, "and re
 store him to the glory and happiness ol
 despotic power. The Governments ap
 plied to are perfectly willing to under
 take the congenial business; they are
 gathering together their forces, and
 marshaling them around the devoted
 Electorate. On the other side, Prussia
 stands, sword in hand, ready. accord
 ing to her own to meet
 force by force, and beat back the in
 vaders who shall first venture to make
 their hostile appearance in Hesse Cas
 sel. Eighty thousand Prussians are
 within a short distance of the disputed
 land, and can be brought together in
 two days should an&gt; hostile demonstra
 tions on the part of the Austrians and
 Bavarians ensue. Already, it is said,
 two Prussian divisions have occupied
 two roads through Hesse, the use of
 which is secured to Prussia by treaty
 It is reported likewise that the Ba
 varians and Austrians have marched
 into the Electorate; if go, it seems al
 most impossible that blood will not be
 shed; and, if one drop be shed, it is
 pretty sure to be the prelude to an
 ocean—one skirmish will be followed
 by many battles. If Austria and Prus
 sia will tight, Russia and France will
 hardly be kept from following so good
 an example; and if Germany insists
 upon tearing herself to pieces, Europe
 will scarcely be prevailed upon to leave
 her alone in her glory.
 Souse reckless prophets gives out that
 1* ranee and Russia have already taken
 their purt, and have resolved to take
 advance of the happy opportunity of
 partitioning Prussia, Russia making a
 meal ol the grand duchy of Posen, and
 France helping herself to the long
 coveted Rhenish provinces We havt
 a pretty ample faith in the mingled
 vileness and recklessness of the present
 French Government; we believe it
 utterly lost to the cause of freedom,
 and unblushingly reckless ot the rights
 of nations. We believe that the spirit
 which dictated the horrible expedition
 to Rome is by no means extinct, and
 are almost inclined to think
 that the French Government would
 have no objection to co-operate with
 Austria and Russia in inflicting upon
 the Prussian monarchy the destruction
 which she assisted Austria to in
 flict upon the Roman Republic. Bat
 while we hold the present rulers of
 France by no means indifferent to the
 pleasure of extending her frontiers to
 the Rhine, and base and reckless
 enough willingly to lend a helping hand
 m destroying a State from which they
 have suffered no wrong, yet we hardly
 deem even these men foolish enough
 hus .kindly to labor for the aggrandise
 ment of Russia, to bring the Cossacks
 uUo the heirt of Europe, to remove
 from before the country the bulwarks
i of a free and independent Germany,
 and to purchase a temporary enlarge
 i ment of territory at the expense of
 t permanent national degradation and
 almost inevitable destruction. For sup
 i posing the monstrous league triumphant,
 the infamous victory won; supposing
 Prussia divided between France Rus
 sia, and. tbe two spoilers become nexl
 door neighbors, they could not con
 tinue happy or harmonious ones; the
 spoilers would soon long to despoil each
 i other; and as a policy of aggression is
 natural and becoming in Russia, while
 i the championship of freedom is the
 1 suitable policy and proper business of
 France, Russia would not merely have
 1 /extended her frontiers by the partition
 of Prussia, but have added to her real
 power, and strengthened her principle
 1 of life and action; while France would
 have diminished her power and im
 paired her principle by the addition of
 territory, '[’he result of such a strug
 gle between the enfeebled and the in
 vigorated spoiler would not be doubtful;
 France would assuredly fall as she
 would most richly deserve to do; and
 Paris would be again occupied by the
 Cossacks, not to be relinquished in a
 .lurry.
 But we do not look for the evil con
 summation we do not expect such fol
 ly, such wickedness, and such woe.
 VVe have a large belief in the short
 sighted ambition and utter want of
 prinriplp of iK® President ana
 his ministers; we have no.very ample
 faith in their profound wisdom; but we
 do not think them prepared for this
 surpassing tolly. VVe do not then ex
 pect this confederacy! of Austria,
 France, and Russia against Prussia;
 i but even were it realized, had the three
 glorious confederates formed their de
 signs and marshaled their forces,
 should France march to ‘the Rhine,
 should Russia fall upon Posen, and
 Austria rush into Silesia, we should
 s not even then, in face of these dread
 ful odds; in face of this formidable con
 i lederacy, we should not give Prussia
 up in despair; we should not consider
 her as lost. For if she went to war
 wisely, she would not go to war alone;
 1 she would have oppressed nations for
 i allies, she would gather iu ber camp
 1 the whole strength of Germany; demo
 cratic Europe would take the field with
 tier. Italy would strike a stronger
 i stroke for independence than she
 struck in 1840; Hungary would once
 more grasp that mighty sword which
 treachery alone could wrest from her.
 i Prussia, with the nations at her back,
 might in the end prove more than a
 match for the three governments and
 I the three armies, and the would-be
 i spoilers might repent the reckless am
 bilion which arrayed them against
 l Prussia, and brought down the nations
 upon them.
 But we have left one nation out of
 the account—we have said nothing of
 one Government—a Government any
 thing but faultless and acceptable in our
 eyes—yet certainly not sold to the
 despots of Europe—not shamefully and
 recklessly indifferent to the freedom of
 the world. What would England say
 io such a league and such an aggres
 sion? How would the English Gov
 eminent take this threatened destruc-
 I tion of the balance of power in
 Europe How would the English peo
 ple t ke this confederacy of the despots
 against the nation? God forbid that
 we should rusn hastily into war on an)
 account, and in anjf case. God forbid
 that our debt should be recklessly in
 creased, and our blood lightly shed.
 But, likewise, Heaven forbid that we
 should stand tamely by and see the
 freedom of the world trodden down—
 that we should suffer a great kingdom
 to be blotted out from the map of Eu
 rope, and the free states of the Conti
 nent parcelled out among audacious
 spoilers. Self-interest, too, would not
 allow us to remain unconcerned. A
 confederacy between France and Rus
 sia cannot but be a peril to England.
 The Continent once crushed, England
 would most certainly be assailed. After
 the confederate hosts had made the
 Continent their own, the confederate
 fleets would pay a visit to "the invio
 late island of the savage and free.”
 Prussia and England are old allies,
 connected by their common Teutonic
 blood, and their common Protestant
 religions, by a fellowship of race, a
 fellowship of truth, and a fellowship of
 glory. They have struggled and tri
 umphed together before now. In the
 Meven Years’ War they stood alone
 against the whole of Europe. The
 most successful war that England ever
 undertook, she waged in company with
 Prussia. The glory of Chatham and
 the glory of Frederick the Great were
 won together. Lord Palmerston to be
 sure rs no Chatham; and the present
 King of Prussia is a
 Frederick the Great. But thepeople
 of Prussia was nothing then, and it
 counts for something now. The peo
 ple of England, too, has more to do
 with its own affairs in this century than
 in the last; and a war which the people
 undertakes, into which the people
 'throws its whole soul, and casts its
 whole might (unless, as in the case or
 Hungary, treachery be udded to tre
 mendous odds,) may begin awkwardly
 and unfortunately, but is almost sure to
 have a glorious and successful end.
 Birmingham Mercury.
Baltimore, Nov. 18th.
 A despatch from Nashville says: Dr.
 Collies of Macon, Ga., owner of Crafts
 and his wife, has received a long letter
 Irom President Fillmore, of the most
 satisfactory character.—He says the
 Fugitive Slave law shall be enforced
 to the very letter, and should any offi
 cer fail to perform bis duty, he shall be
 punished and dismissed; and he pledges
 himself to employ the whole disposable
 force ot the Government for the effi
 cient execution of the law. The letter
 has given unbounded satisfaction to the
 people.
 Jenny Lind Coming to Utica!—
 The Buffalo Courier of Wednesday
 states on the authority of Barnum, that
 Jenny Lind will positively give one,
 and probably two, concerts at Buffalo’
 The Courier man has seen Barnum’s
 list, which puts her down for one Con
 cert in Rochester, one or two at Al
 bany, one in Syracuse, and one in
 Utica. Her 30th concert is to be
 given at Buffalo. The above will be
 given early next Spring..— Herald.
fFroniheChristian Cuius.]
 London, Oct. 1850.
 I am just returned from a lortnight’s
 tour into tbe Weal, and have held large
 meetings ia Bristol, Newport, Ply
 mouth, Davenport, and Modbnry. I
 never found friends more heart/ or en
 thusiastic, or the Leagne cause more
 promising in its aspect. Two or three
 of these iseetings were in aid of the
 Free Labor movement, and I had the
 company Dr. Pennington of N. V.
 A wish some of y ur Fugitive Slave”
 law makers could have been present at
 Bristol, (once the strong-hold of the
 pro-slavery party in England,) and
 could have seen the reception given by
 2000 of its citizens to the fugitive slave,
 the negro P. P. They stood up and
 gave him three tremendous hurrahs;
 and they manifested the deepest sym
 pathy, as he detailed the provisions of
 the last act of American slave legisla
 tion. Surely, this iniquitous law must
 ensure its own overthrow, and must
 husten the final destruction of the
 accursed system altogether. I think
 that if the American people really knew
 what an intense feeling of disgust and
 contempt this measure has created in
 England—what a weapon it has placed
 in the hands of the despots here, who
 taunt the men of progress, and say—
 Look at .your pet Republic; do you
 want to pull down our g.oYious consti
 tution, and give us such liberty .as
 Wb*t can we say? Why. I
 tell our friends manfully to take their
 own share of the odium—to say to
 themselves, "Yes, it was England that
 first introduced slavery in the Ameri
 can colonies; it is English gold that
 now mainly buys American cotton, rice
 and tobacco; but now, in answer to
 the American fugitive Blave hill, let
 England run up the Free Labor flag,
 and starve the system to death.”
 I have been attending a large meeting
 of ladies and gentlemen at the Anti-
 Slavery office this morning, and we
 have formed a* Central Free Labor
 Produce Association. It was resolved
 to open a warehouse in London for the
 wholesale supply ot ail kinds ot free
 labor cotton goods. The demand is
 rapidly springing up, and it will soon
 be found that capital cannot be more
 profitably employed tharv in the cultiva
 tion of free labor cotton. A colored
 gentleman from Jamaica, studying for
 the church in this Country, was present,
 and informed us that much interest is
 beginning to be felt in Jamaica in the
 growth of cotton, and that the planters
 in that island are looking forward to a
 good division of the British market
 with the Southern States. Garnett’s
 lectures in the North have been much
 and thousands are coming
 into the movement.
 1 cannot say what progress is mak
 ing in the mediation between Denmark
 and Holstein; but it seems certain that
 the meddling protocol of England,
 France and Russia, is the great obsta
 cle to the progress of that mediation.
 Denmark is so completely in the hands
 of the great powers, that she cannot
 freely act as she would. Still we hope
 for ultimate success.
 Friends are beginning to look for
 ward to prepare for our next year’s
 Bazaar with great enthusiasm. There
 is no doubt that the attendance will be
 immense. The Bristol friends say they
 will charter a special league train, and
 will bring up probably 500 visitors.—
 Hurrah for the Rail bringing 500 peo
 ple 120 miles merely to visit a Bazaar
 and an Exhibition!
 Edmund Fry.
The Boston Slave Case. —Mr. J.
 Knight of Macon, Ga., publishes in the
 Southern Press a detailed account of
 his experience while in Boston en
 deavoring to nab the slaves William
 and Ellen Craft. The story is amusing
 and well told, and had we room we
 would print the whole of it Here is
 the conclusion to which Mr. Knight ar
 rives;
 From all I saw, and heard, and ex
 perienced while in Boston, lam con
 vinced that public opinion there, in
 regard to the Fugitive Slave Law, is
 underg &gt;ing a change, it is true the
 Abolitionists and Negroes are very
 numerous, and apparently have things
 very much their own way "at present.
 The business men, and men of proper
 ty, with whom I conversed, generally
 took but little interest in the matter;
 but said the law ought to be executed
 —that they wished to get rid of the Ne
 groes, and that if it came to a trial of
 strength the Negroes and Abolitionists
 would be put down —-This, however
 will take time.
 I believe that Mr. Hughes will ulti
 mately succeed in getting the Negroes.
 My only regret is, that my own private
 business compelled me to return home
 before seeing him out. Had I leisure
 and means to spare, I should return
 with pleasure even at the risk of grati
 fying certain gentlemen of Macon by
 rotting in a Boston jail. i
 What a pity that Mr. Knight is de
 prived of the pleasure he desires.
 The gentlemen in Macon to whom
 he alludes, must be possessed of
 most inhuman malignity.
Moore, the Poit.—A Scottish pa
 &gt;er says this fine genius,—and it is a
 iad fact that intemperance is the cause,
 —is but the wreck of the brilliant, ac
 somplished, and witty being he former
 ly was. He wus lately present when a
 gentleman was requested to sing. The
 gentleman sat down at the piano, and
 in token of admiration, sung one of the
 Irish minstrel’s own choicest strains.
 When he had finished, the poet ex
 claimed, “How beautiful! I have sure
 ly heard that before.” There is no one
 but must be deeply affected when they
 thus strikingly find that
 “The burp that ouee through Tara'a halls
 The aoul of music shed.
 Now Irnno a* mute on Tara’a walls
 As if the soul were fled.”
 Fatheu Mathew, the Irish apostle
 of Temperance, arrived in New Or
 leans on the 10th instant from St.
 Louis. He is to remaio there a short
 time, and then goes to Florida where
 he will pagp the winter. His health is
 said to be much improved. While at
 St. Louis,' he administered the pledge
 to upwards of ten thousand persons.
 Fire. —About 20 buildings, mostly
 owned and occupied by meebaoids,
 were destroyed by fire at Medford,
 Mass., Thursday night—loss estimated
 at $50,000 —very little insured. A child
 is reported to have n*riahf»H
'^Uiocrtiscmcnts.
Asylum for the Sick.
 DR. HAMILTON’S Hydropathic and Analytic
 Asylum, No 217 Exrliange Street, opposite the
 tfephan Asylum, Rochester, N.V. This Institution
 now firmly established and in aaeeessful opera*
 tion. The proprietor analyses every diseas r'.hat is
 admitted there, and applies the natural and appro
 priate remedy. Although water is used in my way
 that i« applied in any «ater-ctire establishment la
 ihe Ignited Staten, yet the proprietor wishes it to be
 expressly understood that it is not relied on as them/ 9
 or principal lemedy in the treatment of disease sub
 mil red to his rare. r
 This Establishment is designm for that class of
 invalid* who have failed to obtain their health by all
 other systems of practice, and still unable to
 stalk or stand on their feet, ami nre confined to their
 beds, wearing out a life of misery ami suffering with
 out any hope of ever being any litter.
 Tlie remedies made use of in this Institution not
 only entirely remove disease hut :give increased
 strength and elasticity to the system. Many have
 been brought liere from different parts of the coun
 try, who bad neither walked or liorne tlieir weight
 on tlieir feet from five to fifteen years; and some
 who have been unable to dress or undress, or even
 to feed themselves, and in ll»e eotirse of a few weeks
 would lie walking with the elasticity of yontli and
 the quickness of a pedestrian, astonished at them
 selves, and surprising their friends and all who saw
 them when they first came. The treatment of this
 Institution is iKirtkxilariy calculated to remove the
 diseases peculiar to females, such as
 Ist. The falling of the Womb, in all its stages
 and conditions in patients, from twelve years of age
 up to sixty, and even if they have been confined to
 their lieds from one to twenty, unable to stand, walk,
 dress, or undress themselves, or even too feeble to
 lieay any noise or speak-aloud.
 2d. Weakness and Falling of tile Rowels; I’ain
 in tlie Side, Shouklers, Back and Head* Spinal
 Diseases, Liver Complaints, Sinking Sensation at
 the Stomach, Palpitation ot the Heart, Dyspepsia
 all its forms and stages, l’iles, Costiveness, Di
 arrWwn, Hupprea-dun of the Menses, Excessive
 Menstruation, Whiles, all Nervous Diseases, o«u
 Feet and Hands, St. Anthony’s Dance, Tetters of
 all kinds, Salt Rheum, in«ils worst forms, Neural
 gia, Tic Douloureux, Rheumatism, Consuinptiod in
 its first stages, General Weakness and Debility.
 The proprietor has given his whole attention to
 the aliove diseases for the last ten years, and has
 treated them in an entirely different way from any
 other private practice or public Institution in this
 country; and such has lieen his success, and so cer
 tain an: bis remedies in tlieir effects 011 those dis
 eases, that instead of publishing a long list of cer
 tifier! cures, lie wishes to give that class of invalids
 seeking to obtain tlieir health a sufficient guarantee
 against any false pretensions, exaggeration, impo
 sition or deception, so that no one need lie to any
 expense in this Institution without being banefited
 The proprietor will enter into a special contruc.
 with any one who wishes to do so, that lie will ad
 mit into tlie Institution, to advance the monpy and
 pay all the expenses from any part of tlie United I
 States here and back home again, before be com
 mences tlie treatment, and give a bond to Iward them,
 togethei with his professional services, for nothing,
 if he does not help them according to contract. Any
 one thinking the above proposition not a ‘sufficient
 guarantee against misrepresentations and expense
 wthout receiving equal benefit, can let tfie proorie
 or know what wil. be satisfactory, and it shall be
 duly considered.
 This Institution has grown up from private prac
 tice by tlie inflnence of those who have been helped
 here, as nothing has ever been published before;
 and the proprietor means that it shall sustain itsel.
 by its own merits, or pay the expense of those who;
 choose to make a contract in case of failure. The;
 design of this Circular is not to make known the
 cures that have been made in this institution, because
 they must soon be believed; but to let it be mor
 extensively known to the poor suffering invalids
 that have spent hundreds of dollars in trying all
 other systems ot practice, and without much or any j
 benefit, and still remain confined to their beds froiii
 five to twenty years, that there is an Institution
 whose treat mem is different from any other one tlie
 United States, and is particularly adapted to their
 situation, and cao have it cost them nothing unless
 they are materially lienefited.
 From the nature of treatment in this Institution,
 the nnmber of patients must be limited, therefoi e tlie
 proprietor does not solicit tlie patronage of slight and
 ordinary cases which may lie easily helped by other
 systems of practice; nor does he want any one to
 come, unless they wish to get wed, and are willing
 to lie made well enough to walk from five to twenty
 -miles at a time, and follow it up day after day in
 succession; and also w illing to lie made able to en
 c dure as much labor and fatigue as most of people
 that call themselves well, as he means that every
 one that goes through a thorough course oftreatment
 in the Analytic Institution shall show by tlieir in
 creased strength, elasticity of motion, firmness 01
 texture, capability of endurance, and improved
 health, that tlie treatment in this Institution is found
 ed on the natural bw of organized matter, and
 consequently its superiority over every other dif
 ferent system of practice.
 All communications addressed to Dr. THOMAS j
 HAMILTON, Rochester, post paid, will receive;
 immediate attention. If requested, reference will
 be made to those w ho have lieen helped in this Insti
 j tut ion and also good references as to responsibility
 orthe proprietor to meet the aliove expenses if;
 eqtiired
ATHOL WATER €(JRE.
 THE Subscriber begs leave to call the attention
 of Invalids, especially those suffering from
 chronic disease, to his hydropathic establishment in
 Athol, Mass.
 His house was opened for the reception of patients
 past season, and it is believed offers excellent fariti
 dies for a philosophic and thorough course in hydro
 pathy. The supply of water is abundant, and in
 S' uritv has been pronounced equal to water on a
 listilled.” The location is quite eligible, lieiug but
 a short distance from the V. &amp;M. railroad. The
 vicinity abounds in a variety of scenery, and has
 charming grounds for walks and rambles. So that
 with the water, suitable regimen, mountain air, and
 i exercise, patients can scarcely fail to obtain the
 healthful results for which they labor.
 The following case illustrates this remark. Mrs.
 8., wife of I)ea. 8., of Warwick, Mass., aged
 j about thirty-five years, was brought to me last
 ‘August. Her case presented the following pheno
 mena. If placed in an erect position, mid left un
 supported, she forthwith fell backward to the
 ground. If being well supported, she made au
 effort to walk, either foot, when carried forward,
 despite her efforts to the contrary, would cross the
 other. She had been in this condition nearly a
 year. Her treatment commenced the 16th of Sept.,
 and was continued to the 25th Oct. only, when she
 left, so far recovered as to lie able to walk half a
 mile with ease, idinee her return to her family, shel
 has continued her baths, with corresponding im
 hrovenient to her liealth. She now attends to hsr
 aomestic duties, and with the assistance of a small
 girl, does the work of her family.
 pePatients are desired to bring three comfortables,
 don pair of wooden blankets, one pair of sheets,
 half a dozen towels market], with old linen lor
 bandages.
 Terms, from five to ten dollars per week, accord
 ing to the necessitigs or choice of the patients.
 Those who are less particular in the selection o!
 rooms, or are willing to occupy them in common
 with others, will be charged less.
 Athol, March, 1848. GEORGE HOYT.
Free Labor Goods.
 I TII'ANUI’ACTURED by the American Free Pro
 lvJL dace Association, and for sale at No. 31, North
 Fifth-street, Philadelphia:
 Manchester Ginghams; Checks, Apron and Fur
 niture; Canton Flannel, unbleached; Muslin,
 bleached and unbleached, of various qualities and
 width; thin Muslin for linings, brown and colored;
 Bird Eye Towels; black and while Wadding;
 Cotton Laps; Lamp Wick; Bed Ticking, an ex
 cellent article; Calico, Stockings, Knitting Cotton,
 &amp;c. &amp;c.
 Orders for Goods, or letters desiring information,
 may be addressed to J. Miller McKim, 31, North.
 Fifth-street; Daniel L. Miller, Tenth-street; or to
 James Mott, No. 35, Church Alley.
 A large and handsome assortment of Prints now
 on hand. ini—tl’
Colored Sailors’ Hone, m
 330, Pearl Street, New York.
 FRIENDS the slave, ami strangers on a visit
 to New York, can now be accommodated with
 as good Board,and at as lowa price as in any other
 house in the city. The house is large and con
 venient; will hold comfortably seventy persons.
 Families can have private rooms, and every atten
 tion paid to their comfotl. WM. P. POWELL.
 May 11 ,1849
 Palmer’s Artificial Leg.
 THIS entirely new, beautiful, and eminently i*r
 vicable limb, which has received the highest
 awards and most hearty testimonials of all the
 principal scientific institutions and surgeons of
 hospitals in this country, in addition to those who
 have used the limb, as being in every respect supe
 rior to any limb ever before invented in Europe or
 America, is now manufactured in SpnHffiaU, Matt.,
 by Messrs. Palmer, Currier Jt Hudson.
 They wan an entue tata) action
 Rimmcit.
 Drs. Hamilton and Sprarue, of Buflulo.
 Dr. Gansom, Batavia.
 Dr*. Webster and Moore, Rochester.
 Dr. Potter, Gorham* (who wears one.)
 Dr. Hough. SvraAma A
BalsteJ’s Eclectic Medical lastitatc
 aid Water-Care EstaMishaeat.
 r«LS Institution has been in successful ope ratios
 daring fourteen years, for the rare of all Chronic
 Diseases, and such as cannot be removed by medi
 cine alone.
 MORE THAN THREE THOUSAND Fa
 tients have been restored to health and usefulness
 by the treatment pursued ;rt this Institution, who
 could not find relief bv any other comae of medi
 cine. Hundreds who had been confined to their
 beds for years, and who were almost in drspair,
 have hud renewed hope and courage when they have
 learned that others, laboring under as many discour
 agements as themselves, have been cured by this
 treatment after evervthing else had failed.
 Those who are laboring under 1 ’IIRONIC, NER
 VOUS, or SPINAL difficult fee, CURVATURES,
 kc., which produce symptom* ol almost all other
 diseases, with their accompaniment*—a* DYS
 PEPSIA,RHEUMATISM,NEURALGIA, COS
 TIVENESS*, LOSS OF THE USE OF THE.
 LIMBS, NUMBNESS, LOW SPIRITS, PAR
 TIAL INSANITY, ami a host of other diseases
 arising from the same cause—SPINAL WEAK
 NESS, which they nor their physicians understand,
 and which medicine alone will not cure—to such
 sufferers we would say, we are curing hundreds just
 like you every year. Physicians bring tlieir w ive*
 and children to have them ettred— whv not come
 yourselves, and save life, time aiul money 7
 We are using water in all tlie various ways in
 which it is applied in w-ater-eureestablishments; yet
 we do not rely selely upon it, or upon medicines as
 they are generally understood ami applied; hut a
 COM BIN Vl* TREATMENT WITH EI.KCTRICITT,
 aml a new mode of application which truly is magi
 cal in its efficacy, ami is always sure to cure, in one
 halt the time it takes under any other treatment,
 allowing that treatment to lie successful, which is not
 he case one time in ten.
 Female Diseases.— Prolapsus Uteri (felling
 of the womb,) Leuconrhea, [whites] suppressed ami
 excessive menstruation, the diseases incident to
 that period known as the turn of life’—involuntary
 discharge of .trine ami injuries from Childbearing,
 which are more frequent than Physicians are w illing
 to acknowledge, especially within their own practice.
 Females frequently suffer for years from the diseases
 incident t« &gt;Ol, and linger offl a life of help
 lessness and pain, when a few weeks’ or at most a
 few months’treatmeut, would remove their difficulties
 and restore them to tlieir families, with health to
 labor, to enjoy themselves, and to contribute to UlO
 happiness of others. This has never failed to lie
 accomplished in a single instance in this Institution,
 however weak and helpless the patient may have
 been on entering it. Many have come hundreds of
 miles on lieds, 111 easy chairs, by boat, by carriage
 and railroad, who had not walked for years. These
 ladies have walked miles daily before leaving tlie
 Institution.
 Surh u our knowledge and confidence in this unpar
 alelled treatment for all long Handing or Chrome dir.
 eater, of whatever kind or nature, that we will offer the
 following
 PROPOSITION:
 R will enter into a special written agreement with
 a* dtsire it, who enter the Institution, follow the
 rules and regulations, and go through the system oj
 treatment, to pay their travelling expenses to and from
 the Institution, and board, lodge and nurse them, and
 give them our professional services, free of charge,
 they are not helped according to agreement. This it j 8
 hoped will put a stop to cries of empyricism from
 those interested in keeping patients under their own
 charge, and will be n guarantee to thoee worn out
 by disease, who have spent much of tlieir sulwtance
 in procuring medicine, and seeking relief, without
 finding it; that here they will not spend lueir money
 without benefit,and that no false statements or im
 positions w ill la- practiced upon them.
 The modus operandi of curing Female difficulties is
 a new rtiscoi ery and practised only at this Institution.
 The most helpless and feeble cases, who have been con
 lined for years, are relieved immediately, and if not pre
 vented from walking by OTHER diseases, can go ud
 and down stairsin 4 8 hours after commencing treatment,
 without fear or trouble in regard to their ORIGINAL dif
 ficulty. To produce this almost instantaneous relief,
 the patient is subjected to no pain or inconvenience, amt
 in every instance a speedy cure 1* performed. If any
 one doubts In them sele t the most trying anil diffi
 cult case they can find, and test our veracity and shill.
 Our terms ere easy.
 N. B.—Any one wishing to know more about our
 system of treatment for Lung diseases or any other
 difficulty can address us [post paid] and we will
 send them an account of the Institution—Certificates
 of cure—official report of last year, &amp;c., free 01
 charge —together with the most respectable refer
 ences in the city and country.
 P. S.—Our room is limited, therefore we want
 none to apply that can lie cured at home. We pride
 j ourselves in curing what others are not fortunate
 j enough to do.
 Communications should lie addressed to II alstep
 j Hall, Medical Institute, Rochester, N. Y., post
 paid.
 References.— Joseph Field Ex-Mayor, and
 Rev. G. \V. Montgomery, Rochester, N. Y.
 JOHN D. REYALEON, llair Cutting Saloon
 ami Perfumery Enqiorium, 114, Blacks tone-s
FREE PRODUCE STORE.
 NEY\ t GOODS just reeived. General reduction
 in prices.
 Fine 4-4 Prints various styles.
 New styles of Prints of medium qualiLy, usual width.
 Fire and wide Paper Muslins. Also Cokreri
 Cambrics.
 Curtain Calico. Siqierior fine Chintz Umbrellas
 Oil Cloths.
 Satinets, good and cheap. Also on hand, mostly ill
 reduced prices Ginghams various qualities and
 styles.
 Fine and heavy Shirting, Sheetings, and Pillow
 Muslins.
 Striped Cambrics. Fine 6-4 Plaid Mas in.Cf
 Muslin de Laine, plain and neatly figured, all wool.
 Linens, warranted free from cotton.
 Flannels 4-4 good and price low. Canton Hairnets
 white and colored.
 Table Diajier and Clotlis, of different styles.
 Apron ami F'liriiiture Check. Cotton Handkerchiefs.
 Cotton Twilled Pantaloon Stuffs. Also Linen
 Drilling &amp;c.
 Long and hull Hose, fine and heavy.
 Knitting Cotton, various Nos., bleached, broWfi,and
 colored.
 VV milling white and colored Cotton Lap*. Also,
 Refined Loaf Crushed and Pulverized Sugar.
 Brown Sugar good quality, of various grades.
 The whole stock exclusively Free Labor Goods,
 to which the Subscriber would invite the attention
 of country merchants as well as his friends and the
 public generally.
 Much pains is taken by tlie Managers of tlie Free
 Produce Association, to assist the Subscriber to en
 large the assortment from time to time.
 GEORGE W. TAYLOR,
 Northwest corner Fifth and Cherry-sts
 Philadelphia 2d mo. Ist, 1848. tf
JUST PUBLISHED and for sale at the office o
 of the Anti Slavery Standard—
 The Legion of Liberty and Force of Truth It h
 edition.
 This work contains about 230 pages of close
 reading; 300 eminent authorities, and about sixty
 illustrative engravings. Price 37$ cts. in muslin,
 and 25 cents in paper covers. A very liberal dis
 count to those who purchase a number of copies.
 The Condition, Influence Rights and Appeal ot
 Women from various authors, 12$ cents.
 Letter to the People of the United States touching
 the Matter of Slavery. By Theodore Parker.—
 pp. 120. Price 18| cents.
 Wni. W. Brown’s Lecture before the Female A S.
 Society of Salem Mass. Reported by H. M.
 Parkhurst, Boston.—pp. 22. Price 5 cents.
Anti-Slavery Office,
 No. 31, North Fifth Street Philadelphia.
 A FULL, assortment of anti-slavery publication
 is kept constantly on hand. Also a handsom
 variety of miscellaneous publications, and usetu
 and Fancy Stationery.
 All letters relating to the business of the office
 to be directed to J. Miller McKim, 31, North
 Fifth-street, Philadelphia. jul—tf
 “Every Man his own Physician.’'
 THE HOME DOCTOR.
 JUST PUBLISHED, a new and valuable book
 for every family in the country, and one that may
 be consulted with [terfect safety. A* its title page
 indicate?, it is “THE HOME DOCTOR, or Family
 Manual, giving the causes, symptoms and treatment
 of Disea*e»; vuUi an account of the system while in
 and rules for preserving that state. Appen
 ded to which are recipes for making various modi,
 cines and articles for diet for the sick room. 1U
 whole written for general use and dajly|practice, hy
 John B- Newman, M. D.”
 Also, accompanying this Imok, or separate, i?
 “THE HERB BOOK, a hook devoted exclusively
 to Herbs, giving their names, varieties,description
 medical properties and doses, use, time of gathering
 and many otiier directions very useful for every fain
 ily to know, and written expressly for family use.”
 'The Herb Book is devoted solely to Popular Mtd
 cal Botin y, and will furnish on that point nil Um
 nesired information wanted for general use.”
 The two books are put up and.bound together nnc
 contain 200 pages, price 25 cents, or sold sepnrau
 at 12| cents.
 Tlie symptoms of each disease are earelully givet
 so that one may be recognised front another, to prt
 veut practising in the dark; also the treatment, I
 sketch of general physiology, and rules lor keeping
 in health, together with observations on tbetr causes
 means of avoiding deleterious influences, and sucl
 other remarks as sra Jeemed appropriate, for Ikhl
 mai* anJ f*m*k
all?* been written with great rare, w
 scrip style easily to be at
 sssßeSv&amp;sa*

 Kv.
 mg m mw count) ie* ana unhealthy eluaatts, should
 not foil to procure a copy and have it at all bates at
 head, iu rare of sickness as they might thereby by
 auree simple remedy save aa expensi re and protra?.
 ted doctors bill. Whether well or sick such* hook
 should he ia every house as a safe aad sura advisee
 m time of need, the direct km given for person* hi
 health cannot be too strictly ntteded to by aIL
 Tlw price a t which the hook is sold is so low that
 w,!fojT ly h T a »«d »ono should bo
 p** in Pnper binding, and con
 v.t Tr T* 1 Postage only «J rents to a m
 aart of the United States.
 09* Any person sending us one dollar by mai ana
 pre-paying postage on the le„e r shall have fcT
 copies sent him free of postage. e
 Semi in yoor onferas, there i* so risk in sendhre
 money by mail, it comes to us daily,
 always reach UPir destination. h
 Four families can dull together an.l a
 *r*
 WAN! KD—Agent* in most of the State* to sal
 this work, alum*! every family will purchase in
 mMSP ,l r ir &lt;!oom A suiall capital of from S2U
 iLfwJ' t c,s ,ar y*&gt; r ,«&gt;wh agent. Addfera
 io. a OEO w fistier.
 April 1,1849. 6Exchange-st, Rochester. N. Y
G
 W
 merc han
 U
 IN(

 oil
 I Hi
 H*)l
 Ml
 &gt;1 IN
UNPARALLED IN THE HISTORY OP
 MEDICINE
 A» THE MOST
 Remarkable External Application
 Ever Discovered!
 TIME ami experience have fully proved that it.;.
 UNIVERSAL REMEDY* C not iu LSS
 011 Urn list of popular medicines, haring been before
 the public for more than fourteen years. Testimo
 ny of character of its won
 derail effects on theanimnl economy is almost daily
 presented to the proprietor. 11 is worthy of die
 cm! remark, that beside the great and extraordinary
 powers in the cure of 3
 DISEASES OF THE HORSE,
 in which its virtue* first attracted the attention ot
 tlie barrier and farmer, and the wonder of the
 public generally, it has been successfully employed
 in a great variety of the maladies which
 AFFLICT THE HUMAN RACE.
 Ignorance of facte and philosophy, start at the
 assertion that any one remedy can possess within
 itself tlie virtue of curing many diseases. Experi
 ence of more than fourteen years has nevertheless
 established the fact, that Merchant’s Celebrated
 Gargling Oil, or Universal Family Fmlirocatkni,
 will cure most cases and relieve such as the follow
 mg among many others in the cure of which this
 0.1 has been completely successful and in which oth
 er pretended remedies liave completely failed-
 RHEUMATISM, PAINFUL NER YOUS Af
 fections, Bites of Animals, Frost Bites, Coras
 Boils, YV hitlows, Asthma, Bruises, Burns,
 and Scalds, Cramps, Strains, Sprains,
 Ulcers from local causes, Caked
 Breasts, Contractions of the mus
 cles,Wounds, Swellings, Itc.
 Also it host of diseases
 iu Horses and other
 animals,such as
 SPA VINS,
 Sweeney,
 RINGBONE,
 Windgall, Poll Evil,
 Callous, Cracked Heels.
 flails of all kinde,
 Fresh Wounds, Bruises,
 Fistula,Sitlast, Strains,ljtmeness,
 Sand Cracks, Foundered Feet, Scratches
 OR GREASE, MANGE, FARCY!%,’
 Numerous are tlie unsolicited statements of pa
 Bents themselves,and others who have used the OR,
 of cures which in themselves appear so remarkable
 that were they at all interested in a pecuniary point,
 they could hardly have lieen credited.
 Tlie cebf.rated Dr. Parker also writes as follows:
 Dear Sir: Iliave prescribed your Gorging Oil iu
 various cases of
 PRACTICAL SURGERY,
 as a liniment, with marked success,and would com
 menu it to physicians generally for external use iu
 all contusions, tumors, sprains, white swf-llingik
 and in all rheumatic affections, where external
 means are necessary. As a discutiem, it is liarm
 le** where the febrile symptoms have been reduced
 by general treatment. In such cases, it is tlie most
 efficient remedy within the circle ol means uow in
 use.
 1 would also recommend it to community at large
 as a safe and powerful remedy where there is n
 general fever iu all the aliove diseases, to tired
 freely, and to counteract inflammation in u remark
 able manner. 111 bruised wounds it prevents swall
 ag, and consequent soreness in hot weather.
 From the peculiar nature of this Oil, and the
 uiqiaralleled success it has met with ia the hands of
 the FARRIER, FARMER and STAGE PRO.
 PRIETUR, it is but justice to say, that of the
 great numlier of medicines which have been offered,
 none have been so well adapted to the prompt cure
 of Diseases to which Horses are liable; it lias beau
 very justly called a Complete Panacea for the Horse
 For instance, read tlie billowing:
 TO OWNERS OF HORSES.
 ring is to certify that I have had for many years the
 care of from one hundred to two hundred Iwrses
 ami liave made use of Merchant’s Gargling Oil for
 two years past, and safely say. that for all the
 diseases that horses are liable to, I never saw its
 equal. I use aliout one bottle per month, and re
 commend it to the public as the best medicine for
 hoi ses now in use. F. D MINOR.
 All orders addressed to tlie proprietor will b*
 promptly responded to.
 Get a pamphlet of the Agent, ami see what won
 ders are accomplished by the use of this medicine.
 Sold by respectable dealers generally in the Uni
 ted States and Canada.
 Also by Post YV illis, YVm. Pitkin, L. B.
 Swan, Winslow Young, 11. D. Wad*
 Rochester.
 H E Gaylord, Henderson Panderson, Clere' 1
 land, O. G Ding Son, Columbus, O.; Gordon
 Israel, Cincinnati, O.; McClure Co, Albany-
 Hollister Co, Buffalo; Greennian Smith, Util
 ca; P D Orris Co,Troy, NY. July 13 6m’
British Periodical Literature.
 The London Quarterly Review, the Edinburgh Rerim
 The North British Renew, the Westminster Renew,
 and Blackwood Edinburgh Mu&amp;xxine.
 THE widespread fame ol these splendid period*
 cals renders it needless to say uiurli in their praise
 As literary organs, they stand far iu advance o
 anything ol the sort now published, while the poiit
 ical complexion of each is marked by a dignity
 candor, and forbearance, not often found in works
 of a party character.
 Tliey embrace the views of the three great parties
 in England Tory, Whig, and Radical. Black
 wood and the London Quarterly are Tory; the
 Edinburgh Review Whig; and the Westmin
 ster Review Radical. The North British Re
 view is more of a religious character, having been
 originally edited by Dr. Chalmers*, ami now f sinct
 his death, lieing conducted by bin son-in-laiy, Dr
 Hanna, associated with Sir David Brewster. Its
 literary character is of life very highest order. The
 Westminster, though reprinted under that title only,
 is publigeed in England uuder the title of The For
 eign Quarterly and Westminster—it being in fact a
 union of the two Reviews formerly republished and
 reprinted under ee|&gt;arate titles. It has, therefore
 the advantage by this combination of uniting in one
 work the best features of both as heretofore issued.
 The above Periodicals are reprinted in New York'
 immediately on their arrival by the British steamers!
 in a beautilul clear type, on fine whire paper, ami
 are faithful copies of the originals, Blackwood’s
 Magazine, being an exact/ae-snarfe of the Edinburgh
 edition.
 prices roR 1849, (tr si' ascribed for early.
 For any one of the four Reviews, $3 00 per annum
 For any tw o do 5 00
 For any three do 700
 For all four of the Review s, 800
 For Blackwood’s Magazine, 300
 For Blackwood and the S Reviews, 9 00
 For Blackwood the 4 Reviews, 10 00
 Payments to he made in all cam in advante
 CLUBBINO.
 Four copies of any or all tine above w orks will
 sent to one address oa payment of the regular ran
 scription for three—the lon rip copy being gratis,
 EARLY COPIES.
 A late arrangement with tue British publishers o
 Blackwood’s Magazine securift to us early sheets of
 that w&gt;r'k by which we shall be Ode to place the
 entire number in the hands of subscriber* before ant
 portion of it ran be reprinted in any of the Amerioah
 Journals. For this and other advantages seemed to
 our subscriber* we pay so large t*m£fcmion,U*t
 we maybe compelled to raise the price of the Mara.
 tiTpri^w? we Wribe
 R*mi«ancra and oonronmications shduld a wav e
 70 _ Fulton Stmt, Naw Yoak. 1
"
