"The NORTH STAR m published every
 Thursday* ut No. 35. Buffalo Street*
 (Oppositetht Arcade.)
TERMS.
 Two dollar* per annum, alwayi in advance. No
 üb*cription will be received for a le** term than
 •is month*.
 Advertisements not exceeding tan line* msertea
 three time* far one dollar; every subsequent w*er
 tioa, twenty-five cent*.
Th« ooject of the North Star will beto *boli*
 SLAVERY in all it* form* sod a*pect»;
 Universal Emancipation; gaaltthe*taadarU
 of public morality, promote the mor*** _
 ual improvement ol .he Colored People; and
 hoiten the day of FREEDOM to the Threb
 Millions of our en.Uvedfello* countrymen.
PUBLISHERS NOTICES.
 03- All communication* relating to the fcwmm.
 mZtrr, of the paper, name, of subscriber*, ream
 tance*,fcc., should be addre.sed to I redekick
 Douolass, Editor, Rochester, N.
 03* Agent*, and all others sending name*, are
 requested to be accuratl, and to give the Poat office,
 the County, and the State. Each Subscriber i* im
 mediately credited for money received.
 Any person sending in payment for four sub
 scribers, to be forwarded to one address, may
 have a fifth copy for one year.
 At! letters and communicatioas must be post paid
LIST OF AGENTS.
 Massachusetts. —R.h Wsilent, 21, Corbill,
 Boston; Nathan Johnson, New Bedford; Horatio
 W. Foster Lowell; James N. Bufifum, Lynn;
 Bourne Spooner, Plymouth.
 Connecticut. —Jabez Cogswell, Brookfield.
 New York. —Sydney H. Gay, 142, Nassau
 Street; William Hamed, Anti-Slavery Office, 61,
 John Street; John J. Zuille, 48, Watts S/reet;
 Joseph Post, Weatbury, Queen County; .Mart
 Harper, Albany, Elias Doty, Macedon; Wif
 ett* Keese, Pcni, Clinton County; J. F. Platt,
 Penn Yen; J. Jdfrey, Geneva; F.. L. Platt, Bath;
 Willis Stark, Medina, Orleans Co.; William Brom
 ley, Lockport.
 Rhode Island. —Amarancy Paine,Providruce.
 Pennsylvania. J. M. M’Kim, 81, North
 Fifth Street, Philada; Wm. Whipper, Columhia;
 Milo A. Townsend, New Brighton; B. E. Bown,
 Salem-
 Ohio. —J. J. Gaines, Cincinnati (mgrles
 Hand, Harveysburgh,Clinton Co; Samuel Brooke,
 Salem D. Huntingdon, Chardon, Geauga Co.;
 Hugh Hamilton. Lowellville, Mahoning County; J.
 D. Patter-on, Olierlin; S. D. Jenkins, Columbbus.
 Michigan.— Robert Banks, Detroit: Dr. J.
 B. Barnes, Owasso, Shiawasse Co.
 Indiana.— Willis Fowles, New Albany.
 Illinois. Hentv O. Wagoner, Chicago;
 Marshall Havward, Richmond, M’Henry Co.
 lowa.— Alexander Clark, Muscatine.
 Canada.— John Jsmes Carey, Toronto.
 WILLIAM B. CLOUGH. PRINTER.
Communications.
England, 12th Mo. 1850.
 To my colored brothers and sisters in the
 Free (so called) and Slave States of
 America:
 It has been a long time impressed upon
 my mind to send you a few lines to the
 North Star, expressive of my deep
 sympathy for you, my dear friends, in
 your mock Republic.
 From a child, my mind has felt your
 persecutions and bonds, as being bound
 with you, and every day my humble
 breathings are towards you, and longs
 for your deliverance; and I hope the
 time is not far distant when the rightful
 Ruler of the universe will stay the
 hands of the proud oppressor, although
 every way at present appears closed
 up. When I first read of the Ameri
 can Congress passing the fugitive slave
 law, I cannot express to you the burn
 ing indignation which filled my bosom,
 as I perused the statement in “Lloyd's
 Gazette.” Oh the heartless wretches
 who could frame and support such a
 fiendish production! I pity them from
 the bottom of my soul, and would a
 thousand times sooner be a flying fugi
 tive than the wretch who could sign j
 or put in force such a satanic law.—
 Surely there never was a conclave in
 the darkest ages of the inquisition, but
 would have shrunk from such an inven
 tion of cruelty. Your oppressors may
 have white faces, but their hearts are J
 as black as the botloiuiets pit. I’hey
 are graves and sepulchres which are
 full of all uncleanness and iniquity;
 and how is it possible that men commit
 ting such deeds can expect to escape
 the damnation of hell, which sentence
 I am sure was soanded in the ears of
 much less guilty hypocrites of old.
 After reading the passing of that in
 famous hill, 1 settled down a little,
 hoping the freemen in the North would
 never prove 6uch traitors to humanity
 aa to deliver up the noble fugitive; hut
 when I heard of our friend Hamlet
 being seized by Northern men in New
 York, and sent back into slavery, I
 was surprised. Oh. the condign dis
 grace that ages will heap upon such
 traitor’s names. I loathe them and
 their acts with perfect j; ”.gust, and so
 does every friend of humanity on this
 aide of the water. Indeed, but little
 else is talked of here but the atrocities
 in your mock model republic and boast
 ed land of freedom. The names of
 your Congressmen who framed and
 aided the passing of that infernal bill,
 will be handed down to posterity as the
 vilest of mankind. They may think
 that they are the great ones of the
 earth, but they may rest assured that
 their names stink in the nostrils of ev
 ery honest-minded man; and as sure 1
 as day succeedeth night, they will re
 ceive the reward of iheir doings. If
 you, my dear friends, act up to the
 light which a Divine band has stamped
 upon your hearts, you will make a much
 more peacelul end than your oppress
 ors, and your names will be held in
 everlasting remembrance. Therefore,
 envy not the oppressor, and choose
 none of his ways, for when the wicked
 grow up as the grass, aud when all the
 workers of iniquity do flourish, it is
 that they shall’ be destroyed forever.
 What honest-minded man could envy
 the life and character of a Zachary
 Taylor, or a Calhoun, with their cruel
 deeds and rocky hearts—yes, hearts as
 hard as a millstone, which could not
 be penetrated with the cries of our
 common humanity. And what can 1
 say of the recreant lick-spittle, Daniel
 Webster, or the fawning, spaniel
 minded Millard Fillmore, the servile
 cruucher to Southern lords and human
 flesh-mongers, and the head of a Con
 gress of vipers, who appear to be rap
 idly filling up the measure of their ini
 quities, for their acts are an outrage
 against every child of man.
 You, my dear colored friends, are
 infinitely better (although many of you
 are in cotton-fields) than those vile
 men who are the slaves of avarice,
 the covetous whom the Lord abbor
 etb,” and robbers of the fatherless and
 widow, the oppressors of the poor, the
 offenders of the little ones of Christ’s
 flock, the enslavers of the bodies and
 •ouls of downtrodden humanity, and
 all for Achan’s portion.
 Thou cursed lust of gold, what myr
 iads have sacrified their all for thee!—
 Take courage, my dear friends! your
 deliverance draweth nigh, for the Lord
 shall fight for you; only be followers of
 truth and righteousness, and you shall
 »ee the salvation of our Lord. Don’t
THE NORTH STAR.
FREDERICK DOUGLASS, E*it.r ill Preprlf lor.
VOL. IV. NO. 4.
join in the wicked and vain customs
 which may tempt you on every side,
 and particularly the drinking customs.
 If you are desirous that generations
 yet unborn should be happy, then cast
 the drinking customs from you, both in
 root and branch; and next to them,
 cast overboard that dirty, filthy and
 disagreeable practice of using tobacco,
 with every other useless and vain ap
 pendage; for what is so beautiful in
 creation as a matt or woman with a
 virtuous mind, and untrammeled with
 artificial wants. Real worth and virtue
 want no outward trappings to recom
 mend themselves; their own merits
 commend them both in the sight of our
 Heavenly Father and the truly good
 among mankind. You whom a kind
 Providence has blessed with abundance
 of this world’s goods, always esteem it
 a favor to assist your less favored
 brethren, and labor for their best wel
 fare. The liberal soul shall be made
 fat, and he that vvatcreth shall be wa
 tered also himself.” “There is that
 which scattereth and yet increaseth;
 and there is that withholdeth more than
 is meet, but it sendeth to poverty.” Is
 it not a great pity that there should be
 so many narrow-minded souls in exist
 ence, insatiately grasping at that which
 never gave, nor never will give, true
 happiness
 Be true and kind to each other, for
 you shall certainly be delivered by a
 high hand and an outstretched arm, for
 hear you not already the sound of the
 chariot of freedom. Its sound is in
 every breeze, and rustles amongst the
 leaves of every tree; it murmurs in
 every running stream, and roars in
 every ocean’s surge; the echo is re
 peated with every new fugitive, and it
 throbs in the pulses of every living
 thing, and it shall come upon your op
 pressors like a thunder-storm, and their
 reign of cruelty and blood shall cease
 forever.
 From your affectionate brother,
 A British laborer for
 Equal Rights.
Lockport, 12th mo. 2d.
 Frederick Douglass: —l enclose
 $2 to pay my subscription to the North
 Star the current year. May its course
 be onward until it shall have witnessed
 the entire emancipation of man from
 slavery. The infamy of the fugitive
 slave bill is showing itself in its nat
 ural deformity, and the poor white
 slaves of perjured kidnappers at the
 North stand up in all their beauty.— j
 Mr. U. S. Commissioner Ingraham, ofj
 Philadelphia, a man of eminent legaL
 attainments, but totally .lost to every
 sense of humanity and justice, is a fair
 specimen of the wretches that infamous!
 law clothes with authority to sit in
 judgment on 'he liberty of freemen.— i
 The idea that even a jury of twelve
 impartial men may even be clothed j
 with power to decide whether I shall be
 sent a slave for life to a southern cotton
 field is terrible! but when such men as
 Ingraham, with an offer of a bribe, are
 to have the sole power of deciding
 whether I shall be a slave for life to
 someSonthern man-stealerev, ery feel
 ing is aroused, and one involuntarily
 exclaims, Give me liberty or give me
 death.” Is this in accordance with
 American freedom —to make laws
 clothing bribed wretches with power to
 send freemen into slavery Hold up
 to the gaze of the world the represent
 atives who dared sanction, directly or
 indirectly, such a law, the President
 who approved it, and the slaves who
 dare execute it! There is infamy
 enough for the whole tribe to cover
 them so deep in disgrace that the
 sound of the arch-angel’s trump will
 never reach them.” Surely, such men
 —no, wretches—can never be “count
 ed worthy to attain” any resurrection
 hut that of deep, lasting and damning
 disgrace.
 It has been suggested by a silver
 grey” and Huiflter,” that Ingraham
 should be removed from office. I think
 however he should keep his place.—
 He is the right man to hold office lin-;
 der the fugitive slave law. No man
 having a soul or conscience would for a
 moment think of taking office under it. j
 The law is approved by the Northern*
 dough-faces, and ought to toe adminis
 tered by Ingraham to show fortS its
 beauties. 1 hope the removal ot In
 graham will not be urged. Indeed, I
 regret having signed a petition to repeal
 the law. Its working will do more to
 open the eyes of the people than two
 thousand anti-slavery lecturers. So
 please say nothing about repealing this
 law, this bantling of Northern dough
 faces, and under the special protection
 of silver greys and hunkers.
 Very respectfully,
 L. A. Spalding.
S e U t lions.
AMERICAN SLAVE EMANCIPA
 TION AND BRITISH POLITICAL
 REFORM.
 On Tuesday evening a public meet
 ing of the working classes and others
 in this cit/ friendly to the emancipation
 of American slaves, and a just measure
 of political reform in the British House
 of commons, was held in the City Hall,
 Candleriggs Street, to adopt resolutions
 against the infamous Fugitive Slave
 Bill recently enacted in America; and
 in favor of political reform in this coun
 try. The following gentlemen occu
 pied the platform;—James Turner,
 Esq. ofThrushgrove, Robert Simpson,
 Esq., Wm. Smeal, Esq Andw. Paton,
 Esq., Andw. Inglis, hat manufacturer;
 Messrs. Malcolm Macfarlane, Thomas
 Brown, James Rattray, Matthew Cul
 len, James Hoey, James Wilkinson,
RIGHT IS OF NO SEX; TRUTH IS OF NO COLOR; GOD IS THE FATHER OF US ALL; AND ALL MEN ARE BRETHREN.
John Stephenson, Cooper, Alex
 Simpson, Andrew Cortoy, a person of
 color, &amp;c. &amp;c.
 On the motion of Mr. A. Simpson,
 Mr. Matthew Cullen was called to the
 chair by acclamation.
 The Chairman, in a clear and effect
 ive speech, stated the objects for
 which the meeting had been convened,
 and which, he said, had been wholly
 got up by working men, to affoid their
 fellow workmen of this city an opportu
 nity of expressing their sympathy with
 the oppressed, wherever they were;
 and he was happy to see, from the nu
 merous attendance before him, that
 their efforts were appreciated, and that
 oppression or the oppressor found no
 sympathy in their bosoms.
 Mr. Malcolm MacFarlane then came
 forward amid loud cheering and pro
 posed the first resolution, which de
 nounced slavery as subversive of the
 most obvious principles of reason, jus
 tice, and religion, and calling upon
 America to grant immediate emancipa
 tion to the three million slaves she
 holds in cruel bondage. He enforced
 the sentiments of the resolution in a for
 cible and argumentative and feeling ad
 dress, which was listened to with mark
 ed attention, and elicited frequent and
 prolonged applause.
 Mr. Wilson seconded the motion,
 which was carried by a unanimous
 show of hands.
 Mr. Thomas Brown proposed the
 secqpd resolution, which repudiated
 the unchristian and degrading doctrine
 should hold properly in man,
 and denounced the Fugitive Slave Bill
 as a flagrant insult on humanity, and
 not binding on the conscience of any
 good citizen. He enforced his motion
 in a most eloquent and thrilling speech,
 which made a deep impression on the
 audience, and met with frequent mani
 festations of approbation. He then
 made a few remarks as to the nature
 and effects of slavery, ard proceeded
 as follows:—I shall, sir, with your per
 mission, read a few of the more atro
 cious clauses ofthis Fugitive Slave Bill,
 so that you may judge for yourselves
 whether the men who framed it, or the
 men who sanctioned it, had any desire
 to let the oppressed go free. And will
 it be believed Uiat the defenders of
 such a bill, the supporters of a system
 which consigns to a felon’s doom the
 man who is humane enough tosuccor
 the flying fugitive—will it, we say, be
 believed that the defenders of that bill
 have publicly secured the sanction of
 some of the most eminent theologians
 of America/ Leonard Woods f and
 Thomas Stuart, men of Europeanf ce
 lebrity in theological literature? Both
 of them approved of the information to
 the course pursued by that arch-apos
 tate, D. Webster, for his treachery to
 the cause of liberty, by adhibiting their
 names to a congratulatory address,
 thanking this endorsing his declaration,
 that the north was under a moral obli
 gation to the south to send back the
 caped of the oppressed, as if, forsooth,
 there could in any circumstance t&gt;e a
 moral obligation for an immoral act.
 Yet these are the men who talk of the
 fanaticisms of the abolitionists, the ex
 travagance of their language, and the
 heterodoxy of their sentiments, as if,
 forsooth, men who had made a cove
 nant with death and an agreement with
 hell were fitted to occupy the posts of
 senators. We are not here to defend
 the abolitionists—we are not here to
 say amen to the sayings and doings of
 anybody, but this we will say—that for
 the errors of the abolitionists, where
 they have erred, we have to thank the
 apathy, the lukewarmness, the stolid
 indifference, and the determined oppo
 sition of the churches of America.
 Such language may seem strong, but it
 is not stronger than the crisis requires.
 It may be objected to as personal by
 those who have a morbid dread of per
 sonality. There is a class pretty nu
 merous in our times, with whom your
 words are all very well ao long as you
 deal in sage generality, so long as you
 shoot your arrows in the air, they ad
 mire the archery and applaud the
 archer; but the moment you begin to
 take up arms they have done with you;
 j the moment you begin to specify, you
 are deemed horribly personal. Those
 men forget that a duty is not created by
 smiles, so neither is it annihilated by
 frowns. We are not then to be deterr
 ed by any posthumous fear of offence
 from the utterance of our honest indig
 nation against a system of iniquity,
 which is the aim ofvillany. The course
 of America in the matter of slavery is a
 downward course, its steps take hold of
 i hell, going down to the chambers of
 death, unroused by the fat* of the great
 republic of antiquity. This greatest of
 modern republics is standing fast upon
 the rock, on which they split. She is
 rousing the vulture (hat is yet to prey
 upon her vitals. She is now sowing
 broadly throughout her ample territory
 the dragon’s teeth, which shall ere long
 spring up armed men. And yet she
 hears not the steps of doom along her
 future windings. While the nations of
 Europe are shaking from their fetters—
 while the spirit of freedom is summon
 ing the nations from their slumbers,
 and they are shaking from them the
 dust which has for ages clung around
 them, re-appearing in renovated glory,
 America seems ready to wrap around
 her the night clothes of old Europe,
 and has cast aside the thing more close
 ly to her—chartered freedom. It is
 deeply to be regretted the compromise
 into which the men who achieved her
 independence entered with the slave
 power. It has worked as all compro
 mises ever work, in vitiating the good
 worker*, without in the least reforming
 the bid. During the ware of the Rev-
ROCHESTER, N. Y., THURSDAY, JANUARY 16, 1851.
olution the prejudice against color had
 little or no existence. The negro
 messed at the same table with bis com
 panions in arms, and mingled with them
 on a footing of at least equality. Frank
 lin was the President of an Anti-Sla
 very Society, and Washington eould
 write letters to a colored woman. But
 prejudice has grown apace, it has sto
 len along with woollen feet, and has
 struck at last with iron hands. For
 merly slavery waabarely tolerated, now
 it is a venerated thing, a pattern insti
 tution; andtfcv slaveholder over-work
 ing the man, it is now their delight to
 honor and execute his behest. The
 American people have prostrated the
 manhood of their nation, by constituting
 themselves the watch-dogs of the plant
 er. It is vain for political tricksters to
 shut from the eyes of the woild the in
 famy and odiousness of the position of
 Mr. Webster. Talk not to us of law
 demanding the degradation. There is
 a law nobler and fairer than any parch
 ment enactment, which spurns it—that
 law written by the finger of the Creator
 in the human soul. Respect for the
 laws of earthly authority is good; but
 when human laws are in opposition to
 the divine, th»en the path of duty is plain.
 Let us then endeavor io sustain this sen
 timent in opposition to the obsequious
 hindrances to mere authority, without
 reference to the fact of whether that au
 thority is legitimate; and let us remem
 ber that as all power is of God, so
 whatever power is not a copy of the di
 vine will is a power unworthy of being
 obeyed, and holding such principles, let
 it be known that such are our princi
 ples. Let us hold them in the face of
 tyrant magistrates wherever we meet
 them. Let our master know he may
 break, but they will not bend us; so
 shall we, by our unswerving attach
 ment to our principles, cheer on and
 sustain our transatlantic friends, who
 are at this time bearding one of the
 fiercest and most despotic tyrants that
 the strife of party or the war of princi
 ples ever ushered into existence. Up
 then, we say to our brethren—up in
 freedom’s manly part, from greybeard
 old to fiery youth, and on the nation’s
 naked heart scatter the burning words
 oftruth. These are stirring times that
 are parsing over us—times fitted to test
 our faith. The truth-throes of a new
 epoch are upon us. Society, enfeebled
 and decayed, seems like some weath
 er-worn edifice, on which the storms of
 time have done their work, and over
 whose ruins these storms are ready to
 sing the death Nevertheless,
 amid the 'clouds and darkness which
 now eurrfflPßTTia, as glorious a dawn
 of truth may arise as ever the sun in
 her zenith shone upon. Mr. Brown
 concluded amidst loud and continued
 cheering.
 Mr. John Stephenson having second
 ed the motion, it was unanimously car
 ried.
 Mr. James Rattray (hen moved the
 third resolution, protesting aaginst the
 policy which deprived so large a por
 tion of the people in this country of the
 elective franchise, which being sec
 onded by Mr Andrew Paton, was also
 carried.
 Mr. James Hoey after a few perti
 nent observations, read the following.
 APPEAL AND REMONSTRANCE.
 To the working men of the United
 States of America, who are invested
 with the elective franchise.
 Fellow-Workmen. We, the
 working and unenfranchised classes of
 the City of Glasgow, in North Britain,
 have resolved at a public meeting held
 on the 26tb Nov., 1850, to address you,
 our brethren in the United States, rel
 ative to your connection with the insti
 tution of slavery in your country, and
 more especially in reference to the re
 cent passing of the Fugitive Slave Bill
 by the Legislative Houses of Assembly
 and Congress respectively. As re
 gards the propriety of the course we
 thus adopt, let us state in substance
 that our claims upon the industrious
 portion of Western Republic, are
 such as enable us to throw aside all re
 serve in giving a full and open expres
 sion of our thoughts and feelings, and
 we feel ourselves perfectly free,in using
 the language of expostulation, remon
 strance, and likewise reproof. The
 circumstances in which we are rela
 tively placed admit of candor as well as
 plainness of speech. Having a com
 mon origin, a common language, and
 a common ancestry, we feel in some
 measure bound to you as brethren of
 one family, although the restless waves
 of the great ocean incessantly roll be
 tween the places of our habitation; be
 sides, there is also an undisputed kin
 ship in our relution to the universal
 brotherhood of men. We are disposed
 to hold last by the truth of that declar
 ation that “God hath made of one blood
 all nations of men that dwell upon the
 face of the earth.” The aimospherer
 ic act ion of certain latitudes may tinge
 our complexions with divers colors, yet,
 notwithstanding, human identity is com
 plete. In the inner man there are the
 same kindly affections and generous
 emotions among every race under
 heaven. The negro mother of Central
 Africa is possessed of ns much fervent
 love for her offspring as the most fin
 ished lady in London or New York; the
 law of maternal sympathy being equal
 ly inscribed inside the sable tabernacle
 of Ethiopians as within the purest cov
 ering of white, that any female inhabit
 ant of Europe may inherit, your maid
 en slave of South Carolina, and the
 most delicately formed of the daughters
 of your Northern States, are alike fash
 ioned by the unerring hand of the great
 Creator, and if these things ore so,
 the simple question ie appropriate,
 Who hath made thee to differ
Most certainly you cannot “by tak
 ing thought add one cubic to you
 stature.” Our impotency in these
 things is without doubt. Men may buy
 and sell their brethren for a p’ece of
 silver, but to change their raven locks
 into the similitude offlaxen fibre is be
 yond their power. But if, after all, it
 is found that some are less honorable
 from no fault of theirs, then the divine
 law respecting such is, the bestowment
 of more abundant honor on these mem
 bers that are less honorable It is an
 exalted Christian virtue, for the strong
 to bear the burdens of the weak, and
 not seek his own profit in their oppres
 sion. Then again all men are alike
 as regards their destiny. In the place
 of sepulchres invidious distinctions are
 unknown. Our fathers where are
 they Those of them who fought, bled,
 and died for the liberties we possess in
 Old Caledonia, and your fathers who
 fought, bled, and died for that measure
 of freedom you claim in the western
 world, have* all gone to rest along with
 the sable children of St. Domingo. The
 colored descendants of them that did
 so valiantly in behalf of independence
 in that distant isle, have equal cause
 with us to cherish the memories of their
 heroic ancestors. Toussaint L’Ouver
 ture, their general in chief, was a man
 not a whit behind our Wallace or your
 Washington in those qualities that are
 requisite for leadership in any great
 struggle where truth and freedom are
 at stake. As it is with all ihese, so
 sure will it be with us but a few years
 hence. Our hatred and our love will be
 alike forgotten in that place where “the
 slave is free from his master, and the
 weary are at rest.” But perhaps you
 are ready to say that these relation
 ships are too general by far to warrant
 our interference witn the internal ar
 rangements of any confederacy or na
 tion. In answer to such an objection
 we remark that in the ordinary and le
 gitimate legislation of any community
 no neutral party has a right to inter
 meddle. Neither would we seek in
 any instance of common policy to take
 the same course we now feel called up
 on to do, were it not that millions of
 our brethren and sisters are enslaved
 in our midst; bought and sold in the
 market for an earthly consideration—
 many of whom at this present time are
 fleeing from the hand of the spoiler,
 seeking refuge on the cold, and to them
 inhospitable, soil of the Canadas, in
 preference to the land of perverted and
 despotic republicanism. Another rea
 son for our leeling more at liberty to
 remonstrate with any people as to their
 misdeeds, lies in the fact, that we have
 eo franchise ourselves. Being thus lit
 erally without the pale of the British
 nonstitution, we hold ourselves to be
 more the citizens of the world. On
 that account the prudential coquetting
 of diplomatic agency we care little for;
 hence our directing with you the law
 makers of another country. But yet
 you may taunt us with being in bond
 age to the aristocracy of this nation; to
 a certain degree, we admit that we are,
 although they have not as yet put any
 of us or our children up for sale on the
 auction block. Nay, some of them did
 a noble work for slave emancipation in
 the West Indian colonies; and, without
 abating one jot of our'hatred of aristo
 cratic misrule, we believe that a repeal
 of our colonial emancipation act would
 be altogether an impossible thing—
 whereas in the boasted democracy of
 the west, fugitive slave bills are quite
 the order of the day. We have pro
 tested long and struggled vigorously
 for our due share of political power, but
 ever and anon we have found the spir
 it of domination ready to find an ex
 cuse for our exclusion from it in the
 misdeeds of others rather than our own.
 The land'ord and other dominating
 classes of this country are quite in the
 habit of nailing ua up to the cross be
 tween Napoleonism in France and the
 slaveocracy of America. To you,
 therefore, our appeal is made to re
 move this latter stumbling-block out of
 our way. You have the power; let the
 world and us have the benefit of your
 will, in the overthrow of a system
 which has done more to retard the pro
 gress of genuine liberty than any other
 cause known to civilized man. The
 enslavement of three millions of human
 beings iu the heart of a boasted democ
 racy is a living argument to the up
 holders of despotic rule throughout the
 world. We have heard of your indig
 nant protest against the invasion of pa
 triotic Hungary by Russian hordes.
 Be it known to you that such a mani
 festation offeeling is ungraceful on your
 part. Russian despotism has consist
 ency in its favor, whereas republican
 ism with you is but a snare, to entrap
 the simple-minded negro, making him a
 prey to the most villanous scheme of
 oppression on which the sun ever
 shone* A French army at Rome in the
 name of a Republic, to beat down Ro
 man liberty, is a feeble representation
 of that spirit which holds in servile
 bondage, the weak and helpless of our
 race. The despots of Europe have
 some credit for fact and ability in their
 successful resistance to majorities of
 men claiming elective power as their
 birthright; but to find a majority of any
 commonwealth crushing the lesser
 number with an iron hand, brings out a
 state of feeling peculiarly mean and
 despicable. We can hardly believe
 that you have considered fully the rela- i
 tion you bear to the hideous wrong of
 which we complain. Tha elective con
 stituency of this nation have their faults
 in abundance. To their detestable ex
 clusiveness we are at perpetual war;
 but to be a party to the vile and odious
 selfishness which «induces a man to
 claim proparty in hit brother, is to all
TERMS-—s 2 Per Asua, Invariably Kb Adraiee.
intents and purposes to sum up the en
 tire account of injustice and atrocity.
 Then the dissimulation connected with
 the distribution of power both in Great
 Britain and America is apparent. The
 theory of the constitution which profess
 es to shield us from all political wrong,
 is that taxation without representation
 is robbery. Then on the other hand,
 the theory of the constitution of the
 United States, as you well know, is that
 all men are created free ar.d equal,
 having a right to “life, liberty, and the
 pursuit of happiness.” What now is
 the practice in this nation, and in your
 commonwealth? In the former every
 sixth or seventh male inhabitant has, or
 may have the privilege of being repre
 sented, while the great mass are pas
 sive instruments as far as law-making
 is concerned. With you, again, there
 are millions of veritable slaves to grace
 the greatest Republic that ever the
 sons of men have witnessed. Hence
 the law-makers of these two vast com
 munities stand before the world con
 victed as a combination of dissimula
 tors, forming within themselves an “or
 ganized hypocrisy” wanting faith in
 their own professed principles, the fruits
 of which are misery and woe to all on
 whom their baneful influence may op
 erate. We would here bring under
 your special notice the reaction upon
 your own interest which the abuse of
 political power has excited. You stand
 as one barrier in the way of cfbr en
 franchisement; the tendency of this is
 to perpetuate the laws of primogeniture
 and entail in this country, whose ruin
 ous operations has the most direct ef
 fect in overcrowding the labor market
 in all its departments. The conse
 quence of this state of things must be
 seen at a single glance. Emigration to
 America is the most natural outlet to
 the over-abundance of willing hands on
 this side of the Atlantic. Be not then
 churlish and rude to the Scotch, Eng
 lish, or Irish artizan, although ho finds
 a place beside you in the work-shops oi
 any city or township in the land where
 you dwell. He is there not so much ot
 his own will,*as, according to the law of
 supply and demand—a law, bythe way,
 which the landlord class of Britain and
 you, the democracy of the Far West,
 have stultified in its legitimate opera
 tions, bringing want to many a home in
 these islands, and, as a natural result,
 subjecting yourselves to a pressing
 competition which we understand is by
 no means taken at its true value in the
 various localities where it exists. And,
 farther, we had long cherished the
 hope that the yoke of bondage had un
 dergone a process of decay, which at
 no distant date would terminate in utter
 extinction; but in the passing of the
 Fugitive Slave Bill, our most ardent
 expectations have been completely dis
 appointed. In it we have an indication
 that the hearts of your legislators are
 “fully set in them to do evil.” Would
 that we could bring ourselves to the
 conviction that they are not the true in
 dex to national feeling in America.
 Late exhibitions in the cities of New
 York and Boston are so much accumu
 lative evidence of an unaccountable
 perversion of the most common ideas of
 justice and fair dealing. Men who ought
 to have the highest honors conferred
 upon them that is in the power of any
 people to bestow, have been thwarted
 in their good intentions, and bullied
 by a lawless mob. Tlhe noble hearted
 Garrison, with his heroic and coura
 geous coadjutors, stifled and put to si
 lence in one ol the centres of civiliza
 tion, will stand a spectacle of lasting
 disgrace to the place and people where
 the infamous deed was perpetuated.
 And what of Douglass?—the man on
 whose countenance we have, looked,
 and to whose eloquence we have listen
 ed to with ineffable delight; wondering
 all the while whether there was any
 place of repentance for the vile miscre
 ants that would rob him of himself, and
 count his person a thing of just so much
 value in the market or auction-room.
 Our indignation has been of the most
 intense description on hearing of the in
 human treatment his manhood has re
 ceived at the hands of an educated and
 professedly Christian community.—
 There i 9 within the whole range of
 those indignities heaped on the colored
 population, a brutish and barbarous
 heartlessness of which demons them
 selves might well be ashamed. As a
 mere matter of self-interest, we con
 ceive that any community within the
 Union who are unable to discern the
 representative powers of Frederick
 Douglass, are wholly at fault. In all
 earnestness our opinion of him is, that
 he would do honor to the most gifted
 legislative assembly in the world, and
 from such statement you may possibly
 draw your own conclusions as to what
 interests we would confide to his care,
 were it in our power to honor such an
 one with our suffrages either in matters
 municipal or parliamentary. Perhaps
 it is not known to you, that your preju
 dices have* left you much behind na
 tions with less pretensions to free gov
 ernment. In the Jamaica House of
 Assembly there are no less than six
 men of color, invested with all that dig
 nity belonging to representation; some
 of whom are acknowledged to be more
 profound in the abstract sciences than
 any of their compeers within or without
 the precincts of the Legislative Assem
 blies. We call, upon you, then, by
 the seconsiderations, and by others e an
 of higher import, to wipe away that
 foul stain upon your national character,
 which unchristian prejudice has en
 gendered, to the irreparable injury of
 those whom God hath chosen to create
 according to the inflexible laws of his i
 own universe. Let nothing stand ia
 the way of latent aspirations which
WHOLE NO. 160.
may exist, for crowning all men with
 the dignity and privileges of manhood.
 Th Polic yor religion which
 quire your acquiescence to the impious
 and atrocious praet««« of making man a
 marketable commodity is “aattkly, sen
 sual, devilish.” That church him
 claims on your reverence which would
 parcel out pews to its colored members.
 Throwing up a partition wall in the
 sanctuary, whereby the house may jje
 divided against itself, i» not aort ludi
 crous than wicked and detestable ewsti
 to the last degree. A slavehoMltfg
 ministry, whose work professedly Is Jo
 “preach liberty to the captive anil us
 opening of the prison doors to tbfpi
 that are bound,” is one of the meet
 sickening spectacles the world can wit
 ness. Certain of your most eminent
 theologians we find are defending tfie
 Fugitive Slave Bill in all its
 and in the plenitude of tbeir fwiadign
 “search the scriptures’* for a commis
 sion to the man-stealers. Tbs charac
 ter of such men is most amply dettrifeid
 in the very same book on which tbfiir
 pretensions are founded. They “*#ll
 the poor for silver, and the needy foqa
 pair of shoes.” To give the red-feate!-
 ed slave-hunter a mandate from Abm
 ham, from Moses, or from Psul, is per
 haps the mast miserable subterfuge
 that can be had recourse to it. The
 latter, we are sure, has never' givjbn
 one single attestation in favor ofslavery
 far less such a document ns the Fugi
 tive Slave Bill. And as to tha Mosiftc
 economy, it was characterized by the
 Apostle as a system of “weak and beg
 garly elements, which he and his
 fathers were unable to bear.” May
 we not demand that theological slave
 holders carry out their own principles
 and take unto themselves two wives, as
 did Abraham; the one a bond maid and
 the other a free woman. It would hot
 be more preposterous in Moses Stew
 art or Leonard Woods to have slave
 handmaids a-piece to share tbeir love
 with some of the fair daughters of the
 free States, than it is for them to justi
 fy the enslavement of their own Chris
 tian brethren by an appeal to the ex
 ample of Abraham. But to have done
 with, such heartless ecclesiasticp, we
 turn to you, the sons of toil—you who
 share with us and others in all the la
 bors that are done under the sun. W«
 call upon you, by every consideration
 that can influence the hearts of men to
 vitruous action, to make the slave
 catching bill a dead letter in your
 midst. And as you value your own
 civil and religious liberty, we entreat
 that you be no longer a barrier in'the
 world’s progress, by the prostitution of
 your suffrages to the inhuman slave
 power. From this time hencefoitht let
 the nations ot the earth have an exam
 ple of fortitude and virtue, by
 ceasing and heroic endeavors to re
 model the constitution of society in the
 land of the pilgrim fathers. In the
 name of everything that is worthy to be
 he.'d in reverence, we conjure you to
 go ‘'allbough the bills be re
 moved,” let justice be done to the
 bondsmen of the south. And that you
 may in all things approve Youftelves
 worthy to be remembered by coming
 generations, is the sincere aqd fervent
 desire of your brethren in labor. We
 are, in the name of the working men ot
 Glasgow, (Signed)
 MATTHEW CULLEN, Chainß*n.
 JAMES HOEY, Coiwftiar.
 And others.)
 Mr. Hoey concluded by moving that
 the appeal be adopted and circulated
 as extensively as possible in this coun
 try, and that it be reprinted in at least
 four newspapers Liberator, North
 Star. Standard, and New York Trib
 une] in America which he named, and
 in as many more as could be obtained.
 Mr. William Smeal, in seconding the
 motion, paid a just compliment to the
 working-classes, as having always ad
 hibited by far the largest number of
 signatures to the anti-slavery petitions
 sent from this city. He expected the
 Fugitive. Bill would be the death of
 American slavery. &lt;‘And Oh, saith
 my soul,” exclaimed the good man,
 “the sooner it is dead and buried the
 better!”
 Mr. Cortoy moved a vote of thanks
 t&lt;rtho chairman, and the meeling sep
 arated.
Southern Intolerance.— A friend
 of ours, who has resided several years
 at the South, but whose misfortune it
 was to be Dorn a Yankee, in a recent
 letter gives a moving account of some
 of the tribulations and perils be has
 passed through in the State of Quattie
 bumia, since ‘he fresh excitement broke
 out on the slavery question. He waa
 promptly discharged from his employ
 ment, when the discovery camo out
 that he originated in Yankee land; and
 the story having got about that he waa
 a little tinctured with abolitionism, the
 South Carolina Society (which is the
 inquisition that overhauls all the sus
 pected) took his case in hand.’ A series
 of letters written five years ago, were
 some evidence against him, which with
 later proof would perhaps have shipped
 him, had he not told the committee
 that he held himself responsible to
 laws, not men; that he was in fact de
 termined not to be put down for think
 ing merely. A couple of friend* hav
 ing been found who were willing to
 answer for our Yankee’sgood conduct,
 the gentlemen of the inquisition gra
 ciously permitted the matter to remain
 in statu quo till something new should
 turn up. During the excitement, our
 triend several tunes found himself at
 tracting more attention in tha street
 than was usual or agreeable, and once
 overheard the remark, “That is him.”
 A paper also dropped a hint about the
 danger of letting suspicious persons
 reside in the community; but luckily
 ihe tar-and-feather argument was not
 called into requisition.
 Our correspondent statea that the
 Hon. Truman Smith, of Connecticut,
 passed through Charleston, 9. C., some
 eight weeks ago, stopping one night at
 the Charleston Hotel. The ne*t morn
 ing the following handbill was stuck up
 at the corner of the streets:
 The Hon. Truman Smith, of Con
 necticut, (the celebrated abolitionist,)
 is in this city, and can be seen at the
 Charleston Hotel.
 P. S. Tar and feathei*.”
The Debt or Texas.— According to
 the report of the Comptroller *nd Au
 ditor, made to the Legislature of Texas
 at ita late extra session, the total os
 tensible debt 9f Texas is $13,882,440,
 and the real or par value of# the same
 $6,812,936. r
"
