"“Impious Vagabond.**
 The following chaste bit of “liberal chris
 tfcmitv,” we take from the last Congregational
 Jkvmal:
 “Frederick Douglass. The country has
 Mt contained a more insolent or impious vaga
 bond than this fellow Douglass.”
 This language, did we not know that the
 •ditor of the Journal is now fishing to get the
 printing of the U. S. Laws from the States
 man, would surprise us. As it is, it only
 aoccues pity. The man who can speak of
 Yiederiek Douglass as a “vagabond,” must
 fold his owu manhood as cheap as he does
 his principles and be willing to pait with
 both for two or three hundred dollars’ worth
 •f “pottage.” We trust we enteitain all
 due respect for the talents and character ol
 the editor or the Journal. No consideration
 Should indues us to apply to him terms which
 fo applies to Douglass. We would despise
 •ursejvea if we could do it. But we are free
 to say, and we do say, that we deem such
 language as justly inapplicable to Frederick
 Itoaflasa as to him. With all reverence, in
 point of genius, eloquence, power as a writer,
 •obleneas of heart and soul, we do not deem
 the former inferior to the latter. Nay; es
 timating his early disadvantages, the first
 twenty-five years of his life being spent in
 slavery, Frederick Douglass has not his su
 perior in America.
 And yet ha is denounced by a professedly
 friigious paper in New Hampshire, as an
 “impious vagabond.” And why* What
 lias he done, or refused to do. that entitles
 him to this denunciation 7 Why, forsooth,
 fo has dared speak and write against the
 Mcuraed system of American Slavery, whose
 iron bolts have pietced his own soul and the
 Mala of hit brethren, lie has dared protest,
 ia strong and indignant language, against an
 inhuman law for reducing him and them
 again to a bondage worse than death. He
 has dared hold up to us recieant sons, the
 aanliments of our fathers, as recorded in the
 Detlaraiion of Independence, that “all men
 are created equal, and have an inalienable
 tight to liberty.” This is the sum of his
 offence. And for this, he is denounced by
 the craven apologists for oppression. It is
 fit that he should be. Let them denounce.
 But let them know, also, that for all these
 denunciations, God and a right judging poe
 erity will bring them into judgment.— lnde
 tndent Democrat.
 T
 Matlock, Derbyshire, Eng., Oct. 3.
 My Dias Garrison :—Stait not when I
 announce to you that 1 have engaged a pas
 sage to Boston in the Canada Mail Steamer,
 which sails from Liverpool on the 19th inst.,
 and that, should no accident happen to me or
 the vessel, 1 hope to take you by the hand
 on or before the Ist of November.
 Now for the objecis 1 seek by this trip fot
 the second time to the shores of the United
 States.
 1. I have an ardent desire to tevisit your
 country, and to renew my acquaintance with
 those who were my friends in 1835, and. to
 hsoome acquainted, also, with those who,
 sines that eventful period, have become the
 friends and champions of ihe cause i advo
 eated, and may therefote be disposed to give
 a not unfriendly reception to one, who, like
 yourself, was early in the field, and did not
 shun either the reproach or dauger to which
 abolitionists were exposed during the reign ot
 mob-tuptemacy. Believe me, it will be most
 lefreshing to me to mingle with the whole
 hearted reformers of your city, and of the
 old Bty State. I gave you some reason to
 expeet me more than two months ago. My
 visit st that time, however, was impractica
 ble. Parliament was not up, and when it did
 rise some other engagements, as well as the
 stale of my domestic affairs, prevented me
 from carrying my wish into fulfilment. I now
 think I ace the possibility of my being absent
 for four months, without the disregatd of
 any claims upon my time or labors in thin
 country.
 2. In addition to my desire to see you and
 tha friends of our common cause, I have a
 project to carry out, of which America is the
 fold. For some years before 1 entered Parlia
 ment, and at the lime 1 entered it, 1 had been,
 and was, in the receipt of an income sufficient
 to meet all my wants, and to support the po
 sition to which I aspited. In less than three
 montha after 1 became a legislator that income
 wholly failed me, and for three years I have
 boon supporting myself and my family upon
 that which 1 had hoped I should be able tc
 Isave behind me. lam now poor; but hope
 ful, with unimpaired mental energy, wiih a
 constitution yet sound and strong, and a
 character unassailable by any imputation ol
 selfishness or corruption.
 In these circumstances, my thoughts have
 been turned to the way in which 1 might, by
 honorable, independent and useful exertion,
 itpair, in tome degree, my shattered fortunes,
 and provide things honest in the sight of all
 men. It has occurred to me that, by a visit
 to the United States of America, at that sea
 son of the year when lectures are most in re
 qnest, I might realize not only enough to pay
 my expenses, but something also to sustain
 mo for a time after my return. I have, there
 fore, so far resolved to act upon this idea, as
 to engage a berth in the Canada, and shall
 try the experiment, if encouraged and aided
 by m&gt; personal friends in Boston. My visit,
 than, will be of a business character.
 Wore I alone in the world, I need not
 visit America to find the means to live.
 Could I bring myself to prostitute my talents
 to party purposes or base objects, I might
 live here and sustain those 1 love. Could 1
 consider to ask favors, 1 might perhaps find
 employment, and matters and dictatois, as
 well aa labor and its emoluments. lam not
 alone in the woild—l cannot misuse my
 powers —l will not ask favors of those above
 am—and lam determined to preserve my in
 dependence and my freedom of action as long
 os 1 can. These circumstances have appeared
 to me sufficient to decide meonexporung my
 self, my lectures, and my self-supporting pro
 joct, to the shores of New England. 1 should
 bo truly glad if I could land in Liverpool next
 spring with the reflection that 1 was master
 of enough to carry me over the session of
 Parliament, and keep the pot boiling at home,
 while I rebuked the mmistet from my seat,
 aa the unpaid representative of the people.
 Well, in the prospect of my being speedily
 with you, what do I ask of you as an old
 friend F irsl, that you will receive me as
 the friend who, when the road lo fame and
 fortune was open to him at the bar of Eng
 land, cast in his lot with you, and took joy
 fully his share with you in the perils of the
 •Id campaign. That you will believe me as
 warmly as ever the advocate of the cause of
 the slave. This, let the last refugee that has
 come to our shores testify. That you will
 not believe me mercenary. I could sing in a
 garret, with a crust before me, if 1 had but
 myself to care for. That you will believe it
 is only the love of independence and of my
 family, and my desire to be here, the incor
 ruptible and unpaid advocate of the people,
 that makes me devise this scheme for putting
 money in my pocket. That you will not
 think the worse of me, because 1 do not come
 se throw myself, as I did before, into the
 ooti-elsvery cause, exclusively; but to dis-
 Marst on topics that will bring those to hear
 ms who will not refuse to pay their 25 or 50
 •sots for thsopportunity. Finally, that you
 will aid my plan. 1 authorize you to com
 municate the contents of this letter to Fran
 ce Jackson, Wendell Phillips, and Edmund
 Qainey. and such others as you or they may
 see fit to take into your counsels. I authorize
 T*u to make it known, through the most con
 venient channels, that I shall be willing to give
 leetoros. if invited to do so, on the term* of
 •that foreign lectures. I authorize you to
 arrange for my beginning to lecture within
 ms week ot my landing. can remain with
 yea till the last day of February. If care
 ful, 1 shall be three lectures a week,
 sa or out of Boston. These I should like to
 be able to give, and not more to be deliver
 ed in such places, and under such circuro*
 aasoess, as promise the best result.
 tJoail lam with you, 1 cannot decide the
 tepies of my lectors. All branches of Indian
History the rise snd progress of the
 British power—the resources, condition and
 prospects of the country, &amp;c., &amp;c., I am
 familiar with. Lectures on the state of
 parties in England, the representative system,
 &amp;c., you may hare for the asking. But
 of this, when I am on the spot.
 While thus pursuing with ardor my own
 personal ends, think not that I shall play the
 part of a Reed, a Cox or a Mathew. If not
 committed already, enough commit me
 again, until 1 shall not, eveu in the heel, be
 free from the baptism of ultra abolitionism:
 but at the same time, enter, as a brother, a
 father, and a friend, into my object, and suffer
 me to accomplish the purpose upon which I
 hare set my heart. If the first trip answers,
 you may see me annually; and 1 know not
 but I may lay my bones in the soil sanctified
 by the foot-prints of the Pilgrim Fathers.
 I hare been working very hard lately for
 the refoim movement. The voyage will Te
 cruit me. Farvell till we meet.
 My affectionate remembrance to all around
 you. Yours, dear Garrison, ever most truly,
 GEORGE THOMPSON.
sl)e Nortl) otar.
ROCHESTER, JANUARY 16, 1851.
E7* The Bth Lecture of the aeries will
 be delivered by Frederick Douglass, in Co
 rinthian Hall, on Sunday evening, Jan. 12th,
 at 7 o’clock. The public are respectfully
 invited to attend.
EF The friends of the North Star,"
 whose subscriptions are now due for the
 Fourth Volume, are most respectfully but
 earnestly reminded that this is a time when
 their subscriptions are much needed, and ought
 to be paid, as it is exceedingly important to
 the well-being of the paper that it ehould pass
 into the new year unincumbered by debt:
 which were necessarily incurred in the old
 year. Pay your dues —give us a generous
 support, and we willmake the“ North Star”
 a paper oi which even a white man need not
 be ashamed.
 EF Will our Rochester subscribers have
 the kindness to leave their subscriptions for
 the jiiesent year of the North Star” at our
 office at an early period I
 EF Our British friends are respectfully
 requested to forward their subscriptions, for
 the present year of the North Star,” to
 Mrs. Henry Richardson, 5 Summer Hill
 Grove, New-Ca3tle-on-Tyne.
George Thompson, Esq.
 For the last few weeks we have been
 appiehensive that this distinguished and elo
 quent champion of human freedom—against
 whom the accumulated wrath of slaveholding
 malignity has arrayed itself—would not favor
 Western New Yotk with his presence during
 his brief sojourn in the United Stales; but
 we have now the unspeakable pleasure of
 announcing to our readers in this region, that
 George Thompson will visit Syracuse, Peter
 boro, Rochester and Buffalo, duiing the
 month of February next. He will be re
 ceived with enthusiastic admiration by all the
 friends of the slave, of all parties, throughout
 Western New York. Our readers will see
 how completely the miserable slander, that
 Mr. Thompson comes to this country in the
 pay of the British Government, has been re
 futed by his private letter to Mr. Garrison,
 which appears in another pattof this paper.—
 r. d.
Aati-Fuf itive Slav* Bill Meeting at
 Syracuse.
 This was not such a meeting as we ex
 pected would be held, judging from the object
 as set forth in the call, which convened it;
 but it uas just such a meeting as the advo
 cates of slave-catching (alias blood-houndism,)
 will probably set up a fiendish shout of de
 light over. Not, however, because there was
 anything said or proposed in the convention,
 with which the latter can unite, but simply be
 cause there was not that harmony of opinion
 exhibited which might have been expected
 from a slight perusal of the call in question,
 and which was so much to have been desired
 on such an occasion. It must be confessed
 that the meeting was very stormy, and to
 wards the close was very discordant. A body
 of men and women were brought into a
 Convention, who, while hearty and unani
 mous in their opposition to the “Fugitive
 Slave Bill, are nevertheless greatly divided in
 respect to doctrines and measures touching
 the great question of Slavery generally. And
 as ft is almost impossible to talk about slave
 catching, without talking about slave-holding
 (for the greater includes the less,) there
 was little unanimity in the action of the Con
 vention, and a portion of the original parties
 to the call, finally adjourned, and separated
 while others remained behind, and adopted
 the resolutions and address out of which the
 controversy arose. While we lament these
 circumstances, we do not see how they could
 have been avoided, and we do not, therefore,
 feel like censuring any of the parties con
 cerned. Men and women spoke out their
 honest convictions as to the best mode of
 action against the Fugitive Slave Bill; and
 as far as we could see, they were animated
 by no factious spirit; and although they could
 not agree, we do not think that the Fugitive
 Slave Bill will gain a single friend, nor lose
 a sirgle opponent, in consequenc* of that disa
 greement. In many respects the meeting was
 truly glorious—it was so in the numbers
 which were in attendance—and in the earnest
 eloquence which it called forth against the
 whole system of human bondage. There
 were times when the scene was sublime.
 The last session of the meeting continueduntil
 mid-night, and the City Hall was still crowd
 ed. We shall have more to say about this
 Convention next week, and shall speak
 more particularly of certain points of differ
 ence which came up for discussion. —f. d.£
“Commonwealth Si Emancipator.”—
 This is the name of a newj Free-Soil daily
 paper, published in Boston, Mass. It has
 sprung up, not exactly from the ruins of tbe
 Chronotype, and the Republican newspapers
 of that city, but, we should think, from their
 prosperity, for it would take two very pros
 perous sheets to make one equal to this Com
 monwealth, a copy of which is now before
 us. This paper was to have appeared under
 the name of “Compass," but it seems that
 of Commonwealth has been prerred, by the
 Trustees of the paper. He who would htve
 an able Free-Soil Journal from New Eng
 land, as the largest size, cannot do better
 than to send at onoe for the “Commonwealth
Voice of tie Fugitive.”—This is
 Henry Bibb's paper, published every other
 Wednesday, at Sandwich, Canada West.—-
 Terms, one dollar, alwaya in advance. The
 Voice of the Fugitive” is to advoeata giving
 Bibles to the slaves,” and the colonisation
 ef free colored people in Canada,” and ii
 will oppose the annexation of Canada to the
 United States. The first number of the
 paper is well printed, and gives signs of abil
 ity and spirit.—r. d.
Bullard's Panorama is to be exhibited ts
 Concert Hill, Rochester, every afternoon and
 evening this week; and on Thursday, Friday
 and Saturday, Jan. 16th, 17th and 18th, there
 will be an exhibition in the forenoon at
 eleven. See advertisement in another
 column.
LECTURE No. YII., Delivered by Fred
 erick Douglass, in Corinthian Hmll,
 onjSnnday Evening, Jan. 12th.
I tise to give my seventh lecture on Amer
 ican slavery under feelings of very deep seri
 ousness. The return of Henry Long to all
 the horrors of a life of endless slavery, hss
 shrouded my spirit in gloom. But a few
 days ago, he walked abroad in the streets of
 New York in the full enjoyment of freedom,
 his mind occupied with thoughts, hopes and
 aspirauons becoming the mind of a virtuous
 freeman. But, in a moment, he has been
 snatched away by a hand moie dreadful than
 that of death. His hopes snd aspirations,
 plans and purposes, have been cut off and
 destroyed. From a man, he has fallen to a
 chattel; and instead of breathing the free air
 of New York, in the pride of his liberty and
 in the society of freemen, he is now doomed
 to the appalling condition of a slave, and
 must drag out his life in Virginia, under all
 the horrors of the whip and fetter.
 Henry Long is the second victim surren
 dered by New York under the inhuman and
 barbarous provisions of the fugitive slave
 bill; and there are some circumstances at
 tending his surrender, which make it even
 mote alarming and distressing than the case
 of James Hamlet. The latter was arrested,
 tried and delivered up in a most seciet and
 hasty manner, without the legal and friendly
 aid which might have been rendered, despite
 the furious haste required by the fugitive
 slave bill. The case of U on g 8 different.—
 Between the time of his arrest and the time
 of his surrender, there was ample opportunity
 for rendering him all the assistance of which
 the law and the case would allow. His
 artest was known, and his trial open to public
 gaze. There was time for the vigilance of
 his friends to be exercised and that vigi
 lance, to a certain extent, was exercised. Yet
 Henry Long was surrendered, and, in broad
 day light, dragged out of the city of New
 York, without even an attempt being made
 to rescue him.
 It is stated that there was not a sign of
 disturbance when the unfortunate man
 was taken to the ferry from which he departed
 for the South, and that the only thing unusual
 in that vicinity at the time, waa the appear
 ance of Captain Isaiah Rynders, parading
 about with rifle in hand, swearing vengeance
 against abolitionists. If this be so, it is a
 shame and a scandal which the colored people
 of New York should seize the first oppor
 tunity to wash out. It is humiliating in the
 extreme, that, in a city with a colored popu
 lation of more than twenty thousand, such a
 high-handed and daring atrocity could be per
 petrated without any intervention on the part
 of any among them. 1 know not what would
 have been the chances of success had any
 attempt been made to rescue Henry Long.—
 It is possible that no chance of success ap
 peared in his case. For the credit of the
 colored people alone, 1 hope that the latter is
 true. It ought not to be said of a people
 like those of New York, that they stood
 mute spectators of a scene which might well
 have roused the courage even of dastards to
 deeds of blood. Some explanation, spme
 apology for the apparent indifference and
 utter inaclivity manifested by the colored
 people of New York city, is demanded. 1
 say again, I do not know what the chance of
 success would have been in an effort at the
 rescue of Henry Long but this I do know,
 that the absence of any attempt to break the
 jaws of the oppressor, and to rend the victim
 from his horrid clutch, will form the strongest
 possible ground of encouragement to other
 slave-hunters who may be disposed to prose
 cute their infamous business in New York
 city. I am free to say that nothing abort of
 physical resistance will render the colored
 people of tho North safe from the horrible
 enormities which must result from the execu
 tion of the fugitive slave law; and I had
 rathet have heard that coloted men had been
 beaten down by the two hundred police men
 employed on that occadbn, than that there
 should have been no manifestation of physical
 resistance to the re-enslavement of poor Long.
 My very blood chilled, and I felt myself de
 graded, when 1 reao that the demand of the
 slave catcher for a sufficient force to remove
 Henry Long from New Yotk was answered
 by Judge Judson to the effect that he ap
 prehended no disturbance *‘No disturbance!"
 Doom the innocent to perpetual boodage, and
 no fear of disturbance Why, when a
 guilty felon ia to be hanged, a murderous
 assassin, who, for the love of gold, hss
 plunged his dagger into the heart of an inno
 cent brother, such are the sympathies of
 human nature, and such is the proneness of
 man to forget the crime of the criminal in
 reflecting on his horrible fate, that, even in
 such a case, there is always danger of dis
 turbance” for his rescue, snd provision made
 against such an occurrence. But here, in
 the case of an innocent man—a man un
 stained by any crime, and against whom
 there is not even the shadow of an allegation,
 we see him huiried sway to s fate more terri
 ble than death itself, snd no disturbance
 on account of it ia apprehended. Thia re
 veals a popular acquiescence in the execution
 of this inhuman ltw, which is at once dis
 graceful snd heait-sickening an acquies
 cence which will not fail to inspire with hope
 other two-legged bloodhounds who are medi
 ating Northern excursions in pursuit of their
 prey. The contemplation of these things
 makes me sad. But more saddening atill is
 the present aspect of the public mind through
 out the North.
 It is impossible not to see a determination
 on the part of men in high places to pot
 down, if possible, all efforts made to promote
 snti-elsvery sentiment in this country. Poli
 ticians, in and out of office, are evidently
conspiring ag»i&lt;Mt the agitation of the qoes
 lion of slavsry, and are exerting themselves
 to the utmost to quiet the public mind on the
 subject. Distinguished individuals, both of
 the Whig and Democratic party, whose
 voices rang through the land last winter, pro
 claiming manly hostility to the slave power,
 are now as hushed as though slavery had
 ceased to exist, and the slave power were no
 more. Meanwhile, the pulpit is sending
 forth sermons, in pamphlet form, boldly and
 shamelessly advocating obedience to the fugi
 tive slave law, and, in the sacred name of
 Jeaua Christ, defending the slave system.—;
 The Kev. Dr. Lord, of Buffalo, in a sermon
 enjoining obedience to the fugitive slave bill,
 says: But there is higher authority for
 “the determination of this question, than
 anything we have yet suggested. The ex
 istence of domestic slavery was expressly
 ‘‘allowed, sanctioned and regulated by the
 Supreme Law-giver, in that divine economy
 which he gave lo the Hebrew state. Ihe
 fact is open and undisputed. The record
 and proof of it are in the hands of every
 man who has in his possession a copy of
 the Bible. All the ingenuity of all the
 abolitionists in the United States can
 never destroy the necessary conclusion of
 this admitted divine sanction of slavery,
 1 that it it an institution which may lawfully
 exist, and concerning which governments
 may pass laws and execute penalties for
 their evasion or resistance.” Dr. Lord is
 the minister of a Presbyterian Church in
 Buffalo; and to gratifying waa the sermon,
 of which the above extract is a fair sample,
 that nineteen of the respectable gentlemen
 and Christians of his church sent him a letter,
 requesting it for publication. With this in
 quest it seems he cheerfully complied, and
 his seimon now appears before the public in
 a pamphlet of 32 pages. Another Doctor ol
 Divinity, the Rev. Dr. Lathrop, of Auburn,
 has signalized himself by devoting Thanks
 giving day” to rebuking disobedience to the
 fugitive slave law, and exhorting his brother
 Christians to a faithful discharge of their
 slave-catching duties. On the same day, the
 Rev. Dr. Shar|ie preached a sermon in Bos
 ton to the same end and we aie informed
 that sundry learned Doctors of Divinity have
 come out on this, as on tht Lord's side in
 this struggle for human freedom. Dr. La
 throp says that the fugitive slave law is the
 law of the land, “enacted by the powers
 that be,” and that “are ordained of God.”—
 What, then,” he asks, is the duty of the
 Christian and the citizen V' and he adds—
 We answer, lhat both patriotism and reli
 gion require that the law should be obeyed.”
 Suppose,” says he, that we deny the
 right of property in a human being, and in
 sist upon it that one man has no moral
 right to hold another as his propeity still,
 we must admit that, for the time being, he
 has a legal tight, according to the consiitu
 tion and laws of the State in which he lives.
 “Other Slates entering into a confederacy
 with this one, have agreed that it may hold
 slaves as property, and manage its own in*
 ternal concerns in its own way. The con
 federacy is entered into for the security of
 other and commanding and common inter
 ests, which are of paramount importance.
 If by any act of legislation by this confed
 erated required to re
 store to ihcm that property to which they
 have a legal right, however much w© may
 doubt the morality of lhat claim, or the law
 upon which it is founded, the duty of good
 citizenship, and the claims of true patriot
 ism, would demand obedience to the law.—
 The responsibility in regard to the morality
 “or the wisdom of the law, rests not with
 “us. That lies somewhere else. But-with
 us is the lesponsibiltty of obeying the
 “laws of the land, which have been estab
 lished by the powers that be, and that are
 ordained of God.”
 In a lecture delivered in this hall a few
 evenings ago, I undertook to show why abo
 litionists are often called infidels. If 1 did
 not satisfy my hearers on th t occasion, with
 the causes which first led to that populai
 cry, the foregoing extracts may succeed in
 doing so. Here we have all that sacred in
 heaven and earth—God, Christ anj the Apos
 tles, the Bible, Christianity and patriotism,
 all blasphemously paraded in su port of sla
 very, and in justification of obedience to that
 concentration of hellish cruelty, the fugitive
 slave lavA
I believe this audience will agree with me,
 that tbe true enemy of the Christian religion
 and of the Bible, is not he who uniformly
 appeals to them in support of justice, mercy,
 and goodness —not he who regards them as
 on tbe side of the abused and eiislaved; but
 rather be who, though clothed in sacredotal
 robes, and assuming tV be the chosen minis
 ter of God, dares to quote the Bible in de
 fence of robbery and wrong. Such men do
 more in one hour to undermine ibe reverence
 of mankind for the Bible, than the most
 skillful infidel could effect in ages!
 I do not believe that the Bible sanctions
 American slavery. I do not believe that
 Christ and his Apostles approved of slave
 holding, nor of slave-catching. From the
 depths of my soul, I appeal with confidence
 to the pages of Holy Writ, in behalf of my
 imbruted and plundered fellow-countrymen.
 Despite the teachings of American divivinea,
 (slave though 1 have been,) I will continue
 to look to God and to Christ for support in
 my humble efforts for the emancipation of my
 rase. But here 1 will say, that should doc
 tors of divinity ever convince me that the
 Bible sanctions American slavery, that Christ
 and his apostles justify returning men to
 bondage, then will I give the Bible to the
 flames, and n* more worship God in the name
 of Christ; for of what value to men would a
 religion be which n&lt;H only permitted, but
 enjoined upon men the enslavement of each
 other, and which would leave them to the
 sway of physical force, and permit the strong
 to enslave tbe weak What better would
 such a religion be than blank atheism, which
 knows no God To defend slavery in the
 name oj God, is simply to redoes mankind
 absolutely to the law of brute force. It
 places men in relation to each other on a
 tooting with tbe wild beasts of the forest
 which live and prey upon each other. If you
 may enslave tbe black man in America, of
 course the black man may enslave the Amer
 ican in Africa; and as the Bible is made for
 all mankind, of course, if it sanction slavery
 at all, it may be quoted by the African priest
 in favor of enslaving the white*, with as
 much propriety as it can be quoted by the
 white* a* authority for enslaving the blacks;
and the God of the Bible would be at once
 the God of slavery to all mankind. The law
 of force would in this case take the place of
 the law of lose, and tie who could succeed in
 man-stealing on the moat extensive scale,
 would best reptesent the attributes of the Di
 vine mind.
 But away with this revolting and blasphe
 mous theory And away with those hypo
 critical Doctors of Divinity! They are
 wolves in sheep's clothing—thieves and liars,
 who wrest and torture the pages of the Holy
 Bible to sanctify popular crimes 1
 The fact that such sentiments as those
 which. I have quoted from Dr. Lord and Dr.
 Lathrop can be taught with impunity from
 Northern pulpits, implies a depth of more
 debasement and blindness in the commu
 nity beyond the power of human language to
 describe.
 The teaponsibility of politicians for slavery,
 is great; but infinitely greater is the guil l of
 the American clergy. They frame a tangled
 web of arguments in support of slavery, of
 which politicians would never dream, and
 urge them with a show of piety which, in any
 other men, would but provoke popular oon
 tempt and acorn. -Common men would be
 utterly ashamed to shield villany under such
 sophistry. in discussing the question of
 American slavery, 1 would far rather encoun
 ter twenty lawyers, than one Doctor of Di
 vinity, for if 1 ahould convict the former of
 self-contradiction and falsehood, blind as the
 public are, they would decide according to
 the facts it is only the doctor of divinity who,
 skulking in the shadow of his prieatly office,
 is able to affright e common people from
 forming an intelligent estimate of his char
 acter and conduct.
 The abolitionists of the niled States have
 been objected to on the score of using harsh
 language but what language is sufficiently
 stern and denunciatory to characterize the con
 duct of men who, while acting as the consti
 tuted guardians of the public morality, and
 claiming the reverence and respect due to
 those who hold their commission from the
 most high God, yet bring the whole scope of
 their influence to the side of the oppressor
 against the oppressed, to propup system in
 which aie combined every sin and pollution
 that has a name. When 1 speal* of such
 men, 1 can find no more appropriate language
 than the words of our Savior to the Scribes
 and Pharisees; and if any here deem the lan
 guage I have already used harsh, oi denun
 ciatory, 1 commend to them the burning
 words of our Savior, applied eighteen hundred
 years ago to the same class of men as those
 who are now standing in the way of the
 slave’s redemption. Woe unto you, Scribes,
 Pharisees, hypocrites, for ye pay tithe of
 mint, and anise and commin, and have
 omitted the weightier matters of the law,
 “judgment, mercy and faith. Ye blind
 guides, which strain at a knat and swallow
 a camel. Woe unto you, Scribes and
 Pharisees, for ye are like unto whited sep
 ulchures, which, indeed, appear beautiful
 outward, but are within full of dead men’s
 bones, and all uncleanness. Ye serpents
 ye generation of vipers, how can ye escape
 the damnation of hell 1
 It would be easy to preach a sermon from
 jthese passages of acriputure, and to show
 i their literal application to the pro-slavery
 church and clergy of out day but this is, I
 hope, unnecessary, as I have already had
 much to aay on that subject in a previous
 lecture.
 I turn, therefore, for the present, from the
 pro-slavery church, and its clerical defenders
 of slavery. The slave has nothing to hope from
 either. They are moved only as they are
 moved upon by popular sentiment; and when
 that becomes anti-slavery, they will become
 anti-slavery, and will be among the first to
 arrogate to themselves the glory of the
 achievement.
 Not many weeks ago, a State election took
 place in this State; and important anti-slavery
 veaults WBre said to be depending upon that
 election. The Whigs and Democrats came
 before the people with their respective claima.
 Hunt aud Seymour were the candidates fot
 Governor of the State. Seymour was openly
 in favor of measures adopted by Congress, as
 a complete settlement of the slavery question.
 Hunt was represented as a Seward Whig,
 and, of course, as opposed to the fugitive
 slave bill; but how little there was to choose
 between the two, may be seen by perusing the
 recent message of Governor Hunt. Not one
 word can be found in it condemning the im
 morality, the inhumanity, and the unconslilu
 tionality of the fugitive alave law there is
 not one word in it recommending the repeal,
 or the modification of that atrocious enact
 ment. There is not one word of dissatisfac
 tion with regard to the law; not one word of
 apprehension for the safety of the colored
 citizens of this State but there ia to be
 found in it, what in all the circumstances
 muat be regarded as a cheerful acquiscence in
 all ita horrid provisions. The Governor says
 Notwithstanding the violent discussions
 which have agitated the country, and the wide
 diversity of opinion which exists in respect to
 the questions involved in the recent action of
 Congress, a general disposition ia evinceJ to
 acquiesce in the measures referred to, and to
 regard them as a final settlement of these tei
 ritorial controversies. The people of this
 State continue to indulge a strong desire that
 harmony and mutual good will may prevail
 between all portions of our widely extended
 Republic. They are a law-abiding people
 they cherish the most friendly sentiment to
 ward their brethren of the South and have
 always conceded to the slave States the entire
 right to maintain and regulate Slavery within
 their own limjts, and to exercise sll those
 rights without abridgement or hindrance which
 the Constitution confers. More than this
 ought not to be claimed or expected.”
 The fugitive slave law ia not named espe
 cially here but it is easy to see when the
 Governor assures the South that the peo
 pie of this State are a law-abiding people,
 and that there is no disposition to abridge,
 nor to binder the slaveholding rights, which
 the Constitution ia alleged to confer, that the
 fugitive slave bill is in hia mind, for that is
 the only measure to which resistance is likely
 to be made, and about which there is any
 serious dispate between the politicians of the
 North and South. Rightly to appreciate the
 tame and submissive character of this part of
 the Governor’s message, it should becontraai
 with the message of southern Governors.
 They are lood and boisterous in their accusa
 tions of faithlessness on the part of the North,
 high and proud in their demands; there are no
 fawning and sickly expressions of friendship
 for the North their love of onion is ever
 bold subject to their love of slavery. They
ou« for the North just is they care for their
 sieves —&lt;miy so for as they sre served by than.
 This is open, snd above-board and, if not
 generous, it is, at least, frank and if we
 cannot honor the men of the South in adopt
 ing this policy, we certainly cannot despise
 them. Their tone is bold and uncompromis
 ing—we know where to find them but not so
 with Northern politicians. They are ever
 anxious to be understood as a most harmless
 set of beings, taking the world as they find it,
 and especially desirious of peace and concord.
 With them, th« Union is above all earthly
 blessings; and to save it, they are willing to
 sacrifice liberty, justice, and all manly inde
 pendence and although they have ever been
 repaid for their undue devotion and deference
 to their self-imposed task-makers, with the
 bitterest contempt and scorn, yet they have
 not even the spirit of the fugitive slave to
 make their escape. This readiness to con
 cede everything to the South ia not only dis
 graceful, but is a great political mistake on the
 part of the North. If there be one political
 truth more evident, and more frequently illus
 trated than another, it ia, that concessions to
 slavery only invite new demands and encroach
 ments. The more they get, the more they
 want; and the more tamely tine North may
 submit, the more imperious and arrogant will
 be their Southern masters. Nothing is more
 ridiculous and absurd than to suppose that the
 reatleas a&amp;d ambitious spirit ol southern slave
 holders will be content with their present
 advantages, when they know that they can
 have more at any time when they shall make
 the demand.
 There is no history axtant in which is fur
 nished a more striking illustration of what a
 few men can do in the way of getting posses
 sion of political power, than in the history of
 the American Government.
 The actual slaveholders are a mete fraction
 of the American people, and a very small mi
 nority of the people in the Southern States.
 Three hundred thousand is the largest esti
 mate ever made of them and I have seen cal
 culations with great show of accuracy, set
 ting their number at one hundred and fifty
 thousand yet these men rule, speak for,
 and represent the whole fifteen Southern
 Slates, as completely as though there was net
 a white man in the whole South besides
 themselves. They are the governors and of
 ficers of the State, and they enjoy a complete
 monopoly of all that pertains to the govern
 ment of the State. They mould the politics,
 the morality, and the religion of that entire
 section of country, and the white werking
 men are but a step removed rrom the slaves
 in their servility to this lordly and imperious
 class of men.
 You who reside in ihe free States, can but
 poorly understand how absolute is the author
 ity of slaveholders, and how abject is the
 servility of iheir white dependents in the
 ■lave States. There is scarcely a shadow of
 difference between the cringing obsequiousness
 of the slave to the slaveholder, and that of the
 poor white man who is not so fortunate as to
 own a slave. But the power of the slave
 holder is not confined to the Southern States.
 Slavery is the only interest represented by
 Southein men at the Capitol of the nation
 and he is a fortunate man that is elected from
 the South, who is not himself a slaveholder.
 The purchase of Louisiana, her immense
 south western territory; the millions expend
 ed upon Florida the annexation of Texas
 the war with Mexico; were all measures
 commenced and carried fotward to their con
 summation by that mere Jraction of the Amer
 ican people the Southern slaveholders.
 Governor Hunt, in his recent message, thus
 confesses the readiness in which New Yuik
 has ever bowed to the arrogant dictations
 and imperious policy of Southern slavehold
 ers and he assures them of the continued
 contentment of New York, in her servile con
 dition. He says
 “Great injustice is done in assuming that
 we have intended oi now meditate encroach
 ments upon the just rights of any poition of
 the Confederacy. During the entire period of
 our tiational history, the people of New York
 have manifested a spirit of kindly deference to
 the feelings and prejudices of our sister Slates,
 and a readiness to sacrifice but
 principle and honor for the of Union and
 concord. Their course has be§n distinguish
 ed by a broad spirit of nationality, elevated far
 above the indulgence of local views or sec
 tional partialities. The limits of this commu
 nication, will not permit me to recall ail the
 evidences in which our history abounds of the
 generous spirit of concession which New York
 has uniformly manifested as a prominent mem
 ber of the Federal Union.
 For more than three-fourths of the period
 which has elapsed since the adoption of the
 Constitution, Southern statesmen, elevated by
 ihe aid of her voice, have filled the Presiden
 tial office. Eveiy peaceful extension of our
 Southern territorial limits was made with her
 concurrence, until by successive steps all the
 Slave territory on the North American Conti
 nent was brought within the boundaries of
 the United States. Although every new ac
 quisition diminished the relative weight of
 New York to the National Councils, she
 waived all views of Slate power or aggran
 dizement, and yielded to the considerations
 urged by other sections in favor of annexing
 the contiguous countries.”
 A more true and humiliating statement
 never dropped from the lips of any Governor
 of any sovereign State of this Union and 1
 put it to you, citizens of New York, how
 long will you continue to manifest a spirit of
 kindly deference to the feelings and prejudices
 of Southern slaveholders? How long w.ll
 you allow youiselvea to compromise the dig
 nity of this “the Empire State,” by making
 base concessions to the ever hungry slave
 power, whose cry, like that of the voracious
 horse-leach is, “give, give give."
 It would be interesting on this occasion, if
 I had time, to enter into the causes, and the
 means by which this small knot of tyrants
 have acquired such indisputable powewjn the
 councils of the nation how they have drawn
 the reins of government into theii own hands
 how completely they have brought both polit
 ical parties le do their bidding snd how ut
 teily impossible it has been for Northern
 statesmen to withstand their influence.' I say,
 it would be interesting if we could go into a
 minute description of the causes of these
 things, for it is a marvel, until now, how
 readily every great man (iom the Noith has
 been made to bow the knee to this mysterious
 power. There is one obvious explanation ofalJ
 this. There is but one interest at the South
 I mean there is but one that can get repre
 sented in the Cong ress of the United States;
 and that is slavery. All other interests are
 cast into the shade by the colossal greatness of
 this one, and around this allabsorbing and
 all commanding interest, both the great politi
 cal parties of the South rally, and make com
 mon cause. The South is united as one mao
and nothing divert* them from the oae ooa
 mon object, which is the meiateneeee, pros
 perity, end propagation of slavery. They talk
 of their “pectiftar institute ns,” and about
 Southern rights;'* but the only thing meant
 by these eupboneous terms, is slavery.''
 For this they are ready to sacrifice th* Un
 ion," the Constitution," the fraternal feel
 ing between North and Sooth, and the glory
 of this great Republic. They make n# hesi
 tation in declaring to the world that opoe that
 question, there is but one party in the whole
 South while the North is divided, and sub
 divided, the South is united; and it is hex
 unity of action which must account for the
 success which has attended her in every
 grand controversy which has oocurred in the
 politics and legislation of this country.
 Until the North shall be as true to liberty
 as the South has been to slavery until she
 shall coase to worship the Union at the ex
 pense of everything good and g reat; until she
 shall be inspired with a true self-respect, and
 shall be represented in Congress by independ
 ent and high-minded tuen, men to whom
 Presidential honois are utterly worthless in
 comparison with sn honest and faithful die
 charge of their duties ashmen, as patriots and
 as Christians. Until then, the North must con
 tinue to be the mere cringing vassal of tbs
 South; and she must expect to receive the
 wages of her servitude, in an accumulation of
 kicks and disgrace.
Flax Cotton.
 The London Chronicle gives a long no
 ticj of M. Doulan’a improvement in prepar
 ing flax, which, by a combination of chemical
 and mechanical meant, avoids all the ex
 penses connected with steeping. The fibre
 may be prepared at a coat considerably be
 low that incurred in the present process, and
 may be made applicable either for fabrics of
 the coarseness of mail bags or canvas, or of
 the fineness of the most beautiful Brussels
 lace. M. Claussen has, by anether invention,
 adapted the flax fibre to cotton machinery.
 The patent granted to M. Claussen for Eng
 land is lor the preparation of flax in a short
 staple, so as to produce a substitute for wool
 and cotton capable of being spun tfpon cotton
 machinery, and also for the mixture of the
 materials thus obtained, which can be carded
 together with silk, cotton or wool, or separate
 ly, as cotton for spinnning into yarns. The
 right is also secured for preparing long fibre
 as a substitute for sil.k for bleaching, in the
 preparation of materials for spinning and felt
 ing, and also in yarns and felts. The Chroni
 cle jays of its practical resu Ila that from one
 half cwt. of the flax fibre prepared and
 cleaned upon the unsteeped process, one cwt.
 of a substance, identical with clean cotton,
 can he produced at a cost for material of lets
 than half a crown. The cost of manual or
 mechanical labor required in its preparation,
 including the expenses of bleaching, an opera
 tion performed in a few seconds, does net
 amount to mure than 7-16thof a penny per
 pound. The mixture of the two substances,
 viz., wool with flax reduced to a short staple,
 forms a fabric exceedingly durable, while its
 cost may may be judged by the fact while
 wool cost 4s. fid the flax prepared and
 ready for spinning may be obtained for six
 pence per pound, so that with flax and woo]
 spun together in equal quantities, the cost
 would be reduced by nearly one-half. The
 Richmond Whig, alluding to its improvement,
 says
 If it should turn out, upon further trial,
 that flax, prepared in a peculiar way, can be
 substituted for cotton, so as to enable Great
 Britain to dispense with our Southern staple,
 a mighty effect will die produced upon the
 value of property in the Southern States.
 The pneu of land and slave property will at
 once be diminished, and business arrange
 ments eiyered into upon the present value of
 that species of property, will, after they
 have matured, produce a crash that will ba
 felt over the entire country. A lesson would
 thus be read upon the mutability of humao
 affairs. The political consequences resulting
 from the change would be most important
 A considerable diminution in th* wealth and
 power of the Southern States would of itself
 have a marked effect upon their political re
 latioxs with other States—the impoi lance of
 their friendship as well as the dread of their
 enmity would thereby be decreaeed.
 The Cotton Treaty to be negotiated with
 England, which not long since, we had oc
 casion to discuss, and through which the
 Southern States were to cure all the evils of
 Disunion, would vanish into thin air, and the
 Southern States be thrown upon their own
 resources. Should flax be made to supply the
 place of cotton, then will be exemplified the
 impolicy heretofore pursued by the cotton
 States, of relying on one leading interest to
 the exclusion of all others.— Public Ledger.
ID 3 The Legislature of South Carolina has
 adjourned, leaving the Union as it was for a
 few months longer. Its session was an svant
 ful one, in “sound and fuTy.” Men in Ken
 dal green and buckram out-vapored Falstaff
 himself.
 Numerous bills, indicating warlike iatca
 tions, whre left as “unfinished buaineao.”
 There were:
 A bill to restore and secure to the eitiiena
 of South Carolina their righta under the third
 clanse of section second of the fourth artiele
 of the Constitution of the United Statea in raj
 laiion to the rendition of fugitive tlaves.
 A bill to increase the penalties fox circula
 ting or bringing within this State tor circula
 tion, any written or printed papers, print or
 engraving, or pictorial representation, with
 intent to disturb the peace or seeurity of tha
 same.
 A bill to amend an act entitled “an act to
 amend the law in relation to the harboring of
 deserted seamen.
 A bill of non-iutercourae with the non
 alaveholding States of the Union that have
 passed acts or enactments to prevent tha ra
 covery of slaves, and given an opinion contra
 ry to our policy and detrimental t* our inter
 est in regard to our slave population.
 A bill to provide a police in relation to par
 sons coming from states hostile to tha institu
 tions of ihe South.
 A bill to provide for the purchase of ordi
 nance.
Fooitivk Slavs Cask in SpßiMoriiLD.
 A man from Schenectady, N. Y. f came into
 Springfield, and claimed a black woman whs
 resided here, married aud with a family, as a
 slave. She was taken before Geo. Bliaa,
 Esq., where the claim was established ac
 cording to the law in each cases. The wo|
 man was given up as the claimant’s property,
 when several of our benevolent eilisens, in
 cluding Daniel Lombard, Esq., one of otu
 most estimable men, obtained terms, elubbed
 together, purchased hei of her master, for the
 sum of 100. Mr. Lombard bolds the bill of
 sale in his possession. The tsars of sorrew
 exhibited by the afflicted woman and the fans
 band from whom she was about to be asper
 ated, were thus changed to teats of joy, and a
 more happy pair probably never were sees.
 This is the operation of the fugitive slave lew
 in Springfield. There was no excitement, or
 disturbance. The law was allowed take he
 course.
 The N. Y. Commercial Advertiser in copy
 ing this paragraph, omits to say that the ease
 occurred forty yeart ago.
 The price of Fugitivee "is ria,” since Mr.
 Peter V. Geyseling, of Schenectady, went te
 Springfield to claim bis slave Jenny.
Rumor in High Lira.—Tbe Bor too
 Transcript ni»ea it aa a rumor, that Miao
 Caihaime Lawrence, aecond daughter of Ah*
 nott Lawrence, American Minuter at the
 Court of St. Jamea, is about to be married te
 the Marques of Grafton, the eldest son of the
 Duke of Routlaid,
"
