"Ipoetra.
THE FUGITIVE.
 Frederick Douglass: Whilst thinking over
 Um mfanw of tiM American Congress, tba brutality
 ,1 the fugitive glare Jaw, and the outcaat condition
 abut it attempt* to place its victim* in, tba following
 aoggrated themselves to my mind:
 The clouds bung dark and heavy
 Above the western wave,
 When, careworn, cold and weary,
 A poor and wretched slave
 Hit lone and rugged pathway
 With tietnbling footsteps trod;
 Though earth caught not a sun-ray,
 Hit hope was in his God.
 Where proud Ohio’s waters
 Come rushing from the west,
 Where slavery’s sons and daughters
 Had oft before found a rest,
 Ue reached a stately dwelliug,
 A family knelt at prayer*—
 Hi* feet all chafed and swelling—
 He sought a refuge there.
 O pity,” said the stranger,
 One whose misfortune *s grant,
 Whom hardship, toil and danger
 Have driven to your gat*!_
 Allay my gnawing hungei;
 1 long to have repose;
 i I pray delay no longer;
 Ob feel a brother’s woes!”
 My country’s* laws forbid me
 To give thee house or breed.
 Or cruelly they rid me
 Uf shelter to my head;
 My wife and children tender
 Would poor and friendless roam.
 If I should succor render,
 Without a house or home.”
 Hath not our Heavenly Brother,
 To whom we bend the knee,
 Said, Love ye one another,
 E’en as 1 have loved thee;
 If shelter, bread and raiment,
 I'hy brother find with thee,
 My Father ’ll make thee payment
 Thou giv’st it unto roe.”
 The earnest Christian listened;
 No longer could withs'and;
 His eyea|with tear-drops glistened,
 He clasped the wanderer’s hand:
 Though wicked men conspire.
 With pains, and sword, and lead,
 'l’her is a law still “higher,”
 Which bids me give thee bread.”
 J. C. HOLLY.
 Burlington, Dec. 26, 1850.
miscellaneous.
YOUNG MEN, READ THIS.
 A day or two since we learned from
 a gentleman of New York city a few
 facts relative to Mr. Bullard, who is
 now exhibiting his Panorama of
 Broadway in this city, which at the
 time they were related very much in
 terested us, and we have no doubt they
 will interest all who have struggled
 and are now struggling with poverty.
 Mr. Bullard is a native of the town of
 Howard, Steuben Co., N. Y. His
 father was a farmer, and young Bullard
 remained at home and worked on the
 farm until he was fourteen years of
 age, at which time the father declared
 that he was “too lazy” to make a
 farmer. When he ought (as the father
 thought) to be at work on the farm, he
 out ot shingles the por
 traUs of every boy and girl in the
 neighborhood. The father not being
 able to control the bent of the boy’s
 mind, put him with Augustus A. Olm
 stead, Esq., of his native town, to
 learn the trade of sign painting. He
 remained with Mr. Olmstead seven
 years, till he became 21 years of age.
 After completing his trade with Mr.
 Olmstead he painted some 20 portraits
 of different individuals living in How
 ard. For painting these portraits he
 received some $25. With this amount
 of money he started for New York
 city.
 He had expected to find the Na
 tional Academy of Design open on
 Exhibition, and to see the Paintings,
 and become acquainted with the Ar
 tists, and to find if possiblo some one
 to instruct him in his favorite art. He
 arrived there, and found the Exhibition
 closed, which very much disappointed
 him. He roved round the great city a
 day or two, and was unable to find an
 Artist to instruct or encourage him,
 and his purse becoming very low, he
 went to Hartlord, Connecticut, in the
 vicinity ot which place be had friends.
 He remained in Hartford one year, re
 ceiving instruction in his Art from an
 artist by the name of Hewins. After
 leaving Mr Hewins, he went into the
 country from Hartford, and Painted
 Portraits, and realized money enough
 to pay the debts he had contracted in
 Hartford for board, Ac. During the
 year he was in Hartford, such was his
 extreme poverty that he attended
 church but six times, because he had
 not clothes to wear that were suitable.
 After meeting with various reverses of
 fortune, he returned to Howard in
 1841, and was married to Miss Ange
 line A. Olmsted, a daughter of the
 gentleman of whom he had learned the
 trade of a Sign Painter. From 1841
 to 1845, he was in various parts of the
 Union, engaged in painting Portraits.
 From 1843 to 1846 he was a resident
 of New York city, and at work at his
 Art receiving instruction, and continu
 ally improving till now ha is “at least”
 a promising artist.
 In 1846 he conceived the idea of
 painting his great painting, the Pano
 rama of Broadway, and found a noble
 hearted Englishman, George Docl,
 who furnished the means to go on with
 the painting. Mr. Bullard and from
 three to seven men were at work on
 this great work four years; Mr. Doel
 promptly paid the bills as they became
 due-—in all fifteen thousand dollars.
 The painting was completed on the
 first day day of November, 1850.
 What a lesson here is for every
 young man? Is there a young man in
 our city who has felt the tears of pov
 erty rolling down his cheeks, who,
 when he has become fatigued with the
 labors of the day, sat down in his room
 by the side of his desk, and rested his
 head upon his hand, and there under
 the lid of his desk were his board bills
 and others too numerous to mention
 unpaid, and he has at those times felt
 almost discouraged and said to himself,
 it is no use to try? If we say, there is
 •uch an one, he will be encouraged by
 reading this, and glory in the success
 of Mr. Bullard. Is there not a good
 deal of difference in Mr, Bullard’s
feelings now, when he is receiving hit!
 one end two hundred dollars per dayj
 from pereons who go to look at his
 Panorama, and when he was at Hart
 ford, and could not attend church, be
 cause he had not elothes to wear that
 were decent? So it is in this world,
 “God help those who help them-1
 selves.”
 We say to Mr. Bullard as the con-\
 verted Heathen said to one of our Mis
 sionaries, goon, go on, go on.
 Since writing the above it occurs to
 us that we some time since read the!
 Life of Mr. Bullard, in the American
 Biographical Sketch Book, of self-made
 Men.— Rock. Herald, Jan. 6.
THE PROPER USE OF THIS
 POPE’S KfNDIfESS*
 We have welcomed the Anti-Papal
 agitation in no narrow spirit and with
 no sectarian bitterness, but we trust
 with the enlightened earnestness ot
 thorough Liberals, of far-seeing poli
 ticians, and progressive Protestants.
 We have joined our humble voice to
 this outburst of Protestant feeling not
 to embitter its expression—not to in
 flame its virulence, but to ennoble and
 uplift it—to purify its current, and ele
 vate its objects. Our aversion to Rome
 is not the petty hatred which sect bears
 against sect, nor the small jealousy
 which priest and prelate cherish
 against priest and prelate; it is derived
 from far broader and deeper sources
 than any party rancor or any sectarian
 bitterness. Our warfare with Rome is
 not waged in behalf of a menaced
 Episcopacy, or an outraged Royal
 Supremacy; it is carried on in the
 name of sealed Scripture and fettered
 thought, of intellect most grievously
 insulted nnd coerced, of conscience
 most heavily laden, of civil and reli
 gious freedom most outrageously and
 perpetually violated—in the name of
 three million Italians whom the Papacy
 grinds down under the lowest and most
 debasing form of temporal bondage,
 and of millions and millions of souls
 whome she keeps in the depths of
 spiritual degradation. We have hailed
 i this manifestation of Protestant feeling
 in no extremity of alarm, in no fury of
 indignation, but in all the fulness of
 hope, in all the earnestness of glowing
 anticipation. We have looked upon it
 not as a refuge from danger, not as a
 burst of passion, but as an instrument
 of progress, an opening into a fairer
 future. We would turn the aggression
 on the Pope to the detriment of the
 Papacy; we would use this outburst ol
 Protestant feeling for.the advancement
 of Protestant principles. We would
 win from this encroachment of the
 spiritual despot strength and nourish
 ment for the freedom of the English
 people, and the freedom of all nations.
 We would have England the freer for
 this display of foreign insolence; we
 would have her more Protestant for
 this onslaught upon her Protestantism.
 The warfare that we recommend,
 that we ourselves would wage, is the
 only vigorous warfare—the only war
 fare that can end in complete victory.
 It will not do to encounter so formida
 ble an antagonist as Romanism with
 feeble resources; it will not be possible
 to overcome her with half our strength.
 The contest must not degenerate into
 the conflict of rival episcopaeies and
 opposing supremacies. To be a suc
 cessful war it must be a war of princi
 ples; we must endeavor to carry out
 every principle which Rome condemns,
 and summon into full activity every
 power, spiritual and temporal which
 she struggles to keep down. To assert
 the Queen’s supremacy in matters ec
 clesiastical is not to put down the
 Pope’s; to maintain the divinely ap
 pointed authority of Anglican prelates
 is not to destroy the credit of Romish
 bishops. To beat Romanism back we
 must push Protestantism forward; to
 turn the Pope’s aggression against
 himself we must become aggressive
 ourselves. The true answer to this
 Pontifical presumption is a further de
 velopment of the principles of the Re
 formation. The Pope, in the plenti
 tude of his ignorance and assurance,
 thought to make England wholly papal
 in a few years; we trust that his foolish
 intervention will have the very opposite
 effect of rendering her Protestantism
 still more Protestant. There lingers
 I far too much of Popery about English
 Protestantism. English Protestants
 have been much too fond of dealing in
 Romish devices they have been afraid
 of their own principles, and trembled
 at their own strength; they have re
 fused thoroughly to search the Scrip
 tures, fully to employ their intellect, to
 use their whole freedom, and to speak
 all their thoughts; and yet Rome can
 be only successfully encountered by this
 thorough searching of the Scriptures,
 and this entire exercise of the intellect
 —this complete assertion of lreedom,
 this unreserved utterance of the truth.
 If the Church of England would
 fairly fight the fight with her adversary
 of Rome, and finally come off con
 queror, let her renounce the prnciples
 and forsake the practices of her rival.
 There is no practice more thoroughly
 and genuinely Romish than that of res
 training and corrupting the intellect by
 religious tests—by interposing sub
 scriptions to creedis and articles be
 tween learning and its rewards We
 would earnestly recommend the
 Church ot Englan/d to put away from
 herself this papal stain—to answer the
 Pope’s Bull by making this advance in
 true and vital Protestantism. To open
 the English Universities would, indeed,
 be a new and glorious manifestation
 of English Protestantism. To make
 admission to the Universities independ
 ent on subscription—to remove the
 barriers of articles and creeds from
 the path of able, aspiring, but coa
 sciencious youth—to make the precious
 privilege of a rich and various culture
 unconditional on the sacrifice of truth
 and the impairing of the soul-—to leave
 off defrauding intellect and learning ol
 their proper career and national re
 wards, because they happen to be
 joined with honesty and tenderness of
 conscience—to do this would indeed be
 magnificently to improve the present
 opportunity—to turn the Pope’s ag
 gression to the vindication and exten
 sion of the great principles of Protest
 antism—and greatly to advance the
 cause of spiritual freedom.
 Such 4s a sample of the anti-papal
 tactics that we would recommend to
 the Anglican Church and to 'British
Protestant* in general; not to revile j
 Popery, !&gt;ut to combat it—first, by re-
 nouncing every lingering vestige ot it
 in themselves, and then arguing against
 it in its great external avowed develop
 ment—not to assail it by statutes, and
 persecute it by penal enactments, but
 to fight against it by trusting to tbeir
 own strength, and rally carry out tbeir
 own Protestantism. The opening of
 the Universities is only one of the
 various suggestions which we have to
 offer for the improvement of this grand
 opportur' y, and for the purifying, en
 i nobling. extending, and strengthening
 jof English Protestantism. Burming
 ham Mercury.
“NO HIGHER LAW.”
 A Picture, with this title, ha* just
 been published, and is for sale by
 William Hared, Agent, 61 John
 street, New York, which will, we trust,
 meet with a ready sale, and be exten
 sively circulated.
 The subject is a personification of
 American Slavery, with particular ref
 erence to the Fugitive Slave Bill. The
 size of the wood cut is about 12 by 18
 inches. Slavery ia represented by a
 Tyrant, seated on his throne, with a
 whip, and fetter in his right hand,
 brandished over his head. His head
 rests on his left hand, the elbow being
 placed on a Bible, which is nearly hid
 by a scroll containing the words, “Fu
 gitive Slave Bill.” Underneath is a
 circle of human skulls, emblematical
 of the crushing and direful influence of
 slavery.
 Under the throne is the head of an
 allegorical wild beast, over which are
 the words, Sacred to Slavery and
 underneath the word “Law." On the
 left, beneath the skulls, are three slave
 men, one black, one mulatto, and the
 other nearly white, with a most abject
 and forlorn expression. Farther to
 the left is the figure at full length of a
 late Senator, who is in the attitude of
 speaking, with a scroll m his left hand
 in which is written, “I propose to sup
 port that bill to the fullest
 extent —to the fullest extent.” The
 skulls are looking him very significant
 ly in the face. Behind the Senator
 stands a figure representing Liberty in
 advanced years, with a desponding ex
 pression, bending and holding in his
 right hand a crown on which is written
 “Freedom,” and in his left a staff, with
 the cap of Liberty trailing in the dust.
 In the back-ground, on an eninence,
 directly opposite the Senator, a statue
 f of the Goddess of Liberty is repre
 sented as falling from a pedestal.
 On the other side is a minister —not
 of State, but of a Religion he dishonors
 —in sacredotal robes, with one hand
 puting out a libation to the enthroned
 slave-monarch, while with the ether he
 is pointing to the Union flag, which,
 surmounted with the national eagle, is
 r floating at the head of a staff at the
 side of the throne. Partly obscured
 by the rising incense are seen two
 pursuers on horseback, preceded by
 some half a dozen blood-hounps, in
 hot pursuit of a family of Fugitives.
 The Father, with Herculean strength,
 is battling with the dogs, one of which
 lies dead at his feet, another being held
 at bay, while a dagger is plunged into
 j the throat of a third. In the back
 j ground appears a woman at the door
 of a cottage with extended arms, in
 _ viting the slave-mother, with her little
 t son and daughter, to find an asylum in
 her dwelling.
 This picture will be a permanent
 j record of American slavery, while it
 t personifies the iniquitous Fugitive
 Slave Bill, that has carried so much
 e distress into the hearts of the colored
 population, and filled the white people
 B of the free States with indignation and
 j horror. It should be hung up in every
 s place of public resort, and be in the
 3 possession of every family in the coun
 t fy-
SHALL ENGLAND ASSIST THE
 CONTINENTAL TYRANTSt
 Much aa Mr. Cobden pleased his
 numerous audience on Tuesday, he
 still more delighted a still larger num
 ber of listeners on Wednesday even
 ing. It must be recollected that the
 majority of mankind take much greater
 interest in a general question than in a
 particular measure; but it must also be
 acknowledged that as the apostle of
 peace and the advocate of arbitration
 he took more pains and put forth niore
 strength than as the panegyrist of Free
 hold Land Societies. His recommend
 ation of the Freehold movement was
 practical, earnest, and persuasive; but
 his rebuke of past aggression and
 atrocities on the part of England, and
 his indignant anticipation of similar
 misdeeds on the part of our enlightened
 government was still more earnest, ap
 proached much nearer to eloquence,
 and made a still more absolute conquest
 of the hearts of the audience. We will
 not at present dwell upon his denounc
 ing of a possible war with China for
 the purpose of creating a trade; we
 will for a moment contemplate the
 much nearer danger and stronger pro
 bability of an immediate intervention
 in Schleswig-Holstein against the Hoi
 tteiners and in behalf of Denraark~of
 the speedy employment of the naval
 strength of England in conjunction
 with the armies of the Continental
 tyrants to pull down German nationali
 ty and German freedom in the Duchies
 —a monstrous abuse of the strength of
 mighty England, a hideous belying of
 the feeliogs and trampling on the
 sympathies of liberal England, which
 I Mr. Cobden most powerfully rebuked,
 I and which Professor Worms denounced
 with all the earnestness and enthusiasm
 lof a devoted German patriot, and all
 the ease, fluency, and eloquence of an
 accomplished English orator.
 Most admirably did the men of Bur
 mingham express the feelings of the
 English people in the enthusiastic re
 ception which they bestowed on the
 patriotic Professor, the intense sympa
 thy which they manifested for the
 righteous cause of Schleswig-Holstein,
 German rights and European freedom,
 and the determination which they
 evinced that the English name should
 not be degraded, English sympathies
 belied, and English power abused to
 the detriment ot their German kinsmen
 and fellow-freemen. The Queen's
 Ministers may have signed a protocol,
 binding them to support the claims of
 Denmark, and crush the liberties of the
 Schleswig-Holsteineiv, who cordially
received our admirable townsman,
 Mr. Sturge, and his high hearted co
 adjutors, and consented to abide by
 the decision of impartial private arbi
 trators. The ministers may have
 signed such an agreement; but we are
 strangely mistaken if the English peo
 ple will suffer them to carry it into ex
 ecution. We feel assured that the
 Whigs will not be suffered to put upon
 us this shame. No English treasure
 shall be wasted in the cause of Den
 mark; no English man-of-war shall
 deal out destruction among our Hol
 stein kinsmen. The noble British lion
 will not allow ita wretched self-styled
 keepers jo put forth one of its psw
 against a gallant young lion of its
 kindred while valiantly struggling
 against a savage troop of wolves and
 tigenC If England is ever so unfor
 tunate as to go to war again, it must he
 on the side of the weak, not in the
 service of the strong. If she once
 more unsheathes the sword, she shall
 at least draw it in the right cause, for
 the nations and against the despots.
 And yet these small men, these des
 picable Whiglings have pledged our
 sword to the despots—have pledged it
 in compan) with that of Greek and des
 potic Russia, of tyrannic and Papisti
 cal Austria, of Romanised and per
 verted France, in despite of free and
 Protestant Holstein. Will the people
 of England redeem this pledge?—Bur
 mingham Mercury.
GOOD. ADVICB FOR KNJOYMEIfI
 OFj A HOLIDAY.
 A* you close the door of your house,
 leave all thoughts of business behind
 you. Never mind about that bill—
 that appointment —or that tea caddy
 you have left open or that key in the
 cellaret —but surrender yourself un
 conditionally to the thought of the day’s
 enjoyment before you. Be at peace
 with all men and with all things, but
 more especially with yourself. It is
 indispensable that you should be in the
 highest good humor, with a soul above
 trifles except to laugh at them. Hold
 out a hand to the world and shake il
 with all the heartiness of a friend yon
 have not seen for many a week. Then
 take its arm and saunter forth, with
 your heart upon your face, determined
 to enjoy yourself. Look at nature
 through a smile. Let a rainbow en
 circle all your thoughts. Begin the
 day by giving something to a beggar.
 Do not imagine lie is an impostor, bul
 thoroughly believe that he is in waul
 of it, and, if your charity has gone no
 farther than a penny, you cannot
 fancy how much better you will feel
 for it. For thnt day—for the smiling
 space of four-and-twenty hours —let no
 black thoughts flit across the pure
 heaven of your mind. If a dog runs
 between your legs, if a chimney-sweep
 blackens or a barber whitens you, or
 your gloves burst, or your boots gape,
 or your creditor sits opposite to you in
 the omnibus “all the way to Mile end,”
 let no hard monosyable drop from your
 mouth, as if you had learnt your man
 ners in Cursitor street. You must be
 liberal, for meanness and enjoyment
 are two things that never yet ran to
 gether. So give the reins to your
 liberality, keeping a curb over it all
 the while, for unbridled expense will
 throw you, if you have not care, be
 fore you have travelled through half
 the day. Prudence, also, must be
 your guide,'for it will never walk six
 miles at night, because you have not
 reserved sufficient to pay for your
 omnibus home. You should likewise,
 keep a watchful eye upon the time,
 for the hours run around with two pair
 of hands when you are enjoying your
 self, and you may have to sleep in a
 damp bed in an unsavory village inn
 because you did not start five minutes
 earlier to catch the last train. Be de
 termined to enjoy yourself, anti that
 being first half of the enjoyment
 gained, it is wonderful how quickly
 the other half will follow it!— Punch't
 Holidaya.
AMERICAN HURRY.
 A writer in the Age thus discourses,
 very sensibly, and to the point:
 ‘Look at the theatre—the people
 come rushing in the middle of a piece;
 and before the curtain begins to fail,
 or the tag to be spoken, or the moral
 explained, up start a hundred people
 in a tremendous hurry to get out, as
 if their very lives depended upon be
 ing somewhere else within two minutes
 and a half. How many fine effects in
 a play—how many chef d* aeuvres in a
 concert have we seen utterly destroyed
 by this ill-mannered and indecent haste.
 ‘Cross a ferry; and look before the
 boat arrives two thirds of the passen
 gers are crowded at the head of the
 boat, ready to jump ashore, risking
 life and limb to save ten seconds of
 time—a child is knocked overboard—
 a boy’s foot mashed, or a young man in
 youth’s first bloom crippled for life!—
 what mailer! That man now walking
 leisurejy up the street, get ashore
 nearly half a minute earlier than he
 would have done had he not run the
 samejrisk, and caused perhaps the
 accident.
 ‘Ggjnto an omnibus, and with one
 lbot oft the step and the other inside,
 the driver pulls the door to, whips up
 the*horses, and you are pitched, head
 first, ipto a stout old gentleman’s dia
 phragm, or settled down by the stern
 into a sentimental young lady’s lap.
 ‘Ride in a Harlaem car—you beckon
 to the driver to stop, but no! he is in a
 hurry too, and you have to run after
 the lumbering vehicle and clamber up
 while it goes along. You ring the
 bell when you wish to get out, and if
 you are patient the car will stop in
 time,Jbut before you get your foot off
 the platform, it is in motion, and you
 are lucky if you are not landed hori
 zontally in the mud.'
 ‘Now, what in the name of wonder,
 is the cause of all this-&gt;do we gain any
 thing? No! Do we onjoy anything
 in this everlasting rush? No! Do we
 live longer, or die more happily?— No!’
Goon times at the South. —The
 Mobile Avertiaer, says the people of
 the South were never more prosperous
 since the country was settled tbao
 now. Every kind of property sells
 readily, and at fair prices, while cotton
 is selling at 14 cents, and negroc* are
 worth somejeight hundred dollars each.
 Chritiion. I
Slimtriiecnunts.
Asylia for the Sick.
 DR. HAMILTON'S Hydropathic and Analytic
 Asylum, No 217 Exchange-Street, opposite tbc}
 Orphan Asylum, Rochester, N.Y. Thia Institution
 i* now firmly estxblislied and in asKcessfal opora*
 Mon. The proprietor analytes every diseas r hat is
 admitted there, and applies the natnral and appro
 priate remedy. Although water is used ia every way
 that is applied in any eater-cure establishment in
 the United States, yet the proprietor wishes it to he
 expresslv understood that it is not relied on as the oaf*
 or principal lemedy in the treatment of disease sub
 mitted to his care.
 This Establishment is designed for that class of
 invalids who have failed to obtain their health by all
 other systems ef practice, ami are still nimble to
 walk or stand on their feet, and are confined to their
 ;beds, wearing out a life of misery and suffering with
 ’out any hope of ever being any better.
 The remedies made use of in this lostitntioa not
 only 'entirely remove disease hut give increased
 strength and elasticity to the system. Many have
 been brought here from different parts of the coun
 try, who had neither walked or borne their weight
 on tbeir fret from five to fifteen years; and some
 who have been unable to dress or undress, or even
 to feed themselves, and in the course of a few weeks
 would be walking with the elasticity of youth and
 the quickness of a pedestrian, astonished at them
 selves, and surprising their friends and ail who saw
 them when they first came. The treatment of this
 Institution is fmrticularly calculated to remove the
 diseases peculiar to females, such as t
 Ist. The falling of the Womb, in all its stages
 and conditions in patients, from twelve years of rfge
 up to sixty, and eren if they have been confined to
 tbeir beds' from one to twenty, unable to stand, walk,
 dress, or undress themselves, or even too feeble to
 bear any noise or speak aloud.
 2d. Weakness and Falling of the Bowels; Pai.
 in the Side, Shoulders, Back and Head- Spinal
 Diseases, Liver Complaints, Sinking Sensation at
 the Stomach, Palpitation ol the Heart, Dyspepsia
 all its forms and stages, Piles, Costiveness, Di
 arrbcea, Suppression of the Menses, Excessive
 Menstruation, Whites, all Nervous Diseases, Cold
 Feet and Hands, St. Anthony’s Dance, Tetters of
 all kinds, Salt Rheum, in its worst forms, Neural
 gia, Tic Douloureux, Rheumatism, Consumptiod in
 its first stages, General Weakness and Debility.
 The proprietor has given his whole attention to
 the above diseases for the last ten years, and has
 treated them in an entirely different way from any
 other private practice or public Institution in this
 country; and such hat lieen his success, and so cer
 tain are hie remedies in tneir effects on those dis
 eases, that instead of publishing a long list of cer
 tified cures, be wishes to give that class of invalids
 seeking to obtain their health a snfficient guarantee
 against any false pretensions, exaggeration, impo
 sition or deception, so that no one need be to any
 expense in this Institution without being banefited
 The proprietor will enter into a special contrac
 with any one who wishes to do so, that he ill ad
 mit into the Institution, to advance the money and
 oav all the expenses from any part of the United
 States here and back home again, liefore he com
 mences the treatment,and give a bond to lioard them,
 together with his professional services, for nothing,
 if he does not help them according to contract. Any
 one thinking the above proposition not a sufficient
 guarantee against misrepresentations and expense
 wthout receiving equal benefit, can let the proorie
 or know what wil. be satisfactory, and it shall be
 duly considered.
 This Institution has grown up from private prac
 tice by the influence of those who have been helped
 here, as nothing has ever been published before;
 and the proprietor means that it shall sustain itsel.
 by its own merits, or pay the expense of those who
 choose to make a contract in case of failure. The
 design of this Circular is not to make known the
 cures that have been made in this institution, because
 they must soon be believed; but to let it be mor
 extensively known to the poor suffering invalids
 that have spent hundreds of dollars in trying all
 oilier systems of practice, and without much or any
 benefit, and still remain confined to their beds from
 five to twenty years, that there is an Institution
 whose treatment is different from any other one tlie
 United States, and is particularly adapted to their
 situation, and can liave it cost them nothing unless
 they are materially benefited.
 From the nature oftreatmeut in this Institution,
 the nnmber of patients must be limited, therefore the
 proprietor does not solicit the patronage of slight and
 ordinary cases which may I* easily helped by other
 systems of practice; nor does he want any one to
 come, unless they wish to get wed, and are willing
 to be made well enough to walk from five to twenty
 miles at a time, and follow it up day after day in
 succession; and also willing to lie made able to en
 dure as much labor and fatigue as most of people
 that call themselves well, as he means that every
 one that goes through a thorough course ol treatment
 in the Analytic Institution shall show far their in
 creased strength, elasticity of motion, firmness ol
 texture, capability of endurance, and improved
 health, that the treatment in this Institution ia found
 ed on the natural laws of organized matter, and
 condbquently its superiority over every other dif
 ferent system of practice.
 All communications addressed to Dr. THOMAS
 HAMILTON, Rochester, post paid, will receive
 immediate attention. If requested, reference will
 be made to those who have been helped in this Insti
 tution and also good references as to responsibility
 or Jthe proprietor to meet the above expenses if,
 required.
ATHOL WATER UK E.
 THE Subscriber begs leave to call the attention
 of Invalids, especially those suffering from
 chronic disease, to his hydropathic establishment in
 Athol, Mass.
 His house was opened for the reception of patients
 past season, and it is believed offers excellent tacili
 dies for a philosophic and thorough course in hydro
 pathy. The supply of water is abundant, and in
 purity has been pronounced equal to water on a
 blistilled.” The location is quite eligible, being but
 a short distance from the V. &amp;M. railroad. The
 vicinity abounds in a variety of scenery, and has
 charming grounds for walks and rambles. So that
 with the water, suitable regimen, mountain air, and
 exercise, patients can scarcely fail to obtain the
 healthful results for which they labor.
 The following case illustrates this remark. Mrs.
 8., wife of Dea. 8., of Warwick, Mass., aged
 about thirty-five years, was brought to me las
 August. Her case presented the following pheno
 mena. If placed in an erect position, and left un
 supported, she forthwith fell !&gt;ackward to the
 ground. If being well supported, she made an
 effort to walk, either foot, tfhen carried forward,
 despite her efforts to the contrary, would cross the
 other. She had been in this condition nearly a
 year. Her treatment commenced the 16th of Sept.,
 and was continued to the 26th Oct. only, when she
 left, so far recovered as to be able to walk half a
 mile with ease. Since her return to her family, shel
 has continued her baths, with corresponding im
 hrovement to her health. She now attends to her
 aomestic duties, and with the assistance of a small
 girl, does the work of her family.
 peFatients are desired to bring three comfortables,
 don pair of woollen blankets, one pair of sheets,
 half a dozen towels marked, with old linen lor
 bandages.
 Terms, from five to ten dollars per week, accord
 ing to the necessities or choice of the patients.
 Those who are less particular in the selection ol
 rooms, or are willing to occupy them in common
 with others, will be charged lets.
 Athol, March, 1848. GEORGE HOYT.
Free Labor fcoods.
 MANUFACTURED by the American Free Pro
 duce Association, and for sale at No. 31, North
 Fifth-street, Philadelphia:
 Manchester Ginghams; Checks, Apron and Fur
 niture; Canton Flannel, unbleached; Muslin,
 bleached and unbleached, of various qualities and
 wktih i thin Muslin for linings, brown and colored;
 Bird Eye Towels; black and while Wadding;
 Cotton Laps; Lamp Wick; Bed Ticking,an ex
 cellent article; Calico, Stockings, Knitting Cotton,
 Ac. Ac.
 Orders for Goods, dr letters desiring information,
 may be addressed to J. Miller McKun, 81, North
 Finh-street; Daniel L. Miller, Tenth-street; or to
 James Mott, No. 36, Church Alley.
 A huge and handsome assortment of Prims now
 on hand. its) —tf
Colored Sailors’ Home,
 330, Pearl Street, Neto York.
 FRIENDS rf the Slave, and strangers on a visit
 to New York, can now be accommodated
 as good Board, and at as low a price as in any other
 liouse in the city. The house is large ana con
 venient; will hold comfortably seventy persons.
 Families can have private rooms, and every atten
 tion paid to their comfort*. WM. P. POWELL.
 May 11 ,1849
Palmer’s Artificial Leg.
 THIS lwauufiil, and eminently ser
 vicable limb, which has received the highest
 awards and most hearty testimonials of all the
 principal scientific institutions and surgeons of
 hospitals in this country,'in addition to those who
 have used the limb, as being in every respect supe
 rior to any limb ever before invented ia Europe or
 America, u now manufactured in Spetngfield, Matt.,
 by Messrs. Palmer, Cueriir k Henson.
 They warran enloe satisfaction
 BimiRCII.
 Drs, Hamilton and Smaeoc, of Buffalo.
 Dr. Gansoh, Batavia.
 Drs. WsasTxn and Maoac, Rochester.
 Dr. Pottik, Gorham, waars ana.)
 Dr. Hods., Syracuse «M 4 «m 1
Halste4’s Eclectic MNtcal listHitc
 ail Water-Cure EUaUlsfcaeut.
 THIS I»*it»tkm ha* bee* i» Ipntm
 during fourteen yean, for ttocareof
 Diseases, and each a* cannot be reaaoved by nwdi
 C MORE THAN THREE THOUSAND Pa
 tienta have been reetored to health aad aeenuneee
 by the treatment pursued at this Institution, wno
 could not tod relief by any other coarse of medi
 cine. Hundreds wbo had been confined to their
 beds for years, and who were almost in despair,
 have had renewed hope and cowafe when they have
 learned that others, laboring under as many discour
 agements as themsrWes, have been cnrtw by this
 treatment after everything else had failed.
 Those who are laboring under CHRONIC, NER
 VOUS, or SPINAL difficulties, CURVATURES,
 Jcc., which produce symptoms of almost all other
 diseases, with their accompaniments—as DYS
 PEPSIA, RHEUMATISM,NEURALGIA, COB
 TIVENESS, LOSS OF THE USE OF THE
 LIMBS, NUMBNESS, LOW SPIRITS, PAR
 TIAL INSANITY, and a host of other diseases
 arising from the same cause—SPINAL WEAK
 NESS, which they nor their physicians understand,
 and which medicine alone will not core—to such
 sufferers we would say, we are curing hundred* just
 like you every year. Physicians bring their wives
 and children fo have them cured—why not wse
 yourselves, and save life, time and money 1
 We are using water in all the various ways in
 which it is applied in water-cure establishments; yet
 we do not rely selely upon it, or upon medicines as
 they are generally understood and applied; hut a
 COMBINED TREATMENT WITH fiI.ECTRICITT,
 and a new mode of application which truly is magi
 cal in its efficacy, and is always sure to core, in one
 half the time it takes under any other treatment,
 allowing that treatment to be successful, which is not
 the case one time in ten.
 Female Diseases. —Prolapsus Uteri (falling
 of the womb,) Leucorrhea, [whites] suppressed and
 excessive menstruation, the diseases incident to
 that period known as the turn of life’—involuntary
 discharge of urine and injuries from Childbearing,
 which are more frequent than Physicians are willing
 to acknowledge, especially within their own practice.
 Females frequently suffer for years from the diseases
 incident to their sex, and linger out a life of help
 lessness and pain, when a few weeks’ or at most a
 few months’treatment, would remove their difficulties
 and restore them to their families, with health to
 labor, to enjoy themselves, and to contribute to the
 happiuess of otliers. This has never failed to be
 accomplished in a single instance in this Institution,
 however weak and helpless the patient may have
 been on entering it. Many have come hundreds of
 miles on beds, in easy chairs, by boat, by carriage
 and railroad, who had not walked for years. These
 ladies have walked miles daily before leaving the
 Institution.
 Such is our knowledge and confidence in this unpar
 altlled treatment far all long standing or Chronic dis
 eases, of whatever land or nature that we will offer the
 following
 PROPOSITION
 We will enter into a special written agreement with
 such as desire it, who enter the Institution, follow the
 rules and regulations, and go through the system of
 treatment, to pay their travelling expenses to and from
 the Institution, and hoard, lodge and nurse them, and
 give them our professional services, free of charge, tj
 they are not helped according to agreement. This it is
 hoped wilt pul a stop to cries of empyrici&amp;m from
 those interested in keeping patients under their own
 charge, and will be a guarantee to those worn out
 by disease, who have spent much of their substance
 in procuring medicine, and seeking reiief, without
 finding it; that here they will not spend uieir money
 without benefit, and that no false statements or im
 positions will lie practiced upon (hem.
 The modus operandi of curing Female difficulties is
 a new discovery and practised only at this Institution.
 The most helpless and feeble cases, who have been con
 fined for years, are relieved immediately, and if not pre
 vented from walking by OTHER diseases, can go ud
 and down stairs in 48 hours after commencing treatment,
 without fear or trouble in regard to their ORIGINAL dif
 ficulty. To produce t/us almost instantaneous relief,
 the patient is subjected to no pain or inconvenience, and
 m every instance a speedy cure is performed. If any
 one doubts let them select the most trying and diffi
 cult case they can find, and test out veracity and shill.
 Our TERMS are easy.
 N. B.—Any one wishing to know more about our
 system of treatment for Lung diseases or any other
 difficulty can address us [post paid] and we will
 send them an account of the Institution—Certificates
 of cure—official report of last year, &amp;c., free oi
 charge—together with the most respectable refer
 ences in the city and country.
 P. S.—Our room is limited, therefore we want
 none to apply that can be cured at home. YVe pride
 ourselves in curing what otliers are not fortunate
 enough to do.
 Communications should be addressed toll alstkd
 Hall, Medical Institute, Rocliester, N. Y., post
 paid.
 References. —Joseph Field Ex-Mayor, and
 Rev. G. YV. Montgomery, Rochester, N. Y.
JOHN D. REVALEON, Hair Cutting Saloon
 and Perfumery Em|ioriuin, 114, Blackstone-s
FREE PRODUCE STORE.
 NEW GOODS just reeired. General reduction
 in prices.
 Fine 4-4 Prints various styles.
 New styles of Prints of medium quality, usual width.
 Fine and wide Paper Muslins. Also (holered
 Cambrics.
 Curtain Calico. Superior line Chintz Umbrellas
 Oil Cloths.
 Satinets, good and cheap. Also on hand, mostly at
 reduced prices Ginghams various qualities au«l
 styles.
 Fine and heavy Shirting, Sheetings, and Pillow
 Muslins.
 Striped Cambrics. Fine 6-4 Plaid Mus io.’l
 Muslin de Caine, plain and neatly figured, all wool
 Linens, warranted free from cotton.
 Flannels 4-4 good and price low. Canton flannels
 white and colored.
 Table Diaper and Cloths, of different styles.
 Apron and Furniture Chuck. Cotton Handkerchiefs.
 Cotton Twilled PanlsJoon Stuffs. Also Linen
 Drilling Ac.
 Long and half Hose, tine and heavy.
 Knitting Cotton, varioun Nos., bleached, brown,and
 colored.
 Wadding white and colwed Cotton Laps. Also,
 Refined Loaf Crushed and Pulverized Sugar.
 Brown Sugar good quality, of various grades.
 The whole stock exclusively Free Labor Goods,
 to which the Subscriber would invite the attention
 of couptry merchants as well as his friends and the
 public generally.
 Much pains is taken by die Managers of the Fret
 Produce Association, to assist the Subscriber to en
 large the assortment from time to time.
 GEORGE W. TAYLOR,
 Northwest turner Fifth and Cherry-sti
 Philadelphia 2d mo. Ist, 1848. tf
JUST PUBLISHED and for sale at the office o
 of the Anti Slavery Standard—
 The Legion of Libert]' and Force of Truth It 1
 edition.
 This work contains about 230 pages of close
 reading; 300 eminent authorities, and about sixt)
 illustrative engravings. Price 37} cts. in muslin,
 and 25 cents iu paper tsovers. A very liberal dis
 count to those who purchase a number of copies.
 The Condition, lntiueice Rights and Appeal oi
 Women from various authors, 12} cents.
 Letter to the People of the United States touching
 the Matter of Slavery. By Theodore Parker.-»-
 pp. 120. Price 18} cents.
 Wm. W. Brown’s Lecture before the Female A S
 Society of Salem Mass. Reported by H. M
 Parkhurst, Boston. —pp. 22. Price 5 cents.
Anti-Slavery Office,
 No. 31, North Fifth Street, Philadelphia.
 A FULL assortment of anti-slavery publicatioi
 is kept constantly on hand. Also a bandsou
 variety of miscellaneous publications, and useii
 and Fancy Stationery.
 All letters relating to the business of the offic«
 to he directed to J. Miller McKim, 31, Nortl
 Fifth-street, Philadelphia. jul—tf
“Every Mali bis own Physician.”
 THE HOME DOCTOR.
 JUBT PUBLISHED, a new and valuable bool
 for every family in the country, and one that wa)
 be consulted with perfect safety. As its title pag*
 indicates, it is “THE HOME DOCTOR, or Familj
 Manual, giving the causes, symptoms and treat men
 of Diseases; with an account of the system while in
 health, and rules for preserving that stale. Appen
 ded to which are recipes for making various medi
 cines ami articles for diet for the sick room. Tin
 whole written for general use and daily|practiee, bj
 John B. Newman, M. D.”
 Also, accompanying this hook, or separate, is
 “THE HERB BOOK, a hook devoted exclusive!)
 to Herbs, giving their names, varieties,description,
 medical properties and doses, use, time of gathering,
 and many other directions very useful for every fam
 ily to know, and written expressly for family use.’*
 The Herb Book is devoted solely to Papular Med
 cal Botany, and will furnish on that point all the
 nesired information wanted for general use.”
 The two books are put up and bound together and
 contain 200 pages, price 25 cents,or sold separate
 at 12} cents.
 The symptoms of each disease we caretully given
 so that one may be recognised from another, to pre
 vent practising in the dark; also the treatment, a
 sketch of general physiology, and rules lor keeping
 in health, together with observations on their causes,
 means of avoiding deleterious affluences, and such
 other remarks as am ismnad appropriate, for both
stood*** wr t,e with great«r** to
 Jwatood'•£* «»Uy.\&gt;»
 cto. H l. ihorm^Tfe"* 4 phy^
 it with entire aoftSdeuc*
 in nil rnneru to any ownE* nwerior
 poblishedat the pries. kln eTW
 Fnaulien in thn country,and efwfffa^ k
 in* new countries and unhealthy
 •tot fail to procure n copy told hare H at »S
 bnad, in raw of tiekvtii aa they might thereby
 some simple remedy aavc aa eipeaeiee and protrac
 ted doctors bill. Whether weH or siek, each a book
 should be in every house as a safe and sun adviser
 m time of need, the direction given for persons in
 health cannot be too strictly ntteded to by all.
 The price at which the book is sold is an low that
 every family may have a copy, aad none should he
 without it.
 The book in put op in Paper binding, aad can
 easily lie wnt by mail. Postage only 64 cents to ana
 aart of the United States.
 (0- Any person sending us tn* d,Mar by mai ,ana
 pre-paying postage on the letter, shall have four
 copies sent him /Sr s fpastag*.
 Svimi in your o'derss, there is no risk in
 money by mail, it comes to us daily, and the hooka
 always reach th'ir destination.
 Four families can club together and Mod a
 dollar bill, ami have four hooks sent to oee address
 WANTED—Agents in most of the States to sell
 this work, almost every family will purchase it if
 carried to their doors. A small capital of from |M
 to #5O will be necessary for each agent. Address,
 •os tpatd, GEO. W .FISHER,
 April 1,1849. 6 Exchange-st, Rochester,N. V
H 555®j 9101
 UNPARALLED IN THE HISTORY OF
 MEDICINE
 SS THI MOST
 Remarkable External Application
 Ever DiscfTeredl
 TIME and experience have fully proved that this
 UNIVERSAL REMEDY has not its equal
 on the list of popular medicines, having been before
 the public for more than fourteen years. Testimo
 ny of the most disinterested character of its won
 deriul effects on the animal economy is almost daily
 presented to the proprietor. It is worthy of spe
 cial remark, that beside the great and extraordinary
 powers in the cure of
 DISEASES OF THE HORSE,
 in which its virtues first attracted the attention 04
 the Farrier and Farmer, and the wonder of the
 public generally, it has been successfully etaployed
 in a great variety of the maladies which
 AFFLICT THE HUMAN RACE.
 Ignorance of facts and philosophy, start at the
 assertion that any one remedy can possess within
 itself the virtue ol curing many diseases. Experi
 ence of more than fourteen years has nevertheless
 established the fact, that Merchant’s Celebrated
 Gargling Oil, or Universal Family Embrocation,
 will cure most rases and relieve such as the follow
 ing, among many others in the cure of which this
 Od bus leeii completely successful ami in which oth
 er p'etended remedies have completely failed:
 RU KUMATISM, PAINFUL NERVOUS AF
 fe-inms, Bites oi Animals, Frost Bites, Corns,
 Boils, Whitlows, Arthuia, Bruises, Burns,
 and Scalds, Cramps, Strains, Sprains,
 Ulcers from local causes, Caked
 Breasts, Contractions of the mus
 cles, Wounds, Swellings, Ac.
 Also a host of diseases
 in Horse,cand other
 animals,such as
 SPA VINS,
 Sweeney,
 RINGBONE,
 Windfall, Poll Evil,
 Callous, Cracked Heels,
 Galls of all kinds,
 Fresh Wounds, Bruises,
 Fistula, Sitfast, Strains, Lameness,
 Sand Cracks, Foundered Feet, Scratches.
 OR GREASE, MANGE, FARCY, fc, ft.
 Nuim-rous are the umiolkited statements of pa
 tients themselves,and others who have used the Oil
 of cures which in themselves appear so remarkable
 that were they at all interested in a pecuniary point,
 they could hardly have been credited.
 The celebrated Dr. Parker also writes as follows:
 Dear Sir: I have prescribed your Gurgling Oil in
 various cases of
 t PRACTICAL SURGERY,
 as a liniment, with marked success, and would com
 l mend it to physicians generally far external use ia
 all contusions, tumors, sprains, white swellings,
 and in all rheumatic affections, where external
 means are necessary. As a discutient, it is harm
 less where the febrile symptoms have been reduced
 by general treatment. In such cases, it is the most
 efficient remedy within the circle ol means uow in
 use.
 a I would also recommend it to community at large
 as a safe and powerful remedy where there is no
 general fever in all the above diseases, to be used
 freely, and to counteract inflammation in a remark
 j able manner. In bruised wounds it prevents swell
 ng, and consequent soreness in hot weather.
 From the peculiar nature of this Oil, and the
 unparalleled success it lias met with in the hands of
 the FARRIER, FARMER and STAGE PRO
 ,i PRIETOR, it is but justice to say, that of the
 great number of medicines which have been offered,
 none have been so well adapted to the prompt cure
 of Diseases to which Horses are liable; it has been
 very justly called a Complete Panacea for the Horse
 For instance, read the fallowing:
 TO OWNERS OF HORSES.
 This is to certify that I bare bad for many years the
 care of from one hundred to two hundred horses,
 and have made use of Merchant’s Gargling Oil for
 ,J two years past, and can safely say, that for all the
 diseases that horses are liable to, I never saw ita
 equal. I use about one bottle per month, and re
 eommend it to the public as the beat medicine for
 hot sea now in use. E D MINOR.
 All orders addressed to the proprietor will b*
 promptly resfionded to.
 Get a pamphlet of the Agent, and see what won
 ders are accomplished by ihe use of this medicine.
 Sold by respectable dealers generally in the Uni
 ted States and Canada.
 f Also by Post A Willis, Wm. Pitkin, L. B.
 Swan, Winslow A Yot/ne, H. D. Wads
 1 Rochester.
 H E Gaylord, Henderson A Pander son, Cleve]
 land, O.; 6 Ding A Son, Columbus, O.; Gordon
 A Israel, Cincinnati, O.; McClure A Co, Albany;
 1 Hollister A Co, Buffalo; Greenman A Smith, Util
 ca; P D Orris A Co, Troy, NY. July IS—6m
British Periodical Literatare*
 Tkt London Quarterly Renew, the Edinburgh Review
 The North British Renew, the Westminster Renew,
 and Blackwood’s Edinburgh Magazine.
 IHE wide-spread lame ol these splendid period!
 cals renders it needless to say much in their praise
 As literary organs, they'stand far in advance o
 mything oi the sort now published, while the polit
 cai complexion of each is marked by a dignity
 inndor, and forbearance, not often found in works
 of a party character.
 They embrace the views of the three great parties
 m England—Tory, Whig, and Radical. Black
 wood and the London Quarterly are Tory; tko
 Edinburgh Review Whig; and the Westmin
 ster Review Radical. The North British Re
 view is more of a religious character, haring been
 ■riginally edited by Dr. Chalmers, asd now, sinca
 us death, being conducted by hia son-in-law. Dr
 danna, associated with Sir David Brewster. Its
 iter ary character i* of the very highest order. The
 AeaUuinst.r, though reprinted under that title only,
 s pobliseed in Eng land under the title of The For
 :ign Quarterly and Westminster—it being in fact a
 mion af the two Reviews formerly republished sad
 sprinted under separate titles. It has, therefore,
 he advantage by this combination of uniting iu one
 work the best features of both as heretofore issued.
 The above Periodicals are reprinted iu New York,
 immediately on their arrival by the British steamers,
 m a beautiful clear type, on fine white paper, and
 are faithful copies of the originals, Blackwood’s
 Magaaine, being an exact facsimile of the Edinburgh
 edition.
 P*ICBS ro* 1849, (if sc mckibed rox eaxlit
 For any one of the four Reviews, #8 09 per annum
 For any two do §OO
 For any three do 700
 For all four of the Reviews, 8 00
 For Blackwood’s Magazine, 300
 For Blackwood and the 8 Reviews, 900
 For Blackwood A the 4 Reviews, 10 89
 Payments lobe made in all com* advance,
 CLUBBING.
 Four copies of any or ell the above works will
 sent to one address on pnyment of the regular sun
 icriptinn for three-tbe fourth copy being gratis.
 early copies.
 A late arrangement with toe British publishers o
 Blackwood’s Mag***** secure* to ns early sheets of
 that work, by which we shall he able to place the
 entire number ia the hands of subscriber* before an)
 portion of it can he reprinted in any of the American
 Journals. For ibis and other advantages socuied to
 oar subscribers we pay so large a conoids ration, that
 we may ho compelled to rake the price of the Maga
 zine. Therefore we repeat subscribe early while
 the price ie low.
 Remittances and eommumcatian should In*ays
 be addressed, post-paid or fr«ake«L*o tho twbld at
 EON AR D SCOTT A Ce|
 W Futon ftnN, Not Y«kJ
"
