"HO.DI.KH K OOt’UL A.»«,
 K dM.ANV. k lTom&gt;
VOL I. NO. XIV.
Th* NORTH RT.IR U pnbliibd even
 FriJnn at Mo. 23, Itnffalo Street,
 (f)ppmitr
 TEIOIS.
 Two rt dUre per u mm, adreacr. M«
 eutweripti »n wilt Iw received lor a W*i tena the*
 •it month*.
 A treniwuciti no* mcm iiij ten line* iiwtteJ
 thr*i tia’i fir hoc dollar; every »«U*e&lt;)ttf#&lt; »n*W'
 lion, tnaty.fiK rent*.
 Th object of the .North Star will he to attack
 Sl avert in all it* forme and aepret*; advocate
 L'RiVKßtit. Kv ttctTATiot; ciah tbe etandard
 of Pctt.ir M iralitt; prom He th* m n-al and in
 ttUtrluil i njjrovemTnt 'of tin Colored Pfifti,
 nrt beaten the .ley &lt;*f FREEDOM to the Three
 Million* of our CuLircu Fellow Cow»-
 T It THEE.
 NOTICES.
 yy All r n nmi a:i u relating to the bn
 m 'ttrrt of tit* p:i;*v, n**ui of eubecribere, renait
 (j k'-i, At a'loiilJ Im allreaaeJ la WItLUV C.
 Pi ell, Publisher.
 yy Agent*, ail all other* srodin* nan**, are
 reqo&lt;-«.ei 1.0 be aor irate. anJ give tbs I'M Ofire,
 th* CWify, 111 1 the State. Each Subecnlier is im
 di«Jiitrlv credited f&gt;r rn &gt;oey received.
 A iv person Rending i 1 the payment for four
 eebec.ib- to lie f.rwarded to one addreu, may
 bav« a fifth copy f .r one year.
 fjj~ All litter* aid c &gt;m nu iicaiious must lie poet
 paid.
 I.IST OF AGENTS.
 MimcHi:trTT«.—R. F. Walcott. 21, CovnHiSl,
 Ruin 1 \»t in JiViiin, N'ii Bedford; lioratio
 Fo*t*r, I.nvcll; Janie* liuTnm. I.vnn; George
 Evan*. Wurrcitcr Untrue Sp-iooer, Plvnmth;
 Ctmrlei 11. Sn'i, Springfieldl; David Lu'gle*,
 Northampton; H. Carpo’itcr, I, pton.
 Main r..—Oliver Dennett, Portland.
 Vr.R'io.tr. Rowland T. Robinson, North Fer
 risbarg.
 Cov r.cTircT.—Jonathan l.'vinard, Meriden.
 New Hampshire.—Weare Tappan, Bradford.
 New York.—Sv Inev It. Gav, 142, Nassau
 Street: Ja nes M f'n i* Smith,93, West Broadway;
 Joieph Past, Weatburv, (l*i«en County; Man' Har
 per, Albany; Elias I)»tv. Marlon; Willetts Kerne,
 Peru, Cli lion County; William S. Baltimore, Troy;
 J. F. Platt, Peri Van; J. Jefrey, Geneva.
 Rhode Isi.ahh.—Amaranry Paine, Providence.
 Pe* x 1 t.vAM —J. M. M ’Kin, 31, North Fifth
 Street, Pnilaielphia; G. W. Goine*, 8, F.xclttd**
 Pla-e, Ditto; Jl. Vadim, B. Bown, Pittsliuig:
 William \V iiipaer, Coin obia; Isaac Rjberts, Jacolj
 L. &gt;l, N orris: in, M &gt;o&lt; joinery County.
 Ohio.—'’iiristij 1 I) ma! lao i, Cincinnati; fi. \Y
 Carter, Uitti; Writim Null Harvvysburgh
 Warren C iu i’v; Si nael Brooke, Salem.
 MicHIOAV. Robert Banks, Detroit.
 sill 1 x a. —Jo P. Davis, Economy, Wavne Co
Selections.
 From the B iston Clironotyjie.
 StIIMON ON THE MEMORY OF
 JOHN QUINCY ADAMS.
HY REV. THEODORE PARKER.
 'l'ht. Mjttli. \x: 27. And wbosorrer will bn
 riu I tun i-ui, Id liiiii In' jour servant.
 [CONTINUED.]
 The little State of Rhode Island
 could produce organizing mind enough
 t organize the Potomac or the Missis
 sippi—yes, even the cataract of Ni
 agara ioto a cotton mill, but the State
 of South Carolina can manage both the
 North and the South, and make the
 whole nation turn its wheels. So the
 South gives laws, because her chief
 men turn their hau ls to politics. It is
 so in peace, but in time of trouble,
 convulsi &gt;n, revolution, like the old one, j
 then you see men of tall heads come
 up from the shops and taints of the
 North, from the oflice, the bank, and
 the shoemaker’s shop. They are born
 discoverers and organizers, the aristo
 cracy of God. They come up from
 everywhere and sit in the councils ot
 the nati »n, and control the State. Ihe
 North made the Revolution. Ihe
 South made the Constitution, and the
 South breaks it just when it pleases
 (Great sensation.) No Northern poli
 tician ever had much influence at
 the South. None has ever been twice
 elected for President. V\ e think it
 a great thing even to get a Northern
 man lor Speaker in the I louse ot Re
 presentatives.
 The South is an aristocracy which
 the democracy of the North would not
 tolerate one year, if it were in the
 North. Now it has the Northern de
 mocracy completely under its thumb,
 democrats and whigs both. If the
 South says, Go, they hasten. If it says,
 Come, they say, Here we are. It it
 says, Do this, they obey in a moment.
 Does the South say, Annex, it is done.
 Does it say, Fight, Northern men put
 on the*color, they lie lies, and declare it
 moral treason even for the humblest,
 the most insignificant clergymen, to
 preach against the war. These things
 arc so. (Great sensation.)
 Mr. Adams, 1 said, was a Northern
 man, with Northern aims, methods,
 ideas and habits, and therefore how
 could such a man, whose business was,
 as of the rest of the New Englanders,
 to gain empire over nature and not
 over men, contend with men whose
 business lay all the other way? That
 is the explanation of a great many
 Northern defeats of past times. And
 I d &gt;ubt not it will explain a great
 maiiv Northern defeats that are yet to
 conic.
 In a brief discourse like this, I can
 say but very little in detail respecting
 the events of Mr. Adams’ life.
 He was born in 1707. In 1777 he
 went to Europe with his father, re
 maining there most of the time till
 176.*. Then he returned and entered
 Harvard College. He graduated there
 with distinguished honors in 1767. He
 studied law with the celebrated Judge
 Parsons, of Newhuryport, till 17!K).
 He practised law in Boston till 17!M.
 This may be called the period of his
 education. He enjoyed the advantages
 of a residence abroad, to acquire a
 knowledge of foreign tongues, of for
 eign inode* of life and habit* of
 thought, which gave him an advantage
 all his life. H»* father* position
 brought (tint in contact with the ablest
 hi -ii of the nation. And thus he be
 came acquainted w;itli I* ranklin and Jef
 fers mi hi bis very boy hood. The three
 years spent under Judge Parsons, one
 of the most extaordinary men of New
 England, whose hard philosophy, wide
THE WORTH STAR.
learning, and exact habits of thought,
 were seldom exceeded, and more than
 that a pem*d of intense moral activity
 in America aud Europe, the character
 and objects of which claimed human
 attention to the laws which lie at the
 foundation of human society, when the
 State, the Church and the family;
 were discussed as never before, were
 the influences which educated him.—
 Mr. Adams drew in Liberty at his
 mother's breast. His cradle was rocked'
 by the Revolution. His lallaby was
 sun" by Bunker Hill, Lexington, Con
 cord, Brandywine, Monmouth.
 Mr. Adams’early attention was drawn
 lo the most important matters. And
 hat was one great advantage. In 1794
 re was appointed, by Washington,
 Minister to Holland, and remained
 ibroad in various departments of diplo- 1
 italic service, in Holland, Russia and
 England, until 1801. Thon.ontheao
 :ession of Jefferson, he returned. His
 csid ncc abroad during the formation
 &gt;f the two great parties, was of great
 idvantage. He was not. necessarily
 nixed up with either. lie was elected
 o the Senate of Massachusetts in 1802,
 ind in 1803 to the Senate of the United
 states, though not by a strict party
 'ote. He resigned that office in 1808.
 n 1803 he became Professor of Rhet
 »ric in Harvard University, where he
 emained three years. In 1809, lie
 ias sent to Russia, and remained till
 817, in various ministries. In 1817-
 ic became Secretary of State aud filled
 hat office till 1825,when he w as chosen
 ’resident. From 18*29 to 1831 lie
 vas in private life. From 1831 to
 1818 he was- in the Hbuse of Repre
 tentatives. f
 Such arc the eveats of his life. The
 10th of May will be 54 years since he
 jntcred upon public life! What did lie
 tiin at in this long course of public
 ife? Sometimes it is very easy to secj
 lie aims of men. Thus with Mr. Clay,
 lis constant and persistent effort is to
 build up what is called the American
 System, by protective duties. Mr. Cal
 h u i, on the other hand, aims to build
 up free trade, and in that respect these
 two men are exactly opposite to each
 other. One is the north pole and the
 other the south pole of American poli
 tics. lsut in these two men we see an
 other aim, and in this they agree,which
 is, to build up the institution of slavery
 at the South; and this is the main poli
 lical aim of each of these men, to
 which Mr. Clay is ready to sacrifice
 :he tariff, and for which Mr. Calhoun
 would forego free trade. There is a
 continuity of action in Mr Clayi
 md Mr. Oaliionn. At first sight you]
 lo not see that apparent continuity of
 ictini and unity of thought in Mr. Ad-j
 uns. He has worked with every party
 ind against every party in the land.—
 All have claimed, none have held him. j
 Sow he opposes France, then England,;
 hen nullification; then Gen. Jackson, j
 who put down nullification with a rough j
 land. Now he is for the United States
 Hank, against Free Trade, against Ma
 jonry, against Slavery, for the whole
 of Oregon, then against the whole of
 Texas, and now, it is said, covetous for
 Ihe whole of Mexico. There appears
 no unity in his plan of operations. But
 there is one sentiment and one idea
 which runs through his whole life. And
 that sentimeut is an intense love of
 Freedom, not for himself only, but for
 every man and woman—for every slave.
 There is an idea, also, that ran through
 his whole life, that every man, n&gt; mat
 ter how humbly born and bred, lias in
 alienable rights. These, too, are what
 I call the American sentiment and the
 American idea. Mr. Adams had them
 in a heroic degree. For brevity’s sake,
 let me cail both together the principle
 of Freedom, meaning by that the love
 of Freedom for all men, and the idea
 men have of inalienable rights. This
 is the golden thread w hich runs through
 all Mr. Adams' works. On this his jew
 els are strung,and some things that arc
 not jew’cls. Remembering this, his life
 seems pretty consistent.
 He saw very easily the peculiarity of
 the American government, that it rested
 on the natural rights of man, not on
 form, not on power, but on rights. This
 explains his adherence to the Constitu
 tion. But with him the Constitution
 was not an idol, but a means of gaining
 an end. He looked back of the Con
 stitution to the Declaration of Inde
 pendence, to learn the ideas of the Con
 stitution. And he looked behind the
 Declaration of Independence, to under
 stand and verity the ideas of the De
 claration, lie looked to human nature.
 He saw that the Constitution of the
 United Stales was a compromise with
 the ideas of the Declaration of Inde
 pendence, and while lie I nnored the
 ideas, he could not so much honor the
 compromise. He had this American
 sentiment and idea in a heroic degree.
 1 think no tnan now living ever ex
 pressed it so fully. Now a man like
 him, having a good deul of pugnacity,
 aud no great power of organization,
 would uaturally developc it iu the nega
 tive form of opposition to the wroo"
 oftener than in the form of organization
 of the right. This would especial!v he
 the case if brought into collision with
 men building up and supporting posi
 tions which contended with his idea.
 Accordingly in him the principle takes
 this shape, of what he called the inal
 ienable right of resistance to oppres
 sion. He thought the Indians were
 unjustly treated, aud cried out against
 the wrongs of the American Govern
 ment. And, when President, endeavor
 ing to secure justice to the Indians in
 Georgia, be came into collision with
 Governor Troup.
 He saw that England opposed the
 American idea, and he forgot the ser
 vice that England bad rendered in the
 (same cause, and he hated England,and
 the Commercial Policy which restricted
RIGHT WOf NO HEX—TRUTH IS OP NO COLOR—OOD IS THE FATHER OP VS ALL, AND UIL WE ARE BRETHREN.
ROCHESTER, N. Y., FRIDAY, MARCH 31, 1818.
Mr trade, her legislative policy and he*
 21 octarchy and her aristocracy. Ami
 pet he loved the English blood, and the
 English name, and thought it no small
 honor to be able to speak the language
 &gt;f Milton and of Chatham. The rea
 lon why he hated England was, he
 bought she stood in the way of free-
 Jom. He defended the right of peti
 tion in the House of Representatives as
 10 other man dared to do. He cared
 not whether it was the petition of a ma
 ority or a minority, of men or of wo
 nen, of freemen or of slaves. To him
 here was one nature in them all, in
 nan and women, in bond and free. It
 vas human nature, and every child,
 hough born of the lowest beggar that
 ;rept through the streets, had inaliena
 de rights, which aM the powers of the
 votftf, though bound into one mighty
 irm, could never take away, could not
 *ven abate, though it might ravish and
 injustly hold at naught.
 This principle it was which led him
 o oppose tyranny in the House of
 Representative*, the tyranny of the
 majority. In this spirit he exposed and
 &gt;pposed that infamous GAG LAW, by
 vhich the South stopped the mouth of
 he North. And the North was quite
 ;lad to have it stopped, for the North
 lid not want to speak upon slavery.—
 3ut though it stopped the mouth of the
 there is one mouth it didn’t stop,
 —the mouth of the pi:rae. (A general
 smile.) Take away from the North its
 lonors and its rights, and it will not
 :omplain. But if you touch the dollar,
 straightway there is an uproar. Mr.
 \dams loved the dollar as well as most
 ncn. He provided carefully for its in
 come, and he guarded against its out
 -50. He has never been proved to be
 generous —he is said to have been close,
 ind sometimes it has been hinted that
 lie was mean. He loved dollars as well
 ■is most men in New England, but he
 loved Freedom more, honor more, in
 alienable rights more, far more than he
 loved the dollars, or more than New
 England men love their dollais.
 This principle of freedom led him to
 oppose any violation of the Constitution.
 The Constitution was an instrument for
 the defence of the rights of man, lut
 only to be used as the people told
 The Federal Government was not so
 vereign. The State government was
 not sovereign. But the people were
 sovereign, and he therefore guarded
 against every violation of the Constitu
 tion, .as a wrong done to the people.—
 If Jefferson wished to take Louisiana
 by a confessed violation of the Constitu
 tion, Mr. Adams opposed it, If*the
 Federal Government wished to collect
 a revenue from it before it was a
 State, Mr. Adams opposed that too, be
 cause it was government without the
 consent of the governed, and therefore
 ivas unjust and wicked. This principle
 of freedom led him to hate and oppose
 slavery, especially in its most wrongful
 form, negro slavery. He hated nothing
 as he hated this. He fought against
 this with all his might. It was a lion
 in the path of freedom, a lion which
 frightened most of the North, East and
 West, a Hon whose roar could still the
 clergymen of the North, which could
 silence the forum, the bar, the pulpit
 and the press, which rent the Constitu
 tion, trampled the Declaration of Inde
 pendence under foot, and tore the very
 Bible to pieces. But Mr. Adams was
 ready to go into that lion’s den, and
 take him by the beard. He opposed
 the annexation of Texas, the Mexican
 war, and, wonderful to tell, he actually
 voted against it, and never took back
 his vote. (Great sensation.)
 This now was the great idea of his
 life. It was not what free trade is to
 Mr. Calhoun, nor what the tariff is to
 Mr. Clay. It was more than that. It
 was what the institution of slavery is to
 both of those gentlemen. He germs
 inconsistent with himself, and yet his
 general course is in that direction. It
 began so and ended so. In the Massa
 chusetts Senate, in 1802, he found a
 majority Federalists, and the minority
 Democrats. He stood out for the mi
 nority on the ‘27th of May, and won the
 day by putting Democrats in the Go
 vernor’s Council. That was the very
 first of the legislative actions of John
 Quincy Adams. In the House ol Re
 presentatives of the United States, in
 18511, the first thing he did was to pre
 sent fifteen petitions from the State of
 Pennsylvania for the abolition of sla
 very in tiie District of Columbia. The
 last act of his ilfe was this: A resolu
 tion was before the House, giving me
 dals to the men who had distinguished
 themselves in the Mexican war. The
 previous question was moved, a trap
 often sprung to prevent debate in that
 and other Houses, and Mr. Adams for
 the last time voted NO with usual em
 phasis —the great and loud NO of an
 old man going home to his God, full of
 the inalienable right of resistance to
 oppression, the great NO on his dying
 lips. There was the beginning, there
 was the middle, there was the end. And
 they were all three in the service of
 man, not of party, not of the country,
 but in the service of man. And they
 were all three alike.
 Somebody asked him what were the
 great recognized principles of politics.
 Mr. Adams said, There are none auch.
 None such? he was asked again. No,
 for the recognized principles are bad,
 and therefore not principles but pre
 cepts. But is not this at leant a good
 one—the greatest good of the greatest
 number? No, said Mr. Adams; it is
 the worst of ail, because specious and
 erroneous, for in that case what shall
 the minority do» This is the only rule,
 ihs greatest good of all. It waa worth
 I a long life to have said that. Such was
 his chief idea. Ido not say thee* were
 no exceptions to this. There were some
 not easy to explain.
 la early lift ha was evidently araw-
Uous of place, rank and power. I roust
 ronfH*. it se&lt;?n»#to me that sometimes*
 fie vaa not scrupulous enough as to his
 modes of obtaining influence. He has
 been censured for his rote on the Em
 bargo, in 1807. His vote in that mat
 ter mar, however, easily hare been an;
 Honest vote. It seems to me it was
 honest. Bat his defence of it I cer
 tainly cannot think was an houest de
 fence. I am not here to praise a man
 because he is dead. It is no great mer
 it to die. The Egyptians judged their
 kings more severely than American citi
 zens. I know what coals of fire are
 under my feet when I speak of this
 matter. I know that they are veryj
 thinly covered «p with a coating&gt;
 if ashes, that with the slightest
 ureath of Hartford Convention,” or j
 ‘Embargo,” those ashes are ail scat-j
 ered away, and the old fire blazes out
 (gain, in the forms of federalism and
 lemocracy come to life. You know
 he story of the Embargo. The mes
 sage of Mr. Jefferson came to the Sen
 ltc, was given to a committee, a bill
 vas draughted, debated,passed and en
 grossed, and alt that in about four hours
 —a bill of Embargo which involved
 he whole commerce of the United
 States and prostrated that commerce—
 bill which involved the welfare of
 Hundreds of thousands of men.
 In that debate, if such it could be
 called, Mr. Adams said: “The Presi
 dent has recommended the measure on
 (lis high responsibility. I would not
 consider, I would not deliberate, I
 would act. Doubtless Mr. Jefferson
 has reasons which will justify the,
 measure.” That was the worst act ol
 his public life. I could not justify it.—!
 I wish I could find some excuse for it. i
 The Massachusetts Legislature cen
 sured Mr. Adams. He resigned his
 place, and was sent to Russia, and his
 father said, Aristides has gone into
 banishment, he was too just.” Judge
 of the temper of the times when such a
 thing could be said by a man who hadj
 been President. When a famine oc-j
 rurs, most frightful diseases, unknown!
 before, take possession of human bo-j
 dies; and in times of political strife!
 may arise similar mental and inutab»
 diseases. No man who did not live in
 those days can easily understand the
 mental obliquity, the moral depravity of;
 the age, which displayed itself even
 among otherwise good men. This
 remark of Mr. Aduni3 in the Senate,
 was the worst act of his public life.—!
 Where were the rights of man at that
 time? Where was the sovereignty of!
 the people He wofttd not consider, he!
 would not deliberate, but he would act
 without doing either.
 It is a shame to say it. It would have!
 disgraced a Senator in St. Petersburg. 1
 What would Mr. Adains have said it)
 Jackson, Tyler or Polk had sent such
 a message, and their tools had coun-&gt;
 soiled acquiescence without considera
 tion or deliberation? Would not the
 tempestuous eloquence of that old mafti
 have caused the Hall of Representa
 tives to ring against such a departure
 from the first duty of a statesman?—,
 This is particularly glaring in Mr. Ad
 ams. The North very often sends men
 there who might have done this without
 any great inconsistency. Men, whose
 weakness is not in the head, but in the
 knees and the neck; who bend before
 the slave power just as the air gives
 way before my hand. Mr. Adams
 never was accused of weakness either
 in the knees or in the neck. It w’as,
 therefore, more palpable and glaring in;
 him. He was forty years old. Not
 very old, but old enough to know bet
 ter. [At this moment a heavy roar, as
 of distant thunder, was heard, and a
 partial obscuration of the sky-lights
 took place, causing considerable sensa
 tion in the audience.] I wish, resumed
 the preacher, the imputation couM !idc
 off froinffiis character as easdy as that
 snow' has slid off from our warming
 roof. But can it be?
 While he was President, Hayti be
 came free, but he did not express any
 desire that the United States should ac
 knowledge its Independence. 1 here
 are circumstances,” he said, “that had
 hitherto forbidden the acknowledge
 ment;” and he mentions additional rea
 sons for withholding the acknowledge
 ment in the instructions given to the
 commissioners to the Congress of Pa
 nama, He says he is not prepared
 now to say that Havti ought to be re
 cognized as on independent sovereign
 power. He does not think it proper to
 recognize it as a new state. And the
 reason is plain enough. The Hayti ana
 were negroes. And for us to say that
 negroes ought to be free, and were
 free, would be dangerous to Southern
 institutions. He was unwilling to en
 courage the independence of Cuba, fi&gt;r
 fear ot an insurrection of slaves, which
 would endanger the safety of slaves at
 heme. The duty of the U ited States
 would be to defend themselves against
 the contagion of such near and danger
 ous examples. When we consider that
 to imply all the means necessary to
 their security that it would be necessary
 to put down tlsc inalienable righta of the
 blacks, it becomes painfully inconsist
 ent with bis guiding principle. The de
 fence that his eyes were not yet opened
 is e good defence, if a true one, and it
 seems to me a true one. Even the great
 est do not always open their eyes in ad-
 I vance of others, especially if they are
 I not discoverers or organizers.
 There are some other things which
 must meet the censure of just men, as
 his justifying the conduct of England,
 is forcing opium into China at the point
 of the bayonet. One excuse waa, that
 the Chinese had abut themaelvea up
 from the rast of the world. But who
 told Mr. Admass, and who gave him a
 right to tell the 900,000,1100 of dm
 Chinese that they had no right to be
 1 governed by their own views of the laws
of nature But the En*li*b were
 Chnaiuu, and carried Hib.t». If that
 were true, the Chinese might well be
 fustified for refusing Christianity, when
 it came in the abape of opium and can
 non balls. He utter!/ forgot his old
 hatred of England, his devotion to hu
 man freedom, the sovereignty of the,
 people, and the inalienable right to re
 net oppression.
 He justified the American claim to
 She whole of Oregon up to M o 40.
 He did not sulhciently establish the!
 right of America thereto by the law of|
 nations and of nature, but he cut th;
 matter short and claimed the wh- le ot
 Oregon on the strength of the first
 chapter of Genesis. The argument
 here was very subtle and not easily un
 lerstood. The human race claimed j
 She earth from the command to possess
 ihc earth, be fruitful nud multiply. Af
 terwards it is said iu the Psalms, spo
 ken to the Messiah, I give thee the
 lieathen for thine inheritance and the
 uttermost parts of the earth for thv
 possession.” Here, wlmt was origi
 nally given to the whole human race,
 ivas pre-eminently given to Christians.
 Then Christ, when departing from life,
 jaid, Preach the gospel to all na
 tions.” Thus it was supposed the i ight
 r»f eminent domain was given to
 Christians. Therefore Christians had
 the supremacy by the right of emi
 nent domain.” This argument is not
 drawn out at length, but appears in
 quite early productions of his hand.—
 This notion seems also to have influ
 enced him in justifying the Chinese
 war, end would have led him to con
 tend for the absorption, as it is called,
 of the whole of Mexico. Certainly,
 for consistency’s sake, he should have
 gone for that.
 These are the exceptions to the gen
 eral rule of his life. I wish they were
 not there. Put 1 should not dare to
 stand up in this place and pretend to be
 a Christian minister, if I undertook to
 gloss over these faults, and say they
 were not there. Let us be guided l»y
 their guiding light, and warned by their
 warnings.
 When President, his chief aim was
 to promote internal improvement, espe
 cially for communication between the
 States. For this purpose roads and
 canals were built by the United States,,
 and more than four millions of dol
 lars were voted in his
 tion. Yet he was exceedingly carefuf|
 to observe the limits of the Constitu
 tion. In this respect no man was ever
 more conscientious. To hint’ the Con
 stitution-meant something, atidfhe oath
 to keep it meant something. As a pub
 lic servant he had many great qualities,
 seldom united in the same person. He
 was simple, unostentatious, humble,
 modest, and retiring. He carried the
 simplicity of a New England man into
 the President’s house. He spent less
 than a fourth part as much in tour years
 successor. The most important
 thing in it was the master 1* the house.
 The man was never eclipsed by his
 brass and mahogany.
 [TO BE CONTINUE#".
 From the Lilertj Bell, for 1846.
 INCIDENTS IN THE LIFE OF AN
 ANTI-SLAVERY AGENT.
 Few persons have any just ccncep-i
 tion of the trials and sacrifices, incident
 to the settlement of a new State. To
 be understood, they must be met in ac
 tual encounter.
 To besiege and subdue a moral wild
 erness is accompanied with still severer
 endurances. A sketch, from iny note
 book, may afford a faint idea of some ot
 them. It describes no murderous mob,
 but only scenes of every week’s occur
 rence.
 It was iu the forenoon of a cold, cloudy
 day in November, in the year 4t*42, thp
 wind at north-east, (and prophesying an
 autumnal snow storm,) that I entered a
 small village in one of the back towns
 in New England. The village consist
 ed of a number of indifferent houses,
 dropped irregularly on a long street,
 which widened at the western end into
 a broad green. Surrounding this, and
 on it, stood a gun-house and liberty
 pole, the town-pound, an academy, and
 two meeting-bouscs, besides the hearse
 house over at the north, by the grave
 yard gate. On either side of the street
 stood a gri*7.Jy looking tavern, with a
 well-stocked bar,—the patron saint of
 patriotism and pro-slavery. A few con
 sumptive maples adorned the village,—
 planted hardly within hailing distance
 ot each other, —and at this season, un
 drest of their foliage, standing as rude
 organs, oo which the mournful East
 m ind played th* funeral dirge of depart
 ed summer.
 With my valise and umbrella I bad
 walked several miles that morning,
 over rough and hilly roads, and was in
 a condition of both mind and body, to
 need, a very different reception from
 that which awaited me. Nor had I yet
 forgotten the advenlnres of the preced
 ing night, passed at one ofthose wretch
 ed country caravansaries, known by the
 name of “Meadow Hay Tavern. The
 surly landlord wanted my change,
 doubtless, the Whig doctrine of paper
 currency being at that time no part of
 my practical griefs,) but hedrraded the
 efft-ct of patronage so dark clouded as
 mine, on the reputation of his house; a
 foresight that I could not but approve,
 in bis particular ease. He finally con
 sented to keep**#®, which ha certainly
 could do, without inconvenience!© oth
 er customers; the house being, that
 l aubt. as usual, without them.
 was left to sit afooe. to eat alone,
 and to sleep alone. This had been no
 caaee of complaint, only that my par
 ’lour bad neither fire nor furniture; the
 table was almost without food, and the
 bed without comfort or clothing. On
 retiring, I had the precaution, before
A
midi toning tnrv.siiuc iL lid. llk
 net-work of the cord hud oa it a •light
 layer of straw and feathers, that appear
 ed to hare seen much service. The
 sheets, —but 1 forbear. I opened them,
 and closed them, as I now do this de
 scription of them, forever. 1 bad drawn
 their dbarmeter, but with loathing and
 disgust I dashed it out. They gave me
 another bed.
 Such a night, and mr long walk that!
 morning, had not, I confess, schooled
 me into the most felicitous frame of mind
 for worse encounters. Depositing my
 luggage in the best looking tavern, I
 went to the Post-office, and a-ked
 whether anybody in tow n took the Lib
 erator or Herald of Freedom. There
 was one, only,—a subscriber to the
 Herald.—hut they said lie lived three
 inilcs off, was very poor, and without
 influence, a common description ol
 Abolitionists, at that period.
 I next called on the Orthsdox minis
 ter, and respectfully solicited his co
 operation in an Anti-Slavery lecture.—
 He answered me, as gruffly as any sav
 age,—“ I heard of you, and want noth
 ing to do with you;*’ at the same time
 violently seizing his pen, and resuming
 his w'riting. I said, Will you con
 sent that your vestry be opened for a
 meeting “I am writing a lecture,”
 he indignantly exclaimed, “for the
 young people, on the existence of a
 God, and wish not to be disturbed by
 your further impertinence.”
 The Baptist minister was absent, but
 the tones and looks of his family, when
 I called on them, were fearfully instruct
 ivc. My stay there could not well have
 been shorter.
 I applied to the committees of both
 meeting-houses,—but it was in vain.
 For school-houses, I succeeded no bet
 ter. The tavern halls were also denied;
 though one landlord cursed the bigotry
 of the church committees, in no mea
 sured terms. They hud censured him
 for selling ardent spirits.
 By this time it was long after noon,
 and I had taken neither breakfast nor
 dinner through the day. The w ind was
 howling mournfully through the leafless
 trees, the two meeting-houses seemed
 to be scowling at me, the pound and
 gun-house grinned in derision, and the
 lank liberty-pole looked down and
 laughed., Fatigued, hungry, borne- j
 sick, and sad, there I stood, like a new
 settler, surrounded by devouring wolves,
 !ny nearest neighbor full ten miles off.
 1 was about to surrender in despair,
 when a rough and shaggy specimen ol
 the mountaineers bailed me».w|th “Hey
 there, you nigger-mnn/got a place for
 a mcet’n yetr” I told him, none.—
 “Well,” said he, thcr’s that are old
 shop ’ll hold all you’ll get out on this
 ere abolition business. You’re wel
 come to that; and if the mob tears it
 down, why d n ’em, let ’em tear.
 It ’ll save me the trouble, for it’s got to
 come down next spring, if it don't
 afore.”
 I accepted his rude offer, with a
 bounding heart, and immediately posted
 some printed notices which I had in my
 valise, in every conspicuous place in
 the village. Almost as fast as they
 were put up they were torn down, but
 the tidings flew as cn the wings of the
 wind.
 For sixpence I next filled my pockets
 with raisins and buisouits at a neigh-,
 boring shop, anti took possession of my
 building. I piled its ample stone fire
 place w ith wood, and kindled u tiie. J
 breakfasted and dined on the contents
 of my pockets, and then commenced iny
 preparations for the evening. I pro
 cured a pound or two of tallow candles,
 and a few large potatoes, (a pile of
 which lay in my meeting-house,) cut in
 halves, and drilled, composed my can
 dlesticks. Boxes, benches, and rough
 boards, furnished ine with seats, and a
 corner by the fire-place was my pulpit;
 and, by the time my arrangements were
 completed, the people began to assem
 ble.
 The house was filled with men and
 boys, some smoking pipes, some cigars,
 and the rest chewing tobacco, —all la
 boring in their respective vocations
 most industriously. The greater part
 heard w:th respectful attention, some
 even taking kindly part in the discus
 sion. A few raged and swore at my
 doctrines, hut more complained of the
 barbarous treatment I bad received at
 the hands of the church and ministry.
 At the close, 1 was invited by the on
 ly abolitionist present, to accompany
 him home. He lived three miles off,
 and owning no horse, w as there on foot.
 The clouds had all pawed away, the
 moon shone brightly, but the wind had
 changed to the north-west, and it was
 piercing cold. We scampered over the
 three miles in little more than half an
 hour. The house stood on a high hill,
 facing the west, a very old two rtory
 structure, and glass was a luxury of
 which the chamber windows had never
 boasted. Indeed, bundles of tld rags,
 and the remnants of last year s j.a’in
 leaf bats, m the lower windows, “stop
 ped many a bole to keep the wind aw ay.
 Clapboards were a superfluity not in
 dulged in, and the feather-edged board
 iing was fast “dissolving the Union”
 with the rotten timbers beneath.
 There was no yard about the bouse,
 nor a tree to shade it in summer, or
 break off the w ind in winter. Green
 brush and decayed stumps composed
 the wood-pile. We entered by the
 front door, over a broad flat stone, into
 the room where the family lived, and
 where the wife and sundry chidren were
 already in bed. A light was
 twit it was too late to think of a fire, and
 j so I hurried away, sick and supperless,
 to my room.
 The north front room was s«s«gmd
 to me. The doors were all feoee, r
 windows rsttled, and their
 curtains waved in the
 Cnimney shot away towards the slty,
ttILUOI C. SILL. Pm—ift.
 Kill 4 l&gt;K'K, f
WHOLE NO.-XIV.
liirough which whole varda of the m.!k/
 w»y might be seen. and which, b.td it
 •H*en set wwh apprnpnatr u mu would
 h»vr mailed H*rarhel^ie|r^ t &gt;pe. In
 that rtxjn, on tnat night, it certainly
 waa not needed tor purpose* of ventila
 tion.
 The bed was harder than a mat trass
 though it was nut a uiattrass. The
 covering wasof copper-plate, that sbono
 in the moonbeams like a pond of ica;
 and to dive under it, was to me, almost
 a* great a suicide as if it had been one.
 The house airorded but one candle, and
 so my excellent friend waitedunlil i was
 disposed into bed, and then took it
 away; wishing mo a good night to
 which I responded, amen—aHimugh I
 thought he must have prayed with a far
 more fervour than faith.
 Sleeping, sickuess, and shivering, at
 length brought me to the morning. I
 dressed, and went into the kitchen to
 wash. The water was in a milk-pan
 that stood on a rough wood box, and the
 towel indicated the close of the week.
 The sorrv tact was, the mistress of tho
 mansion was most unfortunately organ
 ized. The children were numerous,
 but unwashed and uncombed, inwardly
 and outwardly. The cooking was sadly
 defective. Perhaps fasting one day
 more might have led me to judge mom
 charitably; hut as it was, 1 was in little
 danger of eating to repletion. Some
 kind ot meat was fried in a spider on
 the coals and ashes. When it was
 cooked, and thd table was spread; the
 spider was removed to it, and occupied
 the place of n platter,— with the addi
 tion ofa iron rusty spoon, ofgravy tureen
 to boot. Nor was the table-linen so
 white as to suffer the least inconveni
 ence from so close contact with the frit
 ot its sooty neighbor. Indeed it would
 have been difficult to decide, which wua
 the best entitled tube ailiictcd with thut
 fashionable disease—" prejudice against
 color.’
 I need add nothing relative to the
 breakfast accompaniments. 1 hastened
 away, sad at (lie condition of my kind
 hen ted friend and his family, ifo wes
 an excellent man, and a true abolition
 ist; happy and patient under circum
 stances at which 1 almost wept. Two
 years afterward he sickened and died,
 and his family removed to a distant
 dilate.
 Such is but a specimen of much of
 the experience of those Anti-Slavery
 agents who were early in the field.—
 They have endured trials known only
 to themselves. Self-crucifixion, neg
 lect, and poverty, attended them at
 every step.
 One word more about iny meeting.—
 It was the beginning of good days ill
 that town. 1 have often been there
 since, and hern welcomed to the gene
 rous hospitalities of the best families m
 the village. County conventions have
 been held there since, attended and ad
 dressed by Tne most distinguished ad
 vocates —both editors and orators—in
 the cause. But they little knew what
 it cost to lay the foundation of the Ant
 Slavery structure they so nobly budd
 ed.
 PARKER PILLSBURY.
 Concord, New JlAMrsiiiuK.
 WORTHY OF IMITATION.
 Six hundred and sixteen cl erg} men
 belonging to the denomination of the
 Free Will Baptists—comprising, wo
 suppose, a large majority of their num
 ber—have united in public protest
 against slavery, and formally withdraw n
 from ('hrhtiau and church fellowship
 with slaveholders. The material part
 of their protest is as ft Hows:
 Believing as we do, that the sym
 pathy of no holy being in the untvers*
 can for a moment be given to this foul
 system, and that neither the principle*
 of the gospel nor indications of Provi
 dence constitute the least apology for
 its continuance, we wish publicly to
 withdraw all implied or supposed, vol
 untary, political, or moral support of
 this enormous evil. Our necessary and
 involuntary connection with the civil
 and social organizations now existing,
 which seems to give to each of us the
 character and refutation of the body,
 unless by personal public dissent from
 their errors and crimes we throw tho
 responsibility exclusively upon those
 who support the evils of which we com
 plain, renders it more necessary for us
 to announce our unwillingness to sanc
 tion the system of slavery in any man
 ner whatever. 'l'he view, thus taken of
 this subject, will render it perfectly in
 cousixtfnt for us (o give our suffrages
 or religious influence fur the support of
 slavery.
 **\V e,therefore,by refusing to support
 slavery, its principles, or its udvccstts,
 and ny withholding Christian ami
 church fellowship troni ail guilty of
 the sin of slavery, and by
 those in (Minds, as bound with tbcis,
 would wish to wash our hands from the
 guilt of this iniquity'.**— Gcms«t Ream
 gi/iW.
 Pkeivdicc. The Ua wMe and
 beautiful delineation of prejudice issarrj'iedby
 Hugh Worthington, a late English dnu»e, to
 the celebrated Dr. Pnee.
 Prejudice may be rornpsied to a mk*f
 morning is October, a SMS foes ft* l
 eminence, sod so M tbo sums* of a
 neighboring hill Bgura apparently IPf***"
 lie stature, f"T such the frfaifa* *edm»,
 throegb wbicb be is *iew*il. P»k« him
 appwsr: be g
 iho thrum edisassa towards bun lbs awe
 |llT M ib»y mppnmrh ihoy draw still
 nearer, sod #**ra««Tdi*anr appearance m
 irndtisily but sensibly diminished, sod si bit
 ihfv nuvH, *ud perfcsf* the person whom be
 ha i taken far a monster, proven to b* bis own
 brut her.
 Johv B. OotMiM, the well-known
 advocate of temperance, is kctwruig
 to New York.
"
