"Fifitin Sine Fair.
 The North Star Association of Ladies will
 •pen Fair on the 14th of February, 1851,
 to assist the Committee of Tnirteen in aiding
 and defending such pereona ae may be arreeted
 as fugitive slaves.
 The Ladiee of thia Aaaociatiou (awate
 that a very great amount of funda will be
 accessary to effect the object of the Com
 mittee) feel it their indiapenaable duty to
 render all the aasiatance in their power.—
 They therefore purpoae holding a fair, the
 proeeeda of which will be to aid the Commit
 tee in accomplishing the design of their for
 mation.
 The Committee hare pledged themselves
 to seonre for those who way be arrested un
 der the present wicked and abominable law,
 such defence as'the law may provide and in
 order to do this, they must be provided with
 the neoesaary means, that they may be pre
 pared whenever there is an ocoaaion for
 aetioo.
 All who are friendly to thia design, are
 earnestly solicited to contribute. Anti-elavery
 friends! you have sympathy for the subjects
 of the atrocious fugitive law. It is] hoped
 you will lend your aid to defend them. The
 Association believe it unnecessary to urge
 this appeal; there is ami-slavery feeling
 enough to assure them that it will be favorably
 responded to.
 Donations, either is money or goods, will
 be thankfully received by the following ladies,
 who have been appointed a committee to re
 oeive contributions; also by the Directress
 and Secretary Mrs. Annette Porteau, 894
 Second Street; Frances Essex, 158, Crosby
 street; Sireno Downing, 4 Temple etreet;
 Eliza Berrion, 68 Hall etreet; Miss Marie M,
 Degrasee, 11'York street.
 EMELINE BASTIEN,
 Directress, Albany street.
 Fanny Tompxins, Sec., 180 Church st.
North Star Fair.
 Th* North Star Fair Association
 will hold their Annual Fair for the North
 Star Newspaper during Anniversary week in
 May next.
 All who are desirous of sustaining that
 paper are respectfully solicited to contribute.
 The Association consider it an efficient Anti-
 Slavery agency—-one which aims a death
 blow at the foul system of slavery and now
 is the time its power should be felt. Slavery
 is oppressing us on every side, and we must
 be ptepared for battle. Our only weapon is
 Truth, and the North Star is well calculated
 to wield it. It can and will combat the
 enemy on every aide, and therefore ought to
 be sustained. Then let us sustain it! The
 ladies of this Association are determined to
 exert their influence in its behalf.
 Donations, either in money or goods, will
 be thankfully received, and may be forwarded
 to the Directress nr Secretary.
 EMELINE BASTIEN,
 Directress, 6 Albany street.
 Fanny Tohyxins, Sec., 180 Church st.
May next
An Incident.
 Washington letter in the Evening Post
 narrates the following incident, which took
 plaee st the capital of the freest and greatest
 country on earth
 As the cars were departing for the Balti
 more station, on Thursday evening, my atten
 tion was culled to an occurrance which was in
 some degree parallel to to Long’s case, and
 deserves to be made public. A respectable
 flee colored man, in appearance, had been
 serving as waiter st one of the city hotels.
 He had recently come from Baltimore. There
 was no question of his freedom, none as to hts
 character, but he was “informed upon” as a
 fellow who was seeking to earn his own
 bread by he nest industry forty miles from hie
 birth-place. He was arrested and the offence
 proved.
 He was ordered to give bonds in one thou*
 •end dollars tor his good behavior, or to leave
 the place in twenty-four hours. But like
 many other respectable men, lie could get no
 body to bind himself in the penal sum of one
 thousand dollats, to.insure the corporation,
 the people of Washington, for the good health,
 food conduct, and success of this black man.
 Ie sotrowfully took up his bundle and went
 to the Baltimore cars, to shake off the dust ot
 hie feet against the place. But he was there
 met with the information that he could not
 enter the cars to leave the District, unlew he
 gave bond for a thousand dollars, with two
 •ufficient securities, that he was not a slave.
 Here was another illustration of the advanta
 ri «f being in the freest country on earth.
 thousand dollars to stay, a thousand dollars
 to go, and the poor object of so many alien
 lions with not half so many cents. Impris
 onment, ie, 1 believe, the penalty for non
 compliance with one or the other demand
 What was the iwue of his difficulties, 1 d
 not know
Shockin Effects of Intemperance.—
 Woodrow MeMurray, who seventy years of
 age, together with his son William, lived in
 the northern corner of our town, called the
 Irish Settlement, was, on Saturday last,
 about noon, found dead in hit bed, with marks
 of violence about his person, indicating that
 be died by the hand of violence. His son
 Willisn was also found lying dead drunk up
 on the hearth. There was no appearance of
 having been any fire in the house for many
 boars. The father and son were both of in
 temperate habits, and it is known that they
 had procured a jug of whiskey on the after
 noon of tba man’s death. The last time he
 -was aatn at the door of his house, just at dark
 on the evening before be was evidently in
 toxicated. There was marks of blood upon
 tha floor, which had apparently swept with s
 broom, found lying under the table, and also
 some blood upon the bed. William says he
 did not strike or injure the old man, that he
 does not know anything about the matter.
 After an examination he was committed to
 tbo county jail, to await his uial foi parricide.
 A sad New Year’s day to the prisoner—
 and wera wa io his place, we should deem it
 a acfirce less sad New Year to the person
 who sold the somihe liquor, which, whether
 the son be guilty or not, must oertainly have
 lolled the father.
Recorder of Memphis Murdered. —Mr.
 John A. Chester, the City Records! of Mem
 phis, Tenn., was shot and instantly killed by
 a negro, on tha Ist inst. The negro exhibit
 ed a paper,purporting.to bo certificate of
 bis freedom, which be wished countersigned
 by the Mayor and Recorder, but on examine-
 Boa it was discovered to be a forgery. Mr.
 C. being satisfied that tha negro was a runa
 way, was in the act of conveying him into his
 office for sale-keeping, when he turned, and
 with a double barrel pistol inflicted the mor
 tal wound, wh ch resulted in his death io the
 eoorsa of a fow minutes. The negro, after
 eommuting the deed, acknowledged that he
 was a slave. He was taken out by the exas
 perated crowd and immediately hung. Mr.
 Chaster’# son, a young mansighteeo years of
 age, was reodered a raving maniac on view
 ing tha lifalaas body of hia father.—Charles
 ton Courier.
Tn Mind.—The mind has a certain vege
 tativa power, which caonot be wholly idle. If
 it is not laid ootand cultivated into a beautiful
 gaxdeo, it will of itself shoot up in wstda or
 flewen of wild growth.—Noe*. Democrat,
$1 )t No rtlj Star.
ROCHESTER, JANUARY 53,1031.
11/ The Bth Lbctuxx of the series will
 be delivered by Frederick Douglass, in Co
 rinthian Hall, on Sunday evening, Jan.96th,
 at 7 o’clock. The public are respectfully
 invited to attend.
ET The friends of the North Star,”
 whose subscriptions are now due for the
 Fourth Volume are most respectfully but
 earnestly reminded thalthis is a time when
 their subscriptions are much needed, and ought
 to be paid, as it ia exceedingly important to
 the well-being of the paper that it should paw
 into the new year unincumbered by -debt*
 which were necessarily incurred in the old
 year. Pay your dues —give us a generous
 support, and we will make the North Star”
 a paper ot which even a white man need not
 be ashamed.
 D 7 Will our Rochester subscribers have
 the kindnew.to leave their subscriptions for
 the present year of the North Star” at our
 office at an early period
 try Our British friends are respectfully
 requested to forward their subscriptions, for
 the present year of the North Star,” to
 Mrs. Henry Richardson, 6 Summer Hill
 Grove, New-Caatle-on-Tyne.
The two first lectures, delivered bf Fred
 erick Douglaw in Corinthian Hail, Rochester,
 are now published [in one pamphlet; it is got
 up in a very superior style, and may be had at
 the North Star Office." Price one shil
 ling each, or 10 perhnndred.
Ballard’s Panorama ia atill on exhibition in
 this oity, at Minerva Hall. See advertiaemeti
 in another column.
B 7 We have been compelled by our con
 stant attendance upon public meetings to omi
 our intended strictures upon the Syracuse
 Conventiou. Our readers will see in this pa
 per the resolutions and addrern to whioh man}
 of the members of the Convention took ex
 ception, and which finally led to a separation
 of the Convention without finishing the busi
 new legetimately before it.
D3* We have received another letter from
 Wm. W. Brown, who is now in Scotland,
 but too late for this number. The friends o
 the hunted fugitive will rejoice to know tha&gt;
 Wm. and Ellen Crafts are in company with
 Mr. Brown, and that a friendly interest is be
 ing taken in theii welfare. A letter fron
 Mr. Brown was published in last week's pa
 per without his signature. The paper wen
 toptew before we saw the omiwioo. Mi.
 Brown may feel awuied that his letters an
 always welcome to a place iu the columns ot
 the North Star.”
A Fair for the Fugitives.
 Our readets will observe, by a notice it.
 another column of the North Star, that the
 ladies of the North Star Association,” it
 the city of New York purpoae to open a Fair
 on the 14th of February, the proceeds t&gt;
 which are to be devoted to the defence anti
 proteetion of fugitive slaves who may be ar
 rested in the citj of New York under that in
 human and atrocious enactment, the fugitive
 slave law.”
 We rejoice to see this movement, on the
 part of the ladies of that Association. Money
 is absolutely needed for this purpose. From
 present appearances there is a deierminaliei&gt;
 on the pan of the alaveholdera to avail them
 selves of this inhuman Saw, to thy fullest
 ixtchi,” and we may be but just upon the
 threshhold of distress and suffering from thie
 slave-catching business. Let the Fair be
 held, and let every aasiatance which money
 can procure be afforded to those who may be
 arrested under this law.
 It will be seen that the excellent ladies en
 gaged in this noble effort, are the seme wh&lt;
 held ao successful a Fair last Spring in Nev
 York, in aid of the North Star," and wh
 intend holding another Fair for ttys earn
 purpose, during week in May
 next.—r. d.
Seventh a nnnal Meeting oI tbo Western
 IV. Y. Anti-Slavery Society*
 The members and friends of this Sooiet)
 met in Irving Hall on Thursday, Jan. 16th,
 at 10 o’clock A. M.
 Benjamin Fish, the President of the So
 ciety. took the Chair; and the meeting wa&gt;
 further organised by the appointment of Julia
 Griffiths and Sarah C. Burtis Secretariss.
 Frederick Douglass, Abby Kelly Foster
 Abigail Bush, Amy Post, and Asa Anthony
 were appointed a Business Committee.
 While the Committee were out, preparing
 business for the meeting, Hiram Wilson o
 Canada made some interesting remarks abou
 the fugitives in Canada, their present suffer
 ing condition, notwithstanding the kiodnes&lt;
 of the people there manifested in their behalf
 Mr. Wilson expressed ,an earnest hope tbs
 something could be done for them by th«
 friends of the slave in thia vieinity.
 Frederick Douglass, from the Businas*
 Committee, here reported a series of resolu
 tions, which were received.
 Resolved, Thst American slavery is a sin
 of the first rank, a flagrant outrage agaiost
 human nature, a violation of the first princi
 ples of justice, a mockery of our professedly
 free institutions, a fool disgrace and scandal,
 and that it ought to be immediately and uncon
 ditionally abolished.
 Resolved, That slavery ia not exclusively
 an institution of the South; but that it is
 also an institution of tba North, and of ibe
 West, and of the whole United States, involv
 ing in a common guilt and shame, the tshoU
 American people.
 Resolved, Thst slaveholding can never be
 defended upon any principles but such as are
 in accordance with theft, robbery, pitaey
 and murder, and that the faet that slavery
 openly defended, by professed ministers of the
 gospel, from the American pulpit, implies a
 blindness of moral vision, a desdnosa of sen
 sibility, a perverseness of spirit, and a prone
 ness io evil, which must shock and alarm
 every man wbo teals an intelligent interest in
 the moral and teligoo* well-being of the
 nation.
 Resolved, That we regatd with the fnlleet
 measure ol detestation and scorn the recent
 murderous threat of Millard Fillmore, that he
 is determined to exeeule the inhuman enact
 ment of Congress, for the recapture of fugi
 tive slaves, even at the point of the bayonet;''
 and that, notwithstanding tbits throat, we
 shall never refuse to give bread or shelter to
 the panting fugitive, nor to use any means,
 consistent with Christian prineiplea, to hide
 the outcast,” and to deliver the spoiled out
 of the hands of the spoiler.”
 Resolved, That each individual man ia
 the rightful owner of” eyes, hands, or pm w,
dimensions, Menses, affections and passions”
 with which be haa been endowed by hia
 Creator, and that no law, constitution, nor
 compact, can aver invalidate or destroy
 this natural and inherent self ownership.
 Resolved, That he who attempts, under
 the fugitive slave taw, to enslave a fellow
 man, does, in that act, disregard the very
 principles of justice, by which as a man his
 own life and liberty are secured to him, and
 if he should be struck down or shot down by
 his victim in such an attempt, the common
 sense of mankird could pronounce hut one
 judgment upon his fate, (via.) it served the
 villain right.”
 Resolved, That the Constitution ot the
 United States, according to the popular inter
 pretation of that instrument, and the uniform
 practice of the government under it, is a
 slaveholding compaot, and that he who swears
 to support that eompact, agreeing with that
 interpretation of it makes himself a partner in
 the criminality of slaveholding, and ought not
 to be regarded consistent as the advocate of
 emancipation.
 Resolved, That while we rejoice at the
 manly stand taken, last winter in Congress,
 by William H. Seward, John P. Hale, S
 P. Chase, Horace Mann, J. R. Giddings,
 Thaddeus Stevens, Charles Durkee, and other
 noble friends of freedom, who eloquently op
 posed the extension of slavery and the enact
 ment of the horrid fugitive slave bill, we are,
 nevertheless, impelled to the oonclusion, that
 they are shorn of their moral strength, and
 are rendered comparatively powerless in the
 presence of slaveholders, while they solemnly
 swear to respect the alleged pro-slavery com
 promises of the Constitution.
 Whereas, strenuous efforts are now being
 made, by pro-slavery priests, and corrupt po
 liticians, in this State, and elsewhere, to pul
 down anti-slavery agitation, and to give peace
 and quiet to this guilty country, and, where
 as, we believe that that agitation is founded
 on the principles of eternal justice, and iu the
 noblest sentiments of the human soul; and,
 whereas, to cease from that agitation is to dis
 regard those principles and sentiments, to
 prove traitors to God and to man, and to havt
 more than three millions of our countrymen
 in chains, upitied, unwept and uucared for;
 and, whereas, peaceful emancipation can be
 secured, in this country only by changing the
 moral sentiment of the people on the subject
 of slavery; and, whereas, this change can
 alone be effected by the patient and persever
 ing enforcement of the great principles ol
 justice, religion, and morality upon the un
 -lerstanding and the hearts' of the people,
 therefore,
 Resolved, That the members of this So
 oiety, do pledge themselves to renewed exer
 ons in piomoting the apead of anti-slavery
 principles in Western New York—the as
 sumed and natural field of labors, and that
 they so highly approvs of the proposition ol
 the Executive Committee, to employ one or
 more agents to lecture in this region.
 Resolved, That as an earnest of onr sin
 cerity, and determination to encourage the
 hearts, and to strengthen the hands of the
 Executive Committee of this Society, we
 proceed at once, to raise three hundred dol
 lars, and to place that sum kt their disposal.
 The meeting was then addressed by Ste
 phen S. Foster. He expressed his deep
 regret at the small degree of interest mani
 fested in this community on the subject of
 slavery. He had not attended a meeting in
 two years where eo few were present as on
 this occasion. Among the many reaaons al
 leged for the apparent coldneas and deadness
 of the community on the subject of slavery,
 wore some which bore hard upon the aboli
 tionists of this region. He declared that they
 bad not exerted themselves at they ought to
 have done that the fault was in them and
 experience showed that where there were no
 agents In the field, there would be little inter
 est iu the cause. “Where no teed is sown,”
 said he, “no harvest can be expected.” It
 ia impossible to keep up anti-slavery feeling
 in the community without agents. The tre
 mendous influence of the olergy iu this local
 ity, ia constantly operating against the anti
 slavery movement and unless there are
 agents in the field, it is utterly impossible to
 keep up anti-slavery feeling. Mr. Foster
 referred to the decline of anti-slavqry liberal
 ity in supporting agents, and in sustaining
 the anti-alavery press, and commended the
 example of the American Anti-Slavery So
 ciety, fourteen yeara ago, in sending out sev
 enty agents. It waa impossible to have pioa
 perity where there waa no investment. Men
 must give to the anti-slavery cause to become
 interested in that cause. It takes much,”
 he said, 11 to make a genuine abolitionist.”—
 He made reference to negative abolitiomsm-;
 and pcinted out the difference between talking
 and acting. We need,, to commence with
 eelf-examinaiion among ourselves. As in the
 church they commenqp revivals with confes
 sions, so we need to oonfess. We need a
 naw baptism—a new consaoration. Every
 abolitionist ought to feel as if his own dear
 fnends were in slavery. The plea that we
 are few in number, is no excuse. There sre
 enough present, if but in earnest, to shake
 &gt;ha laaji. Think of that one voice which
 •sued forth from an obscure garret in the
 :ity of Boston, twenty years ago. Thai
 *oiee re-echoed through every valley of the
 South, and filled the nation with alarm, and
 tauaed a price of five thousand dollars to be
 offered for the head of W. L. Garrison, li
 is not so much what is taid, as the manner in
 which we say it. The people do not care fm
 nere profession. It is pottles*. Our ac
 tions, not our words, are the true test. We
 ire not aware what we can accomplish, if we
 determine. The mere not voting, not joining
 a pro-slavery church, does not entitle a man
 *o the name of an abolitionist. The tnau who
 sees his neighbors heuee on fire, and refrains
 from assisting to put it out on the plea that he
 did not aet it on fire, nor make it burn, ia juai
 aa culpable as the incendiary. For one, I am
 determined to be' heard; and if the people
 will not come to me, I will go to them. I
 start with tho idea that thie community shall
 be converted to anti-alavery,” said Mr. Fos
 ter. Some men will preach if men will
 hear: but I am a preacher who will preach
 whether men will hear, or whether they
 will forbear.” Mr. Foster’s remarks were
 listened to with deep interest by the audience.
 Frederick Douglass expressed his gratifica
 tion at the remarks of Mr. Foster. He aaid
 that the smallness of the number who had as
 sembled was to be accounted iu by the almost
 impassable slate of the roads leading to the
 city; and another reason tps the want of or
 ganisation among abolitionist*. The feet ia,
 that the Western N. Y. Aqji-Slavery Soeiety
 aa an organisation, is littlo better than a name,
 and very few feel any degree of responsibility
 in regard to its existence or usefnlooae. Mir.
 Douglass base called for the reading of the
 Annual Report, as the best index to the real
 state of the Society. The reading of the
 Report waa postponed until the afternoon.
 The morning's eoeetoo was timber ooeu
 pied by remarks from Hiram Wilson tod
 Stephen S. Footer.
 Mrs. Foster suggested that t plan far action
 wsi desirable to be diacuscnd tl titit IMtttag
rather than fundamental principles. Never
 had theie been each a time for action as now.
 The fusion of politicul parties—there being
 no Whigs, no Democrats, no Fiee Soilers,
 all remaining uncommitted!—make it com
 paratively easy to mould the public mind.—
 She declared that the abolitionists, ibough
 small in number, were the roost important
 body in ibe nation, and alluded to the remarks
 of Messrs. Calhoun, Clay and Webster in
 which they say that the abolitionists must be
 put down. This little handful of fowstiss
 had endangered the Union, thrown the politi
 cal parties and churches into coofua'on, and
 that by laboring faithfully before the next
 Presidential campaign, we shall hare the sat
 isfaction to see in ibe field bat two organisa
 tion*—one under the black flag of slavery,
 and one under the greyish white of liberty.
 Our duty is to gain all we can for the highest
 position—“ No uoioif with slaveholder.”
 She exhorted us to work while it is called
 day.” The Liberty Party, aha said, had
 vanished,'as she expected it would do, as all
 small political organizations were in due time
 swallowed up by the larger ones, The pres
 ent Liberty paily, ueder Gerrit Smith, is not,
 strictly speaking, an anti-slavery party, but
 has nineteen reforms to effect, of which anti
 slavery is one. Tha. party has no agents,
 and only occasional meetings. A large Held,
 therefore, is now open for the Western N.
 Y. Anti Slavery Society. We may secure
 aid from the members of all parties.
 Mrs. Abigail Bush arose tcmake snexcuse
 for the ministers of Rochester. She said
 that the ministers were engaged in other good
 things—Bible, Missionary, aid Tract enter
 prises, and other benevolent sbjecta. It was
 true that the churches geneally were closed
 against anti-slavery meetingi, but that we are
 no longer deprived of the ueana of reaching
 the public ear. Corinthian Ball (a very com
 modious one) has been reportedly crowded on
 Sunday evenings, to hew addresses from
 Frederick Douglass.
 S. S. Foster inquired wist were the anti
 slavery resources of this eity l whether means
 could be found to fur nidi agents for going
 through this section of esuntry l He refered
 to the bill, now before the Legislature, pre
 sented by Mr. Coffin
 The Annual Reptrt was then read by
 Mrs. Burtis, and war accepted.
TUIBDAI EVENING.
 Resolutions were gain read by Frederick
 Douglass.
 Mr. Foster then iddiessed the meeting.
 He said the atmoeihere of Rochester was
 heavy, exceedingly heavy, difficult of res
 piration s torpor seemed to have hung over
 this meeting, 1 lave had,” (said he,)
 since I came here,no ease, no fluency, no
 flowing of spirit.” Be did not know what
 plan it would be netessary to devise, He
 however, believed th* there must be a storm.
 Thunder and lightnag alone can purify this
 atmosphere. MoßALthunder is required to
 purify the public mild. He was persuaded
 that no oidinary applances could answer the
 purpose. It was pueible that even a moral
 earthquake would be necessary to awaken the
 people from their apathy. Had thare been a
 crime committed in Rochester, the crime of
 murder, your city would have boiled with
 excitement. Now, all is calm and quiet.—
 But ia there no crime l no cause of alarm
 He would sooner take his place with Piol.
 Webster in judgment than with the ministers
 of this ciiy. He said, the abolitionists were
 on terms with murderers, and to be ou such
 terms offaiimacy was to be accessory to
 mutder. iis had always had the satisfaction
 to be calkd an odd man, a fanatic, because he
 had alwajs regarded the term* of fellowship
 with protlavery people impossible for a Chris
 tian. Hr had been called an infidel. What
 isaninSftel? One who disobeys God—no
 faithful faithless. The American church is
 an infidd bedy. Mr. Foster here portrayed
 the aboainations of the fugitive slave law,
 and thegwful condition of the women in sla
 very. lie regarded the people of Rochester
 to be ai guilty aa those of South Caiolins
 and Getrgia, and he would arraign them on
 the charge of infidelity, and immorality, as
 much deserving a plsce in the States Prison,
 at Auburn, as the vilest prisoner ever sent
 there. He was a peace man, and he believed
 in the icriptuTe that exhorteth, aa far aa in
 you lieih. if it be possible, live peaceably
 with all men.” But his doctrine was, first
 pure, tken peaceable." ”We have no right,
 (said be,) to be at peace with the ungodly.
 To be at peace with wicked men is to be re
 deem to Christianity,”
 Wefhave not entered into the wrongs of
 the slare as we ought to enter into them.—
 Revenge finds little lodgment in the bosons of
 the colored people, or they had long since
 been free. Mr. Foster continued in a strain
 of the most pointed denunciation of the hy
 pocrisy, wickedness and guilt of the American
 church in respect to slavery, and only desired
 that men should place themselves in the con
 dition of the slave to see the conduct of the
 church in the seme light with himself.
 M. D. Codding ststed some fsets relative
 to the Rev. Mr. Mcllvaine’s sermon on the
 death of General Taylor, in which the Rev.
 gentleman regards (among other things) the
 death of General Taylor as s judgment on the
 nation for their unfaithfulness io their consti
 tutional obligations thst Rochester bad been
 guilty in this particular, in that she had not
 return ed to bondage the three hundred fugi
 tives who were here
Meeting adjourned until half-put six.
 On re-assembling, the resolutions before
 the meeting were again read by F. Douglau.
 S. S. Foster submitted a resolution in de
 nunciation of religious ud political editors
 who were in favor of the fugitive slave bill,
 classing than with pick-pockets, pirates and
 assassins. Mr. Foster made a long and
 powerful speeoh, in support of his resolution.
 He was followed by Mr. Ptekard, on the
 same side. Rev. Mr. May dissented from
 the views of the previous speakers. He saw
 to advantage in calling a slaveholder a pick
 pocket, and the like names. His philosophy
 difiered entirely from that of Mr. Foster and
 Mr. Piokard. Hie wont thing that a slave
 holder could be called was a slaveholder. Mr.
 May illustrated his method of dealing with
 such offenders by several very striking anec
 dotes of his own experience, in which he had
 avoided the u:» of every hanh epithat, and
 yet had produced the desired impression on,
 the mird. He relied more upon a faithful
 dseoription'fef the crime of the offender than
 upon the epithet by which that crime wu char
 •denied. Mr. May glaooed at the greet it
sponsibility of editors, and dwelt with muck
 powt upon ibe course pursued by tfee Syra
 cuse Star in respect to the late Convention.
 He said that that paper bad recommended tbs
 prosecution and punishment of the officers o
 that Convention.
 Frederick Douglass was glad that this dis
 cussion had taken this turn the manner o
 advocating the cause of the sieve waa of gresi
 importance. The very best instrumentalitiei
 ought to be need in aoch a cause. There
 was, however, no absolute and unvarying
 rule by which tor determine the matter. The
 silvery mildness of Mr. May, and tbs scath.
 ng denunciation of Mr. Foster were alike
 esseutial to the success of this cause. Wher
 men will consent to have their conduct ex
 amined, and are disposed to reason, epitheti
 are unnecessary, but when they are proud ol
 their utter indifference to the enslavement ol
 mankind, and do actually glory in their own
 shame, then we need fire as well as light.
 Epithets are necessary then in such cases.
 The very impression which they produce is in
 dispensable to the salvation. I therefot*
 ses woik for both my friends;” (said he,)
 the rough battle-axe of brother Foster, maj
 bo used with effect in the same field with thi
 smooths silver blade of brother May.
 Mr. Foster again explained his views, and
 quoted largely from the 23d of Mathew, ic
 support of his method of dealing with pro
 slavery sinners. He said that the men ol
 Rochester were walking corpses, and thal
 nothing short of thunder and lightning would
 rouse them.
 FRIDAY MORNING.
 The meeting commenced by the Rev. s. J.
 May proposing and leading a series of reso
 lutions, which were adopted.
 A resolution, on the necessity of immsdi
 ste action, was read by F. Douglass, who
 added a few remarks on the subject. He wai
 followed by the Rev. S. J. May, who exhorted
 the meeting to remember the immense in*
 portance of the present crisis. '#4
 Mr. Milo D. Codding next addressed the
 audience; beseeching them to use the present
 time aright. Now, ifever,”*be said “Anti-
 Slavery effort will pay.” Political parties were
 broken up. It is an indisputable fact that the
 slaveholders now beatow more loud and cloth
 ing on their slaves, than they used to do a few
 years ago this was owing to the abolition
 ists, and should be one ground of encourage
 ment to them to go on.
 Mr. Codding was followed by Frederick
 Douglass, who spoke in support of the rao
 lution and said, this resolution involves ui!
 question, “to be, or not to bef” Shall the
 Western New York Ami-Slavery Society
 really live once again or shall it con
 tinue to have a name to live, and be dead.
 You have usually appointed an Executivt
 Committee The very name implies action
 and doing. The names ol the Committee
 have appeared in the paper and have been
 heard of far and wide. The friends in
 England, Scotland, and Ireland have read
 of the Executive Committee of the West
 em New York Anti-Siavery Society.
 What have this Committee effected 1
 They have no agent in the field; they can
 have no agents. You have given them
 no money to expend in the cause; and
 while you voted them into office, you tied
 their hands, and rendered them powerless
 and useless. Shall we renew this solemn
 farce The time for action has now come.
 A resolution, commending a good principle,
 it good, as far as it goes. A resolution
 against the fugitive slave law, is a good
 thing, as far as it goes. Bui some prac
 tical effect is desirable; and if our efforts
 are chsrtcterixed by earnestness and sin
 “cerity, we shall witness these practical
 effects.”
 Mr. Douglass then made reference to the
 anti-corn law movement in England, and its
 eventual triumph, after a seven years’ cam
 paign. He concluded with an earnest ex
 hortation to the Western N* Y. Anti-Slavery
 Society to do their duty.”
 Mr. Foster then addressed the meeting on
 the importance of immediately deciding upon
 some plan of operations. He suggested that
 the first thing for a successful anti-slavery
 oompaign, was an earnest Executive Com
 mittee. He stated that four agents were
 needed in Wpatern New York, and that men
 could now be found for the work, if funds
 could be raised to sustain them in the field.
 He referred to the seal of the churches, and
 recommended the abolitionists to copy their
 enterprise.
 After a few remarks from Mrs. Bush,
 Mrs. Foster made an earnest appeal to the
 friends of the slave to act in some decisive
 and business-like manner—not to be discour
 aged by the smallness of their numbers, bat
 to remember that it is usually the few who
 take the responsibility.
 AFTCENOOM SESSION.
 On the meeting being called to order,
 the Rev. S. J. May again retd the memorial
 to the Legislative assembly, and made some
 propositions respecting it. He was followed
 by Mr. Bloss, who made remarks concern
 ing the proposed memorial.
 Mrs. Foster addressed the meeting on the
 cruelty and iniquity of the fugitive slave law,
 and on the necessity of carrying out meas
 ures to counteract its baneful effects. She
 urged the meeting to definite action.
 S. S. Foster followed by making a power
 ful speech on the guilt of the America!
 Churches. He was interrupted by Mr.
 Avery, who raised some objections to Mr.
 Foster'* wholesale denunciation, and endeav
 ored to explain the difference between tb&lt;
 true and the false ehurch. He regretted the
 want of discrimination on ths part of Mr.
 Foster. Mr. Foster explained, and a some
 what lengthy discussion between the tw&lt;
 gentlemen ensued; After which Mr. Fost«
 spoke warmly on the fugitive slave law, am
 the meeting adjourned to be resumed in the
 evening.
 FEIDAY EVENING.
 On the meeting being called to order
 Mr. May submitted a proposition that KM
 be immediately raised, and pkoed at the die
 poeal ef the Committee to satisfy presen
 emergences. This proposition sppesred u
 be approved by the friends in general. Re
 marks were made by S. S. Foster and Mik
 D. Codding, and a collection of the fundi
 was commenced. Mrs. Foster and Mr. Ms]
 made brief addressee, during the taking ap 0
 the money. It seemed to come hot slowly
 Frederick Douglass again addressed th&lt;
 meeting. Some present might say, this it
 not the smertainment to which I wss inoited;
this is Dot what 1 expected. I came to hear
 fine speeebe, not to give money.
 I have now an announcement to make.
 The Weatetn N. Y. A. S. Society have
 raked $6O. Stand bock Slaveholders fear and
 tiemble As evidence of our deep interest in
 the poor fugitive, this sum will not make
 them very uneasy. After a strenuous ap
 peal from Mr. Douglass, twenty more dollars
 were raised by the meeting, and Mrs. Foster
 gave a brief but fervent address on individual
 responsibility in ibe slave question. She quo
 ted considerably from the 25th of Matthew
 referred to the poor slave meeting us in judg
 ment, and the Savior condemning os there
 for uofsithfulneaajto our brother in hoods.
 A Resolution was then read in reference to
 the proposed visit of Mr. Thompeon to Roch
 ester, Mr. May, and Mr. and Mrs. Foster
 pronounced a high eulogy on his charaotet
 and attainments.
 After which Frederick Douglass gave an
 interesting sketch of the history of this elo
 quent champion of freedom, and ended his
 speech by a spirit-suring appeal to the
 friends of the slave to give their English
 friend a warm welcome to this city. A few
 remarks were then made by Mr. Bloss, and
 the meeting closed.
 Joua Griffiths,
 Sabah A. Bubtis, j Stcrtiana
 At a meeting in relatioo to the fugitive
 slave bill, held at the Union Meeting House,
 Collins Centre, Erie Co., N. Y., the 17th of
 13th mo., 1850, William Henry, ofGowanda,
 was called to the Chair, and Joseph Griffin
 was appointed Secretary.
 The meeting was feelingly addressed by
 Joseph Parkins in a discourse of considerable
 length, showing the nature of the bill passed
 as a law by Congress, but whioh hs did not
 acknowledge as a law, as it contravenes some
 of our most important moral obligations.
 After s free discussion of the following pre
 amble and resolutions, thsy were unanimously
 adopted;
 If in all criminal prosecutions the accused
 shall enjoy the right to a speedy and pub
 lic trial by an impartial jury, (see amend
 ment to the Constitution, Art. 6,) if in suita
 at common law when the value in controversy
 shall exceed twenty dollars the right of trial
 by jury shall be preserved, (Art. 7,) if the
 writ of habeas corpus shall not be suspended,
 unless when in cases of rebellion or invasion
 the public safety shall require it, (Con. Art.
 1, Sec. 9,) and if we consider the national
 constitution the basis upon which all legisla
 tive enactments that are repugnant thereto,
 are null and void, and especially such as con
 travene these provisions of the Constitution
 designed as guaranties of personal liberty.
 Resolved, That as the fugitive s(oe bill
 denies the right of trial by jury in cases in
 volving personal liberty when the person is nol
 even claimed as s criminal, and when the
 value in controversy incalculably exceedt
 twenty dollars and that it refuses the writ ol
 habeas corpus that a commissioner appointed
 for the purpose, having supreme jurisdiction
 in the cases is required to deliver up to the
 lander mercies of slavery any person on the
 affidavit of any other person in a distant slave
 atate, who may claim him aa a slave, thereby
 giving little or no opportunity for such a claim
 being contested, or evidenee being furnished
 of his being legally entitled to freedom, it i«
 a gross violation of the Constitution of our
 country, in the spirit snd letter of it, therefore
 not legally binding upon us.
 Resolved, That aa instances have not been
 wanting, in times past, of individuals of ob
 scure parentage, or of a dark akin, but ol
 partly European oiigin, being claimed by
 Souther kidnappers, and earned off, or
 attempted to be carried oft aa slaves, this bill,
 by preventing evidence, offers great facilities
 for such miscreants to prey upon the liberties
 of the whites, we, if we had nothing further
 in view than the protection of our white
 breihien, object to it, as an insult offered to
 all classes of freemen in the Northern States.
 Resolved, That in respect to personal lib
 erty, we know no distinction as regards color;
 we regret it, as in its principles it contravenes
 out highest obligations of duty one to
 mother, or that higher law than the Constitu
 tion, that impels us to relieve suffering hu
 manity without respect to color.
 Resolved, That the pay of a Commissioner
 according to the bill, is in effect nothing less
 than bribery, fire dollars if he fails to make
 out the claim sufficient, snd ten dollars if hs
 succeeds in it.
 Resolved, That in view of the unconstitu
 tionally of the fugitive atave bill, of the mis
 chiefa snd miseries it is working to the colored
 population in the Northern States and Can
 ada, in compelling us to become slave
 catchers for the slave claimants of the South,
 and of its being utterly repugnant to the besi
 feelings ol our nature, that impel us to acts
 of humanity toward those in bonds as bound
 with them, we will do all in our power, mor
 ally, socially and politically, to procore the
 immediate snd unconditional repeal of ssic
 bill.
 WILLIAM HENRY, Chn.
 Joseph Griffin, Sec’y.
The Slave-Hunting Law.
 The following bill was introduced into Use
 Assembly of this State on Friday last, read a
 second time the next day and referred to the
 Judiciary Committee. Its mover was Mr.
 Edwin S. Coffin of Otsego. The chief or
 gan of the slaveholders in this city, the Jour
 nal calls it an "infamous nullification bill,”
 which is good evidence, so far. as the opinion
 of one man may go, that it will answer its
 purpose of protecting the rights of citizens,
 and ought to become a law. A full expres
 sion io its favor by that portion of the prees
 opposed to slave-hunting in our own
 soil would doubtless secure its passage.—
 Standard
 AN ACT to.prevent the arrest or the removal
 of free citixens ofthis State beyond its juris
 diction, except for crime.
 Sec. 1. Arty person who shall arrest or at
 tempt to arrest, or cause to be arrested, or
 aid in arresting, or attempt to arrest any free
 citizen of this State, with intent to have such
 citizen removed against his will beyond the
 jurisdiction of this Slate, or vriro shall re
 move, or aid directly or indirectly, in remov
 ing any such citizen against his will beyond
 the jurisdiction of this State, shall be deemed
 guilty of kidnapping, and on conviction
 thereof, shall be punished by imprisonment in
 the State prison for a term not exceeding ten
 years, and shall also&lt;be liable in a civil action
 to |be party arrested, or attempted to he ar
 rested or removed as aforesaid, for the dam
 ages sustained by reason cf such arrest or re
 moval or attempted arrest ot removal, as
 aforesaid.
 Sec. 9. Any person who shall have openly
 and publiely resided in this State for one year
 preceding each arrest or removal, or attempt
 ed arrest or removal as aforesaid, shall in all
 courts and places be deemed, and held to be a
 free citizen of this Slate within the true in
 tent and meaning of this act, until the contra
 ry is proved as provided in the next section.
 Sec. 8. On the trial of any indictment foand
 under this act, or of any civil action given by
 this act, the defendant may prove that the per
 son charged to have been arrested or removed,
 or attempted to have been arrested or remov
 ed as aforesaid, was not in fact s freeman
 entitled to come and reside in this State; and
 if the jury shall be satisfied thereof they shall
 acquit the defendant; bat no warrant, orders,
 process or certificate, iaeoed or made by any
 court or office, sod no ex-perte affidavit, depo
 sition or record shall be received or admitted
 io evidence to establish the right to street or
 remove the person charged to have been ar
 rested or removed, or to prove that such per
sob not a free eitiaen of this Stats, within the
 true intent and meaning of this tot.
 Sec. 4. Indictments may be found under
 this set, in the county where the offirace shall
 have been eommitted, er in any county into
 or through which any free citiseo se srieeted
 as aforesaid, shall have been taken or serried
 Sec. 5. This act shall not apply to the case
 of persoos arretted ot attempted to be amat
 ed or removed from beyond the jurisdiction of
 this State, on a charge of treason, foleuy er
 other crime; or to easee of the arrest or remo
 val of persoos belonging to or employed ia
 the Army snd Navy of the United Suttee.
Aati-FufiUv* Slave Law Meeting.
 At a large meeting of persoos from various
 parts of the State of New Yerk, held ia the
 City of Syracuse, January 9ih, 1851, aod of
 which Frederick Douglass was President,
 the following Resolutions and Address were
 unanimously adopted. The address ia the
 •earn#, and, with an inconsiderable exception,
 the Resolutions are the same as those which
 [were reported by Germ Smith to the State
 Convention held in said City, January 7th
 aod Bth, 1851
 anoLUTtoHs.
 1. Resolved, That we pour oot upon the
 Fugitive Slavs Law the fulleot measure
 of our contempt snd hate sod execration; and
 pledge ourselves to resist it actively, as well
 as passively, snd by all such means, as shall,
 in our esteem, promise the most effectual re
 sistance.
 9. Resolved, That they who consent to be
 the agents of Southern oppressors for exe
 cuting this law, whether as Commissioners,
 or Marshals, or in any other capaeity, are to
 be regarded as kidnappers snd land-pirates.
 3. Resolved, That it is our duty to peril
 life, liberty, snd property, in behalf of the
 fugitive slave, to as great an extent u we
 would peril them in behalf of ourselves.
 4. Resolved, That obviously and grossly
 Unconstitutional as is this Law, nevertheless
 this is not the chief reason why we condemn
 snd defy it:—for equally, whether they are
 Constitutional or Unconstitutional, do we con
 demn and defy all laws, which insult Him
 who is above all Constitutions, snd whiah,
 aiming not to protect, but to destroy rights,
 are, therefore, to be regarded as no laws.
 5. Resolved, That, [horrible as ia this law.
 we must bear in mind, that it is huts perfect
 ly natural and not at mil to be wondered at
 exsetion of slavery snd that, hence, oar first
 and great work is to get rid, not of the law,
 but of slavery—as it would be our first and
 great work to pursue and kill the mad-dog,
 instead of pausing, until we had effected the
 cure of one of his biles.
 6. Resolved, That between cotrupt politics
 on the one hand and corrupt churches on the
 other—between the politicians and parties who
 enacted this Law, and the priests, who are
 pisaehing its enfsrceinent—there is no hope
 for this Nation, unless it shall very speedily
 be brought to prefer honesty to knavery, both
 in its religious teachers snd civil rulers.
 7 Resolved, Thai, were the corrupt re
 ligion of the country to be exchanged for
 blank infidelity, the abolition of slavery would
 be comparatively easy.
 8. Resolved, That when the immortal
 writer of the Declaration of Independence
 said “If we do not liberate the enslaved* by
 the genetous energy of our own minds, they
 must, they will, be liberated by the awful
 process’' of St. Domingo Emancipation, be
 uttered woide, which there is but too mueh
 lesson to believe are rapidly approaching their
 fulfilment.
 9. Resolved, That, inasmuch as aouod
 principles snd sound teachers are as indie
 pensible in our Institutions of Learning, as in
 our pulpits, we iejoice to know that, under
 the progreaa ot the anti-slavery aentimeat,
 there are already several Colleges in our
 country which are open to colored students
 snd that there are two of these, in which
 colored students find themselves emphatically
 at home. These are Oberlin College in
 Ohio, and Central College in New York—in
 the latter of which there is a colored Pro
 fessor.
 10. Resolved, That, inasmuch as every
 National party in this Nation must, beojose
 it is a National party, spars, if not indeed,
 positively favor, slavery, it follows, that
 whoever belongs to the Whig or Democratic
 party, or to any ecclesiastical National party,
 does, however unwillingly or unwittingly,
 give his influence and support to slavery.
 11. Resolved, That the time has come, and
 had long ago come, for gathering a Northern
 political party, which shall be both determined
 and able to carry out the principles of the
 Federal Constitution and the principles of
 h imanily and religion, in overthrowing the
 base and bloody system of American slavery,
 snd in establishing a righteous Civil Govern
 ment.
 12. Resolved, That we welcome the pres
 ence in this Convention of William L. Chap
 lin and render thanks to Almighty God for
 having preserved him alive, whilst under the
 blows snd threats of murderous ruffians, and
 whilst in the dreary prisons to which villain
 ous, snd piratical Governments had committed
 him.
 13. Resolved, That, instead of rebuking
 and scorning, we honor and love, this dear
 brother for having dons thst for which Jesus
 Christ will siy unto him before an assmbled
 world: “Inasmuch as ye hsvo done it unto
 one of the least of these, ye have done it
 unto me.”
 14. Resolved, Thst if William L. Chaplin
 has done violence to the principles of repub
 licanism and ehiistianity, in suffering a couple
 of his fellow-men to seek to promote their es
 cape from slavery by getting into his carriage,
 then are republicanism snd Christianity the
 deadliest enemies of humanity, and the crud
 est lies thst have ever been propagated.
 15. Whereas, notwithstanding the eoa
 siderable amount of donations toward effecting
 the liberation of our brother Chaplin, he waa
 obliged, by reason of the exorbitant bail
 required of him, to borrow large sums of
 money from various individuals; Resolved,
 therefore, Thst we deeply sympathise with
 him under his pecuniary embarrassments,
 snd warmly desire, thst the benevolent may
 toon relieve him of them.
 16. Resolved, That the liberation of Chap
 lin is an occasion for remembering afresh, tod
 pitying &amp;/raah, Drayton and Sayre and lot
 calling afresh on this hypoontica! snd oraal
 Nation te set these outraged and afflicted
 brethren at liberty.
 17. Whereas, inasmuch as the imprison
 ment of Drayton and Sayre for aiding their
 fellow-men to escape from the horrors of
 slavery, is an imprisonment for what not only
 humanity and religion pronounce a virtue;
 but for what the law of the Declaration of In
 dependence, since it declares “thst all men
 are created equal,” pronounces s virtue; and
 for what the law of the Federal Constitution,
 since it declares its object to be “to establish
 justice snd secure the blessings of liberty,”
 does, also, pronounce a virtue; Resolved,
 .therefore, That it would be, not a lawless set,
 but a lawful, as well aa humane aod religious
 act, to demolish the prison of these philan
 thropists, and let them go free.
 A9DSHM. i
 To the people of tho State of Nets York:
 A reeent law of Congress called on you te
 assist in reducing your fellow-men to alar
 very. Were these follow-men criminals,
 slavery would be a punishment bevead, ud
 infidelity beyond, their deserts. To subject
 a man to the most capricious, cruel, and irre
 sponsible, despotism—a despotism 100, which
 absolutely annihilates all h» rights, sad
 him from manhood to chattel-hood—ia mere
 than is doe to even tho greatest crimes. Bui
 these follow-men ate not criminals. They
 are yoor peaceable, guiltl.ee, harmless,
 neighbors. And they are not iosrasble la
 the wrongs inflicted upon them. They hem
 interests and sensibilities like year owe.
 They love wife sad children, even as you de.
 As susceptible, as yourselves, are they ot
 joy aod sorrow. As as.set to them, as lu
 you, is liberty. And when bereaved of this
 prioelete blasting, theit desolation sad wiowfc-
"
