"edness are u perfect, u would be rout ewn,
 under (be like bereavement.
 Why tbeo, if these tbtegs are eo, should
 yon do the great wrong of reducing iheee
 innocent people to ala very* The anawer to
 thie inquiry ie, that law commands it. We
 admit oar reverence and love for law, and
 our obligation to obey it. We say with
 the Apostle, that “the law is holy, and the
 commandment holy, and just and good."
 Bat, then, all is not law, which ia called law.
 That, which laeka troth, and justice, and
 all the elements, of law, it, at the moat, but
 nominal law. Genuine and real law ia for
 tho protection of rights. It ia sham law,
 and no law, which is for the destruction of
 rights. But slavery desolates the whole field
 of human rights. It leaves not one right to
 its victims. Hence, ever law in favor of
 slavery ia, moat emphatically, sham law—ia,
 most emphatically, no law.
 Bee, it ia said, that the law in question
 must be obeyed, because it ia a Constitutional
 law, and because the Constitution called for
 the law. We aee nothing, however, to justi
 fy the enactment of this law in that provision
 of ths Constitution, which the law was en
 acted to enforce. If that provision calls for
 any legislation, it is, most certainly, State,
 and not National, legislation. But were it
 so, that it calls for National legislation, it
 weuld, of oourse, be such, as does not vio
 leoce, and attempts no violence, to the pro
 vision of the Constitution, respecting the
 Writ of Habeas Corpus, or to that respecting
 the tight Of trial by jury, or to any other of
 its provisions. Again—this law was enacted
 for the sole purpose of repluoging into ala
 slavery those, who had fled from its horrors.
 But by no fair construction of language can
 thja provision be said to refer to fugitives
 from riavery. It is sad, however, that, nol
 with,tending the Constitution is, upon its sur
 face a°d n obvious meaning, a paper
 against *l* T ery, there is, nevertheless, in this
 and in a ome other of its provisions, a hidden
 meaning M slavery. To this we reply, that
 it is quite license enough to pass from an ob
 viousness to an occult meaning of words—
 from the certain legal meaning of words to
 some one of the ten thousand of their uncer
 tain historical and tradititional meanings—
 even when this is done for the furtherance of
 the cause of justice but, that to do this for
 ths purpose of gaining success for injustice
 and villainy, and injuatice and villainy of un
 skilled enormay, is to go vety far beyond
 the limits of endurance.
 What, however, tfthu law were in harmo
 ny with the Constitution ?—that would be no
 authority for the law, if the law is contrary
 to truth. Constitutions and laws, so far as
 they are repugnant to truth, are void. If the
 great Apostle had to confess, that he could
 “do nothing against the truth, but for the
 truth," the like confession must be made for
 Constitutions and laws. They are powerless
 against the everlasting bulwatks of reason
 and religion.
 Because it ie the sacred work of our fa
 thers is another of the ressoss assigned, why
 we must obey the Constitution and every part
 of it. Our brief, only, and sufficient, answer
 to this is, that whatever respect we owe to
 our dead fathera, we owe more to the living
 God.
 We are told, too, that, if we respect the
 Constitution, or any part of it, we cannot con
 sistently, and cannot, of right, vote under it:
 and that, hence, we must cling to it, and to
 every part of it, in order to save to ourselves
 the precious and important right of
 suffrage—the precious and important right of
 participating in the choice of our civil rulers.
 In answer to this we declare, that it is a very
 gross and a very pernicious fallacy, that our
 right to vote is crested by, and held under,
 the Constitution. Our right to select our
 civil rulers comes from God inheres in our
 sooial being and overides all Constitutions
 and enactments. It is true, that men are at
 liberty to provide their conventional regula
 tions for the exercise of this right:—but they
 cannot create the right, or take it sway, or
 at all encroach upon it. Hence, the provision
 •f the Federal Constitution, which makes the
 taking of a certain oath the condition of the
 choaen ruler’s entering upon the duties of his
 offioe, should be repealed, because it is in de
 rogation of the natural and absolute right of
 the people to choose their rulers. Hence,
 too, they are wrong, who, because of this
 required oath, relinquish, or hold in abeyance,
 this natural and absolute right. They should
 persevere in the exercise of it, as did the con
 stituente of Daniel O’Connell: snd if any,
 whom they wish to make rulers, shall have
 conscience against taking the oath of office,
 they should, nevertheless, elect them. Their
 peiseveranee would he se eucceesful as was
 the perseverance of O’Connell’s constituents.
 The oath would be waived, when refused
 or, better still, it would be withdrawn from
 the Constitution.
 But, in answer to all our reasons for not
 obeying this law for making slaves of our
 neighbors, we are told, that we must obey it
 for the reason, that Civil Government must
 be obeyed. It is true, that Civil Government
 must be obeyed. But, the command to obey
 k comes to us with the limitation, which ac
 companies the command to obey oar parents.
 If we must obey our parents, only “in the
 Lord"—that it, only to the extent, that their
 commands harmonize with the Divine com
 mands—so we roust obey Civil Government
 with the like qualification. C vil Government
 is. to the same extent, that every person is
 subjected to the supreme immutable laws of
 God; and wherever it violates those laws,
 it is entitled to no authority or obedience.
 The dootiine, that wrong may be done, if
 commanded by Civil Government, is utterly
 fallacious. It is a doctrine which found no
 favor with him, who had rather be cast into
 the lion’s den thsn comply with a wicked re
 quirement of the Government. The Apostles,
 too, refused to obey such a requirement; snd
 they based their refusal expieaaly on the
 ground of the paramount authority of God.
 We ate admonished to obey this law, as
 we would escape the crime, and the peril, of
 rebellion. But, when the Civil Government
 tramples on the Divine authority, it is the
 Civil Government, which is the rebel—and
 not the citizen, who refuses to follow it. Ths
 Government, which has enacted this diaboli
 cal law, has involved itself in the deepest and
 Ei it tiesi rebel I ion—rebellion against Jehovah
 imaelf. But the citizen, who refuse# to
 beer a part in enforcing it, keeps himself
 clear of the sin of rebellion.
 Wc are summoned, in the the name of
 oatriotism, to obey this law. But this law,
 being treason to God snd roan, we cannot
 eerve our country by |oheying it*. “Right
 eeusoesa exalteth a nation”:—and whenaoever
 we shall be invoked by a true patriotism, it
 will be to a course of righteousness. It will
 invoke us to honor, snd not to insult, God
 to stand by, and not to oppraes, His poor.
 Wa are told, that we are not at liberty to
 deeide for ourselves what is Constitutional
 snd lawful; snd the further falsehood is add
 ed, that the Constitution appoints the judges
 under it its sole expounders. We are, also,
 told to listen submissively to wbst eminent
 clergymen pronounce to be the eithics in the
 ease. But, whilst wescout the papal doctrine,
 which would urjnd out conscience by other
 men’s interpretation* of religion, we hold in
 no higher asteem the equally lying doctrine,
 which denies our right to judge for ourselves
 what is Constitutional and lawful.
 We eee, then, that no plea*or respect for
 law, or Civil Government, or for the Civil
 Government, or for the Constitution, or for
 any of its expounders, or for any of the ex
 pounders of Christianity, and that no threats
 or the stigma or punishment of rebellion, and
 no appeals in th? name of patriotism, should
 he allowed to have the effect to bring na to
 the side of ibis infernal and horrible law.
 Come these pleaa, and tbieats, and appeals,
 from the Meetiogs, which commercial and
 political men are fatting up all over the North
 under the name of “Union Meetiogs"; m
 come they from the mercenaries snd knaves
 who have got possession of so large a shart
 of ths American pulpits; we are to be deal
 $o them all.
 The way is new prepend fat us to aay
that we will resist this lawwill mist it,
 at all bssarde of property, or liberty, or life—
 tad by all each means, as ahall promise to
 him, who uses them, the most effectual re
 sistance. We cannot be Christians, we cannot
 be men, and do otherwise. He is no Christian,
 and he has sunk his manhood out of sight,
 who can join in the attempt to redaoe bis
 innocent neighbor and brother to slavery or
 who can witness such attempt, without striv
 ing to defeat it. This is not extravagant
 language in European ears and if it m such
 in American ears, it is only because slavery
 has subsidised the American press and pulpit,
 and benighted, infatuated, and debauched, the
 American people. It ia manifest, that, wher
 ever slavery reigns, there must be a very
 imperfect perception of the claima of humanity
 and religion.
 FeUow-citnens we atop not with exhort
 ing you to trample tbia law under foot. Thie
 law ia one, and but one, of the demands of
 Amoriean slavery upon you:—and, at long as
 Amorioan alaveiy lives, it will, ever and anon,
 be putting forth demands eponlyou—demands,
 all of which will be deeply revolttng to an
 enlightened conscience sod a sound humanity.
 Your war with this law ia, therefore, not to
 be limited to thia law :—but it ia to be ex
 tended to slavery itaelt. For, until alaveiy ia
 overthtown, you will be continually exposed
 to its tyrannous and galling claims. For your
 own sake, then, you have need to strike at
 slavery. But, if so, how much more should
 you atrike at it, for the slave's sake! If you,
 who are amid but the outer and feebler
 reaches of the power of slavery, are, never
 theless, so impatient under that power, what
 must not be the agony of those, who are in
 the very eentee o? its iron grasp 1 If you,
 who are in but the penumbra of Mavery, com
 plain so much of iu chilling shadows, how
 horrid must be their condition, who are in
 the blackness of its dstkness! Oh, to be a
 slave! To wake, every morning, with the
 consciousness of being a slave! To carry
 tbe weary load of this consciousness, all the
 day-long! Surely, earth has no other lot, so
 hard as that of the slave!
 Does slavery, then, concern you for your
 selves? Immeasurably more should it con
 cern you for the millions of your enslaved
 countrymen. Is it your duty to deliver your
 selves from its toils? Infinitely higher is
 your duty is to free theslsve. What hinders
 you from giving this help? Say you, that
 the Constitution does? We admit, that, in
 most of the interpretations of the instrument,
 there is an abundance of pro-slavery. But,
 we affirm, that, in the instrument itself, there
 a none. We admit, that pro-slavery is to be
 found in some ot the clashing and uncertain
 histories of tbe instrument. But, we affirm,
 that, for the purpose of snterpreiing it, we
 have nothing to do with these histories and
 hat we are to determine its character and
 claims from its pages, and not from its his
 ories. We admit, that there ia some his
 iorical evidence, that certain persons had the
 purpose to get slavery imo the Constitution.
 But, the question is-—did they get it in? The
 rurpose Is nothing, if it was noi successful.
 What, however, if the Constitution, in
 itead of requiring, as it clearly does, the im
 mediate extinction of slavery, requires it to
 he upheld!—vain, altogether vain, is such
 requirement aginst the obligations, which
 low from the natural and unchangeable re
 ations of ifen to each other. Theso relations,
 wing befoie and above any relations created
 &gt;y the Constitution, must be sustained and
 lonored, even though all artificial and con
 tentions! relations do thereby perish.
 Is it said, that we are not to interfere with
 he institutions of our sister States—and
 ihat slavery in Virgini or Georgia is beyond
 cur legitimate reach We answer, that,
 vherevei in our own Nation, or in any other
 Vation, the rights of men are cloven down,
 here is a work for us to do, in behalf of our
 common humanity. Neither by Stale nor
 National, lines are our sympathies to be bound
 sd:—and, wherever our sympathies are
 sailed for, thither should we go in person, if
 ihst be needful to make our sympathies most
 sffeciive. It is a fiction of men, instead of
 Lhe truth cf God, that we have not tbe right
 to help such of the oppressed, as dwell beyond
 the limits of our State, or Nation. The
 &gt;ara right have we to fly to the .succor of
 the oppressed Italian or Hungarian, as to re
 dress the wrongs of our countrymen and
 neighbors. It is tyrants, who are not willing
 to be disturbed in their oppression of their
 subjects—it is these, who have instilled into
 the well nigh universal mind the lesson, that
 a man has no right to carry his philanthropic
 efforts beyond his own country. But that
 lesson is scorned, wherever tbe doctrine of the
 human brotherhoods;inieiiligently and lovingly
 apprehended. £)raw as many lines upon the
 surface of toe earth, and make as many
 Nations, as you will, this can, in no wise,
 affect the rights, which pertain to member
 ship in the human family. These were as
 folly the righia of the Samaritan, when in
 Judea,aa when in Samaria; —and, hence,
 his liberty to minister to human want, as well
 tn the one Nation, as in the other. These
 rights are unimpaired in the beloved Joseph
 Sturge and Elihu Burritt; —and, hence, their
 liberty to go among the contending powers of
 Europe for the purpose of making peace.
 They are unimpaired in the the eloquent
 and excellent George Thompson also —and,
 hence, he may come to ihe shoies ot Ameri
 ca to plead the cause of the dowwn-trodden.
 It is true, that Siurge and Burritt ere not
 Danes, and that Thompson is not an Ameri
 can. But, Sturge and Burrit are brothers of
 Danes and Thompson is the brother of Ame
 ricans and, surely, one brother has the right j
 to help another, meet they where they may
 in the wide world.
 Deny our right to deliver the millions of
 our countrymen, who sre crushed in the iron I
 folds of slavery? Why, if wherever a nomi- i
 nal Christianity per vails (and tbe prevailing j
 Christianity of no nation is more than nominal,) j
 there were a real Christianity, then would it
 be acknowledged, over all Christendom, that,
 to break up the nest of pirates in our South
 ern States, and to break up every other neat
 of pirates, is tbe first work of Christianity,
 and a work to which no State nor National
 boundaries should be suffered to present any
 impediments.
 We presume not, fellow-cititens, to pre
 scribe what you shall do for the overthrow of
 American slavery. It ia for your to determine,
 aa you sre able to do wisely, by what means
 you shall undertake to compass this object.
 But, we cannot cloqe this AJdress, without
 reminding you, that, in vain will be all your
 efforts to this end. whilst you sre identified
 with American religion or American politics.
 These are the great props of American sla
 very. America boasts of her republicanism
 and also of her religion. But, there ia not in
 the wide world another such compound of
 hypocrisy, meanness, and cruelty, as is to be
 seen in her republicanism, sud, also, in her
 religion. We mean by American religion,
 that religion, which our national ecclesiastical
 parties have t gotien up for tbe purpose of ac
 commodating themen-lhi vevesof tbe South and
 their guiltier partners in the North—that re
 ligion, which, only the other day, shut out
 men from an Episcopal Convention for no
 other reason than the color of their skins—
 that religion, whose cunning, calculating
 ministers from one end of your State to the
 other—from the Spencers of Brooklyn to the
 Lords of Buffalo—are preaching obedience
 to the law, which calls on you to sink your
 fejkiw-men into the Hell of slavery. We
 4|2ri by American polities that mixture,
 winch our National political parties have
 skillfull; adapted to the palates of the dealets
 ia human flesh at the South, and to the
 palates of the dealers in Southern cotton at
 ihe North, and to the palates of office seek
 ers, both North sod Sooth. We mean by
 Ametican politics the Whig and Democratic
 politics, which enacted that law, under the
 tenon ot which “the poor of the earth hide
 themselves together,” or fly affrighted to
 the wilds end snows of Canada and under
 the powet of which patents, children, hus
 bands, wives, are dragged dowa into the
 match lees honors of slavery. Wa mean by
 I American pgliuca the politics, which crowd
the numberless “Union Meetings” of thi
 North with Whig end Democrat traitor* u
 Freedom end to God. We mean by Amen
 can polities the politics, which have, so re
 cently and so suddenly, led the WWg and
 Democratic patties, both in and out or Con
 gress, to adopt the hush- policy in regard t«
 slavery. Many of their Newspapers have,
 ere now, ottered brave words against slavery;
 —bat even these have nearly all foend them
 selves obliged to come into this hush-policy.
 We scarcely need add, that the base, hag
 gard, murderous creatures, which we have
 declared American politics and American ra
 hgion to be, most, necessarily, so long as
 slavery is the ruling interest of the Nation,
 be the politics sad the religion—the one of
 our National political parties, and the other
 [of our National eooleaiaatical parties. For, it
 is manifest, that the South, so long as she is
 under the eway of slavery, will oome into no
 party—will abide in no party, whether in
 Church or State—that does not eoofontf to
 ihe demands of slavery. Whatever, then,
 yon shall, or shall not, undertake to do for
 the overthrow of American slavery, it is ob
 vious, as we have virtually said before, that
 you can do nothing effectual to this end, only
 in so fsr, as you are extricated from the
 meshes of National parties, both political and
 eoelesiastical. To be in any such parties is
 to be, whether you know it oi not, and whe
 ther you will or not, on the side of slavery.
 We take pleasnieio admitting, that there
 are many persons in the Whig and Demo
 cratic parties, who cherish a sincere desire
 for the abolition of slavery, and who make
 more or less effort to this end. But, it is
 manifest, that the anti-slavery influence Cl
 such desire and effort is as nothing, compared
 with the pro slavery influence, which they
 exert in sustaining a mighty pro-slavery party.
 Surely, if an individual would maintain his
 power at any point, he must not join and sus
 tain a party, which is exerting a counter
 power at that point.
 So, 100, do we take pleasure in admitting,
 that there are many persona in the Whig and
 Democratic patties, who cherish a sincere
 desire for the repeal or nullification of the
 Fugitive slave law, and who make more
 or less effort to this end. But preeminently
 absurd is the idea, that they are in effect, as
 well as in desire and effort, against this law.
 For, not only is it true, that these parties are
 desperately pro-slavery, and, from the fact
 of their being National parties, necessarily
 pro-slavery but it is also true, that this law
 lias become the great bond of union in the
 :ase of each of these parties, and that each ot
 them is to be kept from dissolution, only se
 ong as this law is unrepealed and enforced.
 [f he then, who adheres to a party, which it
 ield together by the continuance and cement
 if this satanic law, may be honest iD believ
 ng, that the weight of his influence can be
 tgainst the law, he nevertheless, foolish
 n entertaining such belief. The Whig and
 Democratic parties mad* 'he law. The Whig
 ind Democratic parties uphold the law. The
 Whig and Democratic parties must, on pen
 ilty of being broken up, continue to uphold
 he law. Nothing, then, more plain than
 hat the first work of him, who is in one of
 hese parties, and who would contribute to
 put an end to this law, is to break out of his
 isrty, and to cease to vote for slaveholders,
 md for the makers, snd defenders, and keep
 ers, of slave-catching and slave-holding laws.
 Do what else he will, he is, until he* does
 his, for the law. Until be does this, he is
 o be held responsible for the murderous law,
 nstead of being fellowsbipped by its contin
 ent and effective enemies. His first woik is
 iis own repentance, instead of bringing others
 o repentance:—and for us to admit, that he
 :an espouse oui cause, and stand by our side,
 without having done this first work, is for us
 o cheapen, and disgrace, and condemn our
 relves, our poaition, and our cause.
 This Nation is perishing, because of its
 National parties: and whoever would con-
 Lribute to save it must stand aloof from them.
 The most reasonable hope, that the Free
 Soil party, which waa organized in the State,
 two or three years ago, would prove useful,
 was grounded in the tact, that it waa not a
 National party. And it might, possibly, have
 proved useful in some respects, had it con
 tinued to be a Northern party. But, the
 loaves and fishes are to be found in National
 parties: and as it was these, more than the
 success of the anti slavery cause, that the
 majority of its leaders were after, it is no 1
 mystery, that this party has, with honorable
 exceptions among its members, identified it
 self with a National party. Free Soil parliea
 were organized, about that time, in several
 other States. But little or no good will come
 from them, notwithstanding, that many noble
 men are in them. These partis refuse to be
 concerned for the three millions of slaves in
 the States; —snd, in respect to fugitive slaves,
 the highest ground, which even their Mr.
 Giddings takes, in his late Free Soil Speech,
 is, that, whilst they will not hinder the fiend
 work of replunging them into slavery, they
 will not help it. It is, nevertheless, by means
 of such parties, that these good men expect
 to accomplish good. Alas, when will even
 good men give up their atheistic contrivances
 for doing good? Why should they hope for
 success in a policy, which is counter to the
 Divine policy? God’s ia the positive and
 glorious policy of doing good. Theirs ia the
 negative and miserable policy of doing no
 harm. He denounces not him only, who
 makes tbe poor cry, but him also, who
 “stoppeth his ears at*the cry of the poor.”
 He denounces not him only, who draws his
 fellow-men unto death, but him also who
 “forbears to deliver them, that are drawn ua
 to death.’* The Free Soil parties flattei
 themselves, that God denounces but the slave
 holder. No less, however, does He denounce
 them, who suffer the slave to be held. Tbe
 Fiee Soil parlies flatter themselves, that God
 denounces but the slave-catcher. But, no
 less certain snd festful sre His denunciations
 against them, who auffet the slave to be
 caught.
 The excuse of these Free Soil parties, for
 keeping themselves within this circle of ne
 gations, is that the FederalConsti ration keeps
 i hem there. Unhappy reading of the Con
 stitution is theirs! But, what if tbe Consti
 tution ia, as they read it? What, in that
 case, have they to do, but to break away from
 it, as they should from every “covenant
 with death and agreement with Hell”? None
 of ua are absolutely bound to be Constitution
 •lists. But all of us ate absolutely bound to
 be men. If we cannot be constitutionalists,
 and yet be men then we cannot be Constitu
 tionalists. If we cannot follow the Constitu
 tion without forsaking our manhood, then we
 cannot follow the Constitution. If to claim,
 that God has made us keepers of all our bro
 thers—of our brother, who ia pining in sla
 very, and of our brother, who ia escaping
 from it—is to disobey the Constitution, then
 we must disobey it.
 Happy, thrice happy, would it be, were
 the good men of the land to oonstittute a po
 litical party, which should be inien on reali
 zing tbe idea of a righteous Civil Government
 —a Government, which would sympathize
 with the slave, and the landless, and protect
 its subjects from the curse of war, and the
 cours ot the traffio in intoxicating drinks.
 How soon such s party would rid the country
 o‘ slavery, and land monopoly, and rum-sel
 ling, and save the earnings of its laborers
 from being wasted oq war and the prepara
 tions for war! But, ae it ia, that the good
 men of the land do, with few exoeptiona, be
 long to the National polities!' parlies—and
 what infatuation would it be to us to hope for
 tha advancement of our country in the eauee
 of truth and virtue and religion, whilst tbe
 great mats of her good men are found in such
 wicked and pernioioos connexions! Make up
 your minds, fellow-eitizena, that your country
 must perish, unless the good men in it hasten
 to quit the National, and, because National,
 pro-slavery parties. We beg you not to
 tnisundmstand ua, at this point. We do not
 bold, that Civil Government, however perfect
 in its theory, or in its administration, ia the
 sou roe of salvation. Religion alone has this
 i honorand civil Government is but her aer
 |vaot. She will, however undertake no eon*
tradietiona. Sbfl will not seek to mw the
 world by means »od ignauies hootilo to its sal
 ration. She will not employ to this end war,
 instead of peace; drunkenness, insteed ol
 temperance; lioentiownees, instead of parity
 nor unrighteous Civil Government, unright
 eous etvii riders, and unrighteous politics!
 Outlast words ere to vbe colored people ol
 this Stele of New York sod, in speaking to
 (bear, we speak to tbs colored people of all
 tbe Northern States also. Bretlirea! we
 need your help to overthrow the bloody and
 sataoic system of American slavery. We
 can not dispense with it. Much less can we
 afford to have you as obstacle in our way. So
 it is, however, that you have, hitherto been
 such an obstacle. Iks Colonisation Society,
 which you hate with a great, but not too
 great, hatred, proposes to remove you to Af
 rica- Your reply to this proposal that you
 muat remain here to sympathise with your en
 slaved brethren, and help deliver than. Par
 don us for saying, that yea wholly mistake
 the effect of your presence. Were you re
 moved Irooa the lead, tho work of delivering
 Urn slave would sot be half as dificult, as it is
 now. You are the miH stsne atoned his neck.
 It m true, that, were youf coadopt sod ofasi
 seter what they should the effirct of your
 presence would be moa| favorable to tbe slave,
 indeed, he coaid net, in that eese, remain a
 slave.
 What is most needful for the deliverance of
 the enslaved is, that then oppressors shall
 aee them to be men. If they shall ase these,
 whom they abuse and trample underfoot, to
 be men—Heaven endowed, immortal moo—
 the right will render tlufbmersily incapable
 of continuing their ski# relation. They
 will ly book from that relation, horror-struck
 at the revelation of its enormities. But, how,
 by suy other means, could they be broughl
 so effectually to see tbe manhood and dignity
 of their slaves, as in tbe light of your conduct
 and character, were but that conduct and
 charactar whit they should be, for self denial,
 purity, beauty, and elevation? Nothing ii
 more true than that that part of the race,
 which is out of slavery, reflects the advan
 tage, or, disadvantage, of its character—of iu
 excellence or debawment—upon that part ol
 the race, which is still in slavery. An in
 stance of this truth is in the slaveholders'jus
 tifying their enslavement of your brethren by
 the standing tad plausible, and gratly influ
 ential, plea of your degradation—of your un
 fitness for freedom.
 You admit your degradation:—but you seek
 to excuse it on tbe ground, that it is forced—
 tfast it is involuntary. An involuntary degra
 ration! We ate half deposed to deny its pos
 sibility and to treat the language as a sole
 cism. At any rate, we feel comparatively
 no conoern for what of your degradatior
 comes from (he hands of other*, it is youi
 telf-degradation, which fills us with sorrow
 sorrow for yourselves, and still more for tbs
 millions, whose fate turns 10 largely on youi
 bearing. We know, and it frievea us to know
 that white man are your murderers. But,
 9ur far deepest grief is, that you are suicides.
 Would to God, brethien, that you were in
 spired with self-respect» Then would others
 be inspired with respeet to fou :—and, then,
 would the days of America's slavery be num
 bered. We entreat you b rise up, and to
 }uit yourselves like men, mall your political,
 and ecclesiastical, aud social relations. As
 instances of your leek of self-respect—many
 jf you oonaent to woiuhip is Churches which
 have the negio-pew; and many of you are
 in connexion with*pro-slavery ecclesiastical
 todies, and have Church-fellowship with
 those, who buy and sell your brethren, and
 who, of course, have no moral principle
 against buying and selling you and many ol
 you belong to the mine political parties with
 the slaveholders, sod the upholders of slavery,
 and the upholders of the Fugitive alave
 law"; and, a* entinly prostrate your self-re
 spect, that you goto the polls, apd vote for
 men, who refuse eat with you—to sit by
 your side in the House of Worship—or lei
 their children sit iy the side of yours in the
 School, and who vould kick you out of their
 parlors, were you 10 presume to enter them.
 Ssy we not truly, breitoso, that you are tbe
 heaviest burden, which tbe tote-slavery cause
 has to cariy Indeed, cortpared with this,
 all other burdens are light.
 Perhaps it will be said, inexcuse for your
 abjeclness and self-contempt,that, so long as
 you are clustered in cities ad villages, and
 confined to servile employntnU, your spirit
 must, necessarily, be servle, your votes at
 the disposal of your employes, and your reli
 gion whatever is most cavenient. Why,
 then, do you not scatter yaraelvea over the
 oountry in the capacity of independent, and
 upright fanners and mechaics
 All truly good men do, if course sympa
 thize with you. You are oppressed—deeply,
 cruelly, wickedly, opprea|»d —and that is
 reason enough, why they aould sympathise
 with you. Nevertheless, great injustice is
 done to Daniel Webater, Lewis Cass, and
 others, when they are tand with inconsist
 ency for passing over you, and giving their
 sympathies to the Hugarians. Daniel
 Webster and Lewis Cass ad the like belong
 to the vulgar herd of mem—and when has
 that vulgar herd been knorn to sympathize
 with a people, aimply becase they were op
 pi eased? Never! Never! There must be
 heart, where there is sue) sympathy. But
 all men, including even suih selfish and pros
 tituted persons, as Daniel Yebeter and Lew
 is Caas, aie capable ofayopathiziog with the
 brays, self-denying and heroic endeavors,
 which, here and there, tbeoppressed put forth
 to throw off their oppreseiofs. Hence, tbe in
 terest of Daniel Webstar, Lewis Csss, and
 the like, in the Hungarians, whilst, at ihe
 same time, they forgei others, who are mote
 heavily oppressed, bat who, nevertheless, in
 stead of arousing themselves, like the Hun
 garians, to pul an end to their oppressions,
 have sunk down tamely, and servilely, and
 hopelessly, under them.
 Let the colored people of the Noith display
 bravery, and self-sactifiee, and heroism, in
 their own behalf, and in behalf of their
 brethren in bondslet them be seen "in ev
 ery city to gather themselves, together and
 tu stand for their life", as did the handful of
 oppressed Jews in the reign of King Ahas
 uerua; and let them be seen resolved to
 perish rather than return to slavery: or let
 them be seen sternly refusing to consume the
 products, which are heavy with the groans
 and wet with the sweat, and tears, and blood*
 of the slave: or let them be seen as sternly re
 fusing to worship wiih Ihe devit-werahipers,
 who build negro-pews: or as sternly refu
 sing to go into political parlies, in which
 slaveholders feel at home, and to vote for their
 oppressors-, trtducers, aad despisers; let
 such things, w* say, be seen in the colored
 peuple of tbe North, snJ it requires no spirit
 of prophesy to foretell, that such things will
 have power to enlist tke sympathies, and ex
 hort the praise and admiration of all man.
 Even Daniel Webster sod Lewis Cass, now
 negro-murderers, will then be ftegro-admirers.
 Then Daniel S. Dickinson, exchanging for a
 genuine reverence the spirit to him, wbioh As
 deems to be a reverent, but which it only a H
 spaniel and servile acini, will desire to be
 earned back to Old Virginia, no longer for
 the purpose of kissing the feet of alaveboid
 ing patriarchs, bet for tbe purpose of honor
 ing btr black man. And, then, even the
 slaveholders, throwing away Iheiy whips and
 branding-irona, will join Ihe abolitionists.
 Brethren, wn an not unmindful, that, iu
 speaking to you, and of you, as wn have
 dons, we have spoken plainly and freely.
 But, we have spoken honestly and trulv.
 We admit, and we take pleasure in admitting,
 that what wn hav# spoken does not apply to
 you all. Then are among you man, who
 would sooner lay down their lives than join a
 pro-slavery Church, or a pro-slavery political
 Crty, These art JRmo of relf-respset and
 If-denial—men o* the heroic and martyr
 spirit. May God multiply aae b, and make
 them an effectual leaven in the mass of their
 servile brethren.
 In conclusion. we disclaim the idea, that
 yoer ebarsoter hay suffered more from your
 uniavoreMe cueamMannsa that thn character
of white men would hate suffered front tb
 like circumstance*. Had white men been uu
 der as protracted and seven a process of d«
 basement, as you have been, there would
 doubt teas, be quite as moch to lament in thei
 condition and character, as there is in yours
 But, let it not soothe and content yoe t&lt;
 know, that you differ from your whilt
 brethren, not in yoor origin and nature, bu
 only in yoar circumstances and that to yotii
 circumstances, and not to your origin and na
 ture, iayour lack of dignity aud self-esteem
 attributable. Feel, deeply feel, that you have
 fallen —and that, whataver the causes or
 explanations of year fall, you will rise. Feel,
 deeply feel, that, cost what it may, yoa will
 be what you should be.
 The Cneiaiatt "Fugitive Slave Case.*
 We referred yesterday to the arrest of a
 colored man by oar city watchman. We
 have since seen the individual who was ap
 prebended aa a ‘'Fugitive" and locked in one
 of the cells of the watch-house. The histo
 ry of this affair is somewhat singular, and
 may be interesting to our readers. We
 yesterday saw the apprehended "fugitive,"
 and found it to be the barber, Hamilton Jack
 son, of Walout-et. He lives at the corner
 of New and Broadway. On Sunday night
 last, a man who gave hie name aa Charles
 Hooker, found Jackson near hit own house
 and inquired of him, after some circumlocuto
 ry proceedings, where the watchmen were
 Jackson showed Hooker the Ninth Ward
 when Hooker ordered them to arrest
 Jackson sa a runaway slave from hit father.
 Jackson waa accordingly taken into custo
 dy, and marched to the Mayor’s office, all the
 time supposing it waa all a joke, and that the*
 parlies knew him. At the Mayor’s office the
 Chief of Police and the officers were acting
 in good faith, and even sent to Mayor Spen
 cer’s bouse for his honor. Jackson was put _
 into a cell and locked in He had been there,
 some time when he began to think the joke
 had lasted long enough, and asked to be let
 out, but was then informed that the proceed
 ings were in earneet, and that he was really
 imprisoned at the instigation of Hooker, and
 by affidavit by him, held asa "fugitive." This
 was rather a serious matter for Jackson still,
 he knew that be could establish his freedom
 ss hundreds had known him here for ten
 years or more, and there wete persons here,
 also, who knew him when a child Jn Chilli
 cothe.
 The Fourth Ward watchman came in dur
 ing the night and seeing Jackson confined
 there, and knowing bict well, had him re
 leased. The officers are now after Hooker,
 but he ia not to be found. We presume
 there are few men of color better known here
 than Hamilton Jackson. From what we
 have heard, we think that this Hooker is a
 Northern man endeavoring to extort money,
 and as big a viliain as runs unhung, and is
 endeavoring to hook "niggers" in by false
 swearing and effrontery, but he may be
 caught by a hook of the law without swal
 lowing bait. Qn. Com.
The Memphis Eagle says that 5 fugitive*
 have been brought back to that city within
 the paat two weeks.
Receipts
 I For tht North Star, from tho 1 9th to tk* 23 rd
 oj January.
 Dwelly Spaldiug 12,00
 Daniel Ant Way 5,00
 Robert Puma 2,00
 Joseph Pur via 2,00
 Durfee Hsrringdeaa 2,00
 I William Gate he 11 2,00
 Wm. Durbon 2,00
 Richard Clap 2,00
 J. Coolidge J 2.00
 Eldridge Packham 6,00
 John Richard Bradield 0,00
 W. K. Foster 2,00
 C. L. Hoskins 1,00
 R. Kenyon 2,00
 R. Palmer 2,00
 Jonathan Higley 2,00
 E.'B. Crocker 1,00
 Jenette Syase* 2,00
 J. J. Meyers 2,00
 Rev. S. J. May 2,00
 Stephen Smith 2,00
 Hiram Putnam 2,00
 David Cogswell 2,00
 Hon. J. Emerson 1,00
 Peter de Garmo 1 ,00
 David S. de Garmo 1,00
 A. Johnson 2,00
 Harry Me. Neal 1,00
 Miss Atwood 2,00
 Miss D. Chavers 2,1 X)
 Mrs. Elisa Davis 2,00
 Mias. Harley 2,00
 Mrs. Elisa Jones 2,00
 Mr. Morris 2,00
 Stephen Wilber 1,00
 Pliney Sexton 2,00
 R. Me. Omber 2 00
 Isaac Post 2,00
 Edmund P. Willis 2,00
 Charles Mather 2.00
 Townsend Rushmors 2,00
 Edmund Willetts 2,00
 L. Rushmore 2,00
 Jacob Kirby 4,00
 Henry Willis 2,00
CAUTION to DRUGGIST amd rhi PUBLIC.
 The unparalleled and astonishing efficacy of Dr.
 Witter’a Balsam of Wild Cherry in all the diseases
 for which it is recommended—curing many cases
 after the skill of the best physicians were unavail*
 ing—has effected a large and increasing demand for
 it. This fact has caused unprincipled counter
 feiters and imitators to palm of spurious mixtures,
 of similar name and appe.urance, for the genuine
 da Is am.
 EE MOT DECEIVED ET IMPOSTERS.
 The public should be carefully to get the genuine
 article as the imitations and counterfeits, being got
 up by those who know uoteing of medicine, or of
 the disease* of the human system, are entirely un
 safe and dangerous.
 [From the Columbus (Ga.) Enquirer, Esb. 1848.1
 “Wistar's Balsam er Wild Cherry.
 We hate an utlei abhorrence for all kinds of puffs,
 ami especially such as are calculated to mislead tiie
 public; as the curative virtues of patient medi
 cines. There are boubtless many catch-penny nos
 trums, daily vended and hourly used, which are not
 of no value, but absolutely deleterious to the phy
 sical man. There are other balsams, extracts, Ac.,
 not embraced peradventnre, in the pharmaceutic ar
 rangements of the apothecary or regular physician,
 that are in certain cases, or more value than all the
 prescriptions of Galen put together. Wistar’s
 Balsam cf W ild Cherry is admitted by the concur
 rent testimony of those who have proved ita virtues
 to be ol laltet class. In colds and consumption,
 asthma dnd chronic coughs, as well as iu other kin
 dred diseases, it has been used with almost univer
 sal success. In a climate so changeable ns this,
 superinducing and aggravating the &amp;mi!y of dia
 bases alluded to, this medicine has a valu not to be
 estimated.
 None genuine unless signed I. BUTTS.
 For |sale by Post Willis;also by Ws,
 PllXlM.
NEW Y|ORK CITY.
 Ballard’s Panorama of
 NEW-YORK CITY.
 In consequence of the gmt lucceis. (his Pano
 rama has'met with in this city the past week. Mr.
 Ballard will remain here 7
 ONE WEEK LONGER.
 AT MUVEBYA HALL,
 Every afternoon aad evening this week, and on
 Thursday, Friday and Saturday
 January 10th, lTth and 18th,
 there will he
 Three Exhibitions Each Day,
 the FIRST commencing at 11 o’clock. It five* a
 minute representation ot over
 Four milt* of Broadway ont milt of
 Skipping and Canal Boat*, Bat
 tery, Cattle Garden, Sfc.
 It wi» eommeiwe moving each afternoon aft
 o'clock, and each evening at 7.
 Admission, 1M cents; children unaccompanied by
 their parents, Of cents; children acaMmudid hr
 me or botkV/ibeir parents, y
2U&gt;oertioemento.
014 Lailes Take Netleet
 1 HAVE new o* bond and aa constantly aaap
 factoring, FRONT BANDS, to eovor ap the
 gray hair, and bald placet upon the front part of the
 need sad temples qqd I will sell a neater, cheap
 er, and better article than cu be boaght ia the
 State.
 Call and nee for youreelvee.
 Aieo, Certs, Win, .Scalps, aad Braids.
 i. ROBINSON, 19 Exchange street.
 N. B,—Also, lodia Hair Dye, for coloring the
 bnir black.
 OChCasb paid for Homan Hair. ju
Hope Graa4 IJiioa Daigkters of
 Teaperaace,
 rIE HOPE GRAND UNION Daagbters of the
 State of ia the City of Phi
 ladelphia, would moot respectfoßy announce to the
 Public, that they ore prepared te grant Charters,
 and organise Unions throughout tha State of Pean
 sylvan!*.'
 Terms fo. Charter, ffr.
 Applications for Charters mart fee nmde to
 HANNAH MARIA BUNDY, O. P. S. No 98
 Pine Street;
 SARAH RICHARDS, G.S.O. fU. 147 So.
 Mi, Street.
WONDERFUL BOOK.
 NOW READY.
 Tke Mysterious Noises
 TN ROCHESTER and Western New York—A
 JL History of these remarkable sounds-and of all
 the Strange Phenonena connected therewith, the
 Spiritual Commoaicatioas Ac. Ac., —price, single,
 12fcct» —10 copies for 91. Orders by mail will be
 promptly attended to.
 Ten Agents wanted to sell the above work, al
 together with other new aad valuable works te
 wbom a fair chance to make moosy will be given.
 A small capital of from fl 5 to fsa requiree, aad
 the agent will bo indemnified against fom.
 D. M. DfeWEY,
 marS9—4t Arcade Hall, Roches tar, N. Y.
Dental Snrgery.
 r would respectfully inform the citisene of Kodiester
 and surrounding country, that I have removed my
 office from No. Arcade to my dwelling
 house No. 92 Monroe Street.
 1 bankfhl for past favors in the line of my profes
 sion, and flattering myself that I can give perfect
 satisfaction to all who may favor me with their pa
 tronage. I would invite all those who are Ide
 sirous of having operations performed on the teeth er
 of having teeth inserted to call on me and satisfy
 A. CLARK.
 N. B. All operations parfowaed by me on Ae
 teeth and Plate Work warranted.
 Rochester, Oct. It, IMB.
 Job Prißtiig!—Job Printiag!!
 CORNER or BUFFALO AND KICHANOX STS.,
 OVER i. bf.ldsn’s hardware store.'
 SMITH A CLCJUGH,
 Having recently madeadditions to their extensive
 Job Printing Office, are prepared to execute all or
 ders with neatness and despatch, and on as liberal
 terms as any establishment in Western New York
 —steam or no steam. With a new and unproved
 card press from the works of Hog A Co., and all
 the late styles of type, we flatter ourselves that our
 wjrk of this kind cannot be surpassed. “Try Us.*’
 Way Bills, Shipping Bills,
 Handbills, Invitation Cards,
 Bill Heads, Business Cards,
 Law Blanks, Law Cases,
 Books, Pamphlets, Ac., Ac.,
 Done in style,'at short notice.
 SMITH. W. B. CLOUGH.
The 014 Ciroslty Shop,
 At No. 139 Buffalo Street Rochester.
 LLOYD SCOTT, grateful for the patronage
 awarded him, would respectfully inform his
 riends and the public generally, that be has recently
 enlarged his establishment and augmented his stock
 of Men’s, Women’s, and Children’s. New and
 Second hand apparel. In addition to this depart
 ment he will tiuy and sell House and Store Furni
 ture, Books, Jewelry, Fancy articles, Mechanical
 and agricultural implements, and indeed all those
 various odds and ends” of which may not be
 readily obtained at other places. It is his intention
 to, keep The Old Curosity Shop” well furnished
 with an endless variety of articles for which he will
 pay liberally and dispose of at satisfactory prices.
 Clothing repaired and renovated with neatness
 and despatch.
 Dont forget The Old Carosity Shop.
 Rochester March 184 fr.
o*r Israellthh Origin,
 OR LECTURES on Ancient Israel, by Prof.
 Wilson, England—American from the third
 London ed.tion. I his work is designed to show
 that the inhabitants of the United States of Amer
 ica, Eaglaud, and Modena Nations of Europe, art
 the descendants of the ten lost tribes of Israel, or
 Ihat die Anglo-Saxons are of Israelitish origin,
 (not Jewish,) the Anglo-Saaons were found where
 the ten tribes of Israel wore lost. In this book is
 published the objections raised by that late eminent
 divine, the Rev. Edward Bickerstith, of ths Church
 of England,together with th* author’s reply.
 Also, on the Prophecies, the Book of Inheritance,
 or witness of the Prophets, to the truth respecting
 Ephraim end the whole bouse of Israel, that we are
 now come to the very time and peace, and circum
 stances foretold of Israel’s discovery. This Book
 affords evidence that a key has b*en found to un
 lock the treasures of the Old Testament Prophecy,
 respecting the people to whom the promises ore
 made, and the promised inheritance both on earth
 and in heaveu, and shews how fully God had pro
 vided against all possible objections to the literal
 fulfilment of what he hath purposed repecling them.
 These works are free from sectarianism, and only
 require to be read to be appreciated. M/U
 irt- To be bad of JOHN DINGLE, 24 Andrew
 street, end ERASTUS DARROW, corner Main
 and St. Paul streets.
 Book Trade supplied on liberal terms. IfM
DR. CHARLES MUNDE’S
 Water-Cure Establishment,
 AT NORTHAMPTON, MASS—Dr. MUN
 DE respecttulhr informs his friends and the
 public, that he has become the owner of the late Dr.
 Ruggles’ Water-CureEstablishmem at Bensonville,
 2i miles from the Northampton Railroad Depot, 7
 hours’ ride from New-York, about 5 from Boston,
 and ft from Albany .situated in one of the pleasentest
 rallies of New England, surrounded with wood
 grown hills, with shady walks, and abundantly sup
 plied with the purest, softest and coldest granite
 water. The air is pure and healthy, and the dim
 ate mild and agreeable. The new and spacious
 buildings offer all the necessary convenience# for
 water-cure purposes, such as large plunge bnths,
 douches and airy lodging rooms for about SO pa
 tients, separate for either sex, a gymnasium, etc.
 The Doctor being the earliest now living disciple
 of Priessnitx at Graefonburgh, and having an ex
 perience of more than 15 years of his own, his writ
 ings on Water-cure being in the hands of every
 European hydropath, hopes to respond to any rea
 sonable expectations from the water-eure-system,
 made on the part of those sufferersjwho may ooofide
 hsmselves to him.
From the New York Tribune.
 Wates-Cuse. —ln another page of this peper
 will be found the advertisement of Dr. Charles
 Moros’i establishment for Water-Cure, at North
 ampton, Mils*. We, some month, ainoe, had the
 pleasure of welcoming the arrival in this country ot
 Dr. W. as a political tefugee, from Dresden, and
 are now happy to chrouicie bis permanent settle
 ment within so short a ride of New York. His
 European reputation as a medical writer aad prac
 titution&amp;r of Hydropathy, as well as the large circle
 of friends his remarkable skill aad general man
 ner* have already gained here.Vill doubtless crowd
 with patients the institution over which he pre
 sides, and which ia situated in one of the loveliest
 and healthiest regions of New England.
S TOPED THE NAUSEA!
 Buffalo, Sept. 26.1680.
 Dr. W. B. Sloan-—Sir—About the first of
 August last, my hand began to swell very badly,
 and caused me very great suffering. The swelling
 daily increased and extended Up my arm to the
 shoulder, and affected sae so much as to render me
 incapable of retaining any food ia my stomaeb. 1
 had the attendance of an esteemed physician, and
 every thing was tried that promised relief, until it
 seemed as though 1 could not survive another day
 At ibis critical juncture, at the solicitation of a
 friend, your valuable ointment was applied to the
 arm aadhaad. and also ovar the region of the stom
 ach. This immediately stopped the nausea, and in
 2B or 80 minute, the pans in my arm and hand was
 so that I foil mto a quiet slumber fo.
 the first tune in about two weeks. The a—&lt;i wu
 was several times laid open with the lancet before
 Cr Ointment was applied, without any relief:
 from the tuM 1 begin to me tow Ointmeiii
 upou it the son discharged freely, and my hand am
 arm were restored ia an almost incredibly sherf
 time. My speedy relief from the wonderful suffer
 ings which I experienced, induce, mu to send yea
 this testimonial, that others similiarly afflicted may
 know the value of your Ointment in such cases.
 For any further particulars you are at liberty to ra»
 MRS. MARY ANN MURRtY.
 I eeru/y that tbs abyvg statement is correct.
 JOHN MURRAY.
LOIS'S COLUMN.
■MI Medicines anti Books advertised by
 W. B. Sloan are sold wbokmok aud retail,
 ,l f be proprietor's prices, at
 IT AC AN MEDICINE depot.
 United State* Hotel Block, Tut race Sue*,
 Buffalo, N. Y., and all orders tor the saiue
 from the Stale of New York, Pennsylvania,
 Eastern Ohio and the Canada*, must be ad
 dressed to WM. B. SLOAN, Buffalo, N. Y.
 F. B MOREHOUSE, Travelling Agt.
 Sold by Post Willis, Rochester; Ly
 man Bebve, Pen field T. B. it W. Cor
 kino, Webster; J. Van Busin, Fshrport;
 B. M. Glazier, Sweden Centre; Andsew
 Clash, Clarkson; A. B. Raymond, Speu
 eerport, and by Merchants, Druggists, Ao., in
 nssrly every town in the United
 Csntds.
SLOAN’S
FAMILY OINTMEN
 Is MU, Serfs, Thorough, and ths greatest
 U Shtternal Remedy ever used. It is compo
 °f VegetalU Extracts, and posses**
 d power unequalled m the annals of Medicine
 for the cure of Inflammatory Diseases.
 It is universally acknowledged to be aa
 infallible remedy in every case where it has
 r been faithfully applied on the human sys
 l ton, for promoting Insensible Perspiration,
 aad is invaluable in all diseases of the flesh,
 t Obstinate Ulcers, Old Sores, Chilblains and
 SPRAINED LIMBS,
 r Osa.ba relieved of pain sod all inflammation, tad tirad
 f hmnadtslaly by s free urn of Sloan’a Ointment.
 FOR BURNS,
 Moss’* OintoMHhM no Mual. It rslisvM ail pain in a
 Aw adnata*, and haaia rapidly, without lmving aaoor.
 fIOALD HEAD.
 Kvarr cam of thia troublseom* compiaiat cab ha cured
 with Soon** Omfewnt, if tha direction* an strictly AL
 wwhl
 PILES.
 Moon** Clbilwm affbrda immediat* raliafand ha* tored
 oVdwdi of casts aftar all other remedial Ailed.
 CROUP.
 }he approach of it* rattle, can be immediately arrested
 *7 a free urn of Moan's Ointment.
 I 1
 BALD HEAD.
 Sore’* Ointment removes all inflammation from the
 •ealp, i cawqnenHy a rijorou* growth of hair follow*.
 SORE THROAT.
 And Cutaneou* Eruptions, Sore Nipples, Sore Breaato,
 Disease* of the Eye, Ague in the Face, Rheumatic Faina,
 Contracted Cord*, Painln the Side, Back, and other parts
 of tho system, Boils, Bruises, Fresh Wound*, and avary
 kind of aore containing the least particle of loflamaiauon
 ore permanently cured by this great remedy.
 HEALING VIRTUES.
 It i* a fact, authenticated here, as wsll as all over tha
 State, and indeed the whole wextern states, that Slaoa'a
 Medicines have obtained a wide spread celebrity and re
 putation. to which they are justly tntitisd by thtir “Asebng
 virtues,” and power*. We are not among those who on
 prone to endorse every patent humbug that comas aloe*,
 and in this instance have delayed our endorsement until
 w* have been able to make assurance double aura, not only
 by testing them personally ourselves, but from the lasts
 mony of a numerous portion of tha community living
 around us.—(lllinois Globe, April 13, 1960.
 STOPPED THE NAUSEA.
 Buffalo, Sept. 26th 1890.
 Dr. W. Sloan: Sir—About the first of August
 last, my hand began to swell badly, and caused m*
 very great suffering. The swelliug daily increased
 and extended up my arm to the moulder, and aSwl
 ed me so much as to render me incapable of retain
 iig any food in my stomach. I had tho uttendanod
 of an eminent physician, and every thing was trie*
 that promised relief, until it seemed as though I
 could not survive another day.
 At this critical juncture at the solicitation of a
 friend, your valuable Ointment was applied to tho
 arm and hand, and also over tho region of the atoca
 auh. This immediately stopped the nausea; aad in
 26 or 80 minutes, the pain in my arm and hand was
 »o far relieved, that I fell into a quiet slumber, for
 the first time in about two weeks. The hand was
 several times laid open with the Lancet bulb re your
 Ointment was applied, without affording any relief;
 Init from the time I began to use your Ointment up
 on it, die sore discharged freely, and ray baud aad
 arm were restored in sn almost incredibly shor'
 time. The speedy relief from the wondeful suffer
 inga which I experienced, indue?* me to send yon
 this testimonial that others similarly affected may
 know tho value of your Ointment in such casts.
 For any further particulars, you are at lilierty to re
 fer to me, MRS. MARY ANN MURRAY,
 I certify that tho abov* statement is true.
 JOHN MURRAY
 TESTIMONIAL FROM GENESEE COUNTY
 To all whom this may come, or in any way eoneern:
 This is to certify that I applied VV. B. Sloan’s
 Saiv* to my horse’s mouth when it was very bod
 with Black l'ougue or Cancer—so fad he eoald
 not eat; and in two hours be eat aa wsll aa ever.
 And I further certify that it is a good modioioa for
 human flesh, cuts and bruises.
 O. B. CROFF, M. D.
 Bethakv, Oct. 29th 1860.
’SLOAN’S’
HORSE OINTMENT
 HAS EARNED A GREAT NAME, t
 For Purity, Mildness, Safety, Certainty,
 and Thoroughness, it exoels, and in now su
 perseding all other Ointments and Liniments,
 for the oure of Horses, Cattle, and other Do.
 meetie Animals. A free use of this Ointment
 cures immediately all
 Fresh Wounds and Galls,
 Without leaving a Scar. Its effects are per
 fiectly magical in the oure of these Injuries.
 For Sprains, Strains and Bruises,
 Nothing has ever been discovered that com
 peres with Sloan s Ointment.
 Wind Galls, Callus and Oraokad Heels,
 Art oared at once by the use of Sloaa’e
 Ointment, If the directions are followed.
 Spavin, Sweeney and Ringbone.
 No mistake about curing permanently att
 thaw Complaints by a faithful application of
 Sloan’s Ointment.
 Fistula, Poll Boil and Distemper.
 Sloan’s Ointment and Condition Powdat
 never fail to restore the animal sound aa
 ever,
 Founder and Contracted Feet.
 Sloan’s Ointment and Condition Powdar
 have no equal in the oure of Founder aad
 Contraoted Feet. The Ointment will prevant
 contraction of the hoofs, remove ridges, soften
 toughen thi foot* the Condition Pow
 der is oertain to remove all internal Fever and
 810 m
 Snndtlt" or Grease and Mange.
 The only infallible Remedy for these Com
 plaints is Sloan’s Ointment, It eures when
 all other Remedies fail.
 Farmers, Shepherds and Dairymen.
 Sloan’s Ointment never fails to cure ak
 eaew of Hoof-Ail, or Foot-Rot of Skeap.
 aad injuries in the feet of other animals.
 For further Particulars and a Afalti
 tads of CertMceUct of Remarkable Corea,
 fit Pamphlet* of Agent*
 Prepared and Sold, Wholesale and Rets*'
 at the Grand Depot, 40 Lake Street, CAiee^c
 W B.BLOAW. j
"
