"fellow-subjects, by »11 constitutionsi and
 Chiiatian means, pursuing this object with
 singleness of aim, and not mixing it up with
 ulterior and irrelevant designs.”
 The resolution recognizes the faet that in
 the United Sutes this most unrighteous sla
 very exists, and exists voluntarily, and
 that it could not exist were it not voluntary.
 That the inheritance of a'avery has been
 deliberately retained, while everything else
 has beeu thrown off. The resolution also
 recognizes the fact, that in these States there
 is a noble band of oatriota pleading now, and
 have been long pleading without fear or
 favor, the causes of their enslaved fellow-sub
 jects. It is a noble thiog st a meeting like
 this, to have such a fact to recognize. And
 at such a meeting where they were called
 on, by every honorable principle to condemn
 the wrong, it was right and proper to recog
 uize the existence of this fact. Because if the
 wrong be dragged into light that it may. be
 bianded and condemned, it is proper that the
 good be pl&amp;eed by its side, in order that it
 many have the honor that is due, awarded to
 it. “Honor to whom honor is due,” is a
 Christian principle of universal application.
 To rank, honor is due, because with rank
 there is invariably conceived to be associated
 virtue. To virtue honor is due. It is due,
 therefore, in a large measure, to the men
 who, impelled by love to God, and love to
 their oountry, come forward and stand in the
 biesch, and devote themselves to the removal
 of anything, be it what it may, by which
 their country is damaged, whether in ila con
 stitution or in its reputation. The men that
 thus act, lay their country under an obligation
 to them. They lay the whole race under an
 obligation to them in proportion to the diffi
 culties with which they have to contend.
 Their claim rises and is in proportion to ti&gt;o
 difficulties with which (hey actually have to
 battle. They could not over-estimate the
 claim of the men who have bad boldness
 enough to plead in the face of the prejudices
 of persons high in power the rights of their
 enslaved fellow-men. Who, in the very face
 of storms of vituperation and the threats of
 violence with which they have been assailed
 —and what is even much worse to bear, the
 misrepresentation of their motives—have yet
 manfully and determinedly urged the grand
 principle of their idolized constitution—“that
 all men are born free and equal”—that God
 has given to every man the right to use his
 own limbs, and to promote his own happi
 ness, and that this Tight is never to be taken
 from him, unless taken from him as a punish
 ment for his crime. Sin, in every form and
 of every character, is ruinous; it offends God,
 and in this way brings punishment upon the
 nation as well as on the individuals who per
 severe in it. It leads to destruction as its
 natural consequence. The men, then, who
 throw themselves between their country and
 the commission of sin, whatever be the form
 of that sin, or the fallacies used in its defence
 —prove themselves to be their country’s
 truest and best friends, no matter in what
 light they be looked upon by her. They
 may be branded as the enemies of their coun
 try, and become the victims of their country’s
 lawless violence; but by the very act for
 which they died, they prove not merely the
 sincerity, but the intenseness of their love to
 their country. Thus it was with Christ
 himself; he came into the world to save the
 Jewish people, but a robber was preferred to
 him. Let these men then who have given
 themselves to the promotion of a good cause
 hold on, even though they suffer persecution,
 even should it proceed so far as death itself.
 Ifit be the duty of a Christian to protest
 against sin in every form, and to use every
 lawful and honorable means within his retch
 to put it down, must it not more especially
 be his duty thus to act in relation to slavery,
 which is a sin of a most aggravated descrip
 tion, and may be called the very concentra
 tion of all sin. That is sin which takes the
 man, God made in his own image, and
 makes a thing of him, to be bought or sold,
 and trifled with, and trampled upon, at the
 pleasure of a tyrant. That sin which lifts
 up against God the high hand of rebllion.
 Yet there are those who say slavery is not a
 sin. With these men it is a sin for the
 slave to free himself, should God give him an
 opportunity to do so. With them it is a sin
 for the father or the brothw, and even Itn
 the wife, the son, or the daughter, to whispet
 into the ear of the poor slave that God has
 given him a right to freedom. With them it
 is a sin to aid the slave in making his escape.
 His resolution recognized the fact, that that
 band of devoted men who are pleading the
 cause of the oppressed is ever increasing. It
 is a delightful fact, and calls for gratitude to
 God, ana no man had a greater interest in
 the breaking up of that droadful system than
 the slaveholders themselves. It is a cheering
 thought that this band of patriots will go on
 increasing wherever Christianity is known.
 (Applause.) He had some years ago listened
 with pleasure |to the sentiment—There is
 but one price in the vast enough to
 purchase a man, and that price is the blood
 of God’s own son This fact being felt and
 realized, it becomes impossible for an indi
 vidual to feel, when seeking redemption
 through that blood, that he can hold a brother
 in bondage, and look upon him as a thing
 to buy and sell, without violating every
 fundamental piinciple. If they trace the
 Church’s history down through its darkest
 times, they would discover the genial in
 fluence of this noble principle. It was this
 principle which banished serfdom from
 Britain—the land that has given so many
 of us our birth, and which we continue to
 love. This principle led the British people
 with almost unanimous consent to pay twenty
 millions of money that they might get rid ol
 the injustice of slavery, and restore to free
 dom, the men whose bondage they had them
 selves so long countenanced. His resolution
 also bids “God speed” to the noble men who
 are pleading for their fellow-men. It bids
 “God’s speed” to them in the use of all con
 stitutional means to pursue with s steady aim
 and a single purpose this grand object with
 out reference to ulterior designs. The
 Reverend gentleman here adverted at some
 length to the course pursued by the aboli
 tionists, and to the constitution of the States.
 The Americans, he said believed their consti
 tution was good, but be believed that if it
 was worth sixpence there would be a pro
 vision in it which gsve them the power to
 change it, for no constitution under Heaven
 ever made by man can give a right to do that
 which is in itself morally wrong. They had
 the power to do what was right, sad in the
 manly use of that ley their strength.
 They were not enemies of America who ad
 vocate the abolition of slavery. They de
 sired its liberty, its stability, its glory, and
 therefore they wished to see all men now in 1
 bondage set free, and he trusted ere long to 1
 htar emancipation proclaimed throughout the
 land. (Applause.)
 Rev. Mr. Reaf said he bad great pleasure
 in seconding the resolution. He thought it
 right to make an addition, and it was to the
 effect that in 1846, he and Dr. Willis were
 deputed by a meeting like the present, the
 last one, he believed, held in Toronto on the
 subject, to represent the Municipslity of To
 ronto in an anti-slavery meeting in New York.
 On that occasion, he not only attended meet- 1
 ingsin Now York, but also ia Philadelphia,
 and his observation led him to conclude that
 while there is sn immense amount of anti-
 slavery feeling in the Union, there are very
 flaw who ate prepared for real anti-slavery
 measures. They regarded abolitionism as
 subordinate to others subjects, which are
 really of inferior importance. They are
 hampered with fear about state rights, the
 danger of sacrificing the intereateof churches,
 the difficulty of removing slavery, and toon
 instead of first resolving that slavery shall be
 xemoved at any cost, and then sitting down
 to devise the means. It was so ones in Eng
 land at last England, resolved “that h should
 e abolished,” and then sought the means of
 oing in, and did doit, and thenceforth the
 name of slave was beard no mote on British
 •oil. The object of tbit meeting is not merely
 to assert the principles of liberty, bat to re
 deem to homwitj Its right*, tkhich cannot ho
coufc ter balanced by any considerations, what*
 «Tefr interest or policy be at etake. If they
 have a light to keep a nuisance at oar doors,
 we hare a rght to denounce it. If oar oast
 neighbor was heard abasing his wife, end
 ends of murder given, we should break open
 the door to help her, and oar conduct would
 be morally excusable, whether legally justi
 fiable or net. He looked upon the Americans
 as making one of the grandest political experi
 ments that has ever been attempted but he
 wonid rather see their onion blown to atoms,
 then that slavery shall continue. If they will
 not do away with slavery by moral mesas,
 slavery will remedy itself by physioal means,
 beeause the multiplication of the colored
 population in some parte of the South is much
 greater than that of the whites. He trusted
 thet news of this meeting, and the formation
 of an Anti-slavery Association, would reach
 the sieve, and cheer him in his efforts for
 self-emancipation. He hoped, indeed, that
 the society will aet as a kind of suspension
 bridge between her and the States, helping
 the poor negroes to escape from bondage, as
 well as to find employment and subsistence
 when in Canada. They heard of toasts being
 drank in rapturous applause, when the senti
 ment was given •‘that the Glorious Republic
 is the only place where man can be free.*'
 Bat while America shouted liberty to Po
 ised, to Hungary and to Ireland, they could
 join them in the shout and add—liberty to
 man. This meeting would have ite weight.
 They would hear of it, and may hereafter
 hear of the speeches and resolutions adopted
 on this side. Besides the people of color will
 heat that there is an anti-slavery society in
 Toronto, (greet applause.) He hoped that
 efforts would be made to help those who es
 caped from the land of liberty to find an asy
 lum, and to prooure employment for them.
 The Resolution was pot and carried unani
 mously.
 Mr. Thomas Plummer proposed the next
 Resolution
 4th.—That a Society be now formed, to be
 called “the Anti-Slavery Society of Canada,”
 the object of which shall be to aid in the ex
 tinction of Slavery all over the wot Id, by
 means .exclusively lawful and peaceable,
 moral and religious, such as the diffusing of
 useful information and argument, by tracts,
 newspapers, lectures, and correspondence,
 and by manifesting sympathy with the house
 less and homeless vietims of Slavery flying to
 soil.
 He trusted that they would continue to dis
 cuss this question while there was one negro
 slave in the world. They had paid dearly
 for the light to do it, and aa a nation they
 were pledged to do so. (Applause.) Never
 di|d their abolition friends require encourage
 ment more than at the present time. The
 fugitive slave law appears to have paralyzed
 all men. He trusted that if the society was
 organized they would let it be seen that they
 were the friends, sod not the enemies, of Uie
 American people. While they denounce the
 great evil, let it be done for the good and for
 the honor of America. Americans are our
 brethren—they have the blood, and breathe
 the spirit of our forefathers. Let us not then
 do.aoything which would cause them to shed
 that blood, or say anything which woold
 wound that spirit. JBut let them meet to
 gether on the broad principles of liberty, to
 battle against the iniquitous slave law, until
 the black man ia aa free as the white.
 Rev. Mr. Geikie briefly seconded the reso
 lution which was carried unanimously.
 It was moved by Capt. Stuart, seconded by
 Mr. T. J. Short, and carried
 sth.—That a Committee, now to be namud,
 ■hall be appointed, with suitable officers, who
 shall conduct the business of the Society,
 have power to make by-laws, and shall meei
 on mu eaily day for that purpose—three to be
 a quorum.
 Rev. Mr. Roaf moved s vote of thanks to
 the Mayor for presiding.
 The Chairman said he had great pleasure
 in co-operating with his fellow-citizens for so
 important an object. He thanked the meeting
 for their kind attention to the addresses, and
 lor the cordial manner in which they had re
 ceived the resolutions.
 The meeting then adjourned.
®lje Nortt) Star.
ROCHESTER, MARCH 20, 1851.
 To Subscriber* !—Subscriber* who rtbld
 arrears for this paper, will confer a favor by
 remitting the amounts due to us without fur
 ther delay. We beg to remind our friends
 generally of our rule that payment be made
 in advance
Geo« Thompson, Esq., in Rochester.
 1 The visit of this distinguished orator and
 philanthropist to this city, has imparted an
 impulse to the cause of liberty in this section,
 which will long be felt and remembered.
 Hia efforts have been crowned with a suc
 cess which baa far exceeded the most san
 guine anticipations of his warmest friends.
 For several week* previous to hia arrival
 among us, his coming was announeed by the
 '‘Daily Advertiser,” in a manner well calcu
 lated to arouse all that was narrow, mean,
 malignant and mobocratic, in tbs mind and
 heart of this community.
 Mr. Thompson was denounced as an emis
 sary, a British spy,” t” foreign agitator,”
 an insolent intermeddler with American in
 dilutions,” an enemy to the Constitution,”
 a" foul-mouthed libeller” and as deserving
 the severest censures of the eitisens of Roch
 ester.
 The journal above named kept up an almost
 incessant fire of this sort during more than a
 foitnight, making the most inflammatory ap
 peals to the bigotry and baseness of its negro
 hating and slavery-loving patrons, and by im
 plication calling upon them to deny the right
 of speech to the distinguished stranger.—
 Mush more cautious, but not less mischievous,
 than the course pursued by the “Advertiser,”
 was that adopted by the “American”; for
 while it was free from the brutal and shame
 less aspersions upon Mr. Thompson, which
 characterised the former journal, it neverthe
 less exerted itself with much adroitness to
 east contempt upon the man and the object
 that be came to promote. To say that the
 whole community was agitated and excited to
 a degree hitherto unknown by the approach
 of any mao to onr city, is to say what no
 nitisen here will be dispoeed to question.—
 Serious doubts an 1 apprehensions were enter
 tained as to what would be the result of bis
 visit. Many thought that personal violence
 would be offered to Mr. Thompson if be
 should essay to speak on any subject, and
 that damage would be done to aoy hall which
 should be let for the pnrpoeeof reeeiving'him.
 Numerous letters were cent to the proprietor
 of the beet hall to the city, threatening vio
 lence and d eat ruction should that hall be
 granted for n mooting to be add reseed by Mr.
 Thompson.
 In view of theoe circumstances, it was
 deemed beet by our anti-slavery committee,
 that the meeting should beheld in brond dsy
 light—indeed it was only upon this condition
 that’Corinthian Hall, (the most suitable, be
 cause the most magnificent in Rochester, if
 not in Western New York,) coaid be ob
 tained. 1
 As seen is this foot was known, the ene
 mies of free speech took our discistion 1 m
■one-ion, nod waxed more end mere bold in
 their disgraceful end scandalous appeal* to the
 projedi— of the oitixeoo against the proposed
 meetings, and tgaiool Mr. Those peon. The
 sequel of ell thee* threatening eueumsusoea
 hoe been such u to cheer end otrengthen the
 henna of all thoee in this vicinity who wish
 well to the anti-alavety cauee.
 The first meeting of Mr. Thoeapeoa was
 appointed for Monday, three o’clock, P. M.
 large audience aaeembled, bat aired
 disappointed, by the failure of Mr. Thoapeon
 to reach Rorhcoter ia time to addreei the
 meeting.
 Tneeday afternoon waa therefore deter
 mined upon, aad notice* to that effect were
 circulated. The failure of the first meeting
 waa aaiaad upon with aridity by tha indig
 nant*, and made the occasion of much ta
 terapt and ridicule. But Tuesday afternoon
 came, and with it came a dens* crowd of tht
 but citizens of Rochester to Corintkian Hall,
 nor to show their contempt for Thompson,
 bat to mark with their moet intense reproba
 tion and aoorn, the guilty men, who, abusing
 the powera which their poeition enables them
 to wield to blast the fair reputation of this
 beautiful sity with the deep stigma and di*
 grace of a mob.
 ▲t the time appointed, Mr. Thompas£
 r—, and delirered an addr— of surpaadog
 eloquence, beauty and power. The ahoutiof
 applause, so full, hearty and unanimous,
 which interrupted the speaker at rations
 points of the addr—, and the total absence ol
 aoy expression of oeuaure or disapprobation,
 dispelled at onoe all apprehensions of a riot
 in Rochester, and thus rerealed the tveakn—
 of falsehood and maliee against irutl and tbs
 sense of justice in this community.
 We gire below the opening and including
 remarks of Mr. Thompson en this (session,
 I earing the body of his lecture on British
 Reform, for a subsequent numheT. —r d.
 Mr. Thompson said—Citizens ef lochae
 ter, ladies and gentlemenlf I did not stand
 before you iu peculiar, 1 might say rboily
 unexampled circumstances, it would Is my
 duty to eater at ones and without an* ex
 traneous preface upoa the discussion &lt;f the
 topic upon which I am announced to ▲lirer
 1 a lecture.
 I fully admit that a departure froq the
 i ordinary oourse would, without some arong
 1 reasons, be in rery bad taste, more especially
 if it should be lo indulge in reference! per
 sona] to myself. There are some creum
 stanees, howarer, and thay will readilf sug
 gest thamaalras to your own minds, why I
 stand excused, nay, justified, if I claim your
 kind indulgence for a few momenta while 1
 attempt to remove the misconceptions which
 may exist respecting the character and
 designs of the individual who now very re
 spectfully solicits your attention. (Partis!
 cheering.)
 Though a public man, from a distant land,
 presuming to apeak openly and fearl—ly upon
 avery matter that in my judgment affect* the
 weal or woe of the human race, including
 millions of those who dwell upon these
 shorea; and though I presume, besides, to
 speak of the conduct of individuals and bodies
 of men in this country as I think, I am utterly
 alone. Whatever of kindn—, hospitality or
 protection I receive ia spontaneous. I have
 no recommendation bat my esuse no creden
 tials but my character no weapon of defence
 bat a good conscience, and the faculty which
 I am new exercising, of addressing the words
 of truth and sobern— to those who like yoor
 selves are willing to hear me. I frankly
 own this ia a bold experiment: yet I have
 faith in the people of this great nation, and
 believa I shall not teat their generosity in
 vain. You are a part of this nation, and 1
 deem myself happy in the possession of this
 moet favorable opportunity of opening my
 heart to you. The only request I make on
 my own behalf is, that you will hear me.
 More than this I do not ask, and leas than this
 lam sure you will not award. (Cheers.)
 You see before you a man who, without
 the fear of being pointed to auy one set or
 word of his life to contradict the assertion,
 can say with heart-felt sincerity and ante
 carved truth, that he cherishes not a wish in
 his soul inconsistent with the honor, the
 happin—, the freedom, the increase or the
 glory of Amariea. (Cheers.) If any man,
 not born upon this soil, and not legally a citi
 *en of this nation, can say he is an American,
 then eau I calmly look tha moat patriotic na
 tive-born citizen in the face and say, “Itoe
 am an American (Cheers.) True, lam
 not an Ameriean by the accident of birth.
 was born in what you regard as a foreign
 country. This may have been a misfortune,
 but can scarcely ha imputed to me as a crime.
 The act waa wholly iuvoloniaty. (Laughter.)
 Indeed it was the act of others, rather than
 my own while therefore 1 am willing to be
 judged' for being here, I am not disposed to
 stand ay trial as a criminal for being born
 there. (Laughter sod cheers.) True, I am not
 an Ameriean from having emigrated to this
 great and magnificent land, to improve my
 condition. True, stooks, blocks, stoves and
 farms have not attracted ms here, thoogh I
 rejoice that others have been permitted to
 share in them and grow rich thereby. True
 I|am not an American because this country
 offers to me emoluments and honors to which
 I cannot aspire iu my own. Tiue, 1 am not
 an American because it is convenient and
 fashooable to prof— attachment to the prin
 ciples and' institutions of democracy but
 I humbly submit I can prefer a better claim
 than tk—, for lam an American from hav
 ing studied for myself, embraced upon eon
 vietioo, and promulgated, in evil and in good
 report, the great truths on which the rebellion
 of this ooeotry was brooded, iu Declaration
 of Independence declared, and all iu institu
 tions, rove one, reared to promote the good
 government of all, with the consent of all,
 for the benefit and freedom of all. (Cheara.)
 Such a man should not methinks be obnox-i
 ious to hatred or contempt of say who call
 themselves republicans. Does an American
 thank God, that here, twenty millions of the
 human race have foead a country, free from
 the shackles of absolute monarchy, the intol
 erance of priestly domination, and the sub
 jugation of a standing army? So oo 1. (Ap
 plause.)
 Does an American thank God for his free
 dom from taxation—from taxation imposed in
 ether —retries, to aaaiotaw the barbarous
 pageantry of courts, theluxuriaa end privileges
 of e proud sad pampered aristocracy, end a
 host of idle miahma, who subsist upon the
 wasting toils of the meritorious hat oppressed
children of industry So do I. (Renewed
 applause.)
 Done an America* exalt ia the spectacle of
 rweniy millions of men governing themselves
 —the sparkacle of humble merit rating to the
 highest offices tbs people hare it in their
 power to confer —the spectacle of a country,
 where it is not neoeetary that an enterpiiaing
 and industrious man should sue with based
 breath for leave to live but may work, and
 prosper, and rise by his efforts, to comfort
 competence sod influence? So do I. (Cheers.)
 Does an American pray that this land and
 people may he preserved from every event,
 and every tendency, that would impair its
 strength, diminish its (lory, or menaoe its
 prosperity So do 1. (Cheers.)
 Does an American desire the institutions
 of his own land, which have made men tree,
 and secured to them the enjoyment of their
 freedom, may be extended* that they may
 supplant those forms of governmsnt which
 exalt the faw to tbs injury of the many, and
 restritt the liberty, and thereby lower the
 dignity of those whom God creatad fret and
 equal? So do I. (Applauae.)
 Does an American, when he counts up tbs
 benefits which are his to enjoy, and hia to
 transmit, say with a grateful heart—" God
 blase America and malts her a bleaaing to
 the world So do I. (Great applauae.)
 Does an American, looking over the At
 lantic, to the land of his sneesttrs, say,
 “would that thou wert even aa we are?” I,
 toe, can say to my country, "would that thou
 vert not only almost, but altogether whet
 America is, siva those ionds (Renewed
 applause.) O Columbia! Columbia 1
 Wouldat thou repeat, and swiftly bring
 Forth from the camp the unholy thing—
 Consign it to remorseless lire—
 Watch, till the lateet spark expire—
 Then straw its aebee on the wind,
 Nor leave aa atom wreck behind;
 How would thy power and wealth increase!
 How would thy people dwell ia peace!
 On thee the Almighty glory reel,
 And all mankind in thee be bleat!
 What I have now aaid might peihaps suf
 fice to aaauis you, that a friend, and not an
 enemy hath eome among you. (Cheers.)
 Let me nevertheless sdd s few words. ]f
 sny citizen of Rochester bsth sugbt against
 me, and believes he esn establish tha truth ol
 one of til the imputations which have bean
 cast upon me, of cherishing evil designs to
 wards this country, 1 invite him to meet me
 in the presence of his countrymen end neigh
 bors. (Cheers.) If sny citizen of Roches
 ter can produces tittle of evidence to show,
 that in this country, or my own, or elsewheie,
 in any public speech, or private conversatioo,
 I ever uttered a sentiment teapecting Amer
 ica, or her institutions, at variance with the
 trouth, or inimical to the true welfare of this
 nation, or uncongenial wiih the spirit and de
 sign of the Declaration of Independence, 1
 invite him to meet me openly. (Cheers.) II
 sny citizen of Rochester, who hss spoken oi
 written to my prejudice in my absence, will
 now, that I am in person here, intimate hit
 willingness to confront me, face to face, 1
 am prepared to meet him in a frank, courteous,
 and manly manner, (Applause.) I will
 also bear the entire expenses connected with
 the necessary arrangements for the holding of
 a free, but peaceable meeting. If any citizen
 of Roehester, competent in the judgment ol
 the community, and who is not prepared tc
 dispute the opinions which I hold, is never
 theless prepared to deny my rioht to uttei
 them, I will give a similar meeting, and a
 similar guarantee to him, and promise him,
 .that he shall find in mean antagonist, whom
 he shall be constrained to own a fair and gen
 erous one. (Great cheering.) I am, more
 over, prepared to submit my opinions, if re
 duced to writing, and in the form of distinct
 and intelligible propositions, to the judgment
 and decision of the enlightened citizens ofthia
 place, that they may by their vote record
 thsir deliberate verdict&gt;upon the sentiments 1
 entertain, and am in the practice of advoca
 ting. (Cheers.) 1 ask only for myself, in
 the mnanwbile, a'just and impartial hearing
 I ask only, that Rochester should ssy to me,
 George Thompson, (wbat Agrippa said tc
 Paul,) Thou [art permitted i o speak foi
 thyself.” (Loud and universal cheers.)
 [At this stage of the proceedings, Mr.
 Thompson quitted his position behind the
 lecturer's stand, and advancing on one side
 to the edge of the stand, said to the most sol
 emn, emphatic, and impressive manner.]
 Ladies and Gentlemen Ycu have heard
 the invitations I have given, and the guaran
 tees I have offered. I rely upoo your sense
 of justise to make known whstl have thus de
 liberately said. It is a matter of public noto
 riety that I have been assailed in your city by
 chargeethe most heavy, and by epithets thai
 could only be deserved by a man of superhu
 man depravity and malevolence. If there is
 no foundation in truth and fact for the as
 saults, I must leave you to judge of the
 character of those who have made them. If
 there be, you have heard my challenge, and
 I trust you will remember it. If, hereafter,
 these charges should be reiterated, demand of
 him who makes them, where he was on this
 the 11th of March, 1861, and why, in juatice
 to himself, his bity, and his country, he was
 not here to fees the roan against whom bis
 accusations ejbre hurled. Alone, I am pre
 pared to meet my accusers. Alone, I will
 scatter their weapoos to the winds, or de
 part a disgraced man from their city. You
 that dare accuse me, appear and face me, or
 forever hide yoor beads. (Great applause.)
 If, till my accusers appear, it will be any
 satisfaction to the members of this audience
 to hear my answers to a few questions, I will
 put them to myself, and answer them.
 Were yon not bora in a king-ridden tax*
 ridden country, where it is the opinion of
 maoy, that the laigeet part of tha people
 were created like horses, with saddles on
 their backs, and bits in their mouths; and the
 other portion (the aristocracy) born, booted,
 and spurred, with whips in their hands, to
 mount and ride the majority? (Laughter.)
 I answer, I wae bora in such a country;
 but it has been the work of my life, siaee I
 was eepeble of elothing my thoughts in lan
 guage, and eoeld get the bit ovt of my own
 mouth, to teach my fellow-horses tbst they
 were as good as their riders; (great ap
 plause,) that they had the power, Ilf they
 knew it,and would exert it, to toae then rider*
 gently off, and to exchange tha saddle of
 servitude for the toil of free-labor, sad tbs bit
 oi subjection far the aoepire of aelf-control.
 (Renewed sheen.)
 Did you not grew up to to ignorance of
 the great event* which had made thiaooun-
try free: and did you not, when you hoard
 of thorn, imbibe the prejudices of your coun
 trymen, and learn to scoff at RepubUoao In*
 stitutiona? 1 answer, When 16 yuan of
 age, I heard one of the moat eloquent men in
 England deliver an eulogy on the character
 of Gkokgi Washington. That oration first
 broaght before me the revolutionary history
 of this country and since that time, I have
 been aw admirer of its institutions, a vindica
 tor of the revolution, and an earnest well
 wisher to the stability, the permanence, and
 the prosperity of this nation. (Great cheer
 ing)
 Have not your aots as a public man been
 inconsistent with this professed sympathy
 with the political principles and form of gov
 ernment in thin nation I answer, I have
 not thought so, snd do not now think so.
 Fully believing with Thomas Jefferson, thst
 "God has created all men free snd equal."
 I early engaged in the great struggle for de
 livering from bondage 800,000 human beings,
 held in slavery in the British Colonies, and
 did not cease my labors, until they wore
 emancipated. I afterwards exerted myself,
 successfully, to complete their freedom by
 the abolition of s system of apprenticeship
 which deprived them of the fruits of their in
 dustry.. (Cheers.) Have you not been a
 member of the body called the East India
 Company, whose career in India, for a cen
 tury, haa been one of fraud, of treachery and
 of violence; and whose government at this
 time is opposed to the rights snd interests of
 millions of the human rsoe. I answer, Yes,
 1 became s member of that Company, thst I
 might have the opportunity of exposing and
 denouncing the rapine and injustice of which
 it haa been guilty. I did so for many years.
 I openly impeached, in their own court, and
 in parliament, the conduct of the company,
 and called upon my countrymen to wrest from
 a chartered oligarchy the power which had
 been abused. For this l|received the hatred
 and persecution of the company, and the
 thanks and blessings of the injured children cl
 India. (Loud applause.)
 Have you not been in league with political
 parties opposed to the rights of the people 1
 You shall judge. Until 1840, I never identi
 fled myself with any political movement. At
 that time, the government was instituting
 State prosecutions against the chartists in all
 parts of the kingdom, and the jails were filled
 with their vietims. It waa then I resolved no
 longer to be neutral in politics, so came out,
 and identified myself with those whom the
 government were opposing, and declared my
 adhesion, for better and for worse, to the
 principles of chartism. Ever since, while
 more than any man besides, I have censured
 the excesses of some of the chartists, 1
 have stood by their doctrines on the suffrage,
 and have voted and spoken for them in the
 House of Commons. (Loud applause.)
 Are you not a British emissary, and the
 paid spy of the Government! Here I an
 swer, Though, of right, eligible to attend
 every levee of my sovereign, I was never in
 her presence-chamber but once, when 1 was
 eharged to present an address to her, signed
 by 133,000 of the women of Scotland, in be
 half of the slaves of the West Indies. I
 have sever bad a private aadienceof any
 members of the Government in my lite. I
 have never accepted single invitation to the
 parly of a member of the Government in my
 life. To this hour, Ido not know where the
 Treasury is, where members go to ask favors
 of the Government; nor could a member ol
 the Government know of my intention to visit
 America, until he read of it, with all the
 world besides,in the columns of the public pa
 pers. (Renewed cheers.)
 Have you not voted for measures to coerce
 and oppress the people of Ireland 1 Hear my
 answer to an Irishman in New York, who
 labored under a mistake on that subject
 Littlx Falls, Feb. 22, 1851.
 Sir I have only just received your letter
 of the 15lb instant, for which I thank you,
 because it affords me the opportunity of re
 moving from your mind an erroneous impres
 ■ion respecting my course in Parliament on
 the subject of Ireland. Accept in a candid
 spirit the explanation I am about to give you.
 I was returned to mtvo in Parliament in
 1847. In November of that year we were
 called together to consider the condition of
 Ireland. I firmly resisted, both with voice
 and vote, every measure of coercion proposed
 by the Government, and demanded the entire
 abolition of the Protestant establishment—a
 bill securing to tenants their full rights, and
 the extinction of the last remaining disabili
 ties imposed upon my Irish Catholic brethren
 on account of their religion. Throughout
 three sessions of Parliament, my conduct was
 the same, and towards the close of the last
 session of 1850, when most of the Irish mem
 bers had left London, I moved amendment
 after amendment, and spoke again and again,
 in resistance to the proposal to continue the
 unconstitutional powers of the Lord Lieuten
 ant. This I did up to the twelfth hour, tho’
 without effect. 1 have never given a vote
 against Irish liberty in my life, and Ireland
 never had a firmer friend, as Mr. O’Connell
 well knew and acknowledged. Remember
 there are thret Thompsons in the House of
 Commons. I will forfeit five hnndred dollars
 when my name can be produced as a voter in
 or a speaker out of Parliament in favor of
 any measure for the coercion of your country
 or the abridgment of its liberties.
 You are in error. If you are a true ossa,
 you will hssten to do justice to one who caji
 honestly assure you thst there breathes not a
 man who loves Ireland better than
 GEORGE THOMPSON."
 Have you not written verses, breathing an
 unfriendly spirit towards this country Never.
 I once wrote a short piece, which I am sorry
 I cannot remember. I scribbled it as 1 ret
 under a tree in Upper India, on the 4ih of
 July, 1843. It commenced
 "And caret thou, America, say thou art ran,
 "Whilst the slave beads, in fetters, his rapplisnt
 knee."
 I cannot remember how it proceeded, but I
 know it ended with a fervent prayer for the
 redemption and glory of the country. More
 recently, however, we had those sweet min
 strels,the Hutchinsons, in England, and while
 they were at my house, I sided and abetted
 in the getting up of a song for them to sing in
 the Queen’s Concert room. It waa the period
 of the dispute on the question of the Oregon
 boundary. I believe I can recall the hoes
 which were sung, the fret verse to the tune
 of our national anthem, of God save the
 Queen," and the last to your own lively air,
 of "Yankee Doodle.’’
 Oh may the human reef,
 Hwva'i menage sooa embrace,
 1 “Good will to men."
 Hulked be the battle's cosed,
 And o’er the earth around.
 May leva and peace shooed,
 Through every lead I
 Oht thee shall come the fterioao day
 When swords and spsirs shall parish
Aad brotbars JoU and Jonathan
 Tha kind**! thought* shall cherish.
 Than, Oragon so wort shall fill
 With angry dart* our quiver.
 But Englishman with Yankaaa dwsli
 Oa the for Columbia rirar.
 Ttwa lat us basts those boada to kail,
 Aad in tha work bs bandy;
 Aad wo will blond “God sore the Qossa”
 With Yankee doodle dandy."
 I have now told you the wont 1 think, feel
 or wish, regarding thia country. Oh! believe
 me, if my prayer might be heard, it ahonld
 be aa full of freedom and happineaa aa it ia full
 of ail that ia gtand and and majestic in in na
 tural scenery and we in England and you in
 America ahould be brother#—interchanging
 kind officers—reciprocating benefits—provok
 ing only to love and good work*— united, if
 not by the ties of government and human
 Uwe, by the bright ethereal bonds of mutual
 leva, esteem and admiration. (Cheers.)
 Every root of bitterness ahould be extorted,
 And hearts that had baas long estranged,
 Aad fneads that had grown cold,
 Should neat again, liks parted streams,
 And mingle as of old.
 But the last question I will put to myself, is
 this: Have you nothing to tell thia audience
 about British reforms? for those who are
 here expect that you should leature on that
 subject. (Laughter.) And so 1 will, if not
 folly to-day, at some othet time (cheers,)
 but I thought it my duty to let my friends a
 i little into the heart of the man who sill again
 f and again address the citizens of Rochester,
 (renewed cheers,) until they have searched
 and proven him, and seen if there be any way
 of wickedness in him. (Great applause.)
 i After the above ihtroduction, Mr. Thomp
 son proceeded with the lecture on British
 Reforms. Thia lecture we shall publish in
 extenso next week. We shall afoo lay before
 our readers a verbatim report of Mr. Thomp
 son’s add rest on Colonization, founded en the
 I speech of the Hon. Henky Clay, before the
 i Annual Meeting of the Colonization Society.
 F One of onr city papers has represented this
 discourse of Mr. Thompsons’ as a tirade of
 I abuse against the "gallant Harry of the west.”
 Our readers shall possess it and judge for
 themselves. The twelve bundled person
 i who listened to Mr. Thompson, when he die
 sected the speech of the Kentucky Senator,
 I need not be imfoimed that not one diarespect-
 I ful word fell from the lips of the speaker,
 i We shall only add to the report given above,
 the closing words of the lecturer,
 i Let me conclude the lecture to which you
 have now so kindly listened, with s few
 words of fraternal counsel, as from a friend
 i of human liberty, to those who have the
 power to aid the good cause. You doubtless
 desire the progress of those principles ol
 freedom which have conferred so many blesa
 i ingson the people of this country. Koow,
 then, that it is in your power to succor us in
 i our present struggle. Do not regard us si
 your enemies, bat as friends and brothers,
 and aid us by your words of sympathy and
 i good cheer. If a public man from England,
 i who, in his own land, has ranged himself on
 I the side of the people, against proscription
 and class legislation, come to these shores,
 let him not be treated as though he were re
 sponsible for the abuses which prevail in hii
 own country, but let him be commended foi
 i his honest though unsuccessful efforts, and
 animated by your God speed.” (Cheers.)
 i Continue to give us the benefit of youi
 i wholesome rebukes, and show to our people
 r the more excellent way. Spare not whom
 soever and whatsoever you may observe
 amongst us that is opposed to the true spirit ol
 liberty. But at the same lime give your cen
 sutes and your admonitions force, by exhibit
 ing a willingness to allow those things in
 you which strike us as anomalous, or as in
 i jurioua to the cause of general freedom, to be
 pointed out; and deem us not your enemies
 because we tell you the truth. (Cheers.)
 In England, we cherish high and exalted
 views of democratic and republican principles,
 and we look to this country to see them car
 ried out with impartiality and success. Dc
 not compel us to lower those views, or to
 look upon your gieat experiment with sorrow
 or disappointment. Let it not be said that
 you abuse your freedom, and that it ia less
 safe to promulgate unpopular views here,
 than in countries where the institutions are less
 free and democratic. Leave truth a foir field
 on which to combat error, and fear not the
 result.
 Let not the enemies of the human race,
 who would fain obstruct the march of the
 people to the attainment of their rights, be
 able to point to this country for the proof,
 that here, where men are free, speech is not
 free that s stranger is free to flatter, but not
 to condemn and that the only opinion which
 is piohibited from beiog uttered and pro
 claimed, is the opinion, that men are free
 and equal, and that in this country, as well
 as in all the world besides, every yoke ahonld
 be broken, and every captive delivered from
 his chains.” Let there be at least the lib
 brty ot free utterance, and a practical recog
 nition of the right of mao to speak with bis
 fellow-man on the great subject of the rights
 and destinies of humanity. (Cheers.)
 Above all, you may aid us by giving a
 wider range, and more impartial application
 to the sublime principles of roan’s emancipa
 tion, on which your own freedom has been
 achieved. You can show us the godlike ex
 ample of a nation u&gt; ing its power to lift up
 the fallen—to viudicate the cause of those
 who have been wronged—to bestow the liberty
 it has conquered—to make one quarter of the
 earth all hallowed groundand to spread
 by its sets, more the* by its piotensions, the
 spirit of liberty to the remotest habitations ol
 man. Ob l aid us thus, and we will Bing
 back the taunts which the despots of the
 earth throw in our teeth! (Loud applause.)
 You have now heard the man who is rep
 resented as having come from abroad to
 abuse, slander, vilify and blaekgoard ibis na
 tion and people.” Hsar bis worst wish.
 May He who hath planted your feet o* tide
 groat Continent, and made you a mighty na
 tion—who hath given yon an iaheritaace ex
 haestleas in its riches, as it is limitless in its
 extent-who bath caused yon tp lie down ie
 green pastures, beside still wattrs, aad
 crowned your existence with loving kindnesses
 and tender mercies, may He tarn yow
 hearts to a consideration of what you owe to
 Hina for this long catalogue of bieasingv, aad
 this boundless prospect of futnre good May
 He dispose you to look with feelings of jostles
 to the condition of (boss millions who sigh
 and piss in bondage within thia land! May
 ho put it into your minds to ariss for theix
deliverance, and may He giant aeeeam to
 your labor*. Then a hall you he indeed a
 free and happy people—when the glorima
 ran, aa he goee forth from the chamber* of
 the eaat to ran hie race, shall not, from hm
 naing to his setting ray, behold o'er all this
 magnificent realm, the maasioa of a haughty
 tyrant, nor the hoyel of a crouching afar*.
 (Mr. Thompson act down amidst the raiton
 ted pUodita of the assembly.)
 Mnaa Anti-Slavery Conientlon la
 Rochester.
 This Convention assembled m Coriathisn
 Hall, on Thoreday, March IStb.at 10 o'clock
 A. M., end organised by the appointment of
 JAMES SPERRY, President; L. M. Mooat,
 A. H. Jarvis, Yiee Preedsat*; Damiml
 An»ont, Julia GaurriTas, Secratahae. A
 Busineae Committee was appointed oa-Mjw
 of five, via: FaaoiaicK Douslass, s. D.
 Poster, S. S. Foam, A. K. F ostia,
 Sally Holly.
 The firat seaaron of the Convention, after
 the nomination of officers, commenced by ee
 address from the Chairman, whose interesting
 remarks, upon the present aspect of anti*
 slavery affairs, were listened to with marked
 interest. Mr. Sperry appeared to regard the
 present with feelings of deep seriousness, and
 yet with faith an*) bop*.
 He wa* followed by Liodley Murray Moore,
 who gave an account of the early anti-slavery
 efforts in this city.
 A short addiess was mpde by Fradtriek
 Douglass, who gave a moat touch mg picture
 of the distress occasioned by the Fugitive
 Slave Law, and portrayed in vivid colors the
 dangers and difficulties by which the friends
 of freedom are now environed.
 Mr. Douglass was followed by Mrs. Foster.
 She failed to ace in the present aspect of
 affairs the cheerless end dreery prospect
 which had beclouded (he spirit of Frederick
 Douglass and she addressed the meeting at
 considerable length, congratulating the friends
 of freedom on the glorious critic which had
 now arrived. The abolitionists had accom
 plished what they bad long ago desired to
 accomplish. They had brought Millard Fill
 more end William Lloyd Garrison face to
 face, and had brought Slavery and Freedom
 to a hand-and-hand struggle.
 The meeting here adjourned.
 Met at 3P. M. The hall was thronged
 by a largo audience to hear Mr. Thompeoo,
 who it was understood would speak that af
 ternoon.
 After e few remark* from Mr. Douglass,
 George Thompson, Esq., ascended the plat
 form, and was greeted by a about of applause
 which attested the high respeet and warm
 cordiality felt in Rochester towards the dis
 tinguished and eloquent champion of human
 liberty and brotherhood. At the call of mul
 titudinous voices, Mr. T. proceeded to iddrnee
 (be meeting. He took up the question re
 peatedly put to him since his arrival in this
 country, aa to 11 what he had to do with
 American slavery V and moat ably did he
 answer that question. He denied that, io
 meddling with slavery, he was meddling
 merely with an American question. If was a
 human question before it became an American
 question. The system might be local, but
 the principle was universal. Once grant that
 the Americtu may hold propetty io man, and
 we concede the principle by which the Egyp
 tian, the Turk, the Russian, may do the same
 thing. Indeed, America had made the sub
 ject of slavery a subject for the whole civil
 ixed world. She had cast three millions of
 her people forth upon the sympathise of man
 kind, utterly refusing to take cognisance of
 them herself. It was said that he spoke here
 without invitation, but he was invited by the
 groans and taars of speechless millions to
 plead their cause;
 [The Secretary can do no manner of justice
 to this part of Mr. Thompson's speech,which
 was masterly in the extreme, and at times
 sublimely eloquent.]
 He next glanced et the American alsvs
 trade, and showed that, in all its essential
 characteristics, it was equal in cruelty and
 barbarity to that carried oo on the coast of
 Africa. Every wind from the South,
 •aid he, comes to us freighted with the
 sighs and tears of his victim.” Slavery wao
 a perpetual act of tyranny against three mill
 ions. The stupendous wickedness of slavery
 could nor be grasped nor fathomed. The
 certain consequences of retaining slavery in
 America, were pointed out in a fearfully
 powerful manner, and the doom of Assyria,
 Memphis, Babylon, Greece and Paraepolis,
 was held up in biasing eloquence, warning the
 American people against the longer continu
 ance among them of this system of iniquity.
 There wee a deep shudder manifest through
 the audience, as Mr. Thompson lifted the
 veil and displayed the desolation sod ruin into
 which mighty nations and empires had fallst.
 in consequence of their wickedness, end wbeo
 he demanded io tones of thunder, Can
 Americana defy the omnipotent God Tho
 matchless orator again denied that the ques
 tion of alavery was exclusively an Ameriean
 question. The slave was a brother. It warn
 m Atman question. The slave possessed a
 living soul. It wa* a religious question. It
 was e question of labor, and of commerce.
 Here Mr. Thompeoo treated the audieaco
 to a brilliant conuscation, illustrating tho dif
 ference between free and slave labor, and be
 stowed a well-merited encomium upon the
 industry, enterprise, rapid growth and beauty
 of the eity of Rochester, sod closed this part
 of hia address by aaying, God Mass you
 and increase you a thousand fold
 Speaking of slavery aa a religious question,
 Mr. Thompson said, “Tell mo that God
 sanctions slavery, and I will look op to heaven
 ao more Tell ms that God vnetioot do
 very, then farewell toe God of lovo!" Thors
 was something absolutely thrilling io these
 words; ae they fell from the lips of tho
 speaker. The whole speech oo this occasion
 waa a raeater-piece of eloquence, end it pro
 duced an electrifying effect on the vest audi
 ence assembled.
 S. S. Faster now essayed to apeak. The
 attempt was a hazardous one. The audience
 had been ao completely enraptured by the tl
 oquenoe of Mr. Thompson, that there appear
 ed little disposition to boor any one tfee.
 The meeting now adjourned. 1,
 Friday morning at ten o’clock, the Coeven
 tioa re-assembled.
 After a song from Mr. G. W. Clarks 3
 S. Fester addressed the meeting. Hin re- J
 marks won directed to show the pulidptUon
 of tho obareb in !k*]gtai of AmT h, 1
 SLST"’
"
