"tfoetrs.
For tfca North Star.
 THE SLimSOUWaUY.
 How sweet if freedom to the free! Then what
 Would oot the wretched, horror•etricken slave
 lundure. that he might purchase freedom tool
 Oh, listen to his heart-heaved sighs and groans,
 As lie bewails his wretched lot, and hear
 His sad soliloquy !j
 ;0, let ms have
 My liberty! Though I migbtfwander up
 And down the earth, a by-word on the to agues
 Of men, aad friendless live and die, yet let
 Me have my liberty. Though were sure
 That the wild wilderness would be my home,
 Where none should be more kind and merciful
 Than howling wild beasts, thirsting for my Wood,
 And naught but ftaitless forest trees should shield
 Me f-om the startup of night, yet let me have
 My Liberty? let me wither ’aeath
 The torrid, summer sun, or wander lost
 Upon a springless, sturubleu, sandy plain;
 Or let me shiver, freeee and die amid
 The winds and drifting storms that beat upon
 Spitzbergen’e fro sen brow, if I may hare
 My liberty! Or lot me say farewell,
 Forever, totbe land that gave me birth,
 And let me choose old ocean for my home;
 And not a word I’ll murmur, when the night
 Is black with tempest, and the howling blasts
 And hissing waves shall lead the rushing storm,
 While mountain billows rise—ten billows heaped
 In one, and then rush down, an avalanche
 Of brine.” And let the rattling thunders rale
 The tempest with theirideaf'niag roar, and let
 The lightnings plough the reding masts. All these
 I'll bear, if I may have my LIBERTY.
 The friendless world, the wilderness, the heat
 Of biasing suns, the frosts of icy North,
 Have, all combined, no terrors like the woes
 Of Slavery.
 O, then, creation's lord,
 High-gifted tyrant, boasting of thy love
 Of liberty, yet robbing Freedom of
 Her rights, by chaining down thine equal and
 Thy krotiier, to ui'ending slavery,
 Unheeding all bis woes, as though thy heart
 Were adamant, throw off thy lethargy.
 If thou art yet a man, let sympathy—
 Let manhood’s common ties—let fear of woe,
 Thy well-earned due, and which eternity
 Shall pay—let justice, shame, and conscience plead
 With thee, and urge thee grant the slave that gift,
 With which, he loves to live—without which, longs
 To die—his rightful Human Liberty.
 WYMOND.
 Churchville, March’6th, 1861.
jtlisctllaneous.
JENNY LIND AT HAY ANA.
 The following interesting account of
 Jenny Lind’s first concert at Havana,
 we find in the correspondence of the
 N. Y. Tribune: I
 The immense Tacon Theatre, quite
 the finest 1 ever saw, was literally
 crowded to overflowing, every seat
 and standing place being occupied, and
 the audience numbering probably full
 five thousand persons, including the
 Captain General and his family, and
 the nobility of the city. Perhaps some
 three hundred of these auditors had
 heard Jenny before, and therefore knew
 what was coming; the rest were bro’t
 there out of curiosity, or led by sheer
 malice to attend and put her down.—
 First came the overture to Massanielo,
 admirably played by the orchestra of
 the Opera, and several professors from
 New York, who travelled with Jenny
 Lind, led by Burke Bendict, Con
 ductor. The overture was tolerably
 received. Then followed an Aria by
 Signor Belletti, which was coldly re
 ceived. The next announcement in
 the bill was a Cavatina from the Opera
 of Somnambula, by Jenny Lind.
 This lady soon appeared, lad on by
 Signor Belleti. Some two or three
 hundred persons clapped their hands at.
 her appearance, but this token of ap
 probation was instantly and perempto
 rily silenced by at least four thousand
 five hundred, cold, calculating, decided
 and palpable hisses. Thus, having set
 tled the matter that there should be no
 forestalling—of public opinion, that if
 applause was given to Jenny Lind in
 that house, it should be most incontest
 ibly and incontrovertibly earned.—
 I have heard the Swedish Nightingale
 often in Europe as well as America,
 and have ever noticed a distinct titmu
 lousness attending her first appearance
 in any city. Indeed, this feeling yras
 plainly manifested in her countenance
 as she neared the footlights, but when
 she witnessed the kind of reception
 that had been ia store for her, so dif
 ferent from anything she had reason to
 expect, (for I am told she never reads
 the papers, nor permits persons to tell
 her what the public think of her musi
 cal talents,) and so different from any
 she had ever received before,
 her countenance changed in an instant
 to a haughty self-possession, her eye
 involuntarily flashed a ray of defiance,
 and her form becoming instantaneously
 erect, and apparently immovable as a
 statue, She stood there perfectly calm
 and beautiful, evidently satisfied be
 yond measure that she now had an
 ordeal to pass and a victory to gain
 worthy of her powers, and as evidently
 feeling ns perfectly conecious of the
 heightb, depth, length and breadth of
 these powers. In a moment, her eye
 scanned the immense audience, the
 music began, and then followed—how
 can I dare attempt to describe ft ?—I
 will not —such heavenly strains an I
 verily believe mortal never breathed
 except Jenny Lind, and mortal never
 heard except from her lips. Some of
 the oldest Castilians kept a frown upon
 their brows and a curling sneer upon
 their lips—their ladies, however, and
 most of the audience began to,look
 surprised; the gushing melody flowed
 on, increasing in beauty and glory;
 nearly all kept their teeth clenched,
 apd their lips closed, evidently deter
 mined to resist to the last. The tor
 rent flowed on faster and faster, the
 lark flew higher and higher, the melody
 grew richer and richer—still every Up
 was compressed. By and by, a* the
 rich notes came dashing in rivers upon
 our enraptured ears, one poor critic
 involuntarily loudly whispered a bra
 vo.’’ This bursting of the soul was
 instantly and simultaneously hissed
 down—the stream of harmony rolled
 on till at the close it outdo a clean
 sweep of every obstacle, and carried
 alt before it. Not a vestige of opposi
 tion remained; bat such a tremendous
 shout of applause as went up was nev
 er before beard.
 The tiiumpb was most complete;.and
 how was Jenny Lind affected? -She
 who, h few minutes previous, stood like
 g pillar of adamant, before cold criti*
cism and malice prepense, now trembled
 like a reed in the wind before the storm
 of enthusiasm which her own simple
 notea bad produced. Tremblingly,
 ■lowly, and bowing her face almost to
 the ground, she withdrew—the roar of
 applause and victory increased; end
 core! encore!! encore!!!*’ came from
 every lip. She again appeared, an*
 curtesying low, again withdrew: but
 again, again and again did they call
 her forth, and at every appearance the
 thunders of applause rang louder and
 louder. Thus five times was Jenny
 Lind called out to receive their unani
 mous and deafening plaudits.
 Some three years since, the liberty
 duett in J Puritani* was sung and en
 cored so many times on one night, that
 the doors of the theatre were locked,
 and platoons of soldiers marched in,
 and put down the enthusiasm of the
 audience at the point of the bayonet!
 Soon after that event, a law was passed
 prohibiting a song from being repeated
 on an encore, without a special permit
 from the “President," who holds his
 appointment from Queen Isabella, and
 whose business it is ever to be present
 at public representations, and, with the
 printed bill before him, see that it is
 carried out and performed to the letter.
 Since that law was enacted, the Presi
 dent has never deviated a single time;
 and therefore never even once has there
 been a song repeated on an encore.
 "''A solo on the violin by Burke, al
 though truly excellent, was barely tol
 erated. Then followed the duett from
 Rossini’s Opera, II Turco in Italia,"
 by Jenny Lind and Sig. Belletti. Here
 Bdletti began to creep into favor, and
 some of his finest passages elicited
 many loud bravos" and louder plau
 dits from the hands of the audience,
 while Jenny gained more ard more
 upon her auditors, who appeared en
 chanted by her powers. They were
 both called four times before the cur
 tain, and thus terminated the first part
 of the programme.
 Twenty minutes elapsed, during
 which the ladies chattered like—l had
 almost said moneys—while the men
 withdrew into the open court, to smoke
 a cigar, and give loose to their aston
 ishment in the strongest terms which
 the Spanish language can command to
 express admiration and surprise.
 The overture to the Black Domino
 opened the second part, after which
 Jenny Lind came forward to sing
 “Casta Diva." This cavatina was the
 first which passed the lips of Jenny
 Lind at her debut in Castle Garden,
 New York, and now it was to be sub
 mitted to a much more musical and
 critical audience. There sat Tedesco
 in the Palco adjoining that of Signor
 Marti. Still further on was a box in
 which were Bosio, Steffanoni, Salvi,
 Badiali, Colleti, and Bettui. Botesini
 and several other artists sat sat in an
 opposite box, and all seemed to think
 that Jenny Lind was venturing on dan
 gerous ground.
 Jenny again assumed the peculiar
 attitude of modest defiance which char
 acterized her first appearance, and the
 music commenced. Before two min
 utes had passed by, Jenny Lind, who
 was never in better voice, and who
 certainly never sang Casta Diva"
 better, had charmed her auditors once
 again; and as she proceeded, the
 “bravos" came so thiek and fast, that
 sometimes beautiful passages were al
 most lost, and when she arrived at the
 close, it seemed literally as if the house
 would be torn down by the delighted
 multitude. Boqueta covered the stage,
 and the applause was truly deafening.
 Jenny attempted to leave the stage, but
 the audience would not permit .this, for
 every step which she retreated back
 ward, drew forth a thousand encores.
 There stood Jenny Lind for two full
 minutes, fixed as a statue, and stooping
 almost to the stage, amidst the most
 overwhelming thunders of applause that
 can well be imagined.
 But why, oh Habaneros, will you
 still cry “encore," when you know an
 “encore" is not allowed? No matter!
 The Captain General and his family
 appear as much enchanted as the rest,
 and the stately President" in a rap
 ture of delight whispers something in
 the ear of a page, who instantly leaves
 bis box. In a few minutee word is
 passed to Jenny Lind that the President
 will with pleasure permit her to repeat
 Casta Diva!" The orchestra again
 commences the air, and the audience
 discover what they have achieved.—
 Then did Jenny Lind, for the first time
 in her life, repeat the cavatina of
 “Casta Diva" on an encore. And who
 #ere the roost enthusiastic in their
 plaudits and their demands for this rep
 etition Every prominent artist in the
 Italian Opera Troupe! Tedesco clap
 ped her hands till she was red in the
 face; Bosio was no less enthusiastic,
 and all the others joined most heartily
 or: at all events roost loudly in the ap
 plause.
 I need not go further. The Flute
 song and the £cho song followed, and
 were repeated by permission of the
 President; and when the curtain fell,
 after calling out the fair cantatrice six
 times, the most delighted audience that
 I ever saw, reluctantly withdrew. The
 proceeds of this concert are estimated
 at some $17,090.
 [From tiw National Era.]
 LETTER FROM GRACE GREEN
 WOOD.
 Washington, March 3, 1851.
 Dear W— I must give you
 but a brief and hurried letter on this
 last day of the session. 1 am to go up
 to the Capitol at an earlier hour than
 usual, and my morning has been sadly
 interrupted.
 I am feeling somewhat depressed
 to-day, I must confess. My winter in
 Washington has been one of great en
 joyment, and I have sincere regret in
 parting from so many whose society
 has given me both pleasure and profit.
 During the past two months we have
 been having at Dr. B——’s, on Satur
 day evenings, social, informal parties
 —Free Soil soiree*—gatherings to
 gether of the elect for counsel, “aid,
 and comfort." On Saturday night
 last, these pleasant reunions came to
 an end, amid general and earnest ex
 pressions of regret.
 Among those aaosi faithful in attend
 ance at these agreeable, but rather ex
 clusive, soirees was Mr. Root of Ohio,
 w|o will not, I am sorry to say, return
 tofWashington next session. He has
 added much to the life and gayity of
I our circle. A greet lever end provoker
 i of laughter—an incorrigible wag, he ie
 i yet, aa you doubtless well know, e
 true, fearless, and earnest nan. He
 has played his part ftuthiuUy since he
 f has been here, and under circumstances
 1 well calculated to test his temper and
 i capacity. With all his honor, mirth*
 fulness, and good nature, be is not an
 t antagonist to be lightly estimated, nor
 I one with whom bis opponents are par
 b ticularly anxious to engage. Though
 1 not a fierce hand-to-hand gladiator, he
 r is a skilful matador, shaking his red
 mantle as if in sport, hut giving keen,
 quick, effective strokes under it.
 r Perhaps, the one in our circle most
 honored and beloved is Mr. Giddings
 t of Ohio. A large and fsarlsss spirit
 has in him a fitting embodiment. He
 is, I think, the most powerfully built
 i man in the house—tall, full-chested,
 f broad-shouldered, a sort of political
 1 Ajax, full of energy and endurance,
 I while his happy, genial countenance
 t shows that the generous feelings of his
 i early manhood are yet alive and fresh
 1 —he is, thank Heaven, good for many
 t years more of noble action. Mr. Gid
 dings talks of going to the World’s
 i Fair. I hope he will not fail to forward
 himself, for we could hardly send a
 finer specimen of American manhood,
 i Mr. DurKee of Wisconsin is one of
 j the friends we most prize. He pos
 sesses a most liberal and benevolent
 spirit, warm, social feelings, and pure,
 reformatory principles. He has the
 i most abiding, unfailing, happy faith in
 the speedy triumph ofthe right—in the
 t speedy coming of that promised, pray-
 I ed-for, long-tarrying “good time.”
 I Why, he actually believes in the Mil
 lennium!—that the final redemption of
 the human mind from error, the human
 s heart from crime, of human lives from
 wrong and suffering, is not a lying
 t hope, a divine mockery; that liberty
 and justice are not cold abstractions,
 t beautiful ideals, but God's own reali
 ties, the priceless heritage of his cbild
 ren, whose rights He himself shall
 I vindicate at last.
 i Mr. Mann and Mr. Allen of Massa
 i chueetts, Mr. Julian of Indiana, Mr.
 Doty of Wisconsin, Mr. Wiknot of
 i Pennsylvania, Mr. Gott and Preston
 King of New York, have been among
 our most welcome visiters—and a fine
 set of honest, earnest, and sensible
 men they are, with clear heads and
 kindly hearts, quck impulses, but firm
 i principles.
 Governor Cleveland of Connecticut
 frequently looked in upon us. He is a
 very agreeable, but an ambitious man,
 I I fear—for not content, as many a
 i legislator would be, with the reputation
 of being one of the handsomest men in
 i Congress—he aspires to win a still
 higher fame by the advocacy of senti
 i ments just and noble, to-day unpopular,
 i but having within themselves the germs
 of future honor. This nuturing a
 young century plant is not such egre
 gious folly after all. True you may
 never see its blossoming, but eye a
 which caught their brightness from
 i yours may grow brighter as they gaze
 on it in the days to come,
 i I left my letter rather abruptly yes
 terday, and went up to the Capitol. I
 was so fortunate as to be present in
 the House at the passage of the reso
 lution for the aid of Kossuth. It watt
 really beautiful and cheering to witness
 the ready and almost unanimous action
 of our Representatives upon this ques
 tion. On the last day of the session,
 when overwhelmed with business of
 the most pressing importance, they
 yet turned aside in the spirit of a
 chivalrous fraternity, to give counte
 nance and assistance to Hungary’s un
 fortunate patriot and his brave asso
 ciates. All honor to them for their
 generous impulses—their magnanimity
 —for their sympathy with the fallen—
 for their recognition of the universal
 brotherhood of freemen. I never felt
 so proud of my country as at the mo
 ment when that resolution passed. I
 turned an exulting look upon the face
 of an English friend who stood at my
 side, and he, by his sympathy, added
 not a little to the patriotic glorying
 which swelled my heart. But “pride
 must have a fall” is an old saying, and
 it soon proved itself in a most melan
 choly and mortifying manner.
 In the early part of the evening
 session, in the House, there was, as
 you will have seen, a personal ren
 counter between Mr. Stanly and Mr.
 Clingman, the wrong and disgrace of
 which would seem to rest upon the
 shoulders of the latter gentleman
 He began an altercation with Mr. Stan
 ly, calling him opprobrious names, and
 followed them with a blow. Though
 of a passionate nature, and of a keen,
 sarcastic temper, Mr. Stanly is said to
 have been wonderfully calm and for-
 bearing in his language toward bis bit
 ter and violent antagonist. Of course,
 there will be a meeting. Perhaps, as
 Mr. Clingman threatened, not se blood
 less an one as the late affair between
 Messrs. Stanly and Inge. Well, I
 must »aj f tliat 1 hope, if Mr ike
 other must fall, it will not be he who
 has suffered the insult and the wrong.
 Mr. Stanly is one of the most fearless,
 independent, and liberal of the South
 ern members, beside being an able
 and spirited speaker, and a finished
 gentleman. The country could sooner
 spare the entire squad of reckless and
 belligerent legislators, who seek to
 make of the floor of Congress an arena
 for the bully, who, wanting equally the
 controlling force of high intellect and
 the weight of moral principle, would
 settle the affairs of the nation by the
 pistol, the bowie-knife, or a chivalrous
 resort to fisticuffs.
 I deeply regretted that Mr. Stanly
 should accept a challenge—l shall the
 more deeply regret his sending one.
 He should never irore give the weight
 of his example tothe horrible barbari
 ty, the infernal ity of duelling. He can
 not himself in his own deepest heart,
 approve of the practice, and 1 believe
 that he is mistaken, if he thinks that
 public opinion, even in the South, re
 quires him to prove his animal courage
 by murdering, or being murdered.
 That a great and happy change of
 sentiment in regard to this question is
 taking place in the Southern States,
 has been well proved by Major Bor
 land, one of the present Senators from
 Arkansas. Previous to his election to
 the Senate, and in the midst of a vio
 lent political excitement, he was gross
 ly insulted, and called out by a quarrel- i
 •one opponent. Having been, in early
life, engaged in duel, when be
 aeverely wounded hie antagonist, he
 had become convinced of the evil, sin,
 and folly of the practice, and now had
 the moral courage to refuse a chal
 lenge, though forced upon him in a
 moat insulting and irritating manner.
 He laid the matter before the peepis
 of his State in a noble and manly let
 ter, and to the honor of that people be
 it said, that the refusal of the soldier to
 prove his courage by fighting a duel,
 insured, instead of defeating the elec
 tion of the Senator. A conauraation
 devoutly to be thankful for—not only
 as the triumph of a moral principle, but
 also because it has given to the Senate
 a man of fine ability and generous
 spirit. True to the interests of his
 section of the country, and I doubt not,
 to his own convictions, he is not
 illiberal —is never arrogant iu tone, un
 fair, or discourteous in debate.
 The Senate and House have be-n
 in session all night. In my
 may attempt a sketch of legislation by
 gas-light, or by the ghastly light of
 the early morning. Do pardon the
 haste in which I have written. I am
 keeping the press open. I have not
 locked back over a line, but have been
 obliged to dash off a page at a time
 and let the devil Uk« it—thua kindly
 aaticipating the fervent wish of some of
 my readers. Youts,
 Grace Grbnwood.
BARBAROUS OUTRAGE.

 i A few weeks since an individual in
 Ghent, Carroll county, Ky., purchased
 three negroes—a mother and her two
 children—one of the latter, a girl some
 eight or nine years of age, being an
 f idiot. In consideration of his taking
 i the idiot child off the hands of the for
 i mer owner, he got the mother and the
 other child at a very low price.
 r The child was given up into the
 hands of an old negro woman, in a
 cabin some distance from the owner's
 residence, to be taken care of. Hav
 -1 ing occasion, however, for the service
 of the woman about his premises, the
 idiot was left in the cabin, binding it
 a great burdeu, he offered to give any
 f one who would take it a hundred dollars,
 i This offer was promptly accepted by
 a man who was standing by, who, in
 turn offered fifty dollars to any one who
 i would take it from him. The offer
 I was acceded to by a third person, who
 i immediately offered twenty-five dollars
 to any one to take it on the conditions
 l on which he had done. A customer
 l was not long wanting"—the bargain was
 struck, and the twenty-five dollars paid
 l The fellow into whose hands the
 i idiot last fell, in company with another,
 i proceeded to the cabin, some two miles
 1 distant, on a cold frosty morning, took
 ithe child out almost naked and bare
 footed, and drove it before them almost
 i the whole distance —her feet having
 i been cut by the hard, frosty ground.
 The monsters took the child to a flat
 or store boat, lying up there, and for a
 i while amused themselves by placing
 her on a hot stove, with her bare feet,
 i burning them most horribly, and ap
 plying them to different parts of her
 body. The owner of the boat coming,
 in, ordered the fellows to leave his
 premises, which they did.
 One of the rascals then procured a
 skiff, put the child into it and proceeded
 down the river. He shortly after re
 turned without the child; and upon
 being asked what he had done with it,
 refused to give any satisfaction. A flat
 boat coming along in the course of a
 few hours, he jumped into it, and has
 not since been heard of. The child
 was doubtless drowned, or left upon the
 bank of the river to die.
 The affair has created considerable
 feeling among the community in which
 it took place, and the individual who
 purchased the family is greatly dis
 tressed. He doubtless offered and paid
 the #lOO in good faith, believing it
 would be amply sufficient compensation
 for the trouble of taking care of the
 idioc. He has offered a reward for the
 recovery of the child. It is to be hoped
 that the villains concerned in torturing
 and making away with the idiot will be
 arrested and severely punished.
 P. S. —Since writing the above, we
 find a paragraph in the Madison Ban
 ner, in which it is said that a fellow
 named Ross, Alias Crawford, has been
 arrested in Madison, supposed to be
 the scoundrel who took the skiff. He
 is now in jail in that city.— New Albany
 (la.) Ledger, Jan. 30.
 A Wolf Story.—The following is
 aa extract of a letter from Col. W. H.
 Steeman, an officor of the British army
 in ladia:
 Court of Lucknow, Hindoostan,
 India, Oct. 3, 1850.—1 must now tell
 you about a poor boy, who was found
 in a wolfs den, with a wolf and three
 whelps. When dug into by some of
 my troopers, they all bolted together,
 and the boy ran so fast on all fours,
 that he outstripped the whelps, and was
 with difficulty taken by a mounted
 trooper. The mother of the whelp*
 had carried him off from his parents
 some years before, and brought him up
 as her own offspring in her den. I
 have more instances of the same kind,
 and had what they call' a wild man of
 the woods’ brought tome yesterday,
 sent by the King of Oude. He was
 caught twenty-five years ago m a jun
 gle in the vyoods, when he was about
 eighteen years of age. He had been
 brought up by a wolf, but she died, and
 be was taken in a starving state by a
 hermit, who weaned him from eating
 raw flesh. One of the king’s soldiers
 got him from the hermit, and presented
 him to the king, by whom, and by bis
 successors, he has ever since been
 taken care of. It was many year* be
 fore be could be made to wear clothing,
 and even now he dislikes the society of
 men. He speaks, but only in reply to
 questions, and then it is with difficulty
 understood.*
 Thb Puritans” were called such
 ia sheer contempt. What jeers and
 flouts lay in the sarcasm, as it flashed
 frooi the lips of witty Cavaliers! But
 they who bore it made it noble. It has
 rung over Europe, like a trumpet-blast
 of Freedom. It has been a watch
 word of honor for centuries. Men an
 proud of it now, who would have flung
 it with contempt at the Roundheads in
 their day. ,r The Abolitionists** will
 hot wait ages for their recompense of
 honor, if they be true U&gt; Humanity and
 to Truth ,~~hd€pmd€nt.
2U9crti*cnmito.
Asylui for the sick.
 DR. HAMILTON’S Hydroputkk and Analytic
 Aayltßß, No 117 Exchange Street, opposite the
 Orphan Asylum, Rochester, N.Y. This Institution
 is ww firmly established and in sacccssfiil opera
 tion. The proprietor analyses every diseas e:hat is
 admitted there, and applies the natural and appro
 priate remedy. Although water is need in every way
 that is applied in any water-cure establishment in
 the United States, yet tb&gt;; proprietor wishes it to be
 expressly understood that h is not relied on as the only
 or principal temedy in the treatment of disease sub
 mitted to his care.
 This Establishment is designed for that class of
 invalids who have foiled to obtain their health by all
 other systems sf practice, and are still unable to
 aralk or stand on their fcet, and are confined to their
 beds, wearing out a life of misery and suffering with
 out any hope of aver being any better.
 The remedies made use of in this Institution not
 only entirely remove disease hut give increased
 strength and elasticity to the system. Many have
 been Drought here from different parts of the coun
 try, who had neither walked or borne their weight
 on tbeir feet from five to fifteen years; and some
 who have been unable to dress or undress, or even
 to feed themselves, and in the course of a few weeks
 would be walking with the elasticity of yooth and
 I the quickness of a pedestrian, astonished at them
 selves, and surprising their friends and all who saw
 them when they first came. The treatment of tbia
 Institution ia particularly calculated to remove the
 diseases peculiar to females, such as
 Ist. The falling of the Womb, in all its stages
 and conditions in patients, from twelve years of age
 up to sixty, and even if they have been confined to
 tbeir beds from one to twenty, unable to stand, walk,
 dress, or undress themselves, or even too feeble to
 bear any noise or apeak aloud.
 2d. weakness and Fatting P-;
 in the Side, Shoulders, Duck and Head- Spinan
 Diseases, Liver Complaints, Sinking Sensation at
 the Stomach, Palpitation of the Heart, Dyspepsia
 all its forms and stages, Piles, f ostiveaese, Di
 arrhoea, Suppression of the Menses, Excessive
 Menstruation, Whites, all Nervous Diseases, Cold
 Feet and 11 ands, St. Anthony’s Dance, Tetters of
 all kinds, Salt Rheum, in its worst forms, Neural
 gia, Tic Douloureux, Rheumatism, Consumptiod in
 iu first stages, General Weakness and Debility.
 The proprietor has givea his whole attention to
 the above diseases for the hut ten years, and has
 treated them in an entirely different way from any
 other private practice or public Institution in this
 country; and such has been hi? success, and so cer
 tain we his remedies in tneir effects on those dis
 eases, that instead of publishing a long list of cer
 tified cures, be wishes to give that class of invalids
 ■eekiag to obtain their health a sufficient guarantee
 against any foists preunsions, exaggeration, impo
 sition nr deception, so tliat no one need be to any
 expense in this Institution without being benefited
 The proprietor will enter into a special contrac
 with any one who wishes to do so, that he will ad
 mit into the Institution, to advance the money and
 pay all the expenses from any part of the United
 States here and back home again, before be com
 mences the treatment, and give a bond to board them,
 together with his professional services, for nothing,
 if he does not help them according to contract. Any
 one thinking the above proposition not a sufficient
 guarantee against misrepresentations and expense
 wthout receiving equal benefit, can let the proorie
 or know what wil- be satisfactory, and it shall|be
 duly considered.
 Thts Institution has grown up from private prac
 tice by the influence of those who have been helped
 here, as nothing has ever been published before;
 and the proprietor means that it shall sustain itsel.
 by its own merits, or pay the expense of those who
 choose to make a contract in ease of failure. The
 design of this Circular is not to make known the
 cures that have been made in this institution, because
 they must soon be believed; but to let it be mor
 extensively known to the poor suffering invalids
 that have spent hundreds of dollars in trying all
 other systems of practice, and without much or any
 benefit, and still remain confined to their beds from
 five to twenty years, that there is an Institution
 whose treatment is different from any other one die
 United States, and is particularly adapted to their
 situation, and can have it cost them nothing unlesa
 they are materially benefited.
 From the nature of treatment in this Institution,
 the nnmber of patients must be limited, therefore the
 proprietor does not solicit the patronage of alight and
 ordinary cases which may be easily helped by other
 systems of practice; nor does he want any one to
 come, unless they wish to get wed, and are willing
 to Le made well enough to walk from five to twenty
 miles at a time, and follow it up day after day in
 succession; and also willing to be made able to en
 dure as much labor and fatigue as most of people
 that call themselves well, as he means that every
 one that goes through a thorough course ol treatment
 in the Analytic Institution shall show by their in
 creased strength, elasticity of motion, firmness oi
 texture, capability of endurance, and improved
 health, that the treatment in this Institution ia found
 ed on the natural lawa of organised matter, and
 consequently it* superiority over every other dif
 ferent system of practice.
 AH communications addressed to Dr. THOMAS
 HAMILTON, Rochester, post paid, will receive
 immediate attention. If requested, reference will
 be made to those who have been helped in this Insti
 tution and also good references as to responsibility
 or klie proprietor to meet the above expenses if,
 required.
ATHOL WATER CURE*

 HPHE Subscriber beg* leave to call the attention
 A of Invalid*, especially those Buffering from
 chronic disease, to hi* hydropathic establishment in
 Athol, Mass.
 His house was opened for the reception of patients
 past season, and it is believed offers excellent faciti
 dies for a philosophic and thorough course in hydro
 pathy. The supply of water is abundant, and in
 purity has been pronounced equal to water on a
 (distilled.” The location is quite eligible, being but
 a short distance from the V. It M. railroad. The
 vicinity abounds in a variety of scenery, and has
 charming grounds for walks and rambles. So that
 with tlie water, suitable regimen, mountain air, and
 exercise, patients can scarcely fail to obtain the
 heahhlnl results for which they labor.
 The following case illustrates this remark. Mrs.
 8., wife of Dea. 8., of Warwick, Mass., aged
 about thirty-five years, was brought to me last
 August. Her case preseated the followiag pheno
 mena. If placed in an erect position, and left un
 supported, she forthwith fell backward to the
 ground. If being well supported, she made an
 effort to walk, either foot, when carried forward,
 despite her efforts to the contrary, would cross the
 other. She had been in this condition nearly a
 year. Her treatment commenced the 16th of Sept.,
 and was continued to the 26th Oct. only, when she
 left, so far recovered as to be able to walk half a
 mile with ease. Since her return to her family, shel
 has continued her baths, with corresponding im
 hrovement to her health. She now attends to her
 aomestic duties, and with the assistance of a small
 girl, does the work of her family.
 pePatients are desired to bring three comfortables,
 don pair of woollen blankets, one pair of sheets,
 half a dozen towels marked, with old linen tor
 bandages.
 Terms, from five to ten dollars per week, accord
 ing to the necessities or choice of the patient*.
 Those who are less particular in the selection ol
 rooms, or are willing to occupy them in common
 with others, will be charged less.
 Athol, March. 1848. GEORGE HOYT.
Free LiNr
 MANUFACTURED by the American Free Pro*
 dace Association, and for sale at No. 81, North
 Fifth-street, Philadelphia:
 Manchester Ginghams; Checks, Apron and Fur
 niture; Canton Flannel, unbleached; Muslin,
 bleached and unbleached, of various qualities am
 width: thin Muslin for linings, brown and colored;
 Bird Eye Towels; black and white Wadding;
 Cotton Laps; Lamp Wick; Bed Ticking, an ex
 cellent article; Calico, Stockings, Knitting Cotton,
 Jtc. &amp;c.
 Orders for Goods, or letters desiring information,
 may bo addressed to J. Miller McKim, 81, North
 Fifth-street; Daniel L. Miller, Tenth-street; or to
 Jatnos Mott, No. 85, Church Alley.
 A large and handsome assortment of Prints now
 on hand. |nl —tf
 Cslsred Sailors’ Hobo,
 330, Peart Street, New York.
 FRIENDS of the sieve, and strangers on a visit
 to New York, can now be accommodated with
 as good Board,and at as lowa price as in any other
 bouse is the city. Tbs house is large and con
 venient; wHI hold comfortably seventy persons.
 Families can have private rooms, and every atten
 tion paid to their comfort WM&lt; P. POWELL.
 May 11 ,1849
 ta Falner’s Artificial Lag,
 THIS entirely new, beautiful, and eminently *er
 vicable limb, which has received the highest
 awards and most hearty testimonials of all the
 principal scientific institutions and surgeons of
 hospitals ia this country, in addition to lions who
 have used the limb, as being in every respect sups,
 rior to any limb ever before invented in Europe or
 America, is now manufactured ia SjfrmgfiM, Meet.,
 by Messrs. Film, Coniuxn Hod suit.
 Tkty werasa sates ttUu/adtan
 KCrXBEVCKS.
 Dr*. Hs niLToir and RraantTK, of Buffalo,
 Dr. Gansoir, Batavia.
 Dr*. Waasva* and Moo**, Rochester.
 Dr. Poma, Goraaa*£&lt;wht wears one.)
 Dr. Hooon, Ijrraooss asp 14-4 tn
lalst«4’B Eclectic Medlctl listitvte
 a»4 Water-Cve EhUMiakaeit.
 rUS Institution baa been in surorafful operation
 during fourteen years, for the cure of all Chronic
 Diseases, mad such us cannot be removed by madi.
 ciae alone.
 MORE THAN THREE THOtHSAND Pa
 tienrs have been restored to health mid -nlYfem
 by the treatment punned at this Institution, who
 could not find relief by any other coarse of medi
 cine. Hundreds who had bee* confined to their
 beds for yearn, and who were alaos ia daauair,
 have had renewed hope and courage u hen they have
 learned that others, laboring under as many discour
 agements as thoasehrao, have been cured by this
 treatment after everything also had foiled.
 Those who are laboring under CHRONIC, NER
 VOUS, or SPINAL difficulties, CURVATURES,
 foe., which produce symptoms of almost all other
 diseases, with their accompaniments—as DYS
 PEPSIA,RHEUMATISM,NEURALGIA, COS
 TIVENESS, LOSS OF THE USE OF THE
 LIMBS, NUMBNESS, LOW SPIRITS, PAR
 TIAL INSANITY, and a host of odier diseases
 arising from the same cause—SPINAL WEAK
 NESS, which they nor their physicians understand,
 and which medicine alone wiH not cure—to sneh
 sufferers we would my, we are curing hundreds itwt
 like you every year. Physiciana bring their wives
 and children to have them cured—why not come
 yourselves, and save life, time and money 1
 We are using water in all the various ways iu
 which it is applied in water-cine establishments; yet
 we do not rely selely upon it, or upon medicines as
 they are generally understood and applied; hut a
 COUIIIIID TREATMENT WITH ELECTRICITY,
 and a new mode of application which truly is magi
 cal in its efficacy, and is always sure to cure, in one
 half the time it taken under any other treatment,
 allowing that treatment to be successful, which is not
 the cane one time in ten.
 Fkmalx Diseases.— Prolapsus Uteri (fallioa
 or URS wumtr,; Iwuwihlmii (irklaas J
 excessive menstruation, the diseases incident to
 that period known as the turn of life’—involuntary
 discharge of urine and injuriea from Childbearing,
 which are more frequent than Physicians are willing
 to acknowledge, especially within their own practice.
 Females frequently suffer for years from the diseases
 incident to their sex, and linger out a life of help
 lessness and pain, when a few weeks’ or at most a
 few months’treatment, would remove their difficulties
 and restore them to their families, with health to
 labor, to enjoy themselves, and to contribute to the
 happiness of others. This lias never failed to be
 accomplished in a single instance in this Institution,
 however weak and helpless the patient may have
 been on entering it. Many have come hundred! of
 miles on beds, in easy chairs, by bout, by carnage
 and railroad, who bad not walked for years. These
 ladies have walked miles daily before leaving the
 Institution.
 Suck is mar knowledge and canfdence in this unpar
 alelled treatment for all long standing or Chronic dis
 eases, of whatever kind or nature, that we mil offer the
 foUowmr
 PROPOSITION:
 Wt will enter into a special written agreement with
 suck as desire tt, who enter the Institution, follow the
 rules and regulations, and go through the system of
 treatment, to pay theer travelling expenses to and from
 the Institution, and board, lodge and nurse them, and
 gine them our professional services, free of charge, if
 they are not helped according to agreement. This it is
 hoped will put a stop to cries of empyricigm from
 those interested in keeping patients under thdirown
 charge, and will be a guarantee to those worn out
 by disease, who have spent much of their substance
 ia procuring medicine, and seeking relief, without
 finding it; that here they will not spend tneir money
 without benefit, and that no false statements or im
 positions will be practiced upon them.
 The modus operandi of curing Female difficulties is
 a new discovery and practised only at this Institution.
 The most helpless and feeble cases, who have been con
 kned for years, art relieved immediately, and if not pre
 vented from walking by OTHER diseases, esa go ud
 and down stairs in 48 hours after commsnctng treatment,
 without fear or trouble in regard to their omaiHAL dif
 ficulty. To produce this almost instantaneous relit/,
 the patient ie subjected to no pain or inconvenience, and
 m every instance a speedy cure is performed. If any
 one doubt* let them select the most trying and diffi
 cult cate they can find, and test out veracity and shill.
 Our TERMS are easy.
 N. B. —Any one wisbing to know more about our
 system of treatment for Loifa diseases or any other
 difficulty can address us [post paid] and we will
 send them an account of the Institution—Certificates
 of cure—official report of last year, fce., free oi
 charge—together with tlie most respectable refer
 ences in the city and country.
 P. S.—Our room is limited, therefore we want
 none to apply that can be cured at home. We pride
 ourselves in curing what others are not fortunate
 enough to do.
 Communications should be addressed toll alsted
 Hall, Medical Institute, Rochester, N. Y., post
 paid.
 Reverences.— Joseph Field Ex-Mayor, and
 Rev. G. W. Montgomery, Rocliester, N. Y.
“Every Man his own Physician.”
 THE HOME DOCTOR.
 JUBT PUBLISHED, a new and valuable book
 r for every family in the country, and one that may
 be consulted with perfect nafety. As its title page
 indicates, it is “THE HOME DOCTOR, or Family
 Manual, giving the causes, symptoms and treatment
 of Diseases; with an account ol the syßtem while in
 health, and rules for preserving that state. Appen
 ded to which are recipes for making various medi
 -1 cine* and articles for diet for the sick room. The
 1 whole written for general use and dailyfcractice, by
 John B. Newmao, M. D.”
 Also, accompanying this book, or separate, is
 “THE HERB BOOK, a book devoted exclusively
 to Herbs, giving their names, varieties,description,
 medical properties and doses, use, time of gathering,
 and many other directions very useful for every fam
 ily to know, and written expressly for family use.”
 The Herb Book is devoted solely to Popular Med
 cal Botany, and will furnish ob that point all the
 nesired information wanted for general use.”
 The two books are put up and bound together and
 contain 200 pages, price 25 ceuts.or sold separate
 at 12£ cents.
 The symptoms of each disease are carefully given
 so that oae may be recognised from another, to pre
 vent practising in the dark; also the treatment, a
 sketch of general physiology, and rules lor keeping
 in health, together with observations on their causes,
 means of avoiding deleterious influences, and such
 other remarks as are ieemed appropriate, for both
 malt and ftmalt
 The book has been written with great care, is
 plain, simple, common-sense style easily to be un
 derstood by every person, and by a practical physi
 cian ami a thorough botanist. We can recommend
 it with entire confidence, ns being a work superior
 in all respects to any other book of the kind ever
 published at the price.
 Families hi the country, and especially those liv
 ing in new countries and unhealthy climates, should
 not fail to procure a copy and have it at all times a
 hand, in case of sickness as they might thereby by
 some simple remedv save am expensive and protrac
 ted doctors bill. Whether well or sick, such a book
 should be in every house as a safe and sore adviser
 in time of need, the direction given for persons ia
 health cannot be too strictly atteded to by all.
 The Drice at which the book is told is so low that
 every family may have a copy, and none should be
 without it.
 Tka kut lm put up, im Ibp.r kiniUpgi mmd c«u
 easily lie sent by mail. Postage only 6 j cents to an)
 mart of the United States.
 OO* Any person sending us one dollar by mai ano
 pre-paying postage on the letter, shall have fow
 copies sent bint fret of pottage.
 Scud in your orderss, there is no lisk in sending
 money by mail, it comes to us daily, and the books
 always reach th“V destination.
 OCf" Four families can club together and send a
 dollar bill, and have four books sent to one address
 WANTED—Agents in most of the States to sell
 this work, almost every family will purchase it if
 carried to their doors. A small capital of from |3U
 to $5O will be necessary for each agent. Address,
 nut paid, GEO. W. FISHER,
 April 1,1849. 6 Exchange-st, Rochester. N. Y
 JUST PUBLISHED.and for sale nt the office o
 of the Anti-Slavery Standard—
 The Legion of Liberty and Force of Tr nth Ith
 edition.
 This work contains about 990 pages of dose
 reading; 900 eminent authorities, anid about sixty
 illustrative engravings. Price 37| cts. in muslin,
 and 93 cents in paper coven. A very liberal dis
 count to those who purchase a number of oopies.
 The Condition, Influence Rights and Appeal of
 Women from various authors, 12J cents.
 Letter to the Pemtle of the United Stales touching
 the Matter of Slavery. By Theodore Parker—
 pp. 120. PrieolOl cents.
 Wm. VT. Brown’s Lecture before the Female A S.
 Society of Salem Mass. Reported by H. M.
 Parkburst, Boston—pp. 22. Price S cents.
 jiaft-glaYery Office,
 AT*. 31, North Fifth Street, Philttdeifhia.
 A FULL assortment of anti-slavery publication
 fag*
 All letters relating to the business of the office
 to bo directed toj. Miller McKim, 91, North
 FUth-tttoet, Philadelphia.
 1 I m
 CJaungSdoo.
FREE PRODUCE STORE.
 GOODS j*M neind. Omni ndaslisn
 FtJM 4~4 Print* various styles.
 s** styles of Prims of medium quality, msl width.
 Fiae sod wide Paper Mmiim. Also Cokrsd
 Cambrics.
 Curtain Calico. Superior fine Chintz UaMu
 Oil dotlie.
 Satinets, rood and cheap. Also oa baud, neatly a
 reduced prices Ginghams v»rn.&lt;«* qualities aad
 styles.
 TT Bhini Shaetin Pilfow
 Striped Cambrics. Fine 6-4 Plaid Muelia.'i
 Mwlia de Laiae, plain and neatly Sgurad, all wool.
 Linen*, warranted free front cottm.
 Flannel* 4-4 good and price low. Can tea flnsMfc
 white aad colored.
 Table Diaper end Cloths, of different styles.
 Apron sad Fart. Check. Cottoa Handherthiefe-
 Cotton Twilled Paataioea Stuffs. Arne 1:
 Drilling Ac. WIN
 t°° f d lf Ho «d hear*.
 Wadding white aad colored Cottoa Laos. Aka
 Refined Loaf Crushed and PultaiwdW
 Brown Sugar good quality, of various grades.
 The whole stock exclusively Free Labor Goode
 to which the Subscriber would invite die attention
 of country merchants ae well as his friends aad tha
 public generally.
 Much pains is taken by the Managers of tbo Free
 Produce Association, to Miiit the Subscriber to
 large the assortmeut from time to time.
 GEORGE W. TAYLOR,
 Northwest corner Fifth aad Cherry -ate
 Philadelphia 2d mo. l«t, 1848. tf
 CNPARAILHHNraE HISTORY 01
 AS THE MOST
 Remarkable External Appllcatioi
 Ever WsroTfred!
 TIME and experience have hilly proved that this
 UNIVERSAL REMEDY has not its equal
 on the list of popular medicines, having been before
 the public for more than fourteen year*. Testimo
 ny of the moat disinterested character of its won
 derful effect* on the animal economy is almost daily
 presented to the proprietor. It is worthy of spe
 cial remark, that beside the great aad extraordinary
 powers in the cure of
 DISEASES OF THE HORSE,
 in which ita virtue* first attracted the attention ot
 the Farrier and Fanner, and the wonder of the
 public generally, it ha* been *ecces«fiiny employed
 in a great variety of the maladies which
 AFFLICT THE HUMAN RACE.
 Ignorance of fact* and philosophy, start at the
 assertion that amr one remedy can possess within
 itself the virtue of curing many diseases. Experi
 ence of more than fourteen years has nevertheless
 estahlisited the fact, that Merchant's Celebrated
 Gargling Oil, or Universal Family Embrocation,
 will cure most cases and relieve such as the follow
 ing, among many others in the cure of which this
 Oil has been completely successful aad in which oth
 er pretended remedies have completely failed-
 RHEVMATEBM PAINFUL NERVOUS AF
 fe»t»&gt;ns. Bites of Animals, Frost Bites, Corns,
 Boils, Whitlows, Asthma, Bruises, Burns,
 ami Scalds, Cramps, Strains, Sprains,
 Ulcers from local causes, Caked
 Breasts, Contractions of the mus
 cles,Wounds, Swellings, Ac.
 Also a host of diseases
 in Horses and other
 animals,such as
 SPA VINS,
 Sweeney,
 RINGBONE,
 Windgatl, Poll Evil,
 Callous, Cracked Heels,
 Galls of all kinds,
 Fresh Wounds, Bruises,
 Fistula, Sitfast, Strains, Lameness,
 Sand Cracks, Foundered Feet, Scratches
 OR GREASE, MANGE, FARCY, ft,
 Numerous are tlie unsolicited statements of pa
 tients themselves,and others who have nsad the Oil
 of cure* which in themselves appear so remarkable
 that were they at all interested iu a pecuniary ooiat.
 liter could hardly have been credited.
 The celebrated Dr. Parker also write* as follows:
 Dear Sir: I have prescribed your Gargling Oil a
 various cases of
 PRACTICAL SURGERY,
 as a liniment, with marked success,and would cent
 mend it to physicians generally for external use ia
 all contusions, tumors, sprains, white swellings
 and in all rheumatic affections, where external
 meaas are necessary. As a discutient, it is harm
 less where the febrile symptoms have been reduced
 by general treatment. In such cases, it is the most
 efficient remedy within the circle of means uow in
 use.
 I would also recommend it to community at largu
 as a safe and powerful remedy where there is no
 general fever in all the above diseases, to be ami
 freely, and to counteract inflammation in a remark
 able manner. In bruised wounds it prevents eweii
 ng, and consequent soreness in hot weather.
 From the peouliar nature of this Oil, and the
 unparalleled success it has met with ia the hands of
 the FARRIER, FARMER sad STAGE PRO.
 PRIETOR, it is bat justice to say, that of the
 great number of medicines which have been oflered,
 none have been so well adapted to the prompt cure
 of Diseases to which Horses are liable; it has been
 very justly called a Complete Panacea far the Horae
 For instance, read the following:
 TO OWNERS OF HOUSES.
 This is to certify that I have had for many years tbs
 care of from one hundred to two hundred horses
 and have made use of Merchant's Gargling Oil for
 Iwo years past, and can safely say, that for all the
 diseases that horses are liable to, I never saw iu
 equal. I use about one bottle per month, and re
 eommend it to the public as the best medicine for
 horses uow in use. E D MINOR.
 All orders addressed to the proprietor will ba
 promptly responded to.
 Get a pamphlet of the Agent, and see what won
 ders are accomplished by the use of this mediciae.
 Sold by respectable dealers generally in the Uni
 ted States and Canada.
 Also by Post A Willis, Wm. Piths, L. B
 Swan, Winslow A Youso, H. D. Wad*
 Rochester.
 H A E Gaylord, Henderson A Pandersmi, Clevs
 land, O.; G Ding A Son, Columbus, O.; Gordon
 A Israel, Cincinnati, O.; McClure A Co, Alban.,
 Hollister A Co, Bufialo; Greenmail A Smith, Uti
 ca; P D Orris A Co, Troy, NY. July )»—fifo
 British Periodical Literature,
 The London Quarterly Renew, the Edinburgh Renew
 The North Bruith Renew, the Weetmin Renew
 and Blackwood’ Edinburgh Magazine.
 THE widespread fame ot these splendid periodi
 cals renders it needless to say much in their praise.
 As literary orgaus, they stand far m advance of
 anything of the sort now published, while the polit
 ical complexion of each is marked by dignify,
 candor, and forbearance, not often found in. woefca
 of ifWyAm
 They embrace the views of the three great partial
 in England—Tory. Whig, and Radical. Bksi
 wood and tbo London Quarterly are Tory; lie
 Edinburgh Review Whig; aad the Waatmfe.
 ster Review Radical. The North Briushlt
 view is m ore of a religious character, haring bsaa
 originally edited by Dr. Chalmers, aad now, saaae
 his death, being conducted by his aon-ia-law, D.
 Hanna, associated with Sir David Brewster. Its
 literary character mof the very highest order. Hu
 Westinjnster, though reprinted under that title only,
 is publ; seed in England under the title of The For
 eign Q uarter ly and Westminster—it being in fast a
 union of the twu Reviews formerly republished aad
 reprinted under separate titles. It has, therefore,
 die advantage by this combination &gt;f uniting in one
 work the best features of both as heretofore issued.
 The above Periodicals art reprinted in New York,
 immdiately on thelf arrival by the British steamers,
 in a beauuful clear type, on fine white paper, aad
 are faithful copies of the originals, Blackwood’s
 Magazine, being an oxaet/aesraufr of the Edinburgh
 edition.
 PRICES FOR 1846, (if subscribed for rarlt.)
 For say one of the four Reviews, ft M per annum
 For any two do 5 00
 For any three do 7 00
 For all four of the Reviews, 8 00
 For Blackwood's Magazine, »00
 For Blackwood and the S Reviews, *OO
 For Blackwood A the 4 Reviews, 1000
 Payments to be made m allcases in advance,
 CLUBBING.
 Four copies of any or all tbs above works win
 tent to one address on payment of Iks regafer aad
 xnption for three the fourth copy being grab*.
 EARLY COPIES.
 A late arrangement with tne British publishers a
 Slack wood's Magasme
 hat work, by wbU w« shall be able to pkes the
 •tire number in the baud* of subscribers before say
 portion of it can be reprinted in any of the American
 our sals- For this and other advantages secured to
 ur subscriber* we pay so large a coasideraUoa, that
 Ly be compelled to raise (he price of the kbum
 use. Therefor* we repeat subscribe early wfcfls
 Remittances and' communication should Is ways
 AlUfMflide pool Dik) or friikediM Utm iwitt
 ]K^!iKII P B£OTT*C O WB 7
 TO Fakon Stmt, Ndw Y«k
"
