".The NORTH STAR is published every
 Thursday, at No. 3ft. Buffalo Street*
 (Opposite Ike Arcade.)
TERMS.
 Two dollar! per annual, always in advance. No
 subscription will be received for a les* term than
 six months.
 Advertisements not exceeding ten line* inserted
 three times for one dollar; every subsequent inser
 tion, twenty-five cents. ____
The Girted of the NosthStas will be to abolish
 SLAVERY m all its forms and aspects;
 Universal EwsncirxTioit; exalt the standard
 of public morality, promote the moral and intellec
 iml improvement ol ibe Colored P*OFLS; and
 hasten the day of FREEDOM to the Thrk*
 Mil mows of our enslaved fellow countrymen.
PUBLISHER’S NOTICES
All eomnmnicniions relating to the tnmneo*
 mattert of the paper, names of su. &gt;scribers, remit
 tances, &amp;c., should be addressed t&gt; FREDERICK
 Doteuss, Editor, Rochester, N. Y.
 £Jr Agents, and all others sending names, are
 raiuested to lie accurate, and to give the Poet office,
 the County, and the State. Each Subscriber is im
 mediately credited for money received.
 QCh Any person sending in payment for four sub
 scribers, to be forwarded to one address, may
 have a fifth copy for one year.
 All letters and communications must be post paid
LIST OF AGENTS.
M ai» achositts.—R.l 1 Wallcut, 21, Corhill,
 Boston; Nathan Johnson, New Bedford; Horatio
 W. Foster Lowell; James N. Buffum, Lynn;
 Bourne Spooner, Plymouth.
 Connecticut. —Jabez Cogswell, Brookfield.
 New York.— Sydney H. Gay, 142, Nassau
 Street; William Harned. Ami-Slavery Office, 61,
 John Street; John J. Zuille, 48, Watts Street;
 Joseph Post, Westbury, Queen County; Mery
 Harper, Albany, Elias Doty, Macedon; Wif
 etts Reese, Peru, Clinton County; J- F. PUtt,
 Penn Yan; J. Jeffrey, Geneva; E. L. Platt, Bath;
 Willis Stark, Medina, Orleans 00-; W illiim Brom
 ley, Lockport.
 Fifth Street, Philada; Wm. Whipper, Columbia;
 SsiTio A. Townsend, New Brighton; B. E. Bown,
 Salem.
 Ohio. —J. J. Gaines, Cincinnati; Charier
 Hand, Harveyshurgh,Clinton Co; Samuel Brooke,
 Salem D. Huntingdon, Chardnn, Geauga Co.;
 Hugh Hamilton, Lowellville, Mahoning County; J.
 D- Fattersou, Oberlin; S. 1). Jenkins, Columbtus.
 Michigan. —Robert Banks, Detroit; Dr. J
 B. Barnes, Owasso, Shiawasse Co.
 Indiana. —Willis Fowles, New Albany.
 Illinois. lleoiv O. Waggoner, Chicago;
 Marshall Hayward, Richmond, M’Henry Co.
 lowa. —Alexander Clark, Muscatine.
 Canada.—John Junes Carey, Toronto.
WILLIAM B. CLOI’GH, PRINTER.
©elections.
SLAVERY IN 1851.
 The Exhibition of 1851 will doubt
 less give rise to a number of demonstra
 tions on various subjects and divers
 parties—social, political, and religious.
 It has been proposed, by our excel
 lent Contemporary the Morning Ad
 vcrti&amp;tv, that there shall be one on the
 subject of Slavery—a proposition which
 commends itself to every right-minded
 man in the kingdom. Not that the
 Yankees can charge us at all with in
 difference on the subject; our Eman
 cipation Act and all our subsequent
 proceedings forbid such a conclusion;
 but least they should think that our
 horror ot slavery diminishes, and that
 at length we have come to regard their
 offence as comparatively trival; or, at
 any rate, as not being, under all cir
 cumstances,inconsistent with the Chris
 tian profession, it is proper from time
 to time to jog their, memory. To sup
 pose that the anti-slavery spirit of
 England is abated, is quite a mistake;
 although we admit, at the same time,
 that due allowance must be made for
 their darkness on the score of defec
 tive education, and the one-sided view
 they get of the subject from those to
 whom they look up for instruction and
 guidance. It is remarkable to what
 an extent men high in the Christian
 world, and otherwise blear-sighted, in
 telligent, calm, and candid, have, on
 this subject, been blinded by local
 prejudice, party feeling, and defective
 moral training.
 At this moment, we can call to mind
 no case in which the conduct of a body
 of ministers has been so utterly repre
 hensible as that of the American
 Clergy in their iniquitous yielding to
 that public opinion which it should have
 been the great object of their pulpit
 and pastoral labors to correct and ele
 vate. Our Contemporary cites a
 striking and well-known instance of
 this: early in the present century, the
 General Assembly of the Presbyterian j
 Church declared Slavery a “sin,” and:
 slaveholders as “sinners,” “mansteal- j
 ers,” “perpetrators of the highest kind
 of theft;” while in 1843 they came to
 a compromise with them, by resolving,
 “that this Assembly do not think it tit
 for the edification of the Church, to
 take any action on the subject of Sla-
 very!” It is surely something new in
 the history of the Presbyterian Church
 to come to a resolution not to rebuke
 iniquity! The Rev. Dr. Cox, of Brook
 lyn, who was present on the occasion,
 is reported to have said, —“Thank
 God, our Vesuvius is capped for the
 next three years!” Let those who are i
 in “alliance” with slaveholding Chris
 tians” think ot that!
 As Slavery, however, is so obvious
 ly opposed both to the letter and spirit
 of the Bible, it cannot be wondered at
 that so many of the wise and good
 should regard the epithet “Slave-hold
 ing Christians” as a contradiction in
 terms. But it is not so regarded in
 America. Men who have every claim
 to be considered as at least conscien-!
 tious, may be found defending it even!
 from the Book of God! For example,!
 the Rev. Moses Stuait, D.D., a man
 of high intellectual attainments, and
 great influence, and who may, in fact,
 be considered as holding a first place
 amongst the Biblical critics of his own
 country, has actually attempted to
 justify the ti affic in the bodies of men
 and women from the pages of the In
 spired Volume! Even—we blush to
 write it!—the infamous Fugitive Slave
 Bill has received his sanction, and its
 cruel authors have been honored with
 his applause Now, if Slavey had no
 other ill effect than this melancholy
 perveraiou of the moral rectitude of
 such a mao, it would deserve the scorn
 ful and indignant execration of all man
 kind.
 But the Presbyterian Church and
 Dr. Moses Stuart, unfortunately, by
 no means stand alone in this matter.
 Dr. Parker, of Philadelphia, is report
 ed by Dr. Pennington to have said in
 a recent sermon, “That there were no
 evils in slavery but such as were in
 separable from any other i elation in
 life!” Now, if these terms have the
 same signification from that Doctors’s
 lips as they have from those of other
 men, we are utterly at a loss to recon
 cile such a statement with decency.
 For, to go no further, Dr, Stnythe, au
 Irishman by birth, but for many years
 a slaveholder and Christian minister at
 Charleston, South Carolina, is said, in
THE NORTH STAR.
 i
FREDERICK DOUGLASS, EAltvr ill Proprietor.
VOL. IV. NO. 15.
marrying slaves, always to omit the
 words, “Whom God hath joined let no
 man put asunder.” In fact, the mar
 riage of slaves is the merest farce
 imaginable inasmuch as they are torn
 asunder and parted for life at the
 merest caprice of their “owners,” and
 that with as litte compunction as beasts
 of burden are separated. It is merely
 licenced concubinage. Is this an “evil
 irseparable from any other condition
 tn life?” The thought inspires indig
 nant disgust. Here is a Christian
 minister, a professed expounder of the
 Gospel of troth and justice, love and
 mercy, performing a solemn ceremony
 —rather should we say, a cruel mock
 ery!—which he knows his Divine Mas
 ter pronounced as a union for life, with
 the fact before him, that at any mo
 ment, and perhaps after years and
 tender offspring have endeared it, this
 compact may be broken on the auction
 block, and the parties severed to meet
 on earth no more! Well may infidels
 scoff and mock at such a religion!
 This stigma, however, i 9 not to be
 fixed on any individual minister, in
 particular; for, as our contemporary
 asserts, “Synods and assemblies of di
 vines have declared, that the marriage
 lie between slaves is not binding.”:
 Why then enact the solemn and tanta
 lizing farce of performing the mocking
 ceremony The poor slave, instead
 of the feelings of hope and happiness
 which are naturally associated with
 such an event, must look round on the
 uncertainty of his affairs, and be stung 1
 with the reflection, “Ah! If I mind not I
 what lam about, or, if his pecuniary!
 necessities press, my master will sell'
 me away to the South, and my wife—l
 shall see her no more forever!” Let
 the husbands of England place them
 selves in this position, and ask them-!
 selves how they can reconcile this with;
 Christianity? Would not the moral!
 consciousness of an intelligent pagan
 revolt at it?
 The churches of America are the 1
 main bulwark of Slavery; were they
 to come out and do their duty, the
 aspect of affairs would soon be chang
 ed, and the national banner would
 speedily cease to be stained with the
 blood of millions! Lest the reader
 should think we over-estimate the case,
 we shall state the facts from the cal
 culation of an American clergyman:
 Slaves.
 The Methodists hold 219.563
 Presbyterians (old and new »&lt;bool) 77,000
 Baptists 125,000 1
 Campbellites (Baptists) 101,000 j
 Episcopalians 88,000 j
 Ollier Denominations 50,00
 Toial owned by ministers ol Gospel and member*
 of Protestant Churches 660,563
 Valuing each slave at an average of 400 dollars,
 or 80/, here is a capital of 25.845,040/. invested by
 a Christian people ill the bodies and souls of men.
 Now to the practical point. Are the
 men by whom religion and morality are
 thus outraged, to be received on the
 same footing as a Clarkson and a
 Willberlorce, and those who have im
 bibed their spirit and act upon their
 principles? The case is thus power
 fully put by that zealous and eloquent
 advocate of the natural and inalienable
 rights of the Sons of Ham—Frederick
 Douglass:
 These men wield the blood clotted
 cow-skin during the week, fill the
 .pulpit on Saturday, and claim to be
 disciples of the meek and lowly Jesus.
 The man who robs me of my earnings
 at the end of each week, meets me as
 a class leader on Sunday morning, to
 show me the way to life and salvation.
 He who sells my sisters for the basest
 purposes, stands lorth as the advocate
 of purity; and he who proclaims the
 religious duty of perusing the Bible,
 denies me the right to read the name
 of the God that made me. The warm
 defender of the sacredness of the fami
 ly relation, is the same who scatters
 whole families, sundering husbands and
 w ives, parents and children, sisters and
 brothers, leaving the hut vacant, and
 the hearth desolate,
 But, happi'y, the North is largely
 right on the question, as is evidenced
 by the following powerful passage in a
 speech of the Honorable Joshua R.
 Giddmgs, in the House of Representa
 tives, on the the Fugitive Slave Bill.
 The honorable gentleman drew the
 following comparison between Pro
 fessor Daniel Webster, the chief pro
 moter of this measure:
 Sir, —I was about to make some
 comparisons, but, perhaps, they may
 be regarded as indelicate. During
 last summer two distinguished gentle
 men of the same name occupied much
 of tho public attention. One was said
 to have committed murder, and the
 other to have procured the passage of
 this law; one was hanged for his crime;
 the other, for his efforts, was taken in
 to the Executive Cabinet. One de
 stroyed the life of an individual, the
 other contributed his efforts for the
 passage of this law, which must con
 sign, hundreds, perhaps thousands, tn
 1 premature graves. I sir cannot speak
 for others; but, for myself, I would
 rather meet my final Judge with the
 guilt of him who has gone to his ac
 count, than of him who now sits in
 yonder Cabinet!
 If bis countrymen were not largely
 with the houorable Member, such lan
 guage would not have been used; and
 shall America thus testify for the rights
 of man, and England remain silent,
 and sympathize with the oppressor,
 and regard him as a Christian? We
 pause lor a reply.
VItITKRS TO THB BRITISH MuitUH.
 —The tytel number of persons who
 visited thy (British Museum in 1844
 was 685,614; in 1845, 760.9*1, in 1849
 8-30,965: in 1847, 897,935; in 1848,
 979,073; nod in 1850, 1,098,863.
 Britith Banner.
RIGHT IS OF NO SEX; TRUTH IS OF NO COLOR; GOD IS THE FATHER OF US ALL; AND ALL MEN ARE BRETHREN
[From the National Era.]
 THE MOTHERS OF GREATNESS.
 BY L. A. HISS.
We often hear it remarked that great
 men have almoet universally been in
 debted to noble mothers for their dis
 tinction. It has been Mserted that
 every child before the age of seven is
 impressed with the essential elements
 of character, that follow it through life;
 and, as mothers have the principal
 care and training of children under this
 ■se, It hu been inftm4*TKlf Oetrtlf
 all of goodness and greatness inhuman
 character is due to maternal influence.
 In pronouncing this no exaggeration, 1
 would not undertake the power of the
 father over the destinies of his off
 spring. As both the male and female,
 harmoniously united in wedlock, are
 essential to complete the complement
 of their respective characters, so is the
 influence of both parents necessary to
 the true education of the young. All
 things in the vegetable and animal
 kingdoms are distinguished into male
 and female, and it were stupid to at
 tempt an exaltation of the one above
 the other in power and influence. But
 this may be said without disparage
 ment —that maternal imperfections as
 well as maternal virtues have more to
 do with the fortune of the child than
 have those of the father. I say this u
 so in the present condition of society—
 nevertheless, it should not be so, and
 will not in a state of truer develop
 ment. Now we seem to regard the wo
 man as predestined to the exclusive
 care of her children during the first
 septennaid of life; and the father is apt
 to regard them as annoyances, or at
 least to excuse himself from all atten
 tion in their behalf until they are old
 enough to be worthy of his regard.
 But, if I mistake not, the true system
 of inlantile development requires the
 united counsels and care of both pa
 rents. For truly, if there be a charac
 ter peculiar to the male and also to the
 female, and if they were designed to
 mutually influence each other, that ed
 ucation is one-sided which is conducted
 exclusively by the one or the other.
 But, not to dwell here, I have said
 that, in the present state of philosophy
 and society, vastly more depends upon
 the errors and the virtues the mother,
 than upon those of the father, in the
 early development of children. The
 influence of the mother extends back,
 even for months anterior to the birth cf
 her offspring. That they are highly
 susceptible to impressions communica
 ted through the maternai mind during
 the embryonic period, no longer admits
 of a doubt. During this time, the
 mother exercises supreme dominion,ex
 cept so far as the conduct of the hus
 band may influence the mind of his
 wife. This is her peculiar empire, in
 which she reigns the almost absolute
 queen of individuals and of nations.
 She has now the young mind exclu
 sively under her control, and, if she!
 understand the manner of imparting
 character to it, she can, by the exercise
 of her own will, bring into the world
 such a being as she pleases. If she
 would give birth to a Josephine or a
 Howard, a Timor or a Nero, she can
 do so, by a simple and silent exercise
 of her will. If she has an enemy she
 hates, this hatred can be made doubly
 strong in her offspring. It was proba
 bly in view of these considerations that
 Plato laid down the rule that education
 must commence previous to the birth of
 the child, in the parents themselves.
 But mere assertion is of little ac
 count. Though it has often been re
 peated that greatness is chiefly in
 debted to noble mothers, still the mere
 assertion is of little worth. Let us
 glance into the history of Greatness,
 and see how the proposition is sustained
 by facts. In consequence of the mea
 gre character of almost all biographies,
 the facts concerning the characters of
 the parents are not always given. The
 biographer is too often inclined to claim
 over-much for his hero, and conse
 quently it is an object to make as bril
 liant a contrast as possible between the
 position in which he originated and that
 which he attained by his individual ef
 forts. With the early English biogra
 phers, who partook the spirit of the
 times, and were aristocratic in feeling,
 we find an effort to conceal the mean
 ness of their heroes’ origins, and to
 find in tbeir ancestors, at least the dis
 tinction of Gentlemen. But, in our
 democratic times, it is rather an object
 to trace the lives of the great to ao
 humble origin. But even our recent
 biographers seem destitute of the Sci
 ence of Greatness—that is, they do not
 appreciate the value of all the circum
 stances under which a great man came
 into the world and was educated; and
 consequently that minutia of facts
 touching the mental constitutions, ac
 quirements, virtues, vices, and general
 habits of parents,is not given, by which
 the causes and consequences can be
 linked together, and valuable informa
 tion obtained concerning the formation
 of human character.
 The first examples I shall cite are
 those in which tbe peculiar character!
 of the distinguished personages seem to
 have originated directly in a singular
 mental constitution of the mother.
 Some of the cases will also show that
 the mental exercises of the materna!
 parent, even previous to birth, must
 have done much in giving character tc
 the offspring.
 Among the earliest in time as well jti
 highest in renown on the page of mod
 ern Biography, stands the name oi
 Lord Bacon. It is said that his fame
 may be chiefly attributed to the atten
 tion of his excellent mother, who in
ROCHESTER, N. Y., THURSDAY, APRIL 3, 1851.
stilled into hit youthful mind th« rudi
 ments of science, and early awakened
 his speculative curiosity. It would
 doubtless be easy to say nearly as much
 of any mother of a distinguished per
 sonage; but other facts that may be
 given are by no means common. His
 mother was born in 1538, and in ISfid,
 when twenty-two years of age, she
 made an accurate and highly celebra
 ted translation from the ItlHan of
 twenty-five sermons on the abtfuse doc
 trine of Predestination and|jElectiun.
 The mind of Lady Barn
 Eteen cTfMWy"* atfra Bfea
 philosophy to have induced her to un
 dertake the translation of such a work.
 This is also seen in the fact, that sub
 sequently, when the controversy be
 tween Papacy and the Church of Eng
 land ran high, she translated the work
 of Bishop Jewell, entitled An Apol
 ogy for the Church of England,” from
 the Latin, in which it was written, in
 order to bring it within the understand
 ing of the common people. This also
 was a scholarly performance, for it re
 ceived the praise of the best scholars
 of the time, and the hearty thanks of
 the author, to whom she sent a copy,
 accompanied by an epistle in Greek.
 With such a mother, is it surprising
 that Sir Francis was endowed with
 those high mental qualities which ena
 bled him to depose Aristotle from the
 throne on which he had reigned for two
 thousand years over the realms of Phil
 osophy? Is it astonishing that Lord
 Bacon achieved a revolution in human
 thought, and became the great head
 of modern progress?
 From this brilliant source of modern
 speculative philosophy, let us recur to
 another centre of power more familiar
 to the masses of mankind, if not more
 distinguished for his genius. Refer
 ence is now made to John Wesley,
 who, in connection with a younger
 brother, was the father of Methodism.
 Who was the mother of these brothers
 that struck cut a new path in which
 millions have since travelled to the land
 of spirits? We find she was the wife
 of a clergyman who was strict in his at
 tendance on the sittings of the Convo
 cations. During his absence, she con
 ceived the full jdeaofher responsibility
 to her large family. Ah there was no
 Sabbath afternoon service at Epwortb,
 where she lived, j.he prayed in her fam
 ily, read a sermon, and engaged in reli
 gious conversation. Some of the more
 pious parishioners accidentally called
 in on these occasions, and they were
 not excluded. About this time, she
 procured a work that greatly enkindled
 her ardor for “good works.” Her
 little audience soon numbered forty and
 fifty, to whom she prayed, read from
 the book that had so justly awakened
 her attention to divine things, and fi
 nally her house was not able to contain
 the multitude that waited upon her
 ministrations. The invasion of the du
 ties of the sterner sex, and thU palpa
 ble violation of the injunction of St.
 Paul, excited the jealousy and indigna
 tion of some of the deacons oi the par
 ish, and the afTuir to her husband in no
 very pleasant terms. He was thus in
 duced to write to her, objecting to her
 conduct, as it looked particular,” be
 cause of her sex, and also because he
 was in a public station which rendered
 it necessary that he should do nothing
 to excite the public censure; and he
 recommended that some man read in
 his stead. In her reply, she thanked
 him for his plainness of speech, and, as
 to its locking particular, she said, I
 grant it does, and so does everything
 that is serious, or that may in any way
 advance the glory of God or the salva
 tion of souls, if it be performed out of
 the pulpit, or in the way of common
 conversation; because, in our corrupt
 age, the utmost care and diligence
 have been used to banish all discourse
 of God or spiritual concerns out of so
 ciety, as if religion were never to ap
 pear out of the closet, and we were to
 be ashamed of nothing so much as of
 confessing ourselves to be Christians.”
 As to the objection on account of her
 sex, she said she was a woman, it was
 true, and though be was the rightful
 lord of tbe family, yet she was the mis
 tress, and during bis absence she
 thought her children were committed
 to her under a trust from the great
 Lord of all families of heaven and
 earth. How should she {.newer to him
 if she failed? As to bringing censure
 upou him, she said, For myself, 1
 value no censure on this account; I
 have long since shaken hands with the
 world; and I heartily wish 1 had never
 given them more reason to speak
 against me.” Whereupon, Mrs. Wes
 ley, deeming her obligations to hei
 Lord of heaven superior to those to hei
 martial lord, continued her religioui
 ministrations to the hungry and thirst)
 souls of Epworth Finally, matter!
 waxed worse and worse, and the Cu
 rate of the Parish became alarmed foi
 the cause of decency, good manners
 aod religion, remonstrated most ener
 getically with Mr. Wetle/, having him
 seif been worsed in an interview witl
 the Priestess of Epworth. Mr. Wes
 ley thereupon addressed his rebellion
 wife a second letter, communicating bii
 decided disapprobation. To ibis shi
 did not reply for some days, thinkinj
 it best to take time tor deliberation if
 so important a negotiation. At lengtl
 she wrote her answer, and, after sta
 ting the good that had been done ii
 the meetings, and her persuasion as t&lt;
 her duty to continue them, she said—
 If you do, afier all, think fit to dis
 solve this assembly, do not tell me tha
 you detire me to do it, for that will*no
 satisfy my conscience; hut send m&lt;
 your positive command, in such full am
 express terms as may absolve me fron
guilt and punishment for neglecting
 this opportunity of doing gooc, when
 you and I shall appear before the
 Sreat and awful tribunal of our Lord
 esus Christ.” Heroic Woman! She
 believed it her duty to submit to the
 commands of her temporal lord, but
 there must be no lack of explicitness in
 thb terms of the command. They must
 be such as would leave her no discre
 tion in dissolving a meeting she re
 garded as of great value to the souls of
 Epworth. In this case she did not re
 awaited his positive command, so that
 she might be acquitted before the
 great tribunal. Doubtless Mr. Wes
 ley at this time began to fear that his
 wife was right, and an alarm began to
 seize him, lest he should be a defaulter
 in her presence before the judgment
 seat of the universe. Here we see the
 potency of superior mental power ru
 ling the minds of others si'cntly, yet
 effectually. Mrs. Wesley violated no
 duty to her husband, even though that
 husband was entitled to the supreme
 command. She merely set forth in
 good, sound language, her own views
 as to her obligations to God and the
 9ouls of the people, and threw upon him
 •a responsibility under which he trem
 bled. He chose rather to let her take
 her own course than risk the conse
 quences which this powerful weman in
 dicated. But this is not the only in
 stance in which Mrs. Wesley was true
 to her own convictions and personal
 consequence. She was an honest, out
 spoken woman, and not timid in ex
 pressing her own convictions as to al
 questions, whether religious or politi
 cal. The dispute arose among the peo
 ple, whether the Prince of Orange was
 entitled to the throne of the realm. In
 this she differed with Mr. Wesley,
 who told her that he never would again
 cohabit with her until she should
 change her opinion. But her opinions
 were her own individual property, of
 which she could not divest herself, and
 her honesty forced her to declare the
 tact. Accordingly, true to his threat,
 he took bis saddle-bags and a crust of
 bread, mounted his gray mare, and
 rode away, leaving her and her large
 family for twelve months, when the
 death of the King released him from
 his vow. The heroic John Wesley,
 the founder of the largest Protestant
 sect, was the first birth after the re
 union of his parents. If the influence
 of this separation so chastened the
 spirits of his parents as to impress the
 son with his noble character, then for
 tunate was the temporary disagreement!
 How much of the Father of Methodism
 can be traced to the character of his
 mother! We see in her the spirit of
 inquiry, the lofty tone of independence,
 and the mental power calculated to
 govern, which distinguished her illus
 trious son! In his writings do we not
 observe one distinguishing feature of
 Methodism? John Wesley was born
 in 1703.
 The next example I shall cite bears
 equally strong upon the proposition in
 hand—to wit, that those faculties of tha
 head and those sentiments of the heart
 which are in active exercise immedi
 ately preceding and subsequent to the
 birth of a child, are transmitted in pre
 dominant power. The reader must not
 be told that this case also bears most
 forcibly upon the main idea of this pa
 per—to wit, the relation of noble
 mothers to noble sons,
 A heavenly spirit is before us. We
 are now to contemplate the angelic pu
 rity and excellence ol that queenly ben
 efactress, Elizabeth Fry! She was
 born in 1780, and was descended from
 a long line of Quakers. Of her mother,
 the biographer remarks: Mrs. Gur
 ney, mother ofElizabeth, was a woman
 of excellent abilities, and of considera
 ble attainments, as well of much per
 sonal beauty. She was disposed to sci
 entific and literary pursuits, and singu
 larly delighted in the charms and
 beauties of nature, imbuing her chil
 dren, almost in infancy, with tastes
 that remained with them through life.”
 But, not to depend upon the mere
 statement of the biographer, let me
 quote a passage from the diary of this
 excellent mother, in which her true
 spirit appears. The following bears
 date April, 1788: In the morning eu
 deavor, at first waking, to bring the
 mind into a silent waiting and worship,
 preparatory to the active employment
 of the day; when up, visit the several
 apartments of the children, and. if
 leisure permit before breakfast, read
 the Scriptures—if not, it should not be
 afterwards neglected; forgot not the
 kindest attention to my companion be
 fore parting for the day. After walk
 ing with the little ones, and endeavor
 ing to enjoy each individually, begin
 with the necessary instructions of C.
 and R; then attend to the kitchen and
 all family regulations, and to the claims
 of the poor And thus she concluded
 the record of the day: "Remember
 thrt these desultory remarks are de
 signed—first, to promote my duty to
 my Maker; secondly, ray duty towards
 my husband aod children, relations,
 servants, and poor neighbors” The
 italics are my own,to mark the strength
 of those sympathies which so pre-emi
 nently distinguished her illustrious
 daughter, as evidenced, not only in
 her philanthropic life, her visits to the
 poor, the outcast, and imprisoned, and
 invoking relief from the Government,
 but also as seen in the eloquent words
 of her own diary. On the 16th of May,
 1797, when but seventeen years of age,
 Elisabeth make the following entry in
 her journal: “There is a sort of luxury
 in giving way to the feelings. I love
 to feel for the sorrows of others; to
TERMS— Per Alias, liTtriihly Ii Advtice.
pour wine and oil into the wounds ol
 the afflicted; there is a luxury in feel
 ing the heart glow, whether it be witk
 joy or sorrow. I like to
 think of everything, to look at mankind;
 1 love to look through nature up to na
 ture’s God. 1 have no more religion
 than that, aod in the little 1 have I am
 not the least devotional; but when I
 admire the beauties of nature, I cannot
 help thinking of the Source from
 whence su|h beauties flow. I feel it a
 support; Ibelieve firmly (hat all is gov
 erned for the best by an invisible
 •rower—mere rare i ob am rear tm
 evils of life so much. I love to feel
 good. I do what I can to be kind to
 everybody; I have many faults which I
 hope in time to overcome.” She be
 came in subsequent life more "devo
 tional” than she described herself al
 seventeen; but a life actuated by the
 benevolent sentiments of the above
 passage is characterized by the purest
 devotion. Doing good is devotion to
 God, for he is the Infinite Good.
 Another example of equal force, il
 lustrating the proposition in haod, tt
 found in the motherhood of Henry IV,
 the noblest King that France ever had.
 True, Charlemagne had laid the foun
 dations of national glory; Louis XIV,
 in more modern times, by his conquests,
 throw an awful air about the national
 standard; and, at a recent period, the
 Emperor Napoleon astonished the world
 by his amazing achievements in the
 name of France; but it was the fourth
 i Henry who reigned and toiled for the
 elevation of the masses of his people,
 1 as well as for the honor of their regal
 poweramong the nations of the earth.
 He was an ardent patron of learning,
 and by his own hand many agricultu
 ral and mechanical iinprovemeats were
 introduced. He cultivated the grape,
 and under his own exclusive patronage
 the silk worm was brought from the
 East, and set to work for the French
 people. The memory of this King was
 embalmed by Voltaire, in his master
 poem, La Hcnriade.
 And who was the mother of the fourth
 Henry? She is known in history as
 Jane, Queen of Navarre. This was
 then a small kingdom in the South of
 France, but now it is incorporated in
 the republic. Jane married Anthony
 of Bourbon, sdn of Charles, Duke of
 Vendome, by whom she had Henry VI.
 This Anthony was the first prince of
 the blood, and entitled to the protecto
 rate of Charles IX. during his minority.
 But the Queen Mother and the Guises,
 wishing to get the power into their own
 hands, endeavored to detach Anthony
 from the Protestant interest. The in
 fluence of the Pope and Cardinals was
 obtained, and the aspirants were suc
 cessful as to him; but they utterly
 failed to win Jane and her children,
 who were of still greater consequence.
 The King of Navarre—her husband—
 was thus enlisted against the Prince of
 Conde and the Protestant cause;
 whereupon, the Queen retired to Pad
 eusa in Berne, and there kept her
 court, soon after which the King died,
 and comparative quiet was restored.
 Not long subsequent to this, however,
 the third civil war, on account of reli
 gion, broke out, and Jane, the Queen
 of Navarre, raised a considerable
 force and led them to Rochelle, taking
 with her Henry, her son, and Cather
 ine, her daughter. From this place
 she wrote letters to the King, the
 Queen-Mother, the Duke of Anjou,
 and the Cardinal Bourbon, advising
 them of their ruinous policy. But as
 her advice was unheeded, the war con
 tinued, the Prince of Conde was slaia,
 and the Protestants were defeated at
 the battle of Bassac. On receiving the
 melancholy news, the Queen of Na
 varre hastened to the Protestant army,
 and before the august assembly of no
 bles and soldiers she made a speech to
 inspire them with hope; she pronoun
 ced an eulogiutn to the Prince of
 Conde, and exhorted the living to imi
 tate his example. After stimulating
 the hearts and exciting the enthusiasm
 of the army, and after addressing a
 few words to her son, in private, to stir
 up his spirits, she retired to Rochelle,
 to rsise new succors. In the mean
 time, a commission was granted to
 Torride, Governor of Querni, to sum
 mon the Queen of Navarre, and the
 Prince, her son, to quit the Protestant
 cause, and, in case ofher refusal,to in
 vade the countries of Berne, Foix, and
 Navarre. Of course, the high-spirited
 Queen refused, and her provinces
 were invaded. Terride took posses
 sion of all but Navarre, which he be
 seiged. The Earl of Montgomery was
 sent against him, and he was defeated
 and driven back, and a treaty was
 made, in which the rights of Jane were
 guaranteed, her dominions dedicated
 to the freedom of the Protestant faith,
 and she and her children acknowledged
 good cousins of the King. Her son
 married the King’s sister; and when
 she went to Paris to arrange the nup
 tials, the Queen-Mother, who could
 not endure her rival, coospired with
 one Rene, skillful in missions, to take
 her off*. Accordingly he sola her poi
 soned perfumes, which sickened her
 with a fever that terminaied her life in
 1572, at 44 years of age. Such was
 the mother of the great Henry of
 Frwxrr
 this head, also, we must clam
 the mother of Napoleon, She was a
 woman of surpassing beauty and ex
 ceeding vigor. Her husband was at
 tached to Paoli, the defender of Cor
 sician independence against the
 Freach. Hie young and high-spirited
 wife, while pregnant with Napoleon,
 followed the patriot army on horseback
 across the mountains, and resided
 awhile on the summit of Mount of Ro
WHOLE NO. 171.
tondo, in the parish of Kaoli.. Just bo
 fore the period ofher confinement she
 wac cent beck to Ajaccia. Sey.Scott:
 He read with inters* that his
 mother’s good constitution and bold
 character of mind haring induced her
 to attend mam upon the day of kia
 birth—being the festive! of the Assump
 tion—she was obliged to return homo
 immediately; and as there was no time
 to prepare a bed or bed-room, she was
 delivsred of the future victor upon
 temporary couch, prepared for her ac
 commodation, and covered with en an
 cient piece of tapestry, representing
 the heroee of the Iliad. Enough for
 the motherhood of Napoleon. In
 these cases we see something of the e la
 tent to which the thooghta, feelings
 and passions of the raether, while
 moulding the tenement of a soul,
 stamps its destiny in life? This is a
 j subject full of warning for all mothers
 'and for all fathers! To mothers, that
 they may be trutbtul and pure; and to
 fathers, that they may assist their
 wives in all that is good, and surround
 them with pleasant circumstancse.
 The mother has alrao lathe power to
 predestine a soul to happiness or mis
 ery, to virtue or vice, to heaven or
 hell!
 The example of Sir Philip Sidney a
 also in point. His mother possessed a
 lofty and ingenious spirit, sayi his biog
 rapher. She was a daughter of the
 Duke of Northumberland, and the tra
 gical events in which her family was
 fenreerneo, weaned ner trom the vani
 ties and follies of life. She is de
 scribed as devoting herself, like Cor
 nelia, the mother of the Gracchi, to the
 education ofher children, in which she
 was most faithful. She possessed a
 large understanding, and waa a model
 of virtue and excellence.qualitiee which
 adorned the life of her noble son. He
 was the universal favorite of his are
 Rom. 1550. 6
 The mother of Lichtenburg, a dia
 dinguished German baron, in 1742, is
 described as having been a woman of
 superior mind—one who had a taste for
 the speculative branches of natural
 philosophy, and yet was most attentive
 to her maternal duties—the education
 of his eighteen children constituting
 her chief delight. He was universally
 gifted—a great mathematician, a pro
 found thinker, and distinguished in Hr
 erature.
 The mother ofNovatis, another dis
 tinguished, German was eminent for
 her worth—" a pattern of noble piety
 and Christian mildness”—virtues which
 wrer often tried in her subsequent life
 He was born in 1771.
 The father of Edmund Waller, one
 of the British poets, died when his son
 was a child, and his education devolved
 on his mother. She was a woman of
 bold spirit and penetrating mind. She
 was a zealous royalist, and was said to
 have been the Protector’s aunt. She
 did not disguise her sentiments from
 Cromwell, even when at the height of
 his power. She predicted to him that
 things would one day resort to their
 old channels, leaving him and his friends
 in ruin. For her bold royalty, Crom
 well deprived her of liberty by placing
 her in charge of one of her daughters
 who had married a zealous friend of tha
 Protector. She had been a corree
 pondent with the leading royalists, and
 Cromwell thought her dangerous to the
 stability of his power. Such was the
 motherhood of Waller. And who was.
 he? Besides being a poet of immortal
 renown, he was a statesman, elected to
 Parliament at sixteen years of age
 He was cousin of the noble Hampden
 and made a speech in his defence of
 which 20,000 copies were sold in one
 day! He was born in 1605.
 I may remark here, that it is a note
 worthy fact, that while the biographer
 never has occasion to notice the stu
 pidity ol a single mother of greatness,
 ho has, in almost all instances, when
 the facts are known, occasion to speak
 of the superiority of the mothers of his
 heroes!
 But I cannot complete this paper
 without extending it to an unsuitable
 length, and will close here for the pres
 ent, expecting to resume it, and deduce
 other important considerations from bi
 ographical facts, with some valuable
 hints respecting the education ol moth
 era. I have to remark that biographers
 have culpably omitted the most impor
 tant circumstances attending the birth
 and early education ol the great, and
 in comparatively few instances can they
 be found. These facts I regard as most
 valuable in the promotion of sound phi
 losophy on this subject In the few
 cases I have cited, there can be no
 doubt as to the truth of the doctrine
 attempted to be enforced by them. If
 permitted to continue this subject, I
 shall cite many more cases showing the
 almost omnipotence of the maternal in
 fluence.
Anothee Soul-Driver Gone.—Mr.
 Garrison, of Louisville, K/., whoso
 whole life has been spent in making
 brothels, prostitutes, widows, and or
 phans, is at last dead and gone to his
 reward. In the fall of 1839 he bought
 and carried us, confined with irons in
 connection with other slaves, lo the
 city ot New Orleans and sold us. We
 hare often witnessed hie cruelty to
 wards his victims, both male and fe
 male, when they were confined with
 heavy irons and could not help them
 selves. We have heard him say that
 he never felt happier tbau when he had
 a female confined and applying n
 scourge to her back—"ah! how he
 liked to hear them beg and scream.”
 He would often travel through the
 State of Kentucky to buy up the
 handsomest mulatto female slavea that
 he could find, without any regard to
 separating husbands and wives, end
 would take them to New Orleans, and
 itell them for the basest of purposes.
 He kept a slave pen in the cky of
 Louisville for several years. A fugi
 tive, who has just arrived in Canada,
 from that city, informs us that Garrison
 had a falling out with one of his start
 holding chums, who shot Garrison
 through the head with two balls from a
 revolver; which is the way such char
 acters generally s«Ule up their diffi
 culties, before they leave this vorid.
 Foies of the Fugitive.
 Boston, March I.—Robert Morris, a «4o
 ed lawyer, waaarreated chi. morning, for aid
 mg in the escape of Chadwick, and held
 tuul in $3OOO. Joaiah Quincy becatna his
 sorely.
 The evidence in tbs cause of Thornes F.
 Smith, an alleged rescuer, is all in, and the
 defence baa commenced argamcet.
"
