"News from England!
 The orinin of the Ministry is now at an
 rad. After a week of agitation, consults
 tion, attempts and failure, hopes and fears,
 all idea of forming a new Ministry, even
 with Lord John Russell at us head, war
 Even up; and His Lordship, with his eol
 aguea, is restored to his former position.
 The result is one which supplies no party
 with grounds of glorying, although, in van*
 ous degrees, with grounds of gratification.
 Lord Stanley has come out of the matter
 with clean hands. From first to last, he acted
 aa became an honorable, high-minded, and
 courageous man, well deserving the tribute
 whieh was paid him by Lord John Rusßel)
 on the possession of these qualities. He
 clearly bad no wish to snatch at power nor,
 whan duty seemed to require it, did he shtink
 from combating difficulties attendant on the
 attempt to form a Cabinet; while, in his en
 deavors to do so, manifested the caution with
 respect to both persons and principles which
 became his high and difficult position. The
 whole of hit conduct has done honor alike to
 himself, his party, his country, and his
 Sovereign. Still, beyond this and the satis
 faction of a good conscience, His Lordship
 has no ground for boasting. It has been
 made clear to him, that at present it is im
 possible to construct a Protectionist Govern
 ment, that, whatever feuds the party may
 create, whatever violence they may display,
 whether in or out of the Senate, and what
 ever number, either in the House of Peers or
 the House of Commons, may support them
 on a vote, yet they have neither the weight
 nor the worth even ol the Senate, and in the
 country, beyond a portion of the landlords
 themselves, they have none te bio mem god
 speed. There is room to believe, that, while
 Lord Stanley has no ground of exultation,
 he has nevertheless received a lesson which
 will be useful to him. The reoeht failure is
 ths best possible set-off to the glory of the
 former debate, and the narrow majority in
 favor of Ministers.
 It is farther deserving of notice, that, in
 proportion as Loid Stanley has gained, in the
 sight of his countrymen, Mr. Disraeli has
 lost. That brilliant, bitter son of Abraham
 has cut a very poor figure on the present oc
 casion. Assuredly he has no ground for
 boasting. It must have surprised himself, as
 it has done his foolish admirers out of doors,
 how little has been made of him in the course
 of the discussion in either House of Pailia
 roent. The process has been to him a sort
 of senatorial daguerreotype, in the polished
 plate supplied by this hour of distraction, his
 likeness has been truthfully depicted. His
 littleness and meanness were strikingly illus
 trated in his unmannerly and insolent conduct
 towards Loid John Russell, who subsequent
 ly avenged himself, with a calm dignity and
 a conclusive force, which reduced his mali
 cious antagonist to a very humbling position,
 and supplied a lesson to him, which it is to
 be hoped will not be forgotten. Nothing has
 yet occuned so thoroughly to show, that
 howevei the heacs of factions or of parties
 may avail themselves of his intellectual
 adroitness end his biting invective, to serve an
 end or annoy—we do not say humble—an
 adversary, he has no hold on their iespeci,
 will never be admitted to their confidence,
 nor, whatever changes mty turn up, be suf
 fered to take any prominent share in the
 government of the country.
 Another statesman, on the piesent oc
 casion, has figured to advantage—that is. Sit
 James Graham. The conduct of the Righl
 Honorable gentleman throughout, has been
 straightforward and manly, generous and
 patriotic. He has done a great deal to revive
 past impressions iu his favor, and to recover
 the powerful hold he once possessed on the
 better portion of the mind of the country. He
 has scied with great transparency, and both
 Loid John Russell and the House of Commons
 seem to appreciate the merits of his course,
 as was most clear from the manner in which
 be was received in the House on making hu
 explanatory statement. Sir James, instead
 of losing, has been a gainer, and, on personal
 grounds, has a good deal to gratify him. W«
 are, nevertheless, far from approving of some
 parts of hia speech, or consideiing him sound
 in his views of the Papal Aggression. He
 seems, in truth, to act not very consistently.
 He grants that a great outrage has been per
 petrated, and yet he would suffer it to pass
 unreseuted. He is not unappnsed that the
 country is in danger, while he d 'precates ail
 idea of defence. Nothing is easier than the
 common-piaces on which his rhetoric
 each modes of address, moreover, were cal
 culated, in certain quarters, to attract ap
 plause the applause ot men who are boastful
 of a spurious liberality—men to whom all
 creeds tie alike, and who make conscience ol
 nothing that appertains to religioua endow
 ment-men who are prepared to take all they
 can get, or to give all from the public purse
 they may have the power of bes,owing—tuese
 men will cheer such sentiments as those ot
 ths able and eloquent Lord of Netherby. But
 there is s mind in the country, more enlight
 ened, more judicious, and that better under
 stands the teal wants of the time, and
 the exigencies of the nation, and to that mind
 the subject may be safely left.
 Of Lord Aberdeen little need be said, Hia
 speech, in all iis main points, was so identical
 with that of Sir James Graham, that w'e have
 disburdened our columns by passing it over.
 Suffice it to aay, that His Ludship, while
 conducting himself, on the whole, with pro
 per dignity, went a good deal out of his way
 in lecturing the House and the public on
 what he was pleased to call “persecution.”
 His sentiments on the mattet of Papal Ag
 gtession were very unsatisfactory,* and, we
 must say, unworthy of a statesman of his
 years, services, just pretensions, and high
 position.
 Lord John Russell, it will be seen, in s
 quiet, modest, and temperate way, slated the
 facts yf the case rela tve to the resumption
 of the reins of Government, and manifested,
 as in the circumstances was meet, no exulta
 tion. It appears to have been with him very
 much a matter of indifference what turn the
 matter might take; although he would be
 either less or more than a man were he to be
 unmoved by the event, since he must fee! it a
 compliment to himself, and a ttibute to the
 comparative strength of his position. How
 ever weak that position may be deemed, it is
 stronger thsn that of any of his rivals.
 1b truth, be has walked over the course,
 e aoe he had, strictly speaking, no rival—no
 oorapetitor. Hia opponents may thwart, but
 they cannot displace him; oi, by vexatious
 proceedings, dexterous manoeuvres, and un
 prinoipled combination, they may, as they
 have already done, displace, but they cannot
 succeed him. That point is now settled. The
 circumstances Lord John is placed in are of
 a nature to repress anything like elation,
 sinee his restoration leaves all the facts on
 wbijch be grounded his resignation untouched.
 Ha has no pledge of support from his own
 Liberal friends he has nothing to look for
 from the Protectionists and genuine Torries;
 tha Peeluea will yield him only a conditional
 support and the Roman Catholics are in no
 impact appeased—their bitterness, on the
 contrary, is daily gathering intensity. He
 has still to compete with the difficulties ot
 the Papal Bill, and it is just possible that he
 may sustain some humiliation in being com
 pelled further to emesculste it; and may
 give tha Vatican striumph, by withdrawing
 tboae provisions whieh refer to Scotland and
 Ireland—for this step, while it would humble
 himself, Would have all the effect of a tiiumph
 to the Papal Church, and, in truth, make his
 small BUI still less, and render what remains
 scarcely worth contending about, or even the
 labor of framing it into enactment. Then
 there is the Income-tax. After all that has
 bean said, in an out of the House, mote
 especially out, the unanimous avowal of dis
 pleasure msde by the public, and the invec
 tive or the Press, will Lord John have the
 hardihood again to briog forward that moa
 seie, unimproved either as to its character or
 jta duration If so, be may rest assured it
 will minister but little to his popelsiity, and
 his consequent power with the country. The
 qeeeuoo of questions with the British people
it the Money Qaeation. Then there it the
 precious Budget, with its miserable dis
 tributions and preposterous provisions, is that
 to be persevered in, or is the whole thing to be
 re-cast Lord John may rest assured the
 Public will not eat their words, apologise for
 their maledictions, and look with complacen
 cy on that which from the first they hare
 viewed with scorn. No! TheiT mindr will
 not change. Will the mind of the Govern
 ment? If not, then all things will continue
 as they were, and the issue will be universal
 dissatisfaction, distrust, and contempt.
 There is another peculiarity in the case,
 which should not be lost sight of. Lord John
 must be aware, that never was there a crisis
 so complicated and so protracted respecting a
 Government, that excited so little sympathy
 in the country. His Lordship’s historical
 readings will supply him with examples from
 the history of George 111., more especially
 from the earlier parts of it. The movement,
 the agitation, the excitement, the solicitude,
 )ias all been confined to the Palace and to
 Downing-street. The public have been keen
 observers of passing events, but there has
 been no very deep anxiety felt, and no
 public manifestations whatever. There never
 was an instance uf so much tumult and agita
 tion at the centre of society, combined with
 so much calm and dignified reserve through
 out ihe circumference. The silence which
 has pervaded the whole of this mighty king
 dom has been the most significant, and full of
 instruction to the Premier. It is in vain he
 looks to the Metropolis, even to his own con
 stituencies, to Bristol, to Birmingham, to Man
 chester,.Liverpool, to Edinburgh,%) Glas
 gow, and the other great hives of humanity,
 tor a single demonstration in hia favor. Even
 alter His Lordship'S repealed mreret and
 after it was trumpeted abroad that Lord Stan
 ley was in the act of forming a Protectionist
 Mtniatry, all remained still. The un
 concern amounted to something like apathy.
 There was no sympathy whatever with the
 defunct Cabinet—nri a vrcrd of either pity or
 protest on their behalf. Rarely, indeed, has
 there been such a manifestation of indiffer
 ence, and such a perfect disregard to the
 heads of parties and possible combination.—
 British Banner March 5.
 We have recently passed through a Minis
 terial crisis, as everybody knows, of extraor
 dinary length and severity. We have been
 assured by every actor in that most compli
 cated and inconclusive drama that the obsta
 cle to the formation of a strong, compact, and
 efficient Government was to be found, not in
 the clamor for protection to agriculture, nor
 in the signal miscariage of the Ministerial
 Budget, nor yet in the ill-timed opposition to
 Parliamentary reform, but wholly, solely, and
 entiiely in the irreconcilable difference ol
 opinion on the question of Papal aggression.
 This was a matter of principle on both sides,
 which no anxiety for the public service—no
 expediency, however manifest—no calls of
 patriotism, however urgent, could induce
 them to compromise. Armed to the teeth in
 stubborn and unbending consistency, and for
 tified with his letter to Mr. Howard, Sir
 James Graham was not to be moved while,
 firm in conscious rectitude, and determined to
 perform his duty faithfully to an insulied
 Crown and an outraged nation, Lord John
 Russell relied on his letter to the Bishop ot
 Durham, and was equally inexorable. It was
 a spectacle enough to convince the veriest
 skeptic of political morality and public prin
 ciple tosee our Premier consent again to un
 dertake the Government of the country with
 the very identical Cabinet which he had him
 self dissolved as incompetent only ten days
 before—ready to endure any given number
 of minorities, and to run the gauntlet through
 any species of Pailiamentary misadventure,
 rather than betray ihose hopes which he had
 induced the Protestant people of England to
 repose in him as their champion. Well, the
 sacrifice has heen made, the Ministry has
 been reconstructed in the full strength of its
 original weakness, and Parliament and the
 country naturally look with anxiety to the
 performance of those pledges for the sake of
 of which so much inestimable time and invalu
 able support have been so freely and cheer
 fully sacrificed. How those pledges—for the
 sake of which the affairs of this great empire
 are now intrusted to s Government which
 cannot calculate on a majority in either House
 of Parliament, and which has only retained
 office for the purpose of carrying out the
 wishes of the people with regard to ihe Ro
 man Catholic question—have been redeemed,
 our readers will learn from the speeches de
 livered by Sir George Grey and Lord John
 Russell in the House of Commons. It is ac
 tually determined to atrike out of the bill
 which gave so poor and iasdeqate an expres
 sion to the public feeling, the second clause,
 which renders invalid all deeds executed un
 der the prohibited style and title, and the
 third clause, by which all property left or con
 veyed to persons bearing these illegal titles is
 forfeited to the Crown. The bill will there
 fore be reduced to its first clause, imposing a
 penalty of .£lOO for the assumption of an ec
 clesiastical title taken from any place in the
 United Kingdom, to be aued for by the At
 torney General.
 The effect of the measure is. therefore,
 this :—lt is unlawful for Dr. Wiseman to
 cal] himself Archbishop of Westminster, and
 for Dr. M’Hale to call himself Archbishop of
 Tuam, and the Goveinment may, if it please
 —that is to say, if it is disposed to creste a
 violent disturbance and roost pernicious agita
 tion among the Irish Roman Catholics—pros
 ecute the only party who systematically so of
 fends. But it is quite lawful for these per
 sons to coovey or receive property under
 these illegal titles, and all donations or be
 quests made to or for the yurpose of support
 ing or endowing these dignities with Parlia
 ment declaies to be illegal and void will be
 perfectly void to all intents and purposes.
 We can understand, though we do not ap
 prove, the view of Sir James Graham and
 Lord Aberdeen, and can even admit that
 there was much in it which any statesman in
 trusted with the responsibilities of office would
 be willing to be persuaded to adopt.
 We can understand, though we do not
 adopt, the policy of Lord Stanley, and can
 readily admit that, for a party which places
 all its hopes on the result of the next disso
 lution of Parliament, to conciliate immediate
 popularity by atrong declaratory resolutions,
 and to keep alive public interest by the inves
 tigations of an interminable commmittee,
 would be a skillful and far-sighted stroke of
 policy. But a course of action like that of
 Lord John Russell, which begins by placing
 itself at the head of popular enthusiasm and
 raising it to the highest pitch, only to disap
 point it by a most inadequate measure—which
 makes that inadequate measure the means of
 perpetuating the weakness of the Govern
 ment, and then emasculates that inadequate
 measure till it becomes as little acceptable to
 Protestant as to Romanist—such policy as
 this we do not pretend to understand.
 With respect to the budget, changes are
 promised, but of their preoise character no in
 timation has been made.— London Times
 Match Bth.
 Arrival of the Franklin at New York.
 The steamship Franklin, from Havre, oth
 inst., arrived at New York about 4 o’clock,
 P. M., Satuiday, with London dates to the
 Bth, thus anticipating the Artic’a news.
 England. The Duke of Wellington hav
 ing lecommended Queen Victoria to recall
 Lord John Russell, together with his asso
 ciates in the ministry, on account of the ina
 bility of Loid Stanley to form a protectionist
 administration, the Whig Premier bad again
 resumed the reins of power, and no alteration
 in the construction of the cabinet waa likely
 to take place.
 Baltimore, March 00,1851.
 I learn that it is now contemplated to of
 fer the $19,000, which General Chaplin gave
 as bail lor his appearance before the Howaid
 District Court, and which he forfeited (or his
 securities forfeited) in consequence of hia
 failure to appear, as a reward for his sepre&gt;
 bwaieo.”— Cor, of the Notional Intel,
The British West ladies, 1850- By John
 Candler and G. F. Alexander.
THE DANISH COLONIES.
 Oor passage from Bssa-terre, in St. Kitt’s,
 to Christianstadt, in Santa Cm, occupied
 thirty hours. Santa Crns is one of the most
 interesting islands of the western world. The
 estates are divided from each other by rows
 of cocoa nut tree the valleys are well culti
 vated, and covered with luxuriant cane fields;
 the roads are excellent, and (he landscape
 everywhere sweet and lovely. It exceeds in
 quiet beauty almost every spot that we could
 name. It is not yet fully the abode of lib
 erty,but we trust that it soon will be, and
 that the people, emancipated from every rem
 nant of boodage, will rejoice as free men on
 the soil that gave them birth. Santa Crus
 is a colony of Denmark, and together with
 the island of St. Thomas and St. John, it
 under the Tule of Governor-general Stanaen,
 who gave us a hearty and hospitable)weteome,
 invited us to his table, and gave us liberty,
 undei bis own hand, to visit and inspect th&lt;
 public institutions. The records of these
 islands are kept with scrupulous exactness
 and their statistics are exceedingly minute
 The free people of Santa Crux are 7.369
 The late slaves, and still unfree, are 16,906
 total, 34,065. There reside in the town o
 Chiistiaustadt, which is the seat of govern
 ment, 5,108 persons; in Frederickstadt
 2.344; in the country and on the estates
 16,613. The ptoclamation of freedom to tht
 slave population is dated 3rd July, 1848, ant
 recites as follows;
 1. All unfree in the Danish West Indi;
 Islands are from to-day emancipated.
 O. Tti« mute negro** retain for thrs
 month* from date the o*e of the hoa*e*
 provision ground, of which they have hither
 to been possessed.
 3. Labor is in future to be paid for bj
 agreement, but allowance is to cease.
 4. The maintenance of old and infir/n, whe
 are not able to work, is until further determi
 nation to be furnished by the late owners.
 The terms of this proclamation, ao plain
 snd unequivocal, which bestow unconditional
 freedom on the slave, have since been repeal
 ed, and resolutions or decrees of a stringent
 character substituted, which leave the predial
 laborers in a state of bondage. They cannot
 change their masters or place of abode oftenei
 thar. once in the year, and their employments
 not at all; the wages they receive are very
 small, and regulated by law. Their daily
 tasks are prescribed, and they are restricted
 in locomotion. A chief part of the freedom
 that remains is the permission, once in the
 year, when the annual contracts of service
 expire, to give notice to leave their masters
 but in this case they must find employment
 elsewhere, or buy a passport to leave the
 land of their birth, and quit the island. This
 state of things, being only hope deferred, not
 realized, makes sick the heart of thoae whe
 are subject to it, and many discontents are
 the consequence, which manifest themaelrej
 in the prison records for what is termed in
 subordination and we are sorry to say, in
 occasional acis of incendiarism, the authors
 of which are unknown. We attended several
 of the courts, or what we should term the
 peiiy sessions, and paid more than one visit
 to the principal public prison. This prison is
 among the best constructed in the West
 indies, and contained, at the time of our visit,
 forty convictß—twenty-seven men and thir
 teen women. There are fifty-two spacious
 eel’s, in one long airy coiridor. The piison
 ers, men and women, were at work in the
 town, under a guard, each of them wearing
 a thick and heavy iron ring on the neck (a
 badge of slavery, that ought not to he
 tolerated Thd commitment book was kepi
 in Danish, and contained auch records of
 offences and punishments as the following
 “For leaving the estate, fourteen days im
 piisonment and labor.” “Disorderly conduct
 on the estate, twelve lashes and two months’
 imprisonment.” “Impertinence to the owner,
 two months’ imprisonment.” “Frequent de
 sertion of service,” —a female, —“four
 months’ imprisonment.” “Stealing canes,
 three months’ imprisonment.” There were
 also many commitments for refusing to work,
 with the record, “Detained till further
 orders.” No owner of an estate can inflict
 corporal punishment on the laborers. The
 police magistrates hold courts in different
 parts of the island, and in Chrbtiansiadt
 these take place three times a week. In all
 cases connected with field labor, the sentence
 i« summary, and the convict is sent to prison.
 Th**re is a court of appeal, but the laborers
 seldom resort to it. The chief magistrate of
 police spoke well of the peasantry, and ex
 pressed hia belief that the present inter
 mediate system would soon give way to un
 conditional freedom, as at first proclaimed.
 A similar statement was made by a colonel
 of artillery, who sat near us, when we dined
 at the Governor’s table. We heaitly wish
 this righteous and oeneficial result. Having
 been introduced by the Governor to a few of
 the principal planters, we received invitations
 to make a tour of the island, and to visit some
 of the ea'atea, which we were glad to accept,
 as without such permission we could Dot
 have ventured inio a single cabin. Many of
 the houses of the unfree are much better in
 appearance than those of the old slave villages
 in our own colonies. They ate generally
 built of stone, shingled over with wood, and
 being ananged in rows, have an appearance
 of respectability and comfort. The arangs
 ments within, of some of the beat of them,
 are pretty good. The people who inhabit
 these dwellings have a downcast and timid
 look, very different from that of the laboiers
 of our own colonies. Their masters, with
 very few exceptions, were evidently unwil
 ling that we should enter into any conversa
 tion with them on their circumstances, which
 we could have done freely if left to ourselves,
 as the Negro Dutch dialect, once common to
 the island, has almost disappeared, and En
 glish is commonly spoken. This is also the
 language of the pulpit and the schools. In
 passing through the country and among the
 estates, we saw numerous large groups of
 men and women working in the fields, under
 a driver, exactly as it was in the days of sla
 very—with this difference only, that no driver
 can use a whip. Such of the laborors as we
 met in the corners of fields, or at the gates
 by the read-side, or driving cattle on the
 road, seemed naif afraid to converse with ua.
 lest they should be detected but we learned
 from some of them what they thought ol
 their present condition, which we found lo
 be unsatisfactory, to them. During two days
 of the week, out of the seven, they are par
 tially disen'hralled. The Saturday market
 is a time to many of them of joy and free
 dom, and the Sabbath brings with it, to most,
 the blessings of teat and public worship. It
 is a gratifying sight to witness, as we did,
 numerous bands repairing from the estates,
 on the first day of the week, to iheir respec
 tive places of public worship, habited io their
 holiday dresses; the women bearing par
 asols, which seem quite a common append
 age and some of the men, more favored by
 their masters than the rest, riding on horse
 back, with perhaps a boy or a girl, and
 sometimes a woman, taking hold of the
 horse's tail, for the benefit of a kindly and
 social drag. We only needed to believe
 that they were teally free to rejoice in aueb
 a spectacle. The Sabbath achoolt are well
 attended by both children and adults; the
 day schools not quite so well as during ths
 latter period of slavery, when masters were
 compelled io send all children of a certain age
 t 3 the district school. The Government cen
 tralize, overlooks, and directs every move
 ment of the common people it judged edu
 cation to be a benefit to the State, and has
 not omitted to make some provision for it
 There are eight public district schools, for
 the gratuitous education of tbs young, and
 two Lancasterian schools, in Frederickstadt,
 the whole of which are supported at an
 annual cost from .£5,000 to 6,000. There
 ire also in ths island two Danish schoo's, and
 fourteen private schools. The total of
 :hildten, of all ci&amp;ssea, under instruction, is
 1,959. Tbs children of the peasantry who
 eeetve education, are meetly confioeJ to
i (hose of a very early age, and this is given
 daring a very limited period of tbe day.
 We consder '.he schools in Santa Cruz to be
 in all respects much less satisfactory than in
 most of the British colonies. The Lutheran
 church has its ministers, who preach in the
 Danish language; and the English and
 American Episcopalians have a minister in
 Cbristiaustadt. The great body of the com
 tnun peole attended the Moravian chapels.
 The Roman Catholics have a handsome edi
 hoe in the capital.
 THE PLANTERS.
 I Santa Ciuz contains 128 sugar estates,
 whi h snake an avesage aunual amount of
 sugar of 110 hogsheads each. It has thirty
 cattle or stock estates, chiefly in pasture.
 The number of resident proprietors is sixty
 s seven of non-residents, twenty-seven. The
 absentee proprietors pay a duty to the Govern
 tnent of five per cent, on the gross revenue
 of their estates, which amounted, last year.
 to 11,416 dollars. The export duty on sugar
 shipped to Denmark is five per cent, advalorem
 i on sugar shipped to foreign porta, ten per
 cect. The import duty levied in Denmark
 is, on augar from Santa Cruz, eighty-nine
 cents per cwt.; on foreign sugars, one tlollat,
 lorty-cenu. These differences, with twenty
 cents on the bound duties, making in all
 p about 3s. per cwt., give an advantage to
 the colonists in tbe home market, and euablo
 them to pay more easily the heavy colonial
 taxation to which they are subject. In no
 part u! the West Indies that we visited, are
 the augar estates, in genera], so handsome
 and complete as in Santa Cruz, and nowhere
 is a better cummodity produced. The value
 of property is much reduced, owing to tbe
 tjge price ot sugar in Europe,
 from tne suspense in
 which the plsateis remain ss to the period ol
 complete emancipation. We visaed two
 estates adjoining each other, that came into
 the bauds of the present proprietors ss a
 mortgage on a bond of £40,000. Eight
 years ago, the sum of £32,000 was otiered
 lor them and retused. The present market
 value is believed not to exceed £'20,000. In
 one part of the island, an arrangement was
 pointed out to us, by which the coal of pro
 during sugar had been much lessened. A
 planter possessing large capital, and having
 several properties ot his own, or leased to
 hnn, so tar improved the works on one ot the
 estates as to make them sufficient fur the
 manufacture of the canes grown on the
 whole. Ot course there are many planters
 whose meaus do not enable them thus to
 economize supervision aud labor. The opera
 tion of su ar making and of sugar refining by
 meaus ui the vacuum pan, which we noticed
 in Santa Cruz, were peculiarly interesting tc
 us. No lears need he entetlamed of the
 well-doing of the planters of this colony, n
 justice be dune to the people. The ctup ol
 1840, ttje first year of transition from slavery
 to cumpaiauve freedom, was 12,000 hogs
 heads ot fifteen cwt. each, which, at £T3
 sieiling per hogshead, as the nett price in
 the European market, realized £*156,000.
 l'ne tutu shipped w a 5653,820 gallons, which
 at 15d. per gailou, would tealize £‘40,860.
 The molasses, 430,107 gallons, at Bd. per
 gallon, would produce £14,640, Total nett
 value of the produce shipped, £211,500.
 Ihe sums thus realized rre independent c.
 the value of the same articles consumed in
 the colony Uselt, aud of articles produced and
 disposed of, but not enumerated. The num
 ber ot laborers m the colony is known and
 published the rale ot wages paid to the
 laborers ot each class is also known, because
 it is fixed by Government, front these data
 u appears that the exact amount ot predial
 wages paid in the same year, was £73,017
 Is. 10j,, which includes the wages lor labor
 on the slock estates. The wages thus paid
 to the stock estate laborers are presumed to
 be equal to the extra wages paid on sugai
 plantations for extra work during crop, and
 lor the maintenance of the sick and aged.
 According to a c&lt;-turnon calculation in the
 West Indies, the amount of wages must he
 doubled to represent all the actual outgoings
 ol a augar estaie. This would make the
 expenditure of the islands, in 1859, to be
 £147.835, against a nett income ot £311,-
 SUO, leaving a lair margin lor profit. Tula
 calculation is founded uu the sale ot only 12,-
 000 hogsheads of augar, produced uudei
 unlavoiable circumstances in a year
 ot transition aud change; bat the average
 produce of the colony is 14,000 hogsheads,
 so that present aud future profits may be esti
 mated as much higher. YV« cannot but
 think that the planters of Santa Cruz are, in
 general, doing well, aud we hope that a
 bngnter and better day is dawning un the
 peasantry. Whilst we are confident that
 then condition is greatly unpioved since a
 partial emancipation has been cun (erred upon
 them, we see plainly that they are yet in a 1
 state ol serfage, and only nominally free. It
 is true, that no puuishments can be summari
 ly mfl.cied by owners or overseers, and that
 wages are pard lor labor performed. The
 children ate, or are required to be, sent to
 school tor a limited peiiud, and the sick and i
 aged may have their wants moderately sup
 plied. But the people have no power to
 change then masters or occupation at plea
 sures; and they are compelled to work in
 gangs in t j, e field, where the women are
 more in number than the men, They are
 watched over and stimulated to labor by
 dn v^ r s, who construe what they call a hard
 wo'd into impertinence,—a gr aTe offence
 und er any form of slavery,—and for which
 the °ffender is not unfrequently harassed by
 an appeal to the magistrate. These things
 are deeply trying to human nature, infuse
 discontent, and ate unsafe to the body politic. 1
 It was our intention to have annexed the 1
 regulations to which the former slaves are i
 subjected, but we find them too long for inser-
 non. They would, we think, throw little
 light on the condition of the peasanly beyond
 that already given. The statistics of the
 colony show a large decrease in the export
 of sugar, as compared with the early part of
 the present century, and a great falling off of
 the laboring population, arising from the ex- 1
 cess of deaths over births during the period of
 slavery.
African Slave-Trade. —The documents
 communicated by the President to the Senate
 on the 12th of December, in relation to the
 traffio in slaves in Brazil, under the American
 flag, have been made public. We give a
 buef statement of the origin of the troubles
 and the result of the investigations instituted
 at Rio Janeiro. The information was trans
 mitted to the United States Government by
 the American Minister at Rio, Mr. Tod;
 from whose statement it appears that the in
 famous traffic is still carried on to a great
 extent.
 Not Jess than 45,000 negtoss have been
 imported into Brazil within the last year.
 Mote or less of every cargo are murdered on
 the voyage, and the survivois are too often
 used as mere beasts of burden. By far the
 greater portion of it is carried on in vessels
 built in the United States, and under the flag
 of our country.— A. S. Standard.
Negroes in lowa —An iucotrigible wag
 has admirably succeeded in perpetrating s
 capital joke upon the lowa Legislature. In
 passing spun the bill prohibiting negroes
 from entering that State, and fixing heavy
 penalties upon them when they do enter it,
 J. T, Morton, of Henry, who is a wag,
 moved an additional section, “that the bill
 should be in fororf from and after its publics
 lion in the lows Fiee Democrat," the abo
 lition at Mount Pleasant. The bill went
 back to tbe House so amended. The amend
 ment was accepted by the House, and the
 bill passed. After a while the idea began
 to eke through tbe hair of a member that the
 abolition organ might decline publishing the
 taw, and thereby kill it stone dead, and he
 moved for a reconsideration, but failed, and
 the bill wae left to be sent to the Governor in
 that crafty shape.—On. Inq.
Dj* There are about 83,000 white aiultaio
 Virginia who cannot read or wiite^
®l)t Nortl) Star.
ROCHESTER, APRIL 3, 1851.
If? The speech of George Thompson,
 Esq., delivered at Corinthian Hall, Rochester,
 March 23d, is for sale at the Office of the
 North Star. Price 3 cents.
D3 9 Our friends must pardon the absence
 of editorial matter in the present number of
 the North Star. No communication has
 been received from the Editor, who is, at the
 present time, in Canadi with Mr. Thompson.
To ocr Subscribers.— We beg lo *ute
 (hit r number of out subscriptions for the pres
 ent year yet remain unpaid, and we shall es
 teem it a favor if our friends, who are in
 arrears, will enclose them to os by mail, with
 out further delay.
Anti-Slavery Convention at Lock port.
 SPECIALLY REPORTED FOR THE HORTH STAR.
 This Convention commenced its sessions on
 the morning of Wednesday, Mirci 20th, in
 the church of the Rev. Dr. Dox, (Luthersn.)
 There was also present the author of so ad
 mirable review of the Rev. Dr. Lord’s eer
 mon in favor of the American Human Game
 Law.
 Mr. Thompson arrived in Lockport, from
 Rochester, by way of Buffalo and the Niagara
 FrIU, the afternoon of the previous day, and
 in the evening addroased the Young Men’s
 Association. He lectured on the subject of
 British India, to one of the largest and most
 respectable audiences ever assembled on a
 similar occasion.
 The Convention assembled at 10 A. M.;
 and being called to order, Mr. Price, formerly
 of Connecticut, and a warm friend of the
 American Anti-Slavery Society, was ap
 pointed Piesident; several gentlemen, Vice-
 Presidents and Mr. A. L. Spalding, and
 others, Secretaries.
 Mr. S. S. Foster then delivered a clear
 and effective speech on the present position
 and aspects of the anti-slavery cause, and the
 duties devolving on the friends of emancipa
 tion at the present cusis.
 He was followed by Mrs. Foster, who
 moved the appointment of a Finance Com
 mittee to obtain funds in aid of the American
 Society. The appointment was opposed by
 a member of the Convention, on the ground
 that he and others did not consider that the
 American Society was the best anti-slavery
 organization for the overthrow of slavery in
 this country. This brought up
 Mr. Thompson, who, after expressing the
 pleasure he felt at being present, proceeded
 to review the proceedings of the American
 Anti-Slavery Society, from its formation in
 1833, down to the present time. Sixteen
 years ago, it was his honor to be appointed
 the unpaid agent of that Society. He had
 watched iis course through the long interval
 that had elapsed since his first connection with
 it, and was prepared to affirm that no Society
 had ever more faithfully acted up to its origi
 nal constitution, or more faithfully redeemed
 the pledges with which it begun ns work.—
 Where he left it in 1835, there he bad found
 it in 1850. All around, were strewed the
 wrecks of other organizations, that in rivalry,
 competition, or opposition and hostility, had
 come into existence but there stood the
 American Society—its piinciples the same—
 its doctrine the same—its measures the same
 —its great and gloiious object still the same—
 with the same broad, catholic, unsectarian,
 world-wide platform—and, thank God with
 many of the same men and women upon it
 with whom it had been his honor and his
 glory to suffer in years past. Nobly had it
 fulfille 1 the promise of its infancy and he
 (Mr. Thompson) believed it was the organi
 zation ordained to rid Araeiica and the world
 of the institution of slaveiy, then the object ol
 sickening contemplation. 1 cannot (said he)
 conceive of an abolitionist who is not, whether
 he calls himself one or not, a part and parcel
 of the American Anti-Slavery Society foi
 that Society embodies in its constitution and
 creed whatever makes abolitionism. As well
 might a man say, I am a Presbyterian, or a
 Baptist, or an Episcopalian, or a Methodist;
 but lam not a Christian. What is a Baptist
 without Christianity And what is a Liberty
 party man, or a Free Soiler, oi a Seward
 Whig, without the soul and sentiments of an
 American Society Abolitionist? If an honest
 abolitionist at all—if worthy ot the name—if
 he be doing anything on right principles to
 advance the overthrow of slavery—he must
 of necessity be an abolitionist of the Ameri
 can Anti-Slavery Society type. As well
 might one say, I’ll be a man, but I will
 have but one arm, or one eye or dispense
 with my heart, my lungs, or my brain,” as
 say, I’ll be an abolitionist, and be less than
 what the coustitutioo of the American Anti-
 Slavery Society requires him to be.” Tell
 me what less you desire to be in this cause,
 than what that Society would have you be,
 and I will tell you precisely what you lack to
 ceme up to the standard of a genuine and
 perfect abolitionist.
 It is well for us, on an occasion like this,
 to look st the mighty, gigantic and sublime
 works we have set before us. If we would
 outgrow our own dwarfish dimensions, and
 narrow and sectarian prejudices, we should
 spend our time in surveying the stupendous
 objects we are seeking to achieve. There is
 nothing little about this cause, but ourselves.
 We are straitened, not in the cause, but in
 our own bowels. Slaveiy is grand in itself.
 Measure its circumference—how vast! Drop
 the line into this horrible abyss, and you will
 bring it up again exclaiming, “O the deptba I’
 Try to sum up its guilt, and arithmetic, and
 language, and fancy, will fail you. Take
 one human heart, and count its fibres if you
 can; then try to grasp the aggregate of three
 millions of hearts, whose strings are quivering
 while transfixed with the poisoned and barbed
 arrows of this thriee-aceursed system. De
 scend into hell —it is there. Ascend to
 heaven it is the subject of amazement and
 horror there. Traverse the North, and seeii
 everywhere there. Mount the pulpit, and
 you will find it there. The thunders of Ni
 agara are gniding its victims, panned by the
 blood-scenting bounds of the South, oo tbo
 trail of the flying fugitive. Let ns think on
 theee things, and burst the withs that hind
 ua. “-To yoru tents, oh Israel.” This is
 no time for abolitionists to be falling out by
 the way. The only question is, Who will
 go np to Ramnth Gilead to battle 1” The
 path of duty ia plain. Slavery mast and
 shall be overthrown; nod by an, as portions
of the instrumentality demanded by the exi
 geociea of the time*. Have any come here
 oat of mere cariosity Better for each,
 thousand times, that they had stayed at home;
 aye, that they had never been born, than de
 part from this house as if from a show of
 wax-work. Depart now, ere I tellyou your
 duty or woe is yours if you remain, and do
 it not. Hear, then, what it is. The slate is
 your brother. God has made him so, and
 you cannot, if you would, repudiate the con
 sanguinity. As long as he is God's child, he
 ia your brother for, hate we not all one
 Father* Hath not one God created us* He
 is black, but your brother; and you hate got
 to own him and embrace him here, or his
 frown will freeze yon in that day when the
 disinherited children of God shall meet those
 who cast them out of their Father's house.—
 He is your brother the more precious to his
 Parent because of his wrongs and miseries
 you the more guilty and accursed, if you pity
 not those miseries, if you seek not to redress
 those wrongs. Listen again. It is God’s
 method to save man by man. Hence your
 missionaiies scattered over the face of the
 earth. Hare you faith to beliere that you
 can sare your brother in Japan, in Burmah,
 in the interior of Africa, at the antipodes,
 snd hare you none in the cause of your
 brother here? Remember, “He who cares
 not for the things of his owu house, has de
 nied the faith, and is worse than an infidel.
 Think not that one Christian made abroad,
 will atone for a thousand heathens made at
 home. Who hath required this at your
 hands, if it is not also required that you first
 cease from blood-guiltiness at home? The
 slare is helpless. The further you are from
 him, the greater your obligation to aid him.
 The law, which is your guardian angel here,
 is his destroying angel there. The army,
 which protects you from invasion here, in
 vades his sacred tights, and is maintained to
 butcher him if he dare to assert the dignity
 of a man. The Christianity which tells you
 at the North to be free, tells him to crouch at
 the feet of a tyrant, and to take toil aifd
 chastisement with gratitude, for the Lord’s
 sake. Do you tell me these are not your
 views J I tell you that, for that very reason,
 it is your duty to embrace this cause, for you
 are the very persons that can help the slave.
 You tell me it is a question of property.
 I know it—of property of God in man, and
 man in himself. As for the propeity of man
 in man, the doctrine is the boldest blasphemy
 that ever was preached, Man can hold no
 property in man. Grant that man can hold
 property in man, and our ground is gone, and
 we ate impertinent intermeddlers, and art
 seeking to invade legitimate vested interests.
 But embrace the contrary doctrine, and wr
 are co-workers with God, and have universa
 truth, and the elements of human nature, and
 the consciences of all men, and the echoes ot
 all hearts, and the instincts, affections, ago
 nies and exultations of humanity on our side.
 No! Man can hold no property in man. Mai
 hold property in man Can a finite creaturt
 be God and man at the same time? Tn&lt;
 servant of his own Maker, and the tyrant and
 owner of his fellow Can man, made in th*
 image of God, and but a little lower than th&lt;
 angels, be man and beast at the same time 1
 Can the potsherd own the potsherd the un
 repentant tyrant be the owner of Christ’s fret
 man the child of the Devil sell the temple oi
 the Holy Ghost? Does the Infinite, tht
 Eternal, the Righteous Judge hand over his
 prerogative to gamblers, adulterers and whore
 mongers Has the master a soul So ha
 the slave. Is he immortal So is the slave.
 Is he responsible So is the slave. Has h*
 affections? So has the slave. Does he hope
 fear, love—know sorrow, anger, hatred
 revenge So does the slave. Must the on*
 be free, that he may serve God So mus
 the other. Would the one be tormented bi
 s avery, and lose his crown of earthly glory ii
 the day when slave was written on his brow 1
 It is even so with the slave. How, then, cat
 a being, no better at his birth—no belter ir
 his elements—no higher in his destinies—
 whom worms will devour, and for whom thi
 same judgment waita, own his fellow-man?
 He lies, who says he can. What, then, i»
 your duty and mine? It is, to abjute this lit
 —to expose it—to nunt it through the world,
 and out of the world, to its native hell. I&gt;
 is, to demand that onr brother shall no longei
 be the victim of this lie. It is, to make th&lt;
 man who lives and practices this lie a moo
 ster. It is, in a woid, to substitute the trutl
 for this lie. How simple is the truth mam
 is man. Art ihou a man, and no mdfe tht
 negro is a man, and no less. Ought you to
 be free So ought he. Would the man bt
 t villain who plundered your cradle? Tht
 man is a villain who plunders any cradle. I'
 you were a slave, would you be free now
 Go, then, and demand the instant freedom oi
 the negro. This is the wotk before us. Let
 us be worthy of it. That we may free oth
 ers, let us be free ourselves. That we may
 free the slaves at the South, let us give free
 dom to each other at the North.
 Then Knaves and Fools may rage and storm,
 And growling Bigots may deride—
 The trembling slave away may run.
 Or in his Tyrant's* dungeon hide;
 3ut free, and bold, ami true, and good,
 We to this oith our seals will set
 From pole to pole, we'll free each soul,
 The world shall be far better yet.
 The Convention then adjourned until the
 alternuon.
 On reassembling, Sojourner Truth offered
 some pertinent observations, and was followed
 by Mr. Foster, who submitted a resolution
 declaring the work of the abolitionists to be,
 the rectification of public sentiment, rather
 than the building up of political patties.
 He was succeeded by the Rev. W. John
 son, who took a different view of the subject.
 Mrs. Foster and others took part in the dis
 cussion, which was of a desultory character.
 The further consideration of the resolution
 was postponed, and the Convention adjourned
 till the following morning.
 In the evening, Mr. Thompson lectured on
 American Blavery, in the same place, and
 occupied two hours io taking a view of the
 condition of the colored race on this soil.—
 He had a crowded audience, which was ad
 mitted by tickets.
 Thursday, 37th.—The Convention met at
 10 A. M. Tha writer of this, not being
 Presin t either during the morning or the after
 noon sessions, is unable to report the proceed
 ings. He understands there was an animated
 debate on the several modes of advancing thoj
 anti-slavery cause, byj polities! action and
 otherwise.
 Ia the evening, Mr. Thompson gave a
second lecture on slavery. Subject, the uni
 versality of the slave power in the United
 States. This leetnro we hope to obtain for
 the North Star.
 Mr. Thom peon is engaged to lectere in
 Toronto on Tuesday evening next. The
 editor of the North Star hat been present at
 all but the first session, snd has taksn a
 prominent part in the debatee.
 HOMO.
National Coaveatioa.
 Gentlemen 1 saw in the North Star, a
 call emanating from you, for a National Con
 vention of colored freeman, to assemble ia
 Buffalo in September next. For this, the
 great body of our people throughout the coun
 try ate unprepared, the subject that must neces
 sarily be brought before them being of such
 magnitude, that it abooid have been kept be
 fore their minds at least one year previous to
 the year of meeting.
 But in cases of emergency, something
 sbuuld be done as speedily as possible, aod
 you will readily concede, that this should en
 list the best informed snd most mature and
 prudent-minded men among us. There are
 no people who ever have succeeded in any
 great undertaking, without the counsel and de
 liberation first of the intelligent of that people,
 and in order to effect anything, we must pur
 sue the very same course, whatever may be
 our notions of-mass meetings and conventions
 of the people.
 Should such m meeting take place, certain
 I am that it would only be a National Con
 vention in name representing a part of Ohio,
 a small part of Michigan, and a few persons
 from the extreme western part of New York,
 but nothing more, since having just returned
 from the East, where I have spent the win
 ter, I can safely say, that in that quarter, they
 are entfrely unprepared for it, and will not
 concur.
 But knowing you, gentlemen, by reputation
 and personally, and believing that you would
 do nothing that would not promote the wel
 fare of the people, I would say, that unless a
 special gathering of the most intelligent
 among our best men could be had, (which
 must be admitted is next to impossible,) any
 other attempt must prove an entire failure.
 Will you gentlemen, be so generous as to
 withold any aiguinent at present in favor of a
 National Convention, until each of you shall
 reeeive a private letter, (very shortly,) by
 which, I am pursu&amp;ded, you will be satisfied.
 Until when, I am yours under a common op
 pression, for God and humanity.
 M. R DELAN Y.
 lo Messrs. C. H. Langston, Win. H. Day
 and J. M. C. Simpson.
 Rochester, March 18th, 1851.
Report
 Of thi New York Ladies' Fair in aid of the
 Committee of Thirteen.
 The Ladies’ Association, in submitting a
 report of the Fugitive Slave Fair,” would
 return their grateful acknowledgment to
 several friends for their liberal contributions,
 and their sincere thanks foi the patronage re
 ceived during the Fair.
 The Association, aware that a number of
 fairs had been held during the winter, entered
 upon their duty as gleaners in the field and
 but for the important object for which they
 weie laboring, might have expected to .reap
 the gleaneis’ scanty harvest. But the object
 being one in which every friend of humanity
 should engage,. they fell encouraged to be
 lieve, that, although a more convenient sea
 son might have been selected, yet in conse
 quence of the object they would receive a
 good share of public patronage. And they
 are happy to state that their expectations
 have been realized, notwithstanding the in
 clemency of the weather which attended them
 during the fait.
 The gross receipts of the Fair, were seven
 hundred dollars, thirty-one cents. Expenses,
 four hundred and eight dollars, six cents.
 Balance placed in the hands of the “Com
 mittee of Thirteen,” two hundred and ninty
 two dollars, twenty-five cents.
 It would have afforded the Association
 great pleasure to have placed in the hands of
 the Committee double the amount presented,
 to assist them in carrying out their praise
 worthy object, but the very heavy expenses
 ot the fair would not enable them to do more.
 They hope, (though small the sum,) it will
 be successful in assisting some poor bond
 man or bondwoman to escape the grasp of his
 or her oppressor.
 The Association would acknowledge with
 heart-felt gratitude the liberal donations cf
 the Ladies of New Bedford, through the
 kindness of Mrs. Ezra R. Johnson, the
 Ladies of Lenox, Mass., favored by Miss
 Adeline Grant, the Ladies of Albany, by
 Mrs. Harper, Mrs. Elizabeth Jones, Pitta
 field, Masa., Mrs. Blake, Mrs. Lambert,
 Messrs. P. White, W. Edmondson, W. H.
 Yaies, G. Lawrence Jun, Steward, D. Els
 ton Cunningham, Spencer Johnson, T. B.
 Vidal, J. Lee, R. F. Wake, C. Brice, G.
 F. Downing, J. G. Mann, Condcrport Potter,
 C. Penn, J. H. Jackson, Linclair, E. Clark]
 Le Comfite, Miller, Huff, Saddler, Johnson,
 Magnan Si Adams, M. Johnson, Whiisey
 Ponteau, Robinson and Purvis of Philadel
 phia. FANNY TOMPKINS Sec’y.
 Niw York City.
ID 3 Two fugitive slaves from Pendleton
 county, Va., were arrested last week at
 Unioatown, Pa. and it being announced by
 telegraph that an armed body of men were
 about to march from Brownsville to rescue
 them, the Uniontown Volunteers were ordered
 out, and reinforced by citizens snd muskets,
 marched through the streets with the mayor
 at their head. The latest repoii is that the
 freedom of the negroes had been bought for
 s3soo l—Prod Christian.
K? The Boston city authorities have re
 fused the use of Faneuil Hall for the Anti-
 Fug hive Slave Law Mass Meeting—thinking
 ther. by, probably to appease the wrath of the
 Southern merchants, who have withdrawn
 their patronage from Boston, on account of its
 Abolitionism. In consequence, the time for
 holding the meeting has been postponed until
 Tuesday, April Btb, when it will beJield in
 this city.— Christian Citizen.
E The population oi South Carolina has
 increased 74,018 during the last ten years.
 Of this number, 56,786 are slaves, snd 17,
 233 freemen. It will be seen that the mi
 nority own the msjoiiiy in South Carolina, the
 slave population exceeding that of the free
 by 100,983.-— Pract. Christian.
B &lt;2 ton is aisled here that
 Mr Hsveas, the U. S. Marshal for this dis
 inci, bis by aon.e means or other obtained
 from Mr. Debrt e, of Now Orleans, theclairn
 snt of Sbadrsck’s papers, which seeoro bio
 faiure freedom, and that he islo return to
 Boston to Montreal and become etidenoe for
 ’ba Chjvornment ,—Roch, Democrat,
"
