"Notices.
fcMO CMOS WITH £LAV£ll&lt;HJ»£fl3!.&lt;4
 FOURTEENTH A!WIYEK*ARY
 Of i’jf AmcriranAiU-Slavery Society.
*n»rs Fmtrtanah Annual Meeting of the
 Anti-Slavery Society, held
 in the Rnta&gt;]wiy Tabernacle, New on
 Tuesday, the »witit Day «*f May, at 10 j
 «*dock. A. M.
 Ttx? present started of public affairs in this
 country, should make this meeting one ot;
 nr*re th in mmal import-mice and interest. Thef
 Southern boundary of American Slavery
 'is-h, Ptreo’ this Society was formed, ha&gt;,
 Hec.i removed from lha Sabmc to tha Nnecee
 it it now pmpos: d liy its gtmnliai* to remove i
 *l.ll further into the fr.»e territory of a sistei
 Republic, Wo hare little reason to expect i
 a more favorable termination to the two
 war wafred. at an enormous expense of blo**d
 and treasure, for the sole purpose of extending
 the worst syst'tn of human bondage by con
 .«lupm. Whether the Abolitionist* of the
 country can arrest the perpetration of thn'
 stupendous national ersnsy m uM, it is no I*®-
 •t-*ir duty to make the effort. Tire las',
 public protest they uny have the opportunity
 to record against it, should be earnest ami j
 unanimous.
 The necessity of the moment should al*
 remind us of hmv much of the work is still to'
 b- done, which this Society, fourteen yean
 ago, resolved to do. Since its formation, Sla
 very ha* not been abolished in a single Stau
 ol the Union. A million more of our coun
 trymen have been bom to the lot of slaves.
 Hut that this, .Society and its auxiliaries have,
 aroused, to a certain degree, a universal Anti-!
 Slavery sentiment at the North, and have;
 mode the topic one of absorbing interest,
 throughreu the country, is the best evidence
 of the wisdom- of their measures, and should!
 be the strongest incentive to-sfill mure strenu
 ous and self-denying toil.
 The old and tried friends of the cause,
 and those who have been but recently
 aroused to tbe necessity of the overthrow* of
 the felon system of American Slavery, are
 urged to make of this meeting a graud rally
 for freedom.
 WM. LLOYD GARRISON, Prest.
 Wendell Phillips,
 H. Gay, Secretaries.
ANTI-SLAVERY MEETINGS.
 Jonathan Walk hr, from Florida, and
 John S. Jacobs, from North Carolina, will
 address the people at the following named
 JltecT* and times. Will the friends of hu
 mnuity at those places make the necessary
 arrangement, and assist them from place to
 place 1
 Fairport, Saturday, March 18.
 Egypt, Sunday, 19.
 Penfield, Monday, 20.
 West Walworth, Tuesday, 21.
 Corners, Wednesday, 44 22.
 Willianmem, Thursday, 23,
 Marion, Friday, 24.
 Palmyra, Saturday, 25.
 Rochester, Sunday, £G.
 Scnccs Falls, Monday, 27.
 Syracttsc, Wednesday, 29.
 Whiteaboro, Thursday, 30.
 Utica, Friday, 31
 lattlc Falls, Saturday, April 1.
 Manhoitn, Sunday, 2.
Join Jacobs* a self emancipated slave
 from North Carolina, proposes th;; following
 .-s of meetings, relying upon the influence
 of t!i: friends in each place to aid the cause
 along.
 Westfield, Mass. Wednesday, April 5.
 Warcestcr, Thursday, G.
 Providenco, 11. 1., Friday, 7.
 Newport, Sat. Sun. 8A 9.
 Fall River, Muss. Monday, 10.
 Nantucket Tues. Wed. 11&amp;I2.
 Fairhaveu, Friday, 14.
 New Bedford, Satutday, IG.
 Cam! nidge, 44 Tuesday, 44 18.
 South Boston, 44 Wednesday, 44 19.
 IO» The Liberator will please copy.
West Winfield, March, 1848.
 Mr. F. Dolclass, —Sir Will you have
 th? g&lt;«slncss to insert in vour paper the fol
 lowing, sod confer a (avovon a poor fatherless
 snd motherless boy.
 L. G. THOMAS.
 West Winfield, March 18, 1818.
 Information Wanted. —John, James and
 Bridget Dunlin, three orphan children, whose
 parents died in July last, of ship lever, while
 on their passage from Ireland to Quebec, in
 the ship Virginia, having by some casualty
 b?com? separated and lost from each other.
 Information is now solicited by James, who
 now lives at W est Winfield, Herkimer coun
 ty, Siam of New Yotk, relative to the
 whereabouts of his brother and sister above
 named and could any person to whom this
 notice may come, give such information by
 mail to West W'mfield, they would confer a
 favor on a friendless boy.
 James donlin.
 ITr* Publishers of newspapers will please
 copy.
The Bark rat Family.— These skilful and
 accomplished vocalists were greeted on Friday
 evening with a large, and if we may judge
 bv the attention given and th*' frequent main
 fc-irtatuNis of appiauso, a d .‘lighted audience.
 If tb.*r« was anv disappointment, it was at
 h “aring better music tluu had been aulicipa
 t-J. The Barkers take rank among the first
 vocal families, of which there are many in the
 country, and richly d-*scrve the rninmenda
 n«t.u winch th press and the public have so
 hbirally awarded them.— Troy Daily Post.
 --Frederick Douglass, (J. L.
 Rintend aud J. Hathaway, Inured or
 Saturday evening and Sunday morning am
 afternoon in Liberty Hall, aud Sunday at A
 o'clock and in the evening, in the Buptts
 m icting house, on tire subject of Slavery, h
 large aud attentive, and wc presume grutifie&lt;
 an hones. Til* lecturers are eloquent ai*
 powerful as public *puiketo.—-1 of** Gvutit\
 Whiff.
 Anti-Sk taiuaxism. —The church atTro;
 N. Y., proud -J over by It. 11. Garnet, ha
 re arntlv made an advance atop against aorta
 noutsm. We had intended tin
 r. solution* pate*-1 by them, bet hate unfor
 tytaulv ninduid our **«&gt;py.
APPROPRIATIONS FCB CDLOftBH
 SCHOOL*.
 Friend Smith Permit me through your
 paper to call the attention ut the colored peo
 ple of this State to the foHmswg few, appro
 l riatir.g sum of money t# defray (he expense
 of sc bools fur the exHnsivfc instruct ioa of col
 ore*! children, pamod May 12th, 1847
 There shall be paid from the income ofj
 the United States deposit fund to the trustee* j
 of every incorporated village, which shall, du-!
 ring one year from the passage of this act,!
 i support for three mouths or more a school for'
 the exclusive instruction of colored children,
 the sum of twelve dollars m month during the
 time such school shad he kept, not exceeding
 m months, to he applied to defraying the ex
 penses thereof; but no money shall br paid
 as aforesaid for any month during which the
 Bum! er of scholar* attending such school shall
 be, oj t!ie jv rage, less than ten, and (br this
 purpose »hr *;im «4" five thousand dollars of ibe
 svd income is hereby appropriated/*
 1 fmd by inquiry at the (‘omptndler's office,
 that but turee schools have availed themselves
 of the appropriation. It cannot be, that it is
 i generally know a that such an appropriation
 has been made. If you and other editors
 friendly to the colored people will publish th.s
 article, you will confer a favor upon them.
 T. S. B.
 Albany, March 22d, 1348.
 CoLoRKn Schools.—AU perrons through
 out the State who are interested in the estab
 lishment of schools for colored children, are
 referred to the communication of 44 T. S. 8.,”
 It is important that the appropriation alluded
 to, should be drawn and employed as intended,
 eUe the law will be repealed, and the further
 appropriations for this good object withheld.
 The above, which wc copy from the A&amp;wny
 Erjtrrxs of the 27th, in*t., should awaken
 general attention to the subject of Etchuirc
 Co'or'd Schools. it can be easily shown, that a
 system of equal school privileges will obviate
 every disadvantage and confer lionor upon the
 Umpire State: but this question will soon be,
 further noticed by the editors.
 SKETCH
 Of the nperonf rrmnrktrf Wnvlfll Fhillipt f before the
 Committee on the Duunv n Petiti&gt; n*.
 Mr. Chairman :—As one of these petition-'
 ers, I appear before you this afternoon to en
 force, as 1 may be able, the reasons stated in
 the petition itself, for a Dissolution of the
 Union. I oliserve that one of the morning
 papers presumes to dictate to the Committee,
 and expresses the opinion that any attention
 paid to these petitioners, is waste of that 1
 time which is paid for by the public.” It'
 would be idle to look for candor, independence
 or consistency in that or any other political!
 p»*css but perhaps we might lie pardoned for
 imagining that a decent respect lot the com
 mon sense of readers, would lead the papers,
 just now, to touch with a reverent hand any
 thing relating to the Right of Petition. The
 grave has just closed over Adams, amid testi-.
 monies of national respect but once, if ever, j
 before equalled on this side the ocean. What j
 is it that has blotted from our memory tbe'
 many bitterly disputed acts of his lii’e
 What has taken his name from tho list of
 every day statesmen, and made it a household
 word—lulling tho strife of parties, and turning
 every angry tone into eulogy It is the last
 ren years, the heroic years of his life—years
 during w hich he lias linked his memory for
 ever with freedom of speech, with the* right
 of the humblest human being to Ire heard by j
 the government.. It was for presenting the'
 petitions sf the few and the despised, that he!
 was threatened w ith censure. It was for pro-1
 suiting petitions whose request he thought the
 j Legislature had no authority to grant, lhat he
 w as threatened with expulsion from the House
 of Representatives. Let us hear no more,!
 'then—at lust till the snows of one winter
 have melted from his grave—of disregarding
 petitions, because, in the opinion of the ma
 jority, the object itself is not constitutional.—
 .Sir, the majority never petition—they legis
 late. Of course, it must always be the mi
 nority who petition. It is through this chan
 nel that the first humble utterance of a new
 thought, or an unpopular and unheeded prin
 ciple, finds its way to the Legislature. Who
 ever limits the right of petition, destroys it.—
 Through it, the humblest and the most un
 popular must have leave to speak on all sub
 jeets, and propose measures of every charac
 ter otherwise, the right is but a name. If
 they are to receive attention only after they
 have grown numerous and powerful, the right
 of petition is a mockery for then they can
 command it in readier ways. If they are to
 be allowed to ask only what eveiybody thinks
 best and legal, they may as well be silent
 s'nce it ts nothing hut an interest in principles,
 generally denied, trampled under foot, or lost
 hi the clamor ot interest and party,that brings
 them to the door of the Legislature.
 Whatever, therefore, Mr. Chairman, may
 be the opinion of the Committee, as to the
 expediency, or even legality of our request, at
 least w hile these walls are shrouded in mourn
 ing for Adams, you will not make that opinion
 any reason for refusing us a candid and atten
 tive hearing.
 Mr. Chairman, you may think it idle to
 urge upon the Legislature the consideration of
 a measure so generally denounced as the Dis
 solution of the Union. But this is not the
 first time that the abolitionists have approach
 ed the Legislature of Massachusetts. While
 these seats are filled, year after year, with dif
 ferent individuals, we may be said, in the
 French Convention phrase, to be in [terms*
 nent session.” Under a sense of duty that
 Will not allow* us to rest, we have eomo up
 here year after year. Our first appearance,
 with any new proposal, inet with the scorn of
 a w eathercock press—the half indifference,
 half indignation of tbe Legislature— and
 sometimes the insults of its Committees. But
 we have ypt to meet our first failure. All!
 that we have hitherto asked has been granted j
 Twelve years ago, a few women asked the
 State to change its law as to marriage a
 statute a century and a half old. Yeu re
 member the insulting epithets, the labored
 contempt with which they weru visited. If
 you will open the Statute Ifook of 1843, you
 will find, in four shortlines, the result. Weshall
 eenainly persevere till our ardor is damped
 by one defeat; and we confidently trust that
 the day is not distant when the Legisla
 ture, recognizing its own principles. wUI be
 w illing to draw from them the very inference*
 which we are to urge upon you this aflcr
 noon. j
 We ask for Disunion, and we are read? to!
 meet with all the obloquy which such a pro
 -1 position Iwgels. Disunion is not a rare word
 in our national history. Disappointed ambi
 lion has often, for a moment, longed for sepa
 rate confederacies, in u Inch there would be
 more Presidential chairs than one. Parties,'
 m the hour of defeat, have talked of revolu
 tion, when revolution w as their only chance ot
 success. And sometimes even a .State,
 thwarted in Us favorite purpose, has tbreat
 •*ncd to shoot madly from its sphere. But the
 ibolitiouists are the only men who have ever
 i calmly, soberly, and from mature conviction,
 I proclaimed, M the outset, their purpose to seek
 tbe dissolution of this American Union and
 ibis from no bitterness of personal or party
 i disappointment, but solely at the bidding of
 principle and front a sense 4&gt;f duty,
 j! These petitions are called revolutionary.—
 We accept the description. Tliey are in
 tended to be. We hope they are, m another
 sense, revolutionary— that is, akin to the
 j neasurcs and principles uf our ITTrt. Wise
 j lawyers doubt, it is said, whether a ran
 *onstitutif&gt;na!ly secede from the Union. N' o
 natter huw* that question ts settled. We du
 iot propose this aa a constitutional measure.
 !f such a course be nut allowable under the
 t onslituUmi, there is such a thing as going
 »\er it. Tbe right of tbe |*eoph* to alter the*r
 j briu of government has never lieen denied
 i i re. It tf that right v.c stand, the sa
pped right «f nprebtion. If ap tbe Svalb he*
 Ip codpuutw contended, torcession *lt c*»-
 Mitutiena! light, vrgj| are will txxmaMU the
 fptsonferi chalice to her lips. Indeed, it «rifi
 m* be in bar MMth to question the Papatfcto
 ttonality of the course recommended in these
 Mti&gt; om. But if tU heller law of N«« Eng
 land rejeria that doetnne— well al*o. There
 to a right beneath, and more ancient than the
 parchment,—the right of each generation In
 govern itself.— Liberator.
 JL
 Frost the Bbchstose llroucW.
 PUBLIC HEARING OP THE MAS
 SACHUSETTS PETITIONERS.
 The Judiciary Committee gave a public
 hearing to the petitioners who ask fi*f the
 peaceable secernon of Massachusetts fn m the
 American Union on Friday .art, in tho Rcpre-
 H'ntativc*’ Chamber. Messrs. (Jwiiiswo »«d
 Jrhillips appeared for the peutienew. 1*
 ilk? fint tunc 10 good m clubcc bad been of
 fered them to present their cause before a Le
 gi-lative Committee, they having on former
 occasions been obliged to do h m the green
 room. Nobly did they de'end their position.
 I am very far from adopting, as an Ant Sla
 very measure, the prowl which these gcntle
 ueu propose nor do 1 wtah you to advocate
 these or the view s of any other party ia your
 paper. But believing you intend, from time
 to time,to keep your readers informed reepect
 ing the different reform movements, without,
 as a public journalist, taking sides with any
 parly, I aend yon a few thoughts which that
 debate suggested to my own mind.
 The hall was filled some time before the
 Committee took their scats, with gentlemen
 and ladies, snd a pretty fair sprinkling of
 members nf the State Government. Mr.
 PAillit s opened the discowien, and proceeded
 to matte one of the most brilliant and eloquent
 addresses I ever heard. It was listened to
 throughout by the large audience in attend
 ance,with profound attention and most evident
 satisfaction. Admitting his premises, that
 the encroachments of ihe Slave Power are
 such as to demand ihe immediate secession of
 the Non-Slaveholding States from the Union
 that there is no remedy in any other meas
 ures that salvation cannot be looked for from
 any other effort; and his logic is a chain of
 steel links—his conclusions irresistible. It is
 impossible to give you anything like a sketch
 of whar he said. Yo say it was beaiuiful,
 heart-stirring and cha«e that it was the soul
 of eloquence, embodying itself in the simplest
 and purest forms of speech that it was the
 spontaneous gushings forth of Liberty in all
 her glowing nature, and fitted to charm tbe
 despot even from his deeds of wrong, and
 cause him, half repentant, to forego the
 wickedness which his soul proposed, is to say
 nothing. To be appreciated, it must have
 been beard. No second person caa pen it
 down. 1 cannot report him »f I try, and
 therefore will not attempt it. Many persons
 who listened to his manly eloqeeuce, were
 convinced that the slave institution is the great
 trouble in our national affairs—the paramount,
 the absorbing question, which we must meet
 as men, and decide foT humanity. Net a f«jw
 of the members of the Legislature have re
 marked in my presence since, that if the slave
 power continues to make its encroachments,
 this question of Seccession is only a question
 of time that Dissolution or Slavery are the
 only alternatives for Northern Freemen. This
 t do not advocate, and my 'prayer is, God
 save us from slavery* and preserve ihe Union
 inviolate.
 It was nearly six o'clock whon Mr. Phil
 lips finished his speech. Mr. Garrison then
 arose, aud after ascertaining that the Commit
 tee could not! give them another bearing, pro
 ceeded to address them; but the circumstan
 ces under which he labored were embarrass
 ing. It was night—the shades cf evening
 had already closed in around us. Many peo
 ple arose and left the hall; having been grati
 fied with the eloquence of Phillips, they
 wished for nothing further. Mr. G., howev
 er. went on in his usually calm, argumentive,
 and solemn manner, llis reasonings were
 impressive and forcible, and, however absurd
 the measures he recommended may appear to
 many, yet that the advocate was a sincere
 and honest man, an ardent lover of his race,
 possessing a soul overflowing with a world
 wide philanthropy, was na-doabt the irresisti
 ble conclusion of every peraen who listened on
 that occasion.
 The debate was closed before seven o'clock,
 and nil r.ovv feel anxious to know what the
 report of the Committee will lie. It is not at
 all probable that ihey will favor the prayer id
 the petitioners. Neither do 1 think tliey will
 report leave to withdraw. b.
THE NORTH STAR.
ROCHESTER, M iRCIi 31, 1848.
March 27th, 1818.
 Dear Readers:—W'e are again absent from
 our editorial post, though not from Anti-Sla
 very duty. The urgent demands upon us to
 attend and address public meetings, and the
 absolute necessity of increasing our subscrip
 tion list, and the fact that we can do much
 towards the latter result by attending public'
 meetings, will, we fear,for the present, make'
 it our duty to travel much more than we con-,
 tcmplated, at the establishment of the North'
 Star. The difficulty of combining success
 fully the duties of the editor with those of the
 lecturer, will be readily seen. The two posi
 tions are so dissimilar, that to be proficient in
 the one, is to be almost necessarily deficient in
 the other. One feels little like sitting down
 at the close of an exciting meeting, in the
 midst of warm friends of the cause, anxious
 to exchange opinions, and write an editorial
 article. There may be those wlto can do so,
 but we have not the gift. When among our
 friends, we are one with them. We love too
 well to sail alung the pure tide of social re-
 gard and intercourse, to leave the cheering
 circle of friends, cither to read or to write.—
 Besides, the duties of the Anti-Slavery lec
 turer are not completed by an address from the
 platform. To be effective, he must enlist the
 interest of the social circles in which he may
 have the privilege to move and to do this, j
 and travel from lace to place, as wc now must
 do, will leave little time for writing. We
 will persevere, however, and do the very best
 we can and our publisher and printer doing;
 the best they can, will leave little cause for;
 complaint on the part of our readers during
 our absence.
 Wc find a strong desire in the ptiblie mind
 of this region to hear Anti-Slavery set forth
 in its most radical form. The field is white
 fur the harvest, and it is sad to think that the
 laborers are so few. Western New York’
 looks almost forsaken, deserted and desolate,
 for the want of tbe voice of living, earnest
 and disinterested Anti-Slavery laborers.
 Even tbe liberty party is inactive. We roam
 over miles snd miles of fos region without
 finding s living represcnlstire ef that party,
 no lecturers or tract distributers. The vein
 of James C. Jscksoo is silent seder tbe hand
 of affliction, William L. Chaplin is at Wash
 ington, snd there seems tabs none to take
 their places. The dtvistoes ia the ranks of
 Liberty party are wwstwmy the strength of
 her strong men—their wea| «o» betog turned
 agaisst each other. We thrnk these division*
mm mlr kr tab* ky towwf Arir fini|
 Imre ami their first work, which toss to car
 tort, Tthtagfi xad modify tbe etofupt tana)
 snmmewt afflto North, by ptoiaot
 Bad pereevatiag eafom mrl el tbs great pdn
 dples of tritli aod justic* »poo tkte coomim
 6ou of thp poople. TkelKtrg spooler ought
 to be sent forth into every town, village and
 hamlet ia the land, and, ia the burning word*
 of Whittier, to “pour the bring coals el
 truth on the nation's naked heart,” W herever
 else abolitionists may differ, here at least,
 they mm agree. The people are attiring
 for Anti-Slavery truth, and it is the duty ot
 the Aeti-Stemy forces to creaking and give
 them tbe needed bread.
 The Western New Tork Anti-Slavery So-}
 eiety is puttiag forth its best efforts to en
 lighten and purify the public mind of this re-,
 gioa but they are few snd of small means,;
 and therefore cannot cover tbe whole ground.,
 Wc call upon Abolitionists everywhere, to.
 suspend their jars and divisions, and come up j
 to the greet work of strengthening pebfie
 opinion against our common foe, slavery.
 We proceed to give our readers an account
 of our meetings and movements thus for. On
 l Thursday evening, 23d March, we held, in
 company with J. C. Hathaway aod Charles
 Lenox Remood, a meeting in Canandaigua
 The churches of this place being closed
 against Anti-Slavery lectures, we held our i
 j meeting in s hall belonging to our staunch
 Anti-Slavery friend, Mosher. The meeting
 was opened with prayer by Rev. Mr. Whit
 t»ey, and ihough thinly attended, the interest j
 manifested by those present was satisfactory j
 and refreshing. We were cordially wel- j
 comcd, and kindly made at home, in the
 family of ©or esteemed friend, Henry John
 son, who is one of the few colored men at the
 North who understand and appreciate the
 humble efforts of the Anti-Slavery men to
 improve and elevate their condition, as well as
 to emancipate tbe slave.
 Friday, 24th March, we went to Rnsh
 ville, a town about ten miles distant from
 Caoaadaigva, where a meeting was appointed
 for us at two o'clock that day. The roads
 wcie in very bad order, and in some places
 almost impassible. On arriving in Rushville.
 Remond, Hathaway and ourself were invited
 &gt;o make our home at the house of Mr. Oliver
 Harwood, a writ known Anti-Slavery man,
 during our stay. The kindness, hospitality,
 and religious interest of this dear family in
 the cause of the slave, made our visit to
 Rushville exceedingly pleasant, and leads us
 to look forward with pleasure to the time
 when we shall enjoy the privilege of meeting
 there again.
 Our meetings on Friday afternoon and eve
 ning were held in the Congregational Church,
 and were very well attended, and tbe spirit
 which pervaded them showed that some good
 was done. Friends Remond and Hathaway
 both performed noble work for the cause.
 Saturday, 25th March, Penn Yan.—We
 found here quite a spirit of opposition to,
 our meetings. The Rer. Silas I fa wifi/, Pas-!
 tor sf the Congregational Church in this,
 place, being bitterly averse to ourself and
 friends,and for some time previous to our arrr-!
 valhad been busily engaged in circulating pre
 judicial reports against us, and charging us
 with infidelity and various heresies. Through
 the kindness and faithfulness of our friend
 Jacob Platt, we obtained the use of Liberty
 Hall, a room which would accommodate
 about three hundred persons. This was
 I densely crowded by a rcspeclable and intelli-1
 gent audience. Friend Hathaway and our
 self occupied the attention of the audience
 during the evening. At the closs of this
 meeting, three were announced to be lield on
 Sunday, during the hours of religious wor
 ship, and with this announcement, we an
 nounced our intention 1o attend to the case of;
 Rev. Silas Hawley, as well as the revival go-.
 ing on under his auspices.
 Sunday morning, at the hour appointed,;
 the Ilall was again crowded by an interesting
 and earnest audience. After a hymn, and
 a prayer by the Wesleyan minister, who, by
 the way, gave up his own meeting, and urged;
 his congregation to attend ours, thus making 1
 common cause with the slave and his friends,
 we proceeded to address the audience on the
 subject intimated the previous evening. We
 were followed by Mr. Hathaway in a speech
 of great force, exposing, in a masterly and
 earnest manner, the insidious and despicable
 pro-slavery manceuvreings of Rev. Silas
 Hawley and his sympathizing friends. Before
 our forenoon meeting came to a close, the
 trustees of the spacious Baptist Church, in a|
 spirit worthy of the faith cherished by Knibb
 and Burchell, champions of West India eman
 cipation, generously offered tbe use of their!
 church for our afternoon meeting at four
 o'clock. This kind offer was thankfully ac
 cepted. Wc however commenced our after
 noon meeting, at two o'clock, in the ball, and i
 adjourned from thence in a body to the Bap
 tist Church, at four o'clock. Mr. Remond
 and myself addressed the meeting.
 An evening meeting was appointed, and
 though quite rainy, we again enjoyed a large
 audience, who appeared to listen with an in
 creasing interest from an early boor till near
 ten o'clock. Tbs meetings in this place have
 been the most interesting and successful which
 wc. have attended since nor residence in
 Western New York and if we do not very
 much misapprehend tbe character of the peo- 1
 pie who attended our meetings, a large dud-
 her of them have been permanently attached
 to our holy cause. Thus has the cunning of
 a crafty, pro-slavery, canting priest bsen con
 founded, and his designing schemes brought
 j to nought.
 About two years ago, an Anti-Slavery agi
 tation took place in Penn Yan, which resulted
 in rupturing the Presbyterian Church in that
 place. The seeeders from that organization l
 justified their course apoo the ground that it
 fetlow&amp;hipped slaveholders as Christians. An
 Anti-Slavery church was formed and placed
 under the pastoral charge of Ovid Miner. A
 commodious budding was erected, the doors of
 i which were thrown wide opes to all classes of
 j abolitionists for the advocacy of the cause c tf
 the slave. At the piesoet time, tbisebuiGbis
 under the pastoral control of Silas Hawley.
 They are engaged in a revival nf religion,
 and the doom of tho house are boked and
 barred against Anti-Slavery agents. Among
 other reasons for abetting set tbs advocates of
 the Rave, H ia urged by the prominent mem
 hers of that ehsreh, that the discussion of this
 subject would have a tendency to retard the
 progress of the revival.
 I The Auti iJkrrcrj character, aad sf course
(fee Christo Acrlw, of this mirakaf
 hfroa.may hejnffged of from the foc| tfoi it j
 is caned fomri lM|aioalj by tkafob*
 ter and mimhute of the Presbyterian Cboarb,
 win atiO tod m reKgwos foOowahip with
 BWSHrtealo* aid the professedly Anti*£U very
 usmhtrr and church member* of the Sece
 ding Church. P. I).
 M. B. DEL4XT.
 The following notice*, will we ye—w,
 be (raufying lo the reader* of the North Star.
 Mr. DeUav nan tour Weal ward, to pro
 mote the calculation of the paper, cunacqnnat
 ly we anticipate a large accession to our sub
 scription hat through his efforts in that region.
 Hie Aurora, New Luton, 0., thee aotiees
 Mr. Dclany
 Lectures on Sumi and Ntnosti
 Btma.
 “M. R. Delany, late of Pittsburgh, but
 now of Rochester, New York, will lecture at
 the fallowing places and times. As lie is a
 good and taleresting speaker on any subject
 he discusses, turn oat and give him a hearing
 At Salem this afternoon and evening, and
 to-morrow at sueh tunes as they may appoint
 At Franklioaquare on Monday, 1 o'clock.
 At Cod Spring on Monday evening, on na
 tional reform.
 In this place Tnesday at 3 o’clock, on na
 tional reform, and in the evening on slavery.
 The question of national reform, has never
 been discussed here in the way of a lecture,
 so it will be something new. Like slavery,
 national reform is one of the great topirs of
 the day: it interests every body, to every body
 should go and hear. Altho’ Mr. Delany is s
 colored man, and labors under tbe disadvanta
 ges of that claw, yet he is represented by
 those who have heard him, as an entertaining j
 speaker, and will please any reasonable man.”
 The Ohio Anti-Slavery Bugle, thus notices
 one of his meetings:
 Dr. Delany, one of the editore of the North
 Star, lectured oo slavery in this place on Sun
 day afternoon and evening. The chief points
 upon which he spoke, were the cruel and ag
 gressive principle upon which slavery based
 its claim, the expediency of emancipation, and
 tbe absurdity of prejudice against color. Al
 though the weather was very unfovasahle for
 meetings, he had good audiences,, and his dis
 courses must hare deepened the opposition of
 his hearers to tbe peculiar institution. He
 speaks with vigor, and h» illustrations were
 clear and pointed.
Slave Trade. —Prom statements made to
 the Enclish House off Commons, it appears
 thntdurisg the past year, 210,000 negroes
 have been shipped from Africa to slave mar
 kets, and it is computed dial 179,000 of them
 died on the passage.
Death of ah Editor. —N. Perviance, Esq.,
 editor of the Steubenville Herald, says the
 Chronicle, arrived in New York on Saturday
 last, and took rooms in the Broadway Hotel.
 He was in the last stage of consumption, and
 expired on Sunday morning about nine o’clock.
 His remains were deposited in a vault, to
 await the arrival of his friends.
Fast Day. —The Governor of Massachu
 setts with advice and consent of the Council,
 has appointed Thursday, the 6th day of April
 next, to be observed as a day of Public Fast
 ing, Humiliation and Prayer.
Porter P. Pierce. —The body of this
 unfortunate young was found on the 26th inst.
 near the mouth of the Genesee. The genera)
 belief that he was murdered has been con
 firmed by the examination of the body. A
 deep mystery hangs over tbe transaction.
Right to Hold Real Estate. —lt is sta
 ted that a bill will be immediately introduced
 into our Legislature to authorize any person
 to hold real estate in the State of New York
 who may pay for the same. It is said that
 large amounts of French capital and many
 French citizens will avail themselves of this
 liberal law.
Cannot take case or Themselves.”—
 A letter from Oberlin, states that Mrs. D.,
 is teaching a eolored school of about 40
 scholars, almost every one of whom have
 emancipated themselves, and are now sustain
 ing themselves here, paying their board, tui
 tion, &amp;c. Bro. George Thompson a few
 evenings since, addressed the eolored people
 on the subject of the Kaw-mendi mission, and
 at the close $75 were subscribed for his out
 fit. This was subscribed by 31 individuals,
 every one of whom had tasted the sweets of
 Slavery.”
Santa Anna’s Retirement. —There is
 no reason to doubt the troth of tha report
 brought by the Edith, (says the N. O. Delta,)
 that the great Mexiean whose energy has sus
 tained this war and communicated whatever
of vigor has characterized the defeneeofMex
 ico, has received his passports from our Com
 mander in Chief, and ere this has arrived in
 Vera Cruz, on his way to foreign parts. A
 gentleman now in this city saw the letter to
 Gen. Twiggs from Gen. Scott, directing the
 former to allow Gen. Santa Anna to depart in
 peace from Vera Crux.
IT? There are in the Empire State 5,800
 taverns, 353,000 formers, 21,000 merchants,
 13,000 manufacturers, 125,000 mechanics.
 3,500 lawyers, 4,600 doctors, and 4,300
 preachers of the gospel.
Colored Singers. —A family of colored
 minstrels are giving exhibitions in the interior
 of New York—the Harrison family .composed
 of father, son, and two daughters, the eldest
 child being but eleven years of age. The
 editor of the Herkimer Freeman, in speaking
 of their concerts, says;
 But to us, the music did not constitute
 tbe sole accomplishment; for Mr. Harrison,
 bis wife and children, evinced a refinement
 of manner such aa well might put some
 negro-haters to the Mush. We wish this
 family success wherever they may chance to
 display their musical talent; ami we trust
 where they go their appear*nee will lend
 much towards removing prejudice against the
 colored people.
H 7 Hon. J. G. Palfrey will accept oar
 thanks for Congressional documents.
TO COllftESrO* DENTS.
 M. R. D. received toteferdw wafeer.
 J. P. M., Wribab, OW^—W* l»» i«w
 mcivnl eopjr rf IVA—f.
 W. l n Traf, —ifedwfwhHy.
 k »!'Lf!Akau—TWßar lutaifcwW
 par Irtar «f Fcfc.lt*, fart pat h» Mt pat
 R. F. W-, la—. 11* art. mibil
 Second cl aaa»ifaina bare baa aartad,■kick
 awl a«ai *e K»*a’* mn.
 I
ffommunfeothmn.
JORATOA* WALKER AND JOHN
 S, JACOBS#
 On today —llllll, Match S 6&amp;, Mi
 nerva half was crowded (era beyood the san
 guine expectation of (Heads) by an audience
 who seemed eager to learn of tbe American
 Inquisition, from those whose personal experi
 ence coaid defy refutation.
 Jonathan Walker, bo it knows, was ac
 cused sad found guihy of “attemjting the es*
 cape of a few of his fellow beings from bond
 age* h which they were subjected for no
 cause over which they or their ancestors had
 say control, but becscse they acre of the
 weaker party, ted had sot the power to assert
 their rights among men.” For this crime he
 had been imprisoned at Fiorida eleven months
 —subjected to the pillory— a heavy fine—and
 branding in the hand with the letters “S. 5.,”
 meaning slave stealer, but which have received
 their appropriate interpretation of elate etb
 rrntr.
 j Captain Walker’s narrative excited an in
 tense interest among the audience, many ul
 whom could scarce conceal their surprise and
 indignation in view of the facts; —a citizen ol
 the American Republic thus inhumanly tor
 tured, for endeavoring to rescue seven men
 from a far worse bondage than was evet
 dreamed of by our revolutionary lathers, who,
 1 in consequence of a three penny tax on tea,
 waged a seven years’ war with the mother
 country.
 John S. Jacobs eloquently presented the
 wrongs of the American slave, and though
 liis own sufferings were far from being as
 grievous as the majority in the Southern pris
 on house, yet he could testify that slavery,
 disguised in sny form, was indeed a bittei
 draught. His experience and observation
 were narrated in a manner and earnestness
 which carried conviction to the hearls of his
 audience, aad in summing op his reasons foi
 hating slavery, and every influence supporting
 the infernal system North or South, the sea
 of upturned faces” gave a concurrent expres
 sion, We too hate slavery.”
 Friend Jacob*is a young man, who made
 good his flight from bondage acvsu years
 since, and is now naßly doing his part to dif
 fuse information on the subject of slavery and
 the means of its abolition. He is eminently
 deserving large and generous audiences. His
 soul is interested in the subject. His devotion
 to the cause, and his integrity of character,
 are well known and esteemed among ths
 riends of the slave in Boston and vicinity.
 In September, 184 G, the city of Boston wai
 the scene of an excitiug battle for liberty. A
 slave had escaped from New Orleans in s
 merchant vessel, and landed on the soil o
 Massachusetts, supposed by him, as by man;
 others also, to be sacred to man and his God
 given rights. He was hunted like a pat
 tridge on the mountain, secured and sent bad
 to hopeless bondage. The friends of lreedon
 put forth their power to save him, but thi
 wicked slaveholder, aided by Northern mm—
 Boston men, triumphed. In the struggle t&lt;
 save this flying victim from the peculiar do
 raestic institution,” many men performs
 wonders; but none among them was man
 i zealous or more executive than John S. Ja
 j
 cobs. For one whole daik night, (aftei
 vainly seeking for help in his chosen plan 01
 i rescue,) he was w atching on the islands in the
 harbor, hoping to secure freedom to hit
 brother. None tbe less praiseworthy was hit
 effort or those of others, because not crowned
 with success.
 This, and many other deeds under my own
 observation, in the cause of the panting fugi
 tive, justify me in a grateful acknnw ledge
 ment to his merit. It may not be amiss here
 to add, that the abduction of this man from
 Boston was the occasion of the largest meet-
 I jug ever held in Faneuil Hall, the old cradle
 of Liberty, and which was presided over by
 the lamented John Q. Adams.
 John S. Jacobs (as will be seen by a notice
 in another column) proposes a series of meet
 ings in Massachusetts. All w ho love liberty
 and hate slavery, will be interested aud re
 warded by an attendance.
 Thu exercises at Minerva Hall were inter
 spersed with several Anti-Slavery effusions by
 Geo. W. Clarke, the liberty vocalist. The
 song, Be Free, Be Free,” and Whittier’s
 Branded Hand,” seemed to inspire the audi
 ence with the true sentiment of freedom.—
 r rhe allusions to that Branded Hand as
 appropriately expressed by the vocalist, point
 ing repeatedly to Captain Walker, was not
 without its influence upon tbe meeting, at the
 close of which many gratified their curiosity,
 and deepened their horror of slavery, by an
 inspection of tbe branded hand.”—w. c. v.
 LEGISLATIVE WISDOM.
 It was long since remarked, that the
 w orld does not know by how little wisdom it
 u governed.” Strange to say, this is as true
 as ever of the world. The world's governors
 have been stammering along, nuking experi
 ments here sod experiments there, without
 having any fixed principle to guide them in
 the science of government; and rather titan
 be doing nothing, they w ill do mischief. In
 deed, it doubtful, whether government
 has ever been reduced to a science. like
 what is called the science of medicine—if one
 prescription foils, try another —keep trying;
 never mind if you poison the patient. There
 is only one thing that is never forgotten by
 legislators, which may probably be considered
 tbe principle of law-making—that is, the pro
 tection of the interests of class and property.
 Now it aanumeu one form, and now another
 At one time the law is fiamed for the pro
 tection of the man who has property, to the
 injury of the man who has none; and again,
 it a to protect the white, in oppressing the
 block man. Now it is for a tariff in one
 place, and a corn law in another. Various
 are the inodes and the ostensible reasons; bui
 they they are all branches of one stream,
 flowing from one fountain-head, and termin
 ating in own rent aeena of error and falsehood
 Said John Quincy Adams—“ Tha only prin
 ciple of government is, the greatest good e!
 all.”
 Among Be Ohio Black laws, is one reject
 mg the testimony of a colored witneaa in asui
 where a mb* man is a party. The folkreria|
 is mid to be the history of ifo origin, as ai
 Okie Ramie, though it leaf before forma
 pen of the inverted justice of the slave States
 Before the wmcfmrnt of Una law, on 1
 certain night, the Load Office at Cineiunat
was broken into and robbed. The ro' her
 seen emerging at a window by a teg To Thw
 white robber was indicted and foi.-i,d gt-iltv.
 upon the testimony of the black man. A
 n.otwn was made for a new Inal aid granted.
 The case, upon some pretext, was roaimocd
 at the next term, and then the buyer wj.o
 defended the accused, came to ('oh.mbus, and
 through his influence, procured the pusag#
 of the present law, and thus enabled the goihv
 to escape justice. Well may it be said cf
 1 this law. if this is a true history, that “a M
 'conceived in sin and brought forth in u,v
 quity.”
 Upon what principle of equity the pcr|e
 trxtois of this specimen of wadem, can
 I justify their act, it is difficult to imagine.
 Probably, they never attempt to justify it,
 except on the ground that might make's right.
 Ohio is peculiarly prolific of w:te laws!
 Other daughters have done virtnoi.sly, bi t
 thou cxcelk’st them all.” Here is another
 instance:
 Education or Cotorrn Children in
 Ohio.—-A bill passed tbe Ohio Hoi on the
 Bih inst., relative to the education of colored
 children in that State. It provides that m
 every town, village or township, where there
 are twenty colored children, a m boo! may be
 organized for such children, wt;h director*ar.d
 officers for such schools. It a.'so provide* that
 school taxes paid by colored erfcoi.s tfic.ll bo
 appropriated te such folsred *rhos!s*. It fj.
 pre*sly excludes colored children ai d refuels
 organized for them from all pnrlinpanry in or
 benefit frem thu school fun), but gives si h
 schools the benefit of any money or pru| erty
 I devoted t 0 them. It alto provides il.at i«
 colored child shell be admitted into ccl.co’*
 with while children, tb enjov the s;:me bene
 fits, where any parent of a w hite child in such
 school, or any legal voict, whether havirg 3
 child at such school or not, ahull make any
 objection to such child being to admitted.
 How cunningly this law is devised for the
 purpose of fostering prejudice against color,
 and for preventing colored children from re
 ceiving the advantages of education! It
 provides, that in every town or village, where
 there are twenty children, a school may be
 organised; may he organised, if there are
 any in the town or village sufficiently the
 j friends of ihc colorod man to take the trouble
 to get directors and officers for such school.
 It excludes colored children and schools from
 any participancy in the school fund, probably
 because they are least able to support them
 selves. And it winds up with a provision
 which is of course all-sufficient to prevent
 colored children from entering the doors of
 the schools for children not colored—namely,
 that no colored child shall be admitted into
 such school, if any legal voter, whether
 having a child at such school or not, shall
 make any objection.” The doctrine of the
 transmigration of souls is surely no fable.
 I Solon has appeared again in the shape of
 these Ohio lawgivers!
 Illinois seems desirous of rivalling her
 ‘elder sister Ohio—indeed, bids fair to outstrip
 her in the race of injustice'. Here is an
 instance of Illinois legislation
 The returns, fcir as received, show a
 tremendous majority in favor c-f the I\	w
 Constitution and it is also probable, that
 j article excluding free negroes from a tcsidtiictr
 111 the State, has been adopted, though not by
 so large a majority."— Nat. Intel.
 Can this be so? What offence have fn*
 j free negroes committed? Talk of d s&gt;poiic
 land unjust laws of monarch* and emperor*!
 1 here is nut 011 c —there never has been one
 who would not blush to have his &lt;1 amt; asso
 ciated with such a base act of irrational
 despotism. The Hottentot and the Russian
 would be ashamed of it! The veriest barba
 rian among the South Sea savages would he
 ashamed of it! Man, in ?hs lowest state of
 degradation aud destitution, among the bear*
 j of Greenland and Labrador, has still too much
 of generosity and of God left in his soul, to
 perpetrate such an atrocity. What a com
 mentary is this Illinois violation of the rig lit j*.
 of man on the nation’s boasted words, All.
 I Men are created equal, and endowed hv ihehr
 Creator with inalienable rights—the right t&lt;»
 life, to liberty, and the pursuit of happiness!”
 Has the negro no inalienable rights He
 has rights, but they are not inalienable—fi r
 l the American people have rohlxd him of theuv
 i all. Not only is he robbed of his rights—he
 i» robbed ot himself. Across the stage of
 j time the nations pass in solemn pomp of their
 historical procession. A happy people
 comes, some with shut Bibles in their hards,
 some with the nations laws, some uttering
 those mighty truths which God has w rit on
 man, and inen have copied into golden words.
 I 1 hen comes, to close this panorama of the
 world, the Negro Slave, bought, branded,
 beat.” As a freeman, the Negro fares but
 little better. He is insulted, robbed, aud, by
 this moustrous act of Illinois legislation,
 outcast and exiled. The darkest hour pre
 cedes the dawn.”— j. o.
 THE lIL'Tf'fIINXONS.
 New Yorx, March 29, 1848.
 Frederick Douglass— Dear Sir :—I oh
 serve in your last paper an article commenting
 somewhat severely on the Hutehiotoih Fam
 ily for singing before Henry C|ay at la* re
 cent visit to this city. )uu wrote the article
 from information received by reading cur city
 papers, and of course was not in possession of
 the facta in the ease.
 The Hutchinson* not only sang the im
 promptu song of Jesse's, but sang several
 others, among which were the Good timo
 coming,” and “The Old Granite State,”
 both of which songs were filled with Anti-
 Slavery sentiments, several new verses having
 been added to them.
 The Anti-Slavery sentiments were sung
 I with great boldness and heartfelt expression
 and truly this little band were noble cham
 pions of tbe noble cause which they advo
 cated.
 Several Anti-Slavery friends were present,
 and we all felt as though a great work had
 been done for the slave, for Harry of tire
 VVeat” hark never before listened to anti-sla
 eery troth in sueh a soul-stirring form. The
 efleet on tbe old man was good; hia heart was
 touched, and tear* trickled down over his
 aged face as lie listened to the melting vuiun
 of these minstrels of freedom. Would to (red
 that the Hutchinson Family ought smg before
 every slaveholder ip the land; the effect
 would be to greatly hasten on the good
 time eomi&amp;f,” when every slave should b*»
 emanripaard, and maakind ’should love each
 other.
 Tha tflfeet of yoor article is injurious loth#
 reputation of the Hutchinson Family, whose
 only motive in singing to Henry Hay waa to
 do good lo mankind, by spreading the great
 truths of freedom and brotherly love.
 Henry Clay is a non of great influence,
 and here waa aa opportunity to try aad to**
"
