"Speech of Mr. George Thompson.
 The following is a sketch of the speech of
 George Thompson, delivered at the Rochester
 Ami-Slavery Convention, as reported for the
 Anti-Slavery Standard:
 Mr. Thompson spoke of the condition of
 the co'ored people of this country, and of
 the hatred and prejudice which meet them,
 both bond and free, in every direction. “You,”
 said Mr. Thompson, “who profesa to believe
 that all men are created free and equal, have,
 in the face of Heaven and Earth, given the
 lie in your professions; you have proscribed
 and set span as unclean the entire colored
 population of the land three millions of them
 you have doomed to a hopeless bondage; and
 thoae who, by birth or oiher circumstances,
 t»re not slaves, you deride, scoff at, hate and
 oppress, because the same God who made
 gave them a color unlike your
 own! I can sympathize with my colored
 brother who sees but darkness around and be
 fore him, but 1 do not share his feelings of
 despondency. 1 agree with the views of my
 excellent ftiend, Mrs. Foster, who, yesterday,
 gave us words of cheering and of hope. I
 believe that his redemption is not far off; for
 all the elements of tyrannv in the land are
 now in full operation to rivet the chains of the
 slave and to make complete the work of op
 pression this is very encouraging for twenty
 years we have been trying to get the people
 of this nation round upon the subject of Sla
 very the siupor and indifference which
 marked the early days of the Anti-Slavery
 cause have disappeared, and now the whole
 land is awakened to the subject now the
 sirength of tyranny is to be tested in an open
 war with Freedom now the phiUnit%*-rt*7i
 the humanity and the true Christian principle
 of this land is brough to bear upon this dark
 system of robbery and pollution and who
 can doubt that the issue will be glorious for
 Freedom*
 1 see sitting in solitary grandeur the friend
 of my youth, the man who, by his gigantic
 efforts and matchless courage, brought this
 question of Slavery before the American
 people; thru man is Win, Lloyd Garrison.
 I with him look back upon the career of the
 Anti-Slavery cause during the twenty years
 past, and 1 looked at that cause as it stands
 now before the world it is not now the ques
 tion between “a few silly women” and some
 pert upstart clergyman in his pulpit. It is
 not now a matter for the sport and laughter
 of the heartless and the shallow brained it is
 a tiling of reality. Now the Press, the Pulpit,
 and the Legislative bodies of the land are
 engaged in its discussion now the contest is
 between the United States Government and
 the justice and humanity of the people now
 has the proclamation of the President gone
 forth now is the battle set in array the
 ground is measured, the orders given, and
 the trumpet sounded for the onset; now the
 contest is between God and Moloch and we
 rejoice that ihe battle is at hand, for we know
 that He w ho is the God of the oppressed is
 with us, and that certain victoiy awaits us.
 But 1 w as speaking of the proscription of
 the colored man. It is true that in this land
 you make ihe cruelties you practice upon a
 portion of the colored race, in making ihem
 slaves, a reason for hating and persecuting
 those who are not slaves you conspire to
 prevent ihe colored freeman from obtaining
 respectable employment; you drive him to
 the necessity of taking up with the most
 menial employments to obtain bread for him
 self and his family you conspire to prevent
 his obtaining the education he needs you,
 with few exceptions, shut to him the doors
 of the Colleges and Academies of the land,
 because the chain of the Christian is on his
 brethren at the South you at the North
 scorn and spit upon the free colored man,
 because Ins race ate imbiuted at the South;
 you deny the free colored man at the North
 the respect and honor doe him as a man! \et
 it was your God and Judge who made him.
 He it was who gave to him the form and
 color for which you hate and despise him It
 was His “Lamb” who died tor him It is
 your G id and his who will call you to ac
 count for this peisecution and haired of your
 colored brother by daring do do this, you
 place yourselves in array against God you
 seek, by indulging this feeling of prejudice,
 to arraign His wisdom and by trampling
 upon the rights of the coloied man, you vir
 tually seek to dethrone the God of Heaven
 Think of it —three millions of God’s child
 ren, equal to yourselves by birth, invested by
 their Creator w ith all the sacred rights of
 men, equal in all things pertaining to the
 dignity of the human race, with the proudest
 of the earth, equal to the President of these
 United Siaies or any of the proud statesmen
 or oppressors-of the land—three millions!
 held by their fellow-men in fee simple, goods
 and chattels to he made to toil unpaid to
 be spit upon laceiated by the whip the
 wife to be torn from the arms of the husband,
 and the child irom the embraces of the parent
 and all this in a land professedly Republican
 —in a land of Bibles, of Churches and ol
 Sabbaths The mother in travail wails noi
 till she lias brought forth her offspring snd
 rejoices at the birih of her child, but before
 it sees the light she cuises her own existence,
 and curses the day when her offspring are
 born into Slavery; for the Christians of a
 land like this, the Republicans of a land like
 this, have connived together for evil, and they
 bettay the negro from the womb aye, more
 horrible still—they doom to Slavery millions
 yet in the loins of iheir parents They have
 built up a system of w rong which shall seize
 and enslave millions of God’s creatures
 through ages to come And in enslaving
 the body, you crush the soil! The soul!
 who can the vast capabilities of the
 soul! who weigh the hopes and fears of
 only one soul and you have placed beneath
 your feet three millions l three millions oj
 slaves You cannot giasp the number you
 think of it, but do not comprehend it; go to
 the eea side and pick up the pebbles on the
 beach till you have accumulated the vast
 number of three millions and let each peb
 ble stand for one slave, and think of the
 stupendous nature of that one slave’s soul;
 think of the grandeur of its powers thiuk of
 its linmotlal destiny, and remember that to
 enslave it 18 to put out the light which God
 himself has kindled within it! that to enslave
 it is io make it dark, to crush its powers, to
 covet it with moral pollution and then multi
 ply this guilt w hich tongue cannot speak by
 the guilt of enslaving three millions and
 grasp if vou can the fearful aggregate ol
 crime!
 We look over the wateis of the Atlantic to
 see the exemplification of Chtistian principle
 in this land at the South we see, without a
 parallel, lust, incest, cruelty and murder. In
 the free Slates, even in New England, we
 pass by the proud churches and the prouder
 priesthood ol the land, and we find the exhibi
 tion of that Christian principle we seek among
 compaiatively a few men and women un
 known to fame, gathered out from every sect,
 party and condition of life, closely and peri
 odically leagued together by one oommon
 bond ot deep and constant sympathy for the
 slave. And these men and women are by
 ihe legislatures of the land, set without the
 pale ot the law, for no other crime than their
 halted ol wiong and oppression —denied for
 twenty years the protection which even the
 criminal receives, viz the defence of the
 police from the violence of lawless men.
 They are and have been outlawed by their
 own legislators, simply because they have
 loved truth and humanity, and by these legis
 lators and officers of the law have been
 deliberately given over to tbe meicies of the
 mob. I saw tnyself, in Faneuil Hall, two
 hundred ruffians, in the presence of the
 Mayor,' the Chief of the Police and the
 Police force of Boston, mock at and trample
 under foot the dearest rights of 35,000 of the
 purest and best of the lax-paying citizens of
 that city To this hour the ruins of Pennsyl
 vania Hall tell of the power of Slavery in
 this land to crush the ngbi of ftee speech and
 utterly destroy the freedom of the citizen
 and all this because of the prejudice which
 you have fostered and kept ahve toward the
 piloted race* Thai hatred of tbo blaok man
has poisoned your hearts, and you ex
 hibit it in every relation of life- 1 i have
 a citizen here in Rochester, whose residence
 in any city of the Unioo would be an honor
 to that city—a man of rare intellect, a man
 from whose writings the first newspaper in
 tbe English realm is proud to quote, a man
 who is sppreciated and admired not only in
 England but throughout all Europe— hia
 name is a household word in the proudest
 mansions on the other side the Atlantic, his
 briilisnt thoughts are treasured up by the
 scholars of the land, his soul-stirring elo
 quence yet echoes in ihe haila of that land,
 and upon the Royal Exchange hia bust is
 placed among thoae of the great of nations.
 That man is Frederick Dougiasa. And here
 at Rochester, and in America, he, in the esti
 mation of pampered priests and heartless poli
 ticians, by the rich merchant and the hard
 working mechanic, is but “a nigger.” To
 what depths of degradation does the prejudice
 against color sink those who cherish it! To
 what meanness and wickedness will not men
 stoop, who, giving themselves up to the in
 fluence of a shameful prejudice, teach them
 selves to hate without cause their brother
 whom God hath made. But courage pooT,
 scorned and insulted man of color! The day
 is coming when in your case the parable of
 Lazarus and Dives will be realized let the
 proud and rich and the mighty scorn and
 hate you the bosom of an impartial God is
 wailing for you, and foi your oppressors is
 waiting that wrath which the God of the op
 pressed has reserved for the tyrant who
 tramples His image in the dust.
 When, my friends, do you expect this
 hatted of the colored man, this crushing on
 pression in u- wl *i cease
 You cannot tell I will tell you. It will
 be when you yourselves repudiate it. Do you
 expect the Press of the land will become
 pure and just It will become so when you
 have become so, and not till then. The
 Press is a mirror, it reflects the mind of the
 public; the mass of the people of this coun
 try are indifferent to, or directly favorable to
 ward the cause of oppression. The greater
 portion of the Press of the land reflects that
 indifference or openly advocates oppression.
 Let the people of the land put on the form of
 humanity, and see if the Press does not reflect
 back that humanity against the outrage which
 Slavery commits upon the race.
 How is it with the Pulpit* any better than
 the Press No w ashed and more decent,
 but no better for when at all risks the fuig
 tivo has escaped from his shackles, as he
 passes through free New England the
 hunter seizes him, and the priest from the
 altar lends him his aid to send him back to
 Slavery, and seeks to make the Bible sano
 tionthe crime he has committed in thus sus
 taining oppression. Look now at the Pulpits
 of the land; hear from the voices of the
 Sharpes, the Deweys, the Rogerses, and a
 host of others advocating the claims of the
 man-thief and robber as paramount to the
 higher law of God When will the Pulpit
 of the land be cleansed when you the people
 shall be pure, and shall teach the recreant
 time-serving ministers to respect the claims
 of Humanity and the law of the blessed God.
 The work then is to be done with you and
 through you the people All reforms have
 been begun and been carried on by the people,
 and to them we look in this dark day of
 tyranny.
 And new take the question home to your
 own bosoms feel for the slave, for he needs
 your pity ;do your duty to him and the re
 ward of the righteous shall be yours—a peace
 of mind which the selfish and the tyrannical
 know not; the happiness of knowing that in
 the day when tyranny was strong, and the
 wrath of the oppressor was hot against the
 friends of truth and of human freedom, you
 defended the poor slave and did what you
 could for his emancipation. Choose you this
 day whom ye will serve If the Lord be God,
 follow Him —lf Millard Fillmore, follow
 him!
 1 have given above nothing but a sketch of
 the speeches of Mr. Thompson. To convey
 to those who have never heard him any ade
 quate idea of his power as an orator, is im
 possible. To those who 4 have heard him, even
 sketches of his speeches are not wholly un
 acceptable, as they serve to bring to mind the
 look and manner of the splendid orator. Il
 you, Mr. Editor, could make the summer!
 breezes at times blow gently across your
 columns—anon bring up the full sweep of
 the tempest; cause the thunder to roll along
 the page and the lines sparkle with fire
 then the leader who has never heard George
 Thompson could feel something of his power,
 and feel the blood start through his veins,
 and his heart swell with the strong emotions
 of an awakening sense of the vastness of the
 subject of which Mr. Thompson speaks, and
 the great responsibility of each one of us in
 relation to it.
News from the Old World.
 The Canada’s Mails arrived Irom Boston
 on Saturday morning.
 Rights or British Subjects in America.
 —lt may be in the recollection of our readers
 that we drew attention some month ago to the
 case of Isaac Bowers, a British subject, who,
 on iho ground of his color, was taken out of a
 vessel at Charleston, and locked up in the
 town jail during the ship’s stay in that port.
 This public notice of the subject was followed
 up by inquiries in the House of Commons,
 and eventually by an application on the part
 of our Government to that of the United
 Stales. The case has now assumed a com
 plexion of the most extraordinary kind; in
 deed, it is hard to say what confusion may
 not be generated by the action of this un
 lucky incident, on the internal politics of the
 Union and the commercial relations between
 that country and this. It should be under
 stood that two distinct authorities were found
 to be interested in the question, and a corres
 ponding division of responsibility was of
 course involved.
 The treaties regulating the intercourse be
 tween Great Britain and the United States,
 and contracted between Hex Majesty’s Gov
 ernment on one hand, and the Supteme Gov
 ernment of the Union on the other, secure to
 the citizens of each of the contracting powers
 the free right of entering, departing, and re
 siding unmolested within each other’s bound
 aries and it was on the strength of this stip
 ulation that our Government remonstrated
 against the gratuitous incarceration of one oi
 its subject*. The independence, however, ot
 the several States composing the American
 Union has only been partially surrendered to
 the Federal Government; and it was in the
 exercise of a right assumed to be legally re
 served that the local Legislature ol South
 Carolina enacted the ordinsncmsMie'r which
 Isaac Boweis was imprisoned.
 The Carolinas, as the reader Is aware, are
 slaveholding States, and with such jealousy
 do they guard their institutions that the ap
 pearance of a free black in their towns is ab
 solutely forbidden, and hence the law provid
 ing for the incarceration of all such during
 the stay of ihe vessel which shall have
 brought them to the country. On ihe one
 hand, therefore, by plain treaty engagements
 between the two countries, Isaac Bowers was
 free to enter, reside, and depart at any point
 of the American territory without molestation
 or annoyance on the other, by known local
 laws, he was amenable to imprisonment at
 Charleston in respect of his skin.
 The first application of the British Govern
 ment was made, of course, to the Cabinet ol
 Washington, as the representative of the
 American Union in its relations with foreign
 State*. Mr. Clayton, in reply, acknowledged
 the violation of the treaty in the act com
 plained of, but charged the consequence upon
 the peculiar character of tbe Federation,
 which remitted to each constituent State a
 certain private sovereignty, in virtue whereoi
 the law in question had been passed
 Whether this reply was made entirely in
 good faith, or with the wish io elude a trou
 blesome controversy, we shall not attempt to
 determine, but the results hive been singuiai
 in ihe extreme. On the receipt of Mr. Clay
 ton’s answer, by which we were virtually re
 ferred for satisfaction to tbt Government ot
South Carolina, Mr. Matthew, the British
 consul at that port, vai instructed to make
 his appeal accordingly, and he forthwith ad
 dressed a communication on the subject to
 Governor Meant, who acknowleded his note
 with eqoal courtesy, and laid the matter at
 once before the Legislature of the State.
 There teems little calculated to create dis-,
 turbance in the proceedings we have here de
 scribed. The British Government made its
 appeal in the proper quartets, and transferred
 it upon proper recommendations to others.
 The Government of South Carolina accepted
 the remonstrance in good spirit, nor is there
 any teaaon to doubt that some adjustment
 will be attempted between the assumed inter
 ests of the State and the plain rights of Brit
 ish subjects. The consequences, however,
 have been most remarkable. The circum
 stances of a correspondence between a for
 eign Consul and a local Government has been
 seized upon and denounced is a precedent ot
 the most dangerous kind, tending to nothing
 less than the establishment of provincial sov
 ereignties in derogation of the Federal
 Power.
 In ordinaty seasons the effect of such asser
 tions, perhaps would not be serious, but it hap
 pens at this moment, as the reader will re
 member, that the Southern Stales have been
 agitating for a dissolution of the Union, snd
 the incident in question is clamorously quoted
 as an overt step in the direction of independ
 ent sovereignty, inasmuch as negotiation with
 foreign powers is one of the privileges ex
 pressly reserved by the Constitution to the
 Federal Government alone. Such, there
 fore, in this view, has been the excitem«»‘
 ocra .;~»-J, Tenement call® nave been
 made upon the Executive to revoke the exe
 quatur of our consul in consideration of his
 proceeding, and to withdraw from him that
 warrant of recognition under which he acts
 a measure which would be equivalent to the
 abrupt dismissal of an ambassador from a
 friendly Court. Failing in this immediate step,
 the Cabinet is menaced with impeachment,
 as loaning itself to secession, disunion and
 treason.”
 This declamation, indeed, might perhaps
 have few results, but more remains behind.
 In remitting Lord Palmerston’s application to
 the Legislature of South Carolina, the Amer
 ican Government is understood to have added
 that, in default of redress from that State, it
 would be optional with the British Govern
 ment to leceive notice tor the abrogation of
 the treaty thus infringed. This treaty is
 nothing less than the instrument under ihe
 provisions of which our commercial inter
 course with the Ststes is now conducted, aod
 its abrogation would reopen an infinite ques
 tion of duties and tariffs. In this way the
 mere political question is complicated, not
 only by the interminable topic of Slavery, but
 by considerations ot local interests and advan
 tages.
 The Northern States are not only Abolition
 ists, but manufacturers, and moreover, are
 Protectionists withal. They have lately been
 agitating for a Protective Tariff, especially in
 respect of iron, and they seek in this instance
 for a favorable development of those chances
 which they conceive themselves to have gained
 in the fortuitous accession of the present Ex
 ecutive to power. They are not unwilling,
 therefore, to push our Government to the al
 ternative of either silently draping its com
 plaints or annulling a treaty which they would
 fain see superseded by a different understand
 ing.
 The Southern Slates, on the contrary, are
 both anxious for the recognition of local sov
 ereignty in the settlement of the imprisonment
 question, and desirous in the extreme to pre
 serve those advantages which they are well
 aware of enjoying under the present treaties.
 We may mention, indeed, as one of the re
 markable points brought out by the pending
 discussion, that the Carolinas confess some
 thing very like an obligation to Great Britain
 for the condition under which their produce
 is imported into this countiy. A letter on the
 subject, attributed to a well-known dignitary,
 plainly indicates that our supplies are only
 drawn so exclusively from American ports in
 consequence of our own indifference and mis
 conceptions, and that if his countrymen per
 sist in hugging the conviction that rice and
 cotton equally good and of sufficient quanlitv
 cannot be produced elsewhere than from the
 United States, they would live to see and re
 gret their error.” We recommend this ob
 servation, which we have literally transcribed,
 to the notice of those who think it hopeless
 to look for cotton markets in India or Aus
 tralia.
 Those acquainted with the dashing style ol
 American journalism will not be surprised to
 hear that the whole embroilment has been
 traced to the insidious perfidy of our foreign
 office, as an intregal portion of a scheme for
 dissever.ng the Union. In point of fact, our
 interests are nut immediately involved, ex
 cept in so far as it is impossible to contem
 withont concern the breaking up relations
 like those which subsist between the two
 countries. We should, no doubt, extend ev
 ety consideration to a Government so situated
 as that of South Carolina, but the question is
 beset with difficulties. It is doubtful, in the
 first place, whether any satisfactory adjust
 ment may be found practicable between the
 broad claims of the British Government on be
 half of its subjects, and the inveterate tenacity
 of the Southern States on the point of their
 institutions.
 In the next place it is uncertain whether
 this independent action of a local Government
 will be permitted, while it may be taken as in
 contestable that the State in question will nut
 submit to the intervention of the Federal
 Power in respect of a law regarding the
 management or control of slaves. The mat
 ter therefore is now dubiously resting with
 two distinct authorities—that of the Legisla
 ture of South Carolina, before which the
 question has been laid, and that of the Su
 pteme Government, which will probably be
 driven to cancel its decision, Great Britain, in
 the meantime, being absolutely committed to
 a peremptory demand. Such are some of the
 evils ol Slavery, and eveiy year’s experience
 tends to prove that there is scarcely any affair
 ot Government or Slate which is not liable to
 be complicated and embarrassed by the influ
 ence of thisever-preaent institution.— London
 Times.
Confession under Torture.—There are
 we havo no doubt, a great many good people
 who believe that the torturing of criminals for
 the purpose of extorting contession is a bar
 barism quite unknown, except as a historical
 fact, in this ago of light and law. But we
 lead, nevertheless, in the city papers this
 week, of a confession of some trifling in
 fringement of prison rules having been made
 under the torture of the shower-bath by a
 prisoner al Sing Sing a few days since. This
 method of torture, which is ot quite modern
 invention, is said not uufrequenlly to produce
 madness on those subjected to it. It is capa
 ble of producing very exquisite as one
 may well conceive from this description of it
 to a morning paper:
 By the way, we may as well give a de
 scription of the prison bathing apparatus, as
 it is in some points essentially different from
 those in general use. The person who is to
 undergo the operation is seated, and his legs,
 arms and head ire firmly fastened with wooden
 clasps, so that hs cannot get sway from tbe
 water, nor use bis hands to bteak as force.—
 The water falls about six feet, and at the tale
 of about a barrel a minute, through a piece
 of iron pierced with quarter inch holes. The
 one inflicting punishment leu on snd shuts off
 the water by means of a cord attached to a
 valve. Since the lash was abolished, this
 mode of punishment has been found very
 efficacious.”
 Efficacious no doubt of it. Waa not tbe
 thumbscrew and the iron-beet? And why
 should not the shower-bath be so also A.S.
 Standard.
Rowland Hill made s good remark upon
 hearing the power of the letter H discussed,
 whether it were a lettef or not. If it were
 not he said, it would be a very serious affair
 for him, for it would make him ill all tbe days
 of hie life,
sljc Nortlj Star.
ROCHESTER, APRIL 10, 1851.
ID" The speech of George Thompson,
 Esq., delivered at Corinthian Hall, Rochester,
 March 23d, is for sale at the Office of the
 North Star. Price 3 cents.
To oua Subscribers.—We beg to state
 that a number of out subscriptions for ihe pres
 ent year yet remain unpaid, and we shall es
 teem it a favor if our friends, who are in
 arrears, will enclose them to us by mail with
 out further delay.
UJ° Mr. Ebenezkr Black having kindly
 consented to become agent for out paper in
 Philadelphia, we shall esteem it a favor if our
 friends in that city, whose subscriptions for
 the present year are due, will immediately
 forward them to him.
ITT* We are requested by the Secretary of
 the New York Ladies Association to state
 that she omitted on a recent occasion to ac
 knowledge the donations made to the Fugitive
 Slave Fair by Mr. F. Douglass, and also by
 the Rochester friands, favored by Miss Grif
 fiths.
Boston overrun br Si»ve-nuni«rs.
 We have sometimes been reproved for our
 want of faith in successful opposition to the
 inhuman Fugitive Slave Law—but it will
 be seen by ieference to another column that
 our worst fears are likely to be confirmed.
 There is little doubt that Millard Fillmore
 and Daniel Webster will succeed *n their
 fiendish business even in Boston.
Meeting at Royalton, N. Y.
 Immediately after the Anti-Slavery Con
 vention at Lockport, we were invited to speak
 thrice at Royalton, a neighboring town —an
 invitation with which we gladly complied.
 We found, in the Wesleyan Methodist
 Minister (:he Rev. Mr. Frink) a warm ab
 olitionist, and in his congregation great readi
 ness to hear and heartiness to receive anti
 slavery truth.
 The meetings in this place were in every
 way gratifying.
 The house, on each occasion, was crowded
 to overflowing, and presented the assurance
 of much good done to the cause. Ope of
 our meetings was held on Sunday afternoon,
 and was addressed severally by Mr. and
 Mrs. Foster, and Fiederick Douglass.
 We shall remember this visit among the
 farmers of Niagara County with satisfaction
 and shall welcome another opportunity of
 visiting them with pleasure.—f. n.
Anti-Slavery Festival.
 We learn, with sincere pleasure and grati
 tude, that our warm friends, and distin
 guished co-laborei in the field ol Philanthropy,
 George Thompson, has signified his intention
 to attend a grand Anti-Slavery Festival, to
 which he has been invited by a numerous
 Committee of Ladies in this city. The pre
 cise time for holding this contemplated enter
 tainment, is not yet fixed; but, we are au
 thorized to say that it will be during the last
 week oj the present month. A spirited Com
 mittee of Ladies have the matter in hand,
 and they have already secured ihe spacious
 Corinthian Hall lor the purpose. We antici
 pate a highly-interesting occasion for we
 are sure that no efforts will be spared by the
 committee, and we know that the name of
 GEORGE THOMPSON in Rochester, is a
 host of itself. The Rev, Samuel J. May has
 also signified his intention of being present
 and we hope yet to hear from others.— -f. d.
Letter from the Editor.
 Toronto, C. W.
 He who can act in the capacity of his own
 chronicler without at the same time appearing
 egotistical and ridiculous to others, possesses
 a talent for letter writing of which I find my
 self greatly deficient, if not wholly destitute.
 It is true that minute accounts of my own
 public movements have appeared in the col
 umns of the North Star; and it is also true
 that I have pretty nearly abandoned the
 practice of inserting them—but certainly not
 before it had become thoroughly distasteful to
 me, and perhaps equally so to my readers.—
 In again sending a letter to the Star, infotm
 ing my readers of my doings, I can plead, as
 stoutly as Gen. Cass, the apology of circum
 stances. It is now my fortune to be the
 travelling companion or George Thompson
 and of Samuel J. \Ly, champions of free
 dom and friends of my enslaved people, in
 whose every movement I feel the most grate
 ful and lively interest; and if, in recording
 their good works, my own are inferred, let
 my own gratitude to tkera plead my apology
 for what must be unavoidably complimentary
 to myself.
 On Monday morning, March 31st, Mr.
 Thompson and I started from Lockport,
 (where he had been delivering addresses to
 highly delighted audiences during several days
 previous,) for Toronto, via Lewiston. The
 ride from Lockport to Lewiston was performed
 partly by steam power and partly by horse
 power. The road between these points is
 one of the oldest in the United States, and
 perhaps the most dilapidated. Snake
 heads” are abundant; and the traveller feels
 tar more apprehension on account of these
 than from any liability of being thrown off the
 track, for the highest speed attained on this
 road does not exceed ten miles an hour. In
 passing through tbe Indian Reservation, we
 saw a number of Indian cottages or huts, in
 which Mr. Thompson seemed to take much
 interest. Now and then, there would appear
 at the doors, sons and daughters of the forest,
 whose aspect seemed to halt between the
 rudeness of the past and the civilization of
 the present. I never look at an Indian with
 out having my feelings depressed. 1 regard
 him as a brother in affliction—as smitten by
 the same hand which has prostrated my own
 people.
 We leached Lewiston from Lockport in
 about two hours, where we were met by the
 Rev. S. J. May and Hiram Wilson, who
 were waiting to join Mr. Thompson in hn
 Canadian tour. Lewiston is situated on the
 American side of the Niagara river, and is
 seven miles from the falls” on one hand,
 the lake ou the other. There is nothing very
 interesting in the appearance of the village,
 but its environs are beautiful. A range oi
 lofty hills on the north—a broad and fertile
 plain airetching off to the esai, dotted with
 good farms, interspeted with grand old
 woods, with the picturesque banka of Niagara
river on -the Canadian aide—the Suspension
 Bridge on the South, (connecting two peace
 ful nations) over the contending waves of the
 river below, make the location of Lewiston
 exceedingly beautiful.
 From Lewiston, we took the Canadian
 steamer, Chief Justice, for Toronto. I
 was very soon made to feel, on board of this
 steamer, that I was leaving the United Slates.
 The captain, officers and passengers, main
 tained a deportment and bearing towards me
 altogether un-American. On being intro
 duced to the captain, he touched his hat,
 made a graceful bow, and advance! to take
 me by the hand, indicating that, though an
 Englishman, he did not despise manhood in a
 sable hue. There was a total absence, in tbe
 countenances of the passengers, of that ma
 lignant aversion with which colored persons
 are usually regarded by white people when
 they travel by steamers in the United States.
 The trip from Lewiston to the lake is very
 beautiful. The deep gorge through which
 Niagara river passes, as viewed from the
 deck of our steamer, cannot fail to tivet the
 attention of the lover of nature. The beauty
 of the scene is equally divided between the
 United States and Canada, the whole distance.
 At the mouth of the river, it was easy to see
 that we had been passing between the domain
 of two nations. Fort George,” on the
 Canadian aide,” and Fort Niagara,” on the
 American, presented their menacing fronts,
 and unfolded their rival banners, all smiling
 that day to be sure, but at the same time in
 dicating the power to do something else not
 quite so pleasant or agreeable. Fsur hours
 on the placid Lake Ontario, and we were
 hrowing out our lines to the wharf at
 Toronto.
 We had scarcely reached the shore when
 our steamer was boarded by the Rev. Dr.
 Willis, President of the Toronto Anti-Slaveiy
 Society, accompanied by Mr. Hamilton, Mr.
 Brown, and Mr. Henning, the Secretary.—
 We were very cordially received by these
 gentlemen, and escorted to the North
 American Hotel”—a hotel conducted in real
 British style.
 Toronto preserves surprisingly its distinctive
 character. Though within three or four hours
 of the States, and in daily communication, it
 is, in its general appearance and in the man
 ners of its inhabitants, a British town. We
 had not been in Toronto but a few hours, be
 fore we were invited to breakfast in several
 directions. This is a custom almost unknown
 in the United States, but quite common in
 England and Scotland. On the evening of
 our arrival, wc attended the Committee of the
 A. S. Society, the Rev. Dr. Willis in the
 chair. During the evening, a very enga
 ging discussion took place respecting the
 different anti-slavery organizations of this
 country, and the occasion was rendered there
 by somewhat exciting as well as interesting.
 It was evident that some of the members of
 the Committee (pethaps ail of them) had
 had their minds abused by misrepresentations
 of the character and opinions of William L
 Garrison. The spirits of detraction from one
 of the noblest advocates of emancipation has
 not been confined to our own shores, and the
 American Anti-Slavery Society, with its be
 neficent desigi} and catholic platform, had
 shared in the fate of its leader. The old
 charges of ulterior objects,” sifting in
 extraneous topics,” “infidelity,” “socialism,”
 and what not, were here to be met upon the
 threshhold.
 To thia work, Messrs. May and Thompson
 earnestly applied themselves—vindicated the
 American Society from responsibility for the
 opinions of its individual membets on subjects
 aside from slavery. Mr. Thompson showed
 himself to be a true friend of the absent, by
 nobly standing up for Mr. Garrison. The
 conversation was brisk on both sides, and at
 times warm, yet good tempered. Rev. Dr.
 Willis displayed much magnanimity and
 catholicity of sentiment. He would work,
 he said, for the overthrow of slavery with
 anybody, so long as he was not required
 thereby to endorse opinions which he consid
 ered false and injurious.
 It seems that the Committee had been in
 communication with the American and Foreign
 Anti-Slavery Society, and they had been
 advised by the Secretary to subscribe for the
 National Era,” as the best anti-slavery
 paper. Nothing, it seems, had been said of
 the National Anti-Slavery Standard,” the
 Liberator,” the Pennsylvania Freeman,”
 the “Anti-Slavery Bugle,” a .d the “Liberty
 Party Paper,” and we found the commiiteein
 need of much light as to the leading instru
 mentalities in the United States.
 Mr. May gave a history of the separation
 of the American Anti-Slavery Society in
 1840, which was listened to with attention by
 the Committee, and doubtless he did much to
 remove the unfavorable impressions enter
 tained by the members of the Committee
 towards that Society.
 The meeting of the Committee was closed
 by prayer, as is usual in meetings for philan
 thropic purposes among the British people.—
 The voice of earnest prayer for the freedom
 of the enslaved, is ever grateful to the feel
 ings of the true abolitionist.
 On Tuesday evening, a crowded assembly
 met in St. Lawrence Hail, (a splendid build
 ing,) to listen to an address by George Thomp
 son. 1 was curious to know bow the eloqaent
 man would sustain himself before an audience
 so different, and whose relations to slavery
 are so diverse to those of the people of the
 United States, to whom he bad so recently
 addressed his thoughts on this great subject.
 The result was mote than gratifying. With
 an aptitude almost marvellous, he readily
 adapted himself to his hearers, and delivered
 a speech which seemed to thrill every heait in
 the vast auditory. He enchained hia audience
 for more than two hours and a half. If I had
 not so often said of his last speech, that it
 surpassed all its predecessors, I should tay of
 this, that in beauty of diction, compactness of
 logic, analytical acuteness, splendor of rhe
 toric, depth of pathos, and in burning rebuke,
 it far transcended his best efforts in Corinthian
 Hall. I have heard Mr. Thompson often—
 even day after day for weeks together—and
 can say that 1 have never heard eloquence so
 varied aa hia. The fertility of his imagina
 tion, and his command of language, seem il
 limitable. Great powers devoted to a great
 and glorious ciuse and I thanked God, while
 he spoke, that the anguish-stricken bondman
 had auch an advocafe.
 On Wednesday evening, a meeting was
 called especially for the colored people of To
 ronto, who were to be addressed by Messra.
 May, Thompson sod myself. In oooaequeoce
of imperfect notice, and some offence received
 st its form, there were very few preaent of the
 class for whom the meeting was primarily
 intended yet the occasion was in many re
 spects a serviceable one. Mr. May addressed
 tbe meeting at considerable length, and gave
 many valuable hints to our people sa to how
 they might improve their condition, and pro
 mote their well-being. Mr. Thompson and I
 followed him, on topics suggested by his
 speech and st s late hour the meeting ter
 minated, with many expressions of satisfac
 tion. The object of Mr. May’s mission to
 Canana at this time, is to obtain information
 respecting the present condition and future
 prospects of the fugitives who have been
 driven, by the inhuman legislation of thia Re
 public, for freedom aud safety, into Canada.—
 Hundreds of these unfortunate and terroi
 atricken people have been thrown, by barba
 rous Republicans penniless, upon the charity
 of the generous subjects of a monarchy.
 On Thursday evening, a meeting was con
 vened in St. Lawrence Hall for me, which
 was well attended. The object of my address
 was to make my Canadian friends acquainted
 with the appalling facts of slavety, and to
 show them how they might bring their moral
 and religious influence to bear upon the great
 iniquity.
 A licit: IB rn vaitoua, am tax xxiigrantl, a gv*.
 eral anti-slavery sentiment; but there is also
 (as I think) a too sedulous regard among them
 for the feelings of Americans. They think
 it in good taste to let the Americans manage
 the question for themselves without the aid ol
 what they term the injudicious interference ol
 foreignets. It is a little surprising that this
 feeling should prevail among a people who
 deem it meritorious for men to go as mission
 aries to China, to Hindostan, to the Feegee
 Islands, and to the ends of the earth for the
 avowed purpose of turning men to righteous
 ness.
 Why should America, with her three mill
 ions of chained, scourged and benighted
 victims, be regarded as an exception! 1
 pronounce this nation a barbarous nation, and
 one in far greater need of the gospel .of lib
 erty, than any other nation on the globe and,
 (if for no other reason.) because no nation on
 the globe is more really adverse to the spirit
 of that gospel.
 On Friday morning, I bade adieu to tbe
 hospitable shores of Canada, leaving mes
 sieurs Thompson, May and G. W. Putnam
 in Toronto further to prosecute their mis
 sion. (The latter gentlemen had joined us
 on the previous day.)
 I take great pleasure in expiessing my
 gratitude to the members of the Toronto an
 ti-Slavery Committee, and also to the Mes
 sieurs Carey, to whom I am indebted for
 many offices of kindness during my stay and
 likewise, for their efforts to exteud the circu
 lation of the North Star.”
 On Friday evening, I again lectured in
 Lockport, at the Lutheran Church, on the
 fugitive slave law.
 I had intended to give a somewhat length
 ened account of the A. S. Convention and of
 the subsequent meetings held in that town
 but other pens have called attention to this
 subject, and have removed all necessity for
 my doing so. 1 will however, say that my
 visit to Lockport brought me in contact with
 many, whose friendship for me, and whose
 devotion to the cause, did much to cheer ray
 spirit, at this trying crisis.—f. d.
Letter from Calvin Fairbank.
 Boliver, N. Y., March 31st, 1851.
 Dear Douglass:—l can well exclaim,
 O fora lodge in some vast wilderness!
 Some boundless contiguity of shade!
 My ear is pained, my soul is sick with
 Every day’s report of wroug and outrage.”
 Standing as 1 do, between New England
 and Ohio, though I see a mighty odds be
 tween the two, yet there is much of every
 day that must give pain to every Christian
 heait, and cause it, sickened, to turn away
 from such republicanism, such somerset re
 ligion as ours.
 I hear of a fugitive taken here and there,
 on all sides of me and I hear people say,
 “O, well I s’pose its all right, or it would
 pot be allowed.” What cold consolation to
 the slave, that! Fugitives from all parts of
 the country are selling out, and going to
 Canada. Going to Canada God bles9 that
 lion! May Hferneck grow thick with mane
 for the slave to settle in, for he found no
 rest in the eagle’s nest. So he nestles in the
 mane of the lion.
 At the Smith Settlement on the Oswego,
 commonly known as Oswego, there is quite
 a number of families living in a respectable
 manner—clearing up* farms, and living as
 other industrious people live. There was
 not, and there is not at this lime, any danger
 to any ot them, for I think, that if a miscre
 ant should come on such an errand, the wax
 in his eats would get one warming before he
 left.
 Bui then people felt unsafe. Honest,
 Christian men who, when they worship “un
 der their own vine and fig tree with none to
 molest or make them afraid,” are obliged to
 be armed with knives and pistols, were afraid,
 and have sold out their right to the soil in
 the United States, and are now on their way
 to Canada.
 On Friday last, I was noticing a good
 looking waggon coming with one man rather
 dark. It waa a new thing in this place for a
 white gentlemen to welcome people of color
 to his table. I met them aa they stopped,
 and learned that they were on their way to
 visit their friends on the Oswego.
 They were Mi. Hough and a part of hia
 family. I invited (hem in. They accepted
 the invitation. Dinner waa prepared, and
 we partook. Several of the neighbors sent
 over to know if these people were fleeing
 from slavery. Mr. H. is a comfortable far
 mer, just as too many colored people are not.
 They went to take their last visit with those
 unfortunate fugitives, who, after clearing off
 little farms, and establish log themselves other*
 wise comfortably, must leave all but a mere
 pittance, and go in search of new homes in
 the North. They are gone, the fugitive act
 cannot reach them there. I love the land
 that protects them. They are gone from thia
 free country.
 See the honest, the free, sad brave,
 'l’he denizen of the soil:
 He wrought, and knew no slave,
 Inured to constant toil.
 He swept away tbe tree,
 By the steady manlike stroke,
 He labored, and was free;
 And then the chimney’s amoks
 Marked where the cottage stood,
 While the fcithfid has bead’s arm
Wrang music from the'wood,
 The wife—wm* there no charm*
 She watched the returning morn
 With more than a watchman's Mai;
 The wheat and the blade of corn.
 She grew for tbe winter's meal:
 The corn's last ear wms banging.
 And the ebony darling saw.
 While the ebony lather was singing,
 These words, “so hiohkr law!"
 Hsrtchel all was still and fearful!
 The night was wet and drear—
 The mother's eye was tearful,
 But the fai tier's arm was near.
 Rouse up, ye men, and hast ye'
 For the bloodhound’s on tour track,
 Lest the eagle’s talton waste ye,
 And the Christian send us back.
 They’re gooe! the fields are lonely,
 The Marshal calls the swain,
 They left not houses only—
 They nestle in the lion's mane.
 Yours in behalf of the slave,
 CALVIN FAIRBANK.
Letter from Mr. Thompson.
 We copy the following letter from the
 Liberator
 Lockport, N. Y., March 26th, 1851.
 Mv Dbar Garrison :—Would that 1 had
 time to do justice to my feelings and convic
 tions while I write you in reference to my
 late meeting at Rochester The bell is ring
 irv*a tko fival nAsftitn I* llm pAnoor.tinn Karo,
 and I must leave the solitude of my chamber
 for the business of the anti-slavery meeting
 and yet I cannot let anothei post gj out,
 without bearing to you a memorial, however
 imperfect.
 I bade adieu to the city of Rochester on
 Monday evening, accompanied by Mr. Hallo
 well, one of the truest of the true among the
 abolitionists. I slept at Buffalo, and yester
 day came here spending, on the way, one
 hour at the Falls. No more of the Falls. I
 felt them. Their image is before me. Their
 solemn anthem is ringing in my ears. I can
 never forget them.
 I spoke seven times in Rochester; four of
 my addtesses were on Slavery, two were on
 India, and one on British Reform. My last
 was on Sunday evening, when Corinthian
 Hall was crowded to its utmost capacity by
 one of the most intelligent audiences I have
 ever addressed. The North Star of this
 week will contain some report of my speech,
 though I need not tell you that my notes do
 not, when printed, give a full representation
 of my speeches, i am much more indebted
 to the inspiration of the moment for anything
 that moves my heart rs, that to prepared
 notes, or subsequent preparation for the press.
 I have reason to speak well of Rochester
 The citizens have nobly rebuked the papers
 which sought to mislead and petvert the pub
 lic sentiment; or, worse, to create disturbance,
 riot and violence. Publicly, they have acted
 towards a stranger and a foreigner with a
 courtesy and a magnanimity worthy of any
 city in the world. I estimate the treatment
 1 have received in Rochester the more highly,
 because it has been at the hands of persona
 who did not belong to the ranks of the aboli
 tionists. I asked to be heard, and I was
 heard. In no town or city of England was I
 ever listened to with more attention. It was
 mv desire to be heard by audiences comprised
 of politicians and religionists of varying hues
 and sections. My desire was gratified to the
 uinoost. I sought the opportunity of saying
 freely all I felt, thought, feared, hoped, de
 sired and puiposed, on ihequuslion of Ameri
 can Slavery. 1 enjoyed that opportunity to
 the extent of my lime and strength. I did
 not expect to be heard approvingly—suit less
 to be cheered by overwhelming plaudits—
 and, least of all, to be surrounded by hun
 dreds at the close of my lectures, anxious to
 grasp my hand, and to utter the fervent God
 bless you in my ear. Yet such has been
 the case, as thousands in Rochester would
 testify. In private, the hospitality of the
 city litas been extended to me without mea
 sure. Night after night, parties of fitly, sixty
 and seventy have met me, each one emulat
 ing the rest in showing me tokens of confi
 dence and affection. What can 1 say to each
 arid all of these friends, but, ‘God bless you 7
 O, I will believe in the triumph of the anti
 slavery cause, while one who like me shuns
 not to declare the whole counsel of God, is
 thus cherished by the citizens of America f
 Will politicians and clergymen henceforth
 have no faith in the truth Will they see
 its triumphs, when preached by a reviled and
 hated Englishman, and still remain unbeliev
 ing God forbid!
 But I am called away, and can add no
 more at present.
 God bless you, also, my beloved brother!
 I have met with many who know you not,
 and therefore feel coldly towardsyou. What
 you would have done by your radiant pre
 sence, I have, with a brothers heart, humbly
 tried to do, and notin vain. Continue to be
 lieve me, as when I gave you my pledge in
 1833, Your steadfast friend,
 GEO. THOMPSON.
O 3 The Free Negro Law passed by the
 Delaware Legislature, makes any free negro
 or mulatto coming into that State from an*
 other, subject to a fine of $5O; and in case
 of non-payment and failure of security to
 leave in five days, he or she is to be sold out
 of the Stale, for such amount as will cover
 the fine and costs. These penalties also stand
 against any free colored person who has left
 the State for sixty days, and should return
 again, except they left as servants or seamen,
 or are traders from Maryland. Those in the
 latter classes are allowed to come into the
 State as usual. There is a fine of $2O also
 against assembling at any political meeting
 or treat, and $lO at any out door me King
 or camp, except with white people. There
 is a penalty also of $2OO against any com
 mander of a steamboat, for knowingly bring
 ing into the State any free negro or mulatio,
 to attend a camp or other meeting.— Phil.
 Ledger.
W. L. Chaplin.—This distinguished man
 passed through Syracuse last week to the
 western counties. He talks of visiting Ohio
 to meet the friends of freedom thete.
 Some anxiety is felt for his safety—no dan
 ger at all. He is not a fugitive—he is a man
 on bail. Our Governor can’t give him up f
 demanded without a gross usurpation of
 power—nor does he intend to give him up if
 demanded.
 If the Governor of Maryland demand him,
 it will not be because he has confidence in his
 right to do so—but fiom fear of the slave
 holders of the smaller sort who control the
 politics of Maryland, just as the rum poli
 ticians control the politics of New York.
 He would be as safe in Ohio as in New
 York.— L. P. Paper.
Georg* Thompson, Esq. —With the single
 exception of the Rev. Hugh M’Neill, of Liv
 erpool, George Thompson is the most finished
 declaimer we ever listened to. True it is,
 that since we last saw him in England, which
 ia many years ago, time’s hand has been laid
 upon him with no gentle pressure his physi
 cal energy has suffered considerable abate
 ment—and there is an indistinctneaa in his
 articulation which mars the effect of his origi
 nally powerful and melodtou* voice. All thia
 admitted, however, we repeat that Thomp
 son, at the present moment, has no superior
 as a popular orator. The style of his elocu
 tion is faultless, and his gesture graceful, sub
 dued, and expressive.— Toronto Patriot.
Ma. Thompson’s Lkcturc. —The Lutheran
 Church was crowded to oveifiowing Sunday
 evening—every vacant place in the gallery,
 aisles &amp;c., being filled before the time for tbe
 lecture to commence, and large numbers were
 obliged to leave, not being able to find a
 place in the church to ait or stand. He spoke
 not leas than two hours on the subject of the
 moral and religious bearing of Am?L«aa alto
 »«y.— Niagara Courier,
"
