"Another Anti-Slavery Meeting
 Last Night
 The third of the series of Anti-Slavery
 meetings was held last evening in the St.
 Lawrence Hall; Rev. Dr. Willis in the
 chair.
 In his prefatory remarks, the Chairman, or
 the part of the Toronto Society, disclaimed
 all animosity towaids the United States, in
 the efforts which are now being made to
 strengthen the cause of the abolitionists in
 that couniiy.
 Mr. F. Douglass commenced his address
 by a forcible description of the Anti-Slavery
 question in the Ameiican Union. In the first
 instance he touched upon the various circum
 stances and causes, legal and social, which
 impart strength to the pro-slavery interest,
 grappling with the allegation that the North
 ern states are not responsible for the per-
 Stuation of this peculiar Southern institution.
 e maintained that it is not a local or state
 institution, but a national one; for while the
 free States are pievented from interfering
 with it, with a view to its abolition, they are,
 under the present constitution of the country,
 solemnly hound to render theit civil and mili
 tary power to keep the slaves in subjection to
 their masters. He traced the character of
 slaveiy, the boisterous passions to which it
 gives rise —the constant struggle between
 master and slave—the cruelty and tyranny
 which it begets on one hand, and the silent
 resistance and mental and spititual darkness
 which it necessitates on the other. Cruelty,
 he maintained, is indispensable to the pro
 longation of the relational pof master and
 slave; and cases or ,uai ■_
 murder-*-were cited to sustain the assertion.
 Those, then, who vindicate slavery as a Bible
 institution, ought to be prepared to show that
 the Bible sanctions the perpetual use of whij s
 and whipping posts, ol gags and branding
 irons of bowie-knives and blood-hounds, as
 means of keeping millions in bondage. The
 ministers of the South bring all the influence
 and organization of this mis called Chris
 tianity to prop the system they preach, and
 kidnap men—give thanks, and rob Cod s.
 own afflicted poor—talk of Christian liberty
 and then boll hard the captive s door. So
 comp'etply is this carried out, that revivals
 of religion, and revivals of the slave trade go
 hand-in-hand together. That slave-holders
 and the clergymen by whom they are sup
 ported are not honest in thier opinions, may
 be in lei red from the fact that they will not
 tolerate argument, and from the precautions
 which their unquiet consciences lead them to
 take for their bodily safety. To avoid the
 misapprehension which some expressions used
 last night (and reported in yesteiday’s Patriot)
 were calculated to produce, he aveired that
 he is really a friend of the slave-holders, who
 may be considered more unhappy than their
 slaves. He yet repeated that the slave-holder
 who ventures to hunt down a slave, would
 receive nothing but what he richly deserved
 if he should meet his death at the hands of
 the man whose liberty he attempts to take
 away. The speaker* then portrayed the ex
 tent to which both the great political parties
 of the Union—Whigs and Democrats—are
 subject to the institution of slavery express
 ing a conviction that the political parties were
 never more completely under this influence.
 To the question, why slavery exists in the
 South I he answered, because it is reputable
 why reputsb'e 1 Because slave-holders are
 reputable, and they are so, simply because
 they are Church members, lor on that account
 alone are they everywhere considered. Ha
 therefore called on the people of Canac to
 use their moral influence to make the Ameri
 cans feel that we in Canada regard slavery as
 a high-handed, foul, damning crime against
 man and God. Admitting that as a general
 rule it is unwise and unseemly for the citizens
 of one country to parade their grievances
 before the people of another, he nevertheless
 contended that inasmuch as the church, the
 press, and the political parties of America are
 identified with slavery, it is politic and propei
 to bring the moral power of the world to bea;
 upon this wrong, with a view to its destruc
 tion. Herein, then, lay ihe justification ofi
 his visit to Toronto, and of the agitation in
 which he and his co-abolitionists are engaged
 He then entered into an exposition of the
 fugitive slave law, its unconstitutionally, its
 inhumanity, and the startling anomalies that
 are manifest in its procsedure and closed
 with a highly flattering tribute to the oratory
 and services of Mr. Thompson.
 The address occupied nearly two hours and
 a half in Us delivery, and was concluded
 amidsi loud and prolonged applause.
 Mr. George Thompson said a few words,
 jocular, pathetic, and practical. The “practi
 cal” portion being confined to an appeal on
 behalf of the North Star, an abolitionist jour
 nal, edited and published by F. Douglass at
 Rochester.
 The meeting soon aftetwatds separated.—
 Toronto Painet.
Rev. Dr. Pennington nn Exile from
 liis Native Land.
 We learn from the Hartford (Conn.) Reli
 gious Herald, an able and influential organ of
 the Congregational Church, that the reason ol
 the protracted absence of this eloquent and
 distinguished clergymen in Europe, is that he
 fears that, should he return, he would be
 seized and carried into slavery, under the op
 eration of the fugitive slave law. Says the
 Herald Penn Freeman.
 He has written to a legal gentleman in
 th city to know whether it will be safe for
 him to leiurn. He is a fugitive slave, having
 escaped from Maryland some twenty years,
 and fears, that if he resumes his ministerial
 labors in New York, he will be seized, parted
 lrom his wife—an estimable woman whom he
 mimed in this ciiy—dragged from bis church,
 and sent to a southern plantation. We had
 supposed that he had purchased himself, and
 was tn possession of free papers, but it ap
 pears that we were mistaken.
 “Think of this, professors of the religion
 of Jesus Christ —members of the Church,
 which he purchased with his blood! Your
 biother Christian, a minister of the blessed
 Savior, is driven from his pastoral labors, and
 forced to shelter himself in a foreign land,
 last under the operation of our laws, which
 both the political parties are pledging them
 telves to maintain, he should be doomed to a
 life of slavery What must the Savior think
 of a law, or of an article in the Constitution
 as generally interpreted, which delivers up
 one of his ministers as a ptey to the op
 pressor Would the iniquity be gieater it
 for Rev. Dr. Pennington we should substitute
 Rev. Dr. S,mng of the same city? Not at
 ail. Yet what an exclamation of honor would
 go forth, if Dr. Spring should be forced to flee
 the country lor no crime, but merely because
 the la# allowed the editor of the N. Y. Ob
 server to claim and hold him as property.
 We read of the barbaious customs of former
 ages, and thank God that we do not live in
 such limes of darkness, while there are deeds
 transacted under our eyes which are worthy
 of the darkest days of Rome, pagan or papal.
 We receive persecuted Christians from Ma
 deira, and send our own refugees to Canada
 and Great Britain We put it to the con
 science of every Christian. Do you believe it
 would be tight to drag Dr. Pennington back
 to slavery 1 Could all the sophistry of youi
 political papers, or of the N. Y. Observer, or
 ol such divines as Drs. Spencer, Lord, Spring,
 Adams, and Wheaton, satisfy your conscience
 on that point, or make you aid in the deed
 But if it would be wrong for you, is it not
 wrong for any one else f ll it would be an
 outrage to use Dr. Pennington thus, is it not
 equally an outrage to treat any man in the
 same way Is not the whole Fugitive law
 wrong then* If so, will you, for any con
 ndera'.ion, give it your support* We trust
 not. A law that would send our brother
 Pennington into slavery never proceeded from
 God, and comes clothed with no divine au
 thority. Will our readers remember this
 when they go to the ballot box, and will they
 be careful to elect only those who are pre
 pared so repeal such an iniquitous act
 The New York Independent adds to ike
 above«
Dr. Pennington is at present connected
 with the Thiid Presbytery of this city. If he
 has read the sermons of some of his co-Pres
 bytert and brother Doctors and the Union
 safety letters of his former pastor* and takes
 these as the exponent of Christian sen
 timent with regard to the fugitive law, we
 do not wonder that he is afraid to return to
 hie church, or to pul himself within reach ol
 his titled ecclesiastical associates.”
 *Dr. Cox, wlk&gt; at the Edmonson meeting in the
 Tabernacle pronounced an eloquent eulogium upon
 Dr. P.’s native talents, scholarly attainments, pro
 lessional standing, and moral excellence, pointing
 to them as proofs demonstrative of the inherent
 equality of the African race with the whites and of
 the nioustrocity of holding them in slavery.
[From the Spy.]
 The Seal of Government.
 Mr. Editor—l am one of those quiet and
 contented individuals that do not trouble
 themselves mucH%bout new projects, unless
 1 am satisfied beyond all doubt, that the
 proposed change is really a good and neces
 sary one Consequently, 1 have never, up to
 the present lime, taken a deep and absorbing
 interest in the removal of the seat of govern
 iment from Boston. I have often answered
 the zealous advocates of a change from Boston
 to Worcester, or some other interior town,
 with the old adage, “let well alone.”
 But I have passed over to the other side
 of the line now. Boston is not what it used
 to be. A foul and pestilential atmosphere
 has settled down upon the tri-meuntain city.
 The breezes which have blown for eo many
 tbsi* Ht'iii laws i|»lv l.flfvi v Ivw^
 with the air of freedom, but are tainted with
 the miasma of slavery. She too has bent the
 knee to the lords of cotton. Degenerate sons
 bear the names that history, and revolution,
 and liberty have immortalized. Her princely
 merchants of the last century, that were
 ready to sacrifice their last drop of blood, and
 their last faithing, for the sublime purpose of
 resisting oppression and wrong, are to-day a
 band of servile slave-catchers, ready to obey
 the first nod of their southern masters. And
 they have finally published their infamuus
 treason to the great principles of freedom and
 the rights of man, by one public act that over
 shadows ail others, and heralds to the world
 their incomparable infamy. The Municipal
 officers of Boston have refused to open
 Faneuil Hall for the free dLcussion of the
 Fugitive Slave Bill 1 shall not blame any
 man for his incredulity, that indignantly pro
 nounces the statement an impossibility—a
 malicious lie. I own that I did not belive it
 when 1 first read the news in the public
 journals, and it was only after I had seen ac
 cumulated evidence of the fact, that 1 reluc
 'intly admitted its truth. Freedom throttled
 at the very threshold ot her holiest sanctuary!
 The right of free discussion strangled upon a
 spot more memorable than the Tennis-court
 of Versailles, where the undaunted French
 Deputies assembled in 1789, after the doors
 of their hall had been closed against them by
 royal authority, and swore never to separate
 till they had given a Constitution to France;
 —a spot more celebrated than the Tellsplatto
 in Switzerland, where the heroic Tell landed,
 and ahoved the tyrant Gessler off into the
 raging lake; —more renowned than the
 heights of Rutti, where the Swiss con
 federates swore to deliver their country;—
 second in the hearts ot every true lover of
 freedom, not even to the consecrated edifice,
 from which the Declaration of American In
 dependence was promulgated to the world
 Faneui) Hall closed against what? Not
 against any set of men who may wish to dis
 cuss the tarff, and inquire whether iron and
 broadcloth, silk and wines shall pay a higher
 or a lower duty. Not against any who
 propose another United Stales Bank, ot who
 oppose such a measure. Not against any
 who are the advocates of a railroad to Halifax
 or San Francisco or another line of steam
 ers or a shorter cut by water to China. Not
 against the toadies of any leading politician,
 who may wish to assemble within the holy
 edifice to feast, make speeches, and get drunk
 for his honor and their own gratification. Not
 even against those who sustain the Fugitive
 Slave Bill. But simply against the people
 ot Massachusetts who claim the right of
 peaceably assembling there, to discuss, and
 take measures to repeal the most infamous j
 law that has disgraced the Statute Books of
 the Federal Government, since the formation ol
 the Constitution.
 How the Nicholases, and Hapsburgs, and
 Bourbons the Haynaus, and Metterniches,
 and Hadetzkeys, and the whole spawn of
 tyrants, big and little, upon the other side of
 the water, will chuckle with delight, and
 hug the comfort and consolation to their
 breasts, as they read in the public journals,
 that the authorities of Boston have sealed up
 the doors of their temple of liberty, against
 the right of the people to discuss any law, I
 and especially the very one that most of them j
 would never dare to incur the odium of en
 acting and promulgating
 The atmosphere of Boston has become too
 foul for wholesome and salutary legislation.
 1 am persuaded that those who have become
 so callous to all decency, as to defend an act
 of legislation so immural and outrageous as
 the Fugi ive Slave Bill, and shut up Faneuil
 Hall against free speech, would npt hesitate
 to cajole and bribe those who are set to frame
 laws, and cairy out the wishes of a majority
 of the people. We are no longer safe with
 such a den of iniquity for our Seat of Govern-,
 ment. It is time to be up and moving in this
 mailer, before our code of laws bears evidence
 of the coiruftion in the midst of winch our
 legislators exercised their functions. Circulate
 the petitions fora change—l care not to what
 spot, that is removed from the baneful in
 fluences of commerce, and every honest citi
 zen in the interior, will speedily comprehend
 its necessity, and second the effort.
 FRANKLIN.
Kidnapping Children.— The Pennsylvania
 Freeman copies from a private letter to a
 gentlemen in Philadelphia the following state
 ment of the manner in which the Baltimore
 Shambles are supplied with young human
 flesh
 1 hoard nearly opposite one of those dens
 so common in the South, a negro-market
 the proprietor has a very fine house, in the
 tear is a large building about 100 feel long,
 every window strongly barred with iron, with
 a strong brick wall about 25 feet high the
 scenes hete are enough to melt a heart of
 stone. But this is not the worst part of the
 picture. There is about 25 or more young
 men.er rowdies I ought to say, who make a
 practice of enticing away from Philadelphia,
 poor neglected colored children, and bring
 them to this market; and, from outward ap
 pearances here, they take into Slavery more
 every year than all the Anti-Slavery Socie
 ties take from it. Oh, that I had more
 strength, 1 would gladly spend it to save these
 little negroes. Will not the friends of hu
 manity do something for this class in Phila
 delphia* Canuot some one Blart in this
 matter 1”
A Letter from Shadrach.—We give be
 low a copy ol a well-written letter from Shad
 rach to a friend in this city- We have been
 requested to state that the rumors in regaid
 to the probability of hia return to this city,
 are without any foundation m truth.— Com
 mon wealth.
 “Montreal, Feb. 28th, 1851.
 Dear Sir:—l feel it my duty to forward
 you the account of my arrival in this city.
 reached here last Friday evening, a journey ol
 four days. The weather was very severe
 during the time, and we had to cross the ice
 twice; once the distance was nine miles. My
 heath ts not so good as when 1 left, but I hope
 a few days wilt restore me. lam at a loss
 for words to express the gratitude I feel to
 (hose kind and deat friends in Boston, and
 believe me I shall always consider it my duty
 to pray for their health and happiness.
 Please to remember me kindly here, —and io
 the ladies. And in conclusion, permit me
 to subscribe myself, Your greatful servant.
 Frsohick Minkins.
Convention at Chicago.
 At the Christian Anti-slavery Convention
 held at Cincinnati, May, 1850, the under
 signed were appointed a Committee to hold
 under consideiauon the general subject of
 Christian action against slavery, and other
 palpable wrongs tolerated in and by the
 Church, and were empowered to call another
 Convention at such time and place as shall be
 deemed proper. Since the time ot our meet
 ing in Cincinnati, we have watched with
 great interest the influence which the pro
 ceedings of that assembly have been exerting
 upon the public mind, and we feel great plea
 sure in being able to state, as the opinion of
 the Committee that the hopes of the friends
 of that Convention have been more than real
 ized, in the salutary and wide spread impres
 sions which have been made. From that
 mee inp and various other movements which
 have followed as its consequences, truth has
 gone forth to reach and arouse thousands of
 minds and the result is, a preparation far and
 wide for a more extensive union of the friends
 of our cause, and for more important action.
 The new combination of parties, in which
 interests the most diverse are allied against
 freedom the melancholy subserviency of a
 large portion of the church to secular dicta
 tion the attempt in Church and State to
 strike down the great principle of Protestant
 ism—the r'ght of private judgment; the at
 tempt which the slave power is making to
 seize upon our territories, and even to subvert
 the constitution of California, efforts, which,
 if successful will exclude freedom and a free
 gospel from all these vast regions of our com
 mon epunirv these thinps constrain us to be
 lieve that the time nas couie lor renewed and
 more strenuous effort.
 We believe that a reform in the sentiments
 and policy of the Church is indispensable to
 the preservation even of the liberties of the
 country and that Protestantism itself is en
 dangered by its alliance with slavery, and its
 teachings in defence of its position teachings
 which allow the sanctions of the religion ol
 Jesus to manifest and acknowled wrong.
 Feeling that in and through Christ alone,
 any effort for Church reform can be success
 ful, hoping and praying that the guidance ol
 the Holy Spirit may be granted unto all who
 may engage in the work, we invi'e our lel
 low-Christians of all denominations to meet at
 Chicago, on the 3d day of July next, for the
 piyposeof carrying forwaid what has been
 so auspiciously begun, by deliberating upon
 the most suitable methods fur uniting and
 rendeiing effective the strength of all evangel
 ical Christians, who desire to dtvoice the
 Church from slavery, and who are willing to
 exclude from Christian fellowship all palpa
 ble sin, and trust the consequences to God.
 C. A. Boynton, E. H. Nevil,
 E. Goodman, John G. Fee,
 C. A. Benton, Geo. Whipple,
 W. H. Brisbane, Lewis Tappan,
 Samuel Lewis, J. Blanchard,
 Wiilum Goodell.
 Cincinnati, Feb. 14, 1821.
Webster at Annapolis.
 The telegraphic speech of Daniel Webster
 at Annapolis was bad enough, but the fuller
 report which comes by mail in the New York
 papers completes the treachery of the bribed
 Secretary. With a contemptible whine,
 characteristic of the hyj»ocrite, he spurns the
 State which warmed him into life—and for
 what? For throwing the shield of law be
 tween the personal liberty of the citizen and
 the avarice of the slaveholder—foi refusing to
 participate in a crime This is the very man
 who, as Senator, drew up a fugitive slave
 bill preserving the right of Trial by Jury
 We put his infamy on record by an extract
 from his speech as most fully reported.
 Gentlemen 1 concur in the sentiments
 expressed by you all—and I thank God they
 were expressed by you all—in the resolutions
 passed heie on the 10th of December. You
 say that the Constitution of the United Slates
 has accomplished all the objects, civil and po
 litical, which the most sanguine of its fra
 mers and fiiends anticipated and that the af
 fections of the people of Maryland are justly
 rivetted to its principles by the memory of the
 characters of the wise and good men who
 frmed it, as well as by the blessings they lib
 erally bestow throughout the world. That is
 'my sentiment. My heart is in it. [Ap
 plause.]
 I live and breathe, I walk and sleep—l had
 almost said, I pray to God daily in the verv
 sentiment of that relation. Now you go on to
 assert a sentiment equally just. You say that
 a proper appreciation of these blessings would
 lead every Slate in the Union to adopt all
 such measures as may from time to time be
 necessary to give complete and full effect to
 any provision of the Constitution, or the laws
 'pursuant thereto, intended for the protection
 of any part of this great common country.
 True; every word true. And allow me to
 say, that any State, North or South, which
 departs one iota from the sentiment of that
 1 resolution, is disloyal to the Union. [Great
 applause.]
 Further, so far as any act of that sort has
 been committed, such a Stale has no portion
 of my regard. Ido not sympathize with it.
 1 rebuke it wherever I speak and on all occa
 sions where it is proper for me toexpress my
 sentiments. If there are States—and lam
 afraid there are—which have sought by inge
 nious contrivances of State Legislators to
 thwart the fair exercise and fulfilment of the
 laws of Congress, passed to carry into effect
 the compacts of the Constitution that State,
 so far, is entitled to no regard from me.
 We have here placed in italics the most
 deliberate and shameful insult to the Free
 States, which was ever ventured by one of
 their too numerous recreants. It needs no
 comment. It is an insult founded on a lie,
 for the basest of purposes.— Commonwealth.
Report on Slavery.
 The Joint Special Committee of our Legis
 lature, on the subject of slavery, have made
 their report. It consists of thiileen sections,
 and is too long, perhaps, for you to print en
 tire yet the substance of it, and its bearing
 on the Fugitive Slave Law, should at least
 he given. 1 will say, then, that the first sec
 tion makes the law of this Slate passed in
 1843, called an Act further to protect Per
 sonal Liberty,” applicable to the Fugitive
 law of 1850. The second section forbids any
 officer, or other member of the volunteer mili
 tia of the State, to act at the call of any
 Marshal, or any Deputy or Special Marshal
 of the United Slates, in the arrest and detec
 tion of any person claimed as a slave, and the
 offender in this matter is made liable to the
 penalty provided for in the act of 1843. By
 section third, any corps of volunteer milita,
 acting at the call of a Marshal for the arrest
 ol an Alleged slave, is to be disbanded/ and
 any officer so acting is to be, upon conviction,
 degraded trom office. Section fouith makes
 it the duty of District Attorneys to act
 promptly and vigorously, within their dis
 tricts, for the defence and discharge of persons
 claimed as slaves. Section fifth forbids the
 lemoval from the State of any person not
 held to service or labor,” or who has not
 escaped from service or labor,” within the
 meaning of those words in the Constitution,
 under penalty of a fine not exceeding $5,-
 000, and imprisonment in the State Prison
 not more than ten years. Any peison in
 ured oi endangered by an arrest, contrary to
 the foregoing provisions may, by section
 sixth, maintain an action before any compe
 tent court. Section seventh establishes the
 presumption that every person in the State is
 free, and lays the burden of proof upon the
 claimant. Subsequent sections establish the
 right of habeas corpus, and trial by jury, and
 make the decision of such jury conclusive and
 final. There are other points, designed chiefly
 In guard and fortify those already named.
 Such is the reported Act in Addition to an
 Aet Further to Protect Personal Liberty.”
 It is to the honor of t Legislature that they
 have appointed s Committee capable of pro
 ducing such a (sport. Its progress through
 the two houses will be watched with eager
 interest by all partite.—JV. Y. Evangelist.
The Fugitive Slave Law and the
 Citizens of Lynn.
 i
 Lynn, Mass., April, 3.
 I A meeting was held yesterday afternoon in
 this place by the Loco-Focos of Essex County
 for the purpose of giving Hon. Robert Ran
 toul, Jr. an opportunity to define his position
 since his return from the U. S. Senate. He
 rpoke an hour and forty-five minutes, and he
 Bead the following resolutions as containing
 his views on the Slavery question. At the
 close of the meeting he was unanimously
 nominated as the Loco-Foco candidate for the
 representation of Essex County in Congress.
 The following are the resolutions read by
 the honorable gentleman, after having ad
 dressed the meeting:
 Resolved, That the Constitution of the
 United States has not conferred upon Con
 gress the pow er to enact any law authorizing
 officers of the United States to determine the
 slavery or freedom of persons found within
 the territory of any State, and to carry them
 out of the State wherein they are found to be
 held as slaves in another State.
 Resolved, That no person in any State of
 this Union can be lawfully deprived of his
 liberty, without due process of law, which
 process, in the case of an alleged fugitive from
 service, is a suit at common law, wherein the
 fact whether said fugitive was lawfully held
 to service in the Slate ftom which he is
 alleged to have escaped, shall be determined
 by a trial by Jury.
 Resolved, That such trial by Jury should
 precede the delivery into the hand of the parly i
 claiming him, of such alleged fugitive, and
 should be had in the vicinity where thealleged i
 fugitive is round.
 Resolved, That in the determination of the
 question of liberty, all presumptionof law and
 fact, are and ought to be in favor of liberty.
 Resolved, That the Fugitive Slave Law,
 enacted by the Congress late expiied, contra
 vening these principles is unjust, unconstitu- i
 lional and in derogation of the fundamental i
 maxims of the Government, and ought to be
 speedily and forever repaled. i
The Last Fugitive Cask in Boston.—
 Boston, April 4 —Thomas Simms, the
 fugitive arrested last evening, was brought
 before Commissioner George T. Curtis, this
 morning.
 Hon. Robert Rantoul appeared as one of
 the counsel for the fugitive. Mr. R. raised
 the constitutional point, and the case was
 postponed until to-morrow, at half past 10
 A, M.
 The slave, in the mean time, will be con
 fined in the Court House, which will be
 guarded with a strong foice. There is very
 little excitement about the matter.
 I learn that an application tor a writ ot
 habeas corpus in the case has been unanimous
 ly refused by a full bench of the Supieme
 Court.
 Shortly after the arrest of Simms last night,
 I 1 letcher Webster, Esq assaulted a watch
 man for pulling a bell in Kings’# Chapel, sup
 posing it to be a ruse to collect a mob.
 Mi. Webster was arrested and taken to 1
 jail. He was, however, soon after released
 by giving bonds in the sum of $2OO.
 At the examination of Simms this morn
 ing, sundry depositions from persons in Sa
 vannah, werejread, to prove the identity of the
 fugitive as the slave of James Potter, who
 claims him. It is said that Simms has a wife
 and children who are free in Savannah, and
 who were about to join him.
 Boston, sth.—Afier the crowd which had
 gathered in Court Square last evening had
 dispersed, four or five negroes, who had been
 lortering about the square throughout the dav
 and evening, continued to remain in the vicini
 ty till about 3 o’clock this morning. They
 demanded admission into the armory of the
 New England Guards in Franklin Avenue,
 where that corps were quartered for the
 night. I hey were told that there was nothing
 for them to see, and as they had no business
 there at that late hour, they bad better reiue.
 I fits the negroes refused and continued to
 annoy the company and cause ao much dis
 turbance that Capt. Bramlee, and Liut. Col.
 Boyd called the watch, who arrested and
 committed two of them. Upon their persons
 were found pistols, wiih powdei and ball and
 a large carving knife ground sharp on both
 edges, in an aitilicial hilt around the blade
 next the handle.
The American Fugitive Slaves —The
 scenes following eacli enforcement of the Fu
 gitive Slave Bill are as gall and wormwood to
 the people of the nothern States. The Bill
 mav yet prove the most effectual means of
 rousing Northern sentiment on the subject of
 Slavery. A coloted woman was arrested
 three weeks since in Philadelphia as a fugi
 tive slave, and examined before the United
 Slates Commissioner. She is the mother of
 six children, the youngest at the breast. It
 was admitted by the claimant that she had
 been absent for over one-and-twenty years.
 Her children were born in Pennsylvania, the
 eldest being about seventeen years of age. A
 writ of habeas corpus was issued in her be
 half, by which she was brought before Judue
 Kane of the United States Circuit Court.
 \fter a protracted examination of evidence,
 Judge Kane decided in favor of the woman,
 and she was discharged from custody. Her
 release occasioned much excitement among
 the colored population. She was taken, with
 her children, to the head-quartets of the
 colored people, the Philadelphia Institute,
 where speeches were made, huzzas indulged
 in, &amp;c. The horses were then taken out of
 the cariiage in which the poor woman and
 her children were placed, a long rope was
 attached to the carriage, which was taken
 hold of by as many of her colored friends as
 could crown on to it. She was thus dragged
 to her home, amid the shouts and songs and
 rejoicing of hundreds who surrounded the
 cortege. Her alleged “master” is, as many
 slaveholders are, an ostentatious professsur of
 religion. The Master said in his examination
 that he knew the prisoner by her general ap
 pearance, and was certain of the time she ran
 off, because “he was converted to religion the
 year before, and had placed the date in his
 Bible, into which precious book he looked
 perhaps a thousand times a year*” —British
 Banner.
True Courage.—Rev. Adam Crooks, a
 Wesleyan clergyman in North Carolina, has
 offended some of the plantation chivalry, by
 daring to question the divinity of slavery. In
 Montgomery county, a meeting of citizens
 passed a vote and sent a committee to him,
 requiring him to leave the State, which he
 refused to do, on the ground that he was sent
 to preach the Gospel, and numeiuus congre
 gations of people wished for his ministry. In
 a letter to the True Wesleyan, noticing the
 insolent demand, Mr. Ciooks says:
 “I am bold to declare that no true Ameri
 can or genuine Christian will either make or
 submit to such demands. The pen which
 recorded the surender would be quite as dark
 as the pages which chronicled the require
 ment. What would such procedure be but a
 re-establishment of inquisitorial councils* the
 rekindling the consuming fires of religious in
 tolerance* the annihilation of the Protestant
 reformation and all its glorious blessings, and
 the resurrection of all the bloody cruelties of
 the Papal persecution Would you have the
 ignominous tragedy of the reign of Henry the
 Eighth, Queen Mary and James the Second
 —the reign of terror reacted ou Ameriean
 soil*”— Penn. Freeman,
ITT Place a basin of cold water by the
 side of your bed. When you first awake in
 the morning, dip your hands in the basin and
 wet your brow—and sleep will not again seal
 you in its treacherous ernbiace. This is tbe
 advice given by an aged clergyman, who had
 been in the habit of tiring early during a long
 life.
Ujr* The sword worn by Napoleon at Mar
 engo has been bought by the Cxar for 50
 000 rubles, $32,000. The buyer already
 haa a collection of the relics of the great
 soldier.
The Canada Fugitive*.—An intereating
 Eiper has been published for some time in
 anada, entitled the Voice of the Fugitive, ed
 ited by Henry Bibb, who himself bears upon
 his person the marks of the brutality of sla
 very, and devoted to the improvement of the
 fugitives from slavery. A recent number
 corrects the exaggerated reports of the wants
 of thoae fugitives, which have been spread
 abroad, probably for the sake of frightening
 others from fleeing thither. They do not
 need aid for immediate relief of want; but
 they do need the means of helping themselves
 to a living. They need lands, the means of
 building houses, establishing schools, and sus
 taining the Gospel; and they have organised
 ft aociety for soliciting a fund for obtaining
 these objects. It is proposed to raise $40,-
 000, with which to purchase 20,000 acres of
 land, to be sold to the fugitives as they want
 it, who are to pay for the same in the pro
 ducts it will furnish. Such a plan would un
 doubtedly piomote thrift, industry and moral
 growth—the only safeguard against want.
 Those disposed to assist this effort at self-sup
 port will find Wm. Harned. 61 John street,
 ready to take charge of their contributions.—
 A r F. Evangelist.
The rystal Palace.— An interesting
 account of the operation of testing the gal
 leries of the Crystal Palace, in the presence
 of the Queen, Prince Albert, and a distin
 guished party, is given by the Illustrated
 London News. The first experiment was
 made by placing a dead load of 42,000 lbs.,
 consisting of 300 workman, the floor and ad
 joining approaches the second test was that
 of crowding the men together in the smallest
 possible space. In both no Affect was
 produced on the flooring. The third experi
 ment consisted in the same number of men
 walking first in regular step, and afterwards
 running over the floor, and was also saus
 (actoiy. When the fourth experiment was
 made, the same body of men, closely packed
 together, jumped up and down for some time.
 The greatest amount of deflection was found
 not to exceed a quarter of an inch at any in
 terval.— L. P. Paper.
Boston, 6ih.—The Court came in at 10
 o’clock. The room was crowded. Some
 excitement was shown, but there are no fears
 of the Abolitionists Committing any overt
 act. The proceedings this morning are con
 fined to the evidence, showing Simmons to be
 the properly of the claimant.
 The defence put in no testimony. Rantoul
 taking the ground that Unrlaw itself is uncon!
 stitutional.
 The court adjourned to meet at 12 o’clock
 on Monday, when the arguments will be put
 in.
 Mr. Powers, chief of the Police, noiified
 the Commissioner that Thomas Simmons,
 the alledged fugitive is a witness in a case to
 be tried at the next term of the Municipal
 court, and cannot therefore he taken from the
 state until after the trial of that case.
Were ihe eloquent utterance of great prin
 ciples and their embodiment in a consistent
 and pure life a sufficient passport to high po
 litical station, Charles Sumner would now be
 Senator of the United States. Whatever
 may be the result of the present struggle in
 Massachusetts, it cannot effect the teputation
 of the author of these Orations and Speeches.
 That will live and grow when mere political
 distinction shall have been forgotten. For,
 these productions have a permanent value.
 They exhibit the highest moral truth, in its
 broadest application, enforced in earnest tones
 by cogent argument, and illustrated by the
 rhetoric of an affluent scholarship. —National
 Era.
The Pennsylvania Fugitives— The
 freedom of the two fugitive slaves| ar
 rested at Brownsville, Pa., has been pur
 chased, one for $3OO, by the citizens of that
 town, and the other for s7ftO, which he paid
 himself.— N. Y. Evangelist.
Boston, April 2.—Sumner is again de
 feated. The 20ih ballot resulted in Sumner
 wanting 12 votes of an election. Fuither
 balloting was then postponed.— Democrat.
Slandering the Dead. —The New Yoik
 Express says that George Washington in
 1786, signed exactly such a law as the fugi
 tive slave bill of ISSO. No other paper has
 the news.
North Star Fair.”
 -The North Star Fair Association
 will hold their Annual Fair for the North
 Star newspaper during Anniversary week in
 May next.
 All who are desirous of sustaining that
 paper are respectfully solicited to contribute.
 The Association consider it an efficient Anti-
 Slavery agency—one which aims a death
 blow at the foul system of slavery and now
 is the time its power should be felt. Slavery
 i 9 oppressing us on every side, and we must
 be prepared for battle. Our weapon is
 Truth, and the North Star is well calculated
 to wield it. It can and will combat the
 enemy on every side, and therefore ought to
 be sustained. Then let u 3 sustain it. The
 ladies of this Association are determined to
 exert their Influence in it 3 behalf.
 Donations, either in money or goods, will
 be thankfully received, and may be forwarded
 to the Directress or Secretary.
 EMELINE BASTIEN,
 Directress, 6 Albany street.
 Fanny Tompkins, Sec., 180 Church st.
Receipts
 For the North Star, from the 3d to the 10th
 of April.
 J. Torrey 1,00
 James Dickey 1-00
 O. S. Chapin 2,00
 D. Hitsoa 1,00
 N. B. Foote 1,00
 D. R. Davis 1,00
 L. A. Spalding 2,00
 Sela Smith 2,00
 Isaac Johnson 2,00
 Peter P. Murphy 1,00
 Henry Collins (ft. J.) 100
 W. B. Simmons 1,00
 Zcbidee Brown 2,00
 Martin Lawrence 2,00
 Rev. John I'. Sargeant 2,00
 Greeley Haniford 2,00
 Mr. Kirby 1,00
 Re C. Avery st‘K)
 Harvey Kellam LOJJ
 E. Cook
 G. VV. Carey 1.00
 Mr. Wm. Grainger 2,00
 Hon. Henry J. Boulton I.™
 J. Harper 2,00
 Toronto A. S. Society 4,00
 J. Rose Esq 2
MARRIED:
On the Bth, by the Rev. Mr. Alden, JOHN
 RIDSDALE, of Oakland, and Miss KATE,
 daughter of Thomas Weddle Esq., of this city.
 S POPED THE NAUSEA!
 Buffalo, Sept. 26. 1850.
 Dr. W. B. Sloan: —Sir—About the first of
 August last, my hand began to swell very badly,
 ann caused ine very great suffering. The swelling
 daily increased and extended up my arm to the
 shoulder, and affected me so much as to render me
 incapable of retaining any food ia ray stomach. I
 liad the attendance of an esteemed physician, and
 evrey thing was tried that promised relief, until it
 seemed as though I could not survive another day.
 At this critical juncture, at the solicitation of a
 friend, your valuable ointment was applied to the
 arm ami hand, and also over the region of the stom
 ach. This immediately stopped tho nausea, and in
 25 or SO minutes the pain in my arm and hand was
 so far relieved that I fell into a quiet siting for
 the first time in about two weeks. ‘I he hand was
 was several times laid open with the lancet liefore
 your Ointsaent was applied, without any relief:
 nut from the time 1 began to use vour Ointment
 upon it the sore discharged fieely, and my hand aad
 arm were restored in an almost incredibly short
 time. My speedy relief fiom the wonderful sulfer
 inga which 1 experienced, induces me to send you
 this testimonial, that others similiarly afflicted may
 know the value of your Ointment in such cases.
 SR further particulars you are at liberty to re
 m aRS. MARY ANN MURRAY,
 lkertifyjthat the above statement is contgct.»
 JOHN MURRAY,
 v&lt;
'Ahoerttßtmcnlß.
ANTI-SLAVERY LECTURES.
 TEi 1 LECTURES, delivered by
 •ster, are now published in one pamphlet- it ia so’
 T.VSS ZTJ.” n, p‘ EjL Ki
 Sift. *L£S“- Pr
Colored Sailors’ Homo,
 330, Pearl Street, New York.
 FRIENDS ef tSe tl»ve, and arrangers oa a viait
 to New York, can now be accommodated with
 as good Board,and at as lowa price as in any other
 house in the city. The house is large and con
 venient; will hold comfortably seventy persona.
 Families can have private rooms, and every atten
 tion paid to their comfort WM; P. POWELL.
 May 11 ,1849.
T'HE HOPE GRAND UNION Danghtera of the
 f V\‘ e of Pennsylvania,located in the Citr of Phi
 laclelplua, would most respectfully announce to the
 Public, that they are prepared to (rant Charters,
 and organue Unions throughout the State t f Penn
 sylvania.
 Terms fo. Charter, $5,
 Applications for Charters must be mode to
 HANNAH MARIA BUNDY,Q.F.S No 68
 Pine Street;
 SARAH RICHARDS, G. S. No. 147 So.
 6th, Street.
The Mysterious Noises
 TN ROCHESTER and Western New York—A
 A History of these remarkable of ail
 the Strange Thenonena connected therewith, the
 Spiritual Comntinications Ac. Ac.,—price, single,
 12£cu —10 copies for $l. Orders by mail will be
 promptly altejded to.
 to sell the above work, al
 together with other new and valuable works u»
 whom a fair chance to make money will be given.
 A small capital ot from 1 15 to $26 requiree, and
 the agent will bo indemnified against loss.
 D. M. DEWEY,
 mar29—4t Arcade tiall, Rochester, N. Y
Palmer’s Artificial Leg,,
 entirely new, beautiful, and eminently ser
 vicable limb, which has received the highest
 awards and most hearty testimonials of all the
 principal scientific institutions and suigeons of
 hospitals in this country, in addition to those who
 have used the limb, as being in every respect supe
 rior to any limb ever before invented in Europe or
 Americans now manufactured in Hpnngfic'd, Mast.,
 by Messrs. Palmer, Currier Hudson.
 They uiarran entite satisfaction
 REFERENCES.
 Drs. Hamilton arid Sprague, of Buffalo.
 Dr. Gan son, Batavia.
 Drs. Webster acd Moore, Rochester.
 Dr. Potter, Gornam,’(wh» wears one.)
 Dr. Hough, Syracuse «ep 14&gt;8a
Free Labor Goods. t
 MANUFACTURED by the American Free Pro
 duce Association, and for sale at No. 31, North
 Fifth-street, Philadelphia:
 Manchester Ginghams; Checks, Apron and Fur
 niture; Canton Flannel, unbleached; Muslin,
 bleached and unbleached, of various qualities and
 width; thin Muslin for linings, brown and colored;
 Bird Eye Towels; black and white Wadding-
 Cotton Laps; Lamp Wick; Bed Ticking, an e*’-
 cellent article; Calico, Stockings, Knitting Cotton
 Ac. Sic.
 Orders for Goods, or letters desiring information,
 may be addressed to J. Miller McKim, 31, North
 F l l di-street; Daniel L. Miller, Tenth-street; or to
 James Mott, No. 35, Church Alley.
 A large and handsome assortment of Priuts now
 on hand. jul—tf
The Old Curosity Shop,
 .4/ No. 139 Buffalo Street Rochester.
 T LOYD SCOTT, grateful for the patronage
 -Liawarded him, would respectfully inform his
 riends and the public generally, that he has recently
 enlarged his establishment and augmented his stock
 of Men’s, Women’s, and Children’s. New and
 Second hand apparel. In addition to this depart
 ment he will buy and sell House and Store Furni
 ture, Books, Jewelry, Fancy articles, Mechanical
 and agricultural implements, and indeed all those
 various odds and ends” of which may not be
 readily obtained at other places. It is his intention
 to, keep Tlie Old Cuiosity atiop" well trirnlslied
 with an endless variety of articles for which he will
 pay lilierally and dispose of at satisfactoiy prices.
 Clothing repaired and renovated with neatness
 and despatch.
 Dont forget “The Old Curosity Shop.
 Rochester March 1849.
Glen-llaven Water-Cure!!
 THIS Cure, so celebrated faults purity and soft
 ness of water, the salubrity of its climate, splendid
 scenery, beautiful lake, quiet location, is now open
 for the sick, and is unsurpassed by any establishmen
 in the State.
 It Iras undergone thorough repair the past winter
 and will be conducted on the most scientific and
 skilful water-cure principles.
 Its Physician is James C. Jackson, M. D. His
 associates are Mrs. L. E. Jackson, Miss T. Gil-
 Irert and Giles E. Jackson, all of whom have had
 great experience in their profession.
 Every effort will lie given by the Doctor and his
 associates to make the Glen pleasant to their
 guests and to restore them to health No fee mil be
 charged for examination.
 Persons wishing advice relative to treatment can
 have it given them fret of charge, by addressing the
 Physician, or his associates, through the Post Of
 fice, and paying the postage.
 TERMS:—Five or six dollars per’week, (pay
 able weekly,) according to rooms, exclusive of
 washing or use of packing clothes. No extra prices
 charged unless so stated at time of entrance into
 the Cure.
 Our address is, Scott, Courtland Co., N. Y.
 JACKSON GILBERT.
Our Israelitish Origin,
 OR LECTURES on Ancient Israel,’’ by Prof
 W ilson, England—American from the third
 London ed.tion. I’bis work is designed to show
 chat the inhabitants of the United States of Amer
 ica, Eagland, and Moderan Nations of Europe, are
 the descendants of the ten lost tribes of Israel, or
 that tbe Anglo-Saxons are of Israelitish origin,
 (not Jewish,) the Anglo-Saxons were found where
 the ten tribes of Israel were lost. In this hook is
 published the objections raised by that late eminent
 divine, the Rev. Edward Bickerstith, of the Church
 of England, together with the author’s reply.
 Also, on the Prophecies, the Book of Inheritance,
 or witness of the Prophets, to the truth respecting
 Ephraim and the whole house of Israel, that we are
 now coine to the very time and place, and circum
 stances foretold of Israel’s discovery. This Book
 affords evidence that a key has been found to un
 lock tbe treasure* of the Old Testament Prophecy,
 respecting the people to whom the promises are
 made, and the promise,!l inheritance both on earth
 and in heaveu, and shows how fully God had pro
 vitied against ad possible objections to the literal
 fulfilment of wlmt he hath purposed repecting them.
 These works are free from sectarianism, and only
 require to be read to tie appreciated.
 ycy* To be had of JOHN DINGLE, 24 Andrew
 street, and ERA9TUS DARROW, corner Main
 and St. Paul streets.
 The Book Trade supplied on liberal terms.
DR. CHARLES MUNDE’S
 Water-Cure Establishments
 AT NORTHAMPTON, MASS.—Dr. MUN
 DE respectfully informs his friends and the
 public, that lie has become the owner of the late Dr.
 Haggles’ Water-CureEatablishnoent at Bensonville,
 2 j miles from the Northampton Railroad Depot, 7
 hours’ ride from New-York, about C from Boston,
 and 5 from Albany situated in one of the pleaaentest
 Tallies of New England, surrounded |with wood
 grown hills, with shady walks, and abundantly sup
 plied with the purest, softest and coldest granite
 water. The air is pure and healthy, and tbe dim
 ate inild and agreeable. Tbe new and spacious
 buildings ofler all the necessary conveniences for
 water-cure purposes, such as large plunge baths,
 douches and airy lodging rooms for about 50 pa
 tients, separate for eillier sex, a gymnasium, etc.
 The Doctor being the earliest now living disciple
 of Priessniu at Graefeuburgh, and having an ex
 perience of more than 16 years of his own, his writ
 ings on Water-cure being in the hands of ever}
 European hydropath, hopes to respond to any rea
 souable expectations from the water-eure-system,
 made on the part of those suflerertjwho may confide
 hemaelves to him.
 From the New York Tribune.
 Water-Cue*.— ln another page of this paper
 will be found the advertisement of Dr. Charles
 Musde’s establishment for Water-Cure, at North
 ampton, Mass. We, some months since, had the
 pleasure of welcoming the arrival in this country oi
 or. W. as a political refugee, from Dresden, iur:
 are now happy to chrouicle bis permanent settle
 ment within so short a ride of New York. H»
 European reputation as a medical writer aad prac
 titutionar of Hydropathy, as well as the targe eirclt
 of friends kis remarkable skill and general man
 oers have already gained bers.Jwitl doubtless crow*
 with patients tbe inslituUoa over which be pro
 sides, and which is situated in one of the loTgliesr
 aad healthiest regioos of New England.
SLOAN’S COLUMN.
All Medicines and Books advents*® by
 W. P. Sloan are sold wholesale and retail,
 at tbe proprietor’s prices, at
 SLOAN’S MEDICINE DEPOT,
 United States Hotel Block, Terrace Street,
 Buffalo, N. Y., and all orders tor the same
 from the State of New Yoik, Pennsylvania,
 Eastern Ohio and the Canadas, must be ad
 dressed to WM. B. SLOAN, Buffalo, N. Y.
 F. B. MOREHOUSE, Travelling Ast.
 Sold by Post Willis, Rochester; Ly
 man Bebfe, Penfield T. B. Si W. Cor
 ning, Webster; J. Van Burem, Fair port
 B. M. Glazier, Sweden Cenue; Awdriw
 Clark, Clarkson; A. B. Raymond, Spen
 cerport, and by Merchants, Druggists, A«., in
 nearly every town in the United Siatealaiid
 Canada.
SLOAN’S
FAMILY OINTMEN
 Is MUd, Safe, Thorough and the greatest
 External Remedy ever used. It is compo
 sed of Vegetable Extracts, and possesses
 power unequalled in the annals of Medians
 for the cure of Inflammatory Diseases.
 It b universally acknowledged to bo an
 infallible remedy in every case where it has
 been faithfully applied on the human sys
 tem, for promoting Insensible Perspiration,
 and ia invaluable in all diseases of the flesh.
 Obstinate Ulcers, Old Sores, Chilblains and
 SPRAINED LIMBS,
 Can be relieved ot pain and all inflammation, and cured
 Immediately by a free uee of SJoan’e Ointment.
 FOR BURNS,
 Sloan’, Ointment haa no equaL It relievee alt pain tn a
 to w minutes, end heata rapidly, without leaving a scar.
 •CALD HEAD.
 Every cam of this troublesome complaint can be cured
 with Sloan’s Umlment, if the directions are etrictly fol
 lowed. __
 PILES.
 Sloan’s OtattaMM afford* immediate relief and has cured
 bfedradji of cases after all other remedies had failed.
 CROUP.
 the approach of Its rattle, can bo immediaioly arrested
 by a free use of Sloan’s Ointment.
 BALD HD AD.
 Store’s Ointment removes all inflammation from the
 scalp, tctusquemiy a rigorous growth of hair follows.
 SORD THROAT.
 And Cutaneous Eruptions, Sore Nipples, Sore Breasts,
 Diseases of the Eye, Ague in the Face, Rheumatic Pains,
 Contracted Cords, Pain in the Side, Back, and other parts
 of ths system, Boils, Bruises, Fresh Wounds, and every
 kind of sore containing the least panicle of Inflammation
 an permanently cured by thia great remedy.
 HEALING VIRTUES.
 It is a fact, authenticated here, a* well aa all over tha
 Stats, ana indead tha whole wostern states, that Sloan's
 Medicines have obtained a wide spread celebrity and re
 putation. to which they are justly entitled by their '‘healing
 virtues, and powers. We are not among thoee who are
 prone to endorse every patent humbug that comes along,
 end in this instance have delayed our endorsement until
 we have been able to make assurance double sure, not only
 by testing them personally ourselves, but from the testi
 mony of a numerous portion of the community living
 around u*.— (lllinois Globe, April 13, 1860.
 STOPPED THE NAUSEA.
 Buffalo, Sept. 26th 1850.
 Dr. W. Sloan: Sir—About the first of August
 last, mv hand began to swell badly, and caused rig
 veiy great suffering. The swelling daily increased
 and extended up uiy arm to the shoulder, and affect
 ed me so much as to render me incapable of retain
 ing any food in my stomach. 1 bad (he attendaned
 of aa eminent })hyeicmn, anil ervery thing wits trirta
 that promised relief, until it seemed as though I
 could not survive another day.
 At this critical juncture at the solicitation of a
 friend, your valuable Ointment was applied to the
 arm and hand, and also over the region of ths stom
 ach. 'Thig immediately Btopped the nausea; and in
 25 or 30 minutes, the pain in my arm and hand was
 so far relieved, that I sell into a quiet slumber, for
 the first time in about two weeks. The hand was
 several times laid o|&gt;en with tire Lancet before your
 Ointment was applied, without affording any relief;
 hut from the time I began to use your Ointmrnt up
 on it, the sore nischarged freely, and my hand and
 arm weie restored in an almost incredibly, short
 time. The speedy relief from the wondefu' suffer
 ings which 1 experienced, induces me to send you
 this testimonial that others similarly affeeted may
 know the value of your Ointment in such cases.
 For any further particulars, you are at lilierty to re
 fer to me, MRS. MARY ANN MURRAY.
 I certifvfthat the above statement is true.
 JOHN MURRAY
 TESTIMONIAL FROM GENESEE COUATY
 To all whom this may come, or in any way concern:
 This is to certify that I applied W. B. Sloan's
 Salve to my horse’s mouth when it was very bad
 with Black Tongue or Cancer—so lad he could
 not eat; and in two hours he eat as well as ever.
 And I further certify that it is a good medicine for
 human’flesh, cuts and bruises.
 O. B. CROFF, M. D.
 Bethany, Oct. 29th 1850.
SLOAN’S’
HORSE OINTMENT
 HAS EARNED A GREAT MAINE.
 For Purity, Mildness, Safety, Certainty,
 and Thoroughness, it excels, and is now su
 perceding all other Ointments and Liniments,
 for the cure of Horses, Cattle, and other Do
 mestic Animals. A free use of this Ointment
 cures immediately all
 Fresh Wounds and Galls,
 Without leaving a Scar. Its effects are per
 fectly magical in the oure of these Injuries.
 For Sprains, Strains and Bruises,
 Nothing has ever been discovered that com
 pares with Sloans Ointment.
 Wind Galls, Callus and Cracked Hxels,
 Are cured at once by the use of Sloan’s
 Ointment, if the direotiona are followed.
 Spavin, Sweeney and Ringbone.
 No mistake about curing permanently all
 theee Complaints by a faithful application of
 Sloan’o Ointment.
 Fistula, Poll Evil and Distemper.
 Sloan’s Ointment and Condition Powder
 never fail to restore the animal sound aa
 ever,
 Founder and Contracted Feet.
 Sloan’s Ointment and Condition Powder
 have no equal in the oure of Founder and
 Contracted Feet. The Ointment will prevent
 contraction of the hoofs, remove ridges, soften
 and toughen the feet, and the Condition Pow
 der is certain to remove all internal Fever and
 Slffliese,
 Scratches or Grease and Mange.
 The only infallible Remedy for these Cem
 •laints is Sloan’s Ointment, It cures when
 ill other Remedies fail,
 Farmers, Shepherds and Dairymen.
 Sloan’s Ointment never fails to oure all
 Miti of Hoof-Ail, or Foot-Rot of Sheeps
 and injuries in the feet of other animals.
 RJ* For further Particulars and a Multi*
 tod* of Certificate* of Remarkable Crnrm,
 get Pamphlet* of Agent*,
 Prepared and Sold, and Retcdk
 aJdisGrand Depot, 40 Lake Street, Chisago
 w B. SLOAN, j
"
