"P o ctrg.
WELCOME TO GEORGE THOMPSON.
 FT ROSILLA FLQRiA*!»A.
 Thrice welcome to our country’* shore,
 Our brother from beyond the watte
 Of ocean’* eastern strand;
 From England’s isle thou comest o’er,
 Then friend of freedom, -ue sfcd brave,
 To meet a brother band,.
 Free, generous heart* shall welcome thee
 Within Columbia’s proud domain,
 Defender of the Right!
 And bid thy voice from sea to sea
 Rebuke the tyrant proud and vain,
 Till Justice conquer Might.
 What though thy home in foreign land
 Be tound, and there thy place of birth"?
 Our brother yet thou artl
 We proffer thee a friendly hand;
 We know, we feel thy honored worth;
 Thou liv’st iu each true heart.
 Yes, ardently we greet thee here,
 And bid thee freely, boldly speak
 For Truth and Liberty;
 tjpeak for that cause to thee so dear,
 Till chains, like rushes dry, shall break,
 Friend of humanity!
 Our country’* province traverse o’er,
 From East to West, from South to North,
 Fair Freedom to defend;
 And let thy voice, from shore to sliore,
 In tides of eloquence go forth,
 And God shall be thy friend.
 Where’er thy roving steps shall turn,
 There may thy peaceful mantle fall.
 And Freedom’s spirit breathe;
 Iler altar fires divinely bum,
 Her gentle feet obey thy call,
 And deep their impress leave.
 Come, bind thou fast, with golden bonds,
 Columbia to the mother isle'
 Unite with silken ties!
 No longer be they stranger land*,
 Nor more may slavery’s curse defile
 Their soft and sunny skies!
THE SL AVE AND THE FREE
 REPUBLIC.
 The age we live in is an age of
 enlightenment; a season of intellectual
 progress; an era big with the most
 wondrous events; a passage of time
 distinguished by extraordinary changes,
 and illustrated by immense improve
 ments in science and in art. To our age
 has been reserved the glory of trans
 cending the loftiest visions of philosophic
 speculation; time we have learned tc
 master; space is annihilated in the
 grasp of our scientific knowledge; parts
 of the earth once too far assunder to
 tempt the genius of the exploring mari
 ner, are, as it were, brought side tc
 side, and the intercommunication el
 thought has with us become almost as
 miraculously rapid as the creation ol
 thought itself. And, as our material
 knowledge is growing, our ideas expand,
 unc 1 our comprehension of the great
 truths of liberty, equality, and tolera
 tion becomes more clear and compre
 hensive. Such is the character and
 such is the tendency of our times; and
 yet, even now—prominent amidst the
 institutions of the freest of modern free
 States—is there existing an anomaly,
 of such an inconceivable intensity and
 grossness, as the world never before
 beheld.
 The great confederated Republic ol
 North America claims to be the most
 thoroughly free nation on the face ol
 the globe. And, surely, it is there
 that the great principle of equality ii
 most completely realized. The peo
 ple are the sovereign power—by grace
 of God, the rulers and the masterrf;
 and the poorest man and the richest
 have equal share in the control and
 government of the Commonwealth.
 There, alone, amongst all the nations,
 does the white man appear to possess
 the fullest enjoyment of -jivil freedom
 that has yet been found attainable in a
 civilized community. There all arbi
 trary distinctions of class are trampled
 under foot, and no marks are known
 but those of personal merit and fortune,
 by which one man may raise himsell
 above the other. All are equally free
 —all equally enjoy the privileged ol
 citizens—all are fellows all are
 brothers, amongst whom, no one pos
 sesses the special privileges of political
 primogeniture.
 Yet, in this very nation it is that the
 eye of the Christian and the philanthro
 pist is offended by the unconcealed
 existence of a press and offensive mon
 strosity. In this free State flourishes,
 in unreproved boldness, a system that
 has deeph polluted and corrupted the
 social morality of the people: a loath
 some sore on the fair bosom of the
 commonwealth; a dark stain on the
 proud banner of the nation; a desperate
 disgrace; a loud-tongued reproach on
 the self-eulogistic enlightenment of the
 community. Yes, it is a humiliating
 truth to be handed down to future ages
 ~—that, in the very heart ol the United
 States of North America. which noisily
 boast of their power, their progress,
 and their unparalleled freedom, still
 flourishes, in all its disgusting gross
 ness, the disgraceful and damning in
 stitution of human slavery.
 How terribly humiliating to human
 pride is this sad fact! Just think of it!
 SVheu in another, and a still more ad
 vanced stage of the world’s progress,
 the student of history reads that, in a
 day gone by, when men loudly vaunted
 of the blessing of freedom, human
 beings still trafficked in the lives and
 labor of their fellows, and beings with
 the likeness of their Creator stamped
 upon them —no matter in how dark a
 mould—were bought and sold in the
 public markets like horses, cows, or
 sheep —where shall he turn for the
 illustration of so marvellous a story?
 Is it amongst the wild steppe* of bar
 baric Russia, where the will of an indi
 vidual is the irrevocable law for mil
 lions? Or, is it beneath the dark,
 degrading, anu oppressive despotism of
 the mottled empire of the Austrian
 Kaiser? No—he must sweep across
 the waters of tho wide Atlantic, and in
 that western clime, which has, before
 an assenting world, styled itself “tbe
 refuge of liberty”—“the home of the
 free"—must he search lor tbe reali
 zation of a story so incredible.
 It is now gome twenty years since
 England, inspired with a noble real,
 destroyed, at one blow, the slavery
 system in her possessions, and lavished
 a vast amount of treasure in its extinc
 tion. And it is now tbe glorious boast
of Englishmen that—no matter what
 be his color or bis clime—as soon as
 the slave plants his foot upon the sacred
 9oil of Britain, the fetters of servitude
 drop from his emancipated limbs. But
 America, the child of British liberty,
 who boasts that she has far surpassed
 her parent in the development of free
 dom, still retains the loathsome burden
 that the healthier mind of England had
 flung away for ever. And at this hour,
 flowing through every channel of the
 social system, tainting and corrupting
 the whole body, the effects of that
 moral cowardice which shrunk from the
 generosity of raising the black man to
 a level with his white brethren, work
 with undiminished force. We need
 not point to the facts which will be
 found detailed elsewhere, as proof—
 more telling evidence is found in the
 degradation, even in those States where
 slavery is banned, of the free colored
 citizen. He is the Pariah of American
 life—shunned as the leper —scoffed at,
 beaten, degraded; and the tinge of his
 blood, coloring the whitest skin, is
 more fatal in that free land than the
 plague spot on the victim s cheek. The
 gentleness and loveliness of women are
 no safeguards against insult, where
 the faintest trace of negro blood is ever
 suspected—education, intellect, the
 might of genius itself, cannot atone for
 it in the eyes of the free and enlight
 ened citizens of George Washington’s
 free Republic.
 An example of the intensity with
 which this base and demoralizing spirit
 has become leavened in American
 society was exhibited in a very remark
 able manner, in Boston, some time ago.
 A negro—a man of talent and educa
 tion, and a man of true gentlemanly
 refinement, too, that might put to the
 blush even the impudence of an Ame
 rican “free citizen”—was walking, in
 the open day, down a public street,
 with a white lady leaning on cither
 r arm. Two individuals, in the garb ol
 gentlemen, who happened to pass at
 the time, were filled with indignation
 and astonishmant at so insolent a dis
 play on the part of a “damned nigger.”
 They stalked up, and, requesting the
 &gt;f ladies to quit the society of their
 il black companion, proceeded to beat
 t with their sticks the unarmed and un
 e offending man. This display of Ame*
 i, rican independence was loudly ap
 i- plauded by the public press; and the
 e two fellows, instead of being denounced
 i- as scoundrels, worthy of the pillory or
 c the stocks, received a high eulogium
 o for their behaviour. This in a Chris
 e tian country —this in a land claiming
 a to possess the highest degree of civil
 o freedom for all its children! Surely,
 i- we must grieve for the society that
 o nourishes so fearfully degrading a spirit,
 if But, in defence of America, it it
 ,s said that human slavery is one of the
 if evils she has inherited from her Euro
 d pean colonizers, and that it is one
 I, whose removal, in her present condi-
 Lt tion, she finds it especially difficult tc
 t- accomplish. The excuse is a poor,
 i- pitiful fallacy. The difficulty is not in
 d the system itself, but alas! in the gen
 d eral tone of society, which has
 e been, with all its idle parade of lib
 e erality, educated into the approval ol
 t the vicious slave system, and the un
 d Christian contempt and loathing of one
 e great section of their fellow-men. Thai
 this is only the simple truth—that the
 if fault lies with America herself, nol
 it with her “difficulties”—is proved b)
 if the conduct of her Legislature, which
 e but a short time since, strengthened
 the hands of the slave-holders, by pass
 ing a Bill enabling them to recovei
 e from any part of the United States, sucf
 wretches as may have succeeded in es
 t caping from slavery—a Bill by which
 j the man who may have gained hit
 i. freedom, five, ten, aye or twentj
 years ago, may—though he should
 s have been living all that time m com
 n petence and safety, and reared up a
 i family around him, with all the associa
 tions of home, making his freedom s
 j thousand-fold more dear —be dragged
 i back again to all the horrors of the
 slave-cell, the fetter, and the whip,
 f The evil results of this perniciouc
 j I enactment are illustrated by the ac
 f counts which we give elsewhere, ol
 the recent riots in Boston. Aq or
 ganized system of r«aist*noo is opposed
 I to the carrying out of the Bill by that
 "portion of the population whose abhor
 rence of the slave-trade is greater than
 their respect for human enactments.
 I Every effort is made to baffle the at
 tempts of the emissaries of the slave
 holders to recover the fugitives; and in
 t more than one case, where skill in out-
 I witting them failed, open force was
 resorted to, and the poor wretches who
 t had been arrested,, were rescued by
 violent means. Of course, in no State,
 can a violation of its laws be suffered
 to go -with impunity. When an enact
 ment comes into force, it must be main
 tained, or the Government of the coun
 try will fall into contempt, and the
 danger of anarchy be risked by the
 nation. The American Government
 has, accordingly, been obliged to take
 proceedings against the benevolent
 violators of its recently enacted law;
 and, in this nineteenth century, in a
 free community, we are shocked with
 the appearance of a proclamation from
 the authorities, calling on the citizens
 to aid in the prosecuting of all who
 may have “rescued a fugitive slave,”
 or have “harbored or concealed such
 fugitive contrary to law.” How de
 graded is the proud star-spangled ban
 ner of that nation whose Government
 has voluntarily converted itself into—a
 hunter of human slaves!
 It is terrible disgrace, branded on
 the brow of America —this traffic in
 human beings. Vaunt she ever so
 much—hold she her head ever so high
 —she dare not, in the opinion oi
 Christian tnen, claim equality with the
 other great powers, whilst the curse
 of slavery flourishes within her em
 brace. Whilst the black walks a fet
 ered, lashed, and abhorred being in
 the'land, the great Republic stands de
 graded before the world. It is no
 excuse to say that but in a portion oi
 the country this evil exists. It matters
 not—the stain rests equally on the
 whole Confederation, from Florida to
 Massachusetts—the brand is legibly
 stamped on the Government that has
 made itself the tool and defender of the
 slaveholders. And it is no answer to
 say that this slave-curse is more offen
 sive in sentiment than in reality-even
 were this true —that the black is
 generally not ill-treated, God’s image
is degraded to tbe level of the beast,
 and a living crime against humanity
 blights the morality of tbe land. Wbat
 man, in whose breast all the fine feel
 ings of our nature are not extinct, does
 not detest and execrate a system so
 frightfuly destructive of morality and
 natural affection, that, under it, the
 father has been known to barter for
 gold the children of his slave—the illicit
 offspring of his own body In a con
 dition of society where such a thing
 could even once occur, there is some
 thing fearfully revolting; and that such
 a condition of society should b*t pre
 served in a State boasting of its un
 paralleled freedom and advancing
 enlightenment, is an anomaly whose
 solution can be found only in the de
 pravity to which the human heart is so
 prone. This is the curse of America
 to-day —this is the evil that paralyzes
 her moral strength, and degrades her
 people; and, until she can fling the
 incubus off, she cannot proceed on that
 mighty course of progressive civiliza
 tion which seems pointed out to her by
 the guiding hand of Heaven. —Northern
 Whig, Belfast.
[Fr«m the London Enquirer.]
 AMERICAN SLAVERY AND THE
 AMERICAN CLERGY.
 The Morning Advertiser in the course
 of an article on American Slavery,
 suggests that each section of the re
 ligious world of Great Britain aiid
 Ireland should send a friendly remon
 strance to those Churches of the United
 States, with which they sympathize in
 doctrine and discipline, upon their re
 sponsibilities, their duties, and their
 dangers, in relation to slavery. That
 the American clergy stand in need of
 remonstrance cannot be denied. As
 our contemporary remarks, the con
 duct of the clergy in the the free states
 has always been the reflection of the
 public opinion upon that subject: whe
 ther for right or for wrong, they have
 followed, but have not led the national
 sentiment. As the public have felt,
 the pulpit has spoken. In the earlier
 period of their republic, while the
 people were warm with the achieve
 ment of their own freedom, the
 Churches strongly protested agains
 the continuance of slavery in the
 Southern States. Some of the resolu
 i tions passed in the years to 1787 to
 I 1793 by synods, conferences, and
 general assemblies of Congregation
 alists, Presbyterians, and Methodists,
 speak of slave-holders, as “man
 stealers,” as “sinners of the first
 i rank,” as “perpetrators of the highest
 kind of theft;” but in process of time
 public opinion altered. As the free
 states became commercially and politi
 i cally interwoven with slavery and the
 slave power, the Churches were found
 echoing the general feeling against in
 terfering with the “peculiar institution”
 of the south. The Protestant Episco
 i pal Church has not shown the incon
 sistency which marked the course ol
 i the other religious organizations of the
 United States. It never evinced any
 i sympathy with the slave, and boasts o]
 not having been disturbed by the anti
 slavery agitation. Several of theii
 Churches are under colored ministers.
 of great talent and unquestioned in
 t tegrity; but the Episcopal conventior
 i hss steadily refused to admit them ink
 its body
 Rev. Dr. Parker, of Philadelphia
 said in a recent thanksgiving sermon
 I “That there were no evils in slavery
 but such as were inseparable from any
 other relation in civil and social life.’
 i The Rev. Gardiner Spring, a popular
 and fashionable Presbyterian ministei
 ol New York, and well known in this
 i country by his religious writings, lately
 proclaimed (rom the pulpit that “God
 for the last 2,000 years fixed his brand
 upon the negro; that he would not fight
 against God, and that if by &lt;9he prayei
 he could liberate every slave in the
 world, he would not dare to offer it.”
 The Rev, Moses Stuart, D.D., late
 professor at the Theological Seminary
 at Andover, printed a pamphlet during
 the discussion of the Fugitive Slave
 Bill, justifying slavery from the Bible,
 and passing the highest panegyrics upon
 Mr. Webster. The Rev, Orville
 Dewey, D.D. has just declared at a
 public lecture, while vindicating the
 obnoxious law, that “he would rathet
 send his own mother into slavery, and
 go himself, than see the union between
 the free and slave-holding states dis
 solved.” With such clerical endorse
 ments of the unchristian enactments ol
 this Bill, the anti-slavery papers, at th&lt;!
 present moment, abound. “Human
 beings,” remarks the Advertiser,’ “are
 sold without any attempt at disguise,
 by the ecclesiastical bodies of the
 United States, to support theological
 seminaries and places of worship.
 Synods and assemblies of divines have
 formally declared, that the marriage
 tie between slaves is not binding.”
 This atrocious decision has evidently
 no other object than to facilitate their
 separation by sale.
 Meanwhile there are brave, God
 fearing men, who, through scorn and
 obloquy, lift up their voices against
 this great wickedness. The calumniated
 Abolitionists strive night and day to
 open the eyes of the people, and the
 clergy too, to the crime to which they
 are privy.
 In a recent debate in the House of
 Representatives at Washington, the
 Hon. Joshua R. Giddings, in referring
 to the late “Fugitive Slave Bill,” made
 the following comparison between
 Professor Webster, who was executed
 last August at Boston, and the Hon-
 Daniel Webstei, Secretary ot State:—
 “Sir, —I was about to make some
 comparisons, but perhaps they may be
 regarded as indelicate. During last
 summer two distinguished gentlemen of
 the name occupied much of the public
 attention. One was said to have com
 mitted murder, and the other to have
 procured the passage of this law: one
 was hanged for his crime; the other,
 for his efforts, was taken iuto the Exe
 cutive Cabinet. One destroyed the
 life of an individual, the other contri
 buted his efforts for the passage of this
 law, which must consign hundreds,
 perhaps thousands, to premature
 graves. I, sir, cannot speak for others;
 but, for myself, I would rather meet
 my final Judge with the guilt of him
 who hoe gone to his account, than o|
 him who now sits in yonder Cabinet.”
 Language such as this, used at so
 early a period of the Congrtssiona
Sessions, gives little color to the asser
 tion of the political press of the United
 States, and reiterated by the “Cor
 respondent of the Times,” that the
 agitation upon this fearful law is sub
 siding. Mr. Giddings would not have
 ventured to give solemn utterance to
 such a sentiment, had he not believed
 that the conscience of his country was
 not become totally callous; nor, with
 out the conviction of being supported
 by a large amount of public opinion,
 while asserting that there was “a law
 of right, of justice, of freedom im
 planted in the breast of every human
 being,” which bade him look with
 scorn on such a law as this, would he
 have concluded his address by exclaim
 ing,—“The spirit of the Pilgrim
 Fathers, which was manifested at
 Bunker’s-hill, at Saratoga, ard at
 York-town, still exists in the north.
 The same spirit which resisted the
 Stamp Act, will resist your Fugitive
 Slave Bill. The spirit which threw the
 tea into Boston harbor, will set your
 infamous law at defiance. The spirit
 ■ftiich overthrew the power of the
 British Crown, will submit to no force
 that shall compel it to comply with the
 odious provisions of this enactment.”
miscellaneous.
ENGLISH WOMEN IN THE
 COUNTRY.
 There are other guests in the house
 —Sir Charles M Lady P,, some
 Irish ladies without titles, (but so rich
 in natural gifts as to make one feel the
 poverty of mere rank,) and a charming
 family of grown up daughters. It would
 be difficult, perhaps, to have a better
 opportunity to judge of the life of the
 educated middle class of this country,
 than in such homes as this. And what
 impression do such examples make
 upon my inind, you will ask? I will
 tell yon, (not without remembering
 how many fair young readers you have
 at home.) The young English woman
 i 9 less conspicuously accomplished than
 our young wotneu of the same position
 in America. There is, perhaps, a
 little less of that je ne scais quoi —that
 nameless grace which captivates at
 first sight—than with us, but a better
 and more solid education, more dis
 ciplined minds, and above all, more
 common sense. In the whole art o(
 conversation, including ail the topics
 of the day, with so much of politics as
 makes a woman really a companion
 for an intelligent man in his serious
 thoughts, in history, language, and
 practical knowledge of the duties ol
 social and domestic life, the English
 women have, I imagine, few superiors.
 But whet, perhaps, would strike one ol
 our young women most, in English so
 ciety, would be tho thorough cultiva
 tion und refinement that exist here,
 along with the absence of all false
 delicacy. The fondness of English
 women, (even in the highest rank,) foi
 out of door life, horses, dogs, fine cat
 tle, animals of all kinds,—for theii
 grounds, and in short everything that
 belongs to their homes—their real, un
 affected knowledge of, and pleasure ir
 these things, and the unreserved wa)
 in which they talk about them, would
 startle some of my young friends ai
 home, who are educated in the fashion
 able boarding-school of Madame ,tc
 consider all such things “vulgar” ant
 “uulady-like.” I accompanied th&lt;
 young members of the family here thii
 morning, in an exploration of the mys
 teries of the place. No sooner did wc
 make our appearance out doors
 than we were saluted by dogs of al
 degrees, and each had the honor of ar
 interview and personal reception
 which seemed to be productive ol
 pleasure on both sides. Then some o
 the horses were brought out of the
 stable, and a parley took place betweer
 them and their fair mistresses; som&lt;
 favorite cows were to be petted ane
 looked after, and their good point!
 were descanted on with knowledge am
 discrimination; and there was the bass*
 cour, with its various population, al
 discussed and shown with such lively
 unaffected interest, that I soon saw m 3
 fair companions were “born to lov&lt;
 pigs and chickens.” I have saic
 nothing about the garden, because yoi
 know that it is especially the lady’i
 province here. An English woman
 with no tase for gardening, would b&lt;
 as great a marvel as an angel withou
 wings. And now, were these Ires!
 looking girls, who have so thoroughly
 entered into these rustic enjoyments
 mere country lasses and dairy-maids
 By no means. They will converse
 with you in three or four languages:
 are thoroughly well grounded ii
 modern literature; sketch from naturt
 with the ease of professional artists,
 and will sit down to the piano forte and
 give you an old ballad, or the finest
 German or Italian music, as your taste
 may dictate. And yet many of my
 young country-women of their age,
 whose education—wholly intended for
 the drawing-room—is far below that 1
 have described, would have fainted
 with terror; and half-blushed with false
 delicacy, twenty times in the course of
 the morning, with the discussions of
 the farm-yard, meadows and stables,
 which properly belong to a wholesome
 country life, and which are not in the
 slightest degree at variance with real
 delicacy and refinement. I very well
 knew that there are many sensibly edu
 cated young women at home, who have
 the same breadth of cultivation, and
 the same variety of resources, that
 make the English women such truly
 agreeable companions; but, alas, I also
 know that there are many whose beau
 ideal is bounded by a circle that con
 tains the latest fashionable dance for the
 feet; the latest fashinable novel for the
 head, and the latest fashionable fancy
 work for the fingers.— Downing’s Li
 ters from England.
“The Land of Liberty. —The
 Rev. John J. M’Bride was recently in
 dicted, in North Carolina, for present
 ing a little slave girl with a copy of
 the Ten Commandments. He was found
 Guilty, and his sentence was, to
 stand one hour in the stocks, receive
 thirty lashes on the bare back, and be
 imprisoned one year in the common
 goal. —Briliah Banner.
AGENT* roK THE NORTH ITAR.
 Joseph F. Durham, Esq., Turk’s lelasd, West
 lodic*.
 Etwaeitr Black, 14 Barclay Stfoet, J*aUati«'phia,
2V&amp;iJertistTntnto.
Dr. Hamilton’s Analytic Institution
 And college of health, no.
 217 Exchange Street, Rochester—
 The Treatment in this Institut ion is particularly
 adapted to all diseases incidental to Females. pro
 lapsus Uteri is cured in a short time, without the
 i use of any external or internal supporters, and the
 patient made able to run up and down stairs with
 ease,carry weights from 50 to 100 Ilia, ten rods at
 1 a time, walk fiom ten to thirty-two miles in a day,
 and endure much lalwr and fatigue as persons co
 joying comfortable health. Some who had been
 confined a year with this disease, and had not been
 able to walk three steps alone at once during that
 I time, recoreiedso rapidly as to walk ten miles on
 tit* tenth day of treatment.
 And Item 1 would warn the invalid against the
 use of every kind of pessary, such ns gold, silver,
 glass’ gum-elastic, sponge, Ac., as the application
 is always dangerous, and often times render the
 case entirely incurable. Other diseases are cured
 with equal success; such as Weakness and Falling
 I of the Bowels; Pain in the Back, (tide, Shoulders
 and Head; Spinal Diseases, Kidney Affection,
 Liver Complaint, Sinkiug sensation of the Stomach,
 Palpitation of the Heart, Dyspepsia, Piles, Cos-
 I tiveness, Difficulty of Making Water, Suppression
 ot the Menses, Excessive Menstruation, Whites,
 St. Anthony’s Dance, Neuralgia, Consumption in
 r its first stages, General Weakness and DebilLy,
 I Congestion, Inflammation, Ulceration aud Elarge
 meat of the Uterus, Ac.
 During the last year more than fifty invalids,
 afflicted with almost e"ery disease incident to the
 human system, were brought to this Institution on
 beds, from 100 to 400 miles, in a helpless condition
 unable to stand alone or walk without assistance
 But every patient improved beyond their expecta
 tion. The emaciated increased from 10 to SO lbs.
 in flesh, the accumulations of unhealthy flesh were
 I'OiluooJ frr m 90 In I*o IKo r tli» m od Ko/»&gt;mo
 straight, the contracted chest enlarged from one to
 five indies, the ribs reduced to their natural posi
 lion, the contracted limlm became elastic and useful,
 the derangement of the mind relieved, the symetry
 of the person restored; and all that have gone
 through a course of treatment have walked from 2
 118 miles at a time, and from 10 to 20 miles in a
 1 dav, and endured as much physical labor before they
 led ti e the Institution as person* considering them
 selves healthy, and bat lour or five of that number
 still remain, who have been treated but for a shori
 time, but are in a fair way of recoveriiti; their
 p health. A great numlier less feeble and only able
 to walk but :t few rods and set up but a short time
 iu a day, being confirmed invalids for years, had
 i so far recovered before they left the Institute nas to
 walk from ten to tliiriytwo miles in a day,and en
 dure as much labor and fatigue as persons enjoying
 good health and working every day for a living.
 The Proprietor of this Institution would nave it
 r directly understood, that drugging the system is ei
 tirely thrown aside, anil thut Water, I diet and Ex-
 J ercise are not his reliable remedies, as the most
 1 difficult cases are cured without the use of water,
 1 any further than to sponge over once or tw ice a day,
 and a great number have been cured here after they
 1 had been under a most rigid course of water, diet
 t and exercise from four months to three years, in
 l regular water-cure establishments, and were then
 brought here in a helpless condition, unable to sit
 up without fainting or suffering severe pstin.
 r We cannot give in a short cir -ular live manner in
 which the Analytic Remedies operate to effect so
 l speedy and effectual a restoration in so short a
 time, but we know they are entirely different from
 f those of any other public institution or private plac
 id tice in this country and we also know that their
 1 effects are so certain that we wish every individual
 J who has any doubts of being benefited would put
 1 us to the severest and surest test, and not submit
 themselves to our treatment until we had advanced
 the money to pay their expenses in coming and re
 turning from the Institution, given them a written
 f contract to board anil doctor them for nothing, make
 I them able to walk from sto 2d miles a day, and be
 able to endure as much physical labor as person* of
 ordinary health, aud to |&gt;ay them any reasonable
 I sum that they might think proper, from $lOO to
 $5OO, for their trouble and tune, if they should not
 be cured according to the contract.
 We have made the above propositions to give the
 suffering invalids who have spent hundreds and
 thousands of dollars without much or any benefit, a
 test by which they can distinguish the mere medical
 1 pretender whose cures exist only in newspajier
 puffs, circulars and handbills, from those who have
 sy stem of practice that is successful, and upon which
 they can depend with ceitainly, ami therefore will
 indemnify the invalid against the loss of money in
 t making a tria 1 to recover health, Itecause they know
 they can cure. For the mere boa-ting empiric dare
 not and w ill not indemnify the patients against the
 1 loss ol theii money and injury they may sustain it
 unsuccessful, because he lias no confidence in his
 own treatment, and cares not, any further than to
 obtain their money, whether the cure is effected
 t or not. invalids who see the above test, and still
 allow themselves to lie deceived by the mere medical
 pretender, have no reason to complain if they lose
 their money without recovering their health, as the
 proprietor of the Analytic Institution will insure
 them against the lortner, while he restore* the lat
 ter. But he does not wish to undervalue any system
 of practice, and only asks to he tested according to
 l the above prO|Wsitions by that class of individuals
 who have been abandoned as incurable by all other
 systems ol practice, having any or all of the dis
 -1 eases describe I in this circular, and wheather they
 have been confined to their beds one or twenty
 t years.
 Invalids coming to the Institution on the state
 meats on this circular, and finding them to be un
 true or exaggerated, 1 will pay all their expenses
 for coming and returning home again, and One
 Hundred Dollars (resales for their time and trouble
 —my responsibility can be ascertained by directing
 a letter, post-paid, to the President of the Rochester
 City Bank.
 Any one wishing furthei information can receive
 a book containing the particulars of the Institution,
 class of patients treated, list of cases cured, and the
 regulations of the establishment.
 All letters of inquiry must be post-paid and di
 rec ed to Dr. Thomas Hamilton. 217 Exchange
 street, Rochester, N. V, Dr. Hamilton is the pro
 prietor of the Analytic institution, and is in no way
 connected w ith Halsted llall, neither is the piactice
 the same, as Dr. Halsted knows nothing about the
 Analytic treatment. Let all invalids who come to
 Ko« hester for medical treatment satisfy themselves
 where the most and greatest cuies are effected. But
 some have been so mistaken as to direct letters to Dr.
 Hamilton, Halsted Hall. Others have corresponded
 witii the proprietor of Halsted Hall, supposing Dr.
 Hamilton was the attending phryician, as his name
 was always associated with the numerous cures aud
 long walks th?t had been performed by the persons
 cured in Rochester; and others who have been to
 Halsted Hall, through mistake, have remained a
 short time, in consequence of the propiietor’s re
 presenting that he had treated certain cases that had
 been cured iu the Analytic Institution, but finding
 those representations untrue, left the “Hall” and
 came to this establishment for treatment; while
 some have remained to try his remedies, but not
 lieing benefitied,have returned disappointed in the
 ecovery of their health, and calling the Rochester
 Institution a “humbug,” as the evidence of such
 great cures being effected, and such long walks per
 formed, was entirely wanting in that Institution.
 But they were only mistaken in the p lace and phy
 sician.
 N. B.—Lectures on Anatomy and Phisology a*
 applied to the restoration and preservation of health,
 are given weekly, free of expense, by the propiietor
 and a lady well qualified, who tuts charge ol' U&gt;e
 gymnasium, thus making it a literary College of
 Health. Religious exercises on the Babbath.
 April 10, 1851.
ATHOL WATER CURE.
 THE Subscriber begs leave to call the attention
 of Invalids, especially those suffering from
 chronic disease, to his hydropathic establishment in
 Athol, Mass.
 His house was opened for the reception ofpatients
 past season, and it is believed offers excellent facili
 dies for a philosophic and thorough course in hydro
 pathy. The supply of water is abundant, and in
 purity has been pronounced equal to water on a
 (distilled.” The location is quite eligible, being but
 a short distance from the V. M. railroad. The
 vicinity abounds in a variety of scenery, and has
 charming grounds for walks and rambles. So that
 with the water, suitable regimen, mountain air, and
 exercise, patients can scarcely fail to obtain the
 healthful results for which they labor.
 The following case illustrates this remark. Mrs.
 8., wife of Dea. 8., of Warwick, Mass., aged
 about thirty-five years, was brought to me Met
 August. Her case presented the following pheno
 mena. If placed in an erect position, and left un-1
 supported, she forthwith fell backward to the
 ground. If being well supported, she made an
 effort to walk, either foot, when carried forward,
 despite her efforts to the contrary, would cross the
 other. She had been in this condition nearly a
 year. Her treatment commenced the ltith of Sept.,
 and was continued to the 2611 i Oct. only, when she
 left, so far recovered as to be able to walk half a
 mile with ease. Since her return to her family, she]
 lias continued her baths, with corresponding im
 hrovement to her health. She now attends to her
 aomestk duties, and with the assistance of n small
 girt, does the work of her family.
 pePatienU are desired to bring three comfortables,
 don pair of woollen blankets, one pair of sheets,
 half a doxea towels marked, with old linen lor
 bandages.
 Terms, from five to ten dollars per week, accord
 ing to the necessities or choice of the patients.
 Those who are less particular in the selection ot
 rooms, or are willing to occupy them in common
 with others, will be charged lets.
 Athol, March, 1848. GEORGE HOYT.
Haiste4’s Eclectic Metical Ustitate
 and Water-Care E&amp;tafcltskaeßt.
 THIS Institution has been in successful operation
 during fourteen years, for the care of all Chronic
 Diseases, and such as cannot be removed by medi-
 C ‘MORE THAN THREE THOUSAND Fa
 tienu have been restored to health and usefulness
 by the treatment pursued at this Institution, who
 could not find relief by any oilier course of medi
 cine. Hundreds who nad been confined to their
 beds for years, and who were almost in dtspair,
 have had renewed hope and courage when they have
 learned that others, laboring under as many discour
 agements as themselves, have been cured by this
 treatment after everything else had failed.
 Those who are laboring under CHRONIC, NER
 VOUS, or SPINAL difficulties, CURVATURES,
 Ac., which produce symptoms ol almost all other
 diseases, with their accompaniments—as DYS
 PEPSIA.RHEUMATISM .NEURA I.G I A, COg-
 TIVENESS, LOSS OF THE USE OF THE
 LIMBS, NUMBNESS, LOW SPIRITS, PAR
 TIAL, INSANIIY, and a host of oilier diseases
 arising from the same cause—SPINAL WEAK
 NESS, which they nor their phypeian* understand,
 and which medicine alone will not cure—to such
 sufferers we would say, we are curing hundreds just
 like you every year. Physicians bring their wives
 anti children to have them cured —why not conr.e
 yourselves, and save life, time and money 1
 We are using water iu all the various ways in
 which it is applied in water-cure establishments; yet
 we do not rely selely upon it, or upon medicines as
 they are generally understood and applied; but a
 COMBINED TREATMENT WITH ELECTRICITY,
 and a new mode of application which truly is magi
 cal in its efficacy, and is always sure to cure, in one
 half the time it takes under any other treatment,
 allowing that treatment to be successful, which is not
 the case one time in ten.
 Female Diseases. —Prolapsus Uteri (falling
 of the womb,) Leucorrhea, [whites] suppressed and
 DVOAsaise wWNsMMwSnni) Hi» litwvaece fmltfcilt W
 that period known as tlie turn of life’—involuntary
 discharge of urine and injuries from Childbearing,
 which are more frequent than Physicians are willing
 to acknowledge, especially within their own practice.
 Females frequently suffer for years from the diseases
 incident to their sex, and linger out a life of help.
 lessuess aud pain, when a few weeks* or at most a
 few months'treatment, would remove theirdifficulties
 ami restore them to their families, w ith health to
 labor, to enjoy themselves, and to contribute to the
 happiness of others. This has never failed to be
 accomplished in n single instance in this Institution,
 however weak and helpless the patient may have
 been on entering it. Many have come hundreds of
 miles on beds, in easy chairs, by boat, by carriage
 and railroad, who hail not walked for years. These
 ladies have walked miles daily before leaving the
 Institution.
 Such is our knowledge and confidence in this nnruir
 altlled treatment for all long standing or Chronic dis
 eases, of whatever kind or nature, that we will offer the
 following
 PROPOSITION:
 We will enter into a special written agreement with
 such as desire it, who enter the Institution, follow the
 rules and regulations, and go through the system oj.
 treatment, to pay their travelling expenses to and from
 the Institution, and board, lodge and nurse them, and
 give them our professional services, free of charge, if
 they are not helped according to agreement. This it is
 hoped will put a stop to cries of empyricistn from
 those interested in keeping patients under theirown
 charge, and will be a guarantee to those worn out
 by disease, who have spent much of their substance
 iu procuring medicine, and seeking relief, without
 finding it; tfiat here they will not spend tneir money
 without benefit, and that no false statements or im
 positions will tie practiced upon them.
 The modus operandi of curing Female difficulties is
 a new discovery and practised only at this Institution.
 The most helpless and feeble cases, who have been con
 lined for years, are relieved immediately, and if not pre
 vented from. walking by OTHER diseases, can go ud
 and down stairs in 48hours after commencing treatment
 without fear or trouble in regard to their ORIGINAL dif
 ficulty. To produce this almost instantaneous relief,
 the patient is subjected to no ptam or inconvenience, and
 m every instance a speedy cure is pterfarmed. If any
 one doubts let them select the most trying and diffi
 cult case they can find, and test out veracity and skill.
 Our TERMS are easy.
 N. B.—Any one wishing to know more about our
 system of treatment for Lung diseases or any other
 difficulty can address us [post |&gt;aid] and we will
 send them an account of the Institution—Certificates
 of cure—official report of last year, Ac., free ol
 charge —together with the most respectable refer
 ences in the city and country.
 P. S.—Our room is limited, therefore we want
 none to apply that can be cured at home. We pride
 ourselves in curing what others are not fortunate
 enough to do.
 Communications should be addressed toll ALSTED
 Hall, Medical Institute, Rochester, N. Y., post
 paid.
 References. —Joseph Field Ex-Mayor, and
 Rev. G. W. Montgomery, Rochester, N. Y.
“Every Man his own Physician.“
 THE HOME DOCTOR.
 JUST PUBLISHED, a new and valuable book
 for every family in the country, and one that may
 be consulted with perfect safety. As its title page
 indicates, it is “THE HOME DOCTOR, or Family-
 Manual, giving the causes, symptoms and treatment
 of Diseases; with an account ol the system while in
 health, and rules for preserving that state. Appen
 ded to which are recipes for making various medi
 cines and articles for diet for the sick room. The
 whole written for general use and daiiy|practice, by-
 John B. Newman, M. D.”
 Also, accompanying this hook, or separate, is
 “THE HERB BOOK, a book devoted exclusively
 to Herbs, giving their names, varieties,description,
 medical properties ami doses, use, time of gathering,
 and many olher directions very useful for every fam
 ily to know, and written expressly for family use.”
 "The Herb Book is devoted solely to Popular Med
 cal Botany, and will furnish on that point all the
 nesired information wanted for general use.
 Tlie two books are put up and bound together and
 contain 200 pages, price 25 cents,or sold separate
 at 124 cents.
 The symptoms of each disease are carefully given
 so that one may be recognized from another, to pre
 vent practising in the dark; also the treatment, a
 sketch of general physiology and rules lor keeping
 in iiealth, together with observations on their causes,
 means of avoiding deleterious influences, and such
 other remarks as are ieeined appropriate, for both
 male and female
 The book has been written with great care, ic
 plain, simple, common-sense style easily to be un
 derstood by every person, and by a practical physi
 ciau and a thorough botanist. We can recommend
 it with entire confidence, as being a work suparioi
 in all respects to any other book of the kind ever
 published at the price.
 Families in the country, and especially those liv
 ing in new countries and unhealthy elimates, should
 not fail to procure a copy and have it at all times a
 hand, in case of sickness as they might thereby by
 some simple remedy save an expensive and protrac
 ted doctors hill. Whether well or sick, such a book
 should tie in every house as a safe and sure advises
 m time of need, the direction given for persons is
 health cannot be too strictly atteded to by all.
 The price at which the book is sold is so low that
 every family may have a copy, and none should be
 without it.
 The book is put up iu Paper binding, and can
 easily lie sent by mail. Postage only cents to any
 aartofthe United States.
 09* Any person sending us one dollar by mai ano
 pre-paying postage on tne letter, shall have I'oui
 copies sent him fret of pontage.
 Scud in your orderss, there is no i isk in sending
 money by mail, it comes to us daily, and the books
 always reach th"V destination.
 (JCJ* Four families can chib together and send a
 dollar bill, and have lour books sent to one address
 WANTED—Agents in most of the States to sell
 this work, almost every family will purchase it if
 carried to their doors. A small capital of from R2O
 to $3O will be necessary for ench agent. Address,
 vost paid* GEO. W. r iS-i talv,
 April 1,1849. 6 Exchange-st, Rochester, N. Y
JUST PUBLISHED.and for sale at the office o
 of the Anti Slavery Standard
 The Legion of Liberty and Force of Truth Ith
 edition.
 This work contains about 290 pages of close
 reading; 300 eminent authorities, and about sixty
 illustrative engravings. Price 374 cts. in muslin,
 and 26 cents in paper covers. A very liberal dis
 count to those who purchase a number of copies.
 The Condition, Influence Rights and Appeal ol
 Women from various authors, 124- cent*.
 Letter to the People of the United States touching
 the Matter of Slavery. By Theodore Parker.—
 Wpp. 120. Price 18| cents.
 m. W. Brown’s Lecture before the Female A S.
 Society of Salem Mass. Reported by H. m.
 Parkhurst, Boston.—pp. 22. Fries 6 cents.
A»ti-SUY«ry Office,
 Nc. 31, North Fifth Street Philadelphia,
 A FULL assortment of anti-slavery publication
 is kept constantly on hand. Also a handtom
 variety of miscellaneous publications, and usetu
 and Fancy Stationery.
 All letters relating to the business of the office
 to be directed to J. Miller McKim, 81, North
 Fifth-street, Philadelphia. jul—tf
JOHN D. REVALEON, Hair Cutting Saloon
 and Perfumery tmfomm, 114,
FREE PRODUCE STORE.
 NEW GOODS just recivr-d. General redaction
 in price*.
 Fine 4 4 Print* various style*.
 New styles of Print* of medium quality, usual width.
 Fine and wide Paper Muslin*. A l*o Co’.cr*d
 Cambric*.
 Curtain Calico. Superior fine Chint* Umbrella*
 Oil Cloth*.
 Satiaeu, good and cheap. Also on haad. mostly
 reduced price* Gingham* various qualities and
 styles.
 Fine ami heavy Shirting, Sheetings, aud Pillew
 Mil (Hint.
 Striped Cambric*. Fine 6-4 Plaid Muslin.*'
 Muslin de Laine, plain ami neatly figured, all woo I
 Linen*, warranted free from cotton.
 Flannels 4-4 good and price low. Canton lann*l*
 white and colored.
 Table Diaper and Cloth*, of different ttyle*.
 Apron and Furtiiture Check. Cotton Handkerchief*.
 Cotton Twilled Pantaloon Stuffs. Also Liaaa
 Drilling Ac.
 Long and had* Hose, fine and heavy.
 Knitting Cotton, various No*., bleached, brown, and
 colored.
 Wadding white and colored Cotton l.aps. Also,
 Refined Lsiaf Crushed and Pnlveriied Sugar.
 Brown Sugar good quality, of various grades.
 The whole stock exclusively Free Labor Good*,
 to which the Subscriber would invite the attention
 of country merchants as well as his friends and th*
 public generally.
 Much pains is taken by the Managers of the Fre*
 Produce A?sis iation, to assist the Subscriber to en
 large the assortment from time to time.
 GEORGE W. TAYLOR,
 Northwest corner Fifth and Cberrv-st*
 Philadelphia 2d mo. Ist, 1848. if
wiitffiHiißfflj
UNPARALLED IN THE HISTORY OP
 MEDICINE
 AS THE MOST
 Remarkable External Application
 Ever Discovered!
 TIME and experience have fully proved that this
 UNIVERSAL REMEDY has not its equal
 on the list of |&gt;opiilar medicines, having lieen before
 the public for more than fourteen years. Testimo
 ny of the most disinterested character of its won
 derml effects oil the animal economy is almost daily
 presented to the proprietor. It is worthy of sp*
 cial remark, that liesuie the great and extraordinary
 powers in tlie cure of
 DISEASES OF THE HORSE,
 in which its virtues first attracted the attention ol
 the Farrier and Farmer, and the wonder of the
 public generally, H has lieen successfully employed
 in a great variety of the maladies which
 AFFLICT the human race.
 Ignoiance of facts and philosophy, start at the
 assertion that any one remedy can possess w ithin
 itself the virttie ol curing many diseases. Experi
 ence ol' more then fourteen years has nevertheless
 established the fact, that Merchant’s Celelirated
 Gargling Oil, or Universal Family Embrocation,
 will cure most cases and relieve such as the follow
 ing, among many others in the cure of which this
 Oil has L-en completely successful ami in which oth
 er pretended remedies have completely failed:
 RHEUMATISM, PAINFUL NERVOUS AF
 fe-tmns. Bites of Animals, Frost Bites, Coma,
 Boils, Whitlows, Asthma, Bruises, Burns,
 and Scalds, Cramps, Strains, Sprains,
 Ulcers from local causes, Caked
 Breasts, Contractions of the mus
 cles,Wounds, Swellings, Ac.
 Also a host of diseases
 in Horses and other
 animals,such as
 SPAVINS,
 Sweeney,
 RINGBONE,
 Windgall, Poll Evil,
 Callous, Cracked Heels,
 Galls of all kinds,
 Fresh Wounds, Bruises,
 Fistula, Sitfaat, Strains, Lameness,
 Sand Cracks, Foundered Feet, Scratches,
 OR GREASE, MANGE, FARCY, Ac.
 Numerous are the unsolicited statements of rm
 dents themselves,and others who have need tlie Oil
 of cures which in themselves appear so remarkable
 thut were they at all interested in a pecuniary point,
 they could hardly have lieen credited.
 The celebrated Dr. Parker also w rites as follows:
 Dear Sir: I have prescribed your Gargling Oil iu
 various cases of
 PRACTICAL SURGERY,
 as a liniment, with marked success, anil would com
 mend it to physicians generally for external use m
 all contusions, tumors, sprain*, white swellings,
 ami in all rheumatic affections, where external
 means are necessary. As a discutient, it is harm
 less where the febrile symptoms have been reduced
 by general treatment. In such cases, it is tlie most
 efficient remedy within the circle ot means now in
 use.
 I would also recommend it to community at larg*
 as a safe and powerful remedy w here there is no
 general fever in all the above diseases, to be used
 freely, and to counteract inflammation in a remark
 able manner. In bruised wounds it prevents swell
 ng, and consequent soreness in hot weather.
 From the peculiar nature of this Oil, and the
 unparalleled success it has met with in tlie hands ol
 the FARRIER, FARMER and STAGE PRO
 PRIETOR, it is but justice to say, that of the
 great number of medicines which have lieen offered,
 none have been so well adapted to the prompt cure
 of Diseases to which Horses are liable; it lias beeu
 very justly called a Complete Panacea for the Horse
 For instance, read the follow ing:
 TO OWNERS OF HOh^ES.
 This is to certify that 1 ha»e had for nuay years the
 care of from one hundred to two hundred horse*,
 and have made use of Merchant’s Gargling Oil for
 Iwo years past, and can safely say, that for all the
 diseases that horses are liable to, I never saw its
 equal. I use about one bottle per mouth, and re
 commend it to the public as the best medicine for
 hotses now in use. E D MINOR.
 All orders addresser) to the proprietor' will ha
 promptly responded to.
 Geta'pamphlet of the Agent, and see what won
 ders are accomplished by the use of this mediciue.
 Bold by respectable dealers generally in the Cm
 ted States and Canada.
 Also by Post Willis, Wm. Pitkin, L. B,
 SAan, Winslow A Young, H. D. vVade
 Rochester.
 H A E Gay lord, Henderson A Panrierson, Cleve
 laud, O.; G Ding Son, Columbus, O.; Gordon
 Israel, Cincinnati, O.j McClure Co, Albany;
 Hollister A Co, Buffalo; Greeuuian A Smith, Un
 ca; P D Orris A Co, Troy, N Y. July 13—6 m,
British Periodical Literature,
 The London Quarterly Review, the Edinburgh Ren te
 The North British Review, the Weetmin e&gt; Renew
 and Blackwood's Edinburgh Magazine.
 THE wide-spread tame ot these splendid period
 cuts renders it needless to say much in their praise.
 As literary organs, they stand far m advance of
 .my tiling of the sort now published, while the polit
 ical complexion of each is marked by a dignity,
 candor, and forbearance, not often found iu works
 of a party character.
 They embrace the views of the three great parties
 in England—-Tory, VAiig, and Radical. Black
 wood and the London Quarterly are Tory; the
 Edinburgh Review Whig; and the Westmin
 ster Review Radical. The North British Re
 view is m ore of a religious character, having been
 originally edited by Dr. Chalmers, and now, since
 his death, being conducted by his son-in-law, D
 Hanna, associated with Sir David Brewster. Its
 literary diameter is of the very highest order. The
 Westuijnster, though reprinted under that title only,
 is publj seed in Eog'and under the title of The For
 eign Q uarterly and Westminster —it being in fact a
 union of the two Reviews formerly republished a
 reprinted under separate titles. It has, therefore,
 the advantage by this combination of uniting iu one
 work the best features of both as heretofore issued.
 The above Periodicals are reprinted in New York,
 immdiately on their arrival by the British steamers,
 in a beautiful clear type, on fine white paper, and
 are faithful copies of the originals, Blackwood’s
 Magazine, being an ezoctfacsttntle of the Edinburgh
 edition.
 RICK# FOR 1849, (if subscribed for early.)
 For any bne of the four Reviews, $3 00 per annum
 For any two do 6 00
 For any three do 7 00
 For all four of the Reviews, 8 00
 For Blackwood’s Magazine, 8 00
 For Blackwood aad the 8 Reviews, 9 00
 For Blackwood It the 4 Reviews, 10 00
 Payments to he made in all case* in advance.
 CLUBBING.
 Four copies of any or ail the above works will
 sent to one address on payment of the regular suo
 script ion for three—the fourth copy being gratis.
 EARLY COPIES.
 A late arrangement with tne British publishers o
 Blackwood’s Magazine secures to us early sheets oi
 that work, by which we shall be able to place the
 entire number iu the handn of subscribers before any
 tortion of it can he reprinted in any of the American
 Journals. For this and other advantages secured u*
 our subscribers we pay so large a consideration, that
 we may be compelled to raise the price of the Maga
 zine. Therefore we repeat subset ibe early while
 the price is law.
 Remittances aad communication should iaways
 betaddreased, post-paid or fraiiked,so tbs p jbliiT e,
 EON ARD SCOTT It Co
 79j|Fultoa.Strcei, New Yosfc
"
