"Seventeenth Annnal Meeting or the Ame
 rican Anti-Slavery Society.
 By the Bth article of the Constitution, it is
 provided that ‘the annual meeting of the so
 ciety shall be held each year at such time and
 place, as the Executive Committee may di
 rect. Hitherto, since the formation of the
 Society, the annual meeting has been uniform
 ly held in the city of New York, and usually
 in the Broadway Tabernacle. So absolute,
 however, is the sway of the slave power in
 that city, and such the fear of mobocratic ex
 cess, (stimulated by ‘the Union Committee on
 the one hand, and the lawless Rynders and
 his crew on the other,) that no meeting-house
 or hall, in that great city, can be procured
 either for the love of liberty or for gold, for
 the accommodation of .the Society. Neither
 in the adjacent city of Brooklyn can any
 suitable building be obtained for this purpose.
 Leaving these cities to the historical infamy
 which awaits them, the Executive Committee,
 in accordance with the urgent request of the
 friends of impartial liberty in Western New
 York, hereby give notice that the Seven
 teenth Annual Meeting of the American
 Anti-Slavery Society will be held at SYRA
 CUSE, (N. Y.,) on Wednesday, May 7th,
 commencing at 10 o’clock, A. M.—at which
 time and place they earnestly invite a full
 attendance of its members and friends be
 lieving that the crisis is such, in the convic
 tion of every intelligent, mind, both as to the
 preservation of our own liberties and the
 emancipation of the millions who are still
 clanking the fetters of slavery, as to rondo
 noodtoon any special appeal.
 It is with great pleasure the Committee
 announce, that their distinguished and elo
 quent coadjutor, George Thompson, M.P.,
 has promised to give his attendance, and par
 ticipate in the proceedings. The Rev. Theo
 dore Parker, of Boston, has also signific ..is
 intention to be with us on the {occasion, if
 practicable, as well as other able advocates of
 ‘liberty, equality, fraternity.' A series of
 meetings, of the most interesting and stirring
 character, may be confidently expected. Much
 reliance is placed on the readiness and deter
 mination of the friends of the cause at the
 West to improve this opportunity to com
 mune with their brethren from the East.
 In behalf of the Executive Commitee,
 Wm. L. GARRISON, President.
 Wendell Phillips,
 Sydney Howard Gay, ecre/ar,w
 It? Editors of papers are respectfully te
 quested to notify their readers of the time and
 place of holding this anniversary.
Sljf Nor 11) Star.
ROCHESTER, APRIL 17, 1851.
K7* We shall rely upon our esteemed friend
 and coadjutor, James C. Morel, to act at
 agent of the North Star in Brooklyn. The
 subscribers there may pay to him their sub
 scriptions.
To our Subscribers. —We beg to state
 that a number of oui subscriptions for the pres
 ent year yet remain unpaid, and we shall es
 teem it a favor if our friends, who are in
 arrears, will enclose them to us by mail with
 out further delay.
Qjr* A must searching discourse on tne
 new National Slave Law," has been re
 cently delivered in Canandaigua, the head
 quarters of silver grayism, by out excellent
 friend, L. Whitney. Extracts shall appear
 next week.
KJ* We learn that George Thompson,
 Esq., is now in Syracuse, and that he will
 lecture before the Teacher’s Convention now
 assembled at that place. There is strong
 hopes that he will be able to visit Canandai
 gua, and perhaps Farmington, before the An
 nual Meeting of the American Anti-Slavery
 Society in Syracuse, on the 7th May.
UjP There are in this city, as in most other
 large American cities, a miserable set of idle,
 and besotted white loafers, whose only appa
 rent occupation is, to stand at the street cor
 ners, and to insult peaceable colored people as
 they pass. These pitiable creatures seem to
 have do other means of establishing a sense of
 their own importance. And the best way to
 treat them is, with silent contempt.—f. d.
lU* The speech of Mr. May will be read
 with pleasure by our friends on both sides of
 the St. Lawrence and the lakes. It ia an
 able and eloquent appeal to our Canadaian
 neighbors to array themselves on the aide of
 emancipation. The common destiny of the
 people of this continent, compel them to be
 parties to this great question. Slavery ronst
 be abolished or become j univeisal on this
 continent.—f. d.
Fay you a Postage. —Do pay your post
 age Why will you not pay your postage?
 Come now, our friends, let us beseech you
 ooce more to pay your postage! We are
 constantly receiving letters—large, ten cent
 letters, written on all sides, and on the mar
 gins, intended for publication in the North
 Star, some of which would stand a chance
 of being published, but that the fiist draft
 upon our charity and patience, divests us at
 once of ihoee qualities necessary to the pre
 paration of such letters for the public eye.
 Friends, we are not able to pay your post
 age, and we do, therefore, most earnestly be
 seech you to pay your own postage.” f. d.
Rochester Anti-Slavery Festival.
 The Committee of Thirteen Ladies are
 making vigorous and extensive preparations
 for a grand entertainment in honor of George
 Thompson, Esq., the eloquent champion of
 emancipation. They are not yet able to state
 on what day the Festival will be held.
 Our country friends who are intending to
 aid ua by donations of poultry, eggs, butler,
 cream, fruit, Ac., are requeated to forward
 them aa early as the 35d.
 We anticipate on this occasion, an assem
 blage such as baa seldom convened in this
 city for any philanthropic or religious object,
 in a long time.
 The magnificent Corinthian Hall—the
 finest building for lecturing purposes in West
 ern New York, has been secured. Besides
 bountiful refreshment tables, a part of ths
 all will be furnished with tables laden with
 rich, elegant and beautiful articles, recently
 received from Bristol, Biidgwater and Man
 chester, England, and Cork, Ireland.
 M There will be music and anti-slavery ad
 dresses during the evening.—r. n.
Thomas [Simms C'laiifned to Slavery.
 Let the Heavens weep and let Hell be
 merry! Slavery h‘ii triumphed! Daniel
 Webster has at last obtained from Boston,
 tue cradle ofliberty, a living escrifice, to ap
 pease the slave God of the American Union.
 A man, guilty of no crime, and charged with
 none, has been seized at the point of the
 bayonet, and doomed to a lot more terrible
 than death. From the heights of freedom,
 he has been hurled into the depths of slavery
 to gratify three of the most infernal propensi
 ties of man’s malicious heart pride, avarice
 and revenge. Yes! we say ret'enge blood
 thirsty, murderous revenge. Had not this
 been the actuating motive, the victim might
 have been ransomed. Money could have sat-'
 isfied avarice success might have soothed
 wounded pride nothing can appease a slave
 holder’s revenge, but the torn back, and warm
 blood of his helpless victim.
 Thomas is to be made an example of; to
 deter slaves from escaping the hateful house
 of bondage. He is to be tortured for the
 amusement of his tormentois and to strike
 terror to the hearts of his trembling compan
 ions in bondage. It is Boston,- civilized, re
 fined, Christian and humane Boston, that has
 furnished this sacrifice Great God wiL
 thou not visit for these things. Wilt thou
 'not be avenged on such a nation as this?
 Amid the deep distress and anguish which
 this sad occunence has brought us, there are
 points of consolation connected with it, which.,
 while they do not help the man now on the
 jiu slavery, serve to mitigate the
 disheartening effect of his surrender. He
 was carried off to slavery, yet not with ease.
 He was overcome; yet not without a strug
 gle, both on his own part, and on the part of
 his friends. As soon as he found himself m
 the hands of a legalized kidnapper, he drew
 out hia knife, and stabbed the villain, al
 though not fatally. Overcome by superior
 force, he was imprisoned in the Court-House,
 to prevent a rescue on’the part of his friends.
 The temple of justice, was literally surrounded
 by chains and bayonets.
 The horrid men-hunters only escaped a
 deserved death by the precaution oi never
 allowing themselves io walk forth in broad
 day-light unprotected by an armed police, and
 the government, (strong and mighty as it is,)
 did not even venture to confront the burning
 indignation of the travelling public of New
 England, by taking the innocent man in fet
 ters, by the usual travelling conveyances
 through the land but, under cover of night,
 (like a band of piiatea on the coast of Africa,)
 they hurried their victim oil to the lonely sea;
 sunounded by hired ruffians armed to the
 teeth, and lest day-light should find them in
 the haibor of Boston, they were towed away
 from the sight of humanity, by a steamer pio
 vided for the purpose.
 These, and many other circumstances,
 which we have not space to natrate, more than
 slightly relieve the dark transaction of its dis
 heartening effect upon those who had fondly
 hoped that Boston, at least, would escape the
 damning infamy of returning a man to sla
 very, under the horrible provisions of the new
 Fugitive Slave Law.
 For our part, shocked and sorrow stricken
 as we are at the recapture of Thomas
 Simms, we can confess to no surprise nor
 disappointment at this result. From the
 first, we believed, (and we declared that be
 lief, even when the Fugitive- Slave Bill was
 first intioduced into the Senate by Mr. Ma
 son of Virginia,) that the law, if once en
 acted, would never want villains to execute
 it. If we are surprised at alt, it is that so
 strong a demonstration was made in Boston
 against its execution. It is gratifying to be
 lieve that nothing but the utter fruitlesness of
 any attempt to rescue Thomas Simms pre
 vented bis friends from rushing through the
 bristliug bayonets of his captors, to liberate
 him.
 The government, however, had their plans
 too well adjusted to make any such onset
 successful. The sole hope that we have of
 defeating the execution of the Fugitive Slave
 Law, (while it remains a law,) is grounded
 in the belief that there are a few fugitives still
 remaining to be recaptuied whose regard for
 their own lives and the lives of others, wilj
 not be bo strong as to hinder their shooting
 dead any legalized robber who shall lay hand
 upon them.
 The work, to be done successfully, must be
 done instantly there must be no parleying.
 As soon as a man knows that there is a war
 rant out for him, he should place himself with
 in his castle, and perish in his own defence, it
 need be. In these troublous times, no colored
 man should be without arms in his house, if
 not upon his person. The having of weapons
 is of some consequence, and will inspire the
 .disposition to use them when the time comes.
 IA law that cannot be executed but by expo
 sing the officers authorized to execute it to
 deadly peril, cannot long stand.—r. u.
ID 3 We have the pleasure to lav befoie
 our readers another interesting letter from W.
 Wells Brown. We rejoice to find our friend
 still persevering in the pursuit of knowledge,
 and slill more do we rejoice to find such
 maiked evidence of his tapid progress as his
 several letters afford. But a few years ago,
 he was a despised, degraded, whip-scarred
 slave, knowing nothing of letters and now
 we find him writing accounts of his travels in
 a distant land, of which a man reared under
 the most favorable educational advantages
 might be proud. Would to God that the
 noble example of William Wells Brown were
 more widely copied among tbose who escape
 from slavery. His noble aim, his untiring
 industry, hia unquenchable zeal, and his
 manly fortitude under afflicting trials, are
 worthy of all imitation. We have many pri
 vate assurances from England of the value of
 Mr. Brown’s labors in the cause of freedom
 and humanity, and are most happy to find
 that the weapons which have been used here
 for his destruction, have not prevailed there.—
 r. n.
IT3* The rescue trials in Boston are to com
 mence on Tuesday, April 39th. The follow
 ing persona have been arraigned Jas. Scott,
 Joseph K. Hayes, Elizur Wright, Robert
 Morns, Thomas P. Smith, John F. Colburn,
 Lewis Hayden.
Music for the Insane. —The Nightengale
 Minstrels, who are soon to mil this city,
 recently entertained the inmates of the Utica
 Insane Asylum with one ot their concerts
 At the close, a vote of thanks was passed
 by the large audience of patients, and an em
 broidered cap presented to ‘‘Miss Fanny,”
 the lady vocalist of the troupe.
Anti-Slavery Meeting.
 On Monday evening, aa already announced,
 our Anti-Slavery Meeting, for the week
 commenced.
 The Rev. Dr. Mills having opened the
 meeting with prayer.
 The Rev, Mr. May said,
 Ladies and Gentlemen of Toronto:—My
 position on this platform may seem, at firal
 sight, an awkward, perhaps an unbecoming
 one. 1 stand here, in the presence of the
 people of another nation, to speak of the
 great unrighteousness of my own and to
 aak of you assistance to overthrow one of
 the institutions of my country. But I am a
 minister of the Christian Religion and I
 presume that all whom I have the pleasure
 to see before me profess, and feel respect
 for the doctrines, commandments, example of
 Jesus Christ. You will not, I trust, deny his
 authority. He teaches us that humanity is more
 to be regarded than|no/iona/»/y. Indeed, in
 fidels have cast it at him as a reproach, that
 he does not inculcate patriotism. ’Tis tiue
 his commandment is not thou shalt love thy
 countryman better than any one else, but
 thou shalt love every man—thy neighbor,
 as thyself. When asked, “who is my neigh
 bur,” he points the Jewish inquirer to a Sa
 maritan, a man belonging to a nation of all
 others abhorient to the Jews. Thus the
 anointed of God, the Savior of the world,
 ptonounces his condemnation of all reserve
 jimt aliamtiaii al f.U——"FITCH, OtTUUIC ol their
 national or religious differences. Surely then,
 there should be none of this alienation or re
 serve between us, Englishmen and Ameri
 cans, who like kindred drops can so easily
 mingle into one. There should be no reserve
 between us, who have the same ancestry,
 who speak the same language, read the same
 books, have the same Bible, worship the
 same God. Especially between us, Canadians
 and Americans, should there be no reserve
 on a subject affecting our common humanity,
 and our common inheritance in the westein
 world. We who have joint possession ol
 tho same Continent, who live in juxtaposition
 —separated from each only by an invisible
 line drawn upon the ever-moving waters;
 we who use hourly the same river and lakes as
 a common thoroughfare, and are daily crossing
 and recrossing them, in the ttansaclions of
 business and the interchanges of social life.
 (Cheers.) We surely ought to be free, frank,
 faithful and friendly in the the expression of
 our opinions, on a subject regarding the in
 alienable rights ot man and should be ex
 pected to co-operate heartily for the common
 good of humanity. We may live as long as
 we please under separate Governments but
 we cannot please to have entirely separate in
 terests, nor separate our interests, if we should
 please. The new postage arrangements are
 mutually convenient to you, and to us.
 (Cheers.) If the Welland Canal shall be
 closed to us, we alone shall not be the suf
 ferers. (Cheers.) Reciprocal free trade is
 as desirable to you Canadians, as it is to us
 Americans. And if our infernal Fugitive
 Slave Law shall be enforced, your shores
 will be inundated by penniless men, women
 and children, who must fly to you for pro
 tection and for bread. Nor can you prevent
 their coming nor can you refuse to take the
 strangers in, unless you choose rather to de
 ny Christ, to repudiate your humanity, and
 throw open these fair realms of the British
 Queen, to be also the hunting ground of
 Southern Isave-catchers. (Hear hear.)
 Canadians, you cannot if your would avoid
 being implicated with us, either in opposing,
 or else in favoring the fugitive slave law.
 Choose then this day whom you will serve,
 God or the Devil. Already has the proposal
 been made, that you should strike hands with
 our slaveholding oligarchy. A recent To
 ronto paper stales that it has “recived a letter
 from Chatham, complaining that the coun
 try ia that vicinity is being inundated with
 negroes from the United States,” and mak
 ing the following significant suggestion,
 “might not a further influx of negroes be
 prevented, and reciprocal free trade be obtained
 by our agreeing to give up fugitive slaves l
 Undoubtedly the good that writer desires
 might be easily obtained, undoubtedly the
 evil which that writer deprecates might be
 averted, on the conditions named but are you
 ready to comply with those conditions 1 Hear
 me, ye men, ye Britons, ye Christians of
 Canada! are you ready to agree, that you will
 give up fugitives from slavery? No. Are
 you ready to renounce the most glorious
 distinction of your mother land T to say that
 yours shall not be like English soil No.
 That slaves may breathe in Canada; that though
 they touch your country, their shackles shall
 not fall? No! no! Are you ready thus to
 renounce the glory of Englishmen to tarnish
 the fair fame of Britain’s Queen to disown
 your allegiance to the noblest principle of your
 Royal Government? No! no! That would
 be a separation from the British Empire to be
 indeed deplored that would be annexation
 to the United Siates with a vengeance—yes,
 with the vengeance of insulted Heaven! But
 it is for you to choose—Christ or Belial!
 the freedom of England or the despotism of
 America. (Hear, heat.)
 i There must be some, perhaps many, in this
 Province ready for the bargain, diaboli
 cal though it be. Newspapers are pretty
 good thermometers of the public warmth or
 coldness. Editors ‘do not often advocate whal
 they know will be offensive to their patrons,
 Already, then, are you contaminated by yout
 social, ecclesiastical and commercial inter
 course with my country. Hear how an Ame
 rican Editor comments upon the piopoeet
 annexation of Canada to the slaveholding in
 teresu of the United States. “So it seemi
 after all,” says the Rochester Republican o
 Apri![3d, “that these boasted British lover, o
 liberty, equality and philanthropy, are read]
 to be exchanged for trade in cotton and breai
 stuffs.” “The white population of Canada
 he continues, “will soon become aware o
 their theoretical philanhropy, when they fim
 themselves likely to be equalled or outnum
 bered by a race, whose nature, habits anc
 character are so little congenial to their own
 Their loye of the negro will vanish, with tha
 distance, which gives enchantment to th&lt;
 view.”
 la it not time for you Canadians, to con
 aider your danger and your duty The lep
 rosy of slavery ia seen to be among you. I
 will spread throughout your body politic, i
 timely measures be not taken to eradicate it
 But say you, the Abolitionists of Americt
 have come here, and aak us to take part wit)
 them in overthrowing a “peculiar institution’
 of their country. That ia true; And tbs
slaveholders, or thtir emissaries, cotne here
 and demand that you shall help them to up
 hold that “peculiarinstitution.” Now, which
 will you do? Yosr interference is invoked,
 on the one hand as well as on the other. You
 cannot long remain passive and neutral.
 Choose, yos must this day, or on day,
 not far distant. A nd can it be a matter of
 indifference to you, on which side you throw
 your mflumce* with Which party you co
 operate? Will it be equally well, think you,
 in the sight of God, whether you decide in
 favor of the oppressor or in favor of the op
 pressed? Will it be equally honorable to
 your humanity and your religion, whether
 you insist that your country shall still, and
 forever, be the refoge of the fugitive or the
 hunting ground ot his pursuer? Answer this
 question now—for you are more likely to
 answer it as you ought to day, than you will
 be if you tamper with it and parley about it
 a year. (Hear, h«W.)
 Slavery is a monster of so frightful mien,
 That to He hated, needs but to be seen.
 Yet seentoo oft, familiar with her face,
 We first endure, then pity, then embrace.
 So it has been with us, on the other side
 of the nairow firth” that divides us. So it
 will be wife you: for ye r are men of like
 passions, of like infirmities with ourselves.
 Our northern political parlies have made one
 compromise after another with the. slave
 power, until at last they have agreed, that
 —o strait tjecornt- tnimers Ol men—aye, blood
 hounds, if our masters please. They have
 effected their devilish purpose, proffering us
 certain advantages, in return for our subser.
 viency. And they now are plying you with
 the aame tempting bribea. Be not too sure
 that you are proof against them. You have
 much to do with New York merchants, and
 they have pined hands with slaveholders.
 Some time ago, while I was in attendance
 upon a meetng of the American Anti-Slavery
 Society in New York, a prominent merchant
 of that city slid to me, I will not question
 the good inteitions sf you abolitionists sla
 very is a goat evil, and the principles you
 announce imf all be abstractly right enough
 but, sir, we diall not allow you abolitionisls
 to succeed in your undertaking. Why, there
 are millions &lt;f dollars that are due to the
 merchants of New York from southern men,
 our security br the payment of which rests
 ultimately t|*&gt;n mortgages on slaves.”
 (Shame, shane.) Well sir,” was my re
 ply, if that Hands in the way, we shall not
 care if you losi it all. You deserve to lose
 it all, for so implicating yourselves with the
 oppressors ot men.” (Applause.) Never
 theless, this has been, and is a serious bar
 rier to the progress of our cause.
 It is obvious, that a reciprocal free trade
 would be even more advantageous to you than
 to us, and therefore you were the first to
 propose bui it never will be allowed, much
 as you and ail iku people on our frontier de
 sire u. so long as the slavehoMing power has
 the ascendancy in our Republic unless you
 will come to taeir terms, and agree to give
 up their fugiti*e slaves.” You cannot foresee
 how soon, nor how far, they will bring you to
 acquiesce, unless you now set your face as a
 flint against tie base proposal. With yon,
 then, now is the accepted time,” now is
 the day of your salvation” from this great ini
 quity. Now declare, and let the sentiment
 go forth throughout the Province, that free
 trade or no trade with America, the foot of the
 man-hunter shall lever track our soil! (Im
 mense applause.)
 Time was—we can look back and and see
 —when we might with comparative ease have
 settled the question of slavery, in favor of hu
 manity. Twelve years after the United
 States had confederated they formed our pres
 ent Constitution. There our fathers might
 have insisted on some provision for the aboli
 tion of slavery. The struggle with two or
 three of the Southern States might have been
 severe, but it could not have lasted long, for
 a more perfect Union” was essential to the
 well-being of them all. But the northern
 members consented to a compromise, implied
 if not expressed; and through that loop hole
 all our subsequent troubles have crept in. In
 1803, the vas’ territory of Louisiana was pur*
 chased, and annexed, without any proviso
 against the perpetuity of slavery.
 In 1819, the great controversy arose on the
 admission of Mwsouii but it resulted in the
 fatal compromise proposed and carried by the
 influence of H«nry Clay. Let him have the
 glory and the shame! Then followed at al
 most regular intervals, successive steps down
 ward, into that depth of perdition, where we
 are now walfiwing. The war with the
 Florida Indians* because they harbored runa
 way slaves, wal carried on at great expense
 for several years, and was brought to such a
 close as the slaveholders desired, in 1835.
 The annexation of Texas was next perpe
 trated. That brought on the war and con
 quest of Mexico. And the climax of our ini
 quity was capped by the enactment of the
 Fugitive Slave Law. The very men, who
 have been active in proci ring the passage of
 that most wickrsd Bill—and are now exerting
 themselves, without sparing of time or money
 to enforce its requirements upon us—some of
 those very men were foremost in their opposi*
 tion to the admission of Missouri as a Slave
 State, and to the annexation of Texas. Yes,
 Daniel Webster, who was the leader of our
 anti-slavery host in 1819, did more than any
 other man to procure the enactment of the Fu
 gitive Slave. Law in 1850, and is as much en
 titled to the gloty of that act, as Henry Clay
 is to the honor of being the father of the Mis
 souri Compromise. Learn from our sad ex
 perience, to withstand the beginning of evil
 (Hear, hear.) If you yield now to the de
 mands of the sla\eholders’ power; if you
 make any corapromiae of the right; if, for
 the sake of free trade and a more piofitable
 commercial intercourse with America, you
 consent to exclude the fugitives from youi
 •holes, there is no depth in this iniquity intc
 which you may not fall, as we have done. In
 deed this very first step, which you are called
 upon to take, will be into the lowest deep
 For if you consent to send back the fugilivf
 into the hell of American slavery, I know noi
 what else you will need to do, to make yot
 as bad as we have become. (Hear, hear
 hear.)
 And if you do not consent to this, you raaj
 be,'as the writer from Chatham apprehends
 you may be overrun by the poor victims oi
 our Republican Despotism- Thousands whe
 have been livißg in security iu the free States,
 are now turning their eyes to Canals, as the
 only place of refuge. It is not unlikely that
 they may come io upon you in each numbers
that, with all your hospitality, you cannot en
 teitain them with all your abundance, you
 cannot supply their wants; with all your un
 cultivated lands, you cannot find them employ
 ment.
 It behooves you, then, now to unite—indeed,
 it is a matter of necessity, that you should
 unite with the Anti-Slavery men and women
 of America, in withstar.ding the operation of
 a I aw, and the institution from which it ema
 nates, that threatens you with an inundation
 of the poor and the needy, for whom you can
 not provide—-or else will persuade you to
 foreswear your anli-s avery principles re
 nounce your humanity deny your Savior;
 and defy the Almighty. (Hear, hear.) Oh
 Canadians let me entieat you to stand firm
 in the trial hour. Let it be your pride and
 joy that you are Englishmen—the subjects ol
 a government, that will not tolerate slavery.
 Slaves cannot breathe in England their lungs
 Receive your air, that moment, they re free;
 Tliey touch your country *®d th e 'r shackles (all.
 Tliat’s noble ami bespeaks a nation proud
 And jealous of the blessing. Spread it then,
 And let it circulate through every vein
 Of all your Empire—that where Britain’s power
 Is felt, maukind may feel her mercy too.”
 Dut some of you, Canadians, 1 fear, have
 learnt so much of the pro-slavery logic of my
 countrymen, that you are ready to say lo me,
 Ah, your American Union was based and it
 now stands upon compromise, fidelity to
 which demand* y»u» *k»*
 cursed law. Y T ou have entered into the com
 pact, and you are bound to keep it. Come
 not here then, and ask us to help you to do,
 what you yourselves ought not to do.” Are
 you satisfied of the soundness of the summary
 reasoning which is supposed to force upon us
 this hoirible conclusion 1 Do you believe,
 that men can be bound by any agreement
 they may make lo do wrong 7 if men enter
 into a bargain to rob their fellow-beings of all
 their rights; to outrage all the feelings and
 affections of humanity and lo trample upon
 the laws of a just God, are they not under
 a higher obligation to break them, than to
 keep the compact? Surely so—unless man
 has a right, and power withal to dethrone the
 Almighty. Much less, then,can the men of
 our generation make a covenant with death
 and an agreement with hell,” and impose
 upon their posterity the obligations to fulfil it.
 But I affirm the fathers of our Republic
 never meant to perpetuate slayery. The lan
 guage of the Constitution does not require
 such an interpretation, though 1 confess with
 shame it lias generally received that interpre
 tation. Those who heard me last evening,
 were informed what out fathers did, and with
 what expectation they did it. Far be from
 them the suspicion of having intended to make
 our great Republic the most shameless des
 potism in the middle of the 19th century
 The disastrous consequences of the conces
 sions to slavery, which they did make, are a
 solemnly emphatic admonition to all men
 never even in appearance, to compromise the
 right. (Hear, hear, hear.) I would that I
 had time to give you the history of our Amer
 ican Constitution but 1 am as impatient
 as you are to hear my noble friend, Mr.
 Thompson, whose surpassing eloquence ik
 the delight of all who listen to it—and whose
 unsparing, self-sacrificing devotion to all the
 humanities of the age, entitle him to the ad
 miration of the world, which he may not re
 ceive while he lives, for men seldom find out
 their greatest benefactors until they are dead,
 but will secure to him that commendation from
 the Eternal Judge, mote to be desired than
 the praise of all mankind. "Well done, good
 and faithful servant, enter thou into the joy of
 thy Lord.”
 I will detain you therefore but a few min
 utes more—only long enough to answer an
 other objection to the action of the Abolition
 ists, often urged on the other side of Ontario,
 and which some people on this side of our
 beautiful Lake regard as having weight.
 It is said that if the Abolitionists had not in
 terfered, the oppressions of the enslaved
 would have been lighter, and his final deliv
 erance nearer at hand. This statement is in
 every particular untrue. I shall expose
 its falsity only in one respect. The people of
 the North —of the free Stales—did not move
 in the cause of the enslaved, until their atten
 tion was called to them by the slaveholders
 themselves.
 Iu 1817, was formed the Colonization So
 ciety. Its earliest members were principally
 slaveholders; its prominent officers were
 slaveholders; its most zealous advocates were
 slaveholders; Henry Clay of Kentucky was
 among its founders, and soon became its
 President, and continues to be so at this day.
 That society—the real design of which was
 to increase the security of slaveholding, by
 removing to Africa the free people of color—
 commended itself to the favor and co-operation
 of the people of the Northern States, by re
 presenting its tendencies to improve the con
 dition of the enslaved, and ultimately emanci
 pate them. Eloquent agents were sent
 amongst us, who kept out ot sight the real
 intentions of the Society, and plied us only
 with such appeals as were adapted to wake
 up our sympathies for the bondmen. The
 horrors of slavery were depicted to us with
 no neutral tints. The coloring was often as
 high as the picture would bear. Thousands
 who now are abolitionists were col jnizationists
 first. I joined that Society at an early period,
 and was the principal agont in the forma
 tion of an auxiliaiy in the county where I re
 sided.
 William Lloyd Garrison, that man, whose
 name is hereafter to be honored so long as a
 page of American history is extant, became a*
 member in 1825, and soon distinguished him
 self by his ability and zeal in the cause. In
 1829, he delivered before the Massachusetts
 auxiliary, their annual address to as large an
 audience as could convene in Park Street
 Church, Boston, then one of the most capa
 cious rooms in that City. He was admired
 for his ability, loved for his enthusiastic be
 nevolence, and urged forward in his labors for
 the relief of our suffering countrymen, by
 the hearty sympathy that was expressed by
 those who hesid him. He was then the ed
 itor of a paper in Vermont. Soon after he
 was invited by Benjamin Lundy, (of whom 1
 wish I bad time to speak,) a devoted, self sac
 rificing man, to assist him in conducting an
 anti-slavery paper, which he had succeeded
 by his indomitable perseverance in establish
 ing in Baltimore. The paper was called the
 "Genius of Universal Emancipation.” A sou)
 like Mr. Garrison’s could not withhold itself
 from such a call of duty. He went to Balti
 more, still a member of the Colonization So
 ciety, tupponog.be was going to labor iu it*
behalf. Soon the productions of his fervid pen
 attracted the attention, and disturbed ote re
 poee of the slaveholding community about
 him. When, in consequence of an article in
 his paper exposing and condemning without
 stint the conduct of a Northern Captain, who
 had taken on board his ship a cargo of slaves
 from the New Orleans inaiket, Mr. Gar
 rison was arrested as a disturber of the peace
 —tried, condemned, and thrown into prison,
 till he should pay z heavy fine, wholly be
 yond his means. There he remained thirteen
 weeks, when Mr. Arthur Tappan. of New
 York, one of the most bountiful givers our
 country or the world ever knew, came for
 ward, paid his fine of $lOOO, and sundry costs
 amounting to hundreds more, snd set the no
 ble prisoner free. his way back to Bos
 ton, he was cordially greeted and encouraged
 in his work by several gentlemen of New
 York; and especially by Daniel Webster who
 happened to be there. The Captain of the
 steamboat, in which he took passage for
 Providence, counted it an honor lo have the
 young philanthropist on board, and remitted
 his passage money. Thus encouraged and
 strengthened, he came back to New England,
 to report to the people what he had seen and
 learnt of slavery, and of the piospect of its
 leimination, during his brief sojourn at the
 South. He had seen enough of slavery to
 hariow up his soul from its deepest depths,
 Ka founj awt, wUwy that flie Ovlvni£3*
 tion Society, so far from tending to the sub
 verson of that system of iniquity, was in
 tended to ensure its more quiet continuance.
 Now will you tell me he should have kept
 back the communication of the feelings of his
 gieat heart? That he ought to have sup
 pressed what he had discovered to be the teal
 design of that southern society, which was
 drawing into its treasury large contributions
 from the people of the free states, because it
 had represented itself to them as the friend of
 the slave 1 know you will not tell me so.
 He did what I am sure you would have hitn
 do. He went about trying to undeceive
 those who had been beguiied into that pro
 ject for the expatriation of the free colored
 people and doing all he could to give a
 right direction to the, labors of those who
 really desired to break the yoke of opptes
 sion and set the capiive fiee. On the Ist ot
 January, 1831, he began the publication of
 his Libeiator and then commenced that agi
 tation of this question, which has spread
 throughout out vast Republic and we trust,
 in God, it will never cease until the enslaved
 throughout the land are redeemed, disen
 thralled, arid established in the enjoyment of
 the rights and the exercise of the prerogatives
 of freemen. (Cheers.)
 You see, ihen, that we of the North are
 not responsible for the commencement of
 northern interference with southern slave
 holding. We were invited by southern men,
 urged by them to give our thoughts to the
 claims of the coloied population of our land,
 and to aid in the prosecution of a project,
 which we were assured was to result in theii
 entire emancipation. And our only fault is,
 that we have looked into the matter farther
 than the colonizationisls intended we should
 have come to feel more sincerely and dpeply
 for the slaves than they expected and have
 determined in good faith to accomplish a
 most desireable end, w hich they held out to
 us as the great inducement to co-operate
 with them in the prosecution of measures,
 w hich we discovered would defer emancipa
 tion to a day too far distant to be descried by
 mortal foresight.
 But here you will tell me, that the conflict
 in my country has become so fearful, that a
 dissolution of the Union seems to you inevit
 able, if we abolitionists do not desist, give
 back, and allow the slaveholders and their
 abettors to have their own way. And what,
 let. me ask, will be the consequences, if we do
 throw down the weapons of our moral war
 fare, and give up the millions that are en
 slaved to hopeless bondage I will answer
 the question for you. And I will answer it
 in the words of another, one of the greatest
 men of our country; the third President of our
 Republic; the man who adopted the Declara
 tion of our Independence. In his notes on
 Virginia, President Jefferson said. The
 day of Emancipation must come. If it come
 not by the generous energies of our own
 minds, it will come through the awful pro
 cesses of St. Domingo, servile, and civil
 war.” 1 quote the passage -from memory
 Slavery cannot, will not be endured forever.
 One hour of such oppression outweighs whole
 ages of that from which our fathers levelled.
 It must be abolished, by peaceful or by vio
 lent means. The hour will come, and when
 it comes, the Almighty has not the attribute
 that can take part with us in such a conflict.
 I tremble for my country, (he adds) I tremble
 for my country, when I reflect that God is
 just, and that his justice cannot sleep forever.”
 The membeia of the American Anti-Sla
 very Society, are the truest friends of our
 Republic, the best friends of the Union, it it
 can be made what its founders declared it
 should be. Our oppressors indeed continu
 ally tell us that the Union will be dissolved
 if we insist upon the abolition pf slavery;
 and we as continually reply, then let it be
 dissolved. Fiat Justitia, Ruat ccelum.
 Let justice be done, though the heavens
 fall.” This was said ages ago—said by a
 heathen, and it has always been quoted as
 the highest expression of a lofty morality.
 If a heathen then could say, let justice be
 dona though the heavens fall, sorely an
 American Christian should not fear to say,
 let justice be done though the Union fall
 nor should he be reproached for saying so,
 except by Atheists and ungodly men, whose
 reproach is praise. (Great cheering.)
 Got Union now exists but in name no men
 have thB freedom of our country, who are not
 friends of slavery. Any one who is even sus
 pected of leaning to the side of impartial lib
 erty, is unsafe in one half of our Republic.
 Aa well would it be fur the miner lo descend
 into the etnh, into the midst of the fire
 damp, without the wire gauze about his
 lamp, as for a friend of humanity to go into
 our slavebolding States, without a padlock on
 hit lips. Many men have been lynched”
 there, only on the suspicion of abolitionism.
 What is that Union to us, which we cannot
 enjoy only by tenouncing our humanity 1
 Tbe opposers of oppression and unright
 eousness are the only true friends of a Union
 of our American States, for they alone would
 extirpate that which has been, from the first,
 working oui Dissolution. It is slavery that
 has eaten out the cement of the American
 Union and it is idle to talk of there being
any union between liberty and slavery. If
 my country cannot stand but upon the necks
 of three millions of our fellow-men, it ought
 not to stand, it will not stand. 1 have often
 •aid this on the other side of the Lake, and I
 am not afraid to say it here. I have boon
 called traitor for uttering the thought. The
 only answer I can care to make to this accu
 sation is, If it be treason lo bate and op
 pose slavery, lam a traitor. I mean to be a
 traitor to my country, if she can become the
 ruthless tyrant, which a general obedience to
 the fugitive slave law would make her.”
 The Abolitionists, ’tis true, have under
 taken to revolutionize America; and they
 earnestly call on you to help them but it is
 a revolution to be effected by moral means.
 "Our principles lead us lo reject, and to entreat
 the oppressed to reject the use of all car
 nal weapons for deliverance from bondage
 relying upon those which are spiritual, and
 mighty through God ts the pulling down of the
 strongholds of Satan.” We mean to oae
 only the sword of truth. If ever we resort to
 any other measures, it will be because we
 have not faith and coutage enough to adhere
 to our avowed principles. Hitherto all that
 we have done in tbe cause oflibeity, has been
 effected, by faithful exposures of the abomina
 tions of our southern prison houses; earnest
 expostulations with all who are making mer
 chandize of men, and treating them as if they
 were domesticated brutes; unsparing rebukes
 of those at the north who, because of their
 mercantile and ecclesiastical connections with
 the south, are apologizing for slaveholders,
 upholding them in their wickedness, misrep
 resenting and persecuting the men who are
 laboring only to bring them to repentance
 affectionate entreaties to those who unin
 tentionally and perhaps unconsciously are
 strengthening the hands of oppressors and
 solemn warnings to all who directly or indi
 rectly ate giving support to slavery, which
 outrages humanity, and sets God at defiance.
 If it is with these weapons we have fought
 hitherto have roused the slumbering
 pricked the consciences of many who had sup
 posed themselves to be among the righteous
 routed hosts of the apologists ar,d retainers
 of slaveholders goaded to nud.ness the un
 principled. who were at ease iu their ill-gotten
 possessions brought the political parties into
 new alliances—now with us—now with each
 other, so that, few know where they belong
 and tbeir strength is weakened by divisions,
 and by distrust of their own we have so
 battered the ecclesiastical bulwarks, behind
 which slaveholders had entrenched themselves
 that these enemies of man feel no longer se
 cure there, where used to be their strong
 hold lastly, we have assailed the legislatures
 of our states, and the Congress of the Union,
 making the halls of each the fields of many a
 hard-fought battle. (Cheers,) So that now
 the whole power of our nation is combined*
 against us, and in the madness of those who
 are destined to destruction, the leaders of the
 public policy have committed themselves to
 a measure —the Fugitive Slave Law—which
 must bring to our aid the moral indignation e?
 the civilized world. (Great applause.)
 These have been the weapons of our war
 fare, and these ate some of the effects wa
 have already produced. Surely we may in
 vite you, Canadians, to take part with us iiw
 such a warfare even against our own country
 and you may accept our invitation and dt#
 great execution in the service, without show
 ing yourselves to be enemies, but friends ra
 ther, of America—"He loves my country
 who would make her free.”
 We have not come here to ask your red
 coats to assist us. Let them stay where they
 are and our prayer shall ever be, that they
 may never be called to any more actual ser
 vice, than to parade your streets, and keep up
 the show of protection. (Hear hear.)
 We want your black coats to help U 8 ere
 summon them to our aid, we call U p on them
 all the more earnestly because so many ol the
 ministers of religion in out country have de
 serted the standard of the cross—have sbowff
 themselves traitors to Christ. Most of the
 pulpits in America have been, and still are,
 silent in the cause of the slave. Many of
 them have turned their artillery against it.
 Few have done the execution, that they mighti
 and ought to have done. O.then, ministers of
 Christ in|Canada, help us Pray for the slave;
 that God would raise up many to espouse
 his cause. Preach in his behalf—expose the
 enormity of the wrong that he suffers, who
 is held and treated as a piece of property
 and plead for his deliverance. Show your
 hearers what they may, and ought to do, foe
 those who are in bonds any whete, especially
 for those in a country allied to you by so
 many ties, social and ecclesiastial, and placed
 so near, that your interests and ouro are al
 most one.
 You, who do not occupy the pulpit, may
 often send or carry the truth on this subject,
 where the preacher does not go. in your
 continual intercourse with the people of my
 country, in matters of business or pleasure,
 you may often have opportunities lo speak
 with effect in hehalf of liberty and right. Im
 prove those opportunities, and you will be
 helping to form that public sentiment, whicho
 is the poweT that rules America.
 You who wield the pen for the newspapers
 of Canada, give to it a point and directive,
 that it shall reach, what other weapor. 3 0 f
 state cannot touch, the consciences of rr,y coun
 trymen. Many of my countrymen once were
 yours. But alas they left their anti-slavery
 zeal behind them. O, then, we pray you, do
 what you may to revive tbeir former faith in
 the right—their former love of the slave. Let
 every mail that leaves your shores bear some
 message of admonition, or remonstrance, to
 the many you must know in America, and
 who will beed your words as tbe counsels
 of old friends. Especially let your churches
 earnestly, solemnly, call on kindred churches
 in our land to be obedient unto Him, whom
 they profeta to revere as their Great Head.
 (Hear, bear.)
 This is the aid we ask from you. Wo
 have a right to demand it. It ia your duty
 to give it. Let us have a regiment, aye a
 smaller company of such helpers, and they
 •hall do ua better service than tbe mightiest
 atony that Britannia wields. Yes, give us a
 goodly company of your black coats, and
 blue coats, any other than your red coats—
 reinforced by your petticoats.
 I say not this to raise a smile for 1 wish
 earnestly, solemnly to call on tbe women of
 Canada to help ua. They can give Ds mogg,
 efficient aid. What women have dooe else
 where, women may do Uere. They haw
 often been the btat in a moral woe.

"
