"fire. Woman w» s ihe most fearless fiiend
 of the Captain of c Tir Salvation.
 “.ihe, wlf le Apo*t ie* shrank,
 Could danger brave;
 Last at It is cross and
 EarlieS at hia grave.”
 The women of ireat Britain did more even
 than the men to ac complish the overthrow of
 West India Slav ery. They held up ibeir
 hands, and encouri ged the heart of George
 Thompson, an he went through the United
 Kingdoms like a t« rch of fire, kindling evety
 where the hearti *of the benevolent into a
 flame of anti-slaver y zeal. (Cheera.) Would
 that I could ape ak as I feel of the women of
 England, Wales, I reland, and more especially
 of Scotland—and tell of what they did for
 the emancipation of West India slaves—and
 what they have dot ie. and are doing for the
 overthrow of Amer ican Slavery. (Cheers.)
 Women of Canai la, come now, and do like
 wise It was a w oman l have somewhere
 tead or heard, who first aroused the immortal
 Wilberforce to lake upon himself the burden
 of the enslaved. It was a woman—Elizabeth
 Hey rick, who first announced the doctrine ol
 “immediate, not g radual emancipation; the
 duty uf the master, the right of the slave.”
 And the women iu our country have done
 mote in this cause, than any of us men, it we
 except “a precious few.”
 Women of Caul ida, I summon you to our
 aid. Pray for yc* r and my feilow beings—
 millions of them— who ate in cruel bondage,
 across these narr ow waters. Talk on this
 subject. Pour in! :o the ear of every Ameri
 can, who cornea within the reach of your
 voices, pour in entreaties, remonstrance.
 Kaep up a tenewi ng fire of epistolary corres
 pondence, that ah; ill tell in our behalf. Why
 should not every 'anti-slavery woman, in Cana*
 da, write at least one letter a week, or one a
 month, to some o: ne on the other shore 7 Oh,
 this would do gt eat execution.
 Sing anti-slavt ry songs, learn those which
 our noble poets have written or write better
 ones yourselves, and lend them the charms ol
 your voices in lb e cadences of music.
 Mr. May clow ?d with a story of a woman
 who, by singing the right tune in the “right
 time,” soon r educed to harmony a whole
 comgegation of discordant voices—and eat
 down in the m idst of great applause.
Letter fri &gt;in William W. Brown,
 Adxi phi Hotel, York, March 2G.
 Df ar Dour .lass I closed my last letter
 in the ancient town of Melrose, on the banks
 of the Tweed and within a stone’s throw of
 the celebrate d ruins from which the town
 derives its nat ne. The valley in which Mel
 rose is situat ed, and the surrounding hills,
 together wilt the Monastery, have so often
 been made t theme for the Scottish bards,
 that this has become the most interesting part
 of Scotland. Of the many gifted writers who
 have taken u; p the pen, none have done more
 to bring the I hldon Hills and Melrose Abbey
 into note, tht .n the author of Waverly. But
 one cannot r jad his writings without a regret
 that he shou Id have so woven fact and fiction
 together, th: it it is almost impossible to dis
 criminate bv tween the one and the other.
 We arriv ed at Melrose in the evening, and
 proceeded to the chapel where our meeting
 was to bfe held, and where our friends, the
 Crafts, were warmly greeted. On reluming
 Irom the meeting, we passed close by the
 ruins of Melrose, and, very fortunately, it
 was a moonlight night. There is considerable
 difference of opinion among the inhabitants of
 the place as rega.'ds the best time to view the
 Abbey. The autho* of ‘he Lay of the
 Last Minstrel,” says]
 If thou wouldst view fair' Melrose aright,
 (jo visit it by Lite pale mooi.’bgbt:
 For the gay beams of lighiaoi.’te day
 Gild but to flout the ruins gray.”
 In consequence of this admonition, I was
 informed that many persons remain in town
 to see the ruins by moonlight. Awaje that
 the moon did not send its rays upon the old
 •building every night in the year, 1 asked the
 keeper what he did on dark nights. He re
 tplied that he had a large lantern, which he
 jput upon the end of a long pole, and with
 this lie succeeded in lighting up the ruins.—
 This good man labored hard to convince ne
 that his invention was nearly if not quite as
 good as natuie’s own moon. But having no
 .need of an application of his invention to the
 Abbey, 1 had no opportunity of judging of
 its effect. I thought, however, that he had
 made a moon to some purpose, when he in
 forme 1 me that some nights, with his pole
 and lantern, he earned his fout or five shil
 lings. Not being content vith a view by
 moonlight alone,” 1 was up the next morn
 ing before the sun, and paid my respects to
 .the Abbey. I was too early for the keeper,
 and he handed me the key through the win
 dow, and 1 entered the rooms alone. It is
 one labyrinth of gigantic arches and dilapi
 dated halls, the ivy growing and clinging
 wherever it can fasten its roots, and the w hole
 as fine a picture of decay as imagination
 could create. This was the favorite resort of
 Sir Walter Scott, and furnished him much
 matter for the Lay of the Last Minstiel.”
 He could not have selected a more fitting
 place for solilaty thought than this ancient
 abode of monks and priests. In passing
 through the cloisters, I could but remark the
 carvings of leaves and flowers, wrought in
 atone in the most exquisite manner, looking
 as fiesh as if they were just from the hands
 af the aitist. The lapse of centuries seems
 not to have made any impression upon them
 or changed their appearance in the least. 1
 sat down among the ruins of the Abbey.—
 The gtound about was piled up with magnifi
 cent fragments of stone, representing various
 texts of scripture, and the quaint ideas of the
 priests and monks of that age. Scene after
 acene swept through my fancy as 1 looked
 upon the surrounding objects. I could almost
 imagine 1 saw the bearded monks going from
 hall to hall, and from cell to cel). In visiting
 these dark cells, the mind becomes oppressed
 by a sense of the utter helplessness of the
 victim who once passed over the threshhold
 and entered one of these religious prisons.—
 There was no help or hope hut in the will
 that ordered their fate. How painful it is to
 gaze upon those walls, and to think how
 many tears have been shed by their inmstes,
 when this old Monastery was in its glory. 1
 Hi ‘ended to the top of the ruin by a circuitous
 -stairv v *y» "hose stone steps were worn deep
 from a.*. ma,, y of whom, like myself, had
 Titiieg tlx. "at ‘o gratify a curiosity. From the
 lop of the .\bbey, I bad a splendid view of
 the avjnour.img hills and the beautiful valley
 through wbieh the Gaia Water and
Tweed. This is unquestionably the most
 splendid specimen of Gothic architectural ruin
 in Scotlaud. But any description of mine
 eonveys but a poor idea to the fancy. Tj be
 realized, it must be seen.
 During the day, we paid a visit to Abbots
 ford, the splendid mansion of the late Sir
 Walter Scott, Bart. This beautiful seat is
 situated on the banks of the Tweed, just be
 low its junction with the Gala Water. It is
 a drenry looking spot, and the house from the
 opposite side of the river has the appearance
 of a small, low castle. In a single day’s ride
 through England, one may see half a dozen
 cottages larger than Abbotsford House. I
 was much disappointed in finding the premises
 undergoing repairs and alterations, and that
 all the trees between the house and the river
 had been cut down. This is to be regretted
 the more, bectuse they were planted, nearly
 every one of them, by the same hand that
 waved its wand of enchantment over the
 world. The fountain had been removed from
 where it had been placed by the hands of the
 poet, to the centre of the yard and even a
 small stone that had been placed over the fa
 vorite dog Peroy,” had been taken up and
 thrown among some loose stone. One visits
 Abbotsford because of the genius of the man
 that once presided over it. Everything
 connected with the great poet is of interest to
 his tdmireis, and anything altered or removed,
 tends to diminish that interest. We entered
 the house, and weie conducted through the
 great hall, which is hung all round with mas
 sive armor of all descriptions, and other me
 morials of ancient times. The floor is of
 white and black marble. In passing through
 the hall, we entered a narrow arched room,
 stretching quite across the building, having a
 window at each end. This little or rather
 nairow room is filled with all kinds of armor,
 which is arranged with great taste. We
 weie next shown into the dining-room, whose
 roof is of black oak, richly carved. In this
 room is a painting of the head'of Queen
 Mary, in a charger, taken the day after tbs
 execution. Many other interesting portraits
 grace the walla of this room. But by far tho
 finest apartment in the building is the drawing
 room, with a lofty ceiling, and furnished with
 antique ebony furnituie. After passing thro’
 the library, with its twenty thousand volumes,
 we found ourselves in the study, and I sai
 down in the same chair where once sal the
 poet, while before me was the table upon
 which was written the Lady of the Lake,*’
 Waverly,” and other productions of this
 gifted writer. The clothes last worn by th*.
 poet were shown to us. There was the
 broad skirted blue coat, with its large buttons,
 the plaid trousers, the heavy shoes, the black
 vest and white hat. These were all in a glass
 case, and all looked the poet and novelist.—
 But the inside of the buildings had undergone
 alterations as well as the outside. In passing
 through the library, we saw a grand-daughter
 of the poet. She was from London, and was
 only on a visit of a few days. She looked
 pale and dejected, and seemed as if she
 longed to leave this secluded spot and return
 to the metropolis. She looked for all the
 world like a hot-house plant. I don’t think
 the Scotch could do better than to purchase
 Abbotsford, while it has some imprint of
 the great magician, and secure its preser
 vation, for I am sure that, a hundred years
 hence, no place will be more frequently visited
 in Scotland than the home of the late Sir
 Walter Scott. After saunteting three hours
 about the premises, I left, but not without
 feeling that I had been well paid for my
 trouble in visiting Abbotsford.
 In the afternoon of the same day, in com
 pany wilh the Crafts, 1 took a drive to Dry
 burgh Abbey. It is a ruin of little interest,
 except as its being the burial place of Scott.
 The poet lies buried in St. Mary’s Aisle.—
 His grave is in the left transept of the cross,
 j and close to where the high altar formerly
 I stood. Sir Walter Scott chose his own
 grave, and he could not have selected a sun-'
 nier spot if he had roamed the wide world
 over. A shaded window breaks the sun as it
 falls upon his grave. The ivy is creeping
 and clinging wherever it can, as if it would
 shelter tho poet’s grave ftom the weather.—
 The author lies between his wife and eldest
 son, and there is only room euough for one
 grave more, and the son’s wife has the choice
 of being buried here.
 The four o’clock train took us to Harwick;
 and after a pleasant visit in this place, and the
 people registering their names against Amer
 ican slavery, and the Fugitive Bill in particu
 lar, we set out for Carlisle, paying through
 the antique town of Long holm. After leav
 ing the latter place, we had' to travel by
 coach. But no matter how one travels here,
 he travels at a more rapid rate than in Amer
 ica. The distance from Longholme to Car
 lisle, twenty miles, occupied only two and a
 half hours in the journey. It was a cold day
 and 1 had to ride on the outside, as the inside
 had been taken up. We changed horses,
 and took in and put out passengers with a
 rapidity which seems almost incredible. The
 road was as smooth as a mirrior.
 We bid farewell to Scotland, as we reached
 the little town ot Gretna Green. This town
 being on the line between England and Scot
 land, is noted as the place where a little
 cross-eyed, red-faced blacksmith, by the name
 of Priestly, first set up his own altar to Hy
 men, and married all who came to him, with
 out regard to rank or station, and at prices to
 suit all. it was worth a ride through this
 pait of the country, if for no other purpose
 than to see the town where more clandestine
 marriages have taken place than in any other
 port in the world. A ride of eight or nine
 miles brought us in sight of the Eden, wind
 ing its way slowly through a beautiful valley,
 with farms on either side, covered with sheep
 and cattle. There are four very tpll chim
 neys, sending forth dense columns of black
 smoke, announcing to us that we were near
 Carlisle. 1 was really glad of this, for
 Ulysses was never more tiled of the shores of
 llion than 1 of the top of that coach.
 We remained over night at Carlisle, par
 taking of the hospitality of the prince of
 bakers, and left the next day for the Lakes,
 wheie we bad a standing invitation to pay a
 visit to a distinguished iterary lady. A cold
 ride of about fifty miles brought os to the
 foot of Lake Windermere, a beautiful aheet
 of water, surrounded by mountains that
 seemedrto vie with each other which should
 approach nearest the sky. The msrgin of the
 lake is carved out and built up into terrace
 above terraee, until the slopes and windings
 bt e lost ia the snow-capped pealu of the
 mottotaine. It if not apprising that such
i men as Southey, Coleridge, Wordsworth and
 others, resorted to this region for inspiration.
 5 After a coach ride of five miles, (passing on
 our journey the Dove’s Nest,” home of the
 late Mrs. Heman3,) we were put down at the
 door of the Salutation Hotel, Ambleside, and
 r a few minutes after found ourselves under the
 s roof of the authoress of Society in Amer
 ica.” 1 know not how it is with others, but
 for my own part, I always form an opinion of
 an author whose writings I am at all familiar
 with, or a statesman whose speeches I have
 read. 1 had pictured in my own mind a tall,
 stately-looking lady of about sixty years, as
 the authoress of Travels in the East,” and
 for once I was right, with the single excep
 tion that I had added on too many years by
 twelve. The evening was spent in talking
 about the United States; snd William Craft
 had to go through the narrative of his escape
 from slavery. When I retired for the night,
 I found it almost impossible to sleep. The
 idea that I was under the roof of the author
 es of the “Hour and the Man,” and that
 was on the banks of the sweetest lake in
 Great Britain, within half a mile of the resi
 dence of the late aoet Wordsworth, drove sleep
 from my pillow. But 1 must leave an account
 ot my visit to the Lakes for a future letter.
 When 1 look around and see the happiness
 here, even among the poorer classes, and that
 100 in a country where the soil is not at all to
 be cotnpareu with our own, 1 mourn fur our
 downtrodden countrymen, who are plundered,
 oppressed, and made chattels of, to enable an
 ostentatious aristocracy to vie with each other
 in splendid extiavagance.
 1 am holding meetings, in company with the
 Ciafts, on the Fugitive Slave Law, and we
 also hope to get up an interest against the
 slaveholders who may make their appearance
 at the great Exhibition. But of this, more in
 my next. Until then, belive me to be
 Yours, right truly,
 WM. W. BROWN.
Horace Mann’s Speech.
 We are indebted to lion. Horace Mann for
 a copy of his speech on the Fugitive Slave
 Law. delivered in the House, on February
 28, ’5l. Thi following account of the pas
 sage of the bill should be held in remem
 brance
 When several of those measures were
 passed, and particularly when one of the
 most obnoxious and criminal of them all was
 Eassed— I mean the fugiiive slave bill—this
 [ouse was not a deliberative body. Delibera
 tion was silenced. Those who knew they
 could not meet our arguments, choked their
 utterance The previous question, which was
 originally devised to curb the abuse of too
 much debate, was perverted to stop all debate.
 The floor was assigned to a known friend of
 the bill, who after a brief speech in palliation
 of its enormities, moved the previous question;
 and thus we were silenced by force, instead of
 being oveicome by argument. For, sir, J
 aver, without fear of contradiction, that the
 bill never could have become a law, had its
 opponents been allowed to debate it, or to
 propose amendments to it.”
 The right to discuss the bill he claims on
 this wise
 1 feel none the less inclined to discuss
 this question, because an order has gone forth
 that it shall not be discus.*ed. Discussion
 has been denounced as agitation, and then it
 has been dictatori&amp;lly proclaimed that “agita
 tion must be put down.” Sir, humble as I
 am, 1 submit to no such dictation, come from
 what quarter or from what numbers it may.
 If such a prohibition is intended to be laid
 upon me personally, I repel it. If intended
 to silence me as the representative of the
 convictions and feelings of my constituents, I
 repel it all the mote vehemently. In lhi3
 Government it is not tolerable for any man,
 however high, or for any body of men, how
 ever large, to prescribe w hat subjects may
 be agitated, and what may not be agitated.
 Such prescription is at best but a species of
 Lynch law against free speech. It is as hate
 ful as any other form of that execrable code
 and I do but express the common sentiment
 of all generous minds, w hen I say that for
 one I am all the more disposed to use my
 privilege of speech, when imperious men, and
 the sycophants of imperious men, attempt to
 ban or constrain me. In Italy, the Pope de
 cides what books may he read in Austria,
 the Emperor decides what books may be writ
 ten but we are more degraded that the sub
 jects of Pontiff or Caisar, if we are to be told
 what topics we may discuss.”
 His notions of the citizen’s obligation to
 obey this law may be gathered from tho con
 clusion
 In Hooker’s sublime description of Law
 when understood in its generic sense, he
 says:
 Of Law theie can be no less acknowledged
 than that her seat is the bosom of God, her
 voice the harmony of the world all things in
 heaven and earth do her homage, the very
 least as feeling her care, and the greatest as
 not exempted from her powets both angels
 and men, and creatures, of what condition
 soever, though each in different sort and man
 ner, yet all with uniform consent, admiring
 her as the Mother of their peace and joy.’
 Now, sir, with these glorious attributes of
 Law]” 1 say the fugitive slave law of the
 last session possesses not one quality in com
 mon, nor in similitude. To say that the seat
 of such a law isin the “bosom of God” is the
 intensest blasphemy. To say that it is the
 harmony of the world,” is to declare that the
 world is a spheie of übiquitous and omnipo
 tent wrong, uncheckered by any thought of
 justice, and devoid of any emotion of love.—
 To say that all tilings in heaven do hom
 age” to such a law, is to affirm of the realms
 of light what is true only of the realms of
 darkness. The least” do not “feel its care,”
 but tremble and wail beneath its cruelty
 while the greatest and the strongest are
 exempt from its power;” for they made it
 not for themselves but fot otheis. To no class
 of “creatuies, rational or irrational, human
 or divine, can u prove to be the Mother of
 peace and joy but wherever it extends, and
 as long as it exists, it w II continue to be an
 overflowing Marah of bil'erness and strife.
 As the great name of Hooker has been
 profanely cried in behalf of this law, I will
 close by quoting his distinction between those
 laws of haman Governments which ought to
 be obeyed, and those which ought not:
 —which laws,” says he we must
 obey, unleu there be reason shewed which may
 necessarily enforce that the law or reason
 or or God doth enjoin the contrary.”
The “Higher Law” —A Scrap of
 History.
 A vary remarkable a fair occurred in the
 year 290. A legion of soldiers containing
 0666, called the Theban Ltgion, were quar
 tered in the East, awaiting the orders of their
 Emperor to march against the rebels of
 Burgundy. About this time the Emperor
 ordered a general sacrifice to ba made, at
 which the whole army were commanded to
 be present and assist; at which time, also,
 he commanded that all the soldieia should
 bind themselves with an oath, to b« faithful
 in him in the contemplated expedition, and
 wonld personally aid him in the destruction
 of the Gaelic Christiana, against whom he
 held the greatest antipathies.
 Shocked by tbs cruelty of these orders,
 each individual of tho Theban Legion abso
 lutely refused either to sacrifice or to taka the
 oaths prescribed.
 This so enraged the Emperor, that he
 ordered every tenth imii in the legion to be
 put to the sword, Those who remained after
 this cruel order had beets executed, were still
 inflexible, and a second order was given that
1 every tenth man of the remainder of the le
 gion should be put to the sword. But this act
 of cruelty made no more impression than the
 first. The soldiers preserved their fortitude
 and their principles, and under the counsel of
 their officers, diew op a remonstrance to the
 Emperot, in which they told him:
 “We are your subjects and soldiers, but at
 the same lima we are the subjects of a ‘Higher
 Power,” and we cannot disobey the Almighty
 Ruler. We receive our pay from you, but
 we have received our existence from God.
 Whenever your commands are not contra*
 dictoiy to those of our common master, we
 shall always be ready to obey them, as we
 have been hitherto. But when the orders of
 out Prince and those of the Almighty differ,
 we must always obey the latter. Our arms
 are devoted to the Emperor's use, and shall
 be directed against his enemies, but we cannot
 submit to stain our hands with the effusion of
 •hrislian blood. And, how indeed could you,
 0 Emperor, be sure of our allegiance, should
 we violate our obligation to a Higher Power,
 in whose service wo engaged before we en
 tered your army. You commanded us to
 search out and destroy the Christians. It is
 not necessary to look further, for we are our
 a Ives chriaiians, and we gloiy in the name.
 We saw our companions die without a mur
 mur, and thought them happy in being per
 mitted to die for Christ. We will not lift our
 hand against our Sovereign we had rather
 die wrongfully, and preserve our innocence,
 than incur the guilt of obeying our Sov
 ereign’s command. Whatever you command
 we are ready to auffer.”
 Any one but a tyrant would have been
 melted under such an’appeal. But the con
 trary effect was He commanded
 the whole legion be put ti- death, and even
 sent a like order to Italy, in respect to a de
 tachment which had been drafted from them.
 The cruel order was executed on the 22d of
 September, 286, by the other troops, who, by
 command of the Emperor, fell upon them
 unresisted, and cut them to pieces with their
 swords.
 Who will sav that they were not heroic
 men, or that they did not well in obeying God
 rathet than man !—Evening Journal.
Boston Slave Case.]
 The excitement in Boston— 'the Fugitive Slave
 Case—Simms taken bad to bondage.
 Bomw, Aptil 12.
 After the decision of Judge Woodbury
 last night, that there was nc ground to inter
 fere with the certificate of Mr. Cuitis remand
 ing Sims, pieparations begaa to be made to
 convey him back. The brr» Acora had been
 hauled to the end of Long Whaif, having
 been previously fitted up fot an extra number
 of passengers.
 During the night, Court House Square
 was filled with a ciowd lo were collected
 in knots discussing the matter and occasion
 ally hooting at the officers. There were a
 number of females among them. The pro
 ceedings in and about the Court House were
 closely watch'd by the abolitionists. At
 about 3 o'clock detachments of the City
 Watch to the number of 150 arrived, with
 clubs and books, and were brought into the
 neighborhood of Court square. The Police
 force under Marshal Tukey arrived with
 short-swords, assembled is the square, went
 thtough some evolutions and finally formed
 in a hollow square in front of the side en
 trance to the Court House.
 When all was ready word was given to the
 U. S. Marshal and Simms wa3 brought down
 and placed in the center of the square. He
 appeared to be in good spirits his limbs be
 ing free from irons or haedcuffs of any des
 cription. The procession was led by the U.
 S. Marshal and his Deputies, followed by the
 armed police—they proceeded through Couit
 and State st., and down Long Wharf, fol
 by about one hundred Abolitionists among
 whom was the Rev. Mr. Calver. Not the
 least attempt at violence was made. Mr.
 Calver and other persons in the crowd oc
 casionally denounced the proceeding and
 called fnr the thunderbolts of Heaven to be
 poured down upon them.
 When the ptocession reached the Wharf
 the brig was found to be all ready, with the
 steamer Hornest along side with her steam
 up. Sims was taken immediately into the
 cabin.
 The Acorn bad two cannons on board to
 protect her from any assault on the passage.
 The word was given to let go the fastenings,
 and she was soon under way. About thirty
 police officers accompanied the vessel as fat
 as the steamer went as a protection from offi
 cers of this city, including U. S. Deputy
 Matshals Savin and Byrne, accompanying the
 Fugitive in the vessel to Savannah. Just as
 the vessel was about to leave the wharf some
 ot the crowd sang several hymns, such as
 From Greenland's icy Mountains,” “Oh
 There will be Mourning at the Judgment
 Seat of Christ.” “Be thou, Oh God, ex
 alted high.” &amp;c.
A Serious Affair.—By an article in the
 London Times, it appears that the British
 Government is fully resolved to insist upon
 such a fulfilment of its treaty as shall secure
 the protection of its colored seamen in the
 ports of the South, or upon the abrogation of
 the treaty itself. The Times says, that
 “Great Britain is absolutely committed to a
 peremptory demand” for the rights of her
 subjects. From present prospect, Messrs.
 Fillmore and Webster have a new Charybdis
 and Scyllato steer between, and Northern
 dough-faces may have new proof of our con
 cern with Slavery.
 The passage below from the debates in the
 French National Assembly, which we quote
 from the Paris Correspondence of the Inde
 pendent, shows that this question is not for
 gotten by Framae, and in what light our
 action is regarded by its statesmen.
 “A present subject of negotiation between
 the governments of England and the United
 States, has been taken up in the Assembly.
 In reply to an interrogatory from M. Schlei
 cher, representative of Guadaloupe, as the
 enrollment of men of color, General La Hitte,
 the French Minister, replied “The position
 of the French Republic has been changed by
 the abolition of slavery, and permuted us to
 speak with greater right. We have taken,
 in regard to the United States, all possible
 steps in order to surmount laws which M.
 Schoelcher has styled, with reason, barbar
 ous. Neither France nor England have been
 able to persuade the government of the
 United States to enter into the ways of civil
 ization and humanity, which we will persevere
 to march in, and to endeavor to make the
 United States enter.” This speech was ac
 cepted by the Assembly as a pledge to pur
 sue, in union with England, a vigorous
 policy in order to persuade the United States
 to abolish scandalous and offensive preten
 sions.”—-Penn. Freeman.
In Chains. —Are not the chains around the
 Court House emblematical of our present po
 sition? Chaim which even our judges are
 obliged to pass under, and which serve to
 keep respectable citizens (who have the right
 to enter the courts, and perhaps have business
 there) out, turned away, or rudely ques
 tioned by insolent officials, who have no more
 right to act than their prisoner but what are
 these chains even to those which bind the
 hearts and the consciences of so many of our
 citizens, that they suffer chains bayonets, re
 volvers, soldiers and police, to be used by this
 gieat free government, and for what? to
 crush hberty, to destroy the trial by jury and
 the rights of all men at the dictation of a aet
 of tyrants, who will only despise us and tram
 ple upon us in pioportion as we succeed in
 riveting our own obsins.
 If these deeds, if these arms, if these chains,
 which our citizens are ao ready to put on, do
 not make as contemptible hi the slaveholder’
 eyes, they are not the men vre take them to
 be.—W.— Commonwealth.
Scsvili Dew*y hat got his Due. Rev.
 Orville Dewey, D. D., has been appointed
 chaplain in the navy—a fit reward for his pio
 slavery speeches. —A 8. Bugle.
Decision of the Slave Covet, —At the
 opening of the Court on Friday morning,
 Commissioner Curtis delivered his oppinion,
 sustaining the constitutionality of the Fugitive
 Slave Act, and gianting a certificate to the
 claimant, to take away hia “property.” The
 prisoner was remanded to the custody of the
 Marshal, to await the decision of Judge Wood
 bury upon the writ of habeas corpus, at 3
 o’clock.
 Simms to be Sent Bace.— We learn that
 the hounds obtained a final grasp upon their
 prey yesterday. Alter the hearing yesterday
 afternoon Judge Woodbury decided that the
 U S. criminal process should take precedence
 of tbe'State process, and Lunt, as we under
 stand it, is left to choose hia own time to
 bring SimMs to trial, which of course will not
 be before he leaves the State. Accordingly
 to day it may by expected that the Negro
 Catchers will move through Boston streets to
 consign a free man to the fetters and whips
 of slavery—a deed of villany occomplished at
 the expense of all Christian precepts, of all
 manly and generous sentiments, of all princi
 ples of civil liberty, of State laws, Gospel
 laws, and laws decency. It will certainly
 he an edifying sight. It will reflect such
 honor on our State Judiciary, and such credit
 tipon the cnurch which approves of it, and
 cast such a halo of glory abnat Boston and
 such a radiance upon the whig party !—Essix
 County Freeman.
Daniel Webster.— flow different from
 the course of Mr. Webster w»s that of the
 younger Pitt, when he refused to accept a
 hundred thousand pounds from the merchants
 of London, poor and embarrassed as he was,
 because he would not lay himself under pecu
 niary obligation* to any one class of his fel
 low-subjects! How different that of Mr.
 Clay, who refused a similar offer from mer
 chants of New York, when it was under
 stood that his circumstances made his accept
 ance of the Department of State under Mr,
 Adams an imprudent measure! Though
 deeply affected by the offer, he declined it, on
 the ground that he could not consent, as a
 public man, to stand in such a relation to any
 portion of his fellow-citizens.—Wicked as
 Vlr. Clay’-e assertion has been in the matter of
 slavery, and heavy as will be the account he
 will have to settle with posterity for the
 crimes he has helped largely to entail upon
 them, he must be allowed the credit of having
 mainiained his own personal self-respect, and
 understood what was due to his own public
 character. In this respect, as in all others,
 (except'forensic skill,) the Southern Slave
 holder is entitled to take precedence of the
 Northern Sycophant.— Edmund Quinsy.
Fugitive Slave Law.— The Lecture of
 Frederick Douglass, previously announced to
 be given in this place, for Friday evening
 next, will be given in the Lutheran Church.
 When we recollect that Mr. Douglass, only
 12 years since, was a slave on a Southern
 plantation, and now one of the most eloquent
 speakers in the State on matters connected
 with his favorite theme, all will concede to
 him the merit of unsurpassed industry and of
 possessing a high order of talent. The lecture
 is to commence at 7 1-2 o’clock, admission
 12 1-2 cents. He will doubtless have a full
 house. Niagara Courier.
Tarring and Feathering. —At Yorkville
 S. C., on the 16th, Jackson Avon* was taken
 in custody, tarred and feathered, rode on a
 tail, and ordered to leave the State, with an
 intimation that if found within its borders
 again he would be hung. Hie offence was a
 disobedience to an order heretofore issued by
 a committee of vigilance that he should leave
 the Slate—some abolition declaraiions which
 he had made having been offensive to the
 citizens.— Baltimore Sun.
Ihe Pride or Blood. —Daniel Webster
 has received a splendid carriage and a span of
 elegant grey horses as a reward for his servi
 ces in favor of the fugitive slave law; and
 Henry M. West, Esq., of New York, has
 received from the claimant of Henry Long, a
 silver pitcher as a testimony of gratitude for
 Webster’s zealous services in returning Long
 into slavery while our Divinity Cummings
 gets the fat job of printing the IJ, S. Laws as
 a reward for urging obedience to the fugitive
 law All this is the price of blood !—Pleas
 ure Boat.
JC/ George Thompson describes the press
 of the United States that supports slavery as
 the most degraded in the world and says he
 cannot understand the religion of America,
 where the Bible is withheld from three mil
 lions of slaves, and where thirty thousand
 ministers nearly all set the laws of the United
 States above the law* of God. —Practical
 Christian.
North Star Fair.}!

 |Thk North Star Fair Association
 will hold their Annual Fair for the North
 Star newspaper during Anniversary week in
 May next.
 All who are desirous of sustaining that
 piper are respectfully solicited to contribute.
 The Association consider it ac efficient Anti-
 Slavery agency—one which aims a death
 blow at the foul system of slavery and now
 is the time its power should be felt. Slavery
 is oppressing us on every side, and we must
 be prepared for battle. Our weapon is
 Truth, and the North Star is well calculated
 to wield it. It can and will combat the
 enemy on every side, and therefore ought to
 be sustained. Then let us sustain it. The
 ladies of this Association ate determined to
 exert their influence in il3 behalf.
 Donations, either ia money or goods, will
 be thankfully received, and may be forwarded
 to the Directress or Secretary.
 EMELINE BASTIEN,
 Directress, 6 Albany street.
 Fanny Tompkins, Sec., 180 Chutch st.
Receipts
 For the North Star,/to*» the lOiA to the 17 th
 of April.
 Hon. Wm. H, He ward #'5,00
 Ralph Moore *2,00
 Enoch Clark {2,00
 John Overacre l f oo
 Harry '1 homas 2,00
 Marshall Pierce 2,00
 E. Used 2,00
 Etick Wilber 2,00
 John Hogarm Esq., 2,00
 Samuel Dupree Esq., 2,00
 Windsor Hawkins 2,00
 Wm. Clarke 1,00
 Esther H. Walton ;1,00
 Mr. Wiu. Harney !?,00
 Joseph Lawson S‘-,00
 Harvey Reason 1,00
 H. E. Hooker 1,00
 J. C. Motel ‘.*.00
 D. Morton (Scotland,) 7,26
 E. Barlow |2,42
 Robert I oekliart 2,42
 James Fenwick 2,42
 James Wbitteb 2,42
 Robert Smith 3,70
 Mrs- Edward Gittiiu (Eng,) 2,42
 Charles Bilson 2,42
 Mrs. H. Richardson 2,42
 JohuMawson 2,42
 Wm. Fletcher 2,42
 E Brockbank 2,42
 J. D. Carr 2,42
 T. Brockbauk 2,42
 Geo. Peile 2,42
 W. F. Nicholson 2,42
 Wilson Armistead 2,42
 Joseph Luplon 2,42
 M. Medwin 2,42
 Joseph Cash 2,42
 Mrs. John Lewis 2,42
 Mrs. Edmund Sturge 2,42
 Dr. Hineks (Ireland,) 4,84
 Mrs. Webb 2,42
 AN EYE-Wf TNESS.
 Sloan’s CHstsim.-This is a valuable salve
 for bruises and scalds, or for fresh wounds. We
 •a* a applied, last week, to a severe burn upon a
 chitds arm. (t removed the pain in a brief time,
 aid the wonnd wa, completely healed in a tew
 be without it.-[Buf
 falo Republic, April 12, 1860.
 bban’s advert ieuuent in another column,
TUioertißttntnta.
ANTI-SLAVERY LECTURES.
 The TWO FIRST LECTURES, del.rerod bJ
 FnArick Hou/.mi in Corinthian Hall, Koch,
 eater, are now published in oae pamphlet; it is go
 up la a very superior style,and may be had at tbe
 North Star Office." Price one shilling each, or
 910 per hundred
Colored Sailors’ I«m,
 330, Pearl Street, New York.
 FRIENDS the (lave, and strangers on a visit
 to New York, can now be accommodated with
 as good Board, and at as low a price as in any other
 house in the city. The house is large and con
 venient; will bold comfortably seventy persons.
 Famities can have private rooms, and every atten
 tion paid to their comfort WM; P. POWELL.
 May 11 ,1840.
THE HOPE GRAND UNION Daughters of the
 £tateof Pennsylvania,located m the City of Phi
 ladelphia, would moat respectfully announce to the
 Public, that they are prepared to grant Charters,
 and organise Unions throughout lbn State of Penn
 sylvania.
 Terms to. Charter, 95,
 Applications for Charters mast bn made to
 HANNAH MARIA BUNDY, O. P.S. No 68
 Pine Street;
 SARAH RICHARDS, G. 8.8. No. 147 So.
 6th, Street.
The mysterious Noises
 IN ROCHESTER and Western New York—A
 History of these remarkable sounds-and of all
 the Strange Phenonena connected therewith, the
 Spiritual Cotnnflinicatioiis Ac. Ac., —price, single,
 12Jets —10 copies for $l. Orders by mail will be
 promptly attended to.
 Ten Agents wanted to sell the above work, al
 together with other new and valunble works to
 whom a fair chance to make money will be given.
 A «uU capital of from 16 to 926 requiree, and
 the agent will ba indemnified against loss.
 D. M. DEWEY,
 mar29—4t Arcade &lt;lal), Rochester, N. Y
Palmer’s Artificial Leg.
 THIS entirely new, beautiful, and eminently ser
 vicable limb, which has received the highest
 awards and most hearty testimonials of aff the
 principal scientific institutions and surgeons of
 hospitals in this country, in addition to those who
 have used the limb, as being in every respect supe
 rior to any limb ever before invented in Europe or
 America, is now manufactured in Springfield, Matt.,
 by Messrs. Palmer, Currier A Hudson.|
 They witrran entne satisfaction j
 references.
 Drs. Hamilton and Sprague, of Buffalo.
 Dr. Ganson, Batavia.
 Drs. Webster axil Moore, Rochester.
 Dr. Potter, Gornara,.&lt;wha wears one.)
 Dr. Hough, Syracuse sep 14-Am
Free Labor Goods.
 MANUFACTURED by the American Free Pro
 duce Association, and for sale at No. 31, North
 Fifth-street, Philadelphia:
 Manchester Ginghams; Checks, Apron and Fur
 niture; Canton Flannel, unbleached; Muslin,
 bleached and unbleached, of various qualities and
 width; thin Muslin for linings, brown and cohired;
 Bird Eye Towels; black and white Wadding;
 Cotton Laps; Lamp Wick; Bed Ticking, an ex
 cellent article; Calico, Stockings, Knitting Cotton,
 Ac. Ac.
 Orders for Goods, or letters desiring information,
 may be addressed to J. Miller McKim, 31, North
 Filtii-street; Daniel L. Miller, Tenth-street; or to
 James Mott, No. 35, Church Alley.
 A large and handsome assortment of Prints now
 on hand. jul—tf
The Old Curosity Shop,
 At No. 139 Buffalo Street Rochester.
 LLOYD SCOTT, grateful for the patronage
 awarded him, would respectfully inform his
 riemls and the public generally, that he has recently
 enlarged his establishment and augmented his stock
 of Men’s, Women’s, and Children’s. New and
 Secoud hand apparel. In addition to this depart
 ment he will buy and sell House and Store Furni
 ture, Books, Jewelry, Fancy articles, Mechanical
 and agricultural implements, and indeed all those
 various odds and euds” of which may not be
 readily obtained at other places. It is his intention
 to, keep The Old Curosity Shop” well furnished
 with an endless variety of articles for which he will
 pay liberally and dispose of at satisfactory prices.
 Clothing repaired and renovated with neatness
 and despatch.
 Dont forget The Old Curosity Shop.
 Rochester March 1849.
Glen-Haven Water-t nre!!
 THIS Cure, so celebrated for its purity and soft
 ness of water, the salubrity of its climate, splendid
 scenery, beautiful lake, quiet location, is now open
 for the sick, and is unsurpassed by any estabiishmen
 in the State.
 It haB undergone thorough repair the past winter
 and will be conducted on the most scientific and
 skilful water-cure principles, u
 Its Physician is James C. Jackson, M. D. His
 associates are Mrs. L. E. Jarksou, Miss T. Gil
 bert and Giles E. Jackson, all of whom have _had
 great experience in their profession.
 Every effort will lie given by the Doctor and his
 associates to make the Glen pleasant to their
 guests and to restore them to health. No fee will be
 charged for ex amination.
 Persons wishing advice relative to treatment can
 have it given them fret of charge by addressing! the
 Physician, or his associates, through the Post-Of
 fice, and (laying the postage.
 TERMS:—Five or six dollars per {week,[(pay
 able weekly,) according to rooms, exclusive of
 washing or use of packing clothes. No extra prices
 charged unless so at time [of entrance into I
 the Cure. -i
 Ourladdress is,[Scott, Courtland’Co,, N. Y.
 (JACKSON GILBERT.
(Our Israelitish Origin,
 OR LECTURES on Ancient (Israel,| by Prof.
 Wilson, England—American from the third
 London edition, t his work is designed to show
 that the inhabitants of the United States of Ainer
 ica, England, and Moderau Nations of Europe, are
 the descendants of the ten lost tribes of Israel, or
 that Anglo-Saxons are of Israelitish origin,
 (not Jewish,) the Anglo-Saxons were found where
 the ten tribes of Israel were lost. In this book is
 published the objections laised by that late eminent
 divine, the Rev. Edward Bickerstith, of the Church
 of England, together with the author’s reply.
 Also, on the Prophecies, the Book of Inheritance,
 or witness of the Prophets, to the truth respecting
 Ephraim and the whole house of Israel, that we are
 now come to the very time and pbee, and circum
 stances foretold of Israel’s discovery. This Book
 affords evidence that a key has been found to un
 lock the treasure* of the Old Testament Prophecy,
 respecting the people to wliom the promises are
 made, and the promised inheritance both oil earth
 and in honveii, and -h..ws how fully God liad pro
 vided against all possible objections to the literal
 fulfilment of what he hath purposed repecling them.
 These works are tree from sectarianism, and only
 require to be read to be appreciated.
 ivy- To be had of JOHN DINGLE, 24 Andrew
 street, and ERASTU3 DARROW,corner Main
 and St. Paul streets.
 The UookjTrade supplied on liberal terms.
DR. CHARLES MUNDE’S B
 Hater-Core Establishment,
 AT NORTHAMPTON, MASS—Dr. MUN
 DE respectfully informs his friends and the
 public, that he has become the owner of the late Dr.
 Haggles Water-CureEstablishment at Bensonville,
 2( miles from tbe Northampton Railroad Depot, 7
 hours’ ride from New-York, about S from Boston,
 and 5 from Albanv,situated ia one of the pleasantest
 vallies of New England, surrounded |with wood
 grown hills, with shady walks, and abundantly sup
 plied with the purest, softest and (coldest granite
 water. The air is pure aod healthy, and the dins'
 ate mild and agreeable. The new and spacious
 buildings oiler all the necessary conveniences for
 water-cure purposes, such as large plunge baths,
 douches and airy lodging rooms for about 60 pa
 tients, separate for either sex, a gymnasium, etc.
 The Doctor being the earliest now living disciple
 of Priessnitx at Graefenburgh, and having an ex
 perience of more than 15 yaars of his own, his writ
 ings oa Water-cure being ia the hands of every
 European hydropath, hopes to respond to any rea
 sonable expectations from tbe water-eure-system,
 made on the part of those sufferersjwho may confide
 bemselves to A bim.
 From the New York Tribune.
 Warxn-Coß*—ln another page of tfeis paper
 will be found tbe advertisement of Dr. Cham.ss
 Munde’s establishment for Water-Cnre, at North
 ampton, Mass. We, some months since, had the
 pleasure of welcoming tbe arrival ia this country oi
 Dr. W. as a political! efugee, from Dresden, and
 are now happy to chronicle hie permanent settle
 ment within so short a ride of New York. His
 European reputation aa a medical writer aad prao
 litQtioo&amp;T of Hydropathy, aa well as the large circle
 of friends his remakabfe »k»H
 am have already gained here.Vdl
 seagSipFs*
SLOAN'S COLUMN.
All Medicines and Books advertised by
 W. P. Sloan are sold wholesale and retail,
 at the proprietor’s prices, at
 SLOAN’S MEDICINE DEPOT,
 United State* Hotel Block, Terrace Stteet,
 Buffalo, N. Y., and all orders for the same
 from the State of New York, Pennsylvania,
 Eastern Ohio and the Canadas, must be ad
 dressed to WM. B. SIX)AN, Buffalo, N. Y.
 F. B. MOREHOUSE, Travelling A f t.
 Sold by Post A Wiu.:s, Rochester Le
 man Bim, Pei.field T, B. A W. Cor
 ning, Webster; J. Van Bu.ren, Fairport;
 B. M. Glazier, Sweden Centre; Andrew
 Clark, Clarkson; A. B. Raymond, Span
 cerport, and by Merchants, Druggists, Ae., in
 nearly every town in the United Slates and
 Canada.
 SLOAN'S
FAMILY QINTMEN
 Is MUd, Safe, Thorough, and the greatest
 External Remedy ever used. It is compo
 sed of Vegetable Extracts, and possesses
 pouter unequalled in the annals of Medicine
 1 for the cure of Inflammatory Diseases.
 It a universally acknowledged to be an
 infallible remedy in every case where it has
 been faithfully applied on the human sys
 tem, for promoting Insensible Perspiration,
 and is invaluable in all diseases of the flesh.
 Obstinate Ulcers, Old Sores, Chilblains and
 SPRAINED LIMBS,
 Caa ba retlevad of pain and all inflammation, and eurad
 i Immadiataly by a firs* dm of Sloan’a Ointment.
 FOR BURNS,
 Sloan's OinUMM has no aqual. It raliavea all pain in a
 Aw minutas, and haala rapidly, without leaving a scar.
 fIOALD HEAD.
 Every case of (hia troublesome complaint can ba cured
 with Sloan's UMBnaat, if the direction* are strictly fol
 lowed.
 PILES.
 Sloan’s Ointment affords immediate relief and has eurad
 founds of cases after ell other remedies bed failed.
 GROUP.
 e the approach eflu rattle, can ba Immediately anssted
 by a free use of Kean’* Ointment.
 bald bead.
 Slate’s Ointment re more* ell inflammation from the
 scalp, i«BJequently a vigorous growth of hair follows.
 SORE THROAT.
 And Cutaneous Eruptions, Sore Nipples, Sore Breasts,
 Dissaass of the Eye, Ague In the Face, Rheumatic Pains,
 Contracted Cords, Pain in the Side, Back, and other part*
 of the syntem, Boils, Bruises, Freeh Wounds, end every
 kind of sore containing the least particle of Inflammation
 are permanently cured by this great remedy.
 HEALING VIRTUES.
 It is e fact authenticated here, as well s* all over the
 State, ami indeed the whole western states, that Sloan’s
 Medicines have obtained a wide spread celebrity and re
 putation. to which they are justly sntitled by their “hooting
 virtues, and powers. We are not among those who are
 prone to endorse every patent humbug that comes along,
 and in this instance nave delayed our endorsement until
 we have been able to make assurance double rare, not only
 by testing them personally ourselves, but from the teeti.
 esony of s numerous portion of ths community living
 ■round us.—(lllinois Globe, April 13, 1864.
 SI OPPEI) THE NAUSEA.
 Buffalo, Sept. 26th 1860.
 Dr. W. Sloan: Sir—About the first of August
 last, ray hand began to swell badly, and caused me
 very great suffering. The swelling daily ioereased
 and extended up suy arm to the shoulder, and affbet
 ed me so much as to render me inca|&gt;able of retain
 ing any food in my stomach. I had the attendaned
 of an eminent physician, and every thing was triee
 that promised relief, until it seemed as though I
 cou’d not survive another day.
 A t this critical juncture at the solicitation o( a
 friend, your valuable Ointment was applied to the
 arm and hand, and also over the region of the stom
 ach. This immediately stopped the nausea; and iu
 25 or 30 minutes, the pain in my arm and hand wua
 so far relieved, that I fell into a quiet slumber, for
 the first time in about two weeks. The hand was
 several times laid o|«n with the Lancet before your
 Ointment was appl.ed, without affording any relief;
 hut from the time I began to use your Ointrarnt up
 on it, the sore discharged freely, and my hand and
 arm were restored in an almost incredibly, short
 time. Tlte speedy relief from the woridefu suffer
 ings which 1 experienced, induces me to send yon
 this testimonial that others similarly affected may
 know the value of your Ointment in such oases.
 For any further particulars, you are at liberty to re
 fer to me, MRB. MARY ANN MURRAY.
 I certifvlthat the above statement, is true.
 |JOHN MURRAY
 TESTIMONIAL FROM GENESEE COUNTY
 To all whom this may come, or in any way concern:
 is to certify.iWJ applied W. B. Sloan’s
 Balve to my horse’s mouth when it was very bad
 with (Black Tongue or Cancer—so tad he could
 not eat; aud in two hours he eat as well a* ever.
 And I|further certify tbnt it is a good medicine for
 ha.nan flesh, cuts and bruises.
 O. B. CROFF, M. B.
 Bethany, Oct. 29th 1850.
’SLOAN’S’
HORSE OINTMENT
 HIS EARNED A GREAT NAME.
 For Parity, Mildness, Safety, Certainly,
 and Thoroughness, it excels, and is now su
 perceding ell other Ointments and Liniments,
 for the cure of Horses, Cattle, and other Do.
 mestio Animate. A free um of this Ointment
 cures immediately all
 Fnsh Wound* and Galls,
 Without leaving a Scar. Its effects are per
 fectly magical in the oure of these Injuries.
 For Sprains, Strains and Bruises,
 Nothing has ever been discovered that oom.
 pares with Sloans Ointment.
 Wind Galls, Callus and Cracked Heels,
 Are cured *at once bv the use of Sloan’s
 Ointment, if the directions are followed.
 Spa win, Sweeney and Ringbone.
 No mistake about curing permanently all
 these Complaints by m faithful application of
 Sloan’s Ointment. y
 Fistula, Poll Rail and Distemper.
 Sloan’s Ointment and Condition Powder
 ■ever flail to restore the animal sound aa
 ever,
 Founder and Contracted Feet. 1
 Sloan’s Ointment and Condition Powder
 have no equal in the oure of Founder and
 Contracted Feet. The Ointment will prevent
 contraction of the hoofs, remove ridges, soften
 and toughen the feet, and the Condition Pow
 der is oertain to remove all internal Fever and
 Slffhess,
 B first rhea or Grease aad Mange.
 The only infallible Remedy for these Com
 akints is Sloan’s Ointment, It cures whs*
 afloSsr llsamdi** f*il»
 Farms nr i Shepherds and Dairymen.
 Sloan’s Ointment never fails to oure all
 •sees of Hoof-Ail, or Foot-Net of Shup,
 aad injuries in the feet of other animals.
 ft?" For further Particulars sad a Mmlti
 torn* of CtrtUeateM tf RtmuurkabU Curses
 get Pamphlets of Agent*, .j
 Frtvartd and Sold, Whomoato md N*6n§t
 nt tkcGrand Depot, 40 Lake Strut, Chieag^
 W A SLOAI*.
 -I
"
