"P oetrg.
[From Dicker’* Household Word*.]
 SOREOWBAND JOYS.
 Bury tby »c&gt;rrow*, and they shall riee
 As aoula to the immortal skies,
 Aiid then took down like motlters’ eye*.
 But let tby joy* be f. eab aa flower*,
 That auck Uie lioney of the altowrra,
 And bloom .alike on bull end towers.
 So shall i hy day* bo sweet end bright-
 Solemn and a.rea tliy atarry night
 Coiscious of lore each change of light.
 The urn will witch the flowers aslerp,
 I lie flowers will feel the soft stars weep,
 And I loth will mix sensations deep.
 W|ih these below, with those abovt,
 Sits evermore the brooding Dote,
 Uniting both in bonds of lore.
 Children of earth are these; and
 Tim spirits &lt;4 intense repose—
 Death radiant o’er all human wees.
 For both by nature are akin;
 Sorrow, the itolien fruit of sin,
 And joy, the juice of life within.
 O, make thy sorrows holy, wise;
 Soahall their buried memories rise.
 Celestial, e'en in mortal skies.
 O, think what than baa been their doom,
 II all enalirive»—without a tomb—
 They had been left to haunt ihe gloom!
 O think again what they will be
 Benea h God’* bright serenity,
 When thou art in eternity!
 FOf they, in thwir mlnilian, know
 No vestige of their former woe
 While through them all the heavens do flow.
 Thu* art thou wedded to the skies,
 And watcl ed by ever-loviug eyes,
 Aud warned by loving sympathies.
itUecfllancous.
TUj- LAST days OF JOSEPHINE
 ST REV. JOHN S. C. ABBOTT.
 Josephine remained for some days a
 Navarre, in a state of most painfu
 anguish respecting the fate of the Em
 peror. She allowed herself no relaxa
 tion, except a solitary ride each morn
 iug in the park, and another short rid
 after dinner with one of her ladiet
 The Einperor Alexander had imme
 d'ately sent a guard of honor to protec
 from all intrusion. Hundred
 of thousands of soldiers were swarm
 ing in all directions, and every dwelling
 was filled with terror and detraction
 One melancholy incident we will re
 cord, illustrative of hundreds wbic
 might be narrated. Lord Londonderry
 in the midst of a bloody skirmish, sa«
 a young and beautiful French lady, th
 wife of colonel, in a caleche, seizei
 by three brutal Russian soldiers, win
 were carrying ofif, into the fields, thei
 frantic and shrinking victim. The gal
 lant Englishman, sword in hand,
 forward for her deliverance from hi
 barbarian allies. He succeeded i
 rescuing her, and, in the confusion c
 the battle still raging, ordered a dra
 goon to take her to his own quarters til
 she could be provided with suitabl
 protection. The dragoon took the lady
 dead wtth terror, upon his horsi
 behind him, and was galloping with lie
 to a place of safety, when onolher ru(
 Can band of Cossacks surrounded him
 pierced his body with their sabers, am
 seized again the unhappy victim. Shi
 was never heard of more. The Em
 peror Alexander was greatly distress
 ed at her t. r e, and made the utmost
 though untvji ing efforts to discove
 what had become of her. The revela
 tions of the last day alone can divulgi
 the horrors of this awful tragedy.
 Tne grief of Josephine in these dayi
 of anxiety was intense in the extreme
 She passed her whole time in talking
 about Napoleon, or in reading the let'
 ters she had received from him. H«
 wrote frequently, as he escaped frou
 place to place, but many of bis letter*
 were intercepted by the bands o
 soldiers traversing every road. Th*
 last she had received from him wat
 dated at Brienne. It gave an account
 of a desperate engagement, in whief
 the little band of Napoleon had beei
 overwhelmed by numbers, and wa*
 concluded with the fullo.wing affecting
 words: “On beholding those scene*
 where I had passed my boyhood, and
 comparing my peaceful condition then
 w.th the agitation and terror which
 I now experience, 1 several times said,
 in my own mind, I have sought to meet
 death in many coufiicts; I can no longer
 fear it. To ine death would now be a
 blessing, but I Would once more see
 Josephine,”
 Notwithstanding the desperate state
 of affairs, Josephine still cherished the
 hope that his commanding genius would
 yet enable hiui to retrieve his fortunes.
 All them hopes were, however,
 dispelled on the receipt of the following
 letter:
 Fontainebleau, April 16, 1314
 “Dear Jorephine—l wrote to you
 on the-Bth oi l Ins month, but perhap*
 you have not received my letter. Hos
 tilities still continued, and possibly ii
 may have been intercepted. At present
 the communications must be re-estab
 lished. 1 have formed my resolution.
 I have no doubt that this billet will
 roach you. 1 will not repeat what 1
 said to you. Then I lamented my
 aituation, now I congratulate mysell
 upon it. My head aud spirit are freed
 from an enormous weight. My full i
 great, but it inay, as men any, prove
 useful. In my retreat I shall substitute
 the pen lor the sword. TTie history oi
 my reign will be curious. The world
 has yet seen me only in profile. I shah
 •how myself in full. How many things
 have 1 to disclose! how many am the
 men of whom a false estimate is enter
 tained! 1 have heaped benefits upon
 millions of wretches! What have they
 done in the end for me? They have
 ail betrayed me—ye«, all. I except
 from this number the good Eugene, so
 worthy of you and of me. Adieu! my
 dear Josephine Be resigned as I am,
 and never forget hiui who never forgot’
 aud never will lorget you. Farewell,’
 Josephine. Napoleon.
 P.?*.—l expect to hear from you at
 Elba. I am not very well/'
 Upon reading these tidings of eo
 terrible an overthrow, Joeephiae was
 overwhelmed with grief, and for a time
 wept bitterly. Soon, however, recover
 ing her seif- possession, she exclaimed,
 “f must not reraaiu here. My presence
 |f necessary to the Einperor, That
duty iff, indeed, more Maria Louisa's
 than mine, but the Emperor iff alone
 forsaken. Well, I a! least will not
 abandon him. I might be dispensed
 with while he was happy; now, 1 am
 sure that he expects me.’’ After a
 pause of a few moments, in which she
 seemed absorbed in her own thoughts,
 •he addressed her chamberlain, saying,
 “I may, however, interfere with his
 arrangements. ¥ou will remain here
 with ine till intelligence be re*
 ceired from the allied sovereigns; they
 will respect her who was the wife of
 Napoleon."
 She was indeed remembered by
 them. The magnanimity of her con
 duct under the deep wrongs of the
 divorce, had filled Europe with admira
 tion. The allied sovereigns sent her
 assurances of their most friendly re
 gards. They entreated her to return
 to Malmaison, and provided her with
 an ample guard for her protection. Jlei
 court was ever crowded with the most
 illustrious rnonarchs and nobles, whe
 sought a presentation to do homage
 to her virtues. Emperor Alexandu
 was one of the first to visit her. Ht
 said to her on that occasion, Madam,
 L burned with the desire of beholding
 you. Since I entered France, I havt
 never heard your name pronounced bui
 with benedictions. In the cottage ant!
 in the palace I have collected account!
 of your angelic goodness, and I do my
 self a pleasure in thus presenting tc
 your majesty the universal homage o
 which I am the bearer.”
 Maria Louisa, thinking only of sell
 declined accompanying Napoleon tc
 his humble retreat. Josephine, noi
 knowing her decision, wrJte to tht
 Emperor: "Now only can I calculate
 the whole extent of the misfortune o
 having beheld my union with you dis
 solved by law. Now do 1 indeed la
 inent being no more than your friend
 who can but mourn over a misfortune
 great as it is unexpected. Ah! sire
 why can I not fly to you? Why can I
 not give you the assu’ance that exii«
 1 has no terrors save for vulgar minds
 I and that, far from diminishing a smeert
 attachment, misfortune imparts to it t
 new force? I have been upon the poiu
 of qui'ting France to follow your foot
 J steps, and to consecrate to you the re
 mainder of an existence which you s&lt;
 long embellished. A single motive re
 t strained me, and that you may divine
 If I learn that I am the only one whi
 will fulfil her duty, nothing shall detail
 t me, and I will go to the only plac&lt;
 where, henceforth, there can be happi
 ness for me, since I shall be able t&lt;
 console you when you are there isolate!
 and unfortunate! Sa/ but the word,
 f depart. Adieu, sir; whatever I woult
 add would still be 100 little. It is m
 1 longer- by words that my sentiments fo
 you are to be proved, and for action;
 i your consent is necessary."
 A few days after this letter was writ
 1 ten the Emperor Alexander, with t
 number of illustrious guests, dined witl
 Josephine at Malmaison. In the even
 ing twilight, the party went out upoi
 the beautiful lawn in front of the housi
 I for recreation. Josephine, whose healtl
 had become exceedingly precariuU:
 through care and sorrow, being regard
 i less of herself in devotion to hei
 r friends, took a violent cold. The nex
 day she was worse. Without any verj
 definite form of disease, she day aflei
 I day grew more faint and feeble, unti
 it was evident that her final change was
 near at hand- Eugene and Hortense
 her most affectionate children, wer&lt;
 with her by day and by night. Thej
 communicated to her the judgment o
 her physician that death was near
 She heard the tidings with perfect com
 posure, and called for a clergyman tc
 administer to her the last rites of re
 ligion.
 Just after this solemnity the Emperoi
 Alexander eutered the room. Eugent
 and Hortense, oathed in tears, were
 kneeling at their mother’s side. Jose
 phine beckoned to the Emperor to ap
 proach her, and said to him and hei
 children, "1 have always desired the
 Jtdppihess of France. I did all in my
 power to contribute to it; and l can
 say with truth, to all of you now pres
 ent, at my last moments, that the first
 wife ofNapoleon never caused a single
 tear to flow.”
 She called for the portrait of the Em
 peror; she gazed upon it long and
 tenderly; and then fervently pressing it
 in her clasped hands to her bosom,
 faintly articulated the following pruyer:
 “O God! watch over Napoleon while
 he remains in the desert of this w orld.
 Alas! though he hath committed great
 i&amp;ults, hath he not expiated them by
 great sufferings? Just God, thou hast
 looked into his heart, and hast seen by
 how ardent a desire for useful arid dura
 ble improvements he was animated.
 Deign to approve my last petition. And
 may this image of my husband bear
 ine witness that my latest wish and my
 latest prayer were for him and my
 children.”
 Il was the 29tW of May, 1814. A
 tranquil summer’s day was fading away
 into a cloudless, serene, and beautiful
 evening. The rays of the setting sun,
 struggling through the foliage of the
 open window, shone cheerfully upon
 ihe bed where the Empress was dying.
 The vesper songs of the birds which
 tilled the groves of Malmaison floated
 sweetly upon the ear, and the gentle
 spirit of Josephine, lulled to repose by
 these sweet anthems, sank into its last
 sleep. Gazing upon the portrait ot the
 Emperor, she exclaimed, li L'isle
 d’Elbe Napoleon!" and died.
 Alexander, as he gazed upon her
 lifeless remains, burst into tears, and
 uttered the following affecting yet just
 tribute of respect to her memory:
 "She is no m ire; that woman whom
 France named the beneficent, that
 angel of goodness, is no more. Those
 who have known Josehine can never
 forget her. She dies regretted by her
 offspring, her friends, and her contem
 poraries.”
 For four days her body remained
 shrouded in state for its burial. Dur
 ing this time more than twenty thou
 sand of the people of France visited
 her beloved remains. On the 2ud of
 June, at mid-day, the funeral proces
 sion moved from Malmaison to Ruel,
 where the body was deposited in a tomb
 of the village church. The funeral
 services were conducted with tbs
 greatest magnificence, as the sove
 reigns of the allied armies united with
 the French in doing honor to ler me*
 mvr/i When nil had Lft the church
but Eugene ard Hortense, they knelt
 bestdd their mother's grave, and for a
 long time mingled their prayers and
 their tears. A beautiful monument of
 white marble, representing the Em
 press kneeling in her coronation robes,
 is erected over her burial-place, with
 this simple but affecting inscription:
 EUGENE AND UoRTENSE
 TO
 JOSEPHINE.
 REPORT
 Of the Committee on Education presented
 to tht Convention of Citizens of Color.
 Mr. John J. Zuille, from the Com
 mittee on Education, presented the
 following statistics and recommenda
 tions:
 The Educational interests of our
 children in New York City, are cow
 miilted to the care of the Public
 School Society of the city of New
 York, the “Society for»the Promotion
 of Education among Colored child
 ren," and the Teachers in their em
 ploy, as well as the “Board of Educa
 tion,” and such other institutions as
 may give free Education to children,
 including the “Asylum for Colored
 Orphans.”
 The &lt;ust named Society is managed
 by a Board of Trustees of 93 gentle
 men, a President, Vice President,
 Treasurer and Secretary. The second
 by a Board of 21 Trusties, a President,
 Treasurer and Secretary. The mem
 bers of the Board of Education arc
 elected by the people.
 Public Schools, for colored children
 were first established here by the New
 York Manumissijn Society, and by ii
 transferred to the jurisdiction of thf
 Public School Society. Tne Society
 for the Promotion of Education ainon?
 Colored Children, wa* incorporated l&gt;\
 the Legislature in 1847, and has es
 tablished two schools. This laltei
 society is composed entirely of colorei
 persons, and managed by them. Th*
 following are the statistics of schools
 with the number of children on regis
 ter, and the average attendance, so fai
 as we have been able to gather them
 SCHOOLS OP THE PUBLIC SCHOOL SOCIET]
 Public School No. 1, situated it
 Mulberry street, near Grand, will sea
 201) children in the mule department
 and 144 in the female department
 making 344 seats. Whole number o
 children on register 191 boys, 122girli
 —total 313. The average attendant
 is 150 hoys, and 90 girls—total 24(
 average attendance, leaving generallj
 54 seats vacant. Ttiis school is laugh
 by Mr. John Peterson and Miss Caro
 line Roe, as Principals.
 Public School No. 2, in Lauren
 treet, near Broome, will seat 150 boys
 132 girls in the upper department, am
 118 in the Primary department, with t
 i gallery in the latter department to ac
 commodate 60 or 70 children—tota
 j seats 400. Whole number of childrei
 on register 114 hoys, 107 girls in th&lt;
 1 upper departments, and 143 boys am
 girls in the Primary department— tota
 on register 364, average attendance, 7;
 boys, 75 girls, and 86 in the Primarj
 department—total average attendance
 233; leaving generally 77 seats vacant
 Mr. Ransom F. Wake, Miss Fannj
 Tompkins, Miss Sarah Ennalls, Priiici
 pals.
 Primary school 3, 15th street, nea
 7th Avenue, has 116 seals, with gal
 lery; 120 on register, average attend
 ance. for the last year 68, leaving
 about 32 seats vacant, Miss Jane E
 Percy, Principal.
 Primary Schools 4 and 6, have 20(
 seats, 188 on register with an average
 attend nice, of 133, leaving about 61
 seats vacant. Mr. George Green riii
 Miss C. E. Robins, Principals. Mak
 ing the whole number taught in thes&lt;
 schools 980; average attendance, 674
 SCHOOLS OF THE SOCIETT FOR THE PRO
 MOTION OF EDUCATION AMONG
 COLORED CHILDREN.
 Primary School 1, in Centre street
 near Leonard, has 143 seats, 119 ot
 register, average attendance, 63, leav
 ing about 60 seats vacant. Mr. Georg*
 Lawrence, Principal.
 Public school 2, in Thomas sPreet
 has 83 seats in the ma'e, 85 in the
 female, and 96 in the Primary depart
 ment—total 264. On register 184 boyi
 and 196 girls—total 3SO. Average at
 tendance, 200. vacant seats 64.
 Whole number taught in thest
 Schools, 499; average attendance, 263
 Mr. Samuel S. Rankin, Mrs. Jane M
 Forten, and Miss Elizabeth Pierce,
 Principals.
 This would make the whole numbei
 taught in all of the above mentioned
 schools, 1485; average attendance,
 937. Add to this the whole number
 taught in Harlem and Yorkville
 Schools, 100; average attendance, 70.
 Colored Orphan Asylum, 269; average
 attendance, 167. Whole number
 taught from Public funds, 1854; aver
 age attendance, 1174. A private school
 in Wooster street near Prince, Miss
 R. Peterson, Teacher, has on register,
 60; average attendance, 45. Catholic
 school, Howard street, 40; average at
 tendance, 27. Matting whole number
 in school 1954; average attendance,
 1246.
 Notwithstanding this number of
 children in schools, there is still a large
 number of seats in the Public Schools
 uroccupied, being about 374 exclusive
 of gallery and other accommodations;
 and there are avast number of children
 who might be in school, running at
 large in the public streets, with no one
 to care for then*.
 Under the head of “Colored Popula
 tion,” Mr. McKeeu, the Superintendent
 of Common Schools for the City and
 County of New York makes the follow
 ing remarks and statements:
 “Notwithstanding the great amount
 of prejudice in a portion of our citi
 zens against color, and the increasing
 numbers of fugitives and ignorant black
 people, who are constantly coming in
 to the city, it is believed that New
 York has made more ample provisions
 lor the education of this class of people,
 than any large town or city in the
 world.
 The Pub'ic School Society have had
 in their schools, during the past year,
 of this class, 2020
 The Society for the Promotion
 of Education among colored
 chi'dreo, 912
 Ward Schools, 142
 Colored Orphan Asylum, 260
 Alms House nod House of Refuge
have provided for probably, 50
 3398
 From tbit it may be seen that the
 city of New York baa provided instruc
 tion and achool accomodations for about
 one* eighth of the whole colored popu
 lation of the city. Besides the above,
 there is supported during 1? weeks, an
 evening school for colored perrons, in
 which were taught 217 persons.”
 In the city ot Brooklyn, there is a
 public school capable of seating 450
 children, having on register 300 and
 an average attendance of 200. Taught
 by Mr. William J. Wilson and Miss
 Wilson.
 A Public School at Carsville, 60 on
 register—average attendance 40, 12 ol
 whom ace ’-white. Mr. Junius C.
 Morel, Teacher.
 At Williamsburg, there is a public
 School having on register 194 children,
 average attendance 99. Mr. E. Jin
 nings and Mrs. M. W. Stewart, Teach
 ers. An Evening School, 69 on
 register, 16 average attendance. Pri
 vate School by Miss Jane Williams,
 40 on register, 27 average attendance.
 There is a public school on Staten
 Island, taught by Mr. Prince Love
 riJge.
 There is no certain data for ascer
 taining the number of children between
 the age of 4 and 16 years at present,
 nor will there be until the publication
 of the Census, in either of the places
 spoken of in this statement. But it is
 well known that a large number are
 out of school who ought to be in it.
 This is proved from ocular demonstra
 tion.
 The Schools are open to all, free as
 the air we breathe, and their advan
 tages ought not to be neglected, and
 cannot be without suicidal criminality.
 Our children must have the advant
 ages of the Common Schools to th&gt;-
 fullest extent, and some sacrifices, must
 be made to provide them proper situa
 tions of employment when they leave
 school, and t* these ends our attention
 ought to be directed.
 In view of the facts here presented,
 as well as other which might be named,
 your committee beg leave to recom
 mend,
 That an association of ladies and
 gentlemen be formed, consisting of at
 least 40 ladies and 40 gentlemen, which
 shall lake upon itself the duty of secur
 ing a more full attendance of children
 at school, and of providing for them,
 when they leave school, suitable places
 o| employment, where they may obtain
 a knowledge of the mechanical branch
 es, cither in or out of the city, or any
 branch of business that shall promise
 steady employment, as well as to de
 velope their physical, social and menta'
 capacity.
 1. That this association perform its
 duty by visiting parents who do noi
 send their children to school regularly,
 and urge upon them the importance «&gt;l
 making the necessary sacrifices to en
 able their children to attend school.
 2 By attending to the wants of such
 children as are deprived of the privi
 leges of the school by a need of the
 necessary clothing.
 3. By holding a Fair once a year, or
 by making public appeals for funds to
 accomplish the end designed; or by
 adopting such measures as in the better
 judgment of the association shall best
 promote the object in view.
 Your Committee further recommend
 that this association be formed immedi
 ately, with power to increase ther num
 ber to any necessary extent; and that
 similar associations be formed in
 Brooklyn, Williamsburgh and Staten
 island.
 That in each place, the names and
 places of business of mechanics who
 «r« willing to take colored apprentice*
 be taken, and proper apprentices re
 commended; pledging to them all the
 support we can command while they
 are instructing such apprentices when
 they have learned their trades.
 Your Committee are of opinion that
 should the association be conducted
 with energy, it will tend to inspire
 greater confidence in your youth, a
 better self-respect, and in connection
 with other enterprizes, to shorten the
 days of oppression in this land, to in
 cite higher purposes; and to fix the fact
 in the minds of all, that as Americans,
 we are one people, and have a com
 mon destiny.— A. S. Standard.
THE SWEETNESS OF HOME.
 He who has no home has not the
 sweet pleasure of life; he feels not the
 thousand endearments that cluster
 r around that hallowed spot to fill the
 void of his aching helrt und while away
 his leisure moments in the sweetest ol
 life’s joys. Is misfortune your lot?
 you will find a friendly welcome from
 hearts beating true to your own. The
 chosen partner of your toil has a smile
 of approbation when others have de
 scried, a hand to help when all others
 refuse, and a heart to feel your sorrows
 as her own. Perhaps a smiling cherub,
 with prattling glee and joyous laugh,
 will drive ail sorrow from your care
 worn brow, and enclose it in the
 wreaths of domestic bliss.
 No matter how humble the home
 tpay be, how destitute its stores, r
 fcovv poorly its inmates are clad; if true
 hearts dwell there, it is yet a home—
 a cheerful, piuderit wife, obedient and
 affectionate children, will give the.r
 possessor more real joy than bags 01
 gold and windy honor.
 Tiie home of a temperate, industri
 ous, honest man, will be his greatest
 joy. Ho comes to it "weary am
 worn," but the merry laugh and happy
 voice of childhood cheers him; a
 plain, but healthy meal awaits him.
 Envy, ambition, and strife have n«&gt;
 place there; and, with a clear con
 science, he lays his weary limbs dowi
 to rest in the bosom of his family, and
 under the protecting care of the poor
 man’s friend and help.
 The Richmond Enquirer ia warmly
 in favor of the project for encouraging
 the emigration of free blacks to Ja
 macia, and recommends the imposition
 of a tax upon tbi* class of population it.
 Virginia to riufce a fund for their re
 moval. It hopes thereby to separat*
 the free negroes from direct cootac
 with the slaves, and to build up and
 attract to Virginia the trade of Jamaica.
 S. Buglt.
M. Clay is a »tum|
 candidate for Governor of Kentucky.
Dr. HtßlltM’9 Analytic listltnttoi
 A N P.- C P L 1 jEGE OF HEALTH,
 *IT Exchange street, Rochester
 The Treatment m this Institution in particular!'
 adapted to all diseases incidental to Female.. Fru
 lapse* I’ten is cared in a short time, without the
 uar of any external or internal supporter*, and tlv
 patient made ahla to run up and down atairt will
 ease,carry weijht* from 60 to 14)0 lb*, ten rod* a
 a time, walk from ten to tbiitv-two mile* ia a day.
 ind endure much labor and fatigue a. person* en
 joying comfortable health. Some who had been
 confined a year with this disease, and had not beet
 able to walk three strjis alone at once during tint
 time, recovered *o rapidly as to walk ten miles 01
 the tenth day of treatment.
 And here I would warn the invalid against th*
 use ofevery kind of |tes«ary, auch aa gold, ailvet
 glass' gum-elastic, sponge, &amp;c., ms the ai&lt;phraii*&gt;
 is always dangerous, and often times rentier th
 case entirely incurable. Otlter diseases are core
 with canal sac-res*; such as Weakness and Fsllin
 of the Bars!*; Fain in llm B«vk, e-ids, hk uldei
 and Head; Spinal Diseases, Kidney Aflfeclior
 Liver Complaint, Sinking sensation of the Stumar I.
 P ilpitatiou of the Heart, Dyspepsia, Files Cos
 tiveness, Difiiculty of Making Water, Suppressioc
 ol the Menses, Excessive Menstruation, bite*
 St. Anthony’s Dance, Neuralgia, Uon.umotion ir
 iu first stages. General Weakness and Debili
 Congestion, Inflammation, Ulceration sod Elarge
 ment of the Uterus, Ac.
 During the last year more than fifty invalids,
 afflicted with almost ever, disease incipient to thr
 human system, were brought to this Institution oc
 he is, from 100 to 400 miles, in a helpless conditio*
 unable to stand alone or w&lt;lk without assistarci
 tut every patient improved beyond their expect.i
 tion. The emaciated increased from 10 to SO lb*
 in flesh, the accumulations of unhealthy flesh were
 reduced from 20 to 60 lit*., the ciooked became
 straight, tlie contracted chest enlarged from one t*
 five inches, the riba reduced to their natural pn.*i
 rion, the contracted limlm became elastic and usefu’
 the derangement of the mind relieved, the symetry
 of the person restored; and. all (h it have g w
 through a course of treatment have walked from 2
 118 mile* at a time, and from 10 to 20 mile 9 iu
 day, and endure I as much physical l.tlior before they
 left tat the institution ns per* m&lt; considering them
 selves healthy, and b t four or five of that numbei
 still remain, who have been treated but for a short
 time, but are in a fair way of recovering theii
 health. A great nuralter less feeble and only able
 to walk I tut i f w rode and set up but a short time
 iu a day, being confirme I invalids for years, had
 so far recovered before they I* ft the Institution as to
 ilk from to thirty two miles in a day, and en
 dure as inuch\lab&gt;r and fatigue as persons enjoying
 goo I health a\d working every dny for a living.
 The Proprietor of this In.tiution would nave it
 dire tlv un lerslOpd, that drugging the system is en*
 tirely thrown asirip, and that W. iter, Diet nnd Ex
 ercise are not bis reliable remedies, as the most
 difflc'ilt cases are cured without the use of water,
 any further than to sponge over once or twice a day,
 and a great number have been cured here after they
 had been under a most rigid course of water, diet
 nid exercise from four months to three years, in
 regular water-cure establishments, and were then
 brought here in a helpless condition, unable to sit
 up with &gt;ut fainting or siiffermg severe pain.
 We cannot give in a short cir ular the manner in
 which the Analytic Remedies operate to effect so
 speedy and effectual a restoration in so short a
 time, but we know they are entirely different from
 those of any other public insliiution or private prac
 tice jn this country; ami wc also knoiv that theii
 effects are so certain that we wish everv,individual
 who has any dotthu of being benefited would put
 ns to the severest ami surest test, a &gt;d not submit
 toem.elvei to our treatment until we had 11vanced
 the money to pay their expenses in coming and re
 turning from tins Institution, giv l n them a written
 contract to board and doctor «l»ein for nothing, make
 them able to walk from 5 to 20 miles a day, and be
 ble to endure as much physical labor as persons of
 ordinary health, ami to pay them any reasonable
 sum tit it they might think proper, from 910 ft to
 9500, for their trouble and time, if they should not
 be cured according to the contract.
 We have made tin* above propositions to give the
 •uff ring invalids who h ive spent hundreds and
 thousands of dollars without much or any benefit, a
 test by which they can distinguish the mere medical
 pretender whose cures exist on'y in newspaper
 puffs, circulars and handbills, from those who liave
 system of practice that is successful, an I upon which
 iliev cm depend with ceitaintv, and therefore will
 indemnify the invalid against the loss of money in
 making a tria' to recover health, Item use the\ know
 tliey can cure. F*r the mere lioarting empiric dare
 not and will not indemnify the patients against the
 loss ol theii money and injury they may sustain if
 unsuccessful, because he Ims no coiiiuienre in his
 own treatment, and cares not, any further than to
 obtain their mo iey, whether the cure is effected
 or not Invalids who see the above test, and still
 allow themselves to be deceived by the mere medical
 pretender, have no reason to complain if they 10.-e
 th dr money without recovering their health, as the
 proprietor of tlie Analytic Institution will insure
 them against the toruier, while he restore, the lat
 ter. But he does not wish to undervalue any system
 of practice, and only asks to be tested accoiding to
 the ab ive propositions L&gt;v that class of individuals
 who have been abandoned as incurable by all other
 systems of practi e, h iving anv or all of tlie dis
 eases described in this circular, and whealher tliey
 liare been confined to their beds one or twewy
 yeai«.
 lnv lids coming to the Institution on the state
 ments on thit circular, and finding them to be un
 true or exaggerated, I will pay all their expense*
 for coming and returning home again, and One
 Hundred D dl trs be* des for their time and trou le
 —my re*|&gt;onsihility can lie ascertained by directing
 a letter, post-paid, to tlie President of the Rochester
 City Bank.
 Any one wishing furthei inf rmation ran receive
 a book containing tlie particulars of the Institution,
 class of patients treated, list of cases cured, and tlie
 regulations of tlie establishment.
 All letters of inquiry must be post-paid and di*
 rec ed &gt;o Dr. Thomas Hamilton, 217 Exchange
 street, Rochester, N. Y, Dr. Hamilton is the pro-
 I prietor of the Ana ytic Institution, and is in no way
 connected with Halsted Hall, neitlier ia tiiepiactire
 the same, as Dr. Halsted knows nothing about the
 Analytic treatment. Let all invalids who come to
 Ko hosier for medical treatment satisfy themselves
 l wliere the most and greatest cures are effected. But
 some have been so mistaken a. to direct letters to Dr.
 Hamilton, Halsted Hall. Otliets have corresponded
 wit tlie proprietor of Halsted Hall, supposing Dr.
 I Hamilton was the attending phryiciau, as his name
 was always associated with tlie numerous cures anil
 long walk* thr l had been performed by the persons
 ruied in Rochester; and others who have been to
 Halsted Hall, through mistake, nave remained a
 short time, in consequence of tlie prop, ietor’s re
 presenting that he had treated certain cases &lt;hat had
 been cured in the Analytic Institution, but finding
 ibnse representations untrue, left the “Hall” and
 came to this e?tabli aliment for treatment; while
 some have remained to try his remedies, but not
 lieing lienefitied.have returned disappointed in the
 ecovery of their health, and calling the Rochester
 Institution a “humbug,” as the evidence of such
 great cures being effected, and such long walks per
 formed, was entirely wanting in that Institution
 But they were only mistaken in the p lace and pby
 sician.
 N B —Lectures on Anatomy and Phisology as
 applied to the restoration and preservation of health,
 are given weekly, free of expense, hy the proptietoi
 aud a lady well q inlified, who has charge of the
 gymnasium, thus making it a literary College ol
 Health. Religious exercises on the Habbatb.
 Apiil 10, 1851.
ATHOL WATER CURE.
 THE Subscriber begs leave to call the attention
 of Invalids, especially those suffering Iron
 chronic disease, to his hydropathic establishment in
 Athol, Mass.
 His house was opened for the reception of patient,
 ,»a.t season, and it is believed offers excellent facili
 ties for aphik*ophic and thorough course in hydro
 patliy. The supply of water is abuodaut, and in
 purity has been pronounced equal to water on a
 (distilled.” The location is quite eligible, being but
 a short distance from the V. M. railroad. Th«
 vicinity abounds in a variety of scenery, and has
 harming grounds for walks and rambles. So that
 with Ute water, suitable regimen, murntain air, ant'
 exercise, patients can scarcely foil to obtain tlx
 healthful resulu for which they labor.
 The following case illustrates this remark. Mrs.
 8., wife of Dea. 8., of Warwick, Mass., age&lt;
 ibout thirty-five years, was brought to me foot
 August. Her case presented die following pheno
 mena. If placed in an erect position, and left un
 supported, she forthwith fell backward to dx
 ground. If being well supported, she made ai:
 effort to walk, either foot, when carried forward,
 lespite her efforts to the coutrmry, would cross the
 nher. She had been in this condition nearly a
 year. Her treaiT.eut commenced die 16tb of Sept.,
 uid was continued to the 25th Oct. only, when sin
 eft, so far recovered as to be able to walk half s
 uile with eaae. Since her return to her family, she!
 ins coulinued her baths, with correspond tug im
 trovement to her health. She now attends to bet
 domestic duties, and with the assistance of a smal&gt;
 irl, does the work of her family,
 jc Patients are desired to bring three eomfortablee.
 lon pair ef woollen blankets, one pair of sheets,
 taif a dosen towels marked, with old linen tot
 Tonus, from five to ten dollars per week, accord
 ing to the necessities or choice of the patients
 Those who ere less particular in tha selection oi
 rooms, or are willing to occupy them in common
 with others, will be charged less.
 Athol, March, 1448. GEORGE HOYT.
lilMs Eclectic Metical Isstitate
 ait Waler-Cire E&amp;taMishaeat.
 rlia Institution has bees in successful operation
 during fourteen years, for the cure of alt Chronic
 Diseases,and such as oaatnt be removed by aaedi
 •iae alone.
 MORE THAN THREE THOUSAND Pa
 'Mats hare been restored to health and usefulness
 iy the treatment pursued at this Institution, who
 onld not find nlief by any other course of medi
 •iae. Hundreds who had beea confined to their
 &lt;eds for years, and who were almost in despair,
 had renewed hope and courage when they have
 .earned that others, laboring under as many discour
 igemauts as thews'-Ivee, have been cured by this
 treatment after everything else had failed.
 Those who are laboring under CHRONIC, NER
 VOUS, or SPINAL difficulties, CURVATURES,
 Ac., which produce symptoms ol almost all other
 liseaees, with their accompaniments—as DYB
 A,RHEUMATISM,NEURALGIA, CO§-
 riVENESS, LOSS OF THE USE OF THE
 LIMBS, NUMBNESS, LOW SPIRITS, PAR
 TIAL INSANITY, and a host of other diseases
 ■rising from the same cause—SPINAL WEAK
 VESS, which they nor their physicians understand,
 md ftkicb medicine alone will not cure—to such
 uferers we would say, we are curing hundreds just
 ike you every year. Physicians brlnif their wives
 md children to have them cured—why not come
 yourselves, and save life, time and money 1
 We are using water in all the various ways in
 which it isapplied in water-cure establishments; yet
 we do not rely selely upon it, or npon medicines as
 hey are generally understood and a|tplied; but a
 COMBINED TREATMENT WITH ELECTRICITY,
 and a new mode of application which truly is magi
 cal im its efficacy, and is always sure to cure, in one
 half the time it takes under any other treatment,
 dlowing that treatment to lie successful, which is out
 the case one time in ten.
 Female Diseases. —Prolapsus Uteri (falliag
 of cite womb,) Leucorrhea, [whites] suppressed and
 excessive menstruation, the diseases incident to
 that period known as the turn of life’—involuntary
 discharge of urine and injuries from Childbearing,
 which are more frequent than Physicians are w illing
 to acknowledge, especially within their own practice.
 Females frequently suffer for years from the diseases
 incident to their sex, and linger out a life of help
 lessness and pain, when a few weeks’ or at most a
 few months’treatment, would remove their difficulties
 and restore them to their families, with health to
 labor, to enjoy themselves, and to contrilaite to the
 happiness of others. This has never tailed to be
 accomplished in a single instance in this Institution,
 however weak and helpless the patient may have
 tieen on entering it. Many have come hundreds of
 miles on beds, in easy chairs, by boat, by carriage
 and railroad, who had not walked for years. These
 ladies have walked miles daily before leaving the
 Institution.
 Suck tt our knowledge and confidence m this unper
 alelled treatment for all long standing or Chrome dis
 eases, of whatever kind or nature, that we will offer the
 folbtwing
 PROPOSITION:
 We will enter into a special written agreement with
 such as desire U, who enter the Institution, follow the
 rules and regulations, and go through the system of
 treatment, to pay their travelling expenses to and from
 the Institution, and board, lodge and nurse them, and
 give them our professional services, free of charge, if
 they are not helped according to agreement. This it is
 hoped will pul a stop to cries of empyricism from
 l hone interested in keeping patients under their own
 charge, and will be a guarantee to those worn out
 by disease, who have spent much of their substance
 in procuring medicine, and seeking relief, without
 finding it; that here they will not S|*uu uieir money
 without beaetil, and that no false statements or im
 positions will be practiced upon them.
 The modus operandi of curing Female difficulties is
 a new discovery and practised only at this Institution.
 Hie. most helpless and feeble casts, who have been con
 fined for years, ait relieved immediately, and if not pre
 vented from walking by OTHER diseases, can go ud
 and down states in 48 hours after commencing treatment,
 without fear or trouble in regard to their original dif
 ficulty. To produce this almost instantaneous relief,
 the patient is subjected to no pain or inconvenience, and
 in every instance a speedy cure is performed. If any
 one doubts let them select the most trying and diffi
 cult case they can find, and test out veracity and shill.
 Our TERMS are easy.
 N. B.—Any one wishing to know more about our
 system of treatment for Lung diseases or any othti
 difficulty can address us [post paid] and we will
 send them an accountof the Institution—Certificates
 of cure—official report of last year, Ac., free 01
 chuge—together with the most resjiecuble refer
 ences in the city and country.
 F. B.—Our room is limited, therefore we want
 none to apply that can be cured at home. We pride
 ourselves in curing wbat others are not fortuuale
 enongh to do.
 Communications should be addressed to II alsted
 Hall, Medical Institute, Rochester, N. Y. f post
 paid.
 References. —Joseph Field Ex-Mayor, and
 Rev. G. VV, Montgomery, Rochester, N. Y.
“Every Man his own Physician.”
 THE HOME DOCTOR.
 JUST PUBLISHED, a new and valuable book
 for every family in tlie country, and one that may
 be consulted with perfect safety. A a it* title page
 indicates, it in “THE HOME DOCTOR, or Family
 Manual, giving the causes, symptoms and treatment
 of Diseases; with an account oi the syßtem while in
 health, and rules for preserving that state. Appen
 dedtn which are recipes for making various medi
 cines and articles for diet for the sick room. The
 w hole written for general use and daily|practice, by
 Joliu B. Newman, M. D.”
 Also, accompanying this book, or separate, is
 “THE HERB BOOK, a book devoted exclusively
 to Herbs, giving their names, varieties,description,
 medical properties and doses, use, time ot gatheriiig,
 and many other directions very useful for every fain*
 ily to know, and written expressly for family use."
 The Herb Book is devoted solely to Popular Med
 cal Botany, and will furnish on that point all tin
 nesired information wanted for genera I use.”
 The two books are put up and bound together and
 contain 200 pages, price 25 cents,or sold separate
 at 12 Ji cents.
 The symptoms of each disease are carefully giver
 so tiint one may be recognized from another, to pr*
 vent practising in the dark; also the treatment, a
 sketch of general physiology, and rules lor keeping
 in health, together w ith observations on their causes,
 means of avoiding deleterious influences, and sue!
 oilier remarks as are ieemed appropriate, for botl
 male and female
 The book has been written with great care, ii
 plain, simple, common-sense style easily to be un
 derstood by every person, and by a practical physi
 eiau awl a thorough botanist. We can recoinmem
 it with entire confidence, as being a work supci in,
 in all respects to any other book of the kind eve'
 published at the price.
 Families in the country, and especially those liv
 mg in new countries and unhealthy donates, shouk
 not fail to procure a copy and have it at all times
 hand, in case of sickness as they might thereby b»
 some simple remedy save an expensive and prolrat
 ted doctors bill. Whether well or sick, such a boo*
 should lie in every house as a safe and sure advise."
 m time of need, the direction given for persons i.
 health cannot be too strictly atteded to by all.
 The price at which the book is sold is so low that
 every family may have a copy, and none should be
 without it.
 Tlie book is put up in Paper binding, and cat
 easily be sent by mail. Postage only 6j cents to an\
 aartofthe United States.
 QO* Any person sending us one dollar by mai, an&lt;
 pre-paying postage on tlie letter, shall have fou
 copies sent him frer. of portage.
 gcua in your orderss, there is no lisk in sending
 money by mail, it comes to us daily, and the book,
 always reach ih'V destination.
 fQ- Four families can club together and send a
 dollar bill, and have four books sent to one aduresr
 WANTED—Agents in most of the States to sel
 this work, almost every family will purrhase it i
 carried to their doors. A small capitul of from
 to 850 will be necessary for each agent. Address,
 ■wnT paid, GEO. W. FISHER,
 April 1,1849. 6 Exchange-st, Rochester. N. Y
JUST PUBLISHED aad for sale at the office t
 of the Anti Slavery Standard—
 l"be Legion of Liberty and Force of Troth ltl
 edition.
 This work contains about 280 pages of dost
 reading; 800 eminent authorities, and about aixt&gt;
 illustrative engravings. Price 37 i cts. in musliu
 and 25 cents in paper covers. A very liberal dis
 count to dioee who purchase a number of copies.
 The Condition, Influence Rights and Appeal o'
 Women from various authors, 12$ cents.
 Letter to the People of the United States touching
 the Matter of Slavery. By Theodore Parker.-
 pp. 120. Price 18$ cents.
 Wm. W. Brown’s Lecture before the Female A 8.
 Society of Salem Ma**« Reported by U. M#
 Parkhurst, Boston.—pp. 22. Price 6 cents.
Aitl-SUvery Olte,
 No. 31, North Fifth Street, Philadelphia.
 A FULL assortment of anti-slavery publication
 is kept constantly on hand. Also a bandsom
 variety of miscellaneous publications, nod usetu
 iind Fancy Stationery.
 All letters relating to the husineas of the office
 to be directed to J. Miller McKim, 81, North
 Fifth-street, Philadelphia. jul—tf
JOHN D. REVALEON, Hair Cutting Saloon
 and Porftumery Emporium, 114, Bhrimms
FREE PRODUCE STORE.
 VTEW GOODS just reemd. Gwwra) raduedo.
 iv in prices.
 Fine 4-4 Prints varioos styes.
 New styles of Print* of nuifcw quality, seaalwidrh.
 Fine and wide Paper Undine. Aim Ookrw*
 Cambrics.
 Curtain Calico. Superior Bne dints Umbrellas
 Oil Cloths.
 Satinets, good and cheap. Abo on band, axnrtly a
 reduced prices Gingham varioos qualities and
 style*.
 Fine end henry Shirting, Sheetings, and PtUnw
 Muslins.
 Striped Cambrics. Fine 64 Pbid Muslin.’’
 Muelin de Lame, pUin and watly figured, nil wool.
 Linens, warranted free frea cotton.
 Flannels 4-4 good and pries low. Canton fianimb
 white and colored.
 Table Diaper and Cloths, ofdifferent styles.
 Apron and FurtiHure Check. Cotton HandknrdHUfo.
 Cotton Twilled Pantaloon Staffs. Abe Limn
 Drilling Ac.
 Ijong and half Hone, fine aai heavy.
 Knitting Cotton, various No., bleached, brown,and
 colored.
 Wadding white and colored Cotton Laps. Abo,
 Refined Loaf Crushed and folverised Sugar.
 Brown Sugar good quality,of various grades.
 The whole stock exclusively Free Labor Goods,
 to which the Subscriber wtuld invite the attention
 of country merchants ns wet as his friends sad An
 public generally.
 Much pains is taken by tb Managers of tLe Fran
 Produce Association, to assst the Subscriber to en
 large the assortment from tine to time.
 GEORGE W. TAYLOR,
 Northwest corner Fifth and CbemMSta
 Philadelphia 2d mo. Ist, £4B. tf
V W, MEfrJHANT r S*
 E L b; 14 If A 1 1 I*
 o Alu.l.r o 0i1..|
 .Fills Hoists iV HI 'I I*l LMl.i
 r r a
UNPAKALLED IN TFE HISTORY OP
 MEBICIFE
 AI TH MOST
 Remarkable Exlerial Application
 Erer Discovered!
 TIME and experience hare fully proved that tbia
 UNIVERSAL RF.MEi) Y ha* nut ita equal
 on the list of popular mediums, having been before
 tlie public for more than foureen years. Testimo
 ny ©f tlie most disinterested character of its won
 derful effects on the animal eonoiny is almost daily
 presented to the proprietor. It is worthy of spe
 cial remark, that beside the gnat and extraordinary
 powers in the cure of
 MS EASES OF THE HORSE,
 in which its virtues first attracted the attention ot
 the Farrier and Farmer, and the wonder of the
 public generally, it has been siccessfiilly employed
 in a great variety of the inn lades which
 AFFLICT THE HUMAN RACE.
 Ignoiance of facts and philwophy, start at the
 assertion that any one remedy can possess within
 itself tbe virtue ot curing many diseases. Experi
 ence nf more than fourteen yean has nevertheless
 established the fact, that Merchant's Celebrated
 Gargling Oil, or Universal Family Embrocation,
 will cure most cases and relieve iuch as the follow
 ing, anx-ng many others in the cure of which this
 Oil has been completely successful and in which eth
 er p-etraded remedies have completely failed:
 RH •iUMATISM PAINFUL NERVOUS AF.
 fe-liofi, Rites of Animals, Frost Bites, Coins,
 Roils, Whitlows, Asthma, Rouses, Burns,
 ami Scalds, Cramps, Straus, Sprains,
 Ulcers from local causes, Caknd
 Breasts, Contractions of the mus
 cles, Wounds, Swellings, See.
 Also a host of diseases
 in Horses and otW
 animals .such as
 SPA VINS,
 Sweeney*
 RINGBONE,
 Windgall, Poll Evil,
 Callous, Cracked Heels,
 Galls of all kinds,
 Fresh Wounds, Bruises,
 Fistula, Bitfaat, Strains, Lameness,
 Sand Cracks, Foundered Feet, Scratciws,
 OR UREASE, MANGE, FARCY
 Numerous are the unsolicited statements of pa
 lien's lbem:ielves,aiid others who have used the Oil
 of euro, which in themselves appear so remarkable
 that weretliey at all interested iu a pecuniary point,
 they could hardly have been credited.
 The celebrated Dr. Parker also writes as follows:
 Dear Sir: I have prescribed your Gargling Oil in
 various cases of
 PRACTICAL SURGERY,
 as a liniment, with marked success, and would com
 menu it to physicians generally fur external nee Hi
 all confusions, tumors, sprains, white awe.iinga,
 and in all rheumatic affections, where external
 means are necessary. As a discutient, it is uanu
 less where tlie febrile symptoms have been reduced
 by general treatment, in such cases, it is the most
 -fficient remedy within the circle ol means uow in
 use.
 I would also recommend it to community at large
 as a safe and |iowerlW remedy w here there is no
 general fever in all the above diseases, to be used
 freely, and to counteract inflammation in a remark
 able manner. Id Isruised wounds it prevents swell
 &gt;g, and consequent soreness in hot weather.
 From the peculiar nature of this Oil, and tbe
 unparalleled success it has met with in the hands ot
 the FARRIER, FARMER and STAGE PRO
 PRIETOR, it is but justice to say, that of the
 great number of medicines which have been offered,
 none have teen sr; well adapted to tbe prompt cure
 of Diseases to which Horses are liable; it lias been
 very justly called a Complete Panacea for the Horse
 For instance, read the lollowing:
 TO OWNERS OF HOn^ES.
 This is to certify that 1 have had fer many yean the
 care of from one hundred to two hundred horses,
 and have m:ide use of Merchant’s Gargling Oil for
 iwo years put, and can safely say, that for all the
 diseases that horses are liable to, 1 never saw its
 equal. I use about one bottle per month, and re*
 eommend it to the public as the best medicine for
 hoises now in use. E D MINOR.
 All orders addressed to tbe proprietor will be
 promptly responded to.
 Get a pamphlet of the Agent, and see what won
 ders are accomplished by the use of this medicine.
 Bold by respectable dealers generally in the Uni
 ted States and Canada.
 Also by Post Willis, Wm. Pitiin, L. B,
 Swan, Winslow \ouno, H. D. Wads
 Rochester.
 H E Gaylord, Henderson It Panderson, Cleve
 laud, O.; G Ding Sou, Columbus, O.; Gordon
 St Israel, Cincinnati, O.; McClure It Co, Albany;
 (ioilister Co, Buffalo; Greemuan k Smith, Uti
 a; P D Orris k Co,Troy, NY. July 13—-6 ni^
 British Periodicti Literature,
 The London Quarterly Renew, the Edinburgh Review
 The North British Renew, the Weetmm er Renew
 and Blackwood's Edinburgh Mugaxtne.
 rHE widespread tame ot tliese splendid periodi
 cals renders it needless to say much ia tbeir praise.
 Is literary organs, they stand far in advance of
 iij tiling of the sort now published, while the polit
 ical complexion of each is marked by a dignity,
 candor, and forbearance, not often found ia works
 if a party character.
 i They embrace dm views of die three great parties
 in England'—Tory, Whig, and Radical. Black
 vood and 'die London Quarterly are Tory; the
 Edinburgh Review Whig; and the Weaunia
 ter Review Radical. Tba North British Re
 view is more of a religious character, having been
 ■riginally edited by Dr. Chalmers, and now, silica
 his death, lieing conducted by his son-in-law, L&gt;
 (anna, associated with Sir David Brewster. Its
 iterary character is of the very highest order. Tbe
 VVestm.iuter, though reprinted wider that title only
 s publjveed n England under the title of Tbe For
 eign Q uartei y and Westminster—it being ia fact a
 union of the w,» Reviews formerly republished and
 r printed wm er separate titles. It has, therefore,
 Jie advanLtfcti by this combination of uniting in one
 work the be* t features of both as Ueretoloie issued.
 The above Periodicals aie repriuted iu New York,
 iiumdiately oa their arrival by the British steamers,
 in a beautiful clear type, oa Sue white paper, and
 •re faithful copies of the originals, Blackwood’s
 Magazine, being an sanct/ac-weeßol tbe Edinburgh
 edition.
 kicks ro« 1849, (ir scmcribed for kakly.)
 For any one id the four Reviews, #3 00 per anmua
 For any two d° 900
 For any three do 700
 For all four o the Reviews, 8 00
 For Blackwood’s Magazine, 8 00 M
 For Blackwood and the 8 Reviews, 9 00
 For Black* o «i the 4 Reviews, 10 00
 Payments to be made in all eases in advance,
 CLUBBING.
 Four copies of any or nil the above works wiU
 ,enl to one address on payment of tbe regular euo
 s cription for tliree—the fourth copy lieing gratis.
 EARLY COPIES.
 A late arrangement with tot British publishers o
 Blackwood’s Magaaioe secures to ns early sheets ot
 that work, by which we shaft be able to pfaoe the
 entire number iu the hands of subscribers be*ne anj
 portion of it ctm be reprinted in any of the A menu*
 Journals. FoMhia ami other advantages seemed to
 our subscriber.! wo pay so large a mnsntersuon, rfcnt
 we may be compelled to raise tl e pr.ee of Ufa Mags
 sine. Therefore we repeat “subset tbe aariy-wbile
 the price is ton.
 Remittances end cctonmnicntioe should sways
 Nifilto.luwi, New Y«|| _
"
