"P 0 C t r ty.
From T*h’» Klintwrxh M.ijaiiry.
 JBFFKftSOX’B DAUGHTER.
 It i* »»rrtcil f n*i lh* wiChnniT of in A«ori***
 N-wwnspcr.t’nt tl*i- Hno?!*f(r f ITiomm J»(R&gt;r» ii,j
 la»* mii !r&gt;tt of *V I'lHiml dioin, «*o toll
 Nor Or!e*n* f.«r £l.&lt;XK&gt;/*—•JfoTu'** I
 On th* lilont tfc*t r al Le%in»*tn«*. powwl o'er 0*
 plain.
 Uli' n the *&lt;&gt;n* «arrcJ n i(b Ijrant* their right* to
 Cat iSe ii Ic of m ip* out *hr stain!
 No! Jcflfnn'i chi* ha* fa*en bartered for goM!
 U xoti boa«t of your freehn! P(arr, fwlfchn
 he Mill;
 Pnto i&gt;-.t of tU* *d irw who nrarre «leij;rw In hear.
 H«»* y |Xi’.v*r t*» unhin.l ,\rr v* tnotin*; in will!
 Most the :»r.«vw of ytitr U.ivlnuo Mill tort ate the
 ear!
 Tltf of soil fir a thru!
 ’i or chil l of a freeman ftr dollar* siu.l fran*-*!
 i lie roar of »ppl;uwn, when your orator* rare,
 In lo*t in the son vl of Iter rUam, a* it rl*nk*.
 Pear'*, then, j« blaaptwmrni of Liberty’* name’
 Thoug’.t re l was t!»e Ifol by your forefather* »j»»lt,
 Mtill re I W your cheek* ikxiU be mantled with
 I’nra',
 Till I’.i-* «,iiril 1 4 f.ce.loui &gt;haH ratrsl the gnilt.
 t!ie liraivl of i!»e »lave is tin; lint of hi* *hin,
 Tltnujh hi* lien limy lieat tojal and true under*
 neatli;
 T\ iiile tl»r mi! of I:*.* tyrant i* rotten within,
 An I hi* while the mere ri mk to tile hlarkoe** of
 ilcath.
 Are jre deaf to the plaints that each mom -nt an***!
 I it tln» jr I th' mil I juxeep!.* of Penn,—
 l th? rlaiaar tlut “ana I lea* the shir*,”
 A« ye trample the of your dark ft ll iw*u»-n!
 '1?1 tin iaeen«e that glow* l«'f &gt;rr ?.Party's »hrrie,
 I? u imix?J with the blood of tiie filled and op
 prc**e:l,~
 Oil, then, and then &lt;»n!v, t!ie boast mar he thine r
 'I hat t!ir *nipt-&gt; aaJ stir* wave o’er a lanl of tSie
 Ukrt.
 From tli;? Dublin Nati m.
 THE VOICE AND PEN.
 €Ht, tin* orator** voice is a niipity power,
 As it #r!» »rs from sliorc to shore,
 Atil the fearless pen ho» nwrc naiyo’er men,
 Thau tin- mnrderoM* raonon’* roar:
 XV hat Iwwt the Hiai.i far o’er the main,
 And bnglituns the captive’* dent
 I’is th? f-»arl»?s* j&gt;en an I voice of power—
 Hurrth! f h the voice and pen!
 11 ruth!
 llu rah’ for die voice and j»cn!
 The tyrant knave* who deny onr rights,
 'l'ae tyrant kriava* who deny our right*, t
 And the coward* who hlanrh with fear,
 Eviaim with g:i&gt;e—“ .No arms have y*,
 .Nor cannon, nor sword, nor *pear!
 Voor lull* arc &lt;&gt;ors, w ith o:u forts m l towers,
 Wt are masters of mount and glca!”
 Tyrants, hen arc! lor tlic ami- »ve bear
 Aie tha voice and the firm less pen!
 I l.irrah!
 Hurrah for tire voice and penf
 Thriioh yonr horsemen staal with tlicir bridles i t
 band.
 An! yonr sentinels walk around—
 Tiuv.’gh your utatches llarc in th« midnight air,
 An i your hrar.cn trumpet* sound—
 Oh, the orator’* tuigrur shall be heard among
 These listening warrior men;
 An l th-y’ll quickly say, Why should we sljy
 Our friends of the voice un i pen!
 Hurrah!
 Hurrah for the voice and pen!
 When the Lord create 1 th: earth and sea,
 The star* and the glorious nun,
 The Godhead spoke, and universe woke,
 An l the mighty work was done!
 Let a w ord h.» fl i ig from the orator’* tongue,
 Or a drop from the fearless pen,
 An I the chains accurac? I asunder burnt,
 That fettered the minds of men!
 Hurrah!
 Hurrah! for the v .ire and pen!
 Oh, these are the sword* with which we fight,
 The arm* in which we trust
 Which no tyrant hand will dare to brand—
 Which time cannot dim or rust!
 Wlwn those we bore wc triumphed licforc—
 With these we’ll triumph again;
 Ami the world will say, No paper can stay
 The voice and the fcat le«s pen!
 Hurrah!
 1
 Iftirrah! for the voice and pen!
 NEVER SAY FAIL.
 Keep pushing—’tis wiser
 'Phan sitting asi lc,
 Ar.d dreaming and signing,
 And waiting the tide.
 In life’* earnest battle,
 They only prevail,
 ho daily in irrli onward.
 And neTsr say fail.
 T\ ilh an eye ever oj?en,
 A long ic that’s not dunih,
 And a heart that will never
 To sorrow succumb;
 You'll ittle and eoiiijiier,
 Tn :gh thoueand* assail;
 li-iw strong and how mighty,
 Who never say fail.
 'Flic spirit of angels
 Is active, I know.
 As higher and luglicr
 In glory they go;
 Hethiuks, or. blight pinions
 From Heaven they sail,
 To ebeer ami encourage,
 oo never say fail.
 Ahead, then, keep pushing.
 And clb hi your way,
 FullerJing the envious,
 Vu t asses iliat bray
 All obstacles vanish.
 All e;n ii.ic* retail,
 In the might of tiicir wisdom,
 Wh j never ray fail.
 la life’s r **y morning,
 In nu di e tii in pride,
 Let this U the motto
 I our toot steps to g'liik-;
 In «t &gt;rai an S in sunshine,
 hatever a»s.ul.
 We’ll onward and r iti&lt;|uiT,
 And never say fail.
 I WOULD NOT LIVE ALWAYS.
 I would not ivr always I n«k not In May
 Wte re B must hear dw lauikn mod h«nt of thrday:
 lu*ie niy Imhlv iretif with rtsr horror the cord,
 A*ul a hovel and hunger arc alfiiK reward.
 I would not live always, wlierc-life is a load
 To the flesh and tin* spirit; since there It an abode
 For toe mull diaeiithralh-d, let me breath* m* last
 hseatli,
 Aid rej*&gt;»e io tiiine arm*,my iklircter, fteath!
 I woof l not li*e alW«y»,to toil a» a slave
 Ok i*»,tl me rr»r, thoie.h I rest in my grave-
 For tlmrc, from tlir-ii troubliiig tin. wicked shall
 ccaae,
 AuJ,lm« feotn hi* mustej die slave la- at |*ace.
 1 rant oar.
Sc lections.
JOHN G. PAtPIBV.
 An eloquent writer «ejra of Mr. Pal
 frcjr:
 Opinion followa hfm now, at at last
 it nhritys will follow a food man, who
 knows the responsibility he takes, and
 takes it firmly, and carries it through
 with the countenance and power of a
 man. The cause to which Mr. Palfrey
 has given himself, shall increase, and
 mount above all other causes, if the
 nation live down this war. We owe
 him our gratitude. We pay him nor
 gratitude. We hail him with the de
 votion of longings fulfilled. 'Fite cause
 of human liberty has at length found a
 heart anti tongue devoted to if irr Con
 i gresa, adequate to its great import.
 Gravely has that tongue fulfilled a sa
 cred ofiioc of utterance. It has stated
 what a high and righteous patriotism
 I thinks of the republic, in the house
 where such patriotism is a stranger.-
 He loves his country with a deeper
 love than the politicians who gsrthrr
 tlicre, and hence his words have a cor
 responding depth of tone. lie has
 made duty and morality parliamentary.
 Hail to the schoolmaster who teaches
 the south our lessons. He shall pre
 vail.
 The cause of man shall live. To
 this Mr. Palfrey has allied himself. It
 shall exalt him. Another generation
 shall know his name. He is doing the
 work which they stall feel as their in
 heritance of blessing, and therein he
 will be theirs. The reputation which
 wc find in the strifes of to-day’s inter
 ests, will then be dead, and the name
 built upon it. What a man has done
 i for man, for the cause of man, ideal
 izes his name aud upholds him to com
 ing ages. The rest goes to sleep in
 the grave of to-day’s interests, when
 the sun is set.
 The man who perpetuates himself by
 attaching his life to the eternity of a
 principle, he shall live. A devoted
 man mounts an idea, and it becomes
 j 7
 air and wings to him. It gives to him
 its own space and time. It becomes
 j his measure. When he is in his grave
 his spirit walks the earth in its life, and
 acts in its virtue.
 The future shall know Mr. Palfrey.
 The future shall pronounce that he has
 done manfully in his work from begin
 ning to end. The future shall stand
 by him, in his firm will, and in his way.
 If these United Startes liavc a national
 existence continued into a peaceful
 future, it shall only be by wills and
 ways like his. A great will makes a
 great way. Greatness lies in a great
 purpose, more than in great gilts.
 The salvati on of this union to another 1
 generation, requires a Northern nature)
 in Northern mens henceforth. North-!
 cm men, yielding to, or adopting
 Southern principles, have led the Union
 to this crisis of its history. If it sur
 vive this generation, it is to he by the j
 consent of Southern men with North-!
 era principles, to Northern men w ith
 Northern principles, all breathing to-
 gether, or ia a glorious conspiracy for
 liberty. Mr. Palfrey has given the
 sign for that consent. Thereupon the
 eloquent old patriarch of Congress, the
 tongue of fire, now silent in death—
 that never faltered with fear, or favor,
 or hope of reward, thanks God. God
 be praised.’ said Mr. Adams, at the;
 close of Mr.. Palfrey’s Speech, the
 scads are broken, now' the door is open.’
 And an eye-witness, describing the
 scene of the speech, says, ‘it was
 especially interesting to witness the
 eagerness with which the Southern
 men crowded around bis seat, and lis
 tened to his discourse, and as fre
 quently, in his philosophical manner,
 he would illustrate some of their weak
 points, particularly those of Clingman,
 in his famous historical erjwse, they
 wore quite unable to contain them
 selves, and slapped their sides in
 childish glee. It was the first anti
 slavery speech I ever saw slaveholders
 listen to patiently.* What power is
 in the Northern man with Northern
 principles! What respect waits upon
 his words, when they represent con
 science in Congress before the South!
 Southern men cluster round him with
 eagerness to listen to his principles,
 and slap their sides- in childish glee at
 the ridiculous absurdities of their own
 principles, which have ruled and well
 nigh ruined our country. And what
 was true in Congress ut tine speech of
 Mr. Palfrey, was always true there.
 Northern conscience would always
 tave had its respect tlierc, if Northern
 conscience had dutifully set itself to
 I speak. It is late now, but not too late.
 The seals are broken—the door is
 open. Through that door, those who
 have the will to save their country,
 may enter in, to their sacred work.
THE NATURAL AND THE SPIR
 ITUAL.
 “The impressions made upon the sands
 of human actions and human passions
 during the year that is passed, are now
 hardened and fixed in stone. As the
 soft substance of clay receiving the
 impression of the waters and marking
 their motion, course and flow, becomes
 at length a rock, whose imperishable
 engravings are read by succeeding
 generations, and as the growth and
 products of trees and the anatomy of
 animals of different ages, make their
 impressions in the earth, w hich anon,
 hardening into stone, reveals their
 form* and characteristics,to subsequent
 periods, so the tablets of time passed,
 retain and reveal the actions, the pas
 sions, the cvc i ts w hich are to be fully
 disclosed when fv* strata shall be bro
 ken up and the deposit of different
 ages und every race shull be read in
 the great day of final revelation. This
 is the true Eternity of temporal things.
 Who would think that the yielding
 sand in w'hich the footstep of the passer
 by leaves its impression, should reveal
 that foot-print a thousand years after
 wards to the men of a remote genet a
 tion? Who would believe, uniess it
 had been *o abundantly proven, that
 the figures wrought in the soft clay,
 made in sport, which the next rain
 might be expected to wash away,
 should appear in another age graven in
 die rock as with a pen of iron? These
 results science has demonstrated in the
 natural world. They are, in the moral
 world, indicated by experience and al-
I te*ted by revelation. What hi extrt
 ordmary sad beautiful analogy is this!
 As in the natural world the most mi
 nute traces of the lowest forms of ac
 tion are disclosed by a process at once
 universal and exact, so the words wa
 speak, the thoughts we conceive, the
 actions we perform, remain fixed in the
 eternal record. Philosophers say that
 the atmosphere retains and reverberates
 every uttered sound forever. We make
 our thoughts, our words, and our ac
 lions in time, our companions through
 eternity. With what importance does
 this view clothe the life that now is,
 with what power the things which we
 are apt to regard as idle dreams, which
 seem to perish as they pass, but whose
 shadows falling on the curtains of eter
 nity are fastened forever. What an
 event is the beginning of a New Year,
 in which we are to write Jor the world
 ito come, on the strata of which—to
 pursue our geological figure—all ac
 tions are to be graven as with the point
 Jof a diamond upon a tablet of adamant
 1 for an everlasting record How do
 these thoughts dignify the passing mo
 ment and the passage of the years of
 time, on whose fleeting sands are writ
 ten, the enduring records, w'hich,
 for good or ill, we are to read through
 out the cycles of our endless exist
 ence.’*—Dr. Lord.
GEORGE THOMPSON, 3f. T.
 There is not a public man in England
 who has risen so rapidly from the
 crowd of common men into public j
 notice, as George Thompson, reputed
 to be one of the most eloquent men
 in Britain, now M. P. for the Tower
 Hamlets. The progress of a man of
 genius is an instructive lesson, illus
 trating, as it does, the inherent strength
 of an independent mind, and its gradual
 victories over seemingly invincible cir
 i ctrmstances. The history of George
 Thompson gives powerful evidence of
 high intellectual courage and moral
 firmness; and it afso shows to what
 seemingly fortuitous and trivial occur-i
 rences meu may owe the bias of their)
 lives.
 George Thompson was born in
 Liverpool, and received a common;
 education. We do not know that he;
 was bred to any profession in youth
 he, however, early began to educate,
 himself as a debater. The active minds,
 that were being developed in Britain,
 'during the first quarter of the nine- j
 {tcenth century, associated themselves!
 i into clubs, for the discussion of the 1
 various political questions that agitated j
 society and George Thompson, when'
 .quite a youth, was a prominent member;
 of one of these. Young as he was, and
 strong as the passion for intellectual
 victory would assuredly be in a young
 man conscious of his talents, he formed i
 a resolution, which w f as as creditable
 to his heart, as his life-long adhesion to j
 it has been honorable to his consistency, j
 It was, never to argue in favor of what:
 he did not believe to he right.
 Less than twenty years ago, a lady j
 1 called at a certain mercantile house in
 London, soliciting a situation for a
 young man to whom forty pounds a
 year would be an object. The applica-!
 i tion failed and, luckily for himself and
 his country, George Thompson was
 left awhile longer on his own resources.
 —Some time subsequently, a vestry:
 meeting took place in Clerkenwell, for!
 the purpose of levying a rate, in order;
 to carry out some scheme in c jnnection
 with the State Church. Pompous, j
 portly men, who had hitherto settled ail
 these things in their owa way, assem
 bled, and engaged in grave debate.
 The people w ere not so well schooled
 then in opposing corporate mandates,,
 as they are now, and they looked oil i
 and listened to the serious process ol
 pocket-picking that was going on be- 1
 fore them, but had not power to oppose, i
 j At last a young man who kept a coffee- j
 house in the church ward, rose and
 raised his voice feebly, at first, and
 falteringly did that eloquent tongue 1
 utter its first public protest against
 corruption. Deacons and vestry-men
 looked great and grave and profound,
 and there was a sort of traditional ven
 eration attached \o their names and:
 station, which the orator fell, as he'
 looked at their fat, spectacled faces,
 turned up to him in wonder and ainaze
 mciit. But he was not to be frowned
 down, and a few encouraging demon
 strations from his astonished fellow-j
 citizeqp dispelled his timidity. He
 warmed with his subject, and as he
 w armed he rose in courage and clo
 (quence, until he fairly overwhelmed
 the venerable clique with derision and
 sarcasm, and led the people to reject
 the proposed rate by an overwhelming!
 majority.
 An account of this meeting, and of
 the party played in it by the coffee
 house keeper, reached Henry Broug
 ham, then engaged in the struggle for
 negro emancipation and the result
 was that George Thompson left his
 business in Clerkenwell to some less
 talented or more congenial spirit, and
 mounted the public rostrum as the
 advocate of the slave.
 Mr. Thompson is a most accomplish
 ed and splendid orator. He possesses
 every qualification of such, and from
 the lips of Lord Brougham, himself at
 one time styled the British Cicero, he
 has received the highest laudations for
 his eloquence. Eloquence is not the
 highest of George Thompson’s qualifi
 cations, however; he possesses in an
 eminent degree the quality of moral
 courage. No matter how strong the
 prejudice agaiust his principles, or how j
 virulent the opposition manifested to!
 himself—this fearless man never
 faltered.
 In 1H32 and 1833, he traversed
 Great Bntain, lifting his voice against
 the apprentice probation, from boudage
 to liberty, which was to continue in;
 operation for seven years in the West j
 Indies. In 1834, the negroes in the!
 British colonics were free. In 1835,
 full o fjoy st the triumph of justice and
 liberty in his own land, he went to
 America in order to |peed the advent
 of emancipation there. But the spirit
 of Slavery was far more virulent in the j
 land of Franklin and John Quincy
 Adams, than ever it had been in Bri-1
 tain for in the city where stands old j
 Fancuil Hail, the tar kettle was heated
 and the gibbet erected, in order to
 debate with this foreigner, who bad
 i dared to come from a land of monarchy
 and aristocracy to tell to republican j
 Awcri.’Rlhat Americans were men.
if the mb uf George Thump— could
 have secured freed*** to the American
 stare, we believe that he would have
 cheerfully USd ft down: hut neither
 defy nor utility culled upon him to weed
 leaely expeee htepreewms life to the
 fbry of a pro-slavery mob; and so,
 shaking from bis feet the dust of New
 England’s ground as testimony against
 her, he returned home to speak in
 favor of freedom where bn at lend dared
 to speak. He was engaged by the
 Pence' Socirty of London, to propagate
 their principles, sod to edoeate public
 opinion regarding an international
 arbitration policy mid he also lifted
 bis voiee for the repeal of the Corn
 Laws, while the country was agitated
 to her core upon that quest ion.
 Five or six years ago, he went to
 India with the celebrated Parsec mer
 chant and philanthropist, Tagore Baboo
 Dwaranatb, and returned, after a short
 residence in the East, the accredited
 representative of the Emperor of DeL
 hi. While in India, Mr. Thompson
 turned his attention closely to the policy
 of that corporation of merchant kings
 who sit in London, and sway the desti
 nies of a great continent; and be made
 discoveries which were neither credka
 hie to their honesty or humanity. Aye,
 if the recking blood-stained soil of Xir
 dia had a tongue, there would arise
 such a voiee of accusation against
 British cupiditv, as would make this
 nation tremble. The pretence of re
 straining despotism, and of carrying
 civilization and good government into
 India, has enabled the East India Com
 pany insidiously to extend its territory
 over almost the whole of HiodostaOj
 and Northern India, from Belochistan;
 in the North-west to Assam in the East.!
 Ah! it is not benevolence, or love of;
 liberty, that prompts a merchant com-j
 pany to maintain thirty thousand fight-j
 ing men. The sons of the British aris- j
 tocracy, after a short residence, come
 home fortune-laden from these sunny
 climes. These fortunes are too often
 purchased by crime.
 While in India, Mr. Thompson be
 came cognizant of a case of flagrant
 injustice which had been perpetrated
 on the Rajah of Sattara by the East
 India Company. With his wonted;
 courage and zeal, he took up the case 1
 of the injured man, and began,
 he returned to England,'the hopeless;
 task of appealing to the Company’s di-|
 rectory. He could hardly obtain a
 hearing, and wa3 treated with a con
 tumelious disrespect which might have
 disheartened one less firm. The electors
 of the Tower Hamlets, by the largest
 majority ever known in England, have
 placed him in a position, however, in
 which not only the East India Company
 but the whole British Government shall
 listen to him pleading the rights and
 wrongs of India.
 In 1840, fie made one of his mo3t
 brilliant public displays against slavery, t
 and electrified the people of Scotland!
 with his adjurations to the Free Kirk to
 send back the money which she had
 meanly consented to receive from Ame
 rican slaveholders. If oratory could
 havs carried moral conviction to the
 hearts of Candlish aed Cunningham,
 the money would have been cast out
 from the coffers of their treasury as an
 unclean thing. If humanity and justice
 could have been enthroned in the bo
 smos of these Reverend doctors” by
 the force of eloquence, Scotland would
 soon have been free of the shame of
 that money. But, alas, our countrymen
 have the bad fame of loving gt Id too
 well—of worshiping Plutos too devo
 tedly; aud verily, these Free Kirk
 doctors have conduced to deepen this!
 national stain. They uttered a few mys-
 tical, metaphysical sentences, con-j
 deinnatory of slavery in the abstract;
 and then they followed these sentences
 by a few others, approving of it in the
 concrete. They shouted down the mem
 bers of tfieir own Synod who dared to
 talk broadly out in condemnation of the
 acceptance of that slave money; and
 they scornfully derided memorials that j
 were presented to them by their Chris
 tian fellow-countrymen, in favor of cur|
 poor brethren in bondage. They wrote j
 a few sophisms, which they called a re-t
 remonstrance and testimony to the l
 Churches in America against slavery;!
 and, hear it. ye of Gath, publish it
 abroad in Askelon” they kept the
 money.
 George Thompson is above the com
 mon height, and possesses a handsome,
 active frame. His form inclines t«
 lightness in its proportions, rather than
 strength; yet hi* shoulders are broad,
 and his fine flexible voice issues from a
 well-formed, capacious chest. In com
 plexion, Mr. Thompson is dark. His
 features are thinnish, but his face is
 highly intellectual. His eyes are espe
 cially keen and piercing when they are
 lighted up with that enthusiasm which
 appertains to his fine nervous tempera
 ment. He made his debut lately in the
 House of Commons, and it was a suc
 cessful one. Canning and Sheridan,
 two of England’s most accomplished
 orators, during the days when the Brit,
 ish Parliament was engaged in debating
 Parliamentary reform, and in the im
 peachment of Warren Hastings, both
 failed w r ben they first attempted to ad
 dress the House.
 George Thompson’s maiden speech
 was in connection with Indian affairs,'
 and it was Well delivered, and as well'
 received. He is now studying Eng-1
 lish law, in order to qualify himself for!
 (he duties of a barrister; and as un-,
 likely things have come to pass as that
 be may yet be High Chancellor of
 England, and sit upon the wool-sack!
 where his first patron sat.
 If George Thompson has attained to
 wealth and lame, it has never been by
 worshiping the wealthy greater spend-'
 ing his talents in defence of wrong,
 however powerful. He has erar pled
 the cause of suffering humanity, with a
 strong, earnest, eloquent enthusiasm,'
 since the day he threw dismay amongst
 the vestrymen of Clerkenwell, to the
 hour when he delivered his last oration
 in the halls of St. Stephen*
 Edinburgh, Scot. V. s. s.
The Cocxtbt iw Erouxs.—The
 country in Enbland ia everywhere pic
 turesque and beautiful. Its peculiar
 greenoeaa, the ric bo sea of fto hedges,
 the venerabtenesa of its trees, the
 abundance of ite streams sad rivulets,
 and the beauty of the cattle which dap
 ple ka meads, are unrivalled aad almost
 a« resembled.
M ABBIAGE Qf TUCAIf AXD
 i reinm.
 At Eng
 land.oatbaoccaaioa of laying the iorner
 stone of e new balding for the Sheffield
 Athens i» and Mechanics' Institution, j
 Lord MerpHb aada m admirable
 speech, ia the coarse of which he made
 allusion to the fabdota story of Token 1
 end Veoae ia the fottmng happy
 mimrr*
 Those of you who have opportunity
 of cuo—hmg the old legends mod classic
 mythology, are aware that among the:
 fancied deities with which they peopled
 their world, one, more especially, was
 regarded as the god of labor and handi
 craft, Vokan by name, who was al
 ways represented as employed in huge
 smithies and workshops, hammering at;
 heavy anvils, blowing huge bellows, j
 heating furnaces, and begrimoaed with j
 soot and dirt. Well, ladies aad gentle-
 men, for this hard-working and swarthy j
 looking divinity they wished to pick out
 a wife. (Loud laughter.) And they did
 not select for him a mere drab—a per
 son taken from the scullery or kitchen
 dresser, but they chose fb* him Venus,
 the goddess of love and beauty.
 Now, ladies and gentlemen, pick
 out for «Mthe moral of* this tale; for 1
 believe that nothing ever was invented
 casta inly not by the polished and bril
 liant imagination of the Grecian intel
 lect—which has not its meaning and its
 moral. 1 have nodonbt that all the le
 gends of our own country —that the one
 even of your own neighborhood, the
 Dragon of Wantley itself—has some
 appropriate allegory and meaning, if
 we only knew how to find them out.—,
 But what is the especial meaning of the
 marriage of Vulcan and Venus—of the
 hard-working artificer with his laughter-1
 loving queen—of labor with beauty j
 what is it, ladies and gentlemen but j
 this; that, even iq a busy hive of indus
 try and toil like this—even here, upon
 a spot which is in many respects no
 inapt representation of the fabled work
 shop of Vulcan—even here, amid the
 clang of anvils, the noise of furnaces,
 and the spluttering of forges—even
 here, amid stunning sounds and sooty
 blackness, the mind—the untrammeled
 mind—may go forth, may pierce the j
 dim atmosphere which is poised around j
 us, may wing its way to the freeer air;
 and purer light which are beyond, and
 may ally itself with all that is most fair,j
 genial and Jovely in creation. (Ap- J
 plausc.)
 So, gentlemen, I say, your labor,
 your downright, hard, swarthy labor,
 may make itself the companion, the
 helpmate, and the husband of beauty.
 I dare say, and have reason to believe,
 from the inspection which I aim able
 even now to command, and I have no
 doubt a more intimate acquaintace with
 your wives, sisters, and daughters,
 would enable me to prove that I was not
 wrong in my illustration. But above
 this beauty, say your labor may ally
 itself with intellectual beauty the
 beauty connected with the creation of
 genius—beauty such as painting fixes
 upon the glowing canvas—such as the
 sculptor embodies in the breathing mar
 ble—such as architecture developcs in
 her stately and harmonious proportions I
 beauty, such as music clothes with'
 the enchantments of sound. But there j
 is a beauty of a still higher order, with
 which I feel more assured it is still open
 to unite itself. I mean with moral
 beauty—beauty connected with the af
 fections, the conscience, the heart, and
 the life. (Loud cheers.)
 It is true, that in the busiest and i
 blackest of your workshps—in the most j
 wearying and monotonous tasks of daily
 drudgery, as also in the very humblest!
 of your own dwellings—by the smallest
 of your firesides, you may, one andj
 each of you, in the zealous and cheer- j
 ful discharge of the daily duty, in re- j
 sped for the just rights, and in consid
 eration for the feeling of others—in a j
 meekness and sobriety of spirit, and in I
 the thousand charities and kindnesses
 of social and domestic intercourse—!
 even this you may attain to, and ex-'
 hibit, the moral beauty of which I have
 spoken—beauty beyond all others in I
 degree and excellence, because, in pro-j
 portion as it can be reached, it makes
 up the perfection of man’s nature here I
 below, and is the most faithful reflection
 of the will of his Creator, (applause.) j
 And thus 1 will close my explanation of;
 the marriage of Vulcan with Venus, of
 labor with beauty.
Fran the Pruoner’f Friend.
 JOHN Q. ADAMS ON CAPITAL
 PUNISHMENT.
 In looking over the life of Mr. Ad
 ams, each party w’ill doubtless seek
 out his opinions; each reform will claim
 him. We confegs that while we would
 not rest the whole question upon mere
 human opinion, that we do think the
 views of such a man are worthy of the
 deepest consideration. It was his in
 tention at one time to introduce a bill
 into Congress for the abolition of the
 death penalty. His words now come
 to us in solemn tones. “He being
 dead, yet speaketh.” No man had a
 more perfect history of human govern
 ment. No man knew better the folly
 and madness of attempting to stay the
 shedding of blood by taking the life of
 the murderer. Ho was iovited to at
 tend a meeting of the National Society j
 for the Abolition of Capital Punish
 ment, at the bead of which is Hon.
 Geo. M. Dallas, Vice President of the
 United States. The following was his
 I do therefore heartily wish and
 pray for the success of your efforts to
 protnofe the abolition of Capital Pun
 ishment, and if you can shape the laws
 of the land to a disclaimer of the right
 of Government itself to take from any
 human being the life granted him by
 his Creator, 1 would welcome it as the
 harbinger of a brighter day, when no
 individual of the raee of naan shall ever
 lose his life by the act of another.
 I am very respectfalfy, gentlemen,
 your friend and fellow citizen,
 “John Quincy Aoams.’*
 In an interview which we had with
 Mr. Adams, we asked which was the
 most cruel coda on earth. We tamed
 to Virginia with her aeveaty-one capi
 tal offences for the bhel mao, end one
 for the white. He said that was the
 went code on earth. The above letter
 speaks for itself. We make no further
 comments el freer nt. —c. s.
LITE—LB? UTB-HELF LIT*.
 Utere are three aorta of |*ople in this
 world, who ma; he characterizes by
 the moooajrUahlea above. First, there
 are those who take fer their motto—
 Lire—live, regardless of ©there—live,
 if others die—live for one’s self and to
 one's self. Sock persons care for no
 bod/ but themselves, —they think of
 nobody else. They have got on in the
 world, k may be without much aid from
 others* and others most get mi at they
 can, or stick by the way, it is all one to
 these, it is none of their business; they
 are act their brother’s keeper. These
 are isproM/tf selfish men.
 There is another class of men among
 us whose motto is—Live and let live.
 They are glad to have their neighbors
 Jive sad prosper; but it mast be with*
 out their help. Their first and great
 inquiry is, Who will show w any
 good?—How will this affect my in
 terest?—ShnH 1 gain any thing by it?
 If such men can be quite sure that any
 thing they may do for another will re
 turn ultimately to their own benefit they
 will cheerfully lend a helping hand.
 And in some cases, they will even help
 a friend in need, if persuaded that it
 will in no way operate to their disad
 vantage or inconvenience. Otherwise
 they are as deaf as dead ruen to all
 who approach them.—These are simp
 ly selfish men.
 There is yet a third class of men,
 (rorte ores) whose motto is—Live and
 help others to live. They are not in
 attentive to their own affairs or their
 own interests; but they seek not their
 own exclusively. They are not merely
 willing to let others live around them,
 but they are wiUing to help others to
 live, and even to subject themselves to
 inconvenience and trouble in order to
 do this. And all this they will do
 without first stopping to ask—shall I
 fet my reward if I lend a dollar, shall
 get two in return They are men
 who act either from the impulses of
 kind and generous dispositions, or men
 whose principles of action have been
 derived from the teachings and exam
 ple of him who went about
 good,” who sought not his own but the
 things which were another’s, who was
 never unmindful to do good- and com
 municate as he had opportunity. These
 are truly benevolent men.
 We have now finished our discourse,
 and leave it to each reader to say,which
 is the better man? and to which class
 he himself belongs.— Traveller.
 EFFECTS OF CHLOROFORM.
 To guard against the abuses of the
 new remedial agent is of very great
 importance, not merely to prevent its
 perversion to injurious and demoraliz
 ing purposes, but that its utility may
 be perfectly established by rational and
 enlightened experience. Much is yet
 to be learned as to the modes of its
 preparation and preservation, so that
 it may be of uniform strength; which
 is known not to he the case with that
 procured from different venders, and i
 hence the variation in the results re
 ported in different experiments. So
 also, the best mode, and safest propor-!
 tions, for its administration, cannot he
 said yet to be ascertained. Nor, in
 deed, can we yet decide how far it is
 reliable, without a still greater number j
 of trials, in many of the emergencies'
 in which its adaptation is theoretically
 inferred. Especially dors it remain
 to he established how far it is judicious
 and appropriate to empl &gt;y the inhala
 tion of chloroform, with the view of
 suspending conscious suffering during
 maternal travail.
 Thus far, experience and authority
 will lully justify a resort to this agency
 in the various forms of preternatural,
 complicated or instrumental labor. In
 deed, on the occurrence of any patho
 logical condition duriug labor, which
 involves extreme suffering or hazard to:
 the mother, a failure to avail ourselves!
 and our patients of this new resource
 would be inexcusable; but its inno
 cence and safety should he more fully'
 confirmed by the testimony of expe
 rience before it would be discreet to,
 employ it indiscriminately in natural
 labor, when the mother is in health.;
 That it may be thus used by mercenary
 members of our profession, is one of
 the dangers attendant upon the pub
 licity which chloroform and its effects
 have received. Let us beware lest t
 this blessing be turned into a curse,
 and this by carefully discriminating be
 tween its u«e and its abuse. If this
 can be effectually done, the chloroform
 promises to be a precious boon of sci
 ence to suffering humanity. Boston
 Medical Journal.
 INSECTS IN THE WEST INDIES.
 The Rev. Sydney Smith gives the
 J following account of the swarms of)
 insects and reptiles which infest the
 West Indies Insects are the curse
 of tropical climates. The bete rouge
 l lays the foundation of a tremendous
 ulcer. In a moment, you are covered
 with ticks. Chigoes bury themselves
 in your flesh, and hatch a colony oC
 young chigoes in a few hours. Theyi
 will not live together, but every chigoe
 sets up a separate ulcer, and hatf its'
 own private portion of pus. Flies get
 entry into your mouth, into your eyes, i
 into your nose; you eat flies, drink
 flies, and breathe flies. Lizards, cock
 roaches, and snakes, get into the bed;
 ants eat up the books; scorpions sting
 you on the foot. Everything bites,)
 stings, or bruises; every second of
 your existence you are wounded by i
 some piece of animal life that nobody
 bas ever seen before, except Swam
 merdam and Mariam. An insect with 1
 eleven legs is swimming in your tea
 cup, a nondescript with nine wings is
 struggling in the small beer, or a cater- j
 pilfer with several dozen of eyes in his j
 belly, is hastening over the bread and
 butter! All nature is alive, and seems
 to be gathering all her entomological
 boat to eat you up, as you are standing
 out of your coat, waistcoat, and
 breeches. Such are the tropics. All
 this reconciles ns to our dews, logs,
 vapors and drizzle—to our apothe
 caries rushing about with gargles and
 tincture* to our old British coast it
 t tonal cough, sore throats, and swelled
 facef.
 Tim. Cb.«ob—FraUa”. Bather
 in-law thought that he could not live in
 America, when he started his paper,
 j because—them was “one paper in
 j America already.
ESTATES OP THE ENGLISH AND
 SCOTTISH MOBILITY.
 There is something patriarchal in
 the immense possessions of the English
 and Scotch nobility, in those estates
 covered with inhabitants; in those po
 pulations which depend ahnost entirely
 on their lords, and who might be their
 fathers.
 These large properties of the nobih
 ty, which sometimes entirely exclude
 the small proprietors, produce a me
 lancholy impression. &gt;Yhcn 1 have
 been walking in one of those beautiful
 English parks, so fresh ai.d
 so dotted with stately trees, charming
 with the grace.ul undulations of the
 soil, and with their beautiful lakes, 1
 occasionally felt an indescribable sad
 ness. I saw nothing but foliage upon
 foliage; the only sign of life was the
 cawing of the rooks, necessary inhabit
 ants of these velvet glades. “Oh,
 who can restore me,'* thought 1, these
 smiling habitations, the delighted ham
 lets, the lively villages of my ov. n
 Switzerland I gazed anxiously
 around, trying to discover among the
 trees the appearance of a roof; and
 could 1 but perceive the slightest trace.
 I ran forward that 1 might see some
 peasant, man or woman, —some symp
 tom of lile.
 This is still more striking in Scot
 land. You may travel for nnl«»
 through the Highlands, without incit
 ing other inhabitants than thousands
 of sheep feeding in solitude. “I*
 Switzerland,” I said to mysil.*,“ the.
 hill-sides would be divided among
 several owners; here would he a farm,
 there a chalet, and everywhere the
 animation of a free people.” Vet
 there are some exceptions. When l
 drew near that charming site at the
 extremity of Loch Tay, close by the
 romantic Kcnmore, on which rises the
 stately palace of the Breadallmiif»,
 (many Genevese will ri member that
 •he present Marquis of Brcadalhnnc,
 then Lord Glenorchy, visited their citv
 twenty-fivc or thirty years ago,) I was
 delighted to find the country dotted
 with cottages, covered with roses, and
 to see the healthy ruddy children play
 ing before their smiling homes. It was
 like an oasis created by the beneficence
 of a Christian lord. But in grneial
 there is a desert. It is not long since,
 instead of the system of small fauns,
 the landlords have substituted large
 ones, and the unfortunate small farm
 ers, finding themselves outbid, have
 been obliged to forsake their beloved
 mountains, ami emigrate either to the
 antipodes, to New Holland, ov to throw
 themselves into the ever-open and ever
 devouring gulf of the manufacturing
 towns of England and Scotland. It often
 happens that one lord is the sole pro
 prietor of a whole county, from one
 sea to another; and he can, as has
 often been done w ithin these few years,
 refuse the Christians who inhabit his
 estnte, a site of thirty feet square in
 which they may worship God. It
 would be a glorious task for the states
 men who preside over the destinv f
 Britain, and whom no difficulties Van
 deter, to seek some legal means of
 establishing small propeities in Scot
 land, and delivering the country from
 the oppression of a few lairds.—Or.
 Mtrlt D*-iubignc.
 “Why jUo.n’t wt Grow?”— The
 Louisville Examiner contains the follow
 irig answer, to the question often pro
 pounded in slave States—“ Why don't
 w e grow r”
 Slavery costs us millions. ho bad
 now tilled our feitiie lands if the State
 had been free? yV hat now would have
 been our annual earnings if slavery had
 not blacked our soil? All around'u»—
 in sight of our first settled It ines—pro
 gress marks and makes everything in
 the free States—converting wilderness
 countries into thick settlements, swell
 ing villages into towns, towns into chit s,
 and cities into mighty marts rf a
 thriving commerce, and we stand still
 stand stock still, as if an incubus were
 upon us, and we had no power to heavo
 it off—as if we were the slaves of a bon
 dage as galling us any man can suffer.
 Let it be so no more! The world
 bids us play the part of men—let us do
 it. Christianity appeals to us with a
 trusting, living spirit—let us answer In r
 rightly. Self-interest urges us to set
 free the slave—let us do it.
 A Naturalist in Trouble. —One
 morning I was very successful in col
 lecting butterflies, and a great number
 of birds were shot by myself and com
 panions. I carefully unpacked them,
 and had hardly laid them for a moment
 in the snn to dry, when a servant came
 in with the news, Master, crows
 come, take yellow birds!” 1 looked
 round, and, sure enough half the birds
 were gone. I hastily caught up the
 remainder, and brought them in-doors;
 but in half an hour, perceived that
 millions of microscopic ants had picked
 the skin clean from the feathers, not
 withstanding the arsenic I had applied
 to it. A peep into my insect-box com
 pletely floored me: the whole collec
 tion was turned into dust and dirt. The
 crows sat very quietly on the open,
 door, as if in mockery of my luxation;,
 and the ants marched in a long Hack
 file to my glass of sugar and water,
 which they tilled w ith then* carcases.—
 llujjuitiiltr't Ltltrrs.
 Female Education.— lt was a ju
 dicious resolution of a father, as well
 as a most pleasing compliment to hi*
 wife, when, on being asked what he in
 tended to do with bis girls, ho replied.
 I intend to apprentice them to their
 excellent mother, that they mav lesrn
 the art of improving their time, and bo
 fitted to become like her, wives, moth
 ers, heads of fsmlies, and useful mem
 ber, of society Equally just hut
 bitterly painful, was the remark of the
 unhappy husband of a vain, thought
 less. dressy slattern, “hi, hard to
 say it, br if my girls are to have »nv
 chance of growing up good for any
 thing, they most be sent out of the wav
 of their mother’s example.”
 Liaixixo.— He that wants good
 j* unhappy in having learning,
 for T thereby more ways of cx
 poaiaf himself; and be that has sense*
 that learning is not knowledge,
 hot rather the art of aeing it.
 Truth hath its foundation in Ktcr
 i ally, and is ever-enduring; Error is
 the offspring of Time, and ha* but a
 temporary existence.
"
