"THE NORTH STAR.
ROCHESTER, JANUARY
TIIK NATIONAL BAXAAR.
 tT was our happiness h«t wc**k to attend
 tbit splendid exlub.noo of antn*Javcrr mdus-j
 trv, taste, skill, elegance. and beauty, held in,
 Fannuil Hall, From represanttiionsi
 wh.oh we had heard,and descriptions whtc'u we,
 h 3 I read, our expcctationa were very high but
 high a* they were, they were more than gri
 t.ricd. On entering the vast and venerable
 hall, the manner and grandeur of its decora
 tion reminded us strongly of some eld, hut
 beautiful Gothic cathedrals through which we
 have had the pleasure to pass. For the spe
 cial decoration of the hall it would seem that
 almost a young forest of evcrgToer.a had been
 •tripped of its foliage. Bowers, arches,
 wreathes, and beautiful chains of it, were dis
 played in all directions; the long range of
 pillars supporting the capacious galleries on
 either side, and the upper range around the
 gallery, reaching the ceiling, were all ele
 gantly trimmed with evergreen; and between
 the pillars in the gallery, rising from the
 breastwork around it, were finely modelled
 forms of arches and windows of the old
 Gothic order, all of which were beautifully
 dressed in living green. Across the hall, m
 various directions from side to side, wer?
 chains of evergreen, meeting and crowing
 immediately under a large and luminous ga*
 light chandelier, which, when lighted, grand
 ly reflected the charm which nature always
 lends to works of art. In the centre the
 hall was a large table forming a circle, piled
 with rich and beautiful articles, too numerous
 to mention. This, too, was all surrounded
 and decorated with evergreen, in every grace
 ful shape and form which genius, skill, and
 fancy, could invent. On cither side, and all
 around this table, were tables connected from
 one end of the hall to the other, and only
 divided from each other by multitudinous;
 forms of living green rising between them.
 Some of the more youthful of the ladies wort
 wreathes of evergreen about their heads, a*
 if d nermined to be in unity v. iih the natural
 and artificial beauty surrounding them.
 It would be pleasant to be in such a place
 si any time, but to be there in the glorious
 cause of righteous liberty, surrounded bv the
 old and trie! friends of the cause; meeting
 and conversing with many of them fur the
 first tint: 5 since our return from England; wit
 nessing tho ardor of their zeal, and gathering
 light and life from their lofty communications,
 made it a delightful occasion to us, and or.e
 which we could wish every friend of the slave
 could share. England, Ireland, Scotland, and
 Wales, were all represented. The various
 useful, rich, elegant and beautiful works from
 those countries deepened, in our mind, the
 oarncst sincerity and devotion to our cause,
 which often filled our heart with grateful
 admiration during our sojourn in those lands.
 Noble was the devotion and great the indus
 try that Sent those beautiful works to our
 shores, and laid them on the pure altar of
 Christian Philanthropy. Every article was
 x silent hut powerful pleader in behalf of the
 American slave, and a telling rebuke of the
 guilty siavelwldcr of the South, and his much
 •note guilty allies of the North. The women
 of monarchical England pleading with their
 sisters in republican America, to quit the
 infernal practice of trading in the bodies and
 souls of men, and making merchandize of the
 bodies of their sable sisters; and this, too, in
 old Funeuil Hall, the Cradle of Liberty,’ 1
 the birth-place of American independence—
 where was nursed the young spirit ol the
 revolution, and where now hang the pictures
 of Washington, Adams, Hancock, Warren
 and others, who seventy years ago fought i
 British king in defence of American liberty
 Scotland, too, joins the appeal with the names
 of her forty thousand daughters. What i
 rebuke is hero!
 In looking upon the labors of the dcai
 friends at home as well as abroad, we fell
 abashed by thc.r superior devotion. We ncvei
 feel more ashamed of our humble efforts in the
 cause of emancipation, than when we contrasi
 them'with the silent, unoltserved, and uiup
 pluuded efforts of those through whose con
 stant and persevering endeavors this annuai
 exhibition is given to the American public.
 Anti-slavery authors and orators may be said
 to receive compensation for what they do, ir
 the applause which must, sooner or later
 redound to them; but not so with the thous
 ands whose works of use and beauty adorr
 tins fair. It is for them to work, unnoticec
 and unknown, and sometimes unenquired for
 and many of them unable to see the good thai
 results from their efforts. Evidently no sinis
 ter taativc can enter into such action; and yet
 noble souls they! they have a great and
 glorious reward. The consciousness of hav
 ing done something toward releasing from cru-’l
 bondage, even one sister, and the gratitude o]
 that sister pomg_un in glory to God for deliv
 erance from tWfflo.u, is a happiness to the
 pure in..id, which as far transcends that do
 me t from the pra.se of men, as heaven tran
 scend* earth, and eternity, time. Let proud
 pro'slavery congregations get up fairs to build
 and beautity their churches; let them labor to
 cushion th'.tr pews, carpet their floors, and
 ornament their pulpit's; they may indeed reap
 the reward that results from the exercise of
 skill and industry, but the thought must come,
 after all, We have worshipped ourselves,
 rather than God; we have been looking to
 our own eas3 and comfort, rather than reliev
 ing those who are unable to help themselves.
 Such persons know nothing of the holv satis
 faction consequent upon unselfish labor and
 effort in behalf of the hated and enslaved ol
 oar land. This is emphatically the pr ai
 religious movement or the day—one m which
 the laborer is taught to look only to the source
 of all good for reward. The history of the
 Boston Fair is interesting, instructive and en
 couraging. It shows what may be accom
 plished by unwavering fidelity, unfaltering
 industry, and patient devotion to s good cause,
 The that of which (this u the fourteenth
 fair,) w as held, we believe, in a small room,
 No. 40, Washington street. At that tune
 few ventured to attend tf, and fewer to assist
 it. A few laches only were found willing
 to encounter the odium of attending such
 a place. I ourteen years have passed away,
 arid our fair, after working its way through
 the lower rooms of Marlborough Chapel,
 and the inoro commodious Amory ILsJI,
 finds plaro in the old cradL of liberty,”
 and large as is the cradle, this fourteen
 &gt;v«a's growth becoming too luge for it.:
The fact our V* becoming one of the
 m &lt;*t popular ami genteel exhibitions of the
 year, We are glad of ita prosperity, not
 because wc love popularity, but because of
 the change in public opinion which it imbrues.
 V\ e know that imputations have been cast
 upon those who an most proroinenily in con
 ducting this fair. It is said they seek popu
 larity, and play into the hands of the Beacon
 street aristocracy. The insinuation w base.
 Where has aristocracy, cotton-ocruey or slave
 ocracy received more faithful rebukes within
 the last few weeks than in the Liberator ot
 Boston?
 What amount of money was realised by the
 fair, w. 3 do not know: probably not so much
 this yoar as laat. Our money, like our cour.-
 try'ii honor, is being squandered on our fored
 asiaaaina in Mexico, and the one is becoming
 about as scarce as the other. The scarcity
 of money will account for a decrease (if there
 be any) of the proceeds of the fair this
 But, be the sum little cr much, it L in good
 hands, and will be faithfully appropriated tc
 the dissemination of light on the subject ol
 slavery; and we are sure it will do mucli
 toward disposing tha public mind favorably tc
 tha cause.
 The Bazaar itself was a sort of aati-alavcn
 meeting. Several evenings were devoted tc
 addresses from well known anti-slavery speak
 ers, all of whom were listened to with sur
 i-rming attention, considering the many at
 i tractions in other directions. It was our 101
 to make the last anti-slavery speech in Fanuci
 Hall on the last night of the old year.
COLORED NEWSPAPERS.
 They are sometimes objected to, on the
 ground that they serve to keep up an odious
 j and wicked distinction between white and
 colored persons, and are a barrier to that very
 equality which we are wont to advocate.
 We have, sometimes, heard persons regret
 the very mention of color, on this account,
 and to counsel its abandonment. We confess
 to no such feelings; we arc in no wise sensi
 tive on tliis point Facts are facts; white is
 not black, and black is not white. There is
 neither good sense, nor common honesty, in
 trying to forget this distinction. So far from
 the truth is the notion that colored newspapers
 are serving to keep up that cruel distinction,
 the want of the n is the main cause of its con
 tinuance. The distinction which degrades us,
 is not that which exists between a white man
 and a black man. They are equal m«n the
 oae is white, and the other is black but both
 are men, and equal men. The white man is
 only superior to the black man, when he out
 strips him in the race of improvement; and
 the black man is only inferior, when he proves
 himself incapable of doing just what is done,
 by bis white brother. In order to remove this!
 odious distinction, we must do just what white i
 men do. It must be no longer white lawyer,!
 and black woodsawycr,—white editor, and!
 black street cleaner: it must be no longer i
 white, intelligent, and black, ignorant; but|
 wo must take our stand side by side with our 1
 white follow countrymen, in all the trades,;
 arts, profession and callings of the day.
 It is one of the most cheering signs of the
 times, tint colored persons are becoming far
 mere, mechanics, lecturers, doctors, lawyers,
 merchants, teachers, professors and editors,
 i The more we have of them, the better; and
 i the sooner will the distinction of which we
 complain be removed. Man’s greatness con
 j sists in his ability to do, and the proper appli
 i cation of his powers to things needful to be
 j done, ar.d not in the color of his skin.
OUR MOVEMENTS.
 Sineo tho appearance of the first number j
 of the North Star, we have been actively!
 engaged in addressing public meetings in va-;
 rious towns in this and the State of Massachu-!
 setts, and doing our best to extend the sub
 scription list of our paper. On the 4th De
 cember, in company with our friend Remcndl
 and Delany we held a meeting in Mcndon
 the weather was cold and otherwise inclement,
 and our meeting was held in the school house.
 —Friends mcetirg house having been closed
 against us on the jrround that our views differ
 ed from theirs. We asked one of them if be
 thought the Methodists acted generously and
 honorably iu sometimes opening their doors
 and allowing ministers of the society of Friends
 free access to their pulpits to set forth their
 views 1 He was slew to answer, clearly seeing
 the dilemma into \v hich it would place those who
 had been instrumental in closing the doers
 against us. We he'd two meetings the next
 day in the same place; C. L. Romond and M.
 R. Delany both spoke, and with excellent
 effret. We have also held meetings in Le-
 Roy, Darien, Pine Hill and Rochester, and
 have spoken at Ikaion, Lynn and Marblehead,
 Massachusetts.
 Our friend and co-laborer, M. R. Delany.
 is now r on a visit to his family in Pittsburgh,
 Pa., and will probably remain absent from
 Rochester during the present winter, as he
 intends to travel and hold meetings in Cincin
 nati, and many towns in the State of Ohio
 b-.-forc his return. Wc hope to be able, to
 k. -p our readers constantly advised of his
 persevering efforts.
TTP The Homestead Journal" published
 at Salem, Ohio, devotes more than a column to
 a notice of the North Star, and handies us
 roughly and as carelessly as he would do an
 unsound potato toward us his eye is evil,
 and his whole body is full of darkness; howev
 er sacred ia hm eyes may be the land, he
 shows himself thoroughly divested of ar.v
 high regard for rmn. For any man to talk
 about white slavery in this country in co •nce
 lion with black slavery, is to use words de
 ceitfully. Wc shall try to examine the land
 reform movement, and shall venture to speak
 on that subject as well as others, as sooa as
 our opimou shall have reached an intelligent
 maturity.
ID* George Thompson's Speech.—We
 make no apology for occupying our enure
 outside with this speech. To have omitted to
 print it would hare been a wrong to tl»e noble
 heart that conceived, and the eloquent Lips
 that gave it utterance, as well as the great
 cause it is so well calculated to subserve.
 We rejoice with the three mil lions m bonds,
 that the how of our eloquent friend yet
 abides in strength; and tiiat, with the speech
 before us, he has sent another arrow into
 the monster, Slavery, which must do much
 toward shortening his existence.
D7* W e intend publishing he re after, a week
 ly Pnce Cum At.
THE A.Vn-SLWERI BAZIAR AT
 SIVERVAHALL. j
 Notwithstanding the “white mantle’*
 with which dame nature greeted the anti-
 slavery women of Western New York on the
 morning of the l?ih ull. t they were at their|
 port m Minerva Hall, ready ar.d wfllirg to*
 aid, by their every effort, the cause of bleed
 ing humanity.
 Too much credit cannot be awarded to this
 noble band of women, who have, during the
 past months,been engaged m and out of sea
 ton /’‘plying the needle and taxing their inge
 nuity in fabricating saleable article* for thej
 Fair. Then nimble foot have pciambtlated■
 the highways and by-ways of our good city,
 m quest of contributions of money and com-:
 modules, as the convenience or benevolence!
 of friends could bestow. Ia some caeca their j
 hearts have been male glad by a generous
 response, (smallest farms being gratefully
 received,) and in others, alas! cold looks,
 unyielding purse strings, and repellirg voice
 and actions, have chilled, but, thank God,
 could not dishearten them; for, with that
 perseverance so characteristic of woman when
 engaged on s mission of love, one defeat only
 served to inspire them with courage for fresli
 victories.
 Ths distinguished American historian, Ban
 croft, at a Pilgrim celebration on Plymouth
 Ro k, in a most eloquent tribute, eulogized the
 women passengers in the May Flower, ar.d
 though ho would not disparage the “courage
 of Standish, the wisdom of Carver, the en
 during prudence of Bradford, yet the highest
 meed of glory belonged to woman, who, ir.
 addition to these noble tnuis of character, dis
 played a nobler heroism, ar.d achieved a
 higher triumph, in conquering, not roan only,i
 but winter and the wilderness.” So, too, with
 the anti-slavery women of the present day.
 Their efforts and sacrifices arc far from being
 appreciated as thoir merits deserve.
 The men have their share of labor and toil,
 and most willingly do they dedicate them
 selves to the work; yet the cause does not
 owe to a single influence more than to the
 self-denying, self devoted exertions of wo
 man.
 This is, indeed, an appropriate sphere for
 woman; foT their sisters at the South are the!
 greatest sufferers by the infernal system ol!
 slavery. Tho very fact that they arc under
 tha absolute control of licentious and profligate
 owners, furnishes a key by ivhicn to unlock
 those recesses of darkness and vice, to which;
 ths Spanish inquisition bore no parallel.
 Then let woman be free to carry forward j
 the great work of regenerating public aenti-j
 msnt, by her sewing circles and fairs, —her!
 presume, influence and voice at meetings. Im- j
 pose upon her no restrictions—clip not the i
 wings of her lofty aspirations for liberty. But!
 let her do for her country and the world what
 scemeth to her good, and the thanks of mil
 lions will yet bo to all a reward for well
 doing.
 1 When the Pretender, Charles Stuart, was
 flying from his pursuers in the wilds of Seot
 laud, his firmest friends and most devoted ad
 herents were women. To their care and
 hazardous exertion he often owed his i lif.-.
 The American slave now claims the sympa
 thy of American women. Why should not j
 the anti-slavery women of this republic stand
 side by side with the daughters of Scottish
 nobles I
 The last day ar.d evening, the 18th, was
 jan auspicious one. The spacious hall was
 well filled—the ladies all vieing with each
 other in ways and means” to induce visitors
 !to “come, buy—come, buy.” Two bands,
 at intervals, discoursed “Liberty Notes.’.
 William C. Bloss, Esq., and Frederick
 Douglass occupied the rostrum to the heartv
 acceptance of all; and every countenance
 seemed to indicate a new pledge for future
 exertions to break the yoke, and redeem
 j America from the shame and sin of slavery.
 j May each heart feel renewed by the scenes
 j and associations at Minerva Ilall. In the
 language of Frederika Bremer—“ Who that
 ji lias striven ardently and labored honestly, has
 lived in vain, if it be only for a brief morning
 hour? They may work out no whole, but
 j j the spark which proceeds warms and enlight
 i ens the night of many a mortal. The work
 5 is prepared for others, and this also is good
 r and gratifying. Our little life—how short it
 is! Let us be useful to each other, and it
 will be immortal even upon earth.”— w. c. n.
GREAT ANTI-SLAVERY MEETING.
 Pursuant to a call extensively circulated
 through the city, a large audience convened
 in Minerva Halij on Sunday morning, Dec.
 lDtli, lor the purpose of considering the sin of
 American Siaicry, and our duties, as Chris
 trails, towards ns utter annihilation.
 Joseph C. Hathaway was called to the
 chair; and Gilus D. Stkhuns and William
 C. Nell appointed Secretaries.
 Prayer was offered by Rev. Mr. Howard.
 Frederick Douglass offered the following
 resolutions
 Resolved, That in assembling on this day
 for the purpose of lifting up our voices in
 behalf of our oppressed ai.d plundered fellow
 countrymen, we but follow in the footsteps of
 Him who has said, It is lawful to do good
 on lh Sabbath-day.’’
 F solved, Thai in the simple act of slave
 holding are comprehended the crimes of theft,
 robbery, and murder; the subversion of all
 human rights; the destruction of all that
 dignifies and ennobles man and is direct war
 I upon the government of God.
 During the discussion which continued
 I during the day ar.d evening, Frederick
 Ducclasi alluded to the powerfulNnfluencc
 which the American church exerted against
 the liberation of the slave; and detailed many
 facts in the history of tlie various ecclesiasti
 cal bodies, proving conclusively their mani
 fold wickedness and persevering inconsistency
 with the teaching of Him whom they claim
 as Master. And in reference to the day, he
 remarked, that preaching for the slave was a
 paramount duty, inasmuch u u i man m of
 more value than a sheep.”
 Giles B. Stebbins censured the dergy
 for their coldness and indifference to the vital
 question of American slavery,—“They are
 by far the most guilty party; for by their
 position they wield a great influence with the
 masses but that influence, I rejoice to be
 lieve, is fast passing from their bands. The
 people have begun to perceive the fallacy of
 their teachings, with hUrty far a text, aad
 irpprrssum for its commentary.”
 C. L. Remomd briefly commented upon the
 resolutions; remarking that when the ear of
the American people esn be gained, the
 downfall of slavery in this republic is cartain.
 J. C. Hathaway presetted a graphic
 picture of the injuries heaped upon tbe free
 colored people of this land, and the slaves in
 the southern plantations.' Many an eye filkd
 with the sensitive tear, as the speaker pour
 trayed the angiuah of mothers and daughters,
 victims of s relentless tyrant s pewer; and as
 he invoked the co-operation of all present to
 aid m undoing the heavy burden, that tho
 oppressed might go free, tha immense audi
 er.ee seemed, by their expression of couulen
 ance, the mirror of the mind,” to give in
 1 their hearty assent to his appeal.
 After remarks in further support of the
 1 resolutions, by M. D. Codding, L. Beans.
 and others, they were unanimously adopted.
 The meeting united in singing an Anti-
 I Slarery hymn, and with apparent reluctance
 adjourned.
Fenrth Anaa! Electing of tie West
 ers New Fork Aiti-SUrerj Soci
 ety. t
 Pursuant to notice, the Society convened
 at Minerva Hall, in Rochester, on Monday,
 December 12th, Josefh C. Hathaway in
 the Chair—Wm. C. Nell appointed Secre
 tary pro tan.
 On motion, commilives wore chosen aa fol
 lows, viz:
 ON BUSINESS.
 Frederick Douglass, Sarah D. Fish, Nel
 son Bostwick, Mary Ilalluwell, R. G. Murray,
 Phebe Hathaway, Charles L. Remond.
 ON FINANCE.
 Wm. R. Ilxllnwcll, Lewis Burtis, Jlenry
 Bush, Giles B. Stebbins.
 ON NOMINATION.
 Benjamin Fish, Sarah Burtis, Eliza Parker,
 G. B. Stebbins, Isaac Post—who reported the
 following list of officers, which was unani
 mously adopted
 PRESIDENT.
 Joseph C. Hathaway, Farmington.
 VICE-PRESIDENTS.
 Henry Bush, Rochester.
 Wm. G. Parker, West Walworth.
 A. L. Peat, Victor.
 Eiios L. Platt, Bath.
 Thos. McCiintock, Waterloo.
 Nathan Marvel, Port Byron.
 CORRESPONDING SSCRETAP.Y.
 Gile» B. Stebbii.s, Rochester.
 RECOKDINO SECRETARY.
 William C. Nell, Rochester.
 TREASURER.
 Henry Bush, Rochester.
 EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE.
 Wm, R. Hallowell, Daniel Anthony,
 Abigail Bush, Mary B. Fish,
 Isaac Post, Catharine A.Stebbins,
 Benjamin Fish, John Dick,
 Lewis Burtis, Sarah A. Burtis,
 Sarah L. Hallowell, Susan A. Doty,
 William C. .Neil, Caroline Halstead,
 John Kedzie, Jason Jeffrey,
 Leinira M. Kedzie, Ralph Francis,
 Richard Sully, Griffith M- t-'ooper,
 J. P. Morris, R. li. Murray,
 Frederick Douglass, Henrietta Platt,
 Elias DeGarmo, Maria Wilbur,
 Asa Anthony, Amy Post,
 Elias l)otv, Sarah D. Fish,
 Hicks Halstead, Pliny Sexton,
 Rhoda DeGarmo, Mary A. M Clintock,
 Nelson Bostwick, Edmund P. Willis,
 Charles L. Remond, Mary Hallowell.
 The following resolutions were then sub
 mitted by the Business Committee
 That as the members of this
 Society, we return our sincere gratitude to
 the God of the oppressed lor the cheering
 success with which He Ins crowned our
 humble efforts during the year now coming
 to a close; and that we pledge ourselves to a
 more faithful and'persevering application ol
 our energies to the slave the ensuing year.
 Resolved, That the zeal, perseverance and
 fidelity with which the agents of the American
 Anti-Slavery Society have prosecuted their
 labors in this Stit3, during the last year and
 a half, have been well calculated to secure
 the confidence and approbation of every friend
 of the slave, and to impress upon the public
 mind the fact, that that society is the legiti
 mate and true representative, in its principles
 i and measures, of genuine and uncompromising
 j Anti-Slavery.
 Resolved, That the National Anti-Slavery
 Standard, the organ of the American Anti-
 Slavery Society, by its open an 1 uncompro
 mising enurs the smallness of its price, as
 well as its high literary character, commends
 itself to the favorable consideration of all per
 sons; and each individual is earnestly desired
 to use his exertions to extend its circulation
 in their respective neighborhoods.
 Resolved, That we most cordially welcome
 our distinguished friends and well tried fellow
 laborers, Frederick Douglass, M. R. De
 lany and Wm. C. Nell, editors and puldish
 er of the North Star, and pledge them
 1 our co-operation, aid ai.d support duru.g the
 war. i
 Resolved, That we hail with joy the ap
 pearance ol the NORTJI STAR, trusting
 that in its light many a bondman shall find
 his liberty; and that its ravs will ev L -n pierce
 the prisou-itousa, exposing to the gaze of the
 world, the dark and danitii g deeds which are
 there committed, until not a slave shall be
 found upon American soil.
 Resolved, That we lean with the highest
 gratification, that the American .'Shiv*- System
 is on the eve of receiving a most powerful, if
 not fatal blow, from the cultivation of free
 grown cotton on the fertile soil of British
 India, and that we extend our most' cordial
 acknowledgements to George Thompson, for
 his recent eloquent and able effort before his
 constituency, to awaken an intere&amp;t through
 out England and the world, in this noble and
 praiseworthy enterprise; and that we pledge
 to him our warmest sympathy in the great
 w ork he has so boldly and successfully com
 menced.
 J Resolved, That the recent demonstration
 of American sympathy in the city of New
 York, with Pope Pius IX, in his coble
 efforts u&gt; extend constitutional liberty to the
 people of Italy, w hile we are carrying on an
 extensive system of butchery’ in Mexico for
 her subversion, is the enactment of another
 disgusting inarKruvTC for the purpose of turn
 ing off attention from the slaughter of Mexi
 can t ‘athoiics, by a show of sympathv with
 the Catholics of Italy: and that America will
 never be in a reasonable position to sympa
 thise with th? oppressed, or to denounce and
 rebuke oppression of foreign lands, while
 under the stawspr. ngled banner three millions
 of her people pine in hopeless bondage, and
 j our national capital is a revolting slave mar-
 I ket.
 Resolved, ppm we sineereW mourn the
 death of Rev. Ckaills Van Loon, whose
 j rare talents, unbending integrity and generous
 i affections were cheerfully dedicated to the
 cause of the poor and oppressed, and gave
 Kruse of usefulness to man and glory to
 11m memory is deeply enshrined in the
 hearts of many who survive him, inciting
 them to virtuous deed*, and the blessing* of
 those that were ready to perish have gone
 with him to that other land.
 Resolved, That hMhe death of James C.
 Fulls a the slave has lost a friend whose
 voice, whose pea, whose time and whose
 money were freely and Überally given to bis
 rederaptKN* and we are admomalted to do
 quickly what we have to de; for to-morrow
 we die.
Resolved, Thai the late mcaige of thel
 Preaid.-nt of the l nited Slat s ts a ussuc of
 fababoods. —the asKStign that our country
 wss invaded by ths army of Mexico, a war, ion
 and d .-liberate lie, and is known to fei such
 by every Uileliigbrit cttir.'-n; a*, iudecd, it
 ts known that the object lor which the war
 was d eclared is. the eitjuuun cf slavery: ar.d
 that portion refit tup to the Amistsd captives
 is but another of the many commands vf the
 South to bow down to the image.
 Resolved, That w? are convinced hy every 1
 devclopement and demonstration of slavery
 daily coming tinder our observation, that the
 only way by which can faithfully and
 fully maintain our fidelity to tbo slave and
 the God of the slave, is to re-affirm atx! carry
 out the d«xrtnne of No union with Slave
 holders, aad stvk, by all rightful means, to
 bring a!»ut, as soon as possible, the rejection
 of th 3 Constitution of the United Slate*, on
 account of its slaveholding character, the
 dissolution of the American Union. the
 separation of the con-slaveholding from the
 slaveholding Stales, and the establishment of
 a Republic in which there shall be neither a
 tyrant nor a slave.
 The above resolutions were ably discussed
 by various speakers.
 Charles Lennox Remond eloquently de
 picted the slavery which, even in the free
 North, hunts the man whose only an is the
 texture of hair and hue of his skinwhich
 denies him, in many instances, the common
 civilities of life; deprives him, in the Empire
 State, from the elective franchise, uuless worth
 two hundred and fifty dollars in real estate;
 consigns his child to a prescribed school;
 subjecting him to all the disadvantages conse
 quent upon an isolated position in society.
 He also commented with much force upon
 the late recommendation of Governor Smith,
 of Virginia, to expel the free colored inhab
 itants from the State; together with the infa
 mous clause in the President s recent message
 relative to an appropriation to the Spanish
 government for the Amistad captives.
 Frederick Douglass, in advocacy of the
 j resolutions, alluded to the first principles of
 anti-slavery; the opposition they had encoun
 tered to the present moment; the influence
 that American religion had volunteered in
 aid of the inhuman man-stealer; for, said he,
 while America is printing tracts and Bibles,
 sending missionaries abroad to convert the
 heathen, expending her money in various
 ways for the promotion of the Gospel in for
 eign lands, the slave not only lies forgotten—
 uncared for, but is trampled under loot-by the
 very churches of the land. What have we
 in America? Why, we have slavery made
 part of the religion of the land. Yes, the
 pulpit there stands up as the great defender
 of this cursed institution as it is called. Min
 isters of religion come forward and torture
 the hallowed pages of inspired wisdom to
 sanction the bloody deed. They stand forth
 as the foremost, the strongest defenders of
 this institution.” As a proof of this, I need
 not do morethan state the general fact, that
 slavery has existed under the droppings of
 th 3 sanctuary of the south, for the last two
 hundred years, and there has not been anv
 war between the religion and the slavery of
 the south. Whips, chains, gags, and thumb
 screws have all lain under the droppings of
 the sanctuary, and instead of rusting from off
 the limbs of the bondman, those droppings
 have served to preserve them in all their
 strength. Instead of preaching the Gospel
 against this tyranny and rebuking this wrong,
 ministers of religion have sought, by all and
 every means, to throw in the background
 whatever in the Bible could be construed into
 opposition to slavery, and to bring fjrward
 that which they could torture into its support.
 This I conceive to be the darkest feature of
 slavery, and the mest difficult to attack,
 because it is identified with religion, and
 exposes those who denounce it to the charge
 of infidelity. And Northern churches, min
 isters and professors were in good fellowship
 with—nay, more, in many instances defenders
 of the great abomination. A glance was
 directed to the late demonstration of American
 sympathy with Pope Pius IX, in his efforts
 for Cathnlic emandpntion showing it to be
 inconsistent, while we arc yet a nation of
 slaveholders, to express sincere sympathy for
 the oppressed of other lands. Well might
 the rebuke be giver.—
 f*o looac your fettered slaves at home,
 Then turn and ask the like of u£.”
 A well merited and glowing tribute was
 rendered George Thompson, the new member
 of Parliament for the Tower Hamlets, for
 his unceasing efforts to promote the East
 India cotton reform, and, through that, the!
 abolition of American Slavery.
 The Mexican war; the pro-slavery position
 of political parties; our responsibilities in the
 slavery question now being agitated and affect
 ing all phases of society, North and South—
 these and other kindred topics served as
 fruitful themes for the several speakers, keep
 ing the audience in close attention, save when
 they felt free to manifest their loud and ear
 nest approval of the eloquent outbursts and
 indignant titterings, the usual characteristics
 of an anti-s accry mating.
 The resolutions were adopted at a late hour.
 Three cheers £,r liberty were proposed and
 heartily given, w hen the large concourse sep
 arated. We trust each member resolved to
 do what in him lay for the downfall of tyr
 anny in this otherwise happv republic.
 J. C. HATHAWAY, Pres't.
 We. C. Nell, Sec y.
COUULSPOSDE.U E.
 We give our reader* the following letters,
 at the hazard of incurring the charge of
 egotism. We think it due to them, to make
 them acquainted with the feelings of our
 friends, as well as our flics concerning nur en
 terprise. We will, however, promise that far
 less will be said about ourself in future num
 bers, than appears m this week s paper.
 Some notices of us, copied from other papers,
 would have been excluded had we been at our
 post when they were selected. We beg of
 friends who favor us with commenications, to
 write as much about the cause as possible, and
 dispense with as much about 4 the North Stax"
 22 they can conveniently.
 We gratefully acknowledge the following
 letter from Germ Smith, Esq., including us
 among the recipients of his generous donation
 of land in this state. The favor is one we
 did not expect, and is the more highly valued
 on this account. We have tong desired, but
 havq never yet had the pleasure of an ac
 quaintance with this distinguished friend at
 the slave, sad of mankind at large. A dtde#
 ence of views on matters connected with ths
 anti-slavery movement, bi served to keep ui
 personally unorvfintul. Thin, we met
will not aiwijf he tho ca so. If hearts
 are one, why should difference of mind
 divide us 1 We differ widely firs® Mr* Smith
 ia retrard to the character of the omtitutio#
 of the 1* rated State* and the Union and we
 are more ai.d more com'nned id the sound- j
 bc*s of our views, and the unsoundacs* of
 h» and yet there never was a moment since
 we first read la* letter to Henry Clay, to the
 delivery of his creat speech last foil, before
 the National Lib.rty Convention, that we did
 not regard him with grateful admiration.
 u. Peterboeo*. Dee. 8,1847*
 Fr.sor.r!~k PvrciASS—jlfy Deer Sir: f
 welcome you to th State of New Vo He. In
 this, your new home, may you and yours, and
 your labors of ove for your opfitacd race,
 be all greaih blessed of God.
 Above is my draft for fire dollars, to pay
 for two years’ subscription your forthcom
 ing paper.
 Conformably to my purpose ®f (n v n l&gt;
 3CCO colored inhabitants of this State the
 principal share of siy lands, which are fit for
 fanning, I made out 2000 deeds last year: 1
 am now busy, with roy clerks, in vaking
 out the remaining 1000. Inasmuch aj you
 and Mr. Nell have become inhabitants of this
 State, I fed at liberty to convey a parcel of
 land to each of you. Herewith arc the deeds.
 I wish that the land waa in a less rigorous
 chute; but it is smooth and arable, and not
 wanting in fertility. Forty acres —that is, a
 quarter of the same lot of which I have con
 veyed a quarter each to yourself and Mr.
 Nell, —I have given to Mr. C. L. Renaond.
 The remaining quarter will probably be con
 veyed to Mr. W. W. Brown, who has also
 become an inhabitant of this State. One of
 the contiguous lots I have divided amongst
 four fugitive slaves, viz: Henry Bibb, and
 the three brothers, Lewis, Milton, and Cyrus
 Clark.
 With great regard,
 Your friend and brother,
 GEJRRIT SMITH.
Syracuse, Dec. 9, 1817.
 Dear Douclass: —l hasten to congratulate
 you on the rising of the “North Star” in the
 horizon of Rochester. I have read it all with
 entire satisfaction—much of it with delight.
 It is a number one, in the best, as well as in
 the first sense. I hope you will write another
 letter to llenry Clay, and expose his folly on
 the subject of colonization. He ought to be
 put to shame for clinging to that humbug. It
 is a delusion, however, not yet dispelled from
 the minds of thousands; and Mr. Clay’s com
 mendation of it furnishes you with a fair
 occasion to kill that dead body once more.
 Yours, truly,
 SAMUEL J. MAY.
Hartford, Ct., Dec. 27, 18-17.
 W. C. Nell JJcar Sir: “Tle North
 i Star,’' Yol. 1, No. 1, is before me. I like
 the paper very much; and desiring, as they
 would say in Maryland, to start with you
 from the jump,” 1 enclose you the amount
 of my subscription for a year. I bid you God
 speed; and sincerely hope that great success
 may attend your noble enter) rise. My owr.
 judgment is not worth much in regard to the
 style of a paper: 1 have some little taste,
 however, in regard to the appearance of those
 I have about me for my own use. My taste
 is well suited in the style and size of the
 44 Star. The name, 1 think, is a happy one,
 indeed. There cannr;, to my mind, bo a
 more appropriate name. Let it be, then,
 what the Polar Star is in the heavens—bril
 liant, dignified, standing in bold relief, and,
 above all, so constant to its position, that the
 bewildered mariner is .sure of his reckoning if
 he can but fix his eye upon it. So it is also
 to the flying bondman; and so may the
 North Star’* ever be.
 With high esteem, yours,
 J- W. C. PENNINGTON.
Seekonk, Mats., 12th Mo. iTih. 1847.
 Fkiend Douclafs:—Having read the
 “Narrative of the life of Frederick Douglass,*’
 I had imagined that a paper edited by the
 author of that work would be both interesting
 and valuable; and I am happy to slate, that,
 in the number before me, I f.nd my most
 sanguine expectations fully realized. If it
 had fallen to my lot to have suggested a name
 for the paper, it would have been most agree
 able with my fust impulse to have called it,
 “The Polar Star;’’ but, upon reflection, I
 am satisfied that Tha North Star*’ is better,
 as that is the appellation more commonly
 given to the beautiful planet from which the
 paper so appropriately takes it name. I hope,
 therefore, that it will ever remain as it is,
 without the slightest alteration. That Star
 in the heavens, fixed, as it is, to one point,
 has been a safe guide to many a wearv wan
 derer, on his lonely way from that happy land
 which is blessed with the religious “spirit of
 slavehclding, robbery, and wrong,” to the
 more frigid, more monarchical, and, withal,
 'more humane dominion* r.f Queen Vie tuna.
 It not only remains stationary in ns pesuion,
 but it is firm a:id determined in its purpose.
 It has never been known to betray its trust.
 The flying, panting fugitive finds in it a friend,
 which neither the fear of a tyrant’s frown nor
 the love of a tyrant's smile can possibly
 transform into a traitor. 1 anxiously hope,
 and do firmly believe, that this paper will
 remain as fearlessly fixed to one point, and as
 really determined in its purpose, as the lovely
 little planet from which it has its name. Its
 only point to shine from will be the naked
 truth—it* purpose, to attack slavery in ail
 its horrible forms and aspects,” until com
 plete “emancipation shall be proclaimed to
 every slave, of whatever eclor or net, through
 out tlie length and breadth of this happy
 land,' 1 which is so strikingly remarkable for
 its t*ts/ anti r hgious iUr/y. The govern
 ment of the United States appears to be fully
 determined that the whole of her people shal]
 enjoy the rich blessings of her institutions,
 especially the three millions of colored people
 st the South nor is this all: she is so anxious
 that neighboring nations should share bet
 advantage* with her, that she is at this mo
 ment spending an enormous smouat of treas
 ure and blood for the purpose of —»winJ»j r g
 in Mexico that singular kind of freedom wlggl
 is the lot of her colored people at home. 1
 hove only to soy, in eoockatß, that if th t
 blessings of hbeny mi independence cum
 he enjoyed jp the United Staten, after hei
 fpranoM civil snd religious institutions cense D
 j exist, 1, for one, do not wish to enjoy suci
 blessings. 1 have not the uoe of language U
 express my utter thhflfwm of the hypoent
*c*l pretences to Christianity and patriotism
 trader which this country groans. Many of
 j th&lt; se who are actively engaged in the support
 of Uh* present irsututisia of America are
 very loud in such pretence*,
 i With thtj bop that thou may 'st be favored
 with entire success in 'hy truly laudable un
 dertaking,
 1 am thy friend and welt-wisher,
 ISAAC. C. KENYON.
Buffalo. December 17, 1847.
 Ma. Frederics Doug la m-Dmt Sir. l
 am much phased with the first number of
 your paper, and am convinced thu the princi
 ples there set forth, strictly adhrred to, will
 effect more to accomplish the end designed
 than any similar organ e\er commerced id
 this country.
 Time forbids, in this hasty scrawl, to say
 more, but I intend that you shall hear from
 roe frequently.
 Yours, Ac.,
 ABNER 11. FRANCIS.
IltstisTTA, Dec. 11, 1847.
 Frederics Douglash— Deer Sir: I re
 ceived the first number of the North Star,”
 through lha post-office, this week, the mean
 ing of which, I suppose, is, Take it, and
 hand in your two dollars.” Bnt 1 was taking
 so many papers, aid my means ao limited,
 that I aaul to myself. Can't do any such
 thing—l have enough now—twice as many
 papers as I can read, and my means won’t
 allow me to lake any more: but I will just
 look into it, and see what it is going to bo.
 So I read the salutatory—the address to our
 oppressed countrymen,’’ and the letter to
 Henry Clay. Enough, said I; I have read
 more than two dollar's worth already. I can’t
 refuse. So I have added the North Star”
 to ray large list of freedom 's advocates.
 Respectfully yours,
 JAMES SPERRY.
We extract tho following encouraging word
 from the correspondence of a devoted laborer
 in Ohio. Would that all the women of our
 land fell the same:
 God speed thee and thy associates in their
 great and good work, take the paper
 as long as I can command a dollar, even if it
 be only onr. I rejoice that the men
 whose brethren cannot speak for themselves,
 can and will speak in their behalf.
 Yours, for our oppressed
 Fellow eountrvmen,
 ABBY I*. BRTCDEN.”
ITTCiiarles Lenox Remono and Frederick
 Douglass, will hold a meeting in Vict.*r, on
 Monday evening, ICth Jan. We hope tho
 friends of the slave in that place, will make
 the necessary arrangements for ihe meeting.
ICr’J. O. Hathaway, is row making a
 tour in Massachusetts, and will receive sub
 scribers for ihe North Star. He will visit
 Boston, New Bedford, Providence and Fall-
 River, and return in tima to fiir at
 West Winfield.
RIP Henry Wa son is row travelling in
 the State of Rhode Island, and is authorised
 tft rapoit-a auhaoribare «üb«ori| tior.s for l
 the North Star. Mr. Watson has expe
 rienced the wrongs of slavery in his own
 person, and is now, by the circulation of books
 and papers on the subject, and telling the
 story of his wrongs, doing what ho can to
 ward the downfall of tho slave system. We
 bid him in his endeavors.
Hr Frederick Douglass will deliver an
 Anti-Slavery Lecture, next Sunday afternoon,
 at two o clock, in the Wesleyan Methodist
 Church, Main Street.
JET* The Rochester Ladies Anti-Sla
 very Society will hold its Annual Meeting
 on Thursday, 13th January, at two o eleck
 afternoon, at the house of Mr. J. Ksdzio,
 No. 3.5, North Fitzhugh Street. Members
 and friends of this Society are earnestly re
 quested to attend.
Hy To Our Subscribers ra Rochester.
 We hope they w ill immediately leave at the
 office, their address, street and number, that
 the North Star may b« promptly delivered.
 KF We have already been imposed upon
 by persons sending letters of no interest what
 ever, to the paper, for which we have paid ihe
 postage. AH should bear in mind, that letters
 or communications, to ensure attention, must
 be Post Paid.
NOTICKS OF NEW PUBLICATIONS.
 A Letter to the Citizer* or the Ujmted-
 States. By die Her. Theodore Paikcr.
 Tins is another stunning bolt from tho hea
 ven of thought, upon the head of American
 Slavery. In the pamphlet before us,
 have one of the most concise, powerful, and
 thorough examinations of Slavery, with which
 we have met daring the course of our anti
 slavery reading. Mr. Parker has examined
 the subject in its various bearings, aud has
 shown himself as much at home in its politi
 cal and economical, as in its and
 moral aspects. The letter should find a
 place in every firnuly, and be read and pon
 dered by every person in the land. Wc
 regret that our limits forbid a more lengthy
 notice of this pamphlet. We may give our
 readers a few extracts from it next week.
 Meanwhile, we hope to receive copies of tho
 work with which to supply such persona aa
 may wish to read it.
Narsative or rat Lira or Frederics
 Docslais, as Americas Slave; wr ales by km*
 seif.
 The Eletijctm Thousand of this work is
 just published, sad may be had at this office,
 pnee 35 cents. It pass'*) throng* nine edi
 tions in England, mm) has been translated into
 French and German.
A Lecture ueitvrrvl ULt Urn Female Aeo
 ftlsvety SuaiMy of flofea,al Lyceum ILU. Nov
 -14, IM7. By William W. 3towa,a s*"-
 We hare received a copy of this ,co
 tune, recently dehrpd by our hwod ar.d
 brother, W,lha» W. Drown Mr. Brow
 well knows ia Western N** of l
 efficient lahavia th# anti-d***’'? 6eM Hd
 *i(daiTd his Independence of slavery but a
 few rears unee.
Narrative or Wieua* W. Baows.
 This at cresting »«d useful publication
 sow pawing through a secood sdiuoa. &amp;ia
 altogether worth, of a wide ebeuUuo*-
 i? ‘V
"
