"I uKOF.RI&lt;’K IMMJULAS.i, 1
 u»u-ur,
VOL I. NO. XVI.
The SOUTH HTAR U paUnhed fverj
 Friday, nt No. '25, HbHalo street,
 ikr Arrndt.)
 TEIIMS.
 Tw per si in n, t* ailmncr. N«
 i ti will l*» received (or a lee* l&lt;rm lUaii
 mV hi iMtil*.
 I '*crli« B’nU no! cxere linn ten inverted
 iyw tin*« ftr mV ({••liar; ever) riil«*&lt;’»p*et»t ia*er
 i n, twenty -tire rcittv.
 Til V. nt'the X IRTH Mr H will 1v t" atta« k
 *1 u KIM in all it* f&gt;lin .Til a*pe»‘t» a tvoeate
 I mv»r«ai. Kv ill IP vtioa r\all llie Mandai
 ».f l*i'ru i&lt; M *i&lt; u it» pmm &gt;fe fh* in-*"*! ami in
 t. lWtn improve :i&gt; i&lt; nf die &lt;’oi.or nt P»:on.»
 anlhwtet* if*- -lav fItr.KDOM the Thru-
 Miiti.ii o«r 1 111.1 v 1: i&gt; Fki.l.ow Cotx
 tm 11.1.
 pi m.isnr.BS notices.
 Vj„ r rn nniiM'i n' r lailntf tin*
 hrtlrr- n| tae |n|* r. «s.i*n of villi* "tiller*, remit*
 »1 m .k 1 I a.ldre#Mrd tv W 11. LI A R C.
 f'l I I’iiMi Mk-.
 a y T it an I hi! other* -•iiliiiij name*, are
 „_ i t, Ur are trail*, an I five llie P.«t &lt;&gt;fh
 i;„! c.„ ,/y, an I rV Suit*. Ha-li fitiltxeriliitr is i»i*
 -K rri* fill- i I II 111 receive I.
 rey \*iv (K-r- hi «i*adin-: in tie* paym*&gt;tt far fan
 mrliserilr r», to Ik- f navarde I to one a-Mresi, may
 have a llftl. roin Inr one year.
 X&gt;- A:l i U 1* ami miaiuliraiiotw iiiuat l&gt;e powl
 paid.
 I.IST OF AOENTri.
 M\v v, 11 1 «11 r i.— ll. F. il'-’it!. 21 Oornliill,
 Pm-I i.i; Vitoei Jo!i oicmi, New Belfot.l; Horatio
 I .-1 r, I, iw Ja him X. Batfinii, laiih; Oeortfe
 I'.v.hih, \Vorres*. r 1$ itirtie Spooner, Plvmontti;
 I'iiark.*!* 11. S*t'i, Spri infil l I David
 X r(!taai,itoa 11. ’iip-.'iter, l-plan.
 v 1 v t-.—Oliver II 1 leti. Portlan I.
 V'KKtfo.vr.—ltoalanl T. II ihiuson, North Fer
 ti-htu
 Co\\reTlCl'T.—J 1 latha-i f.!*o’i:ir*l, Meriilen.
 X 1 \v 11 1 m pun h r .—We in* Tai»|Mn. Bi~i Iforrl.
 \	.w VotiK.—Si liny 11. &lt;ia\. 112, .Xatwau
 Str-'i 1 J.i 11 Met 11 1 S 11*1!». i .-t Bi'oa l«ay
 .1 .|ih p. 1.1, &lt;l r- -a Cniinti Mary liar*
 |ir, AHitny F.li.iv Dili. Mai l-«»; Willetts Keen*,
 I'l-i ri, t ’linlini 'niritv illia 11 S. ItnlliillolT, I r*»V
 .1. Pint, IVii IVaI;J. Je Trey, (le,leva ;K. t..
 Piatt, Until.
 Ilumir. l&gt;i.\Mi.— Vnnni'iev Paine, I‘rovi lence.
 I'ivimi vwt —J. M. M' Ki a, 31 X- utli l litli
 S'l t, Pliilailelpliia; &lt;i. W.tiniies, H, F,ve!ia&lt;i‘»p
 Pin e, llittn; 11. Va.-li'i'i, IS. Itiiwn, Pilt&gt;l«irn;
 W il’i itn W iiiji ■er, ISII olna l-aae !1 il&lt; -rts, Jacob
i ri.i.ev 1. M nitj enery (*oimty.
 Ohio. 'lirivii.in I ni.il l&gt;mi. l'i i"in iati;
 111 "I Hitt 1; Valeiltini* \iellnls-ei, 11,11 VeyslmreSl,
 Warre Coil'lll S.IUIII**! Brooke, Salem.
 Ml Ml*. VI. —RoUeit Bi lks, Detroit.
 1 111 iv ,.—Joel P. D.tv is, F.eonoinv ,W .1 vile To.
Selections.
 From Parker'* J.‘Hit o:i Slavery,
 EFFHI'TS OF SLAVKRV ON L iW
 A&gt; D POLITICS.
 I n »w call your attention to the inllti
 riiec of Slavery on Law and Polities, its
 il Hf-ct on the Slave State's in spe
 eial. its general efleet on the Politics of
 the I'nion.
 In the settlement of America only
 the People came over. Nobility and
 Royalty did not migrate. The People,
 the* Tail'd Instate, of course brought
 the Institutions and Laws of their na
 tive laud these are the National 1 la
 hits. so to say. But they brought also
 p ditieal Sentiments and Ideas not re
 presented bv the Institutions or the
 Laws; Sentiments and Ideas hostile
 thereto, and which could not be made
 re;il in England, but were destined—as
 are all such Ideas—to form Institutions
 and make Laws in their own image.—
 There are three such political ideas
 which have already found a theoretical
 expression, and have more or less been
 made facts and become incarnate in
 1 list itutioiis ami Laws. These are,
 first, the Idea, that in virtue of his man
 hood, each man has unalienable rights,
 not derived from men or revocable
 thereby, but derived only from God;
 second*, that in respect to these Bights
 all men are created equal; third, that
 the sole design of political government
 is to place every man in the entire pos
 session of all Ins unalienable rights.
 The Priesthood, Nobility, Royalty,
 did not share these Ideas—nor the Sen
 timents which led to them, These
 Ideas were of the people; they must
 form a Democracy, the government oi
 all, for all, and by all—a Common
 wealth with no privileged class—a State
 without Nobles or Kings—a Church
 without Prelate or Priest.
 These Ideas, in becoming facts and
 founding political Institutions to repre
 sent themselves, modified also the an
 riont and C ommon Law. 1 he Laws
 of England,” said Sir John bortescue,
 in the lifieentli century, the Laws of
 England favor Liberty in every ease;’
 let him who favors not liberty be
 judged impious anti cruel.” After the
 natimal and solemn expression of the
 above Democratic Ideas, the laws must
 favor liberty yet more, and new Insti
 tutions come into being. Accordingly,
 on the free States of the North, where
 these Ideas have always had the fullest
 practical exposition, ever since the
 devolution there lias been a continual
 advance in legislation —laws becoming
 more humane, universal principles get
 ting established, and traditional excep
 tions becoming annulled. In Law
 the theory of these Ideas —so far as
 expressed in Institutions and habit*—
 and m Society—the practice thereof, so
 Liras thev have passed into actual life,
 &lt;acre is a constant levelling upward;
 the low are raised—the Slave, the Ser
 vant, the Non-Freeholder; the lofty
 not degraded. J u the constitutions of
 nearly all the free States, it is distinctly
 stated that all men are created equal in
 rights, und in all it is implied. They
 all are advancing towards a realization
 of that idea—slowly, but constantly.
 They have lost none of the Justice em
 bodied in the Common Law of their
 ancestors —hut gained new Justice, and
 embodied it ill their ow n forms.
 This Idea of the natural equality of
 all men in Rights, is inconsistent with
 Slavery; accordingly it is expressed in
 the constitution of hut one slave State,
 Virginia. It is consistently rejected by
 the politicians of the South. This dif
 ference of Ideas must appear in all the
 lii-tuutious of the North and South,
 and produce continual and conflicting
 modifications of the Common Law of
THE NORTH STAR.
England, which they both inherit; if the
 one idea adds Justice thereto, the other
 takes it away.
 \.»w among the Institutions inherited
 from England were the Trial by a Jury
 of twelve men in all matters affecting
 liberty and life; the Presumption in fa
 vor oi* life, liberty and innocence; the
 Wight of every man under restraint to
 have a legal reason publicly s .mnn for
 his confinement, by a writ of Habeas
 Corpus. The form of the latter is in
 deed modern, but its substance old, and
 of uncertain date. These three have
 Jong been regarded as the great Safe
 guards of public justice, and in the le
 gislation of the free States remain un
 disturbed in their beneficent action, ex
 tending to every person therein. In
 the slave States the whole class of bond
 men is in fact mainly deprived of them,
 all. 'I
 By the customs of England and her
 Law, while Villanage obtained there,
 the rule was. that the child followed the
 condition of its father: Filita ScquUur
 Palran. Hence the issue of a free
 ni.tn, though horn of a servile mother,
 was always free. In virtue of this
 maxim, and the legal Presumption in
 favor of Liberty, a presumption ex
 tending to all classes of men, the child
 of a female slave, which was born out
 of wedlock, was of course free. It j
 was possible the father was a free man.
 The child gained nothing but existence
 from bis unknown father, and the Law
 would not make that a curse. 'I he child
 of a slave father, but born before the
 father was proved a slave, retained his
 freedom forever.
 If a freeman married a female slave,
 she became free during the life ot her
 husband, and the children of course
 were free.
 The slave, under certain circumstan
 ces, could possess property, acquired
 by devise, by gift, or other means. It
 was so, as a general rule through all
 the North of Europe; the more cruel
 maxims of the Homan slave-code never
 prevailed with the Teutonic race.
 The Have could make a contract with
 bis lord, binding as that between peer
 and peer. He could in bis own name
 bring an action against any one; in
 some cases even against bis master.
 He could, in all cases, and in his own
 name, demand a Trial by Jury in a
 court of record, to determine if he
 were born a slave, or free. To deter
 mine against him, it Was necessary not
 only to show in general that he was a
 slave, but that he was the slave of some
 one person in special. If it was simply
 shown that the man was a slave, but
 was not shown to the Jury’s satisfac-t
 tion that he was the slave of the par
 ticular man who claimed hint, the slave
 received his freedom at once, as one
 derelict by bis master, and if legally
 claimed by nobody, he naturally be
 longed to himsell.
 He could be a w itness in any court,
 even when his master was an adverse
 party; though not possessed of all the
 privileges of a citizen tcgalis Homo—
 not admitted to hold oflice or serve
 on a jury, yet he could testify on oath,
 even in criminal cases, as any other
 man.
 If a slave ran away, and the master
 for oue year neglected to pursue him
 with public outcry and prosecution ol
 his claim, the slave was tree by adverse
 possession oi himscli. W bile he was
 m Hight, and in actual possession ol
 freedom, the master could not seize on
 his children or on his possessions. He
 must legally possess the Principal, the
 Substance, before he could touch the
 Subordinate and Accident thereof. Did
 the slave flee to another borough or
 shire, a jury of that place except in
 certain cases, when the trial must take
 place in another county —must not only
 convict him as a slave before the master
 could recover his body, but must con
 vict him of being the slave of that spe
 cial claimant.
 If the slave took orders in the
 Church, or became a monk, lie was
 free from his master, though this was
 an exception to the law in most Catho
 olic countries. If violence were of
 fered to a female slave by her master,
 she had redress as a free woman.—
 Slaves had all the personal rights of
 freemen except in regard to their own
 respective masters, and in some cases
 even then. There was no hindrance to
 manumission.
 In America the laws relating to sla
 very are in many respects more severe
 than the English laws, since the Nor
 man conquest, respecting villains—re
 gardant or in gross. I’lie child’s con
 dition follow* that of the mother. This
 American departure lruin the Common
 Law was early made by statute, and;
 the opposite maxiin, the rule of the,
 Civil Law, extended over the slave
 States; —Partus sajuihtr Vent rein. Il
 legitimate children of female slaves
 were of course slaves forever, though
 the father was free. But for this altera-!
 tion, many thousands of men now slaves'
 would have been free.
 Contrary to the old Common Law of
 England, but in obedience to the Ro
 man code, the American slave, in law.
 is regarded merely as a thing; “doom
 ed,” as Judge Ruffin, of North Caro
 lina, sorrowfully declares, “to live
 without knowledge and without the ca-t
 parity to make anything his own, and 1
 to toil that another may reap the
 fruits.” In *on»e of the slave States,
 Trial by Jury is allowed to him in uil
 capital cases; sometimes with the con
 currence of a grand jury, sometimes
 without. Sometimes he is allowed to
 challenge the juror* for cause,” tho*
 not peremptorily. But in South Caro
 lina, Virginia, and Louisiana, the slave
 is not allowed a jury trial, even when
 his life is in peril. In *otne other* he
 has the protection of a jury when ar-;
 raigned for inferior offences. But in
 every slave State he may he beaten to
RIGHT IS OF NO SEX—TRUTH IS OF NO COLOR-COD IS THE FATCIER OF US ALL, AND ALL WE AR$ BRETHREN.
the extent of thirty-nine lashes wcl
 laid on/' without the verdict of a jury, bui
 by the decision of a body of justices o!
 the peace, varying in number from twe
 to five. In all cases he is fried by met
 who regard him only as a thing, nevei
 by a jury of his peers—not even by i
 mixed jury of slaveholders and slaves
 Some States have made humane pro
 visions to guard against popular ex
 citement, removing the trial to anothci
 county; now and then humane deci
 sions are made in their favor by jusl
 men. But these arc exceptional spots
 of humanity amidst the general gloom
 of the slave code. There is some dif
 ference in the legislation of the several
 States, justifying the remark l«»ng age
 made in Europe, that the condition ol
 slaves was mildest in the North—hard
 est iu the South.
 Since the slave is a Tiling, he is not
 allowed his oath; sometimes lie may
 give legal evidence for or against an
 other slave, though without any form ol
 solemn affirmation. There are laws in
 all the slave States designed to restrain
 the master from excessive cruelty, still
 they afford but incomplete protection to
 the slave; he cannot biing an action
 against the oppressor in his own name
 —for, as a Thing, he has no Rights.—
 No slave, free negro, or mulatto to the
 fourth degree of descent, is allowed to
 testify against a white man; as if this
 were not enough in South C aroliua and
 Louisiana, if a slave is injured or killed
 when only one white person is present,
 and the presumption of guilt fall on the
 one white man, he is allowed by statute
 to clear or exculpate himself by his
 own oath. This law is worse than
 the code of the Romans, “whose his
 tory was written in the blood of van
 quished nations.”
 The slave lias no legal right of self
 defence against his master's assault and
 battery; the female none against brutal
 violation. The law of Georgia directs
 that “if any slave shall presume tc
 strike any white man, such slave shall,
 for the first offence, suffer such punish
 ment as the justice or justices shall see
 tit, not extending to life or limb; and,
 for the second offeuce, suffer deat
 In South Carolina, on his owner’s ac
 count, he is allowed to slrke even a
 white man, and the offence is capita]
 only when twice repeated. In Ken
 tucky, the penalty is less severe, bui
 applied to free menjof color as well as
 slaves.
 A slave cannot be a party to a civil
 suit. indeed, when his condition is
 dobtful, he may apply to a court, and
 the court authorize some man to act as
 “guardian,” and bring an action iu the
 slave’s behalf, and have investigation
 made of his servitude. But the bur
 then of. proof remains on the slave’s
 shoulders—to show that he is free. The
 presumption that he is a slave Pre
 sit mpfio Jtlalcc Partis —prevail in all the
 South, except North Carolina, where
 the slave-code is perhaps more humane
 than elsewhere, and is thus declared by
 statute in South Carolina and Georgia:
 It shall always be presumed that ev
 ery negro, Indian, mulatto and mestiso
 is a slave.” No adverse possession of
 himself, however long, makes a negro
 tree, or his offspring horn while he is in
 that state. In Mississippi, every negro
 or mulatto not able to prove that he is
 free, inay he sold by order of court, as
 a slave forever. If an applicant for
 freedom is cast in his suit, the ccurt is
 “fully empowered to inflict such pun
 ishment, not extending to life and limb,
 as they should think fit;” the guar
 dians” shall pay the costs; and in
 South Carolina, double those costs,with
 damages to the owner of the slave. In
 Virginia, such a guardian, if defeated
 in his application, may he fined £&gt;loo.
 In such a trial in Maryland, the master
 is allowed to challenge peremptorily 12
 jurors. How difficult to find a guar
 dian” willing to incur the risk; how
 more than difficult to secure justice
 when a negro is wrongfully claimed as a
 slave! Yet notwithstanding the general
 spirit displayed by such legislation,
 some decisions have been made in the
 Southern States remarkable for the
 nicety of legal distinction, and the ex
 actness of their justice even to the
 slave.
 Since the slave is a Tiling in many
 States, a conditional contract which the
 master has solemnly made with a
 slave is not binding on the master, even
 after the slave has fulfilled the contract
 in spirit and letter. This is notoriously
 the law in South Carolina, and even in
 Virginia. A contract made with a spade
 or mule binds no man—with a slave no
 more; the court cannot proceed to
 “enforce a contract between master
 and slave, even though the contract
 should be fully complied w ith on the
 part of the slave.” This is a depar
 ture from the Common Law of Kog
 laud, and oven from the customs of the
 Saxons and Germans.
 The Common Law of England jeal
 ously defends the little property of the
 slave; his Pecultnm. By the common
 law of Villanage, in England and Ger
 many, he could acquire property as it
 was said above, and could transmit it to
 his heirs. Something of the sort was
 allowed even at Rome. Rut in all the
 slave States this is strictly forbidden.
 A slave cannot hold property solemnly
 devised to him by testament, even by
 that of his master. This provision, en
 forced by statute in Virginia, North
 Caroliua, South Carolina, Georgia,
 Mississippi, Kentucky, and Tennessee,
 and perhaps ail the slave States, is more
 rigorous even than the black codes
 of the Spanish and Portuguese co
 lonies.
 By the Common Law, the marriage
 of a slave was sacred as that of a peer
 of the realm. The Customs of Turkey
 regard it as inviolable. Even thfe Ro*
 man code respected that, and the Com
 mon Law, by making marriage a sacra-
ROCHESTER, N. Y., FRIDAY, APRIL 14, 1818.
Iment rendered it perpetual: Neither
 bond nor free may be separated from
 the sacraments of the church,” said the
 Decretal of Gregory; “the marriages
 among slaves must not be hindered.]
 and though contracted against their,
 master's will, ought not on that account
 to be dissolved,” But in the American
 law, the slave cannot contract mar
 riage. In North Carolina, no marriage
 is legal between whites and persons of
 color, including in the latter term all
 descended from a negro to the fourth!
 generation.
 [to he continued.]
 From the Herald.
 j MRS. MADISON A SLAVE DEALER.
 I The Albany Patriot contains a letter
 frnjp its W ashington correspondent* re
 lating certain facts concerning Mrs.
 Madison and her slaves, which have
 occasioned us more pain and shame
 than any other narrutive of horrors that
 has yet reached us from the pandemo
 nium of Southern Slavery. The facts
 are not at all without parallels, familiar
 and frequent, but the person implicated
 is one w horn it is terrible to regard with
 j the feelings which her conduct chal
 i lenges. Mrs. Madison is above eighty
 years of age, the widow of one of our
 most honored Presidents, and herself,
 we have been glad to believe, worthy
 of all the love and reverence which it
 does the heart so much good to render
 to those in whom the most glo
 rious associations of our country cen
 tre.
 Three years ago she sold an old
 slave, who had been nurtured on Mr.
 Madison’s farm, and had been his bar
 ber and dressing-man for a quarter of
 a century. He was purchased by a
 i Northern Senator to save him from the
 cotton field, and is now working out the
 price of his freedom with his own
 hands. Among other slaves,” the
 i writer says, “she owned a mothersoodd
 years of age, and her daughter of fif
 teen. About three months ago, the old
 lady called this girl into the parlor one
 day, nominally to bring her some water,
 I but really to show her to a Georgian,
 as the colored people call the slave
 drivers. The girl was quick on the
 scent, and at a glance perceived that
 she was to be sold. Her mistress, Mrs.
 Madison, agreed with the purchaser to
 send the unprotected child to the pump,
 at a certain hour ou a day fixed upon,
 when he could conveniently seize and
 i carry her off. The gi,i embraced an
 early opportunity to retire behind the
 scenes, find has not made her appear
 ance on the stage since.
 Immediately after this event, Mrs.
 Madison, either piqued a little at the
 loss of the daughter, or from her ne
 cessities, offered the mother for sale.—
 By great good luck she found a family
 in the city in want of a colored woman
 like herself. The price was paid
 to her mistress, and she is now at
 work with the prospect of freedom
 sometime. The reason assigned for
 Mis. Madison’s conduct in these cases
 is, that poverty and want forced it upon
 her.”
 Mr. Madison, it is said, left a good
 estate, including one hundred slaves.
 Mrs. Madison received $*20,000 a few
 years ago from Congress, for her hus
 band’s manuscripts, and is now boring
 lor s*io,ooo more for the balance of
 those same papers. Mrs. Madison is
 herself a mother, (by her first mar
 j riage,) and no degree of want that she
 j could possibly suffer could tempt her,
 if she has u heart, to sell another’s
 child away into Southern bondage. It
 was unmothcrly, it w*as unwomanly, it
 I was brutal to barter away the maiden
 I virtue of that poor child; and it would
 have disgiaced her w idowhood no more
 t to sell her husband’s dead body to the
 i surgeons, than his old barber to the
 soul-driver. His horse or dog would
 be treated w itb more tenderness by
 any washerwoman with an American
 heart in her, than his body-servant re
 ceived from his wife. Out upon her—
 it would degrade our manhood to re
 l spect her if she were our own mother.
 Can it be true Mrs. Madison a deal
 er in human flesh—-a broker of maid
 enhood! “We wish we had not
 heard it.”
 j
 From Honitt’a Jowual.
 TIIE INFLUENCE OF TRACT*.
 '-It is my conviction that more will
 have to be dune through the press, than
 by any other means. Lecturing and
 preaching are great things, but they
 are not the greatest. I hey can do
 something which the press cannot do;
 but the press can do much which they
 cannot do. Tracts can go evei vwhere.
 Tracts never blush. I racts know no
 fear. Tracts never stammer. Tracts
 never stick fast. Tracts never lose
 their temper. Tracts never tire.
 Tracts never die. Tracts can be mul
 tiplied without end by the press. Tracts
 can travel at little expense. They
 want nothing to eat. They require no
 lodgings. They run up and down, like
 the angels of God, blessing all, giving
 to all, and asking no gift in return.
 You can print tracts of all sires, on all
 subjects, and in all languages. And
 tracts can be read in ail places and at
 all hours. And they caa talk to one as
 well as a multitude, and to a multitude,
 as well as one. They require no pub
 lic room to tel! their story in. They
 can tell it in the kitchen or the shop,
 the paHar or the closet, in the railway
 carriage or in the omnibus, on the
 broad highwar or in the footpath thro
 the fields; and they dread no notsji
 or tumultuous interruption. They take
 no note of scofls, or jeers, or taunts;
 of noisy folly or malignant rage. Thej
 bear all things, endure all things, suffei
 all things, and take harm from nothing
They can talk even when the B«i« i*&gt;
 so great as to drown all other voices;
 and they stop w hen they are bid, or a:
 least when they have done. They
 never continue talking after they have
 told their tale. No one can betray
 them into hasty or random expressions.
 And they wiH wait men’s time, and suit
 themselves to men’s occasions and con
 veniences. They will break oft at any
 point, and begin again, at any moment
 where they broke off. And though
 they will not alway s answer questions,
 they w ill tell theii story twice or thrice,
 or four times over, if you wish them.
 And they can be malic to speak on
 every subject, and on every suhject
 they may he made to speak wisely and
 well. They can, in short, be made the
 vehicles of all truth, the teachers and
 reformers of all classes, the regener
 ators and benefactors of all lands.
 I want my friends to give this sub
 ject their attention. I teel persuaded
 that the importance of the press as a
 means of spreading simple gospel truth,
 and promoting simple Christian piety,
 is not yet fully understood. Or it it be
 properly understood, the press has
 never vet been employed as it ought to
 be in this great work. Luther w rote and
 published no less than eleven hundred
 works, in a few years, most of them
 small tracts or single sheets. He pub
 lished at one time from two to three
 hundred in a single year. It was the
 multiplication of these tracts and hooks
 by the press, and (heir plentiful distri
 bution among the multitudes, that gave
 pow er to the reformer’s principles, and
 shook the power of the popedom, and
 worked so great a reformation. It was
 chiefly by a plentiful supply of cheap
 tracts, that Wesley gained his influence
 with the masses of our countrymen,
 and worked such happy wonders in our
 land. It was chiefly by means of a
 plentiful supply of cheap tracts, sold
 cheap or freely given away, that the
 early Quakers shook the nation, and
 in spite of some excesses in their con
 duct. and some mysteries and errors in
 their opinions, almost frightened the
 priests and sectarians out of their w its.
 It was chiefly by means of tracts that
 Joseph Livesey and some of his fellow
 workers, roused the country on the
 subject of tce-totalism, and gained for
 the principle such a firm and general
 lodging in the souls ot the community.
 Livesey did not lecture so much, hut
 his tracts, the fair expounders of his
 principles, were always speaking. Live
 scy did not visit one place in a hun
 dred; but his tracts went everywhere.
 Livesey could speak only English, hut
 his tracts were soon made to speak
 both Welsh and German. His tracts
 made others become lecturers, and
 supplied the lecturers with truths, and
 facts, and arguments. And it must be
 chiefly by tracts, that the principles of
 a pure and practical Christianity must
 be spread through the w orld. Tracts
 have already done gootV without end,
 and they may easily' be nuhlc to do still
 greater good. Let tracts he freely
 and plentifully circulated, and they will
 rouse the whole country; they will
 shake the foundations of every corrup
 tion in the land, and bring people in
 I multitudes from darkness to light, from
 superstition, and error, and sin, to the
 wisdom, and purity, and blessedness of
 the gospel of Christ. They will not
 only set people a thinking, but a talk
 ing too. They will raise up lecturers,
 and help to qualify them tor their work.
 They will bring about a reform w hich
 will bless all ages, and spread purity,
 i and freedom, and peace, through ail
 the countries of the earth.
 Frmn the Pcim. Freeman.
 LITTLE INSTRUMENTALITIES.

 Reader, did you ever go out among
 your neighbors, to circulate auti-sla
 very petitions, to distribute tracts, orto
 solicit contributions for the slave’s
 treasury, and return weary, sad and
 discouraged because success seemed
 not to attend your efforts? Was the
 contribution denied, the tract received
 with indifference, the petition ridiculed,
 the argument and earnest remonstrance
 coldly heard Did a half-lormed
 1 thought rise to your lips, it is of no use
 •to try Did the sadness of your re
 flections on the apathy, the selfishness,
 j the hard-heartcdiiess of those in w hose
 breasts you sought to awaken an inter
 est for the slave, weaken your faith in
 the power of truth? Then listen while
 we tell you of an incident which oc
 curred in this city. A few weeks since,
 a young man came into the anti-sla
 very office and asked for some tracts.
 Entering into conversation with him,
 w e found him deeply interested in our
 cause, and w filing to give substantial
 evidence of ins love for it. He inform
 ed us that his interest iu the suhject
 was first awakened by a visit ol two
 anti-slavery women to a store in Mar
 ket etrect, where he was employed as a
 clerk Their errand was to solicit d&lt;*-
 nat ions (or the anti-slavery treasury.—
 Their con versa! ion attracted his atten*
 tion, and the tracts which they left were
 perused by himself and another
 clerk in the store, and both of them be
 i came deeply interested in the cuus? of
 the slave. One of the partner* in the
 firm also avowed himself an abolition
 ist. We were not surprised at thi*
 young man’s (aith in the efficacy of
 tract distribution, or by hi* generoo*
 1 „ffcr to contribute and to collect mmey
 to pay for the publication of these little
 1 but mighty. rai**ive» of truth. They
 who sowed the seed from which this
 good fruit has sprung, perchance know
 nothing of the result of their labors. It
 mav be that they account that day ’»labor
 as lost, and were at k»Mo*e, as weary,
 sad, disheartened, a* you have some
 times been. Yet their good seed sank
 in good soil, and while they were giving
 their thought* and their labors to othei
efforts, or perchance lamenting the dif
 cullies in their way, it was tending out
 roots, deep and wide, and upbringing
 freshness and beauty.
 Reader, will you remember this little
 incident, when you are tempted to de
 spond.' It may inspire a new resolu
 tion; it may hear to your soul a gill ot
 strength for a new deed of love; it may
 revive your drooping hope. \e whugu
 forth with anxious hearts, bearing pre
 cious seed, doubt not that ye shall come
 again rejoicing, bringing sheaves with
 you.
 CHARACTER IMPORT VJiT TO A
 YOPNIi MAS.
 An aged man may, as an individual,
 be eminently good or evil, but his char
 acter is constantly losing its impor
 tance in reference to the world. So far
 as the relations of life are concerned,
 Ihe is constantly, either voluntarily or
 involuntarily detaching himself from all
 around him, and becoming an isolated
 l being. He reiiics from the bur, the
 pulpit, the senate chamber, the cx
 change. He withdraws from business,
 aiid makes preparation to pass his
 houses and his lands into the hands ol
 others, lie has no powers now to he
 cultivated in which the world feels any
 interest; he has no passion to be re
 i strained, from whose development the
 world would have anything to dread;
 I he can form no plan stretching into fu
 ture years, on which the world would
 look with cither hope or fear. He will
 indeed be respected if he is virtuous,
 but he will hot be feared if he is wick
 ed; and whether the one or the other,
 the weapon which he strikes in favor ol
 virtue or vice, will be like that in the
 hand of the aged Priam
 ti lum imbellc siik* k-tu.
 We may love him as a father, venerate
 him as a sage, honor him for his past
 services, or pity him on account of his
 I infirmities; but we cease to rely on his
 1 arm in the defence of his country, or
 his eloquent voice in favor of a i ight
 eaus cause; .and we cease to dread him
 as a foe.
 Not so, however, w ith a young man.
 Everything is passing into his hands.—
 The key of every warehouse, of every
 hank, and of every insurance office,
 j every professor’s chair, every deed and
 every bond and mortgage; all the en
 dowments of colleges and asylums; our
 libraries, our dwellings, our farms, our
 gardens; all the. offices of the town
 l ship and of the nation; all the entcr
 prises of national improvement, and all
 the plans of benevolence Iruits ol
 many prayers and of thoughtful wis
 dom—all these things are soon to* be
 committed to young'men. In effcry
 i pulsation of the heart of a young man,
 therefore; in every plan that he forms;
 in the development of every feeling and
 purpose, the community has the deepest
 interest. And when the eye is dim
 with age, and the frame is weak and
 j palsied, if there is anything that will
 kindle up that eye with momentary bril
 liancy, or inspirit that frame, it is the
 expanding virtue of a s n, and the
 feeling that the coming generation w ill
 J not be unworthy to receive a trust so
 dear to a departing Chiistinn and pa
 triot. So the aged patriarch Jacob,
 when he was borne down under a
 i weight of years, and he felt that he
 j was about to die, assembled his sons
 around him; and, animated by the
 prospects before them, his departing
 j soul was stirred within him. He pro
 nounced his last benediction in lan
 guage of the loftiest prophetic inspira
 tion; committed to them the great in
 terests of truth and of religion, and
 having made an end of commanding
 1 his sons, he gathered up his feet into
 i the bed, and yielded up the ghost, and
 was gathered peacefully unto his peo
 pie.”-—lieu. xlix. —Barnes in .Yul tonal
 Preacher.
 THE FORCE OF HABIT.
 The public have been so often lec
 tured upon the force of habit by reform
 ers of alt descriptions and qualities,
 f that it is much to be doubted if the
 I most eloquent objurgation would have
 i great weight with our readers just now
 j in inducing them to abandon any prac
 tice which they may consider innocent,
 though confessedly of a dangerous
 tendency. If the following anecdote
 will not convince the most obdurate
 mind of the perils which attend the
 indulgence of any of our appetites,
 whether natural or acquired, there is
 no force in illustration, and argument
 is worse than idle.
 We knew a youth at school, (in fact
 he was a friend of ours,) whose seat
 was at the end of the bench next the
 school house door, so that when the
 door was opened he was screened from
 the sight of the school master. Taking
 advantage of this circumstance the sly
 rogue used to take a quiet nap every
 evening during the summer time, when
 the do&lt;*r was set ajar to admit of a
 circulation of fresh air. It so happened
 that the master stalking about the
 room, one hot afternoon, espied the
 delinquent dozing away against all
 discipline and scholarly behavior.
 Our school master was not a member
 of the anti-flagellation society of teach
 ers, and accordingly aroused ibe juve
 nile dreamer in a way comprthen-obic
 only to those who have spent their early
 years in the neighborhood of the birch
 and other like switch-bearing tree*.
 Teachers now a- days would have only
 reprimanded an offence like this, but
 not so the pedagogues of yore. They
 taught the young idea How to shoo! by
 i the help of such applications as sounds
 like the explosion of a percussion cap,
 and those hoys that were not naturally
 so they made smart by Ibe most infal
 lible remedies.
 The next eveutng our school fellow,
WIIXIAM C KKU 4 Nuiiaui.
 JOHN PICK, i’airrru.
WHOLE NO-XVI.
tli nking that surely the master would
 not Misled him of sleeping in school
 tiim* again, as lie had been ft und out,
 sunk sweetly into a deep snooze from
 which he was startled by sundry sensa
 tions about the hack and shoulders
 which he first mistook for the scratching
 and biting of dozen or so eats. He
 however w as soon ‘brought to a iousci
 usness ot his being again discovered
 i. sleep, and tins time the teacher con
 t lined to wake him up” l&lt;»ug alter all
 igits ol drowsiness had vanished.
 1 he next and the next evening our
 fiend still fell asleep. He had got in
 fo the habit of it, and would delude
 himself by one sophistry or another in
 to the belief that he would not he mo
 lested. Vet every day the school
 master administered to him the most
 convincing proofs of his w atchfulness,
 and growing a little accustomed to the
 exercise, not to rny Horn! of it, would
 take good care to open the door widu
 against the bench as if on purpose to
 give his victim a better chance to enjoy
 his nap in peace. This v\«s kept up
 in school for a considerable length of
 time. At last our school fellow was
 completely cured of his habit of sleep
 ing; hut before this was effected the
 school master got into one of w hipping
 him tv rv afternoon, which he regu
 larly did for three years, whether he
 was asleep or not. A remarkable
 instance, this, of the force of habit,
 SLAVERY' AND METHODISM.
 An occurrence recently took pluce
 in Charleston, South Carolina, which
 displayed in a remarkable degree, the
 arrogance and assumption of slave
 holders. The Methodist Book of
 Church Discipline, from the days of
 Wesley to the present time, has con
 tained a clause declaring Slavery to lie
 a great evil.” V\ hen the Methodist
 Church in this country separated, the
 Southern branch endeavored to have
 the objectionable clause expunged.
 But from motives of policy, or the fear
 of assuming a position so contrary to
 the tirst principles of justice and sound
 reason, it was suffered to remain. A
 short time since, a gentleman called at
 the Methodist Book Depository in
 Charleston, and purchased a copy of
 the Discipline, which he showed to a
 person present, requesting him to note
 the time and place of the purchase.
 Shortly after, the keeper of the Depo
 sitory was summoned before the mayor
 on a charge of circulating an incendiary
 publication; and to escape the penal
 ties of the law, which are fine and im
 prisonment, or the penitentiary, we do
 not remember which, he, in company
 with the Methodist preachers stationed
 I in the city, and the editors of fRiT
 Southern Christian Advocate, were
 obliged to give bonds that no more of
 the books should he circulated in
 Charleston, nor at the missionary sta
 tions established in various parts of the
 State for the religious instruction of
 slaves! The slaveholders will now
 probably demand the expurgation of
 the offensive clause; and it remains to
 he seen whether the Methodists will
 submit.— Hoik. Dun.
 TRANQIIIIiIZING EFFECT OF
 FUTURE’S,
 Every good picture, by which I mean
 every picture that has something good
 in it, is not mere surface and color J it
 has a countenance, like the counten
 ance of a friend or lover, of which
 extent certain expressions are revealed
 only to certain eyes at certain moments.
 1 hen there are the associations ot long;
 acquaintance; accidental gleams of
 lamp or sunshine have lighted up tho
 shadowy no&lt; Its, and startled the eyo
 with revelations of hidden beauty an d
 meaning; or, in hours of lassitude and
 sorrow, hours when the “fretful stir
 unprofitable of this painful actual
 world, lias hung heavy on the spirit,
 the light breaking from behind the trees
 of far-off distance, stretching away,
 and leading the fancy after it, till it
 melts into Elysium, or rural groups,
 revels of sfttyi*, or clouds, or thee of
 pure-eyed virgin or serene saint, has
 arrested the troubled course of thought,
 and stamp* d a consecration on certain
 pictures which it would he a pleasure
 to see commemorated, hut which no
 accidental visitor can enter into. 1
 caniK t express to you,*’ said a most
 distinguished statesman of the present
 day, as we stood in the midst of his
 beautiful pictures, “I cannot *xpn ss
 to you my feelings of tranquillity, of
 restoration, with which, in an interval
 of harassing official business, I look
 round me here.” And while he spoke
 in the slow quiet tone of a weary man,
 he turned his eves on a forest scene ot’
 Kuysdaal, and gazed on it for a minute
 fir two in silence—a silence 1 was
 careful not to hreak—as if u» coo|
 dewy verdure, Us deep seclusions, Us
 transparent waters Mealing through lho
 glade, had sent refreshment mto bis
 very soul—. Vex. Jobuxou't ('umjaut J
 to Pirtnrt OofUrits of London.
 Hr.xi.Tii trrr.cTEp m tiik M ixo—
 In the work of Dr. Metcalf on the si h
 jeet of caloric, he lays down the p ex
 position, that nothing contributf no
 much to lif alth and longevity, a* a
 happy and tranquil slate of mind,
 which is to be sought for tn a tetnper
 ate exercise of all the physical, intel
 lectual, and moral faculties.
 volence, friendship, J«r*. I con
 science, with tender, refilled, and
 elevated thought*, irb never-failing
 source* of health and delight; whereas
 pride, envy. jeilousy, covetousness
 auger, and all the passions, habitually
 indulged to excess, not only cm kilte r
 our happiness*, ztfd (hat of all around
 tta, but sap the Awndatton of health,
 and shorten the period of existence.
"
