"Notices.
frf-.NO UNION WITH KI.%VF4IOM&gt;ERg!.O|
 FOURTEENTH .VNNITERKAR Y
 Of lie Anrriran ltttl-Matcr) S#riel)
 The Fourteenth Annul Meeting of the
 Aolmcmnr .Vu»-Blav«ry Society, will bo held
 m tbs Brand* at TaWnadc, New York, chi
 Tuesday, the Ninth Day of M*y, at 1(1
 W &lt;d*wh, A. M.
 yrcH*ni aspect of p*ihlie a ft*!m in thii
 jskufttrty ch «oUI make tlwi* meeting one ol
 mom linn inr- 1 -—p-- 1 i»
 Southern boundary of American Slavery
 which, sifter* this Society was firmed, hsj
 Vcn removed front th? Sabine to th? Nnccss
 ft is now proposed by it* guardian* to remove
 still further into the froc territoiy of a sistci
 Republic. We have little r&lt;a*on to ex|»cc
 a more favorable termination to tlie two years
 war waged, at an enormous expanse of hlooc
 and tre&amp;surc, for the stmt purpose of extendinf
 the worst system ol human bondage by con
 &lt;p»est. Whether the Abolitionists of th&lt;
 cmmfrr can arrest the perpetration of tht
 stupendous national crime, or not, it is no les
 their duty to make th? effort. The la*
 public protest they may have the op|»orlunitj
 to record against it, should be earnest am
 unanimous.
 The necessity of the moment should al»
 feiuiud us of how much of the work is still t
 be don*, which tins Society, fourteen year
 ago, resolved to do. Sitter its formation, Sla
 very has not bean abolished in a single Sfat
 «l the Union. A million more of our conn
 trymea have been born to the lot of slaves.—
 Hat that this Society arid its auxiliaries havi
 aroused, to a certain degree, a universal Anti
 Slavery sentiment at the North, and hav
 made t!te topic one of alisorbing interes
 throughout the country, is Uie best evideno
 of the wisdom of tb-ir measures, and shook
 h; the strongest incentive to still more strenu
 ous and self-denying toil.
 The oh! and tried friends of th? raus?
 and those who have been hut rcecntl
 aroused to the necessity of ih? overthrow o
 the felon system of American Sluvciy, ar
 urged to make of this meeting a grand rail
 for freedom.
 WM. LLOYI) GARRISON, Pres t
 Wt:\m:T.T, Phillips,
 S. H.Oav,
 John S. Jacobs, a self emancipated slar
 from North Carolina, proposes the following
 HMii js of meetings, relying upon the inflame
 of th friends in each place to aid the caus
 along.
 Westfield, Mass. Wednesday, April 5
 WareesfT, Thursday, 6
 Providcnco,- R. 1., Friday, 7
 Newport, Sal. Sun. R 9
 Fall Itivcr, M;lss. Monday, 10
 Nantucket Tucs. Wed/If 12
 Fairhtfvon, Friday, 11
 New Bedford, Saturday, Jfi,
 Cambridge, Tuesday, 18.
 South Boston, Wednesday, 19.
 ILP The liberator will please copy.
 .WESTERN NEW YORK ANTI
 SLAVERY SOCIETY.
 A Special meeting of the F.xecutive Com
 irmteo will be Ireld at the Anti-Slavery office
 25, Huff.do Street, on Tuesday evening
 April lBtli, at 7 o'clock precisely. It is con
 lidenlly expected, that every member will Ih
 present. The emergency calls for it.
 W. C. NELL, Rec. Sec.
ti-Slvvkry Meetings-.-— -C. L. Re
 Mono and J. C. Hathaway, Agents of th&lt;
 Western New York Anti-Slavery Society
 w ill hold meetings us follows
 Millport, Sat. Sund. April 8 9
 I tinea, M Olid. Tucs- 10 11
 Spnngport, Tlmrs. Fri. Id 11
 Frederick Douglass will attend tin
 above meetings.
 THE DOUGLASS TESTIMONIAL.
 'The absence of Mr. Douglass suggests tin
 publication of an extract from his letter t«
 English friends, relative to the testimonial o
 a printing press and materials. The lettci
 was inserted in llowitt's Journal.
 The tone of the British press, on the sub
 ject of my exclusion from the saloon of the
 steam t»htj&gt; Cambria, during Iter April voyage
 from LrreT]KK»l to Boston, has been all, am!
 more than all, I had ventured to hope or ex
 j«ct. How nobly and successfully has the
 press performed its duty—that ot vindicating
 Ib*‘ right, denouncing the wrong, and throw
 ing its broad shield of protection arouni
 humanity in its humblest and mast defence
 less form. Their promptness in this instance
 Ins done m-ore to impress me with a s mse o
 your nation's honor, than all the other tnei
 dents connected with my visit to your land
 1 feel that my mission would have been in
 complete without this crowning chapter in it*
 history. It is a nation's press defining i
 n ition's position in a question of the greates
 importance to my down-trodden and long
 abused race. I will point Americans to tha
 drluiition, and with its testimony I will con
 found those who slander your country (ar
 many h r&lt;* are wont to do) by the charge oi
 prejudice against color in England.
 You speak of the printing press, and ask.
 shall I like to have it 1 answer, yes, y«s 1
 The very bent instruni mtalities are not t«H
 g.»od for this cause. 1 should feel it quiu
 improper to express myself tints, if the pro
 pased pres'.it were nt?relv ati expression ol
 pers-m d consideration. I look upoll it as an
 aid to a great caus and I cannot but aec *pi
 &lt;d th? b*-*t gift* which may be offered to it
 I hope to be able, to do do a guot
 w&lt;»rk in behalf of my race with it.
 Yours r -s|»‘ctfullV,
 F. IX)I'GLASS.
 ||7*The friends of humanity ,espcciaMy tlicsr
 of ftbein w ho are readers of the North Star
 will he gratified to learn, that though Uu
 editors arc for a time absent from their j ost
 they are elsewhere laboring assiduously in tin
 cause of the oppressed. 'lie* following
 notices will give some idea of their where
 about*, and of the estimation 111 w lucli thet
 labors ar? held:
 FtumUttcifr lhii CLASs, the celebrated col
 ored orator aaJ advocate, together will
 Charlks L: Sox Hmovo, aoolhdi uloquen
 champion of the rights of man, have bot-i
 speaking to crnwdvd'and delighted audience
 m tins village lor die' past two days. \N
 liaro Iward iuanv eloquent speakers aod mud
 th at lee* b.*»n rail *&lt;l eloquence, Nit we tnv
 never h.-arJ Frederick Jlouglass excelled
 ii is certain] v an extraordinary man, ami hr
 has a.i extraordinary uiLsion. He h* ye
 prohibit' in t*iecuninoiicement of liis career
 a career whiidr ptotiw- not only to she*
 r iiowii upoi Imnv.df, Init tirls'stow tin* pr»
 coustwei of Liberty irt• n* mr{ rur
oppress*! brethren. He has the good wi*!ki
 ot a of frecrne^— ru
 On Toss-iiy Opening lagl i levtnfet
 named Utfany, Spoke m tli#?rwi«*tantchscrfa
 in tins flare. fl.iny of HDtr wlkg dfcxatt
 sAj r-fiffr’d to.aftcrtd the Brooks' hi -eting on
 tit* r&lt;My previous, aviated in sacking up
 the audience of LL-Unv. They could tum
 out and h**ar even a negro rather than «w ol
 their own party who was unwilling to take
 •idea against the U. States in us war wnli
 Mexico. —Pat not 'JAIh.
 'Oic manner and a-nrit of this notice may be
 r ‘?ht, but it dou’. look ao 1 1 some of us. Wc
 think that the advocacy of the tualteuabk
 Aghi* «4 mill—•tha doOtABS Alt. Holsot SS»
 tamed, which many distinguished men toughi
 tor against kuigly rule about JO years ago,
 ami winch no real democrat repudiates—is ol
 quite as much importance as the upholding ol
 a war of aggression, let who w ill su-tain it.
 N\ liethcr those who attended ihc negro’s
 moeting Were mostly Whigs we do not know,
 but it i» thought the congregation in this res
 pect was quite miscellaneous. If the Whig?
 have any defence to make for not attending
 uD3 meeting and attending the oih r they art
 eomjietenl to uige it and the Palladium is
 superabundantly able and exceedingly will
 ing to enforce it. It is not probable that
 neightior Morgan intended to bnild up preju
 dice against color—the very thing Mr. Uelany
 opj•• skid—but Ins article will have tiiis effect
 it U has any.
 Mr. JJ. did not speak of national reform at
 was expected, because there w as no afternoon
 meeting. Aurora, Actr /aVxm, O.
 MEETING IN BOSTON,
 Of the Anf -S!&lt;nay Snarly, to (Hd/ratr tltr immedioU
 ah’ hti m of Slavery by rrpuUu tm Fratu*.
 1 The following notice of this interesting
 meeting is taken from the Boston Bee of the
 7th inst. We shall probably furnish a more
 detailed account next week.
 The meeting at the Melodeon, last evening,
 convened by the Abolitionists to express then
 sympathies with the French in their glorious
 revolution, by which .Slavery is to he Iranished
 fnun the French Territory, was very numer
 ously and respectably attended. Wm. L.
 Garrison presided and opened the proceeding*
 with an expose of the object of the meeting,
 The address of the Provisional government it
 the Planters of the Colonies was then read
 following which, Kdmund Quincy ptesenteda
 aeries of resolutions and supfsirted them in an
 earnest speech. Speeches were also made by
 Wendell Phillips, Theodore Parker, and Win,
 11. (’banning.
 The vote of the Senate at Washington was
 severely commented upon; and Mr. Phillips it
 his speech gave the Daily Advertisers of the
 country one of his hard raps for the course
 pursued hv them in givi g the cold should*
 to the transatlantic revolution.
 Mr. Parker slid, in allusion to our refusing
 to congratulate the new republic on the score
 of uncertainty as to whether the revolution
 would result favorably, that it was not usual
 when a man child was born to postpone oui
 j congratulations to the parents till it had grown
 I up, because there was a chance it might die
 in infancy; the child was horn in Frauce, a
 live child, a good looking one and of good
 parentage; and we had every .reason to hope
 for a vigorous manhood.
 '1 liere was a great deal of enthusiasm mani
 fested, and at tl»e conclusion of the speeches,
 the resolutions were adopted by acclamation.
 A committee was ap|H»inted, composed ot
 some; of the principal leaders of the Anti-
 Slavery society, to send the resolutions to the
 Provisional Government.
THE NORTH STAR.
ROCHESTER, APRIL 14, 1849.
 EDITORIAL CORRESPONDENCE.
 Saturday, April Ist.—l am still in Bath,
 in company with C. L. Kemond and J. C.
 Hathaway. The meeting this evening closet]
 the scries in this place. The interest in the
 subject is unabated, and were we at liberty,
 we might profitably remain a week longer.—
 The desire to hear is great, and many wishes
 arc expressed that Bath may soon have anothei
 and similar visit. For a county town, the
 people of Bath are decidedly candid aud lib
 eral. I have as aversion to addressing men
 on moral subjects in such towns. They are
 generally dead to everything but sectarianism
 and politics, and it i» hard to reach them on
 any other subject.
 Our meeting this evening was interesting
 throughout. Prejudice against color was
 the subj&lt;-ct. Its immediate bearing on the
 question of equal rights in the new districi
 school, made it a practical subject for the
 whole community to consider, and gave point
 to the discussion. The Chairman of the
 School Committee, a liberal-minded gentle
 man, w as present during the whole series, and
 though apparently much interested at the
 former meetings, he apjiearcd much more w;
 at the last one and if he docs not favor the
 admission of colored children into the districi
 school, it will not be in consequence of any
 ja rsonal objection on his part. The friends
 of human equality here will wait with much
 anxiety the decision of this question. There
 are powerful influences operating against the
 rights of colored children. The church aud
 pulpit, as usual, enlisted in the cause of
 popular oppression, on the side of the strong
 against the weak. The Methodist ministci
 nf this place asked his neighbor indignantly,
 Ho you think 1 would put myself on a level
 with a nigger?” How like his Heavenly
 Master !—huw meek —how like the early
 qiosllcs!—how like Phillip,who could be seat
 'd in a chariot witha“ nigger! —how worthy
 i believer in the scriptures, that declare the
 iineness of the human family and a common
 Clod, Creator and Saviour! Such minister*
 Jo more to degrade religion in the eves of the
 people, than all the combined hosts of infidel
 ity put together. They steal the livery of the
 ;ourt of heaven to seive the devil in. They
 ire wolves in sheep’s clothing— professing tv
 love God, while they despise God's children.
 “Suffer little children to come unto me,” aayj
 Christ, and forbid them i.ot.” But this j re
 tended full iwer of Christ would ask. Shall
 I suffer black children to come, and thereby
 put pure white children on a level with nig
 gers!” Now, miserable .hypocrite, put ofl
 the sheopsliiQ, and let th wolf appear.
 There was one serious drawback upon our
 meetings, and that was the absence of our
 valued friend, F.. L. Watt. He was com
 piled to leave home on business tins day be
 fore our arrival in town, very much U&gt; his
 md our regret. There arc few meu in the
 rank and file of Auii-Sla\ery like hurt. He is
 i real workingman. Before leaving town, he
 issued handbills and made all the ooeessarv
 arrangement* for On* meetings, and Ins good
 aly, a co-worker with him, made u*wel
 nn i under his ro if during our stay. It
 iuch unodcii'i mi liW-is to whstn we h-cl
 n sf gnt f.il, and upon wUo.n, v.e ’kJuvu,
those ready Id fenrii wi
 #ith our fellow laborers tod frieods Pf n,,
 tM IT nib i|# jk~niii took leave of our fiM&gt;ds fl
 j§ath, andafter five hours ride lhru«|||
 teauuful valley ofdifc Conbuetno, we
 Horning w heiiT a meeting is appointed R»f
 Utw evening in tfce Methodist Epbcopa
 Church. j j.
 Tbit is a youthful town and of wooderfu
 growth seven yean ago, the place where i
 stands was a silent wiiderpesa, now &lt;i coo
 tains an active population of nearly tw&lt;
 i thousand aonla* and is rapidly tarr timing mi
 ia burry; streets are laid out among stumps
 houses are going op amidst trees. Coratitj
 possesses the advantage of being at onoe lh&lt;
 terminus of a Railroad and a Cana). It is a
 the head of the Chemung Canal and tin
 ISlubatargh Railroad, and being well ailuatei
 on the Chemung river, it bids fair to become i
 populous and flourishing town. Ihe presen
 principal source of wealth to its inhabitants
 rathe fine quality and pleuliful growth of tun
 her surrounding it.
 The population, (a most indostnoas ant
 enterprising class,) almost to a man, are coo
 nected and occupied with the lumber business
 They spend their winter in the sturdy wori
 of culling and sawing timber into boards ant
 other useful and saleable forms for Ute mar
 Wet. Their saw-mills are gene rail) near tin
 river side, and the timber is brought to then
 in logs on large sleds built tor the puqiose ant
 drawn by oxen. Much of it is cut on th
 very tops of the mountains, and is rolled dowi
 in places prepared for the purpose. It mus
 be a fine sight to witness those huge logs le
 loose on the steep mountain side and ftirioush
 whirling from summit to base. In the spring
 as soon as the wiutcr is broken, the timber i
 firmly rafted and put under the managemeu
 of a skillful pilot, by whom it is s tee re*
 through its winding way” a distance o
 more than three hundred miles down the beau
 tiful Susquehanna, till it reaches the broai
 bosom of the noble Chesapeake it is me
 there by lumber merchants from Baltimor&lt;
 an.l Philadelphia, by whom it is bought an&lt;
 variously distributed between those two grea
 cities. This river is now full of rafts cob
 as it is, men are standing nearly waist dee|
 in water, collecting the lumber and forming i
 into rafts. While some are being preparei
 others are moving off on their five days vov
 age to Port Deposit. Seven or eight hundrei
 rafu have already passed on their way. Wi
 should like to descend the river on one of them
 ;it must be a romantic voyage, not quite s&lt;
 wild now perhaps, as when Louis Philippe
 Ex-King of the French, in company with tw&lt;
 Indians made the voyage in a canoe. Then
 has been some change in the scenes here, a:
 well as in his experience, since that time
 civilization on one hand and the spirit of liber
 ty on the other, have left an indeli.de impress
 ion on both—but to the rafts They are rude'
 ly constructed vessels without sails or paddles
 j and are completely at the mercy of the swifi
 rolling current except a broad oarby which the)
 are steered. For miles they float smoothly anc
 silently on the unruffled bosom of the tranquil
 I Susquehanna—passing through some of the
 wildest and grandest scenery in the country
 There is however, some interruption of this
 smooth sailing the journey is not without its
 hardships and dangers, and at titfcc* require*
 much energy and skill in order to its success
 ful performance. 'There are some uglv places
 1 in the stream—whirling rapids to be descend
 ed, where the utmost care and activity is re
 quired to prevent the raft from being wrecked.
 Canawaga Falls is talked of by these iuland
 j sailors, in much the same strain as tars”
 i speak of the Gulf Stream. It is said they
 are quite difficult of navigation, and a safe de
 scent over them, is regarded as a bad job over
 with. As there is no ascending the river, the
 current being strong, men that go down on
 the nifts from here return home from their
 Southern journey by the way of Philadelphia
 and New York. These raftsmen, we should
 judge, are pretty wild boys many of them
 go down with j&gt;ockets and only the.
 prudent return w ith full ones and the fools
 among them, though with full purses at the
 mouth of the river, often find themselves mon
 eyless on leaving New York.
 It requires some intelligence and much vir
 tue for persons in their situation, to escape
 the skillful networks of the wicked, almost
 everywhere set in large cities to entrap the
 I stranger. There are a good many colored
 Iversons engaged in the rafting business, some
 i of whom arc men of the most praiseworthy
 industry and perseverance. Our friend E. L.
 Platt, (to whom more than all others, we arc
 indebted for active co-operation with our cause
 in Bath,) is engaged in this business, and
 makes .n anuual voyage down this river, and
 being a merchant withal, he avails himself of
 the opportunity thus afforded of purchasing
 his summer supply of goods in Philadelphia
 and New York. It is a source of great en
 couragement and hope, to see colored men
 entering into mercantile as well as other
 branches of respectable and profitable employ
 ments. We say to every colored man (not
 with the motive of Iago) get moacy in thy
 purse—get money in thy purse.” White
 men can afford to U poor, we cannot; a poor
 w hite niau is better off in this country than a
 rich black man; we advise therefore, in order
 to anything like equality—get money in thy
 purse.
 Tuesday, April 4th. Our meetings here
 have been most interesting and heart cheering.
 The Methodist meeting-house last night pre
 sented a perfect jam, and if I do not misappre
 hend the character of the audience, the effect
 of the several addresses was of the best order.
 We had been invited to this place by a large
 number of persons, for the express purpose of
 ,d&lt; fiwng what is meant by real radical (Jam
 toman This work was assign
 ed to J. C. Hathaway, the general agent of
 the Western New York Anti-Slavery Society,
 and most faithfully did he discharge the duty
 assigned him. lie gave a clear, concise, and
 eloquent statement of the views first f
 1 ed and set forth by the American Anti-Sla
 j very Society traced the history of that so
 ciety from its formation to the prewmt—-stated
 the divisions winch havs taken place in the
 AuU-Sbverjr ranks—and examined into the
 causa* of those divisions, mad planing the re
 sponsibility where it rightly belongs. He&gt;lso,
 roruudeved the present unhsppy predicament of
 th- liberty League and Liberty party, and
 •bowed the tnp *fi«mly of the disunion ground
 uvi-i lush these forms of Anti-Slavery.
 1 have neter heard the wutk doue better.— j
 3
-T
 i of his opponents to his own tcrauL
 l We Imre h**ld meetings here throophotr
 the ilny, nod though the scsm* m
 Cbaisy one in this piace, we hmre had respect*
 l Me numbers during the day, snd i» the eve
 ning crowded meeunf. Caning b te
 mow hmte table ror ill huiftArteaT
 i stew fat ttegn—wlwte——tnf te people
 We have never met with more refinement it
 f any newly settled town than in thin place
 To us, no fart is ?nore significant of elevate*
 l sentiment in any comm nity, than that lift
 1 ladies attend public meetings and arc interest
 l ed hi the movements of the day, for promotinf
 l the Well being of mankind. Go into «1h
 i i country towns, where corruption is gilded wit!
 t' shallow conventionalities, and you wifi seam
 see a lady present at your meetings but gt
 into the sober, industrious farming towns, ant
 I you will sec the moral superiority over th&lt;
 fatter in the very presence of the ladies, wht
 will throog your meetings. The ladies it
 Coming, seamed deeply interested in th&lt;
 contemplated fair to be held in Rochester, ant
 are intending to form a sewing circle for the
 purpose of aiding it. Out Rochester friend*
 should feel cheered by the prospect of sucl
 I co-workers. It is delightful to see ladies
 lending the aid of thcii sympathy as well at
 the charms of their beauty, is carrying for
 i ward such a cause, and he is a tyrant wht
 t; would oppose a straw in the way of such cf
 r forts.
 j Wednesday, April sth. In Ehnim, seven
 i teen miles from Coming and in the same va’
 t lev. Through some misnndcrstanding hen
 among the parties to whom the general agen
 f addressed his letter, informing them of our in
 tended visit to this place, no appointment ha*
 been given out for this evening’s meeting.—
 t It was somewhat difficult to get a house ii
 which to held the meeting. The Methodis
 Church was applied for and refused. W&lt;
 t finally got the Temperance llaH, a placi
 I owued by a religions society which hasseced
 oil on anti-slavery grounds from the Presbyto
 rian Church. Two hours notice was suffi
 I cient to crowd the Ilall.
 Thursday, April 6th.—Our meetings thi
 I morning and aficruoou were quite small. Thi
 5 people here are unused to day meetings, ex
 cept Sundays, and they will not attend them
 The meeting this evening was more than t
 compensation for the thinness of the fore am
 afternoon meetings nnd the tone of feeling
 evinced was such as showed a deep anr
 i general interest in the subject. We shal
 remember with grateful pleasure Mr. Sila*
 Billings and family for their hospitable atten
 tion to us while under their roof.
 Friday, April Bth.—We rest this evening
 j in Pine Valley, about two miles from Millport
 and are made at home i:i the family of Mr
 Bradley, who, though not an Abolitionist
 I in the technical sense, is nevertheless a fneni
 of free speech, and one who is not withou
 sympathy w ith the Abolition cause, and mucl
 esteem for the men* engaged in promoting
 that cause. We shall remember with sincere
 i pleasure the kindness of las dear and intelli
 j gent family. They are among the few wht
 have not only risen alxivc tho mean-spirited
 prejudice agaiust colored persons, but art
 also too independent to defer to the cormpi
 sentiment about them, by refusing to carry
 out their views on this point,
 i o 1
 Saturday and Sunday, April 9th and 10th.
 j—C. L. Remond, Hathaway, and ourself,
 lickl six meetings in Millport. They were
 well attended from commencement to con
 clusion. Our next meetings are to be ai
 Ithica, Springport, and Auburn.
 F. D.
 Hanover, 0., March 27tli, 1648.
 Dear Douglass:—Since I last w rote to you,
 I have held meetings in New Garden, Han
 over, and in the neighboring country.
 I should have mentioned in my last lottei
 that I was refused the Friend's meeting-house
 in Columbiana, and, consequently, held my
 meeting in the private house of our friend
 Lot Holmes, whose doors were thrown open,
 and rather over a hundred persons, male and
 female, crowded in the two parlors, wht
 faithfully gave ear to testimony against the
 crying sin of American slavery. How can
 these misnamed “Friends” reconcile them
 jselves to their course in this respect? I can
 not coocrive that there is much Christianity,
 where tliere is no humanity. The slave
 groans and suffers, while their dry meeting
 houses stand with closed doors, as stubljorn
 monuments of their deaf indifference. In ev
 ery other place, previous to my arrival here, 1
 have had the doors of meeting-houses, church
 es, and school-houses readily thrown open
 to me.
 I In Palestine, my horse was kept at the
 1 tavern of a Mr. Robinson, who rendered me
 many other kind services, and who refused
 pay because I was laboring in the cause ol
 downtrodden humanity. Mr. Robinson is a
 Democrat, and non-professing Abolitionist.—
 The course of this gentlemen was fair, man
 ly, and humane, and worthy of comtnenda
 tion.
 In this place, (Hanover,) I was refused the
 t Methodist and Disciples* Churches, after the
 promise of both, on the ground of infidelity,
 i It was enough for them to know that I was a
 Mora) •Suasion Abolitionist to ensure opposi
 tion. But the people of Hanover, at least a
 great many of them, desired to hear the sub
 ject of slavery discussed, and were quite
 disappointed when the doors of these Chris
 j tian churches were closed against me.—
 Among these were many Presbyterians, who
 i at this crisis of the matter, opened their house,
 by for the largest and finest in the place, and
 the slave, despite ail the opposition of the con
 servaiives, had two most respectable and at
 tentive hearings of the most respectable men
 1 and women of the place, old and young. Mr.
 -Sloan, a staunch friend of the slave, of the
 j Liberty Party, was foremost in granting the
 Presbyterian Church though I am credibly
 informed that several profossed liberty men,
 one in particular, were foremost in endeavor-
 I ‘“lt to prsvent a meeting,
 i 1 have no doubt but there are many—very
 I many, who only require s fair and impartial
 investigation of the subject, in order to be
 -omo firm friends to humanity. The inees
 •ant pouring down of the equmexia] rains,
 I having rendered the toads impassable, has
SLme by the way yfai
 y, iSa ron tend of a*, «#te H
 persons illogrther,
 the country, ji^ew^
 qmie a crowd nf intelligent people, of *ll
 i sexes and ages, to sympathize’ with the suffer
 it# sines. Cosing hack, we were ssrapltiely
 drenched in the rain, when some ooe ol*
 setting the fact—“ What is that,” answered
 one Of the fetnalcs, to the sufferings of lb«
 tftrtWtrhddcn 1 bondsmen! Sure enough,
 what was it enmpnwd with the W?
 I bate, up to the present, been treated like
 amen, without exception, at every hotel at
 w Lich T stopped since travelling in this State
 (Ohio.) At New Garden, the proprietor oi
 Uw hotrl, Mr. Ayrr, white I stopped, kept
 ray borne, aad otherwisetraafatd me with kind
 favors, sod refused to take pay. The finenrit
 of the slave are many is this place, and lUa
 all other places where I have visited hr fMi
 State, I myself staid among then. T shared,
 in this instance, the hospitality of our friend
 Pickens.
 i There is some hope of my leaving here to
 day for Augusta, where I am to bold a meet
 ing to-morrow evening. From there I pro
 ceed to Corrulton, Leesburg, Cadix, New
 Athens, Georgetown, Lloydsvillo, Concord,
 Zanesville, with all important places and set
 tlements, to Coiambus, thence to Cincinnati,
 from whence I shall be able to give you an
 other description of my course. In and about
 this neighborhood there are several colored
 families, all of the most respectable and
 praiseworthy kind. They are generally far
 mers. Of them I shall have occasion here*
 after to'say much more.
 Yours, in behalf of our oppressed country
 men, M. R. D.
 SPRING!
 What mnsic there is in the word! Th&lt;
 biting blasts of winter are gone; the snow i«
 gone the ice is gone. Earth is drinking uf
 the fertilizing showers, and is slowly an&lt;j
 i softly putting on her green mantle. The
 buds are sweiluig out on the trees, and arc
 well sigh ready to buret forth into new
 and luxuriant verdure. The violet, and
 the primrose, the crocus, and the crowfoot,
 j here and there appear in modest beauty. Tht
 i' morning sun shines forth joyously in the deep
 azure, lighting up a thousand miniature ro
 ftoctions in the crystal bosom of the dew
 drop. The soft southern breeze? gently fans
 i the smouldering ashes of a by-gone vegeta-
 I tion into renewed life, youth, and loveliness.
 Welcome Spring, emblem of hoping, trustful
 I youth—gentle, generous, promising
 I Of all the seasons, Spring is that to whicl
 we look forward with the m&lt; s‘ hopeful anti
 cipations; it is the season of hope—of pro
 mise. It is really and trnly the beginning o
 a new year. It is a new life—a resuscitation
 a revivification. The days of darkness an
 past; the days of deadness and dreariness an
 past; the days of frost, and snow, and cold
 are over ami gone. The time for the singing
 of birds has come the time for the budding
 forth of flowers has come; the time of cheer
 ful sunshine and radiance has come. Wc
 will greet thee, youthful Spring,with a kiss ol
 welcome! And as we scatter plentifully the
 1 seed which we expect will grow up and riper
 in due season into a plentiful harvest; let us
 not forget to sow also bicadcast and with a
 liberal hand, the seed of truth: this, too,
 will take root, and grow up, and ripen, ami
 bring forth abundantly.—j. d.
 A CAtir. —The subscriber having obtained
 some means of temporary relief for himsell
 i and cause, and the assurance that his friends
 will not forsake him in future times of need,
 is now on his way to Canada West, to pursue
 j his work of philanthropy, in the Fugitive*!
 Asylum, with brightening prospects. He
 regrets that the impression was made, a short
 j time since, in the New-York Evangelist, that
 j he had relinquished his work in Canada, and
 j that he was unsuccessful in correcting th&lt;
 mistake, as his letter may not have reached
 the editor, though he carefully mailed it ir
 Boston, and paid the postage.
 Utica, Feb 23, 1818. HIRAM WILSON
 Henry Watson. —This friend is now lec
 turing in the State of Rhode Island, and cir
 j culating the Narrative of his sufferings in the
 Prison House of American Slavery, at the
 same time he will exert himself in behalf oi
 the North Star. We commend him to the
 attention of the friends of humanity wherevci
 he may labor.
 IE? The negro population of St. Bartholo
 mew, in the West Indies, have forwarded ar
 address of thanks to the King of Sweden foi
 their liberation from slavery on the decree c
 October last.
 Population of the French Colonies.—
 From the following census, published by the
 French government in 1834, it appears that
 the number of slaves to be liberated accord
 ing to the late decree of the Provisional Gov.
 eminent, is much larger than is generally
 supposed:
 Frte Whites. Kl*vm.
 Isle of Bourbon 17,037 45,080
 Gaudaloupe 28,748 00,085
 Martinique 36.7GG 78,233
 Total 62,546 219,917
 Gen. Taylor and the Wilmot Proviso.
 —lt is said, that Gen. Taylor has written an
 other letter, which is being circulated pri
 vately in ex|&gt;ediency circles at Wasbiagloa.
 declaring against the Wilmot Proviso.
 Howitt's Journal. —The monthly par
 (or March of this ably-conducted periodical
 has come to hand. Its contents are, si
 usual, varied and interesting. The American
 Agents fur Lite Journal are Bedford 4c Co.,
 New York; Crosby sod Nicholls, Boston:
 and it may also be bad st Dewey’s, in th&lt;
 Arcade, in this city.
 TO CURIUMS PO.N LHuVrsT
 A* R.. Kmiw-twuk.—Your list of Sshscriberi
 looks earooraging.
 J. C H.—-Three last communications with samel
 are acknowledged. A ankle Rst.
 A. M., Ahaay.—Tosr hut favor, names, ud
 cash, gimtrfcßy acknowledged. We are aadrr re
 newed lAliyeiiua.
 M. If., A thorn, will accept oar thanks Ir press
 ereiag aflbrt* ia behalf of tha Vanh ttur.
 8. 11. 6., New York..—. Name alhsJed SB is oe
 list, and has hesa htwanU trguUHjr.
 L. L., Host VsIW). —Alt right.
 8. B-, Saint*, U.-tBh March received,
 Ik V., Alsou.—Favor received. Thanks.
fcMi Till f
 C WtnwnnimttofT*
tUTRJgE ITfCW THE lIDRISGTOI
 RJULKOAUf
 fart?* Docn|4f&gt;9: L&gt;u# foight we ha
 4nr of the meet exciting TtiWfirtg* that th
 citnnu of this law and order’’ city hav
 had since the Dorric war. The moving cii
 cumstanccs were as follows
 A few data ago, a respectable colore
 gentlemen, an AnU-SlareA' and Temperanc
 lecturer, had occasion to take the cars on th
 StoningtoQ Railroad* in order that Jia-migli
 go to Hopkintnn. His name is Jeremiah Mj
 «a, a resident at Athol, in Massachusetts.-
 Ha sppftsd for a ticket at the Providence d&lt;
 pot, aiid the clerk gave himnne forth® sccon
 I class. Mr. Myers told him that he did no
 want that ticket, and he received one of th'
 first class. He then repaired to his seat, bu
 as he attempted to entcT the car, he was me
 by a puppy of a conductor, who told him tha
 there was a car provided for niggers, and b
 must go there. Mr. Myers told him that 1*
 should go where his ticket directed, where
 upon the ruffian railroad servant threw hi«
 from the platform, endangering his life. Mi
 Myere did not go, or was not soffered te ge
 as a man.
 The friends of freedom, white und colored
 made this outrage a common cause. estcl
 day, flaming handbills were put out, and lai
 night the spacious Mechanics’ Hall wa
 crowded with fifteen hundred people. Mi
 I George Clark was called tu the chair*indOti
 Richardsou was appointed Secretary. J
 business committee of three was appointed
 who retired to report resolutions, durinj
 whose absence Mr. Myers took the stand, am
 made hi 3 statement, which was listened t
 with the deepest interest. He was follower
 by Mr. Richardson.
 Mr. Garnet, of Troy, N. Y., moved th&lt;
 adoption of the resolutions, and said that hi
 arose to preach a short sention. and his tex
 was, the aristoeratie, purse-proud and over
 bearing Stonington Railroad. (Laughter.)—
 Of all the lines upon American soil, this wai
 the meanest and the most iniquitous. II(
 knew of no reason why it should be so, un
 less it w as because the steamboats belonging
 to that line, on leaving New York, passec
 through llell-Cate,” and received specia
 orders from the keeper of that far-famci
 j place, (laughter and applause.) No money
 no appeal, however humble and tender, couh
 save a portion of the travelling public from
 outrage and abuse on that road. A few years
 j ago, the Rev. Theodore S. Wright, of New
 York, together with his venerable father anr
 the Rev. Alexander Crummell, and hunsel
 I took passage on this line. The night w as oni
 of the stormiest he ever w itnessed upon ih&lt;
 Sound. All the passengers, excepting thii
 company, had retired to the cabin, and no
 until then did they venture upon the after
 deck. They had been there but a fowr min
 utes before one of the. boat’s crew orderei
 them to go forward. Mr. Wright mildly re
 monstrated, whereupon he was seized by th&lt;
 throat and was thrown to the deck. (Shame
 shame!) They were compelled to go for
 ward, where they remained until aboi.t elevci
 o’clock, shivering in the storm. At that hour
 the cook kindly invited them into the kitchen,
 where they slept in chairs until the ncxi
 morning, when they arrived in Providcr.ee,
 tin city of Roger Williams. On that same
 line, the wilb of Mr. Wright, war
 indirectly murdered. (Great sensation.) Slit
 was a lady of delicate and feeble health, ami
 in travelling on that route, she was so mucli
 exposed that on her return home she took It
 her bed and died. These things the law har
 not noticed. The people have suffered them
 to exist, and that, too, in a laud where it it
 boasted that the people govern. Tin? church
 had known this, and the priest and the Levitt
 in too many instances passed by tbe who!,
 matter. That Railroad company, through its
 servants, treated thatr wives and daughters
 worse than they did brutes. He had seen
 ladies in the first class cars with their poodle
 dojrs in their arms—white ladies lie meant—
 but respectable, intelligent and Christian
 colored people were thrust out, and were
 sometimes beaten. Well, what did all that
 indicate It showed the tastes of the com
 pany, and the clean, del irate ami refined ladies
 and gentlemen, who could noi suffer a person
 of color to conic between their nobility and
 the wind, except in the capacity of a servant.
 They were welcome to their preferences. It
 was an old adage, that birds of a feather
 would flock together,” and he knew not w hy
 dogs of the same breed,might not prefer to
 live together on the Stonington Railroad.—
 (Great laughter and applause.)
 It was on that same road that his beloved
 j and able friend, Frederick D&lt; uglass, had
 1 been dragged from the cars, and beaten.—
 (Shame This was the only road in 'New
 1 England where such barbarism was tolerated.
 On the whole chain of road from Maine to
 the shore of Lake Erie, there was no such
 outrage perpetrated. Rhode Island stand*
 alone, among her New England sisters, in
 such iniquity. This was a bud of “law and
 order, and we should make the case of his
 friend Myers a common cause. What wai
 done to one, was done to all. (True, true.)
 t He hoped that there was spirit enough in the
 people to carry the ease before s tribunal ol
 justice, as the resolution suggested. He
 would advise his brethren always to remon
 strate, and resist in some way or other, when
 abused in this manner. Resistance would
 seeure respect from friends and foes. He
 would not pretend to say bow they should re
 sist, but they should retut. For ha part, he
 generally hugged the seats, and sometime*
 they would go with him as a w hole or in part.
 (Laughter.)
 If every colored man who should be molested
 on our railroads, would give their assailant*
 affectionate embraces, after the mode of tht
 grizJy bear, these upstarts would soon become
 j weary of such manifestation* of brother))
 fore, (Lung applause.) llu would not saj
 i that it would bo wett-to fight* hut would sine
 Pty *»y, hug those gentlemen. He was the
 last colored person that was pulled from the
 cars of the Utica St Schenectady toad. Then
 it required four stout men to do it, notwith
 standing he was compeßed to support himsclj
 upon crutches. Very sooo after that iranaac
 rioo, the company altered the odious ar
 range men!. No good was secured in thii
 w or Id without suffering and sacrifice. He be
 liovcd that the whole of this oppression wai
 in violation of the tempaay* charter. If tht
charter allowed Otero to practise :f
 then it w» unconstitutional, ai d
 legally tested.
 r He was happy l« see such an orcnrhrj m
 meeting tonight, and be hoped that th*
 I in S wou W won in rebuki B?
 villa nous conduct, the perpetration of
 had sp generally aroused tW puldn-.
 pis use.) Mr. Garnet resumed Ins t r
 The rerfejing was further addrrired T
 I Messrs. Davis, Jlammond, \Vheeler \f,
 Richardson and the Chairman. f 7&gt;
 i Thc adopted a pet We* lo
 i Legislature, praying that a law may be
 f prohibiting such ontrigcs.
 Many of the meet TCspertaMc eftraen,
 j Prevalence were present. The «hide lsVjf
 I j My fotwwlod of at leat one thousand f\
 hundred jiersons. The meeting adjourned
 quarter past ten. It was one of tin* most
 thusiastic meetings ever held hi this city
 LIBIiRTAS.
 'i Providence, April 4, 1848.
 5 I
 THE SMITH LANDS,

 Tlie Northern St3r and Colored Farrijf r
 published at Albany, has been lately n]., r
 and much improved in its general appearamy
 an*f i* ex.;rung a heoeficial influence anw( J
 those w ho are aiming to elevate thfii.*c|v«ei l
 the scale of being.
 Its indefatigable Editor, Stephen Myers, J r
 1 has just returned from a visits XV* Ysrti
 and the river counties, a34 rqiorts
 j lows:
 “We find that a large number of pmor*
 are making arrangements to go on their lard*
 early in the ensuing month. Every per*&gt; n
 that can raise sufficient means to leave thfoty
 of NeW Yi fi and emigrate to iheir lan.ls, aP9
 j doing so. We bid them God speed m their
 1 enterprise, and hope that their u.duMry w.ff
 i be rewarded by the speedy possession of a
 1 comfortable home.’’
 The same paper contains the proceeding, r f
 a public meeting at Albany on the evening of
 March 23d, to devise plans for the occupation
 of lands given to colored citizens by Germ
 Smith, Esq. Committees were appointed,
 and plans proposed for more definite action.—-
 This looks encouraging, and must warm the
 heart of that good man, whose munificenco
 has thus been noldy tendered.
 The papers are making mention of the*
 man w ho cut the first tree in the wilds of Ohio.
 He is still active, and resides on a small farm
 in Oneida county, in this State. His name is
 Daniel Cushvve.il, and his age is 80.
 Who, among the settlers of Essex and
 Franklin counties, will there fell the first
 1 tree The North Star w ill hail the name and
 hand it dow n to posterity
 A meeting is proposed in New York city,
 on the 20th inst., to aid the Essex and Frank
 lin settlers. The call is headed, Hurrah,
 for the Smith Lands! God spe« d the
 plough —\v. c. n.
 INFIDEL Fn.VNFE—CHRISTIAN
 I AMERICA.
 i

 j France has throw n olf the rolics of roy
 alty, and clothed herself in the ruin s of Re
 publicanism. The former she had outgrow n r
 and the latter well become her. This is in
 dicative of true growth. The fact in itself is
 replete w ith interest to the mind of the gen
 uine lover of liliorty but the munrer and
 ease by which the change was effected, gives
 moral sublimity to the whole transaction. It
 was accomplished far more by moral than
 physical power. No revolution of any na
 tional government was ever effected with less
 sacrifice of human blood. It is a heaulili I
 exemplification of the efficiency of moral
 power. Every honest and earnest utterance
 ol the truth, touching the great question of
 Human Rights, lias contributed to this result.
 Not one word has been i&lt; st. The fires of
 freedom, kindled in the heart of one true man,
 havo extended to his brother, ar.d the electric
 spark has passed throughout the world-
 Franco has gathered up this power wherever
 it was to lx; found, and her people, in. its
 strength, luive asserted their rights.
 lilt* words of Daniel O'Connell have not
 Ixieu uttered in vain Any revolution pur
 chased at the expense of a drop of blood, is
 purchased at too dear a iate.” The labors of
 the Thompsons, the Row ings, and JSturgrs,
 of England—the Smesls, of Scotland, and
 the liaughtons of Ireland, have not been in
 vain. America, too—blood-stained, slave
 cursed America—has furnished her quota of
 power. William Lloyd Garrison, Henry C.
 Wright, Elihu Burnt, Adin Ballou, havo
 done much to stay the effusion of blood in the
 late revolution in France. The whole Anti-
 Slavery host of America have been toiling for
 king-ridden France. Few are aware of tho
 mighty influences w hich the Anti-Slavery agi
 tation in our own country has had upon this
 movement.
 He who settle* Freedom’* principle*,
 Write* the death-warrant of all tyrranny.”
 lTicf reneh have just conceptions of Human
 Rights. The Puritans fled from oppression i*
 the Old World, and hung Quakers ami witch
 es in the New. The American Colonists,
 threw off the yoke of King George th«i
 I bird, aud imposed one, far more grievous Us
 he borne, upon one-sixth of their own populs
 tion.
 But the Republic of France, this youn g
 Republic, to her immortal glory and honor,
 among her first acts, hns declared, coolly,
 calmly .deliberately, that Every citizen ban
 elector Absolute Freedom of ThougLt
 and Liberty of the Press; Right of Political arul
 Industrial Associations to be secured to all;"
 and, to crown the whole, buvvcar is to et
 Abolished at oxck. 44 liberty. Equality,
 Fraternity.”
 France is in6&lt;lel—America b Christian
 Will Christian America follow the example
 of infidel Franco, or *rs Humanity and
 Freedom to gain more ftom infidelity than
 Christianity
 People have been startle,! and frightened
 when told by the Abolitionists that Ajiwurm
 slavery would be much more easily and
 speedily abolbhed if American rehgwu were
 at ouce annihilated.
 I yraooy and oppression are never so for
 midable and terrible as when tyrants and op
 pressors put on the mantle .of religion. It
 becomes sacred and Indy when baptised, and
 men forbear to lay rude hands upon it. The
 spdl must be broken. Peoplo must be taught
 difference between religion and Chris
 lenity* and by the lute they bear for tbs ooe,
 kc induced to repudiate and abhor the other
 '‘hen they conic b conflict.
 P. C. A.
"
