"Poetry
Fur the North Star..
 TIIOI’OHT'S ORBIT.
 U 1» teW the orbit «f kiwi thought
 the still take m Mtfir rings i* stirrsd,
 By pehWj ■riaailc (Kmc from chiMbnod’s hand,
 The Wacared rippling of the nvn ia bawd,
 ••fiKwiaa, aa they km the had;
 Nor Vaa fiuuilmr to the ear of aaan*
 Thera I music of wntraverwed eporr,—
 pUafrt path Ins fir hoe learned to area,
 T&gt;» every star assigned Ha separate plaro,
 The comet’* track we know; Thgajk’t orbit who
 can trace!
 Iwlwfinf, omnipresent, arrful Thought!
 It grasps th* ettended universe—its flight
 U far through fields no eagle's wing had)
 F.’e« to the source of uncreated light.
 And where kith thought it* birth? Stupendous
 :hti»g,
 r&lt;mt,maa.og earth, aw) heaven, and k.west
 Ita home ia where the heart’s deep echoes ring,
 *ar in the unfathomable spirit*a inmost cell.
 It* secret place £e know —its circuit who caa tell
 Trace the fierce Tlwajlrt of vengeful srath ami
 pride,
 That to the cn*|remr’i bran* in bn hood nune,
 Through mam a dreary scene rtf ruin wide,
 I tel is of the dead, nud cities rolled in flame,
 Track die fi.ll Thought of avarice, where the
 slave
 I* tasked to death beneath a tropic sky,
 hfft chieftain ami his folios ers brave,
 Far fromm-tr waste.) home, in exile sigh:
 So Christian Europe's son. their glorious forth balie.
 A W Thought's orbit! wider than the earth,
 And Itronder than the earth, encircling son,
 R *&gt;dling in cme embrace tlio frosen north,
 And genial plains of southern fragranry,
 Silent ami soft as evening’s earliest star,
 It glhles unbidden through the generous soul;
 But fdlow, if thou caost, its course alar,
 And tell me where it finds its distant goal,
 The naves that Thought hi. stirreJ, to Heaven’s
 high confie. roll.
 Tl»c Tl»&lt;Hii.h of kiodnc«&lt;*’Ttmrk da high career,
 At wiiosr couim;ind the prison fiolts were riven,*
 Dr ber*,f to every child of suffering dear,
 To uhom tlie key-note of the heart was given.
 Ib'.i! how Las as. i for the oppressed arose;
 T Vlwt time Columlms fimn l die workl he s ught;
 How British hearts, on fin- for Afric’s woes,”
 Told down their millions,and lier freed.,m bought:
 Tlicso are tlic glorious deeds first sliadowed fi»rtli in
 thought.
 Tlwse are a portion; lut what verse nlu.ll sing
 Tin. kindly thought ne’er echoed back by fame,
 Tliat sprang as roses in the desert spring,
 \l here, save the w ind’s light tread, no footstep
 came!
 T et by the breeze in widening eircles Is,me,
 Full soon it (lies to earth’s remotest bound,
 Where cr the weeds of wretchedness are worn,
 W here er a tear on human rlieek is found,—
 There hath the deed of love tl»e thought of kindness
 crowned.
 But one high thought there was had birth in
 heaven,
 T&gt; that sad Imur w hen n-.an Ins Eden lost—
 I bought ef a race redeemed, a worldjforgivcn— J
 Thought hailed with awe throughout tlie angel
 host.
 Earh impulse soft of huma'wsvmpnthv—
 Behold the source exhaust less w hence it sprang,
 All blind with this in faultless liannonv,
 On this their’centrc all the rest are hung—
 To this high thought]alone th’ immortal harps are*
 strung.
 John Howard. f Elizabeth Fry.
 H H.
 England,.! mo. 20, 1348.
 RELIGION—WHAT IS IT!
 *Tis not to go to church to-day,
 To look devout and seein to pray;
 And ere to-morrow’s sun go down,
 Be dealing scandal through the town.
 Not every sanctimonious face,
 Denotes the certan reign of grace;
 A phiz tliat seems to vcotrl at sin,
 Oft wsils hypocrisy within
 ’Tis not to mark out duty’s walk,
 Or of our own good deeds to talk,
 Anti then to practise secret crime,
 And so misspend ami waste our time.
 Tie not for sects or creeds to fight,
 And call tlieir seal tlie rule of right;
 When all tliey wish for at die best,
 To sec one church excel the rest.
 ’Tis not to wear the Christian dress,
 And love to all mankind profess;
 1 lien treat with scorn die suffering poor,
 And fast against them close die door.—
 Ah, no! religion means not dii*,
 Its fruit far sweeter, fairer is;
 In heavenly soil alone it Uirives,
 And more diau blossoms where it lives.
 THE LETTER FROM HOME.
 BY J. G. LYONS, LI..D.
 A youthful stranger walked alone
 In a great city’s busiest plan
 He heani not one familiar tone,
 He saw not one familiar face;
 He trial that long ami weary street.
 Tilt day’s last beam waxed faint and dim,
 But none were nigh to .diucr or greet—
 Not one was du re to smile on hiui.
 He saw before him thickly press
 The rude, die licautiful, the proud,
 And felt (lint strange deep loneliness,
 Which Halid us in the selfish crowd:
 Aye? though his heart was stern and strong,
 And scorned earh soft and waifiug mood,
 He felt a sore and saddening throng
 (If doubts and w asting cares intrude.
 While yet he mused in bitter thought,
 A messenger appenred at hand,
 Who to that mourning pilgrim brought
 A letter frotn.hi* own lair land.
 Eager as if it searched a mine.
 Hi* eye die welcome page explored,
 And a« he read earh glowing lino,
 Hope, gladne-s, life..were all restored.
 \ct unghis-f riuMi the voice ii-oin kune.
 Which nerved that duxiping rxik-’s hrt jut,.
 These word* of thine, Redeemer? rome,
 To ralui our fears, and giye us rest:
 When in some sad ami sunless hour,
 We pine for smiles ami tours of love,
 They bid Us look, dtrough storm and slmwer,
 To Thee, our light and hie above.
 TIIET. PRKBB.
 ■t u*. m. r.
 Thoughts flit ami flutter through the i.m.d,
 As o’er the waves the shilling win.);
 Trackless and traceless is their flight,.
 As falling stars of yesternight,-
 Or the old tide-marks on llur shore.
 Which other lidrs Imve ridded o’er.
 Yet Art, liy genius trained ami taught,
 Arrests, records die fleeting thought.
 Stamps on th« minute or tbs hour,
 A lasting, an i-G-rawi *l*&gt; wer,
 Aim] to mind’s |utssiug shadows gives
 An kjffuetMo that (or ever live*..
 But mightiest of the mighty means,
 Us which tin: anu of progress leans,
 Han’s noblest mission to advance,.
 His woes assuage, his weal enhance,
 HU r.glus rtolorur, his wrongs min m
 Mioiimsr ot snut t is ist Fnrvs.
Selections.
JOHN TAW BPIBM.
 Thai gcnttenM* seems to poaaeM i
 talent, somewhat rare among po
 liticiaaa, of perspicuity of style in
 i speaking. Hia hearers can scarcely
 raise a doubt as to what be means. He
 apparently has not taste for throwing
 dual into the eyes of his audience, and
 leaving them, at the close of a speech,
 in delightful uncertainty respecting his
 reel sentiments on the subject on which
 he has harangued them. In his speech
 at the State Convention of the Rad
 ical Democracy,’* held at Utica, N. Y.,
 j he very clearly defines his position rela
 i five to slavery in Mexico. His burning
 words are a rebuke to many a cow
 j ardly, servile Northerner, who dares
 not speak above a whisper, respecting
 the outrage which the slave power of
 the nation is about to perpetrate. But
 we are sorry to hear him say that he
 jj would give slavery where it exists, “the
 security which the Constitution has
 given to it.*’ Will he help to sustain
 wrong and injustice, from which hi*
 soul revolts, because his fathers con-
 traded to do so? Will he seize the'
 fugitive, and restore him to his pursuer? j
 Will he fight against insurgent slaves
 who have heard that “resistance to;
 tyrants is obedience to God,” and who,
 feeling that death is preferable to bon
 dage, have rushed to a wild
 effort to obtain liberty? Yet the con
 stitution requires this of the North. It
 is in the bond. Will he consent to the;
 compact? Does he not feel, in his;
 inmost soul, that nak is more than;
 Constitutions?” W f e arc sure that he
 does. His bold words concerning
 resistance to the oppression of Mexico, j
 clearly show that he thinks there is a
 higher treason than treason to one’s
 country that the traitor to Hum aw.
 I itv is the trator most accurst.” If he
 will be true to his own better nature,
 j and walk in the light already revealed,
 to him, we'shall not much longer hear'
 from his lips such language respecting
 constitutional securities to slavery.
 The following is an extract from the
 speech alluded to.
 Now I am free to say’for/my self,
 and as I have already said to the inem-’
 bers of this Convention, I say so with
 the more freedom because it is of no j
 kind of consequence what my action
 may be that 7 have never entertained
 but one opinion in regard to the traffic in
 human flesh, and buying and selling lire
 bodies, and that is an unqualified aver
 sion and disgust for it and while I j
 would give to those States where it ex- j
 ists the security which the Constitu
 tion has given to it, the moment they step
 an inch beyond this, they attract the pub
 lic attention and invite a discussion of
 the evils of Slavery. They do so un
 wisly, and I regrit it; but when they
 do so, the free white people of this
 state will discuss and condemn it. The
 idea of marching, in the, 10th century, I
 with the immense pow’er of this free
 republic, upon, an enfeebled and half-;
 civilzcd people, and forcing upon them
 the institution of slavery which they,
 rejebt, and making it a fundamental!
 article of a treaty of peace that they j
 shall be guarded against, is so repug
 nant to my sense of what is due not
 merely to the superior magnitude and
 strength of our own country, but so
 disgraceful to our free institutions, and
 so pregnant with evil to the people of
 both countries, that if I couid be satisfied
 that this tear is prosecuted to plant hu
 man Slavery in Mexico devoted though
 I am to the glory, honor, welfare and
 progress of these United States in every
 breath of my life, in every fibre of my
 system, so help me God, I would join
 the Mexicans to-morrow in resisting
 such oppression! (Applause.) Not
 only this, but I would pledge myself to
 recruit, among the freemen of this
 State, armies, while the kingdom of
 Polkdom was recruiting single men.”—
 Penn Freeman.
EDUCATE THE PEOPLE.
 Men of wealth—men of learning!
 pour instruction .upon the heads of the
 People—you owe them that baptism.
 Look at the boy in the gutter! hatless,
 shoeless, and almost naked, he is a
 part of our king, a part of our sover
 eignty. Should he not receive a
 sovereign’s education? Should he not
 be prepared for the throne our institu
 tions have given him? There is a gem
 in every human soul; let the diamond
 be polished, and it will shine in truth
 and beauty. There is still in the most
 debased a beam ethereal, though
 sullied and dishonored, still divine.”
 And our motto-should be—Teach and
 habituate the people to make a right
 use of the faculties which God has
 given them, and trust them fearlessly
 to themselves. Give Democracies
 education and freedom of action, and
 then let them ulone.
 Uneducated mind is educated vice,”
 for God made man to know. He is
 the creature of instruction; for, in a
 right education there is a divine alche
 my which turus all the baser parts
 of man’s nature into gold. We are
 told by the ancients that, as soon as
 the first rays of the morning sun fell
 on the statue of Memnon, it sent up
 music. It is after the first rays
 of knowledge fall upon man, that his
 nature discourses harmony—-all before
 is the hardness of barbarism.
 All can see that wickedness leads to
 misery; but very few find out that
 which is equally certain, that ignor-;
 ance in like manner, leads to nusery,
 and misery to wretchedness. l)r.'
 Johnson was once asked, Who is the
 most miserable man?” aud the reply of
 the sage was, That man who cannyt
 read on a rainy day.” The writer!
 was once passing through a park, and!
 saw, nailed to oue of the trees, this
 warning: M All dogs found in this park i
 will be shot.” A friend who w»s with 1
 us remarked, “Uulessdogs can read,i
 they are pretty badly off here.” Now);
 God has not only written his laws upon
 the trees, but in the stars and in the'
 flowers; his laws are above us and
 beneath, on our right and on our left,
 and, if a man is not able to read, he is;
 pretty badly oflf here—worse off than
 the dog, for the dog sns a master to'
 read for him; but man has no master
 between him and his God.
 A maxim, of more truth and* force'
 than any I remember to have seen was
thrown off by n British statesman—by
 MM who was, in learning, vivid,
 varied, and philosophical, and who, hi
 conversation, threw oat non gems,
 sparkling and brilliant as they came,
 than any other man of bis age. His
 profound apothegm wan, that Educa
 tion is the cheap defence of nations.”—
 And, it I might put n truism by tho side
 of this, I would say it is cheaper to
 educate the infant mind, than it is to
 support the aged criminal. Bestow the
 peace on common schools, and save
 the pounds on prisons. Man was not
 made to be sent to prison, but to be
 educated; and the very worst use
 you can pot a man to is to bang him.”
 Neither is a man a human poor box,
 into whose mouth we are to drop a few
 cents daily. “The ignorant child, left
 to grow up darkening into the deeper
 ignorance of manhood, with all its jea
 lousies, and narrow-mindedness, and
 its superstitions, and its penury of en- 1
 joy meats; poor amid the intellectual
 and moral riches of the Universe;
 blind in its splendid temples which God
 has lighted up, and famishing amid the
 profusions of Omnipotence.”
 Oh, woe for tbooe trbn trample oa the mint!,
 That fearful thin-! TV) kaow out hat they do i
 Nor oka thnr dal with
 They by rude head* upon God’s mysteries there."
 —American Amaranth.
FAMILY AND SOCIAL READING.
 The benefits of social reading are
 manifold. Pleasure shared with others,
 are increased by the partnership. A
 book is tenfold a book when read in the
 company of beloved friends, by the rud
 dy tire, on the wintry evening; and
 when our|intellectual pleasures are;
 bathed in domestic affection. An ele
 gant the practice
 of reading aloud, says:—
 Among a thousand means of
 making home attractive—a main point
 in ethics—this stands high. What is
 more pleasing What more attractive
 What more rational? He would be a
 beneiactor indeed, who should devise a
 plan lor redeeming our evenings; and
 rallying the young men who scatter to
 clubs, and taverns, and brawling as
 semblies. Such a reformer and invent
 or w'ould deserve a garland of heart's
 ease, from the hands of slighted wo
 man. Families which are in a state of 1
 mutual repulsion have no evening to
 gether over books or music. The mas
 ter is at the frequented bar-room. The
 boys are at some public room or place
 of amusement. The girls are abroad
 in full dress. The mother sits at home,
 in spectacles. And the several par
 ties straggle in, weary and sometimes
 surly, at such hours as suit their whim j
 and then only because nature demands
 sleep. It is well even if this, at length
 is not sought from home.
 There is a higher reason still, in
 favor of the practice here recommend-
 cd. Written is the vehicle of a vast
 body of truth relating to our spiritual
 and immortal part, truth which we are
 prone to neglect, and truth which is I
 never without asocial reference. No
 where is the volume of holy wisdom more
 appropriate, than when read aloud in
 the household assembly nowhere is
 religion more sw*ectly intermingled with
 the attachments of the heart. Heaven-1
 ly counsels are not the less impressive
 when conveyed in the winning tones of
 the familiar and cherished voice.
 I beg leave to add, this is a pleasure*
 for the poor man’s house, and for this I
 10% e it. man, if educated, is
 placed almost on a level with the prince,
 in respect to the best part of literary j
 wealth. Let him ponder the suggestion 1
 and enjoy the privilege.”
LADY HESTER STANHOPE’S
 PREDICTION.
 The following is taken from Lamar
 tine’s Pilgrimage to the Holy Land,”
 in 1832-3;
 After Lady Hester’s reception of
 Lamartine, she said, not knowing even
 his name, “Sit down, and let us talk.
 We are already friends.” How,
 my lady,” said Lamartine, “can you
 honor so soon with the appellation of a
 friend, a man whose name and whose
 life are entirely unknown to you? You
 know not M ho ain.”
 It is true,” she replied, I know
 not what you are, according to the
 world, nor what you have done, while
 you lived amongst mankind; but I al
 ready know what you are before God.
 Do not take me for a madwoman, as
 the world often calls me; but I cannot
 resist the wish to open my heart to you.
 There is a science at present lost to
 your Europe—a science, which, cra
 dled in the East, has never perished
 here, but still exists unextinguised. I
 possess it—l read in the stars; I have
 only seen you for a few minutes, yet
 you arc known to me as well as if I had
 lived an age with you. Shall I reveal
 you to yourself? Shall I predict your
 destiny? Believe as you think
 proper, you are not the less one of
 those men whom I expected, whom
 Providence sends to me, and w ho have
 a great part to play in the drama which
 is preparing. You will soon return to
 Europe; but it is all over with Europe.
 Prance alone has a great mission to
 accomplish, in which you will partici
 pate. I do not yet know how, but I
 can tell you to-night, if you wish it,
 when I have consulted your stars. I
 do not know the names of all; I at
 present see moi*c than three; I per
 ceive four, perhaps five, and who
 knows perhaps still more. One of
 them is certainly Mercury, which gives
 clearness and color to intelligence and
 speech. You must be a poet. I read
 it in your eyes and in the upper part of
 your countenance. Lower down, you
 are under the empire of wholly differ
 ent and almost opposite stars. There
 is the power apparent of energy and
 action. Return thanks to God!'
 There are lew men born under more j
 than one star; few of whom that one,
 is fortune; fewer still, whose star, even 1
 wbeu favorable, is not counterbalanced
 by the malignant influence of an oppo-'
 site planet. You, however, have se
 veral they alt combine to serve you,
 and ail aid each other in your favor.!
 What is your name?" I told her. “I I
 never heard it before,** said she, with
 accent of truth.
 All this, be it remembered, took
 place iu September, 1833, nearly six- 1
 teen years age! The prediction wan
 certainly remarkable. In the course
of thia routs i sal km, LimHm mlni
 the following remarks to Lad/ Stan
 hope, in reply to her expressing the
 hope that he wee an aristocrat like
 herself: I un neither an Aristocrat
 nor Democrat; I have lived long
 enough to have foond, on examining
 both sides of the medal of human na
 ture, that they are equally hollow; my
 principles are as little aristocratic as
 the reverse. I anr a man, and an ex
 clusive advocate of any system that
 may tend to improve and perfect the
 whole man, whether he be born at the
 top or the foot of the social scale. 1
 neither espouse the cause of the peo
 ple, nor of the great; but that of man
 kind in general! Ido not believe that
 aristocratic or democratic institutions
 possess the exclusive virtue of render
 ing human nature perfect: this virtue
 is only to be found in a divine code of
 morals, the fruit of a perfect religion;
 faith is the key to the civilization of
 nations. I belong to the
 party who do not despise their inferiors
 in the social scale, whilst they respect
 those above them; whose wish, be it a
 dream or not, is to raise all men, with
 out regard to the place they hold in the
 arbitrary hierarchies of politics, to the
 same degree of knowledge, of liberty,
 and of moral perfection.”
LIFE AND OPINIONS OF JULIUS
 MELBOURN.
 BY A LATE MEMBER OF CONGRESS.
 This book was on our table many
 weeks since, and would have been no
 ticed long ago, had it not been mislaid.
 It is a work of fiction, but purports
 !to be the life of a Quadroon slave,
 born on the plantation of a Major John
 son, some ten miles from the city of
 Raleigh, North Carolina, and by good
 or ill fortune, educated, enriched, and
 freed.
 When five years old, the hero of the
 story is bought by Mrs. Melbourn, of
 Raleigh, the widow of a Lieutenant in
 the English Navy, who was killed in
 the engagement between Admiral
 Graves and Count de Grasse—is sent
 to a private school at the age of ten,
 and obliged to leave on account of
 color; falls in love, at seventeen, with
 the young slave of a Colonel Boyd,
 who promises to free her; is married
 in 1811, when twenty-one, Mrs. Mel
 bourn having died, leaving him his
 freedom and some twenty-thousand
 dollars.
 Maria, his wife, is sold for the New
 Orleans market, and Melbourn, while
 in pursuit, is apprehended at Natchez,
 and lodged in jail, as a vagrant slave.
 Getting his free papers from Raleigh,
 he is at last set at liberty—gets on the
 j track of the slave-dealers, at New Or
 leans, and finds that Maria has been
 sold about filly miles up the river, and
 after a few weeks melancholy, has
 drowned herself in despair,
 j Melbourn does not marry again. In
 I 1835, his son, whom he had liberally
 j educated, goes with him to visit the
 spot of Maria’s death, preparatory to
 their leaving to reside in England,
 The Lund of Freedom. Entering a
 Methodist chapel, Melbourn se?s a
 lady, in the Quaker dress, who is so
 much like his dead wife, that he fastens
 his gaze on her, and is overwhelmed
 with conflicting emotions. Mighty
 God,” he exclaims, rushing to embrace
 her, “t’f is, it is my Maria!” That
 lady is his long lost wife, who, instead
 of drowning herself, as her master
 thought, had escaped, and here, some
 twenty miles oft', had been kindly
 received into a Quaker family, as a
 nun, from Cuba her dark complexion,
 her beauty and accomplishments, and
 the fact that Mrs. Benson, her ben
 efactor, had lost a sister -in the West
 Indies, completely furthering the
 benevolent deception.
 The re-united and now happy family
 sail from New-York for England, in
 October, 1835. The son goes into
 business in London, and the parents
 are residing in Warwick, when the
 story closes.
 The book contains 239 pages, only
 fifty-nine of which are devoted to the
 Life, the rest being reminiscenees and
 sketches of Thomas Jefferson, John-
 Kandolph, John Quincy Adams,
 William Wirt, etc., together with
 rambling political disquisitions.
 The Late Member of Congress
 whoever he may be,(we imagine that
 we could point out his residence not a
 hundred miles from Pompey Hill) has
 written quite an interesting book, not
 withstanding he is so palpably ignorant
 of artistic story-telling, lie is ev
 idently a man of warm sympathies, in
 telligence, refinement and wide famil
 iarity with our national politics, up to
 the present day, but has not cultivated
 the tact of special pleading, so abso
 lutely necessary to the story-writer who
 would excel.— Boston Courier.
THE CONSCIENTIOUS SLATE.
 Some time ago, I accidentally met at
 the house of a farmer, in a remote coun
 try town, a fugitive following the North
 Star. He told me his story with great
 simplicity, and a heavy heart. His
 wife belonged to a lady who treated her
 with great indulgence, and to whom she
 was strongly attached. He was less
 fortunate. He belonged to a tavein
 keeper, who lived five miles from his
 wile’s residence; an arbitrary, capri
 cious and brutal man. The only time
 he was allowed to visit his wife was on
 Sunday night, after all the work of the
 house and barn was completed. He
 would seldom leave before 9 o’clock,
 and oftentimes it was ten or eleven be
 fore he could get permission to start.
 He was required to return by daylight,
 on pain of a severe flogging. Some
 times wearied with his long walk, after
 a week of excessive toil, he would oven*
 sleep himself, and not arrire at the ap
 pointed time. On sue t occasions, his
 master would tie him up by his thumbs,
 to a beam in the barn, and beat him
 most cruelly. The white boys belong
 ing to the family, of course, learned the
 trick of violence; they would curse and
 swear at him without provocation, and
 often, for some fancied disrespect,
 would hnri pitchforks or hummers at
 him. The poor fellow carried away
 proofs of this part of his story; for he
 was covered w.th scars.
 At last, life grew such an intolerable
 burden, that be told his wife, oa one of
 bis visits to her, that if ever one of
I those dreadful floggings occttnedacftio,
 bo had determinedito run away. With
 i aaojr teen, ahe begged bin not to in
 i dulge such on idem; for it would kill
 l her to be aeporated from him. He told
 her that he wwpld bear almost anything,
 rather than leave; for he had rather
 die than go away from her. “But/'
 said he, if he and his boys go on at
 i the rate they have done, lately, 1 cao
 not stand it.’* He then began to build
 castles in the air, about the possibility
 i of her following bine to the free States,
 and of their finding some little cabin,
 where they could live unmolested by
 enemies. She sobbed and wept, be
 seeching him not to talk about it; for
 what would her poor mistress do with
 out her? and she had always been such
 a good mistress! It would break her
 heart to think of leaving her alone; and
 then they would sorely get caught, and
 that would he so dreadful.
 “Ah,” said William to me, “If I had
 only had such a master aa she is a mis
 tress, I never would have come away
 from my poor wife. She was as good a
 wife, as a man ever had. She Enit all
 my stockings, and made all my clothes.
 This suit I bare on is of her weaving,
 every thread of it.”
 1 asked him if they had children.—
 He answered, with a good deal of fer
 vor, No, I thank God, there is none
 to blame me, that I brought them into
 the world to be slaves. VVe had one
 baby; and we loved it; but when it
 died we praised God.”
 After this conversation about running
 away, his wife enjoyed hn visits but lit
 tle. She would wake up a dozen times
 in the night, for fear he would oversleep
 himself, and get a whipping. At last
 the event so much dreaded occurred.
 He did oversleep himself, and was se
 verely punished. His wife, with many
 tears, wanted to know whether his re
 solution had changed; and for her sake
 he resolved to bear on. But soon after
 cruel treatment for some slight cause
 drove him to desperation, and he se
 cretly made arrangement for departure.
 He saw his wife once after his final reso
 lution was taken; but, by a powerful
 effort of self-control, was silent concern
 ing his grievances and his plans. She
 little dreamed that she was seeing him
 for the last time.
 “Oh, dear,” said he, “howl did
 want to tell her! How my heart did
 swell! I thought it would burst!”
 I would have told her all my plans,
 if I had been you,” said I; ‘-perhaps
 she would have agreed to follow you.”
 Oh, no, she would not,”he replied;
 “if she could have brought herself to
 leave her mistress, she would never get
 the courage. She was never ten miles
 from home in her life, aud w as afraid of
 everything. If I had bid her farewell,
 she would have cried, till she made me
 tell her all my plans. They would i
 have gone to her, the first thing, when
 they missed me, and she w&lt;?uld either
 have been obliged to let out all my se
 crets, or else to tell a lie; she would
 not betray me, I know; and I could not
 hear to have her tell a lie for me!”
 On the night of his departure, poor
 William had a dreadful struggle with
 himself. Twice he turned back towards
 his wife’s abode, and twice, with blind
 ing tears, he retraced his steps. At
 last, with forced bravery, he hurried
 on, swallowing his grief.
 He had wit enough to travel further
 south, close hidden in woods and
 swamp 3, during the daytime; for he!
 w-cll knew they would naturally seek
 for him toward the North.
 It was enough to make any human 1
 heart ache to hear him mourn for his
 wife. I could not have been driven
 away,” said he, except by very had
 treatment; and now 1 sometimes wish
 I had borne it all, and worse, rather
 than have left Nancy. She was very
 good to me—always good. We both
 belonged to the Methodist church, and
 we took a deal of comfort praying to
 gether. She is praying for me now-, I
 know. But how can I manage ever to
 see her again? If my master was not
 quite so bad, I would go hack; but that
 would be dreadful. We used to hope
 that he would sell me. He was offer
 ed a thousand dollars for me once, but 1
 he wouldn’t take it.”
 I saw William in one of the interior
 towns of New York, and I afterward i
 heard of his arrival in Canada.
 L. M. c. 1
INFLUENCE OF NATURE.
 All men need sometimes to be alone
 and to be quiet. It is good for one to
 oj»en his eyes and heart to the in
 fluences of the natural world. In the
 solitudes of nature, man’s voice is
 silent only that Divine voices may be
 heard. There, it it is sometimes diffi-;
 cult to do good actions, it is also diffi—
 cult not to think good thoughts. What
 we think of is determined very much
 by what obtrudes itself on the senses.
 On the wharf, or the exchange, with
 the sights and sounds of business on
 every side, one’s thoughts turn natur
 ally into the channels in which flow the
 thoughts of all around him. In the
 country what one sees and hears sug
 gests entirely different meditations’
 The universal harmony stills his fretted j
 passions. All the objects which the j
 eye rests on speak of infinite wisdom
 and providential care. The at mo- 1
 sphere which he breathes is as healthy
 for the soul as it is for the body. He
 goes out *at eventide to meditate* and
 heaven and earth transfigured as their l
 true glories are revealed, he returns
 feeling that he has been standing in
 the temple of the Most High.
 Chlosoform is recommended as ex
 cellent for scolding wives. A husband
 who has tried it says, “no family
 should be without it. 1
 Tims. —Time, is the preacher.—
 Change is the tooe he harps on as he
 hurries along. Change! he shouts as
 he lays his band on the mountain peak
 and powders it to dust. Change? he
 thunders as be twists the hale oak up
 by the roots. Change! as be scatters
 the thistle-down to the wild. Change
 he whispers as he turns the beaver of
 the young man and points with n grin
 to the tottering step of the aged.— j
 Change! as he brushes the Vermillion
 from the cheek ofbesuty—and Change!
 he grumbles forth as be lays his band
 on the shoulder of bio* of broad chest
 and iron nerve, and points to the grave!
 Change! is his last word to his emissn*
 rice when he yds them forth on their
 rounds to overturn and destroy.
oats without nights and
 nights without days.
 Dr. Baird, io bis lector* at the
 Conferee* Room, gave some interest
 ing fncu. There is nothing that strikes
 a stranger more forcibly if be visits
 Svebe at fbe season of the year when
 the days are longest, than the absence
 of night. Dr. B. bsd no conception of
 it before bis arrival. He arrived at
 Stockholm from Gottenburgh, 400
 miles distant, in the morning, and in
 the afternoon went to see some friends
 —had not taken notes of time—and
 returned about mid-night; it was as
 light as it is here half an hour before
 sun-down. You could see distinctly;
 but all was quiet in the streets: it
 seemed as if the inhabitants had gone
 away or were dead. No signs of life
 —Mores closed. The suit in June
 goes down at Stockholm a little before
 10 o ’clock. There is a great illumi
 nation all night as the sun passes round
 the earth towards the north pole, and
 the refraction of its rays is such that
 you can sec to read at midnight. Dr.
 B. read a letter in the forest near
 Stockholm, at midnight, without arti
 ficial light. There is a mountain at
 the head Of the Gulf of Bothnia, where
 on the 21st of June, the sun docs not
 go down at ail.—Travelers go up there
 to see it. A steamboat goes from
 Stockholm for the purpose of carrying
 those who arc curious to witness the
 phenomenon. It only occurs one night.
 The sun goes down to the horizon, you
 can see the whole face of it, and in five
 minutes it begins to rise.
 At the North Cape, lat. 72 deg, the
 sun does not go down for several
 weeks. In June it would.be about 25
 degrees above the horizon at midnight.
 The way the people there know it is
 midnight, they see the sun rise.—The
 changes in those high latitudes from
 summer to winter, are so gacat, that
 we can have no conception of them at
 all. In the winter time the sun disap
 pears and is not seen for six weeks.
 Then it comes and shows its face.
 Afterwards, it remains for 10 or 15
 i minutes, and then descends and finally
 it does not set at all, but makes almost
 1 a circle around the heavens. D. Baird
 was asked how they managed in regard
 to hired persons—what they considered
 a day? He could not say, hut supposed
 they worked by the hour, and 12 hours
 would be considered a day’s work.
 Birds and animals take their‘accus
 tomed rest at their usual hours. The
 doctor did not know how they learn the
 time, but they had, and go to rest
 whether the sun goes down or not.
 The hens take to the trees about 7 o’-
 clock, P. M, and stay there till the sun
 is w'ell up in the morning and the peo
 ple get into the habit of late rising,
 too. The first morning Di\ B. awoke
 in Stockholm, he was surprised to see
 the sun shining into his room. He
 looked at his watch, and found it was
 only 3 o’ clock, but there were no
 persons in the streets. The people are
 not in the habit of rising so soon. The
 Swedes in the cities are not very in
 dustrious, owing probably to the
 climate. —Hartford Times.
 “The Last Time.”— ln only one
 situation can a man he placed where the
 awful doubt is converted to a tremen
 dous certainty—not the sick patient on
 the bed of death, w hose pulse beats
 faintly, and whose subsiding pain seems
 i to announce the coming of release.—
 He may linger for hours; he may rc-
 I cover—the ray of hope beams, and
 those who love him share its brightness.
 His hours arc not numbered. The
 sinking mariner clings to the last fi qg
 ment of his ill-fated ship, and holds on
 while nature gives him strength; and as
 he mounts the toppling wave, strains
 his anxious eyes in search of assist
 ance. A vessel may heave in sight;
 f lie may be drifted to some kindly shore;
 his fate is not decided.
 1 The unhappy wretch who alone lives
 I his last day hopeless and in unmitiga
 ted misery, is the sentenced convict on
 the eve of execution; he sees and heats!
 all that is passing round him with the I
 terrible consciousness that it is for the
 last time.”
 He beholds the sun gleaming through
 the bars of his cell, iu ail his parting
 brightness, and knows he sees his gold
 en rays for the last time;” he hears
 the prison clock record the fleeting min
 utes—how vastly fleeting to him!—
 throughout the night each hour sounds
 i to him for the “last time.” Seven
 strikes upon the bell—at eight he dies! j
 His wife, his children, his beloved
 parents, come to him: he stands amidst j
 his family in the full possession of his
 bodily health and mental faculties. He
 clasps them to his heart—they go; the j
 door of his cell closes and shuts them
 from his sight; he has seen them for j
 the last time.* 4
 He is summoned to the scaffold—the
 engine of death stands ready he feels
 the pure air of heaven blow upon his
 j face—the summer sun shines brightly;
 for the “fast time.” I le sees the green
 field and the trees, and ten thousand
 objects familiar to us all. The cap is
 drawn over his tear-fraught eyes!—the
 1 objects vanish, never, never to be seen
 again by him! He hears for the “last 1
 1 time” the sacred word of God from hu
 man lips: in another moment the
 death-struggle is on him, and he 1
 breathes for the last time!”
 To biin alone then is the exit from
 this world of cares regular and certain:
 in every other case, it is a mystery when
 the last time” shall come.
 ERECTION OP A BARRICADE.
 All down the streets groups of men
 were thundering at the doors, and 4c-
 mandiug arms and powder. The doors
 were opened ajar by the scared in
 habitants, who handed out some a gun,
 some a brace of pistols, bayonet*,dirk*. 1
 Ac. One man threw a sheathed sword
 from an upper window; it fell clashing
 on the pavement—and was scrambled i
 for with fierce merriment by the mob i
 and 1 heard the quick strokes of several
 heavy crow-bars ringing on the stones,
 and in a few minutes a barricade began
 to grow, as if by magic, out of the
 groand. It was piled up with stones,
 tubs, trucks, cart wheels, scaffolding
 boards—everything that came to hand
 —under the direction of a man with a
 red cap on his head and a torch in his
 hand, who directed the proceedings 1
 with perfect m«£/retd, and whoa the
 others seemed to regard with deference
,ms architect/ Py this time the work
 had grown breast Ugh; the stones had
 to he fetched from some fifteen or twen
 ty feet off, and then the leader ranged
 his men in lines, who passed the stones
 from hand to hand as buckets are pass
 ed at a fire. All this took place within
 a stone’s throw of a detachment of w
 fanlry, who looked on in silence, and
 offered no opposition. Here, as els&lt;*
 where, the gamins performed prodigies
 .of activity, dragging great stones and
 'tubs twice their own weight, and
 swarming over each other in their stum
 bling haste. It wns a strange sight to
 see these midnight workmen running to
 .and fro between the torchlight and the
 ■darkness, and their uncouth building
 lifting its rough battlements higher and
 higher—hiding first the legs ot the men,
 then their chests, and finally their
 heads. When it was finished, the
 leader stuck a red flag on the top, ai d
 then stood contemplating the immense
 heap with a grim smile. I went up to
 hiiu and remarked that it was pretty
 I strong. “Ah!” he returned, with a
 sort of artistic pride; voila la bnrri
 j cade la plus chouettc dans tout Paris—
 h t them coinc now, the infernal hounds.
 When they will!” All through Wednes
 day night similar scenes were taking
 place in several bundled points of the
 town.
 FAR IS AS IT IS.
 From a long letter of Douglass Jer
 rold’s from Paris to the Weekly News
 paper, we extract the following:
 But let us go on to Paris.
 As I have already said, the city \0
 perfectly calm; awaiting the elections.
 In the meanwhile the Provisional Gov
 ernment work almost day and night,—
 No doubt they have committed their
 mistakes; but how few, in comparison
 with the difficulties that beset them.—
 W hen we consider the load upon their
 shoulders, let us wonder that they have
 stood so unshrinkingly beneath it. Hut
 there are folks, who, considering Atlas
 himself, would wonder why he bent
 quite so much—taking it lor nothing
 that it was only the world upon his
 baek.
 A little more generous sympathy—a
 little less readiness to be severe, or
 scornful, or even humorous toward the
 gentlemen w hose noble and no less dif
 ficult task it is, to keep in harmony the
 social elements of a mighty kingdom,
 can be no hard or useless sact ilice ow
 the part of Englishmen. For let us
 for only a moment, consider what
 France has accomplished by this, her
 last—may it be her lust!—Revolution.
 Has she n .t awakened all Europe?
 From State to State, the torch of liee
 dom—like the torch in the olden dunce
 —ha3 passed on; the torch ‘lighted at
 the blazing throne, consumed at the
 Pastile. A few days ago, and the Em
 perorof Austria—imperial hydrocepha
 lus!—talked about using against his
 I discontented subjects “the powers that
 Providence had placed in his hands.”
 Such powers of Providence—in the
 dictionary of Kings—mean bayonets
 ami attillcry. 'I he Divine right of roy
 alty is always manufactured in the rmul
 arsenal. Y\ cil, where is the Emperor
 now.' Why abject before his lisen
 people! Europe, drugged by despo
 tism, uas tailing into torpor, whi n the.
 tocsin ot Notre Dame, uwukeued her
 to strength and liberty. Where is
 Austria, where is Prussia, Saxony,
 Bavaria Why, there is nut a guunu
 ot Paris wh may not 111 b his hands,
 and kick his heels, rejoicing at the tusk
 that even he—small political school
 master*—lias taught the imperial and
 kingly dunces.
 W hatever be the issue of the French
 Republic, mankind must he its ever
 lasting debtor. It has gloriously
 worked out tLe liberation ol thought.
 Ihe free intellect ot man is no longer
 snipped and killed by the censor’s scis
 sors: there is not a press throughout
 Europe, whose untruriiineled working
 is not an added voice to the choral burst
 of Freedom.
 And for us, what have Englishmen tt&gt;
 fear from the consolidation of the French
 Republic W e have other means to
 work out such reforms as the spiiit of
 our times demands, and will have. Our
 eineutes are public meetings, and our
 barricades in the House of. Commons.
 DOUGLASS JEIiROLD.
 Paris, March
 Companions fou Men.—Though wo
 men were intended, in order of nature,
 to be equally useful w ith the other sex,
 they were never made merely for men's
 use. 1 hey are his ordained compan
 ions, superior to him in grace and beau
 ty, his equal in every moral and social
 quality, and his inferior only in physi
 cal strength and stature. Some men,
 even in this scrui-enlightcncd and half
 Christian country, mistake the idea of
 help-meet for simple help, and consider
 wives as a sort ol convenient property,
 which can be made to contribute won
 derfully to their profit and comfort,
 without entertaining the first thought oC
 reciprocal advantages. They would
 have a wife not only eminently domes
 tic, hut a domesticated animal, whoso
 whole world should be between Iho
 kitchen and the garret, w hose only ccm
 pnnions should he the children and the
 cat, and whose whole round of dutiea
 and enjoyments should consist in ad
 ministering to the ease and pleasure,
 and yielding uncomplainingly to the
 whi ms of her lord and owner.
 I he more woman is enlightened, edu
 cated and elevated, the better fitted will
 she he to discharge all her duties, do
 mestic or social. The time will come,,
 when her claims to equal, social, civil
 and even political privileges will be ac
 knowledged; when she will be deemed
 competent in law to hold property, vote,
 or fill the jury box. The part now a&lt; I
 ed by the females of this laud in the
 relbnns of the day, in many of which
 they are taking the lead,• clearly indi
 cates a coming day when they will re
 form the whole male sex, by asserting
 and maintaining their own equality.
 Such a triumph will tendtocicvate uni
 versal humanity, therefore all parties,
 the conquerors and conquered, will
 have equal occasion to rejoice.
 A Hrtrr to PtEAtuens.«-Mr. Wes
 ley, in a fetter to one of the preachers
 in connection with him, says: Scream
 no more at the peril of your soul.
 earnestly as you can, hut do not
 scream. Speak with all your heart,
 but with a moderate voice,”
"
