"TO CORRESPONDENTS.
J. C. VY. W t l« p*mtl
 t; receive Inr un mtnk-Usw.
 M- R. D. Hi* bu t* mi U*t fin* Bu'Talo hare
 \,*c\ receive I ail crelhaJ. May hia it
 h 1)’ »*v tlia i
 J, 1,., of L.iv*ee tse, Maaaacbuaeca. Hi* flait.t
 ii» (ui*rj lw» b_*en retire 1. We Uwt th* fuv-Ji
 eaxve will give I*o leaa cum.- for nurfa &lt;1 in.
 J. \V. ail J. 8. J. T.w letter of t:*®*-- devoted
 fiK’.nU w** reet-ivcd, **l tbe .North Star Dr
 war lei to Alhaiy, u rojnealci. Tl*eu alweice
 f.-o.n tile IttCkMUr IWzaar ail a mud me li 1 j J
 in 1. a rescued. They will act a* Ag it'-
 11. VV. It, N. Newbury, UU«*».. li»t
 aaba'i'tberi are g.wtclauy -*:k
 E. L. I*., of tftatti, \V* V v.k. c V-** l r rir
 as tt- qoeiuc 1.
 S. It. of 8 »ien. Oiiio. Fa*-* of Dassejib-r 1
 receive 1. Suali be unable to Umu b»« UMS,r l
 ctlkii for.
 M. A. T., of Fallstown, Ta. Happy 10 ckno
 led** hia comnioiicaUon. The .Star haa be.-,
 nuik- 1 to ortiei.
 J. M. M-K., Philadelphia. Hit
 been receive!, aaJ wilwcr.ljcra aupp’.m L
 J. W. W., Utica, Ohm- Hu requeat baa been
 complied witli. Moya good liat of aabeaibera be
 toe io*ult.
 l&gt;. K-, Le Roy, New York. The matter shall be
 adjusted.
 i). J., Columbus, Ohio. Wa hope to find room;
 for hi* com nuiiic^tion.
TIIE MEXICAN WAR.
 Tin Now Orlexn* Commercial B .lloUa
 rauos lha following estnuitj ol' liio cost ol
 tbu war thus far
 Tna increase of the public debt,
 to the statement of
 tue F resident, his beau $‘27,870,839
 T.u surplus in tin treasury at tin
 co.a ujnee.n Ml of Hostilities, was 12,000,001
 Taj a.iliuoaal surplus that would
 have accumulated up to this
 •tun, uuJjr a pjacj cslabi.sh
 tm.it aad expenditure 12,000,000;
 •Tin further extra surplus that
 would have also accumulated,
 coder the operation oi me tariif
 of 1810, agreeably to the ihe
 sidj.it stais.nu.it, of more than 8,000,000
 Tac Bounty Lends to the Volun
 te :rs 8,000,000
 Tin arrearages for pay due the
 army and volunteers, and lor
 supplies,contracts and damages,
 Ate. 12,000,000
 The sum required to replenish our
 ameualc 4,000,000
 Th« .Pension List, estimated on
 the average duration of twenty
 years of life, to the wounded
 and families of the dead, two
 millions per annum 40,000,000
 Making a grand total of $123,370,001)
From the L radon Weekly Dispatch.
 Th® miserable and devastating war between
 'the Unit A .States a.ai Mexico still continues.
 Tne war is growing at every j 01.1 t more san
 guinary, as well as more d ttuitory, and the
 individual passions of men are Deco ning im ie
 sternly and desperately exasperated ag.inst
 each other, converting the w.iole territory.
 into a scene of outrage aid id »od--.!ieJ. We!
 iixve i.i tn.s war in ic:i Buch a spuct.icic as tire!
 lootiier country, JspiiH, eximit:d d .ring the!
 invasion of .\apnl»;»H,— a country occupied by
 the enen* in its cipitil and 1.1 rr.osi id its
 impart tut points, but with tits authority of
 tue occupying power obeyed or respected only
 w iere a.i armed force is I.resent to uphold it.]
 We hive a n dive population, quite incapable!
 of contending in the held with the drilled
 armies of tneir invaders, drive i from their
 ha.n ;s in mane instances, a id with a fugitive!
 government, almost unable to find a resting
 plice yet a n mg these people no idea is so
 h it *.ful as that of peace, and no s •ntiment is
 so strong as that of vengeance on the aggres
 so’-s. rbaiila A i i.a, tho.igh he li is never been j
 ail; to cop j with his opponents in pitch-d
 battles, lias great and acknowledg'd skill in
 erecting this guerilla spirit, lie consults to
 neguciate, but only to put h;s adversaries;
 directly io the wm ig. and to |)ii!ilisli 10 l’.u
 ropi, aid esp‘cmhy to hia own countrymen,
 the aim ssto i in pin 1 words, or hy as pi iin a
 silcacj, that Ins country has been attacked,
 aad its ciiii.uis slaughtered, without any
 colorable pie 1. In his correspondence with
 Mr. Trist, the American Envoy, he ins sts
 tint tits tr eaty shall com&gt;n°nc j hy a declara
 tion of the causes of the war, or that it shall
 Is distinctly declared thit the Anglo-Ameri
 cans decline to state them. The aggressors
 can fm 1 no reply, and stan 1 s'df-convicted in
 tin ficj of th® world of the most unprovoked
 and barbarous attack. The Anglo-Ameri
 cans are wd i.ig now to pay for the cessiohs
 they d~maid. aad to take upon themselves
 the seal -me.it of the very claims which they
 pretended to make the cause of quarrel—the
 d *bls due from M xico to th *ir citizens. All
 this, as Santa Anna forces them to prove,
 might have been «used, without spilling a
 d r op of blood. In the midst of the horrors
 of th s war, uttcrlv d sgraceful to the civi
 lized world, more disgraceful to the republic
 which proposes itself as the pioneer of man
 kind. more scandalous sti-I from the hypo
 critically insignificant cause of dispute, the
 organs of public opinion in the United States;
 call for an increas l of the evils of the war.
 They ask, with refm“d barbarity, the entire]
 destruction of ail the Mexican cities. We]
 know th ;crim"s&gt; and 1 he su!f‘ring winch such
 advice mobiles. There is no ab&gt; mint on!
 which min cm indict or endure, which is not
 in the catalogue. And, composed as the
 American army mainly is, of the most rul
 fianlv of th ir own people, an! *d bv the
 buccaneers, the vomitings of all lands, we
 may 1 mag ms h iv such .a work would be exe
 cuted. A series of murders, rapes, robberies,
 and arsons, revenged by those against whom
 they are committed, is the war which the
 enlightened republic is recommend ‘d to wage,
 and winch is very liVdy to result from the
 quarrel into which Mr. Polk has led his
 &lt;ellow-citiz?ns. So mean an instrument never
 yet accomplished such liemmid evil. As
 ■for our American brelbr -n, tin hi'dren of
 «ur rare, we ask, how. long will tliev con
 tinue to disgrace us and tlieiuselvi'n. and the
 institutions which the best men m both lands
 lookvd ty as the beacon of their bop .s' How
 long will they keep down the Anglo-Saxon
 race, and a rcpuMicmn eonstittit on in one
 common and overwhelming infamy l Or.
 father, how long will the good, the lovers of
 tne lib Tty, the prophets of men s rights,
 kullvr themselves to be ruled and Tcpr-'s mled
 by the \ile&gt;t ambition that ever vet showed
 its reckh-sstn'dß of human suifermgs, and its
 coutempt for human progress’
From th* «i« Telegraph.
 CllAlltKfi VAN LOON.
 At able an! &gt;nvi 1m V»m strick
 en dowai n our midst. Tin R *v. f'uArxas
 Va* Loos, rj.sjxjct d fur hia talents, and his
 futhfulae*s as a rhrisliai min st r, has di.d
 in thiinorUng oflil'*, biing only in his 2!»th
 y»ir, and in a career of i s •fulness. To the
 First Biplist Church of which he was the de
 vote I castor, his loss will h- great, to ht* wife
 and fa nilV irreparable and to the community
 in winch he lived, and wh -re h was always
 ready to raise his voice for ev rv benevolent or
 philanthropic ra«vem*nt. it will he generally
 mourned, as very difficult to he supplied.
 Since his r»*aid mce here, which has been
 upwards of four years, bis health his been
 f« ;ble, though he ha* been able most of the
 Um»* to preach and discharge hia other pastoral
 duties. During the last summer he left home
 an a tour for health, and travailed into Penn
1 irVnr.ia. A irginia, Kw.iucktr, 0.,io t wd the
 wes.ero ol this State.
 .Si.tce n.s rdur ms *ldt has bjenUtter,
 a.d he hi- labored x;3'ous|jr in the cat se
 w.ich h s htj w dcvutfci. Oa M.bba b
 mo meg U*&gt;- be pr-i 1, it was ihcuckt by
 uco 0,1. w .tti '-n more than tsua
 r n rn an! terror: 'J ia tejly to s*ni tn
 oui afterwir a- t‘&lt; i.ts h .au, hj replied
 He »-vor J j 1 fe'.uti *n his lit**.
 He give owl ht» sub; mt for the eventtp,
 an l stujl lus teil would ba“ IV, aL &lt;0 ftci
 at tk c b.oj. Just b.lure ».r ice, whide l.e
 wtA et.g.tgod at h:s liov»j i;» giving to a mem-
 I her of the chmr the number of the byinr.s to
 i be sung, he was suddenly sdzji w'th an ajr
 p’ecue attack. M-Ui-Jal aid w jl, tmn ediat-ly
 ca &gt;ei, l.e was bl id, and co. sctouai.ess par.id
 ly restored, but h: was beyo..d hue.a:&gt; as.-is’-
 a icv, and di sd aijout one o click that ni, hi.
 Titus has fallen a rip scimiar, a .saind rc
 sun?), and an able and imprjyuve speaker
 True it is, that w !tc:i expected, death
 ai.ns his arrow at a shining mark.
 It may b? o that bis text in the morn
 ing foreshadowed hts d»-parture. It wxs from
 llu sixteenth chapter ol John, and at the last
 clams *of the 32*1 vbtj, w here Chrut speaks
 !of h ung svparatjd fnnn his disciples. The
 words are I am not alone, Isjcauaethc Fatlier
 is with me.” And he alluded in conclusion,
 to tin consoling fact, that the Chrialtan was
 not alone in his dvtng hour.
 The remains ol the were attended
 I to the steamboat landing on Monday evening,
 bv the Sons of Temperance, of Division No. 9,
 j of which lie w is a member, and by the Recha
 hitjs, to be conveyed to Albat:y, where his,
 parents reside, and where he had buried since
 hie residencj heft two children. In the eve-j
 riing there were funeral services in the church
 of which he hnd been pastor. The buihlirg 1
 was crowded to oversowing, by the hundreds
 of o ;r citi’.e :s whom he had often addr 'ssjd,
 an 1 by whom h j was esteemed and beloved.
 Tin following is a;t extract from a sermon
 preach*! in Poughkeepsie, on Monday eve
 ning, Nov. 22d, by the Rev. Mr. Ludlow
 “I never knew a mai men; principled in his 1
 every action, than Charles Van lyio.n. Noth-
 mg could intimidate or bribe Inn to turn aside j
 a moment from what ha believed to ba the
 path of God's requirements, or descend from
 tha eminence of acknowde Iged rectitude to a;
 man action. There was a magnanimity about
 our brother, wins? character was truly etivia
 ble. It was on this account ha threw himself!
 into all the moral reforms of the day. In Ii m,
 the down-trodden and the dumb of every com-1
 plcxioi found a friend and advocate, and his
 voice was lifiel up in every assaociat on which
 contemplate the ultimate overthrow of intern- j
 peraace, licentiousness and s’aver v. It was
 nothing to Charles Van Lorn, that the ri'h:
 and polished turned the cold shoulder to th-'S' j
 celestial enterprises. It was enough for him
 that they were crowned and blessed of God, j
 and contemplated the red-empti &gt;n of suT ri-’g j
 mm from oppression and from crime. When
 Charles Van Loon was converted, he was con- I
 secrated to men as well as to God. to humani- 1
 tv ns well as religion. As a mi-ister of Christ,
 h was eminently powerf 1. Few men could
 command the auction of an a**d cnce, and
 hold the people in breathless silence, more j
 than he. When he gave utt•gir.ceto hisdeen
 convi'itbrs. ia |;is d *ep and solemn ton -*3, he
 made t!io coog-egition fie’ that the claims rf
 hrist and of his O' S’.Kd to tlmir a &lt;l
 their co- fdence were lfg understood
 not o ly the svs! -m, bn* the "hilosoobv ofthe
 th o'ogv he taught. T T is wai »ot ody the
 full assure, ee of fmh. but the full assiirar.es
 ofthe understanding.”
TORREY’S MOVEMENT.
 A monument has iust erected, bv
 m-’ans of voluntary contributions, over the
 g-ave of Torrey, in M tunt Auburn. It oceu
 p es a conspicuous posiiion, and is thus des
 cribed by the Emancipator:
 The form is tlwc'-S'dcd, with such finish
 ings ns give it gr«at beauty of apneara* ce. ns
 it stands, surrounded bv three avenues. It is of
 f-ne Italian marble, handsomely cloud'd, rest
 ing on a granite base, which is itself rGynted
 on a mound, ma’ ino- th" ent're he ght
 upwa’-ds of 1 'ii feet, of which the marble
 m "'s eight feet an&lt;l upwards.
 Th'f ont or priori d:il side has a beautiful
 m 'd if -on head of cast in hrontfc, in
 serted in the. marbl e with p 1 &gt;astng qfT-ct.
 PKVEaRvo Cp\ri,rs T. Tonycy. bo-n m
 Nov. 21. 1813: orndpatH nt Yah*
 College, \u"., 1q33l q 33 ord ’-v'd at Pro* id
 Mar.-h. 1837: a r -cst«d at Pabimor'. June 21.
 18-14; died in the Penitentiary of that city,
 Mav Q. 18-IG.
 The friends of the American slave cr-*ct
 tlvs stone to his memory, as a martyr for
 liberty.
 Over th® head is the following sublim* sen
 timent written hvTorrev. in prison, but thr®e
 months befitm Ids death, when b® was already
 sinking under di«®ns". and wh®n lie w®s np
 pr'!i&lt;*ns*vr&gt; that bis fri *n Is might urge him to
 pure has® Irs rel'ase. hv some acknowdcdgre
 m'nts or r&gt;l®dges unworthy of his principles
 and clinractcr:
 It is b®tt *r to die in prison with th® n®ace
 of God in opr hr&lt;»as»s. than to liv® in fr.e®dom,
 w th a poMuted conscience.”— Torrey’sktUr,
 FI. 7. 18.10.
 On th® s®®on 1 side is a well conc-eiv®d
 statue of kn®'hag s’ave. "ast in h'®*!/®. with
 th'sn glorious lines of Whittier, Freedom's
 Poet.
 M '’"rc NOW henra'h 8?« hurthca,
 T l» t (iti 'e skivp iiriv"**,
 i~! p now a tvra'»t*s m riirry
 T•* nCorp.i nr&gt; f«i ircav-®;
 TiIF.RF, -l::dl hi&lt;; pr.lB" lie rp"-k®n,
 He c-’n* fitiin T'.ds^krio-’
 When the f ilers s'jn 11 Vc Fr k*-*,
 An t'.ic slave sliall Lie a MAN.”
o.i tli" 1 third s’d is a brief and S'mrde
 stnlemant of the circumstances of his death.
 th° facts alon*. without comment or enhance
 ment
 f'irAT&gt;L r s Turner Tortifiy was for
 aiding slaves to regain tb*ir liberty. For this
 act h was indietr 1 as a criminal, and con
 victed l&gt;v ilia Baltimorr* pity court, and s-a
 terirvl to th rt n°niteruiiry for «iv years. While
 on h s death-bed lie was refund a pardon by
 tlm Governor of Maryland, and died of con
 sumption, aft*r two years confinement, a vic
 tim of his sulDrings.
 NOTICES OF Till) NORTH STAR.
 _
 Tlic following sel ctions f r om numerous
 panrrs w II show in what spirit the North
 Star is hailed by the pr A few of the
 bas*r sort, such as the New York Express,
 we understand, have made oar appearance
 the oecnsu n of pouring cut a little of tlmir
 pro-slavery hate. Ilut this we can afford to
 bear, when we consider the respectful bearing*'
 toward ns of the more respectable journals
 of our land.
 i
 i The first numb*' of this new Anti-Slavery
 pip’r. und-r th* editor; it control of Fred -rick
 iir’-iss. has appear d. It. w .p printed,
 an! give* pro ms •of ability. n K ntj ir tlt t
 is ultra a d tion bitter in its dMiuiicifftioMS of
 slavery, and making but little allowance for
 oth *r people s opinio-.* and prejudices. \y e
 se* much in tb o cning numb- r tint w fin
 not agre'wth in smuni'mt; but the paper,
 as well as its propn -tors, have o ur best wishes
 for its success. —RtyA l)&lt;u'y Democrat.
We have received the firs* number of
 Frederick Douglass’ new pap r, bearing ths
 above tit!*. It to aMonecescorv to &lt;nv that it
 boars marks of miidiuftHhu: for the public is
 well aware of the talents of it* editor.
 The fact tint so creditable a journal hi pub
 lished and conducted by a colored man, is tt&gt;
 us full of interest. It is very likely we shall
 differ widely in opinion from the North Star,
 yet we rejoice in the augury its publication
adorda, of the e’erxtkm which sooner or bter
 must c.itne to an oppreobed ace. —hocAatcr
 Lkuiy Am rii.cn.
The new Ami-&amp;Utxery [a{ cr called tic
 North Star ha* ji tt made i*&gt; a. f earrncc. ii
 is a beaittlui *i. t, dcu:g gtiat cr tin to in
 ,n:t r ano pu list rrs. Icu ei trx IcU
 LAS9 18 US prMK-t;RI edur. and ali «Ik* kt i u
 I hun cun n.aka a correct esue: tie ol its edito
 rial ability. Mr. L’ougi w was once a slave
 j some ten years escaj ed from beudege;
 '.he AboLnoniiU of hLa jtuchLsens oitcenec
 talents, and gave him au ed» cation. Twc
 .ears ago he went to Et.giat-d, ai d fumtthef
 the English with a geed living text frrr.i wl irl
 ,to vent tl.etr spleen aga:i&gt;l Is. lie rccerircr
 great aUention, tra*.ekxi il,r« gl: the Lr.iur
 ivingtloiii, obtaurrd from F.i:gii»Lir&gt;ett i is
 and lvpe&amp;, or at any rate ti.e 11 oi.ey when whl
 to utcba.se tbtm, aid n w Las ten ltd dov.i
 n Rochvst r to s; tak out lor bns Lret! ren aLt
 are lying in bondage.
 Since lus escape he has certainly enjoyed
 great advantages both of study and observation
 —and bis fine natural talen’s bavo enabled
 him to improve them. In bis new enterprise
 we hope he will take discretion as bis guide,
 and remember that no maiter how holy the
 cause he advocates, exhibitions of violence
 either in language or otherwise, only tend to
 retard its adiance, whilst calmness and dig
 nity win respect both for our arguments and
 ourselves. We wish him all the success he
 deserves. —Eochcstir Everung Gazitt;.
The first number of this large and interest
 ing sheet is before us. It is published every
 Friday, at No. 2.% Buffalo Sreet, Rochester,
 at two dollars per annum, always in advance.
 Frederick Douglass and M.’ R. Delany,
 editors.
 Mr. Douglass, it is well known, is a manu
 mitted slave, and has. for several years past,
 been a very popular lecturer in the cause of
 abolition. Consequently the North Star,”
 chiefy under his supervision, may be expected
 to be principally devoted to that causa. The
 Jxjrd crown the philanthropic enterprise with
 abundant success.— Advent Ilariingtr.
This paper, of which Frederick Douglrss
 is editor and proprietor, made its appearance
 ia this city on Monday morning lost. The
 paper is large and of respectable appearanc®.
 Mr. Douglass is a man of decided talent, and
 is capable of making the papier a very useful
 ar.ti-slaverv ii strumentality. We apprehend,
 however, that the bent of the parer can: ot lie
 decided from the first issue. The number
 bnfore us. so far as we can see, contains no
 very objectionable features. In the progress
 of the enterprise, we shall learn ihe tendency
 and spirit of the man and the papier. —Genesee
 Evangelist
The first number of this paper—conducted
 bv FitEDFnicK Douglass, the distinguished
 r'f.igee from slavery—appered some days
 since, but. owing to som® mishap, \v® did not
 get hold of it until vesterdav. A glance is
 all that we have been able to bestow upon it:
 but its m.-ehamcal appearance is exceedingly
 neat, and its leading article indicates a high
 order of tale t. Mr. Douglass, it will rot be
 d n cd. s a man of m eh mor? than an ordi
 nary share of intell'ct: and having himself
 experienced the c et&lt; of the institution,*' it
 I s not to h® wonder'd that he is an enthusias
 tic abol-tiomst. As we have plenty of prof s
 vn? abo!it nn sts among us. w® tr Ist th®v
 will f-om their usual liberality, and
 s-stain Mr. Douglass'papor.— Foc/iestcr Dci'y
 Afyniscr.
j Th-- No”ih Sta l- is tb® title of a paner iust I
 j start'd in this city, demoted to lb® cause of!
 Abolitionism, hv Frederick Do--glass, a col-j
 jo*-»d man. who has fdt the evils and wronos
 .of slavery in his own r&gt;"-son for more tlian 20
 ”®ars. He has traveled and lectured cxt®n-i
 s’velv in th 9 country and in many ra-ts of
 iEiironp. and has obtained from the lntt'r
 conrtry n-on®v siifnci®nt for h s present undcr
 laVjnfr He is poss'ss® !of the requisite talent
 and information to make bis paper nr effie-’ent
 organ ofthe Abolition party. —Christian Sen -j
 fine!.
W« hari hist received the first number of
 Mr. T)on*j nss‘ now paper, the N*rth Star,”
 pubbsh°d al Rochester. N. Y. It s a Inroe
 and handsome sheet, exc-rndmelv well printed
 and put together. Tts prj minal editorial
 contorts are. the editor’s introduction to his
 readers, fwh ch we shall eorv in another
 placed an address to’he cobred population r
 and a letter, extrem ra, v pointed and spirited,
 to Mr. Clav. s”orrest"d by Ids late Lexington
 so o eeh. Its literal v and rnochan cnl execution
 would do honor to anv piner, now or old,
 ami-slavery or pro-s 1 averv, in the country.
 Mr. Douglass has our sincere &lt;rood wishes fior
 tho highest degree of prosperity and usefulness
 1 in Ins new career. The prosnocts of h s ’ahn-s
 in this as yet untried field, arc certainly fell
 of promise of an answering harvest. We
 hope, as wo believe, tlmt it will not unbe
 seem th° promise of its Spring.”
 Dr. M. R. Delanv. late of the Pittsburg
 Mvstery, fwhich. we believe, has he &gt;n united
 with th* North Star,) is associated with Mr.
 Douglass in tho editorship of the new paper,
 and w ill bring a measure of practical experi
 *nc’ into the partnership which cannot fiil of
 b'ing advantageous to its interests. Mr.
 M illiam f N.dl, favorably kn wn to most of
 our readers from Irs connection formerly with
 the Liberator, and from les prom in nice in all
 efforts for the improvem *nt and advancement
 of our colored countrymen, is the publisher
 of the paper. His conn vtion with it will, if
 possible, increase the interest which will lie
 felt, in this region, in the success of the
 undertaking. The prin‘*r is M-. John Dick,
 the son of Mr. Thomas Dick, of Ixmdon, w ho
 is known to our readers by his communications
 in our columns, as one of our most intelligent
 'friends abroad. Mr. John Dick came to this
 country in the course of the last summer, and
 made a very favorable impression upon those
 who made his acquaintance here, during his
 short sojourn among us. It must be a source
 of just sit'sfiction to tilt friends of Mr.
 Douglass in England, who supplied lhe meat s
 for his enterprise, that he lias secured the
 services of this gentleman in carrying it cn.
 Tiie next number of the North •'rtar will be
 issued on the first Friday in January, and
 thenceforward regularly on every succeeding
 Friday. Its terms are tico dollars, always in
 advance. We are happy to hear that the
 present state of the subscription list is encour
 aging, and trust that it will become all that its
 friends can desire. —q.— LiUrctor.
 We have received the first number of Fred
 erick Douglass pager—the North Star. It
 is neatly printed with handsome type, on a
 sheet almost the siz; of tins. Its sehctioi.s
 are judiciously made, and its editorials well
 written. Altogether, it does credit to the
 taste, the skill, and the ability of its proprietor
 died eJitor. and is all that i s b«&gt;t friends could
 wish it to be. We cannot b’tter five an idea
 of its contents, ami tue spirit with which its
 editor has co luneoe-d his new vocation, than
 by copying Ids introductory.— XGhana! Arui-
 Slavery Standard.
 We ate right glad to welcome this super! a
 t velv able and spirited advreate of the enslaved
 class from one of lt tt li'tiip
 word which manot fail lo im'Tessth? herirt cf
 this nation. Here is a ehatt 1 in hufftan shrp-’
 w ho on our boast d Rational j r.nciple takes
 the reins of s.'lf-govcpumant into Ins own
 hands, revolutionizes himself, escapes from a
 slave stale, works three years on the wharv es
 in New B.dJbrd, travels, lectures, writ ’s,
 speaks in his own great cause, and that of his
 poople. seven year* more, and now mis 0 in
 the sight of tb* whol nation a journal edited
 with as much ability ns any that can be named.
 Of scholar, poet or statesman, we care not of
 whom, nothing in tbs shape of a weekly
 journal can be found more instinct with genius
 and manta) power. We pot if fearlessly to
 the decision of editors most devoured with
 prejudice efminet enter, nock ee the editor of
the New York Sunday Despatch, for exam
 ple. cau you find any short coming in tfc»
 effort Can tcu CnU a man in the editorial
 f.ehd who can bear th* palm Item Frederick
 101 gia*a» all h.m taucj. imp idem, at 1 1
 flare. There he i§, a wl.oie man—thcigh
 tiack ct.d a rutawsy tbve. Al&lt;! «e pu it u.
 the meet ral-iil ctlorj Lobbt of the mhcle cl
 t. etn. whether it is anything sloti tf the itcst
 dev il:ah tally tc use 11 tufa timber tut Lcugiaa*
 t* msoe it for the vile trp r*t* cl slavery.
 loiglasa japer t* p übushed at liocku&amp;tcr.
 N*. Y., tar $2 per ai um, m advance. And
 it t» verth ary man s mcoey. ahail giTa
 sen.e ru h exuaits from it ancit. The tyjo
 grajhical extct-ticn cl it is fret rate. Mr.
 Lotglsts is rsiistni in the edilenal depart
 mcr.t by Mr. M. R. Delany, a prctkiraa 01
 i ts cwn color; ard the publisher i» Wiiliiut
 L. Neil, a ctkrcd Bisten boy, well kr.cwr.
 lor his gentlen anly bearing aid Llsilcss eL
 ergy.— Cl roruipt.
Wc have received ftom Rochester, N*. Y..
 the first number cf Frederick Douglzas paper,
 which bears the name of Freedom s glorious
 beacon light. It is a large sheet, well p rinted,
 on good paper, and is decidedly trepoasesstuf
 m typographical appearance. TU motto 11
 bears ia a sentiment worthy of a reformer with
 the noblest aims and widest philanthropy:
 Right is of no sex —Truth is of no color—
 God is the Father of ua all, and all we are
 brelhren.” Its opening address is manly and
 serious, and breathes a hopeful aptrit, which
 is encouraged by the favorable prospects with
 which the entjrpn.-e cctntncnccs. Peri:aps
 no man can be found within their ranks better
 qualified ia all reapiects to be the organ of the
 people of color in their preset;* struggle for
 equal manhood in their native land. To re
 markable- poweis cf intellect, and a elear moral
 vision, and unconquerable perseverance, he
 aids the still more important qualifcation for
 this work, the solemn conviction that he is
 called to it. But he is too well known to our
 r'ad®rs to need any commendation from us.
 That the North Star will he a powerfil aux
 iliary to th? anti-slavery cause, and eminently
 worthy of patromg®, no one who knows Mr.
 Douglass will doubt. We especially hope
 that the colored people w ill extensively sub
 scribe for it, for their own sake, as well as to
 sustain the paper. It is a papier which wi l
 stimulate them to imp rovement, and eluiate
 their moral and intellectual character, ar.d in
 crease their self-resp-ect, and the rc.sp.cct ol
 other men for them. To break down the
 walls of pre udice, which now shut them from
 many avenu -s to l.c.ior and c-xcelWce, tliev
 should rally, by thoi sands, around Douglass,
 and sustain his hands and strengthen his heart.
 We ou.ot.® a passage from his opening address
 which will show the sp irii ai d hope w ith which
 he enters upon his new and iirpoitant enter
 prise.—Pennsylvania lret mm.
The North Star, a new weekly folio, bv
 Frederick L‘oi class &amp;i Co., No. 1, reaches
 us from Rochester—vigcrously edited but not
 well printed. Its rnctlo is— Right is of no
 sex—Truth is cf no color—God is the Father
 of us all, arid all we are brelhren.” Douglass
 does not w rite so happily as he sp®aks; but,
 considering thit he was a benighted slave
 until twenty-one years old, next a laborer for
 three years on the wharves at New Bedford,
 never had a day s schooling in his life, and
 has be n only nine years out cf bondage, (if
 the condition of a colored hireling in a North
 ern city is to b® considered freedom.) all must
 pronounce him a man of decided talent. Ifis;
 principal article in this No. is a letter to Mr.
 Cl tv, in review of his remarks on slavery in
 hislat -speech at Lexington—caustic, forcible, j
 but rathar mi.rj savage than is politic.
 Wj trust thj African race in this country
 will resolve to co c nitrate their patronage on
 tin Star. Douglass is among the ablest, if
 not the very ablest, of their number, and will
 fight their battle vigorously.—iV. Y. Tribune.
W e have received the f rst num’ier of an
 anti-slavery pap®r bearing the above title,
 published at Roriicster. edited by Frederick
 Douglass and M. R. Delany. The paper
 evinces considerable talent, and the former
 gentleman (w’ho has been a slave,) asserts
 Irs right to freedom bv publishing a till of
 sal and a r nipt in full for 1. is parches as a
 from one whom lie terns a “cold-blood -d
 M :tho list man-stealer." and the hypocritical
 nation that lias sanctioned his infamous claim.”
 Although wc do not coincide with the abo
 lition views of the Star, we are willing that
 every one should enjoy their own principles.,
 wh ch they have an undoubted right to do;
 and if there are any in this section who wish
 to support a paper of*this character, we would
 recommend them to the North Star, aN in
 patronizing that sheet, they bestow their
 favors upon “one who has felt the wrongs]
 of slaver-/, and fathomed the depths of its!
 iniquity.”—JYt icarl (.Y. l r Herald.
Th® North Star is the title of a weekly
 paper at Itoch'ster, N. Y., edited by Fred
 erick Douglass, the fugitive slave. Its motto
 is, R'ght is of no s'x —'TYuth is of no color
 —God is the Father of us all, and all w® ire
 brethren.*’
Douglass was a benighted slave, unt:l 21
 years old, next a labor -r for three years o.n
 the wharves at New Bedford, never had a
 day’s schooling in his life, has been only nine
 vea r s out of bondage, and now vve I'nd him
 issuing one of the ablest papers in the I n-on.
 Who f-n-'s the colored race is inferior in intel
 lect r Hampshire II raid.
We have received the first number of this
 paper issued at Roch®ste r N V\ illiam
 C. N *ll. publisher, and Frederick Douglass
 and M. R. Delaney, editors.
Frederick Do.ugla.-s is now about 29 v®ars
 of .age. We regard hint ns or.® of the most
 extrrurdirnrv of living n-.on. It would seen,
 ns if Providence had raised lum up to deliver
 his race from Lon dago. V» e trust he wid
 keep Irs ove fixed on this single oh cct, an 1
 not suffer his influence to be less'n -d by col
 lateral quest Vns, not having a d;-ect bearing
 upon the welfare of his race. Ck vclcr.it O.)
 True Devon ret.
We hail th s accession to o' r list of
 ro-’al&gt;orcr.s—this mouth-piece for tlie dumb
 slavog.
 W j shall say little or this behalf, as liti’c*
 need be said. That little we allow Mr. D.,
 to sav for himself.
 [Pasgcr Gazette.
The f rat number of the Star,” wt-fc h we
 lave bece exprciirg for s* me v.-cchs, hro*
 cr»ir.e to hard. M r IVlarv. formerly rditn
 of the PilThbn’g Mvstc-v. is aa«orinied wiib
 Mr. Doughy* in tbe editorial charge of the
 paper. The Star is declined, vre believe, to
 be a powerful agar.t in reg -n &gt;rat-rg the f t fdic
 sentim*lll cf this r.r;o’ t the great ci esi on
 cf human fr*e-lom. Wc gv-in a’ &lt;vher rr!-
 umn th* aodr cf th- c«li:orn, to tlie rc!o-ed
 peofle of the Farted Slat w. It t* fmrible
 and high tor ed: ar.d r e sure wll be re*d
 with n&lt; t oedv by these to uhoxn it :e
 addressed, hut by *ll «ko are friendly to ike
 elevation of ite colored man. Ar.h-SJaccrx,
 Pugte.
 We hail this r a r«T f a r omen, pre
 saging the downfall of the bsrrier cf pr* udice
 existing toward* the colored race. *1 be first
 number is rruuded with an vie* which world
 do honor to ibe pen of Iler.rr C by. We,
 welcome the 44 North Staf, with almost tbe,
 same feeling the fegutive slave does the orb.
 after which it is called, when it bursts upon'
 his eager view, to guide him to the land of
 freedom. May all the expectations of friend
 Douglass be realised, and may bis paper
 prme all that bis friend* have aaUeipsted.
 With such a mas as Frederick Douglass at
 its bead, the 44 North Star’* cannot fail tc
 give light to the mind*, and strike conviction
 tn the muls of his white but bitter enemies.
 Again we any, socnens—i. w.—CTgnea af
 Freedom, 0.)

■I Futnijci Dottuti, the gaa«mitia4
 slave, «hoM* lecture* upon riarery havr
 attracted ao much attention in this country
 &amp;nd Europe, has conintenrcd the pubLcatioa,
 at Rcck»ttr, of a paper call jd Uu North
 Stax/’ Its regular issue will comioaucc mi
 the £rst Fruity in January next. Tin. spoct
 men sheet has been sent to us. Its typogra
 phy is neat; its selections are in pond taste,
 nd its etiiton ik esbtbit a bigh order of laiont,
 tenertly engaged m the political and sochu
 refer, end ku tl the wronged and oppressed
 vie tuns cf American tlavcry. —Atcgcm Cou
 rier.
HISCELLANEOC9.
 Utica Stkam Wooue* Factort.—Wt
 take special pleasure ia cotictng the fact tha
 a dividend of tan per Cotit. cn the sto&lt;'k ha*
 been declared to tbi stockholders tr the Utica
 •Steam Wool jo Co. The first piece of hnishet!
 goods was completed in this finery about the
 end of March last, and the establishment wt
 not put into full operation till the latter par;
 of April. This dividend m the result, there
 fore, of considerably less than a year's oper
 ation, and is a bona Jidj division of actual
 profits. It augurs well for our steam manu
 facturing enterprises- —Ulna CaxttU.
Got a paper to spare?*’
 Yes, sir; hern is one of our last. Would
 voa like to subscribe, sir, and taka it regular
 ly?”
 I would—bet I am too pooT.”
 Tha man had just returned from the circus,
 which cost fifty cents; lost tinto from his farm,
 fifty cents; whiskey, jcdgicg from the smell,
 at least fifty cents—"making a dollar and a hah
 actually thrown away, and then begging for
 newspaper, alleging that ha was too poor tc
 pay for it!
 That s what wo call “saving at tho apih,
 and wasting at the bung hole.”
Mocktabs of Eatabuss.—Tbs annual
 product of provisions in this country is enor
 mous. Tho statistics of the commerce of our
 state canals during the season iust dosed,
 prove this. Look at the mighty heap 01
 enables, fur instance:
 w jre brm ght to tho Hudson river,
 on 81l the eaaals of this state, during the year
 1847, of
 Flour, 3,0.72.072 bbli.
 Giain, of all kinds, 14,055.010 bush.
 Peas and lieans, ICG.CfS
 Potatoes, Ice.rCD
 Dried Fruits, 3,558,0(0 lbs.
 Pork ar.d Beef, 145,-145 bhls.
 Bacon, 4.002,000 lhs.
 Cheese, 40,644,0C0
 Butter, 22,724,CC0
 Lard, 4,348,CC0
 [Albany Express.
Women* in* the Army.— Official documents
 slate that th ;ra are at least 2,300 women
 attarhud to the American army, cooking,
 washing and tending the sick.
The Larccst Church in* the United
 States. —Tho First African Church, (Bap
 tist,) Richmond, Virginia, is said to be the
 largest body of communicants in connection
 with a single congregation in the Uimn, bcii g
 two thmsaiid four hundred and seventy. Tho
 other churches of the same denomination in
 that city repoit in addition two hundred and
 sixty eight colored members. Total 2,768.
What the Girls cf the Bay State Do.
 —We have received the statistics of the vari
 ous branches cf industry in Massachusetts for
 1815, taken with the census that year. To
 show our young ladies that it is no disgrace
 to work in the pilgrim land, we give them the
 particulars of the straw bonnets and hats, and
 straw braid, and palm-leaf hats made there in
 one year:
 No. Value.
 Straw'bonnets and hats, 1,646,254 1,057,6?2
 Value of straw braid, 102,207
 Palm-leaf hat 3, 480,337
51,610,5C6
 All this by famalcs, mostly farmers' daugh
 ters. Worcester, Hampshire, and Franklin
 counties do most. Are not such industrious
 girls worth going after? Instead of street
 yarn, they are for dollars and cents. They
 don t constantly bother „Utcir parents and
 husbands with leasing for a new silk dress or
 $lO shawl. They have the money in their
 purses, from their own industry. There art*
 lots of rosy cheeks who have iheir hundreds
 J ’posited in banks, from the straw braid em
 ployment. \V e once knew two sisters who
 bought a farm for Si,ooo for their parents,
 f o n the savings of braid. —Rochester Daily
 American.
An Irish CoMrUMENT.—A lovely girl waa
 ba iduig her head over a rose tree which a
 lady was purchasing from an Irish basket
 woman in Covent Gu-den market, when the
 woman, looking kindly at the young beauty,
 said: I axes ycr pardon, young lady, but if
 it's pleasing to ye, I d thank ye to keep ver
 cheek away trom that rose ye'il put the lady
 out of consult with the color of her flowers.”;
Till r hir».go (Illinois) Citizen, in an article!
 on th colored population, thus speaks:
 *j Ws hive made some inquiries into the!
 condition of the colored people in this citv.|
 There are probably three hundred colored
 inhabitants here. Many of them are pereois
 of property; none of the n are in the lowest
 stairs rf j ovt rty: ai d the day is yet to
 come when any one has seen a colored penson
 herein? f r orn door to di&gt;or. which car.not be
 said ol the people of any other origin residing
 here. In moral character thev sta&gt; don a par
 with any other class of our citizens.”
 LITErATCr.E AND I.EARNING IN China.—
 The Chinese arc a reading people, ar.d the,
 number of their published works is very con
 siderable. In the departments cf morals,
 history, biography, the drama, poetry, and
 romance, there is no lack of writings, such as
 thev are. The ('hinese mat Tta medica com
 prises forty octavo volumes; of statistical
 works the number is very large. Their
 novels are said to be excellent pi -lures t*f the
 national manners. China is fi ll cf hooks.
 New aulhors are continually spring up; the
 press is active, ard the traffic in bonks is a
 li c-ative and meat honorable branch of trade.!
 When examination take place in the capita!
 of the palace, tie must apt students are
 chosen to fill the office of bookmakers. There
 are, however, few revllv nsw works, and all
 that appear are com platers and quotations,
 the author never verttrirg an id»-a of lur
 cvrn: and in this cor? vs the-r
 according to l.inece r.ct ers. There m one
 work in the Koval Library on the topography
 of Plena, which ss ia:d to ncktt of s,t:t,t»
 volumes: trftre cf the best translators that
 have had access to seme extracts from tin*
 giant, were fadlv diaappeimed, r» it appears
 to be a mars of ccr.frvcn, witheut any 1
 attempt at otdr or p-oper arrangement, j
 The re are numerous small treatise* similar to
 our tracts, gratuitously distributed bv private,
 individual*, inculcauug morality and virtue.,
 Prini:ng is evidently cheaper m C hina than in
 this country, when ten volume*, each con
 taining ICO pages, can he purchased for le«i&gt;
 than a dollar. Every peasant, and the poor-,
 cat fvherman. can read and write. Private
 and public schools are Eumeroua in every
 province, and ewirely md*-pendant of govern
 rr.ent. Oecawonally, an examiner visits all,
 schools, to ascertain the qcahficattona of the
 teacher*.
The Mute t*.— Sheridan wrote: u Women
 govern o*; let u* try to render them perfect
 The more they are onhghiened. to much the
 more we shall he. On the cultivation of the
 moods of wones, depend* the wisdom of
 mea.” Nxpoleo* «ud: The future deetiny
 of the eUd m aivaye the work of the
 mother.**
 CiiKSUM Xerie-Qia Mtk hae heee
 tailing, Wy d*« degrees, lot tom months
P*** sad he was daily wailing for Ms depart
 ure. l| e erptml, we am told, without anf
 fvnng. and in iSt perfect pussesnmt) of hot
 fjculuea to the la*:. t’p to withr* a fcw
 days of his death he w» occur icd in correct
 ing the proof sheets of one of hts works, an
 «r k lht
 press. In hi* death, we have Um
 man, a man of great judical takm w. 4 eru
 diuon, and endowod with many virtues
 Eve. Fast.
 ITT* A romr-ner once Fishing a Tictim of
 his murderous traSie on his death bed, sard to
 him: “Do you remember me?” “Yes.”
 said the dying man, with a startling emphas:-,
 1 do reinj;uber you, ai«i l remember your
 shop, where I fonavi the habit winch has
 ruined uk; and when I ara dead, my beggar
 t*d widow and foilier less children Will remem
 ber you.”
For the Lsm*s —-The following scrap is
 taken from H inry’s commentary:
 Woman was made of a rib out of the side
 of Adam; net made out of his head to top
 bun—not made out of Lis fset to be trampled
 upon by him—but under his arm to be pro
 tected, and near Li heart to be beloved.”
Female Coca act. —A servant girl, r&lt;
 markabli for hjr frarlcss disposition, laid
 wager that she would go into a charnel-kous
 at midnirbt with a liglit, and bring fret
 thcncs a d rad nun's skull. Accordingly,
 tho appointed tunc, sha went, but the perso
 with whom she had made tho bjt had pen
 before and lad himself in the place. Who
 lie hoard her descend a: d tako up tho t&gt;ku!'
 he called out, in a hollo.v, d snal voict
 I.enrs me my head The girl, instead c
 displaying symptoms of horror or fright, ver
 coolly laid it down, and said, Well, thsr
 it is,’’ and took up another; upon which th
 voice repeated, I.eave me my head Bu
 tho hrxoic girl, observiug u was tho sam
 voice that had called before, answered, in he
 o-vn country dialect, “Ns, na, friend; y
 cana ha’ twa heads 1”
Gallantry. FonteneHc, nesting at the
 marriage of Madame Ilelvctius, did not cease
 to whisper the most gallant things. Some
 moments after, he passed before her without
 perceiving her. Madame Ilelvetius, remark
 ing his distraction, said to hint:
 How lightly should I esteem your gal
 lantries, since you pass me without looking at
 me l
 Madame, replied the amiable old man,
 “If I had looked at you, I should not have
 passed you.”
Correct Definition. —An intelligent fc
 male witness having been much perplexed b
 Old Blowhard in a long cross-examination
 happoned in replying to use the term kumlitg
 Madam, said the man of the law, yo
 must not talk unintelligibly. What is th
 court and jury to understand b.y the ten
 liurnljug?”
 The lady hesitated.
 I must insist, madam,” said the counsel
 lor, anticipating a victory, “that you proceci
 no farther until you state plainly and openl_
 what vnu mean bv humbug.”
 Why, then, sir,” returned the lady,
 don't know how better to express mv meaning
 than by saying, if I met a company of person.'
 who were strangers to you, and should t3l
 thorn that when they saw you, they niighi
 prepare to see a remarkablv learned, courte
 ous and agreeable man—that would be a
 humbug.”
MARRIED.
 On the Bth tilt., by Rev. Mr. SW, Mr. BENJ.
 EMERSON, of Rrlgeway, tn Miss Slaty S.,
 daughter of John Foster, of this city.
 On the 15:h ulu, by E. Ram Mr. JA
 COB HOLDEN to Miss ELIZALI I It ri.JiIL’KS,
 all of this city.
 On the 23 i uit.,hv Rsv. Mr. Holland, Mr. JOHN
 FARRANT, to ELLEN HARRIS, alt of this city.
DIED.
 On th« evening cf the 22J ult., of \Vhooping
 Cough, ELLEN COOK, youngest daughter oi
 Henry and Abigail Buah, of this city.
 In this city, of consumption, on Fi idav evening,
 tire 24th ult., ISAAC R. MALL, aged ’27 years,
 s.-n of J Hail, Esq.
 In this city, on the 13th ult., of a short illness,
 Dr. E. G. ML’N.N, agc-J 44.
POST AND W lI.LIS, Dealers in Drugs, Me li
 cines, Cltemirals, Dye Stuffs, Faints, Varnish,
 Oils, Glassware, Brushes, I’erfutneiy, Dag'.ierreotvpe
 St .ck, b renrli and German Chciiiirafs, Ai tints’
 Coitus, Brushes and Canvass, Etiic-iiai Oil, Coll
 Lrr.f s:t! Foil, Sic.
 Being Agents f&gt;r most of the celebrated Family
 and valuable Fatcnt Meiiiciiw-s, and receiving tlie
 same directly from the Manufacture! s or tiieir Ag-nts,
 they are enabled to s-pply all ordeis at wholesale
 ami retail, on the most favoraLl* terms.
 Hom.ei p athic Cm ks, Medicines, ami Family
 Cates, with full directions. Only agents tdr West
 ern New Y'.ak.
 A Is. Slrerwood’s Vibratory Magnetic Machines,
 with ifiiectiuns.
 lli sgene Gas; also Ethelial Oil and Lamps, for i
 burning the same. Tli se who w&lt;-ul l consult ecu-
 no.ny an 1 convenience are invite 1 to examine these
 Lamp s. The atu-nti.ni of C'ouuttv .Mercliants, Fhv- i
 sicia is, Families, an i ollicts, wi-liing goo.* in ti»e
 ate.-ve l-ir-, is rcqm stc at the Al O’FIiECAKIEri’
 HALL, 4, Exchange Street.
UNIVERSE COOKING STOVES.
 IIE 3.4 scribers are nianufactin ing this invaluable
 Cinkisg Stove, (!esi:-’ied f «r G.»ai or Wood,
 warrant 'd U&gt; tkcel any other stove ever invent**. l
 an I construe te i xti ictly uj-ou hilnsup-hical p t iiwiples.
 The Oven t.'mtc 1 by hot air, (the only bat air oven
 ever ixitente',) an 1 wairanted to bake a* well a*
 any brick oven. For sale only by trie tin iejsig ied,
 wliolcsaJe and retail, 34, Exchange Street.
 11. LLSiI CO.
OWEN MORRIS CITr BINDERY,
 CX DI R THF XCStUM—bite FISH t. K ii MORRIS.
 M R. MORRIS wa.« in tin emp l y tf Mr. .Alarms
 Morse f,r seven years, and &lt;uii&lt;-g that time
 pir-ctnel fi.r him th.ee Si'.ver Ale 'ids, f&gt;r t»«e lest
 specimens «f Bor.k Oiafii’?, exhit ite I at Me- j
 chaoics’ Fair* lie! 1 in litis e.ry and Btr'ial i.
 Ge t einr-.i’s Litevr cs fitted uu and repaired
 Alrsie l*;:per re’e Music ami r.-rio di-.dx tiou'id
 and fi -iilie! t *’y rstteir. Blank irr.srnt Books
 executed at this th).lnuaewt liav* given MtetpiulW-d
 sutisfia'tion, I y tlitrr durabibty atJ elrgjncc. Strut
 at*e*ifi&lt;.n is always paid to the q-tuli&lt;y f apjo. use
 to render ikm equal to the hfc*t t:&lt; the Lint, d States
 or those iarpeitteJ.
 ie»* Scrap and Guard Becks, Album* and
 I'.itfdn s, r« ;jl I'reir rakur, uramdactiaed to
 order in tie best style.
 Barks, l-otiti.tr.w, Sorittif*, It"., tnay be
 ai awed of work la-lug doa* on the- most a .Fssb;.**!
 terrr*.
 Ge itl-mn at a &lt;?i*«atnce, ly ra"kin? and
 C.rwar toar.ro** u&gt; the at*»ve sutler, rtafrng
 pri -e .rad rt)b, may rely upa.a tia ir la-rug weft l&lt;«d
 on tie* n&gt; «t favorable term, a'eo ear»*bll) aad
 penflfcifr retotne).
 N.B. The pnprist'v hers spared rr&gt; etrewse h
 f'tine aji ihe rsulculrmeat, ant mtr«*iwci"g mm
 lleettrn .\&lt;w York the latest imr r &gt;Tra«.'i.U or
 Book Bhdisf.
 OWEN MORRIS.
 City Bindery, aisiri the MtH-ms.
BOSTON IBH.RTIMHEMS.
CLARKSON,
 LfJNDON EDITION—WITH BORTRAJT.
 \PEW enpie* of fTARKSON'S HISTORY
 Of THE ABOLITION OF THE SLAVE
 TRADE; Wfrfh preislosy r«muk* on tie- +A**y*mt
 idrolhiun of Silvery; beautiful ba**i *dhstw»,
 wfrN a fine Bortnut of its* Author, iei— oa steely—a
 GoA wrhsch mU not be irapwir i for less than Are*
 &lt;Uian, ran b* had at Yl.CnsnktV, if applied fnt
 issuin'traclr,at th* very k/w ancr «fOu l&gt;ott
 cask. A her, ECLOGIIM ON (LARKsON.by
 Auiiit'ti Cscasm,sl danfira)fries d
 twelve and a half cent*.
ROBERT MORRIS, J» Atwnwy Ml Cra
 •elLr at Law. Brasm BraLm*.
TO6CPH H. TURPI x wsoM wv«w
 J of fc. files* snd the Me lu* DAGtfR.,
 riax gallery. y&gt;. Sut
 hs sfcd— hw— if to CMS— Msswn
 Uk.fcZo.s3ds. wriwowM -7-km.
 m prntm+m
MAC3DN B. ALI.EN. Anew* end Csaetlbr al
 at las, NssMcbwnn Block.
 BOYS f CLOTHTngT
 SAMl'El* WILSONr 14, Brattle Btraet. having
 recent •duitums to las etoce, is prepared to
 u«;sh BOYr CLOTHING, of as mwtsrsai
 and fit, aoJ at a* cheap prices, as sea be nhtaewii m
 the city
 SLW ENGLAND SECOND HAND
 CLOTHING STORE,
 No. sf, STUKT, Bo* tor.
 JOHN W R4GHT kcepe ocsistantlj oa heed
 great variety of New and Snctaj liaed ('totbrag.
 Ooodi of at] kiais, *srh a* oM cL Aes. W. I. food*,
 Wso ots, and JTLn**, kt., exehenfwJ fiir aew
 Cash w‘vxrW l oe ail kiada ef (oo^sj
 Irotn one o&gt; c4m iwv.-rtv. tiolia*.
 IUHN D.'RLkALEO.N, lUfr Cwting Bsh«r
 rerfmuery tmpnrni*. 11», BWluteMMt.
3 lOttk AI'YEUTISEMEMS.
 Dtt. J. M’CU.NE SMITH. s3,W*ai fewrafr
 way.
 p _
 d r JINMNG3, So.goun-Dentist, US, Nurtfr
 Brwiwiy.
 PHILIP A. IIII! TF., Dnjp it, corwr «f Fiwk*
 tbrf uJ UolJ Stmt.
 r TTTILLIAM S. POtVELL, 9hik**s Cl,
 c Y? Cherry Sfcw*.
 i 1 imv mm+ Urn* i
 TTriLLIAM RICH, Hair Dittnni ami Bvtliuf
 V Saloon, Troy 11. use, Trvy, New A'oik.
 a 1
 e
 n VORTHAHHON WATER CERE.
 1, j TIIE andersifaed, fratefully appraciatiaf um crw'lt
 J- fncrewtj lj a msoctninj j uflie to bio
 j- *'!C ess ai a HydrrpaAuc Pracfitiorsfr, wcfeld iw*
 p«i.tfu!!y inturm the hien-Jt of Nydre|atliy, that his
 cstahhsaincnt is pleasantly sin-vied nrsi Pcnsonvilic,
 6! on the west bank of the Licking Water, or MiU
 River, shout two and a Italf miles from the cent)*
 t| of the t wn. It is ihiity-si* bv seventy feet; rhi-o*
 stoi ies liish, with a piaxza on the seudt side. Thera
 are sepai; te pai lors, bathing and o') easing roemv, fir
 r lie* an.i ireutlcnien. Theie arc also twenty lodging
 PM ius, 'i ll cf winch is well ventilvtaa an.l ou
 veiiiently hauislied for die acce-mmocation cf tw&lt;r
 jeisons. Amonc the vaiiety ef hatha in the fata*
 5 Llishment are, the phniyr, .louche,- «!rerd&gt;ee, and
 j, sj-ray bathe. The la :ies'idunyr is siR by ten fret,
 n thiee a&gt;l a hall deep; die gentkoien’s/ eight by
 twelve, three and a half deep. There are also two
 1 e»l i douches, urre i.f which is situated a unle, and th«
 itis'i hsli a imk- fiom the cst-.l hshment. Tiw former
 has a fail of twenty-two feet, the latter eighteen^
 The feotieiy in this vicinity is pictutceqne and
 romantic. There are a variety cf k-asart w».'ki
 1 1 passing near and tv springs cf pure water. Tho
 walks arc suthciently letiiod to all. w wttor-cu*
 '»i patiet-.ts to appeal- as diey should, ai !y dressed,
 e enjoying dicir ran.l les, with ut lei g exposed to
 pul,lie or observation. Sit ee t'ai.y ex| et »iw,
 tor tire last three yearn, lass strengtbeneu his cpini. n,
 that the con iiticir of the skin rleaily in.deatfs tho
 character of many diseases, ami the vttiiy oi in tiiiiy
 f of a-i invalid to bear tlie water treatment in its
 i I various forms also the necessity of apfhing tiro
 j di-y wrollen lla;iket, or die wet sheet, tu promote
 a i evaporation or a sweat, wlien either may 1* ncccs
 i sary and from results which have attended his appli
 oation of the tieatme it, he hesitates not to say, that
 she rUit. ic symptom of the skin indicates tv/ utf or
 prWtr, and that an invalid, «h&lt; *e skin is net af.emied
 will) this symptom, cannot Le safely or sucresvtiilly
 treated with water. Among die complainlv which
 J are here successfully treateti, are pulmonaiy affecthrn,
 liver complaints, jaundice, acute or chronic intlnui
 i mation of the bowels, piles, dyspepsia, ceneial de
 bihty, nervous and spinal aflw-timis, intlainnut»ry
 Ii or eluonic rheumatism, neuralgia, sciatica, Imno
 f limbs, paralysis, fevers, salt rlwum, scrofulous and
 erysipelas humors.
 j Ail patients who visit this establishment for it
 eo- rse of treatment, siiotld furnish themselves with
 'j dure coml'oitables, tlnee woollen blankets, one linen
 a:vd dr ee cotton sheets, two'pillow cases, six crash
 towels,some well worn linen, to cut for f« luei.Utions,
 an old clotsk or mantle, ami a syringe.*
 i •Terms for tieatmcnt and hoard are 65 &amp;J per
 week,for those wi»o occupy rooms on the third door;
 lon the fust and second doors, 66 00 per week,
 (payable weekly; washing extra. A patient, who,
 from choice or necessity, occupies a room alone, on
 ihe third floor, will pay 6 8 00 per week; on the
 j first and second doers, 68 30 per week. Invalids
 who are so feeble as to need extia attention and fire
 in their rooms, (except for swathing purposes,) will
 procure dreir own muses aud foci, or pay an extra
 priio.
 D. RUGGLES.
 Xyrlfumpton, Avj. 1847.
 N.B. Tire afflicted, desirous of being examined irt
 regard to dicir complaints, and of ascertaining th*
 j adaptedness of the water-cure in llicir particular
 case, should call ou 'l'uesoavs and Fridays.
 This iusti ament may he obtained at ilia csta
 Llishment.
 I TFII.hIAM It. Logan, Dealer iii Fashional.l*
 v V lhxits and Siroes, 80, I'urchase Street, New
 j Bci 1 fa.'.
 VV. Hr. 1.; keeps co?»s*:i:rtly on hand a good Assort*
 i ment, and will jell cheap for cash. Stiicl attention
 tai I to custcm-uiadc Work, Ly .Mcssis. I’aiktr and
 laris.
 j
 ATT AS 11 IN GTO.N ’S Dagnenian Gallerv, IC6,
 vV Main Street, Kellogg’s Buildings, Hartford,
 I Connecticut.
 THE NATIONAL EUA U uliioviuii City,
 F District of Columbia. G. Bailey, F.uio.r; J« hn
 I (i. VVSiitticr, Cotrespontliiig Editor. L. I*. Nolle,
 Pub.luher.
 Tlki lea dug pnrp-rss of t!rl* journal is, die dis*
 rsis- do of die fjnestioo of Slavery, and the advocacy
 of the main principles of the Lil-eity I'arty. Due
 .attention is given to Social and P-litrcal c|uc«ti«ns
 ;of ge era I luip-n lance nor are ih* inte.ests of a
 pure Litciatuie ovei lo&lt; ke.*.
 I: ai ns to presetve a f.t.lhfi Ircnl of iu.pi.riant
 events; of inventions or discoveries aflccti-g die
 progress of society; of pid lie di-cnmcnfs of pcima
 nt-nt valce; an. 1 during the *c»snvn* of C«&lt;r-gie»s, to
 pinout such reposts it its pr&gt; c&lt; o-iinifs, its will cuit
 v v a c&lt; irect idea n*.t onlv f r*s action, hut of its
 spirit ail policy. The del ales n tl»e exciting suh
 j.*.-ts i f and the Mexican War, p*|ected to
 ari.se in the next Congitss, wilt occipy a large &gt;1 are
 «.f its columns.
 have bttv imdc f r extending and
 enriching i's already x-.ifu.il,tc crpartroent of home
 a.t&lt;! f ncign correspomience.
 It is piintel on a mammoth sheer, tf tbe f*:&gt;est
 quality, in the best style, at 12 a year, jn.yclU m
 {u/t'n.r.
 Th.* generous spi'it it which the Fra has been
 welcomed ly the (ul.'ir press, and live ve&gt;y biciai
 patronage it has leceivei t’utiug thi*, the 1 r»i y*r
 of its existence, r*teouragrs rs to hope fet large
 acressious to r.ur si.l sc. ip lion fist.
 It is deehable that sul sfr ptions be f riwr.Vl
 witlw.i t relay, so tln*t they may he er.iered lefore
 die preaefne? orgres*.
 All couammications a i&gt; reseed to
 L p. Noni.r,
 Pu’li.'krr rf tkr S t n l Fra, Wcikirtri-n, P.C.
 THE DAILY AND WEEKLY CHRONO
 -1 TYPE. E rUtti by Eliinr Wiigl.t. Inl o»l^4
 by W hite, f’ottei k Wiiglt. 13, Hint* Si ref,
 iCmtiKi. Teintt: iVily, ONE 1 \T,iwh ror*
 hr. Fsa- y »vm.( iwar« e&gt;l t&lt;» ihe pvl Wen lice
 of expense, *»»cj will send l!&gt;«- p-at,er a* that late till
 the Kw.ew-v cxl'iir»od. Weikly, Twu DoHats a
 year in !v»'tcr, or tor a* v sh tier I One at die t*wm
 rate. For live ixlLis, three Copies will Le rent t.r
 one year.
 Tris rd.li'XtMM is itaV in the finest style «f
 re«*p»jer typwjrapby. It is in'epcfwVrrt cf *ll
 se ts, parties, art.l eliqnes, expirssirg fire') tbe
 view* of its e itar amt of surb c««reipunderts »t he
 thick* proper to a'mit, on all tuljt rti of Luu an
 ii-icfcst.
 Ii advocate* equa'ry tf hues* rights, sir! d*
 ab btion of ibvesy, u&gt; r U d i&lt; w», cb*-_p
 al&gt;#tiiwoee (tom ir-ioxicatmg «r»
 eiop.tioa of Irtnpeasre men lirc m taxes w» r*\ m the
 damage* t( sisrmkieg, ref rm &gt;a wiring *&lt;A *t* M
 h»g tie Eeg'rst* tonguttgdw w J r*\ I'-d
 P'IB ifwit, o -rV. i ta) and I iwik tr;ln*ls&gt; IS I'h
 gio», U*&gt; and fralltl ewsiars, watet-cesc, swli-’f
 sea's protective uemc*, *»*d *'l olh*r p facte al
 Lim of areeuiu,akr BMsrwal awl—and gcari any,
 Fr-gres*.
 It ak&gt; give* the news from all pwtf# f n
 in t« the r»o»l fWldriisnl a*! irtci'ifdW r __
 ElfMiSSt l-tsr is already very
 large that it will be increased am e»m»
 the p*rer requesting the «ch*rfe *ifl Uep (te
 above Proepectu* stasvling t Mfwxe ia
 Air* CoWitrv BM&gt;e/ which ,t-inr
 hs columns isfSrw-h wUk the uw st m^stxsK
 of as re-whs
 Daily Cfr-oH.
 bare «mr brat Ihweks *-d ihl
 Boston, Bcp&lt;
 THE DELAWARE ABOfJTIONI»T.
 Aftpf.R of the above msu *1 he psdnW r*
 WtesgiMi by the Delaware Aeli §Ie*SCY
 isetrtr. It will be edited ly a CvWhiliw, and wiQ
 he pdUiahed eo a lalf nadsum sheer, at tweety-fiva
 cents pe year, of tor twenty-foe* uusabst*. 1«
 devoted in eruwnr ipari*n m Delsware, aed ««w Rsf«
 vorate iu actmclishmi at he all lawful pewas. *1
 wi3 be peUtehad ttm flfts
 i Patiel. or an dh* a* the wmm cee he e* intend,
 j James B. RROQKg^
"
