"’lire®.
 i b- BEHOLDER*!4X
 Stfifly.
 ■J SI ling of the
 *n, rtll be hold
 V York, oo
 H.i\ at 10
 v 1 «in this

 Wf
 which, since Soniety |*f&amp; 4«Vfo r ban
 b :oa removed from lip Sabine to tb? Nueces,
 »t is now h J to remtm
 sail furtiur into the free tcmioty of a sutei
 Krfpublie. Wa have Jed* rosoon te expea
 a ro&gt;ra farorabb termination to the two years'
 war Avag.;d, at an enormous cx|&lt;cnoe of Wood
 and tnrwwro, fhr the able purpose of extendhi§
 worst nystem ol hrnnan bondage by con
 Whether the Abortionists of th&lt;
 iswntry can arrest the perpetration of tliu
 atupnadous national crime, or not, k u no 1r«
 t«w»r duty to make tag effort, Tl»e las
 paUic protes\ they may have the opportunity
 to recojd agaiu&amp;t it, should b? earnest ant
 unanimous. jn
 i ho of the moment should al*
 reinind us of how much of the work is ttiH t&lt;
 b'do.rt, which this Society, fourteen yean
 ago, resolved to do. Since its formation, Sla
 very his not been abolished in a single Stau
 of the Union. A million more of our coun
 try .h**i have been born to the Jot of slaves.—
 JJ at th at this Society and its auxiliaries have
 anus ;J, to a certain degree, a universal Anti*
 Slavery sentiment at the North, and have
 ran.la the topic o:ie of absorbing interest
 t ironghoat the roimtry, is the best evidence
 of the wisdom of their measures, and should
 b? the strongest incentive to still more strenu
 ous mid self-deflying toil.
 The old and tried friends of the causa,
 a:i I tfio.se who have been but recently
 a.ous -d to the necessity of the overthrow of
 the felon system of America:) Slavery, are
 nry -.1 to make of this meeting a grand rally
 for freedom.
 WM. LLOYD GARRISON, Presft.
 Wendell Phillips,
 S. 11. Gay. i S&gt;,-«ctoM..
 National Conveatiou of the Liberty
 League.
 Th? undersigned coiunittce appointed at
 Miea»lo:i Locks in Juno last to call a Na
 tl »:i i! (’.invention some time in the year 1848,”
 d i p. 'i Those who wish to provide equal
 civil a for th rights of all men,, to
 ilij 't hi Convention nt the eitv of Rochester,
 on th° Hist day of May next, at 10 o’clock
 A. M.. l’»r tiie purpose of nominating a can
 didate for the Vice Presidency, and the trans
 action of such otliet Imsuteas as may come
 before the convention.
 Tit? convention will b? held two days.
 E. S. Gilbert,
 W. D. Babbitt,
 Wm. R. Smith,
 A. Pkvnel,
 Hikam Pitts,
 X itionil Ca n. of the Liberty League.
 llo.Ni.ovt, IVo. 29, 1318.
 X 'Tice. Agreeably to the reeomtnenda
 tio l of Li Liberty Party Convention, held in
 Auburn, January 12th and 13th, 1848, a Na
 tion il Lib Tty Party Convention will be held
 i t th: city of Buffalo, on the 14th and 15th
 days of June, 1M!8.
 Puis Convention, from the fact that itisex
 p—; l io nominate candidates for President
 an 1 Vice President; and to take high and ef
 f-Clive ground in behalf of personal liberty,
 l’ree-tra le, free-soil, exemption from the bur
 den and curse of war, and from other viola
 tions of the equal rights of all men, will proba
 bly attract a large concourse of persons and
 b? of a dhaply interesting character.
 State League Couveuiion.
 A mass convention for the nomination ol
 Sut officers, to be hupjiorled by the Liberty
 I,»igu? at the ensuing fall election, will be
 boll?a at Rochester on the second day of June
 next, at 10 o'clock A. M.
 Lit our friends see to it that the various
 parts of the State are well represented.
 E. Gilbert,
 W. D. Babbitt,
 Wm. R. Smith,
 Ilia am Pitts,
 A. Pens el,
 Central Com. of the Liberty League.
 Honeove, Feb. 29th, 1848.
 Notice. —Messrs. E. R. Dunlop and S. H.
 Day, are not agents for the Colored people of
 Canada, as is generally supposed and
 if they have collected money in their name, it
 has been done on their own responsibility,
 and not of the British American Abolition
 Society in the city of Torouto. Mr. Dunlop
 was dismissed from his agency for said society,
 on th? first day of December, 1847. Mr.
 Dunlop was sent out with Mr. Day, fbi the
 sole purpose of getting signers to establish a
 paper in the city of Toronto.
 In b .half of the Executive Committee of
 the 13. A. A. Society,
 CHARLES FREEMAN, Sec.
 April 21, 1847.
 Lectures by the Idditor.
 Faros rick Douglass will lecture on Ame
 ricv.i Slavery in th? fallowing places:
 S mem Fulls, Thursday even. May 4.
 Syracuse, Friday, 5.
 t uca, Saturday, 0.
 Albany, Sunday, 7.
 To the Colored Citizens of Detroit.
 W ASHJN'GTON, April 3, 1848.
 Mu. W ili.iam 11. Day 1 have to ac
 kno a lodge the reception of \our letter, ac
 eomptnymg tlio resnlulions adopted by thu
 coloied citizens of Detroit, in hunor of the
 memory of my departed husband.
 ll is one of ihe cheering reflections which
 attend my present bor« aved state, that the in
 dwidu.d whom we mourn did his duty whilst
 on earth, tu&gt;4 leas to die enslaved t tuan to
 the free map, not hiss to humaaity thau to
 lib rtv.
 With many thauks4brthcexpre»siuu of your
 ►ympathv, I remain,
 LOUISA C. ADAMS.
 Practical CiWiimviTr. Six colored
 persona, being a portion of sixteen slaves
 frees by Josjah Darker, Esq., former! f a
 r **u lent of New Orleans, but uow a resident
 of East Grccawich, U. L, aruu-d at Now
 Bedford on Saturday, loth mot., ooruuguod to
 Be.ijatmn Rodman, E*q. lT»e y were for-
 VA ird.-i in charge of a special messenger of
 Messrs. Hatch, Gray A' Co.’s Express, to
 Eun Greenwich, where they ore ui meet their
 b uefictor. We uiuk-rstaod that it is the in
 13iHion r#f Mr. Barker te settle tliem upon
 farm, and provide thmn with the means te
 ae jtrw an honorable livelihood.
CaftM «r «I»WT
 Hoventh street, oo Saturday eight, and se
 •oil down thcmer. smoeg tin
 mtasiug slaves were about eighteen or tweati
 from Georgetown.it was »lw» awmffctod then
 were mote than thirty belonging to the arisen
 of Washington.
 The citizens of Georgetown determine tn
 Sued sy to give ehv :to the piratical schonfi
 in nuntber, arm 'd w ith tnuskets aod othe
 [vfrhapons, left Georgetown about I oVkrk
 and qwcklv an poamMe Allowed the schbene
 down the Potomac. There were vsrioe* re
 porta in the city on Monday night that th.
 runaway slaves hgdb&amp;jo captured, after i
 d*uij»era'te struggle, in whicn seven of thei
 number were killed Hut nope of the* re
 porta were t£ue. Was known o
 either the fugiUTcs ur their pursuers unti
 about 7 o’drti K yesterday morning, when tin
 Salem arrived it our steairiboat wharf, bring
 inf with hef the ecboener aad ail (he skr«
 1 prisoners, tog other* with Edward Sayree, s
 i whit? man, who wm captain of the schooner
 and a, person uatuc.l Daniel Drayton, o
 w!k» had 'chartered her.
 It apj«ars that the Salem discovered th&lt;
 schooner (called tl e Pearl) lying in Corufiek
 harbor, at the mouth of the Potomac, abou
 i ivro o'clock on Monday morning.. The fugi
 drives, seventy-seven .in number, were fas
 asleep below, and Edward Sayres, the cap
 tain, Cheater English, a white boatiaan, am
 Daniel Drayton were also below.. The S»
 lent being immediately run alongside th*
 J Pearl, the Georgetown party almost instanta
 neously boarded her, fastened down the hatch
 ea, and secured the fugitives and tins whitr
 j men on board. The movement was a rapk
 and successful one, and all oo board thePeari
 were thus made prisoners without bloodshed
 although it was evident that the slaves would
 have resisted if there had been any chance ol
 escape.
 On the arrival of the Salem and the
 schooner at the steamboat wharf yesterday,
 a large number of persons were assembled,
 some of w hom used very threatening language
 towards the white men who were brought up
 prisoners; and if the latter escaped without
 serious personal injury, it was owing to the
 prudcucC and firmness of the guard by whom
 they xverc attended, am! their being quickly
 conveyed to jail in a hack, w hich was pressed
 into immediate requisition.
 We called at the jail yesterday, after the
 safe lodgment of the prisoners und the fugi
 tives, and we learned from the commitment of
 Justice Williams, who went down the Poto
 mac in the Salem with the pursuing party,
 that Edward Sayres, (’h'stcr English and
 Daniel Drayton have been committed foT
 further examination on the charge of aiding
 slaves to escape from tlmir owners.
 Th? fugitives consist of 36 men, 96 women,
 and 13 children. They are now all in
 prison.
 We learn that a final examination of thp
 parties now in confinement will take place to
 day at 1 o'clock, at the jail, before Justices
 Williams and Goddard. National Intelli
 gent,tr, 19/A.
 The negroes will be sold and sent south.
 I have been told that the first man to sell one
 of these poor fellows was a distinguished
 clergyman of tbis city 1 shall not mention
 his name till I try to find out correctly.— Cor
 respondence of the Tribune.
 From tlie National Era.
 Disturbance.
 Last Saturday night, we learn, some seventy
 or eighty slaves escaped from this place, in a
 slo p or schooner, and proceeded down the
 river. The fact was not discovered till next
 day, when a steamboat was despatched in
 pursuit. The fugitives, together with three
 white men, who navigated the craft, were
 j caught, brought hack, and imprisoned. A
 great deal of excitement was the result; and
 the cry soon arose among ihe crowd, that the
 National Era was the cause of the mischief.
 Of course, there is uo truth in this not one
 particle, Rut excited men do not inquire or
 reason. While we are writing this, at ten
 .o’clock at night, a crowd of men and hoys is
 collected about the office many stones have
 been thrown but ihe police are striving to do
 their duty. They may fail; the multitude
 i may overpower them but we hope for the
 best. We cannot but think that the sober
 second thought of the ringleaders in this af
 -1 fair will arouse compunction for this violent
 assault against the liberty of the press—a lib
 j erty in our case which even they dare not say
 has been abused.
 All we have to say is, xve stand by the
 j freedom of the press, whatever the result.
 Wednesday morning, d o’clock.—The mob
 'dispersed last night about 12 o’clock—thanks
 to the efficient conduct of Captain Goddard,
 and the rest of the police. The rumor iliai
 the office of the National Era was concerned
 in the escape of the slaves in fhe Pearl, is ut
 terly groundless—-this its originators know,
 but they are willing lo use it to inflame popu
 lar feqling against our press. Whatever we
 do, we do openly. We cherish an instinctive
 abhorrence of any movement which would in
 volve us in the necessity of couccalmcul, stra
 tegy, or trickery of any kind.
 No no! We understand this outrage.
 It is aimed at the freedom of the press. We
 own and edit a paper which is as free as the
 winds of heaven. It bows neither to slavery
 nor to the mob. We stand upon our rights as
 a man, as an American citizen, and will use
 these rights iit speaking and writiug freely
 upon any subject we please, despite all threats
 or violence. It is a damning disgrace, that at
 the very moment we are rejoicing with the
 people of France at their triumph over a des
 pot who undertook to enslave the press, an
 attempt should be made to strike down the
 freedom of the press in the capital city of this
 Republic, in sight of the National Legis
 lature.
 We are again threatened—the outrage is to
 be repeated again, it is said. And for what l
 WllSt is our offence Is there a man in this
 community whom wc have injured! Hsve
 we not boon kind and courteous to all men.
 studious of* the propriety which ought to dis
 tinguish the discussion of all important ques
 tions There is no roan iu this city wUo has
 examined our paper tbit finds any’fault with
 its tone, style, or temper.
 Enough. Wc yield to no violence. We
 appeal to the good sense of this community—
 aye, and as we said, the sober second thougfn
 1 oi ihs infatuated persons who. in a paroxysm
 of blind excitement, assailed our press." Ii
 1 auinot be that in the nineteenth century, it
 i the face of a world struggling f or f ree
 thought, fte* 1 speech, free action, and kwhing
 |up to tbi* Jh pubitc for examine and en
 couragutosat, a free jirces should he put down
 by violence in the capital cuy «f this Re
 j public.

 f Samuel li*oo*&gt;\—lt 1* a long inns MMe
 wc had a note from this devoted friend of Um
 slave. We hope bis how yet abides is
 j M'cngth; that be is stiU m the noble service,
 resdy, able, and determined to work for tbs
 good cause, while life shall bo voudutafed to
 him. Never were hi* services more needed
 ihsn now. We long to see him again in the
 field, leading on jest such as army as be had
 the honor to marshal last summer. We won
 to see northern Ohio agitated as he eae do it,
 with faithful men good and true. If we do
 net bear Irian him/ww, wc shall call louder
 before lung.
Tin ArtHknif Mnrfsri
 to tie Strain* far
 ig^p^tant
 tor, with tie n— JouaMkltu
 Low ell, as Corresponding Editor.
 1 Mi. l»weU‘s osimbvuoes will be weekly.
 aa«l over kit own initial*.
 Emnrso Qtriwcr. whose letter* from Bos
 km are already knows to. awl appisrjaiqd kjr
 our readers, wilf ewrtinac our regular Atfm
 CWrcflMedbrt. A letter from him will be
 t PTWBBWI crctj
 r Oar Dublin Conemooleat, B. Wk*»,
 will teep tw informed of the condition ot
 r Ireland, sod the state of Europe generally,
 „!«s heretofore, by regular commuaicatioti*,
 twice each ewMh.
 We bare the promise, also, of occtsirertd
 letter* from two well known friend* of the
 cause, who will leave this country on the
 first of Jane, (or Europe.
 With tmeh a Hat of regular fontributart to
 ira columns, in addition to theoe who favor uc
 i w»th ocension.il oornm unicat ion*, we at eonfi
 deat that the Standard will be worthy of, and
 we trust will receive, the hearty support ol
 every friend of the American Anti-Slavery
 j-| Sori«*fy. We are certainly speaking within
 bounds, when we say, that no volume, siner
 its establishment, has been commenced undei
 more favorable auspices. The engagement
 !of Mr. Eiwcll, whose reputation aa a poet,
 _ j and a reviewer, is secoud to no other in this
 country, we esteem as a most fortunate on*
 for the paper and the cause which it advo
 cates. And it is net improper to say here,
 that the frequent quotations which are ma&lt;k
 i from the letters of out Boston and Dublin cor
 j rensmndento, are the beet proof of the esteem
 i in which they are held by ear oontemporviei
 of the press.
 Two years since, the price of the Stand
 ard was put at 1 per annum, in the hope ol
 an increased circulation. The success of the
 experiment has not been such as to justify, in
 .1 the opinion of the Committee, the eontinutUon
 i of these terms, in view of the increased ex
 j |&gt;enditure involved in the new arrangement,
 i The subscription-price, therefore, will be
 j raised, at the. commencement of the new vol
 ume, to its former rate of two dollars per
 annum payable in adv.tnce. The new ar
 -1 rangentent commences immediately, hut the
 price will not be raised till the Ist of June.
 All subscribers who have already paid in ad-
 I vanoe for the next volume, will receive the
 paper, till the close of their year at the old
 price. All whose year commences before the
 j close of the present volume, and who pay be
 fore the change is made, will receive the paper
 I to the close of their year, at 1 per annum
 j But ail who do not pay before the Ist of June,
 whose subscription commences at that time.
 and have not already paid, will pay the new
 j price of 2 per annum.
THE NORTH STAR.
ROCHESTER, APRIL 28, 1&amp;18.
France.
 AJI eyes continue fixed upon France and
 I her infant republic, the offspring of liei
 recent revolution. The voluminous news
 i from that quarter do not satisfy, so much as
 strengthen curiosity. The more we know,
 the more we want to know, and the Wore
 need we have of knowing. Thanks to steam
 navigation ahd electric wires, we may almost
 i hear the words uttered, and s„*c the deeds
 1 done, as they transpire. A revolution now
 cannot be confined to the place or the peojrie
 where it may commence, but flashes witfc
 lightning speed from heart to heart, from land
 to land, till it has traversed the globe, com
 pelling all the members of our common bro
 therhood at once, to pass judgment uj&gt;on its
 j merits. The revolution of France, like
 bolt of living thunder, has aroused the world
 from its stupor. All are up and inspecting
 the scene. Various are the views, and mill
 i gled are the emotions which it has created
 The despots of Europe—the Tories of Eng
 land, and the slaveholders of America, ari
 i
 astonished, confused, and terrified; while itu
 1 humble poor, the toil-worn laborer, the op
 pressed and plundered, the world around
 have heard with exultation the glorious peal
 and are looking forward with ardent hopes tt
 the glorious results of which this event is bu
 I the commencement.
 I Simultaneously with the fall and crash o
 royalty in France, a terrible noise rung oui
 from the galling chains of fettered millions h
 our own Luid, a ray of hope penetrated th&lt;
 lowest confines of American slave prisons
 imparting firmness of faith to the whip-scarred
 slave, and fear and trembling to the guihj
 slaveholder. The pent-up fires of freedon
 still live, and though bound dowu by tbt
 strata of tyranny for ages, the sovereign ele
 ment will burst all fettets. Thank God fen
 the event Slavery cannot always reign.
 We occasionally see in our exclumges sur
 prise and mortification expressed that few 01
 no demonstrations of sympathy with France
 are held in the various parts of oar widdj
 extended country. Wc would most respect
 fully ask, What sympathy have freemen wit!
 tyrants How can the latter congratulate
 the former! What concord has hypocritica
 piety with infidel honesty? How cap t
 nation with a manstealer in the presulcutia
 chair, aad manstealers filling every other de
 partnunt of the government —a nation tm
 corrupt and too mean to be fairly represent**
 by any other than a thief and a robber, *ympa
 thise with a government which has just com
 into existence with the glorious motto
 I 44 Liberty—Equality—Fraternity”? and ha
 proved its sincerity by taking steps for lb
 immediate emancipation of aD its slaves, am
 guaranteeing the right of suffrage to all men
 independent of all complexion*] distinction
 It would be unbecoming us to ejgocd, an
 France to accept our sympathy. A nation c
 w lute men addressing 44 colored men 44 m
 grot*,” as 44 C Miaous, friend*, and brothers,’
 ought Dot to expect much, and do not expec
 much sympathy from nation which pro
 scribes, insults, plunders and enslaves th
 black man, in its wry capital. ShouM w
 venture into Washington to-morrow, a felon'
 doom awaits us for no earthly crime that nr
 hare committed, than that we are the ehil
 of a white man by a cofeted mother. Whii
 we write this, a paper ban keen handed a
 containing a detailed account of the aim
 aud imprisonment an Washington of seventy
 seven sis von, fee an attempt to swops fro*
 the bad of slavery to a bod a liberty; aw
 for helping these men to recaps, three whit
 American citmme are confined in an Amen
 ean dungeon. In view of three facts, mm
 the overwhelming me, that within fifteei
 States of this boasted republic, nearly oae
 half of the people are held in the Bias
 grievous nod rivalling butdage»«»d that lb
«We Uyopji M|nwiP"Jff JilhT #k
 'psSnwfSff
 I for cowardice,) to'invjh F«4*l m ‘*h
 «Ut« s I T» their l««t I?
 tfmpotbt* withTranre her straggles for
 s republic.
 There are only tfrorisasrsin th» country
 who are ia a poritioo sincerely to sympathise
 wtth France m her present giorkm straggle
 I ia hohalf of liberty, pad these are the qrgfoea
 and AhohtMPMnN. *We here eaose »rejoice
 of sincerity. AH olhera stand rebuked by
 her eoMe example. The American people
 do not—cannot sympathise with any great
 movement in behalf of freedom, while fifteen
 States of the Fnioo are uilhskvery.
 It is an incubus upon their spirits—a standing
 a constant reproach Jobson**,
 when the rotes of Irishmen me wasted, a
 slight demonstration can be aaada m behalf at
 teponi; and when the Roman CmhoUe into
 eoee ia nseded, sympathy meetings ran be
 j held fur Pope Pins IX.: but all intelligent
 men know, that this is mere sham—the most
 misrrabte gammon. The feet is, while Eu
 rope is becoming republican, we aie becoming
 i despotic; while France is contending for
 freedom, we are extending slavery; while
 the former are struggling to free the {ness,
 j we are by mobs aad penal enact
 ments, to fetter it. Whils France is expet
 liog tyrants, are are glorifying them, aad
 seeking to elevate them to die highest offices.
 There is no sympathy that can be called
 national, for France, and we ought to be
 ashamed to affect it. We believe that Louit
 Philippe would be welcomed in Washington
 with far more demonstrations of regard than
 I Lamartine. We love tyrants and hate free
 men.
 The Stneben Courier.
 Frederick Douglass.—lt will be recol
 lected that this colored gentleman, accom
 panied by Hathaway and Kcinond, was in this
 place some two weeks since, lecturing at
 Slavery, and getting subscribers to the Nortl
 Star, an Abolition piper published at Roches
 ler, of which Douglass is editor. In the lasi
 number of this paper, we discover a somewhai
 flattering notice of' our village and its inhabit
 ants. Among other things, it is alleged thai
 we have just completed an elegant Unior
 School house—that the blacks have been taxet
 equally with the whites for its construction, al
 of which is true and that recently a petitior
 to exclude the ch Idren of the blacks from al
 participation in the benefits of the school, has
 been circulated, and numerously signed by
 the white inhabitants, which is not true. Nr
 such petition lias been circulated or signed by
 any one. It is, however, the intention of the
 Trustees to exclude from the Union School
 —though not from the advantages of a good
 and what is more, a free school, the childrer
 of the blacks—and these facts were well
 known to Mr. Douglass. The State has
 wisely made some provision for the education
 of the blacks, in places like our own, w here
 they arc somewhat numerous, by appropri
 ating $72 a year for ihe. support of a school
 for their exclusive benefit during six months
 of the year, while our village Trustees have
 I employed a competent teacher at some $25
 j per mouth, and the amount beyond the sura
 appropriated bv the state is paid-out of the
 village Treasury, so that in fact the blacks oj
 this village are schooled at the public ex
 pense.
 Had Mr. Douglass stated the whole truth
 l instead of designedly s uppressing a material
 1 portion of it, there would have been less
 I occasion for lus crocodile tears, and his fierce
 denunciations against the inhabitants ol
 Bath.
 We do not justify the principle of excluding
 colored children from the Uuion School upon
 any other ground than mere expediency. We
 have lived king enough to take the world as il
 i is and things as they exist; and we are fully
 satisfied that the admission of negro children
 into the Union School, with the whites, would
 prove fatal to its prosperity, and the result ol
 the experiment of a Union School would be a
 complete failifre. 'Die course contemplated
 i will undoubtedly be better for all concerned,
 No pecuniary injustice has been done or is
 premeditated towards the blacks, for tin
 I whites pay much more towards the schooling
 of their children in a separate school, than
 they pay for the building of our School
 House.
 The denunciation in the same article of one
 of our respectable clergymen, as a sell
 righteous ruffian,” is an exhibition of taste on
 the part of Mr. Doughs*, which shows the
 want of an early education.
 i It was doubtless necessary for the editoi
 to qualify the gentleman with the word
 44 colored.” It would have been quite out ol
 character to have said, this gentleman.”
 The statement pronounced untrue, was made
 to us frequently while in Bath, and by persons
 j of the first respectability. On their authority
 i we made it at several meetings in the {dace,
 and solicited a denial, if any could be made.
 None was made, and we therefore believed it
 true; and our editor will pardon us, if we
 Micro that still, his assertion of its untruth
 nevertheless. The expression that 44 no pecu
 niary injustice will be done to the' colored
 citizens of Bath, will be duly appreciated
 both by our readers and the colored people
 j themselves. The promise from such a quar
 ter is not to b 3 relied on. The men that ean
 take our money to build school-houses, under
 the pretence that th- school-house is for the
 common good of all, and then exclude os,
 are not the persons in whose promises we
 i con confide. 44 No pecuniary injustice” The
 1 community that can degrade our children,
 1 stamp them with inferiority and unfitness to he
 j taught in the same schools with white efaild
 rsn, ha* done more positive injury, than any
 I pecuniary injustice could infect. Yes; you
 j are going lo educate us—going to educate,
 and at 44 your own expense.” Wo say foi
 ourself, and we believe we speak the senti-
 I merits of the colored citisrns of Bath, nfe re
 f podiste all chanty schools for our children
 j We ask no charities at your hands. 44 Gin
 us our rights; we rerfHng more, Lo
 L, the white men of Bath do justice, before foot
 make a parade of being generous to the eulossc
 M people of that place.
 The editor of the Courier has “loomed
 t that he must take ike world os'ke Jmds
 i Tlh sentiment is worthy of all the indolen
 I; flood-wood of aoeyty, 44 Dead fish coo flow
 down the current.” b takes life, activity
 i and a manly courage, to resist passu si evils
 and to make the world bettor. That thi
 editor is dsaritoio sTthsso yishrira. wo few
 i istooevidcwL How maeh of snob msterfal
 1 so tint of whflfc be is mods, wooM it how
 ’tsksnle bring shoot the revolution in Franco 1
 The taunt in the feat sentence as worthy ol
 the mean quarter fiom whence it cremates.
 We have been rubbed Of aa education byths
 proscribing, 4 *een»J attempting tn nosh*
 •aleeed praam from their jut righto cod
jrrmkfct ip the j|j|i school of
 yehhope that Uifpiapfe will show thcteaelvcs
 •a If b*for jig their editor, aadf adbiit
 oolMi ehildttw, «i equal tense with that*
 •m, M»
 fhee th» forrgomg wee written, tie hire
 refSvtd tttf following letter from a highly
 Tcepeciahte otam of Beth, which show s
 with whnm fehetefod rests:
 r r Be-ra, Sfo Apr*, W4B.
 Mb. Fubukk Doctua: Mr Dui Su,
 —I noticed, ia the lest number of the Steo
 bee Cottier, tn attempt on the port oT its
 editor, to invalidate and overthrow the re
 marks yon male in rrjrarl to oar Paw
 school, charging you with fokehond, ic- 1
 therefore seed you the bets, that you may
 reply to them iateUigcntly.
 v h is true, that a petition has been emeu*
 httnd sad wgned by a greet portion of the
 1 inhabitants of the district, the object of which
 1 wae, to jwyyerf the school by a tax upon all
 the property of the district; also to support
 a ryarate school for colored childml. These
 facts can he substantiated by a large number
 of our most respectable inhabitants.
 Yours for equal burdens sod equal rights,
 s s
 Cassius M. Clay.
 The biting letter uf this geutlemaa to his
 aged nssaesake, is producing considerable
 sensation. We shall not be respected of any
 j partiality for Mr. Clay when we »y that the
 1 attack of Cassius is obviously too bitter and
 j malicious to do serious injury to his opponent,
 j or to elevate himself in the estimation of his
 onsntrymen. r If Mr. Clay was the dishonora
 ble knars which Cassius makes him out to
 he, even as far beck as ISM, he makes him
 j self as great a one, in that, he was striving
 j at that very time to persuade ahplitkmists to
 rote for him, and place him in what ought to
 be the highest office in the gift of .the Ameri
 can people. We have no sympathy with
 Cassius. He will betray any man, or any
 cause. Let him go into obscurity, where he
 1 can harm no ouc hut himself.
 i
 Republican America f
 4 As a nation, this country occupiee-in the
 eyes of the people of the old world, an en
 viable position. Our liberty was long since
 achieved wc are free from the yoke of des
 j potism, and have a government we would not
 change; we seek no fundamental alteration
 i of opr constitution. Henceforth this country,
 if its laws are wisely administered, will occu
 py a higher position in the eyes of the people
 i of Europe, than ever before., As the mon
 archies w Inch arc in a transition state,
 1 modify their forms of government, the nearer
 1 i will they approach to that of the United
 States, now a model republic, instead of being,
 as it was long termed, an experiment.
 ITT The above little extract is from the
 American of this city. Enviable position”!
 Liberty long since achieved No alter
 ation of the Constitution 44 Model repub
 lic”! This is mere biag, humbug, and
 hypocrisy. A model republic with one-sixth
 of its people in chains Shame on the lie!
 The ten thousand slave whips which daily
 plough up the living flesh of American wo
 imeu, proclaim the hollow' mockery of our
 republican professions. Go learn of France
 go and be taught by an infant the first prin
 ciples of republicanism, before you utter the
 loul lie that our liberty is achieved, and that
 this is a model republic.
 Fugitive Slaves from Washington.
 The delight with which the lecent recap
 ture of the slaves who escaped from Wash
 ington, is narrated hv the New York Herald
 and papers of that stamp, is absolutely
 infernal. Our blood chills as we contemplate
 the hardness of heart that can tcjoice over ;ut
 event so horrible. Seventy-seven souls, God
 ereated, Christ-redeemed souls, men, women,
 and children, held in a worse than Egyptian
 bondage—a bondage, one hour of which is
 worse than ages of that which our fathers
 rose iu rebellion to oppose, attempt in the
 most harmless way possible, without violence
 i or injury to any one, to gain their freedom,
 of which they have been most unjustly and
 wickedly deprived, and are overtaken by a
 band of armed menhunters, w ho compel them,
 at the musket’s mouth, to surreuder, and
 return to their masters ip chains and fetters,
 thrown into a slave prison, tn be sold like
 blasts in the market; and our grave repub
 lican legislators look on and laugh, while the
 press becomes merry over the scene! Words
 fail us. Shame, eternal shame on such in
 fernal conduct! i
 Comtmbis, April 15, 1848.
 Deae Docclass —1 am now in Columbus,
 I the capital of this State. The last letter I
 wrote to you was from a settlement some 3
 j miles south of Augusta, and being myself
 out of the reach of a post office, it was haod
 *ed to a person to drop into the nearest office,
 which was at Augusta, Carroll county.
 Whether or not it has reached you, I cannot
 say. My second letter to you, written near
 Hanover, was also delivered to a friend for
 mailing. I name these matters in order that
 should there be a retmmneat ia say corre-
 spoodenee, you may know how to account for
 ‘it; for sometimes our situation, and the tegu
 -1 larity of these by-mails are such, that we
 1 must sobs the drat opportunity for mailing out
 letters.
 Sinee I wrote you from Hanover, I have
 held meetings in the following pheco: Ontha
 evening I wrote ia Hanover, in Augusta, at
 the Cyrus Settlement, Shaw's school-house;
 Norristown, Carrollton, Leesburg, New Mar
 ket, New Athens, and Zanesville, at some of
 which places I held several meetings during
 the* day and night. In the neighborhood of
 Hanover and the Cyrus Settlement, there are
 a good number uf colored resuhmls, the most
 of whom are new settlors, but all industrious
 i taad respectable, the greater part formers, and
 j some atechaiuca among them, doing a good
 w—i nmrrr*i«iTnr~ sal I mvanahly
 t {find that the formers sad mechanics among
 &gt;our entered brethren, onrereandthsrerec mil
 respect nf their ncighbres that othnra
 .Their somabthty in canted nat to a reach
 greater extent than possibly could ar would
 be the erae muter other unamttsncrs. ha
 an uaftqquent occurrence for the entered resi
 dents Id reeeire the civilities of tfoair white
 oeftra* whde such at
 doing thsir interior domestic ttfces, they are
 neither noticed ant ttereght «C 1 wish to
 hsasaa that amrtetthwa weald sue teas matter
Of dllifiiMii l tatfifciiMtfMbnrf,
 ft! Curd county, is thtf nmre Abolhioniard.
 |ven Sdto rtfMl tw&lt; wii it. Here
 slopped wtfh our afok friend J. W Walker,
 who is doing a nfofc with that
 atceOflot bu, friend Shelby, also Jacob
 MiUisack, and the I* Sous and Piughters oi
 Freedom,” a most flourishing and excelleui
 Aatr'Sforery Association.
 Is Walker’s parlor hang the fidlowing or*
 oameets around the walls. 1 give them in
 the order in which they hang Rev. O. Scott
 Frederick Douglass, Benjamin Lundy, Germ
 Smith, Wra. W. Brown, Lucrctia Mott,\V ea
 deft Phillips, Branding Sfoves* on the'roast rt
 Africa, George Thompson, Hie llutclaiwona,
 Abby Kelly Foster, Wm. Lloyd Gwmaon,
 The Puritans hanging a eat on Monday kn
 lulling n fwt on Sunday! Cassius M. (lay
 head downwards.
 Such so influence has spread
 over the place, that it has-embraced all, 01
 nearly so, of the respectable young people ol
 the village, who take as much pride iu calling
 themselves Abolitionists as they possibly
 could of any popular title of the time-serving,
 pro-slavery mini*ms of the land. Abolition
 with them is fashionabk. It is true there are
 some pro-sbveites in the place, but like “be«
 without a sting,” they hum, but cannot hurt,
 Leesburg is the first and only town that 1
 have been in in Ohio, where the miserable
 effort at disparagement was not attempted
 towards me; if it were, the serpent is so
 nearly strangled, that his hissing cannot b«
 heard. Thanks, for this, to Walker, Shwlby,
 Milliaack, and the Daughters and Sons ol
 Freedom, h i» heartily consoling to us way
 worn laborers in the cause of humanity, espe
 cially those identified with the slave, to find
 on entering a place, that instead of b.ring
 overburdened and weighed down, our hands
 arc held up. To me, it is really cheering.
 In Zanesville, I lectured to our colored
 brethren, they aloue appearing to take an ac
 tive interest in the anti-slaveiy effort. I held
 two meetings, and though there is quite a
 large population of them, 1 regret to say,
 that the young people do not present that
 promising feature, the foreboding of elevation,
 of useful and respectable attainments that it
 so desirable. The elder among the people,
 appear to hold their own there licing some
 few mechanics, business-men and farmers ;u
 and about the place, who have continued
 steadily forward but the young men aud wo
 men generally do not appear to iia\e an am
 bition above a private-house, hotel-table, oi
 body servaut! The old may do, but if tbt
 young come not up with superior advantages
 j according to the superior opportunities, ad
 1 vantages or qualifications ade*piate to the do
 i mands of future society and posterity, wlion
 they arc to head as leaders and advisers, wi
 must sink inevitably down into buibarism am
 J obscurity, worse by far, if possible, than tin
 j present. The thought is enough almost U
 arouse our sepulchrefffathers aud mother
 from their oriental catecouTbw! There are u
 course two or three exceptions on the part o
 the young men, which we cheerfully make
 j but do not know of tine among the young
 women. If in this wo are wrong, thankful!}
 and gladly will wo receive correction.
 At Shaw 's school-house, iu the Cyrus Set
 tlement, I had the worst and only disorder]}
 meeting of any that I have as yet held in
 this State, although a professedly Quakei
 Settlement.” It is true, that so far ns the
 aged who were present were concerned, they
 were respectful and attentive; but the bids,
 girls and youth, being by far the majority,
 showed neither respect for ihe speaker, thoit
 parents, nor regard for the slave. Certainly
 their parents must hare felt the keen rebuke
 giveu them !»v these ill-behaved youth, far the
 lack of good breeding manifested by lb *m.—
 Several of the old persons endeavored to re
 prove them, but iheir admonitions were ridi
 culed. It is but just to state, that the h- td -rs
 of this conduct were a certain Robert Shaw,
 a man of family and a famr r, also a colored
 mau by the name of McPherson both, el
 coarse, rank pro-slavery. The conduct ol
 these men, especially the man Shaw, was in
 sulting. Yoke these two colo-td and white
 wretches together, as the enemies of mail's
 best interests, and lash them naked through
 the world.”
 There are a large number of respectable
 and well-doing colored people in Columbus,
 i some (piite wealthy, among whom are many
 good mechanics, who find constant emp! y
 ntent aud plenty to do. Several are proprie
 tors of business, and others find no difficulty
 in getting employment among their while
 fellow-citizens. The most prominent of these
 tradesmen arc shoe makers, carpenters, paint
 ’ere, of whom there is a very large number,
 plasterers, bricklayers, and several other*.—
 There are mauy owners of real estate in this
 city, decidedly wore for the size of the place
 and number of the people, than any place i
 have ever yet visited. These things tqeak
 well for the spirit and industry of the colored
 Columbians, and I have keen thus explicit in
 naming them, because, in my judgment, they
 are among the essential means by which, as a
 nominally free but oppressed people, we are
 to be elevated. We rmut become mechanics
 —wc most become tradesmen —we must be
 come farmers—we must be educated if w e ever
 expect to become elevated, even after we have
 1 gained our liberty. I ds nut desire it to l*
 thought that I look upon these things as es
 sential to foerty and freedom as such, as
 fundamental basis, but 1 wish to be distinctly
 understood when 1 repeat that they are eaten
 lia) to elevation. Whatever is necessary for
 others, is necessary for us. These things are
 1 accessary for the elevation of others,
 they are necessary for our elevatioo. 1 would
 that our people could lie made sensible ol
 three fools, and fewer «f them would be found
 in the domestic departments of hotels and
 private fowiltre, an a matter of choice, than
 these am* are.
 1 shwdd have mated that there mo a as*
 bar of possums in fens city who own good
 (anas in theeooatrf.
 The cause of education among them is ikx
 so feroasd as 1 coold wish, hot they ace gen
 erally mtettfsat, having two or three good
 crmmwm reboots, snpprered ready hy them
 •afore, foe edaws previsions of the infernal
 MaeMaw* prfottalfcg a large portion of tht
 colored children feocn a port irepat too in thi
 haanlii of the Blale school fund, ao pcuvided
 hy law. The km msaine of iho Uyiskirre
 ■redo a kkd of ptreimaa, phieh m ao pee
 VMHfofo #Wrere Ift Wen njim.. Lt I m
 vismwHre WWW BldH WWifi mm* vwvwJUCIPM
 foal foe dose agaisat foe coJo.rd fo
years. The act provide* that where
 ere less than twenty colored children in an?
 school district, they may enter th&lt;? mu:.*
 school hr that district with the %h:** eh:J.!rf n
 enjoying all the privilege* of the school, p
 Tided there is no objection or» the par: of *r,y
 white tax-payer, or any person send.ng IA
 children to the saiwr acliool f In a wo?d
 there must be an uiiammious consent of a .j
 tho tax-payers and parents who send children
 in that district, before a colored child can bj
 permitted to go. In all cast s whore ther are
 over twenty colored children, they rr.tn it
 a separate school, with their own directors
 and teachers, when the Pint? will allow to ha
 appropriated the amount of school lax d
 ion tho number of colored reside*.is ui ibatci*.
 tnct to said colored school, which assessment,
 I hare learned on unpnrf, in the senooi dj.*-
 jltfct h&gt; the State, wdl he snfScicni for the
 education of one dozen of children one
 quarter
 With the present prejudices of the whites,
 according to this act of the Legislature t.f
 Ohio, cannot every one ace that no colored
 children will ever be educated in the common
 schools of Ohio The tendency of the act
 is to deceive, the common people, and lull ho
 an indifference the colored people thcmsclvo,
 land the friends of freedom at. A equal rights,
 i by inducing them to b« lieve that equal justue
 had been done to the colored people, la t
 their acts of Wtckcdnca* and despotism b»*
 exposed upon the house top, until they shall
 learn to respect the rights of man, and ad
 minister equal and even-handed justice US
 ail.
 The females among tlie colored people,
 also manv. are doing their raft. There are
 two teachers, and many seamstresses among
 them, who make their livelihood by their pro
 fession. This also is praiseworthy. Tho
 population of Columbus is lb,ooo souls col
 ored 1,000, or one-tenth of the whole city.—
 Anti-Slavery appears to be at low tide here,
 except among the colored people, and even
 some of them are pro-slavery. This, however,
 in the main, 1 look upon as more the effects of
 ignorance than wickedness. They require
 anti-slavery light doubtless.
 Mondiy, ApHI 17th. A'isited th#* Blind
 Asylum; Supcrintendant, Mr. McMiMen.—
 This gentleman has recently taken charge of
 the institution, auu is quite polite. The in
 mates number OH pnpils—young w omen and
 men, lads and lasses. Among them, at.d de
 cidedly the lu.i st attractive and intelligent, is
 Lucinda Shaw, from Pickaway county. She
 acted as my gaule and conductur, (this being
 her office,) taking me through all jr.rt? *:f ll
 Asylum, showing me everything eot.net U.A
 with it. AV.e would scarcely believe with
 what facility she trips from tomii.io room, ami
 apuitmeu; to apaitmeut, tolling to a cettuii.ty
 I what is curried "on here and what iheie, joii.t
 ,ving out the* different articles, distinguishing
 ilieir quality, aud naming their prices. \Y|,*-.i
 ascending or descending a stairway, especially
 j- the latter, 1 invariably fund myself tar mil's-
 Tear, and her waiting at the threshla.M fi r n-v
 arrival She sang for my entertain!! cut, at &lt;1
 plavcd sweetly upon tho piano. Hu r-iciig
 wns painfully diet live—- her fist air I m g il
 HoM&gt;butl,” sonic of tic words if whim
 lamented its being nq cd in the Lut!,’* ci
 ir. as it did at the instant of the reception of
 1 the intelligence of the death of r.iv ihur liu.e
 j daughter, appeared like piercing uiv heart
 with a goU’tu s| ear, or riddin g my breast
 with prawns stem s It seemed isil 11 h
 the innocent and unconscious young I.ucir.da,
 seh-ctod that song intentionally, it v\: j an
 fully singt.lar hi w 1 enjoyed it. Iwi itlilih t
 she had sut g it again, and yet i would
 that she had not sung it at all. The ii.st:lr
 tion is wrell-ronducted, wi-11-fi.niishi d aid
 handsome the pupils all well dro-n!. lc:-.u
 and cheerful. L\ tv. batmer the other ruei' s
 of tins institution, the jo&lt; r blind color- d
 youth can find no sympathy there.
 This evening, delivered a lecture bofuie u
 institution of colojed ladies an,l gentlemen.—
 Tn-umirow tuning to lecture in tl.o Colored
 .M. llodist Church.
 Tuesday evenirg, April 18th, Ic-cUned in
 i the colored M.-thodist Church, to a toleiahlo
 audience, There is wane pro-s’au ry among
 1 the colored tuple nere, apd, 1 am fearful, not
 the best of union. But of this I may j rohably
 1 speak again. I leave for irclevillc and Chi-
 I lecofhe.
 Vouis for Cod and humanity,
 M. IL I).
 j P. B.—There has been a fall of snow, and
 a cold north-westerly winterly blast. Great
 fears for the fruit.
 M. R. V.
 I “iLLVHTitAiicss or American Slavery.”
 —This is the expressive title of a small sheet
 j issued monthly from 5 SununcrhiU Grove,
 I Newcastle-upon-Tyne. England, made up of
 (facts aud statements selected tic m A memoirs
 .newspapers. The purpose of us yebWaiiou
 is, to supply the Btnkut press with so easy
 mode of keeping the subject of slavery before
 the British public. *S«*ne eighty newiqiaper
 conductors had expressed their willingness to
 copy lrrnn its columns, before we left Eng
 land. A\ e deem it an important instrutnen
 lality. Let slaveholders at the South, ar«l
 pro-slavery men at the North, know tliat their
 &lt;beds are not bid, but proclaimed upon tho
 ho use-top*. We commend the recent re
 capture #f slaves in Washington, aiimiltaoo
 ouaiy with onr sympathy with France, to
 the British purees. Let the damning deed go
 round.
 lit Ttmxso* Family.—W« hate just re
 ceived a letter from two members of this
 swert-singing faintly, suggesting the propriety
 of holding in New York, some time during
 the at nirersarirs in May, a grand sjmpathv
 meeting with France, at which the tree
 fqends of fm-doro may utter themselves freely
 .and without reserve on th« great subject of
 t human rights. In o»u view, s«h a meeting,
 j were there freedom enough leA us to buhl it,
 (mould be of groat value; and we hope, at
 tea*, that it wiH he attempted. We shall
 try to he there. The Hwichiaato family •om»
 heck from Washington whh their hmrur of
 siavwy deepened, and their determination t*
 battle for enwmei potion revived and increased.
 jThey will be at the sympathy meeting, should
 tt be held.
 l 1 11 j j !_■■■ *9. ym
 TO COUUCtIfO.UDLATn.
 j JUjf- fhihddphia. —1 Uh and Jilt in* re*
 j Rsadidplt.-.210 meiud. TWu,
 j 1. B. B.,C*amiki(in. I!««pc U&gt; ruwpK
 J. W.,(Martin,~t&lt;h|i its!., pudul’j *r»
 knwV^rl,
"
