"poetry.
I' f the Worth Suf.
 HVMN TO LIBEftTY.
 Hark! bark! fruk! Uri!
 Prom tin* ilrrp wiolf, dim and dark.
 Over the mxmtaia’s craggy r.rrM,
 lk»wn to t!»-' Um&gt; ira'i billowy
 P-jM* the ihoal nfVktnrj
 A 14'vwfl’vi* »*r, n minim strife,
 !tii ujxin; &lt;i( one hnman life;
 No cU«!wiu sword, no gloaming apenr,
 No Moron M ferr,
 (fell the shout of Libert)
 Thi* write* the slnmhmngcibos* n*md,
 SH.uting at the welcome soowd;
 This hi.!# the valley* ell rvjoicr,—
 This give* the guardian hill* a voice:
 I tail to the (iaddeas Liberty!
 Raiae the gbd aon; from el lore to shore,
 Af. k’» dark eon# are stare* a* mare!"
 Wnforl the tniner of the free,—
 l&lt;rt the wile word approving ere
 The glorious front of Libert)!
 Leicester. (Eng.) fT/.Jt
 From die Tnr Democrat.
 THE LAND OF LIBERTY.
 “Ought we mi to lie thankful that wc liTe in
 Un where the people are all free!”
 A ’dfree! Oil say th.it not again—
 *Tis such a bitter morkciy;
 Fliree uilllmw liow beneath a -triin*
 This, this a kurd wtiere all are free!
 All free! vain Ivmatrr, east thine ryea
 Over the SHrtlierii sunny plains:
 lfeni’st tlrai no wail of sorrow ri-e!
 Ilear’st nought of scrvitulc and r I tains!
 Have all die free loin God lias given!—
 All diainleaa a* tin air of heaven!
 L**k where you dark-Jirnwed mother slan ts,
 List to her sobs -of deep distress;
 IL-liold tier weep and wring her hands,
 With a bereaved tan ’s bitterness.
 Her halie. Iter darling child is sold,
 ller only loved, h-r precious one!
 '1 o feed th’ accursed love of &lt;r u i.J_
 Her only loved, her precious one?
 Tlii ik you hn Voice would swell the cry,
 This is a lam! of lilierty
 Turning to e’en your vaunted North,
 l la: lb m mi s bhghtiitg breath is tliere;
 Hi* dying victims hasten f.rlh,
 I o breathe lb it.umia's freer air.
 A our country’s native sons are driven,
 To seek lieneath a foreign sky,
 Hif birthright C»od to all lias given,.
 Tile priceless boon of lihcrtv!
 A'forei ;n km I removes the bun,
 Tile limit'd slave lieromos a man! 1
 Tfien mock not Truth and Freedom tlms,
 Gall not (his guilty nation free,
 W Ini. 1 1 lowed lieneath that blighting etiii«e,
 Her bondmen's prayers responti to thee,
 Rut nither strive thou bol lly ever,
 'i\i make thy country .just ami good,
 Oppression’s g iliing links to sever,
 An I stay the crimson tide of blood:
 So may’st thou soun I thy country’s faine,
 Aa.l glory in lier spotless name.
 FELICIA.
 TiviNSBURo, 0., April, IS4B.
 THOUGHTS IN SPRING.
 BY HENRY U. HIRST.
 It i# tlw s;iri tg time. A aried tiowers arc sending
 ‘I Te ir ne w-b &gt;rn otlors on the sighing breeze,
 ’l'he sun its brightness from tl»c sky is lending,
 Flinging its ki.sses.4o the Innkfing trees,
 Anil Nature, lovely Nature, fair doth saem,.
 As the creation ol a poet’s dream.
 Hie robi i’s mellow strain in wild notes gushes
 From the-snow blossoms of the apple-tree;
 The rat-bird’s scolding from the leafy busbes,
 The wren’s low music thrilling comes to me,.
 Seeming tin* hym is of Nature freely given,
 As stainless offerings of its praise to Heaven.
 Earth is a sea of verdure. Blossoms springing,
 All gem-like dewy from the velvet sod,
 Like \vhis|M*re i ineloily their |M*rfunn* flinging,
 Faith’s alia red inreuse rising up to God—
 hose word I read in tliere, as in his book,
 A\ licoe’c tlieir lieautic* meet my eager look.
 Tlirougli laughing verdure silvery is straying.
 Reflecting, mirror-like, the jure calm sky,
 A bahbling stream, o’er rock a id liclieu playing,
 Sweet as tlie softness of a loved one’s sigh,
 Final big along witJi harmony as rife
 As pass the I lours in some briglit day of life.
 1 lie river far away is cnlmlv stealing,
 Through its green Rinks all glittering with ligl*;
 Like beaming fancies in tbe poet’s feeling,
 Win. worships ever all that’s fair and Right,
 Creating images that living start
 Warm from the g ulling -.of his burning heart.
 Yes! this is spring time, mild and glorious spring,
 W lien earth is like a paradise, and gay
 With birds, and buds, and flowers, ami everything.
 Whose beauties serve to gil 1 awhile life’s clay,
 Bidding hearts revel in enjoyment wild,
 Making one happy even ava. child.
 From tlie People’s Pfes*.
 THE THINGS I LOVE.
 BY HENKT H. GARNET.
 I love to Jicur the summer sigh,
 W hen I am wamiering in tlie dale,
 I love to see die clear blue skv,
 W heu breadies Ui« gale.
 I or t leu I think of Inc-gone years,
 Aial yout iful days I e’er must love,
 And wi,ic array the falling tears,
 As ou I rove.
 I love to sit In si !e the hill,
 li n ll n ks are hastening home,
 And Ix-nr the sound of music sin ill
 I roiu cjitajji; dome.
 1 l ive tin- sweet and downy night,
 When all tin* stars do softly sing,
 And scatter forth their |&gt;eaily light,
 And praise liwir King.
 Tis sweet, ’ll* sweet at early dawn
 To breathe tlie |mre and balmy air,
 Ait! meet out God at day’s first dawn,
 Itl fervent prayer.
 I love to see in workl* afar,
 Some blazing meteor ikteliiug In,
 Or vieiv tiic twinkling evening star
 Iw y oitder sky.
 •Sweet is the ralm.suUluiug I vc
 Ttiat’s felt in srfeitl twilight hour,.
 Whilst listening to tin* pt.iiirtiyr dove.
 In some lone bower.
 I love tu wi teomr toil aud pain*.
 Earth’* cruel bitter hnrad,
 That not a man may wear a chain,
 WUca I am daud..
 And oh, I lovr Uj think that sunn.
 My W*-ur\ soul sfiall find tta rrst, 1
 Ar.d All Imytri di lie tiwued to tV.oi|
 lu ti ii poot hrisist.
5* ItfftM.
 ,vHi
 -fnMB Hie Era. 4
 *r. domikuow
 Tttt Mi*Rrr»tsEmTAtiox.
 April 3d, 1848, Mr. Bayly, #f
 ginia, in the House of Representatire*
 in renlying to Mr. Gi&lt;Minga, *aid:
 But he would give the profenet
 philanthropist from Ohio one iiv-tino
 —-a horrible inatancc it was when
 this process of. universal emancipatioi
 was done at a blow, with a single das!
 of the pen: it was tl.e well-known ca»
 of St. nominee. Then (Its thing ha&lt;
 been effected by the busy interfiled
 dling of visionary fanatics, just as i
 was now sought to be done by the gen
 tlemon from Ohio and his associates.**-
 There was then a band of fanatics ii
 London, who met in the Old Jewry
 and who passed resolations very simila
 to the amendment it was now sought t&lt;
 foist on the pending resolution.
 It was then proposed to aid thew
 i negroes with men and money in i
 jstruggle for their freedom; and simila
 resolutions were at the same timi
 adopted. mv France by an associu
 tron similar to that to which the gentle
 man and his abolition friends beJnngct
 among us. These fanatical visionanci
 set the revolt of the blacks in St. Do
 juiingo in motion; their machination:
 succeeded in exciting a servile insur
 rection, in the course of which ever}
 white man, and woman, and child in th&lt;
 island were massacred, with the excep
 tion of a small remnant, who fled to Um
 shipping in the harbor, and barely es
 caped with their lives. Whole heca
 tombs of dead bodies were piled up ir
 the streets, amid burning, murder, anc
 pillage. Nay, so great was the fury ol
 'the blacks, that their rage and revenge
 could not glut themselves with the
 butchery of every white person, (an&lt;3
 they found no diihculty in drauing that
 line of distinction which the gentlcmar
 thought so great a mystery; it was no
 problem to the negrees;) but they thee
 turned upon (lie muluttocs and extermi
 nated them. They seemed to hate ev
 ery human creature that had white blood
 in his veins with a bitterness that had
 i no parallel, unless in the breast of the
 member from Ohio.”
 Mr. Bayley,just before making these
 statements, remarked, that the “House
 knew very well that he was not in the
 I habit of speaking of w’hat he had not
 looked into, or of making assertions
 without knowing on what they were
 founded.” We shall soon demonstrate
 to the satisfaction of every reader, we
 enre not what his prepossessions, that,
 in regard to St. Domingo, Mr. Bayly
 has made assertions which he cannot
 prove, and spoken on a subject without
 j knowing anything about it, if we may
 judge by the extract above quoted.
 His loose declamation, we presume,
 was stimulated by an editorial ih the
 National Intelligencer, which appeared
 on the morning of the day when the
 speech was made, betraying a similar
 misunderstanding of the subject re
 ferred to:
 La Amis des JVotr*,” says the In
 telligencer, having, in the old Revo
 lution, just as they have done now, pro
 cured the passage of a decree to the
 same effect as that to which wc have
 referred, the Government of their prin
 ciple colony, (St. Domingo,) knowing
 that the decree was one of desolation
 and death to them and theirs, made by
 persons who either knew not, or were
 reckless what they were doing,hesitated
 to carry into effect. Impatient of the
 delay, Les JVbt’rr took the execution of
 it in their own hands.”
 The assertion is here made that a
 decree for the immediate abolition of
 j slavery in the French Colonies was pro
 cured by La Amis des JVoirs and
 I that from this sprung the horrors of St.
 Domingo. It is utterly groundless, as
 we shall presently show.
 One word in regard to the “Amis des
 jJVbii**”— fanatical visionaries,” “an
 j association similar to that which the
 gentleman from Ohio and his Abolition
 I friends belong among us,” says Mr.
 Bayly. The leader of this Abolition
 association, of these “fanatical vision
 aries,- whose machinations succeed
 ed in exciting a servile insurrection,”
 was Lafayette, the friend and ally of
 America, whose full-length portrait, in
 the Hall of the House, was looking
 down on the man who ventured to stig
 matize him as a fanatic. Lafayette,
 Condorcet, Brissot, and the Abbe Gr
 egoire, were tho controlling spirits of
 La Amis des JVoirs. This is a mat
 ter of history, into which, we presume, i
 the gentleman from Virginia had never
 looked.
 PRELIMINARY.
 We now ask the attention of our
 readers, especially the Southern por
 tion of them, w hile wc present a record
 well authenticated facts in relation
 to the horrors ot St. Domingo.” Wei
 have carelully examined standard au
 thorities upon the subject, and if Mr.
 Bayly or the Intelligencer choose to
 question our statements, there is not a
 member of Congress who may not veri
 fy them by consulting the several
 volumes treating of St. Domingo, in the
 Library of Congress. It is a shame
 j that the American people should permit
 i their minds to be abused by the incon
 siderate, reckless assertions of men.
 either too prejudiced or too carr
 ies* to examine, before they presume to
 assert.
 The population of St. Domingo in
 1789 was estimated as follows:
 In the French Section.
 S' h ,CB i 30,826
 Free colored,
 sl,ve 463,139
 Total, 5*23,803
 Sp&amp;iit&amp;lt Suhon.
 Free people of ail colors,
 Slaves, 30,000
 Total, 15*2,640
 Grand total, 1*43,000;
 Never was there a more heteroge
 neous and inflammable population. Tt*.
 white* were divided into three classes'
 —the creole planters, or large proprie
 tors, constituting the native aristocracy
 the European residents, couijxjsing the
 office-holders, adventurers, specula
 tors; and the petits tilnncs, tho poorer
 whites, tradesmen, mechanic*. Em.b
rn«KKiut»W of nftet itt lU h—do of the
 feuroftas, add KgarM wiflij»ssf*mMl
 contemp t the totter order' or Whites;
 who* in (heir turn looked up with sullen
 envy at the ostestatiQUS display of the
 planters.
 Thesa classes had MMMM feeling in
 common; and that wan, a mort impfaea
 hlc abhorrence of Che rnulattoe* orftee
 I colored people, who, it is state &lt;l, ow ned
 5! one-third of the real estate and
 one-fourth of the personal property of
 i the island. Nets it standing this, &lt;l*7
 i were considered as public property;
 compelled to do aoy kind of public ser-
 I vice without compensation; degraded
 and insulted in every possible way,
 t short of absolute enslavement.
 The sfevea, or negroes were idost
 brutally treated in the French part rtf
 the island. This is the testimony of all
 who have written upon the subject.—
 r; masses of them consisted of
 Africans recently imported, who still
 retained the heathenish superstitions
 and usages of their mother country,
 t It is obvious that whatever temporary
 prosperity in a pecuniary sense such a
 colony might enjoy, it was doomed to
 ruinous convulsions. The state of so
 j ciety was unnatural, abhorrent, repug-
 I nant to every principle of humanity,
 i* morals, and, we may add, political ee6*
 nomy. Any violent change in the
 i mother country would he certain to
 j array in fierce conflict elements so fear
 fully discordant.
 We shall prove,
 Ist. That Emancipation was not in
 1 any sense the cause of the troubles and
 insurrections in St. Domingo;
 2dly. That the history of that doomed
 colony furnishes conclusive evidence in
 prool of the entire safety of Immediate
 Emancipation, os it is called.
 THE BEGINNING OF TROUBLES.
 The beginning of troubles may be
 dated in the year 1788. December 27th
 |of that year, the Statcs-Gcneral ol
 France passed a resolution to admit to
 I that body a number of the Tiers
 E/of, equal to that of the other two
 orders. When the news reached St.
 Domingo, the white colonists iininedi
 ately resolved to assert their right to
 be represented, and commissioned 18
 j delegates, six of whom, after much dis
 cussion by the States-Gcneral, were
 recognized. About this time the Soci
 ety of I*es Amis dt3 .Votes was organ
 ized. Next arose in Paris a secret as
 sociation of the planters, called the
 Massaic Club, with branches in the
 colonies; instituted ostensibly to
 port the Revolution, but really to sus
 tain this movement, so far as it might
 strengthen them against the colonial
 authorities who were supposed to favor
 the rights of the free people of color.
 Every blow struck for liberty in
 France electrifies the colonies. When
 the fall of the Bastilc was announced
 in St. Domingo, the colonists became
 wrought up with intense excitement?—
 Liberty and Fraternity, sounded
 from the lips of all classes. All were
 seized with the fever of imitation; and
 whatever France did was regarded as
 a pattern for her dependencies. Just at
 this time a rumor was started of a ser
 vile insurrection, and a large force was
 marched to the locality designated as
 its scat, but everything there was tran
 quil. The rumor was groundless; still
 the preparations made against this ima
 ginary horror, it is thought, suggested
 to the slave possibilities never dreamed
 of before.
 THE REAL STRUGGLE.
 Meantime, in the general discussion
 of the subject of human rights, the
 inulattoes or free people of color began
 to take a deep interest. Many of their
 number were at Paris, receiving an
 education, and their correspondence
 with relatives at home stimulated them
 to the demand of rights, which the
 French Revolutionists could with no
 consistency deny.
 October 22d, 1789, the wealthy mu
 lattoes despatched a deputation to Paris
 to urge their claims to representation in
 the Colonial Assembly. They pre
 sented 6,000,000 livres to the Govern
 ment, and pledged one-fifth of their
 property to aid in the liquidation ol
 the national debt. The deputation re
 ceived great encouragement. Lafay
 ette and his associates deeply sympa
 thized with them. The President ol
 the National Assembly said, that no pari
 of the nation ever reclaimed in vain its
 rights from the Assembly of the repre
 sentatives of the French people. M,
 Charles de La met h declared that, al
 though he was one of the largest pro
 prietors in the colony, he was in favoi
 of the admission of the mixed races tc
 a share in the legislative power.
 Encouraged by these indteations, the
 free people of color in the colony begar
 to press their claims on the attention o
 the authorities; but they were at onc&lt;
 met by the most unrelenting oppositior
 from all classes of the whites. La
 combe, a mulatto, was hung at cap&lt;
 Francois for having merely signed s
 petition on the subject. M. Ferrand dt
 Eaudiere, a magistrate at Petit Goave
 a venerable old man, who had drawn u[
 a petition of a similar kind for the uiu
 laUoes, was dragged from his home am
 brutally murdered. The petit* b latte t
 signalized themselves above all other*
 by their outrages against these unfor
 tunate people, who, thus far, had dis
 tinguiahed themselves for their forbear
 ance.
 January, 1790, the Assembly of th&lt;
 colony convened, consisting of som&lt;
 230 members, who were implacabh
 against the, inulattoes, and disposed t&lt;
 assume tor themselves independent le
 gislative powers:
 Lafayette and his friends were mean
 while urging the claims of the fre&lt;
 people of color, and had the aatisfac
 tion of procuring the passage of de
 cree by the National Assembly, datei
 March Bth, 1790, that every persoi
 of tpenty-flve years of age, tbs pn&gt;
 prietor of real estate, or, in fault
 that, who had been i re indent of thi
 place for two vears, aod paid fates foi
 the support of* the colony, should be en
 titled to vote for members of the Colo
 aial Assembly.”
 Let it bo observed, that the contest
 concerned not the natural rights of (Im
 dares, whom nobody proposed to eman
 cipate, but the political rights of tb&lt;
 free cobirsd people. Although the de
 cree did tint, m specific tarns, extend
 the right of suffrage to this class, H
«u clearly anded&amp;fod that by tin
 any quoWfring p*IN t«
 the word &lt;'p*r«L*r Its rig&amp;s were s*
 The pcwt(piii&lt;w«r rfwactfchMflec
 a flame in the note*#. Tbewhitenoae.
 crated the Ngtfonal Aftsdibbly.■• Tht
 Colonial Assembly passed A resoM |tmi
 it would prefer death rather than short
 political rights with a degenerate Mi
 bastard rate.** The populace went m
 far as to threaten death to thd PYcncl
 residents in the colony. Thin Assembly
 trail dissolved. A new election vai
 held; the mulattoes wqre excluded bj
 force from the suffrage to which tbej
 were entitled; the same unrelenting en
 emies of their class were returned; ant
 one of the first acts of the new AhM
 bly was to assert its right to originate
 ail legislation, aad overcome the Go
 vernor General's veto by a majority o
 two-thirds. This functionary, finding
 his prerogatives encroached upon, en
 deavored to strengthen himself by se
 cretly encouraging the colored party.
 Ere this, however, intelligence oi
 the disturbed state of the colonies, and
 of apprehended violence in Martinique,
 having been received by tha Home Go
 vernment, the National Assembly pass
 ed a decree explaining away that ol
 March Bth, so far as it conferred politi
 cal rights on the free people of color,
 and, in effect, licensing the slave trade
 —-an act of tergiversation which arous
 ed the indignation of Lafayette and Lei
 Amis dts JVoirs.
 Bitter feuds continued to prevail k
 the colony until the principal provinces
 were arrayed against each other, and
 open war broke out between the Go
 vernor General and the Colonial As
 sembly. In tha struggle, the free peo
 ple of color were invoked by the for
 mer, and he made such head againsl
 the Assembly that the whole body,
 driven to desperation, resolved to em
 bark for France, and lay its grievances
 before the National Assembly. Mean
 while the mulattoes continued to be
 subjects of the grossest outrages and
 insults, and began to lose their pa
 tience.
 Vincent, or James Ogc, an educated
 mulatto, in Paris, who had for a long
 i time been laboring for the reclamation
 of the rights of his class, disgusted at
 the explanatory decree of the National
 Assembly, out of heart, irritated, and
 desperate, abandoned Paris, and on
 I the 2d October, 1790, landed at Cape
 Francois, where, without much deliber
 ation, he put himself at the head of two
 hundred of his friends, resolbed*to com
 pel concessions. He demanded of the
 Governor General that the decree ol
 March Bth be carried into effect; ex
 pressly excluding from his demand the
 negroes or slaves. With them lie would
 have nothing to do. No rights but
 those of the mulatto were in question.
 The response to this demand was a
 force of six hundred men sent out tc
 punish him. These were routed. An
 other force, twelve hundred strong,
 with artillery, was more successful.—
 Oge’s band was scattered; he and his
 fellow-chief, Baptiste Chavannc, took
 refuge in the Spanish part of the island,
 whence they were reclaimed. They
 were tried secretly. The whole mu
 latto population was deeply excited. At
 last, after two months’ confinement,
 they were sentenced; led, bareheaded,
 c:i chemise, into the public square, with
 ropes round their necks, and then
 placed upon the wheel, where, with
 faces upturned to heaven, and their
 thighs, legs and arms broken, they died
 a horrible, lingering death. This took
 plac.e on the 9th of March, 1791. It
 was never forgotten; it filled the hearts
 of the free colored population with un
 dying hate.
 Similar efforts were made by them in
 the Southern and Western provinces,
 but they were peacefully put down by
 the Governor General and his adviser,
 Colonel Mauduit. But for this they re
 ceived no credit. The planters sus
 pected them of having made secret pro
 mises to the mulattoes, to be fulfilled at
 a more convenient season.
 September ltith, 1790, the Assembly
 of St. Mark’s arrived at Brest, and
 soon made known their complaints.—
 But the decision of the National As
 sembly was against them. It passed a
 decree extinguishing all the legislative
 powers of the Colonial Assembly, pro
 hibiting its members from being elect
 ed thereafter, sustaining the Governor
 General; and the King was besought
 to issue commands for a new election,
 conformably to both the decrees of the
 Bth and the 28th of March—decrees,
 by the way, clearly contradictory.—
 The consequences of this unwise, va
 cillating, inconsistent legislation by the
 National Assembly were most ruinous.
 This decree was dated October 12th,
 1799.
 Nothing could exceed the consterna
 tion of the great planters. They looked
 wiih dismay upon the elevation of the
 pe(i!s blancs and both were fired with
 deadly animosity against the mulattoes.
 The authorities were overwhelmed.—
 Col. Mauduit was horribly murdered;
 Blanchelande, the Governor General,
 was compelled to fly from Port-au-
 Prince, and the colonists there usurped
 independent powers. Cape Francois,
 actuated by rivalry with Port-au-Prince,
 received the Governor General with
 open arms; but everywhere else the
 wildest anarchy prevailed.
 Amid all the varying animosities of
 party warfare, says Brown, in his
 History of St. Domingo, on one sub
 ject the unanimity was perfect. Tha
 whs the doggedness of creole prejudice
 when the question was hrought up to
 establish the political rights of' the mu
 lattoes. Up to this moment, despite
 ad the me as a res of the Home Govern
 ment, these people had been excluded
 from their rights. The Constituent
 Assembly at Paris, to obviate all doubt,
 and settle the question, decided, May
 15th, 1791, "that a!i people of color
 residing in the French colonies, and
 'born of free parents, were mauled to
 the same privileges ns French citizens,
 and, among others, to the right of vo
 ting at elections, and to seats in the
 Provincial and Colonial Assemblies.
 The violence of the onlnaials now over
 leaped all hounds. The Constituent
 Assembly was execrated; France wag
 abjured; every French resident was
 menaced; the parties swore to resist
 force by fofjce. The Governor General,
 that he wouM enspend the operation of
 the decree ootinte could receive the re-
ply to 9 remonstrance Me had just ad
 dressed to ths Minister of Slarikf.
 All tWa ti*u« the free people m ©oka
 were tpriet, earrAdty abstaining; fron
 i violence, relying upon the energy nn&lt;
 .good fiAh of Home Government
 An influential member of theirdew
 wrote to a friend in Paris: Tim pun
 ishmeut of Ogi* has only served to xnafu
 us mure than ssur rrx*,.-,l to ronqn»r
 i or pensn in me struggle which is to de
 i cide whether we shall enjoy the right:
 offered to us by |fie restorers of Frencl
 i liberty. We have never been guilty o
 murdering any one, or of inienffing anj
 one's death; yet our own blood htu
 been poured out like water. Wc coult
 retaliate, but we refrain. The idea tha
 the negroes might take advantage o
 such hostilities to desolate this beauti
 ful country, is enough to make us re
 f| nounce the thought.’
 [to be continted.]
 THE WIFE or APDVBUIf.
 Mr. Audubon married early, in tb&lt;
 family of the Bake wells in England
 The family name, so familiar in thit
 j country, is a sufficient pronunciation 01
 her probable worthiness to share the
 fortunes of such a roan. But apari
 from all such extraneous considerations,
 hef life is the. best commentary upon,
 and her sons the best illustration of,
 what such a matron should be she
 shared with a smiling bravery all the
 wanderings and necessities of her hus
 band. Whether the temporary occu
 pant of some log or frame hovel
 attached to a trading post of the great
 south-west, where it was necessary foi
 the husband to take up his quarters in
 the double capacity of trader and natur
 alist,or a share of honor, regal so far as
 artistic and scientitic apprediation could
 fashion them, bestowed upon him amid
 the imposing luxuries of European life,
 she was always the calm, wise, cheer
 ful helper, as well as sympathiser. A
 noble relict of that almost exploded
 school of matrons who recognized the
 compact of marriage as a sacred union
 of purpose as well as life; she docs not
 seeimto have aimed at a loftier honoi
 1 than that of being the true wife of J. J.
 Audubon. In this is her greatest glory;
 for a common woman, with the fears
 and* weaknesses of common character,
 would soon have crossed the gossamer
 life of his fine enthusiasm, beneath the
 weight of vulgar cares and appre
 hensions. So far from this being the
 case, she appears to have been so en
 tirely identified with his successes, that
 it would be impossible to separate hei
 loving recognition of them. She was
 his resolute companion in many of the
 long journeys he found it necessary to
 make, in his early days, to the far
 west. She crossed the Alleganies wit!
 him rtn horseback at a time when there
 existed no other facilities for making
 the journey. She shared with him the
 wayside hovel of the mountaineer
 laughed with him over the petty
 inconveniences of the travel, anc
 shared the lovely enthusiasm wbiefa
 burst forth, when its accidents threw
 in his way a long coveted or entirety
 new specimen. When it became ne
 cessary for him to sink his Jacob's stall
 here and there, and leave her with his
 family amidst strange associations, for
 long months together, he could go with
 the calm feeling, that, as the favorite
 bird of his own discovery, (the bird ol
 i Washington,) his eyrie would he safe
 1 in the jealous strength of his mate,
 and open and warm tor him on his
 i return.
 How many dark hours amidst the
 deep shadows of savage woods, has
 such reposeful trust been luminous
 i with joy and faith to him. How many
 t gloomy defiles can he passed, how
 many cold and sudden plunges he en
 dured, how many fierce extravagant
 exigences be faced, by that deep abid
 ing assurance which feels and is ccr
 j tain that there is beyond all this a true
 heart to welcome, and a home! Some
 of the most noble, unpremeditated cx
 j pressions of tenderness we remember,
 are to be found in his biography ol
 birds, referring to the anticipated de
 light of such re-unions with his family.
 —American Reticle.
 Brah vm, the Singer.— The Gates
 head (Eng.) Observer had recently a
 a paragraph suggested by an old Eng
 lish newspaper, the London Morning
 Post of July 12th, and the peru
 sal in k of that day’s bill of fare” ol
 the Royal Theatre, Well street,
 London, where, amongst other attrac
 tions, The soldier tired of war’s
 alarms, is announced to be sung by
 Master Braharn, who is now signalized
 as a veteran singer. At the time when
 master Braharii sang this song, says the
 Observer, Lord North was England’s
 prime minister; Pitt and Franklin,
 Burke and Washington, were promi
 nent performers on the public stage;
 Louis XVI. still wore his head, and
 Tom Paine was sharpening the axe for
 its removal; Scringapatam was un
 stormed by Cornwallis; Bums was in
 his prime, and Cowper still delighting
 the world with.his verse; Byron was a
 child in arms, Napoleon a name un
 known, and Mrs. Siddons dawning into
 fame.
 Brahain has outlived them all; and,
 nfter a lapse of nearly fifty-eiglit years,
 !ik still before the public, living to
 please, and pleasing to live!” The
 voice which charmed the ear .if we
 were musical) of George the Third,
 when he had still three-aml-tbirty years
 to reign, may also have been beard by
 his great-grandson, Albert, Prince of
 i Wales! A strange reminiscence, ro
 marks the Boston Transcript, yet a tree
 I one, and calculated to make us think of
 I the improvement of a long fife, and of
 the great beauty of the commandment
 i with promise.
 L; v/ v
 PaoPERTV i* Me*. l cannot be
 lieve that a being of human substance,
 form, and image—endowed with the
 1 faculties, and propensities, common to,
 our race, and having the same ultimate
 idestiny, can, by the force of any bn-!
 man constitution or laws, he converted
 into a chattel, or thing, in which an
 other being, like hiuueH can have
 properly; depriving him of his free
 wiU, and of the power of celebrating t
 his own mind, nod pursuing has* own
 happiness, t cannot believe that can
 be ifthi, winch Is not, and Cannot be
 properly. Gorcruor Site aid.
ALSTON THEfAWTEH.
 «b. Ah*n* ted contracted with B—
 uild bint boO9C, iwl bad entered
 into the usual spsciikalioiim When
 the house was nearly completed, and
 tl»e exterior decorations were putting
 up, Mr. A. objected that ftie prcnara-
 Itiorts for a cornice extended oriif to
 three sides of the house. The builder
 insisted that although it bad not so run
 in the contract, ret that it was usual to
 omit it an the back of the bouse, am!
 he therefore refused to put it on the
 fourth side. Whereon Mr. A. said, he
 should not press the matter, but that of
 of courso the builder could not object
 Ito hhi choosing the side which should
 be left without a finish, and he there
 fore chose the front. The builder,
 unable to object, did.as he was ordered;
 but unwilling to have this advertise
 meat of his unfaithfulness and unwork
 manlike character staring him and the
 public ’in the face, begged leave to
 place tbe cornice on the fourth “sidfe.
 It is related that on a certain occa
 sion, Alston, accompanied by a distin
 guished transcendental friend, drove in
 from Cambridge to attend a party in
 j Boston. Upon arriving at the door, he
 calmly said, to the utter surprise of his
 companion, I shall not go in.'* But
 why not?” “I have discovered a
 small hole in my stocking.” “But is
 it so situated as to be very visible?”
 “On the contrary,” said Alston, “it
 is directly on the hall of my foot.” “Of
 course, then,” said his companion, “it
 can never be observed.” 1 shall
 know it,” said' the poet in a decisive
 tone, and ordered the coachman to
 drive back to his residence in the
 country.
 THE OLD AND NEW WORLD-
 I observed that a considerable num
 ber of passengers carried a comforta
 ble picnic box or basket with them,
 and spread their own table. With
 some, doubtless, this- provision pro
 ceeded from a fastidious taste that fear
 ed some poisonous dirt would be found
 in the common fare of a steamboat.—
 But with many, I presume, it arose
 from a habit, which presents a marked
 dillcreuce between the people of Eng
 land and of America—l mean the habit
 of economising. In America, we are
 ashamed of economy. It is this feeling
 which would forbid among us such a
 practice as that referred to, and not
 only tlusj but a great many more and
 better practices. In England, economy
 stands out prominently; it presides
 over the arrangements of a family it
 is openly professed, arid fears no re
 proach. A man is not ashamed to say
 of a certain indulgence, that he cannot
 afford it. A gentleman says to you, “1
 drive a pony chaise this year; I hnvt
 put dow n my horse and gig, because 1
 cannot pay the tax.” A man whose in
 come, and expense?, and style of living
 j far exceed almost anything to be fount
 among us, still says of something quite
 beyond him, which his wealthier neigh
 bor does, We are not rich enough lot
 that.” One of tbe most distinguished
 men in England said to me, when
 speaking of wines at his table, “The
 wine I prefer is claret, but I cannot
 afford it, and so I drink my own goose
 berry.” I have hcaul that many fami
 lies carry the principle so far, that they
 determine exactly how many dinners
 they can give in a year, and to how
 many guests nay, more, and how
 many dishes they can put upon the
 table when they do entertain. This
 frankness on the subject of economy is
 among us a thing unheard of. Nut
 that we are more wealthy, but, as I
 conceive, less wise. r I he competition
 of domestic life am &gt;ng us is ton kern to
 admit of any such confession of internal
 weakness. We practise economy by
 stealth. Nor is that the worst of it; tin
 one consequence of this habit of feeling
 is, that we practice too little. When a
 stranger looks upon the strife of busi
 ness in our villages and cities, lie ima
 gines that he sees a very covetous peo
 ple; but a nearer observation would
 i show him that much of this eager, and
 •absorbing, and almost slavish occupa
 {tion, is necessary to sustain the heavy
 drains of domestic" expenditure. This
 extravagance at home chains imny a
 1 man to the counter and counting-room,
 i And this extravagance is of his own
 choosing; because he knows no other
 i way of distinguishing himself, but by
 the style of living. Would he but con
 ceive that he might better elevate him
 self in society by having a well-read
 library, by improving his mind and con
 versation, by cultivating some graceful
 but comparatively cheap accomplish
 ment, he might live a wiser inan and die
 richer. Who would hesitate to choose
 between such a family and one whose
 house was tilled with gorgeous furni
 ture; where the wife and daughter are
 dressed in the gayest of the fashion,
 and the husband and father banishes
 himself tbe livelong day, and half the
 night, from that pleasant mansion, to
 toil and drudge in the dirty warehouse
 He sleeps iu a very grand house; he
 lives in a counting-room! Detrey’t
 Travels.
 Sale or a Female Slave.— An En
 glishman, passing through Clinton,
 observed, opposite his hotel, a sale of
 negroes, and, on approaching the auc
 tioneer’s stand, discovered a young
 female negro for sale, who had ju»t
 been married to a young man, a slave
 in the same town. ‘The reason of her
 be mg sold was to pay her master’s
 debts, who was then in embarrassed
 circumstances. Tbe poor creature
 seemed in the wildest grief; her hys
 terical screams and sobs were most
 heart-rending in fact, so exciting was
 the scene, that it seemed to affect even
 the callous-hearted slave holders
 around, who were accustomed to such
 exhibitions. The young man, her
 husband, was not to be sold. The
 party who wished to buy his wife, was a
 trader from the for south, and in all
 probability she would be separated
 troin him for ever, many hundreds of
 miles. A person in the town, with
 more humanity than the rest, wishing
 •e prevent this separation,’ bought her
 in, much to the satisfaction of the by
 standers. Tims, by a mere accident
 was the nearest and dearest tie of lift
 prevented being sundered. No thanks,
 however, to the mini man system. The
 screams of extasy uttered by the young
 woman, os she rushed into the ar'nu ol
her huibttfwl, standing near,
 were affecting t&lt;* all who witiic&lt;"«»d
 them.— Report oj a respectable English
 Tracellt r.
 COOKE, AT LIVERPOOL.
 Cooke hn&lt;l been playing on a preri.
 oils occasion, when great excitement
 prevailed on account of the agitation of
 the slave-trade abolition question in
 Parliament. Tookc fancied himselfirr
 suited because his benelit had not been
 equal to his expectation; and passing in
 his usual state by one of th? coflre
 houses, he beheld several of the mer
 chants assembled in the room and vi
 cinity. Shaking his fist at them, he
 exclaimed, I thank my (Jod I carry
 away none of your d d money; ev
 ery brick in your nccurscd town is
 stained with African Wood.” When he
 appeared afterwards on the ftngc, the
 hubbub was indescribable. He at
 tempted to speak but was saluted by
 cries of, Off? off?” and a shower of
 hisses. Rilcnce was at length restored,
 and Cooke addressed the audience in
 these words! Ladies and gentlemen:
 If you will allow me to go through mv
 part, I will never disgrace myself by
 appearing before you again.” Ho
 then retreated to the side scenes, and
 said to a party there, from whom this*
 anecdote is derived, with n satirical
 expression of countenance! It’s thur
 blood—the blood!” The managers ad--
 vertised him for the next night, with thflf
 same card Richard the Third and
 Sir Archy Mac Sarcasm. The si gnak
 of his presence was one universal mss.-
 Cooke advanced to the stage, placing;
 his hand on his breast with affected hu
 mility, waited until the tumult subsided,
 and then entreated the audience to hear
 him* Had I not been unfortunately
 interrupted, ladies anil gentlemen,
 said he, in his blandest accents, “tnv
 address to you would have been thus:
 Ladies and gentlemen, if you will allow
 me to go through my part, I will not
 disgrace myself by appearing beforo
 you again in the same condition. The
 ruse succeeded. “Bravo, Cooke!”
 resounded, and he played Richard with
 more than bis usual energy. —Memoirs
 of Mandril, bit his sen.
 DU3IAS’S RAPIDITY OF COMPO
 SITION.
 We have had rapid writers before
 now and prodigies but whose rapidity
 ever approaches that of Alexandre 1c
 Grand." what prodigy ever surpassed
 tins friend of princes? Mr. James has
 a pen which one ran scarcely call slow;
 Mrs. (jio:e is not u tortoise Mr. Wur
 ren has recently written a uovel of
 five bundled pages in onc-and-twcnty
 days uiui Lope do rga, the personi
 fication of celerity, w ho took only three
 days to write a three-act comedy in
 \erse, is credited, by marvel-loving
 chroniclers, witn having accomplished
 i twenty-one million three hundred thou
 sand lines ot printed verse, in his not
 very long career. But I )umas distances
 them all. His rapidity is something so
 fabulous, tliat all soils ol supposition
 ale put forward to explain it and one
 iruh nt pamphlet undertakes to prove
 that he has a regular manufactory,
 where numbers of young men woik, he
 only putting his name to their produc
 tions. 1 here is, however, one very
 strong objection to the cun out thcorv,
 that Ihi mas sells, under his own name,
 the works of others and, in justice to
 the literary curiosity of the case, wo
 must adduce it. It is this: if a number
 oi men were employed writing novels,
 which Dumas had only to retouch, or if
 he only gave them a plot, which they
 had to woik out. Dumas would never he*
 at a loss tor “copy,” t„ satisfy the
 demands of those journals to whirh he
 is engaged. But, in the trial before
 mentioned, it came out. that not only
 had the journals great difficulty in get
 ting from him the promised “copy,”
 but that, having printed one or more
 volumes, they were, much to their
 disadvantage, compelled to publish
 volumes by other writers, because Du
 mas had not furnished them with the
 continuation thus considerable periods
 were allowed to elapse between tho
 delivery ol one volume ami its suc
 cessor. When we know, that Dumas
 is in the habit of publishing several
 works simultaneously, and, to this mo
 ment, has no less than six unfinished,
 and in course of piecemeal publication’
 we can understand the delay. He has
 not six hands to write six novels at once;
 so he must finish volume three of this
 novel, volume three of that, volume-six
 ol another, volume ten of another, and
 volume one of another—in this way he
 has volume by volume, to satisfy* tho
 claims upon him and, on the suopo
 sinun that he, in conjunction with Au
 guste Maquct, and perhaps, also his son
 really does write the works published
 under his name, the delay becomes
 intelligible. On the supposition of a
 manufactory, the delay is inexplicable;
 X? *7® ,n 9t a, n opposition to
 the idea of a manufactory, that aft the
 woriu sold by Dumas arc bound to he
 10 hand-writing otherwise the
 publishers would be easy dupes. Now,
 it is absurd to suppose 1 &gt;umus under
 takes the task of copying rhe words of
 his young workmen absurd, because
 every one knows, that a man who.
 writes with ordinary celerity, will com
 pose much quicker than he can copy
 anything—and it is the question of time
 which in Dumas's case form* the diffi
 tultr. On the Whole, we belter, 'hit
 witt* 's® ""I I"'"**- «*j»nctio..
 with Augurte Maquet, m,e„, t n j
 dictate, the novel*, which young
 —hose handwriting i. verv like
 h-Other',. cop.-.-ilelh
 The Slave’s Idea or Liararv
 plesseTvou n n»v t drv yoU
 tho fountain, of wJftJLll &gt;l
 af bis tho tiff Kf 1 *P"Dg*
 "V yokd turn to
 to work **A n h'etli only
 1 work, and wurketh only to live
 4 process!
 date hl vaiue
 and crush him as a
 Ift o iJ y° u Uiay do this, and
 &lt;ht tdm tkd it mubvrn tv k&lt;mil
 S .Hied to hi. hope of
 wnnxwlalify it is the ethereal part of
 s nature, which oppression cannot
 reach; it is a torch-lit up in his soul hv
 jy hhftd ot Deity, and never iiieuut io
 he extinguished by the band of man.
 Gor. Me IhiCilt
"
