"POETRY.
 FVowi the Ntw York Tribune.
 SONG OF Till AMERICAN EAGLE.
 r t*i&gt;r or Vermont.
 t BOLD tm ivsM on tl*c mountain's crest.
 Where the Wild w in.'.* rock my c*gl"l* to rust;
 Where tl*»» lightning* fla*h and the liitevJer* cr**.
 And the routing torrent* fsv.n an I ihrli:
 For mr *phit fror Jmaetfirtli shall be,
 A type for the tour ot I J he.tv.
 Aloft I flv. f.dtc kirh,
 Urnwgli the vaulted sky;
 On a sunbeam bright »»kc n.v a*ry flight.
 An I float hr a flood
 For I lure to phy in i!«e noontide ray.
 And l***k m a blaze from the thrown of Day.
 Asrar I spring, w-th a tireless wing.
 On the frathe-.y rlond poise and swing;
 I'dart tlown the eteep w hom the lightning* leap,
 And the clear hlir canopy *lnw!y sweep:
 F“f &lt;i«tf to me it the revelry
 Of a free and leaflets Liberty.
 Flove the land w’lerc tlie mountains sta-vd.
 Like the watclitoarer* high of a patiiot Iwikl:
 I-or I may not in my gk/rv anJ (/rile.
 Though tne lan I he n/'T.-r so fair a id wi.le,
 M reig.i* o’er plains,
 Atvl fetters the Invtmni n»l in chains.
 Then give to me in my flight to sea
 Tl* land of the pdgi &gt;m* ever fire
 An/I 1 ne'er will rove from the haunt* I lore.
 But w atch, from my sentinel track above,
 o«ir tanner free user land and sea.
 And extilt in your glorious destiny.
 Ob, guard ye wrell the land wliere I dwell.
 Lest t». future times the tale I tell,
 l*n slow expires in smoulder me fires
 The. goodly heritage of your sires,
 Uaw I ren ioiii'* light ro»c cloui and bright
 From fair Columbia’* beacon-height,
 i ill ye quenched tl/e llaioe iu a starless night.
 Then will I tear from vour penwn lair
 The star* ye set ia triumph there'
 My olivediranth on the hlasi I'll hunch.
 The fluttering strings from the flagstaff wrench
 And array I'll ore, for I scorn to sen
 A craven race in the land of the free.
 D.
 Btar.Jjn, Vermont, Js*. 1544.
 From the Philadelphia Saturday C-mrier.
 MEMORY OF CLVIiKSON.
 LINES OCCASION ED BE THE DEATH Of THI
 GREAT AND GOOD THOMAS CLARKSON.
 Clarks/wi reTered in every clime
 Where Mercy lifts Ivei voire sublime,
 Itmn &gt;i tal honors—miiltless fume—
 Deep in our hearts nave set "thy name.
 The patriot’s wreath, though bright, must fade;
 Th? /Undent, bv mortals made,
 Grows ilim in i pa&gt;e, besi le that crown
 Which circles thy unsought renown.
 Thy simple majesty of mind,
 Tin lofty purpose, well defined,
 Bhall st.inl before that searching eye
 Which every m /tive can descry.
 A f/reigv shore, the stranger's land,
 'Tie pathless waste, the burning sa iJ,
 Witnessed alike thy steady aim
 A nation’s sorrows to proclaim.
 To break the fetters of the slave
 Thy great resolve ha I ai.nod to save,
 And change the n to that golden chain,
 By Heaven designed, from Heaven which came
 The links compose 1, since time began,
 Of boun Hess love to erriag man,
 Though dimmed awhile a I Idea le I har#
 With strange alloy of guilt and fear.
 Illustrious hero, great and gioj,
 No trophic?, stained with hit nan blood.
 Above tiiy honored /lust shall nave.
 To inosk thy pure, unblemished grave.
 Friend of my rare, farewell farewell 1
 Affection weeps 11 hear thy knell;
 Thy requiem shall In* fondly sung,
 In ilistant land and foreig i tongue.
 And when thou Blandest at the gate,"
 Where countless myriads trembling wait,
 Thine be the great reward to win—
 3ly faithful servant, enter in
 THE MECHANIC.
 i am Nature’s own nobleman, happy an 1 fioc,
 A puer of the realm might well e.tvv me;
 for the lan 1 of the cagin lias given me birth,
 mv a /us me all freemen that meet round ni
 hearth.
 Yrnnr cities now rising with htmrty an 1 might,
 Whose palacc-like towers are fair to the sight,
 My ha mis bei|&gt;cd to build ilium, my strength lent ill
 aid,
 And by tlie sweat of my brow your proud cities an
 made.
 "The ship that sweeps proudly o’er the far-spreadiii|
 sea,
 Has been timbered and fishioncd hy the labor of me
 And the pure massive marble that strikes on tlv
 view.
 Is chiselled and formed by the artisan too.
 The smith, as he hums oYr his anvil a glee,
 lie toils not for happiness or power—not lie;
 He dreads not lost office, he seeks none to gain—
 And the smith is a king in his own proud domain.
 The bravest of men from mechanics have sprung,
 And the sweetest of lays mechanics have sung,
 Ar.d'the proudest of hearts mechanics should wear.
 When conscious of right in their bosoms they bear.
 From the Ladies’ Repository.
 ELOQUENCE.
 It welleth up from brimming founts,
 Deep hid/lcu in the soul—
 And with a strong resistless power,
 Its diainiess waters roll.
 It gushes on in words of lire;
 It scorches with iu breath;
 And as tlie Ireart is pure or dark,
 Iu words arc life or death.
 It peals in thunders loud and deep,
 That make tin- mountains quake;
 The mighty despot ou his throne,
 Doth feel its pillars sliakc.
 In Justice’ great and outraged name.
 The giant voice doth crave
 Redress for earth’s down-trodden ones,
 And fitcdom for lite slats,
 SONG OF THE SEASON.
 BV ELIZA COOK.
 Look out, look out, there are shadows about;
 The finest is donning its doublets ol brown,
 The willow tree sways with n gloomier flout,
 Like a l/c;iutifnl fare witli a gathering frown.
 Tis true we all know that Summer must g
 That the swallow will never Slav long in our eaves
 Yet we’d rather be watching the wild rose blow,
 Than be counting the color* of Autumn leaves.
 I&gt;N&gt;k high, look high, there's tire lace-wings:! fly,
 Thinking lie’s king ol a fail v realm,
 As Ik* wings with delight on the g .ssamcr tie
 That is linked ’on I Uw Urn-In. of the mm-tipp'd elm
 Alas, poor tiling, the tiist rustle will bring
 Tlie pillars to dust, w lie re your plaasurr-clue weave
 Anl many'a spirit, like thine, will bring,
 To hopes tliat depend i»|k&gt;u Autumn leaves.
 L *ok low, look low, tlie night-gusts blow.
 And tlie rr*ikv»a forms in luetic ie I,
 Coma win. leg a nl spouting wbe.cvcr wc ga,
 Lighter in dancing, as iwaicr tlie dea i!
 Oh, who has not si*n rare ln an«, that have been
 I'aiale I and puling, in g.ub that ileceivcs
 J&gt;ashirijj gaily along in tlu-ir fluthuing sheen
 AVitit Despair at tlie core, like the Autumn leaves.
 txvk on, Ue/k on, morn lireuketli U|xm
 Tlie he Ige-row ix/ughs, in their withering line;
 ‘tlie distant or/dlard is sallow and wan,
 Bui the apple nud nut gleam richly through.
 Oh, well will ti be, il uur life, like tlie tn-e,
 t»haH be k/iind, when old lime of greeu licautv l/e
 reaves.
 With tlie fruit of good works for tlie Planter lo *c e&gt;
 Rhining /nil in i i«tb’s harvest, through Autumr
 kaves,
 Merrily pours, as it sings and soars.
 Ttw west wind over tlw- land anil seas.
 I’ll! it plays in tlie forest a si moans and roars,
 Seeming ie&gt; longer a ruinlilui bnvtf.
 h'i music is blest, till it iitt-clrth a bn.ist
 Tlut is |iT‘iheJ by the strain, wlule Meua/ry (lictca
 To tin.ik it was sung by a loved .me at rest,
 IVI. it r i&gt;:u) like the sweet Mind iu Autumn leaves.
 Not an I. mi are leaf and flower
 H»r* k«*n i fr«. &lt;i. Stl'l »sv|'t h*/ .n;
 Bv senile appro-' isrs, the ftrr*#t nsl Die sitower
 M.tk« irw.lv tin; ».u» viim s kr Cilling sw «v
 Awl ■i i" Hkin iiu'M 4* [nif dulte t+*ir 0
 Bv tlir tear lira. In stasis a,si the sigh that hr heaves,
 kuf he’s Isa. in.) Iron, earth by tsrb Ulabduud’*
 ahwlr,
 Trll In't w.Ul.t* g". as Its Autumn leaves.
 1/4 t»' k. Is A Iswi, 4'si y.w’H ti.si the trsrk
 N Iwiuu. Is arts stir mi. Ihnklv oVs
 M till y.\ *s (h-wl hair* alt ,Isy a.sl l/huk,
 And evetv vews sI.M tljn^ nsirt
 ftm its sol is Is I wlu ie tie- lir uw 1m a«. -htxl,
 I s Ilw fwtoM to hiaiu fa th toiler shews*.,
 A&gt;sl s mv trust hi tis Future sprr»l
 it he it, ,4 Worts .ty Aot Hit, halt*
SPEECH OF GEORGE THOMPSON.
 frwm fir* pm fe.)
 two# and three* over the vast surface
 of the country, and set about teaching
 100,000,000 of natives how to g row a
 j plant which their forefathers had culti
 voted in perfection for 3,000 years.
 Two of these Americans, Messrs.
 Mercer and Ilowley, found their way
 to the great cotton growing district ol
 the southern Mahratta country. Now,
 mark the success of their mission
 On the ‘2Bth of January last, 1817, the
 Governor in Council of Bombay ad
 dressed a circular to the several mer
 cantile houses of that presidency,
 i giving to the English and native
 1 gentlemen composing this large and
 respectable hotly, a detail of the go
 vernment measures connected with in
 troducing an improved system of culti
 -5 vatmg and cleaning cotton in the
 j southern Mahratta country, in the hope
 that the mercantile community would
 come forward and freely purchase e
 product, the improved quality of which
 w&lt;»u!d, doubtless, command a high
 price in the London and China mar
 kets. The governor then proceeds tc
 detail the nature of the govcriuncnl
 measures and their results.
 J Thev w'ere commenced.** he says
 j “in 1843, under the superintendence
 !of Mr. Mercer, an American cottor
 planter of great experience, energy
 I and zeal, who began his fanning opera
 tions at a village in the collectoratc o
 Dharwar. In 1814, Mr. Ilowley wa;
 to the same district, and under
 took the management of an experimen
 tal farm at another village.” I wil
 now quote the exact words of th&lt;
 governor in council of Bomba&gt;. “Ii
 1315-46, Mr. Mercer represented tc
 the government, that the experiments
 farms w'erc only a useless expense tc
 government; that the American sys
 tem of cultivation was not adapted tc
 India; that the natives of India were
 from their knowledge of the climate
 and capabilities of the snl, able tc
 cultivate better and much more econo
 mically than any Enropcan, and re
 quested that the farms might be abo
 lished.” Such is the testimony of Mr,
 Mercer, as quoted by tiio governor ii
 council, of Bombay. Let me now
 request your attention to the testiinon\
 of the British collector of revenue ii
 the same district, who had overlookec
 the operations of the two Americar
 planters, and was also intimately ac
 quainted with the agricultural habit;
 and skill of the people, as well as with
 the extent and capacity of the soil.
 will again give the precise w'ords o!
 the government circular: The acting
 collector of JDharwar states, that the
 New Orleans cotton has been culti
 vated to such an extent throughout the
 collectoratc, that its qualities are well
 understood by the rvots, (the native
 farmers,) and there will be no further
 necessity of government planting on
 its own account. There is at present
 sufficient seed to plant it to any extent,
 provided the sale of the produce is
 guaranteed to them.” Such is the
 solution of the problem which the
 Directors of the East India Company
 undertook, in 1830, to solve, by send
 ing an expedition, consisting of a cap
 tain of native infantry and ten American
 cotton planters to India, to introduce
 an-improved system of cultivation, an
 expedition which I find, by a statement
 of revenue and expenditure, recently
 j laid befare Parliament, has cost the
 natives of India £l &gt;,o2d a sum
 placed under the head of “Expense;
 in view to the improvement of the cul
 tivation of the cotton in India.” The
 solution is, the natives of India are
 able to cultivate cotton better than any
 European. (Loud applause.)
 “The evidence, therefore,” says Mr,
 Brown, on the two following points,
 is complete and unanswerable:—First,
 the printed evidence of the directors
 shows, that, throughout a period ol
 nearly seventy years, from 1781 tc
 I83t», the company held dominion ovei
 provinces in India, capable of yielding
 cotton in any quantity demanded by
 England or by the world. Second, the
 evidence of American planters, acci
 dentally promulgated in India in 1847,
 eleven years later, proves that the
 natives have alway s had the agricul
 tural hnowiedge, the skill, and the
 experience, to produce that cotton
 better and cheaper than the Americans
 Vet the natives have not produced ii
 (for our use;) on the contrary, the
 official evidence is clear and con
 clusive to the iact that, in the face oi
 a demand which has more than cen
 tupled, the supply from India has
 regularly decliued. The causes o;
 this admitted decay must, therefore, be
 sought elsewhere than in tiie sterility
 of the soil, or the incapacity of the
 people.” Let us, then, occupy a few
 moments in attempting to trace out anti
 understand some of tla-sc causes, for ii
 is only after a correct conception o]
 their nature and effect that we car
 wisely seek to remove them, and pre
 pare ourselves for an enlightened and
 determined contest with the confeder
 acy which has originated and upheld
 them. I will endeavor to make this
 part of the subject as plain and populai
 as its peculiar character will admit of.
 Did time permit, it would be easy tc
 demonstrate that from the commence
 ment of tiic manufacture of cotton
 goods in this country, the raw material
 might have been supplied from India,
 in most abundant quantities, and sold
 in the Liverpool market, at tyvopence
 halfpenny per pound, yielding a remu
 nerating profit to all partu s concerned
 [lad there, at an early period, been.
 I will not say encouragement, afforded
 to the native growers of cotton, but
 mere fair play, and an alienee of oi&gt;-
 pression and direct obstacles, there
 would have been at the present time
 a supply sent to this country of the
 most abundant kind, and of a quality
 greatly superior to that of the msigni
 mant amount which is obtained from
 India. And what price,” you may
 inquire, “would have sati-fi,-,}
 grower. 1 will answer that question
 from authority. Mr. Robert tticards
 Cmb 7 tU Bonnot! of
 Bombay from the year IHMi to 1811
 Having previously spent twenty vearJ
 »f bis official life in various parts of
 estern India. In IBIJ, that gentle,
 nan addressed a letter to the Court of
 hrrrtnrs, in the course of which he
 evealrd Irom the company's own
 ••cord*,) the details of a deliberate
 'Stem practised by the g&lt;ornt(uru| of
Bombay, by which the native cot tot
 grower* were deprived of one-half o
 their whole crop a* a land-tax, am
 •were openly plundered of the othei
 half by the company's servants, wh&lt;
 put their own price upon il. (Shame,
 in this letter Mr. Ricards demonstrate*
 that, while the cotton growers wert
 under the rule of tbe Mabcmedans
 who set the example of taking half th&lt;
 crop, they could cultivate to profit tb*
 best description of article, while ccttui
 was selling on the spot at rathei
 :nore than ‘-id. per paund. Deducting
 half, therefore, for tbe land-tax, -th*
 Id. and a fraction represented th&lt;
 natural price at which the best com
 modify could be grown. In the pam
 plilet before me there is also the proi»
 furnished, in the shape of a reference
 |to actual transactions in Bombay, ii
 17*0, when the price of Surat cottoi
 was rather more than 2d. per lb.; beins
 just the same price as it was in Bom
 bay, in le4(i, nearly sixty years alter
 Had the grower, therefore, not to yieb
 'up to the government cne-half hi:
 entire crop, he would bo satisfied, a
 he is now virtually, with Id., cr rathe
 more, per lb.
 It is, therefore, evident, that but fo
 the existence aud chartered mouopob
 'of the East India Company, whicl
 took the whole of the crop at its owi
 price, and returned to the grower tb
 proceeds of only one-half, tue price a
 rj which the best Surat colton wouli
 have freely sold in London and Liver
 pool, in the years 1780 to (leav
 ing a large profit to the importer,
 would have beeu 2 l-2d. per lb. Tb
 prices at which the East India Com
 pany sold their eutton in London, ii
 the years 1780 to 1791, were from lid
 Ito la. Id. per ll». Of the several kind
 |of United States’ cotton, it is tkn
 'called Upland which compares wit]
 and is valued against Surat. In 184(j
 the year of the short crop, the aveiagi
 price paid in London .and Liverpool lo
 the three kinds ol American Upland
 was 5 l-2d. per lb. It is unnecessary
 -after a simple enumeration of thes
 j recorded lacts, to say why the produc
 i tion of cotton in the United States date
 ilrom the year 1735, or to prove a
 greater length than they prove, that i
 was the Directors of the East Indii
 j Company who in truth and in realit
 j sowed the fields of America broad
 j r ast with tne seeds, and transferred tin
 immemorial growth of India to taki
 permanent and gigantic root on th&lt;
 shores of the Atlantic. Mr. Ricards
 j hi the letter to which I have referred
 also states that the freight on the Com
 pany’s ships amounted, at the time In
 j wrote to £53 (js. per ton of fifty cubh
 feet, and £riJ a ton on the extra ships
 making a freight of 7 l-2d. and 4d
 respectively upon every pound ofeeftor
 imported. Even d &gt;wn to the ycai
 1829, the chartered freight of the
 •company’s ships was £l9 ss. per ton
 i equal to a charge of more than 2d. pci
 lb. I have quoted the testimony o
 one member of council at Bombay; le
 me refer to another, Mr. Francis Wal
 den, now a director, who, in 1832, gavi
 evidence before a select parliamentan
 committee, that the money tax impose*
 lon every candy of Surat cotton of tin
 value of £3, was £5 lus., leaving t&lt;
 the grower £2 4s. for his share, r.
 £1 2s. less than wjas left iiim by th&lt;
 rapacious Mussulmans. (Shame.) Thi:
 tax was levied before the cotton wai
 suffered to he removed lrom the fieh
 on which it was grown for whicl
 •purpose deej&gt; pits were dug, and tin
 cotton buried in them under clods o
 earth, and there kept in charge o
 the revenue officers, until the monei
 demanded was raised. When releast
 ;and removed to the grower’s hut, in it;
 junsceded for the purpose o
 being deprived of the seed* by tin
 women and children of his family, then
 was an annual tax levied upon even
 native gin; then an animal tax upoi
 every bow, the implement required t&lt;
 rid it of dry leaves and dirt; then i
 tax upon the loom employed in weaving
 it and if required for distant con
 sumption, whether home or foreign, i
 itransit duty. (Shame.)
 What has been said in no way com
 Ipletely describes the wretched condi
 tion of the native cotton grower. 1
 must not be supposed that he obtains
 the difference between the price of tin
 cotton and the money-tax levied bv tin
 j government. It must never be' for
 j gotten, in order correctly to appre
 jciate the weight of the burden lai&lt;
 upon him, that he is compelled to pai
 his land-tax before he is suffered t&lt;
 {have possession of his owu cotton, am
 that the only security lie has to offer, ii
 S order to obtain the money from tin
 village money-lender and cctton-tradcr
 is the crop buried in the pits, U n
 i weighed, unsccdcd, uncleancd, am
 altogether unmerchantable. The re
 I suit is that one halfpenny a pound is al
 i that is finally realised by this uuhappi
 subject ol the British government ii
 India. “In Guzerat,” says Genet a
 Biiggs, taking for the basis'of his cal
 dilution the evidence given before
 Parliament, “710 pounds of clear
 (Cotton may be raised on seven acres o
 land, giving 10J pounds per acre. Tim
 {cotton, estimated at 2 l-2d per.pound
 w hich is forty per c&lt;nt. in .re than in
 value at Dharwar, will sell fi&gt;r £1 Is.
 Uroin which, if we deduct Ids., we hau
 scarcely more than twenty-five pt*j
 cent, of the whole produce, to pay the
 expenses of cultivation, aud for the
 return of interest on capital; while the
 government receives seventy-five pei
 cent, of the w hole produce as the tax
 1 he merchants of England, it is clear,
 cannot look to India tor cotton, while
 such imposts prevail.” Buch is the
 testimony of an East India officer, win.
 has mude the land-tax and its effect*
 upon cotton-growing his study fot
 many years. (C heers.)
 Let me now ask you to go w ith me tc
 Bengal, and see bow the matter stand*
 there. Among tbe journals published
 in India, there is no one more conspicu
 ous for the* rautjnrj with which nil its
 statements are put forth, and its reluct
 ance to bring charges against the gov
 ernment, than the FritnH of Indin, edi
 ted by John Marshman, Esq., of Seram
 pore. From a number of that journal
 dated the 1 1th of March last, 1 make
 the following extract:—“The deficiency
 in the cotton crop of America, and the
 rise in the price of that Maple of our
 home manufacture*, ha* naturally turn
 ed the attention of the ouhlir to the cul
 tivation of cotton in India, where the
plant was indigenous in the days or C«r
 aar. Our manufacturers look to the
 boundless fields of India in the hope ol
 obtaining a supply for their looms; bul
 unfortunately they look in vam. fr
 Bundlckund (a large division of the Al*
 lahahad province to the South of the
 Jumna) the supply has fallen from sixty
 lacks (900,000,IMK) lbs) to ten (or 100,*
 OOO.OOOlbs.) At Bombay, the cultiva
 tion has been gradually dwindling, anti
 there w every reason to apprehend thal
 it a il! shortly lx come extinct. The ex
 port of cotton from Bombay to China,
 aluch formerly gave employment to sc
 j large a portion of the agricultural popu
 lation, end its shipping, has been gradu
 ally contracted; and unless some ade-
 I qunte remedy can he supplied in time,
 this branch of trade must shortly closr
 altogether.*’ (Hear, hear.) The Frinul
 of India then goes on to give a speci
 men of the process bv which the culti
 vation and export of cotton, so essential
 at once to the prosperity both of India
 and of England, is deliberately annihi
 lated by those who administer the reve
 i nue system under the-East India Com
 pany. Names, dates and official docu
 ments are quoted. “The fiscal history
 of the province of British Bundlekund
 which is the great cotton district on this
 I side of India, most clenrly dera mstrates
 the impolicy of over assessment. Wc
 have now before us a valuable report o
 the settlement of Ziilah Hutneerpore
 II by Mr. Allen and Mr. Muir, of the civi
 j service, w hich supplies us with facts
 J of the utmost value, and gives in forma
 tion that may he turned to the best ac
 1 count at the present moment. It teach
 ■esusthe most important lessons. Ii
 shows how the prosperity of a distric
 may he blighted, and half a million o
 its inhabitants reduced to absolute desti
 tution, in the shortest period of time. Ii
 tells us how a single collector may ruin
 i not only the condition but the prospects
 of a district, depopulate its villages, anc
 convert its smiling fields: into barrer
 wastes.
 Cur rule commenced there in 189 i
 and for the first ten years our fiscal ad
 i ministration was just and equitable.
 The f orbearance and happy arrange
 ments of government appear to have
 had their lull effect in developing the
 resourcesot the country.” The Zemin
 dars (the land owners; were in a flour
 ishing condition; their tenantry satisfice
 and happy, and the district which hat
 formerly been a scene of uninterrupted
 devastation, or predatory incursions,
 presented a picture of industry and
 contentment. In the year 1818, a
 year ever memorable in the annals ol
 that unfortunate province, Mr. Scott
 Waring, the collector, took charge of it,
 and formed a new settlement of the rent
 (government tax.) In the western dis
 tricts he raised the assessment thirty,
 and in the eastern districts, no less than
 forty-six per cent Ihe result of this
 oppressive exaction in the eastern divi
 sion soon became apparent in the ruin
 ol the Zemindars, the destitution of the
 poor ryots (the cultivators,) and the de
 solation of the province. (Ji tlie total
 number of villages, amounting to GJI,
 only 139 were preserved by the original
 landholders. Of 137 villages brought
 to sale during this period, assessed al
 i two lakhs and thirty thousand rupees
 i (£i23,09J) no less than sixty-one were
 purchased by government, because
 there were no bidders at all; while the
 remaining seventy-six, which were sold
 to other parties, realized only thirty
 nine thousand rupees (£3,909 or about
 J four months’ rent! Every man of sub
 stance who agreed to take tlie villages,
 j on the recusancy of the Zemindars, be
 i came a beggar, buch was the result in
 tlie eastern district, of Mr. Waring’s
 i exertions at the revenue screw. Jn the
 western districts, the proprietors oiT7c3
 villages threw up their lands ratliei
 than agree to his exhorbitant demands.
 It would be useless to recount,” says
 Mr. Muir, “the sickening detail of ab
 sconding Zemindars, who, according to
 Mr. Waring, fled only because the real
 value of their estates was beginning to
 come to light, or of desolated villages,
 whose lands it was said were throw n oui
 of cultivation merely to produce a de
 crease of assessment. No one who
 has not foiled through the defails ol
 each village cun conceive the extent ot
 alienation of property or the misery at
 tendant on the depopulation of villages,
 the ruin of estates, and the disruption
 of society which have prevailed in this
 unhappy country.
 Misfortunes seldom come single. Af
 ter Mr. Waring, whose name is never
 mentioned in Bundlekund without a
 malediction, and is ordinarily used like
 that of an ogre, by mothers to frighten
 disobedient children, came Mr. \v H.
 Vulpy, wboeutered into his views with
 increased ardor and gave another hearty
 turn to the revenue screw. Then came
 (he gradual discontinuance of tlie com
 pany’s advances for cotton, which had
 formerly exceeded the revenue of the
 province, and finally the calamitous sea
 sons of ISJO, 1&gt;34, and 1838. The
 hand of man had been succeeded by vis
 itations of Providence, and tlie country
 yvas reduced to the loyvest state of deso
 lation, when the new settlement, which
 had given such just renown to the name
 of Robert Mertins Bird, was undertaken
 and completed. But it is easier to ruin
 than to revive a province. l ive years
 of over assessment had produced that
 prostratiou of agricultural resources,
 which twenty years of moderation could
 not restore. The settlement officers,
 in every instance, made large reduc
 tion* in rent, in the hope of reviving the
 prosperity of the ruined district; and in
 reference to the more iTMjnediute object
 of this article, reduced tlifc rent-tax ot
 the soil on which the cotton is raised, to
 a suin varying fr.un tight annas to one
 rupee a bigah—that is on an average,
 to about one third of the assessment,
 yvhich the Enplitldnaa describes as pre
 vailing in the Broach. But it is found
 impossible now to realize the same
 amount of revenue w hich was obtained
 so frecJv before the calamitous adveut
 of Mr W a ring. It ia to be hoped thuo
 fore that the lesson thus taught us, that
 over assessment invariably defeats its
 own object, and destroys the prospects
 of the exchequer for a long period of
 time, will not be lost on us.
 To the Committee now said to be sit
 ting at Bombay, we particularly recom
 mend tke following from Muir’s report;
 Had we been contented with the
 revenue of 1815,and been solicitous only
 to equalize it, the district would, without
 l"obt, have continued to flourish; ei-
tent of cultivation would hare kept pact
 with the increase of capital and inhabi
 taut». and the concomitant advantage:
 of trade and commerce would hava ad
 ded to the richea of the country, and tc
 its strength for withstanding the attack:
 of famiue. Our income, if not directlj
 increased, certainly would not have fal
 len off, and would thus have been, a
 the least, twenty per cent, greater that
 the impoverished land, denuded in nt
 ny quarters of its population, can no*
 possibly yield." Let me afford you on&lt;
 more glance into the reasons why th«
 natives jf India, under the East Indii
 Company's rule, do not cultivate pro
 duce for this country. Mr. Thom®
 Williamson, late revenue commissionei
 nt Bombay, in a letter dated 1846, ad
 dressed to Lord Wharnclifle, as Chair
 man of tlie Great India Peninsula
 Railway Company, tells his lordship
 that besides the land which produce
 cotton at present, there is a vast exten
 of waste land capable of producing th:
 article, and that a very slight degree o
 encouragement would be sufficient ti
 attract cultivators supplied with sue!
 scanty means as are there sufficient foi
 tillage, and that they would greedily ac
 cept the terms which would be deeme:
 hard bv the enterprising farmer
 in England. Well, this same Mr. Wil
 liamson, when superintending thesi
 very districts, granted to the native:
 leases of waste land, ftee from tax for i
 1} few years, for the express purpose o
 cultivating upon it cotton and the Mau
 ritius sugar-cane. The last, to attaii
 perfection, requires to be manured an&lt;
 irrigated and consequently demands i
 considerable preliminary outlay. Thi
 natives joyfully accepted the leases, an&lt;
 set to work with the utmost alacrity an&lt;
 i industry. What did the Directors o
 the East India Company do on hearing
 of this wise and prudent measure Th&lt;
 official gazette shall answer for them:
 Bombay Government Gazette,
 2 Oth Junr 1838.
 The Honorable the Court of Direc
 tors, having been pleased to disapprove
 of the n itifications of the 24th February
 and Ist August, 1335, and of the Is
 and 17th November, 1833, issued undei
 authority of Government, by the Rcvcn
 i 110 Commissioner, granting certain ex
 emptions from assessment (land-tax) tc
 land cultivated with cotton and the Mau
 ritius sugar cane, and to direct that
 1 such notifications be immed ately recall
 ed; the Right Honorable the Governoi
 is pleased hereby to caneel the said no
 tifications from this date.” (Loud cx
 i pressions of indignation.)
 In conformity with thi3 peremptory or
 der, leases of waste land, granted ncarh
 four years before by the authority of the
 Governor and Council of Bombay, anr
 upon the faith of which the lessees hat
 i borrowed and spent their all, were can
 J celled at a moment’s warning, the les
 sess were turned out of possession with
 out the smallest compensation
 least redress, and most oftfiem, asfsibel
 as the persons who had
 ney to them on the security of the gov
 ernment leases, ruined for the remain
 der of their lives. Tbit? was done in
 1838, and in 1840 the directors of the
 East India Company sent to the United
 States for ten American planters for the
 purpose of teaching these beggared and
 ruined natives how to grow cotton.
 Let me now show you what the pecu
 niary result of this system has been as
 respects the prices paid for cotton by
 the manufacturers of this country. It
 has been before observed that the yer
 age price of the three kinds of Ameri
 can Uplands in the markets of the Uni
 ted Kingdom during the dear year ol
 1840 was 5 l-2d. per pound. The evi
 dence adduced proves undeniably that,
 from the year 1785 down to the present
 time, the grower of Surat cotton wou'd
 have been satisfied on the spot with the
 price of Id. per pound, if freed from the
 company’s preliminary land-tax of 1 l-2d
 1 per pound, and liberated from all inter
 ference of the revenue officers. “My
 own knowledge," says Mr. Brown, “hut
 especially my late father’s personal and
 practical experience through more than
 half a century, lead me to affirm that a
 price of Id. to 1 l-2d. per pound, paid
 to the native growers, free from tax,
 would have been remuneration sufficient
 to have secured from them the produc
 tion of any quantity of cotton w hich the
 wants of England have required during
 the last sixty year 3. All the enquiries
 I have made lead me to the conviction
 that the same price would have paid the
 grower in every province in India,
 where the company found cotton to be
 a staple culture. Adding Id. per pound
 for transport and the profit of the impor
 ter, u price of 2 l-2d. to 3d. per pound
 is the natural price at which, but for the
 tax and the interference of the compa
 ny, good East India cotton would have
 been laid down in London and Liver
 pool. What the profit of the English
 manufactures would have been by hav
 ing the command of the staple at this
 medium price, they themselves best
 know. But taking the price paid by
 toe manufacturer* for every description
 of United States cotton i.n the year 184 b
 at no more than the average price paid
 lor Uplands," namely, 51-2 d. per lb.
 it is clear that they paid to the Ameri
 can 2 I-2d. per lb. more than the natur
 al price of cotton, if the growth and the
 trade in India had been, as in the United
 States, perfectly free. Upon the total
 quantity received from the United States,
 this sum amounts to £5,230,252.
 This was the excess of price they paid
 last year. But this year, owing to the
 short crop in the United States, the con
 sequent rise in every market, the scarci
 ty of food throughout Europe, and the
 demand for tonnage in the United States
 Lr the purpose of shipping every pound
 of spare load to w here food was at fam
 ine prices,—in consequence of these
 concurrent visitations, it is computed
 by the Economist that the manufactur
 ers will have to pay from four to five
 milhous sterling more to the Americans
 for the short supply of the present year,
 than for the more abundant one of last.
 Tueir American cotton account tor "the
 two years will therefore stand thu§:
 1846. —Ordinary euchanced
 price paid above natural
 price of East India cut
 ton £5,236,252
 1847. —Ditto ditto 5,236,252
 Extraordinary enhanced
 price over 1846, 4,500,000
 Excess of price paid in 1
 two yean to the Uni-! £14,973,504.
 tod States tor cotton,
w
 Do the losses of the manulecturer*
 end even at this point? It would be a
 wrjr superficial examination of the sub
 ject which should lead to any such con
 elusion. This sacrifice is only the bc
 i ginning of what they have to suffer. In
 1 consequence of the high price of fivotl
 'j everywhere, and the absorption of the
 national capita! as well as of the profits
 i and wages ot individuals in the purchase
 I of dear food, the price of manufactured
 00 instead of keeping pace with the
 t] rise in the price of cotton, has sunk
 much below this level, from the falling
 ofi of tne usual demand at home and
 I nb V',, Manufacturers are compelled
 to hold and lock up their capital, or to
 sell at a loss in order to keep their mills
 working halftime. The t/nited'States’
 merchant, gorged with English gold ex
 poitcd to pay for his corn and cotton,
 keeps aloof until manufactured goods
 ii have still further sunk to the point at
 j which it is more profitable to him to im
 m port go d; than to receive gold. He
 then enters the market, and it is by
 M means of his purchases, made at the
 i j lowest point of depression, that the drain
 ■j ot gold is stopped; or, in other words,
 ■j it is by the sacrifice of the accumulated
 I industry and hard-earned property ot
 (jtho manufacturers that the exchanges
 arc ultimately restored, the derange
 ment of commerce remedied, and the
 ij nation’s calamity arrested. It is niani
 l test, therefore, that it would be better
 fj for the manufacturers to ask the East
 •I India Company to accept five millions,
 ii subscribed amongst themselves, and in
 I return suffer the natives of India tj
 i• grow cotton, f;ec of land-tax, for the
 people of this country, than to carry on
 I their operati &gt;ns under the existing sys
 tem. Five millions so given in lcll.j
 would have saved nearly fifteen. Mr.
 1 Brown eloquently concludes his remai ks
 on this su iject by inquiring:—“ What
 has created anil produced the cotton of
 the Ua.ted States? What, at the same
 time, lias cleared its wastes, attracted
 its immigrants, sextupled its population,
 j peopled its towns, Funded its manufac
 tures, built its ships, created its navy,
 fed its trade, furnished its revenue,
 1 found scope for all its energies, and last,
 though, unhappily, not the least, per
 petuated, with the foreign slave-trade,
 1 its own domestic slavery? It is not
 i more abundant land than England has possess
 ed in India, nor a more fertile soil, nor a more
 genial climate, nor cheaper labor, nor more
 millions of p aieable, industrious subjects; nor
 is it any decline in the native vigor and perse
 vering enterprise of Englishmen, when left
 unfettered and un-do nieonred over, to exert
 their free scope in guiding and governing men
 and subduing nature, under the spirit and the
 aegis of their parent laws and institutions.
 Since it is undeniably not one of these supe
 rior advantages, which is the cause of the
 striking and dliferent results exhibited bv men
 of the same race, during the same period ol
 time, in India and in the United States, I trusl
 it is impossible that the reason of E iglish nen,
 or the piety of the nation, will suffer the curse
 of barrenness with which India has been fatal
 ly stricken, or the poverty in which its people
 j arc st vped, to be longer laid, by the decep
 j bon ot speech and the studied concealment ot
 facts, to the account of the will of Providence
 and the ordinances of God.”
 1 have now endeavored to show the bearing
 of this ouestion upon England and upon India,
 and to j tint out some of the causes of the non
 importation of cotton from India. It is hardly
 necessary to dwell upon the anti-slaverv view
 of the subject, fir you must be before-hand
 with me. I will, however, venture to ask your
 attention to the views entertained bv certain
 parties. What say the Southern Americans,
 speaking through the press of New Orleans
 j By the blessing of heaven, the Southern
 j planter is enahl d to raise the noblest w &gt;ed
 i that was ever given for the comfort of the hu
 man family—a weed, destinevl to make a new
 era in modern commerce, if those who raise it
 hav*spirit and virtue enough to scorn and
 defy the franking and speculative quacks of the
 day. 1 have no idea that the slave-holding
 race could maintain their liberty or indepen
 dence for five ye irs without cotton. It is that
 i which gives us our energy, our enterprise, our
 intelligence and commands the respect of for
 -1 e;gu powers. The Egyptian may look with
 devotion to his Nile, as the source of the pow
 er and wealth of Egypt: the pilgrim and in
 habitant of the Holy Land miy bathe in the
 sacred Jordon, and take comfort from the be
 lief that he lias washed away his sins—the
 Hindoo miy worship the Lotus, under an idea
 that Vishnu created Brahma from its unfolded
 1 flowers; but a genuine slave-holder in South
 i Carolina will ever look with reverence tu the
 I cotton plant, as the a mree of his power and
 his liberty. All the parchments upon earth
 could never prot et hi n from the grasping
 avarice and financial fury of modern society,
 j If ho expects to preserve the peculiar institu
 j tior.s of his country, a d transmit them to
 posterity, he must teach his children to hold
 the cotton plant in one hand, and the sword in
 the other, ever ready to defend it.” What
 say the abolitionists of the United States’
 Cotton is now th e great anti-abolition influ
 ence of this country. In whatever shape op
 position to the cause of emancipation manifests
 itself-—whether in the Church or State—in a
 mercantile or ecclesiastical association—it may
 be traced directly hack to the cotton-bale.
 Were English and French manufacturers sup-
 plied with Indian or Egyptian cotton, the de
 mand for slaves from Virginia and Maryland!
 would cease—the growers of men and women
 tor the cotton planting region would find no
 market for their human staple—ami as a con
 sequence, slavery would be unprofitable, and,
 as another consequence, Virginia stati-smen
 would begin to believe with Thomas Jeff. non.
 that all rnen are created equalthe Virginia
 divines would very soon discover that sla
 very is t.icompatihle with genuine Presbyteri
 anism, whether of the old or new school. I
 Slavery now lies entrenched behind its cotton
 bags—Lko General Jackson at New Orleans
 and tlr; efforts of the British or even Ameri
 can abolitionists to dislodge it by moral sua
 sion. we far will prove a.*; meleetua! as those
 of General Packeobam, to force the cotton
 barricade* of the American camp, on the Bth
 January, I*ls. We call then upon the abo
 littomsts of Great Britain, to urge their govern
 rn.-nt to footer and promote, to the extent of its
 p nver, the cultivation of cotton in the Indies.
 Bv uj doing they will promote the interest of
 their own country—they will confer an incal
 culable benefit upon our* —they will lift the
 crushed millions of India from their degrada
 tion—and strike off the chains from thrift mil
 li »ns of American slaves. We confess tfiat
 one of our main reliant- under God, for the
 bloodless termination of American slavery, is
 the increase of cotton cultivation in the pen:a
 sula of British India.”
 Wiiat were the wools of ilie venerable
 Clarkson, written down to be d-hverei at the
 opening of the World's Convention for the ab
 olition of slavery, held in 1840. How,
 then,” he says, can you get at these (Arnt-n
 -eaa so as to luhuroee Uteir convict.
 There is but one way vou must endeavor to
 make them fed their guilt in itsamsequeneea.
 You must endeavor by all justifiable means to
 aflfeet their temporal interests. You must en
 deavor among other things, to have the pro
 duce of free tropical labor brought uu» the
 markets tA undersell tham there,
 and if roucan do this, your victory is sure.
 Now, that this m buMufcm, that this may ba
 done, there is m gleet km. The East India
 Company aleae mm da it of tbamaahrw, and
 they can da k by means that are parfcrtly
 metal and pamir, aarurdmg la yarn own pna
 nplea. aamely by Urn eultivalMft af tha sarth
and by the employment of foie labor. They
 sntn-, if ibcy please, not only hate the high
 HnK r of abolishing slavery and tbc slave trade,
 |»ut the advantage of increasing their revenue
 kywnd calculation; for, in the first place,
 they have land hi their possession twenty tiroes
 ro»&gt;re than equal to the supply of all Europe
 with tropical produce; in the second place,
 can prorun* not tens of thousands, but
 tens of nuihons of free laborers to work m
 the third, what is of the greatest consequence
 m thi&gt;cas*\ the pnee of labor with these is
 only from a penny u&gt; three-ha I fper.ee per day.
 Whit slavery can stand against these prices 1
 And here 1 would oheerru, that this ia not a
 visionary or fanciful statement. Look at the
 American newspapers look at the American
 pamphlets which have come out upon thia sub
 ject l&lt;&gt;ok at the opinion of the celebrated
 Judgs Jay on this subject also all, a l|, con
 f-ss, and the planters, too, con less— but the
 biter with fear ami trembling—-that if the
 East India Company should resolve upon the
 cultivation of tropical products in India, ar.d
 c irry it to the extent to which they w ould be
 j capable of carrying them—it is all over wuh
 American slavery.”
 At the risk of wearying you, I hare laid
 my views b fire you at considerable length,
 ■i d you may now perceive the nature of the
 1 objects to w.i ch 1 des ro to devote myself
 (loud cheers.) Is it not a glorious goal sties
 whu hI am reaching* (che«rs.) Long, lorg
 i have I looked to India with emotions whuh
 j God alone has penetrated. The study of that
 country, in the history of its people, the ca
 pacity of tis soil, its sub u gat ion by EiigfhnaV
 and its future destinies, bus been the as.s:oi&gt;
 of the last eight years rf my life Long, lorgr
 ago l made a vow that 1 would live lor tho*
 I benefit of that coui.try (loud cfi ers_&gt; Hav*
 I your pci mission to redeem that vow (lot g
 j continued cheers.) Hut, let m; t *ll you, I
 did not make that vow until 1 cl ariv perceiv
 c 1 that he who labored for tbc good of India,,
 was at the same time the truest and wisest;
 friend of his own country, and the most effi
 cient promoter of the extinction of slavery and.
 the slave-trade (cheers.) Have 1 not shown*
 you that justice to India” is prosperity t&lt;y
 England” and freedom to the slave?” (ap
 plause.) This was the motto I chose fora
 i small newspaper 1 started on the Ist of Janu
 ary, 18-11. it is my motto still. Will you
 adopt it (cheers.) Well then, as I told you
 it uie time ,1 was a candidate for your suifra
 ges, I shall be ever ready, by an honest vote,
 to support every good and sound measure,
 without i ierencj to party and I shall have
 !no ohjeettoa to speak a word oa a subject J
 understand, unless, as is often the case, it
 should bo superior wis lorn to remain silent
 (cheers.) The question 1 have brought be
 fore you thin evening, however, is that to
 which 1 wish you to grant mo permission in
 'devote myself; and that you might to some
 extent have an enlightened opinion respecting
 its merits, its magnitude, and its importai.ee; I
 have delivered the address now brought to a
 close. Let me then ask you-if you participate
 m my views regarding the vital importance of
 this question to the interest and happiness both
 of the people of this country and of India
 (loud citeers.) Have 1 your sanction to give
 myself to the advocacy of this question* (re
 newed cheers.) Will you support me while
 I am humbly and honestly engaged in calling
 the attention of the country and the legislature
 to it? (great applause.) Will you allow me
 henceforth to say, that as far as you arc con
 cerned, my constituents arc co-laborers with
 me oil the question (loud cheers, winch last
 ed for a considerable time.) Enough. Wo
 understand one another. You have encour
 aged me on the threshold of this great work.
 Io making the claims of India hencelorth the
 peculiar object of iny labors m parliament and
 throughout England, I shall have the firmest
 persuasion that 1 am acting m conformity with
 tne best interests of mv native country and the
 just rights of our conquered fellow subjects,
 a.id ol the enslaved throughout the world.
 1 shall now submit the iollowing resolution'
 1 think I have sustained every clause of it,
 save that which rotors to the natives of India
 as customers for our manufactures; but u
 must be self-evident that it we linprovu the
 condition of 150,000,000 of men, we must of
 necessity increase their wants, and consequent
 ly open a vast market for our own manufactur
 ed products. In another address i will abund
 antly demonstrate this. Wnh these remarks
 t shall read the resolution, which I do not
 doubt, from the manner in which you have
 responded to what has been said, wall receive
 your cordial approval (loud cheers.)
 1. 1 hat it has been demonstated to this
 meeting, that India, a vast British possession,
 peopled by millions of peaceable, intelligent’
 and civilized British subj ects has been gifted*
 by nature with tne capacity of producing eve
 ry tropical raw commodity, which the capital
 and industry of England require lor the con
 stant and profitable employment of her popu
 lation, or lor the subtly of any of their other
 wants.
 That it has been further demonstrated,
 that England, although the mistress of such a
 possession as British India, is reudered year
 by year more dependent for the supply of raw
 cotton, winch is the staple of her principal
 manufacture, and one of the main supports of
 the public revenue, upon the United oi«U;? yf
 America, a foreign country; and that Jyjflw
 land is also dep indent upon the same eounUy
 for the supply of the tobacco demanded by her
 population—-both th'i cotton and the tobact o of
 the United Slates being the produce of slave
 labor.
 “That consequently, the domestic peace
 and prosperity of this country; and the stabili
 ty of a large portion of the public revenue, are
 made dependent,—f irst, upon the vicissitudes
 of the seasons, to w hich the cotton and tobac
 co plants, in common with all other produc
 tions of any other country, are liable Sec
 ondly, upon the maintenance of amicable rela
 tions between this country and the United
 States, and between the United States and
 other countries Thirdly, Upon the continu
 ance of the tubmission of the numerous, in
 creasing, and oppressed slave population oi the
 United Stab's of America.
 A bat this exclusive, unnecessary, and un
 natural dejier.dtnce— perpetuating as it does
 the slavery of millions of met.—u&gt; the tource,
 to a great extent, as m* now experienced, of
 existing calamities, and manifestly pregnant
 with future evils to the best interests of Eng
 land.
 bat the free agricultural population of
 Uritiah liulia wouli! be the natural cuatocMra
 oi this country, in the exact measure that they
 would, il permitted, become the producers of
 commodities for the wants of England that
 il has lieen clearly shown, that these intelli
 gent and deserving British subjects are ren
 dered incapable of becoming the nation's cus
 tomers and producers, and of competing with
 the produce of the slave-stales, by reason of
 lhe burthens imposed upon their sml and in
 dustry, and by the impediment ot unwise re
 striction* placed upon their home and exter
 nal trade
 Therefore. Resolved, —Thai it is the do
 tv of the popple of England, for the sake
 alike of England, of India, and of the enslaved
 throughout the world, to require from the
 legislature the immediate removal of all im
 posts which depress the agncutural energies
 and impede the commerce of the native popu
 lation. and also the institution of a strut and
 impartial inquiry, in India, into the conditicn
 of the natives, and into the conduct and the
 arts arising out of the peeuhar gover .roent
 ruling over them, which aflerttheir well-being
 and retard tnev prosperity.**
 IdiAUm on Sur||i. —The opinroe of
 this HMc wheat every American iw*
 eowt Koneva, ea the subject of slavery,
 M» but recently been made known to the
 world. Tbs great philanthropist, t larkaoe,
 •aye of him, that his amiable nature waa
 i penally aroused ea this suhwet.” T*
 Glaihaoa, Lafayette said ex press! v.
 SW Acer drawn mm wW m Ik* mmm *4
 .f mrrtrm, f romU we osnewtW tk*t tkmrd
 wm/mZk*g\LA P or "LA VFH
 —flrefimd A-nsere*
"
