"Poctrji.
F'jr the \gcik Star.
 v FREDERICK DOUGLASS.
 board ikt Cam/na Amw%, A/rtf, PM7.
 Blow dwti i|y, yv KMten fair*.
 Xa mH tw Iron* the shore,—
 The Mmm i« up, mkl beat (he sail**
 Awl lanwt ua Ur Utboard rails,
 Faintly the putting traveller hails
 Hu feint? land otter morr.
 But r«r«ard dies the dashing keel,
 Ths Wvel son may scarce reveal,
 thr far horison’s rim
 111? cUI) top of moon tain dim:
 Ti» gaaa—’tie l«t—the Raaiag light
 la curtained in the rube of night!
 Yet. gallantly and fearlessly
 The g wd ship tiol.ls her way;
 Non bounding on the billons high.
 Or deep engulfed Ur paddles ply,
 V birring, roaring, ceaselessb,
 Like demon-sprites at play.
 And still along the lonely &lt;lerp,
 Tint guarded shrp her course shall keep.
 And vainly s!mH the midnight storm
 Four down o|*en her quivering few;
 Tlicre is a mighty anu tqirateed.
 To shield tier f rom the Mast:
 A watchful eye tltat sleepeth not,
 A hand unseen, tliat failed) nut,
 Stull guide her home at but.
 Oh, if in Uk great world there he,
 A place where amsul feel
 Tl*e presence of the Deity,
 fis nut upon the trackless sea.
 Boon to his fragile keel.
 Hu: there arc hearts upon that deck—
 CVd.l, I fit-! i hearts, tliat little reek
 Of mercies which tlie conunon day
 Hhnvvtis thick around their heedless way.
 Yet proud in their vain littleness,
 I)oe:n Heaven’s sole care tlKinselves to bless
 Nor cast on others’ weal a thought,
 %S i they may reach the destined port.
 The Sabbath sun is shining
 On the wild Atlantic waves.
 With golden net-work lining
 The hollow oaervii-caves:
 It is the solemn hour,
 When tlic voice of prayer should rise,
 From the lonely ship upon the waste
 Up to the vaulted skies.
 The swi-iging bell tolls heavily, and soon
 The guttering crowd shall throng the gay saloon:
i 1 the rest, of liold and manly hrow,
 Uarrc I from those ranks, would fain approach then
 now,
 To tniogle, with the hymns that heavenward roll,
 The grateful homage of a rescued soul;
 B it link' loud murmurs rise—“Guliark! go bark
 Can white men worship with a slave—a Nuekl”
 Yes, be will go; but from his scornful eye
 Titc kindling fire-glancc licars his proud reply:
 Vain hypocrite*! tliat bow the lie ruled knee
 In in kery to the God of Liberty!
 Think ye the pass|x&gt;rt of of your lioasted skin
 The scats of heaven for you alone sliall win?
 Oh, Contemptible! ami will ye dure
 To call n|«&gt;n Our Father’s name in prayer.
 And know that ye have spurned a brotlier man.
 Like some foul scum of earth? Why, if ye can,
 Unwarned of conscience, kneel before His throne,
 To whom tlic secrets of all hearts are known*
 May his etern justice—nay, I will not call
 I’or vengeance—rather let forgiveness (all
 Upon your Impious hearts!”
 He turns away,
 iii his lonely cabin kneels to pray:
 O God of merry! let thine eye
 Behold with pitying sympathy,
 The outcasts of the world, who lie
 In lh»|K‘lcss, helpless misery
 "I each this unl&lt; tiered tongue to tell
 The story of their w rongs so well,
 That slumbering justice sliall awake,
 And thunder till the mountains shake,
 And coward tyranny he hurled
 For ever from a righted woild
 Ay, and the prayer of that onre slave,
 Ascending from tlic desert wave,
 Shall yet be heard! To misery’s cry
 Unnuinliercd hearts shall yet reply,
 And brand America’s proud name
 With deep imperishable shaiue.
 So long as Freedom's banner holds
 A lie upou its criinsoa fulJs.
 F. T. MOTT.
 LxtcziriK, (E g.)
 From the Tribune.
 TO MARIA WESTON CHAPMAN.
 I tat beside a lady’s liearth,
 And listened to tlic story,
 W liich throws around thy woman name
 A never dying glory,—
 A glory which through future yrars
 Shall still go on increasing;
 Looked up to by a thousand eyes,
 In thankfulness and blessing.
 It w is the old, ol l-fashioncd tale,
 They tell of Martyrs sainted.
 Who b in* for truth the pain and loss,
 Nor with tlie burden fainted;
 Who, linking upward, through their tears,
 Saw God’s calm glory shining,
 And trod the winc-prest out alone,
 With patience, uurepining.
 My biood ran faster, as I heard,
 How, when by all forsaken,
 On w hum thy youthful arm had leaned,
 With all youth’* trust unshaken;
 Not ail the ralttilc’s ruffian shouts
 C nul l drown tlie whi«|Rml pleading,
 Of slaves, w !k&gt; under freemen’s blows.
 Lay trampled, scorned, and bleeding.
 A rock liencath the tempest crash
 Of wild contending waters—
 A hero cased in triple mail,
 An 1 smiling at the slaughters,
 May shadow forth thy steadfast soul,
 liich, wrapt as in a vision,
 Fjieak, ImIJU forth the words of truth,
 And waitcth the tiuitiou.
 Oh met, wltose falliers through the floods,
 t.'a.nc llceiug from Oppression,
 To build tl»e temple to the Lord,
 Delik I by yotir transgression;
 This story, in tlu* coming vears,
 our sous shull rend w ith si laming;
 The justice of this woman’s cause
 With burning words proclaiming.
 Ye»! loosened by the Iwnter’s shout.
 The avalanche dcvcndctli;
 IV sun that stood obscured behind,
 Again Ins glory lendeth.
 ho scud thy voice of pleading feth.
 Oh, wousau! ti'J it* thunder
 fcUail strike tlu- trembling mount of Sin,
 And read its top asm ski!
 C. C. c.
 BE UP AND DOING.
 Li dm world*# broad field of battle*
 in Ur bivouac of life-*.
 Ik not like dumb driven cattle
 Be a hero an the strife!
 Ll»e« of great inrn all remind us*
 We can make our lives subliaß*
 And &lt;b pasting, l »vc behind as
 Footsteps on tlu- sands of time.
 L*t os, Then, be up and doing,
 W ith a l.rari fe any
 Ft it .•chk-viu*;, rlill p-irsuing,
 l .ra tv l In s-4 to w.dt.
Omits* tiflvmj** W*&gt;
 safeguards o t Ac Constitution, that I
 hare introduced this bill for the pruttc
 i ttM of in this District. And
 i hero let m tell the SArtor from Ala*
 bams, that ha will have my foil eo ape
 ration in any measure to prevent hid*
 I n«PPin«» «nd 1 shall expect him to re
 deem his pledge. Again 1 am shocked
 to bear the honorable Senator denounce
 this bill as a measure calculated to ro
 prcaa those citizens from the expreaaoa
 of their just indignation.
 Mr. Calk*** —lf the Senator will al
 low me, I will explain. 1 said no such
 thing. Bat I will take the occasion to
 say, that 1 would just as soon argue
 with a maniac from bedlam, as with the
 Senator from New Hampshire, on this
 subject.
 Several Senators—Order, order.
 Mr. Calhotm —l do not intend to eor
 i rect his statemeta. A man who says
 I that the people of this District have no
 j right in their slaves, and that it is no
 robbery to take their property from
 them, is not entitled to be regarded as
 in possession of his reason.
 Mr. Hale —lt is sn extremely novel
 mode of determining a controversy by
 throwing the mantle of maniacal irre
 sponsibility over one’s antagonist! But
 the honorable Senator puts words into
 my mouth which I never used. 1 did
 not say that the owners had no property
 in their slaves. I said that the institu
 tion exists, but I have not given any
 'opinion upon the point to which the
 i Senator alluded. I have never said any
 j thing from which this sentiment which
 he imputes to me could be inferred. It
 I does not become me, 1 know, to mca
 -1 sure arms with the honorable Senator
 i from South Carolina, more particularly
 since he has been so magnanimous as
 to give notice that he will not conde
 scend to argue with me. But there is
 more than ono man in this country,who
 has, whether justly or unjustly, long
 since arrived at the conclusion, that if
 I am a maniac on the subject of sla
 very, I am not a monomaniac, for I am
 not alone in my madness. But, Sir, 1
 am not responsible here or elsewhere
 for the excitement that has followed the
 introduction of this subject. I intended
 simply to give notice of a bill caicu
 lated to meet the exigency. The hon
 orable Senator from Florida calls upon
 1 me for proof of the necessity of this
 legislation,. and says that no violence
 has been committed in this District. I
 don’t know what he calls violence.
 Mr. fVe stcott —There has been no
 evidence, except the running away with
 some negroes.
 Mr. Hale —Well, I believe that some
 j hundreds of individuals assembled in
 front of a printing office in this city,
 j and assailed the building with missiles,
 obliging the persons engaged in their
 usual employment to abandon their le
 gal occupation. If that does not come
 up to the gentleman’s definition of vio
 lence, I do not know what does. I was
 desirous of introducing this subject
 without an appeal to any matters which
 might be supposed to lie behind. 1 be
 lieve that these matters have nothing to
 do with the subject under consideration.
 But other gentlemen have chosen to
 give this subject a different direction.
 Now, in the bill which I have had the
 honor to introduce, the provisions are
 almost identical with the law which has
 been in existence in many of the States,
 and is now on the statute-book of Ma
 ryland. To its enactment here, ex
 ception has been taken, and I am quite
 willing that the country should know
 the grounds on which opposition is
 made. If the subject be painful, it has
 not been made so by me. As to the
 threats w hich have been made of blood
 shed and assassination, I can only say
 that there have been sacrifices already,
 and there may he other victims, until
 the minds of all shall be awakened to
 the conviction that the Constitution w-as
 made as well for the preservation of the
 freedom of discussion, as for the pro
 tection of the slave-owner.
 [to be continued.]
 THEJIKCAPTURED FUGITIVES, j
 Tbe following letter is from the Albany J
 Evening Journal. Mr. Slingerland, the
 writer, is a member of Congress from this
 Stale.
 Washington, April 22. j
 Friend Weed, —Last evening, in
 passing the Railroad depot, I saw quite
 a large number of colored persons
 passing round one of the ears, and
 from manifestations of grief among
 some of them, I was induced to draw
 n:ar and ascertain the cause. 1 found)
 in the car to which they were so eager- 1
 ly gazing, fifty colored pertotu, some of
 whom were nearly as white as myself.
 A large majority of the number were
 those who attempted to regain their
 liberty, last week, in the schooner
 Pearl. About half of them were fe
 males, a few of whom had but a alight
 tinge of African blood in their veins; j
 they were finely formed and beautiful, j
 The men were ironed together, and
 the whole group looked sad and de-&gt;
 jeeted. At each end of the car stood
 a ruffian-looking guard with canes in
 in their hands. In the middle of the'
 car stood the notorious slave-dealer of
 Baltimore, who is a member of the
 Methodist church, in good and regular
 standing. He had purchased the men
 and women around him, and was taking
 his departure for Georgia. While ob
 serving this old grey headed dealer in
 the bodies and souls of men, the
 Chaplain of the Senate, a Methodist
 brother, entered the car, and took his
 brother Methodist by tbe hand, chatted
 with him for a short time, and seemed
 to view the heartrending scene before
 him with as little concern as he would
 look upon cattle. I know not whether
 he came to sanctify the act, or pro
 nounce the parting blessing; but this
 1 do know, that he justifies slavery.
 A Presbyterian Minister, who owned
 one of the fugitives, was the first to
 strike a bargain with the slave-dealer,
 and make merchandise of God’s image.
 Some of the colored people outside, as
 well ss in the car, were weeping most
 bitterly. I learned that many families!
 were separated. Wives were there to|
 take leave of their husbands, and hi»s-
 bands of their wives; children of their,
 parents, and parents of their children.
 Friends part mg with friends, and the
 tendcrest ties of hmaauify severed at a 1
 single bid of the inhuman slave-broker
 before them. A husband ia the meri
 dian u#' life, begged to see tbe partner
•f h» bosom. He protested that she
 wee free—dut ake had free paper*,
 U»t she wee tore ever from him aad
 •het «p ia (he Jail. He ctanbered vp
 to oae of the windows of (he car to see
 hie wife, aad, ae the wee reaching for
 ward her head (a ham, the Mackmeart
 ed slave-dealer ordered him down. He
 did aot obey.
 The husband aad wife, with (ears
 streaming down their cheeks, heeoaght
 him to let them speak to each other.
 But no? he was knocked doom from
 the car, and ordered away! The by
 standers could hardly restrain them
 selves from laying violent hands upon
 the brute. This is bat a faint descrip
 tion of the scene wLicb took place
 within n few rods of the Capitol, and
 under enactments recognised by Con
 gress. Oh, what n revolting scene to
 a feeling heart, aad what a retribution
 awaits the actors. Will not their wail
 ings of anguish reach the ears of the
 Most High? Vengeance is mine—l
 will repay, saith the Lord.*’
 You have already heard of the fugi
 tive case and the mob here. A very
 exciting'fliscossion has been going on
 in the House for the last two days,
 growing out of these riots. The gal
 leries were thronged, and the most
 intense interest was maintained while
 j Northern and Southern members were
 I discussing.
 1 have the honor to be yoar sincere
 friend and obedient servant,
 JOHN S. SLINGERLAND.
 THE EXAMINATION^
 The following i* extracted from the editorial
 correspondence of the Cleveland, (Ohio,)
 True Democrat:—
 Washington, April 20,184&amp;
 “I closed my letter yesterday by in
 forming you tiiat I was going to attend
 the examination of those charged with
 the crime of removing slaves from the
 District. Having procured an attorne
 in the city to accompany me, I again
 went to the jail, and demanded my right,
 as counsel of the prisoners, to converse
 with them, and prepare their case for
 examination. I was admitted to the
 entrance in the second story leading to
 their cells. While conversing with
 them, the same gentleman who had in
 sisted on our departure in the morning,
 came up and informed my associate
 counsel and myself, that it was danger
 ous for us to remain there longer. He
 said the owners of the slaves were down
 stairs, much excited—that two of them
 had followed us, and that it was not safe
 for us to remain longer with the prison
 ers. For niy part, I paid no attention
 to him, but continued conversing with
 the prisoners until the hour arrived for
 their examination.
 The court, as I remarked, was held
 in the jail. None were admitted but
 the owners of the slaves, the witnesses
 and attorneys. The District Attorney
 appeared on behalf of the United States
 as prosecutor. He was furnished with
 a chair, a table, peu and ink; the two
 justices also were furnished with chairs
 and seated by a table, but the attorneys
 for the prisoners were left to stand, and’
 without a table on which they could
 take minutes of the case.
 lt appeared from the testimony, that
 Edward Sayres of New Jersey, was
 captain of a vessel named the Pearl, j
 Chester English was a hand employed
 on board of her, and she was chartered
 by Daniel Drayton of Philadelphia.—
 The vessel started from Philadelphia
 for this city. At the mouth of the Po
 tomac they took on board a load of
 wood which they brought to this city
 and sold. They arrived here on Satur
 day last. On Saturday evening about
 eight or nine o’clock, the slaves com
 menced coining on board in gangs of
 from six to eight, until between eighty
 and ninety had arrived. About two
 o’clock on Sunday morning, they left
 the wharf here, and sailed down the
 river until they reached the mouth.—
 Their destination was Philadelphia.
 On arriving at the mouth of the river,
 the wind blew from the north so that
 they could not make progress to that
 destination. They accordingly run in
 to a cove, cast anchor, and all went to
 rest. Here was th**ir error. Had they
 put out to sea as they might have done,
 they soon would have been beyond the
 reach of danger. Instead of this, how
 ever, they foolishly lay by, waiting for
 the wind to change.
 During the examination, the slaves
 were all brought forward, and I had an
 opportunity to see the whole of them.
 1 here were a large number of them
 who had infant children in their arms,
 whose color and features did not fail to
 proclaim their paternity. Some ofthem
 appeared cast down, others reckless.
 One woman being asked the name of
 her child, gave it, saying, we always
 name our children after big men, and
 generally don’t miss much.’* What
 a writhing sarcasm! Another, on be
 ing asked how she could leave so good
 a home, replied, I wanted liberty,
 wouldn’t you, sir?” The name of an
 other being called, she replied, Here
 I ain, sir; once free, again a slave.”
 Another, a fine-looking, intelligent mu
 latto girl, about seventeen, turned to
 the prisoners, shook them by the hand,
 exclaiming, "God bless you, sirs, you
 did all you could; it is not your fault
 that we are not free.”
 M. CREMIEUX, THE ISRAELITE.
 This celebrated Jewiah advocate is
 one of the ablest members of the Pro
 visional Government of the French
 Republic. He is also a distinguished
 and earnest abolitionist. He was a
 member, in 1840, of the great Anti-
 Slavery Convention held in London, at
 which were present delegates from near
 ly all parts of the world. Mr. Whittier,
 in the last number ot the National Era,
 reports the following remaks as having
 been made by him on that occasion:
 In thia assembly of Christians, 1
 a Jew, demand the complete abolition
 of servitude. My enthusiasm is equal
 to yours. Abolish slavery, proclaim
 equality it w a noble and glorious mis
 sion. The glory of this mission belongs
 to two great nation# long divided by
 war, now uniting ia the cause of the
 world’s civilization. The words ot
 England and France will he henid by
 the world. How sublimely have they
 been re-echoed already from the very
 Republic of America, where so many
 private interests oppose the emancipa
 tion of the blacks! How many getter
mm ImiU m im bmfmgmty Ur
 tbm m crsd tosrssls of hwnitrl 8m
 Umnt itptmtilim in this balluailiag
 with those of Fnaoc sat E*b«l.—
 Ye*! we ahaU attain the abject of our
 wiebea, Tbe hale alb ear a lha united
 will of Franca and England proclaim
 tag tbe abolition of bmnan slavery, wbo
 can reei«? This is the happiest day etf
 my extoence; 1 shall dwell with de
 light on tbe recollection that 1 bare
 been permitted to gfcre utterance to my
 sentiments in an aaaembly like tbe
 present; and from this moment my life
 will acquire in my eyee more conmaten
 cy and more real importance. H
 FVmb ike It—y E«&lt;m| l—L
 CONSISTENT BEPtJIUCAJtIIX.
 Tbe extoence of Domestic Sarny
 in the United States, it a source of deep
 mortification to every friend of Freedom
 m tbe old world. It is cast in their
 teeth, in season and out of aeaaoo,
 by those who woo Id have tbe aroused
 subjects of crowned beads believe that
 our government is bypocisy embodied.
 To avoid this cause of offence
 to their brethren, tbe French Pro
 visional Government wisely abolish
 ed slavery in all the colonies of France
 upon the very first day of their acces
 sion to poorer.
 The Colored and Mulatto citisens of
 Paris—among whom is classed tbe cel
 ebrated Dumas—rejoicing in this act of
 justice, designated a deputation to ad
 dress the Provisional Government.
 They were replied to by M. Cremienx,
 one of the new Cabinet, in the following
 beautiful address:
 Fellow-citizens, friends, brothers
 —I am happy to hail you in the name
 of the Provisional Government of the
 Republic, every part of which has en
 tertained the great thought of emanci
 pating such of your fellow-countrymen
 as still remain in slavery. Slavery,
 slavery in the midst of liberty! Why,
 this is the most odious, the most afflict
 ing inconsistency. Distinction among
 men! This is a violation of the law oi
 God and man. (Loud applause.) We
 have only proclaimed the principles
 which dwell in the hearts of all man
 kind. Yes, the National Convention—
 that grand, that immortal assembly, had
 restored yon all to freedom, but the
 error of a great man again placed you
 under the yoke which you had believed
 was broken forever.
 You, who, having been slaves, had
 become freemeu, rendered to the liberty
 which had been restored to you such
 great and important services you
 yourselves were cast back into servi
 tude! The new Republic will accom*
 plish what the Republic proclaimed.
 You shall again become free. There
 shall no longer be a slave on the soil oi
 liberty. In our colonies as well a;
 continental France, every roan who
 inhabits the land shall be free. You
 will prove yourselves worthy of it, foi
 you ever have been so. And when
 slavery shall have disappeared, oui
 descendants will exclaim with pride—il
 was to the revolution of 1848 that the
 final abolition of slavery was due. Vive
 la Republique!”
 This was re-echoed by the repeated
 cries of Fire la Rcpvbltqve! Five l*
 Gouremment Pi-ovtaoireF*
FRENCH SYMPATHY MEETING.
 A preliminary meeting was held at the
 Court House, to take measures with regard
 to the call of a general meeting for an expres
 sion of sympathy with the people of Franc, in
 their efforts to establish a Republican Govern
 ment.—The Court Room was filled and crowd
 ed at an early hour.
 A Committee was appointed to complete
 the arrangements for a mass meeting on May
 Bth. Addresses were delivered by Alexander
 Mann Esq., Wm. C. Bloss Esq., and others.
 The following report, is from the Democrat,
 of April 29
 Mr. Frederick Douglass was call*
 ed upon for a speech, to which he
 assented, and spoke as follows: It was
 quite unexpected by me that I should
 have been called upon to speak here
 this evening, especially at so early a
 stage of the meeting. I hoped to be
 allowed to remain in silence, and hear
 others present express their feelings
 freely on this subject. But it might be
 well supposed that on such a theme as
 this, I would have a word to say. I
 ain a Democrat in the largest sense of
 the word—a friend of equal rights, and
 1 believe that I live in a nation which
 has nothing to do whatever with the
 graduation of human rights. I am a
 friend not only to Democracy—radical
 Democracy—but 1 deeply sympathise
 in this grand movement resulting from
 the declaration of France to become a
 republic. I regard France as some
 thing more than a republic, as we are
 accustomed to understand it, and to see
 in the example of other republics. I
 am glad that the people here assembled
 appear to have seen more in the pre-1
 sent position of France, than the mere'
 establishment of a republic. I see on
 all sides here the working-men and
 mechanics of Rochester. Their hearts
 vibrate in sympathy with the grand
 movement of France. And whyße- j
 cause she is aiming not only to establish J
 a government of equality for herself,
 but takes into view the rights of labor- j
 ing men, as well as those of other men. 1
 Because, with a glorious consistency,
 which puts oar own country to the
 blush—and I ask no allowance in mak
 ing this remark, because justice comes
 into court with her hat on, and makes
 no apology—l say, if anything can put
 our republic to the blush, it is that
 glorious consistency with which the
 Provisions] Government of France has
 made and set in operation measures j
 which must bring about the entire
 overthrow of Slavery in all her domin
 ion*. The other day, my heart was
 thrilled when I saw, in reading the
 public papers, an address delivered by
 one of the members of the Provisional
 Government, to a party of mu! at toes j
 and negroes who bad met to express
 ffccir sympathies with the republican
 government. What laag uage do you
 *npnoae the Provisional Governmeat
 held towards these negroes (niggers)
 and mulattos.? It was this: “Citi
 wns, friends, brothers!” “Brothers/**
 without thin act on the part of tbs
 Provisional Government, bar demo
 true/ or her revolution would have
 bean all a sham. Ha hoped that the
(ions would bear this in mind.
 Aid. Greig spoke at mm length,
 very effective)/ sad patriotically .expree
 na| Iris satmetioa at the fact that
 France, in establishing her new govern
 ment, had commenced in the right way,
 by elevating labor, aad fraternising the
 whale peoak; setting aside her nobili
 ty, aad reducing all to a cm mm cm equaii
 ty of civil rights The day whea the
 boot-blacker and the Senator should he
 regarded as alike noble by nature,
 would be the moot glorious period in
 the world's history. By this he did not
 actnaa equality of wealth; for that
 would reduce the whole idea to a hum
 bug—but be meant aa equality of so
 cial and civil rights. He was frequent
 ly applauded in the course of his re
 marks, and especially when he observ
 ed that he was exceedingly happy in
 the thought that he had not a red cent
 in his pocket—he bad not upon bis hon
 or! If he had, it would be a canker
 and a drawback upon the spirit of glo
 rious independence which he felt crawl
 ing all over him.*’ He also alluded to
 the measures taken by the Provisional
 Government to abolish Slavery, as one
 ofthe proudest and best acts which a
 people coi.ld perform, in ridding them
 selves of the shackles of monarchy.
 Mr. Douglass was again called to the
 stand and spoke at considerable length,t
 the great gratification of the people as
 sembled, who frequently interrupted him
 with cheers snd applause.
 Aid. L. Ward Smith spoke briefly
 and eloquently, believing that akhough
 he might be regarded as presuming, in
 attempting to speak, after the eloquent
 speeches which had been made, yet he
 believed that this was a subject upon
 which every American might freely ex
 press himself.—France had been our
 only ally and friend in our Revolution
 —she had assisted us in attaining liber
 ty—we should not be slow in encour
 aging and assisting her—the country of
 La Fayette and Rochambeau—to like
 wise become free from the restraints of
 a monarchy which, receiving its pre
 rogatives from the people themselves,
 had begun with professions of liberali
 ty, and had ended in making itself rich
 and powerful, rioting in corruption, and
 trampling on the rights of the people.
 Mr. Kelsey was loudly called for,
 and addressed (he people briefly. He
 had felt some hesitation as to the most
 proper time for making a sympathetic
 demonstration; but he was prepared at
 all times to congratulate those who w ere
 making efforts to extend the principles
 of free government in any part of the
 world. He was especially ready to
 sympathise with the people of France.
 He ardently desired that they should be
 successful, and that the Government
 which has been erected upon the ruins
 of a throne, should be established se
 curely and permanently.
 The following were the Committee:—
 The Mayor, Messrs. Kelsey, Wm. Pit
 kin, T. Cempshall, J. Gould, A. Mann,
 F. Whittlesey, P. G. Buchan, J. Grieg,
 E. Stone, F. Starr, J. Haywood, D.
 Rees, E. Peck, S. D. Porter, C. Morse,
 A. Elder, E. W. Bryan, A. Hubbell,
 N. E. Payne, J. M. Fish, I. Hills, H.
 L. Winants. L. W. Smith, J. Williams, j
 THE CRAFTS IN GERMANY*
 The different crafts in Germany are
 incorporations recognized by law, go
 verned by usages of great antiquity,
 with a fund to defray the corporate ex
 penses, and, in each considerable town,
 a house of entertainment is selected as
 the house of call, or harbor, as it is
 styled, of each particular craft. Thus
 !you see, in the German towns, a num
 ber of taverns indicated by their signs, l
 Mason’s Harbor, Blacksmith’s Harbor,
 &amp;c. No one is allowed to set up as a
 master workman in any trade, unless
 be is admitted as a freeman or member
 of the craft; and such is the stationary
 .condition of most parts of Germany,
 1 that no person is admitted as a master
 workman in any trade, except to supply
 the place of some one deceased or re
 tired from business. When sueh a
 vacancy occurs, all those desirous of
 being permitted to fill it, present a piece
 of work, executed as well as they are
 able to do it, which is called their mas
 ter piece, being offered to obtain the
 place of a master workman. Nominal
 ly, the best workman gets the place;
 but you will easily conceive that, in re
 ality, some kind of favoritism must
 generally decide it. Thus is every man
 obliged to submit to all the chances of a
 popular election whether he shall be
 ;allowed to work for bis bread; and
 that, too, in a country where the people
 j are not permitted to have any agency
 in choosing their rulers. But the re
 st rail ts on journeymen in that country,!
 are still more oppressive. As soon as
 the years of apprenticeship have ex- j
 pired, the young mechanic is obliged,;
 in the phrase of his country, to wan-,
 der" for three years. For this purpose,;
 he is furnished, by the master of the
 j craft in which he has served his appren
 ticeship, with a duly authenticated;
 wanderiog-book, with which he goes to
 seek employment. In whatever city be
 arrives, on presenting himself, with his
 credentials, at the house of call, or.
 harbor, of the craft in which he has
 served his time, he is allowed, gratis,
 a day's food and a night’s lodging. If
 he wishes to get employment in that
 place, be is assisted in procuring it. If
 be does not wish to, or fails in the at
 tempt, he must pursue his wandering;
 and this lasts three years before he can
 anywhere be admitted as a master. I
 have beard it argued, that this system
 had the advantage of circulating knowl
 edge from place to place, and impart
 ing to the young artisan the fruits ofj
 travel and intercourse with the world.:
 But however benefieisl travelling may
 be, when undertaken by those who have
 the taste and capacity to profit by it, 1
 cannot but think that to compel every
 young man, who has just served out his
 time, to leave home, in the manner I
 have described, must bring his habits
 and morals into peril, and be regarded
 rather as a hardship than as an advan
 tage. There is no sanctuary of virtue
 like home.—JSserctt's Address.
 Rim a wava —The slaves in Cecil
 county, Maryland, are running away j
 Rich Ann Pooa.—Laxy rich
 make rich men peer, while industrious
 poor girls make poor men rich.
CItCVUf or TM* WOOPETOCI
 ■AWPAt 1-4801 UWTITIfE.
 The Woo»itoci Mamval Lam
 Irstitut* for colored people and &lt;*h
 •re, ie pleasantly located m Ike town el
 Woodstock, Lenawee Co., Michigan
 It is fifty-fire nilea froei Toledo, b&gt;
 the way of Adrien. Tke ltd com*
 eceieent here was me de in Ike woodi
 in 1914, by Prier Foster, a colored
 man, for tbe special benefit of bis op
 pressed and iojered brethren. At first,
 prejudice and opposition were expert*
 sliced on every side. A petition was
 soon presented to the Legislature for s
 charter,but without success; for a time,
 things appeared discouraging to the
 ext rente. But the Lord has caused tbe
 dark clouds of discouragement to pass
 away; prejudice and opposition bare
 almost entirely disappeared; enemies
 hare become friends; the Legislature
 bare, during the past winter, granted a
 liberal charter, and our prospects for
 success and usefulness are now much
 better than they have ever been before.
 By the laws of Michigan, the colored
 people have more of their rights se
 cured to them, than in any other of the
 western states. Since last fall, the in
 stitution has been under the core of
 Rer. Mr. P. Russell, formerly of Bos
 ton. There have been forty students
 in attendauce. About five hundred
 acres of land have been procured.
 One institution building, fifty feet long,
 thirty-five feet wide, and two stories
 high, is up and enclosed. Though not
 very comfortable yet, it has been oc
 cupied during tbe past winter. This
 we hope to have finished before next
 fall. Some other smaller buildings
 have also been put up, for the benefit
 of the institution, and for the accomo
 dation of families and students. Stu
 dents can receive employment on the
 farm, or at mechanical business, by
 which they may defray a part or all of
 their expenses. The land around the
 institution is good and easily cultivated.
 Lots of from one to twenty acres may
 be obtained by colored people or others
 favorable to education, for a very rea
 sonable price. As the institution is
 especially designed for the benefit of
 colored people, it is hoped that they
 will avail themselves of the privilege
 which is now presented, of acquiring
 an education, and of qualifying them
 selves for exerting a salutary and ex
 tensive influence in the world.
 The Hon. J. G. Birncy was ap
 pointed by the Legislature as one of
 trustees of the Institution; but he in
 forms us, that “the clumsiness and
 feebleness of his voice, the difficulty
 of his enunciation, the ill state of his
 health, and his faint expectation of ever
 again going out of his county, have led
 him to decline all such appointments.”
 The Trustees at present are, Messrs.
 P. Russell, Prier loiter, W. Jackson,
 Joseph Hervet, Joseph Foster, Ethel
 Judd, Jason St. John, Edward Bird
 sail, and Nathan Powers. A pait ol
 these were appointed by the Legisla
 ture, and the rest have been elected
 since the charter was granted.
 We have been enabled to progress
 thus far, by the donations of kind
 friends, to whom we feel exceedingly
 grateful. But our circumstances are
 such, that we are under the necessity
 of appealing again to the benevolence
 of those who are interested in the edu
 cation of colored people. We arc still
 in great need of funds. They are
 needed—
 -Ist. To liquidate certain debts which
 are against the Institution for land, the
 erection of buildings, making improve
 ments, &amp;c.
 ‘2d. We need assistance to finish
 those buildings which have been com
 menced, also to erect others for the ac
 commodation of students and teachers,
 3d. As many of the colored people
 are unable to defray all the expenses
 of an education, we wish to be able to
 offer such instruction without charge,
 so that while they labor with their
 hands to earn their board and clothing,
 they need not feel the additional bur
 den of paying also for tuition.
 Will not the friends of the poor and
 oppressed lend us a helping hand in
 carrying out our benevolent design of
 elevating and educating those who have
 so long been deprived of privileges
 which they need? We stand in great
 need of at least two thousand dollars
 during the present year.
 We have established a scholarship
 system, by which any one contributing
 a hundred dollars, shall have the right
 of sending a scholar to the Institution,
 for five years, free of charge for tuition.
 William W. Jackson and Dr. L. Sa
 bin,our agents, are now abroad, and we
 cordially invite all the friends of* hu
 manity to contribute as they may be
 able.
 If any one desires further informa
 tion, it may be obtained by addressing
 a line to any rf the officers of the
 trustees, directed to Jackson Mills,
 Michigan.
 In behalf of the Trustees,
 Wm. P. Russell, Pret.
 D. C. Fuller, See.
 Edw. Birdsall, Treat.
 Prier Foster, Gen. Agent.
 Woodstock, April 27, i&amp;i&amp;.
 COMMISSION
 To Prier Foster: —You lievc been
 appointed and are hereby commissioned
 by tbe Trustees of the Woodstock
 Manual Labor Institute, as general and
 travelling agent.
 This Commission to authorize you
 to transact any pecuniary business and
 to travel in the name of the Woodstock
 Manual Labor Institute, and to collect
 funds for tbe prosecution of our benevo
 lent object, in educating and elevating
 tbe oppressed and injured colored peo
 ple of *&gt;ur country.
 Given at Woodstock, Lenawee Co.,
 Michigan, thie seventeenth day of April,
 in tbe year of Our Lord, Eighteen
 Hundred and Forty-eight.
 W. P. RUSSELL, Pres.
 David C. Fulled, Sec.
 ICP Tbe New York Sun states that
 tbe underground abolition railway, for
 •testing staves, is said to have been
 exceedingly busy for a few weeks past,
 as many as 10 or 15 runaways having
 passed through New York daily. R
 would bass sounded much batter bad
 the Sun said, restoring slaves to their
 natural hgbla.—Boston HTkig.
SUtoerttetmcnte.
UNIVERSE COOKING STOVES.
 rHt Marfan an Mifa I* in# this inraluat,'.
 Cuolu«| Sturt, designed for Coil or W
 f «■*—*d to net I any other stove ever
 ever patented,) and warraMed to hale u
 ■7. W r 1 Fo *7 •«J CT ..vwd
 whufaeafa awl retail, *4, Exchange
 H. BI'SH k CO.
 OWEN MOKRI8 r 'cITV BISPER T
 Tup lumui
 MR. MORRIS voi in die nnplny of Mr. Marros
 **or»e far seven years, and doring that t.n*
 pnrnrnd far him three Silver Medal*, far ih*
 specimens of Book Binding, exhibited at the U e
 rhaater* Fairs held in this ray and Buffalo.
 Gentlemen** Ijfaaries fitted n ami repaired
 Music Paper ndrd; Mask ami Periodical* Uutd
 and finished to any pattern. Blank Art-Mint Bm,k*
 executed at this establishment have givrn unequalled
 sotisfartion, by tbrir (hnrabdit) ami rlrganre. Strict
 attention is always paid to the quality of p.p«r u*ed,
 to render them etnas! to the best &lt;a the l inter! State*
 or those imported.
 laerie*’ Scrap and Goard Rooks, A Thoms and
 Portfolios, in all tbrir varieties, manufactured to
 1 order in the hrst style.
 j Banks, Institution*, Societies, kr., irav Lo
 a sawed of work bring done on the moot advar.tagme,
 terms.
 Gentlemen rrsidiit; at a distance, by packing »rd
 forwarding rolmnes to the above direction*, statute
 price ami style, may rely rpon their la-in” at II I i uihl
 on tlie most brnraiik trims, also curefuliv ami
 punctually retained.
 NJI. The proprietor has spared no expense
 fitting tip the otablishniriit, and introducing into
 Western New )«rk the latest improve aonl* in
 Book Binding.
 OWEN MORRIS.
 City Bindery, under the Museum.
BONTOft' mfiRT!gEMKKTjir~~
CLARKSON,
 LONDON EDITION—WITH T ITRAIT-
 A FEW copies of CLARKSON S 111. STORY
 OF THE ABOLITION OF THE SLAVE
 TRADE, with prefatory remark# on ihr mlsequent
 alwlitinn ,d* Sb\m; a heuutilul Ia nd&lt;&lt;n edition,
 with a fine Portrait of the Author, tknc on strci,—h
 book which rouki not hr imported lor k »s than three
 1 dolktis, ran he had at 21, Cornl:ill, if a| pi od l&lt; r
 immediately, at the ten- lour pi ice of O.v r Don. tit
 cash. Alm, EILOGIUM ON CLARKSON, by
 Ai.kx.oukr ri wwkll, at the reduced pi ice Jt
 I twehre and a half cent*.
 ROBERT MORRIS, Jr., Attorney ami Coon*
 sell,nr at laiw, Braarr’* Building, State Sticet.
 JOSEPH H. TURPIN would invite the lUtention
 of hi* friend* and the public to hi* DAGLEK
 RIAN GALLERY, A"o. 138, Ifauorrr ftrrit, where
 he pledges himself to execute Miniature* with a life
 like finish, and on a* moderate teiuis as any others
 i the profession.
 MACON B. AI.LEN, Attorney and Counsellor
 at la»w, Massachusetts Bl* ch.
 BOVS’ CLOTHING~
 OAMIF.L YYIIjSON, 11, Brattle Stm t, having
 o niaile recei t addition* to hi* stock, i.- pr« part'd t&lt;»
 furnish BOYS’ (LOIHINts, ,4 a* 50t.1l niatciial
 and fit, anti at a* cheap pi ices, as cun he obtained in
 the rit&gt;.
 NEW ENGLAND SECOND HAM&gt;
 CLOTHING STORE,
 j No. M&gt;, Union Strket, Boston.
 JOHN WRlfilll ket ps constantly on hand a
 gieut variety of New anti Second Hand Clothing
 Goods of all kinds, snch a* okl clothes, W. 1. "noth,
 1 Watches, Boots and Slm:cs, lie., exchanged tor new
 clothing. Cash ailvanrctl on all kii.ds of roods
 from one to one hundred dollui*.
 TOHN I) REVAI.EON, Hair tuning Salts.,,.
 O and Perfumery Emporium, 114, Blacks!,,,e-M.
 THE DELAWARE ABOLITIONIST.
 A th alu,rf name w ill he puMidtcd in
 fl. Y\.lmin f ton 1, by the Delaware Anfi-Maverv
 Society. It \&gt;,H lie edited b&gt; a Committee, and will
 lie published on a half medium sheet, at twenty-firo
 rents |&gt;c year, or for twentv-fonr minder*. It wilHe
 devoted to emancipation in Delaware, and will
 V'leale it* areomplisbintnt by all lawful mear*. »t
 wii be published senii-tiHinihly, if nuans ate ju
 lorded, or as often as the means Van lie id laired.
 JAMES 11. BROOKE
 l’iibli»hiitg A item.
 NORTIIAJirffiNjiATER CVRE.
 T„_ eirrtricit, nnd lly.rapnthr.
 Hr. pul lie are rcM t-t tlully ir.loi me,l, that since
 the philosophical deductions of the learned Di.
 Means, of F.uniry Collejje, (ia., anti the srieulifcu
 experiments of Mr. llrmnier of Eng la a, I,* have
 recently and imlnhitably established the fact, flat
 the rune Ills ions at which the limlersisnrd ainyed I v
 tlie sense of touch, in 1844, are in laiintny with,
 natural and physiological laws—to wit, that tlr
 nitfiuiii Innlv, in a liraltliy runiiition, i* in a jotitnr
 tfii triml aiutr, ami that’ the ckvtiiral rn analit i
 trom the riiticiilar surface, in,lit ate health, or li e
 symptoms nail character of disease—time is s,
 reason to hope, that retain hysiriat s, igm lanl of
 tliese principles or nafnrs.l L»ws, a knowledge 0 C
 winch IS essential to the safi anti iniclliqrnf 1 lartire
 of tlie healing art, will cease their voclit istioo
 against the rosiTlvn I.kctricwi. statk tfite
 human body, and will la sifate to dissuade th. m
 wlami limy hare failed to relieve of flair eon plan i- r
 from set king nature’s remedy at i|,e North* Mi'-
 TON W ATI.R Cure. Thus sustained ly the light
 ,4 science, the urulersigned may |e r rim'll fed Inr
 to repeat hi* experience, that, in all case* whur the
 wrist .stomach, or lungs, are in the elertrn-regniivr
 eon.li.mn, the ra.ient ,s beynad the power of wa.es
 to afford .rhef On the other hand, when ll„ ful i,
 of the body aMotletl to, are in the electro-positive
 state, however disananged, then.- is ground to hoi tt
 for a rurr. 1
 Hail not the results of past rears’ practice
 already convinced tlie ptildir of the safety or truth
 fulness of the principles by which the nndeVsigned is
 governed, in detecting the sym| toms and character
 of disease, anti practising rare, the recent srieu
 lific denmiistiatron of their correctness, l.y Professor
 Mesrn* and Mr. llemmer, eonkl not fail to convince
 Ihe most incredulous.
 Gratdady appreciating the credit so generously
 awartied for h.s sucres. as a llydrv pathic Bract,-
 tmner, by a discerning public, ami the gratitude
 evinced U those whom he has had the pleasure .0
 relieve therr complaints, the undersigned will
 ssstdwotw.y endeavor to sustain the credit,,nd
 tlraf gratitude, in the r ise of every invalid who mar
 afford bin. an opportunity to efleet a cure, by b.»
 "S™ 1 1 uhtloauphteal method of practice.
 Water Cure is plea.andy situ,
 atesl aear Bens.*njiHe, or. the west bank of I.irking
 f iM K V re T* ,wo *ad a half mile*
 n re of It con vcuieii.lv
 arrange,l, with separate parlors, bathing a„d die*,'
 mg-rormm, U Ud.es and Gentlemen, well veut.l
 ateti and eonveiueMiy fuini.hed kalging room#, a.sl
 avanety of laths, supplied with water, which, lor
 amaulanre, pmity, ami atlaptednes. «o waier-eme
 porposes, is Mnsurpassed by that of any o.brr r»u-
 Wuhment in this country. Tim scenery in tins
 viriiMiy is pietureaqoe and romantic. There are a
 varw-ty of pleasant walks, sufiu i, atly retired, to
 am&gt;w water-eure psilients to appear a* they should
 IthMMy dressed, enjoying tlieir rambks" wu!»Hit*
 wing ex|m*ad to pulihc gale or obvcryaium.
 Among the eomplaiiit* which sr* lure vm-eessfully
 treated, are liewilache, tendency of blood to tlie beat:
 ewld extremities, general and neryous debility br,nw
 &lt;»itis, pulmonary aflirrtion, liver ctmiplninl, Wm
 dice, acute or ehmtiie intt.-uuuiaiion ot the b,. w r t
 pdes.dyspepsia, gcucral tk-btbiy, nervows ami ruiaak
 altrrtMius, liilfaiumatorv ami chtonir rbcwnatism
 aewrahfia, armtica. lame li„d,-, pwralym.levet#, salt*
 rnewra, srrofukuas aial erysipelas hoiuots.
 All patii-Ms who visit this establishment £&gt;r 4
 rwtirse of trcwtmmr, slwrukl famish theiaselves a hi,
 threw eoadumbh s. Ham wooden
 two linen am! lluee rotUm shtrt*. t« 0 SC,
 Z -f
 hreMa, ami a pair of sbppwrs. UU
 r r* 4mW, d how are $5 50 to
 •ff ttprr week, payable weekly—vrashmg extra
 Pauewts revpsMing extra attewtiZa or hre tia-w
 w *n r«trt pt ire.
 AmfAampem, Jffww* 1848. EL titiU S
 N B. Vmmrs to the from &lt;U
 Ea-V tbe ears of the C,mt.
 Iw. Uarfu.gr. w,U
 Xm SbUr* U Nerthampu* d. ,ot, m
 A-* TV hliaanhlood.in a normal and healikv c««-
 “7”? m^ m •yMcm, is ia a positive Viaw.
 m t ty *aintaiaml by the activity ol IM
 thin— an excess generally pa*»-
 'he rwtM-ular ear fare, so that
 y r «APWiWNas mrnlu U Air. liemmer td
 u •arotwmi skin.” 322 indicated
 r J**!??* P*M»ve efccwirilv. This Miipko-'t*
 tka swrtacw. we Wlwvo la L* *ad*e-
 I* kt hrulthWl eoaditioa of the wbotc
 •••■■yi tad that w hen, from any caa*e, it
 dimmmhad w ouase., diseased action ensue.■”
 Sww mhfrusw,doUvercl U4*c the Me,lira! Coilcwe of
 Gtanm, at thw opening of its annual session. So*
 t. MM7, by A, Namm. A M.. M.D., Proletsor tt
 f aomistry and Pharmacy, and Pndessnr cf fhvsiosl
 Skieacc tn Emmy to At f» Gw., f«g« 23.
"
