"Notices.
 National Convention of the Mbf&gt;rtf
 l^mnp,
 The undersigned committee appointed a*
 Mactdon Licks in June. la&gt;» to call a Na
 tton.nl Corn nitron lime in the year 181*.
 do invite Thi»' who «i»h to proud** equal
 «*tl f* ■curium forth? right* of all item, to
 meet tn Convention at the city of Rochester,
 on the 3H day of May next, at 10 o'clock
 A M.. for ih*‘ purpose of nominating a can
 didate forth* 1 tee Presidency, and th*- trans
 action of auch other i*u»iuoMi a» ntav com*
 hrf..re ihe C*»»CUiotl.
 The convention will beheld in the Couri
 Udtne, and will continue two day*.
 F-. S. GiuirsT,
 W. I). Bu'.RITT,
 Wm. H. Smith,
 A. I'ITVMK!,.
 UlBtM PITT*,
 National I'utn. oi the liivrtv League
 IloNtovK, Feb. 20, 1818.
 Notick. \gre?ably to the recommend:*
 tio:i id* the Lilnot)-Party Convention, held ii
 Jnniyiry I*Jtl« nod Lilli, |*lB, n Na
 ♦toe d IcVrty Party Convention will be h* h
 in ihe city of Buffalo, on the llth and loti
 days of June, I*lB.
 Tht* Convention, from the fnet that itisex
 pcct&lt;r*l t» tMimiuatc candidate** lor P reside tu
 and V ico JViuiiknt; and l*&gt; take high and 1 1
 f*ctive ground in Ij-fialF of personal liberty
 free-trade, frec-r-oi!, exemption from the bur
 »len and enrao of war, and from othir viola
 lion* of the equal rights of all men, will proba
 bly uiiraet a largo concourse of persons anc
 bo of a deeply interesting character.
 .State League Convention.
 A mass convention for the nomination ol
 State officers, to bo supported by the LibcrK
 •Let gue at tlit ensuing fill election, will hr
 lioTd.m in the Court House, at Rochester, on
 the second day of June, at 10 o'clock A. M.
 T/:t our friends see to it that tlursarious
 parts of the State arc well represented.
 K. *S. Gji.bkrt,
 W. I). Balbitt,
 Wm. R. Smith,
 Hiram Pitts,
 A. Pkn-sel,
 Central Com. of the Liberty League.
 lloneoye, Feb. 20th, 1818.
 Notice:. —Messrs. E. H. Dunlop and S. 11.
 Day, are not agents for the Colored people ol
 Upper Canada, as is generally supposed and
 if they have collected money in their name, it
 has been done on their own responsibility,
 and not of the British American Abolition
 Society in the city of Toronto. Mr. Dunlop
 was dismissed from his agency for said society,
 on the first day of December, 18A7. Mr.
 Dunlop was sent out with Mr. Day, fin the
 solo jwirpose of getting signers to (establish a
 paper in the city of Toronto.
 In behalf of the Executive Committee of
 the B. A. A. Society,
 CHARLES FREEMAN, See..
 April £l, 1817.
 The Prisoners.
 A meeting was held in Boston on the 25th,
 in relation to the recent attempted escape of
 the slaves from Washington, and the inrpri
 sonni'nt of those concerned in it. A com
 mittee was appointed, and we publish below a
 'ireular issued by them. We need not com
 mend it to tho attention of our readers
 To the Trinuh &lt;\f Liberty through ntf the United
 State*
 The und irsigncd, at a public meeting of
 citizens of Boston, hold at Faneuil Hall, on
 the 25th last., in relation to the roceut arrest,
 at Washington, of three men, charged with
 assisting the escape of fugitive slaves, were
 authorized to collect money and employ coun
 sel, for tho purpose of defending llrcsc men,
 and ol bringing before the Supreme Vuirt of
 the. United States the question of the legality
 of slavery in tho District of Columbia.
 Our action in this matter can furnish no col
 or of pretence to charge ns with meddlesome
 interference. Whatever may be the ease in
 the States, slavery in the District oY Columbia
 is a national allair— our allair. Over that
 District Congress possesses sole and exclu
 sive- jurisdiction. It is the citizens of the
 I mted Slates who are the jailors of these
 men.
 Wr duty that the Constitution confers on
 Congress any power to establish, or to main
 tain slavery, m territory over which itpossess
 es exclusive jurisdiction. This is a most im
 portant question, in reference not only to the
 District of Columbia, hut to the tcnitoryl
 about to be acquired fiom Mexico. We wish f
 to bring it before the. Supreme Court, and to
 have it presented there, along with some
 other closely related questions, liv the very
 ablest counsel. To do that, money is needed
 and \vc cull on you, friends of liberty, to fur
 nish it. Even pirates and murderer** are en
 titled to counsel—how much more, guilty
 only of an act of humanity, prisoners in the
 iuiil.it of a hostile community, surrounded by
 enemies thirsting for their blood 1 This call,
 we know, will not he iri vain. We suggest
 ihe expediency of setting subscript ions on foot
 in the principal towns. All remittances to
 our Treasurer, J. P. Blanchard, or to .Samuel
 E. Sewall, 10 State street, or Francis Jack
 son, 27 Stale street, or to any member of the
 'ommittee, will be acknowledged through the i
 public prints, and the expenditure duly ac-1
 counted for. Editors friendly to liberty are
 requested to give this a few insertions.
 SAMUEL MAY,
 SAMUEL G. HOWE,
 SAMUEL E. SEWALL,
 Kit HARD HILDRETH,
 ROBERT MORRIS, Jr.,
 FRANCIS JACKSON,
 KEIZER WRIGHT,
 JOSEPH SOUTH WICK, 1
 WALTER HANNING,
 J. W. BROWNE,
 HENRY 1. DOW DITCH,
 WM. F. ('HANNING,
 JOSH. P. BLANCHARD,
 JAMES M. WHJTON,
 CHARLES LIST.
 Boston, April gB, l'G?*.
 lU7* The bail fixed upon is $70,000;
 about $lOOO for each prisoner.
 Anniversary of British West India
 Emancipation.
 A mooting w ill bo h dd at '/ions Church,
 Spring street, on Monday eve., May 22d, at 7*
 v clock, to make arrangement* for the of
 August celebration.
 AH friends of huivntfy art* invitci) to be
 j^rcseal.
 Signed in behalf of many.
 JAMES SHARPE,
 J. I*. MORRIS,
 RALPH FRANCIS,
 JOHN 8. BISHOP,
 JT. HAWKINS,
 CHARLES JOINER,
 W M. C. VELL
 Western New York Anti-Ha very Modety.
 Tl»c Executive Committee will meet oo
 Tuesday evening i.**xr, M»y «f3i, at tbej
 Anti-Slavery Office, 25, Buffalo Street.
 Attend nee i* requited at 7 o'clock pec
 fu*e!y. J
 W C NELL, TLe. S.c. j
Awciiva* A*ii-SlnTe«r t'ocictfv
 We tyr mdshted to the Ne* York Tribe iw
 for thd|iifll»'wi*|f report
 These mertwi* for business end di«rgMni
 w ere continued at the Mitten a Rooms, fore
 ottwi and afternoon of the 12th inst., and ad
 onm**d a limit belt part, 3 e'd.«Ht.
 The discussions mere of an exciting uni
 interesting character, tlie utmost freedom o
 debate being allowed on the resolutions, a
 which distinguishes this body fron
 other societies which IhiKl th«ir anrnverMMei
 hi this city. ’Hie principal speakers wen
 W end ell Phillips, Kdmond Quincy, Parkei
 j Pillsbury. f\ Burleigh, Luer* tia Mott, W
 L- Garrison, and H. C. Wright, llic fol
 lowing are the resolutions adopted by iht
 Society at the various meetings.
 \N letcas, An attempt has Iteen made it
 the District of Columbia, by a large body o
 i slaves, to obtain their freedom hy tlight, bu
 unsuccessfully and whereas, tliey ucreaidct
 in this design to secure liberty for themselvei
 and their children by Captain JSayres and hn
 crew, of the schooner Pearl of Philadelphia
 who are now lying in prison in the city o
 W ashington, to be tried as felons; and w hero
 as, this ooeunrence has caused great excite
 incut in I lie District aforesaid, and Jed to i
 fierce debate in the Halls ot Congress, on tin
 part of the tSenators and Represent
 atives, in which the conduct of Capt. Sayrei
 and his ass'K-iat -s has been stigmatized ai
 leionious and piratical, and every one win
 sympathizes with those martyrs branded ai
 actesKiry to robliery and outrage There
 fi*e.
 I Resolved, That this attempt by the slave
 alluded to, receives the cordial approbation o
 the American Anti-Slavery Society, as it mtis
 °f ever}’ one vho is not a traitor to his race
 and excites the joyful hope that these are bu
 drop* of a coming shower, w high shall covei
 the whole Southern country.
 Resolved, That it is the riplit of the slavi
 to escape from big prison-hour*c whenever e
 favorable opportunity is presented, and the
 duty of all to hide the outcast, and betray noi
 hitn that wandereth, whatever may be the
 consequences.
 Resolved, That most deeply do we sympa
 thise with the recaptured in view of the dire
 ful sufferings to which they will be subjected
 by their merciless oppressors but our sorrow
 j is greatly assuaged by the firm conviction, that
 though for the time being they may have
 riveted more closely their ow n chains, the ef
 fect of their laudable example upon die mill
 i ions of their brethren in bondage, will be to
 i inspire them with a determination to be free,
 and to hasten the day of their deliverance.
 Resolved, that (’apt. Sayres and his asso
 ciates, by endeavoring to secure for these
 slaves a safe and peaceful mode of escape on
 (ward the schooner Pearl, that they might
 stand in the enjoyment of freedom under the
 British ilag in Canada, ar.d not crouch as
 beasts under the star-spangled banner, per
 formed a noble and Christian act, which'is
 worthy of constant imitation, under favorable
 circumstances, and that they deserve, and
 will receive, the blessings of those who are
 ready to perish, and the plaudits of the friends
 of freedom universally.
 Resolved, That slavery in the District of
 Columbia, from the hour that District was
 coded to the United States to the present time,
 has been illegal and unconstitutional, because
 the American Government is not empowered
 to create, prolong or tolerate slavcrv in any
 territorial possession that every slaveholding
 enactment by Congress has been an act of
 usurpation, and is, therefore, null and void
 that every slaveholder in the District s legally
 and constitutionally guilty of felony 'and,
 therefore, that Capt. Sayres has violated no
 law of the land in transporting slaves and
 passengers from the District in his vessel.
 Resolved, That we rejoice to know that the
 case of Capt. Sayres and his companions is to
 he carried up to the 11. S.Snpreme Court by the
 friends of constitutional Jaw, and there vindi
 cated as innocent on the ground of the illegal
 ity of slavery in the District of Columbia;
 and that Court is hereby solemnly admonished
 to calculate, if it can, the consequences that
 will follow a decision sentencing those inno
 cent and noble men to an imprisonment for
 years. -r
 Resolved, That slaveholders, as such, can
 have no rights that ihey have no Rightful
 evi.-n nec on earth they w ere never treated
 by God, and constitute no part of (be human
 race tliev are of monstrous and diabolical ori
 gin, and no law, no constitution, no compact,
 no religion, that endorses their humanity, is to
 be obeyed or tolerated.
 Resolved, I hat while we appreciate the
 presence of Mr. Jlale in the United States
 Senate, delight in the irankness and seiPde
 votion of Mr. Palfrey, and in the gallantry,
 courage and boldness of Mr. Ghidings, of
 Ohio, on the subject of slavery, w hen brought
 to the consideration of Congress, we de
 plore the melancholy necessity of their po
 sition, which obliges them to stop so for
 short of w hat the hour and the duty of every
 Americau citizen requires; and we are espe
 cially sorry, though not surprised, that nu n,
 professing to be abolitionists, are found wil
 ling 10 hold up ns the highest representative
 of an anti-slavery political idea, one who. like
 Mr. Hale, has never vet avowed himself an
 abolitionist; w ho, indeed, has broken no
 pledges, because he never made any, but who
 lias avowed no principles upon the subject
 more radical than those of the Young Demo
 crats ot New A ork, and the oung Whigs of
 Massachusetts, and the mass of soft-spoken
 men throughout the Union.
 MEXICAN WAR.
 Resolved, That the man who has borne
 arms against Mexico is a traitor to humanity,
 and an enemy of American institutions; the
 statesman who consents to the acquisition of
 an inch of American territory on nnv condition
 whatever, betrays the right of the North,
 ‘hough lie hastens that welcome event, the
 downhill oft Uo Union and that the aboiition
 irl who counts the Wilinot Proviso as any
 thing hut breath—a reed set up against the
 Mississippi _ has yet the A, li, C of his cn
 t ‘rprise to learn.
 Resolved. That while we bid God-speed to
 every' movement d signed and calculated to
 overthrow every species of oppression, whe
 ther affecting the interests or rights of white
 or black men, we must reiterate our convic
 tion— .unified as it i» by iminmerahle facte—
 that the anti-slavery movement in ihiscountrv,
 in heighth and depth, iu length and breadth,
 in its promise to r the fut re, its conflict with
 everything spurious in the Church, and every
 thin!! corrupt in the State, in its tendency to
 overleap ail .sectarian and political harriers, in
 cultivating the spirit of universal love, in
 propagating the world-reconciling doctrine of
 human brotherhood, i# ihe umst radical of all
 the reforms of the day, and its triumph is
 essential to the success of every other.
 ResoPVd, That tliey who are affirming that
 the condition of the white working classes is
 more intolerable and more to lie dcplomi than
 that of the slave population—that ‘what they
 absurdly call wages slavery’ is worse than
 chattel slavery—do grossly msull the common
 t- nse of mmkmd, betray a lack of knowl
 edge or of principle, and are not to be trusted
 tn the sdvorary of the (l f fo.
 b*r; for, w hntever sre the grievances of the
 while lalwmg population, they b-* r no com
 parison to those under which tlie slaves are
 gru.ityig; and it the tree workingmen in the
 land art to ady extent deprived of ibmrjustj
 rights- by bad 1 gMarion, the fault is in great
 Ct their own, because they hold in their
 d* the political power of the country they
 «n eresiti and they destroy, whercss, ihc
 dam of (tin South are utterly deprived of all
 heir rights, and are therefore (Hmerless.
 Resolved, That while we would nut throw
 i straw in the- way of the improvement ami
 clkf of th« white working claw.*#, nor iu any
 runner dWounge, but or. the contrary r t
j then in tlifir efforts, warmly rncourags than
 ,1 lo throw off any burdens under which they
 an I.during, we would submit to them the
 Cituity of their expecting to achieve sorb a
 victory for themselves, while they scorn and
 despise the colored population on aceoent of
 their complexion, refuse to work with them
 •n equal terms, elevate slaveholders to office,
 and array themselves against ibe anti-shivery
 movement.
 Resolved, that the abolitionists of the coun
 try .should keep it in constant remembrance,
 tliat an efficient instrumentality in their hands
 is to petition tbe Slate Legislatures to repeal
 ail laws making any Opprobrious or unequal
 distinction between the inhabitants on account
 of their com pit-sum or condition and, espe
 cully, to memorialize Congress to call a Con
 vention of the People of the United States, in
 devise measures for the peaceful dissolutioa of
 the Union, in w hich it is impossible for the
 dements of liberty and slavery to coalesce,
 or tyrants ami freemen to live in peace to
 gether.
 H*. solved, That recognizing as we do, with
 profound gratitude the wonderful progress of
 our cause during the last eighteen years, yet
 ccKisidering the effort made to ooovince the
 i community that the ecclesiastical organizations
 of ihe country will and can abolish the sys
 tem, nnd that the political parties are ready
 1 and able to grapple w ith the evil, this society
 •i feels bound to reiterate its convictions that the
 •July exodus for the slave out of his house
 of bondage, is over the ruins of the present
 American chutch and the present American
 Union.
 Resolved, That this Society takes occasion
 i at the first meeting held since the reception of
 s, the Remonstrance addressed by forty thousand
 women of Scotland to the women of this land
 to express its deep gratitude to the friends ol
 i justice and liberty in old Scotland for this no-
 I ble effort in behalf of the American slave, its
 i appreciation of the amount of labor necessary
 to embody so imposing a testimony, and the
 i c ireial joy it feels in know ing that in the dread
 struggle waging here against such over
 whelming odds, we have the sympathy and
 help of the abolitionists of Scotland fur our
 J comfort and encouragement,
 j Resolved, That as Republicans, we are
 proud to remember that one of the first acts
 of the French people, after the achievement ol
 l their own liberty, was to decree the imme
 diate emancipation of the slaves throughout
 the Republic and we are glad the cause ol
 freedom abroad is thus relieved from the
 heavy burden which our hypocrisy has laid
 upon it; and more especially, as abolitionists,
 we rejoice in the noble rebuke of American
 I inconsistency—glad that France stands side
 j by side with England, Denmark, Tunis, Al
 j giers and Hungary, as a lover of human lib
 ertv, and that the nation whose earlv strug-
 I gles Lafayette so devotedly aided, offers thus
 to the world the fullest atonement in its power
 I for that error which saddened the last years
 of the philanthropist and patriot—that of hav
 ing drawn his sword in founding a slavebold
 ing Republic.
 The following are the officers of the Society
 fot the ensuing year:
 President,
 WILLIAM LLOYD GARRISON.
 Corresponding Secretary,
 Sidney H. Gay..
 Recording Secret ary,
 Wendell Ppil&amp;ifs.
 Treasurer,
 Francis Jackson.
 Rt rev tire Committee,
 W. L. Garrison, Maria W. Chapman,
 •W. H. (’banning, Sidney H. Gay,
 Francis Jackson, Edmund Quincy,
 Eliza LceFollen, J. R. Lowell,
 Wendell Phillips, Anne W. Weston,
 Sarah Pugh, Chas. F, llozey.
 New-York State Vigilance Committee.
 This body held a meeting at Zion Church,
 corner of Leonard and Church sts. on Tues
 day. Iu the absence of the President, Isaac
 T. llofpkr, the Cliaii was taken by Rev. S.
 I S. Jocelyn.
 This Society, which is composed mostly of
 colored people, is instituted expressly for the
 j management of the underground railroad, and
 to judge by the results, keep its business in
 constant activity. It employs an ageut, whose
 whole time is occupied in collecting monies,
 providing for fugitive slaves when among us,
 and in forwarding them h&gt; places of safety
 and in all possible ways promoting the inter
 ests of the society. According to the report
 of this agent, read nt the meeting last night,
 j since October last the Society have afforded
 1 aid to 10G fugitives whom they have sent to
 various places of safety, mostly in the United
 States. We copy a single paragraph:
 “While we cannot but deplore the unfortun
 ate issue of the recent attempt to obtain their
 rights on the part of a large portion of our
 brethren and sisters, we would not be discour
 aged. Our rails have not been taken up—
 while friends and foes were earnestly discus
 sing this affair, three noble-looking men walk
 ed peaceably through the city of Washington
 on their way from old Virginia, arrived safely
 in New York, and are now where their op
 pressors will not probably follow them.”
 The meeting was first addressed by Wm.
 Blown, a fugitive slave, in a speech which
 was forcible throughout and often rose to
 thrilling eloquence. Rev. Mr. Garnet fol
 lowed in an address hardly less effective. We
 venture to say that abler speeches than these
 two were made at few if any of the many
 meetings which took place yesterday.—
 Tribune.
 Meeting for the Promotion of Educa
 tion among C olored Children.
 This meeting took place on Monday night
 in Zion Church, corner of Church and Leon
 ard streets. The election of office bearer*
 for the Society for the ensuing year was the
 first business which was gone iuto.
 i he annual report of the Society was next
 read, which gave a detailed account of the
 formation of the institution—its labors and
 difficulties in a pecuniary point of view, Ac.,
 &amp;c. The report stated that the Society had
 been formed in July, 1616; but from the'diffi
 culties and prejudices which it had to encoun
 ter at the commencement, but little good
 resulted from their labors during the first
 year. In the spring of 16-17, they had esta
 blished w hat they called a high school of edu
 cation for colored children; but it was now
 inijKisrihh; lo continue that school on ac
 count of the necessary funds not being forth
 coming. At tbe commencement of the
 Society, they only nuir.l&gt;ered twelve mem
 bers; now, however, they could boast of
 upwards of one hundred and twelve. The
 chairman of the meeting (the Rer. Mr. S.
 E. Cornish) after the adoption of the report,
 introduced the Rev. J. W. C. Uenningtou(a
 man of color) to the meeting, who moved a
 resolution to the effect that the society ought
 to endeavor to lay the foundation for esta
 blishing norma! schools, so that the school
 masters may be regularly taught for the
 office of teachers, and thereby make it one of
 tlie learned protrusion*. Education said he,
 u one of the most important and laudable
 aiuiumeuta which tbe human tutnd can be
 possessed of; and why but make public
 teachers professor*! It was at one time a
 matter of disputation u liethtr or not a colored
 man’s head could hold as much knowledge as
 would save his soul fr«n |&lt;erdrtion; these
 prejudices had now pasted away, and it wm
 for hr* colored brethren to show in their
 turn, that they were about as far advanced to
 edscaitoa and the science of literature aa their
 w bite brethren of this great republic, J| ip
 now high time that we show tlmm that we
 can think for oararlve? aa well aa they can do.
 Go into all the Übmnes connected with the
 public maftuuuwa of lb’* great city, and you
 will hod but precious few volumes on Utm
 ture, that are tbe prudccLou of Americana;
 all tbe works of m*nt have been inujorieo
 from the old country —so that we have really
 ttirr.aud the abilities of out white lneihrvn
in these State* M ton higLys vatm The pee
 eof this country deny the aristocracy of
 gland for their coercion of the eastern
 eatHxi*, while at home they bold a far mere
 obnoxious distinction between the mdn of
 Color, and what they have been pleased to
 denominate the intelligent whites. It i*
 high time that these distmrtions were sunk in
 the abyss of oWttioo, and there is nothing hot
 education that will ever accomplish this end,
 by the establishment of normal schools it
 will also keep out from our ranks adventurers
 who, in too many instances, have much
 depreciated the education of our rising genera
 tion. —The Rev’d gentleman concluded bv
 moving the adoption of this rmolation, which
 was seconded by Mr. Charles L. Reason,
 and earned unanimously.
 I)r. J. McC’une Smith next read the finan
 cial report, from which it appeared that the
 j society w as, in the meantime, in debt to the
 amount of *2fM). He also read a long, per
 tinent, and philosophically got op essay of
 j his own, regarding the propriety of equal edu
 cation to the rich and pom. He concluded by
 recommending that the society adopt the spirit
 j of the essay, which was unanimously agreed
 to.
 The Rev. H. 11. Garnet next moved a reso
 lution, in effect that the greatest amount of
 good was to be derived to a community by
 educating rich and poor, colored and while,
 in the very same seminaries. “This age,"
 said he, “is a revolutionizing age the time
 has been when we did. not expect to see revo
 lutions hut now we expect to see than, and
 they are daily passing before our eyes; and
 change after change, and revolution after revo
 lution will undoubtedly take place, until ail
 men are placed bjxmi equality. Then, and
 not till then, will all enjoy that liberty and
 equality that Gud has destined us to partici
 pate in.
 M. R. Delany.
 The following account of his efforts is copied
 from the Cincinnati! Herald. We regret that
 I his communication did not arrive in season for
 this paper. It will appear next week.
 The address of Dr. Mr. R. Delany, (onq
 of the Editors of the North Star,) Rochester,
 1 a colored man, on the subject of Slavery, on
 Monday evening last in the Sixth Congrega
 tional Church, was an extraordinary produc
 tion in more than one respect. Apart from
 I its being a well arranged discourse, clear, dis
 tinct, and forcible, from one of a proscribed
 and disfranchised race, it was a most bold and
 manly denunciation of the religious and politi
 cal hypocrisy of the times.
 He made but a short exordium, and plung
 ed into the midst of his subject, without cir
 cumlocution, or any labored effort to do the
 agreeable. From his earnest, grave and en
 ergetic manner, it was evident that he felt the
 importance of the work he had to perform,
 and that he had no time to lose in smoothing
 over sentences made up of soft nothings.
 He began by adverting to the well Known
 persecutions which arc everyw here through
 out our land heaped upoi the African race.—
 The societies u-ith which he acted had been
 charged with irrcligion, in that they desecra
 ted the Christian Sabbath, by discoursing up
 on political and other worldly topics, and by
 the vending of books and tracts on that holy
 day. Against this charge he defended him
 self and associates, on the ground that they
 held the entire seven days of the week to be
 holy, on no one of which did they feel .them
 selves at liberty to think or act irreverently
 before God. He then examined ihe mode of
 Sabbath keeping by his professed Christian
 aecusers. The law concerning the Sabbath,
 he said, required that no work be performed
 on that day hy servants, or by the cattle; yet
 where was the Christian that would not har
 ness his horse, and drive him to church, w hile
 at the same time liis servants were kept em
 ployed in his household duties? This was a
 clear violation of the very letter of the law.—
 Hut to proclaim the glad tidings of Peace
 on earth and good will towards men,” either
 orally or by books and tracts, was not contra
 ry to the gospel.
 It was not uncommon forchristian ministers
 (so called) to teach that slavery isa Divine in
 stitution, and the doctor here named a cata
 logue of well known jxipular Divines who so
 I teach and it was no uncommon thing for a
 jiious gentleman or ladp to sell into slavery a
 man, a woman, or a child, and deposit the
 proceeds into the funds of a Tract, Missionary,
 or Bible Society. The Church, lie contended,
 was anti-Christian.
 'Flic people were not free. This charge
 was ably sustained, hy showing de tail politi
 cal rights were vested in 250,000 slaveholders
 of the South. He referred to the fact lhat
 Pennsylvania disfranchised her 40,000 free
 persons of color, at the dictum of A irpinia;
 bespoke also of Maryland's demand upon
 New Jersey, and of Kentucky's mandate to
 Ohio, &amp;c., uli of w hich had been implicitly
 obeyed. Then came a thorough review of
 Texas annexation, in which the power of
 Southern slaveholder*, and the servility of
 Northern politicians were held up in strong
 light. In this view of the Texas business,
 with its terrible and disgraceful consequences,
 there was administered a most awfully severe,
 castigation upon the degenerate character of
 Americans. They weie taunted with the
 epithet of cowards, for refusing to war with
 England,after the I )uke of YVellington’s t hreat
 ening speech in Parliament, and immediately
 afterward making an attack upon Mexico, who
 was too feeble to offer them even a decent re
 sistance. He affirmed that the war was in
 stigated for the acquisition of slave territory,
 at the behest of Southern slaveholders.
 He declared himself opposed to such a gov
 ernment and religion as he had described.—
 He would, in the language of Frederick
 Douglass, Welcome the bolt, whether from
 Heaven or llcll, that shall strike down and
 sever a Union that is built upon the liberties
 of the people.”
 D~p The National Reformer of this city
 seems to be rather piqued that we did not
 give a more extended notice of the French
 Sympathy Meeting. Probably tome of the
 Reformer's particular friends spoke on the
 occasion. If is so, we were not
 aware of it, or we should probably have en
 deavored, as far as our mean ability extends,
 to have given the world notice of the import
 ant occurrence. The Reformer says—
 The North Star says, speaking of the
 Sympathy Meeting, it “was addressed by
 Aid. Greig, Aid. Smith, J. C. Chumaaero,
 Esq., Hun. S. S. Bowne, Hon. \Vm. C.
 Bloss, and several others
 Exactly. This reminds as of notice* we
 have have seen in Southern papers, some
 thing like the follow ing:
 Steam Boat Accidext. —The steam
 boat Eclipse, on her downward passage, col
 lapsed a due. We regret to state, that Hon.
 Mr. Jones and his little son, were slightly
 scalded by the aocideat. No other injury
 was sustained by the boat or crew, if we
 except the iact that several horses on board,
 together w ill) two daves belonging to Mr. J.,
 were scalded to death.”
 If Aid. Greig, Aid. Smith, Ac., do not
 object to be likened to the slightly scalded
 Mr. Jones and little son, and those whom
 we called some other*” do not object
 to being likened to the more unfortunate
 horses and slaves, the North Star will be the
 last to enter any complaint.
 Cecrtjv to ths N eoroes. —At Opelousas,
 La., on the 22*1 ult., a poor colored man
 h»med Jem, who had been arrested for debt,
 *m lynched by a mob, and whipped mate un
 minr.fally. He was restored to the pofcee,
 and next moaning was found dead in prison!
 What patriot in hemes most hb murderess
 have been
THE NORTH STAR.
ROCHJESTKR, MAY 19, IfM?.
TW Aiilniunr at JTcw Tartu
 We hasten to give our leaders some ac
 count of the recent anniversary of g»e Ameri
 ca® Anti ah very society, premising, however,
 that we base little hope of imparting to them
 any adequate idea of the thrilling grandeur
 of the occasion. It must be seen, to be felt and
 appreciated. This annual gathering of free
 dom *a chosen friends is always a season of
 gTeat interest to os; bat we are free to aay,
 that this last meeting far transcended any
 which we hate heretofore attended. On en
 tering the Tast hall of the Broadway Taber
 nacle, and gazing for a moment on the ear
 nest multitude who had assembled to bear the
 boldest blast of freedom, out eye was di
 rected to the noble address to American
 women, signed by forty thoosapd of their
 Scotch sisters, calling upon them in the name
 of the all-merciful and ever-living God, to
 exert themselves for the peaceful deliverance
 from thraldom of the millions who are at this
 hour groaning in cruel bondage upon Amer
 ican s il. This address hung in graceful
 festoons from pillar to pillar, around the vast
 hall, leaving still a roll of many fathoms rest
 ing on a stand beside a pillar going through
 the platform. At this stand sat Henry C.
 W right, with pen in hand, noting the pro
 ceedings no doubt, preparing a communica
 tion to those very noble women abroad, whose
 free spirit seemed hovering over and around
 U 3 on this occasion, bidding us to be firm and
 fearless in the great cause we had met to
 subserve. On the platform there sat a galas v
 of light and strength, such as is seldom wit
 nessed in any meeting for any purpose. Isaac
 T. Hopper, the friend of the fugitive, whose
 venerable appearance gave the idea that he
 was the spiritual father of us all, was there.
 William Lloyd Garrison, the pioneer of the
 cause, and the president of the Society, wj*-
 there. Lucretia Mott, whose earnest, Wit
 tranquil countenance, imparts faith and hope
 to all around her, was there. We must,
 however, hfsten on; to name them will be
 sufficient. Charde Speare and Francis Jack
 son, of Boston; Rev. Samuel J. May, of
 Syracuse; Wendell Phillips, Esq., Rev.
 Theodore Parker, Rev. Samuel May, of Lei
 cester, Wm. W. Brown, the fugitive slave,
 Edmund Quincy, Esq., Charles L. Remond,
 Abby Kelly Foster,Parker Pillsbury,and Rev.
 John Pierpont of Troy—were all on the plat
 form, and were the observed of all observers.
 Wc. wish every slaveholder in the land could
 have caught a glimpse of those faces—could
 have looked at the men and the women who
 have opened their giant intellect to, and
 directed their energies against this system of
 slavery. It would be a lesson even to John
 C. Calhoun.
 The meeting was called to order by the
 President, William Lloyd Garrison, who an
 nounced that truths might be uttered during
 the meeting, that would cause the heart of
 the toil-worn bondman to leap up with joy,
 and that of his tyrant master to quiver with
 fear. This was said with an emphasis and
 solemnity that stripped the words of all ap- j
 pearance of declamation, and gave them a
 place in the consideration of the audience. A
 moment was now given for any person to offer
 prayer, which was embraced by Rev. The
 odore Parker, who addressed the throne of
 grace in a most solemn and appropriate
 prayer. A lesson of Scripture, bearing
 directly on the subject, was then read by the
 Rev. Samuel J. May; after which, the
 treasurer’s report was read by Francis Jack
 son, setting forth the receipts and disburse
 ments of the society during the past year,
 which amounted to nine thousand dollars.
 The report was adopted. The President at
 once introduced the Rev. Theodore Parker to
 the meeting, who made a most profound and
 impressive speech. Jle spoke like one ac
 quainted with the centre, not less than the
 circle of things. He penetrated the inner
 temple of our national heart, and exposed to
 view the fierce contest going on between
 moral purity and moral corruption therein,
 backing up his theory by the startling de
 velopments of our age and nation We ill
 not, however, mar this speech by any attempt
 at reporting either his words or ideas. A
 reporter was present, catching the words as
 they fell from his lips, and our readers shall
 have them in all their purity and perfection in
 due season. Mr. Parker spoke nearly an hour,
 rising,widening and deepening in interest to the
 end. The attention to his words was per
 fect, and the appreciation of his speech was
 more discernible in the deep stillness of the
 audience, than by loud demonstrations of ap
 plause.
 The next speaker was Lucretia Mott. The
 general buzz which runs round a gvide con
 gregation, after being held in breathless atten
 tion for an hour, died away as she gently
 advanced towards the front of the platform,
 so that when she reached the point from
 wbieh she intended to speak, all was still and
 calm. Her subject was the progress of re
 form. To all who have any acquaintance
 with this noble woman, we need not say a
 single word of the excellence of her address.
 It was one of the most calm, clear and hope
 ful addresses to which we ever listened. We
 are confident that not a word was lost. There
 is, in the absence of any great strength in
 the voice of Mrs. Mott, a wonderful clearness
 of utterance and a gentleness of manner,
 which so completely rivets attention that she
 was able to be beard distinctly in all parts of
 the halt There was one thing connected
 with her speech on the occasion, which is s
 glorious sign of progress, mod that was,
 the complete absence of all noisy excitement
 in the audience, indicating feeling on account
 of a woman's speaking. Every one seemed
 to listen with the attention due to a great
 mind sad a pure heart, without appearing to
 think fur s moment of the sex of the speaker.
 Mrs. Mott spoke nearly three quarters of an
 hoar.
 At the daw of her speech, Wendell
 Phillips, Esq., took the platform, and was
 hailed by the audience with a shoot of ap
 plause, such as seldom greets s reformer on
 an anti-slavery platform. He is the same
 majestic Wendell who fur s dozen years has
 stood in the vanguard of anti-slavery speak
 ers and principle*,,lpved and admired by all
 who stand in the fxwu ranks of liberty’s ad
 vancing host, and feared aa ranch as he is
 hated by the cowardly w avseers that lag behind.
 Stepping to th* front of the pkrtfunn, with
an ■linm jmm »npwlirri~iyr ease and grace, h&lt;
 procrc-dcd to read a wnolutkO rc«ffirmirj
 tlmt the Exodus of the bond
 man is over the ruins of the Amcricat
 Thurrh aed Constitution. Tie readme o
 this resolution teeught down a storm o
 hisses from all pens of the hafl, which wen
 protracted for several minutes. It wai
 worth our whole journey from Rochester to
 New York to behold the fare and attitude o
 Wendell while that funous storm was raging
 —calm and serene as a summer’s mom. Af
 ter this storm was over, lie read his resolutior
 a second time, and proceeded to make one o
 his most powerful and eloquent spcoelfs
 charming friends as well as disarming foes
 bearing the w hole au&lt;honcc w ith him.
 After Mr. Phillips, we were called upon,
 awl responded in a few remarks at tho do*
 of which, the Hutchinson Family pouredirpor
 tho audience from the rdknr, one of thee
 soul-stirring songs, which sent a thrill of dc
 light through the assembly. Here the meet
 ing closed. F. D.
 To Our Friends.
 Since the last issue of the North Stai
 a very encouraging list of subscribers ba-sbeui
 received, both from the blast and the TV ost
 which as we may safoly predict, is hut a:
 drops of the coming shower! for the peoph
 seem now to be w ide awake to the important
 of sustaining the enterprise, and are ready to
 forward their names and the cash. Frim
 among our letters, the following words o
 cheer, will suffice as a specimen —A list ol
 donations will soon be published.
 Williamson, May 15,1848.
 W. C. Nlll :—Sir, being reminded by
 notice iu the Star, that our subaerption wil
 soon expire, I hasten to enclose I, the re
 quisitc amount to ensure us a reading of youi
 valuable paper for the remainder of the year.
 The Star is ever hailed with delight on ib
 appearar.ee in our family circle. Got! speci
 you in your blessed work.
 Accompanying this is a small sum in atldi
 Bon to our subscription.
 Yours, for the right,
 JOHN S. MOTT.
 The North Star. —With Number 28
 Friday, June 23, 1818, will terminate the firs
 six months. We therefore notify those whoa
 terms will then expire, that they nviv have
 sufficient time to, ad ranee their subscriptions
 The facilities fur rendering the Star an inter
 esting paper, and valuable Anti-Slavery in
 strumentality, arc daily increasing. Abb
 correspondents in and out of the country, wil
 contribute to its columns. It is the intenlioi
 of all connected with the paper, to avail them
 selves of every means of its improvement
 and confidently solicit tho co-operation of it
 friends.
 !N'ow’« tho day, and nowV tho hour.*’
 Practical Elocution.
 D. V Gatos on two evenings of last wee
 submitted to his follow-citizens recitations an
 imitations of distinguished orators and delinca
 tions of tragic and comic characters. Hi
 efforts were very successful, though not wit
 nessodby as large ail audience as In deserved
 Mr. Gates is qurio a young man, who, by hi
 self-taught exertions, has nlreatUp, receivn
 favorable notice from the preaßl|ff seven
 cities.
 ITIs performances are characterized by tha
 jenius which, if assiduously cultivated, wil
 yet win for him a generous share of public at
 and patronage. His friends, espe
 cially the young men, should extend to hia
 tha hand of encouragmnent. The following
 is a tribute to the advantages of such exer
 rises, from the gifted mind of Channing
 In the meantime, is there not an amuse
 ment, having an affinity with the drama
 which might be usefully introduced among us
 1 mean Recitation. A work of genius, re
 cited by a man of refined taste, enthusiasm
 and powers of elocution, is a very pure ant.
 tiigh gratification. Were this art cultivated
 Mid encouraged, great numbers, now insensi
 ble to the most beautiful compositions, niighl
 be waked up to their excellence and power.—
 It is not easy to conceive of a more effis*tua!
 way of spreading a refined taste through a
 The drama, undoubtedly, aj&gt;-
 peals more strongly to the passions than rrri
 lations but the Utter brings out the meaning
 af the author more. Shakespeare, worthily
 recited, would be better understood than or
 die stage. Recitation, sufficiently varied, uti
 is to include pieces of chaste wit, as well as
 af pathos, beauty and sublimity, is well adapt
 ed to our present intellectual progress.”

 It has been intimated that Mr. Gates and
 brother will soon give another Exhibition. Il
 jo, they should be greeted by all w ho are fond
 if devoting an hour with the poets ant
 luthors.—w. c. s.
 “Liberty oh Death!” 83id the grea
 Virginia orator, and a nation’s plaudits rung
 rot in honor of the noble sentiment. Liber
 iy or death cries the poor Alabama slave
 is the waves close over him, and no one telit
 as lus name.— Pittsburgh 1 ’inter.
 Astronomy.
 Professor Dewey proposes a course of tet
 ar more lectures on this interesting science.—
 The introductory was given on Tuesday eve
 rung last, during which lie exhibited an orr
 ery, the donation of several young men o
 Rochester. This apparatus is adapted to il
 lusirate the lectures, and will render tht
 course a valuable one indeed. The ncx
 lecture will be this (Friday) evening. Singh
 tickets twelve and a half cents. For tfo
 course, $l.
 Correction. Rev. Mr. Sheer, Cbaplaii
 of the Senate, denies having bad a converss
 lion with Hope 11. Slatter in the cars, whih
 the recaptured fugitives were leaving Wash
 ingtoo.
 A Problem.— South Carolina, says tfo
 Kentucky Examiner, has less thaa 20 pci
 sons to the square mile and her citizens at
 leatnog her genial climate and neb soil b
 thousands!
 Massachusetts, with n sterile land sad
 hard climate, has over 100 to the square nrik
 and the value of land in rising in all part* c
 it!
 lIT We gratefully acknowledge Congre*
 aiooal documents from Hon. J. B. Cndding
 and Hon. J. G. Palfrey.
TO CORRESPONDENTS.
 A. F. M., lo No. m.
 J. W. 8., Nettle (Wk; C. T., IkMtM} 1
 fWklirid) G. W. C., Victor—lkftcm).
 N. Ik, lam.— rectdinl. Credited I
 «#.4T.
John C. ('alhonn.
 Great men arc rat always W-* Tb»»*j
 I who arc estimated great, as the world
 arc often the very reverse of euhn w u*. or
 great, or honest. To have great talent* 9
 ri no honor, but disgrace, if those talent* art not
 u«ai for the promotion of righteous end*,
 If, instead of hr-ing employed in the advanee
 ment of the world’s welfare-, they arc prosti
 tuted to low and selfish purpowa, the men
 who possess them, instead of being glorified
 thereby, are only rendered the more unworthy
 j the greater adepts in Jrlf-seelciug and every
 species of meanness. Said an Knglisli Prime
 Minister, not many yunrs since, referring to
 a notorious mrmlief of the opposition—“ Hea
 ven haa bestowed upon him great talent*, hut
 the devil has the use of ftflh”
 In the recent discussion in the- Senate on
 1 Mr. Hale's bill for the protection of property
 in the District of Columbia, the Senator from
 Sooth Carolina expressed himself as follows:
 Sir, I am amaxed that even the Senator
 j from New H.tmpelnrc should have so little
 regard fur the Constitution of the country, as
 .to hung in suc.t a bill as tins, lithe htipnk-
 Aiuns of the country an; not,to he respected,
 why shot:!! we r~spsct those in others?
 I have for so many years raised my voice «&gt;u
 ‘this subject, that 1 have been consider'd
 almost the exclusive defender of this great
 institution of the South, w|x»n which not only
 Us prosj* riiy, but Us very xistcnce dejiends.”
 All this onrtimial talk about regard for
 I the Constitution,’’a&gt;upuialw&gt;i&gt;» uf the Con
 stitution,” Ac., which is cr-ai- l-\«v?y rung ir»
 1 people's ears, what is it but the most abom
 inable trash, undiluted nonsense—positively
 sickening? What have right and wrong to
 •do with Constitutions 1 Tho question to l*r
 decided is, whether slavery ought or ought
 not to exist. If it be right, it is of very Irttfe
 consequence what the Coustuutimi rays about
 it: and if it be wrong, all the Constitutions
 and stipulations in the universe, cannot fur
 one moment throw around it the merest sha
 dow of justice. The Constitution sanctions
 many crimes, besides slavery but they are
 not a whit less criminal, because of that
 sanction. If those who founded this Union,
 founded it on injustice and rubbery, as they
 allege who say that it sanctions slavery, do
 not common sense and common honesty, lo
 say nothing of any higher motive, teach,
 that we should now, at once and forever, tern
 aside from following in their footsteps? To
 say that wc are bound to maintain the stipula
 tions of the Constitution, after those stipula
 tions havo lux n shown to !&gt;e both irrational
 and unjustifiable, is an absurdity which even
 John C. Calhoun, with his perverted seme*
 right and wrong, and apparent insensibility to
 the difference between justice and injustice„
 will not venture to d feud, 110 has be« u
 considered almost the exclusive defender oi'
 the institutions of the South.” Poor man!
 who does not pity him? That ho should
 have grown old and grey-headed, without
 j having learned the first lesson of morality—
 not to appropriate what belongs to another— is
 trnly a hard ease! erity,thou great U[ostlc
 of slavery rim) injustice, it is hard lor tin o
 to kick against the pricks.’ 1
 He says further—
 Gentlemen, it would seem, h ive at last
 come to believe, that the Sunt.' rn people
 and Southern members have hric lost all
 sensibility on tins subject man who
 says, iliftt the tx wple of i! is District have no
 riglit to their slaves, and that it is no robbery
 lo take their property trout them, is not en
 titled to be regarded ns in possession of rea-
 Rpu* u are. merely defending our
 rights. Suppose that we defend tlmm m
 strong language. Have we net a right to do
 so? AVe place this question upon high ar.d
 exalted grounds.”
 \es, it cannot he doubled fi r a moment,
 that very many have come to believe, that
 Southern people and Southern members
 have lost all sensibility on this subjectsome
 even are not quite sure, that they ever had
 much sensibility: if they had, they would
 surely have given some alight indications of
 its existence. What can possibly be a ir.oic
 conclusive proof of insanity than to sav, that
 the people of the District have no right to
 Iheir slaves”? Did they not buy them.
 Ixxly and Fonl—all their powers of action and
 motion—all their powers of thought and voli
 'lon their entire life,tod.sp&lt;is&lt;: ~f at pleasure
 He is fit only for bedlam, who wopld take, tt
 tpon him to say, that the people of the Dia
 rict have no right to their slaves! llut if
 hese slaves, should, alter all, turn on! to be
 it ole n property—John C. Calhoun, what
 hen? VV ill you still affirm that any man has
 t right to sell or to keep stolen property, after
 le has found its owner Perhaps you may
 )ut common law, common sense, common
 loncsty, and tho unanimous decision of all
 uen who are not then.selves robbers and
 plunderers, are all against you. Merely
 lefending our rights”! The right of one
 nan to possess another! Where did you, or
 my other barbarian slaveholder, obtain that
 ■ighi No sanction of earth or bell could
 rive you that right; no sanctum of that just
 -»od who made all men equal,” would give
 pou that right. It is no right at all—cannot
 &gt;e; it i» a wrong of the greatest magnitude
 —9. crime of the deepest dye—a horrible
 niquity, which none but the heart of a fiend
 &gt;r a slaveholder could conceive and' perpetrate,
 flul the reason of all yOur feverish e*c»to
 uent is, that even you begin to fi;ul, that the.
 ;round whereon you have so lung stood firm
 wd immovable, is giving way beneath your
 otl. Ii is trembling, trembling! Pray
 heaven that it come not down with the »ud
 leu and resist tea* fury of an Alpine avalanche,
 werwholming you ami all your refuges of
 in t fearftd destruction,—jr. o.
 The Democratic Review.
 The character of a man is known by the
 oinpary he keeps; and yet the best of
 riccd* will occasionally foil out. The D VlllV
 rrattc Review of this month quarrels, in a m rt
 »f friendly way with the great alavehold* r.
 t must have been a fiery trial for that wry
 copectaUc personage to find herself under
 he neceamty of reproving the great John C.
 alhonn. Here i» the manner and measure
 if the efaatiaeaießf adininist.-red.
 W« mourn over the weakness of human
 traaon, when we see a man like Mt. Calhoun,
 •f odvanced age, long experience, and tow*
 rrtng intellect, give huusell up. in the face oi
 ita country and the world, to all the cUiWv-h
 *Yorate* erf unbridled, passion. It is just this
 itfuct of hit) character that has destroyed hi*
 auwsr; which ha* made hnn utter nr ieesWe to
 !ria country, an injury to his party, and uw?-
 «oa to hio age. How wit possible to rrtpec 1
 i man who targets hniuclf aud the body i&gt;&lt;&gt;
 ihnuld adorn, by cooduet and words w&lt;;
 inly iu a muuic ur *i cumin* »n uli***" 1
 The question uf slavery U the on wh.i i-
"
