"\j r r-ilhom has constantly split, instead ol
 M y a« w IUI a statesman of any Address Ol
 r T.'tmouam it would have been. itopping
 to tilt* holiest fame and the loftiest pro
 f nnwit
 l„ no this t bctutiful Mmple of maternal
 correction The good Ia. 1) mourn* thai
 h H under the pamful noccoaity of usingthc
 „j Prithee, take comfort, good dame! In
 u v be the better for »t, and possibly, if h«
 ii&lt;H forget himself. will beware in futun
 himself up to the childish excesse:
 unbridled passion.”
 But 1&lt; at this darling boy shook! fed him
 !f too much aggrieved by this wholesonv
 ,a.&lt;&gt; ;n nt, the good U4j take* to wluppinj
 v ii hcaity poor! will, whether to any pur
 or not, some others, over whom, by th&lt;
 by. she can scarcely lay claim to any mater
 n u authority—thus
 t
 “In spite of the incendiary and basely
 s !fi-h strivings of the hypocritical alxilition
 i-t&gt; &lt;*t the free North,” wb a.*»ert, and oui
 i.vc* and honor on it. that slavery in
 ■''••nth will never break up our glorious 1 nion
 will never scatter the Mars of our “thrice
 icnowned” banner will never prostrate tin
 hopes of huttc.uttv which are all conceit
 trated in our sure. No—because tie
 intelligence ol oi.r ciihghlenod j*eojdc, norti
 and south. ea.M aiwi wc.-i. l- adequate to sett I*
 ■without di.Mii.i *a any dulbrouces of opinion oi
 any clashing utiment, which may at ant
 t;ii*e /ceur Ihlwi*h I hern, and that vviihou
 the a..! of th. eou!“*els of that iniscnt
 hie f tel ton of fool* and fanatics headed by
 Mcmw. Hale, biddings, and pang*’
 tViurape, good lady! This is pretty wrlj
 f.ir a readable matron of your years.
 *1 ‘.f r« is Mill some vigor in that arm Hv*
 jorritical alsditi itsists!’’ Is not that a pretty
 .rd blow? •Hale and (.lidding*, our lives
 nd honor on it," winced under that stroke.
 Free North,” thrice renowned banner,’'
 hopes of humanity,"—this has more the
 appearance of braggadocio and flourish, than
 anything else. The guilty one*, r.t each ol
 of tins.! strokes, may be suppo* d to havi
 boon more frightened than hurt. They pro
 habiy heard the cane whizzing about thoii
 ear*, and were rather glad to find that it did
 descend further. “Odious conns ds,” im
 se/able faction,” fools and fanatics Great
 dove, look mil an old woman has stolen
 yourlbund r!
 J!.:t this is not all the old lady propounds
 further—
 Tiie slave property of the South is pro
 perly s ’cured under the guarantee* of the
 f 'o:iMitnUon, and though we shall ever yearn,
 v.jiL the emiciirrenec of ihe South, to get rid
 t tliu cur. 4 legacy of Knglixh cruelty and
 ivarioe. y*-t w should no more think of
 n:g or itiva.l.ng it. than committing highway
 v ih ry. We know there is a way of gra
 dually eJceiing a solution of. this difficulty
 and wk are tt jually .-lire, that the South wil
 J-»daiis v. 5 in it. Jkr.it this i* not the place
 oor is the time yet coins for the statctn; &lt;tf
 j impositions lliat will put an end f'.«t ever t&lt;
 flic Presidential hopes of llalc, (biddings, am
 gang.”
 N\ Jim Constitution can “properly scour
 flivc property No; thank Heaven! n
 oiistitulion—no power of old parchments
 {•rofiucjv called sacred. can perpetuate tlii
 wrung. The South fee!., this now, and wil
 fed it more forcibly ere Jung. I.ike the tic
 •n the fiblc, which licked the bloody file, lh(
 South li 'n ns. t k i'g up her own life, as i.
 shown by the &gt;rv limited progress, and it
 s a cas tlie depopulation of her States.
 No, you w oul i not invade this cursed legacy
 •if English cruelly and avarice;"’ i.o on
 ver suspects you capable of anything half sc
 humane or praiseworthy. Instead of invad
 ing, you will rather protect it. Fnglisl
 cruelty and avarice left a legacy of noi
 cp.ite nlaves American “cruelty am
 avarice’* have made it 3,000,000. “Wei
 done, thou good and faithful usurer! A'criJy
 no further proof than this one fact is watiux
 to show the disinclination of the Deinoeratic
 Review ami otlu r Northern ttl.-etlors o
 slavery, to disturb or invade the curset
 legacy of English cruelty and avarice.*’ Hu
 the old lady becomes oracular. This is no
 the place, nor is the time yet come.” l’ray
 where w the place, and when is the time
 that will produce your way of effecting th&lt;
 solution of this difficulty 1 Is there no
 reason to fear that the place is not in till
 lower world, and that th. Democratic Revicv
 ind the South, i.i t!i fain ss of their uisJon
 ami prudence, have deferred the time till afte
 the Gfeck Calends 7 If so, the Presi
 tleniial tiopes of Hale, (biddings, and gang,’
 if they ever entertained any such, may not b
 utterly blasted after all. —j. n.
 The New York Herald,
 If there is any one thing utterly dotestei
 and abhorred by all well regulated and pro
 j&gt;erly constructed minds, it is to hear a mat
 devoid of all sense of moral obligation am
 religious sentiment, speak upon moral am
 religious subjects. Not that it is of any con
 sequence what expression of low blackguard
 ism or unfeeling ruffianism lie may utter; bu
 that a chill of horror, similar to that whicl
 one may be suppos 'd to feel when acciden
 tally placed in rather close proximity to
 rattlesnake, and hears, for the first time, it:
 angry rattle sounding in his cars, is the result
 The two are so incongruous—morality am
 vice—religion and the utter disregard of (Jo*
 and man; all that is pure, holy sublime, am
 all that is dark, vicious, vile benignant ]ovi
 and scowling sin Oh, the contrast is tin
 hideous; we torn from it with Poolings o
 horror, loathing, and disgust.
 The New York Herald of the 13th inst
 has an article under the heading of Th&lt;
 Moral and Religious Anniversaries in New
 ork.” From that article the following ex
 tnu tis taken. It is perhaps not the mus
 abominable or profane portion of the article
 hut it i&gt; that in which readers of the Noun
 i A 1: dl be more particularly interested.
 var now in the midst of the moral am
 religious aiimvi rsaries of New York.
 i esU-rd.iv then* was a celebration given in thi
 shajH- &lt;it a public breakfast, at the Colisuum
 at which all colors and all shades of colors
 met together on the common ground of liber
 ty, equality, and fraternity. There the;
 were to lb iw-yn, eating and dunking, talking
 and laughing, rollnckiog and enjoying them
 selves at the same board, on the same lootm;
 of equality—men and women—Mack, whiti
 mixed, yellow, and all sorts, xjh-. ung tin
 good time that la coming.” Oh J oh
 Headers will pardon this one infliction
 The columns of the North .Star are not oftei
 disgraced by the hideous trash that is issue!
 from the office of the New. York Herald
 The feelings ol* this writer, of whoso effusion;
 this is a too favorable sample, must be any
 thing but euviable, ills face may be whilei
 than ivory but his heart'—is the blacknesi
 of lie 11 |txlf to be compared with it j. o.
Johtt f. r»Hnw, tie Pwßfnitfc Review
 atd (ke New York IlenU.
 These tiwre mt very aptly 1* wsiflerad
 types ot three different chew* sf American
 churns, who are aJI mliM*d in ftuppsrt el
 slavery. John C. Calhoun, tJw *Utn*d» and
 unflinching guardian angel of Southern insti
 tution*, represent* the slaveholditig interest.
 The Democratic Review, coUl-hearted and
 respectable, repressots with to’ctaWe accur
 acy, the w numcat* of that portioo of the
 profcsffo.lj reltgwss public who take Dr.
 Cox, rt (*iwn, for leaflets and the
 New York Herald w a very fit and proper
 exponent of the sentiments of Northern
 rowdyism and roflSaotsro, 11 Good men and
 true are they all on the side of robbery and
 wrong. Tbcir character manifest* Itself in
 different way*; but it w the eime in reality.
 Jotm C. Calhoun i* not at heart a whit worse
 man (though, by his position he is a degree
 mor* criminal.) than the. followers of Dr. Co*
 and others like him; and the rights and
 liberties of mm, especially of men who be
 long to a despised and oppressed race, would
 be quite as safe in the keeping of the New
 York Herald clase, a* in that of cither of the
 oUkjw. We look in vain to cither of these
 cla-vcs for the rexpression of one noble, man
 rxpandmg sentiment. b rom John C. 'Cal
 houn, w hose course is by far the most manly
 and straightforward, we have blunt assertion*
 of the Heaven-ordained right of slavery.
 From the Democratic Review class #re have
 —not an open avowal of real sentiment, but
 sneaking covert supjiort of Southern insti
 tutions with now and then an attempt to
 extract from the Bible an apology for, if not
 a direct sanction of slavery a most effectual
 way, if they succeed in making good their
 attempt, of bringing that book which they
 call holv and infallible, but would prove to be
 most v lie, into utter contempt and disgrace.
 This is not the time,” the Constitution
 the slaves are happy and contented,”
 white slaves in Europe not half so well
 ofT,” Ac., &amp;c., is the constantly reiterated
 mode of their expression of pro-slavery sen
 timent. The New York Herald class again,
 though no one who lias any regard for de
 cency, troubles himself about their opinion,
 cover over the entire subjects of slavery,
 ulxi’itionism, rights of man—as they do all
 other subjects of any noble import—with a
 filthy coating of slang and obscenity. Each
 class, in its way, answers its end. The
 whole science of making and keeping slaves
 is finished and complete in those three. No
 doubt they find each other's company most
 agreeable, as did Macbeth’s w itches, in their
 deeds of wickedness—•
 When *li;dl hc three meet a?:ihi 7 .”—J. D.
tlommimuatums.
 M hi" County Convention.
 The County Convention met at the Court
 House :u 10 o'clock A. M., last Satuiday, to
 nominate a delegate to the National Conven
 tion, to Ik* held in June, to settle the import
 ant question, now involved in uncertainty, who
 tho faithful may vote for to be the next Presi
 dent. It is well known that a number of per
 sons are talked about as probable nominees,
 distinguished for sluwholding, fighting, or
 some other high qualification, which endears
 them to the free Christian people of our fa
 vored land.
 1 went to the Court House just before
 noon, and found it filled with delegates and
 spectators. Croups of men were talking iu
 low, earnest voices, in various parts of the
 room, and the names of Clay, Scott and Tay
 lor could occasionally be heard while such
 words as the party,” expedient,* avail
 able,” and kindred phrases, fell new and then
 upon the ear.
 A committee was chosen to draft resolu
 tions, and a motion made to adjourn until two
 o'clock. The members from the country
 wore many of them opposed to adjournment,
 wishing to finish their business and return to
 their homes before night. The city members,
 and a portion from the country, moved there
 to, it may he, by thoughts f got.d dinners
 and cozy chats over the desert, were for the
 adjournment. At length a member proposed
 a compromise. This is a magic word with
 good Whigs, for the embodiment” is skilful
 iu such matters. It was, that the Convention
 adjourn until half past one. It was carried
 after some little discussion but like more
 famous compromises that might be named, did
 but little good to those who fancied them
 selves the gainers. Those who had good
 dinners in waiting at home, went and ate them
 leisurely, (to promote digestion,) and deem
 ing it perhaps injurious to exercise too active
 ly alter the noon-day meal, returned to the
 Court Jlonse so tardily that nothing was done
 before two o'clock, and of course the poor
 countrymen wended their way home to the
 distant parts of the county in daikness and
 discomfort. However it was for the public
 good. Politicians are used to being taken
 in by compromises in other w ays as well as in
 this matter of dinners they take it quietly
 from habit, as one of the necessary ills of the
 craft.
 In the afternoon, an informal ballot was cast
 for a delegate*—Just a sort of teeJur to know
 who was and was not wanted, so that the
 most available one could be united upon. No I
 one had a majority, but the largest vote was
 given for Jerome Fuller, of Sweden. Then
 came a real balloting to decide the question, 1
 and Hon. Jerome Fuller received nearly two-
 thirds of the votes. He was then voted i
 unanimously to be the choice of the Conven- j
 turn, and called upon to give bis views as to j
 the question who shall be President. He was 1
 greeted with cheers, and said that in a few i
 words he could speak his ferlii g*.
 He was first of all for Henry Clay.
 (Cheer* loud and related wem giv«l fcr
 tbi*.) Ho believed Gen. Scott to be an
 honor to the country-; (he didn't say why—
 perhaps because he has been eommander-in
 chief of the army in Mexico, to wage a war
 which brother \V|ngs have repeatedly de»j
 dared to be unjust and unconstitutional; per-
 haps because Scott has said that a soldier who
 has a conscience of h s own must he a little
 beside himself, and he thought the sanei
 should apply to peruzana, and the Gen-!
 oral, if in .the White-House, would see that i
 no such troublesome commodity as a eon-1
 scicneo w as about the premises)—and that if i
 Mr. Clay was not nominated, as he trusted!
 and believed he would Ik*, lie was icady to!
 «jpj»ort Gen. fjeott, if he was deemed avail- j
 able. Something wxs «id, too, about any j
other man of wjuislie whaeii I
 did not clesriy understand. The remarks
 about Gen. Scott were applauded, md. be
 wem a* to say that usdar so awti-tturea
 whatever should be tote for Gee. Taylor.—
 Thu was responded to by enthusiastic cbaers,
 and for a moment I hoped and thought that
 the opposition to Taylor had something to do
 in be wtiml w ith the deeds of the hireling
 murderer. Perhaps it had, but sot much I
 fear, for not a word said of them. The
 only reason be gere for his detemuoatiou
 w as,-that Gee. Taylor was willing to be nom
 inated by the National Convention, but if not
 nominated, would run independently end In
 opposition to the regular nominee Thai
 was the bead ar.d front of bis ofleodtng; and
 nothing appeared to show that if “Old
 Zark” was willing to work in the traces and
 would run well, be would receive the support
 oY the Whigs of Munroe county—and why
 should be not
 He says he is opposed to the Mexican war.
 So does Mr. Clay. He fights is it: Mr. Clay
 doc? not, for it is not his profession but his
 sou has, with his approbation. He has ex- j
 pressed the wish that he might slay aMex- j
 icaa, if need be, in his country’s service, 1
 and made a speech against the war, when it
 was like shutting the stable-door after the
 steed was stolen. Gen. Taylor is a slave-,
 holder; so is Henry Clay. Gen. Taylor is a
 man of less intellect, not veined in the craft
 of the politician, not skilled in specious com
 promising. But why compare them? Both
 are bad men both enemies to liberty and
 right.
 Three cheers were given for the speech.
 It was in manner commendable; there was
 an air of openness about the speaker, a some-
 thing which made one see that he had rich j
 gifts, and grieve tliat they w ere devoted to so
 unsuitable an object as the honoring a man
 stealer.
 Five cheers, loud, long and hearty, were
 given for Henry Clay, and the Convention
 soon after adjourned, in the best humor ap
 parently. Men worthy in the relations of
 lifs, goou neighbors, kind fathers and hus
 bands, felt happy that their suppoit was
 pledged to a slaveholder
 G. B. S.
 Remember those in Bonds, as bound
 with them.”
 At this late day, we are asked, What
 shall we do?”—“ How shall wc get rid of
 the system “We see it is an evil, and a
 great one but it has existed for two hundred
 years. Now how can we get rid of it?”
 Tell us that. Evils are more easily described
 and condemned than removed. Alas! so
 they are As the disease that has been per
 mitted to grow day after day, until it pervades
 I the whole system, at once is seen the be-
 I clouded eye and dim, out of which looks the
 restless and chafed spirit; wildly inflamed
 'extremities, hectic ar.d blotched surface, or
 1 cadaverous, tell us that within is sickness.—
 J
 i The fair and beautiful body that was, is at
 tacked Nature makes an effort to cast out
 the disease, gathering up all its energies.—
 From the vitals, outward, it drives. The
 shock shakes the system. Alas! if that
 effort fails, back again is driven life to the
 vitals, weakened by that struggle. Disease
 rushes forward again for fresh conquests,
 spreading havoc as it advances. Unless it is
 driven out, death is inevitable. Victory or
 death” in this extremity. Help now from
 any quarter is welcome. Who will wait un
 til reduced to this strait And so of the
 nation. With (as men say) half an eve, how
 plain to sec this nation is diseased from the
 vitals outward, through to the extremities.
 The Constitution is mortally affected and in
 fected. A terrible biliiousness is in the
 blood. No wonder; for ever since it was a
 child, now these two centuries, bom amid
 revolution, in vigor and of vigorous parents,
 'it disdained the ordinary food of a nation's
 childhood, and inherited a lust for human
 flesh. To appease it, flesh was given and
 now, to feed, to satiate the bloody appetite
 and unholy, not only is one continent well
 1 nigh depopulated, hunted from one side to
 the other to procure the flesh of the negro
 j man, so savory to its horrible taste, but pre-
 miums are offered for raising victims at home.
 Wise and honorable men” have en-
 gaged, are engaged, in this breeding of
 victims, and to improve the quality, they mix
 in their best blood
 Oh, ye shades of Jefferson and Madison
 (Jan ye look back from your now places, and
 see your flesh and blood sold iu the shambles?
 For more than two hundred years, upon
 such has it fed. Heavens Who can cal
 culate the millions on millions of men, women
 and children, that have been destroyed to
 say-nothing of the hearts with their hopes
 and joys, that have been blasted, —the world
 of living souls that have been extinguished,
 and driven hack to Him who put them here
 into being, in Ilia purpose of his omniscience.
 Through those two hundred years, what'a
 fearful accumulation of guilt! There
 is a day of reckoning coming, when the
 wrongs of those millions, before the Eternal 1
 Judge, who will render unto men according
 to their deeds, in the presence of the nations,
 shall be redressed It is a thouglit worthy
 to engage the attention of all men.
 Three millions of victims, men women and
 children, arc bound, held iu chains, by this
 nation, looking forward only to be ground up,
 devoured What is life to them Here on
 this side of time, they know no hope. Be
 yond, their thoughts are of clouds and chaos.!
 Eat, drink, and be merry, (if ye can,) to- i
 morrow ye die.” So, an beasts, they live! i
 together, chattering and sighing, clanking i
 their chains and singing. Alas! what a i
 sight for angels to look upon and good men! i
 Yet there arc human beings that do look upon
 it and say 6uch are contented and happy”—
 u hich is a sight scarcely less deplorable. To j
 stand looking at slaves, singing and laughing 11
 loud aa they can for the weight sf then j
 chains, and calling them happy Whata j
 thing it is for men when they say tbs laugh- i
 ing and singing idiot, or the broken-minded
 and raving maniac is happy! when the 1
 beautiful spirit of man, dwelling in j
 its temple, the whole as an instrument, made
 and attuned by the Creator, capable of the j
 highest harmony, is before us, unstrung and i
 broken by the band of man, or alas sound-,
 ing wildly and discordantly, and men call it I
 ojtmie of tbs happy What a state a£»t
 heart it iafcitm in those to wboor it is 1 i
 sir* What darkness ©f rand i
 Does net the whole betvg ef man yearn ir-
\mm of destiny mi nttsrty embed to Um
 aoaJ, from ia depths cooes the response
 Yes, yen! to he few!
 Mu cannot bee, wok, lore sad voaluj
 trsly, oahm, as the Creator made him, he a
 free. The trie steal hare its orifait, the haadi
 their pcopar work, the heart Meat find iti
 affinities, the son] seeks h* eestie—God
 Give these way, pot before them so bin
 draoce*. Life, time, are real aad a peal
 place. Freedom, work, lore and worship,
 aake it beautiful; hiadraaces make it stenle;
 chains aad bondage a dungeon, foul and
 PMtdeai,” and turn those living them mtc
 idiots and maniocs, though they wag, tough,
 and eoper, sever so wildly. To one standing
 free m the tmth, opes the outside, and look
 ing in opon them through the grates, as thei
 chatter and caper in manacles, it is a sad
 spectacle. The head or heart that can de
 fend extenuate, or remain indifferent to it,
 envy not. Contented and happy,’ implies
 tliat the vision of his spirit is abut up in
 darkness, his high upward tendencies aw
 crusljed, and the tux is sunk so low that b(
 is as the brute that perisheth. It implies thai
 habitual intercourse with slavery, and its
 peculiarities, has not been a whit less
 destructive fo the soul of the master
 than to the slaves, whose intellects anc
 souls are darkened, deadened, cannot appre
 ciate their power, beauty and worth in others
 To see ouly a brute chattel, and no intellect
 capable of large discourse; not to feel ih&lt;
 presence of a spirit immortal, argues tha
 thine own heart is asphvxied, thy wits an
 demented. Slavery hath done this, as nc
 other system of wrong could. Here is a fact
 a volume of argument in itself, such as, ir
 respect to its dreadfulncss, I never expect t&lt;
 hear again. Slavery destroys body, mint
 and soul of master and slave. Is there any
 thing more horrible in the drcadfulest con
 ccption of hell
 Can men look upon this, and ask.
 What shall we do What shall we do
 Anything, all things, if ye will—duty. Gei
 your eyes open, for now they are closed up
 Go do the first thing that has a glimmering o
 duty, if perchance ye may see aught. Thei
 thank God that you are not entirely giver
 over, blind, deaf, hard-hearted that duty it
 apparent to you that you are not thrice dead
 plucked up, and rutting in the sun shining
 over you.
 Do it, not for the slave's sake, but foi
 your own.
 Look at the noble and wise men, women
 ay, wad children, who have acted, are acting
 for the slave’s sake. They have known, am
 do know, the benefits for their own sake. Th&lt;
 blessings of those who were ready to peris!
 have fallen upon, and been to them a hiddei
 source of ever new life. The world aroum
 marvels at the power and beauty of thei
 lives, but they know the cause. It is withii
 them an active principle, developed by a lift
 of devotion to a truth, a holy instinct. Wha
 shall we do? “Go and do likewise.
 Remember those in bonds, as bound wit!
 them.”
 JEREMIAH.
 Congressional Discussions on Slavery.
 The late discussions on the escape an&lt;
 re-capture of the slaves in Washington, th&lt;
 mob and matters connected therewith, ar
 peculiarly rich. Mr. Bayly, of Virginia
 one of the chivalry,” to judge by his man
 ner, has worked himself up into a terribh
 agitation. He lias made the discovery tha
 England is setting all this abolition stoni
 brewing, to dissolve the Union, make th&lt;
 South a waste, and all that! England hai
 abolished chattel slavery in her own domin
 ions thus, according to the astute reasoning
 of the wise Virginian, inflicting a curse upot
 herself. She now, on the principle thai
 misery loves company, wants to make u&lt;
 abolish slavery too, and thus destroy all oui
 prosperity, make the South a desert, and re
 duce Mississippi, Virginia and other States
 that might be mentioned, to the same deplora
 ble state of destitution which now mark the
 British Island!
 *Tis conscience doth make cowards oT ffs
 all,” said the great Shakespeare. Mr. Bay
 ly knows slavery ought to be doomed. He
 knows the Union w hich supports it ought to
 be dissolved. He fears—“ The thief doth fear
 each bush an officer”—and this slaveholder
 sees in the warm sympathies of English re
 formers with the abolitionists of this country,
 an organized effort to dissolve the Union
 Northern men, too, spoke out boldly. Mr.
 Root, of Ohio, made keen thrusts at
 the institution,” in his humorous speech.—
 Joshua R. Giddings talked boldly called
 things by their right names; said that the
 mob was encouraged by members of the
 House; that while they were expressing sym
 pathy for France, they were in the District
 maintaining a slave-market more shocking
 than any to be found withii* the jurisdiction of
 the Grand Sultan reminded Southern men
 that it was too late to attempt to seal his lips
 ind the Kps of Northern members; that they
 :ould not bring the practice of the plantation
 to that place.
 It is cheering to bear now and then of a
 sold word, and of laic they seem to multiply,
 biddings, Palfrey, Askroun, and others, in the
 House, and John P. Hale, in the Senate,have
 alked in an unwonted strain for their high
 daces in wickedness. They are all cramped
 jj the Constitution. When their feehngt
 varm op, and earnest words gush np from
 he heart, its compromise* present a barrier
 o their noble zeal, saying to all opposition
 hey can raise to slavery, Thus for shalt
 hou come, aod no farther.” Bat why do
 lot others come out as strongly as they do?
 fhere are some twenty or thirty from New
 fork, a proportionate Bomber from other
 j tales; but they are silent, supine, with bat
 em exception*. They ought to know ibj
 lavery is ike qwtjfam, before which all minor
 hingj, like Banks, Tariffs and Sub-Treasn
 ies, are being swallowed up like the rods of
 he Egyptian Magicians by the rod of Aaron,
 fee, and they should know, too, that they
 re behind the people. I don’t thiak very
 ligldy uf tha virtue or imnlinrss of the
 eopie on this question but I firmly behove
 bat if thawepenertitivea to Congress wowto
 mm oM aa a few haws dose, use then back
 «aet a hole to keep themselves firmly erect,
 ad talk openly, baldly, they would be warmly
 ostmned by their coosritaeats at home. The
 aiMtovery footing to growing through the
 forth Cuter than po&amp;tkuzs arc aware, a mA
kji. Ucar, b ud pn.tr.-k-, n
 r ootiuag 9am, who, wufciajr speak the aen
 p «aw»i *e p*»pk, fe dumb oa Uu» «lt
 t ahsnrhiaf topic.
 lM them be 9pm, maintain the right, W
 f ina, and the quarto* wtfl ho constantly he
 -1 fore both Howes for once, aa it now it, hire
 Banquo’s ghost, ’twill down at no man’s bid
 ding. Disrusswo will uoiy show more and
 more the wickedness of the system, the
 weakness of the South, the miserable position
 1 of the North. The people will kwm them
 Man ta more than Conautntiooathe sen
 umeat will find as aHr ranee oa the door of
 I Congress, he talked of, agitated, and then
 the doom of slavery h soaled. Uahm or no
 r Union, it must hare no support from the
 I North.
 ■j G. B. S.

 I Godly Slaveholders.
 If God is really what the apologists of aU-
 I I very make him oat to be, Shelly was not fat
 l out of the way when he said:—
 1 j “Hr name of God,
 j Hu fenced about all Crimea with hulincM
 Still !*orr in*s o’er the wsr-pulluted wurU
 M Fur dcdukrttoa’s watrh-wrard;
 1 I was forcibly reminded of this a few days
 5 since when, in conversing with a deacon of the
 Baptist church in this city, be made use of the
 I following language There are as many
 godly slaveholders, as there are that do not
 bold slaves; and there are more abolitionists
 that are infidels, than any thing eke.” Lest
 3 I should forget, I took a memorandum qf the
 t; words of this godly man” immediately, that
 3 I might not misquote them*. If this deacon
 correctly states the case, who would not choose
 to be infidel, rather than to be identifiers with the
 I godly oppressors I would entei into no de
 y I fence of infidelity, fur the term is a vague in
 definite one, and applies to so many classes
 ‘j of individuals and actions, that we should not
 know which to begin at. I wish now to take
 the words of this deacon for and see
 II what a position it leaves his religion in. Re
 j member that it is not an abolitionist that has
 1 placed Christianity in this position, but one of
 I Christianity's defenders— an officer in an influ*
 H ential church—a northern church. 44 Slave*
 I holders are golly men!” Well, then God
 I I sanctions the greatest iniquity the snn ever
 s j shone upon the sum of all villainies,” aa
 another Christian has pronounced it. But let
 us specify. 44 A!1 men are born free,” conse
 quently if one is made a slave, it is an act ol
 r piracy or kidnapping, or both then the dea
 con's God is a kidnapper and a pirate, or such
 things could not be 41 godly.” Bigamy is a
 oommon thing among slaves, not only sanc
 tioned but enforced by their 44 godly” masters
 3 —this the deacon’s God must sanction; for
 1 1 without it the system could not exist. Adul
 -1 tery is common among slaves, for both
 master and servant. From it the slaveholders
 r not only gratiy themselves, but make it a
 *j source of revenue for themselves. Large
 3 sums of money are received not only from the
 1 hire of prostitutes, but fiorn the very children
 of the masters who have shrewdly made laws
 1 for the children to follow the condition of the
 mother, knowing that if they followed thQ.cou
 dition of the father, gradual emancipation
 would have been far advanced before this late
 day. This part the deacon’s God must sano
 i tion, for it is one of the safeguards of the
 3 godly” institution. Then what the deacor
 thinks can be called godly, are piracy ant
 kidnapping, bigamy and adultery, to say noth
 ing of the various other 44 godly” crimes ne
 -3 cessary for the preservation of the system.—
 1 These arc the beauties of a religion which ht
 1 presents for me to become converted to and bt
 3 saved from damnation by. Nor does he stof
 here. Infidels oppose all these things, he
 says, yet the infidels will be damned for theii
 upbolief. Now, here is an aged deacon.
 1 whose head has grown grey in the service oj
 I the chinch, making these statements to one
 whom he wishes to get religion! Who with one
 spark of humanity would not spurn the offers
 f of salvation thus held out at the expense of hu-
 I I inanity 1 Who would not say to himj—
 -41 We prefer Hell’s freedom
 To Much servitude in Heaven’!”
 Really and seriously, how many converts
 would the church at thi3 day obtain if she had
 many as honest deacons as this, and they
 would take the trouble to see the import of
 his language! Further the deacon said
 j o o
 j 44 there is tills Garrison, and this d:\rky that
 lectured here, are as great iufidcls as ever
 lived.” The only answer I gave to this,
 was in the following conversation between us:
 “Are you acquainted with Garrison!” “No.”
 “Did you ever hear him speak!” 44 No.”
 44 Did you ever read any of his writings!”—
 “No.” 44 What do you know about him!”
 44 O! I’ve heard about him.” 44 Do you call
 any believer in the Bible an infidel?” “Yes.”
 Did you hear Douglass when be was here?”
 “No I would not go.” 44 Did you ever hear
 him No.” Did you ever read any of
 his writings “No.” 44 What do know
 about him?” O! I hear what every body
 says!” This a deacon, who lives in sight of
 our great Theological Seminary and has had
 as good a chance as others to receive all the
 influence fur good, which has emanated from
 it for many years. I again aak lf this is
 Christianity, and infidelity the reverse, who
 would not be infidel E. W. C.
 Araca s, April 30ih, 1348.
 Slaveby Debate—A Fact axd a Pbedic-
 Tios.—Among other curious things said, in
 the recent Debate oa Slavery in the Senate,'
 Mr. Butler of Sooth Carolina i» reported to
 have said:—
 44 1 fed that the sentiment of the North
 against the institution of slavery is advancing
 with the certainty of the malaria from (he
 Pontine marsh"* —with the certainty of all
 progressive movements, and there is no dis
 guising it.
 I make the prediction that should any
 part of Mexico come mto the acquisition of
 this Uoioa, there will be provisioca introduced
 to prohibit alavery.”
 S latest— Perpetual unpaid tod; no mar
 riage, no husband an wife an parent, no
 child; ignorance, frvntiouanrea whips,
 chains, seaarges, auction safes sad aepsrs
 baas an embodiment sf si) tbs woos that the
 BT Fourteen young ladies, from Maresefco
 aeWt, are now in this cay, on their way west,
 as teachers, under the auspices of (he Ameri
 can Society for the promotion of Ffepofer
 Education. They are boood. anacapsU*, for
 1-discs and Illinois*— Bogele JhrtJ, lu
era New l ark.
 UatfUr a Jeep sad abiding impresmw *f the
 4«y we owe to God and our follow being*,
 women at ftwcfatwfcv fcel
 »o«Sotmwr to yerv-reye m limr
 If&gt;rp—ad and sol-on* bood
 yl.. &lt;d»ir»aiß taring unrequited m the
 SoutbiOTi prtMQ kouic. We art
 wmfuUjr to temcatm xhMXvL oaiv
 fro lbeni »n«inuß-rA
 l«l do€ orlv dn &lt;Vy «nffer pom Intent hun
 ger and ftw; not only an? the Jcmal-w, tn u
 to the erwd and
 nut rages of their tyrannical arufe** and twee
 *3«» hut there are daily instance* of aun
 denog the ik-arot net in nature, thus a y*.
 ratmg them forever. And can me expect *u_v
 thing better—can we look for benevolence *»i
 fiae feelings fr.au a system so f.*u! and fiend-
 Wh as slavery’ It would be unreasonable,
 heeaose a corrupt tree cannot bring f.ntl,
 good fruit.” Therefore, know-in* that with
 out associative action we cannot render eIS
 ciont aid to this holy cause, we affoction.it. Ij
 uivito th 2 cteopcmtum of the citizens of Rurh
 ester and the public generally. We ask then
 to bear in miud the injunctions of Jesus,“All
 things whatsoever ye would men should do tr
 you, do ye even so to them.” Remember
 also, the beautiful parable in which he ealU
 our attention to the sick and to three who an
 i in prison, and conclude* by the forcible aaser
 lion,‘‘lnasmuch as &gt;vhave dune it tooueuftht
 least of these, my brethren, ye have done H
 unto me.” We fuel assured all that have
 hearts to feel, and are cureful to attend to th&lt;
 monitions of conscience—all who are deter
 mined to live for the good of our race, met ear
 of devoting ail their time to their own per
 sonal case—ail who feel bound to improve the
 precious time allotted to theta here, by pio
 motiug as much as possible the cause of trull
 and righteousness in the earth, will come for
 ward in the work of laboring to banish forcvei
 the of slavery IVom our land and in
 so doing, instead of an example of corruption
 and wickedness, we should bo a light to tlx
 world.”
 We hope no one will feci too poor, nor any
 too rich, to enlist in this holy cause. The
 Christian's influence, in whatever situation, is
 always salutary, and will certainly produce it?
 good effects. We ask for the aid of men and
 of women we call on the old and the
 young, the farmer, the mechanic, and the
 merchant. We ask all and every one to giv*
 us their help to devote what they can spare
 either of money or of the fruits of their la
 bor, to the work of restoring tnen and worner
 to themselves, to their manhood, to tho right*
 and blessings with which they were endowet
 1 by our Creator.
 i For this object, we propose holding a Fail
 in December next. We ask the females ii
 the adjoining towns and country around us, l&lt;
 get up sewing circles, and prepare such arti
 clos as will be most saleable, and to come, fur
 nish tables, give us their company, and he);
 us, not only in selling those things thus pre
 pared, but in convincing the public mind o
 i the necessity of our perseverance and fidelity
 and thus lie helpers in hastening the day o
 emancipation.
 Abigail Busn, Rochester.
 Sarah D. Fish, do.
 i Sarah L. Hallo well, do.
 M ary H. Hallo well, do.
 Sarah A. Uurtis, do.
 Margaret A. Larson, do.
 Elizabeth Sully, do.
 Phebe Treadwell, do.
 Charlotte S. Wilbur, do.
 Hulda Anthony, do.
 Rhoda De Garmo, do.
 Catharine G. Braithwaitk, do.
 Sarah E. Thayer, do.
 Catharine A. F. Stebbins, do.
 Amy PosTj do.
 Henrietta Platt, Bath.
 Susan R. Doty,! Farmington.
 Maria Wilbur, do.
 Elizabeth Smith, do.
 Esther Hathaway, do.
 Caroline Halstead, Walworth.
 Julia Parker, do.
 Eliza Cooper, Williamson
 Amy Mott, do.
 Rebecca M. C. Capron, Auburn.
 C. G. Hamblin, Port Bvron.
 Margaret Prior, Waterloo.
 Mary Ann MuClintock, do.
 Laura Murray, Victor.
 Mrs. Mackintyre, Darien.
 Extract from a Letter.—There arc a
 I Colchester, C. VV., something like one thons
 and colored people within twelve miles oi
 1 each other. Many of them are doing as well
 as could be expected, all things considered—
 I they are making a living in their way.”—
 S Some of them own farms of from fifty to a
 hundred acres of land, which is now being gni
 in a state of cultivation and will in a few years
 yield them an abundant harvest, as the soil is
 very fine and productive, May God bless
 them. They want among them intelligent
 and enterprising families to inspire them tu
 action.— Christian Contributor.
 Some one asks, what will fashion notdo’’’
 .She won’t make a pudding, mend a pair of
 trr»W»r*r« nnr Imv hro-id
G. B. S.
t£ o in ui c r c i a I.
Rochester. May 19, 1948.
 The Foreign News by tin* Bribaaik drier not ma
 terially effect price*; its only perrcptilde effect be
 ing to render the market a little firmer.
 Hale*of Floor yesterday, 2-31 bills at §'s 50. On
 Monday, *oni- rrntill transaction at §5 62J.
 Very little wlieat in market j the price is firm at
 $1 25.
 Rochester Wholesale Prices Corrent.
 FLOL'R *sd MEAL*—’Duty 20 f e »&lt;l nl
 Flour, Nil 550 0b 562
 Com in*al, y bush 36
 PROVISION*— l&gt;i*ev; IW,Pork,Hams, Ik.mn,
 I hitler an. I bird, SO #e; Uitm 30 ead *a)
 Pork, (mess) 10 50
 I)u. in hog 500 6 s£}
 Beef, ewt. 4 SO 500
 Do. bM. (.new) 700 a 800
 Lard (triud) plh tv H
 Oi, (leaf,) to 6
 Ham*, (smoked) 7ft 8
 MtMuUers.dn. 5 6
 Turkey sp ft 8
 Chickens 8
 Potatoes, hush ~fl#
 DRAIN—Duty; 30 p c ai ial
 Wiint, hush 1 25
 Com 58#..40
 *J»
 Oats ,37
 Barley ..53
 HlOEfv—Dutj; 3fesl rjl
 HtangtMar 4
 Calf ..S
 Sheep Pelts 73 0 I 12
 SEED*—Dwy Linseed 10 If t Mustard 19 f
 e mitral
 4 75
 Timothy |2sm 2 50
 I 12
 n wb-irh*r am^a i n 9 **:*L
 cv.ti* e-t 111 la
 SCN DRIES—
 tat
 hmh 31
 Do.drmd 50 W
 Eggs,?4m F)
 I 00
 10 00 #l2
 Harf «tm4 *oo# 3
 S'# wood 2 SO
 NttrYnas, May W, j
 sJUnrr "j"*.? 1 n,ir j
 dmm hw y r
 5 »3«*fsroSHJ.tl’lSi
 •ad eery food (Ww*.
 A beat h hell shave the views «f tssvri|
 —Rw 47*73. Oats 46# 18. CmiiM-n aair*
 Sfc#’
 I*r* are mft «f market at prmmaC Mm.
 Port is hsavy, tMtoeistlw gttfll l**4
 UttMlM'Uhflihttirwk-
3 5 Ft r t f 's fiftmls.
Jon
 The .north star office. w *rvd.b~i
 rt 1 WM ftf thr Mfratim a f em|
 iptK-n of i’lx.iug with MtinM sad wespatrh,
 tllV V.wevt ptkrt r*#fi, *i»:
 iw+v. rk», mud**.**.
 tlrrobm*, PilU«fU&gt;ln( f
 F»«JJ fekt*. Labrh.lte.
 JIEW PTBWCATIOS?*.
tr. re ready in a few pays.
 «itii» kilt AotckuC
 bW hfc- U l inf jr ftarntl.
 AUi, 4.«w«v t*t AshAws If* S'ln** &lt;4 if* (7-.*-
 »*W A*,,*,. TiwaiUrmiwi* lit
 tmoal j,, Js.|3. 11k- cdi«»«*
 i M »"d iW «h&gt; desire c»t me* i&gt;l do wefl K»
 «*nl m tSr.r oHUri.
 p J sr HWb.l Tb«
 ‘-.L* ii'.'itivz'vs:;" Vou
 f r i** rie J*«&amp; .f* a w.». fi p. v.
 T’lv v JpUTtT!V OFFICE itbREUk
 1 IMi ROOM, Vo. S 5, r tu
 R &gt;omi i» neatly futnwtod. awd tha t*kfc-« xßcd «,vu
 »-miw the l*-*t Awl i-iila very, Irmf vx*.**.. Kali
 -SWW, Political and Eitrraiy I'apri*.
 B&lt;V&gt;KS, For Sale at the AvTI-»SLAVKRt
 Orrn r Heaping' Room, Vo. Butlak*
 «t., Seermd Store np-pmitr thy Area*k:
 (Narrative of Kre.Vri«k Dot-elms.
 i Jonathan Wa!ku.
 Portrait
 s |»»«x'r on I'ncnnptitntkwulrty of Skivsry.
 W Phillips rvpK to do.
 la-gion of I ibevtv.
 Slavery iHwstritnl h\ its effect on Woman.
 Also a rich variety-of Fancy and useful ailmlcs
 nri'ie In the lodics’Anti-Slavcry Shirty.
 iV m tkf Putt,
 A TRIBITE lOH THE A ECHO,
 Br.INO A TtNIUCNTION **F Tftr «n»u, imt.
 t.retrat anp rf.ligiocs capabilities or
 the colored portion of mankind.
 R irt jHirfirytl rr rtftmet to thr A/rtcc** r&lt;Kr,
 Illustrate.! by numerous authentic fact*, Biofraphicai
 Sketches, Tevt tmowirs of TraveNm, 4ic.
 The motives which have actuated the author in
 preparing the altove-mcntioncd wink, are solely a
 i ties ire t» interest and enlighten the put tic iidixf, oa
 subject intimately connected with flic happincs* or
 mi-cry oi a lai-fTc |M&gt;rtloii of tlie huiran taniiU An.l
 by a relation of tacts a’&gt;»l test ii non its, u hitli m»
 1 arnertions ran annnl, to rrmovr a deeply-ruotet! pre
 jmlico. oakling in the miix's of nary, respecting tha
 African race.
 It is an important question whether the Negro r*
 constitutionally, an.l therefore irrenwdiablv itiferior
 ito tics white irian, in the powers of the tnind. Mu'lt
 of tlx- future w elfare of tlte human rare denen-U o-s
 the answer which experience an l faets will furnisK
 to this question; for it coneerns no? only tbe vj»t
 population of Africa, but many millions of tlw Negro
 race, who are located cbewhr-rc, nntl the whiles wlio
 are Itceonting mixed w ith the Muck race, in countries
 where Slaveiy exists, or where it ha« raisted till
 w itliin a recent period. Many hsvl veuttu
 el upon peremptory I’erisiour ou bvt'u shies of tf*»
 question but the majority appear to I c still nusa t»*
 tied as to the real capabilities of the Negro race---*
 Their proseut actual inferiorriv in many resp,x-t
 comparing them ax a whole wkh tine lighter Colour*
 1 ed portion of mankind, istooevide:U tube disputed;
 .hut it must lie bomo In min I that tlicy are not in a
 1 fit condition for a fUir eomporkon to Is* draw n ly
 tween the two. Their presout state stay
 lx* easily accounted for Lv the circumstances smxUt
 1 nliii h Negroes have liveo, f&gt;)th in their uwnconutrv
 and alirrsid. If a single instance can he adduced lif
 an imlivi.lual oftlic Africa* race eshihitintp a emiiu«
 which would lie considered eminent in civducd Euro
 pean society, we have a proof that there is no intout-
 I patibility between Negro ortrniiizalion and high in*
 teTreetnsil power. Fet it mn &gt;t dim-alone, but many
 remat kalile eases of this flesrrip tioo th.it arc brought
 forward in the present volume, which &gt;m Itpits «p.
 j trnrtU of Ij(&gt; lltvgriip/ucat aktlchi* of A ftv.it** or tJt. tr
 j de*i r;vlin,tx lesides Fuels and A lit c«lutes, Testitiio,
 iiics of 'lVaveflers, Missionaries, &amp;e., the
 forming a complete “Trim, i k &lt;&gt;r rttr Nr«ißo,**
 and exhibiting an undoubted refutation of the un
 founded calumnies which have been heaped on the un
 fortunate rare of Africa,proving theta tn he endowed
 with every t hurarteri.-li' eonstitutnig tlteir identity
 with the grout family of Man, and e niscqurolly, en
 titled tn certain itia’ien d h* right s,** amoegst wl.i tt
 are life, lilterty, and the puiM.&gt;t i f |«a| j.inet.»,” any
 infringement on which is a daring u-ui pateiti of Ik*
 prerogativu and autholi’v of the ,M ..-i iligh.
 The wot k w ill lx- rendprod nihiitionully interesting
 by AX A F CROP P. I\l K ISTRiim IOKt
 w ritten purposely li r the occasion, by Ri rlaiU)
 Rartom. li v, ill also U- enriched by the a idition
 of a be:uitiful engraving, front :i painiiog p,fw-t;ted
 i to the Isun lon .Mis -ionary riocietv, r&lt; presenting two
 Natives of South Ali ifn giving Ey idem u betoc 4
 Select Committ-e of the House of ’ohumhis. Tltu
 Af icans arc giving eviiienee, IV. I'hiiftp r.s *»*h'u&lt;l
 ia the ti.regrniind, and James Head, sen. ami jun..
 Missionaries from South All itti, are standing, tao
 latter artiiigag interpreters The ..duuio w.UaU.ic&lt; I*.
 tain portraits of
 1 I'lMtut:, the Chief of" Amisfa I r P f," v
 I Jan Tz 1 tzuk, (.Vistian Chief of tho AataXon*
 1 Tril&gt;e,S nth MViea.
 J. \V. C. I’EA iSiiTON,* higlilv r-teemed Miuialur
 ol lilt (iosjtel, &lt;1 p.ure Ab ieu.l extra* turn.
 Freiikpick I)oi:oi, ash,the tiitfifive davc.
 Ol.ti ntH K.gemn, or fit ate res Vassa,
 Engraved ou steel In lirst-mtc •Vrlists. A Is. s »ac
 jSldtl. E of ill.- Wilting of Tot XXAINT L’OtVER
 TV RE, tlx llhi -k Itiefof Huyli,
 I lie tvojk will lx-.printed in lUt; la-rf type, on finu
 |»:qx-r, an f consist of abouf 500 pages Hv&gt;'., Is-sutilul
 iy b ain lin eli.di, 1 Lit 41) X) pri.|.riatt device, f nil
 ing an eh-gniit volume for the draw iug-rooin table.
 Ali profits miring from its tale will I*s devoted to
 tlx: Anti-Shivery cause; A merman pneo, to &gt;nbseiib
 ers .'-If; to ii.oi-snbstiilx-r* #1; *ll ti«i. ttalsdcsiruu*
 of poss.-siog copies will oblige |&gt;y s.-uumg ila-ir 01-
 d.-rs to \Vir.so.v A««is rr.xii, LaeJi or to U.c
 Norrti Star Olheo.
 WHF.ItLAS, \V a»T llPDr;rs ami Eleanor
 IIMKiES, his wile, of the itv of Rochester,
 on the fniitnmtli day uf July, in tiw y ,-ar «f oui
 E.rd txx- tint(san I eight him.lts I ami forty-§ve,
 .Mortgage.| to (jet; Rl r Smru.ol VI.-*,li*
 son Cou-ilv, for securing to Ili.ll tlw- paynxot of Two
 Handled and Miy-five liolfctrs, and interest, all U 41
 tnir.t nr |wircel of land situate in the City of R&lt;m h*»-
 ter iiforesuui, County o* Monroe ami Stale of New
 York: To wit, thirty-three tret 6rout on
 street, and running lew k to the rear the same w i lth
 intending to ondtrieo fhs* f&gt;t3*t Itnlfof all that certain
 lot of bod i t that pHJt of lot liMy-fortr n 'l own
 s‘np No. I, of the SJx»rt Hnn}e, known as tlx* Cxk--
 .lonia I'Ut; on which tlm lan I herein inten led, i«
 distinguished as lot O, lv my between l,f n |o| ami
 105 of said plai; it Ix-ing tf«* East half of tlx; sauxs
 lot forux rb. oivaed by J»»i«h Hispii, Jsmk&gt;r, ami
 couveved to Kleazor on Un&gt; 2hi, tiny t,f
 Miirch, 1.*&lt;27 See M snioc C- sinty iktotut, hiU«
 Eigltt of DiC.li, at pag d7f.
 AUo, all due tract m put nA ~t Iwn,*, sitfmtc in the
 City i.f Radies' -r, Cam.ry of A lorn or, s Sia*e t#
 I New York, 'f t *it/diirty-tJ«ec Pet limit on («uZ
 fuw Street, dud ru.iniii' back to Vve rear tlx- s ,i»»y
 width, iiih-ixfing toembriter th.- Wot lialf, „f a
 I certain l-rt of hind io that p«rt of lot Ltty-four (s|.&gt;
 1,1 Townsitip No. &lt;Hx;,ui tlw Siw.it H.uigc, kta.w n as
 the Cahxionht I'Ut, on wlti&lt; It tix- tin i herein i itcmi
 e i to Is- granted, i« rti»tmgui»!m.i aa krt Uin» by
 t*wn lot 101 ami iOAof said Flat; it UicJ* thn
 West Itaif of the auwM, tvwicth &lt;mmed by
 Risv 11. Junior, and «miwv*l io El-aasr Tdk.t*fn
 .*u th.- 21st day of MnrrW, |*KI7. Mew Mom- t
 ty Iti-c-ardr, L.hcr (eijAn »upp. »«d) ,4
 at poge 47|.
 And, W hereas, fbdhrUt Imm fvsm mn-V }r, Ix
 incirt of riw rtxeieis eared by Stud Mf*a-iJ
 w ii. h are cLhnml to aaumct at th- t.me &lt;1 t.*r first
 poMiraii xi of tins mdtes-, l, tlvvc Jan J rc ,j &lt;nr j w
 dsilats (t;302 (id.) N'»w ,th* jrf-re, nork&lt;-i •h- .et.v
 ipvex, that by »irl«e *sf pow-r of sai ,oMa**»ed
 the sai l Mortgage ami in pvur, wusuf tlx* .'•'stares
 “f 1 «*"■r mmJf mad pnoiridmf, »hr aE.v.- ,d
 ed Mortgaged efjtwc&gt;, will .he fed! at pwidx aw IXa*
 or vmxlue at lit* Coml if &gt;iwc, fu the f it; of it- i
 ter, ou tlw Iwetiih &lt;Uy of Joac, wtl, at t,tm o’cka 4
 US thi- afteraumt vf taut das.
 fsFRRfr SMlTH,U*rtc*g~
 NEII. IH NTIVJ lON, An*,.
 Fr.Tr.BHE4, March 0, IW». n r*.
 PJST AND WILED*. DmWs in Ihmgm. Mc.b.
 rmc«, OmnnnJi, lh« MiEfe, i*ai &gt;t», Yaratsh,
 •hi*, (jilMSsfc, itllkcr, Pttfiariv, Ih'irttrtSlp
 Stack, 1 remit m»i tier mao ChrsMraw, Atm***
 Coin fa, Bnxhn atxl tonur, LtktuJ hi, 001 l
 Leaf ami Foil, kr. Ite.
 Being A tfmi* ft tumt of thr tvWcuir l Fvmffr
 ami nihalik i'aietit MtajiiW*, awl tl«r
 stac ditejct!) fro.a the tlmmtoeum*•» arttett
 they arc ntildr 1 to mtt-yly aft m4*i at saVrsV
 amf (emit, w lie tmmt f»wv&gt;’* urtm.
 If inn hi 1 pi'* if BmJt*, M** e&gt;&lt;4 Fmody
 (‘tsw, hliawltm- ba; mfsrnts ft* Mr&gt;.,
 m» s*m F«r*.
 Alw&gt;, (fermti’i VUmaory JLcWt,
 with -U'wimar
 PWfm Cm: »h&gt; Fthmsif f»;j mH Lum, f
 karw«( *'*M rr.
 —mr o»i Htmymm-, to**,
 J c&lt; !r i
 r -HKiJfc#, W *f |.t
 Af^uifECAiar**
 UAP i b jjti y*-
"
