"Notices.
National Convention of Ihe Liberty
 Leacw.
 The mvWrigrv'd committee appointed at
 Macodon Uk \i in June lasi to rail a Na
 tional &lt;rnnc time tn the year 1848,
 do invite Tlwa' who wish to provide equal
 civil n&gt;&gt;enhiiofl for th&lt;* rights of all m«m, to
 meet in Convention at the city of Roehceter,
 on the 31st iUv of May next, at I" clock
 A. M., for the purpose of mmnnating a can
 didate f&lt;tr the ico Presidency, and the Iran*
 artton of snch othet busmen* as may comr
 before the convention.
 The otwivmuion will be held in the Cotin
 House, and will continue two days.
 E. S. GILBERT,
 W. I). Barmitt,
 Wm. U. Smith,
 A. Pensei.,
 lllttM Pittw,
 National Com. of the Liberty League
 Honkovk, Feb. 29, 1848.
 Notick.— Agreeably to the recommendv
 tion of tli» liberty Party Convention, held 11
 Auburn, January 12th and 13tli, I*lB, a Na
 tional labertv Party Convention will be heh
 in the city of Buffalo, on the 14th and 15t!
 dan of June, lwfB.
 ’Phi* Convention, from the fact that it is ex
 peeled to nominate candidates for Presides
 and ice President; and to take high :u»d ef
 fective ground in behalf of personal liberty
 free-trade, frce-soil, exemption from the bur
 den and curse of war, and from other viola
 lions of the equal rights of all men, will prsba
 bly attract a large concourse of persons aiH
 be of a deeply interesting character.
 State League Convention.
 A mass convention for the nomination o:
 Slate officers, to be sup|K»rled by the Libert t
 league at the ensuing fall election, will lit
 holden in the Court House, at Rochester, on
 the second day of June, at 10 o’clock A. M.
 J/3t our friends see to it that the various
 parts of the State are well represented.
 E. S. Gilhkrt,
 W. I). Babbitt,
 Wm. R. .Smith,
 11 ik am I’itts,
 A. Pknnel,
 Central Com. of the Liberty League.
 Honkoye, Feb. 20th, I^4B.
 The Prisoners.
 A meeting was held in Boston on the 25th,
 in relation to the recent attempted escape of
 the slaves from Washington, and the impri
 sonment of those concerned in it. A corm
 nnttee was appointed, and we publish below a
 Circular issued by them. We need not com
 mend it to the attention of our readers
 To thf Frit mis of liberty throughout the United
 State*
 The undersigned, at a public meeting of
 citizens of Boston, held at Faneuil Hall, on
 the 25th mst., in relation to the recent arrest,
 at Washington, of three men, charged with
 assisting the escape of fugitive slaves, weie
 authorized to collect money mid employ coun
 sel, for the purjiose of defending these men,
 and of bringing before the Supreme Court of
 the United States the question of the legality
 of slavery in the District of Columbia.
 Our action in this matter can furnish no col
 or of pretence to charge us with meddlesome
 interference. Whatever may be the case in
 the States, slavery in the District of Columbia
 is a national affair our affair. Over that
 District Congress possesses sole and exclu
 sive jurisdiction. It is the citizens of the
 United States who are the jailors of these
 men.
 We deny that the Constitution confers on
 Congress any power to establish, or to main
 tain slavery, in territory over which it possess
 es exclusive jurisdiction. This is a most im
 portant question, in reference not only to the
 District of Columbia, but to the territory
 about to be acquired fiom Mexico. We wish
 to bring it before the Supreme Court, and to
 •have it presented there, along with some
 other closely related questions, by the very
 ablest counsel. To do that, money is needed;
 and wc call on you, friends of liberty, to fur
 nish it. Even pirates and murderers are en
 titled to counsel how much more, guilty
 only of an act of humanity, prisoners iu the
 midst of a hostile community, surrounded by
 enemies thirsting for their blood This call,
 we know, will not be in vain. We suggest
 the expediency of setting subscriptions on foot
 in the principal towns. All remittances to
 our Treasurer, J. P. Blanchard, or to Samuel
 E. Sewall, 10 State street, or Francis Jack
 son, 27 State street, or to anv member of the
 Committee, will he acknowledged through the
 public prints, and the ex|K‘nditure duly ac
 counted for. Editors friendly to liberty are
 requested to give this a few insertions.
 SAMUEL MAY,
 SAMUEL G. HOWE,
 SAMUEL E. SEWALL,
 RICHARD HILDRETH,
 ROBERT MORRIS, Jr.,
 FRANCIS JACKSON,
 ELIZUR WRIGHT,
 JOSEPH SOUTH WICK,
 W A LTKR CH A N NING,
 J. W. BROWNE,
 HENRY I. BOW DITCH,
 WM. F. CHANNING,
 JOSH. P. BLANCHARD,
 JAMES M. WIIITON,
 CHARLES LIST.
 Boston, April 28, 1848.
 JO 3 The hail fixed upon is $70,000;
 about $lOOO for each prisoner.
 New England Anti-Slavery Con
 vention.
 The annual meeting of the New England
 Anti-Slavery Convention will be held in
 Boston, Tuesday, Wednesday, and Thurs
 day, May 30th. 21st, and June Ist, to which
 nil the friends of immediate and unconditional
 emancipation are cordially invited. Not one
 of the'long series of meetings held by this
 Convention have failed to be of obsorbing
 interest, or to give a powerful impetus to the
 Anti-Slavery cause. No other anniversary
 mooting in the land is so attractive, or charac
 terized by such earnestness of spirit and
 lioldnegs of expression. Large as lias boon
 the attendance hitherto, it is hoped it will this
 year greatly exceed all precedent.
 Let the friends oi the slave, even far beyond
 Ixirders ot New England, pour into the
 eilv like an invading army.
 Who that can come will he absent Hew
 long shall the slaves be kept in their chains 1
 How long shall we ourselves crouch undei
 the lash of southern slavedrivers How
 long shall the present union with human
 kidnappers continue 1 Let a more than
 French enthusiasm inspire us to assemble
 otr force B combine and direct our strength,
 and give vigor to our operat ons. Let tins lw
 a memorable gathering in the history of th&lt;
 republic. We can nnse it so—then u k will
 Notice.—lra Grover, formerly of Cuba
 Alleghany county N. Y., is desirous o
 learning where his brothers, Stephen, Harvy
 and Ira, and bis sister, Anna, tuc, if living
 and whom ho haj not seen since childhood
 Letters addressed U* bun, to the postofSct
 here, will be received with ibanka..
 St. CJairsville, Apr. 24, }Bl£.
 ID’ Buffalo, Cleveland and CohimhiM
 pajH-rs would confer a benefit by copying the
 a lit/vc.
 Nun'*,—Edwin L. Darby, a colored
 man, toowtily died in Uuiou Village, New
 York, leaving some property. Hie relations,
 who are supjxised to be in Michigan, ran
 pblain informalio i it tbu Noith Star office.
Sice tin** in the West.
 Hr-nr* C. Wrk'ht, the ApiOtle of P««ce,
 and CbMnC. Burleigh, thualoqnent
 slavery Advocate, will Uokt meetings at the
 follow mg pi* 4 at
 Putshorgh, Pa. June 15th, 16th 17th
 New Hnghum, llhh 20th
 I&lt;et»wville Ohio M 22d
 Youngstown, 4 24th 25th
 New Lyme 27th
 PatncsviUe, 291 h
 Chagrin Falla, July lit 2d
 leveland, 44 4th
 Twinsburgh, 44 44 6th
 Richfield, 44 44 6th 9th
 Akron, 44 44 llth
 Ravenna, 44 13th 14th
 Randolph, 44 15th lGth
 Mam I lon, 44 4 18th
 The meetings at New Lyme, Cleveland,
 and Akmn, will commence at ten o'clock, A.
 M.; the others, on the find day of the meet
 ing* at two o'clock, P. M.; subsequent daya
 at 10 A. M.
 The friends of Anti-Slavery and of Ptsaee
 are requested to make all necessary anange
 ment* for the meetings, and give aa wide a
 notice as fiossible. Now is the time to
 agitate.
 Person* can avail themselves of thia op
 portunity afli»rded by these meetings to pay
 j tor the Aiiu-Slavury Standard, to SAJteOc
 UkOOKE.
 American Anti-Slavery Society.
 We regret our inability to gifc a full re
 port of the speeches delivered at the annual
 meeting. We will endeavor to supply *he
 deficiency as far as possible next week.
 SrEECH or Mbs. Lccretia Mott.
 There is not a m re interesting object for
 the contemplation of the philosopher and the
 Christian—the lover of man, and the lover ot
 God, than the law of progress, —the advance
 ment from knowledge to knowledge, from
 obedience to obedienoe. The contemplation
 of it is beautiful, the investigation of it is ex
 ceedingly interesting, as manifested in the his
 tory of the world. We find in the earlier
 records, the command to advance, 44 to get
 thee from thy kindred, from thy father’s house,
 and to coine into the land which 1 shall show
 thee.” And, again 44 ye have encompassed
 this mountain long enough speak to my peo
 ple, that they go forward.” In the declara
 tion of the Prophets of old, it was men of
 clean hands who were to grow stronger and
 stronger; it was the righteous who held on
 his wav: and in latter times we find the re
 commendation of the Apostles to their breth
 ren was, 44 to go on unto perfection, not lay
 ing again the foundation for repentance from
 dead works.” And, indeed, was not the
 teaching of Jesus particularly directed to lead
 the people onward, 44 Ye have heard that it
 was said by them of old time, thou shalt do
 thus or so!” then assailed those orders and
 institutions which they regarded as sacred
 speaking directly in opposition to their alleg-1
 ed Heaven ordained law. In contradiction to
 this law* of retaliation, he taught them to love
 their enemies and to do good to all, embracing
 all mankind in the love which he so beautiful
 ly inculcated, and so happily exemplified.
 In coining down to latter times, this law of
 progress is most emphatically marked in our
 day, in the great reformatory movements
 which have agitated the truth-loving and sin
 cere-hearted, engaged in the work of blessing
 man. This may not be a fitting occasion to
 dwell much upon this topic but there are
 those present who can look back to the early
 days of the great peace reformation. The
 liist efforts were to arrest the progress of of
 fensive war; while they claimed to them
 selves, in extreme cases, the right of a resort
 to self-defence. Hut a reformer now, the Je
 sus of the present age, on the Mount Zion of
 Peace, says. 44 Ye have heard that it w as i
 said by them of old, thou shalt war only in
 self-defence, but I say unto you, take not up
 the sword at all.” The language is not now
 in only prophetic vision, as of old; it does
 not, as the current theology has attempted,
 explain the prophecies of peace on earth, to
 refer to some future, far distant millenium,
 but its language now is, sheath the sword;”
 44 render good for evil;” little children are
 taught to return a 44 kiss for a blow.” Do
 we not see the progress that these principles
 have made Was there ever a period in
 history when nations were so prolific of events
 as at the present moment, giving promise of
 being consummated by the ultimate realization
 of the higher principles of peace on earth,
 and good w ill to man,” calling into action the
 high moral sentiments of the jieople, and tend
 ing to arrest the sword of the destroyer.
 Truly, this law of progress is worthy of
 our admiration. Look at it in the temperance
 reformation: those interested in that cause,
 can remember how it was said by them of old
 time 44 thou shalt drink wine moderately,
 and alistain from the unnecessary use of in
 toxicating liquors.” What is the language
 now of the Saviour on Mount Zion of Temper
 ance 44 1 say unto you drink not wine at all
 —practice 4 total abstinence’ from all intoxica
 ting liquors.”
 And how has it been (let me touch upon it
 ever so lightly) with the subject of priestcraft!
 It w as said by them of old time, 44 down with
 your hierarchies. The Protestant reformers
 said, “away with your popery, away with
 firiests of that particular church,” and let us
 lave in lieu thereof, the Protestant and dis
 senting priesthood. What now is the lan
 guage of the reformer from among those who
 begin to have God for their high priest—Him
 self the teacher of his people! 44 Thou shah
 judge for thine own self what is right, and
 God alone is, and shall be thy teacher.”—
 Look at your pulpits; they are widening;
 they are not the little, high, narrow, isolated
 boxes they were wont to be in olden time
 there is room for several, and occasionally a
 woman is found to occupy a place there.
 (Applause.) Is not this then an evidence of
 progress even in the greatest and highest of
 Christian principles!
 How is it in the Anti-Slavery cause It is
 now more than ten years since it was my
 privilege—and a great one 1 esteemed it—to
 attend an anniversary, of this kind m this city.
 1 remember the.tone of the speeches, how that
 only the first principles of Anti-Slavery were
 brought into view. And, indeed, looking
 back to a period shortly before this, when a
 little handful gathered in the city of Philadel
 phia, and sat m convention, —and what fur!
 1 o declare, not merely self-evident truths—to
 reiterate the simplest truisms that were ever
 uttered. Head the declaration of the Anti-
 Slavery Convention of 1833, and see w hat it
 was found necessary then to declare in Con
 vention. The pt!oplc were asleep on the sub
 ject with some few exceptions. There had
 l&gt;een solitary individuals, such as Lundy, and
 Elias Hicks, aud the Heuezetts, the Clarksons,
 aud the Wilberforces. But tire labors in
 England for twenty years were simply to ar
 rest the progress of the Slave Trade, and it
 was the work of a w oman to declare, that
 Immediate, not Gradual Abolition” was no
 less the duty o r the master, than the right of
 the slave. In this Convention in Philadelphia,
 the great principles of human freedom were
 ultered that every man had a right to his own
 body, and that no man had a right to enslave
 or iinhrute his brother, or to hold him for a
 moment as his property —to put a fi ilow-be
 mg on the auction-block, arid sell him to the
 highest bidder, nuking the m&lt;«t cruel separa
 tions in families. At that uio« these tilings
 wer scarcely known the people had scarce
 ly considered tliem. It was now made known
 to very in the Northern Slates, that
 there were then more than two millions held
 in lifts abject bondage, who were claimed as
 property, that men bad this irresponsible
 control, tbs legal nght to their persons.— i
 1 ‘Hits ymeulioo resolved what it should do: j
 first-—efficiently to organize itself, and then to j
 seek to farm other Anti-Slavery Societies]
 throughout the country. They were to go
 forth and endeavor u» enlist Ihe pulpit aud the
 press in behalf of the suffering and the dumb.
 The work it had to do w as a Herculean t*k
it tw, to tnret the priests of the Cfn»wb,
 fto endeaurr, br bntgiDf Bible texts* °T"
 p«e tfom to others, in onler to prmre th»
 man had no right to bold lus ftllow-befcg**
 tdait. What b* w?ohed from their labors
 Look at the law ot progress h» «Ma
 trad this appeal of the women of fccouxno i
 the women of Aoteriea; (applause
 What thev there mf with regard lojfoing to
 the Bihlc'to claim abthority for hoWin|nu
 man beings in bondage. It
 I now to quote the example of the Kaen
 i which modern slaveholder* claim tho fig** lo
 oppress their fellow-beings, and that to an ex
 tent greatly transcending alavehoiduig
 eieut Umea.
 But time is no longer occupied 1* Aom
 tioaiats in meeting the mi Ulster* in Inis y»7j
 i The labors of these Sow pwneero have bore
 sufficient to awake the nation to the eoamWetw
 tioo of this subject, and there is re *l H fce
 the hearts of those who bare not been blaafod
 by their sectarian prejudices, by
 thev have received, or by the boa 1 J"* 8
 world which blinds the eyes of them that be
 lieve not. These have heard the truth, and
 i having received it, gladly have come forward,
 and in their inmost heart there is a response
 u, tli? truth as it was once uttered by a speak
 er of the House of Assembly in Barbados;
 i that every man knows in his heart that
 slave hold mg is wrong.” It was needed that
 some should first come forth thus armed
 j give their views to the people and may not
 i the pioneer in this cause of immediate aboli
 j (ion, (taming towards Mr. Garrison,) who
 tiod the wine press alone in the beginning of
 this work, say in the language of the Prophet,
 with my staff I passed over Jordan, and now
 I have become two bands?” Look around
 you over the country, and see whether he
 spoke in vain, when he declared that he would
 be heard. (Great applause.) Observe the
 progress in the labors of this reform, that
 both the pulpit and the press are enlisted to
 some extent in behalf of the suffering and the
 dumb. Also, as has been already remarked
 in the legislative halta of the land. The Na
 tional Assembly is engaged w ith it. Scarce
 ly a Legislature in the several States but dis
 covers at every move on the great question
 of American Slavery, something cheering to
 the Abolitiouist. Sven though the slaves are
 increasing in numbers, even though their ter
 ritory is being enlarged at every circle, yet,
 when we look abroad and see what is now be
 ing done in other lands, when we see human
 freedom engaging the attention of the nations
 of the earth, we may take courage; and while
 we perceive bow it is assailed in our own land
 still we know how impossible it wjll be to
 separate it from the question of the freedom
 of the slave, in that it is inseparably connect
 ed with it in France, and is beginning fo be so
 in other countries.
 Have we not evidence of progress even in
 our own country on this subject A large
 Kublic meeting was called the other day to
 ail the events of France. Mark the differ
 ence in this from former meetings. Why it
 was scarcely ten years since Pennsylvania
 Hall was burned by a mob, because the liber
 ty of the colored man was advocated by white
 and colored people intermingled. What are
 now the facts with regard to this large meet
 ing in the great public square in the same city?
 Not only were the movements in regard to
 Freedom in the French colonies hailed by the
 white people present, but the colored people
 also came forward and were helped onward
 they had their stand also: and was it confined
 to themselves alone No, it was an amalga
 mation meeting! (Great applause.) YVas
 it by privilege, as women sometimes have the
 privelege to hold a kind of play meeting?—
 (Laughter.) No, the white people of that
 large gathering left their own speakeis, to go
 among the colofed crowd, and hear their
 speaker.
 Look also at the condition of the colored
 people in respect to the ridicule which was
 heajied upon them. Who are they now who
 ridicule us, because colored people arc mingled
 in this meeting? It is those whose ridicule
 is the scorn of the intelligent and wise of the
 nation. (Applause.) Now we find the col
 ored people coming forth in intelligence, in
 moral worth, with increasing self-respect, and
 are respected by their white brethren we see
 them stand side by side with those who have
 thus cruelly treated, oppressed and trodden
 them down.
 These, then, are the evidences of progress.
 Let the Abolitionist, who should be as the
 Jesus of the preseul age on the Mount Zion ot
 Freedom, continue to say “Ye have heard
 that it was said tiv them of old, thou shall treat
 thy slaves kindly, thou shait prepan: them tor
 freedom at a future day; but 1 say unto you
 bold no slaves at all, proclaim liberty now
 throughout the laud to all the inhabitants
 thereof.” Let this be the loud sounding ju
 bilee that shall be uttered. Let us no longer
 be blinded by the dim theology that only in
 the tar seeing vision discovers a millemum,
 when violence shall no more be heard in the
 land—wasting nor destruction in her borders;
 but let us behold it now, uigh at the door—
 lending faith and confidence to our hopes, as
 suring us that even we ourselves shall be in
 strumental in proclaiming liberty to the cap
 tive. But let there be increasing activity on
 the the part of Abolitionists they must not
 cease their labors arid ibid their bands, think
 ing their work done, because they have effect
 ed so much they must not be satisfied with
 coming to these anniversary meetings, they
 must continue to work at home. It is the
 righteous that holds on bis way, it is those
 who are faithful ,to the light that obtain more
 light; “he that is faithful in a little, shall be
 made ruler over more.” But if the light
 that is iu you be darkness, how great is that
 darkness.” Have we not some apostates in
 the cause, who give evidence of the truth of
 this Are there not some of whom it may
 be said, “it were better they had never known
 the way of righteousness, than that they
 should have turned from the commandments
 delivered unto them.”
 Let us go on, then, and make advancement
 by our faithfulness. When the pulpit cannot
 be enlisted, nor the Church aroused, it is the
 duty of Abolitionist* to have no longer any
 fellowship with those unfruitful works of
 darkness, but rather reprove them, by separa
 ting from them, and touching not the unclean
 thing. Here is the advanced step the Aboli
 tionists have made in the beginnmg of their
 w ork many of them w ere enlisted, as some of
 them still are, with the political movements of
 the land, —the party politics of the nation.—
 They lioped by thus uniting with these pow
 ers, to effect their work but they have dis
 covered that the situation of the country, the
 legal euaclmenls, the statutes that the slave
 holders have made, have been altogether tend
 ing to rivet the chains of the oppressed.—
 They have, therefore, found it theu duty to
 declare ui the progress they have been called
 upon to uuke, that they must obey the com
 mand get thee from thy father's house, and
 come into a land that I shall show thee.”—
 They have fotfhd it their duty to come out
 agaiust the Constitution and Government ot
 the country, as it is at present const 1 nod. 1
 know hole, however, how 10 treat this part of
 the subject. lam glad, however, ui the pro
 gtess evident in this.
 Glad also, of the evidence of advancement
 among AbuhtionisU as to the commercial and
 manufacturing relations of the country it be
 ing made known that these are carried on by
 the gain of oppression, while the North, equal
 ly with the South, building its houses by 1
 unrighteousness, and its churches by wrong, 1
 using its neighbor'* service without wages,
 and giving four not for fog work.” It t* be
 ginning to be seen that they must despise the 1
 gain of oppression, and deny themselves the I
 blood-boojtnt sweets and the blood stained 1
 mutton that has come through this corrupt 1
 haoud. They feel that they are called ttp
 xi not to be partakers of other men's was, and 1
 rot to participate in this mailer, except so for I
 t» in the general admixture of things, they 1
 ire necessarily involved, wfofo they live in the
 ♦ountry. The fact that they are also impli
 rated in other oppressive sv^tems —by the use 5
 &gt;f the product* of human labor, ought not to; 1
 lisctiatagr them. The Abol.uonhts hare alsoj 1

those engaged in the varieu* laborious employ
 ments In England, Scotland, Ireland.and other
 portions of Europe. Tbe axe wes first laid
 at the root of the corrupt tree of hwnin sfanfr
 ty, »od through this tfijfljw lp* been sn
 out ted own dearly tw heboid what are the
 universal rights of tnohi None are more rear
 dv to assist the oppressed laborer to obtain hie
 rights than they. Lei them then be faithful
 to their trust, so shall their wroth be Meat, not
 only to the poor slave, bat to all there who
 are in any way wronged and injured. If they
 are not true to their trust, if they are net uni
 ted to go on in our work, but suffer themselves
 to slumber at their pasta, what wifi be the re
 sult Will there not then be reason to fear
 that the language of the martyr, Charles Mar
 riott, will be fulfilled that America—Re
 publican America, will be the last stronghold
 of Slavery |in the civilised wotld!” (Ap
 plause.)
 New Anti-Slavery Newspapers.
 The Reformer is published weekly by the
 Newark N. J. Anti-Slavery society at one
 dollar a year, and is presented to the public,
 for the purpose of proposing and expoun
 ding the same principles, which were to
 control the publication of The Looking
 Glam.”
 Virginia in the mku&gt;. —An emancipa
 tion paper, called the Cbisis, has just made
 its appearance at Mandsville, Virginia, edited
 by Aaron Berkshire, who defines his posi
 tion as follows:
 One object, and we may say the main
 object we have in presenting the public with
 this weekiy visitor, is, Emancipation —a
 theme which is now absorbing both the North
 and South.”
 We do not feel at all ashamed to embark
 in this general crusade against the system of
 American slavery; as it is a notorious fact,
 that many of the no/&gt;lest citizens of the sunny
 South, have declared in favor of emancipation,
 as the only means of saving the nation from a
 premature and disgraceful death. Many,
 very many, slaveholders, m Virginia, are in
 favor of a well grounded sykem of emancipa
 tion, and will labor efficiently for its attain
 ment.
 The Louisville Examiner tenders the fol
 lowing hearty greeting;
 Welcome, brother, most welcome!
 There are none desiring the removal of sla
 very, who will not hail the Crisis with pleas
 ure from all who long or labor for Emanci
 pation, it will receive a hearty ‘god speed.’
 The editor believes the time has come for
 action in Western Virginia. Doubtless it is
 so. That vast and fertile region needs only the
 stimulus of free institutions and froe labor, to
 make it one of the most desirable portions of
 our land. What section is more healthful
 Where is there more water-power In what
 portion of any state can we find a larger amount
 and variety of mineral resources? Nature
 has scattered with liberal hand, and most
 profusely, too, every means of wealth, of
 power, of sustaining a dense and thriving
 population, and nothing but slavery has pre
 vented these means from being used long
 ago.
THE NORTH STAR.
ROCHESTER, MAY 20, 1849.
Editorial Correspondence.
 Since the recent Anniversaries in New
 York, I have been occupied in the lecturing
 field. The interesting events transpiring at
 home and abroad, makes this a most happy
 moment for from the platform, the
 great principles of justice and human brother
 hood against slavery. At no time in the
 history of our rightcoo* raovemont, has there
 been a better opportunity to instruct and
 arouse the people to this subject, than at this
 time. A general desire to hear, is every
 where manifested. This general tide ought
 not to be lost. Abolitionists ought to improve
 it, and use it efficiently for the destruction of
 slavery, with all its hateful crimes. John P.
 Hale is right in saying that the South is
 already agitated, and that it is the North that
 needs to be stiired.
 Giddings, Palfrey, and Hale are stirring
 the South most effectually. The recent
 speech of the former gentlen an in Congress,
 on the resolution inquiring into the facts rela
 tive to our disgraceful mob in the District of
 Columbia, must have stung, burnt and blis
 tered even the callous and obdurate slave
 holders in that House. It is truly a noble
 sign of the times, when Mr. Giddings can, in
 the very teeth of Southern men, pronounce
 every man who enslaves his fellow-man a
 man-stealer, and hurl defiance at any slave
 hohler, or combination of slaveholders, who
 may presume to fetter or limit his right of
 speech. We look upon this speech as the
 noblest ever uttered on the floor of Congress.
 Speeches there have been, even during this
 session, far above this in point of arrange
 ment and rhetoric, but none equalling this in
 boldness and power. Every word seems to
 come warm from the heart, as free and unre
 strained as water from a gushing fountain.—
 It reads like the speech of a living man and
 it possesses a life-giving power. It was in
 vain for the slaveholders to warn him that his
 speech might make the slave unhappy in his
 chains; that he was speaking within hearing
 of the slaves, and that it might lead them to
 rebel against their masters. He answered
 like a man—a brave man—and said though all
 the slaves in the universe should bear* and be
 made dissatisfied with their chains, he should
 yet speak out the sentiments of his heart on
 this subject. 1 warn the slaveholders that this
 roan Giddings most be silenced, er the Dis
 trict of Columbia will become free. There is
 no power on earth that caa support slavery
 where this man is allowed to speak as he
 has now done, and has promised to persevere
 in doing. And yet I hardly know how to ad
 vise them to stop him. It will not do to cen
 sure him. He will make it the occasion of
 setting the whole country in a blase of free
 dom with the power of his defence. It wifi
 not do to expel him; —he wifi then go home;
 but only to return with new strength, and
 with s fresh baptism of anti-slavery fire. Nor
 wifi it do to kill him —be would slay move
 by bis death than by his life. I confess to
 my Southern friends, that I know not how to
 xdtiae them in their present unhappy predica
 ment. They are evidently in a bad fix,”
 and upon them devolves the responsibility of
 getting out iff it. Meanwhile, I congratulate
 the slave. Poor toil-worn and plundered
 bondmen, UR op your hearts!—the heel of
 the tyrant cannot much longer rest op your
 bearing bosom*) your deliverance diawetk
 nigh.
 I meant to have said more about the anni
 versaries in tho feet number, but was pres
 vented by my numerous public engagements,
 I wish at thi* time to call e*pcci#lMea»»onlo

on resolution adopted by the American Anti
 Slavery Societj. It ia this:
 Itaolved, Thai Slavrholden», m sfch,cai
 have no rights. They hare no rightful exist
 mar on autli; tber were never created b;
 God; they emstittte no port of thw bulnai
 roar ihqr are of monstrous and mabolica
 «%io nod, therefore, no law, an ooosutu
 tiim, no compact, no religion, that endorse
 their humanity, is to be obeyed or tolerated.
 At the firm, this startling resolution strud
 me unfavorably. The great truth it contained
 and was designed to express, I thought to h
 obscured by the ambiguity of its language.—
 Maturer reflection on the subject has not oub
 removed this obstacle in the way of my adopt
 ing it, but has led me to the eondosion that i
 is ooe of the dearest, important and time!)
 words to which anti-slavery ever gareuttet
 aiice. It dearly defines the position of tin
 slaveholder, as a being that his forfeited al
 rights, by annihilating all the rights of other*
 They*have no rightful existence on earth.’
 Startling as this proposition may seem, it i
 but the reiteration of God— “Whoso atealel]
 a man and selleth him, or if be be found u
 his band, be shall be surely put to death.”--
 They were never created by God.’* Thi
 is simply saying that they are unknown ii
 the creation of God. He made made man
 but never a man-stealer. The next affirma
 tion is, that they are of monstrous and diabol
 ica! origin. That is to say, that they are, ii
 the language of Jesus, Of their father, th&lt;
 Devil.” The conclusion from these premise!
 is irresistible. No law, constitution, com
 pact, or religion that endorses their humanity
 ought to be obeyed or tolerated.
 These propositions I regard as most im
 portant to be urged just now upon the peoph
 of the whole country. While the iron-heartec
 and brass-browed Calhoun, with his train o
 merciless man-stealers,, are with the utmos
 audacity standing up in the American Senate
 and talking of the rights of slaveholders, and
 there is in the North an everlasting prating
 about the rights of our Southern brethren,”
 it is meet that the American Anti-Slavery
 Society should confront them all with the bold
 and startling denial contained in this resol u
 rion. It is the right word for the times, ll
 puts into language and force a truth which
 has lain dormant in the souls of many. God
 made man with two hands, two feet, and a
 head, and no more, and he who claims and
 possesses any more than these, is devil-made,
 and is a monster, unknown to any law of
 God or nature, and constitute no part of the
 human family. They have forfeited all light
 to be numbered with that great family. He
 is an outrage upon all law, human and divine.
 The laws, if we must call them such, that
 sustain him are monstrous and infernal; and
 the religion that sustains him, equally so. It
 is important to keep this point before the
 whole country, and especially before Southern
 statesmen. Calhoun and Foote, Bagby and
 Davis, should know that they are rapidly
 coming to be regarded and treated as man
 stealers—children of the devil.
 I have no doubt that the resolution will meet
 with opposition, even in some quarters of the
 anti-slavery ranks but we only ask a calm
 consideration for it, and I hrfve no fears for the
 result. However much we may fail to see
 the truth it contains, the slaveholder will see
 and feel it, on the first examination. Let it
 be discussed in every anti-slavery meeting,
 and adopted, and good will surely come
 of it.
 Among the numerous excellent resolutions
 adopted by the Annual meeting, was one
 one setting forth the right of slaves to escape,
 and affirming the duty of abolitionists to help
 them, and sanctioning the noble Sayres and
 Drayton in the act of aiding the seventy-seven
 slaves who attempted to escape from slavery
 in the District of Columbia.
 These men have been stigmatised before
 the world as thieves—robbers—pirates—
 manstealers.” Th 3 American Anti-Slavery
 Society comes nobly up; assumes voluntarily
 all the odium attaching to the act that has
 caused them to be stigmatized by those foul
 names, deeming such reproach to be the
 highest honor that can be conferred upon
 them. All these names have their right
 owners, who shall one day have all the honor
 or disgrace that attaches to them. The man
 who robs upon the high seas, who gives his
 victim a chance to fight for bis life and pro
 perty, is a spotless saint, compared with the
 mean and cowardly villain who wiQ take the
 babe newly stamped with divinity, in a state
 of helpless innocence, and doom it to the
 chains of slavery. Such is every slaveholder
 in the United States.
 During the past week, I have visited New
 London, Connecticut, and have given four
 lectures there. The first meeting was but
 thinly attended, and yet I was assured, that
 no lecturer on slavery ever called out a larger
 and more respectable audience in that j laee.
 It is by no means a grateful task to abolition
 ize Connecticut. As a State, it will probably
 be the last to be reformed. It* piety has
 eaten oat its humanity. The people seem to
 think themselves about as good as they can
 be, and that it would be sinful for them to try
 to be any bettor than they now are. Slavery,
 in their estimation, is a sin which it is un
 righteous to preach against. This, of course,
 is a general statement of the case. There
 are noble exceptions to this rule. There are
 good men and women in this State and in
 New London; but as as a mass, this repre
 sentation accords with their character. It is
 absolutely bfoodehilling to witness the indif
 ference with which the people listen to the
 thrilling wrongs of the slave, and hear their
 own crimes and inconsistencies exposed.
 You look in Tain for emotion. No tear of
 pity at the tale of woe; no look of surprise,
 mortification, or shame, at the enormities re
 vealed no manly indignation is evinced al
 the recital of dastardly deeds; but all is calm
 and still, as though they were hearing a
 lecture on geology. The two last meetings
 in New London were an exception to this
 description. The audiences manifested a
 deeper interest in the subject, than I had!
 hitherto seen in any part of Connecticut.
 I think New London about the beat part in
 the State. It borders on Rhode Island, and
 may bo indebted to that feet for its superiority.
 Rhode Island has given the right of suffrage
 to her colored citizens; Connecticut has
 denied that right; and has shows herself, in
 many other respects ttiforinT in hex lost pious
 Besides, New London, 1 hare lectured m
 Coventry, East Greenwich, Apponaug, sod
 Providence. The meeting* in this State
 have been vary satisfactory. A general in
trie* km been rivaled, tod a goodly numbe
 of subscribers to the North Star obtained
 I shall win East in order to attend th
 Hew England Convention; and shall the
 fa immndiitnly to my pool at Rochester.
 F. D.

 r* Cmcixxati, May" 7, 1818.
 Dm Dovounl arrived here on thi
 day week, and hare held four meetings on a
 many different evenings, in two of th
 churches, all of which meetings have bee
 attended b/ crowds of anxious listeners.
 To-morrow evening, I hold a meeting in th
 Fifth-Street Congregational Church, (funnel
 ly Rev. Mr. Blanchard'a,h and Lbave meeting
 appointed hr every night this week excep
 Saturday. There is certainly more work ii
 the Weet than one man can possibly attend to
 and I believe were Rcmond to join me a
 some given point, and we travel together
 that the enterprise would be fully justifiabk
 on both sides. The harvest in the West v
 truly ready, but the laborers are few. Wher
 ever oar principles are fully made known, they
 meet with many who readily subscribe tc
 them practical anti-slavery being that wftief
 the people desire, and at once see the fore*
 of. An agent of the Society is 'here tort
 much needed, and I not being one, have nc
 power to act for it, my principal business be
 ing for the North Star. But there U scarcely
 a place where I stop and hold one meeting
 but there are loud calls to hold successivi
 meetings, so eager are the people for th«
 spread of anti-slavery truths. Tliere is ont
 favorable sign of the times—the colored peo
 ple are beginning to receive the moral sua
 sion doctrine with much more favor thar
 formerly.
 They have learned that opr war is noi
 against their rights, but against America!
 slavery, and in favor of universal liberty am!
 that while we readily concede the right tc
 vote, even without disputing or quarrelling
 with our brethren, either colored or white,
 upon that point as such/ that we will indis
 criminatingly strike down all and everything
 that may come in the way of emancipation
 and the elevation of our race, be it politics, 01
 false religion, oterch or State Government;
 they are at once satisfied, and willing to hold
 up our hands, bidding us God-speed in oui
 laudable though arduous undertaking. I find
 the females everywhere most readily subscribe
 to our doctrine, and I can only account for this
 from *the fact that they themselves are gen
 erally oppressed and deprived of their rights
 by the despotic acts of legislation and false
 judicature.
 Tuesday, 9th.—l held a meeting last eve
 ning in Rev. Mr .Boyington’sChurch,on Sixth
 street. The house was filled with ihe most
 intelligent of both sexes and classes—l mean
 white and colored. On this evening I wa*
 quite unwell, and did not feel able to do jus
 tice to my subject, though, being before a
 new audience, I made no apology. They sal
 with the greatest attention for one hour, the
 people showing evidence of a desire for my
 continuance when I ceased but having been
 promised the church for two evenings, I made
 my discourso as short as possible on that oc
 casion but found that I had been mistaken in
 my calculation about the church, tbo trustees
 —the rulers of the people —disliking the posi
 tions taken in my lecture, would not give their
 consent for the holding of another meeting
 there. This is a fair representation of the
 anti-slavery senjiment in this community
 among our white fellow-citizens. So long as
 we are conservative and time-serving, we may
 get their churches, bot a declaration of truth,
 through the channel of liberal sentiments, is
 certain to meet with religious execration.
 This is the same church in which Rcmond
 lectured when here some yeats ago, hut at
 that time it was und Jt the pastoral charge of
 Rev. Mr. Blanchard, who himself being of
 liberal sentiments and uncompromising in his
 coarse, wielded an influence in the church,
 even among the trustees, that may not now
 be expected. Then the salvation of the
 church depended upon Mr. Blanchard now,
 it is fully established, and independent of its
 clergyman, though I know not how he felt
 towards the course pursue in the lecture.
 Wednesday evening the 10th, I lectured in
 the True Wesleyan Church. The house was
 full, and we had, as has been the eare with
 all the meetings I have held here, an agreea
 ble meeting, so far as the people, who some
 evidently eager and anxious to hear, are con
 cerned. I hold another meeting on Friday
 evening, in Sixth st. Methodist Church.
 The people here manifest great desire to
 bear testimony to anti-slavery truths; snd
 tliere is nothing which prevents them from
 bearing but the closing of the'churebes against
 them. It is true that there are many large
 and commodious public balls in the eity, but
 to obtain one of these would be attended with
 an expense of from ten to twenty-five dollars
 a night, an expense which we would not be
 justifiable in incurring. This the churches
 know; hence the power they wield in the
 irroscTiptive position they assume.
 There is quite s Urge population of colored
 residents in Ciaeumati, I suppose about 5,000.
 Among them there are many families of
 wealth and among the young people in par
 ticular, there is much intelligence. There
 are several young men here who have talents
 of the very highest order, oratory and poetry
 being familiar themes in their literary course,
 and many young women who would be an
 ornament to any society. The intelligence of
 the more youthful of the children, is particu
 larly attractive, many of them giving the
 premise of an intellect which, if properly
 cultivated, may beam forth in future with
 brilliancy. The young men and women
 guneeally, who are the most intelligent aad
 the best qualified, are mainly indebted for
 their qualifications to their own exertions.—
 This is highly praiseworthy, and eommends
 itself to every lover of the human family.—
 StiD, the young people, as such, especially
 the young men, have not in general come up
 to that standard of doty which the three
 millions of American slaves, and six hundred
 tb- msand nominally free colored people of the
 mtft-alaveboldiag States, so loudly call for and
 imperatively demand.
 TUa young people, I have said, do not keep
 V*** with the spirit of the age, though thaw
 ranch to commend among them. The aged
 gimeraOy am the capitalists, hot not haring
 had in their youth th? advantages of
 tom, cannot make such investment, and eatet
 into such enterprises with their money, as are
 necessary fbi the advancement of society.—
 i bis, of coarse, it Um legitimate bufinme,
r and expected of their sons and daughters.
 i Now if their children manifest no such ir*cli
 -5 j nation, but, on the contrary, appear indiff. rent
 to the import and insensible of the advantages
 to bo derived from such a course of domestic
 enterprioe, it is apparent that there is much
 cause for censure or reproof.
 Some years ago, there were many young
 s men and women, who possessed a fine capital,
 8 some of whom being the children of Bonth-
 P enters, who, moved by the impulses of na
 n tore, brought them to this city, bought pro
 perty for them, schooled them, ami gave
 e ample means for a respectable Lrehhood. If
 b those young men and women who, havutg
 5 the qualifications and means, had invested
 x their capital and embarked in different fnisi
 ness, Mich as confectionaries, variety shop?,
 shoe stores, dry goods, and fancy millinery
 t establishments, all of which are among the
 staple business of this place, and which many
 of the young men and women could hate
 admirably succecdeti in which, 1 am sorry to
 say, they did not do, but rather wore disposed
 to live at ease, upon what they hail, forgetting
 the maxim, that always taking out of the
 meal-tub, and putting nothiog in, will soon
 come to the bottom.”—Much might have been
 done by the young people of this city, morn
 than what has been.
 Anti-slavery is but a beggarly element io
 this region, and, save a few exceptions, in
 which our friends of the Herald are included.
 an eastern autir&amp;lavery man might well sup
 pose himself to be in Kentucky. Of course,
 in this I except the colored residents, who,
 while they are all anti-slavery, have
 not, as yet, given the subject, aside from
 its political aspects, any er much thought. 1
 am pleased to see U»e readiness with which
 the greater part admit the truthfulness of our
 position, and subscribe to many of our views;
 i 1 and w’hilc many believe in the ballot-box as
 onoof the uwst effectual means of attaining
 the great end sought—the overthrow of the in
 fernal system of American slavery yet they
 do not hesitate to acknowledge that moral
 suasion is accomplishing, practically, what it
 j will take ages for politics to do—-that is, social
 equality. It is a fact well worthy of remark,
 that one of the most intelligent colored gen
 j tlemen observed to me, that the anti-slavery
 j people of Cincinnati and the colored people,
 have no intercourse nor acquaintance, only
 being hnought together on great or extraordi
 nary occasions, such as- great meetings, con
 ventions, lectures, &amp;c., when the colored peo
 ple take no part among the whites, they doing
 the whole business, the; colored looking on mi
 silence. This truth is verified by the firrt,
 that it is with the utmost difficulty that you
 can find a colored lady or gentlemen in this
 city who feel themselves at liberty to intro
 duce you to an abolitionist. They stand oiF
 from them with as much deferential awe as
 Charles to his lord and master, the great
 einlioJimint.” I administer this rebuke to
 the respectable colored residents of this eitv,
 I because I am acquainted with tlum, and love
 them and their worth 100 much to see them
 thus duped or imposed upou by the mock anti
 slavery of Cincinnati.
 \ou will be pleased tojearn that I ha v o
 met with Mary K. Miles, late of Boston, the
 amiable and untiring fpend of the slave and
 I humanity, who caine to this city some six
 months since, to assist irr the High Nohool of
 r Hiram Gilmore, and thus more effi*et
 ually coi|trib«te I to the promotion of her op
 pressed race in this land of liberty, Bibles,
 whips, thumVscrews, human yokes, hand
 cuffs, and chains.
 The colored citizens here take great inter
 est in the North Star, and are doing a good
 deal for it, and promise much Tine is fore
 boding of good, but arises altogether from the
 confidence they have in the continuance of the
 paper. In this they are right, as they have
 been so frequently deceived by papers in their
 own State corning up and as speedily going
 down, that now they are determined first to
 “be sure they are right, then go ahead.”
 I here were none contributed more to the
 interest of the paper here, by getting sub
 scribers, than Miss Miles and Miss Caroline
 Brooks, who is also a colored lady, and one
 of the most amiable and boat of persons. To
 these ladies much is due for their untiring
 efforts. Many gentlemen am I indebted to,
 but as these are numerous, and everwyhcrc
 lend a liberal aid, I do not design to name
 them in this connection.
 I intend visiting the Colored Orphans’ Asy
 lum, High School and other schools, Boyd 's
 Cabinet establishment, when, in my next, 1
 shall give you an account of the property or
 real-estate holders, and business, among the
 colored residents in this city.
 There is now here a Rev. Mr. King, for
 merly of Scotland, who fell heir to several
 slaves, men, women and children, and who
 determined on settling them in Canada on land
 of their own, and has arrived thus far on his
 way, in company with them, and has held
 aeveral meetings in the famous Dr. Rice s
 church. Being constantly engaged, I have
 not had time to hear him or to see lus people,
 which 1 design doing if possible.
 The Ohio river is very high just now, and
 commerce brisk.
 Yoont, for God and Humanity,
 til. R. D.
 Preparations for the f’iist of Augnst*
 A large meeting was held on Mouday eve
 ning, the 23d, in this city, to devise ways and
 •weans for an appropriate observance of that
 auspicious ereot which conferred the boon of
 freedom to 800,000 human beings in the
 British West Indies. From the enthusiasm
 manifested, it may b« hoped that the eel&lt;s
 brahoo will exceed any of former years
 All the friends of humanity, will be cordially
 invited to participate.
 Due notice will be given through the col
 o»na of the North Starassooda* arrange
 ments are eoaenm axled.
 M. R. DcLanr.— We peraeive, from the
 CiMuuii paper*. ,b« M B Utr
 tame are exerting much discussion u, that
 euy- We have net roomjthis week for an ex
 tended notice, but wtU probably in a future
 onmhnt maU a few selection,.
 TO CORHBBfONDENIS.”
 N. J., New Bed***.—Received.
 H. 8.,
 fruitfully scknoelmigt'd.
 erhuis h»l ore rqj*-
 T., flewßrighton —The direction* tilt*
 4w *med. Oehr awaiting return of M. K. D.
 M. 0., Philsdalpfcia. Ownl Siniif flint.
 CWriepumleeu will »ii he suewded iu town- Bv
 lament.
"
