"The New York Frna*elist nnd Garri
 lOiiMiMU
 To distinguish between thing* that differ w
 hr no means an easy task for tome mind*.
 From the time when Demetrius, who made
 mlver shrine* for the goddess Diana,sad raised
 the cry in Kphesua, Great is Diana of the
 Ki*hemans!” down to tha present day, iwtar
 ested parties hare always hem the first and
 the roost bitter enemies of all new opinions.
 The mantle of the silversmith has descended
 through generation after generation of infam
 ous priests and persecuting bigots—of Popish
 inquisitions, Star Chambers, and burning* at
 Smithfidd—of cruel and tyrannical bishop
 Ijauds, and Bonnets, and Judge Jeffiries; sod
 it now hangs, with what grace it may,
 in its present Uttered and worn-out cuoditioo,
 on the shoulders of such enemies of progress
 and reform, as the Reverend Doctor Cox and
 the New York Evangelist. All these have
 imagined, or would have the world believe
 that they imagined, that truth was with them
 alone, and that all the rest of mankind were
 sunk in the deepest »'rror —travelling to des
 truction headlong. Humility unparalleled!
 Poor simple-minded men, how grievously
 they have been mistaken! Their creed,
 such as it baa been—such as it is, was not—
 is not one hair’s-breadth nearer the truth, in
 consequence of their belief in it. Bishops
 Laud and Bonner, and colleagues, of the past
 and the present day, have not been able, with
 all their efforts, open and insidious, to stay
 the spread of heresy. It has been an oft
 repeated, but up to this time, badly under
 stood doctrine, that it is utteily impossible to
 prevent the ultimate overthrow of error, and
 the ultimate triumph of truth. So that all
 the supporters of error may still say, in the
 spirit, and soma of them with the motive of
 the licforcmeniioned Demetrius, the temple
 of the great goddess Diana, is in danger.”,
 Great is Diana of the Ephesians!” The
 craft, probably, being uppermost in their
 minds, while making the assertion.
 The Editor of the New York Evangelist
 of last week, in the fulness of his candor and
 generosity, takes advantage of the publication
 of the Massachusetts Anti-Slavery Society’s
 Report, to have a fling at what he is pleased
 to cal! Garrisonianism.” lie says, after
 quoting some garbled .statements of receipts
 and expenditure—
 These items show how rapidly that party
 is waning and also show where the respon
 sibility is of keeping up ihe whole system of
 disorganizing agitations, of which it is the;
 centre. It rests uj*on those who support the
 great annual fair at Fancuil Hall. Take that
 away, and it must die for want of food.”
 The New York Evangelist, notwithstand
 ing this ebullition of hate against “disorgan
 izing agitations,” knows, as every one else
 knows, that the Anti-Slavery cause was
 never more hopeful, or exhibited more vigor
 ous signs of vitality, than at the present
 time. He may, if he please, lay the flat
 tering unction to his toul,” that some such
 cause as that of which he speaks, will stay
 the efforts of disorganizing agitators,” and
 thus save hypocritical professions of zeal for
 the cause of religion and humanity, from
 merited ex [insure and reproof; in that, how
 ever, lie is most eggrcgiously mistaken. Their
 task is an arduous one, requiring no ordinary
 degree of courage and resolution; hut they
 will persevere to the end, undaunted by diffi
 culty, undismayed by danger, oklopiy, or
 opjMisition.
 The New York Evangelist says further—
 1 do not pretend to divine all the motives
 by which the wealthy and conservative citi
 zens of Boston are induced to extend so
 liberal a patronage to these fair*. Perhaps
 many do it through inadvertence—they feel a
 little interest in the Anti-Slavery cause, they
 wish to do a little for it, and to do that little
 without having their names published and
 so they go to the fair, as if that was helping
 the slave. Many, doubtless, uphold the fair
 tor political reasons, because the party ex
 pend their chief bitterness against those who
 wish to cairy their Anti-Slavery principles
 thoroughly into politics. And I believe that
 others feel an interest in the fair, as a means
 of weakening the influence of religious insti
 tutions among us.”
 Do not pretend to divine the motiv’s.”
 You had much better not; it w ill be a mere
 waste of time for you to make the attempt.
 Pray, can you ever divine the motives which
 lead any one to the performance of a praise
 worthy act Why, then, do you go on to d&lt;i
 exactly what you say you will not do! You
 make here three attempts to divine the
 motives which lead the citizens of Boston t(
 extend so liberal a patronage to these fairs.’
 But your divination is of the meanest am
 most unsatisfactory order. Your object ap
 parently being to get as far from the truth at
 possible, each attempt is of coutse more ab
 surd and ludicrous —more indecently falsi
 and irrational, than the preceding. Througl
 inadvertence, not wishing to have their namci
 published.” One supposition is as good ai
 another, where all supposition is invalidates
 by fact. That oue should go to a fair througl
 '‘inadvertence” is sufficiently strange ant
 unaccountable hut how, or on what principli
 of why and because, he should go there, if
 order that his name should not be publish
 ed,” is a problem at the solution of whicli
 even F.uclid would stand aghast. This is t
 new discovery in the science of optics—Thai
 which is most visible is least seen. Al
 honor to the discoverer When oue wisha
 to avoid observation, he must go where then
 are many of his friends and acquaintances
 Probably this Editor, when he is desirous o
 moments of quiet and seclusion, hides himsel
 in the centre of Broadway. They don’t wan
 to have thetr names published, and so the]
 go to the fair Names are generally un
 di-rstood to be only the representatives o
 things. People don’t set a very high valu
 on the shadow, when they can get the sub
 stance. When they have the mao himself
 they duii't concern themselves much about hi
 nairn*. The common sense mode of judgin;
 about these citizens of Boston would be
 either that they went there without any ul
 tenor motive, or because they approve of tb
 object; and “so they go to the fair.” Bo
 there are many who go to the fair for pojiti
 cal reasons.” What these political reason
 are, and buW they operate, it is difficult t&lt;
 divine. Better a bad reason than none—or
 according to the Irish rendering of the pro
 verb, Better bad luck, than no luck at all.'
 Tt»c editor must certainly have had this idot
 in lus head, when he found Uus motive fu
 going to the fair. 44 Because,” says he
 the party expend their chief bitlcrnesi
 against tli&lt;«** who wish to carry their Anti
 Misery principles thoroughly into practice.'
San Weller could set through a brick wall
 ant a deal door, and the wiadinga of the
 staircase, with the help of a douWe-magmfy
 lof aucieecope, j»e aboot as well as another.
 Bo can the editor of the New York Evan
 gelist. Fax fowls hare fair fcathera and
 far-fetched reasons are of count fair on a like
 account. Words would he wasted oa aweh
 There is still another attempt of this writer
 who does not pretend to diriae motives,”
 to daseorer why the rsapectsbls cttraees of
 Bootso go to the fair;*’ and he had naeh
 better bare come to this at none, aa in it all
 the fist of his argument and aO the malice of
 his spleen are cooerotratod: it is—“ the fhir
 a meaoa of weakening the influence of reli
 gious institutions among us.” In the lan
 guage of the Ephesian Demetrius, religious
 institutions meant, the great goddess Diana
 and her silver shrines; in tbs language of
 persecuting popes, cardinals and bishops, it
 has king been understood to mean, bigotry,
 superstition, intolerance, priestcraft, and the
 wealth, and power, and influence which their
 position as popes, and cardinals, and bishops,
 conferred upon them. In the language of the
 New York Evangelist, mar not religious
 institutions'’ be understood to mean some
 thing analogous to these There is standing
 in society at stake; there is orthodoxy at
 stake; and the hypocritical professions of
 superior sanctity and seal for religion, are in
 danger of being made manifest; for Gar
 rison and his colleagues,” under the influence
 of “considerations of truth, justice, and
 decency,” will not suffer your hollow mock
 cry—your pretended sympathy with suffering
 humanity, to stalk on uiiblushiugly and with
 out exposure.
 Verily, this entire effusion is a pitiful con
 glomeration, both melancholy and ridiculous.
 It reminds one altogether too forcibly of
 FalstafTs estimate of hi* ragged regiment—
 Food for powder—food for powder! They
 will stop a shot as well as the best.”— j. d.
 The Bright Side.
 It is cheering to the traveller, as he trudges
 along the road, to be reminded by consecutive
 landmarks, that he is gradually making pto
 gress in the right direction, although the end
 of his journey may still be far distant. It is
 cheering to the sailor, as he navigates the vast
 and trackless ocean, to fiud that his longitude
 daily increases, and that he may reasonably
 expect in due season to reach the desired
 haven. It is clieering to the man who has an
 object in view, and is laboring to accomplish
 that object, to learn, from incontrovertible
 signs, that his labors are not in vain; and
 even a very small gleam of light and encou
 ragement will sene to illumine his path, and
 send him on his way rejoicing. The friends
 of humanity and of the slave, must rejoice in
 every indication, however faint, that seems to
 l&gt;oint m the direction of freedom and justice.
 Tne following is one of these indications,
 taken from the New York Evening Post. It
 is an extract from a letter of a Southern cor
 respondent. Would that the signs of pro
 gress, of which the writer makes mention,
 were more decided and unequivocal! But
 we must be thankful for such favors as we
 can get from that quarter.
 Within the last three years—within the
 last year, indeed—a most remarkable change
 has spread over, or rather under, the South,
 on the subject of slavery. I know several
 men high in office in slave States, who openly
 condemn the system of slavery—some such
 are members of legislatures, others hold high
 ap|H»intinents of a judicial character. The
 tremendous moral force of progress elsewhere,
 has, among other tilings, led to this. The
 Washington Era and the Louisville Examiner
 have numerous readers in these States. Why,
 tlie in.*rc fact that Southerners suliscribe for
 such prints, call for them at the post office,
 and have them lying open on their tables, is
 a long stride over the prejudices of a few
 seasons since. Nor is the tune distant, when
 a powerful force in the Southern local press,
 will turn the logic and speculation at its com
 mand, to discussions of the best means for
 removing the evil of slavery, the time being
 past to discuss the point whether it be an evil,
 and one which every consideiatkm of profit,
 I as well as right, impels the American people
 to prevent spreading any more. There are
 several papers at the South, which are even
 i now on the eve of taking this stand, papers
 i which see nothing to dread in that terrible
 1 Wilmot Proviso. That capital will be sought
 for, out of abusing such a course by base and
 pandering politicians, is very likely at first.
 But though the first plunge of a cold bath
 makes one wince, the effect is none the less
 salutary; and thus it will be with those of
 the Southern editors, who form what you will
 see—the vanguard of Anti-Slavery in the
 South itself.
 Among the difficulties you radicals at the
 North may have to annoy you, let the least
 of your thoughts be giveu to any obstacles
 from the pt opk of the South for such ob
 stacles you will never see. Thousands ol
 hearts imbued with freedom and patriotism,
 watch you from the slave States, with earnest
 prayers for your success in putting a bar tc
 the territories w here human bondage is esta
 blished by law. Thousands will hail youi
 j triumph as the triumph of the real interests
 jof the future generations of the South. Foi
 years the sons of Virginia, the Carolinas,
 and other slave States, have seen themselves
 outstripped in wealth, power, and enterprise,
 j by the north and now see the same supe*
 riority increasing at the west. They know
 the reason. They will soon begin to think ol
 applying the remedy.”
 It is exceedingly difficult to plioe muck
 confidence in these prediction*. Still thej
 point to the fact, which will not now be die
 puted, that the freemen of the South art
 beginning to discover that Slavery has beer
 working against their interests; and tha
 they can never compete with the North ir
 r wealth, power, or enterprise,” until the lax
 vestige of the blighting curse is rooted ou
 for ever.—J. d.
 j
 i Nam aulc Wjrx.—A blacksmith, name*!
 Osborn, offered himself as bail at the N- Y
 Court of Setoßoon, for a prisoner whose trial
 ’was put off to (be next term. “Are yot
 surely worth $5OO above all your debts?” in
 quired the Recorder. Why, sir, I bold mi
 wife be worth $4OO at least, without count-
 J property.” The court is satisfied; take
 his hail,” replied the Recorder.

 t ID* There arc two things wlieht ought
 to teach US to think but meanly of humaa
 glory—the very best bare had their calmanl
 a tors, and the very wont their panegyrists.
 Havti,—The New Orleans papers haw
 t just issued wbat purports to be late news frum
 l’ort-au-Ptince, Revolution and bloodshed
 appears to he the older of the day; hat so
 much exaggeration generally characterises
 Hay turn news, vis. New Orleans, that we
 must watt for definite intelligence.
Ttf.
 Some men then an who are ever despond
 ing and fearful. They an always ananpat
 tag failure sad to make finhnre certain, they
 never tot to sweeesd. A eaamdetmhle per*
 tioa of this itirfarMaataiu to effort nan be
 •ttrifcwled la indoleaee; they fear work.
 Better by fer at kto few any the merest
 spectre of the imagination, lima this. No
 man who is afraid of work ever achieved
 anything good, or great, or osefrd. No
 thing that is worth doing can be accom
 plished without labor. There is ao royal
 lead to anything else, aay man thaa to learn
 ing. Jupiter betpe the cart sat of the nit,
 wbea the driver puts has shoulder is the
 wheel. Alexander would sot have conquered
 the OM Wotld, eor Columbus discovered the
 New, nor America freed herself from Eng*
 lish tyranny, nor—to descend to much meaner
 men and doings —would President Polk, with
 the help of Gen. Taylor and others, hare
 conquered Mexico, if he had not tbieo.
 I sat at the base of a lofty mosntain,
 wondering if it were possible ever to reach
 the summit. Gloomy, overhanging preci
 pices ate to be seen all along its sides. Here,
 it appears rough, ragged, insurmountable;
 there, yawning gulfs seem ready to receive
 and swallow up the adventurous traveller.
 Shall I try to aacend, or shall I remain at the
 foot? First, let roe answer this question—ls
 any gain to be secured by venturing up
 the rugged sides of that lofty mountain
 Will the wide extended prospect, and the
 beautiful scenery, and the excitement of the
 enterprise, afford a sufficient compensa
 tion for my labor? I answer, Yes. Then
 arise and walk.—Trt! —lf it is worth
 doing, try whether it can be done. No
 thing fa exactly what at a distance it seems
 to be. On a nearer approach, the precipices
 become surmountable, and the yawming gulls
 lose their terrors; and the distance from the
 summit lessens—lessens —lessens at every
 step! Courage, faint heart! Let Never
 despair” be your motto, and a strong will
 your helper, and great indeed must be the diffi
 culties and vast the obstacles that yon will
 not surmount.
 More frequently among colored young men
 is this deficiency of energy to be found.
 They have been so long accustomed to hear
 themselves called inferior to the whites, that
 they have almost learned to believe there is
 truth in the assertion. There may be a kind
 of inferiority—-it is nothing- to the purpose
 whether there is or not; but none even of the
 most talented, whether black, or white, or
 red, or any other shade of color whatever,
 can afford to waste his lime in idle indiffer
 ence or in hopeless listlessness. He cannot
 do any good either to himself or to any one
 else thus; but he may be able to accomplish
 much—everything, if he will but put forth
 his energies, and call into requisition the
 little word Try. Try helped Homer to
 write his Iliad—Shakespeare to write his
 plays—Milton to write his Paradise Lost.
 Try is the highway to knowledge—to res
 -1 pectability—to influence. Try is the first
 step up the side of Mount Parnassus the
 first conquest over science—art—literature.
 1 It was Thy that first guided Raphaels pen
 cil—that first directed Chantrey's chisel—
 that first wielded i3acon*s pen. Let not one
 failure discourage.— Try again. Let not
 many failures discourage. Try again.
 Never cease to try, till you cease to live
 and if you do not accomplish all that you
 desire, you will at least accomplish much
 more than if yon had never tried at all. Do
 you wish to be learned—to be intelligent—
 to be useful—to be respected You may be
 all.these, if you will but TRY\ —j. d.
(Communications.
Denmark, 30th of 4tti month,lB4B.
 Friend W. C. Nell :—The Star answers
 ray expectations. I feel a deep interest in the
 anti-slavery enterprise, and I shall cheerfully
 aid in sustaining the paper as long as it con
 tinues to breathe the spirit of liberty and
 truth. I have long wished to see our colored
 friends laboring in the great field of truth and
 reform. I hope the North Star will live until
 the bonds of slavery are all broken and all our
 colored people will feel it to be a truth.
 I rejoice to see great nations coming for
 ward with their declarations of freedom to the
 slave! The wide spread influence of abolition
 principles among all nations, is ominous of
 good to the poor in bonds. We have nothing
 at present to discourage us, as a mysterious
 providence is at work for the oppressed in all
 lands. 1 would say, to all of the down-trod
 den look up and lift your heads, for your
 redemption draweth near."
 The religious world (so far as the United
 States are concerned,) are behind the legisla
 tive bodies among the- nations, in acting the
 part of the good Samaritan. The profound
 silence hi all professed gospel churches, on
 the great reforms of the day, and in a special
 manner the abolition reform, shows how deep
 the sin of slavery has been stamped in the sc
 called church.
 1 would say to the poor, depressed,crushed,
 down-trodden slave, As God looked down on
 the oppression of his people in ancient Egypt,
 so he looks on the slavery of this nation and
 their cries have come np before him, and the
 wheels are now in motion that will bring tc
 them the long expected jubilee. Oh then,
 ye friends of the slave, work on We art
 eagaged in a glorious work far more glo
 rious than those that fight in fields of gore tc
 obtain the laurels of war.
 There is still a groat labor to be accom
 plished by the friends of the oppressed. It
 cannot be accomplished by political action,
 under a proofs very constitution. We mart
 afl unite in the work of persoasioo, and touch
 i the undemanding, the sympathy, the feck
 mgs, the interest, the honor, the character,
 sad the reputation of the free!
 Who hold the ouSioas is bonds? At pres
 ent, it is the free men, in the free States, that
 keep the fetters on the slave Let the free
 Northern States take qff their hands from the
 slave, and our labor is half done
 Yours, Ac.,
 DAVID WAITE.
 Ashland, Q„ May 0,1848.
 Ha, DofoLasa—Dear Sir:—l ait down to
 writ* yon a few hoes behalf of my colored
 friends that worn told s few day ago from
 Washington and Georgetown. It mokes my
 very Mood boil m my vefee; bat 1 hope the j
 Lord is with them, far they fa*v« fern}
swindled oat of tlfetr rights, sad robbed of,
 area the protect** at Bit few, which mea of
 that place call justice.
 I have jaat reeetved a better fro* George*
 whom I had beea rabad wer/aehf. It made
 my vary heart adw. Two of dm young
 roea bad paid partly for themselves. One of
 them was Thomas Taylor, of Georgetown,
 owned by fawycr%ariMiry, who is writing in
 the War Deportment at this time. The other
 one is owned by Mr. Curtis, of that place,
 who abn is ia public office. The vest of the
 ■mm I did wot receive, bat will get next
 week. Yours, Ac.,
 J. R. BRADLEY.
 N. B.—l aee that Debay as doing won
 derfully well ia the aouth part of this State;
 and l hope that every colored man fa this
 Stale will improve his ulenta, as I am trying
 to do myaelf, so that they may be able to ad
 vance the cause of the millions ia the Sooth.
 J. R. B.
To Rev. Ileary Hiker, Chaplain U. S.
 Senate,
 Communicated far the TiiUmr.
 Dear Sir :—ln ray letter to the editor of
 the Albany Journal, describing the scene at
 the Railroad Depot, I mentioned the fact that
 yon, being present, greeted the Baltimore
 slavedealet by extending to him the hand of
 friendship while he was actually employed in
 one of the most revolting crimes that ever*
 disgraced humanity. lam unaware that that
 statement, or any other part of the letter
 contained any slur upon the Church with,
 which you are connected, unless a discredit
 may be reflect od upon it by the circumstance
 that it contains within its bosom those who
 uphold, by influence of position, the abomina
 tion of slavery. It temains to be seen, sir,
 whether the course you pursued at the cars,
 could, by fair inference, be supposed to en
 courage slavery and slavedealers.
 In your address to me through the columns
 of the Union, you say distinctly, 1 shook
 hands with Mr. 5.,” and that you would do
 so with any one. The accuracy of my de
 scription of other parts of the-drama you do
 not in the least deny; you do not say that the
 tears were not falling from the eyes of separ
 ated husbands and wives,parents and children;
 you do not deny that the scene was revolting
 to a feeling heart.
 Yet, in the midst of this revolting specta
 cle, you strike hands with the prime ac.or
 You are so little aifecled by the brutal busi
 ness, that you can calmly Tecognize and shake
 bands with the dealer. Now, -sir, 1 ask you,
 if from these circumstances, which you do not
 deny, and those which you distinctly admit,
 an honest inference might not be drawn, that
 you justify slavery Let us see.
 Upon this point, you say you went into the
 care to see Henry, a member of your church.
 It is true, that while one of Henry’s hands
 was heavily ironed to that pf a fellow victim,
 you shook the other, and passed the ordiuary
 salutation with him. When he was about
 starting to a land of torture and early death—
 to that Hades of tills nation—you had not a
 word of consolation, no word of hope for this
 tender lamb of your flock. But you did enter
 into conversation with his tormentor. With
 hun you talked freely, and smiled in the pies
 j ence of those victims, amid a scene that should
 have pierced with pain and horror the hardest
 'heart. What must have been Heury’s emo
 j tions when he saw that hand, from which he
 had received the emblems of Christ's body
 I and blood, now extended to greet the wretch
 ’who was* consigning him to a premalure
 grave By this act, expressing, not censure,
 but encouragement, did you not justify the
 trade in human beings Did yo i not assume
 i the moral resi&gt;onsibility of the slave-dealer
 Can you give countenance to one engaged in
 a crime, w ithout partaking of liis criminality?
 Would you grasp the red right haud of the
 assassin W ouid you reach forth your hand
 in amity to one that holds the torch of incen
 diarism Would the community-—would
 1 your own conscience—hold you guiltless of
 I the blow that pierced the victim, or of the act
 j that fired the dwelling You cannot give aid
 and countenance to a man engaged in crime,
 1 without assuming Ins moral responsibility
 j Yes, while a person is engaged in what
 i your chuich esteems to be a crime—while he
 is doing an act which you should utterly and
 unequivocally condemn, you meet him, shake
 hands with him, converse in a smiling man
 ner, utter no reproof or warning, and (1 ask
 you if the inference is not fairly drawn) justi
 ,fy his deed of baseness and crime, if this
 -inference, expressed plainly as first, with the
 j circumstances that gave birth to it. as correct
 ly as I could then ascertain them, seems to
 you to be an unkind slur upon your church
 1 beg to assure you that you wrongly inter
 pret my meauing. The reference has refer
 ence solely to yourself, and loses its weight
 when extended to others. If you believe that
 the reputation of your church will sutler
 when it is known* that one of its ministers
 encourages traffic in the bodies and souls of
 men, you will also see th3t the responsibility
 rests with you and not with me.
 I have thus far through life entertained a
 high opinion of the doctrines of the Methodist
 Church, as well as the general character of
 its members. 1 did not mention the facts al
 luded to for the purpose of casting odium up
 on that body of Christians. Neither Christ
 nor bis real followers were disgraced by the
 conduct of Judas. Nor did Christ teach us
 to cover up the sins of hypocrisy. On the
 contrary, he himself was the first to proclaim
 the wickedness of his unworthy follower.
 In my letter I desired to inform my readers
 that professing Christians not only bold slaves
 but sell them and that a professed Christian
 minister gave the hand of friendship to a
 slavedeafer engaged m the actual perpetration
 of outrages at which humanity shudders. But
 I have since made full inquiry as to Slater's
 relation to the Methodist Church. I find that
 his connections generally are of that faith
 i that he himself contributes to the support of
 that denomination from the treasure acquired
 in the traffic of human flesh that he owns a
 permanent pew ia a Methodist Church ia Bal
 timore, and that his wife and daughter are
 members, but that he is not actually a cotn
 i muiucant. With these facts, I presume, you
 i must have been familiar; and when you took
 I him by the hand, and east your eye over the
 i victims around him, you must bare been con
 scious that a portion of the treasure for which
 the bones and muscle, the blood and sinews ol
 those moth*** and babes that were to be sold,
 would go to sustain the church and attuistry
 to which you belong
 i You intimate that such prostitutions of the
 office of preacher and of the character of our
 bolv religion are none of my baseness. The
 remark give* the character of its author. F«
 1 months have 1 beea accnstmaed reverently tc
 listen to the voice of your supplication to i
 i mire and holy God in behalf of our country.
 That voice I subsequently heard addressing i
 1 slavedealer in tones of friendship, without a
 -1 urnrd of re pi oof, while be was m the actual
 J perpetration of crows af the blackest dye.—
 XhoM hands which I have ao often see*
 raised to heaves ia prayer, were given u
 *j friendly sithf—r*" to a notorious slavedealer
 1 Was this none of my hnsinem Do y«u he
 f lieve 1 could seam bear you provoke the
 i wrath of heaven oy craving its blessings?
 Would that I were able to impress yon wit)
 thane fcebugs of sew*ihilwy exhibited Ire Um
 I gum Founder of our religion. But 1 foe
 humbled whew 1 reflect upon the lone and sen
 j of your nwnmuniemiioo. Ia that mm
 extraordinary fatter there as boa one word u
 1 reproof for slavedealers or slaveholders. Na
 have I ever heard you ta your preaching al
 I lode to this horrid traffic carried un in this city
 Such was not the preaching of the mmeew
 fate Nasarane. He expoeod the iniquities a
 r the people—laid open their sins to the ahem
 ration «*f ssaakiad, aad proclaimed to the* tin
Tea mj tob fcava never known a Method,
 ■t engaged m the a!tte trade. Sir, krreyua
 •et known yonr even chock ananhon id)
 tlseir staves Da they oat hay slaves! Dm,
 either the wßteg or buyhft ef slaves ndede
 them flora year oenauum! No, nr; 1
 mat he arsaafly informed if yaw do ate ad
 minuter the Holy Sami meet to owe who
 barter the image ef God lor paltry gain; and
 that, too, without eren reproof from joe or
 peer church! Now, the principle ie the name
 whether a mao sell one slave or a tkmeaad
 if slavery right, so in ihmleihf. If
 it in right for a rasa to fob hie btoiher of
 Ida liberty, to disrobe him of hie humanity,
 and reduce him to a men brute, it earnout be
 wrong to sell him.
 Your effort to east odram npon Henry fir
 aa attempt to regain the righto with which
 God hod endowed him. and of which he hod
 been robbed, exhibits on msenriMity to human
 right* which, far n Christian minister, is too
 appalling to contemplate. Was it wrung for
 God to bestow npon him that inherent lore of
 liberty with the right to enjoy it Was u
 wrong hi this unfortunate youth to seek to
 regain the liberty which God and nature de
 signed for him, and of whieo ho was deprived*
 ■There con be but one answer given to such
 questions.
 I am su prised at your efforts to free your
 self from the charge of justifying slavery,
 while I am aware that to comraou conversa
 tion vou have no hesitancy to express yonr
 approbation of the institution, and your hos
 tility to the attempts made for its abolition.

 Your remarks in regard to Presbyterian
 ministers, I have folly considered. The min
 ister to whom I alluded was of another de
 nomination, as 1 am informed cn reliable au
 thority. lam ready to give at any time that
 1 may deem it proper, the name of the de
 nomination and of the person. My intention
 in this i ote was to refer to matters personal
 to yourself, and those parts of your communi
 cation'relevant to the matter at issue. Here,
 for the present, at least, I leave the whole
 subject, which I have reviewed with reluc
 tance. But, sir, let me assure you that w hen
 man shall understand his duties to his fellow
 man, when the principles of the gospel shall
 be acknowled, then your letter will be regard
 ed as showing the callousness of a minister in
 tills slaveholding age!
 I am. &amp;c.,
 JOHN I. SLINGERLAND.
 Washington, May 10, 1818.
Scenes at Washington.
 While witnessing the demonstration of the
 miscreants at the Era Office last night, I ven
 tured to express an opinion to a gentlemen
 present, in opposition to the pervading feeling
 of the mob, and upon passing across the
 street, was stopped by one of the gang, who
 wished to know whether 1 was an abolition
 ist. 1 AM,” said 1, and what are you
 going to do about it?” (Beginning to pull
 off his coat.) You are, are you?” said hj.
 Yes! and if you wish to save your skull,
 you’d better move out of my way.” 1 raised
 a good hickory cane that 1 held in my
 hand, but was immediately pulled aside by a
 gentleman who accompanied me, and who
 boards in our mesa. He begged of me to
 leave, as some few of the mob had marked
 me. I politely informed him that I should go
 where 1 thought fit, and if they wished to
 make an issue with me, I was prepared for
 them. I did remain till near one o’clock,with
 my blood fully up to the boiling point while
 there, and in fact dming the entire night. Oh,
 that they could have had a Napoleon there
 to teach them a lesson with grape and cannis
 ter! His lessons were summary and effectual
 to a mob.
 The anti-slavery Members of Congress are
 threatened, and even now, while I write, a'
 gang of the ruffians are concocting their
 hellish schemes at one of the pubhc hotels of
 the city to mob them. Citizens are afraid to
 move; the police are overawe*!; clerks in the
 different departments of the General Govern
 ment are ringleaders in the mob, with law
 yers, doctors, and city councilmen. And yet
 they are all a miserable set of cowards. Il
 you will only meet them vith firmness, they
 cower before you like whipped cure. Six
 resolute men guarded the Era office last night
 and kept the whole gang of five hundred at
 bay, and I believe that fifty good men, such
 as I could pick out in old Cuyahoga, could
 drive the entire barbarous slavery horde into
 the Potomac at the point of the bavonet.
 In haste, E. L. S.
 Front the Boston Courier.
 Visit to the Prison.— In this
 gathering place of the knowing men ami great
 rogues of the land, there was one person
 whom I was most desirous of seeing and
 rendering honor to, and whom I first sought.
 And where do you think 1 sought him In
 the White-house—in the Senate —in the
 Speaker’s chair No But in the prison—
 locked up alone in a gloomy dungeon, that
 had no window, or chair, or bed—that offered
 him only its stone wall to lean against when
 weary, and its stone floor to lie down when he
 sought sleep.
 It was only with much trouble and difficulty,
 and with the aid of men who are held in fear
 by the “powers that be,” that I was allowed
 to visit him.
 You know of course whom I mean—Dray
 ton, the chief actor in the late noble and
 daring attempt to free four-score human
 beings from slavery and degradation. He
 seenw made for a soldier in such a cause;
 bold, stem, determined, ready to do battle
 unto death in tbe cause of right. He is in
 the fullness of manhood—a tall, stalwart fel
 low, whose strongly-marked features and stea
 dy eye denote character and courage, and
 whose open and ingenuous countenance in
 spire confidence ana respect. He will have
 need, I fear, of all his vigor of body, and
 all his strength of mind, to bear np
 against tbe cruel treatment which baa
 already begun, and which may last until
 bin frame, now so vigorous and erect, is
 bowed down with age, and bis eye, now so
 dear and stem, is dimmed with the shadows
 of death.
 He is aware of hi* position aad h»danger,
 indeed, be was well aware of the rak he ran,
 I and counted the cost before be set out upon
 his enterprise, and provided for his family in
 case of hts capture. He is bow in tbe iron
 I gnp of the law, made by slaveholders them
 selves to protect what they call their property
 in the bodies and souls of human beings, and
 as sharp and strong as tbe wit of wicked
 I men could make il. The law, too, is adminis
 tered with a cruelty that is revolting. Tbe
 man has been kept, till oow.mi sreref, as u is
 icalled by the few European governments
 which preserve this rdie of inquisitorial treat
 ment. He in oonriderod gothy—be is nr
 tusUy refused bail—be in cut off from ewn-
 I tnuuion with his friend*—be m pot to the
 i torture of solitude and suspense—he is treat
 ed, in short, worse than would be a felon or
 murderer And all this cruelty—where, and
 far what? Why, in the capital, and under
 tbe flag of that people whose shibboleth is
 liberty,” whose creed is tbe right of every
 man to tbe pursuit uf happiness, and far tbe
 crime of folping men to pronounce that slab
 bolrnh, and lire by Out creed!
 The exriteme* among the slaveholder* w
 still intense —their wrath is still hot, and
 they mean to make Drayton drag out s life
 of misery, sad be s firing beacon to detm
 other* from attempting to knock tdT th*
 tfecJOes of their slaves. The punishment foi
 a slave wish a view of selling turn
 i* imprisonment from to HO years, at ban
 far taking him with a view of a *!m*
 fom at liberty, it is payment of his mart*
 vmtm, s fine of s*», and impnaunment it
 the jafl.
 With a redaearcot of enmity, tirey mean u
 convict Drayton of dto crime of stoafinf
 staves far bis own gats; and leal be Hugh
 r five s*o years, aad then go not a fiey-bodo*
 ana from bis prison, they mean to bring si
 I indictment fo{ gsefc slave whom by tried h
 entry off
Fai ling in tbe attempt to ewnirt him of the
 first offence, they mean to eoaviet him of tbe
 meuod, aad in ooe way or tbe otbsr, to glut
 toil vengeance apes him.
 Adivesunr AatMtiuvery Worn nfWert
 New York.
 radar a deep and ahafing irapreammiof the
 doty we owe to God and our fellow beings,
 toe Anti-Slavery wwuou ef Rotfirraer feel
 eooMraraed to omtiawa to petwvesu is thrw
 efforts for the oppyasul and auflmnc bond
 men who sti.l remain tiling unrequited in the
 Southern prison booset. We are frequently
 brought painfully to remember that nut only
 is their labor wrested than them asromonera
 tod not only da they suffer fion istesse hun
 ger and culd; not only are tbe females, urn
 sistus, subjected to the cruel and pamioaatc
 outrages of their tyrannical master* and over
 seer* but there arc daily instances of sun
 toting the dearest tics in nature, thus sepa
 rating them forever. And can we expect any
 thing better—eon we look fur hcnevoSenee a
 fine feelings from a system so foul and fiend
 i*h as slavery Il would be unreasonable
 because a corrupt tree cannot bring fort]
 good fruit.” Therefore, knowing that with
 out associative action we cannot render rffi
 cient aid to this holy cause, we affectionate!}
 invite th* co-operation of the citiseos of Roch
 ester and the public generally. We ask then
 1 tu boar in mind the injunctions of Jesus, “A!
 thing* whatsoever ye would men should do u
 you, do ye even so to them.” Remember
 also, the beautiful parable in which he calk
 our attention to the sick aad to those who an
 ia prison, and concludes by the forcible asser
 tion, “Inasmuch as ye have done it toone of th«
 least erf these, my brethren, ye have done ii
 unto me.” We feel assured all that havt
 hearts to feel, and are careful to attend to th«
 j monitions of conscience—all who are deter
 mined to live for the good of our race, instoat'
 of devoting all their time to their own per
 sonal case—all who feel bound to improve thf
 precious time allotted to them here, bv pio
 ino ing as much as possible the cause of trutli
 and righteousness in the earth, will com*; for
 wird in the work of laboring to banish fbrevei
 thi tie .non of slavery from our laud; and in
 so doing, instead of an example of corruption
 and wickedness, we should be a light to tl.t
 world.”
 We hope no one will feel too poor, nor ant
 too rich, to enlist in this holy cause. Th&lt;
 Christian's influence, in whatever situation, ii
 always salutary, and will certainly produce iu
 good effects. We ask for the aid of men aiu
 of women; —we call on the old and th*
 young, the farmer, the mechanic, and th*
 merchant. We ask all and every one to giv*
 j us their help to devote what they can spare
 either of money or of tlie fruits of their la
 bor, to tlie work of restoring men and womci
 to themselves, to their manhood, to the rigid:
 and blessings with which they were endowe*
 by our Creator.
 For this object, we propose holding a Fai
 in December next. We ask the females ii
 the adjoining towns and country around us, t*
 get up sewing circles, ami prepare such arti
 j cles as will be most saleable, and to enme, fur
 nish tallies, give us their company, and helj
 us, not only in selling those things thus pre
 pared, but in convincing the public mind o
 the necessity of our perseverance and fidelity
 and thus be helpers in hastening the day o
 emancipation.
 Abigail Bush, Rochester.
 Sarah D. Fish, to.
 Sarah L. Hallowell, do.
 Mart H. Hallowell, do.
 Sarah A. Burtis, do.
 Margaret A. Larson, do.
 Elizabeth Sully, do.
 Phebe Treadwell, do.
 Charlotte S. Wilbur, do.
 Hulda Anthony, do.
 Rhoda De Garmo, do.
 Catharine G. Braithwaite, do.
 Sarah E. Thayer, do.
 Catharine A. F. Stesmns, do.
 Amy Post, do.
 Henrietta Platt, Bath.
 Susan R. Doty,; Farmington.
 Maria Wilbur, do.
 Elizabeth Smith, do.
 Esther Hathaway, do.
 Caroline Halstead, Walworth.
 Julia Parker, do.
 Eliza Cooper, Williamson
 Amy Mott, do.
 Rebecca M. C. Capron, Auburn.
 C. G. Hamblin, Port Byron.
 Margaret Prior, Waterloo.
 MaryJAnn McClintock, do.
 Laura Murray, Victor.
 Mrs. Mackintyre, Darien.
DIED.
 In Cambridge, Bth inst., Mr. Albert J. Lewis,
 aged 33.
 Thus has the destroying angel slrieken town, in
 the prime of lilc, a worthy and industrious man.—
 With a mind well store J with useful knowledge’ Mr.
 Lewis possessed conversational powers rarely equal
 ed, and lie always exerted them to iniitrort and amuse
 those iu hi* company. He was a firm friend of tlie
 slave, and watclied with intense interest the elforts
 of tlie abolitiooistf in his licltalf. Tlie kimliM-ss and
 aflection tint lie show-nl his ageil mother wilf never
 lie forgotten. Altosigh his friends are deeply afflict- I
 ed liy his death, they have every reason to believe j
 that be has gone to join his heavenly Father in that
 world w lie re sorrow never comes. J. L.
 Being well act painted with to deceased from
 early youth, 1 would towler a trilsite to to fiiitliful
 ness with which foe above obituary has been drawn.
 His name was among foe first subscribers to to
 North Star. Slay his war friends derive consola
 tion from the hope ofltis n»w rejoicing in a brighter
 home beyond the skies, for what are our lives—they
 are but vapors, that appear f-r a nwraent and then
 vanish away.
Commercial.
Rochester, May 25,1848.
 Business t am been clfretaeiy dull; no calcs of
 wheat or door.
 About jOOLnsb. bast Genesee wheat were offered
 at $1 20, without buyers.
 10,000 bushels Western wheat has been offered
 for 90 eu per bushel.
 Rochester Wholesale Prices Carrest.
 PLOI'R AMD MEAL—Doty 20 p e *1
 Ffoar, fM 4 50 tf 5«2
 Corn meal, p bosh M
 PROVISION*—Duty; Herf.PurL.Haam, Huco*.
 Bauer ml lsnl, Wf t; Cheese 30f e*l «al
 Pork, (sen) *lO SO
 Do. ia hog i OH S 123
 Beef, rwt. 4 SO M SOO
 Do. DA fans) 700 860
 fo.r«Mtried) p M H
 Do. (leaf,) m
 I law, (M»hal) 7SS 8
 Mhoaddsrs,do i i
 T«rkrv*r»
 Char hews ..0
 Putaluea, bash. M
 GRAIN—Duty; 20 p e ad sal
 Wheat, hash 1 M
 Cans J 8 40
 Rye 00
 Oats ,37
 HIDES—Duty; hpcndvaT
 Ml iiiglii m 4
 Calf 9
 Sheep Petes 7f I
 *KF.I*L-4hrty; Iwelllfc; Mautard 30 p
 eadval
 W 4 75
 I TWstejr 1» m 2
 Fit* I 13
 I FlrtH—Dm, an foreugn canghs; 30 p e ad sal
 1 Whrtrtesh old 730
 I OkSUtrst 42»
 I HCNDRIEH—
 (hiII. P Ud I S|
 I Apph-s, P butte
 Db. drirl T 63
 F.q«, p doe
 Hwn.rlwte 9t m loa
 f Hay. pun. .10 00 011
 I 9&amp;*.
3 dorrlistmcnts.
job nuiTim.
 THF. NORTH NTAR OFFICE,
 •lO *nr JJ&gt; Ttrvr, flic fop 4 firry
 &lt;ir*rriftfi»a of i’nwtiag with iwiwi* and &lt;h •)«*&lt;(A,
 at for livr* pirn fur rash, vis t
 ■u»l4ili&lt;, Blank a, Riß-hewd*,
 foUMnarf, Circulars,
 Fmufitoto. Cants, L«brt»,&amp;c.
IFKW FTTMJCATION*.
 \ffH.L BE READY IN A FEW DAYS.
 WustaS Amit.vkli brief totdtrf
 &gt;*fc kj- JW* IhtkirmA (ionuf.
 AU»(iii|(T'i ,f tor*** m ttw SUr—Uth* V
 04 Siotr*. Tti, tllrrM rr-K«mi l*v for Na
 tMral twmiM at ILitf,k, in the edd«e»
 ""f" wte» dPMft o-fwrs WiM du wrh
 •••it in four «nsrr» rarl\
 Jt ST rtm.rSHFD' a future refilled T«
 t'"' vpf av tVi mrinp or 7 irr Cat oa
 ten Rid by lUnry Cl-MO.W *,&gt;vf
 V Tr "J» V. Order J aurnij,«! ,0.
 Aped ZS, Sfo.
to tkr PntU. frm m A. At. to 8 F. V.
 Thf. antislwfry offite ..tr r.K\d-
 INt; ROOM. No. li. UrfTnt. Stm-i. Tl-
 Itin nratly ftmiito-t, am] ?liv u«LI tSint with
 •Min- Ol the hr*t Anti-Sbvefv, TeaiiiroMKr. ReU-
 V'**’ Putkkml and l.itetaiy Bapm.
hr. For SiiW at to A*ri-St at a?
 Orricr IRmpim, Ro.ua, N u ii IWj
 •t., StH-iHt.! Story wf.pn»itr the ■trntir:
 NlimitHre of KminiA Do»r'^&lt;.
 Juwiilpw atk«r.
 Portrah
 SpotHM-r oir CnronKtimrioicdity of ski*rrr.
 W. Phiirifw ny&gt;Rr a&gt; do.
 I^inti of l.ilaertv.
 SluTrry ilUi-.tr .toil liy it* rffrrf 00\Yoman.
 Alni a rirh Viirietv of Fanry &gt;nd mo-fol artirlra
 maiUt liy to lauliep' Anti-Slavery Sorii-ty.
A tt in tkt /W,
 1 TKIBI TE lOR THE \E£RO.
 Btuf. A VHtUICATIOR OP V»K BORir., IPTtL
 i-t CTUAt. A!»I&gt; uri.it;tors c vr itut.irtr* or
 THE COI.ORF.H PORTION OF MANKIND,
 With parti, ul ir rrftrt n&lt; r to'tthf African racr,
 llhi-.tr!nil by nmnernna autoitti,- facto, Rincr.i;ihual
 Skctrln-j*, Ti-tiiuio'iH'-t of Tian lU tp, Sic.
 The motivcp which Imve artmitnl tin* aullior in
 the nhove-mrotinrwil noik, are polcly a
 lies •re to int.-rept nn.l nilijlitt-n thi- |iuMi&lt;- iniml, «a
 a rwijcct intiiiHitcly conm-ctnl w ith tin- l*a|.| iiH-.-.-. of
 misery of a large portion of tt**- hiiimui fsiniily ami
 by a relation of fin-ts ami testimonies, which wo
 assertions ran annul, to remove a deeyilv-nioail prr
 jmliee, existing in tlie luimle of many u-syrrang the
 African rare.
 It is* an iiufortant qn«hsti&lt;m whirtH-r the V. i.s
 i eonrtitutinnaHy, ami therefore iiremeiiiskly iofeiior
 to tlis white man, in tlie power* of tie- inirn'i. .Mm I,
 of tlie future w elfare of tin- hmnttn rare dept*mls on
 tlie anwwer which experience and facts will fnrni-h
 to this question; for it roiH-erits mil onh tie- va*t
 popnlntion ol" Africa. Imt many millions of tla- Ni-gro
 race, who ate hn-ate.l elscwlmtp. ami tlie whites who
 are liecoming mixed with the Mark race,in rcnntiii s
 where Slavery exists, or where it Ua* exipted till
 within a recent |wrio»l. Many p»-rsom&lt; have vetifei
 ed npoo jien-w»titnry decisions on U.tlr siiles of tla*
 (piestiou Uit tlu* majority appear to I e still iiii-m tu
 tie&lt;l as to rfie re*T eiqialiilities of the Negro rare-
 Tln-ir present netnu! mferioritv in main respect-,
 comparing them as a wlmle with fin* lighti-r riihair
 e.l portion of mankind, is ton evi. lent folic disputed;
 Imt it must In- Unite in mind that t!ie\ are not in a
 lit condition for a fair comparison to U- drawn U--
 tw.i-n the two. 'l'U'ir present ih-gia&lt;led stale n»«v
 lie easily aceomited for hy the eireiimstancrs anml.-t
 whieh Negnms Inive llve.l, Uah in their own eountry
 and ahroad. Ifn single insfanm can he mldn-eil of
 an individual nftlw African r.n-e ealiihiriug a genius
 which would lie considered eminent in eivtli/.ed Kuro
 penn society, we hare a proof that there is mi inrnm
 pntihility U-twccti Negro organiration mwl high in
 teHectnal |Hiiver. Itiq it is not om- alone, hut many
 remaikahle cast'* of this ilescription that are laanght
 forward in tlie present volume, which in hafr.i itp
 irarih of l.”&gt;0 iktt' hr* of Afncunn or th, ir
 rtt.ir mil nutji, U-*i*lcs Fact* and Anecdotes, Testiuio
 nies of Travellers, Missioiuirie*, &amp;e., tlie wlude
 forming a complete “Tri but r. fur tii k N
 and exliihiting an tmdoulMrd ri futatiini of tlie uu
 fonnded calumnies w hich have Ihi-ii liea|&gt;cd mi tlietin
 fnrtnnate rare of Africa,proving tlieni to he cmthiweil
 with every characteristic constituting their identity
 with to great tfimity of Man, ami consequently, en
 titled to certain inalii-uahk- rights,” amongst w hit Ii
 ar&lt;-“ life, liU-rty, and the pursuit of happiness,” any
 infringement on which is a daring usurpation of the
 prerogative and authority of to- Most High.
 The w’ork w ill Is- remlerctl additionallyr iHterestiug
 liy AN AP P ROt* RI AT E IMTROIIU CTOIt V PUF. M,
 written ptnrpovolv for flu- oecasioti, by Mf.rvihii
 BtßTy.v. R will also U-enriched by t!ie addition
 of a Is-autifnf engraving, from a painting pie« nte&gt;l
 to tin- Isimloo Missionary .Society represeirtiirg two
 Natives of South Afriu* giving Kvitom-e liefore a
 Select Coimnittec of the House of Coßunons. The
 Africans are giving eviilence, l»r. I hillip is matted
 in the fiiregrnaml, and James Read, sen. and juii.,
 Missionaries from South Africa, are standing, tin
 latter acting as interpreter. The volume w ill *lau con
 tain (sirtraits of
 the Chief of tmisfad Captives.”
 Jan TVitzok, (luistian Chief of tin; Aiuakostt*
 'l’rilie.SiMitli Africa.
 J. t\ r f*. pKNINGTOft, a highly esteemed Minister
 of tlie (iosjs-l, of pure African extract ion.
 Fitkiifrm k Hour t.Jfl-v,the fngitive slave.
 Olivuau Kgtiusu, wrtitimtvi Vitsi.
 Engraved on steel hy tirst-rate Art ists. Also h FAC
 SIWtI.F. id" llie writing olTolllA#X r L’OCVKR
 tu re, the UWi k Cbtoi of lUyti.
 'llie work will he printed in the U-rt type, on Tumi
 mqier, and nwmt of dboMt slM&gt;|iag&lt; Bto., lieaiitifiil
 ly Isniiel in ekith, with an appropriate di viee, form
 ing an elegant rolnine tbi* draw ing-riMim lalik*.
 All profits arising from iu sale wUI lie ilevolwl to
 to Anti-Slavery niure; Aiuei ican price,t..*uhsei di
 *T* to iMii-soliserilM-rs $4 iu.liriilnuts desirous
 of poMewsing ropir-s willoldige liy sending to ir or
 der* to rt.*i&gt;jt Arvf.mil!, lauls; or to to
 North Star Office.
WHEREAS, Wait Hedges and Fekamor.
 Hit Dors, bis wile, of the ‘icy „f |b*-hi-»for,
 mi tie fourteenth .lay of July, in the yi-ar »n mu
 I»rd one llumsnnd bumlrtd an-1 (st)-fm-,
 Mortgaged to (intuit Swirn,&lt;»l Pefe-rhnm, Madi
 *m fownty, for semring to hint tlw payment of Two
 Hundred anti liftydhre .loiters, and interest, .ill Unit
 tract or |*ireet of land situate in tlie My of Km lie.-
 ter a Cure raid, Comity of Monro*- and «tnle of New
 York: To wit, thirty-dime feet front on Glasgow
 street, ami running bark to tlie n-ar tile Mine w i*llii;
 intewlisj to ctnhraee til* Kart half of alt dial certain
 lot of bill in that |wrt of lot fifty-four (51,) in Town
 ship No. 1, uf tlie Stunt Uungr, known as the Cub—
 &lt;!onia Plat; on which U*e tin.l in-reui uitended, i*
 distinguished as lot O, Ij i»i|» lietwreu lots 104 ami
 105 of said plat; h l*iii&lt;f tlw Hurt half of the same
 i lot, formerly owe 1 by Josiah lluarll, Junior, ami
 emiveyed to Elciui-r I'illolsmi, on the 2hl, day of
 Murrh, 1*27 See Monroe Comity Krcor.i*, l.ihcr
 Eiglrt (8,) of Deed*, at |s*"»* 471.
 Also, aUthwS tnn-t or panel of fond, situate in the
 City &lt;&gt;f Rochester, County of Monroe, and State .if
 New York. To wit, thirty-tli.ee Cart front o« Glas
 gow street, ami running lurk to the rear tlie r.nuu
 width, intending to end* are Uie Wi-*| half, of all that
 certain lot of land in that jiart of iot City-Can (51,)
 iu Twwnslfip No. one,of tlu- Short Range, known as
 t die Cate lonia Plat, on whtrh the Luul lu rem inw-mf
 ed b&gt; lie granted, is distinguished as kit O. lymg Is*,
 tweiii lot 144 ami 145 of said Plat; it bruifl lm&gt;
 M cs* l»a!f &lt;»f the same 1.4, Cannerß owned l rt Jos&gt;.«h
 Bissrll, J n.nor, ml nmfryH to t’b-uimr TiUotw.*.,
 &lt;&gt;u I is; 21 &lt;4 day .d Mtarrh, 1*27. ISee Monro* W
 ty Records, Liber (right (8.) as supposed) of livmJn,
 at pa-4 471.
 And, Whereas, default has been rm k hi (fie pay
 ment *if the moneys smarm! by saul ami
 nhwh ase cksMiwsi tu amount at the lim.-nt tin-test
 politicalu• a .4 this aotiee, to three Uuvlm.i ami two
 dollar* (*342 04.) Now, therefor* sitin' is briefly
 given, that by Virtue of a power of sale contained in
 the Mi l Mortgage, ami ia pmrsnun.% of tl* itoiwu.
 ia such ease, made andprovum.l, the sU»v otem t d«-
 «&lt;l Murttpapat nrewiisMi.witf Iw ud; at puldie saetum
 *«f stwslae st the Gart Itemse, lulfo (in of Rs-he*.
 I ter, ass dm tweMih day of Jhm, is-si, at uw o’.ks-h
 i in ie &gt;4 that day.
 GKRRIT SMmf, M.sV e.
 I NCfl. lIL’.TPINGTDN, Ati'y
 I pETESaoao, March«, |tf« mIO,
POST AND H UJ.LS. Itewhsa m Drap*. Null.
 rum, IlsaucaU, Dye Stu 4«, ksroisb.
 Oils, tiUwaurr, Bnsh-., Peri.rnury,
 fkiai, Freurh and Israus t WiateuL, Artim*
 (kikn, Brushes sad (sent*, Ethuml Od, I*4l
 Leaf and Foil, |p, Itr,
 Brine A feats hr mat of the tiAteidr.l Family
 ami saasdik Patewt IMimn, asl rem iehef the
 susr.li.nth it«aa dm Mssfiswo. or tm-ir A/amis,
 tlSry nr* eauddud to supply ail *s&lt;*-r# at wlmkash
 ml retail, IS dm us—l LusaWi Irrus.
 Item*, up if hie Bunks, IMusm, a»l Family
 Cases. «i«h fall dotmlusm. Odj ajewU for
 mu New I (sk.
 %Ism. r»hrr»oud’s YtlsnsPsy Nsfartir Mar fours.
 With ilurrtrm.
 rtu&gt;»tpwu Gas; also FtimuJ (id ami l.saa, t
 huratuf Us- tsar. Tbs. «fo would ,r
 »aSy as I caim.icwre air invite.) U. «au&lt;oae thmu
 lasys. Thu afiewtss. of 4*i mmry Murluun. Pi*'
 iseaaus, Famahus. amd uthms. a»«fo«M *ter
 d»n« (yar, as ar pofol «t list llTililt*.AKlfA'
 HAIX, 4, Fukinpi .Vpwt
"
