"tJottrg.
For North Star.
 COME, COME AWAV.
 O, CMW| eont a wav, in btiAgs now repining,
 The Northers Star will gwkfc you fee—
 O co«*r, come away.
 Where few in cringing boodwen know*,
 An 4 thou Mtnn from tyrant (m,
 hfcdt fctd twtrt repose
 0 come, come away.
 Though love's gentle tendril* iruwd then am
 twioiag.
 Stay not for this unesclain bliss,
 O comr, eaw away.
 Enoofh of unrequited toil,
 And stiffened gore, on Southern soil,
 TWlt leave fer those who spoil—
 O come, cusr away
 O coast, coate away .hind friends will aid the* fleeing:
 The gosh of ml, laws can’t control,
 O come, corns away
 Thy foot, with steeds and hounds, ’tis tree.
 Thy weary feet may long pursue,
 Yet freedom full ia view—
 O come, come away.
 May He who roles in heaven ami earth, sHwesing,
 Save from alarm, art) every harm—
 O come, come away:
 He helps ad those that ase their might—
 To thy own self hast thou not right l
 Then why delay thy flight 1
 O come, come away.
 O come,come away —how sweet will ho the meeting
 With those who’ve fled from bondage dread—
 O comr, come away!
 O baste thee from thy misery
 God grant thee freedom’* land to see,
 Enjoying liberty.
 O eoinr, come away.
 _____
 LINES
 BT tIHS. AMELIA B. WEt.BT.
 Oil for tltc bright and gladsome hours
 When like a wandering stream,
 My spirit caught from earth and sky
 The light of every beam;
 When, if into my laughing eyes,
 A tear-drop chanced to start,
 Twas banished in a moment l»y
 The sunshine of the lie art.
 When musing on the happy past,
 The first spring lime of life,
 When every tone of wind and wave
 With melody was rife;
 Wlicn all youth’s hopes and promises,
 Those rainbows of iny sky,
 Danced forth in fairy visions
 llefbre my wandering eye.
 My heart is with the leaping rills,
 That murmur round llie home, j
 Where first my lips were taught to speak,
 My tiny feet to roain;
 Tlie sweet songs of tlie happy birds,
 Tlie whispering wild-voiced breeze,
 That caught tlie faint breath of t'ic rose,
 And waved among tlie trees.
 llow many mournful memories
 Steal gently through tlie mind,
 Like spirit voices borne along
 Upon tlie wandering wind;
 And, as thought leads me back again,
 1 almost seem to trace
 In eacli sweet (lower, and shrub, and tree,
 Borne fond, familiar face.
 Tis thought, liecauso I smile on all,
 That I am vain and gay—
 That, by tlie world’s light flattery,
 I might be lured astray;
 They know not that my heart oft breathes
 Its fragrance out in sighs.
 That sail songs tremble on my lips,
 And tears within my eyes.
 My thoughts are aU as pure and sweet,
 As when l was a child,
 And all iny bl ight imaginings
 Are just as free and wild;
 And were it not for one bright link,
 Within affection’s chain,
 f’d wish to wander to tiiat spot,
 And be a child again.
 THE VOICES OF HOME.
 The voices of home will be round us,
 Wher’er through life’s pathway we stray; t
 The tones of its household surround us,
 Though distant and dark lie our way.
 The star that thus brightly, at dawning,
 Is shedding its promising ray,
 Will beam, when our childhood’* young morning
 Hath mingled it* light with tlie day.
 Tlie parent’s loved presence, that gurdeth.
 Will move yet, in spirit, as near—
 And tlie voice tiiat approves us, or chideth,
 Still awaken the smile or the tear;
 The beings, that now fondly bless us.
 Will again tlicir sweet influence shed,
 V hen the forms, that in friendship caress us.
 In form, not in spirit, have fled.
 Each tone that affection has uttered,
 Will return but to gladden our lot,
 And the word tiiat link induce has muttered,
 Will feave on the future its hlot.
 And oft as fond memories brighten,
 Tiiat repeat the sweet tales tiiat are o’er,
 Borne burden of sorrow they’ll lighten.
 While journeying o’er life’s troubled shore.
 Then doom not each joy that wr clierish,
 Too pure, in its coining, to last;
 For oh, not a whisper shall jicrish,
 Once breathed in the ear of the past;
 For the voices of home will he round us,
 Where’er thr.mgh life’s pathway wc stray;
 And the sounds of its household surround os,
 Though distant atui dark be our wav.
 MODUS.
 MINE AND OURS,
 Mine talhc little hand, puny and unak,
 Ours are tlr thousand arms, mountains to break;
 Mi*)* is the atom of day fin- d«n grave,
 Ours is the earth, with hill, valley, ami wav*;
 Mine will evanish, like corpse in die sod.
 Ours will arise to the huavcu of God.
 Mine l* the secret prayer, breathed kn» and lone,
 Ours is the anthem of conquering tour;
 Mine is the little flower, nurtured in ilearih,
 Ours are the blossoming Edens of eaith;
 Mins will evanish Mu* corpse in thr sod,
 Own will arise to the heaven.of God*
 Mine is the brain that but gfeams ilk* a spark.
 Ours are the thoughts like stars lighting the dark;
 Mine is the heart that bents fearfully turfed,
 Q*-« gf* the heart-difoU, that gladden the world;
 Mine will cvanuh Mur corpse in the sod*
 Ova will arise to the heaven&lt;4 (Wi
 Mias is the honnii.ltfr, Isa h its hours,
 Ours are humanity's loves, thoughts, and powers;
 Mine, scarcely mine, i&gt; this frame, doom’d to fell,
 Qurs is our God, common Parent of all!
 Miae.will evanish, like corpse in the sod,
 Otr# will slice to the heaven nf God!
 Good* IP Dasaat.
detections.
EXTRACT
 Ff*rn Hm Sptrrk Mr. tiIBDISCt, «f CHtm, am tht
 RM"i«*rn 4 Mr. PlLratT to tap*? «*.fVr r%
 Co*p&lt;t W hr* thrrrtmtd bf U*-
 I RW
 I wish to addrc** few words to
 gentlemen in regard to the slave trade
 of this District. We all know the fate
 of slaves taken from this country to the
 i slave consuming regions, the Golgotha
 i of this nation.
 *j We are all conscious, that the fifty
 persons taken by Hope H. .Matter, from
 this city, last Friday, are doomed to
 cruelty, toiture, and premature graves.
 They have gone to painful and linger
 ing deaths; and the momentous ques
 tion comes home to each of our con
 sciences, on whom rests the deep
 damnation of their taking off? There
 is hut one answer. All who have
 aided or lent their influence to sustain
 the law of Congress which authorizes
 such infernal deeds. Nor is that all;
 those of us who have failed to exert our
 powers to repeal these disgraceful laws
 are guilty for our neglect. I dare not
 claim to bo exempt jnysclf. We art;
 involved in the dread responsibility.
 History will record the fact, and trans
 mit to unborn Bges, that we, the mem
 bers of this House, at this age of light
 and knowledge, and of civil liberty,
 maintain and keep in force a law lor
 selling fathers aud children, mothers
 and tender babes, to torture and legal
 ized murder. In the day of retribu
 tion, will not their blood stain our
 garments
 Our guilt is daily increasing. Every
 victim of this barbarous law enhances
 our responsibility. The gentleman
 from North Carolina exults, that his
 State was not concerned in the import
 ation of slaves, and connects the hor
 rors of the middle passage with New
 England cupidity. Hut does that in
 any way relieve the gentleman from
 his own responsibility in supporting the
 t slave trade in this District? He, sir,
 I has constantly opposed the abolition of
 this infamous traffic, carried on here
 before our own eyes, and attended with
 greater mental suffering than was the
 African slave trade of the last century.
 He must answer for his own sins.
 I admit that a fearful responsibility
 rested upon those of our New England
 fathers, who encouraged or engaged in
 that execrable commerce. 1 justify
 them not. I condemn them for it.
 There is but one excuse for them. 1
 j They lived in a darker age than the
 j present. The force of truth, the rights
 of man, and the claims of God, were
 not brought to bear upon the people of
 that age in the concentrated rays with
 which they have since pierced the intel
 lectual darkness which then locked up
 the sensibilities of our race. Hut, sir, j
 New England has long since, not only
 abandoned the slave trade, but she has
 discarded the institution of slavery, and
 proclaimed her hostility to all oppres
 sion. The sin of our fathers ought not
 to be visited upon their children. Hut
 sir, would that gentleman cxtcuuatc
 the guilt of the present age, by show
 ing that even greater crimes were com
 mitted by those who have gone before
 us? They must answer for the sins
 which they committed. We are res
 ponsible for our own acts. And when
 that gentleman boasts that North Car
 olina did not engage in the African
 slave trade, he should btfir in mind,
 that his is a slave-breeding State; that
 one portion of her people get their
 wealth by raising and selling their
 follow-men; that the slaves thus reared
 in this Christian land must of necessity
 be far more intelligent than those of
 Africa, and capable of far greater suf
 fering; that the slave trade, now
 carried on in that Stale, actually in
 flicts more distress and heart-rending
 anguish, in proportion to the number
 of jts victims, than did the foreign slave
 trade at that period. Therefore 1
 would advise the gentleman not to
 boast of the moral purity of his people.
 They are now, at this time, engaged
 in crimes that would have shocked the
 humanity of the African slave-dealers
 of the last century.
 We have been assured repeatedly,
 during this debate, that if we continue
 thus to express our detestation of
 slavery, that the Southern States will
 secede from the Union. Now, I would
 advise gentlemen to spare us from
 those threats. During half a century,
 the slave power has controlled this
 government, holding Northern rights
 and Northern interests subject to the
 burtheu of Slavery, wkich has con
 stautly sat like an incubus upon the
 whole nation, paralysing our energies
 and retarding our prosperity.
 The Union of our fathers has long
 Since been abandoned, discarded, and
 trampled upon by the slave power.
 Texas has been forced upon us in viol
 ation and in total subversion of the
 Constitution. In direct a id palj able con
 flict with its obvious provisions, slave
 holding foreigners from Texas now sit
 in both houses of Congress, and vote
 in the enactment of laws to govern the
 rights and control the interest of North
 ern freemen. A war has been waged,
 an hundred millions ol dollars expend
 ed, and twenty thousand lives have
 been sacrificed, for the purpose of ex
 tending slavery, to confirm the slave
 power in its control of the government;
 and now we arc threatened with a
 separation of the slave States from our
 Union. Of such an event I have nei
 ther hopes nor fears. Dependent on
 us for protection, for support, indeed
 for the very existence of Slavery, 1
 lja\e no expectation nor apprehension
 that lhej will abandon us to our best
 interests, and throw themselves upon
 the tender mercies of their slave popu
 lation, who for ages have received no
 thiog at their hand, but oppression and
 outrage. No, sir, when I shall see a
 condemned criminal u 4 lon the gallows,
 with the rope üboqt his neck, and fast
 ened to the beam above, become impa
 tient, and. in order to dissolve the
 uniou between himself and this world
 jump from the scaffold before the drop
 is permitted to fall, then sir, and not
 j then, may I believe that the slave
 Mates may hasten the terrible judg
 ments that aw a them l»y seceding
 tVorn the Union. N*»t till then will 1
 believe that they can be driven from us.
 The gentleman from Virginia, tMr.
 Bavi v,) as he has often done before,
 has attempted to show that what be
I calls the abolition movement,” ori
 giuated in England, and is now kep
 «p by British emissaries, both in thii
 Hall and through the countiy. Thi
 gentleman has not the merit of origin
 bating the charge. It was made ntam
 jyeara since hr a member from th«
 State. I suppose there can be no mi*
 understanding as to the terras he uses
 When he speaks of the abohtioi
 movement,” I presume he refers to thi
 efforts now making to extend humai
 liberty, to restore to mankind theii
 natural rights, to strike oIT the chaini
 of slavery from the limbs of its vie
 Minis, to stop the accursed traffic ii
 human flesh to which I have already
 alluded. That is what we all under
 stand by his language. It is diflicul
 to trace out the origin of these move
 ments in favor of liberty, home trace
 them back to the time when the sturdy
 barons of England extorted from King
 John the great charter of Englist
 (liberty; others to the revolution undei
 Cromwell; and others date it from the
 commencement of our own revolulior
 of 1770. If the gentleman, however,
 refers particularly to philanthropic
 efforts in behalf of the oppressed color
 cd people, 1 deny the correctness of his
 history. The first effort in favor of the
 equal rights of the colored man, pul
 forth in England, so far as my know
 ledge extends, was by Granville Sharp,
 in 1707, for the release of Jonathan
 .Strong, a slave to David Lisle. The
 slave was liberated on habeas corpus,
 and the owner, in true slavcholding
 spirit, challenged Sharp to mortal
 combat for thus daring to maintain
 I the rights of humanity. Sharp contin
 ued his efforts, until joined by Wilbcr
 force aud other distinguished philan
 thropists, w hose lobors did not cease
 until their final triumph.
 But long previous to that time—in
 deed as early as 1040, the good people
 of Massachusetts, in general court,
 had taken mearures to restore certain
 colored persons brought from Africa to
 this country, as slaves, and actually
 sent them back to their homes. If,
 therefore, the gentleman refers to ef
 forts in behalf of colored men, Massa
 chusetts is entitled to the honor of first
 moving on the subject of abolition.
 The Legislature of that State was the
 first on this continent to give universal
 and equal liberty to all her people.
 Her Abolition act, I believe, dates as
 far back as 1780. The people of the
 other New England States, and of
 New York, New Jersey, and Pennsyl
 vania, soon became abolitionists, and
 repealed their slave laws, and gradu
 ally restored liberty to their slaves.
 All this, and much more, was done in
 this country during the last century;
 while the gentleman dates the move
 ment in England subsequent to 1824,
 and in this country as late as 1802.
 A few days since, the gentleman
 took occasion to speak snceringly of
 Ohio, and to extol the institutions of his
 own State. Now, could the liberties
 and oppression of the people of Vir
 ginia be brought into common stock,
 and then each were to draw out his
 aliquot proportion of slavery and of
 liberty, it would be pronounced at once
 the most barbarous and oppressive gov
 ernment upon earth. Suppose that
 gentleman, by such equal apportion
 ment, were to receive at the hands of
 an inhuman overseer or master, a
 'scourging until his lacerated flesh
 should hang in quivering shreds, or to
 see his daughter torn from his embrace
 and sold at public auction for nameless
 purposes, should we, in such case,
 jextol the humanity of his native State?
 Were he to receive his share of the tor
 jture, misery, and oppression inflicted
 upon the slaves of that State, he would,
 fmethinks, be the last man hereafter to
 I advocate a system which has been dis
 carded by the Mahommedan barbarians
 of Algiers and Tunis. I would not
 have referred to Virginia, or her insti
 tutions, had not the gentleman dragged
 Uhein before the House, and forced
 them into debate.
 I The gentleman seems to think the
 slaves incapable of taking care of
 themselves, if manumitted. is a
 common remark. Slaveholders gener
 ally urge the necessity of slavery to
 prevent the slaves from suffering. This
 is now, and always has been the
 plea. Louis Philippe thought
 the people of France incapable of tak
 ing care of themselves, and he there
 fore desired to exercise a sort of
 fatherly love for them. So it was with
 the British Crown in 1775, and so it
 has always been with every opponent
 of freedom, from Nero down to the
 I gentleman from Virginia. Why, sir.
 the slaves of the South now support
 not only themselves, but they sustain
 their owners und families in a system
 of wasteful extravagance. But he
 insists that they are destitute of the
 intellectual ability to manage their own
 affairs. Sir, I shall not be doing that
 gentleman, nor any other Southern
 man, injustice, when I say, that one of
 the most talented and eloquent men I
 have ever met from the slave states,
 was a fugitive slave. Give them the
 advantages we enjoy, and they are our
 equals intellectually. The late experi
 ments iu the West India Islands have
 shown to the w orld the fallacy of the
 gentleman’s argument.
 The gentleman, however, says, that
 abolitionists look to the insurrection of
 the slaves. Sir, who does not look to
 that inevitable result, unless the slave
 States remove the heavy burdens w hich
 now rest upon the degraded and im
 poverished people whom they oppress?
 Is there a slaveholder w ho cun shut his
 eyes to this sure finale of slavery?
 And why should we not expect it?
 Were wc thus oppressed, outraged,
 and abused, would we not use alAlie
 means which God and nature have
 placed within our power, to remove
 such evils? Would .not duty to our
 selves. to our offspring, to God, and to
 humanity, demand that wc should rise
 with one accord, and hurl our oppres
 sors from us? Can we justify our
 fathers of the revolution in their pa
 triotic struggle for political freedom,
 and then turn round and condemn the
 slaves of the south for breaking the
 chains which hold them in physical
 bondage and in intellectual degrada
 tion? No, sir; no lover of justice no
 unbiassed mind, could blame them for
 asserting aud maintaining thei, inalien
 able rights. hen tbit time comes, as
 rotne it must, we shall say with Jeffer-
 AlmigJuy has jp attribute
which will perauthuD to take side with
 1 1 the slaveheOMilllf Thus spoke the
 4 sage of MoaiEpo, and we are con
 i strained to aiflpthe truth and propri
 •!ety of the deefaration. I will merely
 add, that with ha* “1 tremble for my
 i country, when I reffoct that God is
 just, and that his justice cannot sleep
 &gt;i forever.”
 i v
 THOIAS CAUIMiTO.X MAC At LEY.
 i
 Mr. Macauley, in his personal ap
 -1 pearance, and in the material and phsi
 cal part of his oratory, contradicts ai-
 I j together the ideal portrait one has form
 ed on reading his speeches. Every
 ‘man would, of course, have his own es-
 M pecial hallucination; but the chances
 ’j are ten to one that the majority would
 have associated with his subject every
 (physical attribute of the intellectual,
 investing him in the imagination with a
 I I voice fit to give utterance to those fine
 passages of declamation w ith which his
 speeches abound. The contrast ot4hc
 reality is, in many respects, very strik
 ing, And nature has grudged Mr.
 i Macauley, height and fine proportion,
 and his voice is one of the monotonous
 and least agreeable which usually be
 long to our countrymen north of the
 Tweed, a voice w ell adapted to give ut
 terance with precision to the conclu
 sions of the intellect, but in no way
 naturally formed to express feeling or
 passion. Mr. Macauley is short in
 stature, round, and w ith a growing ten
 dency to aldennanic disproportions.—
 His head has the same rotundity as his
 body, and seems stuck on it as firmly
 as a pin-head. This is nearly the sum
 of his personal defects, all else, except
 the voice, is certainly in his favor.—
 His face seems literally instinct with
 expression, the eye, above all, full of
 deep thought apd meaning. As he
 walks, or rather straggles, along the
 street, he seems as if in a state of total
 abstraction, unmindful of all that is go
 ing on around him, and solely occupied
 w ith his own working mind. You can-
 I not help thinking that literature is not!
 a mere profession- or pursuit, but that
 it has almost grown a part of himself, 1
 as though historical problems or ana-
 lytical criticism were a part of his daily
 and regular intellectual food.
 j v In the House of Commons the same
 abstraction is still his chief character
 istic. He enters the House with a cer-j
 j tain pole-star to guide him to his seat,
 how he reaches it seems as it were a
 process unknown to him. Seated, he
 folds his arms and sits in silence, sel
 dom speaking to his colleagues, or ap-!
 pearing to notice what is going forward.
 If he has prepared himself for a speech,
 it will be remarked that he comes down
 much earlier than usual, being much
 addicted to speaking before the dinner
 hour, when of course his memory would
 be more likely to serve him than at a
 late hour in the night, after having en
 dured for hours the hot atmosphere of
 the house, and the disturbing influen
 ces of an animated debate. It is ob
 servable too, that, on such occasions, a
 greater number of members may be
 seen loitering about the House. An
 opening is made in the discussion, and
 he rises, or rather darts up from iiis
 scat, plunging at once into the very
 heart of his subject, without exordium
 i or apologetic preface. In fact, you!
 have for a few seconds heard a voice,
 pitched in alto, monotonous and rather
 shrill, pouring forth words with incon-i
 ceivablc velocity, ere you have become I
 aware that a new speaker, and- one of!
 no common order, lias broken in upon
 the debate. A few seconds more and
 cheers, perhaps from all parts of the
 I I louse, rouse you completely from your
 j apathy, compelling you to follow that;
 extremely voluble and nut very entic-
 ing voice in its rapid course through
 t ic subject on which the speaker is en
 tering with a resolute determination, as
 it seems, never to pause. You think I
 of an express train w liich docs not stop
 even at the chief stations. On, on he
 .speeds, in full reliance of his own uio-;
 mentum, never stopping for thoughts,
 never halting for an instant, even to.
 take breath, his intellect gathering new
 vigor as it proceeds,haling the subject
 after him, and all its possible attributes
 and illustrations, with the strength of a
 giant, leaving a line of light on the
 pathway his mind has trod, till, unex
 hausted, and apparently inexhaustible,
 he brings this remarkable effort to a
 i close by a peroration so highly sustain
 ed in its declamatory power, so abound
 ing in illustration, so admirably framed
 to crown and clench the whole oration, i
 that surprise, if it has ever begun to
 wear off, kindles anew and the hearer is
 left utterly prostrate and powerless by
 the whirlwind of ideas and emotions
 that has sw-ept over him.— Frazer's
 Magazine.
 I&gt;K. MATHEIt RYLES.
 One of the most celebrated wits of j
 the olden time in’New England, was
 the odd clergyman whose name heads
 this paragraph. He was born in Bos
 ton, in 1703 and was the first pastor oL
 the church in Hollis street. He was
 an ardent lover of literature and cor
 responded with Pope, l.ansdowne, and;
 VV atts. Unlike most of his cotempora
 ries, he avoided politics in the pulpit—
 expressing always a mortal abhorrence
 of the John Owens and Hugh Peterses,
 the Kettledrumles, Poundtexts, and
 Macbriars, that so ofteu disgraced the
 sacred desk. He was a zealous Tory,
 however, and his sarcastic expressions
 of his opinions in piivatc excited much
 bitterness towards him. Many anec
 dotes arc told illustrating the quickness
 and sharpness of his w it. Tudor, yi
 his life of Otis, gives several which
 may be new to some of our readers.—
 Once, having been tried as an enemy
 to his country, he was sentenced to!
 confinement, and a guard placed over
 him. Afterwards he was set free, and
 then again placed under a sentinel, and
 finally freed again. In speaking of!
 these, transactions he said, he had
 been guarded, re-guarded, and disre-;
 garded.” Opposite to his bouse there
 was a very bad slough in wet weather.
 One day two of the selectmen, who had
 the care of the streets, driving in a
 chaise, stuck fast in this hole aud had 1
 to gret out into tbl mud to extricate
 their vehicle. In the midst of their
 struggles, the waggish divine*ppeared f
 at and bowing profoiAidly cried
 Gentlemen, I hjMfeoften com
 plained to you of tbisMHMce, without
 my attention being it. I am
verv glad to ffee you stirring in tkc mat
 ter mar During the famous ‘‘dark
 day” in 1780, a superstitious old ladjr,
 living near the Doctor, tent to inquire
 if he could account for the phenomenon,
 His answer was, my dear, you will
 give my compliments to your mamma,
 and tell her I am as much in the dark
 as she i*.” Once, however, the Doc
 tor met his match m wit. Having paid
 his addresses unsuccessfully to a lady,
 who afterwards married a Mr. (Quincy,
 the Doctor on meeting her, said. "So
 madam, you prefer a Quincy to Bytes,"
 Yes, for if there had been anything
 worse than biles, Heaven would have
 afflicted Job with them.”
TATTOOING.
 I beheld a man extended flat upon
 his back on the ground, and despite the
 j forced composure of his countenance,
 (it was evident that he was suffering
 agony. HU tormentor bent over him,
 working away for all the world like a
 stone-cutter with mallet and chisel.
 In one hand he held a short slender
 stick, pointed with a shark’s tooth, on
 j the upright end of which be tapped with
 a small hammer-like piece of wood, thus
 puncturing the skin, and charging it
 with the coloring matter in which the
 i instrument was dipped. A cocoa-nut
 shell containing this fluid was placed
 upon the ground. It is prepared by
 mixing with a vegetable juice the ashes
 of the ‘armor,’ or candle-nut, always
 preserved for the purpose. Beside the
 savage, and spread out upon a piece of
 soiled tappa, were a great number of]
 curious black-looking little implements
 of bone and wood used in the various
 divisions of his art. A few terminated
 in a single fine point, and, like very deli-1
 cate pencils, were employed in giving
 the finishing touches, or in operating
 upon the more sensitive portions of the j
 body, as was the case in the present in
 stance. Others presented several points
 distributed in a line somewhat resem
 bling the teeth of a saw. These were j
 employed in the coarser parts of the
 work, and particularly in pricking in;
 straight marks. Some presented their
 points disposed in small figures, and be-|
 ing placed upon the body, were, by a
 single blow of the hammer, made to
 leave their indellible impression. lob-‘
 servod a few, the handles of which were
 mysteriously curved, as if intended to
 be introduced into the orifice of the ear,
 with a view perhaps of beating the tat
 too upon the tympanum. Altogether,
 the sight of these strange instruments
 recalled to mind that display of cruel
 looking mother-of-pearl-handled things
 which one sees in their velvet-lined ca-:
 ses at the elbow of a dentist.
 The artist was not at this time en-&gt;
 gaged on an original sketch, his
 ject being a venerable savage, whose!
 tattooing had become somewhat faded l
 with age and needed a few repairs, and
 accordingly lie was merely employed in
 touchi g up the works of some of the
 old masters of the Typee school, as de
 lineated upon the human canvass be
 fore him. The parts operated upon were
 the eyelids, where a longitudinal streak j
 like the one which adorned Kory-Kory,j
 crossed the countenance of the victim, j
 In spite of all the efforts of the pooio
 old man, sundry twitchings and screw-1
 ings of the muscles of the face denoted i
 the exquisite sensibility of these shut-'
 ters to the windows of his soul, which
 he was now having repainted. But the
 artist, with a heart as callous as an ar
 my surgeon, continued his performance
 enlivening his labors with a wild chant,
 tapping away the while as merrily as a
 wood-pecker.— Millville's Typee.
THE 3IODESTI' OF GOLDSMITII.
 Colonel O’Moorc, of Cloghan Castle
 in Ireland, told me an amusing instance
 of the mingled vanity and simplicity of
 Goldsmith, which (though perhaps col
 ored a little, as anecdotes too often are)
 is characteristic at least of the opinion
 which his best friends entertained of
 Goldsmith. One afternoon, as Colonel
 O’Moore and Mr. Burke were going to
 dine with Sir Joshua Reydolds, they
 observed Goldsmith, (also on his way
 to Sir Joshua’s) standing near a crowd
 of people, who were staring and shout
 ing at some foreign women in the win
 dows of one of the houses in Leicester
 Square. Observe Goldsmith,” said
 Mr. Burke to O’Moore, and mark
 w'hat passes between him and me by
 and by at Sir Joshua’s.” They passed
 on, and arrived before Goldsmith, who
 came sson after, and Mr. Burke affect
 ed to receive him very coolly. I his
 sfcemcd to vex poor Goldsmith, who
 begged Mr. Burke would tell him howj
 he had had the misfortune to offend
 him. Burke appeared very reluctant
 to speak, hut, after a good deal of
 pressing, said, that he was really
 ashamed to keep up an intimacy with
 one who could be guilty of such mon
 strous indiscretions as Goldsmith had:
 just exhibited in the square.” Gold
 smith, with great earnestness, protested
 he was unconscious of what he meant.
 Why,” said Burke, “did you not ex
 claim, as you were looking up at those
 women, what stupid beasts the crowd
 must be for staring with such admira
 tion at those painted Jezebels, while a
 man of your talents passed by unno
 ticed?” Goldsmith was horror-struck.
 Surely, surely, my dear friend, I did
 not say so!” Nay,” replied Burke, i
 if you had not said so, how should I
 have known it?” That’s true,” an
 swered Goldsmith, with great humility,
 “I am very sorry—it was very foolish.
 I do reoollect that something of the
 kind passed through my mind, but 1 did j
 not think I had uttered it.”—.Vo/rs in
 Croker’i edition of Boswell's Johnson.
Rr#SIAS MARRIAGEH.
 Marriages in Russia are curious.—
 The priest meets the parties at the
 door of the church. The relatives
 also enter, having received the benedic
 tion of the priest. They go with him
 to the altar, where he puts wax candles
 in their bauds —a crown is placed on
 the bridegroom's head. the priest
 puts a ring upon one of tbeir fingers,
 and it is passed round till it is placed on
 the finger of the bride. He goe#
 round the altar, followed by the friends
 and the couple—be gives them his ben
 edict inn. It takes place in the richest
 church in Russia. The same ceremo
 nies are performed on a marriage in
 the family of the Kmperor, except that
-1 the crown is held above, not placed on
 t the head. Being present at a marriage
 ,I of the roval family, the crown wai
 l held up by boys, and it was amusina
 to see them stretching themselves tc
 1 hold it up. The music was delightful,
 i 1 have frequently heard the choir of the
 i Pore, but it is nothing when comparcc
 with what 1 heard at that marriage. 1
 I, never heard music so touching. Theii
 J dresses were beautiful. The bride hat
 a train It! feet long, made of rich vel
 ►l ret, and lined throughout with ermine
 *j»and it took five men to bear her train,
 I and as she moved round the ahar, fob
 lowed her. It was attached to bei
 dress below the shoulder. There were
 many things about it very imposing.—
 The Tc Drum was sung most bcauti
 fully. There are many singular filings
 j connected with private life. When
 making a dinner, the host and hostess
 do not sit, but like Abraham, serve
 their guests. The gentlemen go up to
 I the Indies and kiss their hands, and if
 ithey are intimate, the lady kisses his
 cheek. These arc Asiatic customs,but
 .j there is no doubt in a few years they
 j will pass away, and Kuropean be
 introduced in their place.— Dr. Baird.
 CHAPTER OFf FEMALES.
 Wc like to look upon a healthy wo
 man—she is a prodigy in the nineteenth
 century. Wherever you go, you sec
 scores and hundreds of splecny, sickly,
 feeble girls, who can hardly muster
 courage to make their beds, wash their
 faces, or drive an intruding cow from
 the yard. Tell them about early rising,
 fresh air, and healthy exercise, and
 they heave a sigh as long as the moral
 law, and about faint away. You ex
 pect them to get up before dav—to
 work in the kitchen—to breathe the
 fresh air of morning! Preposterous
 and absurd! They have never seen
 the sun rise, and would hardly know
 but the sun continues to shine forever,
 j if it were not for the almanacs and
 i their grandmothers.
 No wonder that every year sweeps
 to the grave so many young women,
 who have been sickly and etfeminate
 ever since they were born into the
 world; and death will continue to select
 them us his victims till they learn their
 duty, and pursue that course which in
 sures health, strength, aad king life.—
 ,Do you know the cause? It is found
 in listless idleness inactivity late
 hours—thin shoes, muslin dresses—a
 horror of the fresh morning air, anS
 in that detestable stuff, stitched in pink
 and yellow covers, which is flooding
 our country. If they will do ntfthing
 else, young ladies will sit and read from
 morning till night, that sickly, senti
 i mental, impure, and we will say licen
 tious,'trash, that is thrown in such
 abundance from the press. This shri
 vels the mind, warps the affections,
 j chills the better feelings, and makes the
 i liic wretched beyond description. Tel
 females look into this subject, and acl
 like reasonable beings, and we should
 soon see a different state of things.—*
 We should hear of no fainting away—
 no sickly constitution—no affection ol
 the lungs—no elopements, and no sui-
 I eides.— Colesicorlh.
 Woman’s influence.—Like the
 j olive tree—said to fertilize-the surrouu
 ding soil—there arc some few ministcr
 j ing angels in female guise among us all
 i and about our paths, who sweetly serve
 I to cheer and adorn life, our amuse
 ments are insipid unless they contribute
 to them; our efforts of noblest ambition
 feeble, unless they applaud—its re
 ward valueless, unless they shake
 them. There are, 100, some rude
 jspiiits in the world, whose bolder
 j nature female influence admirably
 serves to refine and temper; and,
 perhaps, it is not an extreme eulogium
 j of the poet —that, without that influ
 ence, many a man had been a brute
 indeed.” The concurrence of both
 sexes is as necessary to the perfection
 of our being, as to the existence of it.
 Man may uiake a fine melody, but wo
 man is also required to make up har
 mony.
 WARLIKE INFLUENCE* AAD IN
 CITEMENTS.
 Amongst the Romans, the love of
 war was kept up by constant exercise;
 and the social habits of the people en
 couraged by a ferocious disposition.—
 Their gladiatorial shows, and their ex
 hibitions of combats with wild beasts,
 had a more powerful effect in forming
 the character of their citizeus than the
 eloquence of their senators, or the la
 bors of their philosophers. Their poe
 try —one of the most powerful agents
 i in the formation of national character
 —contributed in no mean degree to tfic
 same results. Amongst ourselveg,
 while we have deplored the vices and
 rampant passions of the multitude, wc
 have neglected a close observation of
 the causes which form the character of
 nations. We have been decidedly a
 warlike people; every sea has borne
 our hostile flag, and ev£ry nation had
 to tremble before our arms. We have,
 since the year ICW), spent nearly one
 half of the time in war. Then our na
 tional amusements, which have been, in
 a great measure, patronized by the
 higher classes, have all gone to the
 mere cultivation of the animal propen
 sities. Our prize rings, bull-baitings,
 and a host of other ferocious amuse
 ments, as well as our songs, have all
 been powerful auxiliaries in producing
 the depravation of morals we see around
 us. It has been said, Let rne make
 the songs of a people, and let who will
 make their laws.” And there is great
 force in it: our national songs have
 been full of the praises of war, and
 wine, and sensuality; our theatres have
 resounded with the shouts of triumph
 over some victorious battle-held; and
 our cathedrals and churches have not
 only received the monuments of pur
 naval and military commander*,and the
 spoils of conquest, but have poured
 from their altars prayers for the success
 of our arms, and thanksgiving for the
 victories, purchased by the expenditure
 of thousands of lives and millions of
 treasure.— From Be*"*' Ledum on
 Ike Moral FIU ration of the PtopU."
 When a young man has acquired a
 love for reading, and of course a health
 ful relish for intellectual pleasures, he
 baa become possessed of ono of the
 best preservatives against dissipation.
 AJfuudoc** for low company and mteip
 perate pleasures is most generally to
 the consequence of ignorance and want
 of taste.
AiJotrliscmcnlo.
Universe cooking' stoves
 Btd«i i Aw are niaetdartirieg thia toeatoatoa
 Cimking Steve, (Warned kr Cml m Weed,
 l d to excel any other rt.vr ever fevtftted,
 T?** em Mu p irti f*** 4
 I he ttom hnittl by bat air, (the oah ka( air ortn
 „amuited to hut M well a.
 j*** *r*a. Far saJe owhr hr the ihriiwiil,
 •huhwwie end retail, 34, Street.
 i B. BUSH CO.
 °.Y£2J*®*RlB- ClT!t BINDERY
 eri/S.I!Il r »r**m—la*e runts it aoast..
 \I “ORRIS was in the employ of Mr. Marrn.
 U 7 year*. and (iwriaf that tiww*
 h* three Sihee M*'»!*, tor the beet
 Meeteena of Bmdiaf, rxh,toted at the Me-
 I Orutoif* air* hriil in this rity and Buffalo,
 Gertlcmeii Lihrane. htted up and repaired
 M T!T r T r nM M r reTiodical* h»end
 and blushed to any patera. Blank Arrow,t Book.
 fhw ffUnhrKinfni havt kiycfi vocuuillrd
 mti*tnrtiom, by ikir f w&lt; ’{Strict
 attnitkit is always paid 1., th-' ipmbtv
 to render them euanl to the Lett in the Inittxi State,
 or timer imported.
 Indies’ Bcrup and Gaard Book*. A't urns anti
 Pnrtfclik, in ail tlicir taridirr, manufactured to
 order in the best *t\b*.
 Hanks, Institutions, Societies, fcc., mar he
 assured of work bring done va the must advantageous.
 tenm.
 Gentlemen residing at a distance, by packing and
 forwarding volume* to the above direct* ns, stating
 |wice and *t\h-, may rely epon their l/eing aril Lmr.il
 on tlie nm»t lav oralik; terms, »hu carefully ami
 punctually returned.
 N.ll. Hie proprietor bn* spared no expense in
 Id in," up tlie establishment, and introducing into
 J, u rn w die latest improvement* its
 Book Binding.
 OM F.X MORRIS,
 City Bindery u»*!cr flk- Mii&gt;hhii.
BOM ON AOYfcRTINLMEMS.
 CL A RKs ON,
 LON DON JF.DITION—W ITH PORTRAIT
 \FF.W c«&gt;pie* of CLARKSONS HISTORY
 OF THE ABOLITION OF THE SLAYF.
 1 TRADE, w itl, prefatory remarks on the
 atodithm of Shivery a lenntifttl lamth.n edition,
 with a tine Portrait of the Author, done on strel, —.t
 book winch mold tail lie ini|N&gt;rted lor k-.vs than three
 dollars, ran to&gt; had at 21, Cotlihill, if a| plied f&gt; r
 i mined iatrly, at tlx-very low pi ice of Oar. Doli.ar,
 cash. Also, El LOUD M ON CLARKSON, l
 At.ruMit R Cri m vtLi, at the reduced price J»
 twelve and a hall cents.
 ROBERT MORRIS, Jr., Attorney sikl (W
 seller at I .aw, Brazrr’s Building, State Street.
 JOSEPH 11. TURPIN would invite the attention
 of his friends and tlie public to hi* DAtil ER.
 RIAN GALLERV .V*. 138, JJaaovtr Strut, wlirie
 he pledges himself to execute Miniature* with a Ule
 like finish, and on a* mode rale trim* a* auv nthci*
 i tla&gt; profession.
 MA&lt; ON B. ALLEN. Attorney and Counsellor
 at Law .Massachusetts Block.
 BO YS’ C LOT HIN G.
 CAMI EL M lI.SON, 14, Brattle Street, Imvint;
 k made reeei t additions to his stork, is prepared in
 furnish BOYS* I I.OTHINU, of a* »o. d material
 ami lit, and at as cheap pliers, as ran lie oltaumd in
 the city.
 MAY ENGLAND SECOND HAND
 CLOTHING STORE.
 No. 56, I'm toy Siri ri. Borrow.
 TOHN Y\ Hltill I' keep* c.intaatly on hand a
 great variety of New atri See ud 11.,i d Clothing.
 I (iootl* of all Harrissui hasoh I della s, soorl*,
 atehes, Boots ami Slu es, t-xchiioged for new
 clothing. Cash advanced on all kind* of g, ml*,
 from one to one hundred dollar*.
 i JOHN n. RF.VALF.ON, Ha r Culting Saloon,
 j it and Perfunrery Empoiium, II I, B!ai kstrn e.*t.
 THE DELAW ARE ABOhl l IOMsI.
 A &lt;4 tin above name will Ire published m
 I XL W ilmington, by the Delaware Anti-Slav, i\
 Soeiety. It will le edited by a Cemniittee. and will
 lm published on a halt me,'inin sheet, at twer t\-l\,v
 I'• V»W, or for twenty-f,nr in,ml i ts. It .i ill I
 devoted to emaneipati .n in DeLiwaie, and vv ill it.
 vorate its aeeoiii| lishiueijt l y all lawful naans. »t.
 will l peblislied s, ini-ni, i tidy, if means are af
 forded, or as often as tin* means ran he htained.
 JAMES B. BRCOKE
 i’uhlisliing Agent.
 NORTH A JinONJV ATER Ct'RE.
 Electricity nittl llydrepiithy.
 I I lIF. public are respectfully inhatoed, that since
 1 the plril, sopliieal deductions of the learned Dr.
 Means, ol h.tnoty l.&lt; liege, &lt;&gt;a., and the seirntilc
 experiiiM'til* of Mr. Ilemiuer of Eigland,* ia\e
 recent'y and inr'nt ilably stablished ti.c fact, lit t
 i tlie ton, lusioi- s at which the uia!,isigrmvl atirveil I v
 i *l ,e F, ,w I ton, h, in an in haimoiy with
 natural and yl.ysioh giral laur—to wit, that lie
 j hunt.tn Imm y, ia a lar.lthy condition, i* in a pv.rtne
 rlertriml rtotr, and that the ileetiical (inamilioi*
 from tin- eutienlar sin face, indicate l.tallh, or the
 symptoms aad tharacter of disease—thete is s, ire
 reason to hope, that certain i hysiciars, igm iaoi f
 these princ i| les or natmal laws, a kiw yy ledge of
 w hich is t ssential ttstla- safe nod intelligent prarthe
 ol the healing art, will cense their v,wilt-ration*
 against the rosiTivr. m.ictricai. oftlw
 hnutati Daly, and will hesitate to dissuade those
 whom they have tailed to relieve ol tlwir complaints,
 from seeking nature’s remedy a t the North aw t&gt;-
 T«)«i W atkr Cvkr. Thus siistameil by the light
 of srieine, tlie timh-rsignml may be permitted lu re
 to repeat hi* expei it nee, that, in all rases wlwre the
 wrist, stomach, or lungs, are in tlie electro-negative
 t oimliuoi,, the patient is Iw)oimI tlw power of water
 i«n„rtl relief. On (lie other hand, when llw pints
tt\y ;ii!tu!c&lt;{ to t arp in flu* cliTlro-|M!tfitivr
 state, Imwever disarrangetl, tlierc is groimti to bore
 for a c ure.
 Ifatl not the results of past yearn’ practice
 already convinced the ptilJic of the safety or tmtli
 lulness of the principles l,y which the undersigned i*
 governed, in detecting the symptoms arul character
 i ami
 tine demonstration of tlit-ir cwreetness, by Profess, r
 I Means and Mr. 11, miner, coukl not fail to eonvince
 tiw most incredulous.
 Gratefully appreciating the credit so generously
 I awarded for his success as a Hydropathic Pram-
 I inner, hy a distemmg public, and the rralilise
 evinced by those whom la; lias had the pkasutc to
 relieve of tlwir complaints, ihe nwiersigned will
 assiduously eiwk avcr to sustain therredit.and merit
 that gratittwle, in tlie case of every- invalid who may
 afford him hi, opportunity to eflect a core, by hi*
 original ami philosophical method of practice. 1
 'l'la, Northauif ton W ater Cure is pleasantly situ
 ated near Ben.-oi,ville, on the west l ank of Lick,.,*
 Water, or Mill River,' a I suit two and a half miles
 horn tlie centre ol tlie town. It ia conveniently
 arranged, with separate parlors, lathing nnd dress'-
 mg-rooms, fur Ladies and Gentk men, well ventil
 ateii ami eooveuwntly fmnhdmd Ulging n-m.s, ami
 a varmty ol laths, suppled with water, winch, for
 alanu(anee, parity, a.ai adaptedm-s* to
 is unsurpassed by that wf „ny oihrr esta-.
 MishiiM-nt tn this country. The scenery in thi x
 vicinity i* pictureMpie and romantic. Thor, are a.
 variety of pleasant walks, -uffii w-ntly retired, to
 allow water-l ure patient* to appear as the) should,
 plainly dressed, enjoying (isyr rambles w itlwmt
 Ijeiog exposed to public gaze or &lt;di«e-rvation.
 Aussag tin- rjoupiaiut* wlmli ar* tore ■laeess/ully
 treated, are headache, tendency ol ,&gt;l&lt;*«| to tke head,
 cold extremities, general and ccrvows rk-iwlitv, hrnn*
 cbitts, pulmonary ado, lion, liter emwfilwint, jnwn
 ilnv, acute or eitrooic iullainniation of the to wel,
 piles, dyspepsia, general debility, nervoos and
 adeethms, nirtaumtatory awl thtmiic iheninnlissii,
 neuralgia, m iate a, kune limljw, [sir &lt;l) sis, fe vets, salt
 rheum, sr rofukar* arvf ery*i;&gt;elas homers.
 All patitnts who visit this astatoirhuM-at fnr a
 course of treatment, shouhl furnub Ua utseivea with
 tlir,*e wsnhrtalito, three wooheii blanket., one or
 two iinrn :otd ttoer eotton sheets, two pillow caws
 six eight crash towels, sown- well worn lim n to
 rut Par t.men*toms, an old ckmk or Bamk an uu
 Ivetta, am! a (air of sh(&gt;peri&lt;.
 'lVrui. for treat me til ami Uwrd are $5 50 to
 S 8 oOpti well, payaMe week It-washing ,xt.a.
 rat tent, reipnnug extra attention trm in ihe.r
 room., (except toe .wathwg
 the.r own nurses ami fuel, or pay extra mm c.
 I». RUGGLEB
 XrrlAmaaftm, J fartk 1848.
 N.B. Visitor, to the Eatabluhtmut, from tin
 E 1 1 V/' 0r «t«k,tohe the car. of the C&lt;«w.
 River Railroad at HpstegteU. tWrmgr. w.M
 always be .u readtoew at lha Nurthamptou d* isa, t a
 convey the to hither.
 The toman btood, m a normal and healthy cwv
 oitwai of the human *\»tcm, j f in a positive iite,
 """tody maintained hy the actfvitv «f the
 ItWUWg tHHm within—an excess generally [W*.
 »ng off i»_ silence from the cutirwk&gt;r ustoi-, so that
 «Bt &lt;&gt;f 35d ttpermnm Blade hy Mr. Ilrwnner of
 Eagjand.apoa the uncovered sh«a,” S2S indicated
 *he DlRsumw of pwrtivt ntoctririir Th»s snrplusaga
 m is ftald apoa the nrtor, we htote to tw indis
 pewadde to the hewhhful condition of the whole
 annual ccot.au&gt;, and (hat when, hqpi any cause, is
 diminished reaws, diseased tetiwn ensue*.'
 See address, delivered tehee tlw Medical College of
 Georgia, at the opening of it. xnaoai teas too, Ni*v
 S, 1847, by A. Mean., A.M., M D., Professor of
 (licmwtry and Pharmacy, and Proltowoe of PhvtKal
 8c n nee m Emory Coltoge. Ga page 2S
"
