"If) o c t r t).
For the North Star..
 A VOICE FROM THE OLD FATHERLAND
 Listen, brothers, to the breeze.
 Borne across the distant seas,
 Wafting to your western strand,
 A voice from the old Fatherland.
 We have marked your held career,
 And rejoiced that there should be,,
 la the chained and fettered world,.
 One more land of liberty.
 Hopeful eyes are turned to you—
 Shall they Itopc in vaind
 Ye have a great work to flo
 Only to yourselves be true,
 And the Atlantic mam.
 Tossing on a thousand shores,
 Shall wash no mightier land than yours.
 The great republic! may that namu
 Be linked with an immortal fame,
 The young world’s beacon light!
 And be her sons the foremost found,
 To crush oppression to the ground,
 Proud champions of the Right!
 Brothers, we hold in honor high,
 The sacred cause of liberty,
 And deem that it was nobly done,
 When freedom from our rule you won;
 As the young child to manhood grown,
 Confides in his own strength alone.
 Yet we would use a brother’s claim
 To counsel and to warn,.
 For we would see your glorious name
 Unsullied by one taint of shame,
 Upon its banner borne.
 And not with angry zeal we speak,
 Nor vantage for ourselves to seek
 ’Tis but our human sympathy.
 That joins the slave’s unpitied cry-
 Oh, felt ye not at Bunker Hill,
 The fire of hope your bosoms fill—
 Hope that no distant day should see
 A nation ferterless and free!
 Did ye not vow, at Freedom’s shrine,
 Her pioneers to stand,
 Till her triumphant banner shine
 Unfurled o’er every land?
 And Freedom, to that generous vow
 Demands that ye be faithful now!
 By all the burden and the wrong
 Ye patiently endured so long,
 And by the kindled flame that rose
 At last, and brethren turned to foes;
 By all the ardor and the zeal
 For Liberty, that patriots lecl;
 The scorn of the oppressor’s chain,
 The bursting to be free again-;
 By every sacred hope that binds
 To Liberty, aspiring minds;
 The sense unquenchable and keen
 Of something more than earth has seen,
 Hid in this narrow bound of clay,
 Till the freed soul shall soar away;
 By all the ties of hearth and home,
 From woodsman’s hut to stately, dome,
 Where’er a human heart is found,
 In liuks of loving bondage bound;
 Brothers, by all that ye have done,
 And all that ye have yet to do,
 All ye have borne, and felt, and worn,
 Freedom implores you to be Srue
 To that bold promise which ye gave,
 And strike the fetters from the slave.
 F. T. MOTT.
 Leicester, (Eng.) April, 1848.
For the North Star-
 FREE THE SLAVE.
 Shall we proclaim, that we are free,
 Live in a land of liberty,
 When on the dash of every wave,
 Comes the loud groaningof the slave?
 Shall we raise freedom’s--flag, on high,
 When every breeze doth bear the sigh
 Of Afric’s children as they toil
 To dress and till our country’s soil?
 And shall we revel on the gain
 That makes them groan and sigh with pain,
 Say, shall we heap the glittering gold.
 For which our countrymen arc sold?
 Then shall we see our Maker’s hand
 Lifted in vengeance o’er our land,
 To take from us our boasted power,
 And make these demon spirits cower.
 Ah! dare you with an iron rod,
 Oppress the image of our God—
 Defy the Almighty’s great decree,
 That bids you let the oppressed go free?
 Then pray in faith to Heaven’s high throne,
 That you may reap as you have sown.
 Will God stoop down with listening car,
 The prayer of hypocrites to hear?
 And will he ope the heavenly gates
 To him who his own children hates?
 No! at his bar you must appear
 To answer for the crimes, done here,
 And he will give the j,ust decree,
 That ye have done it unto me.”
 Go humbly, then, and offer there,
 The contrite spirit, hutable prayer,
 Wash out the crimson from your heart,
 And from your evil ways depart;
 No more the heavy burdens bind,
 And peace and pardon you will find.
 Then can you swell the choral song,
 With seraphs in the heavenly throng,
 On golden harps your anthems raise,
 In one eternal song of praise.
 Eastford, May 24,1548. M. W.
 WE’RE BRITHREN A’.
 BY ROBERT NICOLL.
 A happy fit hame this auld warld wad be,
 If men, when they’re here, could make shift to agree,
 And ilk said to his neebor in cottage and ha’,
 Come, gie me me your hand—we arc brithren a’.
 I ken na why ane with anitber should fight,
 When to ’gree wad mak a’body cosy and right;
 When man meets wi* man, it’s the best way ava,
 To say—Gi’e me your ban’—we’re brethren a*.
 My coat is a coarse one, an’ yours may bn fine,
 And I maun drink water, while you may drink wine,
 But we baitli hae a leal heart, unspotted to sliaw,
 Sae gi’e me your hand—we’re brithren a’.
 The knave ye wad scovn, the unfaithful deride,
 Ye wad stan like a rock, wi’ the truth on your side;
 &amp;ae wad I—and naught else wad I value a straw,
 So gi’e me your hand—we are brethren.
 Ye wad scorn to de fauscly by woman or man;
 I haud by the right, ay as weel as I can-
 We are ane in our joys, our affections and a’
 Come, gi’e me your hand—we are brithren a’.
 We have the same simmer day, sunny an’ fair;
 Hame! oh, how we hive it, and all that are there!
 Fr.:e the pure air o’ Heaven the same life we draw,
 Come, gi’e me your hand—\ye are brithren a’.
 Frail, shakin*' auld age will sune come o’er ns baitli,
 An’ creepin’ alang at his back will be Death;
 Syne into the same mother yird we will fa,’
 Come, gi’e me your hand—-WE are; brethre.n a’,
 A PATTERN WIFE.
 Show me the wife that’s on the watch
 For every little rent or scratch,
 And cures it with a timely patch,
 Before you know it;
 .She’s a woman fit to match
 A lord or poet.— Chronotype*
Selections.
From the National Era.
 SKETCHES OF MODERN REFORMS
 AND REFORMERS
 N GREAT BRITAIN AJSD IRELAND.
 Down, to the period of the trials of
 Took®, Hardy, and others, for high
 treason, and of the successful attack
 then made by Mr. Erskine, on the
 doctrine- of constructive treason, the
 English law of treason was infamous.
 Among other things, treason was de
 fined to be, waging war against the
 King, or compassing and imagining his
 death, or the overthrow of his govern
 ment. The law evidently contemplated
 the doing of some act, designed and
 adapted to accomplish these ends, i
 But the construction of the courts had
 subverted this principle, and declared
 the mere utterance of words high trea
 son. In the reign of Edward IV., a
 citizen was executed for saying, he
 would make his son heir of the crown,” j
 meaning, as was supposed, that he
 would make him the heir of his inn, j
 called ‘‘the Crown.” Another, whose,
 favorite buck the King had wantonly
 killed, was executed for saying, “lie!
 wished the buck, horns, and all, in the
 bowels of the man who counselled the
 King to kill it.” The court gravely
 held, that as the King had killed it of
 his own accord, and so was his own
 counsellor, this declaration was imagin
 ing the King’s death, and therefore;
 treason! So it had been held, that
 using words tending to overawe Par-
 K&amp;ment, was levying war on the King, i
 and was therefore treasonable.
 The times of which I write were
 prolific of State prosecu i ms. Erski le
 was the ready counsel of the proscribed
 reformers of the last century, as Brough
 am of this. His great effort on these
 trials was to convince the court that
 the juries had the right to decide upon
 the character of the publication, in
 making up their verdicts; or, in other
 phrase, they were judges both of law
 and fact. In this effort, he had many
 a fierce conflict with the judges, when
 with his usual courage, he braved
 their rebukes, and challenged the exe
 cution of their hinted threats to com
 mit him for contempt. He always
 argued this point fully to the court, in
 the presence of the jury; and such
 was his mastery over the reason and
 the feelings, that he sometimes pre
 vented a conviction, when he could not
 obtain an acquittal. It was in an 1
 affair of this sort, that he had a quarrel
 with Mr. Justice Buller, a judge who
 coupled double the imperiousness of
 Mansfield with half his talents, and
 whose frown, glowing out from under
 his huge wig, has silenced many a bar
 rister of more than, common nerve.
 The respectable Dean- of St. Asaph,
 who breathed the mountain air of j
 Wales, published a clever political
 tract, under the guise of a dialogue
 between King George and a farmer.
 Erskine went down to defend him.
 Buller presided at the trial. Erskine
 argued his favorite topic with more
 than his accustomed ability. The jury
 listened with absorbing attention; the
 judge with impatient interruptions. He
 charged furiously against the Dean,
 and told the jury, if they believed he
 published the tract, they must render a
 general verdict of guilty. The words
 of reason and power of the great bar
 rister, and his piercing eyes, which
 rivetted everything within their gaze,
 went with them to their room. They
 returned a verdict in these words—
 Guilty of publishing only.” The
 astonished judge ordered them out i
 again, with directions to render a gen- j
 eral verdict of guilty. Erskine inter-
 posed, and insisted on their right to j
 render such a verdict as they had. i
 The judge replied tartly, and the jury i
 retired. Again they came in with the
 same verdict. The judge reprimanded i
 them, while Erskine insisted that their i
 verdict should be recorded. Buller i
 retorted, explained his law to the re-
 refractory panfd, and sent them out. i
 The third time they appeared with the i
 same verdict. The judge grew furious, i
 and said, unless they rendered a gen
 eral verdict, he should order the clerk
 to enter it “guilty.” Erskine pro
 tested in strong terms. Buller ordered
 him to sit down. Erskine said he
 would not sit down, nor would he allow
 the court to record a verdict of guilty
 against his client, when the jury had
 rendered no such verdict. Buller hint
 ed at commitment. Erskine defied
 him. The jury were frightened, and,
 in their panic, assented to a general
 verdict of guilty. Erskine excepted,
 and carried the case to the full bench.
 But the day of triumph was at hand.
 So clearly had he in his arguments ex- I
 posed the iniquity of the rule, (if in-!
 deed it was law at all,) and so pertin
 aciously had he contested it on the
 trial of the Dean, that Parliament
 passed a declaratory act, (thus admit
 ting that Erskine was right,) giving
 jurors, in these prosecutions, the
 power to render a verdict upon the
 whole offence charged—that is, making
 them the “judges of the law, as well
 as the fact.” I need not say, that,
 after this, prosecutions for seditious
 libels became much less potent wea
 pons in the hands of royal and minis
 terial persecutors, and reformers
 breathed freer.
 It does the heart good to behold
 talents like Erskine’s devoted to such
 purposes. To see the foremost lawyer
 of his time, in the midst of wide-spread
 aristocratic clamor, and despite the
 fulrninations of Kings, and Ministers,
 and Judges, take the side of humble
 men, who are denounced as incen
 diaries, agrarians, levellers, French
 Jacobins, traitors, and infidels, plotting
 to murder their sovereign, upheave his
 throne, and prostrate the altars of the
 church, (and these are but a tithe of
 the catalogue,) and for years perform
 prodigies of labor for poor clients and
 poorer pay, thus blocking up the
 avenues to preferment in his cherished
 profession, and all for the love he
 bears the common cause! Such a
 spectacle should go somewhat to blunt
 the edge of those taunts so constantly
 aimed at a profession which he adored
 and adorned, and which, in every
 struggle for human rights, has furnish
 ed. leaders to the popular party among
 the bravest of the brave. The law,
 like every other profession, has its
 scum and its vermin, and yields its
 share of dishonest men. But they are
 dishonest not because they arc lawyers,
but because they are scoundrels-, and
 would have been so, had they chosen
 to be merchants, physicians, or horse
 jockies.
 But we must leave Mr. Erskine, by,
 saying, that he possessed ability and
 learning to maintain the boldest posi
 tions; eloquence for the most thrilling
 appeals; imagination to sustain the
 loftiest flights. He was graceful in
 action, melodious in execution, and had
 an eye of whose fascinating power
 jurors were often heard to speak. He
 was a wit and a logician, a lawyer and
 a reformer, a man cast in the noblest
 mould of his species.
 Mr. Erskine was powerfully sustain
 ed in his efforts for law reform by the
 great liberal leader of the House of
 Commons. Ciiari.es James Fox de
 serves a conspicuous place among the
 early reformers of England. Entering
 Parliament in 1708, when just turned
 twenty-one, he rallied under the banner
 of Mr. Burke, then the chief debater
 on the Whig side, whose lead he fol
 lowed through the doubtlul contest on
 American questions; and when victory,
 and peace, and independence crowned
 their efforts, the chief resigned the
 standard of opposition into the hands
 of his younger and more robust lieu
 tenant. Fox is called the disciple of
 Burke,” and after their unnatural es
 trangement, he gratefully said, I
 have learned more from Burke alone,
 than from all other men and authors.”
 He remained in the Commons till his
 death in 1805; and although hampered
 by aristocratic connexions and the
 leadership of his party, his generous
 nature and warm heart, through nearly
 forty years of Parliamentary life, car
 ried his great talents to the liberal
 j side. He headed the forlorn hope of
 English freedom during the panic fol
 lowing the French revolution, and in
 the darkest and stormiest nights of that
 long and gloomy period, his voice
 sounded clear and firm above the tem
 pest, hurling defiance at his foes, and
 bidding the few friends of man and
 constitutional liberty who stood around
 him, be of good cheer, for the day of
 their redemption was drawing on. His
 speeches against the stamp act, the
 taxation of the colonies, the American
 war, the test act, the suspension of the
 habeas corpus, the treason and sedition
 bills, the slave trade; and in favor of
 Parliamentary reform, religious tolera
 tion, Catholic emancipation, the rights
 of juries, and of peace, contain vol
 umes of liberal principles which endear
 his name to the friends of humanity in
 both hemispheres. As Erskine was
 the first advocate that ever stood at the
 English bar, so Fox was the first de
 bater that ever appeared in its Com
 mons. Burke wrote of him, after their
 separation, I knew him when he was
 nineteen; since which he has risen to
 be the most brilliant and accomplished
 debater the world ever saw.” His
 argumentative powers were of the
 highest order, and his wit, his invec
 tive, and his appeals to the judgment
 and feeling's unrivalled. In the parti
 san warfare of extemporaneous debate,
 he bore down on his antagonist with an
 energy which, when fully roused, bor
 dered on ferocity. But it was the fer
 ocity of impassioned logic and intense
 reasoning. Not content with once go
 ing over the ground in controversy, he
 travelled it again and again, unfolding
 new arguments, and adding additional
 facts, till his searching and vigorous
 eloquence had discovered and demol
 ished every objection that lay in his
 tradk. The v &gt;ry embodiment of the
 reasoning element in man, lie saw
 through his subject with rapid glances,
 grappled sturdily with all its strong
 points, despised mere ornaments, re
 jected all bewildering flights of the
 imagination, and shunned excursions
 into collateral fields which skirted his
 line of argument. In these latter
 respects he was totally unlike his great
 master. As his reasoning powers were
 cast in the most colossal mould, so his
 heart was of the finest and noblest
 quality. Mackintosh has justly said,
 that he united in a most remarkable
 degree the seemingly repugnant cha
 racters of the mildest of men and the
 most vehement of orators.” His ap
 peals to magnanimity, to generosity, to
 integrity, to justice, to mercy, thrilled
 the soul of Freedom, while the tide of
 consuming lava which he poured on
 hypocrisy, meanness, dissimulation,
 cruelty, and oppression, made the
 grovellers at the footstool of power hide
 with fear and shame. He was a states
 man of the broadest and most liberal
 views. His capacious mind was stored
 with political knowledge; he had deep
 ly studied the institutions of ancient
 and modern States; and no man better
 understood the general and constitu
 tional history of his own country, nor
 the delicate machinery which regulated
 its complicated foreign and domestic
 affairs. As bold as a lion, he never
 cowered before the King, his ministers,
 or his minions; but gloried in being
 the mouthpiece of out-door Reformers,
 whose radical principles and humble
 connections, prevented their admission
 within the Parliamentary walls. He
 repeated the coarse opinions of Cart
 j wright and his companions, in a place
 whose doors they were forbidden to
 darken, but in language worthy the
 classic scion of Holland House. He
 j was of invaluable service to the radical
 party, in gaining them favor with the
 aristocratic and learned Whigs, be
 cause he could throw over their prin
 ciples the shield of argument, adorn
 them with the grace of scholarship,
 and dignify them with the lustre of
 birth and station. In this regard his
 conduct might be profitably studied by
 his professed admirers on this side of
 the Atlantic.
 Mr. Fox was totally unlike his great
 rival. Pitt was stately, taciturn, and of
 an austere temper. Fox was easy, so
 cial, and of a kindly disposition, Pitt
 was tall and grave, and, entering the
 House carefully dressed,walked proud
 ly to the head of the Treasury bench,
 and took his seat as dignified and dumb
 as a statute. Fox was burly and jo
 vial, entered the House in a slouched
 hat and with a careless air, and, as he
 approached the Opposition benches,
 had a nod for this learned city member,
 •land a joke for that wealthy knight of
 the shire, and sat down, as much at
 ease as if he were lounging in the bacls
 parlor of a country inn. Pitt, as the
 y adage runs, could “speak a King's
 speech off-hand,” so consecutive were
 his sentences; and his round, smooth
periods delighted the aristocracy of all j
 parties. Fox made the Lords of the
 Treasury quail as he declaimed in
 piercing tones against ministerial cor
 ruption, while his friends shouted
 hear! hear!” and applauded till the
 House shook. Pitt’s sentences were
 pompous and sonorous, and often)
 “their sound revealed their own hol
 lowness.”' Fox uttered sturdy Anglo-
 Saxon sense; every word pregnant with
 meaning. Pitt was a thorough busi
 ness man, and relied for success in de
 bate upon careful preparation. Fox
 despised the drudgery of the office,and
 relied upon his intuitive perceptions and
 his robust strength. Pitt was the greater
 Secretary—Fox the greater Commoner.
 Pitt’s oratory was like the frozen sta
 lactites and pyramids which glitter
 around Niagara in mid-winter, stately,
 clear, ajid cold— like the vehe
 ment waters which sweep over its)
 brink, and roar and boil in the abyss j
 below. Pitt, in his great efforts, only
 erected himself the more proudly, and
 uttered more full Johnsonian sentences,
 sprinkling his dignified but monotonous j
 “state paper style” with pungent sar
 casms, speaking, as one having authori-j
 ty, and commanding that it might stand)
 fast. Fox on such occasions reasoned
 from first principles, denouncing where
 he could not persuade, and reeling un
 der his great thoughts, until his excited
 feelings rocked him, like the ocean in a
 storm. Pitt displayed the most rhetoric,
 and his mellow voice charmed, like the
 notes of an organ. Fox displayed the
 most argument, and his shrill tones
 pierced like arrows. Pitt had an icy
 taste; Fox a fiery logic. Pitt had.art;
 Fox, nature. Pitt was dignified, cool,
 cautious; Fox, manly, generous,brave.
 Pitt had a mind; Fox a soul. Pitt was
 a majestic automaton; Fox a living
 man; Pitt was the Minister of the
 King; Fox the Champion of the Peo
 ple. Both were the early advocates of
 Parliamentary reform; but Pitt retreat
 ed, while Fox advanced; and both
 joined in denouncing and abolishing the
 horrors of the middle passage. Both,
 died the same year, and they sleep side
 by side in* Westminster Abbey, their!
 dust mingling with that of their mutual)
 friend Wilberforce; while over their
 tombs watches with eagle eye and ex
 tended arm, the moulded form of
 Chatham.
 Even an outline of the majestic
 figure of Edmund Burke, which appro
 priately belongs here, could not &gt;find
 space in this number.
 H. B. S.
PHYSICAL. EDUCATION of GIRLS.
We copy from the New York Com
 mercial the following excellent remarks
 upon the proper education of young
 females in order to insure their health,
 and vigorous action even till age ap
 proaches:
 Shame on us, that we, who boast
 of having raised woman in this nine
 teenth century to the position in life
 which she ought to hold, so educate her
 that not one of her powers, physical or
 mental, can ever attain a full and
 healthy action. Better go back to the)
 days of our great-grandmothei s and be i
 content withJDilworth’s Spelling-book)
 and Assembly Catechism—nay, better!
 to far earlier days, when neither cate-,
 chism nor spelling-book detained the
 damsel from the distaff or the loom,
 than rear for the coming generation a
 race of nervous wives and sickly
 mothers.
 When the boy runs merrily after
 his ball, or chases in. the race, or leaps
 over the bound, the girl must walk de
 murely in the garden,,because, forsooth,
 running, and leaping, and jumping arc
 ungraceful in the girl. When the,boy
 roams freely over the hill, or through
 the woods in the summer, or coasts
 down the hill, or skates merrily over
 the pond in the winter, the girl, un
 trusted, unbenefitted, walks pensively
 by the side of her teacher to the vil
 lage, or takes a two-mile ailing in the
 sleigh once in the week. She never
 pitches the quoit, never throws the
 ball, never slides down the hill, never
 roams through the woods, because, save
 the mark! all these are deemed unfein
 inine. In fact, she never thoroughly
 exercises her body at all, and in conse
 quence soon becomes unable to endure
 any kind of physical fatigue.
 “‘Fit only for boys,’ said a princi
 pal of a large female institute to me,
 the other day, when I remonstrated
 with him on the importance of these
 and other like exercises for girls. For!
 boys, indeed! And has not a girl a 1
 physical system to be developed, and)
 matured, and invigorated? Has she
 not fatigue to bear, obstacles to encoun-;
 ter, hindrances to overcome, enter
 prises to carry out, duties to discharge?
 Has she not the burden of life to carry
 and its toilsome road to travel for her-j
 self? In her own sphere does she not!
 require, and will she not require thro’
 life, all the energy, and strength, and
 endurance of which her system should
 be capable? It matters not whether
 she is to live in the midst of fashion, or
 to move quietly in the circles of country
 life, or to find her lot upon missionary
 ground, or to struggle against unfore
 seen adversity, all that can be made of
 her during her years of education, phy
 sically, morally, and intellectually, she
 will need. To every woman, in what
 ever situation she may occupy, life is a
 furt, stubborn, earnest, real, to be
 shaped and moulded by her own ef
 forts, or to be borne and endured by
 i her own fortitude. Happy is she who
 |is prepared for it, not by her own de
 j spairing efforts in after life, but by the
 judicious, careiul and thorough disci
 pline of early education.
HOW TO KEEP OFF OLD AGE.
 Intellectual culture is no doubt the
 best and the strongest barrier which
 the young can rear against the insidiu
 ous advances premature old age.—
 Mental discipline is eminently healths
 ful and life-sustaining. We speak not
 of excessive application, but of diligent
 and persevering culture and exercise of
 mind. Ihe following remarks on the
 subject, by the Rev. Mr. Winslow, are
 commended to the consideration of all
 concerned, and especially to young la
 dies
 The premature old age observed in
 the appearance and infirmities of many
 ladies in our country is not flip result
 of too much study. We do not begin
 to study in this country as they do in
Germany, nor as many do in England;
 and France. It is a common tiling!
 among the educated ladies of Germany,
 to find those who can read and speak
 three or four different languages andj
 are extensively versed in mathematics!
 and natural philosophy.
 It is clearly proved, that the high
 cultivation of the intellect is favorable
 to protracted usefulness and long life.j
 Highly educated men and women, «n
 an average, live longer, and enjoy J
 more even and pure health, than those*
 of little or no culture. The mind is!
 life—the very essenceoflife, and where]
 there is most of that it imparts life arvdl
 vigor to the body. It is believed that
 thousands in this country annually die
 some twenty years sooner than they
 would, had they bestowed a higher cul-i
 tivation upon their intellect. We must
 be more intellectual and less sensual
 more of what dies not, and less of that]
 which dies—if we would invigorate and I
 prolong whatever of us is immortal.—!
 It is said to be better to wear out than
 to rust out. The truth is, after all, I
 very few in this country can claim the j
 honor of wearing out, intellectually;
 but hundreds are daily dying through
 mental rust. Why does the man of’
 business languish and die so soon on j
 retiring to enjoy in idleness his gains?]
 Just because the life-giving power, the;
 mind ceases to act. Rust, stagnation,;
 disease, gloomy spirits, and death,
 must inevitably come. The perpetual
 tug and excitement of business, as it is
 done in this country, frequently over-]
 task and break down the mind; not
 so much by the intellectual labor as by
 the excitement attending it. Now the
 study of the languages, sciences, &amp;c.,
 and the putting forth of the mental en
 ergies in the form of written thoughts
 for the world, afford just that kind of
 mental effort which is most favorable to
 long and vigorous life. Accordingly,
 literary and scientific men are, as a
 class, long lived. If our females would
 give up their dissipations, renounce
 their novels and their indolence, put
 away their inglorious rust, and their
 vain-glorious excitements together, and
 rise higher in the scale of intellectual,;
 thinking, spiritual beings, they might
 secure to themselves and to their cbil- j
 dren a far more healthy, youthful, pro
 longed earthly existence, than most of
 them now enjoy.
 AN liNGLASII LANDSCAPE*
The landscape at last began to as
 sume a more distinct character; the
 footpath carried him over the top of a
 steep little hill, and at his feet, amid a
 group of tall lime-trees, the hoar tower
 of a very ancient country church was
 to be seen rising. Wains were now
 heard rolling at no great distance—the
 voices of children at play reached him
 next: it was evident he was approach
 ing a village. The footpath led him
 once more over a style, and then ter
 minated in a pretty wide road. A rather]
 considerable- pond of water, out of
 which some huge cart-horses, relieved
 from plough, were splashing; the
 screams of geese, flapping their wings
 when thus disturbed, and flying over
 the wide greensward that bordered the
 road; an open gate leading into a large
 foldground; and an extensive orchard
 of apple, pear and cherry-trees, showed
 that he was coming upon a large farm;
 and lie had proceeded only a few paces
 further when lie saw the house before]
 him. It was one ofnhose old-fashioned
 farm-houses which had evidently once i
 been the dwelling of some considerable
 family, the manor-house belonging to
 some large domain. The building was
 of timber, and the huge beams painted
 red, with the intervals white; and the
 long roof was terminated at each end
 by immense gables, very richly orna
 mented with carved weed, and in which
 were some fine old oriel windows; and
 the peaks and points of the rest of the
 building might be seen towering above
 the roof, interspersed with quaintly or
 namented and twisted chimneys. The.e
 was a very handsome old porch adjoin
 ing the centre of this front, and before
 it lay an old-fashioned garden, which
 reached to the road, from which it was
 separated by thick and closely-cut
 yew hedge, ornamented at the corners
 and along the sides with pinnacles and
 other devices of topiary work. A few
 low walls, covered with trained fruit
 trees, divided this garden at regular in
 tervals, and a straight gravel walk ran
 up the middle to the door, cutting these
 walls at right angles, and with a flower
 border on each side, filled with common
 but gaudy flowers, sweet peas, lupines,
 lychnises, roses, and so on. The gar
 den was very gaudy,with polyanthuses,
 auriculas, narcissuses, tulips, and all
 sorts of gay spring flowers, and seemed
 to extend to the other side of the house,
 where the trees ©f a second orchard
 were discernible. There was a huge
 mastiff’ asleep before the porch. The
 foldyard might be seen from the road,
 and all sorts of rural noises were to be
 heard proceeding from it—poultry cack
 ling, doves cooing, pigs grunting, and
 cattle softly lowing; little calves were
 running about, and a great many men
 and boys busily occupied here and
 there: all the activity and stir of a very
 large farm going, on.— Angelia, by the
 author of Emilia Windham.
THE MOCKING BIRD.
 This extraordinary bird is peculiar
 to the new world, inhabiting a con
 siderable portion of North and South
 America. A warm climate and a low
 country seem most congenial to their
 nature; they are accordingly more nu
 merous in the Southern-than in the
 Northern States. The berries of the
 red cedar, myrtle, holly, gum berries,
 gall berries, and a profusion of others,
 with which the luxuriant swampy thick
 ets of those regions abound, furnish
 them with a perpetual feast. Winged
 insects, also, which abound there, even
 in winter, form a favorite part of their
 food.
 The mocking bird builds his nest in
 different places, according to the lati
 tude in which he resides. A solitary
 thorn bush, an almost impenetrable
 thicket, an orange tree, cedar or holly
 bush, are favorite spots. Always ready
 to defend, but never over-anxious to
 conceal his nest, he very olien builds
 within a small distance of a house, and
 not unfrequently in a pear or apple
 tree, rarely higher than six or seven
 feet from the ground. The nest is com
 posed of dry twigs, weeds, straw', wool
and tow, ingeniously put together, and
 lined with fine fibrous roots. During
 the time when the female is setting,
 neither cat, dog, animal or man can
 approach the nest without being at
 tacked. But the whole vengeance of
 j the bird is directed against his mortal
 j enemy, the black-snake. Whenever
 this reptile is discovered, the male darts
 upon it with the rapidity of an arrow, I
 dexterously eluding its bite, and striking
 it violently and incessantly on the
 j head, where it is very vulnerable. The
 i snake becomes sensible of its danger,
 and seeks to escape; but the intrepid
 l] bird redoubles his exertions, and as the
 snake’s strength begins to flag, he
 seizes and lifts it up from the ground,
 beating it with his wings, and when the
 business is completed, he returns to his
 t nest, mounts the hush, and pours out a
 torrent of song in token of victory. So
 tj perfect are his imitations of other birds,
 1 i that a listener would suppose the whole
 feathered tribe assembled together for
 i a trial of skill.

 J CHINESE FORTUNE-TELLER.
 The fortune-teller is a cunning ras
 ljcal; he is seated under an awning, be-
 fore him bis magic mirror, hooks, pen-
 M cils, ink, &amp;c. So intent is he on his
 studies, that the vociferations of a coun
 try-looking bumpkin, which have at
 traded a crowd of gazers, have failed
 to awaken him. Slowly he rouses him
 self frorp the trance of his meditations,
 3 and with a mysterious shudder and start
 "j he excuses himself hastily, shuts his
 tj book with an air, talks of the spirits
 having deceived him, in causing him to
 believe that a poor man, destined to
 fill a high office, humbly awaited him at
 the gate of celestial bliss; is much sur
 prised when his clownish customer calls
 t upon him to unfold his prophetic powers,
 and relate what heaven may have in
 i store for him. Having asked him ifhe
 1 is sure they have not met before, which
 I question confirms the bumpkin in the
 opinion that he must have been the
 cause of this extraordinary vision, he
 places a stool for him opposite, and then
 j commences the divination of. futurity.
 After asking a few questions, he places
 his mirror so as to reflect the heavens,
 i and inscribes thereon certain mystic
 signs, these he continually changes
 (having, referr ed to a number of books
 j and talking all the time aloud,) writing
 I now and then on a slip of paper; he at
 last fills up all he requires, and hands
 it to the delighted and deluded simple
 ton then falling into a reverie awaits
 the arrival of another, who is not slow
 in arriving.; one fool makes many, and
 the tradd is a one.— Forbes's
 China.
TIIE BEST KIND OF EXERCISE.
Of all kinds of exercise, walking is
 that which is the most universally at
 tainable, and at the same time the best, f
 Calling so many muscles into action,
 and especially those of the lower ex
 tremities, of which the circulation is apt
 to be more languidly and imperfectly
 performed, from Hhe degree of resist-!
 since presented by the force of gravity
 to the return of the blood to the heart
 —calling, moreover, so much of the
 moving apparatus of the body into re
 ciprocal and balanced action, flexor and
 extension muscles being corresponding
 ly exercised—walking is undoubtedly
 the best of all exercises for the pur
 poses of health; independently of its
 secondary, and by no means little use
 ful effect, of carrying tHe respiratory j
 organs into freer and purer air, and
 exposing the system to the extraordina-
 ry, and, at least in the colder and tem
 perate countries of the earth, the
 healthful influence of the direct rays of
 the sun. The degree of the exercise
 must, of course, vary with the age j
 condition, and habits of the individual;
 but the decree of exercise that is in
 O j
 most cases servicable, is generally
 much linden ate d. Two miles a day is
 the minimum distance which a person of
 moderate health and strength ought to
 walk. If the powers of the system in
 crease, or are stronger to begin with,
 the minimum ought to be four miles.—
 The object should be, in most cases, to
 walk the four miles in an hour; and the
 invalid beginning perhaps by walking a
 mile, or a mile and a half, in an hour,
 might gradually increase his rate of
 walking, until he had accomplished
 this end. Quick walking calls more
 muscles into action than slow walking
 does, and is therefore better. The
 muscles of the back and trunk, neck
 and arms, are comparatively very little
 used in walking. A person can hardly
 walk quickly without using them to a
 very considerable degree. It is a
 maxim so sound and important as to de
 serve frequent repetition, that the
 greater the number of muscles used,
 the more advantageous will he the
 exercise. The majority of people are
 wont to think too much of the other
 kinds of locomotive exercise—as car
 riage exercise, riding on horseback,
 and sailing—too little of walking. Rob
 inson on Diet and Regimen.
TIIE CUP OF COLD WATER.
 A young Englishwoman was sent to
 France to be educated in a Huguenot
 school in Paris. A few evenings be
 fore the fatal massacre of St. Bartholo
 mew’s Day, she and some of her young
 companions were taking a walk in some
 part of the town where there were sen-
 tinels placed, perhaps, on the walls;
 and you know that when a soldier is on
 guard he must not leave his post until
 he is relieved, that is, till another sol
 dier comes to take his place. One of
 the soldiers, as the young ladies passed i
 him, besought them to have the charity j
 to bring him a little water, adding that
 he was very ill, and that it would be as
 much as his life was worth to go and
 fetch it himself. The ladies walked on,
 much offended at the man for presuming
 to speak to them, all but the young
 Englishwoman, whose compassion was
 moved, and who, leaving her party,
 procured some water, and brought it to;
 the soldier. He begged her to tell him
 her name and place of abode, and this
 she did. When she rejoined her com
 panions, some blamed and others ridi
 culed her attention to a common soldier; j
 but they soon had reason to lament
 that they had not been equally compas
 sionate, for the grateful soldiercontriv
 ed, on the night of the massacre, to
 save this young Englishwoman, while
 all the other inhabitants of the house
 she dwelt in were killed.
QUiccrtiscmcntß.
UNIVERSE COOKING STOVES.
 THE Subscribers are manufacturing this invaluable
 Cooking Stove, designed for Coal or Wood,
 warranted to excel any other stove ever invented,
 and constructed strictly upon philosophical principles.
 The Oven heated by hot air, (the only hot air oven
 ever patented,) and warranted to bake as well as
 any brick oven. For sale only by the undersigned,
 wholesale and retail, 34, Exchange Street.
 H. BUSH CO.
 OWETMOIuns- CITY BINDERY
 1\ TK E Mnn F MUSEUM late FISHER MORRIS.
 VI was in the employ of Mr. Marcu*
 1 I&lt; r seven years, and during that time
 snpfi'T dver Medals, for the best
 Cp of **°ok Binding, exhibited at the Me
 chanics Fairs held in this city and Buffalo.
 Gentlemen s Libraries fitted up and repaired
 1 f'T U Cd Muslc and Periodicals bound
 and finished to any pattern. Blank Account Books
 executed at this establishment have given unequalled
 satisfaction, by their durability and elegance. Strict
 attention is always paid to the quality of paper used
 to render them equal to the best in the United States’'
 or those imported.
 Ladies’ Scrap and Guard Books, Albums and
 Portfolios, in all their varieties, manufactured to
 order in the best style.
 Banks, Institutions, Societies, &amp;c., may be
 assured of work being done on the most advantageous
 terms.
 Gentlemen residing at a distance, by packing and
 forwarding volumes to the above directions, stating
 price and style, may rely upon their being well bound
 on the most favorable terms, also carefully and
 punctually returned.
 N-B. The proprietor has spared no expense iin
 fitting up the establishment, and introducing into*
 Western New Aork the latest improvements ini
 Book Binding.
 OWEN MORRTS,
 City Bindery, under the Museum..
BOSTON ADVERTISEMENTS.
CLARKSON,
 LONDONSEDITION—WITH PORTRAIT.
 A FEW copies of CLARKSON’S HISTORY
 OF TIIE ABOLITION OF THE SLAVE
 TRADE, with prefatory remarks on the subsequent
 abolition of Slavery; a beautiful London edition,
 with a fine Portrait of the Author, done on steel, —a
 book which could not he imported for less than three
 dollars, can lie had at 21, Cornhill, if applied for
 immediately, at the very low pi ice of On e Doll a r
 cash. Also, EVLOGIUM ON CLARKSON, by
 Alexander Crummell, at the reduced price oh
 twelve and a half cents.
"D OBERT MORRIS, Jr., Attorney and Coun
 -I-V sellor at Law, Brazer’s Building, State Street.
JOSEPH IL TURPIN would invite the attentions
 J of his friends and the public to his DAGUER
 RIAN GALLERY, JYo. 138, Hanover Street, where
 lie pledges himself to execute Miniatures with a life
 like finish, and on as moderate terms as any others,
 •i the profession.
MACON B. ALLEN, Attorney and Counsailbn
 at Law, Massachusetts Block.
BOYS’ CLOTHING.
 OAMLEL W ILSON, 14, Brattle Street, having
 O made recent additions to his stock, is prepared tt»
 furnish S’ CLOTHING,, of as good material
 and fit, and at as cheap piicos,as can be obtained ux
 the city.
NEW ENGLAND SECOND HAND
 CLOTHING STORE,
 No. 56, Union Street, Boston.
 JOHN WRIGHT keeps constantly on hand a&gt;
 great variety of New and Second Hand Clothing.
 Goods of ail kinds, such as old clothes, W. I. goods,
 Watches, Boots and Shoes, &amp;c., exchanged for new
 clothing. Cash advanced on all kinds of goods,
 from one to. one liundi&gt;ed dollars.
JOHN D. REVALEON, Hair Cutting Saloon,
 v and Perfumery Emporium, 11,4, Blackstane-st.
THE DELAWARE ABOLITIONIST.
 A PAPER of she above name w ill fce published in
 Wilmington, by the Delaware Anti-Slavery
 Society. It will be edited by a Committee, and will,
 be published on a half medium sheet, at twenty-five
 cents pe year, or for twenty-four numbers. Itwill|le.
 devoted to emancipation in Delaware, and will ad
 vocate its accomplishment by all lawful means. 7t
 will be published semi-monthly, if means are af
 forded, or as often as the means can be obtained,,
 JAMES B. BROOKE
 Publishing A genii.
NORTHAMPTO^HV ATEIi CITE.'
 Electricity and Hydropathy.
 'THE public sire respectfully infoii.sed, That since
 4- the philosophical deductions of the learned Dr_
 Means:, of Emmy College, Ca., and the scientific
 experiments of Mr. Jleinmer of England,** have'
 recently and indubitably establish'd the fact, tl att
 the conclusions at which the undersigned at rived 1 y\
 the sense of touch, in 1844, ate in hattnony with
 natural and physiological laws—to wit, that then
 human body, in a healthy condition, is in a paitiva
 electrical state, and that the electrical emanations
 horn the cttticular surface, indicate health, or the
 symptoms aad characJer «fi disease—there is D,e
 reason to hope, that certain physicians, ignorant of
 these principles or natural laws, a Know ledge of
 w hich is essential to the safe and intelligent ractice
 ol the healing art, will cease their vociferations
 against the positive e rectrical state of the
 human body, and will hesitate to dissuade th,o.sfts
 ho in they have failed to relic re af their comply jsts^’
 I from seeking nature’s remedy at the Northamp
 ton Water Cere. Thus sustained by the light
 of science, the undersigned may he permitted !m«j
 to repeat his experience, that, in all cases where the
 w rist, stomach, or lungs, are in the electro-negative
 condition, the atient is beyond the power of water
 to afford relief. On the other hand, when tin parts:
 of the body alluded to, are in the electio-positive.
 state, however disarranged, there is gropnd to hope
 for a cure.
 Ifad not the results of past years* prarttwe
 already convinced the public of the safety or truth-,
 fulness of the principles by which the undersigned is.
 governed, in detecting the symptoms aad character
 of disease, and practising the cure, the recent scien
 tific demonstration of their correctness, by Professor-
 Means and Mr, Hemmer, could not fail to convince
 the most incredulous.
 Gratefully appreciating the credit so generously
 awarded for his success as a Hydropathic Practi
 tioner, by a discerning public, and the gratitude
 evinced by those whom he lias had the pleasure to
 relieve of their complaints, the undersigned will,
 assiduously endeavor to sustain the credit, and merit-
 that gratitude, in the ease of every invalid who may
 afford him an opportunity to effect a cure, by his,
 original and philosophical method of practice.
 The Northampton Water Cure is pleasantly situ
 ated near Bensonville, on the west hank of Licking
 Water, or Mill River, about two and a half mil«
 from the centre of the town. It is conveniently
 arranged, with separate parlors, bathing and dress-,
 ing-rooms, for Ladies and Gentlemen, well ventil
 ated and conveniently furnished lodging rooms, and
 a variety of baths, supplied with water, which, for
 abundance, purity, and adaptedness to water-cure
 purposes, is miisui passed by that of any other est#-.
 rilisliment in this country. The scenery in this
 j vicinity is picturesque and romantic. There are a
 variety of pleasant walks, sufficiently retired, to,
 allow water-cure patients to appear as they should,.
 plainly dressed, enjoying their rambles without
 being exposed to public gaze or observation.
 Among the complaints which are here successfully
 treated, are headache, tendency of blood to the head,
 cold extremities, general and nervous debility, bron-
 I chilis, pulmonary affection, liver complaint, jaitn
 dice, acute or chronic inflammation of the bowels, k
 piles, dyspepsia, general debility, nervous and spinal
 affections, inflammatory and chronic rheumatism,
 neuralgia, sciatica, lame limbs, paralysis, fcieis, salt
 rheum, scrofulous and erysipelas humors.
 All patients who visit this establishment for a
 j course of treatment, should furnish themselves with
 j three comfortables, three woollen blankets, one or
 two linen and three cotton sheets, two pillow cases,
 six or eight crasli towels, some well worn linen, to
 cut for fomentations, an old cloak or mantle, an urn-.
 brella, and a pair of slippers.
 Terms for treatment and board are $5 50 to
 $8 50 per week, payable weekly—washing extra.
 Patients requiring extra attention or fire in their
 rooms, (except for swathing purposes,) will furnish
 their own nurses and fuel, or pay an extra prire.
 D. RUGGLES.
 Northampton March 1848.
 N.B. Visitors to the Establishment, from the.
 eaSt, west, or south, can take the cars of the Conn.
 River Railroad at Springfield. Carriages will
 always be in readiness at the Northampton depot, to,
 convey them hither.
 The human blood, in a normal and healthy con
 dition of the Human system, is in a positive state
 w hich is constantly maintained by the activity of the
 generating sources within—an excess generally pass
 ing off in silence from the cuticular surface, so that
 out of 356 experiments made by Mr. Hemmer of
 England, upon the uncovered skin,’* 822 indicated
 the presence of positive electricity. This surplusage
 of the fluid upon the surface, we believe to be indis
 pensable to the healthful condition of the whole
 animal economy, and that when, from any cause, is
 is diminished or ceases, diseased action ensues.’*
 See address, delivered before the Medical College of
 Georgia, at the opening of its annual session, Nov.
 8, 1847, by A. Means, A.M., M.D., Professor of
 Chemistry and Pharmacy, and Professor of Physical
 Science in Emory College, Ga., page 25. J
"
