"FREDERICK DOUGLASS, i
 M K. DELANY, j E»ito»».
VOL. I. NO. 25.
The WORTH STAR i* pafeli'ked even
 Friday, at Wo. 3S, Rnffalo Street,
 (Opposite ike Arcade.)
 TERM*.
 Two dollar* pw annum. /i«k jv&lt; advance. Nf
 puW rifrii hi will he ree*i*«l fi&gt;r a k**s term t!»r
 •is month*.
 AdvenwetMSto not extusediinj ten tin** iiwru*
 three times f.te «*ne dollar; every inser
 tion, twenty-fire rents.
 Tn». of the Non rs Star wilt he tonttock
 SI.AEIRE in it. form* ••l wpect*; adrocate
 Upivekial Emaxcieatio* exalt Uw iUndard
 of Pcrlic M *ralitt; promote the moral ami in
 tellectual of the f’oi.onr.lt I* Eo r L K
 a.d ha.-rn ik* .lay of FREEDOM to the Three
 Million of our Emi.atlu Fellow Cocx
 rtm’i.
 PUBLISHER** NOTICES.
 tyy- All commuliratiotw rrlatinE to the bwnnr**
 mat: ere of th« p-tjier, name* of s«b*&lt; rihrr*, remit
 tance*, lie., n'eailil be ail.lreeeed ta William C,.
 N ell. Publisher.
 fry and all other* nemling name*, are
 to ho accurate, and gire th- Past Ojjvt,
 he County, an I the St ilt. Each Sutißcrilier it, im
 mediatelv credite f,r in tev r»“ceived.
 r jy anv per* .n Rending in the jiayment for four
 auhACiiber*, to lie forwarded to one address, ina\
 hav« a fifth copy for one year.
 fy- All letters and coin nunicatioua roust lie post
 paid.
 LIST OF AGENTS.
 Massachusetts.—R. F. Walratt,2l,CorahiH,
 UaAton: N riii.iti J di.won, New Be Iford II .rati W.
 Foster, Lovell; Jauu- N. B i f.im, l.yim; George
 Eraus. Worcester Bonne* Sooo-ier, Plymouth;
 Charles M. Seth, Spri igfifl 1 David ili'jglcß,
 Northampton; H. Carpenter, 1 pt &gt;*i.
 M»i*e. —Oliver Dennett. Portland.
 Verxost.—Rowland T. Robinson, North Fer-

 Cove ecticbt. —Jonathan Le inar-f, New Haven
 New If sMPsmite. —Weare Tappan, Bra Ifiml.
 New VoitK.—Sv iney If. Gav, 142, Nassau
 ssi r ,*et; Ja »i.*« M CuV 03. We-t Broadway;
 f «se|ilt Post. We*ih i tf teea County Mary Har
 per, Ali.r iv; Elias I) .ty, &gt;1 ice Willetts Keese,
 Pent, «'li rios Co-1 itv Wi"i .n S. Baltin! »re, Trny;
 i F. plot, Penn V'an; J. Jo mv, Geneva; E. L.
 J*l.tt, Bath.
 Rnnar Islam*.— A aaranev Paine, Providence.
 Pexvsvf.VA vi a.—J. M. M’Kim,3l, North Fifth
 Street, Pnil i ielphta G. W loi tes, 8, F.xcUa ige j
 Pi te, Ditto; I. Vasin i, B. Bown, Piu-lmrg;
 Willi, n W ip-*:. 4 ittnhia; Lair R iherts, Jacob
 L. P»\ u Vnr owa, M Mitgoinery County, Miloj
 A. Tow ie i Bii^hton.
 Ohio.— u D mal ison, Cincinnati; G.
 Carter, Ditto; A all-.tine Nicholson, Harveysburgh,
 Warren t'. i.. ,Si rnicl Brooke, Salem.
 Michiu \v. —R ilwi* B i lks. Detroit.
 Indiana. J P. Davis, Economy, Wayne Co.
Selections.
SPEECH OF HON. J. R. GIDDINGS.
 On the l/tli to pay thr Executrix of Benjamin Hedges,
 deceased, for a Slave uho left his master in Prince
 Georges county, in August, 1844, and was sup
 posed to have escaped on hoard the British Fleet.
 [concluded.]
 Jiut, sir, I will express my thanks to
 the gentleman From South Carolina for
 bringing this subject before us in its
 ■present form. It is now under consid
 eration, and must he disposed of; and
 I most devoutly thank iny. God that he I
 has permitted me to see*a time when
 northern men must act; when there is
 no way of evading this question; when
 the doughfaces of this body will be
 constrained to vote on this identical
 question; and that such action will he
 public, and their votes placed on record
 so that their constituents and the coun
 try may know and bear witness to the
 question before us. Will they vote to
 tax their constituents, at the dictation of
 southern members, to pay for a fugitive
 slave who ran away from Maryland 30
 years ago? They must do it, or they
 must refuse to do it. They must now
 serve God or Mammon. They can no
 longer act both ways. The subject will
 soon be decided by the monosyllables,
 yes, or no, to be pronounced by each
 member.
 It has been said that we de.-irc to
 keep this money in the treasury. I,
 sir, have no such wish. God forbid; it
 is the price of blood. It was obtained
 from Great Britain by the Executive,
 without consulting this body. The
 treaties and conventions were nego
 tiated, and the money obtained by the
 treaty-making power, with which we
 have no right to interfere. The Presi
 dent and Senate undertook to act as the
 agent and attorney of those slavehold
 ers. They obtained the money from
 Great Britain; they have paid out all
 but two thousand dollars; let them dis
 pose of that as they please. If the
 gentleman who reported this bill will
 modify it so as to let the President dis
 pose of the remainder to whom and as
 he pleases, I will vote for it. lie is a
 slaveholder; he understands this deal
 ing in human flesh; I do not. Eet him
 have the money, and let him pay it
 out. I will have uotniug to d with such
 business.
 I differ fr»&gt;m my honorable friend'
 from Vermont, who gave us such a
 lucid expose of this treaty and its stip
 ulations. 1 understood him to say,that
 if the committee would take the case i
 again into consideration, and show such t
 facts as will bring this slave within the
 provisions of our treaty with Great
 Britain, lie will vote to pay for him.—
 fiir, 1 will do no such thing. I will not,
 in iny capacitty as a legislator, acting
 ns the representative of freemen, de
 grade myself, while sitting in this Hall,
 by an inquiry into the price and value
 of our common humanity. 1 will not
 disgrace my constituents, while acting
 under their high commission, by enter
 mg upon an inquiry as to the title-i
 ee s y which one man holds another
 as property. *ii| n(Jt g t j iere t(J
 quire a» t, the value in dollars and
 m lu,ll!U bones and muscles,
 blood and a,new, N he
 tor/ of our legislation .hall not bear to 1
 pooling generations the fact, that the
 twentieth congressional d.otrict of Ohio
 at this age ot the world, w,th the light'
 and knowledge which now beam, noon i
 us, waa disgraced by ,u rep re n(allve
 in thui Hall entering upon b Uc h au in
 quiry. My constituents do not estimate
 inan, the child of immortality, created
 in the image of his God, with bis ex
 alted nature, his undying intellect, by 1
 the value of sordid dust.
 I wish to address some inquiries to
THE NORTH STAR,
r the honorable chairman of the commit
 tee who reported that bill, [Mr. Smith
 of Connecticut.] He appears to hav&lt;
 united in this extraordinary report
 1 which estimates the value of this mai
 at twj hundred and eighty dollars.—
 That gentleman is from Connecticut—
 from the very county in which mv pa
 rents long resided. I should like t&lt;
 inquire of him the price current of hu
 manity in that land of steady habits.—
 By what rule does he arrive at the valui
 I of men? Is he governed by the bril
 j liancy of their virtues?—by their intel
 lectual endowments? Docs he estimaU
 men by their religious devotion, or b)
 their learning? Is he guided by theii
 complexion? If so, which is the mosi
 1 valuable, black or white or is a mix
 ture of blood to be preferred? Whal
 price, in gold and silver, does he place
 upon lus constituents? How would he
 sell them? Sir, I feel humbled when I
 see northern Representatives consent
 to enter upon this slavedealing legisla
 tion, and become the instruments of the
 slave-power, to strike down the honor,
 the dignity, and independence of the
 northern States. I appeal to northern
 De Minerals and northern Whigs: by
 wiiat rule are you governed when you
 decide upon the value of your brother
 man t When inquired of by your con
 stituents as to your estimate, will you
 say that he was valuable on account ol
 his political principles? That he was
 a supporter of Mr. Polk, or of Mr.
 Clay? And when they ask you if you
 believe that self-evident truth, that all
 men are born equal, what will be your
 answerr Will you, like honest men,
 admit that »u have contributed your
 vote fu tai\e Ui! m &lt;nc\ 1; "in their pock
 ets to p.iv I &gt;r aoijUrTu slaves? If you
 do. i apprehend tuey will tell you,
 hereativr, to deal on your own account,
 while trading in human i! sh, and not to
 use then tulids for such purpose.
 But this bill is based upon the prin
 ciple, that under our Federal Constitu
 tion, man may hold his feliow-man as
 property. I speak not of the slave
 Stales, but of the Federal Government.
 I deny that we possess the power, un
 der the Coiistituti m, to liubrute our
 fellow-men and r&lt; u r them property—
 that we have pow-.i i disrobe man of
 the dignity in which lie was created,
 tear from him the rights which God has
 given him, and deliver him over to the
 arbitrary will of his brother man, to
 toil at another’s bidding* cringe beneath
 his owner’s lash, tremble at his frown,
 and be sold at his will. Such powers
 have not4»ecn granted us by the people
 of this nation. Such doctrines .cahoot
 find support in,this Hall ut the present
 age of the world.
 Mr. Holmes, of South Carolina, (in
 terrupting Mr. Giddings,) said that the
 southern States would hold their slaves
 as property, in spite of any act of the
 Federal Government, or the efforts of
 Northern abolitionists.
 Mr. Giddings. I have nothing to do
 with the Southern States; they control
 their own policy; their barbarism has
 no relation to iny duties as a member of
 Congress. If they see fit to make one
 halt* of their people the property of the
 other half, we cannot interfere with
 their laws. If, with the inhabitants of
 the Fejee Islands, they become canni
 bals and eat each other, we have not
 the power to prohibit such revolting
 practice by our legislation. All we
 can do is, to see that they shall not dis
 grace nor degrade this Government,
 nor the people of the free States, either
 by their slavery or their cannibalism.—
 Our motto is, Keep your slavery,
 vour disgusting barbarity, within your
 own States! Bring it not into this Hall,
 nor attempt to involve us in its burdens
 or its crimes.” I repeat that we are
 not now acting under the Constitutions
 of either of the slave or of the free
 States, hut under our Federal com
 pact. I he formation of that instrument
 was preceded by a long and ardent
 struggle b&gt;r freedom, for the rights of
 humanity.
 In looking back to the darker and
 more barbarous ages, when w'ar was
 regarded as the only honorable employ
 ment of mankind, we find that slavery
 existed: and the prisoner captured in
 war and held as a slave by his captor,
 was considered as property. At that
 period, when moral darkness enshroud-*
 ed the minds ol men and shut out from 1
 them an understanding of their nuturai
 rights, the opiui &gt;n that slaves were pro- 1
 petty was g« n i &lt;l, and no one doubted;
 its correctness. I sav n&gt;one I mean
 none but the learned. except the
 philosophers; for Aristotle, mhisdavj
 with a mind enlightened by study and
 reflection, although .he lived in a bar
 barous age, long prior to the Christian
 era, denied the doctrine so zealously!
 maintained in this Hall to-day by south
 ern gentlemen. The Immaculate Na
 zarene declared that one object of His
 Divine mission was, to proclaim lib
 erty to the captive.” He, too, com
 batted this doctrine of oppression,
 which, through ages i jJ centuries of
 intellectual darkness,r.moed a portion of
 our race of their inalienable rights,and
 which is now advocated in this body
 with mortf zeal than it was among the
 Jews eighteen hundred years since.—
 Even at a comparatively recent period,
 some learned and intelligent men held
 this doctrine, now* so abhorrent to every
 friend of freedom. As late as 1749,
 Lord Hardwich, of England, held that
 trover lay in the English Courts for a
 slave brought from the West Indies
 into England. When, in 1776, Gran
 ville Sharpe published his first easava
 denying this doctrine, it was looked
 upon aa ujtraism, as opposed to the
 doctrine of English law, to the princi
 ple# expressed by Lord Hardwich,
 and Sharpe was regarded as s fanatic.
 At that time no lawyer dared to rise in
 a British court and deny that man could
 hold property in man on British soil.
RIGHT IS OP NO SEX—TRUTH IS OF NO COLOR—GOD IS THE FATHER OF US ALU AND ALL WE ARE BRETHREN
When, in 1709, Somerset was brotigb
 up before Lord Mansfield on a “habea
 corpus,” and the sole claim for his free
 dom was the great fundamental truth
 that God had created him free, andtha
 no statute exist*! in England by w hicl
 he could be deprived of that libertj
 which God had given him, his lordabi|
 saw the force of this heaven-bon
 truth; his brilliant mind comprehended
 its bearing, and the effect it must hav&lt;
 on mankind. Still he hesitated, remand
 ed Somerset, and endeavored to avoid i
 direct decision of the point by advising
 the parties to compromise the matter.—
 For more than two years he refused t&lt;
 declare the opinion of theoourt. A
 length he gave judgment in favor of tlu
 natural and inherent right of man tc
 the enjoyment of his liberty. Speaking
 of slavery, he said, “It is so odious,
 that nothing but prsitive law can be suf
 fered to support it.”
 On the 4th of July, 1776, our fathers
 assembled in solemn convocation, de
 nied the doctrine so strenuously advo
 cated here to-day, and with unanimous
 voice proclaimed it a self-evident truth
 that “all men are born equal; that they
 are endowed by their Creator with cer
 tain inalienable rights; that among those
 rights are life, liberty, and the pursuit
 of-happiness.”
 Sir, no evasion, no sophism, can
 break the force, or impair the perspicu
 ity of this language. It proclaimed
 slavery to be a transgression of the
 laws of nature and of nature’s God.—
 These undying truths took strong hold
 upon the public mind of this nation and
 of civilized man. They strike at the
 existence of property in man. Wherev
 er these truths are acknowledged, sla
 very itself cannot exist.
 Eleven years after these doctrines
 were recognized as the basis of Ameri
 can liberty and government, the pres
 ent Constitution was adopted. The
 framers of that instrument had passed
 through a seven years’ war, had en
 countered danger and toil, and great
 suffering, to establish upon a perma
 nent basis the doctrines they had pro
 claimed in 1776. We have now reach
 ed an important period of our history as
 regards this doctrine of property in
 man.
 Mr. Madison, in his papers, informs
 us that on Wednesday, August iial,
 the convention proceeded to consider
 the report of the Committee of Detail,
 in relation to duties on exports, a capi
 ation tax, and a navigation act., The
 iourth section reported as fol
 ows:
 No tax or "duty shall be.laid by
 he Legislature on articles exported
 rom any State, nor on the migration
 lor importation of such persons as the
 several States shall think proper to ad
 nit; nor shall such migration nor itn
 &gt;ortation be prohibited.’
 Mr. Gerry thought we had nothing
 o do with the conduct of the States as
 o slavery, but we ought to be careful
 lot to give'any sanction.”
 Sir, will the members from Massa
 :husetts, the successors of Gerry, here
 o-day maintain the doctrine which he
 aid down? Will they refuse all sanc
 ion of slavery by refusing to legislate
 a its favor? Will they discard the
 proposition before us, as an indignity to
 lie representatives of freemen? I trust
 hey will. Mr. Madison informs us that
 ‘Mr. Sherman, of Connecticut, was
 imposed to any tax on slaves, as making
 the matter worse, because it implied
 :hey were property.”
 Sir, Mr. Sherman, that patriot of
 distinguished ability, of the most un
 sullied purity, of the highest devotion to
 aur country, would do no act which
 would sanction slavery, or imply that
 slaves were property. Since that day,
 more than sixty years have elapsed.—
 Sherman has long since been gathered
 to his fathers. His precepts and exam
 ples are left on record for our instruc
 tion. Light and knowledge have pro
 gressed, mankind are advancing in re
 finement; yet, Sir, an honorable mem
 ber of the House from Connecticut, a
 successorof her distingushed Sherman,
 the present chairman of an important
 committee of this body, one who has
 long served here, and who is about to
 be transferred to the other end of the
 Capitol, silently unites in reporting to
 this body a bill to tax his constituents
 ind the people of the north to pay for
 the body of a fellow' man as property.
 Sir, when the gentleman gets into the
 Senate,he and I shall be separated from
 2ach other. I shall be uuahle to fol
 ow him there, but I would now remind
 him of the example of his illustrious
 predecessor, and I would ask him if he
 intends to oppose to-day the doctrine of
 Sherman in 1787?
 I cannot withhold the expression of
 my regret that any northern member,
 particularly a northern Whig of expe
 rience, should have tacitly acquiesced
 in presenting to us a proposition
 so offensive to every sentiment of
 freedom.
 I appeal to the members from Con
 necticut to come forward to-dav in sup
 port of tbe doctrine which Sherman
 proclaimed at the adoption of the Con
 stitution. Will they acknowledge in
 direct terms, by voting for this bill, that
 slaves are property under the Federal
 Constitution? Sherman would do no
 act that could imply such an acknowl
 edgement, But let us trace the pro
 ceedings of the convention a little
 further.
 The discussion, it will be observed,
 turned upon the peculiar phraseology
 of the second part of the report, which,
 in classifying slaves as merchandise,
 seemed to imply that they were proper
 ty. No one expressed a desire that
 such an idea should be unbodied in the
 Constitution; on the contrary, there
 was a manifest desire on the part of the
 members of the Convention, so to shape
 the phraseology ss to exclude the eoa~
ROCHESTER, N. Y., FRIDAY, JUNE 16, 1848.
1 struction given to it by Mr. Sherman
 Mr. Madison, it seems, agreed with tha
 gentleman. He thus reports himself
 f Mr. Madiwon thought it wrong t&lt;
 admit in the Constitotion the idea tha
 there could be property, in man.
 Colonel Mason (in answer to Mr
 Gouvernear Morris.) The provision
 as it now stands, was necessary lor thi
 case of Convicts, in order to preveu
 the introduction of them.
 Still, the Convention was not satis
 fied, and it was finally agreed, nem
 eon., to have the clause read:
 M And a tax or duty may be impose&lt;
 on such importation, not exceeding
 for each person.’
 And then the second part, as
 amended, was agreed to.”
 Thus, sir, the Convention that framer
 the Constitution expressed their denial
 that slaves were property. They have
 left no doubt on that point; they would
 use no language which would leave an
 implication of the doctrine now con
 tended for by southern gentlemen. It
 was discarded by them, but it is now l
 urged upon us. “Mr. Madison thought
 it wrong to admit in the Constitution
 the idea that there could be property in
 men.”
 Sir, the gentleman from South Caro
 lina (Mr. YVoodward) asked with great
 emphasis, “If any member of that
 Convention was so stupid as to doubt
 the propriety of holding property in
 men.'” I answvr, James Madison, the
 father of the Constitution, a southern
 man, and afterwards President of the
 United States, has left on record his
 denial of that doctrine. I stand here
 now, the advocate of the principle
 maintained in 1778—maintained by the
 entire Convention that framed the Con
 stitution in 1787, including the illustri
 ous Madison, and Sherman, and Gerry.
 YY here are the representatives of Y'ir
 ginia to-day YY here the successors of
 YY ashington, of Jefferson, of Henry,
 and of Madison? Sir, the representa
 tives of that Old Dominion,” the
 mother of Statesmen and of States,
 now stand here as the advocates of op
 pression, degradation, and abject sla
 very: They,* sir, denying the doc
 trines of the Constitution—the doc
 trines of YY r ashington and his compa
 triots—insist that one portion of man
 kind may own the other as property.
 Ah! sir, Yfirginia, has faHen; “the
 fine gold has become dim.” Her sons
 no longer lead thevhosis of freedom;
 tiyry have fewonjr hostile to the senti
 ments ot tneir fathers; her people
 breed men, hke oren, for the shambles;
 drive \ygn;en to market, and traffic in
 babes and children; moral darkness
 broods over her, anti physical desola
 tion reigns throughout her dominion.
 Sir, these arguments can have little
 effect upon Southern men. They can
 not and will not take any definite posi
 tion on this subject. To-day, they will
 insist that slaves arc not persons, but
 property. To-morrow, should a differ
 ent question come before us, they w ill
 insist that slaves are not property, but
 persons. 1 have for ten years been
 striving to find out w hat definite princi
 ple southern men hold on this subject,
 but I find they refuse to adhere to any
 principle whatever. They are some-!
 times one w r ay and sometimes the other i
 “Everything by turns, and nothing 1
 long,” as the saving is. And now’, sir, 1
 as an illustration of what I have stated,.;
 I venture to proclaim that not a mem
 ber south of Mason and Dixon’s line,
 dare rise in his place and say that he
 adopts the doctrine either that slaves
 are persons or that they are property.
 If suph a member be present, I chal
 lenge him to rise in his place and say
 which side of this question he will es
 pouse and adhere to; and I now offer
 for that purpose to yield the floor. Mr. 1
 Biddings paused.
 Mr. Y\ T oodward, of South Carolina,
 rose, and stated, in substance, that
 slaves were regarded as both persons
 and property.
 Mr. Biddings. Yes, they are a sort
 of amphibious animal—neither one nor j
 the other, but composed of both. They;
 are partly persons and partly things;
 part human and part inanimate. YVell,
 sir, this I call sitting on the fence.”!
 I was aware that gentb men could not
 be provoked to take any fixed position,
 in regard to slavery. The truth is
 slavery itself is an anomaly. It is op
 posed to all moral principle, as well as
 to natural rights, and can be reconciled
 to no rule of propriety. But to return
 to the Constitution- In every instance;
 in w hich reference to slaves is made in
 the Constitution, they are termed per
 sons. Thus, in fixing the ratio of re
 presentation, it provides that the num
 ber shall be ascertained by adding to
 the whole number of free persons, in
 cluding those bound to serve for a
 term of years, and excluding Indians
 not taxed, three-fifths of all other per
 sons. It is clear that the framers not
 only regarded slaves as persons, but
 they were spoken of as other [persons,
 thus placing them upon the same gen
 eral basis as fre'etnen. In the 9th sec
 tion of the first article, the Constitution
 provides, “the migration or im
 portation of such persons as any of the
 States shall thfnk proper to admit, shall
 not be prohibited until the year I5*W,
 Blc. Here, agaio, the language is care
 fully used to distinguish slaves from
 property. Again, in the second section
 of the third article, the Constitution
 provides: “No person held to service or
 labor ta one State under the laws there
 of and escaping into soother, shall, by
 any law or regulation thereof, he dis
 charged from such service or labor.”
 Thus, ta every instance in which the
 Constitution refers to slaves, they are
 designated as persons, coatr*-distin
 guishing them from property. We are
 not only informed that the framers re
 garded it as wrong to admit in the Con
 stitaftoo" that there coaid be property
in man,” but they carefully employed
 such language, in fraifting that instru
 ment, as to preclude such a presump
 i tioo. So clear have they left this »üb
 i ject, that no man who examines it can
 have doubts. Nor is the subject left at
 this point. The construction of the
 Constitution belongs to the judicial
 branch of the Government,
 t In the case of Groves vs. Slaughter
 and others, (15, Peters’ Reports, 449,)
 this question came distinctly before the
 Supreme Court of the United States.
 The Constitution of Mississippi bad
 prohibited the introduction oi abves
 I i into that State after a certain day.—
 Slaves were taken there and sold on a
 credit after the time allowed by the
 constitution of that State. Suit was
 commenced on the note gjven, in con
 sideration of the slaves. The defence
 set up, that the contract was illegal and
 void under the Constitution of that
 State, which prohibited the sale therein
 of slaves from without the State. The
 reply to this was, that slaves were pro
 perty, and therefore the State of Miss
 issippi had no power to prohibit their
 introduction intb the State, as the power
 to regulate commerce between the
 States belonged only to Congress.—
 In deciding the law', Judge McLean
 said:
 By the laws of certain States,slaves
 are treated as property; and the con
 stitution of Mississippi prohibits their
 1 being brought into that State by citi
 zens of other States for sale or as mer
 i chandise. Merchandise is a compre
 hensive term, and may include every
 article ol traffic, whether foreign or
 domestic, which is properly embraced
 by a commercial regulation. But if
 j slaves are considered in some of the
 States as merchandise, that cannot di
 vest them of the leading and controll
 ing quality of persons, -by which they
 are designated in the Constitution.—
 The character of the property is given
 them by the local law. This law is re
 spected, and all rights under it are pro
 tected by the Federal authorities; but
 the Constitution acts upon slaves as per
 sons, and not as property.”
 If slaves te property, slave markets
 may be opened in Boston, and Massa
 chusetts will have no power to prohibit
 t here the revolting scenes which are
 witnessed in this city*. If the doctrine
 contended for by southern men be cor
 rect, no £tate c aH exclude slave mar
 kets from Ho territory, of consecfate its
 sosi to freedom. well becomes south
 ern gentlemen to examine this subject
 before they base themselves upon the
 principle that slaves are property. Let
 that be established, and Congress will
 have the power to prohibit the internal
 slave trade at its pleasure. We may
 then take slaves from their masters as
 we do other property.
 Gentlemen from the slave States, be
 ing accustomed to regard slaves as pro
 perty, under their State laws, draw no
 distinction between the laws of the
 slave State* and those of the Federal
 Government. Persons educated in the
 slave States, coming into the office of
 President, or into either of the Execu
 tive Departments, or into either House
 of Congress, are likely to bring with
 them the views imbibed in such States.
 Thus we find that in some instances the
 President of the United States and oth
 er officers of the Government, have at
 times, without examination, regarded
 slaves as property; and, in some in
 stances, have paid the public funds for
 such slaves, not only without authority
 of law, but in opposition to the spirit
 and the letter of the Federal compact.
 The same officers, after having their
 attention called particularly to the sub
 ject, have seen their error, changed
 their practice, and refused to regard
 slaves as property. So, also, in some
 of our treaties, slaves are referred to
 in connection with other property.—
 Such language is used in the treaty of
 Ghent, to which I called the attention
 of this committee in the early part of
 my remarks. But in these cases the
 language was employed without refer
 ence to the relation which slavery holds
 to the Federal Constitution, as contra
 distinguished from the character it pos
 sesses under the Government of the
 States in w hich it exists.
 But if we examine the subject a little
 more closely, we shall find that slaves
 are not regarded merely as property in
 any part of the country. In every
 State of the Union they are punishable
 for crimes tfnder the State laws. Such
 is not the case with any species of pro
 perty. Murder may be committed upon
 slaves in any Statt?, and the murderer
 hanged therefor. But no such punish
 ment applies to the killing of any other
 species of property. Slaves in such
 States are, however, for certain pur
 poses, under their laws, regarded as a
 peculiar kind of property.” But the
 laws of those States are local, and have
 no bearing upon the relations which tha
 Federal Government holds to the insti
 tution. Slavery is the creature of mu
 nicipal law, and can extend no further
 than such municipal action has force.—
 It is, therefore, strictly confined to the
 jurisdiction creating it. So strictly is
 this rule of law observed by courts of
 justice, that if a slave escape from bis
 ma-ter on to free soil but for a moment,
 he becomes free forever. This is the
 case of Forbes vs. Cochran et. al.,
 (vise 2 Barnwell Si Cress well, 448,)
 Baylev, justice, remarked: Slavery is
 a local law, and therefore if a man wish
 to preserve his slaves, let him attach
 them to him by affix tioo, or make last
 the bars of their prison, or rivet well
 their chains; for the instant they gel
 beyond the limits where slavery is
 recognized by the local taws, they nave
 broken their chains, they have escaped
 from prison, they are free.” The same
 principles were decided in the ease of
 Somerset, (see 20 vol. State Trials,)
 and srs itmpiisd by tha coarts of the
U oited States, and by those of nearly
 aJI the several States of this Union
 Property may be taken by the ownei
 from one State to another or fiom ou»
 nation to another; bat if a man volun
 tarily take h» stave or send him to i
 free State, the moment hoenters svil
 State he becomes a freeman. Fron
 that moment the power ovei
 him ceases, and he can no more be eu
 slaved. The property in such case i
 instantaneously trandforiued into a per
 son. But to examine this question t
 little fort her Suppose the slaves u
 South Carolina, or of afl* the shivi
 States, should rise in the plenitude
 their power* assert their own rights
 and enslave the whites, they woul&lt;
 then become the owners, and thei
 present masters would be transformei
 into property, according to this slave
 holding logit-: TBoTHUTK?; "n,
 time to pursue this part of the eu&amp;jec
 further.
 I The gentleman from Maryland (Mr
 Chapman) has cited a case where tin
 twenty-eighth Congress passed a law
 directing payment to be mad to l)c
 -peyster and another for a slave lost ii
 the Florida war. This case is cited a:
 a precedent to show that we have re
 cognized slaves as property. I un
 self advocate the observance of pre
 cedents as strongly as any member o
 this House. I would deal out equa
 justice to all who pray for it. It is there
 fore proper, that we should look to th&lt;
 former practice of this body in relation
 to the question.
 After the close of the late war wit!
 England, in the year 181 ft, a law wa
 passed allowing compensation to own
 era of property lost or destroyed in tin
 public service during the existence o
 hostilities. Pending the bill, an amend
 ment was offered providing for the pay
 ment of slaves lost in the public ser
 vice. After discussion, the amendnien
 Wes rejected in Committee di tin
 Whole, only thirty rising in its favor
 Yes, sir; at that time only thirty mem
 bers of this House regarded slaves a
 property.
 Many petitions were sqbsequentlj
 presented, calling oh Congress to pai
 for slaves killed in the public service
 but no committee could Be found wht
 would report in tavor of such a claim
 In 1828—’29, the case of D’Auteirc
 came before the Cmumiftee of Claims
 Tbe "petitions* owned a slave, a hurst
 and a cart. On the day of the battle
 of New. Orleans, they were pressec
 into the public service. The slave am
 horse were killed, and the eart destroy
 ed by the cannon-shot of the enemy.—
 The owner then applied to Cbngres;
 for compensation. The committee, re
 ported in favor of paying for the hors&lt;
 and cart, but against paying Tar tin
 slave. When the bill came up in the
 House, an amendment wasoffered giv
 ing compensation for the slave. The
 subject was debated for weeks. Those
 who opposed the amendment, based
 their objections upon the distinct prin
 ciple that slaves were not property.—
 And the bill was finally laid upon the
 table by a latge majority.
 At a more recent period, in 1832,
 Francis Larcbe, of New Orleans, pre
 sented a claim precisely similar to that
 just quoted, and it was referred to the
 Committee of Claims. The committee
 in reporting upon the case, say, that
 they had caused examination to be
 made at the Treasury department, to
 see if slaves who had been killed in
 public service during the revolutionary
 war had been paid for; and they learned
 that no such instance could be found.
 They also cite many cases in which
 compensation bad been refused. Those
 cases were of the character to obtain
 the most favorable consideration; but
 no committee could in that day be found
 wtiling to admit the moral and constitu
 tional absurdity, that under our Federal
 compact slaves could be regarded as
 property. Yet, sir, they had not the
 advantages which we possess. The
 Madison Papers, setting forth the
 views of those who framed the Consti
 tution, were not then published; nor
 had the subject at that time been adju
 dicated in the Supreme Court. I wish
 the ear of every member of this body,
 when I assure them and the country,
 that from 1789 down to 1842, the com
 mittees of this body uniformly rejected
 all claims for slaves lost in the public
 service, regarding them as persons and
 not as property.
 In the 27th Congress, the claim of
 James Watson for slaves was commit
 ted to the Committee of Claims, of
 which l was myself a humble member.
 The friends of the claim by some means
 learned that the committee had ad ways
 reported against the payment for slaves.
 They therefore obtained the transfer of
 that case to the Committee on Indian
 Affairs, who reported a bill to pay for
 the slaves claimed by Watson. That
 report, made six years since, was the
 first in favor of paying for staves as
 property, so far as my knowledge ex
 tends, ever made to this body, under
 our present Constitution, or prior to its
 adoption. During that Congress, out
 other of the like character was made
 by the Committee on Territories. The'
 bill last mentioned was rejected, on a
 call of the ycaa and nays, after full di*-,
 cossion, only thirty-six votes being
 given ia its favor. No final rote was
 ever taken on any ocher case *of the
 kind, except the one referred to by the
 gentleman from Maryland, (Mr Chap
 ®*n») "tech pasted the Jtotb Congress.
 1 waa myself aware of |he nature of
 that bill, and ao was the lata venerable
 member from Massachosf Its, (Mr. Ad
 ame,] now deceased. We both intend
 ed to have made known to the Xlouse'
 if* character, hut f was called away **u
 one of those days when private bill*!
 were under consideration, so* Mr Ad
 ams’ IBiMidt wa* diverted fr» it by
 some means, and thm bill passed the
WILLIAM C. MI L,
 JOHN PICK, Pui'kir*.
WHOLE NO—*2s
House “ju*&amp; sihwNo,*’ no one ©bjf¥ffhg
 t&lt;&gt; it; and I presume a mem ln r
 H of the »*»dy prefer nbn linden*** d
 both the character rt tor bid and the
 practice ot the H&lt;Hto6 a mcii tl iua?,
 M was conscious ol u* pa**uga. If such
 11 members were hc:e, they &amp;mkrtJ it to
 pass without tailing tue apt niiuu ufi t).e
 house to it. Being, as i: v.t;c, thus
 smuggled through this body, it can
 e hive no force as a fitter rh ut. The
 whfle practice of Congress, when aft
 i 1 ing understanding!*, tiomthe adoptio n
 Pot the Constitutw.w to tine day, has
 r| been a denial of the doetriw- that aiavt
 if are property under our Federal Cowst i
 ,i tutiou. The decisions ot our c« uits
 l f are to the same edict, The Consitu
 •j tiou itself, iti every instance in a Inch it
 j refers to them, denominates them per
 sons, and not property. The Declara
 tion of Independence declares them to
 have been created equal with otirselves.
 The sentiments of the civilized world
 1 recognizes them as men, as brethren.—
 Vet we are called on to disregard ail
 these considerations, and to enter yptn
 an inquiry of the title by which oee
 I tnan holds another as property* ami to
 I determine the value oi chatuiized hti
 i inanity. Northmen tneuibers now see
 the respectful petitions of tens of tliou-
 I sands of their own constituents, pttty
 j ing to be released from the support ot
 slavery, disregarded end treated with
 silent contempt. They are sent to our
 committees; there they remain forever.
 From that bourne no traveller r&lt;
 turns.” The voice of humanity is there
 silenced; and those petitions, at the
 bidding of the slave power, sleep the
 sleep of death. No effort ol ours, no
 artifice of legislation which we can cx
 ert, can get the subject before this
 House. No exhibition of the crimes,
 the appalling gudt of the slave trade
 carried on in this city, before our eyes
 and before the nation, can provoke
 those committees to permit this body to
 pass judgment either for or against the
 prayers of hundreds ot thousands ot
 northern lovers of freedom: but a sin
 gle slaveholder sends his petition here,
 praying us to infolvc our people iu the
 burden of slavery in Maryland; to take
 the funds of northern philanthropists to
 pav for human flesh; and
 mittecs—even northern men on tho*e
 committees unite iu favor of., the
 ludtsurc; and* thirwhole My is at
 once engaged upon wkilHtritrvohrw our
 people still more.in the expense and in
 the crime of supporting that institution,
 not merely in this District, hut if» Ma
 ryland. Will northern Whigs, will
 northerh Democrats, meekly how to
 such dictation? W ill w e continue to do
 the bidding of southern ina*tci.~,
 in our othciul chaiaeter, cut* r upon
 this propost &lt;1 slavetradc No* k tl!-
 respept forbids it. Northern sentiment
 forbids it. The Constitution, our*oath
 1 of office, the age inf which we live, the
 opinion*of civilized men, (he law* of
 nature and the voice of Hod, foil.id
 that we shall prostrate the dignify ol our
 station thus to uphold nppressi n and
 encourage crime.
 PKOPLL OF MCDLKATL
 FOUTT.NL,
 If you are about to furnish a house,
 do not spend all your nu n* v, he it
 much or little. Do not let the beatify
 of this thing, and the cheapness of that,
 tempt you to buy unnecessary at tides.
 Dr. Franklin’s maxim was a wise one,
 “Nothing is cheap whiih \ou do nut
 want.”
 Buy merely what is absolutely neces
 sary, and let experience of your wants
 ami your means dictate what .shall be
 afterwards obtained. If you spend all
 at first, you will find you have bought
 many things you do not want, and
 omitted many you do want. Begin
 cautiously. As riche* increase, in
 crease iu hospitality and splendor; but
 it is always painful and inconvenient to
 decrease.
 After all, these things arc viewed in
 their proper light by the judicious and
 respectable. Neatness, taslefulnes*
 and good sc use, may be sbowu iu the
 management of a small household, ami
 the arrangement of a J.ttlo furniture, ns
 well as noon a large* scale. The* con
 sideration gained by living beyond one*
 income, is not actually worth the
 trouble it The glare there is
 about such false, wicked parade, is de
 ceptive.; it doe* net, in fact, procure
 valuable friend* or extensive influence.
 More than that, it i* wrong, morally
 wrong, so far as the individual is con
 cerned; and injurious, beyond calcula
 tion, to the interest* of our country.
 l*o what are the increasing beggary
 and discouraged exertions of the pres
 ent day owing? A multitude of causes
 no doubt tend to increase the evil*, but
 the root ot the whole matter is the ex
 travagance of all classes of people!
 W e never shall be prosperous, fill
 we have sufficient moral courage t«»
 make pride and vanity yield to the dic
 tate* ot honesty and prudence. We
 never shall be tree from embarrassment
 till we cease to be ashamed of industry
 and economy woman aid in tl.«
 needful reformation. Let iheir hus
 band* arid father* see them happy with
 out finery; and if their friend* have, e*
 i* often the case, a id* li*b pride m
 ing them decorated, let tie hi *ik uii*
 and gradually check tin* tee bar. by
 allowing that they have hetfer IM*M
 of commanding respect. Let the exer
 cise ofir genuify, economy and neatne**
 prove that go&lt;*u taste *ud gentility a&gt;
 attainable without great
 Mr* L. M tad./.
 H*rrne*« i* like manna; it is f© be
 gafhered in grains, and enjoyed eVfry
 day; **»4 ktep, ll
 i****&lt;v. y* a. tv 4,
 f c mu v v&amp;a a por#*:aha# 4,
 rasn. i &lt;l. an l*fc*d»*»*i
 doors, or reiher wrbts side them.
"
