"_ painted, though differing some
 in centime* f"* l hiin also the Louisville
 in venuiw
 which he believed was exerting a
 Examiner

 ration offered by the speaker em
 braced aplaP** tl ooa Redemption So
 tT said he, can the nation pros
 per till ttP 61 I**™* 1 u sincere and made mam
 Chairman announced Wm. W. Browi
 one eminently qualtficd to speak on th&lt;
 object of Amtiican slavery, having beet
 tong a victim of this peculiar institution.
 Mr. fiiowa presented himself as a slavr
 under the U. S. Constitution, which itwni
 merit now held three millions of his brelhret
 and sisters in cruel bondage. He was gist
 to enjoy the opportunity of addressing th&lt;
 working men, the ciaas which the slave powci
 would reduce to a level with its sable victims
 The laboring people of the south, whether
 Wack or white, were in a degraded condition.
 He hoped tM working men of the north
 would calculate the nature of thia union w ith
 the slaveholder, and detailed many features of
 the soul-destroying system which crushed to
 the earth so many men women and children.
 Mr. Brown had lately visited Groton Heights,
 in Connecticut, where is a monument erected
 to those who fell in ITHI, in the attack on
 New hut the names of the colored
 men are colonutA apart from the white men,
 an evidence of the pro-slavery feeling then
 existing among thoee who were sacrificing so
 much fur their own rights.—w. c. n.
TO CORRESPONDENTS.
 S. P. Q. R., R. J. B-, an&gt;l Candor, all next
 week.
 N. If., Pawtarket, R. I.—Credited to No 52.
 A. I)., Marion, Ohio. Received; the |«a|&gt;cr
 will lie sent as directed.
Communications.
Notes by a Resident.
 'Jo Ji. Ji'tUrts, Ety. Efltnburgh.
 •Deac Sir, —I promised in my last to write
 you again about things in general in this
 4 great countryand do so with the more
 freedom that I know it to be an interesting
 subject to all classes in the Old World—espe
 cially to those who are looking around them
 wuh hopeful philanthropy, fot every m ans
 that may be’ expected in any measure to
 aid in solving the problem of human progres
 sion, and are scanning, not without appre
 hension, the operation of the free institutions
 of this republic. The infidel points with the
 finger of scorn, to the distressed, restless,
 and uneasy condition of entire Christendom,
 and says, whh a sneer— Behold your Chris
 tianity !—what has it done 1 The aristocratic
 asi selfish upholder of feudalism and serf
 dom, in the plenitude of his self-complacency,
 points to the American Constitution, and then
 to American slavery under that Constitution,
 and says—Heboid your republicanism!—what
 Las it done 1 Most miserably mistaken both
 Il w net Christianity, but the want of it, that
 sanctions or encourages the many evils and
 sorroire under which Christendom suffers it
 is not republicanism but the want of it, that
 sanctions or encourages the grievous wrong
 of slavery, now eating like a canker into the
 very heart of the social system of this entire
 community, poisoning and polluting all the
 streams of right sentiment and feeling.
 Well, after all, this is a great country.
 It is great in extent—great in fertility—great
 in beautiful and picturesque scenery how
 great, as an illustration of the tiuism that
 a most mean practice may co-exist along with
 the expression of a most sublime theory
 Said a fox-hunting clergyman of England,
 whec reproved by one of his parishioners for
 set&amp;ng out on a hunting expedition on Sun
 day morning, shortly after he had preached a
 sernaen on the duty of observing the Sabbath
 Ximn’t do as I do, but do as I saw” The
 United States may very well be allowed
 t« be a model republic,” if her illustration
 ©f republican principles can be understood to
 btur itkie construction—“ Don’t do as I do,
 but do as I say.” She is great in theory
 miserable, paltry, despicable, in fact. The
 dwotnine of human equality, which she so
 proudly boasts, is a noble, grand, and beauti
 ful doctrine but the reverse of noble, grand,
 and beautiful, is the American illustration of
 it. •Of belief in this doctrine there is little
 of the genuine spontaneous feeling there is
 still less. Aristocracy here is as overweening,
 selfish, and self-sufficient, as in the Old
 World. America is not an El Dorado of
 brotherly sympathy and love. Liberty—
 Equality—Fraternity, are not vet engraven
 on her escutcheon—probably never will be,
 so long as the ill-assoited connection between
 the Northern and Southern States continues.
 Sime my last, I have been out on another
 ramble through the romantic scenery of this
 wild country. The object of this excursion
 was a visit to the world-renowned Niagara.
 There were a party of us, of whom Frederick
 Douglass was one. e went by steamboat
 on Lake Ontario, from the landing, near the
 mouth of the Genesee, about three miles
 from Rochester, immediately below the lower
 falls of the Genesee, which were sparkling
 bright and manv-colored in the sun’s wniii"
 rays. The banks of thp Genesee, below the
 falls, as far the lake, are high, sloping, and
 covered with uncultivated verdure, reflecting
 beautifully on the glassy surface of the water.
 As we sailed late in the evening, we had
 but lmle opportunity to see the lake; but so
 far as w« did see it, before it became shrouded
 •under the cover of a dark night, it was
 smooth and unruffled as a sea of glass, with
 v ir,v a rt l’ple to disturb its calmness. The
 eapum and boat's company of the Cataract!
 w« n courteous and attentive—a circumstance
 80 lc Inore deserving of notice, since,
 m r. informed me, it was a rare j
 t ling or him, as of course for every other
 person of color, however fight the shade—the
 deeper thet shade,the more ram-tobe treated
 with any degree of civility. He strives vi-1
 gorously, however, agai„»uhi* most dastardly
 and despicable system of American injustice
 and despotism, with admirable courage and
 resolution, tolling them in p ain hig
 estimate of their character, hewing his'way
 without mercy into their mean and cowardly
 souls. It wiU strange to you, as it
 certainly does to me, that a man of superior
 intellect and character, like Frederick Doug
 lass. should be subjected to insult, and be
 liable to be ejected from the cabin of tfi®
 steamboat, on no other account but that there
 p a portion of Afo o blood hi his veins;
while miserable tobacco-chewing scoundrels,
 into whose sensual souls ray of intellectual
 light has never penetrated, ignorant though
 they m*y be of all the decencies of civilised
 life, are allowed without question to do about
 just as they please. What aa empty boast is
 j this American human equality How des
 picably ridiculous is the theory of equal rights
 when illustrated by the light of such a fact as
 this! This system prerails throughout all
 the Northern States, in the steamboats,
 hotels, and all places of public resort. And
 evea when the captain of the steamboat or
 the landlord of the inn, would be willing that
 1 colored men should he admitted on equal
 terms with those of paler complexion, empty
 headed puppies and vulgar blackguards, who
 know nothing but to smoke cigars and grow
 whiskers, are ready with their coarse ribaldry
 and insulting taunts for the saucy nigger.”
 Out upon such republicanism It u one of
 the Northern fruits of Southern slavery. Let
 the American name be held op to the world,
 a* a hissing, a bye-worJ, and a reproach, till
 this foul system of injustice and oppression,
 only a little lens foul than slavery itself, is
 blotted out entirely and for ever.
 After leaving the steamboat, we went by
 railroad to Niagara. This road, for several
 miles, is cut along the side of a range of hills
 of considerable height—probably about the
 same elevation as your Pentland range, occa-'
 sionallv steep, rugged, jnd barren; but, for
 the more part sloping gradually, and wooded
 to the very summit. The Tiew over the ver
 dant valleys lying below, was at many points
 exceedingly picturesque and beautiful—dotted
 here and there w;ih a white farm-house, or a
 cluster of venerable trees, the remains of the
 forest which, not many years since, as ap- 1
 pears by the stumps which still stand firm
 and sound, reigned in undisturbed and silent
 solitude, over tins entire district of country.
 The village of Niagara consists of some four
 or five small streets, with nothing particular
 in them to attract attention. Some of the t
 houses are large and aristocratic-looking; but
 the business of the village is hotel-keeping. 1
 There arc many hotels, several of which are
 very extensive, for the accommodation of the
 numerous transient visitors, who come merely
 to see the Falls.
 e were fortunate in enjoying fine wea
 ther and bright sunshine, which doubtless
 added greatly to the picturesque grandeur of
 these wild scenes. I had heard and read
 much about Niagara, and had always enter
 tained some vague apprehensions that the
 magnificence of the Falls was overstated.
 But here exaggeration is impossible. No
 description can give any adequate idea of their
 thrilling grandeur and sublimity. The boil
 ing waters must be seen, and their wild roar
 beard, ere the inexpressible emotions which
 are experienced while looking at and listen
 ing to them, can be appreciated.
 Now, as for ages pi-t, boiling, gushing,
 foaming ever, rolling on continually, like the
 car of Time, to which are lashed the per
 turbed spirits of the restless and the wicked—
 stirring up strife, enmity and division—cre
 ating deadly feuds, wars, and commotions;
 and at length hurried headlong over the I
 fearful precipice, into an abyss of hideous
 destruction.
 Boiling, gushing, foaming ever, onward
 and on, like the car of Eternity, to wliieh are
 lashed ten thousand furies, struggling—
 struggling! with all the energy of a last
 effort, to release themselves from the chains'
 by which they are bound; and at length 1
 hurled impetuously, as by the aim of Omni
 potence, into the hissing gulf of unending’
 torment.
 Boiling, gushing, foaming ever, while the!
 morning sun sliinos forth bright and glorious,
 and the dewdrops glisten on each blade of:
 grass, like a cluster of the purest diamonds, 1
 and the birds warble out their early song of
 love, and the far-resounding woods echo and
 re-echo the joyous melody, till it dies
 away in softly-sootliing murmurs, in the far
 distance.
 Boiling, gushing, foaming ever, while the
 noon-day sun looks down in dazzling splendor
 upon the modest wild-flower at the rivers
 brink, and the soft breath of summer gently
 moves, like an unseen spirit, among the leaves
 of the forest, and the rushing waters, as they
 roll on and on, in their ceaseless toil and
 bubble, sparkle and glitter in the sun’s
 bright rays, like immense blocks of quartz or
 crystal, which ai*e forced by some powerful
 and unseen energy, over the dizzy height.
 Boiling, foaming ever, while the
 moon shines forth iu silvery brightness, and
 the Btars twinkle in the deep azure, and all
 else is calm and hushed, and the voice of God
 seems to whisper in the ear of listening na
 ture—Peace! peace! peace to the troubled
 breast, rest for the wicked, hope for the op
 pressed.
 Boiling, gushing, foaming ever, in cloud,
 and in sunshine, in storm and in calm, onward j
 and on, ceaseless, resistless, as the hours ofi
 Time wing their flight into the bosom of;
 Eternity.
 The river, immediately above the Falls, is
 divided into two branches, by a cluster of
 small islands, which are connected with the
 American side by numerous bridges. On
 these islands the visitor spends many hours
 in a kind of bewildered ecstaey, listening to
 the raging waters, and looking at the clouds
 of spray, as they ascend from the boiling
 gulf. The Canada fall is much the most
 magnificent. For several yards in the centre
 it descends bright and radiant as a polished
 emerald, contrasting beautifully with the
 white and foaming surface which the rest of
 Fall presents. In order to sec the Fall from
 below, it is necessary to descend by a long
 winding staircase. Following the guide, and
 well enveloped in an oilskin covering, there is
 little danger either of slipping or of getting
 wet. The footpath, for a portion of the wav,
 is sufficiently wide for two to walk abreast,
 narrowing ofF to a mere ledge of the rock,
 and terminating in a rugged precipice which
 overhaugs the hell of waters.” But a des
 cription is impossible I have not tlui hardi
 hood to attempt it. Suffice it to say, that the
 distance in the bend of the curve, including
 Iris and Prospect Islands, which divide the
 American from the Canada Falls, is 1,400
 yards, and that the depth of the fall is from
 150 to 160 feet. I can acarcely find in my
 heart to find fault with the man who, it isj
 said, from motives of miserly selfishness,
 preserves the rapids from the clatter of the
 mill and tho manufactory. The day, how-!
 ever, is probably not far distant when tha ap
 peuaooe of Niagara will be greatly changed, j
But now h may be truly said of iV“ The ey t
 is not milled with seeing, nor the ear with
 hearing.*'
 We returned to Rochester by way of Buf
 falo. The distance between Niagara and
 Bufialo is not more than twenty miles, and
 takes but a short time to travel by railroad.
 Buffalo, about twenty years mass, was a
 mere village of 8000 inhabitants; now it is a
 large and rapidly growing city of not lem
 than 40,000. It is one of the most remark
 able instances of the mushroom growth at
 American cities. Lying on Lake Erie, it is
 the connecting link between the East and the
 West. There is a considerable amount at
 shipping in the harbor —small brigs and large
 steamboats. I should not suppose, from the
 appearance of the steamboats, that very se
 vere storms are expected on those lakes.
 Standing high out of the water, with cabins
 on the deck, like floating wooden houses,
 they do not appear capable of enduring a
 heavy sea. The journey to Chicago, which
 forms the Western emporium on the lake
 shore, is about 1,200 miles, and rifces nearly
 four days. A great portion of the country
 around Buffalo is still uncleared and on the
 railroad, ibr many miles, nothing is to be
 seen but deep and gloomy forests, into which
 the sun has never penetreted. But even
 now, how different must be the appearance of
 this country from what it was half a century
 ago! The steam engine is rapidly hewing a
 way through these wild forests, implanting
 civilization and commerce, and the hum of a
 teeming population. Ere many years elapse,
 I doubt not, the land around will be all
 cleared and cultivated, and towns and villages
 rising up in all directions. This change
 would be produced even more rapidly, were
 it not for the short-sighted and selfish spirit ol
 speculators, who having purchased large
 tracts of land, are anxious to obtain high
 prices and thus those who wish to purchase
 are driven off to the far west, where they
 can obtain it at government price, and the
 population being thus scattered far and wide,
 are deprived of the means of improvement
 and many social advantages. This evil is
 extending itself rapidly. If legislative au
 thority is of any use at all, it is in such a
 case as this; and here it ought to be exer
 cised. Monopoly of the soil is the w’orst and
 most unnatural of all monopolies. It is one
 of the most grievous curses of the Old
 World, and will, unless some preventive
 measures are adopted, be so likewise of the
 New. Some of the new States are agitating
 measures which will to some extent provide
 a remedy and others will in all probability
 follow their example.
 The Presidential election is now beginning
 to be the chief topic of interest. The popu
 lar men of all parties are already in the field
 With reference to the Whig and the Demo
 cratic candidates, one feels involuntarily forcec
 to exclaim—
 Oh, that s'lfli difference there should lie
 ’fbvixt r.vee.iledum and Twcedledee!”
 After all, I a n rather disposed to the con
 elusion, that the election of a President is bu
 little more than a party a.lair; and that the
 qualification principally required is the possi
 bility of obtaining preferment.
 Yours truly, J. D.
 Lo.vdon, May 2G, IS4B.
 Dear Sir: However much we may
 rejoice in the progress of liberty indicated by
 the recent French revolution, it is impossible
 to conceal from ourselves the fact, that French
 liberty is exposed to many dangers from the
 irregular manner of its birth. You will
 probably have received, ere this reaches you,
 full particulars of the mad attempt made bv
 Blanqui, Barbes, and other fanatics, assisted,
 I fear, more or less, by Louis Blanc, Albert,
 and others, from whom better things might
 have been expected, to overturn the present
 Government, which, being established on the
 broad basis of universal suffrage, is certainly,
 ii not the best possible government, at least
 the government best entitled to rule in France.
 1 lie example of the 24th of February seems
 to have put into the heads of these men the
 foolish notion that in order to rule, it is only
 necessary to get possession of the building
 where government is conducted. Accord
 ingly* on the 15th May, under pretence of a
 demonstration of sympathy with Poland, they
 invaded the National Assembly, dissolved it,
 took possession of the Hotel de Ville, pro
 claimed themselves a Provisional Govern
 ment, and were in the act of publishing other
 decrees, levying contributions on the rich for
 the benefit of the poor, and introducing thus
 a system of general distrust and terror, which
 could end in nothing but civil war, tyranny
 and despotism,when the National Guard, hav
 ing absolutely rushed together, as one man,
 with an enthusiastic determination to support
 their own chosen representatives, they were
 arrested in the government offices, and now
 wait the trial and punishment due to their
 criminal attempt. The National Assembly
 again met, and I think it will be found, if the
 Government is not carried away by fear or an
 ger, from the moderate, and conciliatory, and
 liberal course which Lamartine appears to
 have chalked out, to any hasty or violent
 measures, that it has been strengthened by the
 attempt. The chief thing to be feared now,
 is, that the Assembly, disgusted and terrified
 by this display of popular ignorance and vio
 lence, may be led to distrust the mild and
 broad principle on which fcamartine seems to
 wish to rule the people. Indeed, it has been
 already rumored that he and Ledru RoUin are
 about to resign their seats in the Executive
 Committee, in consequence of the want of
 confidence manifested by the Assembly.
 In the meantime, so much disorder migns
 in France, and in the Assembly itself, that the
 ardor of the friends of freedom in this coun
 try, who, immediately after the revolution,
 addressed to the French nation loud and
 warm expressions of admiration and sympa
 thy, is somewhat cooled. We thought that
 the revolution in France would accelerate pro
 gress in this country, and no doubt it has done
 so. But, alter all, we must rely entirely on
 the justice of our cause, and the strength of
 our arguments; for there is no country in the
 world, whether it be in the shape of a mon
 archy or a republic, to which we can point as
 an example worthy of imitation. It is now
 several years since reformers id this country,
 who used to quote America as an instance of
 the safe and beneficent working of political
 equably, have been glad to forget your coun
 tty altogether fur they were always struck
 dumb by the triumphant finger of scorn with
 which their opponents pointed at the Mack
plague-spot of slavery still existing among
 yo«. I have no hesitatioa in saying, tin m
 tag as slavery is numbered tmoag the msti
 tntiona of the United States, they are, not
 withstanding the sublime truth of their decis
 ion of independenoe, n truth uttered with the
 Hp and trampled, in the life and no (withstand
 ing the amusing complacency with which I
 notice some of your contemporaries talk of
 the American Union as the Model Repub
 lic,” an obetraetMM to liberty throughout the
 world. It is with sincere grief that the re
 formers of this country haveleanied that
 cboly troth; and it is only in the noble efforts
 that are being made by so many good men
 and true, and the increasing success which we
 see attending them, to cause to be proclaimed
 from the capital at Washington, the glad and
 welcome sound of liberty to the stave, that
 we take comfort to ourselves, hoping yet to be
 able to point to America as a proof of the
 safe and beneficent workings of sell-govern
 ment, and as a model worthy of the imitation
 of the world.
 The war between Lombardy and Austria
 still proceeds with varying success. The
 Lombards have not yet decided upon the con
 stitution to be established. A ballot of the
 population is to be taken on that subject, and
 it is believed that it w ill result in an applica
 tion for union with the kingdom of Sar
 dinia.
 There have been further popular commo
 tions in Vienna, the object of which is not
 well understood here, but they have ended in
 additional concessions,’ including universal
 suffrage to the people. The Emperor fled
 from Vienna to Innapruck in the Tyrol, on
 the 16th inst. The ministry immediately is
 sued a proclamation stating that they would
 rule on their own responsibility until his re
 turn, and that they had sent the commander of
 the national guards to induce him to corne
 back. The town was in the hands of the stu
 dents of the University.
 Messrs. O'Brien and Meagher, two of the
 great champions of the physical free repeal
 ers in Ireland, have been tried in Dublin for
 sedition, but without result, as the juries could
 not agree to a verdict. This is taken as a
 triumph by the repealers, and the most enthu
 siastic demonstratiens of congratulation have
 taken place in the streets of Dublin. Mr.
 Mitchell, the editor of the United Irish
 man,” who, amid all this violence, speaks ma
 ny a word of
 “Truth that winna ding,
 And duu’na be disputed,”
 is now in prison, charged with felony, under
 the recently passed Crown and Government
 Security Acy. The trial has just com
 menced, and will not likely be concluded for
 two or three days.
 The Sites for Churches (Scotland) Bill”
 passed the second reading some days since by
 a very large majority in the House of Com
 mons. It is called for by the circumstance,
 that some of the landholders in Scotland, pos
 sessing very extensive tracts of country, abso
 lutely refuse pieces of land for chapels for the
 Free Church Congregations. Of course, if
 such tyranny were common, and unchecked,
 it would amount to a virtual repeal of the act
 |°f toleration. Uhe bill is liberal and cotnpre
 hensive, providing that, under the circum-!
 stances described, any hundred persons re- i
 quiring ground for the building of a chapel,
 without reference to sect, can compel the
 landholders to let them have a site on fair aud
 just terms. The same principle ought to be
 acted upon with regard to many other mat
 ters; for instance, parks and places of health
 ful, intellectual and physical recreation and
 exercise.
 Mr. Ilumc was to have brought forward
 his motion in favor of Household suffrage, the
 ballot, triennial Parliaments, and equal elec
 total districts, on the £3d, in the House of
 Commons, but as the time of the House was
 taken np by other business of much inferior
 1 importance, it was 11 o’clock before he had
 an opportunity of introducing it. He has
 therefore postponed it until the 20th of:
 June.
 London is always alive in the month of
 May, with its great meetings of religious and
 philanthropical societies. The religious, that
 j is, home and foreign missionary and educa
 tional societies’ meetings are now’ over, and
 1 passed off without any novel incident, the
 only thing remarkable being the frequent in
 troduction of radical sentiment in some of the
 speeches, and the warm leception given to it
 by the meeting. At the meeting of the
 j “Anti-State Church Association,” thespeak
 ers generally expressed themselves in favor
 of throwing most of their energy at present
 into the movement for reform of Parliament,
 as the shortest and surest road to all other
 ameliorations. The Anti-Slavery Society
 held its meeting on Monday evening, and
 passed off well. A colored gentleman, i
 j whose name I do not recollect, from the Uni-j
 ted States, was present, and spoke, and was,
 as usual, well received. The Peace Society
 held its meeting on Tuesday, when some
 dreadful exposures were made of the horrid
 cruelties perpetrated during our Chinese and
 your Mexican war. A crowded meeting was
 held last night in the Londontavern, in con-1
 nection with the People’s League,” a new
 organisation, having for its object a reform of
 Parliament, on the basis of Universal,” or,
 as it is now called, Manhood Suffrage.”—
 Col. Thompson was in the Chair, and the
 meeting was addressed by Burnett, Mr. Gard
 ner, M. P. for Leicester, Mr. Miall, Ac.—
 Tire physical force Chartists had succeeded
 to some extent in packing the meeting,
 but everything went off with great enthu
 siasm and harmony, until the la&amp;t resolution
 had been proposed, when they moved,
 not their usual amendment, i but simply
 a negative to the proposed resolution, which,
 I regret to say, seems to have been carried.—
 This conduct proves them to be mere ob
 structives.
 It mav perhaps be taken as a curious indi-
 tion of the effect produced is out court by the
 recent events on the Continent, that Prince
 Albert, who has for four years been President
 of the Society fat Improving the Condition
 of the Laboring Classes, and has hitherto j
 presided at the meetings, by deputy, thought;
 proper last week to do so in person. The
 change is by no means to be regretted, for be
 delivered a speech full of good sense and good j
 feeling, of which I give you a sentence or two
 as a specimen. Depend upon h,” he said, j
 it ia to the advantage of those classes who
 are so often contrasted, hot whose interests
 are identical, \p anile, and it ia cofy ignorance
 which prevents them from uniting fee each
others’ benefit. To dispel that ignorance,
 ud to show the means hew mu ran hel r
 mu, notwithstanding the complicated state at
 chitixed society, ought to be the aim of every
 philanthropic person. (Hear.) But it h
 moot peculiarly the duty of those whs, undei
 the blessings of Divine Providence., enjoy us
 lion, wealth ud education. (Cheers.) Let
 them be careful to raoid any dktatioaal inter
 ference with labor and employment, which
 frightens awsv capital, destroys that freedem
 of thought ud independence of actios which
 most remain to every one, if he is to work
 out his own happiness, (loud cheere,) and to
 repose that confidence in each other on which
 alone the enjoyment and mutual benefit of
 mankind rest.” This is sufficient to give you
 an idea of the spirit of the speech, and surely
 your southern slaveholders might take a les
 son from the example of the occupant of a
 throne, an institution which no doubt they
 regard as a relic of tyranny, and which cer
 tainly does seem to imply imperfect liberty,
 expressing his anxiety for the dispelling of
 ignorance, and the maintenance of freedom of
 thought and independence of action among
 the laboring classes. The objects directly
 aimed at by the society, arc the erection of
 model lodging houses, the establishment of
 loan fuuds, and the allotment of cottage
 lands, in order, as the Prince said, that the
 working classes may learn with economy to
 combine advantages and comforts to which
 they have hitherto been strangers.”
 In consequence of the suicide of Mr
 Redhead Yorkc, one of the members of Par
 liament for the city of York, there has been
 a new election in that city, at which Mr. Vin
 cent polled 600 votes in opposition to 1500
 united votes of whigs and tones, who, after
 all, have sent up a man who has declared in
 favor of household suffrage and the ballot.—
 This certainly is a cheering evidence of pro
 gress.
 Sir Henry Lytton Bulwer, our Ambassador
 at Madrid, has just arrived here, having been
 sent away at 48 hours’ notice by the Spanish
 Government, in consequence of the cavalier
 manner in which Lord Palmerston and he
 urged upon them the adoption of a liberal
 policy. This incident will probably give rise
 to a long paper war, but, it is to be hoped,
 nothing more, as far as we are concerned.—
 \Y ith regard to the Spanish themselves, I
 presume, hereafter, we will be more disposed
 to let them fight for liberty in their own way,
 and keep it if they can, and lose it if they
 cannot, which probably will be no great loss
 to them, if only all the European powers can
 be persuaded to act on the same principle.
 An insurrection is stated by the Prcsse,”
 French newspaper, to have taken place at
 Naples last week, in which 400 soldiers were
 killed, and a large part of that beautiful town
 reduced to ashes.
 The Prussian National Assembly has met
 for the purpose of forming a Constitution for
 Prussia. The King opened the Assembly in
 person. The proposed Constitution is under
 stood to be very libera!, but has not yet been
 formally published. A general assembly of
 delegates from all the German States is also
 sitting at Frankfort-on-the-Maine, for the pur
 pose of forming a great Germanic Con
 federation, on the basis of a union of
 people, not, as formerly, of mere princes.—
 At the opening of the Prussian Assembly,
 the King of Prussia expressed the hope that
 the war between Prussia and Denmark would
 be terminated on the mediation of this
 country.
 I regret to state that the House of Lords
 last night threw out the bill for the admission
 of Jews into Parliament. The numbers were,
 noes, 103, ayes, IJS; majority, 135. This
 is much to be regretted, as it shows that
 intolerance and bigotry are still dominant in
 that House, and able to perpetrate injustice
 under the cloak of Christianity hut it may
 perhaps stimulate the movement for the reform
 of Parliament. Yours, &amp;c.,
 R. S. D.
 Which is the most Methodistical?
 The other day, two exchange papers came
 to our office at the same time, the Zion’s
 Herald and the Cleveland True Democrat.
 The Herald contains a letter from Hev. C.
 Collins, of Krnorv and Henry College, Vir
 ginia, giving a rather heated account of a
 controversy on Calvinism now jroing on in
 East Tennessee. This controversy is con
 ducted on the Presbyterian-side, by Rev.
 Frederick A. Ross, through the pages of a
 periodical, called the Calvimstic Magazine.
 Mr. Collins seems to feel it necessary to
 turn aside from the merits of Calvinism, to
 a consideration of the persoual affairs of;
 his leading opponent, in the following para- 1
 graph:
 As a matter of curiosity to many of your;
 New England readers, it may not be amiss
 to mention a fact in the personal biography
 of Mr. Ross. He is, by common consent,
 at the head of the Presbyterian Church in
 East Tennessee, and Is a man of learning
 and talent. He is also a full-blooded mu
 latto, the son of an old Virginian planter, by
 one of his slaves. I mention not this fact
 by way of disparagement, either of the man j
 or his cause. The merits of controversy 1
 rest on other foundations. Could a roan of 1
 his color and origin, by any possibility 1
 reach the same position of influence in New
 England How much he is indebted tor
 his position and influence to the great wealth
 he inherited from his father, is not easy to
 show. Every one can form Ids own judg
 ment on this question.’
 The other paper has a letter from Hon. j
 E. S. Hamlin, formerly M. C., and also a
 Methodist, written while on a journey, in.
 which be relates the following incident;
 *On leaving Rochester, I found Frede-,
 rick Douglass in the cans, and on recogniz
 ing him, he invited me to take a seat by 1
 him, ‘if I was not ashamed to tit with a,
 nigger.’ There is a good book in the world
 called Methodist Discipline, that I used once
 to be somewhat familiar with, that says,;
 Never be ashamed of anything but nn
 and as I thought there could be no sin in
 sitting by one of the most extraordinary men
 of this age, although a rugger,’ 1 very
 gladly accepted the invitation—and well
 was I paid for it, for 1 obtained from hirn
 much information in regard to European
 affiors, which he was enabled to impart from
 haring resided several years in that ooun-
 try mfoimation very interesting juat at this f
 tune. He also furnished roe with several
 English periodicals sent bun by his English
 friends.
 One cannot but be filled with admiration
 at finding an ladividal only thirty years of
 age, bom a slave, and living in slavery un
 it] fall grown, and never having had any]
 wekoohns, speaking the English language
 with great fluency and correctness, and.
 familiar, nut only with the affair* of his own
 government, bat also with those of the old
 world.’ Aa a man of natural and acquired
 abilities, he has few equals of his age, and
 stands, and will stand, an everlasting re
 hake to those who proclaim the necessary in
 feriority of the African race.
 At prraent he la engaged is pohliahtag the
 North riutr, at Kochwmrr. it as now about,
four months old, and haw between five am
 ■x tho«saul subscribers. [The writer bn
 bmen BUS informed. The nmober is greath
 WNamied.] Mr. himself spendb
 ■o** of his time in lecturing—» field f**i
 he pceuliarh adapted. and whrl
 f|*% tweds to be niltmird N him. lie
 j.'"® F*****f« the Kocheswr aa.i
 Anbum nolrnad, and was treated with great
 cjvilitT br the Conductor* ami passenger*.
 He tnld me he thought he should visit CkTe
 la*"! m the coarse of the season.'
 We hare no occasion to multiply comments
 on these two jjaragraphs, ow p ut forth fo r
 the evident object of enlisting the intense
 bitterness of American mtorphfJta, as a make
 —weight against a ihcvdogiesl antagonist,
 who is a minister, of Christ, learned, able,
 and eminently successful;—the other embrac
 ing the opportunity of enjoying an hour's
 conversation with a mun of odor, as otic of
 the most intelligent and instructive of com
 panions.—Etnannjxitor.
Addre&amp;s of .IblMlatcry Women of West*
 eni Sew York.
 Under a deep and abiding impression of the
 duty we owe to God and our fellow beings,
 the Anti-Slavery women of Rochester feel
 ‘I constrained to continue to persevere in their
 efforts for the oppressed and suffering bood
 men who still remain toiling unrequited in the
 i Southern prison house. We are frequently
 brought painfully to remember that not only
 b their labor wrested from them unremunera
 ted not only do they suffer from intense hun-
 I ser and cold not only are the fern lies, oyn
 sisters, subjected to the cruel and passionate
 outrages of their tyrannical masters and over
 seers hut there are daily instances of sun
 dering the dearest tics in nature, thus sepn*
 rating them forever. And can we expect any
 thing better—can we look for benevolence hr
 fine feelings from a system 5© Joul and fiend
 ish as slavery? It would be unreasonable,
 because a corrupt tree cannot bring forth
 i good fruit.’’ Therefore, knowing that with
 out associative action we cannot render effi
 cient aid to this holy cause, we affectionately
 invite the co-operation of the eitizens of Roch
 ester and the public generally. We ask them
 to bear in mind the injunctions of Jesus, “All
 things whatsoever ye would men should do to
 you, do ye even so to them.” Remember,
 also, the beautiful parable in which he calls
 our attention to the sick and to those who are
 in prison, and concludes by the forcible asser
 tion, “Inasmuch as ye have done it to one of the
 least of these, my brethren, ye have done it
 unto me.” We feel assured all that have
 hearts to feel, and arc careful to attend to the
 monitions of conscience—all who are deter
 mined to live for the good of our race, instead
 of devoting all their time to their own per
 sonal ease—all who feel bound to improve the
 precious time allotted to them here, by pro
 moting as much as possible the cause of truth
 and righteousness in the earth, will come for
 ward in the work of laboring to banish forever
 the demon of slavery from our land; and in
 so doing, instead of an example of corruption
 and wickedness, we should be a light to the
 world.”
 We hope no one will feel too poor, nor any
 too rich, to enlist in this holy cause. The
 Christian’s influence, in whatever situation, is
 always salutary, and will certainly produce its
 good effects. We ask for the aid of men and
 of women; —we call on the old and the
 young, the farmer, the mechanic, and the
 merchant. We ask all and every one to give
 us their help to devote what they can spare,
 either of money or of the fruits of their la
 bor, to the work of restoring men and women
 to themselves, to their manhood, to the rights
 and blessings with which they were endowed j
 by our Creator.
 For litis object, vve propose holding a Fair
 in December next. We ask the females in
 the adjoining towns and country around us, to
 get up sewing circles, and prepare Bitch arti
 cles as will be most saleable, and to come, fur
 nish tables, give us their company, and help
 us, not only in selling those things thus pre
 pared, but in convincing the public mind of
 the necessity of our perseverance and fidelity,
 and thus be helpers in hastening the day of
 emancipation.
 Abigail Bush, Rochester.
 Sarah D. Fish, do.
 Sarah L. Hallowell, do.
 Mary H. Hallowell, do.
 Sarah A. Burtis, do,
 Margaret A. Larson, do.
 Elizabeth Sully, do.
 Phebe Treadwell, do.
 Charlotte S. Wilbur, do.
 llulda Anthony, do.
 Rhoda De Garmo, do.
 Catharine G. Braitiiwaite, do.
 Sarah E. Thayer, do.
 Catharine A. F. Stebbins, do.
 Amy Post, do.
 Henrietta Platt, Bath.
 Susan it. Doty,} Farmington.
 Maria Wilbur, do.
 Elizabeth Smith, do.
 Esther Hathaway, do.
 Caroline Halstead, Walworth.
 Julia Parker, do.
 Eliza Cooper, Williamson,
 Amy Mott, do.
 Rebecca M. C. Capron, Auburn.
 C. G. Hamblin, Port Bvron.
 Margaret Prior, Waterloo.
 Mary Ann McClintock, do.
 Laura Murray, Victor.
 Mrs. Mackintyre, Darien. i
MARRIED
In Dayton, Ohio, May 25tb, by Her. Mr. Ulein
 cnce, Hurt Bibb, of Detroit, to Mari E.
 Milks, of Boston.
DIED.
 In Boston, May 30th, SsiißSiß B. BaLfoui*,
 aged 25.
(Commercial.
RocHESTr.it. June 15, 134.8
A moderate hu-iie** )uis !jeen doo«r in Wheat arvi
 Flour (Taring the past week. Frke of wln-at, parti,
 cutarly of (Jenesee, tran improved. 500 bu. were
 sold ou Mouday at §1 30.
 Rochester Wholesale Priced Current.
 FLOUR aso MEAL—Duty 20 c. ad ra!
 Flour, \AA 525 575
 Corn weal, f l*i*h 50
 PUOVISION^ —Duty B»-&gt; f,Pork,llauo&gt;, Baroa,
 Butter and Lard, 2ii pc; Cboexe 30 p c a f val
 Pork, (mere) t fi l'» 50
 Do. iu hog 5 00 a 5 28
 Beef, cwt. 4 50 to 5&lt;W
 I)n, bid. (me**) 700 ft 8 00
 Lari (trie*!) If ft H
 Do. (leaf,) H
 Ham*, (iidoked) 7 6C 0
 fthouklert, do. 5 6.. I
 Turkey* ft
 lik-ken* H
 Potatoes, W*h. (,2
 CRAlN—l&gt;utv; 20 fe al ral
 Whe-.t, btfetb I J 2
 Own L) A U
 Rye t*l
 Oat* 27 40
 B-rirr 50
 HIDKK—Duty; Of eilnl
 Slaughter 4
 Caff ft
 Hheet» Peha T 5 e ttj
 SfcLDH—Dirty; I ind 10 ye; JJtuur *i (p
 c ad ut
 Oarer t 75
 Timothy 123 Q 2 50
 I 12
 F i »ft*l «»1
 \S Vuu fieii Ud 275
 Co:Wi rwt a 25
 tfl'NDftlß**-
 f4ah, rbU |25
 m i
 IV». &lt;!raed M (3
 e*s».ir&lt;h*
 r bmft 37 1 l»
 liny, (fum .10 00*12 50
 Hnrrt wood 3 ft f 3 M
 Buu uwmL }N
minis.
ion rnixTrro.
 THE 'NORTH ST AH »Ki i&lt; K, i* fprr
 1» ,?S ntmr JJt TtrW frr the cxecw n.n •xr
 .le*cf»pth*i |*r» n*r4 with muluki and tWj aUh,
 atAc price* feii tit:
 Hw'-l'i-!*, Blank*, Pllfehra'i,
 Pr ijramw*, f/tntWi, F-T* &gt;/l .”Wt
 r arnjdik’s, 'ar&gt;!«, ln(rb, fc".
 NEW PTBLICATIOXS.
 \yiu. r.F, ready is a few day*.
 W*i.*riiN krrtAt.tr'iih* brief sk.:.n r
 ki« life by Huny (7 arm ft.
 A Vi 11* r.T*s .Uirtsi fA* Sl*m af tht l
 Th»» ashirr** w» nr vied i-v the Na-
 Vmmmrmtam «t Bioul, in IM3. TV e/i
 i* and those win. v«*un* c*f t* will do tit”
 m t\* \r .wUer. r*r!v.
 Jt ST ITltUsnrf), *l*rnr* 7&gt;
 F*«t a*p
 L *i. K l C ,b? iJav V
 I at rn, VV. O, a; rix i.j 10
 Ap» il
 Ofm L&gt; tht Pull* fr-on 9, \f £j. y
 T l4 |vr ‘p v^!' A v FK V U TK E *.UVU&gt;-
 1 IV. ROOM, !\u. 25, t &lt;r 4 Si v!. T s
 Room i* "eatlv f&lt;*rrris the hH
 fcwofthr I—J At,ri-B!averr, Tcutpwß* e, ii
 Poiuiral and l.drtary I* a per*.
 "V'\ R A 7* V V F THE lAKE i.i¥ KHKH! K
 A I&gt;&lt;&gt;l HLASrf, wniita by luta*-. Ii tc U
 liatl at-titi* office, price 50 cent#.
 mini,
 THE C&gt; pamtewhm *h»r«*i bin* »xi*tin-» bet* nett
 CI.AItK m M OM!!'.-.. was a-uittiljj
 «»Ived on the Ist of April, l**l*».
 A. CLARK.
 n. 11. DUNCOMBB.
 Rochester, June 2, IS4S.
 DU. CLARK, still continue* at \o. SJ» Smith'-'
 ArCßitr, Buffalo Street. Or. Clark w hiI.I u&gt;
 *fi»rih the eft i lens of Reeliester am! •tMTf*ti'vl«r&gt;&lt;j c&lt;
 try, that lie keeps a &lt;od assort-vent of l*h.&gt;ai*.ii&gt;i
 am I. it Ik r Botanic Medicines, neutlv put t-f» witn a
 recti«»tis tor lumh use also finr sale Or Ti'oiitia
 Ww Materia Mclira. This rnluaM*' n&lt; ik *ha”!
 lie otcne.l_ Ly every practitimier ami tun it in
 liiuJ.
 A. CLAI'.K.
 June 2, 1313. tf.
 "HOOKS, &amp;r.. For Sale at tlie AvTi-Sf,A»t p.r
 U Okkick fc litadiso Room, So. 2d l&gt;e,.*»
 f, Store opposite dm Arcade:
 -Narrative of Fied.r'.ck 1 V-uc';,--.
 Jonathan Walker.
 Portrait
 S;vM..,er n Ciirrnstitntionalitv of Slaverr.
 Phillips reply to do.
 Ta»oion of Liberty.
 Slav err ulnstn.tt'i! hy its on W otnar*.
 A.sn a t i*-li va*ietv of I'nrtry atu! useful at lie It
 ltiaiie by tiie Anfi-Sluverv Society.
 A id in tht Prfti f,
 A TRJKITK IOR T!in
 nrtvr: a vinhic atios of Tifr mo a vr., in rn
 I. F.CTI7.AL AM) RKI.IC KM’s fATA I! 11 ITI F A n r
 THE COLORED PORTION* OF MAN KINO,
 II ilk parti: iff, ir rtfirmrr fr Iht African met,
 lihistrat'n? by numerous authentic fuels, nionmphiral
 Sketcht'a, Testimonies ot l iaveiltrs, &amp;e.
 The motives which have artmife.l tire anther ‘u
 prcpnriiiff the aln»ve-iamitt«i«'&lt;) n &gt;rk, are «.,lr.'r i
 desire to interest and eulir;!iten tie* pul he mind," i
 a subject intimately connected rri.li the hat pitic-s n
 misery* of a larfe ix.rtion of the human fm.-h am!
 by a relation of facts ami testimonies, which n
 assertions can annul, to remove a doeply-rootc-l p
 jndice, existing in the niiii.ls i.f m.i iv ,it tc
 African race.
 It is an important question win (her the Verne is
 ronstitiitionally, and therefore irremediably i
 to tha w hite man, in tii« powers of tins mind. Mat'd
 ot the future welfare of the hate ti race ifcpett e i
 the .answer which experience an-l facts will farnis'i
 to this question: for it Conrcrrs not only the v r
 pipulutii.n ot Atiica, but many milii a.s ~f the N'c; 'n
 race, who are I icaletl ilsi w h ie, and lie- white. in
 are lierominjj mixed with the l i n k ra c, in t ount
 where Slavery exists, or win re it lute ixisV.l till
 w ithin a recent period. Many pcrsou.s have
 ed up m peremptory decisions".m Imuli si h-s of
 question; but the majority appear fn lie still ur-at ti»
 lied as to the real eapnl ilitics%if tlut JNcyo u nice
 Their present actual mf.-rioHiy ih nway rojeets,
 comparing them a a whole w ith the litrhi.Tci,! 'ru
 ed jrortiou of mankind, is I- *t evident, to be disprite
 but it iiittftt Is- borne in itiind that t ie\ arc not iaai
 fit condition for a fair con:|.:irisfin f."&gt; I,t', vtl j,
 tween the two. Tle ir pies-tit degraded ctatj o
 Is- easily aeeoualeil for by the cireimistairc i anc t
 which N'coroes have lived, h. in theirmv iroiwi r,
 and abroad. Il a single instance ettn lie tekltw e.| f.f
 an iiiilividua! of tile African race exhibit'd'.' at r j
 w hicli would Is' considered e&gt;ui cut in rivili/.e I llii
 pean society, we have a prmif that lliem-n no inr
 patibiliiy I ••tween Nemo organization and ln ;h
 tellcete.i! power. Hut it is one a* lie, taitm.in.
 remarkable cases of this derr r:p tion that ate br.tn hr
 forward in th present volume, which in ia. i
 ward* of 15!) If rr ,t,,r ,\f n 4 ~r r
 dwrudaiits, licsidrs I’arts and \iK-c«lotes t Tfiifjtti
 nics of Tiavellt m, Mi-.siooaries, e wind
 fonniiio a eoaiplcte “Tkiul' n. rur. ihi. .h ,jt f
 an I exhibiriti'4 an u idut Itc I nTn'uti mof the"
 founded caltu.uiies which have Iwfn hi-aj "don th. I;r
 fertunate rac*- of Africa, proving tit. m to lie ndov
 with every clsaractci istic ciiiistitiitiiisp tfi-ir i
 wll ii tile _pe.it f.t i ti; .y cl M.i 1 aid ton sc* j eve i *i',
 titled to certain itittli«aitible ri«h?--,” atruu ost «|rj
 ar»*“ life, litierty, and the piusidtof Itappmess,” i
 inlrinjtement on vv Itir !i is ;t dari i« ttstii p..ti.)ii bf th
 prerogative arid tmthtirity of the M&lt; -t Bi'dn
 'I lie Work w ill be rendered additionally i.iti t&gt;
 by AM APPRopitIATK IMRODttTOIU Id)
 written purposely fir the ocea.-iou, by |lrr*. a
 H rto.h. It will also be enriched b. f!,&lt; a;h:itc
 of a lx autifid cnaiaviiisp, t'rom a pwiuiiuif pit nf-t
 to the Ixiti lon .Mi--imiarj Hocir tv. rei.n scutl
 Natives iifSmith Africa liyioVoce U t
 Select Committee of the House ~f oioultnix. I t
 Ab icans are uivinery ideiice, Dr. I'ltilltp is
 in tire foreiproitii l, and Jaua*s Read, sen. ajul j&lt;
 Missionaries from South Africa, fire ttaiufiiio, i
 latter aefinu as interpreter. The voluiim- will also t o
 tain portraits of
 Ci.vqc r, the Chief of** Amis* id Captives.
 J' N I'/ AT/.OK, Ciiristi ut Chief i f tire Auuk.
 'l’rilxi,South Atiica.
 J. W. C. I'KMSf.TO!I, a hi«h!y e *r. med Mini t
 of the Dospcl, of pure African i xtrat tipu.
 I’ttitrn R!( K lJot'i.r.ASS, the fugitive s’ave.
 Of, av it a h I.Qt' i io, orfii rivt t V*
 Fnoraredon steel by first-rate Artists. A!-., a rtf.
 siuir.K of.the writing ot'i'oisvAiKT h’flnr k
 it'i), the Black Chief of lUyti.
 Toe work will be printed in the liest ty ;xv» on f,.,
 paper, and cmisist of n'x.iif 500 j s o s Tx at.ti
 Iv Ixxiod i:i cloth, w ith tin appropriate sieve.
 id 4 ail I Ic/nnt voiuare far the •aawiot'-rmniri&gt;.d
 All piofit&lt;arising from iu sal will la; f.»
 t!ie skuli-Slavlery rause Ai ;c:&gt;!i 1 I
 '•r-s Sr 3; to iion-s'd xrrifx-rs t; imbvidij.il* .-si,
 |ot |x&gt;s A*s'-i«o cfjpii s will ol4i«» by w-ndin. iU r
 ilcr* to Utis.ix Arvoti au, Leedi; or to t
 North Stak Ofihar.
 ATTHF-RKAS, \V*»r ll&gt; m. an.l K f .Ttv K
 »v Htoaci, hi* «trfe, of the of R,,
 on tlte fourtrPath day &lt;.f Joy, in tlx- u
 Ix.rd one thotisan l ei;dit b mdf I u p,,
 M irrcc./ed it, Ut ukit SutrH.o) IVterWo.'v
 *''ti C-xiuty, t*.r c ''ufiijj in hu,. :i»e |4it yam *.f j
 Hundred a»el liftv-Sve dollar*, and o.je r *.t, H ’i t
 tr.u nr parcel of hr;. I situate in tlx- fir-. ~f jp,
 ti-r af*u -.ixl, Comity of M nr a 1 &gt;isrfe of
 T it, thirty-tirree fi e* fro .t ox &lt;j|
 street, arid mnniilj liwck to tfie rear th' tv,
 i iten.i!.is to ii.hrutte lix Hast alt tia,*
 krf i.f 1 1 t-J i i fh.it jurt of hit Id's r
 slop No. I, of fix- Sirort Il.v k.l- f
 di-aial’lal; on which tlie 1,,.! iitctn i.t.
 ili-fiiurillsixo! as lot ti. Ivinas ti j,,|
 lot of Ml Ipl t; it be I la- a
 Ljl, owned Jiwii jj
 conveyed to kU-j/jr Tilt 'j
 M ir. 1,, 1-27 Ses &gt;l, tirte- t vj iheca- I.
 I-*?W ot Ikflll, ;j) pv.'e ATI.
 Also, allitnt trtet or p un*l, &gt;f. J
 4 ,x 1 bt or, (.v*h,ij ~J m, nrttr
 New Vork. tiw t, t*iii ty-tbi■ tee 4 in.'
 cm »tre.-i, atv I ktor f e-,
 ■mi -lit, uij'ialinj* to*■!.' brarj. p.,. j ty
 f-rtiitt bt of L»ft J m that ps&gt;nw.f til f.,j,-•
 i i Township N the riitvr* t
 tie* f lo.riw Lit t isf, ia.,a
 jirt to L- graote 1, i lift,’,.
 twee*. k.| It»i a-»| 105 ...t *»r,| i'iwj* h I
 M *t fa* If of (!e •.-.aye l.t, onmxi j &gt;i.
 lti**&lt; B. Jutt, amt mtiveyed to F.t a/* r i n,
 0.1 tlx; 21+ilmy *4' March, |tt27. M** M—*r
 L.ixr (v.jTi (3,) 1&gt;
 *t |*.j* 471.
 j Am, \	 hrrt-:i* t defard? has I eit iry, s i.l
 j meat of It* &gt;»Otevi «e,Tr.( by raid Af ;f,
 whtcli are emmute-i in mmMnt at the i»ex* *x n
 |H4d&gt;e-*Sioo «4 thie intae, t»* thru* i.! I« i
 j .irdlsfs iHf.Uft &lt;W.J Now.tfxy. a ce, 1- u,« f
 j ptt«, Ural Ly virtue -4 a pos» •f of IVt —i f it.
 tike w«d Movtga***, Rind it ts»'f t
 iis eith ewe*, aumlt) mmit re 1 nt'oent
 «*1 Moct |x* tosxes, o iii be M,tt ag paid..
 jor vrudur ml H ‘*c. dm C'iry «5 R
 ter, '*l f?*r t«. Iftb '*»y r J i* uejyt, p
 is the afters*..*** 4 *bet hr.
 (skM.Ui
 nr.H iirMiN(.T()\,.UM.
 r*T**»o»o, Slwndt C, tc,
"
