tnr.nr.iucK wjvglars, E |TOII
 M. R. DELAM, »j
VOL I. NO. 1.
The NORTH KTVR i» p«Mkbe4 ever}
 Friday at No. Xi, Rntfala Mreel,
 Arc*dr.)
 TEKMB.
 T*n rf ,U»r* prr smatim, aiKiyt in No
 »»Varnpti&lt;m hiH I* receive*] far a Its* tertn than
 •in mouth*.
 Advert wemenrs no* rvceedin? ten finer inserted
 thtee ti.nrn f.ir one doiur; ever) inser
 tion, t went \-five rent*.
 The «hj«fi of thf North Star***;! be t&lt;&gt;a’t x-k
 fsLavert in nil its formi a*»;I s«|Kf!»;
 l.'.titiMAt Em as* ci patio exsU i«t«’ etiolird
 cf I’VE Lie Mor.ai.itv; pr.rn &lt;tc tlte ni.-r.il a.el in
 icitertaal imprornsmi oC lie- Cntofttp i’trftr;
 nil batt'ii thj day of FREEDOM to lV T H RIK
 Mili.iou of our CRUitKU Kuiow CotJt-
 TBV»H.
 l»l HI .IS’. I r.H’S NOTI(T.s.
 AW roßLinmicatiom rrbtiiW t&gt; ’be Iwnt**
 mttv* of tie* paper, name* of miWriiw*, remit-
 M me*, &amp;e., nhould ire ad-Jrei*ed t» M ili.um
 N r.f.L, I’ui the her.
 Cr&gt;* AeenU, and all ..then rending name*, are
 nq.K'itt Id le acearate, an-l giro tin* J' ti OflL-t,
 tlte (’twit y, and ti;&gt;- Star. Each Sulmcrilfri» in»-
 nwt'liaiefv &lt;re liter] m-.«tey rereived.
 QC Jr .ivy perr /n sending in the payment f&lt;»r foitr
 nulmciilier*, to foru:iriJcd to one ad.lre»», may
 hare a fifth o&gt;p\ for one year.
 (ty- All letter* and communications mint l&gt;e post
 paid.
 I.IST OF AGENTS.
 M %*«Af m«tm. —R. F. Walcott, 21, Comhfll,
 Boston; N.ithi iJ .Imson, New Bedford; Horatio \V.
 Foster, Lowell; J.i ne* N. BaTum, Lynn; George
 Evan*, W &gt;re'’*r*r Bourne S|&gt;ot»'icr, Flv iwutli;
 Charles 11. S.l’o, Spriogfieli David Uoggles,
 N «rth nnpion.
 M \	it .—Oliver Domett, Portland.
 Vi.rwost.— RjwUtil T. Robinson, Norlli Fer
 i inborg.
 Co&gt; x r cticct. —Jonathan Leonard. Meriden.
 N r.w If a M PS hire.— Weare Tappan, Bra ll'ord.
 Nr.vv York.—fly !ney 11. Gav, 112, Nassau
 Street; Jvnvt M-CuV* Smith,93, West Broadway;
 Joseph Post, Wcstbury, Uueen County Mary Har
 per, A litany.
 P r. s vat i.v a n't —J. M. M*Kiin,3l, North Fifth
 Street, f’liila idptiia; G- W. Goines, H, F.vi-hange
 Flare, Ditt 11. Vasho i, B. Bow i, Pitt-liur,';
 Willi .in Wliipper, Columbia; hi:ir R ,t&gt; rt«, Jacob
 1.. Pax &gt;rt, Norristown, M »tt’»n:nerv f nrity.
 )nio. —(‘hi istian Doual iv&gt;n, (’incinnati; G. W
 -Falter, l&gt;it&lt; a; Valentine Nicholson, larvi-ysl/urgh,
 Warrc Cntrily Sa uu d Brooke, Sal on.
 MuaiGA'. —R &gt;beii Banks, Detroit.
 LWV OF NEWSPAPERS.
 1. Sobsei ib»r« who do not give express n itir" to
 the contrary, art* considered as wishing to continue
 'heir subscript! ms.
 2. If tmb.a.'iiliei'B order the dinermtinu'vice of their
 papers, the publisher* may continue to s. id until all j
 arrearage* arc paid.
 3. If s ilwei ilier* ucgl-ret or refuse to take their
 p;.jH*rr from the oil! eto which Ul'V an (iire'te I, they I
 are held resjKinsibk* till they settle their hill and order
 their tKipers to lie discontinue I.
 4. If subscribers m «vc to other pl.ihcs without
 iufir ningthe publisher, an l their pape r is scut to i
 til? f,rn *r direction, they are hell responsible.
 5. Trie court* have decided that refusing to lake
 a newspaper or |*wiodical Irom the office, or removing
 an I I aving it u.trailed for, is prim* fade evidence of
 lofritfiuil it trail
 Removals. —In giving notice of a change of
 resilience, lie .-ure and state the Post Oitlce to which
 the paper lias formerly lieen sent. S
 THE NORTH STAR.
 ROCItKSTKR, DECF-MBKII X IBP.
 the colored convention.
 Wt pivc Mr. Nell’s r-dport of the doing* of
 this Convention, as the best we have seen.
 The crowded state, of our columns prevents
 our publishing in the present number, any ol
 the able and interesting reports which en-.
 gaged the attention of that body. \Y e shall
 attend to them in our next.
 For the confidence reposed in me,
 liv an appointment as your delegate to
 tip; National Convention of colored
 Americans and their friends, l tender
 mv sincere thanks. 'Flic mission was
 accepted with mu:h diffidence, from an
 an prehension of the responsibility which
 its d itics would necessarily' involve
 u„| encouraged by your Committee, I
 aill IZ led a. liberty l« Beeline tl.e
 service your favor had conferred upon
 IU The Convention assembled on Wed
 nesday, at ten o’clock, a.m., Oct. Oth,
 LSI7. at the Liberty Street church, in
 Trov New York, and organized under
 the following officers, viz
 Nathan Johnson, of New Bedford,
 Massachusetts, President.
 Ur. Jatncs McCune Smith and Peyton
 Harris, of New York, and Rev. J.VYk C.
 Pennington, of Connecticut, ice-1 re-
 S,d \VUUam H Topp, Char Jes B. liav, j
 of New York, and William C. Ne 11,.;
 „f Mas.achu.ctM, Secretaries.
 Henry H (iarnctl, Charles B. Ray,
 e, n J (.ennard C .llins, of Massachusetts,
 Willis Hodges, of New York, and Lewis
 Hayden, of Michigan, Business Com
 ,n The number of delegates enrolled
 was sixtY-Six, of whom New York
 gave forty-four; Massachusetts, fifteen;,
 Connecticut, two; and Pennsylva- j
 nia New Jersey, New Hampshire,!
 Vermont, Kentucky and Michigan one
 each There was one delegate (Ben-'
 jamin Wt*den,) from a large constitu
 ency at NorthamjUon, who, being im
 pressed with the importance ot aholish
 all complexional distinction, and
 influencing the Convention by a
 positive demonstration, recorded their
 names in full upon his credentials, two-!
 thirds of whom were white citizens,
 wtiirh fart was received by the Con
 vention with hearty applause, suggest
 ing an expression of the hope trom
 -several members, that future gatherings
 w il! be characterized by delegates in
 g nxl numbers of white and colored
 persons, prompted by n common feel
 ing against slavery and prejudice. 'Phis
 i* alter all, the most feasible plan for
 eradicating the font spirit of easte. The
 barrier of sepat .tion, if ever pi Crated,
 must be by onion of both parties and
 lh ey who hold back, (of whatever color,)
 are verily guilty concerning their bro
 th The Committee on Education re
 ported, bv Alexander Crummell, the
 expediency of the establishment of a
 college for colored young men. In this
 roi&gt; ort was embodied a fund of argu
 ment illustrated with all that beauty ot
 diction for which its talented author has
 long enjoyed a distinguished reputation.
 It w as ably #npported by Jamea McC une
THE NORTH STAR.
Smith, who brought in aid of it his ex
 tensive learning and tart in rtatiotirtl
 exprf'iH'i'in. Their tifwa were con
 curred in by a large party in the
 Convention, btlt more especially by the
 New York delegation. Chi the opp&lt;»-
 #»te side were arrayed talent, skill, ami
 earnestness of argument, by Frederick
 Douglass, Thomas Van Rensallaer,
 Amos G. Reman. Chaih Seth, H. Tl.
 Garnett, and others, who did not dis
 cover. at present, any necessity for a
 colored college. Among the reasons in
 it** favor was urged, that such an insti
 tution would excite, among the colored
 citizens, a more general desire lor
 mental improvement; that the aspirants
 for learning wouldsooxicorapose a class.
 iu&lt;ficient tfc filPit, as Also to patronize,
 those already existing; that a field
 would hereby be opened for the employ
 ment of those qualified for professor
 ships in the various departments. It
 was also mentioned that one distin
 guished and wealthy individual had
 manifested a willingness to appropriate
 a large sum of money in aid of any
 tangible method of ameliorating the
 condition of colored Americans; and in
 the opinion of friends, the college was
 presumed to embody most of the fea
 tures of an available plan. It was fur
 ther urged that the colored youth,
 under care of colored teachers, associ
 ating with those of his own complexion
 and condition, w-ould not feel depressed
 as likely to be in other institutions,
 surrounded bv those whom he had
 always regarded as opposed to his
 equality, and, therefore, colored col
 leges were the most favorable to his
 mental growth.
 In reply, it was remarked that the
 establishment of a colored college was
 ittempted many years ago, and could
 mt succeed, being regarded by many
 is an extravagant and uncalled-for
 neasure; that it was too late in the day
 or colored people themselves to found
 mv exclusive institution; there are,
 iow, colleges and academies where they
 .•an be admitted on equal terms with
 ,vliite students, and that, therefore, the
 lecessity did not exist; and it was their
 glorious privilege to contend for equality,
 o secure every point gained, and still
 iress on for more. The fear of colored
 children sinking under the weight ol
 irejudicc in a white institution, was not
 i conclusive argument against their
 jxercising the right of entrance. The j
 :olored youth should be stimulated to,
 istablish such a character, in these;
 eats of learning, by his energy in
 itudy, and deportment towards teachers
 tnd pupils,, as to disarm opposition,
 how himself an equal, and, in despite,
 &gt;1" cold looks and repulsive treatment, j
 icw out a path to eminence and respect, j
 md, like the gem, which shines brighter j
 &gt;v attrition, become himself among
 [rood scholars the very best. Perse-,
 verance will accomplish wonders.
 Lory is replete with examples, where;
 young persons have thus, by a harino-;
 uious association, converted enemies
 into good friends. Reference wasj
 made to Massachusetts and other States,
 where the doors of many institutions ot
 learning are now thrown open, and thej
 colored student was invited to parti
 cipate freely with others. j
 Another argument, and one urged
 against every exclusive colored insti
 tution, w as, that the expense and trouble
 necessary for their establishment, could
 be employed to a more practical and
 permanent advantage in securing access,
 to those already organized. We should
 not entertain for a moment the idea of
 creating any more links ot that preju
 dice which is now binding us to earth;
 but, as other Americans, push our w ay
 through the various avenues of im
 provement and elevation.
 After an animated discussion, the
 question was taken by yeas and nays,
 and resulted in favor of the plan of a
 colored college, viz:—Yeas, 28; Nays,;
 17; and a committee of *25 was ap
 pointed to solicit funds in aid thereof.
 The other recommendation from the j
 same committee was submitted by Dj*.
 Smith, in favor of the establishment;
 of a National Press.
 The report was adopted. Y eas 27;
 nays 8.
 At the suggestion of the Committee
 on Agriculture, a resolution of thanks
 to Gerrit Smith was voted, for his
 munificent donation of lands to the
 colored men of New Work, in concur
 rence with which several speeches were
 made in favor of colored people emi
 grating from cities and locating on good
 fanning spots, where they could build
 for themselves a home, identifying
 themselves and children with the popu
 lation there settled—grow up with
 them, and thus exert a direct influence 1
 on the great question ot human free
 dom.
 A document was presented trom the
 Committee on Commerce, in which a
 companv in Jamaica proposed a plan
 for trading operations w ith their cnloreu
 brethren in the United States. A large
 committee was appointed to collect
 facts, correspond, &amp;c., and aid in acce
 lerating the spirit of commercial enter
 r, Tho evening sessions were Held at
 Morris Hall, and were set aside tor
 addresses from distinguished members
 of the Convention. A large audience
 was present on the second evening,
 when, after an inspiring song, the meet
 ing commenced with an address to the
 slaves from Hehry H. G yRXETT.
 those acquainted with his talent and
 eloquence, it will be unnecessary to
 mention that the address produced much
 sensation.
 Mr. DoroL4i«, at a subsequent meet
 ing, introduced a report on the 44 best
 means of abolishing Slavery and Caste
 in the United States,” wherein was ably
 upheld the doctrine of moral suasion in
 opposition to physical force, and which
 became in turn, as an offset to Mr.
 GaroetUi address —a protracted matter
RIGHT IS OF NO SEX-TRUTH IS OF NO COLOR-GOD IS THE FATHER OF US ALL, AND ALL WE ARB BRETHREN
of debate. They were incorporated
 with the Minolta.
 Amo* G. Bewax gave tent to his
 feelings in tt most eloquent speech on the
 pro-slavery result of the colored suffrage
 question in his native State, Connec
 ticut remarking that mmt-Uwiha of the
 Irish result nts in Connecticut, voted o
 zaintf the colored man: and though he
 had loved Ireland, revered her great
 men, sympathized with her present and
 pa~t afHi 'tione, and some ot her blood
 ifowcd in his veins, lie could not forego
 administering the burning rebuke which
 fie believed due for their recreancy to
 :he cause of human right, and tqjfthe
 nen who had never done harm to Qlfch.
 His rebuke wiis*£ertainTy a just one,
 iut perhaps needs one remark in extenu
 ltion. The opposition of Irishmen in
 \rnerica to colored men, is not so much
 in flibcnvanism as an Jltncricanitm.
 \!&gt;use of the colored people is popular,
 ind the pecuniary interest of many ot
 he Irish is promoted by imitating the
 )ad example of their pro-slavery Ameri
 can teachers. Let them be severely
 -ebuked, hut in all justice strike the
 nost guilty party the hardest blow. As
 i cheering sign of the times, the speaker
 nentioned that Judge Daggett, who
 lad been for years opposed to the ele
 vation of the colored man, had so tar
 changed his opinion as to have deposited,
 it the recent canvass, his ballot in favor.
 )f colored suffrage.
 Alexander Crummell offered a
 speech, which for beauty and chasteness
 &gt;f language, classic research, and with
 i logical expression, commanded the
 dose attention of the refined and intel
 igent audience.—Many legal gentle-
 nen, and others from the highest so-.
 :iety in Troy, were present, and must,
 lave received a favorable opinion of
 vhat can be attained by colored men,
 .rushed to the earth even though they
 ire, by the combined influence ot Church
 iftd State.
 A prominent feature in the speech of 5
 Frederick Douglass was an exhorta-'
 ion to the colored people to come out
 rom their pro-slavery churches;- ex
 laiming that liis right arm should with- j
 r before he would worship at their:
 dood-stained altars; they were not the
 •laces for colored men. This sentiment
 rented some excitement, —for colored
 nen, like others, don't care to be re
 minded of their inconsistencies.
 The influence of the public meetings
 vas most beneficial; audiences were
 lumerous and highly respectable. The
 uestion of Slavery and elevation of the
 olored man, became topics of general
 onversation, even in circles hitherto
 leaf to every association of the kind.
 The recommendation for State Con-'
 entions to discuss local grievances, i
 vas unanimously adopted. The place
 or the next National Convention was
 inally decided, but not without consid
 irable difference of opinion, to be,
 NEWARK, N. J.
 The Convention continued in session
 mtil Saturday, at 4 o’clock, P. M\,
 vhen the members united in singing
 children of the glorious dead,’ and
 nvoking upon each other the blessing
 )f God, and separated for their respec
 ivc homes.
 It may safely he asserted that much
 rood will result from this Convention,
 ntelligent men there assembled to en-j
 juire what sliall he done to extirpate
 Slavery from the land and elevate the
 character of its oppressed. Here mind
 irappled with mind, plans were proposed
 ind their merits discussed; and while;
 liscouragements, reported from any i
 ocality, awakened sympathy in kindred
 marts, the least dawn of success inspir
 'd all with a new zeal; pledging their
 &gt;verv effort to hasten the day of einan- 1
 ;i pat ion.
 The grand question at the Conven
 ion, was that of emerging, as soon a*
 »ossible, from all exclusive colored in- j
 •titutions, and becoming part and parcel
 &gt;f a general community. Colored peo
 &gt;le are learning daily that new avenues
 ire opening for their improvement in
 ill the varied business and social rela
 ionsof life, and do not wish to he he
 lind the age. The intelligent among
 hem will ‘jump onboard the Car of j
 Freedom,’ and if there are those who;
 vill cling tothe flesh-pots of Egypt, why, j
 hey should not complain ifthe advancing
 rain jostle them from the track.
 The Convention did not, because it j
 ould not, recommend any novel plan
 or elevation. Any person, of ordinary
 :alibre, must know that to become de
 rated. they must cultivate and practice
 he same traits which are elevating oth
 ;rs around them; and if it is (as indeed
 ve all feel it to be,) harder for the col
 &gt;red man than others, why then let him
 vork the harder, and, eventually the!
 summit will be attained.
 We shall not he transported, a»{
 nassc, as the fabled palace of Aladdin
 »-as by the hands of a Magician, and
 set down upon some elysian plain; but
 gdi for himself, must aim for the height,
 ind an excelsior march will soon place
 fiis feet, like the Patriarch s of
 m Pisgah's top, where the promised
 land of Equality will be presented in full
 view to his longing eyes. W. C. N.
 Boston. Oct. 1817.
 Frun ifce Liberator.
 BIXE A!fß BLACK LAWS.
 A signal proof of the practical value
 of American piety, has recently been
 afforded by the sanctimonious state ot
 Connecticut. We suppose our readers
 know there is bo State that lias made
 her phylacteries broader, or made loud
 prayers at the corners ot the streets,
 or tithed mint, anise and cummm more
 strictly than this same psalm-smging
 Connecticut. She is eminently an Or
 thodox Commonwealth. Heresy has
 abstained from her borders W an ex
 traordinary mauner. Only one or two
 Unitarian congregation* have been able
 to breathe there —and we are not qu*e
ROCHESTER, N. Y, FRIDAY, DECEMBER :3, 1847.
sure that they are uot starved to death.
 Profane amusements have stood rebuked
 before the severe virtue of her look.
 Plav-actors have fled amain before her
 face. Ball? have been looked out of
 countenance. Cards and dice are un
 known iniquities'- The Sabbath is, or
 was lately preyed by law a* briefly
 as an English pttridge. The Clergy is
 recognized a trut Theocratic Oligarchy.
 The sanctuary fe thronged from week
 to week with the desperation of a peo
 ple Stripped of tfery other diversion.
 It is the State of Colleges, Theological
 j Schools, Bible, Htssionarv, Tract, and
 Colonization SoqielfPs. If ever there
 were a nation eeatous of good Works,
 here is their habitation. The atmos
 phere that overhangs the land is heavy
 with the odor of sanctity.
 I The laws by which the piety and mo
 rality of this peculiar people were
 hedged around in the eider time, were
 denominatedbv the profane, “the Blue
 Law'*.” And that cerulean hue has
 thence been taken as the color of righ
 teous souls as well as oftrue hearts.”
 The old Blue Laws to be sure, have
 been somewhat modified, as time has
 worn on; but the spirit that dictated
 and inspired them has survived and still
 walks abroad. That spirit was the spirit
 of caste and tyranny. The spirit that
 looked about tor some to whom it might
 say—“ Stand further off. fori am ho
 lier than thou!” This spirit is still rife
 and rampant. It is still embodied in j
 laws, —of w hich the color only is chang
 ed. The Blue Lairs have given way
 to the Black Lairs —laws as cruel, as
 absurd, as unnatural, as immoral, as
 Anti-Christian as anything in the whole
 circle of the Blue Blaws, .or as their
 whole code put together. The Blue
 l.aw's were an oppression to man. The
 Black Laws are an insult to God. The
 Blue Laws contemplated the texture of
 a man’s soul—the Black Law-s that of
 his skin. The one had to do with mat
 ters within the control of those upon,
 whom they acted. The other w ith mat
 ters over which the sufferers have only
 the power of the Ethiopian over his skin,
 or the leopard over his spots. The one
 code punished men for acts of their own
 doing; the other punishes them for the
 crime of their Creator.
 Within a few weeks, an amendment
 to the Constitution of Connecticut, by
 which the equal political rights of color
 ed men with white men were recognized,
 was submitted to the suffrages of the
 People. The proposition, as far as we
 are informed, stood alone. The bald
 question whether the oolor O* the skill,
 should be a bar to political equality,
 was that which the lieges of Connec
 ticut were called together to decide.
 And what was the decision? Out of
 some fifty thousand voters, only about
 twenty-five thousand took the pains to
 express any opinion at all; and of those
 that did vote, only some Jive thousand
 were found w illing to recognize the man
 of color as a political equal with them
 selves. Those who abstained from vo-j
 ting may fairly be taken as opposed to.;
 the amendment, —so it appears that out
 of the entire voting population, but one
 tenth were free from this base, degra
 ding, absurd, inhuman, anti-Christian
 prejudice of color! We doubt whether'
 any community, in proportion to its size,
 could be found, in the world, out of this j
 country, that would not be ashamed of
 political association with such riducu-i
 lous barbarians. The Hottentots rise to j
 a high place in the scale of civiliza-j
 tion in the comparison. For we do not
 believe that even a Hottentot w'ould de-;
 ny the humanity of a Connecticut ped-j
 lar, should one find his way to his kraal,
 at least if he had never heard of this!
 demonstration on the part of the Pedlar
 State.
 The meanness of this transaction is
 a match for its absurdity. The State ol;
 Connecticut, we take it, has not the;
 slightest scruples about putting her dirty j
 hands into the pockets of these colored:
 citizens, —or rather inhabitants who are
 not citizens, —and making them pay j
 their proportion of the expenses of the
 government, in which they have no
 voice. Some seventy-five years ago
 there w'as none of the Colonies louder!
 in denunciations of the British Parlia-i
 ment for taxing them without represen
 tation than this same colony ot Connec
 ticut. She sent Israel Putnam and
 (which is more tp the purpose) Bene-j
 diet Arnold, to fight the battles of liberty.
 And having got what she wanted, as far
 as Great Britain was concerned, she
 turns round and treats a portion of her
 own population in the same manner. Ihe
 British Parliament imposed the taxes on
 tea, glass and painter’s colors, because
 it supposed that the Colonies were not
 strong enough to resist the imposition
 The State of Connecticut doosuhe very
 same thing, because she knows that the
 handful of poor colored inen within her
 borders can offer no effectual resistance
 to. this oppression. She is proved, by
 her own acts, to he recreant to principle.
 She is a traitor to the cause for which
 the Revolution was fought. She show s
 that now, at least, the spirit of Arnold
 predominates over that of Putnam in
 her composition.
 Now what can be the motive for such
 a demonstration as this' The motive|
 we apprehend to be two-lbld. It. is
 compounded partly of the w i»h which
 low grovelling natures have to tram
 ple on something beneath them. This
 accounts for much of the persecution of
 the colored people, everywhere, in the
 free States. It is a comfort to the low
 est and most degraded of the. white* to
 feel that there is a class of society which
 they ran despire and trample- In the
 State* which make the louden preten
 sions to Democracy and regard for pop
 ular rights, the popular right at nwst*
 ing and injuring the colored people with
 unpumtv is one of the most prized of
 all This element, doubtless, enters
 largely into the mental composition of
this nine-tenths of Connecticut voters, j
 But there w yet another, the influence
 of which is so less potent. There is no
 State of which a greater proportion oil
 the inhabitants are engaged in direct
 business with the South. This tratfie.
 manufacturing. Commercial and ped
 dling, extends itself through all classes
 of Society. And the result is a depth
 and bitterness of pro-elavery depravity,
 of which this vote is but an imperfect
 *JP«-
 There is but one thing to be said in
 mitigation of the sentence of unqualified
 condemnation w hich this recreant State
 deserves. And that is, that the aboli
 tionists hare hardly done their duty by
 her. They have passed by to fields of
 greater promise, and left her to the ten
 der mercies of pro-slavery religion and I
 pseudo-abolitionism. The result is aj
 proof of the value of the labors of Amer- j
 lean Theology, and of the Third Poiiti-,
 cal Party. We commend it to the
 American A. S. Society as a mission
 ary ground calling loudly upon them to
 come over and help it. A campaign or
 two carried on with the spirit with which
 the war ha 3 been carried into other
 parts of the enemy’s country, we are
 confident would make an impression,!
 the efleet of which would be seen when
 ever the question shall come up again
 for adjudication.—u.
 From Ute Liberty Chum*.
 REFORMERS,
 BY WENDELL fHILLIFS.
 Let no one who looks for fame join
 us. Let him wait rather, and be one
 of that crowd which will flock like doves
 to our windows, the moment the tirst
 gleam of success shall guide them.
 Our work is only to throw up, ourselves
 unseen, the pathway over which, un
 heeding, the triumphant majority are to
 pass, shouting the names of later and
 gaudier leaders as their watch-words.
 How few ever heard of Zachary Ma
 cauley,—the counsellor to whom A\ il- f
 bcfforcc looked up.—one who rose be-;
 fore the sun to give every hour to the
 slave, and died at last that glorious pom
 man, which the creditor ot humanity
 always is. Put thousands echo the
 easier earned fame of his son!
 How few know.any tiling of that lit
 tle committee of Quakers, who labored
 unseen in Lombard street, that W ilber
 force and Clarkson might be strong in
 the eyes of the great British people,—
 grappled uncheercd with the British
 heart, and enlisted it finally in the
 cause of Africa; Lot went down, most
 of them to their graves forgotten, while
 the gallant ship which they had launch
 ed so painfully, —baptized with a new
 name, and bannered with a new flag,
 anchored in the sale harbor of a nation's j
 welcome. i
 “We may regret,” says the Edin
 burgh Review, that those who sowed
 should not be allowed to reap, hut such
 is the ordinary course of events. By
 separating success from merit, by impo
 sing on one set of men the sacrifice and
 the labor, and giving to another the
 credit of the result, Providence seems
 to tell us that higher motives than any
 man can oiler, ought to actuate those
 who assume the responsibility ol Gov
 ernment.”
 In the place of “Government,” put
 “Reform,” and the sentiment is still
 more applicable to a cause like om;
 And grant,” says old Fuller, that
 God honors thee not to build his temple j
 in thy Parish, yet thou mayest with
 Pavitl, provide inctal and materials for
 Solomon, thy successor, to build it with. 1
 Some, reluct at the long time requi-1
 site to change the institutions of a na
 ;iori, or regenerate its public sentiment.;
 But here, too, a moment’s thought j
 ihows us, how wise in this respect is
 he order of Providence. The progress j
 vf a great reform is a nation’s school, j
 [t creates as it advances, the moral prin
 ciple, the individual independence, the
 lab it of private judgment, the enlight-;
 med public opinion, which are neces-’
 sary for its own success, and thus, by
 new moulding the national character, j
 md elevating its tone of morals, it con-j
 fers far other and greater benefits than
 its originators at first proposed. And
 urther, it naturally opens the eye to
 kindred abuses, or growing itself out j
 &gt;f a wrong principle, which has other|
 results besides this immediate one, it in- j
 sensibly prepares tne w-ay for wider andj
 more radical reform. Having once gath
 ered under its banners an army of dis-j
 interested and enthusiastic hearts, its
 slow advance keeps them in the field
 long enough to form them veteran and
 willing laborers in every good cause.
 Forty-seven years in the wilderness
 were necessary to make the Egyptian
 slave a fit soldier for Joshua to lead,
 and a fit subject for David and Solo-|
 mon l to govern.
 An acute observer has well remarked,
 speaking of the slow step ot the Eng
 lish movement for a repeal of the corn
 laws:
 The change will be delayed so long,
 that when it comes the people will have
 been instructed in the necessity for
 something more than a mere repeal of
 an act of Parliament, important as that
 appeal unquestionably i». They w
 see the necessity for an organic change j
 that Ihe cause of the en d is m selfish
 legislation, and that again springs from
 the exclusive possession by one small
 class of the legislative power; and thus
 Chartism, under the name of Com
 pfete Suffrage* will become the adored
 measure oft he middling j
 Weteomothen the tHonghtthaf care
 less History will
 her tablets the who were
 first to stem the current of eoreufrt pop
 ular opinio** H tend# to keep our
 ranks pure.
 Welcome the long years of struggle
 which show us that we are enlisted not
 or ••n*fteea*p«i*n,h«tfof»ife. Tha
discipline will make us wiser, ami im
 print deeper in our hearts the convic
 tion, that it ts from us the ranks of
 future reformers are to be recruited;
 and that to shat oar eyes to the light of
 other reformations is to be traitor to
 the past.
 HR. fcLAVS sTEKCIii
 Among the resolutions, winch it is
 my intention to present for your consid
 eration, at the conclusion of this address,
 one proposes in your behalf and mine,
 to disavow, in the most positive manner,
 aiiy desire on our part to acquire am
 foreign territory whatever, for the pur
 pose of introducing slavery into it. 1
 do not know that any citizen of the Ulil
 ted States entertains such a w ish. But
 such a motive has been often imputed to
 the slave States, and l therefore think
 it necessary to notice it on this occasion.
 My opinions on’ the subject of slavery
 are well known. They have the merit,
 if it be one, of consistency, uniformity,
 and long duration. I have ever regarded
 slavery as a great evil, a wrong—for the
 present, l fear, an irremediable w rong
 to its unfortunate victims. I should re
 joice if not a single slave breathed the
 air or was withiu the limits of our coun
 try. But here they arc, to be dealt
 with as well as we can, with a due con
 sideration of all circumstances affecting
 the security, safety and happiness of
 both races. Every Ftate has the su
 preme, uncontrolled and exclusive pow
 er to decide for itself whether slavery
 shall cease or continue within its limits,
 without any exterior intervention from
 any quarter. In States w herethe slaves
 outnumber the whites, as is the. case
 w ith several, the blacks could not he
 emancipated and invested with all the
 rights of freemen, w ithout becoming the
 governing race in those States. Colli
 sions and conflicts, between the two ra
 ces, would be inevitable, and after
 shocking scenes of rapine and carnage,
 the extinction or expulsion of the blacks
 w'ould certainly take place.
 In the State of Kentucky, near fifty
 vears ago, I thought the proportion of
 slaves, in comparison with the whites,
 was so inconsiderable ihat we might
 safely adopt a system of gradual eman
 cipation that would ultimately eradicate
 this evil in our State. That system
 w as totally different from the immediate
 abolition of slavery for which the party
 of Abolitionists of the present day con
 tend. Whether they have intended it
 or not, it is my calm and deliberate be
 lief that they have done incalculable
 mischief even to the very cause which
 they have espoused, to say nothing of
 the discord which lias been produced
 between different parts of the Union.
 According to the system, we attempt
 ed, near the close of the last century,
 all slaves in being were to remain such,
 but all who might be horn subsequent
 to a special day, were to become free
 at the age of twenty-eight, and during
 their service were to be taught to read,
 write and cypher. Thus, instead of be
 ng thrown upon the community, igno
 rant ami unprepared, as would be the
 case by immediate emancipation, they
 would have entered upon the possession
 of their freedom, capable, in some de
 cree, of enjoying it. After a Imrd
 struggle, the system was defeated, and
 I regret it extremely, as, if it bad been
 then adopted, our State would be now
 nearly rid of that reproach.
 Since that epoch, a scheme of un
 mixed benevolence has sprung up,
 which, if it had existed at that time,
 would have obviated one of the great
 est objections which was made to gra
 dual emancipation, which was the con
 tinuence of the emancipated slaves to
 abide among us. That scheme is .the
 American Colonization Society.—About
 28 years ago, a few individuals, myself
 among them, met together in the city of
 Washington, and laid the foundations
 of that society. It has gone on, amidst
 extraordinary difficulties and trials, sus
 taining itself almost entirely, by sponta
 neous and voluntary contributions, from
 individual benevolence, without scarce
 ly any aid from Government. The co
 lonies planted under its auspices,are now
 well established communities, with
 Churches, Schools, and other institu
 tions, appertaining to.thc civilized state.
 They have made successful war in re
 pelling attacks and invasions by their
 barbarous and savage neighbors. They
 have made treaties, annexed territories
 to their dominion, and are blessed with
 a free representative Government. I
 recently read a message from one of
 their Governor* to their Legislature,
 which, in point of composition, and in
 careful attention to the public aftairs of
 their Republic, would compare tdvan
 tageously with tlie messages of the Gov
 ernors of our own States. I am not
 very superstitious, but I do solemnly
 believe that these Colonies arc blessed
 with the smiles of Providence;, and, if
 we inav dare attempt penetrating the
 veil, by which he conceal* his
 dispensations from mortal eyes, that he
 designs that Africa shall be the refuge
 and the home of the descendant* of its
 ho ns and daughters, torn and dragged,
 from their native land, by lawless vio-
 Ti a philanthropic and consoling
 reflection that the moral and physical
 condition of the African race in the l f
 State*, even in a state of Slavery, is far
 better thanit would have been if their an
 cestors had not been brought from their
 native land. And if it should be the
 decree of the Great Ruler of the Uni
 verse that their descendant* shall be
 made instruments in Hi* band* in the
 establishment of Civilization and Chris
 tian Religion throughout Africa, our re
 grets, on account of the original wrong,
 will be greatly mitigated.
 It mav be argued that, in admitting
 the injustice of slavery, I admit the ne
 cessity of an instantaneous reparation.
 Inf that reju fries. uly. hnw-»
WII.UA.M C. M'.l.L, Pt.ti.a**.
 JOH.V DICK,
WHOLE NO.
I
 ever, it is not always *afe, pnoticsMo
 or possible, in the {treat movrn.cn!*
 States and public a flairs of nations t
 remedy or repair the infliction oi
 ▼ion* injustice* In the ■inception o* it,
 we may oppose and denounce it, hv i n?
 roust *vrenmi»* elertiona, but. after its
 consummation, there it often no^ other
 alternative left us but to deplore }*.r
 pet ration, and to acquiesce aa tha only
 alternative, in its existence, aa a seas
 evil than the frightful Conacquencea
 which might ensue from the vain t-n-lra
 vor to repair it. Slavery Ls one of those,
 unfortunate instances. The evd of
 was inflicted upon ua. bv the tar til
 country of ft real Britain, against all tho
 entreaties ami remonstrances cl the co
 lonics. And here it is amengst ami
 amidst us, and wc must d?*p&lt;&gt;se of it as
 heat we can uuder all the circumstance.-,
 which surround us. It continued, I&gt;*
 the importation of slave* from Africa
 in spite of Colonial resistance, h r .1
 period of more than a century ami a
 half, anil it may require an equal
 longer lapse of time' before our country
 is entirely rid of the evil. And, li
 the meantime, moderation, prudence
 ami discretion among ourselves ami the
 blessings of Providence may be all ne
 cessary to accomplish our ultimate de
 liverance from it. U\ample* of sum! it
 infliction of irreparable national cv it am:
 injustice might be multiplied to an in
 definite extent. Idle ease of the annex
 ation of Texas to the United States is a
 recent and an obvious one where, if 1
 were wrong, it cannot now be repaired.
 Texas is now an integral part of our
 Union; with its own voluntary consent
 Many of us opposed the annexation will
 honest zeal ami most earnest exertions
 Put who would now think of perpeha
 ting the folly of ousting Texas out -&gt;j
 the confederacy ami throwing her ha« k
 upon her own independence, or into tin*
 arms of Mexico? Who would now set
 to divorce her from this Union?
 1 The Creeks and five Cherokee 1:
 mis were, by the most exceptiennhu
 mean.q driven from their country, ran.
 transported beyond theMis.visaipf 1 river.
 Their lands have been fairly purchas*
 ami occupied by inhabitant*ot Georgia,
 Aiabama, Mississippi and Tennessee.
 Who would not conceive of the Aagtnn
 injustice of expelling those inhabitant
 and restoring the Indian country to tit
 (’hcrokecs and the (’reeks, under c«&gt;b
 of repairing original injustice? I'm in
 the war of our revolution, nnlli* m f
 paper mor.'-v were issued by our nnc&lt;
 tors, «s the only currency with xxhi*
 they could achieve our liberties ami
 dependence. Thousands and liundrec 1
 of families were stripped ol their In n.-*
 and tlicir all and bn light to ruin, 1*
 giving credit ami confidence to thin
 spurious currency. Stern necessity ha.
 prevented the reparation of that gect.
 national injustice.
 THE Cil.OIlY.
 Gen. Scott thus recapitulates his 1-
 es since arriving at the basin of Me
 ico:
 lO, ‘2O. Killed-—137, im
 ding II ofFicers. Wounded—."o 7, 1
 eluding &lt;&gt;*3 officers. Missing—(pr&lt;&gt;i.
 blv kilh-d) 38, rank and file. Total
 10.V3*
 September 8. Killed—l H&gt;, inelml,
 0 officers. Wound* d—(Wifi, iacimfit
 10 officers. Missing—lB, rank and M
 I 'l'otal—7B9.
 September I*3, 13, 11. Killed—l.
 including 10 officers. Wounded—7*!
 includingoBoliicers. Missing— k f9, ru.
 and file. 'Total—
 Grand total of losses—27o3, ixiclud t
 :iB3 officers.
 At the expense of twenty-seven lie.
 dred men, killed, or maimed and rn
 gled, (jen Scott has taken possi s
 of the capital of Me.xieo, from whit h
 private property ran honestly or lion
 ably he taken, and ii* which the puk
 property, consisting of inferior ordnan
 and munitions of war, i.« not partieii!
 ly valuahb* to our country. We f.
 no great glorv in this. He has ru&lt;
 oved proved that the Mexicans are r.
 paratively weak or cownrdly, or both
 a very interesting ethnological I act,
 doubt, but hardly worth so expensive
 demonstration. We would give q
 as much to know the source of. the
 gr r, as to know which is the etrom
 and most combative, the Yankee or l
 Mexican; yet we thought the l,*+—
 Park was a high price to jay for t
 former hit of knowledge. What woi
 loss of Parks have been?
 (jen. Scott sterns* to claim a gn
 deal of glory on account of the *ll
 number of his men. He is rabid on
 Union for overrating bis /0.-"*«. and
 old good y Ritchie have the tollowit
 morsel in the midst of hw glorificath
 army has been more disgn**-
 than surprised that, by some *ini.*f
 proces* on the part of certain individe*
 at borne, its number# have been gem
 allv almost trebled in our public pap»
 —beginning at Washington.*'
 He claims to have marched from
 ebla with 10,73* rank 1 and file, ami
 have raptured Mexico with (JOOO. Tb t
 undoubtedly prove* that Scott ami
 officers understand their trade, a* Y
 kecs always do, and that they and tlo”'
 men will light like devils, whereas
 Mexican soldiers will not even fight
 men. But as history is very full of* i
 ilar farts, we can not sec anything even
 novel, rnucb 1 glorious in all ti
 seems nothing b« tt* r than science, s ii
 courage, and strength waited. To fi.
 Mexican* there might have been g,.
 in a brave resistance if they had in*:
 it. But our army was not in a cot
 lion to win glory in any ease. T
 either beat three time* their number
 coward* —lio very glorious feat m
 tsinly, or they beat three times t!
 number of brave but ill-directed
 comparatively feeble meo, ngbtce
 fighting for their hearth-atoaea. U Hw*
 any gh&gt;ry »that?— fUroa^vp*
