FREDERICK DOUULABS, f
 M R. DELAW, E ,TOB
VOL I. NO. 27.
The NORTH STAR is pabtished every
 Friday, at No. 23, Buffalo Mreel,
 Opp unit tht A remit.)
 TERMS.
 Two dollar* p«r annum, n/nyt w/revr. N«
 seUcnpo.H. will he received tor u r,u th n
 eia month*.
 Ativertieementv not exreedinj; n nw, rt k
 three times for one dollar; every m*er
 tiou, twrenty-f've cent*.
 T«k objoct Of t.-e North St*r ».H be Ui attack
 Slitim in all it-* f«m&gt;* and a*prrr&gt;; aivocate
 Us.TEßvat FsiVC.fiT.os; exalt the .tai.kuJ
 •f Pusttc Mor»i.itt; promote tire moral and in
 reUeeteai i.aprove.aent of tbe Colored Peorle;
 tke da* of FREEDOM to the Three
 M.ELtoxt ef OUT Ersi-avcv Fellow Cosr
 trtmev.
 pi BUSHER’S notices.
 av- All con*—'airetions relatinf to the bunn'm
 of the pn.ier, tunic* of «ob*&lt;ril*M,
 taace*. tc,, •h.rfild addreased u Johr Dick,
 publisher. I 1
 ft*- Arent*. and all others ren.lmg name*, arc
 e&lt;iue*te&lt;l t i bn accnratc, an I £ive the P&gt;*t f#
 Iw OnuUy, and the St'it'. Each Snlcscrtlter is im
 tnediatelv credite 1 f »r money revived.
 fr&gt;* A.tv y»er*on nemiittE in tlic payment for lour
 subscribers, to I* forwarded to one address, may
 Lava a fifth copy for one year.
 fry All letuL and coiumunicatious must be post
 paid.
 LIST OF AGENTS.
 M t**»c*tt;«rTTS. —R. F. Walrutt, 21, Coruhill,
 Breton; Salima Johnson, New Bedford; lloratio W.
 Fost- r, L twill; Janie* N. Buifrnn, Lynn; Gconre
 Evan*. Worcester IWue Spooner, PKm«Mrth;
 t.*Sarle* 11. S-th, Sprinjftel 1 David Ruggles,
 Northampton; 11. Carpenter, I pt&lt;&gt;n.
 Maim. —Oliver Dennett, Portland.
 Vimojt.—Rowland T. Robinson, Nortti rer-
 fcticct. —Jonathan Leonard, New Haven
 Nr w If ivftHißf.. —Weare Tappan, Hra ’ford.
 Ne»v Vork.—Sydney H. (&gt;av, U 2, Nassau
 Street Jams McCirie S nitb, 93, West IV oahvay;
 Ja#en!i Post, Wesfburv. *1 •i'*eo Cmmtv; Marv Har
 per, Allmv; Elia* I) .tv. Mace |„n; Willetts Keese,
 Peru, Gli nan County; William S. Haltiin .ro. Trov;
 i F. Platt, Penn Van; J. Je Trey, Geneva; E. L.
 Piatt, Bath.
 Riiodf Island. —Amarancy Paine, Providence.
 Pf.MM i.riSH. —J. M. M'Ki n, 31, North Fifth
 Street, Putin telphia; G. W. Gnines, 8, Exchange
 I'la-r, Ditto; H. Vaslion, B. Mown, Pittsl«iri;;
 Willia-n Whipper, Columbia; Isaac Roberts, Jacob
 L. Pax an, Norristown. Montgomery County, Milo
 A. T iwitien I, N tw Brighton.
 O;t’o. —Christian Donaldson,Cincinnati; G. W.
 Ca-t-r, Valentine Nich dsnn, llarvcysburgh,
 W ii cn Cmiaty; Sa nttel Brooke, Saleiu.
 At 11 h:i, s. —Rolieit Banks, Detroit.
 Jsluaaa.—Joel P. Davis, Economy, Wayne Co.
S tier lions.
NEW ENGLAND ANTI-SLAVERY
 CONVENTION.
 The following Resolutions were sub
 mitted by the business Committee:
 Resolved, That the Anti-slavery
 movement has been, is, and is yet more
 to be, the means, under Providence,
 for the regeneration of the United
 States; and that its vital power is in
 uncompromising assertion of the prin
 ciple—
 That every human being has a God
 given right to manhood, and the condi
 tions of a manly life, and that it is the
 duty of mankind, collectively and indi
 vidually, to insure the unimpaired en
 joyment of this right to every member
 of society.
 Resolved, That, confirmed in this
 principle by the sanction ot the lJivine
 will, as made known in all ages, by the
 common instincts and matured judg
 ments of the human race, —by the hie
 and words of Jesus Christ, and the
 confessions of the Christian Church,
 and finally, by the Declaration of Inde
 pendence, the Supreme law ol ibis Re
 public—the American Anti-Slavery So
 ciety has but to discharge its plain duty
 in calling upon the people of the United
 States, throughout their religious and
 political organizations, and every pow
 er of their social anu personal action,
 to unite in putting away, immediately
 and forever, the inhuman, unchristian,
 anti-republican, destructive and dis
 graceful usage of Domestic Slavery.
 Resolved, That the accumulating
 experiences of every year and week art
 proving, that in declaring the Rond ol
 Union between the States broken anc
 annulled by the Annexation of Texas
 and the Mexican War, and in summon
 ing the People of the United States, ii
 their sovereign capacity, to form s
 New Union ot Freemen, the Anti-Sla
 very Society proposed a course ot con
 duct in the highest degree consistent
 with obedience to God, Christian integ
 rity, loyalty to this nation, and practi
 cal wisdom; and that, if this course
 had been followed, War would have
 been stopped, Texas made free, Slave
 ry paralyzed, and the nation redeefued
 by the adoption of a policy worthy ol
 Christian Freemen.
 Whereas, this nation, through the
 action of its national and State Legisla
 tures, the intrigues of its political par
 ties, the pussivencss of its religious
 communities, the tameness of its press,
 the supine connivance of its people, has
 yielded itself up to the guidance of the
 slaveijilding oligarchy, which bus
 ÜBur t .1 control over the Congress, the
 Ex&lt; c’ittvc, and the Judiciary of the
 United States; and
 Wnereas, notwithstanding all these
 discouraging proofs of national degen
 eracy, there are manifest signs in the
 South iu well as North, the West and
 East, &lt;*t the revival of a more humane,
 just, tree spirit among our religious and
 political bodies, and m th s heart of ouf
 communities; therefore,
 Resulted, I hut it our urgent du
 ty to seek out and propose some practi
 cal plan, whereby good men and wo
 men in all the Stales may cordially co
 operate in removing, root and branch,
 the fatal institution of Slavery which
 blasts our nation's prosperitypeace,
 nod growth.
 Resolved, That we commend to the
 instant, earnest, and thorough consid
 eration of all Anti-Slavery men and
 women throughout the United States,
 the promotion of a
 National Redemption Societv:
 whose object shall be,
 I. The total abolition of Slavery
 tbrougout the United States;
THE NORTH STAR,
2. Indemnity to our brethren and
 sisters held as slaves, for their wrongs,
 sufferings and degradation;
 3. Such aid to slaveholders, in es
 caping from their present false rela
 tions, as justice, collective responsibili
 ty for the national sin of slaveholding,
 and a true feeling of brotherly kind
 ness, may warrant.
 Resolved, That the people of the
 United States will never redeem them
 selves from the shame of past hypo
 crisies, inconsistencies and crimes, re
 claim a rightful position of honor among
 civilized and« Christian States, until by
 some act signal, public, unanimous,
 they cancel the slaveholding conces
 sions of the Con titution, the Missouri
 Compromise, and all similar compromi
 ses whether in the spirit, letter or exe
 cution of national laws, —make atone
 ment to Mexico- for the outrages inflict
 ee upon her in our war of slaveholding
 aggression,—and form a new Bond ol
 Union, under a new Constitution, wor
 thy of a Nation of United Freemen;
 and that we look forward with confident
 hope for the coming of the day of Na
 tional Reform, truly the day of Nation
 al Atonement, when our prophetic motto
 of“Epluribus Ununi” will manifest
 indeed a glorious reality.
 Resolved, That in the upward pro
 gress of public sentiment on the subject
 of emancipation, we see in the spirit
 and conduct of the great body of the
 American clergy, nothing but persever
 ing impenitence and palpable impiety;
 the professed ambassadors of Christ”
 are emphatically the bulwarks of Slave
 ry and we therefore again call upon
 all who love liberty, and revere the
 principles ofChristianity, to guard them
 as men who will be the last to come to
 the rescue of the slave, and the vindica
 tion of human rights universally.
 Resolved, That we recommend to
 the Abolitionists a more active support
 of the periodicals devoted to the cause
 —especially the Standaid and the Lib
 erator —not only by subscribing them
 selves and circulating copies at their
 own expense, but by devoting theii
 time to soliciting subscriptions from
 others.
 Resolved, That the decree of the
 French Provisional Government, abol
 ishing slavery in all the Colonies ol
 France, as essential to the honor, integ
 rity, equality and humanity of the new
 republic, ought to cover the people ol
 this country with confusion of face,
 w ho have made Slavery instead of Lib
 erty, the cornerstone of their republi
 can edifice and thus perfidiously ob
 struct the progress of freedom through
 the world.
 Resolved, That we will never throw
 any obstacle’ however slight,7n the way
 of the slaves obtaining their lrccdom in
 the most direct and summary rfivn
 ner in their power; that, so tar from
 counselling them to be content in their
 condition, wc will spare no effort to
 make them the contrary; that so far
 from advising them to bear in patience
 the evils of their condition, wc will en
 courage them, by every righteous
 means in our power, to escape from
 that condition, at their earliest opportu
 nity.
 Resolved, That, whether wc consult
 the religious or political aspects of the
 country, in regard to the Anti-Slavery
 movement, we find occasion for contin
 ual rejoicing, and are mightily strength
 ened to go onward until the last link of
 Slavery is broken.
 Resolved, That in the late national
 Democratic nomination of Lewis Cass
 for the Presidency ot the United States
 —the man who bus not only got dowm
 on his knees to the slave power, but
 like a certain reptile, crawled on his
 belly in the dust, accursed and veno
 mous —wc see again how profligate and
 spurious is the boasted democracy of
 the country—how submissive is the
 Democratic party to the mandates of
 the Southern overseers—and how uni
 versal and frightful is the apostacy to
 the cause of liberty and equal rights.
 Resolved, That whether the Presi
 dential candidate offered us as worthy
 to receive our suffrages, be Lewis Cass,
 Zachary Taylor, Winfield Scott, Henry
 Clay, Daniel Webster, Johu P. Hale,
 or Gerrit Smith, we have but one an
 swer to make to them all—NO UNION
 WITH SLAVEHOLDERS.
 Resolved, That such a fact as the
 seizure and rendition to Slavery in the
 capital of this nation, of seventy per
 sons escaping from it, with the barbar
 ous imprisonment, as criminals, of the
 men who nobly attempted their deliver
 ance, all under the sanction and at the
 instigation of the General Government,
 (when considered in its proper place,
 in the succession of such events as the
 adoption of tne Federal Constitution in
 guarantee of Slavery,—the purchase
 and admission to the Uion of Louisi
 ana the admission of slaveholding
 Missouri, Arkansas, and Florida—the
 annexation and admission of slavehold
 ing Texas—the war with free Mexico
 —the unnoticed and continual outrages,
 imprisonments and murders of the
 Northern citizens —the ignominious ex
 pulsion from the South of their legally
 appointed advocates,) fills up the mea
 sure of damniug proof, that Slavery is
 indeed the cornerstone of this Republic:
 and hence in view of this iniquitous
 Union of free with slave States, which
 gives to the conscience of the slavehold
 er the comfort of Northern participa
 tion—to his character the sustentatioo
 of Northern companionship—to his
 arm, the strength of the Northern bayo
 net—to his dungeons and instruments
 of torture, the sanction of law and na
 tional usage— to bis crime, the curren
 cy aud excuse of a uoiversa) inoral de
 gradation—we find it to be our impera
 tive and immediate duty, to raise funds,
 call conventions, send out our agents,
 circulate our periodicrls, promulgate
 lour principles, and, in fine, by all poe*
RIGHT IS OF NO SEX—TRUTH IS OF NO COLOR— GOD 19 THE FATHER OF US ALL, AND ALL WE ARE BRETHREN.
sible means, to agitate the land with
 hitherto unparalleled energy for its ini
 i mediate and utter dissolation.
 Resolved, That anxious to make the
 I best possible use of every opportunity
 which Providence affords of gaining
 the ear and rousing the heart of the
 nation, we recommend to the Massachu
 setts Anti-Slavery Society to hold, as
 I soon as convenient and profitable, a
 series of One Hundred Conventions, to
 i press on public notice tbe guilty posi
 tion of the State in renpect to national
 i slavery,—and to urg* a dissolution of
 that Union which there is no hope of
 changing,—w hich links us to such re
 sponsibility and shuts up in our jails, in
 the keeping of our agents, the noblest
 friends of humanity, and best lovers of
 their kind.
 Resolved, That we pledge to that so
 ciety the funds raised at this Conven
 tion, and declare that asking for money
 shall never be out of order at any of
 our sessions.
 Resolved, That the thanks of the
 slave and the slave’s friends are pre
 eminently due to Joshua R. Giddings
 1 lor his fearless, and unsparing rebuke
 of the slave power on the floor of Con
 gress, os well as for his frank co-opera
 tion with the most unpopular measures
 ofthe Ant -slavery movement in Ohio
 —that to no political man is the coun
 try so much indebted for the recent
 wonderful change in the tone of con
 gressional debate, as to him; and the
 only regret that we feel, in regard to
 his case, is, that in swearing to uphold
 a pro-slavery Constitution, he greatly
 impairs the force of his moral testimony
 against slavery, which can be rendered
 consistent and effectual only by his
 openly ab uring that Constitution as
 involving all who support it in the guilt
 and condemnation ot the slave system.
 From the Cincinnati Herald.
 LIBERTY'-MEN—LEAGUERS—GAR
 RISONJ ANS-ABULITIONISTS.
 There are comparatively few western
 men or southern men, who have a cor
 rect idea of the differences of opinion
 which prevail among the opponents of
 slavery. They confound the Garri
 sonians with the liberty men, and both
 with the Leaguers, and all with the
 abolitionists who yet act with the two
 great politcal parties. It is desirable
 that this misapprehension should be
 rectified, and we ask the attention ol
 our readers and especially ot our ex
 changes. to a brief statement intended

 to remove it.
 The liberty men are those slavery
 opponents who are organized as a po
 ljyc§l party, in or thaq hall
 the States of this Union, making the
 question of slavery or freedom param-J
 ount to every other question, and
 I aiming to abolish slavery under Nation- 1
 al and State Jurisdiction through the
 Constitutional action of the Federal and
 State Governments. This party is re
 presented by the National Era, at
 Washington, the Emancipator, at
 Boston, the Herald, at Philadelphia, j
 our own paper, here, and many other,
 papers in different parts ot the country.
 The members of this party differ among
 themselves, as to the extent ot the
 powers of the National Government on;
 the subject of slavery tout they all
 agree iu thinking that Government can
 and should abolish it in all places where
 it has exclusive jurisdiction, and dis
 courage it elsewhere by example,;
 recommendation, aud every legitmate
 means. They all agree, also, in re
 garding this as the primary duty of the
 Government—not to be postponed to
 any other—though no other should be
 neglected. This agreement, in regard
 ing the question of slavery as of para
 mount importance, and in determining
 their political action by this considera
 tion, is the bond of Union among liber
 men, and constitutes them a poli
 tical party.
 The Garrisonians are the members
 of the old American Anti-Slavery
 Society as it existed prior to 1839, and
 those who concur in sentiment with
 them. They are called Garrisonians
 simply because Mr. Garrison is their
 most distinguished leader. These anti-
 Slavery men admit ad that the slave
 holders claim in regard to the guar
 anties of slavery in tue National con
 stitution aud believing these guar
 anties to be miquitous and dishonorable,
 denounce the constitution as a cov
 enant with death and an agreement
 with hell,” and demand the immediate
 dissolution of the Union of the States.
 They perform, however, no practical
 measuies to effect their object. They
 refuse to vote or to aim and confine
 themselves to denunciations of slavery
 and its abettors. This constitutes a
 sect rather than a party, and are rep
 resented by the Liberator, at Boston,
 the Anti-Slavery Standard, at New
 York, and three or four other papers.
 The Leaguers are a body of citizens,
 who formerly acted with tbe Liberty
 party but becoming dissatisfied with
 the determination of that party to adopt
 no other political issue than the single
 one of slavery or freedom, held a
 Convention last year in the State of
 New York and adopted a new political
 creed, of niocteeu articles, and nonv
 -1 inated national candidates supposed to
 represent their ideas.—The members
 i o f this party hold themselves bound to
 1 in vestigate all political questions, and to
 carry forward at the same time and
 with equal steps, all political reforms
 They generally, u uot universally,
 j adopt constitutional opinions, precisely
 i the reverse of those of the Garri
 aoniana. They hold that the consti
 tution of the United States, of its own
 force, abolished slavery in the States,
 as well as in the National Territories
 and jurisdictions and that all slave
 holding is, at this moment, prohibited
 thy that instrument. They hold that
ROCHESTER, N. Y., FRIDAY, JUNE 80, 1848.
Congress has constitutional power to
 enforce this constrgetion, and to se
 cure freedom to every person by law.
 They denounce tbe Liberty men be
 cause they do not generally adopt their
 extreme views, just as the Garrisonians
 denounce them because they do not
 adopt their opposite extreme views—
 they denounce them also, because
 they, not seeing the practicability ot
 pressing, successfully or advantage
 ousiy, a dozen or twenty distinct issues
 at once, prefer to make tbe one regar
 ded by them as mom important, para
 mount, to every other. The Albany
 Patriot, at Albany, and two or three
 other papers, represent these eftizens.
 The abolitionists and Slavery op
 ponents, who yet act with their old
 parties, are those who regard the aboli
 tion of Slavery in Uuited States as
 a desirable thing* but are indisposed to
 make the Slavery question the para
 mount issue. These citizens differ
 w idely from each other in their views of
 Slavery.—Some regard it as a political
 evil only others, as criminal. Seine
 believe that Congress has power to
 abolish it throughout the country
 others that the jurisdiction of Congress
 over the subject is confined to terri
 tories, where the jurisdiction of the
 genera! government is exclusive. Some
 would limit their efforts to the exclusion
 of Slavery from new territories: others
 demaud its abolition in the District and
 wherever it can be reached. They
 agree in thinking that the practical
 work of legislative anti-slavery will be
 done by one or the other of the exist
 ing parties and they rather choose to
 stay where they are than to take inde
 pendent positions. Whig and Demo
 cratic anti-Slavery papers generally
 express the views of these citizens.
 These are the leading distinctions be
 tween the different classes of anti-slav
 ery men in this country. We purposely
 abstain from comment. We endeavor
 to give tacts and leave our readers to
 judge.
 MR. HALE’S LETTER OF AC
 CEPTANCE.
 Washington, Jan, 1, 1848.
 Sir: —Yours of the first of Novem
 ber, notilying me that die Convention
 holden at Buffalo, on the 20th and 21st
 of October last, had presented my
 name to the People of the United
 States as a candidate for the office of
 President of the United States, is be
 fore me.
 It is due to candor to say, that while
 I appreciate, in its fullest extent, the
 favorable estimation of myself by the
 members of jUiatponjjpntipq. indicated
 by the nomination, w-cre I to consult my
 own wishes, I should peremptorily de
 cline it. Deference, however, to the
 opinion of those friends who have sus
 tained me by their counsel and support,
 under circumstances aud at times well
 calculated to test the ardor of their
 zeal and sincerity of their professions,
 has induced a different determination,
 and I therefore accept the offer, and
 consent that my name may be thus used
 in connection with that office.
 In announcing to you, sir, as the
 official organ of that body, this result'
 to which 1 have come, allow me to add,
 that as that Convention before its ad
 journment made provision for the as
 sembling of another of a similar char
 acter, should unforeseen contingencies
 and emergencies render such a step
 proper, nothing would be more grateful
 to my own feelings than to find the
 good and true of every party, forgetful
 of the petty differences which have
 heretofore divided them, uniting togeth
 er in one strenuous and euergetic etfort
 to redeem the' Government ol the
 United States from the reproach to:
 which it is now justly subject, lor its
 support of human slavery, and the pres-,
 eut unjust and aggressive war it hss so,
 wantonly commenced, and is so relent- j
 lessly prosecuting for its extension and
 perpetuity.
 Whenever such a movement shall be
 made in good faith and earnest purpose.
 I shall be most glad, with the consent of
 those friends wbo have placed my name l
 before the people, to enroll inysell among
 the humblest privates in tne hosts who,
 wi.l rally under such a banner. 1 am
 not without hope that such a movement
 may yet be made.
 It is sometimes expected of an indi
 vidual when accepting a nomination for
 an important matter how re- j
 mote the chance* of his election,:
 that he give some exposition of the,
 principles he entertains, and the views
 of public policy by which he proposes
 to act.
 In accordance with such a supposed
 expectation, I will cheerfully say to you,
 Sir, that 1 coincide with the principle*
 of the resolution* adopted by the
 Convention which made the nomina
 tion.
 It has been suggested to me, and
 indeed I have private letters to the
 same effect, that doubts have been ex-
 I pressed to some extent, and perhaps
 much more generally entertained than
 expressed, whether I ready and truly
 am a Liberty Party man, and belong
 to the Liberty party,” and that a is ex
 pected of me, that in this communica
 tion I should clear up aud solve these
 doubts. To do this, it is necessary de
 finitely to understand wbat is meant by
 tbe question. If, by »t, it be intended
 to ask whether I am ready to co-oper
 ate with those who, by independent,
 (organized and individual action, are
 aiming to carry out certain principles,
 isuch as tkase embodied in the resolu
 tions of the Buffalo Convsotion, who
 desire to withdraw from the insU
 ution of Slavery that countenance and
 1 support which it unconstitutionally re
 ceives from the General Government,
 and seek it* termination hy federal ao
 tion where it exists under federal juris*
diction, and State action where it ex
 ists under State authority, ao that our
 Declaration of Independence shall he
 something more than a rhetorical flour
 ish, and the preamble of the United
 States Constitution, which declares,
 among other things, that it was ordained
 to secure the blessings of liberty to
 ourselves and to our posterity,” no
 longer be a cruel mockery, then do I
 belrng to such a party. But if it be
 supposed or intended that there is to be
 any magical influence in the name of
 party," ao that by joining it 1 thereby
 subject my public conduct to the super*
 vision or direction of its officers or
 committees, then, I nay, most em
 phatically, I do not belong to any such
 party.
 I have been once formally and sol
 emnly read out of the democratic party,
 who make such high professions of re
 gard for human rights, by a State Con
 vention, in New Hampshire, and regu
 larly excommunicated for no reason
 except a refusal to vote for a measure
 calculated and designed, by the
 open declaration of its friends, to up
 hold the interests of slavery, extend its
 influence, and secure its permanent as
 cendancy,” and I am not anxious to
 place myself speedily in a situation in
 reference to any other party, when
 any of its members may fancy they
 have the moral right to repeat the ex
 periment upon me, for any cause, real
 or fancied.
 Besides, to my mind, the great evil
 of the present day, and of our own
 country, eminently is this universal dis
 position to merge the responsibilities of
 individual character in the irresponsi
 bility of a party. Were it not for this,
 we could have a permanent and honor
 able peace with Mexico iu less than
 three months; but in their blind and
 partisan devotion, men forget that
 there is a God higher than party, or a
 rule of morals other that political expe
 diency.
 It is unnecessary for me further to
 enlarge on this subject.
 The present session of Congress,
 with the developments which are con
 stantly in progress,will afford abundant
 opportunity for those who feel any in
 terest on the subject, in addition to what
 I have already spoken and written, to
 be informed of my sentiments on the
 great practical questions of the day.
 With much respect, I am your
 friend and fellow-citizen.
 JOHN P. HALE.
 Hon. S. Lewis.
 HAIL, COLUMBIA! HAFPY LAND!’
 A Northern traveller the South, in
 a commuication to the editor of the New
 York Tribune, says:—
 While in Petersburg. I had occa
 sion to rise from a 'hasty plate’of green
 peas, on account of a rush to the win
 dows of our dining hall. I looked, and
 saw a drove of more than fifty men and;
 women, marching at a quick pace, two
 by two, going to the depot, there to
 take the Southern train of cars. It was
 a brief delegation of the peculiar insti-|
 tution,’travelling to New Orleans for
 an investment. At the depot, the
 whole drove’ were closely packed into;
 one car. A large number of the chat-!
 tels showed a sort of brut* indifference, i
 and some, a worse than brute delight, i
 at the thought of a railroad ride; while J
 others looked very sorrowful and wept
 bitterly. There was among them one
 very pretty white girl, with clear com
 plexion, long, dark hair, and hazel
 eyes. She held a white cotton hand
 kerchief to her face, and wept despair
 ingly. An intelligent looking colored
 man—her lover her cousin her
 brother—it may be a stranger!—went j
 to her, and poured from his purse into
 his hand a few small pieces of silver,
 and a bit of yellow coin, probably not
 more than a quarter-eagle, (but I
 learned afterward that it was a Urge
 majority ol his property,) and just as,
 the train was about stalling, he called
 her attention, and quietly slipped the
 gold into her band. Ske looked regret
 and thanks; she tried to return it, but
 the ears were off; and 1 felt more than
 ever the cruelty, aererity, and cold- 1
 heartlessness of slavery. I had seen it
 stated in our Northern papers that,
 slaves were carried in droves, like
 sheep, to market; but I never appre-i
 ciated or felt the fact until then.
 From the Loadoa Tiare.
 SUGAR DUTIES 11V BRITAIN.
 Were Clarkson and Wilberforee
 right or wrong in the steps they took
 in the cause of Negro Emancipation j
 Sentimentalism apart, are they to be
 numbered amidst the enlightened bene
 factors of humanity? The practical
 result of all the efforts Great Britain
 has made during the last half cent wry
 'for the abolition of slavery, is merely
 this:—Tbe gross amount of negro sla
 very throughout the world has been
 progressing fully in the ratio of tbe
 increased consumption of sugar, coffee
 and other West Indian produce, and
 Vngt.rui is losing all power of soften
 i ing or ameliorating tbe condition of tbe
 •lave. Let us suppose for a moment
 that all the legislative acta fer the abo
 lition of slavery which tbe humanity of
 philanthropists ever devised, or the
 votes of Parliament ever passed into
 law, bsd never been thought or spoken
 of, and what would have been the re
 sult? It is well to look tbe plain truth
 boldly in tbe lace, and ascertain whe
 ther the condition of tbs Alricaa has
 I been at all bettered by our exert is an—
 have paper, compensatory
 aums ef twenty millions at a tints never
 I to have been plevied from tbe English
 tax-payer; and that tbe estuaries of tbe
 African rivers bad never witpemrd tbe
 evolutions of an Eanlish squadron
 amidst their awasumta and
deadly fogs. We may fairly presume
 that in this case the slate trade bet»*&lt; n
 the African Coast and the British Wesi
 Indies would have been regularized.—
 The oscillations of demand and supph
 would have kept their even pace.
 Philanthropy, instead of doing what it
 has done, would have taken another
 form. Philanthropy would have de
 claimed as of old about the horrors ot
 tbe middle-passage, and to the soften
 ing of the horrors of the middle-pas
 sage tbe remedy would have been con
 fined. Commodious vessels adapted to
 the traffic would have been provided.
 It would have been desirable, as a
 mercantile speculation, that the human
 merchandize should have arrived sound
 in wind and limb, and fit for delivery.
 This would have come to pass, or else
 the purveyor of slaves would have reg
 ulated his business by other condition*
 than the importer of oranges from Mal
 ta or the dealer of cotton from the
 United States. Factories or entrepot*
 would have been established here and
 there along the African coast, and by
 all analogy we may presume that even
 in the interior, even in the spots where
 human beings are seized and sor'ed for
 sale, some improvement on the horror*
 of the trade might in the course of hall
 a century have been devised. Be thi*
 however as it may, it is on the condition
 of the slave when once under the pro
 tection of the British laws that we mighi
 have reflected with satisfaction. Tht
 original, the damning taint of the traflii
 we could not have washed out. Wt
 could not have restored the African
 who had been torn from his deserts ant
 his home, to the society and the fellow
 ship of earlier days,as dearly cherishec
 by him as are the more refined regret:
 for the days of his childhood by civil
 ized man. This we could not havt
 done; but we could have taken tht
 slave in Jamaica or St. Vincent as n
 slave, and have rendered his condition
 more tolerable than that of any unhappy
 being placed under similar circum
 stances. By this time a humane code
 of slave laws would have been enacted
 —the arbitrary power of corporal pun
 ishment have been taken away from the
 master; the separation of husband and
 wife,, of parent and child forbidden;
 regulations of the hours and conditions
 of labor have obtained. Ou the whole
 such a system might have been de
 vised, that, setting aside the original
 sin inherent in a traffic where man is
 the merchant and man the merchan
 dize, philanthropists might have doubt
 ed, and sterner wisdom denied, that the
 African had been the loser by a bar
 gain which removed him from the fran
 tic licenseund constant ptysical isuffer
 ing of barbarism, and placed him ever
 in the lowest degree within the pale o!
 civilization. It is conceivable, it is
 probable, considering the interval be
 tween the posting of a letter at King
 ston and its delivery in London, in May,
 1848, that the system would have sha
 ken itself into some such form as this.
 Let us now turn to what we actually
 have done.
 We have emancipated the negro.—
 We have caused such a deficiency in
 the supply of labor, and so raised its
 price in the Antilles, that th#* cost ot
 producing a ton of sugar in the British
 colonies is considerably higher than in
 foreign sugar-growing countries. Con
 currently with this measure, we have
 said to the British West Indian colonist
 —You shall at once, or within a short
 period, lose any discriminating duty
 which would place you on a footing ot
 equality with, the foreign sugar-grower.
 Your feet shall be tied, and his feet
 shall be loose, and yet you shall have
 no start in the race by which you arc ru
 ined if you lose. We are not, however,
 considering the question with reference
 to the British planters—let them perish
 by all means, and let the West Indian
 colonies be destroyed—but purely as it
 may affect slavery throughout the
 world. Sugar must be had somehow,
 and from somewhere; if not from the
 British W est Indies, then from the Bra
 zils, from the United States, from coun
 tries where it will he grown by slaves,
 whose compulsory labor we cannot reg
 ulate, whose condition we cannot bet
 ter, and whose transportation from
 Africa to the various slavcmarkets we
 cannot prevent. That is at present the
 gross results of the labors of Clarkson,
 Wilberforee, and the abolitionists.—
 They have not succeeded in checking
 the seizure of dfcves in the interior of
 Africa; they have aggravated the hor
 ror* ofthe middle-passage; they have
 driven the slave from tbe protection of
 the British flag to the tender mercies ot
 tbe Brazilian or United States planter,
 whose proceedings MURf influenced
 by any such publW'qfpu*'u a
 have softened tfkeir dealings with
 those slaves in a British colony. It L
 well, ere it be too late, to ponder upon
 these things.
 Here are a few facts from the speech
 delivered by Mr. Samuel Gurner to the
 meeting held at the London Tavern on
 Saturday:
 Since 1846, a great change had
 taken place on tbe subject of the slave
 trade. Up to that time, the »lavctrade
 had been checked by the British and
 other Governments; and the Brazils
 and Spain, not by treaty, but by acta,
 would have abandoned the traffic ii
 their sugar had been ad muted to ihu
 country at that time. The Govern
 ment of this cowntry had thrown away,
 then, a golden opportunity, but not, he
 I hoped, ao completely as not to be a bit
 ;to get R back. He would read them a
 few statistic* of the slave!rode in reewari
 {▼ears. In 1946 the number of
 that crossed the Atlantic was erthnatei
 at 46.000. In 1847 the number w«
 60,000 by official reports, but by P n
 vale mad weß-uothentieated account*, n
 was 70,000. He would wish them to
 consider weg sferotrsdf
JOHN DICK. PssMsasa.
WHOLE NOa-27.
as He *iu,d iiKi.itoa oncer
 tltes w ©I etuudaUou. Owe ■«t
 our admirals, witbin tfei promt ucbth,
 had written to his Government that he
 Lad a slaver in tow of CO tors Limit n,
 with 317 individuals onboard. '1 he
 system of packing those individuals
 was such as to make them almost a sal id
 mass ot corruption, some tew remain
 ed alive. He knew cases in which mac
 out ot ten ot the persons composing
 cargoes oi slaves died on the voyage.
 It such vessels of CO tons Here em
 ployed to transport the 60,000 slaves in
 the meeting might form some
 calculation as to the amount of deaths.
 He only told half the evils of the slave
 trade when he mentioned the horrors
 and deaths during the Atlantic voyage.
 hat it he told them of the wars and
 cruelties exercised in Africa —of the
 ruin committed in that country to get
 possession of those unfortunate individ
 uals—if he told them all they would see
 that lor every seventy thousand exported
 from Africa an equal number had been
 destroyed. He believed that the con
 sequence of the African slavetrade, ns
 now carried on, was at least I,U4M&gt;
 deaths a day.”
 This meeting in itself is do inconsid
 erable symptom of the change of pub
 lic opinion on this matter, or rather of
 the strange manner in which parties
 have been brought together who were
 formerly in diametrical antagonism.—
 The est Indian interest and the abo
 litionists are now making common
 cause, the one to preserve their estates,
 the other to prevent t*c abolition of
 slavery becoming a mere delusion.—-
 The means to be adopted for the at
 tainment of those two ends are iden
 tical.
 To-morrow, the committee an the
 sugar duties are to come to their reso
 lution upon what shall be their recom
 mendation to the House with reference
 to the degree of protection to be af
 forded to the West Indian planters for
 some years to conic. Three several
 plans have been proposed to the com
 mittee—a very elaborate one, by Lord
 George Bentuick, too lengthy and ex
 acting to be of practical service. This
 was rejected. There was a second
 scheme, of Mr. Wilson’s, with which
 tho planters were tolerably satisfied.—
 This also was discarded. There was
 a third, attributed to Mr. Goulburn and
 Mr. Cardwell, which would, we be
 lieve, have been still mere agreeable to
 the West Indian interest, but of which
 a vital clause was thrown out by the
 influence of Lord George Bentinck.—
 Thus the committee have come to a
 stand-still, and the report stands a good
 chance of going up.to the with
 out any recommendation in favor of
 protection at all, unless the proposition
 ol Sir Thomas Birch be accepted.-
 This is to the effect that the duties on
 foreign sugars shall for the next six
 years be 20s. per cwt., and on British
 sugars 10s. per. cwt., and then gradu
 ally to reduce the former duty until it
 falls to 20s. per cwt. The recom
 mendation is to he accompanied by an
 other for a large increase in the supply*
 of free-negro labor.
 '1 his would appear to be the last ef
 fort that can he made in the committee,
 and wq cull the attention ol all who do
 not desire to witness the abandonment
 of a great line of national policy to
 this most important subject. We would
 have it considered upon slavery
 grounds. The West Indian planter*
 tell us, and common sense would ap
 pear to confirm the statement, that in
 time—in a few year*—they will be able
 to boar the competition with the foreign
 sugar-grower upon equal terms. If
 this be so, the question of slavery is fa
 vorably solved. Alter all we have
 done, this last experiment is surely
 worth trying.
 A BEAUTIFIX LEGEND.
 The following is from a sermon of
 Theodore Parker on the subject of
 Rest:’
 They tell a story that one day
 Rabbi Judah ami his brethren, the
 seven pillars of Wisdom, rat in tho
 Temple on a feast day, disputing
 about rest. One said that it was to
 have attained sufficient wealth, yet
 without sin. The second, that it was
 fame and praise of all men. The third,
 that it was the possession of power to
 rule the state. The fourth, that it con
 sisted only in a happy home. The
 fifth, that it must be in the old age of
 one who is rich, powerful, famous, sur
 rounded by children's children. The
 sixth, said that all that were vain un
 less a man keep all the ritual law of
 Moses. Ami Rabbi Judah, the venera
 ble, the tallest of the brothers, said, ye
 have all spoken wisely, but one thing
 more is necessary: he can only find
 rest, who to all these things addelbthui,
 that he keepetfi the tradition of the
 elders.
 “There sat in the court a fair-haired
 boy, playing with his lilhes in his lap,
 and bearing the talk, dropped them
 w ith astonishment from his hands, and
 looked up—that hoy of twelve—aud
 said, ‘Nay, nay, fathers, he only b&gt;r
 eth rest who loves his brother as him
 self, and God with his whole heart and
 soul. He is greater than wealth and
 fame and power, happier than a happy
 home, happy without it, better ui*a
 honored age, he is a lai* to
 and above all t radii inn.’ 'Hie doctors
 were astonished. They sa»u, wheu
 cbn»icw-i*.•*&gt;*«'*•»•*
 things? And they thanked God, for,
 they said, old Men are not always wise,
 yet God be praised, that out of the
 imnrthofihw suckling has ilia
 praise become perfect,

 Tosacco. —A triple memento mori—
 dust for the nose, ashes for the mouthy
 and poison for the stomach
