Notices.
Annual Meeting.
 The 6th Annual Meeting of the Wmm
 Anti-Slavery Society will be held at Sa
 lem,,Columbiana Co., on Wsdnrtlay, Thure-j
 day, and Friday, the 16th, 17th, and °fj
 August, commencing at 10 o’clock. A- M.
 I je\ a full representation W *he alav«i
 friends come up on liua ra lon from a!)
 pans of iht Great We* The political lead
 art are marshalling their hosts for a conflict,
 thsir follower* *re rallyiug by hundreds o»
 thousand to the support of their party ban
 it,*. Time, and toooey, and labor aie ex
 pended u&gt; secure their object. And shall the
 friends of freedom, whose faith should be
 strong in the power of Truth, be lukewarm
 and indifferent while politicians are so ear
 nest in their labors, ao untiring in their zeal*
 The events of the past year should encourage
 us to renewed efTora, for every movement of
 importance which has been made, having any
 bearing upon the question of slavery, fore
 shadows the destruction of the system, and
 •be oppressors feel that it is so. The political
 pirtics will make a desperate effort to save
 themselves from the destruction their corrup
 tion has brought upon them; and ths efforts
 •f the abolitionists to maintain and enforce
 the Right should he pioportiooably great.
 Arrangements should be made at the coming
 meeting to continue the anti-slavery agitation
 by the lips of the living speaker, and to ex
 tend more widely the circulation of the So
 ciety’s paper—the Anti-Slavery Bogle. Let
 ■one of the friends who can be there, absent
 themselves for any light cause, for the pre
 sence of all, and the coucscl of all is desira
 ble.
 Besides the friends of Liberty in the West
 who will be present on the occasion, Henry
 C. Wright and Chas. C. Bcrleigh arc ex-;
 p*cted to be in attendance, and perhaps other
 representatives pf the East.
 LOT HOLMES,
 Bcrording Sec'y. j
Meetings in the West,
 Henry 0. Wright, thy Apostle of Peace,
 and Charles C. Burleigh, the eloquent Anti
 slavery Advocate, will hold meetings at the
 following places, viz: at
 Pittsburgh. Pa. June loth, 16th 1/th
 New Brighton, 19th 20th
 Louisville Ohio 22d
 Youngstown, 21th *sth
 New Lyme 27th
 Painesville, 29th
 Chs jnn Falls, July Ist &amp;2d
 Cle/eland, 4th
 Twiisburgh,
 Rich ield, Bth 9th
 su rjn 11th
 Ravenna, 13th k 11th
 Randolph, 4 »sth 16lh
 Massillon, 18th
 The meetings at New Lyme, Cleveland,
 •nd Akron, will commence at ten o’clock, A.:
 M.; the others, on the first day of the meet-.
 ings it two o’clock, P. M. j subsequent dajs
 at 10 A. M.
 The friends of Anti-Slavery and of Peace i
 are requested to make all necessary arrange
 ments for the meetings, and give as wide a
 notice as possible. Now is the time to
 agitate.
 Persons can avail themselves of this op
 portunity afforded hy these meetings to pay
 f, r the Anti-Slavery Standard, to Samvel-j
 Brooke.
NORTHERN DIVISION
 DGLEVAN STATES UNION.
 ip The Delavan States Union, Northern Divis
 ion, will meet at Great Barrington,Miss., on
 the 7th day of July at 10 o'clock A. M. So
 cieties from the east of N. York, N. Jersey,
 and the River Towns, can take the 5 P. M.,
 boat from New Vork for Hudson, where they
 can take the 6 A. M., train of cars tor Great
 Barrington. From Albany and Troy, they
 can take the 6 A. M., train from East Alba
 ny, which will arrive in Great Barrington be
 fore the procession moves.
 Let there be a general attendance. The
 following distinguished speakers are to speak
 on the occasion
 Rev. 11. 11. Garnet, Troy; Dr. J. McCune
 Smith, New York; Rev. Amos G. Beman,
 New Haven; Charles L. Remond, M esteru
 New York, Junius C. Morrel, Long Island;
 Win. H. Topp, Albany; Win. G. Allen,
 Troy; Rev. J. M. Gloster, New York; Rev.
 Charles B. Ray, New t York; Rev. J. W.j
 Logucn, Syracuse.
 LIST OF OFFICERS.
 Stephen Myers, Aloany, President; Joseph
 Segar, Columbia Co., Ist Vice President
 Nelson Asken, Pittsfield, 2d Vice President;
 Martin Cross, Catskill, 3d Vice President;
 Joseph Seemcrhorn, Lenox, 4th Vice Presi
 dent Rev. Wm. Jackson, Philadelphia,
 Treasurer; Henry Fowler,Great Barrington,
 Recording Secretary. David Thomas, Pitts
 field; Wm. H. Topp, Albany Charles L.
 Remond, Western New York,Corresponding
 Secretaries.
 Grand Marshal,'
 LEWIS JACKSON, Clarvarac.
 Assistants,
 James Taylor, New Concord, Columbia
 Co Chatlss A. Burghardt, and John G.
 Burghardt, Great Barrington Michael Jack
 eon, Hudson Thomas Welt, Spencer Town;
 William Potter, Pittsfield; one from the Ed
 win Jackson Society, Kii.dcrhook one from
 New Milford, Ct.; one from Bennington, Vt; j
 one from Boston one from W orcester.
 From each of these societies they will elect a
 marshall who must be on the ground the Till
 of July, 1818.
 J Committiu cf Arrangements at
 Great Barrincton.
 Othello Burghardt, John G. Burghardt.'
 Charles Agustus Burghardt, Samuel Smith
 of Lee; Bristol Budgworth, Kinderhook
 Joseph Pell of Hudson Chaucey Van llus
 e in, Hudson.
 Westsrn Nsw York A»ti-Mnvery Society.
 Executive Committee will meet on
 Tuesday evening next, July 4tb. at the
 Anti-Slavery O Bce, 25, Buffalo Street.
 Attendance is requested at 7 o clock pre-
 W C. NELL, Rco See.
 Jamaica.— /frm*y Fein. An arrival a
 Philadelphia with dates to the 28th tilt., states
 fist heavy rams had recently falUu i° 1
 f.rent parts of tlie island, which washed hway
 s new and beautiful church at Kingston, in
 jured several dwellings, and damaged tfce
 railroad at Spamshtown to such an extent a*
 fo m »Va it completely unjntcaHc.
From tW Muiwtinmu bpj.
 T# the Whig* mf the Eighth Ceegppw
 tee ml Dbtifet.
 It eta* i—niHbly be expccted thet too w J
 &lt;\mm Iron* some account of the proceed*
 mjr* of tbe late National Convention—te
 hifh I want as your d«leg*«s—with the rea
 sons fcr tMHteurae 1 fell it mv duty U&gt;
 sue in conneeuon with it. To answer that
 expectation— and at the aatnc time to plact(
 you ia possession of a plain statement of bcti
 —i* my present purpose.
 At the Convention by which I was chosen,
 —one of the largest ever assembled 11
 tha District.—feaoiuuons were uoamiooush
 adopted, expressive of the sentiments u
 those 1 represented io the National Con
 veniion.which, sa 1 unde mood them, require*
 tae
 I. —To advocate the principles of the Whij
 party.
 11. —To vote for undoubted Whigs fu
 office.
 HI.—To support no person not clearb
 know n to be opposed to the extension of ala
 very and
 IV.—To do nothing.directly or indirectly,t&lt;
 encourage the bartering away theoft-repeate&lt;
 pledges of Massachusetts Whigs lor the pos
 session of office.
 Guided by these landmarks, I went to tb&lt;
 Convention. You may judge of my aurprisi
 and mortification, when 1 found that thew
 principles you had with so mcch unantmit]
 adopted, and to which I felt myself bound t&lt;
 adhere, were all to be and thai
 General Taylor—who was not ouly unpledged
 to the principles, measures, policy, and or
 gamzation of the Whig party, but who had
 distinctly declared that, In no case can J
 permit mvseif to be the candidate of any }■ar
 ty, or yield myself to party schemes wat
 to be forced upon the Convention. No candi
 date from the free States, no Whigs well
 known as the Arne exponests ot the declared
 principles of the party, seemed likely to havt
 the slightest chance to receive the nomination
 of the Convention. The question of choice
 was narrowed, from the commencement, to
 Mr. Clav and General Taylor. r Io be a
 Whig from the free States, was a decided
 disadvantage; while the adoption ol the prin
 ciples of the Wihnol Proviso,” so lar from
 being a rccommendatiou, was a perfect barrier
 to success.
 Gen. Taylor was the favorite candidate of
 the slave holders, especially to the slave-ex
 tensionists and, from the very first, had been
 brought forwerd as the only Southern man
 that coud be elected.” He was never iden
 tified with the Whig party. Ha had never
 given a vole. He had frankly said, that he
 hail never made up his mind upon the leading
 questions at issue between the parties, for the
 right decision of which we had fought in
 many a sternly-contested battle-field. Not
 only had he refused to be the exponent ot
 Whig principles, but he had accepted the
 nominations of bodies of men not known or
 received as Whigs, while they scouted the
 very idea of being in any way bound by the
 acts of any National Convention. So late as
 the 20th of April, he had declared he would
 not withdraw his name if Henry Clay, or any
 other Whig should have the nomination. His
 Bupj&gt;orters are mostly from the Have holding
 States which had generally given Democratic
 majorities. Indeed, on the final ballot, of the
 whole number of votes received by General
 Taylor, ninety-seven were from States that
 voted for Mr. Polk in 1841. Those most vi
 olent in their opposition to the Wilmot Pro
 viso,” and most distinguished for their want
 jf sympathy with the liberal principles of the
 ige, were most forward and uncompromising
 n their advocacy of his claims. The dele
 fates fVoni the Whig fiee States were nearly
 rnanimous in their opposition to him. On the
 first ballot, he received but four of the ninety- J
 four votes they had in Convention. He was
 emphatically the candidate of the slave-exten-
 siou Whigs, and a class of trimming politi
 cians from States hopelessly Democratic, who j
 expected, by support and votes given him in J
 the Convention, to secure for themselves and
 friends executive appointments and executive
 patronage.
 Being neither the exponent or embodiment
 of Whig principles, nothing could done to
 pledge or commit him or his friends, to Whig
 measures. Before proceeding to ballot, a
 l resolution was offered, by a delegate from
 Ohio, declaring, in substance, that the car.di-
 dates presented by the Convention, should be j
 Whigs, fully committed to the support of
 Whig principles and measures and that they
 should be bound bv the decision of the Con- i
 vention, and support the nominee of the Con-
 vention, on w homsoever the choice should i
 fall. This resolution was offered in the spiri
 of compromise, and w ith an anxious desire to
 secure harmony of action, and, at the same
 time, save the party from the utter abandon-
 ment of everything that has distinguished its
 past history and character. It was, however, j
 received with scorn and derision, by the
 friends of General Taylor, ruled out of order, j
 and thrown out of the Convention. A simi- J
 lar proposition from the New York delegation
 shared the same fate. The friends of Gen.
 Taylor—confident, arrogant and bold—spurn-
 ed with contempt at every effort at compro- i
 misc or conciliation and we were forced j
 into the unequal struggle for the preservation j
 of the principles and organization of the
 Whig party. The balloting commenced, and J
 although Gen. Taylor, on the first ballot,
 wanted twenty-nine voles to secure his nomi- 1
 nation, it was well known that certain gentle
 men intended to give him their adhesion as 1
 soon as they could do so in such a manner as
 to appear to yield to the force of circurnstan- j
 ces, and thus partially satisfy their betrayed
 constituents. Ou the 4th ballot, Gen. Taylor
 received the nomination.
 Another effort w as then made on the part'
 of the Ohio delegation for union and harmony
 —and at the same time to save the party from
 complete disorganization. A resolution to the)
 etlect that the Whigs, in Conventiou, would
 agree to abide by the uomiuatiou of General
 Taylor, on condition of his acceptance of the
 nomination as the candidate of the Whig
 party, and his adherence to its fundamental
 principles—viz No extension of slavery over I
 territory now free no acquisition of territory i
 by conquest; protection to American mdua-;
 try; and opposition to executive usurpation
 and power. The fair proposition was also j
 received by the friends of Gen. Taylor, with
 the same arrogant opposition, ana by them
 defeated.
 Events like these, following each other in
 quick succession, convinced me that, if 1 con- i
 sented to the nomination of Gen. Taylor, it j
 must be done at the sacrifice of my own opin-;
 inns and the betnyal «i yours. This liould
 not do. Tt was repeating tie experiment of]
 John Tyler ,w ithout even any decency or show
 of nect s*ity. For such an experiment, 1 had
 no relish nor did I feel like trusting one 1
 whose principles were unknown. I went to
 Philadelphia, a Whig and 1 can truly Bay j
 that I catne home a W lug. The majority of
 the Convention, however, adopied a different
 course. Casting to the winds all the profes
 sions of years, and demolishing, at a single
 blow, the old and long-tried platform on w hich
 they had always stood, tfiey “surrendered”
 at discretion to General Taylor, and became
 the willing serfs, under him, of the contempt
 ible oligarchy ot the South.
 They voted for a man to be the standard
 bearer of the great Whip partv —that party
 which has boasted of embracing within its
 ranks the great body of the intelligence. the t
 decency, the morality, and the religion of the 1
 nation—profeasing to represent the higher
 and more reduc'd scuubh nta of the American
 people. a man, whose chief recommendation
 to those who urge his claim, is, that he is a
 slaveholder—the reputed owner of two hun-
 dred human b»iops—and the only reason far I
 whose nomination is. that he has been a suo j
 ceasful general to a war which I believe to be
 most intamous and wicked—which every.
 Whig Legislature in the free State* has de
 neußced—-which the preseut House of Repce-
 senUtives, at Washington, have voted to be
 uncocatitcycßs! and unnecessary- apd which *i
 v i- 9-
all know m waged to extend the im of
 slavery, and strengthen the slave power of the
 at the Sooth, raped at
 the fcouth, and identified. m all hta fifohnga
 hnd fctereate, with the South—*lo trhrh be
 U aa true as the needle to the pole n who
 has spent meat of his life in the camp, away
 from all association* with the musneact the
 eoontry —filing amdbg a roving tonkaf popu
 lation —allViua cMßfamon* and employments
 him U’t the administration of the
 foreign and domestic affairs of our Govern*
 meet: and to make the inconsistency and
 i profligacy null more apparent, tfaia candidate
 was not only uncommitted to any principle.
 but, by hta own admimawi. without any defi
 nite opinions upon the great questions of poli
 cy which have divided the two leading parties
 of the nation for the last twenty years, fan
 tho Whig party how lower I Can d&gt;gr&gt;dstina
 and aband'wmenl go farther Is not the
 I piesent cundiUoo ai the party a must humili
 ating one! And yet all this has been
 I forced upon ns by the arrogant demand of the
 slave power, to which we hare basely sub
 mitted.
 For yearn we have denounced the Demo
 cratic party for its servility to the South. We
 j bare held it up as her natural ally.’* We
 hat e characterized its conduct, in sol Knitting
 |to the sacrifice of Mr. Van Buren, and sup
 -1 porting Mr. Polk, at the dictation of the slave
 power, as being in the highest degree pusi
 j lanhnous and degrading. But that was inag4
 inaainuty compared with the course of the
 Whig party; for they have not only sacrificed
 i all their old and long-tried leaders and emi-
 j nent statesmen, and taken a candidate at the j
 slaveholders’ bidding—he an “out-eider,'’and j
 ■never identified with us—but, for the boon
 thus voudisafed from their masters, they have
 thrown away *R the principles for which they
 i have ever_conteoded.
 What, now, fellow-ciiisens, was I, your
 delegate—who have been known, fur years,
 to be opposed to Karery, in all its forms, and
 elected by you, knowing ve bat my principles
 1 were—to do Should I, by approving this
 coutse, give the lie to my own professions and
 'your unanimously recorded vole! I would
 not do it. I could nut be false to mv own
 1 convictions of duty and your deliberately-re
 corded opinions, to gainthe applause or es
 cape the censure af any man or body of men.
 Would you have so ditected! Would yon
 have done so, had you been there yourselves!
 Painful as was the trial—knowing, as I did,
 that 1 should probably sacrifice the friendship
 of those whose good opinion I highly prized
 —1 announced to the Convention that 1 should
 not be bound by its nomination; but should
 fo home and do all I could to oppose it; and
 ventured the assertion, in your behalf, that
 the six thousand Whigs of the District—
 who had sustained John Quincy Adams
 through his long and glorious career
 would spurn, with scorn and contempt, a
 nomination forced upon them by the arrogance
 of the South, aided by the servility of the
 North.
 And if anylbing was wanting to justify ray
 conduct, at the time of making this announce
 ment, the subsequent course of events in the'
 Convention filled up the deficiency and the
 measure of its degradation. The Wilmot
 Pioviso” was presented to the Convention by
 the Ohio delegation, and received with the
 same spiritof defiance and denunciation which
 all previous dibits of the friends of Northern
 rights had excited. Its friends were de
 nounced ae factionists, who came there to dis
 turb the harmony of the Convention. Yes,
 he great principle of Free Territory, which
 had received in Congress the support of the
 party and been supported by all the Whig
 Legislatures of the free States, was de-
 naunced in that National Convention, and in- j
 dignaotly laid upon the table, while its sup
 porters were brow-beaten, insulted, and de
 nounced. And anolher ciicumstance, equally
 significant and in character, was the fact,
 that the Convention broke up without adopting
 a single resolution or recording a single opin
 ion upon the great questions of the day.—
 Nothing was said about the war—about the
 acquisition of territory—nothing about ihe
 events in Europe, or any other stirring themes
 of this most wonderful period in the history
 of the world. For what, then, are you to
 to labor, in the support you are invited to give
 to the ticket thus nominated! A Whig vic
 tory. But of what advantage can a Whig
 victory, gained undersuch auspices, be to you, 1
 the yeomanry, the rank and file of the party
 Of w hat possible benefit to the country? Such j
 a victory will be barren of all good, at least
 to the free North.
 “A barern sceptic in their g;i|~e,
 Thence to be wrenc bed by sn utilineal hand, j
 No son of theirs succeeding.”
 For such a victory I had no desire. I w ill
 have nothing to do with such an utter aban-
 donment of principles. I wash my bands
 now and forever of all possible agency in j
 such an ignoble work as this, to which we
 have been invited by the trading politicians or
 the party. 1 will not trade away the rights'
 of freemen, nor ignore tlte whole question ofi
 American slavery, merely for the election of!
 a few office-seekers to places of trust and
 power—especially those who have shown
 themselves thus unfaithful to the true interests
 of the party, the country, to a common human
 ity, and to God.
 I know that the idea is held out, that al
 though Geaifol Taylor may not have much
 experience as a statesman, and may not be
 exactly our first choice, yet being honest, he
 will suiround himself by a Whig Cabinet, by
 w hich the present reign of misrule will be
 broken, and there shall be a return of the
 Government to the principles of the party.
 Let not the honest treemen of the North “lay
 this flattering uncuon to their souls.” The
 reckless adveutuiers, the fiery spirits of the
 South-west, who have brought forward Gen.
 Tavlor from the obscurity of a frontier camp,
 and of whose principles he is the exponent
 and champion, have not done it all without a
 consideration.” Hot only i 9 he to be the
 leader, under w bora the last act of the Mexi-1
 can war u to be consummated, its appropri
 ation of the ceded temtoiy now free to sla
 very, which can only be done by executive
 permission, but we cannot suppose that, hav
 ing made all these personal exertions and ex
 penditures, they will step quietly aside and
 let a sober Whig administration, made up of
 our leading statesmen, enjoy the fruits of
 their toils. It is expecting too much, that
 men who, in the Coeveuuoa, wuh power but
 in expectancy, and when conciliation would
 seem necessary to secure the accomplishment
 ol tfieir bold schemes, should, when firmly
 seated in the administration, become modest
 and forbearing. No; General lay lor will
 come in, if he comes in at all, unpledged to
 any man or measures, except such as in se
 cret cabal he lias counselled with and who
 have chosen httn as their leader. His elec
 tion will be but another Southern victory.—
 A heady have the leading politicians ol "De
 mocratic South Carolina expressed them
 selves as better satisfies with him than with
 Geo. Cass. And the probability is greatest
 at this moment, that the policy of his admin
 istration will be such as would be dictated
 bv John C. Calfious, rather than Darnel
 Webster.
 Fellow citizens, I coma back to you from
 Philadelphia to return to you U»c trust imposed
 upon me. As a report of my doings there, I
 claim that,
 Fint —1 hare advocated the principles of
 tho Whig party.
 Second —l nave voted for Whigs ss candi
 dates.
 Third—l have supported 00 person not be
 lieved by me to be fully opposed to the ex ten
 bion of slavery.
 Foorth —I have done nothing directly or
 indirectly to encourage the trading away of
 Ihe pledgee of Massachusetts Whigs for the
 mere pssums of otfica.
 la cooduswa, fettow-atneas. permit me u&gt;
 fcay, that 1 have acted alter mature tsdertiaa.
 I have acted according to the cmmrtipp el
 ray judgment and the dictates of conscience.
 have anticipated the sacrifice—l have count
 ed the com. I have expected to be denounced;
 vor have I dosed my cvee to the probable
 extfoopa «a 1
 m
sundering of ike friendly relation of inn
 I bote not been jiafpouiKißttm denim-
 Stations koto already bee* ipped Woo me
 Sven by some wruh obom Hat* long keen m;
 fortune totd And reilfoleothfog to re
 nnet. No Im&gt; of political nrwajd, and nc
 fcar of iviiflM ond deouuciOtMJC, will detei
 ■te from acting op to my momietwa of duty,
 in resisting the extension of humani olotetj
 ord the arrogant detnnods of the oboa power
 which have not on It put in jeoponlt the n»
 ties,but toned the Whig p«tj F 1 1
 disgraced position. 'Hie approbation of po
 litical friends is grateful to our 1
 consciousness of duties performed is inon
 grateful still. To the sober second thought*
 of the people am content to trust for a justi
 hesuoo of my course.
 HENRY WILSON.
 Natick, Jane 14,1849.
 THE NORTH STAR.
 T
 ROCHESTER, JUNE 30, 1848.
 Diab Rcadcks, —A set ere illness during
 the past week, has pretented me from attend
 ing to the editorial department of this numbei
 of the North Star. I hate been for mon
 than a year past, seriously troubled with en
 larged and frequently inflamed tonsils, whirl
 has operated tery disadvantageous!? to mj
 public speaking, as well as caused me much
 suffering. On Friday last, I was induced tc
 hate a surginal operation performed, and the
 tonsils remoted and though I hate suffered
 much by the operation, my readers will be
 glad to knew that I already feel material!;
 benefited by it, and hope to be able to dis
 charge my editorial'*duties without incon
 venience next week.
 FREDERICK DOUGLASS.
 The Press sad the Presidency.
 There are few things more disagreeable
 to the ingenuous and conscientious man, than
 to be placed in a* position in which he is
 forced or thinks hirrself under the necessity
 of speaking or acting in direct contradiction to
 his own opinions. One has a feeling of hu
 miliation and self-degradation in such circum
 stances, that almost forces him to blush fbi
 very shame and indignation at bis own pol
 troonery and meanness, and confess to him
 self, whether others form the same estimate
 of lus character or not, that his conduct is
 rile and despicable, and that he has forfeited
 all claim to respect and confidence. The re
 cent display of Pertinax-M icsycophantism by
 many at least of the Whig journals, has by
 no means had the effect of raising to a higher
 level the standard of human character. Some
 there are, that from being the decided oppo
 nents of General Taylor, have become his
 wannest and most determined supporters.—
 True, they generally give a reason for their
 change of sentiment. They may as well,
 however, for any* attention that is paid to
 their asseverations and protestations, have
 saved themselves the trouble. No one cares
 anything about their reasons. Every one
 knows full well what they amount to, and
 tint they are, in fact, only sound and fury
 signifying—nothing.” That a man may
 have good grounds lor a change of sentiment,
 is self-avident; indeed, there is nothing more
 natural for the conscientious and inquiring
 mind, than to undergo a change—nay, many
 changes. Strange indeed were it not so.—
 New truths, and new views of old truths,
 cannot fail to be elucidatod by such minds.—
 These are the natural and legitimate results
 of inquiry—they art' the Avowed and proper
 object of inquirers—without which all their
 efforts are fruitless, aimless, and their labor
 unproductive. Such genuine changes of opin
 ion, however, are easily distinguishable from
 all those of spurious origin. The genuine
 changes, more frequently than otherwise,work
 injuriously to the interests of the person who
 avows them; while the mere pretences have
 of course a tendency, or at least a supposed
 tendency, directly the reverse. For a man
 to avow the adoption of views directly op
 posed to the prevailing spirit of the day, or
 contrary to lrs ow n interests, he must be pos
 sessed of moral courage and conscientious ad
 herence to truth. Such mea are the reform,
 ers—the discoverers of the times. It is their
 place, and they are by nature fitted for it.—■
 None else need undertake that office—they
 are sure to fail, and show to the wmild the
 shallow foundation on which their pretences
 rest. The opposite course—that of gliding
 smoothly along the stream, and joining in
 with the popular voice, is the easiest and the
 most profiiable. Hence we find those Whig
 and other journals which, if they performed
 their duty aright, would be the pioneers of
 public sentiment, and would lead the way to
 reform and improvement in our social condi
 tion, instead of fulfilling this their proper
 duty, basely pander to what they suppose the
 prevailing opinion, and instead oi being the
 heralds of progress, are the mere echoes of
 ignorance. The fountain must purify itself,
 ere it can send forth pure waters.
 While such has been the effect on some
 papers of the recent nomination of General
 Taylor, others, and this by no means a small
 proportion, are vying with each oiher in their
 efforts to show that they have long held and
 advocated the aame opinion, ar.d glory in the
 shame of having iongotnee asserted the fit
 ness of this man-stealing, man-slaying mis
 creant, to be President of the United States.
 Very possibly be is fit. A few months will
 decide whether these journals have formed a
 correct estimate of American morality. Like
 President, like people. If the Americans as
 a people, approve, or have the spirit of war
 and man-stealing prevailing among them—
 what more appropriate than that they should
 have a man-stealing warrior for President’—
 If the Americans, as a people, form a mean
 estimate of intelligence, and have an obtuse
 perception of right and wrong—what more
 reasonable than that they should have a man
 w ho confesses himself to be ignorant of poli
 hucal affaire, and has been long schooled
 amid the immoral and corrupt mg influences of
 a camp, for President If the Americans, as
 a people, entertain the idea that they have al
 foady attained ihe acme of perfection, and
 that they cannot advance one step further,
 w hai more in accordance with such antiquated
 and conceited notions, than that they should
 elect a man who is behind the ago, far their
 President! None other would he a proper
 exponent of thetr views none other reaid
 five true expression to their sentiments.
 The following M u extract, illustrative of
 the state of feelisg on this subject, fjopi the 1
 Blue Hen’s Chiefcen:
 'Yho Vf-u TBK Fitax ’—Many of our ex-!
 ♦emporann are mapifevting a great anxiety to
stow that their love far GEN. ZACH is of
 ioeg, very long attndiM, and t» deeply rooted
 The Delaware Journal claims far itself
 irnwthof one fall v«f, tod almost a qun
 ter over,” and the Delaware Republican doe
 Jjfat claim for itsetf touch leas credit. On
 CHICKEN” to net inclined to be leas mad
 1 set than the Journal and the Republican am
 |We shall therefore giro here, as near aa par
 stoic, what wo remember from the past. W
 said, J'Jy 17th, 1816, two years ago withi
 i lone month:
 Rocca aan Rsadt.—'This great Genera
 i for President would ran like wild-fire amonj
 the people, wbo are clear-sighted to the men
 'of great and good men.’" Again, on »h
 same day “Democratic Whigs, be ready fo
 the contest of 1848. ROUGH AND READ!
 will be the people's candidate for the Preai
 deoey.” We are no ptopbeta, but on IbeTt!
 day of August, 1848, we run up to the ben
 of our columns the honored names of JOH?
 M. CLAYTON, and Gen. Z. TAYLOR
 expressing then, as we have ever since freti
 time to tune, that we were far CLAYTO?
 aud TAYOR, or TAYLOR and CLA TON
 for the Presidtncir and Vice Presidency.
 To the chuice of candidates for the firs
 offices in the gift oi the people made bv tin
 W hig delegates, we however acquiesce cheer
 fully. W ith regard to the non-success o
 the favorite and gifted son of Delaware, Hon
 John M. Clayton, we say with confident*
 within ourselves, Better*luck and full jus
 tice next tune.”
 Alas for the paper that can make
 of such an act! Alas for the people, if then
 are any such, who follow the leadings of sucl
 aa organ !—j. o.
 1 Polypi.
 The polypus is the connecting link belwcer
 the animal and the vegetable kingdoms. I
 j possesses some of this organs of animal life,
 i and perforins some of the functions of animal
 j existence. At one time it exhibits considers
 ble signs of animation and again, it coulti
 'not be distinguished from the suirounding
 'plants and vegetables. “I say ’tis green,
 'sir”—“l say 'tis grey, sir”—was the gisi
 'of the chameleon quarrel. I say 'tis dead,
 sir”—“ I say it lives, six,” may be tho gisi
 of some future quarrel about the polypus.—
 There is a species of polypus, not set down
 in any classification by Linnaeus, which is
 specially deserving of notice. It has a very
 close affinity to the cotton plant, and weekly
 manifests certain doubtful signs of vitality.—
 Sometimes it veritably lives—there can be nc
 mistake about that; at other times, we musi
 look with considerable vigilance, to discovei
 i that it is anything more than so much cotton.
 ,One of this species qf singular productions,
 (though there are various other specimens,
 particularly a very remarkable one at Wash
 ington.) is to be found in Kentucky, in the
 neighborhood of Louisville. Those who are
 interested in such inquiries, should not fail to
 make themselves acquainted with it. Not
 long since, this polypus was accused of being
 more alive than it thought just; and by cer
 tain very unmistakable wriggles, manifested
 its displeasure. It is certainly very unfair,
 and by no means agreeable, to be called worse
 than one is and it is far from being desirable
 ■Tor various reasons, at certain times, to be
 called better. Some excuse themselves with
 great vehemence from the honor of being
 called fanatics others would consider them
 selves gieatly injured, if they were suspected
 of being religious. Some Kentucky friend
 of the Louisville Examiner, the specimen of
 polypus above referred to, foully asperses that
 paper as follows
 THE MISREPRESENTATION.
 lie cares not what becomes of the mani
 fold interests of Kcntdeky, of the citizens of
 Kentucky, so that he can succeed in
 grafting abolitionism into the fundamental law
 of the State.”
 Now, this is a very fearful charge to make
 against such a sensible, sober, popeVholy
 watcr sort of a paper as the Louisville Exam
 iner. lie accordingly repels the base calumny
 in language sufficiently expressive of his in-
 I dignation, and of the estimation in which he
 holds all those who thus belie him
 THE REPLY.
 Favorite scheme of Abolitionism
 Why, leading Whigs, leading Democrats,
 now, and m timeapast, are for Emancipation.
 Are they to be thus denounced I Are their
 views to be thus fafc died leading ministers
 of thegospd, native-born, their all here, and
 devoting their all to the State, are for emanci
 pation. Are they to be spit upon, traduced,
 because this writer chooses to indulge in un
 just suspicion and false charges 1 If so, we
 suffer in good company.
 What language can we use in reply 1
 How shall we meet such an opponent We
 can only let him rave on. But let him pass.
 We trust that he will grew wiser as he grew*
 older. We cannot, at least, notice him again
 unless he docs so.”
 This writer, it would seem, considers him
 self traduced, spit upon,” in the good com
 pany of leading Whigs, leading Democrats,
 and leading ministers of the gospel,” because
 he is classed with Abolitionists. What a
 grievous defamation of character Could
 r
 anything be inure unjust or unreasonable
 He an Abolitionist! He be considered in any
 way a party to the violent language and vio
 lent measures of Abolitionists,! Nay verily
 Leading Whigs, leading Democrats, and
 leading ministers of the gosj.el,” are the
 company of his choice, and whose friendship
 he is anxious to achieve. Doubtless he will
 have his reward but only at the expense of
 that independence of j-arty which he makes
 bis boast. That it ta impossible to do other
 wise in the part of the country where this;
 paper is pubhsbad, is the ready reply of the;
 timid friends of such exponents of ami-sla
 very sentiment. There may be some truth in
 this excuse but bolder men would certainly
 use bolder language; at all events, they
 would call things by their right names, and
 cot be guilty of the gross absurdity, not to
 say positive profanity, which this paper com
 mits, m another article of the same number,
 as to speak of generous and manly slave
 holders.” To be generous and manly,”
 and at the same time a slaveholder, seems to
 us of the North to be an impossibility. Prob
 ably the meaning of language ia Kentucky is
 not the same ss it is in New Y'ork. Gen
 erous sod manly” to Kentucky, it is hardy
 possible, may mean despicable and inhu
 man” if m, the terms employed ate inoet
 just and appropriate.— j. d.
 Mastis \an Buaxx The Washington
 correspondent of the New York Express,
 wales that the aomioatioa of Mr. Van Boren
 by the I'taConvention, created great aston
 ish meet and consternation at the espitol. It
 la abo stated that the President Ip aboct to
 send a message to Con greys, selling upon that
 body to prolong the present session until all
 the Territorial questions now before the peo
 ple* fre r*nj settled according to law. J 1
 this I# aa, the vexed question of slavery wi) j
 create a toif both fa and oat of Congreea.
9
 Mwmmmt,
 Omt more the wheel of old Time hat
 roller round the glonoae Summer. Once
 wn duitn forth in til kii iphnJor
 tuff magnificence, gilding erery object with a
 •ha4e of ha owe dazzling bnlhvnco num
 mooing into life, and beauty, and fragrance,
 *Um» flowers that dock the garden, and the
 grans that clothes the lawn—covering the
 trees of the forest w itb verdure, and the trees
 of the orchard with fruit. Once more, the
 bees bum out their bust song, ever active and
 j laborious, gathering sweets from the modest
 dais? and the gaudy dahlia—and the soft
 j w *°d sounds a lullaby through the treea and
 the birds sing the lo triumjht of renewed
 life, and youth, and beauty, for their victory
 over ruin, decay, and death.
 Summer! what may compare with the
 loveliness and grandeur of a summer day?
 How miserably tame and paltry are all the
 gildings and trappings of the most splendid
 exhibitions, compared with this! The paint*
 ed scenery of a theatre or a panorama, what
 a mere daub it is, when placed side by side
 with the scenery of nature. Not that I un
 dervalue painting no—it is good, it is beau
 tiful but who vyouJd look at the face of a
 lovely and valued friend, through the reflec
 tion of a microscopic mirror, when he could
 see the original. No painting, however per
 fect it may be, can ever supply the place of
 the copy. In the breath of the one there is
 life, balm, fragrance; the other breathes not
 at all, but is cold, dull, dead. The one is full
 of life, and motion, an* vigor the trees nf
 the other wave not, its rivers glide not, and
 its corn-fields are motionless. The voices of
 nature are full of mosie and harmony; tlie
 painting has no voice—iis birds have no song
 there is no rippfing of waters—no humming
 of insects—no rustling of the wind among
 the trees. The gauzy drapery of clouds that
 veils the bright face of Nature’s heaven, is
 ever dancing, changing, and assuming all
 manner of fantastic shapes and figures in
 the painting, the clouds are ever the same
 and unvarying. The painting belongs to this
 or that man, who happens to have dollars
 enough to purchase it; but the clouds, and
 the blue sky, and the clear sunshine, and the
 singing biids, and the rippling stream, and
 the balmy fragrance of a summer day—oh,
 thank Heaven no dollars can buy up these
 they are the possession of the poorest, as
 well as the most wealthy the most selfish
 monopolist cannot monopolise these. Who
 is there that would barter a poetic apprecia
 tion of the beauties of Nature, and the music
 of Nature, and the glories of Nature, for all
 the heaped up treasures of the sordid money
 lover
 The warbling woodland, the resounding shore,
 The pomp of groves and garniture of fiel !s,
 All that the genial ray of morning gilds,
 A id ait that echoes to the song of even,
 Oh, how can man renounce, and hope to be for
 given I’*
 Summer! it is the season of lifj and acti
 vity—the time for labor. The artisan toils
 amid the dusty streets of the city the farm
 er, with the sweat upon his brow, amid the
 furrows of his farm; and the bondman, be
 neath the scorching blaze of the Southern
 sun, amongst the rice swamps and sugar
 fields. How different their condition The
 artisan, when the day or the week ends, ex
 pects and receives the reward of his labor,
 and enjoys the domestic pleasures of friends
 and family. The farmer’s labor is to him a
 blessing; for it brings with it health, and
 strength, and freedom. But the toiling bond
 man! what are his expectations? what his
 hopes what his enjoyments His family
 they are not his; at the close of the day’s
 labor, he may return to his shed, and find
 them gone—gone, sold and gone,” perhaps
 heartbroken and despairing, where he sluil! see
 them no more, llis reward it is the oaths,
 and curses, and the lash of the inhuman task
 master. His hopes! they were lung since
 blighted, blasted for ever beneath the burden
 of a direful bondage. There is no summer
 in his soul; his days are all alike sunless,
 hopeless; he is degraded, debased, brutified;
 he is a slave. Oh, what a depth of degrada
 tion is summed up in that word—a slave 1
 Who can understand and appreciate the
 misery of his condition But he is not the
 only sufferer. It lias been proved in the past,
 as it will be also in the future hiatory of the
 world, that a necessary punishment invariably
 attaches to all violations of moial right and
 equity. Who can estimate the guilt and
 the consequent punishment w hich must soon
 er or later overtake this slaveholding nation
 May the slaveholder be led, by that beuefi
 cence of Heaven which sends summer and
 fruitful seasons, to break every yoke, and let
 the oppressed go free! —j. d.
 The Slave Insurrection at Martin
 ique.—The B ibioii Traveller says, Captain
 Saunders, of the brig Spartan, arrived at tin»
 port on Sunday from Surinam, reports that he
 touched at the island of Martinique on Sun
 day, the 28lh ultimo. He brings do later
 news, but stales as to the bloodshed caused bv
 the rebellion, that he heard of but one family
 killed and two men shot. It was supposed
 there *heo he sailed, that the blacks would
 go to work again in a day or two.
 Abduction or Slavas.—A cm respondent
 of the St. Louis Republican says, this county
 '(Alexandria, Clarke county, Musoun,) is
 just now in an unpleasant state of excitement,
 pw ing to an abduction of eigh slaves, and
 iheir detention by citizens of lowa. As soon
 is it was discovered, they were pursued and
 overhauled at West Point, lowa. A trial
 was had, and the negroes delivered up, but
 the mob seized them, drove off th dr owners,
 and stalled with them in the direction of
 Burlington.
 Abolition or Slavery in Cohsecticvt.
 —Os the #th instant, a bill was passed in the
 Assembly of Connecticut, by which all slave
 ry is forever abolished in that State. No
 law completely abolishing slavery has pre
 viously existed m Connecticut, and there axe
 at present some eight or tea slaves in the
 State, who by the provisions of this set are
 entitled to a support from their former mas
 ters.
 A Criminal.——The Baltimore Hun” i»-
 fornpite rasters that Stephen Raider, o*
 fln—s i:| U. Maryland, has been eon noted
 of 44 having in Iris poaaesetni certain pwiuree
 of an AboKtton character, contrary to
 of Assembly in sneh cases." Some books,
 of geography state that the people of Mary-
 Had are Christians and tepublicao*
 t r
New Eagleml AalMHamT Ceaveatiea«
 Incidents, Ac.
 It it a fart worthy of record, that aside
 from the absorbing interest which attracts
 large numbers to the May Coirrentioa, and
 other gatherings of Abohtionists, very many
 others are induced to yield attendance, because
 of the meritorious variety both in manner and
 matter of the aperehea there generated. Of
 tboee, who thus venture to indulge a rorioa*
 ty or love ef excitement, a fair proportion are
 usually convicted of their pro-slsvery sins,
 and in due process of time, acknowledge
 themselves paosrlytes to the truths of anti-sla
 very.
 These meetings present a strong contrast
 to most others—in the fset, that Abolitionists
 really have something to talk about, and
 faithfully perform their duty. Slavery ia the
 monster enl iu the United States, which when
 eradicated, the leaner evils can be more readily
 disposed of.
 The Abolitionists too, are the most consist*
 ent friends of fra speech, and if opponents pro*
 sent themselves with ever so great s quantity
 of indignation bottled up, only let the fact be
 known, and they are invited to the platform
 and listened to with an attention almost sag*
 gestive of a doubt as to whether or not Garri
 son had erred in pronouncing slavery a ain
 and the slaveholder a sinner. The Abolition
 ists many ot them, emulate each other in self*
 denial and rare devouon for the cause sake
 and u hen Stephen S. Foster urges integrity
 of character, that pro-slavery may aoticbake
 them—and consistency of prvfeasioa with
 practice, that the sword of their denunciation
 may not be biuoted and L&lt; ring Moody en*
 forces the omnipresent need ef remembering
 the chums of the bondman, as being indeed
 bound with him or Adin Ballou, that we
 must be faithful to duty w hether governments
 or individuals interpose—it will be found upon
 observation that abolitionists generally blend
 the details of every day life in accordance
 with sentiments advocated on the platform.
 The anti-slavery mission is regarded by
 them, as far transcending the piere ecclesias
 tical or political organizations of the land, in*
 asmuch as Humanity is more sacred than
 sectarian dogmas, or party subserviency—and
 abolitionists who have been such for any num
 ber of years, arc often beard to acknowledge
 that the cause bad been to them a school,
 w herein to form a character to flow out ia
 blessings on all around, and especially upon
 the oppressed portion of community. It could
 hardly be otherwise, for ibe purest and best
 minds of the country are to be found in tho
 ranks of abolitionists. Association with each
 other must tend to elevate and refine the heart.
 In advocacy of the hundred Conventions,
 Mr. Phillips remarked.in substance that,
 Thr&gt;re is a tids in the affairs of men,
 W liich taken at the flood leads on to fortune
 and that the present was one which if improv
 ed by abolitionists, would tend tu the success
 of their cause—the incident at Washington,
 in which Sayres and Dray ton—the William
 Tell and William Wallace of the day, had at
 tempted deliverance for the slaves on board
 the Pearl, and their imprisonment for the no
 ble deed, bad enlisted public attention all
 eyes were directed to the National Prison at
 W ashington, and we should exert our influ
 ence to ke p up the excitement. The spirit of
 revolution was abroad, the enthusiasm of na-
 Hons acted upon nations—there could not be a
 better ruoraout if poetry had chooeo it tho
 idea should be constantly presented to the
 ma-ses until such an indignalian is enkindled,
 that were the jail in Boston, or even in New
 York w here the eye as woll as the ear can bo
 appealed to, it would be torn down as tho
 French did ihe Basilic.
 AY e ask you then, to give us your money
 give us die power of talking and submitting
 the principles and facts of anti-slavery to the
 people—lead tlie cause the back-giound of
 your influence in the social circle and various
 relations ol life. The slave is toiling in tho
 Carolina.*, and we are bound by every consid
 eration of humanity to stir him up to such an
 uneasiness in his chains, that he will not be
 satisfied aliort of the liberty which bdoogs
 alike to all men the State should erect it«
 banner of encouragement to the bondman and,
 terror to his master.
 The object of these meetings, ia to regener
 ate public sentiment and create such a detes
 tation of slavery, that all will hasten in their
 chosen way its annihilation. No one can tell
 how it will be effected, whether w ith or with
 out the dissolution of the ConstUut.ou but
 let all act according to their judgment, only
 let them act earnestly, for this is no holiday
 work words unaccompanied with deeds,
 have shipwrecked the church —we invoke the
 deeds, that will redeem a uuliou troio its
 fatal compromises and mistakes, create w re
 ality a model republic, and rescue the Bible
 from being claimed as the corner atone of
 slavery.
 There is already some anti slavery senti
 ment at the North which is an offshoot from
 the disunion doctrines—this must be used
 the people would *oon be ready if they bad
 leaders and abolitionists should lake advan
 tage of the harvest, and not trust it to poli
 ticians, for the parties have bved out their vi
 ta.'ity and they know it a battle is hall fought
 when the forces are properly marshalled.—
 \Y e must persevere battery by battery,
 trench by trench not dealing in
 but speaking the plain truth to the slavehold-.
 er and his apologist; not using words merely,
 to exasperate, but omit none for the sake of it;
 we must gain the ultra point tkus in the pin-,
 kmopliy of reform. We w ant she self denial of
 early abolitionists—the devotion and seal of
 the party, that our every exertion may be
 forth to rid tho land of its sin.
 In reply to some remarks on densnetatwo,
 the speaker observed that abolitionists dapro
 rated M as much as any ooe, bat thoegfct that
 thuw who remembered tbe giant evil with
 which they contended; the opposition too, of
 Church ai,d Hute, strayed agaiost iu discus
 aw.n—the apsthy of the people,would have de
 cision to find but little fault. AJI reformers
 kad used deuuocuUuo; is proof of which ref
 erence was made to tho sayings and dtooca of
 those, who had hceo piqseeis»«the Tegeaerw
 uoaof society from eatfceot ago* t«th* pies
 out, in comparison with many of whcaa tho
 anti-slavery denunciations were but uasoaod
 weak, and woaid bo so regarded vrhea wo,
 who now otter them are m oar graves. Tho
 eaose and the time alike that the
 troth should be told—it was doe to the toiling
 tsifltoos, that wo should not waste time la
 hunt op choice and delicate kngyfs m which
 to apeak ef their wxoe§i. it ts as hard to e^»
 t*;i} t;- AIV
