FREDERICK DOUGLASS,
 M R DELANY, E»irom«.
VOL. I. NO. 28.
Tl it NORTH STAR in pvfalhhed every
 Friday, at No. 2J, BalTalo Street,
 (&lt;fpprrlt tKr ArraAt
 TERMS.
 Two dollar* per annum, «/wijo m mArtmr*. N*
 •uU»cri|&gt;ttou will l* received 6&gt;f trr,a 1
 •ix month*.
 Advertinemeaf not exree.lioc ten line*
 three time* for one dollar; evco »u»»«4 UCI
 tiou, twenty-five rent*.
 Tni of til'- v 'RT.I St*« »i« atta« k
 BtifltT in *H «t- f*— an 1
 Ur.rtitut E«»-c.r*T.«v, exalt lh* Mandnrd
 of Puattc M«a*t.rr; ,*umote the moral and m-
 Ullectual ii«pr«veii»ent of U* Coloheu PM-etr.;
 and h»e. day FREEDOM to ifae Thk«
 M.ll.ok* Of our Fellow Cot.t-
 PUBLISHER’S NOTICES.
 fry. 411 communications rclaim* to the btumtft
 _ jZt. of the paper, name* of *uW nlrr*. remtt
 tMwee. kc. f efeml'i be ad lrenwd t» JoHJi I»ick,
 an! all other* *en:lins am re
 ,q .e.ted’t. he aceamte, an I trive the I
 o,u*tf, an l t!ie E-ub r&gt;ub*cril*r »m
 -tnediatelv crcdited f&gt;r money received.
 try. 4‘„v person send in? in the payment for four
 •wbscriliers, to Ije forwarded to one aJJiess,
 liav* a fifth copy for one year.
 (vy* All letters and communications must t&gt;c post
 paid.
 LIST OF AGENTS.
 M k sv*cHi:«v TTS.—.R. F. W*£« tt 21 C«n»hjll,
 Boiton; Nation J.dinaon, New Be Ifor I; Horatio V
 Uost-r, Unwell; J im'*
 Evans, W'orrest-r BmWie S|K»oncr, I Umouth,
 Charles 11. Ss‘t. S,.r, o Z &lt;iel I David Rubles,
 Northampton; H. Carpenter, J plon.
 M*,v r..—Oliver D noetf, Portland.
 VtaaoxT.—Rowland T. Rohinson, North I er-
 NKsvll*Vfes hi V. —We are rappan, I .ra for d.
 Nr-vv York.— Syhiey 11. Gn\, 112, Nassau
 Sireet •J» m-s MCui S null, 93, &gt;-&gt;t B'oa I way
 Jo*eph' Post, W-sth f-y, &lt;l'ieen (Nnntv; Marv Har
 aer, Albany Elias 1) tv, Mace lon W ilh-tt, kewe.
 Peru, Clinton f'luinty; William S. Ualtim &gt;re, I mv;
 f. F.’ Platt, Penn Y in; J. Je licy, Geneva; E. L.
 Piatt, Bath.
 Hiiuuc Islvjiu.—Amaraney Paine, 1 rovidenee.
 P f.x ss ti-v a n i s.—J. M. M’"Kim,3l, N orili 1' ifth
 Streat, Philalelphia; G. W. Guines, 8, Exr4iai«e
 Dr,, tfcn H. B- Bow Pittslmi
 Wiliia s U hipper, Cohi-nhia; Isaac R .l&gt;erLs, Jacob
 U. Pax u N orristown, M County, Milo
 A. Townxexl, hem Brighton.
 Ohio.—Christian Donat bum, Cincinnati; G.
 Carter, Ditto; Valentine Nicholson, Marveydmigh,
 Warren Coisty, 8* b-k-1 Brooke, Salem.
 Vtcaic ts.’-R ,l*«rt Banks. Detroit.
 IxuiAX*.—Joel P. Dm*, Economy, Wayne Co.
oclc (lions.
 j] j&gt; The Missa -husetts Spy, one of the
 moat powetlul A\ liig Journals in the Old liny
 State, thus nobly and boldly spurns the
 bloodhound and slavehulding mid slavery
 propagating candidate of tiie W hig party.
 There are others of the same sort in the old
 t/om men wealth. W here is
 ia the Tribune? \V Utare i-s Neiv \ork A’tli
 •lavery Wh^gcry*
 or it positton
 *fn I&gt;ip midst of the disappointment
 and chagrin which was telt, on the first
 receipt of the nomination ol (*en.
 Taylor, hv the Philatlelphia Conven
 tion, we felt that it would be most sale
 and prudent to form no determination
 •as to the course we should pursue in
 relation thereto, till we had taken time,
 deliberately, to survey the whole
 ground, and to see whether any new
 •developments might he made, whereby
 our dutv to our country, to the cause
 •of liberty,- and to our own convictions
 of right, might not, possibly, be recon
 ciled to what then seemed so repugnant
 to our feelings —the support ol the
 nomination. This course we have
 steadily pursued, regardless ol the
 earnest entreaties of lriends, on the
 one side or the other, or of the attempt,
 in a certain quarter, to browbeat us
 into an abandonment of it. We have
 endeavored, in view of the most solemn
 obligation which rests upon us, as pat
 riots and Christians to come to a right
 conclusion, and we have been compel
 led to the conviction, that we cannot,
 under any probable state ol circum
 stances, yield our assent to the nomi
 nation, and give it our support. Tl
 do so would, in our apprehension, belie
 the professions made by us and other
 Whig papers, for years past.
 Gen. Taylor is hound by the strong
 est of all possible ties to the slave
 power of the country—by interest, bv
 family and social relations, and by all
 the habits and associations of his life.
 He holds hundreds of his fellow beings
 in the most cruel bondage, and he finds
 his warmest advocates am &gt;ng the most
 ultra upholders of slavery—men who
 litnow bun well, and who tolerate no
 wart at i »n from their views on that ques
 iti ur Should the Whigs unite on him
 .and elect him to the otlice. they w &gt;uld
 find the party hound to slavery by the
 most unyielding hands. If they should
 A&amp;cmpt to sustain that relation, they
 wovld raise a tempest at the North
 which would sweep them from power,
 at ouo* aj)d forever. If they should
 attempt tu Weak away from it, they
 would liud themselves precisely in the
 situation they u/cmx* jur.der J« hn Tyler,
 responsible for having placed him in
 powev, but without any control above
 his acts or sympathy wirir them, hut
 under circumstances far more fatal to
 ttoetn, for th»*v would have placed them
 selves in the position with their eyes
 open, hither contingency would be
 death to the party—a death Ural knows
 no resurrection.
 e might dwell on Gen, Taylor’s
 uil&amp;r want of qualification for the otlice,
 and quote the savings of the whig pa
 pers on tins point on former occasions
 —on the danger, also, which the same
 papers have so often deprecated, ol
 putting merely military men mto civil
 office—and especially on the tremend
 ous danger at this time, of uniting am
 concentrating the military power anc
 spirit, and the slave power too, in the
 person of the executive magistrate
 but we have not time, nor is it nec
 esyary now. We shall have occasioi
 to speak of them hereafter.
 The question of the extension oi
 pon-txtension of slavery into all th&lt;
THE NORTH STAR.
vast regions under our control, which
 must soon come into our Union, as
 States, either under the bright folds of
 the banner of Liberty, or under the
 black pirate flag of slavery, is now the
 gn at and absorbing political question 1
 ol the day. It will override every
 other, because it is of more vital im
 portance than all others. The pre
 dominance of the slave power is the
 prolitic mother of nearly all our poli
 tical evils, and now, when it seeks to
 plant itself, more securely than
 behind new entrenchments, built uroNi
 free soil, is the tiinetomeet it,
 and firmly, as our fathers met their
 oppressors, and to drive it hack within
 its own heaven-accursed borders. The
 Whigs of the North have, over and
 over, in their papers, in their popular
 assemblies, and in their legislative
 halls, proclaimed the nonexteusion of
 slavery, as a cardinal principle of their
 creed. The bone and muscle of the
 party, the rank and file, the men on
 w hom it depends for most of what it
 embodies of moral worth, of vitality,
 and of power, will he true as steel to
 that principle, and will carry it forward
 to that tiiuinph which us surely awaits
 it, as the rising of to-morrows’s
 sun.
 The supporters of Gen. Taylor dare
 not, because they cannot, go into the
 contest under the banner of Free
 Territory.” To put forth Taylor and
 no extension of slavery” as a reliving
 cry would be an insult on the under
 standing of the people, an attempt to
 imp a nuinbug upon them so mon
 hii jus ;nu alHuid, us to ca*t that of
 1 Ik, 1 ahas, and the Turitfof ltil’2,”
 into Lie sonde of coinpaialive itisig
 miicancc.
 Our course, then, is a plain one, and
 straight forward. We have no new
 principles to proclaim— no new path to
 mark out. here we have stood in
 years gone by, up to the present time,
 tirmly in defence ol Libcity and Right,
 side by side with our country and all
 her cheris.ied interests, there we shall
 still stand, sustaining and upholding
 those, and those only, politically, who
 1 remain true to the same principles. If
 friends, with whom we have acted,
 bewildered by the mists of “expedien
 cy,’ and “availability,” are led aside
 into devious paths, much as we may
 feel the separation, we cannot go with
 I them. If such be tfie case, we trust
 that I fie political separation may be in
 mutual good will, and that no other ties
 which unite us, may he weakened ther.
 by. Conceding to them the same
 purify of intention.which we claim for
 ourselves, we will cherish, with every*
 pulsation of our hsart, t!»c hope that we
 shall soon be aide to sec alike,
 and tiiat the time is not far distant,
 when we shall he cordially united, as
 we have been heretofore, and acting
 together in a united phalanx on the
 i same platform, in upholding the rights
 'of humanity ami the liberties of our
 common country.
From tlie New York llcral.l.
 SPEECH OF JOHN C. CALIIOUN,
 The Oregon Bill—extension of Slavery.

 Mr. Calhoun said:
 Mr. Picsidcnt: The slaveholding and
 non-slaveholding States stand on very
 unequal grounds in regard to the ques
 tion under consideration. The foimer
 ask for no laws, nn privilege but they
 are willing to concede to the latter;
 they ask for nothing hut that they may
 he permitted to remain on that equality
 with their sisters of the confederacy,
 which was established hy the Constitu
 tion; while the non-slaveholing States
 ask for the enactment of such laws as
 will give them a monopoly of the terri
 tory belonging to the Union, and which
 will have the effect of excluding the
 people o the Southern States. Mr.
 President, 1 will not ask from the North
 anything 1 will not yield front the South;
 nor will 1 yield anything from the
 S' uth which would not he yielded hy
 the North. 1 wish, sir, to argue this
 question dispassionately, mid not upon
 party grounds. 1 shall direct tny ob
 servation to ascertain the rights and
 maintain the rights of all parties, as the
 only way to put an end to this danger
 ous question. The constitution is to
 decide, and, on constitutional "rounds
 alone, I will look at it. With these
 preliminary remarks, Mr. President, I
 c&lt; ii to the qu Minn- have the Don
 s'.•« i.c.tkng mu' s the power to put
 d .wii in tiiv 'laveholdin" States?
 ou hiul uo sv :i j i r m the constitu
 tion itself. Titerc you will find that all
 States are common in lights; tliere is
 no disparity; so writers declare, and so
 all usages prove. Can the fact that
 there is a slaveholding population
 among us affect the question of *our
 rights? The slave population was as
 neuily equal then as it is now, and that
 is the only d&lt; script ion ol property re
 cognized hy tilt* constitution, strength
 ens the assumption that the Constitu
 tion never intended that inequa hty
 should exist; and here, too, we find
 that the framers of the constitution nev
 er intended th'Te should be a discrimi
 nation between these portions of the
 Union and any other portions. Mr.
 President, if the power then exists; if
 it is not to be found in tiie charter of
 our government; if it exists at all, it
 must then be found in the constitutional
 compacts; and if it exists not there,
 the power exists not at ail, unless you
 can show a positive, acknowledged
 power in the Constitution upon this
 broad basis. I now ask, sir, where is
 the power to he found belonging to
 Congress of admitting into territories
 of the Union one portion of the people
 and their property, and for excluding
 another? It cannot be found. It does
 not exist. I contend that the constitu
 tion&amp;l clause giving power to Congress
 l to dispose of, and make regulations re
RIGHT IS OF NO SEX—TRUTH IS OF NO COLOR—GOD IS THE FATHER OF US ALL, AND ALL WE ARE BRETHREN.
specting territories of the United States,!
 does not refer to the government ot|
 Auch territories, but simply to the dis-|
 position or care of said territories. As'
 to the public lands of the Union, not a
 word is said about population. The
 power of Congress in exclusive legisla
 tion over this District, and over places
 occupied in the States for dock-yards,
 &amp;.C., strengthens this construction ol
 the slave, respecting the territories;:
 and though Congress has exclusive le
 gislation over this District, the sover
 #ignty remains in Maryland entire, and
 without the assent of Maryland, slavery
 cannot be constitutionally abolished in
 this District. Having thus shown that
 Congress has no constitutional power
 over the question of slavery in the ter
 ritory, the whole chain of authorities
 cited yesterday by the gentleman from
 Ncv f York, (Mr. Dix,) from the basis
 upon which they are here erected,fall to
 the ground.
 Mr. C. then gave a history of the
 ordinance of 1787. Virginia coded
 the North-west territory in 1704, and
 Mr. C. cited the attempts of every suc
 ceeding year to introduce as a funda
 mental law of this territory this princi
 ple of the proviso. They were all de
 fended till 1787, when a compromise
 was agreed to by the South assenting
 to the exclusion of slavery, and the
 North .agreeing to restore all fugitive
 slaves arrested within their bordeis.—
 It wus a compromise; there was no
 commitment by the South on the ab
 stract question of the power of Con
 gress over this compromise; it was n
 compromise agreed upon before the
 adoption of the constitution, and under
 the last days of the old confederation,
 at a time when it was hardly compos
 mentis. It could not be quoted as a
 power of the constitution; the South
 faithfully adhered to their pait of this
 ordinance. lam sorry to say that the
 North have not faithfully kept their part
 of this compromise. Instead of re
 storing our slaves, all the Noith-west
 ern Stales, except Illinois and Wiscon
 sin, have passed laws against the re
 storation of fugitive slaves. The north
 west have done more; they have
 given countenance to organized com
 panies, and permitted them to pilfer
 our slaves, and to run them off to
 C'anada.
 Mr. Hannegan—Will the Senator
 refer to any law of Indiana?
 Mr, Calhoun—l gather my facts from
 the report of my colleague on this sub
 ject; nearly ail the States, North and
 North-west, have passed laws against
 the restoration of fugitive slaves.
 Mr. Hannegan —Indiana has passed
 no such law.
 Mr. Butler explained that Indiana
 and Michgan were exceptions.
 Mr. Hannegan—lndiana assuredly is.
 Mr. Calhoun—l am glad to hear it.
 I should be happy to hear that there
 were no organized companies for run
 ning slaves i.i Ohio and other States.
 Mr. Corwin—Does the Senator say
 there are incorporated companies of
 this sort in Ohio?
 Mr. Calhoun—Oh, no; I said organ
 ized companies.
 Mr. Butler—And if the Senator from
 Ohio wants evidence of this fact, I can
 procure it. We have proofs.
 Mr. Calhoun resumed—The South
 had acquiesced to the federal ordinance.
 They acquiesced to the Missouri com
 promise. They have not acquiesced to
 the other side.
 Mr. C. then defended Mr. Jefferson
 in his position on this question. He
 had the same apprehensions of this abo
 lition which we now entertain. In a
 letter to Mr. Adams, in 1819, he says,
 he fools no uneasiness in respect to
 the hank or bankrupt laws, or manufac
 tories, or treaties: all these are billows
 that will pass under the ship; but the
 Missouri question is greater than that
 bar; the* vessel of state may be strand
 ed and foundered.” This was in 1819.
 In IS2O the compromise caine up.
 Here Mr. C. had a letter read from
 Jefferson to John Holmes, dated April
 *27, 1820, in which this Missouri ques
 tion is compared to a lire hell in tiie
 night, filling the mind with terror,
 sounding like a knell of the Union, and
 as the question which cannot Jie oblit
 erated. We have the wolf by the ears,
 and can neither hold him or let him
 go,” &amp;.C. Such were the prophetic
 tears of Mr. Jefferson. Mr. President,
 mark these prophetic words—mark the
 profound reasoning upon which it is
 louuded—mark the prophetic and mel
 ancholy impression which it made upon
 his mind. Sir, there is evidence ol
 great foresight, deep patriotism, and
 profound melancholy, and yet the date
 of Jefferson is usedtooigauize sectional
 differences on this very question. He
 is not without blame; he made a great
 error in moving that short proposition to
 to the In st ordinance on the government.
 In consequence, however, in my opin
 ion, ol the state of the times, ai.d w hich
 I rnay explain in the course of my re
 marks, having show n there is no power
 m the government, and the Missouri
 compromise and all other compromises
 fall to the ground, I come to the ques
 tion—has Congress any power to legis
 late? Sir, it would be foolish and
 ideal to den/ it* power, while we
 are legislating here lor the establish
 ment of a territory, when a session
 rises up, and moves to lay the bill on
 the table. Yes, sir, Congress ha*
 power, aud the only question is, first,
 lor whom it is done; secondly, what if
 1 its honor? Judge Marshall states thal
 the power applies to that pf acquiring
 territory; aud I am more thoroughly
 t confirmed in this view, because, long
 before I was aware of Judge Marshall’i
 i opinion, 1 entertained the same opinion
 If you acquire territory, you do so lot
 some purpose; yon acquire to occupy
 to possess, to use, and control; to gov
 era and if not, this power would b&lt;
 1
ROCHESTER, N. Y., FRIDAY, JULY 7, 1818.
the most absurd and ridiculous thing
 in the world. I Agree with the Senator
 from New York to-day, that we have
 the right to acquire territory. It be
 longs to the war-making power; but,
 sir, if there be any gentleman who dif
 fers from me, I have not a word to say.
 I regard the agency as of no import
 ance; let it be what it may, it does not
 exist as an absolute power. I recog
 nize it as the sole power; but that is a
 very different thing from despotic pow
 er. All despotic powers are absolute;
 but it does not follow that all powers
 are absolute. Sir, we are forbidden by
 the constitution to grant patents ol no
 bility. Can we do that in territories?
 We are not permitted, except in case ol
 war, to suspend the habeas corpus act.
 Can we do so in territories.' All these
 are limitations, and being so, show that
 the power of Congress is not absolute.
 But this is not all. We are the trus
 tees of the people, we are the mere
 representatives to administer the terri
 tories for the benefit of all. We are
 merely invested with a trust power.
 We have no absolute power over the
 question. I appeal to all able lawyers
 on this floor, if trust power is not lim
 ited to keeping for the trustees to whom
 the property belong. Now, I ask tu
 whom that property belongs To the
 people of the United States Have
 vou a right, as security trust, to make
 a discrimination between one class ol
 citizens and another? Have you a
 right to exclude one portion of citizens
 because they have slave property, by
 excluding their property No, sir, you
 have not. There are two other propo
 sitions which have been presented, it
 not here, elsewhere. It has been said
 that territories have the light to estab
 lish their own laws in this respect.—
 Well, sir, we must be either bound by
 a constitution or by some other power.
 If the former, then all the arguments
 fall to the ground. If the latter, there,
 sir, the territories instead of being the
 territories of the United States, become
 the territory of the people occupying
 them, the very first half dozen or more
 squatters, who divest you of your terri
 tories.
 You conquer a territory of Mexico;
 and the inhabitants of it, the Mexicans,
 become the owners of it, and not you,
 according to this most absurd idta.—
 Tim Protestant religion cannot enter
 M&lt;**ico until w’c have a law to allow it;
 for the Mexican laws prohibit it.—
 Would our people respect such a law?
 No, sir; it is qhsurd. Well, sir, will
 you say that our cattle and citizens
 cannotjgo to California, until you have
 a law' passed to.repeal their law, foi
 their law prohibits it, and a law against
 slavery is just as absurd as these Mr.
 President, I have now stated all the
 points 1 intend to put; and I have
 stated enough, I think; I may say 1
 have made out my case, that no power
 exists which can prohibit any portion ol
 the citizens from equal rights; hut il
 sophistry could make this appear to he
 constitutional, it is not sufficient; you
 possess power to exercise it; you must
 show us your case, justly and rightly tc
 do so. The constitution may give you
 power; hut the next question is, can
 you rightfully and justly do so? Sir, 1
 put the question solemnly to the non
 slaveholding States, for I wish to do so
 in all solemnity—can they justly and
 rightfully do so? We are partners
 rightfully, we have given our shaie ol
 the common fund for the common good,
 and can you justly and rightfully ex
 clude us? If you exclude us, you must
 approve of the principle that in a part
 nership of common rights, the stronger
 party can rightfully exclude the weaker
 from an equal shaie. But I come now
 to the question, How was the territory
 acquired? I think that we acquired it
 in consequence of the purchase of Lou
 isiana. From our purchases from Spain
 next; by the discoveries of Lewis and
 Clark; and next in the Jefferson nego
 tiations. Louisiana cost us fifteen
 millions; Florida, five millions —com-
 ing out of a common fund. Ihe ex
 plorations of Lewis and Clark were
 paid for out of a common fund —so that
 under every aspect w r e are lull contrib
 utors to all. Now, sir, would it be
 proper, under all these aspects, to de
 prive us of equal rights? Would you
 do it in private life? And why, if you
 would not do it to thirty men, should
 you do it to thirty States? Well, I
 come to Caliiornia and New Mexico.—
 Have the slaveholding States had an
 equal share in the war? In both ways
 fortune was so that a larger portion of
 military renown would tall to the share
 of the South than the North, W ell,
 shall territory thus acquired be exclu
 sively the property of a party r Sir,
 these are questions to heaits, not the
 heads. If a man decides them wrong,
 it is proof of malformation of deep
 seated prejudice. Now, sir, I ask my
 fellow-citizens from non-slaveholding
 States, What are you prepared to dor
 ,\re you prepared to put at defiance all
 rights and justice." It so, vote against
 the amendment of my friend from Miss
 issippi, Mr. J. Havis. If that wont do,
 vote iu favor of the lili section, ami
 we shall know what is intended. Il
 not, put us on your ground, where we
 can stand up and say we are equal.—
 We are here on common terms. Now,
 sir, 1 turn to my friends on slavehold
 ing. What are you to do, if neither
 the Constitution nor justice will protect
 you? Are vou prepared to smk down
 and acknowledge the justness of these
 acts? Sirs, if that be the case, you
 j have wofully degenerated from youi
 sires. If you not, and the othei
 side declines to do justice, what a spec
 tacle will be exhibited! If I havt
 wished to push these questions now o*
 1 the eve of the Presidential election, it«
 because I saw it was the only time wbei
 j a reflection of events could bt
 attracted.
Well, Mr. President, this brings us
 to the great question. How is this to
 be settled? the question can never be
 effectually settled but by leaving it to
 the constitution. Let not the North
 say if left to itself, the constitution will
 be*excluded; for that is in my opinion
 a great error; for 1 give it as my opin
 ion that slave territory would, on an
 average, not exceed 35 at one time
 may be a little North; sometime south;
 but that makes no difference; for dan
 ger lays in a strait line. Leave it to
 circumstances, and I tell my friends
 from the North, that there was never a
 greater mistake than to suppose that
 slave labor excluded all other. For
 all classes of laborers, except two,
 there is no place where labor is so ele
 vated as in the South. A southern
 man will not become either a body or
 a house servant. Sir, there is not a
 laboring while man about me, who will
 not insist upon sitting at iny table, and
 lam proud it is so. Does such a state
 exist in the North? lam proud it does
 exist in the South; and I hope never to
 see the day when any Southern man
 will permit a w hite man to brush his hat
 or clean his boots. The sooner this
 question is settled the better for all.—
 The sooner it reaches a certain point
 the better: and I solemnly believe that
 we are now near that point. Mr. Pre
 sident, if this Union is to share the fate
 of so many governments that have gone
 before us; if it is doomed to fall, the
 I torian who records the event, will
 .&lt;»te his first chapter to the ordinance
 1757- That w ill be set down as the
 origin of the deed of separation. His
 next chapter will he devoted to the
 Missouri compromise, and the next to
 the provisool the present time. heth
 er there will be a chapter beyond this
 wc cannot tell. If the historian be ol
 a philosophic turn of mind, looking into
 remote and recondite causes, he will
 use the disaster to a proposition which
 is now understood as a most dangerous
 and fatal error, but which was original
 ly a tiuism. This fatal error is the
 idea that all men are born free and
 equal. Now, sir, I purpose to examine
 this, and i am not afraid to meet the
 strong prejudices in its favor. There
 is not a word of truth in the proposition
 as commonly understood, all men are
 horn. No, sir, men are not born; in
 fants are born, and they grow to be
 men. (Laughter.) They are born
 free aud equal; not so—they are horn
 subject to their parents and guardians;
 and so" they continue till they grow up
 to the free gentleman. May 1 ask, il
 this is not the language of the Declara
 tion of Independence? No such thing;
 that in rp re simple terms,
 say htl men are created equal, but this
 is equally erroneous. According to
 the scriptures, only two of the human
 race were created—one man and one
 woman. (General laughter all round,
 the idea universally suggesting itsell
 that the rest were propagated.)
 Mr. C., unmoved, went on. We
 may trace this error of equality to
 Locke and Sydney. They claim that
 all men in a state of nature, are equal.
 This is a truism, hut it is of no great
 value. It is only hypothetically true;
 what is it? There are states and con
 ditions of man. In the first, man lives
 as an individual, and partly independ
 ent of his fellow-man. 'I his is called
 a state of nature. In that state he is
 free, and every man is a sovereign;
 but it is a misnomer to say that they
 are all equal. The next is the social
 state. The philosopher, in this, will
 trace out all the rights belonging to
 both conditions; but equality is still
 further removed than in the first. The
 political blending the two, is the only
 state adapted to the wants, the progress
 and the developments of the powers ol
 man. His social state cannot exist
 without sovereignty; hence the necces
 sity of government In this state of na
 ture, man cannot exist at all, yet it is
 strange that the state in which man
 never did exist and can exist,
 should be called the natural state;
 while the only state in which he can
 exist, should he called the aitificial.—
 Tiiis is the great misnomer. This only
 natural state is that in which he best
 exists with this false doctrine—that all
 men are born equal. Then comes up
 the idea in the mind that these natural
 rights are the highest rights. That the
 rights of individuals are higher than
 those of society, and then society rests
 upon a false basis until those imaginary
 individual rights are restored. This is
 all false. Political rights are the high
 est of all rights of the individual—but
 supplemental to the rights of the com
 munity. No man is entitled to any
 natural rights at the expense of the
 community. We make some import
 ant deduction from this. The rights ol
 the individual are ceded to, or taken by
 the government, according to necessity
 but government has no right to subtract
 more from the individual than is neces
 sary for the general 'organization;
 hence the great distinction in govern
 ments, of which the people are ignor
 ant and in a wild state, it is necessa
 ry that government should have an im
 mense power to prevent the evils of an
 archy. As we ascend in the scale ol
 intelligence, we come, at leopth, to
 that point where every man poascane*
 the knowledge, and the readineaa to
 act under mutual conceaaion; and as
 we approach it, we find that government
 i relaxes more and more in the iibertiea
 of the individual, and lea* and ieaa ex
 t ercises the supreme power of Us origi
 •joal condition. Instead, therefore, o
 a men being created equal, or all met
 being equally free, there is of necessitj
 the greatest disparity. What then be
 i coroes of the error that all men are ere
 i ated equal, or that they are horn fret
 i and equal? It vanishes. Yet to thii
 error we may trace every *rugclt
 against government for individual righti
however just, or however fallacious.—
 This error is the very organ of aboli
 tionism and its d mgerous offspring.—
 It is this error which threatens to give
 to the revolutions, which has excited in
 Europe, a tendency to anarchy and all
 its confusion. This error of equality
 is all powerful to put down, but impo
 tent to build up. It can destroy fast
 enough, hut it cannot reproduce. It is
 an error under which, unless discard
 ed, all Furope and all Christendom
 may fall into hopeless anarchy, as the
 first result to be terminated in military
 despotism.
CHRISTIANITY AND THE RIGHTS
 OF MAN.
 The inpulse which the Reformation
 gave to the improvement of society,
 was very great; but the rapidity of its
 march was ere long checked, for when
 Lutheranism and Calvinism triumphed,
 they embodied their doctrine in State
 laws, enforced conformity, and became
 as earnest persecutors as those who
 had persecuted them. Protestantism
 did not really understand religious lib
 erty. The same spirit was brought bv
 a majority of the Puritans to these
 shores; and so entirely had men lost
 sight of the free character of primitive
 Christianity, it came to pass that when
 Roger Williams, one of themselves,
 proclaimed in Boston and Salem the
 great doctrine of liberty of conscience,
 it was execrated by some as a heresy,
 and hailed by others as a great dis
 covery! He became an exile for his
 opinions; but his principle has practi
 cally triumphed in this commonwealth
 and in this country. Long since it has
 begun to act on Europe; yet for years
 past we have seen that in the Protest
 ant States of the Continent, men, who
 avow the doctrines which we believe
 and preach, have been imprisoned for
 non-conformity. That struggle for re
 ligious freedom has now begun which
 will there shake society to its centre,
 and the example of this country will
 have an increasing influence, until
 the song of victory shall become uni
 versal.
 In view of facts like these, how' un
 speakably important is it that there he
 maimained throughout this land a pro
 found and just sentiment of religious
 liberty; that in the first conceptions of
 our youth, and in the depth of all
 hearts, it should be cherished and re
 vered, because it is an inalienable right
 of man as man. Yet there is much to
 be done before this condition shall be
 attaine3. A principle adverse to it is
 still abroad in these States. It is in
 volved in every argument that is uttered
 in behalf of the rightfulness of slavery,
 every plan in favor of the slave-system
 as being consistent with Christianity.
 Instead of regarding liberty as an iu
 -1 alienable gift of God to humanity, it
 treats that gift as the mere creature of
 a charter, the dowry of a Constitution,
 a concession which Government may
 grant, and which Government has the
 right to take away.
 Both at the South and at the North is
 is this fundamental and far-reaching er
 j ror avowed and maintained; both with
 j in the church and out of in, by minis
 ters and by laymen. It was expressed
 in brief and clear terms by Rev. Dr.
 Johnson, an eminent clergyman of the
 J Baptist denomination, as may be seen
 by the following sentence: When, in
 any country, slavery has become a part
 of its settled policy, the inhabitants,
 even Christians, may hold slaves with
 out crime. It was expressed by the
 Methodist Episcopal Conference at
 Baltimore, in 1840, when they passed
 the following resolution: “That it is
 inexpedient and unjustifiable for any
 preacher to permit colored persons to
 give testimony against white persons,
 in any State w here they are denied that
 privilege by luw.” It was expressed
 by Rev. l)r. Fisk, President of the
 Wesleyan University, Connecticut,
 when he said that “the general rule of
 Christianity not only permits, but in
 supposable circumstances, enjoins a
 continuance of the master’s authority,
 and enjoins obedience upon the slave
 as an obligation due to a present right
 ful authority.” It was professed by
 Prof. Stewart, of Andover, when he
 wrote that the precepts of the New
 Testament to the masters of slaves,
 recognizes that the relation may still
 exist, salta Jide el »alra tcclena; that is
 without injury to the Christirn faith or
 the church. These citations are only
 a few, taken from many, which indi
 cate the wide extent of a defective sen
 timent respecting the true foundation of
 the rights of man.
 If the doctrine avowed in these ex
 tracts be admitted to be true, we must
 forever abjure that Declaration of In
 dependence w hich our fathers put forth,
 asserting it to be a self-evident truth
 that all men are endowed by their
 Creator with certain inalienable rights,
 among which are life, liberty, and the
 pursuit of happiness.” He who holds
 that any man has a right, on tbe ground
 of civil law, or of “settled policy,” to
 hold his fellow-man in bondage, sub
 jecting bis education, his moral im
 provement, and the demands of his con
 science, to the will of another, cannot
 hove a true idea of human liberty as an
 inalienable right. In the presence ol
 one wbo utters such a doctrine, we may
 justly feel our humanity affronted; for,
 though he may appear to respect our
 personal liberty, yet be virtually takes
 our claim to liberty off from its true ba
 r sis, and founds on a piece of paper, a
 i parchment charter, as if it were a
 government-grant, rather than a um
 versa! heritage of mankind by the per
 feet gift of God himself. He who ad
 vocalea the right of any man to enslave
 i another, subverts the foundation ol
 s your liberty, reader, and also of mine,
 i; If he krva ponr tad property, tken,
JOHN DICK, Mtitatt.
WHOLE NO—2B.
between bis rapacity and our liberty,
 there stands no high reverence of a
 sacred, inherent right, but only want
 of might. A change of circumstance*
 could make us his slaves and leave hi*
 conscience quiet. Reasonings which
 are now put forth by thousands ©f our
 countrymen would destroy the solid
 grounds of all freedom on earth except
 of those who could maintain it by force,
 and “if the foundations be destroyed,
 what can the righteous do?” If the
 colored race should ever become pre
 dominant at the Sooth, and enslave the
 whites, they would find their justification
 in the arguments of those who now
 stand in the sanctury and interpret the
 laws of Christianity.
 It is impossible for an unprejudiced
 person to consider this subject careful
 ly without perceiving that among the
 American people throughout the length
 and breadth of these United States,
 there is needed a deeper and more
 thorough grounding of opinion on the
 great fundamental truth, not merely
 that Christianity is consistent with free
 dom, but that universal freedom is es
 sential to the full development of the
 power of Christianity to reform, con
 vert, elevate and bless society to the
 wide extent of its capacities, and
 throughout all its diversities of class
 and ot character. This nation can nev
 er rise with strength to follow the beck
 of Providence, and to fulfil its high
 mission in the cause of human liberty,
 until it shall be pervaded by a juster
 sentiment of liberty itself; and not
 until the truth thus makes us free shall
 we be free indeed,” nor qualified to
 lead the van in the glorious work which
 yet remains to be done upon the earth.
 —liijhtdor and IValchman.
 r CONSOLATIONS*.
 &gt;ly father, my work is fatiguing to
 day the spade rebounds upon the
 parched earth; the sun darts rays of
 fire; the dust raised by the south wind
 blows in whirlwinds over the plain.
 My son, He who sends the burning
 gales, sends also bedewed cloudlets.—
 To eaeh belongs its pain and its hope,
 and after labor comes repose.
 My father, do you see these poor
 plants how they languish, and how their
 yellow leaves droop down their exhaust
 ed stalk?
 They will rise up again, my son;
 no blade of grass is torgotten; fruit
 ful rains and fresh dews arc always
 provided for it amidst the-.celestial
 treasures.
 My father, the birds are silent "fh the
 foliage; the quail, immovable in* the
 furrow, does not even rccal its compan
 ion; the hieifer seeks the shade;
 and the ox, with his limbs folded'be
 neath his heavy body, his neck stretch
 ed aut, dilates his large nostrils, in
 order to respire the air which he is in
 need of.
 God, my son, w ill restore the birds
 their voices, and the oxen their strength
 exhausted by the extreme heat. The
 breeze which reanimates them, already
 glides over the sea.
 Let us seat ourselves, my father,
 upon the fern that borders the pond,
 i near the old oak whose hanging branch
 [cs so gently touch the surface of the
 water. How calm and transparent it
 is! How gaily the fishes play there I
 Some pursue their winged prey, poor
 gnats just entered into being; others,
 raising their heads, with their mouths
 half open, appear to be softly kissing
 the air.
 He who has made al) things, my son,
 has everywhere bestowed his iuexhaust
 ble gifts, life, and the joy of life Evil
 consists only in appearance, ’tia the
 dark side of love, the similitude of
 good, its shadow.
 And yet, my father, you suffer.—
 What labor, what fatigue you endure,
 in order to provide for our wants! Are
 you not poor? Is not my mother poor?
 It is the sweat of your brow which
 has given me food; have you ever for
 one single day had the morrow provided
 for
 VV hat signifies the morrow to us, my
 son? The morrow belongs to God;
 let us confid *in hirn. Whoso rises in
 the morning, knows not whether he
 shall see the evening. Why, then,
 trouble and disquiet one’s self about a
 time which will perhaps never arrive?
 We live here below like the swallow,
 seeking from day to day the bread of
 each day, and like her, when the winter
 approaches, a mysterious power draws
 ua to milder dimes.
 W'hat is this, mv father? It resem
 bles a corpse wrapped in its shroud, or
 an infant rolled in clothes.
 My son, it was a crawling worm; it
 will soon be a living flower, an aerial
 form, which, decked in its brightest
 colors, will rise toward heaven.— From
 the French of Lam mats.
 As Issolest ai'T TacE Boast.—A
 Southern member once saul on the floor
 of Congress—
 W’e do not govern them ('the peo
 ple of the North) by our black slaves,
 but by their own white slaves. We
 know what we are doing. We of the
 South are always united, from the
 j Ohio to Florida and we can always
 unite: but you of the North are begin
 ning to divide. We have conquered
 you once, and we can, and we will,
 conquer you agajn. Aye, Sir, we will
 drive you to the wall, and when we
 have you their once wore, we mean to
 keep you there, and nail you down
 .ike base money
 He probably forgot the three-fifths
 •lave representation by which the bal
 ance of power may be secured to the
 South at any time.—Down with the
 Constitution then my we. AVwerh
 Warmer.
 Early rising contributes as suraly to
 personal beauty an the dawn tq
 the beamy of the world,
