Notices.
Annual Meeting.
 The 6th Annual Meeting of the We**** 5
 Astj-Shvkry Sotiktv will be
 fcm. Columbiana Co., on W«dne**J* 1 bur*- j
 day, and Friday, the 16th, l** n an&lt; ,Hth
 August, commencing at 'clock, A. M. j
 Let a full repre*"«" on of the R,ar&lt;
 friend* come up this occasion from all
 part* of the threat Weal. 'lire political lead
 ers are n^mhailing their hosts for a conflict,
 *h»rlbllowem are raliyiug by hundreds of
 «housand» to the support of tlicir party ban
 ner*. Time, and money, and labor ate ex
 pended to secure their object. And shall the
 friends of freedom, whose faith should be
 strong in the power of Truth, be lukewarm
 and indifferent while politicians are so ear
 nest ut their la’oors, so untiring in their xeal J
 The events of the past should encourage
 us to renewed effort, for every movement of
 importance which has been made, having any
 bearing upon the question of slavery, fore
 shadows the destruction of the system, and
 the oppressors (ad that it is »o. The political
 parties will make a desperate effort to sate
 themselves from the destruction their corrup
 tion has brought upon them; and the efforts
 •f the abolitionists to maintain and enforce
 the Right should be proportionably great.—
 Arrangements should bo made at the coming
 meeting to continue the anti-slavery agitation
 by the lips of the living speaker, and to ex
 tend more widely the circulation of the So
 ciety’s paper—the Anti-Slavery Bugle.
 ■one of the friends who can be there, absent
 themselves fur any light cause, fur the pre
 sence of all, and the couesel of all is desira
 ble.
 Besides the friends of Lilierty in the West
 who will ba present on the occasion, llenry
 C. Wright and Chas. C. Burleigh are ex
 pected to bo in attendance, and perhaps oilier
 representatives of the East.
 LOT HOLMES,
 Recording Sec'y.
Meetings in the West.
 Henry C. Wright, the Apostle of Pence,
 and Charles C. Burleigh, the eloquent Anti
 slavery Advocate, will hold meetings at the
 following places, viz: at
 Pittsburgh, Pa. June loth, 16th 17th
 New Brighton, 19th 20th
 Louisville Ohio 22J
 Youngstown, 21th A 2oth
 New Lyme 27th
 Painesville, 20th
 Chagrin Falls, July Ist A2d
 Cleveland, 4ih
 Twinsburgh, 6th
 Richfield, Rth A 9th
 Akron, 11th
 Ravenna, l.'tth A 14th
 Randolph, 15t!i 16th
 Massillon, lSlh
 The meetings at New Lyme, Cleveland,:
 and Akron, will commence at ten o'clock, A. j
 M.; the others, on the first day of the meet
 ings at two o'clock, P. M.; subsequent days
 at 10 A. M.
 The friends of Anti-Slavery and of Peace j
 are requested to make all necessary arrange- j
 meats for the meetings, and give as wide a
 notice as possible. Now is the time to
 agitate.
 Persons can avail themselves of this op-
 portunity afforded by these meetings to pay
 lbr the* Anti-Slavery Standard, to Samuel-
 Brooke.
 Mexico—Peace.
 For several w'eeks the most contradictory
 rumors have come to us from Mexico, and in
 the midst of these conflicting reports, it has
 been impossible to form an intelligent opinion j
 upon the probable reception of the treaty, and
 the future relations of the two nations to each i
 other. The 1 ist accounts from that bleeding
 country inspire the hope that the shameful j
 war we have waged upon her is to cease, and j
 peace again be restored. The Mexican Con-
 gross has probably accepted tbc treaty with
 all the amendments of the Senate, or without
 material alteration. Other reports are also
 brought of a conspiracy to divide the nation!
 and form several of the States into a separate j
 government, and also of a plan to form a j
 Mexican army of the discharged American
 soldiers, ostensibly for protection against the
 Indians, but supposed to be really designed
 for the suppression of the contemplated revo
 lution.
 Our joy at the probable approach of peace
 is seriously diminished by the. knowledge that,
 to purchase it, Mexico is forced to submit to
 ho plundered of a large portion of her territory,
 and that this territory will undoubtedly be
 given by our government to slavery, fornew
 slave markets. Another check upon our
 hopes is that the disbanding of the armv will
 turn back upon our country a horde of harden
 ed desperadoes, schooled in the war to the
 most degrading vices and revolting crimes.
 Having lived for two years by land-piracy, j
 they will be very loth to reform, and live by 1
 honest industry, on their return. Thus, per- 1
 haps, will our nation be scourged for waging
 the war, but the guilty will not sufter alone
 the woe will fall on many an inncocr.t head.
 The diacregard of persona! rights and social
 order, and the recklessness of life which war
 always breeds in the soldier's mind, will be
 exhibited till this people is weary of the* con
 sequences of its own conduct, and bitterly rc- j
 pents its folly and mad ambition.
 Still, if either nation must sutler from a
 profligate and blood-thirsty soldiery, it is bet
 ter that it should be tbe guilty than llie inno
 cent; that on her who has hired and commis
 sioned these assassins, for their work of blood
 should fall its consequences
 Reformers the friends of Temperance,
 Freedom, Peace and Purity—have need of
 poculiar devotion and zeal, to put forth espe
 cial efforts to indoctrinate the people with
 their principle, to avert, or at least, mitigate
 these evils. —Pa Free/mm.
 Central America.—Accounts from Cen
 tral America state that there is a general re
 volt among the Indians in fiuatemala. f'ar
 rera, the Pre-idem of that couniry, had taken
 the field in person asainst the insurgents,
 arid defeated them in several engagements,
 though the savages fought fiercely No fur
 ther particulars were had.
 Another Slave Case.—A gentleman
 from the South stopped at tbe M rehauts’
 Hotel in Cinneiaati a few days sine-*, h tving
 tvro fomalc slaves irihis family.—O ic of them
 escaped from him. and ho could not find any
 police officer willing to pursue her. He left
 with tbc other.
 ID* The vulitcrn Patrmt, Charleston,
 S. C. t hoists the flag of tren. Taylor for
 Prcstd ut, but refuses to .support Mr. Fill
 more for Vice President, considering him uu
 •oond na tha question of the Extension of
 Slavery.
 Serious Accident. —A most s?rious aeei
 4«mt occurred on Moore's section of New
 York and New Haven Railroad, near Nor
 walk, on Friday last. An accidental explo
 sion from a quarry of rocks killed one laborer,
 literally tearing bun in pieces, and wounding
 two others so that tt feared iboy will not i
 MfVit c.
inr We '•T7 fratefol pleasure, th
 follows ftn,cst 1 f «*p[*&gt;rt to th
 yt**M Star, from the Bnttah Burner—a lead
 tbd political journal in Grea
 Hr.tain. The article is Own the pen of it
 abi« Editor Dr. Campbkl. This appea
 from auch a quarter, is as unexpected as it t
 rheering, We hare fell, and do now feel
 that our British friends have done their shar
 toward establishing the North Star, harm;
 afforded us the means of buying the types am
 the puss, upon which the paper is now print
 ed. It is noble and exceedingly generous ii
 them, to manifest a disposition to do more.—
 The proposition of Dr. CAX max, if carrie
 into effect, wfll place the North Star o«i a pet
 inanent basis—a “consummation devoutly t&lt;
 be wished We contend that our humbl
 Star thus far, has not had a fair chance t
 shine—we.have lived a sort oi amphibiou
 lite, partly in the lecturing field and partly i
 the editorial chair ever since the paper com
 menced, and this we have been compiled t
 do, in order to get the p»aper into circulation
 and the means of publishing. We Lope th
 time will soon come, when we can devote on
 whole time or at least such a portion of ou
 time to it, as shall enable us to make it answe
 the expectations of its friends and patrons.
 Newspaper Mania—Mr. Frederick Dong
 lass.
 Among the many extraordinary thing
 which have takeh place across the channel
 not the b*a*l is, the marvelous rage for net
 Journals. Since the twenty-fourth of Febru
 ary, the incredible number of ninety-one nev
 journals is Muted to have been started or pre
 jected Some have never got beyond ih
 prosjiectus. a few perished in the first num
 her, others in the second, others in the third
 and others further on r.nd according to ap
 pearances. few, if any, w ill survive the r.ip
 ping frost of the corning autumn. In this, a
 in other things, zealous imitators have bee:
 found in the Metropolis. Within the last fev
 weeks, five or six have appeared, and other
 are announced. Of those which have actual
 ly started, some have already perished, an&lt;
 among them, we regret to sav, is the Voici
 of the People,” under the highly honorabh
 auspices of Mr. Charles Knight. 'Phis Jour
 nal ceased with the fourth number, not fo
 want of much sterling merit, but solely frorr
 want of public support. The Editor of tin
 Voice of llie People, in his valedictory ad
 dress, says, when our voice is no longei
 heard, we may be honored with the mos l
 consolatory regrets from those who were
 fault-finding or indifferent during the brie
 term of our existence. We may lie w eak tr
 acknowlcding that we cannot persevere
 against coldness and neglect. It is not jus
 tice to the eminent writers who have lent us
 their aid, to ho satisfied with presenting them
 to an audience “fit though few.”—We very
 sincerely lament the failure of this very praise
 worthy and well executed project; for such
 journals as the Voice of the People cannot be
 too numerous; but this fact is another ad
 ded to the lengthened roll which experience
 has chronicled, illustrative of the extreme
 hazard connected with the periodical Press,
 and the caution necessary before men embark
 their own property or that of others in so perl
 ms an enterprize. And yet there is scarcely
 inything cm which rash and restless men are
 noro prone to rush, although it may be at the
 expense of destruction to their present comfort
 Uld future prospects. There are few things
 tgainst which a man's friends ought more ro-
 Kdutely to slep forth, however thanklessly,
 o oiler their lion st advice, and enter their
 earnest protest. If they fall, their hands are
 dean and their conscience pure; if they suc
 ceed, they will save a friend, and perhaps,
 prevent the ruin of a family, as well as injury
 to printers, stationers, and other tradesmen.
 We confess to a strong, and inexpressible de
 sire to see the entire empire converted into a
 reading community, and we are satisfied that
 multiplication of ail sorts of organs, conduct
 ed upon soun i principles, and with suitable
 ability, will much conduce to this consumma
 tion hut in attempts at this multiplication,
 discretion is indispensihle. It is to the want
 of tins discretion more than to the intrinsic de
 ficiency to he found i:i Journals themselves
 generally, or to the public apathy, that there
 is so much failure. If Journals will rush up
 like mushrooms in clusters, it is no marvel tl
 ihey fade away w ith a corresponding rapidity.
 It is ol the first importance, wheooiiuu are
 bent on doing a good thing, to studywufi the
 proper time of setting about it, unless they
 have the control of instruments and agencies
 which may enable them to set at defiance the
 rules of common prudence.
 We cannot conclude this speculation with
 out adverting to the case of I rederick Doug
 lass, the great slave orator, w hose recent visit
 to Great Britain is still pleasantly retuenibcr
 i*d by hundreds of thousands. This extraor
 dinary man, in returning to his native country,
 ?ommcnrod a newspaper at Rochester, State
 &gt;f New York, with the special object of labor
 ng for the emancipation of his fellow-men of
 :olor. '1 his paper he has conducted for some
 six months with very superior abiltiy but,
 is might natijtally be supposed, it is not yet
 &gt;v any means m a safe condition. The ex
 scllent Editor, with his colleague, Mr. Delany,
 has had to struggle with severe pecuniary
 difficulties.
 Of the pre-eminent ability of Mr. Douglass
 nothing need he said we doubt if there is a
 living man in the New World capable ol
 bringing more power, either of spoken or ol
 written language, to bear upon the question
 of the wrongs of three millions of men; and
 surely it is of the first moment that this power
 should be rendered permanently available,
 and in the highest degree efficient, for the
 great object to which its possessor has dedica
 ted himself. Now, in regard to his jour
 nal, vve apprehend 1000 additional suberthers
 w ould place Inin beyond the reach of danger,
 bringing ase to his now burdened mind, and
 confidence to h:s drooping heait. Lot not
 the British philanthropists forget that Mr.
 Douglass is advocating the cause of no fewer
 than tluee millions of men! aud there is no
 possible way whereby he can further their
 ultimate deliverance so certainly efficient as by
 the instrumentality which he is now eniploy
 liu, aud consequently, no means whereby they
 can so cheaply, aud &gt;ct so powerfully, furth
 er the grand work of American Emancipation.
 We ask very little of th« in, but we ask that
 little very earnestly it is simply tins that
 they shall become, fin a time, subscribers to
 the North Star the subscription for the year
 is only e;ght shillings and sixpence but to
 this must be added the postage. Now an
 other eight and sixpence will cover the entire
 expense so that, for the paltry sum of •iev
 enuvn stallings and sixpence, the pap,er may
 be had, with all us multifarious and imperi
 al it contents by the successive ruatls which
 connect the two countries. But our recom
 mendation is tins, that a thousand persons
 shall transmit to us, each, one pound which
 we will straightway forward, with their
 names and addresses, to Mr. Douglass. This
 will save them all further trouble, throughout
 the year. And shall we ask m vain’ Is it
 really so, that the pbilinlhruphy of England
 cannot supply at least a thousand subscribers
 for such an object We cannot, we will nol
 Isiieve it; but let the tlaug be done out and
 out at once We have nu leisure lor ienglti
 euod dwelling un li.t matter *ve shall allow
 our friends, therefore, a single month; and
 we earnestly call upoa some zealous poisons
 of either sex, among the multitudinous aimir
 ers of Mr. Douglass, m every locality, tn
 commence the subscription. I’nless some one
 every* lie re tike tha lead, nothing will be
 done. But if such is taken, success will be
 ;it once large and certain. Now then, for a
 thousand pounds!
 J. FgJtlXOat I’owr*. the novelist, arrived
 ia this city on Saturday last.
 v
THE NORTH STAR.
ROCHESTER, Jt’LY 7, |ft«.
Northern Wki|i aid Dcnontla.
 i imminent peril of incurring (he dis
 pleasure and reproaches of our white fellow
 countrymen, and being denounced as ''taury"
 •nd “impudent, we shall now venture a
 I few remarks on these two contending parties.
 W e arc fully aware that it is thought by many
 vct J improper for a “negro” to entertain any
 opinion derogatory to the condurt orcharactei
 I of w hite men and know /till well thut we
 hare owr bemg in what is called a pure
 l white Republic"—a Republic in wtuch aw Itite
 tkio is considered above the criticism or scru
 t tiny of a black man. To such persons, we
 doubt not that most of all we have to aay on
 k this or other subjects, has the appearance of
 downright bad manners. For such unforton
 ales, we are not entirely without compassion.
 They are the victims of a deplorable habit,
 which has to them become confounded with
 their very natures. Accustomed as they are
 r to esteem the colored man as something less
 r than a man, it is not surprising that when be,
 entirely forgetful of their estimate of hia
 character, and only mindful of his own hu
 inanity, duty and dignity as a child of a com
 mon Creator, assumes the port and bearing of
 a man,.that they should regard him as the im
 personation of insolence. We are frequently
 _ I reminded by such persons, that we should
 j remember our station in life, our identity w ith
 a degraded and dependant people, and that we
 should be conciliatory and humble; all ol
 w hich is very good, but comes from the wrong
 preacher. Those who preach humility to
 the black man, should not feed and counte
 l| nance in the white men what they so readily
 condemn in us.
 II By such persons, (and they are numerous,)
 our presence and deportment in this citv must
 be regarded .is a painful and grievous inflic
 tion, a trying evil, only to be borne with in
 consideration that a greater evil might spring
 up in our stead. Now, w e confess it is nol
 the most agreeable thing in the world to live
 I where one is looked upon as having nothing
 in common with the community by whom he
 may be surrounded and such, though not
 our fault, is nevertheless our situation in this
 community. Wo are not, however, without
 consolation. The high satisfaction which re
 j suits from a sense of being in the right, out
 weighs by far the temporary complaceney
 which may result from being with the multi
 tude, and \vc rejoice at being able to stand
 j alone as an outcast from a pro-slavery com
 munity.
 In speaking on this subject we are not
 merely fulfilling a duty which we ow e to the
 slave, and to our colored fellow-countrymen,
 but one which we owe to our common coun
 try and our God. At such a time as the
 present, when the great body of the press
 have madly become the flood-gates of political
 profligacy, it is the duty of even the humblest
 to summon from the depths of his nature the
 most exalted sentiments of trutli and justice,
 and to send them forth to battle, that perad
 venture he may be to some extent instrument
 al in staying the putrid flood let loose upon
 the land. Neither our dark complexion nor
 isolated condition releases us from ths high
 duty of rebuking corruption wherever, and
 whenever, and with whomsoever it may show
 itself. We may not b? silent to gratify either
 the pride or the prejudice of our w hite fellow
 countrymen. We desire our white contem
 poraries to remember this just sentiment,when
 instead of answering our statements respect
 ing them, they seek to evade their force by
 denouncing us impudent*,” “presumptive,”
 and out of our place. But enough.
 Northern Whigs and Dfmocrats, we
 may be perhaps charged with having commit
 ted a misnomer in applying these terms to
 any class of persons in this country and we
 confess that a very ingenious case could be
 made out against us; for,properly speaking,
 there is no such thing amongst us, as a
 Northern Whig or Democrat. They bothfc
 longto the South, and are the property of the
 slave interest. In proof of this, as respects!
 the Democrats, very little need be said; they
 have gloried in the deep shame of being the j
 natural allies of the South. Their leaders.
 I have gone beyond all others in bowing the'
 i knee and prostrating themselves before the j
 slave power. At the suggestion of theiT'
 Southern masters, they have spurned from
 them, as unworthy of consideration, all self-!
 1 respect and the dearest rights and interests ofj
 the working classes of the North. Have j
 I the slaveholders desired to gag to silence the j
 j voice of free speech within the hails of Con
 gress, Northern Democracy supplied the vile
 tool to its accomplishment. Have they do-!
 i manded new territory, over which to extendi
 the heaven-daring curse of human bondage, 1
 Northern Democrats have supplied it. Have 1
 j they demanded r.ew and stronger safe-guards j
 for their property in human flesh, Northern,
 Democrats have supplied those sate-guards.
 The black laws of Ohio, Indiana, Illinois,
 are stauciug piools of the subserviency of
 Northern Democrats to lire slave power, for)
 these laws have bees enacted at the special I
 request of the slaveholders of Kentucky and
 Tennessee. The Democrats have not bowed
 the knee to the slave power merely in respect
 to the enactment of laws to uphold slavery,
 but have shamelessly deserted and doomed to
 political destruction some of the brightest
 ornaments that ever adorned their party. j
 When Thomas Moms, the noble Democratic j
 i Senator of Übio, dared to stand up lor freedom I
 in the United Slates Senate, and confront the
 blasphemous assertion of Henry Clay, that
 i what the law makes property, is property,”
 i he w as at once marked out for political decap
 itation. His murderers were of his own
 household and though they found no fault
 iu him, he was,like Innocence of old, betrayed
 and murdered. For manifesting a slight hesi
 tancy about carrying out the mad wishes of
 Southern slaveholders 1:1 annexing Texas to
 the Union, Mart.n Van Berea, the favorite
 sun of the Empire State, was to the same way
 betrayed, deserted and deposed; and from his
 own professed friends he received the blow
 which leveled him in political death—(albeit
 not beyond resurrection John P. Hale, a
 distinguished member of the Democratic party,
 refused to stain his soul by voting for annexa
 tion of Texas, well knowing the measure
 to be fraught w it h deplorable and innumerable
 wils, and was peremptorily and immediately
 expelled from the party.
 Fro® the moment w|*r» u became known
 v: t l
that Silas Wright was opposed to the exten
 sion of dxtttj, be »ss hunted sod persecuted
 by the leaders is the Democratic party, till the
 day of his death. The feet in, aa deed of
 dishonor has been regarded too base ev tieach
 erous for Northern Democrat* to da at the
 bidding of slavery. They claim the diaboli
 cal merit of haring lived a life of consistent
 devotion to the infernal system of slavery.—
 To be charged with a dislike of slavery,
 has been regarded by them as the most seri
 ous charge that could be preferred against
 them, and they have repelled it with ail the
 energy is their power. They would rather
 be suspected of any crime denounc'd in the
 decalogue, than to be guilty of the slightest
 sympathy with three millions of enslaved and
 suffeiing bondmen.
 Loyalty to the Sooth seems to be their first
 doty; and should this require disloyalty to
 God, but little reluctance tocompliance is man
 ifested. If a lie be needed to conceal some
 infernal design, or to mislead the simple as to
 the effect of some w icked scheme, Northern
 Democrats and presses tell it with alacrity. j
 When the South moved for the annexation of
 Texas, for the well-known and unconcealed
 purpose of increasing the profits of the inter
 nal slavetrade, strengthening the slave power,
 and extending the curse of human bondage,
 wiih these facts before them, the Northern
 Democratic presses and platform declared the
 measure to be one to extei d ihe area of free
 dom. While waging a fierce and bloody war
 with Mexico, by otr own motion, the Demo
 crat c press and politicians persisted in saying
 that the war was forced upou us by the act of
 Mexico. There is. it seems to us, no end to
 the political turpitude of this vile combination,
 under the specious name of Democracy. Its
 modern history, at least, is but a series of the
 basest betrayals of human rights. It has
 professed a deep and unchangeable regard for
 the interests &lt;f the working man, and as an
 evidence of its sincerity, it has nominated a
 man for the Presidency who was the fancier
 of Louis Philippe and the calumniator of the
 working men in France &lt;&gt;nd who is also at
 this moment io favor of extending the aw ful
 curs# of slavery over territory now free,
 w hile the inevitable and well-known effect of
 the measure must be to completely exclude
 the free laborer from all participation in the
 benefits of that territory, unless he goes there
 in the dishonorable and cruel capacity of a
 slave-driver. Now, the sooner this vile body j
 is changed or destroyed, the better. Wc are
 glad to know that the working men at the
 North begin to understand its true character,
 and arc looking to other and wiser means for
 protecting their rights.
 But we must leave the Democrats, aud turn
 to the W higs. Their case is, if possible,
 worse than that of the Democrats. We need
 not go into their past history; their present
 position is ample proof of their unprincipled
 character. It is possible that we do wrong in
 denominating their party the Whig party.”
 It ought the lather be called the Taylor
 party for as Taylor is not, and docs not
 intend to Le a Whig, the party who supports
 him,**and ulicm he represents, cannot be
 big. Nothing could more satisfactorily
 prove the utter w ant of principle in that party,
 than the readiness w ith which its press and its
 speakers have whirled into the ranks of the
 bloodhound candidate.” But a few weeks
 ago, it was truly refreshing to read the
 Northern Whig journals. Their columns'
 fiatrn d with the most burning detestation of
 slavery and slavery extension. A remarka-i
 bio instance of this, is furnished in our neigh
 bor, the Democrat.” Its moral sense, hu-'
 inanity and religion, were all arrayed against
 any measure looking immediately or remotely i
 to ihe extension of slavery. Butch! bow
 changed is its tore now The glorious up
 rising on the part of the independents, against i
 the slave power, slave rule, slavery extension.'
 and slave territory, though in perfect harmony
 with the views, feelings and professed princi
 ples of that paper, meets nothing but dis-|
 eourageincnt from that quarter. The paper!
 that boasted itself freedom's friend, is now i
 freedom's foe. If anything could deej-en our j
 sense of the servility, meanness, falsehood j
 and corruption of ihe Whig party North, it
 is the cowardly and contemptible manner in'
 which politicians and presses at the North
 have allowed themselves to be u hip ped into'
 the support of this same bloodhound,*’ Gen.
 Taylor. It would seem that the Whig parly
 is the grave of all independence, sel. -rt apect
 and decency. In the face of ail facts, they
 are at this moment attempting to make out a
 peace character for a w ar candidate, a slavery i
 hmitationist of a slavery propagandist, a
 friend of freedom of a vile slaveholder, and
 an honest man of a notorious robber. There
 is no language fitly expressive of such villany,
 or the man that will stoop to it. We conf ss
 to some loathing of a sheep-stealing dog:
 there is something in his gait a .d carnage
 which at cnee proclaims his guilt; but upon
 such an animal we ean look with ineflable
 complacency, compared with the loathing we
 feel w hen looking upon a traitor to freedom.
 The command to love our enemies can scarce
 ly include such a person and yet w e would
 not harm him, but would leave him to God
 and his conscience.
 The Fourth of July.
 This anniversary of American hypocrisy
 passed off in this cay w trh every demonstra
 tion of enthusiasm. If the ringing of bells,
 waving of banners, irregular discharge of!
 fire-arms, burning powder on the most extrav
 agant scale, confused and tumultuous explo
 sion of crackers, furious driving about the
 streets in carnages, and the uproarious shouts
 of an apparently purposeless multitude? be an
 evidence 6f a love of the great principle* of
 human freedom, aa set forth in the American
 Declaration of Independence, then an* the
 people of Rochester and vtctuiiy the most de
 voted of all the lovem of liberty. But out of
 all the thousands that congregated here, prob
 ably not more than one hundred desire to aee
 those principles triumphant in this country.—
 Their’s is a white liberty.
 Smith and Lady passed through
 our city on Wednesday, on their wav from
 Michigan to Peterboro.
 —ihe Act of Congress admit
 ting Win-..: fcin into the Union, provides that
 after the d'h ot March next, until the next
 apfortmnmc; t, she efta!| have thxae members
 of the fewer house of Coegtuas.
 A negro, while undergoing aa examination
 at Northampton, Maas., on being asked if hts
 £n l »aa a Christian, replied, No, Sir,
 he's a member of Coo
John C. Calk*»■
 The speech of this high print of al*r**y
 and slaray propagandist!!, which we bate
 copied lbe ovicide of the present number
 of the North Sur r is the weakest and most
 ahouid of out wweter remember to have lead
 from him. He hr evidently consciooo that hta
 game is almost up—that his race is run; and
 that his voice, once so potential in American
 affairs, has quite loot ils power. It must bare
 been profoundly mortifying r eren »o him, to
 have his logic laughed at by grave Senators;
 yet we are told that be preserved his dignity
 through it all. In order to show the Declara
 tion of Independence to be untrue, be said,
 that men 44 are hot rrt#f«C but propagated,—
 Now, isn’t be a wise man f
 Tbe time waa when a speech from Mr.
 Calhoun, solemnly warning the North against
 pressing the South to a dissolution of the
 Union, would have excited some apprehen
 sion but the old cry has lost its power, and
 for this good reason nobody believes that the
 South could be hired to dissolve the Union.—
 They know too well the strength ol the slave
 in their nudst, and their own weakness to
 suppress them should the slaves rebel, ever to
 sej ante from the North.
 The Tribsse.
 This stout defender «&lt;f the Wiln.ot Proviso,
 and res is. ter ot the slave power, w hose filming
 words and burning thoughts have perha; s
 done more during the last few years toward
 stirring up a se. s. 1 of manly independence in
 the N&lt;*rih ih it any other poiUcal journal m
 ihe land, is still at a dead stand. Stunned b*
 the nomination of General Taylor, it hesi
 tates whether lo sene God or the devil. It
 vails fur an uprising of the North against the
 slave power, instead of creating or, we
 ought to say, cherishing the uprising at ihe
 North already in existence. We would re
 spectfully ask, Are forty-five Whig papers,
 who have signified their deteimination not to
 support General Taylor, no sign of an up
 rising If not, what w ould be and if it be,
 why does the Tribune hesitate? We warn
 the Tribune that it must speedily decide its
 grounds, or it will be of little consequence
 what stand it may take. To go into the sup
 port of Taylor, would be a degradation inten
 sified. He certainly cannot do it. His
 gorge must rise atthe thought or mention of
 it. How- can Horace Greeley consent to
 stand in the rear of Conscience Whigs, Inde
 pendents, and the advancing hosts of Barn
 burners and other opponents of the slave
 power It is a shame that he who, by nature
 and circumstances, is so w ell qualified to lead,
 should lack the necessary courage at this time
 to take the lead. But we wait to see.
 Douglass and the Leaguers. The
 Chronotype says that several votes were cast
 in the League Convention fur Frederick
 Dull glass ns the Vice Piesidential Candidate
 of that party, and the editor—Elizur Wright
 —thinks that Ddtoglass would hardly stand
 such a temptation to break his resolution
 touching an oath to the U. S. Constitution.—
 V\ e are rot at all surprised at this suspicion
 of Douglass integrity. The class of meu
 who mainly compose the Liberty party —the
 editor of the Chronotype is a fair specimen—
 hold that a nomination for office is the chief
 end of man, and that however convenient and
 desirable principles, morality, and all that sort
 of thing, may be on some occasions, they
 should never be allowed to stand in the way
 of the hope of an office v The Chronotype has
 merely judged Douglass by its own standard j
 of morality.
 The fact, however, that Douglass was ap
 parently willing to give his influence to further
 the objects ol the League, by appearing ami
 speaking at their meeting, wili very likely
 lead many p rsons to suppose that the Chro
 notype is right in insinuating ih§t he might
 be bribed to go a step further. But Frederick i
 Douglass is no more a fool than he is a knave,
 and we are sure he will never abandon a prin
 eiple for so equivocal an honor as a Liberty
 League or Liberty puity nomination.
 The above exquisitely gentle reproof of
 curst If, for attending a Liberty Convention at
 Buffalo a tV\&gt;' weeks since, is, we presume,
 from Mr. Gay, the senior editor of the Na
 tional A: 1.-Slavery Standard. As Mr. Gav
 is no it.i rc a !00l than a knave, it is mat
 ter of surprise to os that any such inference
 as stems “apparent to him, should have
 been drawn fern i i.r jrestnee at list (on-
 vention. Il he had mid the North S?ar s
 attentively as lie seems to have done tl t( hro
 notype, he would hare rci nlu v far v.e“g
 our influence to further the objects of ihe 1
 League,” and saved h ir.Stlf the trouble of
 writing this very diplomatic reproof.
 Fourth of July.
 The friends cf freedom and humanity ir.
 Henrietta celebrated this day in the best pos
 sible manner. They held a meeting in the
 Prtsbytenan Church of that place, for the
 purpose of considerii g the objects ol the De
 claration of Independence; under which call
 quite a large meeting asseti Lied, and were
 addressed in a very impressive and eloquent
 manner on the great question of human
 rights by Mr. Sperry, a venerable friend of
 the anti-slavery cause, and by the Rev. Mr.
 Streeter, the minister of the congregation
 worshiping in the house in w hieh the meeting
 was held. We were kindly invited to make
 a few remarks, and responded, when the J
 meeting adjourned to a large room in which
 the ladies had prepared an elegant dotation, 1
 of which all w ere cordially invited to paitake
 After the collation .several stirring anti-slat ery
 songs were sung, and anti-slavery speeches
 made, and the meeting adjourned,much grati
 fied by the proceedings.
 We were sorry to see that a few rowdies
 were disposed to annoy the meeting, by fre
 quently discharging a large gun near the
 meeting house door, showing, that with all
 their rejoic’ng over the Declaration of Inde
 pendence, they had no regard for tbe rights
 which it set forth as belonging legitimately to
 all men. It is, however gratifying to know,
 this movement received no counteoane* from
 any class except a few of the hoseT sort —the
 intelligence and i s;eculnUty of the town,
 are at least w ith the right of free speech.
 William S. Robinson, who was dis
 charged from the editorship of the Is&gt;wd
 Conner, because be would not support
 Taylor, is about to start a Free Soil j
 paper in that city.
 ILF On Saturday June 24, Mr. Hale pro-,
 seated a resolution instructing the Commit-
 tee on the District of Columbia to briug m a j
 hill abolishing Slavery in said District. Tbe
 Resolution was lost,—6 yeas and 96 naff.
 D 7 Mr. Me U vane, of Peon., reported a
 bdl from the Committee on Indian Afiur*. in
 favor of organising Indian Territories west of
 the Mississippi River, which was read twice
 and referred to tbe Committee of the Whole.'
Mutom, 0., June 18, 1848.
 Dia» Douglass I hare, Knee ay last
 letter, held meetings m Hamilton, Dayton,
 Springfield, Troy, and Milton, tbe place from
 which I now write, all of which, with the
 exception of one place, (Springfield,) were
 well attended. In Hamilton, by some mis
 take, my notice did not reach the persons to
 whom it was directed, hence no meeting was
 in readiness when I arrived but the colored
 citizens who had heard of my coming, al
 though it was sun-set when I arrived, imme
 mediately got up a good meeting, several of
 whom subscribed for the Siar after the lees
 j ture. They are few in number, but ihe most
 intelligent, industrious, and spirited people,
 for the size of the place, of any with whom I
 hare met. Their taste and style of living, is
 worthy of example—the neatness and clean
 liness of their handsome little cottages being
 &amp;nx&gt;ng the must prominent features of their
 praiseworthiness. Of all things in this
 world, for heaven's sake,give me cleanliness.
 Let citcuniManres be what they may, I g-e
 no good reason w hv people may not be clearly
 about tle ir horses and with their persons
 but it is a fact, much to be regretted and un
 sparingly reproved, that a gre..t many lanii
 flios, of humble pretensions, and 01 hers. too.
 j residing in many of those country towns and
 ullages, alu.(st entirely neglect the ob erv
 ar.ee of both. There are a number cf re
 spectable farmers in this neighlioihood, and
 some good mechanics round about the
 place.
 From Hamihon, I went to Dayton, which
 place I reached at sunset of the day that 1
 was to speak. It will be scarcely necessary
 for me to state that this is a very pro-slaverv
 community, as it has been long known for the
 mobocratic spirit which in former days pre
 vailed in the place. I could not, though in
 timated by a fri nd from w hom I received a
 letter previous to my going, have expected a i
 very general attendance.
 On tny arrival, I discovered handbills all
 through the streets, announcing the meeting, 1
 to be held at the Fniversalist Church and
 on inquiring for the residence of Dr. Adams
 Jewett, to niy astonishment, I found displayed
 on the centre column of the porch in front of j
 his house, a notice of the meeting. This, of
 course, in such a place as Dayton, I did not
 expect, for the reason that Dr. Jewett is the
 same person against whom was directed the
 malignity of those infernal outrages, so fre
 quent heretofore, perpetrated against the
 friends of freedom and the ami-slavery cause.
 The Doctor was four or f,ve times mobbed— 1
 having had his windows broken to atoms—
 the medicines and a great deal of the turni
 niture of his office and house destroyed hv this
 species of insulTerable villany. Like the
 gentlemanly ruffians who placed the rope
 around his neck, and dragged through the
 streets the non-resisting and lamb-like Gar
 rison, of Boston, no doubt determined, had
 he r.ot been rescued front their fiend-like
 grasp, on bis destruction—so were those
 foremost in this work of infamy against Dr.
 Adams Jewett, also a non-resistant, though a
 Liberty Party man, composed of well-dressed
 miscreants of property and standing.”
 I have it flora his own lips, that there was
 nothing more common, w hen passing through
 the streets, than for him to be stigmatized
 with the epithet of nigger"'—casting, if IJ
 mistake not, frequently,aton es at him. Not j
 content with this mischief and insult, but to j
 make ihc injury more compleic, although he
 being the most competent physician in the I
 place, the patronage of the artislo&lt;ra&lt;y was
 withdrawn from him.
 But notwithstanding all this, like a no!»l&lt;&gt;-
 hearted aod true philanthropist, ns he is, hr
 outlived lies long-continued contumely, ami
 they who in those days were the foremost i.; I
 their boasting of deeds which should h ive
 made the most relentless endeavor to con-
 ceal, cannot he found, who w:li admit thnt
 they even countenanced such insaiflbrubii*
 de-.ds of daring. Dr. Jewett, i.« tuithstandii.g
 the community in which he lives, is a practi
 cal as well as professing philanthropist, and
 earn', out Ins principles, in every manner
 which duty demands. His family is equally
 excellent with himself, his lady being one of 1
 the best of women, and the h r mist in almost
 all good and benevolent institutions among the
 ladies in this city. 1 hnv thus particularized
 Dr. Jewett a.id family, fur the reason that
 they have stood almost alone in the midst of a j
 large pro-slavery community, until, through
 their instrumentality, it is nearly prostrated, j
 Dayton is an inland city, of above thirteen
 thousand inhabitants, and was originally set
 tied by wealthy Kentuckian*, some of whom i
 even brought slaves with them hence, it was
 hard and difficult to overcome these human
 fitsh-moager*. T.'ie prepond.-ranee, how-'
 ever, of the population are descendants of
 Pennsylvania Dutch, who are infinitely worse
 than Kentuckians. The interspersing of the
 population wilh New Fnglandcrs and New
 Yorkers, has ir Dayton the place of civil
 ity that it now
 I hail a good in-. ling and attentive audi
 ence of ladies ami gentlemen on this evening,
 but in consequence of the anxiety of the peo
 ple to hi ar, the church being thought too
 small, the City Hall was proposed for the next
 evening, which was al«o filled witli an atten
 tive assemblage of intelligent listeners. i
 June Hib.— Lectured again m the City Hall, j
 which was filed to the utmost capacity, v&lt; j
 tibule and aisles, which, when thus filled, is
 said t» contain about eleven hundred eople. 1
 Lake tbe former, this meeting was equally
 listful and attentive, breaking up in theb'tst of
 order and apparent satisfaction. I have been
 since informed, that a very good impression
 has been produced in Dayton. Our good
 colaborer, Henry Bibb, lectured in Dayton
 one week previous to my coming—a place
 where he has several tunes previously spo
 ken, and much admired but whatever merit
 there is io Mr. Bibb, they hare always found
 it very applicable to attribute it to hi* trAt/e
 -rtflss—that is, they say that bis talents ema
 nate from the preponderance of tcfuU Mood in
 him. This it will puzzle them to say of me
 On Thursday afternoon and evening of the
 Bth. I he! good meting* is the Hall, the
 meeting in the evening being a very jam.
 On Friday evening, I lectured to the colored
 etttseua is the True Wesleyan Chapel, the
 pastor of which, Mr. W. Oemenee, is sa
 amiable and intelligent gentleman, student of
 Oberiin. flaring the usual few exceptions
 made in all cases where the general will is
 applied, among whom Mr. Cfemeaen in one,
 together with hie and mom other families, the
colored people in this place tie farthest be
 hind the age of any I bare yet met in
 travels. This I much regret, and may Jft
 bare much to any about them in future.
 Saturday morning the 10th. left Dayton for
 Springfield, where I armed the same after
 f»«*on and finding, on inqeiring, that the
 people and clergy were rather too pro-*)it ef y
 to obtain a church, I applied to the Sheng
 who rery readily granted permission for the
 Court House; but the court being then in
 session, it could not be used, as the books
 records and documents were then deponed ia
 the Court Chamber. I remained here, en _
 dearoring to get up a general meeting and
 obtain subscribers, holding t» 0 m relln|f
 among the colored inhabitants, four days, but
 without success, the court not adjourning un
 til the rooming I left tb« r l 3&lt;v Jere
 colored p«*ople, with some rx- ptions, aw suJ j
 b hind those of Dayton, br.ng most indifferent
 to matters pertaining to tWtr welfare and de
 ration of any with whom it has been n.v f„ r
 tunc to meet. In and about this place I could
 i neither soe nor hear of colored mechanics nor
 tanners. This is sad, and I would that I
 could otherwise write, but it is even so.which
 w as not the case in Dayton, as there Wesoa*
 colored mechanics there, hovveter little use
 they may make of th »r trades. If I have
 misrepresented the go&lt; d peoj !e of Springfield,
 they will do me the favor to correct it.
 Monday 14th.—Lectured in Troy to a good
 assemblage of ladies and gentlemen in t. e
 low n Hail. 'I his hail stands near the Court
 House, and on this, as is usual on such occa
 sions, the bell in the cupola of the Court
 House was rung Aw meevmg. But on the
 evening of Tuesday, hating mentioned the
 name of Gen. Taylor in the course of my
 previous address, the Sheriff prohibited the
 ringing of the bell. Albeit, we had a large
 audience and a quiet meet hit
 In and about this place, reside a portion of
 the Randolph people, driven bv mob t.oience
 from the land purchased for them near Picka
 way. Here resides the wife and daughter of
 the old and faithful groom of John Randolph;
 Juba Taylor—known as Juba. She is now
 married to a nephew of her former husband,
 Juba, who calls himself Rial Randolph, and
 who is evidently several years younger than
 his wife and aunt, Cecilia Taylor, the wife of
 Juba. She possesses that kind of intelligence
 that the wife of an illiterate slave, like Juba,
 might be expected to possess. Susan ia the
 nanieof Juba's daughter, who is about 1G years
 of age, and said to bo the image of her
 father. If so, Juha was a .pure Guinean r
 small features and intelligent expression.—
 Ills wife informed me that he has been dead
 some six or seven years, and denies that he
 could either read or write, and all say that
 John Randolph w ould not permit a slave to be
 taught to read. These people generally are
 are very ignorant, though some of their child
 ren have learned to road during the shoit tnn«
 they have been in Ohio, and that, too, under
 the most disadvantageous circumstances.
 I met here a rare genius in the person of e
 little boy, but fourteen years of age, by th*
 name of Simon Foreman Laundrey, a natural
 Phrenologist, who examines heads, reads out
 the organs, and delivers lectures on the
 science. He has had but comparatively little
 schooling, and w hat his qualifications are I do
 not know; but he speaks properly, and hia
 examinations compare well with experienced
 and competent professors of the science of
 phrenology. Of course he is defective yet,
 but if care bu taken to give him an education,
 some day lie will he at the head of his pro
 fession.
 'I he little genius lectures also rn Dentistry
 the anatomy, jhysiolrgy -.rd disease of the
 teeth. lie informed rnc that h«* is preparing
 a work of some CO 01 sixty pages, which he
 expects to bring out a »tc I.ai vest,’’ cn the
 Geography ot the Bruin," which ia to bo
 the title ot his work.
 if; otic ted his so mess to examine rny
 cranium, and pa. sod his little hands over the
 organs, it admg them with as much facility as
 Fowler or Melrose. 1 advised this child to
 iravel through the country, m company with
 nis mother or some other adult relative, which
 iruni ihe novelty ot his age and all the con
 necting circumstances, would secure him a
 patronage, from the proceeds of which, in a
 lew mouths, he would gam sufficient to edu
 cate h.maeli at Obeiini, or some other literary
 institution. His father reside.-* at llarnsburg,
 0., a poor man, a blacksmith by trade, having
 a family of several children, none of whom,
 *ays Simon, save himself, appear inclined to
 literature, or manifest more than ordinary in
 tellect.
 On Friday, I held a meeting in the M. E.
 Church at Milton, according to re ous no
 tice, which was full and attentive, i lectured
 again on Saturday (yisterdiy) evening, ihe
 17ih, to a good and ence. In the morning,
 I w ent out of Milton about three miles, to a
 settlement of the other part of the Randolph
 people, whom I addressed in a kind of bush
 meeting, in the woods, where a number of
 them, of all ages and both sexes, collected
 together with many of the white neighbors.—
 W e adapted our discourse and language to*
 their comprehension, speaking to them witK
 the most childlike simplicity. Mr. C. H.
 lang-tun, a talented young colored gentleman,
 who volunteered his service* to travel with
 and assist me for a while, was in company,
 and also spoke to them.
 Here I met with a brother and unci* of
 John White, the old aud faithful page of Juh&lt;t
 Randolph, known as his man Job*. Juha
 White, becoming ducouraged—- a* welt bn
 might— at the outrages perpetrated against
 himself aud comrades in Ohio, left the State
 and went back to Virginia; bat the laws or
 ordinances nut perrtMUug him to remain in
 that State, hi* people infor.iun»,h* ha* removed
 to Philadelphia, where, 1 have since been in
 formed by a gentleman, who say* he baa good
 authority for saving that he ia busily engaged
 narrating the Life of John Randolph, for
 some Virginia historian, who is preparing to
 bring out the life of this singular man—the
 of Ronnonk. What John is to re
 oeive for his service*, J have not beard, but
 hope he rs to be properly recompensed.
 These people generally appear much more
 intelligent than thoee at Troy, and several cf
 their ch.Utrcn also read. All, however,
 readily join i* saying that John Randolph wan
 fond master,’ If these poor, ignorant,
 dejected and degraded people are—sod they
 »o*l surely **e sock—the evidence* of good
 master, or slave holder, in the name of heaven,
 what must be the condition of those generally
 who derm no such character for the Mfe
