Poetry.
From Ike Peace Advent*.
 OCEAN PENNY POSTAGE.
 BY R. O. BOARS.
 Uncle John i* stout and sturdy,
 Uncle John has gold in store;
 Mighty fleet! upon die ocean.
 Merchandise upon the thore;
 Land* and how**, *beep oxea,
 Corn in granaries and fiekU;
 All which givctb enae or pleasure.
 Or to man subsistence yield*.
 Uncle John ini mam- sbildrcn,
 Scattered widely here and there,
 Ami the language that he speaketh,
 It is spoken everywhere;
 Wheresoever foot hath trodden,
 There the awi of Uncle John
 Ttavel, trade, and preach die gospel,
 Earnest workers every one.
 Torrid, temperate, or frigid,
 Be the climate what it may,
 Daring dangers, overcoming
 Difficulties, there are they;
 Savage creature* yield unto diem.
 Or before tlteir step* relit e,
 Nought ran damp their spirits* ardor,
 Nought their energies can tire.
 On the burning plaint of India,
 In the (hr-off South-Sea Isles;
 ’Mid the «and waste, where but rarely
 Bright the green oasis smiles;
 In the forest daik and |iatliless.
 On die prairie without hound,
 Ocean, lake, and rushing rjver,
 Arc tl»ese sons of Britain found.
 Uncle Johu he liath a Itroilier,
 Younger, yet a well-grown man;
 In the west lie is located,
 And his name is Jonathan;
 And he, too, has many children,
 Raatning some o’er all die earth;
 Many more are filed and settled
 Round about their place of birth
 Sturdy fellers of the forest,
 Sturdy tillers of the land,
 Ptoughers of the deep, and hunters,
 ’Mid these regions wild and grand,
 W hen the red man built his w igwam,
 Many thousand mile* away,
 From die track of the pale fares,"
 Who now daily pass tliat way.
 Uncle*fc ships are ever passing,
 Ami reparsing o’er the wave,
 And our yearning hearts do ever
 Tidings of the absent crave;
 News of relatives who travel,
 Of the friends afar who dwell,
 \N e would know how feel, how fare they,
 How they prosper, ill or well.
 Greetings e’er should pass lietwecu us,
 And the heart’s fond interchange,
 But alas! we’re poor, and therefore,
 Distance must our hearts estrange;
 And the white-winged heralds, as llicy
 O’er the Atlantic go and come,
 To tlic watching, waiting many,
 Upon either shore, ure dumb.
 Uncle John! do send the letters,
 By your ships that go and come,
 Friends abroad would fain be writing
 Unto anxious friends at home;
 We would wish the absent loved ones,
 In our joys and woes to share;
 Send them/or a ptnny, Uncle,
 It is all we have to spare.
 Free as air, and free as sunshine,
 Intercourse ’tu ixt man and man,
 Should be rendered, howe’er sundered;
 You can do it, uncle, can
 Will—we know it, sec how smiling
 Is your fat*, the while you say—
 Hands in pockets, calculating—
 Will it pay ?■—but will it pay!”
 Will it pay? why, Uncle! uncle!
 Can you doubt it? look at home—
 See how fiom all parts, your mail bags
 Daily weightier become;
 Hear how all your children bless you,
 For the boon they here enjoy;
 Oh, extend it o’er the waters,
 And our eager pens employ.
 Will it pay 7 why, fifty letters
 Will be sent in place of one;
 Fifty pence for one poor shilling—
 Think of that, good uncle John!
 Think, too, how ’tw ill foster commerce,
 And all friendly tics increase,
 Binding na’iou unto ualion
 In die bonds of Love and Peace.
 FEELINGS OF A SLAVE ON THE FOURTH
 OF JULY.
 BY JOHS tVKSTALL.
 The bells ring merrily to-day,
 The birth-day of the free,
 And yet tlieii chiming does not bring
 One gleam of hope to me.
 The cannon’* brazen lips proclaim
 Tim joy the w hite man feels,
 And yet its thunder-mocking voice,
 My sad condition seals.
 Sweet music fills the sunny air,
 With gladness that I cannot share.
 Within my veins the proudest blood
 Of proud Virginia roll*,
 And oft my pulses throb and leap,
 W hile fear my tongue controls.
 Ami when the glorious day returns,
 I fear my heart w ill break,
 For here, ’mid Freedom’s llaines I stand,
 A victim at the stake;
 A poor, degraded, wonn-iike tiling,
 Of w hom the poets only sing.
 And am I not a man, though God
 My skin hath darkly dyed!
 Ah no! I am a chattel, thing.
 Though yonder walks my bride;
 Though yonder plays my liulc babe—
 Not mine! Oh, say not so!
 A word, a look, and I am scut
 W here Sabine's waters flow
 And they are sold, and dragged away,
 To pluck die rice from day to day.
 Oh, blessed breeze that fans my brow.
 No chain can fasten dice;
 Nor thee, old ocean, wlx.se wild waves
 E’er sing of iibei tv.
 Bfor ye, whose lamps illume die night.
 The night, the slave’s U*i&gt;t friend,
 Whose manik- shields him from die eve,
 Which tyrants o’er him bend.
 Oh, nature! why art thou so free.
 If freedom were not made for me!
 It was—l am a man, as they
 Who crush me to the earth;
 kike them, both love and thought are mine,
 Life, thought i aixl human death.
 Aod God my Father is. But why
 I Unger here, who knows!
 I most achieve my lights, as they
 Who now are Freedom’* foe*..
 Wher* Freedom lives, there must I fly,
 1 will not here grow weak and die.
 Oh, good North Star! thy light shall guide
 My feet amidst tbe shark-;
 For underneath thy steadfast ray,
 Her Immus has Freedom made,
 And where n»y cot shad rise k
 And there tuy baltfs shall play.
 And I wil labor bard far diem,
 'lbough poor and mean the pay:
 The toil is sweet that is man’s own—
 A Ums d*at 1 have never known.
Selections.
k'tvm the New York Evssgeiwu
 INKL'It REi’TION Ilf Cl'BA.
 tfaranna March, 1818.
 Their? have been lately some serious
 symptoms of insurrection discovered
 among the slaves of this island, and so
 serious, Chat troops have been stationed
 on several plantations to be ready for
 immediate action in case of an out
 break. The timely discovery of these
 insurrectionary movements will proba
 bly postpone the danger; but the
 inhabitants are in constant apprehen
 sion, and past events show that there
 fears are not groundless. Large num
 bers of the slaves, trained to war, and
 massacre in Africa, arc ready to enlist
 in any scheme of plunder and blood
 shed, however small mav be the pros
 pect of securing their freedom. They
 only need competent leaders to excite
 their pa-sions and direct their move
 ments. Such leaders are found among
 the free negroes, who remember their
 sufferings while in bondage, and thirst
 for revenge. But the military force of
 the island is too great te allow the
 slightest hope to the slave of obtaining
 his liberty by insurrection, and the
 attempt is to be deprecated moie on
 account of the cruelties it will provoke
 from the whites, than on account of the
 dangers they may fear from the blacks.
 The scenes of November, 1843.
 be re-cnacted. The character and
 consequences of that insurrection are
 probably little understood, as very few
 of the facts were ever published.
 In the first outbreak, which commen
 ced on the estate Trintnvirabo, six
 white persons were killed, and proper
 ty to the amount of $BO,OOO was des
 troyed. A few days alter, Don Kste
 ban do Oviedo discovered a plan for an
 insurrection in Sabanilla, to which it is
 supposed that 4*0,000 slaves were ac-
 I cessory. The conspiracy was conduc
 ted by one Valdes, a mulatto poet, who
 was supposed to have been instigated
 by Turnbull, the British Consul. lam
 j not aware, however, that there was
 any positive evidence of his agtncy in
 the alfair.
 The measures of the conspirators
 were so ill-concerted, that they could
 not act in concert, and before a decis
 i ivc blow' was struck, the ringleaders
 were arrested, and the infected dis
 tricts filled with soldiers’ which put a
 speedy end to the disturbance. Then
 j followed the work of retribution. A
 sort of civil Inquisition was instituted,
 which was administered with a spirit of
 brutality and ferocity rarely exhibited
 by any civilized tribunal since the days
 oi the Romish Inquisition.
 Free negroes were the chief objects
 of suspicion, and were arrested and
 put to the torture on no other evidence
 of guilt than the fact that they were 1
 free. Many who resided twenty or
 thirty miles from the scene of the out
 break, were seized and dragged with
 merciless cruelty from place to place,!
 and flogged till death by their wounds'
 or their own hands put an end to their
 sufferings. The case of a negro tailor
 at Guiucs, was related to me by one of
 his neighbors. He had purchased his
 freedom, and accumulated property to
 the amount of about $lO,OOO. This
 fact made him a prominent mark for
 the inquisitors. He was seized, and
 confined for several days in the stocks,
 with scarcely food enough to sustain
 life. Then he.was marched on foot
 forty-five miles to Matanzas, where he
 was twice flogged almost to death, to
 extort from him information concerning
 the conspiracy, which he could not
 possibly have possessed. Expecting
 that this torture would be continued, as
 he saw it in other cases, he opened an
 artery, and was found in his prison a
 corpse. His property was confiscated
 to the crown.
 A similar course was adopted with
 slaves. Soldiers w ere sent to the plan
 tations, and hundreds of slaves were
 hunted through the cane fields, and
 shot like wild beasts. Planters were
 compelled to surrender the in st intelli
 gent and valuable of their slaves, to be
 taken to Matanzas or Cardenas for
 torture. The process is thus described
 by a gentleman from South Carolina,
 who was residing in the neighborhood
 when these scenes occurred: “A
 thousand lashes w ere in many cases
 inflicted on a single negro a great
 number died under this continued
 torture, and still more from spasms,
 and gangrene of the wounds. Con
 fessions thus obtained, especially when
 the prisoner was influenced by leading
 questions, could not be always relit d
 on, and not a few in their dying mo
 ments declared that all'they had said
 was false. A number of whites, both
 Creoles and foreigners, were arrested
 on such testimony, and confidence in!
 the protection of the Government was
 entirely lost. Abandoned to the
 caprice of the sub-commissions that
 visited the plantations, the whole popu
 lation, afraid to utter one word against
 tin ir acts, in despair saw their proper
 ty sacrificed, and were compelled to
 witness the most revolting scenes of
 cruelty.”
 These scenes are still fresh in the
 remembrance of the inhabitants, and
 there is no security that they may not
 be repeated at any hour. The tyranny
 of their foreign masters is n* t more
 grevieus than the tyranny of slavery,
 and between both, the white inhabi
 tants of Cuba are strangers to the sense
 of security. Soon after the last insur
 rection, in order to prevent the recur
 rence of such scenes, they petitioned
 the Captain-General for a prohibition
 of the slavtt rade. But this oulv
 brought upon their heads the wrath of
 Gen. O’Donnell, and many of the
 petitioners were compelled to leave the
 island. It will not be strange if am liter
 msurrect on shull be atteinptid. Theyj
 have the example and the sympathy",
 and may expect the aid of the 800,000
 fiee blanks in St. Domingo, nnd the
 40(1,000 in Jamaica. The emancipa
 tion of the slaves m the French islands,
 and the terrible vengeance winch they
 are inflicting upon their former masters, j
 ate or will be known, notwithstanding
 the efforts used to prevent it. Proba*-,
 bly these events have occasioned the!
 present svmpt&lt;ms of outbreak, and
 m«y yet produce more decisive effects
 us they become w&lt; re genet ally known
 among the slaves. In short, the posi
 tion of Cuba, in this respect, is very]
 critical, and she may soon witness
tragedies not less hlcodjr than those
 which resulted iu the asceadeccj of the
 blacks iu St, Domingo. C.
SELF-MADE ME!!.
 These,as has been well said,are »erj
 frequently the best made men. In our
 country they are so me a hat numerous.
 Without ibe separating- barrier* oi
 cartes, the avenues to wealth and hon
 or are here open to all who chose to
 enter them. l*hose most eager to em
 brace and most successful in the use ol
 the privileges granted in a land of free
 dom, are not always those who have
 been favored with prosperous circum
 stances—born, as the old saying is with
 silver spoons in their mouths, and
 among crow ds of friends to watch and
 aid them. Tract* back the biographies
 of our richest, greatest and best men,
 and how humble the origin of many;
 from what low starting points of ignor
 ance and poverty have they risen to their
 nigh stations! There is something en
 ervating in too much relief, in early
 davs, from personal exertion. A child
 with many hands ready to lead him or
 to prevent him from tailing, does not so
 soon learn to walk selt-sustained and
 with a firm step as one compelled to
 rely on his own muscles and courage.
 Strength comes from contest with diffi
 culties; and although encouragement
 mav be needful to some, obstacles are
 fine stimulants to others. A determined
 spirit, to w horn there is a possibility ol
 success, will often in the end obtain
 more than one who has only to breathe
 a wish to have it gratified. e have
 seen this truth frequently exemplified,
 we have seen the children ol good for
 tune break down in the race of life—
 become at manhood imbecile and faint
 hearted and without reputation; whilst
 urchins that started em the race ragged
 and bare-footed, have distanced their
 more favored competitors and won gold
 en prizes. It is good, although not in
 all cases absolutely necessary, for a
 man that he bear the yoke in his youth.
 If the boy lias anything in him the yoke
 will not prevent his growth. He will
 keep what lie gets by saciifice and bard
 toil: he will value t:ie knowledge which
 he is obliged to pay for with the sweat
 of his own brow. He will not play tru
 ant, or sit idle, or half-get his lessons
 at school, when he must foot his own
 quarter bills for tuition. A young rnan
 at college will hardly miss many recita
 tions, when he has to meet his ex
 penses by his own labors. When we
 see one pursuing knowledge under
 difficulties, there need bo little fear
 that he will not be in the end vic
 torious. With Nil desperandum” for
 his motto, translated, as a friend of ours
 used to translate it at him again,“
 he will make his way in tire world and
 make himself known among men.
 There is nothing like danger and des
 titution to develops a soul strong in
 native power. It grows under the
 oppression of circumstances: it finds out
 its own resources, in proportion to its
 deprivation of aid from without; it learns
 by hitter experience, what every boy
 and girl ought to be taught, be they
 rich or poor, that to a great extent we
 must depend, after all, upon ourselves
 and tread the wine press alone.”
 Some examples of self-made men have
 recently come to our knowledge, which
 we should be glad to describe if propri
 ety would permit. Suffice it to say,
 they ar e proofs of the fact, that in this
 land no rnan who is willing to pay the
 price—w ho is w illing to toil and perse
 vere, need fear that h:s light will be
 forever hid. If, as the phrase is, he
 has got tire root of the matter in him,”
 and will go resolutely to w or k, bo honest
 and diligent he can sooner or later win
 for himself name and fame. Their
 excellencies the Governors of some cf
 our states, honorable Senators, re spect
 able lawyers, ministers and schoolmas
 ters, by regiments, began to hew their
 w ay to honorable stations, literally with
 the axe; and this is to their great credit.
 Such men are not ashamed of their
 origin; and there is no reason why they
 should be. An oak might as well be
 ashamed that it was once an acorn.
 Most honorable to self-made men is the
 fact that they have climbed as high from
 the ground by their own unaided efforts,
 as others who started from the should
 ers of tall lathers. They probably
 acted well the humble parts first asigned
 them in the great drama of life; and
 thus obtained promotion and became
 “stars.” A good story is told of a late
 eminent merchant of Boston, which we
 recommend all young men to remember.
 When Mr. William Gray was somewhat
 advanced in year.*;, he was one day
 superintending a piece of carpenters’
 work, and he had occasion to reprimand
 the man who was performing it, tor not
 doing his work tr ell. The carpenter
 turned upon him—he and Billy having
 known each other in youth—and said,
 Billy Giay, what do you presume to
 scold me for? You arc a rich rnan ’tis
 true; hut didn't I know you when you
 were nothing but a drummer?”
 “Well,” said Mr Gray, didn’t I drum
 ire//, eh: didn’t 1 drum ire//?” If any lad
 who reads this hapens to lie drumming,
 let hitn be sure and drum trr//; and per
 haps, by and bvj he may rise to be a
 captain in the march ol intellect.
 TIIE HERO OF THE PLAGUE.
 When the plague raged violently at
 Marseilles, every link ot affection was
 broken; the father turned from the chi'd
 —the child from the lather—cowardice
 and ingratitude no longer excited indig
 nation. Misery is at its height when it
 thus destroys every generous feeling—
 thus dissolves every tre of humanity.
 The city became a dese-rt—grass grew
 in the streets— a funeral rr.et you at
 every step. The physicians assembled
 iu a body at the Hotel de ilie, to !u Id
 a consultation cn the fearful disra-e,
 for which no remedy had yet been d s
 covered. After a long consultation,
 they decided, unanimously, that the
 malady bad a peculiar aud mysterious
 character,w hich opening a corpse might
 develop* —an operati* n which it was
 impossible to altr nipt, since the operator,
 must infallibly become a victim in a few
 hours, beyond the power of human art.
 to save him, asthe violence of tin attack
 would preclude their ndmi?r&lt; i tug the
 customary remedies.
 A dead pam*e wrerdt d this fatal;
 decimation. Suddenly a mrgeon,
 named Guyon, in the prime of life, and
 of great celebrity in bn* profession, rose, j
 and said, firmly—
‘Be it so—l devote mt We for the
 nfctf of my country. Before this nu
 merous assembly 1 promise, in the name
 of humanity and religion,that tomorrow,
 at the break of day, 1 wiH dissect a
 corpse, and write down, as I proceed,
 what 1 observe.*
 He left lhe assembly instantly. They
 admire him—lament his fate—and
 doubt whether he will persist in his
 design. The intrepid aod pious Guy on,
 animated by all that sublime energy
 religion or patriotism can inspire, acted
 up to his word. He had married, and
 was rich; and he immediately made
 his will, dictated by justice and f.tety.
 A man had died in his house within
 twenty-four hours. Guyou, at day
 break, shut himself up in the same room.
 Full of enthusisam, never had lie felt
 more firm or collected. Kneeling before
 the corpse, he wrote: ‘Mouldering
 tenement of an immortal soul, not only
 can I gaze on thee without horror, but
 even with joy and gratitude. Thou
 open to me the gates of a glorious
 eternity. In discovering to me the
 secret cause of the terrible plague
 which destroys my native city, thou
 wilt render my sacrifice useful, Oh,
 God! Thou wilt bless the action Thou
 thyself hast inspired!’
 He began—he finished—the dread
 ful operation; and recorded in detail
 his surgical observations. He then
 left the room—threw the papers into a
 vase of vinegar, and immediately sought
 the Lazaretto, where he died in twelve
 hours: a death ten thousand times
 more glorious than that of the w arrior,
 who, to save his country, rushes on the
 enemy’s ranks—since he advances
 with hope at least, and sustained,
 admired, and seconded, by a whole
 army.
 Physicians, who remain firm in the
 discharge of their duties, while the
 fears of their fellow citizens are
 prompting them to fly from contagion,
 display that moral courage w hich is as
 far superior to the physical energy
 which sustains the soldier in buttle, as
 mind is superior to matter.
 ELOCtCEMT THOUGHTS.
 The Rev. Henry Giles, in a lecture
 recently delivered in the city of Phila
 delphia, thus eloquently describes the
 tarewell thoughts of an upright man, in
 the last hour of his liter
 O thou glorious sun—still pour
 down thy splendor to bless men’s eyes
 and to gladden their hearts. Many
 years have 1 rejoiced in thy light; with
 rapture have I watched it dawn upon
 the mountains'; with rapture have 1
 lingered with its parting magnificence
 on the evening clouds. iStill pour down
 thy beauty, and be the central lamp in
 the blue canopy of heaven for endless
 generations. Shine on, ye stars, sweet
 and solemn as ye are, and though
 awful, lovely—with wings of fancy that
 no lower air could damp, 1 have risen
 to your dread sublimity and been lost
 in your measureless depths. I have
 felt a terr ible and a speechless joy—
 still show to the lonely watchers ot the
 night, your everlasting harmony—still
 play on to mortals the music of your
 eternal spheres! Roll on, thou mighty
 Ocean, symbol as thou art, of mystery
 and power; unfathomable abyss, resist
 less strength—great binder of the
 nations. 1 have slept upon thy heaving
 breast; I have sported with thy shore
 kissing wavelets; 1 have listened to thy
 low, sad song in the calm, and thy
 chorus of fierce sounds in the tempest;
 but the hour draws nigh, when my eve
 shall no more see thee, anti my car
 shall no more hear thee. Aud lliou,
 gentle Earth! hospitable and comely
 home—beautiful tiicu art, beautiful
 exceedingly; and though sorrow and
 wrong, arid guilt and death be on thee,
 thou rernainest beautiful despite them
 all. Soon I shall look my last upon
 your hills and valleys, and your fields
 —but lovingly; as iny senses fail, shall
 1 think on thee, first dwelling place to
 the infancy of my immortality. Human
 beings! leaving you, I bless you. I
 bless your sympathies. I arn grateful
 for every tie that bound me to you for
 every benefit you have done me. Still
 let childhood bound in its innocence
 and youth rejoice in its strength, and
 man put forth his power, and woman he
 lovely in her purity, and age the bless
 edness of peace. I must quit this
 habitation, which must return to the
 dust out of which it was made, while niv
 spirit returns to God who gave it. J
 am at the end of my pilgrimage, and I
 am satisfied. lam at the portals of
 the invisible and mysterious Future.
 I behold the stirring of the veil w hich
 is soon to he taken away—l see the
 shadow of the solemn messenger that
 is to aim mice my removal. Let the
 veil be laised. lam prepared to enter
 —let the messenger approach—l am
 prepared to follow.”
 HOW TO MOVE THE WORLD.
 One day a philosopher caine to Ath
 ens, from a tar country, to learn the
 ways of the wonderful Greeks, and
 perhaps to teach them the great love
 lie hud treasured in his heart. The
 men heard him, sought his company in
 the gardens, talked with him in private.
 Ihe young men loved him. He passed
 for a wonder with the wonder-loving
 people.
 Among those that followed him, was
 a son of Sophroniscus, an ill-favored
 young man, a mechanic of humble
 sank. He was one of the few that
 understood the dark, orient doctrines of
 the age, when he sp«-kt» of tied, Man,
 freedom, Goodness, of f\e Lift* that
 never dies. The younj ".an kgw these
 doctrines we*c pregnant tlb actions,
 aud would one day make a revolution
 iu the uflairs of men, disinheriting ma
 ny an ancient rin now held legitimate.
 So be said to himself, when he saw a
 man rich and famous, “Uh, that 1 were
 *ilso rich aud iaiuous, I would move the
 world so soon! Here are sins to be
 plucked up, and truths to he planted.—
 Oh, tiiat i could do it all! 1 would
 nieud the world right soon.” Vet he
 did nothing but wait for wealth aud
 fame.
 One day the wage heard him com
 plain with himself, and said, Young
 man, thou speakest as one of the silly
 women. The Gospel of God is writ
 lor all. Let him that would move the
 world, mqgp first himself He that
 w ould dogood to men, begins w ith what
 tools God has given him, and gets more
 as the world gets on. It asks oei'bcr
wealth nor fane to live out noble life;
 at the end of thy lane is Athens. Make
 thy lights thy Life; thy thought action:
 others will come round. Thou askest
 a place to staod on hereafter, and
 move the world. Foolish young man,
 take it where thou standest, and begin
 now. So the work shall go forward,
 Reform thy little self, and thou hast
 begun to reform thee world. Fear not
 I thy work shall die!”
 The youth took the bint; reformed
 himself of his coarseness, his sneers,
 of all meanness that was in him. His
 idea became his life; and that blame
 less and lovely. His truth passed into
 the public mind as the sun into the air.
 His influence passes like morning from
 continent to continent, and the rich and
 the poor are blessed bv the light, and
 warmed by the life of Socrates, though
 they know not his name.
 FEMALE INFLUENCE.
 Under God, I ow e my early educa
 tion, nay, all that 1 have been or am, to
 the counsel and tutelage of a pious
 mother. It was peace to her sainted
 spirit, it was her monitory voice, that
 first taught my young heart tiitfeeL
 that there was danger in the intoxi
 eating cup, and that safety lay in absti
 nence.
 And as no one is more indebted than
 myself to the kind of influence in ques
 tion, so no one more fully realizes how
 decisively it bears upon the destiniesof
 others.
 l ull wjil, I know, that by woman
 came the upustacy of Adam, and by
 woman, the tecovery, through Jesus.
 It was woman that imbued the mind
 and formed the character of Moses, Is
 rael’s deliver. It was a woman that
 led the choir, and gave back the re
 sponse of that triumphal procession,
 which went forth to celebrate with
 timbrels, on the banks of the Red Sea,
 the overthrow of Pharaoh. It was a
 woman that put Sisera to flight, and
 composed the song of Deborah and
 Barak, the son of Abinoam, and judged
 in for years, the tribes
 of Israel. It was a woman that defeat
 ed the wicked counsels of Haman,
 delivered righteous Mordecai, and
 saved a whole people from their utter
 desolation.
 And now to speak of Semiramis, of
 Babylon, of Catharine, of Russiaj or
 of those queens of England whose joy
 ous reigns con titutethe brightest peri
 ods of Biitish history, or her, the young
 and lovely, the patron of learning and
 morals, who .now adorns the throne ot
 the sea-girt isles; not now to speak of
 these, there are others of more sacred
 i character, of whom it were adntissable
 I even now to speak.
 The sceptre of empire is not the
 sceptre that best befits the hand of wo
 man; n-if is the field of carnage hei
 field of glory. Home, sweet home, is
 her theatre of action, h r pedestal o
 beauty, and throne of power. Or i
 ■seen abroad, she is seen to the best ad
 vantage when on her errands of love
 and wearing her robe of mercy.
 It was not woman that slept during
 the agony of Gethsemane; it was not
 woman that denied her Lord at the
 palace of Caiphas; it was not woman
 that deserted his cross on the hill ol
 Calvary. But it was woman who dared
 to testify her respect for Ids corpse,that
 procured spices for embalming it, and
 that was found last at night and first in
 the morning at his sepulchre. Time has
 not impaired her kindness, shaken hei
 constancy, or changed her character.
 I Now, as formerly, she is most read)
 to enter, and most reluctant to leave,
 the abode of misery. Now, as-former
 ly, it is her ofiice, and well it has been
 sustained, to stay the fainting head,
 wipe from the dim eye the tear of an
 guish, and from the cold forehead the
 'dew of death.— Dr. JS'clf.
 Afiectiov. We sometimes meet
 with men who seem to think that an)
 indulgence ir&gt;au affectionate feeling is
 weakness. They will return from a
 journey and greet their families with a
 distant dignity, and move among their
 children with the cold and lofty splen
 dor of an iceberg surrounded by its
 broken fragments. There is hardly a
 more unnatural sight on earth than one
 of those families without a heart. A
 father had better extinguish his bov’s
 eyes than take away his heart! Who
 that has experienced the joys of friend
 ship, and values sympathy and affec
 tion, would not rather lose all that is
 beautiful in nature’s scenery, than be
 robbed of the hidden treasure of his
 heart Who would not rather bury
 his wife than bury his love for her?—
 Who would not rather follow his child
 to the grave, than entomb his parental
 affections? Cherish, then, your heart’s
 best affections. Indulge in the warm
 and gushing emotions &lt;&gt;f filial, parental
 and fraternal love. Think it not a
 weakness: God is love. Love God,
 love everybody, and every thing that is
 lovely. Teach your children to love,
 to love the rose, the robin; to love their
 parents; to love God. Let it be the
 studied object of their domestic culture
 to give them warn* hearts, ardent affec
 tions. Bind your whole family togeth
 er by these strong coids. You can
 not make them too strong. Religion is
 love; I *ve to God, love to man.—
 Cktimbtr*' Journal.
 The Ocean. —How lovely on Hie
 ocean is the hour of departing day ?How
 magnificent the spectacle ot theseiting
 sun apparently sinking into its depths,
 as if to Ltd the world an eternal adieu
 and gilding as with burnished gold the
 varying surlace of the waters, the
 fleecy clouds,of every variety of color
 ing from the derpest crimson to the fain
 test tinge of ethenal blue, lie piled one
 above the other, as if from their lofty
 dwelling 1 in elaely repose, they acre
 vewing the tranquil scene benath.
 And now' perhaps, from some joyous
 band, on yonder gallant bark, music's
 sweetest strains come stealing o’er the
 sea; now it floats aroand su in majes
 tic fulness and harmony, and then, as
 the vesael rises and sinks with the bouy
 ant wave, we hear it in the distance, as
 it were the charmed melody of the ta
 bled nymphs of ocean. Soon the silvary
 star of silent eve rises from the watery
 waste—and as night sways her sceptre
 o’er the world, brooding it in darkness
 the vault of heaven is spangled with its
 brilliant gems. Now the music ceases,
 as the light hark speeds to her destined
 shore and all is still save the dashing
 billows as they roll unceasingly on.
POST AND WILLIS, Denier* in Drug*, Mcdi
 cine*. Ckainb, Dj« Staff*. Faint*. Varnish
 Oik. Glassware, Brushes, Perfhmrrj, Daperreoty p
 Stock, French and German Chemical*, Aitwi
 Color*. Bmle* mad Curan, E thread Oil, Gal
 Leaf and Foil, fee. fee.
 Brin* Agents for most of the celebrated Famil
 and vahmMe Patent Medicine*, and rictwhg «h
 name directly from the Manufacturer* or their Agent*
 they are enabled to supply all order* at whole w»l
 and retail, an the nv&lt;st favorable term*.
 Honaropathtr Book*, .Medicine*, ami Famil
 Caere, aith fall direction*. Only agents for West
 eni New York.
 A ho, Sherwood’* Vibratory Magnetic Machine*
 with directions.
 Pbo*3&gt; nr Ga»; also Ethrria! Oil and Lamps, fo
 horning tor Sana-. Those who would consult ecu
 ntimy aa l convenience are invited to examine the*
 latmp*. Tin* attention of Country Merchants, Ph*
 xirtan*. Families, and others, wishing good* in th
 al*&gt;ye line, is requested at the APOTHECARIES
 HALL, 4, Excluuige Street.
 FIR AND SILk HITS.
 Farrington price, manufacturer m
 dealer in Fur and Sdk Hats, Cloth ami Fu
 I Cap?, Ladies’ Furs and Ti huntings, Buffalo Rohr;
 and au IouMDN-iit of Hat Cases, I’nibrellas, fee.
 fee. fee.. No. 2, St. Paul Street, .Minerva Block.
 (0~ A usual supply of Buckskin Glotcs am
 .Mittens
 OWEN MORRIS’ CITY BINDERY
 ti* !»l» K R TH r Ml7Sl.lV—late FISHER MORRIS.
 MR. MORRIS was in the employ of Mr. Mar cm
 Morse for seven years, ami during that tiim
 procured for hitn tlnee Silver Medals, for the bes
 specimen* of Book Binding, exhibited at tiie Me
 chsuiic* r Fairs in-ld in this city ami Buffalo.
 Geotkineii i Libraries fitted up ami repaired
 Mh« ic Pap-r rulcii; .Music and Periodical* bourn
 and finished to any pattern. Blank Account Bock:
 executed at this establishment hate given iineqimllet
 satisfaction, by their durability ami elegance. Strie
 attention is always paid to the quality of paper used
 to render them equal to Ute best in the United Stbtei
 or those imported.
 Ladies’ Scrap and Guard Books, Albums am
 Portfolios, in ail tlieir varieties, manufactured t(
 order in tin- best style.
 Banks, Institutions, Societies, fee., may bt
 assured of work being done on Lite most advantngeou:
 terms.
 Gentlemen residing at a distance, by packing am
 forwarding volumes to the above direction*, statinf
 price ami style, may rely upon their lieing well bourn
 on the most favorable terms, also carefully am
 punctually returned.
 N.B. The proprietor has spared no expense it
 fitting up tlie establishment, and introducing inti
 Western New York the latest improvement* ii
 Book Binding.
 OWEN MORRIS,
 City Bindery, under the Museum.
BOSTO.V AIHKimSKMKMS.
ULiAK K U
 LONDON EDITION —V ITII PORTRAIT.
 4 FEW copies of LARK!*ON*S
 i\ OF THE ABOLITION OF THE SLAM
 TRADE, with prefab ry remarks on the eul sequel)
 alx litii n of Slavery, a beautiful London edition
 with a tine Portrait of the Auth&lt; r, done on steel,
 Ik ok which amid not he impel te l for loss than tlnci
 dollars, can be had at 21, Couth ill, if ap plied lb
 imme iatelv, at the verv I w pi ice of Our. Dollar
 cash. Also, El LOO 1 I'M ON CLARKSON,L
 Am.XASUf.R ('nni.tiiLL, at the rednced price ci
 twelve ami a half rents.
 ROBERT MORRIS, Jf., Attorney and Coun
 1 seller at Law, Brazen’s Building, State Street
 MACON B. ALLEN, Attorney and Counsellor
 at Law, Massachusetts B.l&lt; ck.
 i
 BOYS’ CLOTHING.
 SAMCEI. WILSON, 10, Bmtt'c Street, havin
 made tecent additions to his stork, is prepared l
 j furnish BOVS’ CLOTHING, of a* good mater i;
 ami tit, and at as cheap) prices, as can lx- obtained i
 the city.
 I NEW ENGLAND SECOND HAND
 CLOTHING STORE,
 No. 58, Union Stfte e t Boston.
 JOHN WRIGHT keeps constantly on hand
 great variety of New and Second Hand Clothing
 floods of nil kinds, such as old clothes, \V. L wood?
 W atrltes, Boots and Shoes, &amp;f., exchanged for ret
 clothing. Cash advanced on all kinds of good*
 front one to one hundred doila: s.
 TOIIN 1). RF.VAI.EON, Hair Cutting Saloon
 tl and Perfumery Emporium, 114, Blackstone-st.
 NEW BOOKS.
 FOR SALE ;it the Anti-Slavery Depository, 21
 Cortihill —i am. ly,
 Ihe Lihcitv Bo 1i ,r 1848. A few copies remain.
 Life ol W illiam W. Brown, 2d E lilion, with addi
 tional matter and new engravings. Price, bound
 37£ rts; in paper covers, 25 i ts.
 51i. Sliarklind’s Appeal in regard to the War will
 Mexico, I'2j rts.
 Position and Duties of the North, with regard U
 Slavery By Andrew I’. Peabody. 5 rts.
 Six Months at Graefeuberg. By lieiirv C. Wright
 s■l,oo.
 Dick Crowningshiel l, the assassin, and Z.tchan
 j 'l'aylor, the Siddier; the DifTerrnee Ltweei
 them. By Henry C. Wright. 3 cts. single; 2."
 i cts. per dozen.
 rFHOMAS P. SMITH, No. 38, Brattle Street
 A sign ot the Golden Ball. New and Seeonc
 iiand Clothing Store.
 ISAAC If. SNOW DEN’, Book, Newspaper, and
 A Fancy Job Printer, 1L ater Street.
 (Xu AU orders promptly attended to, and neatly
 executed.
 The Massachusetts Quarterly lie view.
 tIOMMENCEO on the first of Decetnlter, 1847,
 to lie continued od the Ist of March, June, and
 ami September. It will Ite devoted to tiie interest
 of no party or class, but its conductors will endea
 vor to present an often and fair field for the notice
 ami discussion of matters pertaining to Philosophy,
 Politics, Literature, Religion, ami Humanity.
 The Review will be conducted by K. Enter*
 sou, Tlteodote Parker, anil J. Elliot Cabot, assisted
 by several other gentlemen.
 Each ountlter will contain about 125 pages, at the
 price of £3 a year, in advance.
 Communications, subscriptions, &amp;c. should be
 addressed to the PuLhslx-rs,
 C'OOLIIXjE k WILI-.V,
 12, Water Street, Boston.
,\EH lOltk AIH EKIIiLWEM'S.
FREE PRODUCE STORE.
 V E\\ (iOODS ju»t recived. General reduction
 i in pin-ex.
 l ine 4-4 Print*, varinu* rtslex.
 •New style* ol I'riiil* ol uao.iuiu quality, ti*ua] width.
 Fine anil wine Paper Muslin*. A!*o Coloied
 Cambric*.
 Cut tain Calico. Superior line Chintz L uiLrt lia*.
 Oil CL.tiu.
 Satinet*, good anti cheap. Alv) on hand, mostly at
 redweeu piice*, Gingham*, vaiiou* qualities and
 style*.
 Fine and heavy Shirting, Sheeting', and Pillow
 Mudiai.
 Suijeu Cam! rice. Fine €-4 Plaid Mealin.
 M'.zhu he Laine, plain ami neatly figure all wool.
 Linen*, wait anted tiee Iran cvtluo.
 k iauisci* 4-4 good and pi tee low. Canton flannel*,
 white ami colored.
 TaLie Linq r ami Cl.aim, of different *»ylr».
 Apron am. Fin uititie Check. Cotton ll*Mikerctiief«.
 Cott.in twilled Pantaloon Siu'l*. AU Linen
 Hi tiling, |tr.
 la&gt;ui' ana half llcee, Cue and heavy.
 Knitting Cotton, vat ious ,\c*., bleached, brown,and
 colored.
 adding, white and ruliml Cotton Lap*. A two,
 Refined l&gt;t»f, Climbed, and Pultei ized Sugar.
 Biowa Sugar, gtml quality, of uriuui grace*.
 I he while &lt;tock ncltai«ei) Free Ld-or Good*,
 to which the Suteniber wontl inri'e tlie attention
 of conutiy twncheuiU, a* wed aa hi* friend* and the
 public generally.
 Much pain* i* taken by the Manager* of the Free
 Prm.uce A«*o&lt; ration, to aeamt tlie SnUrriLer U&gt; en
 brge the a*eoiUueM (torn tnue to tiww.
 GLOKGC VV. TAVLOR. i
 Northwest corner Fifth and Cherry-*U.
 Plribdet|,bia Id mo. l*t, IS4B. tf
 JUST PUBLISHED, and Car *ale at the uftr« ufj
 of tie Anti Slavery Standard—
 j The Legum of Unity, and Force of Troth, 10th
 ed nanu
 ThU work contaiae about 230 page* of eluaa
 i reading; 3UO eminent authorities, and about nUj
 j ilhMirative engraving*. Price 37J eta. in mwli*,
 and 2ft cento m f aper rover*, A very litirral 4b.!
 roout t&gt;» thou aho pmdMaa a nuadwr U copma.
 The Condition, lithuener. Right*, aad Appeal of
 Wimw.friu various author*. 12| n* la. t
 Latter to the People if the l aitad Statha* toHchaeg
 I the Matter of Slavery. By Thwmhec Packer
 pp. 130. Price IM| rmu.
 j Wm- W. Brown’s Lecture bef *n the F«n|e A. It
 j Society of Salem, Mam. Reported by H. M.
 Parfchurst, Bytwu —pp. 23. Price 0 cent*.
PHILIP A. WHITE, corner of Fr^|.
 fc*l and Gold Street.
WILLIAM 8. POWELL, SaiW’. Home, ff
 Cherry Street.
 DR i. MCCNE SMITH, 93, W«, Urmd
 way.
JLVNINGS. Surgeon-Dentist, 186, .North
 X Broadway.
 TOSEPH C. HoV.LT7iM~.MI Shoe*^.
 J*w‘ V’ Brooklyn.
 5.F. II- pairing neatly executed at the shortest
 mrtiee and on the most reuwnble term*.
W M Merrh n Tailor, 646 Broad
 war. Also an extensive assortment of Cravats,
 fetotL, Howry, Gloves, Jtc.
 Albany, Feb. 11, 1848.
GENTEEL BOARDIX; IIOI’SF
 /~MI ARJ.ES HIGHGATF.. wonld respect* »v
 V y.irni hi* friend* ami Utc pol.iic, lUttnr -Tnati
 to devote every attention to those pk and to hirer
 In* home” with a rail. The house pleasant lv
 lomtnl at 632 Broadway, ALany.
 Feb. 18, 1848.
IinLLIAM RICH, Hair Dressing and Bathing
 r r Saloon, Troy House, Troy, New York.
 WILLIAM n. LOG AX. Healer in Fashionable
 Hoot* and Shoe*, 80, Purchase Sum,
 Bedford.
 W. B. L. keeps constantly on hand a good at sort*
 metil, and will sell cheap for cash. Strict attention*
 paid to custom-made work, by Messrs. Parker and
 Davis
ASIIIXGTO.VS !&gt;agurnian Gallrry, 136,
 _ .Alain Street, Kellogg’s Puddings, llirtfwd,
 Connecticut.
i\OKIHAMPTOMVATER CWRE.-
 Fkolrifity nnJ Hydropathy.
 THF. jiiiUk w« ir*j:M '9lly inlutiiMl, thil tine#
 1 tin- pint, iny local deductions of the learned Dr-
 Mf»nj, of Enrnn C&lt; Hr ce. (la., and the scientific
 experiments cf Mr. Hemmer of England,* have
 recently anti indubitably established the fact, that
 the cunclush.nji at which the undersigned arrived he
 tlie sense of much. in 1844, are in harmony will*
 nattual ami physioli cital laws—to wit, that Hie
 human body, in a healthy condition, it in a posit nr
 rleitnral tti.tr, and that the rleetriral emanation*
 from the reticular ruifare, indicate health, or the
 sympti m* aad rl ararter of diseasr—rheie i* a* me
 reason to hope, that reitain physicians, ignorant of
 thc*e principles or nataial law*, a knowledge of
 which is essential to the safe and intelligent practice
 of the healing *rf, will een.-e their voeiletalien*
 ngainst the rosiTiir i.kctkicai. state of the
 lonian Indy, and v\ ill hesitate to dissuade these
 w hr m they Imre failed to n Ii« *e of their mni| laint*,
 fioni ret kieg natnie’s teirccj at tie NnitiniMr.
 ton at»K (tm. 'llls ii faired by the light
 of science, the undersigned n 5 e .prrw.iifrd here
 to i* |«Ht Ins expel ienre, lhai. in all rases a here the
 n i ist, st&lt; mat h, cr lin gs, ai m!U i It«lie-negative
 ci n&lt; it it rr, tie patient is Icy. i.d the pi nrr t&gt;f water
 to atiiird relief. On the mini land, when tin (art*
 of the body alluded t.&gt;, aie m tic rleftio-| nsitive
 state, however disartaigcd, tin re is guund to hep*
 for a tore.
 Ilad net the results cf past years’ practice
 aheady convinced the 11 1 lie if tie safety or truth
 j i t the iiieip les ly which the tmoersigned ie
 i governed, in t.elei tu g the Mii.p ti ms and rhaiartei.
 nt disease, and pi ail is mg tie nil e, the irrenl sc ten
 tific tlcnnmstialien of then enriectness, I y I ri tt'ssi r
 I Means awl Air. iJcu.tncr, coukj not tail to tvamue
 the must incredulous.
 (iiatctully app let iatir jr tl c credit so generotisfy
 awarded for his slim s* as a hyen puttiic Practi
 tioner, l y a discerning p el.lic, anti the gratitude
 evinced 1 y those w hem he has had the pleasure to
 relieve of their coni| hiints, the mu&gt;isigned will
 j assiduously endeavor to sustain the eret.il, and n et if
 j that gratitude, in the ease ol eveiy invalid who n ay
 afford him an op pm Unity to effect a cure, l y hi*
 !oi iginal anti lull&gt;&lt; p I:it al methoti of p lactire.
 b j Ihe Aimthamp lon A\ afer (meis p It nranflv situ—
 fJj a ted near Ben.-onville, in the west lank t.f Inching
 Water, or Mill River, about two and a half mile*
 u j from the erotic? of the town. It is conveniently
 arranged, with separate paih is, lathing and
 ing-idonis, for Ladies anti (ieutltmen, wcA ventil
 ated and conveniently furnished lodging rooms, ant)
 a variety of baths, supplied with water, which, for
 abundanee, p:mify, anti a&lt; ap leilnesti to water-cure
 I "ip. sis, is inisiiipassed by that of any ether esta
 hlieliHient in this country. The scenery in thi*
 vicinity is picturesque and romantic. ‘J heieaiea
 i variety of pleasant walks, sufliciciitly h tiled, tv
 allow water-cure patient* to ap pear ns they should,
 plainly dressed, enjoying their niniblts without
 being exposed to public ga/e or observation.
 Among the roniplairits which an- lure «ucer*»rullv
 1 m ated, are headache, tendency of blood to the head*,
 cojd extremities, general and nervous debility, bror
 j rhitis, pulmonary affection, liver romplaint, jaun
 dice, acute or chronic inflammation of tlie U&gt;wels,
 I'iles, dysp cp s:n, genual di hilitv, nervous and spinal
 al.ertions, inflammatory ami ehionic rheumatism,
 neuralgia, sciatica, lame limbs, piaralvsis, fevers, salt
 rheum, scrofulous and erysipelas liun.ni*.
 All patient* who visi’t thi.-* establishment for a
 course of treatment, slioukl furnish tliemselves with
 tim e comfortables, three woollen blankets, one or
 two linen ami three cotton sheets, two pillow cases,
 six or eight crash towels, some well worn linen, to
 cm for fomentations, an old cloak or mantle, an um
 brella, and a pair of slippers.
 Term* for treatment and board are $5 50 to
 !?8 jit |;ei wetk, p ayable weekly— washing extra.
 A patient who from choice or the character of fris
 'j complaint, »crop ie* a room alone on the third floor,
 w ill pay *8 Of) per week—on the first and second
 j doors, 8 ~At per wrrk. I’atients requiring extra
 attention or lire in their rooms, (except for swath
 purpose.*,) will faranh their own nurses ami fuel,
 j or pay an extra price.
 D. HIGGLES.
 SSartnamptnn March IMS.
 Ai.R. Visitors to the Establishment, frrm tl*
 i 7! sf S*». l or ran take the csresf the Corn.
 j Kim Railroad at Hpringfield, Carriage*! will
 i alw ava-be in readiness at the Northampton derot, t*
 Convey them hither.
 The human blood, in a nortraf and Itealfk/ cwit
 diti.m of the liiunnn system, is in a slate,
 I which is constantly maintained by the activity of th*
 generating suurit within—an cxrcsj.generally pti»»
 ing olf in silence ln.ni the ruticular surface, so that
 out of :Jsti experinmuts made by Mr. llenuner of
 England, upon tlu; uncovered skin,” 322 indicated
 th« prest nee of positive electricity, 'iliis sm-|'lusage
 ol tile limd upon tlw surface, we lielieve to la: iiwiis
 |ien.*iil le to the ia altiilul condition of the whole
 animal economy, and that wtu-n, from any cause it
 ee diminished «&gt;r ceases, diseased action ensues.’*
 Geoaddrvss, delivered before the .Medical L'olleoe of
 nt the opening of if* annual session Nov
 l 47 h Mean*, A M.. M. 1)., I'rofrssor *f
 lieimstiy and 1 harmary.aml Professor of I'hyxicsJ
 S&lt; i*nce in Emory College, Ga,, 43, £5.
ATHOL WATER Cl RE.
 X of liivalnJn, especially flu:-.* wiffrrio* from,
 rhron.c d.scam, to hi* hydropatt.se e.taUi.lnient in.
 Alriol,
 HU I.OU-T *na opened f„ r ffM w pfkn ((ffnirU nM
 sukl It believed ofrit excellent fecilU
 nr. for aphilMophtc H through 4 Ulh&gt;fW
 atlry. Ihe supply of water abundant, ami in
 l &gt;unt "“V*?* r,, »"U«»&lt;ed «,.i.d to water on a.
 iiijtt.i r.i iu&gt; location i. (jiiilr eligible, l-ciriir lint
 *f* &lt;i "'*»nre from tie V. &amp;&gt;1 milr.ad. 'lhe
 'trinity ain sun*.* in a variety of irrm ry, Md I .a*
 charming ground* lor walk* and rumble*. So that
 with the natrr, suitable regimen, m.itinuin air, ami
 exercise, patient* can aeairely fad to obtain the
 i healthful result* for which tire* ul»&lt;r.
 ll* f.lloti mjf raw illuslian* llii* rrmaik. Mr*.
 8., wife of l&gt;ca. It,, of Warwick, Mmr., aged
 ahout thirty-five yean, wag lirnugist to me
 August, lirr r.** rewNiteil it* lolluw inj pheoo
 itisria. If placed in an erect position, and left tm.
 ••Pfmrted, »he hatbnilii 101 l backward to |Jm
 ground. If being well »u[ jetted, ,he
 effort Ui walk, either had, when carried t»twa#«l
 despite her ctioit. to da* contrary, won Id rtora tl*
 otla-r. She bad been in tlu» con.iittn H r«aiK a
 year. Her t eatm-nit rornraenred the 16th of Kent
 and was cooliuwrd to the 2Uh Oct.
 left. a», far recovered a. to be able Calk hall a
 mile w «th ease. Since her return tn her familv .he
 has CowUmtfd her balha. with coetwapumW’
 I&lt;mvimeat to her health. She nowULmbTu, her
 dr.mcMK duties, m*J with the av.i.tance of a .mall
 girl, dues the w&lt;wk of her family.
 Patient* are .Wed to Uiue ihree comfortable*,
 parr of woollen blanket*? one pair of .heeftl
 i t^!L* s 4 01r k *«rrked, wtth old linen lor
 r 7^‘- rro »o «*n dollar, per week, accord.
 2** Drrei r ,t choice of the aalienl*.
 I ho#e who an tree particular in the sc JrrlK&gt;u of
 Jlfcal. Marth, IS4B. GEO ROE HOTT.
 THE DELAWARE ABOLITIONIST.
 AW** «f the ftbove mm will he pohlohed la
 Wilmington, by the Delaware Arti-Hhmj
 Jhreietv, It will be edited by a CunnutfU-e, and will
 t* (MUiaUd &lt;m a half tnrdim sheet. «t twenty -fiv«
 pr Jwar, er far twenty 4*m aiuwhan.
 tbteted to eiaai* ipeuua in Lfelhwap*, and ai ad*
 vocatr it* accoauilidunrul by ai! lawful bwwmo It
 will he published semiHuonihly. if rnewna at* tf&lt;
 f—hil, or aa often aa the mtmm mm he abtakacd.
 ID AMES B. BROOKE.
 Publishing AgnN*
