FREDERICK DOUGLASS, i
 H R. DELA.NY, Eoiroas.
VOL. I. NO. 29.
The NORTH STAR in pefcltsbeJ mn
 FrM«r, at No. U, Hatfalo Street,
 {Oppsmte the Artnds.)
 TERMS.
 Two &lt;k&gt;(Un per annum, a/wr tn advance. Nt
 avibnciipUoa will he received for tenn
 Advertieemeau wot enceedinf tea I" 1 ineerted
 three ti:ae* lx one dollar; every •ulwquenl inert’
 tine, twenty-five cent*.
 T«B object of the Nosth Stas will be to attack
 Slavery in ail it* form, a«d ae»wct.; advocate
 UetVEBfAL EMASCiVATioa; eaall the .tandard
 of Poblic Morality; promoßß the moral and in
 aeleeteal impcove nent of the Goto*ED Peovl*;
 and ha,tea the day of FREEDOM to the Thau
 Milliojh of our Emlayid Fellow Coca-
 TEVMEE.
 PUBLISHER’S NOTICES.
 OO* AU cooiißunkatiooß rehuine to the bustnest
 matter* of the paper, name* of •übeiTiber*. rcmit
 taaces, fcr., ehouJd be a&lt;l&lt;lre*#ed to io»m Dick,
 I'ibliihtft
 ffy- Agent*, and all other* sending name*, are
 enuested to he accurate, and give the p X Oft ct,
 he County, and the State. Each Salwcnlier i* im-
 cretlited fur money received.
 Any person aemlmg in the payment for four
 ealwcrilier*, to he forwanled to one addrese, may
 hare a fifth copy for one year.
 fcf- All letter, and c&lt;Mß.BUitieationa mu*t be po*t
 paid.
 LIST OF AGENTS.
 Ma«»achc*»tts. —R. F. Walciitt,2l, Coruhill,
 Boiton; Nathan Job iwon, New Bedford; Horatio W.
 Forter, Lowell; J;»mc* N. B.iffum, Lynn; George
 Evan*, Worceiter IWiw Spooner, Fiviuonth;
 Charle* 11. Seth, Springfield Dand Ruggle*,
 Northampton; H. Carpenter, l pton.
 Mamr.. —Oliver Dennett, Portland.
 Vtnvo.lT. —Rowland T. Robimon, North Fer-
 Co.v*ecticdt.—'Jonathan Leonard, New Haven
 Nevv If a nr shi re.— Weare Tappan, Bra Iford.
 New VoaK.—Svlnev H. Gay, 142, Nassau
 Street; James M Cuae Smith, 93, West Broadway;
 Joseph Post, Wctbnry, Queen Countv Mary Har
 ftr, Albany; Elia* Duty, Macedon; \Villett« Kecie,
 era, Cliatoii County; William S. Baltimore, Trov;
 5 P. Platt, Penn Van; J. Jeffrey, Geneva; E. L.
 Platt, Bath.
 Rhode lilavu.— Amaranev Pain*, Proviilcnce.
 Pe vksvlv asi a.— J. M. M’Kim, 3l North Fifth
 Street, Philadelphia; G. W. Goine*, 8, Exrliange
 Plara, Ditto; H. Vaabon, B. Bowo, Piitslmrg;
 WtKaa* Whip|«er, Cotumhia; I*aar. R J&lt;erU, Jacob
 l*. Paxot, Norri«town, Montgomery County, Milo
 A. Townaewd, New Brighton.
 Ohio.—Christian Donaldson, Cincinnati; G. W.
 Carter, Ditto; Valentine Nicholson, Harveyrfmrgh,
 Warren County; Samuel Bcoolte, Salem.
 Michigan.—Roliert Banks, Detroit.
 Indiana. —Joel P. Davis, Economy, Wayne Co.
Selections.
DOINGS IN MARYLAND.
 The C'winlim of Stephen Redden for Raxixnmg Anti-
 Slaver y Publication*—The Penalty—Hi* Heath
 by Suicide The Slave Traffic Abandoned by Hope
 SI at ter Probable Cause of the Step—The
 Methodist Episcopal Church and Slavery—Presby
 ttnam ditto—General Reflections, fe,
 Correspondence of the Tribune.
 Baltimore, June 20, 1848.
 I observe that you state, on t*.ie au
 thority of the Baltimore Sun, |he fact
 of the recent conviction, in Somerset
 County, of the free colored man Ste
 phen Redden, on the charge of hav
 ing in his possession certain pictures of
 an abolition character, contrary to the
 act in such cases,” and express the re
 gret that the nature of the penalty was
 not stated. Observing a similar call for
 light in other Northern papers, I have
 thought it well to answer your questions
 in order that, if there be yet in the
 Free States a single man who is really
 uninformed of the true character of the
 Slavery-protecting laws of the land of
 Calvert, (“tolerant Calvert,”) he may
 not be left in ignorance on the subject
 any longer—perhaps to the pleading
 of that ignorance hereafter, as an ex
 cuse for not having thrown his voice
 and his vote against the further exten
 sion of the prolific root of all such op
 pressive laws!
 The law under which Redden was
 convicted was, doubtless, that passed in
 1835, as a supplement to a previous
 law on the same subject, which was
 enacted in 1831, but not found suffi
 cient in its provisions and penalties.—
 It has several sections, one of which
 relates to the publishing of forbidden
 matter—intended to overawe the free
 dom of the press! The section relating
 to the circulation of incendiary mat
 ter,” reads as follows;
 Be it enacted by the General As
 sembly of Maryland, That, after the
 passage of this act, it shall be deemed
 a high offence against the Supremacy
 of this State, for any person knowingly
 to circulate, or in any way knowingly
 to assist in circulating, among the in
 habitants thereof, any pictorial repre
 sentation, or any pamphlet, newspaper,
 feaolMU or other paper,printed or writ
 lea, of sr tefiaminatory character, hav
 ing a tendency to create discontent
 among, and stir up to insurrection, the
 people of color of this State, and that
 every person that shall be duly con
 victed of this offctt.ee, ahull be guilty of
 felony, and shall be seiiteneed to un
 dergo a confinement in the Peniteatiary
 of this State, for a period of time not
 less than 10, nor more than 20 years,
 from the time of sentence on such of
 fender.”
 L&gt;o you ask me whether this enact
 ment is not a dead letter” on the
 Statute book of Maryland, sq as to ren
 4«r the conviction of Redden a mere
 Pf?*’. trough for the purpose of
 intirmdqtion? 1 answer, No! Such
 cruel farces »re, I know, sometimes
 enacted m our houthern Courts, as in
 fbe memorable case of Brown,who was
 seateuoed to death by Judge O’Neil,
 under the laws of South Carolina, for
 •piritmg away his betrothed, but our
 )«w ts reality. But recently our new
 Democratic Governor reprieved a col
 ored man, who had been confined in the
 Penitentiary for nine of the “ten years”
 provided in the above law, as the mini
 mum penalty for this felony." j nm
 for to the ew« of Sherry Wilson .which
 the readers of that valuable melange
 the Liberty Hell,” will remember to
 tare read, M described by Caroline
 Healy Dale in words of touching pa
 thos. It is true that the indulgent
 treatment poor
THE NORTH STAR.
during those long nine years, placed as
 he was in the capacity of gardener in
 summer and boot-black in winter—a
 general favorite of the officials did he,
 indeed, become —indicated more plainly
 than words could have done, that those
 who daily looked upon his venerable
 form, felt that he was guilty of no crime
 and deserved no punishment, and that
 the law ought to be a dead letter; but
 still he remained in that gloomy prison
 I for thoee long and weary years, an ex
 i ile from home and family, in obedience
 to this same law, unwarrantably cruel
 as it will seem to those who read its
 provisions for the first time.
 No! it is not a dead letter; and,
 doubtless, had not the present victim ol
 this law, in the spirit of Roman chival
 ry, preferred death to imprisonment,
 Stephen Redden would, ere this, have
 taken Sherry Wilson’s place. For, be
 1 it known, that like the slaves in Ken
 tucky, whose tragic end is now thrill
 ing the minds of Uiousands of humane
 readers wherever the newspapers have
 dared to give them the facts, Stephen
 has chosen to die by his own hand!
 I never have been able to justify the
 act of suicide, and I have been of the
 impress! hi that it could not well be the
 promptings of a sane mind; but if there
 is an exception to be allowed, it seems to
 me that exception is furnished in such
 a case as this. If there was meaning,
 beyond the mere sound of a rhetorical
 imprecation, in the exclamation of
 Patrick Henry, Give ine Liberty, or
 give ine Death! then we cannot help
 sympathizing w r ith a poor, frieudless
 individual, of a downtrodden race, ar
 raigned in a slaveholding community,
 before a slaveholding judge and a slave
 holding jury, without money to employ
 counsel, and convicted under laws of
 1 which he was in all probability totally
 ignorant, as was Sherry Wilson, and
 whose penalties his imagination might
 well be expected to exaggerate into
 worse than a scaffold death—ay, even
 in that act of suicide which has hurried
 his soul into the presence of its God!—
 An anti-slavery writer has well and
 forcibly remarked, that slavery is
 an anomaly,.that one cannot subject it
 to rules of right and wrong applicable
 to most other subjects of human in
 quiry. Thousands of facts in the ter
 rific history of this, our national crime,
 have illustrated the thought and stamped
 it true.
 While I have my pen in hand, I will
 give your readers another piece of
 news, which may serve to relieve the
 giooui of the narrative just given. It j
 had been for some weeks rumored that!
 our prince of slavedealers, Hope Hull!
 Blatter, had abandoned the accursed
 traffic, and closed up histolave prison.
 Although a friend of mine, doing busi
 ness nearly opposite to the establish
 ment, told me that he had the fact from
 Slatter’s own lips, it was such cheering
 news as to stagger my credulity—too
 good to be believed. But, when at the
 prison of one of his competitors,
 Campbell Co., (where, let me say in
 a satisfactory parenthesis, I went to re
 ceive into freedom Ellen Stewart, slave
 of Mrs. Madison—one of the Pearl fu
 gitives,) 1 was assured that there was
 no mistake about the truth of the ru
 mor. It seems the lot from the Pearl,
 over which Rev. Henry Slicer struck
 hands in such clerical complaisance,
 according to the graphic description of
 Hon. Mr. Siingerland, was about the
 last that Slatter had the heart to buy.
 Whether the scathing denunciations of
 him and his tnffic, quoted by Mr. Sli
 cer in his lame attempt at a defence,
 were instr umental in converting Slatter,
 I am unable to say; but certainly the
 publication of them in the body of Mr.
 Slicer’s letter in the Clipper, was at
 least one help to the cause of truth—
 albeit, the Reverend gentlemen was far
 front intending it to have any such
 goodly effect.
 By the by, I observe that some of
 the Northern papers—the Anti-Slavery
 Standard am ng them—still speak cf
 Slatter as a member of the Methodist
 Episcopal Church. This is certainly,
 not the fact. So far, he is only a pew-&lt;
 holder, (iu the Pew Church,” built &amp;i
 year or two ago by the Methodist elile,)
 his wife being a member, I believe.—
 However, it is not improbable that he
 will be a member before long, should
 he continue in his penitent state. My
 friend above mentioned understood him l
 to say that he would join the church, if
 they would receive him. Why not re
 ceive him? Mr. Slatter, aside from his
 disreputable business, is a man whose
 qualities could not fail to make him a i
 useful member. Indeed, so different in
 physical and intellectual conformation
 —so far as one can judge without inti
 mate acquaintance —is he from most oi
 the men who have stood forth as human
 flesh-mongers, that the surprise ha«
 always been that he has continued sot
 long in the business! But, apart from
 these considerations, surely a slave
 dealer out of the business is as worthy
 to beeorne a church member as a slave
 holder in his position; and it is well
 known that there are thousands of
 slaveholders in the Methodist Episco
 pal Church! I see no reason, there
 fore, w r hy Mr. Slatter should not be re
 ceived with open arms the moment he
 gives reasonable evidence that be has
 resolved to sio no more. If a prece
 dent were wanting, it might easily be
 found in the case of Mr. Parsons, of
 this city, who, becoming convinced of
 the sinfoiness of the same traffic, aban
 doned it, tore down his slave-prison,
 built dwellings with the materials, and
 joined the church!
 By the by, teeing that the General
 Conference, during its recent session in
 Pittsburgh, restored the good old Wes
 leyan rale respecting the exclusion of
 rumsellers from the church, would it
 not have been wise mad more ooaaiat
 -1 fo fcw jfUjrged to ikfi Wpsbyaa
RIGHT IS OF NO SEX—TRUTH IS OF NO COLOR—GOD IS THE FATHER OF US afJ-, AND ALL WE are BRETHREN.
platform with respect to slaveholders
 also? Alas! how has the glory of early
 Methodism departed! No longer do
 we hear slavery denounced in the lan
 guage of scathing rebuke which he
 habituelly used; but, on the contrary,
 we behold the lamentsble spectacle of
 a division of tbe church preferred to
 the giving up of this darling sin, and
 one half thereof seemingly taking the
 ground of the Calhoun school, as if
 slavery were the only sure foundation
 of Christianity as well as of Republi
 canism But 1 do not wish to be un
 derstood as singling out the Methodist
 Church as alone guilty in this respect.
 The Presbyterian Church—the Church
 of my fathers—has indicated afresh,
 through her General Assembly recently
 convened in this city, that she is given
 over to the same unrighteousness.
 Never was more special pains taken by
 any body of Christians to keep the
 subject of slavery out of the discussions
 than by that same body—first, by plac
 ing Rev. Dr. Thornweli, of Charleston,
 S. C., at the head of the business com
 mittee, (the “Committee on Over
 tures,” 1 believe it is called); and, sec
 ondly, by the maneuvering of the
 stated clerk, who appeared to be a
 “Northern man with Southern princi
 ples,” selected with special reference
 to his qualifications for the work! Ev
 ery avenue whereby the question might
 by any possibility find an entrance, was
 guarded by Cerberus-like care —so
 much so, that the word Slavery
 would probably not have been found on
 the minutes, had it not been for Rev.
 Mr. Finney, a quite young man from
 New Philadelphia, Ohio, and some
 two or three other noble spirits who
 had the nerve to join with him in a pro
 test against the exclusion of the usual
 epistle from the Irish Church! This
 was not all. The Assembly even re
 sorted to the expedient of puffing the
 African Colonization scheme, as such
 —a plan of quasi Anti-slavery which
 just serves to quiet the consciences ol
 thousands whose moral feelings have
 been touched by the living truths of re
 form! Oh! the immense—the irre-
 I sistihle power of the Churches of this
 land, if they would only consent to bear
 the Cross in their hearts and lives, in
 stead of upon their steeples and on
 their lips in forms of outward praise and
 prayer!
 But I must stop, having extended this
 letter to a length far beyond what I
 designed—led on as I have been by a
 class of facts and feelings that ever
 rush to my pen and clamor for utter
 ance the moment I touch the theme of
 my country’s giant curse and sin.
 J. E. S.
 FREE ROIL CONVENTION AT
 WORCESTER,
 The following resolutions, among
 others, were reported by the Coinmitee
 and adopted.
 Whereas, The Whigs of Massachu
 setts, in their Convention of the 29th of
 September, 1847, unanimously adopted
 among other resolutions, the following:
 Resolved, That if the war shall be
 prosecuted to the final subjugation or
 dismemberment of Mexico, the Whigs
 of Massachusetts now declare, and put
 this declaration of their purpose on re
 cord—that Massachusetts will never
 consent that American territory, how
 ever acquired, shall become a part of
 the American Union, unless on the un
 alterable condition that, there shall
 be neither slavery nor involuntary ser
 vitude therein, otherwise than in the
 punishment of crime.”
 Resolved, That in making this de
 claration of her purpose, Massachusetts
 announces no new principle of action
 in regard to her sister States, and
 makes no new application of principles
 already acknowledged. She merely
 states the great American principle
 embodied in our Declaration of Inde
 pendence—the political equality qf per
 sons in the civil State—the principles
 adopted in the legislation of the States
 under the confederation—and sanction
 ed by the Constitution—in the admis
 sion of all the new States formed from
 the only territory belonging to the
 Union at the adoption of the Constitu
 tion. It is in short the imperishable
 principle set forth in the ever momora
 ble Ordinance of 1787, which has for
 more than half a century been the fun
 damental law of human liberty to the
 great valleys of the lakes, the Ohio and
 the Mississippi, with what brilliant suc
 cess and with what unparalleled results
 let the great growing States of Ohio,
 Indiana and Illinois, Michigan and
 Wisconsin, answer and declare.
 And Whereas, a portion of the
 Whigs have since that time nominated
 Candidates for the Presidency and
 Vice Presidency, without paying the
 Smallest regard to the principles herein
 declared, and even ventured to stifle
 the discussion of the same in their Na
 tional Convention—
 Resolved, That we, tbe People of
 Massachusetts, re-affirm the said de
 claration as tbe voice of the Common
 wealth, and whoever else may desert
 or betray, we will inflexibly adhere to
 the principles of freedom therein de
 clared as the ark of our political salva
 tion.
 Resolved, That, we, the people of
 Massachusetts, wsHl support no men as
 candidates for the offices of President
 and Vice President, but those who are
 known by their acts or declared opin
 ions to be opposed to the extension of
 Slavery.
 Resolved, That the power to prohib
 it the introduction of Slavery into the
 territories of the United States in dear
 ly delegated to Congress by the Con
 stitution; and that the highest consid
 erations of patriotism, the Wrongest
 sentiments of justice and humanity, nod
 a proper respect for tfe* enKfbtcaed
ROCHESTER, N. Y., FRIDAY, JULY 14, 1848.
opinion of mankind, require that this
 power should be exercised in favor ol
 freedom.
 Resolved, That in view of the im
 portance and necessity of a full discus
 sion of the greet question of the dsy,
 we recommend to oer friends through
 out the State, the establishment in eve
 ry town and school district, of Freedom
 Leagues for tbe dissemination of Free
 principles, and of a like central league
 for the County, for the dissemination
 of sound opinions on these subjects by
 personal discussion and cheap publica
 tions.
 Resolved, That Massachusetts wears
 no chains, and spurns all bribes,—-that
 Massachusetts goes now, and will ever
 go, for free soil and free men, for free
 lips and a free press, for a free land
 and a free world.
 Resolved, That this Convention
 deems itself greatly honored by the
 presence of Joshua R. Giddings ol
 Ohio; and that it desires to express the
 universal conviction of the opponents
 of Slavery throughout the free States,
 that there is no man living by whom the
 great cause which they have at heart
 has been so effectually sustained, or to
 whom, at this critical moment, in view
 of all that can be required of ability,
 and discretion, and firmness, it can be
 more safely entrusted.
 Resolved. That this Convention re
 gards with deep interest the' position
 assumed by the Democratic party of
 the State of New York, as represented
 by the Convention recently held in
 Utica; that it applauds the earnestness
 and unanimity with which the principle
 of free territory has been incorporated
 into tbe basis of their organization; that
 it commends the wisdom and manliness
 which have been exhibited by Mr. Van
 Buren in his correspondence upon this
 subject; and that it anticipates the
 most satisfactory results from the effect
 of its proceedings upon all true Demo
 crats throughout the Free States, who
 are prepared to act together in prohib
 iting the extension of slavery.
 EXTRACT
 From the Address read to the People’s Convention at
 Worcester, by Hon. 8. C. Phillips.
 TO THE PEOPLE OF MASSACHUSETTS.
 Fellow* Citizens;
 The occasion on which we have
 assembled demands of us an appeal to
 the public sentiment of Massachusetts.
 The occasion, in all its aspects, is ex
 traordinary; and we cannot but feel
 that when you shall ponder, as we have
 done, with calmness, and under a high
 sense of responsibility, the duty which
 we all owe to the State and country,
 the purpose we „have formed will com
 mend itself to your judgment*, and that
 your hearts must respond to the motives
 by which we are actuated.
 This Convention, as is well known,
 was called by a small body of Whigs,
 acting without any formal organization,
 and relying upon the supposed state of
 public feeling to mould its character,
 and demonstrate its effectiveness. The
 call was addressed to all who should
 feel themselves interested in the de
 clared purpose of the Convention; and
 now that the day of meeting has ar
 rived, the Convention is found to be
 composed of many thousand citizens of
 Massachusetts, of all parties, who
 agree in the conclusion that they are
 not prepared, and that they cannot be
 persuaded to support Gen. Taylor or
 Gen. Cass as a candidate for the Presi
 dency.
 It is deemed an insuperable objection
 to the support of Gen. Cass, that, with
 his admitted qualifications in some re
 spects, he is still too much of a politi
 cian, and not enough of a man, to meet
 the crisis in which the country is in
 volved. Born and educated in New
 England, a pioneer in the settlement of
 the Western wilderness, and bound by
 all his habits and associatons to pre
 serve untainted the spirit of a free man,
 he has been prevailed upon to barter
 his birth-right for the Presidency; and
 he .stands before the nation, availing
 himself of the advantages of his posi
 tion as a candidate from the free States,
 that he may acquire the power of estab
 lisHing a policy which is designed to
 perpetuate the ascendancy of the slave
 States. Shame, we say, upon any pro
 fessed Democrat, who can thus prove
 himself insensible to the monstrous in
 compatibility between an adherence to
 Democratic principle* and the political
 support of slavery! Shame, we add,
 upon the candidate and the party, who
 are not only prepared to assent to the
 continuance of slavery in this professed
 Republic, and a bo do not think it
 hardship and disgrace enough to pledge
 their power to sustain it where it exists,
 but who also combine to make it a con
 dition of the coming election, that there
 shall be no opposition to the extension
 of slavery, so far as slaveholders may
 find it for their interests to extend it,
 into any free territory acquired or to be
 acquired by the Federal Government!
 Let us congratulate ourselves that re
 cent demonstrations, in New York and
 elsewhere, make it certain that the le
 gitimate anti-slavery tendency of De
 mocratic sentiments is beginning to be
 felt, avowed, end acted upon? and let
 us rejoice to be assured that there are
 already those amongst our Democratic
 fellow-catiseft* of Massachusetts who
 will henceforth emulate the firmest
 Whigs in resisting aft tbe polls the elec
 tion of any candidate from their ranks
 wbouu chief recommendation it is, that
 he is the champion or the dupe of the
 slave power.
 By the Whig* kero assembled it is
 felt to be u duty to protest against tbo
 priori sal act ol tbe Convention recent
 ly held in the name of tbe Whig party
 i Philadelphia. Upon u review of tbe
 j proceedings of that body, it as imposm
 l&amp;s mi to sss that Ibsjr a*s without a
precedent in the history of the part/,
 and that the/ involve alike an abandoo
 meot of its principles and usages, a
 disregard of the merits and services ol
 its well-known and long-trusted leaders,
 and the surrender to exterior dictation
 of all discretionary authority in the
 Convention to deliberate and act for
 itself. Abstaining from the perform
 ance of its manifest duty, by nominat
 ing as a candidate for the Presidency,
 some universally-recognized and ap
 proved Whig, that Convention has re
 sorted to the suicidal policy of endorsing
 a nomination previously made by or
 ganization's snd anomalous assem
 blages having no political sympathy
 with the Whig cause.
 Of the candidate thus adopted, it
 were, under ordinary circumstances,
 enough to state, in objecting to him,
 that he had explicitly refused to be con
 sidered an expooent of the doctrines
 of the Whig party and that he waa
 known to be unwilling to accept a Whig
 nomination on the only terms to which,
 in reference to any other candidate, the
 party would accede. But it is not, un
 der ordinary circumstances, or in con
 formity to an usual course of proceed
 ing, or solely for the sake of aiding the
 legitimate objects of the Whig party,
 that General Taylor has been enabled
 to attain the position, in which it is
 claimed for him, that he is entitled to
 their suffrages. So extraordinary a
 result has been of course brought about
 under extraordinary circumstances, by
 the use of extraordinary means, and
 for the promotion of an end which
 ought now to be considered and ex
 posed.
 There may be no foundation tor the
 suspicion that General Taylor has been
 unduly prompted by his military fame
 to aspire to the rewards of political
 ambition; although it is to suppose him
 exempt from human infirmity, not to
 regard him as in great danger of
 yielding to a temptation which has
 seldom failed to be irresistible. That
 none could have been more surprised
 than himself by the form and degree of
 the manifestations of public favor, of
 which he has been the object, is made
 apparent by his acknowledgments and
 conduct; and it is a compliment to his
 candor, which ought not to be with
 held, that he has made himself the high
 est authority for declaring his entire
 disqualification for the distinction which
 is sought for him.
 That the resort to Gen. Taylor as a
 candidate for the Presidency, was at
 first a movement which seemed scarcely
 to be seriously undertaken, all must
 remember and it is therefore import
 ant to review the succession of circum
 stances, which has gradually imparted
 to it alo many elements of. probable
 success.
 The leaders of the Whig party de
 termined, like their opponents, to risk
 the result of maintaining their organi
 zation. The hope was entertained for
 a while, that the obligations of the party
 to Henry Clay, and the public sympa
 thy which, in some striking modes, had
 been expressed in his behalf, might
 enable them once more to rally upon
 him as their candidate, without incurr
 ing the risk of the division that other
 wise seemed inevitable. It is a fact to
 be thought of, that but for the prospect
 of a union upon Mr. Clay, the Whig
 party must probably have been dissolved
 at the commencement of the canvass.
 No Northern Whig, acceptable to the
 North, has been named, of whom it is
 believed that the South would vote for;
 aud it has been all along understood
 and virtually conceded, and the whole
 action of the party has proceeded upon
 this assumption, that the North must
 accept a Southern candidate, and must i
 not even claim any other. With the
 approach of the time for holding a Con
 vention, the hope of succeeding with
 Mr. Clay, and even of uniting upon
 him, became visibly impaired. There
 was a want of confidence in his politi-;
 cal strength; he was a thrice-defeated
 candidate; he had not done enough for
 either party—as of course he could not
 do enough for both—to bring himself
 into full communion with the North or
 South upon the great question of the
 day; he seemed disposed to maintain j
 his old stand upon the ground of com
 promise, snd it failed from under him.
 He was still not without bis friends; for
 no man has been surrounded with
 wanner and truer ooea; but there
 were tboae who called themeelvea bis
 friends, who bad resolved to abandon
 him.
 It was in this emergency, that the yet
 tardy movement toward the support of
 Gen. Taylor began to acquire an in
 crease of interest. The hero bed re
 ceived the nomination of the Native
 American party, and bad aceefrted it.
 Some detached portions of the Democ
 racy bad tendered kirn ibeir support,
 and be had accepted it. Sundry meet
 ings of the people, almost exclusively
 in the shareholding States, bad agreed,
 to go for him, without distinction of
 party, and be bad approved their pur
 pose, and encouraged k. AU this bad
 been done, manifestly without sny ex
 pectation on his part, that the move
 ment would make any farther progress,
 or assume any other shape, than to
 bun before the public aa a com
 petitor with the regular candidates of
 Um two grant parties; and (acta made
 k certain that he permitted the move
 ment, and promoted it with the sole
 expectation and wish of eneonoteriag
 the candidates of both parties, and of
 I defeating them. In this state of things,,
 the Whig polkieiaasdf the South, read
 3y parcel vtag that, noon the abandon
 ment of Mr. Clay, there was an other
 atsveboldiag Whig in behalf of whom
 tho Northern Whigs could be expected
 to snerifico their sdmktsd right In a
 candidate, to contemplate the po
 sition of Gen, Taylor. They duly as
 y a
timeted the advantages of has military
 reputation, and tho political value of the
 popular applause, which, for dm mo
 -1 meat, waa everywhere concentrated
 upon him. They recognized in him a
 slaveholder, all whose interests wtre
 deeply staked in the maintenance ol
 slavery, and who bad allowed himself
 to be described by bis friends as being
 "as true to the South ns the needle to
 the pole.'* They saw, toe, that the
 glare of his military reputation would
 be sufficient to conceal this fact at the
 North, from the vision of nil, except
 tbe more sensitive AboHtionists; and
 they calculated, with tbe help of North
 ern advisers, bow much this fact might
 contribute to make him "tbe only
 slaveholder that couM be elected."
 The coincidence of the facts that the
 Conventions of both parties have re
 sulted in the nomination of candidates
 identified with or pledged to tbe slave
 bolding interests, end that it has been
 the immediate effect of such nomina
 tions to produce at once a division in
 each party, of sufficient importance se
 riously to impair its strength, or to de
 stroy it, is the explanation of still an
 other and most important fact, which
 the numerous attendance at this Con
 vention most strikingly attests. We
 refer to the fact that there is thoughout
 the free States a large body of intelli
 gent and respectable citizens, until re
 cently connected with the Whig and
 Democratic parties, who, in connection
 with others who had previously aban
 doned those parties, now find them
 selves ready and able, in good faith,
 and upon principle, to organize a new
 party, which shall have for its imme
 diate object the resistance of every
 scheme for the extension of slavery,
 and the promotion of all constitutional
 measures that are adapted to make the
 country, to the utmost practicable ex
 tent, a free, virtuous and prosperous
 Republic?
 The present Convention has been
 held to deliberate upon, and to provide
 for such an organization, at least so far
 as it can be rendered effective, in refer
 ence to the approaching Presidential
 election. By a similarly-constituted
 Convention which has been recently
 held in the State of Ohio, it has been
 proposed to hold a National Convention
 in the CITY OF BUFFALO, on the
 NINTH DAY OF AUGUST next, at
 which delegates from all the States are
 invited to attend, for tbe purpose of
 nominating a candidate for the Presi
 dency, known to be opposed to the ex
 tension of slavery, and who may there
 fore be worthy of tbe many thousands
 of fiee citizens whoVill not give their
 votes to Gen. Taylor or Gen. Casa.—
 This Convention has now responded to
 tbe call by providing for the appoint
 ment of delegates who shall represent
 the State of Massachusetts; and we do
 not suffer ourselves to doubt that the
 popular sentiment of Massachusets is
 so far pledged to our object, as to
 make it certain that none other than the
 candidate of that Convention can re
 ceive her electoral vote.
 Can we be mistaken? If we are
 wrong in the supposition that General
 Taylor should not be expected to be in
 favor of the legal prohibition of the ex
 tension of slavery, we may do him in
 justice. But if that supposition be well
 founded, is it not to do you the grossest
 injustice to take it for granted, or to
 believe it to be possible, that any poli
 tical combination can be strong enough
 to place Massachusetts in a position in
 which her prinoiples must be seen to
 have been abandoned, and her charac
 ter to be sacrificed. Does Massachu
 setts abandon her principles, and will
 she sacrifice her character? What has
 been inscribed upon her Legislative
 record so deliberately, and solemnly,
 and repeatedly, aa the declaration of
 her purpose to resist the aggression of
 the slave power, to exert all her politi
 cal and moral influence to promote tbe j
 abolition of slavery, where it exists, 1
 and to assume an attitude of determined
 and uncompromising hostility to its ex
 tension? Can she be induced to sup
 port the nomination of a candidate who
 is pledged, or must be expected to de-!
 feat his purpose
 Again, upon what other groooda can j
 Massachusetts be asked or expected to
 aid in tbe election of Gen. Taylor?—j
 Can she now begin to assent to tbe•
 doctrine that k is wise, or necessary,
 or safe, to lavish civil honors, sod to
 confer the highest political responsibili-;
 ties upon military chieftains? Can she,
 see in the hasty accomplishment of a
 few victories in the Mexican war, aU
 the evidence she requires of sound and
 enlightened statesmanship, and all tbe
 necessary elements of Executive ability
 and usefulness? Does rim desire to
 establish the precedent, in conformity
 to which nil tbe heroes of that war,
 from the highest general to the lowest
 subaltern, are to consider themselves
 entitled, according to this popularity,,
 or, k may be, toe pertinacity wkb
 which they shall prosecute their claims,
 to uke precedence of other citizens, in
 obtaining tbe various eivtl offices of tbe
 Government? Or, if different results 1
 are to he chiefly kept in view, is k
 enough for Masse ebueeto, as aamduco
 promiees which ate demanded of her,
 to receive the iterance that her cki
 zene shall not fail of obtaining a share
 of the higher honors which the part
 of the government may bestow, and that
 her tlurrt for spoils shall be calculated
 upon, and allowed for, in the aafieipe
 tsons of victory? If, at any moment,
 it has been supposed that Masse rim
 setts might ha enticed, by the bepe of
 dart iact ion or of profit, to divest her
 self of her integrity, was aha net prop
 erly vindicated by Charles Allan, when
 he assured the UsreatiM at Philadel
 phia, that she ‘spume the bribe?’
 r, oft* of HMMckoMtta! TW
 0-
JOHft DICK, hauwat.
WHOLE NO.-20.
course of duty is plain before ns? TUb
 ts not the time to profess, but to art
 upon oar principles. Tbit is not dm
 time to shrink from trial, but to meet
 it. The movement we base nidittntea
 w« bow tmi «W.M it
 not b« begun now, and here? When
 Ohio leads the way, and New York
 beckons bar to follow on tbe patk, is
 ready to go forward?
 W ben Ohio, and New York, end Mas
 sachusetts shall have taken the field
 together, any sot tbe union and co-op
 eration of afl tbe Free States be safely
 relied upon
 Let ue not he discouraged. Them
 am auspicious signs ia every direction.
 The opposition to our movement, which
 has thus far been attempted or threat
 ened, betokens, on the part of oppo
 nents, a most encouraging conscious
 ness of our strength. Tbe symptoms
 of dissolution in both tbe Whig and
 Democratic parties, assure aa of the
 additions? vigor that must be imparted
 to our organization. We begin to sea
 who they are that will toon be wkb as;
 not at once tbe leaders, or the mem
 politicians, or the office-holders, or of
 fice-seekers of either party, and o!
 course not their numerous satellites and
 dependants—not at once the timidly
 conservative, whose instinct k is to (bar
 change and resist progress, even in a
 right direction—not at once the unre
 flecting, the undecided, and tbe irreso
 lute—not quite yet those who calculate
 cautiously the chtnces of a failure, and
 always wait for the certainty of imme
 diate success; but, instead of thsm,
 and vastly to he preferred to any
 of them, the comparatively few or
 many, everywhere, who think and act
 for themselves, and who are willing to
 think, and will be ready to act in their
 various spheres, as soon as this question
 of public duty is presented to them—
 the strong-minded and determined old
 men, who cannot get rid of their settled
 convictions, and who wish to spend
 their last days in the peace of right
 eousness—a large portion of the men
 in active life, who make a proper use of
 the intelligence and influence which our
 free institutions have secured to them
 —and a still larger portion of the
 youngUr men, who, imbued wkb moral
 and religious sentiments, respond with
 enthusiasm to the call ol duty, and am
 eager, a» they are ready, to en
 ter at once upon tbe race of honor.—
 To n party constituted of such intellect
 ual and moral elements, combining in
 fit proportions tbe wisdom of age, the
 vigor of manhood, and tbe ardor of
 youth, and concentrating all its re
 sources upon tbe support of a good
 cause, what obstacle can be insure
 mountable?
 Let us not be discouraged. The
 spirit of the country, and the spirit of
 the age, are in sympathy with odr
 movements. An attempt to supply the
 principal defect of our inStkutfeod, to
 give complete efficacy to th« DfeJctA
 tion of Independence,.to streugChtß (He
 foundations of the* Union, must suc
 ceed sooner or later, and just aa sahn
 as we shall have discharged our whola
 duty, a better day will dawn upon the
 country. The good of the country is
 our object, and we can consult and
 provide for k; and as, with pure mo
 tives and earnest efforts, we continue to
 advance in our patriotic course, more
 and more voices will be rawed to cheer
 us, more and more hands will be
 stretched out to aid us, and more and
 more hearts will be warmed with grati
 tude to heaven in the prospect of our
 success.
 Nor will sympathy and co-operation
 await us in oor own country alone.—
 Every steam-ship that now crosses tbe
 Atlantic, is air Anti-Slavery packet, and
 comes here freighted wkh intelligence
 which serves to advance the cause of
 freedom. Every revolution io Europe
 re-acts upon America. As chain after
 chain is broken there, u becomes the
 more difficult to rivet new chains here.
 Great Britain, pointing to her emanci
 pated colonies, implores us to abolish
 slavery. Republican France, too,
 promptly appeals by her example. From
 tbe banks uf tbe Rhine, from the Seven
 Hills of Rome, from tbe towers of Con
 stantinople, and from the Barbara
 coast, the mingled voice of Protestant
 and Catholic Christian# snd of Mahom
 etans, solick and remonstrate wkb ua
 to remove from our government its only
 blemish, to make tbw Republic a model
 for tbe world.
 We will not, then, be discouraged.
 Truth, Justice, Liberty, Patriotism and
 Humanity are bound together ia indie
 soluble union, and are destined U&gt; share
 a common triumph. WE ENOW OUR
 DUTY—WE APPEAL TO THE
 PEOPLE—AND WE TRUST IN
 GOD.
Incatssx or Votes.— It is a singe*
 Ur fact that the number of persoii
 voting at presidential elections in tbe
 United Statee, nearly doubled ha 1840
 wbat it bad been in 1835, and that ia
 1844 tbe number was still further in
 creased. The popoUr vote, since 1828
 baa boon as follows;
 TEXES. TOTES
 1828. 1,182,418
 1892. 1,250,288
 um. W**
 18*0,
 18*4, 8 .JW*
w Tfcwyesro doplhs after*
Loei* Paiurrs. —Tbo daoas# of
 banishment against Louis PbdUfO and
 y. family waa sussed ia tho Weoch
 Assembly, May flflth, by a wta offl«|
 v\-m~
