Notices.
Aaanal Meeting.
 The 6th Annual Meeting of the Wram'
 Anti-Slavery Society will be held at S»
 Tens, Columbiana Co., on Wednesday, ThUra
 day, and Friday, the I6ih, 17th, and 18th o
 Avgust, wmmettcfng at to o’doA, A. M.
 m Let hill repcesoouuon of Uto slave*
 friends come up on this occasion from al
 pdbh’of the Otfst 'hje pMitw-al lead
 era are rmraballing their hosts for a conflict
 thousands to the rapport of thfir party ban
 f Ttcn Time, and money, and labor ate ex
 pended to secure (heir object. And rdjall Uw
 j .tieoda of freedom, whose fejth should lx
 aNO| in the power of Truth, he hi he warn
 rad mdid'- renl while pofctieiaas ere so ear
 (Mht in their labors, so tmtirinf «a their heel
 *The event* of the post ye*r shraW fenctforagi
 to renewed effort, for every* tmraement o
 importance which has been madd, taring ant
 hearing upon the question tft slavery, fore
 shadows the destruction of flhie system, sot
 the oppressors loci that it ia ap. The politico
 panics will make a desperate effort to sav&lt;
 themselves from the destractioe their eorrup
 •ion has brought upon them; and the effort*
 of the aboimonisU to maintain and enforce
 the Right should he proportionable great.—
 Arrangements should be made at the coming
 meeting to oontinoe the anti-sliTery agitation
 by the lips of the living speaker, and to eX
 tend more widely the circulation of the So
 ciety’s paper—tbe Anti-Slavery Bugle. Let
 none of the friends who can be there, absent
 themselves for any light cause, for the pte
 eenoe of all, and tiie couosel of all is denira
 hie.
 Besides Bid friends of Liberty in the "West
 who will be present on the occasion, Hen by
 C. Wsigut and Chas. C. Burleigh are cx
 /pected to be in attendance, and perhaps other
 representatives of the East.
 LOT HOLMES,
 Recording Soc'y.

 Meetings in the West.
 Henry C. Wright, the Apostle of Peace,
 and Charles C. Burleigh, the eloquent Anti
 slavery Advocate, will hold meetings at the
 following places, viz: at
 Pittsburgh, Pa. June 15th, 16th 17th
 New Brighton, 19th 20th
 Louisville Ohio 22d
 Youngstown, 24th 25th
 New Lyme 27th
 Paincsville, 29th
 Chagrin Falls, July Ist 2d
 Cleveland, 4 th
 Twinsburgh, 6th
 Richfield, Bth 9th
 Akron, 1 tth
 Ravenna, 13th 14th
 Randolph, 15th 10th
 Massillon, 18th
 The meetings at New Lyme, Cleveland,
 and Akron, will commence at ten o’clock, A.
 _M.; the others, on the first day of the meet
 i igs at two o'clock, P. M.; subsequent days
 lO A. M.
 The friends of Anti-Slavery and of Peace
 are requested to make all necessary arrange
 ments for the meetings, and give as wide a
 notice as possible. New is the time to
 agitate,
 5 Perarais can avail themselves of this op
 portunity afforded by these meetings to pay
 ior the Anti-Slavery Standard, to Samuel-
 Beooke.
 Freedom’s Jubilee.
 CELEBRATION AT ROCHESTER, TUESDAY, AUG.
 Ist, 1848.
 The friends of Freedom in Western New
 York, will commemorate the day which gave
 freedom to 800,000 human beings in the
 West India Isles, and also tender a tribute of
 gratitude for the recent French demonstration
 of Liberty, Equality, Fraternity.”
 ORDER OP THE DAY.
 Preliminary exercises at the Ford Street
 Baptist Church, commencing at 11 o'clock
 A. M. A procession will then be formed at
 12 o’clock under the direction of the Mar
 shals, Henry Scott, John Douglass, and Elza
 •'ll. Johnson, and proceed to Washington
 Square in the following order:
 Ist. Music.
 2d. Benevolent Societies of Rochester and
 other places.
 3d. President and Vice-President.
 4th. Rev. Clergy.
 sth. Orators and Reader.
 6th. Colored School.
 7th. Committee of Arrangements.
 Bth. Citizens and Strangers.
 EXERCISES AT THE SQUARE.
 Prayer.
 Freedom’s Ode—By the Liberty Vocalists.
 Remarks by the President of the day.
 Reading of the British and French Email
 pation acts, by David 11. Ray.
 Music Address by Fred. Douglass.
 Music Address by Charles Lenox Re
 mond.
 Music Address by Henry W. Johnson,
 of Canandaigua.
 Benediction.
 All riendb of Humanity are inviied to par
 ticipate. Come as the waves come! T
 N. B. Committee of Arrangements will I
 meet at 10 o'clock A. M., to appoint Vice-'
 Presidents and to designate the place for next
 celebration.
 Rodwmer, July, 1818.
 t TllJbl CALL.
 Tkfcgreat N ation al conven
 tion OF COLORED FREEMEN of the j
 United States, will be held in Cleveland,
 Ohio, commencing on Wednesday, the with i
 dsy of September next.
 Let tbe Colored Freemen all rally to this
 imporUQt gathering. This is a crisis, and
 •omethuig we must and will do
 .We hope to see the East, North, South
 and West, come up iu one mighty, unbroken
 phalaax, to do battle for God sod humanity j
 (Signed, by request of lUmoia, Indiana,
 Michigan, and Ohio, (the Western parts of.
 New York and Pennsylvania being’readv.)
 M. R. DELANY. 1
 Hamilton,Ohio, June 6, 1848.
 WT MydUry, ami*!! friradJy please j
 j
 Wrauro How York A*tJriMftVff, Sodatf.
 The Fxooauve Cmm****
 Tuesday evening next, July 18th* *1 the
 Anti-Shreery Other, 25, Buffalo Srert.
 Attendance is requested V o’chick pre
 cisely.
 we, NEU, R«. 9m ri
 Wf 9 f f z At A‘ _
 A ..Si
 Two hundred and fifty-seven llmtlMunf with
 of cotton cloth are manufactured iu LuwcU er- j 1
 cry d»y of tbe week except Sunday. |i
for tfoPwiMeaef.
 Tip Vrm *nd Dbinqfoiiic Candidates aj
 with w |h| oootfrancy let tliej
 Taylcs.— so Messrs. Hij
 Webster, Clayton and M'Lean, all of whor
 (at leaat m the estimation of their friends
 possess the requisite mental and civil quail
 ficationa for tbe Presidency, are throat aatd
 to make room for a miserable oid slave-mon
 :*er. who bos an qualifies turn of any sort
 i except as a professional butcher of the hutnai
 race—an occupation which they do say h
 anderatands pretty thoroughly. As the pion
 eer of Polk’s hired assassins tn Mexico, Gen
 tfr
 fienduih massacres of Palo Alto, Montere;
 and Bums Mirta, is «detectable war for th&lt;
 extension of atavery—and it w this sbotmna
 Me fact alone, and net tbs slighu *&gt;l persona
 1 men! o* bis part, that basesturud his noun
 nano*. Tins well ftpgerstnod. Tbe ole
 Tuck is said to be tbe owner of an extenaivi
 f sugar plantation on with t*&lt;
 ;or three hurrdnyf slaves, constantly driven u
 unpslfl mil—toil so desperately ealiausting si
 ,to destroy the lives of the slave*, o* ai
 average, in fire yeaxst A delightful condi
 date (W.N'ortiiorofnseiaea to support! —llariu
 mar f'ruum*.
 Lewis ’T'xss.—Th* rties Liberty Prest
 winds up Idwg artiele upon the Baltimore
 Convention, with the following nonce ol
 Lewis Caas. v* ;l .r
 We have said n«&gt;ibing specially of the
 nominee of the Convention. N'or is it oeccs-
 Mry. Lewis Cass jg one of the most misera
 ble demagogues, alive. Gross in perstm—
 almost idiotic in visage—narrow in intellect
 —shrivelled in in taete—treach
 erous by instinct crawling in his ambition
 —devious is his course—truckling to bia
 superiors—mean amoqg his equals—domi
 neering to his inferiors—without one particle
 of frank manhood in his composition—he is a
 Hanker of the Ilunkdrs, pledged to veto any
 Bet excluding slavery from our free territories,
 ready and eager to stoop to the dirtiest work
 of the slave power, and is the fit tool of flesh
 mongers, who would blister the free noil- of
 Mexico with the curso of negro bondage.
 To think of the republic of Washington being
 ruled by a Cass, while that of Lafayette is
 ruled by a Lamartine! The possibility of
 radh a degradation palsies our pen. We
 atop.”’ r
 Slavery in Congress.
 Colonel Benton in a recent speech upon the
 Oregon question, in reply to John P. Hale,
 said
 There enuld be no measure introduced
 into Congress but this pestiferious” ques
 tion of Slavery was attached to it. It pre
 vented or clogged all legislation. It was a
 question which affected and vitiated all sub
 jects before the Senate. He had read in the
 Holy Book of a people who were cursed by a
 special visitation. They wore visited by an
 inundation of frogs. If they looked upon
 their tables, behold th r* were frogs; even in
 nearer and dearer domestic relations, too mys
 terious to be alluded to, they were still cursed
 S&gt;y frogs. Thus it was with this pestiferous
 subject of Slavery; it was introduced to curse
 ill legislation.”
 The Buffalo Commercial, in allusion to
 his passage of Benton's speech, remarks
 That his story of the frogs might have f
 •een turned, by Hale against his argument. 1
 f the author of the 800k 1 of Genesis has
 vrit his annals true,” the frogs w ere sent to
 ilague the Egyptians for holding the Israe-1
 ites in bondage as 6oon as tbe latter had
 jermissioH to depart from their servitude, the
 jogs disappeared. There could be no Wil- i
 mot Proviso, or oilier plague of the kind, to
 rex the United States,’ Senate were it not for
 the bondage of certain individuals but little
 larker in complexion than the Egyptians.”
THE NORTH STAR.
ROCHESTER, JULY 14, 184*.
 What are the Colored People Doing for
 themselves 1
 The present is a time when every colored
 man in the land should bring this important
 question home to his Jown heart. It is not
 enough to know that white men and women
 are nobly devoting themselves to our cause
 we should know what is being done among
 ourselves. That our white friends have done,
 and are still doing, great and good work for
 us, is a fact which ought to excite in us sen
 timents of the profoundest gratitude but it
 must never be forgotten that when they have
 exerted all their energies, devised every
 scheme, and done all they can do in asserting
 our rights, proclaiming our wrongs, and re
 buking our foes, their labor is lost—yea,
 worse than lost, unless we are found in the
 faithful discharge of our anti-elavery duties.
 If there ka one evil spirit among us, for the
 casting out of which we pray more earnestly
 than another, it is that lasy, mean and cow
 ardly spirit, that robs us of all manly self
 reliance, and teaches us to depend apon oth
 ers for the accomplishment of that which we
 should achieve with our own hands. Our
 white friends can and are rapidly removing
 the barriers to our improvement, which them
 selves have set up but the main work must
 be commenced, carried on, and concluded by
 ourselves. While in no circumstances should
 we undervalue or foil to appreciate the self
 sacrificing efforts of our friends, it sliould
 never be lost sight of, lhat our destiny, for 1
 i good or for evil, for time and for eternity, is, 1
 by an all-wise God. committed to us and 1
 thst all the helps or hindrances with which'
 we may meet on earth, can never release us
 from this high and heaven-imposed responsi
 bility.. It is evident that we can be improved j
 and elevated only just so fost and for as we
 1 improve and elevate ourselves* Wc,
 must rise or fall, succeed or fail, by our own
 i menus, if wt ura careless and unconcerned
 i about our own rights and interests, it is «ot
 within the power of &amp;U the earth combined to,
 1 raise as from onr present degraded condition.
 Hereditary bontmm, t,rx&gt;w ye not
 Who woull he free, iltcmarlves must strike
 the blow V*
 e say the present is a time when iwery j
 jcolored unto should a»k himself the question,,
 I bat am 1 doing to elevate arid improve mv
 •oodtuon, sad that of my brethren at large
 While the oppressed of the eld world aref
 making efforts, by holding pnblic meetings,*
 J putting forth addresses, passing resolutions, I
 ’and in various other way*making their wishesf
 kaown to the worlJ, and the working meo of
 jour owa country are pressing th«ir cause upon 1
 popular attention, U»* shame |ha* w Kf »boJ
 I*™ enduring wrongs far more grit sot* tbaa'
 any other potuoa of the great family 44 man,;
 are eoeiparstjvcly idle and inchfcieet *Wi.
 awe welfare. We weafoas, wnh tbe deepest 1
 mortification, that oat of da* five bundled
 thousand free colored people m this country,
 not more than two thousand can be aoppnded
 tn take any special hottest Tn measures foe!
 our own deration; and pfohaMy nbf'afore'
 than fifteen hundred take, read and pay tor
Jan ami-slTve 7PT&lt;*- We aay th* in sor
 t row, not imfeget. It caiwot be sahClfceiwo
 f are too pjpnnpatidntte oar ova prcgafo any
 I greater eMmt thadfwe ao* do for m popu
 i j masonry and the like, ve expend annually
 1 from ten to twelve thouaand doHars. If we
 pot forth a call for a National Convention, for
 1 the porpbie of dotmldefinf ottf wTWigd, aOtf
 r asserting our rights, and adopting measures
 (or our mutual elevation and the emancipation
 of our enslaved ;Jbllo -co n tfcrf men, ojr aMi
 bring together 'about fifty: but if we cafi
 M*gni I nl ImiiH if til mrfmm
 masoory, we shall assemble, as was the case
 j a few days agfe hi Neir York, from font to
 fice thousand —the expense of which *!dne
 1 would be from seventeen to twenty thousand
 I' dollars, a sum sufficient to maintain four or
 five efficient presses, devoted to oar elevation
 asd improvement. We should not say this
 i; of odd-fellewsbip and fifee-masoitry, but that
 t! it is swallovriag up the best energies o r many
 of our best men, contenting them with the
 i glittering fellies of artificial display, and ki
 disposing them to seek for solid and important
 i realities. The enemies of our people see this
 J tendency id us, and encourage it. The same
 persons who would puff such demonstrations
 is the newspapers, would mob us if we met
 to adopt measures for obtaining our just rights.
 They see our weak points, and avail them
 selves of them to crush us. We are imitating
 the inferior qualities and examples of white
 Imen, and neglecting superior ones. We do
 not pretend that all the members of odd-fellow'
 I societies and masonic lodges are indifferent to
 1 their'rights and themeans of obtainingthem
 for we know the fact to be otherwise. Some
 of the best and brightest among us are num
 bered with those societies; and it is on litis
 J account that we make these remark*. We
 desire to see those noble men expending their
 time, talents aod strength for higher and no
 bler objects than any that can be attained by
 the weak and glittering follies of odd-fellow
 ship and free-masonry.
 We speak plainly on this point, for we feel
 deeply. We have dedicated ouiself, heart
 and soul, without reserve, to the elevation
 and *im prove inent of our race, and have re
 solved to Bink or swim with them. Our in
 most soul is fired with a sense of the various
 forms of injustice to which we are daily sub
 jected, and we must and will speak out against
 anything, within ourselves or our guilty op-
 pressors, which may tend to prolong this!
 reign of injustice. To be faithful to our oj&gt;-
 I pressors, we. must be faithful to ourselves;
 and shame on any colored man who would
 have us do otherwise. For this very purpose
 the North Star was established —that it might
 be as faithful to ourselves as to our oppress
 ors. In this respect, we intend that it shall
 be different from most of its predecessors, and
 if it cannot be sustained in its high position,
 its death will be welcomed by us. But to
 return.
 It is a doctrine held by many good men, in
 Europe as well as in America, that every
 oppressed people will gain their rights just as
 soon as they prove themselves worthy of
 them and although we may justly object to
 the extent to which this doctrine is carried,
 i especially in reference to ourselves as a peo
 pie, it must still be evident to all that there is
 1 a great truth in It.
 One of the first things necessary,, to prove
 the colored man worthy of equal freedom, is
 an earnest and persevering effort on l.is part
 to gain it. We deserve no earthly or heav
 enly blessing, for which we are unwilling to
 labor. For our part, we despise a freedom
 and equality obtained for us by others, and lor
 which we have been unwilling to labor. A
 man who will not labor to gain his rights, is
 a man who would not, if he had them, prize
 1 and defend them. What is the use of stand
 ing a man on his feet, if, when we let him
 go, his head is again brought to the pave
 meat Look out of ourselves as we will—
 beg and pray to our white friends for assist
 ance as much as ure will —and that assist
 ance may come, and come at the needed time;
 but unless we, the colored jieople of Ameri
 ca, shall set atiout the work of our own re
 generation and improvement, we are doomed
 ■to drag on in our present miserable and de
 graded condition for ages. Would that we
 could speak to every colored man, woman and
 child in the land, and, with the help of
 Heaven, we would thunder into their ears
 their duties and responsibilities, until a spirit
 should he roused among them, never to
 ibe lulled till the last chain is broken.—
 But here we are mortified to think that we
 are now speaking to tens w here we oaght to
 i speak to thousands. Unfortunately, those
 who have the ear of otrr people on Sundays,
 have little sympathy with the anti-slarcry
 cause, or the cause of progress in any of its
 phases. They are too frequently disposed to
 follow the beaten paths of their fathers.—
 The most they aim at, is to get to heaven
 when they die. They reason thus: Our
 fathers got along .pretty well through the
 world without learning and walien; meddling
 with abolitionism, and we can do the same.—
 We have in our minds three pulpits among
 the colored people in the North, w Web have
 the power to produce a revolution in the
 condition of the colrted people in this country
 in three years.
 First among these, we may mention the
 great Bethel Church in Philadelphia. That
 church is the largest colored church iwthis
 Uuiua, aod from two to three thousand per
 sona worship them every Sabbath. It has
 its branches in nearly all parts of the North
 and West, and a few in the South. It ts sur
 rounded by aomeruns little congregations in
 Philadelphia. Its ministers and bishops
 travel in aQ directions, and vast numbers of
 colored people belong to its branches all over
 the country. The Bethel pulpit in Philadel
 phia may be said to give tone to the entire
 deoommatieo—** as goes Jorge Bethel, ao
 go tho small Bothebthroughout the Uuioo/’
 Here is eooeenrraawi the talent of thocbemh,
 and hem is the central and ruling power.—
 Now, if that pulpit would but speak the
 right word—-the word for progreat—the word
 for mental culture—encourage reading, and
 occasionally take up conirjbttUuaa u&gt;
 aid vhoae u bo ve LWmg tot their aeration,
 as the wku« churches do taasd the eshuumr
 •mo society u&gt; «aod us oot of the eouaicjK
 them is no totting the good that mooli rush
 from sorb labao. Aa entire rbaags nofhi
 aooalafeo pkms to that dsnomwshri t loftier
 views of troth aod doty vrookf be pmoeofed;
 nobler destiny would fifer opened up to (hem,
 and a deeper happiness Would at ooce be co-
Joyed tbrowgfc all the laiMkatioto «f thi
 ehurcb. fj U
 Similarly ictoated tb#
 |a New
 IroUiag inlaMtoTcr ibe riK kt argent colarc
 m this country. it, too, is i
 trait—bss its kmUtm in 91 directions in th&lt;
 North rather than in the Sooth. I» minister
 are tealous men, sod some of them powerfu
 preachers. There is no estimating the goo.
 these men might do, if they would only en
 “I*#* M 3 fxpepl o0
 in the subject of reform.
 lip's, is New York. This church is raon
 important on account of the talent and re
 1 spectabflity which it comprises, than for iti
 numbers. Now, could the influence of these
 churches be enlisted in exciting our people u
 a constant and persevering effort at self
 elevation, a joyful change would soon conn
 over us. K
 What we, the colored people, want, i 1
 character, and this nobody can give us. h k
 s thing we must get for ourselves. We musi
 labor for it. It is gained by toil—hard toil.
 Neither the sympathy nor the generosity ol
 our fi iends can give it to us. It is attainable
 —yes, thank God, it is attainable. There
 is gold jus the earth, but we must me it”—so
 with character. It is attainable; but we mnsi
 attain it, and attain it each for himself. 1
 cannot for you, and you cannot for me.—
 What matters it to the mass of colored people
 iof this country that they are able to point lu
 their,Posingtons, Garnets, Remonds, Wards,
 Parvises, tlmiths, Whippets, Sandersons, and
 a respectable list of other men of character,
 which we might name, w bile our general ig
 norance makes these men exceptions to our
 race? Their talents can do little to give us
 character in the eyes of the world. Wc
 must get character for ourselves, as a people.
 A change in our political condition would do
 very little for us without this. Character is
 the important thing, and without it we must
 continue, to be marked for degradation and
 stamped with the brand of inferiority. With
 character, we shall be powerful. Nothing
 eaa harm us long when we get character.—
 There arc certain great elements of character
 in us which may be haled, but never despised.
 Industry, sobriety, honesty, combined with
 intelligence and a due self-respect, find them
 where you will, among black or white, must
 be looked vp to —can never be looked dorrn
 vpon. In their presence, prejudice is abash
 ed, confused and mortified. Encountering
 this solid mass of living character, our vile
 oppressors are ground to atoms. In its pres
 ence, the sneers of a carricaturing press, the
 taunts of natural inferiority, the mischievous
 assertions of Clay, and fine-spun sophisms of
 Calhoun, are innoxious, powerless and una
 vailing. lu answer to these men and ilia
 sneers of the multitude, there is nothing in
 the wide world half so effective as the pre'
 scr.tation of a character precisely the opposite
 of all their representations. We have it in
 our power to convert the weapons intended
 for our injury into positive blessings. That
 we may sustain temporary injury from gross
 and general misrepresentation, is most true
 but the injury is but temporary, and must dis
 appear at the approach of light,like mist from
 the vale. The offensive traits of character
 imputed to us, can only be injurious while
 they arc true of us. For a man to say that
 sweet is bitter—that right is wrong—that
 light is datkness—is not to injure the truth,
 but to stamp himself a liar; and the like is
 true when they impute to us that of which we
 are not guilty. We have the power of
 making our enemies slanderers, and this we
 must do by showing ourselves worthy and re
 spectable men.
 We are not insensible to the various obsta
 cles that throng the colored man's pathway to
 respectability. Embarrassments and per
 plexities, unknown to other men, ?re common
 to us. Though born on American soil, we
 have fewer privileges than aliens. The
 school-house, the work-shop, counting-house,
 attorney's office, aud various professions, are
 opened to them, but closed to us. This, and
 much more, is true. A general and wither
 ing prejudice—a malignant and active hate,
 pursues us even in the best parts of this coun
 try. But a few days ago, one of our best and
 most talented men—and lie a lame man, hav
 ing lost an important limb—was furiously
 hurled from a car on the Niagara Buffalo
 Railroad, by a band of white ruffians, who
 claim impunity for their atrocious outrage on
 the plea that New York law' docs not protect
 the rights of colored against a company of
 while men, Und the sequel has proved them
 right; for the case, it appears, was brought
 before the grand jury, but that jury found no
 bill. We cannot at this time dwell on this
 aspect of the subject.
 The fact that we are limited and circum
 scribed, ought rather to incite us to a more
 vigorous aud persevering use of the elevating
 means within our reach, than to dishea-ten
 us. The means of education, though not so
 free and open to. us as io white persons, are
 nevertheless at our command to such an extent
 as to make education possible; and these,
 thank God, are increasing. Let us educate
 •of children, even though it should ns
 to a coarser and scantier diet, and disrobe u* of
 oar few fine garments. For the want of
 knowledge we are killed all the day.” Get
 wisdom—get understanding, is a peculiarly
 valuable exhortation to us, and the compb
 i auoe with a i* our only hope in this land.—
 Itteidle, a hollow mockery, for us to pray to
 God to break the oppressor's power, while
 we neglect the means of knowledge w hich
 will give m the ability to break this power.—
 God w H help us when we help ourselves.
 Our oppressors have divested ns of nuny \ak
 able blessings and facilities for improvement
 aud elevation but, thank heaven, they have
 not yet been able to take from us the privi
 lege of bfung honest, ioduatnoum sob, r and
 fofofogeoi. W# may read and uadernut;td—
 we may speak and vnw—wo may ex put e
 onr wrewgs msv appeal te the sense ui
 j**iee yet dive hi the public mind, eed by as
 honest, upright life, we may mi last wring
 ft*om a reluctant puhlie Ihe all-important eao
 ftwamd, that vre are men, worthy meo, good
 ctusena, good Christians, and might to be
 treated as such.
 National appeals (runs oAdal
 •foUeowts that the pihim debt of the Hatted
 at the ptoeeat Ismeal yeas, lei
 itly, Wtt, if ths treaty gam into etfeet* anil
 *s a»eifreight iwMieoa fear Jumdred ami
 f«yy-eeveo tjfceumakf eight baadrfed sad three
 dollars.
aij The 1 mf— Ttee*.
 Tbd jhmmeats and speculations of the
 i^JAnMriotn press for the last few months, te
 B-PSpcctiajr the various political changes goi*g
 sdj forward ia Europe, and their probable eflfecl
 a upon the institutions and government of Great
 ic Britain, has provoked quite a lengthy review
 n in a recent number of the London Times,
 nf The complacency and consciousness of strength
 id with which this ponderous sheet anchor of
 v British order and conservatism disposes of the
 at wild prognostications of downfall to the Brit
 iah throne, and the erection of a British Re-
 I* public, is truly admirable, and must be any
 re thing but grateful to our democratic and ro
 publican hearts. After attending to the Amc
 ts rican press in general, it aieaes with a terrible
 le grasp upon the New York Herald, and gives
 o him, in American parlance, acomplete iL go*ng
 f- oeec.” The North Star comes neat, sod ia
 e placed by the Times in the same condemna
 tion with the New York Herald. We have
 long been looked upon, in this eountiy, as
 b degraded, on account of oar complexion; but
 it tn be classed in any way with the New York
 1. Herald, is depredation intensified and intole
 .4
 if rable, and one which we have never, until
 e 1 this time, been called upon to enduss- The
 e Times says, after quoting from the New
 o York Herald:
 ll 44 There ate some compliments so much to
 I the same purpose in the North Star (Roehes
 _ ter, U. S.), that we cannot forbear adding
 them.”
 e
 u And then quotes the following from a Lon
 don correspondent of the North Star:
 j “The Ilouse of Commons, as at present
 constituted, is chiefly elected by the middle
 j classes, who, politically, are the most ignor
 ant part of the people of Great Britain. This
 r class is composed chiefly of Dissenters, who
 s. in geuerii wish themselves to be understood
 as the must religious; but who, with few ex
 ceptions, know very little about practical reli
 gion. John Bull-has his own way of doing
 y every thing, and his route is genenHy a
 5 t rather circuitous one*/ lie has such a high
 opinion of himself, that no one can teach
 j I him.”
 I I The article from the Times closes with the
 following comment:
 .j “The North Star like its cotemporary at
 J New York, assigns this as a reason why no
 serious political reform is to be expected here
 •'in a regular way. One only conclusion,
 it however, will be drawn from all this wrathful
 i, and vituperative language. These gentlemen,
 who do not, however, fairly represent their
 fellow-citizens, are a good deal put out that
 l there has been no revolution in England. But
 why so angry if the thing must be 1 The
 certainty of early success generally soothes
 disappointment. Nobody is out of temper
 i with the foe whom to-morrow he will see in
 the dust. But these Yankee gentlemen are
 :j very angry and scurrilous indeed. We are
 forced to conclude that they are not quite so
 sure of the boulevirsc/ueut as they pretend. At
 1 1 least, they appear to think that it wants a lit
 j tie help from their pens.”
 In answer to the Times, we may state, that
 1 1 the North Star, does not, and will nut, hold
 i T
 itself responsible for all the sentiments of its
 correspondents; and that the article in ques
 -1 tion was inserted in its columns in the absence
 of its editor—and .s not in harmony with his
 views.
 Nothing could be more at variance with
 our estimate of the intelligence, worth, and
 piety of the classes referred to, than the state
 ment of the London correspondent as expres
 sed above: and if the Times will read the fol
 !j lowing comments from our pen, written and
 published la the North Star immediately alter
 the failure of the great Chartist demonstration
 on the 11th of April, it will at once see the
 injustice which it has done us in classing us
 with the New York Herald and other malig
 nant American revilers.
 Chartists of England.—When we first
 learned that tins class of reformers had re
 solved upon a resort to brute force, to over
 awe the government of that country, we were
 satisfied that the wild and wicked measure
 .would be defeated. It was, therefore, as
 expected as it was gratifying, to learn by our
 last advices, that they had wisely abandoned
 the mischievous and useless project. In all
 circumstances, we are inflexibly opposed to a
 resort to violence, as a means of eiiecting re
 form; and of all violence, we iegaid none with
 more absolute horror, than that attending civil
 j war. W hatever may be the evils, and how
 ever inveterate the forms of oppression and
 tyranny in continental Europe, and whatever
 prelexis may exist there for assailing those
 lorms of oppression with brute force, we are
 confident that no such causes or pretexts can
 be properly cited in Great Britain, as justify
 log a resort to violence. While ibe liberty ol
 j Speech is allowed—while the freedom of the
 press is permitted, and the right of petition is
 respected- and w hile men are left free to origi
 nate reforms without, and Members are left
 free to propose and advocate them within the
 walls ot Parliament, —no excuse can be valid
 for resorting to liie leartui use of brute force
 aud bloodshed. When worJswdl accomplish
 as they certainly will, -d righteous measures,
 it is wild, irraliouai and wicked to resort to
 blows.
 Under no government in the wide world is
 there more respect shown, or encouragement
 ottered to reform, than under that of England.
 Luang the last thirty years, some ot the most
 important reforms ever achieved under any
 form of government, have taken place in Great
 Britain so that now, that country may be
 justly regarded as far in advance of all other
 Euro[*ean governments, and in some, and very
 miOJrtaut particulars, tar in advance of our
 j own. The passage of the Kefoira Bill m '3l,
 the Emancipation Act in *3l, and the repeal ot
 the Lorn Laws in \	t». are reform* which are
 stiii fresh iu the memory of all, and alford
 ample proof that, that couutry may be us effect
 ually ruled by opinion as our own. No re
 form need fail there with patient, earnest and
 persevering efforts for its success. Within
 the walla ot the House of Commons—aye, the
 Commons, the dearly expressed will of the
 people, through that oody, whatever the loud
 l spiritual and temporal may be pleased to a)
 ft the first, is as certain to become the
 law of the realm, that manhood follows
 infancy. On floor of (bat House, tuay be
 j Richard Cooueu, John Bright, Dr. ifow
 lnuf» Sharmaa Crawford, W. J. lux, and
 ute peerless orator and poiianinropui, George
 Thompson- ready to advocate ami defoud jus
 lice and liberty, encouraged or asaatied by
 whom they may be. With such advocates in
 Bari lament, bow aboard, monstrous and wick
 ed it ts for Ch.mists or any other class of re
 formers m that county, to dream ot btoodafo-d
 as a means of furthering thru cause To do
 Isois to deserve defiat, Wo axe, if we usder
 stand Chartism, a ChabLt and we are even
 iu favor of more radical Tonus than they have
 yet proposed and still, for the time being,
 we rsjmco that they have foiled in their loin
 of Apfokiemoasinuto*. A victory gamed by
 sue** mesas, would be for worse iu the sequel
 than ail ihe pam and moruficatioa they must
 have experienced in their present signal
 failure.' Away drilh ail mobs and ail vio
 fobce as a means of reform! Wo have
 axpensoomt too stuck mi tins aperies ol
 tyranny alnuody, There t» e mure exaeiient
 wsy. With free speech, an unshaehkrd
 pftMS. and Urn right ot petiuuo, we can defy
 cnor, whether is (he church or in the state—
 whether sustained by presenpodn, or defen
 dwt by theft word- «s any ease truth shall tn
 eraph. War, slavery, monopoly, mod the
whole train of inequalities that spring fron
 file demon selflaboeee, MMM fill and expire in
 the presence of time mighty agents.
 “Tv pea afaefi mu i isds the •word,
 Aad right nst aught thall be adored,
 W(V good tin** oraM*.”

 Shotting the Door after the Horae is oat
 The Committee of the American anc
 Foreign Anti-Slavery Society hare sent fortl
 I an address, exhorting the members of th«
 Liberty party to stand aloof from the Wilmo
 Proviso movement and to adhere to tbeir owr
 party and nominations. This advice, coming
 t (torn that party, has much the appearance o
 a mere farce—a most abeuid sham. It would
 imply that thee party has, up to this time, had
 a distinct sod separate existence, and main
 tained its principles in all their integrity, when
 the fact is, the party has been, in this sense,
 dead for more than half a year, h gave up
 the ghost m the nomination of John P. Hale,
 and that committee sanctioned that.nomination.
 Of Mr. Hale we would never speak reproach
 fully or lightly. Ho has done much, before
 and since his nomniabou, to fix public atten
 tion upon the slave power of the country, and
 has put forth many noble sentiments against
 slavery in the abstract, but has done no more
 to identify himself w ith the Liberty party than
 what has been done by Messrs. Giddings,
 Palfrey, and othere, who have rebuked the
 j slave power, and opposed the extension of
 slavery. In nominating John P. Hale as
 I their candidate and representative, the Liberty
 I party virtually dissolved itself into a Wilmot
 Proviso party, and cannot be said in truth to
 occupy any higher anti-slavery ground than
 j that occupied by the Convention at Columbus
 1 and other independent advocates of the Wil
 mot Proviso; and it is, in such circumstances,
 absurd, if not something worse, for that com
 mittee, or any other body, to assume for that
 party any higher ground than that occupied
 |by other opponents of the extension of sla
 very. As a means of inducing the approach
 ing Free Soil Convention, to be held in Buf
 falo on the ninth of August, to take up their
 candidate, their address may possibly answer
 very well; but as showing that party to be
 more anti-slavery in its position than the gen
 eral free soil movement, the document must
 .be regarded a failure. On this subject, the
 National Eva is just where it might be ex
 pected to be from its milk-and-water tone.
 It takes ground in favor of uniting with the
 general slavery limitation political movement
 at the North, and shows most conclusively, we
 think, that that movement can, and promises
 he accomplishment of every thing for Anti
 slavery that any political party can do, which
 admits, as the Liberty party now does, that
 the Constitution does not give to the General
 Government any power to interfere with sla
 i very in the States. The Era shows that the
 I Liberty party, acting as a party, can never
 act against slavery in the States, and falls
 back upon the gruund of the often-reproached
 i moral suasion ists, as the only mode left them
 for the abolition of slavery in the States.—
 Webster once said, a lawyer will tell the
 truth when it is for his interest to do so. It
 is now confessed by preity high authority in
 the Liberty party, that aller all tbeir preci
 sions to abolishing slavery by political means,
 that such an object cannot be accomplished in
 any such way, and in no way except by moral
 i action. This we have believed from the first,
 and do now believe, and shall therefore go on
 doing what we may to change and concentrate
 public opinion, against slavery and all its up
 holders, as the surest and best means of bring- 1
 ing about the entire overthrow of slavery.
 Woman’s flights Convention,
 A Convention to discuss the Social, Civil
 and Religious Condition and Rights of Wo
 man, will be held in the Wesleyan Chapel at
 Seneca Falls, New York, on Wednesday and
 J J
 Thursday, the 19th and iiOth of July instant.
 During the first day, the meetings will be
 exclusively for women, which all are earnestly
 invited to attend. The public generally arc
 invited to be present on the second day, when
 Lucretia Mult, of Philadelphia, and others,
 both ladies and gentlemen, will address the
 Convention.
 Disappointment.
 j Our friends in Plymouth county, Mass.,'
 cannot now regret more than we, our inability
 to be with them on the 4th of July. Noth
 ing short of tlie severe affliction in the injury
 sustained to our organs of speech, would have
 prevented our being at Abbington on that day.
 To have been there without the power of.
 speech, might have been pleasant to us and
 friends, but not serviceable to the cause. We
 are now happy, however, to state that the l
 inflammation of the throat, from winch wo
 have suffered so long, is alreoat entirely re
 moved.
 _____ __
 William C. Nell,
 The lecture of Mr. Nell, in the Third
 Baptist Church of this city, “On the Lleva
 lion of the Colored People,” was quite a
 successful effort. Tire lecturer brought to
 gether many interesting and important facts,
 in science, history, and our every-dav experi
 ence, very well calculated to quicken, expand
 ami enlighten the minds of his audience, lie
 did not pretend to the merit of originality, but
 merely to have gathered up the words and
 views of others, v,iuch h’j doomed useful to
 a people situated as we aw.
 lit* remark! on ike importance of industry,
 frugality, sobriety, and reading, were happy,
 elear, and effective. We hope he may
 he induced to repeat liia lecture be
 fore colored assemblies, as we are sure its re
 petition will do much good. At ihc close of
 the meeting, we being called upon for a speech,
 moved a vote of thanka to the tpeaker for hie
 address, which was unanimously adopted, and
 the meeting adj-jurndt).
 H Qr Maxxjeq Wonts* —Mr. Horn
 of Washington county, has introduced a hill
 in the Senate to exempt married women's
 property.

 Thx Axikk ax Peace Socirrv offer a
 premium of five hundred dollars for the heat
 j of the Mexican war, to he written
 without reference to political paxttgp,
 t “77777 I —f
 Fee* SojTieoiw in Wut'orio —The
 Senate of the new Stale of Wisconsin voted
 I on the 14th, 15 to J, to instruct their Seen
 tors sod Representatives in to ups
 ihesr elforu lo psevent iho m trod octree of
 *Uvtrj into my new territory th* my ho
 by the United State*. ThOaMtree
 ttsoe were sobraqaestly adopted by th* Iloose

First of Asian.
 We cell special attention to the notice of
 the contemplated celebration of West Info
 Emancipation v in this city, on the first of
 Ah putt. The day is one which the friends
 freedom in this country mast cm contempUte
 I with emotions of the deepest complacency
 The even* which marks the dat and snrround,
 it with a halo of glory, was the defWerance
 from a most painful bondage eight hundred
 thousand slares in the British West India
 Inlands—an event which has justly been
 f »*y ,ed the grandest of the nineteenth century.
 The contemplated celebration wilt dooht
 kaa be an admirable demonstrate]*, well cal
 culated to impress the public mi ad with ideas
 and principles which mum save the nation, if
 it be over saved, from the crime and curse of
 slavery.
 Let the friends of freedom gather, aad
 1 make the occasion memorable. Let every
 colored man and woman within two hundred
 miles’ distance of this city see to it that al
 the appointed hour they are in Washngtow
 Square, Rochester.
 f
 I The A«ti-slavcrt Haas: a Collection of
 Snnp, by ll'a. \V. Brown. Published by Bek
 l Marsh, 25, CornhiH, Boston. Price 12| cent*.
 This i 3 an excellent compilation. It is
 moreover the work of a fugitive from bond
 age. We recognize among the songs some
 old favorites; but, as the compiler says in his
 preface, the larger portion has never before
 been published. ,r There is no method of
 spreading Anti-Slavery sentiment, and of
 deepening the conviction of the wickedness of
 the system, more effectual, and at the same
 time more agreeable, than by singing it. We
 have this week embellished our poetry column
 with a selection, which contains some home
 truths for the slaveholder. We hope the
 book will have an extensiv circulation.
 IT? Wo have just been informed that the
 I Ram's Horn” is to be removed from New
 York to Toronto. It will continue under the
 charge of Mr. Van Renssellaer, its present
 earnest and indefatigable editor. We regret
 bis removal from New York on many ac
 counts for of all places in the world we think
 that city in need of light among its colored in
 habitants. We however wish him entire
 success in his new location, and shall look
 with some curiosity to the first appearance of
 the Ram's Horn from its new point of attack.
 Sandusky, June Ist, 1848.
 Hear Douglass I have arrived thus far
 on my journey from the two great Conven
 tions—the one an independent gathering of
 the people, irrespective of party ties and
 basis, opposed to the regular nominees of the
 Baltimore and Philadelphia Conventions, Cass
 and Taylor; the first a most unscrupulous
 pro-slavcryite the second, an unconscionable
 slave-holder —and the Liberty Party Conven
 tion, which took place unmeiliatdy on the
 adjournment of the Independent.
 I shall not consume time by giving the
 preliminaries, as these you have long since
 hrid by the published proceedings but there
 are two circumstances connected with these
 meetings worthy of special notice that the
 rabid editor of one of the most loathsome pro
 slavery papers in the country, S. Medary, of
 the Ohio Statesman, the Democratic organ in
 Ohio, should actually tender the use of the
 Democratic Ilall,” owned by himself, to the
 Convention; and after its organization, which
 took place in the hall, Mf. Wood, Auditor of
 State, in behalf of himself and the proper au
 thorities, tendered the use of the Ilall of Re
 presentatives, in (he Capitol, which was oc
 cupied by the Convention. lam credibly in
 formed by knowing citizens of Columbus, that
 in the absence of the Legislature, this is the
 first instance in which the Capitol was ever
 granted for any purpose whatever. However
 much we may approve of the courtesy, it is
 no difficult took for you and me to determine
 the cause of this manoeuvre. Well, as the
 old slave woman said, who, when hungry,
 prayed that (Jod would, even as he fed
 Elijah, the prophet, by ravens,” feed her, at
 the instance of which sentence, a number of
 mischievous youths, who had been listening
 to her supplications, stealthily threw down
 her cabin chimney a large loaf of bread,
 turned round and exclaimed, Thank God, it
 is good, if the devil sent it I”
 The Convention was a numerous and en
 thusiastic gathering of the tearless and inde
 pendent spirits of the heretofore bound and
 trammeled partizans. There was no public
 building in Columbus sufficiently capacious to
 contain them, rpid there being no shade nearer
 than two miles from the city corporation, the
 weather being extremely warm, many, very
 many, came without an opportunity of once
 gaining admitance within doors, as it was
 impossible to sit without. I had a comforta
 ble and conspicuous plate during the wbolo
 s* ssion, which was two days, some on© of the
 delegates always extending to ate the privi
 lege of a seat,
 Ihe President of the Convention, str.
 •xawyer, of Hamilton county, is a stay Mb
 and unffmehing Whig, and the iw# Vice-
 Presidents, if J mistake not, were chosen
 from the Democratic and Liberty party ranka.
 The principal speakers were Messrs. Ifana
 blio, W. Vauglian, W. Platt, D.
 Cbaae of Indiana, L. Briggs, W. Lew**, L.
 Vauoe, W. Biruey, Jr.,4*. Bliss#, Hull,
 L, and Prestou. There wen a rmmknr of
 other speakers also—a Mr, Harding, *f In.
 duns, L., who, like L&gt;r. Chase «f die Mnse
 Stale, were there as mere visitors, in seder
 to couvey to their constituent* the spirit that
 prevails in Ohio against the monstrous out
 rage upon the rights of freemen, perpetrated
 by the Baltimore and Philadelphia Conven
 tions. Aud certain an I. if they but ptoperl y
 report the doing* of this Convention, they
 will tell» story that shall not be Affkmlt
 conprehend. Pwndsnt Mahan, I should
 have stated, of Uherh. College, was among
 »he most prominent speakers at the Cow
 vent ion. t
 IV&gt; position of many of the speakers was
 highly independent, some Ugly philanthropy,
 knd one in particular, Sir. Vaughan, (late
 editor of the was pangeniJj kft-
 UMliauog when he exhibited the bkatctiag
 contempt wuh yhich «h* .North »aa regaujpd
 bj the. Sink, as wifrarsd 'm the Phrisdth
 Pto* Ctmuim, of which be van a Whig
 delegate, from Hamilisnesutty, Ohio. *ti»
 fc 'Vaughan observed, that akheufh 4e
 Soetheni delegation had ropeway
 ■pokes, stating their ehofce of persona, yW
 the I*rssiden| emphatically refuted My. (Sals
 way, the Secretary of State, or Cay of the
