Notices.
Annual Meeting.
 The 6th A nmnl Meeting of the WBertas
 Anti-Slavery Society will be held at Sa*
 era, Columbiana Co., on Wednesday, Thun
 day, ami Friday, the 16th, 17th, and 18lh of
 August, comra.mciag at 10 o'clock, A. M.
 U?t a full reproaenuuon of the slaves'
 friends come up on this occasion from all
 pans of 1)10 Great West. The political lead
 ers are marshalling their hosts for a conflict,
 heir followers arc rallying by hundreds oi
 thousands to the support of their party ban
 ners. Tune, and money, and labor tie ex
 pended to aectifh their object. And shall tb«
 rteods of freedom, w hose faith should be
 iitoog is the power of Truth, be lukewarm
 V»d utdtffureiti while politicians are so ear
 ■ert m their tabors, so untiring in their seal!
 The areata of the past year should encourage
 us to tune wed effora, for erery movement o
 mportance which has been made, bating an]
 baanng upon the question of slavery, fore
 shadows the destruction of the svstem, ao&lt;
 the oppressors feel that it is so. The politics
 parlies will make s desperate effort to savi
 themselves from the destruction their corrup
 non has brought upon them; and the effort
 of the abolitionists to maintain and enfora
 the Right should be proportionally great.—
 Arrangements should be made at the coming
 meeting 10 continue tiie anti-slavery agiuuot
 by the lips of the living speaker, and to ex
 lend more widely the circulation of the So
 ciety’s paper—the Anti-Slavery Bugle. I*e
 none of the friends who can be there, abeen
 themselves for any light cause, for the pre
 senceof all, and thj coucsd of all is desira
 ble.
 Besides the friends of Liberty in the Wes
 who will be present on the occasion, llenry
 Wright and Chas. C. Bcri.kjgh are ex
 pected to be m attendance, and perhaps othei
 representatives of the East.
 __ UJT HOLMES, Itec Sec.
 .Meetings in the West.
 Henry C. Wright, the Apostle of Peace,
 and (.barb's C. Burleigh, the eloquent Anli
 shvery Advocate, will hold meetings at tht
 following places, viz: at
 Pittsburgh, Pa. June 15th, 16th 17th
 New Brighton, 20th
 Louisville Ohio 22d
 Youngstown, 24th 25th
 New Lyme 27th
 Painesville, 20th
 Chagrin Falls, July Ist 2d
 Cleveland, 4th
 Twinsburgh, 6th
 R. hlicld, Bth 9th
 Akron, lul,
 Rtvenna, 13th 14th
 Rtndolph, 15th 16th
 Massillon, 18th
 The meetings at New Lyme, Cleveland,
 t d Akron, will commence at ten o'clock, A.
 nl.; the others, on the first day of the meet
 ngs at two o'clock, P. M.; subsequent days
 at 10 A. M.
 The friends of Anti-Slavery and of Peace
 tfe requested to make all necessary arrange
 ments for the meetings, and give as wide a
 notice as possible. Now is the time to
 agitate.
 Persons can avail themselves of this op
 portunity afforded by these meetings to pav
 f »r the Anti-.Slavcry Standard, to Samuel-
 Bkook t.
 Freedom’s Jubilee.
 CELEBRATION AT ROCHESTER, TUESDAY, AUG.
 Ist, 1648.
 The friends of Freedom in Western New
 York, w ill commemorate the day which gave
 freed n to 860,000 human beings in the
 cst India Isles, and also tender a tribute of
 gratitude for the recent French demonstration
 of Liberty, Equality, Fraternity.”
 ORDER OF THE DAT.
 Preliminary exercises at the Ford Street
 Baptist Church, commencing at 11 o'clock
 A. M. A procession will then be formed at
 12 o'clock under the direction of the Mar
 shals, Henry Scott, John Douglass, and Elza
 M. Johnson, and proceed to Washington
 Squa in the follow ing order
 Ist. Music.
 2d. Benevolent Societies of Rochester and
 other places.
 3d. l'reeiileui and Vice-President.
 4th. R?v. Clergy.^
 sth. t ’rators and Reader.
 6th. Colored School .J
 7th. Committee of Arrangements.
 out. Citizens and Strangers.
 EXERCISES AT THE SQUARE.
 Prayer.
 Freedom's Ode—By the Liberty Vocalists.
 Remarks by the President of the day.
 Reading of the British and French Eman
 patton aetfe, by David H. Ray.
 Music Address by Fred. Douglass.
 Bftistc Address by Charles Lenox Re*
 mond.
 Mkistc Address by Henry W. Johnson,
 of Canandaigua.
 Benediction.
 All riends of Humanity are invited to par
 ticipate. Come as the waves come!
 N. B. Committee of Arrangements will
 meet at 10 o'clock A. M., to appoint Vice-
 Pr vidents an I to designate the place lor next
 celebration.
 Kochester, July, 1848.
 THE CALL.
 t
 THE GREAT NATIONAL CONVEN
 TION OF COLORED FREEMEN of the
 United Stales, will be held in Cleveland,
 Ohio, coramencmg on Wednesday, the sixth
 d .y of September next.
 Let the Colored Freemen all rally to jhis
 i n port ant gathering. This is a crisis, and
 something we must and will do
 We hope to see the East, North, South
 1 West, come up in one mighty, unbroken
 phalanx, to do battle for God and humanity
 Signed, by request of Illinois, Indiana,
 Michigan, anid Ohio, (the Western parts of
 New York and Pennsylvania being ready.)
 M. R. DELANY.
 Hamilton, Ohio, June 6, 1846.
 ID* Mystery, and all friendly papers, please
 py
 Notice.
 More Rebellion. —A meeting of the
 opponents of Cass and Taylor, will be held at
 the Court House, Canandaigua, on Thursday
 the 27th inst. Henry B. Stainton, Esq.
 and other gentlemen will Address the meeting.
 Tiir Elevator. —Whirh used to be pub
 lished to this city, but which had been suspen
 ded for several years, has been revived, and
 in now published as a regular weekly paper.
 Two numbers of the new series have made
 their appearance. It purports to be pub
 lished and edited by James McCrnmmel and
 William Grantee, office 266 North Third
 etreet.” Tho prospectus says:
 This paper will bo devoted to the moral
 and political elevation «f the Colored Com
 munity, it will advocate «be general education
 of our people, and inculcate the principles of
 temperance, morality, and republicanism,
 founded upon tbe basis that nuu&gt; cannot right
 fully hold property in human beings and iia
 columns will be open for fro* diseuwKon on all
 ■objects wherein oor people may differ, rela
 tive t*&gt; the adoption of plans for the moral
 good of the community.”
 These see taodfble objects, and if faithfully
 afhered to and mteUigenUy and judiciously
 advocated should secure for the Elevator the
 support of every kmd to the colored m*n.
 The naper is p« Mashed every Saturday,
 «r 266 North Third etmet. Price 9 eia, the
 tingle number or $1.96-per annum.—Perm.
 Pismaaw.
 Ipy An apprentice in Pluladelphis has been
 1«-&lt;&gt;-u|v Iro-H Ir.en |«m mdeniures because his
FnaiktUßnkr.
 Editorial Alwtw,
 Since my ilbew el the Wen, lest autumn,
 my bodily iptem Imm been peculiarly mm
 ccpuhks to atmospheric changes, and my
 health easily impaired by metal esmemenf,
 and eoutitraous public labor; oo as nytnglv
 to interfere with the regular discharge of the
 various duties devolving upon ms. Under
 these circumstances, aod by the advice of
 1 some of my must valued fi tends, I have eon*
 i eluded to try the efficacv of the hydropathic
 j system at Dr. Ruggles’ Water Cure Infirmary
 at Northampton for a short time at least,
 (some three or four months.) as a matter of
 experiment. My confidence in that mode of
 cure n very great; but it requires some
 courage and perseverance, aa well ms faith, on
 the part of the patient, especially if, like my*
 self, he is much more disposed to pet into
 ‘hut water' than into cold. In the judgment
 and skill of Dr. Haggles, 1 place entire con
 fidence for, thus far, Iris great success de
 serves it —and the kna of his sight has only
 served to quickeo bis seosibilty of touch, by
 which he is enabled to determine, with extra
 ordinary accuracy, the amount of electric eo
 ,j ergy which remains in the system, and hence
 the almost certain result of the application of
 the cold water treatment in each particular
 case. Identified as he Is in complexion with
 those whose cause 1 have so long pleaded bc
 fore this tyrannical nation, I am all the more
 j happy to commit myself to bis care. If he
 1 can instramentally add to my frame and
 elasticity to my mind, so that I can grapple
 w ith the Slave rower more effectually than I
 have been able to do for some time past, he
 will do it, depend upon it! for there is no
 one who takes a livelier interest in the anti
 slavery struggle, or who is more familiar with
 its rise, progress, and present position, than
 himself. Indeed, it was his rare devotion to
 the cause of his fettered countrymen, the
 sacrifices that he made in their behalf, and the
 sufferings to which he subjected himself, that
 he might hide the outcast, and betray not
 him that wandereth,” that finally cost him the
 loss of his sight. During his residence in
 New York, hundreds of fugitives from the
 Southern prison-house were indebted to him
 for succor and safety—among them, our re
 nowned coadjutor, Frederick Douglass—by
 all of whom he will ever be held in grateful
 remembrance. His establishment at North
 ampton is an excellent one, and the location is
 one of the finest in the country. The water
 is of the purest quality, and very abundant.—
 Henry C. Wright says that his plunge bath
 is superior to that at Graefenhurg. Long may
 he live to bless his suffering fellow creatures,
 and may it be possible for him yet to recover
 his sight! But Milton was not more cheerful
 in his blindness than is this worthy man.
 It is with extreme reluctance that 1 leave
 my post at the present stirring crisis, for eve
 ry man who can render the'slightest aid to the
 cause of liberty, is needed in the field of con
 flict; but I hope to be not wholly disabled
 from service, and shall try to inflict an occa
 sional blow on the proud crest of tyranny,
 that may do something toward delivering the
 oppressed out of the hands of the spoilei.—
 I shall probably be able to keep a general su
 pervision over thf columns of the Liberator,
 particularly as to the selected matter, during
 my absence.
 As to the editorial department, to whose
 hands can I commit it more trustingly, as to
 the ability with which it will be managed,and
 the fidelity to the cause which will be exhib
 ited in it, than to those of my incorruptible
 and clear-sighted friend, Edmund Quincy
 Of his talents, the Teaders of the Liberator
 need no certificate; and that his pen is as
 keen as a Damascus blade, the betrayers and
 enemies of the anti-slavery movement know
 full well. There are few writers whose style
 is to racy, whose wit is ao sparkling, whose
 satire is so effective, or whose rebuke is so
 potent. He has kindly consented once more
 to take the editorial chair, for the Cause’
 sake, and for my own; and for this new proof
 of his personal friendship, and of his interest
 in the welfare of the Liberator, he has my
 warmest gratitude.
 I shall report progress,” from time to
 time, to the readers and friends of the paper,
 who will receive weekly a far more interesting
 sheet for the next quarter than they have dur
 ing the last. Mr. Quincy will commence his
 editorial labors next week.
 WM. LLOYD GARRISON.
 Boston, July 14, 1848.
 The Nominations.
 The nomination of Gen. Taylor, by the
 Philadelphia Convention, is thus welcomed
 The Whig Party.—We believe the time
 has come when men cannot be dragooned into
 the support of principles abhorrent to the
 spirit of the age, to the genius of our free
 institutions, and to all the precepls of Christi
 anity. The old parties are ripe, rotten ripe’
 for dissolution. Long enough and too long
 already, have they keept men fighting about
 shadows, while oppression, corruption and
 venality have borne away all the trophies.
 The mask is, at length, thrown off. The
 leaders of both parties now stand clothed in
 the garments of treachery, so that all men
 may see their rottenness. And we rejoice
 that it is so. It is meet that a crisis like the
 1 present should come, when men who have
 hypocritically professed attachment to Free
 dnm, should fed called on to assume theii
 true character. If there are men in the
 I Whig paatv willing to disgrace themselves
 and betray their country into the hands of the
 slave.power for the poor privilege of recetv
 j ing the crumbs which fall from the slave
 holders' table, God forbid that an opportunity
 like the present should be wanting.
 We will not, however, believe, and we dc
 not believe, that the mass f the Whig party
 can be coaxed or driven into this treachetv tc
 Northern rights. We cannot believe they
 will chain themselves to the car of a military
 hero, whose laurels were all won in a war fot
 the extension of slavery, and whose election
 to the Presidency will he the certain con
 summation of that iniquity for which the wai
 with Mexico was begun.— N. H. Indepen
 deni Democrat.
 ‘Hang be the Heavens in Black V
 General Taylor u nominated for President,
 and Millard Fillmore for Vice President.
 Wc are indebted to Brother Bausman for i
 slip from tne office of the Whig Tomahawk,
 1 containing the result of thf first, second, am
 fourth ballottngs for President by the Whi§
 j National Convention. It wilt be acea thai
 the first ballot was a little different from whs
 it was reported in our extra of yesterday.
 The nomination of General Taylor is i
 disgrace to the convention, and an insult U
 the intelligence and virtue of the Atnerieu
 people.
 Mr. Fillmore is a good man, and wouk
 have been a thousand times better selectio*
 for President than Gen. Taylor.
 The Whig party ia basely betrayed*—aye
 sold to the southern slave driver; and i
 remains to be seen how Dtr the freemen of tbt
 north will rntify the bargain.
 For ourself, sink or swim, hat or die,’ wi
 are against the nomination might end mein
 heart and soul.- Lafayette Ini Journal.
 Parson Brownlow, of the Jooesbon
 (Tenn.) Whig, a warm partisan of Mr. Olsy
 published the following just before the Phils
 delphtt Convention;
 *lf General Taylor is nominated for tin
 i Presidency by all the Conventions that cm
 meet in this life, end if he is the last and oali
 candidate that ever the Whigs hsv« hetwam
 this time and the day of judgment, wt wil
 not support him or vote for him.
 Article i* the Washivoto* Union.—
 That previous to the nomtnauoe of Hr, Boa
 croft, -as Minister to Greet Britain, the mi—ini
 was offered by the PrettdeaC, fiaat Mr ex
 Prcstdenr Van Baron, and nhwqniiiiij u
 the Hop- John A. Dix
THE NORTH STAB.
ROCHESTER, JULY *l, 1849.
Pnici.
 We gave ia oar last Maher telsgraphir
 ioooudU of the r 1 appalling jam it* line
 ia Pam, as early as they coaid lave received
 then ia the eastern papers. The deep inter
 est which a taken ia the affair* of France hy
 reformer* in ibis country, sad tbroogboet the
 world, has indoeed ns to publish this week a
 more detailed accoent of tlna fearful strife.
 Could the players ef the friend# of freedom
 and humanity have availed, France might
 have escaped this most terrific and bloody
 baptism. Bat ho that taketh the sword shall
 perish by the sword, remains the law of the
 living God, and ia sore to execute itself. Far
 the sake of Freedom and Progress,we lament
 this sad result. Superficial men will charge
 its evils upon liberty and Democracy, just as
 tfie mat-practices of churches and professed
 ministers of the gospel are too often charged
 upon Christianity; and for a time the cause of
 righteous liberty, must bear up under a
 heavy load of reproach and infamy. Cal
 houn, and the whole group of American man
 stealers, will undoubtedly regard it as the
 consequence of s too broad assertion of human
 equality, and aa the folly of attempting to
 erect a Republican edifice without baring sla
 very for its corner-stone. But in answer, we
 say, God reigns, and will yet vindicate the
 right. He ia now teaching the world, by
 French example, the folly of injustice, op
 pression and wrong, and of relying upon the
 sword for that which can only be accomplished
 by the foolishness of preaching.
 Respecting the immediate eause of tlie in
 surrection, there seems to be considerable
 doubt. Some in France think it the work of
 foreign emisaries, who sought to overthrow
 older and the Government by corrupting the
 people with gold. This might be, to a cer
 tain extent, true but the real cause must be
 deeper doom than this supposition implies.—
 Wretched must be the lot, and dark the minds
 of those who could be bought for paltry gold
 to involve their country in a common anaichv
 and ruin. That designing and disappointed
 politicians have bad a hand in this bloody
 work, we have no doubt. Men who, foiled of
 their ambition by honorable means, have re
 sorted to this as the last expedient to accom
 plish those purposes—deeming it better to
 rule in hell than serve in heaven,” they have
 sought to gain their preference through the
 wild and wicked means of anarchy and
 bloodshed. It appears from highly intelligent
 sources, that this whole plotofhorrid destruc
 tion had been maturing for weeks in the na
 tional work-shops, and that the leaders
 and chiefs on the side of the insurrec
 tion, exercised as complete authority over
 their men as that exercised by the officers
 over the regular troops. This fact shows
 plainly that the event has been the result of
 no mere accident,but a long-determined, regu
 larly-organized and skilfully-contrived plan to
 subvert all order—that out of the wild chaos
 and fury, itsprojectoTsmight snatch the bloody
 reins of government.
 But while this may have been true to a cer
 tain extent, if the war-cry of the revolution
 ists means anything, the communists of Paris
 are chiefly responsible for this last confused
 scene of human slaughter. They have been
 the agents, if not the principals, in the con
 ccin,* and to them must attach the gloty or
 shame of the foul undertaking. Dark and
 gloomy as is the prospect, we will not despair
 of society in France. Even amid the wildest
 elements of revolution, and what are called
 the baser and more profligate sort, the prophet
 may scan certain rays of character which
 may kindle in his bosom a blaze of hope.—
 The people, however mistaken and deluded,
 evidently felt that they were fighting for their
 just rights. They regarded themselves de
 ceived and defrauded by the government, and
 whether correct or incorrect, they acted upon
 their belief. Two important lessons are here
 taught the statesmen first, that the people
 will not endure oppression and injustice when
 they believe the means in their power to throw
 it off; secoud, that however just and impar
 tial may be the laws and institutions of a
 country, there is absolutely no safety while
 the great mass of the people are ignorant and
 uneducated. Educate the people educate
 the people, for herein is the safety of society.
 The rest Uprising of the North*
 These are glorious days. The grand
 uprising of the North proves to be no cow
 ardly sham, to be easily demolished but is a
 granite reality. The Whig and Democratic
 parties have rotted in the middle, and are fast
 going to pieces, on the dashing waves of free
 expression. New York leads the radical
 Democracy, and Massachusetts, conscience
 Whiggery. Discussion goes through the com
 munity like a whirlwind through the stately
 forest. High above the common din may be
 heard the chosen watchword of Freedom's
 marshaled host, Down with the slave pow
 er!”—“No more slave territory!”—“No
 more slave extension!”— 44 No more slave
 Slates!”—•“ Slavery is s curse,” s dis
 grace,” 44 a blot,” 44 a monstrous system”—
 44 Fax* hex,” 44 Free soil,” 44 Free Terri
 tory,” 44 Free States.” While this storm is
 raging, slavery is entrenching itself behind
 the hoary battlements of the Constitution and
 Union, and is preparing for a desperate strug
 gle. The whole tone of the Southern press
 sod Southern statesmen, betrays the utmost
 alarm; and those who affect unconcern for the
 hie of their darling institution, do so on the
 principle that the boy whistled while passing
 through the borying ground. To limit sla
 very when it now is, if it does not ahohsh it,
 will at least fix upon h the nation's reproba
 tion. Should the North gain in thin contest,
 it will ho the first victory gained men the
 formation of ihe Government.
 The only danger which we apprehend to
 the North, in the spirit of compromise, (so
 called,) which always means, unjustly con
 ceding to wrong n huge half of what jootly
 belongs to right, for the asks ef penes and
 preserving the Union.
 CmygTiM t* Onoboaoa.— We perceive
 in the Syracuse pepers, a call signed hy «n
 one hundred Whigs, for n Convention of the
 Whigs of Onoodwn, 44 who am not an yet
 prepared to ground their mam as Whigs and
 vets for (sea. Taylor who are tppswd la
 the raamni ef Slavery over Ternary now
 trso, and wha prefer pnacrple* to am
 The Convention ia mbe held ee the Sid ait,
 sad will 4 Inks into eeaaiimtioa the pro
 priety of sanding dafofitsa to the Battle
 Convention.”
bos done aTaswh to retard An antMamry
 justly the bulwarks of Aaseriesa slavery, are
 just now enjoying a temporary repose, the
 wooes to which sari-slavery attention in at
 present directed, being ptiliiirf! rather than
 religious. They are not, however, to think
 there#ches forgotten. The anti-slavery ad
 vocate cannot forget, amfil the increasing
 wanes at preseat made with the ataw power,
 that the vital and aH-oompreheodutg oae, in
 with a pro-slavery eharch aad a death dog
 ministry. Them bodies are not just bow
 poasiag reooletiocw aad seoding forth argu
 ments is favor of slavery; they are sot en
 gaged hi preaching directly against tbs anti
 slavery movement; they are not no bodies
 taking more than a passive interest in the
 present straggle; bet as individuals, they are
 active especially in rapport of the bloodhound
 candidate. There are not a few of the lights
 of the church of this eity, who are the un
 blushing advocates of Gen. Taylor for the
 Presidency, and are doing everything in their
 power to ineream hi* pogobrity. We copy
 the following from the Portland Pleasure
 Boat, and command it to the bloodhound
 religionists of Rochester and elsewhere:
 44 Last second day morning, large sheets
 containing the following were pooled up at
 the corners of the streets in this eity. It
 contains too roach truth to be lost; but as
 Csss, the candidate of the other party, is in
 favor of war and slavery, we advise all who
 read it, to read Taylor and Cam instead of
 Z. Taylor. There is no difference in the
 parties-—both are as bad as they can be, and
 are supported by the church:
 GRAND RALLY.
 THE CHUBCH AT THE NORTH COMING UP TO
 THE SCrPORT, AND EXTENSION, AND PER
 PETUATION or slavery!
 The Church coming to the rescue of the
 slaveholders!
 The Church at the Norih rallying to sus
 tain and ratify the nomination of another
 slaveholder for the Presidency—of the war
 rior with his garments rolled in the blood of
 the murdered Mexicans—men, wfimen. and
 children!—the noble warrior who recom
 mended the purchase of bloodhounds from
 Cuba, to hunt the poor Seminoles from the
 everglades of Florida, to which they had fled
 from their burning homes and the pursuit of
 a merciless slavehunting foe!
 Yes, the Church is rallying to the support
 of Gen. Zachary Taylor. Come, then, fel
 low-citizens, with such noble Christians as
 Deacons Levi Cutter, William Swan, Royal
 Lincoln, Woodbury Storer, James Crie, and
 a host of lay brethren—come, all who delight
 in war, and in honoring the HERO who has
 successfully carried forward the most ruthless
 and diabolical war, as they alt avow, which
 ever disgraced humanity, to the glorious ter
 mination of the complete subjugation of a
 weak nation, and the robbery of half her
 territoiy Come, you lovers of robbery, and
 pillage, and murder, of oppression, of human
 chattelism, with all its attendant evils, rape,
 incest, adultery, the prohibition of the word
 of God to more than three millions of human
 beings—Come all, and join the Church and
 its officers in the support of Zachary Taylor
 for the office of President of the U. Stages.
 Don’t be cursed with loco-focoism any
 longer!
 The glorious Church, Without spot«or
 wrinkle, has baptised ZACHARY TAY
 LOR, the Slaveholding Warrior!
Misrule.
 The English Government taxes Americans
 two shillings on every letter that arrives in an
 English port —a gross act of fraud and injus
 lice, of which Americans rightly complain.—
 Whereupon the American Government send
 over anemisaaiy to negotiate an arrangement.
 Whether because of the rapacity of the Eng
 lish or the avarice of the American Execu
 tive, this negociation fails to accomplish its
 object. The English injustice and the Ame
 rican grumbling continue. But lo and be
 hold, the wisdom of Congress discovers a re
 medy—the notable one of taxing all English
 letters arriving in this country two shillings
 also. They cannot contrive any other method
 of remedying an injury, but the old and sav
 age one of retaliation. 44 Meet wrong with
 wrong, and thus prevent wrong,” is their
 mode of action. This new postage arrange
 ment is nothing more nor less than an atro
 cious and inexcusable' robbery. As far as the
 merchants in this country, having communica
 tion with England, are concerned, it is a
 matter of not much imports see. They can
 bear it, or defend themselves. But the poor
 emigrants who seek refuge in America from
 the misery and want of the old world, are
 deserving of our sympathy. How can they
 ever receive any intelligence of their friends
 and relatives, under such a system of grow
 extortion 1 Just think of it. Before s letter
 can leave an Engliab port, two shillings most
 be paid for the poatage. On its arrival in an
 American port, it is charged two shillings
 more; altogether, on the arrival of a letter
 thus far, the cost of postage amounts to uxty
 oiu cents. Sixty-ooe cents for a letter, when
 it has been demonstrated that five cents or
 even leas would be amply sufficient to pay all
 expenses, sad Rare a profit! Tkia ia a rob
 bery which must not and will not be tolera
 ted.—J. 0.
Lewis Harfoa.
 This laborer ia the Anti Slavery vineyard
 passed through Rochester a few days since ou
 his way to Massachusetts, in company with
 his family. Friend Hayden proposes to make
 his home ia the East, aad to make himself
 useful to the anti-slavery cause by circulating
 anti-slavery intelligence among the people.—
 He is authorized to aet as ageui sad obtain
 subscriber* for the North Star.
Tee North Sta*. —Wo are every day
 receiving letters, stating that the paper does
 not come to hand. If our friends would aw
 that their snbscn pttoa is renewed in good sew
 son, they would save themselves and as
 tro '»Me aad postage. We would remind our
 resAets more, that subscriptions qttff*
 •b—y fie paid ia advance. Nassea are iava
 riebly struck off the list nmnedoudy on the
 expiration ef the time npto which peyment ie
 made.
TO OOMUEBPONDENIB.
 J. A., Estsa, Ohio—A. P. 11. L. fowMr.
 Ihrab Fiiaiml, too lets fir 4m
 J. M., ffpmnu B. wired
 The pager wil he mat as
 C- P., New Lmdw.—Oe£md.
 W. 6. R, Gnfom, Ohi*, find foe torn ea
 foot page.
 R. 8. O. aad J. 8., Land** Thi
tki nktrfinMt
 UMMf the tosil of facdom m nki
 appwthiny celebration ooe of the grandest
 and fffwtha of soj ef«r held ui Wart*
 cm New York. The Committee of Anange
 i» ovmpoasl of mergetie btisHW— men,
 iniooatj defied 10 the object, and who ste
 determined that aothiag shall ho waotiog on
 their port.
 Come, friends, come from the country—
 eoase bv tns, tens, and hundreds, that we
 way hafl the day by thousands. Let every
 man wearing a sable him, aad every one har
 ing wtihia his bosom ooe five aad gtasroos
 potation, come of aad devote ooe day to
 the honor of holy freedom, aad do what be
 may towards advancing the cause of Emanci
 pation in our own land. In addition to Chas.
 L. Retnond, Henry Johnson, and Frederick
 Douglass, it is expected that Dr. Delany, as
 sistant editor of the North Star,will be among
 the speakers.
As Inquiry into the Nature of Hebrew Servitude.
 By rutasm Barron, M. D.
 A copy of this work has been sent as, ws
 suppose with the expectation that it sboald be
 noticed in the Star. Its desig%” says the
 writer, is to show that the seriptaiTes of the
 Old Testament do not sanction or tolerate in
 voluntary servitude, nor recognite the right
 of one person to hold property in another.”—
 The writer, so far as we are able to judge,
 from a cursory perusal, seems to be suceessfal
 in his conclusions. The effort will be inter
 esting to those who believe the law of Moses
 to be above the law of right. To ns, how
 ever, weare free to confess, it does not possess
 much interest. Could it be proved to a demon
 stration that Moses and the Hebrews practised
 aqd approved of slavery—slavery as hellish
 and abominable as that which is sanctioned by
 this Republic, it would not stir us one iota
 either in one direction or the other. All that
 we could gather from such a fact, would be,
 that Moses and tie Hebrews were bad men,
 devoid of every sense of moral right. We
 know full well that they could not have Divine
 authority for h. Fot the only God we recog
 nise, is that God who is always on the aide of
 right and justice, and opposed to wrong and
 oppression. There are many, however, who
 have more tender consciences than we can lay
 claim to; to them we recommend this
 pamphlet.
Slaves Retaken. —The Frederick cor
 respondent of the Baltimore Sun says:
 Three negro boys, belonging to a Mrs.
 jC/omtvell, near this city, who ran away
 from their mistress ten or twelve months
 since, were arrested in the Catocton moun
 tains yesterday, and have since been sold to a
 gentleman in Washington for 180.
lET’ Francis Jackson, President of the
 Massachusetts Anti-Slavery Society, passed
 through Rochester, in company with several
 members of his family, on a tour to Niagara
 Falls, on Fiiday last.
(Communications.
From our own Correspondent.
 London, June 23, 1848.
 Deaii Douclass,—- Europe is no quieter.
 To begin at home. Mitchell's conviction, as
 I before named, has been made the pretext
 for violent and tumultuous assemblies in many
 parts both of England and Ireland. They
 have however, been attended with the most
 insignificant results, except so far as they
 have had the effect of strengthening the hands
 of the executive. At present we are toler
 ably quiet. The parties of old and young
 Ireland are attempting to accomplish a fusion.
 There is, however, no probability of its being
 long successful. The O'Connells seem to
 have an intense objection to the physical force
 doctrines. Hume's motion for reform was
 brought on in the House of Commons, on the
 night of the SOtb. A lengthened debate was
 adjourned until Friday. Lord John, of course,
 it, but promised moderate reform.
 The parliament has amply supported the con
 duct of our government in the late Spanish
 question the consequence has been that the
 Spanish ambassador has le&lt;i for Madrid;
 what will be the upshot of this, no one knows.
 The French appear almost as uneasy under
 the republic, as beneath their inglorious mon
 archy. [The rest of our Correspondent's
 letter relating to France, is superseded by the
 more recent intelligence which will be foui&lt;d
 in another column.— Ed.]
 In Italy, many military operations have
 taken place. The Italian army has all along
 fought gallantly. Charles Albert has dis
 played personal courage, amounting to rash-!
 ness. The Austrian army is in full, though i
 slow retreat. Radetjski has behaved with,
 great cruelty to the Venetian towns on bis
 line of march. The lower provinces of the
 Austrian empire are in terrible confustoo.
 The danger of their entire swiwis is here-1
 by increasing. Tbs old question of race, 1
 never entirely st rest, is being again mooted, j
 A man ol considerable intelligence, with
 whom I 4ms recently conversing—one who,
 though a Frenchman by birth, has pretty,
 well surmounted his old national prejudices,
 without acquiring fresh ones, (and to whom
 the many passages of a long sod eventful
 career, have afforded numberless opportuni
 ties of examining the tendencies and aspira
 tions of moot nations of Christendom,) stated,
 that be considered it almost a certainty, that
 the Gear would not hesitate to take advantage
 of the decrepitude of Austria, by potting him
 self at the bead of the whole Sclavonic
 nations the latter, (including Bohemians,
 Hungarians, WaJWehtaiis, Moldavians, and
 their mullitndinns con/rcrie,) are for more
 anxious to be altogether quit d the Germans,
 thrni to eaeape monarchical rule. Should this
 take place, his swssiis of power will be is
 raWiahhle. The Germans have lost ground
 greatly in the Schleswig-Holstein affair.
 The Duses have the better cause, the better
 troops, and, best of all, the better fcskag.
 The Swedes have proffered their assistance
 le their brother Scandinavians; a Russian
 Grand Duke has been eagerly welcomed at
 Copenhagen. In Praams, the kiag is power-1
 Ism; the people do almost what they will;
 and to say rim truth, doing ns they have
 rreeoUydseo, doss am da them mash credit.
 in debate, is. in set**, AO
 a tmnftin sswtnhs in inferring so long fesir
 Psssrfrstssa. S. f. Q. B.
ter We publish, with the utmost pleasure,
 the following excellent letter. We ere well
 acquainted w ith the ertahhshmeot of which it
 speaks, and base been an eye witness of th«
 efforts made by ts philanthropic proprietors
 to protect the interests, improve the morals
 and elevate the cnaracter of the yoaths they
 have in their employment.
 Menu. Editors lf you think the sc
 companytng accoant of a workman’s holida]
 suitable ter insertion in your paper, perhaps ii
 would possess more interest in the eyes o
 some of your readers, if a slight sketch wen
 prefixed to it of the general principles or
 which the Establishment in question is con
 ducted—principles, which have been fount
 in this instance admirably adapted to promou
 alike, the interests of the Employer and tb&lt;
 well-being of the Employed, which if mort
 generally carried out, would doubtless d&lt;
 much toward the intellectual and moral ele
 ration of the working classes at large. Th&lt;
 Firm of J. D. Carr Co., of Carlisle, ii
 well known in every part of the civilizer
 world as at the bead of a Steam Biscuiti
 Manufactory; and within a smaller sphere, il
 is equally well known in Baking and milling
 departments. The average number of men
 and boys in their employ, Is about one bun*
 died—these they are anxious to see, not only
 good workmen, hut also good men and citi
 aens, and fee this end, no pains appear to be
 spared. They give them, by every means it
 their power, no see the deep interest they takt
 is their welfare, by frequently meeting wit!
 them both to suggest and listen to their sug
 gestures of improvements in their plans, ant
 by clearly showing them how completely theii
 ow'd interests axe involved in the observance
 of the rules adopted by their mutual consent
 Amongst these rules is one. which, perhaps
 more than any other, has tended to the com
 forts both of employers and men none bu
 those who totally abstain from the use of al
 intoxicating drinks are admitted into their littli
 community, and the penalty of an infringemen
 of this rule is immediate dismissal. A read
 ing room and library are provided for the rec
 ieation of their leisure hours, and an evening
 school for the more youthful them
 who would otherwise be debarred by thei
 circumstances from the inestimable blessing:
 of education. And we must not omit here tc
 remark, that during the past winter, a younj
 brother of J. D'. Carr’s, has generously devo
 ted several evenings every week to the in
 struction of such of the men as are inclined t&lt;
 improve themselves in writing and arithmetic
 and that this experiment was attended witl
 the most encouraging success.
 The young folks are also lured to the path
 of learning, by being permitted, at certai
 hours on every Sabbath, to assemble on th
 premises of their kind employer, at his swee
 country residence, a little distance from th&lt;
 city, where they are taught by the elder men
 and frequently joined by rheir master and hii
 friends, for reading or conversation. Unde
 the same hospitable roof, too, soirees havi
 been occasionally i: &lt;l, and have proved in
 teresting, instructive and amn&amp;iag opportu
 nities. After pat lulling of a *Mioutul provi
 sion, the -men deliver addressob vpdn various
 subjects connected with their ewn and their
 employer’s interest, whilst total abstinence,
 peace, self-improvement, and other impoitant
 themes, are not overlooked. There is one
 other circumstance connected with this estab
 lishment which we must not omit to mention,
 which is the excellent conveniences for bathing
 which the workmen have always at hand, the
 value and importance of which are too obvious
 to need comment. It will easily be believed,
 that all these provisions for their improvement
 and comfort have the effect of attaching the
 men warmly to their employers. Such is in
 deed the case, and there is no lack on their
 part of a due appreciation of the privileges
 they enjoy in the strength thus afforded them
 in the resistance of temptation to evil, and in
 the growth of all the highei impulses of their
 nature. If your readere incline to know what
 substitutes are found for the men for the idle
 diversions from which they are debarred, we
 beg their perusal of the following sketch of
 the Workmen B Holiday;
 THE WORKMEN’S HOLIDAY.
 The 6th of June was a day long looked
 forward to by the workmen engaged in the
 biscuit manufactory of the Carrs of Carlisle.
 It was the time appointed by their kind em
 ployers for the celebration of their annual fes
 tivity, and was, as usual, to be spent in the
 delightful and instructive recreation of travel
 ing and visiting distant places of beauty and
 interest. In previous tears they had been
 to the sea coast, up the’ east and west of the
 island; and one loog, bright day they had
 spent amongst the lakes and mountains of
 their own beautiful country —revelling in the
 wild loveliness which surrounds Windermere,
 the queen of the English lakes. But tins
 year a still greater treat was in store: by the
 magic aid of steam they were to cross the
 Scottish border, set foot on Scottish ground,
 ind explore the wonders and beauties of
 Scotland's renowned and romantic capital.
 No wonder, then, that for months past their
 hearts beat high with anticipation; no wonder
 if prospective visions of the first sight of that
 noble city, and of the delight of having one
 whole day to spend within it, came often vi
 vidly before their mental eye when busily en
 gaged w the duties of their every day life,
 jiving a fresh and joyful stimulus to their
 ndusuy, both for their own sakes and for the
 take of their kind friend who was blending
 heir happiness and interests with his own so
 ndiasoiubly and nobly. Well, the day dawned
 it last, bright and beautiful as heart could
 wish. The** sun shone fair on Carlisle wail,”
 m the ballad tells us it was wont to do in the
 &gt;ldeo time. But on a for other scene it looked
 ■hao has ever been cung in ballad or written
 m the page of history, they tell us indeed of
 mod* of men crossing the border sod penetra
 ting to the capital city of the sister land; but
 they tell us also of dashing steel, of waving
 Wnners, and hearts bnmtuli of hate and ardor
 Ibr revenge or conquest; and none of these
 iccompanied the peaceful but joyous steps of
 Mir bumble heroes, ss they inarched towards
 their place of rendexvou*. And we must be
 pardoned, if we here vesture to record our
 Mhef, that many will r»cognise in the objects
 ind sun of the huh; Uuo .4 woikaen whon*
 ve have just seen assomhied under the love
 beaming eye of their kind director, a truer and
 leepsr poetr and a ur i.igher moral oewuty,
 than the hmtted chivalry of fetmerda&gt;s, with
 ill its an called patriotism and glory. wOi he
 bond to possess, whan exposed to the scorch
 tog beams of the ana of Truth. But whilst
 we are thus moralising 00 the happy advance
 ment of the tones in which we live, we must
 sot forget that oar friends are already masses
 bled at the Beil way Sutioo, sweating, with
 urinous ayes, the yoking to of the iron horse.
 Seen that is dona, and sway rushes that carec
 H* 'ouf* wt Um tmm 7b&gt;d
 i rr**
 er in win 81X1 ipy|
 with traditionary tales of Mi st
Mood and violence—and past the eeenes of
 many a conflict in later times, between perse
 eating fury and covenanting leal—and, at
 length, after a ride of about four booia, they
 hailed with joy the hills and spires that told
 unquestionably whete the Queen of tbe North
 wae reigning in her superb and time-honored
 beauty. Once armed at their desired desti
 nation, and haring received a warm greeting
 from a little party of friends assembled at the
 station to welcome them, tbe whole company,
 under their escort, soon found their way
 through one of the noble and imposing streets
 of Edinburgh, to a spacious room which had
 been provided foe their accommodation, where
 a simple but excellent meal in perfect readi
 ness awaited them, to which employers, men
 and visitors sat down together with hearty
 good will on the one side and no lack of cour
 teous deference on the ether. This material
 part of the business having been disposed of,
 an intellectsa! treat was m store, m the form
 of a short address from that tiuo friend of the
 people, William Chambers, whose name, and
 that of his brother, need but to be mentioned
 to call up giateful feelings in every heart, for
 those blessings of cheapened literature by
 which they have been tbe means of so widely
 extending tbe light of knowledge through the
 palaces and cottages of our land. Those who
 »have entered into the spirit of the writings of
 these excellent men will readily believe, that
 on the occasion of which we are speaking,
 there was much to call forth their interest,
 and that the benevolent countenance of Wik
 liain Chambers glowed with animation, and 1
 kindness, as he rote to addieaa a body of that'
 class tbs whose moral and mental elevation'
 he has labored so earnestly. His woidsrwcre’
 such as might be expected to flour front a
 heart like his—words of cordial welcome to
 ihe strangers, and of congratulation, both to
 the “employers and the employed,” on the
 pleasantness of the scene be ore them. He
 then ggve a hasty outline of the history of the
 •city they were about to examine, since the
 period when it constituted only a few huts
 collected for defence around the rocky Idrtrcas
 to which it owes its Origin, reminding them of
 its increasing importance, till it became the
 seat of royalty, ami its. ancient and lofty
 houses, now the dwellings of the poorest
 classes, had re-echoed to the tread of all the
 nobility and beauty of Scotland's turbulent
 aristocracy. The names of the ill-fated
 Stuarts, and especially of her, around whose
 memory misfortune has cast such an inextin
 guishable halo, the beautiful Queen Mary—
 that of her stern adviser, Knox, and m»y
 j others, could not fail to be remembered lit
 .connection with the relirs ef past greatness
 to which the attention of the strangers was
 directed. The modem architectural beauties
 ol the city, too, were not forgotten, nor-a
 tribute neglected to be paid to the unrivaled
 natural position it occupies. Their kind friemk
 then adverted to the charge of times since
 far different reception would have been given
 to a body of visitors from “over the water,’*
 land to the happy termination which had long*
 been put to all hostilities and rivalrus betweert*
 the once hostile and jealous sister nations* of*
 hug land and Scotland. He concluded by
 repeating his woids of friendly welcome, and
 renewing an invitation previously given tc* ml)
 who inclined to pay a visit to his printing
 establishment, an invitation heartily responded
 to and accepted. A few words from J. D.
 Carr in acknowledgement of this kindness,
 i and a sentence or two of welcome frrm John
 W ighain, of Edinburgh, and ihe large party
 (broke up, to follow, in orderly but rheerful
 tram, the guiding steps that led 10 ihe afore-
 I said establishment. There was. as mjgha be
 expected, interest in ihe wonderfully
 rapid pr- cess which is the means of increasing
 so lastly the amount ol Inerature accessible
 to the working classes of the community; ard
 there was a beauiy beyond that of the mere
 mechanism in the busy engines which wero
 throwing up from Ihcir'steaming depths such
 plentiful dra ins of knowledge for the thirst
 ing minds of the people. After a thorough
 inspection of the various parts of this interest
 ing scene, and a hearty vote of thanks from
 the men, conveyed by one of their number t»
 the friend who had ihus bo kindly thrown it
 open to their view, the largo party prccecdcik
 in detatchmeuts through ihe ancient High
 Street up 1o the lofty Old Castle, which,
 seated on its throne of impeli&amp;hable rock,
 seems to frown defiance to the ravages of
 time, as it has hitherto done to those of war
 and siege. The Castle of Edinburgh has
 been so often described, that it is totally un
 necessary to do so here—and as to the magni
 ficent view of town and country, hill and val
 ley, bay and river, tower and monument, that
 lay stretched out beneath the delighted gaxe
 of those who stood on its ancient battlemenis
 —that is far too indescribably beautiful to be
 attempted; suffice it to say, that in the warm
 sunlight that was shed over it, it looked all
 that its most enthusiastic admirers could wish
 when pointing out to a stranger for the first
 time the beauties of their “own romantic'
 town. The Regalia of Scotland, which,
 enclosed w ithin iron gratings in a small turret
 of the Castle, lies in cold and solemn but glit
 tering state, for the admiration of visitors
 next engaged the atltemion of many, and"
 doubtless was productive of various salutarv’
 reflections on the instability of earthly great
 ness and the folly of those who had wadult
 through seas of blood, or shed their own, in
 pursuit of the idle baubles which were lying
 there before them, whose dazxling glare had
 been a false beacon to the men of the olden
 time, and had lured on so many to thq rocks
 and whirlpools of destruction. A fter leaving
 the Castle, the large party divided into smaller
 ones, aud, each headed by an experienced et
 cort, proceeded in various directions in search
 of whatever presented to their different tastes
 the deepest interest. Holyreod House the
 ancieut dwelling place of royalty, and the last
 regal roof that sheltered a Stuart in the land
 of his fathers, was, of course, an oWect of
 primary attraction to many, and they tred,
 with indescribable interest, the apartments of
 thw ancient edifice, which are so intimately
 connected wuh the roost stirring periods of
 Scottish history. The New Town,” with
 its magnificent monuments, its nobly built
 streets, its green and shaded gardens, and us
 row s of palace-Uke dwellings, was visited with
 V **ut t!**’ nobly fhe city looked,
 with the bright sunshine that streamed over
 it, alike in the eyes of its own inhabitants mi
 m those of tbe strangers who that day gated
 for the first time upon its unsurpassed beat
 ties. From Arthur's Seat, the Salisbury
 Crags and other elevations easily gained from
 the city, these charms were surveyed; and in
 the eveoing, when all met again, at the Raj|.
 road station, at the time appointed for their
 return, it was with glancing eyes, and with
 treasures of bright recollection with which
 gladden their own memories and their fireside
 circles for years to come.
 In conclusion, instead of apologising for so
 lengthened ladetail, permit us to sskT if any
 who have had the patience to peruse the for*
 going sketch of a simple plan of enjoyment
 E"***\ b #d of *«k»ngroe*». will dear
 that those in the employment of the Cairo of
 Carlisle are pcmleged alike ut being permit
 ted to share in such reining and elevating
 pleasures, sod m being detail'd from the de
 rnorsliauig influences of the mee ground and
 the ale house; aanu whether the noble experi
 ment ij not worth making more generally ard
 extensively then has ymlten the ease!
 H. M. P.
 o P* b,,d **t.—It is said that President
 rolk hat fitted up the largest aud handsomest
 nnusaiii Nashville for bis reception after the
 °f Having purchased the roan
 te*»« NaabvtUe in to be his permanent resi
 ™*Cp*!
 A Shut— The Washington eoreespooduat
 the Cbteuo Tribune, a journal which is
 opMed in Gen. Cass, says:
 Mr. Holmes, of South Carshna, wester
 toy made a speech in fovur of Get*. A*yloc.
 Booth Carolina members, nearly it not
 •By fopodiaie Cass. Thy lor ia their ohotee.
 Under hta administration, they think that the
 jnmlar institution will bf BMtrc secure,"
 •Sc a
