POETET.
 TO THE .NORTH STAR, AND ITS DIS
 TTNGITSHED EDITOR,
 if r*if s*r.
 Aiuf r, »»d shm* o'’ them dbs*rV| North Star?
 \V« watch for thy dawning. with joy, from •far;
 With «*Xn* we a Ul
 T„,y nVt»** oar d*kaew, Mid guide w uU day*
 IVwf*. deep be the sh*A»™ of §hmy'» night,
 la which miliums groping ia chain*, without
 tight,
 TVm, bright «ter oft entity and hope, ahalt aria*,
 Dispell,"! thi* midnight gloom, litotting aH eye*.
 And for thee, o«r dear brother, whnae onward career
 I, checked by no danger, ia stayed l y no (bar,
 Though mighty thy foea are, and urgent thy need,
 We charge time, look upward! we bid thee God
 speed'
 O t, on* thou brave champion of libertj -anee;
 l.doit Freedom*i (lag; Idol out Ttrannj’s Uai;
 “God and the right!” be thy constant war-cry
 Till Oppression's hold eraser, and Slavery die.
 It someth! it enmeth* that day so mwii blest!
 Sound ye victory’s trumpet, from cast onto west!
 To the north say, Give up;" “Keep nut bwck,”u
 thy south—
 Jfchefnk hath anti—Hear the words of his mouth.
 For the North S^ir.
 BADINAGE.
 What save the North!
 Stand by the rigltt
 E'dvics the West,
 With all our ssoijfit!**
 Start* np the South,
 Then will we fight!
 Hut for the slave,
 But for the chains,
 Mot blood shall lave,
 Our chivalric plains.
 But ala very we’ll have.
 There’* for your pains."
 “Hold!” crie* the Right,
 Where is your wit I
 E’er you cry cry, Fight,
 See where ’twill hit,—
 Sometime*, in hi* frigl*t.
 The biter gets bit!”
 Your power we defy,
 North, West, and the world!
 Ia our red stramps we’ll lie,
 W ith our Ixmncr unfuj led,
 While on mountain-top high,
 Shall our smoke wreath be curled.”
 DtctmUr, Is 4 7.
 From the Clarion of FrecJom.
 A PARODY.
 »T A lADT or ItEIV-COJfCORD.
 Dm a slave unto all I survey, j
 My toils surely none will dispute; f t
 From the centre all round to the see,
 I’m degraded from man to a brute.
 Ain I out of humanity's reach!
 Must I finish my journey a slave
 And ne’er hear the sweet music of speech.
 But start at the sound of a kuavet
 Oh, Slavery, where are those charms
 That nabobs have seen in thy face!
 Better hie from foul slavery’s arms,
 Than live in their shameful disgrace.
 The beast* of the forest are free;
 The fowls of tire air have their real;
 But the black man, degraded is I e,
 He’s starved and most srueUy press’d.
 Liberty, Friendship, and Love,
 Divinely bestowed upon mca:
 Liberty! gift from above,
 How glad would the slav* taste again!
 His sorrows he then might assuage.
 In pursuit of his pleasure and taste,—
 Might learn from the wisdom of age,
 And be free from the nabob’s disgrace.
 Religion! what mockery sore
 Is made of that most sacred word!
 The black man is whipped to a gore,
 While the pulpit resounds with “O Lord!”
 And is it the tyrant that cries,
 An calls on the name of our God!
 Oh, yes; and behold with surprise,
 The next moment his slave feels the rod.
 Ya white men, or rather, ye knaves,
 Convey to thi* desolate heart
 The wife of the down-trodden slave;
 Ye tyrants, you forced us apart!
 My daughters, 1 now of you crave;
 The sons that were pride of my fieart
 Arc suffering tin toils of the slave—
 Your tyranny forced us apait.
 Tire band of the master I feel,—
 He whips me and scourges me still;
 Wy labor he daily doth Meal,
 And sells me, his coffers to fill.
 When I think ofhis pride and his pelf.
 His cruel oppression and scorn,
 I weep, and I say to myself,
 I wish I had never been born!
 My master can lie down to rest—
 I labor and toil for him still:
 Alas! for the slave tliere’s no rest—
 The. tyrant oppresses him still!
 I know there’* a calm resting-place—
 It in the confines of the grave.
 I pity the white man’s disgrace;
 Oh, Father, protect me, a slave I
 From the Peneylvauia Freeman.
 SONG OF THE DYING SLAVE-GIRL.
 At*—“ Mu/jf in Haam ns.”
 I knew that white men scorned my race,
 But ten-iciest words thou gave to me;
 I knew that others’ love was fal*e,
 But never once I doubted tliee.
 Ail silently, like sweetest dreams,
 Thy lov* upon mv spirit stole.
 And rainbow hues and starry gleam*
 Were blent and woven round my soul.
 They said I was my father’s slave,
 But joyou* in hi* lialls I grew,
 And bond or free was nought to me,
 For thou wa« near, and seemed so true.
 By orange grove ami murmuring stream
 TTiy low deep tones ’twa* bl.ss to hsar,
 Aftd music, more divinely sweet,
 Has never fallen on mine ear."
 The driver’* stroke my long dream broke,
 Upon-shoi dark despairing day.
 When tli*mi beheki me i bricking soil,
 And roll and silent turn**#' tn#
 1 would have borne a thousand woe*,
 To tum on* ill aside from thee.
 And tfeath’* chill pangs had all l»een sweet.
 If thou in love didst look on me.
 For, where the timldae «Wk!y roll*,.
 Wilk IHunting brain alone I weep.
 The cold star* mock me from their twighu.
 And roller dream* disiti.b my sleep.
 Dwelled, Mxd, ra*t off bv thee.
 My hour nf re*t I know i* nigh;
 My heart is broken, Irnt i*s prater
 Is nuMii for lose e’en while I die!—*.
 a mrrrv thought
 TV nigh* mi mother of ihr Aiy,
 TV w inter &lt;«f the spring,
 Ami ever up.* .4.1 Ih,*^
 TV- ftwesi smm chug.
 •nittad She *Vtt4 Mw ■SwH.gtu larks.
 TWtwnfh ihr ——*-11 sen fell,
 fat Gad, wV&gt; VitHh eN V* Works,
 Urn Ml km h*pt# w«sh
the colored coirrEwnoPf.
 EEIKJAT TItS COMMITTEE 4 KA
 TIOIfAL Kill.
 Tub Committee on t N\\	ioral
 prefts and printing establishment r or
 the people of color,*' made the follow
 ing report on the importance and prac
 ticability of such an undertaking:
 It being admitted that the colored
 people of the United States arc
 pledged, before the world and in the
 [face of heaven, to struggle manfully
 for advancement in civil and social
 life, it is clear that our own efforts
 must mainly, if not entirely, produce
 such advancement. And if we are to
 advance by our own efforts, (under the
 divine blessing,) we must the
 I means which wtU direct such efforts to
 a successful issue.
 Of the means for the advancement
 of a people placed as we are, none are
 more available than a press. We
 struggle against opinions. Our war
 jfare lies in the field of thought. Glo
 rious struggle! Godlike warfare! In
 training our soldiers for the field, in
 marshalling our hosts for the fight, in
 leading the onset, and through the
 conflict, we need a printing press, be
 j cause a printing press is a vehicle o!
 |thought—is a ruler of opinions.
 Among ourselves we need a press
 that shall keep us steadily alive to out
 responsibilities, which shall constantly
 point out the principles which shoult
 j guide our conduct and our labors,
 i which shall cheer us from one end o
 the land to the other, by recording oui
 acts, our sufferings, our temporary
 defeats, and our steadily approaching
 triumph, or rather the triumph of tilt
 glorious truth “Human Equality,’
 whose servants and soldiers we are.
 If a press be not the most power
 ful means for our elevation, it is tin
 most immediately necessary. Educa
 'tion of the intellect, of the will, and o
 character, is, doubtless, a powerful—
 perhaps the most powerful means fo]
 our advancement yet a press ii
 needed to keep this very fact befort
 the whole people, in order that all may
 constantly and unitedly labor in this
 the right direction. It may be, tha
 some other means might seem evei
 more effectual than education evei
 then a press will be the more ncccs
 jsary, inasmuch as it will afford a fieh
 in which the relative importance of tin
 various means may be dtecussed ant
 settled in the hearing of the wholi
 people, and to the profit of all.
 “The first step which will mark on
 certain advancement as a people, wil
 be our Declaration of Independent
 from all aid except from God and oui
 own souls. This step can only b&lt;
 taken when the minds of our peoph
 are thoroughly convinced of iti neces
 sity and importance. And such con
 viction can only be produced througf
 a press, w'hich shall show that althougl
 wc have labored long and earnestly
 we have labored in too many direc
 tions and with too little conceit o
 acti &gt;n; and that we must, as one man
 bend our efforts in the one righ
 direction in order to advance.
 We need a press also as our ban
 ner on the outer wall, that all wh
 pass by may read why we struggle
 and what we struggle for. If we con
 i vince the world that we arc earnestf
 iand resolutely striving for our ow n ad
 jvancement, one half the battle wil
 already be won, because well am
 rightly begun. Our friends will tin
 !more willingly help us; our foes wil
 i quail because they have lost their bes
 allies—our own inertness, carelessness
 strifes, and dependence upon others
 And there is no way, except through
 j press—a national press—that w r e cai
 tell the world of our position in th&lt;
 l path of human progress.
 Let there be, then, in these Unitei
 I States, a printing press, a copiou
 supply of type, a full and complete
 establishment, wholly controlled b;
 colored men; let the thinking writing
 man, the compositors, pressmen, prin
 iters’ help—all, all, be men of color
 then let there come from said establish
 jment a weekly periodical and a quar
 iterly periodical, edited as w r ell a
 printed by colored men; let this esta
 blishment be so well endowed as to bi
 beyond the chances of temporary pa
 tronage; and then there will be a fixei
 fact, a rallying point, towards whicl
 the strong and the weak amongst u
 would look with confidence and hope
 from which would flow r a steady strean
 of comfort and exhortation to the wear
 stragglers, and of burning rebuke am
 overwhelming argument upon thos
 who dare impede our way.
 The time was when a great states
 man exclaimed, Give me the song
 making of a people, and I w ill rul
 that people.’ That time has passei
 away from our land, wherein the rea
 son of the people must be assnultei
 and overcome. This can only be dom
 through the press. We have felt, am
 bitterly, the weight of odium and ma
 lignity wrought upon us by one or tw&lt;
 prominent presses in this land w&lt;
 have felt also the favorable feelinj
 wrought in our behalf by the anti
 slavery press, llut the amount of tin
 hatred against us has been conven
 tional antipathy; and of the favorabl.
 feeling, has been human sympathy
 Our friends sorrow with us, because
 they say, we are unfortunate Wi
 must batter down those antipathies; wi
 roust command something manlier tlmi
 spmpathies. Wc must command tin
 respect and admiration due men, who
 against fearful odds, are struggling
 |steadfastly for their rights. This cat
 f 1 A I p
 Di' pivod til OUi
 j own. It is needless to support thest
 views with a glance at what the pres;
 has done for the down-trodden
 men; let us rather look forward will
 the determination of accomplishing
 through this engine, an achievement
 more glorious than any yet accom
 plished. We lead the forlorn hope Oi
 human equality; let us tell of its on
 slaught on the battlements of hate ant'
 caste; let us record its triumph in a
 press of our own.
 In making these remarks, your Com
 mittee do not Ibrget or underrate th«
 good service done by the newspapers
 which lime hern, or arc now, &lt;iil«&lt;
 and published by our colored brethren
 We are deeply aim- to the talent, th&lt;
 rnergy, and p nu %ertmee, whi&lt; h ti.«..
 liaprr* manifest «&gt;n the part of their sell
 *rrll&lt; mg conductors; and aa th* pro
 •rtetura art p«wr, thw pap* re haw
&gt;ecn jeoparded or slopped for the vast
 t&gt;f capital. Tbe hiatory of our new*-
 papera is tbe strongest argument in
 favor of tbe establishment of a press.
 I'bcM papers abundantly prove, that
 are have all the talent and industry
 requisite to conduct a paper such as we
 need; and they prove also, that among
 500,000 free people of color, no one
 man is yet set apart with a competence
 for the purpose o! advocating with the
 pen our cause and the cause of our
 brethren in chains. It is an imposi
 tion upon the noble-minded colored
 editors; it is a Übel upon us, as a free
 and thinking people, that we have
 hitherto made no cfl’ort to establish a
 press on a foundation so bread and
 national that it may support one
 literary man of color and an office of
 colored compositors.
 The importance and necessity of a
 National Press, your Committee trust,
 are abundantly manifest.
 The following plan, adopted by the
 Committee cf seven, appointed by the
 Convention with full power, is in the
 place of the propositions proposed by
 the Committee of three:
 Ist. There shall be an Executive of eleven
 pernm**, to Ik: denominated, The Executive
 Committee on the National Press for the I r:t
 Colored People of the United States, viz:
 2d. Massrn h i isctts —Leonard ('ollms, J a me;
 Mars; Cmn^thut —ArnosG. Beman, Jama
 W. C. Pennington; Kentucky —Andrew Jack
 sort; Sew York —J. McCune Smith, Chas
 13. Ray, Alex. Crummell; JVetc Jersey —E
 P. Rogers; Pennsylvania —Andrew Purnell
 George B. Vach«n; of which Commute*
 James McCune Smith, of New York, shal
 be Chairman, and Amos G. Beman, of Con
 nccticut, Secretary.
 3d. The members of this Committee resid
 ing in the city of New York, shall be a Fi
 naueial Committee, who shall dep*«sit, in trus
 for the Executive Committee, in the Nev
 York Seaman*B Bank for Savings*,'’ all th&lt;
 funds received by them from the Agents.
 4th. No disposition shall be nude of th
 funds bv any less than a two-thirds majority
 1 of the whole Committee.
 sth. The Committee shall hold stated meet
 ings once in six months, and shall then j ub
 lisli an account of their proceedings, tin
 receipts, and from whom all sums arc sent t
 them by the Agents.
 Cth. The Rev. J. W. C. Pennington, o
 Connecticut, shall be the Foreign Agent o
 the National Press; and the Agents sha!
 always be ex-officio members of the Com
 raittee,
 7th. The remuneration cf the Horn" agen
 shall be twenty per cent.; of the Foreig;
 agent thirty percent., on eojlcctions made.
 Bth. The meetings of the Committee sha]
 take place in the city of New York.
 i 9th. The Agents shall report and remit t
 the Committee, at least once a month fur th
 Home, and oacc in two months for the Foi
 eign agent.
 10th. Members of the Committee, from an
 two States, may call an extra meeting there
 of by giving the chairman and secretary thirl
 1 day's’ notice.
 Respectfully submitted,
 J. McCUNE SMITH,
 G. B. WILSON,
 WM. H. TOPP.

 REPORT OF THE COMMITTEE O.N
 ABOLITION.
 The committee appointed to draft i
 report respecting the best means o
 abolishing slavery and destroying cash
 in the United States, beg leave mos
 respectfully to report: That they hav&lt;
 had the important subjects referred t&lt;
 them under consideration, and havi
 carefully endeavored to examine al
 their points and bearings to the best c
 their ability; and from every view the
 have been able to take, they have ar
 rived at the conclusion that the bes
 means of abolishing slavery is the pro
 clamation of truth, and that the bes
 means of destroying caste- is the men
 J tal, moral and industrial improvemen
 of our people.
 First, as respects slavery: You
 committee find this monstrous crime
 this stupendous iniquity, closely inter
 woven with all the great interests
 institutions and organizations of th
 i country; pervading and influencinj
 every class and grade of society, sc
 curing their support, obtaining thei
 approbation, and commanding thei
 homage. Availing itself of the advan
 tage which age gives to crime, it ha
 perverted the judgment, blunted th
 moral sense, blasted the sympathies
 and created in the great mass, th
 overwhelming majority of the people,—
 a moral sentiment altogether favorabl
 to its own character and its own con
 tinuance. Press and pulpit are aliki
 prostituted, and made to serve the en&lt;
 of this infernal institution. The powe
 j of the government, and the sanctity c
 religion, church and state, arc joine&lt;
 with the guilty oppressor against th
 oppressed; and the voice of this grea
 nation is thundering in the ears of ou
 enslaved countrymen the terrible fiat
 You shall be slaves, or die l The slav
 is in the minority, a small minority; th
 oppressors are an overwhelming ma
 jority. The oppressed are three mil
 lions; their oppressors are seventeei
 millions. The one is weak; the othe
 is strong. The one is without arms
 without means of concert, and withou
 government; the other possesses ever
 advantage in these respects; and th'
 deadly aim of their million musketry
 and loud-mouthed cannon, tells tin
 down-trodden slave, in unmistakeabb
 language, he must be a slave or die. Ij
 these circumstances, your committe&lt;
 are called upon to report as to the bes
 means of abolishing slavery. Am
 without pretending to discuss all th&lt;
 ways which have been suggested fron
 time to time by various parties and fac
 tions,—though, did time permit,
 would gladly do so, —they beg at one*
 to state their entire disapprobation o]
 any plan of emancipation involving i
 r ft t i j 4 f r
 A t-OUI 4 UlvrOiiOlit U. I I*4U
 our condition before us, it is impossible
 for us to contemplate any appeal to the
 slave to take vengeance on his guilt*
 master, but w ith the utmost reprobation
 Your committee regard any counsel o!
 this sort as the perfection of folly,
 suicidal in the extreme, and aboininabh
 w icked. We should utterly frow n dowi
 and wholly discountenance any attempt
 to lead our people to confide in brute
 force as a reformatory instrumentality
 AH argument pat forth in favor of in
 I'urrr ctiofi and bloodshed, however wcl.
 intended, is either the result of an un
 pardonable impatience or an atheistic
 w ant of faith in the power of ti uth aa t
 means of regenerating and reforming
 the wot Id Again repeat, let u»
 cl our faces again* all Mueh absurd
 •inn*ailing, dsagereu* and miarhirvoui
 ating*. emanating from what sou ret
 thsymay Tba t mea af &lt;j«d, and si
common km, equally point out a
 more excellent we/, and that we/ u a
 faithful, earnest and persevering en
 forcement of the great principles ol
 justice and morality, religion and hu
 inanity. These are the on!/ invincible
 and infallible means within our reach
 with which to overthrow this tou! sys
 tem of blood and ruin. Your committes
 decin it susceptible of the clearest dem
 onstration, that slaver/ exists in this
 country, because the people of this
 country will its existence. And they
 deem it equally clear, that no system 01
 institution can exist for an hour againsl
 the earnestly expressed WILL of the
 people. It were quite easy to bring ti
 the support of the foregoing proposition
 powerful and conclusive illustration*
 from the history of reform in a!i ages
 aud especially in our own. Put thi
 palpable truths of the propositions, a&lt;
 well as the familiarity of the facts illus
 trating them, entirely obviate such i
 necessity.
 Our age is an age of great discovc
 j ries; and one of the greatest is tha;
 which revealed that this world is to b&lt;
 ruled, shaped and guided by the mar
 relous might of mind. The human voici
 must supersede the roar of cannon
 Tiuth alone is the legitimate antidoti
 of fa’sehcod.» Liberty is always sulfi
 cient to grapple with tyranny. Frei
 speech, free discussion, peacelul
 tion—the foolishness of preaching these
 under God, will subvert this giant crime
 and send it reeling to its grave, os i
 smitten by a voice from the throne o
 God. Slavery exists because it is pop
 ular. It will cease to exist when it i:
 made unpopular. Whatever, therefore
 tends to make slavery unpopular, tend
 to its destrhetion. I his every slave
 holder knows full well, and hence hi
 opposition to all discussion on the sub
 ject. It is an evidence of intense feel
 ing of alarm, when John C. Caihoui
 calls upon the North to put down wha
 i he is pleased to term “this plunderin'
 agitation.” Let u.s give the slavebolde
 wiiat he most dislJcVs. Let us expos
 his crimes and hi* foul abominations
 He is reputable, and must be mad
 disreputable. He must be a
 a moral leper—shunned as a loathsom
 wretch—outlawed from Christian com
 munion, and from social respectabilit
 —an enemy of God and man, to b
 i execrated by the coummuuity till h
 shall repent ol his foul crimes, and giv
 I proof of his sincerity by breaking ever
 J chain and letting the oppressed go free
 Let us invoke the press and appeal t
 the pulpit to deal out the righteous dc
 nunciations ol heaven against oppres
 sion, fraud and wrong; and the desir
 of ou hearts will soon be given us i
 the triumph of liberty throughout a
 the land.
 As to the second topic upon whic
 the committee have been instructed t
 report, tne committee think the subjec
 worthy of a far wider range of discu-
 I sion than the limited time at presei:
 j allotted to them will allow. The inn
 i portance of the subject, the peculiu
 position of our people, the variety t
 interests involved with questions grow
 ing out of it, all serve to make thi
 subject one ot great complexity us wc!
 as solemn intcre.-t.
 Your committee would therefore re
 spectfully recommend the appointmer
 of a committee of one, whose duty i
 shall be to draft a full report on thi
 subject, and report at the next Nations
 Convention.
 Your committee would further re
 commend the adoption of the following
 resolutions as embodying the sentiment
 of the foregoing report:
 Resolved, That our only hope fo
 peaceful emancipation in this land i
 based on a firm, devoted and unccas'n,
 assertion of oi* rights, and a full, fre
 and determined exposure of our multi
 plied wr &gt;ngs.
 Resolved, That, in the language c
 inspired there shall be n
 peace to the wicked, and that this guilt
 nation shall have no peace, and that w
 will do all that we can to agitate
 agitate!! AGITATEtH-till our right
 are restored, and our brethren are re
 deemed from their cruel chains.
 All of which is respectfully submit
 ted.
 Frederick Douglass,
 Alexander Crummell,
 John Lyle,
 Thos. Van Rensselaer.
 REPUBLIC OF LIBERIA.
 DECLARATION OF INDEPENDENCE.
 We, the representatives of the peo
 pie of the commonwealth of Liberia, ii
 convention assembled, invested with au
 thority for foiming a new’ government
 relying upon the aid and protection o
 the great Arbiter of human events, d&gt;
 hereby, in the name and on behalf o
 the people of tins commonwealth, pub
 lish and declare the said comm nwealtl
 a free, sovereign and independent
 state, by the name and title of tin
 Republic of Liberia.
 While announcing to the nations o
 the world the wew position which th&lt;
 people of this Republic have felt them
 selves called upon to assume, courtesi
 to their opinions seems to demand t
 brief accompanying statement of lh(
 causes which induced them, first tr
 expatriate themselves from the land o
 their nativity, and to form settlements
 on this barbarous coast, and n &gt;w V
 organize their government by the as
 sumption of a sovereign and indepen
 dent character. Therefore we respect-
 I fully ask their attention to the following
 facts:
 e recognize in all men certain
 i .u.. _
 these are life, liberty, and the right to
 acquire, possess, enjoy and defend pro
 perty. Ry the practice and consent ol
 men in all ages, some system or fi-rtn
 of government is proven to be neces
 sary to exercise, enjoy and secure these
 rights; and every people has a right to
 institute a government and to choose
 and adopt that system or form of it,
 which, in their opinion, will most effec
 tually acc nij le-b these objects, and
 secure their happiness, which does not
 interfere with the just rights of others.
 The right, therefore, to institute govern
 ment, and all the power* necessary to
 conduct it, *n inalienable right, and
 cannot he restated without the gruaarst
 injustice.
 We, the people of the Republic of
 Liberia, were original!) the inhabitants
 «f tha United htat «t* uf North A marts a.
 Ik some parts of that eowatrjr,
were debarred by law from aB tb*
 rights and privileges of men; in other
 parts, public sentiment, more powerful,
 than law, frowned us down.
 We were everywhere shut out from
 all civil office.
 We were excluded frem all partici
 pation ia the government.
 W*e were taxed without our consent. 1
 We were compelled to contribute to!
 the resources of a country which gave
 us no protection.
 We were made a separate and dis
 tinct class, and against us every ave-:
 nue to improvement was effectually
 closed. Strangets from all lands, of a
 color different from ours, were preferred
 before us.
 We uttered our complaints, but they
 were unattended to, or only met by
 I alleging the peculiar institutions of the
 country.
 All hope of a favorable change in
 our country was thus wholly extin
 j guished in cur bosoms, and wc locked
 with anxiety abn ad tor some asylum
 from the deep degradation.
 The Western coast of Africa was
 the place selected by American btnev
 olence and philanthropy, for our future
 home. Removed beyond those influ
 i ences which depressed us in our native
 land, it was hoped we would be enabled
 i to enjoy those rights and privileges,
 and exercise aud improve those laeul
 tics which the God of nature has given
 us in common with the rest of man
 kind'
 Under the auspices of the American
 I Colonization Society, we established
 ourselves here, on land acquired by
 purchase from the lords of the soil.
 In an original compact with this So
 cietv, we, tor impoitant reasons, dele
 gated to it ceitain political poweis;
 j while this institution stipulated that
 whenever the people should become
 i capable of conducting tne government,
 or whenever the people should desire
 it, this institution would resign the
 deleted power, peaceably withdraw
 its sftpervisi n», and leave the people to
 the government of themselves.
 Under the auspices and guidance oi
 this institution, which has nobly and in
 j perfect faith redeemed its pledges to
 the people, we have grpwn and pros
 peied.
 From time to time, our number has
 been increased by emigration from
 America, and by accessions fr m na
 tive tribes; and fr im time to time, as
 ci cumstanccs required it, we have ex
 tended our borders by the acquisition
 1 of land by honorable pu.chase frou
 J the natives of the country.
 As our territory has extended, anri
 our population increased, our coin-
 I merce has also increased. The flags
 of most of the civilized nations of the
 earth float! in our harbors, and theii
 merchants are opening an honorabh
 t and profitable trade. Until recently
 these visits have been of a uniformly
 t harmonious character, but as they hav&lt;
 I become more frequent, and to mori
 numerous points of our extending coast
 questions have a:isen, which it is sup
 posed can be adjusted only by agree
 nient between sovereign powers.
 I For years past, the American Colo
 nization Society has virtually withdraw n
 from all direct and active pait in the
 administration of the government, ex-
 I I cept in the appointment of the Gover
 nor, who is also a colonist, for the
 I apparent purpose of testing the ability
 of the people to conduct the affairs oi
 government, and no complaint of crude
 f legislation, nor of mi.-management, noi
 of mal-adiniiiistration, has yet beer
 heard.
 In view of these facts, this institu
 tion, the American Colonization Soci
 ety, with that good faith which ha
 uniformly marked all its dealings with
 us, did, by a set of resolutions, in Jan
 ’i uary, in the year of our Lord one
 thousand eight hundred and forty-six,
 dissolve ail political connection with
 the people of this Republic, return the
 power with which it was delegated,
 and left the people to the government
 i of themselves.
 The people of the Republic of Libe-
 V ria, then, are of right, and in fact, a
 fiee, sovereign and independent State,
 possessed of all the rights, powers and
 functions of government.
 In assuming the momentous respon
 abilities of the position they have
 taken, the people of this Republic feel
 justified by the necessities of the case,
 i and with this conviction they throw
 themselves with confidence upon the
 cand.d consideration of the civilized
 world.
 Liberia is not the offspring of grasp
 ing ambition, nor the tool of avaricious
 speculation.
 C No desire for territorial aggrandize
 went brought us to these shores; nor
 P do we believe so sordid a motive en
 tered into the high considerations ol
 th se who aided us in providing this
 asylum.
 Liberia is an asylum from the most
 grinding oppression.
 In coming to the shores of Africa,
 we indulged the pleasing hope that wc
 would be permitted to exercise and im
 prove those faculties which impart to
 man his dignity; to nourish in our
 hearts the flame of honorable ambition;
 to cherish and indulge those aspirations
 which a beneficent Creator had im
 planted in every human heart; and to
 evince to all who despi-e, ridicule and
 oppress our race, that we possess with
 them a common nature, are with them
 susceptible of equal refinement, and
 capable of equal advancement in all
 that adorns and dignifies man.
 We were animated with the hope,
 that here wc should be st liberty' to
 train up our children in the way they
 should go; to inspire them with the
 flame of a lofty philanthropy, and to
 form strong within them the principles
 of humanity, virtue and religion.
 Among the strongest motives to
 leave our native land—to abandon for
 ever the scenes of our childhood, and
 to sever the iws» endeared connexions,
 was the desire fi r a retreat where, free
 from the agitations of fear and moles
 tation, we could, in composure and
 security, approach in worship the God
 of our father*
 Thus far our highest hopes hnvs
 been realised.
 Liberia is already the happy home of
 thousands, who were once the doomed
 tut Hits of eppreaeton, and if tell unmo
 lested to go on with her natwtal and
 i spontaneous growth; if her movements
 be left faee from the pereiysmg in
trigues of jealous ambition and unscru- 1
 puloua avarice, she trill throw open a J
 wider and yet a wider door for thous
 ands, who are now looking with an
 anxious eye for some land ot rest.
 Our couits of justice are open equally
 to the stranger and the citizen for the
 redress of grievances, for the remedy
 of injuries, and for the punishment ol
 crime.
 Our numerous and well attended
 schools attest our effoits and our desire
 for the improvement of our children.
 Our churches for the worship of our
 Creator, everywhere to be seen, bear
 testimony to our piety, and to our ac
 knowledgment i f His Providence.
 The native African, bowii.g d wn
 with us before the altar of the liviivg
 God, declare that from us, feeble as
 wc aie, the light of Christianity has
 g ne forth, winle upon that curse o*
 curses, the slave trade, a deadly blight
 has fallen, as far as cur influence ex
 tends.
 Therefore, in the name of humanity,;
 and viitue, and religion, in the name
 of the g;eat God, our common Ci tutor
 and our common judge, we appeal to
 the nations of Christendom, and ear
 nestly and respectfully ask ot them that
 they will regard us with the sympathy
 and friendly consideration to which the
 peculiarities of our condition entitle us,
 and to extend to us that comity which
 marks the friendly intercourse of civil-,
 ized and independent communities.
 Fr&gt;m die New York A. f .v.*cate nil GuarJiun.
 A STANDARD-HEARER HAS
 FALLEN.
 A man of God, fouail faithful to his trust,
 As Go ’s smbassaiior, !mt yt*ttrrioy
 Was standing at his p*.*!, and wort s cf truth
 Frll from his lips with solemn earnestness,
 As from a dymg man to dying men. 1
 To-duy those ten let tune* ate l-.uslie I in death!
 The love J, the the giftc speaks no moie.
 ttis lyre is tuned in other wot I s than tins;
 His earthly toils all left to other han Is.
 The ft ten iless and oppressed hare I st a friend,
 Pcf.-tni in all its f rms lias suffered Las.
 V, tut no firmer a .vacate e’er knew,
 Her Weeding cause has few such tricn Is to lose—
 WA' ftom the saetc i uh.u shall aiise,
 j T till the breach, and utter all the law.”
 From a communication received fr m
 a friend in Poughkeepsie, dated Nov.
 i 23d, we copy the foil wing extract:
 “I presume before this
 v u have received the sad news of the
 death of that truly devoted friend of the
 cause of moral purity, Rev. Charles
 Van Loon. You will, I know', pa’don
 me for intruding so much on your time,
 hut I felt const!ained to give vent to
 mv full heart, in penning a few lines
 relative to the departure of one wb si*
 loss is so deeply felt by this community,
 and bv ethers. He was taken last
 Sabbath, just before the time for even
 inrr service, and died about 12 o'clock
 the same night. He preached in hi?
 usual impressive manner, on Sabbat!
 morning, from the text, 4 1 am noi
 alone, for the Father is w ith me/ It
 his closing remark upon death, he sail!
 the Christian was not alone. Hark,’
 said he, what voice is that I hear? It
 is the receding voice of the watchman
 ’(just before the morn, saying, All’s
 j well, all ’s well. Oh, I felt as I hr Id
 his cold hand while being paralyzed by
 l the chill of death, and looked upon that
 i beautiful face as the change of death
 was passing over it, if those lips could
 I speak, they would say, ‘All’s well;’
 but that was not permitted: he was
 j speechless from the time he was taken
 .j until the last, lie was taken with
 paralysis, occasioned by disease of the
 heart, but breathed his last calmly,
 without a struggle, so vve could hardly
 believe he had gone. He was to have
 preached in the evening from the text,
 We all d i fade as a leaf,’ and said, as
 the congregation were about leaving,
 ‘Remember, my friends, the withered
 leaf will preach to you this evening.’
 Oh, it seemed prophetic; for how cm-
 I phatically it did preach.
 “But his work was done, and well
 done. There was no man that would
 so fearlessly speak the whole counsel
 of God, and reprove sin, all sin, as he.
 The people of this village, can bear
 testimony to that. I ever felt satisfied
 in sitting under his ministry, that I was
 listening to one who made no compro
 mises, and who would do his dutv, rc
 gardlc.-s of consequences. He thought
 not a moment about worldly expediency,
 but when he heard the voice of his Mas
 ter saying, ‘This is the way; walk ye
 in it,’ he conferred not with flesh and
 blood, hut went forward. The oppresed,
 the fallen and exposed of every class,
 have lost a friend indeed. Oh, that we
 may be anew consecrated to that work
 j to which he was so devoted.
 Rev. H. G. Ludlow, in an affecting
 f manner, pronounced an eulogy upon
 him as a man and a Christian, and such
 an one as I never heard before. He
 said he 4 was a nobleman in every sense
 of the word; he was ttuly a holy man.
 Never did I know a man like Charles
 Van Loon. May his spirit fall on us
 all.’ He was so affected that he could
 hardly proceed.
 “Mr. Waldo feels his loss deeply;
 they sympathized with each other in
 the moral reforms of the day, and were
 like brothers. While lie gazed upon
 that lovely countenance, cold in death,
 it seemed as if his heart would break.
 \Y e never shall look upon his bke
 again, nor can his pulpit be filled by
 another like h m. You w ill excuse my
 saying so much, but you know not how
 we I jved him. His poor, alllictcd
 widow is almort heart-broken, and a
 wide circle of bereaved friends will
 deeply mourn their loss.’* r. w.
 It will be recollected that our de
 parted brother was one of the speakers
 who addressed our late meeting at
 •vhrt.-r. j i
 t w Kbuvi.Ut
 ren expected ere this in our paper.
 I he Uriel notes taken of it would Itaxe
 &gt;etn given with the procei dings of the
 meeting but for the fact that we relied
 on a personal promise receivi d, that
 the address should he furnished entire
 for our pages. We had anticipated in
 reception, and feared that illness cans# d
 the delay, up to the receipt of the above
 painful announcement. Thu address
 contained a better, more conclusive
 argumi nt tn favor of legal enactments
 for the suppression of vice, than any
 w« have yet beard, and appeal* d most
 persua-ively to the ©oiMwiences of the
 j leg is 111 ova, several of wb&lt;m pr*»v
 -j Wentially present to bear if. The claims
 in Hm aeveral depail
 monm w*n pleaded with tbc earnest
 ttaaa ad mm Hbui words were bat the
 m-rnm- lb* heart, and tbe
 tkmmi tpml I* ib* friends amut to
haU on their way, taking encourage
 ment from the indications of
 and the promises of God, would not
 probably .have been couched in strong
 terms, had the speaker been fully a»ire
 that he was speaking to us a&lt; a n asso
 ciation f r the last time.
 Beloved ft tends of moral puritv
 the solemn assembly, in the
 circle, wc shall hear his voice no more
 With the friends of tempi ranee, and t b*
 friends of the slave, we may w’tU w#
 tbe badge of sorrow. More cause
 have we than they, for cur efficient
 advocates are fewer among Ike teach
 trs in Israel. The dear departed w a
 not only a fa tiiful champim in the
 enu-c, hut a brother in adveisity. \V C
 well remember h:s woids of encourage
 ment ar.d sympathy, when the trial h&lt; ur
 was darkest. “Leam,” said he,
 sail complacently upon troubled waters
 know ii g that the Lord of the stun*
 above tuemr” and once and again, by
 precept aud example, lia9 he b;d u*
 to trend the thorns down,” ar.d pi css
 onward.
 We cannot contemplate his early
 exit without deep emotion; and yet wc
 rejoice that he has gained the bliss of
 raven, and that he uas so Jong fpared
 to do go d.
 Are wo not admonished cn c?rry
 hand by the voice of suddi n death
 Many, during the past year, who, t.c
 human view, cow’d ill Be sparru rr&lt;
 their posts of labor, have nly
 obeyed the summons to depart henn-
 Who among the living shnll he next to*
 fall Who of us, in view ot the coinim*
 shaft, would be ready to re.-pi nd wab
 sweet composure, “My Master’s time
 is mine?”
 AN UTRACTr
 There is a heresy—a most death
 dealing heresy—p;e\alei,t among huh
 white and colored people in this land,
 in regard to the ahclitirn ot slavery.
 It may be best expressed in ihe la.i
 i.uage&lt;fits own choice, to w it: Ma
 very will he abi d just when the
 Loid shall will its ab&lt; litien.” Hat
 white persons, csjecially j.r&lt;— laviu
 mi isters, and h’ p&lt; critical 1 rcfois of
 I)ivin ty, should use this miserable cart,
 does not excite my surprise as much as
 mv i‘idi_jns.t oi; but t at c&lt; lore dpr tsr r.s
 sh iild beguiled aud lulled ini a stiite
 ofinuiflerencc atroul ihci r ghtsoi su h
 a plea, fills me with umi i. g;ed m ititi
 cation. It is a delusion and a snare,
 :t think that Almighty d will undir
 t ta’ce for us any Isrther than we under
 take lor ourselves. His w&lt; rk is dime;
 ours al ne remains to be done.
 G d’s work, is as ctaiphte m the
 nr &gt;ral and intellectual elements of ena
 ction as it is in tbe physical works of
 creati *n, and we hfive as much right to
 expect that he will loake the coin to
 grow and give us an abundant harvest,
 vvithoat efi&lt;&gt;rt on our pait, as to expect
 that we shall he a free and happy peo
 ple, without effort on our part. It there
 he one thing in i ur pet pie which. I
 abominate more than another, it is th« ir
 ever lasting praying for bit ssings w hi&lt; b
 they arc unwilling to lab r Ibr. I ir
 member, when a slave, I used to piay
 that the Lord would give me iret 4 m.
 1 prayi d thus three yiaa*, and
 far frein freedom in that way the thud
 yearns the first; and I might have
 prayed in slavery till this time, had J
 not prayed n iih my heels/’ Cur work*
 must be consistent with our praver*,
 otherwise they are nn abomination be
 fre God. \Ve shall redeem the slave
 at the South, and obtain equal rights at
 the North, just so soon us we have
 faithfully used these means w hii h G&lt; d
 and Nature have placid witfiia cur
 feach, and not befi rc "J cti'
 miracles have passed. Truth, Love
 and Justice are the instruments of sal
 vation, ar.d “he only ie trcQ
 Truth makes free.” The Almighty
 will not make the ignorant inti iligi nb
 the degraded respectable, the diunkia
 sober, nor the indolent Uidustru w*. Ia
 these respects man is to work out his
 ow n salvation, and God will bless him
 in the effort.
 IllbGLfi’S VVATI li-t l KF.
 A LTEOVCR mnnv ol vour renders I.a* elc&lt; n
 maiie acquainted with'Ur. lircru i skill m
 delecting the symptoms of disease by the
 sens#.* of touch, and ol the haj j y ri si Its that
 have attended his appliratnm if the walcr
 treatment in remarkable rases, I should do m
 it a privilege to be allowed, through the roi
 ernt.s of your ajcr, lo elate, for the mforji a
 tion and encouragement of etch as nay be
 suffering from scroft lows humor, the result cf
 hss treatment in the f#.]b&gt;u ing case
 My son, t#*n years of age, irhented ib:s
 debilitating disease fioin his mother. From
 h:s infancy, I had raaorlcd lo the reinedie# ft
 the regular hysicians, ai d the \ar;oi s is&lt;k
 m dirincs in t sc, without at til. In the Ac
 mer of 1845, his sviuf ton s Iwiane n ore
 alarming. Nausea, vertigo, inf an.mm ion of
 the bowels, and extreme weakncr* i the n&lt;r
 voussystem, were among the syn p on s which
 deeply concerned the family h r hrs luurc
 prospects. At ihis time h#* wen examined by
 fir. Huggles, who considered him a go#d
 for the cure. lat once j land him under Ui*
 eve, w here he renamed arid seven
 during which time he had a jau.M cr*
 which cinummced on the tiLr-k &lt;f h s tody,,
 ard extended dow n the legs to the f**el ar.d
 toi*s, whkh became ti.fcnad aid tvoUei n*
 rr ore than tw uv their t n u arv ire .lie toll r
 of his f#*el changing ahcrratclv f #n. a lid to
 a puqdish hut*. Thev f rally hi came wf
 piarated, in which state they iei lir.u#d afrit
 six weeks, ihe hi mor ex baling iu m the
 of hisTeet aud the e» &lt;N of his tec*, Usurg
 thi* system entirely free fr# m ifiw i sc. Sine
 Fax ii g ihe cure, he hat grown a* f»n es
 could be desired, and renunues in the en.oy
 tnent of good health.
 AUSTIN ROSS.
 NoitTi:A&gt;:rTOS. Pcc. 16, 1817.
 Anti-Si *vsav Monxtxi tv Vraoisu
 J tie huusutk Ax an. me i soimm.mii*
 mencement of a movement in t ta. lot
 h'mar.ci|*si!#&gt;n. It i* ma«le hv rpspimxiM* jeo
 roes—mostly *fs*e-)ioldem. This njoxrmrrt
 will answer ihe puipo*#-. st ties*, f rttirf
 inquiry and aviiaiMtu. U e know that u«#
 in Yirgitus are at Xm*i s for t'uaue
 Mtinn, in fmrt, unless it dors take !;i.
 larrr part of Vicuna ihrentctts to beo-mi
 wiMrrani.
 The FaajMiacr, spcakmg of thw woxwcal.
 ay*
 T}** important «m« MMSapre h*
 «*p bs* tskrs t»*
 •tsvrhohfrrs ih&lt; in«rhr, T»w rhuftrur
 Hrfser, R J|, sell
 known pstWNMIf V m Htsrsctrr (h**n»fku«il
 ifgmta and Ksnturkv, msn iMt Dixm* d
 the rrrsbvtsotMi tmreh srd on* of the lr»f
 •d men of ike Hnuik Rt h him —nwn»
 ted N KrD Mmn&gt;, Jells letahti, bits H
 *o?. Ins O llswohi t frtir A
 J H Intrv, I rlwrf. iso. b*ha M
 J Fuller, J,„ #k.oi. mIWnR
 FaIW AU ikons am an «d «knr**«M,
 wnriy all nf iksm w know «fa«ehollers
