Xotlrcs.
t
 Annual Meeting.
 The 6th Annual Meeting of the est*rS
 *Ti-sLavcaY Sr* JET y mil lie held at Sa
 na, Coiumbnna 1'».,0n VSedncsday, ‘hurr
 diy.and Friday, the 16th, l .th, and I“th ol
 August, commcncuig at H? o clock. A. M.
 liet a full rcpr&lt;?w»nt*tion of the slaves
 fmnds come up on this occasion from a!
 parts of the Great Woat. The political lead
 ore are marshalling thetr hosts for a conflict
 he*r followers are rallying by hundreds o
 thousands to the support ol their party ban
 tier*. Time, and money, and laboi aie ex
 pended to secure their object. And shall tht
 Viends of freedom, whose faith should hr
 Mi.xig in the power of Truth, be lukenarn
 and indifferent while politicians are so ear
 nest ia their labors, so untiring in their zeal
 The events of the past year should eacouragt
 us to renewed e libra, for every movement o
 inports&amp;ce which has been made, having anj
 bearing upon the question of slavery, fore
 shadows the destruction of the system, am
 the oppressors feel that it is so. The politica
 parties will m ike a desperate effort to save
 themselves from the destruction their corrup
 tion has brought upon them; and the effoiti
 of the abolitionists to maintain and enforct
 the Right should lie proportionably great.—
 Arrangements should be made at the cominja
 meeting to continue the anti-slavery agitatioi
 by thniips of the Jiving speaker, and to ex
 tend more widely the circulation of ihe So
 ciety's paper—the Anti-Slavery Bugle. Ix?l
 none of the friends who can be there, absent
 themselves for any light cause, for the pre
 sence of all, and the couesel of all is desira
 ble.
 Besides the friends of Liberty in the West
 who will be present on the occasion, Henry
 C. Wright and Ciias. C. Burleigh are ex
 pected to be in attendance, and perhaps other
 representatives of the Last.
 LOT HOLMES, Fee Sec.
 THE CALL.
 r
 THE GREAT NATIONAL CONVEN
 TION OF COLORED FREEMEN of the
 United States, will be held in Cleveland,
 Ohio, commencing on Wednesday, the sixth
 div of September next.
 Let the Colored Freemen all rally to this
 important gathering. This is a crisis, and
 something we west and will do
 We hope to see the East, North, South
 nd Weal, cornc up in one mighty, unbroken
 phalanx, to do battle for God and humanity
 Signed, by request of Illinois, Indiana,
 Michigan, and Ohio, (the Western parts of
 New York and Pennsylvania being readv.)
 M. R. DELANY.
 Hamilton, Ohio, June 6,1818.
 IL7* Mystery, and all friendly papers, please
 «®py.
 Free Soil in Pittsburgh.—A meeting of
 an Buren or Barnburmng Democrats was
 held in Piltsburg on Friday evaning last. The
 Gazette says, the meeting was large and
 pood order pervaded.'’—Geo. \V. Jackson
 Chairman.
 Dr. E P. Gazzam, a gentlemen who has
 held high position and great influence with
 the Democratic party of old Alleghany, 4 re
 ported a set of Resolution to the meeiing,
 approving of the proceedings of the Utica
 Conventien, and making various suggestions
 to complete a full organization of the friends
 of and a 4 free soil,’ throughout the
 State. The resolutions were adopted by
 acclamation. Mr. ills addressed the ineet
 4pg at some length, and other gentlemen also
 ■poke.”
 Slavery gn Trial.—The trial of Drav-1
 ton, Sayers and English, charged with aiding
 the attempted escape of 10 slaws irom i
 Washington City winter, is set donw for
 the 28th inst. District Attorney Key has
 drawn three hundred and thirty indictments
 against them, which, it is estimated will draw
 from the U. S. Treasury and place in his
 pocket the snug little sum of $3,300. What
 has the North to do with supporting .Slave
 ry?’) For the defence Gov. Seward and
 Horace Mann, and several other eminent i
 citizens have been engaged—all, we believe,!
 serving without fee or reward.— Tribune.
 This is a great Country !—The follow-I
 ing is from the National Intelligencer, the
 organ of the True Liberty Party,” publish
 ed in the Capital of 44 the land of the free
 and the home of the brave.”
 BY T. M. &amp;H. MILRURN, AUCTIONEETS. i
 NEGRO BOY, Family Horse, Wagon, Cart,
 Saddles, Bridles, Ac. at Auction. On Satur
 day morning next, at ‘J o'clock, we shall sell
 on Centre market space, a colored Bov, 18
 years of age, for a term of years, and one of
 the best family Horses in the District; as
 also, a one horse Carriage, a small Market
 wagon, one double Carriage, one Furniture j
 Car, and a for of Saddles, Bridles, Martingals,
 &amp;e.
 For boy and horse satisfactorily endorsed
 notes, at sixty and ninety days bearing inter
 est, witt he taken.
 T. M. B. MILBURN, Auctioneers.
 BT The Legislature of Wisconsin adjourn
 ed on the 29th ult,, to attend a caravan which
 happened to be in Madison. Most of the
 members are young men who had never seen
 ‘‘the elephant.”
 |T7* The following extract, from a reee nl
 letter written by a young lady, in central New
 York, we publish to show the spirit, w hich, j
 in this cris s, animates the w omen of the
 north.
 44 The little that 1 hear and read about
 these great conventions and public meetings,
 shows me the meanness, the soul-selling craft,
 of the many, with now and then, a redeeming j
 member, a spirit of fire, that w ould fain purge
 out the evil, and purify our country of the
 baneful influences that are subverting the
 republic, and destroying the confidence of the
 people. Why are there not more Aliens, J
 more Giddings, more honest men more who
 dare come out openly, and take a noble stand
 jn defence of right and truth' Why ate there
 so many stagnant natures, that will not shake
 off the fetters of party spirit and self aggran
 dizement, and set as duty and conscience
 dictate? It 1 were a man, I believe 1 would i
 give up my whole tune and attention, and
 •scrUice life, it need be, to set my country
 right, lbr 1 think it is going wrong, very fast.
 T his is Indeed a very exciting time, s great
 crisis, men acting like mad. But great emer
 gencies bnng forth great minds, they will
 •pnng op y&lt;*, I trust, and grasp the coming
 danger sod grapple with it, ull they conquer 1
 There will be lawarttnes in our own country
 as well os in Fiance.”— Mass. S P'J-
 The Compromise Committee in the Sen
 ate has decided u&gt; report the three bills for
 for the eatablishmeiil mi Territorial govern
 ment* California, New Mexico, and
 Oregon, in one, leaving out both the W»lmot
 Proviso and compromise, and everything con
 nected with slavery. Thf* slavery question
 will (tree be lefl ihe people ef the teiri
 tories.
 m* Congress has just I, by an unani
 mens vote in each Hosi«e, .i. Iso amending
 eur naturalization laws that anv immigrant
 who has had a residence for fire years in this
 country, and over two years past declared his
 purpose to become a catzen, shall henceforth'
 ho entitled to naturalization, although he way*
 meantime have been once or uauty tunas eut
 #f the country.
 E7* 'IT* National Era fed* warranted in
 asying* tfmt Mr. Hals 4 is fully in favor of
 the mtSftnahtbty of the Homestead, and ilte
 freedom of the Public Lauds to actual s* t
 llers
THE NORTH STAR.
iOCHBSTER, mr 2* IR4B.
 Bath Hrbool—F. irlttMon of Colored
 V CbildiCß.
 It w il! be Remembered by our readers thai
 we, severs! months ago, called at lent too to i
 proposed outrage upon the rights of colored
 children in Bath, Steuben Co., J*\ Y. W«
 I now call attention to its consummation.—
 When in Bath, this Spring, we were inform
 ed that a Union School-house was in procesi
 of erectinti, to which all the children in town
 were in go instead of going as they were, to
 1 schools in different parts of the town thai
 f this Union School-boose was built by a ux
 i upon all lakable property in the town, and as
 r colored men owned a considerable property in
 the town, their proportion of taxes amounted
 to a large sum. One colored man paid fifteen
 dollars—another aeven —and some less.
 The School-house is now completed, and is
 an excellent building, quite commodious and
 occupies a central position easily reached by
 all persons in the tow n. When it was opened,
 colored mothers though they had had intima
 lion, that their children would probably be ex
 cluded, took their children to the school—re
 solved to know themselves, bow they were to
 be disposed of. They found the doors of
 that building closed against them. The house
 built in part by their hard earnings, was shut
 against their children and they were hooted
 through the streets, with theory of “nigger,”
 nigger,” nigger,” and other low black
 guardism of which miserabla“ white trash”
 are so prolific. Now we invite attention to
 Bath, and submit that this treatment is a most
 mean and cowardly outrage by the many upon
 the few that highway robbery is not more
 unjust than that of taking the colored man's
 money to build a School-house exclusively for
 white children. But the worst part of this
 infamous treatment remains to be told. The
 taxes imposed to build the Union School
 i house, was to be collected at three different
 times. The first and second had been collect
 ed, which the colored people very readily
 paid, but before the collector camo around
 the third time, they became aware that their
 children were to be excluded from this school
 house, for the erection of which they were
 about to be again called upon to pay. A
 friend of ours being called upon, refused to
 pay the remainder of his assessment, on the
 ground that his children were to be excluded
 while the children of white men, who had not
 paid as much as he had already done, were to
 be admitted. The collector persisted in de
 manding his pay, but my friend nobly resisted
 the demand as unjust and unreasonable—
 whereupon, this collector by virtue of his au
 thority levied upon a portion of the goods in
 tiis store, and sold them at public out-cry 1
 And this barefaced piece of atrocious villanv
 received the sanction of a good methodist
 irother, who, while others hesitated about
 aking part in the robbery, came forward
 making a meiit of his brazen audacity, and j
 said I am not afraid to bid.” We should
 like to know the name of this religious rogue, 1
 and to ascertain his precise standing in thej‘
 community, and especially if he has never
 been an occupant of the large building ax Au
 burn—whether he was not once caught Stealing
 sheep, or which is worse, stealing colored
 children and running them off South. We
 should really like to know his history; I
 will any of our readers in Bath, give us the
 facts, that we may in future deal with this i
 mean creature intelligently.
 Meanwhile, we say, shame on Bath—shamel
 on the community which can perpetrate such
 mean and dastardly acts on any portion of
 their fellow citizens, because they have not
 the means to redress their wrongs. Wej
 should have thought* that the fact of the
 ored people being in the minority, would have
 suggested to the w hites, the utmost scrupu
 losity in dealing with them in regard to this
 matter. There was an opportunity afforded
 them to seem a little magnanimous, and we
 had fondly hoped that they would embrace it,
 well knowing that some of the most respecta
 ble and intelligent persons in the town were
 adverse to the present mean and proscriptive j
 measure. But they have let it pass. We,
 therefore, now call upon the press to hand
 the gross injustice around.
 We would say to our colored friends in l
 Bath, be of good cheer they may iob you
 of your money, and shut you out of schools—
 exclude you from social and political rights, j
 but they cannot rob you of the right to be
 saber, honest, and industrious, nor can they ex
 clude you from the throne of the Most High;
 your prayers are as precious in the sight of a
 God of justice, as those who boast their white
 superiority over you.—Moreover, that God,
 whose all-seeing eye the falling sparrow may
 not escape, will not fail to see your wrongs
 redressed. He will yet vindicate his cause
 and destroy' all oppression.
 Postage—sympathy for the Irish.
 Keep it in mind, that for every letter you
 receive from a distance of less than three
 hundred miles, you pay three cents more than
 you ought; fot every letter ovei three hun
 dred and under six, you pay six cents more
 than you ought; and so on for every sddilioual
 three hundred. Keep it also in mint}, that a
 miserable, savage act of retaliation upon the
 English Po6t all ihose w ho re
 ceive letters from the old world to a tax of 25
 cents on each letter. Instead of blustering
 about repeal, and helping In&amp;hmen to 6hout
 rebellion against those whom they call their
 Saxon tyrants, let Americans begin heTe, and
 rid them at once of this gross imposition. It j
 would he an evidence that their sympathy for
 the suffering Irish How s from a right motive I
 and not, as there is too much reason to ftar,
 from a feeling of envious rivalry towards the
 English, or at least tlo* English Government, j
 It is to little purpose) that we declaim against
 foreign oppression, while we are ourselves
 tyrants. Let us begin at home. —j. d.
 E7' bailor’s Ad\orate arid Journal” is
 the tale of a semi-monthly paper just started
 in New York, by Jonathan Walker and Elias.
 £&gt;uuth. Mr. Smith is the principal Ed, tor,!
 and brings to the discharge of Ins duties a J
 warm and sympathetic bean, a good share of
 talent and common sen*-, and an earnest de
 votion to the welfare of thuae in whose behalf!
 he is to labor. He will make a good paper,sad
 we hope it may have a wide cireu lauua. j
 liitid stone Chi on.
 1C? The Cincinnati Gazette state*, that
 Wilxjam Howitt, and hra accomplished
 wife, M**r Howitt, contemplate leaving
 England and taking up their residence to the
 West. They have had relatives ut Ohio for
 many yean.
Tb« Model Worker.**
 This is tie proud tide r a large weekly
 liberty Pety newspaper, recently i»u«d'frtm
 t’tica. central Near York, by Samuel Green
 formerly connected with the Albany Patrwi
 —note no more. The Model worker proposer
 to work for single subscribers at the low pticc
 of two dollars per anrana—iaranably ia ad
 vance—and may be obtained by addressing
 8. W. Green, at Utica. It ia to cam moo to
 speak of every newspaper emanating from
 the A mer.can press, in -terms of admiration,
 that we almost feel like falling in with the
 cuatom, and write a neat puff—that would ap
 ply as well to aa improved coffee mill aa to a
 newspaper, and there let the matter rest.
 But we do not think it would be quite deco
 rous, to treat this model a* we would treat the
 multitude of workmen, we therefore demote a
 few momenta to a consideration of its charac
 ter and objects. The Editor says in bis salu
 tatory
 May we, at the outset, explain a little
 what we shall attempt, under the name and
 motto we have chosen! There is a God.—
 Not a mere rhetorical flourish—a figure of
 speech —a sublime conception. Not that.—
 There is a God. This world is his world.—
 He made it, and preserves it, and has sever
 yet lifted the w eight of a finger of his authori
 ty from it. Whether men bow to this au
 thority, or set themselvci up against it, he
 always has, still does, and ever will, rule,
 t over his friends and in the midst of his ene
 mies. Tor ail Nature, in all its parts, from
 the sand jrrain up to the tallest hero that ever
 undertook the task of honoring human respon
 sibilities—every thing aruund, above, beneath,
 within us, is shut up to the operation of his
 laws. These laws—expressions of the Om
 nipotent Will—are all pervading, universal,
 unchangeable. Silently or in the crash ofj
 Empires, by day and by night, through the
 earth, the air, the water, in things of time
 and sense, and among the sublimer realities
 we call spiritual, the inevitable laws are there,
 and there as laws. Heaven and earth may
 pass away, but they remain unchanged. The
 grass withers, the flower fades, but these, the
 words of a God, endure forever.”
 Now, all this is very sublime, but very in
 definite, and can scarcely be called an expla
 nation of what is to be attempted by this
 model worker.” If we did not know the
 Editor of the Model Worker,” we should
 be disposed to think this mere cant—intended
 to ingratiate his paper among a class of per
 sons, who never weary in talking about a
 Supreme Being, but possessing no disposition
 whatever, to consider the welfare of his crea
 tures. The “Model Worker,” goes on to
 say, that all will admit—w hat it expresses of
 the Supreme Being, but that the masses of
 mankind hold the “throne ofGod, a humbug.” j
 A fter dwelling at length upon this idea, he
 proceeds as follows;
 But*if these laws are inevitable in their
 operation—if God's very existence is pledged j
 o their maintenance—if the universe is in
 subjection to them, what can they accomplish
 vho set themselves in opposition In a strict
 sense the activity of wicked men cannot result,
 n anything deserving the name of*deeds.—
 Kor the word deed” implies somethingdone
 —not undone, lie can not be a doer, who is
 spending his resources in the vain attempt
 ,o resist the inevitable. lie can not accom
 plish who busies himself w ith letting buckets
 into empty wells and drawing nothing up, or
 in blowing against the wind. Men may unite
 in such attempts— a huzzaing mob, as they
 draw their vessel of miasm and emptiness to
 the surface, may sweaL.tney will slake their
 thirst. An overwhelming, majority” may;
 shout, that they have blown back the w ind.—
 They have really done just what he has who
 deludes himself into the notion that he has ac
 complished any purpose on which he is intent,
 w ithout conforming himself to the Creator's
 laws. Every such one w ill find, sooner or
 later, perhaps to confusion and everlasting
 ruin, that it is hard to kick against the
 pricks.”
 This, too, sounds very well theological,
 philosophical, and political—but not very di
 rect or explanatory. We wade on through
 nearly a whole column of such beauty and
 sublimity, before meeting with any thing like
 the objects of the paper. In these days of
 juick travelling, quick printing, and quick read- j
 ing, men w f ill not generally puzzle tbeir brains
 iy such an effort to find out what a man is
 driving at, as that required by this salutatory
 if the Model Worker. We do not know how
 it is with learned men, but we who have been
 iccustomed to the unvarnished hardships and
 stern realities of life, have a strong attach
 ment to simplicity and directness of speech,
 whether written or spoken. The Model
 Worker” shall tell in its own language, all
 that looks like an explanation of what he is
 about to attempt, and our readers will have
 the same means of knowing of what that ob
 ject is—that we possess
 In theenterprise before us, then, we would
 make these laws the model of our activity.— j
 We would put ourselves in harmony with
 them, that so we may achieve success. Wei
 would take our place, with iis lesponsibilitics
 and privileges, and attempt to be u Model l
 Worker.” Not a busy Idler—n &gt;t a Destroyer
 —but a Constructor, a Buiuer. With our
 eye open to the great idea of a Government,!
 we would solve problems in its light.”
 “Not a destroyer!” Why not? Christ’
 was a destroyer. He was revealed from
 Heaven, to destroy the works of the devil.—
 What harm can there be, in being a destioy-1
 er of such works. There is, we think, in;
 this, a slight fling at those w ho go for destroy- j
 ing our present unholy union with slave-hold-
 ers—and the destruction of our present blood
 stained government. There is something of
 putting of new wine into old bottles and
 inending old garments with new elolh.
 With our eye open to the great idea of
 government we will solve all problems in its
 light.”
 We fear our friend has chosen a dark lan
 tern to w ork by. We think be would do bet
 ter to solve all problems in the light of truth
 and justice. As our friend Green, evidently
 jiosseescs a good degree of self-esteem, and
 will not sink under these slight criticisms, we
 w ill venture a word as to his past course, and
 express the hope, that he will not adhere to
 ihe views which too frequently disfigured the
 columns of the Patriot when under but charge;
 such aa defending the justice of the atrocious
 war waged by the United States government
 against Mexico—rebuking persons, for asso
 ciating themselves with such evil dispose*
 persons ss our humble self—and ail speaking
 w ith a bitter tongue against any class of the
 friends of freedom, because they may happen
 to differ from him in bis sublime idea of gov
 ernment. With these words of friendly ad
 vice, we have wo hesitancy in welcoming the
 Model W other into the great field of reform.
 where we are sure he will find woik enough
 to do.
 CT The following bnef advertisement
 appeared in the New York Tribune on the
 Tih mat:
 Daniel Webster!—You are wanted at
 Waahmgtoo—to fight for FawroM.
 Svr*«*i&gt;sc. tih Julv. IFW.
The Ikitboldn'i latter*
 Lest oar readers should daeftt the genuine
 ■ess of this letter, we will liMy ertf bon
 it came into oar possession. We tnetjSeveTw
 weeks sgn, our estimable friend, Samuel J
 May, who informed us that b# had seen suck
 s letter, and thought that the lady to whom ti
 was addressed would consent to s publication
 of its contents, provided that the name and
 locality of the writer should be withheld.—
 It appears that the letter is answer to om
 addressed to kins by her, on the subject ol
 Slavery.
 With respect to the chdftcter of this letter,
 there is nothing about it that eicites our sur
 prise. We are familiar with the seatime&amp;ta it
 contains—cold, dark and infernal as it is, it ta
 but a fair transcript of the heads and beans ol
 slaveholders generally. It scarcely neces
 sary to comment upon the letter. Its blas
 phemous assertions and brazen falsehoods
 have been repeatedly confronted -and over
 thrown. To talk of the incapacity of the
 negro at this day, may sene a purpose in the
 dark pine forests of North Caroliua, where
 every ray of moral and ii-ieiiectual light is
 carefully shut out from the soul of the fetter
 ed bondman—where to teach the reading of
 the word of God is mads a» crime, and moder
 ate punishment means the whipping of a slave
 to death Such arguments may answer very
 well; but we tell this slaveholder, that in
 this region, where men have become enlight
 ened—where to read the Bible is not consid
 ered a crime—where labor is respectable—
 where the colored man enjoys personal free
 dom—and where we can point to wealthv
 colored merchants, industrious mechanics of
 nearly every trade, and professional men from
 the bar to the pulpit, editors, and orators, &amp;c.,
 —hie arguments w ill be as unavailing as a bag
 of feathers against a tornado.
 We commend this letter to our colored
 friends generally, that they may see in what
 light they are regarded by this and other man
 steaiera, and be able to meet their representa
 tions with a character which will render them
 perfectly harmless.
 The Delevan Temperance Union.
 We learn from a letter of Mr. George W.!
 Clark, that the celebration of the
 of the Delevan Temparance Union, at King-
 ston, on the 7th of July, w as a spirited affair.
 Speeches were made by Wilson, White, Mo
 rell, and Rogers. Mr. Garnett, we are in
 formed, made the ablest address on the occa
 sion, making a deep impression on the assem
 bled thousands. Ihe Temperance cause, we
 are happy to learn, is making considerable
 progress among colored people in the East.—
 0 are sorry we cannot say so much for the
 West, and especially of Rochester. \V r e are
 now quite satisfied that one of the greatest j
 htnderances to our elevation and improvement
 in this city, is the too general use of ardent,
 spirits. W hile the mass of colored persons
 in this city are saber, upright, and intelligent,;
 there are just a sufficient number of excep
 tions to this rule, u ith the aid of the prejudice
 against us, to make the inference in our favor
 nugatory.
 W e are about to celebrate the first of Au-
 gust in this city, and there will probably be
 thousands of colored persons present. For,
 the sake of the great cause we shall meet to
 promote, the character which we always,
 ought to maintain, set your faces like adamant
 against all intoxicating drinks, and all noisy
 and unseemly demonstrations. Let there be
 nothing said or done which shall in any wise
 give a handle to our enemies. This is our
 fourth of July; and though white men get
 drunk on their s, let us keep sober on ours.—
 A poor white man can better afford to get
 drunk than a rich black man. liet us remem- J
 bpr that every impropriety committed by one
 of us, is charged to the account of our whole
 people.
 The Whig Candidate.
 General Taylor is the owner of some
 two hundred slaves—l been for forty
 years a man of war and bl i. ujulls his abil
 ity to fulfil the duties of Pr sident—conferees
 his ignorance of political affairs—isconvicud,
 by his bloodhound reputaticn, of crue’ty a: d
 barbarity, that would disgrace a savage—savs
 he is not a Whig,and refuses to be considered
 the nominee of the Whig party; yet has been
 nominated by a Convention of Whig politi- j
 cians, as a fit and available candidate for the
 Presidency! Such a barbarian would canvas
 in vain for a single vote among the Fejee can
 nibals; an iguorant Hottentot would spit upon
 the man that should make the proposal to
 him. Will civilized enlightened Americans of
 the nineteenth century defile and disgiace
 themselves by elevating to the Presidency this
 bloodhound warrior and manslealer? Pray
 Heaven No !—j. d.
 A Black List.
 The following are the names of the North- i
 era Senators in Congress who voted against
 incorporating the Wilmot Proviso into the
 treaty with Mexico. They are all Democrats.
 The dough-face candidate, LEWIS CASS,
 is among the number. Let all who wish to
 extend and perpetuate the curse and crime of
 slavery, vote for LEWIS CASS.
 J. W. Bradbury, Maine.
 W. B. S. Moore, do.
 Dan’l S. Dickinson, New York
 Sivon Cameron, Pennsylvania.
 Daniel Sturgeon, do.
 LEWIS CASS, Michigan.
 Alfheis FiTcn, do.
 Willam Alln, Ohio.
 Edward A. llannegan, do.
 Sidney Breesz, Illinois.
 Steuben A. Douglass, do.
 E7* A meeuog to dtacuse the Rights of
 W omen will be held in this city on Wednes
 day, id August. The place of meeting will
 be announced in the air papers. A meeting
 preliminary to this will be held on the even- j
 ing of the Ist, in Protection Hall, Slone’s
 Buildings. We are happy to announce that
 James and Lucretia Mott, with other persons
 from abroad, will be present.
 UJ" Hon. John P. Hale will please accept
 onr thanks for a copy of Fremont’s Geo
 graphical Memoir upon Upper California.
 TO COWIESI’ON DE.VI B.
 Prior Footer, Booths.—Cans'* visit Michigan
 this Foil.
 8. 8., M tori lon.—Papers wifi bo am, sad sob
 •cripuooo credited.
 J., X«w Bedfaodr Received- Kaow set
 where the blame mu. The paperi are regvlarH j
 awitad.
Detkoit, Michigan, July H, IMS.
 PtAu 0oroLA«:«-I arrived here on tbfc
 3d inst., from Saadcskv City, at which place
 w« armed on the 29th ult., bat were unable
 to leave sooner. At this place we held no
 meeting, for tbo reason that every hour a
 boat was expected up the lake, we holding
 ourselves in readiness. At length on Sab
 bath morning one came, the Pacific but as
 we afterwards discovered, having it expressly
 stated on their bill, Built expressly for the
 accommodation of Southern passengers," I
 and my friend Langston were, by the pitiful
 Northern slaves to Southern masters, even on
 the puTe and nncuntatuinated waters nf Lake
 Erie, refused a eabin passage by the vassal
 clerk of this meaner than slaver, Pacific.—
 Although noted as was the clerk by that ex
 tremely polite and humble demeanor which
 ever chaiacterizes the mean and unprincipled;
 yet so contemptuously indignant did we fee|
 toward the w hole concern, that we even did
 not inquire of the captain into the rules of the
 boat. There is no doubt but this is the
 established rule of ihe Pacific—a namS which
 I desire the frienda of freedom to remember—
 and neither captain n &gt;r clerk had manliness
 sufficient candidly to state their reasons for
 the establishment of such odious rules. The
 truth of the matter if, they srerfates—volun
 tary slaves, and as such, ashamed to acknowl
 edge it. We did not get passage until Mon
 day morning, on the Gen. Scott, a Sandusky
 and Detroit packet.
 Sandusky has greatly improved. Not more
 than four years since, the port consisted of
 but one street, and a few scattered houses,
 with scarcely a dock sufficient for the landing
 of steamers. The place has now some six or
 eight thousand inhabitants; and so rapidly
 increasing that the demand for houses is by
 far greater than the supply. At this time,
 there are in progress of building not less than
 150 houses, and doubtless there are as many
 more under contract. The people of this
 place are, in the main, quite civil and polite, 1
 being principally Yankees.
 There are several colored families in and j
 about Sandusky City, and these are of the
 most praiseworthy character. Those who
 reside in the country are generally farmers,
 and well doing, having land and stock of their
 own, in a fine state of prosperity, themselves
 being intelligent and industrious. Those of
 the town are equally praiseworthy, the greater
 part owning good houses and lots in the best
 parts of the city; one young man having a
 good grocery another and his wife keep a
 confectionary and saloon all of them are
 doing well. There are two others making
 preparations for entering largely into the boat
 store and grocery business.
 On passing new buildings, I was much
 gratified to see in them, busily engaged, col
 ored carpenters, plasterers, painters, and oth
 ers, all industriously and sociably working on
 the same benches and scaffolds with other
 workmen, though bearing a different hue, but
 not probably a more skillful hand. With the
 exception of a few, who belonged to the
 steamers which lie in the bay, I did not see
 an indifferent looking colored person in San
 dusky. I conceive it to be ominous of good,
 the dawning among oCr people of a better j
 day, when Tin* can be fou d among the ar-
 tisar.s, tradesmen, merchants, and property- j
 holders, who first contribute to the establish
 ment of new places.
 In directing a letter to Sandusky, I would
 remark, if intended fur the poit, one should
 be careful to direct to Sandusky City, as there
 are now four Sanduskies in ihe same State, I
 (Ohio.) three of which are contiguous to the
 same stream, Sandusky River. For the in
 formation of those at a distance, I shall, in
 this connection, name their geographical rela
 tions. There is Sandusky City, or Portland, I
 at the head of Sandusky Bay, below a river
 of the same name Lower Sandusky, near
 the mouth of the river; Upper Sandusky,
 near the head and L'ttle Sandusky, two or
 three miles from Sandusky River. You will
 at once perceive, except letters be properly
 directed, they may not reach their destination.
 As intimated in my last, on arriving in this
 city, wc found in session the Circuit Court of
 the U. S., Judge John McLean, of Ohio, Pre
 eident, and lion. Ross Wilkins, of the Dis
 trict Court, assistant.
 This was a suit brought at the instance of
 Troutman, who is also a practicing lawyer in
 Kentucky, Agent of Francis Giltner, of Car
 roll county, Ky., for damages for payment by
 the law of ’93, for loss of the Crosswait fam
 ily of fugitives, who effected their escape on
 the 9th day of August, 1843, and located near
 Marshall, Calhoun county, Michigan, against
 Chas. T. Gorham, Dr. Oliver C. Comstock,
 Mr. Hurd, and three colored men—Charles
 Bergen, Planter Moss, and Nelson Ilackett.
 The investigation continued about four
 weeks, and upwards of sixty witnesses were
 examined.
 On the 27th day of January, 1847, early is
 the morning, about daylight, Troutmas, Da
 vid Giltner, and Fiancis Lee, went to the
 house of the Crosswait family, consisting of
 the old man, his w ife and four children, forced
 their way in, presented arms, asserting their
 intention of taking them back to Kentucky
 whereupon the old man or one of bis sons
 cried out, Kidnappers! kidnappers
 This had the desired effect of arousing the j
 neighborhood. A colored man, one of the
 defendants, was thq firtt who came to their
 aid, upon whom Troutman instantly drew a
 revolving pistol, commanding him for the life
 to stand back. When the news got folly
 spread, an old gentleman mounted his horse,
 rode through the streets rnging a bell, crying
 Kidnappers !—the Cnwawait family and
 so forth, until the whole town was gathered
 together about the house of the fugitives,
 whom, up to this tune, it was not proven in
 evidence, that the people of the peaceful vil
 lage of Marshall knew to be fugitive*. The
 family was very respectable, and well thought
 of by all the people of Marshall.
 Messrs. Gorham, Hurd, and Dr. Comstock
 severally came upon the of whom
 at different times endeavored to remonstrate
 with Troutman and his fellows; during which
 time they were swaggering and boasting of
 what they intended doing, not only w tth the
 gentlemen who attempted expostulation, fast
 with all on the giound. Not satisfied with
 this over bearing Southern insolence, Trout
 man mounted a large stone, and commenced
 a harangue of arrogance which, had the same
 been attempted by a Northern man in Ken
 tucky, would have cost him at leant his neek,
 apor the highest stake m the neighborhood
af the conclusion of which, he offered i rtso
 lotion, W hjch received a unanimous negative
 elcept the four Kentuckians, who voted in
 |faTor of their own resolution,
 Mr. Gorham offered a resolution to thii
 effect:
 Resolved, That these Kentoekiana bt
 prevented from taking away the Crosswail
 family, by moral, legal, or physical force, and
 that they leave the State in two bouis, or be
 subject to a prosecution for breach of the
 peace.”
 This received a unanimous aye.
 I Dr. Comstock, addressing Troutman, re
 marked My good sir, you must see that
 y° u cannot take these people by moral, legal,
 or physical force.” Troutman insolently in
 'quired, What! do you say I shall not take
 them!'" To which replied Dr. Comstock,
 No, sit, I do not say so but I say, accord
 ing to the appearance of things, an excited
 crowd aruund you, that you must see the im
 possibility of taking them by moral, legal, or
 physical force.” Messrs. Gorham and Hurd
 made similar remarks. With a degree of
 impudence which could emanate alone from
 those accustomed to domineer over slaves,
 Troutman demanded the names instantly of
 Gorham, Comsti&gt;ck, and Hurd, demanding of
 the crowd to know whether or not they were
 responsible men, answered in the
 affirmative, he proceeded to write down. Mr.
 Gorham, in giving his name, observed, My
 name is Charles T. Gorham; write it in capi
 tals, and bear it back with yoo to Kentucky. ”i
 Dr. Comstock, also remarked, rw giving his i
 My name is Oliver Comstock, Jr. Be sure
 to write Junior, as I bear the name of my'
 father, and do not wish bim to be responsible
 for me.” There is no doubt but both of
 these gentlemen, as well they might be, were
 Somewhat irritated at the overbearing and
 i
 insolent demands of these Kentucky ruffians.
 The Kentuckians had a wagon in which to
 bear off their victims but failing of success,
 as a last resort, endeavored to get them before
 Esquire Sherman, a Justice of the Peace.—
 To tins there was little objection but before
 its accomplishment, the ever-vigilant colored
 men, true to their trust, themselves, humanity
 and their God, ‘‘spirited away the whole
 family on the Underground.” This is a fair,
 statement of the case.
 Messrs. Pratt and Now ell appeared for the
 plaintiffs; Messrs. Remain, Emmons, Wells!
 and Clarke for defendants. Mr. Emmons did
 justico to his cause, and credit to himself. He
 assumed as his foundation an elevated posi
 tion, manfully and fearlessly, in a strain of,
 seven hours, (one and a half the first day,
 and five and a half the second,) ably vindi
 cated the right, the cause of humanity, and
 the liberties of the North.
 In his eloquent plea, he severely castigated
 the serf-like servility of Dixon, the acting
 Deputy Sheriff of Calhoun County, who, for
 the sum of five dollars, dared, in the absence
 of all legal injunction, undertake, at the bid
 ding of Troutman, to arrest the Crosswait
 family. It was admitted in his own testimo
 ny that he knew he had no authority for so
 doing but observed he, in justification of the;
 act, Mr. Troutman insisted on my doing so,!
 saying that he would be responsible for it.”
 It will be gratifying to the friends of human-:
 ity to learn that the High Sheriff of Calhoun.
 county promptly discharged the wretch Dixon
 from the services of his office. Mr. Wells,
 w ho is quite a young man, acquitted himself
 well and manfully—Mr. Romain, making the.
 closing plea, which was summed up without J
 fear, favor, ot affection with this exception,'
 that lie did not take quite so high ground on
 the subject of human rights as his col
 league, the fearless and independent Mr.!
 Emmons.
 Mr. Norvell, U. S. Attorney, who opened
 for the prosecution, made a blustering noise
 about Southern Chivalry and gallantry, lib
 erality and patriotism,” and all that. To
 this Mr. Eininons dealt out the severest and
 most blistering sarcasm.
 The counsel,” said he, talks of chi
 valry, gallantry, patriotism, and iiberahly
 Yes, the Southerner is always chivalrie—
 whom standing before the crouching slave,
 who is taught that submission is of the Divine
 will —he is always gallant, when his only
 antagonist is the trembling bondman—he
 might well be patriotic in lifting that artn in
 defence of his country which has never been
 nerved by toil—well may his heart he liberal,
 as the prodigal son's is liberal, when lavishly j
 casting away the meins and property of a
 father, gained by years of care and labor; his
 being wrung from the hopeless slave
 Mr. Pratt, who readies at Marshall, closed
 for the prosecution and in support of his po
 sition, hieughj tin w ard a written argument
 an old, lame, pro-slavery, colonisation argu
 ment, long s.nce exploded— to prove that
 •lavery was a Divine Institution, sanctioned;
 by the Bible. He uiked about Jewish servi
 lude, Joseph, in Egypt, Paul and Ouesunus,
 rad the Lke; declaring that these things
 were true —slavery wn# an institution sanc
 tioned by Goff, or the Bible was not true, and
 should immediately be abandoned as the guide j
 sf our faith.
 Adverting to bis antagonist, Mr. Emmons,;
 tie observed that the counsel had brought in
 books to prove certain positions in law,which,
 Id not a student after six months studying
 know, deserved to be discharged from the pro
 fession.
 To this, 1 base but to reply, that if any boy
 of seres veers old knew no better than to
 believe such silly stuff as that brought for
 ward by Counsellor Pratt, which evidently
 gained the approbation and sanction of many
 pro-slavery votaries present, opposed as I am
 to the corporeal punishment, I do think be
 should he severely castigated for his ignor
 ance. The position of Counsellor Pratt was
 both mean and dastardly, and sever did a
 slave more earnestly labor for bis master, than
 Mi. Pratt for these slave catchers, by whom
 be was employed.
 Id several respects, the servility manifested
 during the litigation, was in the extreme bu
 miiiatiSg. It is true that there are few in
 Detroit to he found quite ao debased but
 there were several, and my attention was
 called by a gentleman at my aide, while sit
 ting in the Court room, to the fact that as the
 insolent upstart young slaveholder. Troutman,
 would swagger through the Court Chamber,
 with hit curved staff banging on hu arm.
 some persons present would smile sod bow
 very obedience to him, although bis attention
 waa turned in another direction. They ap
 peared te receive it aa a compliment merely to
 eaieh a glanee sf bis eye. Se aceswtemed w
 the North to Southern mle, that it has become
wccwd nature. How exceedingly mortifying
 ,0 K Northern men thus beeely bbwmg
 their necks to the dark spirit of alavery
 rharge of Judge McLean to the Jotjt,
 I look upon as decidedly partial, weighing
 heavily hi the scale on the side of slavery
 The course of the old gentleman throughout
 the prosecution, I viewed in the same light.
 It is true that he asserted th*» wrongs of sin*
 eery in the abstract, declaring that it bad “no
 existence, either in tb« national law, or law
 lof nations.” It was hmited mHe eaist
 j cr,&lt; nd ,ocal 10 1,8 character,” deriving its
 whole strength from municipal authority.”
 He did not venture, after the Bible argument
 of Mr. Pratt, who, to alt appearance, dared
 1 him to the task, once make the declaration,
 that slavery had no existence in the Law of
 God 1 was much disappointed in Judge
 McLean, and did not find him that mdepend*
 exit and liberal-minded jurist that, from all I
 had heard of him, I had a reason to expect.
 During the charge he did not once express his
 abhorrence of slavery, but modestly evaded
 commitment on that point, by simply saying,
 Whatever may be our feelings,” and so
 forth, the law” is thus and so. Mr. Pratt,
 a pro-slavery man, and attorney for the plain*
 tiff, frequently during his pleading declared
 that he was as much opposed to slavery as
 anybody, while at the same time he used his
 might to prove its scripture authority. The
 anti-slaver/ references, also, of Judge Mc-
 Lean prove nothing, so far as his sentiments
 arc concerned.
 It may be contended thai the law is directly
 against the feelings of the Judge, and, of
 bun wit, be can do nothing. This I readily
 concede; and wQile so doing, alone hold him
 responsible fee hts own opinions, independent
 of Constitutional or State provisions. Suelk
 opinions, when emanating from the bench,
 become the actual law of the land, and
 are so received and considered in oar Courts
 of Judicature.
 This extraordinary opinion of Judge Mfc-
 Lean, to which I call your particular atten
 tion, announced from the Bench as an essen
 tial point in civil jurisprudence, is, to my
 mind, w ithout precedence in the history of
 modern—at least enlightened, judicial pro
 cedure.
 Indeed, in me it may be the result of ignor
 ance of the law of the land, for to thinking
 and expressing myself, for w hich I may even
 be rebuked but if this is the law of the coun
 try in which we live, then ts liberty but a by
 word—litigation for protection a sham, andl
 all judicial proceedings a farce, that should
 immediately be abolished.
 Unexpectedly to every one, either plain
 tiffs, defendants, or their friends, in his charge
 to the Jury, giving a definition of a etiminah
 in this and all similar cases—the charge being
 brought for “haiboring, concealing, hindering
 and obstructing,” in the language of the act
 of Congress, knowing them to be slaves,”
 &amp;e., “shall forfeit and pay for each slave,
 the sum of five hundred dollars,” &amp;c. une
 quivocally asserted, repeatedly, that it was
 not necessary to the offence that the person
 interfering with the rights of the the slave
 catcher should know that the person or per
 sons so claimed were'"slaves. If thp slave
 catcher did but assert his intention, declaring
 that the persons so claimed were Ins property,
 w hich declaration might be made m the ab
 sence of any slave, save the persons claimed
 it was sufficient.
 The merest interference a ter this declara
 tion, will suffice to criminate. To make this
 plain, in reply to an interrogatory by one off
 the counsel for defence, the Judge remarked
 I wish the Jury to understand me. It i«
 nut necessary that the persons interfering
 should know that the persons claimed art
 slaves. If the claimant has made, the declar
 ation that they are such, though he should,
 only assert it to the fugitives themselves—in
 deed, it could nU be exacted that the claim
 ant w ould he required the trouble of repeating
 ihi% to persons who might be disposed to in
 torfere-*-should any one interfere at all, after
 the decl araiion of the claimant, he is liable
 and responsible to the provisions of the law in
 such cases.”
 Here, then, is the decision of the highest
 Judiciary rathe land, upon the subject of our
 liberties; and that, 100, by one whom hi*
 friends call s friend to humanity. To my
 judgment, such a decision is neither in ac
 cordance with philosophy nor common sense.
 Moral philosophy teaches, as common sense
 dictates, that no act can be considered crimi
 nal, where there is not a criminal intention
 hence the distinction between killing and
 murder. A person, through mistake, under
 the impression that he is aiming at a beast,
 may shoot and kill a man in the bush though
 he actually kills the man, he does not titers
 fore commit murder, because there was no,
 intention of murdering—the object shot at
 being a beast and not a max.
 Bui in the position assumed by Judge
 McLeatv, common sen so is set at naught, and
 philosophy at defiance. Though, says the
 Judge, a person aims at the rescue of a free
 man from the hands of a kidnapper, he rotist
 be responsible for an unlawful interference
 between master and slate! Nor did be make
 any allowance for the presumption in favor o£
 freedom, until the contrary is proven. It in
 enough for one to know flat the slave-catcher
 attempted to arrest his victim, and the pre
 sumption must be in favor of the master l—%
 Truly, this is the law of the land law by
 which you and I must abide
 There is now but one important view to be
 taken of this matter. Previous to this de
 cision, colored persons bad some slight sem
 blance of liberty, but now every vestige has
 beeo wrested from us—each sad all of us re
 daeed to the mercy or diseretaon of say white
 man in the country, and like the colored man
 in the South without a Pase,” as it is term
 ed, may at any moment be arrested as the
 yroffrty of another»
 Nay, more. While upon the coast of AJriv
 ca, the senwe of a person in so considered,
 4f,d treated in this country ns piracy. Kid*
 napping, by the act ef Congress sad the de
 c**o® of Amenta* Judges, has been legal*
 •aed and nose dare, under the rt «st burden
 some penalty, even utter a word of counsel,
 or lend a helping hand! I call upon our op
 pressed fellow-countrymen to look si this few
 u it »ow stands; and ia so doing, I declare
 that every colored men ia tbf nominally feet
 States, under it, ia reduced to abject slavery;
 because all slavery is but the arbitrary miU-ef
 ooe pence ever another. Thin few ia nothing
 mote aor lass.
 To the above, personally, 1 have bit «M
