FREDERICK DOUGLASS,
 R. DELANY, j Editors.
VOL I. NO. 32.
The NORTH STAR is published even
 Trtdar, at No. 25, Builulo Street,
 the .1-CjA.)
 TERMS.
 Two dollars per Uinu i), nlmif* adtiuce. N
 •atsaeripu/o w.U be recuveJ for lU B
 Ad*erti*cw 7 nt» nor ever. lin •n.ertel
 three ti nes I* d&gt;U»r; every wiUiequent
 Uon, tsreetj -five cents.
 Tub object U the North star wiU be to attack
 Slatist in all ita f.r.a* an! »s|«cts; »h«c*lf
 UatrißiAL Eha-kipatioj; exalt tlw rtanlar.l
 ef |*c a Lie M ,k*liti promote the moral aM in
 telle *tual i.sproveae* of U« COLOR TO Prone;
 and has tea the Jav of FREEDOM to the Timer
 Million, of our Exilavid Fallow Cocs
 rsraiv.
 PUBLISHER’S NOTICES.
 f&lt;rf&gt; AW eomrnnticatiotta relating to the bvtints-.
 matter* of tne pnicr. names of ssuiJ*mbcn‘, rem.t
 tanccs, Ac., ahodi be aVlroaseJ t, Jons DIOC,
 Publisher.
 frt* \/eot#. an! all others rn'!i«( na m s are
 luestc.i t'» be a curat an l (Jive the (V
 he r.miiy, ai l the Sftr. Each Subscriber is im
 «ne liatelv cre lite&lt;l f &gt;r money received.
 {rj- Any per* *.i *cn.linj in toe pay;ac»rt for 1 *m
 *ub»ciibei*, t Ije f&gt;rivar&gt;le.l to one
 Lave a fifth co;.y far one year.
 All letter* an i cum auiucatisiui must be jx/t!
 P» IJ
 LIST OF AGENTS.
 M tss tCHCtKTT*. —R- V. VValcutt, 21 Conthill.
 B.ston; Nath.iJ .li is-n, New Heihn I;
 F.,a tt, L.«rell; J *X- li,e,,r r
 Evans, Worcester; Uonrne .S|M&lt;r»c, llv inoutii,
 Curie, 11. s-n. Spiiiaftell Oat.J Uu3d»e».
 Northampton; H. Carpenter, I pt »n.
 ll.u.’ir., —Oliver D -nnett, Portia iJ.
 VtR KO.t T. —It j a lan Jl. llohmson, North rcr
 4-isbur?.
 ConmfiiCTlct'T. —JonatWi v Haven*
 \r.w .f ars.tirtK.—W •uc Tappan, Bra'for
 %’(r \v Vore. —Sy l-i.-y H. &gt;.iv, 112, Nassau
 Sr. »et; In n•* M ;Cu‘ie Smih, 93, West lb oa in ay;
 Josepn Post, W *st’n trv, H icen Co ntv; Miryliir
 per, Aftittv; Eli is D .tv. Mace Ion; Willetts K
 Peru, Oli iton County; Wiltia S. Ibiltim -re, Trov
 I F. Pint, Pea* Van; i. it irey, Geneva; E. L.
 Pl.it, B.th.
 Riioor. Isla\ nnranev Pam", Pr -v. lenr*.
 PEs s&lt; vLVa SI v.—J. M. ’I Ci n, '5l, N &gt;rlh I- iftn
 -Str-.-t, Pli.lii-l-.h G. W. Gone., 8, Ex-hi.j
 -&lt;l&gt;U e, Dirt.*, 11. Va4».n, B. Bow i, Pitts!&gt;nrj;
 Wil'ih n W uipner, C .lu tibia; Isaac l» I "i ts, .1 i-01.
 H,. i\,\ ,r is: r.n, M ncry C ui-ity, Mi*
 j» T iw isc i 1, N nv Brig ton.
 Ohio.—Christian D .nnS non, Cincinnati; (l.
 Carter, D tt&gt;; Valeitin*? Ni.*h .I*m. M uveyslwroli,
 Warre-i Cll tty; Si n i.-l Br .ok", i! -n.
 MfCHIOW. t &gt;bert 8.-lks, Detroit.
 I.s'Oia.n'a. —J 1 P. Davis, Me j lony, A ayae Lo.
Selections.
 Trout the Boston Wliig.
 or iiov. J. n. giddings,
 At the Tn.in.-nt Ti iijli„ lh-t n, Friday Fixn:ng,
 Joe 32.
 [CONCLUULD.]
 Tlie t|uestion n dv comes upon the,
 lust transcendent issue. W ill you ex
 tend the institution of slavejy over
 Mexico. W e liavc twisv acquired a ter
 ritory'vastJy greater in extent t’nan the
 whole original thutecd States—greater,
 than a hundred such States as Massa
 chusetts, which would place in the Sen
 ate of the United States two hundred
 slaveholders teom New Mexico and Cal
 ifornia to control your interests, iiere
 is the last issue, and it you do not
 aland up now, if you sulier your load
 er* to lead you blindfold to tiie surren
 der of this last issue, on your heads
 and on your children he the responsi
 bility. The vasttiess of that policy it
 is impossible for me to find words to ex
 press. If in this you yield to them, you
 place the power hereafter iu their
 hands; you make yourselves slaves.
 What struck down the taritl’of ldl'2.'
 I do not say whether it was right or
 wrong; but the Whigs ot lioktou
 thought it was right, and so did I. So
 did the Democrats of Pennsylvania;
 and I said to them iu IS 11, As sure as
 you bring these men from Texas into
 Congress they will vote to strike down
 your protective tariff. Vet they* voted
 to bring in Texas. These foreigners
 were brought into the Representative
 Hall in direct violation of the very
 words and letter oi the Constitution,
 and it was by their vote that the pro
 tective larilf of ISI2 was struck down.
 I saw your interests there sacrificed by
 these foreign slaveholders, brought iu
 there iu violation of the Constitution.
 Tne Democrats of New York declared
 that they would not g for the repeal of
 the tarilF of Hl'2, unless their salt
 could be protected. W e were enabled
 to put the salt upon the free list by a
 majority of one. The next taorniug 1
 saw the Secretary of btate, the Secre
 tary of the Navy, the Secretary of the
 Treasury, the Secretary of War, and
 the vvh de Cabinet, one holding oue
 man by tlie bu!t &gt;u and another an &gt;t!i: r.
 They moved a reconsideration salt
 received its protection bv a majority of
 one vote, and the tarilf w is repealed;
 *o that it was those two foreign slave
 h il lers that struck down the tarilf of
 lSii. Are you the advocates of the
 taniF, and will you vote for those vvh i
 wdl striae d iwu your tariti? If you do,
 &lt;i K with your eves open. Do it as
 &lt;«en. Stand forth and avow it, and not
 do it blindfold.
 I havem power of conception, or
 imagination, or lung-iagc, to p irtray to
 you the consequence of this questi &gt;n
 which now comes ho-.ne to you. Dvery
 man who is n .w sustaining Gen. Tay
 lor, endeavors to k.-ep this momentous
 A** ue ou x,e w. i hey are endeav
 oring to make you,think this agitation
 is a saclioaal question; but wi»o presses
 it upon us? Die South asks you to
 yieD your interests, y-, U r honor, and
 your constitutional rights t&lt;&gt; their bid
 ding, and extend slavery; ami because
 you refuse to do it, they charge y OU
 with agitating factional questions!
 Judge ye who it is that agitates sectional
 questions.
 have little to aay about the nomina
 tion of Gen. Taylor, although they aay
 jb® is ft they tell you he is in
 &amp;vor of abolition; in favor of the Wil
 mot Proviso, the peace candidate, and
 nil that sort of stuff. I caution you,
 and as I am to meet you before tbe bar
 of final account, I demand of you that
 you furcish evidence upon such a qtiea
THE NORTH STAR,
tion us thL. Has it come to this, le
 rue know Are you to surrender youi
 interests, your rights, and the interests
 aud rights of your offspring, of future
 generations, because a man in Bostoc
 nays that he has a letter in his pocket
 that informs him that General Taylor u
 a Whig? (Cheers.) 1 mean no per
 sonal disrespect to that gentleman, bul
 when 1 see him attempting to hide a
 question of this immense, unspeakable
 magnitude, and to lead his feilow-citi
 z»*ns to the polls with such a letter at
 this, I don’t care if he has such a let
 ter; for if Gen. 'Taylor is really iu fa
 vor of these things, and is afraid to
 speak out, he is not the man for me.—
 (Cheers.) No, sir, if he has these
 teelinirs in his heart, if he sees and
 comprehends the vastness of this issui
 and dare not lortimis scnimtem*,
 he is unworthy of confidence. What
 do you suppose would have been
 thought of Samuel Adams, or the pa
 triots of that day, if all that could
 be said of them was, that somebody
 had a ldttcr in his pocket which proved
 that they were uufiitndiy to Great
 Hi Haiti
 But shall we compare the interests
 then at stake with those now r They
 hear no conceivable comparison with
 them. Imagination cannot see, knowl
 edge cannot comprehend the heaven
 wide difference between the two. 'lhe
 oppression of Great Britain was as far
 below and inferior to the oppression
 which you and your child.en will re
 ceive if you thus extend slavery, as
 hell is below heaven. 'Talk to me
 about (veil. Taylor's being opposed to
 the extension of slavery! 1 wrote him
 just as pleasant a letter as I could on
 tiie subject, one ot the most agret able
 and respectful letters you ever saw, in
 order to learn Ins pinions, and 1 tejl
 you that you ex,nut kick hint into uu
 answer. To u-e a Western phrase,
 be ’possums.” In our W«,-i&lt; rn coun
 try, he could not run for Constable.—
 A man who sli &gt;u!d set himself up for
 public office, and suppress hi-opini &gt;ns
 could n &gt;t maintain an argument upon
 the stump. The very motive for voting
 for a man there, is because we believe
 he possesses sentiments in accoidance
 with our own. But if you d net know
 whether he possesses any sentiments or
 not, in God’s name why do'you vote for
 him
 I a-k you now. editors, political rnen,
 statesmen,'politicians and people, stand
 forth if you can, and show me the mail
 south of Mason and Dixon’s line that
 ever gave, a vote in Congress, tfuder
 heaven, limiting slavery? Where is
 there a man souih'of Mason asffl Dix
 on’s line that dares avow such a senti
 ment? Kvery man South of Mason and-
 Dixon’s line, Senators and Representa
 tives, has voted continually uuu without
 exception for the jast twenty-five years
 against the limitation and in favor of
 the extension of slavery, whenever the
 question lia» been agitated. When 1
 make this assertion, 1 make it accord
 ing to the best information I have, and
 you can correct rne if 1 am wrong.—
 And if no man South of Mason and
 Dixon’s line has ever done that, do you
 believe Gen. 'Taylor i» the only man
 that will do it
 j voice—John M. Clayton
 1 thank you; his name escaped my
 memory; but now I think of it, John
 M. Clayton lives north of Mason and
 Dixon’*; line.
 Look at Jefferson Davis, the son-in
 law of Gen. Taylor, the man that he
 lias delighted to honor, in whose wel
 fare and interest his whole soul is
 wrapped up, see him put forth every
 energy in unalterable hostility to the
 Wilnjot Proviso, declaring Unit Gen.
 Taylor is opposed to it, and yet the
 Boston Atlas teiis u&gt; that he is in iavor
 of it. Will the people believe you arc
 speaking the truth, a :d Davis lying?—
 m W ill the Whigfc o. B &gt;!.iou be misled by
 such pretences as this? I don’t care
 what you are, or who you are; if you
 are an honest iwaD, you are the noblest
 work of Gxj, and will n -t be deceived
 or controlled by any man whatever,
 when you see the momentous matters
 lying befotve you.
 [Mr, Sumner asked about Governor
 Jones.]
 Governor Jones was advocating the
 election of Gen. fay I »r on the stump,
 and saying that he was opposed to the
 extension of slavery, when he was
 asked, Are you opposed to it? Gov.
 Jones evaded it. Hat a man on the
 stump is bound to kt his whole senti
 meuts bo known, aud when he saw he
 could not evade it, lie answeieikthat b
 was not. And 1 w ant to kn &gt;w it vou
 will vote f »r a man h is not i i favor
 of the extension ot slavery?” He
 evaded it; but the man would noflet
 him otf until Gov. Jones saw he was
 inexorable, and *«oid he would not.—
 Now, if you are gummed by such men,
 you will have enough of them,
 How is it with Cass?]
 Well, ready, it you bud waited six
 weeks longer, you would nut have ask
 ed that. Wait six weeks and he is out
 of the question. (Cheer-, aud laughter.)
 You had better be erecting a to most one
 for that man; you had better write his
 epituph. Geo. Cass! a wau who has
 bowed to the slave power s low that
 no honest man can get down low enough
 to throw the mantle over Him! (Great
 sensation.) Gen. Cass! a man who
 declares that you are bound to rote for
 the establishment of slavery in the ter
 ritories who says you have no power
 to resist it; that it w a violation of the
 Constitution to assert your rights!—
 Talk of him among the Democrats!—*
 Where is be? John Van Bures said
 that he was killed off* at the Baltimore
 Convention, and they were carrying his
 body homa by way of tha canaL He
 said, too, that if be was nominated,
 they would have to take affidavits to
 show to tha people of New York, to eon
RIGHT IS OF NO SEX—TRUTH 13 OF NO COLOR—GOD IS THjf FATHER OF US ALL, AND ALL WE ARE BRETHREN.
vince th*.m he was a candidate six
 weeks hence; and 1 say it in the hon
 est sincerity of my heait. lam aware
 that it has been uiged upon you and
 me, and every body else, that we must
 vote for Tay Dr, or Cass will be elect
 ed. I tell you it will not be so. But
 suppose it were the case; we would
 have to make some new discovciies iu
 moral science and get some inoial mi
 croscope by w hich to discover the shade
 between these two men. Cass and
 Taylor! The Devil and Beelzebub!—
 [Great cheering and laughter.] And
 are you hound to determine tiie moral
 distinction between them, when the
 shade is so slight that Omniscience it-
 self could not discover it?
 But i know that lam tedious.—Cries
 of g« on.” it-wa* now teif
 c’wlock. Vv*
 [How is it with Taylor?]
 1 don’t know. I wish I had power
 of eloquence, and conception, nni im
 aginatiun, to place this before tiie peo-j
 pie to-night just as it is, to tear away
 the veil, and let Gen. Taylor and Gen.
 Cass stand lot th. It is said that Gen.
 Taylor is a Whig. Am Ito argue the
 question whether he calls himself a
 Whig, when the great question is the
 enslavement of yourself and your chil
 dren? Will you vote lor bun because
 he culls himself a Whig? A Whig!—
 1 have no doui»t he is such a Whig as
 Milton Brown, such a Whig as Alex
 ander H. Stevens, and other Southern
 men who went tor'Texas. If he is u
 Wtiior, it means such a Whig as that.
 1 want you to jvuow, my fellow Deuiu
 ciats, t,.ui you a.e to be cheated and
 du-liaudod, that the Southern Stales are
 to go tor iay lor aud not lor Cass.—
 Lmy one oi t..e Southern Slates wi.l
 go ior Taylor. ilieie will be good old
 Oootli Carolina; that staunch eld V\ hig
 state! She will go lor ’i ay lor. And u
 you follow the lead, old Massachusetts
 will stand beside her V\ hig sister! '1 wo
 ?uch lug States the Loia never made
 beiore, and never will ueain. Isaac
 Id. Holmes, of Sout i Carehua, in 1545,
 in reply to a speech of mine, di clartd
 it to be a duty to take Texas, lie said
 i that we must have more teri itory, and
 it was not only necessary to have Tex- 1
 as but the whole of Mexico lor the ex-;
 tension of slavery. That man, only
 day before yesterday, declared himseilj
 the uncompromising advocate of*Geu. j
 Taylor's election. Isaac K. Holmes a.
 Whig, and voting lor a Whig candi
 date! I call your attention to these
 facts. Jelfershn Davis, 1. E. Holmes, I
 and Gen. 'Taylor! A beautiful trio of!
 Whigs!
 Southern men whfrxiq.ver vote
 against tiie extension of slavery, are!
 n &gt;w going for Gen. Taylor because!
 they believe he is in favor of its exten-j
 sinu, and here you are at the North!
 voting for him. because you suppose lie!
 is opposed to the extension of slavery!!
 One of you must be deceived. If you
 arc honest, the South art* being hum-j
 bugged; and t.iat is itself dishonest,
 for 1 would not cheat a slaveholder.—
 Only think of it—Massachusetts votes
 for Taylor because he is opposed to ex
 tending slavery, and S. Carolina votes i
 for him because he is in favor of it!—
 Did you over know the slave power!
 deceived by a slaveholder? Is not ev
 ery interest of Gen. Taylor in favor ot
 extending slavery? It certainly is.
 John C. Calhoun, the giant intellect!
 !of the South, the mighty advocate of
 sla\eiy and of slave interests, wh was
 in favor of annexing Texas, he will
 soon stand forth for Gen. Taylor.— 1
 Suppose lie does, and Daniel Webster,
 that intellectual giant of the North,
 whom I have admired more than any
 j man living, for his gigantic powers of
 mind—and I verily believe he will un
 seal his lips, and would that a thunder
 bolt might unseal his lips in favor of
 i freedom—if he was to vote for General
 j Taylor, which of these two mighty:
 minds would be deceived? Daniel
 Webster cannot be deceived, neither
 can John C. Calhoun. They may de
 ceive themselves bv shutting their eyes,
 but I say they have the means of know
 ing the facts, and ought to know them
 And if they have a right to know the
 facts, you have a right. Your vote and
 j mine are as good as Daniel Webster’s.
 Every man should see, aud judge, aud
 know for himself.
 One thing further about Gen. Tay
 lor. When was it that this plan of a
 campaign was put forth. At a meeting
 in South Carolina, in April, 1547, John
 C. Calhoun decla !ed in substance to
 the meeti ig that the iuterc»ts of slavery
 would be jeopardized at the next Presi
 dential election, atid he u gfd the peo
 ple to throw aside their party preju
 dices, and unite in favor of s mie man
 to sustain their instituti m, with u force
 of language aud eloquence which I
 cannot describe. In a letter t» Mr.
 Peyton, by Dixon 11. Lewis, dated
 April 3J, 1347, he inquires on what
 terms Gen. Taylor is to run. When
 Gen. Taylor was deteimined upon,
 there were.not five Whigs in this C’om
 monweftlth who had any suspicion of his
 being a candidate. Yet Dixon. H.
 Lewis, a Loco FMc wrote to know the
 t*rms, and they were, that he was not
 to run as a Whig or Democrat,but was
 to discard both parties. He was not to
 proclaim his principles, but was to run
 upon toe general circumstance* of the
 case, and ail parties wrre to support
 him. He is called a Whig, but this is
 the first time l ever knew a man made 1
 a Whig upon compulsion.
 [What are the: chances of the Free
 State*?]
 Tiie contest is not between Taylor i
 and Casa; it is between Taylor and the j
 nominee of the Buffalo Convention
 (Cheering.) The Buckeye State, the
 third in the Union, has gone for free
 dom. Her Convention of the 93d of
 thin month, was e Convention dignity
 jof character, in moral excellence, and
ROCHESTER, N. Y, FRIDAY, AUGUST 4, 1843.
intellectual power, unequalled in the
 State. The Whigs of Ohio have foi
 two years past taken their positi n.—
 They have declared unalterably in the
 i Legislature ami State Convention, that
 they will sustain the principle of tree
 territory unyieldingly, and tue Whigs
 of Ohio have memories that can la*:
 two years. Many of the L)etn&lt;jcratic
 counties have passed resolutions to the
 i tame effect. The bigs in eyery
 county in that State, I believe, have
 taken the unyielding resolution, and
 they will redeem the pledge made be
 fore the world and before heaven. You
 cannot humbug and deceive the Whigs
 jof Ohio. Ohio go for Cass or Taylor?
 She will do no auch thing. 1 tell you,
 fellow citizens, I represent no such con
 -1 stitaenfta, no* cor Ijfc*ver would repre
 sent such constituents.
 Look at the West still further. Go
 to the youngest of the whole sisterhood
 of States—Wisconsin. There have
 just arrived from Wisconsin in the Na
 tional Legislature, four Representatives
 two Senators, every one of them Barn
 burners of the very first water. They
 never will surrender their birthright to
 the slave power. Go ask these men if
 Wisconsin can be carried for such men
 as Cass and Taylor, and they will tell
 you, in words that burn, that she can
 not. Well, in Michigan, where Lewis
 Cass himself resides, the people arc
 moving. Truth is doing its mighty
 work. The advocates or freedom and
 liberty stand forth unshackled, and even
 in i is own State Gen. Cass will not have
 a Corpotui’s Guard in less than six
 weeks. N&gt;t o in Indiana. They are
 moving tlie*--; and you all understand
 what they .11 e doing in New York. 1
 don’t believe Gen. Tayjor or Cass will
 get her nomination. I have said, and 1
 stand to tlie usseition, that I have never
 believed that a single free State of this
 Union would degrade itself bv voting
 lor the extension of slavery, or for am
 man who sustains slavery. I do not yet
 believe it. I will not believe that the
 intelligent freemen of this age, in the
 year and American citizens, car.
 he deceived into such an outrage
 into such moral suicide. It cannot be.
 How is it in Massachusetts? I have
 seen enough within the last ten du. 5 to
 convince me that she is to stand where
 she stood in the days that tried men’s
 I souls, in the times of-Adams and War
 ren, of JBunkcr Hill, and Concord, and
 Lexington. That spirit is now rising,
 and it will stand fbrtii and speak iu tones
 !to be heard and thrill the nation. The
 evidence that 1 have seen in Lowell and
 in Lynn to-day, has convinced me that*
 will toon b% rcdhegiccf
 and regenerated. I tell you, one and
 all, tiiat the consciousness of the rights
 lof man, of the dignity 9 ith which he
 was created, is becoming general.—
 Those rights with which the God of na-
 I tore has endowed him will be rnain
 -1 tained. The car of freedom is going
 on; and, doughfaces, you had better
 stand out of the way, or yam will be
 j ci ushed beneath it.
 With my most hearty thanks for the
 indulgence with which you have been
 pleased to listen to my plain and open
 remarks, tendering my thanks tor your
 kindness and hospitality, 1 now bid you
 an affectionate farewell.
 IO» We copy the following address from
 j the Model Worker. It was first read by
 Gerrit Smith in Buffalo., before the Radical
 Libeity Party Convection, and was subse
 j quently adopted by the Convention. We
 need scarce ask lor it a careful perusal, since
 j anything from the pen of Gertit Smith, will
 be read with interest by the colored jcople ot
 this country. The address tells some plain
 truth, aed such as we ought 10 profit by.
 TO THE COLORED PEOPLE OF
 THE NORTHERN STATES.
 Brethern—We are engaged, “arm
 and soul,” iu breaking the chains ot
 three millions of teiaves. e need
 your help. You are under pecuiiai
 obligations to give it. From the fact
 that you and these slaves belong to t.n
 same variety of the human (amity, uik
 that many of you, and all &lt;»t your a.,
 cestors. have been slaves, it is but na
 tural, that the horrors of slavery shoul&lt;
 j be ever before you, aod ever arousing
 you t.» efforts for the deliverance of it:
 victim*. Nevertheless, so far lruu
 y«&gt;ur 0* lag the wo-4 prompt and clh
 ciout helpers of our work, you an
 Hiii mg the greatest biuderacces to it.
 The d *ctriqe of the slaveholders is
 that the negro is fit for 00 other condi
 tion than slavery. We need not say
 that our d :ctrine is, that every man i
 tit tor liberty, and Bn man (or rtavery
 ihe slaveholders hope tor your ili-do
 jug and debasement, mat their dwetnut
 may, thereby, be justified. We hope
 for your well-doing and elevation, that
 it may, thereby, Jbe related. Readily
 and i &gt;yfully, d we admit, that many o.
 you are d »iag much to refute it. Ma
 ny of y»u are manifesting many quali
 ties of head and heart, waich prove the
 negro to be as much a man as is any
 othet* variety of man. A few of you are
 1 adorning learned professions. Most ol
 you are industries: and many of you,
 combining with industry, ara
 enabled m enjoy tae comfort*, and ui
 not rare instance*. the elegancies sad
 refinements of life. Nevertheless, it
 renuins true, that, a» a pe .pie, you are
 doing far lets than you about J, to sham*
 the slaveholder# out of their wicked aod
 absurd doctrine, that the negro is fit for
 §!ar*ry only.
 Now, say not in vindication of your
 selves, that you cun afford to be brought
 into comparison with ihe whites. You
 are under the necessity of being better
 tbanlfce vfcitaa,* prejudice
 of color, which, m this lend, is ns migh
 ty as ii is mad. i* &amp;rH*oi% aadngsMWt
 you. B»ey anil tbs ude you
against it. They tray be idlers, and
 yet be respected. But, ifj &gt;ur industry
 relax, you are denounced as lazy.—
 They may be spendtbrilts,without great
 ly, or at ail, harming their reputation.
 But yours is rutned, unless you are rig
 id economists. They uiay indulge in
 iutoxicatiug dunks, and yet be count
 ed with the sober. You must be teetotal
 lers, or pass for drunkards. Profanity
 and licentiousness in them may go uu-|
 rebuked. But you cannot be guilty o!
 these vices, without being disgraced
 and made vile by them. They can af
 ford to be without knowledge—even
 without knowledge of the alphabet.—
 i But the most ignorant of them w ill
 make merry over your ignorance, aud
 despise you for it. They can join se-i
 cret societies, aud yet he respected.—
 j But, if you indulge in the puerilities
 and fooleries of the Regalia and Pro
 cessions of secret societies, you a;e
 laughed at fur the nonsense, and are J
 denounced for such wicked waste ol
 i your wages.
 We said, that you are under the ne
 cessity of being better than the whites.
 We admit, that it is unreasonableness
 and cruelty, which have loreed this ne-j
 ce*sity upon you. But, is it for that;
 reason a less wholesome necessity?—
 Are you, therefore, to be less thankful!
 to God tor it?—and less prayerful toj
 Him lor that measure of grace, which;
 will enable you to live up to the whole
 extent of the demands ot tills necessity j
 Happy, tnrice happy, the people, who!
 are compelled to have, it they but show
 themselves woithy to have, u higher
 standard of ciicumspectioc, propriety,!
 and w isdom, than have others! liappy,
 thrice happy, the people, who are uu- i
 der peculiar obligations to be industii-
 I ous, and frugal, and learned, and vutu-;
 i ous, it only u iicai the given them to ie-!
 spond to these obligations!
 One cause of your interior condition
 —that interior condition, which is soj
 much in the way of the anti-slavery en- i
 i terprise, and which reflects so rnuchj
 dishonor upon it—is too prominent and
 powerlul, to be passed over on this ec
 casion. We refer to your clustering
 j in cities and large villages, and leagu
 ing yourselves to menial occupation.— j
 It is no dishonor to an individual to be
 a servant. But, fora v hole people to
 become servants, is to sink themselves:
 in disgrace. They will, in such case,
 be very natuia ly thought fit lor nothing
 higher. And, true it is, that the occu-;
 r palion &lt;*f a servant, if a-sedation with!
 noise but servants Lo combined with it,'
 rnuft fit for nothing higher than the oc-j
 '.cupafion of a servants Now, such arc
 1 tfte cirowaaetanccs of -the jfreat body *&gt;f!
 those of you, who *are congregated in
 populous places; and hence, the i'ino-|
 ranee, grovelling spirit, and destitution'
 ot manly independence, which charac
 terizes them.
 We have glanced yt the pernicious;
 influence of your inferior condition on I
 the anti-slavery cause. As that condi-l
 tiun rises or sinks, so rises or sinks this
 cause. As that condition rises, soj
 does the slaveholder become weak.—
 As it sinks, so does he become strong.
 Be what you should, and can he; aud
 the enslavement of your iace would no!
 longer he possible. In the develop-1
 meat of your dignity and capabilities,
 the slaveholder would, awe-struck, be
 hold what manhood, what dignity, what
 capabilities, he had been trampling on,
 in the persons of his slaves. Huislave
 h'ildiug heart would U‘&lt;w die within
 him. The rod of the oppressor would
 fall from his relaxed grasp, and the op- j
 pressed go free.
 We will advert to one of the benefits
 which could result to yourselves, from
 the great improvement, which should
 take place in your condition. You;
 political rights, as well as other rights
 of your tnanh &gt;od, are now withheld
 from in &gt;st of you. Our Maker knows,;
 that men will rob, when they can do it,
 with impunity. He knows, tuat they
 will he guilty of the ineffable meanness
 of robbing those of their rights, who are
 too weak to protect their rights.— j
 Hence, His command; R .b not the;
 poor, because he is poor.” It is, be
 cause you are so generally poor, being
 so generally servants, and because you
 are, therefore, accounted vile, that you
 are plundered of your political rights.
 Had the colored people of this State
 b en scattered over the State oo farms!
 and in machine shops, and be» n every
 way, as, in that case, they would have
 been, the equals of the white men
 among them—strong as is the preju
 dice against color, th«Hr respectability
 w ould hare extorted from that prejudice
 the right of suffrage. Nay, that preju
 dice, rn ltcd away before that respecta
 bility, this right would have been yield
 ed up uu.-fe**Mtugly, will.ugly, gladly.
 But the way tu which you mostly
 wrong and degrade yourselves, and re
 tard the progress of the anti-slavery
 cause, remains to be specified:
 It is a sad truth—and as strange as
 s ad—that great numbers of the colored
 people of the Northern States are bound
 up with proslav«rr ecclesiastical and
 political patties. Wo d not complain,*
 that you chertsb the Methodist, or Pres
 byunao, or any otter reiignua creed,
 j But, we insist, that you who are in fei
 lowauip with religionists of
 whatever deu unination, are the deadli
 nes! traitors to your brethren in bonds.
 Bv means of that fellowship, your re!i-
 T-ton, tuih as it is. endorses *larery;
 !md it is the religious endorsement of
 slavery, which more than anything else,
 keeps ft Ml countenance. Better, infU'
 nitely batter, for your poor lashed and i
 bleeding, and chained brothers and Ma
 ters—and, may wt not add for &lt;hnM
 salves also, that you should never seuji
 the inside of Church, nor the huidnii
 of a BihJ*. than that you shoaid, by
 your pro da very connections, sanctify j
 their cAflaeemcjK- fj
 Agsm, we are notacow e;mplaißiag«'
that you hold these cr those views o!
 political economy, But, most deeply,
 1 do we complain, that you should con
 nect yourselves with, and vote with po
 lineal parties, which, t&lt; gether with the
 pro-slavery churches, ate the grt at
 props of Amcrioau slavery. A colored
 man voting for slaveholder tor a civil
 office, or tor one who thinks a slave
 holder tit for it! What a cruel perfec
 tion of treachery to the poor Southern
 slave is this? How it murders him in
 the house of his fiends! Better re
 nounce ycur right to vote, and youi
 right to personal liberty, and go down
 and grind in the Southern Puson JF use,
 loaded with the ignominious and galling
 chains of slavery, than make sue hr a
 heartless and murderous use, as this,
 of your suffrages and pcrsujmi liherty.
 At the last Presidential Election,
 there were, probably, five votes cast by
 colored men for Henry Clay, where
 one was cast by them for James G.
 Birney;—and, this too, notwithstanding
 that the former exceeds any other man;
 in responsibility for the sufferings of the
 negro race, and that the latter has foi
 conscience sake, emancipated his twen
 tv-eight slaves, and theieby, both made
 himself an outcast from the societv
 which had cherished him, and teduced
 hiinseli'to poverty. W hat unparalleled
 infatuation vva3 this preference for
 Henry Ciay!
 Impressive scene would be the se
 cession from pro-slavery churches and
 and pro-slavery political parties of eve
 ry colored prison connected with them!
 Slavery could not long survive a
 scene so influential and Heaven-blest.
 Oh, that such a scene were at hand!—
 Oh, that it were already one of the
 definitions of a negro: A person, who
 would sooner lose his head than belong
 to a pro-slavery church!” And, ch. 1
 that it were, already another of these!
 definitions: “A person who would
 sooner lose bis head than belong to, or
 vote with a pro-slavery political party!” 1
 When these ahull be among the defini
 tions of a negro, negro slavery will be;
 ready to vanish.
 From the .N. Y. Tribune.
 FREE SOIL MEETING IN BAI.TI-!
 MGKb.
 Baltimore, July 21, 1543.
 Horace Greeley Dear Sir:—l
 have the pleasure of informing you, I
 tljis morning, that the uprising'* has
 actually commenced in Maryland,which
 will henceforth claim the honor of being
 the fifot slaveholdmg Stale that raised
 the glorious banner of Free S-il/or .a
 Free People!
 X preliminary meeting of the friend*
 of the’Free Soil movement, convened
 at Union Hal! last evening, over which
 Hiclts Harris presided, J. Hampden!
 William? acting qr Secretory. Thej
 Chairman read the following circular,
 us explanatory of the object*of the,
 meeting, accompanying it with a few
 appropriate remarks, the chief purpose!
 of which was to define the position of
 the liie.ids of the movement in JM*ry-j
 land.
 “Dear Sir: Considerable trouble
 having been taken to ascertain the ex-,
 tent of the feeling in this city and state,
 in relation to what is known as the
 Free Soil movement, it is confidently
 believed that there exist the elements
 of an organization upon that basis,
 which could not fail to command*re-j
 .-pect, and produce the desiitd effect in
 the corning election.
 “The object of this Circular is to
 s 'licit the attention of such as are be
 lieved to be in favor of the movement,
 at on informal meeting to consult as to
 the expediency of calling a more gen
 eral and public meeting for thoiough
 organization, and the appointment of
 Delegates tj the Free Soil Convention
 to be held at Buffalo on the 9llx of Au
 gust neat.
 “If you can sympathize with this
 object, you are hereby respectfully in
 vited to att&lt; ud such a meeting at Union
 Hull, on Thursday evening next, 2U:h
 inst., at 8 o'clock.”
 The following preamble and resolu
 tions were passed unanimously.
 YVhf reas, A General Convention of
 such as are opposed to the further ex
 tension of slavery has been culled, to
 assemble at Buffalo on the 9th day of
 August next, lor the purpose of nomi
 nating suitable candidates for the offi
 ces ot President and V ice President of
 -he United States,and to take such steps
 as may be necessary to unite the friends
 of Free Soil in the coming content; and
 wherca*, said calf meets with our cor
 dial approbation, believing, as we have
 reason to do, that it has teen made in
 good faith toward the vested rights of
 exist ng Stares, and contemplates no
 interference with the same, we deem tt
 to be both our privilege and d »ty to co
 operate with the friends of Free Soil in
 the contemplated Convention; There-'
 for,/, be tt
 Resolved, That an adjourned meet
 ing be held at tins place on Monday!
 evening next, for the purpose of np-t
 pointing Delegates to repr&lt; scut the
 friends of Free Soiliiithe Buffalo Ccc
 vyotioa, and to take ruch other •ccpF
 asjinar be deemed necessary and pr jmr
 for the promotion of the Free Soil
 movement iu Maryland.
 Resolved, 1 bat,ail persons favorable
 to the i re# SoJ (fioveuaui he invited
 through the press to attendsnd portlet*!
 pate to the meeting.
 A Committee of five was then on!
 anti »n appointed by the Chair to drafi
 suitable Resolutions for the considers-}
 tton of the meeting on Monday eve-
 nu»g. k these resolution* correspond
 in spirit with tfoMbregoieg preamble,
 I her win so doubt he well received and j
 produceaa tmpurtsoieffect on thissoo*
 utanity. 5 J
 Sesenil addresses were delivered by
 grntleuicn who have been uo&amp; uow
 c-oimected *vj*!t the Wb»|, Dtacorai-
iOIIN DICK, r*STUBsa.
WHOLE N 0.—82.
i ic, an J Native parties. Tnese m
 itum sp he in bold and decided term?
 ot the evils of slavery, and of the ne
 cessity of passing umomjiromisinz laws
 positively prohibiting its extension to
 Tenitones now lue, and announcing
 ibeir duerminaticn to abandon the old
 parties (it the V\ big and Democratic
 Conventions had indeed left any par
 ties exisi.ng!) and throw their votes and
 influence, into the new part/of princi
 ple, of which the Free' Soil for a
 Free People,” id the hopeful and cheer
 ing watchword. They wire severally
 appiauded for their mauly sentiments
 and the earnest spirit in which they
 found an utterance.
 Depend upon it, the uprising” has
 commenced in earnest here, and the
 result cannot be otherwise than benefi
 cent. I know the news will be hailed
 with joy by the fiicndsof the Free Soil
 movement everywhere, and therefore
 have hastened to send it to you. Let
 us* rejoice together over the cheering
 prospect that is opening before ns!
 Hopefully yours, S.
 NEW CASTLE CONVENTION.
 Agreeably to previous appointments,
 a luige convention of the friends of
 Free-Territory assembled in the Court
 House at New Castle, Henry Co, Ind.
 July 4th 1818.
 't he Business committee presented
 the following Preamble and Resolu
 tions, which were received.
 Whet pas, American Slavery is the
 principal if not the only cause of the
 present convulsed state of our fiaticr,
 politically and ecclesiastically and
 whereas we believe that the time has
 fully ccme for the free men of this na
 tion to take their own cause into their
 own hands, and by every proper and
 constitutional means, to try to avert the
 clause that is now hanging over, and
 threatening the annihilation of our re
 maining free institutions Therefore
 1. Resolved, That the free states of
 this Union should be immediately re
 lieved from the burdens, entanglements
 nnd difficulties of Slaveholdiug po
 litically, pecuniarily and morally.
 2. Resolved, That the principle of
 gi\ing a representation to property iu
 our National Legislature, and property
 votes in the election of President and
 Vice President of tire Union, is not
 allowed to any free states, and the
 grant of it to slaveholders is odious in
 the eyes of freemen, a dark stain upon
 o' v r political institutions, and should%e
 expunged fr&lt; m qui- national constitu
 tion, end banished from our memories
 uttii*: earliest possibly hoar.
 3. Resorted, That in spiiil audnruth
 Micro are But nvo great political parties
 in these United Stages the Anti-Slave
 ry party, and the Pro-Slavery party
 —the two great parties that have ruled
 the nation for ihe last lot ty years, now
 called tlte Whig and Democratic par
 ties are both pro-slavery, tint the proat
 dividing questions between them re
 specting Bank, 'tariff, Subtieasury &amp;.c,
 grew out of the conflicting interest
 between f ree and Slave Lufi6r, and
 hud not slavery existed, no such ques
 tions would have distracted (he nation
 for so many years.
 4. Resolved, that the above questions
 can nS longer humbug the people.
 Such questions are cast in the thadc
 of the overwhelming and vitally inter
 esting question.* of slavery and liberty,
 for the principle of the W ilrnyt Proviso
 is now the quiet ion around which the
 friends of Republican Democracy, of
 liberty and quality must rally.
 o. Resolvtd, l hat the Convention
 appoint delegates to attend u state con
 vention, to be held hereafter (the time
 uiid place not yet designated to co-op
 erate with the people’s movement now
 going on in the tree states for free soil,
 «md free territory, by appointing dele
 gates fo the national convention to be
 held in Buffalo oil the 9th of August
 next.
 Stile they Come. The C eil
 (Md.) Democrat states that six slaves
 absconded from u Mr. Gilpin, in that
 county, a few days since. Their mass
 ter was absent on a joorfKy, and they
 took the favor..fife opportunity to stait
 upon their:*. They probably d'-nigned
 making a aunjfwi' tour to the North.—
 It is supposed that the North Star wo*
 accessary to their escape. By the way,
 should not Mr. South Carolina Butler
 provide in his Bill” for the punish
 ment of that fanatic ‘•tar? Chief Jus
 tice Taney menace it with fine under
 the law of J No doubt he can etrctch
 that law till it will cover this abolition
 luminary; or, ff this caimot be done,
 Judge Lynch should take the obetmato
 incendiary in hand and deal summarilv
 with it. V. hen they have extinguished
 that Northern fight, they may tndulgw
 zotne hope of success in their eff*(ps to
 suppres* in free heart* all »yo:patiiy for
 the fugitive slave. They have ttUvd
 uawuelry in frying the moat difficult
 work first.— J*a. b'ettauxn.
 As RxTit aokdix.i itv Wo max.— Mia*
 Mary Chambers, of Nottingham, Fng.,
 who died in her 7f*t year, wax a remark
 able instance of wonderworking power*
 of persevering apphcalion under £t««i
 natural disadvantage*. Deprived of
 light from the age of two y eara, she
 nevertheless wn enabled by doeo
 study and unremitting effort* to ecqoife
 a taor.ogh knowledge of classed! hteri*
 ture, being well versed m the Hebrew,
 Greek and Lax in languages, and wg«
 also sknJed in arithmetic, geography,
 Rod tbe wee ef the globes. For upward*
 of thirty year* she ha* conducted
 •cbool in Nnttmghatß, and aq inegti*
 raable friend to the blind, having taught
 jratuitouily, very many Uiod children’
 md assisted in founding an
 the t\w for aoch, the benefit* ©f
 vbicti have been grateiWW tcUuowd
 .df- a ShL .mtcv t' I
