Notices.
Annual Meeting.
 The€th Annual Meeting of the Western
 Society will be held at St
 em, Columbiana Co., on Wednesday, Thurx
 d iy, and Friday, the lOth, lTth, and 18th ol
 August, commencing at 10 o'clock, A. M.
 l&lt;et a fall representation of the slaves’
 friends come tip on this occasion from all
 pans of the Great West. Th? political lead
 ers an* marshalling their boats fo? a conflict,
 heir followers are rallying by hundreds ot
 thousands to the support of their party ban
 ners. Time, and money, and labor are ex
 pended to secure object. And shall the
 fiends of freedom, whose faith should be
 strong in the power of Truth, be lukewarm
 and indifferent while politicians are so ear
 nest in their labors, so unltung in their zeal
 The events of the past year should encourage
 us to renewed cff&gt;ra, for every movement ot
 rnportar.ee which-has been made, having any
 hearing upon the question of slavery, fore
 Ahado v* the destruction of the system, anil
 toe oppressors feel that it is so. The political
 parties will make a desperate effort to save
 themselves from the destruction their corrup
 tion has brought upon them; and the efforts
 of the abolitionists to maintain and enforce
 the Right should be proportionally great.
 Arrangements should be made at the coming
 meeting to continue the anti-slavery agitation
 by the itps of the living speaker, and to ex
 tend more widely the circulation of the So
 ciety's pH per—the Anti-Slavery Bugle. I*m
 none of the friends who can be there, absent
 themselves for any light cause, for the pre
 sence of all, and the couesel of all is desira
 ble.
 Besides the friends of Liberty in the est i
 who will be present on the occasion, Henry I
 G. Wright and Cuts. C. Burleigh are ex
 pected to 1»« in at tendance, and perhaps oilier
 representatives of the Last.
 LOT HOLMES, Fee See.
 THE CALL.
 THE GREAT NATION AL CONVEX-1
 TION OF COLORED FREEMEN of the!
 United States, will be held in Cleveland.
 Otuo, commencing on Wednesday, the sixth
 d iv of September next.
 Let the Colored Freemen all rally to this
 important gathering. This is a crisis, and
 something we must and will do
 We hope to see the East, North, South i
 snd West, come up in one mighty, unbroken
 phalanx, to do battle for God and humanity
 Signed, by request of Illinois, Indiana,
 Michigan, and Ohio, (the Western parts ol:
 New York and Pennsylvania being readv.) j
 'M. R. DELANY.
 Hamilton, Ohio, June 6, 1848.
 ICT Mystery, and all friendly papers, please
 copy-
 UJ* The Choctaw government now appro
 pri ales a year for coinmou education 1
 purposes.
K7* We learn that the Democratic party of
 New Bedford, Mass, after a full discussion of
 tha merits of Gen. Cass and M. Van Buren,
 voted to throw their united vote for the latter.
 Jfeeting of the Free Soil Democracy
 in New York.
 A large assemblage of the Free Soil Demo
 cracy of New York was held at the Park on
 Tuesday the 18th ult., to notify the nomina
 tion of Martin Van Buren. The Tribune
 says the meeting was estimated to number
 from .fifteen to twenty thousand persons.
 Stephen Allen was appointed President. One
 hundred and eight Vice-Presidents (6 from
 each of the eighteen wards) were then ap
 pointed, and 30 Secretaries. The following
 were among the resolutions adopted
 Resolved, That the Democratic party of
 this City his been revived by the action of
 the lit a Utica .Convention; partaking of the
 enthusiasm which chiraeterizod its proceed
 ings, we shall imitate its energy and aspire to
 Its resolution. To all its acts we extend the
 esteem which accompanies the assertion of
 truth and the perforin trice of duty but our
 gratitude is bestowed for their nomination to
 the Presidency of Martin Van Buren The
 leader of his party when struggling for its dis
 tinctive principles, tta faithful standard bearer
 when in power; the calm and sagacious
 counsellor when iu retirement; by las noble
 effort for Free Soil, for the preservation of the
 Territory of the Union float the inroad of
 Slavery—he has given new proofs of wisdom
 and statesmanship, of exalted love of country
 and of true sympathy with the rights and
 interests ol' Humanity,&lt;md has thus establish
 ed hims.df in the great heart of the American
 Democracy.
 Resolved, That \vc are uncompromisingly
 opposed to any “compromise,” which, instead
 of confining Slavery wiiiiin narrower limits,
 shall restrict the bounds of Freedom; that
 the Congress of the United States has no
 power, under the Constitution, to abolish free
 dom in any part of the public domain for the
 purpose of planting Slavery therein, and that
 such an enactment by the present Congress,
 elected for no such purpose, would be an act
 of usurpation and a breach of duty too gross
 to be forgiven, and too shameful to be sub
 mitted to, bv a Free People.
 Resolved, That v\v denounce in advance all
 projected compromises or surrenders of the
 vital principle of Freedom regardless of their
 origin, their object or their extent; that in the
 anticipated defection of the Senate’ we place
 our reliance on the other branch of Congress;
 but should the hope of favor, the fear of pun
 ishment, or the schemes of political ambition,
 accomplish the enactment of a law for the ex
 tension of Slavery over a single square mile
 of Territory now Free, we hereby pledge
 ourselves immediately to enter on the task of
 iva Repeal, and unceasingly to labor for the
 accomplishment ot this object.
 Resolved, That we look with great interest
 to the approaching Free Soil Convention pro
 posed to be held at Buffalo on the Oth of Au
 gust; that we hope our Democratic friends in
 itti* and other States, who unite with us in
 the wish and ihe will, to preserve for freemen,
 in all coming generations, the heritage of free
 dom wish winch this Republic has been
 entrusted, will be represeoud in n,eh Conven
 tion and we nun that the wisdom and
 patriotism oi those who shall g»&gt;uij one it rusv
 guide them ro the adoption of measure*, which
 •haft promote the advance, aid secure the
 triumph of the great principle involved in ihe
 present momentous struggle.
 Letters were read frnn John A. Dix, Sena
 tor from N. Y; John M. Niles, Senator from
 Conn; and others; also the following from
 David Wilmot, of Proviso celebrity
 Washington City. July H, IS4S.
 GcNTLrxtN —I have received the imita
 tion with which you were pleased to honor
 me, to be present at, and address a meeting
 to be held in the Park, on Tuesday, the 18th
 tnet, lor the purpose of ratifying the nomina
 tion of Mari to Van Buren for the Presidency,
 and of contributing to the extension of free
 •nil, and the peinemaiioti of free labor.” 1
 •meecely regret flat my duties here will de
 prive me of the pleasure of a personal partici
 pation in the proj»oeed meeting.
 As an earnest republioan, wlo values the
 principles of his party Mid the honor of its
 came, I cannot withhold the expression of
 my sympathy, and the encouragement of my
 votes, fromiho radical democracy of the
 Bute of N&lt; w York, in their present noble
 and patriotic struggle. The time has come
 for men to speak out. The fact cannot be
 that the patronage and power of
 southern sduumstratioo being wielded to
 crush tlm principles of freedom and to extend
 over lands ws ftroA-theeurscnl human afatve
 ry; sad ow effort is made to control the
ma&lt; c4. U will fix an indelible stain upon the
 character of the Republw. Slavery will l*-
 comotbe controlling power in the government,
 giving shape to it* measures and future policy.
 1 he flag of the Union will no longer be the
 _ cttihictn of liberty, lu triutnpha and it*
 •glonea can no more lie sung to strain* that
 thrill the heart. Some other than a Drake
 1 must write,
 F.ir ev*r flsat (hat stan-laird «hr«t,
 Wh*t« breatha* thr t* 11 ,U* L.I Is before ns
 1 Wub Bt*verj ao«l beneath our feet.
 AiklSumt’i banner streaming o'sr &lt;u.
 For Mr. Van Burea, 1 entertain profound
 rc*j&gt;ect and admiration. 1 hare erer rcgirded
 him a» an example, of republican integrity
 and virtue and. in my estimation, be stand*
 first rmong the living statesmen of America.
 The friends of free soil and free labor were
 1 anxious to remove this territorial question
 from our national patty strifes, and to confine
 f lit to the several congressional districts. We
 j did not ask the interference rtf the Executive
 in our behalf. We demanded no pledge*.
 W e would cheerfully have united in liie sup-1
 jx»rt of any sound republican, who would
 hive leUilns question to the unbiassed action
 I ol the people's representative*. f)ur Souln-
 j era brethren refused to meet us upon this
 ground of conciliation. No lespect was paid
 to our feelings or our wishes. We were re
 j qutrerl to surrender our cherished principles—
 to do violence to our solemn convictions. The
 democracy of the South declared as one man
 that they would support no candidate for t.ie
 I’reseidencv, unless he was pledged to veto
 any law of Congress, securing our territories
 I against the encroachments and aggressions u!
 j slavery.
 The pledge was given; and we are now
 called upon to support the candidate thus
 stultified. If we do so, we give the most
 j solemn endorsement to principles we abhor.
 The tie* of party have been severed by the
 South. The issue has been forced upon us.
 We must meet it. There is no escajm from
 the duties and the responsibilities thaij press
 upon us. For the consequences, we are in
 no resect responsible. They rest upon those
 who have left us no alternative, but to meet
 the question, or abondon our principles. I
 1 know not what course the democracy of my
 1 country and congressional district may take in
 ■the appicaching Presidential canvass. They
 i have the power, and I trust in God, they
 have the moral courage, to i;*scue the noble
 commonwealth of Pennsylvania, from the
 reproach of endorsing by her vole, principles,
 that belie her character and history. To that
 democracy, I am indebted for what I am, and
 all I am. To those friends who have stood
 around me, and sustained me through the
 most trying conflicts, I am bound by the
 strongest obligations of gratitude and honor,
 j Fidelity to them, and preservation of my repu
 tatiou as a public man, untarnished, shall
 control my action in the future, as it has in
 the past,
 Accept my thanks, for this flatten ng mark
 of your confidence and esteem.
 Very respectfully,
 Your obedient servant,
 D. VVILMOT.
 To John Cochran, Eugene Casserly and
 others, committee &amp;c., New York.
THE NORTH STAR.
ROCHESTER, AUGUST 4, 1849.
First of August Celebration.
 The proceedings of this day will long be
 j remembered by the hundreds w ho assembled
 j from the east and the west—from the north
 I and the south, for many miles around, to
 I commemorate the glotious English act of
 emancipation. The First of August is a dav
 j dear to the lovei of liberty, which he trea
 sures up among his most cherished remem
 j brances. The people of Western New York
 have shown, by their presence and sympathy
 on this occasion, that their hearts beat in
 I unison with the great God-given truth; ex
 pressed in the Declaration of Independence,
 that “All men have an inalienable right to!
 life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness.”
 Surely an awakening is at hand among the,
 nominally free colored people of these States.
 They cannot—they will not much longer re-!
 main indifferent spectators of the woes and
 wrongs of their suffering brethren in bonds— 1
 wrongs which many of themselves have ex-
 penanced—the non of which has entered into!
 their own souls. “Up and be doing!” is,
 the doctrine of our times. The enemies of
 right are active and powerful. Ceaseless,
 vigorous and untiring effort is required to de
 feat the machinations of the wicked. When
 such an awakening to effort and to action
 arrives among those w hose freedom has been
 in a measure secured, the day of redemption
 draweth nigh for the downtrodden and the
 dumb.
 We have not room this week for a detailed
 account of the proceedings atthiscelabration. 1
 W e can only state, that a large procession
 formed, as was previously arranged, at the
 l ord Street Baptist Church, and proceeded
 through the city to Washington Square,where!
 extensive accommodations had been made by
 the Committee of Arrangements. The ut
 most good feeling and courtesy were mani
 fested by our citizens, for which (though it is|
 no more than our right, yet being to some ex-|
 tent unusual) we, in behalf of our assembled
 brethren and sisters, tender our hearty thanks, i
 l he meeting in the Square was large. Be
 tween two and three thousand were present.
 After the reading of the English and French
 Emancipation Acts, Frederick Douglass de
 liveted an address, which we give below. He
 was listened to with the utmost attention
 tb.3 hearers univeiMlly, white and colored,
 evidently sympathizing with the sentiment* of
 the speaker. 11. W. Johnson, of Canandat
 gua, then delivered an eloquent oration,
 i w Inch we hope soon to have it in our power
 l to publish. W e are happy to be able to state,
 I that the day passed harmoniously, soberly,
 and pleasantly, without any of those riotous
 manifestations which are too apt to disgrace
 the rejoicing days both of the blacks and the
 whites. 1 he cause of human equality baa
 been advanced bv tbe proceedings of this day.
 Frederick Douglas** Address. i
 Mr. President and Frunds
 M e hsve met to commemorate bo deed
 of secuoual pmie, or partial patriotism to
 erect no monument to naval or military lieio
 ism; to applaud tbs character or commend
 tha courage of no blood-Mainfe warrior; to!
 gloat over no fallen or vanquished ioa; to re
 vive no ancient or obsolete antipathy to
 quicken and perpetuate the memory of no
 fierce and bloody atroggle u. take from the
 a*J»ee of oblivion no slumbering ambers of fiery
 discord.
 We attract your attention to do horrid
 strife; to ao scenes of blood and ear :f t,
 where foul and unnatural murder ear r 1 1 h»
 true designation, because regiment* W Limed.
 We farigbteo not the memories ot l rave men
 slain in the hostile array and tbe deadly en
 counter. The celebration of such an, and
 •ueb deeds, may saftdy bo left to others. We
tiunk Heave*, it committed i mote grateful
 and congenial task.
 The dartre bare met to eommernorate, u
 marked by do deeds of violence, amoemted
 with i.o scenes of slaughter, and excites nc
 malignant feeluiga. Peace, joy and liberty
 sited a halo of unfading and untarniahed|glory
 around this annual festival. On this occa
 sion, no lonely widow is reminded of a
 slaughtered husband no helplesa orphans are
 reminded of slaughtered fat be is; no aged
 parents ate reminded of slaughtered tons; no
 lovely sisters meet here to mourn over the
 memory of slaughtered brothers. Our glad
 ness revive* no sorrow our joyous acclama
 tion awakens no responsive mourning. The
 day, the deed, the event, which we have met
 to celebrate, is the Tenth Anniversary of
 West India Emancipation—a day, a deed, an
 event, all glorious in the annals of Philan
 thropy, and as pure as the stars of heaven
 On this day, ten years ago, eight hundred
 thousand slaves became freemen. To con
 gratulate our disenthralled brethren of the
 West Indies on their peaceful emancipation
 to express our unfeigned gratitude to Almighty
 God, their merciful deliverer; to bless the
 memory of the noble men through w hos 3 free
 and faithful labors the grand result was finally
 brought about; to hold up their pure and
 generous examples to be admired and copied;
 and to make this day, to some extent, subser
 vient to the sacred cause of human freedom
 in our own land, and throughout the world, is
 the grand object of our piesent assembling.
 I rejoice to see before me white as well as
 colored persons for though this is our day
 peculiarly, it is not so exclusively. Thy
 great fact we this day recognize—the great
 truth to which we have met to do honor,belongs
 to the whole human family. From this meet
 ing, therefore, no member of the human fam
 ily is excluded. We have this day a free
 platform, to which, without respect to class,
 color, or condition, all are invited. Let no
 man here feel that be is a mere spectator—
 that he has no share in the proceedings of this
 day, because his face is of a paler hue than
 mine. The occasion is not one of color, but
 of universal man—from the purest black to
 the clearest white, welcome, welcome In 1
 the name of liberty and ji st.ee, I extend to
 each and to all, of every complexion, form
 and feature, a heartfelt welcome to a full par
 ticipation in the joys of this anniversary.
 The great act which distinguishes this day,
 and which you have this day heard read, is so
 recent, and its history perhaps so fresh in the
 memory of all, as to make a longthy and mi
 nute detail of the nature and character of
 either superfluous. In the address which I
 had the honor to deliver twelve months since,
 on an occasion similar to this, at our neigh
 boring town, Canandaigua, I entered quite
 largely into that investigation and presuming
 that I now stand before thousands of the same
 great audience who warmly greeted me there,
 I shall be allowed to call your attention to a
 more extended view’ ot the cause of human
 freedom than seemed possible at that time.
 The subject of human freedom, in all its:
 grades, forms *id aspects, is within the record
 of this day. Tyranny, in all its varied guises,
 may on this day be exposed—oppression apd
 injustice denounced, and liberty held up to the
 admiration of all.
 In appearing here to-day, and presuming to
 be the first to address you, frankness requires
 me to proclaim, at the outset, what otherwise I
 might become evident in the end, my own in
 aptitude to the task which your Committee
 of Arrangements have in their kindness as
 signed rne. Aside fiom other causes of my i
 incompetency which I might name, and.
 which I am sure all present would appreciate,'
 I may, in justice to myself, 6tate that my;
 other numerous engagements and occupations
 have denied me the necessary time for suitablei
 preparation. I would not, however, forget
 that there is an apparent fitness in your selec-
 tton. I have stood on each side of Mason
 and Dixon's line I have endured the fright-,
 ful horrors of slavery, and have enjoyed the
 blessings of freedom. I can enter fully into!
 the sorrow’s of the bondman and the blessings
 of freemen. I am one of yourselves, endur
 ing daily the proscription atid confronting the
 tide of malignant prejudice by which the free!
 colored man of the North is continually and;
 universally opposed. There is. therefore, at
 least an apparent fitness in your selection. If
 my address should prove dull and uninterest
 ing, I am cut off from the plea that the inci
 dents and facts of our times are common-
 place and uninteresting. In this respect, our
 meeting is most fortunate. We live in stirring
 limes, and amid thrilling events. There is
 no telling what a day may bring forth. The
 human min l 4 ia every* here fille with expect-,
 ation. The moral sky is studded with signs
 and wonder. High upon the whirlwind, Lib
 erty rides ss on s chariot of fire. Uur brave
 old earth rocks with mighty agitation. Whe
 ther we look at home orabroad, Liberty greets
 us with the same majestic air.
 We live in times w hich have no parallel
 in the history of the world. The grand com- j
 motion is universal &gt;nd all-, onaciug. King-!
 dome, realms, empires, ana republics, roll to
 and fro like ships upon s stormy sea. The
 long pent up energies of human rights and
 sympathies, are at last let loose upon the
 world. The grand conflict of the angel
 Liberty with the monster Slavery, has at last
 come. The globe shakes with the contest.—
 I thank God that I am permitted, with you, to
 live in these days, and to participate humbly
 in this struggle. We ate, Mr. President,;
 parties to w hat is going on around us. Wo
 ate more than spectators of the scenes that
 pass before us. Our interests, sympathies and
 destiny compel us to be parties to what is
 passing around us. Whether the immediate
 struggle be baptised by the Eastern or Western
 wave of the waters between us, the water is
 one, and the cause one, and we are parties to
 it. Steam, skill, and lightning, have brought
 the ends of the earth together. Old preju
 dices are vanishing. The magic power ol
 human sympathy is rapidly healing national
 divuums, and bringing mankind into the har
 monious bonds of a common brotherhood. In
 some arose, we realise the sublime declaration
 of the Prophet of Pasmos, “And these shall
 be no more see.” The oeeens that divided
 us, have become badges to ope sect w, and
 the wide world has become whispering
 gallery.** The morning star of freedom
 aees from every quarter ef the glebe.
 M Tnm spirit is «piri%-fr«n sack* lo wim,
 Fee* city to huntrt, thy 4vai«| is cast;
 led tyres* and slaves see like Ails is uf eight.
Standing in the far Weal, we any now beer
 the earnest debate of the Western world.—
 The means of intelligence is so perfect, as
 well as rapid, that we seem to be mingling
 with the thrilling scenes of the Eastern hemi
 sphere.
 In thw month of February of the present
 year, we may date the commencement of the
 great movements now piogieasmg throughout
 Europe. In France, at that Uroe, we saw a
 king to all appearance firmly seated on his
 costly throne, guarded by two hundred thou
 sand bayonets, la the pride of his heart, be
 armed himself for the destruction of liberty.
 A few short hours ended the struggle. A
 shout went up to heaven flora countless thou
 sands, echoing back to earth, M Liberty—
 Equality—Fraternity.” The troops heard
 the glorious sound, and fraternized with the
 people in the court yard of the Tuilleries.—
 Instantly the King was but a man. Ail that
 was kingly fled. The throne whereon he sa
 was demolished his splendid palace sacked
 his royal carriage was burnt with fire ant! he
 who had arrayed himself against freedom,
 found himself, like the great Egyptian tyrant,
 completely overwhelmed. Out of the ruins
 of this grand rupture, there came up a Re
 publican Provisional Government, and snaich
 tng the revolutionary motto of Liberty—
 Equality—Fraternity,” from the fiery thou
 sands who had jest* rolled back the tide of
 tyranny, they commenced to construct a State
 in accordance with that noble motto. Among
 the first of its acts, while hard pressed from
 without and perplexed with.;., beset on every
 hand—to the everlasting honor of that Gov
 ernment. it decreed tiie complete, uncondi
 tional emancipation of every slave throughout
 the French colonics. This act of justice and
 consistency went into effect on the 23d
 of last June. Thus were three hundred thou
 sand souls admitted to the joys of freedom.—
 That provisional government is now no more
 The brave and brilliant men who formed it,
 have ceased to play a conspicuous part in the
 political afTairs of the nation. For the pres
 ent, some of the brightest lights are obscured.
 Over the glory of the great-hearted Lamar
 tine, the dark shadow of suspicion is cast.—
 The most of the members of that government
 are now distiusted, suspected, and slighted.—
 But while there remains on the earth one man
 of sable hue, there will be one witness who
 will ever remember with unceasing gratitude
 this noble act of that provisional government.
 Sir, this act of justice to our race, on the
 part of the French people, has had a wide
 spread effect upon the question of human
 freedom in our own land. Seldom, indeed,
 has the slave power of the nation received
 what they regarded such bad news. It placed
 our slaveholding Republic in a dilemma which
 all the woild could see. We desired to re
 joice with her in her republicanism, but it was
 impossible to do so without seeming to rejoice
 over abolitionism. Here inconsistency, by
 pocrisy, covered even the brass face of our
 slaveholding Republic with confusion. Even
 that staunch Democrat and Christian, John
 C. Calhoun, found himself embarrassed as to
 how to vote on a resolution congratulating the
 French people on the triumph o Republican
 ism over Royalty.
 But to return to Europe. France is noy*i
 alone the sceneof commotion. Her excitable i
 and inflammable disposition makes her an ap- j
 propriate medium for lighting more suhstan- j
 lial fires. Austria has dispensed with Met
 ternich, while all the German States are dd-
 minding freedom and even iron-hearted
 Russia is alarmed and perplexed by what is j
 [joing on around her. The "French metropolis
 ts in direct communication with all the great
 lilies of Europe, and the influence of her ex
 *mple is everywhere powerful. The Revolt!-,
 lion of the 21th February has stirred the
 Jormant energies of the oppressed classes all
 iver the continent. Revolutions, outbreaks
 ind provisional governments, followed that
 ivent in almost fearful succession. A general
 insecurity broods over the crowned heads of
 Europe. Ireland, too, the land of O’Connell,
 iraong the most powerful that ever advocated
 the cause of human.freedom—lreland, ever
 •haling under oppressive rule, famine-stricken,
 ragged and wretched, hut warm-hearted, gen
 2io us and unconque-able Ireland, caught up
 the inspiring |&gt;ealasit swept across the bosom
 jf fet. George s Channel, and again renewed
 her oath, to be free or die. Her cause is al
 ready sanctified by the martyruom of Mitch
 ell, and millions stand read; to be sacrificed in
 the same manner England, too—calm, dig
 nified, brave old England—is not unmoved bv
 what is going on through the sisterhood of
 European nations. Her toiling sons, from
 the buzz and dm of the factory and workshop,
 to her endless coal mines deep down below
 the surface of the earth, have beard the joy ful
 sound of “Liberty—Equality—Fraternity'
 and are lifting their heads and hearts in hope
 of better days.
 These facts though unfortunately associa
 ted with great ami crying evils—evils which
 you and 1, and ail of ua must deeply deplore,
 are nevertheless interesting to the lovers of
 freedom and progress. They show that all
 sense of manhood and moral life, has not de
 parted from the oppressed and plundered
 masses. They prove, that there yet remains
 an energy, when supported with the will that i
 can roll back the combined and encroaching
 powers of tyranny and injustice. To teach
 this lesson, the movements abroad are impor
 tant. Even in the recent fierce strife in Paris,
 which has subjected the infant republic to a
 horr.d baptism of blood, may be scanned a
 n 7 of goodness. The great mass of the
 Blows behind the barricade of the Faubourgs,
 evidently felt themselves fighting in the right
 eoua cause of equal rights. Wrong in head,
 but right in heart; brave men in a bad cause,
 possessing s noble seal but uot according to
 knowledge. Let us deplore their folly, bat
 bow their courage; Mpect their aims, but
 their means. Tyrants of the old
 w or Id, and slaveholders of oar own, will point
 10 P complacency to this awful outbreak,
 and say “Aha! aha! aha! we told yen so—we
 told you so this is bat the result of under
 fekj#g to counteract the put poses of the Must
 High, who h-is ordained and antuiioted Kings
 and Slaveholders to rulo over the people. So
 much frr attempting tq make that equal,
 which G«d taade unequal!” These sentiments
 m other words, have already bet* exprsasod
 by si least 000 the classes to which 1 have
 "frned. Ta swell, I say rejoin white yon
 may, far year ttma is short. Tbs day of
 fratdoaisad ovdet.fcat baad. The heaeti-
doubtless will be, many failures, mistakes
 and blunders attending the transition from sla
 very to liberty. But what then? shall the
 transition newer be made Wbo is so base,
 as to hsrbor the thought* In demolishing the
 old frame-work of the Basnle of riril tyran
 ny, and erecting on its ruins the beautiful
 temple of freedom, some lives may indeed be
 lost; but who so craven, when beholding the
 noble structure—its grand proportions, its
 magnificent domes, its splendid towers and its
 elegant turrets, all pointing upward to heaven,
 as to say, That glorious temple ought never to
 have been built.
 I look, Mr. President and friends, with the
 prufoundest interest on all these movements,
 bulb in and out of France. Their influence
 upon our destiny here, is greater than may at
 first be perceived. Maiuly, however, my con
 fidence is reposing upon what is passing in
 England—brave and strong old Englaud.—
 Among tha first to do us wrong, and the firsi
 to do us justice. England the heart of tlu
 civilized world The nation that gave us the
 deed—the glorious deed, w hich we, on this
 day humbly celebrate.
 In these Jays of great movements,- she is
 neither stUnt nor slumbering. It is true, the
 world is not startled, by her thunder, or daz
 zled by her splendor. Her stillness, however,
 is of deeper signification, than the noise oj
 many nations.—Like Jjer ownfuel, she
 less blaze—but more heat. Her passage t«»
 freedom is not through rivers of blood she
 has discovered a more excellent way. Whai
 is bloody revolution iu France, is peaceful
 reformation in England. The tnends and
 enemies of freedom, meet not at barricades
 thruwu up iu the streets of Loudon but. on
 toe broad platform of Exeter Hall. Their
 weapons are not pointed bayonets, but argu
 ments. Friends ot freedom rely not ujkh.
 brute force but u.oral power. Their courage
 is not that of the tiger, but that of the Chris
 tian. Their ramparts are, right and reason,
 ami can never be stormed Their Hotel de
 Ville, is the House of Commons. Their fra
 ternity, is the unanimous sympathy of the op
 pressed and hungry millions, whose war cry
 is not Bread or death,” but bread! bread!
 bread!—Give this day our daily bread! That
 cry cannot, must not be disregarded. The last
 mails, brought us accounts of a stirring debate
 in the House of Commons, on the extension
 of suffrage. The opponents of the measure
 appeared like pigmies in the hands of giants.
 Friends of freedom in the House, are strong
 men. Among them is a man, whose name
 when I mention it, will call forth from this
 vast audience, a round of grateful applause.
 I allude to one, who, when he was but yet a
 youth, full eighteen years ago, dedicated him
 self to the cause of the West Indian bondman,
 and pleaded that cause w ith an eloquence the
 most pathetic, thrilling, and powerful ever be
 fore known to British eais—and who, when
 he had stirred the British heart to the core,
 until justice to the West India bondman rung
 through the British Empire—and the freedom
 which we celebrate, was gloriously trium
 phant; with life in hand, he left his native
 shores, to plead me cause of the bondman—
 and went through our land taking his lot with j
 the despisad abolitionists,and noramaly free col- i
 ured man j arft.d floods ot abuse and fiery tri
 lls, he hazarded Ins precious life in our
 s&amp;uss, at last was finally induced to leave our
 shores by the strong persuasion of his friends
 lest the enemies of liberty should kill him, as
 they had sworn to do, and returned to his own'
 jounlry, and is now an honorable member of
 lie British Parliament. That man, is
 jEOKGL I lIO.MPSON. In grateful re
 aiambrance of whose labors, I now propose
 three cheers. I he '•all having been respond
 ed to, Mr. U., proceeded .J
 If there be one living orator more than an
 nhei to whom we are indebted, that man is
 3EORGE THOMPSON. Faithful to the
 nomtions of conscience which led him to de
 lete himself to the cause of the West Indian
 Slave, he has now consecrated his great tal
 ents to tiio cause of li erty in his own country, j
 There are other noble men Champions of hb-'
 jrty iu the House of Commons, deserving'
 honorable mention; but none, so intimately
 net-led with the great event which dis-
 ttnguishes this day, as that of GEORGE
 1 HOMPSON. His life has been mainly de
 moted to our cause—and his very name carries
 with it an advocacy of &lt;iur freedom. It is a
 gratifying fact, that Mr. THOMPSON, the
 reviled, abus-.d, and rejected of this country,.
 at tins moment occupies the proud position of
 a British Legislator. It shows, that even in j
 England, reward waits on merit. That a man
 with great talents and devotion to truth, mav
 rise to eminence even in a monarchical aud
 arietocratical government.
 1 now yum from the contemplation of men
 and movements in Europe, to our own great
 country. Great we are, in many and very un
 poitant respects. Asa nation, we are great
 in numbers aud geographical extent—great in
 wealth— great in internal resources—great in
 the proclamations of gieat truth#—great in I
 our professions of republicanism and religion
 —great in our inconsistencies—great in our!
 hypocrisy—and gieat in our attrocious wick
 edness. While onr boast is loud and Jong of
 justice, freedom, and humanity, the slave
 whip rings to the mockery w hile w e are
 sympathising with the progress of freedom
 abroad, we are extending the foul curse of
 slavery at borne while we are rejoicing at
 the progress of freedom in France, July, Ger
 many, and the whole European comment, we
 are propagating slavery in Oregon, New
 Mexico, California, and all our blood-bought
 poaoeesioos in the South and South-west.—
 W bile we are engaged in congratulating the
 people of the East on casting down tyrants,
 we ire electing tyrants and men-stealers to
 rule over us. Truly we are a great nation’
 At this moment, three million slaves
 their galling fetters sad drag their heavy
 obsias on American anil. Three million from
 whom ail righto ars nibbed. Three millions,
 a population equal to that of all Scotland, who:
 in this land of liberty and light, are denied I
 the right to leant to read the name of God.— f
 They toil under a broiling sun and a driver's
 land; they are sold tike eaufc in Upmarket
 and am shut out from human regards—thought
 of and spoken of as property—sanctioned as
 property by cruel laws, and sanctified as wish
 by the Cbfupb and Clergy of the eotutwy.—
 While I am addressing yen, fair ol my own
 dear asters and one brother are —during the
 frightful horrors of American slavery, la
 what pert sf Urn tains, thsy may he, Idea*
 know; two of them, Sarah aad Catherine*
from there. lam eat off from ail comimrin
 lien with I cannot bear from them, nor can
 they bear from me—we are sundered forever.
 My case, is the case of thousands; and the
 case of my sisters, is the case of Millions. 1
 have oo doubt, that there are hundreds here
 to-day, that hare parents, children, sisters and
 brothers, who are now in slavery. Oh! how
 deep is the damnation of America—under
 what a loa lof crime docs she stagger from
 day to day! What a hell of wickedness is
 there coiled up in her bosom, and what aw ful
 judgment awaits her impenitence! My friends,
 words cannot express my feelings. My soul
 is sick of this picture of an awful reality.—
 The w ails of bond men are on my ear, and
 their heavy sorrows weigh down iny heart.
 I turn frum these tiorrois—from these God
 defying, man itubruling crimes, to those u ho
 in my judgment are responsible for them.
 And 1 trace them to th 9 door of every Amer
 ican citizen. Slavery exists in this land be
 cause of the moral, constitutional, political
 and religio s support which it receives Iron,
 the people of this country, especially the
 people of the North. As I stand before
 &gt;nany to whom this subject may be new, 1
 ii» &gt;be ailowvd here to explain. The people
 •a uns country are held together by a n
 stiluttou. 1 bat Constitution Contains certain
 compromises m fovnr of slavery, and which
 'bind the citizens to uphold slavery. The
 language of evety Ame noun eilirtn to the
 slave, so far as he can comprehend that lan
 guage is, You shall be a slave or die.’
 Tue history and character of the American
 people confirms the slave in this belief. To
 march to the attainment of his liberty, is to
 march directly upon the bristliug bayonets ul
 the whole military power of the nation.
 About eighteen years ago, a man ol noble
 courage, rose among his orethreu in Virginia.
 We have long been subjected tu slavery.
 The hour for our deliverance has couie. Let
 us rise and strike for liberty. In the name
 of a God of justice let us slay our oppressors.'
 What was the result? He fell amid showers
 of American bullets, fired by United States
 troops. The fact that the Constitution gua
 rantees to the slaveholder the naval and mili
 tary support oi i-.o mtion the fact that he
 may under that Constitution, recapture his
 fiymg bondman in any Slate or territory
 within or belonging to this Union; and the
 fact that slavery alone enjoys a representation
 in Congress, makes every man who in good
 faith swears to support that Constitution and
 to execute its provisions, responsible lur all
 the outrages committed on the millions of our
 brethren now in bonds. 1 therefore this dav,
 before this large audience, charge home upon
 the voters of this city, county and state, the
 awful responsibility of enslaving and tmbrut
 ing my brothers and sisters in the Southern
 States of this Union. Carry it home with
 you from this great gathering in Washing
 ton Square, that you, my white fellow-coun
 trymen, are the enslavers of men, women,
 and children, in Ihe Southern States that
 what arc called the compromises of your
 glorious Constitution, are but bloody links in
 the chain of slavery and that they make you
 parties to that chain. Uut for these compro-
 mises—but for your readiness to stand by j
 them, “in the fi llness of their letter and the j
 completeness of their letter,” the slave might j
 instantly assert and maintain his rights. The
 contest now would lie wonderfully unequal, j
 ■Seventeen millions of armed, disciplined,
 and intelligent people, against three millions j
 of unarmed and uninformed. Sir, we are j
 often taunted with the inquiry from Northern j
 white men—“ Why do your p&lt; ople submit to I
 slavery and dees not that submission j rove
 them an inferior lace? Why hate they not
 shown a desire for lietdcrn?” Such lar

 pnage is as dbgraceful to the insolent men,
 who use it, as it is tantalising and insulting
 to us.
 it is mean and cow ardly for any white man
 to use such language toward us. My lan
 guage to all such, is, Give us lair play and if
 we do not gain our freedom, it will be time to
 taunt us thus.
 Before t.iking my seat, I will call your at
 tention to some charges and misrepresentations
 ufth i A n incan press, respecting the result
 of the great measure w hich we this day com
 memorate. We contumely find statements and
 smiiimeats like this, in the whirlpool of Ame
 rican newspapers—“ The British Colo, ies
 are ruined,” “Th i emancipated negroes are I
 lazy and won’t work,” Emancipation has
 been a failure.” Now, I wish to reply to
 these sentiments and statements and to
 say something about laziness in general, as
 applied to the race to which I belong. Bv
 the way, I think I may claim a superior indus
 try for the colored man over the white man,
 on the showing of the white men themselves.
 We are just now appropiiating to ourselves,
 vast regions of country in the §outh-west.
 What is the laoguage of white men, as to the
 best population to develop the great resources
 of those vast countries? Why, in good plain
 English this tb it white industry is unequal
 to it, and that n* c ,t the sinewy armof the
 sable race is ca, vnt .-Pd-img so. Now, fot
 these lazy drones to bo taunting us with lazi
 ness, is a little too bail. I will answer the
 statements respecting the ruined condition of
 the We*t India Islands, by a declaration re- j
 cently made on this very subject by Lord John j
 Russell, present Prime Minister of England,,
 a man remarkable for coolness sod accuracy
 of speech. In regard tethe measure ol eman
 cipation, be says, and I read from the London
 Times of the 17th of June, 1848
 The main purpose of the act of 19&amp;1 was
 as lhavesuted, to give freedom to 800,000 pe- j
 sons, to place those then living in a condition ul
 slavery in a state of independence, prosperity,
 and happiness. That object, 1 Uuwlt, every j
 one admits has been accomplished. (Cheers.)
 1 believe s class of laborers more happy, more
 in possession of all the advantages and enjoy-
 menu of life than the negro population ut ifie
 West Indies, does nut exist. (Cheers
 b a
 It appears by evidence that tb« negroes of
 the West India ookHtiia stoce the abolition of
 slaveiy had beeu in the best condition. They
 had the best food, and were in all respects
 better clothed and provided for than any
 peasantry m the world. There wan n resrdu
 ttoa passed by t eoromaiee in 1842,
 that the measure of emancipation had eoo*-
 fdefely succeeded so fee as the welfare of the
 aenroen was sonccrued- l believe the noble
 lord the member for Lynn, moved a similar
 Mwdutien on a subsequent nrnasiim. We
 have it ta evidence that the degree# were able
 to indulge in the luxury of dress, which they
 earned to an almost ridiculous excess. Same
 wme known to have dram wrath 60/.”
 New, air, I call upon the pram of Roches
 ter and of thi| country at large, to let these
fccta be known, that alung »S.,jK*d Injure
 r ce may at las»t hare justice done there.
 I moat t:«ank you now mv fnenda, for your
 kind and patient attention: asking your pardon
 for having tresspassed so long upon your hear*
 ing, I will take my j^at.
 Cleveland, July 24, 134«.
 Dei* Douglass Having left Detroit
 on the 10th I have thus far arrived, m
 route for Rochester, where 1 shall meet you
 on or before the glorious f.rst of Auguai—
 that day which, in a mce, struck the sHackle*
 from the limbs of eight hundred thousand
 chaitelized beings in htman form, »h 0 in
 stan.ly, in the majesty of mar.hocd, stood
 erect in the image of their God.
 I held, among the colored ituers, durirg
 my slay, a aeries of routings m Detroit,
 which wore as well attet dt ri as reasonably
 ,ct uld be expected under the c stances
 One I held fur the cinz ns generally, in the
 Pi* sbvt* rian Session Rems,' a notice of
 which, through the papers, hanrg been rrg.
 ected, there were comparat.vely few in at*
 tendance, at which time I took the opportuni
 ty of answering suite pisitiois taken that
 day in the U. S. Su| icuie C ourt, by Mr.
 Pratt, one of the counsel fur plaintiff, in hin
 pro slavery Bible argun ent.
 In general, the colored pcc| le in Detroit
 arodou.g tolerably well—some quite well. As
 I have at other times and elscw here noticed,
 .here are some grx d mechanics here, tr.d
 their number has, dutmg the last four or £vg
 years, been on the increase. 11 ere arc si me
 twenty or more carj enters. acMuly ai d in*
 dustriously engaged, one of wl.i m carries on
 the business quite extensively tivenl pl a4
 terers, duing well at their trades; a number
 of bout and shoemakers; also Liacktn.nl. s.
 Oim gentleman is proprietor of a large cloih
 ing establishment on J&lt; fierson Avenue, the
 principal trading and lusiiuss lhonugLlur* m
 j the city, and if numbers who crowd ihe no;#
 be a test, docs the principal Lusn.css ol ti e
 j kind in the place. Neither are the females left
 j entirely behind, as many of tliem have trades,
 and resort to lire needle as a means of sup
 port, as milliners, mantuamakers, and tailor*
 j esses.
 There is a good feature about this place.—
 rhere is little or no encouragement lor per*
 sons wbu resort to menial occupations for
 livelihood. Tradesmen and farmers find ready
 and constant employment, anti hold a respect
 able rank generally in society. There are
 few of our young men who still resort to ho-
 I tels and steamboats as a business, all of whom,
 j we learn, intend, at the earliest opportunity
 I possible, to quit their present vocations, and
 commence shopkeeping and tilling the soil for
 themselves.
 One colored gentleman ktrep* a fine livery
 stable of good horses and vehicles. A great
 many ow n good real estate in this county, and
 u number own and work good farms.
 There are two schools in Detroit, one kept
 in common for both sexes, by Elder Davur,
 spoken of in the letter of Gerrit .Smith, Esq.,
 ami one by Mrs. Susanna Gordon, a white
 I idy, exclusively for girls. Both are public
 schools, supported by the State.
 They have here two churc! es—Methodist,
 and Baptist, the latter of w hich, Elder Davis,,
 (an amiable and intelligent gentleman.) is
 pastor and a third, for which efforts are now
 being made, an Episcopal, to be erected by
 Rev. W. i Monroe, also an excellent gen
 tleman. There are evidently not sufficient
 people in this city for the support of such
 church, where the greater part incline to tlia
 Methodist and Baptist persuasion, and these,,
 too, a people just emerged from the gloom of.
 slavery.
 The people here have been much imposed!
 upon by a wretch who calls hi-, u-.i Israel Ti
 Davis, having very much the appearance of an.
 Indian, a large person, walks erect, with head
 drooping. This man, under the pretence of
 being a preacher, secured an appoi: iment as
 agent, and collected large sums from time to*
 lime, and eventually ran off wiih from seven,
 to nine hundred dollars of money collected lor
 the Methodist Church, and has never since
 been heard of. f saw- the miscreant once in
 Pittsburgh, endeavoring to collect money, at
 which time I forewarned the people against
 him, which gave some offence, as l.e was a
 member of the church.
 1 he Methodist Church here is evidently the
 most influential, embraci.-g by far the largest
 number of citire s, and once did embrace
 nearly all the most influential and business
 people, a great many of whom have been
 driven off by ignorance and intolerance.
 At much expeosi*. the people have erected
 a substantial and handsome brick church,
 acatly, plainly, and well finished, adorned, by
 ihe efforts of the ladies, with an elegant and
 tasty pulpit. This is the first colored Meth
 vdisl Church I ever saw with closed pews,
 tiung doors, regularly numbered, so that, like
 ither churches, ladies and gentlemen ait to
 gether, in the same pews, promiscuously.—
 Hiia airangernent I highly approve of, since
 i man going to church with his wife, or any
 iriher lady, is not under the necessity of stand
 ing half an hour in the crowded pass way of
 the vestibule, or out of doors, looking m
 everybody's face for the one be escorted,
 Handing merely s chance of meeting her.—
 In my opinion, the arrangement of diflereat
 places for the sexes, in many of ihe churches,
 especially the Methodist, u very iocoovenient
 and awkward.
 The Methodist Church is a branch of*' Old
 Mother Bethel,” and might be s means of
 great good among the people. But unfottun
 ately there is a good and efficient minister st
 present wanted. Tha preacher who holds
 the charge is an illiberal person, speaking
 against every manner of moral improvement.
 Everything that does not yield loclencad
 Ac/wm, is necessarily bad, and therefore of
 the devil, lie certainly a two-faced, doa
 ble toogued, subtle person pretending ona
 thing when he intends another; in whatever
 he does, always having some concealed object
 in view— possessing, though s colored man,
 Uke him of Ashland, a foes for the North sad
 for the South, so that in reality he
 a moat fearfully untrustworthy man. Why,
 id the name ot our reoe, religion, Gad, sad
 humanity, does tha Conference place such
 net over people whose whole dependence fm
 knowledge of the light of troth, the gsaprl.
 men sad things, is apse them, 1 cannot eoo&gt;
 omv* I ask the miniafots who npappaaa ifctf
 Conference, with May of wheel lan mm*-
 aaieJjr aoq or *t they are
 determined, iMSlaad of impact orient. to pro*
 mote ignoraoaa aai isfradniuu amo “I
