13octrp.
Front th* Lit* rty IV-11.
 SONG OF TJIC SLAVE.
 BY Mftft I A ICWtLU
 Oh, Vtrl, tSra -JUrtctt to tje ••to
 When marsing beam* fit it ftp* trig,
 Anil, like fuse, trmrll *t*iftW run,
 Aa trooU I ftinf;
 Thy homin’ heart doth draw thee op
 I nto the ftource of fire,
 Tfton drinkeft from it* glawiaf cop,
 And qoenchcat thy deaire.
 Oh dew, thou droppart *oft below.
 And peatleit all the ground,
 Vet, when the looming comu, I know
 Thou never mn'at he found;
 I would, like thine hal been my birth.
 Then I, without a ft'gh,
 Mi*;ht sleep the night through on the earth.
 To waken in the *ky.
 Oh. cloud*, ye little tender »heep,
 Pasture I in ficl of blue.
 While moon and star* your fold can keep,
 And gently shepherd you.—
 I yet me, too, follow in tie train
 That dcM-kft across tlie night.
 Or Imrers on the open plaia
 Wiu; ncw-jiioru fleece* white.
 Oh singing wind*, that wander far,
 Vet always seem at home*
 And freely play ’twist star and itar
 Along the Iwnding dome,
 I often listen to your s &gt;ng.
 Yet never ln*ar you say
 One word of all the happy worlds
 That e'uine so f.«r away.
 For they are free—ye all are free,
 An I bird, and dew, and light,
 Can dart upon tiie azure sea,
 And leave me to my night;
 Oh, would hke theirs had been my birth,
 Then I, without a sigh,
 Might sleep tlie night through on the earth,
 To waken in the sky.
 Elmwood, Camb. Mass.
 From the True Democrat.
 TOIL OX.
 BT OLIVIA.
 Toil on, thou of the giant mind;
 There’s woik enough to do,
 If faithful to thy fellow man,
 And to thy God thou’it true.
 Toil on; u itltin the prison walls
 Thine outcast brother lies,
 With no kind voice to soothe his woes,
 Nor tar to hear his cries.
 Make haste and stretch a helping hand;
 lie is thy brother still;
 Then chide him not, but dry his tears,
 And do thy Makci’s will.
 Toil on, in servitude and chains,
 And groaning to be free,
 Are millions of thy 1 How men—
 Great God! in slavery
 Combine your efforts, men of power;
 Ibcak every joke and chain,
 And give the mourning captive back
 To liberty again.
 Toil on, yc rirh men, heap your gold
 In coffers for the poor.
 In God’s gieut name turn not away
 A beggar from your door.
 Ye have no right to heard your p&lt;df,
 An 1 call it all your own;
 It is not thine while one remains—
 One starving soul that’s no.ie.
 Toil on,” then, let your motto be.
 The conquest ne’er give o’er.
 Toil on for God and Liberty,
 And for tlie smTcriag poor.
 MOVE OX.
 BY GOODWTN BAF.MBT.
 All ths stars in heaven arc moving,
 Ever round the bright heies roving;
 Twinkling, learning, raying, shining.
 Blackest nigh* with daikness lining;
 Aye revolving through the years,
 Flajing music of tlie spheres,
 Like the eastern star of old
 Moving toward the shepherds* fold,
 Where the wise men, grace to them!
 Found the Babe of Bethlehem.
 God is in each moving star;
 God drives on the Pl* iad car;
 Let His will on earth be done,
 As in heaven the siais move on.-
 Move on! keep moving!
 Progress is the law of loving.
 All the waves of s*a are flowing,
 As the winds of heaven are blown g;
 With a gentle beanad.ke quiver
 Flows the streamlet to the liver;
 With a stronger waved commotion
 Flo tvs the river to the ocean;
 While seas’ billows evermore
 Flow and gain upon the shore—
 Wave on wave in bright spray leaping—
 Like endeavors never sleeping;
 While the jk&gt;ol which moveth never,
 Grows a stagnant bog forever;
 V bite pilled die its tenant tench—
 Green its water, foul its stench,
 Wddering niar*h-fircs o’er it tun,
 While straight flows the liver on.—
 Move on! keep moving!
 Fregiesft is tlie law of loving.
 Thus w ithin the skies and ocean.
 Life is married unto motion;
 Stars revolve, and rivars flow.
 And earth! what said Galileo!
 IV lien in dungeon damply lying.
 Faint and tortured, hardly dying,
 \et, for truth, with honest pride,
 Yet, it move,! it moves!” he eiied.
 And the world! its life is motion,
 As with stars and as with ocean.
 It is moving, it i* growing,
 All its tides are onward flowing;
 Tius tiaud is moving towards the loaf
 The eye is moving to the roof,
 The ratnd is moving to the book.
 The ft live* in a movi.ig i&lt;&gt;- k,
 Tlie hand is moving frotii the sword,
 The heait is moving toward* the Lard!
 Move on! keep moving!
 Frcgrrss is iha law of loving.
 THE REFORMER.
 BY J. G. WUITTIE*.
 Happy he who* inward ear
 Angt l-cinafritinT:* can hear,
 (&gt;*ur tlie rabble’» laughtor;
 .And, wbtk hatred’s fagg' ,u ,Jurn
 Glimpses through tlie **noky disccm
 Of the good ltereoftc*-.
 Kflowing lids, Utet never vet
 Share of Truth w*ui vainly set
 In liw wot Id’s sik fallow;
 After hau*!* sf.ali sow tlir seed,
 After binds f.«na htil and mead,
 Reftp the harvest yell *w.
 That, with loeiewbftt of flie Seer,
 Most tb moral proaerr
 From tlie future burrow;
 Clothe die waste with drcaiaa of grata,
 Aw! on mtduight't sky of i»in,
 T«*.; jte gftUe*. tunw'
Selections.
JOHN C. CALHOUN’S SPEECH.
 The National Era, thua ably dttpotes o!
 C. Calhoua** nonsense, about the digai
 ty and standing of the white laborer in the
 *l*’G atatea. Read these facta. Northern
 supporter of slavery—read it y« Tammany
 i Hall supporters of Casa—read h ye white
 northern working men, and neal your own
 degradation by continuing to support by your
 voice and votes, the men who go for extend
 i*&gt;g the curse of slavery ov.r territory now
 free.
 Rut why argue the question Let
 the Constitution of Mr. Calhoun’s ow n
 State witness against him. That Con
 stitution virtually excludes all but
 property-holders and slave-ow ners from
 any share in the government of the
 j Stale. No person is eligible to a seat
 i in its House of Representatives unless,
 if a resident in the election district, he
 owns a settled freehold estate of five
 hundred acres of land and ten negroes,
 or a real estate of the value of one
 hundred and fifty pounds sterling, clear
 of debt, (nearly $70!).) or, if non-resi
 dent of the district, a settled free-hold
 estate therein of the value of five hun
 deed pounds sterling, clear of debt—
 (about A member of the
 i Senate must own a settled free-hold
 estate of the value of nearly $1,400,
 or, if a non resident of the election
 'district, real estate to the value of about
 $4,500, clear of debt. The Governor
 must own in the State a settled freehold
 estate of the value of about $(&gt;,SOO
 so must the Lieutenant Governor. Hav
 ing thus excluded white or free labor
 j from all control of the government, and
 secured a monopoly ol political power
 and distinction to the capitalists, own
 i ers of slaves and land, the next step
 was, to make the monopoly perpetual,
 and this has been effected by tiie follow
 ing provision in the Constitution:
 No part of this Constitution shall
 be altered, unless a bill to alter the
 same shall have been read three times
 j in the House of Representatives, and
 three tirne.s in the Senate, and agreed
 to by two thirds of both branches of the
 whole repsesentation neither shall any
 alteration take place until the bill, so
 agreed to, be published three months
 pr evious to a new election for members j
 to the House of Representatives and
 if the alteration proposed by the Legis
 lature shall be agreed to in their first
 session, by two-thirds of the whole rep
 resentation in both branches of the
 Legislature, alter the same shall have
 been read three times, on three several i
 days in each House, then, and not other- j
 w ise, the same shall become a part of
 the Constitution.”
 When we remember that the ap
 portionment of representation wfts so
 fixed at the time of tlie formation of;
 the Constitution, as to throw the weight'
 of the political power into the hands of;
 the slaveholding districts that none
 but slaveowners or landed men can be:
 members of the Legislature, or oeou-j
 pants of the offices of Governor
 Lieutenant Governor that these offices
 are filled not by the People, but by
 the Legislature, which also, excluding
 the People from voting in the Presiden
 tial election, itself chooses the Presi
 dential electors and, finally, that no
 alteration can be made in the Constitu
 tion except by three readings ot a bill,
 and a two-thirds majority in its favor,
 in two successive Legislatures—we
 need no further enlightenment respect
 ing the condition of poor white men, or
 free mechanics and agricultural labor
 ers, in South Carolina.
 Did Mr. Calhoun imagine that the
 People of the United States had never
 heard of the peculiar Democracy of
 his State, and its blessed influences on
 white labor
 From tlie Union Magazine.
 WOMAN—IIIIII EDUCATION AND
 INFLUENCE.
 BY MRS. REID.
 The world hears so much in these
 days of woman’s rights and influence—
 the phrase has bec&lt; me so hackneyed,
 w hile so little has been done, that one
 almost fears to open a hook bearing
 th** title of the one before me.
 But the author of this little work has
 ably redeemed the character of her
 sex; she strives to speak open and
 fearlessly, and calls to our aid not
 mere words of indignant feeling, to be
 replied to by sarcasm, but calm reason
 ing that can only be answered by argu
 ments as conclusive. She appeals to
 common sense, and common justice,
 and asks why one half of the human
 race should be considered as irrespon
 sible beings, required to give up their
 rights and interests into the hands of j
 the other half. She claims for women;
 an equal share in civils rights, and an!
 education that will enable her to re
 ceive these rights as she ought.
 She claims for the creature to whom
 God has given a soul and a conscience,
 freedom to live according to their dic
 tate?, and to judge of her owa well
 being.
 Ably does she advocate her cause
 hopefully docs she look forward to the
 luture, nelieving that the time must!
 come when those rights will be ac-l
 knowledged, and freedom be given to
 the enslaved.
 To those women whose minds have
 been awakened upon this subject,
 who are anxiously looking for ’ha* g'*&lt; d
 time, her words come to give courage
 to the drooping heart, and bid it hope
 still. But to a more numerous class,
 it is to be feared she speaks in vain—
 to those who have sunk to the lowest
 degradations ol Slavery, who no longer
 feel their claim, who arc content to be
 mere pleasure-loving creatures, leav-i
 ing all that is woiia living tor to oth
 ers.
 r l lie unimpassioned arguments of
 reason cannot reach them an appeal
 to their feelings is required to rouse
 them from their stupor. To every wo--
 mart who truly feela upon this subject,
 it becomes an imperative duty to add
 her siniJe in the good cause.
 Rouse youmlues, oh, my country
 women, to a knowledge of your true
 condition Kuow that, boru in acoun-i
 try which claims to be the fn eat iu the
 world, one half of its citizens have no,
 participation in the privileges of its
 freedom. There arc no laws which,
 protect cither your persons or your;
 proparty agama the arbitrary will of
i man. The mother baa not even a right
 to the guardianship and care of her
 I’’ children they can be torn from her st
 any moment, at the command of a
 tyrannical or wicked father.
 Let not the happy end the fortunate
 turn away. These things arc, al-
 I though they may not suffer from them.
 Within the last veer, has the moans ot
 a bereaved mother come to ua from a
 foreign land. Beautiful Italy could not
 console her for the children of her love.
 O let us not be deaf to her call, for
 with w« man does her own redemption
 rest, she holds her destiny in her own
 hands. If woman would be but faith
 ful to her trust, if she would make not
 j only heart and soul but her mind what
 it should be, if she would cultivate the
 intellect God has given her, another
 generation would see her chains brok
 en.
 Think you that the son could endure
 to sec the mother he reveres and res
 pect*. not alone for the love and tender
 nos- that have watched over his child
 hood, but lbr the intellect that has
 fostered his maturing mind, subjected
 to the thraldom befitung only an irra
 tional creature.
 If every woman would be true to
 herself, public opinion would he soon
 changed, and in this case public opin
 -1 ion is all. Within the last twenty
 years some progress has been made
 women have at least proved, in deeds
 j of benevolence, where perseverance,
 fortitude and moral courage ate re
 quired, that they are the equals of rnan.
 i Tiie country that has given birth to
 Mi ss l)ix, must acknowledge this, she
 has unshrinkingly passed through
 scenes that might make the heart of the
 strongest man quail.
 With woman, then her own destiny
 rests. In the hands of each mother
 and sister are placed the welfare of her
 sex. If faithful to their trust we may
 1 confidently hope that the time of per
 fect freedom will come—perfect free
 dom to man as well as woman, fur their
 interests are identical “Can man be
 free while woman is a slave Then,
 and not till then, may the human race
 approach that perfection to which we
 are commanded to attain.
 THREE POETS IN A PUZZLE.
 I led the horse to the stable, when a
 frdsh perplexity arose. I removed the
 harness without dilliculty, but, after
 many strenuous attempts, I could not
 remove the collar. In despair i called
 for assistance, when aid soon drew
 near. Mr. Wordsworth brought his
 ingenuity into exercise, but alter sev
 eral unsuccessful efforts, he relinquish
 ed the achievement, as a fifing altogeth
 er impracticable. Mr. Coleridge now
 tried his hand, but showed no more
 grooming skill than his predecessors;
 for, alter twisting the poor horse’s neck
 almost to strangulation, and the great
 danger ol his eyes, he gave up the use
 less task, pronouncing that the horse’s
 head must have grown (gout ordropsv)
 since the collar was pul on, for he said
 it was a downright impossibility for
 such a huge os frvntis to pass through
 so narrow a collar! ‘Just at this moment
 a servant girl came near, and under
 standing the cause of our consternation,
 'La, master, said she, ‘you don’t go a
 bout the work in the right way. You
 should do this, when, turning the collar
 completely upside-d nvn, she slipped it
 oil in a moment, to our great humilia
 tion and wonderment, each satisfied a
 fresh tiiat there were heights of knowl
 edge iu the world to which we had not
 yet attained.— Cottle's Life Coleridge.
 WISDOM OF THE EGYPTIANS.
 Six or seven months ago, a mer
 chant vessel left with acarg j of grain
 lor Malta, and returned alter having
 been sixty days out, the captain report
 ing that there was no such place, as he
 had not been able to find it. This was
 told to the Pacha, and he determined
 with a magic stroke of his wand to
 remedy the crying evil of ignorance; so
 he called together the traders and mer
 chants of Alexandria, and represented
 to them the absolute necessity of having
 scientific masters of vessels, to which
 they gat e unanimous cousent. There
 fore,’ proceeded the Pacha .drawing his
 conclusion with logical precision, 'it is
 neccessary that you should ail send
 your sons to schools and academies in
 Evgpt and Europe, for the purpose of
 recovering the necessary instruction.’
 At this the people stood aghast, and
 ventured to remonstrate, but remon
 strance was of no avail,and they retired
 to consult how they might best evade an
 order so disagi eeable to their feelings.
 After racking their brains for some thue,
 they fixed on and cariied out the follow
 ing plaa. E th father took the son of
 his cook, or of his scis, or his poor
 neighbor, dressed them finely, and sent
 them as scions of the Moslem aristocra
 cy; so that four hundred young fellahs
 were introduced under false names to
 the schools of lvanka and Alexandria,
 and some, I believe, have been forwaad
 cd to Europe. But it was impossible to
 keep toe gecret long. The Pacha was
 made aware of the trick, and vowed
 vengeance on the perpetrators.
 Subsequently tde Pacha &amp;ceni3 to
 have taken the right view of the subject;
 for lie gent them all to labor on the
 public works, rich and poor, high and
 low, old and young, declaring that ‘if
 they would remain ignorant as asses,
 they should work like asses.”
 F.V.11 FHO.II THE HGRLD.
 Imagine an immense extent of coun
 try, many hundred miles broad, and
 many hundred miles long, covered with
 dense forests, expanded lakes, broad
 rivers, and mighty mountains; and ail
 in a state of primeval sunplicty, uode
 laccd by the axe of civilized men, and
 uuteaamed by aught save a few roving
 nordcs of red Indians, and myriads ot
 wild animals. Imagine, amid tins wil
 derness, a number of small squares,
 each enclosing balf-a-dozcn wooden
 houses and about a dozen men, and, be
 tween each of these establishments, a
 space ol forest varying from fitly to three
 hundred aide* in length, and you will
 hate a pretty correct idea ot the Hud
 son Bay Company’s territories, and of
 the number ot, and distance between
 their forts. The idea, however, cosy
 be still more correctly obtained by
 imagining populous Great Britain con
 verted into a wilderness and planted in
 the middle of Hubert’s Land. The
 company, in that case, would baiid,
tkrte forts in it, one at the Land’s End,
 one in Wales, and one in the Highlands;
 so that in Britain there would be but
 three hamlets, with a population of
 some thirtv men, half a dozen women,
 and a few' children! The company’s
 posts extend, with these intervals be
 tween, from the Atlantic to the Pacific
 Ocean,and from within the Arctic Circle
 to the northern boundaries of the U
 nited States. Throughout this immense
 country there are probably not more
 Sadies than would suffice to form half a
 dozen quadrilles; and these, poor ban
 ished creatures, are chiefly the wives of
 the principal gentlemen connected with
 the fur trade. The rest of the female
 population consist chiefly ol half-breeds
 and Indians; the latter entirely devoid
 of education, and the former as enlight
 ened as can be expected from those
 whose life is spent in such a country.
 Even these are not very numerous, and
 yet, without them, the men would be in
 a sad condition, for they are the only
 tailors and washerwomen in the coun
 try, and make all the mittens,mocassins,
 fur caps, deer-skin coats, &amp;e. f worn in
 tlie land. —Every Day Life t'a the JtVds
 of North America.
Sir IsaacXewton’s Courtship. —Sir
 Isaac Newton was urged by one of his
 friends to marry; he excused himself
 by saying that had no time to court a
 wife. His friends said they would
 assist by sending to his apartment a
 woman of worth. He thanked them
 for their offer, and promised to receive
 a visit from her. His friends applied
 to'the woman, and requested her to
 dispense with the usual ceremonies ol
 courtship, and wait on the philosopher;
 which she consented to do. When she
 caine to his apartment, and produced
 her letter of recommendation, he re
 ceived her politely, filled and fired his
 pipe, and sat down by her side, took
 hold of her hand, and conversed on the
 subject. Before they had brought the
 point to a close, some question about
 the magnitude of the heavenly bodies
 struck his mind with suqh force that he
 forgot what he was about—he turned
 his eyes up to heaven, took tlie pipe
 out of his mouth with his left hand, and
 being lost in study, without design took
 the lady’s left hand, which he held
 in his own, and with one of her fingers
 crowded the tobacco in the bowl of his
 pipe, and held it so long that her heart
 as well as her fi ger took fire, and she
 in a huff sprang up and went off, leaving
 the philosopher to finish his study a
 lone.
A Sermon For: Young Ladies.—
 Dow Jr. in one of his late sermons,
 give® the following advice to young
 ladies: “My young Maidens—l know
 you all want to get married as soon as
 you enter your teens; but it is better to
 remain single and live upon the cold
 soup of solitude than to marry misery
 and wed woe. I have but a poverty
 stricken opinion of the majority of my
 sex. They are corr upted by the mis
 called refinements of the age,so inflated
 with pride, so fooled by fashion, so
 afraid of the soil on which they live, so
 given to cultivating whiskers and mus
 taches, while their morals are in a most
 wretched state for want of weeding, and
 so overgrown with hair, vanity, and laz
 iness, that scarcely one in twenty is
 worth being intrusted -with wile.
 Free Soil Convention at Exeter.
 —The People of Rockingham County,
 without distinction of Party.friend
 ly to rhe preservation of freedom upon
 Free Soil, and opposed to the election
 of Cass and Taylor, held a Con
 vention at the Town Hall in EXETER
 on Saturday, July ifitii, for tlie pur
 pose of choosing Delegates to the Na
 tional Convention to be held at Buffalo.
Hillsbury County Free Soil Con
 vention. —The Friends of Freedom,
 Free Territory, and Free Labor, with
 out distinction of party, were invited to
 meet in Convention at the Town Hall
 in Milford, on Saturday, the twenty
 ninth day of July, at 10 o’clock A. M.,
 to choose delegates to the National
 Free Soil Convention, to he held at
 Buffalo on the 9th day of August next,
 and to take such other measures as
 may be necessary to secure the triumph
 of Free Soil Principles at the coming
 Presidential election.
 In the call for this convention is the
 following:
 Not content with sustaining their ac
 cursed system within its present limit I', 1
 the slaveholders of the South have pro
 claimed a crusade for its extension into
 territory now free—Oregon, New Mex
 ico, add California. Their great leader
 in the infernal crusade, John C. Cal
 houn, has declared, in his place in the
 Senate, that this is the Great Is-ue be
 fore the country, and that it must be
 met! He proclaims for himself and his
 friends that they are ready to meet it.
 They have already obtained the con
 trol of both the Whig and Democratic
 parties, and are exulting in the pros
 pect of their anticipated triumph over
 Liberty, Humanity, and the Declara
 tion of Independence, and the Constitu
 tion! They demand not only that sla
 very shall be perpetual where it now
 exists, but that it shall be permitted to
 extend itself over the immense and fer
 tile territories so recently acquired by
 the valor and blood of freemen! In
 short, that the American People shall j
 become the supporters and propagand
 ists of Human Slavery! IJnparalled,
 infamous demand! Without distinction,
 oi party, the freemen of the North art;
 responding to it in becoming tones of
 indignation.
 The bond-? of party,hitherto so strong,
 burst asunder as the green witbs that
 bound the limbs of Sampson! One I
 spirit of determined and unyielding re- j
 distance is pervading the whole North.!
 The musteiing h'ksTa of Freemen in,
 Massachusetts, New Vork, Ohio, and
 the far West, already shake the conti
 nent with their advancing earthquake
 tread! With oqe voice they shout ini
 indignant thunder loses, “We accept
 the issue— we are ready to iseet it!”—
 Ld Hillsborough County, the birth
 place of Starke, re-echo the cry in tones
 becoming her old renown.
 ICKI o double your salary, all that
 is necessary is to reduce your expenses
 one half. People's incomes depeod
 less on what they get, than on what they
 save,
 •CT* L*am to epeid your money for
 that which wiL» do you the most good.
SUffJtrtiocnunte.
FIRST OF AUGUST, THE
 BIKTUim OF 800,090 FREEZES.
 UNION SOCIETY FAIR.
 'JIIE L'MO.N ASSOCIATION will bold a Fair
 mi verya hall,
 Ob Tuesday, August Ist. Tb* public an reaped
 folly iarited to attend.
 E. W. WALKER, Pres.
 mary gibbs, vkw Pr«.
 Doom opes at 10 o’clock, in Urn morniag.
HOLD 101 R HORSES I
 WAVERLY LIVERY STABLE.
 STATE STREET.
 TIIE gulwCTihpi* having recertly entered into Co
 partnership ia the Lsvgry busi ie*a, at the well
 and favorably known stand of W. H. Sprague;
 woulJ state with aD due deference am! respect to the c it
 ixens of Rochester generally, and the riding commu
 nity in partieubur, th.it in order to meet the many
 mahifarions demands of our It tends and patrons, we
 have g.eatly and materially enlarged our Establish
 ment. Our incomparable and anequaled stul of
 Horses, hare all been selected w ith care and judg
 ment w ith art eye to the wants tf those who are in
 the habit of patronising cMahlish'ncnts of this kind.
 We are constantly increasing &lt;w stock of Buggys,
 Su&amp;iys, Carnages, A-., which tor elegance, com
 fort, and convenience cannot 1* excelled in Western
 New York. \X e thit&gt;k our Summer Arrangoments
 approach as near perfection as possible, and inonler
 to press home this tmth more forcibly, we hereby
 fling down llie gauntlet and defy competition.
 SHERWOOD HU3BROOK.
nil 17VD SILK HITS.
 FARRINGTON PRICE, manufacturer and
 dealer in Fur and Silk Hats, Cloth and Fur
 Caps, Ladies* Furs and Trimmings. RuflFalo R&lt;&gt;l&gt;e?
 nnd an assortment of Hat Cases, Umbrellas, &amp;e.,
 £tc. kr.. No. 2, St. Paul Street, Minerva Block.
 OQS“ A usual supply of Buckskin Gloves and
 Miltens.
ROCHESTER SHOE AND LEATHER
 JOBBING HOUSE.
 TIIE subscribers at No. 22 State street .take plea
 sure in announcing to the public licit they have
 completed arrangements by which they are enabled
 to offer the most satisfactory inducements to all en
 gaged in ihe sale or manufacture of Boots and Shoes,
 to comp to this maiket fur a rupqly.
 They arc also offering on the most fanomble terms,
 a lar" stock of Sole an i Upper Leather, Kip, Calf,
 and Morocco Skins, with a full assortment of Fin i
 mg, including Lasts, Pegs, &amp;c. Dealers w ill find it
 greatly to their interest to examine our stock before
 purchasing elsewhere.
 jy 10 SAGE PANCOST.
BRITISH PERIODICAL
 LITERATURE.
 SUBSCRIBE EARLY VVUILE THE TERMS
 ARE LOW.
 RF.PUBLICATION OF
 The London Quarterly Review, The
 Edinburgh Revieir, The North Rrit
 ish Revicir, The Westminster Review,
 and Blackwood's Edinburgh .Maga
 zine,
 The above Terio 'icr.ls aie reprinted in New York,
 immediately on their arrival by the Biitish steameis,
 in a beautitul clear type, on fine w hite paper, and
 are faithful copies of the originals, Blackwood’s
 Magazine, being an exact facsiihue of the Edinburgh
 edition.
 They embrace the view s of the three &lt;rrcrt parties
 in England—Tory, Whig, and Radical. Black
 wood” an 1 the Lon lon Quarterly” are I ory the
 “Edinbu.gh Review” Whig; and the Westmin
 ster Review” Radical. The “North British Re
 view” is more of a religious character, having been
 originally e.iitc 1 by Dr. Chalmers, and now since
 his death, lieing con Meted bv his son-in-law, Dr.
 Hanna, associated with Sir David Brewster. Its
 literary character is of the very highest order..
 PRICES FOR 1848, (if SUBSCRIBED FOR EARLY.)
 For any one of tire four Reviews, £3 00 per annum.
 For any two do 5 00
 For anv three do 7 00
 For all four of the Review s, 8 00
 For Black w ood’s .Magazine, 3 00
 For Blackwood and the 3 Reviews, 9 00
 For Blackwood Ik Use 4 Reviews, Id 00
 Payments to be mode in nil cases in advance,
 CLUBBING.
 Four copies of any or all the above works will be
 sent to ore address on payment of the regular sub
 scription for three—tiis fouith copy being gratis.
 EARLY COPIES.
 A Lite arrangement w ith the British publishers of
 Blackwood’s Magazine secures to us early sheets of
 that woik, by which we shall lie able to place the
 entile nunJ.cr in the liar, a of sul seribers before any
 portion of it can be icpi inter! in any of the Amciican
 Journal*. For tins and other a d vantages seemed to
 our subM iibess we pay so large a consideration, that
 we may be compelled to raise the price of the Maga
 zine. ’Therefore we repeat subscribe early while
 the price is low.”
 Remittances and communications should be always
 addressed, post-paid or franked, to Use publishers,
 LEONARD SCOTT A CO.
 70 Fulton street, New Y'ork.
rovi; n t v
 ITS ILLEGAL CAUSES AND LEGAL
 CURE.
 BY LYS.YNDER SPOONER.
 The Albany Patriot call* it A neat pamphlet of
 i 10S pag.a—a vtrv remarkable production.”
 i Whether all the anticipations of Mr. Sqooncr
 woul 1 be realized by tiic lull adoption of liis tlieory,
 we do not here stop to enqbire; out we heartily com
 mend liis endeavor to tlie notice ot all who (ove a
 transparent l'oi cible diction —intrepid independence—
 original thought—and entiie freedom from the cant
 of crpaitv. Asa judici;: I writer, he has a depth,
 a compass, far beyond anv one whose prot-uctions
 hare met our eye in a longtime.”
 Hunt’s Merchant’s Magazine says —"It abounds
 in bold an! original thought*. The illegil causes of
 poveitv me stated, and a luituln-r of important propo
 sitions beai icg on tlie subject laid iWn; ami,on the
 whole, we consider it a work well worth studying—
 affording as it does many valuable hints to the statea
 man and political economist.”
 Tlie Bangor Gazette says—“ An able and certain
 ly original work, from tlie pen of Lvsander Spooner,
 Esq.—author of that puweiful l»ook which &lt;ieinon
 stiatcs tlie unconstitutionality of American Slavery.
 Ttiere is no wiiter of the age, of logical arumea mor e
 seaiciiinz than Spooner.,’ lbs new work ta des
 tined to lea to a re exao..nation of all tor mer sys
 tems of political economy. w At lir»t bhwli bis eco
 nomical propositions str.ke us as •msuirndke—and if
 tliey ate so, his woik wilt pier ail, and produce an
 important revolution is the pi«=nt prevailing sys
 tem.
 Ererv one should read it.”
 UEL.I MARSH, Publisher, Beaton.
 Part l. Pi ice 25 Cents.
THE GIRARD LIFE INSURANCE, AN
 NUITY AND TRUST COMPANY of Hnla
 delpbia. Cl aite.ed in I?£&gt;6—Charter TerretuuJ;—
 Caf itol, SH/),000 —Benjamin VV Richard*, P.tsi- I
 dent. Continues in make insurance on lives, g ant
 annuities and eaiowmeats, an 1 acctft t.cstj tromia
 uirniuaH, corporaß bodies, and emuts of justice,
 and execula uwm agreeably to the dbuie of the par
 ties, and receive deposits of tnoaey La trust or on
 intc est.
 The Company add a bonus at stated periods to
 the iastnasce tor life, anion the 20th of January
 Lut, an a idhi-m was *u 1 1 to all the pjlicies La life,
 remaining in knee an-1 iseoed prior to January Ist,
 1 _ 12, anaxaui 4 to 10 ,a. a. im ike nno lusmed
 in poiktes iuoti in 1537; 7j pet rent, on policies
 issuer] is !S3B, an 1 in rateable propot uoos accradiag
 to thair respective uues.
 The chi*-t object of an insurance for life is to pro
 vide a sum of taouey at the death of the party
 ed, tor the Latent of a si low, ebikiien, fuends or
 ere liton; an.l it w ill be sera on examination of the
 table of rates uf the life insurance, which wiU he,
 ta ntslaei by the subscriber to all who may feci an
 iute.twt is the sdsy-ct, that bv paying a fOiiilJ sum to
 the orfiee «*ery year during hi* life, a person way *e»’
 ear* u&gt; his Lundy a very considerable amount at his
 decease.
 Wherever the system of Life Insurance is propel ly
 naierstowi, it is rxtrasively adopted, aad iu grata
 to all, but more espwnally to those who
 depenl 00 their own exertions tor the support of their
 Luailies, or who may be tkunwt to eacme the pay
 ment of a sum of money to their frienis, creditor* uv
 chi!lren, at their decease, which thay might he oth- j
 crwise wHibfe la acoompbab, that tb*ope»«*unafthe
 system neods but to be explained to ensure the sari- i
 tins consideration of the public.
 In several inrtawre* it has happened that dm party
 insured has 4iml shortly after having paid only one J
 or two instalments of in* premium, wnea his futaily
 hnvw reeetuud from this nthrn tbs fell amount fee
 which he had tasmed.
 Foil infermui .io on this important subject may ha
 obtained by applying, poranonhy nr by totter (post
 isiAd)aii)itii4M(ii UAftibefiber. tae mAhik)
 uf Ike Girard Ldc 1 i«ar«:tct* Cckqm?.
 WILLIAM BAMEWELL,
 Unw Bmkmgs,
 Gnat street, Fitishargh
POST AND WILLIS, Dealers in Dregs, Medi
 UwiMcals, Dye Stuffs, Faint*, Varaiah,
 Oils,Glassware, Brushes Perfumery, Daguerreotype
 Stock, French and German Cbemicete. Artists’
 Color*, Brashes sad Canvass, Oil, Gold
 Leaf and Fori, itx. &amp;e.
 Being Agruts for most of the celebrated Family
 aad valuable Patent Medicines, and receiving Uw
 same directly from the Manufacturers or their Agents,
 they are enabled to supply all orders at wholesale
 and retail, on the oast taiuraMc mints
 iiimc*Qpe.tluc B vkf, Me Ikidcs, and Family
 Cases, with fall directions. Only agents for West
 ern New York.
 Also, Sherwood’s Vibratory Magnetic Machines,
 with directions.
 Phosgene Gas; also Eilierial Oil aw? Lamps, for
 burning the same. Tb me who would cwuMiit eco
 nomy and convenkmee air invited to examine t’&gt;ese
 larrups. TV atteoikn of Country Mrirhants, Pby
 sicimss, Families, and others, wishing good* in ti-c
 above line, is requested at ti»e APOTHECARIES*
 HALL, 4, Exchange Street.
OWEN MORRIS’ CITY BINDERY
 i fniH Twr vmni—Ute ri&lt;Ht r vkrrii.
 MR. .MORRIS was in tin- employ of Mr. Muicus
 Morse fisr seven years, m*l during that time
 procured for him three Silver Medals, hr the lest
 specimen* of Book Binding, exhibited at the Me
 chanics’ Fair* held in this city ami Buffalo.
 Gentiemeu’s Libraries tilted up anil repaired
 Mt» ic Paper rule*!; Music and Periodicals bound
 and finished to any pattern. Blank Account Book?
 executed at this e«talili«htm&gt;nt have given unequalled
 satisfaction, by tlieir durability and elegance. Strict
 attention ia always paid to the quality of pnj er used,
 to ren ler them equal to the best in die L nited BLacs
 or those imported.
 Ladies’ Scrap ami Guard Books, Albums and
 Portfolios, in ail their varieties, uiauuhicturcd to
 oriier in the best style.
 Banks, Institutions, Societies, Ac., may be
 assured of woik being done on the most ai.vaubigcous
 tenns.
 Gentlemen residing at a distance, by packicg and
 forwarding volumes to the above directions, stating
 price and style, may rely upon tlieir being well bound
 on tlie most tuvorable terms, also carefully ami
 punctually returned.
 N.B. The proprietor has spurt'd no expense in
 fitting up die establishment, and introducing into
 Western New York the latest improvements in
 Book Binding.
 OWEN MORRIS,
 City Bindery, under the Museum.
 PRINTING PAPER AGENCY.
 WE are Agents for tire Btb'alo Paper Mills,
 where Paper of the best quality is nude from
 pure spring water, very white and smooth- A sup
 ply of News an I Book Paper kept constantly for
 sale by us, at Mill prices, in large or small lots.
 Any size and quality of Paper not on hand, fur
 nished at short notice.
 Printers and others will do well to call and exam
 ine die quality and price, at No. 6 Exrdwnge st.
 FISHER Co.
 jx 21 Booksellers and Publishers.
BOSTON ADVERTISE}!KATS.
CLARKSON,
 LONDON'EDITION—WITII PORTRAIT.
 A FEW copies of (_ LAKE SON’S
 OF THE ABOLITION OF THE BLAVE
 TRADE, with prefatory rnnaiks on die subsequent
 abolition of Slavery; a leaililul London edition,
 with a tine Portrait of tlie Author, done on steel, —a
 bonk which could not be importe i for kss than three
 dollars, can be had at 21, Coiuliill, if applied foi
 iinineuiatelv, at the very 1* w ptiee cl Osr 1)olhr.
 cash. Also, EULOGIUM ON C LARKSON, bv
 At.kxaniikh Cronmkll, at die reduced piicc ol
 twelve and a half cents.
ROBERT MORRIS, Jp., Attorney and Coun
 sellor at Law ITu.ta’b 1 uiitiii g, state Street.
 MACON 1C Aid.! N,Att i and Counsellor
 at Law, Mi»»-at .s i k&lt;b.
 BOY’S’ CLOTHING.
 QAMUEL WILSON, 10, Bratt e Sir. e», having
 O made recent additions tt.liis stock, is pie| aied lo
 fumisli BOYS’ CLOTHING, I us good material
 and fit, and at as cheap p.t ices, as can tie obta.ncd in
 tlie city.
 NEW ENGLAND SECOND HAND
 CLOTHING STORE,
 No. Umiim Strf.ft, Boston.
 JOHN WRIGHT keeps ecristantiy on hand i»
 great variety of New an i Second Hand Clothing.
 Goods of all kinds, such as old clothes, \V. I. gooo.-,
 i W atches, Boots and Shoes, &amp;e., exel arged for new
 clothing. Cash advanced on ail kinds of goods,
 from one to one hundred d&lt; i'ais.
 JOHN D. REV A LEON, Haw Cutting Saloon,
 and Perfuiin iy Empotiunr, 114, Bias Kstoi e-*t.
 NEW LOOKS.
 FOR 8 \LE at the Anti-Slavery Depository, 21,
 Corniui! —namely,
 The l.iheitv Bell f.i 18-18. A few copies remain.
 Life ot William W. Biown, 2 Edition, with addi
 tional matter and new engravings. Price, bound,
 37 i ets; in a per cans, 25 cts.
 Mr. ShackfAppeal i&gt;i regani to the War with
 Mexico, 12-i ets.
 Position u.ui Duties of the North, with regard ti&gt;
 Shivery. Bv Andrew P. Peabody. 5 ets.
 Six Month* at Graeteaberg. By Henry C. V\ ri"ht.!
 ii.oo.
 j Di( k C’rowningshield, the assassin, and Zachary
 j Taylor, the Snldiei the Difference between
 tl cm. By Ikiiqr C. XX 3 cu. single 25
 cts. j&gt;er dozen.
 QTiOMAS P. SMITH, No. 38, Bniule Street,
 I sign of tlw Golden Bail. New ami Second
 hand Clothing Store. i
 j j
 ISAAC H. SNOW DEN, Book, Newspaper, and j
 A Fancy Job Printer, Ij, X\ ater Stievt.
 £3- All orders promptly attended to, and neativ!
 executetl.
 The .tfavarhubettsQaarterlyUeYiew,
 /COMMENCED on tlie first of December, 1847,
 "j to be continued on tlie l.a ol March. June, ami
 and September. It will lie devoted to the intcict
 of m&gt; flinty or class, but its conductors will eudea-i
 vor to piesei t an open and fair field for tlie notice
 and discussion of matters pet taming to Philosophy,
 Polities, Literature, Religion, ami liurnatiity
 The will be conuucted Izy R. Cmer
 son, Tiicodore- Pinker, anti J. Llliot Calx,l, assisted
 by «&lt;-vcrai other genilcuieti.
 Eacli number will contain abiout 125 pages, at the
 price of t»3 a year, in advance.
 Coinatu iieatioiis. eLbocrij.'.tous, Ice. should Le
 addressed to tl.e PuUisi.ci s,
 CUOLIDGE Ic \X ILLY, j
 12, \'i ater .Street, Boston.
i\£lV IOKk ADtLRTMIHLATS.
FREE PRODUCE STORE.
 N’EW GOODS just red veil. General [eduction
 in prices.
 Fine 4-4 Trinrs, various styles.
 New styles ut Tun:, oi we mm quality, usual width.
 Fine an! wide Taper Musltos. Also Colored
 Cambric*. W
 Cm tain Calico. Sjpe.ior fine Chintz UiabrtUa*.
 Oil Clotiis.
 Satinets, good an! cheap. Abo on ban mostly at
 redwaxi prices, Guig.iaiuc, vaii'Ais quaiiUe* an,
 styles.
 Fine and heavy Shirting, Sheetings, and Pillow
 Muslins. 3
 Striped Ca'idaics. Fine 6 4 Fhtid Jlr*!in.
 Musi to de Lairar, plain and neatly figured, ail wool.
 Linens, warranted tree from Cotton.
 I lanoeU 4-4 g‘Mei and price low,, Carton flannels,
 white and colored.
 Table Lhajer a-id Clidv, of different style*.
 Apronaa I Wiriinsikeck. Cotlrai Ilai kerc! iefe.
 C- *ton Twilled I'a.-'.uivwa iUit.s. Ab. L.:a..»
 Drilling, It l
 Ln-g and talf H is, f;ae and biavy.
 Kruiimg CvUuo, lai u NU--a.be!, brown, and
 coined.
 a-ldin?, white and coErwd Cotton lairs. Also,
 Ketincd LvJ, Ciuslmd,aau Tellerisc*.
 Ufown S good quality, of rcuioOs giwan.
 The wh.de it-idt i-xctn.it.-ly Free Lai.a Gomis,
 to wliicti the SulnrrrbcT wooii inviie the a Herd ton
 of r»&gt;ueuy mercieuiu, as well aw hi* IVieod. and the
 [Htldir genemiUy,
 Mmli puiiw b uhen by the Managers of the Free
 Produce AtwcLliuo, U&gt; assia (lie Sultuiler to e»«
 kcii* the aseeuuem hot* tuw to time.
 GEORGE VV. TAYLOR,
 wr:a oanev Fifth w« i f ben t-st*.
 Pailaidpiua Ad mo. I t, DMB. tf
 TUST PUBLWHED, .Tibs office^]
 V ®f *he Amu Slavery Skandar,
 IVt LegMM, «f Liberty, aod Fort* of Truth, Ukli
 edwiee.
 i hh«ut 2B pages of eJom
 ™*N* wnwii authorities, and about smti
 Okwirauv* eugravingt. price 37fc cto. in nmslui
 eml 15 cents to pope* outers. A v« lilnsal dw-
 JfAfe *Aoee who purchase a number of copies.
 11m CondrUus, luAnwsce, Rights, and Append m
 Women,from various authors, 121 rents.
 Letter to «to People of the United Stems, tomeki^
 ftr Theodors KrSs*2
 w&gt;. UR Pries 131. cents.
 Wm. W, Brown's Leouns infer* tfc Female A 8
PHILIP a M HITE.Dru f? is«,«)rMrrfFra^.
 fort md Gold 8 tract.
WILLIAM 9. POWELL, Sailoe’c Hsm, 81,
 U*rry Street.
 N cu?si: &gt;B, w*st Brw-
T /INNINGS, Scrgeoo-Dentist, 185, Norik
 s Bit«dway.
JOSEPH c lIOLI.Y, Boot and Shoe Maker.
 J V' r ni r reet, BrwAlffl.
 N.B. Ri'ficiriug neatly executed at the slmrtcst
 notice and on the most reasonable term*.
1L M. H- TOPP, Merchant Tailor, 645 Blued
 vr wav. Also an rxtcusivc asset taicm of CravaU,
 Stock?, Hosirv, Gk \re*, Sec.
 Albany, Ftb. 11, 1848.
GENTEEL BOARDING HOUSE.
 C If.XRLE3 HIGHGATE. *r«W respectfully in
 'gform his friend* and the public, continues
 to devote every attention to those pleased to favor
 his home” m ith a call. The be use is pleasaatly
 located at 652 Broadway, AS any.
 Feb. 18, 1.848.
W^ILLIA XT RICH, Hair Dre.-sing and Bathing
 If Saloon, l ro\ House, Troy, New York.
\V ILLIAM B. LOGAN, Dealer in Fashionable
 i- Shoe*, SO, Perohase Street, New
 Beritonl.
L. keeps constantly on hand a food assort-'
 mertt, and will tell cheap for rash. Strict attention
 paxl to cu»tum-made woik, by Messrs. Parker and
 l hr vis
Dugwenian Gallery, 138,
 Mam Street, Ktliogg’s Buddings, liartfoid,
 Coi.necticut.
KOKTHAMHCNJI AT£R CtEE.
 Electricity aztl Ilydropethy.
 THE|t&gt;l.lic me reelc»tfully itdoimed, that vine*
 the pliil. hical dei'octi. r» of the learned T&gt;t.
 Means, of Eun iv C&lt; U«ge, Ga. t am) th&lt;4*cientific
 experiments of Mr. Ilrnmicr of Engbnd,* havo
 recently and im'ol itably estsddished the fart, tbat
 ihe omciusions at which the undersigned aimed by
 the sense of touch, in 1844, ate in ham ory with
 natural and jhysioheunl lawF —to wit, that the
 hi.man bot’y, in a healthy condition, is in a pcstote
 ilotrical iiutr, and that the lech ical emanations
 from the cutieular stnfarc, indicate health, t r the
 Fympti n:s aad character of disease—tl eie is n .e
 reason to Ire pc, that ceitain i hysiciars, ignorant of
 these f'rincij It s or ratuial laws, a knowledge of
 which is essential to the stde and intelligent f raclice
 of the healii-g art, will craze their votileiations
 against the positiv* n.mmcAi sTATr.ofths
 hi man body, and will hesitate to di.-siade fh* se
 Ire .it) they have lulled to relieve ol tlieir con&gt;| iaints,
 fn m set king lature’s reffery at the N(&gt;rihswp.
 to W ATF R Cl RF. '1 I t’s sustained Iy tie light
 ot science, the undersigned u uy le pein.ilted here
 to hp&lt; at liis rxf eiiente, tl ;.t, in all eases w here the
 wtist, Ftonneh, or limes, aie in tie etcrirc-i egntive
 c n. ition, the (utieut is leyond the wet it u«t*r
 to afford relief. On the other law!, when tin fails
 of the body alluded to, are in ti e rlet tio-prsitive
 slate, Isewtvei oisaitarget!, time is gitund to liepe
 ft i a cute.
 Had int the rtfelts of pa*t irait’ f tactics
 already convinced the ft I lie el tie &gt;atcty &lt;r tnth
 fnlness 1 1 the lii ci| le&gt; I whuh the ur.t eisigned is
 governed, in fUtet tu g tl e syu f t&lt; n s and character
 «I (ireuse, and piaetisii.g tl e eric, the tercet scien
 tific deiueiisti atii.n ol theii ti iicctness, I 1 re fessor
 Mrans an«l Mr. Hcn.n.er, ci uhl n&lt; t fail to convince
 i the most incic( uk us.
 Giatelidly uj reristing the credit so generously
 j awar-eu for Ins .-urct.s as a I ydn patluc Irani
 tidier, l y a i isremii y ft blu ami the gtstittue
 rrmr-c.i ly t!i se wh. u. he ha* hao the l&lt;i.siue to
 rtlii v e of their cm laints, the uni enigned will
 i assiduously eut.fi.vi i to m slain the etedit,and nnit
 i RratiiiK v, in the t; se ol every iiivalir. who ioav
 alD.itt him an c| (utility to effect a cine, I y InV
 original and f luh .-c I ical n ed.r.d *.fj tactice.
 I i lie Noilbiui| ton XX atei Cme is Icasautly situ-'
 aied near Bei foi vide, m the west hark ot Licking
 Water, or Mill River, alcut two and a half n.ilnT
 horn the centre ol'tl.e town. It is conveniently
 at tanged, with sej arete fail, is, talking and dress
 ing-n ii,s, lor l.a&lt; ies and (rentlcn.en, well ventil
 ated and conveniently furnished lodging rooms, and
 a vaiirty (.1 l athe, *u| lied with water, which, for
 at uih anoe, puiity, and a. iq tednrss to watei-cure
 !"F* i» unsutf assed I y that of any oilier rsta
 -1 i.rliiiiui t hi cuiiitij, 'I |)p icei.Eiy in (J tig
 vicinity is ietmcfque and renantic. There are w
 variety of peasant walks, sufficiently retired, to
 a !(.w w;dei-« uie p; tients to aj pear as' they should,
 I loiiiiv cii tlitir lanillcv v\il)i«i.C
 t&lt;. j uMir or ob«^f&gt;aticn.
 Ainorg Uie complaint* which are litre sikceisfully
 trei.teo, arc hem.a. he, t, n ency ot Utod to Uie l.ead,
 cold extremities, general and nervous debility, bioc
 ehdis, puinioimiy alhction, liver cimplain't, jaun
 (iiee, arute or chronic inflammation ol the U vvcls,
 piles, y*j ej sin, grreiid &lt;k luhty, neivon* and spinal
 iuicctions, inltai!, mutiny and ill.onie rheuniutism,
 in lii iilgiu, eeii.tie.i, hinie iirul s, ptiralysis, feveis, salt
 rtu nut, s'Tofuknrs and ensipelas hen.mg.
 All pmiciits who visit this establishment for a
 ooei.se of treatment, should furnish themselves with
 three rnmfoitables, three woollen 1-lai.ketg, cne cr
 two linen mid thiee- Cotti.n sheets, two pillow eases
 six or eight eiasli towels, tome well worn limn, to
 cut tor fomentation*, an old cloak or mantle, an tun
 fcrella, and a p;iir i,f slippers.
 TVi ms for tiratuu nt and board are (5 SO to
 ■fS sft pei week, payable weekly washing rxtra.
 A r**»«*»* wil bow choice or character of his
 complaint, or. upies a room alone on tlie third floor,
 w.U pay f 8 00 er week—i n the (list and second
 floors, 8 per week. Patient* requiting extra
 attention or file in tlieir rooms, (except for swath
 ing purposes,) will furnish tlieir own nurses and fuel,
 or pay an extra price.
 D. RUGGLES.
 ISorthamftvn, March 1848.
 N.B. Visiters to the Establishment, from the
 east, west, or south, can take tlie cars of the Couu.
 River Railroad at Springfield. Carriages will
 always be in readmes* at the Northamptondetot. to
 convey them hither.
 human blood, in a normal and healthy eoa
 ditmn of tl.e human system, is j n a positive Mate,
 which is constantly maintained by tire- activity of tha
 fjt’.ftr«itiin» f44&lt;uici&gt; uiilmi—-ari cNrpmgenerally nun
 mg ott in #*iVncc fn&gt;m the ruiicular swi*r+ 9 §o (],a(
 out (4 35f&gt; experiments made ly Mr. Ifemmer of
 bmg and.ep. n the* uncovered *kin,”S22 indicated
 the Pnmit eof positive electricily. Thi* surplusage
 ol the fluid upon the surface, we lelieve to b* indis
 pcosahie to the healthful londitmn of tl« wU|e
 animal ecoiNuuy, and that w lien, from anv cause is
 e dimir.islied or cease*, diseased action en.ues.”
 Lieoaddress, dtliveied before tlu- Medical College of
 I’*:*:*' ,h l)f »«"‘«al session, Nut.
 184 s, »y A. Mrans, A.M., M.D., Professor of
 Ll.ciftiiuj arv! 1 lj»riOsK*y t aiMl of Fhvticai
 N .eu&lt; ein Liiioiy Colicgu, G», f j age 25) 9
ATHOL WATER CIRK,
 HMIE fjubsrrifcer l egs leave to rail t'* attention.
 A of Inyali eicrr,ally ,ho, e sufiiing from,
 chronic disease, to his hydropathic ettnbliilmient in
 H;i h U*c was opened fer the reception of ratienta
 laft rcjunn, and it is Ulfeved ofei» excellent latili,
 lUi4 ,r Bud Uhon uj(h Hiuih« iq tnu roe
 [afhye lbs Mifply of ua in i» *iuncdU, urul u»
 pot &gt;ty has been pronounced o qua I to waler on
 iii*(i|icd.”n be location qoiie ebud le, 1 ring lut
 aih.it fro in tU A hi. lailicsd. Ike
 otiiiiijf ibsaiii in a variety tf stentty, and las
 ctwru.iog grttoinds for walks and lamfJcs. So that
 with jUu water, wii jl't legnueu, mountain air,
 exercise, patient* ran ecan.ly h.d io t,Lt»m the
 healthful retniii fur which tie y lab r.
 Ihe looowiog t 4« ilitetisii* tin* irmeik. lira
 B-, wife of Dt i. IS., tf W ai wick, aged
 about thirty-five year*, bri.ught to me bi«t
 Aug ok. Her ca»« leseato! Uie toilomag pbetio
 tnena. If pbced in an meet pcviime. aod bi.
 mitpo**.!, *6e toitiiwith tell backward to the
 ground. (I Uug wed sen
 eilort i&gt;» wa k, cuher had. when ranted toiaxrd
 to the contrary, woo Id r.r i.^li
 our*-r. ii.Ai haJ Leer* m Una coatouon Math a
 year- Her tr,at.ucnt cou-meoced the lfcb of fte?t
 nnd sat continued u» die 2Ntb (Vt C r,K '.L
 pruvmnews to her heahb. SU now attends to her
 T* 1 '*»«h Uw assisuntt of! WS
 gtH, Ctws the wink of h« r family
 h!Tf a i one f *rr of sheets.
 towel* maiked, wni," M hn€a M
 w fiT lo &lt;feU»r» per week, sccord
 ■j •tcessrtie* or choice of the l aimai*.
 A•• particular in the selection sf
 &lt;*x*P) (hew w oomsson
 wij Uthugri lei*
 Mnrth, GEORGE HOYT.
 THE DELAWARE A BOUT lON IST. a
 &gt;be sbuvs MM uiU be published iu
 Wiiaungtoe, by tbs Deis ware iati-AJpVs/V
 R «R 1 Us edited by e Cunamitles, aui will
 be puUished cm a half nworam sheet, M lemgfet
 ocots pe year, or fur twenty -four numbers. liwißlu
 MPelWUheomncipntMie w Uchwi, end will etf—
 vorato it* acconq-hshwest by si) hufeJ mmun. J%
 wifl be pubbsbed scaii-monUily, tf meeag sm efe
 fbrflmir er at eltee ag the meens cue U shtsfeuA.
 i UMM h idlfMlKA
 U'' v
