13 0 c t r d
ODE TO THE PEOrLS.
 V M. OK H***^!**’
 Ti* G&gt; l*» e.w» nan.i.oe'tt,
 T e'til ires* *h.»U
 11 hvi it 17 *nr
 F«c Ite la iby «i"«a !»a*e ij»«.
 R 1 -fol *:»all be I »eir b r l«n.
 Till to farore i b»n 1 f ivsa
 m raise tl« but? edifice
 Which lifieth Earth to Hearwi;
 Till **at And prarer ahetll scatter,
 In their auyuat abode*,
 Tlie •tamin.; *u.-t which covered!
 TV imife of the |«k!
 From yaw ruin*, oh! ye templet,
 Which ferae! wept*— sscstod;
 Ante, ye were 1 portico#’
 At the shrine, ye Letilet, bead!
 To the Mending harp# of Solyma
 Ln the victim rite Agaia.
 By the stanUt# hand of righteousness
 Let the sacrifice be aUin;
 An let ita bliod, coontinflmf
 With th? ti l« of Iranian teara,
 Qo»neH the fury of the thunder,
 W’.iich it pealing on our eaia!
 Q-joth thia people, swoll’n with madneta,
 Witli bragjart font—“ Shill we
 Crouch to a God who humbleth aal
 Our GoJ ootaelrea will be!
 To aeek hia mighty Spirit
 Did intellect gn forth,
 Through th* big.ieat height# of Heaven,—
 In tin* deep**: dtpth# of Earth;
 The dank* of the wile univerve,
 The fire-flams of the Sphere,
 Gave not to iu, that we could aet,
 Ilia name en«cro!lH tliere.
 We read the world a leavon,
 When the king’v wan I we broke,
 And we laugh w ith #comful hardiliood,
 At law's now shattered yoke.
 Uprise, unhappy bondsmen!
 Tour whaming fetters spurn;
 Shake off, ye alavea, your ahacklea,
 And to liberty return!
 J| a n' —from the foremost minute
 When breathes thy quickened dust,
 Kn &gt;w no holiest but Pleasure's—
 No law, except thy bat!”
 Thv thought Imth Space o’ervaulted!
 Tuy schsming Tinii outllies;
 The thunders bow beneath thv rule,
 Thy cliaiiot* sweep ihe skies;
 Thy Ileason, like the firebrand,
 Whose hunger all things ply,
 Growing w ith an incessant growth,
 Shall grasp immensity!
 And the pow er which Reason bringeth,
 Nor mete, nor bourne shall own;
 Eternity and spare shall be
 Its boundaries alone!”
 Happy shall be our children.
 Happy e tall be the age,
 Which learns from lessens we bequeath,
 Our thoughts—their heritage.
 Onr flying years are jaalous,
 Tiiey brook no let or stay—
 Oh, law, too harsh and niggarJ!y r
 Which hasteth us aumy,
 Why fetter down our destiny
 To moments fleet and few
 We w ml l triumph over Nature,
 If time were only true!”
 Lo! Time hath scarcely trodden
 Where your ashes lie beneath:
 Come f &gt;rth, ye Manes of our Sires,
 From the dark abode of death:
 Look out upon y iur han liwork,
 Co.ne forth, anl with us share
 Our happiness and g'ory. ye
 Whose progeny th *y are.
 O race, s i rich in promises,
 I cite vou to co oe forth;
 Appear to your posterity.
 Ye saviors of the earth!
 J?ee, see—thpy shrink from gnr.icg,
 Tiiey cower beneath the shroud;
 To the shelter of the sepulchre
 Retreats the shame-struck crowd:—
 Nay, frtay, ye guiky sha lows,
 Ye fathers of our woe;
 Too light hath been your .penalty—
 I charge ye not to go:
 Were Heaven not slow to vengeance,
 ft were your doom to live,
 In the days of your begetting
 Your weight of sin to shrive!
 Where are the days of triumph,
 When Fiance, the nationi* pride,
 Like a majestic star, arose,
 Illuming all be-i !e!
 Age of all *ges, loveliest,
 Thy retinue uotv bright,
 Which the pathway of thy glory
 Diffused around thy flight,
 Like the god of the glad daylight,
 In the firmament above,
 Thy gtandeur was the awe of Earth,
 Thy lustre was its lore!
 Ever the days of genius,
 Are those to virtue given;
 Ever the deeds of heroes charm
 The gods of song from heaven.
 From the throne of inspiration,
 The sacred lyre they give
 To bands of holy chastity,
 Which have no stain to ahriTe;
 Some sweet Racine for minstrel,
 Some fierce Turenae in war.
 Links the glory of old Athena
 To the Roman victor’s car!
 Alas! our age is fallen,
 Its flowers are sere and pine.
 For Euclid's art hath withered
 Those which are more divine.
 Breathings of soul and genius!
 Your animating fires
 Calculation’# chilly madness
 Extinguished in our tires.
 They laid their icy fingers
 On Nature's fair exu-nt,
 And it* beauties, *neath their chilling touch.
 Shrunk frozen as they went!
 And thou, the earth’s high-priceteea,
 Pinius' an 1 Zion's mar l,
 Hath fl &lt;wn this wot 11 of matter.
 Of thy last beam disarrayed;
 Ani thy b-a&gt;e i-eent spirit quitteth
 The withered hearts; the Kre
 Can melt no more with mov ng strain—
 No mve can waki to fire:
 Like a shrine to tlie E'er aal
 Is the universe beneath,
 Which lacks the ehaunted 00*lo 5y
 And the perfume's scented breath!
 Weep, children of your father*,
 And veil y -or brows for grief
 Bathe in the bitter tide of tears,
 Wrongs w ild! defy relief:
 Like sms of Ilelio loros—
 Till morning follow* eve:
 The fragments of th* shaiieie I shims
 We will gather while «r* g&gt; ieve;
 An 1 beneath those guilt-stained ashes.
 We w.ll sjek with earnest will,
 Of grains and of virtue,
 TUs sparks which linger Mill!
 OLD AGE.
 O Is* as have him; for his silver hairs
 Will purchase us a goo i opinio*.
 An! biy mm's v-#ine# to oommevi &gt;mr deeds;
 It shall be sail—Hi# jsips* it rated oar fends f
 Our youths end wildness shall no whit appusr,
 But ail be buoyed u&gt; his g.-avity.— Bk ifiywr*.
Selections.
Frees the N. Y. Tithnne.
 remarkable case
 Frv* iemcn Crists Wf/# eltwem peers mt
 e Slave m ike f+t-n if *f f*Vt, ant fevW fnm
 sT«tr-y ijr Ora. R. B. CampUU, tke Amaicmm
 Cmuul a* Hmmmm.
 On Thursday last arrived at thia port
 a§ a passenger from Havana, in the
 bark Rapid, a colored man named John
 I Lytle, a native of Philadelphia, who
 returns to his country after an absence
 of twelve or fourteen years,aril hin which
 period his history has been a singular
 and interesting one.
 Some short time ago, a gentleman o(
 this city, while travelling in the Island
 of Cuba, stopped at the ingenio, a su
 gar estate of a wealthy planter named
 Don Gaepar Hernandez, about twenty
 miles from Matanzas. While exam
 ining the machinery of the sugar
 works, he was addressed in English by
 one of the apparent slaves employed
 j about them; and the result of a guarded
 conversation that ensued was, to in
 form him that the slave was in truth a
 free American citizen, wrong folly held
 in slavery- His story was this: He
 had been shipwrecked many years be
 fore on the coast of Africa, hi the shi|i
 Jupiter, employed in the service of the
 Colonization Society. With the rest ol
 the crew, he had made his way along
 the coast for about 130 miles to the
 slave station at Gallivas, where he was
 well received by the proprietor, Don
 Pancho Ramon, who promised him pas
 sage in the first vessel to Cuba, from
 which island it would be easy to reach
 the United States. The slave cargo
 which he thus accompanied being duly
 landed in the neighborhood of Matan
 zas, Lytle was cooped with the rest of
 his color in the “barracoons,” and soon
 found himself at work as a slave on the
 estate where he was thus found by a
 stray wayfarer from his own country.
 He had made more than one unsuccess
 ful attempt for his freedom, and had at
 this time given up tlie thought of it in
 despair. Conscious that secrecy was
 the first condition of success in any at
 tempt to procure his liberation in that
 couutry, where he soon would have dis
 appeared irrecoverably and without
 trace, the gentleman thus providentially
 made acquainted with his situation, ab
 stained from giving him any other hope
 than a general remark that he would
 not forget him. The result of the mat
 ter was, that, after farther inquiries had
 becu made, the case was laid before the
 Secretary of State, who fully entered
 into it, and readily responded to the
 call made upon him to demand the lib
 eration of the man, and to urge it. if
 necessary, with all the energy of the
 Government and Xation, on the same
 grounds as though its subject had been
 the highest in the land, instead of a poor
 and oppressed negro. Our popular and
 excellent Consul at Havana, Gen. R.
 B. Campbell, of South Carolina, also
 entered into the spirit of the instructions
 which he received from the State De
 partment, with his characteristic zeal
 and ability. Great caution and pru
 dence were required, the danger being
 that no such slave would be found on in
 quiry, if a suspicion of the object in
 view should have p eceded the effective
 action of which its attainment was to
 he secured. The upshot of the whole
 has been the arrival of the man, as a
 freeman, at this port, ns above slated,
 with a sum of money of $2,211 34, as
 his wanes during the li years of his
 servitude, with interest, besides his ex
 penses home.
 Gen. Campbell’s conduct of this mat
 ter is entitled to all praise; the moie
 so, that he is a South Carolinian, and
 not a Northern Barnburner. The letter
 in which he announces the result of his
 efforts is so creditable to him, that we
 have asked permission of the gentleman
 to whom it was addressed to publish
 the following extracts from it:
 On the 10th day of June, I receiv
 ed certain instructions from the Secre
 tary of State, accompanied with a let
 ter from you to him in relation to the
 free negro, John L. Lytle, in the pos
 session of Caspar Hernandez. I have
 this day, July 7th, received the negro,
 and shall to-morrow dispatch him to the
 United States, under the charge of mv
 son, Lucius Campbell, to be delivered
 over to the Secretary as a freeman,with
 $2,211 33, as his own property, after
 expenses of small outfit, passage, &amp;c.,
 are paid. I thank you for refer ring the
 Secretary to me as a suitable person to
 accomplish your object and secure to
 the negro those just rights which have
 been so long and cruelly withheld from
 him. It has cost me some trouble, time,
 rmney, and odium also, with a certain
 class; but these are all trifles in com
 parison with the victory achieved, the
 rights asserted, wrongs redressed, and
 the happiness, I hope, conferred on an
 unfortunate man who had so unjustly
 been made the creature of another's
 will, and the degraded victim of the
 taskmaster; for, although not an aboli
 tionist, I feel as strongly for the kid
 napped black as for the oppressed of
 another color.
 You are aware my dear sir, that
 my proofs were deficient, and that the
 Courts here have already decided that
 I the possession of a slave is satisfactory
 j evidence of the right and justice of &gt;1
 jmssession, unless the negative is prov
 ed. Under these circumstances, 1
 deemed it advisable to secure certainly
 the liberty of the negro under the most
 advantageous compromise possible, and
 I flatter tnyself that the compromise
 made will meet your approbation.
 4 The records of the State Depart
 ment, I am t .ld, will show that John
 was claimed in Tacon’s administration,
 but the best terms that could be made
 was the freedom of the negro upon
 !»a&gt;mg the amount of the purchase
 •n &gt;ney. In this instance, and with me,
 Gen. Roneaii has behaved with great
 propriety.’* 0
 Another letter from an American
 gentleman in Havana, received at the
 same time, thus testifies to the merits
 of Gen. Campbell’s skilful and effi
 cient proceedings in the matter:
 Gen. Campbell has been exerting
 himself strenuously in favor of a col
 ored American Citizen named Lytle,
 and l think he has succeed*! *d&lt;n:r
 ably. X should be much gratified that
 you should lend him v&lt;*ur truthful
 testimony among such of your friend*
 as imagint it very ce«jr lo aoefaio and
 aarvy forth their principles, no matter
on what sod. or amid what people aod
 institutional A timely compromise has
 done away with tfit chance of danger
 ous measure* on the individual for the,
 removal of proof of the act. The
 Captain General bae lent a ready co
 operation in this case, and again l think j
 that the Consul deserves much credit
 for his agency. Reaeosable wages,
 with interest, and expense* homeward,
 are quite favorable terms especially
 when you learn what Gen. Tacon an
 swered on n previous examination of
 the earns case during bis Government;
 also, I think, at the request of eome
 American agent. It was to the pur
 port that the man should obtain bis
 ransom by paying for it."
 Gen. Campbells hospitable kindness
 to all bis countrymen arriving in Hav
 ana, and satisfactory performance of
 the duties of hit office, have long made
 him eminently popular as our Consul
 at Havana: as be had formerly been in
 Washington in his former capacity as
 a member of Congress from South
 Carolina. Whatever may be the
 chances and changes of parties, it is to
 be hoped that such an officer may long
 be allowed to serve the country in the
 poet which he both graces and liunors.
 Two curious circumstances, as we
 understand have occurred in the history
 of his case, the first is, that when
 Hernandez at first learned the man to
 be an American, and not an African,
 he required the Slave merchant (Mar
 tinez) to take him hack, but the diffi
 culty of the defective title was got over
 by reducing the price to a quarter of
 the sum first agreed upon showing
 that the precious pair of bargainers in
 Free, flesh and blood perfectly under
 stood what they were about. The deal
 er on the African coast (Don Pancho
 Ramon) had anted fairly by the men.
 and given him a letter to the house in
 Havana, explaining his true character.
 The damages which have been now
 paid to Lytle have been, we understand,
 contributed equally by the two.
 The other circumstance is, that at
 the time of his being landed and taken
 to the barracoon, Lytle-sent a letter to
 the American Consul then at Matanzas
 (named Shoemaker, according to h s
 recollection,) and had an interview with
 him, in which he claimed protection.
 The functionary was on the point of
 sailing for the United States, and re
 plied by telling him to go and renwin
 quietly at the estate of Hernandez, for
 a month or two, and he would see about
 his case. Lytle never heard farther
 from or of him and twice, when he
 made his way to the Consulate at Mat-!
 nnza&lt;s, he was told by the person iiii
 charge that there was no record of the
 case on the hooks of the office.—Now,
 we know nothing of the manner in
 which the aforesaid Consulate of Mat
 anzas has been filled through this per
 iod, but we commend these statements
 of the rescued free slave to the atten
 tion of those who may.
TIIE AUCTION.
 Slavery. —l am happy, gentlemen, to
 he able once more to offer the Presidency
 of these United States, with nil its pat
 ronage for the next term of four years,
 to the lowest bidder; aod as we met at
 the South do things in a summary man
 ner, I shall receive but one bid from
 each individual.
 Who bids?
 Liberty. John P. Hale.
 Slavery. —Understand me,gentlemen,
 I said the lowest bidder. Give us a bid
 League. —Gerrit Smith.
 Slavery. —Do not trifle, gentlemen;
 I feel the importance of the occasion.
 This is probably the last time in which
 I shall have it in my power to make
 such an olfer. I find that my health is
 declining, and ere another four years
 shall come round, I may be like Samp
 son shorn of his locks. Now is your
 opportunity, gentlemen; who bids?
 Democrat. —Lewis Cass.
 Starery. Thank you, Mr. Demo
 crat; you could not have done better in
 so high a latitude. Mr. Cass is offered;
 who bids lower?
 Wiig. —Zachary Tatlor.
 Slavery —Enough, enough: you can
 go no lower. Once, twice, three times
 —gone. And I am astonished, Mr.
 Whig, that a man of your arrogant
 professions should even make such
 a humiliating concession; especially
 that you should be the last man to nerit
 and receive this boon at my hands; and
 although it may produce the speedy dis
 solution of your body, yet be assured
 that such a patriotic act of self-abase
 ment will not be forgotten while the
 name of Whig endures.
 More lasting fame by thi* you w ill acquire,.
 Than Nero g A by setting Rome on fire.”
AN INTELLIGENT JURY.
 The Editor of the Richmond (Va.)
 Southerner, who is travelling through
 the State, furnishes occasionally quUl
 an amusing picture of life in the **Old
 Dominion." At Westmoreland Court
 house, he was much struck with the in
 telligence of a jury in a litigated case
 of long standing.
 About dark, the sovereign arbiters
 came d wn, the way they went up,
 and stood in court. The clerk called
 their names, and then asked them what
 they hsd been about, aud in whose favor
 they had east judgment. The foreman,
 with great dignity aud suavity of man
 ner, replied:
 “The defendant* have got the case."
 Here the counsel for the parties wanted
 to know which party it was they called
 the defendants. The jury looked at
 one another with bewildered eyes and
 blank faces, to fiud their wbereab uts
 The lawyers still pressing the matter,
 several of them said for one party, and
 several for another. At last one of th**
 jury said, “We gin it to tlie wiin»uins,"
 and then they all snid, “Yea, that's it.’
 This decisiou led to such laughing and
 swearing as we never knew over any
 jury verdict. Tha parties threw away
 the jury's judgment, and compromised
 the matter.
DzrosTMENT —Be reserved, hut not
 eoor; grave, but not formal; brid, bat
 n-4 rash; bambl*, but not servile; pa
 tieat. but not insensible; constant, but
 am obstinate; cheerful, bet not jitfi*.
 Kaiher b« sweet-tempered rather t!s%i
 wider; aod fotintale with very few,
 aod with tnoee few upon good grounds.
THE CONDITION Of PARTIES.
 Both of (he great political parties ol
 this country are broken up. Th*
 Baltimore and Philadelphia Conven
 tions dissolved both int»their original
 elements. Both are without candidate#
 or principles upon which they can unite
 even a tolerable degree of their party
 strength. The wide dirersity of opin
 ion exhibited by the members of both
 Conventions, was the mirror like reflex
 of the sentiment of the country, and o
 their constituents. From first to last,
 it waa perfectly apparent that Ibe bond
 of party onion had been weakened; that
 old issues had become obsolete; in
 abort, that it was impossible lo unite
 upon a common platiom. No comprom
 ise could be made without compromi
 sing essential principles, consequently
 all endeavors to that end proved idle.
 The candidates finally nominated by
 the Conventions b*»th tailed to recieve
 l the unanimous endorsement ot the dele
 gates after they had retrieved sufficient
 number ol ballots t entitle them to the
 nomination; and both bodies broke up
 amidst the declarations ot some mem
 bers not to support the nominations
 made. These Conventions, we reptat,
 were but ihe embodiment of the senti
 ment of the couutry, which, in the pro
 -1 gross it has been making for the last
 few years, has gradually freed itself
 from" sympathy with old issues and
 i principles, and now detnaurls soine
 i thing new, and more in accordance
 with the spirit and necessities of the
 times.
 We believe the old parties have re
 cieved a shock which they cannot rco
 ver from. Both in their day have ac-
 I complished some good, but both have
 outlived their usefulness and populari
 ty. Syracuse Star.
 To Young Ladies. Young maiden,
 who hast merely gone l&gt; tanizing into
 the land of romance, and there picked
 up tliy knowledge of men and tin*
 world; who on the enti un-e into society
 anticipates wit 1 a feuriul pleasure, t:&gt;at
 the men will b sy themselves about
 thee, cither as the butterfly about the
 rose, or the spider about the fly—a
 word to thee. Be at rest; the world is
 not fearful. The men have too much
 to d with themselves. Thou wi t have
 to experience that they will inquire no
 more after the than alter the moon, and
 somt times even loss. Thou annest
 thyself, fhnu of seventeen years, to re
 sist the storm of life; ah! thou wilt prob
 ably come to have more to do with its
 inaction. But let not thy courage fail,
 there are life and love m rhe world in
 the richest abundance, not often in the
 form of which they for the most part
 are exhibited in romances. Tlie roman
 cer distils life; he makes a day out ot
 ten years, and out of a hundred grains
 of c &gt;rn draws one drop of spirit; it is in
 his trade. The reality proceeds in an
 other inauner. Rarely come the great
 evetus, the powerful scenes of passion.
 They bel mg, in every day life, not to
 the rule, but the exceptions. On that
 accou it thou good creature! sit not and
 wait, or thou wilt suffer tedium. Seek
 not the affluence of life without thee;
 j create it in thy own bosom. Love
 heaven, nature, wridoin, all that is good
 around tliec, and thy life will become
 rich, the sails of its air ship w ill fill with
 the fresh wind and so gradually soar up
 the native regions of light and love.—
 Miss. Bremer.
 Change or Air.— An occasional
 change of air may he said to he almost
 necessary to the perfect well being of
 every man. The workman must leave
 his workshop, the student his library,
 and the lawyer his office, or sooner or
 later his health will pay the penalty;
 and this, n matter how great his tem
 perance in eating and drinking—no
 matter how vigorously and regularly he
 uses his limbs—uo matter how open,
 and dry, and tree from sources of impuri
 ty may he the air of tlie place in which
 he is employed. 111 the slightest case
 of impaired health, the sleeping in the
 suburbs of the town iu which the life is
 chiefly spent, or even the spending a
 few hours of detached days in some
 accessible rural district, at a few miles’
 distance from the dwelling, may sutfic
 t restore the healthy balance of the
 bodily functions, a:i d maintain the bodi
 ly machine in a tit state for its duties;
 or in cases of somewhat more aggra
 vated character, a more decided change
 of air, lor even a lew days, once or
 twice a year, may suffice to adjust or
 restore the due econ &gt;my of the system.
 Robertion on Diet and Regimen.
 Flowers and the Human Heart.
 —How much fl &lt;w.*rs resemble the
 young heart, in its bright m &gt;r.mig ere
 it has stained Lie plumage of its sinless
 years. Traditi »n of them tell mb that
 they were once like youth even in this
 —that they loved, a id talked, and had
 j a«sion&amp; like luis. Wh. her the go.d
 en age of flowers has past &lt;.r not, they
 are still invested with t sew suscep
 tibilities in song. H»w &gt;ftea and how
 fondly the poet revels in the held o.
 flower*. Do they not talk of him?
 W ho that ha* heard the soft, lo«r whis
 pers of the preen leaves and brighr
 flowers on a spring morning, who did
 not tee! rainuow gleams of gladness
 running through hi* heart? Like beau
 ty in the human form, flower* hint and
 foreshow relations of transceudaut deli
 cacy and sweetness, and point to the
 beautiiul and unattainable. From the
 garden favorite to the dainty wild flow
 er of the in matain, all have a charm
 iaexpressable, a beauty unapproachable
 leading the way, and wooing the spirit
 onward and upward. How sweetly and
 instructively the flower hows its head to
 the breath of night, or the rude storm.
 At morning it yield* it* fragrant crimson
 boros to tiaaven on tbs soft wings ot
 the dew-drop. This the heart learns to
 bring a holier offering to the shrine ol
 all good.
 CsTtariLUAju. An E igli*h agri
 cuftara) paper gives the following
 method of destroying caterpillars, which
 was accidentafty discovered, aod is
 practised by a gardener sear Glasgow.
 A piece of woollen rag had been blown
 by tbs wind into a current bush, end
 when taken out was found covered with
 ftftlerpiUeitk Taking the hud. he itn
 ■tedlately placed pieces of woollen
 doth in every bush to hia garden, and
 found tha next day that (he caterpiHars
 find utitversaUy taken to the Si for she I
 faibis way he destroys thousand.
QUiutrtiscmtnts.
FIBBT OF AtilST, TUB
 MBTUiill OF ttOMM freezes.
 niox kociuty faik.
 r J"'HE UNION ASSOCIATION will told a Fair
 MINERVA HALL,
 Oa Tndn, Kayo* Ist. Tbe pabik are respect
 fully invited to *Um(.
 E. W. WALKER. Prw.
 MARY GIBBS, Vk* Pre*.
 Door* opra at 10 o’clock, ia tiic Murniag.
 HO LB OFI IIttRSES
 WAVERLY LIVERY STABLE.
 STATE STREET.
 r FIIE wtutrLii bavin* recently ewtered into Co
 -1 partnership ia tto Livery bwsines*, at the well
 and favorahiv ktxxva stand of W. H. Sprague;
 wool f state w ith aB dne deference and reapert to the cit
 izeno of Rocketeer generally, and the riding commu
 nity in purtiruUr, that in or.lec to meet the many
 uralt i firkins .lemands of oar fiend* and patrons, are
 have fpeetly an i materially enlarged oar EstaMish
 ment. Our incwnpaiahlr' and unequaled stud of
 Hots***, have »H torn selected wkh care and j»f»-
 ment, with an eye to the wants of those who are in
 the hnhit of patronizing estaldisbmeou ut this kin 1.
 We are Constantly i*vci easing taw stock of Bug»ys,
 Snlkvs, Carriages, kr-, which tor elegnnre. oan
 il* t, and convenience "unnof be excelled in Western
 New Yoik. We think our Summer Arrangements
 approach :is near perfection as possible, and monlei
 to press lioiue this L orb udhs fcreiUy, we hereby
 tling down the g inittVt an 1 delv competition.
 SHERWOOD «b H1 T SBI»X&gt;K.
 FIR AXD SILK HITS.
 FARRINGTON PRICE, uianofUctnrer amt.
 •lealer in Fur awl Silk Hats, CUh and Kui
 Caps, Ladies’ Fnrs and Trimmings. Buffalo Robe.!
 and aa assortment of Hat Cases, Umbrella*, j
 Ac. Ac., No. 2, St. Paul Street, Minerva Block. I
 JJ- A usual supply of Buckskin Gloves an
 Mittens.
 ROCIII:STERSHOE AND LEATHER
 JOBBING HOUSE.
 THE subsciilicrs at No. 22 Statesheet,take plea
 sure in announcing to the public that they have
 romp.Lt d ari aegeuients by which lin y are enabled j
 to oiler the most sntisfactoiy inducements to all en-i
 in the s..L or manufacture of Bools and Shoes, I
 to min'’t. tliis market fir a supply.
 Thev me also offering&gt;m the ms fnuortbleterms,
 a laig rt .ck of Sole an i Upper Leottor, Kij all, j
 an I Morocco Skins, with a full ass itinent &lt;&gt;f Fin
 mg, inclti iing Lists, I e,’S, &amp;c. lVal ts will fin it
 gieatlv to their inteicst to xamine oui stock bef-ie
 I urchasing else whet e.
 jx 10 SAGE PANCOST.
 BRITISH PERIODICAL
 LITERATIRC.
 SUBSCRIBE EARLY WHILE THE TERMS
 ARE LOW.
 nr. PUBLICATION OF
 T e London Quarterly Rerun, The
 Edinburgh Review, The .Xorth Rrit
 ish Reriev, The fVrshirinster Rrriete,
 and Blaekicood’s Edinburgh Maga
 zine.
 The above Periodical* me reprinted in New Yoik,
 immcJiatclv on their ariival by the Biitish steamers,
 in a beautiful clear type, on line white paper, an
 are faithful copies of the originals, Bktekwnoo’s
 Magazine, being an exact facsimile of the EdiiiLuigh
 edition.
 They embrace the views of the three grev.t parties
 in England—Tory, Whig, and Radical. Black
 wood” an I the Lomtoii Quarterly” arc Tory the
 “Edinburgh Review” Whig; anl the Westmin
 ster Review” Radical. Tlie North British Re
 view” is mare of a religious character, having been
 originally edited by Dr. Chalmers, ami now, since
 his' death, being conducted by h.s son-in-law, Dr.
 Hanna, associated with Sir David Brewster. Its
 literary character is ol the very highest order..
 ritlCK.n FOR 1849, (if subscribed for early.)
 I’or any one of the four Rey iews, *3 OB per annum.
 For anv two do 5 00
 For any three do 700
 For all fair of die Reviews, 8 00
 For Blackwood's Magazine, 3 00
 For Blackwood and the 3 Reviews, 9 00
 For Blackwood die 4 Reviews, 10 00
 Payments to be made in all easts in advance.
 CLUBBING.
 Four ropies of any or all die above works will to
 scat to one address on payment of the regular sub
 j scription for tliiee—the fourth copy being gratis.
 EARLY COPIES,
 A late arrangement yvith die British publishers of
 Blackwood’s Magazine secures to ns early sltcets nt
 duU work, by which yve shall to able to plate tltc
 entire number in the hands of subscribers befoie any
 portion of it can to leprinted in any of the American
 Journals. For tins ami ottor advantages secured to
 our sutoi'iito we pay so lings a eonsideiation,diat
 yve may to compelled to raise die price cf tlie Maga
 zine. Theiefoie we repeat “suLsciibe early while
 the price is low.”
 Remittances and communications should to Jrvoy*
 addressed, post-paid or franked, to the publishers,
 LEONARD SCOTT CO.
 TO Fulton street, New York.
POl Elt T If:
 ITS ILLEGAL CAUSES AND LEGAL
 CUKE.
 BY LYS'.NDER SPO'SER.
 The Albany Patriot calls it—“A neat pamphlet of
 l»)8 pag s—a very remarkable production.”—
 Whrtlier all the anticipations of Mr. Sqx.ner
 ivoul i be realizr-l by the full a.loption of his theory,
 vie do not here stop enquire; but we heartily com
 mend his endeavor 1 1 the notice of all who love a
 transparent lb. ciblefiction—intrepid independence—
 original tlvoug :t—and entiie free-Um from the cant
 of sect or pat t\. As a judicial wi itei, lie lias a dr| th,
 a compass, lai b« vond any one ais sc piocucliotis
 have met o«r e\e in a l »n§ time.”
 Hurt’s Me* count’s Magazine says—“lt übou r's
 in b-rt ian i original thoughts. The illegal cause* of
 pove ty are smte an i a nu.i.lvr of uupxitaut pro; o
 sitians beat mg on tlie subject laid own; an *,on the
 whole, we cousi ler it a v.oi k well woitb stu ying—
 aifor iing as it does many valuable hints tot.ic states
 man an t |toliti~al economist.” i
 The Bangor Gazette say* An able an Ice tain
 ly origin..l wotk, from rise pen &lt;»f Lisan er Spooner,
 Esq.—autliar ot tiait powei fui )&gt;ook which uemon
 stiati s the unconstitutional.ty of A.uji jean SUve-y.
 There is no w.iter ot te ag", of log cal aca.nen more
 •eatching than Spsoo ie..,* I'ha new work is des
 tine Ito fca •toa re examination if ad f-nne sys
 tem# of pot.tu al econo i y.” At tir»t blush hi* eco
 nomical pioposui ms sti ike u# a# sust.im.iblc—and it
 they air s., his work w.b p.t-vaL, and [ro..u&lt;e tn
 important itvoiut.cn in the pusz.il pending sys
 tem.
 Every one should read it.”
 BELA MAUSH. Publisher, Boston.
 Part L Pi »ce 25 Utu.
 The giuard life insurance, AN
 NUITY AND Titos r COMPANY of I’hda.
 uelphia. Chaite ed in I&amp;6—CLote. Perpetual;—
 Capital, f* 500,9-W —Barqtuun A. Richards, P.em
 deal. CoaimutaUo make romance on lire#, g anti
 annuities an lea lowmcr rt», an I accept t.ust* front in
 dividuals, coiporate holies, aitJ cou.U of justice,
 a i i execute them ag eeubiy to the dr to s of the |*u
 ties, and receive -deposit* of mmey in trust or on
 into. eat.
 The Company add a bonus at stats I pet feds to
 the iiutu ance for life, aid on tae 2Uth of Jammy
 last, an a tdition was mill all the p .lick* far life,
 letuainiag in fo.ee an t issue 1 prior to January Ist,
 1412, automating to 1J per rent, on the saa insu.ed
 in polities issue lia 1A47; 7i per rent, oo polkies
 issued ia 1448,and is rateable pfwpmtioaaaccording
 to their lespective dates.
 The duet object of an insurance fur life is to pro
 vide a sms of moos; at the death of the party insur
 ed, for the beoetk of a wi Jew, eh d bee, 6 ten. Is or
 esc t tiers; aad is will be seen oa examination of the
 taUs of rates sf tha kfe iurmanes, which wiU be
 fiaauhad by the subacribar hi all who spry fcuJ as
 litatast ia the subject, th.it bv paying a small sum to
 the ofbee every sear du. tus lift, a pet sjo may sc
 «*•10 b» kmdj av* j rof ulqiuble unmt at hie
 iWf iff
 Wherever the system of Life Iwruee is properly
 an tmatoal, it is oauwily alepisi, aad us great
 advamafm to aU, but more especially to thorn who
 depemi aa dmtresroeaastwae far the sap?art of (hear
 fernilies, or srho amy be rkeinoes to aacme the pay
 ■wt era eo.a ofmmey to tbei.' friends, era liters or
 «ys«Mi aaafe ommiimmrT
 oae coast Asrotma of the public-
 J^JS2s?st'Bs^Sr2^2
 ur two iqs* lime aaaf tic pwomma, mhea hfehmihr

 ■fat of tbs Girard I*; lu.wanes Uempdtt. V
POST AND WILLIS, Dealer* in Drugs. Medi
 cin*s brmsento, Dye »*•#*»P«i«Aii Varassb.
 LIBS, Glassware, Brwbe*, Pettuuwry, Daguerrc-typ*
 Staffs, French and (irmzn tfofkicafer Aitatf
 Cdnrr, Brushes and ('auras*» Ethereal Oil, toll
 Leaf and Foil, Jtr, Ac. _
 Bring Ag iits k&gt;r n*m nf the ceMwxted ParaiK
 aad rahalfs Patent Me trrme*, lad reeeiviug the
 same directly firma the Manatectaran or their Agents,
 they are enabled to supply all orders *1 wholesale
 ami retail, oo the most hrwalih tor—.
 Honaeofaitbk- Books, Me-ltcmes, and Family
 Cases, with full directions. Only agents for West
 era New York.
 AUi, Sherwood’s Vibratory Magnetic Machines,
 with directaais.
 l*hosg«vie also F.theriul Oil and Lamps, fci
 1 aiming the same. Tkwe who wuald raasuk ero
 iKtujy and couvenknce are invited to examine these
 Ijyrnps. The attentimi of Cmmtrv Merchants, INiv
 sichms. Families, and others, wishing goods in if*
 above line, is ret{Uest«l at the APOTHECARIES'
 lIALL, 4, Exchange Street.
 OWEN MORRIS' CITY BINDER!
 cxiiCß th r apsKCM—Lie fisher A aoaais.
 MR. MORRIS was in the employ of Mr. Maren.*
 Morse for seven years, and (luring that liar
 procured A* him three' Silver Medals, h r the lies*
 specimen* „f IL*A Binding, eahibited at the Me
 chanics’ Fairs told in this rity ami Buf alo.
 Ueutlemcs’s Libraries Cued irp and repaired
 Music Paper rule-' Musk ami reiim icals toiirtl
 ami finished to any pattern. BhnA Account Bo.k,
 executed at this »»Ll bdunent have given unc&lt;|ttali«rd
 stitisf.iction, I y their and elegance. Strict
 attention is always paid to the now toy ti r**l’ er
 to n n-!er ttom equal to the best in the UiiiteU States
 or those imported.
 Ladies* Scrap and Orard Books, Albums and'
 Portfolios, in all their varieties, uuuiufiictiued l&lt; j
 order in the tost style.
 Banks, Institutions, Societies, Ac., may to;
 assured of wotk being done on the most advantageous
 terms.
 Gentlemen residing at a distance, by packing and
 ftirraaim? vi-lruios to the al-ove direction*, stating
 price and style, may rely upon ttoir being well bund j
 on tto most favoiahle terms, also carefully and,
 ptmctmllv rrttn ne-!.
 N.B. The proprietor has spared no experre in
 fitMcg up tli- establishment, aul irtn* ocn-g into
 Western New d»e Last it»j n»v csierts in
 Book Binding..
 OWEN MORI!T9,
 City Bindeiy, under the Mtnct’tn.
 l 1
 POINTING PAPER Af.’EKY,
 YITE are Agents for tto Bu alo Paper Mill*, j
 vv where Paper of die best qual.ty is made fiom j
 pure spring writer, vety white an smooth. A
 plv of New san I Botik Paper ke| t conutaat y toi
 sale Iw us, at Mill prices, in la g‘ oi small lots.
 Ai’y size an I qtaility of Paper n t on hand, fur-j
 nislic i ats'aii t n&lt; tics’,
 Piintcis an 1 othe.s will !o well to call and exam- I
 inc tire quality and pii:-e, at No. 6 Exchange st.
 FISHER A Co.
 ivSl Bot k.-elleis and l ul bsl ei's.
DOSTOX A 1)1 LKTiM A. I IMS.
 C L ARK S~O N,
 LONDON EDITION—MITH PORTRAIT.
 A FEW cop i s ol CLARK SUN’S lilts’! CR\
 A (JF THE ABOLIIION OF TllL SLBI
 with retail iy reuiaiks on tile- sul-seqiienl
 rd«i|iti n of 91-iveiy; a Leairtilul L ndnii eoiliou,
 with a filter Peltpait of the Autln r, dt ne- on steel. —a
 b: ok which c u| n&lt;.t Ire impel ted lot Lss than thiee
 dollars, can to had at 21, Cornhill, it applied t&lt;a
 imincdiuteiy, at die ve»y l -w pi ice ot On* Dollar.
 ash. Als.t, EULOGIUM ON CLARKSON, ly
 Al i xamii b Cuemmill, at the reduced pike ol
 twelve and a halt cents.
 ROBERT MORRIS, Jr., Attorney and Cihiii
 sclloi at Law Blazer’s Buildirg, State Sheet.
 MACON in. ALLEN, Alt' reev and i.uiiselh.r
 at Law, Mawat IniSetts Bh t k.

 HOYS’ CLOTHING.
 OAMT’EL MILSO.N, 10, Biatt’e Strict, having
 nia/c recent a 'dilion* to hi* stock, is prep&gt;oied to
 furnish BOY S' CLOTIiING, t as got-d mateiial
 and tit, and at as cheap piirrs, as can to obtained in
 tile city.
 NEW ENGLAND SECOND HAND
 CLOTHING STORE,
 No. 56, Us ion Street, Boston.
 JOHN WRIGHT keep* constantly on hand n
 great variety of -\ryy and Second Hand
 (iorals of all kiu:ls,Mirh as old clothe*, W'. I.
 atche*, Boots and Sln-e*, Sir., exchanged f r new
 clothing. Cash advanced on all kind* of goods,
 from one to one hundred dollars.
 JOHN I). REV A LEON, llnir Cutting Saloon,
 and Perfumery Emporium, 114, Blaekstone-st.
 NEW BOOKS.
 S M.E at the A mi-Slavery Depository, 21,
 Cornhill—namely.
 The Liberty Bell for 1849. A few copies remain.
 Lite of ifliain VV. Brown, 2 I Edition, with addi
 tional matter and new engraving*. I'iice, bound,
 37£ cts; in paprer covers, 25 ct*.
 Mr. Shackl.ird’s Appeal in icgarJ to the War with
 Mexico, 12j cts.
 I’osiii.-n and Duties of the North, with regard to
 Slavery. By Andrew I*. Peabody, act*.
 Six Month* at Graefcnberg. By Henry C. VV right.
 1,00.
 Diik Crowningshitl-1, tto a*sassin, and Zaciiary
 laylui, the S-ih.iei tto Difference between'
 tiein. By Henry C. Wright. 3 cts. single; 25
 cts. pier dozen.
 f I’HOMAS P. SMITH, No. 39, Brattle Street,
 X sign of ito Golden Ball. New aud Second
 hand clothing Store.
 ISAAC If. SNOWDEN, Book, Newspaper,and|
 1 Fancy Job I’rintei, IJ, V\ atcr Sticet,
 Q&amp;- Aii oidcis promptly atotudad to, and neatly
 execute. I.
 Tii iL* a*av L um* u 8 ira rlf ri lU-»k*».
 (OMMENCED on tto first of December, 1547,
 to to Co tiuue on the l*t of Maii h, June, an
 ana September. It will to* uevme.t to the inieiot
 of no parly u class, but it* mnductm, will enoe;.-
 vor to yirse: I an open and fair field fin- tto notice
 an I dibcitraioo of uiartei* p eituining to l'hil-ikopl.y
 Politics, Literature, Religion, au.i tiuxuaaMy.
 The R-iiew viiil to con ucte l by R. W Emci
 *ou, TUenni ie Paikei, an-. J. Elliot CaL t, a*»i*teo
 by veinl ottoi ge ith ureo.
 Each nun.tor will contain i U*ut 123 pages, at th*
 ptrice of !r 3 a yeai, in advance.
 Comnwuwr«'t¥ui&gt;, *4 tociipia.iu, Ac. shoukl to!
 a.h.4C»azo to tue Pubhstots,
 LCH/I,IDGE k V ILEY, i
 Li, tt atei Street, Uo*be;.
Unit i;-» LKIi'L.HL.VIS
FREE FHOEL’CE blOh K.
 N EW tiOODsj just tectved. (icaeiai leductioo
 ia piker.
 t uie 4-4 f'lmis, varii as s(\ ter.
 .Sea styles &gt;4 1 tmu ot me turn quality,i *uaiaidtb.
 file ail w»*«e l’apef dii.id..*. A.S-J Cojoico
 lamt* irs.
 Caitaui Caiko. Sapeiiur Cue CbinU Umbrellas.
 Uil UutJii.
 S»i!i ictz, good an l cheap. Also on liau mostly at
 tfrJWoi poets, Giiigaamc, vaoutis quatitic# air.
 sty as.
 Fmc and beav* SUiui.is. Siiectings, aud PilEw
 Muslins.
 Sb tpeu biiuhir*. Fine 6-4 1 laid Muslin.
 Mosliu &lt;le Lil a, Liu s-Ki iwaliy bguied, all wool, j
 Liuti's, «a&gt;raiitr&gt;i tree In-IB coltmi.
 k Lends 4-4 tusi pi tee lu«. Canton flannels,
 while ami cokue...
 Tabic Lh*( er an I Cl tks, of difermt srylr*.
 Apron an i uuuui.t l be* k. Cou .n ftaMUkcrdiisfs.
 Cott-n Twihe. t artalaou huts*. Alsu Linen
 l&gt;. tiling, fe
 Lung a mi ts*4 tiose, Cna ami hr any.
 Cotton, Viusous No*., Uusdw !,bruwn,aad
 oulased.
 W a-ati ia, white aad colored Cotton Laps- Also,
 Uciiueo Loml, Ltubtii, and FvJvui us. hspir.
 Brown S)uga&lt;, guud quality, of various gtauc*.
 The wh. k stuck ew.kw.vciy lies L*m floods,
 to wliicn the Stobaci liter wuwL mvi e the atkutaui
 of c-amt. y nwrehauts, as well a* hi* G umU* and the
 public geuaraUy
 Much pwiu* is uh«M by the Managers of Urn F.se
 Produce Aswciutiua, to assist the SoUaibsv to sa
 fehps the assMUuuM horn turn to tame.
 C£OI«CE M TAYLOR,
 Northwest cur nor Fifth and Uuiiiali.
 Philadelphia Su mo. Ist, IMS. tf
 JUST PUBLISHED. a»J fer sale at the uftce of
 tf dm Ajax til* vary jfesadar
 The Ugma of Ldmtty.aad Ftwea oFTimfe, |fch
 mmurn.
 This work eoatataa about 2SO pegaa cf douu
 Thu Cauditum. laftanmr, Rtfht*. ami Appeal of
 _ Wu*aeo,ftiim twvm autii ns, l2i -etits.
 iMfer as the tV&gt;pli of dm Uattmt Late*, hmeMu
 nz-oi. t.
PHILIP A. WHITE, Druggist, comer .A Frmk
 fort aod Gold Street.
\I7IUJAM B. POWELL, IWibr IW fi
 ▼V Cherry Street.
 M’CUNE SMITH, 93, W«t rnil
T. S 2!!! n«««. w. k«*
JOSEPH C# HOI LY, Bo&lt;&gt;t *nd SUe
 U No. 91, C tantoiy Street, Brooklyn.
 N.O. R» fairing nexty executed at the aborted
 ■otter and ot» the mote reasouvl.L fniua.
W M Taik-r, 54€ Broad-
 J Ai ~asstetmeat ol Cramu,
 Stocks, Hosiiy, (.Ives, Ac.
 AUmny, Feb. 11, 1948.
GKNTREL HOARDING IIOUB9.
 DIHRLEB HIGHGATE, would ftapactlbOy ja
 tU-ua hi« frienda and the public, ttot|be cominurt
 to device every attention to tto.se pleased to Lvov
 has “boaae” w ith n cwH. Tto frrasa is blnuath
 located at C 32 Broadway, Albany.
 Feb. 18, 1948.
WILLIAM RICH, Hair Diowing and Bathing
 Saloon, Tnp 1 loose, Tr..y, New York.
W B. LOGAN, Dealer ia Fashiotwlk
 lidfi y ,mhMr New
 Y\ H. L. keep* constantly on hand a good assort
 ment, asm wid sell ehiayr for r»*l*. Strut anaruoi*
 laid to w.ck, by Messrs, lather and
 Davis
'IT T ASHIN(iTON’S Darwinian Gallery, lag,,
 V V Main Street, Kellogg's Buildings, liaitioid.
 Connect i cut.
NOKIKAm&lt;*_VAILR ClFt.
 FfertileJty' t ed I&gt;ydrcretLy,
 THF pnMie arc i«rpiit»afiy ul.rn ef ,-t at tires
 the pbii si phirsl tte rcth ts U tto- kfcrie 4 I&gt; r
 M«ars, if Inu iy Celitgr, Ci., i.rd tie *r i&lt; tit c
 &gt;|&lt;ii»ients .f Mr. Itonnrr «l Irgkm h.\e
 I«&lt;ei‘l!j and in; 1 1 iud.ly ertaldisLeu tie fart, tin
 the Mirk si« rs at vlnltle umeisicned mrivc. I&gt;
 the seise «f net I, in 1844, me in lain try wni.
 ratna) an«l j 4 y»i&lt; l&lt; rni I kwt— to wit, tint tie
 1 man bo* y, in a Ivrftby r* n* iti* r, is in a ;«*»ritr
 •It. trial tutr, and tint* tie elertiirtd enmnii. ts
 ti&lt; in tie (Uiului siultue, im iiste Is; Is),« i tie
 ,-ytipl. as sad I mi: «t« r *tt in i»«— tltit is nut
 mi son to l pe, tls.l tsifaip i ly»i( ivi.s, igm taut of
 th* fc rtheiplrs «r iatnu.l b.as, s 4 1.&lt; wtoge 11
 wbicli i* ntii to ti e side an*, mieliigeri pm tiie
 i f the toi.lit g nit, will res-.*e tleiv tu ileisti.ns
 hcainst tie lomm iiinmiAi ststi title
 hi uan Lt.ty, him' silt Frsiute to t it si at e i|i»e
 n l.t in they 1 1. Ve failet. *o re lit ve of ib&lt; it rm pU.ii is,
 lit in tctkicg raieir’s ttsidv at tie N* »u a nr-
 YD9 V. aTj X t VRI. Til's tistuinei ly tie light
 •J science, tie ant rsigret nny Ic peiriiltto |,ie
 to it 1 1 ut his esp eii* me, tin I, ir« 111 iis* t where fl e
 wiist, *lt&gt;a in I t r lings, me in (be eleiUi -regative
 ct nt itW.n, the paliart is toyeih, tlie |tt.uei 11 v«alrr
 to afit.i’d relit I. On the t thei l-mtt', wltn tl* |*itt
 of tlie toa.y ulluteti ft, are in tie tie* ti«*|wstlive
 stwtr. In wever (iisauaeged, tbtic is git uno tu lien*
 (in a rt-ie.
 Had in t ito rrrvlt* cf p*st yrars’ pinetk*
 ii!reat:y convinced the p if He »A If *’mlrty n noth
 ftttocs* t f die principles by whit li tto tfik osigned is
 **t.veined, in t'etet tn-g the syu pton.s ant: tl wsdrr
 i of dist a-e, and practising tf e ewit, li e leecnt sriin
 lific Uenionstiatn.n tj ttoircoi reel rets, by I’m lessor
 Mrars anti Mi. ileion.ei, could not. tail to conviucw
 I the most ieciei nlt-us.
 Gratefully up tot biting f| e credit so gencronsfy
 I uwnrtletl fi.r his sseems u* a 1 yt rep athic Pibeli
 lit.ner, ly a (iisccining public, aiii the giainst*
 vincctl I y those wtom he Inis had the plmsuieto
 relieve &lt;4 their o n plaint*, the cntlersigned will
 assiduously tiiot ovt i it. n slain ibe-.eiet it, and neiit
 that gi a til in l in the ri.se of tvriy invalb; wlm n.ay
 affoid him nn op p ortunity to eftt’rt a cure, I y In's
 i 0111411 al anil |'hik.*t-p hical iitctl-oti t f J'l#clice.
 I he Noithauq ton Y\ aiei (me is p In.rantlv situ-
 I atetl near Feno.iivifle, on ti e west bank t f Lit king
 Water, nr Mill River, about two anti a half milts
 tii'in the centie ol the t&lt; wn. It is con* 1 nieiitly
 arranged, with separate pailns, lathing ami dress'-
 ing-rni.ms, for Lair ties and Gent lenicß, well venlil
 uted and conveniently furnished lodging rooms, and
 avaiiety of hath*, sup j lied w itli water, whir h. tor
 -tl iiiti.uncc, p’ur ity, and at ap.lednes* to water-cure
 piu rose*, is un.-uipasved ly that of any other esta-
 I.ji4,ntent in tlii* eounfry. The srenefy in Ud»
 vieinity is j irturesqne and ron.antie. '1 here are
 Vi'riely of pdeasant (talks, sufto;ienlly retiierl, t«
 allow watci-cure |n:tirats to appear as they should,
 Ila inly dressed, enjoying their iambics* wiiheat
 toiog «X|.t.*ed to ill lit; gaze or observation.
 Among tlie conqilaints whieli are tore successfully
 I treated, are liemiacbe, tendency of I lt* M to tto toad,
 celtlextremities, general and nervous debility, biot.-
 1 Intis, nlmoimiy affection, liver comp laint, jaun
 j dice, acute or chiouic inflammation of Urn to wtls,
 piies, dy s| cj *i«, geoei a) dt hihty, nervous and spinal*
 al’celions, intiaminatory anil rh;onii* rhet im tisni,
 nemalgia, sciatica, lame lintbs, paralysis, levers, salt
 rheum, *1 rotuloii* and eiysip elas hemois.
 All frntients who visit tin. establishment for a
 course of treatment, should furnish themselves with
 three comfol tables, three woollen Mnnkets, one or
 two lim n anil tlnee cotton sheets, two pillow eases,
 six or eight ciash tout Is, r oine well worn lints, tu
 cut tor fomentations, an OUI cloak or manile, sn nn
 brt lia, anti a pair of slipp.ers.
 Terms for treatment autl hoard ate f 8 W t»
 •t S6O psi wetk, |ay idle weekly —wusl ing extra.
 A I Dent who from choice or the chaiarter of his
 complaint, oenq w» a n 1 ai atone on tto third fltmr.
 w ill pay 98 00 pei we.k—. n the first ami second
 floors, 98 50 pet week. lat touts requiting extia
 attention or toe in their rooms, (extept foi swsih
 nig purpose*,) will furnish thsto own nurses am; fwl,
 or pay an extra price.
 D. RUGGLES.
 Itorthamplcn March 1948.
 N\R. Traitors to ti e FstLlli,) mer-r, fa in the
 east, west, t*r sou»h,ew» ksL «L* ears of the Cos,,.
 River Railroad at Sp*ingri r !d. Usinages will
 always he to readiness at the Nt.ißan p»t uccpot.to
 convey them hither.
 Ito human Mimnl, in a m/ni.f »rtf 1 ea'rhy eon
 dition of the litrman sj&gt;t«m, is in a p.sitise re*ie,
 w bit Ir is coi'sfat ily ma.ulan er I y the activitv 11 it e
 genera ting *1 uin will n— an r&gt;&lt; tsr gennaliv p
 mg off in ri enee fn ra the ri ttrtdar surbur, so list
 nt of 2tb expertmeuls mate ly Mi. Imh.iici if
 Fi g'arn’, up &gt;ll the “11 net veird rkn 122 in. i» et*
 the j rrsener t p &gt;.sitivr h etiieifv. This eu.p h sage
 I tto fluid upon H e surtoce, we L-lu ve U&gt; to im is
 pensalk to the toslt I fid rimilcn cl lie while
 animal economy, am; that when, flout any cau-e n
 ee dimintol rd 11 erase*, etoevsad set* s-.**!
 Gmm.l«i..s*,drl.ve.e.i L.fo.r the Me* i*al kei M
 8, am. at ito icninj v It* am.sl rersi.,.., N. v
 8, 1847, l&gt; A. Means, A.M., MJi., I .oftswr
 ChemMt.y and U,, am. I ll
 eme in Fumy CtJlegt, (»a., p agi 2. r
ATIKit H H UUI.
 ■rilE 5..1-.,ib.r1.,, k,„ v, r ,H
 ,,vat «»pe»alh thus# sufleung tn.at
 ehrnaic disaaaa, to lus liyidoyaikw is.
 Hi* b u*e was opered f«. r the »ert| th n nff aftrnta
 14*1 season, anti u j» leli* vmt otiiris oultiii ta&lt; ill
 tie* f.»r *a,liiLsophte and i.ior in hy«s«-
 I aiby. rhe sit) |ly uf water u al wiu.aM, t-iui it;
 f urity h»* been r.xw.umeii &lt;p.»l t„ «*iei oU
 lisllfled,” hr Imkli-.w i* quile eiigd le, I ring
 a slv.it idstanie fioio tie A 31. iuili&lt;*&lt; ’U*.
 virtniiy vb.no- s in a vainly ol si entry, and fa*
 rhurmitig gi-.uwos for walk# and lamllea. to tl-at
 with (tie watrr, suitable ir K m.*u, m. untain nr-sf,
 eaeirise, pulienls ran semrely fail to cllaui It*
 healthful i.suits f»r winch liny Llior.
 'Hie following rase iNaaUuieu thi* lernaik. Mrs,
 8., wife of Dcu. 8., uf at wick, Mass ssed
 k*.ul Oiutv-five years, was to
 August Her c-ssetrcsemtol iW Qlowing oke.vx
 J a hl7«»-
 iq porta l she feiUiwith fcU to ihs
 wldk W «LT2
 t f ori i ,J** 1 ran fed ferwanl,
 ii- r, Z,
 and was mutmaed to dilii OrTlaK
 iefi. fer reauvmad M h U able u,
 f l r bor return to her tanub. she
 has continued her huths, with emrasuuaniu o*.
 pn.vma»ai tn her health. She now atienus u. her
 d-mesuc duties, aud with the Ot* is tame uf small
 gtrl, dots the touh «f her femiK
 -I to ihres eomfeiul les.
 y wm Qt* hbmbats, aaa pair of she***.
 ■“kml. with old husu k»
 me dolfers per wesh. arowd-
 Mm*, GEOROE HOTT
 THE DELAWARE ABOLITION 19T.
 dm abeam earn* will he aubßthed m
 ha pdbhehml m a half medium tbaet, at maatyA«a
 1 voratn da aummuabmaui by all feafld mmms. M
 be pid Uskpl if mmm am
 forded, or as «mt aa is iduu (wUniMuf.
 IwSkfek
