FREDERICK DOUGLASS, _
 M. R. DELANY, j Kwroa*.
YOL I. NO. 34.
Tbe MOUTH ■TAB is f eeetj
 t'aJur, at If®. 3»» Delate
 (Oppmtt ttm A read*-)
 TERM 9.
 Two dollar* per *unw«» alw'fe tnodvonee. No
 MUcripUoo w.U U mated for a bat Mr® than
 As2£e*«-u M» tm fam h«n*&lt;l
 tkrM t, n for Mi dollar; erery «ii»eqwot i«er-
 Mae, twenty-fi*e eent*. _________
 Tbi object of*• No*T« Sv*a wiH be to attack
 latest in nil it* forms and aapect*; adrocate
 Curium. EBARCirATiojt; rank die aundard
 •of Public Moralitt; promote dm moral and in
 atQectoa) im-worament of Urn Color*D Prop**;
 mmi the day of FREEDOM to the Thaii
 Million* of ow En*lat*» Fallow Cour
 veratL
 .PUBLISHER? NOTICES.
 XI commaaication* raiatinc to the bunntu
 mxtttrt of the paper,' nrr***‘sf eabacribera, pemit
 v»nc*o, Ac., ah&lt;mW be stdremad to foan Dick,
 PaWi*;&gt;e-.
 QCP Afeata. and aO other* eendui; name*, are
 -eqoested t*&gt; be accurate, and five the Post Ofice,
 he County, and the Stale. Each Subecriher is im
 mediately credited for moiarr received.
 dtp* Any perton tending in the payment for four
 eobeenbers, to be forwarded to one addreea, may
 have a fifth copy for one year.
 Otp* All letter* aad communication* must be po*t
 fdi
 LIST OfTgENTS.
 Ma»«ACHCIPTT*. —R. F. Walcott, 21, Corahin,
 Bolton', Natimn J&lt;iti&lt;iK&gt;n, New Beilford; Horatio V\
 Foster, Lowell; Jaaie* N. Buffum, Lynn; George
 Crans Worcester Bourne Spooner, Plymouth;
 Claries H. Seth, Springfield; David Ruggles,
 Northampton; H. Carpenter, Upton.
 Maine.—Oliver Dennett, Portland.
 Vermont.— Rowland T. Robinson, North Fer
 rifburf.
 Connecticut.— Jonathan Leonard, New Haven
 New Hampshire. —Wears Tappan, Bradford.
 New York. —Sydney H. Gav, 142, Nassau
 Street; Jamei McCune Smith, 93, West Broadway;
 Joseph Post, Westbury, Queen Countv; Marv Har
 per, Albany; Elias Doty, Macedon; Willetta Kecse,
 Peru, Clinton County; William S. Baltimore, Troy;
 4*. F, Platt, Penn Van; J. Jeffrey, Geneva; E. L.
 Platt, Bath.
 Rhode Island.—Amarancy Paine, Providence.
 Pennsylvania.—J. M. M’Rim, 31, North Fifth
 ■tract, Philadelphia; G. W. Goines, 8, Exchange
 Place, Ditto; H. Vashon, B. Bown, Pittslwrg;
 William Whipper, Columbia; Isaac Roberts, Jacob
 L. Paxon, Norristown, Montgomery County, Milo
 A. Townsend, New Brighton.
 Ohio.—Christian Donaldson, Cincinnati; G. W.
 Carter, Ditto; Valentine Nicholson, Harvcysburgh,
 Warren County; Samuel Brooke, Salem.
 Mi CHI GAN.—Robert Banks, Detroit.
 Indiana.—Joel P. Davis, Economy, Wayne Co.
Selections.
ADDRESS OF H. W. JOHNSON,
 Delivered at the First of August Celebration.
 rtt. President and Fellow-Citizens:
 I da not expect to be heard with
 any degree of patience, after the able
 and eloquent address to which all have
 listened with so much admiration; and
 perhaps it is the highest degree of van
 tty in me to claim your attention for one
 m upent, especially while there are oth
 era-upon this platform who can occupy
 the tirtie allotted to me to a much better
 advantage.
 However this may be, all will admit
 that,the occasion is one that command*
 the respect and attention of every friend
 «f human liberty; that should call forth
 the earnest congratulations of those
 who have long been laboring for the
 downfall of tyranny, not only in this
 land,-but throughout the entire world.
 I am happy to say, we assemble here
 to-day under auspices more favorable
 than those under which wc have assem
 bled upon former occasions. We not
 only commemorate that grand event*
 properly called Freedom’s Jubilee, the
 birthday of liberty to 803,093 crushed
 and bleeding victims of oppression, in
 the British West India Isles; but also
 rejoice over the progress of liberty
 abroad—over the fall of thrones, and
 the destruction of tyrann/ in other
 lands.
 Recent events proclaim that the march
 of liberty is onward; that the mighty
 struggle which for ages has been going
 on between freedom and slavery, must
 result in the ultimate triumph of the
 former; that however faint the pros
 pect —however dark and gloomy may
 be the clouds that for a while obscure
 the golden hues of the rainbow of hope,
 the friends of liberty need not despair.
 Those dark clouds of apprehension that
 now cover with gloom tho fairest pros
 pects of freemen, shall yet be pierced
 by the broad flash and bright sunlight of
 truth.
 Such are the hopes with which the
 events which we are this day assembled
 to commemorate, inspire us. Who, I
 ask, does not rejoice at the prospect?—
 One of the events to which I allude, is
 more particularly distinguished as a
 great moral triumph—as a victory
 achieved, not by the sword and the
 bayonet, but by the force and power of
 truth.
 After the able and eloquent remarks
 made upon this subject by the distin-:
 guished gentleman who preceded me,
 it may be superfluous for me to say one'
 word in addition; but I ask your in-*
 diligence for one moment, while I refer
 to one or two important effects it had
 upon the cause of liberty in other coun
 tries, especially in our own. In the
 first place, it swept away that miserable
 subterfuge behind which the oppress &gt;r
 ao long found a safe retreat, viz: the
 danger and impracticability of imme
 diate emancipation. It proclaimed to
 the world, what every one ought to
 have known before, that there is no
 danger in ceasing to do wrong, and
 commencing immediately to do right;
 that there u no danger in restoring to
 right*, hot
 that the peril consul in withholding
 those rights from him. But there was
 a time when, with the idea of immediate
 emancipation, nothing WM associated
 but images of the most frightful nature
 of fields uncultivated— property devas
 tated—cities desolated and in rums
 inhabitants murdered, and the emanci
 pated, actuated by a spirit of revenge,
 rnxitmg in the blood of their former
 masters. But this great experiment (if
 to restore man to the condition in which
 his Creator designed he should live, can
 properly be called to experiment,) has
THE NORTH STAR
falsified the predictions of the enemies
 of emancipation.
 Be it lecollected, it was under cir
 cumstances thd most disadvantageous
 to the whites that slaveiy was abolished
 in those islnnds—circumstances that
 rendered it not only possible, but easy,
 for the emancipated to have dug the
 i grave of every white man upon those
 islsnds. So far did the colored popula-
 I tion exceed the white, that, la the lan
 guage of Wendell Phillips, One mo
 ment’s rushing recollection of a cen
 tury’s oppression, would have swept
 every w hite man from the face of those
 islands forever.”
 Startle not at this declaration, but
 listen for a moment to a recital of the
 facts upon which it is baped. Jamaica
 had 339,009 colored t*habitants, to
 i 37,000 w* rites; Barbadees,*B7,ooo col
 -1 ored to 15,000 whites; Antigua, 33,-
 000 colored, to 81,600 white; and in
 one of the islands, only 800 white peo-1
 j pie were to be found in a population of
 j 5,000! It was under circumstances like
 j these, in islands far distant from the
 1 protecting arm of the mother country,
 surrounded on all sides by the waters of
 a blue and boundless ocean, that the
 chains were severed from the limbs of
 800.000 crushed and bleeding victims
 of oppression, amid the wildest predic-|
 lions of ruin, carnage and blood. And
 yet none of those frightful evils—none
 of those awful scenes of blood and
 butchery, which we were told would be
 the inevitable consequences of this
 measure, have occurred; but experi
 ence, even under such circumstances,
 proves the safety and practicability of
 immediate emancipation.
 Again: this event is illustrative of
 that great maxim, so cheering to the
 heart of the reformer, Truth is omnipo
 tent, and must ultimately prevail.— I
 say ultimately prevail, for let us not
 forget, fellow-citizens, that this great
 victory was not achieved in a single
 day. It was the result of years of
 long-continued and arduous labors.
 Mighty, indeed was the great struggle
 that preceded this event. The enemies
 of emancipation contested every inch
 of ground—the subtle foes of liberty
 resorted to every plan which human
 ingenuity could suggest, in order to
 prostrate the designs of the friends of
 freedom. They even had the effront
 ery to carry their cause before the peo
 ple of Britain, and there defended sla
 very with all the fore* 1 of an overpow
 ering eloquence. The m &gt;st frightful
 stories were conjured up of the awful
 consequences that would ensue if tsla-
 Yery were abolished—the most foul
 mouthed slanders were ejaculated a
 gainst the friends of freedom—the vilest
 epithets in the vocabulary of the Eng
 lish language were applied to the un
 daunted friends of liberty; and the
 blackest designs that ever found a lodg
 ment in the human breast,were imputed
 to them.
 But all these were of no avail. The
 inarch of lib *rty was onward. The
 public mind had begun to be enlighten
 ed upon the great and all-absorbing
 question of human liberty. The gath
 ering storm of public opinion finally
 overwhelmed all opposition. In vain
 was every attempt to impede its pro
 gress; they might as well have attempt
 ed to chain old ocean’s waves—to stop
 the resistless torrent of Niagara’s thun
 dering cataract. It rolled over thfcm
 like the huge waves of the broad At
 lantic. It moved on its majestic cause,
 until it had swept slavery from those
 islands forevfer!
 Fellow-citizens, that was a proud day
 for liberty!—it was a proud day for the
 world! It was a glorious day for that
 noble band of noble-hearted philan
 thropists who for years had breasted
 the storms and tempests of an adverse
 public opinion; it was a glorious con
 summation of their long-continued and
 arduous labors. Truth had triumphed
 —the slave was free!
 Fellow-citizens, we are not only here
 to-day to commemorate the dawn of
 liberty in the British West India la
 lands; but also to rejoice over the pro
 gress oi liberty in other lands—if you
 please, over the birth of a new republic.
 Yes, a new republic has sprung into
 existence. France has demolished her
 throne, and reared upon its ruins a new
 republic. Liberty—Equality—Fra
 ternity,” are the words emblazoned
 upon her proud escutcheon. Her acts
 seem to correspond with her profes
 sions. She has struck off the fetters
 that bound the limbs of her colonial
 slaves. She could not consent to es
 tablish a partial liberty. Liberty in
 France could not be confined within
 such narrow limits as to be based upon
 (he color of the skin.
 t What!” cried one of the members
 of her late provisional government—
 Slavery in a Republic!” The idea
 could not be entertained for a moment.
 “Slavery cannot exist on French
 ground.” No, not a slave can clank
 his chains on that *niJ of liberty. What
 friend of impartial liberty does not hail
 with joy the rising sun of such a repub
 lic? France, will receive the
 warmest aympathies of every true friend
 of human liberty. He will extend to
 her the right hand of fellowship; he will
 kneel at the same shrine, and partake
 of the same waters of liberty that spring
 from the deep-gushing fountain of free
 djm!
 Here permit me to remark, the
 1 world’s history furnishes but few, if
 a nr, examples of a revolution of this
 nature having been accomplished,
 against sack fearful odds, and within
 the same time. Apparently, never was
 I tyranny entrenched behind stronger
 bulwarks; its triumph over liberty
 seemed almost complete. The liberty
 of the press, that great safe-guard of a
 nation’s freedom, was trampled in the
 duet, and overshadowed by the bloedr
 [throne of despotism. Guarded on «U
RIGHT IS Of' NO SEX—TRUTH IS OF NO COLOR—GOD Is THE FATHER OF US ALL, AND WE ARE BRETHREN.
side* by batteries, bristling with cannon
 —surrounded by n wall of bayonets,
 with one hundred thousand of the very
 flower of the French army at his com
 mand, the citixen king” imagined be
 had triumphed over the liberties of
 France. But the Genius of Liberty,
 looking out from her dark dungeon,
 sighed for a more extended field of oper
 ation. Frenchmen heard the cry, and
 rose, as one man, in defence of expir
 ing liberty. Tbe iron bands of despot
 ism withered, and snapped asunder like
 the cords that bound the limbs of tbe
 strong man of old.
 True, France baa been engaged in
 other great struggles for politicafrree
 dom. Tbe world knows well tbe result
 of those efforts. Upon former occa
 sions, the sun of her liberties has risen
 with great splendor, butws the wheels
 of her revolution rolled onward, her
 iiky became overcast with clouds, dark
 and lowering. Too frequently true
 and genuine liberty is confounded with
 that which has been properly denomi
 nated wild and savage ferocity. Such,
 unfortunately, was once the case in
 France. Persecution and intolerance
 prevailed—a reign of terror was estab
 lished—her noblest sons were cruelly
 murdered, in the name of liberty, and
 her sun went down in blood. But from
 the dust of those murdered patriots rose
 that great champion of freedom —La-
 martine. Yes, Lamartine!—a name
 not only dear to France, but dear in
 every land where freedom finds a
 friend.
 As far as the great question of hu
 man liberty is concerned, France, to
 day, stands on a proud and command
 ing eminence. The world mu|t look
 with admiration upon the noble stand
 she has taken in behalf of Liberty—
 Equality—Fraternity.” She Mds fair
 now to become all that her former rev
 olutionary patriots desired; an 4 if the
 eyes of such men‘arc ever turned back
 upon their native country, thoseSof her
 former defenders of liberty imjst now
 be looking down from the battljfments
 of heaven with pleasure and (flight,
 upon the proud pinnacle upoijlwhich
 their country this day reposes. Jjlf the
 spirits of great and good men elr re
 visit their native land, those wf her
 former defenders of liberty nitft; now
 be walking abroad among her £ople,
 infusing into them the same dev ion to
 principle, undying hatred of oppres
 sion, and ardent love of liberty, that
 once animated their own generous bo
 som*.
 Fellow-citizens, while we are rejoic
 ing over the triumph of truth and jus
 tice, and the march uf freedom in Atker
 lands,-permit fine for one moment to call
 your attention to our own country, and
 see what progress liberty is making
 here; for can it be that the despotic
 governments of the old world are in
 advance of us? Are they such apt
 scholars that they have learned our
 lessons of republicanism better than we
 know them ourselves?
 Freedom, having forages maintained
 a noble struggle for existence in the
 old world, finally sought a home in the
 Western i emisphere. The American
 people gave her a welcome reception.
 They responded to her call for aid, and
 ran to her relief; and can it be that she
 only came here to find a grave in the
 wilderness?
 The war of the revolution was called
 a fierce struggle in her defence. In
 that contest they started out with the
 broad declaration that “All men are
 created equal; that they are endowed
 by their Creator with certain inaliena
 ble rights; that among these are life,
 liberty, and the pursuit of happiness.”
 The American people were called upon
 to support the principle* contained in
 this declaration, at the very hazard of
 their lives. They obeyed tbe solemn
 call; they were induced to leave their
 homes, to forego the pleasures of peace,
 and sacrified their lives upon the great
 altar of their country, in support of
 these heaven-born principles. Attract
 ed by the sublimity of these truths,
 many brave foreigners, in whose bo
 soms glowed the fires of liberty, crossed
 the blue waters of the broad Atlantic,
 and poured out their blood freely upon
 the American soil, to fertilize a land of
 liberty.
 The struggle of the revolution finally
 terminated in a blaze of glory and the
 brilliant triumph of American arms.—
 Many supposed that the great un
 changing principles upon which it was
 based, were also established upon a
 permanent basis. But how sadly dis
 appointed were they! The seeds of
 oppression had been scattered broad
 cast over this land—from these seeds
 sprang up that great tree of oppres
 sion” whose broad branches are ex
 tended far and wide over our country,
 shading out the bright sunbeams of lib
 erty. Yes, this soil, once watered with
 tbe life-blood of the martyrs of free
 dom, is now saturated with the tears
 and stained with tbe blood of the slave!
 And yet this is called a free republic;
 and Americans call themselves republi
 cans Oh, is not this inconsistency
 the most irreconcilable—guilt the most
 abandoned —hypocrisy the most un
 blushing! But, 1 repeat, American*
 call themselves republicans, and firm
 believers in the great principles con
 tained in their Declaration of Inde
 pendence, they profess to love liberty,
 and glory in the rights of man. From
 eAriiest infancy, they have been rocked
 in the cradle of liberty, and trained in
 the great school of republican freedom!
 Almost the first sounds that awaken
 emotions in their bosoms, and! create
 gladness in their hearts, are the; spirit
 stirring snogs of liberty, and tkn lead
 cry a freedom end equal right* Not
 withstanding all these things, they dm
 fight te deaf in oppressing. Trampling
 in the dust the great principles ouoiam
 ed in their Declaration of ladeyaod
 r mi:..
ROCHESTER, N. Y., FRIDAY, AUGUST 21 f 1848,
eaee, they countenance and sustain one
 of the most grinding and crushing sys
 tems of oppression that ever stained
 the dark annals of crime, or shocked
 tbe high majesty of heaven. After the
 remarks made by my eloquent friend in
 regard to the guilty and oppressive acts
 of this nation, 1 shall not dwell long
 upon this subject. I will not open the
 black and bloody pages of my country’s
 history, and look over that dark cata
 logue of crime, oppression, outrage and
 wrong, of which she has been guilty,
 from the earliest stages of her existeuce
 down to tbe present moment. Let it suf
 fice to say, that to so great an extent
 does slavery exist In this country—no
 far does it extend, that in all this land
 -—this broad load—this wide extent of
 country, washed on one side bv the
 waters of the broad Atlantic, on the
 other by the waves of the Pacific—
 there is not one spot upon which a col
 ored man can rest his feet, and declare
 that he is free. Even the nominally
 free man of color is liable at any mo
 ment, when away from home and among
 strangers, to be seized by the tyrant’s
 cold, withering grasp, and hurried off
 to the land of slavery and of blood, to
 drag out a miserable existence in a
 state of unrequited toil. If a panting
 fugitive, through the guidance of the
 North star —that star of hope to the
 flying bonrlman—that star which, like
 the pillar of fire that guided the chil
 dren of Israel through the wilderness
 to the promised land—leads him safely
 from republican slavery ts a land wheie
 he can sit down and enjoy liberty be
 neath the grateful shadow of a mon
 arch’s throne—that star which slave
 holders would gladly see plucked from
 heaven’s bright constellation—if, thro’
 the guidance of that star, he succeeds in
 making his escape to what we some
 times call the free hills of the North,
 there is not one spot on free Columbia’s
 soil where he can repose his weary
 limbs in safety. No matter whether he
 be one of the last-born patriots of ’76,
 or one of the sacred veterans of 181*2,
 he finds no protection upon American
 soil, through the operation of American
 law. He may go to every battle
 ground of the revolution —to every
 haunted spot where freedom weeps over
 the f ull of her noblest sons—he may go
 to New England—proud and glorious
 New England—a land consecrated by
 the graves of the pilgrim fathers, and
 watered by the first blood that was shed
 in the great struggle of the revolution
 —he may stop at the greenr of Lexing
 ton—he may* go to Faneuil Hall, that
 old cradle of liberty, that once rocked
 wj4h the loud about*, of freedom' aad,
 equfH rights, where once was heard the
 Voice of Adams and Hancock, and
 their compatriots of revolutionary times
 —that sacred spot from within whose
 walls was borne away the mangled form
 of that brave black man, Benjamin At
 tucks, from whose veins flowed the first
 drop of blood that mingled with Ameri
 can soil, in defence of American liber
 ty—even there he finds no protection.
 He may go to Bunker Hill; as he gazes
 upon that lofty monument, a smile
 comes over his countenance, and he
 thinks beneath its proud shadow he will
 find that protection for which he has so
 long searched in vain. But even here
 he is doomed to be disappointed. The
 tyrant’s stern voice demands him to be
 given up. In vain tloes that proud
 monument of liberty give a groan—in
 vain do the shades of the revolutionary
 heroes, whose blood watered the soil
 upon which it stands, mingle their
 voices with every shriek that comes
 forth from that weeping monument, in
 opposition to this mandate—-even then
 he finds no protect* &gt;l3.
 Where, then, must he go? Ab!
 whither shall this heart-broken fugitive
 fly for refuge? As a last resort, he
 escapes to tbe capital of his country—
 the capital of the freest nation on the
 face of tbe entire globe. There he
 beholds the broad folds of his country’s
 banner waring in triumph; our proud
 eagle perching high above it, his golden
 wings dazzling in the sunbeams as he
 soars aloft, and screams of liberty Un
 til our broad, deep forests ring with his
 piercing cry. But does he there behold
 the graceful form of the fair Goddess of
 American Liberty, with her thousand
 varied charms, beramUing countenance,
 with outstretched arm*, welcoming him
 to her embrace? No! but, on Lie con
 trary, he there sees enthroned the iron
 jawed, grim-viiaged, and bloody demoo
 of American slavery, with his loaf
 black robes dripping with the blood
 which ages of grinding and crushing
 despotism have wrung from tbe veins
 of his bleeding victims. This is Ame
 rican liberty! This is the equality that
 exists in this land! Oh, this model re
 public this boasted land of freedom,
 upon which the heroes of tbe revolution
 are ever looking down from heaves to
 bless!
 But notwithstanding all these things,
 loud demonstrations are made in tbis
 country in favor of freedom. The
 American people exhaust the great
 fountain of national sympathy for tbe
 oppressed of other lands, but are care
 ful t. keep nooe in reserve for the
 downtrodden and oppressed of their
 own country. They boost, long and
 loud, of “virtuous liberty;” and we
 are told, “whenever a human being
 pines ia chaios, these Americans drop
 their teara.”
 If the oppressed of ether lends en
 gage in a noble straggle for liberty, (if
 they be white,) they receive the warm
 est sympathies of the American people.
 When Greece was straggling for lib
 erty. not only did almost every palnit in
 oar land resound with eloquent plead
 ings to her behalf, hat the whole coun
 try was iiled with innMmr tones of
 sympathy fee the
 thsir aside straggle
When the South American States
 endeavored to throw off the yoke of
 Spanish oppression, and from their en
 crimsoned fields root the cry for sym
 pathy and aid, again one spontaneous
 burst of sympathy gushed forth from
 our great national fountain.
 When Poland attempted to atrike ofl
 the fetters of tyranny, and the best
 blood of her children mingled with bei
 freen soil—when her patriotic aons
 issed the statues of their heroes and
 swore upon the green graves of their
 venerated sires—Poland shall be free!
 and when at last, through treachery,
 •he sgaio sank beneath the cold iron
 grasp of her despotic masters— -mark
 again, how the tear of sympathy flowed
 from every American aye.
 When we received intelligence of the
 late revolution in France, what great
 rejoicing there was in this country,
 Resolutions expressing the earnest
 sympathies for France, were adopted in
 almost every part of the land. Con
 gress joined the nation in this generous
 expression of sympathy and some ot
 those men who, but a short time since,
 were down upon their Southern planta
 tions, flourishing their whips over the
 shrinking form of the bleeding slave,
 were the most eloquent upon that occa
 sion. Well, some of those men who go
 along with their heads bowed down to
 the earth, whose tears have bedewed,
 and whose sighs have embalmed the
 soil of our national Capitol, having per
 haps, heard some of those eloquent
 speeches upon liberty—thought they
 would revolutionize themselves—that
 they would change their form of gov
 ernment—that they would no longer
 submit to that odious one-man power,
 but that they would stand up with the
 dignity of men. Accordingly one night
 dark and dreary to them, they went on
 board of a sloop lying in the river, and
 started for a land of liberty! But their
 “guardian angel slept.” They were
 pursued and brought back by those
 men, who have so much sympathy for
 France. Aud to-day, fellow-citizens,
 9orne of those unfortunate victims of
 oppression, are dragging out a misera
 ble existence among the cotton
 fields and rice-swamps of the far South,
 those dark and dismal abodes that have
 been the grave of so many of our crush
 ed and bleeding countrymen, there
 they are left to linger and die a most
 cruet death, while their sighs for free
 dom are borne back over the floating
 waters of the Mississippi, upon every
 breeze that comes from that slavery
 accursed region. But this scene does
 not end here; these men, who but a
 short time si :rce, Ji ad ao*&gt; loach sympa
 thy for France, were roused te the very
 highest pitch of fury and madness, be
 cause these persons endeavored to ob
 tain their liberty. Members of Con
 gress were threatened with assassina
 tion—a mob was raised in the Capitol
 of our country to put down the freedom
 of the press; and, when a noble-mind
 ed Senator, who having partaken freely
 of those waters of liberty that spring up
 among the Granite-hills of New Hamp
 shire, could consent no longer to be a
 slave; when that man presented a bill
 in the Senate of the United States, for
 the protection of property in the Dis
 trict of Columbia, against the violence
 of mobs, he was very politely told, if
 he would only come into a neighboring
 State in this Republic, his form would
 soon grace the tallest tree in the forest.”
 Great God! and has it come to this?—
 Are now our liberties so far gone, that
 our Representatives dare not stand up
 upon the floor of tbe American Con
 gress, and speak out one sentiment in
 favor of liberty, without being threaten
 ed with a felon’s death? Oh, liberty!
 is thi9 all that is left thee here?
 Fellow-citizens, freedom exists only
 in name, in this country; its sacred re
 ality U gone. Plough up those hallow
 ed mounds, beneath which lie buried
 the remains of those sainted martyrs of
 the revolution, who perilled their all in
 defence of freedom! Demolish those
 proud monuments reared in the name
 of liberty. That immortal banner of
 freedont, that once animated the heart
 and nerved up the arm of the patriot—
 upon whose broad folds were inserted
 the eternal truths contained ia our de
 claration of independence; that banner
 which was first unfurled to tbe breeze,
 Upon the green of Lexington—that
 waived in triumphed over the field of
 Saratoga, and was encircled in a bright
 hafo of glory upon the plains of York
 town—is now trampled beneath the foot
 of the despot—and in its stead, upon
 the dark ronparta of oppression, floats
 in triumph the flag of despotism; upon
 whose black sod bloody folds, are in
 scribed—down with liberty Slavery
 for ever
 American liberty, to-day lies be
 fore us a braised aad mangled corpse,
 and before me, seem to rise up tbe hate
 ful forms of her bloody assassins.”
 Tbe poet, has truly said, happy is it
 for mankind, that
 God h*a wiaety kid tram bn «ifb,
 TtednkdMWMrbnfoc"
 For could the fathers of tbe revolution
 hive foreseen an event like this, the
 great American arm would have been
 paralyzed! Their spirits would have
 sunken, and hope died within their bo
 loms, without even a faint struggle on
 their part to be free. They would never
 have toiled so ardoosly—bleed so free
 ly and died so willingly, in order to
 transmit to posterity, the inestimable
 blessings of liberty—-had they known or
 even dreamed, that before a century
 had rotted away—while their oocoflm
 ed hones were yet bleaching upon die
 American noil before ail the great
 heroes of *76, bad departed from among
 m—before the sound of the great con
 flict had died open the Amend* ear,
 mid while dm triumphant shoots of
 victory mill broke the slumbers of ear
 forests and lingered amoag the distant
bills of our country, the traitorous arms
 of their degenerate sons, would be rear
 ed up to crush that liberty, which (bey
 endeavored to establish upon a perma
 nent basis.
 Fellow-citizens, if it be not literacy
 true, that liberty to-day lies before us
 a mangled corpse, I ash if it be not true,
 that if there be a spark of life lingering
 in her bosrm—if there be a drop of
 Kfe’a-blood flowing in thiggreins of Ame
 rican liberty, sheis a tendering fugi
 tive in this country Has she not been
 driven from her last entrenchments
 within our borders? There is not a
 spot in all this land, upon which the
 genro of American liberty can stand
 it as her own. She may go
 and rest upon the grave of the immor
 tal Washington, but soon your read
 eagle, with long beak and sharp talous
 comes screaming after her She may
 go and stand on old Plymntn’s rock—
 that sacred spot where she first landed
 upon these shores, under the fostering
 care of the Pilgrim fathers, but soon
 your bloody clawed vultures of oppres
 sion follow in pursuit. Where, then,
 must she go? She must retrace her
 steps—she must go back over the waves
 and find a home among the sunny hills of
 Italy, or among the liilies of France!
 At the conclusion of my remarks, in
 reference to France, I spoke of the
 happy feelings that would animate the
 bosoms of her patriots, could they come
 hack and behold the present position of
 their country upon the great question
 of human liberty. Think you, fellow
 citizens, that your fathers would be ani
 mated by similar emotions, could they
 come back among you and behold the
 present position of their country upon
 this question? No! If the shades of
 your great-hearted ancestry, could
 come back once more to their native
 land, they would not contaminate their
 sacred robes, by suffering them even
 to touch the soil now stained with the
 blood of the slave. They might con
 sent for one moment, to* hover over
 their country and drop a tear over her
 fallen liberties and then bidding her a
 long farewell, wing their way back to
 their eternal homes.
 Fenow-citizens, what a spectacle is
 this for an American eye to behold—
 what a theme for an American mind to
 contemplate before a century has
 rolled away, all the great bulwarks of
 liberty have been battered down, and
 that sacred inheritance, bequeathed to
 us by the fathers of the revolution, has
 been equally wrested from our grasp.
 Talk no more of American freedom, but
 cover with sack-cloth and ashes, the
 pi,ace whe re W arren fell—■plant a wcep
 'tng* wiflow by thn grave o£ the immor
 tal Washington cover its branches
 with crape, then call back your soaring
 eagle—let him repose upon the branch
 es of that drooping willow—darken his
 plumage—cover his golden wings with
 the pall of mourning—muzzle his beak
 —let him not scream, oh, no, for he
 will not scream of liberty, but proclaim
 a deep and solemn requiem over the
 grave of American freedom.
 THE DECLINE OF THE SLAVE
 POWER.
 The following article, handed to u 9
 by Freeman Hunt, the editor of Hunt’s
 Merchants’ Magazine, will be read!
 with interest. Its statistics seem to be
 accurately stated, and the inferences
 drawn from them by the writer perfect
 ly legitimate. After the census of
 1850, the number of Representatives
 from the slave States, will be greatly
 diminished. But the tactics of those in
 the slave interest will be displayed in
 manufacturing slave States. No matter
 how much more the free States increase I
 in population than the slave States, the
 power of the slave interest will be per
 petuated by the Senate, so long as slave
 States are added as fast as free States
 are. A few years will throw Delaware,
 Maryland, Kentucky, and probably!
 Virginia, among tbe free States: but the
 Strong probability is that we may in a
 few years have to add the entire ofMex- 1
 ico; and should the Missouri compro
 mise be added, and slavery be estab
 lished throughout the whole of Mexico
 there will then be a complete and per-j
 manent triumph of tbe slave power. But
 this will never be, if the people of the
 free States prove true to themselves,to
 Liberty, in the crisis now at hand. Let
 us take a bold and determined stand,
 and adhere to it, and the boundaries of!
 slavery will never strech beyond their
 present limits.— [A*. Y Globe
 Ia respect to the population of the
 United States, as distiguisbed by the
 existence of slavery, and by it prohi
 bition. The whole population of the
 United States in 1790 was 3,929,897,0 f
 whom 1,971,372 belonged to the slave
 states and territories, and 1,909,525 to
 the free, or only 7,!53|f00re in the free
 than in the slave division. This trifling
 excess of only 7,153 in 1790 in 50 years
 had increased to 2,403,592 in I*4o. and
 1 calculate that at this time (1848) it
 amounts to 3,500,000 and in 1850 will
 amount to 4.000,039, The natural in
 crease in the free state*; and besides,
 four-fifths of the immigrants from for
 eign countries, go into the free stages.
 The white population of the Untied
 States in 1790 was 3,172,531, of whom
 1,371,483 belonged to the slave di
 vision, and 1,901,016 to the free. The
 «*cess of 029,558 ia 1790 in tbe free
 division, had increased in 50 yearn to
 4,939,526 in 1843, when there were
 only 4.032,640 white persona in the
 slave division—which is nearly 300,-
 900 less than this excess. The excess
 •f white persons in tbe free Mates over
 the number in the *lsve Mates w st ibis
 time nearly 6,039.090. The difference
 of population in the two divisions will,
 wo believe, continue to ioereoso Here
 after, even notwkheUodißg any efforts
 which may ha mods to saetata the
 •InvoheWiag portion of the V
John dick, mmata
WHOLE NO.—W.
I will no# apeak of tin representation
 m Congress from the two divisions oft be
 states:—From 1793 to 1309 the whole
 number of representati*ee in Congress
 *as 105, of whom 57 or 64.2 k per cent,
 were from the free states, and 45 0r45-
 71 per cent, were from the slave slates.
 From 1543 to 186$. exclusive of new
 states since admitted and represented,
 the number i«223, of whom 135 or 60-
 54 per cent, are from the free states,
 and 88 or 30/40 per cent, art from the
 slave states. During this period the
 gain of the free states has been 6 I*4
 per cent, of the whole representation,
 tnd the loss of tbs slave states the
 same; and the? together constitute a
 difference of l 2 1-9 per cent, ia the
 representation of the two divisions of
 the states. The number of represent
 atives from (he free states is now about
 three-fifths of the Whole; and it is obvi
 ous that the propertion will be constant
 ly increasing at each decennial epoch,
 for the natural increase of tile federal or
 representative population in the free
 states, is greater than in the slave
 states, and at least four-fifths of the
 immigrants from foreign countries, all
 white persons, (and now their number
 amounts to between three and four
 hundred thousand annually,) go into
 the free states to swell their population.
 There has been almost a constant
 decrease of the proportion of the rep
 resentatives in congress from the slave
 states in each decennial period from
 1793 to 1853. And; even to sustain
 this decreasing proportion, it has so
 happened that there have been nearly
 3,000, more voters and nearly 19,000
 more free persons on an average, in
 each representative or Congressional
 district in the free states than in the
 slave states, for each term during the
 60 year* from 1793 to 1853.
 And further, the numder of toters in
 the United States in 1844, was about
 3,000,000 —It now is nearly three and
 a half millions. fy has been estimated
 that the number of slaveholders is
 about 300,000, or not more than a tenth
 part of that of the voters. Some think
 that of these slaveholders, only about
 100,000 are voters—l will suppose the
 number to be about 200,000, or one to
 15 or 20 voters. It would seem that
 the number of those who have an inter
 est in this slave property, cannot be
 more than four times that of the slave
 holders, and six times that of the slave
 holding voters, or 1,200,000. This
 number is only ode-seventeenth part
 of the whole the United
 States, or fourteenth part of the white
 population. The white popohdiofi o(
 the slave states, at this tjsgfv in probe-
 my k litffe more Unit ffJuffi.lMM); so
 that we may suppose that only about
 one-quarter of this population have a’
 pecuniary interest in slavery. The
 whole population of the slate states is
 now probably less than 9,000,000—50
 that those interested in slavery are only
 about one-eighth of the whole population
 of these states.
 It may be here stated, that in the
 choice of Presidential electors in 1836,
 1840, andlS44, the number of votes
 cast in the slave states, including the
 probable number in South Carolina,
 where the choice was made by the
 Legislature, was only about 30 per
 cent..of the whole number, while in the
 free states it was about 70 per cent.
 The number of white persons in the
 two divisions of the states, was in 1840,
 32 53 per cent., and 67.46 per cent,
 respectively—the right Of suffrage
 being more extended among the whites
 in the free than in the slave states.
 Let the above fact# be duly Consid
 ered, and thobgh the time of emanci
 pation may be delayed, the event can
 hardly be postponed many years before
 the constitutional potter of the General
 Government will be exercised by those
 who will seek to limit, and Will limit
 slavery where it Is, and will check its
 farther extension. —Jeete Ckickering.
 Ah Old Settler. —Mr. Elina Bas
 sett, of Hampden, exhibited to us
 yesterday an old land turtle, of the
 terrapin order, —who shuts himself up
 in his own dignity, and expands at his
 own discretion,-—which he found upon
 his farm nearly forty years ago, and
 marked him for his own.” He bore
 the initials on his under shell E, B.”
 with the date of 1809,” which are
 very plain and distinct. He does not
 seem to have varied in size since the
 inscription, and hence it may he in
 ferred that he was of age at bis baptism.
 How old he is now can only be conjec
 tured, but be has as bright an eye now
 as an infant child, as sound a covering
 as an iron roof, and an apparent pro
 mise of ss long a life as Methuselah's.
 Mr Bassett has given him free ten
 antry, with in atractions to his descen
 dants never to disturb him. We only
 wish the old creature could talk, that be
 might tell to posterity who his friend#
 are. Yew Haven Palladium.
 Something in Looks.— r% man's look
 is the work of years. It is stamped on
 l bis countenance by the events of hi#
 whole life—nay more, the hand of na
 ture, and it is not to begot rid of easily.
 There is, as it has beea remarked re
 peatedly, something in a psrsoa’s
 appearance at first sight which we do
 not like, sod which gives us sa odd
 1 twinge but which is overlooked in a
 multitude of other circumstances till
 the mask is I shea off, and we sea this
 lurking character verified in the plain
 est manner m tbs sequel We are struck
 st first, ky chance, With what in
 peculiar and characteristic. Also with
 permanent traits and general effectv
 These afterwards go off in a scfof ua
 meaning, common piano fetaila. Thin
 sort of prune facm evidence, then,
 shown what a man in, hotter than what
 he says or docs—for it shows at fe
 bab* of his mmd which is the seam
 under ill circumstances and disguises.
