Net if co.

nxml Meeting.
 The 6ih Ai.niral Meeting «f the Wests*!
 Anti-Suvshv SoettTV trill bo held at, £&gt;a
 Era, Columbnna Co., on WeJnesdiy, Thura
 .far. and Friday, the l«th. 17th, and 18th o
 August. commencing at 10 o‘c!*&gt;ck, A. M.
 I/-1 a fail representation of the slaves
 f: sends ecKne up on u»;s occasion from a!
 part* ofrthe Givat West. The politicsvlead
 i are marshalling their hp*ts for a conflict
 .."ir foMewers are rallying by hundreds
 houaanos to ttin support of their partv har
 d*. TioKi, ami iwuney, ami labor sue. ei
 idol to secure their object. And shall th
 .ends oFfreedom, a b &gt;wj faith should h
 in tii potter of Truth, be lukcvrart
 .1 i(idi^Tsn i4 while politicians are so cai
 t In their laV»rs, so untiring in their zeal
 -t ''t events of t!»&gt;- pas; year should cneourag
 to renewed cflorn, for ev«rv movement
 •woort.mee which fas bant made, having an
 may upon Uk: qur-bt.on of slavery, ton
 -vtaJowa the destruction of the svsteia, ar.
 i oppressors 1 id that a i».»o. The politic,
 riles will mike a desperate effort to sa\
 nSelves from t:i3 destruction their corruj
 i has .brought upon them; and the eftbr
 the aHofitivni*&gt;t9 to rmantsin 'i*ul enforc
 Right should l&gt;e proportionable great.-
 m. merits should be n.ade at th i comin
 ting to conlinun the auli-slivery agitaiai
 lie- the iiwitg sp. :i!i4&gt;r, and to cj
 1 more widely tbc circulation of ihu S&lt;
 *s paper—th Anti-Slavery Bugle*
 a of jUie friends who can be there, abset
 for any light eausc, for the prr
 :cof ail, and the cotiosej of all i.a desir;
 ij
 i&gt;K&gt;jde? the friends of Liberty in the Wei
 v. will hi pres nt ou the occasion, llknh
 Wkioht and has. Bi rlkioh are i s
 '.l to ha in •Uend i.icc, and paliaps othi
 i nt.itius of the Fast.
 LOT HOLMES, Rer .She.
 Till; CALL.
 the great national conven
 AN OF COLORED FREEMEN of th
 r S; itr‘s, will he he’d in Flkvklasr
 k conimeneing on Wednesday, the sixt
 »v "f September next.
 Lathe Colored Freemen all rally to tli:
 ..i ‘ftant gathering. This is a i risks, an
 thing we must and wiki* do
 hope to see the East, North, Soul
 i i st, come nj&gt; iri one mighty, unbroke
 j'b cix, to do battle for Cod and humanity I
 med, by request of Illinois, Indiana
 i 'jaa, and Ohio, (the Western parts o
 v York and IVimsvlvania being ready.)
 M. R. DELANY.
 II .Milton, Ohio, June 0, Id 18.
 Mystery, and all friendly papers, pleasi
 FI at form of the Ifuffulo Convention.
 hereas. W e bate assembled in Conven
 &gt;a union of Freemen, for die sake ol
 F .Join, forgetting all past political dif
 (.•us in a eoiimioa resolve to maintain the
 _.i iof Free Labor against the aggressions
 t!. Slave Pouei, and to secure Five Soil
 t -r -t Free People
 I whereas, The political Convention?
 i.ily assembled at Baltimore and Phila
 i t .na, the one stilling the voice of a great
 nuency entitled to be heard in its delib
 ous, and the other abandoning its
 ctive principles fur more availability,
 dissolved the National party organisations
 More existing hy nominating for the
 o f -Magistracy of the Foiled States,
 u. i r slave-holding dictation, candidates
 is-i* cr of whom can be supported by the
 opponent* -of slavery extension without a
 ihcc of consistency, duty, and self respect:
 id whereas, These nominations so made
 •r.;~h the occasion and demonstrate the
 ;sshy of the Miiiup of the people undei
 banner oMrrce' ltaniocniev, in a solemr
 u formal declaration of their independence
 ’lie ISlavfc Power, and of their fixed de
 .iimatioa to rescue the Federal Government
 i 11. it? control;
 I -solved, then-fore, Tlrnt we, the people
 f. ass -mblcd, remembering the example ol
 Fathers in t!ic days of t!ie first Deelara
 ••u of Tndepc’iidence, putting our trust i;i God
 i :!ie tiiumph i/f our cause, and invoking
 ..s guidance in our endeavors to advance it,
 1 i now plant ourselves upon the National
 i I tiforiu of Freedom in opposition to the
 cliontl Platfoim of Slavery.
 Resolved, 'l'hat Slavery in the several
 v cites of this Union which recognize its ex
 ’."lie depends State laws alone, whicl
 vnnot be repealed or modified by the Federal
 ivernnient, ai.d for which laws that Govern
 •mu is not resjionsible. We therefore
 i iouose no interference hy Congitas witii
 ivery within the limits of any State.
 Resolved, Tiiat the Proviso of Jefferson, tc
 g-diibit the existence of slavery, after 1800,
 •i all the territories of the United States,
 outhern and Northern; the votes ol’ six
 and sixteen delegates, in the Congress
 •f ITal, for the pi aviso, to three states and
 veu delegates against it the actual exclu
 on of slavery, lroin the Northwestern territo
 by the ordinance of 1787, unannoousl}
 adopted by the States in Congress and the
 entire history of that period, elcarlv show
 t tat it was the s -ltled policy of the Nation
 n it to extend, nationalize or encourage, bui
 t limit, localize and discourage, slaveiy am
 ‘i in..s policy, whrn should never have bea
 departed from, th. government ought to re
 turn.
 Resolved, That our Fathers ordained th&lt;
 butislitutioa of l.ie United States, in order
 among other great national objects, to e&amp;ta
 dish justice, promote the general welf.re
 r»d s-cup* the blessings of Liberty; bj
 expressly denied to the Federal Govern merit
 which tin y created, a'l constitutional power u
 d-onvc any person ot life, liberty, cr property
 v/.'Uio ;t doe legal proct-i&gt;s.
 Resolved, That in ihe judgment of this
 Convention, Congress has no more power tc
 mke a slave than to make a king no rnort
 power to institut' 1 or establish slavery than t&lt;
 institute or estabh.-h a monarchy no sucf
 i&gt;ower can be foiird among those spec ficalh
 onierred bv the constitution or derivect bi
 just implication tr.uu the n.
 Resolved, J Oat it tiie duty of liie federal
 govermnent to re!i -vc. its If lrtra ail rc-s; outi
 i-Jity tor the cx.rt'-nce or coutinuance o;
 iav *rv wherever that govern n nt i &lt;-ss_*ss -s
 constitutional autlifrit: to leg.slate m tha 1
 -mVact, aril is t.ius resj&gt;on£rjle ior its tx:si
 ence.
 itosolvH, That the true, anj in the mdg
 uient of this Convention, tbc only safe ineaoi
 •if j-r&lt; venting the exno.bioii ol rlavery ini*
 t -rritory i.ew fee, k to proh.h.t us a tc: c.
 ui all M-cli V.rr:t( ny l y an net ol Cot.giebS.
 Revolted, That he acct pt the lt*at whte!
 the fclave power lori*ed upon t.;, and t,
 topir demand for more slave tt dcs and nmr
 l ave Urriitories, &lt;mr calm hut fir.nl answer is
 lonian slave states at d i.o more &gt;hm ter
 r.ir L;l the soil of our exu-ntivc d ina n
 c over kept free, fur the hardy j vneers y
 ur own land, aia the oppressed u:d bam&amp;fiei
 f oiiier lands, seckuig homcfc of conillrt am
 Kclds of iMhlks *ln the new world.
 Re?,,hud.Thar tflq bill lately reported h;
 ibe 'irr.mittee of Eight in the Senate of th
 tilted hjLatos, was no eomprwsise, but at
 aso cvaturrendi-r of the lights ol the r.on
 amledhcr* of all the .vutc* and while w«
 y o to know tuat, a inuasore whu'h, whlh
 pr.tiug the doer for the introducMoti of slaverj
 i:rto terrtorirs row free, would also have
 i perted the door to iit!gat;on and &amp;trife arnonf
 the future iatiabwants thereof to the ruin o:
 f Mir peacerand Vf was defeated ir
 me linos- of Ilepres* ntautre*. its pat-iage, it
 l 4-ftaste, by a m*jor.ty, embrsctitg several
 uators, who voted m open vinlaimn of the
 V mwn will of their con&amp;tiUiunu, ahwaid wan,
 ne People to se. to it, that their repretenta
 vi he cot #tiff«red to betray them—There
 ...at be to more eompronruaes with Slavery
 iD'i dt vr'l repealed
I&lt;*%rtv»?d. T| &gt;t sHmad Freedom arv
 extablidievl tn*! tutiona fut our brethren u
 Orejrjd, now e»|«*sed to peril an.
 by the reckl*a hosnirry of th
 SUve jvowef |n the establishment' of Fre
 Gorettuneat W Free TarrHor.es, sod not onl
 for them, hut for our new brethren in Cali
 forma and New Mexico.
 And W hereas, it u due, not only to thi
 eco-iwnn, but to the who!# people of lb
 l mted States, that we should also declar
 ourselves on certain other questions of Na
 tional policy, therefore.
 Resolved, That we demand cheap poetag
 for the people a retrenchment of the ex
 penses and patronage of the Federal Govern
 •t^nt; the sboimnv of si) annecesnry office
 andsalar.es; and the election hv the pe*ip|
 of all civil ofteeis in the wiviee of the Gov
 crurncui, so Ur as the same mav be practica
 ble.
 Resolved, That River and ITarbor Improve
 merits, when d manded by tbc Safety an
 convenience of commerce »uh foreign nation
 or among the several States, arc objects o
 nat..inal cof.ceni. and that it is the dutv e
 Congress, in exercise of its constuutrona
 jiowt-rs. to provide therefor.
 Resolved, That the free grant to actua
 ret tiers, in of the expenses the;
 incur in making seftlcmoijiM in the w ilderness
 which ar usually fully liqual to their actua
 e*»M. and of the public benefits resultinj
 thereform, of reasonable portions of tin
 public lands under suitable limitations, is i
 wise and just measure ot public policy, whicl
 will piomotc, in various ways, the interest
 of all the States of this Union and wi
 therefore recommend it to the favorabli
 consideration of the Atfierkran People.
 Resolved, 'l'hat oldigatioes of honft
 and patnoimm require the earliest practicabli
 payment of the national debt, and we an
 therefore in favor of such a tanf of duties a:
 will raise revenue adequate to defiay tin
 necessity expenses of the Federal Govern
 inent and to pay annual instalments of ou
 debt and the interest then on.
 Resolved, 'That we inscribe on onr banner
 Free .Soil, Free Speech, Free Labor, am
 Free Men,” and undt*r it will fight on and
 fight ever, until a triumphant victory shal
 reward our txertiuus.
THE NORTH STAR.
1 ROCHESTER, AUGUST 18, 1848.
 i _
 Free Soil Movement—Buffalo Con
 vention.
 This grand movement, so long desired and
 so long maturing, has at last assumed a defi
 nite and tangible form, and is now fairly
 launched forth upon the storm tossed sea of
 American polities. Barnburners, Conscience
 and Independent Whigs, Land Reformers and
 Liberty men, met, deliberated, frater
 nized, and now stand before the world as one
 body, with one heart, one creed, and one
 leader. Thesff men, holding, as they did,
 widely variant and conflicting opinions, in
 meeting together as they have now done, and
 solemnly resolving to lorget old differences—
 to “let by-gones be by-gone,” andk,firmly
 uniting in a common platform, new, broad and
 strong.upon which all may stand and confront
 the slave power and slavery extension, have
 astonished themselves, as well as mortified
 and disappointed their enemies. Our own
 observation justifies us in saying, that every
 member of the Convention gained more for
 his cause and greater concessions to his opin
 ions than he had ventured to hope or imagine
 on leaving home for that Convention. For
 our part, we ha'd vprn little expectation that
 the Convention could b£ harmonized and
 brought to act together. There were three
 distinct elements of discord—Democrats and
 Whigs, Liberty Party men and Land Re
 formers—all having the strongest preferences
 for candidates, and each wishing to shape the
 Convention and platform, according in his own
 mould—to harmonize and unite such persons,
 required no little skill. The members of the
 Convention, however, were evidently tho
 roughly imbued with the spirit of freedom,
 and in one noble desire to accomplish some
 thing immediately for this cause—to rebuke
 the slave power, and break up the old, cor
 rupt and slaveholdmg parties of the land, they
 were led willingly to merge old differences in
 a common resolve to meet the present crisis.
 Whatever may be said as to the best mode
 of meeting this crisis, all anti-slavery men
 must agree that the question of extending
 slavery is one in which they, as friends of
 freedom, are deeply interested. There was a
 time when some abolitionists professed to
 believe that the extension of slavery could in
 no wise injure the cause of freedom, or
 strengthen the arm of slavery. The doc
 trine, however, that no more slaves can be
 added to the number already existing, by their
 diffusion over vast and fertile territories, is
 now of no weight or in place. The fact that
 the demand for such extensions comes from
 tiie slave holders —that they insist upon it as
 being their only means of escape from the
 advancing steps of human freedom, and the
 scorching rays of anti-slavery opinion, (with
 out a knowledge, of w hat everybody, must by
 this time very well know,that the introduction
 of slave labor is necessarily the expulsion of
 free labor from the territories.) ought to sat
 isfy all men that that demand should be firmly
 resisted.
 This issue is now upon us, and fairly
 before us. Slavery has rallied- its frteuds,
 and is proudly marshaling its forces under
 the leadership of Cass and Taylor. The one
 is a cringing sycophant—a deserter from, and
 traitor to, the very cause which he is now
 aiming to destroy; the other, s swearing,
 swaggering manstealer and raanslaver, whose
 only claims to the Presidency are based upoa
 his heflLh criorraitisjs in Mexico.
 Around these infamous leaders, the corrupt
 and plundering, the reckless and profligate,of
 the old political parties have gathered. A
 pro-slavery and tin-sustaining church and min
 istry Itave also rallied, in the p -rsons of their
 most prominent members and miuisters, to
 uphold the foul and w nhering curse of sla
 ry. and to discourage the friends of human
 lu- dom and progress. To sustain tbiscryiog
 sin—to prolong the I'oslavcp.ient of cur loug
 ■ibut d and plundered fellow-countrymen,
 these wolves in sbet p‘s clothing are doing
 their tmust to dupe and hoodwink the simple
 .nto the support of these two snns of thtdevtl,
 under tl.e idea that they will thereby promote
 the cause of righteousness. General Taylor
 I* represented, on the one hind, as being a
 humane and b -nevoleat roxn, and tln.rougly
 in favor of the Wiltnot Proviso; while Gea.
 Csss, being a Northern man, u is said that be
 will tespect Northern rights, and though he
 may not be aiJ that ut wxut, or could wish,
 he u but x slaveholder, and therefore to be
 ptferred to General Taj lor, who is a slave
 holder. It is also said, that one ot the other
 of &lt;h»se* esndiditee nvait be tbt Piesideni o*
the Failed State*,-and that good total are
 Itauod to ebeutaj imt beet ooe of tbe two—all
 tens of argtahent* asd appeals aJJma—d to
 patriotism aid Hfinhtarn are resorted tows
 means of aectmeg one or the other of these
 guilty men to rule over this country, end to
 extend the curse of human bondage to soil
 now free, and to impart new strength and
 vigor to tbe whole system of American bond
 age—tbe worst system of bondage (by tbe
 confessions and delmrattoos of slaveholders
 themselves.) that ever saw the son.
 It is in this state of facta that the Free
 Soil party** has come into being, and boldly
 arrayed itself against the policy of these old
 slavebolding parties. The intelligence, moral
 worth, and philanthropy, and naineheal
 strength, and high ground assumed by this
 new but powerful party, makes it our doty to
 inquire what course those who stand forth ss
 r the friends of the slave ought to pursue to
 rn ards that party. Are they to give it their
 influence and encouragement, or ought they
 to oppose it Ought they to encourage it for
 the progress it has already made, or condemn
 jit for not having made more What is our
 duty in the premises? is the question. Tbe
 free soil movement has virtually adopted the
 leading doctrines and purposes set forth by
 the American Anti-Slavery Society at its
 formation, as the duty of the government.—
 They declare that Congress has no mote
 power to make a slave, than it has to make a
 king. They declare their purpose to be the
 abolition of slavery w herever they possess the
 constitutional power to do so; consequently
 slavery in the District of Columbia and else
 where would be abolished. They projiose to
 i free the federal government from all res|»onsi’
 bility for slavery; he internal slave trade,
 with all its attendant horrors, must therefore
 •he abolished. They declare that there shall
 !&gt;e no more slave States—no more territories.
 And they have placed on their broad banner,
 j Free Soil,” Free Men,” Free Labor,”
 J Free Speech,” and Free Stateswhile
 I on the black flag of their opponents is “Slave
 States,” Slave Tetritory,” “Slave Labor,”
 and Slavery propagandism. If success crown
 the latter, the slave power will be sirenglh
 j ened— slave Slates will he admitted—slave
 representation will be increased, and the
 slavetrade, with all its heart-rending horrors,
 will be quickened, and carried on to an extent
 shocking to humanity. If the former suc
 ceed, slavery in the District of Columbia and
 Territories will be forever abolished—the
 slavetrade discontinued the slave power
 hurled fr *m dominion, slavery circumscribed,
 hemmed in, proscribed, and detested, will per
 ish and die under the nation's reprobation. In
 view of the circumstances, What course
 ought we, the colored people, and our peculiar
 fuends to pursue? There are ways open to
 us. We may stand off and act the part of
 fault-finders—pick flaw's in the Free Soil plat
 form—expose the weakness of some persons
 connected with it—suspect and criticise their
 leaders, and in this way play into the hands of
 our enemies—affording them sticks to break
 our own heads. Or wc may consign our
 selves to oblivion—consent to die, or live as if
 the Almighty did wrong in placing us on the
 earth at this particular period of the wot Id's
 history—live in the past, or so far into the
 future as to be witollv unknown to tbe present
 generation remain silent as if we were
 speechless, and let things take their own
 course, and thus morally to commit suicide.—
 In neither of these ways can we go. We j
 feel it our duty to pursue that course which
 will make us in some degree a terror to evil-
 doers, aud a piaiee to all that do well—to “act
 in the living present”—to be a worker on the
 anvil now before us—that whatever influence 1
 we may possess, it shall be given in the right
 direction.
 While we are as deeply convinced as ever j
 of the slaveholding charaster of the Ameri- j
 can Constitution, aud are satisfied that it is
 the duty of the free Slates to separate from
 the slaveholding States, and are disposed in j
 no way to abate or modify our testimony on
 that point, we feel no hesitancy in proclaiming j
 our deep and sincere God-speed to this free
 soil movement. It is a movement springing
 legitimately out of the principles which the
 i American Anti-Slavery Society and Liberty
 Party have long been proclaiming; and al
 though it is not all we could ask or wish, it is
 nevertheless such a noble step in the right di
 rection, that we have no doubt that the
 I movement will bo a progressive one. In view
 of this movement, we bid the toil-worn bond
 man to lift up his head with hope slavery,
 with its many ills, shall not much longer
 reign. The people at the Convention wore
 evidently in advance of their leaders, &amp;nd
 showed themselves ready to take higjier
 i ground, if possible, than that laid down .by
 the Convention in their platform. j
Republic of Liberia.
 On our first page will be found rather copi
 ous news from this infantile Republic,Libera,
 to which we call special attention. We pro
 test any sympathy whatever with the Aimi'i
 can Colonization Society—an association,2in
 our estimation, as ill-deaigQing as it has bibn
 unsuccessful in the attempt to carry out thin
 designs.
 Whatever good may result from thiaeolo-y-,
 we are little disposed to give credit to .e
 Cdoiuzaiiomsu, as it is the result of accident,
 jn-1 not of their will. We cannot regard the
 new government or State as making much
 progress onward—not even arespectahle sem
 blance of progress, while its heads and
 chief men, continue to the notice of Ame
 rican Colonizationists end slaveholders, wiih
 the senility manifested in their letters. It is
 somewhat amusing to see the interest n-ani-
 Tested by the Mayor of Now York for Presi
 dent Robert*, talking loudly of a Sister Re
 public.” white the Republic of Haiti, but a
 lew days* sail from our shores, u never
 thought of by these pseudo philanthropist*.
 We shall continue to advise our reader*
 with news from thi* quarter, however nnia
 terecuog.
Wisconsin xnn Faxx TexaiToar.—The
 Legislature of this new State hare just adopt
 ed a aeries of strung reads:isos ut favor of
 •tee territory, by an overwhelming vole.
 There were but them negatives in the Senate
 aod five ib the Assembly, sod these wets sU
 Casa men.
Potxto Rot.—A German physician
 ■ays a ewe u effected by pinching off half
 ui inch Irons tbe top of the plant when «k
 or eight inches high and repeal it in to or 111
 «-e?k* on all the stems i
Bl*lh 4 PMtf.
 it is amunaf—if ooe can fe* amawd at
 approaching so nearly to downright
 agony—to behold the trouble and caalusion
 i which tbe prtfceediiifs of the great Free Soil
 Coareatkm, held at .Buffalo last week, has
 1 brought upon the old slavebolding party edi-
 I ton of this city. Wa say tlm/tkoMinf forty
 editors, because there are now virtually bat two
 parties in this coon try. Ia same, there are
 three but, in fact, tl ere are but two. The
 Cass and Taylor parties, tbeogh separate in
 name, are yet one in object —one in heart, or
 one in tbe ylace where a 14 heart ought to Ae.”
 They belong to slavery. Their casdidates
 are the candidates of slavery's own selection;
 and they both look to slavery as their present
 help in this their time of need. One of the
 items set down against that Convention by tbe
 Amerkan of this city, is, that President Mahan
 told the following irreverent story, as illus
 trating the feelings of the slaveholding parties
 of our land. He said that tbe present pre
 dicament of the old parties, reminded him of
 the story of a nun who went borne to his
 family after drinking a little too much. His
 wife said to him, “John, why don’t you come
 to bed What's the matter with you ?—are
 you drunk John, after remaining silent
 lor some time, said; No, lam not drunk,
 but 1 feel almighty discouraged The ex
 ception taken to this' stony, and the solemn
 lesson read to tbe President on the subject, is
 paltry enough as coming from any quarter,
 hut coming from the American, tbe advocate
 of the bloodhound candidate— a profane mur
 derer, whose every word is accompanied by
 some blood-chilling oath —the man who, when
 on the fields of Mexico, when surrounded by
 thousands of the dead and dying, could cry
 out with the fury of a demon, Give 'em hell
 site 'em hell is entitled to the respect due
 to the meanest hypocrisy.
 It is most too late in the nineteenth century
 for slavery to find a secure shelter from at
 tack by crawling behind the sacred altar of
 religion. The time ia at hand when it will
 not do to bring piety to the aid of a man
 stealer, and to the support of manstealing.—
 The fact that General Taylor is a well-known
 robber and hired assassin, stamps those who
 sustain him for the highest office in the gift
 of the nation, as being anything else than fid
 lowers of our meek and ever-blessed Re
 deemer. We long to see the day when these
 slaveholding sycophhnts of the North shall
 find their pretended piety regarded as vile in
 the eyes of all people. We cannot under
 stand the nature of that conscience which can
 sup[&gt;ort a wretch like Gen. Taylor, and yet
 bs horrified at a word which may be tortured
 into irreverence.
Domestic Happiness.
 Happiness is tliat earthly enjoyment which
 cheers the spirits, and makes good the heart
 of man, in every position in life. There can
 not be true happiness, where it cannot be
 found in the domestic circle—around the fire
 side, in the mutual affections emanating from
 the bosom of man and wife, patents and
 children.
 Moments of*joy, it is true, raay rush for an
 instant upon us; an imaginary pleasure may
 assuage for the time our feelings; but ere that
 fleet deceiver intrudes itself upon us, a transit
 of reflection will again depress the spirits, and
 the gloom of despair hangs heavily around.
 Neither possessions nor w ealth can create
 happiness; they can facilitate or increase,
 but cannot create it. Man and woman, to all
 intents and purposes, are equal, and whatever
 disparity there may appear, is the result of
 education, and not a defect of nature. In this
 we mainly refer to the moral and intellectua
 bearing of the subject; though we might ad
 duce an argument to prove it even physically.
 Is man physically superior, it may be tbe
 result of a long-continued education of man’s
 physical system, while that of woman is re
 strained. Even in childhood the boy is per
 mitted and encouraged in exercises that the
 girl ts prohibited and men pursue livelihoods
 that woman is denied. When the contrary is 1
 the case, a contrary result is the certain effect.
 For example: the Indian woman, whose
 duty it is, from childhood, to till the soil,
 grind the corn, carry the game and other bur-1
 dens; while that of man is to*hunt, fish, and
 join In the chass, is much abler to .withstand j
 the fatigues of labor than the Indian man.—
 The same may be said of the Hindoos, and
 other savage tribes, whose men sre given to
 idleness, while the women labor. We have
 digressed, and must resume.
 In all things common to both, (and in what
 can either engage that is not common to both*)
 man and wife should consult each other, al
 ways endeavoring to counsel to the best ad
 vantage, to the interests of both. A seeming
 opposition to the opinions of each should be
 carefully avoided—both endeavoring to harmo
 nize with—always observing, without mis
 trust, the most entire reliance in each other's
 word—tbe roost unshaken confidence in each
 other's integrity. Let every word be an ex
 pression of kindness and affection between
 husband and wife, and fbiawiH follow, as a
 ■water of course, with Ac children; the par- i
 entsso acting, will so instruct their children.
 To realize happiness, first, it must begin in
 our own household within the bounds of our
 own domestic circle. Every man and woman
 should endeavor to make their owa boms a
 place of happiness; this being accomplished,
 w baterer may be the scenes with which we
 are sammnded, we cannot fail to realize hap
 piness.
Equality.
 Remember, brethren, ibis cannot be obtain
 ed without self-exertion. Nature creates hu~
 inanity, but character makes the man. Each
 peraon must necessarily make his own char
 acter—this cannot be jrivee, but acquired.—
 Society, despite you and us, regulates itself;
 like water, it finds its level. In urder, time,
 t w into this element, oar specific gravity
 i should be equal.
 By this we mean to say, there are several
 qualification* entering uno the combination or
 materials which eompeee society. These
 aonieriais, from their nature, have an affinity
 fiir their like; hence, as attraction is mutual,
 materials of opposite qualities cannot adhere.
 Whatever qualifies and adorns society. must
 adorn and qualify as. We w ant dducatioo.
 trades, tespecuble employments, as mer
 chants, farmers, and idumrs in general.
 We eee never nee to sqsaiay with the
 dommsnt dam, while eeteeted end rfnl
 pith the situation of We shall
 speak to yon frequently ujou this subject.
thm OH i flat Herald*
 The first numbs t ef the above paper hai
 reached aa, which bails hem Pittsburgh, ai
 the orgm» of the African Methodist Episcopal
 Church, Her. Augustus Richardson Green
 Superintendent of the book concern, Editor
 This, as its name implies, is a religious paper
 iaaoed trom the ofiee formerly of the Mystery
 which establishment has been told out to th&lt;
 Methodist Church Connexion. Some may
 manifest a disposition to reflect on the forroei
 coodactors uf that paper for the course they hart
 pursued, but none who know the sacrifice*
 those gentlemen have made—the money from
 time to time lakea from their private means,
 to sustain that paper, will so reflect.
 At no period danng the existence of th«
 Mystery, did its subscription come near tti
 expenses, and nose know this better than the
 writer of this article; and bad it not been foj
 the generosity of the Pittsburghers, by the
 assistance of the ladies, in holding the Firs)
 of August Levees, the paper would long since
 have stopped. The paper had subscribers
 sufficient, but they did not pay—one of the
 evils of receiving distant subscribers without
 the cash. But the proprietors determined to
 1 sustain an enterprise so well begun, as well as
 the credit of those concerned, made continual
 heavy sacrifices, which they continued till the
 present period. Although there must be
 nearly one thousand dollars due them, at a
 distance, they aie ia all probability in debt to
 subscribers for advance payment. When we
 left the Mystery, we did it with reluctance,
 but for the purpose of entering into a more
 useful position of labor; as in our connection
 with that paper, it cost us not only our ser
 vices, which we gave gratuitously, but money
 besides—a portion of our time only being de
 voted to the paper, such as we could spare
 while in our present position the whole of our
 time is devoted to the enterprise, either in or
 out of the office hence, our efforts must be
 more available.
 We heartily commend the gentlemen of the
 Mystery for the course they have pursued, as
 an opportunity ensued in which they could
 withdraw with credit to themselves, and thus
 relieve them of a heavy burden.
 One thing we are certain of: we are not in
 a condition yet in ihis country to sustain more
 than one good efficient newspaper—we mean
 secular paper, try it who may and our ex
 perience and knowledge in these matters are
 equal to the best. Having made an estimate,
 we find that at least, among the colored peo
 ple, the ratio of subscribers is but twenty
 five to one thousand of a population. Two
 things are necessary before our people will
 become supporters and interested in newspa
 pers—intelligence, that is, common education,
 and means. At present, we have not ar
 rived at that point. We welcome the Herald
 to our table.
Lost, Strayed, or Stolen.
 In our walk yesterday, we fell in company
 with two Mexican boys, accompanied by one
 of the returned volunteers. We felt a con
 cern for the unfortunate lads, so far removed
 from their naliveiand,and desired to converse,
 but they could speak very little English. We
 asked the volunteer who accompanied them
 how be came by them and who had them in
 care he said one of them was his, and the;
 other belonged to one of the officers. He said
 that hundred small boys were to be found
 roving about the country in Mexico, apparent-1
 ly without patents, and that any number
 dfiulJ be had for the trouble of bringing them
 away The pooi little fellows appeared in
 fine spirits, and seemed proud that they had
 protector.— Pittsburgh Gazette.
 This is but one of those monstrous evils,
 the legitimate fruits of that most heaven- 1
 daring outrage, the invasion of the free terri-j
 tory of Mexico by an army of slaveholders, or
 what is equally bad. the subjects of a slave
 holding dynasty, as the United Stales may
 now be well termed.
 Not content with the design of establishing
 slavery in territory heretofore free, untarnished
 by the foot of a slave, but by the above it
 will readily be observed that kidnapping must
 have been among the most common outrages
 committed upon that defenceless people, and
 none will doubt but there is at this time many
 a hapless youth, doomed to drag out a life in
 Southern bondage, and disconsolate Mexican
 parents, mourning their loss to know,” if,
 indeed, they were nut slain in the bloody
 sieges which ensued.
 Common and daring indeed must have been
 the infernal custom of kidnapping Mexican
 children, when a pauperized or upstart Penn
 sylvania private will dare bring to the benevo
 lent,free city of Pittsburgh, a child, and claim
 him as belonging to him.
The Cause. We held on Wednesday
 evening, the 9th, an interesting Anti-Slavery
 meeting in Buffalo, where we acknowledge
 many fine friends, arooog whom are our much
 esteemed Abner H. Francis and lady, at
 whose bouse and table, we always find a
 hearty welcome. Such persons make the
 path-way of the weary laborer in the cause of
 humanity, however dreary, a delightful way
 —a way of pleasantness.
 The meeting on Sabbath last, at Farmingloa,
 was fraught with inmsst furmsny reasons
 If there bad been nothing else to contribute to
 our pleasure, the company of Joseph C. Hatha
 way, a faithful friend of the slave and co-la
 borer in the cause of the oppressed, sod his
 excellent wife (Esther Hathaway) sod family
 of interesting children, added to whom, was
 the noble hearted Anna Adams, —these of
 themselves were sufficient.
Heney A. Wise, late a Virginia bragado
 cio of iho House of Representatives of the U.
 S. t sad recent Minister to Brand, we believe
 has turned sutneraet from the Whig to the
 Democratic party, and to *H appearances, is
 if possible, tenfold meaner than before, which
 in all conscience, was mean enough. Wise
 is fooluh.
Bj* A negro house belonging in Gov. John
 son of North Carolina, was lately horned,and
 *0 negro children penabed m the flames.—
 Wat. Chrutmn.
 We should like to know hew homty child
 ren came to he is on house. Is this the
 ootafon with which wo are told by their apol
 ogists, the slaveholders provide for their
 slaves! Can the Obidp»tell* Twenty
 oegro children perished in the flamesnod
 this is mpressed with as much iadiflnreaea as
 though they had bean that assay aheap m
 calves! Had it base a single whim child
 whoa precious life bad thus fallen n prey to
 boon captioned by tbw, or torn ooefc ox pen
 won, Dreadful Calamity!" O! bnmamty,
 whither hast then flown 9
•fcaaiatfea Moral Heard*.
 Jostles a solar System or a fixed eefttre,
 wound which all attributes or priacrpldi re
 volve. approaching or receding, attracted or
 repelled,m according to the bars by which
 they are regulated, they vary ia their several
 orbits. Liberty is in perihelion; Slavery bon
 the descending node; humanity bin perigee
 to America there wil 1 this year, be a transit
 of manly independence from the nib of op
 preeeioo, crossing Mason and Dixon's line to
 the North; and there will be a number of
 odipoes visible in Europe and America; dee
 pots and tyrants will be eclipsed by free men
 and women these eclipses take place morn
 ing, noon and night, duration—an indefinite
 period, visible in all the northern part of the
 United States, in Prance, Piussia, Austria, the
 German States, Italy, the southern part of
 Russia, the Northern part of Africa, Algeria,
 sod perhaps Spain and Cuba; in which case,
 it will then be visible in the southern States.
 Here is now a phenomenon, quite visible to
 all, in the political sky. The satellites, |«o-
 Slavery and Servility, have left their orbits
 around the cold, stenie, opaque moon Oppres
 sion, and can now be seen among the most
 brilliant planets, revolving around the sun of
 Justice, from which they now receive their
 light. Equality will be the morning, even
 ing and day star, henceforth.
 On the 2d Tuesday, the 14th day of Novem
 ber next, there will be a great storm through
 out the Union, which will sweep with the
 greatest force over the northern States; but
 the South w ill suffer in consequence of the
 over flooding of their country, by the proceed
 ings and doings of freemen.
 The Mexican Girl. —There has been con
 siderable talk in the city about the Mexican
 young woman brought by the Duquesne
 Grays. She was first noticed bv the mem
 bers of the company at Puebla. She attract
 ed their attention by her devotion to the sick
 soldiers. She furnished provisions to the
 Americans, and did every thing her strength
 and circumstances enabled her to do. Her
 conduct excited the tnmityof her relatives,
 and she feared 6he might not be safe at home.
 This being known to Capt. Herron and Lieut.
 Mann, she vas invited to accept the protec
 tion of the company, and has been in the
 ranks eveT since. In appearance, 3he is en
 tirely Mexican, quite feminine in manners and
 conversation and the soldiers say she is pret
 ty and intelligent. She is eighteen years of
 age. Her name is Trinidad.— Pittsburg Post.
 Another evidence of the evils of this cruel
 and bloody crusade. The idea of a company
 of volunteer soldiers having ia their charge,
 thousands of miles from hooie, a young wo
 man, is preposterous—and that too, one such
 as Americans are wont to deride and insult,
 as we are told she is entirely Mexican, which
 is to be understood as yellow or copper color.
 We are surprised at the indifference with
 which these things are noticed by editors gen
 erally.
Haiti. —The last accounts, which are to the
 24th July, represent matters as being in a
 quiescent state but not so settled, by any
 means as to wariaut the expectation that the
 quietude would long continue. The Presi
 dent (So)oque) was at Jeremie, with his
 troops, where he seeins to have been main
 taming a terrific despotism. Two men of'
 high standing had been recently arrested fnrj
 alleged political offences, and tried and con-!
 deained, and immediately shot. The Presi
 dent was expected at Port au Prince about
 the Ist of the pres nt month and bis pres
 ence was anticipated with interest. No posi
 tion that he could assume, it is said, would
 make things worse.—* Et. Paper.
 Newspapers are misled in matters respect
 ing this Republic. Intelligence res|iectiug
 Haiti, usually crn-mate from New Orleans,
 from whence tne truth could not lie expected.
 T.ijse mil of tin Cris.eat City Delta and!
 Dee, are the principal channels through which
 these foul slanders flow.
Retaliatory Postage. —lt is said that the
 Postmaster General has issued instructions,
 requiring the following rates of posiage to be
 charged on all letters going out of the United
 States to or through the Kingdom of Great
 Britain or its colonies, into the UnitedSiates,
 hy any foreign packet-ship or other vessel.—
 On each letter nut exceeding half an ounce in
 weight, conveyed between the two countries
 by a foreign packet, 24 cents and for each
 additional hall ounce or fraction under, 24
 cents. On each letter weighing half an ounce
 or under, conveyed between the twocountnes
 by any foreign private ship or vessel, 16 cents;
 and for each additional half ounce or fractions
 under, 16 cents. Outgoing letters to be pre
 paid.
 Each newspaper, or sheet of other printed
 matter, to be charged with a postage of 4
 cents.
 If the above statement proves to be correct,
 we fear the arrangement wBI compel us to re
 linquish some exchanges which we greatly
 value. But we shall see.— West. Christum.
 Will some of the knowing ones” give us
 a little intelligent information on this Re
 taliatory P.mtage.” Has the Postmaster
 General the power to fix postage at bis will?
 The people desire light on this subject. We
 are fearful that this whole matter ia concealed
 in a Cave.
Church Rates. —The people in and shout
 the Parish of All-Saints, (Suffolk, England,)
 ulk of forming an association for the separa
 tion of Church aad State. Recently, nineteen
 pcaunas have bed distrainor for church rates
 made upon them, their property seized to
 twice the amount named, and actually sold at
 public outcry. We desire not the religion
 that must he purchased at such a price.
Prior Footer.— We have received a let
 ter from an esteemed friend in Boston, anxious
 ly enquiring about the schemes of Prior Foster
 of Woodstock Institute” notoriety. For
 information on that subject, he m referred to
 last week's Star.
Homestead —Wisconsin, has established
 the Homestead in that Stale. In the country,
 forty acres aw forever exempt from execution,
 thereby seen nog t» each family a home in
 villages, a quarter of aa acre, with ail sm-
Rrmaueablc Lonoeyitt. Old Phil,"
 a tenant belonging to Mr. Jas. Brent, of
 Charles county, Maryland, died on the sth
 met., at the age of one hundred and fifteen
 years. Up to the day of his death, the faith
 ful old aacvaal enjoyed almost naw tempted
 health. —f manner.
 Qwry.—had he ast been oppressed by tbs
 nttbleaa robber, who nattl the day af Me
 death, held bam in piratical imprisonment
 bow much longer would “OM Phil” have
 Hood! Tbst seondrol. shall yet have Haro
 ward.
Dsnociacy in Browne*.-—A tang and
 Vm Bwm Mating han bwn
 bold in tbn nity of Piuehwrgfc, at wbiob maw.
 urns were tafcea fur a regular alam organa*
 tun against Caw and Bote.
YMI ts Fftiaflitpfcfru
 M. R. Diusv will visit Philadelphia ot
 Wednesday, the tfttb of September, sad will
 spend several days hi that fifty, holding pebHe
 meetings and soliciting sobeeribere la tha
 North Star. There ia a largo entered pops
 latioa m Philadelphia. Their character and
 cooditioa baa a wide-spread influence oa that
 of the colored people throughout the Uaien.
 Every means should therefore be taken to
 improve the hearts aad alevate the suede of
 this large and influential population. Oar
 friend aad co-worker, Dalaay, ia a maa fitted,
 both in head and heart, to this important
 work. We eall upon oar friends in Phila
 delphia to prepare the way, and render our
 friend every assistance ia promoting our com
 mon cause.
Antf-« la very Meetings.
 Frederick JDoiglam and M. R. Del any
 will hold Ami-Slavery meetings at Victor, no
 Sabbath next, the 90th ins*., at half past tan
 A. M and half past two P. M.
ID* Hoc. Mr. Crowell, M. C., has oar
 thanks foT a copy of his able speech on Sla
 very in the District of Colombia.
Haiti.—Our readers will be pleased te find
 in the issue of this week another interesting
 favor from the pen of our Haitian corre
 spondent, who is ever welcome. .We d«**ire
 a private letter freca.hira concerning the boss*
 ness of a person aft Buffalo, N. T.
Colored Freemen !—Remember the great
 National Gathering of the oppressed, at
 Cleveland, Ohio, on Wednesday, the sixth
 of September. “Come as the waves come!”
Canada Postage. —The following instruc
 tions have been received from the Postmaster
 General, by the Postmaster of this city
 P. O. Department, Ist Aug. 1849.
 Dear Sir. —Yotirs of June 93d has been
 received. You will charge for each letter
 brought in or sent to Canada in steamboats,
 if employed as mail packets by the British or
 Canadian authorities, 24 cts and if brought
 in or taken out in private vessels, 16 cents.
 If sent in the United States Mail, the inland
 postage will be added.
 Let’ers may be sent from yonr office to
 Canada in foreign mail packets, prepaying
 24 cents; if in private veasels, 16 cents.
 1 am, respect tally, yonr obedient servant,
 C. JOHNSON.
 Mr. Campbell, P.M., Rochester,
 ID* Keep it in Mind, that private enter-*
 prise, if permitted so to do, would tiny let*
 lets to Canada for one cent each every cent
 charged more than that is a robbery. How
 much more of such foolery, Mr. Cave John
 son, do you imagine people will submit to?
 Why is not some rational arrangement made
 between the two countries l
ID 3 Hon. Daniel Weester, the Com
 mercial announces, apparently by authority,
 will give a cordial and hearty support to the
 nomination of Gen. Taylor, and has never
 meant to do anything else.
H7* A London journal says that the nnm
 bei of law yets in Lnrnn is r.o less than 41? ft
 and that the amount bf their costs in 1846
 ‘47, was jC16.210.165.
 The Massachusetts Volunteers have
 ‘been paid off and discharged. Some menu
 received $4O and some as much as $l4O in
 money. The average was $-60 each. Beside*
 this they have of land at the West
 or in exchange, if they preler, IQO of gov
 ernment scrip. Meat of them chose the
 land.
 Newspapers. are 218 newspaper*
 published in Pennsylvania, exclusive of mis
 cellaneous publications. This, we believe,
 exceeds the number published in any other
 State in the Union. Ohio boasts of 174, and
 New York of about 200.
 The Crops throughout Ohio are unprece
 dented. It is estimated that Ohio wiN yiehf
 this year, 34,000,000 bushels of wheat over
 one-third more than ever before in one year.
 The Potato Rot has appeared in Mont
 gomery and Bucks counties, Pennsylvania.
 Peaches are very abundant in Philadelphia
 —sell at fifty cents a basket.
 Death. —The N. ,Carolina papers announce
 the sudden death, in Tyrell county, in that
 Sutc, of Hon. Ebenezer' Pettigrew, formerly
 a member of Congress from the Eighth Dis
 trict.
 Lansing, 4he new capital of Michigan,
 now contains about 1000 inhabitants. In
 1845, the enumeration was only 88.
 The Hudson Bat Company hsve made a
 proposition to ihe Government u» sell to the
 United States all their rights and possessions
 in Oregon, south of 40 deg. N. latitude.
 Thk Export of domestic cotton goods from
 the port of Boston, for the month ending July
 31, 1348, was in value 967,829 11. Total
 since the Ist of July, $1,333,809 95. Far
 the largest portioo to the East Indies.
 The Slave Case- —At Washington, the
 Jury on the slave abduction case, after twen
 four hours' deliberation, gave a verdict of
 guilty against Drayton, on the charge of
 stealing negroes.
 Fire at Niagara Falls.—The Table
 Rock House and Stair Case on the Canada
 side at Niagara Falla, were horned down oa
 the night of the 24tb ult. A stable in the
 vicinity eon taming several horses and car
 nages was burned also at the asase tune.
 Wisconsin makes the thirtieth State of the
 Confederacy. It contains some 90,900 square
 miles ot territory—**•-»birds larger than all
 New England, and full aa large as New
 York, New Jersey and Pennsylvania com
 bined.
 A Great Countrt. —Oregon is said tax"
 contain 218.635,320 scree; Califi»rm* sod
 New Mexico contain 500.000 souaro nuleot
 They and the other territories of the Dakar,
 equal at least 1,600,000 square Ottlea, or
 1,024,000,000 square acres.
 Mr. Emerson's Lectures.— Our rtadara
 will perceive, by so advertisement ia our par
 per this week, that Mr. Emerson is shunt ts
 deliver a coarse ef lectures at the Literary
 Institution, Poftmaa-squire. This fc, ve ho
 lieve, the eoly eccasioa on which this dis
 tinguished thinker will lecture in Leaden, pre
 vious to his departure for America^— London
 /ufterur, June ft.
 T«« Wait Candidate.— General Taylor
 •a reretvtaf areriy tMOOanmml salary from
 N -“T** IT, r r. hw taut*
 loamtlwptaf,!
iv wkkespo.ydeni g.
 J. K, (hroi.. W. M. tntmi a No. W.
 Oasm* sapply *s anwbsvs sf N&lt;«+ War ra*uod.
 i. h. MsK., PkilsftslptNs E. 8. crsdiisd ts
 Ns. it.
 J* J* 0., Osalnmii. O,—Tbs pye* Mnadcd
 fcv Hsmmn Wiloss baro by Wftako bsro mat m
 Wilast. They wiN bo found at As M
 Offias. Papers ars sent this m** othw par
 amaarowd; bnt in the sbasass dM.fi saw*
 nmmy wfMhsr or set (hoy «ib ha sasdrosd.
 Mffia fc Wsthsrbw, MUflod, N. H.—lfwnr paper
 iassfdnrlysML Tbs rest Ofcsb Haro
 this wash mat a dspbesss espy is Mfsnss sssL
 0. P. C., Pom Oflhw, Ommbsu. O^Bywit
 dTlJTTim, i. ..lloW
