P of ftp.
Tat the Nnctb Star.
 REMEMBER THEM THAT ARK IN BONDS.
 Remmber dan when from the bresey meadow*,
 Tim watcheet the free sun commence the day.
 And when hi* k«t rays cast their partitif shadows
 On the cool green award of the forest way.
 Remember them when e’er thy Btfate hcadiaf.
 Thy spirit flow# m arery word di*me.
 And aapirationa high thy heart ie aendhag
 Epward, like incense, from each holy line.
 Reaaentber them when the warm air i* waging,
 W&gt; thy young rhtWren’a roien at their play.
 And when sweet hymna their voice* aoft are singing,
 dhid whea beeide thee they kneel done to pray.
 Remember them when bright thy hearth i* gleaming,
 Casting on each dear form iu warm red light,—
 When in tliat cheerful liglit aoft eye* are beaming.
 And happy converae welcome* iu the night.
 Reamaber them whea cornea the kindly greeting,
 Penned by aotne treasured friend beyond the aea,
 Filled with a joyful hope of quickly meeting.
 And wakening up an answering thrill of glee.
 Remember them in the sad iwwr of parting,
 Whea hand in hand, and lip to lfp are pressed,—
 When from (by quivering voice last words are
 starting,
 And brief sad words to tltee in turn addressed.
 Rmneml-or diem when sorrow presses on tiiee,
 M h«i bitter tears are gushing from thine eyes,—
 When the dark grave hath torn a loved one from
 tiiee,
 And a dear firm beneath the cold eartli lies.
 Remember diem for whom the up-rising sun
 I* bat the summons to their toilsome day;
 Whose unpaid labors wearily are done
 By the last glimmer of bis evening ray.
 Rememlicr them from whom the word of healing
 Is scaled by (yrarits, in the tyrant fear
 That Heaven’s own voice, the high pure truth re
 vealing,
 W'ii! whisper freedom in tlie captive’s ear.
 Remember tJiem, —they hear llieir children's voices
 Nfcrrily pealing iu the summer air,
 Only to think dial all which now rejoices,
 Ire long shall teem with anguish and de-pair.
 Remember them—for if tlie warm hearth glowing,
 And eyes of gentle love, 1* theirs to-night,
 A ruined home, with misery o’erflowing.
 May meet tlie dawning of to-morrow’s light.
 Remember them—no word* of friendly union—
 No hope* of meeting may to them pertain—
 They who must hold no cherished dear com munion,
 Who parted once, must never meet again.
 Remember them, —they must not ‘spend in sorrow,
 Beside a grave their strength and aye their time;
 Their grief from silence comfort must not borrow—
 They may not weep their their tears —thru give them
 tfune. M. P. N.
 GIVE .IFF FREEDOM!—A Fra-gme.vt.
 Rut tell me not that I ain blessed,
 Nor hid me glory in my lot—
 Plelieian freemen are oppressed
 With wants and woes that you are not.”
 Out on such kindness! I would lie
 The wreck of fortune to be free.
 Go, bid a cage widi grates of gold
 And pearly roof, file eagle hold;
 But say—ln lnxury’s limits pent',
 Find you die king of birds content!
 No; oft lie’ll sound the startling shriek,
 And dash the grate with angry Ijeak.
 Precar ions freedom’s far more dear
 Than all the prison’s pampering cheer.
 He longs to see his eyrie-seat
 Some cliff on ocean’s lonely shore,
 Whose old bare top the tempests beat,
 And at whose base d e billows roar;
 And when in gales they yawn like graves,
 lie loves with joy to skim the waves,
 Or rise through tempe't-shrouded air,
 All diick and dark with wild winds swelling,
 To brave the lightning’s lurid glare,
 And talk with thunders in th'ir dwelling.
 Like that great monarch of the air.
 Oh, give me but a chainless soul,
 All Fortune’s bids I’ll do and dare.
 E’en though her thunders round me roll,
 And vivid lightnings fire the pole—
 There’ll be more music iu that crash
 Than e’er oppression’s harp begun—
 More lovely splendor in that flash
 Than ever beamed oppression’s sun.
 The lightnings quick and clear
 Across wide Heaven in grandeur gleamed,
 Roii&amp;ing along the fields of air
 The growling thunders front their lair.
 THE TIMES THAT TRY MEN’S SOULS.
 Confusion has seised us, and all things go wrong,
 The women have leaped from their spheres,”
 And, instead of fixed stars, shoot as comets along,
 And are setting the world by the ears!
 In courses erratic they’re wheeling through space,
 In brainless confusion and meaningless chase.
 In vain do our knowing ones try to compute
 Their return to tb# orbit designed;
 They ’re glanced at a moment, then onward they
 shoot,
 And are neither to hold nor to bind;”
 So fret ly they move in their chosen ellipse,
 The Lords of Creation do fiar an eclipse.
 The y’ve taken a notion to speak for themselves,
 And are wielding the tongue and the pen;
 They’ve mounted the rostrum, the termagant elves,
 And, oh horrid, are talking to men!
 With fares unbleached in our presence they come,
 To harangue us, they say, in behalf of die dumb.
 They insist on their right to petition and pray—
 That St. Paul, in Corindiiars, has given them
 rules
 For appearing in public despite what those say
 Whom we’ve trained to instruct them in ortho
 dox schools.
 But vain such instruction, if women may scan,
 And quote texts of Scripture to favor their plan.
 Our graujmotltcr*’ learning consisted cf yore,
 la spriadmg their generous Itoards;
 In twisting the distaff, or mopping the floor,
 And °b*y&gt;ng the ictil of their hrds.
 Now, misses nun reason, and think, and debate,
 Till uuqucstioned submission is quite out of date.
 Our clergy have preached on the sin and the shame
 Of woman w hen out of her sphere,”
 And labored, rfmne/y, to ruin her fame,
 And shorten this horrid career;
 But for spiritual guidance no longer they look,
 'to Folsom, or ms low, or learned Parsons Cooks.
 A&gt;ur wise men have tried to exorcise in vain
 Tlie t irbuW.il spirit’s abroad;
 As well might we deal w ith die fetterless main,
 Or conquer ethereal essence with sword,
 like the devils of .Milton, lliey rise from each blow,
 With spirit unbroken iasultii* the foe.
 O ir patriot fathers, of eloquent fame.
 Waged war agautst taug.blc funns;
 Ay, that foes were men, and if ours were the same.
 We might speedily quiet their storms
 But ah! their descenianta enjoy not such bliss—
 The assumptions of Britain were nothing to this.
 CouU wr but array all our force in die field,
 WVJ ii-a&lt; h dieae usurpers of power.
 That their bodily safety demands they shout i yield,
 A .id in preaouce/if manhood should rower;
 But, alas! for mu tethered and impotent state.
 ChaioeJ by uoUous of kaighthood, w* CM but
 debate.
 Oh’ shale of the prophet Mol in tart, arise,
 Flans woman again ta hrr sphere,”
 And teach tiiat lier »&gt;ui was not torn for the aAies, j
 But in flutter a brief moment here.
 1 his doctrine of Jesus, its preached op by Pad,
 If aaabrwred in h* spirit, wifi rain us aU.
 LORDS OF ntFATION
Selections.
EXTRACTS FKOM LIBERIA
 PAPERS.
 out Pore ion affairs.
 Until the return of President Rob
 erts, our expectations will be as various
 as the wind. He left our shores clothed
 with certain powers, the amicable ar
 rangement of which, in the United
 States, England, and with other powers,
 will raise our spirits, and infuse new
 I energies into every citizen. The iegis
 lature knowingfnll well the importance
 of having at the earliest day, foreign
 i governments to acknowledge the Inde
 -1 pcndence of the Republic, and at the
 same time having no available resour
 ces, wherewith to send Commissioners
 to foreign Contis for the purpose,
 found itself in rather an aw kward po
 sition. Many plans were proposed for
 carrying out these important measures;
 but they were abandoned nearly as
 soon as they were introduced. While
 in a state of uncertainty as to the most
 practicable course to be adopted, under
 these untoward circumstances, it was
 j intimated that the President intended to
 make a foreign visit for the benefit of
 the health of bis family. This seemed
 to open a way, whereby a portion of our
 most important affairs might be attended
 to; but then there was a delicacy attend
 ing the bringing of ihe subject before
 the President; it being pretty generally
 known that he had expressed a desire
 more than fifteen months before that
 time, to retire for a w hile from public
 affairs; —and it was only at the most
 j urgent solicitations of many of our most
 prominent citizens from all parts of the
 Republic that he consented to be candi
 date for the Presidency. But there
 was very little time for parleying: and
 I it was proposed by some of the mem
 bers of each branch of the legislature,
 to seek an earlv opportunity of intro
 ducing the subject to the President, and
 if possible, obtain his consent to attend
 to our foreign affairs while nbroad,
 should the legislature be inclined to
 clothe him with the necessary authority
 to do so. The interview took place,
 and the President, though disposed to
 do all in his power to forward the affairs
 of the State, was unwilling to be bur
 dened with matters of so much impor
 tance, when his object in going abroad
 was to seek health. But he was not
 permitted to have his own way in this
 respect, without being further impor
 tuned; and accordingly other gentle
 men, not members of the legislature,
 but high in tire confidence of the people,
 and immediately identified with every
 interest of the State, joined their voices
 with those who first waited on the Presi
 dent, and after considerable reasoning,
 the President said, “that he would no
 longer consider himself at liberty to
 decline performing any duty, however
 arduous, that the Representatives of
 the people might be inclined to author
 ise him to attend to.” No delay took
 place before the legislature passed
 resolutions clothing him with such au
 thority and it must be gratifying to
 the members of the legislature to hear
 the favorable opinions coming from all
 parts of the State, as to their action in
 this respect. It is the decided opinion
 of nearly every person who have ex
 pressed their views on the subject, that
 the legislature could not have adopted
 a more feasible plan to bring our gov
 ernment before the notice of foreign
 powers. President Roberts is intimate
 ly acquainted with every particular of
 our affairs—more so than any other
 person. For the last seven years, he
 has been the chief Executive officer of
 Liberia; and as such, has been obliged
 to carry on correspondence with the
 representatives of the government of
 Great Britian, of a very important
 character; and which to us, seemed to
 wear a very threatening aspect.
 And it is not improbable that some of
 the subjects embraced in that corre
 spondence, may be forced up for dis
 cussion in England, when that govern
 ment is called upon to acknowledge our
 Independence. It is from that gov
 ernment more than any other, that we
 expect to recievo the most friendly
 assurances. &amp;c.,&amp;c.
 THE DEPARTURE.
 On the evening of the4thinst., the
 American bark “Nehemiah Rich”
 Daniel L. Carlton master, left our har
 bor for the U. States, via. West Indies,
 The following named persons took
 passage in her: President Roberts,
 lady and daughter, and Mrs. John N.
 Lewis—and Messrs. B. R. Wilson,
 James S. Payne, A. F. Russel, Sion
 Harris and lady, and Mrs. Ralph Moore.
 The President and family, and Mrs.
 Lewis, will go from the U. States to
 England.
 We do not remember having witness
 ed before, the departure of so many of
 our distinguished and interesting citi
 zens, at any onetime; and we feel con
 fident, that on no similar occasion,
 has there been such a general mani
 festation of interest and feeling by the
 citizens at large, as was openly shown
 on the afternoon of the 4th. Hundreds
 of friends and spectators of both sexes
 crowded the wharf, to wish the travel
 lers a pleasant and interesting visit to
 foreign kinds: and many a silent tear
 was seen to trickle down the fair cheek
 when the affectionate adieu waa hastily
 given and received.
 The French brigs of war Bougain
 ville,” Captain Chaigneau, and Du
 petit Thouers,” Capt. Protet, remained
 m port some two or three days, for the
 ostensible purpose of escorting the Pre
 sident and his friends on board the
 bark; and it was with no ordinary de
 gree of pleasure that we noticed the
 enlarged arrangements made by these
 accomplished officers, to show respect
 to the President of the Republic, and
 his distinguished friends. They had
 six boats in waiting, decorated with the
 flags and penants of their country; and
 the party net off in them from the" wharf
 about four of the clock. The boats had
 scarcely left the wharf, before the firing
 of a national salute commenced at Fort
 Norris, under the direction of Colonel
 Vstes.
 After Ihe passengers had reached
 Ihe bark, the President made a short
 visit to each of the brigs of war,and was
 recieved on board with the boners be
 coming his rank. SereraJ of our
 prominent citizens accompanied the
 President to the bark, and returned to
 the shore after night-fall, in a large and
comfortable barge, placed at their dis
 posal for the occasion, by Captain
 Chaieneia.
 Captains Cbasgnea* nod Protet, are
 entitled te cur highest gratitude for the
 honor they have thus shown the Re
 public through hs Chief Mrgistrmie.
 MONROVIA.
 Oar town is rapidly improving. For
 the last two years, a spirit of induMry
 and enterprise seems to have taken
 possession of our people; and though
 1 the song of hard times” continues to
 be beard on every side, the improve
 ments of the last two years in buildings
 of a durable and costly character, far
 exceed in number and comfortableness,
 those of any other period. It is really
 gratifying to us, to notice the rapid
 strides that are now being made by all
 classes of the people to make them
 selves comfortable. We counted a
 few days ago, thirty-four new buildings,
 many of them of brick and atone, and
 j in a forward state of completion; and
 arrangements are in progress for the
 building of many more. Onr young
 men are not behind the epirit of the
 times. Many of them are honorably
 exerting themselves to get into their
 own houses. We would suggest to our
 young ladies, the propriety of giving a
 direct and unequivocal refusal to any
 young ma?t who offered proposals of
 marriage, unless he could lay claim to
 a comfortable dwelling, and otherwise
 well improved premises,
 e
 A SKETCH OF THE IMPROVEMENT OP
 MARSHALL.
 Our readers abroad, if not at home,
 no doubt would like to hear something
 about Marshall—its improvement and
 influence over the adjacent native
 tribes.
 The town of Marshall is situated on
 the North-West side of the Junk Riv
 er. The situation of the town may be
 thought by some to be located in an
 advantageous place but we are in
 clined to think to the contrary. Had
 the town been placed about a mile far
 ther up the river—in all probability it
 would have been the means of inducing
 many of the inhabitants of the different
 settlements to have removed there.
 Many of the inhabitants of the town
 have been obliged to leave, and settle
 permanently on their farms, some six
 or eight miles up the river, where they
 can, through all the seasons of the year,
 reap the fruits of their labor.
 The town is situated upon a sandy
 part of the country, near the beach
 and during the summer, the heat being
 so intense, the parching sand will not
 admit any of the kitchen vegetables to
 thrive therefore to raise any of the
 common garden vegetables, tiny arc
 obliged to shelter them from the over
 powering influence of the sun.
 The inhabitants of Marshall live
 principally in thatched houses—the
 basements of them are plastered very
 well, and have quite a respectable ap
 pearance. The cause of this is obvious,
 from the fact, that there are but few
 sawyers in the place and they having
 witnessed the bad effect produced by
 working in the swamp have desisted
 from such a source of occupation, and
 turned their attention exclusively to
 farming. There are many peculiar
 circumstances connected with this set
 tlement but taking into consideration
 many of the almost insurmountable
 barriers, we think the inhabitants of
 Marshall have done well. And if we
 should be guided by what we have
 seen, and learned from others, she has
 improved much, and bids fair to be of
 great advantage to this Republic.
 Though without any help through the
 tide of emigration, yet many individuals
 have found it to their advantage to re
 move from this, and the adjoining
 settlements, to Marshall, where they
 can, in their estimation, more easily
 obtain that sustenance which nature
 demands.
 There has bedn imported from Mar
 shall to this place, during this year, two
 thousand bushels of lime, besides a
 considerable quantity of oysters, and
 other staple products. The people in
 general live quite independently for
 they have no dealing with foreigners—
 as most every thing in the eating line
 is produced by their own labor—oys
 ters excepted and these you can easily
 obtain in great abundance form the
 rivers in that vicinity.
 The adjacent native tribes seem to
 be more subject to the laws of this gov
 ernment than we have ever known
 them, and are becoming so inured to
 civilized customs, that when they have
 any disputes among themselves, as a
 general thing, they come to a magistrate
 to settle their difficulties. Such an
 influence has long been desired by this
 government, and we hope inducements
 will be held out to them, that by some
 means, yet unknown to us, our influ
 ence may be exerted too far as to bring
 about effeclt.ally, a total abolition ol
 the slave trade, which is carried on so
 extensively among them. The day is
 not far distant, we hope, whea we shall
 see the light of science, and the influ
 ence of Christianity disseminated
 among them. To witness scenes char
 acteristic of the native Africans, there
 are objects presented to us in their na
 ture appalling. We hope, however,
 that the influence that will be exerted
 by this government, may bring about a
 speedy reformation.
 Ie a measure, we have already wit
 nessed the salutary effect produced by
 the progress of civilization in thir
 country. It would indeed be a pleasing
 sight to those true hearted friends of
 other countries, who have spent time
 and talent for the advancement of the
 great Colonization scheme, to witness
 on the Sabbath the many scores of na
 tive children and youth crowding to the
 different religious institutions opened
 for their benefit. We are inclined lo
 think, that they would acknowledge
 that their hopes were already realized. 1
 SLATE TRADE AT LITTLE CAFE MOUNT.
 We learn from an authentic source,
 that the Ware trade is earned on quite j
 extensively, at or near Littla Cape
 Mount, (distant about forty miles.) by
 a Krooman named Do employed, as
 we are informed, by that notorious
 slave. dealer at New £esa. He baa
 now on hand about seventy slaves for
 that market. Cannot there be a atop
 put to this nefarious traffic within the
 limits of tkia Republic W« hope
 there will be some prominent measures
taken bjr Una government that will
 bring the repels to justice. This indeed
 is grievous and eorrodiug to tba feel
 ing* of aU feres philanthropists.
 Some few months ago, there was s
 similar establishment at King Gray’s
 town, (dietan# about sixteen miles,)
 and a goodly number of the citizens
 volunteered their service* to go and
 rescue the pose victims, doomed to
 undergo the severity of their inhuman
 masters, if some immediate assist sues
 was not afforded. Is there not left a
 spark df that spirit in the bosoms of our
 citizens, that would arouse their feel
 ings to such a loud caJAof humanity.
 Remember fellow citizens, that we
 came to this country for the ostensible
 porpoee of stopping the progress of
 this accursed traffic therefore wa
 must endeavour to exert our influnnee
 in such a manner, that it may be instru
 mental whether directly, or indirectly,
 tn benefiting the sable sons of Africa.
 A SLAVER CAFTVRE*.
 About two weeks since, r Brazilian
 schooner, a prize to H. B. M. Ship
 Fire Fly, went into Sierra Leone with
 two hundred and thirty-five slaves.
 She was taken off Gaboon—when taken,
 she had on board two hundred and
 seventy. These were croweed into a
 uessel of such small dimensions, that
 in the space of twenty days, thirty-five
 of these perished. If these pirates
 would only have vessels large enough
 to preserve the lives of the poor crea
 tures, it would perhaps render their
 traffic somewhat less horrible on the
 score of humanity, if indeed there can
 be any modified grade to a crime so
 high and heinous in the sight of God
 and man.
 Mr. Editor, —I take this opportunity to
 inform you of the health of the late
 immigrants under my medical care, at
 the settlements of Virginia, and Mon
 rovia. The company by the Amazon,
 and twenty-nine of the company per
 Barque Nehemiah Rich, fauna Ken
 tucky,numbering all about seventy-five;
 all of whom have been attacked with
 the acclimating fever, and nearly all
 may now be considered convalescent.
 Ihave lost one, who died, however, noj
 of fever, for he had been attacked, and
 was in a degree, convalescent; but
 while yet in a debilitated state, from
 the effects of the fever, was taken with
 an attack of cholera morbus, which
 prostrated him at once, and he sank in
 a state of colapse.
 H. J. Roberts, M. D. Attending
 Physician.
 Medical Departmbnt, Monrovia,
 May 10/fr, 1848.
 Obetixg Orders.—While lying in a
 Southern port some years’ since, the
 master of a vessel belonging to New
 England smoked her out for the purpose
 of destroying rats. The next morning
 about a dozen of these long-tailed gen
 try were found and brought on deck.
 Their sleek and fat appearance evinced
 that they had been well cared for by
 themselves, if not by others. The stew
 ard came aft, and pointing to the heap,
 inquired of the captain what should be
 done with them.
 “Done with them?” responded the
 captain, who was something of a wag,
 why, make them into a stew.”
 Nothing more was said by either
 party on board at the time. Several
 gentlemen had been invited on board
 to dine upon squirrels, which the cap
 tain and a friend, who was a good
 marksman, had barked” the day be
 fore. Dinner was served up in good
 style, and the appetites of all did justice
 to the fare; but most of the party pre
 ferred them made into a stew to any
 other way.
 Steward,” exclaimed the captain,
 as he w as changing tbe dishes prepara
 tory to setting on the pastry, “can’t
 you give us just such a stew to-mor
 row? You know there are some of the
 squirrels left.”
 Didn’t make dat out ob squirrels,
 sir,” replied the African, with a hesi
 tating attempt to smile, but which was
 kept back by a slight tremor.
 What then?” inquired the captain
 quickly.
 “Why, sir, ob de rats you ordered
 me to
 We call this a red- ification of orders,
 and advise the captaiu hereafter to be
 careful to whom he directs them, as he
 should have known that an African is
 born to obey!
 Thrilling Scene at Niagara
 Falls. —The Rochester Daily Adver
 tser gives the following description of
 an occurrenc at Niagara Falls, which
 threatened serious loss of life:
 During a severe gale of wind at
 Niagara Falls, on Monday afternoon,
 the Suspension Bridge was for a long
 time in jeopardy, in consequence ot
 its unfinished state, the fastenings not
 being all it) place, tbe foot bridge was
 made to vibrate until one section of the
 cables slipped off the saddle, which
 caused the planking to turn up edge
 wise; but no other damage to this sec
 tion of tbe bridge, One man only was
 at this part when the wind atruck it, i
 who made his way to the shore amid the
 fearful commotion. He had reached
 within a few feet of the shore, when a
 flying section of the unfinished foot
 bridge struck him, knocking him from
 his position.but he was so near that two
 men caught him, and saved him from
 being precipitated into the fearful gulf! i
 He was but just saved, yet not injured, j
 While this was being enacted, the;
 second foot bridge, which was planked
 half way across the river, was broken j
 near the shore, and a section of some;
 forty feet carried away, leaving four 1
 men floating fearfully in mid air. Their
 case, though for a few minutes, was
 one of the meat imminent danger vi
 brating as they were over the fearful
 gulf full 60 feet, holding on to whatever
 presented itself, until the storm was
 pest. They ft ere then relieved from'
 their uneasy post by aoeans of the!
 basket end ladder. They seemed little
 worse for wear, and ready to resume 1
 their work again yesterday, and by;
 night had aU in plane ready agin for
 the passage of foot passengers.
 •Concha*l;*—Why is it necessary
 to go to Enron* to understand the true
 character of Lewis Casa;
 D* yo* gwv it *p?”
 Because it it necessary to pass over
 the
2U&gt;ptrrt«mtnto
FIRST or AUGUST, THE
 BIBTBDif OF MM* FREEMEN.
 UNION SOCIETY FAIR.
 rpa I'MO.N ASSOCIATION wiU hold a Fair
 MINERVA HALL*
 Ot Tuasdav, Augrat Ist. Tba pablie are mpect
 fully invited to anew).
 E. W. WALKER, Pras-
 MART GIBBS* Vira Free.
 Doom apes at TO o’clock, in the morning.
HOLD lor R HORSES
 WAVE ELY LIVERY STABLE.
 STATE STREET.
 r PirE subscribers haring recently entered into Co
 -1 partnership in the Livery business, at the well
 and favorably known stand of W. H. Sprague;
 would state with all dne deference and respect to the cit
 raeus of Rochester centrally, and the riding comma
 nity in particular, that in order to meet the many
 multifarious demands of am fi lends and pahrons, we
 have fready and materially enlarged our Establish
 ment. Our incomparable and uuequaled stud ofj
 Horses.have all been selected with care and judg- j
 meat, with an eye to the wants of those who ate m
 the habit of patronising establishments of this kind.
 We are constantly increasing our stock of
 Strikes, Carriages, Ac-, which for efeouace, com
 fort, and convenience cannot be excelled in Western
 New York. We think our Summer Arrangements,
 approach as near perfection as possible, and in-order
 to press borne this truth more forcibly, we hereby
 fling down the gauntlet and defy competition.
 SHERWOOD A HUSBROOK.
 FI R IND SILK HITS.
 FARRLNGTON PRICE, manufacturer and
 dealer in Fur and Silk Hats, Ckilh and Fur
 Capa, Ladies’ Fora and Trimmings. Buffalo Robes
 and an assortmapt of Hat Cases, Umbrellas, Ac.,l
 Ac. Ac., Nd. 2, St. Paul Street, Minerva Block.
 (0- A usual supply of Buckskin Gloves and'
 Mittens.
 ROCHESTER SHOE AND LEATHER
 JOBBING HOUSE.
 THE subscribers at N'e. 22 State s'.reet, take plea
 sure in announcing to the public that they have
 completed arrangements by which they are enabled i
 to offer the most satisfactory inducements to all en
 gaged in the sale or manufacture of Boots and Shoes,
 to come to this market for a supqly.
 They are also offering on the moet fanorable terms,
 a large' stock of Sole and Upper Leather, Kip, Calf,
 and Morocco Skins, with a full assortment of Find
 ing, including Lasts, Pegs, Ac. Deafer* will And it
 greatly to their interest to examine our stock before
 purchasing elsewhere.
 jylO SAGE A PANCOST.
RRITISB PERIODICAL
 LITERATURE.
 SUBSCRIBE EARLY WHILE THE TERMS
 ARE LOW.
 REPUBLICATION OF
 The London Quarterly Review, The
 Edinburgh Review, The JYorth Rrit-'
 ish Review, The Westminster Review,
 and Blackwood's Edinburgh Maga
 zine.
 The above Periodical* are reprinted in New York,
 immediately on their arrival by the British steamers,
 in a beautiful clear type, on fine white paper, and
 are faithful copies of the originals, Blackwood’s
 Magazine, being an exact facsimile of the Edinburgh
 edition.
 They embrace the views of the three great parties
 in England—Tory, Whig, and Radical. Black
 wood” and the London Quarterly” are Tory; the
 “Edinburgh Review” Whig; and the Westmin
 ster Review” Radical. The North British Re
 view” is more of a religious character, having been
 originally edited by Dr. Chalmers, and now, since
 his death, being conducted by his son-in-law, Dr.
 llanna, associated with Sir David Brewster. Its
 literary character is of the very highest order..
 PRICES FOR 1848, (IF SUBSCRIBED FOR EARLY.)
 For any one of the four Reviews, $3 00 per annum.
 For any two do. 500
 For any three do 700
 For all four of the Reviews, 8 00
 For Blackwood’s Magazine, 8 00
 For Blackwood and the 3 Reviews, 9 00
 For Blackwood A the 4 Reviews, 10 00
 Payments to be made in all cases in advance.
 CLUBBING.
 Four copies of any or all the above works will be
 sent to one address on payment of the regular sub
 scription for three—the fourth copy being gratis.
 EARLY COPIES.
 A late arrangement with the British publishers of
 Blackwood’s Magazine secures to us early sheets of
 that work, by which we shall be able to place the
 entire number in the hands of subscribers before any
 portion of it can be reprinted in any of the Ameiican
 Journals. For this and other advantages secuied to
 our subscribers we pay so large a consideration, that
 we may be compelled to raise the price of the Maga
 zine. 'Therefore we repeat subscribe early while
 the price is low.”
 Remittances and communications should be always
 addressed, post-paid or franked, to the publishers,
 LE6.NARD SCOTT A CO.
 70 Fulton street, New York.
POVERTY:
 ITS ILLEGAL CAUSES AND LEGAI
 CURE.
 BY LYSANDER SPOONER.
 The Albany Patriot calls it—“ A neat pamphlet oi
 108 page#—a ▼ery remarkable production.”
 Whether all the anticipation# of Mr. Sqoonei
 would be realized by the full adoption of hi# theory
 we do not here stop to enquire; but we heartily com
 mend his endeavor to the notice of all who love a
 transparent forcible diction—intrepid independence—
 original thought—and entire freedom from the cant
 of sect or party. Asa judicial writer, he has a depth,
 a compass, far beyond any one whose productions
 have met our eye in a longtime.”
 Hunt's Merchant’s Magazine says—“ It abound#
 in bold and original thought*. The illegal causes of
 poverty are stated, and a number of important propo
 sitions bearing on the subject laid down; and, on the
 whole, we consider it a work well worth studying—
 affording as it does many valuable hints to the states
 man and political economist.”
 The Bangor Gazette says—“ An able and certain
 ly original work, from the pen of Lvsander Spooner,
 Esq.—author of that powerful hook which demon
 strated tire uncoostitutionality of American Slavery.
 There is no writer of the age, of logical acumen more
 searching than Spooner.,* This new work is des
 tined to lead to are examination of ail former sys
 tems of political economy.” At first blush his eco
 nomical propositions strike us as sustainable—and if
 they are so, his work w.U prevail, and prodace an
 important revolution in the present prevailing sys
 tem.
 Every one should read h.”
 BELA MARSH, Publisher, Boston.
 Parti. Pries fS Cents.
 r PHE GIRARD LIFE INSURANCE, AN
 -1 NUITY AND TRUST COMPANY of Phila
 delphia. Chartered in 1886 -Charter Perpetual;—
 Capital, R 300.00 W. Richards, Presi
 dent. Continues to make insurance on lives, gram
 annuities and endowments, and accept trusts from in
 dividuals, corporate bodies, and courts of justice,
 and execute them agreeably to the desire of the par
 ties, sad receive deposits of money in trust or oa
 interest.
 The Company add a bourn at stated periods to
 the insurance for life, and oo the 20th of January
 last, an addition waa m*i to all the policies for life,
 remaining in force and issued prior to January Ist,
 1842. smnaaring to 10 per cent, oa the sum insured
 in politics issued ia 1837 7| per east- oa policies
 issued ia 1838, and in rateable proportions according
 to their respective dates.
 Tho chief object of aa insurance for Hie is to pro
 vide a sum of money at the death of dm party insur
 ed, for the benefit of a widow, children, (nesd* or
 creditors; and it wiU be aaea oa examiaaboa of the
 table of rates of the life insurance, which will be
 banished by the subscriber to all who ssay fed aa
 interest ia the subject, that by paying a small sum to
 the often every rear daring his life, a person mayse
 conMflriri* family a very eotmidetable amount at his
 Wherever dm system of Life Issuance is properly
 uadermood, it is extensively adopted, and it# great
 advantages to all, bm more especially to these who
 depend oo their own exertions for the support of their
 families, or who mar he deeirious to secure the pay
 ®eat of a sum of mioey to their friend*, c/edgon or
 duldma, m their daaaaee, which they might ha etb
 erwiaa oaaMa to aecomplmh, that (beope&lt;aiMaofdm
 mstem aaeds hat le ha explained to ooourt the am
 mas coqsaicraiwn of the p«Hh»
 Ia several t—tone— h has hammed that dm mm
 mmrad has die! shortly after hartogpaid ohm
 ar two ismaimsati of die premium, when hie family
 have received ham this often the Ml far
 tfpm of the Girard Ljfa lamnmca Company.
 iSS^hsLL,
 Grant svaet, Pittshargh.
pOST AND WILLIS, Deafen is Dray*. Medi-
 Color.. Brushes mmd Ctemi, Etfcarml OU, Gold
 Laaf aad Fad, Ac. Ac.
 Bern* A rents for moat of the celebrated Family
 aad vJuuhfe Patent Medicines, a mi ratalvmf ike
 samedtrecth from the Manufacturers o» their Aerate,
 they are enabled to randy all order, at wholesale
 retail, on the most favorable terms.
 Boneofwhae Books, Msdicfaas, aad Family
 Cases, with full directum*. Only agents far West
 ern Newr York.
 Also. Sherwood’s Vikressry Mf stir Mnthinaa,
 with directions.
 Phosgene Gas also Ftheriai OH aad Lamp, for
 Nrmng the sa r Those wtm would eon suit eco
 nomy and convent- »oe are invited to examine these
 I .amps. The attention of Country Merchants, Phy
 sminra. Families, and others, wishing goods in the
 above Use, is requested at the APOTHECARIES’
 HALL, 4, Exchange Street.
 OWEN MORRIS’ CITY BINDERY
 05t»KR THF NCSECe—late FISHER A MORRIS.
 MR. MORRIS was in the employ of Mr. Marcus
 Slone for seven years, and dating that time
 procured for him three Silver Medals, for the best
 saecanens of Book Binding, exhibited at the Me
 chanics’ Fairs held ia this city and Bufelo.
 Gentlemen’s Libraries fitted up and repaired
 Music Paper ruled; Music and Periodicals bound
 and finished to anv pattern. Blank Accoant Books
 executed at this establishment have given unequalled
 satisfaction, by their durability and elegance. Strict
 attenteoß is always paid to rite quality ©f paper used,
 to render them equal to the beet ia the United States
 or those imported.
 Ladies’ Scrap and Guard Books, Albums and
 Portfolios, in aJ their varieties, manufactured to,
 order in the best style.
 Banks, Institutions, Societies, Ac., may be
 assured of work being done an the asost advantageous
 terms.
 Gentlemen residing at a distance, by packing and
 forwarding VOhunrt to the above directions, statins
 price and sfgie, may rely upon their being well bound
 on the moat favorable terms, also carefully and
 punetnallv returned.
 N.B. The proprietor has spared no expense in
 fitting up the establishment, and introducing into
 Western New York the latest impsevearants ia
 Beak Binding.
 ©WEN MORRIS,
 City Bindery, under the Museum.
 i
 PRINTING PAPER AGENCY*.
 WE are Agents for the Buffalo Paper Mills,
 where Paper of the best quality is made from
 pure spring water, very white and smooth. A sup
 ply of News and Book Paper kept constantly for
 sale by us, at Mill prices, in large or small lots.
 Any size and quality of Paper not on hand, fur
 nished at short notice.
 Printers and others will do well to call and exam
 ine the quality and price, at No. 6 Exchange st.
 FISHER A Co.
 jy2l Booksellers and Publishers.
BOSTON ADVERTISEMENTS.
CLARKSON,
 LONDON EDITION—WITH PORTRAIT.
 A FEW copies of CLARKSON’S HISTORY
 OF THE ABOLITION OF THE SLAVE
 TRADE, with prefatory remarks on the subsequent
 abolition of Slavery; a beautiful London edition,
 with a fine Portrait of the Author, done on steel, —a
 book which could not lie imported for less than three
 dollars, can be had at 21, Conihill, if applied for
 immediately, at the very low price of One Dollar.
 cash. Also, EULOGIUM ON CLARKSON, by
 Alexander Crummell, at the reduced price o!
 twelve and a half cents.
 ROBERT MORRIS, Jr., Attorney and Coun
 sellor at Law, Brazer’s Building, State Street.
 MACON B. ALLEN, Attorney and Counsellor
 at Law, Massachusetts Block.
 BOYS’ CLOTHING.
 SAMUEL WILSON, 10, Brattle Street, bavint
 made recent additions to his stock, is prepared tc
 furnish BOYS’ CLOTHING, of as good materia
 and fit, and at as cheap prices, as can be obtained in
 tlie city.
 NEW ENGLAND SECOND HAND
 CLOTHING STORE,
 No. 56, Union Street, Boston.
 JOHN WRIGHT keeps constantly on hand a
 great variety of New and Second Hand Clothing.
 Goods of all kinds, such as old clothes, W. I. goods,
 Watches, Boots and Shoes, Ac., exchanged for new
 clothing. Cash advanced on all kinds of goods,
 from one to one hundred dollars.
 JOHN D. RUVALEON, Hair Cutting Saloon,
 and Per'n n* ry Fmjorium, 114, Blarkstor.e-st.
NEW BOOKS.
 FOR SALE at the Anti-Slavery Depository, 21
 Cornbill—namely,
 The Libeity Bell for 1843. A few copies remain.
 Life of William W. Brown, 2d Edition, with addi
 t tional matter and new engravings. Price, bound,
 l 87| cts; in paper covers, 25 cts.
 JVlr. 8 hack ford’s Appeal in regard to the War with
 f Mexico, 12J cts.
 position and Duties of tlie North, with regard to
 i* Slavery. By Andrew P. Peabody. Sets.
 &amp;ix Months at Gradenberg. By Henry C. Wright.
 Dick Crowningshield, the assassin, and Zachary
 Taylor, the Soldier; the Difference between
 them. By Henry C. Wright. Sets, single; 25
 cts. per doaen.
 THOMAS r. SMITH, No. 39, Brattle Street,
 sign of the Golden Ball. New and Seeond
 hand Clothing Store.
 ISAAC H. SNOWDEN, Book, Newspaper, and
 Fancy Job Printer, Q, Water Street.
 83- All orders promptly attended to, and neatly
 executed.
Tbe Massachusetts Quarterly Review,
 COMMENCED on the first of December, 1847,
 to be continued on tbe Ist of March. June, and
 and September. It will he devoted to the interest
 of no party or class, but its conductors will endea
 vor to present an open and fair field for the notice
 and discussion of matters pertaining to Philosophy,
 Politics, Literature, Religion, aod Humanity.
 Tbe Review will be conducted by R. W. Emer
 son, Theodore Parker, and J. Elliot Cabot, assisted
 by several other gentlemen.
 Each number will contain about 125 pages, at the
 price of £3 a year, in advance.
 Communications, subscriptions, Jtc. should be
 addressed to ths Publishers,
 COOIJDGE k WILEY,
 12, W atcr Street, Boston, i
NEW YOKE ADIERTINE.HE.\ TS.
FREE PRODUCE STORE.
 NEW GOODS just recived. General reduction
 in prices.
 Fine 4-4 Prints, various styles.
 New styles of Prints of me.man quality, emal width.
 Fme and and* Paper Mediae. Aim Colored
 Cambrics.
 Curuun Calico. Superior fine Chintz Umbrellas.
 Oil Cloths.
 Satinets, good and cheap. Also on hand, mostly at
 reduced prices. Ginghams, carious qualities and
 styles.
 Fine and heavy Shirting, Sheeting*, and Pillow
 Muslins.
 Striped Cambrics. Fine 4-4 Plaid Masha.
 Muslm de Lame, plain aad neatly figured, all wool.
 Linens, warranted free from cotton.
 Ftenants 4-4 food aad price low. Cantoa 4amsi*,
 white aad colored.
 Table Diaper aad Clothe, of different styles.
 Aproa aad Fa-mare Cheek. Cotton Hasith—shii-fa.
 Cotton Twilled Pantaloon Stuffs. Also Liam
 Drilling, far.
 Loog and half Hone, fine aad heavy.
 Knitting Cotton, various Noe., bleached.brown,aad
 colured.
 Wadding, white aad colored Cotton Laps. Also,
 B*finod Leaf, Crushed, aad Pulverised Begar.
 Brown Sugar, good quality, of various grad—.
 The whle stock exclusively Free Labor Gauds,
 *hMh the fWwcriber would iavre Urn sttaetiua
 of country merchants, well as hu friends aad the
 public generally.
 Much par— u takes by dm Msaapen of the F#aa
 Produce Association, to assist the Subscribe# in a—
 mm the assortment from time to turn.
 GEORGE W. TAYLOR,
 Northwest corner Fifth aad Cherry-ms.
 Philadelphia 2d mo. Ist. 1848. tf
JUST PUBLISHED, ami far safe a» ft* often el
 of the Aati Slavery SuaW
 The Lsfinu of Liberty, aad Form of Troth, 14th
 adaino.
 This work '--•ntaiso about 294 pages of do—
 readiag; 3)0 r -uaent authorities, and afro— sixty
 ifaa—if* oofmvmgs. Price 3B| eta. ia mufta,
 aad 24 cents la paper covers. Av— y liberal die
 ornM to tho— oho p— dm— s ne übor of cepfaa
 Dm Cimllama. Idk—«&gt; Sight*, aad Appeal ot
 Weatea.frum vanw— authors, 121 ntpu.
 Letter to the People of the Uartod Woe, tow-fcffq
 SSTPrim 14| -JP T^,,lfln
 W. Brnwa’t Lectara befara the Famale A. 8
 ■2*ls y—» Ww- Mtaafttd hy H. M
 Fafth—m, B—tm- pytt Enetfcmfa.
pHIUF WHITE, Druggist, corner of Freak
W'S^LT 0 8 w
 M’CUNE SMITH, ft, Worn Broad-
 T Stegeote-Paatoat, Iflfr,
 A i Broadway.
JOSEPH C. HOLLY, Boot aad Show x-v
 No. 97, Cranker} Street, Brooklyn.
 N.B. Repairing neatly executed at the shortest
 aotke and oa the moat raw.suable terms.
YITM. H. TOPP, Merchant Tailor, 64$ Broad-
 c
 Albany, Feb. It, 1848.
GENTEEL BOARDING HOUBF.
 pHARLES HIGHGATE, would retmactfalK i*.
 vAfcttn his fereads and the public, continues
 to devote every aUtaudn to those pleased to favor
 his “home” with a call. The bowse is plsasaaßv
 located at 832 Broadway, Albany.
 Feb. 18, 1848.
WILLIAM RICH, Hair Dressing aad
 Saloon, Troy House, Troy, New Y ork.
 'II,WILLIAM B. LOGAN, Dealer ia Faafcieuublt
 Dedford°° U Sb0 rmh New
 W. B. L. keeps constantly oa hand a good assort'
 ment, aod wiU sell cheap for cash. Strict sttsatmw
 Km to custom-made work, by Messrs. Parker and&gt;
Daguenrian Gallery, 136,
 vV Main Street, Kellogg’. Buildings, Hartford,
 Connecticut.
SORTHAMPTOjTWATER CERE.
 Klectrlcity aad Hydropathy.
 THE gallic are respectfully infoimed, that tinea
 the philosophical deductions of the learned Dr.
 Means, of Emorv College, Ga., and the’scientific
 experiments of Mr. Hrmmer of England,* haw
 recently and indubitably established the fact, that
 the conclusions at which the undersigned arrived by
 the sense of meek, in 1844, are in harmony with
 natural and physiological laws—to wit, that the
 human body, m a healthy condition, is in a potunt
 rUctnoal ttutt, and that the electrical emanations
 from the cuticuhur ttufare, indicate health, or the
 symptoms aad character of disease— there is acme
 reason to hope, that certain physicians, ignorant of
 these principles or natural laws, a knowledge of
 which is essential 1 to the safe and intelligent practice
 of the healing Srt, will cense their vociferation*
 against the fositivk electrical state of ths
 human body, :&lt;nd will hesitate to dissuade those
 whom they have failed to relieve of UfetT complaints,
 from seeking natare’s remedy at rhe Northamp
 ton Water Clre. Thus sustained by the light
 of science, the undersigned may be permitted here
 to repeat his experience, that, in ail ease* where the
 wrist, stomach, or lungs, are in the electro-negative
 condition, the patient is beyond the power of water
 to afford relief. On the other hand, when tbr part#
 of the body alluded to, are in the electro-poeitive
 state, however disarranged, there is ground to hope
 for a cure.
 Had not the results of past years’ practice
 already convinced the public of the safety or truth
 fulness of the principles by which the undersigned ia
 governed, in detecting the symptoms and character
 of disease, and practising the cure, Ike recent scien
 tific demonstration of their correctness, by Professo?
 Means ami Mr. Hemmer, could nut fail to coo vinca
 the most incredulous.
 Gratefully appreciating the credit so generously
 awarded for his success as a Hydropathic Practi
 tioner, by a discerning public, 'and the grit Hue's
 evinced tv those whom he has had the pleasure to
 relieve of their complaints, the undersigned will
 assiduously endeavor to sustain the credit,and nen»
 that gratitude, in the rase of every invalid who may
 afford him an opportunity to effect a cure, by hi»
 original and philosophical method of practice.
 rhe Noitnampton Mater Cure is pleasantly situ
 ated near Bensonvillc, on the west bank of Licking
 Water, or Mill River, al out twu and a half mica
 from the centre of the town. It is conveniently
 arranged, with separate pai for*, I athing and dress
 ing-rooms, for Ladies and Gentlemen, well ventil
 ated and conveniently furnished lodging rooms, and
 a variety of both*, su;plied with water, which, foi»
 abundance, purity, and adaptedness to water-cut#
 pin poses, is unsui parsed by that of any other earn
 rilishment in fhii country. The scenery in ihto
 vicinity is picturesque and romantic. There are
 variety ol pleasant walks, sufficiently retired, to
 allow pHtiend to appear at they •hculd,
 plainly dressed, enjoying their raniblea without
 being exposed to public gate er observation.
 Among the complaints which are here surccsafullv
 treated, are headache, tcmtency of blood to fke heed',
 cold extremities, general and nervous debility, bran
 cliitis, pulmonary affection, liver complaint, jaun
 dice, acute or chronic inflammation ef the bowels,
 piles,dyspepsia, general debility, nervous and spina)
 affections, inflammatory and chionic rheumatism,
 neuralgia, sciatica, lame limbs, paralysis, fevers, safe
 rheum, scrofulous and erysipelas liumoii.
 All patient* who visit this establishment for
 course of treatment, should furnish themselves with
 three comfortable*, three woollen blankets, one or
 two linen and thiee cotton sheets, two pillow case*,
 six or eight crash towels, some well worn linen, to
 cut for fomentations, an old cloak or mantle, an um
 brella, and a pair of slippers.
 Terms for treatment and board are £5 SO tw
 £8 50 per week, payable weekly—washing extra.
 A patient who from choice or the character of hi*
 complaint, occupies a room alone on the third floor,
 Will pay £8 00 per week—on the first and second
 floors, £8 50 per week. Patients requiring extra
 attention or fire in their rooms, (except for swaik
 ing purposes,) will furnish their own nurses and fas),
 or pay an extra price.
 D. RUGGLES.
 Northampton, March 1848.
 N.B. Visitors to the Establishment, from the
 east, west, or south, can lake tire cars of ths Conn.
 River Raihroad at Springfield. Carriages will
 always be in readiness at the Northamptoa depot, to
 convey them hither.
 _ The human blood, in a normal and healthy con
 dition of ths human system, is in a positive state*
 which is constantly maintained hy the activity of the
 generating sources within—an excess generally pass
 ing oil in silence from ths rutieular surface, so that
 (Hit of 356 experiments made by Mr. Hemmer of
 England, upon the uncovered skin,” 322 indicated
 the presence of positive electricity. This surplusage
 of die fluid upon the surface, we believe to be indis
 pensable to the healthful condition of the whol*
 animal economy, and that when, from any cause, is
 ee diminished or ceases, diseased action ensues
 Geoaddress, delivered before the Medical College ef
 V ,h °f session, Nov.
 8, 1847, by A. Means, A.M..M.D., Professor #f
 Chemistry and Prokmor of Physical
 Science in Emory College, Ga., |*ge 28J
ATHOL WATER CfRE.
 V'L ob^ri ber **ave to call t! s attentioa
 JL of Invalids, sspeeially tho- suffering from
 hydropathic —labhei—wet a*
 His b—e wm opened far the reception of patients
 last season, aad it is believed offer* excel—* fatflfi
 tiftft lor ajphilijoofjbic and thorough roarir in hydro*
 pethy. The supply of
 water is ahsndant, aad ht
 P-n.lv has bean pronounced equal to water on a
 distilled.” Ihe location is quite ebgibie, being but
 •hurt distance from the V. fa M. railroad. The
 vicinity abounds in a variety of areaery, naff bu
 chormiug grounds for walks and ramble*. 89 that
 with the water, —liable regimen, moaataia air, aad
 «xrrct—, patients can scarcely fail to ebtaia the
 healthful result* for which they labor.
 The following ease illustrates this reamrk. Mrs
 B„ wife of Deo. 8., of Warwick, Mo—., aged
 about thirty-iv* years, was brought to —a last
 August. Her case prv—tod the folio wit— phsno
 —V *T?*)*J*. left na
 s«|ipo*md, she fanhatrth fall backward to th*
 grouad. If fr*i*« *ell supported, ska made aa
 effbrt to walk, either foot. »hm carried forward,
 yam. H— t—arsnmt corns—aaod dm 14th oi dept.,
 coatmmdto the 25th On. only, wbeVfta
 left, *0 far reeove—d to be able to walk half a
 nuts with —as. Bm— b— —m to her family, she
 h— —lilinaad her twths, with CO—pending m
 provome— to her health. She eov/altendsto her
 d—otsedt—.andsrithdtoaaamtaacoof a smal
 f’ri&gt; &lt;Km the work ft bm family.
 Patients are d—irod 10 bring three comfortables,
 •a* posr ft wool— blankets, one pair of 1 hosts.
 doom lawfas marked, with fad luma MR
 bawifag—.
 Ttfm.fimfattshidofafipiffeA.i—ri*
 *s* WMfci* m rbatm ft tha pans-*.
 1 ham whe am has ptitusto ia tho *electio# of
 r n «l milting ta occapy them ia tnmmf
 SS*** I, OCORGE HOYT.
THE DELAWARE ABOLITIONIST.
 A PAPER ft dm ahem oom* wiU ho ptAHshsd fa
 Wifadagfam, by dm Dsfamew Aati-Bfa-
 Soc—tv. lt wiU bo edited by a Com—. aad oil
 htpfaiHidulaa a half modfam ft— t, tw*aty-#v#
 dovotmPto ad-
