FREDERICK DOUG LAM, 1
 N. R. DELANY, j Karreas.
VOL. I. NO. 85.
Tk« HOKTH IT U la published mrr
 Frilaf, at If*, U, Hatful* htreet,
 (OjlfMb Urn Arced*.)
 TERMS.
 Two dollar* por umo. Ww*f ad*****. No
 t« wcripii i* will ho rsc«ivtd (or a toss ur
 A lfiruM mi o*eor««f ir&gt; d
 (Woo lioM for Ml dollar; «*«*7 B er
 Ini, t*restjr-five c*nU.
 Ta* ofths N'ostb Stas will bo u»attack
 luvut ia all iu fwaa Mpecu; adroeau
 Ufittiui E«*aciP*noa; «ak tfao itandard
 •f Poaiic Moaacirr; prswou tbo and in
 loUtctaal MpniooMt of tbo Cotoaao Paorta;
 aad baa too tbo day of FREEDOM to tbo Taaaa
 Millioxo of oar Emuaao Fattow Coca-
 Varaaa.
 PUBLISHER'S NOTICES.
 Jj* All cookMiicttiow relating to tbo bunmaa*
 m Jitrt of tbo papor, oawe* of oolwcriboni, roaut-
 obooU bo addrooood to Joaa Dic«,
 PoU'itbor.
 ftp* A*e*rt«* sal othera sending nameo, are
 o iikstod to bo accurate, an i sivte the r&gt;A
 bo an 1 Utc State. Each Subscriber is un
 tao iiauly croJite 1 f m mey roceired.
 QCJ“ Any p'rs »n sorulinj in the payment f&gt;w f'Mt
 subscriber*, to be f.awarded to one address* auy
 bare a hfU&gt; co.*y fa one year.
 OtJ* All letters and coaaaaicatioua oust be post
 P«d.
 LIST OF AGENTS.
 MseescausKTT*,—R. F. Wakutt, 21, Cornhtfl,
 Boston; Nal ia i Johnson, New Bedford; H&lt;»ratio W j
 Fost&lt;rr, Low’ll; Ja iirs N". Buffum, Lynn; George
 Evans, Worcester; lUinm Spooner, Plvnouth;
 C laris* 11. Seth, Springfield; David Rujgles,
 Northampton; 11. Carpenter, Lpton.
 Mam*.— Oliver Dennett, Portland.
 Vena out.—Rowland T. Robinson, North Fer
 'cox.vtcTiccT.— Jonathan Leonard, New Haven
 Ne w IliOrstliaE.—Weare Tappan, Bradford.
 N*w York. —Sylney li. Gav, 142, Nassau
 Street; J* ees McCune Smith, 93, West Broadway;
 Foseph Post, Westhary, Qneen Countv; Mary liar-
 per, Alhtnv; Elias Dotv, Mtcedon; Willetu Keese.i
 Pcra, Clinton County; William S. Baltimore, Trov; j
 1. F. Plat, Perm Yan; J. JeTrey, Geneva; E. L. j
 Platt, B uh.
 Rhouk Isla*U.—Amnrancv Paine, Providence.
 P*!*KJTl.va via.—J. M. M’Ki.n,3l, North Fifth
 Philadelphia; G. W. Guinea, 8, Exchange
 Plane, Ditto; H. Vasbon, B. Bown, Pituburg;
 William \Ynipper, Colu tibia; Isaac Roberts, Jacoli
 1,. P,x &gt;n, trristnvn, M rntgoowry County, Milo
 A. Townsenl, New Brighton.
 Ohio.—Christian Donaldson, Cincinnati; G. \V
 Carter, Ditto; Valentine Nicholson, liarveysburgh,
 Warren Couity; Sa nuel Brooke, S tletn.
 Michig a V. —'l *bert Banks, Detroit.
 Ivuiaita.—Joel P. Davis, Economy, Wayne Co.
lEommunication.
paESHSTATION TO THE U. C. A.
 ASSOCIATION, CINCINNATI.
 A beautiful banner was presented to
 the i\ division of the U iit«d Colored
 American Association, Thursday eve
 nt.ig, Juy 2Jih, ISIS, in the New
 Str&lt;!el Cinpel, New sL.Cast &gt;f Broad
 way, in the city of Cincinnati, Ohio.—
 Many hundred* of persons were pres
 ent. A stage was erected; the two
 Divisions, together with the six grand
 oifi -era, weri present, iu full regalia
 Twelve ladies ascended the stage; also
 the six gra td offi ‘.era of tiie Society.—
 Of the ladies, Miss Ann Lee was se
 lected to deliver the address; which
 was dune in a style tinsurpassingly neat
 and eloquent, to which Mr. I W
 Broady, being selected for the occa
 sion, made the following reply, in a
 manner satisfactory and appropriate to
 t te occasion; after which, the Rev. Dr.
 Garry made some very interesting re
 marks, by invitation. The remarks
 were highly appreciated and received
 by the audience and Association. The
 best of order prevailed until the close,
 which was by prayer, by the same.
 ADDRESS BT MISS AMS LEE.
 Gentlemen: We have for some time
 entertained a very high opinion of your
 association, and have been very desir
 ous ever since our knowledge of its
 existence or organization, of present
 ing something as a testim &gt;nial of our
 regard, or as a memorial of our re
 spect. In perusing your constitution
 and by-law's, finding nothing therein
 objectionable, but, on the contrary,
 everything calculated in its tendency t)
 allure and conciliate—to elevate and
 make happy him who ha* or hereafter
 shall become a member of your body.
 We love to cherish and encourage your
 aociety, in consideration of the knowl
 edge of the high and noble, broad and
 fidm basis on which it is founded,
 namely, virtue, equality, union, and
 love.
 Gentlemen, we have watched your
 course; it has been onward and up
 ward. We have highly approved ol
 your acts; and we are happy to say,
 that not in words alone y.iur rapid
 march to elevation has been demon
 strated, but accompanied with deods.—
 Gentlemen, be firm and decided; in
 your judgments be correct; in your
 principles be true; and God grant that
 your feeble efforts may be like the
 bread cast upon the waters, that it may
 be seen after many days.
 Gentlemen of Division No. 2, we
 present to you this banner as a testi
 mony of our regard—as a mem trial ol
 our respect; and when you wield it
 over you, wield it gently in your tran
 sient reign; and oh, when this banner
 it unlurled, let your motto be Freed &gt;m,
 your country the World. Gentlemen,
 in your constitution I see noble acts ol
 benevolence, such as relieving the sick
 and atfltcted, and preparing for the dy
 ing *ad the dead. This, gentlemen, is
 trulv noole; and may you ever go on
 to eoton, and renumber the motto, Not
 w »rd*. but doed*; but be like the go &gt;d
 Sa nintao II to th sicit _» iQV
 totffa brave—*n :eesstu the lover, and
 freed n v&gt; Hie slave. As U »»t *d C &gt;l
 Auiricais, h vari* q ,hon,
 shnuld be the ties, how and ia«
 distalible should be the b»nd 4 thai
 §h»ul 1 unite you; for united yon »tna i,
 divided y »u fall; and as c»bred A no
 ne* h, this being tits Und of youi
 birth, grant that it may be yo U i
 final d ieUntr. Go on then, gentle nan,
 though dufioult it may be, and let Peace
 that sweet messenger, etill wave hoi
 olive breach among you; and me/yoi
THE NORTH STAR.
be ever like the industrious bee—im
 prove jour golden moments, nod event
 uellj in the end mar jou wear jour
 laurels of eictorj. Now seek repose,
 secured bj him who ever With watch
 ful eje, protects all those who on his
 power relj, from hurtful foes.
 Until thoa *akt»t with moruiof'* rmj light,
 Oac* wn I wick jow all (m! sifte!
 REPLT, IT C. W. BfcOADY.
 Ladies: To be chosen to fill so high
 and honorable a position as representa
 tive of the second Division of the United
 Colored American Association, is truly
 flattering; though my greatest fear
 arises from a knowledge of thy power
 delegated to &lt;&gt;ne so incompetent as my
 self to respond, in behalf of said Divis
 ion, to y*ur very kind and talented ad
 dress, delivered pn the occasion of the
 presentation of your splendid banner to
 the fraternity* The scene, indeed, is
 an imposing one; and such is the etno-j
 tion rilling each bosom at this time, that, i
 believe me if I tell you, that our hearts
 with feelings of gratitude are so much
 overcome, that language fails to dc-j
 scribe the myriads of thanks that hound
 from the heart of each member of the
 Association. Amid many discouraging
 suggestions, that would naturally spring
 up in the mind on engaging in an en-i
 terprise also great a cost as the one,
 in which you have been engaged in,;
 compels us, under the present circum
 stances, in ecstacy, to pronounce you
 in labor indefatigable, in zeal untiring,
 in not suffering the present work to
 remain in embryo. Indeed, we believe
 this praiseworthy gift to be but a germ
 added to the fond anticipation of our
 future elevation. It certainly will take
 ages to efface from memory’s page this
 glowing, glittering scene. AVe ask
 your indulgence a few moments, whilst
 we disci *se to you a few thoughts, em
 bodied together, with other sentiments,
 in reference to the worth and character
 of woman.
 We love to muse on the bearing, the
 impression, and the influence your
 present effort will have, not only on the
 present audience, on whose Elysian
 countenance we now gaze—not only on!
 the present fraternity on which you;
 have been pleased to bestow your gift,
 but on the community ai large, working
 as an impetus in our onward march toj
 union and elevation. A certain writer, j
 in his rhapsody, exclaims, Let cynics'
 prattle as they may, our existence here j
 without the presence of the other sex, 1
 would be only a dark and cheerless
 void. The light, the smiles, of wo
 man, .are the b »w of beauty and
 promise, which spans th£ life of man
 from his cradle t toe grave.” Another
 distinguished v f riter, in the rich nnagi-,
 nation of his mind, when reflecting on
 the character of woman, in limpid
 strains of eloquence, pouring from the
 golden vase, formed by his rich irnagi
 tion, sentiments thus written:
 Ilonore'l be woman, she beam* on the
 Graceful anJ fair an a b-itg of light;
 Scatter* around her wherever »he *tray«,
 Roses of bliss o’er our :h jrn-covered ways.”
 In this rare production, we see at once
 a desire evinced on the part of the
 writer to awaken man from his stupor
 of soul—to arouse his languid spirit to
 action, that man might be better quali
 fied to appreciate the worth of woman.
 There is no enterprise in which man
 engages, but wh it the ladies, when
 called on, cheerfully assent to assist, ifj
 it be of a benevolent or charitable
 nature. Hence, we find the features of
 benevolence, virtue and constancy, pro
 minently developed in the character of
 woman.
 When poverty wraps her murky man-
 I tie around us—when sorrow, with all its
 horror confronts us—when friends shall
 have forsaken us, and despair over
 taken us, hope having fled, chaos, with
 its sombre clouds surrounding us—
 then see woman, in all the shining love
 liness of her character, stretching forth
 her hand, alleviating our wants, and
 ndmiuisiering to our necessities. Of
 o j
 woman s noble aud virtuous character,
 1 tame has long since blown her trumpet:
 yea, the names of many illustrious fe
 males have for ages gilded with golJen
 ghtter the pages of history.
 In conclusion, ladies, let me assure
 you tha: your names shall ever be held
 dear and sacred in the memory of the
 fraternity, hoping that we may in the
 future, as apparent to all, we have in
 the past, merit, by our action, the pres
 ent gift—may we not only this, but all
 other encouragements that it may seem
 pleasing in your right to give, in for
 warding us'm in our enhancement, to
 in &gt;unt the rostrum of elevation. Being
 chained together by the law of oppres
 sion, linked together under the law of
 pr iscriptioa, and, too, seeing the rapid
 change now being made in public sen
 timent, as it regards the freedom of our
 nation, then let us hail with joy the day
 when you shall see tills banner, your
 praise worth v gift, unfurled, float iug oo
 the la nbieot wind of heaven; while one
 wearing a badge, the satna as we are
 forced to wear, which is nine less than
 the badge of proscription, be standard
 bearer, now disenfranchised, but then
 free—free! and then may the dulcet
 j &gt;ng he sung throughout every State in
 this Union, and the vast concave echo
 and re-echo the gladsome sound, Ame
 rica ia free! America i? free!
 ctosito itxißts ar rev. dr, ciut
 Ladies and Gentlemen: It is with the
 m »st pleas irable em Hloifs th it 1 have
 witnessed the cerenmnies just gsne by,
 and rise cheerfuily to acknowledge rav
 high satisfaction i i the events whioh
 have keen as interesting as they are
 creditable, as delightful as they are
 heart-cheering. It anything can mar
 the e nxi ws I profess, it U the coo
 sci msnesj of my inability to keep tone
 with what has preceded me. I am
 wont, nevertheless, to seek shelter in
 the very comjUHcnen of that which has
RJOHT is Of NO SEX—TRUTH IS OF HO COLOR-008 IS THE FATHER OF US ALL, AND ALL WE -ARE BRETHREN.
ROCHESTER, N. Y, FRIDAY, AUOUST 25, 1848.
already entertained you. AUuaion has
 been mada to the object of the "United
 Colored American Association, nod
 for the aenie it ban received merited
 commendation. If I unde ret and them,
 (the member*,) their object in the "for
 warding a union of will and ioterest, in
 mutually assisting, aiding and relieving
 each other.*’ The history of mankind
 plain!/ shows that the idea or motto,
 sell'," U inscribed upon the secret
 banner" of ua all, and the mind’s e/e
 ever keeps in view the engrossing idem!
 From the da y the might/ hunter com
 bated with the beast of Ibe forest, so as
 thereby to reoder himself efficient for
 those daring exploits, whereby he
 sought to place in subjection his fellow
 men—&gt;l say, from that period until this,
 man has been wont to secure his own
 aggrandisement, at the expense of his
 brother; and depredatioaf everywhere
 abound, urged by the motto—" salt"
 Thus has the law of sweet reciproci
 ty" been well nigh abrogated forever!
 A high necessity therefore exists for
 these fraternal organizations, wherein
 the law of love and brotherly sympathy
 might be reviewed in all its practical
 importance.
 l am aware that the reformist con
 tends, —"The Christian system is in
 itself complete, and sufficient for all
 eff&gt;rts of benevolence." I admit that
 the theory of the Christian is complete,
 but his practice tarries s far behind,
 that humanity bleeds amid his theology!
 The Christian's theory tells, To do
 good, and to communicate, remember
 not." In this state of religious contra
 diction, no wonder that so many bene
 volent societies have been called into
 being, the existence of which would
 have been entirely unnecessary had the
 practice of the religionist kept tone
 with his theory. In view of this, then,
 I caqnot withhold my commendation
 from this and similar eff &gt;rts, having for
 their benevolent object the-ameliorating
 the ills of suffering humanity; for awe*
 with the religionist who, with the zeal
 of a Paul, coupled with the eloquence
 of an Apollos, lacks the practical sym
 pathy of a good Samaritan!
 The Col &gt;red American Association
 commends itself further in the ultimate
 design of its being, which is the con
 centiating its mjral, intellectual and
 active powers, so as thereby to effect
 tike elevation” of its members. J3y a
 law of mind, the destiny of man is one
 of ascendancy," and os su/*e as this
 evening's business denonstrates your
 elevation,* so certainly will the period
 come when sight, true to her work on
 human reason, will brighten tjie after
 pages of our history, while Irresisti
 ble Truth" make us free indeed! T&lt;*
 effect its end, this ass *ciation promises
 to use all lawful, just and righteous
 means, and that the members thereof
 are not merely in iralists, they
 humbly rely on the Great Author of
 nature for assistance. It is often
 charged to the various benevolent soci
 eties which exist, that they are the
 abodes of infidelity." This charge, as
 dishonest as it is uncharitable, cannot
 be laid to the account of the United
 Colored American Association, for it
 has a theology—and better, it is prac
 tical. Its theology is a belief in the
 Great Author of Nature," to whom,
 holding itself alike subordinate as ac
 countable, it avows the use of no other
 means but such as are lawful, just,
 and righteous. Its practice, mu
 tually assisting, aiding, and relieving
 each other," having for its, ultimatum,
 "Elevation!" For such an associa
 tion, ladies and gentlemen, I feel free
 to express my heart’s desire for its pros
 perity, and to the members thereof, I
 would respectfully offer iny earnest
 sympathy. See t:&gt; it that your prac
 tice ever runs parallel to your theory,
 and you need have no fear; for the
 righteous Lord loveth righteousness;
 his countenance will ever behold the
 thing that is just.
 A word to the ladies: much has been
 said of them by the gentleman wh pre
 ceded me, w ho has to a great extent an
 ticipated my tribute to Woman.”—
 Nevertheless, suffer me thus far. It
 has been iny privilege to see woman in
 various circumstances. I have seen
 her in the torrid, and have neared the
 frigid zone; in every place and in ev
 ery way she appears to my heart 's eye
 a visible angel! the representative ol
 those sent forth to minister!" As
 Yon moving Ump,
 By Jove ordained toy »vem imid,
 Tbe table touch of night,
 in her waning glory i scatters mid
 night’s gloom, so woman, moving in
 her brightness," chases quick and cer
 tain the dark hour of adversity! while
 on the other haod, prosperity abounds,
 her presence renders glorious that
 which already brighteus! At the houi
 "appointed to all the living," she ac
 companies the "wreak man" quite neai
 the verge; and only with reluctance
 leaves her charge when refused admit
 tance into the narrow chamber of th«
 dead." Yes, woman! others may hav&lt;
 monuments erected td their memory—
 thy m moment is in thyself! If mar
 has been formed for intellect, womar
 bears the palm for affection; if was
 for the eff »rts of the head, woman foi
 the sentiment* of tbe heart; if men hai
 been a "lignt" in the intellectual world
 woman is the "glory" of the m wal
 Permit me, in conclusion, to read foi
 you a few bars, which aroee ta mi
 memory this afternoon while musing o
 woman's benevolence.
 ty.ua* t! tot onuses wit of tows to,
 For dm an spirit ho is the tons* tw?
 With tto. rfibrur* life’* a&lt;h Murm,
 By dut U Cijjsa U Jts!
 -fd.sosu.toworMiitirt,
 With etosb spas i thy j .y. to gin*
 Wfcsuvw «o 1, »f ttotot a 4 part,
 Wa tot—with Uns, wa always
 Religion. node filed, bide mm kme aJ
 and overcome evil with good
Selections.
B 7 scarcely neceewry to inform the
 reader tboi the Polity ef ternon to from
 the poo of tbo ftftod Lanutiae. The book
 —of too chapters; tone first published
 to lOl; repoMtohed early the present
 year; and recently translated and published
 in Laodoo. The translator prefixes an in
 teresting memoir of Lamartine. It n oar
 in intention, if passible, to publish the entire
 work in consecutive numbers of the North
 Stir.
 THE POLITY OP REASON.
 re ras ntascTons or tas atm anno*
 rum.
 CHAPTER I.
 Stn: Yotrr letter readied mo to the
 depth of my retreat; but there in no
 longer any retreat to a sympathetic and
 thinking mind, in the laborious days we
 have fallen on. Thoughts general,
 thoughts political, thoughts social, mas
 ter and oppress individual thought.—
 Vainly we wish to lay them aside; they
 are around us, in us, everywhere; the
 air we breathe brings them to us, the
 echo of the entire world brings them
 back to us. In vain we take refuge in
 the silence of the valleys,in the most un
 frequented paths of our woods: in vain
 in our beautiful September nights, we
 contemplate with envious looks that
 peaceful and starry heaven which at
 tracts us, and the harmonious and en
 during order of that celestial army:
 the remembrance of that moral world
 trembling under our feet, the cares ol
 the present, foresight of the future,
 draw us to these heights. We return
 from those dwellings of peace with a
 spirit charged with trouble: a voice
 powerful and importunate, a voice that
 descends from heaven, as it rises Irom
 earth, tells us that this is not a time for
 repose, for contemplation, for Platonic
 leizure; but that ii we will not be less
 than man, we must ascend into the
 arena of human nature, to fight, to
 suffer, and, if need be, to die with it and
 for it.
 You know I did not decline this com
 bat: I presented myself to France with
 the conviction of a duty to fulfil, with
 the devotion of a son: she did not wish
 for tne.* I did not abandon the struggle;
 the struggle abandoned tne Almost:
 alone among the men who have not de
 nivd or resisted the Restoration, I
 •have, to accomplish this Citizen’s and
 Frenchman’s duty, braved the smile of
 pity from our monarchical Machiavels,
 the insult* and menaces of a party
 whose polities pro* naught but hatred,'
 and that style* fibert/, derision of its
 public despotism of place. One man
 saw in me only a weak spirit, which did
 not understand neutrality in times of
 rivalry, or the tact of idleness; anoth
 er, only a too eager placeman,whq was
 "playing off a skilful trick, to share some
 shameful plunder with the victors: oth
 ers, again, only an absolutist in dis
 guise, coming to spread a net for liber
 ty, to trip it up in its road, and to laugh
 afterwards with his accomplices at this
 great cataclysm of modern civilization,
 ending in a coup d etat, for the profit
 of some powerless ordontiance. Thus
 are men judged, while they live, aud
 breathe, and have their being,” in that
 atmosphere of corruption and lies,
 which is called the days of party. I
 remained alone and silent; but alone
 with an approving conscience, with a
 justification in the present, with a future
 that at least will not accuse me! But
 al »ne with you, with so many young
 and sincere men, with so many elevated,
 and rati-mal friends, who have made!
 their political thoughts a sanctuary
 where intrigue and passion may not
 penetrate; who are seeking social truth
 in the light of divine truth; who place
 the morals, the duty, the health and
 I progress of humanity, above their scho-j
 lastic theories and their family aifec-i
 tions; who have in their hearts some
 thing beyond their own names; who
 comprehend humanity in all its epochs,
 uuder all its forms, even in all its
 transformations; spirits marching apart
 from, but before their generati ms, like
 the column of fire before the army ol
 Moses; veritable, thinking majority of
 this age, who will leave, perchance,
 merely a luminous trace when all this
 desert shall have been passed through,
 when all the dust shall have fallen
 i again.
 In your letter you ask of me two
 things; personal co-oneration in the
 journal you are establishing, and ray
 opinion on the political principles it
 should admit and propagate.
 As to co-operation, it is with regret
 (that 1 am obliged to answer, N&gt;. J
 have never written in any journal;—l
 will never write in a journal for which
 I am u*&gt;t solely responsible. Do not
 perceive in these words a auperb dis
 dain of what is termed journalism. Far
 i from it; I have too intimate a knowl
 t edge of my epoch to repeat this absurd
 nonsense, this impertinent inanity
 ,j against the periodical press; I know,
 I too well, the work Providence baa com
 mitted to it. Before this century shall
 hive run out. journalism will be the
 (i while press, the whole human thought.
 Since that prodigious multiplication art
 1 has given to speech, mohipheation to
 be multiplied thousand-fold yet, man
 r kind will write their book day by day,
 r nour by hour, page by page. Thought
 W iU spread abroad in the world wish the
 rapidity of Kg**! instantly eooceived.
 instantly written, instantly undetefcmd,
 at the extremities of the earth, it will
 speed from pole to pole. Sudden, in
 stant, burning with the fervor of a &gt;ul
 which made it hurst forth, it will be the
 reign of the bWMn word in all ha pie
 Tjz?? agA* a'gtfgfc.
 ■ton”—Ta-t
nitude; it will ant litre lo ripen,
 to accumulate into the fora of a book:
 the book will arrire too late. The only
 book possible from to-day, is a news
 pap r: thus it is not, with toe, con
 tempt of this necessary form of publi
 cation, of this democracy of speech
 no, k is a religious respect for my poli
 tical conviction; conviction, strong,
 absolute, entire, which I could not as
 sociate to other's convictions without
 altering it, frequently without changing
 ita nature, may be. Association, so
 useful for ection, is of ao value for
 speech. Consolidation of thought is
 whet a mind, independent and con
 vinced, accepts least: each thought is
 a whole, whereto it caonot be added or
 retracted, without altering ita nature.
 It is moral unity.
 As to tka high political direction, of
 which you sod your friend* have so
 happily and courageously scaled the
 ascent, in the Correspondence,—-here
 are the principal moral, historical, and
 philosophical considerations which
 would trace it out before me, had I the
 power and talent to co-operate with you
 in your social labors.
 cßArrta n.
 When a man wishes to embrace in
 his views a wider horixon, he mounts
 an eminence proportioned to the disco
 very be wishes to make thence he
 looks down and beholds. So should a
 philosopher do; let us mount these in
 tellectual eminences, whence the eye
 can contemplate the past, command the
 present, and catch a glimpse of the fu
 ture. Let us strip ourselves, in thought,
 of our qualifications; of age, country,
 epoch; of our prejudices, of our hab
 its, of nation and party; let us leave at
 the foot of the mountain those vest
 ments, and those sandals of the day;
 let us reduce ourselves to the nature ol
 pure intellect, and then look forth!—
 That summit, from which man may
 contemplate the route, pnst and future,
 of humanity, is history: that light
 which should illumine this double hori
 zon for his eyes, is morality—that di
 vine day which emanates from God him
 self, and which can neither fail nor mis
 lead! So posted, so lighted, the heart
 righteous, and the eye pure, the philo
 sopher may have the. most complex so
 cial problem presented ttf him; he will
 solve it; he wifi solve it with a meta
 physical precision, all to some acci
 dents, to some ages of error in the du
 ration of social phases, of which Pro
 vidence reserves to itself the secret.-
 Sublime prophet of reason, he will in
 dite the history of the future! That
 problem, avents have placed before us;
 every heart, sounds it in secret, every
 understanding scrutinises it, every
 mouth repeats—Where are we?* whith
 er go we? and wlhat to do?
 CHAPTER 111.
 Where are tee? Not quite at the end
 of time, not quite at the supreme oata
 clism of human societies; not even at
 one of those disgraceful epochs, without
 hope, without issue, where humanity
 crouches in a long and vile corruption,
 and is rotting in its own filth. No: his
 tory and the Gospel in hand, seeing the
 little way man has made, and the im
 mense route opened by human reason
 and the Divine Word to his perfection
 here below, we feel that mankind
 scarce touch their age of reason; on
 another side, placing our hand on the
 heart of social man, feeling that inde
 finable hope beat within;—that virile
 ardor and boldness, that pith of force
 and desire, which decays less than ever
 in our epoch;— listening to his hardy
 words, his ventursome promise,alarmed
 even at the superabundance of energy,
 which makes him revolt at all rein,
 which dashes him against every obsta
 cle—we feel that the vital principle in
 human nature is far from being weak
 ened. Man is young; his social form
 is old, and is falling into ruius: immor
 tal chrysalis, he is laboriously issuing
 from his primitive covering, to assume,
 the manly gown, the form of his matu
 rity. Behold the truth! We are at
 one of the strongest epochs the human
 race has to cross, to advance towards
 the end of their divine destiny—at an
 epoch of renovation and social trans
 formation, similar perhaps to the gospel
 era. Shall we get over it without per-
 i*hing? without some geaerati ms being
 buried under the rubbish of a pass,
 which breaks diwn? without an age or
 two being lost in an atrocious and ster-,
 il© contest? That’s the question: be-&gt;
 fore the 27th of July, ld3o, it was
 solved: the bndge was thrown across
 the abyss, which separates the past
 from the future. The Restoration had
 received froui on high the loveliest and
 holiest mission that Providence could
 assign to a royal race; the mission
 Moses received—to conduct France,
 that vanguard of modern civilization,
 out of the land of Egypt, out of the
 land of despotism, of privilege, and of
 boodage. The race did not compre
 hend it thoroughly; the suicide of July,
 so harafoi to the preeent, was the mur- j
 der to the future. The race of St.
 Louis, like the prophet of Sinai. per-!
 ishud for their doubts, before touching!
 the Land of Promise; but we, genera
 tion inodoent of this fault, shall wo see j
 it, ere we die?
 Wiat they Sit foe.— A Quaker
 who was exam*nod before court, not
 using any other laaguage than “thee,
 “tboa,'* and “friend," was asked by!
 the presiding judge, "Pray Mr.— d
 you know what we sk hers for? Vea, j
 verily, do I, said the Quaker, “three of
 you for two dollars each a day, aud the
 fat eoa ©A the right, for one thousand
 dollars a year.
 Advice, says Coleridge, is like saow
 —the softer it falle, the longer k dwells
 upon, and the deeper k sinks ini* the
 lists -1
•FBBCH or JOIHVi B.GIDDIMI
 at Ik BUFFALO COHTBirriO.I.
 Mr. Ginwitos hiring been loudly
 and repeatedly called lor, cane forward
 amidat the moat deafening applauee and
 •poke as follow*:
 Friend*, countrymen and fellow citi
 zens: 1 know of no subliaer spectacle
 that could be presented to the eye ol
 the Patriot, Statesman, nr lover of man
 kind, than to see a people assembled in
 mighty Convention, for the maintenance
 of their own unalienable rights; and
 when my Reverttcd friend here made
 such beautiful allusion to that venera
 ble statesman, who has lately taken his
 departure from this to a brighter world,
 lay heart involuntarily resp &gt;nded amen
 to the sentiment ba ezpressed. I firm
 ly believe, that could that old man
 eloquent,” that mighty and irresistible,
 champion ofhaman rights from early
 youth to extreme age, have lived to see
 this day, he would have said like him of
 old, Now, Lord, let thy servant de
 part in peace since mine eyes have seen
 thy salvation."
 Fellow cit zens, that venerable
 statesman and patriot first called my at
 tention to the usurpations of that power
 which now threatens to engulf your
 liberties. He hss tskea his departure
 from the scenes of political discord and
 strife, and it has been left to another
 generation to maintain the rights which
 he labored during his whole life to es
 tablish in perpetuity for the enjoyment
 of yourselves and your offspring. That
 beautiful allusion, made in the prayer
 to which you listened this morning,
 to the Pilgrim Fathers who were tem
 pest tossed upon a wintry and storm
 ridden sea, as they fled from political
 oppression at home, and sought to es
 tablish this ever living principle of
 mao’s unalienable rights upon the
 shores of Massachusetts, reminded me,
 that in that same year—yes, fellow citi
 zens, in that same year that our Pilgrim
 Sires landed upon those inclement
 shores, a Dutch ship, freighted with
 humanity made merchantable by the
 superior fraud and powers of piratical
 dealers in human flesh and blood, land
 ed upon our coast at Jamestown, in
 Virginia. Yes, the element of slavery
 and degradation was established in the
 same year that our Pilgrim Fathers es
 tablished Human Liberty upon the wild
 New England shores. And these an
 tagonistic principles have been spread
 ing and widening, and pushing out, and
 bearing fruit from that day to the pres
 ent. And while New Eugland ha* been
 with devotion to her country, her God,
 and to mankind, endeavoring to extend
 hen principles of liberty, Southern
 States have been*eagcrly and ‘tnctgs*-
 ically engaged in extending and per
 petuating Human Degradation and
 ‘Slavery. And that institution existed
 when it was first brought upon the
 southern shores of these States precise
 ly as it is now sought to be established in
 California and New Mexico. It was
 established there by force of the physi
 cal and intellectual auperiority of the
 whites over the colored race. In vio
 lation of Heaven’s high decree, the
 white-man seized his fellow colored
 man and compelled him to submit to
 his will. That state of degraded Afri
 cans existed for years with no other law
 to sustain it than now exists in New'
 Mexico and California.
 He who reads the history of our
 country, a&lt;*d especially that portion of
 it which relates to the introduction, es
 tablishment, and extension of the heav
 en-defying institution of Slavery, will
 understand the deep-laid schemes of
 southern Statesmen to establish Slave
 ry in New Mexico by the entire absence
 of legislation upon the subject. Leave
 the slaveholder to convey his slaves
 there, let him but once gain a foothold
 there and by force of superior intelli-i
 gence and power; by the bowie-knife,
 the scourge, the whip and the dread in
 struments of torture, he will establish
 slavery there unless prevented by the
 law.
 John C. Calhoun is too deep read a 1
 man, he is too well vern d in all the in
 fernal measures of fraud, force and du-j
 plicity by wnich slavery encircles its
 victims in its deadly folds, and enlarges
 its borders, and strengthens its powers,
 to lie induced by any means whatever,
 to give his support to any movement j
 that would in the least militate against
 his dirltng institution; and 1 tell you
 that the late Compromise, as it has been
 called, was a deep-laid scheme of those
 whose invention never fails them, to'
 entrap you into the support of Slavery
 in New Mexico and California.
 Fallow citizens, Ido rejoice to-day,.
 to see the people come up here from
 the various States of this Union, north
 of Mason and Dixon’s line, and thank
 G‘k), some south of it, in the spirit of
 devotion to maintain the self-evident
 rights of man for which our forefathers
 bled during the revolution. 1 can only
 •ay to you fellow citizens, that if you»
 expect to be instructed by my remarks
 to-day, yow will be disappointed. 1 see
 none before me but patn »U, friends,
 and philanthropist* who wish to cheer,
 me op ip my work. 1 know not how to
 meet such I hove not been used to it.
 1 tell you I miss my sword. I know
 not how to jgset you to-day as friends,
 for I here nit been accustomed to each,
 and while I lyyucs with joy unuttera
 ble, 1 M ampp hpared to give utterance
 to the sentiments of my heart.
 My friends, I know 1 have before me
 here members of all the political par
 ties. £A voic have been. I I thank
 my friend for the words/ I will
 write it down in my book. I say then
 I see before me men who bate beee
 members of all the political parties of
 the day.' Men wo supported
 Clay, sod Jackson. Adsme, sod
 Taylor perhapa. Men have auo
 portod Cnsa OC«*rm «na think*
JOHN DICE,
-WHOLE NO—Bs
of supporting him now. [Vo Wei
 1 will speak of him aa of the other*.
 oo« who baa been. I say fellow *iti
 xana, that when 1 come here and met t
 men ready to carry into practical life
 the principles of ’76, I can extend tha
 band of Fraternity’* to them i feci
 that I am meeting friends, patriots uhj
 are willing to make sacrifice for iho
 maintenance of thoaeholy principles.
 Of General Casa I will not speak.—
 He has been a political opponent c-f
 mine, and is now. Of General Taylor
 1 can only remark, that 1 know not
 enough of him to say aoy thing in hix
 farororto speak evil of him. I can
 only speak of his principles and those
 of tha old Whig party. I sav to you I
 now stand where I rtood in '44. I wish
 to repeat what was turn often and de
 liberately asserted to be the principles
 •ftha whig party.- Aside from the
 Tarif, and other principles of tht: cam
 paign, we know that non-extension of
 Slavery was the issue. May God for
 give you Locofocos for your conduct
 then. I cannot do it. That was tno
 issue on which we joined battle under
 our old beloved and gallant leader.-
 Would to God we had such a leader
 now. Henry Clay laid it down in his
 letter at that time, that non-extension
 of Slavery was the ninth article in the
 whig creed. Do you remember that,
 friendsof General Taylor? [Vos
 Henry Clay re-asserted this principle.
 [A voice, tell us something about
 Mat Van Buren.”] I will attend to
 him by and by, when I will do ban jus
 tice. Henry Clay made that declara
 tion, and is there any one here who de
 nies it? [No.] Now you who support
 General Taylor, dare you come up to
 it? If you dare not, you have fled front
 the platform on which you then stood
 Can a man make General Taylor as
 sert what Henry Clay proclaimed m’44
 Henry Clay boldly put foith his senti
 ments, and his honesty and fairness
 brought his downfall. The slave pow
 er wrote on his wall the prophecy,
 Mene, Tekel, Upharsin.” Thou ait
 weighed in the balances and found
 wanting. Henry Clay was donated
 in the Philadelphia Convention on ac
 count of that declaration. He lies low,
 smitten down by the ruthless slavo
 power, which has never spared any
 however exalted, whom it suspected of
 a willingness to recognize the princi
 ples embodied in the Declaraiion of In
 dependence. Well, geutlemcn, you
 all know that I opposed Martin Van
 Buren with all my powers. I left no
 stone unturned in ’44, to defeat his
 election. Martin Van Buren rejected
 Texas in *Q7. She was then at wa
 wilh Mexico. In ’44 the. alavtii. Idm
 of MtsApwppi interrogated turn up*
 this subject, which rffokthem, wft* th#
 transcendent question of all others r ami
 he declared hjs opposition to tin* An
 nexation of Texas, in ‘44. This is n
 matter of truth and of history, and I
 declare it to be the brightest spot in his
 political life. There was in that act a
 perfect consistency and a perfect adap
 tation to his present position as 1 under
 stand it. You will understand that I
 am not an advocate of Martin an Bu
 rfcn for the Presidency. He is not my
 choice, but if be shalltbe the faiil^se
 lected candidate of this Convention*
 then, I say I shall be for him. If not,
 then I say lam against him. Whoev
 er is put forth, I will regard as my po
 litical brother, and 1 will sustain him
 as such.
 J. C. CALHOUN ON THE IIECLAR
 ATION OF INDEPENDENCE.
 In a recent speech in the Senate,
 Mr. Calhoun gave a philisophical I a-ny
 an the rights of man. He thinks that
 all the revolutions of the last half
 century, have arisen firm the fa!*** as
 sumption that all men air created rguul.
 Mr. Calhoun has a ditficult ta-k before
 him, if he expects to persuade the
 world that their best imeici&gt;t will be
 promoted by adapting the policy'of
 South Carolina, where the low own ihc
 many, and one man thinks for them all.
 We give the following extract
 It is the leading cause among fhogo
 which have placed Kurope in its pres
 ent anarchical condition, and which
 mainly stand in the wav of reconstruct
 ing good Governments in the place of
 those which have been overthrown,
 threatening thereby the quarter ol tho
 globe most advanced in progress ui.d
 civilization with hopeless anarchy, u
 be followed by military despotism. Xor
 are we exempt from its disorganizing
 effect.
 We now begin to experiett'*'? fr.d
 danger of admitting so gnat an error
 to have a place in the declaration of
 our independence. For a long tune H
 lay dormant, hut in the process of
 it began to germinate ar.d pr. dti&lt; im
 poisonous fruits. It had strerg h Id
 on the mind of Jefferson, the author of
 that document, which caused hint to
 take an utterly false view of ihe .-&gt;.l in
 ordinate relation of the black to the
 white race m the south, and to h-!d, in
 consequence, that the latter, though
 utterly unqualified to posses* liDe.iy,
 were as fully entitled to both librr.y
 and equality as the former, and that 'j
 deprive them of it was unjust s»d
 morel. To this error his proposition t
 exclude slavery from the territory nor* b
 west of Ohio, mar be traced, and to
 that the ordinance of IT“7, ard through
 H the deep and dangerous agitation
 which now threaten* lo engulph. and
 will certainly if c t speedily
 settled, our political institutions, ami
 iovolra the country m counties* *oes
 EecMLiTv.—Roller says; JLei h a
 who expects one class in society to
 prosper to the highest cieg-ee while
 others ere in distress, try nether uo
 side of bis fiee oen sonic while the other
 is pinched.
