Notice.
 THE CAM..
 Ti’:: 7nr: \	 nation vi, convex*
 T, N or CO!X&gt;RF.D FkEEMF.N of tht
 1 :d iStv*. trill hi,d in Clcv cla.nd,
 U, c .OTtieseicg on WxmtttDAY, the sixth
 day of sepr&lt;3:n!x*r nest.
 Lei the Ooioroi Frzenaen all rally to tfcii
 naportmt gathering.* Taw la a ct:s:s, and
 somsthtng we must and w;u, do!
 We hope to s.*e the East, North, South
 and West, come up in one mights-, unbfukcr
 phaUirx. to do battlt for God and nutbsmty!
 Signed, by request of Illinois, Indians,
 Mcfiign, a:.J Ohio, (the Western parts el
 .Sf’-v York and Peanavi'.'itiiabcioi? ready.)
 M. R. DELaNY.
 Hamilton, Ohio, June 6,1549.
 FT? Mystery, snd all friendly papers, pleast
 copy.
 Gcrrit Smith on the Buffalo Convention,
 PrTimnoßO, August 15, 1343.
 J. K. Ingalls, t.'Utor of the Landmark
 Nt: *v Vor k
 Mv os\r Si?.,—l have your letter. 1 ha&lt;
 learned, before receiving it, of the report u
 Hiiffalo, during the late Convention there
 th3t 1 wr&gt;s :n favor of the nomination of Mr
 an Buren, and would vote for him.
 1 iiardty need ray, mat I am deeply inter
 fated in ihe present movement agamst tin
 *-v.-'-,a r» of slavery and tint I L.finiiel;
 1 r der toe e’ection of the candidates, who ar
 m i-tified \snh it, to the election of the Wfcq
 an 1 D j.mocaiie candidate*. G?n. Taylor ar.&lt;
 Gen. Cass are pmalavery candidates. Mr
 an Huren and Mr. A lams are aniisiaver
 candidates. '1 tie former am the sin moles
 touis of the slave-power. The latter bra veil
 resist it.
 It t-i true, tba% among all the persons
 whom there was the least reason to be!iev&lt;
 the Buffalo f’onventio'i would nominate fo
 I‘rcsi lent, Mr. V'i:s Huron was my preference
 ile w is mv pref’renco, because 1 believed h&lt;
 w ould obtain a inueii larger vote than anv o
 the others; and, that bis nomination wouh
 go much farther than that of any of the other:
 toward hr. akiug up the great political parties
 which, along wall the great eeelesiastica
 part: m, ar.* the chief shelters and props o
 slavery.
 Hut, it .s not true, that I shall rote for Mr
 an Buron. 1 rv.n into for no man for Presi
 d'ji.t ol the t nitod States, who is not at
 a lolitiomst; for no man, who votes for slave
 holders, or for those, who do; for no man,
 whose understanding and hcait would noi
 p not him to u-o the oflice, to the utmost,
 f r the abolition of slavery. And, Jet me
 here confess, that I am not of the number
 oi who believe, that the Federal Gov
 ernment has no higher power our s!a\crv
 ’ban to abolish it m the District of Columbia,
 a id to ab »hsh the inter State traffic in human
 h-i igs. 0:i the contrary, 1 claim, that this
 (XiventPtent lias power, under ihe Con&amp;titu
 !i m, to abolish every part of American
 Slavery, whether wjtrioui, or within, the
 •&gt;tat ,s, and mat it is superlatively guilty
 again-t Go 1 and man fir refusing thus to use
 i lie still tugiiiT ground do 1 take, that.(
 no man is fit fur President of iha United
 States, v f'O -o v ot scout too iuea oi the
 f.0.-s.h; i; v or j ru;:\r; ;n unn. and who docs,
 i*ot insist, t.hat si ivory is as utterly incapable
 Jegalizaiioo, as is murder itself. Why is;
 it not Is it not as had us murder Is not,
 uni -ed, murder itself one ol the elements in
 Hint matchless compound of enormous crimes 7
 li not strictly that, it is, at least, a part of
 jts necessary operation. The murder —the!
 •b-thct. tcci.i aal murder—&lt;*f s'-ivrs occurs
 daily in tins land. Why should it not,!
 reoiiig, that it is unpunt&amp;hed True there
 are laws ajain-i it. But, laws fur putting a
 man to dram :&lt;&gt;r doing uhat lie will with
 t 1 whom tfie laws themselves reduce tin
 more chattels—laws I.»r ucstioying a man
 juH 1 lie hs destroyed things —do. ol
 course, remain unexecuted, lienee, there l
 i uould be no surprise v that, from the day tliu,
 Nation came into being until the present day, I
 no white man has, in any one of the South* j
 ern Slates, been put to death, under the laws, j
 for the murder ol a slave.
 Laws are lbr the infection of rights. That i
 1=1)0 law, winch, like Hie enactments for!
 slavery, is for the destruction of rights. Ajtd,
 y-n. our Judges s:t in Court, and wait pa-I
 tt iti’v on the lawyers, who are angaged-inj
 hunti ig up authorities for slavery—in hunting
 up iUthoiities, not tor the comparatively pettvi
 enm of sheep, or hors*, stealing, but for!
 »ie unsurpassed crime of man stealing. Ouf
 c ■lightened post.iuv wiil wonder, that we:
 fbou d have called sychaCourt of Justice":
 and ihay will wonder, that our Judges.
 tiiM.enl of exerc sng such patience toward
 these lawyers, did not commit them to prison
 “t &gt;r contempt of Court.” But, our enlight
 ened posterity w ill have no cause to wonder j
 7 o: characteristically light respect for law.|
 Jo: w by should it bo expected, that a people,
 shou! i manifest a duep and devout regard for j
 law, who are patient under the attempt, and
 ov rt unite in the. attempt, to clothe with the!
 obhgatmn and sacredness of law such an:
 ahomii-ation, as slavery?
 W hilat on the topic of slavery, I will add,
 that no man is fit for President, whos3 heart I
 bar, not welcomed the doctnue of the human!
 brotherhood, and the doctrine of the perfect
 e.iualtty of ail men, in both their political and,
 eneial rights. He, who would 10b colored
 persona of the right of suffrage, or make
 their complexion a bar to the equality of their
 r:gh's with whue persons, in the school, oi
 the h mse of worship, or elsewhere, is not
 worthy to be a civil ruler. From such a one
 impartiality toward all, who cooia under h:s
 rule, :s not to be expected.
 Severe as thesa tests of fitness for civil
 ft lfive may ba in the esteem of many, they
 ne, Acv.‘rth:-lesB, r.ot new. The Liberty
 Party acknowledged them, and contended fur
 tn»*m. u ,;:i ihe last year, when the great
 tnajui ty of u s rnamb rs adopted the policy »&gt;l
 for the Piesidency a gemleman.
 ho, gr. at .s is lus worth, and rapid as is his
 ptogresa in untislavery truth, isad uever given
 eviJcnog o| holding a single one of the dis
 g .ijl.ing doctrines of the Libery Party.
 In idopim'T that unprincipled a.id ruinous
 P’*' tcv, they, manttimtlv, abandoned these
 t'-i:.-, o), n i..i,, r v p, rtv And,
 now, m taking up Mr. Van Buren, they are
 10. a. iig 1... s a U i.lli.illwllt U.IU Hit
 ennby oi no new, &amp;r.d no grea f wrong, his
 n greiter viola’ii nof Limrty Party j rinc-pes
 to nominate Mr. Van B.ireu* than it was to
 nominate Mr. lla’e —and they, who swung
 11. ir ha’s over Mr. Hales n-inuiution, a^e
 fu .tv of r;o incons.stercy in swinging tiiem
 over Mr. Van Buren'*. Mr \an Buren
 would be no quicker than Mr. Hale to r.se ,i
 the cm-geuf rtpretoung the unpopy’ ar and
 revih*d doctrines of the Liberty Party. The
 r pro.ich of these do'tunes. and ot member
 s.,i;i m th 3 Liberty Party, the one would *hun.
 a- jnickiy as the other, iaut, tnanks to out
 Heavenly Kef per, tne Ltuerty Party is, oi&gt;;
 y-t. deserted by a 1! its ...em ers. A t. a- «,j
 them remain, to preserve its name, and '.pholij
 e J honor tl» pruiC'j les. Moreover, mmv ot
 t;i se. vvf;o, tivoir impatience for
 tu ibir* and resell* hw* torwksiWt, will, ere
 i., returu lifil. l*Kd!r delasidd \itfl s*-on
 6( a ue if'.: and iht-ir r«.UMribared t hAckSiic
 i.v 5 a ]i out serve to rca tacii them the cneja
 cin v to the”truths t*iey had belayed.
 S o lid 1 e’osr mv letter.itore. I night
 Kiivi: you kinder thcmnpr tf»i! if ’.6 oc
 mo t—bjett of f.ttvcry Oaty, that I reqtrir
 r. i:.&lt;*s&gt; ,n It*® true, th*t
 1o- u ;&lt;edi fv-fi-ydi 'C. v» Uim—Aspr even
 b j. u t *htir.* r atf»Jfsv#f4..tiCtflt Tg»V
 z Hut 1 nhTVqn'ii-t on nSt.r.^
 cv l ’nco, t:.at '«tr:U. rf at n,
 ir •j. a tut' t! .to *rrv &lt;&lt;ut, in ail
 d *c i'i .s, t!j« pr.uc.ph i t tjf* equal i.ghtaof
 a!; ni ll i&lt;- 1 i vid* uC9, bo-.y, j coitn* t
 h i.*.-, it tiief aims of the j w&gt;r white, men do
 i,ol. as wcJ a* t.iu cf the pom hlacU
 an, comt w.ihtft the scope of fns regards
 I t. it, -f bs rpi'is+i t
non^relu*f. end eepecially. to tfcat monopoly
 whicS with tbilpty, you ar
 a'wrm* to ovtrtMcw. ICM \o4s* tor »k* tmi
 fur IY«s. lent* m ho in RotpMr.J op the eebjee
 I of Lmnd-Monooul) and wko is tint ready ti
 do vote himself, arm ami soul,” to Yh
 abolitioa ot thin evil* which so gigantic .i
 itscif, and winch make* room for nuroerou
 snd no less gigantic eTi!*.—»lt not enough
 ’be candidate agree w ith the Land Re
 formers, ia respect to one ot more of tbei
 measures. Their pnnipUs, ar.d, especiallv
 i that of Hoxca rot All.” must a» m him
 and it must be certainly known, that to th&lt;
 aucc«aa of these principles be consecrates.bn
 influence, whether private or official. Nothin)
 can be more obvious to kuo* wuo wUI rebec
 upon tt, thon that the right of every pcrsoi
 tu the soil is port *ct—as perfect as to the sea
 the tight, me air;—sod mat the denial of Un
 1 right acco.mis for no small share of the woild i
 misery. When, if not now, shall we uki
 our wand, :n belialf of this right For acv
 ral years, the I&gt;and Reformers have beei
 filling the country with srgumems, wrbict
 prove tins right, conclusively and triumph
 j antly. 'l'he Irish famine, which is to Lx
 traced, so disUuctly, to Land Monop&lt;dy, wai
 ni st opjOttune for illustrating and commend
 mg these argunmits. Shall we watt, unit
 th sc arguments and the horrors of that fatoini
 have faded frox. the public memory, ere wi
 i insist, that Civil Government ahail piotec
 every person mi the assertion of his rights—
 bis natural and absolute right —to his neede*
 portion of the soil? We may theu be uoabh
 to rc*arou»c the public mind. Moreover
 hav.ng failed to make just and Heaven-de
 iiianded applications of the truth, we ma;
 —(for such is a frequent couseqsence o
 uufaithfulness to the truth) —have oo hear
 i leu tor remculcaiing H.
 I hardly need say, that I am an abolition
 tst. B it, abolitionist tbougb I am, I regari
 Land-Monopoly, take the world together, as s
 far more abundant source of suff.-ritig an&lt;
 debasement, than is Slavery :—and, 1 add
 ihat, whilst to ai-olish cliattcl-slavery is not n
 übuiiah lard-monopoly, to abolish land
 monopoly i« to aboluh chatt.-l-sl ivety.
 I am well aware, that but few are left tc
 govern their votes by such considerations
 as govern my own! Of the seventy thou
 sand, who belonged to the Liberty Party,
 perhaps, not one thousand will insist, thai
 their candidates be abolitionists: and ot all
 the Land-Relonners, perhaps, not one thou
 sand will insist, that their candid ites m• Land-
 Ilolormeia. U hen I see such wise and good
 men, as compose the Faculty of Ooerlin
 Institute, adapting their eihics to the emer
 gency, and teaching, that the Civil Ruler may,
 in most respects, be a man of negative,
 instead of positive merits —and that, even in
 such antisJavery matters, as are, confessedly,
 iinpoilanl, it will answer, if he oniy do
 not slaud committed against the right—
 when 1 s.:e such a sad surrender of principle,
 1 expect nothing better than that but here and
 there one will be found able to keep himself
 front being carried off in the floods ot defec
 tion.
 Alas, that even the wise and the good
 should entertain such low and false views of
 Civil Government! Hut, it is not sirange
 that they should. Ministers refuse to preach
 Bible politics: and if a layman presume to
 preach them, Ministers and their people con
 spire against him tor his unpardonable offence.
 God's is a positive character, lie is not
 indifferent, or undecided, in respect, either to
 the right or the wrong, lie is for the right,
 and against the wrong, always, and every
 where. And so should be the Civil Ruler
 in the sphere of politics, where he is the
 representative—“ the minister of God.”
 Hut, 1 have detained you too long. If
 you have the curiosity to learn more of my
 news of the uses of Civil Government, and
 of the qualifications of the Civil Ruler, you
 may learn it from a pamphlet just printed by j
 S. W. Green of Utica. The pamphlei j
 contains the proceedings of the National
 Liberty Party Convention, held in Buffalo,
 last June.
 In canclusion, let me eav, that I, many
 years ago, became deeply convinced of the
 impropriety of determining the candidate s
 fitness fur offic'*, by interrogating him. If a
 man's life and character, before his iicmiua-.
 tion, do not afford the evidence of his fitness
 tor office, I would not allow, that he supply
 the lack, w hen in nomination.
 With great regard, vour friend,
 GERRIT SMI l 11.
THE NORTH STAR.
ROCHESTER, AUGUST 25, 1813.
Ia the Lecturing Field again.
 During the past week, we have he'd, in
 company with our friend and coadjutor, M. R.
 Delany, five public meetings—one in Port j
 Byron, two in Auburn, and two in Victor.—
 These meetings have been of a highly satis
 factory and encouraging character. A greater
 disposition to hear the subject of slavery dis
 cussed ia all its various bearings, we have
 never seen manifested. A spirit of earnest
 inquiry is now abroad in the land in reference
 to this great question, ar.d men are every
 where anxiously inquiring, what is truth and
 duty respecting it. To throw light on this
 subject, by public addresses, seems now to be
 the most urgent anti-slavery work and w ere
 our organs of speech what they once were,
 we should not hesitate for a moment to throw
 our whole soul into this department of labor,
 but the past week's exi&gt;enence admonishes us
 to be careful. We feel sensibly the ill effects
 of our five addresses the past week, and must
 not repeat the experiment again until our
 health is more fully restored. We set out to
 s.y a word about the meetings, ar.d to pen a
 few w rds of ch er to the rank and file of cur
 noble band of fellow abolitionists. We have
 always contended that iho ear of the leople
 was all ve dcatred, in order to change public
 opinion on the subject of slavery.
 Tne principles, di&gt;ctrines and measures
 adopted by the abolitionists, are so accordant
 with common- sense, so in harmony w ith the
 Christian religion, and appeal so directly to
 ill the be.ter feelings of the human heart,
 ihat they need only to be fuiily stated, and
 candidly listened to, iu order to convert the
 whole nation. Our great misfortune baa been,
 0.,r inability to gain the ear of tlie people.—
 They have tnard of ua only tb-ough the me
 dium of a camcaiuring pro-slavery press, and
 false and cowardly clergy, who have oute
 iheir utmost to creata against us the mn*t
 blind Vid h.ttar prejudice—the one denouncing
 us a* wild, disorgmixing fanatics, sod the
 '*‘!i t, bihi &gt;d their usseled pulpiis, with owl
 d:-t- rted faces, nisiog the imd-Uog cry of
 infid.-lity, aad warning the people against us.
 Thanks be to our Heavenly Father, both tries*
 influences are yielding to.the general derated
 fur.aou-slavtjy light, •&amp;«eewvhere coming up
 tram the ranks'of tna muh:tu‘3%."
 say to our ’easlavid and wu
 countrymen. La:fup your sorrowmgHearst
 i there hope. A ray of hope
 the floor of your dungeon the day of your
 deliverance' l’:oha thraldom draweth o;gh.—
 The s.avchoidtrs, ia tlirrr mad attempts to
 prolong their iufertul rule over you, have been
 the means of awakening an interest in yotir
 can*! before wholly unknown.. Tl»e meet
 ing» w loch w e h*»e juM hold, folly justify u»
 in trying this, and ©ore.'. They were tff;
**cept that h»*ld at .Victor, got op aTwy
 abort and imperfect .notice, tuur ot i*e bourn
 bring the only ums allowed for circulating
 nonce of tbtln; and the last, held in Aubam.
 came in c-jolbct with a meeting held by the
 Land Reformers, addresaed by a deservedly
 popular speaker, necessarily taking off a large
 number who, ia other circumstances* would
 f have attended our meeting. For the eminent
 success attending our meetings in Auburn,
 we were greatly indebted to the prompt and
 cordial asataraaee rendered us by Rev. H
 Johnson snd H. W. Cjuincy, fdir-which, in
 the name of our Brethren to hoods, we sin
 cerely thank them. There are few places in
 this country w here a mure gratifying change
 has taken place in the public mind on the
 subject of slavery, than in Aobum. The
 meetings at Victor were well attended, and
 gave promise of much good to the caase.—
 Besides the assistance of our brother Detany,
 J. C. Hathaway lent ns the aid of his elo
 quence, which greatly added to the iuterest of
 the occasion.
 The Press—Van Buren.
 It is almost as amusing as it is encouraging
 aud instructive, to observe the anti-slavery
 tone of the various Northern political hresses
 'at this time. Each seems determined tp make
 out a case of anti-slavery for its party, pnd to
 prove its hostility to Northern dough-fsfreism.
 The Anti-Slavery press was not more Revere
 on the course of Mr. Van Buren towards the
 anti-slavery question, than the Casa anp Tay
 lor papers are now. The only differed be
 tween hia present assailants and his
 rery reprovers, relates to the motive—if|ie oue
 is dishonest and the other honest —tlsa one
 stone him for a good deed, and the otl|:r for
 an evil deed. The reproaches heaped: upon
 Mr. "V an Buren by the Cass and Taylor
 presses, are like those which are lavished by
 a set of old profligate drunkards upon one of
 their number, when he resolves to leave them
 and sign the Washingtonian pledge. These
 presses remind ns strongly of i greedy set of
 buzzards, passing by all that is sound, pure
 and good, they prefer to feast themselves oo
 putrid meat, even though they are compelled
 to disgorge it.
 There is a common-sense mode of meeting
 such opposition—it is, by adhering to what
 Mr. Van Buren is now understood to l&gt;e. If.
 he ever was a Northern man with Southern'
 principles, he is evidently not so now, and has
 not been during the last four yeais. lie
 should not therefore be reproached for the
 past, but commended for the present.
“Monthly Illustrations of Blarery. w
 This valuable Anti-Slavery sheet, published
 at New*cast!e-upon-Tyne, England, comes to
 us freighted with the enormities of the Ame
 rican slave system. Its ever-vigilant editor
 allows no fact illustrating the brutal character
 of American slavery to go unnoticed, so far
 as space will permit, and these facts are sent
 broadcast over the British empire, and are
 published in nine-tenths of all the British
 newspapers. We observe, among others, in
 this month's number, an account of the brvital
 outrage committed some months since on the
 person of Henry Highland Garnet, whil** on
 the Buffalo and Niagara Railroad. Another
 refers to the conviction of Stephen Redden,
 for having in his possession certain pictures of
 an anti-slavery character, in the Slate of 'Ma
 ryland. Another refers to the infamous threat
 of assassination by Senator Foote against
 John P. Hale. These, with mm3* other facts
 of the same atrocious description, have been
 going the rounds of the British press, estab
 lishing just ideas of American civilixation,
 freedom and Christianity. We commend to
 the British press the case of Drayton, Sayres
 and English, the noble sufferers now in the
 prison of the capital of the country, fur -no
 other crime alleged against them than tfiat
 they aided slaves to escape from a cruel
 bondage.
 If a sense of shame has not departed with
 a sense of justice and humanity from the
 American people, they cannot remain indif
 ferent to these exposures. England is too
 near to America, and the intercourse is too
 rapid and frequent, for Americans to be
 wholly indifferent to British public opinion.—
 There h no American citizen, not wholly
 j ]ost to all sense of decency and honor, that
 does not blush for his country when he con
 verses with intelligent Englishmen on
 subject of slavery. While there is ehanie,
 there is hope. We say, therefore, to tiur
 friend of the Monthly Illustrations, continue
 to hoid up to public view in England, Ute
 grots, dark, and haggard crimes of American
 slavery for in this way, though it may seeu
 severe, you may be instrumental in greatiy
 aiding the of freedom and righteous
 ness. We, the oppressed, feel glad to know
 that a kuoxledge of our wrongs is not con
 fined within s narrow compass, but, by the
 aid of the press, they are soaltered far sod
 wide, snd that thousands sympathize with us,
 and pray ior our release.
Correspondents.
 S. R. Ward.—We have received fmm thi*
 gentleman an address to the colored voters id
 this State, with respect to the nominees of the
 great Free Soil Convention, setting forth
 their duties in relation thereto, l’he address
 is long and able, though we think, in conclu
 sive, siuce moat of the objections urged
 against sup|)ortiag the candidates and party
 in question, are based upon former delinquen
 cies, short-comings, and actual outrages com
 muted against ua. Wo shall not, however,
 forestall his address by comments this week,
 hut may have something to say m our next,
 when the address shall be published.
 Htyxr Biss.—We have received a let I*3
 from this gentleman also, on the subject
 the free soil movement, which, if we can
 1 make room for it, shall appear next week.—
 Our table is crowded with correspondence
 much of which it would gtve ua great plead
 are to publish, wete we not prevented by tb‘
 mcxouble 1-infts o t our ovefUudeood coir
 amCL. "Correspondent* muss best, with as.
 Ram s Hoxn.’’—W* learn from the
 -Colored Faimer that the Ram’s Hot® is stff
 puSisbed to New York, instead* as ws m
 J .icurvoad it would be, in Toronto* UCun.
 orl-i. Friend Van ReuMrlaer wdl oblige US
 loy nM- 11 to us, ie exchange, usual-
Acentb. —Our lift of Agents, as sonn m
 get uine, shall undergo a careful
 *ad correcuno. There are oaara that abouk
 )o stricken out, and aiojf out which
 4«w;nse*«e&lt;!. Fatiesee

I Nothing pains*t? more thsn the necessity
 of having sgmis to refer to tht flrurse of this
 gentleman, bm wtar compelled to do from
 vrhst we owe tkef.uh.ic. L«* week tee were
 induced to noticetbe coarse of Mr. Foster, by
 s friend. Dr. Lomno Sabin, celling upon us
 ,to notice his dvings encouragingly. Thu
 I week we reeerird a. letter from sn esteemed
 friend to humanity in Boston* taking oar
 candid opinion coxerniag him.
 Three years ago*, we (the writer of this ar
 ticle) were induced by Mr. Foster to accept of
 lan agency* (staionarr) tor the purpose of
 1 using our intfeahee in behalf of the Insti
 tute,” to sofidt tnaauons, snd publish “calls"
 for meetings of the Board of Trustees,”
 Ac. Unexpectedly to Mr. Foster, we went
 out to Michigan; when, instead of the school
 which he induced us to advertise in sa au
 thentic circular, as being in fell operattoo, the
 house bad not yet been built, neither was
 there a school of any description. We ex
 amined books, fee.* Mr. Foster being then
 absent, when thers appeared upwards of two
 thousand dolisTs, for which there was no ae
 count of the disbursinent. These were
 rather reserved books, in the hands of s
 friend. There wtre other glaring deceptions
 and impositions palpably going on, for all ot
 which we called upm Mr. Foster to explain,
 but he has been as “silent as the grave."
 We have no hesitancy in saying, that there
 are now serious impositions still being prac
 tised upon the public by the shove person.
 During our absence, Mr. F. called at the
 office of the North Star, Mr. Douglass know
 ing nothing of him, and got a number of what
 he called the Muathly Circular of the Wood
 stock Manual Labor Institute,” printed dated
 Rochester, North Star office,” Ac.; since
 which, as we were informed by Dr. Sabin, he
 has had a second edition printed in New
 York, retaining date, place, Ac. These cir-j
 culars, printed in the form of a monthly peri-;
 odical, are well calculated to deceive, giving
 a seeming permanency to the matter, backed
 by the appareut countenance of the editors
 nd name of the N*»rth Star. This is an
 other trick of Mr. Foster, we are satisfied,
 and ask him to give an honest account of him
 self to the public.
 We refer to Richmond Hathaway, Obcrlin,
 Lorraine County, Ohio, and Rev. John Peck,
 Pittsburgh, Pa., who can corroborate much
 that we have stated.
The Last Version.
 Below we give Gen. Taylor’s last, or letter
 of acceptance. This letter bears date later
 than any other extant. The contemplation of
 a Convention of Independent Freemen, has
 extorted from him, notwithstanding his oft-
 repeated declaration to the contrary, an ac
 ceptance of the Whig nomination. What
 will now become of the dear 44 people,” upou
 whom Gen. Taylor depended for the ratifica
 tion of his nomination, now the “old soldier”
 alone capable of standing at the helm of their
 national ship” has left them
 We rather think he will find the people!
 capable of rowing their own boat,” and
 thereby taking care of themselves.” Free-'
 men will not entrust their destiny in the hands
 of a tyrant slavemonger.
 Baton Rouge, July 15, 18J3. 1
 Sir:—l had the honor to receive your,
 Communication of June announcing that j
 the Whig Convention; which assembled at j
 Philadelphia on the 2d of that month, and of
 which you were the presiding officer, has
 nominated me for the office of President of;
 the United States. Looking to the composi
 tion ot that Convention, and its numerous and
 patriotic constituents, 1 feet duly grateful fori
 the honor bestowed upon me for the distin
 guished confidence implied in my nomination
 to the highest office in the gilt of the Ameri
 can people. I cordially accept that nomina
 tion, but with the sincere distrust of my unfit
 ness to fulfil the duties of an office which de
 mand for its exercise the most exalted abilities,
 aud patriotism, and which has been rendered
 illustrious by the greatest name 111 our history;
 but should the selection of the Whig Conven
 tion be confiimed by the people, I shall en
 daavor to discharge the new duties devolving
 upon me, so as to meet the expectations of iny
 fellow-citizens, and preserve, undiminished,!
 the prosperity and separation of our common,
 country.
 1 have the honor to remain with the highest
 respect, your ob t servant,
 Z. TAYLOR.
 To the Hon. J. M. Moreheao.
Hon. Thomas Corwin s Speech —The
 speech of Mr. Corwin in tne Senate of the
 Lnited States, against the Compromise Bill,
 was, in our judgment, one of tne most aule
 and conclusive, as well as uue of tbs most
 severe and rebuking arguments against sla
 very and its extension, that has bjen driivei
 ed. The Hon. Senator, in conclusion, avers
 that he intends to support Gen. Taylor, but
 only ou the ground tost he will veto a bill
 passed by Congress, excluding slavery from
 free territory, lie will doubtless see, in the
 progress of the canvass, how frail that sup
 port is. and how unlikely Gen. Taylor will
 be to court the viulance which Senator Foote,
 of Mississippi, has threatened to those who
 •laie resist the Southern interest. —yat tonal
 Era.
 We much fesr that the Hon. Senator, like
 most politicians, is grasping after political
 lavor. If, indeed, he is opposed not only to
 the further extension of slave territory, but to
 tlavcry, as he has frequently openly avowed,
 how can he conscientiously support General
 Taylor, a stubborn, uncompromising slave,
 bolder 1 The secret lies in s contemplated
 Cabinet or Ministerial appointment.
 Wo recently found the following d eclat all on
 of Seoator Corwin, prelanding to be the ha«n«
 upon which be rests his support of General
 Taylor:
 “And I declare, if anybody is concerned to
 know what is my opinion on the subject, and
 *bat is the opinion of the Free States of the
 Union, that li Gen. Taylor was not considered
 as being commuted by his published letters
 against the exercise of the Veto power upon
 this subject, he would not get my vote, nor
 w ould he get the vote of a Free State in Ame
 rica if 1 could help it,”
 But is not the hypoerisy and deception of
 Governor Corwin completely stripped of its
 mantle in the following interrogatory and
 re plj The extract is from a loiter of Mr.
 B. M. McConkey, of C teem nan, to Geneial
 Taytof:*
 joa beentne president of the
 Onuedatates, would yarveio to acf 'ot Con
 gress saould p iuvol*
 uotsry servitude forever, exceot As crisis, in
 all ih*; the United Stales where
 it docs not now exist T”
 Batox Rooct, La., Feb. 15, 1848.
 Su 1 have ibe honor to acknowledge the
 receipt of your cotuniunteaiipQ of the 3d mat.
 In reply to your inquiries, 1 have to inform
 you, that 1 have laid 4 down as a principle,
 not to give my opimoos upon, or prejudice in
 any way, the various gieehuos apw at iasee
 betwsee the pdtiicel yertjjo ef ths' W»T.
nor to rms®--'' whst I woi-lJ or would r.otdn,
 •reft? I elected to the PrcfoicDCV of the t T
 Stale;. nod that m the caseprestoted In youi
 j.lettfr. 1 regret to 1 are no reason for de
 piftin? fften this principle.
 With my projotiud acknowledgments fur
 the tnerdl v sentiments toward me, which you
 hire been pleased to express, 1 remain, air,
 1 with great respect,
 lout obedient servant,
 Z. TAYLOR.
 Mr. B. M. McConkey, Cmcmoau.
 Freni the Leainftoa Atlas of the 2*h.
 Rmmawars*—Public Icetlap-Cmt Ex*
 cite meal—Threats sf Yeafeaace.
 News hiring been reeeired in this city yes
 terday morning, that the runaway negroes bad
 been overtaken near the line of Harrison and
 Brer ken, and a white man killed in an at
 tempt to arrest them, handbills were posted
 through the ehv, esNing a meeting in the
 court-house yard a» 9 o’clock, for the purpose
 of adopting efficient mesas to overtake and
 secure the runaways and their aiders and
 abettors.
 At the appointed hour, a Urge crowd as
 sembled in front of the court-house, and an
 informal meeting was organised bv calling H.
 T. Duncan, Bw?. f to tbe chair, who read the
 following letter, received on Tuesday night at
 8 o'clock, by express from Cyntbimie;
 Cyxtiuana, Aug. Bth, fl P. M.
 i Dear Sir 'Him will inform you that
 your negroes are now supposed to be sur
 rounded about the county hue, between Har
 mon and Bracken, .**mc fiiteen or eighteen
 miles short of the Ohio river. They hive
 taken some nine or ten of them —have had
 several battles, and Charles H. Fowler was
 mortally wounded. About one hundred of
 our citizens have been after them since Mon
 day morning. They are worn down, and tt la
 requested that you send a fresh set of men
 immediately, say fifty or one hundred, well
 armed, for it seems that they are determined
 i to fight every inch of ground, as they are
 armed generally with revolvers, commanded
 by a while man or more. They were en
 -1 camped last night, and out Cynthiaua boys
 came upon about forty or more, and a battle
 ensued, and Fowler was wounded, and the
 i company carried him back, and then pursued,
 j Those with Fowler heard firing for some dis
 tance. We hear that one dead negro was
 found to-day.
 Elliot Roberts is between them and the
 river with a large company, and will not let
 them pass if it is possible to prevent. Fowler
 is still alive. Send all you can, and speedily,
 or all will be lost. Harrison will assist you
 to the uttermost. Come, if you want any of
 your negroes. We have not time to say any
 more. P. Wherritt,
 G. Rimmington’,
 Benson Roberts,
 W. G. Hedges,
 John Richter,
 Fifty or sixty armed men were promptly
 raised and left for the scene of action, breath
 ing vengeance on the abolitionists, and a
 fixed resolution to bring back the negroes, if
 1 they even have to follow them to the confines
 of Canada. Intense excitement prevailed in
 the city, equal to that during the True Ame
 rican of August, 1815, and we doubt not that
 if the negroes and white men said to be with
 i them are overtaken and arrested, fearful
 scenes will be witnessed, and popular ven
 i geance wreaked upon them.
 We are not the advocates of mob-law, but
 we do think that it is high time the imperti
 nent and thievish interference of abolitionists
 j was ended in a summary manner. Nothing
 will deter them from their infamous conduct,
 but the prompt and itninuiediate execution of
 1 the first one we can lay our hands on.
 And whilst we would not advocate or re
 commend such a enurse of •procedure, yet we
 stand ready to justify our fellow-citizens,
 should they hang every one they can catch to
 the tallest tree in the forest. An example
 must be mane of them, that will deter these
 base and infamous rascals from future opera
 lions.
 KIFln charging the escape of these people to
 the Abolitionists, those Kentucky wretches
 breathe an infamous lie Th** slaves are not
 headed by while men, but by themselves— 1
 black men. This is but the beginning of
 .those scenes to prepare for which we hive
 tor years been forwarding the slaveholders.
 Opposed as we may be to the shedding of
 human blood, yet we have no sympathy for
 the fate of those who, in the internal act of
 attempting to re-enslave them, fall victims to
 their vengeance. Man is free by nature, es
 sentially his own being, and any attempt at!
 the enslavement of his person, should be met'
 in a manner adequate to the outrage dared
 against his rights. If it were right—if the i
 most exalted traits in the character of Wash
 ington a&gt;.d his compatriots were their bravery
 m beating back the enemy, successfully de
 fend mg their liberty to the death, theu do we
 say these slaves are also right, and may God
 Bpeed their onward march to victory.
 The South talk about seceding from the
 Union We dare them to the event; and our
 word for it, if there were no other proof than
 the present dar.ng adventure, the blacks will
 I take care of themselves Those brace
 Kentuckians will find in the black slaves a
 different material to the enemy encountered on
 f the plains of Mexico. There they stood one
 to five here u will puzzle them Jive to owe! j
 Brave fellows!
 By Telegraph to the Lexington Ohserver.
 The Runaway Slaves.
 At o’clock last uight, a dispatch by Tele- 1
 graph was received troni Pans, Bourbon Co.,
 Ky., to the following effect:
 Mr. Downer is just here from Cynthiana;
 i left this morning. The runaways were iu
 town. When he left, 0 or 7 more of the oe
 gnx-s had been captured.”
 A subsequent dispatch, received at eight
 o'clock, from Mr. Isaac W, Scott, at Mays
 vili-\ says
 I 44 The runaways, about seven mile* from
 tbe river, were met by twenty whites—had a
 fight—one white man killed. No negroes
 I were taken at the time of the fight, but five
 were taken afterward.”
 A subsequent dispatch, from Maysville,
 says.
 Mary persons have gone from here to
 vsiat in taking the negroes.”
 Tm Rctuwat Negroes.—There is s
 great excitement in Kentucky, m relation to
 the escape of the negroes before mentioned.
 Several thousand men are scouring the coun- j
 try between the Otuo and Licking fivers m
 pursuit of them.
 ___
 Tax Boston Warn.—The paper formerly
 distinguished by the above name, is now an-.
 j titled 44 The Boston Republican.” It wss
 formerly the organ of the Coneaieeee Whig*,
 and exerted s powerful influence in bringing
 about the great change which haft recently
 j taken place in public opinion oq the subject o
 elaverj,' It now advocate* the docKiftCft of
 the Free Sail party tarttfcpporUtifoaoQiftft’
 lions of the Buffalo Convention. It is ably
 edited by Wra. S. Rohintfih.’and dSftsrree a
 wide ciroeiation.
 Western Kevr Ysrk AstMlsver. Isristy,
 The Executive Committee will meet oo
 Tuesday evening next, August flB, at the
 Anti-Slavery Office, 25, Buffalo Start.
 Ane&amp;daaoo requested .at 7 o doek pie
 «ssljv i. a -I
 ...a. .YY»NELL, Res. See-
 r ft ft
A Wot 4 to Istherw
 TVrete no custom fraught with MNftr
 frightfeloonsequenecs to the butnftn system,
 than that of tight befog—teeing may we not
 sey and to none are tbe trite of this euatom
 more indebted, than mothers.
 Under a mistaken idea from long establish
 ed notion, tbe female child is enrobed in lacing
 garments, to give them s graceful form or
 what is termed haodeome figure. This cus
 tom neither contributes to grace nor beeuty,
 except in cases of deformity, the natural
 human form, is the most beautiful figure in
 nature, animate or inanimate hence, tbe first
 order of Architecture, and all succeeding
 monumental structures, were constructed in
 unitstifta of the Itumen form. Neither does
 the sue of the person, it crease or detract from
 beauty. Whether tall or short, corpulent or
 delicate, large nr small persons, mayor not,’
 possess all the graces and beauty of symmetry j
 and form.
 Tire custom of lacing presupposes an in
 crease of beauty, premised upon the idea,:
 that tbe most slender are the ru«wt handsome. J
 This is in eggreginus error of modern origin;!
 an idea never entertained by the ancients, w bo,;
 w hatever improvements may have been made
 upon their remote false customs, it will readi
 ly be admitted, had so elevated idea of the
 beautiful.
 The Tuscan column, the first order of
 architecture, is intended to represent a tali
 slender person, w hile tbe Doric, the second in
 order, represents a stout, robust person, each
 though varying irr sire and form, equally
 beautiful, and each readily becomes the sub
 ject of chrdce, according to fancy.
 It Will be perceived, as we have digressed
 to show, that sizj is not essential to beauty
 this idea being the result of custom or an ac
 quired notion instead of reality. The im
 pression has acquired among men, s generrl
 acceptance, that the more slender and delicate
 in form, the more beautiful and graceful the
 female. While among females the reverse is
 the fact the more robust, the more noble and
 handsome in appearance is man. This is the
 result of custom, the effects of teaching and
 not of fact.
 Customs and habits gain favor among the
 good in proportion to the idea of their proprie
 ty or beneficence. It should be but necessary
 to prove the contrary and the error must cease.
 This difficulty being removed, the effects re
 suiting frum lacing claim serious consideration.
 Physical reform, is as essential to the promo
 tion of human happines as moral. What is
 man without enjoyment* Wealth and treasures
 may surround us in rich profusion, subject to
 ous control, but where there is no enjoyment,
 there cannot be true happiness. Society may
 indeed, arrive at its zenith the perfectum of
 moral reform, but while physically tortured
 all earthly hopes are blasted.
 Many are the diseases engendered from
 habits and customs of domestic or social life,
 and there is none more destructive in its nature
 than that of lacing. Its effects upon the con
 stitution are in the highest degree alarming
 producing deformity and shortening life itself.
 Compression of the lungs, heart and stom
 ach, thereby producing consumption, quicken
 ing the flow of blood, producing in digestion
 or dispepsia, and disturbing the whole arrange
 ment of the aniftial economy, are among the
 disastrous consequences of lacing. The evil
 does not rest here, but is transmitted to pos
 terity—may we not add, that plenty rs_*lf
 is destroyed by this feuful practice. We
 seriously forwarn mothers against the intro
 duction or encourage' uent of such customs
 among their daughters, and young women to
 desist at o.ice, if they desire to promote health
 and lengthen life. Our life is a stream whose
 every example shou d flow from a fountain of
 purity; whose every precept should sparkle as
 the “living waLrs,” running from the “rivers
 of love.” Man s 1 ugliest aim should be, to
 benefit mankind.
 Ttrere is oni mire serious consequence, for
 information of wuich, we refer females to their
 family physicians.
U. C. A. Association.
 On the outsidj will be fo..n J thi proceed
 ings of a presentation meeting by the U. Col
 ored Am. Ass., Cincinnati. Ohio, published by
 request. We see that some of the young
 ladies took part iu the proceedings, w hose ef
 forts have been highly spoken of. And why
 not It is only necessary tu give woman an
 equal opportunity, and she will prove hexsell
 an equal to man m»U things. Why do the
 Sons of Temperance, OJd Fellows, Masons,
 and other secret societies, solicit woman's aid
 in tbe furtherance of their obj.Tt#, and yet
 deny them the privileges uf their institutions 1
 Surely, if these institutio.is be benevolent, as
 they are said to be —if it be a virtue in man
 to belong to them, it is also right that wnmau
 should share those blessings. We know it is
 argued by some, at least tha Masonic, that
 their order cannot be changed. Can as much
 be said of tha others, especially the Sons,’
 who are of recent origin 1 Be this as it may,
 we advocate equal rights, without regard u&gt;
 sex or e«dor, and shall therefore do our dut&gt;
 in this, by reminding others of the importance
 of doing that which is right, especially in all
 coming time.
Correction. —ln article 44 Christian Her
 ald, last week, we meant to have said that
 in all probability the committee w ere not iu
 debt to subecrijert,’.’ Ac.
IstroaTANT !—Long John, of the Sytacuee
 Democrat, says he saw “G*-*n. Case attend tbe
 funeral of one of his poor qpighbors in very
 unostentatious manner!" I*V» there some
 nmorfm shout this ?—Rochester Rep,
 So, nothing at *U strange. Is U not
 written, 44 He that humbletk himself shall be
 exalted T” and ts not tbe General seeking ex
 altation t
K? A novel spectacle for t Slave State
 occurred in Harrisburg, Kentucky, s short
 time since, which consisted of e temperance
 proceesi-vi, geaep by the 44 colored commun
 ity in that place. Ail the slaves that could
 obtain pcKxramon, foe forty mites around,
 ware to attendance.
y«T, Bad.—A certain oipewd Buobwnw
 wy» the only thing which reader* ihc twmlt
 ii» tht* Mate at all queeueoaufe, la Ilia mta&gt;
 ebieeaua attempt* of a tew dwaacMad Demo,
 dto to run a third ticket* with Mr. Cam an
 the candidate.
 Villi STATicnck.—Tim total from re*
 eestm of the State of Texas, for the tear
 1817, ie 138.328 88. The aunhn of aerm
 of land taxed, 47,703,806. 1W Bomber of
 eattld 889,090 a ember of nefram to the
Tte Convention.
 Frederics Dot class and MR Hilary
 will si tend the Cleveland Convention on ibo
 6th of September.
Carmyortnti,
 We should be pleased to have a gw cor
 respondent in Pittsburgh, Pa, W,U
 gentleman who promised ns become out cor
 respondent Whet has become of Cracin-
 Bfttoe,” of Cio., Ohio! Will he faror no
 weekly 1 Hie favors will not henceforth bo'
 neglected.
 Correspondents will observe not to write
 their letters too long. A summary of patsing
 events is what we desire, afteT the style of
 Cincinnatus’ last letter in the Star, but
 in common should not exceed two-thirds of a
 column, as we must give place to all weekly
 correspondence from different places, amuse
 ments for which we are now making.
D 7 Our neighbor uf the Americas reads us
 another lesson on decency,” tbe courte
 sies of the press,” tbe proprieties of lan
 guage,” and reminds ue of whet so rmi
 nently becomes vs,” sod expresses the bare
 possibility that bis forbearance and respectful
 treatment may beget, even in tia, some feeling
 more worthy than maligr.iiy. We are not
 surprised that the editor of the American
 should confo nd our indignation at what wore
 the appearance of hypocrisy, with rrs’ignity
 toward himself. We entertain no malice for
 him, and would in no cate do him injustice.—*
 That we cannot regard him ts our friend,
 no fault of outs. We can call no manfnend,
 who is the friend and advocate of a slave
 holder, and the opponent of the emancipation
 of our enslaved fellow countrymen. That he
 note desires no personal acquaintance with us,
 is most natural, for we try to be as faithful to
 the canse we advocate in private as in public,
 and we should probably be as disagreeable to
 each other personally as we are now morally
 and politically. Though it may be eminently
 unbecoming us, we must insist that the posi
 tion of the editor as the advocate of a profane
 swearer and remorseless murderer for the
 highest office in the gift of the nation, must
 materially lessen his religious influence in a
 Christian community, and especially over us.
 As to decency, &amp;c., we must humbly crave a
 little more example, as much more likely to
 bring about the desired change in us than the*
 wordy lessons so frequently bestowed upon oft*
 by the American.
Kentucky Election. Should John J.
 Crittenden be elected Governor of Kentuckv,
 which promises fairly, we anppose the chief
 overseer of Ashland will return to the U. S.
 Senate, as he can scarcely be so silly as to
 look for the office of the Presidency again
 Slavery, just now, needs all the support it can
 muster, and will even readily accept of a use
 less, worn out old veteran in the infamous
 struggle.
lU* A great fire recently occurred in Al
 N. Y., destroying near five hundred
 houses, thus rendering houseless two thou
 sand persons, with a loss, it is estimated, of
 three millions of dollars. The season is fa
 vorable for the losers.
Kidnapping. A colored man, whose
 name we have not learned, but who is sup*'
 loosed to have run away from bis master uft
 Virginia, and has b en in Bmtinghara some
 three or four weeks, was decoyeu iu toe oilier
 end of the Monunpatiela bridge on Wednesday
 night, where he was suddenly seized, forced!
 into a cab, and carried ofT by men cfarmrng to
 be his owners.
 On hearing of his rapture, his friends in
 Birmingham and some colored men frdtn Pitts
 burgh, proceeded to the dwelling of a ncgio
 na oed Smith, (a carter, we believe, residing
 in Birmingham,) who was accused of having
 enticed the runaway to the bridge, for pay,—
 took hun out ol ihe house and horse-whipped
 him severely, slier which they poured tar into
 h s wool and put leathers on it—thus making
 an odd looking bird of the offender—something
 like a white crow
 Now, we don't agree in the mode of pun
 ishing this f How, hut (if guilty) it was never
 better deserved. The Birmingham folks don't
 go in for kidnapping, either by Virginia slave
 holders or New York policemen \-Pittsburr
 Dispatch.
 lO* Whatever objection* we urge against
 moiHicraey and outrage, we have no tears to
 shed, and but little sympathy to spare for tho
 wretch who would betra a brother into bond
 age, through any inducements whatever; and
 we desue here to remind the Dispatch that in
 addition to the “New York policemen” hinted
 at, there is a public house, or tavern, not a
 hundred miles from the West end of the sus
 pension bridge, that as stroog suspicion ought
 rest upon as upon the vile man thuff who was
 guilty of trie abduction.
JUT* A meeting in behalf of Ireland was
 held Monday evening in Albany. One thou
 sand dollars were subscribed, and committee
 appointed to raise more.
 Breadstuff* for I relax*.— The barque
 Paulina, which cleared for Cork, Ireland, bee
 eight thousand bushels of corn, and four hun
 dred busheL of meal.
 A Significant Sign.—lt is stated that the
 gunsmiths of Europe have iu&gt;rc work offered
 to them than they can perform in ten years*
 and that muskets have increased m price from'
 five l» eight pounds.
 KF Andrew Jackson, a colored Ami-Slave
 ry lecturer, wss drowned in the Connecticut
 river, near Putney, on Monday afternoon. Hn
 clothes, watch, and shout 620 in money, were
 found on the bank of the mer sod it is sup
 posed he went m to bathe, and was accidently
 drowned.
 H7* In referring to tbe rumor that Taylor
 will not veto the Proviso if electedjthe Nash
 ville Banner, the whig organ of Tennessee,
 remarks.
 A 1/ eiotasa planter in favor of tbe Pr
 vioo! Y\ by, tbe mieh-rable adsurdtty of the
 proposition almost forbids os to treat H wuh
 soy degree of seriousoeae.’
B 7 Our friend Dr. Riehmood'e ankle on
 Fehtical parties has here mislaid. It will he
 published, if we shonld ha so fortaaase M ta
 fiAd it.
B3»Geae«al Cass is drqd wq meat ph
 licaiiy—eed Taylor is veiy «ck!
BT Mr. sod Mi*. Seaman, are stopping
 few day* si tha New England Hotel, Clove.
 land.
to coußsrohDcria.
 W WiTha-T flail mrpljr the had
 -fZ fhdlmd m N*.
 8. E. Great. P»*»iiham
 H.. Wmdiwr, Waym Co.—T«m* wiß hi
 fcaad aa the hrat pap.
 D. B. t kiadady Cwy, O-Yow -aw ha* ham
 •■htad hy ■!»dli (Wnd u&gt; N*. ht-
 J J n r—;—. vv.u jm M why tha
 Pj—adhinli «a Naaay Teyt— fd Ida Jw&gt;
 ma'am mt idea m itca
 7-*&lt;i C.'; A^etw—leered,
 *W« j*'
