Tw »e reread
 Whrfl t Kbiffle of imposture come# to be
 umfett the Week coats and ample
 frown* ef the clotty.»« become* double in
 •iJioua in it* operation, and doubly miftchie
 voua id it* edicts. The recorumendauoa of
 tu reverend protector* raises such a scheme.
 ia the eye of the public, above suspicion and
 ibove scrutiny, and clothes it in the holy frtrb
 of religion sod Chrisuaoity. It ts true, but
 ii is also forgotten, that religious teachers are
 as liable as other men, to be actuated by
 •ellUh motive* and low, bigmt.-d, narrow
 opinions, opposed alike to the mind of God
 sr»d the well-being of man. Either by mis
 take or intentionally, they recommend frauds
 to their hearer* under the plausible pretext of
 leal for religion, and s benevolent concern
 tor the welfare of mao, -straightway those
 frauds arc admired into the list »f respectable
 sod praiseworthy efforts, and ha'o ai once
 secured f* them a measure of support and
 countenance they excuse, and palliate, and
 justify Wrong,—straigi.iway loses iis char
 act.r, and becomes r.ght, humanity, justice,
 religion, are at their bidding displaced by in
 humanity, oppression and cant. Such cases,
 it mat be said, are rare. Would that they
 were more so. and that men had greater re
 liance on their ability to find the truth for
 themselves, and less conrideuce m the facta of
 their religious teachers 1
 The Colonisation scheme, which has been
 so often exposed, and shown to be utter!) in
 efficient to the end desired, is one of those
 frauds, which has especially received the
 countenance of the clergy, and has been b\
 them constantly thrust upon the public, as a
 meant of at one-and the same time liberating
 the African in this country from the hands of
 the enslaver, and the African in Africa from!
 the bondage of ignorance and idolatry. An'
 address upon this subject, was delivered on
 Friday last, by the Rev Dr. Pinney, before
 Hie Presbyterian Synod then assembled in j
 this city. This Rev. gentleman has been
 known to the public as a prominent coloniza
 tionist, for many years. He was sent out to
 Liberia as a missionary, at an early period of
 the enterprise, and continued in that capacity
 for some time—prohablv till he was tired of
 it; for on returning to this country, he tra
 velled about, defaming the colony, the clim
 ate —everything connected with it; showing
 very satisfactorily that the colonization scheme
 was a failure. But presently a change came
 over him. He was appointed governor, w ith,
 •f course, a rather satisfactory salary. Whe
 ther in consequence of his excellent manage
 ment or from what other cause does not now
 appear; but from thenceforth he sounded a
 different note, and from that time to the
 present the reverend ex-governor has not
 ceased to crack up the coloiy as a verj j
 paradise—the peculiar care of Heaven, on
 whose behalf many extraordinary interposi
 tions of Providence have from time to time
 been enacted. These few words of explana
 tion will enable the reader, if he should ever
 havo an opportunity of hearing Dr. Pinney
 lumssll, or hear him quoted as an authority,
 to give his statements their due weight—and
 no more.
 The address delivered before the Presby
 terian Synod, was just such an one as was,
 suited to the scheme, and from the expressed j
 sentiments of the Presbyterian clergy, might!
 very reasonably be expected to be sailed to
 the audience. In the place of high toned
 humanity and those fearl ss enunciations ol
 right which the subject of slavery demands,
 there was an ample amount of cant and
 sophistry—if sophistry that might be called
 which had not even a shadow of plausibility.
 Glowing accounts of the various battles
 statements of zeal for the conversion of the
 heathen, manifested by the colonists —all i
 finked together by pious exclamations of
 wonder at the singular and glorious interposi
 tions of Providenee for the preservation of
 ahe colony, formed the staple of the address.
 Wonderful providence truly, that a body o(
 ■men armed to the teeth, and supplied with
 all the incans of civilized warfare, should put
 to flight inohs of ignorant and undisciplined
 savagesl
 The reverend gentleman appears to be at
 present engaged in a tour on behalf of the
 Colonization Society. Possibly he holds
 some office in that Society he spoke in the
 tone of an official; and urged the claims of
 the Society, on the ground that their funds
 Fad been all exhausted in the purchase of
 slaves whom they had sent, ot were about to
 •end to Liberia. The Society, he stated,
 had sent over this year 412 persons, ot whom
 300 were slaves This, he wuuld have the
 public believe, is very benevolent and praise
 worthy but is it so? No—it is ths very
 reverse nothing, indeed, eoidd furnish more
 conclusive evidence of the mischievous char
 acter of the scheme, than this purchase Of
 •laves. To transport free colored men from
 this land—s land to a share of which they
 are entitled by all the claims of birth, and
 settlement, and cultivation—io transport them
 without proving or attempting to prove against
 them, the commission of any crime, is suffi- i
 cicntly atrocious—for it is idle to say that 1
 they go of their own free will—every one!
 know* what that means; but when the
 Society become slave-traders, and go into th«
 market with the avowed purpose of purchas
 ing slave* and sending them to their miser
 able colony, the wickedness of their pro
 •eeding* i* made abundantly apparent. They
 are not—they cannot be ignorant of the fact,
 that long xs Haves are legal articles ol
 commerce in this country, the only effect ol
 sueh purchase must be either the enhance
 ment of ihe pnee of slaves, or the increased
 •upply of the market by the slave-breeder.
 It is, ss will be sufficiently plain to every ooe
 who gives tho subject a moment s considera
 tion, nothing more nor h- M than so much
 •ocouragement given to the worst of sIJ
 atrocities under the speerou* pretext of con
 cern for the cause of rshgton sod human
 ity. It would even seem, from the Waur of
 ths reverood gentleman's retusiu. that he
 openly favored *be interest* of ths slave
 holder. Said he—** Toe South may with
 equal justice require the North io repay the
 price of the slaves purchased from ths North,
 as ths North can ask the South, under any
 plea whatever, to giyo up what ts theu pro
 perty. The South never engaged tn thr
 slavs-trad*; it was northern capital and
 northern ship* alone that carried oa that
 business. The North is epnChed by the
 South, while th«~South impoverishes itself
 Whs; them is a ducsiec, if ever |pcb «a
 srsat sc«ss t« pass, the South will its
fcjk
 •wt produce at borne, tod by that metre
 become neb.” dee. Ac. I will eot insult tie
 com moo tease of the feeder by dying
 tingle word in refutation of these ilnilditHt
 They ire reported only to show the animus
 iof tbit lecturer end of the Colon tamos
 i Society, of whom he le e fitting representa
 tive. The Ttnett Southerner tod slave
 holder could not have used language more
 utterly destitute of erery sentimeut of hu
 maaitv, tbaa doea this tame Re». Dr. Piaaey.
 All reference to the rights of the colored
 man, aa man, waa apparently aa far from
 hit thoughts aa the rights of the inhabitants
 of tht planet Jupiter. He spoke of the
 colored man only as an article that is wanted
 at Liberia, and for the supply of which the
 Colonisation Society has been established.
 It is now too late in the day, however, for
 such men and such schemes to be received
 with any measure of favor in these northern
 latitudes. Th doctnne of the right of every
 man, be his color what it may, to lire and to
 enjoy liberty where he pleases, has become
 too firmly rooted in the public mindr ever
 again to be displaced by the low, illiberal
 and unchristian dogmas of the colonixationist.
 Even in the Presbyterian Synod Dr. Pinney's
 address was received w-iih but little favor.
 On motion being made that be should be
 ordered to bring in a report, there was only a
 very meagre Aye; while one or two voted in
 the negative. Ii would be saying but little
 either for the Christianity nr the brains of the
 assembled Synod, to suppose that they swal
 lowed and approved of the assertions and
 sentiments of the lecturer.—j. o.
(Communications.
Columbia, Aug. 13, 1848.
 Friends Douglass Delany —Having
 for some years past been situated so distant
 from the active theatre of the Anti-Slavery
 movements, I have felt that the effusions ot
 my pen would scarcely be felt among a list
 of contributors, who are perhaps unequalled
 in any enterprise for the advancement of the
 great interests of the human family. But as
 theie are circumstances and occasions that
 call into active being those thoughts and feel
 ings w hich have become a corporate part of
 our moral nature, and ought to regard any
 argument that apologizes for their introduc
 tion, as being at war with the true spirit of
 liberty, the dictates of conscience and the
 voice of God.
 The circumstance that calls me into the
 field at this lime, is as follows On Friday
 evening last, on our return from Norristown,
 after the close of the Annual Meeting of the
 Eastern Penn. A S. Society, our friends
 \V. W. Brow n and C. L. Remond were, by
 a previous invitation, to address our people in
 the Philadelphia Institute, Lombard st. The
 committee appointed to obtain a suitable
 building, where a larger portion of our jreople
 could be accommodated, have applied for
 some of the larger churches, but they were
 refused.
 The meeting in the Institute was very elo
 quently addressed by the above-named speak
 ers, in connection with Robert Purvis, Esq.,
 and as the Report of the Committees and the
 position of the colored churches in relation to J
 the Anti-Slavery movements, formed mure
 than an incidental portion of their remarks, it
 would be useless for me to attempt to portray
 the effect on the audience.
 The challenge to defend their position was
 accepted by the Rev. Daniel Scott, of the Bap
 tist Church, who, in my opinion, only needed
 the weapons and a cause worthy his zeal to
 have given a vigorous resistance, even if he
 had been slain in the encounter. The Rev.
 S. 11. Gloucester, already distinguished for
 his zealoufc opposition to the Anti-Slavery
 movement, having loudly responded to a sen
 timent uttered by his friend Scott, was called
 to the speaker's stand by C. L. Remond, and
 challenged to vindicate his position before the
 same tribunal which he had been arraigned.
 This he refused to do, but offered to meet
 Messrs. Remond and Brown on Monday eve
 ning, the 4t!i inst., in company with another
 tneud, and pledged himself to prove that there
 is not a colored pro-slavery church in Phila
 delphia. The challenge was immediately
 accepted but to Mr. Remond'* inquiry whe
 j ther they should have his church for the dis
 cushion, he quickly responded, No. Thus
 j duaed a scene of thrilling interest, laying the
 foundation of a meeting for Monday night,
 which, I trust, will be rendered immortal. I
 deeply regret that I cannot be present as a
 spectator. As a matter of personal gratitica
 lion, 1 submit to the deprivation, but if my
 poor personal services were required, nothing
 should deter me. I know that the cause of
 freedom can at all times be safely entrusted to
 the parental care of Messrs. Remond and
 Brown, therefore I fed no concern for that
 side of the question. My greatest solicitude
 is, that Mr. Gloucester and friend may come
 up to the work manfully, that they may make
 at least a Buena Vista” resistance, so that,
 if they should fall iu defence of the church
 by the keen-edged swords of their invaders,
 they may at least be aWe to manifest their
 spirit of martyrdom, by exhibiting in their
 sacred altars the blood, scars and wounds they
 have received in defence of the myriads of
 devotees who worship at them.
 The battle now having begun, it ought to
 be continued on until its termination, uutii
 the ehutch shall be able to vindicate the purity
 of her motive* iu regard to her position with
 ihe Anti-Slavery movement, her freedom from
 the venom of pro-slavery, and put her accus
 ers forever at rest, or failing to do this, her
 aonusers may be able to arrest her withering
 influence, and say to her. Hitherto hast thou
 domineered over the beam and conscience* 0 f
 men, but no further—here let thy proud waves
 be stayed, so that we may see her, with all
 her lofty pretensions, recoil m obedience to
 the high behest of truth. Let no quarter be 1
 given-to those whom truth slayeth. Let
 them fall unwept, uubonored, aod unmourned.
 While the oral discussion is going on, let tbs
 press speak out with the earthquake-vssos of
 resolution, In this esuas thsrs should bs no
 neutrals, and thosfh distant (rose this sesoaaf
 ecuno, shall at U*|4 take nay portion in tbs
 struggle. W. W.
 P. S. To the person or persons who keep my
 North Star three, four 'and and
 then send it home—l am sailedjd with your
 honesty, but you do subject me to much m
 roovemeooe. If you will five me your same
 »nd residence, I .will harp a copy sent, to you.
 As you cow Hard tftS IML ibjci Burnham, so
 kaed, (least retire there- W. W.
CurwqwW)
 Loxdoji, July 3i t Isis.
 Since ray bat, the ne»a from Ireland hai
 been roof? appalling than eter. Ciuba havi
 been organised in all town* of importance, ax
 may be said to have taken practical poaae*Mo«
 of tbe country. AH seem* ripe fur rebellion
 Oa Saturday, July 2iW, tbe House of Comaoni
 met to bring in a Bill, for tbe auape.isioa oi
 the Habeas Corpus act in Ireland. Lord Jshr
 Russel wt* supported by the three po
 litical leader* —Sir Robert Peel, B-anjamui
 DTsraiM, and Joseph Hume, who, differing
 widely, as they do, on Inab Government and
 legislation In general, united in bettering th»
 neceasity of the case to be great, and the time
 fur action the present. Tbare was *n over
 powering unanimity, with one or two excep
 tions. The Bill was brought in and apeedily
 passed each stage. —On Tuesday, it was car
 ried up to the Lords —was promptly forward
 ed there, it then received tbe Royal aasent,
 and on tbe following day was transmitted tr
 Dublin. By this act, the Lord Licutenaut is
 empowered to arrest or detain, until the Ist
 of March, 1849, every individual suspected ol
 conspiring against the government.
 At present, all i 9 uncertain, though the
 crisis seems at hand. The most popular
 leaders of the insurrection are Smith OBrien.
 and M.-agher. The Clubs continue to declare
 that they will resist to the death, all attempts
 that may be made to arrest these men. They
 are now supposed to he in the vicinity oi
 Waterford, thereby, evidencing that the first
 outbreak of the anticipated rebellion, is ex
 pected to be made in that city or its neighbor
 hood. In his able speech on the memorable
 22d, Joseph Hume endeavored to impress on
 the House of Commons, the necessity of in
 troducing remedial measures for Ireland, say
 ing, He would sit until November, tired as
 he was of the present session, rather than give
 |up the measures for relieving the people of
 Ireland.” It remains to be seen whether the
 members will for once, sacrifice a little of their
 ease and pleasure to the exceeding exigency
 of the case, by prolonging their sittings unti|
 their work is done, and some of the many evils
 are removed from poor unfortunate, misguided
 and misgoverned Ireland. There is again, a
 blight in the potato crop there— the province
 of Munster is, in this respect, reported to be
 i the greatest sufferer. The union of famine
 with rebellion in that unhappy country, is too
 fearful to be contemplated calmly.
 August Ist.—By news received since the
 above was written, I find that Smith O'Brien
 has appeared fully armed with pike and pis
 tols, at the head of several hundreds of insur
 gents in the neighborhood of Tipperary.—
 Proclamations have been issued by the Lord
 Lieutenant, offering rewards for the apprehen
 sion of the chief leaders of the insurrection,
 I and long ere this reaches you, the majority of
 these will in all probability, be in safe custody,
 i Mr. Patrick 0 Higgins, the leader of the Dub
 lin chartists, has already been arrested and is
 odged in Kilmainham gaol on a charge of
 treason.
 August 2d.—The first blow* of the rebellion
 has been struck. On Saturday last, an en
 counter took place on Boalogh Common,
 near Balhngairy, County of Tipperrary, but
 the insurgents were effectually checked by
 fifty or sixty police. Si \of them are reported
 to have been killed and seven wounded.—
 Smith O'Brien tied from the field on horse
 back. He must soon be taken, except he
 carries out his resolution even unto death.—
 An extensive snxure of arms has been effect
 ed in the neighborhood of Lockford.
 Aug. 4th.—No important news frornlreland.
 Rumors of all kinds are afloat, concerning the
 present destination of the rebel leaders. One
 conjecture is, that they have succeeded in
 smuggling themselves on board ship on the
 Galway Coast, and are now oa their way to
 the United States; but it seems more proba
 -1 ble that they are yet in the vicinity of Ballin
 garry, hiding themselves amidst the coal pits
 and bogs.
 France continues tranquil at present; but
 General Cavaignac, and the Government that
 he may be said to have called into being in the
 late emergency, are encompassed with im
 mense difficulties—especially of a financial
 character. No mtterial change has taken
 place in the political principles of the State,
 indeed, some of the minor members of the late
 Government, are still in power, while Paris
 remains under martial law.
 The existence of a new German Empire,
 may now be deemed a grand fact. Its Pai
 liament continues to hold their sittings in
 Frankfort. The Archduke Regent, returned
 to Vienna to be present at the opening of the
 Austrian Constituent Assembly there. He
 evidences the well known energy of his char
 acter, by the extreme rapidity of his move
 ments in travelling. He is soon to visit the
 King of Prussia. The Chevelier Bunden,
 has left London for Berlin, whither he has
 been summoned by the Prussian government,
 to take part in the various deliberations at this
 great German crisis. It seems probable that
 he may return to England, as the representa
 tive of the United German Empire. On the
 day before he departed, he presided at a pub
 lic dinner, held at Greenwich, in honor of the
 election of Archduke John, to the Regency of
 Germany, which was attended by the princi
 pal German merchants and literati residing in
 London. An order has been sent to all the
 Governments iu Germany, calling upon them
 to celebrate, by a military act, on the Ist of
 August next, the accession of Archduke John
 to office, and thus to evidence their allegiance
 to the Regeut of Germany. S. P. Q. R.
A Model Perish.—ln the parish of St.
 Mathias, Canada, with an adult population of
 about 1,200, all but four persona hare sign d
 the pledge. This parish is said to have spent
 annually in strong duAka, up to the present
 time, $6,000.
fry The National Intelligencer save tba*
 Sears, tried for slave stealing on board the
 schooeer Pear), has been acquitted by the jufy.
UyHavanab paper*, of the Uih ult., tap*
 resent that the fellow freer had made ooeaid*
 arable ravages within the rceek preceding.
Try The new Governors of the Islands of
 Martinique sod Guadeloupe, sent out by the
 French government, are said by the Boston
 Traveller, to be persons of color.
By Dr. Soodgfua, of Umar*, with th*.
 »i 4 of joy kind friwdi. km pnicho— d Un.
 1 bevi tt: Fi«H. tcdwt her cs Sbtfiy.
Dimioa TWntrtut
 Disunion vaa v*ry boldly th'ptwned, ta th*
 .Senate uu Thursday, u our refers trill p-r
 'cure upon a perusal uf the following para
 1 graphs—lk* ifm extracted fnuu th« Wishing
 urn correspe science-&lt;m tleN. Yr.CwnmercuJ
 U*e bst fro n the Bihimore Amnwan
 i Mr. Calhoun nude a speech which I rat
 not hot regard as pwdwnwn qf nnlli&amp;eu
 uue. He said the question eras of sack ex
 trcme gravity sad of such a nature that i
 could not be longer suffered to remain open.
 Yet in the present state of pirtiet and opinior
 in the country, he did not think ft could bt
 settled sad cios?d. The South idgst uke thf
 question into its own hands and setfe it. Thu
 n a solemn recommendation to ail th&lt;* shn
 States to repudiate the authority of the Feder
 al Government. He said the consequence o
 not catling the controversy would be dis
 union or an overthrow of our institutions, and
 probably both. There can be do mistaking
 the force of these words. It is s recommen
 dation to separate or to nullify. The whok
 speech, which appeared to be remarkably de
 liberate and well considered, w« an appeal
 to the South to have nothing to do with North
 ern politics. It is expected to have great af
 feet in the Sootheru States oo the Presidential
 election.
 j The impression was becoming stronger dai
 j ly on his mind that the division in the body
 politic can never be healed here. It was
 time that Senators on his side should consuls!
 I that no compromise could be etfectod. Fui
 one he never would compromise. If a com
 i promise was to be made, it mot be on th
 Constitution itself. Both the North and th
 South refuse to yield the constitutional point
 Mr. Webster made the' folfcrwing remarks
 j in regard to the allusions which had beer
 made to the dissolution of the Union
 He should not accustom his mind to dwe’
 upon such a theme, or to prepare for it, or t»
 think about it, but would rutheT take advice o
 the Father of the Country, and-regard it as ar
 event which could not by any possibility bf
 i realized. It might happen. Theie might be
 an earthquake, the breaking forth of a vi,leant
 and therein physical destruction. Disunion
 would be all thi-s and wurse. He could n&lt;n
 bring his mind to realize that there was any
 danger, and would not stop tu contemplate it.
 j These were irritating topics, and irritating
 j times, but to the Union, the great body of the
 »people north and south, east aud west, were
 warmly attached, five-sixths of them would
 j prefer to see old United States preserved than
 (any of this acquisition. Mr. Webster, too,
 (expressed his abiding faith in the permanence
 |of the Union, notwithstanding all the causes
 Jof disaffection. The good sense of the peo
 fcple wculd work a cure, and whatever the re
 sults, all would abide by it. It was important
 *hat Oregon should have a government, but
 |jnost important that this question should be
 jellied before Oregon, or any of tha acquired
 territories were settled.
 Mr. Webster’* Speech.
 There is one portion of this speech (says
 ,*he Boston Bee) that wc shall extract, be
 j eause it treats of a point not yet settled, but
 j whicn will coins up again for consideration,
 j whenever territorial governments are to be
 organized for California and New Mexico.—
 j\\c do not recollect any instance in which
 ihe point we refer to has been set forth in so
 (clear a light as Mr. Webster has done it. li
 I is this—the argument of the South, that in
 excluding slavery from the Territories, the
 I South is deprived of its rights, and a partici
 pation of the benefits won by the common
 j services of the wlioh country. The following
 are Mr. Webster's words:
 Let us consider this question as it really is;
 and since the honorable gentleman from Geor
 gia proposes to leave the case to the enlight
 ened aud impartial judgment of mankind, and
 as I agree with him that it is a case proper to
 i he considered by the enlightened part of man
 kind, let us consider how the matter in truth
 s ands. What is the consequence Gentle
 men, who advocate the case which my hon
 orable friend from Georgia with so muen
 l ability sustains, declare that we invade their
 j rights—tiiat we deprive them of a partieipa
 i lion in the enjoyment of territories acquired
 i by the common exertions of all. Is tins true 7
 How deprived? Of what do we deprive
 j them? Why, they sav that we dep ive them
 jof the privilege of carrying their slaves, as
 slaves, into the new territories. Well, sir
 what is the amount of th it They say that
 in this wav we deprive them of the opportu
 nity of going into this acquired territory with
 their property.
 Their property”—what do they mean by
 that? We certainly do not deprive them of
 the privilege of going into these newly ac
 quired terr.iories with all that, in the general
 estimate of human society, in the geneial.and
 common, and universal understanding of man
 kind, is esteem -d pioperty. .Not at all. The
 truth is just this They ba.Y.e, in their own
 Slates, peculiar laws, which create property
 in persons. They have a system of local le
 gislation, on which sl tvery rests while eve
 rybody agrees that it is against natural law, or
 at least against the common understanding
 which prevails as to what is natural law. 1
 am not going into metaphysics, for therein 1
 should encounter the Hon. Member from
 South Carolina, and we should wander in the
 endl ss mazes lost,” until after the time for
 1 the adjournment of Copgress. The Southern
 i States have peculiar laws, an&lt;s by those laws
 there is property in slaves. This is purely
 local. The real meaning, then, of Southern
 gentlemen, in making the complaint, is, that
 they .cannot go into the territories of the
 United States, carrying with theiq their own
 peculiar local law—a law which creates pro
 perty in persons. This, according to their
 own statement, is all the ground of complaint
 they have. Now here, I .think, gentlemen
 are unjust towards u«. How unjust they are,
 uthers w ill judg^—geiieraiioii* th-it come alter
 us will judge.' It will not be. contended that
 this sort of personal slavery eitikia by general
 law. It exists only taw. 1 do not
 mean to deny the validity of that local law
 where it is established; but Isay it is, slier
 all. nothing but heal law. h ifcftothing more.
 And wherever that local law. does pot extend,
 property in per»ons does not exist. Well,
 sir, w hat is now the demand-on the part of
 our Southern friends T!) We wih
 carry our local laws with us yrherever;we go.
 W’e'insist that Congress dor* us injustice un
 less it establishes in the territory m which we
 wish to go, unr own local law. This de
 mand. I, for one. resist, tnd.shall rsust.- It
 goes upon the idea that th-TC is an inequality
 ■ink's* persons under this local law*, and hold
 ing property by au'honty »‘f fo** lair; ran go
 imo new territory and ibefe establish that lo
 cal law, to ike exclusion *t «*ber Uw. Mr*
 President, it was s BUflU® ciyil )tw,
 that between Slavery and Freedom, Frec-iotn
 *b mid always be presumed, end SJaverj m ai
 a! wavs be proven. If any question aro** as
 to the st tius of an individual in Rome, he w«e
 presumed to he free until bs was proved to be
 i slave So. I suppose, metal Lw of
 naukrnd. An individual «e be presumed
 to be free until a law can be pwduoed wb*h
 creates ownership b* J
 dispute the force acd validity ofthe enl law.
 aafhrre already said; b»*l rcj. *a
 tt~t to ke prorcd; and therefor. If to&amp;n*
 duals |to into aay parted tk*eaitk, ttie to be
 proved that they arc ee» freeze, or else the
 presumption tsthat they are. Now.our irieod*
 seem to think tnat an axu»d» fi&lt;«m
 restraining them ftooi going into the tcrnio
 ries, unless there be a law provided which
 shall pndeef their ownership in persons.
 Toe —smnn a, the* ws create se inequal
 ity. Is there miking take uMm the other
 s3e in refotma Muquuttty Bu, foam the
 eai I rrpyeee in «B a*3*» juifseet tiv*. w
«rtewred ms a settled truth, that slave Ichor
 ■ad free labor do not exist wei) I
 lave before me dedsTtfim of Mr.
 ms the Cunveattno that farm*.l the Coaotit*-
 uitioa. to that effect. H- mvs that the ob
 jection to slave labor is. tbaut puts free white
 labor in disrepute that it ibak-s labor to be
 rcgi-deJ as derogatory to the ch artel l of li e
 free vrtrts man. and that hs despises to work
 —to i.su bis expression—when staves are em
 ployed. Tb* io matter of great interest to
 the Fiee States; if it bs true, aa to a great
 extent it cortamly it, that wherever wave la
 bor prevails, Ire* white labor it excluded or
 discouraged. I agree that slave labor does not
 necessarily etfblooe free labor totally. But it
 necessarily loses something of its respectabil
 ity, by the side of, and associated with, slave
 labor. Wherever labor is mainly performed
 by slaves, it is regarded as degrading to free
 men. The free men of the North, tlierefore,
 have a deep interest to keep labor free, exclu
 sively free, in the new territories.
NE3SO LuJtftECTIO* I* TVS DaNISH
 West India Islands.—By the arrival of the
 bark El Dorado, at Baltimore, news is brought
 of a revolution in St. Croix, and the blacks
 hsd been successful in overthrowing the Gov
 ernment. There was fighting, and man v mur
 ders co nuutted. Tne Governor of St. Thom
 as had ippluJ to the Captain Gan., of Porto
 Rtco fur assistance.
Rhode Island Acuoiatcr/ f air.
 TO THE FSUCSDS OF THE OFP.IESiEO.
 Dear Brethren and Sisters
 JBi3 not Wviary in well-doing;”—your
 co operation is still needed to carry on the
 work of relieving the poor and oppressed. It
 is said, God works by mean*—then certainly
 it does not become man to discard instrument
 alities. Do we not believe that this is God's
 work? Then are we not ready to act as H:s
 igents —to h &gt;!d whatever is entrusted to us,
 either of time, talent, or money, consecrate
 to his service? Who can doubt that Liberty
 and Human redemption are always objects of
 tender regard and especial blessing with the
 infinite Good? Who can doubt that He is
 unsparing in the means to promote this glori
 ous end Who of us, then, will hesitate—
 or rather will not hasten to ba with the All
 Good a fellow-helper It is a glorious—it is
 our glorious privilege. To do good is a
 blessed privilege—blessed to the agent and
 object; so blessed, that we could almost be
 thankful for the world seviland wretcheJness
 Then the patience and fortitude that come
 from the strife with evil, and from continued
 self-denial, are they not above all price
 Now, friends, for your good, and the good i
 of our brethren and sisters in bonds—fur the I
 good of the world, that the current of human I
 sympathy and kindliness that is beginning to
 flow may be increased and hastened, we ask
 you to assist in preparations now making for j
 our Annual Fair. Thanks to you for your
 promptness and kindness in behalf of former
 efforts—be assured that many souls have been
 comforted, and many distressed ones mads to
 rejoice. Before you decide how much you
 will do, just review the numberless favors, j
 blessings and privileges yon enjoy—take a
 view, also, of the deprivation and distresses
 of your fellow-men. Then call to mind that
 only article of the Philanthropist s creed—
 Whatsoever ye would that men should do j
 unto you, do ye even so to them.” Now de-i
 cide. and we fear not the result.
 We ask for anything that you have to give
 —Money, Cloth, Produce, Groceries, Cloih- j
 tug, Fancy Articles, the handiwork of the
 mechanic, contributions from the Field, Orch-
 •ad and Garden—anything that can be turned
 to account, will be gladly received.
 Our Fairs heretofore have been eminently
 successful. As our resources increase, the
 field of operation enlarges, and to meet the
 demands of the present, the proceeds of this
 should be larger than any former. Books,
 papers, tracts, and the voice ot the living
 preacher are demanded. Will you help us
 send them
 Oar next Annual Fair will be holden in this
 city, on Wednesday, (commencement day.) 1
 •September 6th. Having sent us your contri
 butions, then give us your bodily presence.
 Contributions will be received at the Anti-
 Slavery Office, and by the undersigned.—!
 If sent to the Anti-Slavery Office, please di-1
 rect “Aniarancy Paine, Anti-Slavery Office, 1
 Providence, R. 1.
 S. R. Harris, Providence.,
 M iry k. Clarke,
 Mary Steward,
 Sarah R. Smith,
 Abby Thurber,
 Lucretia Francis,
 Elizabeth 11. Brown, l*
 Mary Hathaway,
 Parentba P. Janes,
 0 ive Tiber,
 Jinstte Harding,
 Harriet N. Prentice,
 Sophia D. Peek,
 Anna M. Scott,
 H. B. S. Redwav,
 S trail R. B. Foster, 44
 Elizabeth B. Chase, Valley Falls.
 Abby Burgess, Pawtucket.,
 Sarah Gould, Coventry.
 Mary Anthony, 44
 Mary H. Adams, East Greenwich.
 Sarah J. Brown,
 Mary W. Greene, Apponaug.
 Rebecca P. Al lrich, Greenville.
 Betsey F. Lawton, Chepachet.
 Joanna K. Ballou, Cumberland.
 Sophia L. Little, Newport.
 Caroline A. Robbins,
 Anne F. Westcutt, New Providence.
 Franci* Clarke, 44
 Priscilla Coffin, Ulneyville.
 Providence, R. 1., June 05, 1348.
o m tu c r c i a 1.
Rochester. Augist24, 1549.
 The pro luce market is very nearly the rih u it
 au hut week. A good .leal -f Wheat cornrt iu in
 wagons, and not much iu boat*. Tl*e Wheat market
 perhaps not quite as aitire as it was laul week.—
 We.bear ofoae sale of 12*10 bm*«Js at 41 03, which
 is the price that most good wivst h lags.
 Fluor is the same as before. The Cambria’s ad.
 rices has bad little or no eSs t opera it. We notice
 Oise sale of 200 bbls at
 Rochester Wholesale Prices arrest.
 FLOUR A*o MEAL—Duty 20 p sad-ral
 Kiuur.tfutd 4.7 u ®,5 00
 Cora mewl, tf bu*H
 PltoVlslONS—D’i?/; Beef.Pork.Hasds, Bac-t»,
 Butter an J Lard, X) pc; Cheese JDpcsd »»l
 Fork, (urns*; w
 Do. is hug 4 OO.e 4
 Beef, ewt. S 30 C 4 33
 Dd.W (mess) 7 fc&gt; »b
 Unidnedir*
 Ha us, (siaoksd) 7« 8
 ShotViers, do. 8
 T-**} P
 Cttfkeas 0
 Potaues, bush. 29
 ORAI.V— Lhwy; 20 p e sd sal
 Wheat, bush 103
 Curs 46 13
 Rys -i
 Oats Rl
 Baris* _ 9
 ir**4«ai
 trtsyMar 8
 CsJT s W
 Basse Nh tti 23
 fc££JUa—fieqr, UaadWv«i NoasdUr
 c ad sal
 Classr
 TuasAf
 Fhs 01
 FlStl—os foreign caught; Z&gt; p c *J sal
 WUi ichtA Ud S 50
 C &lt;slhsß e«t 4 80
 SI.hUKIEA
 Sait, ffahi. 1 19
 Appks, p bush .00
 o*. dried 40 70
 Err*, p dos 8
 Boam.pbMh *.t4T» 103
 I
'Abof rtisements.
vlw nur racroßv.
 THE fubvrriber takes thi# me* to fofora ibe
 Crtiarn* if R i-H- sSt and viessity, tKat be h
 for established s r«’W&gt; Facility, M number
 Han street, wfars he w.l be hapy* to w*« upua »j
 vsbo Suv fav:&gt;e b:m sr.h ffo-ir
 iisving bed im—uferaMs expeoew* is hie Bm of
 bwuMM. he uieiyee himself to ferae* se good m
 article, an Jof at good material. as c*n he procured
 at any cither similar establishment is this dtv. Hie
 Pfempa artfaraifasd with either wood or had pipe,
 se way enit customers. He also suspphes, to order,
 atri description of Aqueduct Logs, or Lead Pipe.
 The subscriber will take pleasure i n directhr* surh
 of hie ont:.&lt;nere as nay rainre the inJbosauow, tb
 competent workmen, who wiU atTend to all caJ*s for
 digging, drilling, or blaeting wcl'n, promptly, ant at
 rttmhbh rate#. At! kinds of Pumps repaired to
 order.
 GO The above work will be rVmvbed at the
 lowest prices, for cash. Persons alii do well to
 give him a call before purchasing e'c«where.
 J. R. FELT.
 Rochester, July 14,1543. I\2V
(ash Gractrj and Provision Store.
 No. 133, Mara street, corner of North street.
 (Olil Stand of Edward Bardwell.)
 JUST receive l, an I will be kept constantly on
 hanJ, an extensive and complete aosjitmeat o
 Groceries sod Provisions.
 A large lot of Groceries jest received, bought in
 New oik, at tite lowest of the very low prices of
 tiie present season.
 Sag its, from a g »od article at 5 cents per lb. to
 the best crushed and powdered.
 Clear, heavy Porto Rico, C'mstnntia and New
 Orleans Molasses, rerv low for ’he qualfrv.
 Mackerel, Shal, Codfish, Ric-, Raisins, whole
 and ground Spices, Fruits, and all the articles,' t o
 i)u.nerous to mention, whi.'h nuke a full variety to
 supply every want of families or leaders.
 Choice flesh Green a id Brick Teas.
 Extra Old Java and other Coffees.
 Cash pai 1 for produce and pr .visions.
 The att ntion of funner*, city families an I dealers
 is respectfully solicited. To se who have long fre
 quented this well known stand are invited to con
 tinue their patronage, and all in want of goods in
 uiv line, are iuvitjd to examine my wra.tiacn: aud
 prices.
 1 sell for Cash only, and can therefore afford to
 sll low. A new lot of a *o.:s expected ti-ou New
 Yoik in a fow days, I intend to make arrange
 ment# s &gt;on to k ep a supply of f tt Labor Gfrccnts.
 Customers shall bo assured of as much reality as
 pretence in the quality and price of inv goods.
 G. B. StEBBINS.
 Rochester, July, 1948. 3m29
Important to Farmer:*.
 IDE’S Patent Wheel Cultivator and Wire Grass
 Plow. The Farming Public are hereby informed
 that Letters Patent liave been taken out by the Sub
 scriber for his recent great improvements in the con
 struction an I iianufacture of Fl k l d Cc l r i v a to p. s
 an improvemest so great as to entirely revolutionize
 the whole system of farming, by reducing me expense
 one-half or more. Wherever they have been intro
 duced, they have met the deci led approbation of
 farmers, as the following certificate# from the intel
 ligent an I practical farmers whose names are
 attached, abundantly .-h«W:
 CERTIFICATES.
 This may certify that we, the Subscribers, have
 seen and use 1 the Fatent Wheel Cultivator, invented
 bv Nathan Ide, of Shelby, Oilcans Co., New
 York, and believe it to be, as a lab -r-savmg ma
 chine, one of the greatest improvements of die age.
 By it, a farmer can put in from t*‘n to fifteen aeies
 more of wheat in a veer, with the same amount of j
 team lal»or; he can also sow it in much better order.
 By it also Canada thistles and other noxious wee 's
 may be totally extirpated. Said machine is so con- I
 suucUd that it can be regulated to go any depth, fc\
 moans of screws on the upper part of the machine,
 and thus either plow up the ground thoroughly, or
 onlv just brush die surface. Upon die whole, we
 think it decidedly the best machine ever invented for i
 pulverizing the ground and facilitating the labor of
 the Farmer, an t as rich we cheerfully recommend it
 to our brother farmers.
 James H. lie llev, J nn.'S Ide
 Enos Newman, John Stevens,
 John C. Wheeler, Harms liedy,
 Gardner Berry, James P. Anderson,
 Shelby, Co., April 23, 1518.
 We, tiie ualeraigned, purchase one of Nathan
 Ide’s Patent Cultivators last Foil, and found it
 answer tiie purpose so well, that we have this Spring
 made put chase of -another. We can with this Plow
 prepare with two horses, eight acres of laud per da)
 for wheat, and it is much better dune than by the
 old plows; an l the rind pepared by this Cultivator
 will yield 5 bush, per acre more.
 ELI CHURCH.
 Riga, June, 1543. DENNIS CHURCH.
 We consider this Cultivator one of the best
 labor-saving implements in usr, and as such com
 mend it to the tanning Community.— GaruccFurnur.
 After these testimonials, the Subscriber deems it
 unnecessary to enter into a long aud elaborate des
 cription of the implement, wdtli its various modes of
 operation. To be fully appreciated, it must lie seen
 and used. No farmer who folly understands his
 interest will be without one, as it is an invaluable
 implement.
 The wheals are 32 inches in diameter, with tire
 and bushes like an ordinary carriage wheel. The
 body of the Cultivator is a stout frame with two
 rows of tectli, 3 before, an I 4 beliinl; a tong.u
 complete# the whole, winch is firmly attached to die
 fame, and s-rves to g ii le an I steady it when in
 operation. The teeth are cast 14 inches long, pointed i
 with steel, and so formed as to wear sharp. Every
 part of the machine is built in a strong and durable
 manner.
 Tiie advantages of this Cultivator are manifol i.
 Ist. By means of the wheels tiie machine rims easy.
 and the teeth go to a uniform depth. 2J. The teeth
 arc s long, th.it the machine never chokes, the
 ordinary cobble stones an I bonl lers rolling readily
 between them. 3d. The tongue gii le» tin imp!
 meut with accuracy and precision. An I 4th. At j
 Seed time, bv going die list tine across the lands,!
 small channels or ducts are farmed leading into the
 mam furrows, which effectually take off the sinpms
 moisture, and thus ren ier the v.iktat I liable to be
 winter- killed. An additional improvement fin
 recently been miule to this machine, s&gt;&gt; mat die
 wheel may b.; lowered anil frame raised 7 inch s or i
 more, if uecessan, ami thus the depth regurited.
 A boy ten years old can rai.vi or lower it wit a ease.
 NATHAN IDE, Patentee.
 Slielby, Oilcans Co., N. Y. t July lsW.
 IDE’S Patent Cultivator is manufactured by 1
 LEVI WELLS, Buffalo Street, near th* Bull’s
 Ileal, Rochester, N. Y., wiiere farmers are invited
 to Call aui examine for immiseives.
 i
 New and Second-Hand (loibinfy
 At 49, Ex hm;t Strut, lLx.fu.xta.
 LLOYD SCOTT would most respectfully inform
 Ins trien is an I tiie PuNie g-neralfy, that he h.i* 1
 constantly on band an exc lle it a-iftrunrut of New
 ami SeCoud Hand Clothing, such as Coat*, Pant,- 1
 loons, V,-sts, itc., with which he will soppy
 Customers at die re-is n.1.1e Prices.
 L. fi. desires also b&gt; inf &lt;rm toe Public, that he
 attends to teparmg and iea.vat.ng, whic.i be war
 rants to be done at the cheapest r.,te, and m um
 best awl neatest possible manner, li t long ex en
 eitee ia the business warrants bta in asaoiiigail
 who inay patronize hi u, that ms shit shal, bo ooac
 to tb-iir entire Satisfaction.
 Rochester, Ja*y 11, 1549
 TRl\k&gt;! TRL\kn!
 THE. first (fuU\y of article ts to be had at LAING
 k BUNNELL 5 new E»ubt Mt-md, No. oil
 State Stre*-», RWiestvr. Also a g--fiera) assort
 newt ot Valises, Travehmg Bays, fr*., wtuett art
 otfe-eJ at the veiy lowest prices U u
 CarriagTn ii au,4g exe otoi m th-r latest style
 and wub iirpatrb, by J. T. Go g, at M oH Stand
 ia Stus Street, the Mai.sion House.
 J. T. L. haTjng. ha J extensive experience in tW
 Lama tno.Vets, ii.pti to give sa'.i.foZii ,u to a
 generous p-iUIc who s.uii laVo&lt; Un with Lieu pa
 tio»«ge.
 Rxiest-r, Jaly 11, 1543. 3a
 AUBURN a«4 ROCHESTER
 RAIL-ROAD
 ON sadafies Friday, Jan* 30th.rl*ers will fefct*
 rmzAS-'jw Train# dad-/ each wg,*
 Leaving KochssM -at 11a p. M P Jf
 jtlia.
 •2 A.M., SA.R., UC
 H*das»,tU traix 'oaring
 Albany and Tray ds Awards v ss%r_-^, will rscM.it
 ■r Lutomn tac atudm -aorxng
 whoa u *fr
 ye trad far fas swung ttswu.
 te k&amp;h,
 Ibfviag tucfcsMM daily. JiOlTjGsfen hessaf.
 _ w 2.'Jor.
 BnchssMr,T—Jtoy, Iffift.
 IfORE FOR KF. FOR MURK,
 r ptt soherriher has retrove! to tost neat. «s»»-
 Assnsr, and osStral feamdsog-hotsis. No. 2t C*ur*t
 Coart, hs most soppy Ift HW*
 i ik Ftm*4* of EU£&gt;ut* al r«iiia»h» »np&lt;
 He wishes hi# hnast to bs tbs caazrfo pwra is Ifa*
 M. whsrs fas frisnssof Twspsrsaes, raw*. Parity,
 Fwfes.Si Pnsossr. Aa-,ssyssUnc««ssr ,**4
 WHS M. SrEAk
 W~r*a. «sf ,?f. 1343
JOH FPINTINC.
 The north star office. far.-w^
 »‘t new/A Tyra, for the farec-'.fon vf T '*y
 dsscritUoO Cl Pnat; f With is-atsss* smi os»{ ..tn,
 at*v lists pticss for cas.i, f.t:
 Han. Aids, &amp;i*tA# f F&gt; D-W-».
 Pr txcujws, Circnars, BitLof La*.is|/
 Ptq ia'j, C«r‘s, Lalwis, 4.
NEW PUBLICATION*.
 WILL BE READY IN A FEW DAYS,
 ~,'\*vxxa*j Amzi, witns Lxf Jutchaf
 fo. hie bv ffn, HI,tW Ga~*t.
 ■A***’** »th Slot** eftt* r*t.
 rxettaa by the Na
 tion*! Coevenvna 8.r.1* i, 1343. Tb# edit h
 is sma awd t%-e who &lt;W* wiil tfe wall u
 sen t ia tbetr snlers mrl%.
 JUSTPUBUSHEp. s Lecture —risUl Tm«
 Tavt axd&gt; Rtsrxt Coxuitio.v rst Cvtkx'
 tu RiCt.ir tftnry Htf/UmnU Ganw. J
 li-rtf fro •N T- Oswsrs MU XO.VJ u.
 April go, 8.0.
Opr* to tk* PuUh, fr om 9. A .V. t-. 8 t&gt; V
 p.LANTLSLUERY OFFH F ku READ
 -1 ING ROOM. No. 23. Boff.fo Snvat. T;.«
 Koom rs neatly furnished, and the t.rbfos idled w iPa
 votueof tii« best A it,-Slave, v. re-garauce. K«.,-
 g.ous. Political s.id Literary i'ojvts.
VTARRATIN EOF TUE LIV E OF FRCDER
 ,*ri DOUGLASS, wi.tten by uimstu, to bw
 bsff at this office, pries SO ceats.
NOTICE.
 THE Copartnership heretofore rxi.tir- U-twreu
 CLCRK A Dl NCOMBE. wa, mut'uail, JTs.
 solved on the lit of April 1548.
 A. CLARK,
 C 11. W NCOMBE.
 Rochester, June t, 1843.
 DR. CLARK, still continues st No. S 9 Smith'#
 Arcade, Buffalo Street. Dr. Ciaik would in
 form the citizens of Reciiester and sunrnmrlin? coun
 try, mat be keeps a good assortment of Thomamian
 and other Botanic .Medicines, ncatn pot up with d*«
 rectioru for family use also for »J'e Dr Thomson's
 New Marei ia Mediea. i his valuable woik should
 be owned by every pr»ctKioasr and faunilv in tbs
 laid.
 A. CLARK.
 June 2, T 948. tf.
Ha!r-futtin? and Dressing at
 RALPH FRANCIS’S Saloon, under the Faglu
 Hotel, Buffi!)-street. jul It— 3m
BCDKS, Sic., For Sale at fhc AxTi-StAVritf
 Reacixg Roov, No. 23 Butikia
 «t., Second Story opposite the Arcade;
 Narrative of Frederick Douglass.
 Jo.lull.an ulker.
 Portrait
 Spooner n Unennstitutiosality of Slavery.
 W Phillips reply to do.
 L'-gion of Lib«*rtv.
 Slavery illustrated by ifv effect onWotmtr.
 Also a rich vai ietv ol Fancy and useful en tities
 mode bv the Ladies' Anti-Slavery Society.
Aiiw in th( Pun,
 A TRIBUTE I OR THE .\EC,RO.
 B EIXO A VIXUICATIOX Of TIIK MO It AL, INT Ii L*
 LLCTUAL ANU RCLIOfOUS CAPABJLIIIFA 0T
 THE COLORED PORTION OF MANKIND
 H’iM particular reftrpwt to t\r Ajncan race.
 Illustrate.) bv numerous authentic facts, Biographic*
 Sketches, Testimonies of Trareucra, Ac.
 The motives which have srtn.ifcd the author in
 preparing the above-mentioned work, me »&lt;,lcly a
 desire to interest and erlieliO u the pubhr mind, on
 a subject intimately connected with the happiness or
 misery of a large portion of the human lain ilv; and
 by a relation of facts and testimon:.'"', which no
 a**ertions rjvi annul, to remove a decj lv-rooted pre
 judice. existing in the mines of many, inpertirg the
 African race.
 It .s an important question whether the Negro is
 constitutional'y, and il.eicfoi*- ii remedial lv infeiior
 to tin white man. in the powers of the n 1 id. .Much
 »f the future welfare of the human ia&lt; e depen,•#
 the answer which experience and tin ts w*ill furnish
 to this question; for it concern- tot nit the vast
 population of Africa, but n.rnv nulliof» of the N\ gro
 race,w ho me locateil tlsewlmre,and d.e wi.ite. w'ia»
 are becoming mixed with the I,Jack race, it. o.uotrie*
 i wlrere Slavciy exist?, or where it bss exi/fed till
 j within a recent pardod. Many pri .w nave v.-ntoi
 e,i upon peremptory .!e' i..iom,'„ n both side,. u t,,.»
 question; but the majority appear to U N.ll urn it.#
 fie i as totlic real rapabifitie# of the Negro rate.—
 I heir present actiu/l inferiority m MSnv rcapreta,
 comparing them as a whole with the lighter colour
 ed portion ol mankind, id, too evident tol&gt;e disputed;
 )&gt;ut it must lie ftorne in mind that they are not in a
 lit condition for a fair comparison to la* drawn be
 tween ifie two. Their present degraded state may
 .e easily accounted for by the circumstance„ amidst
 which Negro*"* have lived, f«,th in their own country
 and abroad. Ifa single instance can tc adduced of
 an individual of the African race exhibiting a minis
 which would lie considered eminent in civilized Euro
 pean society we liave a proof that tlrere is no incom
 patibility between Negro organization and high in
 tellectual power, But it is not one alone, but many
 remarkable cases of this description that arc brought
 forward in the present volu.nc, which inrhuha up
 wards of 100 Biographical nk’Uhcs uj Africans ot (thir
 desrtndar.ts, beside# I ans and Anccdi.tcs, Trstiuio
 nics of Tiavellers, Mi.-sionaries, &amp;c., the whole
 forming a complete“Tribctk vokthk Nrc.Ro,”
 and exhibiting an undoubted refutation of tlm un
 loun.ie 1 calumnies which have been h, a|&gt;cdo(i th« nn
 fl.rtunatc race of Atiica, proving them to be endowed
 with every characteristic eon.stitotiiig their identity
 with the great family of .Man, and conscqiiantli, en
 titled to certain ii niaoenai/li* rights,” amongst whicts
 are life, Idw rty, and flic pursuit of happiness,” any
 infringement on which a daring usinpMlton of tiw
 prerogative and autlWTity of the Most High.
 The work wiHbe renrWe*! ndditioiodly interesting
 by AX ACrKOCRIATK I XTRODt; C/OR V I‘OXM,
 written puriM.sely for tiie mcasion, t.v Bxksaku
 B\ Rios. It will also L# e uric hex] the addiieni
 of a beautiful en-'ravmg, from a paiuting presented
 to tiie fo&gt;n ion Missionary Hoeicty, rej i-sent.i.g tw&lt;#
 Natives of s.mtli Atri*-a giving Evideiee Libre a
 .Select Coiinnirtee of the House of 1 ouniven.. 'flat
 Ah leans are giving. V idem e, Dr. I'J.nhp is seated
 in the foreground, and James Read, sen. and jnn.,
 Missionaries from .Mouth Africa, are standing, tla,
 latter acting a# interpreter. Tire volume wnl also con
 talil poi trails of
 Cisttcr., tiie Chief of Amistad Captives.”
 Jar l l itzor, Christian Chief of the Amakrwv
 Tribe,South Africa.
 J. W C. I*am.solos, a highly esteemed Minuter
 of the Gosjiel, of pure Afrna.l extrar te&gt;n.
 F RMO. KK t» Dot OLa &gt;S, file lugitiv** srive.
 Ot iuiiH I.igi ix.so, or t,i mam V assa.
 Engrave ion steel by brat-rate Artis's. Also afa r
 sfniLE of tie- wriirri# of Tot'SiAixr L’Ocvi r-
 Tt ef, the Black OnH'of Havti.
 Toe work W ill iw printed m the l«e*t type, on fine
 paper, and consist of about 300 jiagfsHvo., feoutiful
 »y rialud ill cfoth, With an appropriasb devic«, foul
 mg an elegant voiwme l-ir the dra ing -room table.
 Ah prouts arising from its sskt will Ur fo voted lo
 the Anti-slaveiy canoe; .Vmeriesn price, t., ,&gt;dm i
 ers trd; to n«fi-subserih#rs &amp;4i individuals .irsiro.
 of p»j*#r*-.ieg Copies wiliotfiigc by oemhog iftejr or
 der# to V\ il#os AkSlirtAP, Leecß, or to tiu
 NoSTH Biar Oifoc.
 PROftPEECTU.S OF THE
 American Joarsaf.
 0. S. FCTVffLER, LDHOR,
 TO ref rtn and p»-r&amp;r&lt;t ountcSvcs and r m r race, ,s
 the exaheti .ff work a. I. t, u, Un»
 nwut u ..&gt;r»ta/el tiie ikiuii C&lt;. «{*.utio... j
 riireo.foj), l'l.ytiofogy and Vital M*t »'i n su.~
 brace, and eence exputnd all the tins ol our ring,
 c-..#:itioos of and com.nuu uw pto*.**-
 sent u Lnivcrsal Tru
 rHRIMOLOOT
 F»rS nu-iber &lt;*j t! ounlarzett'e;; ‘l d rvf
 ioe-»t! n dC sens P irer.. id P'OS -HeO
 a rgf aa articsi oa uvea unt a ctvr.s
 a-ti a*»o na .rzin tut.t u iz*- J *c
 tr.fi.ffit; pt:«7. -.jt. v- xr-j*nw.J 'y Ju. wm.
 nnuLaci.
 !I»lu Izit, Tu iutfttJic4(J ttUnt v-r
 -tdc a3&lt;i tMfrOinru, of wt icii ;t :U. To
 perurvftUoC A£C ;ts«ziai4.t(«fiA
 g***■ r
 Wat «r*cUt! ;ea«rued...-. Itu.'srtsc
 trs.r* wtack ii sp.fi—a# n#* t* J
 tu* Jour.^l.
 Tcrcr® KCjr.
 Tbs U maptfajy lessees
 snari. vxl thrar frtfrnw he ra r-au
 utUaia,w%AL*»mtwtaoU*mrs*(d*.uka
 w\a Ax* at* awm*tiy, sad ««uld m*
 ft ew*iV»s* t muni
 ,ea&gt;T and (Ml To
 m&amp;ymairn wul bn promprav mtmi+kmL T
 kI A t rEiy Owu-
 SASIKLE NUMBERS of tii*. Seorml «dt Is
 ssot CrftA 1 IS, wfisq fewaod.
 roSraiio,!SSiir r‘* d w
 r»*
