in the fall of 1813, an a protracted ni
 nes« which was the consequence of my
 u.(remitted labors at that time—and
 ah while 1 was absent on an anti-sla
 very iniishn to England last year —it
 a) I tio.l to his recent valuable eervices
 —he geaerou ly volunteered to occup)
 th: editorial chair of the Liberator
 without asking, expecting or receiving
 a farthing, by way of pecuniary com
 p ;uiti&gt;n, for an amount of labor tha
 ouid n )t have been secured, i:i the or
 di lary course of InuiaoM, f&gt;r severa
 h t.idreis of dollars, Had it fc&gt;t bee:
 1 &gt;t tttis rare devotion to tue caoae of ea
 alivcd humanity, on his part, I couh
 n H nave g me oil my mission to Eag
 la id, Six f ork, au i Ohio; for I hat
 n»t the mians to lure a.iy on: to fii
 m/ va :a i? post. For whatever beoesit
 tlureore, that may have a::rued t
 the anti-slavery cause in consequence
 of th ‘ie missions, the credit is largely
 due to h; n.
 i'eruapi there is no.- one—-I will not
 except my sell?—«o virulently hated nod
 h&gt; vulgarly an tiled by the betrayers ol
 the auTi-slavery* enterprise, a* Edmund
 Quia Tney perceive in him the
 in ».st (h »r&gt;ugh detestation of knavery—
 a i absolute regard for interity of char
 a tier—a sagacity, amounting to intu
 iti&gt;n, in the detection of hypocrisy and
 can*—a spirit that can neither be flat
 tered n »r intimidated into a compromise
 ol principle—-an ability and willingnesi
 to unmask imposture, such as fear it
 tdiisi agg possess—agd a sublimx eleva
 lion of soul above that fear, ay, am
 that favor of man, which brinreth i
 snare,” Hence their torment at hii
 presence. Hiw they writhe aid how
 und.*r the well-merited strokes inflictei
 wall his satirical lash!—Not one of then
 d oes he a'.l ow to go unvvliipt of jus
 tice.” No marvt-l that they resort V
 th: vocabulary of Billingsgate to expres
 their contempt and hatred of him. N
 higher honor could he covet, than thi
 outpou.iag of their malignity. Poor
 10 w-mm led traducers! conscious of theii
 own baseness, and unable to cope wit!
 him in the lield of inoral integrity, thei
 can only rail at him as one who is an
 “aristocra!’\!) by birth, and who ought
 to be scouted because h is the son ol
 so highly hoaired u man a* Josiali
 Quincy, the lulu President of Ilarvarc
 University.
 Among the many individuals wh
 have esp »u*sed the cause of the de
 spised black man in this country, then
 is u&gt; one, to my knowledge, who ha:
 given evidence of greater moral emir
 ugc aid disinterestedness—greater ti
 d.lity and devotion—than Kdmum
 Qiixcy. Considering lih education
 t-i ally, prospects, the circle in which h&lt;
 ni iveJ, the piwerful con-?ervaitv-e iniln
 caces with which he was surrounded
 the strong inducements ho had to slant
 ul j &gt;i from companionship with the til
 trais s ol the d ly, and to give uulim
 iied indulgence to lim natural taste foi
 literary pursuits, no man has sacri/icec
 ui &gt;re i.i tiic cuuse, or s.'i iwn in »ro rea
 iuJupcnduuco, or displayed greater he
 roism of soul, than him self. It is under
 such circumstances that prodigies arc
 uulj— uu.l he is conspicuously of that
 cl i-s. Pew, very lew, can comprehend
 11 &gt;&lt;v dillicult it must liavo been tor one,
 tlius situated, openly to take his place
 by the side of those who were ever,
 wnere lira ided as fanatics and incen
 diaries—;o g down, with a rnaligaan
 pu die eye taste nod upon him, to t!u
 in vest depth of hu na i degradation, ii
 his sympathy for the imoruted slave—
 t&gt; f»rsn.se ‘‘father and mither, and
 broth :r and sister,” a id peril “houses
 and »aaJs” in prospect, for the sake ol
 a t&gt;) impoverished to offer the
 aiigutest c unpensation, and too fcehlv
 befriended t make the advocacy of their
 rignts even a matter of decency.
 Mr. Quincy was not among the earliest
 friends of the anti-slavery cause; neither
 d;d lie come in at the eleventh hour; for
 that hour has at last conic, though
 every man who shall faithfully labor
 th: remainder of the day shall be en
 titled to his penny. It was in the very
 darkest hour of the cause, when the
 mad less of monocracy had become
 contagious all over the land, and all
 parties and sects were thirsting, as it
 were for the blood of the abolitionists;
 whoa ft iston, relined, enlightened, be
 nevolent Boston, was forever disgraced
 in history, by the lawless conduct of
 live thousand gentlemen of property
 and standing,” on which it is not neces
 sary hero to dilate; it was at such a
 crisis, the mind of Mr. Quincy was
 anused t »the investigation of the sub
 ject of slavery and the principles of the
 abolitionists. Unm »ved by popular
 clamor, uninfluenced by family ties,
 u.Horrified by the certainty of losing
 “caste, having satisfied his judgment
 and conscience in the premises, he
 boldly avowed himself to he an aboli
 tionist of the most ultra” stamp, the
 determined foe of slavery under all
 ‘circumstances, the glad associate of
 men who were without reputation, for
 bleeding humanity's sake! It was truly
 a sublime act; a glorious achievement.
 Since th it hour, the anti-slavery cause
 has'pas led through many vicissitudes
 had many extraordinary phases; been
 betrayed on the light and on the left
 lost many of its earliest adherents,
 through shameful apostacy; but at no
 ti.no lias Mr. Quincy faltered i:i his
 c &gt;ur ;c, or swerved one hair's-breadth
 from tin siraight line of uncompromi
 sing abolitionism. His integrity is
 wuh &gt;ut spot or blemish; his courage
 eqail t any emergency; his vigilance
 in the dete nt m of danger to the cause,
 through th? &lt;-awardice of some, and
 the time-serving spirit of others, sleep
 less aid unwearied; ins readiness to
 metet the big ie»t re luiromciits of auti
 aiavery duty, unsurpassed.
 If Mr. Qumcy hud cherished any
 reg irJ for his g lod name and tame,”
 in a popular sense, most certainly he
 would not have thus identified hiinselt
 with sect every where spoken
 against.” If he had had any disposi
 ti mi to espouse the side of reapecta
 l»i it p,(the term is here used compar
 atively.) he w mid have üband »ned the
 Aincnaan Anti-Slavery Society in ita
 great extremity, in the memorable year
 ’JO. in company with James ti. ftirnoy,
 Arthur* and Ixrwis Tappan, and nearly
 all that had my wealth or resjmeta
 bihty,” left, and made himself conspi
 cuous a n Ml; t!te titled personages,
 b »th “d*vm and human, who organ
 ized the jiompous American mvt
 Fjreir&gt;t Anti-Slavery Society.” But
 he cb iiC rather to fuller alilictton with
the “comftftn pqdfce,” the trtre friends
 of the *!s*♦, whe remained flrit hful in
 I their adherence to the Srjcii, than te
 enpy the honors which such an apm
 i taev would surelyhave Kfwet] ts him.
 at iealt “for a Hesaou.” |-J t
 Again. The frrmatiow of thrrfon
 Re ii ■stance Socieiy aim &gt;ai eulirely re
 tnaved the curie fro;n the Anti-Slavery
 movement. It excited universal cott
 i tempt, and was availed by every
 of ridicule. For one to be Garri-
 I soiian* Aholitioaiit, was bad enough;
 bul to be a n &gt;n-resi*tant was altogcthei
 intolerable. Mr. Quincy might have
 1 avoid'd the odium of being a membei
 of the N m-Rewatance Society; hi*
 i anti-slavery obligations did not reqnitf
 i this new martyrdom; lie could at teas*
 have u»«n a non-committal course ir
 regard to it. Moreover, he was a law
 ye« —yes, and also a justice of the
 f peace; and non-resistance would strif
 !hi n of his profession and his office!—
 Hew, then, did he behave? Did h&lt;
 think of preferment, station, popularity
 and turn away from a candid examine
 t f&gt;n the principles and doctrines o
 the Non-Resistance Society? No.—
 Startling as was the enunciation of thbs&lt;
 principles, and novel as was the proefa
 mation of those doctrines, he dared t&lt;
 I grapple with them, and to give them s
 severe analysis. It was not hastily tha
 he gave in his adhesion to them (fo
 I I there is nothing impulsive m his char
 i j acter) as based upon everlasting truth
 i tHfe dictates of unsophisticated reason
 1 1 the instincts of humanity, absolute dis
 i interested ness of spirit, godlike magna
 a nimity, and that love which is the fu!
 I filling of the law,** because it worksn«
 1 j ill even to the most crininal of wrong
 i doers, —the most bitter of enemies!—
 But as soon as his judgment was con
 minced, he “conferred not with flesl
 and blood,” but made himself one wit!
 j the despised non-resistants—and mos
 ably, as the principal editor of Th&lt;
 Non-Resistant,” did he vindicate th&lt;
 position and object of the Society.
 i But did he carry out his principles
 He was a lawyer—did he abandon tin
 i profession? Yes. He was a justiceo
 the peace—did he give up his commis
 i sion? Yes. In his letter to Gov. Ev
 crett, Sept. 2*l, 18$9, returning tha
 I commission, be nobly said:
 “I am induced to take this courst
 for many reasons, of which it will b&lt;
 sufficient to assign the following:
 cannot c mscientiously discharge thi
 s duties imposed by the office of a con
 "I servator oi the public peace, which ne
 cessarily involve the assumption of th&lt;
 I l ight on the part of the community, del
 egated to me, of taking human lite
 J j which assumption, whether made by in
 dividuals or nations, I believe to be i
 sin against God. Again, I wisbbythii
 liact to absolve myself From the guilt
 -1 incurred by taking the oath of alle
 giauce to the Anti-Christian Constitu
 ti &gt;n of this State and of the L r nite&lt;
 I States, at the time I accepted the office
 I i hough 1 hold an oath of allegiance tc
 any government, founded on the riglu
 ot taking lile at its discretion, to be
 j absolutely void ab iui/io, being con
 trary to tho allegiance due, and due
 only, to the Most High, still I cannoi
 j feel myself discharged from the sin o
 I rebellion against the (sovernment o
 j God, without a public abjuratiou of al
 allegiance under which I may have lai&lt;
 II myself to any existing human Govern
 meat. 1 do, therefore, in the prcsenct
 i of Almighty God, and before you, ai
 Chief Magistrate of this Common
 I wealth, hereby abjure and renounce al
 allegiance which I may at any time
 have acknowledged myself to owe tc
 any government of man’s institution.—
 I And I call upon Him and you to wit
 ness that I have put away from inysell
 this iniquity for ever!”
 Is such a man to be sneered at as
 a istocratic,” either in aim or char
 acter? Yes—by those who are in
 i capable of doing a noble act, or appre
 ciating a sublime example—and by no
 others.
 The name of Quincy is an honored
 one in the history of the old Bay State,
 from an early period; but among all
 who have borne tho name, none de
 serves to be held in more grateful re
 membrance by posterity than that of
 Edmund Quincy.
EMERSON IN ENGLAND.
 K. W. Emerson-, Esq., addressed tha
 mating amidst much much applause, lie
 concluded his speech as follows:
 I was brought up from my childhood in
 the belief tint this British island, from which
 iny forefathers came, was not a lotus garden;
 was not a paradise of serene skies and roses,
 and incrrim :nl, ail the year round; no, but a
 cold, foggy, mournful country, bearing no
 t'.uit well in the open air. but robust meu and
 virtuous women; atul those, too, of a certain
 wonderful fibre and endurance; a certain peo
 ple whose good qualities and virtues were not
 very swift to show themselves, and never
 camo out till they quarreled, i was told, to
 use a country phrase of oure, that tliey did
 not strike twelve the first time. Good lovers
 tliey were, and good listers they were; and
 you could not know much of them until you
 had svu them in action. In their prosperity,
 it was said, they wore apt to be a little mood v
 and dumpish; but in adversity they were
 grand. 1 »sk, you, sir. did not the wise
 ancients hold in less esteem that bark which
 was departing from port with all her colors
 flying, than that ship which was coming hack
 with battered sides and torn canvass, but bad
 ridden out the storm? Aud so, sir, I feel
 Inwards this aged England, when I see it in
 tbs pow'ssion of trophies and honors, and
 also t:i th* infirmities which an gathering
 round her. conriuttcd irretrievably as she is
 to many ancient customs,notsuddenly changed;
 pressed as she n» b» the transitkhis of' trade,
 aud mode of inamiiiiclurc*, and csompcting
 populations. W ith ail these pressing upon
 ii -r, m-t dispirited, not weak, bm strong, verv
 well r *m?mb-ring that she has seen many
 hard days b:*f»re; nay, with a belief that she
 can *3B with her old eye* a fifth* bryond those
 cohl aud discouraging tuaes—ledmg a little'
 t vigor, and a puW like a ca.aiou—when
 1 are, sir —w hen I see that m her old age she!
 ,Ujt d ere pul, but is still young, still folicv
 lu?; dhfing hi believe in her power of
 en«hr-u»«. an&lt;r x anß J o(lt f Hail.
 m«ih *r ot nation** m ,il*ey of her« -s, all hail! 1
 wu I a vtro;ig ana sail equal to th* turn*, «rith{
 spirit u* wtmvu .udswiu to dm;
 at lha waw require, and thereby huspita-
 I UXH, only to find
 th. truth in him. and a true home to bey own 1
 g.n-Mos and thoughtful chibfr-o. Bobeui
 air; long lie it so, from age to ago but if bvl
 courage fail before Die momentary calamm**
 id UV* commerce, I wdl r.Vum u&gt; Mwr.rhu-,
 *-4* aad ta my iutk* ludi ut stnum, and savl
 to my Aneriaia (Heads, The old race is *ll
 rmiv*, and if hope and elasticity are to be’
 fjtmd, they must be on the ranges of th* AJ-I
 hgbaiirw, or aowhetc.
r m m sta^,
 lt, ISIS, y
 We war w%m Mexico.
 From aught that appears in the present
 f poattioa and movements of the executive ami
 cabinet—the proceedings of either branch ot
 the national Congress.—the several State
 Legislatures, Nooh and South—the spirit st
 Uu public pleas—the coortocl of leading men,
 people of the United States at large, slight
 I hope can rationally be predicated of a very
 speedy termination of tha present disgraceful,
 cruel, and iniquitous war with our sister re
 public. Mexico seems a doomed victim to
 Anglo Saxon cupidity aad love of demimoo.
 Tha dele manat kmi of our elavefceWiog Presi
 dent to prosecute the war, and the probability
 i of h» oaceess in wringing torn thw peepfe
 men and money to carrf Hon, b made evident,
 rather than doubtful, by the puny opposition
 f arrayed against him. No politician of any
 'j con side table distinction or eminence, see mi
 willing to hazard his popularity with hit party,
 or stem the fierce current of executive influ
 t ence, by an open aad unqualified disapprove
 t tion of the war. None seem witting to tak&lt;
 r their stand for peace at all risks; and all seen
 j willing that the war should be earned on, it
 some form or oilier. If any oppose the Prcsi
 dent’s demands, it b not because they hau
 the. war, hut for want of information as to th&lt;
 t
 j aims and objects of the war. The boldest
 declaration oa this point b that of Hon. Johr
 j P. Hale, which b to the effort that he will no)
 _' vote a single dollar to the Presideat lor carry
 ing on the war, until he shall be fully iuforatec
 i j of the purposes and objects of the war. Mr
 i Hale knows, as well as the President can io-
 II form him, for what the war is waged; and ye)
 he accompanies his decldhftion with that pro
 dent proviso. This shows how deep seatet
 s and strongly bulwarked is the evil agains)
 which wc contend. The Iwldest dare noi
 j. fully grapple with it.
 Meanwhile, tha plot thickeasthe evi]
 _ spreads. Large demands are made on the
 t national treasury, (to wit: the poor man'i
 pockets.) Eloquent and patriotic speeches
 i arc made in the Senate, House of Represen
 i tatives aud State Assemblies: Whig as well
 I i as Democratic governors stand stoutly up foi
 i the war: experienced and hoary-headed states
 men tax their declining strength and ingenuity
 in devising waysaud means for advancing the
 j infernal work: recruiting sergeants and corpo
 rals perambulate the laud in search of victim*
 j for'tho sword and food for powder. Whercvei
 t there is a sink of iniquity, or a den of pollu
 i* tion, these buzzards may be found in search
 of their fJtliy prey. They dive into the rum
 shop, and gambling house, aud other sinks toe
 infamous to name, with swine-like avidity, in
 I pursuit of degraded men to vindicate the in
 sulted honor of our Christian country. Mili
 -1 tarv chieftains and heros multiply, and tower
 ing high above the level of common men, are
 glorified, if not deified, by the people. The
 I whole nation seems to wonder after these
 [bloody] beasts.” Grasping ambition, tyran
 f nic usurpation, atrocious aggression, cruel
 f and haughty pride; spread, and jjervade the
 1 land. The curse is upon us. The plague it
 I abroad. No part of the country can claim
 entire exemption from its evils. They may
 be soon as well in the State of New York, at
 in South Carolina on the Penolweot, as on
 II the Sabine. The people appear to be com
 pletely in the hands of office seekers, dema
 gogues, and political gamblers. Within the
 bewiilleriug meshes of their political nets,
 they are worried, confused, and confounded,
 so that a general outcry is heard—“ Vigorous
 prosecution of the war!”—“ Mexico must be
 humbled!”—“ Conquer a peace!”—“ Indem
 j nity!”—■“ War forced upon us!”—“ National
 honor!”— The whole of Mexico Our
 j destiny! This continent! Anglo
 Saxon blood More territory Free
 institutions!”—“ Our country!” till it seems
 indeed that justice has fled to brutish beasts,
 and men have lost their reason.” The taste
 of human blood and Use smell of powder seem
 to have extinguished the senses, seared the
 i conscience, and subverted the reason of the
 people to a degree that may well induce the
 gloomy apprehension that our nation has fully
 entered on her downward career, and yielded
 herself up to the revolting idea of battle and
 blood. Fire and sword,” are aow the
 choice of our young republic. The loss of
 thousands of her own men, and the slaughter
 of tens of thousands of the sons and daugh
 ters of Mexico, have rather given edge than
 duloess to our appetite for fiery conflict and
 plunder. The civilization of the age, the
 voiee of the world, the sacredness of human
 life, the tremendous expense, the dangers,
 hardships, and the deep disgrace which must I
 forever attach to our inhuman course, seem
 to oppose uo availing check to the mad spirit
 of proud ambition, blood, and carnage, let
 loose in the land.
 We have no preference for parties, regard- j
 ing this slaveholding crusade. The one is as
 bad as the other. The friends of peaee have i
 nothing to hope from either. The Democrats
 claim the credit of commencing, and the
 Whigs monopolize the glory of voting aup
 plies and carrying on the war; branding the
 war as dishonorably commenced, yet boldly I
 persisting in pressing it on. If we have any!
 preference of twe such parties, that prefer- j
 ence inclines to ihe one whose practice, though j
 wicked, most accords with its professions.
 Wc know w here to find tho so called Demo
 crats. They are the accustomed ponderer**
 to slaveholder*: nothing is either too mean, 1
 too dirty, or infamous for them, when com
 manded by the merciless min stealers of our 1
 country. No one expects any thing honorable
 or decent from that party, touching human j
 rights. They annexed Texas under the plea j
 of extending the area of freedom. They,
 elected James K. Polk, the slaveholder, as i
 the friend of freedom; and they have backed
 him up to his Presidential falsehoods. They I
 have used their utmost endeavors is crash the j
 right of speech, abridge the right of petition,
 and to perpetuate the enslavement of the col
 ored people of this country. But we do not
 intend to go into any examination of parties
 just now. That we shall hare frequent op
 portunities of doing hereafter. We wish
 merely to give our readers a gensval portrait i
 of the present aspect of oar country is regard
 to the Mexican war, its design** ssd its re- j
 suits, as tficy have thus fkr tresMfired. j
 Of the settl'd determinatwa to prosecute
xmdu; hia«*aa.b»
 hav* allied fouaifeun; lU *h«*
 teW i» tft»t «mm ?W»d
 MMlt I their lrmly ia
 th* hearts of t^»pooi&gt;lf, and to I
 hraft* for the conflict. AH “to* te
 deMi all suienag despised; all honor es
 eiM««4; «Q dried «p; aai all tte boltoi
 prompting! of the soul bluo Usd, silenced
 and repudiated, while all the furies of brfl are
 rorofced to gm4r w MU Ha*,~-oai
 awn hilling marhimj, —near ia and eat ol
 iiiee of head aad heart, principles and maxims,
 counsels and warning!, which ooce commanded
 reepect, and neureft aiuot'i twitl
 ill now he aeonted; acr.se of decency muat bt
 utterly drowsed: age nor aez must exercise
 nay humaiming effoct upon our gallant sol
 dicis, or restrain their aataaic designs. 11m
 fftoans of slaughtered men, the screams pi
 •iolaied women, and the eriea of orphan chil
 dren, must bring no throb of pity from oai
 national heart, but must rather terse as mash
 to inspire eur gallant troops to deeds of alro
 eioua cruelty, lust, and blood. The work it
 thus hid out, commenced, and ia to be con
 tinned. Where it will end is known only u
 the Great Ruler of the U Ol terse; but when
 the responsibility rests, and upon whom tetri
 button will hi), is sore and certain.
 In watching the efects of the war spirit
 prominent amodg Will he seen, not onli
 the subversion of the great principles of Chris
 tian morality, hot the most horrid blasphemy
 While traveling from Rochester to Victor
 a few days ago, we listened to a eoavcraarioi
 bet wees two perms of apparent ge utility am
 intelligence, on the subject of the Unite*
 States’ war against Mexico. A wide differ
 enee of opinion appeared between them; th
 one contending for the rightfulness of th&lt;
 war, and the other against it. The main &amp;r
 gument in favor of the war was the meanness
 and wickedness of the Mexican people; and
 to cap the climax, he gave it as his solemi
 conviction, that the hand of the Lord was in tin
 wort! that the cup of Mexican iniquity wa
 full; and that God was now making use o
 the Anglo Saxon race as a rod to ehastiw
 them! The effect of this religious outhurs
 was to stun his opponent into silence: hi
 seemed speechless; the ground was too higl
 and holy for him; be did not dare reply to it
 and thus the conversation ended. When me;
 charge their sins upon God, argument is idle
 rebuke alone is needful; and the poor man
 lacking the moral courage to do this, sa
 silent.
 Here, then, we have religion coupled wit
 I our murderous desigr.s. We are, in th
 hands of the great God, a red to chastise thi
 rebellious people! What say our evangeli
 cal clergy to this hlasj hemy? That clerg
 seem as silent as the grave; and their silenc
 jis the greatest sanction of the crime. The
 have seen the blood of the innocent poure
 out like water, and are dumb; they have see
 the truth trampled in the dust—right sough
 by pursuing the wrong—peace sought b
 prosecuting the sought by dl;
 honorable means, —and have not raised
 whisper against it: they float down with th
 multitude in the filthy current of crime, an
 are hand in hand with the guilty. Had th
 pulpit been faithful, we might have bee
 saved from this withering curse. We aomi
 times fear, that now our case as a nation i
 hopeless. May God grant otherwise Ou
 nation seems resolved to rush on in he
 wicked career, though the road be ditche
 with human blood, and paved with huma
 skulls. Well, be it so. But, humble as w
 arc, and unavailing as our voice may be, w
 wish to warn our fellow countrymen, lha
 they may follow the course which they hav
 marked out for themselves; no, barrier may b
 sufficient to obstruct them they may accora
 plish all they desire Mexico may fall be for
 them; she may be conquered and subdued
 her government may be annihilated—be
 name among the great sisterhood of nation
 blotted out; her separate existence annihilated
 her righto and powers usurped; her peoph
 put under the iron arm of a military despot
 ism, and reduced to a condition little
 than that endured by the Saxons when vau
 quished by their Norman invaders; but, s&lt;
 sure as there is a God of justice, we shall no
 ge unpunished; the penalty is certain; w&lt;
 cannot escape; s terrible retribution await:
 us. We beseech our countrymen to leave ol
 this horrid conflict, abandon their murderoui
 plans, and forsake the way of Mood. Perad
 venture our country may yet be saved. Lei
 the press, the pulpit, the ehurch, the peoph
 at large, unite at ones; and let petitions flooc
 the halls of Congress by the million, asking
 for the instant recall of our forces form Mexico
 This may not save us, but it is our onh
 hope.
IT? Oa another column of tbit week’s
 number will be.found a well-deserved, well
 timed, and eloquent tribute from the pen of
 William Lloyd Garrison, to the worth of that
 fearless champion and fearless writer in the
 cause of human freedom, Edmund Quincy.
 We most heartily unite in this grateful com
 mendation. Regarding him as one of the
 best in our ranks, we think him the least ap
 preciated by the rest of Abolitionists. Com
 ing from the ranks of the favored few in our
 land, it is not remarkable that be should be
 regarded with a little ooolaeeo, by the rank
 and file of our noble army, made up as they
 are of humble men end women, strangers to
 his habits and mode of life. Mr. Quincy was
 one of the first abolitionists in this country, by
 whom we were kindly welcomed, and taught
 to furget our despised complexion. We were
 newly from the slave plantation, rude in our
 manners, rough m our appearance, and awk
 ward in our movements, and altogether mtae
 rustomed to refined and educated society; and
 when to invite a colored naan hts the hum
 blest abode of white persons, required great
 moral courage, he did not hesitate to welcome
 us to his home and hosphahty—showing him
 self more of man and less an aristocrat, than
 the heartless herd who are now calling him
 this meaningless name, to destroy his asu
 dnvery influence.
 E7* The Editor of the Bottom C%rtm*fpe
 mjm, that if there’s a hors hi this lower
 world, it ia a pulpit devoted exclusively to a
 religion which has nothing to do with any
 earthly thing,” Oh, the degeneracy of
 the American Presa! What will dm sacri
 irghma heretic say aext T
rSA.IAUA’S BIKTUkUATi
 It wifi bo highly fnuifjrin|r to m friends
 la all parts of the world, m observe to the pro
 ceedings of this unul festival, published oo
 our third pagt, that the vulgar asd senseless i
 prejudice against colored persons, so pur* a-
 leal in oar land, waa utterly repudiated by the
 gentlemen of the press in due city, on the oe* j
 caawn of this anniversary. It is indeed, a moat
 hopeful evidence of the progress of free prm
 -1 triples, when the most intelligent acd re
 japeetaMa cniaras of all political parties, do
 tpimig popular prejudice, cordially welcomed
 equal and brotherly terns with themselves.
 Prejudice against color cannot long exist.
 We commend the fact to the New York Sun
 day Dispatch, New York Express, Bennett's
 Herald, and the Democratic Review. We
 would also call the attention of the American
 j Colouantioa Society, and all religious organi
 xatkms, which keep up a distinction in their
 churches on account of color, but we will not
 dwell. The fact speaks for itself.—■
 Tb earning yet for s’ that.
 Wtou mma to an the world o’er
 Shall brother be for s* ihet.’V
AMERICAN PREJUDICE.
 It is far from our purpose, in managing the
 editorial department of the Nceth Star, to
 assail the eye* of our readers, especially our
 trans-Atlantic readers, with all the low black
 guardisms and vile abuse w hich the American
 press may see fit to lavish upon us. We wish
 to keep our columns as free as possible from
 the course vulgarity and malignant peraon
 i alities which distinguish a very large, and,
 we are sorry to say, influential portion, of the
 American press. But our readers will par
 don the departure from this rule, by the pub
 lication of the following article from the De
 mocratic Review for January, as it comes
 from a source which may be said to represent
 the respectability and refinement uf the Dem
 ocratic party, as well as the public opinion of
 our country at large
 The Canard steamer line from Boston to
 Liverpool, are coming hereafter to Mew York,
 as the proprietors are alarmed at the rivalry so
 suddenly ewdeuced by the appearance oi Ute
 American line of steamers truin N T ew York,
 via Southampton, to Bremen. So far, these
 trans-Atlantic steamers have been wholly sup
 ported by American patronage, which it once
 withdrawn, will throw them probably ou their
 beam-ends. And this is a result likely to
 occur from present symptoms. If the Aiuen
 can line prove itself to be equal in safety ai d
 s|&gt;ee(l —and who can doubt that American
 skill is not equal to British any day, on sea or
 [land? it is beyond all question certain, that
 1 every true-hearted American will cheerfully
 lend every encouragement to his country
 enterprise. There is another reason, stronger
 'still, why we should give a rebuke to thu
 English Cunard line, which, in the day of its
 ascendancy, dared to venture upon a brutal
 display of hostility to American prejudices,
 I that should be remembered now.
 “Only last year, that black vagabond
 Douglass, who spent his time in England
 propagating his filthy lies against the 1 mtet
 Stales, which were greedily swallowed bs
 English hypocrites and fools, returned to thu
 country in the Cambria, under the espccia
 protection of Capt. Judkins, who first insislec
 that this offensive negro should sit at table
 with American gentlemen and, failing it
 this, he magnanimously gave up to his odor
 ous protege his own bed and state room. Tht
 year before that, Capt. Judkins, whose black
 propensities are strong in the ascendant, au
 j thorised this self-same negro to hold forth or
 his deck against the cruelty and infamy oi
 j lying America, that talked of liberty in 'om
 breath, and refused to live cheek by jowl
 j with their nigger brethren in the next. Or
 remonstrances being being temperately made
 by some American gentlemen, this msoleni
 cub of the sea, Capt. Judkins, threatened U
 put them in irons Ought we not to get hirr
 j up a public dtnner, and a cold bath to boot
 J on his advent in New York This suggestion
 we learn, is under meditation.
 j Here we liave it. Capt. Judkins dared It
 j display hostility to American prejudices; am
 therefore this Review—this great defender o!
 democratic liberty, gently recommends thai
 captain Judkins be thrown in the dock, on his
 arrival at New York. We own that we liavs
 said some hard things against America, ami
 that we have helped to expose the bittei
 spirit of persecution to which colored person!
 are subjected throughout this country; but
 we are confident that we have said nothing
 half so well calculated to drsgrace our nation
 in the eyes of the civilized world, as thb
 same article in the Democratic Review. Had
 the New York Express, Sun, or Herald, used
 the language above, we should not have taken
 any notice of it; their pro-slavery malice
 being widely known and well understood;
 and being also understood to belong to that
 bloodhound class of American newspapers,
 whose business it is to hunt negroes for their
 Southern masters. From such as these we
 might well expect such things, but not from
 the Democratic Review. This periodical has
 lor some time been regarded as a decent and
 respectable print; and it is therefore some
 what surprising to find it dealing in course and
 vulgar abuse, and coolly counselling the
 citizens of New York to Lynch Capt. Jud
 kins. “Give him a cold bath," —that is,
 Shove him into the dock. We recommend
 the idea to Punch. He might give us a fine
 picture of Jooathan in the act of giving Capt.
 Judkins a cold bath.
 There are one or two falsehoods in the
 article above. Though of no great import
 ance, we may as well correct them at once.
 Capt. Judkins never invited, or insisted id
 our sitting at the table with white A unt
 ie an Gentle*ex;” nor did be threaten to
 put the slaveholders in irons, tiU these
 American Gentlemen got up a mob which
 might have endangered the lives ot these
 self-same gentlemen. But we suppose tills
 democratic defender of mobs, w ho would
 throw Capt. Judkins overboard, and who
 recommends the deed, will be as ready to
 defend the mob or mutiny at sea, as he is to
 recommend Lynch law in New York. “This
 is a great country
 We give our readers another specimen of
 American skin-deep aristocracy; and pledge
 oumelvee that we shall not often their
 ayes with such loathsome stuff
 Frederick Douglass, the nigger pet of the
 British Aboliiwuisf, has fixed upon Rochester
 ss the place in which to establish sa abolition
 paper, fee which the fends have been fur
 nished m England, for the express and impu
 dently avowed object of destroying the «oo
 »rituuoo and ,Unmo of the United States.
 We beard this saucy nigger, in the Broadway
 Tabernacle, boast of his hatted to this govern
 ment sad its institauooft, and boost of the
 eneottrageraesi he received os the other side
 uf the Atlaaue. Detroit and Cleveland hove
 been spates of as the plaee selected by this
 British mnkußry, for the seenc of his opera
now; but bare m» wars m urn pro-
 Ipnctua Of the North Staf/ l*W published
 a Rochester.
 44 We do aot know wba! the worthy eiti
 lena of Rodteater will do in «h» case—or
 whether they will aot think it beardJi them to
 (kfMiythhig• law, cunaiderod apart from
 bio wlute hoot era un both aakw of the Atltn-
 Uc.arf little importance' si smart, unprin
 cipled mulat o. Still, the establishnu'ist and
 apparent rapport of his paper thcr**, will be a
 serious detriment to the place; and aa a moder
 ate sum of money would, doubtless, induce
 Douglass to go to Toronto or Kingston, iu
 Canada, where he will be much more at
 home, the Rochester people will do well to
 buy him off.'*— Sutuh y Ihspeif k.
EF The following parting won!*, of our
 faithful friend and brother Del any, to the rea
 ders of the A fysi~ry, will be read by the Pa
 trons of the North Stab, with emotions of
 pleasure. We hope, soon, to lay before our
 readers, editorial correspondence from our ab
 sent coadjutor.
 This number rods the Fourth Volume, and
 with it, our connexion as Editor of the Mys~
 trry. For upwards of four years the paper
 has been afloat upon tin: breeze, during which
 time, excepting three months, (when it was
 edited by the Committee) we have stood at
 the helm of our steady little barque, steering
 right onward for the cimtinent of Liberty and
 Equality. If ever we have touched success
 fully any of her ports, we leave those who
 have been the constant observers of our move
 ments to decide.
 We commenced the enterprise alone, on
 the 30th of August, 1843, and as many know,
 after nine months, transferred over to a Com
 mittee, the proprietorship. The position that
 we assumed, was to claim for our oppressed
 fellow countrymen both bond and free, every
 right and privilege belonging to man, holding
 as an indispensible prerequisite, that whatev
 er is necessary for the elevation of the whites,
 is necessary for the colored. In order the
 more fully to illustrate tlie truthfulness of this
 i position, wc had frequently to touch subjects
 that at o:.ce affected the pride and interests ot
 our brethren, who often in consequence, look
 ed upon us more as an injurer than a friend.
 Put our determination being perseverance,
 and our course onward,’we had not long been
 toiling with the popular tide and current of
 our people's errors, until the young people
 particularly of the West, were aroused to a
 quickening sense of their condition, and in
 many cases inexcusable positions in society,
 and wo at o.ie timi, had the asto.iishnv.mt. as
 j well as the pleasure of seeing eleven papers
 spring up iu different parts of the country, all
 of which joined issue with us, advocating the
 very same doctrines, or 'commending oui
 I course. Among the number were, the Dis
 franchised American, Colored Citizen, Palla
 dium of Liberty, Clarksonian, Herald, (Har
 j risburg, Pa.) Advocate, (N. Y. city,) Eleva
 tor, &amp;c
 In addition to which in every direction, the)
 launched forth upon the mental ocean natural
 ly enough concluding, that if we, an inexperi
 enced adventurer, were capable of taking tin
 helm and striking with certainty many of tlx
 ports of importance to us as a people, tin
 same results might as probably follow like ef
 forts on their own part. And we can safely
 say, in tn» period of our modern existence, war
 the talents of the colored people, male and fe
 male, developed to such an extent as since the
 existence of our paper and now, those who
 before, had not tho confidence in theutslvcs,
 and would scarce venture a thought, look upon
 such efforts, as a matter of course.
 There were quite too many papers accord
 ing to our number and circnmstanscs, but it
 only served to show what an interest from the
 course pursued, was excited in our present
 condition.
 We have ever since, gone on steadily and
 stealthily, until the present dale, fulfilling to
 the letter our promise as editor, and assisting
 the Publishers in the fulfillment of theirs;
 though as we have frequently noticed, gave
 our services gratuitously to the cause, as well
 as a portion of our private means, earned by
 our daily business; but all our above referred
 I to coteinporaries have long since ceased to ex
 ist, with some others of a later period.
 We admit, that we have fallen far short of
 what might have been effected in the same
 lime; the paper frequently appearing quite cold
 and spiritless, but this could not be avoided, as
 we had our daily labor to perform to earn our
 bread.
 The Mystery is still afloat, with the solemn
 promise of the Publishers, to keep her tiding
 on the broad waters of destiny, doing battle
 in the great struggle for liberty and right, ele
 vation and equality, God and humanity, as ui
 days bygone.
 The Publishing Committee with and for
 whom we have labored for years, faithful to
 their trust, and prompt to a man have done
 I much, for which we feel proud to have i» in
 power to say, arc well w orthy of their
 task, andean still do more, and from our very
 heart, as our successors in the editorial career,
 we commend them to tlie readers of the Mys
 tery.
 As to the efficacy and merit of our own ef
 forts, we leave the public to determine, as we
 have no other endorser.
 It becomes necessary that we should retire
 from our present position not that we are a
 traitor to the cause of Humanity, but (turn
 this to w hat we hope, a nwe useful and pro
 ductive port of the moral vineyard. We leave
 the Mystery for a union with the far famed
 and world renowned Frederick Doicla**, as
 a co-laborer in the cause of our oppressed
 brethren, by the publication of a large and ca
 pacious paper, the Norm Star, in Rochester, j
 N. Y., in whiptp our whole time, energy and
 services will be given which cannot foil to
 be productive of signal benefit to tlie slave and
 our nominally free brethren, when the head
 and heart of Douglass enters into tlie combi
 nation. We feel loath to leave our Mystery,;
 but duty calls, and we must obey.
 To all our friends and acquaintances, we re-.
 turn thanks for the kindness and many fovors
 shown us, while occupying the editorial chair
 of the Mystery, and in whatever we may have j
 erred, consider it of the head and not the
 heart.
 We could not conclude and do justice to our
 own foehngs, if we omited to notice the Edi
 torial corps in particular, We have ever
 received from them, especially at home, that
 degree of courtesy and respect common to the
 rank, and have been received and commended
 moor position beyond ail expeemtion, and
 eve* perhaps beyond lent. We have receiv
 «d the fullest possible Am of their welcome
to tbe profession. If we roast with half tbo
 I welcome in oar new pines of residence, it wilj
 i far exceed our expectation.
 To our brethren and oppressed fellow men
 everywhere, we give this assurance, that let
 otrr lot be cast wherever it will, and our cir-
 I cuinstances he what they may so long as
 reason serrea as the dictator of our will, we
 shall never cease to war against slavery and
 oppression ofevery kind, and defend the cause
 of the oppressed. Readers and Patrons, as
 Editor of the Mystery, we b*f you Farewell.
 M R. DELANY.
 GEORGE B. TASffO*,
 Thc following narrative will gire our
 readers on both sides oi tbe Atlantic some
 idea of the difficulties with w hich the nomin
 ally free colored people of this counOf have
 to contend, in the pathway of improvement
 and elevation. Here is a colored young gen
 tleman upon whom his father has expended
 nearly his all, in educating ami fitting him for
 a life of respectability and usefulness, driven
 from home, friends, and family, by the bitter,
 vulgar, and unnatural prejudice against color,
 I which prevails in all parts of this boasted
 republic. No charge is preferred against
 turn; no suspicions are cast upon him; his
 simple identity w ith the injured and enslaved
 of our land, stamps him with the brand of
 reprobation, and compels lam to be an outcast
 I from the land of hts birth,
 i We are personally acquainted with Mr.
 Yashon, and can say, that we have seldom
 met a more amiable, intelligent, and gentle
 manly person, than himself. We esteemed
 l him an ornament to tho people with whom he
 ,is identified. Our best wishes and warmest
 aspirations go with him and we have no
 j doubt, that prosperity aud happiness, denied
 in his own land, will be extended to hnn in
 j thc strange land to which he has gone. We
 cannot, however, but express our regret that
 he should think it best to leave this country.
 The cause of our enslaved brethren requires
 him here. His talents and manly independ
 ence are the elements which must redeem
 our race. We are happy to inform our
 readers that arrangements have boon made I y
 which they will frequently see letters in tho
 North Star, from Mr. Yashon.
 George B. Yashon, Esq. —This young
 gentleman left our city yesterday lor Port-au-
 Prince in the Island oi' St. Domingo. Mr.
 Yashon is a native of this place. Some years
 ago he went toOberlin, Ohio, where he pass
 ed through a regular collegiate rni.rse, gradu
 ating with hor.of and high rank in his eUts.
 From O’jerlin he returned to thiscity, wlmre.
 i for some two or three years, he engaged in
 the stu.lv of the law, under the direction of the
 Hon. \Y. ForuarJ. Having completed hss
 legal studies, he applied to the froper com
 mittee to undergo the requisite examination*
 previous to his admission to the liar. A ma
 jority of the Committee refused to examino
 him, because his complexion was a shado
 darker than their own. On Saturday last,
 1 Mr. Yashon applied 10 the Court lor a rulo
 upon the Committee, directing them teexam
 ine him. The Judge refused the rule, for the
 same reason that a major.ty of the Commrttoo
 refused to examine Mr. Yashon. There «a.t
 no pretence that the applicant is not of excel
 lent moral character, of gentlemanly der&gt;ort
 ‘l ment and well qualified for admission. In r.o»
 j respect did he come short of the qualifications
 j demanded by the Rules of Court. Had Mr,
 Yashon possessed a doubtful character, been
 intemperate or mil even learned, yet of pure
 Anglo Saxon blood, his name would have
 j been entered upon the roll of Attorneys. A
 few drops ol African blood flowed in his veins,
 and he was refused admission- to tho Bar.
 He now leaves his native city, to take up his
 .abode among strai gers, exjatnnted by the
 cruel prejudices of his follow citizens. His
 j learning n:,d talents will secure him, we doubt
 not, gn at success ami honor in the land ofhia
 I adoption. —Pittsburgh ‘Peltgraph*
 i Anti-Slavery 1 air at AV est Wisrirto,
 u» January 2tith and *27111,1818. —The friends
 of the slave are invited to make preparations
 for our next Fair, to be held alths time above
 j mentioned. There is no tune to be lost. Tho
 slave is still toiling, toiling, toiling,—hopeless,
 helpless, desolate.—Woman, —ays, a million
 of women are even now given up to the ten
 der mercies of the palefaced oppressor. In
 the name of these outraged ones, we ask each
 and all of you to do somethisg—do whal you
 can—do all that you ean, to hasten their de
 liverance. Ask your ne ghbora to help you.
 Many of them will willingly give their aid if
 you will only invito them. Prejudice is giv
 ing way. A spirit of inquiry is abroad,
 h rcedom is gaining ground. Now is the time
 for effort.
 Charles Lenox Rcmnul, E. D. Hudson,
 Lewis Hayden, J.C. Hathaway, and other
 speakers will lie present.
 Dolly Thomas, Miranda A. E. Green,
 Sarah Guild, Phebe Backus,
 Hannah Bneklin, Laura EldTed,
 Emehnc Murdock, Julia Ann Euton,
 Henrietta Bisby, Laura Turner,
 Eveline Rider, Sophloro Thomas,
 Alpha Thomas, Laura Colburn,
 Susan Brown, Amanda Harding.
 ID* W are happy to inform our fti:nds in
 West Winfield, that present circumstance*
 enable us to state, that we shall be present
 with tiieitt at the Anti-Slavery Fair to be held
 in that place on the 26th nrad 27th iest. To
 make our visit as serviceable to the eaure a*
 possible, we think our friends might appoint
 Meeting* in one or two of the neighboring
 towns.
 Paw'tecjcet fair.—The Anti-Slavery
 women of Pawtucket, Rhode Island, will hold
 fheir Twelfth Annual Fair, at the Hall of the
 Pawtucket Hotel, on the flit and lOth of
 February, commencing at 10 o'clock, a. m.
 It ur hoped that a larger attendance tlian
 ever, will favor this annual gathering of the
 tried and true and that they will not fad to
 find the tables covered, in Unip»uif abundance,
 with the usual supply of articles for use or
 ornament, together with refreshments of every
 desirable kind and quality.
 The call is universal, Come, then, for tho
 slaves' sake!
 Hcbeec* Mitchell, F.liafcoth Shove,
 Mary Peek, Maria Dexter,
 Lydia Winn, J. J. Adams,
 Mary A. Kenyon, Eater Reed,
 Susan M. Shove, Abby Burgess,
 Avia Susan, Amy Dexter,
 Alunt Cfewnißgakield, Susan Sisson.
 Ruth Stasoit,
 NOTICE.
 Charles lemtx Kerooad and Fredt tick
 Douglass, wilt hold several meetings during
 Saturday and Sunday, 2*l and 23d Jan., tn
 Panayaa.
