Notices.
 TJIK C VLL,
 TIIKGRF.VT N V IiOVU. CONVEN
 TION OK roUMIK.D HU.KM KN ol the
 I*tuft'd State*. will it held in Cleveland,
 i&gt;au*. commencing mi Wecnczdat, the sixth
 d,v of September next.
 I/&gt;! t’joVviur *1 Ft -.won ill rally to this
 trnportaini gathering. This is a crisis, and
 tomcthmg »e mi st and will do I
 \V« hone to see the East, North, South
 and Weal, come up m one mighty, unbroken
 phalanx. to do battle for God and humanity
 Signed, by request of Illinois, Indiana,
 Michigan, and Ohio, (the Western parts of
 New York aod Pennsylvania being readv.)
 M. H. OELANY.
 Hamilton, Ohio, June 6,1648.
 U3f» Mystery, and all friendly papers, please
 copy.
Meeting of Colored Citizens,
 The colored citizens, male and female, will
 meet this (Friday) evening, at half-past seven
 o’clock, in Union Hall, South Fitxhugh street,
 for the purpose of choosing Delegates to tiie
 Cleveland Convention, to meet on the sixth of
 September. MANY.
Wisconsin—Homestead Exemption Act.
 A Bill to exempt a lioti)e*lra J from forced rale in
 t certain case*.
 TV Ftnpk of the .S tau of lUtaronam, ryre
 tnxluL in Senate and Ass.mtdy, do enact as
 follows
 Section 1. A Homestead, consisting of
 any quantity of land not exceeding 40 acres,
 used tor agneultural purposes, and lhe dwell-,
 ing-house thereou and Us appurtenances, to
 be s doctc 1 by th owner thereof, and not in
 cluded in any recorded town plot, or city, or
 village or inst *ad thereof, at the option ofj
 •he owner, a quantity of land not exceeding
 i t amount one-fourth of an acre, being within
 a refolded town plot, ctly or village, and the
 &lt;1 welling-h -use thereon, and its appurten
 ances, owned and occupied by any resident of
 the fjuite, shall not be subject to forced sale
 o.i execution, or any other final process from
 a Court, for any debt or liability contracted j
 after the first of January in the year eighteen
 hundred and forty-nine.
 *J. Such exemption shall not extend to
 any mechanic’s and laborer's lien, or any
 mortgage thereon lawfully obtained but such
 mortgage or other alienation of such land by,
 the owner thereof, if a married man, shall not
 be valid without the signature of the wife to
 the same.
 ‘.i. Whenever levy shall be made upon
 tlie lands or tenements of a householder,
 whose hone stead has not been selected andi
 set apart by m Tes and bounds, such house
 holder in iy notify the officer at the time of
 making such levy of what lie regards as his 1
 homestead, with a description thereof, within
 the limits above prescribed, and the remain- t
 der alone shall be subject to sale under such
 levy. j
 1. If the plaintiff in execution shall be, f
 dissatisfied will, the quantity of land selected t
 and set apart as aforesaid, the officer making j
 the levy shall cause the same to be surveyed, j
 beginning at a point to be designated by the
 owner, and set off in a compact ibrin, includ-
 ing the dwelling-house and its appurtenances; j a
 the amount specified in the first section of this j,
 act, and the expenses of said survey, shall be
 chargeable on the execution and collected
 therefrom. j
 5. After the survey shall have been made, j
 the officer making the levy may sell the pro-
 perly levied upon, and not included in the set-
 o f, in the same manner as provided in other j
 c ises for the sale of real estate on execution j
 a id in giving a deed of the same, he may de-j
 scribe it according to his original levy, ex-
 cepting therefrom, by metes and bounds, ac
 cording to lhe certificates of survey, the quan-
 tity set off as aforesaid.
 Any person owning and occupying j
 anv house-on land not his own, of which!,
 land he shall be in rightful possession by lease! j
 or authority, and claiming such house as his
 homestead, shall be entitled to the exemption
 afoiesaid.
 7. Nothing in this act shall be considered i
 as exempting any real estate from taxation or:
 sale for taxation.
Free Sun. in Maims —ln the Maine House
 of R ■prcscutatives on Monday, the following
 resolves relating to the extension of slavery
 in new ly-acquired territory were passed
 Resolved, That Maine duly appreciates the
 concessions and campromises which led to the
 adoption arid establishment ot t lie Constilri- 1
 non of the United States: and she will
 cheerfully and honestiy abide by the letter I
 and spirit of them, at the same time she will J
 firmly resist all demands for their enlarge-!
 ment or extension.
 Resolved, That the sentiment of this state!
 is profound, sincere, and almost universal;
 that the influence of slavery upon productive'
 energy is like the blight of mildew that it is:
 deb .sing and degrading in its influence upon
 free mbor that it is a moral and social evil;
 that it dues violence to the rights ot man as a
 rational, thinking, and accountable being;—
 influenced by these and other important con
 siderations, ibis state will oppose the liuroduc
 t.on of slavery into any territory acquired as
 an indemnity lor claims upon Mexico.
 Resolved, That it is the duty of Congress
 to prevent, by the exetcise of all constitutional
 power, the intioduction of slavery into ter
 ritories of the United States now free.
 Resolved, That our Senators in Congress
 are hereby instructed, and our Representa
 tives requested, to support and carry out the
 principles of the foregoing resolutions.
 The Ist resolve passed, yeas 85, nays 25
 2d, yeas 93, nays 22; 31, yeas 10i, nays.
 14 4th, yeas 71, nays 42. .Several Whigs'
 voted against the last resolve, on account ot
 its conflicting with their views in regard to
 the propriety of instructing.
 Jr Disappearance or Mr. Win ants. It is
 now two weeks bine? the mysterious disap
 pearance of George Myron Wynants, and
 though the most diligent search has been
 made, and some of his Iri-uds have travelled
 several hundred miles, not the least trace of
 Ins whereabouts or Ins fate have been ascer
 tained. li appeals quite as mysterious as the
 disappearance of youug Pierce some months
 cine?, and it is natural lint apprehensions
 should ba f;lt that his fate may have been as
 tngical a id cruc! Dz.n-)zrot .lug. 23.
 The Mayor has oTercd a reward of $5OO
 fo; the discovery of his body.
 Catch the minister!—s2so for catching
 a msthodtst p r ta fur
 s&amp;}o RFWARD —Ran away from the
 wbscriirer. living near Jefferson, frederic
 county, Mi., a negro man who calls hmiself
 Lio.d Smuthers, of about twenty-two years
 of a »e; he i* about five feet, tune or ten
 niche* high, of a yellow complexion; and has
 a down, alv look, a round face, and a short
 nose When spoken to, ha generally s.mle*
 b&lt;?for&lt; repiyiug, and speaks smoothly, He
 hid on when he 1011, blue oust, white iiat
 wiih a bjauk scarf on it, and a P 4
 pant*, and took no clothing with him except
 what he had on, that is known. He
 to a Methodist Church, and pretends to be a
 PRE \CiIKR. He uok tin western stage
 from ms other side of Middletown, on the
 90ihs of November, and wa*ee#r. afUrwardai
 n Higaratuws. ns has a brother ,ui law
 hvj.ig near Hamaburg, r.a sntA Ben Russell
 Thu *Jove re word wilt Us given if take:,
 out of Uio Sure, and eecured so that I dan got
 him, or 159 If taken within the Sute.
 Jacob RtooeLY, near Jefferson,
 acting for Rlth Ridoclt.
 rrM IJ mur
 Loom ot t.—^Counterfeit half eagles, mad*
 of copper :.r.d gu;vau.ted with gold, are said
 i.-. »‘o **.•&gt;*t. t ars.? 'jucabers
THE NORTH STAR.
ROCHESTER. SEPTEMBER I, lets
Soninf lit H'iiMi sad teaping the
 Whirlwind.
 j We were confident when the Northern
 f big* went down to Philadelphia and sacri
 l| 6wjJ ikoir cheri«hed pitnaple. on the al
 tar of availability ani ala very, that the time
 11 would come, when t*s«y tnusrt bitterly repent
 of the deed; but we had not supposed that
 the bitter frait of their a post icy won Id so
 I Soon be commended to their lips. We then
 supposed that after the election of Taylor,
 whrn the whirlwind of excitement was over,
 j and order gave place to calm sobriety, there
 i! would cottie the retribution of treachery, in
 (the shape of bitter remorse and shame—thai
 Genera! Taylor would begin to practice as
 well as write letters; and here we supposed
 the difficulty with the Whigs would cora
 -1 menec. Though long denuded of their prin
 cipL-s, we thought they would not discover
 their utter nakedness until the tury of passion
 f had subsided. Hut our speculation* have been
 at fault a* to the day of retribution. It has
 come sooner than we anticipated. Their sins
 have brought them to judgment beforehand,
 j and already hare wailing and lamentation tom
 mrnc.’d in the Whig ranks. They have fol
 t lowed a “Jack-o‘-lantern,” and day light finds
 j them up to their necks in mud. The only
 f response which wc have heard to their tale of
 woe, is, it served them right. They have de
 served all they have suifered. We will now
 inform our reatljrs of the ciuse of thi3 weep
 ing and wailing.
 H General Taylor has commenced to prove
 liimaelt, what he has Jong professed to be. a
 no party man,*’ —as much of a Democrat as
 a Whig, only more so, and has virtually
 spurned the Whig Nomination, and accepted
 one from the Democrats of Charleston, South
 Carolina. This holy having sent him a letter
 •nforming him of his nomination he re
 turned them the following letter, which in
 point of its contents, shows “Old Zaek’’ as
 much attached to the Democratic as to the
 W hig party. The promptness with which he
 responds to this nomination, may well annoy
 j the Whigs who had to wait a long six weeks
 for the General’s letter of acceptance. And
 when it came, it told them, Gentlemen, I have
 not the slightest objection to your voting for
 me, but I warn you before hand, that you are
 not to expect me to carry out your principles.
 Now, putting that arid this together, it is easy
 to see what the liigs are to expect, should;
 General Taylor be elected. But the most an
 noying thing about this nomination is, that
 the C harleston meeting dropped Fi.l nore from
 their ticket, and inserled that of Wm.O. But
 ler, ot South Carolina. Thus, making the 1
 Whig Nominees completely Southern in form,
 as they were before in fact. But here is the
 letter.
 Baton Roige, La. Aug. 9, 18-48.
 Sir 1 have the honor to acknowledge the
 receipt of your communication of the 26th
 ultimo, officially announcing to me my nomi
 nation tor the Presidency bv a large meeting
 of the Democratic citizens of Charleston, S.
 C., held at that city on the-26th ult., and over
 which you were the presiding officer.
 This deliberate expression of the friendly
 feeling existing towaru me among a large and
 respectable portion of the citizens of your dis
 tinguished State, has been received by me
 with emotions ot profound gratitude; and
 though it be hut a poor return for such a high
 and unmerited honor, 1 beg them to accept ir.y
 heartfelt thanks.
 Concluding that this nomination, like all
 others which I have had the honor of receiv
 ing from assemblages of my fellow citizens in
 various parts of the Union, has been gener
 ally offered, without pledges of conditions, it
 is thankfully accepted and I beg you to as
 sure mv friends, in whose behalf you are act
 ing, that should it be my lot to fill the office
 lor which I have been nominated, it shall be
 my unceasing effort, in the discharge of its re
 sponsible duties, to give satisfaction to my
 count rvmer.
 With the assurance of my high esteem,
 1 have the honor to be
 Your obedient Servent,
 Z. TAYLOR.
 To W. B. Pringle, Esq.
Uj* The Ohio Standard"' is the name of
 a large and vpry handsome Free Soil paper,
 published at Columbus, 0., the first number
 of which is upon our table, Mechanically,
 the Standard is unsurpassed for beauty by any
 paper in the country. Its selections are in
 refined taste, and to the editorial department
 the name of E. S Hamlin, E»q., editor, and
 J. C. aughan, Esq., corresponding editor—
 the first, recent editor of the True Democrat,
 Cleveland, and the latter, lately editor of the'
 Louisville (Ky.) Examiner—are sufficient to
 warrant all that might be desired in the sup
 port of all the great principles of the Buffalo
 platform, as far as they extend. We welcome
 the Standard”’ into the field as an efficient
 instrument in ibe great struggle for liberty, j
Henry Bibb. —We have noticed a scan
 dalous and libelous account of the history ot
 this anti-slavery lecturer, in the Buffalo Cou
 rier, copied from the Washington Union.—
 The whole thing seems to us a villainous at
 tempt to injure the Free Soil movement, by
 damaging the character of Mr. Bibb. What
 ever may be the real facte in the history
 ol Mr. Bibb, he has long been, and is now,
 esteemed as an upright and worthy citizen ol
 Detroit. Certainly this would not be the case
 if he were the desperate character which tl e
 Union’s correspondent would fain make him
 out to be.
The Pennsylvania Freeman.
 It t« a source of grateful pleasure, to obaerTe
 the friendly intetest this able and elegantly
 conducted ahjjt, co-morns to manifest in the
 success and prosperity of the North Star.—
 Alluding to ths coatem/.atid visit of out
 thend and brother, Delauy.to Philadelphia, for
 the purpaa; of promoting tha circulation of
 the No th Star,—-the E luor speaks as follows
 We are pleased to learn that a systemat
 ic effort is to ba mads to procure subscribers
 t o the North Star, to this cay. It u one of
 the bast weekly papers m th 3 noon try, end
 dasarves s large circulat-on. E»ery Anti-
 Slavery man arho caa afford it, and particu
 larly every colored-men, ought to become s
 subscriber to it. We hopv that Mr. Delany
 wi!l be eminently ecoaessful x the object of
 kis visit.”
ID* Due esteemed ifteod Germ Smith,
 Esq., has our acknowlodgments for s copy of
 the proceedings of the National Liberty Coo-1
 vent ion, held at Buffalo on the IKb end 15th I
 of June ult.
 Cj* K-*4 M. de Lamartine's Polity ofj
 Res -&gt;3,” er c*:r oa'tsie.
Ir. R. Ward.
 The a i&lt;!rea» of thi* gentleman to the fom
 thousand colored tolars of tiiia Stale, wilt bt
 found on liie first page of ibis week's pap r.
 The d-ep interest which is just dow fell on
 tb? subject whi h it discuascs, as well as the
 vouree fr «m which it emanates, will ensure
 for tt an atte:.tire reading. Mr. Ward ha*
 certamlj made out as strong a case against
 supporting the Buffalo nominees for President
 and Vice Pres dent, as the facta upon which
 bis argument is baaed will admit of. The
 past transgressions of Mr. Van Boren, and
 the siaa of omission on the part of the Buffalo
 Contention, are eery distinctly sad forcibly
 brought out. The whole argument, it strikes
 u», would have answered very well a few
 years a?o; but considering present circum
 stances, we regard it as quite inconclusive,
 and to some extent uncharitable. The address
 complains,
 I*/, Because the Platform of the Buffalo
 Conrtntnm docs not include the F.pinl and
 Inalienable Rights of all men.”
 Mr. Ward thinks this omission has the ap
 pearance of design. We think otherwise.
 The times create their own watch-words;
 and the watch-word of one generation may
 not always be appropriate to another. We
 would as w illingly fight the battle of liberty
 and equality under the banner of Free
 Soil and Free Men,” a* that of the Declara
 tion of American Independence. Deeds,
 not words,” is our motto. The only question
 which we shoutl be disposed to ask, as a pre
 liminary to giving our influence in favor of a
 political party, would relate to what that
 party proposed to do, rather than the doc
 trines they proposed to teach, and if these
 deeds commended themselves to our judg
 ment as perfectly right in themselves, and
 involved no departure from moral principle in
 the means of accomplishing them, we should
 not hesitate to give our aid and vote to such a
 party. The address condemns the Free
 Soil Party,” because some of its leading men
 —such as Senator Dix—entertain wrong
 views and prejudices against the colored peo
 ple, and voted against Mr. Ilale’s motion for
 the abolition of slavery in the District of Co
 lumbia. These objections would be quite
 pertinent if Senator Dix were a candidate,
 and the party called upon to vote for him.—
 The views of Senator Dix, if we understand
 them, are quite similar to those of Senator
 Morris, of Ohio, who was Mr. Ward's can
 didate for the Vice-Presidency up to 184-I.
 That gentleman was far from regarding the
 colored man as equally entitled to suffrage in
 tiiis country with the whites; and we know of
 but few, even among professed abolitionists,
 w ho have entirely triumphed over their long
 cherisheJ prejudices against us. But sh ulcl
 we refuse to co-operate with them m securing
 1 great good, because they may possess these
 prejudices? Certainly not. One of the most
 successful modes of removing prejudice, is to
 act with such men just so far as we can with
 out a compromise of fundamental truths.—
 The presence of such a man as Mr. Ward as
 a delegate to the Buffalo Convention, and the
 several able speeches which lie made there,
 was one of the most powerful blows ever
 dealt upon the thick skull of American preju
 dice against colored persons. Tnousands had
 an opportunity afforded them on that occasion
 of learning, for the first time in their lives,
 something of the manly energy of the black
 man’s mind. We saw thousands listening to
 his eloquent words with astonishment, min
 gled with admiration, and all probably went
 home with a higher and more truthful esti
 mate of our race than they ever entertained
 before. We think that, so far from prejudice
 and false views of our equality being a valid
 reason for not acting with a party, it is some
 times the most valid reason which can be given
 for such action.
 Mr. Ward’s next objection to tin Buffalo'
 nominees, is stated as follows
 In 1941, a bid passed Congress having
 foi its object the adjustment of the Pre-emption
 Rights of new settlers upon lands belonging to j
 the General Government. Among its provi
 sions, is one allowing the privilege of pre-\
 eruption to ‘•free white male citizens,"' and to
 such only. If, therefore, black men settle in
 any of that territory which is now or shall
 hereafter becornj the property of the Govern
 ment, white settlers van buy the lands upon
 which such blacks have settled at Government
 pnee, and the blacks be ejected because the lat i
 ter are not “/ret white nude citizens No at- j
 teratiun of t/us abominable law is sought or dt-
 sired by the new free Soil party.''
 To us, all this appears far-fetched, and un- j
 just. It would oeeasy to condemn any party,
 if the justice of such reasoning be allowed.—
 We think the statement, that No alteration
 of this abominable law is sought or desired by
 the new Free Soil party,” is far from be ng j
 justified by the history, character, and com
 position of that party. From all that.we have
 observed of the spirit of the Fiee Soil party, i
 we should come to any other conclusion with
 respect to their future conduct and desires,
 thqn that at which Mr. Ward has atrived.—
 We believe that the present Free Soil party
 would repeal with delight the infamous law
 in question. Not to believe tins, is to regard
 as false and hypocritical nearly all the declara
 tions made at the recent Buffalo Convention, j
 The very idea of free soil” would forbid
 their tolerating any such odious and unjust
 distinction as the one in question and we
 fear that prejudice, rather than candor, die-'
 tated the assertion that the Free Soil party
 neither sought nor desired the repeal of that
 wicked law. We should render to evety
 party its due, and in no case seek to aid one
 party, however good that party may be, to
 the injury of another.
 Again Mr. Ward says
 2b cote for Mr. Van Buien, therefore, is
 to tote far the continuance of SLac*ry tn the
 District of Columbia, inasmuch as that is one
 of Mr. Van Buren s Democratsc free Sad
 principles
 This was penned before Mr. Van Buren’s
 letter accepting his nomination was published,
 which aff rda tome excuse for its pslpab e un
 fairncM. Mr. Van Boren has declared his
 willingness to sign a bill for the abolition of
 slavery in the District of Columbia. We
 think the party should ha*e been judged of
 m the light of its plaifoim, at least until the
 candidates accepted or refused their noanoa
 uca. So judged, friend Ward would never
 ba*v* supposed that voting for Van Buren
 could postihly be voting for slavery in the
 Distuct of Columbia.
 The neat and last objection which Mr.
 Ward urges against voting for the Free Soil
 nominees, relates to the action of the Barn
 burner Democrats of this Su e with respect
 tf *b* P'ght of SofVogc. It is allege i 'fzi
Mare they did ant, tamt tint* mga, WunUin
 the Hack roan’s right to rut#, they cannot
 oov* be voted fat without an shsndoMacnt ol
 self-respect on our part. Te five this argu
 tnent any force, it roust be shown that the
 Free Soil party stand just now oa Uus ques
 tion where the Barnburners then stood, other
 wise the logic is just about ss good ss this
 Gu*Trit Smith,in 1930. was in favor of sending
 black men out of this country to Africa;
 therefore, black men cannot tote for Gerrit
 Smith, in 1849. without an abandonment of
 self-respect.
 With all deference to Mr. Ward, we see
 no force whatever in this reasoning. To re
 proach Free Soil men for what they once
 weie, is as bad as to reproach the Apostle
 Paul for sins coanmitt -d before bis conversion.
 The Free Soil party are not now what they
 once were. They have undergone a great
 change of mind if not in respect to abstract
 tight, they certainly have in regard to expe
 diency, and it does seem to us that we are not
 accountable for the motives of men, and that
 it is unfair and uncharitable to be thus for
 ward to attach sinister motives to the good
 deeds of those with whom we diSer. To
 make this case plain There is a man over
 board, and needs our help to save him from a
 I watery grave. Is it our duty to refuse, be
 cause some with wlionuwe may be called
 upon to act, are auinfcated in what they do by
 j an improper ur sinful motive Certainly not.
 You will say, and all other reasonable men
 would say in such a case, Save the man!
 though the motives of all your associates
 should be wrong except your own. If theJ
 act be good, do it, and leave the motives ofi
 your fellows to be disposed of by the Searcher i
 of all hearts.
 It is certainly to be rcgretteJ that Mr.
 Ward should have adopted his present policy.;
 We know him too well to suspect him of any
 desire to play into the hands of the Cass andj
 Taylor parties; but we know just as well
 that such will be the inevitable and almost
 only effect of his position. Indeed, such has,
 already been the effect of his speeches on this;
 subject. The old slaveholding, negro-hating,
 and slavery-extending parties have almost j
 ceased to fight each other, and are rallying
 all their forces to defeat their common ene
 my—the Free Soil party and they hail with
 mueh pleasure the slightest aid which Mr.!
 Ward, or any other man possessing an anti
 slavery character, can render them. In proof;
 of this, we cut the following extract from a;
 letter published in the Albany Evening Jour
 nal of last week, written in Cortland, giving j
 an account of Mr. Ward s meeting on bis
 return from the late Buffalo Convention. The
 writer says:
 It had been whispered around, since the
 return of Mr. Ward, that he intended to take!
 ground against the Buffalo nominations, and
 rumor had not disappointed us. After giving
 us a history of the proceedings of that body,
 he was requested by some of the audience to
 define his own position in reference to the
 nominations. This he did at considerable
 length, declaring his hostility to the nomina
 tion of Martin V an Boren, and his ceteriuiua
 tion to take the slump, and advise his aboli-j
 tion friends not to give the Ex-President their i
 voles, lie avowed himself in favor of the,
 election of Gerrit Smith, and declared that lie'
 was the only Liber.y party ca .diaate who was
 or had been m the held. As lor John P.
 Hale, he stated that he obtained a nomimtirn!
 fioin a Liberty party convention, with the in
 tention of selling out to some other candidate,!
 and that by his letter to the Butfaio Conven-j
 lion he had accomplished his purpose, and hadi
 endeavored to hand over the Liberty party to
 Mart.n Van Buren. lie quoted largely from
 the letters, speeches and inaugural address of!
 Mr. Van Buren, and claimed that in none of,
 his recent fetters on the subject oi Free Soil,
 had lie given any evidence of a change of
 heart,” nor of sorrow anJ contrition lor the
 [iast. Mr. Ward stated ttiai in a tew days he
 should address a letier to his colored brethren
 who were voters, and who numbered some
 four or five thousand in this State, advising*
 them to withhold their votes from Mr. Van
 Buren.
 On the whole, the meeting had a good
 effect. A few Whigs who had remained un
 decided whether to support General Taylor,j
 came away from the meeting fully satisfied 1
 with the claims of Martin Van Bureu to the!
 support of Northern men on the score of
 his auti-slavery opinions! They will now
 stive Old Zack” their hearty support, con-1
 vmced, although he lives at the South, that
 the rems of Government will he safer in
 his hands, than in those of either Cass
 or Van Buren, the two Northern
 faces.’
 Now, if the only effect of Mr. Ward's ad
 dress was to drive men fiom ihe Van Buren
 ranks into those of Gen. Taylor, we think it
 becomes him to reconsider and abandon Ins,
 course. Certainly be cannot feel very com
 fortable in such companionship. The course
 of the colored voters should nut be determined
 by th* past transgressions of the members of*
 the “Free Soil” party, but by what they
 now are, and what they are now aiming to
 accomplish.
 Our own course is clear. We shall vote
 for neither of the candidates. With our views
 of the pro-slavery character of the American
 Constitution, and ihe criminality of executmg
 its infernal provisions against the slave, we
 could as soon run out hands into a fiery fur
 nace, as into the American b.illot-box, if
 thereby a man was tr be elected who would
 swear to rjpjurt that accursed bund of Union.
 We desire to see this Union broken up, and
 a Frei Republic established in the North, and
 to this end we sh 11 lend our energies, now
 and always, unless reasons stronger than
 those which have yet Iwen presented shall
 determine us otherwise. The slave power
 can never be fully grappled with by Northern i
 men while they are under their present delu
 sion about the advan age* of thro Union.—
 They must be made to count it a curse before
 they can meet this hoary-headed monster.—
 The Free Soil men have followed slavery np
 to the ramparts of the Constitution, and there
 they stop. They will do some good by thus
 hemming slavery in, but the bloody ramparts
 of the Constitution must be scaled and batieted
 down before the millions within its compass
 can gain their freedom. We shall sever rest
 srhile the Northern people are sworn to re
 turn the fugitive slave to bondage, and to pui
 down the slave, should he nee U* str ke for
 freedom. These compromises make it im
 possible for os to vote under the American
 Constitution. It would be violation of aou
 slavery principle f or M to vota.
 But here it may bonked, If these be
 views, are ydu a U inconsistent in advising men
 to vote for Mr. Van Berea We rosy be,
 bet we think not. Oor advice, properly
 speaking, dues m l extend to the voting.—
 TTsit is a matter already settled in the minds
 m;hieh we address. Our advice only extends
 to »he party to be oreftndd by *95 ▼is ore 1
already voters, and mean still to rots. We
 my to the multitude who are rushing to the
 ballot-bo*, Sec t* It that you do not sdd to
 thasin of toting «t all, the great sin of ilave
 rule, slavery-extension, and the perpetuity of
 slavery in the District of Columbia. Tu deny
 that we hate this right, would be equal to
 saying that a man has not the tight to prat
 the rubber to spare bis life after be lias taken
 his purse.
 i We hate now extended these comments
 I beyond the length wb ch we had allotted to
 this subject, and will therefore at ouce coo
 elude by saying, that w bile we would not be
 the means of diveiting a single tote from Mr.
 Gemt Smith, we would not, as we desire the
 slate power oterthrown—the old slateholding
 parties broken up—the slate-trade between
 1 the States discontinued—slave u rriiory kepi
 out of the Union—slavery in ihe Distiifci ol
 Columbia abolished—slavery limited, circurn
 srtebed, and humbled—be instrumental, di
 rectly or indirectly, in leading a single voter
 to cast his tote for the servile dough-face,,
 Gen. Cass, or the bloodhound candidate, Gen. j
 Taylor, each of whom we regard as among
 the most unscrupulous robbers in the world.
 “The Crisis at Hand.”
 Our Southern masters are eridently dis- j
 pleased wiih the behayirt^ of their humble
 servants at the J*orth. Calhoun, Butler and j
 Burt have gone to the Palmetto State, as
 tired, hungry and wrathful as if they had
 been on a three days’ negro hunt,” without
 securing their prey. They have recently
 had an Experience Meeting in Charleston,
 where they have one by one told over their
 many crosses and trials” during the last
 United Stales Congress. Some of those re-;
 mind us of the story of the old lady in Maine,
 who said in class meeting, that she had had
 many heavy trials during the week, but the
 heaviest of all was this: Happening to stay
 out too late at meeting one night, I went
 home, and lo the door was shut. Oh yes,
 my brethren, the door was shut; and I went
 round the house, and round th* house, and
 round the house till I thought of that beauti- j
 ful little poem by Dr. Waits, ‘Goosey, goosey
 gander, whither shall I wander!’
 Where shall we wander 7” is now the
 “solemn inquiry which Mr. Calhoun puts to
 the Southern States. They have failed in
 their piratical attempt to plant ihe curse of
 slavery in the free soil of Oregon. For once,
 ihe supple knees of the North have refused
 to bend before the Moloch slavery, and this
 act of irreverence to the Lords of the cot-i
 ton-bale,” is to be punished to the fullest
 extent. The great State of South Carolina
 will turn the whole of the Northern States
 out of the Union to perish of cold and hun
 ger I We warn the North to ponder over
 this matter, and count the cost of their present
 insubordinate course
Rev, Peter Gardiner.
 We have receive 1 a letter from the above
 gentleman, accompanied by another from a
 nuaiber of persons, none of whom we recol
 lect seeing, who sign their names as Trus
 tees,” requesting an insertion into our columns.
 e hold our paper as a medium of commu
 nication, and an organ of our people at all
 times, and upon all subjects. But such arti
 cles as ask a place in the pages of the North
 Star must come to os couched in respectful
 language, void of low vulgarity, such as com
 pose the above communications. Also, clear
 of abuse.
 These persons complain of the notice we
 took of the Colored Methodist Church and pas
 toi, in our letter of correspondence to the Star,
 alleging that we did him injustice, but do s
 not attempt to show, except by an historical
 review of his life, and simple denial of our
 statement, lor an endorsement of which, he
 calls upon the Trustees, whose names accom
 pany the letters.
 We see no proof to the contrary of what we
 asserted concerning this gentleman, placed as
 he is, at the head of a Church, a branch of a
 large and influential denomination, but who
 recently, as he states in hts letter, had charge
 of two slavehoiding congregations of the
 Methodist order in Kentucky, one of which is
 situated iu Lexington, where he has been in
 vited back, to mingle his kindred spirit with
 theiis.
 That this gentleman, under the pretence of
 religion, clothed in the garb of a clergyman,
 is a mischievous man, highly capable of de
 ceiving and gulling those among whom he has
 recently mingled as a preacher, we have *no 4
 doubt. How is it, that leceot as he was]
 then from the North, the city of Philadelphia,
 ihe scenes of Anti-Slavery excitement, tho‘
 a colored preacher, could obtain favor in a Slave
 holding Conference of a Slave State, and re-
 ceive the charge over ddTe ent congregations,
 if there were not some pledges, some assur
 ances, avowed sentiments or principles to es-j
 labhsh confidence and that too, alter the fa
 mous resolution, prohibiting colored testimony
 in cases of trial Can the person who is iu- j
 competent as w itness, ut a case of tnal, he per
 mitted to preside over the same body as their j
 head la nut there some ground for the po
 sition we have taken against this J inus-factd
 divine, when we assert that he is double
 tongued, and two faced,” having a face for
 the North, and one for the S**u!h? The
 miserable cant and boasting of this chagrined
 old gentleman, backed by a few of our p»*or
 deluded, misguided brethren, over whom he
 exercises control, ufco anxious for clerical
 patronage, and pulpit favors, will stoop to any
 thing, shall not deter is from the great duty
 to which we are dedicated, that of a fearless
 and inflexible opposition to every species el
 oppression, physical, mental, moral or reli
 gious, whether emamajng from a white or a
 colored despotism. A black or white tyrant
 we eq tally detest, andshaJl iebuke their infa
 my wherever w e a. ay find if.
 We much regret, tlat thro, gh some mis
 take, the conference t£ so large, respectable
 and influential adenotanauoa as the ihe A. M
 E. Church, should revive into its connexion,
 especially as s preacher, such men as this gen
 tleman, Has. Peter Gardner. Our aim the
 enure extinction of nfyfeamun and ignorance,
 we care not by what delusion it may find fit- j
 vor. Our relation to*his church is known,j
 and as we ars not parfeulsriy anxious to cater
 to tbe bigotry that wntld seem to desire it, we
 shall not tamper with such caprioes, but hold
 it to be a boundeo duty to defend the virtuous
 inclination of our people, fur elevation tad
 reform, now marking the footsteps in their
 aojU4&gt;i» pathway to respectability. We ere
 i tauedto acknowledge that this great brdyie
 making great progreuk acrtictisf her ycuag
candidates to the ministry, to certain qualifier
 lions, before they are permitted to assume th
 functioesof tbe mcred order
 It has been our pttrpose to fight against, Sn
 combat these errors, while this gentleman wi
 giving his strength and influence to a bona fid
 pro-slavery Church, and we believe, woul
 not be in the connection be now is, were h
 less desirous for power ami authority. W
 repeat, that this person is exercising a tnos
 mischcvious and injurious edict among th
 people with w hom he is connected, as the lan
 guage of the letter of the Trustees, as well a
 his own, will justify us in saying. The abu
 sive and vulgar language of the communica
 lions, preclude them from our columns.
Disagreeable Breatb.
 What is more repulsive than a disagreeable
 breath Nothing conceivable yet this pro
 ceeds entirely from an unclean mouth, or
 careless negligence of persons to keep their
 teeth clean. It is true, that in some cases
 where thrrre is a deep seated constitutional af
 f«*ction, disordered stomach; or some other
 I disease, the exhalations proceeding from the
 purest mouth may become tarnished. But
 there is no duty of cleanliness, among all
 classes of society, more neglected than that of
 attention to the teeth. Frequently do we see
 persons, moving in the positions
 in society, who oiherwi** are affable, pleas
 ant and agreeable, and in every way prepo
 i aessing, who, the instant they open their
 mouth, awaken every feeling of disgust.—
 There c:in scarcely be an excuse for such
 palpable violation of the law seven of personal
 pleasure, to say nothing more.
 The teeth are among the most ornamen.al
 as well as useful organs, susceptible of ap
 provement by care, disease by neglect.—
 When thus reduced, the malady is frequently
 imparted to the general system, invading the
 constitution, which it seizes upon and takes
 possession of.
 Decay of the teeth is mainly produced by
 decomposition of the substance. This decom
 position is actuated by an acid formed in the
 mouth from extraneous matter, such as food
 sticking between and around the neck of the
 teeth, at the edge of the gunibs. This food
 first becomes decomposed, (really putrijiid
 vitiates the secretions oi juices of the mouth,
 wbioh, from the pernicious influence exerted
 thereby, acts immediately upon the teeth.
 At every swallow we take, according to the
 animal economy, a portion of the saliva pass
 es into the stomach, entering into the offices
 of digestion, passing into vessels, infusing
 itsqjf into all the ramifications of the system,
 and thus again becomes part and parcel of the
 general circulation.
 It is plain, then, that in order to present
 health, the teeth and mouth should be ii
 the most healthy condition. Aside from the
 dispeptic affections arising from diseased
 teetli and unclean mouths, inflammation from
 the gumbs is frequently conveyed to the
 throat, thus producing bronchitis, consump
 tion, and other affections.
 The pleasure, comfort and luxury enjoyed
 from a clean mouth, will amply compensate
 any one for the time required in obtaining it.
 Were there nothing else to induce the use
 of the brush, personal pride should be suffi
 cient. A clean mouth is generally considered
 an index to our taste and breeding, and the
 contrary has a tendency to produce a contrary
 impression. The remedy is easy and con
 venient—the simple use of a tooth-brush and
 water. The water should never be used so
 cold as to excite the teeth, but hike-warm, as
 both heat and cold excite unhealthy action,
 which diseases the teeth. The brush should
 be used every day—on ri-ing in the morning,
 and after each meal. There should be a
 a brush for the children exclusively, until ca
 pable of using their own, when each should
 have a brush. The purchase of a brush may
 preserve health and save money.
The Convention.
 Great interest is manifested for the ap
 proaching Convention at Cleveland, on the
 sixth of September next, where it is hoped a
 great and general rally of the injured Free
 men will be found, equal to the emergency
 which demands their action.
 Ere another issue of this paper reaches you,
 the Contention will have met. Rally!
 rally rally Freedom’s cause demands
 assistance—corne to the rescue
 The above was intended for last week's
 paper, but was crowded out.
John C. C alhoun.
 This sin corrupted old man, worn down and
 blasted in his unsuccessful effort* in the per
 manent establishment of slavery in
 recently figured as usual, in a meeting of slave
 holders in Charleston, when he advised, in the
 event of the triumph of freedom, nullification
 and physical resistance to the North.
 On the arrival of this man’s birth day, there
 surely must be a celebration in the lower re
 gions, m honor of their patron fiend.
Scientific Darkey laic*. —The negroes
 of the West Indies have a method of »le*img
 rum, w hich involves a principle of pneuma
 tics. They t»ke a bottle filled with water,
 invert it, and place the neck in the bung-bole
 of the barrel, so as to much the liquor; the
 water, being the beaviekt, sicks 1010 the
 liquor, leaving a vacuum in the b« tile, which
 is iben filhd wi*h the liquor forced up by the
 aimosj lane f retture. Lx. pa^r.
 Alter ati, there is a moral principle
 involved m the a!*ove, cast as it may appear.
 Those who axe most oppressed and have the
 fewest pnv ueges, are generally tl»e most ex
 pert in schemes and tricks of cunning. This
 character is remarkable in the slaves of the
 South also, (sorry aie we of the necessity ol
 so disparaging woman as to say it, but upon
 the miserable heads of despotic men let tbe
 shame rest,) lemaikable in females, so much
 so, that among men it has become proverbial
 that Nothing can equal the ivnwng of
 woman. We repeat, that wherever thrie is
 oppression ai d tyrannical restriction, it com
 pel* a resort to schemes, tricks and cunning.
Wam»t*©.—it m some* tut amusing to
 *ee the interest man dotted pro-slavery
 pspers, at the uestfoent fteerved by Mr.
 Hale at the hands of hi*friends.’’ He could
 have received V* petmr.suoa had his friend*
 stood by hurt; and then the tears stream down
 thetr faces, leaving a visible in prtssn n is tbe
 dough. The fact of the matter is, tbe nomi
 nation of Van Bureo and Adams, t* the
 vereet stroke they eonld has* received. It
 lose** them writhing is very agony.
 ny At the meeting held lu Aihany, oo
 Seturdsy evening, lor the itJtof of the ftu&amp;sren
 by the late lire, $5OOO wg* subectlbed oo the
 SBC* ~7
ID* We will publish, next week, Mr.
 j Van Huron's letter of accept »ne« to the Buf
 j falo nomination. He has adopted the whole
 platform, with able comments.
 The Eyes should be bathed well every
 mominf in dear cold water, which strength*
 cnsihe tight materially. The must Convenient
 mode of doing this, is to keep them open,
 .immersing of plunging the face into the water
 going to tra«h. By this mean*,
 the custom will become a certain daily pro
 cess.
 Should there be a tendency to inflamnua*
 lion or weakness, a white linen handkerchief
 should be used in wiping them silk is inju
 rious.
 KF English, indicted with Sayres and
 Drayton in the Pearl slave case, Washington
 city, has been fully and finally acquitted.—
 There could be found no cause for action
 against English, be having been a hireling on
 the Pearl, acting as cook and steward of the
 vessel. The fate of Sayres and Drayton is
 doubtful.
KT* The Tckgrr/ph, of Pittsburg, finds
 fault with us, simply for remarking that a
 young lady in the uman*s Rights Conven
 tion was talented! Friend laTke must have
 recently taken to himself a wife, or he would
 not dare betray such a want of gallantry.
European Correspondence. We have
 received this w r eek, from a special correspond
 ent in London, an account of the ineffectual
 attempt and overthrow of the Irish in the late
 struggle for independence, which will be read
 with interest. There are items in it not pub
 lished elsewhere.
A Word of Inquiry.— Since this time
 last year, how many colored people have com
 menced respectable business for themselves
 how many obtained lands how many gone
 to fanning I and j, (nv nja ny quit the hotels
 and other menial occupations, determined to
 better their condition, and thereby contribute
 to the elevation of their race, themselves and
 families
Th esc are important questions. Some
 among our dominant fellow-citizens am con
 tinually making such changes, hence their
 continual progress.
 JET 3 The nmst important Act of Congress,
 alter a long and tedious session of nine months,
 was to pass the Oregon Free Teiiiory Bill;
 the second was the adjournment on the 14th
 lust.
 Snuff Chewing, is among the most
 pernicious and injurious habits one can he ;ut
 j dieted to. Among the consequences produced
 is. Spinal A fleet ion, especially among females.
 What iady will continue this vulgar j ructiee 1
 For health and decency's sake abstain from it.
 Rather substitute ground ivffce, until the in
 diuation lor ns use is lost then cease to us©
 :the coffee.
 ID 3 Frequently bathing m cold water, rub
 ling the skin with a coatse linen* towel until
 dry, is more conducive to health than a whole
 sale drug store, with half a dozen practising
 physicians in it.
 I'rogress.—Let each person ask him
 seit, “what have I dime during the past
 week for the improvement of myself, aud the
 benefit ol others.* In this way every person
 w ill be prompted to some aet of usefulness.
 Ridiculous 1 lie tijg State Convention
 for Vermont, met and passed resolutions u&gt;
 support Taylor, and oppose Slavery Lxten
 Sion!
 j Mortality in London.— The number of
 deat.is m ihe metropolis during the week end
 ing Saturday, July 1, was 1100, being ‘JI
 more than the week previous, and 157 above
 :ihe average ol the preceding five springs.
 jOl the deaths, 3-17 were occasioned by
 epidemic and contagious uiseases. r l‘he birth*
 in tliu week were 1552.
 i Mummies. l he Texss Star states that a
 million of mummies have been discovered in
 the environs of Durango m Mexico. They
 are in a sitting posture, but have the sanuo
 wrappings, hau ls and oruaaieiits as the Egyp.
 tians.
 Chateaubriand. —The distinguished autho
 of “The Genius of Christianity,” died in
 Paris, on the 4th of July, in the 60th year
 ol his age. It is said that he has Jell in
 manuscript ten volumes of Memoirs, which
 i will probably be soon given to the public.
 ID* 1 wo of the Albany fre companies l ad
 a disgraceful fight in that city on Saturday
 night.—One man was shot, and is not expect
 ed to recover, and another was severely
 wounded with a slung shot. Several were
 more or leas wounded
 j
 A Large Parish.— Elder Knapp is about
 to lake up his residence in the West. In an
 advertisement, offering his house for sale, he
 i says:
 The celebrated dwelling house of Jacob
 Knapp, in the village of Hamilton, N, Y
 .together with ten acres of land, on which
 the house stands, will be sold low, as he is
 about to locale his family in Illinois, that he
 may be near the centre of his parish, which
 extends from the shorts of the Atlantic to
 the shores of Oregon and from the rivers to
 the ends of the earth!”
 Lowell.—A quarter of a century agp
 Lowell was not know. It was then almost
 uninhabited. Now it contains 25.0C0 inhabi
 tants, 47 cotten and woolen mills, 1! I t
 mills, of inc&lt;&gt;rjx&gt;rated capital, 280.000
 spindles; and SbOO looms. There are from
 U) to 15,€00 giri» employed in the mills. On f/
 every side new buildings are being erected
 and improvement is the urber of the day.
 Symfathy.— A good Deacon making a*
 official visit to a dying neighbor, who was
 very churlish and univ. rsally unpopular mao,
 put the usual question—
 Are you willing to go my friend V*
 Oh, yes, said the nick, man I a».”
 Well," said the simple-minded loceo
 I am glad you are, for all the uaghbars are
 vilUng.
 A Cbvrcm turned into a Railroad
 The ancient cdk gute church of Edinburgh,
 has been purchased by the North Bn£h
 Railway Company for a wagon shed. The
 Limbs of the Scottish Queens, which will
 have to he removed, will cost the company
 seventeen thousand pound*.
 Stranoi tr True.—The Medical Times
 mentions a maniac who never slept, and vet
 Uved is good health till his fe3d year. He
 had s kind of dosing fn t about s quarter of an
 OUT o, c which was all tae slumber
 he was ever known te take.
TO CORUSFOXDENI 3.
 lA.H., fnmbtrg. CnUmi to So. H.
 A. F•• PrevidMca, R. ud mm—
 «»d«*L Cmm iwn if Horn intul of to
 I***'* Tl*jr in rtgdftrfcftMl. i
 A+rY—g rnwifiriifm h*n nnind aarf

 mSsrXft
 jp* ft too nock, wbkh is piaarf u&gt; you* mdtt.
 T **;r. V—*2 o|k*. h«s «4
