(Communications.
The Buur.
 4.
 Difc* Fkibkds Douglass A Delasy
 Pernni me,through the medium of your p&amp;|«er
 10 »av lu the Anti-Slavery friends every
 where, that we are at work in Rochester foi
 the cause of .he oppressed. We meet onc«
 t Wtek to knit, read, and ulk for th&lt;
 cause, and |»rsj«re for our Bazaar, winch i
 to co na off the 20th of December next.
 Tne pleasure of meeting oi.ee a week wnl
 the free and cheerful spirits of such men an&lt;
 women as are engaged in this holy and un
 •eifith cause, is sufficient recomper se for thi
 loss in our labors at home, without looking lo:
 a deeper and more enduring compensation
 which always follows right action. Indeed
 I can scarcely wait fiom one Thursday H
 another, without seeing the devoted lew «b(
 are in the habit of meeting on that day at th&lt;
 Anti-Slavery Rooms, so strongly have the tie)
 •f friendship become cemented. Oh, tin
 blessedness of Anti-slavery! —it not onlj
 makes fitends at home, but the veriest fneodi
 ef strangers. Even tbc broad Atlantic foimi
 •o harrier to Un* expansive work of recipro
 cal righteousness; for we sec a noble band o:
 trans-Atlantic women, warm friends of oui
 beloved and devoted Frederick Douglass, noi
 only sympathizing, but co-operating with ui
 in carrying out our intended plan for supplying
 articles for the Rochester Bazaar; verily
 their names have become dear to U 3. Tht
 friends, too, in our own villages of Henrietta
 Darien and Port Byron, are at work, and
 trust in many other places from whom w&lt;
 have not yet heard. Let each of us seek t&lt;
 aid in some way, and the gathering togethe:
 of our substance and handiwork in Deceinboi
 w ill be highly beneficial to the cause. Sis
 ters, remember the silent yet watchful throb
 bings ot each bondman's heart. They should
 touch responsively every soul, and lead us to
 re-dedicate ourselves to the work of their
 complete emancipation.
 Yours faithfully, A. P.
 Rochester, Aug 22.
 To Mr. Prior Foster and others engaged
 in the “Woodstock Institute.”
 Mr. Editor —On the 30ih of May last,
 Mr. J. W. Loguen, of Syracuse, received
 from “the trustees of the Woodstock Manual
 Labor Institute,” by the hands of their Gen
 eral Agent, Prior Foster, a commission to
 travel, lecture, and collect funds for the prose
 cution of the benevolent object of the Insti
 tute. Mr. Loguen came home, intending to
 prepare himself at once to execute the com
 mission. But he found it difficult and not
 advisable to sepirate himself from the church
 of which he has had tiie pastoral care. He
 therefore, by the aJviec of friends, con
 cluded to relinquish the commission he had
 received accordingly, early in July, he de
 posited with me the certificate of his appoint
 ment, and the instructions accompanying it.
 to he kept until called li.r by Mr. Foster. He
 requested me to make this statement imme
 diately in the North Slar, but 1 have neglected
 lo do so until now.
 It is understood that Mr. Loguen intends
 to devote a part of his time to his parochial
 district m Syracuse, and the residue to lectur
 ing upon Temperance and Anti-Slavery, and
 the improvement of colored people, wherever
 he may be invited or find an opportunity.
 Yours truly, SAMUEL J. MAY.
 Philadlchu, Aug. 15, 1818.
 At a meeting, pursuant to public notice, of
 colored citizens, held on the 11th inst., at the
 Philadelphia Institute, for the purpose of
 hearing an Anti-Slavery Lecture from Win.
 W. Brown, a fugitive slave from Missouri,
 Jas. Carter was appointed Chairman, and
 George W. Goines Secretary afier which
 Mr. Brown was introduced and took the stand,
 and entertained the audience with a speech,
 which, for earnest purpose, sound policy and
 faithful exposition, is rarely equalled. Mr.
 Brown does not abound in giddy or metaphy
 sical metaphor, hut enchains his audience
 with an eloquent and earnest array of matter
 of-fact argument. He spoke of our condi
 tion—insisted upon the stern necessity of a
 high standard of self-respect—urged uniter;
 action and determined purpose, to stem the
 torrent of popular prejudice. The colored
 church and clergy came in for their share ol
 rebuke, for their apathy and indifference in
 behalf of the toiling bondman, and charged
 home upon them their recreancy in refusing
 to open their churches for anti-slavery lec
 tures, and concluded by urging their impera
 tive obligation and Christian duty.
 Mr. Charles Lenox Rernond was next in
 troduced, and proceeded at once, in his usual
 eloquent style, to speak of the pro-slavery
 position that our people occupy. He de
 manded, in the name ol justice, equity and
 humanity, that they open their churches, and
 receive the fugitive slave that had addressed
 them. His retnirks throughout were at once
 sound, searching and salutary.
 Mr. Robert Purvis, bn being introduced,
 made a speech of great jSwer, aril concluded
 by a respectful invite to those differing in sen
 timent to come forward and defend them,
 which brought the Rev. Daniel Scott, a Bap
 tist clergyman, to the platform,who attempted
 a refutation, when C. L. Remond arose, and
 said he recognized the voice of his once friend
 Si* ph'-n H Gloucester, audibly endorsing the
 seniimentsot the last speaker, and would most
 respectfully invite hint to come forward and
 t end them. Mr. Gloucester being loudly
 calM k®. ,o lb, and
 ir bul cha
 eng .r. e "und t 0 llin a[ a
 quent time, when h» .m
 w °u‘d prove that the
 churches of rhda.feh.lil-.
 aJCl l»'na were anti-slavery
 that his course while abr..-.a
 anroid was justifiable
 and rtqiel the charm* of
 Bacr mcing principle
 for filthy lucre ,n the tr tl h ur of 42 by
 art attempt to projmtat* the mobocracy by a
 false and cont -mptible commun.cauon ail «f
 which being accepted, and Tuesday ,f’ e 15tll
 mat at the Little Wesley Church, the ne
 and place fixed for the discussion, the meeun
 adjourned.
 Tuesday, Aug. 15th.-At an eatly hour
 tbs church was well filled, but “the cry u
 Soil they coins and multitudes oontin
 csd to coats until thsro was a literal jam.—
 The excitement beggars all description. At
 langth the men and time amrad, and the
 ißjeung was organized by appointing Dr. J. J.
 B*|a President, and Miflw W. Gibbs Secre
 tary.
 l Uc President stated the qoestioa to bed;*-
 (tad g Wifc
Resolved. That twenty minutes be the al
 lotted tone for each speaker.
 Mr. Gloucester then anwe, armd increasing
 excitement. He began by claiming an anti
 alavery character for the church—endeavored
 to entrench himself b hind the aympathiea of
 church-members, by euuraeraung tbc good
 deeds of each specific chureh he was evi
 dently em!»rra»sed. and he expressed bitter
 regret that he had taken the position.—
 (Laughing and ch-ering Mr. Gloucester
 did as well as men generally do when con
 tending against the right.
 Mr. Remond arose amidst great applause.
 He jqxtke of the pm-slarery position of a
 majority of the churches—the difficulty of
 obtaining churches for lectures—proved the
 negligence and apathy of them relative to
 the movement. To say the speech was pow
 erful, eloquent and soul-thrilling, will not de
 scribe it. His opponent's points vanished be
 fore his magic touch like the early mist before
 the morning sun. The excitement became
 intense, and he was frequently interrupted by
 loud and continued applause. His time hav
 ing expired, Mr. Gloucester reappe&amp;ied, with
 1 considerable checnng from his friends, but
 evidently worsted by the strife. He spoke
 within his previous trains of argument, but
 they w ere too much shattered to present in a
 tangible manner, and finally, concluded with
 out adverting to bis tour in the «ld world, and
 his identification with the Free Church of
 Scotland, or the communication of ‘42.
 Mr. Remond closed the debate with a re
 joindet, which, throughout, was interspersed
 with the thundering plaudits of the assembled
 multitude. The question being put to the
 house, was decided in the negative, (that they
 were not anti-slavery.) Mr. Jones (one of
 Mr. G.’s members (attempted his defence,
 with considerable sarcasm; when Robert
 Purvis obtained the floor, and portrayed in the
 most powerful manner Mr. G.'s faithlessness
 in the old world, and his recreancy in the
 new—
 With more of horrible and awful,
 Which e’en to name would be unlawful!”
 It was excoriation to the fullest extent, with
 out compromise, without concealment.”
 At the conclusion of Mr. Purvis’ remarks,
 it was resolved to adjourn.
 The excitement is yet intense, but reno
 vating—awakening new views, and giving
 birth to new feelings, which,
 Tho’ born like the rainbow,
 ’Mid thun ier and storm,”
 will purify the moral atmosphere, and give a
 felicitous zest lo our common cause, for a;
 spirit of discussion has gone forth, unbolting I
 those doors which pro-da very has made fast,
 inviting the people to honest inquiry and
 earnest action.
 J. J. G. B. AS, Pres’t.
 M. W. Gills, Sec’y.
P. S.—l would have given you a sketch of
 a subsequent meeting held by friends Brown
 and Remond. at which time the claims of the
 North Star were presented by Mr. Remond,
 and a number of subscriber obtained, which
 will be furthcoming through your agent, Mr.
 Geo. W. Goines, but my limits are already j
 exceeded.
Columbia, Aug. 21, 1818.
 Fuiends Douglass Delanv —ln my
 former let ei noticing the meeting in the city
 of Philadelphia, I .signified nay intention of!
 pursuing the subject of tlu pro-slavery portion
 of the colored churches. I will now proceed
 to the consideration of the subject, without
 the remotest intention of courting favor on
 the one hand or giving offence on the other.
 I appreciate the magnitude of the subject,
 and regret that I am unable to bring to its a d
 the logical powers and perspicuity of reasonii.g
 necessary to its elucidation. All ihat I am
 able to promise is, that I will follow in that
 channel where truth and my own convictions
 may lead. Jt 1 err, it shall be on the side of
 conscience and humanity. I know, also, that
 those who oppose the present church organ
 izations, will find the attribute of tnercy ex
 tinct, and that they would, were it in their
 power, disj'ose of their adversaries in this
 world in the most summary manner, and hand
 them over to the King of Perdition, to suffer
 everlasting torments in the world to come.—
 But as no action of theirs can, a. t.iis enlight
 ened period ol the world, stop the free ex
 pression ol opinion on the rights of con
 science and humanity, I will assert what I
 believe to be true on tins point, viz: That the
 colored churches and clergy of these United
 States are both iheurelically and praeticallv j
 sustaining a pro-s a&gt; ety position. In speak- 1
 ing of their position as a fixed fact, I am not
 charging them with being either dishonest or
 hypocritical; I am more inclined to believe
 that the majority are honest and conscientious,
 and thereloie are subjects ot p;tv and regard.
 It is the very nature of their theology and
 practice that places them in such an unnatural
 position and it is really astonishing that they
 should either deny it or leel offended at the
 cltarge. It augurs well for the future pros-
 pects of the cause of freedom, that the the
 ology of the sects is not based on natural}
 law, else those members and clergymen u ho
 have declared themselves for humanity, could
 not have risen above it, so as to come out and
 escape from then Babylonish captivity. It is
 when church members become imbued with
 nobler, higher, and holier pnaciples for the
 welfare of the human family, that their lofty
 spirits burst the sectarian cords. It is also to
 be regretted that many remain in the churches
 that are obnoxious to it on accouut of
 their action and sympathy with the
 cause of the slave. The spir.tual st-uctures
 of such persons, like un ntu.ul m i ,»ter«, have
 overgrown ihe hat ihmeuts of iheir sact, aud
 are practically too go.nl to be assoeta’ed with
 the mass still, they confine their otherwise
 lolly spirits iu the grave-clothes of sect, rather!
 than walk abroad in ihe majesty of freedom,
 regenerating the world, and couquermg ear
 rounding evils. Well, if they will re nain
 amongst them, let them not complain if oth-:
 era, by observing their aetiuns, recognise the
 image of the beast on their torches U. It i*
 a natural law that water cannot nae above its
 level, and it ia equally true that tho tacts can-,
 -ot rise above their own standard. If oertam
 individuals among them have climbed up the
 ladder of humanity to a lofuer sphere, the
 aect to whom they belong cannot lay any more
 claim or credit to their virtues, than to the
 crimes of the culprit or hsngmant hey have
 J ‘it excommunicated. Thousands sod tho..-;
 sand* of our oppressed brethren have lived
 4 :z the f-;th Valief that the rsh-
gioo of the eecte, under God, would be the
 means of xnnihiNnng slavery and oppression
 from the world, and thousand* yet live in
 blind adoration of the same faith. Poor do-'
 iude d victims of a corrupt theology which is j
 wiihout parallel in the slave code itarif!—
 They have imbibed thAr views of religion j
 and the requirem *n’.s of God from man, and
 hta duties to lua fellow-creature* chiefly from
 the authorized exposition* of Protestant com
 mentators, which, while tho different sects
 have disagreed on a multitudinous portion of
 points, there have been but two on which
 they could ground their weapons of rebellion,
 viz the existence of G-»d, and the natural
 degradation of the colored race. I therefore
 regard it a misfortune, not a crime, that we
 have imbibed and adopted a religion as much
 opposed lo our common interest, as it is to our
 ideas of the just and impartial administration
 of Jehovah. Our souls have fed by the
 scourgera of our bodies.' The lash of the
 driver and scourge of the overseer form a
 portion of our trinitarian powers, from which
 we have received nur religious, moral and
 l.unporal education. We need therefore not
 to be astonished that our religious orthf&gt;doiv
 is pro-slatery, because it is perfectly natural
 that it should resemble its parentage.
 In my next, I shall notice the pro-slavery
 tendency of the orthodox sects, who form a
 part and parcel of the Protestant rel gion.
 W. W.
Detroit, Aug. 23, 1848.
 Rally! Rally!! yo colored Americans,
 if possible, from the four corners of the
 American Union, to do battle in Freedom’s
 cause For the cricis is at hand, when the
 great National Convention of colored Free
 men, from all parts of our country, and from
 British America, will take place in the city of
 Cleveland, Ohio, on the 6th of September
 next. This will doubtless be one of the lar
 gest and most important gatherings ever held
 by the oppressed of this nation, since the for
 mation of this government. I see no reason
 why it should not be so, when looking over
 the world, at the oppressed of all nations,
 gaining their liberty only in ptnportion to their
 own exertions, in their own cause. And sure
 y our liberties are as dear to us as if we were
 he proudest statesmen! Human nature with
 her million tongue voices answers, Y’es. And
 if so, we must evidently do w hat others have
 done, and are still doing to regain it. Europe
 has long been moving slowly but permanently
 proximating to an impartial fteedoin for all.—
 Ireland is now making a mighty struggle for
 i human liberty and equal rights, and sl ne
 j holding France has set us a noble example by
 breaking chains, dethroning tyrants, and pru
 j claiming liberty to her crushed thousands of
 enslaved Africans,and now Liberty and Frater
 nity is her motto, to be perpetuated through
 all coming time.
 In consideration of the above acts, colored
 Freemen of America, has the time not come
 when we should begin to act imitedly upon
 the all-important subject of human freedom,
 and self elevation Or shall we he silent and
 dumb u|&gt;on the subject, when we can all see
 the great la nj s of universal liberty lighting
 up the whole the wheels of eman
 cipation sailing acr£s the Atlantic, with a ra
 pidity w hich would crush a proslaverv world
 if it stood in the way No, dear brethren,
 let us come together by thousands, fiom all
 parts of this Slavs holding Nation, and like
 the untiring sons of old Ireland, kindle up the
 sacred fires of liberty upon the altars of our
 hearts, which shall never be extinguished un
 til the hist slave of America is free. I hope
 and expect to see the Western Slates well re
 presented. Michigan will be on hand Cana
 da is making ready; wh.it s.ty you our sister
 States 1 Come one, come all let us have a
 glorious revival in tiiec ausc of freedom! Ever
 true to the causa uf humanity, 11. 8188.
London, Aug. 11, 1818.
 Dear Sir: Political events arc following
 each other with such rapidity, that it is ex
 ceedingly difficult to keep tip a knowledge ol
 the actual state of affairs in the different coun
 tries of the continent.
 The committee appointed by the National
 Assembly of France, to investigate the origin
 and causes of the late terrible insurrection
 have at last presented their report. Their ex
 amination has been very searching, and they
 have brought to light a grrat many interesting
 details. The whole of the report and all the
 documents connected with it, are now in the
 press and will be published in a few davs.—
 Lamartine, I am happy to sav, and as I all
 along believed, is found to be in no way impli
 cated, although he is not much admired at
 present for political sagacity. Le.lru Kollin
 is charged with abuse of power, and seems
 rather to have favored in some instances, the
 schemes of the enemies of order, but on the
 spur of the moment, just after the report was
 read, he delivered a very energetic defence,
 and the general opinion is tint he is not very
 culpable. Louis Blanc, however, and Caus
 sidiere, seem to be deeply implicated, and will
 have to undergo a regular taui, an 1 probablv
 be sent to join Alber t, Barbes, and Biunqui, iu
 their imprisonment. Louis Bianc is under
 stood to be a very benevolent aud well moan
 ing man, but it is a misfortune attending all
 violent revolutions, that however much there
 may be to justify them at first, some of the
 actors in them, if once successful, never know
 when to stop; so that plot tallows plot, uil the
 country is involved in anarchy, which leads to
 despotism. No doubt ilic ultimate result ul
 the last French Revolution will be good, and
 perhaps it was absolutely Decessaiy that
 France should p iss through th s tamale or
 deal; but in the m.*an tirni its lbicrti:* aie cur
 tailed. For instance, only the other day a
 Bill pissed the National Assembly, compel]
 ing ail parlies establishing a newspaper, tode
 posit in th s National Treasury 100,UOO fiancs,
 as security for ths paytnaat ot any Fines they
 might incur in consequence of political offen
 ces. Under Louts Philipps, the deposit was
 only 60,000 francs. The difference is, that
 the one was intended to be permanent and for
 the security of a dynasty, the other, is the
 measure of s temporary emergency, and for
 the safety of the Nation, and us own elected
 government. The state of France is very
 much dwelt upon here, as s laascu to aJI re
 formers not to resort to violent measures for
 the purpose of gaining their ends. 1 1 oertaio
 ly loaches that, but it conveys also solemn
 warning to all rulers, what her monarch*, par
 liaments. or eleetoitl coasmueoctee, noi to
 bring upon themselves the awful responsibility
 of such calamities, by ths relusal of equal po
 ii-wel rjir
To* will bs worry to b«sr that the Austrian
 array In* gamed several successes ia Lombar
 dy. Indeed, Marshal Rsdetxki ia sweeping
 the country before him, and has driven Charles
 Albert from one p at to another, until at length
 he has been compelled to fall hack uj*»a Milan.
 Rumms arrived b? r to day that Milan
 itself has capitulated. These successes are
 the more to be deplored, as they involve an
 immense amount of cruelty and bloodshed
 without any poisihle result. To restore the
 Austrian Empire ia happily an impossibility.
 In Vienna itself. tha Austrian funds fsll on re
 ceipt of the intelligence of the success of their
 ►own army, because it was feared that if suc
 cessful in Lombardy, it would be used for the
 purpose of wresting from the Austrians them
 selves, their recently obtained liberties. One
 consequence which has already followed, is
 that the Pope has been compelled openly to
 declare war against Austria, and the other
 Italian States are vigorously arming in de-
 I fence of the Lombards. Ambassadors have
 been sent from Venice and Milan, to Paris, to
 request the armed assistance of France. But
 as that would involve a European war, the
 French government has declined, but at the
 I same time is actually engaged in conjunction
 j with ours, in mediating between the parties.
 English and French Envoys were sent ofl
 jin all poAjibl* hast?, to endeavor to iuduce
 ißadetzki to pause in his victorious career,
 with tha view of closing the war at once, on
 :just terms, but he would consent to nothing
 less than the surrendur of nearly all Lombar
 dy in the mean time, which Charles Albert
 would not agree to. It is generally expected
 how-eve* that by the mediation of France and
 Great Britain, the war will be brought to a
 close without much more fighting.
 Intelligence was received here lately, that
 in consequence of the liberation of the negroes
 in the French West Indies, the Governor ot
 the Danish Island of St. Croix, had been com
 pelled for fear of a threatened insurrection, to
 emancipate them there also. So that I sup
 pose the only States protesting civilization,
 which are now guilty of the revoking crime
 of Slaveh d ling, are the United States ot
 North America, and the free and enlightened
 Monarchies of Spain and Portugal.
 The Irish rebellion has been nipped in the
 bud. lin nediately upon the suspension of the
 Habeas Corpus act, L *rd Clarendon proceeded
 to disarm all the disaffected pails of the coun
 try. A great .many arms have been taken,
 but it is supposed that large qu3ntiti s are still
 concealed. The Nation,” and Felon”
 newspapers have been suppressed, and all par
 ties concern 'd in the editing and printing ot
 them arrested. Smith O. Brien, Meagher,
 and the other leaders, went to the South of
 Irelan 1, for the purpose of raising the people
 to insurrection, and for a few days succeeded
 in keeping together sine thousands of nten.
 B it the. power of the government brought
 suddenly to bearupjn them, was overwhelm
 ing There are upwards of 10.003 troops in
 Ireland, under tha com oand of Lord Hard.
 inge, aid a fleet o.T the coajt, C a run mini b
 Sir. C Napi ;r. No actual battfp took place,
 except at a sin ill village called B mhgh, where
 a party of 60 policemen met Mr. O Brian at
 the head of two or thr :e thousand armed
 I peasants. The policemen firefi upon the peo
 ple, and killed three, the rest retired wiihout
 injuring the police, partly because of Mr. O'-
 Brien’s reluctance to be engaged in bloodshed.
 Proclamations were issued, offering X’soo re
 ward for the capture of O'Brien, and .C3UO
 ;each for the other leaders. All persons har
 boring them were declared guilty of high trea
 son. Many urrisis were made, the priests
 every where endeavored to dissuade the peo
 ple Irom acts of revolt, arid at last, the people
 were so discouraged and panic stricken, that
 the leaders were obliged to hide in the most
 re tired* places they could find. Mr. Smith 0
 Brien, after sleeping under hedges three nights,
 came to the railway station at Thurles, a town
 full of troops, and asked for a second class
 ticket to Limerick. He was immediately re
 cognized by one of the railway guards, and
 arrested and taken prisoner to Dublin. He is
 now in KUtoaniham Jail. The other leaders
 have not yet been taken, but it is understood
 that tu*y have sent a Catholic priest to Lord
 j Clarendon, offering to sutrender if he will
 promise not to con iemn them to execution. 1
 hope and b dieve, that there will be no execu
 tions, but it is not likely that Lord Clarenden
 will make terms. A special commission has
 been opened at Dublin for the trial of the pris
 oners, and a true bill lias been brought against
 C. Gavin Duffy, the editor of the Nation,”
 for felony.
 The potato blight has appeared here again
 this yetr. Some weeks ago, great alarm was
 felt in consequence, but now it is generally be
 lieved 'hat the potatoes are recovering, or thnt
 at all events, the disease is not very wide
 spread.
 An immense number of people are emi
 grating at present to our Southern Colonics.
 T.he trade in wool w ith these colonies has
 been progressively encouraging, and South
 Australia sends us much wheat and other
 agricultural produce, beside being immensely
 rich in minerals Earl Gray made soma in
 teresting statements with regard to the colo
 nies la?t night. It appears that the popula
 tion of them is now greaier, and is increasing
 much raora rapidly than that of out North
 A uericin colonies were when they became
 independent. Our trade with them a also in
 comparably gre iter.
 Mr. BnkeJy moved a resolution in the
 II mse of Common* in favor of vote by ballot
 in elections of member* of Parliament. Nut
 wiiiustandirig the opposition of Laird Juba
 Russell, it was carried by a majority of 5
 the number being 66 to 81. The House was
 small, but it consisted chiefly of thos: me:n
 -b rs who catn3 for the purpoae of seriously
 doing iheir duty.
 Cholera is raging vrith great severity in
 Russia, sad it i» said that four case* have ap
 jieared at Berlin. It will come
 we»i ward by arid by, and the Government m
 making preparation* to it, by the publi
 cation of directions to favor of clean I me**,
 Ac. A kind of Eagltah cholera :a eery pre
 valent here just sew, tr:d i* a soma cats*
 fita!, supposed to bs ooet*ien#d by tha dasf
 ss»s ~d ohajgeiblsns** of the wsaih*r.
 Yours, R. 3. O.
Can’t U*DCSS7aNS —W* eanaot un
 derstand how it is that delicate ynarg ladies,
 too cl .hcate to run cp and down suu f s in
 their own bouses, are able to d-ac, down the
 strongest men ia ths bail rno n. Tisa phe
 nomenon of nature of which no ons e*«ms
 capable of giving an explanation.” What
 yovrg girl tme gates! peat:
at (hr? o’clock in tbs raorrrin# nn ibc score of
 being ti/rd I*— iS'usAita Oau.
 [niy that the Oasis sho fid remain to k«f
 in suspeose,—aft tbs while the those
 pwn? the ro«mds.* The in-door life of wo-
 into is monotonous 1 ver*; tbs is extremely
 susceptible of excitement; and every one
 bwiwe that w««n m on Jot cxctietneet re cape-;
 bis of end trance bsyoud her actus! strength,
 n proportion the ball room differs tro-n
 doily scenes doea the excitemeat become
 rr?at?r; hence her strength.]— prwaers,
 H7* What ever applies to woman, appLes
 to man; bu; ib s is mere deception.
 A Poses.— A ciln. blae-eyed, sdf-com
 posed aod self-possessed young ledy ht a
 villa?*? down east,” received a long call the
 other day from a prying old spinster, who,
 after prolonging her stay beyond even her own
 conception of the vouug lady's endurance,
 cam? to the miin question which bad brought
 her thither; “I've b-jen asked a good rainy
 times if yon was engaged to Dr. C —Now
 if folks inquire whether yon b? or not.
 what shall I tell'etn 1 //ii/uH” “Tell them,’’
 answered the young lade, fixing her calm blue
 •yes hi unblushing steadiness upon tbc inquis
 itive features uf liar interrogator, tell them
 that you think you don't know, and you ars
 sure it is noaa of your business.” —July
 KniJserborkcr.
 Rhode Iklnui Anti-Slnver; Fair.
 TO THE FRIE.VD3 OF TBC OPPiESSEO.
 Dear Brethren and Sisters
 fli not wsary m well-doing;”—your
 co-operation ia still needed to carry on the
 work ofTelieving the p.»or and oppressed, fi
 iis slid, G.nl works by means —then certainly
 it does not become innn to discard instrument
 alities. I)o w.* not believe that this is God's
 work? Then are we not ready to act as His
 agents —to hold whatever is entrusted to us,
 either of time, talent, or money, consecrate
 to his service Who can doubt that Liberty
 and Human redemption are always objects of
 tender regard and especial blessing with the
 infinite Good Who can doubt that He is
 unsparing in the means to promote this glori
 ous end! Who of us, then, will hesitate—
 or rather will not hasten to be with the Ali
 Good a fellow-helper It is a glorious— it is
 our glorious privilege. To do good is a
 blessed privilege—blessed to the agent and
 object; so blessed, that we could almost be
 theukful for the world's evil and wretchedness.
 Then the patience and fortitude that come
 from the strife with evil, and from continued
 self-denial, arc they not above all price
 Now, friends, for your good, and the good
 of our bicthren and sisters in bonds—for the
 good of the world, that the current of human
 sympathy and kindliness that is beginning to
 flow may be increased and hastened, we ask
 you to assist in preparations now making lor
 our Annual Fair. Thanks to you for your 1
 promptness and kindness in behalf of former
 efforts—be assured that many souls have been I
 comforted, and many distressed ones made to
 rejoice. Defore you decide how much you
 will do, just review the numberless favors,
 blessings and privileges won enjoy—take a
 view, also, of the deprivation and distresses
 uf your fe!iow-m.;n. Then call to mind that
 only article of the Philanthropist's creed—
 Whatsoever ye would that men should do
 unto you, do ye even so to them.” Now de
 cide. and we fear not the result.
 We ask for anything tint you h ive to give
 —Money, Cloth, Produce, Groceries, Cloth-
 mg, Fancy Articles, the handiwork of the
 m ichanic, contributions from the Field, Orch
 ard and Garden—anything that ca i be turned
 to account, will be gladly received.
 Our Fairs heretofore have been eminently
 successful. As our resources increase, the
 field of operation enlarges, and to meet the
 demands of the present, the proceeds of tins
 should be larg;r than any former. Books,
 papers, tracts, and the voice of ihe living
 preacher are demanded. Will you help us
 send the n
 Our next Annual Fair will beholden in this
 city, on Wednesday, (commencement day.)
 September fill*. H iving sent us your contri
 butions, th in give us your bodily presence.
 Contributions will he received at the Anti-
 Slavery O.liee, and by the undersigned.—
 If sent to the Anti-Slavery Office, please di
 rect “Amarancy Paine, Anti-Slavery Office.
 Provi ie ice, R. 1.
 S. R. Harris, Providence,
 i M iry R. Clarke,
 Mary Steward,
 Sarah R. Smith,
 Ahby Thnrbet,
 Lucretia Francis,
 Elizabeth H. Brown,
 Mary II ithaway,
 Parenlha P. Janes,
 Olive Tiber,
 lunette Harding,
 Harriet N. Prentice,
 Sophia D. Peek,
 Anna M. Scott,
 11. B. S. Red way,
 Sirah R. B. Foster, 44
 Elizabeth B. Chase, Valley Falls.
 Abby Burgess, Pawtucket.
 Sarah Gould, Coventry.
 Mary Anthony,
 Miry 11. Adams, East Greenwich.
 S irah J. Brown, 44
 Mary W. Greene, Apponaug.
 Rrhecca P. Aldrich, Greenville.
 Betsey F. Liwton, Chepachet.
 Joanna K. Billo t, Cumberland.
 Sophia L. Little, Newport.
 Caroline A. Robbins,
 Anne F. Westcott, New Providence.
 Francis Clark?, 4
 Priscilla Coffin, Olmyville.
 Providence, R. 1., June *?5, IfMn.
Commercial.
Rochester. August 31, 1848.
 The Produce Maiket remain* about tie same u
 reported last week.
 In Wlwat thvre is rery little doing—sales from
 wagons at i 1 Outffl 06. Considerable eoming in.
 Flour is *5415,25, with small sales for home use.
 Wholesale price 85—retail 25.
 Good Wheal is orth 61 &lt;X.
 In Provub.u, no change —Barter is worth 12|ct»,
 Cheese ii:6 cu Lard 7 cts; Eggs rW9 ct».
 Rochester Wholes lie Prices Current.
 FLOCK asu MEAL—Duty 20 jr c »d ral
 FLor, y fch! .4 75 4t 500
 Omti meal, f bw»a 46
 PROVISIONS—I&gt;utv; Merf,P«fk,Hau, llscm,
 Butter ml Lard, 2) {*c; Cheese 2U f c ad *ai
 pork, (mess) 10 50
 Do. i» bog 100 S 4 90
 Beef, cwt. 1506 4 W
 D bbL (on) 700 a 800
 Lara (triad) PJb 4£ 7
 Do. (leaf,) 6
 Hams, (s-oikedj 7 8
 Shooi ier*. da. I &lt;SC 5
 Turk*) 0
 Chickens 0
 Potatoes. h»*h *25
 GRAlN—l&gt;n&gt;; 20 f c ad val
 Wheat, bat 1 03
 Own 45#..48
 Rve -.50
 (J,u C. 25
 Bain Id
 HlDE!*—Doty; JfesJnl
 SUngater i|
 Calf 10
 .Sheep Pelts Itj 20
 SEEDS—Duty; UaseedlOpc; jiu*urd 20 f
 eafni
 Ck»»ar
 Timodjy 125 C
 Flu 06
 FISH— Dmj fccwfa 2O r C ad *wl
 Wsix&amp;ah bol no
 Codfish cwt 4 00
 SUNDRIES—
 Sea, r ss
 Appla*. t sssh .00
 Dj* 0.. 75
 Lgmyjos
 Beeas.r besh §7 «k
 Hay, ft*
 Hee l wood
 »vd
Ai»ertis e m r n 13.
suw rnip niToav.
 'THE Miwcriber takes thw mribod Ip hfcra the
 A citizens ,f R -ch-aior aaJ vKtartv, b,
 )U*t tsiibiiilMJ s Pu.ap f Miatj, at aam’jci 224,
 Mazo (ban, where be vu! be l. ect «p*--*y 4];
 #h 1 may far.ir him with th ir f*frva*je.
 Having had cmwi fentUe exnerie -ire m hi# H*e o 4
 bonrssee, he pkifea rmne-it to jjo.
 article, ar«i ot as g &gt;xt nuttriai, tv ca-* procured
 at any other srailu* establishment is to* cat-, ilia
 hnr»*»d with eitner vreod or Ira J pipe,
 M Huy eprt cuwaaert. He also so*o* .*cs, to 01
 every u*-#a.iooa Aqoeajci Lusi,\c I .pe
 Tiae aubecuber tnii Lake p*aasu/e ,u uarecti -g suck
 of bis cart as ■ay re-mare the ~1: &gt;nnath*a, tc
 competent worktßM, wu) wau attend to ail calls
 if. drilling, a tr-asuag -.veils, promptly, and ai
 reasuoabl* fates. Ad. k.t*i cf P aoi*. i repaired It.
 order
 The ab&gt;r* work will be fumishei at liar
 lowest prates, for cask. Perto.ts will do well tc
 fire aun a call before purdaasuag elsewhere.
 J. R. FELT.
 Rochester, July 14, 1349. 1y29
 Cash Grorcry and Provision Store,
 No. IS9, Main street, comer of .North ftreet.
 (Olil Stand of Edward Baf dwell.)
 JUST receive!, an 1 will be kept constantly 01
 baa i, an exte isivj and complete aas rtosen* o
 GrocarieA and Provisions.
 A largi; lot of Groceries jus*. received, bought i;
 New Yotk, at tire lowest ot tiae veiy low prices o
 ill pr.-Scnt scaso 1.
 Sugars, from a g»J article at 5 cenls per Ib. t,
 the best crusheJ an j powiored.
 Clear, be ivy Porto Rico, Constant'* *nd Ne*
 Orleans Molasses, very b.v for ’be quality.
 Mackerel, Shu 1, 'odrish, Ri?-, Riisris, whoii
 and gr &gt;imJ Spices, Fruits, a id all the articles, t
 numerous to menu &gt;n, whi Ji make a full variety t
 supply every want of families nr dealers.
 Choice tiesh Green a id Luck Tc*s.
 Extra Old Java and other Coffees.
 Cash pai l for produce and provisions.
 The attention of fanners, city families an! dealer:
 is respectfully solicited. To .sc who have long fie
 nuented this well known stand are invited to con
 untie their patronage, and all in want of goxls i
 iny line, are invited to exaiuinc my asso:uuen*. an.
 prices.
 I sell for Cash only, and can therefore afford t«
 a -II low. A new lot ofgiods expectef from .\ev
 York in a few days. I intend to make arrange
 luents s »on to kveu a supply of Free Labor Ge-vents
 Customers shall be assured of as much reality a
 pretence in the quality and price of mv goods.
 G. Li. STEBBI.NS.
 R.Chester, July, 1343. o.iikd
liiiporlaiit to Farmers.
 IDE’S Patent Wheel Cultivator and Wire Grass
 Plow. The Farming Public arc hereby intbnne I
 iha T Letters Patent have been taken out by the Sub
 scrileer for his reccit great Improvements in the con
 struction an 1 manufacture of J i ei.ii Co i.tiv.itors
 an improvement so great as to entirely revolutionize
 the w hole system of farming, by reducing the expense
 one-half or more. Wherever they have been intro
 duced, they have met the decided approbation of
 farmers, as the following certificates from the intel
 ligent and practical tanners whose names are
 attached, abundantly -h &gt;w
 CERTIFICATES.
 This may certify that we, the Subscribers, have
 seen and used the Patent Wheel Cultivator, invented
 bv Nathan Ide, of Shelby, Oilcans Co., New
 \ork, and believe it to b»*, nv a l:ib.«r-«aviMg ma
 chine, one of tlie greatest iuiprovemeuls die ag*-.
 By it, a fanner can put in from ten to liltcen acres
 more of wheat ia a vear, with the same amount of
 team labor; lie ran also sow it in much U-ttcr order.
 By it also Canada thistles and other noxious weeds
 may be totally extirpated. .Sai i machine is s con
 structed th.ir it can b- rr gul.tti"] 11 g any depth, by
 means of screws on th upper uart of the nneliiue,
 and thus either plow up the grouts I iliomughly, or
 only j i;t brush the surface, f pon the whole, we
 think it decidedly the best machine ever invented for
 pulverizing the ground and fmilitating the labor of
 the Farmer, an t as s tell tv 2 cheerfully reco nmend ii
 to our brother farmers.
 James Id. tlc lley, James IJ3
 Enos Nt-wmin, John Stevens,
 John C. haelar, 1 larles lledlt y,
 Gardner Berrv, James I’. An lemon,
 Shelby, Co., April 23, 1848.
 We, the iiu iersigued, purchased one of Nathan
 Ide’s Patent Cultivators last Fall, and fxin-d il
 answ-er the purpose so well, th at we have this Soring
 made ptnc'nuse of another. Wo ran with thts Plow
 I prepare with two horse*, eight acres of land per dm
 for wheat, an 1 it is much tr-tter none tltiii by the
 1 old plows; and the lani p-pared by this Cuiavatw
 will yield 5 bush, per acre more.
 Kb! CCCRCI!.
 Riga, June, 1313. i&gt;E.V\l.B li) RCH.
 W e consider this Cultivator one of the best
 lulmr-saving i:npl ■.neats in us aril as such com
 mend it to Uie fcirmi.’ig conmi'-iiiity. —Gi ne etFirm.tr.
 After thcs-* testim mi.iL, th- S d.-s'rd, deems it
 inmeeeft ry t» rut in n a L-,ntr .tod e'ab .rate des
 cription of the implement, with its various iii-uies of
 operation. To lx- fuliy appreciated, it 1. asi Is seen
 and used. No tanner wiio I dly undersuin Is his
 interest will be without one, a# it is an invaluable
 implement.
 NATHAN IDE, Patentee.
 Shelby, Orleans Co., X. Y., July 1813.
 IDE’S Patent Cultivator is manufactured by
 LEVI WELL' I Buffalo Street, near the Ball's
 Heal, Richester, N. Y., wliere finnus are inv.ted
 to call aa 1 examine for themselves.
.\cvv anl Second-lia nil Mot bine:,
 At 48, Er h vvje Street, R •&gt;.heater.
 LLOYD SCOTT would most respectfully inf irm
 his friei is an 1 the Public z icrally, that hi; hts
 constantly o i h ini an exc Heat assortm -at of New
 and Secou 1 Hand C!/tiling, such as Coats, Panta
 loons, V arts, &amp;c., witli which tie will suppK
 Custome.s at it,e most ricis natde Price*.
 L. S. desires also to infirm tire Public, that he
 alien Is to iep.ii ing an! renovating, which Ire war
 rants to be done at the cheapest rate, and ia the
 best aid n atest possible oiaa icr. IPs lung experi
 ence it the business w trifcats liim in assuring all
 who may patronize him, that Ins wo k sliali bn done
 to th'-ir entire satisfaction.
 Rochester, Julv 1 1, 1843.
TRiNkS! TRINks:
 TMIE t?i.«t nailuv of article i* to be h.id at LAIXG
 A k BO.N.iELL'S new Establishment, .No. 59,
 State Street, R&lt;vh:*ster. AUo a general assort
 ment of Valises, Traveling Bags, Ac., wbicu are
 otfe e i at the very lowest piieos t ic Caah.
 Carriage Trimming execut'd in the latest style
 and with dirpaUh, l J. T. Long, at hi. old .rand
 in State S'reel, opposite tie Mnsion ILm-e.
 J. T. L. haviig ha 1 extensive exp.-rienef* ia the
 Eastern mat ken, lup i t&gt; give satisfaction to a
 generous public who shall favor uuu with loeir pa
 tronage.
 R jchester, July 14, 1548. Srn
 ALIH'RV and ROCHESTER
 RAIL-ROAD
 ON end after Friday, Junn 36th. (here will b* three
 Passeoger Tramsdaily each wai~
 Living Rochester at 1.15 p. 3L, *7.15 P. M.
 12 15 a.
 laiavmg Auburn at *3 A. M-, 8 A. and 6 30
 P. M.
 Westward.—After tills date, t!&lt; train iejM.. l
 Albany and Trrv m Jtauvdav evening, will retaain
 at A ahum froia Sunday &lt;n iruing tin Hon evening.
 wk-« it will proceed we*iw*rj ax Uu; usual lime ap
 pointed for the evening train.
 Eastward.— fh-in .rntn? train from Bu'Etl-i,
 leaving RcXiester .atiy. si i.* si., i a.tiercat
 uu be discoatiate-d .»t* :xu i iuv uu Uiis R,,ad.
 WH. WiLfcV.S ire intcn lent.
 Rochester, Tiles day, 11*5* Juiv, 1848.
 Centra! Office.
 GEO. W. GOI.VES having opened an F.eaUi«!i.
 men*, at the Phil *or i rm* lumt tr,
 Lombard street, «Jta»v« 8-v.ath, f.&gt;r iue purp.se ot
 procuring honest awl faith/d dormmtici i* thtew
 who may ragwre them, sud obtaining r Lce* far
 sock as are quai■ tied are! m want Uirrwof, begs leavt
 to refer to the kiwi* it,g ax ned fcmlemci, *rn. iw.t
 kioiiy perm tteJ the urn of their names as
 Mrmscii;
 An lrew M’Makin VAtt,* cf the America Cornier
 RAm M &gt;ms, L :itor of the Wyorm
 Jasper Har Ijng, PulilisVr of the xj ,i»ef
 l amries J. P«ter»nn, E Uior of G *twte
 Tiwia. B. I list*., E iite of I use kmtmt
 R herl Howed, 88, Cbuoux Street
 H» liani J. Mulbn, 278. Catheriae Street
 Philsdelptm, S-pt. I, li4B. Ir-*fB.
 m P; acl Sarfion, Phi
 L.., SAfd Ksst,
 S*w««t. ly—W
 Hi ,I—,^
 flout m tcpoaxe ra. 7
 THE om, oa*w»-
 X dm, aad NV J^Oural
 o«rt, wbar* ha wfL* U uk iuppy ta w*s«w* tow
 Ih* Fr«nd» of tafara. at r«meowa'm ckwrg**.—
 Us w«*h»» h*o liw klrbtft uni te 800-
 Ufl.ut/iudia forvaaiM, r*. Parity,
 P•■sei *s, the Prstwr, soc.. nx.y ms*; bg4W, as~
 tspr a &amp;vr/v*un sal hots*.
 Cauinu Coast spans at Hi W »*na.
 4 -•OS”? X hfLAP*
 »tt, r.
JOB PRINTING.
 THE NORTH STAR OFFICE, f for*r*h#4
 wit uv JU Tyf#, far tit* execoti 1 every
 dcffrirti-n of pTjct.rg it? And derpe.^h.
 At CM lo#*»t fer r*#l, vt*:
 H*rd-t. k, Bilfkr, Bdi-Vs-J*.
 Ptvgrmra.ves, Cirtumts, Bidj ad I&gt;*ding,
 Pamphlets, Urdi, La aels. Lc
NEW PUBLICATIONS.
 \V 1 l L READY IN A FEW DAYS,
 ,l s Amu, will; a t» wf sketch of
 ie ITmry t
 A;» «tA*.vt r’l Arfdrvr.* »rt* S&lt;V&lt;rr e* the c*u'«
 I“.f *a‘rer* *0 re-»--*»v ibe Na
 tion*. CWren*;. n m Bu' r is 43 Tfco no*
 1* #nwd. *.kl these trfr- tt «n-e will do w «ij 5o
 sen.! 1.1 twv order# «*rH
 JL»f Pt ELlSlltr*, r eunird Tn»
 Tast *n- Pe.mji Co.vt-mo? e&gt; r Tii CaLu*
 tl&gt; Rica, by //wry jY:g ’how
 Fai&gt;it#hed at Troy. Y Ori*.• auenrkc to
 April 23, 3m.
Ojsr, »3 the Pubtir, frrrm 9, A M. U&gt; P.M
 ’T'HE ANTI-SLAVERY OFFICE «*u READ-
 L ING ROOM, No. 25. Bufhiio Stre*t
 R-K) n is -i*atly tarr.isb* J, a.;J tlvc tables filled with
 *om« ol the best An*id?!*Tery, Temj er*nee, Rrl»-
 gious. Political and Literary P'opers.
N ARRATIVE OF THE LIFE OF FREDE.R.
 IvK DOl *»LASS, written by hiuoseif, to oo
 trad at this office, price 30 cent 3.
NOTICE.
 ITIE Copartners! ip heret- fere existing betweeu
 CL \RJv D 1 N COM BE, was aivtuaiiv di*»
 solve lon the Ist of April 1843.
 A. CLARK,
 C. 11. BUNCOMBE.
 Rocliester, Jane 2, 1343.
 DR. CLARK, stili continues at No. 89 Smith’s
 Arcade, Bart do Street. Dr. Ciark wooU in
 totm the citizens of Kcciiester and surrounding c&lt; un
 try, that he keeps a good ass it me nt of Thcmsonian
 and other Botanic Medicines, neatly put up with di
 rections for famdv u-e also for sale Dr Thomson*a
 New Materia Meuica. This valuable wotk shoui 1
 lie owned by eveiv pisctitionar a.. 1 family in tiie
 lan 1.
 A. CLARK.
 June 2, 1843. if,
 Ilair-I titiin? and Dreskin? at
 1J Aid’ll 1 K\\( 18'j Saloon, under the Eagle
 Ii Hotel, Buffalo-street. jtil 11—3ttT
 BOOKS, Fi.rSnlo at the Axti-Slaverv
 Okficf Reading Room. No. 25 Buffalo
 sf-, Second Story opposite tlie Arcade:
 Narrative of Frederick Doue’.iss.
 Jonathan W alkei.
 Portrait
 Spooner on 1 icon, titntiuiality of Slavery.
 U Phillips reply to do.
 Lotion &lt;&gt;t Libet tv.
 Slavery illustrated by its effect oa Woman.
 Also a rich variety ot l am and u« fid artieks
 made by the Ladies’ Ai.ti-Slavciy Society.
 N in (he Prt.tr,
 TRIBI TU I OK TIIK \TCBO.
 Bft&gt; r. A VINDICATION OF THE MOB A 1., IN r 1. 1
 imi.u and nti.toiot.s ca?.\B»i.iriFs of
 THE. COLORED PORI lON OF M.ANKLM
 l► u‘A pnri. ulur rej 1 1’ Aj:. r
 lilu-strated lay nutiiermis authentic facts, Biogrnphira
 Sketches, l'’*-.timonies uf Travel let's,
 The motive? which have actuated tlie aohor in
 preparing the ai-ove-tnenfi-.-ied work, nr.* -.1 a
 d. sire to interest and culi-jliton the pid.lie imn.l, on
 i subject intimately Connerte I widi the happiness or
 mi.- ry .I a i.it _ i. :i f faaii'v ;an l
 bv ti r 1 i'ltir.o ol tarts and t.-sii.m.m# s, which im
 assertions can a.mui, I rein-ive n p!\-in.it.-.I pi&lt;-«
 pi lice, existing in tin- minds ol maiiv, r .peeiiog the
 African race
 It is an iirqwjrtse’t qne-t'-m whether the N -grrt i.i
 constitiuioeallv, and tlieref o*- ineieedinl.lv inf’eri- r
 to tii.- white man. i i the i.f the mind. Mwrli
 of the tuture weltare oi tii human ruee di peri Is on
 the answrr which experience and fa&gt; ts will furnish
 to this ((in i-tion; lor it concerns not only the vast
 population ..I Nine;*, but u.iiiions th#* Negro
 race, who are located elsewhere, and the w hites who
 ai&lt; befouling mixed w ith ti-v black ran in countries
 w here iJla ::i y i-a.-t,, i,r whare it has existed till
 itltin i it- ".it r- trio.!. M p- r .s:,i*« inv*- vomPh
 ed tijMiti peremptory I'eej* ions'*.n Dot!i rides of ti.»
 'I d-; ot th* i taioi ia pe ir to ts #ttil wnsati
 ‘ic ia- to r:;-r, a 1 cap o ioti sr f ior *ee.—
 i .mr fi'f -::i oCtnai in ft no. o»y in n,ao&gt; respect.-,
 comparing t-ian wind-- with th* c.d.ai
 r‘•*l jMtrtmn of mankind, F too t vi*i- ct t L- di.-pnfei!;
 !&lt;ul mast be born** in mio i to t titt y are not in
 lit condition lor a fair et.iopatis: tn l.c drawn be
 tween the two. Thcti pu-.vdt*. a-V-di Mate limy
 lie easily ace. -i"t&lt;-d for b ;r- -t i-. iiaid. C
 which Negroes have I vt t, both uni' i v ,t-a,
 and al* load. It a .sin-* l o-tiece -n b- iorrs-
 an in li vidn*! ot the tncan rn-e e xl.d.iling a gt-nius
 w Inch won I l*e couaihi el criinir at oi civ dizc Euro*
 p*-an society, we have a proof tliat tlu-rc is no ii.com
 patibility l ietween Negro organizati'-ii and high m
 tell-ct-ial oowei. But it i not on*- aiou*-, but manv
 remarkable eased of this dcarrip’inrt that arc hrotfghl
 forward in tuc present vol-uae, which includes
 w r l.i nf 15 1 1-' 't il ,\ht(&gt; !trx t:f Aj/ieont ’.r licit
 rfe.it rn'lu .ti, h sj.jea Facts and Nuc -dot* Testimo
 nies of Travellers, M i-si..i-„j j*-«, the whole
 forming a complete I ribc n; e-&gt;k the Negro,”
 and exhibiting an u idoi.bted refutation of the uu
 t'luu led caluuiaifr* w hich have !&gt;e u heap d on the un
 fnrtuuate race of Africa, proving then, to If tu lowed
 with every eharatteriilic eunaiituting ttieir nic..tity
 with the great lairoly of .Man, and coo.-x qivutlv, en
 titled to ceitatn inalienable rights,” am -ig-t which
 are** Ide, his*i ty, and the |Ailliirt ni ptni any
 infringeiueiit &lt;/ii which is a dahng u-. .nation of too
 prerogative and authority of the Most Iliglt.
 1 lie work vvi.i la- re.nU ied add tionai.v oUi
 by an APfß'irkiare: imhoihh -kt I'nri,
 w i iit«*n purposely tor the occasion, tiv Be e. 11; :r
 B vkton. It will also enrir tied t v rhe a iitiou
 •if a tamutiful engraving, fr*.,n a pai ’|.|g d
 to t'.ie Loiidou Mi-.iuuaiy ,8i t\, r* g tA&lt;*
 Native* ol South Ahica giving E.iluce .sir- a
 Select Committee of the II ~f k.a,
 African-, -ire giving evidence, Dr. Pliidsp i*
 in tlie for* g,oOii.l, ari l Jan.i Ksad, sen. andj*u&gt;..
 Missionaries from Souin A!'ii&lt; a, a.e btao*!n.p, t|„.
 Loter acting u« interpreter. '1 :a; voiuui- will also i..n
 ui'i porlrar.j of
 INV f., the Chii fof A lls' 1 1 f’a; 'jus.”
 J-tN f tT/.or, Chrintia.-i Cnief ut tire An.ako«ar
 I n 1 8 .uth Africa.
 J. V\ i'e.VlNgton, a hi. ’fi cee-ea-.l Mh.—ur
 ol the tintpv.i, «4 pure Afri- aa extra* tf/n:,
 Fre-DCBIcx Dot oi.id,'U lugitjve
 OIaCDAH Eq.--t.VN*&gt;, t. ,’A 5 *MA.
 EngravC'l oii ~-eei by fir*t-rafe Artist*. A!.- n rtr-
 NtMILK of tia.- writing ot lof&gt;s a i x i l.’Ouvr K
 it Re, tl.e Buck Chief of Ilijij.
 T,*.&lt; work wil? JiCp'inte 1 i i i}.&lt; f r fi
 fUfrer, and c.Mi*;st ~f about a«/e* Mv*,,, la aittiful
 !y hiinrl It: clott*, with Uu a;&gt;pr*.prnite iit vice, r n,.
 mg *.i i Eg it volume tor the irawin|*-r *a,u, Do At-.
 Ail pp.tit,arising from i»» tal*- wifi U d* v-.fed to
 tie: Ami-.'- csum; Auitriiru-t price, to
 er* to rtou-* ob#* yt taJtvidu.t s Ar% rr* i
 i/I p**ss'**,!;,- o*j)n.« wriioiAige bv onrlir).* -ih-jr
 .ier* to IVilKrs Armiateai*, I jw- fr or to -i..
 Not r it &gt;i ak O&amp;ce.
I'Kospixrrrr.s or ti ir;
 laipricaa Vh re*anionic a! Journal.
 o* k. rowLCR, trirort.
 refuii. aivi pertect miteio. *-je.
 I t.wr «.-»t exwlwsi oi*Wti woiks. s'* I. 11l do ti* .w r
 •'ie.t i» -de; i»,» *o* *ti*'
 I'iw nokigy. Pliy*»oiußy ami 5 m,l JHaftieibm m
 bru&lt;ami xe wli ~,w# &lt;4 out Iwin",
 o* 0.1! u.i 1 rodsit.ute t.e; pmio.o.
 •emf s Most of L liversni Trsrtfi.
 PHRENOLOCif
 E»eh nwi.lrr eurarsia itfyr l e vetivii ,r&lt;f
 facatr ii ofaos&amp;c p e9»&gt; og.cat t.*.-ait&gt;. lifcir.rrsu ly
 a.i r.. graving, or an arrical on tie r eocubi mi &gt;*i»
 and «i»o tna wgaaiwtkn ami cha&lt;»ct«r ot saw s*-
 ung *.Afled coir ,wr.itd ti a lik*
 nmioLOOv.
 Hea'*.h I. Life, T! e great i;ob uoaat id*•« v w.
 toe and happu*as, ab cf ivtich ».jga«vnta. To us
 peiKivattm rastorat* a,*pw,a* a«e«a&gt;* *d?
 g.tea.
 MAoN£Tr»*f.
 4Viih cr&gt;ctia! mawartK*-*, tdassfd
 &lt;*d»«,»ee iriin k o*».*tda» *6* h* prcaoatcd in
 this Journal.
 rovro mix
 Tha bl-sstcgS rfewy «q&gt;oy. ’.l» ;jfiua-:a 'hev etc
 wild, and the:* prscaracao fcr act.oj obi -it.
 .-a, wi2 'a* t-s thataa if a aarica sf utl^aa.
 s4rAOvxx2.tr.
 Wv&gt; dot* a#t -wag owrjmatly, «»ur wc«J4 *w ttmt
 aamdaoosly, u 8m mcusmJ powers, and
 ,wc_kr srn**.: Uua.- and oerf Uppyl Ta rue*.,
 sack sm»bw- wi.. b* a 4od taax-bijL
 TERMS—..nrut:y ij adsw/m—ONE DOLL-
 Alt A Yf lK*
 Samflf m./BErs tf 8* j.wxj »i; t*
 •*".t GRa i IS, wj»aa oewitoct.
 JT’ T-eenr* le'**-as aafiordars i*_*i t«
 FOtSTFALD.mioecwWi.

