FREDERICK I&gt; &gt;IiGLASS,
 M. R DELANY, Ea»tTf rs.
VOL. I. NO. 37.
The NORTH ST Vfl L werj
 FiiJaf, at No. Hoif ilo Street,
 (Ow&gt;«it/ fJW
 TERMS.
 T»n dollar* prr sn wno, j/* No
 •aWciipOoo will lie received for a k*» term than
 «ix month*.
 AdvertineTienU not exceeding ten line* inserted
 three ti ncs one d.lhr; even •übacqurat iiuer
 t&gt;ou t twenty-lire cent*.
 The object of U»e Norib rii a a "ill be to attack
 Slavs** in all tu fornu aal aspect*; aJvocate
 Cmverial Emancipation; exalt tire »ua.lar.i
 wf Pcrlic Moralitt; pro;n&gt;te the moral aoJ in
 wMeiual improvement of the Colored Plotle;
 and ivu'iio the &lt;lay of F RELDOU to the Three
 Million* of oar CvuttEU Fellow Cocn
 rirHE*.
 PUBLISHER’S NOTICES.
 AH c no »n» rcUlinz to the hunnrs*
 *n dter&gt; of the p»pe., na n a of suWriher*, remit
 tanc-s, *!k.ul! bo a.l ircesed u&gt; John Dick,
 Tab'isher.
 Arc it*, ani all others name*, are
 erjuea’jc.l to Ijc accurate, aal gi'e the P &gt;*t Ojji t,
 l,« Crafty, an 1 the Sitii. Each Subscriber is tui
 me.liaielv eremite i t &gt;r m &gt;ney received.
 iv p-r* m*e wing in toe |tayinent f&gt;r Our
 •jhiciiboii, t&gt; I*? Unvaried to one aJJies*, may
 have a fifth co.v f &gt;r one year.
 Ail Utter* and coui auajeatiaas must be post
 paid.
 LIST OF AGENTS.
 M ass ACitus t rs.—ft. F. Wal-utt, 21, Corulull,
 BiStoi; Vat n i J..li is .n, New Beifird; 11. ratio W
 F.str, L .well; J N. BuTum, Lynn; Gcor-je
 Evans, W ,reester lt-»ur..e Spooler, IMy month;
 Curies 11. S *t‘i, S,iri 'j'iel I David Burgles,
 N .rtliaoipton; 11. Carpenter, I pt &gt;n.
 M m&gt; y. J.'iver H.Mieit, PoitUil.
 Ver hont. R .wla 1 1 T. Robinson, North Fer
 risbnr?.
 Cos s tc ricc'T. —Jo latlrm Leonard, New Haven
 Nv.iv iI v vies at ft f„—Wi' ire Tappan, Bra ifor
 \r. w York.—Sv iney 11. Gav, 112, Nassau
 Str ret; Ja n \1 :Cti m S nith, 9J, est Uroa I wav;
 J isepn Post, iV 'stbuy, &lt;l‘i"Cit County; Mary 11.0-per,
 per, Albiuv; Eli is D &gt;tv, Mace I n; illrtts Kmmo,
 Peru, Clinton County; William S. Haiti n «ro, Troy;
 J. F. Plitf, IV.in Van; J. Je irev, Geneva; E. L.
 Platt, Bath.
 Khouk Island. —Amnranry Paine, Providence.
 Pennsylvania.—J. M. M’ivi n, 31, North Fifth
 Street, Plnla lelphia; G. \V. Goi .es, 8, Evliaig...
 Pla c, l)i to; B. B*iwm,Pittsburgh; &gt;Vin. Whipper,
 C &gt;lu übi.i; Isaac R.b.rts, Jacob L. Pax m, Norris
 town, Montgomery County, Milo A. Townsenl,
 New tln' itoi.
 lit in-tin I) mi! son, Cincinnati; Wat
 sn.ii I ii. I'M, Jitli; Va'.enli te Wir.ls.i, llar
 vevs .nr'u, arreu Co.; Samuel Brooke, Salem.
 ill. in i w.bcrt Banks, Detroit.
 I.ni) i .el P. Davir, Ec mo iiy, Wavne Co.
Selections.
 Mlt. VAN SUREN’S LETTER OF
 ACCEPTANCE*
 Lindlmvai.d, Aug. '2.1, 1848.
 Gentlemen; I Iravc had the honor
 to receive your letter, giving me official
 information of the proceedings of the
 l)utrain Conveuti &gt;n. The composition,
 character, and proceedings ofthut body,
 as described by you. and the conces
 sions o! feeling. and, to some extent, of
 opinions, also, on the part ol its mem
 bers, which enabled them to unite their
 exertions upon a common, and, to the
 country, a vitally important question,
 show it to have been governed by a
 pure and loftv patriotism, and demand
 from me a grateful acknowledgment for
 the e.vprersion of confidence you have
 communicated.
 My position, in regard to the Presi
 dential election, is a p culiar one: and
 it is due to me, that the knowledge of
 it should be co-extensivc with that of
 every material step I take in the can
 vass. In 1441 1 announced tny deter
 mination to continue in retirement for
 the rest of my life; and tny earnest de
 sire to da so has been undimiriished and
 invariable, from that in mieut to the
 present. I declined, respectfully but
 explicitly, numerous offers from my
 friends in other States, to prom Re my
 nomination at the late Baltimore Con
 vention; and in the same spirit, refused
 permission to the New Vork delega
 tion to present my name to tli it body,
 under any circumstances whatever.
 The refusal would have been equally
 (decisive, if it had been certain that they
 nud it in their power to carry their
 friendly wishes into effect. Tile New
 Vork delegati »n to the Utica Conven
 tion requested my opini ms, in regard to
 the obligations imposed upon them by
 the Ballon &gt;re nouiina’ions, and the
 constitutionality and expediency of a
 prohibition, by Congress, of the intro
 duction oj slavery into territories now
 free Irorri it. I hey also asked my con- 1
 sent to the use of my name, by the
 Convention, as its candidate for the
 Presidency. I cheertuilv gave them
 the opinions they desired,’ but declined
 the last request absolutely. That they!
 sincerely desired to respect my wishes
 in this regard, I hove never doubted.
 But the Conventi m were of opinion,
 that the use of my name was necessa
 ry, as well to ena de the I)cm icracv of
 New Vork to carry forward, with a
 reasonable prospect of ultimate suc
 cess, the great principle for which thev
 contended, as to sustain themselves in
 the extra uduiary posiliou to which they
 have been driven by the injustice of
 •’hers; and tSkat the relations which
 hod existed s i long between us, gave
 1 e a r s» to use it, not only
 wit i &gt;ut n y c mseut, hut against my
 no n wishes. Entertaining these
 views, they decided to nominate me,
 an niUed to giv*? me the usual notice
 of their proceedings.
 d,dn )t feelmv
 “j v f« e h
 r»pMted &lt;h |mbl C
 J^:r^rr^y e ;T\“*
 brought before lb, e
 this position, I shall ie myself honored
 by the support of an a en
 lightened and pitriotic, and so devoted
 to the maintenance of the great princi
 pie we contend for, as that in whose
 behalf you* have addressed me.
 1 have examined and considered the
 platform adopted by the Buffal Con-
 veotioo, as defining the political creed
 of the “Free Democracy," with toe at-1,
 tefcuo* due to the £ra*« eusoocts under i
THE NORTH STAR.
i which it i» predated. Ii breathes the
 spirit, and presents a political
 chart which, with the explanations I am
 ab ut to make, I can, in good faith
 adopt and sustain.
 1 In regard to the chief topics of the
 resolutions, it is not to be doubted, that
 the present unprecedented movement
 of the public mind infthe non-slavehold
 ing stales, upon the subject of slavery,
 is caused mainly by an earnest desire to
 uphold and enforce the policy in regard
 to it, established by the founders of the
 Republic. That policy, in addition to
 the prospective prohibition of the for
 eign slave trade was—
 -Ist. Adequate, efficient, and
 secUritv against the extension of
 into territories where it did not practi
 r cally exist.
 2nd. That in the language of your
 own condensed and excellent resolution,
 Slavery, in the several States of the
 Union which recognize its existence,
 should depend upon State laws, which
 cannot be repealed or inoditied by tne
 Federal Goverment; and—
 3d. A spirit of considerate forbear
 ance towards the institution, in locali
 ties where it was placed under the con
 trol of Congress.
 By a wise observance of this policy,
 we have, until recently, been able to
 neutral ze the inju 1 i s lendencies of an
 element of discord, more dfficult to deal
 with than any to which our institutions
 are exposed. But unhappily for the
 present hannony, and posihly for the
 i future welfare, of our beloved country,
 a pretenison has been recently set up
 by our bret in n of the slaveliolding
 states, in regard t the first branch ot
 this policy, so inadmissible upon prin
 i ciple, and so revolting to our feelings,
 as to produce a rush of public senti
 ment towards the point of resistance,
 which, with a population so considerate
 and so staid as ours, is never seen,
 ’except when a conviction exists
 t rnt the honor and safety of the country
 are ut stake, and then, always. Attain
 *»f events, all tending to the same gen
 eiul end which have, lor a few years
 i past, followed each other in rapid suc
 cessi *n, has raised this feeling to an
 elevation hitherto unknown, and pro
 duced resolves which it is not in the
 power of individuals to induce the peo
 ple to recede from. The constitution
 j ulity, the justice, the humanity and the
 i expediency of. Hie ground they have
 taken, ore all so clear as to preclude
 the possibility of a continued diversity
 of opinion or action iu the nou-slave
 result
 from this conflict of opinion between;
 us and those who are, unhappily, our
 opponents —if their pretensions arc per-
 sisted in—are known only to thatomni-
 j scient and kind Providence which has
 j hitherto protected our country and its
 institutions from the dangers which have!
 threatened them.
 The claim set up by our Southern
 brethren, is p departure from the plat-
 I form raised by our common ancestors,
 at a period when the chain of our Un
 ion was the brightest, and the fraternal
 feeling between the States that com
 posed it, the strongest. It comes upon'
 the back of a series of events well eal
 culated to awaken, ait the North, that
 deep, and, as it respects ourselves,
 overwhelming sensation in the public;
 mind, to which I have referred. A
 brief review of them, at a moment so
 critical, cannot fail to he useful,
 i Tne further condition of the respect
 ive States, in roga'd to the probable
 continuance or abolition of slavery,
 were correctly foreseen at the forma
 tion of the government. Those of the'
 old thirteen which are now exempt from
 it, acted under a confident anticipation
 that they would soon become so; whilst
 those of the number where slavery still
 exists, would not look forward to an
 equally favorable result in regard to
 th emselves. It was, theref &gt;re, u r ell
 understood at the adoption of the Con
 stitnti »n, that although a large and
 hig ily respectable portion of the mem
 bers ol the confederacy would probably
 lor a long, certainly f ir an indefinite
 period, remain slaveholding States, a
 majority of the States would be non
 slaveholding: and that a constitutional
 preponderance in t ie federal govern
 m mt would be thus secured to the'
 latter.
 To make assurance of this result
 doubly sure, the sluveh tiding States
 themselves were prominently active in
 a measure—the ordinance of 1737—hv
 which six new' states were first designed
 to bp, a id five actually were, arraved
 on the same side. These, added to’the
 seven in which slavery had been, or
 was expected to be abolished, would
 make the division in this regard, twelve j
 to six. I ue evidence we possess of
 the circumstances and dispositions of
 the times, warrants us in assuming that
 no on*», at that day, anticipated that
 this difference in the respective condi
 tions of the States,in regard to slavery, j
 would ever be overcome or neutralized,
 by accessions to the confederacy of new
 slaveholding States. Yet, in the brief
 period which has elapsed—we may well;
 sav brief, when viewed iu connection
 with such great results—wre have wit-;
 neased the additi &gt;n of nine slaveholding
 and only three non-sl vaeholding states
 to the confederacy, beyond those which
 were provided for before the adoption of
 the C institution, making them to stand
 fifteen to fifteen. The preponderance
 originally secured to the mn-slavehold
 ing States, and with a knowledge of
 which they assisted in investing the
 institution io the States, with the privi
 leges and guarantee# of the Constitu*
 tion, has thus been annihilated. Theee
 facts cannot be controverted or con
 cealed, end when once fully understood
 end appreciated by the people of the
 noo-elaveholding States,they oust have
 a controlling iadeeaoe over their fbw
right is of no sex—truth is of no color— god is the father of us all, and all we are brethren
j tore course. Toe emotions they hav
 already excited, ought not to surptis
 intelligent and ingenuous mind* of au
 quarter.
 But this is not the only, nor even thi
 most repulsive view which we ar
 compelled to take of the preseot pre
 tensions of our brethren of the slave
 1 holding States. Slavery is now pre
 I sented in a livery it never wore before
 j On every previous occasion when then
 ha# been a conflict of opinion in regari
 to it, the question has only been, hov
 j far the policy of 17d7 should he car
 ried out by prohibiting or restricting Ur
 I extension of slavery into territory
 which was, at the time, subject to it:
 introduction. Most of the territory o
 1 the United States which was thus situ
 ated, save the State or.lowa,which wa:
 excepted by the Missouri compromise
 has been converted into slave States
 and admitted into the Union as such.—
 Now, for the flrst time, the attempt i&lt;
 made to permit the introduction of sla
 I very into territories which are now fret
 from it—territories from winch it was
 expelled, within the last fifteen or twenty
 years, by the express and solemn ac
 of their former government and peoplt
 —a government and people with whom
 in respect to the attributes of freedom
 ours could not brook a comparison.
 Nor is this its only or its worst fea
 tore. In annexing to our Union Texas
 an expensive slave State, covering ar
 area cupahle of being lormed into rnan\
 more such States, de became involvec
 in a war with Mexico, which clairncc
 dominion over that State. The terri
 tories in regard to which the queslior
 I is now made, are among the conquests
 j of this war. It is, therefore, in effect
 whatever may have been the origina
 objects of this war, an appeal to the in
 habitants of the non-slaveholding stater
 to sanction the extension, through oui
 instrumentality, of slavery into territo
 ries, which the United States have, ir
 fa&lt;-t, acquired by the sword, hut whicl
 others had relieved from that great evil
 Such a proposition need only to be
 stated, to ensure its prompt rejection by
 the non-slavebolding States.
 Upon what grounds is it attempted tc
 i sustain a principle so repugnant to oui
 feelings, so destructive in our views tc
 our national character, and so tgeil
 calculated, if successful, to cloud the
 glory of this great republic? That there
 should be diversities of opinion.. And
 feeling upon the subject of sleyejSfjgSfe
 tveen us and our Southern brethrei^is
 Thu Ht*4i4!glh of
 to the institution, has
 very truly stated on the floor of the 3E£P
 ate, by a very distinguished Southern
 statesman. The people of the North
 could no* overcome this aversion,if they
 would; and they cannot desire to do so,
 because they religiously, believe that
 the highest earthly interest*? of man arc
 based on its permanency and ultimate
 universality. At the South the feeling
 is very different, because the culture of
 their minds and dispositions and the
 force of habit, have had an opposite
 tendency. This known, and for a sea
 son, at least, incurable diversity of
 opinion and feeling, should beget a
 spirit of conciliati »n, and inculcate mu
 tual forbearance in speech and action.
 This duty has doubtless been occasion
 ally lost sight of on both sides; but it
 cannot be denied that the departure
 from it has been the greatest on the
 part of our Southern brethren.
 No one will venture to insist that it
 is, at this day, either expedient or right
 to originate slavery in territories that
 are free from it, if it can be properly
 prevented. But it is insisted that this
 cannot be done in the case under con
 sideration, and under the form pro
 posed. First, because the Constitution
 does not give Congress the power to
 prohibit slavery in the territories; and
 that, consequently, the great number of
 acts for that purpose which have been
 passed for the last sixty years, with
 general assent, were but so many in
 fractions of the Constitution.
 All will remember the solemnity and
 rapidity with which State after State, at
 the South, in succession, announced
 this doctrine, and the acrimonious ve
 hemence with which their conventions
 denounced political proscription, in the
 form of political exclusion from the
 offices of President and Vice-President,
 of all who refused to adopt it. But it is
 already apparent that differences of
 opini n upon this important subject can
 not be settled by vehement assump
 tions, nor conciliation in regard to it,
 prompted by denunciation. In our coun
 try such difficulties must be solved by
 appeals to the tests provided by the
 Constitution. For the rectitude of our
 motives, and the correctness of our
 conduct, we are responsible, on earth,
 to the opinion of the civilized world,and
 hereafter to a power that is greater than
 all.
 The question of the constitutionality,
 the gravest of all objections that can
 be made against a public measure, has
 just passed through the ordeal of publio
 discussion, and the doctrine in question
 has been so thoroughly rejected and
 condemned by the voice of the nation,
 that it is no longer necessary to spend
 words in refuting it.
 Two circumstances have, however,
 occurred, which, though not necessary
 to its overthrow, give to that overthrow
 a sanction that entitle them to notice.
 It now appears that, twenty-eight years
 since, at the time of the Missouri com
 promise, Mr. Monroe, then President, t
 a slaveholder, and elected from a slave
 holdiog State, submitted this very ques
 tion, save oaly that it was then applied
 to slave territory, to a cabinet com
 posed, cm eng other great men, of such
 giant intslloef from the rfaveboldtng
 Staten, an Crabbed, Calhoun an
 Wirt, the letter the lewafteer of the
ROCHESTER, N. Y., FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 8, 1848.
ly of opinion that Centres? did posse*:
 the power in question; ai.d that th&lt;
 then president, a man who was ou tb&lt;
 scene ot action when the Constitutioi
 was formed, concurring in that cpinioi
 approved the bill. The document!
 which attest these interesting circum
 stances, are before the countrv, an&lt;
 ever y one will judge for himself of theii
 claims to credence, considered in con
 nection with what has been said upot
 the subject by the survivor of the Cabi
 net relerred to.
 To bring the matter nearer to oui
 own times, within a few days, upon th&lt;
 very heel of the recent discussions upor
 this point, a bill containing this restric
 tion—the very has, in part
 produced this discussion—has passec
 both branches of the national legisla
 ture, and received the constituliona
 approval of the present executive—ar
 approval which it was his sworn duty tc
 withhold, it he had not been satisfied
 that all the provisions of the bill wen
 in conformity to the constitution. Tin
 present President, also a slaveholder
 elected from a slaveholding stute, witt
 a large portion of his cabinet in the
 same situation, ha 9 given the highest
 sanction to the doctrine wc contend foi
 that is known to our institutions; ant
 although he felt himself called upon tc
 make an extra message, setting forth
 his reasons lor believing that the re
 strictions ought not to he applied to oui
 Mexican ten itories, he dues not take
 the slightest notice of the constitution
 al objection on which so many southern
 states have based their opposition totht
 general measure. Tins branch of the
 subject has been thus, and we hope for
 ever disposed of.
 It is further contended that slaves are
 so far to be regarded as property as to
 authorize their owners to carry them
 into any of the territories, and to hold
 them t ere, notwithstanding any act
 which Congress may pass upon the
 subject. It Congress have the consti
 tutional power to prohibit slavery in the
 territories, its laws place the subject on
 the same footing there, as the state
 laws do in the states. As well, there
 fore, might the slaveholder contend that
 he can bring his slaves into a state
 which prohibits slavery, as that he can
 bring them into territories where slavery
 is prohibited Congress. f If his
 slave runs away, and enters one of the
 non-slaveholding states, he does not
 therebjgfrcrgne de
 livered claim oFroo persmi
 tue of an ofthe constitu
 tion, which constitutes one of its com
 promises upon the subject of slavery.
 1 his view of the matter was placed in a
 clear light in the recent debates, by
 one of the oldest and ino^t. distinguish
 ed members ofthe Senate, when he in
 sisted that the claim, on the part of the
 slaveholders, though nominally to re
 move their property, was, in reality, to
 transport their laws into the territories.
 One has, therefore, only to imagine a
 territory governed by the various and
 conflicting laws of thirty independent
 states, to appreciate the absurdity of
 the pretension.
 But it is insisted that the prohibition
 carries with it a reproach to the slave
 holding states, and that submission to
 it would degrade them. This is obvi
 ously the principle, if not the material,]
 ground of opposition to the measure that
 is persisted in; and most assuredly, if
 it were well founded, we would have no
 just ground to take exception to the
 earnestness with which it is sustained.
 Let the objection, therefore, be fairly
 and dispassionately considered. Very
 erroneous opinions of the dispositions
 of the northern people are entertained
 by those, who think them capable of de
 siring the degradati &gt;n of any of the
 states of the confederacy, whether they
 be slaveholding or otherwise. They
 entertain too enlightened a sense ofj
 their own interests; they have too just
 a conception of the true glory of the
 confederacy, and ofthe extent to which
 the humiliation of a part would tarnish
 the lustre of the wh *le; and they are,
 above all, too national in their feelings,
 not to cherish a deep solicitude for the;
 honor and welfare of all its in mbera.—;
 If they could, therefore, believe that
 the'success of this measure would draw
 after it such grave consequences, they
 would be am &gt;ng the last to uphold it.—
 If it can have such a tendency, it will
 certainly not be owing to any want ofi
 generality in its application.
 The restriction will, of course, be
 obligatory on all who settle in the terri
 tories, from whatever State or country
 they may have emigrated. They will
 all, in this respect, stand upon an equal
 footing. If any inhabitant of any of the j
 non-slaveholding states, who removes
 to the territories has his capital invest-'
 ed in business transactions which are
 not permitted hr the laws of the territo
 ry, he must change the investment. —If
 a slavehoider desires to rem »ve there,
 he must dispose of his slaves, and em- 1
 ploy free labor as bis countrymen and
 neighbors did, when they retnovad to
 different portions of the north-western
 territory, and in doing so made them
 selves prosperous, contented and happy.
 Let us for a moment look at the char
 acter of this measure, and compare it
 with others that have gone before it.—j
 It is a re-enactment of the ordinance of
 1787, which prohibited the introduction
 of slavory into territories which had
 been ceded by several of the State# to
 the United States. The difference be
 tween the effects of the two measures,
 consists only in the (act, that the terri
 tory to which ths ordinance of V was
 tpplied, was, previous to its cession,
 subject to ths introduction of slavery;
 whilst ths territories to which it is now
 sought to hs apt’isd, had, tz the tfj;t
j of the cession to us, been already ex
 empted from tt by law. Who first pro
 claimed the principle which triumphe
 i in the euactment of the ordinance c
 ij 1737? Thomas Jefferson. Who pro
 i moled and secured its passage throug
 the Continental Congress? All th
 1! distinguished and patriotic m*n wb
 that year represented the slaveholdin;
 i States in that body, without a solitur
 i exception. Who gave to the measun
 &gt;1 his official sanction, by approving a bil
 to carry it into effect, under the nev
 government? George Washington.—
 Within the last sixty fyeara, ant
 d »wn to 1333, the same enactment ha
 been again and again repeated, with thi
 general concurrence of the Southeri
 I; member?, and often through their par
 ticular instrumentality. A full fifth o
 the States of the Union has been organ
 I ized as territories under its restrictions
 j In respect to Ohio, the oldest of them
 conformity to this principle in the ordi
 nance of ’B7, was required, even in tbt
 State constitution and government, ant
 the bill giving the ordinance this appli
 cation, was reported by a committee o
 which William B. Giles, of Virginia
 was chairman, and John Rutledge, o
 South Carolina, a member. It was
 passed in the Senate by a vote of six
 teen to five, and among the aves w ill he
 found the respected names of Baldwin
 and Jackson, of Georgia, Breckenridgc
 and Brown of Kentucky, Franklin ane
 j Stone of North Carolina, Stevens,
 Thompson, Mason, and Wilson Caiy
 I Nicholas of Virginia, Sumpter of South
 j Carolina, and Wright of Maryland.—
 The States which have grown up undti
 and in conformity to that ordinance
 I have, in a very great degree, been set
 tled by emigrants from the slavehoiding
 States. Thousands of these hardy and
 enterprising pioneers, many of them
 among the most respectable of their fel
 low citizens, for a series of years in
 i succession, left their friends and neigh
 bors in tltc slaveholding States for what
 was then the far west, accompanied by
 j their prayers and benedictions; it never
 entering into the imagination of either
 that in doing so they submitted to any
 personal or sectional reproach or de
 gradation. Prosperous and happy in
 their new abode, they and their associ
 ates, and the great enterprise they ac
 complished, have been honored and ad
 mired by ail who have witnes ed their
 success. One of those very settlers,
 after assuming and for many years dis
 charging the responsibility of enforcing
 the ordinance of 1787, and after enjoy
 ing a large share of his country’s con*
 fTdonce and respect In other form. 4, Whs
 finally elevated to the Presidency, and
 died in that exalted station. Another
 highly distinguished inhabitant of one of
 the territories, subject to the same re
 striction, after having also, for a long
 series of years, borne the responsibility
 ot seeing to the execution of this now
 derided ordinance, as Governor of the
 territory, is, at present, the favored
 candidate for the same high office, of
 portions of the citizens of the slavehold
 ing as well as of the other States.
 In the face of facts like these, is it
 possible that the application of this re
 striction to New Mexico and California
 can operate to tho disparagement of our
 brethren of the slaveholding States?—
 No impartial mind can, I think, regard
 it in this light; and if there be any oth
 er objections insisted on that are worthy
 of notice, I am not apprised of them.—
 None that are tenable, can, in my judg
 ment, be offered. The measure is right
 in itself; and what is right may be
 done with ultimate safety. The pres
 ent generation stand in the same rela
 tion towards these very extensive terri
 tories, in which the sages of 1737 stood
 towards the north-western territory. If
 we act as wisely as they did, results
 not less glorious than those .which re
 flect such undying honor on the policy
 of that day. will follow the labors and
 perpetuate the memories of th.&gt;se by
 whom it is now upheld.
 The sixth resolution embraces the
 subject of slavery in the District of Co
 lumbia; and I observe in it a generali
 ty’ expression, in respect to the time
 when, and the circumstances under
 which, it was the opinion of the Con
 vention that it should be abolished
 which has not been usual on the part of
 the friends of immediate action. Most
 reflecting and philanthropic minds live
 in the hope, that they will one day see
 slavery abolished, not only in that Dis
 trict, but io the States also, in the latter
 through the agency of the State govern
 ments, to whom the constitution wisely
 leaves exclusive power in the matter,
 and in the former by Congress. I may
 be mistaken, but I think I see in the
 guarded language of the resolution,
 evidence of an apprehension, on the
 part of the Convention, that adiflerence
 in opinion, to some extent at least, ex
 isted among its members, upon the point
 referred to, and of an enlightened and
 truly patriotic resolve, not to suffer that
 circumstance, if it existed, to weaken
 the moral power of their unanimity on
 the great question which had brought
 them together.
 My opinion, in favor of the power of
 Congress to abolish slavery io the Dis
 trict of Columbia, has been repeatedly
 avowed, as well when a cand.date, as
 while president; and every day’s re- j
 flectiou has hut served to confirm my j
 conviction of its correctness. lat the
 same time, expreesde myself strongly j
 against the expediency of exercising
 it; and in a recent letter to the New j
 York delegation at Utica, 1 referred to
 my continued opposition to that mea
 sure. The subject was only incidentally
 introduced, and there arts, consequent
 ly, but little cere taken, in regard to
 the terms in which the suggestion was
 made.
 The form of expression which em
 ployed has. it sppsrs, led many hop
 m sad sent* uksq that!
the remark related, exclusively
 .to the past, and was n»'t yiten
 i ded to convey my present views on th&lt;
 i matter. This construction, though, per
 haps, not unwarranted by the words cm
 ployed, is, in fact, erroneous: and it i
 due to truth, to fair-dealing, and to al
 who take an interest in the matter, tha
 the subject should now be placed in it
 true light.
 It is not to be denied that many o
 the reasons which in 1837 and before
 operated to produce the convictions
 then expressed, no longer exist am
 if, when writing to the New York dele
 gation at Utica, I could have antici
 pated what has since occurred, I shouit
 have felt it my duty to discriminate
 between the reasons which had passet
 away, and those wtiicb yet remain
 But when my letter to them was written
 nothing could have been further from
 my expectations, than that I should
 ever again be a candidate for the presi
 dency and, of course, it was not mv
 intention to say what my conduct would
 he on this or any other matter, if again
 an incumbent of that place.
 I have spoken, in a former part ol
 this letter, of the three leading leatures
 of the policy, in regard to slavery,
 adopted by the Fathers of the Republic,
 History, if true, must record the fact,
 that the north has hitherto faithful!v
 sustained her part, in the maintenance
 of this policy, and in none more so thai
 in that which inculcates forbearance or
 the point now referred to. 1 wish t&lt;
 see the forbearance which has so loop
 characterized her conduct in this mat
 ter, sti 1 fartln r cot tinned. Approving
 of the Platform which the conventioi
 has adopted, and conscious, from mv
 impressions of right and duty in regan
 to it, that I shall be among the last t*
 abandon it, I prefer not to connect oui
 efforts to sustain it, with an issue which,
 all must admit to be, in some degree at
 least, affected by different considera
 tions.
 In my judgment, all that is necessary
 to insure success, is dispassionate, but
 steady and firm action. Let the great
 principle we are now contending for,
 be once more rc-estabiished in the
 councils of the nation, and the institu
 tion of slavery in the District of Co
 lumbia will fall of itself. Other and
 more important interests will intervene,
 and induce the inhabitants themselves
 to labor for its removal.
 I must not, hlbwever, be understood,
 either by what I now say, or by what
 was said in my tetter to the New York
 as repeating the
 declaration thafT Would, if elected,
 withhold my approval from a bill foi
 the abolition of slavery in the District.
 I could not now give any such assur
 ance, for the reason, that the circum
 stances by which the question is now
 surrounded, are widely and materially
 different from what they were when the
 declaration was made and because,
 upon a question of expediency circum
 stances must control. At that time,
 the apprehension was honestly enter
 tained, that there was danger of a servile
 war, in consequence of the extent to
 which the agitation of this question had
 been pressed.
 Participating in the apprehension and
 believing that such a declaration, in
 advance of any action of Congress
 upon the subject, would have a saluta-;
 ry influence in allaying excitement, and
 warding off* the danger which menaced
 the peace of the slave-holding states,
 I did not hesitate to make it. Whilst,
 on the one hand, all grounds for this
 apprehension have passed away, we
 are, on the other, threatened with a
 subversion of the spirit and character
 of our government, through the suc
 cessful encroachments of the slave
 power. If, under such circumstances,
 two branches of the national legislature
 should decide that a due regard for the
 public interest requires the passage of
 such a law, I should not, if President,!
 think it within the line of my duty to
 arrest its passage by the exercise of
 the veto power.
 Among the difficult subjects that oc
 cupied the attention of my illustrious!
 predecessor, whilst I was a member of
 his cabinet, and of myself whilst Presi
 dent, that of river and harbor improve- 1
 ments by the aid of the federal
 government, occupied a prominent
 position.
 Whilst the conviction was very gen
 eral with our slaves and others, that a
 large class of them was deserving of
 aid from that quarter, and that it could
 be extended to them without exceeding
 the prescribed powers of the g &gt;verri
 ment, all were strongly impressed with
 a deep sense of the liabilities to abuse,
 to which the legislation of Congress*
 upon the subject was unavoidably ex
 posed. The matter was one of frequent
 and earnest conference between Presi
 dent Jackson and myself, during the f
 first two years of h«« first, and the whole
 of his last term. The result was a con
 viction that no better course could be
 adapted than to approve such bills as we
 were satisfied came within the class re
 ferred to, and do all that could Le right
 fully done by the Executive, to prevent
 abuses by appropriation* for object* that
 were not entitled to the aid of the Fed
 eral Government. The appropriation*
 for river and harbor improvements con
 tained in acts of Congress approved
 during o«r respective administrations,
 will show tbs results of that coo vioitoo;
 and I know of nothing that would pre
 vent ms from pursuing the earn* oourse
 if I should agnin occupy the office of
 President.
 The subject is one of vs* import
 ance, and well deeerviog the attention
 bestowed upon it by tbe Chicago Coo-
 notion of last year. I have not be*
 fcwTm. the letter sddre«ed by my i
 ameoted friend. Governor Wright, i
 that body, nut l tu strong*/ 4=4.
JOHN' DICX, Pr*usa*a.
WHOLE NO—37.
I
 uvor«i.; sed by the view* he
 expressed upon the general subject
 Toe view, which I have for m. nf
 years entertained in regard to the best
 disposition by Congress, of the public
 lands, have been receutly set forth in
 my published letter to the “Industrial
 Congress.” They were—
 First, That Congress ought to act
 upon the principle, that the U. States
 have a greater interest in the early
 settlement and substantial improve
 ment of the public lands, than in the
 amount of revenue which may be de
 rived from them.
 Secondly, That the accumulation of
 large tracts in few hands, should be
 discountenanced, and
 Thirdly. That liberal facilities ought
 to be afforded, for th»“* acquisition of small
 i portions, by such of our citizens, wher
 ever residing, as in good faith desire
 to possess them as homes for them
 selves and their families. These opin
 ions were announced as far back as
 whilst a candidate for the Presi
 dency. I set forth, also, in my letter
 to the Industiia! Congress, the recom
 mendations I had w hilst President made
 toC ongrcss.cnd the acts I had approved
 to promote the policy I had avowed.
 The general principles I have sustained
 upon the subject of the disposition of the
 public lands, arc in harmony with the
 resolution of the convention, w ith this
 difference: that whilst the convention
 propose free giants of limited quantities
 for actual settlement, the farthest that
 1 had gone, w as to recommend grants of
 portions ofthem, at prices little, if any
 thing, more than sufficient to defray tho
 expences of survey and location. The
 policy to which 1 have so long adhered,
 and for the success of w hich 1 have been
 sincerely solicitous, makes tho eail\
 and, U 3 far as practicable, substantial
 settlement of the public lands, the prin
 cipal, and the revenue derived from tho
 sales ofthem, a secondary, and compar
 atively unimportant object.
 1 regard the question of revenue, as
 only important, because it affords a
 prospect of securing regularity, and a
 gr eater degree of stability in the settle
 meets. it a plan can he devised by
 which these objects would, in ull rea
 sonable probability, Lc us w ell effected,
 as they can be by the exaction of a pe
 cuniary' consideration from the settlers,
 the relinquishment of that consideration
 would, with me, bo no objection to the
 measure. From a report of the Com
 mittee on public lands, which has lately
 been forwarded to rnc, it appears that
 the sales of the public lands have been
 pledged to thy public creditor* for one
 of the loans of the last year. If this is
 so, Congress will, w ithout doubt if any
 plan for the free gift of any portion of
 the public lands to actual .'■ettlers, should
 hereafter find favor in their eyes, sec
 that the objection arising from this
 cause, be, in some proper way obvi
 ated. Come what may, the good faith
 of the nation must always be scrupu
 lously maintained.
 My opinion in regard to protective
 duties and the best sources of revenue,
 were very fully given in my litter to the
 Indiana Convention in winch was
 extensively published; and they are
 the same now. I, on that ocasion, gave
 my reasons for regarding the system of
 taxation in force in the states, viz a
 direct tax upon assessed property, as
 more equal and equitable than a system
 of duties on imports. I gave also ny
 reasons for believing that duties on im
 ports would for a long time continue to
 be used, as the mode by which the fed
 eral government would collect its reve
 nues, in preference to a resort to a di
 rect luxate n. Although the latter poli
 cy is, I believe, steadily gaining in tho
 public mind, its advance has not yet
 been sufficient to authorize us to expect
 its early adoption.
 In the mean time the government
 must have revenue foi its support, and
 the very heavy debt which it ha**
 recently incurred ought to be payed as
 soon as practicable. I, r nd"r these cir
 cumstances I acquiesce in the resolve of
 the convention, that the means for these
 purposes should be raised by a revenue
 tar iff. I have deemed it duo to the con
 vention, and to the occasion, to depart
 thus much from the rule which 1 pre
 scribed to myself in my letter to the
 dustrml Congress, in regard «o linker
 exposition of my opinion upon public
 questions. 11 a ving done so, I shall,
 for the rest, of the canvass, adhere to
 that rule, and leave the whole matter ir#
 the hands of the people, with whose dis
 position of it all should be, and I certain
 ly will be, satisfied.
 I arn, Gentlemen, very respectfully
 your friend,
 M. VAN BI RKN
 Bcxjamix F. Butleh,
 Jostrti L. White, and Salmon P
 Chase, Committee of the Buffalo Con
 vention.
 A Jottv Ltrr lnsects generally
 must Scad a ii«*iy jovial life. Ti.iuk
 what u must be to lodge in a lily f Ima
 gine a palace of ivory or pearl, with
 pillars of stiver and capitals of gold all
 exhaling aueh a perfume as never
 arose from human c*-nser? Fancy,
 again, the fun of tucking yourself up
 for the night in the fold* of a rose,
 rocked to sleep by the gentle sighs of
 summer air, and nothing to do when
 you a* oka. bul 1 va *h y ounself sa a
 dew drop, and fail to aoo cut your batf
 cloths-'
 T»c F*«*cm Nsiiovat Assembli*.
 —Set, saef From ten to twenty Mem*
 bera dash at the tribune at one moment;
 they climb the Metre, they cling to the
 balustrade, they appear to cling to each
 ttber Ilka a u»g siring of they
 as# to have studied th»* mme* of th«*
 nonkey-cage »n the Garceu of Plans
 vs worth*** of umiauc; *.h*y
 it icte Eml.-j.
