}3 o c If h
Fiwu the Tiibuiw.
 the north star.
 RV C.LO«ar. ABBOTT.
 L the Northern Star it teaming
 With a n and glsnotu light,
 And it,. ebtwug mcUnoe *irc*n.i«g
 Through the ck« of misty night!
 Free-neal in ncT g.*at Endeavor,
 Tin a stgowl hang oa high.
 And will guide u* on forever,
 Like a banner it the shy.
 Growing brighter in all a?»*%
 Cheering Fi«v iom on iu way,
 Sh" Wing o’er Time’* clouded page*
 G’.imm-i of t’.ic coming day—
 Ever wiling nan tlv* glory
 A «1 tiie fr i ’om of it* birth,
 Wniting t rec ord the story
 Of the frejJotn of the Earth!
 I! .w the unriuer, *mii the surging
 Of lut: a tot my »Hvr« and dark.
 Hails t Northern Star en»erjin*
 From ti e i loud* above hi* txtrk.
 Ti the i: tint fatk-tb never.
 And tir* light tail never die*—
 *T'.t hi* 1/v‘a; o vu never,
 lie ami 02 in llte Arctic skies.
 ’Tin the ‘nr th it Freedom cl iimetb
 As her ciiibiciu pure uni bright.
 And we w-tteh it ns it fa.w th
 lu the dark and troubled eight t*
 While we i larch to Jjattb'i giori'-o*.
 ith our w ajurn*, Truth ami Love,
 Freedom, as she; proves victorious,
 Hail*- th B rm« r Star above.
 Boston, Aug. 21, 1 '•iy.
 From the Harbinger.
 THE IUHiI.D'S LIE.
 I -.he.! fr&lt; m vt tic’ grating
 Of n*' «|-!iii*&lt;. dung in rril—
 Ami i iw the li.i t! er. thug,
 V» it Si a •».rib'ii angrv swell;
 And the battleship* wi n riding.
 Like i viuthans in pride,
 i liic t!u*ii eumioa-s cit was raining,
 On the .-'.onny human tide.
 Then my sm&gt;! tn anguish wept,
 Sending forth a wailing cry;
 Said the v aid, This comes from Heaven!
 Said my sou!,. 1 It i« a Lie!”
 1 looked fiotji nut the grating
 Of ru\ ►■.'ti it’s dungeon cell—
 Ami a sound of mm r.ii m&lt;;'.lining
 On mv r -r senses fed.
 And I heard the tall of lashes,
 And the clack nl iron chains,
 And I saw where M r. were driven,
 I.ike dumb cattle, o’er the plnimt.
 ’J'lieri mv soul looked up to God,
 W idi a woe-ijetloudcd eye;
 Said tin world, Tit is comes from Heaven!”
 Said an soul, I: is a Lie!”
 I looked from out the grating
 (df mv spirit’s dungeon '’ell—
 And l heard the solemn tolling
 Of a malefactorV knell.
 And I saw a frounin* gallows
 Reared af.'i in awful gloom;
 While a th. iiisatid ey es were glaring
 In a felon’s horrid doom.
 And a shout of cruel mirth
 0.1 the wind was rushing by;
 Said the world, This comes from Heaven!”
 Sodmy s .id, “Itis a Lie!”
 I l&lt; .he'd from "lit the grating
 Of my spoil's dungeon cell—
 Where the ii.it xe st-wealth was blooming
 &lt;)v«r muling plain and dell;
 And 1 saw a million paupers,
 With th ir foreheads in the dust;
 An t X saw a million workers
 Slav each other for a crust;
 An I eric I, O God above,
 Shall tbv |N.'c .le always did”
 Said the wotU, Jt comes from Heaven!”
 Said rr.v s .el, It is a Lo
 TEj: REWARD.
 BY U. G. wiiiTrir. B
 V\ hojlookic.g hackward* from his manhood'* prime
 See* not the spectre* of his tma-spent time?
 And through hr shade
 Of funeral cypres plan ed thick behind,
 Hears no reproachful w hisper on the w ind
 From his loved dead?
 ho bears no trace of Passion’* evil force?
 \V no shun* thy sling, Oh terrible Remorse?
 Who would not ca*»
 Half of his future from him, but to win
 Wakeless oblivion for the w rong and sin
 Of the sealed pact?
 .Alas' the evil which we fain would shun,
 e do, and leave the wished-for good undone.
 Our strength to-day
 Is but to-morrow’s weakness, prone to fall;
 Poor, blind, unprofitable servants all,
 Are we alway.
 Yet "ho, thus bn king baikward o’er his war*,
 Fed* dot his r-xeii wet with grateful tears,
 II he hath licen
 Permitted, weak and sinful as he was.
 To cheer and aid 11 s.,mo tnnoUing cause,
 if is fellow-men?
 If he hath hidden the outcast, or let in
 A ray of sunshine to the cell of sin;
 If he hath lent
 yprmgth to the weak, and in the hour of need.
 Over the sulk-ring, miadkf* of his creed
 Or hue, hath lie it:
 He ha* not live i in vain, and while he gives
 The praise t Him in whom he moves and lives,
 With tnankful heart
 Hr gares ba^kw,,r and with hope before.
 Knowing that from id* works he never more
 Can henceforth a«t.
 THE YEARS.
 BY r RASMCS PEItRV.
 Tne Years roll on, th- A'ears roll on;
 An ‘had &gt;w* now eUetch o’er the lawn,
 AA I ilight he!! at mom _
 The taai p cf m utal hfr
 And rturky hour* to uu nave come,
 l-de‘» landscape it m looks drear and dumb,
 An i Ipie irle I t.'ie light, and reave i f e bum,
 W ith which im -vav wa* nfe.
 I w Look backward on the padi
 \A hereoa I’ve walked ’mid wrong and wrath;
 I lock and fee how rnttch it ha'h
 Of bitt. ntti to tti
 But i f* hard k'csan* imui be learned,
 By grading cate i* wisdom earned—
 Then upward let the eye be turned.
 An! all eaith'* scenes are well.
 On roil the Years tne rr*.if* «til! Yeare,
 Aad as th*’ past, How feeling rein—
 How duet.'; up the fount of tears
 Emotion’s fires grow di—
 Thai pul** of life not long cao bst,
 An i the Years go huTying pest.
 The bl •o i.’ f ide are earthward cast,
 And withered keurt and limb. j
 The Yttit, t.’»« Years tub’ttnely roil,
 L'ttfkrling like a kttered ectoU—
 Isto k on* and garner in thy soul
 Ths tinsutii of tbeir lore,
 It ta Go* ’s wr.ii.ig there we see;
 O re .d e ith dvep intensity;
 He truth shall with thy spirit l*,
 AA’Un y*si» s.usU rcU ac more l
Selections.
(By N. de Lawaktmc.)
 THE POLITV OP REASON.
 i to t«* Diiictoii or rat nut icio*
 mm.
 CHAPTER VII.
 Arrucxrio**. —Circumstances art
 propitious for the rigorous appiicatioc
 ot this political philosophy to the eventi
 which are nnrolting before us. The
 earth has trembled: a sudden, unex
 pected, irresistible shock, has unsettled
 all interests, all passions, all affec
 tions, all systems. AH is debris, all is
 i chaos, before ua hearts, like con
 sciences, are free; the ground is lev
 elled as if for a grand social recon
 struction prepared by tbe Divine Archi
 tect. An ancient power, which som«
 veuerated through conviction or memo
 ry, others hated from impatience 01
 prejudice, has been overwhelmed, and
 so to say, through its owu fatal will; nc
 one amongst us is guilty of it; friends
 or enemies have seen it fall with equal
 astonishment. lam not here speaking
 of that crowd who have plaudits for al
 who soar, yells for all who fall: this
 power perished in the tempest which ii
 had itself so blindly arous&lt;d. Royal
 ihts ourselves in heart or mind, men o
 logic or fidelity, we can but weep ir
 silence over these dispersed ruins
 venerate and lament the august victim:
 ot an irremediable error, remove in
 sult from the white hairs of the aged
 call respect and pity around the tombs
 of the martyrs, of the pious asylum o
 woman, and not proscribe pardon ant
 hope for the heads of innocent children;
 but, abandoned to ourselves by a fact
 stronger than us, we belong entirely tc
 it; our reason has no more ties, out
 private affection no longer struggles in
 us against our social logic. Let us
 learn, then, in deploring all there is tc
 deplore in that chain of ages, whose
 last link is broken, in spite of ourselves,
 in our own hands, to profit like men by
 that liberty which the catastrophe has
 made fur us! Let us not he led bv the
 ieeling which has no place in the actual
 fact, but let us reason and act; let us
 not be men of one opinion, of one par
 ty, of one family, but men of the pres
 ent and the future!’ When our sons, tc
 whom we shall have bequeathed oui
 work and our memory, shall judge us
 from'afar, with the impartiality and
 rigor of distance, when all personal
 leeling shall be dead and cold before
 them, when they shall sound the social
 order we have prepared for them, they
 will not receive lor excuse our preju
 dices ot birth, our predilections of
 blood, our family customs, ourdeiicacy
 ot mind, our fitness of position, our
 vain regrets, our weak dislikes; they
 will ask of us if we have acted as men,
 intelligent men, prescient and free, or
 j it we have lost, in vain recriminations
 and in powerless sorrows, the epoch
 which was given to*us to regenerate so
 cial order, and ascertain the depth tff
 political truth.
 Upon these foundations, then, we
 shall establish thus, and in a few
 words, the political symbol of a ration
 al epoch whereon we are entering.
 contine myself to laying it before you;
 i it is for you to contrast it in each ques
 tion of detail with the three principles
 which ought to govern and enlighten it,
 i l iie limits of this letter do not permil
 rne, upon auy of these articles, either
 development, discussion, comment
 ary: each would be a book; it net*.
 but a word. I shall take them u[
 again, perhaps, at a later period.
 vu.tmß vin.
 The attempt of the coup d'etat of Ju
 lv was senseless and guilty. Then
 was error in the intention, and violatior
 of sworn faith in the act; consequent!*
 neither reason nor morality in the deed;
 impartial conscience judges it as the
 event has judged it; a coup d'etat i&lt;
 only moral and just when it is neces
 sary, and whensoever it is necessary ii
 is successful: it is the first axiom o
 high politics.
 The dynasty was thoroughly com
 promised in the chastisement inflicted
 by the deed: the political punishment
 struck beyond the fault. The fire oi
 i popular indignation consumed the dry
 j and the green wood: resistance, in its
 perfect right, for two days, exceeded it
 on the third: on that the violation oi
 another right commences—the dynastic
 right. Its maintenance alone would
 have been moral. Was it possible, in
 j the very excitement of action, in the
 very fire of the fray? History alone
 I knows and will say. We are quite
 ignorant of it. Whatever the judg
 ment delivered by a revolution in the
 heat of conflict, in the partiality ol
 victory, there are always two voices to
 protest more loudly against it—one in
 heaven, conscience; one on earth, his
 tory: but it must be confessed here,
 with a mournful sincerity, since two
 lights were alike violated and reversed
 in a private or social struggle, con
 science.like history-,attaches the strong
 est culpability to the aggressor, and
 finds, in the first violation, if not the
 excuse, at least the cause of tbe
 socond.
 If, in the appreciation of these two
 faults, we are led to balance the popu
 lar right ogainst the dynastic right, we
 find that they are only one and the
 same right, the people’s right of safety,
 the right of social necessity The one
 is pritnordially and eternally derived
 trom the other. If the people violate
 it; it, without an invincible necessity,
 they destroy it, they are striking them
 selves, violating themselves, and by
 themselves are punished for their own
 crime; but, the event once accomplish
 ed, is society to perish irremediably
 under the ruins of its dynasties? Are
 generations to transmit', like a bloody
 heritage, the vengeance of this right
 the redress of that wrong? Are men
 of reasou, light and conscience, to ab
 stain, in the absence of this right, from
 their m &gt;st nnprescriptable law, fro, n
 their duties as citizens, as children of
 the nation, ot the age, of humanity;
 and to retire, forever, “to their tents,’*
 because one national chief is aubsi’i
 tuted for another? No: that would be
 the commencement, in them, of an of
 fence, graver than that against which
 their inertness would pretend to protest
 and be severe. Their bootless fidelity
 to a man, to a recollection, to a name,
 to a duty, that the fact would bare ren
 dered fictitious, would become infideli
 ty, more real and more culpable to
themselves, to the couutry, the people,
 to all mankiod: for the purpose of bon-
 I oring the past, they would betray the
 i present and the future. The genera
 j lions would demand from them an ac
 count of their force, voluntarily abau
 i doned by them, in the eleroal social
 struggle, in the progressive march ol
 ideas and of thiugs. Whoever does
 nut tight in that contest, whoever does
 i not advance in that path, is accountable
 for, and an accomplice in, the evil
 which is triumphant, or the society
 I which stands still; and, besides, if ev
 ery one had the independent right of
 i the country to acknowledge in the dy
 nasties which spread over history, the
 one which appears to him to have the
 primordial right to his obedience, the
 exclusive title to his affection what
 would become of the social world? We
 should acknowledge as many aover
 eign* as there are names in our calen
 dar. One would serve Clovis, another
 believe in Pepin the absurdity of the
 i consequences proves the absurdity of
 the dogma. Common sense, like mo
 rality, like the invincible necessity of
 national existence, leads us, then, to
 conclude, that legitimacy, the best of
 social objections, is, however, nothing
 but a social convention, a salutary tic
 f tion of right that it only has the
 i right, so long as it has the fact, or that
 it is striving to recover it; that dynas
 i ties which possess the present do not
 possess the future; that the royal races
 rise and descend in eternal rotation of
 human destinies like other races; that
 the power, expression, and nroperty of
 the entire society is not alienated for
 ever, is not infeudated to an immortal
 family, is not interminably transmitted,
 as a fief of humanity; that everything
 may perish, that everything tnay change
 —men, races, dominions, names, and
 i forms, even of governments and em
 pires; but one single thing does not
 perish, does not change, is not pre
 scribed—the duty for each man, for
 each citizen, not to Separate himself
 from his country, nut to nullify himself
 in the nation, not to protest alone
 agai ist a social necessity, admitted by
 the fact; for a social fact has also its
 logic and its consequences, independent
 of its right; but to serve the country,
 the nation, humanity, in all the phases,
 |in all the conditions of his moveable
 1 and progressive existence. The most
 j simple morality here becomes policy.—
 A single case is excepted, that in which
 I divine law, or the conscience, may be
 in opposition with human laws; this is
 the case which makes heroes or mar
 tyrs, men greater than citizens.
 For us, then, constitutional royalists,
 men at once of fidelity and of liberty,
 of morality and progress, two duties
 are clearly written before our eyes: the
 one, a duty of conscience—to serve
 the country, to march with the nation,
 to think, to speak, to write, act and
 fight with her; the other, a duty of
 honor, which a special position, an ex
 ceptional delicacy, may impose on some
 few of us—to hold aioof from the im
 mediate action, and the favors of gov
 ernment; not to solicit its good graces,
 not to deck ourselves with its gifts, not
 to court its confidence, not to adore
 victory, not to glide with fortune from
 one palace to another, not to repudiate
 our first worship, the affections of our
 cradles; not to carry to the feet of a
 new race, consecrated, albeit, in our
 j eyes, by necessity, hearts still warm
 i with our devotion of yesterday, to a
 l race which exile shelters, and which
 iw. In (Kot pnnjiKctir
 palace of the vicissitudes of the throne,
 and of the returns of adversity.
 Even mourning sits well on grief with
 out hope.
 Although morality does not reprovt
 i a contrary conduct when a political ne
 cessity instigates it, this conduct, altei
 j a devotion of fifteen years, after bene
 i received, perhaps,would make ever
 i 'irtue suspected. The past has it&lt;
 rights; honor and gratitude may have
 their scruples. To this rule there u
 but one single exception, which con
 firms it by its rarity, even by its impro
 bability: it is the case where the pr ince
 will require of us, in the name of the
 country, a service which no other can
 render him as well as we. In this case,
 honor, all personal feelings, must yield
 to patriotism, a social feeling; and,
 consequently, above the former. Some
 time, in these incalculable chances ol
 revolutions, the prince may find him
 the first in this formidable excep
 tion. King, by the fact of his ncces
 s itv, innocent of his elevation, unhappy
 perhaps, from his own grandur!
 FORCE OF GK WIT V IS THE MOR.
 AL WORLD.
 BY ELIHU BURRITT.
 In the material universe there is one
 grand, royal law, upon which hang all
 the laws that govern matter or motion.
 That law, the union and source of all the
 laws known to the physical world, is the
 law of Gravitation. In its object, oper
 ation and effect, it is to the material
 world just what the royal law of love ia
 to the moral. To every atom of matter
 in the universe, it is the command, and
 I the commaud shall he obeyed—“ Thou
 shall love the Lord thy God with all thy
 j soul, mind and strength, and thy neigh
 boras thyself.” Thou shall attach thy
 selfto his eternal throne with all thy ca
 pacity ot adhesion, and draw with thee
 fellow atom towards the same cen
 tre. Since the world was made, not a
 grain of sand, not a drop of rain or dew,
 n *r a vi&amp;cle of air, has ever broken that
 law; and there has been peace through
 all the peopled amplitudes of space.
 Pervading the whole universe with its
 socializing influences, it attracts particle
 to particle, planet to primary, sun to sun
 system to system;, mooring all the crea
 tion of God around his throne, the com
 mon centre of matter and of mind. And
 there, firm and peaceful, that roval
 law holds them, while they make music
 with the harmony of their motions, sing
 ing as they revolve in their orbits which
 it peracribed them when eternity was
 young, and which shall remain unalter
 ed by a hair, when eternity shall be old.
 1-pon the almighty and omnipresent
 force of that law, depends the destiov
 of worlds which geometry never meas
 ured, the condition of beings oatstreeb
 mg the arithmetic of angels. Should ft
 release its hold on a single atom fioat
 mg along on the sunless disk of nonexis
 tence, trembling would run through all
 »hose innumerable creations,“and eigne
 of woe unutterable that all was Jo«t
 Suppose, now,that wotm human go*.
eminent should undertake to suspend
 the operations or existence of this roy- 1
 at law of the physical world. And sup
 pose that its puny arm could palzy
 that all-pre&amp;dtng, concentrating force;
 what mind could not conceive the
 wild catastrophe that would ensue
 through the material universe Mil
 lions of suns would be quenched simul
 taneously in everlasting night. All the
 worlds they lighted and led, would crum
 ble in their orbits into the minutest di
 visions of matter, filling the whole irn
 -1 mensity of space with hostile atoms,
 each at war with his fellow, repelling
 its society, and dashing on in its centri
 fugal madness, to ‘’make confusion
 worse confounded.” All the beings
 that peopled those decomposed worlds,
 would float promiscuous and dismem
 bered over the black surges of the
 boundless chaos; and not a throb of life
 or ray of light would beat or shine
 amid the ruins of the universe. Does
 any one doubt for a moment, that all
 this, and more than we can conceive of
 ruin, would be the instantaneous con
 sequence ol destroying the great law of
 gravitation?
 But what is all this; what to God
 and his moral universe is ail this disas
 ter, this wreck of matter and cra*b of
 .worlds; what this disruption of every
 vein of life and form of beauty; what is
 this to that other and more dreadful ca
 tastrophe which war would' produce,
 when it reaches up and essays to para
 lyze, with its iron hand, the great law
 of Love, the law of gravitation in the
 moral world, which attracts and centres
 around the heart of God, all the hearts
 that beat with spiritual existence?—
 Amid the decompositions of the material
 universe, every undying spirit would be
 safe tram the general ruin, nor verge a
 hair from its moral orbit, nor be jostled
 from its centripetal tendency towards
 its great Source and Centre. But in
 that other act of immeasurable iniquity,
 j man would consign the moral world to
 a chaos infinitely more appalling than
 I that which would involve the material
 universe, should he strike from exis
 j tence the law of gravity. He would
 sever every ligament of attraction that
 attaches heart to heart, spirit to spirit,
 angel to angel, and all created beings
 to God. He would set the universe on
 fire with malignant passions, on whose
 red billows contending spirits, once
 blessed, now damned, would thrust at
 each other’s existence, and curse them
 selves and God. That act would put a
 sword iu every angel’s hand, and every
 harp in heaven, with horrid discord,
 would summon the frenzied and bat
 tling seraphs to mutual and deathless
 slaughter. It would blast the foliage of
 life’s fair tree, turn the crystal river in
 to burning pitch, and line its banks with
 fighting fiends. Hate, malignant and
 quenchless, would burn in every heart,
 fcnd no two spirits in the universe would
 unite, even in common melevolence.
 BAD LUCK
 There are many pennons
 with whom fogg|ie has dealt raffier
 harshly, aceojHhg to their account,
 i and who coaatsypliy ihair
 picious fate, awributiog alt 'tjjhrfr
 misfortunes, hdjpreal and imaginary,
 to bad luck.* To ail such we com
 mend the following article from Rev.
 H. \V. Beecher*s lectures to young
 1 men
 “I may here, as well as any where,
 impart th*» arr.cet of frond a*&gt;U L«d luv_k.
 There are men who, supposing Provid
 ence to have an implacable spite
 against them, bemoan in the poverty of
 a vvretched old age the misfortunes of
 their lites. Luck forever ran against
 them and for others. One, with a
 good profession, lost his luck in the
 river, where he idled away his time in
 fishing.—Another, who had a good
 trade, perpetually burnt up his luck in
 his hot temper, which provoked his
 j employers to leave him. Another,
 with lucrative business, lost his luck
 I amazing diligence at every thing
 but his own business. Another, who
 steadily followed his trade, as steadily
 followed his bottle. Another, who was
 honest and constant at his work, erred
 by perpetual misjudgments— he lacked
 discretion. Hundreds lose their luck
 endorsing by sanguine speculations
 by trusting fraudulent men and by
 dishonest gains. A man never has
 good luck who has a bad wife. I never
 knew an early rising, hard working
 prudent man careful of his earnings,’
 and strictly honest, who complained of
 bad luck. A good character, good
 habits, and iron industry are impregna
 ble to the assaults of all the ill luck
 thatfools ever dream of. But when I
 see a tatterdemalion, creeping out of
 a grocery late in the afternoon, with
 his hands stuck into his pockets, the
 rim of his hat turned up and the crown I
 knocked in, 1 know he has had bad
 luck, for the worst luck is to be a slug
 gard, a knave, or a tippler.”
 Tight La.ci.xg.—A learned doctor,
 referring to tight lacing, avers that it is
 a pubfic benefit, inasmuch as it kills ali
 the foolish girls, and leaves the wise
 ones to grow to be women.
 Rather Stro.xg.—Parker Pillsburv,
 speaking upon one occasion of the so-,
 called cottonocracy ”of Boston, said
 that they would dam up the river ol
 life, that they might build cotton-mills!
 in the city of the Sew Jerusalem.”
 O.xlt Twelve Cexts.—The value
 of a w ife has at length been settled by
 a court and jury. In N. York, a hus
 band has just recovered, for the legal
 detention of his wife for two yearv
 tieehc cent#—just half a cent a m mth. f
 Steel Pins. —The quantity of steel
 annually consumed in the manufacture j
 ot pens is estimated at 120 tons, from
 which 200,0J'J.000 are produced yearly
 Good Advice.—lf, said an Irish
 apothecary, you find three tumblers ol j
 whiskey disagree with you over night,
 dont ta k« ’em till next day, and then
 leave ’em off entirely.
 Dickt.—The young ladies of a fash
 ionable boarding school in Massachu
 aetta, instead ol making use of the
 common and uncouth term, die tinnary;
 have unanimously adopted the more re-
 Orthography of ric&amp;ord-tionary.
 We find this in the papers, but cannot
 vonch lor in truth.
 If I *m to nave a fault 1 would rather
 speak ton harshly, and thrust truth forth
 too unwisely, than to play the hypo*
 crtjjMto any one, and hold truth ia
 a.
Free Leber Getds.
 Manufactured by the A»«.can Frr* pro.
 th***: A=*«riati .n, and TjT sale at No. 31, Nortl
 Fi?*h-*tre«, P4rU&gt;Wphia:
 M incia*-- 1 G«a|'»atni; Checks. Ap**-n an i Fur
 nittm'; Canton Flannel, aBbV ached; Muil'ii
 bfcadmd a»,*i w&amp; f&gt;oc\.p4t' vari rfM qoMitir-* mth,
 hidth; tbiu AJa-.m for lining.', brow a and colored j
 Bir&gt;l Etc T .wrts; lAn k h'i! white Wadding;
 Lip&lt;; L%n.p Wi-k; it J Ticking, an n.
 ceUrat aru ie; C« Uco, Stockings, Kai U.-g tarltoo,
 Itr. r.
 Or brs f »r O*&gt;o I*. or l*ttm «h-siring inf»r«mtw*i,
 n»v be alkm«4 i&gt; J. VliHer VleKu-n, ill, North
 Filth-street; Dani t L. Miller, TeuUi-atrect; or to
 J.im-f M *t. Nr,. 35, h AIW.
 A large uni handsome ass «t*eat of Print* bow
 OB hail‘l. j :l l
 Anli-Slarery Office,
 No. 31, North Fifth Stmt, Philadelphia.
 AY I"LL assort.nent of anti-slavery publications
 i» kept constantly on hand. Also a handsome
 variety of miscellaneous publications, and usehd
 and Fancy Stationery.
 All letters relating to the business of the office
 to he Hireete I to J. Miller McKun, 31, North
 Fifth-street, Philadelphia. jtsl—if
 ITR .IN!) SILK HITS.
 FARRIXGTOS PRICE, manufacturer and
 dealer in Fur and Silk Hats, Cl &gt;Ui an I Fut
 Caps, Ladies' Furs and Trimming*. Buffalo Robet
 ami an assortment of Hat Cases, UinUellas, &amp;c.,
 &amp;r. &amp;c., No. 2, St. Paul Street, Minerva Block.
 fjr A usual supply of Buckskin Gloves and
 Mittens
 ROCHESTER SHOE AND LEATHER
 JOBBING HOUSE.
 THE subscribers at No. 22 State street, tike plea.
 sure in announcing to the public that tltcy havt
 completed arrangements by which they are enablec
 to offer the most satisfactory inducements to all en
 gaged in the sale or manufacture of Boots and Shoes
 to come to ibis market for a supqly.
 They are also offering on the most fanorable terms
 a large stock of Sole an I Upper Leather, Kip, Calf
 and Morocco Skins, with a full assortment of Find,
 tng, including Lasts, Pegs, &amp;c. Dealers will find ii
 greatly to their interest to examine our stock Ijefort
 purchasing elsewhere.
 jylO SAGE PANCOST.
 BRITISH PERIODICAL
 LITER ATIRE.
 SUBSCRIBE EARLY WHILE THE TERM:
 ARE LOW.
 REPUBLICATION OF
 The London Quarterly Review, Tin
 Edinburgh Revieiv, The North Rrit
 ish Review, The Westminster Review
 and Blackwood's Edinburgh Maga
 sine.
 The above Periodicals ate reprinted in New York
 immediately on their artival by the Bi itish steamers
 in a beautiful clear type, on tine white pa| er, an.
 are faithful copies of the originals, Blackwood’
 Magazine, being an exact facsimile of the Edinbutg:
 edition.
 I hey embrace the views of the three great partie
 in England —Tory, Whig, and Radical. “Black
 wood” an l the London Quarterly” are l ory th
 “Edinburgh Review” Whig; anl the Westmin
 ster Review” Radical. The North British Re
 view” is more of a religious character, having bee
 originally edited by Dr. Chalmers, and now, sine
 his death, being conducted by h.s son-in-law, Dt
 Hanna, associated with Sir David Brewster. It
 litciary character is of the very highest order..
 PRICES FOR 1848, (if subscribed for early.
 For any one of the four’ Reviews, 83 00 per annum
 For any two do 000
 For any three do 7 00
 For all four of the Reviews, 8 00
 For Blackwood’s Magazine, 3 00
 For Blackwood and t'ne 3 Reviews, 0 00
 For Blackwood the 4 Reviews, 10 00
 Payments to be made in all cases in advance.
 FLUBBING.
 Four copies of any or all the above wetks will b&lt;
 sent to one address on payment of the regular sub
 •criptica for three—the fourth copy being gratis.
 EARLY COPIF.3.
 A late arrangement with the British publishers o
 Blackwood’s Magazine secures to us eaily sheets o
 that work, by which we shall be able to place tin
 entire number in the hancs of subscribers before an;
 Portion of it can be icptinleJ ia any of the Ameiicai
 ournals. For this an-1 other advantages seemed ti
 our subscribe; 8 we pay so large a consideration, tba
 we may be compelled to raise the pi ice of the Maga
 zinc. Tneicfore we repeat “subscribe car’v whili
 the price is low.”
 Remittances and communications should be alway
 addressed, post-paid or franked, to the publishers,*
 LEONARD SCOT!' CO.
 70 Fulton street, New York.
POVERTY:
 ITS ILLEGAL CAUSES AND LEGA]
 CURE.
 BY LYSAN’DER SPOnNER.
 The Albany Patriot calls it—“ A neat pamphlet o
 108 pages—-a very remarkable production.”
 Whetlier all the anticipations of Mr. Sqooue
 would be realized by the full a. lout ion of his theory
 we do not here atop to enquire; but we heartily com
 mend his endeavor to the notice of all who love
 transparent forcible diet ion—intrepid independence
 original thought—and entire freedom from the can
 of sect cr pai ty. At a judicial writer, he has a depth
 a compass, tar beyond any one whose production)
 have met our eve in a long time.”
 Hunt’s Merchant’s Magazine says—“ It abou.idi
 in bol l and original thoughts. The illegal causes o
 poveity are stated, and a number of important propo
 sitions bearing on the subject bid down; and,on tlu
 whole, we consider it a work well worth studying—
 adording as it docs many valuable bints to the states
 man an i political economist.”
 Tlie Bangor Gazette says—“ An able and certain
 ly original work, from tlie pen ofLvsander Spooner,
 Esq.—author of that poweiful hook which demon
 strates tlie unconstitutional.ty of American Slavery.
 There is no writer ol tl»e age, of log cal acumen wore
 searching than Spooner.,’ This new work is des
 tined to lead to a re examination »f ad fanner sys
 tems of political econo.ny.” At first blush his eco
 nomical propositions strike us as sustainable—and if
 they are so, his work will prevail, and produce an
 important revolution in the pieseut prevailing sys
 tem.
 Every one should read it.”
 BELA MAR-811, Publisher, Boston.
 Part 1. Pnoe 25 Cents.
 THE GIRARD LIFE INSURANCE, AN
 NUITY AND TRUST COMPANY of Phila
 delphia. Chartere lin 1836—Chai ter Pe. pctual;
 Capital, S&amp;jQ.OiW—Benjamin W Richar&lt;:*, P.esi
 deot. Continues to make insurance on lives, g ant
 annuities aad endowments, and accept busts from i.i
 diTiduals, corporate bodies, ani cornts of justice,
 aad executa them ag&lt; eeafcly to the desii e of the par
 ties, and receive deposits of money in trust or on
 interest.
 The Company add a bonus at stated periods to
 the insurance for life, anioa the 2'Xh of January
 last, an a tdition w u a i i to all the p lines for life,
 remiining in knee ani issuei prior to January Ist,
 1842, ammiaung to Id per cent, oa the sum insu ei
 in policies issue t in 1837; 7j per cent, on policies
 issued in 1838, an t in rateable propot lions according
 to their respective dates.
 The chief object of an insurance for life is to pro
 vide a sum of money at the death of the party insm
 ed, for the benefit of a widow, children, ti ii*a .t or
 creditors; and it will be seen on examination of the
 table of rates of the life insurance, w hich will be
 famished by the subscriber to all who may tee! au
 interest in the subject, that by paving a small sum to
 the otioe every year da. iag (us life, a pet m may se
 cure to his Um-fy a vs, y considerable amount u hie
 dcoeaue.
 Wherever the system of Life Insurance is properly
 understood, a is extensively adopted, aad «u great
 advantage* to ail, but mote especially to those who
 depeed on thmr own exert ioas far the support of their
 caaiiies, or who may be desinous to teeme the pay
 meet of a m a of auney to thei. ft tends, ere Uteri or
 children, if their decease, which they might be oth
 erwise amble to aecoapinb, last ihsupe.atioaofthn I
 system ace a bat u be explained to eosxe the sen
 bus consi krauor. of the public.
 Is eeveral taebtnees A has happened that the pert?
 ueo&lt;ed has died siurtir afeer having paid only one
 or two instslmsnis of the premium, waeo his {amil*
 bare reamved from this odtee the fall »&lt;—for
 he had uuxei.
 Fall uifjrmat oo on this important subject may be
 •f •Pplyaf, personally or by letter (poet
 paid) at lhe office c* the subsc-iber, the
 ■{eat of the Guard Life Insurance Coapanv.
 WILLIAM BAKEWELL,
 Bekewett’s low BtiWNpe
 Grant street, Pittsburgh.
 gsßsaaftiansas
POST AND WILLIS, Deafer* in Drugs, Medi
 cines, CSwnitmb, l&gt;ve Stef*, Paints, Varnish,
 Otfe, ttoaiw*, Perfenacry, Degusrwotyp*
 Stutk, l read, aid German Clwinicafe, AjU*«’
 tvtun, BtwhM *nd Canvass, Etfeml Oil, Gold
 Leal aid Fotl, 4tr. lie.
 Being Agi-uts fir u*i*l of the celebrated Family
 and vahuUe Patent Me ficstw*, and receiving the
 same directly from tfee VUimfnrmrrn or the* 1 A«wm,
 U**y are enabled a, snjpiy all orders at wholesale
 ami retail, .a tie: in litiirtlile tem.s.
 Hiurrifnihit Umiki, Maws Mis. and Family
 Case.*, a *iu lull liiT**! Uutta* Only agtaU ivf W eat
 ern New Ymk.
 A fe», Sherwood’s Vibratory Magnetic Machines,
 aitii lanraaa.
 Ph «i:ne G»&gt;; a!.«o Etherij! Oil and Lamps, for
 Iwmitig the same. Those eh&gt; wool rantm ee**-
 aoasy aa i coeieiuence are «u*ite«l to examine the**
 laiuif*. lie attention of Country Marcianos, I'lty
 ekiatif, Frunith**, and ethers, wishing g«x’s in the
 alwtr hue, is requested at tiic APOTHECARIES’]
 HAI.!,, 4, tvlwigf sue*l.
 OWEN MouFilTcTr f Rfn'dehv
 tMuti Tar avntia—hie ristUKk «vrki&gt;.
 Mr. MORRIS wxs in the employ cl Mr. Marcus
 Morse for seven rears, and during that time
 procured lor him three Silver Medals, tor the best!
 specimens of Book Binding, exhibited at the Mr-!
 clianics’ Fairs held in this city and Buffalo.
 Gentlemen’s Lilwarif* lined op and repaired
 Music Taper ruled; Music and Periodicals bound
 and finidietl to anv pattern. Blank Account Book?
 executed at this establishment have given unequalled
 satistiction, I y their dm ability and elegance. Strict
 attention is always paid to tlie quality of paper used,
 to ren 'er them equal to the beat in die l nited States
 or those imported.
 Ladies' Scrap and Guard Books, Albums and
 Portfolios, in all their varieties, manufactured to
 order in the best style.
 Banks, Institutions, Societies, &amp;c., may be
 assured of woik being done on the most advantageous
 terms.
 Gentlemen residing at a distance, by packing and l
 forwarding volumes to the above directions, stating
 price and style, may rely upon their being well bound
 on the most la vocable terms, also carefully and
 punctually returned.
 N.B. The proprietor has spared no expense in
 fitting up the establishment, and introducing into
 Western New York the latest improvements in
 Book Binding.
 OWEN MORRIS,
 City Bindery, under tlie Museum. 1
 PRINTING PAPER AGENCY.
 WE are Agents for the Bu'‘alo Paper 31 ills,
 where Paper of the lest quality is made from
 pure spring water, very white and smooth. A sup
 ply of News and Book Paper kept constantly for
 sale by us, at Mill prices, in laige or small lots.
 Any size and quality of Paper not on hand, fur
 nished at short notice.
 Printers and others will do well to call and exam
 ine the quality and price, at No. 6 Exchange st. i
 FISHER Co.
 jy2l Booksellers and Publishers.
BOSTO\ ADI KDTISE.Ii KM S.
CLARKSON,
 LONDON EDITION—WITH PORTRAIT.
 A FEW copies of LARK SON’S hb'IUKl
 OF THE ABO Lid lON OF THE SLAM
 TRADE, with prefatory remarks on the sul sequent
 abolition of Slaveiy; a beautiful London edition,
 with a tine Portrait of the Authi r, done on steel, —;i
 book which Could not be impoite (in 1# ss than three
 dollars, can be had at 21, Comhill, if tq plied fin
 immediately, at tire verv 1 w pi ice ol Cs r Dollar.
 rash. Also, EULOGICM ON 11 AIihSGN, l y
 Alkxahler Crcmmkll, to th&lt; i ••cco price ot
 twelve anil a half cents.
MACON B. ALLEN, Att met and C( urscll. I
 at Law, Massachusetts Pfi.ik.
 BOYS’ CLOTHING.
 SAMUEL 3\ ILSON, 10, lhattle Street, having
 made lecent additions to his stock, is prej ared to
 furnish BOYS’ CLOTHING, of as good material
 and lit, and at as cheap pi ices, as can be obtained in
 the city.
NEW ENGLAND SECOND HAND
 CLOTHING STOLE,
 No. 56, ITif ion St he kt, Boston.
 T OHN gjjQi RIGHT keeps constantly on hand a
 d great var iety of New and Second Hand Clothing,
 floods of all kiitfhi, inch as old clothes, I. g« o&lt;;.-,
 33 atciiea, U*tut* ami Sho«tf, &amp;c„ exchanged fi r new
 clothing.' Cash aiTraficefT erratt kinds of goods,
 from one to one bundled dollars.
TOHN D. REVALEON, Hn r Cutting Saloon,
 *J and Perfumery Emporium, 114, Blarkstone-st.
NJEW HOOKS.
 FOR SALE at the Anti-Slavery Depository, 21,
 Cornbiii—namely,
 lhe Li! »oi t y Lull lui 1643. A feu copies remain.
 Life of William W. Broun, 2i Edition, with addi
 tional matter ami n w engravings. Price, bourn!,
 oil cts; in paper covers, 2-3 c;g,
 Mr. Shackford’s Appeal in re paid to the War with
 Mexico, 12A eta.
 Position and Duties of tiie North, with repaid to
 Slavery. By Andrew P. Peabody. 5 ct/.
 Six Months at Gradenberg. By Henry C. Wright.
 41 ,00.
 Dick Cruwningshield, the assassin, and Z.ichary
 lay lor, the Soldier; the Difference lie tween
 tiem. By Henry C. Wright. 3 cts. single; 25!
 cts. per dozen.
r rHOMAS P. SMITH, No. 38, Brattle Street,
 X sign ol the Gulden Ball. New and Second
 hand Clothing Store.
ISAAC IF. SNOW DEN, Book, Newspaper, and
 1 Fancy Job Printer, IA, U atqr Stieet.
 03* All orders promptly attended to, and neatly
 executed.
The Ma&amp;acbusctts Quarterly Review.
 IMJMME.MCED on the first of December, 1847,
 Vto be continued oil the of March, June, an
 an I September. It w ill be devoted to tlie interest
 of no party or class, but its conductors will endea
 vor to present an open and fair field f, r the notice
 and discussion of matters pertaining to Philosophy
 Politics, Literature, Religion, and Humanity.
 Tfie Review will be con dieted by K. W*. Etner
 tou, TJieodoie Pa.ker, ami J. Elliot Cabot, assisted
 by several oilier gentlemen.
 Each number will contain about 123 pages, at the
 price of S-3 a year, in advance.
 Communications, snliscriptious, &amp;c. rbould be
 addressed to the Pubiieliets,
 CUOLIDGE WILEY, j
 12, V\ ater Street, Boston.
JEW VOBk ADVERTISE}] EJTS.
FREE PRODUCE STORK.
 E\\ GOOD.S just retired. General reduction
 Li »o pi ices.
 Fine 4-4 i rials, various rules.
 .Vew styles ol Prints of iue nua quality, usual width.
 Fine ait wide Pape, Mushus. Amo Colore,.
 Cambrics.
 fuitairi Calico. Sapeuor Sue Chintz Umbrellas.
 Oil Cloths.
 Satinets, good and cheap. Alsu on hand, mostly at
 reduced prices, various quahlis a«..
 styles.
 Fine an 1 Ueary Shirting, Sheetings, and Pillow
 Muslins.
 Striped t’aittrks. Fine 6 4 I'fcsi I M tslin.
 Muslin 0* Lalac, plum eijj aeutly tiail wool.
 Li lens, w&lt;uiaiite.. tree from c .it
 t Lnneis 4*4 j0.,1 and price*.,. C t..i i-melt,
 white and Colored.
 Table Duq er and Cl.tl«s, &lt;d 'c
 Apron and F sintuueCheck. L ai. tU kerchief*.
 WiUe4 Plaktx/si SunU* A.*j Line
 D.iilmj, it'.
 Long aua naif i lose, fine and heavy.
 Kumiog CvUaa, rsu 'ujim .N\4., l»*ea*C4iei,
 colored*
 p aad colored Cotton Laps. Also,
 Kelined Loaf, Crushed, and puive, ized Sugar.
 tJroaru Sugar, goo I quality, &lt;*f various gia ie*.
 It*e wh-le stock, eaeiusively Free L,dx&gt;r (roods,
 to wuic4i the 3 rUcr.tar ouli inviie the aiteono,
 of Coanuy umc’u.iu, as well as has (t leads end the
 putJic eeeeraiiy.
 Much pains u taken by the Managers of the Fiee
 Produce Association, to assist tne Subscriber to ea-
 Set** the assortment from uses lo ume.
 ULuiWiL (V. TAYLOR,
 mi., outa«r Fifth ana Limrtv-sU.
 PaittdeSplua l\ mo. Ut, 1343. tf
JUST PUBLISHED, an I for sale at the oHke of
 ui the Ailli skr*ry sfumlsr
 Tfc» Uvgioa of Liberty, mi Farm of Truth, !Oth
 •UtUOM.
rms work coauuaa ahoct 230 pages of ehm
 rmimj; 3Ud eauaem *uuurnK«, mi about #«u»
 9i fr* r iaga. Price 37| cu, la oumlml
 aaJ 23 ecus iu paeper com* A to»* bherat du
 riw CoadttK«, ladaooee, Right*, **d Appeal of
 Wi otnen.fr'4o vs/vaie author*. Ulrwusk*"* 1
 ,JPP* W- Pries 18| coat*.
 WW W, BLector* before tbs Feeuls A. f.
 fts£«. £S£4r**i*r*
PHILIP a. WHITE, Druggist, corner of Frxak
 fort and Gold Street.
TITILLIAM 8. POWELL, Sailor's Ik** 6l
 W Cherry Street.
 DP. J. M’CUNE SMITH, 98, Weet Bn*}.
 WOT.
T J INNINGS, Surgeon-Deot-t, Ifift,
 A Brown May.
JOSEPH C. HOLLY, Boot and She* Maker
 No. 97, Cnufen Street, Brooklyn.
 N.B. R [-ailing neatly executed at the abortest
 notice and the most reasonable term.
WM H. TOI’P, Merchant Tfolor, Mfi Bmed.
 way. Ahm an extensive assortment of Cnmuj,
 Stocks, Ilo«,rv, fiioves, fcc.
 AiUoy, Feb. 11, 1848.
GENTEEL BOARDING lIOI'SF.
 CHARLES RIGUGATE, aid resoectfoUy
 v \C r.i his ii ie*'- s ami tlie pub ic, tkaipie c-.nt.m*,
 to devte every attcntin ;o those pleased to Car a*
 his home” w'idk a call. The boose is pleasantly
 located at 6T2 Broadway, Albany.
 Feb. 18, 1848.
TtTLLIAU RICH, Hair Dressing and Bathing
 Saloon, Troy House, Tn y. New York.
TI U LIAM B. LOGAN, Dealer in Fasbioaatfe
 v» Boots and Shoes, 80, Purchase Sheet, New
 Bedford.
 33 B. L. keeps constantly on hand a good assort
 ment, and wi l sell &lt;hcap for cash. Suict attention
 paid to custom-made work, by Means. Parker ai.d
 Davis
TVASIIIMiTON’S Pagwetrian Gallery, 136-
 3 Main Street, Kellogg’s Buildings, Hartford
 Connecticut. r
KOKTHAJIPTGN WATER CIRE.
 Fleetricity and Hydropathy
 THE puHic ate if*|c«tluiiy inlmmc&lt;i»ilat smf
 th€ phil* sophical cicducti&lt;'ns of the Varned Hr.
 Means, of Fnwtv C&lt; llese. Ga., and the* seieatific
 experiments of Mr. Hummer of England,* have
 recently and iw'ubitnl l_v e.‘tablirhed the fact, tin
 the com lesion* at which the undersigned arrived
 the sense of tmh, in 184-1, are in harmony w,iii
 nattnal and pi ysinli gical law* —to wit, that the
 human hodjr, in a healthy condition, is in a jmtttnt
 rle&lt;tricul tiatt, ami that lie electrical etnomuicns
 from the cuticular surface, indit ate health, or the
 symj.tt ir.s aad character of disease—there is leme
 reason to h&lt; |e, that ceitam t hysirians, ignorant oi
 these principles natural laws, a knowledge ul
 which is essential to the safe and intelligent piactire
 of the healiig ait, will cease their voeilnatiun*
 against lie rosiTtvt i mtctrical statiul'U*
 hi n:an body, and will hesitate to dissuade th&lt; ae
 win tu they have failed to relic ve of their n ni{ taints,
 fi* m sec hit g rt.itnc’s it uei y at the AcßTitxMr
 tom W *th (IFF. 'I It’s M&gt;s rained ly tie light
 of science, the undesigned nay le fei tinted hrie
 to U'| i at Ins e\| et it nee, that, it- all cases w I t ic the
 wrist, sti ni: (I ,01 logs, me in tie elec tio-i egative
 c&lt; m itii.n, the utient is I cyt ritf tl e 11 wei cl water
 to aOord relief. On the i tl.er I am:, when tin |siii
 of the lory alluded tt aie in tie clec tio-| osiliic
 state, In wtver cisaiiangct there is gti umi to licit
 lot a cure.
 Had in t the results if past yrais’ practici
 alieai'y convinced the 1 lie of tl e ritleiy «t tiutli-
 I fulness of the linnples I y whrth the undersigned i«
 a* veined, iii i etedu-g the syii.{ toms and rhaiartrr
 f distate, and pinctisng the tint, the leient scun-
 I .rifle* denuaistiatn n of their ci nectness, ly I rofessor
 j Means and Mi. llemmci, could nut tail to convince
 the most ii*cre&lt; ul- us.
 Oiatefully af|ieriating the credit so genetoerh
 awan ed loi Ins success as a Hydit yathre tiacti
 i t“ uer, ly a i mreinii-jj pblir, and the gratuuc
 I evmrcd I y these win in lie his had the pleasure to
 j relit ve ct their e« u p hints, the nni ei signet) mil
 assiduously eudeuv* rto sustain the etet it,and u.c-sit
 ti:at gintiuicfc, in tl:e caw of «*vci\ invalid wbv nu,v
 I uoiiiti Ijivn an ij oitiiiiily to etiert a cure, by Ins
 oi tun a! and j iitlost .'teal u.ethotl ifpiartice.
 The Amtham; ton M iter t me is leasamlv situ
 j ••ted near Bemmiiville, on the west hank of I.irkint
 Water, &lt;r .Mill Km i aUut two and a hail milrs
 fun) the rentie of the town. It is couveuimdv
 j iiitangei', with separate paikrs, lathing and dress*
 o'g-iot.ios, lot l-Hi ies and Gentlemen, well tenitl*
 ud and conveniently tin wished lodging looms, and
 a variety of laths, auj plieef with water, which, for
 at urH.auee, polity, and a a| tedness to wafer •cure
 ni| i is nnsmpassed ly that of any oilier cita-
 I hshment in this ecuntry. The scene.y in if.is
 vicinity is picture? qttc and romantic. There area
 variety of pleasant walks, jufticiently retired, to
 -.lh,w water-cure p; tients to a| pear as' they sh« aid,
 f M"v ‘-'ts-ed, enjoying their rumbles withvut
 eti g exposed to j ul lie g.ue or ohservation.
 Annng tlic Cuin|;luints *\hicli an* «Murr**ful)y
 treat* are heru'adie, tern eney of Uootl to the head,
 cold extremities, gene,al and nervous debility, fcmn
 e-h'tis, j uiiiM.ti.it affection, liver complaint, jaun-
 I.HC, an.**.; or chronic i.ifhiii;matioii ot the bowel*
 p.les, yspcpsui, geueial debility, nervous and spinal
 i iflniiijiEitt -r\ anil chio-iic »liFitinutijffn,
 etalgia, sciatica, hune limbs, p iraKsis, levers, salt
 therm, sivohttms un-l cr* -jp* Ls h' inc.is.
 Ai! pati-iTs aim vi»it this t it.ildndunent fora
 eorise t f,trevtr.ieut, -h *uM fn id. Utcinselves aid.
 three comfoitahles, tmee w -olier, blankets, one or
 two I.lien .uni lhtee cotton simet.-f, two pillow cues,
 six or eight crash towels, some well worn linen, to
 cut |.*r fomentations, an old cloak or mantle, an usn
 oi el.a, and a pair of slippers.
 Terms fur treatment and Imard are $5 50 to
 o 50 per week, payable weekly washing extra.
 A patient who from choice or the character of his
 complaint, occupies a room alone on the third fW,
 vvt!! pay f 81)0 per week—on the fust and scc-ixi
 Itoors, pB,yo per week. Patients requiiing extra
 attention or fire in tlieir rooms, (except lor smith
 '"S purposes,) w ill furnish their ow n nurses ami fuel,
 or pay ail extra price.
 D HIGGLES.
 Northampton, March 1848.
 .\.f*. isitors to the Establishment, from the
 east, west, or south, ran take the ears of the Conn
 Kiver Kailroad at Springfield. Carnages wilk
 always lx- in readiness at the Amthaiuploudepot, ts
 convey them hither.
 _ Ibe hitman bloorf, In a normal and healthy con
 dition of the'.human systein, is in a positive r tst«,
 which i» constantly maiiitiiined bv tin, activity of Has
 generating sourns within—an excess generally
 tng.dl in -i ence from the cuticular surface so test
 out of 356 experiments made Ly Mr. Henm.er of
 r.ngiun* upon the uncovered skin,” 322 imlicattd
 the prr« nre of po*.tive electricity. This su. T Iu»«
 of the fuid up..n the surface, we lielieve to ht i.sfts
 pcmAl le to the healthful com it.on of die wliols
 ammal ecorwm.y, and that when, from any cause, is
 re diminished ,-r ceases diseased anion ensues.”
 G«*. .h rcss.ilelivered before die Me...cal College of
 B IFLI?' T a Of 2 o,n K f a **”«»*l session/So*-
 Mn .fo y A&gt;, a, I'rofcss-r of
 LiK'inisti v and 1 harmaey, ami P,oles w -r of Physical
 ‘CH-e f '‘x&gt;ry College, Ga.. 2%
ATHOL WATER ([RE,
 rnr Subscriber legs leave to call t' r attention
 «td#, **p*ri»lfy these suffering from
 MaUabaeil
 dth-d, &gt;1,»?».
 tlio h use wai opened for the of patients
 season, and n is Udieved often excellent focili-
 for a pb-fosophic a:hl tiiorough o&lt;ui «c jjk hydro
 pathv. 'f he supply of water is abundant, and in
 purity ha* been pronounced equal to water on
 distilled.” t lie location i* &lt;|uitc el.gil.fe, being hot
 a short distance from the V. &amp;M. tatliood. The
 vicinity aUjun s in a vanity of eceoety. and lias
 charming jrueali ft r walks ami ramides. So that
 w ith tint w.iu-t, *ui aide teg men, m ountain air, and
 exercise, patients can scarcely fait to oLlaiu tbs
 healthful results for which they labor,
 Ihe following case illustrates this remark. Mrs-
 B m wit's of Uea. 8., of Warwick, Maas., agsd
 afomt Unity-five years, was brought to roe lasi
 l gust. Her caw presented the following phew
 t If placed erect poeilion, mad Irlt ea
 •Uf porte!, .lie &gt;*u,w,th fch backward to Use
 ground. (I Uu.g wed supported, ,hc wai*
 effort to walk. either foot. whe.» &lt;uf n l,
 Semite her eftyru to the contrary, would cross tie
 Oiur. Sire foal leer, i« tins common neatly
 &gt;ear. Her trfttme it commenced the 16th 4
 ami was continued te the 29th Oct. on*, whrs *M
 left, so far recovered as to U able to 'w*A hah
 m.fo wit saw. Since her return to her fata*. .ha
 bas cuntMue 1 her Iv.ths, with Corresponds; we
 pr -vtioem to her health, She now auem*» I* t**r
 ••mesne uties, tni with the assistance of a waafi
 *.ri, does the w. f k «f her family.
 ranenu are (ksitel to bring three cooifortafoaa*
 SUr »oo!fon b’ankeu, one pair of sheeta,
 half a down towels marked, with old b«a
 ages.
 Tanas, from fire to ton dollars per week, a***"*'
 t»C to the necessities or choice of the pan****,
 i hone who are I particular u&gt; the »electio* a*
 ro-inu.or are wjJling to occupy them in cuafa*
 with &lt;4here, will he charged lass. m
 Athol. Marcp, 164&amp; GEORGE HOTT.
THE DELAWARE ABOLITIONIST
 A PAPER of the above name will be «tbbme»
 A Wtlasogtua, by the Delaware
 Society. It will be sditnd by a Committee, aad"j*
 be published on a half me dwa sheet, at twenty**
 oante pe year, or for twenty -four uuiwbere. U wtw»
 &lt;la voted to emancipation m Data we. e, and wifi am
 vacua its axoaisbtbmeat by all huvM wmm&gt;
 wifi be leat-ttoatiibe t
 fiwis 4, ex u cmz u the sums* ass hMfS*y
 JAfifER
