FREDERICK DOUG LABS*,
 M R. DF.LANY, E,U,OM
YOL. I. NO. 38.
The NORTH STAR pnbli-hcd erery
 Friday, at No. 13, Buffalo Hirer*,
 Opp-mf' iKt
 tkhßh.
 T wo dollar* per sn.ium.
 mAmxipU* will la received for -W&gt;
 «ix month*. i
 Advertiaenteats not eweedinj Hbw
 three time* U one d-dUr; ererv m.b*H,or„t HiSer
 tion, twenly*fire cent*.
 ~TnEobject of the North Star will be to attack
 .Sutim in .11 iu fono. a«*J
 L*ivk«*al EeancifATios; exalt the staulai.i
 ♦f Pc.Lie MoitALirr; proin«&gt;Ui the moral anJ m
 -ilc taal improvement of tiie Colored I’loplk
 M 1 tauten the d.y of FREEDOM u&gt; the Turk..
 Millions of oor En*l*ved Fellow Coin
 r«T«E*.
 PUBLISHER’S NOTICES.
 try All c.m.ntrdcation* reUtinz t&lt;* the bwnnr*
 muter, of the jwper, of mtmnfrr*, remit-
 Uiicca, 4t&lt;thouU t* »ddre**ed to Joh&gt; Due,
 Publisher.
 frt- .VzeaU, an.l all others .ending name*, arc
 located to tie accurate, an 1 give the I
 be Cnrefy, and the Mate. Each S..brcr.*.r is im
 mediately credited f* m .netr received.
 fry A IV per* &gt;n sending in tlie payment for 1 &lt;ui
 •uljocnberi, to lie forwarded to one a I ires*, mat
 have a fifth cosy f&gt;r one year.
 Jf&gt;- All litter* and communication* must I*" 1
 paid.
 LIST OF ACiENTS.
 M A»*ACHU»KTTS. —K. F. W'al' Utt, 21, Coruli.il,
 Boiton; Nathan Johi.ton, New Red! ad; II latio VV
 -Foster, Lowell; Ja ne* -V. linhnm, Uvnn; George
 Evans, Worcester Rom ne ,oner, I U
 tC.tarles 11. S.-tli, Spn Davi..
 irtlia.njiton; 11. Carpe iter, 'pt m.
 Mat!**:. —Oliver Dennett, I irtla i!.
 V. Rtntr. iliwlanl T. llihi'iso.i, V.rt.iJ- rr
 riehurg. _
 Co.v.v s.ctiCUT. —Jonathan L nar 1, New Haven
 \£,v i| v tHmitit;. —We.ue Tappan, Hit. ;foiff.
 xf Vobk. S&gt; Iney H. &lt;«av, 1 *2, Nassau
 &lt;treet: James M *i'i Smith. 93, West llron I way;
 Post, \Wsdjiirv, Ci'teen CJountv; Mary Har
 r, Allnnv; Elia- l) .'tv, Mace Ion; Willetts Kecse,
 I'vri, till ii &gt;n U«»»xl\ William S. llaltim .re, fm\
 I. F. Platt, Pen. Van; J. Je.Vrey, Geneva; E. L.
 PUtt, Rath,
 RunttK IsLXJfU,.—Amaraocv l'ainc, Providence.
 Penn?ylvaxt t.—J■ M. M r l\im,3l, North F iftli
 Street, Philadelphia; G. W. tioines, 8, Ex.liaage
 Place, Ditto; 11. Bown, Pittsburgh; Win. Whipper,
 Columbia; Isaac Roberts, Jacob L. Paxon, Norris
 town, Montgomery Couuty, Milo A. lownseud,
 N «wr Brighton.
 Ohio. —Christian Donaldson, Cincinnati; Hi
 ■on and Gaines, Ditto; Valentine Ni liols .n, Ilar
 vevslnirgli, Warren Co.; Samuel llrooke, Salem.
 Michigan.—Rnltert Hanks, Detroit.
 Indiana.—Joel P. Davis, Economy, Wayne Co.
Selections.
(Bv M. de LtMAitTi.vr.)
 THE POLITY OF REASON.
 TO THE DIRECTORS OF Til F. RI.VIE EURO
 I’ K V. S' X K.
 CHAPTER IX.
 The form of modern governments is
 not submitted to discussion —all admit
 it, or all bow to it; it is giv- n us by the
 very fact of our civilization: it is the
 free form, the critical government of
 discussion, of common consent: it is
 the republic, as we have seen before,
 but the mixed republic with many
 bodies, with one sole head; republic at
 its base, monarchy at its summit. The
 need of unity in action, and of a more
 rapid and intense regulating power, in
 our vast modern states, the necessity o(
 avoiding the frequent commotions that
 the conquest of the supreme power
 would produce in the State, lias made
 us for a long period, consecrate this
 fictitious and conventional royalty in an
 hereditary chief. Call him President,
 or call him King, it matters little; he i&lt;
 no monarch, he has no sole, no person
 al power: he lias a better—he has the
 social power centred in him; he is
 organ and agent; he is no more, he can
 no more be the source and principle ol
 authority. His rights over us, our du
 ties towards him, thus change natures
 and titles: we no longer adore power a?
 aucred and divine; we discuss it as
 logic, we respect it as law!
 This accepted form—and we niusl
 accept it or quit the world, or retro
 grade in time, or revolt against civili
 zation itself, and curse our own light:
 in order to take refuge under the shad
 ow of other’s rights, in slavery!—thi?
 form, then, accepted, all which wil
 tend to perfect and extend it, all dial
 shall b e more confirmable »its nature,
 whether liberty, discussion, common
 consent, suffrage, equality of s icial and
 private rights, will be true policy. It
 is then we shall have to march onwards
 with confidence and courage, sure that
 the more we have conquered conse
 quences ot a just and true principle,
 Xhe more those consequences will pro
 duce others, and the more fruit these
 prolific social truths will produce to hu
 manity.
 Apply this intellectual rule to the fla
 grant questions of the day, ami confront
 them!
 The Peerage, or hereditary aristo
 cratic power? triple impossibility of
 this epoch! impossible to find—for the
 time and labor of ages have ruined,
 dispersed, ground up, levelled its ele
 ments; impossible to be made accepta
 ble to manners, for the human mind,
 like the material globe, by an obvious
 faw ot nature, tends to levelling, that is
 to say, to the equal repartition of poli
 tical rights utni duties; impossible to
 justify before reason, for it is an exclu
 sion m the lorm of liberty, a gratuitous
 privilege m an of equality, a con
 stituting of social power into some fa
 milies, to the profit of some, to the de
 triment of all, a„ d n contempt of na
 ture and the divme right of mankind,
 which give to ail the right and sue
 cetsive capacity Or ,t. Condcnncd by
 juat.ee and m .rainy, which desire to
 extend, in (dace of restraining the use
 of what belongs to all men—right and
 duty; condemned by reason, s mc e it
 would be a constituted impossibility, a
 creation without elements; condemned
 by conscience, for it would be ravish
 from all, what all should possess and
 exercise, in order to invest a small
 number with it! Posthumous tyranny,
 which could neither serve nor hurt;
 which could not maintain itself t«. n
 years before the corrosive and rational
 criticism of the press, that new jury of
 humanity; tad which would only rue a
THE NORTH STAR.
moment from the arid dust of ages tc
 alarm the present, by a shadow withou
 Hubetance, mid serve tor a laughing
 stock to the future.
 Do not see in this more than a lons
 and profound conviction of the impossi
 bilitv of finding or creating an heredi
 tary peerage, a real aristocracy, a no
 bilitv of right. As for an aristocracy
 in fact, real, hut tnoveable, like the
 (mwer, merit.or virtue which produce it,
 —as for that nobility which Hod write*
 on the brow of a great man’s descend
 ants, or of a benefactor of men, and
 which the generations read theer de
 i spite themselves —so long as that no
 bility is not "1 itself effaced, I acknowl
 edge and re-pect it. It is not man who
 has made that, it is Nature; it has its
 reason in human refr on. for we are in
 reality a portion, an emanation, a con
 tinuation of our ancestors: it has, too,
 its empire and its influence, itidepend
 -1 ent of all political laws. The name ol
 a virtuous or illu-Uri us man, borne by
 bis descendants, preserved to bis tanii
 lv, is not that a privilege, think you?—
 Yes, undoubtedly, and the most indeli
 ble and incontestable of privileges.—
 Then why respect it? Because it id
 one of Nature’s, n .t man’s privileges;
 because it is not exclusively anybody’s;
 because it may successively, or at
 the same time, belong to all! Be great,
 virtuous, illustrious, and your sons will
 be respected and influential! They will
 bear the stamp of that virtue, ol that
 illustrious character you bequeathed
 them; they will be nobles of that nobil
 ity which is not a right, but which is a
 fact; esteem, admiration, gratitude.
 Tiie Press? Necessarily free, foi
 it is the voice of all, in an age, and ir
 u social form, wherein all have the
 right' of being heard; it is the very
 speech of modern society; its silence
 would be the death of liberty! Any
 tyranny that meditates the murder o
 an idea, commences by gagging the
 i press. All our political paities have
 j triumphed by it and have fallen by it
 i after having turned against it. All ac
 cuse it, and all have cause to complait
 of it; for none of these parties have
 taken the only means to brave and t&lt;
 conquer it—that of being always in the
 right. The press, after a thousand vi
 j cissitudes, after passing like* a weapon
 sometimes murderous, sometime defen
 i sive, from the conqueror to the con
 quered, from the oppressor to the op
 pressed, will finish by rendering ail de
 ception impossible, all tyranny —of one
 alone, or ot' the multitude—impractica
 ble in the world; and will found what
 wo already catch a glimpse of in the
 far distance, the rational era, or the
 government of public reason! Lot
 victors accuse and pit&gt;scrihe it; let vic
 tims bless and cherish it, it is both tlmir
 parts to do so; for it is divine justice,
 l manifested bv human speech! Un
 ceasingly, with its invisible finger, it
 inscribes on the walls of all Belshaz
 i zars, those three words, which make
 all iniquities, all tyrannies, turn pale
 j in the midst of their glory aud their sat
 ellites.
 1 Edfcation? Finrgo and liberal,
 wide-spreading, multiplied, everywhere
 abounding; aud, in particular, gratu
 itous; whatever the economists, those
 materialists of politics, may sav. He
 who gives a truth to the people’s minds,
 is bestowing au eternal alms on the
 1 generations to come: civilization is only
 light descending from the lulls into the
 valleys, from the high places on the
 masses: a government of discussion, ot
 criticism, of election, presupposes m
 j st met ion and its necessity. If, then,
 liberty be a benefit, and if you wish to
 render man capable of liberty, let him
 be instructed—let him be instructed!—
 i Not as you choose him to be, you sys
 tematic powers, narrow-minded, intol
 erant, often behind your epoch; but as
 lie wishes to he, as his wants or neces
 sities would have him! Do not close,
 (1 not dry up the founts where the
 generations will go to slake their thirst!
 Lft every one drink at the w’aters, and
 drink ins till. All restriction on liberty
 of instruction, beyond that of simple
 police, in a free country, is an attempt
 on the inoral liberty of the human race;
 a crime against the progressive truth
 which manifests itself as it will, when
 it will, in its own day, its hour, its own
 form, its language, by its own and not
 by your organs. If education had on) v
 been free before this epoch of the
 world, the world would now possess a
 treasure of truth and of science which
 would have augmented in equal propor
 tion with its treasure of happiness and
 virtue; for all truth fertilizes virtue by
 its rays! The Divine Word itself,
 Christian truth, the most social of all
 truths, has only been taught in spite
 of men, m the catacombs, upon the
 cross, or at the stake. Had it been
 free, that sublime teaching would, in a
 few uges, have traversed the whole
 earth, which it has nut yet traversed in
 •-.MJiW years.
 The Separation or Church and
 State? Happy and incontestable ne
 cessity of an epoch where the power
 belongs to all and not to some! Incon
 testable, for, under u free and univer
 sal government, a worship cannot be
 exclusive and privileged; happv, be
 cause religion has force, and beauty,
 and virtue, ouly in conscience; it is
 beautiful, it is pure, it is holy, only be
 tween man aud his God. Between the
 faith and the priest, between the priest
 and the faithful, nothing is wanted: if
 the State interposes between man and
 that divine ray which he should seek
 only in heaven, it obscures or alter* it;
 religion then becomes something palpa
 ble and material for man, thrown to or
 withheld from him at the caprice of all
 tyrannies; it partakes of the love or
 the hate which human power inspires,
 varying or falling with it; it is the sa
 cred fira of the altar, kept up with the
 corruptions of courts mid the impurities'
right is of no st;x—truth is of no color— god is the fattier of us all, and all we are brethren.
of public places; it is the word of life
 n a dead mouth; buying and selling in
 the temple! This system makes hypo
 rites when the State is Christian, un
 believers when it is sceptical, Atheists
 'or martyrs when it is persecuting. But
 enough on tiiis subject. A voice is
 suing from the temple, a voice which
 has the double authority of priesthood
 and o c genius, proffers to us every duy
 1 that symbol lor men ot faith and of the
 future. M. de Lamenriais has founded
 his journal on this idea; he has suffi
 cient confidence in truth, to biing it
 face to face with liberty; he thinks that
 God, who has given both, will moke
 them increase and triumph. Murmurs
 are raised against some bitter truths
 that the illustrious writer has Hung,
 without wanfMg. at h&gt; party aud bi.&gt;
 age. Kxaggetatton «oni ludeneaa are
 never justified by the truth, which is
 only moderation and love; but this age
 wants a word forte el dure. We do not
 plant the tree which is to shadow ages,
 without clearing the soil with the iron;
 we do not graft the bough without tear
 ing the bark!
 Election? There is no truth in
 in dern social or representative power,
 unless there be truth in the election;
 and there is no truth in the election un
 less it be universal. However, if you
 give suffrage to classes who compre
 hend it not, or who cannot exercise it
 with independence, you give a mere
 figment; that is to say, you really re
 fuse it. Several opinions, issuing from
 opposite points, and wishing to attain a
 contrary aim, are demanding in con
 cert universal suffrage. One of the two
 parties is assuredly mistaken: for both,
 though demanding the same means, cer
 tainly do not wish the same result. Is
 there light? Is there bona fuies in both
 of these opinions? Necessarily, one or
 other is in error.
 This is the gravest question in the
 organization, at once free and vital,
 w hich this century must establish. We
 would solve it thus: universal suffrage
 to be true, proportional suffrage to be
 just. We have already seen, that an
 hereditary peerage, or a moderate aris
 tocracy, does not, and cannct, exist on
 the levelled soil of the epoch and the
 country. We went farther; —we proved
 that it could not subsist, cither in logic
 or morality. Society, throughout, has
 in effect conservative interests, which
 it has always been an object to consti
 tute or to incorporate into a second
 chamber. When the elements of this
 second chamber are present, it is well;
 but to-day, in France, vjhere these ele
 ments are dissolved, you are invincibly
 led to one sole national representation,
 inasmuch a% a political power should be
 a truth, and can only represent and re
 alize what it is. Whether you make it
 speak at two tribunes or at one, is of
 little moment; your national represent
 ation, necessarily one, should represent
 at once social movement and stability
 —great, middling, and small properties
 —the interests of action and of repose;
 it should represent them in their sincere
 reality, proportion and combination.—
 To attain this vigorous veraciousness, j
 this rigorous justice, there is only one
 means—the proportional suffrage. So
 long as you do not arrive at that easy
 realization, France will neither pro
 gress nor repose; she will be agitated
 without advancing—she will fall, she
 will rise, to fall again.* Proportional
 and universal suffrage—that is to say, a
 suffrage which, starting at the lowest
 steps of civic and landed lights, the
 sole means of establishing the exist
 ence—the rights, and interests, of the
 citizen, will rise by degrees to the most
 elevated steps in the ladder, and will
 cause a real expression of his real po
 litical importance to bo given to every
 one by a vote, in the true measure and
 exact proportion of his social exist
 ence. Perfect veracity, rigorous jus
 tice, complete democracy, and still,
 aristocracy de facto also recognized:
 suffrage in several sca'es al &gt;ne resolves
 this problem. All the political unities
 would have their suffrage in it, eleva
 ting, purifyng, enlightening themselves
 in succession, until the supreme elec
 tion. exact product of the forces, the
 rights and the interests of the time and
 the country. There is only one objec
 tion to this system; the country of to
 day objects to it, because it has once
 made a ridiculous trial of it; and also,
 let us say, because it is not sufficiently
 fond of political truthfulness. But what
 are antipathies, brought face to face
 with truth? The one falls and is blotted
 out, the other increases and survives:
 we s all come to that.
 The Slprp.me Power? It is the
 root of every social question. Once
 the principles admitted and the power
 found, the social form is organized, it I
 lives, it advances, it endures. To find
 power iu the tuins ot a political convul
 sion. which has created and destroyed
 so much during a half century; before
 that new immense, incalculable force,
 ever young, ever agitating—the press
 —before opinions, divergeut, fiery, sus
 ceptible, irritated, often iniquitous, de
 manding justice and strength, und re
 fusing respect aud assistance: before
 the enmities of a party which wishes no
 power, and the jealousies of two other
 parties who wish it not, unless on con
 dition of its belonging to them intact:!
 to take root where no soil is, exposed to
 the wind of every storm:—indissoluble
 problem!
 The actual power,* with the appear
 ances of usurpation, is aot, however,
 born of itself, but of the faults and ca-
 larnitics of others: all that is replaced
 is not usurped. Springing forth as a
 necessary dictatorship, more against
 insurrection than through it; improvi
 satory fortress between the Republic
 and despotism, between civil war and
 anarchy, between the shook, but for it,
 n» Os ussiaial sf Usds Tblliy|&gt;
ROCHESTER, N. Y., FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 15, 1848.
inevitable between Europe threatening
 and France defence lees: *t seems tr
 have in itself all the conditions of a long
 dictatorship, rather than the condition*
 of a peculiar and definitive existence
 Instantaneousness, necessity, burro wee
 and conventional strength, cominou
 shelter in the tempest, neutral grouuc
 where all parties meet, but where nont
 settles, save on conditions. Since dic
 tatorship is its nature, it has but one
 means of living, of acting, of moving
 —that is as dictatorship, otherwise it is
 condemned to tyranny or inaction: ty
 ranny is obnoxious to it, and inaction is
 death. Flinching, if it rest on aughl
 but itself, it tails; lame, if it rest upon
 more than one party, it cannot take a
 step: its mission was to found and tc
 organize a free aud it can
 not be free gorertuiieot, it it do nut
 belong equally to all parties, if it be
 comes the organ and the agent of ty
 ranny, for any one over another.—
 Forced thus to get itself sanctioned by
 the reason of all; to be legitimatized at
 all events temporarily for all: by the
 very law that has created it, by the
 necessity of its dictatorial existence, by
 the breadth and sincerity of the future
 institutions it is called to preside over,
 by the confidence and gratitude it
 should know how to inspire the nation
 with, it ought every day, at every hour,
 generously submit itself to inquiry:
 none will then refuse it strength, none
 will dispute the period with it. It has
 years in store: the question of a dy
 nasty and a prison is nothing before the
 future, before the immense social ques
 tion! And when its work is accom
 plished—when opinions and facts shall
 have pronounced the judgment of God;
 whether it be established for ages,
 whether it be effaced and retire before
 another moral necessity, its share iu
 posterity will still be great. Type ol
 national order, dictatorship of the age,
 if it do not attach a throne to a family,
 it will have given its name to the insti
 tutions of the modern epoch. To found
 an era of liberty and justice, to organ
 ize a new social principle, is finer in
 the eyes of the future than to inherit a
 throne, and to establish a dynasty! T
 Government? It has not hitherto
 fully comprehended either its basis, its
 mission, or its path. Three ministers
 have been appointed: the first saw in
 the catastrophe of July a dynastic ac
 cident only, of which the progressive
 spirit of the epoch would take no ac
 count: he thought he saw in it only men
 to be changed, ciphers to be expunged,
 escutcheons to be remodeled. Men of
 merit, talent, and light, for fifteen years
 of opposition, were taken unawares by
 this great day: their system all made,
 waa nst cut to ttae fttefcon of the age:
 they have become great since their faff,
 by eloquence and energy. The second
 sought for unpopularity wild beast,
 which caresses you so long as you have
 men or principles to toss to it: that
 minister fell powerless before that popu
 larity, which was commencing to roar:
 he made a generous movement against
 it the day of the trial of Charles
 the Tenth’s ministers, he offered his life
 for theirs. That day does honor to him,
 as he d ies lion r to France.
 The third comprehended the Euro
 pean crisis, foreign affairs, wonderfully;
 in making treaties, those written ethics
 of nations, respected, he prevented uni
 versal war. To whomsoever that knotvs
 the actual condition of Europe, univer
 sal war is the final European cataclysm.
 He who shall throw open the folds of its
 cloak, will assume the responsibility of
 an age of chaos, of murder, of blood,
 and servitude; he will do what Belgium
 and Holland would do were they to
 overthrow their dvkes, and to open a
 way to the ocean; nationalities and in
 dividuals, liberties and principles,friends
 and enemies—everything would be en
 gulphed.
 Now there was no sufficient need to
 rush on these terrible risks. Belgium
 was constituted more for than against
 us; she is a dismantled and half en
 feebled frontier of Europe. As to Po
 land—sublime resurrection of a nation
 ality which cSnnot be extinguished,
 tardy but heroic protestation of right
 sacrificed by Europe —France, shame
 ful accomplice in her severance at an
 other epoch; France, which has no
 booty, but only blood to render back,
 bad doubtless the right to recognize tbe
 fact of her resurrection, for it is always
 allowable to live again; the date of a
 political crime does not constitute a
 right against the victim. T here is no
 prescription against a people who will
 and can rise from their sepulchre; but
 if France had this right of acknowledg
 ment and succor, sho had also the right
 and the duty to bide her own time!—
 Her national sympathy for Polish hero-*
 ism did not impose on her government
 the necessity, probably inopportune, of
 blindly precipitating her into the chan
 ces of an universal collision. Govern
 ments are the tutors of the people, the
 tutors of Europe; in that capacity they
 may have to resist even the most gen
 erous of the passions—enthusiasm and
 nity; even, too, while sharing in them
 as men. Was tbe hour chosen by Po
 land convenient for France, scarcely
 reorganized r or for her government,
 trembling to move on a basis not estab
 lished? That is tbe question. We
 cannot answer it. The government
 alone has the elements of iu determi
 nation, as it would alone support the
 future responsibility of it. Right is a
 great power; admiration and pity are
 puissant auxiffisries. Wars of senti
 ment are the finest and mo* heroic;
 witness the Crusades, la Vendee, and
 Spam. We a people rise
 sgam with leaa lively sympathy, and
 lees courageous imprudence. But,
 placing ourselves is the point of view
 &gt;f July, and in the hypothesis of the
 f Propbeoc 1&gt; snsfki rf d»ku rfhw
actual gorertiment, Poland, perhaps
 made a bad choice of her day; a yea
 sooeer, three years later, she wouh
 have been aided by Europe, and havt
 triumphed. The Massacre of Warsaw
 end tnc assassination of the generals
 betray, even in this revolution, tba
 Hideous hand of blind and sanguinary
 demagoguism that defiles all it touches
 From the day on which crime shows it
 self in a popular cause, the cause per
 ishes: that infernal genius, that Me
 phistopheles of liberty, dis honors hero
 ism, and discourages liberty itself.
 The actual ministry brought into pla;
 ft fine character, a man ot* heart, o
 conscience, of talent;-a man who know
 how- to brave the tempast, and to hob
 firm to a principle; but he chooses hi:
 men by chance. -Foreign affairs, s&lt;
 well grasped by hidki show, that be cat
 see what is palpable, what is under hi:
 eyes: the interior —above all, the aristo
 cratic question, so iff analyzed, so bad
 ly engaged—shows that he has not hor
 izon enough in his mind. We pity him
 but we honor him, and we regret tha
 so fine a courage and so firm a con
 viction are not fighting on a greatei
 field.
 Legislation? .Particularly crimina
 legislation—to be entirely remad n&lt;
 longer on the principles of tbe Pagai
 codes—principles of vengeance and re
 taliation; but on that of the Gospel, oi
 a Christian base; the spirit of justice
 but of mildness, charity, indulgence
 repentance, purification, and not o
 vengeance and death: above all, t&lt;
 strike out the punishment of death,
 do not think, with some who wish t&lt;
 banish it from our codes, that societj
 has not the right of death, because i
 cannot confer life: the existence of so
 ciety being necessary, society has al
 the rights necessary to that existence
 But that brutal law of retaliation —just
 so long as society was weak and im
 perfectly constituted, and when an evi
 dent, prompt, instantaneous vengeanci
 was needed—has now survived its ne
 cessity. Not only does it seem to mi
 no longer necessary, but hurtful tc
 modern society; it does not rendei
 crime and the criminal less frequent
 but it renders them more ferocious. A
 bloody legislation renders manners
 bloody; a mild legislation tempers ant
 softens them. Fear is not a virtue.—
 Christian legislation wishes virtues,anc
 leaves terror to crime. Let us havt
 the courage, at least, to try this
 pression of blood iu our laws, and t&lt;
 offer, even imprudently, that subiimi
 and generous challenge to Providence
 to mankind, to the future!
 But you will say to me here, *‘Wha
 is tq be the bridle iu your logic? Ii
 what proportion, in what measure, wil
 the legislature, the people itself, leavi
 to future generations, the liberties ant
 institutions of which you have jus
 been admitting the necessity or con
 venience? W here will your family
 your communal, your provincial, youi
 national rights and liberties, stop?”—
 T hey will stop where public reason anc
 conscience show their abuse or excess;
 they will extend in the proportion and
 the measures of the country and the
 time; public reason and conscience
 show their abuse and excess; they will
 extend in the proportion and the mea
 sure of the morals of the country and
 the time; public reason and conscience
 cannot be deceived long; they have
 only to confront them with morals.—
 Morals, in effect, are the anly basis,
 the indispensable condition of the laws:
 a strict proportion is necessary be
 tween the one and the other; and so
 soon as this proportion is violated—so
 soon as this harmony fails, legislation
 will be abortive; it will bear no fruits,
 or bear only fatal ones. This miscon
 struction, this antagonism of laws and
 morals, of Spartan severity and Sybar
 ite effeminacy, kills a people. Exami
 nation, reason, experience, and con
 science, are here to declare, bona fide
 what is instantly possible with us, or
 what is only attainable with the aid of
 habits, progress and time; the press
 and speech, free, are there in
 their place, carrying incessantly all
 these questions before the national
 grand jury—before opinion which pro
 nounces, but not without appeal, in a
 system of majority. Nay, more; when
 a liberty is ripe, it will fall of course
 from the tree, with a puff of popular
 wind, upon a soil prepared to re
 ceive it.
 Here you will be astonished, perhaps,
 not to hear ine condemn more that
 which we caff Centralization, the com
 mon abuse against which all parties
 rise in concert, because all seek to de
 stroy, none to establish; not to see me,
 in mv turn, dislocate some member of
 the national union. God and common
 sense preserve me from buying popu
 larity at such a price! To ask political
 liberty, deliberative and elective, for
 all opinions, for all interests, for all lo
 calities, is in effect to destroy what
 ought to be destroyed—political cen
 tralization, the oppressive influence of
 a capital, of a party, of a class, of a
 man; the monopoly of liberty, in short,
 despotism. Such is the right tendency
 of a liberal and enlightened mind; Ibis
 is tbe work of tbe day, and of the age;
 but to destroy administrative and exec
 utive centralization, to drive life and
 thought back into the members, instead
 of placing them strong and full in the
 bead of tbe state, to break tbe ix-cc*-
 iary #es of power mod action, to re
 mote of France, so strong, because
 the ismm, a provincial federation,weak,
 crippled, disjointed, and vacillating,
 xfter time and the genius of civilization
 isve been wasted in making of these
 incoherent parties a grand and vigorous
 lational onion—that would be the wi«h
 yf folly, or it would be the cry of de
 ipair.
 Administrative centralizati n, medi
 ated bp all mt aNNurchical «tau«aca,
operated after all by the constituent
 Assembly, ia the only monument that
 the revolution founded nth all the rum?
 it made! That intensity of strength, in
 that uniformity of action, which enable?
 social thought, once freely conceivcc
 and become law, to be executed at thi
 same moment with celerity, regularity,
 control, and uniformity, in all th*
 spheres of the administration of a vast
 State, is the unity of those great bodies
 j which we caff a nation! If you destroy
 it, they perish, or that unity recon
 structs itself in spite of you, for it h
 i their life, and the dissolution of this
 unity, or of this centralization, is death!
 Let the soul of the social body, that
 is to say, political thought and action,
 be free, expansive, able to prove them
 selves speaking and acting everywhere;
 let them be no more enchained, as they
 have been hitherto, to .ne caprice of a
 tyrannical bureaucracy, to the delirium
 of a capital in revolt, sport of a tribune
 'or of a faction; let them have their
 power and their point of support in
 themselves and upon themselves—upon
 the powers, the interests, the opinions,
 of communes, aad of prov inces! but let
 the natiou&amp;l administration be one!—
 one in its form, one in its action. Let
 all the strings of the governmental ma
 chine act on a single centre, where
 they receive impulse, power and regu
 larity! The relative power of nation!;
 lies entirely in the perfection of this
 i system of unity or centralization; the
 I first duty of nations is to live, is to re
 main independent; and to remain inde
 pendent, they have but one way—to be
 strong: to centralize administrative ac
 j tion is not progress; it is decline.
STATISTICS OF TIIE WAR.
 We take this appalling account ol
 the awful mortality in Mexico by war
 and pestilence, from the New Orleans
 Bulletin of the 21st ult.
 The whole number of Americans
 that were killed in the recent war, in
 eluding the line of the Rio Grande and
 j that of Vera Cruz, is estimated at 201)0
 1 and the wounded nt 4001). It is impos
 sible to say how many of the latter have
 died in consequence of their wounds,
 but we should suppose not less than
 one fourth, say 1000, making in all 3t)00
 deaths from battle.
 This, however, bears but a small pro
 portion to the number who have sunk
 under disease.
 We state under the authority of sev
 eral officers of rank, that on the left
 flank of the Castle ofPerote, there are
 2000 American graves, all victims ot
 disease.
 A still larger nurtiber perished at the
 Capital—the deaths tbare for a consid
 erable time were one thousand month
 ly, und we learn that at no time did
 they fall below from 3 to 400.
 The first Mississippi regiment that
 went out to the Rio Grande buried 135
 on the banks of that river before it ever
 went into battle, and finally brought
 back less than one third of its number.
 They suffered dreadfully at Buena
 Vista.
 The first and second Pennsylvania
 regiments, recently returned, went out
 1800 strong (900 each,) they brought
 home about 000 of their original num
 ber—about 220 fell in battle, nearly
 400 died, and about 00J were discharg
 ed as unfit for duty—how many of the
 latter have since died is of course un
 known.
 The third and fourth Tennessee reg
 iments, also recently returned, lost 300
 by death—neither of these regiments
 have been in action.
 Capt Taylor, of Pennsylvania, took
 down a company of 104 men; he brought
 back seventeen—he entered the battle
 of Contreras with 33 men, he brought
 19 out of it.
 The most frightful instance of mor
 tality, however, that we have heard of,
 was in that gallant corps, the Georgia
 battalion, commanded by a gallant and
 accomplished officer, Col. Seymour.
 They were considered acclimated,
 and actually suffered much less while
 in the lower country than when march
 ed into the interior on high land. The
 battalion went to Mexico 419 strong; i
 about 220 actually died; a large num
 ber were discharged with broken down
 and ruined constitutions; and many of
 them, no doubt, have since gone to their
 graves; and the battalion was reduced
 to thirty-four men fit for duty! On one
 parade, when a certain company was
 called, that had mustered upwards of.
 one hundred rnen, a single private an
 swered to tbe call, and was its sole living
 representative! The captain, the three j
 lieutenants, the four sergeants, and the
 four corporals (every commissioned
 and non-conirai*»ioced officer; were
 dead!
 We have heard from officers of nianj
 other regiments, detail* very similar to
 those we have given above, which may i
 be taken as about the fair average j
 haises for all the volunteer regiments.,
 The regulars did not suffer to the same
 extent.
 Such is war! And such are the re
 sults over which we are called upon to
 rejoice!
 HarriNEss or W’as.— A letter fro re
 Vera Cruz says, The shells from out
 mortars, bursting in every direction,
 scattered death and destruction within
 the city; and it m fair to presume tha*
 tbe round shot from oor batternes had
 an equally happy effect.
 Maxims,—A poor mechanic will tw
 a poor man.
 To postpone doing right is equivalent
 to d oing wrong.
 Intelligence to plan, Industry to exe
 cute, and economy preserved, prosper i
 ty follows.
 Ignoranee, idleness ond woste, or*
 followed close in rwar by distress, pou-
 Mty sad *td
JOHN DICK, Pssmasa
WHOLE NO—3B.
THE CHOCTAW XATtOX.
 The (?hoet»w Nation of Indians now
 j 2°,000 souls, the majority
 fwh. m emigrated to the westward of
 the state of Mississippi in 1840. The
 I remainder have since been following,
 i l,ll ,low ihe whole tribe except 3.000 or
 4,000. are permanently located in th«
 teritory apportioned them bv «&gt;ur Gov
 ernment, between the Red and Arkan
 sas Rivers, west of the State of Arkan
 sas. Here, ocupying about 16,500
 square miles of aiable land, diversified
 in surface, and enjoying a salubrious
 climate, thier numbers are increasing/
 Their Government is thoroughly Re
 i publican, being modelled ofter ours and
 strictly local!’ Their constitution ia of
 their framing, and their laws of their
 own enactment, ami under them the
 penalties of their violation are enforced/
 This healthful state of affairs has
 been brought about mainly through the
 instrumentality- if northern Christains
 i laboring among them, and chiefly con
 nected with the American Board of mis
 sions. For thirty years, Messrs.
 Dwight, Kingsbury, Byington. aud
 j Hotchkins have been among them, and
 with such results, that it is not extrav
 gance to say that these Indians exceed
 the surrounding whites in morality, in
 telligence, and skill in the mechanical
 arts. The Choctaws are chiefly en
 gaged in growing wool and the culture
 of cotton, which they manufacture into
 fabiics suitable for apparel. There are
 six missionary stations among them,
 having under their supervision ten large
 boarding-schools, and three academies
 (five ol the former female) in each of
 which from 40 to 100 young persons are
 preparing for usefulness. Six are study
 ing theology. These institutions are
 supported at an annual expense of
 000 w hich is the product of a National
 School Fund, made up from the an
 nuities received from the United States,
 f&gt;r nearly *2O years past, but shortly to
 be discontinued.
 The publication of a newspaper is nowr
 contemplated, and Mr. Dwight and Mr.
 Wright (one of the tribe) are at present
 in this Cit y, for the purpose of transla
 ting the New’ Testament into the Choc
 taw language. Several of our stan
 dard works are already issued in that
 language. The Testament is advanced
 near to cornbletion at the American Bi
 ble Society’s house.— Journal of Com.
 This Dead Sea Expedition.—Wo
 i are pleased to learn from private letters
 that the Dead Sea exploring party have
 successfully and satisfactorily comple
 ted thier task, and returned to Jerusa
 lem, where they were the 19th of May.
 They have sounded the sea in all it*
 parts, to the depth of *RIU fathoms, and
 found the bottom crusted with crystal
 led salt. The pestilential efforts attri
 buted to the waters turn out to be fab
 ulous. Ducks were seen skimming over
 the surface, and partridges abounded
 along the shore. The party were upon
 the sea in their boats; or encamped
 on its borders for some two months, and
 their researches and estimates have
 been of the most thorough and interest
 ing character. All were in excellent
 health and spirits, no sickness nor ac
 cident having occurred. By the Aiabs
 they had been received and uniform
 ly treated with the utmost kindness
 and attention. 7’he Syrians consider
 the men of Jordan, as they call them,
 the greatest heroes of the day. Lieu
 tenants Lynch and Dale will visit under
 the most favorable auspices all the pla
 ces made memorable in sacred history;
 and we nfay expect from them a highly
 interesting account of their exploration*
 of the Dead Sea and their adventures in
 the Holy Land.— Trawurxpt.
 Mail Robbers.—There arc many
 robberies committed upon the mail,
 which are never known, for the De
 partment has a rule, a mistaken one we
 think, to ke p them from the public.—
 Wc learn that since the first of Janu
 ary, the insurance office in our city has
 paid for three packages of money re
 mitted by mail at ditfeient time* by our
 brokers, which must have been stolen
 from some of the post offices, as there
 have been no public robberies of the
 mail; and one instance of four letters,
 each containing money, weie put in
 post office at the same time by one of
 our brokers, two of which were ac
 knowledged as having been received,
 the other two never came to hand.
 In consequence of the above losses,
 an insurance agency in this city de
 clines taking risks on bank note* by
 mail, against private robbeties, but will
 continue to insure against fire and
 public robberies.” The Department at
 Washington has been informed of the
 depredations.— Mistouri Rep.
 Hindoo BirrisM.—The baptismal
 admonition of the Hindoo* is as impres
 sive on the bystanders as it u beautiful
 Little Labe, thou entered*! the world
 weeping while ail around you sunled;
 contrive so to live thst you may dt part
 in smiles, whilst all around you are
 weeping.”
 How to Sfoil a Guild.—Above
 all mistakes, is that of sujmosing that
 the better nature of the fluid is to be
 drawn out and raided into strength,
 which we should drsire to see in the
 man, by making fun to pase through a
 cold and cbeeile** jouih. A system
 of pettv restraints, or privations, of se
 vere looks and incessant chiding, only
 results in depraving the feelings and
 oerverting the reason of a young per
 son. He ia, under such circumstances,
 entire)/ out of harmony with nature,*—
 ffe is hke a flower, which require#
 light and warmth, placed in a cellar
 where it can never acquire ns proper
 proportions, color or vigor. It »e quite
 impuemble that a ehild so treated cao
 ever attain to a proper characteristic of
 i wall educated coin or wostaa
