(Communications.
Canandaigua, Sept. 7.
 Hoi to a of the North Star— Dear Sir
 AM those portion* of my Address to the
 Colored Voter* of thia State, which allude to
 Mr. Van lhtren's former portion on the qoe»-
 non of Slavery in the District of Gdumbia.
 are hereby withdrawn. It u&gt; perhaps no more
 than jus* that I should add, that his present
 position, while very different front what it
 once waa, ia very far from being satisfactory.
 S. R. WARD.
Gerril Smith and the Anti-Slavery
 Standard.
 Messrs. Editors I beg a small space i
 the columns of your paper, in order that
 may call the attention of your readers to ai
 article from the pen of Mr. Sidney Howar
 Gay, in the Standard of the 31st of August
 The article to which I refer, is under th'
 eaption of “Changes,” and principally relate
 to Gerrit Smith, Esq and is highly seasonc,
 with that disingenuousness and uncharitable
 new for which Mr. Gay is so remarkable.—
 The young gentleman s remarks comroeno
 well, but end ungracefully. Hy perusing hii
 article, you will perceive, that if for the sake
 of a “change,” Mr. Gay raises a mortal t,
 the skies,” it is for the purpose of dragging
 him down again. But enough is said by wat
 of introduction. Head for yourselves, am
 compare what you read with the life of thii
 great-hearted philanthropist. The Standau
 admits that Mr. Smith is an abolitionist, ye
 he cannot let the opportunity pass withoui
 hawking at him. The vulture, when everso
 much pressed with hunger, will not destroy
 its own kind. Hear Mr. Gay
 The tone of the first part of Mr. Gerrii
 Smith’s letter refreshes an old abolitionist who
 is not no far carried away by the new move
 ment as to forget after all, even if successful,
 it will leave the abolition of slavery in the
 States a thing to lie contended for as much as
 when Garrison first unfurled the banner of
 Immediate Emancipation. Though we do
 not agree with Mr. Smith in his view of the
 Constitution, and therefore can only consider
 his position as an absurd one, and his efforts
 to establish a [m&gt;lideal party upon tiie ground
 of the unconstitiitioriality of slavery ns utterlt
 futile, yet we cannot but respect the integrity
 which still maintains a position so hopeless,
 and the sincerity of which lie gives so strong
 an evidence. But should he quite persuade
 us that the hope of the slave rests only in him
 and his party, we should indeed despair of tlic
 Republic wiien, on reading the closing pas
 sage of his letter, we learn that after all the
 anti-slavery cause is quite a secondary matter,
 and that the overthrow of that monoi&gt;oly ol
 which he is so distinguished a representative,
 is the direct and real road to the destruction ol
 the monopoly of laborers. If Mr. Smith
 thinks himself a worse man than the slave
 holder, his duty as a reformer is surely a plain
 one, and his field of labor is not only at he
 own door, but in Ins very land office.”
 When did Mr. Smith place the destruction
 of chattel slavery as a secondary thing to any
 of the oppressions that afflict mankind In
 fhe spirit of his Divine Master, he labors to
 Ibreak every yoke. In the midst of all his ar
 duous labtgs in the cause of true reform, he
 (has ever looked to that measure as being cal
 culated to remove all kinds of slavi ry. His
 language is, I regard Land Monopoly, take
 the world together as a far more abundant
 source of suffering and debasement, than is
 slavery.” Take the world together, and you
 will find this remark to be true. In many
 parts of the world, where there is no chattel
 slavery, there do the iron heels of Land Mo
 nopolists grind out the life of the suffering
 poor. Behold Ireland her mournful history
 records volumes. There is no slavery there,
 but the oppressions of Land Monopolists have
 engendered a lank and haggard famine, and
 the famine has swept away its thousands.
 Again let slavery be abolished in this
 country, and let the land and the labor mo
 nopolists have three or font hundred years the
 start of the emancipated, and still the free
 men will be heavy laden, with an up-hill
 course before them. Herein lies the secret of
 the trouble in the British West Indies. The
 old slaveholders are the landholders, and such
 they intend to be. The chains of the las)
 slave on earth may be broken in twain, and
 •till, while the unholy system of landlordism
 prevails, nations and people will mourn. But
 the moment that this wide-spread and mon
 strous evil is destroyed, the dawn of the gos
 pel day will break forth, and the world will
 hare rest.
 But Mr. Smith is called a a distinguished
 representative of Land Monopoly.” This
 charge is so utterly untrue, that it is not ne
 cessary to ofTer a refutation. There are three
 or four thousand poor men in this State who
 have received the gift of homes from Mr.
 Smith. These, and thousands of others, will
 testify against the charge. The most of his
 life has been spent in providing for the poor-
 Long, long before Mr. Gay became the sala
 ried editor of the Standard, did Mr. S. be
 gin in his land office, and at his ow n door,” to
 act in strict conformity with his principles.—
 But few persons are found who will aecnse
 Mr. Smith with inconsistency, llis motto is,
 Justice, Equality and Love to all men. He
 welcomes to his home men of all colors and
 of all creeds. lie has but one talde in his
 mansion, and that is spread as well for the
 black man as for the white—for the rich and
 the poor. Some of our loud-mouthed and
 while-gloved philanthropists would do well to
 imitate his example in this matter.
 Mr. Smith is a laborious man. His con
 c,rn is. how he shall make others happy, llis
 office is ,».,t the theatre of speculation, but an
 asylum for th.- opposed. He takes a Chris
 tian view of (avi government, and he with
 holds his Mifirage from those who will not do
 thc 11. 11. GARNET.
 I ktcrsoro, N. y., Sept. 7.
 Harvkysbukgh, 9th uto. 4th, 1848.
 Dcar Dotoj.ass n tht* rart of Ohio,
 l.ke every other place f rom which we get
 news, the foundation upon wllich b j avt ry
 stands u&gt; heaving a „j ru as |p crU(st
 this earth dors in time of an earth, he,when
 the lava is pul in violent motion beneath u
 There never was a tunc when the public mind
 wa» so ripe for receiving and umkrstandmg
 the truths connected with everything which
 thought either to injure or to benefit the race
 The hue* are being drawn, and the js-ople
 are failing into the routes of one or the other'
 of the great divisions. One of these dm.
 visions incorporates in its route men, women,
 children, who, with a glowing and phi
 lanthropic love of virtue and universal happi
 ar going forward undaunted, fully ron
 hdsnt that God .s oj their ade, and known,*
 i
j that their toil e» not to be ki rain, thej
 feel a renewing of Ofreoglh and teal
 morning, noon and evening. The other di
 vision, compos'd mainly of men who han
 bee n unfortunately situated in youth, and wb»
 consequently have the higher faculties of tbeii
 nature hut faintly developed, whilst the bn
 and animal are strongly marked. These
 like the fox and the wolf, use what eapscii)
 they have in gratifying their ruling propensi'
 lies, sometimes devouring, at otiier tiniei
 howling in lank, hungry despair. But then
 ravenous daya are numbered, and a gkxiooi
 opportunity is now offering for every fnend o!
 the race to make the number leas. The da]
 i» now at hand w hen human language, f ritter
 or spoken, can hare a light and a brightneai
 embodied within it which will melt fetters am
 chains, and cause them to fall like soft wan
 before the shining sun.
 “.March to tbr Ia l tie -field,
 Tlk- foe in now beCtre os,
 Each heart ic freedom’* shield,
 And heaven if smiling o'er tu.
 Tlie woe* and [aim of slavery’* chains,
 That l»iiv! t!ie miliioM under,
 la protki disdain we’ll boret their chain.
 And tear each link asutuler.”
 Let the pen, the press, and the tongue ol
 the orator, all be diligently employed in be
 half of universal emancipation. Let no one
 |be idle. Let no one wait for others to lead
 the u ay. Let there be a aeries of meetings
 iin every town and every village, and in
 every school district in every State. Let the
 Disunionista and non-voters encourage the
 Free Soil Party, and the Free Soil folks will
 1 soon pay back the work, with interest. I
 attended a Taylor meeting in Green county, a
 j few days ago, to hear Thomas Corwin, and
 j other men of note, bray at the people in be
 half of t the great hell-giver and damner of
 mankind. Coiwin disgraced himself most
 shamefully in order to dress up his new doll
 lady, Taylor, in the white robes of peace and
 purity,making him out the nation’s only hope
 in this hour of its extreme danger. He made
 a weak, silly speech. Two other speakers
 followed him in the advocacy of Taylor's
 claims. One of them, Green, of Chillicothe,
 declared that Taylor was his first choice of
 of all men for the Presidency, &amp;c. The other
 speaker was Carey, the great temperance
 lecturer, from Cincinnftti. lie declared that
 if the three parties had all put their wits
 together, and had got the devil to help them,
 they could not have selected three men more
 odious to him than the three which they had
 presented.” He also said: “Gentlemen, I
 would rather vote for Henry Clay's old boots,
 than to vote for General Taylor.” In the
 evening at candlelight, the Free Soil folks
 had a meeting in a large hall, which was
 crowded full of listeners. They had three
 most excellent speakers, and three soul-cheer
 ing songs, accompanied by instrumental mu
 sic. The speakers were Messrs. Mills, Brat
 ncy and Shields, who all did good service in
 behalf of human rights. In the course of his
 remarks. Mr. Bratney, (who was the former
 editor of the Xenia Torch Light, a Whig pa
 per,) said We are accused of having left
 the Whig party and gone off to the abolition
 ists. But, gentlemen, I have never been
 identified with the abolitionists, and I feel that
 candor and honesty requires me to state the
 reasons why I have not been, and they are as
 follows: Because I have stifled my own con
 victions of duty I have warred against my
 own conscience, rebelled against my owm rea
 son, and these are the only reasons why I am
 not with the abolitionists, heart and soul, to
 night.” The speeches of Corwin, Green
 and Carey were dissected, so far as they
 could be found to have any farts to them to
 dissect; and to include the proceedings of
 the day and evening together, I should count
 it a most glorious tiiumph of the Free Soil
 over the Slave Soil party. It is a wonder
 with many peisons how Corwin could have
 the knowledge of the tricks of slaveholders
 which lus speeches in the Senate display, and
 then kick the pail over and spill it all by
 pleading with the Norih to still bow the sup
 ple hinges of the knee, and choose a cruel
 and vengeful slaveholder as their President.
 1 his, however, is thought by many of Cor
 win’s old friends in ibis region, to be attribu
 table to the great fact long ago discovered,
 that Money is the root of all evil.” There
 are persons in this neighborhood who have
 hoard Corwin candidly declare it as his opin
 ion, that there was no man but what could be
 bought at some price or other; and on the
 same evening he declared that he distrusted
 everybody, and distrusted himself. He has
 6tood very high in the estimation of his friends
 in this region heretofore, but it is painful now
 to look upon him. lie doubtless feels bad,
 and how could he expect any other feeling
 when he has voluntarily jumped into the
 great whirlpool of slavery, where he cannot
 swim, and feels himself sinking to rise no
 more. His own explanation of his abject
 looks when I saw him at Xenia the other day,
 was, that he was u&lt; L —l understood to mean
 really and physically sick, the same as we are
 all liable to be, even if we have behaved the
 best that we know how but whilst I did not
 feel ai liberty to doubt his word in the least
 in that matter, I could not help thinking that
 his position would be enough to make some
 folks sick. V. NICHOLSON.
UINGHAMPTON, N. Y., Aug. 30.
 Friend Douglass I have often been
 very much gratified with the light that has
 been shed abroad ujkmi a corrupt public senti
 ment, through the column* of the North Star.
 The year |hlH of the nineteenth century, will
 stand out prominent on the pages of history,
 characterised by some of ib~ most important
 events in the world: the casting down of
 thrones in Europe, and upheaving of the old
 foundations of society the great conflict that
 is now taking phee between Liberty and Ty
 ranny, shaking the continent from the Medi
 terranean to the Arctic ocean, and from the
 Atlantic to tho Fra! Mountains, which is
 evincing to mankind that the day of the
 world's political redemption l* at hand and
 God grant that coutiuental Europe may soon
 present the world's United .States.
 Yet, wlule I have seen one of the most
 powerful throne* go down before the working
 men tif Paris in a day, and have t*va human
 ity struggling for existence amid the crash
 of empires, I have not been an indifferent
 spectator of what was going an among the
 American people.
 The case of the prisoners of the Pearl, the
 del, ~i of the sUwlioider*’ rdbi promise bill to
 the iloto&gt;c of Representative#, the pastajf of
tbe Oregou bill with the Wilmot Proviso, the
 disorgantxing of the two great political par
 ties, and the Buffalo Convention, all show that
 the future at least is portentous,
 i In view of the great work before os, theft
 is still hope that liberty will be proclaimed
 throughout this laod to all the inhabitants,—
 The slave will come up from ins prison- house
 tn tbe dignity of a man, the fetters writ fail
 from his limbs, and, in the language of tbe
 Eider Adams. Gieat is truth* great is liber
 ty, great is humanity, and they must and will
 i prevail.”
 F I hare been spending the last few months
 in the service of the Anti-Slavery cause, la
 i boring principally in Eastern New York; and
 i it seems to me that there never was a better
 I time to present the claims of the poor slave
 than at this crisis. The magic of party is
 lost, and the party leaders cannot control tbe
 people longer. They have been humbugged
 by the vampires until they have become
 weary of the burdens under which they hav®
 so long groaned, and declared themselves free
 from the rule of such contemptible beings. I
 have been lecturing in Chenango Valley for
 some time past, and there are many things
 here that would answer well for the dark
 ages—ignorance, caste, and oppression reign
 predominant in this political perdition. Many
 of the old political hacks here are loud in their
 preferences fur Cass and Butler; and others
 are delighted with the character of Rough and
 Ready, and are forever harping upon that
 vulgar expression, Old Zack while oth
 ers delight to bawl nt the top of their voices,
 “A little mere grape, Capt. Bragg I’* These
 are the Whig principles of 1848, the old ones
 being left at Philadelphia. There are a few
 good Anti-Slavery men and women in this
 inhospitable region, but the great mass are
 completely dead to all that relates to humani
 ty. In the village of Owego, a poor ignorant
 numbskull refused to sit at the same table with
 me, stating that he did not care about eating
 with a nigger. He was politely informed
 that no gentleman cared about sitting at a
 table with loafers like him. We had two
 meetings at Owego in the Baptist meeting
 house.
 Binghamton is one of the most pro-slavery
 villages in central New York. 1). S. Dick
 inson lives here, but he prefers the Old Do
 minion to the Empire State. This*political
 hypocrite and betrayer of Northern interests,
 is soon expected to return to his adopted State.
 A. Bird sail, the only representative in Con
 gress from New York who was base enough
 to vote in favor of perpetuating slavery in this
 country, lives in this place likewise. I chal
 lenge another village North of Mason and
 Dixon s line to produce two such contempti
 ble beings as Dickinson and his son-in-law,
 Birdsall. The name of Arnold is honorable
 beside them. Language is inadequate to por
 tray their true character.
 A miserable too] of ihe pro-slavery faction
 here, by the name of Hall, is the proprietorof
 the Phcenix Hotel. This corrupter of the
 morals of youth and fiend in human shape,
 ordered ire out of his bar-room, saying that
 his boarders made remarks in relation to my
 peacefully sitting there, and interfering with
 the rights of no other person under the broad
 canopy of heaven. The reason given for this
 act of American barbarity was, that Provi
 dence had given me a complexion different
 from his Satanic landlonlship’s. Persona who
 are travelling through this place, will be
 hereby forewarned of this man's treatment
 towards respectable colored people, and w’ould
 do well to put this creature in the way of his
 duty by patronizing other hotels. Oh, shame
 where is thy blush
 Notwithstanding that slavery has many in
 this State to do her dirty w r ork, and oppress
 the colored man, there is a good time com
 ing, when from our hills, mountains, valleys
 and plains, our united voiees shal ascend, and
 that voice be, Liberty 1 For this great and
 glorious object, let us labor, and America,
 bad as she is, may yet terminate her bounda
 ries by the ocean and her fame by the stars.
 Yours most respectfully,
 J. H. TOWNSEND.
Scraps from the Bench (Not Judicial.)
 Messrs Editors :—lt is some time since I
 last wrote you. I hare not written simply
 because I have had nothing to write about of
 interest occurring in this vicinity and your
 own pens have reviewed the* movements of
 the Free Soilers—of J. C. Calhoun and his
 followers, and other stirring events, with far
 more ability than I can presume to possess.
 I shall at present proceed lo give a medley
 of views and matters that have come within
 my observation in this all-absorbing w hirlpool
 of dollars and cents; for here the quality of
 religious teachings is determined by the quan
 tity of dollars and cents; the cause of liberty
 is estimated, and the cause of humanity is
 calculated, by dollars and cents; even poli
 tics and politicians are advocated in accord
 ance with their supposed relation to, and
 bearing upon, dollars and cents, (id at the
 loaves and fishes.)
 The Free Soil movement and Buffalo ru m
 inees are quite favorably received by the rot
 ing freemen of this place. Thay have held
 several spirited meetings, and are making ar
 rangements foi holding a series o! them. A
 number of individuals, late prominent leaders
 tn the pro-slavery parties, are in the vanguard
 of this movement; but the men that belong
 to the Whig and Democratic parties, go it
 strong for the regular nominees.” They
 are rough” at thinking fur themselves, but
 are 44 ready” to do the bidding of their South
 ern masters. Their motto is, Open yuur
 mouth, and shut your eyes, and swallow it
 down.”
 Whilst crossing the forry Saturday after
 noon, I heard two gentleman, whose appear
 ance and language indicated that ihey were
 of the higher circle of society, conversing in
 relation to Mr. Webster's rumored speech at
 Marshfield, sustaining the regular nomina
 tion—l say upper circle iff society, because,
 be it known, reader, that in this commercial
 emporium” and its environs, we have upper
 and lower grades—circle*, not castes, because
 the latter nre not ('Jirtsiian or Democratic.—
 Hut to ibo conversation. Mr. A. said that it
 was rumored that Mr. Webster had made a
 tjntoh sustaining the Philadelphia nominees.
 Mr. B. answered in the affirmative, when Mr.
 A. said, h must have run against the
 grata,*' to which Mr. B. aaseaied. This is
 but a poor eomplioiMt to the Coo of the
 North, and yet to have raid lew, would have
 been to defood his Honest v at dm expense of
 his godlik® intellect The max must he
a ninny who sappoees bin to be fart enough
 to be honest.
 By the hr, Mr. Webster seem* to be em
 phatically a man of tbe past- lie delights to
 dwell on tbe pant history of Martin Van
 Buren, and assures us that when cotemperv
 neota legislators, they mutually opposed every
 measure presented to each other, and thinks
 it must be ludicrous, if not contemptible, for
 them to agree imiw. The lion and lamb may
 he down together, hut tbe lion and fox cannot.
 Well, he and John C. Calhoun ran agree m
 opposing him.
 Hereafter, when I wbb to make op my
 mind what is my duty in relation to some meas
 ure, I will (if my conscience allows mo) as
 certain tbe views of some oae who has ma’trly
 differed from me, and if they are in favor,
 more especially if they are tbe embodiment* 1
 will oppose it; it is a much handier way than
 going through the mental process of investi
 gating on its own merits. It will be god
 like.”
 I had occasion last week to go to Albany,
 to transact some business. In returning, 1
 went on board the Rip Van Winkle lo take
 passage for New York. I called for a ticket,
 but was handed one marked Deck. I
 asked if they charged full price for that,.and
 was answered in the affirmative, whereujton 1
 returned it. and informed them that I would
 prefer going on beard the. Isaac Newton, and
 repaired on board that aquatip palace, which
 is equal to any that the mos* poetic imagina
 nation could picture in the shape of an ethe
 real castle, where I was decently accommo
 dated. Rip Van Winkle is a very appropriate
 name for the first boat; for certainly all hands
 of her rulers must have slept -until they are
 half a century behind the age, like Rip of
 old. Yours for Liberty and Reform,
 J. C. H.
Buffalo, Sept. 11th, 1848
 Editors of the North Star. —Dear
 friends, peimit me through the columns of
 your valuble paper, to call the attention of the
 public to the steamboat Saratoga, on board of
 which colorphobia was so virulent, that dele
 gates from the Cleveland Convention of color
 ed freemen were refused a cabin passage.—
 The reason assigned by the Clerk, who I think
 they call Merrell, (at all events he may be
 easily known by his diminutive, sallow syco
 phant expression of countenance, and much
 sooner I should judge by his language,) was,
 that colored persons could not be permitted in
 the cabin among whites. Such a pitiable speci
 men of humanity, and the officers who sup
 port him in thus treating their superiors, are
 certainly being 3 that every man should des
 pise and abhor. I also found on board a hete
 rogeneous mass of abomination, in the form of
 a black servant named Bowman, who gave
 countenance to their conduct by a public ex
 pression of his feelings. He resides in Cleve
 land. I simply mention these facts that
 ladies and gentlemen of color, as well as white
 who sympathise with the oppressed, may,
 when travelling on our Western waters, use
 their means among a more worthy set. The
 company were compelled to lay over 24 hours
 for the steamer Oregon, ou which a number
 of the delegates took passage and received
 all that was asked by them. The boat is of!
 the first class in style and speeds—Capt. Chat
 man, the Clerk Mr. Waldron,'the Steward,
 and the balance of the grew)'do far as came
 under our notice, are -jiist abdut, to say the
 Jeast, what they ought to be. My friends
 jointly with myself, feel safe in recommend
 ing the steamboat Oregon, officers and crew
 to the travelling public.
 Yours for the right,
 A. H. FRANCIS.
Froji our own Correspondent.
 London, Aug. 24, 1848.
 The report of the Committee appointed by
 the National Assembly of France, to inquire
 into the outbreak of June, is very alarming.
 From it, it would appear, that Lcdru Rollin
 and Lamartine were privy to it. Meetings
 were held at the house of the former, at
 which Caussidiere assembled, having for their
 object tbe subversion of the. Executive, of
 which Ledru Rollin and Lamartine were the
 minority, and the establishment of a Commit- 1
 tee of Public Safety, with Ledru Rollin for
 President. At the recent monthly election
 for President of the National Assembly,
 Lamartine had but two votes. Aimand Ma
 rast obtained 611 voles, and was elected by a
 large majority. Paris is quiet at present, but
 the public mind is in a very unsettled state,
 and another outbreak may be expected.
 In Italy, Charles Albert is beaten back into
 his own country. Milan is comparatively a
 desert, occupied chiefly by the Austrians. It
 is possible that Austria may have cause to
 regret the French and English mediation. It
 is not known as yet wbethei Charles Albert
 will accept the condition* proposed. They
 are, Ist. The annexation of Lombardy to
 Piedmont; 2d. The erect*®) of the Venetian
 Provinces into a State like Hungary, subject
 to Austria, but with au independent adminis
 tration. On reaching .his own kingdom,
 Charles Albert issued several proclamations,
 one of which tends to explain the causes of
 the late reverses. 41 Money, provisions, and
 ammunition were wanting. His address
 concludes thus People of the kingdom
 show yourselves strong in first misfortune.
 Employ the fiee institutions that have risen
 among you. Itepaee confidence in your king.
 The causH of Italian independence is not yet
 lost.”
 The Emperor of Austria has returned to
 Vienna, and it is said he was received with
 44 the grateful fove and unshaken hnalty of
 his people.” He has since then issued an
 address declaratory of his intention to conform
 to the wishes of his people and to the new
 order of things, 44 by reconstruct! n gtheState.”
 A magnificent fete has lately bocn held at Co
 logne, to celebrate the »!X-Lumliedih anm
 Ternary of the foundation of the Cathedral
 there. The Regent of the Empire (Arch
 duke John) and the King of Prussia were
 present, and also many of the most celebrated
 men of Germany, the* Chevalier Biuisen,
 and Von Humboldt inclusive. Tbe two firal
 u uned great persooagea went in one carriage
 to the ceremony of the consecration of the
 cathedral, and together held a grand review
 of the troupe. Then fcUowed a lordly ban
 quet, at which near!x 1200 were present. In
 the oourss of tire eufownwnm, the Regent
 and Ktag pvopeeed cueh other's health, after
 which they mutually embraced, aaudst the
 enthusiastic applause aod desfeumg chorea of
 nut- Thu ®rche*ua stiock up, “Whs*
it the German’* Falberbod J” tad tbr euen*-
 iwml wan at it* jrmrtcwthevght. i vncnrU, t»-
 lurnmatwjfw, aud »n?ful denwmairatwu* of «*v
 try kind, took p4wv day* of th»«
 of Unitt*! fl ltnjoT”
 I To torn to Hume fur a moment. Too are
 j doahtfcwa atraw that Srmth (FBriFU and
 Meagher are captured am! a»ait trial. TVtv
 is no satisfactory intelligence from Inbtef The
 people are returning into pa&amp;nre, hut by ne
 means contented tranquility, and all seem*
 dark and gloomy m that unhappy country
 i O'Doueny has been tried twicp, but the
 i jury not agreeing upon the verdict, has, in
 I each case, lieen discharged, so that at present
 ihe has escaped. WiH rt be so in other eases 1
 or will not the government be comiielled tc
 suspend trial by jury! John Martin, of the
 I Irish Felon/’ is transported fot ten years
 Here corn is rising, storks are falling. p**Lv
 toes arc uuiversally diseased, amt there i;
 great discontent. Ere this, yon will havt
 j heard of the attempted insurrection of the
 Chartists in London, made a week since.—
 Numerous arrests have since then taken place,
 t I*arge discoveries of arms and fireballs havt
 been made by the police. These rt'perrteJ
 disturbances indicate a dangemns state of feel
 ing, and every one fears, asking, What veil)
 come next?
 No Parliament has talked mote and done
 less than the present. The government has
 but little strength, and seems unable to exert
 what it does possess. The earth and all
 the inhabitants thereof/* appear to be dissolv
 ing. Who shall bear up the pillars of it
 S, P, Q. R.
 The Potato Rot again. —An English
 paper, speaking of Irish affairs, says
 In the meantime, an enemy of even more
 appalling character than civil war has again
 made its appearance in the form of the potato
 disease. In Ireland, also in England and
 Scotland, all the indications of destruction
 which discovered themselves in the autumn of
 1845, are now reappearing’, and a luxuriant
 field of this essential esculent becomes in 24
 hours a withered and blackened mass.
 From a variety of well-authenticated quar
 ters, we learn that the destruction is already
 most extensive, and the pestilential effluvia
 which salutes the passenger on the roadside,
 indicates but too fatally the extent of the mis
 chief under ground.”
 More Colonization. —Proposals for col
 onizing Vancouver's Island, accompanied by
 a glowing account of the place and of the
 benefits likely to result to the settlers, have
 been extensively circulated throughout Great
 Britain.
 The Cherokee Chief. —John Ross, the
 distinguished Chief of the Cherokee Nation,
 is at present sojourning at Brandywine
 Springs, Delaware. It may not be generally
 known that the lady of Mr. Ross is a Qua
 keress, and a native of Wilmington.
 The Largest Building in America. —A
 new freight depot is now iu process of erection
 at East Albany, N. Y., for the Albany and
 and Boston Rail Road Company, 750 feet in
 length by 133 feet in width. It is supposed
 1,300,000 bricks will lie required in its con
 struction, and the cost will be $lOO,OOO. It
 is to be completed in November, and will bt*
 the largest building in America.
 Served him right. —A boy in Portsmouth
 N. H., has been convicted of writing obscene
 words on a fence, and fined $9,63 therefor.
Commercial.
Rochester, Sept. 11, 1848.
 There has not Seen a "real deal of Wheat tn tlie
 market at any one time this week, altlmugh it has
 come in moderately by wagons and boats, (rood
 Wheat in the street yesterday inrt a ready sale at
 $1 25 to Ijjfl 28. Perhaps the market is not quite as
 active to-day, and we have heard of no sales above
 $1 27.
 Flour ranges from $5 50 to £5 87 j, and retails at
 £6.
 Com is not very plenty, and sells at 50 ets per
 bushel.
 Oats sell readily at 25 cts.
 Rochester Wholesale Prices Current.
 FLOUR ash MEAL—Duty 20 p c ad val
 Flour, f hhl 4 73 500
 Com meal, y bush 46
 PROVISIONS—Duty; Beef,Pork,Hams, Bacon,
 Butter and Lard, 20 if c; Cheese 30 cad v.il
 Pork, (mess) 10 50
 Do. in hog .400© 4 50
 Beef, ewt! 350© 4 50
 Do. Mil. (mess) 700 800
 Lard (tried) (p H&gt; 7
 Du. (leaf,) ©..6
 Ilams, (smoked) 7©.. 8
 Shoulders, do 4 5
 Turkeys ylb 0
 Chickens 0
 Potatoes, !*ish 25
 GRAIN—Duty; 20 y c ad vJ
 Wheat, bush 1 03
 Corn 45 .48
 Rye 50
 Oats 25
 Bariev 40
 HIDES—Duty; Sfevlwl
 Slaughter 34
 Calf ..10
 Sheep Pelu I2| 20
 SEEDS —Duty; Linseed 10 pe; Mustard 20 f
 e ad val
 Clover
 Timothy 125
 Flax 1 00
 FISH —Dmv on foreiga caught; 28 Jp cad val
 WhifeSsh bbl C 30
 Codfish cut 4 00
 SUNDRIES—
 Sait, f bhl 1 IS
 Apples, IP Irtish .00
 Do. dried 75
 Eggs, P4m 8
 Beam, r hush 87 1 00
 Hay, p l'mj
 Hard wood
 Soft Wood
'SV&amp;oertisfments.
fit w Witek ao4 Jewelry Store.
 JOHN KEDZIE having changed hi* partnership
 relations, has rrwiwl bis Shop tore- door.
 North to No-11, Stale Street, where he is jwepared
 swrcessfuliy to compete la the sale of aa ewtire new
 Stork of Goods, a insisting of Gobi and Silver
 English, Arthur, llorixontal aal Vertical Watches,
 Gobi &lt;h«rd and Fob Chains, Gold Seals at*! Revs,
 Gob! and Silver Peon Is, Spertneh-s and Thimldfcs,
 Gobi Ear-Rings, Bracelets, and Finger-Hinge—n
 good assort mewl, cheap; a variety of Lad*-*’ and
 GemltrtWMi’s Breast-Pins, new stile; Asihle and
 single Hunting gold mtd pbwei Lsmkats, Gobi Peon,
 l*»l ijsilit), Silver a«i Shell Cumin sal Canes,
 Fine Vmlrrj, hr- hr.
 The above nod a variety of other &lt;ir*i ruble Good*
 wandiy kept u. our InMim, are &lt;4cti&gt;i u» mnre ad
 vantage. &lt;ws term* than ustasi; awl it is particularly
 desired that the goods ehoobj be nsstiir-l, swt
 prices aacertaMsei, Indore purchasing eUt-wherr in
 this uarkd.
 We manufsrture ami keep on bawl a goo.! assort
 mem of Silver Spoons, warranted as pwrc as Awe
 riru coin.
 Will a© harp an aswntnaent of Amrdoiis and
 other Musical lurtnwrnn, which will be subi very
 low.
 WV intend to keep a gw4 assortment of the he»t
 Brass Eight-hiy. hour, anl abraaa (s*i«, as earn
 Is- («*i ta tins ruj.—Calami see them.
 W ATCH REPAIRING, buhMj .bmr and war
 ranted by an experienrwd workman.
 Farther pnrUcuhus at No. If State Street.
 J. KEDZIE Jfc Co.
 P. B.—Tn the Farmers im jmrtirwiar we would
 give notice, that we have a variety «f Barometer*
 whirh wifl give that know ledge of the changes of the
 weather, so a. to hr able ta a Jopt his hnsinrs. to its
 varmthan. Phase call sad auMßma dm, a» every
 iru nswAt to ha*e oar.
 Sep. 15, 1815. E
MEM PI MP FUTOKV.
 r |MtK take* ikb «w*V«! F iwfcwm tfa
 trinity. lk&lt;l hr In*
 jr«*-T r«a» li-fa-d |-w, r 3 221
 Wi*H» *trr*-l. l*-nt If W 4l fa |n u j ,H
 may furor him tb&gt; u pstrfamer
 H one M HiAhnUr f-yfwnw-nr.- fo, f w ~f
 Iminr**, hr |&lt;k krwr-U |t fmmA as z
 sutn lp, amt.«! D*&gt;d imbtui, ran fa puVn. I
 w any «*tfa-r &lt;un«W r slaW** Hrmut m tin* r»ty, ti _
 I'mujf* an- funn*fad wi*&gt; c.tfa-r w&gt;**i »«r i-ad
 a* n*»y »mi mrn.mtm*. tlr t„ ~a,(
 rvrrt tfeacviptMlt AqUrtiurr frig tw l*-*.l IV
 The tiwutn wilt lake pfau-wr J wee t fag mli
 tif hi* cunUitiirr* a* may p-uyirv tin- inkifimlfin. t.i
 i-omprt.-vu wiwkiurn. wl»&gt; mil atfe-mt in nil rati* h*
 dotlm*. or writ*, prrmmk. ami Jf
 reaiMnablc rate#. AU k.a-b cl i‘uwy» iqnttej to
 order.
 {XT’ The afa.vp work wiW fa farm-died the
 lowest poors. f*r ft*«. I’.t**. wilt «h» wrU
 give bin 4 rati U-kwv purchasing tl*-«!eir.
 J. U. KELT.
 Rarhwtr, July 11, 1318. f*2**
 fasli &lt;;r©crr.v and Prov Men Siorr.
 No. f 33, Main Street. On/imr of North rtnrt.
 (Old Slam! rtf Ftln'nrd IfnrdtrelL)
 JVSt iweived, an*! will fa k--pt roo*lanor m
 han-L an rsteieite ami complete assortment w
 (irucerie* amt Provision..
 A large k«t ot (jmiotm just rcn-irel,- famgbt hi
 New York, at the lowest ol tlx* very tm prices ot
 the present wa*»t.
 tfugiwi*, fowi a good article at 5 rents per Re to
 the fast crusfa-d ant powdered.
 t 'lcar, heavy I’orto Itin'. fon-tanfia ami New
 Orkttns Molasses, very low k«r *ltr* ipuiitv.
 Mackerel, Smt.l, t.’mlfiab, Kkv, Kaisiiis, whok
 and ground Spices, Fruits, ami all tb&lt;' articles, t
 nilmerous to mention, which nuike a full variety t»
 supply every want of tiuuilies t.r drain*.
 Ohoiec fresh t ireen amt Itlack Tea*.
 Ewtra Ok I Java ami other Coffees.
 ("ash paid 15rf prmlwre ami provisioßS.
 Tile attention of farmers, city families ami dealer*
 it reepecifullv Boiieited. Those who have kwg fre
 quented this well known stand arrt invik-d to con
 tinue their patromiot*, ami all in want ol' goods in
 tnv line, are invited to examine un assortnk’nt ami
 prices.
 I sell fbr Cash only, and can therefore afford to
 sell bivr. A new ktt of gi*mls expei te.l fr4&gt;in .New
 York in a few days. 1 intend to make arrange
 ments soon to keep a supply ol’ Frt# L ti-.r (inxtnts.
 Customers shall la l ;Lssur«*l of as much reality as
 pretence in the quality and priee of my gmvds.
 G. B. BTF.imi.NS.
 Rochester, July, 1843. 3m29
Important to Farmers.
 IlfE’S Patent Whind Cultivator and Wire Grass
 Plow. The Fanning Public are liercby informed
 that Letters Patent have been Liken out by the Sulo
 scriU-r lor his recent great improvements in the con
 struction and manufacture of Field Cl ltivators
 an improvement so great ns to entirely revolutionize
 the whole system of fanning, by reducing the exm-use
 one-half or more. Wherever they have been uitm
 ducetl, tliey have in*»t tile decide)! approliation of
 fanners, as the Iblknviug certificates from the intel
 ligent ami practical farmers whose names are
 attached, abundantly show:
 CERTIFICATES.
 This may certify tliat we, the Subscribers, have
 seen and used the Patent Wheel Cultivator, invented
 bv Nathan Ide, of Shelby, Orleans Co., New
 York, and believe it to lie, as a lalsir-saving ina
 ohiue, one of the greatest improvements of the age.
 By it, a farmer can put in from ten to fifteen acres
 more of wheat in a year, w ith the same amount of
 team lulior; lie can also sow it in much liettcr order.
 By it also Canada thistles and other noxious weeds
 may lie totally extirpated. Baid machine is so con
 structed that it can Is- regulated to go any depth. b\
 means of screws on the upper part of the machine,
 and thus either plow up the ground thoroughly, or
 only just brush the surface. j&gt;.«n the whole, wi
 thin k it decidedly the best machine ever invented |i&gt;r
 pulverizing the ground and facilitating the labor of
 the Farmer, and as such we cheerfully recommend it
 to our brother (armors.
 James H. Medley, James Ide
 Enos Newman, John Stevens,
 John C. Wheeler, Hartes Medley,
 Gardner Berry, James I’. Anderson,
 Shelby, Co., April 23,1848.
 We, tlie undersigned, purchased one of Nathan
 Ide’s Patent Cultivators last Fall, and found it
 answer the purpose so well, that we have this Spring
 made purchase of another. We can with this Plow
 prepare with two horses, eight acres of land per tlay
 for wheat, and it is much better done than by the
 old plows;. and the land pepared by this Cultivator
 will yield 5 Irtish, per acre more.
 Eld CHURCH.
 Riga, June, IS4B. DENN IS CHURCH.
 We consider this Cultivator one of the best
 labor-saving implements in use, anil as such com
 mend it to tlie farming community.— GtnrsttFarmn.
 After these testimonials, the Subscriber deems it
 unnecessary to enter into a long and elalmrate des
 cription of the implement, with its various nodes of
 operation. To be fully appreciated, it must Ite seen
 and used. No fanner who fully understands his
 interest will Ite without one, as it is an invaluable
 implement.
 NATH N IDE, Patentee.
 Shelby, Orleans Co., N. Y., July 1843.
 IDE’S Patent Cultivator is manufactured bv
 LEVI WELLS, Buffalo Street, near tlie Bull’s
 Heat!, Ridiester, N. where fanners are iuvited
 to call and examine for tlicmselvea.
Xew and Second-Hand Clothing,
 At 48, Exchange Street, Ro/hesler.
 LLOYD SCOTT would most respectfully- iiif mu
 his friend* and tlie Public g -acrally, tli.it lie has
 constantly on hand an excellent assortment of New
 and Secoml Kami Gkitliing, stK-h an Goats, Panta
 loons, Vests, Hie., with which fa; will supply
 Customers at the most reasonable Prices.
 L. S. desires also to infirm the Pol.lie, that fa
 attend* to repairing an 1 renovating, which fa- war
 rants to fa- done at the cheapest rate, ami iu tin
 fast and neatest possible manner. His long exjs.-ri
 ence in the fa is i ms* warrants him in assuring all
 wfa&gt; may |iatrouize him, tliat his wu.k sliall fa doae
 to their entire satisfaction.
 Rochester, July 14, 1848.
THINKS! TRIXKS!
 THE first quality of article is to fa had at L YI.NG
 It BONN ELL’S ne-w Establisfam-ut, No. 59,
 Mtatc Rshester. Abn a geiwral nsie.rt
 inent of Valises, Travelling Bags, which are
 offered at tfa very lowest prices tor Cash.
 Carriage Triintning execute 1 in tfa latest styk
 and with riirptttrh, liy J. T. Liiug, at his okl stand
 in State Street, opposite tfa Maiisuzn iiou*i-.
 J. T. L. faviug hai extensive experience in tfa-
 Eastern markets, hopes to give sali.faction t-i a
 generous public wltu shall las*a him with tfa-ir |m
 trunage.
 Kucfaster, July 14,1848. 3cn
AUBURN and ROCHESTER
 RAIL-ROAD
 ON and after Friday, June 30th, liter:* will b diree
 Passeager Trains daily each way—
 leaving Richester at 1.15 P. 31., *7.15 P. M. and
 12.15 m.
 Leaving Autairu at *3 A. 31., 8 A. M., an l 0.33
 P. M.
 Wistw i tß.—After this date, the train leaving
 AVnoy'awl Troy on Saturday evening, will remain
 at Auburn from Somtay ssortting till Samlay evening,
 wh.m it will proceed westward at the usual time ap
 pointed for the evening train.
 East ward.— Tie- ntormig train from BuTafo,
 leaving RorJk-sUrr &lt;laily, at 1 31., *id si. hereaf
 ter be discontinued on Jfceslav »o this Road.
 WVI. \V I I,EV, Stipe. iuU:i»lent.
 Rochester, Toes Jay, Jltli July, IH4B.
(ifieral lattHfcfacf Olliff.
 GEO. W. GOINES having ufienrd an E-iaMi.h
 -nwnt at the Pan. spelt mi t Imirtri,
 Laid sard &gt;tre**t, afs.ve Seventh, (r th- |-nrj*.*e of
 jn.nswing hsnmrt and LiliUal tbum-stirs tn lbo*e
 who auay re. pore them, and obtaimac pfcscrs bn
 •orb as .jualifie J awl in waul there..!, lag* have
 to refer to the Winning samnl gestth-tm n, who bare
 ki.siiy [erotitutil th ita- of (leir name, as
 A whew M 31ah hi Editor (f th.* Aust* an Oaisr
 Robert M em. Ll,to, of I,^,
 Jssfwr Haniuig, Publisher of the Kspnf
 f Wles J. I'etrrsuu, Ltttur ‘4 Xeai s Gaw-tte
 Tie-. B. Florence, F. fitwr of Tin* o*i kc .tone
 IhJsnt 11-.w-tt, (ti, Onsirt Smtt
 Ifihrun J. MoiL-u, 27*, (hlhne Bu«et.
 PtuUi. Ipuia, 8 yrt. I, l*H*. ly—36.
DR. I». J. PECK, Ihyrtrun awl Surgeon, I'bi-
 Mriptua Institute, LrtwWd llbeH.
 Seventh. _jjg
 IIOMK FOR RKPBRHKKh.
 r pHE aalorTtfsw kw rvnwitisl tn that etf, morsw
 -1 urrt, and iwr. N.&gt;. 2j r«arsl
 tWI, where he will Ist taunt lapp; t» »fi«* raw
 rf th- Freahff IMirn, at rwi«l h A»rp»
 lie «idtra tn# home to he the e» vst iI Mart* *bw
 tnn, where the ftiwsltaf Temperas**, rsssrw, Piwiif.
 fiwdttw, the Prisoner, fcr.,wij sw.wt tofrther, »n 4
 enjoy a eumfertable asM ijmet home.
 Central Canwt oywsw m tm *tf**«.
 JUHN M. aPLAK
 Briton, Aug. 31. IM?
in It PR INTI MG.
 rptlf NORTH lit in f&gt;FrK i:. farctw,?
 Jl J. h '/Vs. E* th* irCirtwMi every
 tk rMftioG of l*i iiowe.: »irs-t .fe-j anh,
 at iL- bn -t prir-s c e«h. &lt;rx:
 II kfoil*, Riff lwwt-,
 Prugntwwir*, f'in iiUf j, Mdt-of I fcltn?
 P oophk-i&lt;, r*nl*
 meyy pi rmpatib^.
 TV**’ bf. ready in a Fpyv days.
 AY if mb', trr r v» w'Vi IVw f o tch of
 to- far /f-S'» MoV»at
 Also, t, U'lf'j .t&lt;liro&lt; to Iks Stores st the f i
 /lira, fltw wMn was rrjr*t. .1 tw the Na
 A .intention ,r P.aifak. HL3. The ssfilmst
 is srn .d ami .h.-e „!W. w tU vll
 semi m tiK-tr ***vt*
 Jl &gt;1 PI I.IVSHPW, hL.isw eutii*-&gt;! The
 I vsr «*t. »i;i*f C. 1 M m l 0f THI Co. mb
 EU li»t I f&gt;* ff nry ff li; U s.l fir.rr.,!
 tV-.-i-s! ;,f Troy, N. Y. Or.lrw ,n
 I Ajini 24, Bm,

 Itprst to the W-. 9, .4. 4/ to 8 CM.
 Fill. I l-SI.AVKKY OFFK K rxffUF AD
 FNG liix.Yl, No. 25, Mnffak. Street. The
 K-.ui m illy furnidiid. ami tl* !al.k l.lk d w.d.
 of lhr_ &gt;t Anli-Skivery, T mperam Kch
 -1 l olllwal amt l.itmrr Papers
 Naur \'tj\kofthk life»»p ekpdeb.
 M K Dot GI. YSS, Written by liiuvm k, t u t,.
 li.wl at tin* olutx-, in n»i .111 rents.
 NOTICE.
 T ,,K C-jiarlmrelop fa-rel.if.ve xistin-. L tw.-i-n
 J was nurtu-dlv J.--
 solvcd on ttw Ist of April, 1818.
 A. CLARK.
 c. 11. DLNVOMBE-
 Rochester, June 2, 1848.
 DR. &lt;T. ARK infill mwttiiUM'at Nw. 89 Smith**
 Arcade, Bit»|ilo Stn*». Dr. Cbdl w.mkt in
 l.mn tlie i-iti/A-nt of Rx-fawter and surrnumling oaiu
 try. that fa- keeps a g.mil assort in. nl of T-knntno in
 amf otfa-i'Bot.mic YlisliciiM-s, nextfv pt»t ifp with di
 n-ctini!-* for family use also foe erb* Dr Tfaniisoo's
 New Materia Mcdtca. Thisvaluntde vtoik should
 fa- owned bv every pr B titkiner and familv m the
 land.
 A. CLARK.
 June 2, 1848. tf.
llair-C uttiii? and Dressing at
 Ralph i-ranuis’* saloon, mi.w-i- tin- Eagic
 Hotel, Butlalo-street. jut 1 |—3m
 TYf)OKS. For Sale at tin- Avri-St wei.v
 1J Office: Readixo Room, N«&gt;. 25 Buttalw
 st., Second Story opjsisitf the Arcade
 Narrative of Frederick Douglass.
 JoiKitiiao Walker.
 Portrait
 Spooner on Unconstitutionality of Shivery-
 W Phillips reply to do.
 Is*gi»Mi of Lih»-rtv.
 Sfari-ry illustrated by its effort AtWnwHii.
 Also a rich variety ol' Fancy ami useful arthde*
 mailc by tlie Ladies’ Anti-Slaver\ Society.
i\uw in the I'rrss,
 TRIBITE FOR THE NEGRO,
 being a vinihcatior or th* moral, intfa-
 UCTt'tt. AND RELIGIOUS C’A PA BIIITI ES It.
 1 THE COLORED PORTION OF MANKfNDt
 M i/h particular rrfrrmce to thf African race,
 Illustrated by numerous authentic farts. Biographic!*
 Skcti-hes, Testimonies of Travellers, &amp;c.
 The motives which have artnaffd the nutlior itV
 preparing the above-mentioned work, are solely a
 desire to interest and enlighit n tin- public mind, on
 a subject intimately connected with tin* happiness or
 misery of a large portion of tlie human family aotl
 by a relation ot tacts and testimonies, which m*
 assertions can annul, to remove it deeply -roofed pre&gt;
 judice, existing in the minds of many, respc rthtg the 1
 African rare.
 It is ;in important question whether the Negro is
 constitutionally, and therefore irreim-diably inferior
 to tliv white man, in tlie |wnf,-rs of the mind. Mm lt
 of the tuture welfare of the human race depends on
 the answer which experience and facts w ill furnish
 to this question; tor it concerns not only the vast
 population of Africa. Lit many millions of thg..Negr&lt;r
 race, who are located elsewhere, and tlie whites whiz
 are becoming mixed with the Mark rare, in rotintriei*
 where Slavery exists, or wltea-i? it has existed till
 within a recent period. MatUpersons have ventur
 ed upon peremptory decisions on Lnh sides of tlu&gt;
 (j'testion; Lit tin- majority apja-ar to L- still misatis
 li)*l as to tlie real rapabifitie/of the Negro race.—
 Tlteir present actual inferiority in many respects,
 comparing them as a while w ith the lighter colour
 ed [sirtuui of mankind, is too evident to lie dis|Nifi-d;
 but it must lie Lirne in mind tlxit they are not in a
 lit condition for a fair lannparison to U- drawn lie—
 tween the two. Their nro-mt degra«!ed Utah mu y
 L- easily arc:.anted fur liy tile circumstanees amidst
 which Negroes have liverl, Lull iu their ow n eountry
 and abroad. Il a single ins Lon e can be adduced of
 sin individual of the African race exhibiting a geninv
 which would lie considered eminent in civilized Euro-'
 pean srieiety, we have a proof that there is no inn,in
 patibility lietweeu Negro organizanon and liigji in
 telleetua! power. But it is not one alone, but many
 ‘■iiiai kabli- cases of this desrriptkiir that arc hranghe
 forward in tin- present volume, which im limits up-&gt;
 wards rj 150 al xk'trhrs of Africans or th* ir
 descendants, L-sid**s Facts and Aiw-cdotes,
 flies of Travellers, Missionaries, &amp;e., the whole
 forming a complete “Tribute fob the Neomo/’’
 and exhibiting an umioulited refutation of tlie un
 toiinded mliliimies which have L-eri Imped oil die «m
 -fnrtmiate race of Africa, proving them to L- ciidoweik
 with every characteristic mnstiintiog their identity
 with I hi- great family of Man, ami ontseqitruth eii
 title Ito eeitain inalienable rights,” amongst wUi&lt; Ir
 are lib-, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness,” any
 infringement on which is a daring usirrpatiofi of iJk;
 prerogative and ailtllonly of the Must High.
 Tint work will Is- rcmlerndadditionally inU-resting
 by A.V APPROPKMTE IXTKOIIL CTO K V Pol.W,
 written pur|s&gt;*ely tin- tin- (M-cnaion, liy Be p. a a iu.
 14 vitro*.' Il will also lie enricbnl by tin: a'klittotr
 of a beautiful eogr;tving,ffioin a painting pr&lt; seated
 to the (.on ion .Missionary Htriclv, representing two
 Natives ofHouth Afrii-a giving Fviih-nee Lion
 Select Committee of die Hmr-i of Commons. TLr
 Africans are giving evi.k me, Dr. I'hiilip is sealed
 in tin- foreground, and James Read, sen. ami pin.,
 M issi-maries from Soul h Africa, are standing, tin;
 fatter ai tingas interpreter. 'I ne Voknue w tilul»o nse
 t tin (sirtrait i of
 CixqUE, the i'hief of“ Aniistad I 'aplives.’*
 Jax 1Z v r/.oE, Christian Cl.iet ol tla; Amako*:iv
 Trilie,Smith Africa.
 J. W. C. |*EMS GTOV, a highly roteemed .Miin.-lff
 •A tlie Go*|«el, ot fiure African extraction.
 FkEDEKICK Doc GLASS, tlie fugitive slave.
 Ol.Atdah Equi uo, or Gcsta vu• tor.
 Engraved on *U;el liy first-no- Artists. Also a I
 simile of tlie writing of Tot saaia T L’tJu**.K*
 TUBE, tlie Black CTiiefof liapi.
 The Work will L-printed in tL- l,s type, on f,r«*
 nier, ami consist of alaaii SBO pagev Bvo., I team did
 jotnsf in ekith, wtfli an approptmte ik vire,
 i;ig an ek-gatit volume (ng ifa- drawing-r&gt;asM talrk-.
 All prolita‘4l iamg from rtr rak- will be ikvoted Us
 tfa- Anti-Bfavery fane; Aiw-riean (wire, DismlmCi•
 ers L&gt; iwh-.u!«m tdrer* iiefivn:tn»i# d« »irt n.
 of posses.mg eopa will i-blige by z* tbling i| H ir
 ilera to ll.sox AbMIJTEAD, or t,r the
 N OKI II 8 f A H Office.
PftOSPKIXTL.S OF THE
 .lurriran Journals
 O. S. FOWLER, EDITOR.
 'IV) retrtrw and (s-rfeet .auTwlve* and-air r;.ce, is
 1 tls- r.s„« ex.illj* I ,A all w.aks. 3 el, U, &lt;U. lh,» e
 ...uvt u slersfaml the lim.ian (aavltimi at. 1 i,s*
 brace, and rent:* rij.mil dl Ae fciw s »f&gt;.ut h. i »g,
 ossiilkSM (f icifijii.H in std rmwiUrtti gs plob.M.v
 I“het’s stone ot Lmvernal Troth.
 rifßF.Nol Crt f’
 Karh xo ils r will contain .flier &amp;tr analvsi*
 IrsUsi .f sshi, jhnsilirjifHl brubf &gt;(b.t.4iif ly
 an Engraving, or an a*w«wi ou Uw*.f ws&gt;d....aiM&gt;l.
 an.l at-o Ur &gt;sgiuosi and k.i s'ls; *4 «s.e «I&gt;a.
 peis.ae.gr, ar. lijJi fkcoru.
 pm moi.ot.t,
 Ht-ihh l&gt; late, 'lls gii-al instrumcirt l 4 lalrot
 tie- a.sl loji) iis..,dl which it augment*. I«
 irtMtiiiMi and rait»iatam,s|imrtl aUeuteai will
 g.vcn. V
 33 li b praetial Mtiislw*. Si.eet mg (.u an.l
 ch. ee truth. wUhrt a. Gbh, wtil he vented ui
 th.* Aas ital.
 TOCS«i ht
 Ta- lw s»it&gt;9* they i-y y, t'« i.dlteseg they cnvi
 wield, ...el th n jarcp-Muieai fa hating ,mt Marti
 tut saw. Will bam toe tlanw wf a "»n «f all ale*.
 fcfcJ.»-IMrKOVE3IENT.
 Who at Lg -ilj, a«t wwwld ns strive
 uashsssh. H rvdiiewe tm mMMeaJ pnurs, j. 4
 insfer hint*! tails* mrnl am mm happy t To mart*
 mefc .amds-r wiß I- ami InbW.
 TT.R3lB—i»*ran»My in mfvamm—OßE IMil I
 t R A 3 K l K
 1) lfc J"*»**»i wiu i«
 wet OKA I IS, warn fenttf.
 Tn twite aitentt m. letters end nwWrs nwil*
 *BT-!'AJD, awl duo t sl i,
 lOV3LKK k WEUd*
 No tllXtiM Si^Vtv
