ft oelrfi.
Fer the North Star.
 THE RUNAWAY SLAVE.
 The morning wn looked down and smiled
 On th*’ dew gemmed fare of a prairie w ill,
 An) s My nd k&gt;w from the ume sky
 fame the sounds of nari&gt;W melody;
 TV zephyr* frolicked among the tree*,
 And the flower*, rejoi-tag, caught the Iceete,
 A* it hurried bv- ami bore it glad
 To a wtary mother, worn and sad,
 Who *i* resting her form in a quiet no k,
 Ami gating down with a troubled Ux A
 On the face of ber *&lt;m, a* be moaning by,
 In the arm* of one who could not *tay
 The fever"* wrath; w ith a pierring cry
 She; learned that *oon her boy must die;
 Sh* saw the death-damp* o’er him steal,
 Him ahe had lored tbroogh woe and weal;
 O God!” *hc crb*l, in anguish wild,
 I« there no way to rare my child?
 O why did I leave my southern borne?
 The bah and the tm lure I could have borne;
 I could see Ititu toil’math the scorching sun,
 But I canno lay low my only one—
 Why thu* did I face Death?” Mother bear?
 Tni- lov« of liberty brought ns here.
 1 am dying now, but yon arc free.
 And tlie pang* of death are naught to me;
 Never aaain »haH the slaver’s laslt
 Maik your quivering flesh with many a gash—
 Never again shall your son be sold,
 Though the slave-man should offer seas of gold-
 Never! 0 mother; for God above
 Will receive him soon in his arms of love.
 1 leave thee mother’ hut on my brow
 I foci the wind* bread* softly now;
 Tne bird# I licar, and the flowers I see;
 And the bright dew-drops —are they tears for nu
 Ah ye#; then, loved one, dry thy tears;
 We »h ill meet again ere many years;
 Till tlien, forget not, my mother dear,
 That die love of liberty brought us here.
 M. L. L.
 flmtLO, Aug. 24, 1848.
 From the Anti-Slavery Standard.
 TO LAMARTINE.
 I di&lt;l not praise thee when the crowd,
 ’Witched with the moment’s inspiration,
 Vex’d thy still tether with hosannas loud,
 And stain [red their dusty adoration;
 I but looked upward w ith the rest,
 Aud when they shouted Greatest, whispered Best.
 THev raised thee not, but rose to thee,
 Their fickle wreaths about thee flinging;
 So on some marble Phoebus the high sea
 Might leave his worthless sea-weed clinging,
 But pious hands with revercut cate
 Make the pure limbs once more sublimely bare.
 Now thou’rt thy plain grand self again,
 Thou art secure from panegyric;
 Thou who gav’st politics ait epic strain,
 Ami actedVt Freedom’s noblest lyric—
 This side die Isles no tree
 Grows green enough to make a wreath for tliee.
 Nor can blame cling to thee; the snow
 From swinish foot-prints takes no staining,
 But, leaving the gross soils of Earth below,
 Its spirit mounts, the skits regaining,
 And unresenting fall* again,
 To beautify the world with dews and rain.
 The highest duty to mere man vouchsafed
 Was laid on thee: out of wild chaos,
 When tlie roused popular ocean foamed and chafed,
 And vulture War from his I mans
 Snuffed blood—to summon homely Peace,
 And show that only order is release.
 To carve thy fullest thought what though
 Time was not granted? ah, in hist’rv,
 Like that dawn’s face which baffled Angelo
 L ft shapeless, grander for its mystery,
 Thy grand design shall stand, and day
 Flood its blind front from Orients far away.
 Who says thy day is o’er? Control,
 My heart, that hitter first emotion;
 While men shall reverence the stedfnst soul,
 The heart, in silent self-devotion
 Breaking, the mild heroic mien,
 Thou’lt need no prop of marble, Lamartine.
 If France rejects thee, ’tis not thine,
 But her ow n exile, that she utters;
 Ideal France, the deathless, the divine,
 Will be where thy white pennon flutters,
 As once the noble Athens went
 With Aristides into banishment.
 No fitting metewand hath To-day
 For measuring spirits of thy stature
 Only the Future can reach up to lav
 The laurel on that lofty nature;
 Bard who with some diviner art,
 Hast touched the lard’s true lvre, a nation’s heart.
 Swept by thy hand, the gladdened chords,
 Crashed now in discords fierce by others,
 Gave forth one note beyond all skill of words,
 An l chimed together—We are brothers;
 O poem unsurpassed! it ran
 All round the world unlocking man to man.
 Franee is too poor to pay alone
 The service of that ample spirit;
 Paltry seem low dictatorship and throne,
 If balanced with thy simple merit;
 Tiiey liad to thee been rust and Im#;
 Thy aim was higher—thou hast climbed a cross.
 J. R. L.
 THF. BONDMAN.
 A 1 It— Troubadour
 Feebly the bendman toiled,
 Sadly he wept,
 Then to his wretched cot
 Mournfully crept;
 How doth his freeborn soul
 Pine ’ncath hi* chain!
 Slavery Slavery
 Dark is thy rorgn!
 I*ong ere the break of day,
 House l from repose.
 Wearily toiling
 Till after its close—
 Praying for freedom
 He spen hi* last breath:
 Lilierty! Liberty!
 Give me, or death.
 When, when, O Lord, will right
 Triumph o’er w rang!
 Tyrants oppress the weak,
 Oh Lor!, how long?
 liark! hark! a peal resomtit
 From shore Ur sho;e—
 Tyranny! Tyranny!
 Thy reign is o’er.
 E’en now' the m&lt; ruing
 Gleams from the East—
 I kespots are feeling
 Their triumph is past—
 Strong heart* are answetmg
 To Freedom’s l aid call
 Liberty! Liberty!
 Full and for all.
 THE MIND A KINGDOM.
 Oh, then* is a moral might in this:
 My mini t« m» a king torn is.”
 Mound it to the ears of age,
 Stamp it on the printed page,
 Gladden sympathizing youth
 W ith the soF music of tins truth—
 This erlsucd note of heavenly bliss,
 My mind t« toe a kingdom is.”
Selections.
rrm the Tribw*
 FREE BOIL MEETING H PH I L.l

 There was a a large gathering at the
 Chinese Museum Thursday night. B.
 W. Richard* Presided, assisted by
 twenty-fire Vice-President* and fire
 Secretaries. Col. Thomas L. Kane,
 son of Hon. E. K. Kane, read the fol
 lowing Resolution*, which were en
 thusiastically adopted
 Whereas, The recent accession of
 large portions of California and Mexico
 to the territory of the United States,
 lias made it the duty of Congress to
 provide rules aud regulations tor their
 Government; and it has been sought
 so to direct the action of Congress in
 regard to those Territories us to au
 thorize or permit the introduction w itb
 m them of Domestic Slavery, thereby
 giving National sanction to the exten
 sion of that institutionwithin the con
 tines of the Union and Whereas, the
 question thus presented affects the
 rights and honor and well-being of all
 the citizens of the United States, more
 directly and powerfully than any other
 now pending before them, and the
 principles which should determine it
 are of broad, enduring and most mo
 mentous import and, Whereas, it is
 known that the candidates nominated
 for the office of President of the United
 States by the great political parties
 which have divided the country, are
 agreed in the purpose to recognize by
 favoring legis.ation, the existence of
 Slavery in the new' Territories and it
 is incumbent, therefore, on all who
 believe such legislation perilous to the
 welfare, peace, stability and continued
 happy influence of the Union, that they
 should proclain their opposition to it in
 advance, and unite iu efforts to avoid
 1 the evil. Therefore,
 Resolved, As the sense of the Free
 men of the City and County of Phila
 delphia, here assembled
 1. That habitually inured to toil and
 by it invigorated and sustained, we
 recognize no honoring distinction in
 that incapacity or reluctance for toil
 which the languor of a Southern sky,
 or the wrongful legislation of a former
 age may have made congenial to others.
 2. That the sense of personal inde
 pendence, which is the offspring of
 voluntary and self-directed toil, finds
 its natural and just expansion in the
 conscious equality of Political Rights
 and that to degrade labor, therefore, is
 to strike at the vital principle of our
 institutions.
 3. That the hand which is made
 strong by free toil is the appropriate
 and only safeguard of Free Govern
 ments, since no Nation can long con
 tinue to be free which has ceased to
 depend for its freedom on the strength
 of its own free people.
 4. That a just recognition of the;
 rights of others is implied in the just
 perception of our ow n—that universal
 intelligence is the best security of social j
 order, as well as personal freedom
 and that no institution, therefore, can!
 be congenial to a Republic, which arro
 gates an exclusive title to personal
 rights in favor of a single class of men,
 or which repels education, and finds
 safety in ignorance.
 5. That the broadly advancing fron
 tier ol the United States, far removed
 beyond the direct guardianship of the
 National Power, and the controlling in
 fluence of long-established laws, exacts
 for its protection from hostile invasion,
 and fur the peace of domestic right,
 that the people who are to plant and
 guard it, shall be energetic and intelli
 gent Freemen, identified in interest,
 knit together by common sympathies,
 confiding in themselves and in each
 other, all worthy to share in the res
 ponsibilities of the common defence,
 and to be rewarded alike by the gener
 al advance of intelligence and happi
 ness.
 6. That the rapid extension of our
 geographical limits, and their still un
 faltering progess, admonish us that, as
 the frontier region of a few’ years back
 is now the compacted abode of a peo
 ple free, intelligent, laborious, powerful
 and happy, so the frontier of to-day
 must soon be a centre of influence to
 yet more extended regions—and it be
 hoves us, therefore, to renew* and per
 petuate, in behalf of posterity, that
 wise legislation of our fathers, by which
 freedom, and the blessings that attend
 it, were made the equal birthright of
 all within the territories of the United
 States.
 7. Resohed, That we assent, hold
 and maintain, as clear and necessary
 deductions from the principles thus
 declared
 The perpetual exemption of the soil
 committed to our stewardshio from chat
 tie Slavery
 The appropriation of the Public Do
 main in limited quantities to actual
 settlers only and—
 The Right of Education in its freest
 sense, the Right of every community
 to the best services of its citizens and
 its duty to this end, to take all neces
 sary measures to insure their highest
 moral, physical and intellectual devel
 opment.
 And that, while we recognize the
 Government of the United States, as
 founded in the compromises of compact,!
 and aim to cultivate the spirit of com
 promise which has for its only just basis
 the consciousness of possible error,
 and a deference to the opinions of asso
 ciates, we can recognize no compromise
 ot principle, nor tolerate any abate
 ment ot these, which we proclaim the
 essential doctrines of the Free Demo
 cracy of Pennsylvania.
 8. R'solrcd, i hat regarding Slavery
 within the States m which it exists, as
 the creature ot their own local law,
 we hold it as such, protected from inter
 ference on the part of the General!
 Government, by the compact entered'
 into by the thirteen original States ati
 the formation of the Union That we
 hold, however, as a truth equally in
 contesiible, that another part of that
 compact invested the General Gov
 ernment with power to restrain and I
 prohibit it in the Territories and we
 affirm that tfiis adjustment of the Sla\e-;
 ry question, which at once established'
 aud restrained the jurisdiction and res
 ponsibility of the National aed State
 Governments within the geographical
 limits of their respective authorities, is
 the only compromise in regard to it,'
whifh is either morally just of Irg^lb l
 binding upon the Freemen of the Uni
 ted States That, farther, tba obliga
 tions of conscience, the liberties ot a
 fellow-being, me rights of another, 01
 bis own or another’s children, cau bv
 no man be made the legitimate subject
 of crinpromiee and that the won!
 compromise ia a cheat and a mockery,
 when it expresses the surrender of an
 interest unlimited and absolute, foi
 which no consideration is offered, and
 for which no adequate consideration
 can be received.
 9. Resolved, That that right to ex
 clude slavery from the Territories,
 which is found in the words of the Con
 stitution, to make all needful rule*
 and regulations for the Government ol
 the Territory of the United States,’
 early recognixod by the Supreme Jud
 iciary, exercised without question, foi
 nearly threescore years, approved and
 enforced by Presidents of the l niied
 States, in acts of Congress that have
 established the laws of no less than
 Eleven Territories, since becoming
 States—this Right, now for the first
 time questioned, is so plain from the
 letter and spirit of the instrument, that
 we have no need to sesort to History
 for its contemporaneous exposition and
 it is only to exalt an honorable pride,
 that wc commamorate the fact, that this
 was the unanimous sentiment of the
 patriots of the Revolution that it wa«
 Thomas Jefferson who introduced in
 1764 the first Wilinot Proviso, and
 George Washington who, in 1789, gave
 his Executive sanction to the first laws
 carrying out the principles of the free
 Soil Democrats of 1848.
 10. Resolved, That however the ex
 tension of territorial dominions may
 be the necessary result of war, the
 enlightened judgment of the age in
 which we live, requires such dominion
 to be exercised with a just regard to
 the welfare of the conquered people;
 that where social freedom has been the
 right of every man, no conquest of ter
 ritory can justify the subjection of its
 inhabitants to personal boudage; and
 that, to introduce Slavery, by virtue of
 our laws, into a region where it did not
 exist under a less enlightened and less
 liberal rule, would insult that spirit of
 Freedom which it is our boast among
 nations to represent, and to be alike
 without warrant from the organic law
 of the United States, the law of Na
 tions, of Nature, and of God.
 11. Resolved That before the expir
 ation of the next four years, the great
 question will have been decided whe
 ther the lands of Northern California
 and Mexico shall remain free as they
 arc now, inviting the free laborers of
 the United States, and the laborers of
 Europe, seeking emancipation among
 us, to spread themselves out in honest
 and friendly rivalry, on those vast re
 gions, making them the homes of
 energy, fertility, and freedom; or whe
 ther Slavery, despoiling Labor of its
 dignity and its fruits, shall, under pre
 text of sharing in the occupation of the
 soil, mark out a barrier region beyond
 which the emigration of Free Labor
 must refuse to penetrate; and wc be
 lieve that this question, so obvious in
 the answer which it must receive, and
 yet so momentous in its character and
 its consequences, does most justly and
 earnestly invoke the united efforts and
 influence of all good men; that the
 time has come when a loftier appeal
 tn »v be made than to passions and pre
 judices, which had their origin in
 ancient and now unavailing contro
 versy—when party discipline and drill
 must cease to be effective against prin-
 I eiple and right—and when a higher
 object may be legitimately sought and
 toiled for and attained, than the eleva
 tion of one or another of two men, both
 of them boldly and fatally pledged in
 support of this pernicious error.
 12. Resolved, That in the doings of
 j the Convention recently assembled in
 I the City of Buffalo; in its intrepid and
 unyielding assertion of principle; its
 i ready and unreserved sacrifice of pri
 vate feeling; in every feature of its
 I upright, generous, and intelligent pa
 triotism, we see embodied the best
 characteristics of the American nation;
 that we adopt and avow its declaration
 of principles as our own, and that we
 esteem the candidates offered by it for
 the approval of the people, worthy to
 i be the standard-bearers of the prin
 ciples they represent; that while the
 i name of Martin Van Buren can gain
 no additional dignity by his elevation
 to the Presidential chair, it must owe
 its chief lustre in future history to his
 self-denying championship of the prin
 ciples of Free Soil; and that in Charles
 Francis Adams we respect a scholar
 and philanthropist, the whole tenor of
 whose past life is a guaranty of his en
 ergy and fidelity in the cause of Truth
 and Freedom.
 John Van Buren then appeared, and
 made a very forcible and piquant
 speech, which was received with great
 applause. Mr. V. 8., was followed by
 Hon. Joseph L. White of New York,
 Dr. m. L. Elder and others.
 1* requent attempts were made by op
 ponents of the meeting to disturb its pro
 ceedings.
 The \N ilmot Proviso. ——The
 Charlestown (South Carolina,) Mercu
 ry, the organ which represents the
 Southern States upon the subject of
 the W ilmot Proviso, and which proper
 ly represents it, as may be seen by ad
 verting to the legislative resolutions of
 Virginia and other States on this sub
 jt»ct, says in one of its manifestoes:— j
 ihe Y\ ilmot Proviso is abolitionism
 in the roost dangerous form, it has ever
 appeared, and if it is U ot now met, re
 sisted and defeated by prompt compro
 mise and settlement'on the Missouri
 basis, it will end in the utter ruin of the
 Slaveholders or compel than to residence
 hereafter by the sword."
 Hard to Choose. —The doughfaces
 of both parties have now the choice be
 tween Cass and Taylor, and it makes
 very little difference which they rote
 for. They are in the situation of the
 traveller at the cross roads:—
 Stranger where is the wav to
 village?”
 “There’s two roads,” responded the
 fellow. i
 Well, which is the best?”
 Aint much difference; both on ’em
 iery bad. Take which way you will 1
 sfore you’ve got halfway, aou’tt wish
 W'd tuck t'other." 31
iiKEuioresor A*i&gt;-it*.u»Eß.
 The following anecdote is currenl
 j among the Arabs, sod if genuine, bear*
 j witness to Abd-el Rader si presence ol
 mind, sangfroid, and greatness «f soul.
 In sprte of the vigilance of the guards,
 a negro had socceeded in entering the
 tent where the emir was holding his
 council.—On finding himself tn the pres
 ence of A bd~ei Kader,the negro, who had
 come with the intention of assassinating
 him, was suddenly sruck with remorse;
 he broke the poignard lie hail in bis
 hand, and failing prostrate, exclaimed;
 “I had come to stab you, but I per
 ceived the glory of the prophet around
 your brow, and my heart failed me.
 r Kill me for I have deserved to die!"
 The son of Mahil-el-Din arose grave
 ly, ad meed towards the negro, and
 laying his hand upon the culprit's head,
 “Arise, unhappy man," said lie; Allah
 forgives tepentant sinners; and I, his
 noble servant, can not condemn you.
 Go, slave, and may the rest of thy
 j life be devoted to deserve my pardon,
 and bless the name of the Eternal!
 One of the morocco chieftains defea
 ted at laky, went to pay a visit to Abd
 j el-Kader; and hearing he hnd a French
 prisoner, requested to see him. Escof
 tier, the French trumpeter, who fell into
 l the hands of the enemy whilst endeav
 oring to succor one of his officers, hav
 ing been sent for, appeared wearing
 his trumpet, and on being ordered to
 play an air, he sounded a charge. The
 chieftain inquired the meaning of those
 martial notes.
 Tell the captain, said Escoffier to
 the interpreter, that when he hears that
 tune, the best thing he c&amp;n do is to turn
 about and gallop away.
 Abd-el-Rhaman’s officer, being of
 fended at this reply, requested that the
 Frenchman might receive a hundred
 lashes of the bastinado; but Ahd-el
 Kader refused, saying it was his duty
 to behave generously towards the
 French, who never ill-treated their
 Arab prisoners.
 On another occasion, Abd-el-Kader
 made Escoffier an offer of three hand
 some wives, together with horses and
 the grade of an officer among his regu
 lar troops, if he would consent to be
 come a Mussulman.
 I will never be false to my religion
 and my country, replied the trumpeter;
 you may cut off my head; but you will
 never make me a renegade!
 Abd-el-Kader replied with a smile:—
 Be not alarmed; I hold your file sacred
 and I like to hear you speak in this
 manner.—You- show yourself a brave
 man, and worthy of my esteem. Your
 relusal is glorious, and jour apostacy
 would be infamous.
 A Great Steamer. A splendid
 steamer is to be launched in New York
 sometime next week. She is four hun
 dred feet in length; an enormous size
 even in this age «f monster boats. The
 Herald gives the following description
 of her:—
 “She is the largest river steamer ev
 er built, and will probably he the swift
 est and most magnificent. She is to be
 propelled by forty-six feet wheels, and
 an engine of fifteen feet stroke. She is
 sixteen hundred tons burthen, and will
 carry, as a day boat, full twenty-five
 hundred passengers! The first steam
 er, compared to her, is like a cock-boat
 tu one of our packet ships. This steam
 er is to be fitted up in a novel style,with a
 scries of splendid cabins, or parlors, so
 that parties of ladies and gentlemen can
 travel and have theirdinners served up
 ala Francaist. There is to he no ta
 ble d'hote. It is the intention to place
 this boat on the Hudson River, to ply
 between this city and Albany. It is ex
 pected that she will make the trip in six
 hours. This will enable her to go to Al
 bany and return the same day. We
 ad vise all fond of such sights to w itness
 the launch of this monster.
 The End Answered. —A priest in
 a rich abbey in Florence, named Gru
 idnoli, being a fisherman’s son, caused
 a net to be spread every day on the ta
 ble of his apartment, to put him, as he
 said, in mind of his origin. The Abbot
 dying, this dissembled humility procur
 ed him to be chosen his successor, and
 the net was used no more. Where’s
 the net?" said a friend to him the day
 afterwards, on entering his apartment.
 "There is no further occasion for the
 net," said Gruidnoli, when the fish is
 caught.”.
 Tarring and Feathering. —It was
 one of the regulations formed by Rich
 ard C'ceur de Lion for the government
 o! his troops, when about to cuter upon
 the second crusade—that if any one
 should be discovered committing a rob
 bery, he should be tarred and feathered.
 This, says James, is the first mention
 of this singular punishment made in
 history.
 Shakespear^.—The late Dr. Chal
 mers, speaking of Shakespeare, said:!
 "I dare say Shakespeare war the!
 greatest man that ever lived. I think
 he was a greater man than Sir Isaac
 Newton."
 Rich and Poor.—A miser gets rich
 by seeming poor; an extravagant man
 grow s poor by seeming rich.
 Constant Occupation prevents temp
 tation, and bege:s contentment; and
 content is the true philosopher’s stone.
 The Best Wav.—Give the devil
 his due. Cejtaiuly, but it is better to
 have no deal ngs with the devil, and
 then there will be nothing due him.
 The mechanic wh is ashamed of his
 apron, or the farmer who is ashamed ol
 his Irock, is himself a shame to his pro-1
 fession. j
 Business is like fishing—if you wish
 to succeed you anchor once in a
 while.— Tube c matantly changing is
 to keep yourself out of change for ail
 eternity. As Tom Hood observes,
 the man that is always stirring must be
 a spoon.
 Good fortune is the ordeal by fire,
 misfortune the ordeal by water.—Rich
 ter.
 Hard Wedding.—A Mr. Marble
 married a Miss St &gt;se. The marriage
 ceremony took place in a small town in
 ihc Granite state, and the nuptial knot
 tied by Rev. Mr. Mint. Rather a
 hard state mem—but a true one—they
 lay J
 Iw dry weather, water vegetables
 tnd flowers daily, just before suaegt.
Fret Labtr
 MANUFACTURED by li* Ammimu Free Fro
 d»f A*sur iaifoo, ai«l for solo X®* Sl* North
 Fifh-«trA*l, PhtKlelpbja r
 Hartriirr (imjtw; Cbtduh Apeao and Far*
 ■uiurc; Canton FUuutrl, unblcsolied; Musliu,
 Wesehed and anhic-irhr of vsrioO® qwdltfe-* and
 width; than Masha for briwa and coteed;
 Kurd Eye Tuweia; LU&lt;k and while Wading;
 Cotton Lap*; Lamp Wick; fW Ticking, an n
 wttcot article; Cahco, Stoduugs, Kwuing Cotton,
 kr. be.
 Order* fxr Goo,’*, or letter* desiring tnf *rmatio«j,
 mav be ahlresaed to J. Miller McKiru, Si* North
 Fifth-street; Daniel L. Mil&amp;r, Teatb-ouvst; or to
 James No. 33, Churrh Alley.
 A forge ami hanitsotpe assortment of Prints now
 on hand. j&lt;*t—if
Anti-Slavery Office,
 No. 31* North Ft/th Stnxt, Ptui*H?hM.
 4 FI LL aasoctmeat of anti-wU very publications
 -Tjl is kept constantly on band. Also a handsome
 ▼ariety of miereH.i neons publications, and uoefui
 ami Fancy Stationery.
 All letters relating to Ibe business of the office
 to he directed to J. Miller MeKim, SI, North
 Fifth-street, Philadelphia. j®l—tf
FI R AXD SILK HATS.
 Ij 1 ARRINGTON PRICF., manufacturer and
 dealer in For and Silk Hats, Cloth and Fur
 Caps, Ladies' Furs and Trimmings, Buffalo Robes
 aud an assortment of Hat Cases, Liubtcifos, &amp;c.*
 &amp;r. Stc,, No. 2, St. Paul Street, Minerva Block.
 Qtp A usual supply of Buckskin Gloves aad
 Mittens
ROCHESTER SHOE AND LE ATHER
 JOBBING HOUSE.
 THE subscribers at No. 22 State street, take plea
 sure in announcing to the public that tiiey have
 completed arrangements by which they are enabled
 to offer the most satisfactory inducements to all en
 gaged in the sale or manufacture of Boot* and Shoes,
 to come to this market for a supply.
 They are also offering on the most fitvorable terms,
 a large stock of Sole and Upper Leatlier, Kip, Call',
 and Morocco Skins, with a full assortment of Find
 ing, including Lists, Pegs, &amp;c. Dealers will find it
 greatly to their interest to examine our stock before
 purchasing elsew here.
 jylQ SAGE PAXCOST.
BRITISH PERIODICAL
 LITERATURE,
 SUBSCRIBE EARLY WHILE THE TERMS
 ARE LOW.
 REPUBLICATION OF
 The London Quarterly Review, The
 Edinburgh Review The North Rrit
 ish Revieic, The Westminster Review,
 and Blafjacood's Edinburgh Maga
 zine'. w
The above Periodicals are reprinted in New York,
 immediately on their arrival by the British steamers,
 in a beautiful clear type, on fine white paper, and
 are faithful copies of the originals, Blackwood’s
 Magazine, being an exact facsimile of the Edinburgh
 edition.
 They embrace the views of the three great parties
 iu England—Tory, Whig, and Rai lical. Black
 wood” and the London Quarterly” are Tory; the
 “Edinburgh Review” Whig; and
 ster Review” Radical. The “North British Re
 view” is more of a religious character, having been
 originally edited by l)r. Chaliuers, and now, since
 his death, being conducted by his son-in-law, Dr.
 Hanna, associated with Sir David Brewster. Its
 literary character is of tire very highest order..
 PRICES FOR 18-13, (if SUBSCRIBED FOR EARLY.)
 For any one of the four Reviews, 33 00 per annum.
 For any two do 3 00
 For any three do 7 00
 For all four of the Review s, 8 00
 For Blackwood’s Magazine, J 300
 For Blackwood and the 3 Reviews, 9 00
 For Blackwood the 4 Reviews, 10 00
 Payments to be made in all cases in advance.
 CLUBBING. j
 Four copies of any or all the above works w ill be
 sent to one address on payment of the regular sub
 scription for three—the fouith copy being gratis.
 EARLY COPIES.
 A late arrangement wilh the British publishers of
 Blackwood’s Magazine secures to us early sheets of
 that work, by which we shall be able to place the
 entire number in the hands of subscribers before any J
 portion of it can lie reprinted in any of the American
 Journals. For this and other advantages secured to
 our subscribers we pay so large a consideration, that
 we may be compelled to raise the pi ire of the Maga
 zine. Therefore we repeat “subscribe early while
 the price is low.”
 Remittances and rumiuonications should be always
 addressed, post-paid or franked, to the publishers,
 LEONARD SCOT I’ CO.
 TO Fulton street, New York.
POVERTY;
 ITS ILLEGAL CAUSES AND LEGAL
 CURE.
 BY LY3ANDER SPOONER.
 The Albany Patriot calls it—“ A neat pamphk't of
 108 pages—a very remarkable production.”
 “Whether all the anticipations of .Mr. Sqooner
 would be realized by the full adoption of his theory,
 we do not here stop to enquire; but we heartily com
 mend his endeavor to the notice of nil who fove a
 transparent forcible diet ion—intrepid independence—
 original t hot relit —and entire freedom from the rant
 of sect or par U. At a judicial writer, he has a depth,
 a compass, far bevond any one whose productions
 have met our eve In a longtime.”
 Hunt’s Merchant's Magazine says It abounds
 in bold and thought*. The illegal causes of
 poverty are stated, and a number of important propo-!
 sitinns bearing on the subject laid down; and,outlie
 whole, we consider it a work well worth studying—
 affording as it does many valuable hints to tlic states
 man and political economist.”
 The Bangor Gazette says—“ An able and ceitain
 fv original work, from the pen of Lv sunder Spooner,
 Esq.— author of that powerful hook which demon
 strates the unconstitutionality of American Slavery.
 There is no writer of the age, of logical acmnen more j
 searching titan Spooner.,’ 'Phis new work is des
 tine] to Lea! to a re examination of all firmer sys
 tems of pclitii a! economy.” At first blush his eco
 nomical propositions strike us as sustainable—and if
 they are so, his work wdl prevail, and produce an
 important revolution in the ptesent prevailing sys
 tem.
 Every one should read it.”
 BELA MARSH, Publisher, Boston.
 Part 1. Price 23 Cents.
r rilE GIRARD LIFE INSURANCE, AN
 -1 AND TRUST COM PAN V of Phila
 delphia. Chartered in 1836—Charter Perpetual;
 Capital, —if- ijuinn W. Kictiards, Piesi
 dent. Continues to moke insurance on lives, giant
 annuities and endowments, ami accept trusts from in
 dividuals, corporate bodies, and Courts of justice,
 and execute tlieai agreeably to the tlesire of the par
 ties, and receive deposit* of money in trust or on
 interest.
 I The Company add a bonus at stated per iods to
 the insurance foe life, an for tiie 20th of January
 last an addition vi&lt; m i to ail the policies for life,
 remaining in force and issued prior to January Ist,
 1812, aimautting tr&gt; 10 p&lt;-r re it. on the sum insured
 in polo re. issue,! in 1837; 71 per cent, on policies
 issued in 1838, aal in rateable proportions according
 to their respective dates.
 The chief object of an insurance for life is to pro
 vide a sum ot m mry at tlw death of the party msur
 ed, for the hrnefit of a widow, children, frieots or
 eiii dikas; and it will he seen on examination of the
 table of rates of the life i.tsuiwnre, which will be
 fu. uished by the sub*rnher to ail who may f«-el an
 mterest in the suirject, that b&gt; paying a small mwu to
 i the other every year during his hie, a per son may se
 cure to his Cuuify a very roiwiJeraUe amount at his
 descent.
 Wherever the system of Life Insurance is properly
 understoryf, it is exteisiteiv aiopted, aal its great
 a,i vantages to alt, hut more especially to those who
 depend o»s (hair own exert u&gt;;is for the support ot their
 fa.nifies, or who injy be desirious to secure the pay
 ment sf a m a «f m ,nev to their friends, creditors or
 arddrea, at lae.r decease, winch they might he oth-
 u nine to arc unphdi, that live ope. at of the
 system nee Is but to he exp I lined to ensure the seri
 ous euasi knuxsa of tin public.
 In several instance* a has happened (hat the party
 )neared has died partly after having paid only one
 or two msul.nswts of the premium, when his family j
 have received from this odice the fell amount for j
 w hirh hr Im'fitwured.
 Full mfor.aat o« on this important subject may bn
 obtained by apply mg, personally or by tetter puM
 paid) at the of the subscriber, the audauised
 H® l Girard Life in.,ranee Ctamur.
 WILLIAM UAKEU'ULL,
 BaknweH’s Law Buildings,
 Gnmt street, Pittshmgh.
ROBERT MGJUU*. ia.. Atm* ami Cmm-
 EiiT° qr l&lt;*». Bnmr’t Jfat&amp;iag, Mate Stmt,
POST AND WILLIS, Dentes in Drags, Math-
 A ernes, Clraairak* Dye Staff*, Faints, arnub,
 OBs, Glassware, Brest** Perfumery, Daguerreotype
 Stork* French and Unman Chn*n*cab, Artists’
 1 Colors, Brushes and Canvass, Ether ml Oil, Gold
 i Leaf and Foil, kr. kr.
 Being A gnat* fir ant of the eeMmtal Family
 ami vafoafse Patent Medicines, and receiving the
 same direct!i (burn the MiiHifjcturrr* or ihrir Agents,
 they ate enabled to rappfo all antes at whrisoafc
 aad retail, on Uw must Uwjcable terms.
 iGmropathir Hetlkmes, and Family
 Cuss, with ft* direct*.**. Only agents for West
 ern Near York.
 Abu, SheTwoofl’s Vibratory Magnetic Machines,
 with direction*.
 Phosgear tins; also Ethereal Oil and 1 tarn, for
 burning the same. Those who would consult eco
 nomy and convenr-nre are invited to examine these
 Lumps. The -silent i„n of Country Merchants, Phy
 sicians, r aimln«, ami others, wishing good* in tne
 shove hnr. i* rcrp*-*ted a APOTHECARIES’
 HALL* 4, Exchange Street.
 OWEN MORRIS* CITY BINDERY
 trjtir.it r«r *mr*—hue ri*nt n nottai*.
 \f| K. MORRIS was in the employ of Mr. Alamo-
 Morse for seven years, and during tliat time
 prtjrtircd for him three Sihrcr Medals, for the best
 specimens of Bonk Binding, exhibited at the Me
 chanics’ 1 airs held in this city and Buffalo.
 Gentlemen's l.ilnwrii s fitted up anti repaired
 Music Paper ruled; Music and Periodicals bound
 and finished to any pattern. Blank Account Book* j
 executed at this establi.-lunent have given unequalled
 satisfaction, by their durability and elegance. Strict
 attention is always paid to the" quality of paper use.!, 1
 to render them equal to the best m the United States
 or those imported.
 Ladies’ Scrap and Guard Books, Alliums and
 Portfolios, in all their varieties, manufactured to
 order in the best style.
 Banks, Institutions, Societies, kc., may be
 assured of work being done on the most advantageous
 terms.
 Gentlemen residing at a distance, by parking and
 forwarding volumes to the above directions, stating i
 price ami style, may rely upon their being well bound
 on tlie most favorable terms, also carefully and,
 punctually returned.
 N.B. The proprietor has spared no expense in
 fitting up tlie establishment, ami introducing into
 Western New York tlie latest improvements in
 Book Binding.
 OWEN MORRIS,
 City Bindery, under the Museum.
PRINTING PAPER AGENCY.
 TTTE are Agents for the Bu'alo Paper Mills,
 If where Paper of the best quality is made from
 pure spring water, very white and sinooih. A sup
 ply of New sand Book Paper kept constantly for
 sale by us, at Mill price*, in large or small lots.
 Any size and quality of Paper n.»t on hand, fur
 nished at short notice.
 Printers and others will do well to call an exam
 ine tlie quality and price, at No. 6 Fxrh •-r «t.
 FISH! !i Co.
 jv2l Booksell r i- ers.
BOSTON IDII-RTtsi 'ifus.
CLARKSON,
 LONDON EDITION—WITH PORTRAIT.
 AFF.W copies of CLARKSON’S HISTORY
 OF THE ABOLITION OF THE SLAVE
 TRADE, with prefatory remarks on the sul sequent
 alkolition of Slavery; a beautiful London edition,
 with a fine Portrait of the Author, done on steel, —a
 book which could not be imported for less than three
 dollars, can lx: had at 21, Cornliill, if applied for
 immediately, at the very l.nv priec of On e Dollar,
 cash. Also, ECLOGICM ON CLARKSON, by
 Alexander Crummell, at the reduced price ol
 twelve and a half cents.
MACON B. ALLEN, Attorney ami Counsellor
 at Law, Massachusetts Block.
BOYS’ CLOTHING.
 OAMI EL ILSON, 10, Brattle Street, having
 k 4 made recent addition* to his stock, is prepared to
 furnish BOYS’ CLOTHING, of as good material
 and lit, and at as cheap prices, as can lie obtained in
 the city.
NEW ENGLAND SECOND HAND
 CLOTHING STORE,
 No. sf», Csio.N Street, Boston.
 JOHN \l RIGHT' keeps constantly on hand a
 great variety of New am i Second Hand Clothing.
 Goods of all kinds, such as old clothes, W. I. goods,
 atrhes, Boots and Shoes, &amp;c., exchanged for new
 clothing. Cash advanced on all kinds of goods,
 from one to one hundred dollars.
TOHN D. RE\ AI.EO.N, Hair Cutting Saloon,
 O and Perfumery Emporium, 114, Blackstor.e-st.
NEW BOOKS.
 SALE at die Anti-Slavery Depository, 21,
 A Cornhili—namely,
 Ihe Libel ty Bell lot 1848. A few copies remain.
 Life of William W. Brown, 2d Edition, with addi
 tional matter and new engravings. Price, bound,
 37&amp; et-; in paper covers, 25 cts.
 Mr. Shark ford’s Appeal in regard to the War with
 Mexico, 12j cts.
 Position aud Duties of die North, with regard to,
 Slavery. By Andrew P. Peabody. 5 cts.
 Six Mouths at Graclenberg. By Henry C. Wrirlit
 *l,OO.
 Dkk Crowniugshield, the assassin, and Zachary
 Taylor, tire Soldier; the Difference between
 ti eni. By Henry C. Wright. 3 cts. single; 25
 cts. per dozen.
r piIOMAS P. SMITH, No. 38, Brattle Street,
 X sign of the Golden Ball. New and Second
 hand Clothing Store.
ISAAC If. SNOWDEN’, Rook, Newspaper, and
 1 Fancy Job Printer, I|, Water Street.
 OCT All orders promptly attended to, and neatlv
 executed.
The tfastachusette Quarterly Review.
 CIOMMENCED on ti»e first of December, 1847,
 to lie continued on the Ist of March, June, and
 anti September. It w ill be devoted to the interest
 of no party or class, but its conductors vi ill endea
 vor to present an open and fair field f,r the notice
 and discussion of matters pertaining to Philosophy,
 Politics, Literature, Religion, ami Humanity.
 The Review will be conducted by R. Emer
 son, Theodore Parker, and J. Elliot Cabot, assisted
 by several other gentlemen.
 Each number will con tain about 125 pages, at the
 price of 83 a year, in advance.
 Coinmmueatioas, subscription*, Ice. should lie
 addressed to the Publishers,
 COOLIDGE ILEY,
 12, Vi ater Street, Boston.
AEH YORK ADVEIi.I, it MS.
FREE PRODCCI
 'V'EW GOODS just reciveu. .a. ion
 it in prices.
 Fine 4-4 Fruits, various style*.
 New styles of Flints of me dium q&gt;j.,..iy vndth.
 Fine and wide Paper Muslins. Amo Culoied
 Cambrics.
 Curtain Calico. Superior fine ChiuU Umbrellas.
 OilCfothe.
 fcfetioete, good and cheap. Also no hand, mostly at
 reduced prices, Gmgiiains, various qualities
 styles.
 t im.' and heavy Shirting, Sheetings, and Pillow
 Muslins.
 Stripe.l CawUies. Fine 6-4 I'feid Muslin.
 Muslin &lt;le Lame, plain and neatly figured, all wool.
 Linens, warranted free from cotton.
 I fennels 4-4 god and price low. Canton flannels,
 white and colored.
 i*al)ir Diajar ami Cloths, of different styles.
 Apron and Furniture Cheek. Vxton Handkerrhisfe.
 Cottm TniUal I’auUi.m Studs. Also Lweti
 Hi illing, foe.
 Ling amt half Hose, fine and heavy.
 ICiiumg Cotton, various Nos., Iksrhd, brown, and
 colored.
 M a filing, white and rot .red Cotton Also,
 lb L*u, Crushed, and F wives ued tfugar.
 Brown Sugar, g'*&gt;xi (juiliti, of various pulrt.
 The wh V «toek exekwireh Free Li!&lt;r (iioli,
 to wlticn the ihlsrnUv woekl iuri't the aitentum
 of country merchants, as well as tus Lrlends and the
 puMie generally.
 Much pu.ns ts taken by the Manager* of the Free
 I f'-Jurc Auucnhsi, to assist tlw bwbscriber to en
 large the assortment from time to time.
 GEORGE W. TAYLOR.
 Northwest corner Fifth and berry -at*.
 Philadelphia 2d too. Ist, 1848 if
 II 8T FL BLISMEI), and for sale at the oflbee «f
 Anti Blsvecy Bun.fer.J
 -rbe Legion of Liberty, and Force of Truth, 10« h
 edition.
 This work contains ah** 230 page* of clone
 rending; 300 eminent amhoriiies, and ahonl sixty
 dfestmsve engravings. F»ue 374 cu. m -nrihn.
 and 23 cents in paper cover* A teiy liberal dfe-
 PMwt h&gt; thorn wtm purchase a munher of copses,
 rhe Cundihim, Isflas r., Rights, *nd A*wnJ
 W «men, from variumi antbur*, 124 rente,
 th^Mmmr P Tfe touching
 J£i». ThmMiam
 Wm. W. Brwwa’s Uchme More the Female A 8
Philip a. whiter Drag**,mm of i*w
 fort *ad Gold Street-
WILLIAM 9. POWELL, Sufor'a Horae,
 tlmy Street.
 D*.’ M’CCNE SMITH* N, Wra* Bfeod-
 T/LN NINOS, Sorgeon-DwtiM* 180, North
 Bnohnp
~OL LV, Boot oral Skoo Moker,
 CrM»*ry Street, Brooklyo-
 N.B. Ktpoinog Matty -mrated at ftt tkonoot
 oottce ami on the most raasoimlifo taroM.
lITM. H. TOPP, Mere hour Tailor, Mt Brood
 T Also an extensive martatat of Cravats,
 Stock*. Hosiry, Glove*, ftc.
 Albany, Feb. 11, I*4B.
GENTEEL BOARDING HOUSE.
 U 1! I ARLES HIGHGATE, would respect folfo
 U 'Jfonß bis friendtoo.l the public,
 to oevi-te every attention to those pleased to fovov
 hi* home*’ w itb a call. The house ia nfoaaoadr
 located at 63J Broodway, Albany.
 Feb. IS* 1848. J
 YTTILLIAM RICH, Hair Dressing aad Boikraf
 Saloon, Troy House, Troy, New York.
 TL ILLIAM B. LOGAN, Dealer ia Faohtonabfo
 Ikn-t* and Shoes, 80, Purchase S tract, New
 Bedford.
 W B. L. keeps constantly on hand a good assort-'
 meni, ami will sell cheap for cash. Strict attsntton
 g»d_ to custom-made aork, by Messrs. Parker uf
\V A^ ~INGTON S Gallery, 136,
 I* Mam Street, Kellogg’s Buildings, Hartford,
 Connecticut.
KOBTHAMTONWATER CURB.
 El«tridl» «Bd Hydropathy.-
 'THE public are u#| ertftiliy lutnimed, that since
 A the philosophical deductions of the learned I&gt;r.
 »&gt;l( an«, of Emory C. liege, Ga., and the* scientilk
 experiment* of Mr. Hemmer of Enghnd,* hare
 recently ami indubitably established the fart, that
 the conclusions at which the undersigned arrived ly
 llie scrisr i,f tow h, in 1844, arc in harmony with
 natitia! and 11ysioltgiral laws—to wit, that the
 b*man body, in a healthy condition, is in a potithr
 tlutmnl »taft, ami that the tlectncnl emanations
 fr&lt; nt the cuticular suifare, indicate health, er the
 svmptims aad chaiactcr of disease—ibcte is sente
 reason to hope, that certain i hy»i&lt; ians, ignorant of
 the.«e principles or natuial laws, a knowledge of
 which is essentiiil to the safe ami intelligent practice
 ol the healing art, will cease their rocileration*
 against the fositive electrical state of the
 hi man hotly, ami will hesitate to dissuade those
 whom the} have failed to relieve of their complaints,
 from seeking nature's remedy at the Korthamf*
 tom W ATt r i Rr. Tbps sustained by tie light
 ol science, the undersigned may be permitted here
 to repeat his exjeiicnre, that, in all rases where the
 wrist, stomach, or lungs, ate in the electro-negative
 condition, the patient is beyond the power of water
 to afford relief. On the other hand, when Um parts
 of the body alluded to, are in the t leetio-positive
 state, however disananged, there is ground to hop.e
 lor a cure.
 Had not the results of past years* practice
 already convinced the public of the safety or truth
 fulness ol the principles by which the undersigned ia
 governed, in detecting the symptoms and character
 of disease, ami piacti*ini&gt; the cure, the recent scien
 tific demonstration of their correctness, by I'rofessof
 Means and Mr. Heminer, could not fail to convinca
 the most incredulous.
 Gratefully appreciating the rredit so generously
 awarded lor his success as a Hydropathic I’racti
 iff i ner, by a discerning public, and the gratitude
 I evinced ly those whom he hag had the pleasure to
 tHu'' c o i their rcirijJaii't*, the nmlti will
 assiduously endeavor to sustain the credit, and merit
 tl,at gratitude, in the case of every invalid who may
 afford him an porlunitv to eflect a cure, by hts
 original ami philosi phiraf method of practice.
 i he iSorthatiij ton Water Cure is pleasantlr situ*
 al"d near liensonvjJle, oj, the west bank of Licking
 I W ater, or Mill Liver, about two and a half mil.»
 ,r t,ie centre of the town. It is conveniently
 an anged, with separate parlors, bathing ami dress',
 mg-rooms, fur Ladies and Gentlemen, well ventil
 ated and Conveniently furnished lodging rooms, and
 a variety of baths, supplied with water, which, foe
 abundance, purity, and a.laptcdness to water-cure
 purposes, is unsurpassed by that of any other esta
 blishment in this country. The scenery in this
 vicinity is picturesque and romantic. There are a
 variety of pleasant walks, sufficiently retired, to.
 a Mow water-c ure patients to appear as they should,
 plainly dressed, enjoying ilw-i r rambles without
 being exposed to public gaze or observation.
 Among the complaint^which are here successfully
 treated, are headache, tendency of blood to the licuj
 cold extremities, gf iier.il and nervous debility, bron
 chitis, pulmonary affection, liver complaint, jann
 dice, acute or chronic inflammation of the bowels,
 P*J f general debility, nervous and spinal
 after lions, inflammatory and chronic rheumatism,
 neuralgia, sciatica, lame limbs, paralysis, fevers, salt
 rheum, scrofulous and erysipelas humors.
 All patients who visit this establishment for a
 course ol treatment, should furnish themselves with
 tnree comfortables, three woollen blankets, one or
 two linen and three cotton sheets, two pillow rases
 six or eight crash thwels, some well worn linen, tJ
 cut for fomentations, an old cloak or mantle, an us
 brella, and a pair of slippers.
 Terms for treatment and board are 95 50 to.
 88 50 per week, payable weekly—washing extra.
 A patient who Irom choice or the character of his
 complaint, occupies a room alone on the third floor
 flilHufJl* 00 P r lhe f,r second
 floors 88 50 per week. Patients requiring extra
 attention or fire m their rooms, (except for swath
 mg purposes,) will furnish their own nurses and fuel
 or pay an extra price.
 I&gt;- RUGGLES.
 Northampton, March 1848.
 N.B. Visitor, to tlie Establishment, from the
 east, west, or south, ran take tlie cars of the Conn.
 R.v. r Railroad at Springfield. Carriages will
 always be ,n readiness at tlie depot, M.
 convey them hitlier.
 human blood, in a normal and healthy ran
 ditnui of tlie human system, is in a positive state
 w inch is constantly maintained by the activity of the
 generating sources within—an excess generally pass
 mg off hi silence from the cutirular surface, so Unt
 out ol 356 experiments made by Mr. Ilenuner of
 England,upon Uie uncovered skin,” 522 indicated
 tlie presence of positive electricity. This i
 of tlie fluid up. *n the surf ire, we believe to hhinTia
 pefffuble ti&gt; tit? l«#*2fllfliTitl of tlie n j lo u
 -mmal economy, ami that when, from any cause
 er-dm,,nulied r ceases, diseased artsS, rnmr,.*
 Gnnuddresa, delivered before the Medical College f
 Hi? °u n,n 'i Sr *r mi
 47 r V Means, A.M., M.D.. ProW—rr
 t liem.stry and Pharmacy, Profe,*, r of Physical
 fti ieuce in Lmory College, Ga., jug. JJ5£
ATHOL U ATE ft CCRE.
 T E beg. leave to P attention
 »n*a»xle, especially thnm suffennir from
 Atfed',' Mum" 141 b Jrw F wl,i establubiLot in
 Hi* h'Uw was opened for th,- reception of patients
 T**° n 4 t n M** VMI offers e xrr flrntfecili-.
 ties lor a philoaophie awl thorough .ou.se in hydro
 palhy. Ihe supply of wan-r is aimndant, aiul ha
 IMiritv has been pronounced “equal to water on a
 distilled. t iip fiwaif in is quite eligible, being but
 a sfewt di/lame from U&lt;e V. fo M. railroad. TW
 vicinity abounds iu a vaiicty of scenery, and
 charming grottels for walks a.sl rambles. Ho that
 with the water, swuaMr regimen, mountain sir nwfl
 exercise, inienti can scarcely fail u, .a..-.:I
 lieu Uhl ol results for which they labor,
 r. *'ke follow Uig rase illustrates this reamrfc Mr.
 b wife of Ih-a. 8., of Warwick, Mass'., and
 about thirty -five years, was br.mght u» mi U.I
 August. Her caw presented the following nhewo.
 ute.ia. Il pfeced in an erect position, and left un
 *uj ported, slw* fiirthwith ft|| bnckwsr.l .l,
 gf.w«sl. If being well s«*LZf I**
 iff.-, c ..a, ~!L r*
 rlespite her effort* u. ife cui,ir«,« forward,
 other. She ff
 year ller -*T! condition nearly a
 stsstml t i
 note wan cone. ft.ore her mT. i r
 bas couti, mcl TTv m C femdy, *he
 Aaomtic d«Ue*7LT! m
 iSSttiiws
 b*i«dage* e&lt;&gt; amsked, with old ham tor
 iJtrtL* 0 &lt;fo*for» pa* week, asestnd-
 I? l T or dwice of the patients.
 re particular in Urn sefoclioa of
 U
 A*hol. March, GEORGE HOYT.
▼HE! DELAWARE ABOLITIONIST
 Ay,fW the abnvw wn be pwblishan m
 w ilmiagtoa, by dm Mawars Aati*Bla*e*y
 yfe pn year, nr far kwMha
 uevotsul to emancipation in Debt warn, and aril «dk
 Rs arcomphskmant by afl latdU Mfea. It
 bn ptthliiktl M rnmm wnrnfo
 .^r^^lvw.-ttaaar 4
 f MK:
