Notices.
N«* Twk AatMhvetr
 The Executive ('oMittee will w*&lt;
 Tuesday evening next, Sept. 26, at *l*«
 Antt-SlaVery Office, 26, Buffalo Street.
 Attendance is requeued xt 7 o'clock pre*
 carol v.
 W. C. NELL, Rec. Sec.
 AilMlarerr Xcetiaf.
 Tar Gtxev* Lame*’ A. S. 8. Society
 pi re notice that they hare secured the ser
 vices of Mr. FatDC«fc« Doer,lash, to deliver
 an address before them on the evening of the
 third Wednesday of October. The public
 are respectfully invited to attend.
 Mas. BLAND, See.
 Mas. MARY JEFFRY, Pres.
Autfeftluvery t’euveutiou at Harwich.
 During the day previous to that appointed
 fi»r the Convention, there were strong indica
 tion* of a storm, which made the friends
 apprehensive that the meeting would be a
 failure, as it was to ba held in a grove.
 There were meeting-houses, and acbteU
 houses, and a large academy, all unoccupied.
 y«A the claims of humanity may not be urged
 in them.
 However, at the time appointed came fair
 weather; and an audience of upwards of a
 hundred assembled in a beautiful grove, just
 targe enough, iost shady enough, and alto
 gether right,—last year when a similar meet
 tag was held, only about half a dozen came
 together. The general subjects of Freedom
 and Slavery were discussed during the day,
 and remarks made calculated to produce a
 sense of individnal responsibility, of self-re
 spect, and of true independence.
 Friday Morning. Met, according to ad
 journment. The meeting was organised,
 Zebina H. Small being appointed President,
 and Esekiel Thatcher Vice President.—
 Charles Steams and Lucy Stone, Secretaries.
 A Committee on Finance was also appointed,
 but the names were lost.
 Parker Pillabury presented the following
 resolutions:—
 1. Resolved, That our nation's Religion is
 a lie, and our government a crime—deserving
 not the support, but the execration of every
 friend of justice and humanity.
 2. Resolved, That the mass of our minis
 ters are monsters in human form, boasting
 that they have power to abolish Slavery in
 one single year, and yet sanctifying and sup
 porting it from year to year.
 3. Resolved, That oui Constitution is a
 covenant with death, our Union an agreement
 with hell—binding the people cf all the
 States, to sustain and support the Slave
 breeding, Slave-trading and Slave-holding of
 the South.—
 4. Resolved, That such a government is
 treason to the Majesty of Heaven, rebellion
 against the government of God—and to vote
 under it or to hold office in it, knowing its
 character, is a crime, scarcely less than blas
 phemy against the Holy Ghost.
 5. Resolved, That the only recommenda
 tion of General Taylor to the Presidency, is
 his BLOOD-HOU N D butchery of the Semi
 nole Indians, and his successful massacre of
 the Mexicans, at the command of Slavery—
 both of which atrocities were sternly op
 posed by the Whig party, from whence came
 his nomination to the highest office in the
 people's gift.
 6. Resolved, That the surperlative mean
 ness and unparalleled sycophancy of General
 Gass, in crawling down to lick the spittle of
 Southern Slaveholders, was the only recom
 meniation and eligibility he possessed, to be
 the candidate of the democratic party for the
 Presidency of the United States.
 7. Resolved, That James G. Birney was
 dropped by the Liberty Party, on the ground
 that John P. Hale {who was never an abo
 iitionst) was the more available candidate—
 and now J. P. Hale is superseded by Martin
 Van Buren, {an open enemy oj Anti-Slavery,)
 for the same reason—which shows that party
 as devoid of integrity and fixed principle, as
 either of the others.
 8. That the only true and righteous ground
 to which intelligent and honest men can come,
 is that of entire separation from all voluntary
 support of the government, the Constitution
 aud the Union; inscribing bravely on their
 banners, with determined spirits and trust in
 God, UNION WITH FREEDOM, UNION
 WITH JUSTH E, BUT NO UNION
 WITH SLAVERY NOR SLAVEHOLD
 ERS.
 The first resolution was discussed in the
 affirmative during the day, and the two fol
 lowing days, by Parker Pillsbury, W. W.
 Brown, Samuel Smith, S. S. Foster, Rev.
 Davis Lathrop, Win. Hunt, Lewis Ford,
 Joahua H. Robbins, F. Clark, Charles
 Stearns, and Lucy Stone and in the negative,
 by Rev. Abel Tomkins. Miscellaneous re
 marks were made by Ezra Taylor, Elkanah
 Nickerson, James Lawrence, Eldndge, and
 others.
 The pro-slavery character of the church
 and clergy was moat fully exposed,—its
 hypocritical mask torn off effectually, and our
 nation's religion proved to be a lie. Never
 were words of earnest remonstrance, and
 calm rebuke, more faithfully uttered. Never
 did the spirit of pro-slavery writhe in greater
 agony then on this occasion, when its naked
 dcfoimity was exhibited, while none were
 found able to throw around it shield, or covet
 ing. Towards the close of the meeting on
 Saturday, an effort was made to create dis
 turbance, by some young men, who were
 trying to persuade a man (said to be half
 crazed, but who notwithstanding, said many
 true things) to interrupt and disturb the
 speakers, and when allusion was made to the
 conduct of these disturbers, they (probably
 as others would not suppose themselves qd
 dreeaed) came up around the platform, led on
 by one Nathaniel Chase, Jr., who used the
 most insulting language to the speakers on
 the platform, mingled with the question from
 one and another ‘Do you call me a rowdy?’
 and shouts of 1 throw them down Where is
 the darky?' Ate. Order was at length restored,
 and the meeting was closed by a song from
 w. W, Brown, and the people quietly dis
 jKTsed.—Liberator.
 Bbief History or the Navy.—The new
 work lately published by authority, and com
 pilsd from the records of the navy department,
 thns briefly sums up the casualties” among
 naval officers since the United Stales have had
 a navy;
 Died VM4
 Killed in action
 Killod in duels tf|
 Killed by accidents 7
 Drowned «7
 Ix«t st sea 87
 Murdered 6
 Resigned I 35
 Daisnnaced 402
 Cekirred 51
 Discharged under peace establish
 ment 277
 Dior barged 106
 la urt appearance or unknown 645
 Deserted 3
 in service
 5,768
 JTibaway Slav*.—Quit® interesting
 caae of a runaway slave waa tried at the
 CentreviUe jail, before Justine Rowbsonon,
 last week. The negro's name is Jim Hawk
 ins, and be is claimed as a ruosyay by a geo
 tfeinan of Prince George’s cousty, ssmsd
 Bowling. Jim says be is free, and that be
 was liberated by Dr. Denny, of Baltimore
 Ins identity could not be established, however
 though the testimony at limes wore a very
 threatening aspect against Jim's liberation.
 After examining witnesses, and bearing couo
 »el on both sides, tbe rase was postponed til)
 the 30th iusl.— Et. pep&gt;r.
THE NORTH STAR.
ROCHESTER, SEPTEMBER 29, 184 ft.
Am Address «e the Oils red People sf the
 United States.
 Fellow CocNTtrnnt:—
 Under a solemn sense of duty, inspired by
 our relation to you as fellow sufferers under
 tbe multiplied and grievous wrongs to which
 we as a people are universally subjected,—
 we, a portion of your brethren, assembled in
 National Convention, at Cleveland, Ohio, take
 tbe liberty fo address you on the subject of our
 mutual improvement and social elevation.
 The condition of our variety of the human
 family, hat long been cheerless, if not hope
 less, in this country. The doctrine persever
 tafly proclaimed in high places is church and
 state, that it is impossible for colored men to
 rise from ignorance and debasement, to in
 telligence and respectability in ibis country,
 has made a deep impression upon the public
 mind generally, and is not without its effect
 upon us. Under this gloomy doctrine, many
 of us have sunk under tbe pall of despondency,
 and are making ao effort to relieve ourselves,
 and have no heart to assist others. It is from
 this despond that we would deliver you. It is
 from this slumber we would rouse you. The
 present, is a period of activity sod hope. The
 heavens above us are blight, and much of the
 darkness that overshadowed os baa passed
 away. We can deal in the language of bril
 liant encouragement, and speak of success
 with certainty. That our condition baa been
 gradually improving, is evident to all, and
 that we shall yet stand on a common platform
 with our fellow countrymen, in respect to po
 litical and social rights, is certain. The spirit
 of the age—the voiee of inspiration—the deep
 longings pf the human soul —the conflict of
 right with wrong—the upward tendency of
 the oppressed throughout the world, abound
 with evidence complete and ample, of the final
 triumph of right over wrong, of freedom over
 slavery, and equality over caste. To doubt
 this, is to forget the past, and blind our eyes
 to the present, as well as to deny and oppose
 the great law of progress, written out by the
 hand of God on the human soul.
 Great changes for the better have taken
 place and are still taking place. The last ten
 years have witnessed a mighty change in the
 estimate in which we as a people are regard
 ed, both in this and other lands. England
 has given liberty to nearly one million, and
 France has emancipated three hundred thou
 sand of our brethren, and our own country
 shakes with the agitation of our rights. Ten
 or twelve years ago, an educated colored man
 was regarded as a curiosity, and the thought
 of a colored man as an author, editor, lawyer
 or doctor, had scarce been conceived. Such,
 thank Heaven, is no longer the case. There
 are now those among us, whom we are not
 ashamed to regard as gentlemen and scholars,
 and who are acknowledged to be such, by
 many of the most learned and respectable in
 our land. Mountains of prejudice have been
 removed, and truth and light are dispelling the
 error and darkness of ages. The time was,
 when we trembled in the presence of a white
 man, and dared not assert, or even ask for our
 rights, but would be guided, directed, and
 governed, in any way we were demanded,
 without ever stopping to enquire whether we
 were right or wrong. We were not only
 slaves, but our ignoranoe made us willing
 slaves. Many of us uttered complaints
 against the faithful abolitionists, for the broad
 assertion of our rights; thought they went too
 far, and were only making our condition
 worse. This sentiment has nearly ceased to
 reign in the dark abodes of our hearts; we
 begin to see our wrongs as clearly, and com
 prehend our rights as fully, and as well as our
 white countrymen. This is a sign of progress;
 and evidence which cannot be gainsayed. It
 would be easy to present in this connection, a
 glowing comparison of our past with our pres
 ent condition, showing that while the former
 was dark and dreary, the present is full of
 light and hope. It would be easy to draw a
 picture of- our present achievements, and
 erect upon it a glorious future.
 But, fellow countrymen, it is not so much
 our purpose to cheer you by the progress we
 have already made, as it is to stimulate you
 to still higher attainments. We have done
 much, but there is much more to be done.—
 j While wc have undoubtedly great cause to
 thank Gud, and take courage for the hopeful
 changes which have taken place in our condi
 tion, we are not without cause to mourn over
 the sad condition which we yet occupy. We
 are yet the most oppressed people in the
 world. In the Southern states of this Union,
 we are held as slaves. All over that wide
 region our paths are marked with blood. Our
 backs are yet scarred by the lash, and our
 souls are yet dark under the pall of slavery.—
 Our sisters are sold for purposes of pollution,
 and our brethren are sold in the market, with
 beasts of burden. Shut up in the prison-house
 of bondage—denied all rights, and deprived
 of all privileges, we are blottod from the page
 of human existence, and placed beyond the
 limits of human regard. Death, moral
 death, has palsied our souls in that quarter,
 and we arc a murdered people.
 In the Northern stales, we are not slaves to
 individuals, aot personal slaves, yet in many
 respects we are the slaves of the community.
 We are, however, for enough removed from
 the actual condition of the slave, to make us
 largely responsible for their continued en sfeve
 ment, or their speedy deliverance from chains.
 For in the proportion which we shall rise in
 i the scale of human improvement, in that pro
 portion do we augment tbe probabilities of a
 speedy emaneipation of our enslaved fcliow
 countrymen. It is more than a mere figure
 iof speech to say, that we are aa a people,
 chained together. We are one people—one
 j in general complexion, one in a deg
 radation, one in popular estimation. Aa coe
 j rises, all must rise, and aa one fella all moat
 fall. Having now, our feet on tbs rock oi
 freedom, we most drag our brethren from the
 slimy depths of slavery, ignorance, sod ram.
 j Every one of us should be -ihimsii to nnsaid
 or himself free, while his brother is a slave.—
 Tbs wrongs sf mu brethren, should he out
 eoostast theme. There should be no time top
 precious, no calling too boly, no place too eJ
 ered, to make room for thu cause. We
 should not only feel it to be the cause of hu
 manity, but the mam at ehristtamty, and fit
 work for men and angels. We ask you to
 devote yourselves to this cause, as one of the
 first, and most successful means of uolf im-
provement.* Is that careful study of ft, yos
 will learn voaf own rights, and numpto hrod
 tbe vista of coming rime, your high, and God
 appointed destiny. Many of tbs brightest end
 beet of our number, have become such by toeir
 devotion to this cause, sad the somety of white
 abolitionists. The fetter bate been willing to
 make themselves sf in reputation forsur sake,
 and in return, let ns show ourselves worthy
 of their teal and devotion. Attend Anti-sfe
 very meetings, show that you are interested
 in the subject, that yon hate slavery, and fore
 those who ats laboring for is overthrow.—
 Act with white Abolition societies wherever
 you can, and where you cannot, get op soci
 eties among yourselves, but without exclusive
 ness. It will be a long time before we gain
 all our rights and although it may seem to
 conflict with our views of human brotherhood,
 we shall undoubtedly for many years be com
 pelled to have institutions of a complexions
 character, in order to attain this very idea of
 human brotherhood. We would, however,
 advise our brethren to occupy memberships
 and stations among white persona, and in
 white institutions, just so fast as our rights
 are secured to us.
 Never refuse to act with a white society or
 institution because it is white, or a black
 one, because it is black. Bat act with al*
 men without distinction of color. By so act
 ing, we shall find many opportunities for re
 moving prejudices and establishing the rights
 of all men. We say avail yourselves of white
 institutions, not because they are white, bat
 because they afford a more convenient means
 of improvement. But we pass from these
 suggestions, to others which may be deemed
 more important. In tbe Convention that now
 addresses yon, there has been much said on
 the subject of labor, and especially those de
 partments of it, with which w f e as a class have
 been long identified. You will see by the
 resolutions there adopted on that subject, that
 the Convention regarded those employments
 though right in themselves, as being never
 ibeltjs, degrading to us as a class, and there*
 fore, counsel you to abandon them as speedily
 as possible, and to seek what are called the
 more respectable employments. While the
 Convention do not inculcate the doctrine that
 any kind of needful toil is in itself dishonora
 ble, or that colored persons are to be exempt
 from what are'called.menial employments, they
 do mean to say that such employments have
 been so long and universally filled by colored
 men, as to become a badge of degradation, in
 that it has established the conviction that col
 ored men are only fit for such employments.
 We therefore, advise you by all means, to
 cease from such employments, as far as practi
 cable, by pressing into others. Try to get your
 sons into mechanical trades press them into
 the blacksmith’s shop, the machine shop, the
 joiner's shop, the wheelright’s shop, the
 cooper’s shop, and the tailor’s shop.
 Every blow of the sledge hammer, wield
 ed by a sable arm, is a powerful blow in
 support of our cause. Every colored me
 chanic, is by virtue of circumstances, an ele
 vator of his race. Every house built by black
 men, is a strong tower against the allied hosts
 of prejudice. It is impossible fur us to attach
 too much importance to this aspect of the sub
 ject. Trades are important. Wherever a
 man may be thrown by misfortune, if he has
 in his hands a useful trade, he is, useful to his
 fellow man, and will be esteemed accordingly;
 and of all men in the world who need trades
 we are the most needy.
 Understmd this, that independence is an
 essential condition of respectability. To be
 dependent, is to be degraded. Men may in
 deed pity us, but they cannot respect us. We
 do not mean that we can become entirely in
 dependent of all men that would be absurd
 and impossible, in the social state. But we
 mean that we must become equally iudepen
 dent with.other members of tbe community.
 That other members of the community shall
 be as dependent upon us, as we upon them.—
 That such is not now the case, is too plain to
 uced an argument. The houses we live in
 are built by white men—the clothes we wear
 arc made by white tailors—the hats on our
 heads are made by white hatters, and the shoes
 on our feet are made by white shoe-makers,
 and the food that we eat, is raised and culti- i
 vated by whits men. Now it is impossible
 that we should ever be respected as a people,
 while we are so universally and completely
 dependent upon white men for the necessaries
 of life. We must make white persons as de
 pendent upon us, as we are upon them. This
 cannot be done while we are found only in!
 two or three kinds of employments, and those]
 employments have their foundation chiefly, is
 not entirely, iu the pride and indolence of tbJ
 white people. Sterner necessities, will brio J
 higher respect,
 Tbe fact is, we must not merely make thJ
 white roan dependent upon us to shave h*«l
 but to feed him; not merely dependent upoJ
 us to black his boots, but to make them, ifl
 man is only in a small degree dependent os ul
 when he only needs his bouts blacked, m hffi
 carpet bag canted as a hide fees pride, and
 little more industry on bis part, may enable hiu
 to dispense with our services entirely. As wise
 men it becomes us to look forward to a stats
 of things, which appears inevitable. Tbe
 time will come, when those menial employ
 ments will afford less means of living than
 they now do. What shall a large class ol
 i our fellow countrymen do, when whits men
 find it economical to black their swr boots,
 and shave themselves. What wiU they do
 when white men learn to wait on themselves
 i We warn you brethren, to seek other and
 more enduring vocation*,
 i Let os entreat you to tare your attention to
 agriculture. Go to farming. Be tillers ol
 i the sod. Oh this point we could say much,
 hot the time and space will not permit. Out
 i dues are overran with mesial laborers, while
 the country taeJoqneatly pleading for the hand
 i of industry to tiß her sod, sad reap the ro
 i ward of boneat’fehur. We beg and iatresi
 f yon, to save your mooev—live economically—
 i dispense with finery, and the gaitiee which
 have tendered us proverbial, and save you
 money. Nat for) the senseless purpose et
 being bettor off than you neighbor, but that
 r you may ho able to adeems your children,
 and reader you ehare to the common stock oi
 prosperity and happiness around you. it is
 i plant that the equably whisk ws ana to an
 cumpksh, can only he achieved by as, whan
 t we can do far others, just what others can ds
 i for os. Wo should therefore, press into all
 t j the trades, pteforefoos andcaUugs, into which
 1 booorsfafe w hite ana pram.
We would ta this couwcCtten, dfcuet jour
 attention to tkffimeeiw by whfeliwuhHvu been
 oppressed and degraded. Chief suMtg those
 means, we auf mention the pec an This en
 gine has brought to the aid of prejudice, u
 thousand stings. Wit, ridicule, fefee philoso
 phy, and aa impure theology,
 low black-guanhmn, come through this chan
 nel tato tbe phbite mind constantly feeding
 sad keeping alive against as, the bitterest hate.
 Tbe pulpit too, has been arrayed against us.
 Men with sanctimonious fees, have talked of
 our Ming descendants oi Ham that we
 •ro under a suras, and to try to improve oar
 condition, is virtually to counteract the pur
 poses of God!
 It fe easy to tee that the means which have
 been used to destroy tie, mast be used to lave
 us. Tbe press must be used in our behalf
 aye! we meet nee it oaredvea; we must
 take and read newnapers; we must read
 hooka, improve our nJBi, end pot to silence
 and to shame, our opposere.
 Dear Brethren, we have extended these re
 marks beyond the length which we had allot
 ted to ourselves, and roust now dose, though
 we have but hinted at the subject. Trusting
 that our words may foil like good seed upon
 good ground; and hoping that we may all be
 found in the path of improvement and pro
 grc»»
 We are your friends and servants,
 (Signed by the Committee, in behalf
 of the Convention)
 FREDERICK DOUGLASS,
 H. 8188,
 W. L. DAY,
 D. H. JENKINS,
 A. H. FRANCIS.
 11, G, Warner, Esq., (Editor of the
 Rochester Courier.)
 Sir :—My reasons—l will not say my apol
 ogy* for addressing to you this letter, will be
 come evident, by perusing the following brief
 statement of facts.
 About the middle of August of the present
 year—deeply desiring to give my daughter, a
 child between nine and ten years old, the ad
 vantages of a good school—and learning that
 Seward Seminary” of this city was an in-'
 stitution of that character—l applied to its
 principal, Miss Tracy, for tbe admission of my
 daughterjintO'ihat Seminary. The principal—
 after making suitable enquiries into the child's
 mental qualifications, and informing me of the
 price of tuition per term, agreed to receive
 the child into the school at the commencement
 of the September term. Here we parted. I
 went home, rejoicing that my child was about
 to enjoy advantages for improving her mind,
 and fitting her for a useful and honorable life.
 I supposed that the principal would be as good
 as her word—and was more disposed to his
 belief, when I learned that she was an aboli
 tionist—a woman of religious principles and
 integrity—and would be faithful in the per
 formance of her promises, as she bad been
 prompt in making them. In all this I have been
 grievously—if not shamefully disappointed.
 While absent from home, on a visit to
 Cleveland, with a view to advance the cause
 of education and freedom among my despised
 fellow countrymen—with whom 1 am in all
 respects identified, the September term of
 the Seward Seminary” commenced, and my
 daughter was promptly sent to th«u school.
 But instead of receiving her into mne school
 according to agreement —and ad in honor the
 principal was bound to do, she was merely
 thrust into a room separate from all other
 scholars, and in this prison-like solitary con
 finement received the occasional visits of a
 teacher appointed to instruct her. On my re
 turn home, I found her still going to school,
 and not knowing the character of the treatment
 extended to her, I asked with a light heart, as
 I took her to mjyaide, well, my daughter, how
 do you get on at the Seminary She an
 swered with tears in her eyes, 1 get along
 pretty well, but father Miss Tracy does not
 allow me to go into the room with the other
 scholars because lam colored Slung to the
 heart's core by this grievous statement, and
 suppressing my feelings as well as I could, I
 went immediately to the Seminary to remon
 strate with the principal against the cruelty
 and injustice of treating ray child as a criminal
 on account of her color—subjecting her to soti-
 I tary confinement because guilty of a skin not
 colored like hex own. In answer to all that
 I I could say against such treatment, I was an
 swered by the principal, that since she prom-
 Stjaed to receive the child into school, she
 ihad consulted with the trustees, (a body of
 I believe unknown to the public,) and
 I that they were opposed to the child’s admission
 |to the school—that she thought at first of dis
 regarding their opposition, but when she re-
 Rnembered how much they had done for her
 In sustaining the institution, she did not feel
 mi liberty to do ao; but abe thought if I allow
 ed her to remain and be taught separately for
 I. term or more, that the prejudice might be
 Overcome, sad the child admitted into tbe
 School with the other young ladies and misses.
 Bit a lost to know what to do for the best in
 ®rut of the child, I consulted with Mis.
 hrogfero and others, and the result of tbe
 ouauhatiou was, to take my child from the
 Seminary, as allowing her to remain there in
 such circumstances, could only serve to de
 grade her in her own eyes, and those oi the
 other scholars attending tbe school. Before,
 however, carrying out my determination to
 withdraw tbe child from the Seminary, Mias
 Tracy, the principal, submitted the question oi
 the child’s reception to each scholar individual
 ly, and 1 am sorry to say, in a manner well
 calculated to rouse their prejudices against
 her. She told them if there was one objection
 to receiving her, she should be excluded and
 said if any of theta felt that she had a preju
 dice, and that that prejudice needed to be
 tfreegthened, that they might have time te
 whisper among themselves, in order to in
 crease and strengthen that projudioe. Toons
 young lady who voted to receive the child,
 she said, as if fe utoauhment; “did you
 mean to vote so? Are you accustomed to black
 pctaomV* Tbe young fedystood silent; the
 question was so extraordinary, and withal
 so ambiguous, that she knew not what answer
 to make to it. D**piie however, of tiro no
 womanly seuduet of the principal, (who, what
 ever may ha her religious feitb, has not yet
 learned thu ampfaet pnneipleof Christianity—
 do to others as ye would that others shswld ds
 unto you)—thanks to the uaeorraptihle virtue
 "fchtidhood and youth, in the fetuses of then
 Mao *f them, to share with them tits Menmngv
 and privilege* of the school; and when asked
 »here the should ait if admitted, several
ymng ladies ■boated By me, by
 After lb matidestmJoa «f mtimnl on lb
 pwt of ifte Khofen, one would bare ooppooed
 bat ail oppnaitMHi on the pvt of the principal
 would bare ceased but bis was aut «be case
 The child’s admission was subjected to a se
 verer test. Each scholar was then told by the
 principal, (bat the question most be submitted
 to tbeif parents, and that if owe parent object
 ed, the child would not be received into the
 school. The neat morning nsr child went to
 school as ssual, but returned with her books
 and other materials, saying that one person
 abated, and that aha was thuirfnri sirluitiul
 from the Seminar
 Now, sir, these are the whole beta, with
 one important exception, and that fact is, that
 you are the person, the only person of all the
 parents sending young ladies and misses to
 that Seminary, who was hardened and mean
 enough to take the responsibility of excluding
 that child from school. Isay, to you exclu
 sively belongs the honor or infomy, of attempt
 ing to degrade an hmoeent child by excluding
 her from the benefit of attending respectable
 school.
 If thia were a private affair, only affecting
 myself and family, I should possibly allow it to
 pass without attracting public attention to it;
 but such is not the case. It is a deliberate at
 tempt to degrade and injure a large class of
 persons, whose rights and fadings hare been
 the common sport of yoomdf, and such per
 sons as yourself, for ages, and 1 thiak it Bit
 wise to allow you to do as with impunity.—
 Thank God, oppressed and plundered as we
 are, and bare been, we are not without help.
 We hare a press, open and free, and have am
 ple means by which we are able to proclaim
 our wrongs as a people, and your uwn infamy,
 and that proclamation shall be as complete as
 the means in my power can make it. There
 is a sufficient amount of liberality in the pub
 lic mind of Rochester to see that justice is
 done to all parties, and upon that liberality I
 rely. The young ladies of the school who
 saw the child, and had the best means of de
 termining whether her presence in the school
 room would be offensive or degrading to them,
 have decided in favor of admitting her, with
 out a dissenting vote. Out of all the parents
 to whom the question of her admission was
 submitted, not one, except yourself, objected.
 You are in a minority of one. You may not
 remain so; there are perhaps others, whom
 you may corrupt, and make as much like
 yourself in the blindness of prejudice, as any
 ordinarily wicked person can be.
 But you are still in a minority, and if 1 mis
 take not, you will be in a despised minority.
 You have already done serious injury to Se
 ward Seminary. Three young ladies left the
 school immediately after the exclusion of my
 daughter, and I have heard of three more, who
 had intended to go, but who have now declin
 ed going to that institution, because it has giv
 en its sanction to that anti-democratic, and
 ungodly caste. I am also glad to inform
 you that you have not succeeded as you hoped
 to do, in depriving my child of the means of a
 decent education, or the privilege of going to
 an excellent school. She had not been exclu
 ded from Seward Seminary five hours, before
 she was gladly welcomed into another quite
 as respectable, and equally Christian to the one
 from which she was excluded. She now sits
 in a school among children as pure, and as
 white as you or yours, and no one is offended.
 Now I should like to know how much better
 are you than me, and how much better your
 children than mine We are both worms of the
 dust, and out children are like us. We dif
 fer in color, it is true, (and not much in that
 respect,) but who is to decide which color is
 most pleasing to G«d, or most honorable
 among men But I do not wish to waste
 words or argument on one whom I take to be
 as destitute of honorable feeling, as he has
 shown himseTf full of pride and prejudice.
 FREDERICK DOUGLASS.
 Hon. John P. Hale.
 We owe an especial debt of gratitude to
 this gentleman for the pamphlets and valuable
 Congressional documents with which he has
 favored us during the last Congress among
 uhese, a copy of the Treaty with Mexico,
 just received. Mr. Hale is not among those
 who would keep any portion of his fellow
 countrymen ignorant of the laws and politics
 of the land. f
 We would also express our heartral thanks
 to J. R. Giddings and J. G. Palfkit, for
 similar favors.— r. o.
 ILr’ We have received a letter from our vig
 ilant correspondent George W. Gomes, giv
 ing cheering accounts of Anti-slavery meet
 ings held in the brick Wesley church, Phila
 delphia, which were addressed by Lncretia
 Mott, C. M. Burleigh, Rush Plainly, and
 other distinguished friends of the slave. It
 is really a source of sincere pleasure, to see
 the lively interest beginning to manifest itself
 in the cause of freedom, among the religious
 ;xjitiou of our peoplein that city. They have
 long slumbered, when they should have been
 up sod doing, and it is evident that much of
 ■olid good has bees lost in consequence of this
 slumbering on their part. Our correspondent
 anys that the people are taking the matter into
 their own hands. This is as it ought to be.—
 Unless the clergy will come up and take the
 bad, our people should take the lead from
 them.—r. d.
 ID* Our Brother of the Ram’s Horn, thus
 largely notices the important Colored Con
 vention at Cleveland Ohio. We are thankful
 for small favors and are therefore glad that
 the Ram’s Horn deigns to notice ns at all.
 “The colored people held a Convention last
 week, in Ohio, at which Frederick Douglass
 presided. They ate represented to hare bad
 a very quiet and orderly Convention.”
 ID* The Secretaries of the Colored Na
 tional Convention, held at Cleveland, are
 requeued to send, as noon as passible, a copy
 of the proceedings of that Convention to this
 office- Our readers an anxious to sue a
 report.—r. 0.
 OaaaiT Skits, Esq. will please accept our
 thsnka for n donation of ten dollars in aid
 of ths North Sts#.
 Tst PiTTsartoH Catsoljc opposes the
 present revolutionary movement in Ireland,
 declaring its conviction of the otter impractic
 ability of all aoeh attempts.
 Scuools Ixduju.—The result of the
 late vets m Indiana, 00 the Free School
 question, t»—-to fifty-three counties, for Free
 Schttk 37,413; sgsum them W.B3A
Whore are wo 1
 Reader l Did you ever travel by railroad
 ear, along any of the groat lime that humect
 for hundreds of miles this vast continent
 Of eonrse yon have, for who has not? Then,
 when the train arrived at any halting place,
 you have very naturally asked the question,
 What place is this! Where are we I You
 were anxious to know what progress had been
 made—how far you were from the desired ter
 mination of your journey. Life has been
 called a railway train in which there is no
 stoppage by the way.” It is an apt simile
 bat wo may as we go, although there is no
 halting place, ask ourselves the question—
 Where are we and we may even suc
 ceed in gathering up an answer, in some mea
 sure satisfactory.
 W here art me About thttty years ago,
 Fulton requested the use of the Hall of Rep
 teaeutativea, to deliver a lecture on steam
 power, and its applicability to navigation.—
 He was denied, on the ground that his scheme
 was “visionary and impracticable.” Avery
 few years rolled round, and hi# 44 visionary
 and impracticable” scheme became one of the
 greatest and must important facta of modern
 history and tbe one thought that was work
 ing in the brain of that one man, and which
 he wished to communicate to the public in the
 Hall of Representatives, baa, in the course ot
 a very few years, effected more changes and
 produced greater results, than all the fret and
 fame of legislation and the thought and talk of
 legislators, ever will—ever can produce.—
 That is not saying much,” say some—“ for
 it is not tbe intention of legislators to produce
 great results—all that they want is to get of
 fice for themselves, by shutting others out of
 it.” Well, I will not dispute that point—per
 haps it is; perhaps it is not; at all events,
 did we take their word for it, we should come
 to a very different conclusion for hear some
 of them talk! their patriotism is bounded only
 by the ocean— scarcely by that, if they can
 contrive to annex” it, and their philanthro
 py by space. That day, then, has gone by—
 our legislators would not now refuse the use
 of tbe Hall of Representatives for a lecture
 on steam power, on tbe ground that the
 scheme was visionary and impracticable.
 Another discovery was made, as it were
 only a few days since. Electricity has be
 come the earlier of intelligence, and by its
 means space may yet be almost annihilated.
 The statement was made to a respectable far
 mer, not many miles distant from where 1
 now write, that a message could be sent from
 Rochester to Albany in the course of two or
 three minutes. He stoutly denied the possi
 bility of any such thing. Anything in rea
 son—but that’s impossible.” He was hard
 to convince, but the evidence of his senses was
 not to be disbelieved; and he went away
 wondering 44 what the world was coming to.
 It is a common remark now-a-days,that“th€
 most intelligent men are the most credulous.”
 This remark is, in some respects true but in
 other and more important respects it is false.
 The knowledge which intelligent men possess
 and the estimate which they have formed in
 their own minds oil the basis of that knowl
 edge, of the distant probabilities of scientific
 discovery,lead them at once to arrive at a con
 clusion, and generally a correct one, of the
 truth or falsehood of any alleged discovery.—
 It is no sign of a philosophic inind to be in
 credulous still less is that man deserving to
 be considered intelligent who is for ever run
 ning after the last discovery. Discoveries are
 often made, which, after all, are no discover
 ies—but either (he veriest humbug or the
 offspring of an over heated brain. The vision
 ary enthusiast wishes for something—prays
 for it, in the truest sense of the word his
 mind is full of it; and lo! there it is, the very
 thing he wished! The dreams of the Millen
 arians, the fanaticism of the Mormons—the
 power of performing miracles of many name
 less sects, are cases in point; many believed
 in them, but they were not the philosophic
 or intelligent. There would seein to be a
 periodical return to a belief in miraculous
 manifestations. There is nothing new un
 der the sun.” After a certain period the old
 fashion of a coat comes back again the old
 tie of a cravat, and the old belief in the su
 pernatural—Tho Salem absurdities, the witch
 burning of Judge Matthews in the Midland
 couuties of England, during tbe Common
 wealth and the foaming at the mouth and
 miraculous conception, and olbet wonder
 working exhibitions of the Kentish monastery,
 and so on, back as far as there is any history,
 secui to indicate that it returns cornet-like, at
 a distant period after having travelled a cer
 tain orbit, changing its character, awl each
 time losing a portion of its grossness, to suit
 the more advanced civilization and intelligence
 of the age. In the greater number of these
 cases, the actors have been found to be either
 grossly deluding or grossly deluded; and the
 believers have for the most part been the ig
 norant and superstitious. Nor can it be other
 wise. Where there is no bast* to rest an ar
 gument, tbe reaaooing mao cannot reason. If
 be is shut «p to a simple belief or a denial of
 what appears to him, from all his previous
 conceptions of truth and falsehood, to be a
 mere absurdity, of course he denies it. If
 what is asserted, is contrary to all the known
 laws of Nature’s operations, ai.d no proof ap
 pears of any new mode, or of any discovery
 of what is perhaps old, but hitherto unac
 knowledged be will simply say, be knows
 nothing about it. If n bears any resemblance
 to what has before repeatedly been proved to
 be a delusion, he will in all probability go
 farther, and say, This is all a lie—l don’t be
 lieve a word of il -ere long it will share the
 fate ef its predecessors; aad will become aa
 though it had never been to all buttbe viafon
 arjr, the ereduloee, and the ignorant.
 Some things are believed eves these days,
 which are sufficiently incredible and aboard.—
 Tbe following is an QHwtration quoted from
 the London Daily News of May 13th, 1946:
 Tn Bulls aho tub Kky.— Mary
 Philips, a laundress residing at No. 3 Camden
 Place, Kensington, appeared at the Police
 Court, to answer a aunreoea charging bei
 with having seed abusive language to Eliza
 beth Haines. Efaaheth Haines deemed she
 waa an faaer fa tha employ ef the defendant,
 and while at wash fa defendant's fanes, she
 (fas defendant) ;maned a sovereign, wired
 aha Housed hat (eompfamant) ofhavmg talus,
 hat she denied it, urhioh was the truth. Sami
 days after, the defendant again accused her fa
 the Bible aad the Key, of having at idea tfa
 sovereign. The Judge asked the witaen
 what fare meant far accusing her Vy the Bihh
 «d the Key. Complainant readied, tha
 when the defendant maned the aoveremn, am
 she, (cemphtunnt) had domed knnufag are
 til., H, ife (fcfaxUM to* j
Key up In a Bible, and held the handle of the
 key which waa sticking out of the Bible, on
 her finget, and when the defendant drooped it
 at her feet, she fromedmtety reclaimed, My
 God, Betsey, you have gut the roverejgn,
 and you moat leave my heww directly. The
 Judge further aahod whet waa the meaning
 of such a trial by a Bible and a Key. The
 complainant mid, she really could not my, aa
 she bad never seen or heard of soeh a thing
 before. When the defendant dropped the
 Bible and Key on the floor, she mid toe Key
 bad turned toward* her (complainant) aad had
 pointed her out as the thief, and said she
 would not have her in the home any lunger.
 When the defendant saw her again m the
 street, she called out to her, 'I know you have
 got the sovereign,’ and spit at her, and told
 her to keep it, saying ’May it do you no UL.’
 This no doubt, waa a very short and conve
 nient way of convicting a thief: but a* it wan
 devoid of *ll reason, and had no foundation,
 except in the credulity of a superstitious wo
 man, no one paid any attention to it. It fa a
 kind of revival of the old ordeal, under a dif
 ferent appearance, but still trusting to s super
 natural dccisioo, which of course was not giv
 en. The falling of the key in a certain way
 was, as almost evety one knows, tbe effect of
 a fixed and unvarying law, and it would
 have fallen just so, if there bad been no wo
 man there for it to point at.
 I read a more recent case of popular cre
 dulity in a Bristol paper, which I cannot
 find. It was to this effect:—A certain dines*
 had been unusually prevalent somewhere in
 that neighborhood. It attacked the cattle,
 first, which waa no uousual occurrence. It
 then attacked men and women, but more espe
 cially children. This peculiarity in its attack*
 led the ignorant to imagine that it was the ef
 fect of the evil eye,”—that some persona
 bad the power of bringing this disease on.
 those upon whom they looked. These sus
 pected persons were in consequence of this
 belief, like to have suffered, and but for the
 timely interference of the authorities would
 have suffered the trial for w itchcraft—sink
 and be drowned or swiin and be lynched.
 These are sufficiently melancholy illustra
 tions of superstition in the nineteenth century r
 and show that not the intelligent, but the ig
 norant are the most credulous. This and others
 like it, are the modes by which those who do*
 not relish the labor, and have little ability to
 reasou to a conclusion, endeavor to arrive at
 knowledge: it is tkeir royal road. Unfor
 tunately, however, it leaves them just as ig
 norant as they wete before they tried it.
 But this is not all. An illustration suffi
 ciently remarkable and worthy of note, can be
 had at our own door, even in this city of Roch
 ester. Were what lam about to relate, told
 me of any place at a distance, I should not
 believe it possible that any one of common
 intelligence could be concerned in it; but
 should at once conclude, that it was a mere
 dream of the visionary, or a scheme of the de
 signing and no doubt it will be so judged by
 those who read it. Which it is, I have not
 had sufficient evidence to determine. No*
 doubt a very few days will be sufficient to de
 cide the point. The case is this
 Some time since, I do not know how
 long, a man suddenly disappeared from a vil
 lage called Hydesvillc. It was suspected that
 he was murdered and to confirm this suspi
 cion, certain mysterious rappings were heard
 at his house. These rappings, as is quin?
 probable, are said to have been accounted
 for on natural cause*. Notwithstanding that,
 they have since been heard at several house*
 in this city. The manifestation,” or “spir
 it,” as it is called, gave instruction* to dig at
 the roots of a certain tree, and tbe bones of
 the murdered man would be found. The
 digging was done on the Ist, 2d, and 3d, of
 August, in tbe presence of hundreds, and of
 course the bones were not found, for they
 were not there. The spirit now says, that
 they did not dig deep enough Since then
 the bones have been forgotten, and not only
 the spirit of that man, but those of many oth-
 ers have made themselves manifest. Every
 one, indeed, may have a confab with just what
 spirit he likes. Clarkson raps to Abolition
 ists Gall, Spurzheiin, &amp;c., to Phrenologists;
 and those who are so minded bold long con
 versations with their most intimate friends de
 ceased. The mode of operation is this, and
 to the unbelieving it appears a very round
 about and clumsy contrivance, —Tbe peroott
 wishing to converse asks the question—“ Who
 are you?” There will be no answer to that
 question—because the spirit cannot speak
 The questioner then says, Are you my
 grandmother?” Perhaps there will he no
 answer to that; and he says again, 44 Are
 you Spurzheiin?” and then there will be
 quite# commotion among the boards. He
 will then ask some question of Mr. Spunheim,
 of course relating lo Phrenology and as tak
 ing a question in such a way, and on such a
 subject, always presupposes a knowledge of
 the answer, 44 there needs no ghoet to toll us
 •that.” It isaltogether a very singular affair,
 but no leas strange than true. This spirit
 rapping has also clairvoyance associated with
 it, and by means of tbe two together, the moat
 wonderful revelation*, if they are revelaiioos,
 are mede.
 These are the facto. Every one can rea
 son for himself on the likelihood of n spirit
 going to work in that way and whether ho
 woo Id not have tho common—not to say spir
 itual sense, to know that knocking, even if'
 continued to all eternity, has no meaning ex
 cept what those who bear choose to attach
 to it. That there is a rapping there can be
 no doubt, but bow it is caused is altogether
 involved in mystery. Tbe whole matter how
 evei, is not worthy of so much space aa haa
 been given to it, except as an illustration of
 our stage of progress, il i* an e» id core of
 belief in the incredible, aad a superstitious
 reverence for supernatural maaifretninav.
 which we should aoeroeiy look fat at this late
 day.
 When ore wrf We here arrived al a
 time of ebafcgw—a tone of rerefatfan—a tune
 of pvogreaaioe. Mind fa everywhere aarort
 ing its power ever matter; truth fa every
 where claiming the victory over error. The
 viola)ios of a moral, bo leas than of a physical
 law, was sorer safe from the ccoocgumt pen
 alty bet no m lean ae than ever; or rather,
 meets feftaw seek other fa more rapid too
 the penalty fa mere apparent-. The world
 red fa
 tnw. Whaler thejmnj^r 4
 oontrary, Twfa^eetioo-^«^ W
 1 and hear away the victory. War brings
 I along with it its appropo* 1 &lt;k
 i narrow, and beggary*’"** 1 I
 i thnyrereandtiminiyi***—* l^
