FREDERICK DOUGLASS, J
 M. R. I)ELANV, J Editor*.
YOL. I. NO. 40.
The NORTH KTAR is pobli-hed even
 Friday, at No. *5. Hulbtlo Street,
 (Opporntt Ike Artade.
 TERMS.
 Two dotUr* [Kr smiiim, nAntnet. No
 gobw-rqiti *n will Ik received r B ,rr,n lhtM
 •ix months.
 A&lt;fT*ctii«&gt;riwnt« n«.t ton lino* mnnrtol
 thrwe «imo. for -me -NUr; every »«li*x,ae.il m«-f
 -liwa, twenty-trsc cent*.
 The oly** «ftlK \&lt;»Rtrt Star will Ik to.turk
 RtASKRT in all it* fun** a&lt;lromte
 rjlirr.RSAt. EwaxcifaTM'*; exalt tl»e &gt;tan*bir&lt;l
 •f J'ttuc Mor tt.irr; |&gt;r &gt;rnote tint moral and in
 t-llc Itril improvement of tho Cot.Oßt I* PEOPLE,
 and U-wtcu il*e .lay of FREEDOM u» tin- Three
 MILLIOXS of oor E.XBLAVEO F«UOW Cots*
 vktxejg
 PUBLISHER’S NOTICES.
 *y All communications relatine to thn fmmnma
 acin of tlm |k.[Kr, names of siiiisciilKfs, femit
 Ju., sliouM lit ad.lrcsee.l ts Joan Dick,
 Pclilisltsr.
 Qrj- A"iiit*, and all others wn.Hn? ram.**, are
 cqiMUtsd t&lt;&gt; Ik iiccsrelc, ami lire the "*t
 tic Ommy, an I tlm Stale. Foul* Snhscrilwr is im
 escdinXcK rrc-litc I for money received.
 or&gt;* toy |m- is'hi send in? in tlte |Biyrncnt for fair
 suhscriL'n., to forward.id to one address, may
 have a fifth copy for on*- year.
 of&gt;* All L iter* and c.juimunicatiwns must be po?t
 paid.
 1.1 ST OF AGENTS.
 M SSSACHOBETT*. It. F. Walciitt, 21, Coruliill,
 Bouton; Nathan John* »n, New It-dford; If.ratio W
 F«»t T, I. •well; Jane s N. Hufliini, Lynn; &lt;.eor;e
 Evans, Worcester; Bourne Spin l’lv.nmitli;
 Ciiarles 11. S-tlt, S|irin?linl.ll; David Haggles,
 Northampton; H. &lt;'aqienter, I phm.
 M MX E.—Oliver Dennett, Portland.
 Viißsuitr. —Rowland T. Robinson, North Fcr
 risbnrsf. ,i
 C’oN x ECTtcuT. —-Jonathan Leonard, New Haven
 New llawpxhirk.—Weare Tappan, Bradford,
 fins Vokk. —Sydney If. Hay, 112, Nassau
 fStri-s-t; James McCniie Smith, 93, West Broadway;
 Joseph Post, Westbury, Hneen Coiintv; Marv llar-
 P*r, Albany; Elias D.itv, Macedon; Willetts Keene,
 uni, Clinton County William S. Baltimore, Trov
 J. F. Platt, Penn Van; J. Jeffrey, Geneva; E. L.
 Platt, Bath.
 Rhode Island. —Atnaraney Paine, Providence.
 Pennsylvania.—J. M. M’Kim,3l, North Fifth
 Street, Philadelphia; G. W. Homes, K, Exchange
 Place, Ditto; B. Bown,Pittsl&gt;ur«!i; Win. Wltip|s r,
 Cola tibia; Isaac It i! v, rts, Jacob 1.. Pax &gt;n, Norris
 town, Montgomery County, Milo A. Townsend,
 N ew Brighton.
 Ohio.—Christian Donaldson, Cin'innati; Wat
 son an I Haines, Dili Valentine Nieh .Ison, Har-
 Vey* Hirgit, Warren Samuel Brooke, Salem.
 Michigan.—ltdiert Banks, Detroit.
 i ...i t» it... fhi'imiiiriA' ('ll.
&lt;£ommumcaticms.
TIIE AMERICAN RELIGION PRO
 SLAV FRY.
 Messrs. Editors My object iri di
 recting the attention of your readers tc
 the pro-slavery tendency of the Protes
 tant religion ol this country, is to trace
 its effect on the moral, intellectual, so
 cial, and civil condition of the “colored
 |*optilation, with the hope of divorc
 ing from their minds the fatal impres
 sion, that by embracing said religion
 Abey are espousing the cause of human
 freedom. If I can successfully demon
 strate this truth, (in my opinion,) one
 of the most formidable obstacles to oui
 future advancement will he removed.—
 Therefore I assert that the P rotes
 tant religion, is note, and has been cvei
 since the days of the reformation, op
 posed to the religious, natural, civil ant
 social equality of the colored peoplt
 with the whites. It has assumed tlia
 we were by nature, nml a law o
 Providence, a distinct, and inferior peo
 pic,” that ought to be subject to th&lt;
 rule and dominion of those wlion
 (God in Ins wisdom had made superior
 «nd assigned the duty ol a guurdianship
 *ivcr us and our posterity, forever. Tie
 Protestant sects have united in proinot
 ing this doctrine for upwards ot a cen
 tury; and it may now be regarded a
 inseparable from their creed there
 fore every individual that embraces sai
 religion and lives in obedience to it
 teachings, must, from the very natur
 •of his education, and theological views
 imbibe its spirit, and principles.—
 Hence, I maintain that it ought not t
 be a matter of surprise to find the col
 •red people” religiously occupying
 pro-slavery position. The kind of ed
 ucation, and religion we have obtained
 has placed us on our present platform.
 Therefore, I cannot hurl denuncia
 lory anathema’s against the colore
 churches and clergy, as being hypo
 critical, because they occupy a pro
 slavery position. On the contrary, i
 is to my mind a distinguished mark o
 loyalty to the church, when I see it
 members taking sides with our oppres
 aors and if the term hypocrite, right
 fully belongs to any class of our people
 it is to those who arc sufficiently en
 lightened to see the evil of their position
 und still embrace it. For the majority
 who cling to those ancient laud-marks
 I entertain sentiments of regard fo
 their welfare, whilst my pity for thei
 ignorance is boundless, because the’
 know not the evil they do.”
 From the period of the America)
 revolution to the present hour, hist or
 asserts that the leaders in every inora
 movement for the benefit of the liuinai
 family, have been denounced as beinj
 cither of fanatical temperament, or het
 rodox in faith. The greut ruling idea
 that gave birth to the Declaration o
 American Independence, was oppose)
 to the legitimate doctrine of the di
 vine right ol Kings,” and would neve
 have sprang from the church, or beei
 nurtured by a spirit of loyalty to eithei
 the civil or ecclesiastical government o
 the mother country
 I he pilgrim lathers crossed the oceai
 lor the purpose of establishing a rcli
 oon&gt;0 on that would vindicate the ri 4, ht o
 man to govern himself, free from thi
 restraints of ecclesiastical intolerance
 and governmental persecution. Impel I
 cd by the dictates of our common na
 tures, they directed their course west
 ward, and after landing on the shore*
 of this Paradiseal Eden,” they form
 ed a standard of religion for tliernsHvi-,
 and their posterity, ami a g« neratiot
 cradled in the wilderness of the new
 world, vindicated, sanctified, and adopt
 ed it
 The Convention of ’76, by adopting
THE NORTH STAR.
the bold infidel doctrine that all mei
 were created tree and equal,” iiurlet
 the keystone of divinity from the deca
 logue of Protestantism, and with it thorn
 magic charms that had for centurici
 subjected the people of different nation)
 to the despotic rule of Kings and Prin
 ces. The pilgrim fathers have give!
 us an illustrious example for gioriou:
 imitation, by repudiating the religion o
 their oppressors, and adopting one thai
 was more congenial to their free spirits
 but vindicated their interest and self re
 spect, and if we ever adopt the princi
 ples, and practice the spirit of freemen,
 we will do likewise. They
 forward to the mother church K|jk
 modern Joshua, that would
 j through the rocks and quicksMftlMifdenx
 potiuo, iu the shores of freedom. Tjiey
 based their right to life, liberty, and
 the pursuit of happiness,” on authorities
 that had existed antecedent to church
 organizations—the rights of nature that
 was imprinted on the heart of man
 on the first mooring of his existence,
 The same in all times, and in all
 ages.” This revolution was not ac
 complished by a reverential and wor
 shipful obedience to the church its pi
 oneers were not Bishops, Prelates,
 Laymen, or those learned Lawyers in
 the service of the crown it was per
 formed by men professing higher and
 holier aspirations for freedom, than evei
 breathed through the nostrils of the
 Knights of the Gown, or Garter.
 It sprang from nature’s noblemen—
 the Jclfersons, the Adams’s, the Paines,
 the Franklins, and others who were the
 infidels of their own times, and the or
 thodox of coming generations. With
 them, the motto was liberty first, now
 and forever.” They made their reli
 gion sanctify right to freedom, while
 ours crucifies it.
 This faithful adherence to the funda
 mental right of man to exist on this
 globe, brought them into a powerful
 collision with the powers that be,’
 and resulted in a prodigal expenditure ol
 blood and treasure yet in this instance
 1 victory perched upon the banner of the
 faithful. In this conflict, Protestantism
 after losing a portion ol her power,
 made a base appeal to the avarice and
 cupidity of our infant nati&lt; n, (the first
 born of the earth from a divine parent
 age) yet wrapped in swaddling clothes,
 and dictated a compromise that ought to
 have been an insult to her virgin purity.
 She was successful, and loathsome dis
 grace, and dishonor followed the foul
 embrace.
 The substance of the compromise was
 simply this, that the divine right of
 Kings” should he abrogated on this con
 tinent, and the divine l ight of complex
 ion be substituted. \V. W.
 Columbus, Sept. 10th, 1848.
 Buffalo, Sep. 17, 1848.
 Dear Douglass —When 1 last saw
 you, 1 promised to notice some of the
 doings of that notorious wolf in sheeps
 clothing, Kcv. J. B. Pinney, who has at
 intervals for many years, passed through
 the country doing the dirty work ol
 slavery’s bidding, under the garb ol
 Philanthropy, as agent of the American
 Colonization Society. He has finally
 made his debut in a series of four lec
 tures before an audience of from 7o to
 IOU, a portion of which, were those that
 do not sympathise with his darling
 scheme. The base ingratitude mani
 fested towards tlte colored peoplt
 throughout his lectures, justly mer
 its the disapprobation of every honesl
 American. 1 would go at length tc
 show up his false position, were I not
 acquainted with the fact, that the menu
 and demerits of the Colonization Socie
 ty, have years since been analysed, anc
 that it has received its everlasting quie
 tus, so far as the realization of the end
 in view is to be obtained.
 He introduced himself by a mournful
 appeal, with uplifted hand, to iieaven,
 to assist the Colonization Society it;
 doing something for the down trodden
 and abused Negro. He made but very
 little progress in his remarks, before he
 got off the track of his unbounded be
 nevolence, by appealing to the prejudi
 ces of the people of the impossibility
 of the colored man’s being elevated in
 this country, and whether any of the
 audience, or even the most humble
 among the whites, would be willing thal
 the most intelligent among the colored
 men should marry their daughter; that
 the slave holders could not emancipate
 their slaves, and suffer them to remain
 at the South; that as soon as they re
 ceived education, they would demand
 equal political privileges, and their
 numbers being much greater than thal
 of the whites, they w ould become the
 law makers, and the whites subject tc
 the blacks; that the whites would nev
 er submit to black Judges, black law
 yers, See., &amp;.c.; that this government
 was not responsibile for slavery, Eng
 land was the guilty culprit, in forcing
 it upon us, and never ceasing their traf
 ic until the law was passed breaking up
 the slave trade, and then they were
 loudest in calling for emancipation.—
 Then the abolitionists were complained
 of for galling the slaveholders thieves
 and robbers, and that they ought to be
 paid for their slaves. irginia, be said
 always deplored the system, and in her
 early history more than 10,000 were
 emancipated, and were on the eve ol
 final emancipation, when the abolition
 ists commenced, which turned back
 the tide ol emancipation, and compelled
 the South to enact laws prohibiting
 emancipations on the soil; that the law
 was just; the blacks were a poor de
 graded, thievish set of beings, conse
 quently, a law that would be considered
 barbarous to inflict over an enlightened
 people, would be a just oue over those
 unenlightened—meaning the colored
 people; that they were not fit for liber
 ty unless educated. He also stated
 that the Colonization society had no
 idea ol tending ail the blacks out ol
RIGHT IS OF NO SEX—TRUTH IS OF NO COLOR-GOD IS THE FATHER OF US ALL, AND ALL WE ARE BRETHREN.
 I r ic r•* .-h
the country; that it was a scheme of
 the purest benevolence ever started in
 world; that no white laborers would
 settle in a community cursed with slave
 labor; that the rapid increase of white
 emigrants in this country, would at
 sotne future day so fill up the South that
 they would outnumber the blacks, and
 then they might legislate for their frec
 dom. He said C. M. Clay, the great
 abolitionist, told him in conversation,
 last year, when he asked him what he
 1 would do, or what would Kentucky do j
 when her slaves were emancipated;—
 and hit reply was, that he had not giv-j
 en that idea of the subject any constd-,
 jeration; no doubt said he, they would
 become so debased and profligate, that
 VKydd4»Q *dfa«&gt;d become extinct.
 BuFbc did not care for that, he was for
 benefiting the white man. The next
 hundred years, said he, without the
 carrying out of his scheme of Coloni
 zation, Would then be fotind not three
 Garrisonian abolitionists across Mason
 and Dixon’s line. But already had
 the inhabitants of Liberia arisen to
 equality with the whites, citing as proof
 President Roberts and others, recently
 in New York, and the attention paid
 them by the Mayor &amp;.c., of that city.
 I will not quote further; these were
 some of his prominent positions, as ta
 ken in his different lectures. I will
 1 now leave you to comment, if you deem
 it necessary. Every careful reader can
 sec the unreasonableness, and entire
 contradiction of his own statements,
 note two or three. He never can be
 elevated with the whites. Already on
 i an equality with those who arc in Afri
 ca. Poor degraded and profligate; but
 as soon as transported across the ocean
 to Africa, a heathen country, the trans
 ition produces all that is noble, refined, i
 and cultivated. No white laborers
 would settle in a country cursed with
 slave labor; when the emigrants fill- 1
 ed up the South so as to out number 1
 the blacks, then it would answer to leg
 islate for freedom. This is a sample ol
 that man’s reasoning, who Dr. Bacon.l
 editor of the Day Book says, that he
 not only retains, but obtained from birth
 some of that blood which he despises;
 but that he can prove him, as well as
 Roberts the President of the Republic
 of Liberia, men of no principle, dishon
 est. and much more of what constitutes!
 bad men. 1 challenged him to a dis-j
 cushion, but of course he refused. I;
 leave him to bis own destruction, which
 he is rapidly working out. I purpose
 culling a public meeting next week, and
 review his argument.
 Yours for Justice,
 A. 11. FRANCIS.
Muss its Editors According to your re
 quest and our instructions, 1 herewith send
 you a synopsis of the proceedings of the Na
 tional Convention, which closed its sittings on
 Friday evening, 7 o'clock, P. M.
 Yours for God and Libertv,
 WILLIAM 11. DAY.
 PROCEEDINGS OF THE COLORED
 CONVENTION.
 Held at Cleveland, Ohio,
 Sei*t. G, 1848.
 The Delegates of the National Con
 vention of Colored Freemen, met in the
 Court House, Cleveland, 0., Wednes
 day, Sept. 6th, 1848, 10 o’clock, A. M.
 On motion of D. Jenkins of* Ohio,
 Abner H. Francis of N. Y., was called
 to the chair, and William H. Burnham
 of Ohio, appointed Secretary.
 The enrolling of Delegates was here
 j gone through with, and on motion, a
 committee of five on organization was
 appointed by the Chair, viz :—J. Jones
 of 111., F. Douglass of N. Y., Henry
 Bibb of Mich., C. H. L angston and J.
 L. Watson of Ohio. The Committee
 reported
 For President.
 Frederick Douglass of New York.
 For Vice President.
 J. Jones of Illinoit.
 For Secretary.
 William H. Day of Ohio.
 The report of the Committee was
 adopted, and the Convention added as
 Vice Presidents, one from each State
 represented, viz:—
 Allen Jones of Ohio, Thomas John
 son of Michigan, and Abner H. Francis
 of New York.
 For Assistant Secretaries,
 William H. Burnham and Justin Hol
 land of Ohio.
 A business Committee of seven was
 then appointed. A point of order was
 here raised by A. H. Francis of N. Y.,
 as to appointing and rejecting gentle
 men from the Committee who were not
 regular delegates, which was settled
 by passing a resolution, saying that all
 colored persons present or who might
 be present were delegates, and were
 expected to participate as such.
 The Business Committee, consisted
 of the following persons:—Chairman,
 M. R. Delany, M. D., New York; C.
 H. Langston, and D. Jenkins, Ohio;
 H. Bibb, and G. W. Tucker, Mich;
 W. H. Topp, New York, and Thomas
 Broun, Ohio; and on motion two were
 added to that Committee, viz:—J. L.
 Watson, and J. Maivin of Ohio.
 On motion, a Committee on Rules
 for the government of the Convention
 was appointed, D. Jenkins of Ohio,
 Chairman.
 Also, Committee on Finance, G. W.
 Tucker of Mich., Chairman.
 The President was conducted to the
 chair by A. H. Francis, and after an
 able address from the President and the
 appointing of the above Committees,
 tiiu Convention adjourned to 2 1-2
 o’clock, P. M.
 Wednesday, 2 1-2 o’clock, P. M.,
 Second S«s**oo.
 The Convention met, President in
 the Chair. After some remarks of the
ROCHESTER, N. Y., FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 23, 1818.
President as to ihe requisites to goo&lt;
 order, the Business Committee not be
 ing ready to report, opportunity wni
 given fur a volunteer speech or song.—
 The time not being taken up. the Presi
 dent sang with applause, a litierty song
 Mr. Allan Jones of Ohio, spoke of th&lt;
 1 object of the Convention, and fhtlowei
 with a narrative of his slave-life. lit
 said he had earned for his master &amp;10,
 000, and after he had paid tor his liber
 ty, $360, and yet some people wouh
 say he was “not able to take careo
 himself.”
 The Committee on Rules here repor
 ted, and alter the discussion of propos
 ed amendment, the Report as a wholi
 was adopted. Messrs. Cox and Day
 were hereaniMottt to sing a Libert*
 song.
 F. Douglass then offered the follow
 ing resolutions: —That this Conventioi
 commends the conduct of Capt. Sayres
 and Mr. Dayton, in their noble attemp
 to rescue from cruel bondage 76 of ou
 brethren in the Capital of this Repub
 lic, and that we deeply sympathise witl
 them in their present unjust and atro
 cious imprisonment. F. Douglass madt
 a few remarks in its support. A. II
 Francis of N. Y., made a few remark
 oa an article in the “Cleveland Plain
 dealer,” abusive of Bibb and theßufia
 lo Convention, asserting that the arti
 cle was false in fact and t&lt;
 prejudice in principle. Henry Lott
 supported the resolution. Fred eric I
 Douglass followed, speaking of the prin
 ciple involved, namely, the morality o
 running away. After remarks in ac
 cordance with the invitation of th&lt;
 President by Messrs. Patterson, Fitz
 gerald, Lewis, J. M. Langston, Wat
 son of Oberlin, and Jones of 111., th&lt;
 Business Committee reported a portioi
 of the Declaration of Principles. [Sec
 Resolutions 1, 5.]
 The Pledge to sustain, was changet
 in its position so as to come after the
 Resolutions, and the preamble laid ot
 the table for the purpose of first consid
 ering the Resolutions, of which the Isi
 was passed. The *Jd, was taken uj
 and earnestly sustained by Dr. Delany.
 W. H. Day, here obtained the floor,
 when the President announced that the
 hour of adjournment had arrived,
 whereupon the Convention adjourned.
 A crowded public meeting was belli
 in the evening at the Court House.—
 The exercises were conducted by
 Messrs. Douglass, Bibb, and Delany,
 and the enthusiastic cheering showed
 how well the sentiments were received.
 Thursday, 9 o’clock, A. M« Third
 Session.
 Convention was called to order by
 the President. Prayer by the Rev,
 John Lyle of N. Y.
 The names of Delegates not present
 and who had not been present in per
 son but by credentials, were on motion
 struck out from the Roll. The minutes
 of the previous Session were then ap
 proved.
 William H. Day having the floor,
 offered an amendment to the 2d, Reso
 lution, namely, to insert the words,
 and professional”—which amendment
 was adopted.
 J. D. Patterson, here obtained the
 floor to object to some expressions used
 by M. R. Delany in discussing the 2d,
 Resolution. He argued that those whe
 were in the editorial chair and others,
 not in places of survants, must not casl
 slurs upon those, who were in such pla
 ces from necessity. He said, we know
 our position and feel it, —but w r hen he
 heard the Doctor that he would
 rather receive a telegraphic despatch
 that his wife and two childrtn had fall
 en victims to a loathsome disease, then
 to hear that they had become the ser
 vants of any man, —he thought that he
 must speak.
 Dr. Delany replied: He meant not,
 nor did the Resolution mean to cast a
 slur upon any individual, and present
 ing in a strong light the Resolution and
 its reasonableness, closed with a hope,
 that his brother (Patterson,) bad been
 convinced, as he took him to be a minis
 ter, or student for the ministry—and
 ministers exert great influence.
 John L. Watson of Cleveland, 0.,
 remarked that we were aiming at the
 same thing, but be had a different way
 ot' getting at it. He understood Dr.
 Delany, as having the day before, said,
 that if we became the boot-blacks, the
 white mechanics would look d &gt;wn ou
 us, but if we became mechanics, etc.
 they would respect us. To this be took
 exceptions.
 The President suggested that the
 discussion had taken a desultory turn,
 and that it would be best to keep to the
 question.
 After remarks by several gentlemen,
 D. Jenkins moved the previous ques
 tion, was sustained, and the 2d Rc solu
 tion’ adopted. The 3d, Resolution
 adopted also.
 The 4th Resolution was reatL and J.
 L. Watson remarked upon iffPA. H.
 Francis of N. Y., heartily supported the
 Resolution. He might, he said, relate
 an experience. He had been in nearly
 all the avocation* named in the Resolu
 tion. he had been waiter, etc., ami he
 had been in a mercantile business ol
 $20,000 or $30,000 a year, and was in
 mercantile business now. He felt thal
 we ought to take a stand in favor oQibe
 Resolution.
 David Jenkins of Ohio, was in favot
 of the Resolution. He was a naintei
 in the city of Columbus, and although,
 when first he went there he was not
 employed by others, he went to work
 and employed himself, and was there
 vet. Hq had succeeded in obtaining
 contracts from the State and County in
 which he resides.
 Frederick Douglas# took the flo w.
 He thought ‘ha* as far as speakers in
 timated that any oseml labor was de
 grading —they were wrong. He would
suggestt a Resolution so as to suit both
 j parties, which he thought might be
 clone. He had been a chimney-sweep,
 and was probably the first that had ever
 1 made the announcement fr *m the pub
 lie stand. He had been a wood-saw
 [yer. He wished not that it should
 stand thus:—White Lawyer —Black
 J Chimney-sweep; but White Lawyer,
 Black Lawyer, as in Massachusetts;
 White Domestic, Black Domestic.—
 He said: Let us say what is necessary
 ito be done, is honorable to do— and
 leave situations in which we arc consid
 ered degraded, as soon as necessity
 ceases.
 He was followed by several gentle
 men, when Messrs. Patterson, Cope
 land and Douglass, severally proposed
 amendments, which wore on motion, re
 jected.
 The 4th Resolution was adopted with
 but one dissenting vote.
 The Business Committee reported
 the remainder of the Declaration of
 Principles. [Sec Resolutions 0, 10.]
 The sth Resolution unanimously adopt
 ed.
 The oth Resolution was referred to
 a Committee of five—Henry Bibb,
 Chairman. The 7th Resolution was
 adopted. The Bth Resolution was un
 der discussion when the Convention’s
 hour of adjournment arrived.
 Thursday, 2 1-2 o’clock P. M.—
 Fourth Session.
 Convention met, President Douglass
 in the Chair. Prayer by J. D. Patter
 son. Report of morning Session read,
 corrected and approved, and Conven
 tion resumed the consideration of the
 Bth Resolution.
 William H. Topp ef N. Y., was op
 posed to this Resolution passing, for
 the reason, first that he wished to do
 nothing that would commit himself
 against the Buffalo nomination, for he
 intended to give his support and influ
 ence to Mr. Van Buren, but all who
 voted in favor of the Resolution would
 to be consistent, be compelled to oppose
 the Buffalo nominees.
 Henry Bib!) defended the entire
 equality position of the Buffalo Conven
 tion. J. D. Patterson agreed with Mr.
 Bibb.
 Mr. Day of Ohio, rose to a point of
 order, as to the propriety of discussing
 the merits cf the Buffalo Platform, un
 der this Resolution.
 The President decided that strictly
 the point of order would obtain, but as
 he supposed gentlemen to be giving
 reasons for not supporting the Resolu
 tion, a* they were in iavor of the Van
 Buren Platform, he thourght they might
 proceed. Mr. Patterson proceeded,
 and was soon called to order by the
 President for not speaking to the Reso
 lution under consideration.
 While this was pending, and after
 earnest remarks by various gentlemen,
 the Business Committee presented Res
 olutions Pl—23 for the consideration of
 the Convention.
 Resolution No. 8 was then adopted;
 Nos. 9 and 1(1 adopted.
 A Committee of five was here ap
 pointed to prepare an Address to the
 Colored People of the United States—
 that Committee to report to this Con
 vention.
 Eleventh resolution taken up and
 adopted. F. Douglass was appointed
 the Committee to carry out the spirit
 of the 11th resolution. Resolution No.
 21, with reference to time of final ad
 journment, was on motion here taken
 up and adopted.
 Twelfth resolution taken up, and af
 ter earnest remarks in its favor, adopted.
 The 13th resolution, referring to the
 Buffalo nominations, was on motion laid
 over till morning. 14th adopted. Res
 olution 15th was read, and the word
 necessary” was substituted for the
 word “justifiable,” and the resolution,
 as amended, was adopted; when the
 Convention adjourned.
 Thuiday evening, the Public Meet
 ing was held in the Tabernacle, which
 was more than filled at an early hour;
 and when at the close the audience
 joined in singing “Come join the Abo
 litionists,” and sent np three hearty
 cheers for Liberty, Equality, Frater
 nity,” the slaveocrat must have trem
 bled.
 Friday, 9 o’clock A. M. —Fifth Ses
 sion. Convention was called to order
 by Vice-President Jones, of Illinois.—
 Prayer by Rev. Mr. Kenyon, of Cleve
 land.
 The 13th resolution was then taken
 up. Messrs. Francis, of N. Y Brown
 and Jenkins, of Ohio, and Light foot, of
 Mich., spoke in its favor. C. H. Lang
 ston thought the Bth and 13th resolu
 tions conflicted, and was opposed to
 this Convention’s saying that the Buf
 falo Convention had for its object entire
 equality. He was in favor of the new
 movement, but would not be so incon
 sistent as to pass this while the other
 was on the records. The 13th, on mo
 tion, was laid on the table, for the sake
 of rescinding the Bth. The 8:h was
 rescinded, and the 13th again taken up.
 After remarks by many gentlemen, the
 Committee on the Address reported that
 they had wet, aod each had proposed a
 written abstract of what such an ad
 dress should be, aod that the Commit
 tee had appointed one of their number
 from the various abstracts to put to
 gether an address. F. Douglass here
 read the substance of the different ab
 stracts,that the Convention might know
 the substance of the address. The ac
 tion of the Committee was approved.
 M. R Delany here proposed a sub
 stitute for the Bth resolution, as follows:
 Resolved, That we recommend to oui
 brethren throughout the several States,
 to support such persons and partiei
 alone as have a tendency to enhance
 the liberty of the colored neople of ib«
 United Stale*.
 This substitute was adopted, and on
motion the 13th resolution wras adopted
 also.
 William H. Pay, Frederick Doug
 lass, John Lyle, Sabram Cox, Richard
 Copeland, and W. B. Depp, asked per
 mission to enter their dissent from the
 rote endorsing the 13th resolution on
 the minutes.
 The 14th resolution was so amended
 as to read, “to obtain their liberty,''
 instead of tho words, effecting their
 escape,” as it was thought that the
 slave might need to u- j c some other
 means for liberty than running away.
 Resolution 16 adopted. The 17th
 resolution was read, when F. Douglass
 took the floor ifc opposition to the pre
 amble, inasmuch as it intimated that
 slavery could not be abolished by moral
 means alette. Henry Bibb sustained
 the preamble and resolutions at length.
 Frederick Douglass replied.
 J. Jones, of 111., here proposed an
 amendment to the preamble, as follows:
 Whereas, American slavery is poli
 tically, as well as morally, an evil of
 which this country stands guilty; and
 whereas, the two great political parties
 of the Union have by their acts and
 nominations betrayed the sacred cause
 of human freedom; and whereas a
 Convention,” he., which was accepted,
 and the preamble, as amended, prefixed
 to the 13th resolution.
 The Secretaries were instructed to
 prepare a synopsis of the proceedings
 of the Convention, and forward it to
 Mr. Harris, Editor of the Cleveland
 Herald, and to the Editor of the North
 Star, as they had said they would be
 happy to publish them free of charge.
 H. G. Turner, Editor of the Cleveland
 True Democrat made a similar propo
 sal.
 It was also resolved to print 500 cop
 ies of the proceedings in pamphlet form,
 and the Secretaries were appointed a
 committee of publication.
 Convention then adjourned.
 Friday, P M., 2 1-2 o’clock, Sixth
 Session.
 Convention assembled, Vice Pres
 ident Jones in the Chair. Prayer by
 Rev. William Ruth of Colchester, C.
 W.
 The 11th Rule was suspended, and 5
 minutes voted as the allotted time for
 speakers. No. 19 was called up for
 reading,
 When Frederick Douglass appeared
 and Dr. Delaney asked that the Presi
 dent might now have the attention of the
 Convention as he was to leave at three
 o’clock, and had a few parting words to
 give.
 The President’s valedictory was able,
 eloquent and earnest, and a vote of
 thanks was passed by acclamation.—
 (See resolution, No. 20.)
 No. 49, on motion, was recommended
 to the consideration of the people of the
 United States.
 22d Resolution being the next in or
 der, was on motion laid on the table.—
 The 23d Resolution was about to be
 amended so as to pass a vote of thanks
 to the Sheriff having charge of the
 Court House, and to all the citizens of
 Cleveland for their hospitality, etc., as
 well as to Judge Andrews and the
 Cleveland Bar, when A. H. Francis,
 who with his lady had just returned
 from the Steamboat Saratoga, and had
 brought hack with him Frederick Doug
 lass, proposed that the resolution should
 read, to all the citizens of Cleveland
 exctpling one!” He proceeded to state
 a fact. He went on the steamboat Sar
 atoga, was asking for a cabin passage,
 was refused by the Clerk, when a gen
 tlcirfun, (God forbid, he would not say
 gentleman,) a some one in the
 audience said thing, in the
 shape of a colored man, interfered, tell
 i ing him that it was of no use for him to
 try to obtain a cabin passage on those
 boats, and intimating that colored men
 had no business in the cabin.
 The Resolution as amended was
 adopted, and another as follows
 That Alexander Bowman of the
 Steamboat Saratoga and resident of
 Cleveland, receive the burning repro
 bation of this Convention, until he re
 pents: and he did receive it, if a unan
 imous shout against him is any evidence
 of it. He was fairly ostracised.
 Messrs. J. L. Watson, J Malvin and
 J. Lott, were appointed a committee to
 inform the parties in each resolution, of
 the action of the Convention.
 Dr. Delany, from the business com
 mittee reported on No. 23, 24, 25,23,
 24, and 24. No. 24 and .25 passed.
 The Rules were then suspended, to
 hear two resolutions presented by El
 der Kenyon in behalf of the citizens of
 Cleveland, and moved their adoption by j
 O. i&gt;. O’Brien They were adopted,
 as follows, the citizens of Cleveland on
 ly, voting on them.
 Rcsolv^HtThat we hail as an omen
 of vast good to the colored people of
 this entire nation, the present Conven
 tion held in this city; and that with
 such examples of intelligence, elo
 quence, wit, and power of argument, as
 have been presented before us in the
 sentiments and speeches of the various
 members of said Convention, we are
 confident of the ultimate elevation of
 the colored populatim, to all the s icial,
 intellectual, civil and religious rights
 and immunities, of a republican and
 Christian country.
 Resolved. That we bid a hearty God
 speed to these our brethren, the sons of
 Africa, and citizens of Ainercia, in all
 well-directed and legitimate efforts to
 secure for themselves an honorable and
 elevated position amongst men.
 25 as adopted. 27
 adopted also. No. 24 taken up, but
 was almost immediately laid on the ü
 bk. No. 30 adopted.
 No. 29 as amended was adopted, as
 aU* No. 31 and 3J Th* preamble to
 the Declaration of Frtncipk* ete
 taken from the table and adopted
 On motion ofG. W. Tucks., No. m
JOHN DICK, P*sn*ne*.
WHOLE NO. —10.
w»s taken up, and after earnest discus*
 *ion indefinitely postponed. No. 99
 was here presented by M. R. Delaay,
 as it had been rejected by the commit
 tee. G W. Tucker moved its indefi
 nite postponement. The Rule was
 here suspended, and the time of ad
 journment extended to 7 o’clock. Af
 ter an animated discussion upon tire in
 definite postponement, the Rules were
 suspended to hear remarks from a lady
 who wished to say something on thw
 subject of the rights of Woman. The
 President then introduced to gie audi
 ence, jMrs. Santord, who made some el
 oquent remarks, of which the following
 is a specimen:
 From tho birth-day of Ere, the
 then prototype cf woman's destine, to
 the flash of the star ef Bethlehem, eke
 had been the slave sf power and pee*
 sion. If raised by courage and ambi
 tion to the proud trial of heroism, she
 was still the marred model of her first
 innocence; if throwti by beauty into
 the ordeal of temptation, man lost hi#
 own dignity in contemning her intellec
 tual weight, and refusing the right to
 exercise her moral powers; if led by
 inclination to the penitential life of a
 recluse, the celestial effulgence of m
 virtuous innocence was lost, and she
 only lived out woman's degradation!
 j##*
 But the day 'of her regeneration
 j dawned. The Son of God had chosen
 a mother from among the daughters of
 Eve A- Saviour, who could have
 coine into this a God-man, ready to act,
 to stiller, and be crucified, came in the
 helplessness of infancy, for woman to
 cherish and direct. Her exaltation wag
 consummated!
 True, we ask for the Elective Fran
 chise; fur right of property in the mar
 riage covenant, whether earned or be
 queathed. True, we pray to co-ope
 rate in making the laws we obey; but
 it is not to domineer, to dictate or as
 sume. We ask it, for it is a right,
 granted by a higher disposer of human
 events, than man. We pray for it now,
 for there arc duties around us, and wo
 weep at our inability.
 And to the delegates, officers, people
 and spirit of this Convention, I would
 say, God speed you in your efforts for
 elevation and freedom; stop not; shrink
 not; look not back, till you have just
 ly secured an unqualified citizenship of
 the United Slates and those inalienable
 rights granted you by an impartial Cre
 alor. ,y
 Convention passed a vote of thank#
 to Mrs. Sanford, and also requested
 synopsis of her, from which the above
 are extracts.
 A vote of thanks was here passed to
 John M. Sterling, Esq., of Cleveland,
 for the presentation of a bundle of bock*
 entitled Slavery as it is
 Discussion wns resumed on the in
 definite postponement of the Resolution
 as to Woman’s Right. Objection was
 made to the resolution, and in favor of
 its postponement, by Messrs. Langston
 and Day, on the ground that we had
 passed one similar, making all colored
 persons present, delegates to this Con
 vention, and they considered teamen
 persons.
 Frcdciick Douglass moved to amend
 the 33d Resolution, by saying that the
 word persons used in the resolution
 designating delegates, be understood to
 include woman. On the call for the
 previous question, the Resolution was
 not indefinitely postponed. Mr. Doug
 lass’s amendment was seconded and
 carried, w ith three cheers for woman’#
 rights.
 No. 31 was passed.
 The whole of the 6th Resolution wa#
 referred to the next National Conven
 tion.
 The National Central Committee ap
 pointed was—
 Frederick Douglass, N. Y,
 Charles H. Langston, Ohio,
 J. Jones, Illinois,
 Henry Bibs, Michigan,
 J. G. Britton, Indiana,
 John Peck, Pennsylvania?
 George Day, Wisconsin,
 J. P. Hilton, Massachusetts,
 Josi Ail Conville, New Jersey.
 On inquiry, it was found that tber
 Convention was composed of
 Printers, Carpenter*, Blacksmiths,
 Shoemakers, Engineer, Dentist, Gur«
 smith, Editors, Tailors, Merchants,
 wheclrights, Painters, Farmers, Physi
 cians, Plasterers, Masons, Students,
 Clergymen, Barbers and Hair Dres
 sers, Laborers, Coopers, Livery Stable
 Keepers, Bath House Keepers, Groce
 ry Keepers.
 At 7 o’clock, the Convention adjourn
 ed sine die, with three cheers for Eleva
 tion—Liberty—Equality, and Frater
 nity.
 Resolutions, Ac., presented to tM
 National Convention of Colored Free
 men by the llnsiness Committee.
 declaration or sentiments.
 Whereas, in the present position of
 the Colored people in the United Stales
 of North America, they, as a class are
 know n to the country and the intelligent
 world alone as menials and domestic#
 or servants and
 Whereas, it is apparent, as th* his
 tory of the world both ancient and
 modem will testify, that no people thus
 conditioned, from the Conventional
 order of society can attain an equality
 with the dominaol cl*** I
 Whereas, an equality of persons
 cannot be claimed, where there is not
 an equality of attainments, —attain-
 ments establishing character, and
 character being that which is essen
 tially necessary to make us equal to
 our white fellow-ecuutrvmen;—
 Resolved, that the following Declar
 ation of Pfinciplcs we pledge ourselves
 to maintain and carry out among the
 coloted people of the United States to
 the best of our ability.
 i. Resolved, That we sbaU forever
