FREDERICK DOUGLASS, _
 M. R- DELANY, J Editoss.
VOL I. NO. 43.
The NORTH KTAR hi pufcli»l»e4 evs*T
 Frt4a f, it No. 34, Rafalo Hired*
 {()ppnmtr Ikt Archie.)
 TERMS.
 Two dollar* pw annum, »jr» adooorr. h°
 onWription will hn reo ir«! f«r w
 kii month*.
 AdT«ti«mMit* not h e- l,a rUl
 thmn timr* f,« «nr dollar; *ul*oo,uent iimer-
 Uon, twenty-fire rent*.
 THr. .dijenoflhe North Star will betomtt**
 SuvtßT in all it* fi*"** an a,, l* rr,J, i adTnrate
 UffITKSSAf. EttARCirATIO!*; exalt the *Urwtar.i
 of Pun Lie HoßAt.lTf; promote the moral and in
 ti'llrrtnal .movement of the CotnRKD Pr.OPtr.;
 *uwl Wtrn .he .lav of FRKEIHIM to the THRRR
 Mil Lion* Esslaveu Kkllow Ocu-
 Yrthkk.
 PUBLISHER'S NOTICES.
 jy- Alt •nanmitinaioM rakuinf u» thn liuinfri
 •■urn of tht mer, twrt of mMocribnio, romrt
 %*’tce*, h.e., nltoulil lo ad&lt;lren*ed to JoHn Dice,,
 PtiMiclier. 1
 {yy- and all oilier* *en.lins? names, are
 «|ne*t«*ft» l« a reunite, and tire llw* Post Ofirr,
 Ik: family, and tlw- Si d*. Karti SnWrilier is im
 to*riiatelv rreditrd (or money rereirnl.
 fyy- A,iv (m ikoii wndmt in the payment for fnir
 Rulixeriher*, to lie firwardnd to oik: addre**, may
 have a fifll. for one year.
 fTJ- All letters and cotninuiiirationa must lie post
 paid.
 MSI OF AGENTS.
 Ml t«etCHt!st.TT*. —R. F. Walrnit, 21, f oruliill,
 H.Mtmi N athan Johns in, Neu lledford; Horatio W.
 Post r, |„iWfll; James N. Lynn; Georffe
 Evans, Worcester llourne S|HM.ru*r, Plymouth;
 f/harles H. Seth, Sprins;fi&lt;dd David IvMjJglcS,
 Northampton; 11. f'arpi-iiter, I'pton.
 M«ivk.— Oliier Dennett, Portland.
 V i h r o nt. —low land T. Rohiusoii, North Fer
 r* i)n\s KCTiri;t.—Jonathan Leonard, New Haven
 \kw Hampshire.—Wean- Tappan, Rradford.
 Nkw Vowk.— Sydney H. Gay, 142, Nassau
 Sip-et; Janie* MeCaae Smith, 93, West Broadway;
 Joseph’ Post, Westlmry, tlueeii Coantv; Mary Har
 per, Albany: Elias D&lt;*tv. Maeedon; Willetts Keene,
 Peru, f'Union County; William S. Baltimore, Troy;
 J. F. Platt, Penn Van; J. Jeffrey, Geneva; E. L.
 Platt, Bath.
 Klin nr. I si. A 5 ii.—Atnaraney Paine, Providence.
 pi. sssvi.v ast a.—J. M. M’Kitn,3l, Nirtli Fifth
 Street, Philadelphia; G. W. Gomes, S, Exrhan*e
 Plane, Ditto; B. Itnwn,Pittsburgh; Wm. Whipster,
 Columbia; Isaac Robi-rts, Jacob I- Paxon, Norris
 tovn, Montgomery County, Mih&gt; A. Townsend,
 N ew Brighton.
 Ohio. —Christian Donahlsun, Cincinnati; Mai
 •on and Gaines, Ditto; Valentine Nicholson, Har
 wevsburgli, Warren Co.; Samnel Brooke, Salem.
 MlCHHiAK.—Roliert Banks, Detroit.
 Indian a.—Joel P. Davis, Economy, Wayne Co.
iCommunication.
ABOLITION OF SLAVERY.
 Ohio City, Sept. 22, 1848.
 Messrs. Dougi.ass Delaiiy:
 There are those who steadily maintain
 that -Congress has power over slavery
 wherever it exists, and who will pre
 serve their principles uncontaminated
 s&gt;y pro-slavery parties and pro-slavery j
 influence; and there are those who alsoj
 uniformly contend for the desired re- 1
 forms in the State and Federal Govern
 ments, as well as the freedom of the
 public lands; and I am pleased to
 reckon Gerrit Smith as one of that
 number.
 My views in regard to what meas
 ures should constitute a broad and per
 manent platform for a Republican party,
 having for its basis such engrossing ob
 jects, are briefly stated in my letter of
 the (ith inst. to Mr. Brown, and pub
 lished this day in the Spirit of Free
 dom,” to the 18th, 19th and 20th arti
 cles of which I beg leave more espe
 cially to call your attention.
 Section 2 of Article 4 of the Federal
 Constiiution, reads:
 “No person held to service or labor
 in one State, under the laws thereof,
 escaping into another, shall, in conse
 quence of any law or regulation there
 in, be discharged from such service or
 labor, but shall be delivered up, on
 claim of the party to whom such ser
 vice or labor may he due.”
 On this clause apologizers for all the
 physical, social, moral, religious and
 political evils of slavery, principally
 rest for the coritiuance and justification
 of slavery. It was, I believe, this
 clause only which Daniel Webster cited
 in the Mississippi case.
 It is the one, if I mistake not, and
 the only one, by which seamen, ap
 prentices, and the like, escaping from
 one State into another, are recovered
 and'brought back. Criminals are also
 recovered, 1 believe, in conformity with
 this clause. It must, then, be applica
 ble to white persons as well as colored.
 Both are therefore placed on the same
 footing, go far as slavery is concerned;
 and therefore chattel slavery, or prop
 erly in man, cannot be maintained by
 this provision. It is well to observe,
 itlso, that they are to he delivered up
 to the party to whom such service or
 labor may be due,” which implies in
 debtedness or obligation to the govern
 ment, under the penalty of adminis
 trated law.
 Applying it, for argument’s sake, to
 the slave, it must be shown from some
 other clause in the Constitution that he
 has the to sell himself—and, sec
 ondly, from some reliable evidence that
 he did sell himself to the party claiming
 him; or, thirdly, that black men and
 white men may he recovered from any
 State, brought hack, and held account
 able, under the Constitution, for civil
 debt.
 It should also be observed, that
 whomsoever it may refer to, their per
 sonality is distinctly recognized, hence,
 cannot he regarded under the law as
 chattels nothing more nor less than
 man or woman.
 Another clause in the Constitution is
 the only remaining one on which pro
 slavery men hang for the perpetuity of
 slavery, (Article I, Sec. 1);
 Representatives and direct taxes
 shall he apportioned among the several
 States, according to their respective
 numbers, which shall be determined by
 adding to the whole number of free
 persons, including those bound to ser
 vice for a term of vears, and excluding
 Indians not taxed, three-fifths of all
 other persons.”
THE NORTH STAR.
That this refers to slaves when it
 speaks of three-fifths of all other per
 sons,” can only be supposed. We know
 slavery existed at that time. But there
 is no positive enactment for slavery in
 the language; and what there is that
 refers to man as a beast, or to property
 in a “person,” can only be inferred or
 doubtfully implied; and the sentence it
 self is constructed in much obscurity;
 its tone evasive and guarded, lest there
 might be something in it that would
 really express so disgraceful a thing as
 property in man! It was not therefore
 intended that it should be expressed;
 hence, the concurrence of a majority
 with Madison, that slavery would soon
 be abolished, and that the idea of pro
 perty in man should not be admitted
 into the Constitution. There was
 therefore no enactment for slavery; and
 the most favorable construction that ean
 be put upon the clause for slavery, is
 the implication that, until Congress
 should abolish it, “three-fifths of all
 the tersovs” should be added in making
 out the apportionment of representa
 tives and direct taxes. Slavery, and
 the perpetuity of it, are not nomina
 ted in the bond;” and in the clause
 cited, the framers did more against
 than for it! For while they were thus
 ambiguous in any expression of sla
 very, if reference was made to slaves
 at all, they have in this clause also
 openly avowed and recognized, on the
 other hand, perhaps intentionally, the
 colored man’s personality. The pro
 vision directs the number of represent
 atives, not their duties, and the manner
 of apportioning direct taxes, either with
 or without the existence of slavery.
 There is still another view of the sub
 ject no less important: Grant for a mo
 ment that the Constitution doubtfully
 referred to slaves. There is no pro
 vision in the Constitution for perpetual
 slavery. Colored persons born after
 the Constitution went into effect, could
 not, therefore, come under any refer
 ence in the Constitution to them. If it
 could claim any as slaves, the claim
 could apply to those only who were
 then living.
 Whatever, therefore, may have been
 the intention of some of the framers ol
 the Constitution, if there cannot be
 some other provisions than those I have
 noticed that will support slavery, it is
 not beyond the Constitutional province
 of Congress to abolish it. Property in
 persons, I hardly need repeat, is not
 mentioned in that instrument; and un
 less it be clearly expressed, no implica
 tion for it is admissible.
 In an action at law for the replevin
 of a black horse, if the plaintiff, in the
 writ, describes a white one, the action
 cannot be maintained, .however elearly
 he may be able to prove he intended to
 describe a black one. So if some
 members, who assisted in framing the
 Constitution, intended to describe a
 piece of property, but carelessly al
 lowed the word persons to he in
 serted in its place, posterity cannot
 complain at the oversight, however
 much it is on the side of humanity.—
 Blackstone would say further, even on
 the trial of a cause, It is better for
 ninety-nine guilty persons to go free
 than punish one innocent man. And if
 any inan should think the constitutional
 provisions at all doubtful in its descrip
 tion of property in man, the slave must
 have the benefit of that doubt.
 Unless then, as it has been hinted,
 there shall be some other provision for
 that insanity which contradicts the uni
 versally endeared words of the immor
 i tal Jetlerson, that all men have rights,
 such as Life, Liberty, and the pur
 suit of happiness,” the subject must be
 referred to Congress, to decide whether
 the evil shall exist under its future ac
 tion or not; and our Representatives
 and Senators must bear the responsi
 bility.
 i Courts of justice may decide upon
 the constitutional rights, and another
 decision may reverse it, whatever may
 have been the precedents; and those
 rights, in the constitution of the
 slave, by the Great Law-Giver, are as
 inalienable.”
 But let us urge on the movement that
 will note the time when our courts will
 be courts of justice, and their deci
 sions, in conformity with the Constitu
 tion, which was never intended to know
 any impartiality, or to rocoguize inter
 pretations that will admit of any ine
 quality; it would be almost a wrong and
 a shame to view it differently.
 The policy of slating a time as the
 furthest period for the existence ol sla
 very, by the Government, in the Dis
 trict of Columbia, and in the States,
 may not be altogether uupliilosophical;
 its bearings upon the country, its influ
 ence upon the slaves themselves, (for it
 w ill be pretty sure to get to them in
 some way or other,) may not be any
 detriment; and it can work no harm to
 the slaveholder to expect the abolition
 of slavery at the time stated. Would
 it not, therefore, be well enough for
 the lands acquired by conquest, not to
 be very much meddled w ith, before the
 consummation of an event so freighted
 with the deepest interest to the coun
 try, and one so devoutly to be wished?
 No apology is necessary from me for
 asking your views on the subject at an
 early moment.
 I am, dear sir,
 Yours for Progression,
 E. H. SANFORD.
 Land Rkfomebs.— The Land Re
 formers of Kiyria, Ohio—comprising
 lfiO out of 400 voters—we learn from a
 friend just arrived from that place, are
 strong for the Buffalo nominees. Mr.
 Van Atnringe, who attended the Con
 vention, while he would have preferred
 a more definite resolution on land re
 form, expressed his satisfaction with the
 one we adopted. Our Platform hi
 broad enough for them all to stand on.
 Amer. Freeman.
right is or no sex—truth is of no color— god is the father of us all, and all we are brethren.
0 elections.
Hot FOR EMANCIPATION.
 The St. Louis Reveille says:
 since the Barnburners have assum
 ed a position as a party, we have had
 more Abolitionism talked in Missouri
 than ever before —it now has a more
 pleasing name, and as Free Soilers,”
 many who before indulged their Aboli
 tion notions in quiet, now openly avow
 their sentiments in favor of emancipa
 tion. We shall not be surprised if in a
 few more years, the agitation of Aboli
 tionism becomes transferred from the
 North to the South.”
 Nor shall we. There are thousands,
 and tens of thousands in the South, who
 will eagerly sqise hold of the free soil
 movement to urge forward emancipa
 tion. Striking a line from the Missis
 sippi, along the southern borders of
 Tennessee, on the west, and on the
 borders of South Carolina, on the cast,
 full a third of the white population of
 the slave States are opnosed to slavery.
 This opposition they nave not been
 able heretofore to manifest. But now,
 when under a new name, ant upon well
 settled principles, a party has sprung up
 which resists the extension of slavery,
 these southern emancipationists will
 have an opportunity to act, and will em
 brace it heartily.
 AH over the South, the extension ol
 slavery, and its perpetuation are held
 indentical. No planter or politician
 doubts this point. If slavery be girt
 around with free institutions, if a limit
 be put to it, if public opinion and the
 law, affirm that we shall not have an
 inch more of slave territory, the curse
 which blasts and blackens the South
 will die out. It cannot be made to pay.
 And when that is apparent, or brought
 home to the pockets of the slaveholders
 a blow will be struck at every slave
 which will kill it in a few years.
 The free soil movement, then, view
 ed as an emancipation move, is one ol
 the greatest events of modern times.—
 What, in past years has kept the South
 so united and made it so fierce against
 emancipation? The bitterness and
 wide spread opposition to Abolitionism!
 A bitterness and opposition felt alike al
 the North and the South, and manifest
 ed, in both, by a violence as deep as
 universal. But this cause ceased the
 moment the present party had its being.
 The South have felt this. Consequent
 ly, from St. Louis to New Orleans, and
 from Baltimore to Wilmington, North
 Carolina, we hear of able inen, of mass
 es of the people, uniting with this move
 ment, or preparing to do so—and ol
 papers and public men, defending and
 debating free soil interests. The gleam
 of the blaze which is soon to burst out
 is seen shooting up all over the South,
 and soon the flame will grow so strong
 and burn so steady, as to kindle afresh
 the same spirit which animated the slave
 States before, and during the Revolu
 tion.
 That great event gave us our free
 dom. The constitution was intended to
 consecrate, and secure that Freedom.
 But lust of power in the South, and lust
 of gain in the North, clouded the spirit
 of the Revolution, when, at the com
 raencment of this century, a new gene
 ration came on the scene of action.
 Hour by hour, and year by year, the
 slave power grew, until at last, with
 the insolence of power, and the con
 tumely engendered by a long admitted
 control over the government, it has
 sought to tread into the dust every prin
 ciple of the constitution, and exert the
 whole weight of the Government, foi
 i the atrocious purpose of extending sla
 very. For once it has overshot the
 i mark. The North will not submit tc
 this goading in human tyranny. The
 moan of the slave shall not float on the
 free winds of the Sierra Madre, or min
 gle in the roar of the surges of the Pa
 cific. And in this determination, the
 Slave Region, not dependant on the
 cotton or sugar culture —will unite—
 will unite cautiously, and by degrees,
 at first—but heartily, and with thorough
 earnestness at last; and thus be the
 means of making free, in fact, as well
 as in theory, our glorious land.
 For the friends of our free soil, whal
 a motive is there for effort! It is theii
 act, which shall carry out, and com
 plete the great drama of the Revolution
 It is their act which will break, as il
 they were brittle glass, the bonds of the
 black man, and at the same time, give
 life and growth and hope, and thought,
 to the enslaved and oppressed white la
 -1 borers of the South. Let them not
 falter! Let not a man among then
 shrink away from the contest, though il
 shall cover them with dust and beat,
 when such a prize is to be won! Lei
 them one and all remember, as did theii
 fathers, that universal freedom is theii
 aim, and that for it they should be rea
 dy, willing, and eager to toil day in,
 and day out, until this aim he accom
 plished.—Cia Globe.
 CONVENTION OP COLORED
 PEOPLE.
 Our private letters from Cleveland
 1 Ohio, speak moat favorably of the char
 acter and doings of the Convention ol
 Colored People recently held in that
 city. The official account of the Con
 vention’s proceedings, we have not seen.
 We know not, that it has been publish
 ed. But the Address to the Colored
 People of the United States,” adopted
 by the Convention, we have had the
 pleasure of reading in the North Star.
 It is an excellent document. It oogbl
 to be read by or to every colored person
 in the country. We will add, that il
 ought to he accompanied by the Ad
 dress to the name class of persons, pre
 paied by Gerrit Smith, and sent forth
 by the Buffalo Convention of last June.
 The MU*—we are sure we shall not be
ROCHESTER, N. Y., FRIDAY, OCTOBER 20, 1848.
accused of intending any disparagement
 of the Cleveland Address—is compara
 bly the beat thing of the kind we ever
 saw. Both of these Addresses urge the
 people of color to extend the variety ol
 their employments, which are now quite
 limited to blacking boots, shaving, and
 other peculiarly menial avocations.
 It is, however, less the fault of the
 colored people, than that of the whites,
 that the variety of their employments is
 so limited. The infernal prejudice
 cherished by our nice against the Afri
 can race has operated to exclude the
 latter almost wholly from what are
 deemed honorable employments. We
 know hardly a machine shop” ia the
 country in which it would be possible
 for a colored youth to eater as aa ap
 prentice, or a colored adnk to find em
 ployment. Either, we doubt not, would
 be hooted from the Lowell Machine
 Shop, though possessing the mechanic
 cal ingenuity and dexterousness of a
 Moody or a Fulton. And of all Low
 ell’s multitudinous factories, we presume
 there is not one in which the presence
 of a colored person would be tolerated,
 even if he would “work for nothing and
 board himself.” The same, or very
 nearly the same, might be said of well
 nigh all the places in which other trades
 are plied. But the land is open to them.
 The land has just as much respect for a
 black man as it has for a white one.—
 Let our colored brethren betake them
 selves to it. They ought to have ac
 cess to all they can cultivate, or at leas!
 to so much as may be necessary to pro
 cure them a comfortable subsistence,
 as to the gospel itself, without money
 and without price;” and they will have,
 when our Government shall come to be
 righteous enough to realize the doc
 trines enunciated by the last Buffalc
 Convention but one.
 The Cleveland Address has anothei
 good suggestion, which it strongly urges
 on the regard of our colored friends. Il
 is, that they ought to be Abolitionists,
 and take an active interest in the cause
 of Abolitionism. We question if a fiftli
 part of the free colored people are Abo
 litionists, though we fancy as many as
 nine-tenths of the slaves are such. In
 the Address of Gerrit Smith’s, already
 referred to, five-sixths of those who vo
 ted at the last Presidential election, are
 charged with having bestowed their
 suffrages on slaveholders and their
 abettors; so that, practically, it were
 better if not a man among them all had
 ever possessed the statutory or consti
 tutional right to vote. It is by right
 voting, probably more than by any oth
 er single process of action, that the
 colored people are to win the rights o!
 which they are now plundered. A
 single vote, rightly cast, were wortli
 more to their cause, than a thousand
 windy speeches about the rascally
 wrongs inflicted on them.— Lynn Pio
 neer.
TIIE SLATE POWER—POLI
 TICALY*
 It appeared by the last census, that
 the number of slaves in the U. States,
 was 2,487,113.
 Estimating ten slaves to one master,
 there were only 248,711 slaveholders.
 Of the legal voters of the United
 States, the slaveholders are about as 1
 to 20.
 Three-fifths of 2,487,113, is 1,492,-
 255,which divided by 70,680,the present
 ratio of representation, makes 21
 the exact number of members on the
 floor of the House of Representatives,
 in Congress, sent there, under Section
 2d of the Constitution, to represent the
 Slave Power.
 The Senate has a Veto on every
 law, and as one-half of that body are
 slaveholders, it follows, of course,
 that no law can be passed without their
 conseht:
 No bill has passed the Senate, nor a
 treaty been ratified, since the organiza
 tion of the government, but by the votes
 of slaveholders.
 Appointments are made by the Pre
 sident, with the consent of the Senate,
 and of course the slaveholders have,
 and always have had, a veto on every
 appointment.
 In consequence of the peculiar ap
 portionment of Presidential Electors
 among the States, and the operation of
 the ru!e of federal numbers, whereby,
 for the purpose of estimating the repre
 sentative population, five slaves are
 counted as three while men, most extra
 ordinary results are exhibited at every
 election for President.
 In the election of 1840, the electors
 chosen were 294; of these, IGB were
 from the free, aod 125 were from the
 Slave States.
 The popular vote in the Free States,
 was 1,725,737, or one elector to 10,278
 voters.
 The popular vote in the Slave States
 was 682,583, or one elector to 5,935
 votes, (South Carolina had 11 electors
 chosen by the Legislature.) These are
 deducted in the calculation.
 Even this disproportion, enormous as
 it is, is greatly aggravated in regard to
 particular States.
 New York g»*e 443,331 votes, and
 had 42 electors.
 Virginia, Maryland and North Caro
 lina gave 229,589 votes, and had 21
 electors.
 Ohio gave 272,939 votes, and had 21
 electors*
 Georgia, Kentucky, Delaware Ala
 bama, Louisiana and Arkansas, gave
 233,941 votes, and had 44 elector*.
 Daring 29 years,and six Presidential
 elections, the South east 608 electoral
 rotes, and only 41 of them for Northern
 candidates.
 In the election of 1844,13 Free States
 had 161 electors, and gqjre 1,890,884
 votes 1 elector to 11,030 votes, while
 12 Slave States had 165 electors, and
 gave 789,848 votes —one elector to
 6,608 votes.
The rule of fedrml numbers, confined
 by the Constitution to the apportion
 ment of representatives, has ’been ex
 tended by the influence of slaveholders,
 to other and very different subjects.—
 Thus, the distribution among the States
 of the surplus reveoues, and of the
 proceeds of the public lands, were
 made according to this same iniquitous
 role.
 Of the 15 Presidential terms, 12 have
 been filled with slaveholders. No north
 ern man has been allowed to serve more
 than one term.
 From the adoption of the Constitution
 to June 1842, there were 75 elections
 of President of the Senate, pro ten. Of
 these, the Slave States had GO, and the
 Free States 16.
 Previous to 1842, do Northern man
 had held the office far 30 yesn,
 While the Senate was equally, divided
 the slaveholders almost always contriv
 ed to secure a presiding officer.
 Of the 15 who bad filled the office of
 Secretary of State up to 1842, the slave
 States had ten.
 The Free States have usually fur
 nished the men for the army and navy,
 and the Slave States the principal part
 of the officers. Anti-Slavery Almanac
 for 1849.
ANTI-SLAVERY IN THE SOUTH.
 The Examiner, published at Louis
 ville, Ky., speaks as follows of the
 growing anti-slavery feeling of the
 South
 We are acquainted with a Mississip
 pi planter, the proprietor of a large
 number of slaves,who is as earnestly
 opposed to tho extension of slavery as
 the greatest curse that can be inflicted
 on a community, as any other person
 of our acquaintance. We are intimate
 ly acquainted with another Mississippi
 planter, the proprietor of more than a
 hundred slaves, who has been a warm
 politician from his youth up, who re
 fuses to support either of the presiden
 tial candidates for whom electoral
 tickets have been formed,in his State,
 because neither of them is pledged to
 sustain the Wilmot Proviso. \Y r e have
 but a limited acquaintance with Mis
 sissippi cotton planters, but we have
 no doubt that, a large number of them
 are as heartily opposed to all measures,
 which contemplate either the extension
 or the perpetuation of slavery as we
 ourselves are. Our acquaintance and
 friendship embrace a very large num
 ber of Kentucky slaveholders, and
 there are very few of them who regard
 slavery with the least degree of favor.
 The newspapers published in the most
 Northern slaveholding States denounce
 Northern Abolitionists, but at the same
 time refrain from all remarks that would
 indicate a belief that slavery is anything
 but a positive evil. It is not politic to*
 publish opinions adverse to slavery in
 slaveholding States, and hence the
 anti-slavery sentiment in those States
 is not represented in the newspapers.
 We are in the habit of seeing nearly
 every newspaper published in Ken
 tucky, and if we had no other means
 of becoming acquainted with the pub
 lic sentiment of the State than that
 afforded by these newspapers, we
 should conclude that the subject is
 attracting no attention among our fel
 low citizens. But we know that such
 a conclusion would be thoroughly er
 roneous, for there ia scarcely a neigh
 borhood in the State in which slavery
 is not exciting much discussion, and in
 which they who are hostile to its con
 tinuance among us are not more nu
 merous than those who advocate its
 perpetuation. Perhaps the newspaper
 which is the most intensely pro-slavery
 of all newspapers, is the Charleston
 (S. C.) Mercury. A correspondent, in
 speaking of extending slavery into our
 newly acquired Mexican territories,
 says I know that there are those in
 our midst who do not hesitate in private
 to declare their honul conviction, that
 they see no valid objection to excluding
 slavery from the territories. And there
 are some of them strong minded men
 themselves slaveholders, and native
 C barleatooiaoi.
Frwtu the Litvrator.
 THE NEW YORK TRIBUNE.
 Mr. Greeley has at length run up the
 black flag with the Whig Raw Head
 and Bloody Bones upon Us sooty fold,
 to the mast-head of the Tribune. That
 unaccountable craft has keen cruizing
 about, wUh no distinctive bunting to
 mark her nationality, ever since the
 Philadelphia Convention, and men were
 wondering “under which king” the Be
 zouian that commanded her would
 choose to serve. But since King Harry
 has refused the barren sceptre the
 Clay Whigs wished to put in his gripe,
 their leader acknowledges a reluctant
 allegiance to the Whig King d* facto,
 while he avows that his heart is still
 loyal to the Whig King de jure. Bat U
 is an ungracious homage, at best, and
 one that can commend it to little grati
 tude. It is but lip-service that he pays
 to the ugly service of the Whigs, while
 his heart is for from it.
 He takes this stop with no new con
 viction, excepting the impoesibilitf of
 defeating Cam without electing Taylor.
 Did Mr. Greeley really suppose that
 Clay would have bad any chance, had
 he keen willing to stand, and yet would
 ben4 have supported him? He feels
 profound respect aod sympathy for the
 Free Soil movement, but discerns no
 hope of electing Mr. Van Buren. N&lt;4
 as much as of electing Mr. Clay? He
 thinks the latter would have stood a
 chance in the House, while the former
 would not! Nice distinctions in bolting,
 these! Tavlor is not committed to fun
 damental Whig Principles distinctly
 nod satisfactorily. He would prefer
 Mr. Webrter, Mr. Clay, or almost any
 prominent Whig aUlsmm. Bat hie
prefers Taylor to Cass. He knows
 Cass to be wroog on the slavery exten
 sion question, and does not believe
 Taylor to be essentially right! Rut of
 all the arguments ever used in support
 of Gen. Taylor, or any other man,
 commend us to the following, which we
 give iu the ipriwma verba of Mr. Gree
 ley. The Whig party, faulty as it is,
 embodies most of the temperate and
 measured” (easily measured—a gill
 cup would hold it all) anti-slavery
 sentiment of the country; and the fact
 that it has nominated a Louisiana sugar
 planter for President, whose opinions on
 this subject do not accord with its own
 preponderating convictions, constrains,
 and will constrain it to more decisive
 and earnest hostility to slavery exten
 sion”! Heard ye ever the like of
 that? Mr. Greeley is no fool; but it
 must be acknowledged he is excellent
 at cooking of fiapdoddU, or the stuff
 they feed fools on!”
 The Daily Advertiser and the other
 old Whig papers, give but a lenten en
 tertainment to this eleventh-hour con
 version. They evidently have but lit
 tle faith in death-bed repentances. We
 suppose that in their secret souls they
 had beerv wishing him to go for Y’an
 Buren. The staple of Mr. Greeley’s
 Anti-Slavery was never anything to
 brag of, but he has drawn out his
 thread so fine as to make him pass with
 the ignorant including the bulk
 of Whig editors, as an eminent manu
 facturer of the article. That it was
 good for little, is now proved by its
 shocking bad wear. But he has got his
 name up. He may not have been
 guilty of the sin of Anti-Slavery, but
 he has incurred the scantlal, and that is
 quite as bad, as everybody knows, as
 well as Yorick’s host at Paris. His
 accession will be of no material service
 to the party. The slaveholders regard
 him as an Abolitionist, and his joining
 the Taylor'faction will do it more harm
 at the South than it will do it good at
 the North. The Tribune has been un
 lucky. It has reversed the true maxim
 of wise politicians. It has not served
 God, and yet it has offended the Devil
 all the same as if it had.—a.
 A Remarkable Character. —The
 Mobile Herald gives the following!
 sketch of the life of Pierre Chastang, a
 free colored man who died in that city
 a few days ago:
 YVe hastily announced on Tuesday
 Lhe death of Major Pierre Chastang.
 He was so remarkable a tnan, in many
 respects, that a brief sketch of his life
 will, we are sure interest inauy of our
 readers, and perhaps have a beneficial
 influence upon his own caste. Pierre
 was born in 1779, and was consequent
 ly 89 year# old at his death. He was
 the slave of Jean Chastang, and in
 1810 or’ll, became the property of Re
 gest Bernody.
 During the Indian war, and the time
 Gen. Jackson was in command of the
 troops in this city, Pierre, then known
 to the citizens as a brave, honest, trust
 worthy man, was appointed by Jackson
 patroon or captain of a government
 transport, to carry provisions to the
 troops stationed at Fort Montgomery,
 or Fort Mims, and to those in camp
 near the present site of Mount Vernon.
 The udertaking was perilous, as at that
 time the whole country was infested
 with hostile Indians, and hut a few per
 sons could be found to take charge of
 an expedition attended with so great a
 risk of life. Pierre was however, suc
 cessful, and reached the troops in safety,
 with a supply of provisions, &amp;,c.
 In 1819, during the ravages of the
 yellow fever, Pierre rendered essential
 service to the city by taking care of the
 sick aud protecting the property of the
 eitizens. He and one or two others
 were compelled to act as nurses aud
 sextons. The sickness and mortality
 was so great that it was difficult to have
 the patients properly eared for—three,
 four and five bodies were taken at a
 time in a cart and deposited In a pit.
 As a matter of course, all who could get
 away precipitately fled from the pesti
 lence, leaving their property in charge
 of Pierre.
 He daily opened the stores f«»r the pur
 pose of ventilation and securing the
 goods from damage. On the return of
 the merchants iu the fall, they found
 everything safe, and as some apprecia
 tion for his services and honesty, a sub
 scription was taken up at once for his
 emancipation, and also to purchace him
 a horse and dray.—Since that period
 his avocation as a dray-man has en
 abled bun to support his family quite
 handsomely, and at the same time amass
 a snug title property.
 Pierre, until within a year or two
 past enjoyed throughout his long life
 unintempted health, aod always seemed
 happy and contented. No person in
 this community, white or black, was
 ever more highly esteemed or respects
 ed, snd no one in his sphere has been s
 more conspicuous, honest benevolent
 and upright man. He always acted
 on the golden rule of doing unto other
 a§ be would be done by.

 An luroarsxT MovxaßKT among
 the Hebrew# of Europe is announced
 ia the Jewish Chronicle. Such is the
 feeling of alarm felt atnoog them in re
 spect to the revolutions taking place,
 that thousands have been baptized tutu
 the Catholic church to escape persecu
 tion, aod that more than one thousand
 from the city of Perth, ia Hungary,
 have resolved to emigrate to the United
 States. Among these are some of the
 most respectable Hebrew families of
 Europe, and in emigrating, the rich are
 to support the poor.
 Connection or Ideas. —A facetious
 old lady describing the rambling ser
 mons of her minister, said: “If his text
 had the small pox, hie aennjn would
 never catch it.”
JOHN DICK, Piiuwii.
WHOLE NO. —18.
llom. Fili.morf., having
 been assailed in the Sooth for a letter
 in which he avowed himself in
 favor of stopping the Slavetrade be
 tween the several States, was recently
 addressed on the subject by Mr Jas.
 Brooks, of the Kxprcss, and returned
 the following answer:
 Ai.ba.st, Sept. 13, 1848.
 James Brooks, Ksq —Dear Sir: I
 returned this morning from the West,
 and have yours of the 10th* in which
 you say it has been charged in tho
 Richmond Inquirer, that 1 hold it to be
 within the power of Cengress to inter
 fere with, or break off, the transporta
 tion, removal, or disposal of persons
 held as slaves, from one siavcholding
 State to another.
 I am not aware that this question has
 ever been disenssed ii&gt; Congress, or
 was ever presented for the considera
 tion of the Supreme Court of the U. S.
 before ISII. In that year the cele
 brated case from Mississippi was deci
 ded, aud Mr. Justice McLean gave an
 elaborate opinion on this point, in which
 the Chief Justice concurred. He came
 to the conclusion that the constitutional
 power over this matter was vested in
 the several States, and not in Congress.
 So lar as my knowledge exteuds, this
 opinion carried conviction to every un
 prejudiced mind; and the question was
 considered settled. At any rate, this
 was my own opinion then, and 1 have
 seen no cause to change it since.—
 Should I do so, I should not hesitate to
 declare it.
 You will therefore perceive that you
 did me no injustice in representing to
 your friend t at these were my senti
 ments.
 I write in haste, amid the pressure of
 official duties, but remain
 Truly yours,
 MILLARD FILLMORE.
 New Southern Dictiomart.—Com
 promise—Taking the whole.
 Concession—Glorifying slavery as a
 “sacred” institution.
 Harmony—Keeping still when kicked.
 Patriotism—Y r oting for a Southern
 slaveholder or Northern slave.
 Freedom—The right to extend sla
 very.
 Chivalry—Manifesting a disposition
 to play the hangman.
 Consistency—Glorifying the exten
 sion of freedom in Europe* and labor
 ing for the extension of slavery in
 America.
 Statesman—A man who never held a
 civil office, but who does hold 280
 slaves.
 Constitution—A rusted weathercock,
 always pointing South.
 Democracy—Allowing 2(50,000 slave
 holders to rule the nation.
 Religion—A belief in the infallibility
 of John C. Calhoun.
 Humbug “Ail men are created
 free and equal.**&gt;
 Traitor—One who is not inclined to
 let us have our own way.
 Hunker—One of our non-resident
 slaves, who never rebels under the se
 verest infliction of the lash.— Hamilton
 Reflector.
Church Bells. There’s some
 thing beautiful in the church hells.
 Beautiful and hopeful They talk to
 high and low, rich and poor, in the
 same voice there’s sound in them
 that should score pride and envy, End
 meanness of all sorts, from the heart
 of man; that should mnke him look on
 the world with kind forgiving eyes
 that should make the earth itself seem
 to him, at least for a time, a holy place.
 Yes, there is a whole sermon in the
 very sound of the church bells, if we
 have only the ears rightly to under
 stand it.—There is a preacher m every
 belfry, that cries, “Poor, weary,
 j struggling, fighting creatures poor
 jhuman things! take rest, be quiet.
 Forget your vanities, your fellies, your
 week-day craft, your heart-burnings
 And you, ye human vessels, gilt and
 painted believe the iron tongue that
 j tells ye that for all your gilding, all
 your colors, ye arc the same Adam’s
 i earth with the beggar at your gates.
 Come awav, come, cries the church
 hell, and karo to be humble; learn
 that, however daubed and stained, and
 tttuck about with jewels, you are hut
 grave clay! Come, Dives, come; and
 be taught that all your glory, ns you
 weBr it, is not half so beautiful in the
 eye of Heaven, as the sores of uoc mn
 pluining Lazarus! And ye, poor
 creatures, livid ami faint—stinted and
 crushed by the pride and hardness of
 the world—come, gome, cries Ine bell
 with the voice of £n angel—come and
 learn what is laid up for ye. And learn
 ing, take heart, and walk amongst the
 wickedness, the cruelties rtf the world,
 calmly, as ffsniel walked anos| the
 lions. Douglas* hr raid.
Literature it* the U. S. rirrr
 TEAM AGO. —The means of knowledge
 from external sources wan very limited.
 The intercourse between os and foreign
 1 countries was unfrequent and I might
 almost say that we had no means of ac
 cess to any literature and science ex
 cept the English. Even in respect to
 this, we had little more than n semi
 annual importation of the tnaut common
 works; and a few copies supplied and
 satisfied the market. The Knglish peri
 odicals were then few in number, and 1
 |do not remember any one that was read
 M»y the students except the Monthly
 fl Magazine, (the old monthly,) and that
 was read but by a few. i have spoken
 of our semi-annual importations, and it
 mi literally true that two sl)i|«sonly plied
 i ns regular packets between Boston sod
 LoikL&gt;», one in the spring sod one in
 I the autumn, and their arrival was an
 era in our college life. —Mrmoin of Dr
 I Chemung.
