fH&gt; l»l Hl« H |Mfl tt|. VMM, f
 M N im l.»no»«
VOL. I. NO. V.
Tfcr SOUTH f»T%H i. pmh\	*h+4 nrrj
 rn4«v, at N«. IV Itiifl.tlo Mr*-**!.
 iKe Art&amp;U.
 TERM*.
 iWo 4uiktr&gt; |&gt;”f hm 'i*. i. &gt;fs rdvane. .A‘»
 •xdmehfHmn »iN hr p-.nrl a tom ihaui
 mi ntuntli*.
 A'tv»Ttt«o-m&lt; n! n-rf »N&lt; r ill.; «»n line* irwwTte*!
 lhn» linn fir &gt;WUr tm\ •ulw’qmul iiisf-r-
 Th». i.f tSir V 'RTH r*t a h \*ill tw ii attack
 Slave n t in all it* f &gt;r.n* an 1 aivocaU
 |J NI *»H 11 Emrrr*TlOA; fx.iit the »tan.!ani
 of I'i RLu Mon Al lTt; firamotf* tb«* in oral and in
 teUretual irt«(ir&gt;ive:iK*iil of tin* COLORED PlorLl.;
 and harirn the d»\ of FKKEIMIM to ill" Thru
 Niuiom of our Eniuuv Fit. low t'otx-
 Tiumi.
 PI IH.ISiIKR 'S .NOTICES.
 All c jrawnieation* relati.i; tu the butints*
 of ihc fxifter, iinnw. of iiilniiilKo, r**niit
 tancm, if., Or ml 1 lie adtlres*elf ty William I'.
 N’KLL, I'uliliaiicr.
 Az-' iU, an 1 all other* sen lin" m;ne*. are
 r&lt;X|iK*»fe 1 I i lie aee,irat% ail eive the r Offi r,
 llie ('nutty, an I i!ie Siatr. Earii I’bibscrilier is inl
 ine. liafoly credited f &gt;r money received.
 Any per* &gt;n sen-din" in the payment fir fmr
 aubarribers, to Ik? funvar.le 1 to one address, muv
 have a filll. c *;&gt;v fur one year.
 ft&gt; All letters and cothinu.nicatians must be post
 paid.
 LIST OK ACT.NTS.
 MimcHi't* TTS.—R. r. Waleatt, 21. C-miliill,
 Boston; Nat'.iau Jolmaon, New Bedford: Horatio \V.
 Foster, Lowell; Janie- N. BiTfiini, If. n; (Jeon'*
 Evans, Worcester llonrne Spaoopf, l*i\mouth;
 Charles 11. Seth, Sprini&gt;:icl 1 David Rii"j!c.s,
 Northampton.
 Maixf.—Oliver Dennett, Portland.
 tKtioiiT.—ll inland T. Robinson, North Fer-i
 i isb-ir*.
 Conn fcticct.—Jonathan Lennar.l, M-?ri !en.
 Nfiv II tar sn i nr.—W’c ire Tapp In, lira liar!.
 New York.—Sy hey 11, (iav, 112, Nassau
 Street; Janes M -CuY* S nidi, 93, West Bmaltvay;
 Joseph Post, W estbury, Cfo.-en County; .Mary Har
 per, Albany; Elias Duty, Macs low? Willett* Keese,
 Peru, Clinton County; William S. Baltim re, Truv;
 J. F. I’lltt, Pe i i Van; J. Je Frev, fIsi**va.
 Rhode Island.—Amnranev fain'*, Ihovi lemon.
 Pr.NNsvr.vania.—J. M. M’Ki.n, 31, »n!i Fifth
 Street, I‘hila lelplua; (J. W (Joines, 8, Ex*!iun"e
 l’!a r, l)itti; 11. Vaslioa, B. It ma, Pitlslmr^;
 William Whippcr, Columbia; Isiae Roberts, Jacob
 E. Pax on, Norristown, Montgomery County.
 Ohio.—Christian Donaldson, Cincinnati; (i. W.
 Carter, Ditto; Naleatiii- Nicholson, 1 larvevsburgh,'
 Warren County Samuel Brooke, Salem.
 Michigan.—Robert Banks, Detroit.
 Indiana. —J-&gt;el I*. Davis, Economy, Wayne Co.
 E\W* OF NEWSPAPERS.
 1. Subscribers who do not "iv? express notice to
 the contrary,arc considered as wishing to continue
 their subscriptions.
 2. If subscribers order the discontinuance of their
 papers, the publishers may continue to send until alt
 arrearage* arc paid. _
 3. It subscribers nojflect or refuse to take their
 papers from the o’tlcc to which they are directed, the-,
 are held responsible till they settle their kill and order
 their pa|K*r» to Ik* discontinue I.
 4. If subscribers move to other places without
 informing the publisher, and their pajicr is sent to
 tile former direction, they are held responsible.
 5. The co irts have decided that refusing to take j
 a newspa|&gt;er or periodical from the office, or removing 1
 and leaving it uncalled f.r, is prim* facie evidence of
 intentional fraud. j
 Removals.—ln giving notice of a change of
 residence, be sure and state the Post Ollice to which
 the (Wilier has formerly been sent. i
THE NORTH STAR.
 ROCHESTER, JANUARY 23, 1818. j
From the Lil&gt;crator.
 THE FOURTEENTH
 NATIONAL ANTI-SLAVERY BAZAR.
 Another, yet the same—the four
 teenth return of this holy festival of
 Freedom—-sent an impulse of hope and
 joy through the hearts of the oppressed
 of America—the slaves and the aboli
 tionists. This new guaranty of perse
 verance makes the first class more
 hopeful and patient —the last, more
 resolute and devoted.
 God be thanked that the principles,
 the object and the measures of this com
 bination of persons of such various char
 acters and conditions, being true, right
 and wise at the begirtriing, have con
 tinued unchanged for so many years,
 through every stress of circumstance,
 trial and temptation. To change from
 good to evil, to fall away from right and
 justice, is the great sin of man against
 humanity.—What a subject then, lor
 joyful congratulation, that these are
 constant as tin* North t*tar,
 Of whose truo lix&lt;*l ami resting quality,
 There is no fell nv in the firmament.’*
 A mountain of national pretension
 has been beaten to dust, and blown a
 wav like chalF, to find a few persons
 with heart, and head, and principle
 enough conjoi.ied, to stand by the ever
 lasting right together, through every
 assault of the slaveholding community
 around them. The calumny of the hos
 tile —the apathy of the neutral —the
 rage of the mob—the trait irons thrust
 of the coward villany that fawns while
 it stabs, and clings to its disguises and
 pretensions as its best defence the pre
 tended disapprobation of the selfish
 Sivpocrite, whose practice belies bis
 principles, while it tills his purse—the
 tself-disgracing avoidance of
 The timid good that Hand aloof,”
 *dl these pass unrespected by them:
 and still they re tint in identified with the
 enslaved, and in opposition to the great
 slaveholding majority that vainly brings
 its very engine of force ami h and, flat
 tery and abuse, bribery and persecu
 tion, to bear upon their integrity. They
 find themselves the chosen representa
 tives of the worthiest Americans; and
 they feel that confidence, like that re
 post' in them, is the strongest possible
 obligation to he, to do, and to suli’er.
 all that fidelity in such a case com
 mands.
 Go on as you have begun—die as
 you have lived executive of the
 American and Massachusetts Anti-sla
 very Societies!—and doubt not that you
 /diall be sustained to your last hour in
 ibis severe hut ennobling service, by
 the ypswerving fidelity of those who lav
 it upon your shoulders. Still agitate
 the question of freedom for the slave,
 at whißettir loss or hazard to your
 selves; Still refuse a compromise with
 the slaveholder; still deny to him your
 religious sanction and political fellow
 ship; stiji dishonesty, and strip
 the mask from pretence; still stand, as
 now, united for freedom; and you shall
 never lack such help as your co-labor
From the Liljerator
THE NORTH STAR
t »*r* throughout the world can gi\e you
 I hanks to vour own conccntiutin;
 con.itanry, the pecuniary means ofagi
 latino, to the full extent of th** oxistim
 moral tneatiH, have never been writhhc!'
 from you. Let the complete sucre*
 I of this, the fourteenth annual effort o
 the abolitionists to sustain you, as tin
 impersonations of their principles, am
 the servants of their enterprise, he t&lt;
 V&lt;*l an assurance that the future shal
 he as the past, and yet more abundant
 ly!
 Notwithstanding the severe money
 pressure, and the detention of the ex
 pected box of goods which the devoted
 ness and exquisite taste of the Bristol
 friends have always made So valuable,
 the receipts of the Bazaar were FOtFK
 THOUSAND THRKE HUKUfeEL)
 DOLLARS; and from the amount ol
 goods remaining and to arrive, we are
 justified in the conclusion, that, before
 the cl »se of the year, the sales contem
 plated in various parts of the country,
 will have enabled the committee of the
 Bazaar to fulfil their wish of ultimately
 placing TEN THOUSAND DOL
 LARS at the disposition of the Ameri
 can Society.
 We are continually defeated in our
 purpose of describing the glorious
 ten days,” for the gratification of the
 distant friends, by the perpetually
 thronging crowd of grateful acknowl
 edgements, for which our hearts de
 mand expression.
 But we will begin, however frequent
 ly w’o must, in this manner, be inter
 rupted. How to make I’aneuil Hall
 look beautiful for a festal occasion, is a
 problem before which even the city
 government, with all its power of man
 ufacturing money, and all its freedom
 from scruples to use tiie United States
 stripes and pennons as ornamental in
 signia, might well shrink away in des
 pair. How to clothe with beauty this
 barren platform? How to screen from
 view these hare barracks of galleries?
 How to fill gracefully th? awkwardly
 empty area? Howto hide that enor
 mous painted brick-bat—the bird of
 spoil, that threatens Freedom from
 above the* entrance? llow to shut out
 the sights of discolored walls and dirty
 streets, without obscuring the light from
 the windows r “Eureka!” They
 have found it!—the hall shall become a
 gothic cathedral. This work is our
 worship—the most indeed
 the only acceptable, that Americans can
 offer to Hod; since w ithout it, —nothing.
 For lack of it, all the Sabbath solemni
 ties of our land are sin. As in Israel
 of old, because of oppression, so here,;
 in the United States, “it is iniquity,
 even the solemn meeting.” We have i
 an acceptable worsbiji—let us have a
 temple for its exercise;—one whose;
 ascending lines shall carry the soul up-,
 ward, like the Mediaeval architecture;
 not press it downward for elysium, like'
 the transverse bars ol horizontal Greek.
 Spring a ccdaiy” screen-work, (as:
 Milton would have had us say,) along
 tlu: galleries, from capital to capital of
 their supporting pillars,—not forgetting i
 to feather every pillar correspondingly, i
 with the same aromatic growth. Run
 a similar array of arches across the;
 platform, far a chancel-screen:—behind
 it, plant cedars tall enough to sweep
 the roof, that the arches beneath their
 lowest boughs may delude the eye by a
 counterfeit perspective:—delineate a
 trefoil in every arelied screen, by 1
 means of wreaths of evergreen, and rep
 resent the longitudinal bars more grace
 fully than ever yet was done in stone,
 by erecting a slender tree to represent
 each, every spire of which shall show
 like pencilling against the eastern light:
 rear a tall arched shrine in the centre,
 where sunlight shall touch its feathery
 green with gold every morning, and
 gas-light Hood it every night, and troops
 of fairy-like children, laden w ith their
 Christmas gifts, glance in nnd out at
 every hour between; —let tile tables of
 the lady-merchants surround, corres
 ponding to the stalls of prebendaries
 and knight-companions in old remains:
 let white drapery fall smoothly from
 each window-top, and line it lozenge
 wise across, w ith cords, and so teach
 light to counterfeit a gloom” like that
 of diamond ground-glass:—trace in the
 top of each window, a cross of ever
 green, amt i:i each centre, by means of
 China transparencies, framed in ruby,
 sapphire and emerald glass, hang
 Stem saint-- and tortured martyrs roua it”—
 and the work is done. You have a de
 lightful touch of Norman Gothic in vour
 cathedral, which will do wonders for the
 sales; for it shall raise men’s minds
 above the small endeavors of the hour,
 and make money seem of no value but
 to serve the cause of Heaven w ithal.
 Now thrust every scutcheon and
 banner riven, (ymd riven to the centre
 some of them are, with the severe ser
 vice of many an anti-slavery field,) over
 the galleries. Pshaw not fiat against
 them; tkut is the dictate ol our meeting
 house puritanism, which ceased to be a
 model when it sanctioned slaveholding;
 but transversely from tin m, ecclesias
 tically, a&gt; it wen-, so that every noble
 motto can be lead, each under cacdi
 from the entrance. AW the zrcal
 Scottish remonstrance! Suspend the
 stupendous scroll the scroll of doom”
 to slavery) in a star of five points over
 the whole hundred feet square of the
 tuic old Cathedral; till every unbeliev
 ing young merchant s "prentice, and
 scoffing old merchant"* wife, shall wond
 er, by way of alleviating their aw kwnrd
 spasms of pro-slavery agonv, “how
 many hundred lawyers’clerk’s it must
 have taken to manufacture it!” In
 dulge their labored vulgarities: they
 are learning, lor the first time, in the
 “land of Bibles, and Sabbaths, and
 sanctuary privileges,'—the land of
 inalienable human rights”—the land
 of Bunker Ifill, and Trenton, and Ti
 condcroga, and Valley Forge, and
RfGirr I* OF NO SEX-TRi ril IS OF NO 001/IK-OOD IS the FATIfEK Of I*9 ALL, AND ALL WE ARE BRETHREN
t
 Vorklovvn. that the freedom they tram
 pie on id deemed a glorious cause, else
 where; and that covenanted h'cotlam
 in cheering onwerd it" trrimphrn
 march.
 AH this is easier said than done; ani
 that it was done, and the whole
 and country delighted with the effect, i
 owing to the energy and activity o
 Messrs. Smith and YVeston, cf Hcadinj
 and Stoneham, Jenkins of Andover
 Wellington of Lexington, Levy o
 j Lowell, Brigham of Abington, Fair
 banks of Providence, friends iu Nortl
 Bridgewater, West Rcxbury, Lynn
 and other places, who all combined ti
 make Birnam Wood come to Bunsin
 ane as meet, to the alarm of all pro
 1 slavery Macbeths. A moving grove’
 was needed, and a moving grove came.
 To Messrs. r ellington, Jackson,f’ban
 ning, May, and others, w ho so imlefati
 gahly and tastefully arranged this ma
 terial, so amply and generously furnish
 ed, it is owing, that, after three days ol
 strenuous exertion, all w as ready to re
 ceive the representatives of the anti
 slavery of thiitv towns and cities ol
 America, co-operating with us on this
 occasion.
 The foremost of these were Boston,
 Cambridge, Worcester, Lynn, Ply
 moth, Dedham, New* Bedford, Salem,
 Concord, Weymouth, Hingham, YVest
 Brookfield.
 But, as it is neither city, or town, nor
 navy, nor palace, that constitutes a
 State, so it is neither hall, nor decora
 tion, nor rich d mations, nor beautiful
 arrangements, nor even correct princi
 ples that constitute a cause. No —men
 only, wh live out such principles—
 high mirr’erl men;
 Men who their duties know.
 lJul know their rights, and knowing dare main
 tain;
 Prevent the long aimed blow,
 And crush the tyrant while yet they rend the
 chain!”
 Th cse constitute a cause. And none
 could look on Garrison, and Wendell
 Phillips, and Francis Jackson, and Ed
 mund Quincy, and Henry C. Wright,
 and Samuel May, and Pillshury, and
 Foster, and Stone, and Douglass, and
 Bufl’um, and Parker, and Channing, its
 they sto.»d, marked men amid the
 crowd—or listen to the glorious elo
 quence that touched their lips with lire,
 without feeling, also how true the
 thought of Alcicus, that
 These constitute a rotate.”
 The union of freemen, which is to
 supersede the American union of slave
 holders, began when the American
 Anti-Slavery Society was constituted of
 souls like these. Long may they live
 to shame the knavery that know s so
 little of the power of high character,
 that it unwittingly exposes itself, by
 giving the name of bigotry and intoler
 ance to their faithful rebuke of crime;
 and the weak baseness that flinches
 away from the fearless side of the only
 practical exponents of its own professed
 principles!
 Other eyes than those of their own
 countrymen were there to look upon
 them. We rejoiced to welcome the
 gifted and excellent Dr. Nichol. and his
 highly esteemed countryman the late
 editor of the London Inquirer, Mr.
 Hincks, to both of .whom we owe a
 tribute of special gratitude as friends of
 our friends, and promoters of our cause.
 But the list of towns represented was
 not confined to Massachusetts. From
 the State and city of New York came
 effectual aid. The representatives of
 the friends in Western New York were
 there with contributions; while Ohio
 friends, not personally present, w r cre
 represented by their beautiful donations.
 A new and beautiful feature in the
 evening’s arrangements, was the occa
 sional introduction of vocal and instru
 mental music, from members ol'W. H.
 Charming's congregation, through the
 obliging exertions of Mr. Withington.
 Our thanks are due to Mr. Chicker
 ing, w ho sent from his celebrated manu
 factory an admirable piano forte for the
 occasion.
 At the upper end of the Hall, hung a
 subscription list of the new anti-slavery
 paper. YY’e seize this earliest oppor
 tunity to mention it:—The North Star,
 published at Rochester, N. Y., at
 per annum, by Frederick Douglass.—
 May he make himself a tower of strength
 in Western New York, to which the
 friends of the cause in that w hole region
 of country may gather, in perfect con
 fidence and trust!—May he never toler
 ate erirne, lest he be called a bigot; nor
 fail to expose iniquity, lest he be called
 intolerant nor stand aloof from the
 good and true, lest the vicious and the
 foolish call him a partisan; nor unite
 with evil to avoid the imputation, from
 the w eak and designing, of being quar
 relsome; nor shrink from giving and
 receiving help, for fear of being esteem
 ed wanting in individuality by those
 who have no esteem for the cause; nor
 be injured by the gift that blindeth
 the eyes;” nor be seduced by party or
 sect to purchase popularity at the ex
 pense of fidelity; nor to increase the
 subscription to his paper by diminishing
 its anti-slavery power; nordeein it pos
 sible to be respected and sustained at
 the same time, by things so opposite in
 iheir nature and moving springs, as
 Liberty party anti Liberty league, and
 that earliest, and latest, aud purest
 anti-slavery, which that party and league
 scoff at as Garrisonism.” Let him
 be, as heretofore, proof against every
 form of temptation, and a long and glo
 rious career, like that ot Clarkson,
 (whose past is already sealed,) and
 Garrison, (whom God preserve to a
 like laie and faithful ending!) M be
 fore him. More fortunately cir un
 stanced thanToussaint —more correct
 ly principled than Oge and C. bavanne
 —may his success be made proportion
 ate to his ability, by his devotedness
 and perseverance to the end. Such
 are the charges and the wishes by
ROCHESTER, X. Y., FRIDAY, JANUARY 28, ISIS.
w bkh the elder servants of the crush
 ever manifest their deep interest in th&lt;
 welfare of their younger co-laborer*
 ’vhen entering upon trying and uitii-it
 untried dcpaitmcnts of the cause.
 For eight successive evenings, tht
 codary arches of the Hall rang with the
 truth andcl&lt;c]uence of Frederick Doug
 lass, Wendell Phillips, W. W. Brow n
 j (like Douglass, a self-educated fugitive
 able to take a moral and intellectual
 rank far above the very men who re
 proaehfullv ask us how the blacks arc
 to take care of themselves!”) Theodore
 Parker, H. C. Wright, Samuel May,
 Parker Pillsbury, Stephen S. Foster,
 Edmund Quiucy, W. H. Channing,
 Thomas T. Stone, and E. H. Chapin.
 Mr. Garrison's health, exhausted by
 I his devoted labors at the West, permit
 ted him to be present only occasionally,
 and his voice was consequently heard
 i but for a moment, introducing H. C.
 Wright to the Assembly, on the presen
 tation of the great Remonstrance of
 j Scottish women, (published in the Lib
 erator a few weeks since.) It was a
 sublime sight to see this immense ar
 ray of noble names—the same that have
 brightened Scottish song and story
 from age to age—now illustrating our
 nineteenth century by their united tes
 timony to liberty. The feeblest magi
 nation must kindle at the sight as
 i “In slow procession moves each shadowy file,”
 of the spirits of this gathering FORTY
 THOUSAND to take possession of the
 old high places of our liberty! The
 coldest heart must glow, to hear this
 sound of the Women of Scotland, rising
 in the majesty of their mercy, to waken
 the slumbering womanhood of America
 to the long forgotten claims of freedom
 and humanity.
 God bless the Women of Scotland
 and make the Women of America
 worthy of their noble companionship in
 I a cause so grand and awful! They
 have not sent us their voices alone
 across the Atlantic to its aid. The ta
 bles around arc covered with their valu
 able gills. From Glasgow, and Edin
 burgh, and Kirkuldy, and last, not least,
 in beautiful offerings, Fair Perth,”
 and a multitude of other places, the
 Patons, and the Welshc-s, and the Wig
 hams, and the Youngs, the Mortons,
 and the Rcaddics, the Sineals, and their
 friends, have united to bless and beau
 tify this occasion, with a taste and mag
 nificence incomprehensible to the souls
 that have been dwarfed and hardened
 by slavery. If afe w months of its in
 fluence could dry up the springs of
 freedom in the hearts of Cunningham
 and Chalmers, —the representatives to
 America of the very church of Freedom,
 what must be its withering effect on a
 whole life? Let us trust (hat these and
 other precious influences L orn the lajul
 of our fathers, may at length counteract
 the horrid spell that binds our own: and
 rejoice that every communication we
 receive fr. in thence, is a pledge of the
 continuance of the blessing of such
 sympathy and aid.
 Going southward with our list of con
 tributors, we most gratefully acknow
 ledge the valued contributions of the
 friends in Carlisle the Carrs, the
 Nicholsons, the Peiles, and others who
 have helped us.
 The name of Esther Blight, of Roch
 dale, who forwards valuable donations
 from that place, shall be cherished!
 among slaves and abolitionists, as that
 of her brother, John Bright, is by the
 suffering classes of England.
 To Mrs. Moore, Mrs. Cobden, Mrs.
 Woolley, and others, whose energetic
 sympathy has done so much in Man
 chester for the Bazaar, we can present
 but the po'or tribute of thanks; but it
 is in behalf of a land, degraded by sla
 very, that those labors may yet save—
 in behalf of outraged humanity in bond
 age—that we thank them; and the
 blessing of those that are ready to
 perish accompanies our acknowledg
 ments.
 The Browns and the Trends of
 Bridgewater, with their friends, whose
 exquisite taste added so much attraction
 to the occasion, w ill rejoice to hear of
 the safe arrival and successful sale of
 their donations.
 An interesting trait of unconquerable
 peresverance cornea to mind, with the
 mention of the box from Leeds, for
 warded by Mr. Lupton. A similar one
 was sent last year, which never reached
 its destination, though every search
 was made for it in the warehouses and
 on the books of the steam transj»orta
 tion company on both sides of the
 Atlantic. Undiscouraged by this fail
 ure, the second box was forwarded by
 the same persons, and we rejoice to
 sav, greatlv to the furtherance of the
 cause. The rare and attractive con
 signment of Elizabeth Pease, of Dar
 lington, idso enclosed, was admired by
 thousands, and added much to the
 interest of the season.
 We entreat our Bri-tol friends, the
 Carpenter?, the Estlins, the James, and
 numberless ethers whom they repre
 sent, and to w hom they w ill know how
 to make our grateful acknowledgments
 acceptable, not to regret too deeply the
 accident which compelled the return of"
 their noble donation to Cork, and there
 by prevented its seasonable arrival.
 For we contemplate a sale as early in
 the spring a? the state of the money
 market wii.' permit, from which we hope
 even more favorable results for the
 cause, than would have ensued from
 the timely reception lor the Bazaar, of
 this choice collection.
 The cause demands of us no common
 expression of gratitude to those friends
 in In land, whose judicious philan
 thropy has made one and the same
 operation the means of serving the
 starving Irishman and the imbrued
 American slave. They have employed
 and paid their peasantry in the manu
 facture of elegant little works of taste
 (and fancy, for the Bazaar, and thus

discharge at once a dutv as citizens t
 Inland and citizens of the acrid.
 The qnalitv that S!»k**»f«-:»rr mnk*-«
 15 him (tut in Kjm Uut i.ikr;-
 The otctlitr of mercy—ben-
 Is trebly blessed: the* think *itii cheer,
 That every sarrifirr yum fare.
 Hath hlesseJ y&lt;wrselvrs—t!ie p.x»r—tbe slave
 Letters from Ireland add, that cu
 friends there send their contribution
 in crateful testimony of their sense c
 recent instances of American benefi
 cence. To the Webbs, the Hatigh
 tons, and the Allens of Dublin—th
 i Jenningses, the Mannixcs, the Y'arinas
 I the Roches, the Bcamishcs, the Whites
 of Cork, and to the numerous othc
 Irish friends, to whose constancy am
 devotedness, and munificent geucrosity
 the cause owes *so much, our most af
 I feet ion ale acknowledgments are ten
 dered for their welcome and well
 chosen gifts.
 I We would fain recapitulate them all
 and for the sake of our absent friends
 dwell with minute and merited descrip
 tiori on everything curious and bcauti
 ful, from the much admired sea mosse
 and splendid table cover of Cork, t&lt;
 the Edinburgh Tartan shawls, and em
 broidered Thibets, free trade table
 cloths, books, and British Algse, am
 Avon flowers, Rochdale and Manches
 ter papier mache, the Coventry knittet
 curtains, Dublin papeterie, the Bellas
 knitting, the Perth cushions and othei
 beautiful goods. But time and space
 would fail; and to those who saw then
 words would seem idle. One word
 however, respecting the Cork table
 cover. It was appraised at 50 dollars
 a large sum for the times, though l&gt;\
 no means large in proportion to it)
 beauty and attractiveness. The friend
 gathered round it, and fifty of them uni
 ted to raise that sum for the cause,
 leaving it to chance which should re
 ceive it. It fell to the lot of John T
 Hilton and friends, a man of color, t
 devoted abolitionist, and a member o
 the executive hoard of the Massachu
 setts Anti-Slavery Society from the
 earliest days of the cause. He it was.
 w hose interest in the cause, and confi
 dence in its ardent advocate, led him
 promptly and efficiently to aid Wm.
 Lloyd Garrison at the commencement
 of the Liberator. Those present on
 the occasion of Garrison’s lecture to
 the people of color in Boston, (to the m he
 first addressed himself,) w ill never forget
 the deep emotion with which they gath
 ered round him at its close, hailing, as
 the Israelites did the sight of Moses,
 the appearance of one who chose to
 suffer affliction with them, rather than
 to enjoy the rewards of their oppress
 ors; nor wonder at the liberal joy with
 which theyiieiped him to lay the corner
 stone, on which we are now r united,w ith
 them, to build the new edifice of Free
 dom.
 This year’s Anti-Slavery Bazaar was
 marked by an entire new feature, and
 one that deserves special record and
 cordial welcome.
 But a few weeks before the time ap
 pointed for the opening of the Bazaar,
 the Boston Female Anti-Slavery Socie
 ty held its annual meeting, and in view
 of the manifestations of friendliness to
 our principles and our enterprise, which
 had been gratefully perceived on the
 part of some of the ministers and con
 gregations of the city, the Society re
 solved to commend the approaching oc-i
 casion to them, as one affording an cx
 cellent opportunity to aid the cause.— I
 To this invitation, members of the con
 gregations of the Rev. James Freeman
 Clarke and the Rev. Theodore Parker
 responded so warmly, that a table from
 each of these congregations was the re-'
 suit; both Mr. Parker and Mr. Clarkei
 cheering and encouraging the effort.—
 When in after times, from every re-»j
 pentant section of the great American
 Church, now so hostile, shall come sim
 ilar evidences of awakening to th
 claims of freedom, it shall be remem
 bered of these, that they did wnat they
 could, and told as a memorial of them.
 The Liberty Bell was thought to be
 this year more than ever beneficial to
 the cause. Notwithstanding the great!
 disappointment felt, that the artist
 should have been prevented, by illness;
 and domestic calamity, from seasonably
 completing the engraving of Francis
 Jackson, still only a sufficient number
 of copies are left to send to our friends
 abroad, the bulk of the edition having
 been disposed of at the Bazaar,
 The table of contents is ulu-tratc-d
 by the names of many who are widely
 known and beloved, both in the literary
 and philanthropic world. Is it not a
 shame to America, and reason enough
 for the existence ot the A. A. S. Soci
 ety, that we may not speak the name of*
 the distinguished Southern gentleman,
 who is the author oF the first article,
 “The Insurrection, and its Hero,”
 lest we endanger his lifer The noble!
 poem of Passion and of Power, by
 Elizabeth Barrett Browning, will d&gt;
 more than scores of essays, to make
 the hard-hearted and luxurious feel the
 terrible nature of the evil on w hich
 th"ir luxury is founded. The pages
 written by and L’lnstant, «md
 U\ W. Brown, fu iais R ill e~aniph 1? t
 proof that the soul of the white man
 reaches no height to which the soul ol
 his darker brother mav not attain.—
 Read tne interesting reminiscences of
 Parker Pillsbury and Henry C. Wright,
 if you would know w hat the soul and
 the bod} have to struggle with in the
 prosecution of the anti-slavery enter
 prise. Would you learn the futility of
 the customary charges against aboli
 tionists? Read w hat is here said by Mr.
 Garrison and Mrs. Folicu. Would you
 see one 'of tbe best of them, and para
 phrases of tbe Lord’s prayer—to the
 God of Freedom? Read the poem of
 1 Benjamin Jones.
 TTie article entitled Abolitionism in
 America, demands more than a parsing
 notice, Because it is tbe production of
 4
*°ne who has learned to look U |h
 struggles like our* by the severe o*
 nonces of hu o«n devoted land. Th*
 Count Mohnski, exiled f| t m Poindt« i
 his attachment to Freedom, cwrld n«&gt;i
 but sympathize with American Ah* h
 tionists. A passage from ene of hi?
 letters will show the depth ami consist
 ency of the philosophy which experi
 ence and observation have taught him
 It is but just,” (we translate from hu
 letter,) that every man, no niattei
 what his nation, should express hi?
 views ou slavery—for it is an incarnated
 blasphemy against human nature.
 feel that, as a native of Poland, I havr
 a peculiar motive to exercise this right.
 Never would iny country have become
 the prey of Russia, Austria, and Prus
 sia, if, instead oi opposing to these
 three powers only a chivalrous nobility,
 she had marshalled a whole people.—
 But we had in our lands millions of serfs,
 to whom the word independence was
 utterly without significance—and we
 succumbed.
 If a hope now remains to us, it is
 in the rational re-constitution of Eu
 rope. The example offered by Ameri
 ca would have hastened the" hour of
 deliverance to her oppressed nations, if
 America were not sullied by that mon
 strous anomaly, which the enemies of
 republican institutions point cut with
 joy. A liberty that is smothered tin
 der slavery, can never be contagious.
 Speedily, then, may the day dawn when
 abolitionism, triumphant, shall have de
 stroyed the obstacle which prevents the
 new world from influencing the old.”
 The leading idea of Theodore Par
 ker's article, Come and do better,”
 is exactly such a one as the elder abo
 litionists used to express in good faith,
 before they learned that it was for their
 best work—their main work—their in
 dispensihlc labor—their cause itself—
 that men stoned them; net for their er
 rors, excesses or mistakes. It may be
 suspected that Mr. Parker has learned
 this already, and writes somewhat iron
 ically The Lowells, Harriet Mar
 tine au, (we fervently greet her return
 to her country, and her restoration to
 health,) J. K. Holdings, J. -Bayard
 Taylor, and other names of literary and
 political distinction, demand and reward
 perusal. Mrs. Dali has exposed the
 unavoidable evils of slavery in a mas
 terly and “o’er true tale.” Seven
 clergymen help to ring this year’s Bell.
 We never hear from them that aboli
 tionists are too severe upon the clergy.
 Why not? For two reasons:—Ist,
 they know their brother ministers to the
 core; and 2d, their own withers are
 unwrung.” Be sure to read among
 these articles, the one written by Sam
 uel May, Jr., wiiieh shows the reasons
 for much of the opposition the cause
 meets. Idiot Era,” by a backwoods
 girl, may be considered, under the cir
 cumstances, as an extraordinary pro
 duction. The bentiful lines of Mary;
 Carpenter, afford the best illustration
 of the spirit in which this joint effort of
 British and American abolitionists has
 been made.
 We regret that the lines from the
 distinguished traveller. J. S. Bucking
 ham, were received too late for inser
 tion in the present number of the Li
 berty Bell.
 The purpose of this little annual
 volume, commenced in IBJI9, and now
 published for the ninth time, is, the
 promotion of the cause through the pro
 mulgation of its principles in an attract
 ive form; and through the addition of
 the receipts of the sale to our treasury.
 It furnishes us, moreover, with a suit
 able mode of expressing our sense of
 services rendered to the cause, and of 1
 conveying our sense of fraternity to
 those whose course commands that 1
 feeling on our part. Hence it is, that 1
 io mere indifferent literati however in-1
 ilcctually gifted, nor any known ene- l
 nios of the cause or of its advocates, 1
 lave ever been permitted to occupy i!
 these pages. Hostility, however can-
 tiously manifested or unwittingly be- 1
 trayed, and treachery, however loudly 1
 denied, are shut out from this joint 1
 work of the friends of Freedom: while
 every incidental expression of differ-: 1
 ence in opinions and measures, in the 1
 treatment of the subject, (the natural
 result of the native difference in minds,
 as wines always tc.-te of the soil which
 produces the grape,) is gladly hailed/ 1
 as giving zest and variety, and cherish
 ing a liberality of feeling, and a sacred
 respect for the rights of opinion.
 With ali the cheering pecuniary de
 monstrations of interest in our cause,
 and sympathy with i s as its advocates,
 came the most touching assurances f
 affectionate confidence incur judgment,
 as .shown in our past course, and reli- I
 a nee on our fidelity, as evinced in the 1
 various crises of the anti-slavery move-
 mint. May we never disappoint this
 sacred trust! Did space pi unit, we
 should publish them all, f,r the comfort
 and cheer of those whom they concern.
 To enable the beloved who
 have strengthened us l»v these valued
 communications, to do all they wish foi
 our cause in the way of explanati- n cl
 our object, our principles, and our 1
 measures, we will .-av, in conclusion, a
 few words concerning them.
 OeR Oejf.ct is the entire, unconditieu
 al and bk odUss liberation of tiie Have.-
 of this country.
 Oca l*Kixciri.r.s are, that slavery is
 not only a national calamity, but an
 individual sin; and ought, as both of
 these, to be immediately rebuked, abol
 ished, and repented of:—that no man
 has a right to enslave another—to bold
 or acknowledge him one moment a-*
 property: —that the right of liberty i»
 inalienable:—that the color of the com
 plexion should never be made a bar t*» 1
 the enjoyment of any of the rights of
 man.
 Oca Messcaes consist in the pro- 1
 molgation of our principles. In order i
W 111 ItW Mll.humi.
 JtJffN l»| K. Tsi*»• s.
whom; xo.-y.
ro,l r l thm nation of it* *m. arul
 rH c f* p* i 'ancr, «f erg i/r an*
 tM* if t t ,1
 S I4M I U j» I H
 'ti-Mmn, »C lr. ttaters, rifrulaimg tract*
 na.l |H-ra.f}K.il* *pi- lf church.
 Mate, the ulpit. il,. pr.*., tho
 and a omen everywhere,
 Of rv« ry condition and preference.
 hen it i* rrmrmtirrod that the A
 niom an church sanctions »hverv, bv
 1 elevating slaveholders to the highest
 and holiest place—and that the Arne
 -1 ncan government exact* a pledge of
 I the citizen, of hi* physical force, to nut
 down any attempt of the slaves to
 achieve their liberty —provides for tho
 perpetuation ol slavery, by authorizing
 the slaveholder to vote on three-fifths
 ot his slaves as property—rapports a
 standing armv at the South for his pro
 tectum—invades foreign nations f r an
 addition to his territorv, and an exten
 sion to his market— enacts that every
 fugitive slave shall be returned to hit
 master—it is not surprising that such
 i an object, such principles, and such
 measures, should bring us into direct
 cc Union with almost every individuul
 of a nation given over to such wicked
 ness. To men in their civil capacity,
 we say that their union with slave
 holders is criminal and full of danger,
 and must bo broken up. To men in
 their ecclesiastical capacity, we pre
 sent the highest moral standard, which
 proclaims the slaveholder a'sinner, and
 declares that a church that sanctions
 slavery has Us overthrow registered on
 the scroll of destiny.
 Of course, every obstacle that hos
 tility, treachery, calumny and upostaev
 imply, will be thrown i:i cur path. To
 overcome these obstacles, to promul
 gate these principles, to convert by
 such measures this nation to a sense of
 its high duty, we ask for the aid cf all
 who witness our conflict. For further
 explanations and more minute details,
 we refer to the LIBKRATOR, the
 organ of our cause, published at Pos
 ton, by L. Garrison, subscripti ii
 per annum, in advance, and tho
 National Anti-Slavery Standard, the
 organ of the Society, published at New
 York, Syducy Howard Gay, editor, Si
 per annum. We also refer to cur
 audited and published reports for tho
 last sixteen years. Still there may be
 those who desire at this moment a more
 specific answer to the question, “How
 do you menu to expend the money tl at
 you ask us to help raise?” Wo reply:
 It shall be spent wholly, only ar.d
 directly, in awakening, informing and
 influencing the individuals whose ag
 gregate makes up the public mind, on
 this primarily important question. It
 shall not be put into the hands of the
 political organizations, to promote |hc
 the election of any candidate, but in
 awakening the love of freedom, and the
 hatred of slavery, in all; not in aiding
 fugitives to escape, bat to save them
 that painful and hazardous experiment
 by abolishing the system which enslaves
 them; not in sending them to Africa,
 but in enabling them to become the free
 and happy elements of national strength
 and prosperity at home.
 This money, will, in short, be spent
 neither in compensation, colonization,
 nor political partizanship; but solely hi
 propagandism: and the result will" be
 right action in every ramification of
 society.
 W'e, therefore, confidently appeal to
 all in every land, to take part in this
 holy cause. Frail, and suffering, and
 short-lived, are all men; but a cause
 iike this shall strengthen them in weak
 ness, comfort in aifliction, and steel
 igaint calamity. It shall save them
 from the sin of living on the side of the
 oppressor, and the ignominy of dying
 n the silent support of wrong, lie
 hey Americans? It shall secure their
 ’hildron from such an inheritance of
 ;ri» t and shame, as the remembrance
 hat their parents were drawn by dis
 graceful sympathy into the ranks of the
 enslavers, when the moral battle was
 fought out in tiie United States for the
 freedom of a rare. Be they of other
 lations Our country is the world;
 »nd we gladly welcome to our frater
 nity the children of every clime, and
 most gratefully receive their help in the
 prosecution ol our sacred muse. It
 may, it must be, tliaf, in so doing, wo
 welcome them to suffering. But tho
 consolation of such a cause is propor
 tionate to the renunciation; and in its
 prosecution, as in the great cause of
 hristiauity, of which its principles
 form a fundamental part, we are able
 o a-Mire such as einbiarc this cause,
 'hat no mail shall kno friends, or house,
 *r lands, for its sake, but he shall re
 ceive an hundr&lt; d Ibid of nobh r recom
 pense in this world, and a sense of
 spiritual life besides, to which the in
 h fibre at frivolities of u selfish existence
 unk into insignificance.
 MAKIA WESTON CHATMAN.
 Fr. 4« lie Hamper
 DR. It! COM V WATER 11 Rl\
 Mr. Kditor:—Permit a rtiar.ger,
 pist leaving this lovely region ot the
 Connecticut, in which your I»sutihil
 Northampton is embosemed, to J« o'
 behind him a concise statement of bi
 very successful I I vor pathic cottrw, st
 Hr. RuggltV *■•tab'isf.im nt; f" r
 credit of those to w lean cr&lt;&lt;hi ut
 aud the information of who in a&gt;
 *‘l'cnme lo the r l«r* fMirrljr ob«.
 V..M. tixl l-r&lt; f, m M lf f r he
 a,.4 ir.rxpli.-aM.- |.li!:iltly t„ .hr
 Neur .:athi&lt;*. or Klectnc indication
 I'rein the *kin. by the touch, he an
 re urvcid to toe the rxU „t to my
 liixase was developed internally, a*
 well the general stitw wf tnv muscu
 lar and nervous system*, and tisanes of
 he vital organs; and moreover, tho
 •eg*men and habit* of life under wh;c|^
