Communuationo.
 L wu.l, Oct. Oth, 1848.
 Pear Dopclam —Kyou «Wm the follow
 ing fact* of hufficuut importance, please give
 them an minion in the North Star. While
 travelling, a short tune aince. fmoi Whitehall
 to Trov, on a canal boat, it was mr good or
 ill fortune to fall in with a mean and con
 temptible creature from Kentucky, of the
 name of Carpenter, who calls himself a law
 yer. He was undoubtedly a slaveholder, and
 •vie by hircslnp, for he certainly lacked the
 necessary brain to acquire propertv by hi* own
 exertion. This slaveholder and an old
 man, quite as bad as himself, held a conver
 sation in the hearing of myself and other pas
 sengers, the substance of which 1 propose to
 give. Though old, it may not be uninterest
 ing. Slavery was affirmed to be a patnarehal
 institution; the negroes were descendants of
 Ham a curse was uj&gt;on them Iwd had or
 dained them to b slaves caste was of divino
 origin. The old man said that the negroes
 were a distinct race, approximating to human
 beings onlv in form, but without intellect and
 without morality; that they were evidently
 intended by God to bo a servile race. To
 confirm this miserable stuff, the old man cited
 the sayings of some author, whose name I do
 not remember, on anatomy, who had founded
 an argument on the resemblance of the bones
 «f a monkey with those pf a negro, and that
 the negro race was merely a connecting link
 between the human and the brute creation.—
 In the midst of this? profound speculations
 ab nit th origin and relations of our abused
 race, a shallow-pate I priest, but little superior
 to the slaveholder in point of intellect, came
 to th? rescue, lie slid he thought his friend
 from Kentucky mistaken in respect to the in
 tellectual powers of the negro, and named
 several m m among us whose talents are un
 qu istioae I—among others yourself. Fred
 erick Douglass,” said the Kentuckian, “is an
 ignorant fellow—the most so of any I ever
 heird speak in public. He is no speaker at i
 all, but the veriest negro story-teller.” To*
 this, the servile priest answered only that he
 was oppose 1 to slavery, hut in the same
 breath said he was no abolitionist. Here
 some one made allusion to the notorious
 wholesale amalgamation carried on bv slave
 holders w ith their slaves, which seemed to
 cut the slaveholder to the quick, and we all
 looked to see how ho would answer it.—
 Strange to say, he owned up the whole j
 corn,” and said that the same was true of the
 patriarchs, lie said that colored women were
 not like white women the former were des
 titute of virtue or intelligence, and were fit
 onle to perpetuate the race, ami never could
 be qualified for society. What w hile man,”
 said lie, would inury one of them Here,
 for the benefit of the ladies, I stated the case
 of th 1 c debrato l It. M. Johnson, who has
 two colored cl luglitors hy a slave woman, and
 has educitcl them, and those sane daugh
 ters are the wives of wealthy white men of
 he South, and 1 b dieve slaveholders. These,
 I said, arc facts; and considering the remarks
 of this Billingsgate fellow insulting to mvself
 a i i to d icency, I should take no further no
 tice of him. In this conclusion I had the
 sympathy of inos of the passengers.
 Ever yours for Equal Rights,
 11. W. FOSTER.
 London, Ohio, Oct. 19th, 81S.
 l);: \!t Sir :—1 take the liberty of requesting
 a short space in the columns of the North
 Star, for the purpose of saying a few words
 on the great question of human freedom, the
 great and absorbing question of the day. I
 have recently attended a large number of po
 litical meetings of botli the old political par
 ti es, and have heard numerous speeches made
 by some of their ablest men—even the great
 Senator Corwin. The most difficult of all
 questions with which they have to deal, is the
 question of slavery limitation or slavery ex
 tension. It is amusing to see how they
 sweat over it. Senator Corwin, in behalf of
 the Taylor party, seems to take this part of
 the work under his own care, and sad havoc
 he tnak 's of it. He contradicts himself, and
 seems not to know it. He declared in his
 speech a few days ago, that Old Zack (Gen.
 Taylor) was not pledged to anything; and in
 the same speech labored to show that he was
 pledged against using the Veto Power. The
 whole speech was as weak as water, and by
 fat the feeblest effort which 1 have heard from
 any slump orator during this canvass. It is
 certainly cause for rejoicing on our part to
 witness the extent to which the subject of
 slavery and liberty enters into the politics of
 the day.
 We want to sec the report of the doings of
 our Convention at Cleveland.
 ours for the oppressed,
 D. JENKINS.
 Proscfptton in Travelling.
 Mr. Editor —Sir:—Having some knowl
 edge of the position which you hold in rela
 tion to the subject of proscription on account
 of color, I have taken the liberty to send you
 a few lines on this subject, for the benefit of
 pnch as may ba disposed to withhold their
 patronage from a man who, on account of his
 evtr-me dislike (not to say his inveterate ha-
 Ued) against color, stands solemnly pledged
 to proscribe, ill-treat, and insult colored people
 whemver they favor him with it.
 Having occasion a »hort lime since to pass
 &lt;np the canal from Lock port to Buffalo, I
 chanced to alijiht OJI board of the opposition
 but Francis, commanded by Capt. Schuyler, j
 Soon au.-r we left the landing-place at Lock
 port, tie beil rung f„r passengers to settle
 for their passage. Inmyturu, 1 stepped up!
 to the table, (there being no office on the
 boat) and inquired Imw much the fare was to
 Huffiilo. I was informed by the captain that
 without dinner, and I
 fifty cents with. 1 paid the fifty and J
 requested the Cap!am to give me a dinner
 ticket. Hut he said that 1 did need one,
 as he should remember that 1 had paid for
 dinner. Nothing fun her of importance oc-
 curred until the hour arrived, when all thing* I
 were in readiness, as u usually rise case.—
 The ladies were all seated at the table, when
 a general rush of the passengers eusued, and
 the table was quickly tilled. Hut as I was in
 teeble health, and quite weak, 1 did uoi at
 tempt to gain admission to the first table, but
 still coiumned on deck.
 second table was ready, the rush
 tor a was about tbs same; and I still contin
 «;cd u&gt; keep my «&gt;at on deck. .After the sec j
ond table bad dined, and the crowd was over,
 I went down and took my seat hr the eabre,
 Imping to get a seat at the third without diffi
 culty, w hen due notice should be gives. Dot
 you can judge what was my surprise when, as
 1 attempted to take my seat at the table, 1
 found my arm fast is the firm grasp of a
 I stout colored man, who very unceremoniously
 informed me that I could not dine at that tabic.
 I inquired the reason, and was told that there
 were yet white people to eat, and it was
 against their rules to seat colored persons at
 I the table with white people. I again inquired
 if I had not paid as much for my fare as they
 i had. Hut 1 was promptly informed that it
 1 was useless for me to argue or contend, as I
 could not ba permitted to take a seat at the
 table while there were white people to eat.
 i Finding myself thus shamefully insulted anJ
 deprived of my rights, fir which I had paid as
 dear as any man on board,! left the cabin in dis
 gust, and resumed my s?at on deck to await
 the setting of the negro-tabic, at which I had
 no disposition to eat after the insults received.
 When within a few miles of Buffalo, a favor
 aide opportunity presented itaelf, and the fol
 lowing conversation took place:
 Burch. —Captain, I believe I paid you fur
 my dinner to-day, did I not*
 Captain. —(Starting up with considerable
 apparent surprise) You did sir.
 B. —l think, then, it is nothing more than
 just that you should refund my money, as I
 have been driven from the table by your
 Steward, and not permitted to have privi
 lege.
 1 C. —(Starting np from his seat with in
 creased surprise) Not had any dinuer! (at the
 same time handing me back my change)—not
 had any dinner that is very strange.
 B. —That is just what I thought too, cap
 tain and I wish now to inquire of you, sir,
 1 whether it is a rule of yours not to suffer col
 ored persons to sit down at table because
 there may be white people eating, or whether
 it was the exercise of undue authority on the
 part of the steward
 C —(Changing from his apparent surprise,
 and affecting a degree of sanctity which, had
 it been real, might have become a better man)
 —You know that white people have an ob
 jection to sit at the table with colored, and you
 know it will not do to offend those from whom
 we get our living, to gratify a few colored
 people.
 B. —Then you would give me to under
 i stand, do you, that however respectable acol-j
 ored man's appearance may be, whatever
 may be his intelligence or his moral worth, so
 long as he is a colored man he cannot be per- j
 milted to eat at the table with white people
 on your boat
 C. —(Changing from his affected sanity to
 give vent to the spontaneous effusions of his
 evil heart, his face flushed, and his eyes
 sparkling with the indignant fire that burned
 J within. Thus nerved for his important work,
 proceeded to answer) I have had many col.;
 ored passengers of as respectable appearance 1
 as you are; bat I never had one to say as
 much to me on this subject before in my life
 and now I wish it to be distinctly understood,!
 once for all, that no colored man can ever be'
 permitted to set down at my table to cat with 1
 white people.
 Thus it will be seen that Capt. Schuyler
 stands pledged to proscribe and insult every
 colored man that seeks a passage ou his boat.
 Permit me, then, to say, in conclusion, that it
 is the duty of every one who is true to his
 interest, and true to his color, to withhold
 from such a man his patronage, till, with re
 penting tears, he shall wash out that foul
 stain from his character.
 CHARLES BURCII.
 Buffalo. Oct. 4, 1848.
 An Appeal to the Benevolent and
 Humane.
 We, the undersigned, having known Ann
 Cartwright for several years, take much
 pleasure in bearing testimony to her good
 character, which we have had a fair oppor
 jtunity of investigating. She has always
 been noled for her habits of virtue, honesty
 1 and industry.
 s&gt;he was bom in the family of Mr. Triplet,
 in Virginia, six miles below Alexandria.—
 Her master died when she was quite young,
 leaving her a slave; aftei which she was hired
 out to different persons, until she grew up to
 womanhood, and was married. She was then
 hired to a Mr. Bradshaw in Washington City,
 where she became acquainted with Mr. Nich
 olas Boke and wife, of this city. She then
 had three children Mr. Hoke subsequently
 purchased her, and she lived with him in
 ■j New York, until the wages which he allowed
 her repaid him the amount he had paid for
 her, with the interest thereon.
 Soon after her arrival here, the church to
 w hich 6he attached herself proposed to pay
 to Mr. Boke the amount of the purchase
 money but she would not consent, and said
 it was her duty and wish to remain with Mr.
 and Mrs. Boke, according to her contract,
 which was until her wages should amouut to
 the purchase money and interest.
 The object of thus writing her history, is
 this Her eldest child and daughter, Grace,
 was recently sold to a slavetrader in Virginia,
 and would have been carried to the extreme
 South, entirely out of her reach, had not a
 disinterested friend advanced for her a sura
 sufficient to aid her in redeeming her child
 from slavery. The price paid for her daugh
 ter was $775, of which Ann has paid out
 of her own means $3OO, which she had aecu
 -1 mutated since purchasing her own freedom.
 Her brother, Henry Jackson, of this city, will
 present this appeal for ass stance to enable his
 sister to rejiay the money which has been
 kindly loaned to her.
 W. S. Johnson, sjo
 Cammaiula, 5
 L. W. PuTRA*, 5
 W. E. Whitney, 5
 Cincijuiatc» AND BIS Farm.’*— -The pub
 lishers of the Boston Chronotype have just
 issued a graphic illustration o| a scene upon j
 the farm of the modern Cmcinnatos.” In 1
 the foreground a brutal overseer is seen ap
 plying the lash to the bate back of a female
 in the rear are slaves at work upon the ewe- J
 field, while, with folded arms, okl Zack with
 a Cuba bloodhound at bts side, is surveying!
 thn scene with the complacency of a stow.j
 We presume the picture was not intended as&lt;
 a caricature. It is too truthful for that.
 Imhiokatnts. The number of Immi
 grants wlhi arrived at New York during the
 month of August was 16,835. The number
 who have arrived during the first eight months
 of the present year is 130,804. In 1847, j
 during the same months, the number of ani- 1
 vaU w as 110,175.
Which is th* Slav*!— The slaveholders
 ought to thank Mf. Henry G Wright for
 manufacturing one of the best arguments ever
 I made for their peculiar institution. He was
 attending a meeting in Ohio, where was a
 fugitive slave woman. The sadieeca were sc
 much interested in his account of her that
 they called upon her to come forward. Mr.
 Wright, probably expecting this, had arrang
 ed to hare Maria Otaifings, a daughter of the
 Hon. Joshua R. Gtddtags emas forward cm
 the platform with the slave wowaa. Whick
 !is the slave bieb is the slave*” war
 the question that burst forth from all parts ol
 the meeting and there was need of it, foi
 no stranger to both could tell from their ap
 pearance. This," replied the speaker, u
 the American *la»e, aad this is the daughtei
 of an American Congress man.” And froa
 this text he proceeded to preach a powerful
 sermon on the degrading influence of slave
 ij.
 But really if slavery can riaae young ladtei
 that can favorably compare with the dsught
 -1 ere of our Oogreso men, that is the best
 thing that can be said of it. True enough ii
 does not appear why young ladies of that
 1 class should be enslaved, and the thought o]
 their being so is apt to stir up some indigna
 lion. Still if w e were going to produce a
 fact the most condemnatory of the system
 we should seek a female slave thit could be
 j distinguished most easily from the daughtei
 of a congress man, and enough of them car
 be found that would be sufficiently ihsuncl
 J without tfiktng any advantage of their color.
 We give slavery too much eredit, judging tl
 by the fugitive slaves whom we see. Th*
 millions that remain behind, too stupid tc
 escape show the genuine results of the system
 —these reckless, thoughtless, contended be
 ings whose stupidity convinces white philoso
 phers. nearly equally stupid, that they are
 only fit for slavery, are the most horrible
 1 proofs of the murderous character of the
 institution.— Chronotype.
 Outrageous if True.—We learn that a few
 months ago, a colored man who had received
 some education, commenced teaching a
 school for free colored children near George
 town, Sussex county, Del., when a number
 of white rowdies, went to the schoolmastei
 and threatened him that they would take him
 to the public whipping post,” if he did not
 cease teaching his school; the man remons
 trated, stating that it was a lawful calling,
 and he was not willing to abandon it, how
 ever, in a few days theso said rowdies wen:
 to the school-house, took the teacher out of
 the school, carried him to the public whipp
 ing post” at Georgetown, and unmercifully
 lacerated the poor fellow’s back, and only let
 him escapo upon a promise to teach no
 more.
 A negro servant of Judge Wootton, hap
 pened to say that they would not have
 served him so,” when the mob went into the
 Judge’s yard, took him out to the said whip
 ping post,” and lashed him, also unmerciful
 ly. The Judge nearing of the matter,
 stepped to his yard gate, to expostulate with
 the wretched mob, wlien he was threatened
 to be served in like manner; and the Judge
 even thought it prudent to send an apology
 to the uiob, for even speaking in behalf of his
 servant.
 If this be true, and we have it from most
 respectable authority, are such mobocrats re
 publicans Are they fit to enjoy freedom
 Would not such conduct disgrace the dark
 ages* Does the Delaware Slavery demand
 such conduct fur freedom* Bui be it re
 membered that two-tlurds of all the slavss in
 Delaware, (2300 in all,) are held in Sussex
 county. We hope never to have such a dis
 graceful affair again to record. We almost
 feel ashamed that Sussex belongs to Delawate,
 and we further learn that only three of the
 Grand Jury, at the following term of the
 Court, had independence enough to go for
 finding a bill against these violators of the
 law, order and humanity, and they now stand
 Srosecuted and threatened with the Lynch
 jaws. Ob Lord, deliver us from Slavery
 1457. Del. Blue Hen's Chicken.
 Washington and his Slaves. Rev.
 James T. Woodbury, of Acton Mass., bro
 ther of the Hon. Levi Woodbury, when de
 livering lectures on the subject of Slavery,
 not uufrequenily adverts to the circumstance
 which drew his attention to the subject. Dur
 ing his slay in the Capital of the United
 States, he had a wish to visit the tomb of
 Washington. He; was attended by an aged
 negro, whose business it has been for many
 years to guide travelers to that consecrated
 spot. This old man was formerly the slave
 of Gen. Washington. Mr. Woodbury asked
 him if he had any children.
 “I have had a large family,” he replied.
 “And are they living*” inquired the gen
 tleman.
 The voice of the aged father trembled with
 emotion, and the tears started to his eyes, as
 he answered:
 I don’t know whether they are alive or
 dead.—They were all sold away from me,
 and I don't know what became of them. I
 am alone in the world—without a child to
 bring me a cup of cold water in my old
 age.”
 Mr. Woodbury looked on the infirm and
 solitary being with feelings of deep compas
 sion.
 And this, thought he, is the fate of slaves,
 even when owned by so good a man as Gen.
 Washington! Who would not be an Aboli
 tionist
 Petition !—The colored people of Illinois,
 beng excluded as witnesses in courts of jus
 tice, and denied the right of suffrage, have
 called a convention to petition the Legislature
 for a redress of those grievances.
 What is the Reason. —We have a little
 girl, Miss Olive Minor, about twelve years
 old, compositor in this offioe, that will set
 6,000 “MV’ per day, distribute her own mat
 ter, arid keep her case in perfect order. Miss
 Olive has only worked at the ease about three
 months. According to New York com
 positor’s prices, 31 cents, this would amount
 to the fine little sum of $1,86 a day.— Lodi
 Democrat.
 According to the prices given for female
 type-sticking in the offiqps of the Olive
 Branch, the Puritan, and other religious pa
 pers in this city, via, 12 'ients, it would
 amount to the fine little sum of 72 cents a day.
 Chronotype.
 John C. Calhoun said, in reply to the
 question whether he did not apprebeud that
 Gen. Taylor might prove false to the South
 on the slavery extension question Sir, we
 require no pledge from Gen. Taylor. The
 holder of a Southern plantation—-the owner
 of three hundred woolly beads, need not give
 the guaranty of soy pledge.”
 The above paragraph is front the Cleveland
 Plaiudealer. We do not vouch fur tu authen
 ticity.
 A CoNsotiN© Thought.—A Democratic
 editor furnishes the following illustration of
 the old saying, that it is but one step from
 the sublime to thu ridiculous”:
 Reader, did it ever occur to you that when
 the glorious dawn of the mtUemutn shall
 burst forth upon your eutootahed riaioo—when
 the pillars of the earth shell be upbeeyed,
 sod creatMM shall rock upon lus broad basis—
 when the sure shall shoe* madly from their
 spheres, and when ecu orb of day, as he
 rolls on in hie meridian apleodor, shall m
 vulva the nariues of tha earth is sue general
 conflagration— we say did it assarts yea. that
 amul thu w reck of matter aad this crush of
 worlds when heaven’s last thunder shall
 shake this sublunary sphere, and you can
 smile undismayed o er its reins, consoled by
 ths pleasing reflection thM you ones voted for
 Cass and Bailor.**
 Axonal Patht.— After allopathy, hooKo
 opathy and hydropathy, wc have now mropa
 thy, by which Dr. Chapomricr introduces all
 therapeutical agsfta into the system through
 the respiratory orgaefttl the form ef vaper.
Cantata.— The New York Morning Star,
 gives the following hint, which seems worthy!
 of repetition, in reference te this pestilence. 1
 We published last week, some remarks
 upon Professor Davis’s theory of electricity
 and atmosphere- phenomena being the esses j
 of cholera.— "bambere's Edinburgh Journal,
 tn as article on the robject, maintains that
 electrical changes are the true cause of such
 migratory diseases as cholera sad plague;
 and indeed of all epidemics. The true reme
 dy, therefore, is the purification of the atmns- 1
 phere, and the chief subject to effect this is 1
 Chlorine Gas, which is an ingredient in
 common salt. Whole srireet* and towns can
 he fumigated with chlorine gas as coaly ms
 single dwellings. In 1832, the town of
 Dunfermline in Scotland, was affected with
 cholera from the 3d of September until ibe
 23d of ChrtobiT. At that date every street,
 lane and alley was fumigated with chlorine
 gas.— Within fire days the pestilence was en
 tirely annihilated. In EJtnbnrgfa the gas was
 need, hat rather late, aad tn several other
 towns with equal effect. It was ascertained
 beyond a shadow of doubt, ami to this fact
 we beg the earnest attention of our readers,
 and the public at large, that every house iu
 the iufectcd districts in which ciilurine gas
 was used as a disinfecting agent in the cholera
 of 1832, enjoyed an absolute immunity from
 the disease, and this fact is the great preser
 vative against that frightful disease, and a
 positive proof that Cholera owes it ongin 10
 electrical changes in the atmosphere.
 What the South thinks or the Free
 Soil .Movement.— The Mobile Daily Herald
 remarks -r s*;
 We should not he at aH surprised if tl»e
 Free Soil candidates carry some ax or eight
 states—at all events, enough to prevent the
 election of a president by the people. This
 is the expectation of the leaders of the party,
 as avowed by John Van Binen in a speech a
 few days ago at Philadelphia. We do not
 see how a party could possess more elements
 of popular power in the free states than this.
 It doubtless has the deepest sympathies of the
 people on its side. This is so apparent that
 it paralyzes the efforts of the more ambitious
 placemen of the other parties.—They see
 very plainly that, if not now, it will ultimate
 ly absorb all other question in the free states,
 and that those who resist it must do so at the
 sacrifice of their political prospects.
 Mr. ('alhoun declared recently that the!
 party in the free suites that shall be defeated
 at the ptesidential election will go over in a 1
 body to the barnburners. We have no doubt j
 of this; and moreover that the victorious
 party will do the same thins as soon as the
 time approaches for the succeeding election.
 As much as we may condemn the free soil
 movement, or tlie objects of those who gave
 it birth, it is, as far as the people of the north
 are concerned, a moral movement. It stands
 above the common motive of political partisans, j
 It has a hold in the conscientious convictions
 of the people. The force thus given to it is j
 augmented by a consideration of interest, j
 Slavery, say the barnburners, is adverse toj
 the interests of labor. It degenerates it. The
 white man cannot be a freeman where it
 exists. With this combined power, added toj
 the hope of tlie leaders that it must lie tri- j
 umphant, it is impossible to calculate what
 may be its immediate effects, or how far it is
 about to cotutoi the results of the approaching
 election.
 A young and beautiful Irish girl, flamed
 “Ann,” (servants and slaves have no sur- i
 nams iu the South,) a servant in a hotel at
 MadisonvHle, Louisiana, was mysteriously,
 murdered at that place on the 12tli, and her
 body afterwards thrown into the river.
 Astronomical Discovery.—We have
 great pleasure in announcing that, on the
 uight of the 21st-22d, Mr. Bond, the astrono
 mer of the University at Cambridge, obtained
 observations by which he ascertained the ex
 istence of an eighth Satellite of the planet j
 Saturn Till this tiipe thi* Satcll te has
 been undiscovered, though Mr. Bond has for
 some time suspected its existence. Adver
 tiser.
 U“pTh3 Comet of Encki has made its
 appearance, and some observations have
 been made upjn it at tlie Observatory in
 Cambridge.
 Marriage Extraordinary. —At Vienna,
 in Austria, a gentleman 86, without legs,was
 mirriel to a I idy ag; I 7’J, without amt.
Commercial.
Rochester, Oct. 19, 1848.
 The past week has been one of moderate activity,
 an 1 Like sales of grain have been rath* li a ht. Pri
 ces have undergone very little change
 The effect of the news bnmght by tlie Britannia,
 upon the New York market was scarcely percepti
 ble. Flour was taken for shipment at former rates,
 and tlie range of price* was unchanged.
 In our market there is not much doing in produce.
 Corn and OaU are not materially changed in price
 and the supply is limited.
 Potatoes of good quality sell at 28 ets per bushel.
 Rochester Wholesale Prices Current*
 FLOUR and MEAL—Duty 20 If c ad val
 Flour, V hhl 500 tt&gt; 550
 Corn meat, y hush 50
 PROVISIONS—Duty; Beef,Pork,Hams, Baron,
 Butter and Lord, 2d ffc; Cheese 80 (f c ad val
 Pork, (mess) .14500 15 50
 Do. in liog »4 00 ®450
 Beef, ewt. SSO B 4 SO
 Do. bbl. (mess) .100 C 8 OO
 Lard (tried) Jflh 7
 Do. (leaf,) 6&gt; 6
 Haute, (smoked) 7 6b 8
 Sltouhlcre, do. 4 0•• 5
 Turkrys f k 0
 Chickens 0
 Potatoes, hush. 25
 GRAIN—Duty; 20 c ml val
 Wheat, hush 1 1-i
 Corn 45 48 50
 Rve ..50
 Oau 28
 Barley £0
 HIDES—Duty; 5 f c ad val
 J-laughter 3*
 Calf ..10
 Sheep Pelts 12J 0 25
 SEEDS—Duty; Linseed 10 c; Jla.urJ 20 r
 r ad val
 Clover
 Timothy 125
 Flax 1 00
 FlSH—Dutv on foreign 2O Jf c ad Tal
 Whitrfuh lihi 7 00
 Codfish ca t 3 50
 SUNDRIES—
 Salt, bid 125
 Apples, Jf hush .00
 Do. dried 75
 Eggs, E dot 10
 Beans, fp hush 1 00
 llay.etoal 1000
 Hard wood
 Si .ft Wood
Aimertistmtnts.
LAST CONCERT!
 TBE HCTCRUSOI FAMILT,
 GraieM (s ths ckissas of Sockußr, tar flwr
 TAINMENT at
 ■IfTEBTA HALL,
 ON SATURDAY EVENING, Oct. 21, IStt,
 When a programme a i «heir Miv vad pi.hwinns
 will be introduced, smnf ahirh an
 The Cat where we wasehsn.
 The Imfiaa m
 He daethafl (bias* *«tt.
 TV Old deed. Bd.
 GmgfeHow’r Soog uf Gfr,-
 The Bertavm! Shwa Mather,
 There** (aad MBS
 The Sfcp aa Fre.
 N -Eightboßws a DHy.”
 Bithhrk L sweat.
 UUQnmmdmot.hr km
 Tickets lOrewU. Ta he had Mriha Msmc ttsrvs
 an I at the door oa the eveatag of Mft aaisrialament
 Dears m at past 5-CWtrt to era—mn at
 past 7 o clock.
JOB PBUVTfFfC.
 rrilE NORTH STAR OFFICE, hr*M
 X«4Ami 7jypr, fut dip i M i*i&gt;'iii of t»ffi
 drorrkMMMU of Prialirtf «iih watm-,* ud
 at die lowest prices for ciwii, ei*;
 Hand-Litt*, Rtink*. BilMteadb,
 Pp&lt;m&gt;ancw, Cirt-aWs, |b«J« of LariM*
 Pavpfclrts, Cards, LaLrU.Rr.
Narrative of the life of Freder
 ick DOt'ULASS, written bl biairlf, to l*
 had at this office, prirr 30 cent*.
Open t» tkr Piter, fan .4. if. t*B p. V.
 The a\	i-sL4very office read.
 no room. Ao. 23. n«&lt;r.,u, tv
 Room is «p«tK fanu&lt;V d, and tV tabk-* Hied whh
 mime nC tHe U“*l Rcli-
 Political ait.l Lilrnar% Papers.
BOOKS, Fur Sale at the AkthSuvikt
 Orncr. It Reahixi; Root, Ko. 2S BaSala
 *t., Se-cowd Store opposite the Arc*-.!*:
 Narrative of F'reibrirk Dourias*.
 Jonathan Walker.
 Portrait -V-
 Spooner nfi PnrtAftiCrtmulitT uf Slavery.
 W. Phillip* reply to Jo.
 Legem of Liberty.
 Slavery illustrated hy it* effect on Woman.
 AU a riH) ranerr nf Fanry and neefnl article*
 nvule by the Ltdies* Anti-SLirr.*ry Society.
Xew Hatch ani Jewelry Stare.
 JOHN KEDZIE bavin" change-! hi* partnership
 relation*, ha* remove I hi* Shop two door#
 I North to No. 11, State Street, where he is prvjiared
 successfully to compete in the sale of an entire new
 Slock of Goods, consisting of (101 l ami Silver
 English, Anchor, Horizontal and Vertiral Watches,
 Gobi Chari awl Fob CbaMW, (told Seals and Keys,
 Uol.t and Silver Pencils, Spectacles an Thimble*,
 Gobi Ear-Rings, Bracelet*, and Finger-King*—n
 focxl ass-rrtme.it, cheap; a variety of Ltiir*’ ami
 [waatlctnen’s Breast-Pins, new aty k*; double ami
 tingle Hunting goLI an 1 plated Lockets, Gull Pens,
 hest quality, Silver an 1 Shell Coinlis ami Ca#-»s,
 Fine Cutl -ry, &amp;c. for.
 Th* above anJ a variety of other d-sirable Godd*
 usually kept in our business, are offered on more ad
 vantageous terms than usual; nod it is particularly
 desired that the g&lt;iod* sltoul I be examined, ami
 prices ascertained, before purchasing elsewhere ill
 this market.
 We mauuf teture and keep on ban I a goo I assort
 ment of Silver Spoons, yvarranted us [&gt;ure as Ame
 rican coin.
 Will also keep an assortment of Aneordeort* ami
 other Musical I.islruinnts, which will be sold very
 lour.
 We intend to keep a g.xr I assortment of the liest
 Brass Eight-lay, 30 hour,and alarum (.'locks, as can
 be found in this city.—Call and see them.
 WATCH REPAIRING, faithfully done and war
 ranted by an experienced workman.
 Farther particulars at No. 11 State Street.
 J. KEDZIE Co.
 P. S.—To the Fanners in particular we would
 give notice, that wc liave a variety of Barometers 1
 which will give that knowledge of the cluing -s of (he
 weather, so as to lie able to adopt his business to its
 variations. Please call and exami.ie tliem, as every i
 man ought to have one.
 Sep. 15,1848. 6in. J
DR. A. CLARK,
 DENTAL SURGEON.
 I would respectfully inform the citizens of Rochester
 ami surrounding country, that 1 lave removed my
 office from No. 89 Smith’s Arcade to my dwelling
 house No. 92 Monroe Street.
 1 hankful for past favors in tlie line of my profes
 sion, an I ffattering myself that 1 can give perfect
 satisfaction to all who may favor me with their jia
 troiuige. I would invite all those who are de
 sirous ofhaving operations performe I on the teeth or
 of having teeth inserted to call on me and satisfy
 tliemsclvc*.
 A. CLARK.
 N. B. All operations |jerformed by me on the
 teeth and Plate Work warranted.
 Roeliester, Oct. 13, 1848. tf.
NEW PUMP FACTORY.
 THE sulwcriber takes this method to inform the
 citizens of Rochester and vicinity, that he has
 just established a Pump Factory, at munlier 224,
 Alain street, where lie will lie happy to wait upon all
 who may favor him with their patronage.
 Having had considerable experience in his line of
 liustneiH,, ho pledges himself to furnish as good an
 article, aad of as good material, as can Us procured
 at any other similar establishment in this city. His
 Pumps are furnished with either wood or haul pipe,
 as may suit customers. He also snspplies, to order,
 every description of Aqueduct logs, or Lead Pi|&gt;e.
 The subscrilxjr will take pleasure in directing such
 of his custom"rs ;is may require the information, to
 comjietent workmen, wlm will attend to all calls for
 digging, drilling, or blasting wells, promptly, and at
 reasonable rates. Ali kinds of Pumps repaired to
 order.
 The all &gt;ve work will lie furnished at the
 lowest prices, fir cvsh. Persons will do well to
 give him a call before purchasing elsewhere.
 J R FELT
 Roeliester, July 14, 1843. 1y29
fash GrafM-y and Prorisfon Stare.
 No. 133, Main street, corner of North street.
 (Old Htaal of Edward Dardwell.)
 JUST receive), and will he kept constantly on
 han l, an extensive aul complete assortment o
 Groceries ami Provisions.
 •A large lot of Groceries just receive.!, bought in
 New York, at tiie lowest of the very low prices of
 the present season.
 Sugars, from a fs&gt;d article at 5 cents per lb. to
 the lx*st crushed and powdered.
 Clear, heavy Porto Rico, Constantin and New
 Orleans Molasses, verv km for 'he quality.
 Mackerel, Sliad, Codfish, Ric*, Raisins, whole
 and ground Spices, Fruits, and all tie- articles, too
 numerous to mention, which make a full variety to
 supply every want of families or dealers.
 Ounce fresh Green and Black Teas.
 Extra Old Java and other Coffees.
 Cash paid for produce and provision*.
 Tl»e attention of farmer*, city families and dealers
 is respectfully solicited. Tif*eslw b« long fre
 quented this well known stand are invited to con
 tinue their patronage, and all in want of goods in
 my line, are invited to examine my assortment and
 pore*.
 1 sell for C**h only, and can therefore afford to
 sell h, w A new b&gt;t of good* expected from New
 York in a lew day*. I intend to mnke arrange
 ments soon to keep a supply of Frte Lulyjr (jracmui.
 Customer* shall be assuredof as much reality as
 [iretence iu the quality and price of inv good*.
 G. B. STEHBI.NS.
 Rochester, July, IS#. 3u,20
New an i Sffond-lland Clotkißg,
 At Errksnft Strut, Rtckudtr.
 LLOYD SCOTT wudd most respectfully inform
 his friends ami tiie PuNic generally, that he ha*
 constantly on band an exccling assortment of New
 and Second Kami Clxliiii;, «*i as Coots, Pinta
 lonns, Vests, hx., with which be will sappiy
 C wbswr. at the most reasonable Prices.
 L. S. desires also to mf»rm the P&gt;ihlie, that be
 attend* to retwirhig and renovating, which he war
 rants to be dune at the cheapest rate, and in the
 best and neatest possible tna/we-r. lit* Iwq experi
 ence in the bovine** warrants him in assuring all
 who may patroauu* him, that his work shall be done
 to thehr entire satisfaction.
 Rochester, July 14,1848.
TRUNKSJ TRUNKS!
 TJE first iplilv of article is to he hud at I. AI NG
 It BON* ElJ.*B new EuaMiduacst, No. 30,
 State Skiwt, Reef jester. Also a general assort
 i mmt of Valises', Travelling Bags, kc., a inch at*
 offered at the very lew** price* Lr Cash.
 Carriage Trimming exerulrfj in the latest *tvV
 i and with dirpstteh, by J. T. La rag, at bis old stami
 in Stale Bowt, opposite the lLuuus House.
 J. T. L- having had extensive experience in the
 Easters market*, hope* to give nti-Cictios to a
 who sh.il favor him with their pa-
 July 14, 1848. 3.a
AUBURN ul ROCHESTER
 RAIL-ROAD v
 ON *nd after Friday, June 30th. there Wfllb* three
 Passenger Trains daily each way—
 Leaving Rochester at 1.15 P. M., •lAi p. M. awl
 If tf—
 Leaving Adam at *1 A. M., 9 A. M., and €.30
 P. M.
 WgJTWsan —After the* date, thr train leaving
 Afcany mmd Troy no tiuurtky evening, will nsnis
 at Awbnrw from Benda* uamng tiH Haw lay evening,
 when is wih preened we-tw*ni at the iwii ittirar ap
 painted for the •*—tag Irani.
 EiiTStsn.- The morning train from Buffalo,
 leaving Rochester daily, at It M., *HI aha hereaf
 ter he disease teerd an Bandar «e Bun Band.
 WR. WILEY. Bmtnintsndswt.
 Rochester. Teeaday. Illh Jaly, l&amp;S.
IbJr-Cvttißg art Creaftts* at
 RAITH FRANCIS’S fUom,, the Engle
 Hotel, Buldo-meet.; jdu-fin
AN D WILLIS, Dealer* ia Dreg-, M«li-
 Jl (knsinb. Dp Btatfs. Paints. Vanish.
 &lt;&gt;&gt;b. (.fa*».,a*v. Hrmfcr*. f'ufantj. DaereYnvntrpr
 I,J German (Vmmb, AiUst*’
 Infer*, Hnsl— aad Canvas*, Literal Oil. Gold
 I^froil. kr. k^.
 Bern* Agimts for mart of the rrlrbrafc-d Famdv
 •"J vahaMc Patent M«)sin*«, and
 same ilirwth f the Torres -*c tht-ir A*- U i«,
 Ibev are enabled to rej-pb alt twdrr* at wbnfoaate
 aaai retail, oa the art lay.roU. icimt.
 Horn n oaf K»c Me Jo oar*, a tv! PmiHi
 G*sr-*, with feß dirertioa*. Only agents for Vl'cit'-
 cm V* Yoik.
 Aka&gt;, Sh rsisd’* Vilraton Magnetic Machines,
 s ith ilirwtiiw*.
 Phosgt-rr Ga#; al«.t Ethrrid Oil and Lamp*, for
 fawning the mst. Th -c wh.r w&lt;»ubl r*»&gt; rfft cco
 ootny zad nmnlorocr arc i»«itnl McXMiitK duN
 I jmji*. Thr attention of Country Merchants, Phy
 sician#, Families, .T»l utVrs. wishing i«
 above tine, i* rpq&lt;w#«ed at the APOTH WAKILfiT
 HALL, 4, Exchange Stnvt.
 FIR A.\l) SiLlk II ATS.
 IjVARRINGTON PRICK, m imU.icturf-r and
 ilealer in Fur .tvl Silk lists, Ct rth and Fur
 Caps, lalvf’ Fur* and Trimming*. Ttn'blo R.4*-*
 and an assortment r,f Hat Cam s. I mforlkis, Ac.,
 for. foe.. N«». 2. St. Paul Street. Miu-rv* llUk.
 XJ- A ttsu.ll su.-plv of Buckskin U ovts and
 Mittens
 ROCHESTER SHOF. AND LE ATHER
 JOBBING HOUSE.
 THE subscriber* at No. 22 State street, hike pb-a
 -1 sure in announcing to tin* wjldic tlmt tlie\ have
 completed omtitgerants by which tlicy are cn.d4.-d
 to offer the most satisfactory inducement* to all en
 gaged in the salr or mamifoctnre *B* Boots and Shoe*,
 to nane to this market Ibr a supply.
 They are also offering on the us inf favorable terms,
 a large stock of Sole an I Upper l/dither, Kip, Calf,
 and Morocco Skins, with a full assortment of Find
 mg, including Lust*, Pegu; &amp;c. Dealer* will tiud it
 greatly to tbeir mterrst to examine our stock leforc
 fiurcliasing elsew here.
 j&gt; 10 SAGE PANCOST.
 PRINTING PAPER AGENCY.
 are Agents for the Buffalo Paper Mills,
 v where Paper of tlie liest quality is made from
 pure spring water, very white and s'u.M.th. A stee
 ply of .New and Book P;iper kept constantly lor
 sale by us, at .Mill prices, in largo or small lots.
 Auy size and &lt;|unlity of Paper not on hand, fur
 nished at short notice.
 Printers and others will do well to call and exam
 ine the quality a id price, at No. 6 Exchange st.
 FISHER Co.
 jj-21 Bookseller* and Publishers.
OWEN MORRIS’ CITY BINDERY
 I).*IDF. R TH F MUSLCM —late FISH F. K fo WOHKIS.
 MR. MORRIS was in tlie employ of Mr. Marcus
 .Morse for seven veal's, and during that time
 procured Ibr him thn-e Silver Medals, for tin- N-sl
 specimens of Book Binding, exhibited at the Me
 eliatlirs’ Fairs held in this city aud Buffalo.
 Gent'einen’s Libraries fitted tip and irpatretl
 Music Paper mk*d; Music and Periodicals lion is I
 and finished to any pnttern. Blank Acciiunt Book
 executed at this establishment have given unequalled
 satiaf.iction, liy their rhirnbility ami eleganee. Strict
 attention is always paid to tlie t|Uß?ity of paper used,
 to ren !er tia in eipial to the best in tlie United States
 or those imported.
 Ladies’ Scrap anil Guard Books, Albums aiwl
 Portfolios, in all their varieties, manufactured to
 or&lt;icr in the liest style.
 Banks, Institutions, Societies, &amp;r., may l&gt;e
 assured of work being done on the most advantageous
 terras.
 Ge i tie men residing at a distance, In packing aud
 forwarding volumes to the above direction*, stating
 price and style,biay rely upon their h-ing well bound
 on tlie most favorable terms, also eajefully and
 punet'iallv reliirned.
 N.B. I'he proprietor Ims spared no expense in
 fitting up the establishment, ami introducing into
 Western New York tlie latest improvement* in
 Book Binding.
 OWEN MORRIS,
 City Bindery, under the Museum.
Important to Farmers.
 IDE’S Patent Wheel Cultivator and Wire Gras*
 Plow. Tlie Farming Public are hereby informed j
 that Letter* Patent have lieen taken out l&gt;\ the Sub
 scriber for his recent great improvement* in the con
 struction an l manufacture of FIELU CULTIVATORS; 1
 an improvement so great as to entirely revolutionize
 tlie w hole system of farming, by reducing the expense
 one-half or inure. Wherever they have lieen intro
 dneed, they have met the decided approbation of
 farmers, as the following certificates from tlie intel
 ligent an I practical farmer* wliwac names are
 attached, abundantly short
 CERTIFICATES.
 This may certify that we, the Subscriliers, have
 seen anil used the Patent Wlieel Cultivator, invented
 by Nathan lur, of Shelby, Orleans Co., New
 York, and believe it t lie, as a labor-saving ma
 chine, one of the greatest improvements of the age.
 By it, a farmer can put in fro.n ten to fifteen acre*
 more of wheat i i a year, with the same amount of
 team lalior; he can also sow it in much liettcr order.
 By it also Canada thistles and other noxious weed* j
 may lie totally extirpated. Said machine is so con
 structed that it can lie regulated to go any depth, by
 m ail* of screws on the uiiper |iart of tlie machine,
 and thus either plow up the ground thoroughly, or
 only just brush the surface. I’pon the whole, we
 thiak it decidedly th" best michine ever invented for
 pulverizing the ground an I facilitating the lainr of
 the Farmer, and as such we cheerfully rccoinmon I ii
 to mir brother farmer*.
 James 11. Hedlev, Janie* Me
 Kno* Newman, J din Steven*,
 John C. WhreLr, Uni te* llcdb-v,
 Gar lner Berrv, James P. Aaif. rson,
 SHeliy, C.k, April 23, 1843.
 We, the un Uvsigaed, [Xircliaseil one of Nathan
 Idc’s Patent Cultivators last Full, and found it
 answer the pin-pose so well, that we h ive this Spring j
 tna&lt;le purchase of another. We can with this Plow
 prepwre with two hoi-si's, eight acre* of laud per day 1
 fir wheat, and it is much better d.iue than fq tlie
 old plows; and die laud pepared Lj tiiis Cultivator
 wilt yield 5 liusli. tier acre more.
 ELI CHURCH.
 Rig June, 1848. DEN.NIH CHURCH.
 After tiiese testimonials, the Sufjrtcrilk-r deem* it
 oimecessarv to enter into u long and elalsirate de*«
 cripti'in of the impl«;inenf, with its various iii-mlcs of I
 operation. To he fully appreciated, it immt lie seen I
 ami used. No tinner who folly understand* hi*
 interest will be without one, a* it i* an invaluaUe
 implement.
 NATHAN IDE, Patentee.
 Bln-lliy, Orleans Oi., N. Y., Jul&gt; 1848.
 I DU’S Patent Cultivator is maoufictured by
 LEVI WELLS, Buffalo Street, near (lie Bull’s
 Head, Ris-he*tiT, N. Y., wfu-re firim-is art invited
 to call aa.l examine for thr-mselre*.
BOSTON ADI LUTISLHhMS.
NEW BOOKS.
 FOR SALE at the Anti-Slavery Depository, 21,
 Comhiff—namely,
 The Liberty Bell for 1849. At w copies remain.
 Life of dlum W Brown, 2.1 Edition, with addi
 tion.! I inilli-r and new iui;rt»inj». Price, Grand,
 374 ets; in paper covers, 25 cts.
 Mr. Hhackfonl’* Appeal in regard to tbs War with
 Mexico, 124 cts.
 Position and Duties of tiie V-rth, with regard to
 Stum. By Andrew P. Peabody. 5 ct*.
 ."six M mills at Graofcnherg. By Henri C. Wright.
 ti,&lt;w.
 D* k Crowaiqg'hiel I, tin; assassin, .tnd Zu tor)
 'Paylor, the Soldier; the Difference Is-tween
 lieis. By lletwy C. Wright. 3 eU. single; 25
 ft*, per doom.
CLARKSON,
 LONDON EDITION—W ITH PORTRAIT,
 t FEW copies of Cl. UIK.SON’S IIfSTORA
 A OF THE ABOLITION OF TIIE SLAVE
 TRADE, w«h prefatory remarks on Uu #4 .e.juei.i
 iUJihsi iff Slavery a le-utdui b/wl&gt;a
 w id* a fi.v P ortrsit &lt;ff th&gt;- Author, ikm' on *leel,——a
 to A whi'+i rusll not lie iiqartnf fin k&gt;« uate hree
 •tellur-, ran be had at 31, C unhid, if |i|tbi for
 immediate).,at ii» verv iow price iff O* IDo IL-tt,
 cash. Ala.'., El LOGICM ON CLARKSON, by
 ALtitiutt'f’tesNm, at the r*-k»ct price r&gt;»
 twelve and a bah cents.
MACON B. AU.CV, Atbimn ami Counsellor
 at Law, Mutximntj Blork.
BOYS’ CLOTHING.
 WILSON. I», Brattle i»trcet, having
 O emde reeen* wfiiinn* hi* »t&lt;wk, i. urisrul to
 fenush BOYS' CLOTHING, .ff as gait matsvi,!
 and hi, and at as cheap prices, as on be «4*aracd in
 (be city.
NEW ENGLAND SECOND HAND
 CLOTHING STORE,
 Nn. 9€, Vmiott ffimt, Bsitiiv.
 JOHN WRIGHT keeps «.uah .ra hand e
 great variety &lt;ff New and Second Hand Oethw-
 Gauds of si kinds, sv h ns aid cluthrs, W. I. Sawii,
 Watches, Boats and fihsi, A'., exchanged fit* new
 Htffim. Cash advanced on nil kinds of funds
 from am t» one lent bed duffers.
ISAAC 11. ftNOWIIEN.P-oak.Newspnptr.nml
 I Fancy Job Printer, IJ, Water Street,
 fr*” Alt arte* pe-mprly atteodei t«, awl neatly
 executed.
HOME FOR REFORMER*.
 THE mt ff I Set I» fWWT*I tt 4at arvt.cvwvs.
 luen?, and cmththttuiirf-bcwr. No. 21 Otrtrxl
 C. mt. betc hr «ib he an happy t». «Bs*w»
 .j the I rw-mls a* Kefc-nn. m rrimom bV churfe*.—
 He «i.-h-*s bn burr t-&gt; hr t!&gt;r Ctn'ral place m Ik*-
 t *hi s t*«r f&lt; trsli of T( U V4WH-*. I .esc*. Parity
 I'-wA.n, it*- Prirnsv, Ac..tuny meet iigsthcr.awl
 a c -miavtal aa.l tjmrt t**«*c.
 l ewtt*! t'*art ••twrts at 238 Washington *trrrt.
 JOHN M SPEAR-
 Breton. f| pqti,
 r rilOMVs p SMITH. NV. PnMle Stre*«,
 »hc Goktrw Halt ami B**owd
 iL4ni] 1 Stow.
 The .)lassarlmsrtt3QwanfrlvßfTlf«v
 4 MIMMKNUED *n t»v- (kr-t 1847.
 t.. lir nwtisunl. Ur- l»i c f Man a. J«w* aaa
 i*'»d &gt;cpt. It Wiii lw devoted u, vhe lat test
 4 1 I MM v f-WS, Un i?&lt; ctHvUtr b.f* Wr tt
 v..r to pres -at jn, 0,-r-n and fair fo M r tK- a., tK re
 ao.l it.senss'o* .4 iiwtlrre prtLuniag to PtwfoarmtK,
 I ".itKs, IjttTsinir. Religion, imi ilum.iaity.
 He- Review wiff be w.nJuctrd by R. Emrr
 n*y«!i*r Pinker, an.l J. EBiot'CaG4, as*i*tevl
 by «y-vcral other vmitk-mcn.
 l-a- h number \ydl cmiiaiii about 125 page*, at lire
 prn e a year, in ailvancc.
 Commu.ric»tio.M. sy,b*a qzi m s foe. sfomkl Us
 aJ.Jieis.-.; u&gt; tue Pebiiatirr*.
 COtJLIDGK k WILEY.
 12, Water Street, Boston.
Robert morris, j*., Attimiy a, K i r,Hm
 si-ilor at L&lt;\y, lirrur’i Building, State Street
 Bost.m.
TOIIN l&gt;. RF.VAI.KON, Hair (mimg Saksm,
 V ami Pi-rlUHiery Einpormiii, 114, BltekMouc-at.
SEW YOnK ADYERTISEYIEATS.
TEST PUBLISHED,and (or sale at tlie uffke of
 of the Anti SLivcry Stall-fir t
 The la'gion of Liberty, and Force of Truth, 10th
 edition.
 This work contains als-ot 230 page* of efirer
 reading; 300 eminent authorities, an.l about sixty
 illustrative engraving*- Price S7J ct*. in muslin,
 and 25 cents in pa|ier cover*. A vciy himnil dis
 cimnl to tln&gt;M‘ yvho ptmdiiuc a nuinl«-r of cqiies.
 The Condition# Inilut-nce, Rights, ami Appeal of
 W omen,fn&gt;tn various author*, 12J cents.
 Letter to the Pe«T|.le of tin- Unitixl States, tiMH'hing
 tlH* Matter of Shivery. By TIM-.Mlore Paiker.—
 pp. 120. l’rii-c lSg cents.
 in. W. Brnwn's Letnre Is-fore the Female A S.
 Society ot Salt-til, Mass. Rc|h&gt;iUxl In 11. M.
 Piitkhurst, llostou —pp. 22. I’ricc 5 cent*.
 Yyil.l.iAM S. I’OW Eld., Sailor'* Home, 61,
 V V (lu rry Street.
 DU. J. M’CUNE SMITH, 93, We*l Broad
 way.
 ’l' J INNINGS, Surgeon-1 Kmtist, IS&gt;5, North
 A Kroiuiway.
 JOSEPH C. IHH.I.Y, Boot and Shoe Maker,
 *J No. 97, Cranliery Street, P.i-iMiklyn.
 N.B. K pairing rn-atly rxeenfed at the shortest
 notice aud on the most reasonable terms.
 PHILIP A. WHITE, Druggist, corner of Frank
 fort mu I Gold Street.
 GENTEEL HOARDING lIOUSF.
 riIIARI.ES lIKJHGATE, nmiM respectJully in
 x tin in his friends and tlie public, that hr routiniH t
 to devote every attention to those pleased to favor
 his home” yi ith a esill. Tlie house i* pleasantly
 located at 632 Broadway, Afl any.
 Feb. IS, 18-48.
 dUII.I.IAM RICH, Hair Dressing and Biithing
 V Saltsni, Troy House, Troy, New York.
 NEW PUIILICATION*.~
 TIT ILL BF, READY IN A FF.W DAY’S,
 VY Wai.kkr’s Arrr.Ai,, with a brief sketch of
 his life by llrnry liighhuil (iunol.
 Also, Garnkt’s Aihlress w tkr Slave* »f the Uni
 ted Stair*. This address yens re levied by tin* Na
 tional Convention at Buffalo in 1843. The edition
 is small, ami those who desire copies will do well to
 send in their orders early.
 Jl ST PI BI.ISHKD, a 10-rture entitled Thi
 Past ash Pkf.sks r Cuxuition or thi Colon
 kii Race., by Hairy IlnflJ.iml Hanot.
 Published at Trov, N. V. Orders attended to.
 April 28, Bm.
&lt;*cncral fulfiligccre Office.
 (JEO. \V GOINES having opened an Establish
 ment at tlm I’lin.y ofi.phia In.*titvte,
 l/ombanl Street, idsive .Seventh, for tlw« pnrpoNe of
 proeurhig honest and faithful domestic* for tho*«
 who may require* them, nod obtaining places for
 such as are qualified and in want thereof, begs fc-nvo
 to refer to tin* following name I gentlemen, wiioluivo
 kindly peruiilteil the use of their names a*
 r v. r I'.RKSrtS:
 An Ircvv M’.Makiu hah tor of tlie American Courier
 lii.lii-rt Morris, Editor of tin- Inquirer
 Jasper Harding, Publisher of the Inquirer
 Charles J. PctiTson, Editor of Neal’s Gazette
 I hoe. It. 1 loreuce, E lilor of Time* and Kcystonw
 RoL'tl Howell, 88, (Jhesmit Street
 If 1 1 lire nt J. Mullen, 273, Coiheri'ie Street.
 Philadelphia, Sept. 1, I&lt;4B. ly—3ff.
DU. D. J. PECK, Physician an I £nrspy&gt;n, Phi
 ladelphia Institute, Lombard Stiecf, mlhivit
 Seventh. Jy—
FREE PRODUCE STORE,
 Nf.W GOODS just ncivtwl. General ico’uciioii
 in prices.
 Fine l-t Print*, various stvles.
 j Nev, styles of I’i int* of inc iinui qisility ,n#aal w idth.
 I Fitm- and wide Paper Miisltos. A Cok&lt;re.l
 j Cainliries. 1
 Curtain Cilie.i. Huimm tor fine Uimti Uinlmdlns.
 Oil Cloths.
 .Satinets, g.KMI and cheap. Also on fmmf, mowffy at
 reduced price*, Gingfcuns, varhms qnuhlics ami
 style*.
 Firu: mid heavy Siiirting, Sheetings, and Pilk.vr
 Muslins.
 Strified &lt;siiolvtrs. Pine 6-4 Pfcrt 1 Muslin,
 Muslin rh: Lone, id,tin rani nsutlv figured, all wool.
 Linens, warranted free fronttsHwi.
 Flannels 4-4 gi*.! and price k,w. Cautou fkwuwlr,
 while and colored.
 Table Dia|)er and CV&lt;hs, of iliffersnf styles,
 t Apron an FunutnreCheck, (aitln Handkerchief*.
 Cotton Twilled PanUikani .'Stuff*. Also Liner*
 Dullfng, lt&lt;~.
 lam g ami fin If Hose, 6m- nod heavy.
 I Knitting Cottou, vat eat* No#., hkacUet!, brow n, and
 j colored.
 Waikling, white ami rokiroJ Col ton Lips, Also,
 lli lim-il Lof, Crushed, awl Piifverrterf Mqpr.
 Brown ."Sugar, gu&lt;Mi ipwlity,of varu-is grrafe,.
 t The wish; »ti* k exehwiveU Free Iraiuir Gmls,
 to which (!te Bubscriher would imi'e tiie attention
 j &lt;ff cmimry 11. reliant*, as well a* his ftiei*!# and the
 public goorr.tllv.
 51m U pains is taken l-y tin* Mansgers of il.e Frew
 I Pr**li»e A.hsislmi, to assist the Hulisrribcr to en
 large tiie ius/flueiil from tooe to time.
 GEORGE VI TAYIff&gt;R.
 Northwest corner Fifth ami Lherr\-,u.
 2i tn&gt;&gt;. Ist, P&lt;4M. if
Free Labor Loodv.
 MA M I- ACTL HKD by tlve Aincnen Free Pro
 iluee Asoa-iaie-n, ami fa sake at No. 31, North
 Fifih-stiw-t, I’bda.U ’.pliia:
 Manciester Giughams; Checks, Apron and F*r.
 ■ntnre; Cantu* Fbnw*.|. wnfib-acra-.l; Mu-lin
 lilesrhed am! aiiikathv!, &lt;ff i«. s.us -p-slifir, aoifi
 wilth; thm Muslin f,r hnnav, Ir-wn and e&gt;hw«&lt;J:
 15wd Eye iowels; lAm l. swl whrfe WsUuit'
 Cora,n Laps; Lamp VV-kf Hed Ticking. m ex
 cellent artu k t niko, Ssto*kmgs, KaMting Cottuo
 hr. Ac. w
 j Orders tar (kwh, or lcf».v* Atiitig hthrmUNS,
 may I* addrcM** b, J. Mnler McKno.SI, North
 L.foi-eirMrt; Urawl L. Milh-r, Teuthrainral; or Ux
 James M tr, No. 35, Cter. h Alk-y.
 j A handsome aragtme-g of fVinU now
 "•haw!. yoL-^f
ABtl-Slatfry OHlcf*
 Ae. 31, Anr/A Fifth •Sfc-W, PhifaJcJphto.
 FULL assort me. :t of aetiahrm pvddicnterae
 A is Lpt CMistantU ml hw.i l. Alwi Hftf--trae
 varir»y uos.sriLu»t»*:» pidAicniira#, aa| unednl
 Atri f *acy Stationery.
 Al leiter. relwiura tn lit* best net* *f tk. -w—
 -te l* dire.te I to J, Milk-* MeKha, Jt. North
 I ikb-stieet, Dnhidpiiit, Mll
 THE DELAWARE AROt.ITIOftIMT
 is
 „,u.« w.rj7z; c. wtTILIIs.
 JAMI.."! 15 BlittoßE
 l’*d li-ting Agt^,
