Poetry.
From dr Natem* l
 (0- We regard Ur- of ,V
 frrie* which nor literature K
 ,V pei «f l rH tn
 true put. whur stirrm* •W^ 1 r.«*rilwlrd
 ,n «o »li*ht degree tV North
 OO (hr subject of
 G. W.
 ABOVE AM) BELOW.
 t.
 O dweller* in the tJfcj-hftl,
 Who in d*-ep tm. ilitritt grnp&lt;- an 1 cower.
 Till llr slow mMotain'i iIUI-tui I
 Shorten’s to »&gt;m'i Innmpitil lew—
 White ye sit idlr, do ye think
 The laird*# great work *it* idle too*
 That light 'hire not o’erica p tir In ink
 Of morn, beeaoee ’tin *Uik with you!
 Though yet your »*lk*y» skulk in night,
 In God’* rife* field* tlie day i* crie 1,
 And raa|jers, with their sickle* liright,
 Tr«w»p, singinj down the maintain si.lc:
 Come up and feel wlrit health tic-re is
 In the frank Dawn’# delighted eyes,
 An, In-tiling with a pitying Vim,
 The nighl-«be 1 liar* of Earth *lir dries!
 The I /ml want* reaper#: O tn aint up.
 Before night enni-s, an I say T&lt;io late!”
 Slay not f&lt;r taking «np or eup
 The M*iter hunger* w! ile ye watt)
 ’Tis from these height* a hue youKeyet
 Tlie advancing epear* of night can see.
 Which o’er the eastern hill-tops riss.
 To break your Lig captivity.
 It.
 wntrlier on tlie mountain height!
 It i# right pterious to iielioM
 Tlie first long *nrf of clitnhiug light
 FI *kl all the thirsty east with gold;
 But wo, who in the shadow' sit,
 Know also ivlii-ii tlie day is nigb,
 Bering thy shilling forehead lit
 With hi* inspiring prophrev.
 Thou hast thine oilier, we have our#;
 Ciod larks n it e irlv service here.
 But what are thin" eleventh hour#.
 He count# with us for morning cheer;
 One day for Him, is long enough,
 Ah I when lie givotii work to do.
 The bruised reed is amply tough
 To pierce tlie sliiel 1 of error t!ir* ugh.
 Hut not the less do thou aspire
 Light’s earlier in -ss ig to preach;
 Keep hark no syllable of fin—
 Blunge deep the rowels of thy speech,
 1 el tiod deems not thine aeried sight
 More worthy than our twilight dim—
 For meek ol»e Sinner, too, is light,
 An I following tbit, is fio ling Him.
 THE LIGHT IN THE WINDOW.*
 in cuvKt.r.s vuKir.
 Late or early home returning,
 fri the slai light or (lie rain,
 f heheld lli.it lonely candle,
 Bhining from his window pane.
 Ever o’er his tattere I curtain,
 Nightly looking, I could scan,
 Aye inditing,
 Writing—writing,
 The pile ligure of a man;
 Still discern behind him fall
 Tlie same slia low on the wall.
 Far lievoii l the murky midnight,
 By dim burning of his oil,
 Filling aye his rapid leallets,
 I have watched him at his toil;
 W atch'*d his broad and seamy forehead,
 W atelie 1 his white industrious iiau I,
 Ev« r passing
 And reposing;
 IV atebed and strove to undrrst md
 W hat ini|M'lled it—gold, or fame—
 Broad, or bubble of a name.
 Oft I’ve aske I, debiting vainly
 In the silence of my mind,
 What the services he rendered
 To hi* country or his kind;
 Whether tones of ancient music,
 Or the sound of modern gong,
 Wisdom holy,
 Humors lowly,
 Sermon, essay, novel, song.
 Or philosophy sublime,
 Filled the measure of hi# time.
 Of the mighty world at London,
 lie was portion unto me,
 I'oi tion of my life’s i-xpcricncu
 Fused into my inernory.
 Twilight saw him at him at his fdios,
 Morning saw his lingers run,
 I-ibning ever,
 W carving never
 Of the ta»k lie hail 1m- gun;
 Blacid and content lie seemed,
 Like u man that toiled and dreamed.
 No one sought him, no one knew him,
 Undistinguished was his name;
 Never had his praise been uttered
 By Uie oracles of fame.
 Beauty fare and decent raiment,
 Humble lodging and a lira—
 These lie sought for,
 These lie wniught for,
 And he gainer! hi* meek desire;
 leaching men by written word—
 Clmgi ig to a hope deterred.
 So lie live t. At last I missed liimj
 Still might evening twilight fall,
 But no tajier lit his lattice—
 Lay no shadow on bis wall.
 In tin- winter of his seasons,
 In tie- midnight of his day,
 ’Mid Id# writing
 And inditing,
 Death Imlli lieckmii-:) him away,
 Lrr til M-.ite.nv he lia planned
 fon.i i -oacdi tiou at hi- hand.
 Dot this man so old and nameless
 Li-ii tiehin I him project* large,
 1.1 -of progri-.i- in tcvelojied,
 Worthy of a nation’# charge;
 NoMc laitcie# uncompleted,
 ticrnis ot Is.ui!) iinuuiurod,
 Only needing
 Kmiiy feeling
 To have tiourislied and endured
 Meet reward in g »l&lt;Vn #tore
 To have live I f.r evermore.
 W Ik. #h ill tell what silu-um-s iimjeuic
 Perish in lb- actiye Inain!
 \V bit humanity is roldicd of.
 Ne’er to In- restored again
 What we I i#e, b-cmsc w.- hon&gt;»r
 Overmuch the mighty dead,
 And &lt;iis|&gt;int
 Living merit,
 Heaping scorn upui its lie id?
 f)r tiercbaoce, when hinder grown,
 lulling it to dk —al me!
 a i.irnx word.
 A little W'ird ni kindness sp.ken,
 A motion or a tear,
 lia* often hrale 1 ij, i: heart that’s broken.
 Awl tnad:- a fi ira t sincere.
 A worl, a I cik, has rruiV t to earth
 I nil many a lulling (lower
 Whu-ii had aaute bot owned it* biitli,
 W'KllJ Me** llti-’t d.llkcsl hour.
 Tlam Jcetu it n«a .ui idlr tlii.ig
 A pU aKj.it wind to *|#-ak
 The fee* you wear—the tiioughi* you laing.
 The la-art Ui »y la.nl ut Ine d
Selections?.
AKdBIV mimm; oh lake m
 PKKIOR
i Ti»e last Lake Superior New* gives
 further account of the discoveries of.
 the evidences of the working of the
 copper mines of that region py a peo
 ple now extinct, a notice of which we
 published sem i time since. It says
 that indications which led to the dis
 covery is a sunken trench upon the
 t line of vein, which being drifted into
 disclosed a mass of native copper lying
 in this vein, estimated to weigh about
 seven ton*. The remains of large tim
 bers were (blind, by which this had cv
 idently been propped, and beneath it
 were several cart loads of ashes and
 cinders, showing that the miners had
 endeavored to reduce the mass by fire.
 Several of the implements used in the
 mining operations were found, consist
 ing of stone hammers, a chisel, and a
 gad of copf&gt;cr. The perfect state of
 the point of the latter seems to indicate
 that a process of hardening the metal
 was known, for the hammer end was
 most battered. With the copper of this
 were some large particles of silver.
 This chisel is ingeniously constructed,
 so as to admit a handle. No iron iu-j
 strurnent was discovered. That the
 mining operations were conducted to a
 greater extent than is practised by any
 existing tribe of Indians is aparent from
 the fact that the trench sunk upon the
 vein extends more thau a mile in length.
 The accumulation of earth in the trench
 concealed the depth of the workings,
 except in the small part re-opened; but
 here the depth was found to be twenty
 four feet, and the width eight feet.
 •Similar trenches exist tn the neighbor
 hood, which were, traced for several
 miles.
 Not the least interesting part of the
 discovery is the evidence of the great
 antiquity ofthe workings. Large trees
 were growing upon the earth that had
 accumulated in the digging, one of
 I them directly over the mass of copper
 proved to be 400 years old. Beneath
 it were trunks of trees that had preri
 ously decayed or fallen in, and the
 depth of soil that had accumulated upon
 I this antique furnace was 18 feet.
 This mine is about four miles east
 J from the mass of copper, which was
 removed from its place a few years
 i since, and is now in the national cab
 inet at Washington.
 These mementoes of ancient aborig
 inal industry are deserving of more than
 a passing notice. They may be con
 sidered as addiug to the proof that long
 before the discovery of America, a race
 existed on this Continent, among whom
 the arts had reached a higher grade
 than with the wandering tribes that
 have succeeded.
 The Indians now living in this re
 gion, know nothing ofthe people by
 whom, or the time when, these opera
 tions were undertaken. They evince
 a concentrted effort which docs not
 now characterize their feeble efforts in
 the arts. It is somewhat singular that
 among a people so observant and per
 severing, the use of iron remained so
 wholly unknown since some of the ores,
 which exist in vast abundance, and
 upon the surface, in the Carp river re
 gion, are found to be easily reduced to
 a valuable steel by the heat of a com
 mon forge. A knowledge ofthe use o!
 iron might have changed the destiny of
 that people, as it may be said to have
 done that of the race, who now triumph
 in the art and pride of power over their
 almost perished memorials.
JOSEPHINE AND NAPOLEON.
 There is probably no scene in modern
 history which has excited a more in
 tense interest than the repudiation of
 Josephine, by Napoleon, in order to
 marry Maria Louisa. It was so utterly
 cruel, that it will forever be a stain on
 his memory. Yet he loved her passion
 ately—but ambition still more. The
 following incident, from a book of Me
 moirs, in the hour of breaking to her
 his stern resolve, shows Josephine in
 the light of a Cassandra—his star did
 pale, after he married the Austrian.
 “Josephine” said he, turning his head
 from her, it is not I, it is France that
 demands it.”
 “Are you sure of that, my lord?”
 said his wife; have you probed your
 heart to the bottom? Is it not ambi
 tion which prompts you to seek reasons
 for repudiating me, for think not,
 Napoleon, 1 misunderstand you; are
 you sure it is the love of France?”
 Every word that she spoke touched
 him to the quick; and rising hastily, he
 replied, Madame, I have my reasons,
 and now good evening.”
 Sire, sire,” said she, taking hold
 of his arm, we must not part in an-
 I ger. I submit cheerfully. It is not my
 nature to oppose your will; I love you
 too deeply. Nor shall 1 cease to love
 you, Napoleon, because I am to leave
 your throne and your side. If reverses
 I come, I will lay down my life to com*
 1 fort you. 1 will pray lor you morning
 and night, in the hope that sometimes
 you will think of me.”
 Hardened as he was, Napoleon had
 j loved his wife dearly and long; and
 i her submission to his stern resolve, her
 calm hut mournful dignity, her un-
 I shaken love moved even him; and fora
 1 moment his affection struggled with am
 bition. He turned to embrace her
 j again. But in that moment her face
 ami form had changed— her eyes like
 that of insanity, and her whole person
 seemed inspired. lie felt himself in
 j the presence o! a superior being. She
 j led him to the window and threw it open,
 j A thin mist hung upon the Seine «mk!
 i over the gardens of the palace; all
 around was calm and silent; among
 the stars shining before them, there was
 one brightei than the rest; she pointed
 to it. r
 i Bonaparte, she said, “that star is
 mine; to that, and not to yours, was
 promised an empire; through me aud
 my destiny you have risen—part from
 me, aud you tail. The spirit of her
 who foresaw my rise t„ royalty, even
 now tells you that your late hangs upon
 mine. Believe me or not, if we hence
 forth walk us mdor, you will h ave nn
 empire behind you, and will die your
 self, in shame and sorrow,with u broken
 spirit.”
 Two VoLt’MTfKM in t'mrinnau have hcor
 arrested for .vslliug tl cir bounty land* and ex
 tra j*v ie» often ax three time*.
FARM MfE.
 Oil, it is sad, it is sickening, to re
 mark how few fanners’ sons really lore
 the vocation of their fathers, delight in
 following, and glory in the hope of im
 proving and adorning it! Seeing little
 of farming life but its drudgery and un
 intellcctuality, nearly every one who
 has a soul above breaking colts and
 skinning woodchucks, is off to the vil
 lage or the city at the very first chance
 —they all jump at a chance to measure
 tape at five dollars per month, and
 lodge three deep in a seven-by-nine
 garret, or to crucify Blackstone afresh
 in any low pettifogger’s den in any
 corner of the wide world. How many
 of them do you suppose are now apply
 ing, waiting, longing, coaxing, solicit
 ing for some chance—they hardly care
 what—to break away from the dull,
 idealcss, monotonous drudgery of the
 paternal home, in the assured convic
 tion that a farmer’s life and thorough
 mental cultivation are incompatible:—
 This is the vital error we would demol
 ish by disseminating the truth that in
 no vocation is scientific knowledge and
 mental elevation more desirable or more
 useful than in that of the farmer.—
 Horace Greeley.
j The Portrait of Shakespeare.—
 Among the pictures at Stowe is a treas
 ure which seems to be unknown to our
 German travellers, at least I never saw
 it noticed—a genuine portrait of Shake*
 speare, painted during his lifetime, by
 Barnagc. The hypercritics of England
 will have it, there is no genuine por
 trait of Shakespeare; but it seems to
 me almost impossible to inrent a physi
 ognomy carrying on it such a triumph
 ant air of truth, so fully expressing the
 grandeur and originality of the man—
 furnished with all the intellectual eleva
 tion, all the acuteness, wit, delicacy, all
 the genuine humor, whose exhaustless
 treasures were never so lavished on any
 mortal. The countenance is nowise
 what is vulgarly called handsome; but
 the sublime beauty of the mind within
 beams from every part. Across the
 lofty forehead gleam the bright flashes
 of that daring spirit; the large dark
 brown eyes arc penetrating, fiery, yet
 mild; around the lips play light irony
 and good-natured archness, but wedded
 to a sweet benevolent smile, which lend
 the highest, the most heart-winning
 charm to the lofty, awful dignity of the
 intellectual parts of the face. Won
 drously perfect appears the structure of
 the skull and forehead: there are no
 single prominences, hut all the organs
 so capacious and complete that we
 stand astonished before such a glorious
 pattern of perfect organization, and feel
 a deep joy at finding the man in so beau
 tiful a harmony with his works —Tour of
 a German Prince.
Macbeth. —Macbeth broke no law
 of hospitality in his attempt on Duncan’s
 life, lie attacked and slew the king at
 a place called Bothgowan, or the Smith’s
 house, near Elgin, in 1039, a id not as
 has been supposed, in his own castic of
 Inverness. The act was bloody, as
 was the complexion of the times; but in
 everv truth, the claim of Macbeth to
 the throne, according to the rules of
 Scottish succession, was better than
 that of Duncan. As a king, the tyrant
 i so much exclaimed against, was, in re
 ality, a finn, just and equitable prince.
 Early authorities show us no such per
 son as Batiquo and his son FJeance,
 nor have wc reason to think that the
 latter ever fled further from Macbeth
 than across the flat scene according to
 the stage direction. Neither were Ban
 quo or iiis son ancestors ot the house of
 Stuart. All these things are now known,
 but the mind retains pertinaciously the
 impressions made by the impositions of
 genius. While the works of Shak
 spca re are read, and the English Jan-;
 gtmge exists, history may say what she
 will, but the general reader will only
 recollect Macbeth as the sacrilegious
 usurper, and Richard as the deformed
 murderer. The genius of Shakspeare
 having found the talc of Macbeth in the
 Scottish Chronicles of Hollingshead,
 adorned it with a lustre similar to that
 with which a level sun-beatn invests
 some fragment cf glass, which, though
 shining at a distance with the lustre of
 a diamond, is, by a nearer investigation,
 discovered to be of no worth or estima
 tion.—Sir Waller Scott.
Resemblance of Lords and Sava
 ges. —There is often, in fact, no mate
 i rial difference between the enjoyments
 of the highest ranks and those of the
 rudest stages of society. If the lives ol
 many young English noblemen and an
 Iroquois in the forest or an Arab in the
 desert ara compared, it will be found
 that their real sources of happiness are
 nearly the same. The treasures ol
 science, the refinements of taste, the
 j luxuries of wealth are in mahy cases
 disregarded or forgotten, and the exci-
 I tation of life depends on the destruction
 of wild animals or the management of
 impetuous steeds. 1 his is a fact which
 is a matter of daily observation; and it
 furnishes a most instructive lesson as to
 the proportion established by nature
 between the active and speculative part
 of mankind. 'l'he great majority of
 every class of society are incapable of
 receiving happiness from any, source
 but from physical excitation; and every
 other plan for human amusement which
 is founded on any other supposition will
 necessarily fail. Nor is it without good
 reason that nature has established this
 disproportion between the studious and
 active part of the species. The great
 muss ol undertakings essential to the
 .existence and thcwelfureof mankind
 depend upon physical exertion; and,
 unless the greater part of our fellow
 creatures were disposed to that species
 ot labor, and gratified with the enjoy
 ments that atieud it, the race would
 spedily perish, and the speculations of
 science disappcar with the individuals
 who formed them.— .illisom's Principles
 q/ Population.
 Three faults or Nurses. —l. To
 lisp i» a baby style, when the same i
 words in an endearing tone would
 please as well. The reverse should be
 tbc practice: the voice clearly emphat
 ic, and each syllable distinctly articu
 lated for imitation. 2. To tell of witch
 es, ghosts, and goblins. 3. To direct
 a child to act like a man; whereas it j
 is not often becoming for a little hoy,
 to «po the man, but ouly to conform bis
 demeanor to bis age. Every age has
 in peculiar decorouancss
THE TWOFREHCff MIRER*.
 We ere told of M. OsterwaW, i
 wealthy banker of Paris, who died in
 1790 of want, &gt;ct leaving an estate ol
 $000,000! When he began life, ht
 bought a bottle of beer for his dinner,
 and took away the cork in bis pocket.
 He practised this for a long period,
 and had at last collected such a quan
 tity, that they sold for nearly one huo
 hundred dollars! A few months before
 bis death, he refused to buy meat foi
 soup. 44 I should like the soup well
 enough,” said he, 44 hot 1 do sot want
 the meat. What, then, is to become ol
 that?” The fear of losing the meat led
 him to starve himself; yet at that very
 moment he had eight hundred assign
 auts, of two hundred dollars each, in a
 silken bag around his neck.
 Another Frenchman, by the name ol
 Fortescue, affords a curious piece ol
 history. He was a farmer-general ol
 the taxes, and amassed an immense for
 tune by grinding the poor. The gov
 ernment at length called upon him fora
 considerable sum, but he pleaded pov
 erty. Fearing that some of bis neigh
 bors should testify to his wealth, he de
 termined to conceal it. He therefore
 dug a vault beneath his wine cellar,
 where he deposited his gold. He went
 down to it by a ladder, and fastened the
 door by a spring lock. One day while
 he was in thq vault, the door closed,
 and the lock fastened him in! In vain
 were his cries for help? There he re
 mained, till worn out by horror of mind
 and starvation of body, and he perished
 in the very midst of his heaps of gold!
 His miserable fate was not known until
 years after, when his house being sold,
 his bones were discovered in the vault
 with his treasures.
Tiie Clock-Maker. —The New York
 Star relates the following incident in
 the life of Mr. Willard, the Massachu
 setts clock-maker, whose death was
 recently recorded:
 Many years ago, Mr. Willard paid
 a visit to Thomas Jefferson, with whom
 he was intimately acquainted. Mr. J.
 talked freely with him about the effect
 of Jay’s treaty; Willard could give no
 opinion on any of its provisions, and
 Mr. Jefferson insinuated that he knew
 but little of public affairs. In the
 course of conversation, he begged Mr.
 W. to examine a beautiful French
 clock, and s 'e what was the matter with
 it. Mr. illard took out his plyers,
 and took it to pieces, laying the main
 spring, wheels, and all the other works
 on the table; and after some further
 conversation he rose to depart. “Don’t
 go, Willard,” said Mr. J., until you
 put the works of the clock together.”
 You can do it.” “I! not I,”6aid Mr.
 Jefferson. Why, you expected that
 I should be familiar with treaties,” said
 Mr. Willard, “when you can’t put the
 wheels of a clock together.”
Sleeping Child and the Serpent.
 —Not long ago we were riding by an
 orchard, and our attention was attracted
 by the incessant chatter of some two or
 three dozen woodpeckers. We knew
 from the nature of the bird that some
 thing unusual must be going on, and we
 hitched our horse and proceeded cau
 tiously to the spot. On coming near,
 we discovered a little girl asleep; we
 could hear other children at a distance
 at play. On getting still closer, wc saw
 the cause of the birds’ uneasiness.—
 There, within three feet of the innocent
 one, lay coiled up, and striking at the
 birds as they pounced down upon him
 on every side, a large, venomous ser
 pent. We procured a large stick, and
 unperceived, got a stroke at him, and
 following it up with others, soon de
 s pat died him. The child had been at
 play with the rest, and becoming wea
 ried, had lain down and fallen asleep.
The Danville (Ky.) Tribune of the
 Bth inst., says that a gentleman" of
 that vicinity recently whipped a colored j
 woman so severely that she died shortly
 afterwards. Walden, the inhuman be
 ing who perpetrated the act, has given
 himself up to the authorities who held
 him to bail for $l5OO.
A Word to the Ladies.—ls not
 much of the folly and dissipation of the
 times chargeable to the ladies? Do
 they not give their sweet smiles and
 pleasant voices to those who dress the
 best and are the most extravagant?
 Will a lady be so particular to stop in
 tlie street and talk with a mechanic as
 she will to a well dressed gentleman?
 —pauper we were about to say.
 We can point to many a woman, who
 gave her heart and hand to a mealy
 mouthed, delicate skinned, oily haired,
 fashionable young inan, who has bit
 terly rued the day of her choice. A
 man who has but litle business’ except
 to curl his hair, consult the tailor and
 talk insipidly, is not fit for a hnsband
 we care not how much money he may
 count.
 So long as young women are so on
 wise as to smile on such, there will be
 folly and dissipation among our young
 men. Ladies should be wise and consult
 their duty and future happiness. Young I
 women, will you not reflect upon this
 subject?
i The Women of Old. —We shall
 hardly believe that women died by thou
 sands and even by millions, as they
 now do, for want of proper air and ex
 ercise, in the time of Henry VIH., ift
 we admit the claims of Fitzherbert. a
 writer of those days, in his Book of!
 Husbandry. He says:— 44 1 t is a wyve’s
 occupation to wyaowo all manner of
 corns, to make malte, to wash and
 wringe, to make beye, sheve come, I
 [reap,] and in time of neede to help her
 husband to fill the march hxyne, to drive
 the ploughs, to load beye, come and
 such other. And to go r yde to the
 market* and sell butter, cheese, milk,
 eggs, checkyos, capons, geese, beeves,
 P/gges, and all manner of cornea.
Ax leish Washerwoman was com
 plaining of her hardships to her hus
 band, who was sometimes iu the habit
 of flagellating her. He endeavored to
 persuade her that her complaints were
 groundless, and among other arguments
 remarked that she always had“ a plen
 ty of wood and watber in the house.**
 “An’ ye may well say that,** she keen
 ly retorted, “I *ll always have plenty of
 that while fk wid you, for k*ti iriver be
 widout a stick op my back or a tear in
 my eye.**
M (At Prims,
 k TRIBCTE TOR TIE (ECU,
 •Kino a vindication or rat moral, INTEL
 LECTUAL AID RELIGIOUS CAPABILITIES OP
 THE COLORED PORTION OF MANKIND
 Wrtpmfirulsi reformer to tkt Afnrmn roct,
 fcrt**. Bnigrmpi in
 Sketches, TeMiMtHt uf TravHWs, fcr.
 TW tootires which have actuated the author w
 prrparMf the alioY«-mruti..«rd work, are soletv a
 to interest ami rnHghfea the public mind.' on
 a awjrrt iMinutrly owned with the InmiMt «r
 merry of a large na-tina of thr Im fomih mmd
 by a it la tv m of fort* mm l Mimirt, which no
 Kortm ota annul, to rmitr a deeply-rooted pre
 judice, existing in the aiadt of many, respecting the
 African race.
 It ta aa important qnrstinn whether the Negro it
 ennstitutinnaHy, and dun-fore imawdiaUr minor
 to the while man, in the powers of the nund. Murk
 af the future itefer of the haamn rat* depends on
 the mower which experience and facts will fiwnish
 to this question; lor it concerns not ■onh the east
 population of Africa, hot many millions of the Negro
 race, who are located elsewhere, and the whites who
 are becoming mixed w ith the Mark rare, in countries
 w here Slavery exists, or where it has existed till
 w ithia a recent period. Many persons hare veatur*
 ed upon peremptory •lerisioas on both sides of tlu
 Sstion; l*ut die majority appear to be still onsatis
 as to the real rapahifities of the Negro race.—
 Their present actual inforioritv in many respects,
 comparing them as a whole with the lighter colour
 ed portion of mankind, is too evident to he disputed;
 hut it must lie borne in mini that they are not in a
 fit condition for a fair comparison to he drawa be
 tween tile two. Tlieir present degraded state may
 be easily accounted for bv tbe circumstances amidst
 w hich Negroes have Uvetf, both in their own country
 and abroad. If a single instance can he adduced o
 an individual of toe African face exhibiting a genius
 which would be considered eminent ia civilized Euro
 pean society, we have a proof that there is no incom
 patiliility lietwcen Negro organization and high in
 tellectual power. But it is not one alone, but many
 remarkaMe cases of this description that are brought
 forward in the present volume, which include up
 wards (4 130 Bmsjtfhcol sketches of Africans or tknr
 descend ar.ts, lies ides Facts and Anecdotes, Testimo
 nies of Travellers# Missionaries, Ac., the whole
 forming a complete “Tribute for the Negro,”
 ami exhibiting an undoubted refutation of the un
 founded calumnies which have been heaped on the un
 fiutnnute race of Africa, proving them to he endowed
 with every characteristic constituting their identity
 with the great family of Man, and consequently, en
 titled to certain inalienable rights,” amongst which
 are” life, liherty, and the pursuit of happiness,” any
 infringement on which is a daring usurpation of the
 prerogative and authority of the Most High.
 The work will be remiered-additionally interesting
 by Ait appropriate istroductort poem,
 written purposely for the occasion, by Bernard
 Barton. It will also he enriched by the addition
 of a beautiful engraving, from a painting presented
 to the London Missionary Society, representing two
 Natives of South Africa giving Evidence before a
 Select Committee of the House of Commons. The
 Africans are giving evidence, I&gt;r. Phillip is seated
 in the foreground, and James Reud, sen. and jun.,
 Missionaries from South Africa, are standing, the
 latter acting as interpreter. The volume will also con
 tain portraits of
 CiNqcE, the Chief of A mistad Captives.”
 Jan Tzatzok, Christian Chief of the Amakotras
 Tribe, South Africa.
 J. W. C. Penington, a highly esteemed Minister
 of the Gospel, of pure African extraction.
 Frederick Douglass, the fugitive slave.
 Olaudah EqutANo, orGusTAVus Vassa.
 Engraved on steel by first-rate Artists. Also a Fac
 simile of the writing of Toussaint L’Ouver
 ture, the Black Chief of Hayri.
 The work will be printed in the best type, on fine
 paper, and consist of about 500 |»gesBvo., beautiful
 ly bound in cloth, with an appropriate ilevice, form
 ing an elegant volume finr the drawing-room table.
 All profits arising from its sale will be devoted to
 the Anti-Slavery cause; American price, to
 ers #3; to non-suliscrihcrs #4; individuals desim.
 of possessing copies will oblige by sending their ol
 der* to Wilson Armistead, Leeds; or to die
 North Star Office.
I BRITISH PERIODICAL
 LITERATURE.
 SUBSCRIBE EARLY WHILE THE TERMS
 ARE LOW.
 REPUBEICATIOIf OF
 The London Quarterly Review, The
 Edinburgh Review, The North Rrit
 ish Review, The Westminster Review,
 and Blackwood's Edinburgh Maga
 zine.
 The above Periodicals are reprinted in New York,
 immediately on tlieir arrival Iw the British steamers,
 in a lieautiful clear type, on fine white paper, and
 are faithful copies of the originals, Blackwood’s
 j Magazine, being an exact facsimile of the Edinburgh
 edition.
 They embrace the views of the three great parties
 in England—Tory Whig, ami Radical. Black
 wood” and the l-oodon Quarterly” are Tory; tiie
 Edinburgh Review” Whig; anil the Westmin*
 ster Review” Radical. The North British Re*
 view” is more of a religious character, having been
 originally edited by Dr. Chalmers, and now, since
 his death, lining conducted by his son-in-law, Dr.
 Hanna, associated with Sir David Brewster. Its
 literary cliaracter is of the very highest order..
 PRICES for 1848, (ip subscribed for early.)
 For any one of the four Reviews, $3 00 per annum.
 For any two do 6 00
 For any three do 7 00
 For all four of the Reviews, 8 00
 For Blackwood’s Magazine, 3 00
 For Blackwood and the 3 Reviews, 900
 For Blackwood the 4 Reviews, 10 00
 Payments to be made in all cases in advance.
 CLUBBING.
 Four copies of any or all die above works will be
 scut to one address on payment of the regular *ul&gt;-
 scription for diree—die fourth copy being gratis.
 EARLY COPIES.
 A late arrangement with the British publishers of
 Bbiekwood's Magazine secures to us early sheets of
 that work, by which we shall lie able to place the
 entire number in the hands of subscribers hefiire any
 portion of'it can be reprinted in any of the American
 Journals. For this and other advantages secured to
 our subscribers we pay so large a consideration, that
 we may he compelled to raise the price of the Maga
 zine. Therefore we repeat subscribe tarfy while
 the price is low.”
 Remittance* and communications should he always
 addressed, post-paid or franked, to the publishers,'
 LEONARD SCOTT A CO.
 70 Fulton street, New York.
THE GIRARD LIFE IKHI/RANCE, AN
 -1 NUTTY AND TRUST COM PA.W of I’tofa
 dclpiua. Charleroi in 1836—Charter Perpetual;—
 Capital, #300,000 —Benjwniu W. Richard*, Prew
 &lt;Jcnt. U’ootinurstovnake insurance on live*, grant
 annuities and endowments, and arrept trust* from in
 dividoaiff, corporate Lodi**, ami coart* of itMtirr,
 and execute them agreeably to the desire of the par*
 ties, and receive deposits of money im matt or on
 I interest.
 The Company add a hontw at stated period* to
 the insurance for life, and &lt;**i the |Ath of January
 hn, an addition wa* inad to all the policies tor life,
 remaining in farce and issued prior In January Ist,
 i#42, amount in" to 10 per eent. an the wn insure*j
 I poUt it* issued in 1837; 74 per eent. on pahrirs
 issued ia KB, and in rateable proportion* according
 "te their rnmetMthtei.
 The chief otjert of aa itwumenfar life i* to pm*
 vide a wa of money at the death ad the party insur
 ed, fer the hrurit of a widow, children, friends or
 creditors; and it will be eaaa on examination of the
 table of rates of the life iamranrr, which *IU he
 furnished by the suhecriher to all who may feel aaj
 iatoeaat in the subject, that by pay ms a small snm to
 the otbee every year during ms life, a person may ae
 cmr to hi* family a wry cotmidcrahlr luarwat at Ins
 decease.
 Wherever the system of Life Insanmce is properly
 understand, it i* evtonairrlj adopted, and it* great
 advantages to al, bat mure espoemdy to thmm who
 ■faprod «m toesr nuns exertions far the support of those
 familnu, or whn amr he daeirion* to secure the pay*
 meat of a mm of monoy to &lt;wre friemfe, creditor* nr
 ehrlhna, at their daeanaa, nhfeh they might he nth*
 •ewiae mmtdr to art tplilb, that the uperausn of the
 systommmjshmto haoapfamod tooasmw the mri*
 t la several into* up n* rt£sbsppsonl that the party
 baaored ha* died shortly after having paid only one
 m 1 «wo jortohawata af the pnmiim, whn* hio family
 have emaread ham Ihie skm the Ml amuma hr
 hshodummud.
 afttol af ha Gtrred Uhheanmre OwmmayiT"
 WILLIAM BAKEWCLL.
 Bnkeaaß** law Buildings,
 Onat street. fiMpbargh,
W" H. T«W,HI U
PROSPKFXTI S OF THE
 Aacricaa Pfcreno{R*if*l Jaaraal*
 O. S. FOWLER, editor.
 TXF reform ud perfect ourselves and our race, b
 M. (far ana «nknl &gt;*f aR work*. V&lt;(, tn do tlm ara
 ■art understand (hr Honan Court itm am. This
 Chmadocv. Pbysiolufy ud Vital Maynrtism em*
 hrare, and eeurr expound ail the b*i if am Mar,
 •oodrtM* of huppiai w. ami rManilla Ikt phdumr*
 pßer’a »t one nf l airrml Truth.
 PHRriOLOCT
 Eurh aandn i wifi remain tillin’ (fat analysis and
 phrenological bniltv, illustrated by
 u Engraving, of an iniml on their r««ohinatiod*:
 aad ibo the wtwiiuliiM and character of «m«r dis
 Fijf li^fa^siap^t^i.
 mvaioMMiv
 HmWi I- life, IV |tnH iMirwwnl &lt;4 talent *rr
 tue aad hnppiar—. all nf wind) it afantii. To **a
 ptnmalaa aad nMOTlna,tfaul •iimwatM Ic
 fi»«a.
 MAGNETISM.
 Wak prartval imrnrttm, tatet* stlny krit, and
 e k°M tniths a lurk it unfolds, a ill It* urwn t«d in
 thu Joanl.
 Torxo ME*.
 yy? bhusing* tbn mjut, the iafhsraor they can
 wind, aad their preparation for conducting &lt;&gt;ur icsti-
 UM»ua*, a ill Cum the ilm-iim* of a atirt uf artirltt.
 SELF-IMI‘ROVEME&gt;T.
 nnt kmf oarnrstly, and would not itrirt
 ae*idaoo*ly, to euttivaie fail nataral puwrn, and
 render hiiuseH Imtcr and more happy? To adi,
 each nianher a ill la* a prompter and trxt-lmok.
 TERM:*—invariably in advance—-ONE IH)LL
 AR A YEAR.
 SAMPLE NUMBERS of this Journal uifl Le
 •ent GRATIS, when (leaved.
 To receive attention, k-ttets and orders mart le
 POST-PAID, and directed to
 FOWLER It WELLS.
 No 131 Nassau St.,New York
WILLIAM B. LOGAN, Dealer in Fashionable
 Boots ami Shoes, 80, Pnrchase Street, New
 Bedford*.
 W. B. L. keeps constantly on hand a good assort
 ment, and will sell cheap for cash. Strict attention
 Kid to custom-made work, by Messrs. Parker and
 IV IS.
NORTH AMPTONJVaTER CURE.
 Electricity and Hydropathy.
 T'HE public arc respectfully informed, that since
 X the philosophical deductions of tlie learned l»r.
 Means, of Eraorv College, Ga., and (he* scientific
 1 experiments of Mr. Ifemmer of England,* have
 recently awl indubitably cftahlisfa-d the fart, that
 the conclusions at which the undersigned arrived b\
 the sense of touch, in 1844, are in harmony w itii
 natural and physiological laws—to wit, that tln
 human body, in a healthy condition, is in a po*iiirt
 electrical state, and that the electrical emanations
 from the rutienhr surface, indicate health, or the
 symptoms aad character of disease—-there is some
 reason to hope, that certain physicians, ignorant ol
 these principles or natural laws, a knowledge ot
 which is essential to the safe and intelligent practice
 of the healing art, will cease their vociierations
 against the rosiTiv* ei-ectricai. state of the
 human body, ami will hesitate to dissuade those
 whom they hare failed to relieve of their complaints,
 from seeking nature’s remedy at the North Als
 ton Water Cure. Thus sustained by the light
 of science, the undersigned may be permitted lu re
 to repeat bis experience, that, in all cases when the
 i wrist, stomach, or lungs, are in tlie electro-negative
 condition, the patient is beyond the power of water
 to afford relief. On the other hand, when tlie parts
 of the body alluded to, are in the electro-positive
 state, however disarranged, there is ground to bo|&gt;e
 for a cure.
 Had not the results of past years’ prncticr
 already convinced tire public of the safety or truth
 fulness of the principles by whirlt tlie undersigned it
 f governed, in detecting tlie symptoms anil charactei
 of disease, ami practising the cure, the recent scien
 tific demonstration of their correctness, by I’rofessm
 Means and Mr. Hemmer, could not fail to con vine
 i tlie most incredulous.
 Gratefully appreciating the credit so generousl\
 awariled for his success as a Hydropathic Practi
 tioner, by a discerning public, and the gratitude
 evinced by tliose wfa.ni he has had tin- pleasure l&lt;
 relieve of llieir complaints, tire umlersigned will
 assiduously endeavor to sustain the credit, and merit
 that gratitude, in tlie case of every invalid who mar
 afford him ail opportunity to effect a cure, by his
 original ami philosophical method of practice.
 The Northampton Water Cure is pleasantly situ
 ated near Bensonville, on the west bank of lacking
 Water, or Mill River, aboirt two ami a half miles
 from the centre of the town. It is conveniently
 arranged, with separate parlors, bathing and dress
 ing-rooms, for Ladies and Gentlemen, well ventil
 ated and conveniently fin nislied lodging rooms, and
 a variety of faiths, supplied with water, which, for
 afatndance, purity, and adaptedness to water-cure
 purposes, is unsurpassed by that of any other esta
 blishment in this country. The scenery in this
 vicinity is picture sejue arid romantic Ti t e are a
 variety of pleasant walks, sufficiently retired, to
 allow water-cure patients to ap|*-ar as tfa-y should,
 .plainly dressed, enjoying tlieir rambles vvitfaul
 being exposed to public gaxe or observation
 Among the complaints which are fa-re successfully
 treated, are headache, tendency of blood to tlie head,
 cold extremities, general and nervous debility, bron
 chitis, pulmonary affretion, liver cumpbuitt, jaun
 dice, acute or rltrouic inflammation of tlie bowels,
 piles, dyspepsia, general debility, nervous and spinal
 affections, inflammatory and chronic rheumatism,
 neuralgia, sciatica, lame limbs, paralysis, fevers, salt
 rlieum, scrofulous ami erysipelas humors.
 All patients who visit this establishment for a
 course of treatment, sliouid furnish tliemselves w ith
 three comfortables, three woollen bkinkets, one or
 two linen ami three cotton sheets, two pillow cases,
 six or eight crash towels, some well worn linen, to
 cut fitr fomentations, an oki cloak or mantle, an um
 brella, ami a pair of sli[&gt;|)ers.
 Terms for treatment and board are 85 50 to
 88 50 per week, payable weekly—washing extra.
 A patient who from choice or tlie character of his
 complaint, occupies a room alone on tlie third floor,
 will pay 88 00 per week—ud tlie first and second
 floors, 88 50 per week. Patients requiring extra
 attention or lire in tlu-ir rooms, (except h&gt;r swath
 ing pur|s&gt;ses,) will furnish tlieir own nurses anti fuel,
 or pay an extra price.
 D. RUGGLEB.
 Northampton March 1848.
 N.B. Visitors to the Establishment, from die
 east, west, or south, can take tlie cars of the Conn.
 River Railroad at Springfield. Carriages will
 always be in readiness U the Northampton depot, to
 convey them hither.
 The human Mood, in a normal ami healthy eon
 dition of the human system, ia in a positive state,
 which is constantly maintained hy the activity of tin:
 geaeratiog sources within—iui excess generally pass
 mi£ off in silence from the cuticular mrCife, so mat
 out of 356 experiment* made by Mr. Ilemmer of
 England, upon the uneovere.l skin,” 322 indicate,!
 ihe presence of positive electricity. This surplusage
 uf die fluid upou the surface, we believe to fa indis
 pemwMe to the healthful condition of tlie whole
 Mimal scononiy, and that when, from any cause, is
 diminished or cease*, diseased art ton &lt;-ii mm**.”
 Beouddress, delivered before the Medical College of
 ••flriia, at the opening of its anituul -ess ion, Nov.
 1847, by A. Menus, A.M., 31.1 b, Professor of
 Chemistry ami Pharmacy and Professor of ITiysical
 Science in Emory College, Ga., jage 25
ATHOL WATER (IRE,
 THE Mobseriber l,eg* leave to r»H tie attention
 of Invalids, especially (Ism suffering from
 chronic disease, to ku hjdropathic establishment ia
 Athol, Mas*.
 His boase was opened the reception «4"patient*
 last season, ami it is believed oilers excellent fbetS*
 1 ties fee a philosophic and thorough cufiriMr in hvrfro
 pnthy. The supply of water i* abundant, and ia
 puritv ha* bern jmowaml ojual to wan r on a
 distilled. "The location cpiite eligible briar hut
 •bort distance h. the V. h M. railroad. TV
 vicinity abounds in a variety of scenery, and has
 harming grounds U&gt;r walks ami rambles. 8o that l
 with the water, suitable regimen, mountain air, ami
 i e*uw«. patieat* can scarcely (ail to obtain the
 healthful results fee which they labor.
 I The fallowing ease iflastrate* this remark. Mrs.
 8., wife of lira, 8., of Warwick, Mas*., aged
 about thirt&gt; -five years, was trough! to n»- u*t
 August. Iter case perse n to I the faR, wing pheno
 mena- |f placed ia aa erect position, and 1 ft un
 •Hppocted, she forthwith fell backward to the
 gfwmd. If being well supported, she made aa,
 urt •mh, either but, when earned forward,
 nwpito her cCurt* to the contrary woo Id cross the
 kmr, She had barn ia this condition nearly a
 Her treatment commenced the Mkh of Kept.,
 "ms eontiaaed to the 25th Oct. only, when she
 **i r Kw l*ml as to he able to walk half
 mile wife earn. Mm her return m her family, she,
 Mm —tiered her both*. .ah «reopoad«2 I? 1
 pro v am i at to her health. Hho aaw attoade to her
 4Mpetic duties, and with the assists ace U a ml
 ■Mm &lt;he work of her family,
 wSthms are desired to brtag three eomfor(able*
 •ee pair ef wooden Idaahn*, aae paw efSreS
 toteafa marked, whh &lt;dd SreTfaJ
 Teram. fema ftre to ton delfars per anmi, accord.
 rag to the necessities or choice of fa, patient*
 IW »hn are hms pamirndar ia the safamioa
 nuime.ar mm wiilmg to amw them ia
 with cabers, will he clmrged less.
 Athol, March, 188. GEORGE HOYT.
rOFEBTY:
 ITS ILLEGAL CAUSES AND LEGAL
 CURE.
 ■Y LraAPDKR »rt»f&gt;Mcn.
 The Albany Patriot calk* it—"A newt pamphlet of
 IflN pay**—a very remarkable prorhsrt khi.”—
 "Whether s!l the airttripation* &lt;4 Mr. Soooaer
 would he endued by the Ml adoption of his throe*,
 are do nut here stop In empire last we heart dv row
 mend hu endeavor to (he notice of all who love a
 ICMpmm fined tie diet ion -intrepid independence—
 original Ifeuaght—«nd entire freedom from tue east
 of sect or party. Ass judicial artier,he has a depth,
 a rumpus*, for beyond any one whose production*
 have sort our eye in a lorry time.”
 Hunt's ,Merr hunt's Mapoiar uji—"lt abonnds
 ia hold ami original thratyhts. The illegal canse* of
 poverty are stated, ami a raaidwr of important propo
 sition* brariny nn the subject laid down; and. on (I*
 whole, we nmider it a work well worth studying—
 affording as it does many vaksibk- hints to the states
 man and political economist.”
 The Bangor traictte says—" An aide and certain
 ly original work, from the pen of l.ysSnder Sjoesr,
 F.-sj —author of tliat powerful book ahu h demon
 strate* (lie imconslitmioiwlitv of American Slavery.
 Timer is no writer of the age, of kigieal acumen more
 sraiHine* tltin Spunsicr.,' This new work is des
 tined to a*.»d to a re-examination of all fornu-r sys
 tems of political economy.” At first Mush bis orw
 nomicul pro( "notions strike in as sustaiiaddc—and if
 (Ivey arc so. Ids work will |&gt;n*vail t and produce an
 imjs&gt;rtaiit revolution m the present prevailing *\s-
 Imi.
 Every nne &lt;houk{ read it.”
 BKI.A MARSH. Publisher, Boston.
 Part 1. Price 2*» Cents.
Mart's Iftable i:\	rart
 I* (hr only lemedy that run lr rein'd on fi&gt;r tho
 permanent cure 1 4 Spasmodic Contractions, Irrita
 tion of the Nerves, Nervous or Headache,-
 Nervous Tremors, Neuralgic A flections, Cenmvk
 Debility, Deficiency of Nor vow and Physical Kner-*
 gyr, and all Nervous Diionlw, including tin- moat
 dreadful of all diseases that atfrrt the human race—
 Fptltpuy, sr Filling Sttkmm. —Hi stertcal Fits,-
 Convulsions, Spasm*, &amp;c It i* well known, that
 from time immemorial, Physician* have pronooncer?
 Epileptic Fita inriirahle. It has baffled all their
 skill, and (lie Lasted power of all medicine, ami
 Consequcntlx thousand* have stiflerrd through a mis
 erable existence, and at Inst yielded up their lives mi
 the Altar vf lnrmity. —Tine proprietor of ihe; Veget
 able Extract, however, fills no delicacl in saying
 that it can lie cured. He would, therefore, rrspect-
 I’ully invite phvsiriaiis, and all others who an- inter
 ested, to examine the tc*l immiv w hieh is lu re offered..
 If it is ileception, h t i; l&gt;e exposed hut il it is
 tme, Ibrii in tin- name of humanity, uo longer let it
 lie said that Fpile| is incurable.
 Hunt'll YrgrtnlAt' Extract. —For aixtecn years,
 lias Jn-en tested In many person* who have suffered
 with this drcailfnl dissase, and in every cas«“ «here
 it has had a fiiir trial, ha* effected n pennaiwnt
 cure.
 tail, Denslow of A onkers, New' \oik t states that
 his daughter has In t-n afflicted w ith l-its for more
 than nice rears, ami bus Ijeen lured hy the use ot
 tile Vegetal.k- F.xiraet.
 Mrs! J. Bradey, IIN Orchard street. New York,
 states that she lia* been suhjeet to Fils for many
 yeais, and lias luen restored to perfect health (alter
 every other mean* had failed) hy the use ol tin.'
 Vegetable Extract.
 1 &gt;r. Charles A. Brown, of Dover, Rtiss«-ll co.,
 AlaUnna, who is one of tin- liest Physicians in the
 State, says Unit In- has liecn much la-neliited hy the
 use of tlie Vegetable Extract, aud that he unhesitat
 ingly prescribes it in every ease of Epilepsy whieii
 1 conies finder lii« knowledge.
 i Curtis G. Mayberry, Esq., formerly Postmaster
 I at Lime Mills, Craw lord Co., Pa., now living in
 Erie Co., Pu., states that tor many y-ars :*st In
 has been sorely afflicted w ith Fits, and lie is now
 lei| pv to state that a persevering use of Dr. Unit's
 1 Vegetable F'xtrart, has restored him to sound health,
 being entirely freed from that worst of all diseases,
 i Judge Kaiv'all, N. 154) llenry street, New York,
 having used the Vegetable Extract successfully in
 j his family, highly lecommeuds it to all js-rsons win*
 are afflicted with Fits.
 M. Stephen E. Pratt, rnnw-r ofSixth Avenue
 j and Twenty-Sixth street, New \oik, slates that
 Mr. lias, 11. Houghton, a uiemlier of his family has
 I men so severely afflicted with Epileptic Fils |nr
 many years, that lie was obliged to reliii&lt;|iiisli Ids
 Uisiness. Having u.-ed Dr. Hart’s Vegetable Ex
 tract (says Mr. I’rutt,) he was soon restored to
 i perfi-ct health, and left this city lor tlie t*tate f
 Ohio to resume his business.
 Rev. Mr. Smith, Rector of St. Peters Churrli,
 Spot* wood, New Jersey, who has lieen afflicted
 witii Epileptic* Fit* for more than forty years, stales
 that lie has used Hr. Hart’s Vegetable Extract, amt
 bis health has been so iiiih-Ii improved that lie ho|&gt;t*
 by Divine blessing, to have no more Fits.
 Fjnlrptir Fits. For twenty-seven years and six
 i mouths, cured by tlie use of this truly wonderful
 medicine.
 Rend tlie following remarkable east; of tlie son of
 1 Win. Serore, Esi|, of Philadelphia, afflicted with
 Epileptic Fits twenty-seven years and six inonili*.
 'After travelling through England, £cotlawJ, tier
 many and France, consulting the most eminent
 i physicians, and expending for medicine, ns-itiral
 I treatment ami advice three thousaud dollars, rctmis-d
 1 with his son to this country in November last., with
 out receiving any benefit whatever, and was ruled
 by using Hurl ’s F rgtlnl.lt Extract. 1 bate spent
 over three thousand dollars lor medicine mid uinliral
 attendance. I was at!vised to take a tour to Eu
 rope with him which I did. t first visited England,
 I consulted the most emim nt physiriaus tin re in
 respect to his rase; they examined him ami presen•
 lied accordingly. I remained tlw re three immihs
 without perceiving any change for tlie better, which
 cost me about two hundred ami fifty dollars, pock
 eted hy tlie physicians, and the most that I received
 was their opinion that in&gt; son *s ease was hopeless,
 and POSITIVELY INCURABLE. 1 accordingly
 lelt Ei gland travelled (lirough Scotland, Germany
 ami France, ami returned home in the month f
 November last, with my son as far from heiogrutsd
 as wlu-u 1 left, 1 saw your advertisement in one of
 the New Y'uik tapers, and concluded to try Hart's
 Vegetable Extract, seeing your statements and
 ceitibi ates of so many cures, some of twenty and
 thirty years standing, and I can assure von I am m-t
 sorry I did so, as by tlie use of Hart’s Vegetable
 Extract alone lie was restored to PERFECT
 HEALTH. Hi* reason, which was *o far gom- a* to
 unfit him for Isisiness is entirely restored, with tin
 |tro»pc&lt;t ruiw before him of lile, health arid useful
 ness, lie is now 28varsof age, and 27 yeai* t*
 months of this lime lias been afflicted with this
 most dreadful of diseases, but thunk God is mm
 enjoying good health.
 Now, sir, faith without works I don’t Is-lii-fo
 in. To say I stmil l« ever grateful to you is one
 thing, and a* I here enclose you one bumlreddol arc,
 I have no doubt Itnt you will think this another and
 quite a dilferent thing. Tlie debt of gratitmb-1 still
 owe you; bm please accept ibis amount as tab rest
 on tlie debit in advance.
 Yours, very respectfully,
 (signed) WILLIAM SECORE.
 TESTIMONY UPON TESTIMONY'.
 In reference to the almost miraculous dinar v &lt;&gt;f
 this tiuly woudi rtul inediri.-u*, read tls- following
 letttT from Dr. W. L. Monroe, of Guilfcird, ()..w,
 one of the most eminent physician* in that plan
 Guifttrd, Ohm, August 17, l*ff&gt;.
 Itrotls r LiUner in tls- cause of humanity—lirat
 sir: It is with no small degree of pleasure thai I
 am enabled to aunoum-e to you the complete 11 i uit 4 h
 ofyour mvalmdiie inedirim' in rase* of Epiirp-y. 1
 have preserihed it in four instance* in this vicinity,
 ■ail it has been highly successful in all. Tlsw t
 the patients, I l/u-t, Live been radically curio.
 The fourth f«ne is rapidly improving, and will, I
 think wiilnsit d&lt; uht recover. I am nut in tin: hai*t
 of prescribing or (silent medicine•&gt;,
 Lit when I ..»e an article wlech promises *0 mrii
 (be die rrl.cf of suffering huui truly, 1 fi el u,v thily
 to rt-com-ie ml if, and I huve isj Uc-ifatiin 10 .'•ly
 ing tint as -oof) a* the f.o ulty are fully nrt|UHiiitid
 with the real merit of yorar niedicine, thn will
 lose their eyes against |mejudtce ami lend y .4
 helping hand.
 I sebwrrds- myself vours, siaMrds,
 (Signed] W. L. MONROE, M. D.
 To Dr. S. Hart, New York,
THE TIME W .NOT FAR DISTANT
 W hen llr-wands who are now trenddmg
 the kuvl of this dreadful disease, am! fear,,** that
 every uuck iu*y prove fatal, wtll h»l p-riMMW«t
 re trf air I I*- restored to new life, Ire using
 relcbrtited awviicint.
 jJ VKK ON t- THOLBAMtI-'CERI'IFH atw
 tecesvrd in testuisoav «d ilw I!* ml*
 reiudt |cudweed by the we of Ife. Hart’s Vcgeto
 ble Extract.
 toh Htapared by g. HART, M. I*., .Nc*
 Price, &lt;MW package
 Du fesa p»ek»*g— |o 00
 D«* etglit packages 3) W
 R fa Wtlußt parked up iu far |n
 wwl to way I art ih. I *«u»l
 ®***sJ| Texas, Mexico, ami West Iwitr*.
 rilOMAft k Mll.s, las Main street.
 f**"*'* Ohio, (mmwvwl Agents far the 1
 Btates, |u wbutn all cwtusvucsimns must U »d*
 *to«d Post Paid.
 A. B fa ft. Meads Garaev of Fulton aad Willia*!h-
 Be. York.
 H. D. Wade, Main fa Ht. Pauhi Rocbrsti r,
 k. Hndidge, 317 Main street Huffaki,
 M. fa E. Gayfard, Agents far Ckresiaad Ohio,
 Vat fa KillfaiKirnr, otofabto,
 J. O fa G. H HiM, Iktmit, Michigan,
 Wa. Ctmaiagham. MiUwauku; Wis.
 R Reed, ami Co., Chteagv 111.
 Dart. T. Mason, Dwlu»|ue loww.
 11. Blacks ley. and Go,. Hi. Lsmss Mo.
 And far Sale l&gt;) of the principal
 throwgboot the I 'nited Htotcs.
 THOMAS fa MILLS. U» Mam
 Si«p. 22.—ty t'tncinmU kfairt
