FREDERICK DOUGLASS, 1
 M. R. DELANV, j Editoei.
VOL I. NO. 44.
The NORTH STAR In p«Ui-keft
 Friday, at IVa. 3ft, Httffnlo Mfwl,
 (Oppnmtt Ike Arcade.)
 TERMS.
 Two dolUry prr annum, &lt;i/wtf m
 mtwrriptiint will lie received for a rr r
 nix month*. i
 A4»i-r»»wment» Not exrn&gt;dii»f tee lieee ineertei
 three time* U .me &lt;Ukr; e«ry Mhaeqoeiit i“**
 lion, twenty-fife reel*.
 Titr. ..li}«-t of the North Stas will be U.attark
 Si. *tf.RT ia all it* form* awl aeperte; aihmrat*
 t Jritf.R**!. EmwcifATlrt*; exalt tiie etan.lar.l
 %f I‘ONLIC Momutt; promote the moral and m
 telleetnal impromiKiit of the Color*I) I LoFLK,
 ao.lhw.ten the .lay *&gt;f FREEDOM to «i*e Tkkh:
 Millions of our Enslaved Fkllow Col*-
 tRIMKI.
 PUBLISHER’S .NOTICES.
 Qry- All aonumminnotM felwtiwf to the t ■"«.l*
 muim-e of tlm names of smisci ilten, remit
 tance*, kc., shooM be aiMreaaed to John Dick,
 t'ubli»ii*r.
 OCJ» A'jetiU, ait.l all others wnding names, are
 e.|ne.te&lt;l to lie a. r.irate, and eiee the P«f OJfirt,
 he ('tmml y, and the Staff. Each Snbacntier i* im
 toerltately credit.-1 for m-mcy received
 (o- A i.v je-r* &gt;ll .*cnding in the payment for fmr
 siwlwerilM»r», to le furwardwl to one auldtr*., may
 Lave a fifth e«»;*y fw one year, _
 (0* All letter, and communication!! mu.*t lie [K»=t
 paid.
 USI oFagents.
 M UHi trm. —R. F. NVale.itt, 21, Coniliill,
 Boston; Natlmn John, m, New Bedford; llo«ti« V\
 Fnnt.-r, I.»w&lt;-ll; James N. BufTom, Lynn;
 Evan., Wore.-.ter Bourne S|K.aK*r, I Ivmoi.th;
 t’leirle. H. Seth, Hprimrlh-M|; David
 Northampton; 11. ('arjn-Kter, I pton.
 Main*. —Oliver Dennett, Portland.
 Vfhhost.—Rowland T. It.lnrwon, North Fer-j

 ("on n vc ticrT.— —Jtmiitliiiii Lwinjinl, I\f*w llnv&lt;*ii!
 Nr w llswrsHiitr..—Wear*; Tappan, Bni lford.
 Nnv York. —Sydney 11. &lt;iav, 142, Nassau
 Street; Janie Met 'nne Smith, 93, Went Broadway; j
 Joseph' I’o.t, W’e.tlmry, (iu&lt;**n Couutv Marv liar
 |»-r, All .am Elia. Drilv, Macedon; Willett. Keeee,
 Peril, Clinton Countv; \Viiliam S. Baltimore, Troy; 1
 J. F. Platt, Penn Van; J. JeTrey, Geneva; E. L. j
 Platt, Bath.
 RhoiiK Island.—Aina ranrv Paine, Providence.)
 Pennsylvania.— J. M. M’Kiin, 31, North Fifth j
 Street, Philadelphia; W. (ioine.-, 8,
 Plaee, Ditto; B. Bowii.l’ittdmrs'h; Win. Whip|ier,;
 Columbia; l.;uvc R »bcrl., Jaeob L. Paxou, Norris-,
 Town, Montgomery County, Milo A. Townsend,’
 N ew Brighton.
 Ohio.—Christian Donaldson, Cincinnati; Wat-1
 •on and tiaiues, Ditto; Valentine Nicholson, Har
 veyslnirgli, Warren tin.; Samuel Brooke, Salem.
 Michigan. —lloliert Bank., Detroit.
Indiana. —Jot! I’. Davis, Economy, Wayne Co.
Selections.
From, the Philadelphia Republic.
 SLAVE REPRESENTATION,
 It is strictly correct to say, that the
 slaveholders cast, in effect, votes
 for every five slaves which they hold;
 that is, the vote of a Southerner who
 owns five slaves goes as far in the elec
 tion of a member of Congress as the
 ballots cast by four Northern men.—
 This statement does notjnean that he
 deposits four ballots in the box, nor
 that bis one ballot is counted as four on
 the tally list; but that in apportioning
 the Congressional representation of
 the Union, five slaves are counted as
 three freemen, and the citizens of the
 slave States have the advantage of this
 addition to their own number in the
 apportionment of the members of Con
 gress to them.
 South Carolina, with only five or six
 (thousand more free white inhabitants
 than Philadelphia city and county, in
 I*lo, would have been entitled to the
 same number of Congressmen, but by
 the addition of three-fifths of her slaves
 to the number of her free people, she
 took seven members instead of tour,
 and so enjoys the advantage of three
 Congressmen over and above the equal
 free population of our own four dis
 tricts. The Southern slaveholder has
 no advantage at the ballot-box over the
 Southern non-'-daveholdcr, but he has it
 .against the Northern freeman. Alto
 gether, this three-filths rule gives the
 fifteen slave States twenty-one mem
 bers of the lower House, and as many
 votes in the election of President and
 Vice-President, for which the North
 has no equivalent or compensation.
 They have twenty-one members who
 represent property merely; the North
 has no representation of her property,
 but only of her people. These twenty
 #one votes are enough to decide almost
 any question which greatly concefns
 the welfare of the country.
 The Northern Light states the mat
 -ler in the following clear and striking
 manner:
 In I*4o, the number of slaves in the
 United States was 2,4*7,355; in round
 numbers, two millions and a half.
 in apportioning the representatives in
 Congress among the States, slaves are
 counted; that is to say, every five slaves
 ((including both sexes ~nl ijiMPßll m r
 counted equal to three wntre^ftgpjns;
 and thus the 2,4*7,355
 equal weight in determiuiMlfclß (tuner
 of members of the alive
 States, to 1,592,314 f
 sons.
 By the ratio of representation estab
 lished in 1*42. founded on the census of
 I*4o, every 70,0*0 persons are entitled
 to one member in the House of Repre
 sentatives. The slave States have,
 therefore, on the strength of their
 ■laves, tweoty-one members of that
 House.
 This is equal to the entire represent
 ation of the five States of Maine, New
 Hampshire, Vermont, Rh e Island
 and Connecticut.
 It is equal to the whole representation
 of the State ot Ohio, and nearly equal
 to that ol Pennsylvania. It is nearly
 two-thirds of the State of New York.
 It is equal to the representation of Mas
 sachusetts, New Jersey, Connecticut
 and Rhode Island. It is greater than
 that of the States of Indiana, Illinois
 and Michigan.
 It is just three times as great as that
 of the young and vigorous States of
 Wisconsin and lowa.
 Again, South Carolina, by the cen
 sus of I*2o, has a free population of
 207,300; this entitles her to three mem
 bers of the house of Representatives,
THE NORTH STAR
r with a fraction or of 55,321
 people. It seems that fear member
 were awarded to her on the basis of hei
 1 white population. She has a slave pop
 ulation of 327,538. Three-fifths of hei
 slaves are 190,333; this divided bj
 70,t*H0, (the ratio of representation,
 would give her taro members, with
 fraction or overplus of 54,862. Sh&lt;
 has in the House of Representatives
 four members, on the basis of her free
 population, and three on the basis o
 her slaves. Hut the whole seven are
 i elected by her free population, who arc
 j the only constituents, and the only per
 sons whose interests arc represented.
 Divide the free population of 267,3fMJ
 by the number of Representatives, (7,)
 and it will be found that in South Caro
 lina, every 22,291 free persons have a
 member of the House of Representa
 tives. But in the State of New York,
 and in every free State, there is only
 one member for every 79,580 free in
 habitants. Thus the slaveholders have
 nearly double the representation in that
 House, that the same number of citi
 i zens in New York have,
 i This is unjust and unequal, if it be
 regarded as a representation founded
 on numbers. It is more unjust and
 unequal if regarded as a representation
 founded on property: because you may
 select in the State of New York a por
 tion of its population equal to the free
 population of South Caiolina, who are
 worth the whole Stale of South Caro
 lina, counting every negro at his full
 value, and all other property at the
 same rate.
 Nevertheless, the citizens of New
 Y T ork have in the House of Represent
 atives only a little over half the number
 of members which the same number of
 the free people of South Carolina
 have.
 Take another example: Florida, by
 the census of 1840, contained 54,477
 people, of whom 25,717 were slaves.—
 The free population, therefore, was’only
 28,760; and yet it had a representative
 in Congress, and two Senators. In the
 Senate of the United States l its political
 power is equal to the State of New
 York. But compare the representation
 of the lower House with that of New
 York. Take the census of 1840, and
 give us a member for every 28,760 in
 habitants, (the number of free people
 in Florida,) and instead of sending
 34 members, this State would send
 eighty-four.
 But the slaveholders are not satisfied
 with this enormous disparity of political
 power; they demand more, and threaten
 to dissolve the Union if they do rtot ob
 tain it.
 KALE Ol? AW AMERICAN CITIZEN.
 The following pithy article is written by
 Mrs. Jane Swissheltn, of the Pittsburgh Sat
 urday Visitor. The writer refers to Roberts,
 the colored preacher, who was sold for one
 year for $75, because he bad taken up his
 residence in Kentucky, contrary to the bar
 barous enactment of that State, which makes
 it unlawful for colored men to remain there
 over a limited period. I believe it lias since
 been found that the sentence was uncon
 stitutional, and Roberts will necessarily be
 liberated but the mean arid miserable spirit
 of the Kentuckians is not on that account the
 less apparent. —j. d.
 YVc call attention to the article from
 the Gazette, about the sale of the
 preacher in Louisville, who was ad
 judged not to be a citizen of the United
 States, and so not entitled to protection
 under the Constitution. How will
 Massachusetts, and the other States
 which recognize the colored man’s
 right of sulFrage, like this comment
 upon their laws? A Kentucky judge
 can tell them whom they may reckon
 citizens, aud whom not! To us the
 idea is novel, that a man born in a
 country, free by the laws thereof, is
 not a citizen of that country. This re
 sort of this petty tyrant is about a match
 for Calhoun’s position, that men are
 born, and only one ever was created.—
 The judge allows free negroes may be
 born, but they cannot be born Ameri
 cans! What next? Y\ T ill the insolent,
 bragadocia, woman-whipping chivalry,
 of Kentucky, who put ladies in the*
 penitentiary for being-acquainted with*
 folks who aid the spoiled to ascapej
 from the hands of the spoiler, be*per
 mitted to sell free citizens of the North
 for the crime of going into one of their
 polluted cities, to shave their impudent
 faces for sixpence a piece? The State
 that put Miss YY T ebster in the peniten
 tiary for riding in the carriage with a
 Methodist preacher, who was aiding
 her slaves to regain their liberty, was
 well employed in selling another Meth
 odist preacher for acting barber for
 them. In Kentucky, slavery exists in
 its mildest form—it was there, in Louis
 ville, we gained our ideas of slave
 holders, and touud the utter impotence
 of language to convey any impression j
 of their meanness. Much has been
 said about their cruelty and tvranny,
 but their mean, lousy idleness was the
 feature which struck us—the cowardice
 which induced them to threaten us with j
 a coat of tar and feathers, for telling
 them they were not men, but woman
 whippera —Ibr fear, as th'"* said, such
 talk should overthrow tie .stitutions.
 Just think of a set of Knows, calling]
 themselves men, and living under the
 institutions they are afraid some little
 old woman will blow over—just think
 of them breaking up a barber shop and
 selling the barber, for fear that he
 should subvert their glorious institu
 tions, and teach their happy slaves to
 run from their Eden. YVe were once
 badly off for a girl when there, and Mr. I
 S. mentioned it to a big loafer,who used!
 to go swaggering through the streets all
 day, in satin, broadcloth, fine linen and
 gold chains, with a cigar in his teeth.—
 flis lo&amp;fcrstup informed him with a 1
 4P
RIGHT IS O* NO SEX—TRUTH IS OF NO COl/)R—GOD IS THE FATHER OF US ALL, AND ALL WE ARE BRETHREN.
pompous swell, that he had a woman tc
 hire, a first-rate servant, that we coulc
 have for two hundred per annum, bul
 i added, she would be of no use to thai
 wife of /ours, unless you would horse
 whip her twice a week yourself”! How
 we felt to think such an animal had
 dared to measure our abilities for wring
 ing unpaid toil out of the sinews of an;
 one of God s creatures, or had the iu
 solence to propose that our husbsflNb
 should horsewhip an old woman one
 hundred and four times, to make her
 earn two hundred dollars for any idler
 to spend in cigars and debauchery.—
 This is a specimen of their chivalry.
 Thousands of fellows swagger round,
 acting the dandy, while some poor crip
 pled old man is sawing wood, or some
 old wofpan wpshing to support them.—
 if there is anything on God’s green
 earth as mean as a Kentucky slave
 holder, it must be a similar animal in
 some other state. They have a cant
 phrase there about the meanness of
 stealing cents off a dead nigger’s
 eyes,” but it is almost as clever to steal
 them out of a living nigger’s pockets.—
 This bounds our ideas of Gen. Taylor.
 He hires a man, or a thing that looks
 like one, to whip old men and women,
 young ones and children, to make them
 work for him. When he was away
 hunting squaws and pappooses in Flor
 ida, and killing women and children in
 Mexico, his overseer was on the banks
 of the Mississippi, whipping twelve
 hundred bales of cotton per annum out
 of the unpaid laborers, whom the “old
 hero” claims to own, body and soul,
 and who never were taught to read or
 write, or cypher either. Well, well,
 he is a beauty, and these preacher
 selling chivalry are all beauties after
 their kind. Every animal after its
 kind. The name or thought of them
 fills us with loathing, they are so mean,
 so little, so contemptible.

 From the Practical Christian.
 THE POLITICAL SKIES.
 “Watchman, what of the night?”—
 Look up into the political skies. Read
 the signs thereof. Let the constella
 tions declare the coming future. Let
 the grey streaks of early dawn proclaim
 the approaching morning. Down-trod- j
 den humanity, hll up thy head, for thy
 redemption is foretokened in the firma
 ment! “The Lord God omnipott'nt
 reigneth.” “He frustrafeth the tokens
 of the liars, and maketh diviners mad.
 He taketh the wise in their own crafti
 ness;and the counsel of the froward is
 carried headlong. They meet with
 darkness in the day-time, and grope in
 the noon-day as in the night. So the
 poor b*tW bivnr and uvtguily slop pet bt
 tier mouth.”
 Democratic pro-slavery has nomina
 ted Lewis Cass, and Whig pro-slavery
 has nominated Zachary Taylor, for
 President of the United States. What
 were these two great partizan assem
 blages, at Baltimore and at Philadel
 phia, essentially better than political
 inobs? The most profligate and un
 principled trampled underfoot the more
 decent and well disposed members, and
 impudently proclaimed the dictates of
 slaveocratic despotism to be the su
 preme law of their respective parties.
 The whole of it is utterly abominable,
 but we rejoice at it with devout thanks
 giving to God. The cloven fool, which
 the Seers have so long endeavored to
 make the people see, now kicks out
 from beneath the silken robes of deceit,
 and unintentionally kicks thousands of
 professed freemen into their senses.—
 God he praised that the majority of the
 Baltimore Convention were left to nomi
 nate a most supple and servile North
 ern man with Southern politics as their
 candidate for the Presidency. And
 thrice praised be his holy name that
 the majority of the Philadelphia Con
 vention were left to nominate a migh
 ty hunter” and holder of slaves, distin
 guished as a commander-in-chief of
 both human and canine blood-hounds.
 We have now fairly entered on the
 “beginning of the end.” The two
 great political parties which have so
 long vied with each other which should
 crouch lowest before the Juggernaut of
 s|ayery, are now doing their last obeis-
 And they are doing it in a quag-
 which, if either of them ever
 cdfcesout alive, it will come out a poor
 bedaubed thing, so smutty as to require
 at least a decent hath, and a clean suit
 of clothes.
 The great political disease of this
 nation is hastening to its crisis. It is
 this that rejoices us. We rejoice not
 at the iniquities and profligacies of cor
 rupt men in high places. But we do
 rejoice that a wicked oligarchy is on
 the eve of its final and everlasting over
 throw. And at all the signs of the
 times, which foretoken such a consum
 mation, our heart becomes more and
 more hopeful. We now behold the
 two sets of political gamblers playing
 their last game. They have become,
 desperate. Their eyes are fatally fixed
 on the grand stake. They go the
 whole hog for slavery. They have de
 livered themselves over body and soul
 in a league with the devil. And when
 they have got through he will jost pitch
 them into the bottomless pit. But what
 is taking place among the people of the
 the North? They are waking up and
 coming to their sense-. The stern out
 cry and flaming sword of abolitionism
 behind them, and the roar of the de
 vouring monger in front of them, lap
 ping his bloody jaws aud growling for
 fresh blood, have roused thousands and
 tens of thousands from their long slum
 bers. Every where we hear of men,
 formerly devoted to the two great po
 litical parties, trampling their allegiance
 under fool, denouncing the nominations
 of Cass sad Taylor, and pledging them
 selves to stand up manfully against the
 Anther spread and domination of dare-
ROCHESTER, N. Y., FRIDAY, OCTOBER 27, 1818.
1 ry. Hitherto the chains of party havi
 been indissoluble. Now they are snap
 ping asunder like the withes aboul
 Sampson when he heard the shout—
 The Philistines be upon thee. Samp
 son
 What then may we anticipate Tay
 lor may possibly be elected by the
 l united forces of ail the pro-slavery cle
 i ments North aud South. If so, the
 Whig party dies of pro-slavery infamy.
 If not, it dies under the compound ef
 fect of infamy and defeat. Henceforth
 it may be considered incurable. 11
 Taylor should be elected, the worst
 elements of the old so-called Democrat
 ic party will coalesce with the worst
 elements of the other, and share with
 them the spoils. For Sfocbary Taylor
 will be pretty muchatch a Whig as
 John Tyler proved Rramalf. Meantime,
 whether Taylor or Casa succeeds, or
 the election by the people fail, the New
 York Barnburner Democrats will lead
 off and consolidate around them a re
 generated Democratic party, which
 will ultimately combine in it the con
 science Whigs, take the wind out ol
 the sails of the Liberty Party, be
 forced forward by the moral power
 Abolitionists, draw into it the masses ol
 the whole North, and not improbably
 enough of the South to bring about the
 formal abolition of slavery throughout
 the Union, or else necessitate a disso
 lution of the Union, which will soon be
 followed by inevitable .abolition. This
 will come step by step but the steps
 will succeed each other much more
 rapidly than many are now prepared to
 anticipate. Is the process of these
 political movements, the new and pow
 erful Democratic party growing up will
 lose nothing of that bold, determined
 go-aheadativeness through thick aud
 thin, which has given the old rotten
 party all its successes, hut it will re
 ceive such an infusion of moral stamina
 from its new materials as to render it
 altogether more rational, considerate
 and just in its measures than any pre
 ceding party. It will ultimately become
 a party of moral and social progress.
 It will at no distant day abolish ail po
 litical and governmental oaths, and
 every good man will be left at full lib
 erty to vote, hold office and discharge
 all his duties as a citizen, without com
 promising his moral integrity, as is now
 the case, by a wicked promise, express
 ed or implied, to go for his country
 right or wrong, to support the evil as
 well as the good of the civil Constitu
 tion, to execute human laws, however
 contrary to divine law, audio be bound
 by the will of majorities against the
 dictates of a good conscience. All
 this stuff must go by the board sooner
 or later. The moral reformers, the
 true ami-stavery people, Non-Resis
 tants and Peace-men, are now exclud
 ed from political action by these vile,
 clap-trap oaths which being set at
 the threshold of every governmental
 office ensnare the simple, drive off the
 upright, and focilitate the ingress ol
 the unscrupulous, who dan swear to
 any thing, and then act as they list.
 When these oaths and engagements
 are abolished, government will rapidly
 advance to its perfection—its full Chris
 tianization—its true moral excellency
 and usefulness.
 Such are our interpretations of the
 signs in the present political skies, and'
 such our anticipation of the progress
 ot events in this country. Twenty-five
 years will develop astonishing results.
 Humanity will gain, directly or indi
 rectly, by every overturn and modifica
 tion of political affairs. But moral
 forces are the controlling forces of the
 power behind the throne greater than
 the throne. Those who do most to
 change the politics of this country are
 the men of moral principle who stand
 behind politics, and compel politicians
 to raise their moral standard. Let these
 continue faithful, bide their time, and
 only enter into actual politics when
 politics bow implicitly to principle.
 THE NEW STATES.**
 The following table wHI show the
 time when the “New States,” or those
 not included in the “Old Thirteen,
 were admitted into the Union:
 Vermont was originally a part of New
 York, and was admitted into the Union
 June 1, 1791.
 Kentucky, formerly a part of ir
 ginia, admitted into the Union June,
 1792.
 Tennessee, formed of territory ceded
 to the United States by (the State of N.
 Carolina, admitted into the Union June
 1, 1796.
 Ohio, formed out of part of the
 territory North-west of the river Ohio,
 admitted into the Union November
 •29, 1796.
 Louisiana, formed out of part of the
 territory ceded to the United States by
 France, received into the Union April
 8, 1812
 Indiana, formed out of part of the
 North-west Territory, ceded to the U.
 States by Virginia, admitted into the
 Union December 11, 1816.
 Mississippi, formed out of part of the
 territory ceded to the United States by
 South Carolina,admitted into the Union
 December 10,1817.
 Illinois, formed out of part of the
 North-western Territory, admitted into
 the Union December 3, 1818.
 Alabama, formed* out of part of the
 territory ceded to the United States by
 South Carolina and Georgia, admitted
 into the Union I December 15, 1818.
 Maine, formed out of part of Massa
 chusetts, admitted into the Union March
 to, 1820.
 Missouri, formed out of part of the
 territory ceded by France by the treaty
 of April 30, 1783, admitted into the
 Union August 10, 1821; after the adop
 tion of the noted compromise line ex
 cluding slavery from at! territory North
 of 36 deg. 90 min., west of the Missis-
*ipp*, saving States o* Territory already
 formed.
 Arkansas, formed of part of the same
 territory, admitted June 15, 1833.
 Michigan, formed of part of the ter
 ritory ceded to the United States by
 Virginia, admitted into the Union Jan.
 36, 1837.
 Florida, formed out of the territory
 ceded to the United States by treaty of
 i February 3, 1819, admitted into the
 Union March 3, 1815.
 Texas, an independent republic, ad
 mitted into the United States by a joint
 resolution of Congress,approved March
 38, 1815.
 lowa, admitted into the Union De
 cember 36, 1846.
 Wisconsin, an act was passed March
 3, 1847, to admit this territory into the
 Union, upon the condition that the peo
 ple adopt .the constitution passed De
 cember 16, 1816. The constitution
 was rejected,.but the people have sub
 sequently agreed upon a constitution,
 and the State was admitted into the
 Union by act of Congress of May *39th,
 1818.
 Territories. —Nebrasba; bill reported
 to fix boundaries, Jan. 7, 1845, but no
 action on the subject.
 Oregon; bill to establish a Territo
 rial Government passed House of Re
 presentatives January 15, 1817—no fi
 nal action on the Subject in the Senate
 during that session, when in 1848 a bill
 passed both bouses of Congress, and
 was approved by the President on the
 15th August, establishing a Territorial
 Government.
 Minesota; Bill to establish a Terri-
 I torial Government passed the House
 February 17, 1818, referred to Judi
 ciary Committee in Senate, hut no
 further action on the subject.— Jour, of
 Commerce.
 WARS ARE UNPROFITABLE.
 War is usually a source of taxation
 and oppression. Most of the European
 nations are now ground down with
 taxes to pay the interest on national
 debts incurred in prosecuting unjust
 and unnecessary wars.
 England and Ireland are sorely op
 pressed by taxation, the main purpose
 of which is to pay the interest on her
 vast war debt, much of which might
 have been avoided if the government
 had been wise, and desirous of remain
 ing at peace, hut the folly of the rulers
 in plunging the people into war has
 caused the whole population to groan
 for aces under the weight of heavy
 taxation.
 The unprofitableness of military con
 quests is illustrated in the case of
 France and Algiers. France under
 took |o conquer Algiers cut easy job;
 she succeeded at the cost of much
 treasure and took possession of the
 country, and reduced it to the condi
 tion of a French province. But ever
 since the conquest it has been found
 necessary to keep 80,000 soldiers in
 that region to keep the inhabitants in
 subjection, and every year since the
 conquest, the cost of occupation has
 been more than one hundred millions of
 dollars over and above all the taxes,
 imposts and revenues that could be ex
 acted or extorted from the people of
 conquered Algiers. Thus the conquest
 turns out to be a permanent loss, a
 lasting evil. This is the case in the
 occupation of a country that only ex
 tends about two hundred miles from
 the sea coast.
 The United States undertook to make
 war on Mexico, and many of our citi
 zens supposed that it would he a very
 light affair to conquer that country.
 The Mexican war might have been
 easily avoided if one-hundredth part
 of the trouble that was taken to pre
 vent war with Great Britain about
 Oregon had been taken to preserve
 peace with Mexico, but the government
 was dazzled with the idea of national
 aggrandizement and military conquest,
 and acted so as to precipitate- a war.
 The consequence has been that thirty
 thousand of our citizens have fallen
 victims to the sword, to sickness and
 to the casualties of war, and the nation
 has in prosecuting the convuest, ex
 pended at least one hundred and fifty
 millions of dollars but the end is not i
 yet! Peace is made and an army of
 occupation will have to be kept. To
 occupy the conquered portion of Mexi- j
 co, will require nearly as many men
 and cost nearly as much money as the
 occupancy of Algiers, bacause the
 country is more extensive, more diffi
 cult acid further distant, and the people
 more restive, treacherous and turbu
 lent.
 If the idea of occupancy or of con
 quest of Mexico be adhered to, we
 must calculate that it may cost us one f
 hundred millions of dollars every year; j
 this in ten years, will make a thousand
 millions and thus a huge debt will be'
 accumulating that will press heavily j
 upon the people for the next genera- j
 non. This debt will cripple business,
 paralyze enterprize, and hang as a f
 heavy weight on all useful branches of j
 business. The people engaged in agri
 culture, commerce, manufactures, and
 other useful branches of business will j
 have to pay* for the folly of the politi-i
 cians and for the glory of the military.
 The office holders, the military officers,
 the public agents and contractors, the
 jobbers, speculators, party favorites,
 and political loafers, may grow rich by
 the war, and they will exert their influ
 ence in favor of war, conquest, and
 military occupation but the people
 want peace, and must in every even*
 be the sufferers by war. St. La.
 Era.
 Punch says that the milk of hu
 man kindness is not to be found in the
 pail of society.” If so, we think it is
 time for all “hands” as Pat would say,
 to “kkk the bucket.**
THE MERCHANT AND QUAKEM
 A merchant of London bad a dispute
 with a Quaker respecting the settle
 ment of an accouat. The mere ban!
 was determined to bring the question
 into court, a proceeding which the Qua
 ker deprecated,using every argument in
 his power to convince the merchant ol
 his error; but the latter was inflexible.
 Desirous to make a last effort, the Qua
 ker called at nia house one morning,
 and inquired of the servant if his mas
 ter was at home. The merchant hear
 ing the inquiry, suid knowing the voice,
 called aloud from the top of the stairs,
 "Tell that rascal I’m not at home.”—
 The Quaker, looking up towards him,
 calmly said, Well, friend, God put
 thee in a better mind.” The mer
 chant, struck with the meekness of the
 reply, and having more deliberately in
 vestigated the matter, became convinc
 ed that the Quaker was right and lie
 was wrong. He requested to“see him,
 and after acknowledging his error, he
 said: I have one question to ask you,
 How were you able,with such patience,
 on various occasions, to bear mv
 abuse?” Friend,” replied the Qua
 ker, I will tell thee. I was naturally
 as hot and violent as thou art; I knew
 that to indulge this temper was sin, and
 I found that it was imprudent. I ob
 served that men in a passion always
 spoke loud, and I thought that if I could
 control my voice, I should suppress my
 passion. I have therefore made it a
 rule never to suffer my voice to rise
 above a certain key, am! by a careful
 observance of this rule, I have, with
 the blessing of God, entirely mastered
 my natural temper. The Quaker
 reasoned philosophically, and the mer
 chant, as every one else may be, was
 benefilted by his example.
 A Righteous Decision. —Some time
 ago, a poor fugitive escaped from Ma
 ryland, nnd, hotly followed by tiie pur
 suer, on his way to safety beneath the
 broad flag of old England, in Canada,
 was overtaken and seized in Vermont.
 The abolitionists iustantly got out a ha
 beas corpus, and carried all parties be
 fore the court, to see what warrant they
 had to arrest any man in Vermont who
 had committed no crime. Three judg
 es were on t e bench, two of them
 youug and energetic, one aged arid fee
 ble, who came to his seat by habit ot
 years, but seldom spoke, his eyes being
 dim and his strength abated. The
 counsel spoke—the defence wished to
 know why the man was held in custody.
 The lawyer for the slaveholder rose to
 reply, and said he should move that the
 offender was guilty of a breach of the
 laws of Maryland state; he was a slvae
 and had stolen himself. The other
 lawyer thffl said he should require
 proof that he was a slave. The slave
 owner then stood up, and held forth a
 document; this, he said, is a bill of sale
 made in my favour, for this man, signed
 by his original owner. The old judge
 rose to his feet, and with a voice of
 thunder, strangely loud for one so old,
 demanded, “Who signed it, sir?’,
 “John Williams,” replied the astonish
 ed owner. “Take it away! take it away!’
 said the old man, taising his hanbs to
 heaven,“lt is not valid, sir; it is falsely
 signed, sir; it is a blasphemous forgery
 none can sign that bill of sale but God
 Almighty.” The court was electrified;
 the slaveholder slunk out, and Ver
 mont awakened like a sleeper, gave
 twenty thousand abolition votes at the
 next election.— Erlrad of a Idler from
 Troy, State of .Yew York, Oct., 1816,
 Negroes ra. Horses.— The foilow
 ing, sayes the Boston Reflector arid
 Watchman, has been communicated to
 one of the pastors of Boston, by a son
 residing in Illinois, and may be relied
 on as veritable: *To illustrate the diffi
 culty of getting a slave back into bon
 dage, let me give you a specimen of
 the jurisprudence of our country, which
 occurred yesterday at our country seat,
 (Woodstock.) Two white men ap
 peared in town, having in custody two
 ‘gentlemen of color,’ whom they had
 taken in Wisconsin as their property—
 escaped from Missouri, These were
 brought before a magistrate in Wood-;
 stock, and claimed as their slaves. The
 Court decided that it had no jurisdiction
 in the case, as the negroes were ille
 gally taken by tbe plaintiffs out of the
 State, whereupon the prisoners were
 discharged. At the instance of the
 white man, the men of color were then
 taken up for stealing two horses when
 they left Missouri, from plaint ill’s. De
 fendants acknowledged having stolen
 the horses, alleging that they were In
 dian horses, not belonging to plaintiff*.
 A long debate here arose between the
 learned counsel, whether—ail being
 property —the negroes stole tbe horses,
 or, the horse* carried off, and conse
 quently stole, the negroes. The pris
 oners were again discharge d, and went
 their way rejoicing in the blessing* of
 liberty. But the cud was not yet. A
 suit was immediately instituted against
 plaintiffs, on behalf of the people of
 the State, for kidnapping, and the Court
 held them to bail in the sum of
 which not being able to obtain, they
 were obliged to pay the amount, and
 then left. The horse*, I understand,
 are to be tried to-morrow for stealing
 the negroes.”
 Death Serves or Kcmarkasee
 Persons.— Mary, Scotland’s frail beau
 ty, met the gloomy king” with a de
 gree of resolution not to be expected
 from her misfortunes, so n Jtnerou* were
 they, deserted by every friend except
 her little dog.
 Sir T. Moore remarked to the exe
 cutioner, by whose hands he was
 perish, that tbe scaffold was extremely
 weak. I pray you, friends, see me
 up safe,” said he, and for my coming
 down, let me shill for myaelt
 i Clmgtr IrcttM IwiidttW*® o** 0
JOHN DICK, PtiiUßii.
WHOLE N 0.—44.
posm* a ballad. HU la* production it
 called, *A ballad made bv Geoffrey
 Chaucer &lt;&gt;n U»e death bed, laying tit
 great pain. J
 I could wi*«h this tragic scene wa*
 o' cr said Quin, the actor, but I
 diiTnitv g I} XK,S, with
 Petrarch was found dead in his libra
 *7- leaning over a book.
 H isseau, when dying, ordered hU aV
 tendants to remove him, and place him
 before the window, that he might look
 j upon lus garden, and gladden hU eye*
 with the sight of nature. How ar
 dent an admirer he was of nature is
 poetically told in Zimmermans Sol
 itude.”
 Pope tells us he found Sir Godfrey
 Kneller (when he visited him a few 1
 day* prior to his end y sitting up, and
 forming plans for his ffifaument.
 His vanity was conspicuous even in
 death!
 Warren has remarked that Clicster
 field’s good breeding only left him with
 death. “Give Drysdale a chair,” said
 he to his valet, when that person was
 announced.
 J'ayle, when dying, pointed to (her
 place where his proof-sheet was de
 posited.
 Clarendon’s pen dropped from hi®
 hand when he was seized with palsy,
 which put an end to his existence.
 Hede died while in the act of dic
 tating.
 Roscommon, when about expiring,
 quoted from his own translation of Dice
 Ira*.
 Haller, feeling his pulse, said, the
 artery ceases to beat,” and immediately
 dittd.
 V» hen the priest, whom A 1 fieri had
 been prevailed on to see, came, he re
 quested him to call to-morrow:
 “Death, I trust, will tarry four-and
 twenty hours.”
 Nelson’s last words were, “Tell Col
 lingwood to bring the licet to anchor.”
 —Religious Herald.
 The Wonders of the Western
 World. New Orleans is about to
 reap the first, and, wc fear, almost the
 only good fruits of the Mexican war, in
 a series of popular lectures on the sub
 ject of American antiquities, to be de
 livered by some of the most eloquent
 writers at the South, and illustrated by
 a large collection of curiosities recently
 discovered by our intelligent officer®
 and soldiers in Mexico. The curiosi
 ties are to be collected into a museum,
 j to which it is hoped that liberal addi
 tions will be made by future explorers.
 I’he proceeds of the lectures, and of
 the museum, will bo devoted to laying
 the foundation of an asylum for respect
 nblo destitute females in New Orleans,
 an institution which is very much needl
 ed there, and which, we are happy to
 learn, is now begun under the most fa
 vorable auspices. Mav it be more than
 successful.— Ere. Post.
 Gen. Taylor’s Letters.- —Of tlto
 numerous letters Taylor lias written,
 can any man show one containing even
 a single line, expressing his regret that
 slavery should exist? Taylor men of
 the city of Columbus have letters from
 him they dare not show; do they con
 tain anything in favor of freedom? one
 word that even indicates the least lib-'
 erality on the: subject? Has he ever
 yet offered liberty to a single one of
 those human beings, the fruit of whose
 uncompensated labor he enjoys? Ha®
 he ever done any one thing that would
 recommend him to a Christian commu
 nity of free people? No, he is a slave
 trader, a sugar and cotton planter, with
 all the interests arid prejudices of hi®
 peculiar situation. In fine, lie stands
 confessed un ignorant, slavelrading
 soldier, owing his nomination to the
 fraudulent acts of the Louisiana dele
 gation, and trusting to concealment
 and deception for success. Ohio
 Standard.
 Abolitionism in the District.—Tito
 Washington (D. C.) Executive Free
 Soil Committee, on the *2fith, reported
 an ably-written address, which is cal
 culated to make a stir in the District,
 and caused not a little (Alteration. 11
 advocates, among other things, the abo
 lition of slavery, and says that the mas®
 of the citi/.ens would find full compen
 sation for the deprivation of slaves, in
 the deliverance of the free while laborer
 from contact and competition with a
 degraded caste—in the filling up of tho
 District with an energetic free popula
 tion— in the introduction of manufac
 tures, improvements, capital, fitc., S.c.
 Thirty thousand copies of the address
 were ordered to be printed. .V. Y.
 Eeung.
 Gen. Tavlor was nominated by the
 Philadelphia Convention. That body
 avowed no political creed; and its only
 action with reference to principle, was
 to vole dowm the Wilnrot Proviso.—
 Gen. Taylor was nominated by a Con
 vention of slaveholders at Charleston,
 South Carolina. That assembly d*d
 avow its principles—the leading one of
 which was the doctrine of slavery ex
 tension. This nomination he cordially
 accepts. Is it not, under these circuits
 stances, a Hale too barefaced for lho&gt;
 supporters of General Taylor to clams
 that they are lire true free »o«l parly.—
 Troy Budget.
 5 W»nr Ge».T*vtoß i*.—Gen. Tay-
 Lrt* is from birth, association, and coti
 "i *o the Sooth, and
 j l»er institution*; bring om of the most
 ester****'* slaveholders in t./*ui»iana,and
 supported by the slave holding interest
 as opposed to the Wilmot Proviso, and
 in fa* &gt;r of securing the privilege to the
 owners of slaves to remove with them
 to newly acquired territory.—&lt;V. Q.
 Be*
