Notices.
Rhode Inland Aati-tMavery Society
 Annnnl Meeiiif-
 The thirteenth annua! meeting of the Rhode
 Inland Anti-Slavery Siieiety, will he h'-M in
 Proridene-j, on Thursday and Friday, Nov
 ember 16lh, and ITlh, I#4B.
 The usual effort will bs mad to secure the
 attendance of dwtinjruishcd friends of ernanci
 pation fr.wn abroad, and it is confidently
 hoped that the meeting will be rendered inter
 esting to all who may be present.
 Our earnest appeal to all the friends of Lib
 ert in Rhode Island is, that they will once
 again lend to ns and to the cause, their pre
 sence, their warm sympathies and their gener
 ous efforts. This surely is not a time when
 the Pioneers of our cause in this Slate—the
 earnest and true men and women of the home
 of Roger Williams should falter in their work,
 or lack fault in the ultimate triumph of ihcii
 doctrines. The fires winch have been kindled,
 and which are now Inirslmg forth, ever
 amongst the old and long enslaved and slavery
 shattered political (tartics, shonld be ke-yi
 burning; and enquirers for the truth shook
 be points to a higher duty and a more glnn
 ous purjioso. Let us come together, then
 with warm and determined hearts, and taking
 courage from the past, resolve again to presi
 forward w ith reoewed zeal and a closer friend
 ship for uur timt, to the prise so dear to us
 and so full otyiy to the enslaved.
 In behalf of the, Rhode Island Anti-Slavery
 Society,
 JOHN BROWN, President,
 Amauancv Paine, Secretary.
 Providence, R. 1., Oct. 2, IWJB.
 WomnnN Protective Union
 Will in“f*t nl Protection Hall, corner of Main
 and St. Paul Streets, on Friday, the 27tli
 tnst., at 3 o'clock P. M. Friends of reform
 arc respectfully invited to attend.
 SARAH C. OWEN, Sec.
 fork Ladies Anti-Slavery Society.
 The following is the eighth report and
 address of the above named Society
 Wc address you again on behalf of 3,&lt;H)0,-
 0(MI of our fellow creatures, ground down and
 hound by the cruel chains of slavery and bon
 dage, w hose sighs and crying wrought by the
 torture of oppression, ascend up on high,
 before the throne of One in whose sight all
 mortals arc of equal im|iortancc.
 The claims of tlie slave upon the attention
 of all, in a professedly Christian country, arc
 great and jwiwcrful. No one with any spark
 o( humanity nr Christian feeling in Ins breast,
 will gainsay this; and if such Is? admitted,
 the inference is plain, that every Irish heart
 possessing these lnihieuccs should extend its
 general sympathy, anil use every endeavour
 towards snatching so many human beings
 from captivity, its insults, stripes, and inven
 tions of cruelly.
 To all who are desirous of helping forward
 the cause of Anti-Slavery, an opportunity is
 again afforded of assisting those engaged in
 the noble project, by contributing articles fur
 the Fifteenth Annual Bazaar, to be held at
 Boston, during Christinas week (in addition
 to which, there will also be one at Rochester
 for same purpose.)
 The work of our Irish jioor has been on
 former occasions much admired in America;
 whether knitting, netting, crochet, or em
 broidery, all have been much appreciated and
 thankfully received it will therefore bo op
 tional w ith such kind friends, as are desirous
 of assisting the good work, either to contri
 bute the labour of their own hands, or such
 sums ns they may think fit towards purchas
 ing materials cither for the Boston or Roches
 ter Bazaar.
 And now we hope that mention of these
 circumstances is only requisite to ensure an
 abundant and overflowing supply. Think ol
 lhe cries ami groans from so many hundred
 thousands of our race day by hay; while in a
 country of pence we walk abroad, and go
 whithersoever we will, no man making us
 afraid, while we are educated, which they
 cannot be, while we have freedom of remon
 strance under even supposed injury, which
 they cannot have under real and dreadful
 bondage—and are we, with all the blessings
 of a free country upon our heads, to make no
 attempt to loosen the chains of the enslaved
 and let the oppressed go free; perish the
 thought, that Ireland’s daughters shall receive
 the gifts of a generous and bounteous Provi
 dence without using the energies and means
 which they possess, towards the succour of
 these in miserable captivity, both physical and
 litoral. On the score even of common hu
 manity, we are called upon to give our aid,
 and il a national or patriotic motive were
 wanting, the injurious and demoralising effect
 which Slavery has upon Irish men and wo
 men in America, ought to be deemed suf
 ficient.
 W e ask then, all of every class and denom
 ination, to contribute bbeially if they can,
 but at any rate to contribute and as extension
 ol sympathy is much to Is; desired, wc would
 prefer numerous small donations of work or
 funds, rather than a few large.
 We now leave the matter in your bands,
 expecting that this appeal will not be in vain
 and that every exertion may lie made hy those
 who read il to forvvaid the cause of Anti-
 Slavery truth, and strengthen the hands, and
 cheer the hearts of those truly benevolent
 individuals in the Toiled States, who have
 devoted their wealth, their strenuous exer
 tions, their own liberts, in short their lives,
 to the great -and glorious cause of Freedom
 from Slaves v.
 CONTRIBUTIONS (ok DONATIONS) WILL lit Kt
 KIVKi) BEFORE loTIt NOVEMBER, RV
 Mrs Beamish, Beaumont, President,
 Mrs Breinner. Lipp's Quay,
 Mrs ('alllts, Wellington Lxfoe
 Queen's Place,
 Miss I Jennings, Brown St. Secretary.
 •j' e Belmont, innusliannon,
 Mrs Manly, Ferncy,
 ‘".l'y Parailo, Sw-rcttr.,
 Mr Mart,,,, l-.tr,,* Str
 Miss M. B. I uokey, Lancaster &lt;Ju-iv
 .Mi» n. K. wu.w, ISM*,
 I reasurer,
 Mis. J. Allliiant Bandnn,
 Mis. Pembroke, Tralee,
 M uts Rose, Limerick.
 From i tic l.ilx-rator.
 Trior I-’oster.
 We are very willing to publish the follow
 mg letter from Mr. Foster, and the certificates
 accompanying it, signed bv several clergymen
 and others of this city. We have no wish in* 1
 regard to Mr. Foster, excepting that justice i
 should be done to him ami to the Community.
 But we would draw his attention, ami that ot
 the geiiileinen who certify in his bell-if, t*&lt;
 the specific cliargrt made against him by tin
 wrjtet m (Is- North Star, understood to be I)r.
 Dclauy, one ol the editors. They are these.
 I hat, three years ago, he (the writer) was
 induced hy Mr. Foster to take a stationary
 agency tor fos Institute, a:id to advertise it in
 an authentic Circular, as in fuJl operation,
 w^*'n Vi*’" Michigan, unexpectedly
 to Mr. i osier, he found that there was no
 house built, nor a School o( any description
 ill existence. Also, that upon exainimng the i
 books ol the concern he found th„t the dts- i
 burseiueiit of two thousand dolLra was unac i
coastal for. These charg** m*y he tolfcep
 lifrfc of explanation, and ore shall be very
 happy to ho the medium of communicating it
 to ibe Public. Hut he and hi* friend■ must
 *cc that substantive allegation* like these,
 roaring from responsiUe source, are not suf
 ficiently m-»t by th* gty&gt;«l opinion which any
 gentlemen, however respectable, may enter
 tain of him.— q.
 To the Editor of ih* Ijtbrrntor
 St*—ln reply to the remarks made about
 me in your paper of the 29th of .Septemb r,
 may I ask yon u» insert the following certifi
 cates in y«wr next number 1 I should have
 taken earlier notice of vouf charges against
 me, but! have been waiting fur a reply to mv
 last report to the Trustees of the Woodstock
 Manual Ivihor Institute, forwarded from this
 city a few weeks ago. I expect shortly to
 receive an acknowledgement of the recriptand
 approval of that report, which 1 shall also ask
 you to publish. Until that arrives, 1 trust the
 follow ing communication will be regarded by
 the public a* a sufficient refutation of the
 charges brought against me in your paper.
 Through your columns I would, ask the editor
 of the .North iSiar' to publish it also.
 Re«p&lt;-cUully vours
 PRIOR FOSTER, General Agent.
 Boston, Oct. 1848.
 TO THE PUBLIC.
 We. the undersigned, have examined all
 the books, papers snd documents of Mr.
 Prior Foster, Agent of tin* Woodstock Man
 ual I&lt;ahor School. Among these (tapers we
 find his Annual Reports, as Agent, from his
 first appointment up to the last year, 1847,
 with the rotes of the Trustees accepting and
 approving the same, with their signatures
 attached. We find also a written copy of an
 Act incorporating the Woodstock Manual
 I*alior School, passed by the ol
 Michigan last winter, —said copy being eerti-
 I fied to by the Secretary of State, and addressed
 j to *ud Foster in an envelope post-marked
 Lansing, the capital of the State.
 We find also, a certificate, dated April 17th,
 1818, signed by the President and Secretary
 of the Board of Trustees, appointing said
 Foster Agent, to travel and collect funds for
 the Institution and also another certificate,
 signed by many of his ncighlmrs, citizens of
 Woodstock, expressing their confidence in
 his honesty and integrity, and their testimony
 to his labors and sacrifices in behalf of the
 Institution, and the education and elevation of
 his colored brethren. We cannot doubt the
 genuineness of these documents, and from
 our examination of them we are led to believe
 that the remarks made in a late number of
 your paper about Mr. Foster arc unjust to
 him, and that he is worthy of confidence as
 an honest nun, and of encouragement and
 sympathy in his present enterprise.
 [Rev.l S. K. LOTH HOP.
 F. I). HUNTINGTON,
 EDWARD N. KIRK.
 EDWARD BEECHER,
 FRANCIS PARKMAN.
 Boston October 6, 1818.
 Boston, Oct. 8, 1848.
 This is to certify that I have l»cen acquaint
 ed with Mr. Prior Foster for sonic eight
 years also know many who have been inter
 ested with him in the same enterprise; also
 the President of the Institution, who was a
 few years since a settled minister of this city,
 and is well known here. No one can fail to
 be well satisfied of Mr. Foster's honesty, by
 making a few inquiries in this city.
 GEORGE N. FLETCHER,
 14 Meichants’ Exchange, Boston.
 October 9, 1848.
 This may certify, that I have been ac
 quainted with P. Foster for twelve years past
 —have every reason to esteem him as an
 upright rad strictly honest man, and was ex
 tremely sorry to sec the cruel attack upon his
 character in the Liberator, and hope it may be
 immediately refuted. M. A. ADAMS,
 42 Spring-street, Boston.
 P. S. Since the above was prepared, 1
 have received the following, alluded to in my
 foregoing note P. F.
 Jackson's Mills, OctT 2,184 H.
 Bkothkh Foster
 Our mass meeting came ofT yesterday in
 good spirit, though our gathering was not
 large, and the day previous was the meeting
 of the Tiustees, and the following. In the
 result, Win. P. Russell was elected Presi
 dent, Wm. W. Jackson Secretary, Josaph
 Hewit Treasurer; and the following persons
 were added to the Board of Trustees John
 Adams, Dea. Baldwin, Henry M. Wilson,
 James W. C. Pennington, Asaer Ray. A*
 Agents, Prior Foster, General Agent, James
 \V. C. Pennington and Jason St. John, Trav
 elling Agents. Whereupon, it was
 Voted, That the $2OO on hand he appro
 priated to the payment of Steer and othei
 small debts, and Mr. Russell is to go and sec
 Powers, and get the refusal for a time of said
 land.
 The following were the resolutions passed
 by said Board
 Resolved, That the Report of Prior Fos
 ter, General Agent of the Woodstock Manual
 Labor Institute, is entirely satisfactory to us
 and as more funds are still needed for the ac
 complishment of the good object for whiel
 the Institution was established, therefore we
 do hereby cordially recommend him to the
 confidence of all who are interested ill the
 education and elevation of our colored frieuds,
 hoping that they will contribute freely for the
 accomplishment of this good object.
 2. Resolved, That as the W. M. L. Insti
 tute has been established for the special bene
 fit of the colored people, by their friends,
 without reference to party or sect, we there
 fore recommend that the views peculiar to
 any one sect of Christians be not taught at
 the Institution.
 3d. Resolved, That we deeply regret the
 course taken by one ol the editors of the
 North Star in reference to Prior Foster,
 Agent of the Woodstock Manual Labor In
 stitute, because we balieve that it is calculat
 ed to injure the cause w hich must lie near the
 heart of every lover of humanity. We also
 believe the statements made hv that paper ol
 August 25 to be incorrect. We are person
 ally acquainted with Prior Foster, and with
 the Institution, and have entered into a
 thorough examination of the books and ac
 counts of the Institution, and of the doings ol
 the Agent; no fraud or deception having
 been discovered by us in the doings of the
 Agent. We trust the frieuds of education
 and of the colored people will not suffer their
 minds to he massed by such statements; but
 reposing confidence in thu General Agent,
 w ill contribute freely, and thus assist in carry
 ing forward the great and good work which
 lias been commenced. The above resolutions
 were unanimously adopted.
 WM. P. RUSSELL,
 JOSEPH HEWIT,
 WM. W. J AGKSON,
 JOSEPH FOSTER,
 JASON ST. JOHN,
 Tnatmt.
 WM. P. RUSSELL,
 President.
 Signed bv order e»f the Trustees
 WM. W. JACKSON, Nrrr/ary.
 A National Convention of Colored
 Men wa» m session at Uvrland, Ohm, dur
 ing two or three day* of last week. The ob-
 J**cl of l lie Convention was to ih-vi»e plans for
 tb&lt;- melioration of the condition of the Africa*
 race m the United Sta L-s. The Herald says
 til at it* proceedings were temperate, decorous
 and harmonious. On the second day a discus
 sion of marked interest took place, on a reso
 lution declaring menial service* degrading to
 ihc black* a« a class, and recommending all to
 i&gt;eek employment m agricultural, mechanical,
 mercantile aud professional avocations. .Yu
 ’tonal Intrllignurr.
 The Moon not inhabited— -The Man
 ‘ltcster Examiner proves th.*», by stating, on
 he authority of a Bolton man, that no Scotcb
 uau hid been known to visit it.
THE NORTH STAR.
ROCHESTER, OCTOBER 27, ISIS.
The 4Mrm to tie Colored People of
 tie rolled State*.
 This document continues to engage the at
 tention of both the friends and enemies of our
 people. Few papers emanating from colored
 persons in this country, hare bad a wider cir
 culation. It seems to be hailed as the com
 mencement of noble results. Even our old
 persecutors, the Colonization ims, speak of the
 address in term* of complacency. The Colo
 nization Herald, published in Philadelphia, re
 views the address in a spirit of kindness rather
 than candor. It says, *J»e address embodies
 much good advice In spirit, tone and com
 position, it is superior to most of the addresses
 by abolitionists; and it will we dare say, com
 mend itself accordingly, to a wider circle of
 readers, and secure for the furtherance of its
 objects, a larger and more influential body of
 supporters among the benevolent in our land,
 than has been obtained lor the more ardent—
 not to say inflammatory and disorganizing ap
 peals w hich have too often brought odium on
 I the cause of abolitionism. As Coloniza
 tionisis, we have ever held the same opinions,
 and advocated the same means of practical
 amelioration with those promulgated in the
 address. We have appealed to the better
 ambition of the colored people, and have urged
 them to take a higher position in the acalo of
 society than can be procured by continuing iu
 the menial offices noticed in the address.”
 If this were a true picture of Colonization
 ists generally, or to any considerable extent,
 much cause for hostility to that society would
 be removed. Hut such unfortunately is not
 the case. That society through its agents,
 papers, pamphlets, tracts and books, has ever
 held to the utter impossibility of colored per
 sons occupying a higher position in the scale
 of society.” It has invaribly taken the* facts
 of our present condition, as fixed and final,
 demonstrating, that we can never fill higher
 stations in this country, than those which we
 at present occupy. Whole volumes might be
 adduced to prove this charge. If the altered
 condition of things—the growing interest felt
 in the cause of injured man, ourselves includ
 ed—if a larger idea of Christianity and democ
 racy is finding its way into the public mind,
 and a general spirit recognizing in every man,
 a brother, is pervading the heart of this great
 nation, and Colonizationists arc in common
 with others, feeling its genial influence; let
 them come out and confess their error—their
 great want of faith in the truth and their coun
 trymen, and resolve to abandon their old and
 hurtful errors, and none will mure readily for
 get and forgive their former errors and mis
 takes than we, the victims who have suffered
 most by them. Let them take the course re
 cently adopted by a large and influential class
 of politicians in this country, many of whom,
 like the Colonizationists, have been prominent
 in their opposition to every thing like the col
 ored man's elevation in this country, hut who
 iow stand forth the undisguised advocates of
 his rights. Now, we say, when the waters
 Eire troubled, let the lame halt, and the blind
 of all classes jump in and he healed.
 Hut, after all, our Colonization cotempora
 ry d.»es not even now, advocate the elevation
 of the colored people while they remain in this
 country—for he says, (*n a spirit which looks
 somew hat boastful,) While abolitionists are
 claiming for thrir colored brethren (iho italics
 are our's) the full rights of citizenship, and
 arguing that the latter ought to hold offices,
 and he promoted to the social and political dis
 tinctions Colonizationists now actually obtain
 for them an extensive field, the full and entire
 enjoyment of those rights, and a position and
 distinction which cannot be taken from them
 by popular caprice, tumult or party manage
 ment of the w hites.” In armver to this, we
 may sav, that had the same amount of money
 which has been applied to purposes of Coloni
 zation, been appropriated to the cause of ele
 vation at home, we should now see results far
 more happy and agreeable than a mere hand
 full of people called a Republic in Liberia.—
 F. D.
 Colored Churches iu Philadelphia,
 111 auother column will lie found a letter,
 signed W. D.,” which will be read with
 interest, especially by our readers in the city
 of Philadelphia. We extend to the writer of
 it a heartfelt welcome to the use of the col
 umns of the North Star, and are exceedingly
 glad that he has taken up his pen, and hope
 that he may be induced to write often.—
 In spirit and style his letter is admirable. In
 grammatical accuracy and excellence of chi
 rography, his letter may be called a model.—
 Such talents and attainments under a sable
 hue, are worthy of a better cause than that
 which, in this instance, they are most unfor
 tunately employed to defend.
 The lateness in the week at which this
 lengthy communication arrived, and the desire
 to give it immediate publicity, and the neces
 sity of passing it at once into the hands of the
 printer, makes it impossible to give its con
 tents such a review as some of our readers may
 think they deserve.
 The exceptions which W. D. takes to our
 charges against Stephen 11. Gloucester’s
 church, (“Large Bethel,”) arid St. Thomas’s
 Church, we of course think unsupported, and
 really ought not to require a length reply.—
 Those charges are clear, specific, and strong,
 and, as we thiuk, sustained by an array of
 striking facts, which can neither be denied
 nor explained away. To those facts we di
 rect the attention of W. D. and all others.—
 lie is too much of a student and a reisoner,not
 to acknowledge that well-attested facts cannot
 be set aside by a mere vague and general as
 sumption. The theory that because colored
 men are oppressed —that they must be, there
 fore, necessarily the actict enemies of oppres
 sion is disproved by the whole history of our
 people. £upinencss, indifference and timidi
 ty, have ever been the rule, while active oppo-
 MUtm to oppression has been the exception to
 our general conduct. To be in Uvur of the
 Anti-Slavery movement, means something
 more than a quiet l&lt;*oker-on upon the struggle.
 There is truly no neutral ground between
 liberty and slavery. He who w not (or us,
 is against us.” You are cither helpers or
 hindrance*—either pressing us forward, or
 holding us back. You cannot setve God and
 Mammon at the same tnue. You are our
 fnends or our enemies. You either belong to,
 our ranks of to the ranks of there hostile"
 to us. Where, then, are the three colored j
 churches in Philadelphia Let the facta
show. Tans coots abb booted sabbed
 AB AIN'T THOSE WHO ABE THE BJKHVX AND
 ACKNOWLEDGED ADVOCATES OT LIBKHTT t AND
 ABB WIDE OftOr TO THOSE WHO ABE EX OWN
 AND DISTINGUISHED (FOB THEIB ADVOCACY Of
 Slaveby. To view of this disgraceful end
 Incontrovertible fact, can may ooe blame os
 for speaking of such churches as pro-slavery,
 and occupying a position Hostile to tbe anti
 slavery cause T These churches are not only
 shot against the anti-slavery cause, bat two of
 them at least are in full Christian fellowship
 with those who gain their fortune by the
 blood of souls.**
 What is the Anti-slavery movement in this
 country It is a movement on tbe part of a
 class of men and women, who believing sl&lt; ve
 ry to be a sin, are acting in hannooy with that
 belief by proclaiming in the ear of
 nation, the accumulated wrongs of tbe perish
 ing slave, and exposing the many embarrass
 ments under which the nominally free colored
 people sutler, and are demanding in the name
 of God and eternal justice, immediate, entire
 and unconditional emancipation for the former,
 and equal rights for the latter. This is the
 Anti-slavery movement. It is a movement.
 It is not standing still. Its motive power is
 faith in God. Its wheels are tbe press and
 the living speaker; and he who presumes to
 obstruct tbe one wheel or the other, intention
 ally or umntentiqjpUy, is thus (hr hostile to
 the Anti-slavery mnTi mriif and deserves to
 be branded thus by all who love the cause of
 human freedom more than the narrow bigotry
 of sectarianism.
 But granting all this, W. D would hare
 us mourn over it, rather than denounce it.—
 This is matter of opinion. We will do both—
 mourn over it and denounce it; but while
 there are three millions of our brethren under
 the galling chains of slavery—scarred by the
 bloody lash—shutout from their fellow crea
 tures—denied all rights—unable to tell their
 wrongs, we may be pardoned if our tears
 should How for those rather than those traitors
 to the cause of righteous liberty, who to gain
 the smiles of the oppressor, meanly turn their
 backs upon the oppressed.— r. d.
 The Hutchinson Family.—llnnkeiism.
 The circumstances attending the visit paid
 last week to our youthful and beautiful city,
 by these mountain songsters, makes it deserv
 ing of special notice. The pro-slavery and
 narrow-souled demon had preceded them.—
 Old Hunkcrism, filled with pride and selfish
 ness, dreaded the presence of these high
 souled mountaineers in Rochester. It had no
 taste for their soul-enlargingand heart-melting
 melody. To defeat what it could not enjoy,
 was its first object. The Ilulehinsons were
 described as poor performere; their popularity
 was said to be on the wane; abolitionism had
 ruined them, &amp;c. Other modes were meanly
 adopted to disparage them in the estimation of
 the people of Rochester. In this mean work
 of detraction, we scarcely need say that the
 miserable dough-face who edits the Cass pa
 per in this city, and through whom our daugh
 ter was basely excluded from Seward Sem
 inary,” on account of her complexion, very
 appropriately took the lead. This self-elected
 umpire of taste in the city of Rochester,
 claims as much skill in matters relating to the
 harmony of sounds, as he assumes with re
 spcct to the harmony of colors. We warn
 the good people of llocheater against attend
 ing either seminaries or concerts, on pain of
 being expelled from respectable and refined
 society, should they venture to do so before
 obtaining the opinion of this most learned
 judge” whose word is sufficient to set at defi
 ance and veto the wishes of seminary
 of young ladies and misses.- Webelicve he does
 not object to the Virginia Minslrels,
 Christy’s Minstrels, the “Ethiopian Ser
 enades," or any of the filthy scum of white
 society, who have stolen from us a complexion
 denied to them by nature, in which to make
 money, and pander to the comipt taste of their
 white fellow-citizens. Those performers are
 undoubtedly in harmony with his refined and
 elegant taste Then those beautiful and high
 ly sentimental songs which they sing, such as
 Ole Zip Coon” Jim Crow” “Ole Dan
 Tucker Jim alone Josey, and a few
 other of such specimens of American m usical
 genius, must spread over his spirit a charm,
 and awaken in his bosom a rapture only
 equalled by that celestial transport which
 thrills his noble heart on witnessing a tremen
 dous squash
 We ought perhaps to feel less indignation
 than compassion for any man to whom the
 aongs of our mountain warblers are disagrees,
 ble. Such a fact betrays an unenviable state
 of mind, more to be deplored than blamed.
 It might not be an uninteresting investigation,
 had we lime to pursue it, to ascertain whether
 the fault really be in this man's organization;
 or in oilier words, whether his tastes are
 natural or acquired. But lor this we have no
 time. We understand that he says that their
 songs would do well enough, were there (to
 use his own diction) less of nigger in
 them. Poor soul! this tells the whole story.
 We wonder what has excited within his
 heart this intense and burning hatred of nig
 gers. Has he ever been eclipsed by a nigger 7
 Was he ever refused the society of niggers 7
 Has lie ever beeu robbed by a nigger 7 Hid
 a mgger ever steal and enslave a white man!
 were his children ever excluded from school
 by a nigger 1 If so, there may be some ex
 tenuation of his burning hatred. We were
 a little surprised to fiud so unhappy a speci
 men of cuhirphobia seated in a room as large
 as Minerva Hall, on equal terms with niggers.
 It may be, after all, that he is repenting of
 his old pro-slavery, and that this is the first
 fruit of his repentance. We shall therefore
 let him rest for the present, at least until we
 shall have other developments from that
 quarter.
 At to tbe concerts, we doubt if two musical
 entertainments were ever more successful in
 Rochester than those given by the Hulchinsoo
 Family on Thursday and Saturday evenings
 of last week, in Mmema Hall. A more uo
 propiuous evening thaa that of Thursday,
 could not well have been selected. Tbe
 streets were exceedingly muddy, and there
 fore greatly against the attendance of ladies—
 the night was cold, dark and rainy, and the
 price of tickets of admission was just double
 that asked by the most popular singers, and
 yet l bey had a crowded house.
 It is not, however, of their pecuniary §oc
 cess that we would speak, but of the real
 good done to their hearers. When we en
 tered Minerva llall, there was evidently some
 ill feclidg towa ids th e colored part of the au
diene* but as the glorious harmony pro
 ceeded, easts stood abashed—the iron hearl
 of prejudice, pride and acorn, seemed to melt
 Stray, and the general expression of the audi
 enee, aftong white and black, confessed the
 truth of a common origin and a common
 brotherhood. We all looked and felt alike.
 Our hearts were touched and saddened by the
 i SlaTe Mother's Lament —cheered and de
 lighted with the 14 Good time coming
 wrapped in admiration of 44 Excelsior
 filled with indefinable associations by the
 Old Church Bell”—softened to tears by the
 Bridge of Sighs”—inspired with a daunt
 less courage by the 44 Psalm of Life,” and
 terror-stricken at the “Ship on Fire.” The
 singing of this piece, by 44 John,” exceeded
 aoything of the kind to which we ever listen
 ed. Its value is not to be estimated by dollars
 and cents. \V e thought we bad beard John
 sing his best, but never did we bear anything
 from him equal to the 4 Ship on Fire.” He
 needed this song to call forth and bring into
 «fercise his magnificent vocal powers. In a
 w brief moments he dropped us in the midst
 of 4 *the wide waste of waters,” and in sym
 pathy thrilled our hearts with almost the hor
 ror of the inmates of a ‘‘ship oo fire.” The
 stilled cry of ‘‘Fire fire from the hold
 of the ship, bursting up through smoke and
 flame, and the wild screams of a frantic
 mother, clinging to her sweet infant, the long
 night spent on the shattered fragments of tho
 ship, on the mad dashing billows, the grati
 tude with which the light of day was hailed,
 and the ecstacy of delight at the prospect of
 deliveiance, were all most powerfully brought
 out. This one perfonnance was worth more
 than double the price of admission. They
 sung, as usual, the family song, and brought
 into it the cause of temperance and anti-sla
 very, singing the latter in the spirit as well as
 the understanding.
 They have now left for the West. We
 anticipate for them a brilliant career, great
 success, and great good to those who may be
 so fortunate as to hear their sweet mountain
 warbling.—r- d
 We think some of getting up a picture of
 H. G. Warner, Editor of the Rochester Cou
 rier, in the act of driving a colored child out
 of Seward Seminary. As General Cass is
 soon to be consigned to oblivion, the shades of
 which will probably overcast all his dupes,
 and our hero among them, we know of no
 better mode of rescuing his memory, than by
 availing ourselves of the pencil of the artist.
 We should like to have his opinion of the
 matter, as w ithout his will we would do noth
 ing.—F. D.
 A Blind Man’s Offering.
 This is a neatly-printed and well-bound
 book of four hundred and thirty-two pages, by
 B. B. Bowen, himself a blind man. The ob
 ject of the author in publishing his book, is
 to excite in the public mind a deeper interest
 in the condition and claims of the blind. The
 preface assures us that the book was written
 as it was delivered to, the amanuensis, without
 even the slightest verbal alteration. We are
 acquainted with the author, and know him to
 bo a warm-hearted, philanthropic and cheer
 ful spirited man, and if he has thrown into
 this volume the thoughts and feelings natural
 to his heart, the Offering will not fail of its
 object. Mr. Bowen, though blind, can yet
 tfrork. lie mingles in the biisicst current of
 life, and though he feels keenly the loss f
 outward light, he seams resolved to keep
 burning the light within, lie says of him
 self, that he is savad from one folly common
 to the American people, and that is, prejudice
 against color.* Of the book we should like
 to say much, did our limits permit. For the
 sake of its intrinsic value, imparting a knowl
 edge of the thoughts and feelings of one,
 though in the midst of us, is yet shut out
 from the sights and scenes of the world, and
 for the sake of humanity, this hook should find
 a place on the table of every family in this
 land.—f. o.
 J. R. Giddiugs.
 We take just interest enough in politics to
 rejoice over the election of a good man, and
 to deplore that of a had one. A want of
 knowledge of the real character of Mr. Gid
 dings's district, and well knowing the schemes
 which would be resorted to to defeat his
 election, gave us some apprehension that his
 enemies might succeed against him. Thank
 Heaven they have not succeeded. The good
 man is strong at home he is elected against
 all combination and treachery to principle,
 and will go to Congress not only suppoited
 by the mighty power of being in the right,
 but also a consciousness of being backed up
 by a large majority. His return to Congress
 will bring joy to the heart of the slave.—r. o.
 Cork Ladies' Anti-Slavery Society.—
 It will be seen by reference to another col
 umn, that these friends of the slave, ifflijrt
 famine, revolution and rebellion, rem|flHp
 in their adhesion to the cause of the
 can bondman.
 The Proceedings of the Philadelphia Con
 vention have not yet arrived. Will our friend
 and coadjutor, George W. Goines, see that
 they are sent in time fur our next paper
 F. D.
 The Louisville Examiner. —It affords us
 pleasure to publish the prospectus of this in
 teresting and able Journal. It is the only
 weekly periodical published ia the slave re
 gion, which has for its avowed object the
 defence of the rights of the colored people.
 The prospect os will be found in our adver
 tising columns.
 Haiti.— The letter from our Haitian cor
 respondent, which will be found in another
 column, will be read with interest. We are
 glad, tn the midst of the lies daily propagated
 by the Southern tools of the slaveueracy, to
 receive, and to furnish our readers with
 reliable intelligence from the black republic-
 Horace Greeley of the Tribune, has been
 nominated by the Whigs of the Sixth Dis
 trict, as a candidate to flB no existing vacancy
 in the representation of that District in the
 present Congress.
 Mileage.— The Journal of Cormneree biois
 that the mileage paid to Members of Con
 gress is the cement of the Uoioo.
 RraeiA and F nance.—lt is said that tba
 Emperor Nicholas has declared to England,
 that if a French array shook! pass ihe Alps,
 he won hi natch at the bead of 200,000 mm
 on the Rhine.
UeCßFtTtoxs or tit* Slats Powir.
 Under this brad the Western CiUpen has a
 very full article, from which the roOowing
 facta are gathered, in rehmwv to the oompar
 j ante number of years during which the
 office* of President and Viee-President hare
 i been held by Southern and by Northern men
 From the year 1789 to March 1819 —I he
 J cloae of James K. Polk's term —a period of
 sixty years, the South has furnished seven
 Presiddtfts, and the North five. With the
 two exceptions of John Tyler and James K.
 Polk, the Southern Presidents were re-elected;
 while not one of the Northern held the office
 for more than oue term. The result in years
 j shows that the South held the office forty
 j seven years eleven months, and the North
 twelve years eleven months, showing a bal
 noe hi f» T or of the South, (on dividing the
 j *in»e n, two equal proportions,) of twenty
 seven years. It must not be forgotten, be
 sides, that one of the Northern Presidents,;
 (Harrison of Ohio,) was a Virginian by birth,
 and says of himself—“ I have done and suf
 fered more to support Southern rights, than
 any person north of Mason and Dixon's line.”
 Ot the Ice-Presidents, during the same
 period, the South furnished five* and the
 North nine; the Southern were in office
 twenty years, and the Northern forty—bal
 ance in favor of the North twelve years. The
 Northern Vice-Presidents i held the office;
 chiefly previous to 1&amp;25; atnoe then, only I
 eight years. The Secretaries of State have
 been chiefly Southerners. During the
 same period, the South has held that office
 thirty-nine, and the North twenty years.
 It thus appears, that the South, besides
 being, as is now generally allowed, a drag
 upon the commercial prosperity and progress
 of the non-slaveholiling States, has contrived
 to hold the teins of Government for a large
 proportion of the lime during which the
 nation has had an independent existence.
 The chief inequality, it will be observed, is f
 in the office of President; and it is ip his
 hands that the chief power of the Executive!
 rests, having at his disposal not less than
 40,000 office-holder*. Says the writer in the
 Western Citizen, “Well might the South
 afford to be just to the North in the Vice-
 Presidency, after having taken the lion's!
 share of forty-eight years of the Presidency j
 to the North's twelve.” —j. d.
 From the Democrat,
 Prof. Rogers’ Experiments on Unman
 Magnetism.”
 Prof. Rogers has delivered over sixty lec
 tures in this city, to public audiences and pri
 vate classes, and magnetized nearly two hun
 dred different individuals during the past four
 weeks—persons of highly respectable charac
 ter, and most of them incapable of using any
 fraud or deception. Many interesting experi
 ments have been made in Phreno-Magnetism,
 such as exciting the different organs—acquisi
 tiveness, benevolence, combativeness, time,
 tune, language, &amp;c.
 Twenty-three teeth have been extracted
 (nineteen of them by one of the Committee,
 Dr. A. Clark) for different individuals, while
 in the magnetic state, without causing any
 pain or movement of a muscle. These ex
 |ieriments and many others that have been
 made by Professor Rogers, have convinced us
 that amputation and other surgical operations
 may be performed while in the mesmeric state
 without any dread or pain to the individual,
 and with more safety than they could be
 under the influence of any of the differ
 ent preparations of aether or any other agent
 known.
 Many persons laboring Tindnx disease of
 long standing, have been very much bone
 fitted, and some cored who have attended
 Prof. Rogers’ private lectures and classes.
 A vote was taken last Saturday evening, to
 ascertain the minds of the audience relative
 to Prof. Rogers continuing his lectures in this
 city. It met with unanimous responses in the
 affirmative. We cheerfully recommend Prof.
 Rogers’ lectures and ex|)eritnents to all in
 quirers after truth, and hope he may receive a
 liberal patronage.
 Glory —The Haverhill Gazette mentions
 a returned volunteer, who went away with a
 company of sixty-three men, only eleven of
 whom are now living. He enlisted with a
 company in Portland, and has himself lost
 one eye, had a bayonet run into his body, and
 a ball shot through his knee. When he went
 away he left a wife-and two children, and has
 returned to them “a used-up man,” shattered
 iu health, and miserably poor.
 Collcce in Africa. —A citizen of Missis
 sippi has left 100.000 for the establishment
 of a college iu Liberia, Africa.
 A Prophecy Fulfilled.—John O. Cal
 houn in his speech at- Charleston, said that
 which ever party was defeated at this election,
 would go over to the burn-burners. The
 fulfilment of his prediction is already taking
 place. Paul Dillingham, the Cass candidate
 for Governor at the recent election, since his
 defeat, has repudiated Cass, and now avows
 his determination to support Mr. Van Buren.
 So says the Bennington Yt.) Gazette.
 Editorial Troubles.— The Victoria (Tex
 as) Advocate, of July 27, apologizes for a lack
 of matter in as columns, by saying that the
 senior editor was shot arid badly wounded, the
 junior editor had the chills and fever, and there
 had been no mails there for two weeks
 The Mormons. I hose poor, persecuted
 Creatures are combating with all kinds of afflic
 pons A plague of crickets has
 visHctHpe Mormon plantations on the prairies,
 and dcMVoyed the crops which the pioneer
 emigrants had planted for their followers.—
 The crickets have devouted the crop* like
 locusts. In consequence of this calamity the
 Mormons that had arrived at Sait Hike, find
 ing themselves wuhout supplies, killed their
 working cattle for food, and sent to the V. S.
 Forts for bread. The party of Mormon emi
 grants pn Platt River had plenty of provis
 ions.
 Preservation or Wheat by Chabrino.
 —Mr. Branin of Trenton, N. J. has some
 wheat taken from the hank of the river nearly
 opposite Catskill, where it had remained
 ever since the year 1777. The building in
 which it had been stored was burned down
 during that year, and several thousand bush
 els of the grain, completely charred, were
 suffered to remain on the spot. lly scratch
 ing the bank with bis fingers, Mr. B. informed
 us that the wheat rolled down, perfect in
 size and form. Wagon loads of it have thus
 remained for seventy-one years, incorporated
 with the earth, and exposed to the action of
 the elements, without showing any diwpotu-
 Uou to modify iu principles.—{ Trenton Gaz.
 Dubjcsfect.-— When a stranger treat*
 me with want of sgepeet,” said a p«&gt;or philo
 sopher, 1 comfort rnvself with the reflection
 that it m not myself be slights, but nsv old
 and shabby coat and shabby hat, which, to
 say truth, Lave no particular claim to adora
 tion. So, if my hat and coat choose to fret
 about it, let them but it is nothing to me.”
 _ A Contrast. —The State Government of
 South Carolina, where there are 34,000 slaves
 to 960*00 free people, coals $347,000, or
 1,33 per free head. Massachusetts gov
 erns 800,000 free people for 67 ccuU per
 bead.
 Steamers have been Guilt in Wheeling,
 Virginia, thin summer, to the amount el
 $190,000.
Communications.
Philadelphia, Oct. 19,1#4#.
 Massrs Editors The great leadin*
 doctrines of Anti-Slavery, “That man cannot
 hold pioperty in man that slaveholding is a
 sin against God, and a gross outrage upon
 the sacred rights of humanity, and like all
 other sms should be immediately repented of,
 the writer of this has long since heartily
 subscribed to. lit embraced these truths,
 not because he found himself identified with
 the oppressed, but because they are so dear
 in themselves, like all other obvious truths,
 that they commended themselves at once to his
 most hearty concurrence, when first announc
 ed in his ears by the noble pioneers in this
 good cause. As it regards those tried friends
 of humanity who feel specially rooted to urge
 onr guiltv nation to a speedy removal of the
 crying sin of slavery, wc detpur not against
 their denouncing it in terms of the most pun
 gent reverity. Aside from those who have
 derived from nature warm and ardent temper
 aments, we cannot conceive how any man
 with a well-balanced mind, unbiased by cruel
 prejudice and heartless selfishness, can look
 long enough at its odious features to delineate
 only the out ines of the hideous monster,
 withoot having the indignant feelings of bin
 soul roused to the highest pitch of intensity';
 and being thus aroused, if the language of re
 buke used under such circumstances should
 not be of the most pointed, keen, and wither
 ing character, it would be universally regarded
 ls a strange anomaly in the philosophy of tho
 mind. This is a sin which richly deserves to
 be sharply rebuked, as well as all its apolo
 gists and abettors. Hut notwithstanding
 these concessions are made, we mnst confess
 that we are not a little puzzled to see how
 such denunciations can justly apply even to a
 considerable number of our people here, muchi
 less the mass, sustaining, as they do, the'
 mortified relations of the oppressed, perse
 cuted and downtrodden. To charge them
 with being hostile to the Anti-S/anry move
 ment," in their feelings, sontimentsor actions,
 to my mind, is both cruel and absurd in the
 extreme. Mere we are, forced to brunt pre
 judice, derision and contempt, as best we may,
 in every part of this land of professedly lib
 erty-loving people. Whether in following
 our daily avocations, or in our leisure walks
 through the towns and cities in which we may
 dwell— whether we travel in steamboats,,
 ja-kets, or Tuilroad cars—in all our relations
 with the whites as men, citizens, and Chris
 tians, wc are made to feel, though in the land
 that gave us birth, like aliens and strangersy
 having no common interest in the country
 excrescences, useless appendages to the body
 politic. Now, it this sketch of our condition
 be true, imperfect as it is, it shows that it is
 bad enough in all conscience. It is a condi
 tion, very far from affording a subject calcu
 lated to excite pleasing reflections in the bo
 som for it is not in man to he plea.-ed with
 the contumely and scorn of his ieHow-nutn.—
 He is rafher ambitious to be highly cstecmedL
 Hut the fact is undeniable, that we have to
 encounter the prejudices to which wc have'
 referred daily; and w e too well know, and too*
 sensibly feel, the bitterness of it. Our cup of
 misery is now well nigh full. Hut has the
 time arrived when another gall-like ingredient
 is to be added Have we henceforth not only
 to bear the scorn of the oppressor, hut are.
 we to lie odious and revolting to ourselves—to
 be hated and forever bating one another
 Are we to have enacted over again the sumo
 heart-burnings, the same angry contentions
 that have so long marked the history ofbleed
 mg Africa, and which resulted in all the un
 told miseries that have for centuries been en
 dured by her unhappy descendants? Have
 w e lost all powers of observation Have wo
 closed our eyes to the thrilling events that are
 transpiring around us? Are we deaf to the
 warning voice, still echoing from the hills andi
 rolling along the blood-stained valleys of ill
 fated Mexico? Mexico, who saw a strong,,
 powerful, and formidable enemy making in
 roads upon her borders, instead of rallying*
 all,and each,and every heart and hand around'
 the standard of tbeir country, and with ona
 united, determined and persevering effort,
 drive back the proud aggressor—instead of
 this, she paralyzed her own arm, by suffering
 herself to be torn asunder by inward factions
 and a party spirit. Thus she fell (1 like to
 have said as she deserved) an easy prey to tho
 common enemy. It is an old maxim, hot it is
 nevertheless true in its application to Ell
 classes and communities of men: “United
 we stand, divided wc fall.” But if it he our
 unfortunate ot to fall still lower, let us, for
 the sake of humanity, fall by the hand of tho
 oppressor—not by our own suicidal hands.
 Let us look for a moment at the absurdity of
 the charge. Hostility to the Anti-Slavery
 movement,” is to be in favor of the slav* ry
 movement pro-slavery” is the familiar
 phrase. This is affirmed of several thousand
 nominally free, church-going cohired persons
 in the city of Philadelphia. Let the philan
 thropists of the North hereafter close their
 lips in silence, sit down, wrapt in the mantle
 of darken pair; for their cause is hopeless.
 cr ®*W^HP^f e '~k inhabitants of tho
 your hitherto gloomy appre
 heulHjpH ■now give place to the bright
 hope. We proclaim, by
 the tdiioiial seal, that
 hencdMHppitu may bring our brothers sad
 sisters, whom you have managed by a strange
 perversion of ideas to tranafonu into a species
 of property —henceforth you may bring them
 by scoics and by hundreds into the City of
 Brotherly Love, with perfect safety. You
 need not fear any loss, only be careful to in
 troduce them to a certain "trio" of churches,
 and all will be well. .Should any of them
 hereafter have the impudent danug to make
 the attempt to take ihemaslves to themselves,
 and should succeed—be it known unto you,
 and all whom it may or doth concern, that rf
 they should happen to come within the circle
 of this triune hand of pro-slavery brothers, no
 uneasiness about tbeir return back to service
 need be indulged in for a single moment.
 Now, suppose this announcement was posted
 to-morrow, in huge capital letters, on tho
 door of every slaveholder throughout tlie
 Southern regions, eaa it be thought that asy
 oee among them would belicv«»t r lhey
 might sure at it; but believe it—never.
 Now, if that dam, who arc the only persons
 on earth to whom this would be cheering
 news—if that clam could not believe it, who
 could A proposition that nobody eaa he*
