(Communications.
Chillicothe, Oct., 15, 1848.
 Mewm Editors :—The few Free Soil men
 of R&lt;w« County, had a glorious time in Chilli
 cothe yesterday. An impression was made
 on our citizens in favor of human liberty, to
 w hich they have heretofore been entire stran
 ger*.
 The Hon. J. R. Giddings, addressed alarge
 assembly in this place yesterday, setting
 forth the principles of the Buffalo Platform
 and arguing with resistless eloquence, the im
 portance and necessity of their support by all
 Northern men. Strenuous efforts were made
 by meanly designing individuals to d sparage
 the meeting. They endeavored to induce the
 more d&lt; graded colored persons to attend, both
 by persuasion and compensation. I am in
 formed that a contemptible rum seller, in the
 shape of a landlord, was hired to send all the
 servants in his employ to the meeting; they
 vainly hoped that by this means, their truck
 ling editors and ..«tumj&gt;ers might sav, with at
 least some appearance of truth, that the meet
 ing was composed of a few abolitionists and
 negroes. But these hopes were soon blasted,
 when at the hour of meeting the Court House'
 was crowded to its utmost capacity by the
 bone and sinew of the country,” determined
 to hear for themselves.
 Through a speech of some three hours in 1
 length, Mr. Giddmgs was listened to with the
 deepest intern t. This 1 may say, is the first
 abolition speech ever delivered in Chillicothe,
 and this was of course, entirely political, and
 therefore far below that high stand taken by
 the pioneers of abolitionism in this country.
 The rein irks of the speaker touching the pro
 slavery character of Gen. Taylor and the va
 cillating course of the Whig parly, created j
 great excitement and called forth many re
 monstrances and interrogations from our lay- j
 lor demagogues, all of which were answered
 in that prompt and masterly manner which j
 lias always characterized Mr. Giddiugs in the
 Halls of the national councils. Thu burning
 rebuke which he administered to those fawn
 ing dough-faced jHihticians, was responded to
 w ith loud and enthusiastic cheers from all par
 ties in the assembly.
 At the close of the meeting, one Gen. John J
 L. Green, formerly a member of the Ohio leg
 islature, and only distinguished for his unceas
 ing and disgraceful hostility to the repeal ul
 the black laws” of the State, and his gen
 eral pro-slavery notoriety, gave notice that he
 would address his fellow-citizens at 7 o’clock,
 in the evening, at which time he would re
 view the arguments and positions of Mr. Gid
 dings. The speaker then requested the Gen
 eral to state what points in his argument he
 intended to attack. This lie refused to do.—
 His Whig friends then called for him but he
 .still declined.
 At 7 o’clock the General's friends assent-'
 ldid. He arose aa l after looking about for
 some time among the benches to find bis bear-
 •ers, commenced bis harangue, and after puf
 iing aw iv for an hour, like a man in the last
 l stages of desperation,” bis audience gave a
 tfew dry, unmeaning and apparently extorted
 cheers and yells, and dispersed with mournful
 tqjeicing that they had vanquished an absent!
 enemy. The meeting was what we call in;
 the West, an entire failure. The evening of
 this m ieting, Mr. Giddiugs addressed the peo
 ple in Circleville.
 Tne Whigs, since the State election, have
 given up Ohio, and depend on the vote ol
 New York to elect Taylor.
 Respectfully, C. 11. L.
 Golumbts, 0., Oct. 25, 1849.
 Friends Douglass Dklany :—I take
 the liberty of troubling you again with a few
 lines abont our doings here. On Friday, the
 iiOth, John Van liurcn delivered an address to
 our citizens. At one b dock, before he had
 arrived, the Hall of Representatives was filled
 to overflowing and it was found necessary
 fur the im uense crowd that had assembled to
 adjourn tonhe public ground in the rear of the
 .State House where the orator mounted the
 stand, aud spoke for two hours with great
 cloquenee and effect, on the subjeot of Free
 Soil. The State Convention of the other
 party was not half so large as this meeting.
 Mr. Snodgrass, the editor of the Saturday
 Visiter, arrived in this city on Sunday night,
 and addressed the colored people at the Bap
 tist Church. He spoke on the duty of the
 colored people being active on the great re
 forms of the day. His address made a deep,
 and it is to be hoped an effective and lasting
 impression. The house was crowded.
 Yours for the oppressed,
 D. JENKINS.
 From our own Correspondent.
 London, Oct. 12, 1949.
 Ere this the news may have reached you
 ithat Smith OTJrien’s trial is over, and that
 .the jury have pronounced kirn guilty, llis
 trial commenced on Thursday, Sept. 281 h.—
 Much time was at first spent in technical con
 tests, and a large number of witnesses were
 -examined for the crown. The evidence elicit
 ed from them was but a recapitulation of the
 ■previous rejnirts of the rebellion. Mr. hite
 side, Q. C., was among the counsel for
 (i’Brieti. He opened the defence on Thurs-
 Oct. 4th, in a most brilliant speech,
 which occupied two days, and w hich created
 great interest and excitement amoifg the nu
 merous and distinguished audience present.—
 On Saturday last the trial The
 jury were but an hour in deliberation. “The
 Tunes’ reporter says, that as they re-entered
 the Court, “they looked like men who had
 discharged a painful and weighty duty.”—
 Their verdict was accompanied with a most
 emphatic recommendation to mercy. The
 conduct of the prisoner throughout the trying
 scene, has been the theme of universal admi
 ration. Ihe l)aiiy News” correspondent
 nays 1 here was one, and but one, in that
 sorrow-stricken assembly, who flinched not.
 His proud bearing bore the dignified impress
 of his manly nature, lie stood erect, un
 nerved, undaunted, his eye beaming with its
 wonted fire, aud his aridfc folded across his
 breast, in the full repose of an upright con
 science. He slightly inclined his head to the
 jury, tnd again resumed his erect and firm
 bearing. A convulsive sob was heard for a
 moment throughout the court, and again all
 was still.” The Court adjourned unul Tues
 day. All remained quiet in Clonmel. The
 news has just reached us that sentence ol
 death is pronounced on O'Brien, (hid gram
 that this may not tie put into execution.
 The Chartkt trials axe over in this country.
j laicey, Fay and Coffey are sentenced totrans
 portation lor life. m
 The whole continent of Europe remains in
 a disturbed state. Since my last, France has
 presented a scene of great turbulence, and
 there has been a terrible riot in the National
 Assembly itself. It appears that the ultra]
 Democrats and the most violent Communists,
 imagine that they coo overthrow the moderate
 Republic, as it overthrew the monarchy—by
 political banquets. Meetings of this kind
 have been held, where most daring opinions
 have been advocated. A short time sines, a
 banquet of this nature took place at Toulouse,
 at which everything was done to make the
 real sentiments of its managers known. The
 pillars of the hall were painted red—- a bust of
 liberty was placed on a red pedestal, and the
 “bonnet rnuge" was elevated oo a pole,
 while Cavaignac and the Assembly were vio
 lently hissed, and fiendish shouts of Fire
 Marat," “.4 has F Assemblie National,'' Fire
 la guillotine,” were raised by the madmen
 present. These (acts were brought before
 the llous3 by M. Denjoy, and it is not sur
 prising that horror pervaded the minds of the
 respectable part of the Assembly while listen
 ing to them. M. Denjoy, being a man of
 firmness and courage, proceeded to animad
 vert on the disgraceful affair, when the ultra
 party in the Chamber (known by the name of
 the Montague) made a simultaneous rush at
 him, striving to drag him from the tribune;
 and had not the President interfered, and
 commanded the ushers to form round him, he
 would assuredly have fallen a sacrifice to
 their fury. After a short scene of inde
 scribable violence and confusion, order was to
 some extent restored, and M. Denjoy contin
 ued his observations.
 Prince Louis Napoleon has taken his seat
 in the National Assembly, and made his
 opening speech, which was brief and modest.
 The recent Paris papers are much occupied
 with the important vote of the National As- j
 seinldy, which virtually declares that the Pre- j
 stdent of the Republic shall be elected by
 universal suffrage. M. Lamartine made a
 brilliant oration during the debate, in favor of
 universal suffrage. On a division, there ap
 peared,
 For the election by N. Assembly, 211
 Against 60*2 i
 Majority, 391
 This is thought to be tantamount to the
 nomination of Prince Louis Napoleon for 1
 although Cavaignac is held in universal re
 spect hy every rational man, it is believed that
 the mass of the people will vote for him who
 bears the charmed name of Napoleon. The
 candidates for the Presidency, however, wilj
 he numerous; but in all probability the strug
 gle will rest between Cavaignac and the
 Prince.
 Austria refuses to accept the mediation of
 Fraifce and Englund between her and Italy.
 The Emperor has published a manifesto, de
 claring that it is his intention to organize the
 Lombardo-Venetian Kingdom, with a nation
 al representation of a complete and extensive
 kind. Tranquility is restored in Frankfort.— I
 It is clear that the march of insurrection in i
 Germany dou* wot respond to the desires oft
 the red Republicanism of France but things
 are everywhere unsettled, -and society seems
 to hang together by a very slight thread.
 The cholera has reached us. Several cases
 have occurred in Edinburgh, Sunderland,
 Hull and Woolwich. S. P. Q. R.
From the Springfield Republican.
 Caution.
 Mr. Editor: —Will you allow me space
 in the columns of your paper, to caution the
 public against an impostor, calling himself
 William Wilcox, of Princeton, Bureau Co.,
 Illinois, lie has been for several weeks un
 der treatment at the Northampton Water-
 Cure, for bronchitis, liver complaint and dis
 pepsia. After b ring nearly cured 6f his ail
 ments, he resorted to false pretences, begging
 indulgence in tlie payment of his bills. After
 the lapse of a few weeks, he expressed much
 regret that the expected remittance did not
 arrive, while it has been ascertained that he
 had means in his possession. Without paying
 bis bills, or the money which he borrowed
 from a fellow patient, Wilcox decamped from
 my establishmment this morning, taking the
 cars for Springfield, in company with one
 Seth Marshal, of Painesville, Ohio, against
 whom and Wilcox one of my neighbors has a
 small bill for house hire. The latter has left
 behind him an empty trunk, and a few worth
 less articles of clothing, which await the or
 der of Wilcox or Marshall.
 D. RUGGLES.*
 Northampton, Mass., Oct. 23, ’4B,
 N. B. Editors of newspapers will serve
 public justice by giving the above an insertion.
Boston Water Works. This highly
 important undertaking has been completed,
 and was celebrated with great rejoicing by the
 citizens of Boston on the 25th inst. The
 water is brought from Lake C’ochituate, 20
 miles distant, and the entire expense of the
 aqueduct and reservoirs, it is estimated, w ill
 be about $4,000,000. The report of the
 (Commissioners says:
 The supply of pure water conducted to
 the city from its secluded source, is not sim- j
 ply poured into the public squares and market!
 places, but it is conveyed through subterra- j
 nean passages to the dwelling of every citi
 zen; and if they dcsiie it, to every chamber j
 and closet. It is not left to be boine by man-
 ual labor, from deep vaults and stagnant cis-i
 terns, but it ascends, in obedience to a mys- j
 terious law of nature, to such part of every
 mansion as its possessor may direct.
 To obtain the power of distribution at all
 times throughout the elevated parts of the
 city, it was necessary to erect large reservoirs,
 at an elevation above tlie sea nearly equal to
 that of the original source. One of these,
 situated on tlie nearest neighboring height be
 yond the limits of the city, is capable of con
 taining w ater sufficient for the uses of the city
 tor a |*eriod of two weeks, should the supply
 be interrupted by any accident for that period.
 Into this reservoir the aqueduct is capable of
 discharging more than 10,000,000 gallons ot
 water per day, flowing by a gentle eimem—
 traversing the 15 miles of iu course in 24
 bouts—and falling at that distance about 4
 feet from the level of its original source.”
Gab roa one I—Mr. 1 —Mr. Thomas Waugh, of
 Berry Edge, publican, has a gasometer all Id
 himself. I» ha® usually been concluded that
 a man must dispense with the luxury of gas,
 unless bis lot be cast in a good sized town:
 but Mr. Waugh, thanks be to an ingen
 ious pitman of Garresfield colliery, has ga*
 works of bis own, which only cost him £*2s,
 and he cao boast of having a more brilliant
 light than the folks of Newcastle.
Whig Doc tune. —Uen. Taylor is fully
 fledged not to reto the VVtlnxH Proviso.—
 luil. Schouler’i tpe&amp;k al Kattck.
 Wun* Practice. —I rejoice that Geo.
 Taylor w wholly unpledged upon any issue
 whatever.— R. C. U'inthruf.
From (he Anti-Slavery Standard.
 THE DAY OF SMALL THINGS.
 r t. l. towiiL
 P hi* limp alurvrard, ft wt* reported to me by
 Ihr city oAcer*, lint t**T had fevretted oat the pnprr
 and Hr rditor; tfial to* odaem war an otanire botr,
 hui oak viMbk auxiliary a aeyro bat, and hit tap.
 potWa few prison* of all colors.—
 \JI. G. Otu'f Later.
 In a small dmulrr, friMtHen and mmeeu,
 TuiU-ti o'er lux type* a p**»r uul -ame t joonf ma;
 The place mu dark, unfuruimred, and mean,
 Yet there the freedom of a rare began.
 Help came but slowly; sorely oo man yet
 Put lerer to the heavy world with leas!
 What need of help! He knew how types were set,
 He had a dauotk»« .«p»r»t and a pre**.
 N»-b earnrrt n itarr* are the fiery pith,
 The compact nuclein* round which system* grow:
 Maw after man become* inspired therewith,
 Aad whirls impregnate with the central glow.
 Oh, Troth! Oh, how are ye *tiU bora
 In the role stable, in the manger turned'
 What bumble hand* unbar those gates of morn
 Thrinigh which the splen&lt;k»r» of the New Day burst!
 What! sliall ooe monk, scarce known beyond bis cell,
 Front Rome’s far-rearbiny bobs, and scorn her
 frown"!
 Brave Lather answered, es! that thunder's swell
 Rocked Europe, and disarmed the triple crown.
 Whatever can be known of truth we know,
 Sneered Europe’s wise men, is their snail-shells
 curled;
 No! said one man in Genoa, and that No
 Out of the dark created this new world.

 Who is it will not dare himself to trust!
 Wlk» is it hath not strength to stand alone!
 Who is it thwarts an 1 blinks the inward mist!
 He and his works, like sand, arc blown.
 Men of a thousand shifts and w iles, look here'
 See one straight-forward conscience put in pawn
 To win a world; see the obedient sphere
 By bravery ’s simple gravitation drawn!
 Shall we not heed the lesson taught of old,
 And by t*&gt;e present's lips repealed still,
 In our own single manhood to be bold,
 fortressed in conscience and impregnable Will!
 We stride the river daily at its spring,
 Nor, in our childish thoughtlessness foresee
 W hat myriad vassal streams shall tribute bring—
 How like an equal it shall greet the sea.
 Oli! small liegionings, ye are great and strong,
 Based on a faithful heart and weariless brain!
 Ye build the future Ciir, ye couquer wrong,
 Ye earn the crown, and wear it not in vain.
A Question. —If the Cass and Taylor men
 are so strong in their opposition to slavery-ex
 tension as they would have the people believe,
 how* did it happen that the former got up a
 candidate in opposition to Mr. Wilmol, and
 the latter candidates against Messrs. Giddings
 and Palfrey? No better non-extension men
 than these can be named in the Union. Some
 of our cotemporaries intimate that Mr. Palfrey
 lost favor with the cottonocracy ol Massachu
 setts on account of Ins having manumitted cer
 tain slaves that fell to him, but we cannot
 quite believe that. But undoubtedly his earn
 est and consistent opposition to slavery lies at
 the bottom of the opposition to him. The
 same remark applies to the case of Mr. Gid
 dings. If the Taylor men at the North w ere
 really anxious, out of certain localities, to es
 tablish an anti-slavery reputation, there is no
 man who ever stood m their ranks who is en
 titled to more honor than Mr. Giddings. But
 he could not lie made to believe that the own
 er and worker of 300 slaves was a fit repre
 sentative of free principle. Hence a rival can
 didate. Now' that he is elected, however, we
 observe that lie is reckoned By the Taylor pa
 pers as a pretty orthodox Whig.— Western
 Citizen.
Ex-Govf.rncr Hammond for Gen. Tay
 lor. —The following is an extract of a letter
 of Ex-Governor Hammond of South Carolina,
 in reply to an invitation to attend a public
 meeting. After declinin'* the invitation from
 considerations purely private, he says
 I trust you will see in what I have said,
 sufficient reasons to justify me in declining
 most respectfully, your unexpected but sin
 cerely appreciated invitation, without for a
 moment supposing that I wish to shrink from
 any responsibility, I might incur by accepting
 it. I have already gone too far, 1 well know,
 to lose anything by going farther. In fact I
 have been anxious, not to share in the respon
 sibility of those Southern men, who are op
 posing Gen. Taylor, and have never failed,
 when a proper opportunity offered, distinctly
 and decidedly to avow myself in favor of his
 election. How any slaveholder can hesitate
 between him and Cass, is to tne not only a
 matter of special wonder, but I think the worst
 omen for the South that 1 have seen in my
 time.”
 Permit me to offer you my most ardent
 wishes for ihe success of your efforts to carry
 the vote of our State for this great and good
 man, and to assure you of the high respect
 with which I have the honor to be, very sin
 cerely your obedient servant.”
 J. H. HAMMOND.
Honest Types. —A western Taylor ex
 change speaks of Old Zach as “the thief who
 never surrenders.” Does that mean that he
 will never surrender the men that he has
 stolen, or was it a typographical error in using
 a t for a c l Chronotype.
Gen. Cass and the Wilmot Proviso.—
 Jn his Nicholson letter Gen. Cass Rays:
 I am opposed to the exercise of any ju
 risdiction by Congress over this matter; and I
 am in favor of leaving the people of any ter
 ritory w hich may be hereafter acquired, the
 right to regulate it for themselves, under
 the general principles of the Constitution.—
 Because,
 1. I do not see in the Constitution any
 grant of the requisite power to Congress
 and I am not disposed to extend a doubtful
 precedent beyond its necessity—the establish
 ment of territorial governments when needed
 —leaving to the inhabitants all the rights
 compatible with the relations they bear to the
 confederation.”
 The Washington Union, a paper which
 speaks for the partVj holds the following lan
 guage upon Gen. Cass and the Proviso :j
 At all events, we are happy to under
 stand, by private letters, that General Cass
 firmly stands upon the ground which he has
 taken. Being applied to formally by a man
 or two of rhe Wiluaot stamp, he declared un
 hesitatingly, that he adhered to hn» Nicholson
 letter, and to the Baltimore platform; and
 that if elected President, he should veto the
 Wilmot Proviso.”
 And again it says—
 General Cass’s clear and palpable mean
 ing, and we have felt astonished that any other
 should have been given to it, was to deny to
 both Congress and the territorial government,
 or tlie people of those territories, the exercise
 of this power.”
Africa. Carre ax or Slaters.—The
 British hrig Bream, arrived yesterday, from
 Sierra Leone, having left on the Ist uh. Mr.
 Ketchum, her supercargo, informs us of the
 capture ol four slavers, all Brazilians, which
 were cor 1 inned and burnt at that place.
 One of the vessel*, a brig, prize to the British
 bng Alert, had oo board, w hen captured, 500
 slaves. The schooner Water Witch had
 472. The brig 2&gt;ea Lark SGI. A Spanish
 schooner, among the number, had not yet
 received her cargo- N. Y. Jour. Com.
Ta* Samoa Jiao*a.—The Mayor of Liv
 erpool has received a eowmunieaiiea from
 Lord John Russell, uifmoing bun that her
 Majesty baa directed that the sum of £M
 should be paid to Frederick Jerome from the
 Royal Bounty Fund, ia consequence of his
 gallant conduct in saving lbs Uvsa of aa many
 of the passengers.
 W tflp
Sur«ct.Aß—A St. John’s (Newfoundland) j
 paper publishes* the followh W extract of s'
 letter from Duiutistt, dated £t&gt;Ui September:
 “On Sunday hst, between the hours of 3
 sod 4 in the afternoon, a must strange phen
 omenon (if it may be *o called) was observed
 here, namely the sodden receding of the wa
 ter in this harbor, to such a frightful extent
 that some of the boats grounded at their moor
 mgs oo the collars, and by a return or flow of
 the watei ui a few minutes, to a considerable
 extent, coveting the bedding or floor of the
 fishing stages m the place.
 •Another extract, 25th September, from the
 same place, says
 A most singular occurrence took place
 here yesterday (.Sunday,) 24th. The wind
 in the rooming was from Uie southward, a
 light breeze with very heavy rain; about
 twelve o'clock it veerwl suddenly round to
 North-west and blew hard. One boat had
 come in the evening before from the Bay,
 with a load of timber, and was at her usual
 place all at once the tide ran out of the har
 oors. so that a person may walk out to the
 stage beads.
 Ooe boat lay aground on the collar, at
 her moorings. In about ten minutes more it
 ran in again, and rose so high that it ran up
 Walkhaxn’s Brook into the pond, and con
 tinued rising and fallingaltemately, every ten
 miuutes or so nearly all the afternoon. Some
 of the old people say it was something as it
 was the year Lisbon was destroyed. I hear
 a similar occurrence took place at Catalina,
 and some damage sustained.”
 We understand, says the Halifax R/xorJer,
 that an equally sudden and unaccountable rise
 of the tide was observed to take place in this
 harbor on the same day; but no damage was
 sustained in consequence of it.
In 1825, there was opened in Coclun-China
 a canal 23 miles long, 8 feet wide, and 12
 feet deep. It was begun and finished in six
 weeks, although carried through large forests
 and over extensive marshes. 10,(MX) men
 worked upon it day and night, and it is slated
 that 7,000 died of fatigue.
The Root of all Evil. —A five dollar bill
 of the Fulton Bank passed through the hands
 of the editor of the New York Journal of
 Commerce on Tuesday, on the back of which
 was the following inscription
 This tsthe last of three thousand dollars
 left to me by mv mother at her death, on the
 27th day of August, 1847. Would to God
 she had never left it to me, and that I had
 been learned to work to have earned my liv
 ing I would not be what I am.”
IP 3 The sale of public Lands for the year
 ending June 20, 1848, amounted to $3,537,
 038. The largest amount sold 'in any one
 month, was in October, 18-17, reaching $llB,
 520.
Emigrants for Texas. —A Dublin letter
 in the London Chronicle announces the ap
 proaching departure of an emigration body of
 superior class for Texas, including some
 persons in the rank of gentry,” one ge itle
 man who has been a member of Parliament,
 three Justices of the Peace, persons heretofore
 connected with mercantile and hanking estab
 lishments and a number of well-to-do farmers.
 A clergyman of the established Church will
 accompany the party, with the design to be
 come their pastor in the new home to which
 they are going, where the lands intended to
 be occupied have already been purchased.
(Commercial.
Rochester, Nov. 2,1848.
 During tlie past week there has not been very
 great activity in the innket Wheat ha»'l&gt;ceutaken
 moderately from waggons at $1,50 per cat; mess
 per bill. Lard £©B£; Butter 14045, and
 tlie supply is limited. Cheese 4®6; Eggs 12i;
 Beeswax 20 cts. Dry reaches per bushe l 2 50;
 Phims $2 50.
 Rochester Wholesale Prices Current.
 FLOUR and MEAL—Duty 20 l? c ad v.d
 Flour, bbl 50b© 5 50
 Corn meal, \f bush 50
 PROVISIONS —Duty Beef,Pork,Hams, Bacon,
 Butter and Lard, 20 If e; Cheese 30 \f c ad val
 Pork, (mess 13 30 014 0.)
 Do. in hog 4 59
 R/»pj cwta 4 O')
 IXi. bbl. (mesa) T’fOO 800
 Lard (tried) (f R&gt; 7
 Do. (leaf,) ©..6*
 Hams, (smoked) 7©.. 8
 Shoulders, do. o 4 5
 Turkeys (f lb 0
 Chickens 0
 Potatoes, bush. ..25
 GRAIN—Duty; 20 (f e ad val
 Wlieat, bush 1 06
 Corn 45 50
 Rve .50
 Oats 28
 Barley 50
 HIDES —Duty; 5 If c ad val
 Slaughter 3J
 Calf 10
 Sheep Pelts 12J 25
 SEEDS—Duty; Linseed 10 c; Mustard 20 y
 c ad val
 Clover
 Timothy 125
 Flax 1 00
 FISII —Duty on foreign caught; 20 If C ad val
 White fish bbl 7 00
 Codfish cwt 3 50
 SUNDRIES—
 Salt, (f IM 1 25,
 Apples, (f busk .00
 Do. dried 75
 Eggs, dot 10
 Beaus, If bush 75 100
 Hay, tonj 10 00
 Hard wood
 Soft Wood
PROSPECTUS
 or THE
 LOUISVILLE EXAMINER.
 Published, Weeklv, in Louisvilb, Ky.—being a
 large and kanfeuady prinfci nrw&lt;piper, d-r HeJ
 chiefly to Ufc discussion of ibe emancipation qs«ti.i«
 is Kentucky; an 1 containing in id» interesting family
 reading re'igious anl political intelligence—articles
 (hi agriculture, an 1 the general sens &lt;&gt;f the day.
 Tr uss:—PER ISICS, rmui IS Al&gt;-
 VISCI
 PAUL SEYMOUR, PUBLISHER.
 Till* paper has been in existence nearly a year an 1
 a half, an 1 feu b.**u sliwly extending iu circa'alma
 in lb- slave States. I« the a Iv.icatc of emancipa
 tion in Kentucky, an I has kepi t’irs one otyert coo
 stunk in Tie*, 'seek In calm reas .mag, and In the
 evideate of figures and farts, to show tlie |*-&gt;pje id
 Kmtfurkv the sassy grievous losses they are obliged
 to Loir ill cuosequrwce of slavery IT*.*? connected
 u itii the Examiner have not espoused any one of the
 many plaas of e~ auripntioa -ulmiiiied from time to
 liiue, nor have lb) urge! their own views in tins
 ihi titular, but have confined their action to efforts
 intea led to arouse the P"Wic mind Us rejection on
 this vita Its impirtant subject; feeling sure tiiat alien
 their fell io-ertiaras shall have determined to rid
 themselves of slavery they nil find a nay—that a
 l4an of euia irijiatioJ, just, ha oas and practicable
 a ill be devis il aud upon, and that snSciesi
 w isdom and courage niH be fima i m this tudoved
 ol 1 commonwealth u» carry it out su re..fully. Such
 a plan, wiH, dodbtlem, b= agreed up. m at a meeting of
 the ti iettds of the cause, to be held at »&gt;«e cuureuimi
 auiut sliortlv alter the presi Initial elect im, and ill
 hTadvoralJ l J the E**miner with whatever ability
 llje Examiner dors sot participate in party
 politics. It call 4 am the good and patriotic
 •Seven partv is the Stole to untie is one eoaees
 uwted effStfar the redemption of Kentucky from the
 thrall of slavery. _
 The time is SI hsml&gt;« whtrh the efort is tojhe
 made. .The af the Convention is fargumsug
 mil *l, of ah kraturkinas, sud it is of
 thr firm ianMUart that wr he well i.if armed on S
 aubaect that so vitally concern* as. The coafadun
 n(d*r Enamiuev. therrfcrr, cal! upon the active
 frieads of Easaonpuuoo KruSurky, to md them m
 their efforts to cawed i*s csrcnlsiuss, ami trwvt a
 respond will prof e that the cafi t* made
 is vats.
 F. C*o*»f,
 Juas H. Hit wood, &gt;&amp;hm.
 Noble fctui.
 Jf. B -ksy perns sesi&amp;ug as five asm suborn
 bars writ hs aauilad «e ihs fm mu year.
JUtt PRINTING.
 NORTH STAR OFFICE. U (nM
 1 with mtw Sri Tfm, the exrcuttnn U
 dwcriatioa of Printing with matrte** a*d despatch.
 itAr inral primfarrd),
 HwiMiSf, Rhnk&gt;,
 Programme*, Cireskr*, Bifltaf L*fof,
 Pamphlet*, Card*, {JI.-U, Ac.
NARRVTIVE OF THE LIFE OF FREDER
 ICK DdI’GLVSS, vrittra bj him*rlf. to b*
 had at this otter, pricf 3&gt;&gt; rents.
Open to tht Pubitc, frvm A.M. t* 8 P..V.
 rIE ANTI-SLAVERY OFFICE a*® READ
 ING ROOM. No. 23, RuftaU Street. TW
 Room is neatly furnished, mtd the tables filled with
 ■war of the bc-t Axti-Slnverv, Tempecaace, Reh
 gioos, Political and Literary Papers.
BOOKS, he., Fur Sale at the Atn-Surtu
 Orncr k Rr sniro Roov, No. 25 Buffalo
 Second Stonr opposite the Arcade:
 Narrative of Frederick Douglass.
 Jonathan Walker.
 Portrait
 Spooner on Unconstitntionalitr of Slavery.
 W. Philliits reply to ilo.
 Legion of Liberty.
 Slavery illustrated liy its effect on Woman.
 AL«&gt; a variety of Fancy awl useful articles
 made by the Ladies' Anti-Slavery Society*.
New Watch and Jewelry Store.
 JOHN KEDZIE having change I hi* partnership
 relations, has remove! his Shop two ikxrrs
 North to Ni». 11, Statu Street, where lie is |ircpared
 successfully to compete in the sale of an entire new
 Stock of Goods, consisting of Gold arid Silver
 English, Anchor, Horisontai and Vertical Watches,
 GnM Guard and Fob Chains, Gil#&gt;Bcnh» and Keys,
 Goll an! Silver Pencils, Spectacle* and Thimbles,
 Gold Bracelets, and Finger-Rings— a
 good assortment, cheap; a variety of Ladies’and
 Gentlemen's Breast-Pins, new stile; double aad
 single Hunting gold awl plate I Lockets, Gold Pens,
 best qnality, Silver and Shell Conilis and Cases,
 Fine Cutlery, &amp;c. &amp;c.
 The above an I a variety of other desirable Goods
 usually kept in our business, are offered on more ad
 vantage &gt;u* terms tlun usual; and it is particularly
 desired tiirtt the goods sli.mil I lie examined, awl
 prices ascertained, before purchasing el.-ewhere in
 this market.
 We manufacture and keep on hand a goo! assort
 ment of Silver Spoons, warrants I as pure as Ame
 rican coin.
 Will also keep an assortment of Acc irdeon* and
 other .Musical Instruments, which w ill be sold very
 low.
 W e intend Ui keep a good assortment of the best
 Brass Eight- lay, 30 hour, and alannn Clocks, as can
 be found in this city.—Call and see them.
 WATCH REPAIRING, faithfully done and war
 ranted by an experienced workman.
 Farther particulars at No. 11 State Street.
 J. KEDZIE Co.
 P- S.—To the Farmers in particular we would
 give notice, that we have a variety of Barometers
 which will give that know ledge of the cl.aag-s of the
 weather, so as to lie able to a lopt his business to its
 variations. Phrase call and examine them, as every
 man ought to have one.
 Sep. 13,1818. 6m.
DR. A. CLARK,
 DENTAL SURGEON.
 I would respectfully inf &gt;rm the citizens of Rocliester
 and surrouu ling country, t!»at I have removed mv
 office from No. 89 Smith's Arcade to iny dwelling
 house No. 92 Monroe Street.
 ifctnklnl fir past ftvors in the line of my profes
 sion, an i liattering myself that I can give perfect
 satisfaction to all who may favor in;&gt; with their pa
 tronage. I would invite all those who are de
 sirous ofhavmg operations perfume 1 on the teeth or
 of having teeth inserted to. call on me and satisfy
 themselves.
 A. CLARK.
 N. B. All operations performed by me on tlte
 teeth and Plate Work warranted.
 Rochester, Oct. 13, 1848. tf.
NE»V PU.IIP FACTORY.
 THE subscrilier takes tliis moths! to infirm the
 citizens of R u-heater and vicinity, that he has 1
 just established a Pump Factory, at number 224,
 Main street, wh;re lie will lie happy to wait upon all
 who may favor him with their patronage.
 II aving had considerable experience in his line of
 business, lie pledges himself to famish as good an
 article, and of as good material, as can lie procured
 at any other similar establishment in this city. His
 Pumps are furnished with either wood or lead pipe,
 as may suit customers. He also suspplies, to order,
 every description of Aqueduct Logs, or Lead Pipe.
 The sifbscriber will tike pleasure in directing such
 of his customers as may re pure the information, to
 competent workmen, who will attend to all calls for
 digging, drilling, or blasting wells, promptly, and at
 reasonable rates. All kinds of Pumps repaired to
 order.
 ClCf The abive work will be furnished at the
 lowest prices, fir cash. Persons will do well to
 give him a call before piircliasing elsewhere.
 J. R. FELT.
 Rochester, July 14, 1848. 1y29
Cash Grocery and Provision Store.
 No. 133, Main street, corner of North street.
 (Old Stand of Edward Bardwell.)
 JUST received, an 1 will lie kept constantly on
 haul, an extensive and complete assortment o
 Groceries and Provisions.
 A large lot of Groceries just receive 1, bought in
 New York, at the lowest of the very low prices of
 the present se:ison.
 Sugars, from a good article at 5 cents per Hi. to
 the best crushed and powdered.
 Clear, heavy Porto Rico, C mstantia and New
 Orleans Molasses, very low for ’he &lt;j'«alitv.
 Mackerel, .Shad, Codfish, Ric*, Raisins, w hole
 and ground Spices, Fruits, and all the articles, t*&gt;
 numerous to mention, which make a full variety to
 supply every want of lamilit s or dealers.
 Choice fresh Green and Black Teas.
 Extra Old Java and other Coffer s.
 Cash paid for produce and provisions.
 The attention of farmers, city fionilies an 1 dealers
 is respectfully Those who have long fre
 quented this well known »tan 1 are invited to con
 tinue their patronage, and all in want of goods in
 my line, are invited to examine my assortment and
 prices.
 1 sell for C&lt;uk only, and can therefore afford to
 s -II low. A new lot of gsad* expected from New
 York in a few days. 1 intend to make arrange
 ments S'Km to keep a supply of Fret Lalk/r Grnrenm.
 Customers shall lie assured of as much reality as
 pretence in the quality and price of toy goods.
 0. B. JSTEBBIN3.
 Rochester, July, Sm 29
\e.v and Spread-Hand ilotbiag,
 At 13, Ex 4 rare Stre/J, H-ckeMer.
 LI/ )V 1) SCOTT w-st'd most respectfully inform
 his trleads and die Puida: g-o rally, Util he has
 constantly on h-ui 1 an excellcat assortment of New
 awl S.-rcmd Hand Ckitliing, such as Coin, Panta
 loons, Vests, &amp;c., with which be will supply
 Customers at the most rcaamabk- Prices.
 L. S. desires also to infirm lie? Pnldic, that lie
 atti-n Is to repairing ami renovating, which he war
 rants u&gt; be ilone at the cheapest rate, and in the
 best and neatest puoiliie ina.ua-r. His long excell
 ence in the business warrants hiiu in as.wing all
 who may patronise him, that his work shall he tinae
 to their entire satisfaction.
 Rochester, July 11, 11313.
THINKS! TBI.IKS!
 r niF. first i.'aßn of article is to lie had at LAING
 Xg4( BU.3.VEI.f.'jJ new ihu!4idiwnt, No. o'),
 Sole .'*trwrf, Roehe»ter. AU- a general aswort
 meiit of Vhiiio Trarelli-»g Bags, Jtc., which are
 offered at the very lowest prices Car Cash,
 Carrijfce Tri.u.iMtig e*cruL-d in the latest style
 and wiadirpatrh, ley J. T. Lsiiag, at his old stand
 in .Stale Htfret, opposite the Mammal lf«us-.
 J. T. L. ha*i tg had extensive -nre in the
 Eastern market*, to give sati-farum to a
 generous puidic who shall Lvov him with their pa
 u image.
 R-a-hrstcr, Jsrfy 14,1313. 3m
AUBURN aaJ ROCHESTER
 UAIL.RO AD
 ON and after 3*.»hy, 231 Ort J»er the three Pas*,
 eager Trains w ill be arra *g*nt as fidfi.ws—
 EuTWiiß. —To leave Rochester at 4 a.m., 11
 t.v., awl 4| f
 Wtirsiih. To leave Adbura at 2£ 4
 A.M., ami 4| r.a.
 No Train leaves Rorlsitcr Eastward on HootLj
 si 11 i. u. m at 7J r.a.
 No Train Wares Auburn Westward on .*3oadby ,al
 4| a. nor on M«u&gt;iai at 2j A.a.
 O«id after the l»t Noveodbev, the fire between
 Ror firmer and Afihmm witl be #2 Si in first etas*
 earn. Ticket* w.Uako he unfit ewtniiag the holder
 to a seat in the RmigranuMliAcaviog Rochester at
 74 r. a., at puidmhH kcreaf-
 Thw ticket* arc U» Sync me,
 Utica and Afcmv only, gwugEaet. This train m
 t ar*d to ran to Albany in 19 fimre from R teheeusr.
 Tfie other Mn train, am tun-d b ran there in 14
 It i iff s irafti
 WILEY. Superb** k&gt;L
 Rachc-wr, Oct, 20,1548.
F*ST AND WILLIS. Drsdrr* m Dreg*. Mreb-
 Cinr*. Ormiral*. Dye Staff*. Paint*. V*r»u*h.
 Oil*. Hrnske., tVrfumrry. fv
 VV'.t l,lk ***d German O—tnr-*!*. Artist*’
 isdierf. Brushes and Canvas*, bhevial OU, t«Ai
 Leaf ni toil, hr. he,
 Brin* A font* for met of dir ceWxatnl FaaiiK
 and vaMabk Patent Medicine*. aral receiving the
 *amr directly frwi the M atm fart urer* a* tbrir Aflrnt*.
 thrv are enabled to supply all unite* at whuknaie
 ami retail, on the na»*t £»»arable trims.
 HlißWiyaHiir lbs As, MolinMv, atal Family
 Ca«e». nidi full directtuo*. Only agents fur West
 ern Nrw York.
 Also, Sherwood’« Vibratory Magnetic Machine*,
 akk iHfrrfjnw.
 Phosgene Gas; iho Ethorial OR atal Lamp*, for
 banting the samr. Those who wmld consult eco
 nomy and rnnve-uienre are ins itni to eEamirtr th e
 Lamp*. Thr attention of C-sinrv Merchants, Phy
 sicians, Families, ami others, wishing f*«!» in the
 above linr, is requested at the APOTHECARIES*
 HALL, 4, Exchange Strict.
 FI R A\!&gt; SILK H ATS.
 Farrington prick, mmofictnrer and
 ileak'r in Fnr am! Siik Hats, Cloth and Fur
 Cap*, Indies’ Furs and Trimming*. Buffalo Kolea
 and an assortment of Hat C.ij«, l iuhtlbj, kr.,
 Str. he.. No. 2, St. Pmil Street, Minerva Block.
 OCf A usual supply of Buckskin Glove* and
 Mitten*
 ROCHESTER SIIOF AND LEATHER
 JOBBING UGUSI'.
 THE fJwrribers at No. 22 State street, tike pla
 »ure in aim .uncing to the puMic that tiiev have
 complied arrangements by which they are enabled
 to oiler the most satisfactory indur-ments to all en
 gaged in the sale or unaufaettire of Boots and Shoes,
 to come to tliis market for a supply.
 Tliey are also offering on the m #st favorable terms,
 a birge Mock of Sole an I 1 .outlier. Kip, (*lf,
 and .Morocco Skins, with a full assortment of Find
 ing, including Lasts, Pegs, &amp;c. I kalis will find it.
 greatly to their interest to examine our stock before
 purchasing elsewhere.
 jy 19 SAGE PANCOST.
 PRINTING PAPR AGENCY.
 VT r E are Agent* for die Bu nin Paper Mills,
 where Pa|x’r of the liest quality is made from
 pure M*i»2 water, very white and smooth. A sup
 ply of New s and Book Paper kept constantly for
 sale by ns, at Mill prices, in large or small lots.
 Any size ami quality of Paper not on hand, fur
 nished at short notice.
 Printers and others will do well to call and exam
 ine die quality and price, at No. 6 Exchange st.
 FISHER Co.
 j\2l Bmiksellers and Publishers.
 OWEN M O RRTS’ CITY BINDERY
 under thf museuh—late FISH IK WORK IS.
 MR. .MORRIS was in the employ of Mr. Maicu*
 Morse for seven years, and during that time
 |&gt;roeured for hi n three Silver Me !als, for the liest
 specimens of Book Binding, exhibited at the Me
 chanics’ Fairs hold in this city and Buffalo.
 Gentlemen’* Libraries fitted up and repaired
 Music Pap-er ruled; Music and l’erimlicals lniiuid
 and linished to any pattern. Blank Account Books
 executed at this establishment have given unequalled
 satisfaction, by tludr durability and ek ganee. r»ti ict
 attention is always paid to tlie quality of |mpcr used,
 to reu ler tlu in equal to tlie liest in the United States
 or those imported.
 Ladies’ Scrap and Guard Books, Albums and
 Portfolios, in all tlieir varieties, manufactured to
 order in the best style.
 Banks, Institutions, Societies, &amp;c., may be
 assured of work being done oil the most advantageous
 terms.
 Gentlemen residing at a distance, by packing and
 forwarding volumes to the al ove dirnctioiis, stating
 price and style, may rely opsin their being well bound
 on the in ist fivorablc terms, also carefully and
 punctually returned.
 N.B. I'lie proprietor has spared no expense in
 fitting up the establishment, and introducing into
 Western New York tlie latest improvements in
 Book B i filling.
 OWEN MORRIS,
 City Bindery, under the Mnseum.
Important to Farmers.
 TDE’S Patent Wheel Cultivator and Wire Gras*
 L Plow. The Farming Public are hereby informed
 tlia* Letters Patent have Imen taken out by the Suli
 scriber for his recent great improvement* in the con
 struction an I manufacture of F i ki.i&gt; Cl) i,tiv atous
 an improvement so great as to entirely revolutionize
 tlie whole system of farming, by reducing the expense
 one-half or more. Wherever they have been intro
 'faced, they have met the dcci led approbation oi
 firmcrs, as the following certificates from the intel
 ligent and practical tanners whose names are
 attached, abua lantly show:
 CERTIFICATES.
 This may certify that we, the Subscriber*, have
 seen and use I the Patent Wheel Cultivator, invented
 bv Nath ax lux, of Shelby, Oilcans Co., New
 Y’ork, and Isdieve it to be, as a labor-saving ma
 chine, one of the greatest improvements of the age.
 By it, a farmer can put in from ten to fifteen acres
 more of wheat in a year, with the shim amount of
 team lalxir; he can also now it in much tletter order.
 By it also Canada thistle* and other noxious weeds
 may lx; totally extirpated. Said machine is so ron
 structed tint it can be regulated to go any depth, bv
 means of screws on the upper part of tlie machine,
 ami thus either plow tip the ground thoroughly, oi
 only just brush the surface. Upon the whole, w
 think it decidedly the liest machine ever inv nted for
 pulverizing the ground ail I ficilitatiug the labor of
 i!ie Farmer, and as such we cheerfully recommend it
 to our brother farmers.
 James H. lie Hey, Jams fde
 E'u&gt;s Newman, J ihn Steven*,
 Jofni C. h -tier, llartes Iledk-y,
 Gardner Berry, James P. Anlcrson,
 Slielby, Co., April 23, |B|S.
 We, the un lersig icd, purchased one of Nathan
 lie’s Patent Cultivators last Fall, arid found it
 answer tlx* purpose so well, that we liave this Spring
 inn le purchase of another. We can wrirh this PI i\\
 prepare with two !i irs.:.-, eight acres of land iier day
 fir wheat, and it is nutch Ist ter done than l&gt;v llir
 oldplnv*; and the land [s pared by this Cultivator
 will yield 5 bush, per acre more.
 Eld CHURCH.
 Riga, June, ISIS. DENNIS CHURCH.
 After these testim minis, the Suluu-rib-r deems it
 unnecessary to enter into a long and elaborate des
 cription of the implement, with its various modes of
 operation. To b»- fully appreciat *d, it must lx* s -en
 an I used. No fanner w'w tally uoflerstan l* his
 interest will be without our, a* it is an iuvaluaLle
 implement.
 NATH kX IDE, Patentee.
 S'e-Hiv, f&gt;rlr-3!is Co., N. V., July 1848.
 IDE’S Patent Cultivator is manufactured In
 LEX I WELLS, Buffalo Street, near the Bull’s
 Head, Ro&lt; !H-ster, N. V., where- firmer* ate invited
 to cull an I exam in.- for th mselves.
itOSTOV \M EETigEDIEJITS.
NEW BOOKS..
 FOR Stl.E at the Anti-iluveryr Depository, 21,
 Cornhill—namely,
 'ldle Lils rtv Bell fur 1343. A few copies remain.
 Life of William W. Brown, 2d Edition, m i h artdi
 ttonal matter ami new engraving*. Price, bound,
 37J cts; in paper cover*, 2-5 et*.
 Mr. Sbaekford’s Ajjpfal in regard to the War with
 Mexico, 124 cts.
 Position and Duties of l!ie North, with regard to
 Slavery. Bjr Awlrt* I', fcaloiiy. 5 cts.
 .Six Mouths at (Jraefealicr?. By llenrv C. V\ rigid,
 fljtt.
 Dm k Crowningvhiel I, the area**in, and Zachary
 Taylor, tlie SokJier; tlie Difference Istnei-ii
 ti-etM. By Henry C. Wright. 3 rts. single; 25
 cts. per Oozen.'
CLARKSON,
 LONDON EDITION—WITH PORTRAIT.
 FEW r*«i« of CL\kK&gt;*»N’.3 111 'TOR
 XI OF THE ABOLITION OF THE RI.AIK
 TK %1)E, with prefat. ry remark* nn to jl-at&gt;p«ent
 alsdiUoD of Siivivy; a beaic.lul lou-ka eatioii,
 with a fine Portrait of the Aud* r, ilo.s- oa Hr. I, —a
 I**A win h mold «U h-* ioysrtej t'-r I*-.- tk.ii three
 dollar*, c-01 t* had at 21, t &lt;r&gt;«liii!, if applied tor
 inane.iia'rlv, at Us- very low pore &gt;A Oar. Dot I a a.
 cash. Also, EULOGIUM ON CI.AKKMON, l&gt;y
 dimm* Cat? a MULL, at the re&gt;MSte*l price ol
 tw cite an 1 a half«fiat*.
MACON B. ALLEN, Anro t aud Cmtacllur
 at Law, Maseai fiuw-u* lihrk.
 BOVS’ CLOTH ING
 OAR I EL WIJLBON, 10, Brxuk Burnt, haviieg
 t J mole reemt additions to hi* .to k, is isepar-vi to
 furnish lit )i S CLOTHING, &lt;f as t&gt;**i material
 and fit, and at as cfitaip prices, as ran be obtained in
 the city.
 NEW ENGLAND SECOND HAND
 Cl/milNO STORE,
 No. M, Untoa «f skit, Huirs*.
 JOJIN WRIGHT keeps canUantly an kmmi a
 «r«« vttietv of New and S3eom&lt;t Hand &lt;4&lt;«W
 Gmak of sB kinds, nnefi m &lt;M efirfhe*. I-
 W ate fins, Boot* and Kfim, A*.. r%*+m
 riothmg. Cush advnncml «n nil hunk "f
 from one to enr him And AJknt*
 ISAAC H. *TOiri)CI.M,
 ranee J** IVfinsr, -*rv mrert.
 AW ondns prmnpdy nMcndnd in, and nnatK
 dMUd
HOME FOR REFORMERS.
 THE Mtl Ttiber h*&lt; removed to that ar«t, o»»e
 -own*, sml centratl.iunluigjMme, No. 21 Uentrol
 U.-tnl, where he will lx aw »i h»pyy to weVome imr
 oi the Friend* of Rrltw, it riu*cn*We rimrge*.—
 He ui*hr* hi* Krtme to be the ceuttml plaee m
 km, where the frimdtofTnupnnrf, reuce, Parity,
 Fn-nimi, the Pnomer. Ike., may meet together, and
 **q&lt;.» a nmikxtaUe ukl qmcl hme.
 Ueotrai Count open* at 23* Washington ttntt.
 JOHN M. SPEAR-
 Ik***"*, Awg, 21, IBIH*
 THOMAS P. SMITH, No. 38. BrMtie Bhmt.
 As gn ih. (iAk* Butt. New ami Sceoml
 htoxl t k.thiug St.ee.
 Thf ftasf'arhnsrtts QuarterlyßfTifW,
 MjMMBNURD m, ff.. I&lt;M7&gt;
 V to V 4no tiw 1,1 ,g Marrk. June. »ed
 11 r N interest
 0f... r rt&gt; r ,-bs,. but it* wm'neter. ewW
 v.r t- present an .gen ami fair firi* ,hr n, AtC9
 ami Mvinxn &lt;4‘ nttettt pettamins to Ph.kmgvbv,
 K Liltiatim*. li. l,gkin, ami Humanity.
 I be Review be 1 .m.iwrt.H| In R. wr
 *wvd-ne Parker, ami J. F.ii»ot’Calx&gt;t, ossutnl
 f d gmlk-um.
 Each ntimlwr will contain about 125 pages, at tl-«
 puce i f ?;!a \	ar, in advance.
 t -uii-nuenaitmu,, *uiwcription», 4iC. shonki In
 -lutiusiej to the Pubbsla-rs,
 COOI.IDGE A WILEY,
 M aur Street, B&gt; »ton
IpillKkT Momus, J.., Alton,,
 I t sellor at l-am Biaier s Buikling, State Street
 Boston.
TOHN I). RF.XAI.EON, Hair Umtiog Sah**,
 O ami Perfumery Unqtmnm, 114, “hriirtutw it
\EHT YORK ADVERTISEMENTS.
T I ST PI BLISHF.D.and fi&gt;r sale at the olh&lt;e of
 tJ of the Ami Slavery Standard—
 lh» Legion of LalsTty, and Force of Tnilli, lOtl*
 edition.
 1 l.is work rtiufafh* alsmt 230 |xtgcs of rinse
 reading; ;400 eminent authorities, and alsmt sixty
 illustrative engravings. Price 37Jcts. in inusiiu,
 and 25 tent* in paper cover*. A vetv di*-
 eoum to tiii .-e who nr. hast- a number of copies.
 Ihe t midhion, Inilaenri'. Rights, and \|&gt;|x al of
 Women,from various authors, f2.J rents.
 Letter to tlie People nt il&gt;*&gt; mlcd State*, touching
 tiie Matter Slavery. By I'hetxlore Patker.—
 pp. 120. Pi ire ISJ cents."
 XX m. XX Brown’s 1-eriiue Lx-forr tlie Femak A S.
 Society ot Sidein, Mass, lb ported bv 11. JJL
 Parkhinst, Boston—pp. 22. Price 5 cent*. w
 WILLIAM S. POXX EEL, Sailor’s Home, Cl,
 &gt;V Clierry Street.
 DR. J. M’CUNE SMITH, 98, West Broad
 way.
U JI.VMNtiS, Surgeon. Dentist, 185, North
 A Broadway.
 JOSEPH HOLLY, Boot and Shoe Maker,
 tf Nn. 97, Cranltery Street, Brooklyn.
 N.li. R pairing neatly executed at tlie shortest
 notice and on the most re'usouahle terms.
 A. WHITE, Druggist, corner o t Frank
 A fort ami Gold Street.
GFXTKEL HOARDING lIOUSF*
 111 ARLES lIIGIIGATE, would respectfullv in
 vv form his trie.ids and the pubiie, that ne rontiniH*
 to devote every attention to those pleased to favu*
 hi* home” w ith a riill. The house is pleasantly
 located at 2 Broadway, Albany.
 Feb. 18, 1848.
WILLIAM RICH, Hair Dressing and Bathing
 Saloon, Troy House, Troy, New York.
 NEW PUIILIGATIONS,"
 WILL BE READY IN A FEW DAYS,
 \X ai.kt.r’s Appeal, with a brief sketch of
 his life by Ilniry High/tmd (innut.
 Also, Gaii net’s Athlrna u&gt; tkr ft}rrrea of thr Uni•
 ttil States. This address was rejected by lire Na
 tional Convention at Buffalo in i 843. lire orfifbm
 is small, ami those who desire copies will do well to
 send m their orders early.
 JUM’ PI BI.LBHED, a Lecture entitled Th*
 1 AST AND I h r.s kNT Conditio* op the Color
 ED Race, by Henry Highland Gurnet.
 Published at Troy, N. V. Orders attended to.
 April 28, Sin.
Cfiiera! Offiff.
 UJEO. \V. GOENES having opened an Fetabiish-
 AI meat at tlm Philadelphia Institute
 IsnuUird Street, afxve Sev.-mh, f. r the pnrpose „f
 j procuring honest n„d faithful domestics for tlm-e
 who nmy require them, ami obtaining places for
 such as are qualified and in want thereof, liegs leave
 t.i rel.-r to the following named gentlemen, wliohavn
 unity permitted the use of tlit ir names us
 K K P t H E N C V s
 An rew M dakin Editor of die American Courier
 Rolx rr .M.,ms, Editor of th- Inquire,
 J;is|«t Harding, Piiblisln r of the |,„,uirer
 i Charles J. Pett rson, E litor of Neal’s Gazette
 I bos Bf I ire ire, Kit,r of l imes Key-tontf
 i Rolanl Howell, XS, he.snut Street
 Hnliiiiti J. Mullen, 278, Uniherinc ttlrret
 Philadelphia, Sept. 1, 1848. Iv—36.
lAH. D. J. PE( K, I’hy-ician n&lt;pl Surgeon. Phi-
 P hi a lpmu Institute, Lombard St.eel, uU.vb
 Seventh. !y —B6
FREE PRODUCT: ST&lt; RE.
 V"EU GOOD,* just rerived. General reduction
 I i:n i 4-4 IViuts, vjkii /H.-
 New ftyles of Prints of medium ipmlil), usual width.
 I irn- and u ide I’.qs r Muslins. Also Colored
 lartinri'd.
 U A i i i Upu Sl, l &gt;ei r fin* Chintz Umbrellas.
 Oil Cloths.
 Sa&gt;m. ts, good and cheap. Also on hand, mostly at
 re lured prices, Ginghams, various qualities and
 styles.
 l ine and heavy Shirting, Sliectn#gs, and Pißm
 MuRiIUjI.
 Striisul Cambrii s. Fira- 6-4 I’Uid Muslin.
 Mtit* I-T»no, fit.iii) aiif! n#-allv all wool
 Isiut ih&gt;, v\ iiir.inicfi free Iroiii cotton,
 t Lumels 1-1 gissl and price low. Canton flannels,
 white ami coloied.
 I nine l)i;i| r a id I- ths, of difli-:e,it stiles,
 \proii an f Furniture dirrk. Cotton Hatilkerrhief*.
 Cotiui Twilled Pantaloon .Sturts. Alsu Linen
 Dulling, k
 Isnig ami half H* se, fine and la avv.
 Ktthtmg Cotton, ta.ioas N
 colored.
 \S a.lding, white and colored Cotfon fmf*. AUo,
 Refined Dial, 1 nsli' il, and I'ulierizerl Sugar.
 Brown Sugar, go-«| ipmlity.ol various gra*J«*.
 lis wil l. Sk \ri ;*ivt ly Free D.tsrv Goods,
 Ui which rls- .s dacnls-r would iiiri*e ftw atteutiosi
 •*t c Afcitry lie n ItnaD, as well aa hi* friemk and the
 pnl be WM-ridly.
 MiKigpuius taken by the Manager* of tie- Fran
 I ro-lure aim* ialHiu, to assist the Mut&lt;*r uhMr to ct»-
 lar.u the tucoilmeut from time to tnu.-,
 GEORGE W. TAYLOR,
 Fifth awd Cberry-*u.
 1 mUdelpfeia Zl mo. la, &amp;t3|H. tf
Fn c Lalier Goods.
 AT 1M k Vf II RED I/I rile American Free Pro*
 once .be* ,„i,..8, an.l fin- .sis at No. *l, North
 lif-b-stieet, Philr klpini.:
 -I 1 ch &gt;Ur bwr ium Hu-I ks, Apron »m! Fur-
 RilHO am-Ki 1 bound, uilAarM; Mleim,
 Ui i*r *S f»f *A%» Ifltlilliri HBfl
 !l thin Mu..in f.»r btititg., ir-'Wti *i*l r,.lnert 1 j
 Bird Ey* Tow L.} lU&lt; k and white IVstUlii-g;
 Eim[, nk Bed Tukiig, an e»-
 «dieut artick; C*!ko, .'-Mak.ugs, kuiUri g Co«o«,
 itr. fcc.
 Or.ler* (&gt;r Goods, or fitter* deeii ii»g isfinnsissi
 aifilre.red b&gt; J. Milkr Mcßhw. 41. Nmhfi
 1 .itlhur «t, |&gt;a«H-l 1.. Miihrr, IVutii HlW&lt; i or U»
 J*"" MdS, No. ki, \mt b A'lry.
 A kirg sal hau 'sotoe s—oVtiianit of PindX 0»W
 &lt;m lists:. yul—tf
Acll-Slarpry OJrf.
 j .Vo. 31, .Xvrt A Fifth &amp;reti, FhitmLlphur.
 A HU.
 ,1 M D&lt;s osiiust') ommmntm
 vareetv of raserlfimc-* |s*lic-ramr. mi mmOd
 ami Fancy Mfeoamrry*
 Ah kt«-«s rekima to the Imaiuera of the ofkra
 10 Is ilirertnl to J. Miller McKba, SI, Norik
 FrftV•*/« Po.UV-‘H»«- yl -&lt;t
 THE DELAWARE ABOLITIONU»T~
 A PAPER of the above mm wiH k nsMisin f m
 M.loiiogtim, fiy tfie Delaware Awti^k.m
 .SocMty. It uiU be reltiod by a Ci— inlet, and wdt
 |mbß»k*«l cm a half tSMimm sbrrt. al twenty-fi*u
 cents pe year, or far tweutydimr mmibrrv. liw.Bh*
 devoted to dwiyuM mi Delaware, ami wiH ms
 vis-ste it* «r• &lt;mn4-&gt;lwsroi b* all lawful mtmtm ft
 will fs* phUntsJ vui-aw.i’U), if mrajM are af
 forded, Of aa ofW.l a* til senu u, Iv ad tana d.
 JAML.'v H BHUOKF.
 I‘ulduhtng t i«.
