fliia state ot things hnd been induced
 *«nd incorporated with my very betas;.
 I'hese fact*, which lie'could have
 knowh but through his experience
 with that (acuity ot* feeling, Ibr th»*v
 w ore mostly known only to myself, de
 manded my onfiden-e in his capacity
 I entered th'* course, which lie thought
 would require from three to six months.
 A chronic muciH inflammation nf thr
 ytnrmnch, had been raoidly advancing
 to nervous inflammation, confirming
 dyspepsia of both species and had ex
 tended to the liver, glandular sy»*ett
 generally, an! brain, i.itching in the
 di«nrder all the mental function*, will
 thnse of sensation, sleep, and digestion
 The co'aoeous development of the dix
 ease from the mucus membrane, hither
 to salutary and stl’.l sufficiently disa
 greeable, %va* no longer sufficient r
 •heck its internal progress. And, ti
 nallv, the disorder, now making sac!
 rapid devastation, had become ingrain
 od through my constitution, durin,
 years of active exercise, and rigid «&gt;b
 servanee of Physilogjcal laws in diet
 bathing, etc. On one hand, medicine
 drugs and poison had exhausted thei
 efleets upon ine—and on the other, mil
 means were mockery. Water, as her
 applied to me, was neither. Vet si
 weeks of packing, plunging, douching
 drenching, sifz baths, dunking, and th
 rest ot the bathing catalogue, with cor
 responding exercise, and diet pure!
 vegetable, seemed inefficient for gon
 or ill. 1 hen the roused disease In
 case became manifest, in reversed se
 r;es of all former symptoms. It sough
 the weakest point of the system wi*
 violent concentration, aecompanied h
 a re-development ot a forgotten tvphu
 fever. By the skilful application of th'
 same single agent, flic fever was a
 once eradicated, and the accumulate!
 inflammation dispelled in the desired di
 rection; when the wet wrapper, won
 during the course, began to take its le
 gitnnate effect; and with it approaches
 the first relief from my maladies.
 circle of the body a foot in width wai
 suppurated. After two weeks, this wa
 succeeded by a series of boils, various
 ly located, which for six weeks kept
 constant drain upon inflammatory ac
 lion, and morbific deposits within. Tie
 enemy was now evacuating the citade
 of life, with u!l his forces in motion: am
 every inch lie abandnndcd was an
 nounced by a joyous bound of the op
 pressed vital functions, to their long los
 sphere.
 Where verdigris was 0 years ag&lt;
 absorbed into the system, from the sam&lt;
 point* it was now seen issuing in it:
 uniform of bright green, contrasting
 beautifully with the neighboring troop:
 of the mercurial guard in the nationa
 blue, always accompanied by the staf
 of iodine, in regimentals of tenacioui
 yellow, decked with white facings o!
 arsenic. Nor was this parade all a
 show; it was not without a smelt ol
 Tartarean sulphur. At length the last
 column wheeled, and turned the angle
 of my chill in hot haste, issuing from a
 huge mound it had thrown up there;
 and the last vestige of disease had left
 me. The inflammation meanwhile, in
 retracing the steps of its advance, bad
 revived an irritation of the lungs,
 which, at a former time, had been sub
 dued with difficulty, but now soon be
 came extinct. The next step in the re
 treat was n reproduction, for the first
 lime, of the same “common cold’
 by which this division of the invader
 bad first entered, and with which it now
 departed. A clean tongue and cuticle
 returned after an absence of eight or
 nine years. The torment of an insa
 tiable and imperious appetite gave place
 to a comparatively refined r-uti»...ciiou
 of ease, moderation and content, in all
 the digestive and gustatory functions.—
 Dismal clouds of hypochondriasis, iras
 cibility, and every discomfort from ce
 rebral irritation, vanished in a smile of
 sunshine, bursting over all the prospect.
 A temperament, parched, as if by the
 ardor of a Southern Sun,” had sub
 sided to a calm composure', as if of our
 own mild meridian. My entire physi
 cal being was renovated and restored
 to the integrity of pure nature. And
 again was presented before me the
 world’s, course of business, study and
 life. Who, when life is the considera
 tion, would hesitate, in the outset, at
 least, to sequestrate an installment of
 months of cold, drenching cold and
 comfort, with the expense of a hundred
 dollars or more, though those were yet
 colder and time less licet. I this day
 land from my eighteen weeks voyage of
 water cure, which ha* not been alto
 gether one of fair sailing, but often in
 tile slough of despond, which none in
 these travels escape. I now leave my
 whole bundle of thugs and diseases be
 hind, and none of my fellow travellers
 have left here a bigger bundle. For
 Dr. Haggles, let it be said, his skill and
 acute perception have been sufficient at
 every critical point, to direct the most
 salutary course. His frame is sturdy
 enough to bear the commingled infirmi
 ties ot a multitude of shattered human
 machines, including the croaking of
 him who is well enough—is b-bil
 ious,” the O, dear! what shall 1 do”
 salutation of gout, the nervous never
 could endure it! it’s awful!” the gen
 eral grumbling of the iiispeptic’s dis
 tress iu his stomach, hypochondriac
 growls, etc., and the endless essays of
 each upon—eatjm;. llis water is un
 rivalled for purity, and the sparkle and
 stimulus of carbon, as the appetite and
 locomotion of many can utt&lt; st. And
 many more will d-mbth-s* contribute
 their gratitude to those friends of Hy
 dropathy, by nvhosc liberal aid the
 Northampton Water Cure has been
 promoted to its present flourishing con
 dition. J. HrvriN«,To\.
 Northampton, Nov. Ift, I^l7.
 Fksklin.—Franklin was an o!»si rving and
 sensible man, and bis cow-Icmohs were seldom
 incorrect. 1!&lt; said:
 A new spaper and a Hible in every house;
 and a good school m every district—all studied
 and appreciated as they merit ar&lt;* the priu
 ciptl support of virtue, morality and civil lib
 erty.”
 PEACE PKINCTIM.ES.
 W'n.r.tAM font) illestrales the principles of"
 jea-e liy the following anecdoto*:
 “I had,” said he, a fine field nf grain,
 growing upHi an out-farm, sonic distant*’
 from the homestead. Whenever 1 rode by, I
 saw my iieighb ir Jbi!s:fer's sheep j n ih lot.
 destroying inv hop--* of a harvest. These
 slr-i-p ut re of fh° g i.m'. kmg-S- u'g* &lt;1 kuid.
active tufspanicts; tbrv could spnnp over th
 lugtv'st tVjcc. and no wall could keep ihcd
 «ut. 1 emflftaincd to neighbor Pufcwfrr abou
 th,*m—s-u* him frequent uv&gt;«flfre«. but a]
 without avail. Perhaps they touM be kep
 out f*»r a dtr or two; but the leg* id" hi
 *V-'p were Jo -g. and my grain rather nv»r
 t&lt;&gt;:n ding than the adjoining pasture. 1 rod
 In again: th sber*p were all there l boron
 .ngry, a a I told the m n to act the dog* o
 them, and if that would not do, 1 would pa
 i! they would shoot them.
 I r ide awar, much agitated; for 1 wa
 th *n not »o much of a price man as 1 at
 now nod I f-’t, literally, full of fight. A
 at twice a light flashed upon me. f ask*
 myself, U oul.l it not be well for vo»i to ti
 i tri your cw n conduct, th" peace principle vti
 arc preaching to others 1 I thought it a
 oy.-m, and settled down my mind aa to tt
 Ik**! course to I&gt;* pursued.
 The next d ly I rode over to ace nrighb*
 PiiLofer. I found him chopping wood at h
 i door. Good inoriiing, neighbor. No a:
 nwer. Good morning, I repealed. He gat
 i n kind of grunt like a bog, without kiokir
 up. I came, continued I, to ikv you shot
 the At this h? threw down bis an
 and exclaimed, in a most ancrv manner,-
 Now, aren't you a pretty neighbor, to ti
 vour men to kill my sheep! 1 heard of i
 A rich man, like you, to shoot a pour man
 r, !»l»c?p!’
 j 1 was wrong, neighbor, said 1; but it ivm
 do to let your sheep eat up all that grain; i
 I came over u i say, that I would take yoi
 sheep to rny homestead pasture. and put the
 with mine; and in the fall you m-ir take the
 hick, and if any one of them is missing, yc
 may take vour pick out of my whole flock.
 Pulsifcr looked coufoundnd he did n&lt;
 j know how to take me. At last he stamraen
 out:
 Now. ’Squire, arc you in earnest
 (Jertainly I am. I answered: it is better f
 1 me to f.*ed vonr sht «p in my [msture on gras
 i than to fi*ed them here on gram; and I si
 the I'nco canuot keep them out.
 Alter a moment's silence. Pulsifer c:
 claimed
 l 1 he sheep shan't trouble von any mor
 I I "ill letter tlK*m all. Hut I'll let you knov
 when any man talks of shooting, I can shoo
 too; and when they are kind and neighbor!
 i 1 can he kind, too.’
 J he sheep never again trespassed on nr
 lot. And, my friends, [he continued, addres
 ing the audience,] remember that when yc
 bilk of injuring your neighbors, th«»y talk
 injuring you. When nations threaten to figh
 other nations will be ready, too. Love wi
 lieget love; a wish to be at peace will kei
 i you in peace. You ran only overcome e\
 with good there is no other way.”
1 THE NORTH STAR.
ROCHESTER, JANUARY 23, 1849.
HENRY CLAY.
 This great American statesman and oratr
 r l |as ttfTiin spoken the venerable sage of Asl
 5 land has added another blot to his already to
 sullied fame. He has again stooped to th
 debasing meanness of giving tongue to Amc
 i rican malignity against the free colored pec
 pie. He has again exerted his magnificen
 oratorical powers again* the feeble and help
 less, and given the signal to their relcntles
 persecutors for reviving their senseless preju
 d:ee, and opening against us their inferna
 batteries. Now, in the name of all that i
 just and honorable, why is this 1 Why an
 we thus pursued 1 What cause have w&lt;
 given him against us? What can be hi:
 motive hy is that once firm and clea
 voice, but now tremulous, shaken, and sub
 dued, by the weight of age, still uplifte
 against us? Why is that commanding fone
 which must soon slumber with its mothe
 dust, once more thrilled, animated, and elc
 quent, in misrepresenting and slandering th
 colored people? Again we ask, what evi
 have we done him? In what have we in
 jiired him, that he thus, while even leaning
 over the grave, and on the verge of appearin'
 before the Great Judge of all the earth, seize
 a brief moment between life and death, ii
 which to glower” upon us once more
 savage and malignant frown? Oh! that w
 could remedy the wrong, if wrong we hav
 done.him; and, by repenting, receive forgive
 ness—and allow our aged foe to die in peace
 Hut, alas! we fear that this is impossible
 The consummation so devotedly to be wishe&lt;
 is beyond our reach; and, as the leopar&lt;
 cannot change his sjiots, nor the Ethiopia!
 his skin, Mr. Clay must leave the world will
 liis heart yet bitter with malice, and givinj
 grim and ghastly signs *lO posterity to eon
 iauo the bitter and revengeful spirit which
 through the American Colonization Society
 he has maintained and cherished toward u
 lor more than thirty years. Denmark"
 murdered king, fresh from sulphurous purga
 torial fires, was not more importunate am
 eloquent in stirring up within the youthfu
 bosom of Hamlet the murderous feelings o
 hate and revenge, than is Mr. Clay in rousing
 those same feelings in the American hear
 against us; and now, if a vigorous crusade lx
 not again revived against us, through state
 press, and pulpit, it will only be l»eeausi
 anti-slavery may opjioso an antidote common
 surate with the leperous poison of this speech
 W e have just finished perusing this speech
 and confess to some excitement. We see ii
 it a revival of that second enemy of the col
 urod people, the Colonization Society, which
 next to slavery, is the deadliest foe to tin
 colored man, —unsettling his plans and im
 proveinents, by teaching him to feel that thi;
 is not l»is home disheartening and subduing
 his enterprise, by causing him to feci that al
 eflort at self-elevation is in vain that neithci
 knowledge, temperance, patience, faith, no:
 virtue, can avail him anything m this land.
 O.i examining tins speech, we scarce!}
 know what part of it most to condemn. It ii
 diabolical, from beginning to end; abounding
 in wilfully blind and false assumptions re
 specting our character and condition as a
 people; interwoven with a mock sympathy
 and worse than sham philanthropy; linked
 with plausible statements, sophistical reason
 ing, and absurd conclusions; more than splin
 t'd with open blasphemy; and the whole so
 Glistened with the sanctimonious cant ol
 p«ty, as to leave it without a rival in the
 ■catalogue of refined and complicated oratorical
 wickedness. We might safely leave it to
 -'•pi a.i tor iu*cif; but that silence might be
 misinterpreted, and set down to a sense ol
 inability to reply. We shall, tlierefore, say
 a li w words on this great speech, and part
 with Mr. Clay, as he parted with the coloni
 zation meeting in Washington, never exjiect
 mg to meet him again.
 The speech, as a whole, leaves a much
 better impression of Mr. Clay’s ability as an
 orator, than di 1 his great speech at la-xing
 ton. It has none of that cumbrous heaviness
 almost the invariable result of too much pre
 p liaison, w In* h weighed down Ins great
efliirt but fall. The lively and buoyant char
 artef of this speech is somewhat owing to Hu
 cirrwmstanccs which surrounded him. Hi
 i wan one-’ more in die city of Washingtoo—
 i the eipito! of the nation—the grand tfaeatn
 and s-jone of his greatest efforts be was sur
 rounded by old friends and admirers; an&lt;
 found hans 'lf hailed with an enthusiasm wd
 f nigh bordering on fancy. This stirred hii
 aged blood, and gave to his wrinkled brow i
 vigo-au* and* youthful aspect,
 y 1 We regard this speech as the most success
 ful we ever heard or read on the subjret o
 colonization. Its chief powr- to injure con
 sists in its defensive sad conciliatory spirit
 e It is amrther exampl? of the cat roiled in flou
 —die wolf in a sheepskin. It is amiable
 T almost to a fault. He give offence, to an]
 B ione l No! not for the world. To eTen th&lt;
 h
 s abolitionists, he would nut be denunciatory
 I! far from it. His language is the language o
 appeal, of admonition, delivered w ith all tfs
 afTtlion of an aged parent to his lieloved, bu
 U emng children, Then to the poor, despised
 injured and maltreated blacks, he would no
 14 j lie harsh; but would appear to respect tbei
 t feelings and protect their nghts, and assutnei
 0 much more the air of a friend toward them
 r than that of an enemy. To be sure, with al
 f&gt; his regard for us, be would gladlv send ui
 w-hen* he should never see us more but then
 it is for our good that he makes this immenst
 t sacrifice. Don't hurt the dear little kittens
 I m y child; but take them down to the river
 and drown them! They will be much bette
 T off*, than now; for this is a hard world.”
 i We did not intend to do anything mon
 nor le*** than the establishment of a coloni
 upon the coast of Africa, to which the frei
 jieoplc of color, of ihcir own voluntary con
 sent, might go. No restraint, no coercion
 no compulsory process was contemplated t&lt;
 J»e employed with respect to them. Tht
 hole was to be submitted to their free an&lt;
 unconstrained volition.”
 r Indeed! What a merciful man is Mr
 'by He would not drive the free coloret
 P^pl B of this country from their hearths am
 homes! \V hat noblo and unexpected mag
 j nanimitv is this! lie would not force us, bu
 p leave us to unconstrained volition
 1 Mr &lt;;la y says: He tell them the kind o
 country to which tee wish them to go.” Yes
 J0*. 10,1 us you wish us to go. You not onh
 j LS h us to go, but you tell us you wish us t&lt;
 go. What right have you, or anybody else
 ’to tell us you wish us to go?” It is ai
 j insult, an insolent and tyrannical assumptioi
 on t^ lB P 3rt °f Mr. Clay or any one else, t&lt;
 j tell us, or any part of the colored people o
 this country', that he wishes us to go anv
 _ j here. W e arc at home here; and our stay
 here is evidence that we wish to stai
 j here and to tell us that he wishes us to go
 i is an insult, which, if offered to Mr. Clay
 instead of the despised blacks, would subjee
 I I the perpetrator of the insult to the indignatior
 of the community. Our right to stay here is
 as good as that of Mr. Clay, or anv raan
 stealer in the land and, God helping us, wt
 will maintain this right before all the world,
 We wish to assure Mr. Clay, and the Coloni
 zation Society', w'c are not now situated ex
 j actl "here that Society found us twenty-five
 years ago we have kept pace with the age
 and are now in a position, at least in the fret
 States, where we have our presses, and peri-
 I °dicals published, and read, as far as the Eng
 lish language is spoken; and can tell oui
 wishes without his, or the assistance of the
 Colonization Society'. We beseecli this gen
 i tletnan to give himself no uneasiness on oui
 J account. W hen we wish to go to Liberia,
 or elsewhere, we can go, without his telling
 us that he wishes us to go.” We can di*
 pense w ith all such arrogant impudence. Bui
 *he whole was to be submitted to our un
 constrained volition.” Gracious, very! Sup
 pose we should go upon Mr. Clay's farm, and
 wish him off from it We presume he would
 scarcely answer us with words. We think
 he is of a mettle which would lead him tc
 adopt some very striking method for making
 us acquainted with his wishes in return.—
 Submitting to his unconstrained volition
 would make us little less offensive to him.
 The great central falsehood of Mr. Clay's
 speech is the same that has been set forth in
 colonization journals, and proclaimed by its
 lecturers, for the last twenty years, the
 assumption that white and colored people
 cannot live together on lerms of equality. On
 this hangs, not only Mr. CJav's speech, but
 the whole structure of colonization. If we
 j demonstrate the absurdity of this bold assump
 tion, we have shattered the main pillar ol
 colonization. This grand central idea is in
 culcated throughout this most mischievous
 speech. We will give his views the advan
 taye of his language, that the reader may see
 tho imposture in its first dress:
 It is in vain to attempt to eradicate the
 feelings which keep asunder the two colors.—
 It is in vain for the office cf philosophy, of
 humanity, of benevolence, or of any other
 office to attempt to establish what is an im
 praclihility—the bringing together of two ra
 ces which God himself, by the difference of
 color and other constitutional circumstan
 ces, has declared, ought to be, perhajtt, sep
 arate.

 But, besides all these considerations,
 recommending the separation between the
 two incompatible and incongruous races,
 which never can become one harmonious and
 homogeneous people, there are others.

 111 w hat state of this I T r.ion—if there be
 one I have no recollection of it—it is possible
 it may lie the case in Massachusetts —in w hat
 state cf this Union does the black man, how
 j ever free he may be, or from w hatever line of
 ancestors he may be descended, enjoy political
 rights l No where. Social rights are out of
 ihe question. In no state of the Union, in no
 city, town or handet, is the black man regard
 'll as standing upon an equal social condition
 with the w hite portion of the human race, in
 this respect, the Free Slates are equally
 chargeable with the rigor of the laws as the
 Slates in which slavery is tolerated. Your
 laws have inere:»sed in rigor against the black
 population of the country.

 Who can dr.ubt that, in a similar sense,
 Africa is tlie real home of the black man, al
 though there has boon an accidental birth—a
 casual birth of Africans upon this continent?
 There were they placed, there were they
 found, until torn from their land by the hand
 of lawless violence. Here they have been
 brought—here they cannot remain ia peace
 and contentment. 1 speak of the tree portion
 of the race.”
 The foregoing will give oar readers a fair
 idea of the main feature of Mr. Clajr’a speech,
 and of culo uxation in general.
 Now, gran ting Mr. Clay's premises to h j
 correct, which we do not, to what do they
 pad 1 Why, to this that whenever there is
 a '-onununity m which iherc is not perfect so-
rial equably among all the membstaof it, lb.
 humbler dam ought either t 9 be pnifireri a
 enslaved. W e nr enslaved; because Mr
 Clay has no objection to black slaves remaiiurq
 mm this land. We presume be would fa
 their removal a great evil; especially thaw
 I oo his own plantation, lie is pwtkularb
 I guarded on this point. His portraitures o
 misery and wretchedness are all drawn of fret
 i colored—not of the slave. They of eottrsi
 are contented and happv, fat and sleek.”
 Mr. Clay might go to Boston, or to Lowell
 T and say to the poor factory girls: It is u
 vain to attempt to end reate the feeling whirl
 i keeps the rick and poor asunder.’ It is if
 r Tain for the office of humanity, benevolence
 or of any other office, to establish what is at
 r otter impracticability—the bringing togethe
 'of the rith and the poor.’ Now all this ii
 sure and certain. And seeing that you neve:
 f have and never can enjoy the socirty of thus*
 whom God, in his all-wise providence, hai
 t blessed with riches. I, as your friend, submi
 that it would be far better for you to be eolo
 t nixed in some part of the world where yot
 i can hve on terms of perfect equality and free
 i dom. Besides, your presence here, while i
 is a great evil to you, is also quite an an
 I noyance to us. Your ignorance and degrada
 tion are very offensive lo the rich and th&lt;
 learned of the land, who can never recogtiixt
 you as equals. We therefore “wish you tc
 go.’ In expressing this, our w ish, no fore*
 is contemplated. We submit it to your unre
 r strained volition.”
 Now we wish to inform Mr. Clay thai
 the condition of the free colored people has
 been steadily improving. But the other day
 a gentleman of color was regularly admitted
 to the bar iu the city of New York, and it it
 but a few months since, while seated bcsid&lt;
 the Governor of Massachusetts, he iuformcc
 I us that he had just conferred the office o
 Justice of the Peace on a colored young mat
 in the city of Boston. We shall have occa-
 I sion to refer to this subject again.
 ABOLITIONISTS OF WESTERN NEW
 'I YORK, AWAKE|
 r _ _
 Arouse from your slumbers—throw offyoui
 apathy—put away your doubts and fears—
 assume a manly faith The time has arrivee
 for earnest and vigorous action in the sacrec
 cause of Freedom. Not political action—no
 1 carnal and bloody action, such as, to the cv
 1 j eilasting infamy of our nation, is now heinj
 displayed in the unhallowed cause of pride
 f! ambition and slavery, on the ill-fated plains o
 j Mexico. No a higher and holier warfare—
 a broader and nobler battle field is ours
 The glorious contest to which we are sum
 i moned, is to be waged in the world-wide fiek
 of thought The giant foes against which w&lt;
 i are to contend, are firmly united—they consis
 of opinions and prejudices of long duration
 1 and they confront us, armed in the triple stee
 of press, pulpit, and proscription. His le
 gions of darkness sally forth in front of ou:
 camp, and now challenge us to the conflict.—
 They must be met and vanquished, or th&lt;
 slave must continue to bleed and pine unde:
 the tyrant's heel. It is against principalitiei
 and powers—spiritual wickedness in high pla
 ces—we are called upon to wage a vigorous
 and unceasing warfare. Let us then look uj
 for strength and courage for the contest; de
 pending for victory on Him who stood ant
 measured the earth—who beheld and drov&lt;
 asunder the nations relying for weapons or
 the foolishness of preaching. Laying asidt
 'every weight, let us put on the whole ar
 mor of God. Come, friends cf Freedom, ha
 ters of Slavery, men and women, old anc
 young, let us to the work There is some'
 thing for every one to do. Now, of all oth
 ers, is no time for halting, or faltering. The
 slave is still in his chains the galling fettei
 i is still on his limbs; the knotted scourge is
 st’ l wet with bicod the red-hot branding
 irec is yet applied to human flesh. The ngo
 nhing groans of heart-broken men still rend
 the air, pierce heaven, and disturb the ear ol
 God. The number of victims are increasing
 I the slave power is augmenting and the ty
 rant's prido is rising.
 j We say this is no time for delay. Where
 or to whom is the slave to look for relief, ii
 not to those who know his wrongs and com
 prehend his rights but to the hated and de
 spised abolitionists—the only nien and women
 in the land who do not hold the truth of God
 in unrighteousness They cannct look to the
 churches of our land with any hope of suc
 cess. There is r.o help in them for the slaves.
 They have thus far shown themselves the
 servants of slavery. They have seen the
 slave in chains for more than two hundred
 i years they have heard with the most heart
 less indifference his unceasing pica for Liber
 ty they have looked out upon the field of
 slavery unmoved; they have seen men and
 women sold like beasts in the market—pa
 rents sold from children* and husbands from
 wives—and have lisped no rebuke in the ear
 of the tyrant, or spoken a word of sympathy
 in the ear of his slavery-smitten victim. To
 the American churches the slave sonnet look
 with any hope of success. These bodies are
 not.expected to operate, but to be operated
 upon. Instead of remembering those in bonds,
 as being bound with them, they seem to re
 member the slaveholder, as binding with him.
 They are contented to talk of the souls, caring
 little about the bodies of men; and thereby
 show that they care nothing for either.—
 Bought up by slavery, sold ur.tosin, they send
 their sanctimonious minister forth, to uphold
 crime, and defend slavery, in the awful name
 cf God.
 Ho! For the sake of God, and a pure gos
 pel, iet us arouse from our slumbers, and re
 buke these foul hypocrites. Let us unmask
 these vile pretenders, and dispel the poison
 ous error they are infusing and supporting in
 the popular mind. Cone, friends, let us re
 new our sacred covenant against oppremt n
 iet us make a league against tyranny, and
 rally for the immediate and unconditional
 emancipation of our abused and perishing
 fellow countrymen. We have a cause of
 which none need to be ashamed— -one npon
 which the smiles of an approving Heaven
 must ever rest—one which require* the action
 of the highest, bent, and noblest sentiments of
 the human soul— on* affording ample field
 fer the scope of all the magnificent powers
 with w hich an all-wise and merciful God has
 endowed his children—a cause which has borne
 the names of Clarkson, Wilberforee, Sharpe,
 Allen, Maeulev, and a host of others high
 on the lisa of fame—a cause which secures
 the humblest laborer a peaceful conscience, a
quiet mind, and Awm npon him all the
 blfiags of tboae who are rti% Co perish.—
 Come, oonw! and let us reaohe wlcmnl jto
 unite and fire our brans to the cause of Uk
 ■lave!
 It will be aorn in another column that the
 WcaHern Now York Anti-Slavery Society
 auxiliary to the American Anti-Slivery Soci
 ety, has secured the sen ices of Caaaun
 Lnox Risohd and Joseph C. Hathaway,
 for one year. Of these two eloquent advo
 cates little need be said. They are wideh
 known and highly esteemed. Their name*
 are already identified with the history of the
 4 Anti-Slavery movement, as being among the
 most laborious, persevering and indefatigable
 friends of the slave to be found in the ranki
 of freedom. We regard the selection of Mr
 Hathaway as moat fortunate—a quiet, saga
 cious. unassuming and gentlemanly person
 well calculated te secure the respect and con
 -1 fidencc of those with whom his duties ss Gener
 al Agent must bring him in contact. He has
 beside this, the very important advantage of a
 most thorough knowledge of the most impor
 tant towns in the State, and can, at a glance
 1 point out the way, and map out the plans foi
 carrying on our agitating operations. With
 the skill and management of Hathaway, and
 the firmness, devotion and fervid eloquence oi
 Remond, and the assistance which outsell
 j 1
 and friend Deluny may be able to render then
 during »hc year, the cause may receive an iro
 j portant impulse in Western New York.
 Will you co-operate with ns in this underta
 -1 king Shall we have your countenance and
 sympathy in this holy crusade against sla
 very T
 IC?* We were compelled for the want of
 room, to omit some of the sayings at the Prin
 ters’ Festival; but as there were many tear
 j sentiments proposed, we insert the following
 as an offset
 By James P. Fogg—The war spirit as fos
 tered by the press
 Like Scotland’s war-cross, thrown from hand
 hand,
 To rouse the vilest paiiiniu of the land
 False glory thus Hies swift, from ear to ear.
 While virtue weeps; but weeping still mint hear.”
EUITOKUL CORRESPONDENCE.
Pittsburgh, January 14, 1848.
 Dear Douglass :—I am still in Pittsburgh,
 getting ready, as fast as possible, to start out
 on my "Western tour for the North Star. I
 have just begun to work here, and do some
 thing for our paper, which, as far as it has
 been seen, has met a cordial welcome.
 The proprietors of the Mystery,” my old
 paper, are, as you have seen, making indus
 trious efforts to sustain their little favorite,
 which they ought to do, and for which I
 know you will readily join with me in com-
 I mending them. This they can do, by making
 the Mystery more of a home paper; because,
 in Pittsburgh, there are, alone, sufficient col
 ored people to sustain it, if each family but
 do their duty.
 The Saturday Visiter,” a new anti-sla
 i very paper, recently commenced in this city,
 edited, by the distinguished and eccentric Mrs.
 i Swisshelm, with the wonted ability of that
 i amiable lady, is at present engaging the at
 tention of the anti-slavery community and
 others here. There is scarcely aught else,
 1 of interest, transpiring at present, to name to
 i you. There is, on next Tuesday, the 18th,
 a Levee to be held in Philo Hall, in this
 city, for the benefit of the Mystery. This is
 the divine work of the Ladies. God bless
 them!
 Steamboat explosions, as you have doubt
 less ere this seen, arc most awfully and fear
 fully frequent. This, I opine, must be the
 j result of the sheerest and most reprehensible
 carelessness, meriting the utmost severity of
 the laws, which now' lie a dead letter. A
 person, now-a-days, taking passage upon a
 W cstem steamboat, might be viewed in the
 light of a child thrown upon the Ganges—a
 victim to the element. None of these boats,
 however, I am proud to acknowledge, are of
 Pittsburgh build, but belong below.” The
 slaveholders make nothing good but slaves:
 these they appear to be better at manufac
 turing than anything else.
 I was not aware, when I noticed the de-
 Mr. George B. Vasiion, that he
 had 1 ecn refused (e\ en on examination by the
 committee) admittance to the bar. But, sir,
 this was even so: although I am credibly in
 formed, that his able and distinguished pre
 ceptor, Hon. Walter Forward, made every
 effort in his behalf; but all of no avail. The
 infernal spirit of proscription and intolerance,
 fostered among a certain class, found full
 vent, being proven to have been nestled at the
 Pittslvtgh bar and, like the lava bursting
 from the crater of hell, they headed it forth
 i in one damning eruption, sending its fire and
 smoke hissing and foaming throughout the
 neighborhood, until a vast portion of W estern
 Pennsylvania has become tarnished by reason
 thereof, "k cs, sir, this is true. The Judge,!
 Walter H. Lowrie, Esq., of the District
 Court, before whom application was made to
 sue out a rule of court to show cause why'
 Mr. "N ashon was not examined, assigned as
 his reason, that Chief Justice Gibson, of
 Pennsylvania, had decided against colored
 people being citizens; therefore he would
 never consent thereto. This, truly, was the
 decision of Judge Gibson an insult upon our
 manhood which all true men hold in utter
 contempt.
 Mr. Vashon, on his tour, stopped in the
 city of New York; and, as I learn by a recent
 letter, was on the eve of an examination be-,
 fore the Supreme Court in that city and, ere
 this, probably has been admitted to practice.
 What a contrast between the smoky Iron
 City, and ihc Gothic Metropolis of the Na
 tion! A burning stigma, an indellible dis
 grace, is this, upon the once liberal, but now
 retrograding Pennsylvania! But to measure
 Pittsburgh, or I may even say, the entire
 State of Pennsylvania, by this miserable ex
 ample, would be gross injustice.
 The example of the medical faculty, alone,
 would have been sufficient to have taught the
 apostate disciples of Justin a lesson; and the
 editorial eorpn, as well as many other respec
 table professions I could mention, even here,
 in oqr midst, all put, most palpably, there
 cok&gt;rpbobiie» of the Pittsburgh fare, to the
 blush.
 David J. Peck, M. D., in doing well in
 Philadelphia, having n fine oAre in Institute
 Buildings,” where he is receiving the calls
 mid attention of the most polished pmetition
j era wd proimon «f the medical schools.—
 Tbw i» as it should be, and stows m«i mn
 cloaTrlr (hat Anr baa aa much to do with the
 iudrow monster, slavery, as medicine, or anv
 i other respectable best ocas. And it is a fart.
 weß worthy of retamfc, that, other than that
 of bw. any combination with slavery ts con
 sidered a blighting disgrace to the partici
 pants. How stand the bw, then, and law
 yers, when favoring the oppressor T I know
 tha* you will answer, They are supporters of
 tyranny and despotism.
 I will write you onec a week.
 Yours, in behalf of our oppressed ami
 down-:redden countrymen,
 M. R. D.
 PAWirracT Faiu. The Anti-Slavery
 women of Pawtucket Rhode Island, w ill bold
 their Twelfth Animal Fair, at the Hall of the
 Pawtucket Hotel, on the 9th and 10th of
 February, commencing at 10 o'clock, a. w.
 It is hoped that a larger attendance than
 ever, will favor this annual gathering of the
 tried and true and that they will not fail to
 find the tables covered, in tempting abundance,
 with the usual supply of articles for use or
 ornament, together with refreshments of every
 desirable kind and quality.
 The call is universal. Come, then, for the
 slaves' sake!
 Rebecca Mitchell, Elizabeth Shove,
 Mary Peck, Maria Dexter,
 Lydia Winn, 1. J. Adams,
 Mary A. Kenyon, Ester Reed,
 j Susan M. Shove, Abby Burgess,
 Avis Sisson, Amy Dexter,
 Alurn Crowningshield, Susan Sisson.
 I Ruth Sisson,
 Hj»W T e gratefully acknow ledge the receipt
 of valuable documents from the Hon. J. G.
 Palfrey, of the House of Representatives.
 IP 3 Benjamin R. Foster, is our Authorized
 ageut for Rochester and its vicinity.
 Westers New York Anti-Slavery So
 ciety.—At a meeting of the Executive Com
 mittee, Jan. 19th, 1848, Joseph C. Hathaway
 and Charles Lenox Rcmond, were appointed
 agents for one year.
 The Committee will meet on Tuesday eve
 ning next, Feb. Ist., at the house of John
 i Kedzie,No. 35, North Fitzhughst. Rochester.
 Punctual attendance is requested.
 W. C. NELL,
 Ree. Sec.
 ITT 3 The Liberty Minstrel by Geo. \V.
 Clark. We have for sale at our office a few
 copies of this collection of Anti-slavery music.
 Price 50 cents.
 ___
 IHPNorth Star No. 3, any friend far ot
 j near having a spare ropy of this number, wtfl
 confer a special favor by forwarding the same
 to our office.
 TO CORRESPONDENTS.
 W. P. (i., New Concord'Of*?*’. Encouraging It t
 ter of lath inst. received, and uaincs added to our
 I list.
 l J. P. D., Economy, Indiana. Thanks to this inde
 fatignhle friend, his name now stands with the ot’ er
 agents.
 j T. F. /Richmond, Ohio. Favor of Jan. 14th, grate
 fully acknowledged. Copies have been mailed per
 request.
 S. H. G., New York. H.s answer i* all wc re
 quested,-tltuugh little indefinite.
 I
CON'HIMCATIO.'VS.
Northampton, Jan. 1, 18-18.
 Dear Friends Douglass Delany
 The specimen number of the North Star, is
 just what it should be—a beacon light of liber
 ty, to illuminate the pathway of the bleeding,
 hunted fugitive of the South and to arouse
 our disfranchised fellow countrymen and wo
 men of the North, who are lulled to sleep by
 the syren song of Liberty, while we are slaves
 to all intents, purposes, and constructions, in
 any State within this slaveholdi.vg Union.
 Let it be seen and felt, that while our breth
 ren and sisters of the South are slaves to
 individuals, we, of the North, are slaves to
 the mass. Let the whole truth in regard to
 our real condition be so clearly shown, that
 our colored brethren, who believe themselves
 free, may understand, that in the United
 States of America, there are no free colored
 menand that there never can be, so long
 as there is no concert of action; and our neu
 trality continues to clog the wheels of the
 car— emancipation. On this subject, may
 the light of the North Star be like that of the
 inflexible Sirius, that never waxes nor wanes,
 until our brethren, who arc sleeping in calm
 security, shall awake to the dangers which
 surround them, and take such observations
 from the beacon-light as shall point them to
 the haven where they should be, in the full
 enjoyment of freedom, not slavery; rights,
 not privileges.
 Since yours is a permanent press, and the
 Star shines for all, the necessity of the Na
 tional Press,” called for by the Troy Con
 vention, is superseded; and, until it be
 shown that there is a sincere devoted ness—
 nay, a united effort, on tlie part of the whole
 people, to MMtain the most able, fret, and in-
 DEPKMDKirr nwss ever established and con
 trolled by colored men, in this country, the
 plea for a National Press can be made
 only on sectarian grounds; and, since secta
 rianism has made us all Ish/naehtes, the true
 friends of humanity, at home oaabroad, can
 never listen to such a plea.
 W hen I reflect upon the tremendous influ
 ence of the press in freedom's cause, since
 W m. Lloyd Garrison sounded the first note
 for immediate emancipation, and consider the
 important position you occupy, and that the
 destiny of enslaved millions depend* upon the
 existence of a free and independent press, and
 that every man sod woman, w hose complexion
 bears the presumptive evidence of slavery, is
 under a moral obligation to sustain such an
 engine in our cause— my word to all is, Let
 him who would be a stare, refuse to sustain
 it!
 Ever yours for Human Freedom,
 DAVID HIGGLES.
 GEOftGE B. VAfIIIOJV.
 We are pleased to me from the following
 street from the New York letter of the
 Philadelphia inquirer, that our talented young
 townmaan. Gee. B. Vashon, Esq., has
 Mired that jmriee from the courts of New
 iortt ary which wmt denied him by the
courts of his native county. The letter m
 dated—
 New Yore, J an. 13, 184#.
 For the first time in the history of the
 State of New York, and if I am not wrong,
 for the first time m the history of the Tinted
 Mates, a colored man was yesterday admitted
 after due examination, as Attorney, Solicitor,
 ami ounsellor of the Supreme Court of thin
 State. On his examination he evinced a per
 fect knowledge of (he rudiments of law, and
 a familiar acquaintance with Coke, laitleton,
 Black stone ar.d Kent.
 Geo. B. Ynshon (his rame) does not,
 -however, intend to practise hia profession
 here he merely took out his credentials from
 our courts, and intends to practise at Port
 ffatyen. where they will act as a powerful
 letter of recommendation, and w here he can
 plead without being sneered at.”
 The above intelligence, from the Pittohargh
 'Telegraph, w indeed a gratifying evidence of
 the change in public sentiment. The wnter
 is, however, incorrect in his opinion that thin
 is the first instance of a colored man's admis
 sion to Legal practice in the United States
 for in the Old Bay State—God bless her!—
 two colored Lawyers have been pursuing the
 even tenor of their wray, recipients of its
 honor* and emoluments for the last two
 years.
 One of whom, Robert Morris, Jr., ac
 quired his excellence of character and correct
 1 business habits in the office of Kllis Gray
 Loring, Esq., Master in Chancery. The
 other, Macox B. Amxx, who successfully
 passed the ordeal of a rigid examination at
 the Cumberland bar, (Maine.) holds the offico
 of Justice of the Peace for Middlesex county,
 under the appointment of Governor Briggs.
 To Massachusetts, then, belongs the honor
 of first extending its hand of encouragement
 to those colored young men, aspirants for
 legal lore: ar.d in accordance with its de
 served reputation for political equality, has
 removed the barrier which, in the other States,
 chills the noble prompting of spirits congenial
 with Vasiion, Morris and Allkx.
 But in order to render Massachusetts a
 more perfect example, she must yet remove
 from her cseutcehon w hat is now considered
 -by many her last vestige of slavery,
 and allow equal school privileges. In many
 towns, white and colored children have
 always met at school—without reference to
 any accidental difference—and in Salem and,
 we believe, Nantucket, the principle has been
 recently established, and unattended, to the
 present, with any but the legitimate favorable
 j results.
 In the city of Boston this question is vet to
 jbe settled. God speed the right!
 W. C. X.
 STATESMAN AND SLAGERY.
 It was said by Talleyrand, that words were
 useful to conceal thought, but the public men
 of this country, seem skilled by long expe
 rience in the art of using fair words to divert
 attcntifti from miserable deeds, or the misera
 ble omission of good deeds that should be
 done.
 A slaveholding president, ready at any time
 for the sake of gain, to separate husband and
 wife, mother and daughter, and to sell hishu
 i man chattels on the auction block without a
 pang of remorse, and too, that the
 j law sanctions and protects the traffic, said in
 his inaugural address to the people, that the
 I broad a?gis of national protection extended
 I over the humblest individual in the Union.”
 A Northern statesman standing beneath the
 [shadow of the monument on Bunker Hill, a
 1 few years since, uttered most glorious praises
 I of this land of Liberty, and of the noble daring
 of those, whose heart's blood, shed in the stern
 struggle with kingly oppression, enriched the
 soil beneath, and yet smiled blandly on the
 tyrant standing near with his trembling slave
 in attendance, nor said one word to the gath
 ered thousands around, that would lead them
 to tell that slave to claim his liberty in the
 name of the slain heroes of Freedom's battle
 field. Fair words, well-turned phrases, beau
 tiful thoughts, have been and are plenty
 enough, but manly actions, strong free words
 uttered in the times and places where they
 w ould hll, are like angels visits, few and far
 between.
 hat is now said or done in the Congres
 sional Halls There is now and then, thaak
 Heaven, a bold thought earnestly spoken; hut
 talk enough Heaven know s, and men might
 know too, were they not tlinded, that is full
 of sound, (though not much fury) signifying
 nothing. The Whigs are now in the majori
 ty at the North they often claim to be anti
 slavery. What are they at Washington
 At home they talk of the Mexican war in such
 a manner, that one might suppose from their
 language, they would never in any way giro
 aid and comfort to this scheme of slaveholding
 aggrandizement. Daniel Webster, in Massa
 chusetts, far away from the White House,”
 ainid the hills of New England, once I believe,
 spoke of impeaching the President; nay
 more—by a vote in the House of Representa
 tives, eighty-five members have declared that
 the war was illegally and unconstitutionally
 commenced by the act of the President.”
 This really seems, bold, but it means noth
 ing, as is well understood by the south The
 large majority of these eighty-five member*
 will vote supplies for the war, w ill oppose tho
 re-call of the troops, in short will do nothing
 practical in opposition to its continuance.
 They have no courage the torpid influence
 of slavery has crushed, deadened, their man
 liness the presence of the slavholding mem
 bers, and the consciousness that they most call
 them (covered with crimes as they arc) hon
 orable men, robs them of to give,
 utterance, in burning words to their feelings.,
 A lew days, sine*: Mr. Venable of South Caro
 lina, a member of the House, called upon
 those men wbo bad voted that the President
 had violated the oustnuliMi, by declaring
 war, to uapeach him. It seems a plain duty
 of men, who lore their own rights and am in
 favor of the supremacy of law, to do so. But
 who among the great men in the Whig ranks
 10 Congress or the Senate, will take the first
 step! Will Daniel Webster! No, h»head
 may be sagacious enough, his watch vigilant
 enough to take care of banka, tariffs, and such
 other matters aa pertain to the interests of
 mammon, bat he has nut the heart to give hi*
 mighty bat degraded intellect to the vindication
 of great high principles, and to rebuke the
 man a an effectual way, who as he well
 known, has trampled upon Liberty and ngkt
 at the bidding of the Slave power for the hn
 eoat of purpose*. The great defender of the
 Constitution, does all hia work of defence in
 the whit cart. Robert C. Winthrop, has no
