HIEDEUICK DOUiLAiSS,
 M U.LKLANV.
VOL. I. NO. 16.
The NORTH UTAH if pablhbed even
 Friday, at No. 25, Itulialo Street,
 (Ofpo*tt* the Arcad'.)
 TfcKMrf.
 Two dollar* per Jtnuun, alny* *H\ane*. N&lt;’
 •ii'm twill lie rec«-iv&lt;-&lt;l f ,,r c? ,&lt;r,n
 &lt;&gt;&lt;x month*.
 Ad*erti**m«mt« not L»'*» 3
 three mm-* j &lt;1 »ILu; every n.bwsp*''"' kum i
 tion, t«'t&gt;n«y-fm* rent*.
 '|’m k ~Wt .if the V**"' Stak w.H
 81. av»:k v in ail ,u f«r a U.Kralc
 IJkiv» K»Af. Esaxcii-ation; ex»U die m»Ui&lt;
 Of PcnMC M iHAi-irt; |»ro*m=»ie the maral a.wi m-
 Iclle't'iil iin;wn*e.iM*nt -f tin- r.u Pkofl*.;
 «ni iwuu-n ,b. day of FREEDOMI U. the r«R».r.
 _ 0 L'g«i ivvi) I 1 f. I« LOW C&lt;)l
 Mir,uo.ts of our
 tITMH
 ITBLISIiEITS NOTICES.
 t*y All cofil'misiirations nlatinx tin* f utm s
 tier* nf thf p «i«’r, of M'WM S
 V.nrr-*, blhiuU be a Urnoed l" J'»HA Dkk,
 I'tildiidier.
 'Xf- an! afl odi«-r* Mndtn* nnm»*, are
 e .■M Ate.fto Ik* a- r iral«*. and fiive the P*« Ofr
 C uniffy an 1 tin: SMe. F.a&lt; li SulMcritier is
 mediately eredlt. f-r in received.
 (s&gt; \av p. rs .11 nlmj in the payment Tor I mr
 •ulwiib- A, t. f.rtA.irduJ tw out* a-Urc.-s, way
 tiave a iili-i cn.v I .1 "if J **ar. _
 All I tt r* ail c mi irj iiratioiw mast post
 paid.
 LIST or \fSF.NTS.
 Mt«»rHr«v T r..-11. K. W.lctt. 21.1
 lliMtir.; Nat .an J.il.iiA New H If! H"™' l
 F.M r, E.n. ll; Ja n.-S N. 0 iltun, Evan;
 Eva \V.» r .e«ter j IV.nr .c Sprier. I
 diaries 11. .Sell, Spri i-^lksMl; Hand Hung's,
 .Northampton; 11. Earjieiiter, I pt! 'ii.
 &gt;f 4l&gt;K ._tHiver 1&gt; eie-t, I’-rflml.
 Vowr.-R.ivltai T. it-rl ;wU Ic
 r rewa-T.','T.-.T e.a*’t New Haven
 v l v u rn-simiK- VVeare I ippan. BrailOrd.
 v. v VoiiK. —Sv inev IE 'Jay, 142, N issan
 Strn.-i; Jaae M&lt; i*ie s’ni.!i, 93, West Broalway;
 lose.,', IV.st, \VV&gt;ll*rv, (In VI. oimt.; Marv llar
 ii t, All&gt; n.t Elias M n-ed.n; W .lk-ttsKeese,
 Ee ii, t 'hat. ll &lt;;■■niiit\ \V iliiam liaUiinore, I rov;
 J. K. Pl.stt, l'enn Van; J. Jellrey, Cienevaj L. L.
 l’latt, llatlt.
 Knoiir. Ist. anu.— tinaranry Paine, 1 roTnlonee.
 p f s v s i, v a\i —J. M. M’Ki n,31, Nirrtli I- iftli
 Street, I’liiiidelpliia; &lt;i. \V. d.ines, 8,
 |Mi e. Hi t..; 11. il» vn,P.ttsl.nr,''.i; Win. Wliipper,
 I'.dll alii a; I star. Ul« rls, Jar.l. Pixel, N-.riis
 tuiiii, Mnnta niiery Cimaty, Milo 1 owmseml,
 New It. T
 —(,‘ltri'tiaa H »na’ Ison, m-innati; Wat
 eon ail tiaiii's, Ititt Valentine Niehtilson, llai-
 Vevs’mr »’l. War re a Co.; Sa n i 1 Itfonke, Salem.
 Mlt; 1111. AN. 'label tl. inks, Detroit.
 I Mi! a V a,—Jm IP. Davis, Economy, Wayne Co.
Selections.
 I»IU)CKFI&gt;INOS OF THE
 -AN Tl-SE VV iiRV CONVENTION
 HELD IN i*IULAiIELPJIiA.
 Oil Monday morning Oat. 3, 1813,
 pursuant to a notimt given, a very large
 number ol the citizens &lt;&gt;f t;n: city and
 county of Philadelphia, assembled in
 the brick .Wesley Church, (Lombard
 •st.,) for the purpose of holding a con
 vention lor two days.
 At the hour of 10 o’clock Mr. John
 P. Parr was called to the chair, and
 Mr. George Gomes was requested
 •to act as ‘Secretary. The Throne of
 Grace was addressed by Rev. W I.
 Catto, which being d me, it was moved
 that a committee of live be appointed
 by the chairman, to nominate officers
 for the convention; the movement-was
 concurred in, and the chairman accord
 ingly appointed Messrs. M. R. Uelaiiy,
 Rev. (ieorge G-ilbratth, 1 Jr. IJ. J. Peck,
 J. P. Humphries and M. W. Gibbs.
 Tim committee withdrew, and during
 the interval our friend G. \V. (ioines,
 assisted by S)r. 1). J. Peck and M. W.
 Gibbs, entertained the audience by
 -singwig tlie popular song composed by
 (ioines, 1 hear the cry of Million-,*
 c 4
 The committee having returned, the
 house was called to order, when the fol
 lowing report on nominations was hand
 ed in
 Ur. J. J. G- Rias, President.
 Rev. G. Galbraith, Ist Vice President
 Peter Lester, *2d
 Sam’l Vanbrakle, J&gt;l M
 John P. Purr, 4th
 Rev. S. Smith, stli
 Mrs. A. Reckless, «&gt;th
 Mrs. Harriet Smith,7th
 Rev. Win. T. Catto, Secretary.
 G. VV. Goines,
 Business Committee—Robert Purvis
 Charles L. Remoud, M. R. Delany
 M. \V. Gibbs, J. P. Humphries, D. J
 Peck, M. JD., Mrs. Priscilla Stewart
 Mrs. Eliza Ann Bias Mrs. Harrie
 Purvis.
 Tlie ollicers having taken their seats
 the business committee withdrew.
 Rev. G. Galbraith was called on tc
 address the audience in the absence o
 the committee.
 The Rev. gentleman arose amidst the
 plaudits of the audience. He said h&lt;
 did not expect to be called upon tc
 make a speech, nor was lie prepared It
 do so,but as til ‘re seemed to he a de
 termmati &gt;u &lt;&gt;a the part &lt;&gt;l the audience
 that he sli &gt;uld say something, he wouk
 at any rate, venture a tew remark:
 which he would most respectfully teudei
 Ahein fir their consideration, not only
 during the sitting t&gt;| the convention, bu
 also as a theme for future contempla
 tion when this Convention shall have
 adjourned, and the members ot it slial
 have retire dto their several vocations
 The ’subjects of bis remarks were upot
 the political aspects of tlie country, tbe
 duties incumbent upon us as Citizens
 and Christians, and the necessity o
 our becoming acquainted with our true
 position in society, both in civil and re
 ligious view. After dilating a short
 time upon each of the above named top
 ics, the Rev. geutlcin.in gave way foi
 the committee to report.
 The President called tlie attention ol
 the house to tlie return ot the Business
 Committee, who through their foreman
 Mr. Charles L. Remoud, read the fol
 lowing resolution:
 l. Resolved, 1 hat a committee o
 throe lie appointed by the chairman, tc
 make a roll ol the members names o
 the Convention, and which committee
 shall also act as a committee on Fi
 nance during the continuance of tht
 Convention. Carried.
THE NORTH STAR.
f Mr. Remond said, that in prcaeoting
 thi&lt;i resolution he would preface it with
 a single remark, and that was this: that
 lie hoped that every person present
 would be free to take part inthediscus
 -1 sions of the Convention, and would fur
 ther cheerfully suggest the utility ol
 every one participating in the same, and
 that there may not be any impediment
 in the way of any gentleman or
 i who rnav desire to address the meeting,
 s' would most respectfjlly recommend
 1 that a general invitation be extended to
 all who may favor the Convention with
 their presence, to participate therein.
 The following gentlemen were offered
 and elected to constitute the committee
 on Roll—Dr. I&gt;. J. Peck, Allen M.
 Bland, D. B. Bowser.
 The committee then entered
 their business, arj returned the names
 of all the males ami females who were
 members of the Convention.
 The following Resolutions were pre
 sented and read through the Business
 Committee, anti adopted by the Con
 vention, to wit:
 •i. Resolved, That the American
 Churches, by endorsing the Christiani
 ty of slaveholders—by extending to them
 the right hand of fellowship—by shutting
 their doors against the cries ot the
 slaves—by remaining indifferent to his
 wrongs —by picking Haws in the reli
 gious creeds of anti-slavery men—by
 joining in the slave-holding charge of
 infidelity against the slave’s advocates,
 and by proscribing the colored man at
 J the communion table, have placed
 themselves in the line ot positive hos
 tility to the anti-slavery movement, and
 the deadliest enemies of the long im
 bruted and perishing slave.
 d. Resolved, That in the unholy sys
 tem of American slavery, we behold a
 skillful subversion of all human rights,
 a bold and blasphemous attempt to blot
 out the distinction broadly marked by
 the finger of God between men and
 tilings, between persons and property,
 a warfare against human responsibility,
 a warfare against all the principles and
 I maxims of human justice, a plain viola
 tion of all the commands in the deca
 loguc, comprehending in its essential
 principles, the Destruction of Marriage,
 Parental and family duties, and clearly
 involving the crimes ofTheft, Robbery,
 Adultery and Murder, and is therefore
 j the broadest, foulest and bloodiest curse
 that was ever inflicted on the family of
 Man.
 4. Resolved, That wc offer unto the
 Most High our devoted thanks for the
 large measure of success, which has'
 followed and crowned the humble la
 bors of the friends of human freedom
 up to this period, and that we solemnly
 pledge ourselves to more faithful, earn-j
 est and persevering efforts to overthrow
 slavery, and to promote the moral and j
 social elevation of our people than has
 heretofore characterized us.
 5. Resolved, That a committee of
 five be appointed to draft an address to
 the citizens of the city and county of
 Philadelphia. The following named
 gentlemen were appointed that commit
 i tee:—Rev. H. H. Garnet, Rev. G.
 Galbraith, Rev. \V. T. Catto, Dr. J. J.
 G. Bias and Dr. 1). J. Peck.
 Resolved, That slavery exists in
 i this country because the people will its
 existence, and can only be overthrown
 by changing the national will; there
 fore Resolved, that by adopting the
 language of the illustrious O’Connell—
 \Ve will Agitate. Agitate, Agitate,”
 until the people will be changed, and
 our rights and liberties are restored.
 7. Resolved, That a genuine love of
 liberty is the highest native impulse im
 planted by deity on the native soul. It
 is older than Organizations or Institu
 tion.,, and is not dependent on them for
 existence.
 i &lt;S. Resolved, That the true mission
 of Institutions in the world, is to give
 i support and sustenance to this Heaven
 born principle, and they cease to be
 useful when they have abandoned this,
 the first and greatest of all public vir
 tues.
 9. Resolved, That whatever confers
 popularity and respect upon slavehold
 ers, serves to increase the popularity of
 slavery, and this serves to shield it
 from attack, and consequent destruc
 tion.
 10. Resolved, That of all opposition
 which is arrayed against us, that which
 emanates from our own class of the hu
 man family is the most grevious and de
 plorable, inasmuch as that opposition is
 not only cruel and wicked, but unex
 pected and unnatural.
 11. Resolved, That the greatest in
 sult that can be offered to a cause, is to
 shut the doors of the church against its
 advocates.
 I'2. Resolved, That the conduct of
 the Rev. Stephen Gloster, in presenting
 to the mind of the Rev. H. H. Garnet,
 a strong probability that The doors of
 his church would be opeued for
 Slavery meetings, and thereby seducing
 that gentleman into his pulpit on Sab
 bath morning last, that said Gloster has
 thus added another evidence of his pro
 slavery and dishonest character.
 Id. Resolved, That as a means, the
 better to embody and to concentrate the
 energies of -those who favor the cause
 of immediate emancipation, and the
 moral, social and mental elevation of
 the oppressed, we recommend at once
 the formation ot an association in this
 place, the object of which shall be to
 support the North Star, published at
 Rochester, raise funds, and employ
 suitable Lecturers.
 14. Resolved, That a committee of
 five be uow appointed, by tins Conven
 tion, to prepare a Constitution for the
 association proposed in the foregoing
 resolution.
 15. Resolved, That this Convention
 recommend to the Ministers of the dif
 ferent Colored Congregation* in this
 city, that they take up a collection at
RIGHT IS OF NO SEX—TRUTH IS OF NO COLOR— GOD IS THE FATHER OF US ALL, AND ALL WE ARE BRETHREN.
their earl«e*t convenience, forthebeDe
 fit'of the North Star, and that a com
 mittee of three, consisting of Rev. Wm.
 Douglass, J- J G. Bias and M. W.
 Gibbs, be appointed to inform the Pas
 tors of the several Churches of this re
 quest.
 Resolution 1, was read and unani
 mously adopted without discussion.
 Resolution *2, came next under con
 sideration. Mr* F. Douglass spoke
 eloquently upon the resolution, calling
 upon the professing Christians of this
 country, to cov ider weii their connex
 ion with the Churches, and ponder well
 their position, lest they may be found
 fraternizing with slaveholders. He re
 buked, in a cutting and sarcastic man
 ner, those individuals who would attach
 4jge|)name of infidel to h'mself, or any of
 his anti-sf§very co&amp;agues, as uttering
 a slander, for the purpose of paralyzing
 the cause of reform, now rapidly pro
 gressing among our colored friends.—
 Rev. H. H. Garnet followed our friend
 Douglass, and made a powerful and ef
 fective appeal to the common sense of
 the people, as holding any longer a
 pro-slavery connexion in their Church
 es; he called upon all men to unite
 with the slave’s friends, in breaking
 every link which would connect the two
 contending parties. M. R. Deluny
 made a few remarks, and closed by
 calling the attention of the people to
 those Churches that have closed their
 doors against the Anti-Slavery cause.
 Mr. Isaiah Ware and John C. Bow
 ers came forward, and requested to be
 heard—each in turn took the stand in
 opposition.
 Resolutions 3,4, 5, G, 7,8, 9, 10,
 were read and adopted without discus
 sion.
 Resolution 11, was commented upon
 by F. Douglass and other gentlemen.
 In the midst of Mr. Douglass’ remarks,
 Mr. Worthington, one of Mr. Glnster’s
 elders arose and said that Mr. Garnet
 had a note in his possession, in answer
 to the one sent by Mr. Garnet, asking
 for the use of the church, and that what
 Mr. Douglass was then saying was not
 so, and would therefore say that he
 was uttering a falsehood. Mr. Doug
 lass yielded the floor for Mr. Worth
 ington to proceed, wjiifli not being ac
 cepted, Mr. Bowers fnoved to lay the
 resolution on the table, untii Mr. Gar
 net shall he present. Carried.
 Resolutions I*2, 13, 14, 15, passed
 without opposition.
 Mr. Garnet having arrived, the note
 was called for and read, when the house
 decided that the remarks of Mr. F.
 Douglass were strictly true, ana that
 the note was but another deception
 practised by the Trustees, or as many
 of tl\gm as sanctioned it, together with
 their Minister, Stephen H. Glostcr.
 Dr. J. J. G. Bias, President,
 Wm. Thos. Oatto, Secrelarjes
 tiF.o, W. Goings.
 The committee appointed to prepare
 ttie address, reported as follows:
 Address from the Anti-Slavery Convention,
 assembled in the Brick \\\sley Church, Oct.
 2J and 'id, 1818, to iho Co’orcd Citizens
 of the City and County of Philadelphia.
 The undersigned Committee, ap
 pointed by a Convention of your fellow
 citizens of this city and county, to ad
 dress you upon matters appertaining to
 our general interests, take pleasure in
 the performance of the duty. We so
 licit your patience and impartial atten
 tion to the things which we respecifully
 i suggest, that &gt;ou may be fully qualified
 to judge of the worth and character of
 the principles which we shall advance,
 and which we trust will commend
 themselves to your hearts, and secure
 your systematic co-operation.
 If we should present our subject to
 you in a single sentence, we should say
 —Equality, Brotherly Love and Liberty
 to all men. This is our theme.
 A union of sentiment and mutual co
 j operation upon questions of general in
 terests is indispensable to our success
 in our onward career in the cause ot
 freedom. The same power that gives
 our foes success in an unholy warfare
 upon human rights, will be far more
 potent in our huuds whenever we arm
 ourselves in a righteous cause. Slave
 holders and their supporters appreciate
 the old adage, “In union there is
 strength.” Shall we value this great
 power less than they? We most sin
 cerely hope that the future history of
 this people will prove that we do uot.—
 The rain from the clouds tails in single
 drops to the earth, and swells the re
 sistless streams that sweep onward to
 the ocean. The condensation of steam
 gives velocity to complicated machi
 nery, and a union of kindred hearts,
 trusting in God, is the power in his
 hands by which he sways and governs
 the moral world. We therefore exhort
 you to love and cherish union of action
 among yourselves on the question,
 which are equally important to us all.—
 By being united ourselves, we can
 break the union of slaveholders. Their
 bond of uniou is slavery, and is formed
 in hell—let ours be composed of peace,
 love, mercy, and freedom, and it will
 be blessed of heaven, and will strength
 en through all time, and will be reful
 gent with glory in all eternity.
 Are you counected with the gory in
 stitution of slavery in your ecclesiasti
 cal relations? Are you a Presbyterian
 a Baptist —an Episcopalian—a Meth
 odist, or of any other religious body
 that is in union with slaveholders? If
 so we entreat you to alter that relatioo.
 Forsake these murderers and destroy
 ers of your people, and let the world
 know why you do it. Thus will you
 cleanse your hands of blood, and record
 on the book of life your condemnation
 of the accursed system of slavery,--
 We believe your consciences on tfeii
 matter are right—follow, we beseech
 you, the convictions of your con
 science*.
ROCHESTER. N. Y., FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 10, 1848.
Come out from among these men
 stealers and men-slayers. They live
 and reign upon the broken hearts and
 prostrated liberties of yoor brothers
 1 and sisters, parents, children, bus
 bands and wives. Sighs mingle with
 the chiming of bells, and groans are
 the deep bass of the organs of those
 synagogues of Satan, and dens of
 thieves. They use the sacred Bible to
 sustain these enormities, and from their
 pulpits, and down their aisles the voice
 of your brothers’ blood, louder than
 that of the murflered Abel, cries,
 Come out of her, and be ye sepa
 rated!”
 We ask you not to give up your faith,
 but we pray you to draw a line between
 slavery and freedom, and be ye on the
 side of God. By so doing, nothing
 will be lost, but everything will be
 gained, both in a temporal and spiritual
 point of view. Above all, you will gain
 the peace of a clear conscience, and
 the approbation of Jehovah. Come
 out —O come out from among them.—
 Now that you are among them, they
 trade in the souls of your fell jw-nien;
 what more could you do were you se
 parate from them? If you sympathize
 with them, then you are as guilty as
 they; if you are opposed to their ini
 quity, why do you continue to struggle
 against your better judgment, and re
 main with them?
 By enlightened politicians throughout
 the civilized world, slavery has been
 pronounced a curse to man, and a sin
 against God. It has been pursued by
 the avenging sword of the Almighty
 from land to land. On this continent it
 is confined to the United States and
 Brazil—and there it is trembling be
 tween the fierce fires of freedom that
 are closing upon it from the North, and
 the distant South. It cries for help,
 and pleads for its life as the flames roll
 on. And now we call upon you to look
 and see from whence it receives suc
 cor. Whither does it flee for a final
 refuge? It leaps in among the priest
 hood, and shelters itself behind their
 altars In the words of James G. Bir
 ney, the American Church is the
 bulwark of slavery.” In the language
 of the Rev. Albert Barnes, if there
 was no slavery in the church, there is
 no power that could keep it in exist
 ence a single day.” Do we charge the
 truth home upon your minds! In the
 Presbyterian church, slavery has its
 advocates in the persons of Chftrlcs C.
 Jones, of South Carolina; William S.
 Plumer, of Maryland, and Joel Parker
 of Philadelphia. The Episcopalians
 have their Bishops, Meads, and Polka,
 and Aliens, Win. H. Barnwell, South
 Carolina. The Methodists have their
 Soules and Bascoms, and the Baptists
 theif Davis and Fuller—these and oth
 ers rule the churches in favor of the
 devil. They take the Bible and shield
 the abominable system of slavery which
 embraces robbery, theft, idolatry, Sab
 bath-breaking, murder, adultery, rape,
 and defiance to God. These men had
 long ago deluged the world with infi
 delity, and drowned the last hope of
 justice, had not instinct been superior
 to reason, and conscience the sovereign
 of argument. Thank God that con
 science and instinct reign triumphantly,
 aud that there is hope for mankind.
 Beloved friends, remember what is
 the foundation of Christianity. It is
 this —“That you do unto others the
 things that ye would that others should
 do unto you.” Pure religion and
 undefiled before God and the Father, is
 this, that ye visit the widows and the
 fatherless in their afflictions, and that
 ye keep yourselves unspotted from the
 world.” We are to recognize our
 selves in the persons of our enslaved
 fellow men.
 The Committee would entreat their
 brethren henceforth to exclude slave
 holders and their apologists from their
 pulpits; to withdraw their support from
 the American Board of Foreign Mis
 sions and Bible, and the Tract Socie
 ties, all of which, in this country, are
 j pro-slavery, and use your pecuniary
 means for the promotion of your reli
 gious institutions, which are clear ol
 blood-guiltiness.
 We advise Christians of the various
 orders, whose connections are pro
 i slavery, to meet together immediately,
 i and draw a line, not of complexion, but
 principle, and declare their independ
 ence. All this can be done, and your
 former faith and order retained, if they
 are valuable to you. But we believe
 tiiat just in proportion as the hearts ol
 men are influenced by the spirit ol the
 gospel, the teachings and discipline ol
 the Bible will supersede the dogmas ol
 men, and Christians in a given com
 munity will be regarded as the church
 of that community.” Press on in the
 good way, and do and speak the truth
 •the truth in love.
 Hexbt H. GiaxET,
 George Gaibrath,
 J. J. G. Bus,
 Wm. T. Catto,
 D. J. Peck, M. D.
 October 3d, 1848-
From tbe Librralor.
 LETTER FROM HIRAM WILSOBf.
 Diirs Mill*, C. W. f Sept. 27.
 p'dmund Esq.—Dear Sir:—
 Some weeks, ago, while m Boston, I
 received a donation from a friend ot
 humanity, who desired of me informa
 tion through the Liberator, respecting
 the Stored population of Canada West,
 i, u* W.J the promise of information
 sk* n "r equally g«Hfy *her,. 1
 proceed, without further apology, to
 g The colored population of Canada
 l„ tw&gt;«&gt;n v a non sly estimated.at from
 A.U..
 laws here know no man by the color ol
 his skin, there has never been a distinct
 census taken of them. I think the
 number woold (all a little short of 20,*
1000; some having emigrated to the
 West Indies, and many returned to the
 Northern States, where they are com
 paratively safe, though not constitu
 tionally so. As an asylum for the fu
 gitive slave, Canada YVest is a desira
 ble country, much more so than is gen
 erally supposed. The climate is mild
 and salubrious, the soil is unusually
 fertile and productive, and bountifully
 rewards the hand of industry. The fu
 gitive, having been accustomed to toil
 in the South, can, if industrious, sub
 sist here comfortably; if lazy, he will
 suffer, and ought to die; for he that
 will not work, neither should he eat,
 and Jailing to eat, he will surely die.—
 1 has£ never yet, however, attended the
 funeral of one who died of starvation
 in Canada, nor ever heard of such an
 instance. As among the white inhabit
 ants, some are more industrious,* and
 consequently more comfortable and
 prosperous, than others. Recently
 there has been a marked decrease in
 the emigration to this country from the
 house of bondage, for the reason
 that civilization is increasing in the
 Northern States, and many are stopping
 by the tray. Should barbarism entirely
 disappear from the North, and the gold
 en rule of Christianity, which is loudly
 professed, become the governing prin
 ciple, the fugitive slave would no longer;
 be complied to fly naked and desolate I
 to the realms of Victoria, for liberty
 and protection. I have the pleasure of
 saying, that fugitive slaves are now bet
 ter furnished with the means of comfort
 on their way than formerly; hence
 their necessities arc not so great after
 they get here.
 What they most need is instruction,
 as they generally come into Canada
 deplorably ignorant of letters. At
 three different points they are receiving!
 instruction, viz Amhersthurg, twenty
 miles below Detroit; at Dawn, sixty!
 miles from Detroit, and twenty from the
 St. Clair river; and at the (Queen’s,
 Bush, fifty miles north-west of the head
 of Lake Ontario. At these points the
 gospel is preached regularly, education J
 promoted, and clothing, boohs, &amp;c.,,
 distributed among the destitute. At
 Amherstburgh, Isaac J. Rice and his
 wife, formerly from Northern Ohio, and
 Miss Armeda Gibbs, of Boston, are la
 boring with becoming zeal. Fugitives
 more frequently reach that point than
 any other in Canada. At Queen’s
 Bush, where the settlement is large,;
 John S. Brooks, formerly lro:n Massa-'
 chusetts, and his wife, from Bloomfield,.
 Me., are laboring with Christian forti-'
 tude and fidelity, in peculiarly trying
 circutrftetanccs; also, Elias E. Kirk-
 laud and his wife, who, previously to
 1840, spent two years in Dawn. Bro. I
 K. is a worthy, faithful man, and L am i
 happy to learn that the Weslcyans, at!
 the East, have undertaken to support
 him. At Dawn, t e writer of this is on 1
 hand, serving as a missionary, local;
 and at large, endeavoring to do his du-
 tv, aided by his wife and Mrs. Loranna
 Parker, the latter from Oneida county,:
 N. Y. She has for several years had
 the charge of the juvenile school, a
 better than which is not to be found in
 this part of Canada. Number of scho
 lars, 30. She required a new school
 house, and might have 40 to 50 scho
 lars. The Manual Labor Institute is not
 at present in so flourishing a condition
 as is desirable. It has never accom
 plished much in the summer season, for
 the reason that young men choose to be
 out at service; in the winter it is usual
 ly thronged. I here is not so much en
 couragement for educating adults as
 children, and the trustees are more
 disposed to attend to the latter, and as
 soon as practicable to open a depart
 ment for the reception and instruction
 of Orphans between the ages of 7 and
 14 years. Dawn is the only place in
 Canada where property is held by trus
 tees for the advancement of education.
 Here it consists of three hundred acres
 of the very best of land, at the head of
 navigation, on a beautiful stream, 100
 acres improvement; a few buildings,
 includin'? a steam saw-mill,worth about
 $3,000.° The whole property might be
 estimated at about $13,001).
 Here are vast resources undevel
 oped, by means of which thousands of
 colored people might obtain a comfort
 able livelihood. The place is new, and
 the population small, but rapidly in
 creasing. A nucleus has been formed,
 around which great interests rnay yet
 cluster. This settlement is, as it should
 be, surrounded aal somewhat inter
 spersed with white people. I have al
 ways opposed exclusive settlements,
 and am equally opposed to exclusive
 schools. Let white and colored peo
 ple mingle together, and have their
 children educated together in the same
 schools, and the low, vulgar prejudices
 which prevail would soon disappear. A
 considerable number of the colored
 children of Canada have free access to
 existing schools, in common with white
 children. This has been brought about
 since my efforts commenced among
 them. One word ia regard to our sup
 port. We are here serving the cause
 of philanthropy as volunteers, having
 no regular or reliable support guaran
 tied us from* any source under the
 heavens. We work under no sectarian
 auspices. Our mission is purely anti
 slavery, aud if entitled to the confidence
 of abolitionists, ought to be supported
 by them.
 I have thought proper to state these
 facts, because many suppose we are
 well cared for by the American church
 es, which is far from being the case, or
 that an Anti-Slavery Board, called the
 American Missionary Association, sus
 tains us, which is a great mistake. The
 litter serves only as a channel through
 which help comes, if particularly desig
 nated for our mission, or for schools
 connected therewith, and not otherwise,
 Our receipta through this channel are
 gg s»'-4sr r
small compared with our necessities,
 and much of thewtime it is our lot to
 suffer. These things are perplexing,
 and ought not so to be. I would fur
 ther state what I know to be true of
 others as well as inyself, that we are
 obliged, after planning wisely, econo
 mizing closely, and working prodi
 giously hard w ith our hands much of the
 time to maintain our lot ting and continue
 our services, to sacrifice our own ef
 fects, or put what li tie worldly sub
 stance we have in jeopardy, to keep up
 credit, and enable us to live; and fre
 quently the poor are suffering while
 boxes of clothing intended for their re
 lief are wailing at ports for months,
 subject to charges of freightage which
 it is not iu our power to meet. Such is
 the fact at the present time, and it is a
 shame that it is so. 1 have no appeal
 to make, having often made them to but
 little purpose. What little substance 1
 possess is serving me, as the basis of
 credit, till help shall come from some
 source, or my labors here terminate.—
 This is a sad picture, hut the truth
 must be told. I may never be heard
 from again, but would say, in conclu
 sion, that those generous friends who
 have sympathized with the forioru fugi
 gitive and aided me in my work, have
 my sincere thanks and best wishes.
 Very respectfully yours,
 HIRAM WILSON.
 P. S. The above has reference to
 such laborers as have come over from
 the United States. Several colored men
 might be named w'ho are doing much
 for the benefit of their brethren.
 H. W.
SCENES IN CHINA.
 As there is no part of the world so
 densly populated as China, so there is
 no part of the empire so densly popu
 lated as Canton. The streets are ex
 ceedingly narrow, and in many places
 hardly sufficient to allow the crowded
 population to pass. There are no
 wheel carriages to use. The passenger
 walking through the town, is constantly
 jostled by the chairbearers of the man
 darins, or wealthy merchants. .Recov
 ering from such a shock, a coole or
 porter, bearing a burden, knocks him
 against the wall with a sort of grunt, j
 while he is shu tHcd in a opposite three-'
 tion by a second. Peculiarly curious
 to English eyes are the number and;
 variety of live stock which are exposed j
 for sale in those naraow' streets—puppy
 dogs yelping in bamboo cages, kittens
 mewing, rats squeaking, fowls clucking,
 ducks quacking, geese cackling, and
 pigs grunting. Fish swimming, and
 earth-worms, slung, etc., etc., various
 ly disposed, are exhibited in tubs and
 earthen pans. A barber close by
 twangs his iron tweezers tdTcall his cus
 tomers hear him another operates on
 a patient customer, seated on a tripod
 stand —plating his tail, cleaning his
 ears, shaving his head and face, ex
 tracting all long and superfluous hair I
 from his eyebrows, and nose, and j
 finishing oIT by a good thumping of his
 back, and cracking bis joints. Hard
 by is an itinerant vender of cooked
 food, with an enormous reed umbrella,
 dispensing rich, fat pork, and stews j
 swimming in oil and soy, which he
 serves out in small bowls and basins to!
 his hungry customers, who devour tin
 mess with an epicure’s gout. Reside
 this merchant is seated a brother itiher-i
 ant, vender of sweetmeats. A little
 farther on stands a bookseller, expos
 ing his library, the contents of two
 boxes which lie hawks about. In this
 vicinity is a fortune teller, in the act of;
 unfolding the future to an anxious dupe,
 and a doctor decorated with a string of;
 human teeth around his neck, extend
 ing below his waist while his box of
 drugs hangs before him. Then an aged
 woman may be seen, with feet three
 inches long, seated under an umbrella,
 mending oM clothes, while a passer-by
 wanting a button sewed on, repairs to!
 her, and remunerates with “cash.”j
 Not far distant a leprous beggar ex
 hibits bis disgusting sores, and rattles
 two pieces of bamboo to attract atten
 tion. Suppose the air tilled with the
 noises, cries and vociferations of these
 verious venders and of the constantly
 chanting throng of human beings, and
 some slight conception may be formed
 of Canton on approaching liog Lane.
 Going through this thoroughfare, which
 is occupied by spirit shops, and stores
 of all kinds announcements such as the
 following arrest the eye Ingii is
 ere spok Jack all ting ere find
 will with other of similar orthogra
 phy. This street is frequented by
 sailors, and being the resort of the
 lowest and most depraved, Jack often
 gets robbed, and becoming crusty, uses
 his fists, when a general ttrimtnage
 takes place. —Dublin Unicertily Jtf'iga-
From Y. Hera!/'.
 GREAT ABOLITION MOVF.HF.ST-
 M ASIIFESTO OF THE JTECROEi.
 The grand abolition movement of the
 day, which ia now agitating llie North
 ern State*, in of a mixed complexion,
 with a slice of black and a slice of
 white, in somewhat unequal propor
 tion*. Heretofore, most attention has
 been paid to the white slice, uhich has
 been represented chiefly bv John Van
 Btircn, of Kinderhook. The meeting
 which was held the other day in the
 I Park—and a great meeting it was, of
 from seven to ten thousand people, ac
 coidmg to the estimates—represented
 only the sentiments of the white streak
 of abolitionism, or the free soil move
 ment, as it is called. The manifesto
 which we publish in our columns this
 day, which has been issued by a color
 ed convention, held at Cleveland, 0.,
 j comprehend* the view* and purp©***/”
 the colored race themselves, or of the
 black streak of Northern Abolition**®
 m
JOHX DICK.. P®*i
WHOLE NO—46.
It is signed by Frederick Douglass,
 and several other persons. Douglass,
 it may be remembered, has been in the
 newspapers in former days; has, like
 John an Buren, travelled in Kngiand
 some years ago, and has made himself
 notorious in sever*! ways. By his ac
 tivity and talents, he has been keeping
 up the agitation among the colored peo
 ple in the North. Originally, he was
 a slave in the South, but tugk to his
 heels one day, and somehow made his
 escape. He is now the great leader of
 the colored abolition section of the
 North, and inay be considered as the
 compeer of John Van Huren, the
 big gun of the white section of the’samo
 party.
 The manifesto put forth by these col
 ored people is quite a curiosity in litera
 ture, philosophy, and shaving. In all tho
 speeches proceeding from John Van
 Huron, that orator generally confines
 himself to fhe subject of the exclusion
 of slavery from California, and the or
 ganization oj a party at the North,
 founded upon sentiments of hostility
 towards Southern slavery as a political
 or social element. John appears to be
 always remarkably cautious not to give"
 any encouragement to the abolition of
 slavery as it now is in the Southern
 States. But when a party shall have
 been once organized upon such senti
 ments, as he now attempts, it will be
 very difficult to stop, in mid career,*
 and make its supporters be satisfied
 with the mere exclusion of slavery in a
 remote territory, bordering upon tho
 shores of the fur-olf Pacific.
 Frederick Douglass, the leader of tho
 other section in the same agitation, and
 belonging to tho black side of the ques
 tion, lets the cat out of the bag. In
 the manifesto, it seems that the colored
 race at the North are determined here
 after to abandon shaving beards, black
 ing boots, and carrying trunks or par
 cels— their ambition is roused to higher
 occupations. They talk of mingling
 with all the institutions of white soci
 ety. What ute white institutions? Tho
 institution of marriage is a very im
 portant white one in the social scale,
 and we presume that that is meant as
 well as the rest, and that the emancipa
 tion of the colored races of the South
 would not satisfy Frederick Douglase
 and his compatriots, without the same
 facility being obtained for blacks and
 whites to marry, and to be given in
 marriage together. Douglass says that
 shaving, boot-blacking, and carrying
 parcels, are nothing better than being
 slaves to the community; and that they
 ought never to relax their agitation
 until this species of slavery is abol
 ished as firmly as tlyit which exists in
 the South.
 The movements, declarations and
 singular developments df John Vafr
 Buren, and the white abolitionists, and
 also of Frederick Douglass and his
 colored brethren, begin to throw a good
 deal of light upon the future progress
 and purposes of this party and its vari
 ous branches, should they obtain an as
 cendancy in the North, and henceforth
 in the Union. Not only will General
 Qass and General Taylor both lose
 their elections to the Presidency, hut
 hereafter the white race will have to
 wear their beard* at full length, and to
 black their own hoots, or let them re
 main dirty. A revolution is threatened
 by the new movement, therefore, not
 only political, hut social, personal, ex
 tending from the crown of the head to
 the sole of the foot, including hoots,
 breeches and beards. Already, too,
 the advocates of the free soil movement
 boast of being able to carry a majority
 of the free States. But whatever
 strength they may show next month,
 John V an Buren and his party are sure
 of carrying everything before them in
 IfSVi. It is probably the apprehension
 if this state of things, as pictured on
 one part by John, and on the other by
 Douglass, which has gradually prepared
 the minds of the young geneiation to
 be ready to live a short life without bar
 bers and boot-blacks. In the last few
 years the quantity of moustaches and
 beards has been much increased upon
 Broadway, and by the time that the
 new party comes into power, and Fred
 erick Douglass's sentiments in relation
 to shaving and hoot-biackii.g are car
 ried into effect, there will he no neces
 sity for artists of that description of
 either rare.
 We certainly are living in strange
 tirues, and are witnessing strange com
 binations. There is John V'an Buren,
 the son of an ex-President, a talented,
 eloquent, witty white man, heading one
 section of a party, and Frederick
 Douglass, a runaway slave from the
 South, marshaling another section of
 the same party, ail moving in Hke di
 rection for the abolition of. shaving sod
 boot-blacking, and to defeat Gtneral
 Conn and General Taylor, all in a
 Jnmp. Well, on the 7th of neat month,
 wc shall see what will be the issse of
 this many-colored crusade. We will
 then know the fate of Taylor, Cuss,
 barbers and boot-blacks.
 Lift —its trials. —To tiud one who
 has parsed through life without sor
 row you must find one who is incapable
 of love or hatred, of hope or fear —&lt;&gt;n©
 that has no memory of the past, arid no
 thought of the future —one that ha* ,if
 sympathies with humanity, and feel
 ing in common with the rest spe
 cie*.
 A Pout or Ooorr.— lo lh
 lature of Kentucky, dorm*: |b«
 ,ioo. o*~l*r i-mu-J h
 rMu.rl.Wr «"»d r *I-T h
 drink of »»!«r i ..o*»r m.mWr,
 „„,l Blor». roM lo pout of order—
 Every body stared, wondering what
 the point of order w as. m
 What is it?” said the Speaker.
 “1 think, sir,” continued Mr. Blots,
 it iw out of order for i wixd null to
 go by water.”
