Cotorphobia.
 In the Supreme Courtul Tennessee in 1834
 there came up for adjudication the f'"
 case, to wu Freder.ck. of
 ton, of the o Carolina line, with hit
 master ron|eil eoliated and fought througf
 *»ne war of the Revolution. It seems that «m
 the Bth day of August. 1821, as Frederick*!
 name was found on the muster r«JI, a warrant
 was issued, giving- him the molnier’s bounty
 of 1000 acres of land. The question belorc
 the court was, whether that thousand acre*
 of land hjlonged to Ftedeuck or bia master,
 The decision of Judge Catron it in these
 words: Fiederick, the slave of Col. Pat
 ton. earned this warrant by bta services m th*
 continental line. What it earned by th*
 slave belongs to the master by the Commor
 law, the civil law, and the recognized rule*
 of property in the Slavebolding States of thu
 I’nion.” Of course the land went, not U
 Frederick but to the heirs of Col. Patton.
 To the fanatical” thia seems to be i
 tather hard case. But then Frederick was i
 black inan and a slave, and as that class o
 person are supposed to possess no right to rut
 away from slavery to liberty, I suppose h&lt;
 had no right to fight for liberty— at any rate
 I presume the decision of Judge Catron, ac
 cording to the slave code is correct.
 The Law allows it and the court award* it.”
 I his case is cited now, however, chiefly fo
 the purpose of calling public attention ti
 another and somew hat similar casenf recon
 occurrence.
 A man who bad volunteered to go to Mcxi
 co in November, 1840— and who had beei
 there ever since, and fought well and bravely
 in all or nearly all the principal battles, ap
 plied at the office in this city for his discharge
 and warrant for the one hundred and sixti
 acres of land, given to all the returned vol
 unteers. The officer proceeded to fill up tb&lt;
 usual printed form—desciibing the man ai
 having light hair and eyes, &amp;e., &amp;c,; but be
 fore he got through, he in some way madi
 the discovery that the poor fellow was so un
 fortunate as to have negro blood in bis veins
 whereupon he erased from the discharge th&lt;
 words honorably discharged,” and refuse*
 to give the warrant for the land, stating ii
 w riting as his reason for such a course, tha
 the man was a negro. Ilia fellow soldieis i
 seems had never made the discovery.
 An Escape.
 e have just heard of the escape fron
 slavery of a white girl, eighteen years of age
 of uncommon beauty the property of a clergy
 man at tlie South. When questioned as it
 her parentage, she did not deny that lie:
 owner w as her faiher
 W .is the history of Slavery only fairly writ
 ten out, and its infamy excised, there wouk
 not he hundreds of thousands of men leaguer
 together at the North for its support. It is
 the prevailing political heresies of the agt
 that is the cause of the continuance of this
 monster evil, aided by the selfish spirit oi
 many of our own community, who either o**r
 Blares themselves, or will not yield an iota ol
 their commercial operations to loosen the
 chains of the oppressed.
 Wliat is to be thought of the splendid Con
 stitution of the country, over whi h Mr.
 Webster h.s pored, and in regard to the
 merits and defence of which lie lias agent the
 best or his lile •llow long will tins gieai
 man continue to reverence an instrument
 winch slavery has nullified, and which has
 expelled from Southern Slates the b »t men
 of the North, who have gone timber under
 its broad ehieid to protect the rignts of tree
 men 1 ium long will he suffer himself to
 uphold that, w Inch has utterly tailed to u, hold
 l.ie rights of his own constituents, ami which
 can give no security to me most re?p clahie
 men in Boston, were iliey led from any cause
 to visit Chaileslon, Savannah, New Orleans
 or Mobile?
 So black has this sin become, that a moral
 blight is n .w hanging like a pall over this na
 tion, uiyte fearful than from any other uation
 al calamity on its records. Oui hope is in
 God, that even ihe owest depth of degrada
 tion may b j over-ruled in such a manner, as
 finally to turn all hearts m one direction for
 its over throw Christian World.
 Slavery at War with the interests of
 the Free Laboring Classes. —An English
 Correspondent of the Liberator says, and
 truly:
 The real object of slavery is to depress
 the wages of the working classes— to, with
 hold from the working community, white or
 black, the just rights of labor—to deprive the
 workman of the money to which his labor
 entitles him, and the possession of which
 would enable him to spend it in the necessaries
 or comforts of life, and also contribute his
 •hare to the national and local taxation, and
 to the national circulation of wealth.
 And what are the advantages of slavery
 That the slave owner may retain in his own
 pocket the honest earnings of the working
 people, depriving the nation of its circulation.
 Interfering with the just rights of labor, by
 generally depiessing the price of it, and by
 extorting from the workman, at the cost of a
 few cents only, the labor which really des
 erves a dollar or upwards, sacrificing the
 national interest, the national character with
 foreign countries, the national consistency,
 and the national honesty, all for the private
 interest of the slave-owner alone.
 What a libel upon the word Freedom,’
 and fraud upon the rights of the laborers, is
 Slavery
 F allen Greats ess —M ehemet Ali, Viceroy
 of Egypt, and once the ennquerer of the
 armies of his master, the Sultan, has been
 superseded by his son, the aged chief having
 been pronounced by a Commission unfit to
 govern. The new dignitary, upon his return
 to Cairo, did not visit his suffering father,
 who takes hit daily drives in his carriage, and
 lives in the same style he was wont to do, in
 his ow ii p-ilaee, but no one takes any notice
 of bun, and indeed no one is permitted to
 approach Imn. His mind is perfectly gone.
 Slaveholdi.no Perfidy.— A correspondent
 of the Boston Chronotypp states the following
 facts as having occuntd within his own
 know ledge
 The Schooner Wakulla, of Castine, one
 of tier crew being a colored man, arrived lasi
 July at St. Mary’s, Georgia. Knowing the
 laws relative to negioes, the enpiain made en
 quiries and was lufutined by the authorities
 that lie would be unmolested. He proceeded
 to the miiis some distance up the river, loaded,
 and when returning, to his astonishment, an
 officer cauie on board Ins vessel and ai rested
 him upon a charge of violating i|, e aw
 was fined one hundred dollars, which he wa
 compelled to pay belore being ie|,-.,sed
 Another \es*,-i tr.nft the eastward, wuh six
 colored men among her cr w, was it.ere ai
 the same time—tire captain ua« deceived n
 the sAintj niaunoi and *udiged to p,\ Hi3k lU|(
 dred do lars. It was sa;d tha! a iown 11,,).*
 or some similar building was i,, he er«*ci.d j
 that place and the au'hoilli s Je iriti« to i.,&gt;
 their own p- ople &amp;s l:ttle as jmism ,ie, ado u
 this method ol detra&gt;top the x&lt;*en*e.
 Hon. Joshua iv. —i n f fU?
 human freedom every where will r.jojce at it,
 to .mphant re-. leeti, nof tins noble u u _
 With s head ih*i never leads astrity, and j
 huart ever b*ali g responsive to the ca!,*
 op, re.-sed humanity, it could Rot oe Ins 1&gt; t u
 escape t. t e hostility “I uiuu who place part*
 belore pii triple, ami success oA-ue imueaty
 IS ch nien— t ,e hunker* of boin parti -a—no
 ted to dele t lull. But THE FEoPLE, win
 knew him, and whom he had faithfully served,
 were not to l&gt;e moved. He i* gloriously
 sustained, against ail the efforts of Caaaian,
 and Taylor ism combined. Long may he live
 to be a mouth for the dumb, and an inn of
 strength to th- downtrodden.— Con. Dim.
 A Son wwmath.* F*t«ee.—Mo-ee B
 Corwin, the Den,• cm elec ed io C« gr***&gt;
 from the 4th Dtatri, t o Ohi,,,b.at his ath .r,
 be Whig caudidau .ul SOu
TriE NORTH STAR.
NOVEMBER 17. 184 S.
Boston, Nov. 10, 1848.
 My Dias Readers: Although I have
 heen absent from Rochester during three is
 sues of the North Star, thia, 1 presume, will
 be the first intimation given of the fact. The
 •cznty editorial matter which I have tent to
 *hf| pap?r for the past two weeka, has been
 written on the wing, aod in the mute of paas
 ing engagement*. You will sympathize with
 me w hen I tell you that I find it neccaaary to
 go abroad in person to secure the number of
 subscribers requisite to the support of our pa
 per. This ought not to be, and would not be
 the case if suitable agents could be obtained,
 who would enforce the claims of the paper
 upon the public, and secure subscribers aod
 subscriptions for it. But theae we have not,
 and in consequence find it necessary to go forth
 myself. I regret this only on one account,
 and that is, it deprives me of the time and
 means of making the paper what I desire,
 and w hat it ought to be. This difficulty I
 hope will not much longer exist. I hope
 soon to be able to say that the North Star is
 on a firm foundation, with a living subscrip
 tion list. There is one advantage in being
 i compelled to travel thas. It affords me many
 opportunities to plead the cause with the
 tongue as well as the pen, and keep alive a
 wider interest than the paper alone could pos
 sibly create. I found some difficulty in get
 ting up meetings in this State during the ex
 citing canvass just closed, and have had many
 opportunities of attending political meetings,
 especially those of the Free Soil party. I
 attended one of these last night in Faneuil
 Hall, and heard speeches by Charles Francis
 Adams, Amos Walker, and Richard H.
 I Dana. The latter is the author of the fa
 mous book entitled “Two Years Before the
 Mast.” He is small of suture, but large in
 intellect, and made a speech last night of
 great power and clearness. His subject was
 Robert C. Wmthrop, and so far as I could see,
 he did that subject ample justice. He showed
 that Mr. Winthrop w as but a bind of the slave
 power, was an untrustworthy person on the
 subject of slavery, and that through his means
 more than any other, Mr. Webster's claims
 in the Philadelphia Convention were slighted,
 and General Taylor’s nomination accomplish
 ed. He proved clearly that Winthrop’s rea
 son for epposiug the adoption of a resolution,
 embracing the Wilmol Pioviso, in the great
 W log Convention of Massachusetts, was not
 as he hal said, frum a fear of injuring Daniel
 Webster’s claims to a nomination by the
 Whig National Convention, but a fear of
 Committing the State against the nomination
 ot Zachary Taylor. It w as easy to see, after
 listenii g to the candid epetch of Mr. Dana,
 that a more compromisive creature than Mr.
 Wimhrop dots not breathe. The Whigs
 made a great hue and cry against Mr. Palfrey,
 because he refut-ed to vote lot ill's tool of the
 slave power, but I think uo candid person,
 howmuchso.vet of a partisan, would have
 found fault with Mr. Palfrey, could he have
 known the course of Mr. Wmthrop, as it was
 exposed last night by Mr. Dana. The
 speech of Mr. Walker was able and inter
 esting. The old cotton Whigs of this State
 are very much annoyed by the Free Soil vote,
 and the defeat to which that vote subjected
 them. Winthrop bad already, in the con
 sciousness of strength peculiar to him, pre
 dicted that General Taylor was able teflput
 down disunion, whether it come in the
 shape of Free Soil at the North, or free trade
 at the South.” This hint at the interference
 with the freedom of speech by the National
 Government, was turned with good effect by
 Mr. Dana.
 Since I left home, I have spoken in Spring
 field, Lynn and New Bedford, Mass. I am
 to speak in Lowell to-morrow and Sunday;
 and next week I shall attend the Annual
 Meeting of the Rhode Island Anti-Slavery
 Society. The cause of the slave is evidently
 onward, but it will require great vigilance and
 devotion to principle to prevent the cause from
 falling into the hands f compromisers, who
 nay do more harm than open opponents. The
 true and invulnerable ground for this cause, is
 an entire separation from this blood-stained
 Union. Our Free Soil friends are hampered
 at every step by this very Union and Consti
 tution, and will sooner or later have to yield
 to the slave power, or go for a dissolution of
 this unhallowed Union.
 Yours to the end,
 FREDERICK DOUGLASS.
 The Blood of the Slave on the skirts of
 the Northern People.
 A victim of youi power and oppression,
 humbly craves your attention to a few words,
 (in behalf of himself and three millions ot his
 brethren, whom you hold in chains and sla
 very.) with respect to the electiou just com
 pleted. In doing so, I desire to be regarded
 as addressing you, individually and collect
 ively. If I should seem severe, remember
 that the iron of slavery has pierced and
 rankled in my heart, and that I not only smart
 under ihe recollection of a long and cruel en
 slavement, but am even now passing my life
 in a country, and among a people, whose pre
 judices against myself and people subjects me
 to a thousand |Hiisonous stings. If 1 speak
 harshly, my excuse is, that 1 speak in fetters
 of y*»ur own forging. Remember that op
 pression halt) the power to make even a wise
 .nan mad.
 In the selecuon of your national rulers just
 completed, you have made another broad mar
 »u the page ot youi nation's history, and bate
 Titeu to the world and the coming generation
 c iuu irst by which to determine ymft
 resent, integrity as a |&gt;eople. Thai serious
 -peak louder than words —that within th.
 j.araticr of ihe representative may be eceL
 J.at of ih constituency—rhat no people an
 ener than th lr laws or law-makers—that a
 -tream cannot r higher iha.t its source—
 hat a sweet Inuutain cannot send forth bitte
 aster, and that a tree is to be known by iu
 1 r uita, are truia i a and m their light let oa
 •Xamina the character aod pretensions of your
 masted Republic.
 At a people, you claim for yourselves a
 Higher civilisation —a purer morality a deep
 r religions fanh—a larger here of liberty, end
 i broader philanthropy, than anv other nation
 in the globe. In a word, yroo claim yours to
 a model Republic, and promise, by tbe
 (tree aod excellence of your institutions, and
 he purity and bnghtoase of yoor exainp.e, to
overthrow the throaae tad despotisms of th
 old world, sod sudltilnte your own in ibei
 stead. Your miaSunariee are found in lb
 remotaat parts of the globe, while ear Ism
 swarms with churches mod religioos institu
 riooa. Io words of Religion aod Liberty, yot
 wre abundant and pre-eminent. You ban
 long desired to get rid of tbe odium of beiof
 regarded as pro-slavery, ai*i have even insist
 ed that the charge of pro-slavery made agains
 j you waa a elander£ml that those who roadt
 it were animated and fanatical spirit
 To make your innocence apparent, yon havt
 now had a fair opportunity. Tbe issue
 I freedom or slavery hat been clearly aobmiuet
 'to you, and you have deliberately chaser
 slavery.
 General Taylor and General Cass were th«
 chosen and admitted Southern and slavery
 candidates for the Presidency. Martin Van
 Buren, though far from being an abolitionist,
 yet in some sort represented the Anti-Slavery
 idea of the North, in a political form—him
 you have rejected, and elected a slaveholdei
 to rule over you in his stead. When the
 j question was whether New Mexico and Cali
 j forma shall be Free or Slave States, you have
 rejected him who was solemnly pledged tc
 maintain their freedom, and have chooen a
 man whom you knew to be pledged, by hie
 1 position, to the maintenance of slavery. By
 your votes, yon have said that slavery is bet
 ter than freedom— that war is better than
 peace, aad that cruelty is better than human
 ity. You have given your sanctum to slave
 rule and slavery propagandistn, and inter
 posed whatever of moral character and stand
 ing you possess, to shield the reputation ol
 slaveholders generally. Yon have said, thai
 to be a man -stealer is mo crime—to traffic in
 human flesh shall be a passport, rather than a
 barrier to your suffrages. To slaveholders
 you have said, Chain up your men anc
 women, and before the bloody lash drive them
 to new fields of toil in California and New
 Mexico. To the slave in his chains you have
 said, Be content in your chains, and if you
 dare to gain your freedom by force, whethei
 in New Mexico or California, in numbers in
 dicated by our votes, our muskets shall find
 you out. In a word, you have again renewed
 your determination to support the Constitu
 tion of the United States, in its parts of free
 dom to the whiles, and slavery to the blacks.
 If General Taylor's slaves run away, you
 have promised again to return them to bond
 age. While General Taylor is the well
 known robher of three hundred human beings
 of all their hard earnings, and is coining their
 hard earnings into gold, you have confpired
 upon him an office worth twenty-five thousand
 dollars a year, and the highest honor uithii
 your power. By this a&lt; t, you have endorsed
 nia character and history. His murders in
 Mexico—l.is bloodhound” cruelty in the
 Florida war—his awful profanity, together
 •vith the cr.mea attendant upon a s.ave planta
 tion, such as theft, robbery, murder, aim
 adultery, you have sanctioned us periictl}
 consistent with youFmorality, humanity, lib
 erty, religion and ehiliziition. You have
 said that the most available and suuatile per
 son in all this great nation, to preside over
 •his model Republic, is warrior, slave
 holder, swearer, and bloodhound importer.—
 During the campaign just ended, your leaders
 have dubbed this man-stealer as an honest
 man and many uf you have shouted over tbe
 lik, as being a truth, thus destroying ali
 moral distinctions. To talk of a veracious
 liar, a pious blasphemer, a righteous robber,
 a candid hypocrite, a sober drunkard, or a
 humane cannibal, would be quite as just and
 rational as to call an admitted man-stealer an
 honest man. Yet in the wildness of a wicked
 enthusiasm, you have given your countenance
 and support to this.
 Now is it too much to say that you have
 made his crimes your ffwn, and that the blood
 of the slave is on your garments You have
 covered his theft with honesty, his blasphemy
 with piety, and, as far as in your power, you
 have rendered the blows intended to destroy
 slavery nugatory and innoxious. Before high
 heaven and the woild, you are responsible for
 the blood of the slave. You may shut your
 eyes to the fact, sport over it, sleep over it,
 dance over it, and sing psalms over it, but so
 sure as there is a God of Justice and an un
 erring Providence, just so sure will the blood
 of the bondman be required at your hands.—
 An opportunity was presented to you by which
 you could have fixed an indellible mark of
 your utter detestation of slavery, and given a
 powerful blow to that bitter curse. This you
 have failed to do. When Christ and Barabbas
 were presented, you have cried out in your
 madness, Give U 3 Barabbasthe robber, in pre
 ference to Christ, tbe innocent. The perish
 ing slave, with uplifted hands and bleeding
 hearts, implored you, in the name of the God
 you profess to serve, and the humanity you
 profess to cherish, not to add this mill-stone
 to the weight already crushing his heart and
 hopes. But he has appealed in vain. You
 have turned a deaf ear to his cries, hardened
 your hearts to his appeal, turned your back
 upon his sorrows, and united with ihe tyrant
 to perpetuate his cnslavemeot. The efforts
 made in your presence to impress yon with
 the awful sin of slavery, and to awaken you
 to a sense of your duty to the oppressed, have
 thus far been unavailing. You continue to
 fight against God, and declare that tnjusfto
 -xalteth a nation, and that sin is an Avnor u.
 any people.
 Do you really think to circumvent God t
 Do you suppose that you can go on iu youi
 present career of injustice aod political profli
 gacy undisturbed Has the Isw of ngbteoa
 retribution been re| ealed tr«»m tbe statutes
 he Al utghiy Or wh it mean ye that y
 &gt;rutse at.d bind my people Will justicesl.-ej
 i*»rever 1 Oh, th a you would lav these thin*
 o heart Oh, that you would consider th
 "‘•rmiiy ol your conduct, and seek lorgne
 oess at tbs ban s «»f a utercilul Creator. Re
 )ient of this wickedness, and bring huih fruit
 .Beet for repentance, by delivering the dt
 ■polled out of the hands of the daspoiler.
 You may imagine that you have now si
 lenced the annoying cry of abolirioo-«-ths
 vuu have sealed the doom of the slave—tha
 abolition is stabbed and dead; bat you wit
 find yooi mistake. Yuu have slabbed, but
 the eauas ia not dead. Though down aac
 bleeding at your feet, she ahali riae again, an*
 ifoing before you, shall give yoa no not till
 you break ovary yoke sod let the opprsssi
 yo free. The Anti-Slavery Sooeoea of the
 iaod will rim up aod spring to action again,
 wading forth from the perns aod oa tha vain*
of the lmng speaker, words of burning ireth
 r to alarm the guilty, to anmask the hypocrite
 to expnee tbe frauds of poliitcal patties, am
 I rebake the spirit of a eerrupt and eaeousttin
 ing church and clergy. Slavery will be st
 j tacked in its strung bold —the compromises o
 the Constitution, aod the cry of disunion sbal
 be more fearlessly proclaimed, till siavejy b&lt;
 abolished, tbe Union dissolved, or the sun o
 j this guilty nation most go down io blood.—
 J r. n.
i Pittsigmh, Not. 5, 1848.
 ■1 Dear Doeclass'— Fhastily left Philadel
 -1 phis, on tbe afternoon of Saturday, the 28tl
 I ult., having been telegraphed for in conse
 quence of indisposition io the family, and ar
 rived here on Tuesday morning, the 31st, ai
 five o'clock. One of the stage horses having
 j given out, all ihe male passengers had U
 walk, and for some distance to push the coach
 op a considerable bill. The night being dark
 and the road muddy, it reminded me ol
 Paddy on the tow-path,” workflJJ his pas
 rage by t calking and hading the horses.
 In this city, there is little or nothing do
 ing in the cause of Anti-Slavery. I be
 lieve I am safe in saying that I never saw it
 i at so low an ebb as now. True, there are
 some efforts being made by our ever active
 1 co ored brethren here towards petitioning the
 ensuing Legislature for the elective franchise,
 I or the restoration of that free suffrage of
 t which they were so shamefully and unjustly
 robbed in 1838, bv a mock Democratic (so
 called) reform (better deformed) State
 Convention) which acts were sanctioned by a
 few senile, pro-slavery Whigs, who, accus-
 I tomed to basely bend their knees to thedark
 j spirit of slavery,” could not resist to do the
 dirty work, in obedience to the commands ol
 their Southera lords and masters. I have
 somewhere oo record the names of this motley
 gang, and may hereafter publish them as an
 item of curiosity.
 Bnt aside fiom this action, I believe there
 is very little interesi felt in the Anti-Slaven
 cause, even by the colored citizens. I an:
 informed that wfien H. C. Wright and C. C.
 Burleigh were here, so little interest was felt,
 that Temperance Hall, which was crowded t&lt;
 overflowing by S. and A. K. Foster, also by
 yourself and Garrison, was not more than a
 third filled, at any of the meetings of thes*
 distinguished philanthropists and oratois, th*
 colored people probably composing a grea
 part of these. What a falling off is here j
 have held no meetings here yet, as I intent
 leaving on Wednesday morning next, to fit
 engagements in the following places, where j
 shall hold meetings and solicit subecriliei:
 I and donations to the North Star and tin
 cause.
 On Friday evening, the 10th of November
 iu Carlisle Monday evening, tbe 13th, ii
 Hairisliutg; Tuesday, 14th, in Columbia
 Wednesday, 15th, in Lancaster; Thursday.
 16th, in Reading; Friday, l*ih, in York;
 and on my way hack to the West, I shall hole
 meetings in Lewiaiuwn. Hollitiaysborg ai.»
 Johnstown, and probably in Huntingdon, if
 rui it required These meetings principally
 wu i be held among »he colored people, as out
 people must ho aroused to a proper sense oi
 their own condition in this country, and th*
 means necessary to change that condition.
 In order effectually to accomplish this, w*
 must meet them and converse with them, fact
 to face, and thereby become acquainted with
 them, and they with us. i am satisfied, fron
 experience and otherwise, that we must act
 and do for ourselves—we must, in order t*.
 accomplish so desirable an end as our eleva
 tion, morally, religiously and socially, become
 our own representatives. None can properly
 represent us but ourselves. The man who
 falls the victim of affliction, is the person best
 to describe his feelings, and the exact loca
 tion of the disease. The physician who
 would prescribe a remedy, can do little with
 out the aid of the sufferer in the first place.—
 Such, then, are we. The colored people
 are the sufferers let them loudly call for
 and demand assistance, representing their
 own malady the law—nay, public opinion,
 is the physician, who is bound to apply the
 remedy,-which, by proper attention on our
 part, must eventually prove successful.
 In Philadelphia, up to the time of my
 leaving, the meetings continued with unabated
 interest. On Friday evening, the 37th ult.,
 the last meeting, 1 held in the Shiloh Church,
 assisted by that distinguished patriot and ora
 tor, Henry H. Garnet, which, like all pre
 ceding meetings, w as filled to the utmost ca
 pacity. The St. Mary St. Colored Presby
 terian Church continues her meanness, keep
 ing hei doors closed against the cause of their
 suffering brethren, under false pretext. And
 while I would here mete out to a few of her
 petty despots, so-called elders and trustees,
 who prevent the Church from being opened,
 I have every reason to believe that the greater
 part, if uot the whole of the congregation,
 desire Anti-Slavery meetings to be held in
 that chuich. The Pastor, Rev. B. F. Tem
 pleton, has not the control of the building,
 else there is no doubt the bouse would have
 been granted. When those hypocrites come
 down to a dying bed, when probably too late,
 they may see their error. I forgive those
 misguided, deluded brethren with all my
 heart, and in the earnestness of my soul, cry
 out, Faiher. forgive them, they know not
 what they do!”
 I would here remark, that I do not mean to
 implicate all of the elders and trustees of St.
 Mary Si. Church, but tl»oae who meanly de
 clared, against tbe sanction of all the rest,
 hat we never should, by their consent, have
 tie church to hold an Anti-Slavery meet
 ng in.
 There is t great work io be done in Phils-
 ielpbia, and the people are eager aod willing
 o recompense efficient, competent person*
 bo may g u among, and from time to time
 ecture to and bnng before them those various
 objects so essential to nur elevation. Indeed,
 -verywhere I go. 1 find that the only question
 imong our people is, MThat shall we do io
 -ettw our condition This is a question ot
 tn,.on, aod only requires a proper answer to
 •olve so great a mj svery. The North Slat
 the herald through which this mystery is
 new being solved, and ail that appears to be
 requited ie a proper person to beer tbe tidings
 u&gt;u» thoee parts where us rays have not yea
 oeea rereeled.
 While ia Philadelphia, aomething like
 tinny fugitives, aea, Women, and children,
 passed through tbe city, effecting the.r es
 cape from the Amtr esa prison-bot.se of
 bo«Ufe. Ob! a was i,o/tul sight to ess iu
ooe masting Amrissa af ikaae, our putim
 brethren and waters, all sittfeg in fr*t of tb*
 altar, wm of them btsfonirie young girls
 whose mother* had loog ion bat* sold away
 from them, into the cotton fields and net
 I swamp* of Alabama aad Georgia.
 I There they aat in breathless silence, with
 i conntenances lighted with joy and surprise, a*
 I they for the first time witnessed the proceed
 ings of an Anti-Slarery meeting; and will,
 what astonishment did they gaxe as they list
 ened to our righteous denunciation of the
 man-degrading, beareo-danog man-thieves
 of this mock Republic; and when peal after
 peal, in words of living truth, the tones ot
 eloquence escaped the lips of the distinguished
 Henry H. Garnet. It was a proud day foi
 these our brethren, and one of them whispered
 in our ear, as he grasped our hand with grati
 tude, We only want such men as you and
 Mr. Gsrnet iu the South to head us!” iname
 these facts in order to show the man-thieves
 that idie slave fias still a soul within him, sod
 we forewarn them to be careful how they at
 tempt longer to trifle -with and trample upon
 the unsubdued spirit of manhood. We fore
 warn him to look to Europe, and profit by the
 example there set. We beseech him to
 stop before it be too late. If he will continue
 bis infamous deeds of outrage upon humani
 ty, by and by, tortured mod aggravated to des
 peration, the slave will nse in tbe majesty of
 manhood and the grandeur of his nature,when
 a terrible day it will be to the evil-doer and
 despoiler of his rights
 I intend everywhere to induce and urge the
 necessity among our people of the formation ot
 Anti-Slavery Societies, for the assistance ol
 newspapers and competent lecturers among
 us. While we do not mean to be exclusive,
 it is necessary to make our people dependant
 upon themselves, and cease to look to others
 to do for them. I would that they could all
 see and understand this principle as they
 should.
 I want our ladies in particular to under
 stand this matter properly. Among our white
 Anti-Slavery friends, the ladies, by their in
 dustry and perseverance, hold Fairs annually,
 by which their newspapers and faithful lec
 turers are sustained. Were it not for these
 efforts on the part of tbe ladies and societies,
 ihe Anti-Slavery papers which for years have
 lone such great service in the cause ot suffer
 ing humanity, would have long since ceased
 to exist, and the noble, untiring friends of the
 slave and man, who conducted them, been
 Minsigned to the seclusion of oblivion. My
 •onstant advice to our brethren shall be —Ele-
 ate yourselves!
 Yours for God aud Humanity,
 M. R. D.
To W. H. Day, Esq.,
 Secretary of the National Convention of Col-.
 ored Citizens, held at Cleveland Ohio Sept.
 6/A, 1848.
 Dear Sir On looking over a synopsir
 &lt;f the proceedings of the Convention, as pub
 istied in the North Star, I find that you have
 i.ot reported me correctly; and aa I neithe
 -•peak, write nor act without having a specific
 tirject—whieli object is to effect good, espe
 cially among our oppressed brethren, and at
 ihe present position in which lam reported
 may have a different tendency, you will there
 fore do me the favor, as Chairman of the
 Business Committee of that interesting as
 semblage of freemen, to make the following
 corrections, which you will report in your
 official proceedings, to be published in pam
 phlet form. My absence when the report in
 ihe North Star was published, will account
 for the error in that paper,
 1 observed, in the course of my remarks
 before the Coflfcention, that rather than
 willingly submit to, and, with any degree of
 allowance, tolerate and encourage, on the part
 of my own family, such as menial pursuits,
 I would prefer to receive a telegraph dis
 patch,” &amp;c. In regard to the resolution cen
 suring the barbers, it is but due to the Busi
 ness Committee, in consequence of the se
 verity of the language therein made use of,
 to say, that the resolution was altogether sus
 tained by gentlemen of that profession
 Messrs. Burnham, of Zanesville, Watson, of
 Cleveland, and Lott, of Sandusky City and
 although I am among the last to shrink from
 duty, however arduous, when justly required
 to be performed, it is also but justice in this
 instance to state, that the iesolution did not
 originate in the Committee, having been hand
 ed in and rejected by that body, which gave
 the author the prerogative of offering it di
 rectly to the Convention, which was done, as
 its number would indicate, after the business
 had been mainly disposed of; and this gentle
 man was also one of that profession. There
 was opposition to tbe resolution, bnt it pre
 vailed.
 Yours for the Elevation of our oppressed
 race by self-exertion.
 M. R. DELANY.
The Prisoner’s Friend for November
 concludes tbe story of Circumstantial Evi
 dence; contains A Visit to the Eastern
 Penitentiary,” Memoir of Laura Bridgemsn,
 Statistics of Capital Punisbnieot, Prison
 Reform in France, and other interesting and
 instructive ante lea.
 Home Again. —Once more I lake the edi
 torial chair of the Liberator, after an aberoce j
 i &lt;»f four months, during which peiiod it has
 been filled by Mr. Quincy with gTeat ability,
 industry, and fidelity. Panegyric in his case
 &lt;s needless. In the name of the patrons of
 the paper—of the friends of tbe cause to
 hich it is sacredly devoted —I thank him foi
 be testimonies h? ha* borne, and the labor he
 has performed. Mv only regret ia that my
 ri'tuiQ will render less frequent the
 lions from bis pen.
 My trial of tba Water Cure at Northamp-
 on, under ihi care of Dr. RuEgles. tba
 Prttssmrt of America, for the benefit of my
 b with, has been very successful, and I trust
 will prove of permanent service. My tver
 »i«i to the old allopathic mods of tresting
 diseases b«s h-ng bean very gnat; and more
 than ever, I am readv to exclaim—‘Throw
 physic to tt«a doss—lll none of it!' M«et
 heartily do I recommend all those who are j
 broke»i down ia constitution to go to a Water 1
 Cure institution, m preference to any other
 contrivance to find restoration. Tba pree
 lice simple, yet powerful, sad will ba the
 death 4 ail quackery— ltcerUor.
 PaiLADELrau Sc sac at seas will obwrvs
 that they will hereafter receive their pepeie
 fr° ra our isdafstigable friend tad agaot,
 Geoaac W. Go»ts, 9, Exchange Place,
 lombard Street. This plea, h ia expected
 will be lees expansive, at tbe same time that
 it will prevent the irregularity umplriaal o r
 by oar readme ia that city.
TUak for YovsslC
 What doe* all ibis oeatinsal arriving to
 like other me*—to /Ami like other men—n
 xt like other men amount to* We are aJ
 jfraid of each other—of ourselves even.—
 There are but few in these day* who have th«
 courage to apeak oo their own authority.—
 Why ia this 1 Why should ws live upon the
 past? Why should the man who teaches
 theology go to college, and learn what war
 tbe opinion of this and that man who lived
 perhapa centuries ago Their thoughts were
 doubtless good and noble for then, and fix
 those who liv*d ut their days; but are they
 so for us? Cannot we originate for our
 selves better sod truer thoughts than those
 of St. Augustine oi Erasmus—better even
 than all the colleges of the schoolmen of the
 middle ages The sun of to-day does not
 need to ask the sun of yesterday bow to shiqf.
 The ocean, in the storm, swells and rages—in
 tbe calm,stngs the same melancholy song as a
 thousand years tgo but it is no imitator, nor
 does it require any precedent.
 He who would be a man at all, must be an
 independent man. He must cease to trouble
 himself about what other people think. Just
 imagine Paul asking, What will men think of
 me, if Ido or say this or that! When a man
 knows that he has a truth to communicate, it
 i* the veriest blasphemy for him to ask what
 people will think of it. It concerns not him,
 but them, what they think of it. They are
 the losers by not adopting the troth which he
 utters. He does not cherish hts truth one
 whit more or less on that account. So when
 a man has a truth to act, why should he
 trouble himself about what people think and
 say of his action,? It must be good and na
 tural, if it be true. No action is good and
 natural that is not true. This is the difference
 between honesty and hypocrisy. The true
 honest man does wbat is right, and asks no
 odds of any one. The hypocrite does wbat
 is right, not in his own opinion, but in the
 opinion of the public-—that is, the newspaper
 —the minister— the popular authority. Af
 ter all it is not true, but false. Truths are
 of doubtful value, unless they either influence
 or are carried into, action. It does not matter
 much to us, although it be true that the fog
 was dense on the banks of Newfoundland the
 day before yesterday or a week since. We
 an easily credit the man who teils us this
 but it does not in any way affect our present
 »r our future action. It is not a new discovery
 hat fogs prevail there; and if we were about
 io cross the Atlantic, we should be neither
 he better nor the worse prepated to encounter
 -he fog, than if we had not heard of this new
 illustration of an old and familiar fact.
 The man who submits to, and practises un
 truthful customs, just because they are p«|
 ilar. and he has not courage to be singular
 dthough convinced that they are false
 md consequently mischievous, is like the inar
 n the ptay who sold hunself to the devil wilt
 .is eves open. He need not be surprised it
 ie finds he has got a bard master, and one
 .vhmn it is impossible to satisfy. Yield one
 Jetnand to-day, and be assured you must vieJo
 wo, if not three to-morrow. And what fol
 .ows? Why, it may ba that you ate in
 wardly despised for your poltroonry—out
 wardly, perhaps, spoken well of, as a man
 who is not opintonative, and is willing to be
 instructed by those who know better than
 himself. Poor pay for becoming despicable
 in your own eyes! More than that follows.—
 The silly world that ie all the time trying to
 make itself believe that wrong is right, and
 right wrong, because it is fashionable so to do,
 .s by the influence of your example, confirmed
 in its foolish course of self-deception; and so
 the ball goes round, each man doing bis best
 to befool his neighbor. By and by, an inde
 pendent man starts up, and says, No, 1 will
 not do this thing—it is wrong—it is wicked—
 it is mischievous. The probability is, that
 men hate, curse, and throw him,
 while he is living and do just as he wanted
 them, aftei he is dead.
 He who would be wholly an independent
 roan, must be as independent of his former
 self, as of all other men. It will not do for
 him to say, Because I said so and so a year, a
 month, a week since, therefore I must say the
 same now. Np such thing. He is under no
 such compulsion If be gets wiser, what
 profit is there if his present wisdom must give
 place to his former ignorance Let him speak
 now what he thinks at this present let him
 speak, a year hence, the thoughts that are
 present to him then. This is the true theory
 of progress. A man eannot, and should not
 be expected to bind his mental any more than
 his physical existence. Last year, mayhap,
 he lived a good and useful life, and had good
 and useful thoughts. He cannot live that
 identical year over again, though he may live
 many like it he need not expect to entertain
 the identical thoughts over again, though fre
 quently many like them. A man cannot be
 a thinking man, without changing—unless,
 indeed, you suppose him to have arrived at
 perfection. What more absurd, then, than to
 accuse him of inconsistency, because he
 thinks to-day differently from what be thought
 yesterday. Is the thief inconsistent, who
 some tints since thought that it was right, oi
 at all events had no perception that it was
 morally wroog, to take what belonged to an
 other, but who now acts on the principle of
 honesty I* be inconsistent whose mouth was
 once full of cursing and bitterness, but who
 now speaks without an oath, and tn the spirit
 of mercy?
 Oh, for mora true men, who do not hesitate
 to think boldly, and apeak boldly, and act in
 dependently It is time that a full stop was
 pul to this miserable lying to each other, not
 r® words oaiy, but in action. What good
 cornea of calling this mao an atheist—that
 man an infidel—and the other a fanatic, be
 cause they have tbe welftra of the world so
 much at heart that they are willing to brave
 eveo ha seorn and its hatred? Verily *ho
 eae tell That ia a mere matter of majority.
 The inmate of a lunatic asylum was asked
 what bad biought him there. Said he, “1
 thought the world mad—the world thougi I
 me and—they had the majority, and here I
 i am.” Perhaps the world wae right—perhaps
 •oi. Nomas who eaa lie to the world suffi.
 CMMIy, la ever mietakan for a madman, and
 •m tot toastie asylum. H* is mors likely,
 things gs, to to s successful tradssmas oi
 politician, sad he seat to Congress to make
 laws for lying, cringing, spiritless fteptolt
 was, Is that* salt ssoogb In thia ggperanon
 of bosmisg, and meanness, and drivelling eon
 formfty to faabioe, to kssp it ftom eorruptioo
 It is deubtfeL—j.»
The Fieri dealt* I Election.
 As the Election ts the principal subject 0 f
 interest st prevent, end our readers will be
 desirous tn know the result, we give the fol
 lowing Account Current from the New
 York Tribune. That Gen. Taylor is elected,
 there seem* to be but little doubt.
 Taylor. Cass
 Massachusetts* 19 Maine 9
 Rhode Island 4 New Hampshire 6
 Connecticut 6 Michigan 5
 Vermont 6 Ohio gj
 New York 36 Virginia 17
 Pennsylvania S 6 Illinois 9
 Delaw sio 3 Indians 19
 Maryland 8 South Carotins 9
 North Carolina 11 .Missouri 7
 Kentucky 12 Texas (sure) 4
 New Jersey 1
 Tennessee 13 Cass, so for 101
 Lotitsisns 6
 Taylor, so far 150
 Necessary to a choice, 146.
 Not chosen by the people, bat will b* by the
 Legislature.
 Enough said. We stop counting on Lou
 isiana. because her vote elects Taylor, and u
 ts morally certain for him.
 Glorious News —Taylor elected 1
 Open a Whig paper any of these days, and
 you are almost sure to sec the above heading
 staring at you, in large capitals. Glorious
 news! to whom is it glorious? To the poor
 Seminolea whom Gen. Taylor hunted with
 bloodhounds* To the three hundred neg Toes
 whom he daily drives into the sugar planta
 tion to their unrequited toil 7 To the wives,
 mothers, brothers and sisters of the murdered
 Mexicans Aye, truly, it is glorious news
 to the slavetrader, the negro-driver, the mas
 stealer, the manslaver, the expectant office
 holder. To these it is glorious news to all
 others iT is, or ought to be the intensification
 of infamy and deep disgrace to have that
 man to reign over them.”—j. p.
 Lynn for Free Soil. —The good town
 of Lynn, Mass., gave the following vote for
 President. The Pioneer and Free Democrat
 have their reward.
 Van Buien 895
 Cass 728
 Taylor 529
 Scattering 2
 Mechanics for subscriber
 has for sale six able-bodied aßanics, which
 he will dispose of to the bidder for
 Cash or approved paper, oeVMptday next.
 The above is from a Southern paper and
 similar paragraphs may be found every
 day. Northern Freemen, how do you reliah
 this? How would you like to see such ad
 vertisements in the New York Herald, or
 Boston Atlas, or Rochester Courier Would
 they not be interesting questions to you
 What kind of man you would have for your
 purchaser—whether he used the lash fre
 quently—whether your wives and families
 would be separated from you—whether it was
 not possible that you.might lie sent to In
 diana and they to Maine; aud theit and your
 hun an feelings being matters of no moment,
 no one but yourselves would care whether
 ou ever met again. Would not all these
 questions be interesting to you, Northern
 mechanics And it they would be interest
 ing to you, are they not also interesting to
 the mechanics which are advertised for
 sale in the Southern market? “Oh, thev
 are black,” you say. That matters nothing
 to the slaveholder. He does not ask what is
 the color of the man whom he grinds into
 cotton or sugar, or stews into rice, or works
 up at the carpenter's bench. All that he
 wants is the dollars and cents to be realised
 by the labor of his thews and sinews. Are
 you not indignant at the infliction of such de
 gradation upon your fellow mechanics 7 The
 slaveholder is your, as well as the colored
 man’s worst enemy. Keep that in mind,
 and act.—j. d.
 Get out of the way.” —We are re
 quested to state, says the Norfolk Herald,
 that in fto case will colored persons be allow
 ed to travel in the Baltimore boats, without
 permission from the Mayor of Norfolk.
 “Hail Columbia We are requested
 to copy (says the Cat-o’-nine-tails Gazette,)
 the following Notice! Whereas it is contrary
 to the law and order of Nature, that persons
 of different form, features, and complexion,
 and whose habits and customs are different,
 should mix in familiar and daily intercourse,
 therefore any person now in this city, who
 has not a hawk nose, sallow face, lank hair,
 small grey eyes, and who does not spit, and
 chew tobacco, is peremptorily instrnctcd to
 depart, under penalty of thirty-niuelaahes.
 By order of the Mayor.
 NICHOLAS HOLLOWHEART,
 Clerk.
 An English friend perpetrates the follow
 ing. Hope he won’t feint, when he sees it
 in print.—lf a negro dies, when should he be
 buried In September; for then is the time
 to go blackberrytng [blackburying.]
 W. S. O Bruin and his associates w ill not
 he executed. The Times of Oct. *25) h says:
 u It has been resolved to spare the lives of
 the convicted Irish rebels. This announce
 ment, though really important, and calculated
 to raise some very grave questions, will be
 received as a matter of course by the public.”
 Cholera in Britain. —The number of
 deaths from cholera in London, in the week
 ending 21st October, was 15. The deaths
 from all causes during that week amounted to
 983, being l?I below the weekly average ot
 deaths for the five preceding years. The
 majority of the cases ol cholera occurred in
 tbe low river dm nets. Ftotn the 4th to the
 23d of OcLdier, tbete wen in Edinburgh and
 tts suburbs, and Leah, 176 ca»rs of
 cholera. Of that number, LC9 died, 24 re
 covered, and 49 remained.
 Early Closing in Stores.—A clerk ia
 Chicago, in behalf of himself and a num'si
 of other cltrks, has addressed a communica
 tion to tbs Gem of tbe Prairie 00 the subject
 of elus ag stores st 8 o’clock. He give*
 reasons why aa early hour should be observed
 and they apply, doubtless, with equal fo 7
 to other towns and cities. It is reform tbst
 ia much needed in this city.
 Hon. John P. Hale will please eecept
 nur thanks for a copy of lbe President s Mes»
 sage communicating tbs' Correspondence not
 heretofore communicated,of the United States
 Minister at Paris, since tbe recent change
 the government of France.
 A Trappiat Monastery is shout to be foued
 *d is Ksstocky—l** scrssoflasd having
 bvao purchased tbsre for that purpose.
