Notices
ROCHESTER
 ANTI-SLAVERY
 BAZAAR,
 Tn hr M 4 Ptrxmhtr *M &lt;mi ill, IMS.
 We strain announce to*the public that out
 Annual Basaar m near ai hand, and wiH afford
 an opportunity of making sympathetic effort
 in behalf of the suffering millions in our midst
 A glance at the object of our most holy and
 benevolent enterprise, is sufficient to arouse the
 least inquiring mind from its lethargy, to a
 hearty co-opertion in making our Fair worthy
 of those who duly estimate the blessings of
 freedom. The Farmer will confer a great
 favor by donations of any of the various pro
 ductions of his farm—eggs, butter, &amp;c.; and
 merchants, mechanics, grocers and confec
 tioners will do great service to the cause by
 lending their aid. Donations for our book
 table will be very gratefully received.
 The friends of the cause in Egland, Scot
 land and Ireland, inform us that boxes of
 goods lor our Fair are on the way. Among
 ihe many articles named, are the following
 iSofit Guards, Watch Pockets, Slippers,
 five elegant Collars Doyley’s, Bracelets,
 Necklaces, Bags, Children’s Frocks, Shoes,
 Aprons, Bibs, Bridal Party and Opera Danc
 ers, (dolls) Tuckers, Baskets, beautiful Draw*
 nigs and Pictures, Colored Drawings,THoves,
 Knitted Tippets, Caps, one Side-Saddle, Ac.,
 ABIGAIL BUSH, Pree’t.
 Sarah C. Owen, Sec’y,
Toronto, Nov. 7, 1848.
 We, the undersigned, authorize the Rev.
 Washington Christian to act as the only
 agent of the British American Anti Slavery
 Society.
 B. RANKINS, Chairman.
 A. Judah. H. Richards,
 C. Davis, Jas. Johnson,
 J. Harper, Wm. Thompson,
 Wm. Harney, Geo. Brown,
 Chas. Freeman, Sec’y.
 Western New York Anti-Slavery Society.
 The Executive Committee will meet on
 Tuesday evening next, Dec. sth, at the Anti-
 Slavery Office, 25, Buffalo Street.
 Attendance is requested at half past 7
 o’clock precisely.
 W. C. NELL, Rec. Sec
From Uh* Charleston Mercury, Nov. 9.
 Highly important Pro-Slavery Move
 ment iu the South.
 Pursuant to call a meeting of citizens of
 Orangeburg district was held to-day, 6th No
 vember, in the court-house, which was well
 lied on the occasion.
 On motion of Capt. Jacob Stroman, Hon.
 S. Glove was called to the chair, and Drs. T.
 A. Elliott and J. W. Taylor appointed sec
 retaries. The chairman then made some brief
 remarks, stating the object of the meeting.
 Gen. D. F. Jamison then rose, and moved
 the appointment of a committee of twenty
 five, to take into consideration the continued
 agitation by Congress of the question of slave
 ry whereupon the following committee was
 appointed :—Gen. D. F. Jamison, Capt. Jacob
 Stioman, Capt Donald Rowe, Capt, P. S.
 Jennings, Major D. J. Rumph, Col. W. L.
 Lewis, Capt. Murray Robinson, Dr. W. S.
 Rowe, J. B. Me Michael, John H. Felder,
 Dr. J. D. Rumph, Col. A. Ott, J. J. Wann
 maker, Thos. Oliver, Capt. Lewis Felder,
 Major D. S. Dannelly, Capt. O. M. Danizler,
 Cayt. D. Houser, J. J. Andrews, Dr. Beni.
 Lewis, Henry Ellis, L. E. Cooncr, Dr. J. H.
 Morgan, Capt.|L. E. D. Bowman, «£apt. V.
 D. V. Jamison.. w
 During the absence of the committee, Capt.
 T. B. Whaley addressed the meeting; after
 which, the committee, through their chair
 man, Gen. Jamison, made the following
 report:
 The committee appointed to take into con
 sideration the continued agitation, by Con
 gress, of the question of slavery, what
 checks can be interposed to prevent such
 attacks upon the character and institutions of
 the South, and if that cannot be prevented, to
 declare what stand they are now prepared to
 take on this most important subject, beg
 leave to submit the following report, and the
 accompanying resolutions:
 The time has arrived when the slavehold
 ing States of this confederacy must take de
 cided action upon the continued attacks of the
 North against their domestic institutions, or
 submit in silence to that humiliating position
 in the opinions of mankind that longer ac
 quiescence must inevitably reduce them.
 Forbearance is often a virtue with nations as
 with individuals; but when it involves the
 loss of position or character in either, it is
 base, dishonorable submission. If the South
 will permit the constitution to be trampled
 under foot; if she is willing to become a fixed
 minority, used only to assist in registering
 edicts for a jealous, hostile, and unjust majori
 ty, who admit no rule to govern by but their
 own wills, and no measure but the keenest
 conception of their own interest, it is best that
 it should be known to us at once, and that we
 should endeavor to accommodate curselves, as
 well as we may, to a state of things so de
 grading. That such will be the inevitable
 result of longer submission to the incessant
 attacks on our characters and institutions,
 your committee cannot for a moment doubt,
 unless the South shall take firm and concerted
 action to prevent it. The agitation of the
 subject of slavery commenced in the fanatical
 murmurings of a few scattered abolitionists,
 to whom it was a long time confined but
 now it has swelled into a torrent of popular
 opinion at the North; it has invaded the
 fireside and the church, the press and the
 halls of legislation it has seized upon the
 deliberations of Congress, and at this mo
 ment is sapp’lng the foundations, and about
 to overthrow the fairest political structure that
 the ingenuity of man has ever devised.
 The overt efforts of abolitionism were con
 fined for a long period to annoying applica
 tions to Congress, undercolor of the pretended
 right petition; it has since directed the
 whole weight ef its malign influence against
 the annexation of Texas, and had well nigh
 cost to the country the loss ot that important
 province; but emboldened by success .and the
 inaction of the South, in an unjust and selfish
 spirit of national agrarianism, it would now
 appropriate the whole public domain. It
 might well have been supposed that the undis
 turoed possession of the whole of Oregon
 territory would have satisfied the non-slave
 holding States. This they now hold, by the
 incorporation of the ordinance of 1787 into
 the bill of the last session for establishing a
 territorial government for Oregon. That
 provision, however, was not sustained by them
 from any apprehension that the territory could
 ever be settled from the States of the South,
 but it was intended aa a gratuitous insult to
 the Southern people, and a malignaut and
 unjustifiable attack upon ths institution of
 slavery.
 The boundary between the aiavebolding and
 oMMliwholding
 fixed by a solemn compact on the part of the
 two bectiotis, known as the Miaou n Com
 promise, and the line of
 was adopted aa the limit between thorn.
 Whatever may be the opinions of your Com
 mittee as to the propriety of this compact,
 and the concessions made by the South to
 preserve the Union, they would not be wil
 ling to see|tt disturbed, ss it has been sanc
 tioned by tune and long acquiescence; but
 beyond that, they would not concede one
inch, should it shatter this —federacy into
 thirty ftutttuoto. It is this further concession
 that we me now called upon to make, la
 deed, no new fine has beat hinted at. We
 •re called upon to give up the whole public
 donate to the fenatical cravings of abmitioo
 tem, and tha unholy lost of political power.
 A territory, acquired by the whole eouorty
 for the use of all, where treasure has been
 squandered like chaff, and Southern blood
 poured out like water, is sought to be appro
 priated by one section, because the other
 chooses to adhere to aa institution held not
 only under the guarantees that brought this
 confederacy into existence, but under the
 highest sanctions of Heaven. Should we
 quietly fold our hands under this assumption
 on the part of the aon-slavbeholding States,
 the fate of the South is sealed, the institu
 tion of slavery is gone, and ha existence will
 be but a question of time. Are the Southern
 people prepared for such a base abandonment
 of their natural, aoeiat and political rights
 Your committee hope not; they believe not.
 What, then, shall be the remedy? Your
 committee are unwilling to anticipate what
 will be the result of the combined wisdom
 and ioint action of the Southern portion of
 the Confederacy on this question; but ss an
 initiatory atep to a concert of action on the
 part of the people of South Carolina, they
 respectfully recommend for the adoption of
 this meeting, the following resolutions:
 Readved, That the continued agitation of
 the question of slavery, by the people of the
 none-slaveholding States, by their legislatures,
 and by their representatives in Congress, ex
 hibits not only a want of national courtesy,
 which should always exist between kindred
 States, but is a palpable violation of good
 faith towards the waveholding States, who
 adopted the present Constitution in order to
 form a more perfect Union.’
 Resolved, That while we acquiesce in
 adopting the boundary between the slave
 holding and non-slaveholdi ng States', known
 as the Mtssoun Compromise Tine, we will not
 submit to any further restriction upon the
 rights of any Southern man to carry his
 property and his institutions into territory ac
 quired by Southern treasure and by Southern
 blood.
 Resolved, That should the Wilmot proviso,
 or any other restriction, be applied by Con
 gress to the territories of the United States,
 south of 36 deg. 30 min, north latitude, we
 recommend to our representative in Congress,
 as the decided opinion of this portion of his
 district, to leave his scat in that body, and
 return home.
 Resolved, That we respecifully suggest to
 both houses of the Legislature of of South
 Carolina, to adopt a similar recommendation
 as to our Senators in Congress from this
 State.
 Resolved, That upon the return home of
 our Senators and Representatives in Con
 gress, the ’legislature of South Carolina
 should be tbuliwith assembled, to adopt such
 measures as the exigency may demand.
 Resolved, That a copy of the foregoing
 report and resolutions be transmitted, by the
 chairman of this meeting, to our representa
 tives in Congress, and that copies of the same
 be laid before both bodies of the Legislature
 of South Carolina.
 After a few remarks by the chairman of
 the committee, the report and resolutions
 were seconded by Capt. V. D. V. Jamison,
 who was followed by Capt. O. M. V. Dania
 ler.
 The resolutions were then submitted,
 seriatim, and, together with the report, were
 unanimously adopted.
 On motion of Capt. Jamison, it was ordered
 that copies of the proceedings of this meeting
 be sent to the Charleston Mercury aud Courier
 and the South Carolinian, with a request that
 they be published.
 S. GLOVER, Chairman.
 J. W. Taylor, c
 T. A. EIUOT, l Secre,,mai
All have their price, prom crowns to
 kicks.”—The law of Moses allowed the mas
 ter to chastise his servant within an inch of
 his life, because, says the code, he is his
 money.” Abbot Lawrence has been using
 his privilege it seems upon his man Dan.
 Webster, and the Bostonians are making a
 row about it, but Mr. W. has been so muni
 ficently paid, aud has done his work so badly
 of late that his patrons may be pardoned if not
 justified for pnmmeling him a little occasion
 ally. The Boston Times is very indignant at
 the insult given by Mr. Lawrence to Mr.
 Webster,—the man of money to the man of
 mind—as it describes them, and seems to
 think that it has reached a startling conclusion
 in the discovery that the money of New Eng
 land rules its intelligence. We think the
 conclusion is too broad for the premises. Mr.
 Webster’s, servility is a matter of special con
 tract, and is, therefore, very far from estab
 lishing a general rule. There is enough of
 intelligent independence left in Yankedom yet
 to save the land. —Philadelphia Republic.
More Nullification. —Mr. B.* Barnwell
 Rhett, in a recent speech, advises, The
 Southern States to instruct their Senators and
 request their representatives to leave their
 seats in Congress, should abolition in any of
 its forms, prevail in the legislation of Con
 gress.” This same Mr. Rhett, having got
 his temper up, some twelve yeare since, in
 the House of Representatives, at an abolition
 speech made by Mr. Slade, of Vermont, rose
 from his seat, left the House, and called on
 all the Southern members to follow him;
 some twelve did, but the majority only laughed
 at his folly. —Boston Bee.
Gen. Taylor on Slavery. —The Pasca
 goula con espondent of the Mobile Herald,
 thus writes of Gen. Taylor’s views ou this
 subject, as expressed by the old slaveholder
 himself.
 Last evening, a group of some dozen or
 more of us were gathered around him, eager
 ly listening to an animated conversation, in
 which his native simplicity of manner was
 quite charming. He ran through various top
 ics, which he illustrated with excellent sense
 and varied information. Speakingof the Free
 Soil movement in the North, he expressed his
 fears that it would be the absorbing question
 in the present canvass, and engross all other
 questions. He said that he considered the
 Missouri Compromise” a fair and liberal line
 for settling the slave question, and he was
 willing to see it adopted.
 While, however, he regretted the system,
 he deprecated the foreign attempts to abolish
 slavery. He thinks the agitation on the sub
 ject fiernicioua to both whiles and blades.—
 The two races could not exist together, and a
 mixed race, such as' obtains in Mexico, was
 the greatest evil that society could be subject
 ed to. No plan of eradicating slavery met his
 approbation, unless the freed negroes could
 be removed from the country. He wouldnot
 emancipate his own slaves, except on condi
 tion that they were willing to go to Africa.—
 To the Northern States he would not send
 them. Their condition there would be worse
 than that of bondage. He thought that if the
 really philanthropic men at the North, whose
 efforts to abolish the system are restricting the
 privileges of the slave, could see its practical
 o|ierauon, the agitation would cease, and there
 would be lea seal and more wisdom »thil&gt;iod
 in the cause. As he expressed it. they would
 better observe the “Eleventh Commandment,”
 which prescribes that every mi n attend
 o his own badness.”
Greeley on Taylor !—Consenting to
 support Gen. Taylor for the Preridency,
 Horace Greeley made the follow tan state
 ment
 But I have not chanced my opinion of the
 nomination of Gen. Taylor. 1 believe h wa
 unwise sad unjust. For Gen. Taylor per
 sonally, 1 have ever spoken with respect; bat
 I believe a candidate could aad should have
 been chosen more deserving, more capable,
 more popular. 1 cannot pretend to support
 him with enthssiasm, for Urn not feel &lt;my.
THE NORTH STAR.
hochester, December i, ims.
rabliakOfS Haifa*.
 Three more —ln n will a—pteto the first vat
 me of our paper. It fa knows to amt of sir
 readers thst the Hosts Star ir estiretjr iade
 resdm of every Society, sad fa aappovted by aa
 togaaiatios shaierer. The price fa two dotes
 per iotb Whes the tens paid far has expired,
 the paper fa invariably Mopped; so that aa aaa fa
 ever adfayccted by as to the aspfaa#
 being troubled with the bifi for paper* which be does
 aot read, sad doss sot waat. Hew, friends, we
 doa*t like to stop year papers. There fa so part of
 oar dsty more implrareni, sad which we woaM
 More willingly avoid, tea that of stroking oat a
 mme from the anil book. Very may of yes ba
 gaa with os at the hegtaaiag. We have udhsd to
 yoa week after week, sad yoalave beeoaie iaaMM
 anasare acquainted with as. Do yoa at rrfah to
 rralias sad make ante intimate that Kqafaaal
 We waat still to talk to yst; bat rsnant afford to
 do so, aaleMyoßsapply as with the anus. Itfaaet
 needful to tell yoa of the amount of good the Noam
 Stab has doas of tbs prejudice it has overcome
 the aau-sfavery aestimeat it has dfaseraiastod—the
 recruits it has woe to the ranks of Freedom—ths
 desire and effort for ealight earnest sad dr ratios to
 which it has aroused the despised aad oppressed,—
 of all this yoa are yoarselves competent judges.
 Friends, will you aid us in this matter 1 Witt yoa
 go with im&gt; through another year? If you wish to do
 so, sead oa your subscriptions through our agent, or
 by post, if there is no agent within reach, before the
 dose of the year, aud the North Star will con
 tinue u&gt; arise upon you weekly, with increased and
 increasing brightness. Will you do this? "The
 laborer is worthy of his hire.”
 03- Money sent by post will he entirely at our
 risk; but we should like to have current money, or
 as nearly so as possible.
Lecturing.
 Mr. Douglass has been prevented from
 attending to his editorial duties this week, by
 engagements to lecture in various towns in
 Massachusetts, and the time consumed in
 travelling. On Saturday last, he was to
 lecture in Salem—Sunday in Lynn—Monday
 in New Bedford—Tuesday in West Brook
 field—and on Wednesday expected to be at
 Springfield; from thence he will wend his
 way homeward, and will be at his poet next
 week.—j. d.*
The End is not yet.
 The contest for the present political prize
 has ended, and the result, as we have always
 predicted, is the elevation of Gen. Zachary
 Taylor, an uncompromising slaveholder to
 the Chief Magistracy of this nation—a nation
 professedly the freest on the globe. And
 doubtless the slave power will dare claim it
 as a triumph even over the progress of free
 principles. This they will do, not that they
 so believe, but obviously for the ostensible
 purpose of gulling their unthinking votaries,
 thereby securing their suffrage for the next
 coming contest, to be decided in 1852, which
 should now be considered as fairly begun, and
 so regarded in all of their actions by every
 vigilant friend of universal liberty and unre
 stricted equality.
 Whatever may be thought by others, we
 regard the result of the late campaign as a
 victory indirectly gained for freedom—not
 that the hypocritical canting of unprincipled
 Whig politicians, nor th+jalJen stupidity of
 the heartless slaveholding nominee of that
 party, would so indicate but there are other
 features of this mighty canvass which satisfy
 us that in the midst of the troubled spirits
 of darkness,” there certainly hovered ’’angels
 of light.”
 There are doubtless those of the friends of
 freedom, who, notwithstanding the large fig
 ure of the vote polled in freedom’s cause, feel
 disappointed at the result, having expected a
 much greater vote; and many of the enemies
 of freedom, who rejoice at the issue, as omin
 ous of the future abandonment of the anti
 slavery movement at the North. But let us,
 we mean the people of the North, the true
 friends of freedom, one and all, be not de
 ceived. This our enemies will endeavor most
 effectually to accomplish, by scattering dis
 couragement in every direction, and thereby
 induce us to abandon the effort to throw off
 the slave power, and free ourselves from mis
 rule, despotism and slavery.
 It is evident that for years previous to the
 formation of any other than the two great
 political parties, the Whigs have endeavored
 to gain the ascendancy in this nation, and for
 tliis reason many schemes of policy have
 been adopted. Among them, as a party, it
 must be admitted that there has been more
 liberality at the North among the Democrats,
 whose most exalted aim appeared to be, sub
 serviency and servility to the slaveholders.—
 This they managed with such adroitness for
 years, as to keep {the laboring classes who
 were enfranchised in continual hostile array
 against all other parties—the opponents of
 liberty and enemies to the slave. Hence,
 the Democrats (so called) were-able to main
 tain the ascendancy, as they have done foi
 years.
 A radical change in public opinion, in order
 to break the spell and tear loose the fetters
 which the democratic influence had thrown
 around and bound the North to the South,
 being actually necessary before that monstrous
 cloven-footed beast could be overthrown, for
 which purpose the anti-slavery movement was
 commenced eighteen years ago. Move re
 cently, a political anti-slavery party was
 formed, as the avowed Northern political
 party, and the only party in which honest
 voters could conscientiously exercise thff
 right of election. The avowed principles of
 this party were, uncompromising hostility to
 slavery, in any shape of existence, in this
 country. The Whigs, having been previously
 considered the liberal party, among whom
 were many excellent men—men of principle
 and inveterate opponents of slavery, at once
 assumed to themselves, or avowed [m their
 principles, all that the Liberty party declared
 or espoused.
 It is evident that this had the effect of se
 curing to their ranks all those who mast have
 left them aad united with the sati-abvery
 party. So long aa one of the riavehridng
 parttea cootinoes in power, and the ether ia a
 ■tats of perfect organization, the frisods of
 freedom, however pare their principfea, must
 coo tin oe ia the ouaanty, and rnMiiqmllj
 •aflat continual defeat.
 A victory, then, was necessary to aacam
 foturc saeeeas, and it waa fee this perpoae
 they united; and oe thie aeemmt alone do we
 jateff tha ahaadaawHEt of the liberty party,
 and its aafon with fragments of fens
papular gtee Soil hat
 the Democratic party, tearing it Mandat, m
 it «pal eertaialy has baen, driving its erippted
 aad pstiliM victims a evaiy diraatjoa,
 never again, It Is hoped, to be brought intfl
 effective action.
 The cry of freedom against slavery, raised
 had aroused the whole country to chastening
 indignation. The deception of the Whip
 waa no longer tolerated; the aerviKty of the
 Democrats was rebuked with contempt; and
 rfiM insolence »"*t despotism of the man thhd
 repelled with severe chastisement. To this
 point had we arrived in our political progress,
 when the Whig*, seeing there was no al
 ternative, at ooee assumed the position of the
 Free Soil party, inseparably associating with
 thair every movement the name of Free Soil,
 and in many instances the whole of the Free
 Soil motto—“ Free Soil, Free Territory,
 Free Speech, and Free Men.” It was amus
 ing enough to see associated with the name
 of Gen. Taylor, the owner and occupant of a
 thousand acres of slave territory, and three
 hundred human beings in worse than heathen
 darkness, thus— Taylor and Free Soil.”—
 This was a fraud and deception so palpable,
 that we felt our intelligence insulted whenever
 we saw the inscription. Even the Democrats
 iared finger upon their guide-posts, “Csss
 and Free Soil.” The unblushing coolness of
 this last trick, is only equalled by the effront
 ery which suggested iu display.
 Conscious as all were that jthe friends of
 freedom could not in the current canvass suc
 ceed, and anxiously desiring a defeat of the
 almost stereotyped Administration party, and
 thousands of honest men of both the old par
 ties determined at least to place free princi
 ples in the ascendancy, determined on support
 ing the Whig party, which they did, declaring
 that, although their leader was a vile slave
 holder, he dared not act against the power
 that elected him, which was known to be the
 professed friend of freedom. Many were
 the Liberty men, as well as professed aboli
 tionists, who supported the Whig ticket,
 rather than suffer defeat.
 It will readily be perceived, that a majority
 of those opposed to the slave power, sup
 ported the Whig nomination for the present,
 but in doing so, rested their support entirely
 on the principles of freedom espoused by that
 party. Further than this, we have every
 assurance they will not go. The friends of
 freedom have everything to hope for in the
 coming contest for the next four years, as the
 cause is essentially theirs. Neither of the
 old parties possibly can succeed. It will be
 useless to make the effort. To effect any
 thing, they must openly, and without guile,
 espouse the cause of freedom, in stern and
 uncompromising opposition to the encroach
 ments of the slaveocracy, unfurling the ban
 ner of No Compromise with slaveholders,”
 boldly placing in their front, as the file-leader
 of the party, a man in favor of liberty and
 equality, in the true sense of the term—to do
 which, will be at once to throw off the old
 party fetters—abandon the political trammels
 —deny the sectional faith—be baptized anew
 —washed in the pool of regeneration, and
 enter the rank* of the true friends of -free
 dom, which must become the predominant
 party, henceforth to*guard over the detiniesof
 this nation.—m. r. d.
 Harrisburg, Pa., Nov. 18, 1848.
 Dear Douglass 1 arrived here on Tnes
 day morning the 14th, having left Pittsburg
 Friday the 10th. On Monday evening, I held
 a meeting in Carlisle, 18 miles west of here,
 where I endeavored to spread light and troth
 on the great and important subject of the Ele
 vation of the colored citizens of this oppressive
 Republic, and circulate the North Star as a
 medium and means of reaching them and the
 public at large, when they can be reached by
 no other instrumentality.
 Here they gave the best of attention, the
 house being as well filled as could be expected
 under the circumstanees, they being but few
 in number in the place. The people here,
 with but one exception, are poor, and conse
 quently unable to do much. Indeed, this
 adjective may be applied in generaHerms to
 dut people, but here I apply it in a compara
 tive sense to the masses, which makes the
 application even more positive. Hence, they
 lid all they possibly could—gave the “wid
 ow’s mite.”
 Notwithstanding this, there is an excellent
 school for colored children, supported by the
 public fund, taught by Miss Bell, an amiable
 and quite accomplished teacher—one who is
 qualified to teach the children ihe higher as
 well as the practical branches of education,
 which has long been and is still much wanted
 in many of the schools in this country estab
 lished for colored children.
 Miss Bell took several classes through their
 rations exercises, several of which had em
 braced the branches upon which they were
 examined as late as September, but three
 booths since, many of the pupils of which
 ure quite small; yet all, both male and femate,
 went through their task with an ease and
 pleasantoess which satisfied me that they
 were familiar with their subjects, which fa
 miliarity is absolutely necessary before the
 knowledge obtained can be of practical use.
 In arithmetic, they wiute down upon the
 black-board and worked out soma with the fe*
 rility of a counting-house clerk—geography,
 Trammsr and; Bible stadia, all being demon
 itrated with equal satisfaction.
 4How different will be the intelligence of
 tose ppptis, when leaving school, to those
 generally dismissed from the common schools
 ■rang a, having finished their education, or
 11 done going to school,” a it is properly
 tenned when on examination of the scholar,
 fen find that he or rise can “row aad write,”
 tod that too in the most incorrect aad imper
 fect manna, totally incapable of making a
 practical application of any branch of study
 *hich they profess to have gone through with
 it school. Incredible a this may appear to
 tone opaeqaainiad with schools kept for eef
 aved children, yet it is nevertheless tree, that
 rite tombs ot our yonth are toned out upon
 m having finished thaw education,
 MuacMMewil! ha acknowledged a vary bad
 riucatioa. Seldom be found ia aw eoew
 ry towns aad small does, a ordered youth or
 aridea wbo can ptncticaDy apply in basin we
 purposes the arithmetic they ham learned at
 who is abk to write s comet sen
 ■nee. Evas the first nde of nsmpawtisa is
I generally violated by ibwi- which is, to be
 i fit onsry flamenco with a capita] totter; also
 tba( which Hay 4wca]|*&lt;ibe seeood, and om
 of tbfi moot obvioes rales—that the preooui
 all proper at particular aaiaoa, aa the
 natoe of God and all hutnaa beings, aa well
 aa many other things, whieh the seme will
 suggest to any am -who has aunply road theat
 rales, should be written with a capital.
 You may think it somewhat singular, and
 altogether misplaced, to lecture the readers ol
 the North Star, In an editorial correspond
 ence on English grammar, but when you re*
 feet oa the maimer in whieh we, aa oonduct
 nrs of a public pram, are continually bared
 by young ‘Writers, aspirants for literary feme,
 who openly and palpably violate' all these
 roles, yon cannot think the strictures amiss in
 this place.
 Mim Bell has frequently been offered a bet
 ter school and higher salary, to teach white
 children, but refuses to leave the colored
 ■chool on any conditions. Some of Mim
 Bell’s pronunciations were not in accordance
 with my taste or idea of euphony; for in
 stance, too much stress was placed on the de
 finite article wherever it occurred in the read
 ing, thus—“ The Lord spake unto Moaes, say
 mßt Spieak unto the children of Israel,”&amp;c.;
 also in reading, I thought that their punctua
 tions were not properly observed; However,
 as accent and punctuation are among the most
 arbitrary ruipsot unr laagmge, especially the
 former, continually undenting changes, f
 consider this no very serious matter, as doubt
 less Mim Bell teaches according to some rale,
 adopting the system of some literary standard
 or lexicographer. Thanks, many thanks,
 from the friends of humanity, especially the
 colored people, to Mim Bell, for the excellent
 manner in which she conducts this school of
 the oppressed children of Carlisle. Her name
 will be treasured up in the bosoms of the
 grateful, to be honored and revered by the
 rising generation.
 I abide here with that well-tried friend of
 his oppressed brethren, the friend of God and
 humanity, Rev. W. Webb, and lady and in
 teresting family. Such a family, in such a
 place, has never been half appreciated by
 those with whom they are surrounded. The
 children of this fihfnily are intelligent and in
 teresting in a high degree, and will challenge
 comparison with, and might well pot to blush,
 those of their Anglo-Saxon neighbors for
 good behavior. No better evidence of the ex
 cellence of the character of a family is re
 quired than the good conduct of the children.
 In Harrisburg, I have held three meetings
 —on Wednesday, Thursday and Friday eve
 nings—endeavoring to awaken an interest
 among our brethren in their own welfare, by
 showing them the necessity of acting and do
 ing for themselves—that we must, in fact,
 become our own representatives in presenting
 our own claims, and making known our own
 wrongs.
 Here there is a good school kept by oar
 mutual friend, Mr. John’Wolf, which school
 I visited, finding many pupils of various sixes
 present, but had not an opportunity of testing
 their qualifications. Mr. Wolf, I am in
 formed, is a gentleman of fine attainments,
 and is much indebted to our able and talented
 contributor, W. Whipper, Esq., of Columbia,
 for the direction of his mind. This of itself is
 a recommendation to him.
 The colored population of this borough is
 estimated at between seven and eight hun
 dred, among whom are many intelligent, in
 dustrious people, several of whom have long
 .been noted for their assiduity in business yet
 notwithstanding, there is an apathy and indif
 ference about our people in this place which
 tests my ingenuity to account for. This is
 apparent among the young people generally,
 and the females in particular, though there
 are many excellent exceptions. Of all the
 places I have yet visited, save the single ex
 ception of Springfield, Ohio, which still bears
 the palm, this place (Harrisburg) I found the
 most difficult to awaken a general interest
 among the people. Perhaps were a saint to
 descend and attempt to speak to them, there
 would be young women in the assembly who
 would laugh and make sport on his first ap
 pearance; and nothing but his scathing re
 buke of such conduct would prove an effectual
 remedy. Hence, if they cannot come to mis
 behave, they may not come at all; so that, of
 a population n/ seven or eight hundred, I had
 an average of fifty, as after the first night the
 giddy did not come.
 One of the great evils among oar people in
 the holding of their meetings, is late com
 mencing. When other meetings are nearly
 ready to let out, ours are but commencing.—
 This custom is so common, that I found it im
 possible to get anything like an audience, even
 of the few who did attend, until half-past
 eight o’clock. This is sad, and I earnestly
 suggest to our people everywhere, an imme
 diate change. The common excuse is, that
 they cannot get out earlier; but with this I
 differ, and attribute the indifference to a want
 of interest, from the fact, that let there be a
 protracted church meeting, a “party” or any
 other gathering, in which they take an inter
 est, and one must go very early to get a seat
 at all. Heaven grant that we may be aroused
 to a sense of our true condition, and stimu
 lated to effort adequate to a remedy.
 There are several owners of real estate in
 Harrisburg; yet the real wealth among them,
 especially the old residents, is fast changing
 hands, passing into those of the whites, upon
 which they are growing wealthy, with foe
 tunes to leave for their children.
 An old and respectable citizen, who by year,
 of industry and sleepless nights, had acquired
 good property on Market street, whieh in
 the last two yean he had much improved, has
 now been emhenled out of it by a process of
 legal gambling, a nee with which the haaeait
 unsuqmi ling old colored gentleman was unue
 quamied. I perceive, also, that the estate of
 the late Esekiel Carter, oo the mam street,
 •■d nearly oppamje, has been wrested from
 the heirs, by a similar pm cess, as 1 am re
 formed sad now there is a row, rnnaisring
 or sight of the finest praaned-bwch
 dwellings in the capital, upon the &gt;put; to
 one of whieh boons* ranfes one of the mm
 Thisis an evil of tong endurance among ore
 ramie aftor they obtain i»; bat the dafimt Has
 to firfil'h nuj of their qsakfisatiis mde mi
 "ffrud to baaiasm for thereratoss. This is an
 t*U .of immense magnitude, mi ahnaM ah*
 bn speedily remedied.
 I cannot net that to twenty yuan, (foam
 U® IMS,)
*sr7i mrided in the that place, Harr *bmg
 hm increased (be lent in mm. The ooljr in&gt;-
 prnvnnaai a tome at the buildings, old
 fr«a«o having fires place to honm at a man
 darablo material. By the poHteoero of two
 gentleman,and the civility at the warden who
 utewb the capital, I *u eondneted through
 both Houses of State, and op to the dome,
 where I had a fine prospect of the whole
 borough, distinguishing every public building,
 and the surrounding country far in the dis
 tmDOe The general demeanor of the whites
 is quite civil compared with their conduct to
 wards Douglass and Ganisoa *in ’46, two
 yoaia anon; but do not think I could my as
 modi, had 1 attempted to hold a meeting in
 the Court House, to discuss the subject o f
 American slavery, or the merits of Taylor,
 Caro, and Van Boren for the Presidency.—
 Indeed, I had a lair specimen in the conduct
 of several of the hotel keepeis but two weeks
 ago, none of whom would entertain .me for
 the evening, although the cam arrived at near
 twelve o'clock at night, staying until 7 next
 rooming on the westward route.
 I make my home here with Mr. John Wil
 liams, and his intelligent lady, who most
 kindly received me the night that stupid ig
 norance and wicked prejudice debarred me
 from shelter, and at whose door the anti
 slavery latch-string always hangs out. Mr.
 and Mrs. Williams take high anti-slavery
 ground, feeling closely identified with their
 people, and stand ready at any time, can they
 but get assistance, to enter into measures for
 the support of the cause, and those who are
 faithfully laboring for our elevation. To Mr.
 John Wolf and bis amiable, intelligent lady,
 whose house also keeps the welcome knocker
 to the Anti-Slavery pilgrim on the door, 1 am
 much indebted for kindness. I leave Harris
 burg in the morning for York.
 Youre for God and Humanity,
 M. R. DELANY.
 The London Times and N. Y. Herald.
 Our readers will be desirous to know what
 reply, if any, the New York Herald gave to
 the severe chastisement inflicted upon it and
 the rest of the pro-slavery American press by
 the London Times,which will be found on our
 first page. The Herald does attempt a reply
 —just such a reply as was to be expected
 from that miserably mean, iniquitous journal.
 It is, of course, no reply, but simply a tirade
 of recrimination and vulgarity. The entire
 article is too long to publish; yet the tempta
 tion is strong; to publish a part of .it, and hang
 thereon a fact or two; not by way of rejoin
 der, but simply to show what it is that the
 New York Herald, and other papers of that
 stamp, to their everlasting shame be it spoken,
 undertake to palliate and defend. Says the
 Herald
 Instead of talking to us of the beam ii
 our eye, and the mote in our brother’s, whi
 does not the London Times the con
 dition of Ireland, and endeavored ascertaii
 whether the white slavery established in tha
 unhappy land, on general principles— lh&lt;
 envy and admiration of surrounding nations
 —does not present a far more revolting pic
 ture in reference to restrictions on civil ant
 social liberty, comfort and morality, than tha
 of the black slaves of the Southern States
 where they live in clover, ‘year in and yeai
 out,’ and where the scars and the lash, and
 the servile misery and degradation, cannot
 for a moment be compared with that of Ire
 land, or any of the British dependencies?
 Is he aware that the sister” country,
 with boundless natural resources, and an intel
 ligent and industrious population, has been in
 connection with the time-worn constitution of
 England for nearly seven hundred years, and
 that her people are (he worst clad, the worst
 housed, throughout God’s creation Talk of
 slaves! Pshaw! How many thousands of
 that unfortunate people, daring the famine of
 the last three years, and during many a pre
 vious one, would have been glad to have
 bad the fare and the treatment of our Southern
 slaves!”
 All this about the misery of Ireland and the
 British dependencies may be—indeed, every
 one knows that it is quite true—though there
 is a difference of opinion as to how much of it
 is caused by misgovernment; and yet the
 merest child would be ready to answer, that
 although it is true, it does not in the least
 excuse the atrocities perpetrated in this coun
 try. Now, let us see what the servile misery
 and degradation is, which cannot for a mo
 ment be compared with that of Ireland or any
 of the British dependencies.” To show this,
 I will quote a few extracts from a book called
 Slavery as it is,” and could quote enough to
 fill columns.
 First, the slaves are badly fed.
 Hon. W. Smith, a slaveholder, aid—“By
 confining the slaves to the Southern States,
 where crops are raised for exportation, and
 bread and meat are purchased, you doom
 them to scarcity and hanger. It is proposed
 to hem in the blacks where they are ill red.
 Rev. Geo. Whitfield, 1739—“ My blood
 has frequently run odd within me, to think
 bow- many of your slaves have not sufficient
 food to eat.”
 Rev. John Rankins—Thousands of slaves
 are pressed with the gnawings of cruel hun
 ger during their whole lives.”
 Many more quotations of the same son
 might be given, but their multiplicatioa is un
 necessary. They serve to prove that the
 slaves were not only kept to labor, without re
 ward, but were at the same time almost de
 nied the means of sabewteoce. Tree, this is
 some yean since; but so mock the worse for
 that. It was at a time when the slaves were
 less valuable than they are aow. A boot the
 year 1784, previous to the introduction of the
 cotton plant, so valueless were the slaves, that
 their masters woe seriously thinking of set
 ting them all at liberty, to rid themselves of
 the burden of supporting then; and an the
 scoundrels wished to starve their slaves.—
 Such is the heart of a slaveholder!
 A man who has a good hone knows how
 much thro heme in improved, and how much
 move work he can ‘do, if he is well treated.—
 One would therefore expect thro slaves would
 bn well fed, when there work for them to
 do. Even this, however, is not always the
 cans. As late as the year 1834, Thomas
 Clay, Esq., of Georgia, speakiag of the quan
 tity of the eon given to the slaves, say*—
 “There is often a defect here Rev. Hor
 ace Moulton, at Georgia—“ The food, at
 ‘food* of the slaves m generally of the poemol
 kind.” But it is not needfel to go book even
 mi fer as 1894, to find proof of this feet. We
 horn it m competent authority—that of stave
 hnidmn thmmafvri at the present day, thro
 the average earn of feeding and nlotking a
 negro, ia matam emit a day, Will the New
 Yet* Herald pretend that this it greatly at-
 Bht the feed is by m.MM tktwant part
 ef it ssnfetisa of the slave. Besides bang
31 fed, be m overworked. No farther proof
 at this is smMi then the bet, (kit it is a
 very rare thing to see a slave over fifty years
 at age. In Leonaim it was found, by the
 Agricultural society of Baton Rouge, that the
 decrease of slaves on a “well regulated sugar
 estate,” over and above the supply by props
 gation, was two aj»d a half ri» cent.
 Even this, bad as it is, is not the worst of
 this atrocious system. The cruelties to which
 the slaves are subjected, are enough to make
 one’s blood curdle with horror, and act the
 whole soul on fire with indignation. Two or
 three instances will serve as a sample:
 Mieajah Ricks, Nash county, South Car
 olina, advertises as follows: Run away,
 negro woman and two children. A few days
 before she went off, I burnt her with a hot
 iron on the left arm. I tried to make the let
 ter M.”
 Mr. Wm. Overstreet, Lexington, 1848.
 Runaway, a negro man named Henry Am
 Itfl eye on/; some acars from a dirk on and
 under his left arm, andmuch acaired with the
 whip.”
 Mr. Nicholas Edmunds, 1838. —Runaway
 my negro man named Simon. He has been
 shot bully in his back and right arm.
 Sheriff of Clinton Co., Mi., 1836.- —Was
 committed to jail a negro man says bis name
 is Josiah, his back very much scarred by the
 whip, and branded on the thigh and hips jn
 three or four places, thus—J. M. The rim
 of his right ear has been bit or cut off.
 Mr. Samuel Mason, Warren County, Mi.,
 1838. —Runaway a negro man named Allen.
 He has a scar on his breast, also a scar under
 the left eye, and has two buck shot in his right
 arm.
 Mr. Beyou, New Orleans, 1838.—Runaway
 the mulatto wench Mary has a scar on one
 side of her cheek by a cut; some scars on her
 back.”
 These are a small sample, picked at ran
 dom out of some two or three hundred.—
 There are relations of cases of cruelty alto
 gether too horrible to extract. Indeed, it does
 net seem possible that anything short of incar
 nate devils could perpetrate atrocities that are
 laid to the charge of the inhuman slaveholder.
 Here is one, a comparatively mild case:
 A man named Jones, living in Virginia,
 owned a slave who ran away. Jones caught
 him, and tied him up, and for two days, at
 intervals, continued to flog him, and rub salt
 into his mangled flesh, until his back was
 literally cut up. The slave sunk under the
 torture; and for some days it was supposed
 he must die. He however slowly recovered,
 though it was some weeks before be could
 walk.”
 Add to all this, thqt slaves are often badly
 housed, huddled together twelve and twenty
 in small log huts, frequently without floors,
 and subject to the deepest mental and moral
 debasement, and you have a very imperfect
 picture of what the N. Y. Herald says is not
 to be compared with the condition of Ireland
 or any of the British dependencies.
 That infamous paper further makes this
 monstrous assertion:
 The condition of the black race in our
 Southern States is, generally speaking, a con
 dition of comfort. From the application of
 the word, however, to the serfs in the old
 world, who have been so long plundered, beg
 gared and oppressed by a tyrant aristocracy,
 it is supposed that the colored race in this land
 are equally plundered, mal-treated, and
 wretched. But such is not the case. If the
 colored race were to receive their liberty to
 morrow in the Southern States, they would in
 one year be reduced to a condition of barbari
 ty, ignorance and want, such as St. Domingo
 now presents, and the British and French
 West India Islands will soon indicate,’.’ t
 False, every word. False that the
 tion of the black race is a condition of com
 fort false that the colored race, as the previ
 ous extracts show, are not equally—nay, they
 are worse, infinitely worse, plundered, mal
 treated and wretched,” than the serfs of the
 Old World false that the colored race in St.
 Domingo and the British and French West
 India Islands are being reduced to barbarity,
 ignorance, and want; —all false; and the
 falsehood of these statements is equalled only
 by their brazen effrontery and malignity.
 Here is another bitter sentence. It would
 mean something were it true, but as it is—
 faugh!
 “It will be quite time enough for British
 journalists and British philanthropists to talk
 to us of our institutions of slavery in the
 South, when they can present a white race
 under their sway, or even a semi-colored race
 of Indians, half as well off in comfort and
 contentment as the slaves of Carolina or Vir
 ginia.”
 The Hindoos, Heaven knows, are badly
 enough treated by their nabob maaters; hut
 who can prove against them the branding,
 shooting, cat-hauling, ear-clipping, and other
 and less refined barbarities, that are practised
 n South Carolina and Virginia No one
 those cruelties are reserved for the liberty
 lloving, equally-created” monsters of Repub
 ican lt makes one almost blush for
 his kind to be under the necessity of produc
 ing such witnesses against it; but the wick
 edness of the wicked must be exposed, and
 their deeds made manifest. Verily the tender
 mercies of the wicked are crash
 One more sentence from the N. Y. Herald,
 and I have done. It rays:
 We cannot help mingling the tear with
 the smile, when he [the writer in the Times]
 pats into ns so strongly in consequence of the
 existence of slavery in certain parts of our
 country, and places in juxtaposition with that
 our ardent professions of liberty. We con
 fess it—with sorrow, we confess that our in
 stitutions have not yet reached that perfection
 which we hope they will do with the progress
 of time sod age.”
 The sentence quoted above will serve to
 throw considerable light upon this. “If the
 colored race were to receive their liberty to
 morrow, they would be ieduced to a condition
 of barbarity, ignorance, and want,”
 Why then nungie the tear with the rank” 1
 there eaa be no reason for it, except with re
 fennee to the Staten in which slavery has
 been abolished. Slavery in, then, a proper
 condition of society. The prnfraaiiuia of lib*
 etty are all a mistake. It is not desirable that
 the slaves should be liberated aad the pro
 gram to perfection” would he just so much
 mischief dooe to the colored race! By how
 little wisdom is the world Isd! albeit, by
 rrmrusshas tyranny sad avaricious
 CoMtmrraiDKSTs cannot nnnmui of the
 traohle and annoyance of an illegibly written
 commonlestioo. Encode, do pity the printer,
 mdwrile plainly Mistakes, especially in
 peeper names, ate quite unavoidable, unless
 the MS. m dam sod distinct. VtH. tap. tat
 •fl**—#. a,
 M. R. D., Columbia, Ps.—Your letter has
 to hsod.—S. Aim the two previous
 Uttsrs about which you mquue.-j. o
