FREDERICK DOUGLASS,
 M. r.';DELAXY, J Eorroai.
VOL. I. NO. 50.
The NORTH STAR .is pafelisbed every
 Kri4#T, at No. 3ft, Bifolo Street,
 (Jppoetlf (Ac Arcmdt.
 TERMS.
 Two dollar* f»r Mann, alirayi n mdv*ntr. N°
 tWription win he received for a le*« term
 «.x month*.
 VdveniartnenU not exceeding ten line* inserted
 three line* for one didUi ever) cub*e&lt;i«e*it in***-
 torn, twenty dive cento.
The object of the No«th Star will be to *u»ch
 SUTIIT in all ito (&lt;r.nt awl aepect»; advocate
 t'mvrßUL E*AsCie.vriov; exalt llte etaodard
 of I’lßMt Moralitt; promote tlw moral and in*
 I-llertml improvement the CoLOKrr* I’EQM.S,
 and Itaoten tie* day of FREEDOM to ilw T«l«r r.
 Milliom of &lt;**r Enai.Arrtt Fn.t.ow Goes*
 TRTarx.
 PUBLISHER’S NOTICES.
 y f ,\ll commuairations rrlaiiufc to the bum'**
 m ,1 trrt of tlte paper, name* of «nb»rriber*. mnit
 t Hire*, Ac., ehtHtlii l&gt;e addre*«ed to JoH.n Dice,
 I’obl.idtcr.
 iff Afente, and all other* wndnv?
 erniened to be accnrate, and &lt;i*&gt;e the P*a Qftee,
 ,e County, and the toot'- F.t»cb Sobecrdter te im
 mediately credited for money received.
 Iff Any person sending in tlte payment for fair
 &gt;«ub»cribvr*, to be forwarded to one yddrew, may
 have a fifth copy for one year.
 ;jf- All letter- and cimiroiniication* mnet be poet
 paid.
 LIST OF AGENTS.
 Mas*achusktts. —R. F. Walcutt, 21, Coniitill,
 Boston; Natliau Jolm*on, New Bedford; Horatio\»
 Foster, Lowell; Jiiute* N. Buffum, Lynn; George
 Evans, Worcester Bourne Spooner, Plymouth;
 Charles H. Seth, Springfield David Ruggle?,
 Northampton; H. Carpenter, I pton.
 \lai* K.—Oliver Dennett, Portland.
 •Vkßno&gt;'T.—Rowland T. Robinson, .North
 fisbitrg.
 Coy WKCTICBT. —Jonathan Leonard, New ,la *®n
 Nr.w Hampshire. —Weare Tappan, Bradlord.
 N'r.w York.—Sydney If- Lav, 142, Nassau,
 Street; James MrCui* Smith, 93, West Broadway
 Joseph Post, We.tlM.rv, Uueeu CouritvjMarv Har
 iter, Allianv; F.lia, Doty, Macedon; t»etu Keese,,
 Peru, Clinton County William S. Baltimore, Trov j
 J. F. Platt, Penn Van; J. Jeffrey, Geneva; K. L.
 Platt, Bath- _
 Ruon/ ISLAM). —Amarancv Paine, Providence.
 Pr.NasrLVA.MA.—J. M. M’Kini,3l, North Fifth
 Street, Philadelphia; G. W. Goincs, 8, Exeliange
 Place,Ditto; B. Bown,Pittsburgh; Wm. Whipper,
 Columbia; Isaac Roberts, Jacob 1.. Paxon, Norrw
 towu, .Montgomery County, Milo A. Townsend,
 New Brighton. _
 Ohio.—Christian Dotiald-son, Cincinnati; at
 „on and Gaines, Ditto; Valentine Nicholson, Har
 ♦evxlwrgh, Warren Co.; Samuel Brooke, Salem.
 MtcHiGA*. —Robert Banks, Detroit.
 Indiana.—Joel P- Davie, Economy, Wayne Co.
Selections.
From the Pittsburgh Saturday Visitor.
 SALE OF A WHITE GIRL.
 Mrs. J. G. Swtsshelm: —The peru-j
 gal of the journal which you so ably!
 edit, has been a source of much en-!
 joyment to me since I became a resi
 dent of this city. I seek it with avidity,l
 and read it with a gratification 1 have
 not the ability to describe.
 The iirst half hour which I spent
 reading some of your spirited articles
 “anent” real liberty, shed a feeling of
 you in my heart, that I can compare to
 the delight the miserable victim of ty
 ranny feels when the sun pours its glo
 rious rays through the narrow window
 of his dungeon. I had been living
 down South, where the probability of
 my adorning an awning post was more
 than once hinted to me, on my making
 inquiries for an ami-slavery newspaper,
 which a friend, as verdant as myself,
 sent me through the post office.
 During the earlier part of my sojourn
 in this country, I lived in a slave State.
 There, every Saturday, my ears were
 assailed with the Indian voice of the
 wicked and inhuman auctioneer, as he
 shouted the remunerative qualities of
 the wretched being on sale, while the
 villanous speculators in the souls for
 which the Son of God gave up his life
 on the cross, handled and felt the poor j
 victims’ bodies, and queried, “Warrant
 them sound?” exactly as one would do
 if buying a horse. My God, how 1
 blushed for my kind! Pray observe,
 that I was in a place where, according
 to the Whigs, slavery existed in its
 mildest form;” in fact, I was in one of
 the strongest Whig cities in the Union;
 and yet I was eye-witness to a scene
 “enough to freeze your very soul with
 horror,” the atrocity of which no one
 can conceive who has not been a wit
 ness of the like.
 One day I noticed the slave market
 rather more crowded than usual, (it
 was directly opposite the store in which
 I was engaged.) Curiosity led me to
 swell the number of the audience; and,
 O God! I shall never forget the scene
 which presented itself to my view. A
 beautiful girl, about 18yearsof age, as
 white as the fairest belle in Pittsburgh,
 stood, drowned in tears, and wofuliy
 dejected, beside the devil incarnate,
 whose business it was to dispose of her
 body and soul to the highest bidder; he
 spoke long, loud and lasciviously of her
 charms, but could not entirely quench
 the latent spark of human feeling—
 some few cried “shame!” He could
 not excite the bestial passions of the]
 lustful to entrench upon their pockets
 to the extent he wished. Not even the
 brutal traders in female purity from
 New Orleaiih were satisfied with his
 exordiums of her excellence. They
 should know more. An aged gentle
 man bid s&gt;6oo, and there it stopped.—
 The old man’s eye glistened, and he'
 drew up his attenuated form to its full
 height; he thought the prize was his,
 and that before to-morrow’s sun had:
 sunk m the west, the fair flower that
 now bloomed before him would be:
 blighted and blasted forever. But not
 so. The skilful auctioneer of God’s
 image saw that he had raised as much j
 as he could with the poor girl’s present
 appearance, as she had clothed herself
 as nearly as they would allow her. He
 crying, gentlemen, you know not what
 a prize you let slip» pulled off a turban
 which she wore, and a magnificent
 head of loog hair fell down about her
 shoulders, as dark as night, and wavy
 as the sea when fanned by a gentle
 breeze. The southern rascal bid $O5O,
 the old one $7OO, and again all was fair
 for the hope* of the Septuagenarian, j
THE NORTH STAR.
iwhen with dastard band the ruffian
 salesman tore asunder the dress which
 covered her bosom, and exposed to the
 libertine gaze around him a bust in
 beauty and purity never surpassed by
 painter or sculptor, i turned away,
 and went home sick at heart. Forgive
 me, O God, if I almost doubted your
 Justice. I was informed some few
 hours after, that the poor girl swooned,
 and while in a state of insensibility,
 wsa examined, bid for, and at last
 bought, by one of th&lt;* Southern traders.
 May God have pity on her.
 On inquiry, 1 found that she had been
 raised and educated by an old lady,
 whose property she was, and who died
 I suddenly, intestate. For the purpose
 of division among her heirs, her real
 estate and slaves were all sold by auc
 tion, undei* an order from some Court
 of Law. I had lived for many years
 lin a country where Law and not Jus
 tice ruled; had seen much of the m»-
 quity of the system; but never was so
 1 thoroughly disgusted as in this instance.
 I remained but a few weeks in Tennes
 see, and without the slightest feeling of
 regret, although I left many dear rela
 tions behind, came here a comparative
 stranger to all around me, but have
 now made many dear friends, all of
 whom have as great a repugnance to
 the horrible traffic as myself.
 Having witnessed all 1 have just re
 lated, can you wonder if the perusal
 of a paper such as yours, should
 give me infinite pleasurl, the only one
 in this country at the time of my arri
 val, which advocated the rights of man,
 as a journal professing anti-slavery
 opinions should.
 Can it surprise you that I should use
 expressions of admiration to yourself,
 when I say that to your exertions 1 at
 tribute a vast deal of the anti-slavery
 spirit which I find infused in the minds
 of the young men with whom business
 or choice leads me to associate; Rea
 son, common sense, will tell you that
 flattery is neither my forte at any time,
 nor my object now. I have never seen
 you, yet I know, respect and admire
 you, and ever shall, for the sake of
 the glorious principles you so nobly up
 hold.
 Your exposition of the case, of the
 Edmonson girls in last Saturday’s Visi
 ter, induced me to send you the pre
 ceding sketch, trusting, (if you con
 sider it worth publication,) it may have
 some influence on the minds and purses
 of the ladies of Pittsburgh in their fa
 vor. To the fate of that poor girl the
 pious Edmonsons may not come—nay,
 will not; for I am sure that among the
 pure-minded ladies of this city alone,
 the sum necessary would be raised,
 sooner than the horrible sacrifice should
 be consummated. v-
 But there are hundreds of beautiful
 and gifted creatures in the South, who
 undergo, day after day, the same bru
 tally degrading exhibition,and for whom
 no cry is raised.
 Mothers! I conjure you by the guar
 dian care of the honor of your children
 —Wives! I abjure you by the holy love
 you bear your husbands—Daughters!
 I entreat you by your hallowed feelings
 —have no fellowship with a slavehold
 er, or anything in the shape of man,
 who countenances the vile doctrine that
 Slavery is right where its exists by
 law.” His touch is contamination, and
 his honor a mockery. In fact, he is a
 living lie, and as such, should be
 scouted from all honorable society,
 and from any participation in the affec
 tions or interest of a true woman.
 Fully confident that you will as ever
 I do your duty in the good fight, and
 wishing you all the health and happi
 ness you deserve, 1 remain, Madam,
 faithfully yours, T. R. M.
 Pittsburgh, Nov. 16.
TESTIMONY AGAINST SLAVERY.
 The New York Observer of Novem
 ber 18, contains a memorial from the
 Synod oi Cincinnati to the Triennial
 Assembly. It is said to have been
 adopted by a unanimous vote. The
 conclusion of this memorial is as fol
 lows
 Natural and inalienable rights are
 derived from God, and "are defined and
 protected by his authority and no
 human authority, individual or national,
 is at liberty to abrogate or abridge
 them or to extenuate or justify their
 violation and to attempt to do so, is
 rebellion against the divine govern
 ment.
 In one half the’states of this Uuion,
 there are laws which deny to a part of
 the population the control of their per
 sons, and just compensation of their
 labor which in some cases prohibit
 intellectual cultivation, making it penal
 to instruct slaves to read, thus virtually
 depriving them of the personal use of
 the word of God which totally disre
 gard the marriage relation, and subvert
 the family institution, violating its in
 tegrity, rendering it impossible to pre
 serve its purity, and frustrating its
 grand design by refusing parents due
 opportunity to exercise tbeir rights or
 discharge their duties which make all
 the facilities for obtaining a knowledge
 of religion, as well as the entire out
 ward practice subject to the will «f the
 master which supersede the moral
 government of God by tbe substitution
 of physical force for the guidance of
 conduct and formation of character
 and whioh attempt to establish human
 legislation, with reference to personal
 rights, in opposition to that which ia
 divine.
 The system of servitude upheld and
 perpetuated by these laws, is both in
 its principles end practice essentially
 different from that recognized and sanc
 tioned in the Old ar New Testaments;
 the Old Testament securing certain
 personal, political, aod religious rights
 which the American system totally de
 nies and the New Testament requir*
right is of no sex—truth is of no ooloil-god is the father of us all, and all we are brethren
ins masters to forbear threatening,
 and to give their servants as the
 dreatures of God, and not of lav or
 corrupt custom, what is just and
 equal a requisition which if followed,
 would at once annihilate the assumed
 right of property in *od elevate
 the slaves to the dignity and right of
 men.
 We are glad to know that the kind
 feeling and moral principle of the com
 munity prevent the full exercise St the
 despotic and cruel power conferred by
 these laws, and lead to many efforts to
 ameliorate, to a limited extent, the de
 graded and wretched condition of those
 held in this bondage yet we are con
 strained to believe that a considerable
 number of the officers and members of
 our churches, exact and receive the
 services of tbeir fellow men under these
 laws, and claim and exercise the power
 th*v In an doing, tfo jf nye in
 volved in the guih of this system, and
 assist to perpetuate it by the sanction of
 their example and influence if they
 do*not defend it as scriptural and right.
 In view of this whole subject there
 fore—
 Resolved, That this paper be for
 warded -as an expression of the views
 of this Synod to the General Assembly
 at its next meeting, in May next; and
 that we memorialize that body in behalf
 of our whole church, to bear its solemn
 and decided testimony against these
 practices as inconsistent with a Chris
 tian profession, and requiring the exer
 cise of church discipline, and against
 the countenance, encouragement, or
 defence of the system by which they are
 produced and upheld.”
 REPUBLICAN DESPOTISM.
The following is the reply of a letter,
 just received at the office of the Re
 public, from one of the border slave
 holding States. For obvious reasons
 we suppress the name and residence of
 the writer:
 November 3, 1848.
 Respected Sir 1 hope you will
 pardon me for addressing you this note
 —yet imperious duty compels me. The
 young man who subscribed to your pa
 per for me, doubtless forgot that he was
 doing what is expressly forbidden by
 the laws of Maryland. Respect for
 those laws induces me to respectfully
 request you to discontinue sending your
 paper to me. Were lin a State where
 the bright star of freedom sheds its
 inspiring rays on the white as well as
 those of our color, then 1 would read
 your paper with delight. Again, allow
 me to reiterate—l hope you will par
 don me for addressing you this note. I
 would have paid the postage for this
 note, but our postmaster is so very in
 quisitive.
 Respectfully, your obedient servant.
 What a comment is this upon our
 stereotyped boasts of Liberty of Speech
 and of the Press, as existing in the
 United States! Here is a man who
 desires to read a particular newspaper,
 but the law of a sovereign State inter
 poses, and says, “You must not read
 that paper it you do, we shall fine
 or imprison you. It is hostile to. the
 institution of slavery, and does not
 hesitate to express its opinion with
 frankness and boldness. We cannot
 permit it to come within the limits of our
 authority.” Is there in Russia a worse
 despotism than this? We know it is
 alleged as an excuse for such laws, that
 they are intended to prevent insurrec
 tions, but this is all a fudge, as every
 well informed person knows. How in
 expressibly mean and vile must be that
 institution which can only live by sacri
 ficing the Freedom of the Press!
 Against it, who that has a soul, will not
 wage eternal hostility ?—Philadelphia
 Republic.
From Ike Columbia (Pa.) Spy.
 PUBLIC MEETING OF COLORED
 CITIZENS.
 At a public meeting of the colored
 citizens of this borough, convened in
 the school-house, on Monday evening,
 Nov. 13th, 1818, for the purpose of
 taking into consideration the subject
 matter contained in a circular, received
 from the colored citizens of Alleghany
 county, Pa., respecting the right of
 franchise, the meeting was called to
 order by the appointment of William H.
 Wilson, President, and John Williams,
 Wm. Whipper, and H. H. Webb, Sec
 retaries; after which the following pre
 amble and resolutions (in connection
 with others) were adopted:
 Whereas, We delight In honor that
 righteous maxim in American juris
 prudence, which declares that “mil just
 governments derive their power from
 the consent of the governed;" And
 whereas, This sublime and fundamental
 principle of legislation—so dear to ev
 ery American heart—so admirably just
 and benevolent in its features —so
 beautifully illustrates the republican
 principles of the early founders of the
 ancient and honored Commonwealth of
 Pennsylvania, that it was to us a source
 of deep regret that her progressive his
 tory should be marked by either the
 denial or obliteration of rights and pri
 vileges, in our persons that have, from
 the foundation of the government, been
 regarded as the birth-right claim of the
 native-born citizen, Therefore, be it
 Resolved, That we will respectfully
 petititioo the Legislature of this State
 at the ensuing session, and ask our fel
 low-citizens to petition, for the repeal of
 this anti-republican feature from the
 Constitution of Pennsylvania.
 Resolved, Thst we sre unwilling to
 believe that the people end law-givers
 of this State—tks first to give currency
 to the principles of American freedom
 —the first to abolish domestic slavary
 by a legislative enactment, will long
 safer the u unfed state steers to aseel
 bar in the practical illustration ef thane
ROCHESTER, N. Y, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 8, 1848.
elementary principles which formed tbe
 basts of her superstructure, and are yet
 entwined around her edifice, by impos
 ing on us an arbitrary obstruction to the
 privileges and enjoy meats of civil rights,
 which no merit in us, however great,
 glorious, transcendant, and exalted, can
 reach; and from which there is no suc
 cessful appeal but to their own sober
 and rational conviction of right and
 justice, as expressed in their own de
 claration of principles.
 Resolved, That as Americans and
 Pennsylvanians, we feel as deep an in
 terest in prosperity and
 progressive improvement of our com
 mon country as any other class of citi
 zens who can claim nativfty by the ac
 cident of birth.
 Born under the influence of the same
 institutions, our feelings, love of liberty,
 interests, sympathies, hopes and aspira
 tion*, by nature and i durtHiaw, are des
 tined to mingle with theirs.
 Resolved, That in the established
 doctrine of slavery and representa
 tion,” we recognize duties to be per
 formed, and privileges to be exercised,
 and that no good citizen will seek to
 escape the one or desire to be deprived
 of the other.
 WM. H. WILSON,
 John Williams, Pres’t.
 Wm. Whipper,
 H. H. Webs, Sec’ys.
 Settlements foe Colored Men.—
 Some very praiseworthy attempts have
 been made in various parts of the State
 of New York, it b well known, to es
 tablish settlements for colored men,
 and we believe with some success. We
 learn now that a new effort is to be
 made in the town tof Florence, Oneida
 county, colored men having had several
 meetings upon tbe subject, in which
 they have, been making efforts to induce
 the colored citizens of Boston, Albany,
 New York, and Philadelphia, to follow
 farming o'r mechanical pursuits in the
 new settlement, rather than be barbers,
 servants, &amp;c., as they are in the cities.
 In Florence, it is said, there are wa
 ter privileges for saw-mills, and indeed
 everything necessary for a flourishing
 settlement.
 One great cause, if not the great
 cause, of the degradation of the colored
 men at the North, is, no doubt, the way
 they crowd together in cities, and any
 project, therefore, which can take them
 out of the cities, and turn them into
 tillers of the soil, is calculated to
 their condition. Here in tbe cifflß?
 ambition can hold out to them no ade
 quate temptation for the accumulation
 of property, or for instructing the miad
 —but in a settlement of their own,
 where all are on terms of equality, there
 will be the same inducements to wo*k#
 study and that the white
 men have in their various spheres of
 society. All such projects as these, to
 better the condition of the colored race,
 have our warm and hearty support.
 Boston Bee.
From the Philadelphia Republic.
 SUFFRAGE.
 In the Times of Saturday, there is a
 pithy and well written article by one of
 our disfranchised colored men, upon
 the subject of universal suffrage. The
 argument is well put, and put exactly
 in the right place too. The Young
 Democracy” of the city are framing
 their creed, and, if they have the
 courage of reformers and the candor of
 honesty, they will put planks enough
 into their platform for all men to stand
 upon. The old democratic party is
 especially responsible for the apostacy
 of Pennsylvania from the faith ot the
 fathers, and they never will be able to
 say that their souls are their own, till
 they repair that great wrong. Taxa
 tion, without representation, was the
 exact fact by which Britain’s King
 lost States thirteen and the princi
 ple that all governments derive their
 just powers from the consent of the
 governed,” was the very fulcrunof the
 revolutionary lever which overthrew
 the tyranny of the past ages. Can the
 Democracy of Pennsylvania any longer
 sin against its own soul Will it hesi
 tate any longer to vindicate its own
 truth The race that is set before it
 cannot be run unless it throws away
 every weight, and the tin that so easily
 besets it. We demand justice for the
 oppressed—we demand it from the men
 who inflicted the wrong—we demand it
 from the men who profess to be tbe
 red reisers of all wrong sod we tell,
 them that if they judge themselves un
 worthy of their great office now, the
 judgment of the world will fasten the
 self-invited dishonor upon them for-
 See the communication of J. W. A.
 below. It is from the pen of a black
 man.—Thers are hundreds in this city
 as capable of the rights he demands as
 he. Wore the right, at least uppo
 paper, that the record may no looger
 disgrace oar republican profossmn.
 The colored people of Pennsylvania aye
 preparing tbeir petitions to tbe Legis
 lature, and their prayer
 granted.
Mb. Editor Now that the noise
 and confusion,” incident to an election
 eering campaign, is subsiffisg, permit
 autocall your attention to soother,
 and to at least s portion of tbe communi
 ty, a much more important matter, than
 that of a partisan election, bedauae the
 principle involved should have pieced
 iLI ■jiumslnnipnsihrrs
 oTmlUrdmiul loyWl ntitro.
 of the State of Poamylmiio. mrof*rd
 to exerc-e of ***l t J™*r
 Yam mta »in tk-tWßefo™ Coo
 toouoo wfcelt U- c.jn toroTtoo
 a- .m»nd the then existing Stats Cen
 stitutian did no alter tb# third Article
 aod first' Section of said article, as to
make it read, In elections by the
 citizens, every while freeman of tbe
 age of twenty one, Itc., Ac., shall en
 joy the rights of an elector.”
 Tba word italicised as you are aware,
 changed the whole aspect of things,
 and cut off tbe free exercise of a right
 that had been freely acknowledged by
 our most eminent statesmen, and which
 had been as intelligently used by those
 thus deprived, as by any other class,
 up to oat time. And what is more
 remarkable, many who thus voted for
 the word white to be inserted, owed
 their seats in that body, to tbe votes of
 those whom they decapitated. What
 ever were the causes for the change
 or alteration, of which I very much
 doubt if there was any just one, then
 I do affirm and avow that that they are
 now without any existence*—and to test
 which I challenge an investigation.
 But, Mr. Editor, these is hope, yea.
 tbe most brilliant proepaet of the
 speedy restoration of this withheld
 right.'
 The progressive intelligence of the
 people demands the immediate repeal
 of so obnoxious a law from the statute
 book, and the demand will not long go
 unheeded.
 The convention, in the perspective,
 saw the change that would be demand
 ed, made a proviso,” which was, that,
 that orany other part of the constitu
 tion could be altered, by the State Leg
 islature, provided it passed at two suc
 cessive sessions, and should be after
 wards submitted to the people, and a
 majority vote affirmatively.
 lam happy to inform you that there
 is about to be a united, and simultane
 ous movement throughout the State, on
 the part of those who are disfranchized,
 asking the Legislature to rescind or
 repeal so much of article 3d, section
 Ist, as deprives them of the exercise
 of the elective franchise, and 1 know
 that their praiseworthy efforts will be
 ably seconded by the free unterriffed
 spirits of the old Keystone
 And that you, Mr. Editor, will not
 be found wanting, bjs your influential
 and able pen, and commanding voice,
 in bringing about so desirable an ob
 ject. J. W. A.
 Rev. H. H. Garnet, late resident in
 Tr«y, but now of Peterboro, spoke
 with his usual ability to a tolera
 ble full and interested audience, at Al
 exander’s Hall, on Wednesday eve
 ning last; being accompanied by three
 colored sisters, (part of one family o!
 15 slave-children,) -from 15 to 20 years
 of age, and the two oldest, members ot
 the Methodist Church. The meeting
 was opened by a fervent prayer fronf
 Rev. W. Tillinghast, of Devereaux,
 who implored the God of mercy (as
 well he might) to stay the hand of ven
 geance, and not punish the whole na
 tion for the gross iniquity of that part
 guilty of the late lamentable result oi
 our popular election, in putting the op
 pressor into power. The slave-girls
 aforesaid, having happily escaped the
 horrors of the Southern prison-house,
 were now conducted to a school in the
 quiet neighborhood of the great phi
 lanthropist, where, while receiving the
 nec ssary education, hitherto denied,
 they will be unmolested; for,” (said
 Bro. G.) “there are yet two places
 where slaveholders'cannot come
 —Heaven and Peterboro. —Herkimer
 Freeman.
From the Emancipator.
 J. G. PALFREY’S LIBERATION OF
 SLAVE PROPERTY.
 We publish the following account of
 Mr. Palfrey’* act of philanthropy, in
 liberating slaves which he inherited.—
 It is taken from the Lowell Courier of
 November 19th, 1816, and was written
 by William Schouler, Esq., editor of
 the Boston Atlas, who at that time was
 editor of the Courier. It is a truthful
 account of the whole affair, and con
 tains, in addition, some remarks which
 show an appreciating estimate of Mr.
 Palfrey’s character. We commend it
 to the people of District No. 4, as being
 quite as likely to be correct as any
 thing they will be likely to get from the
 same source during the present can
 vass.
 In advocating Mr Palfrey’s election,
 we may frequently have occasion to
 make use of the editorials of the Lowei
 Courier of the fall of 1816. We shall
 be saved the trouble of writing articles
 of a similar character, and shall com
 pliment our neighbor over the way, by
 giving the productions of his better days
 to the public:
 Ho.*. Job* G. Palfexy. —We trust
 that our Whig friends io the Fourth
 District will not sufTertheir organization
 to get out of order before they have
 had one more trial to elect a member of
 Congress. The defeat of the Hon.
 John G. Palfrey at the hud trial, was
 deeply regretted by the Whigs through
 out the State. We knew the man, and
 we knew his popularity in the district,
 and we believed be would he elected on
 the first trial; but we were mistaken.—
 The Liberty party vote was larger than
 we anticipated it would have been. Mr.
 Palfrey made, however, a glorious run.
 He went ahead of his ticket. No Whig
 ever came so near an election in the
 district, on the first trial. Last year
 the majority against Gov. Briggs in the
 district was fifteen hundred. Now Mr.
 Palfrey comes within about four hun
 dred votes of an election. This should
 encourage our Whig friends to make a
 strenuous effort at the next trial. They
 have but to pot forth their whole
 strength, and n glorious triumph will be
 dm result.
 “One word in referenoe to the greet
 thllsmurfs«e£nr, which appeared
 in the the week
 BStf phiitntkpipy
which graces the life of John G. Pal
 frey, and which will be spoken of and
 applauded, long after tbe present con
 test is ended aod forgotten—we mean,
 of course, the liberation of the slaves
 which fell to him by inheritance, and
 the manner in which the act of libera
 tion was accomplished—the Freeman
 told the people that there was no pe
 cuniary sacrifice made by Mr. Palfrey,
 because he was a man of great fortune,
 being possessed of some two or three
 j hundred thousand dollars! Never was
 there a grosser error promulgated about
 a candidate. Mr. Palfrey is far from
 being a rich man. He is dependent
 upon his salary of Secretary of State
 for his present means of living, and we
 koow that he entertained doubts whe
 ther he could afford to sacrifice the in
 come which his present office gives him
 i for the more uncertain pay of a mem
 ber of Congress; but Mr. Palfrey ac
 ceded to the wishes of the Whigs of
 his District, and accepted of the nomi
 nation.
 We regret that circumstances render
 it necessary for us to touch upon mat
 ters of this description, in speaking ot
 the claims of candidates for the suf
 frages of the people. It is contrary to
 our practice; but we think it due to
 Mr. Palfrey, due to the Whig party,
 and due to truth and justice, that the
 statement in the Freeman should be
 corrected.
 We have said but little of the act ol
 philanthropy, during the ,late canvass,
 which the Freeman sneers at and tries
 to belittle. It was a noble act, nevei
 theless, and evinces a warm heart and
 liberal mind. The slaves who owe their
 liberty to him were worth, in New Or
 leans, ten thousand dollars; they were
 w at he inherited, and we believe all
 that he inherited, from the estate of his
 father. He immediately proclaimed
 them freemen—nay, more, he made a
 journey to Louisiana, and brought the
 liberated slaves with him to free Massa
 chusetts, at his own expense, and found
 places for them, where they could earn
 decent livelihoods, and live freemen.
 This was all done without parade, and
 without a desire that the act should be
 known; and we venture to say, so little
 had the matter been bruited abroad,
 that at the time of his nomination, noi
 one-fourth part of the voters of his dis
 trict ever heard of the act. Mr. Pal
 frey takes no himself for the
 part he took. He says he only did his
 duty, and no more. When some gen
 tlemen called on Mr. Palfrey, two years
 ago, and asked that his name might be
 used at the convention aa a candidate
 for the nomination, they referred to the
 tact of liberating the Louisiana slaves,
 and told him that it would be a popular
 theme, and would greatly facilitate his
 eleelioh. He refused to allow his name
 to be brought forward, and said that he
 could not bear that that act should be
 spoken of as a claim upon the people
 for their votes. Any one acquainted
 with Mr. Palfrey, will readily appre
 ciate the motives which influenced him,
 and bow a gentleman of his highly cul
 tivated, acutely sensitive, and finely
 balanced mind, would shrink from the
 idea of having one of hi? benevolent
 acts, even though that act be one, tak
 ing everything connected with it, that
 has, as we believe, no parallel in New
 England, paraded before the public as
 something which is to be remunerated
 by a seat in Congress.
 We mention these facts because of
 the unfounded, and we may add, almost
 unparalleled slanders which have been
 circulated through the Freeman, edi
 torially, and by the address of the De
 mocratic District Committee, in refer
 ence to Mr. Paltrey. But it is not from
 these facts that we ask the intelligent
 voters of the Fourth District to vote for
 Mr. Palfrey. They are only meant to!
 influence the public mind, so far as they
 show the character of tbe Whig candi
 date. We ask the people to vnte for
 Mr. Palfrey, because he is an able and
 true-hearted Whig, a man deeply
 learned, of spotless reputation, of high
 and commanding talents, a vigorous
 writer and an eloquent speaker. He is
 an advocate of human progress, in its:
 broadest and most comprehensive sense
 —not tied down to the dead letter of the j
 past; his mind is filled with hopeful as-’
 pirations of the attainment of a higher
 civilization, a truer liberty—one capa-|
 ble of being enjoyed by tbe whole
 family of man, whatever may be the
 color of tbeir skin or the accent of their
 speeb.
 Whigs of the Fourth District! such,
 faintly delineated, is Ike Candidate
 whom you have nominated. Let it not
 be said that he twice failed of an elec-;
 tion to a scat in Congress, when by a,
 little exertion on your part, be could 1
 have succeeded.
THE BAD LUMP.
 The following incident we relate m
 the authority of the old tailor, who de
 livered a temperance lecture on board
 a steamboat running between N. York
 and New Haven.
 Having found a man who was divest
 ed of all decent clathiug, and in a
 wretched state of health, in conse
 quence of drinking, he induced him,
 amidst the discouragements of the tav
 ern keeper, at whose bouse be had
 fonnd him, to sign the temperance!
 pledge for one year. The landlord
 prophtcted that be would not keep the
 pledge n year, or that if be did, he
 would never renew it. An the year
 wns coming to a clone, the old sailor
 called upon the man, and secured his
 signature again. He signed it for 999
 of a IP# lease
 WU Ik. iay arrived ap.
 Sg&amp;isussnsil
 tanra ketpar. "Than ba etw,
 **f er will in, &gt;&lt;ka will ka»a
 mow, so^ 7 twUo hmg
 0 w
JOHN DICK, rvstnus*-
WHOLE N 0.—50-
abstinence." When he arrived at the
 tavern, he complained of a bad feeling
 at his stomach, and of various evils,
 among which was a bad lump on one
 •ide, which had been growing for a
 number of months. “Ah!” said the
 landlord, did 1 not tell you it would
 kill you to break off drinking so sud
 denly 1 wonder you bare lived
 as long as you have. Come, wbat will
 you take?” and suiting the action to
 the word, he placed a decanter befor
 biro.
 “But,” said the visitor, “I have
 signed the pledge again for 990 years,
 with the privilege of a life lease af
 ter it!”
 What a fool!** said the landlord.—
 If you go on as you have done, you
 will not live another year.*’
 Do you really think so, landlord?**
 Certainly. Come, what will you
 take?”
 “Oh, no, landlord; 1 have sigoed
 the pledge again, and then this terrible
 lump on my side. Ido not believe that
 drinking will make it auy better.”
 It is all because you left off drink
 ing,” said the landlord. You’ll have
 a bigger lump than that oo the other
 side before long if you continue another
 year as the last.”
 “Do you think I will? Well, then,
 so be it. I will not violate my pledge!
 for look here, landlord, (pulling out a
 great purse, with a hundred dollars in
 silver shining through the interstices,
 that is my lump which has been growing
 for so many months, and as you say, it m
 is all in consequence of signing the
 pledge. That is what you would have
 had, if I had not signed it; and if I
 have a bigger *one than that for 999
 years', I will not go to drinking again.—
 JY. Y. Evan*.
HUMAN HYDROPHOBIA.
 One could almost suppose that hy
 drophobia, in a certain modified form,
 was an endemic in human society, as
 well as amongst d*&gt;gs. The lower por
 tion of the community, in particular,
 seem to consider themselves as having
 a prescriptive right to suffer from it.—
 The diagnosis of the malady in the
 human patient does not point to a ca
 tastrophe altogether so abrupt and tra
 gical as in the canine, but it is attended
 by circumstances quite as sinister.—
 Dirty faces, dirty clothes, dirty houses,
 dirt all over, are the symptoms which
 most forcibly arrest attention; and yet
 bad as these are, know that there
 are worse effects underneath the sur
 face, for where physical dirt goes,there
 also resides moral degradation.
 We know of no country in Europe
 where there is so little disposition on the
 part of the people, as in ours, to give
 themselves even that exbiluatiag hipd
 of ablution which is derived from bath
 ing. At the. present season, the trav
 eller on the continent finds the rivers
 alive with swimmers, and we remember,
 when sailing down the Loire to Nantez,
 observing the steamer frequently sur
 rounded, more especially when nearing,
 the great manufacturing cuy, with
 crowds of black heads, and white
 shoulders. In Russia, where the peo
 ple have not got beyond the middlo
 ages, the lower classes do not yet know
 the use of a shirt, but wear it above
 their trowsers in the form of a kilt.
 They have not, however, abandoned
 the bath. Towards the end of the
 week, they feel a prickly and umcom*
 fortable sensation in their skin, and at
 length rush eagerly into the hot steam,
 and boiling out the impurities of the
 preceding six days, begin life again
 with new vigor. In summer, they do
 not wait for days and times, but merely
 get up an hour earlier, and dash into
 the nearest pond or river. In ou* re
 fined country, dirt causes no uneasiness,
 it is allowed to harden upon the skin,
 choke up the pores, and contaminate
 the whole being, moral and physical.
 It blunts the senses to such s degree,
 that the husband does not detect it in
 the wife, nor the mother in the child.
 All are alike. All have forfeited the
 dignity of human nature, and sunk iuto
 a lower scale of aoimal existence.
 While mentioning the custom that
 prevails in Russia, we are struck with
 the proof afforded there of the connec
 tion between moral and physical clean
 liness. The state of the hath-house of
 the hamlet is an unfailing idea to the
 character and position of the inhabi
 tants. It is neat and trim, the people
 are good and happy, and their feudal
 lord kind and considerate; if poor and
 ruinous, there is tyranny on the one
 hand, misery on the ocher, and depravi
 ty on both.
 In respect to its contagiousness or
 inclination to spread, the human malady
 seems not s bit behind the canine, tbo*
 certainly the immediate symptom* ere
 less virulent. It has been implied
 the Main of dirt extends from the akin
 i of the individual over hie file and eon
 vernation. But it does more than that;
 it contamioatea hie family; it daube hie
 neighbors; it forms nucleus round
 which impurity gathers, end strength
 ens, and spreads. Insignificant at firm
 in iteelf, it becomes a social evil of im
 portance. It it one of the unite which
 gives its character to the aggregate;
 IUM I» viaing out of things which at first
 i WM OD ty scorned from good taste,
 shunned from individual repugnance,
 or laughed at out of sheer folly, we see
 spreading over the land, vice, misery,
 pestilence and death. Yet we observe
 the symptoms of this formidable disease
 with a glassy and indifferent eye, while
 those of canine hydrophobia inspire us
 with horror and alarm, and drive us to
 dog murder in self-defewce!
Poctical. Whet a beautiful place
 Heaven ief’’ exclaimed a little bey.
 Why do yen think sol** asked bis
 fotber. “Because,"said bn, alluding
 SSUSSfc"' 1
