Freeman's Ho**- As the areolar of Mr.
 Lewis is to be published, end another meeting
 of the Rochester Grantee* i* J anticipated, I
 forbear farther remark*.—w. c.
 Rochester, Dec- 6th, 1848.

 p 7 In addition to the foregoing we are re
 quested to state, that persons wishing to have
 their lands surveyed, and to receive a survey
 bill for the same, An have U done by writing
 to Mr. Wait J. Lewis, Keene, Essex Co.,
 N. Y., giving their Mines and residence, and
 enclosing the sum of 1,60. Or they may
 address the same to Frederick Douglass,
 North Star office, Rochester, and the matter
 will be attended to. Every man should have
 bis land sstveyed.—r. n.
Communications.
Letter from Marin W. C hapman.
 We have rereived the following kind and
 welcome letter from Mrs. *'liapman. It will
 lie interesting to our reader*
 Paris, Sept. 22, 1648.
 Mr Dr a a Friend,—l trust you will ere
 this have received the equivalent m dollars
 and cents of jCIO, which I received from
 Byron, with the request to use it for
 his (your) benefit at my (your) own discre-&lt;
 t»on.” I hastened to place it in your hands
 immediately not that my opinion is changed
 with regard to the publication of the North
 Star.” I regretted, and still regret in com
 mon with ell your Boston friends, that one
 whom we so highly value, and from whom
 we hope so much, should lie subjected to the
 harassing anxieties and heavy financial re
 sponsibi lilies of a perplexing business opera
 tion, the value of which we know only too
 well how to appreciate.
 But I cannot feel willing to exercise any
 other discretion in the transmission of this
 sum, than'to beg you to receive it freely, in
 token of my unwillingness to interfere in any
 other way with your own best judgment, in
 the management of your own affairs, than a
 friendly heart ever feels authorized to do by
 suggestion and advice. These I offered long j
 since, and wili not now' repeat. I will only I
 renew’ my best wishes to yourself and family, j
 with warm congratulations on the more satis
 factory position into which the circumstances
 of the cause arc gradually coming by the an
 nihilation of Liberty Party, and the formation
 of the great Northern and Southern political
 bodies, ljet us all unite with renewed ener
 gy in the promulgation of the principles of;
 uncompromising right, which have caused
 this satisfactory result; for only while the
 abolitionists persevere, can anV such half-way
 political movement proceed.
 Faithfully and truly your friend,
 M. W. CHAPMAN.
Thirteenth Annual Meeting of the Rhode
 Island Anti-Slavery Society.
 Convened in Mechanic’s Hall, Providence,!
 November 16th, 1848, at 10 o’clock A. M.,
 the President in the Chair. Meeting opened
 with prayer by Mrs. Sophia L. Little, of
 Newport.
 Remarks were made by Mrs. Little, touch
 ing the encouraging aspect of the cause—by
 Rev. Martin Cheney, founded upon the report*
 of a speech made by Rev. H. W. Beecher,!
 at a recent meeting held in Broadway Taber
 nacle, New York, on behalf of certain fe
 males, members of the Methodist Episcopal
 Church, who were claimed as slaves.
 Two o’clock P. M. —Meeting addressed by
 Rev. J. S. Mewry. Mr. M. urged the im
 portance of a decided testimony on the part of
 clergymen and others, on the subject of sla
 very and other reforms. Mr. M. was follower!
 by Mr. J. B. Sanderson, of New Bedford,]
 who very forcibly and eloquently illustrated
 the proposition, “.That colored men have a
 peculiar interest in the Anti-Slavery move
 ment” —“That he is a walking, living, speak
 ing monument of the influence of slavery.”
 }|e also urged, Ist, upon ihe colored people to
 be vigilant, active, diligent, in making them
 selves, in deed and in truth, proficient in all
 things pertaining to civil and social life 3d,
 Consistent political action; 3d, To separate
 themselves from the pro-slavery spirit of the
 community,and identify themselves thorough
 ly with the friends of the slave, and the slave
 himself.
 Rev. Martin Cheney—Had found it difficult
 to identify himself with ilie colored man
 supposed that it was difficult for others, lie
 thought the persons who came nearest to it
 were Win. L. Garrison and Gerrit Smith. It
 looked as though some of the colored people
 found this rather hard. Nowhere can this
 lie done except in this poor, despised, hooted,
 anti-slavery movement. It is not that
 the colored people do not come with us. It is
 a despised place. Must all rise above circum
 stances, not be enslaved by them. Where is
 the hope of the slave Ist. Has he any hope
 from the attitude of government? Not so
 much as from the North Star. No hope from
 the Constitution —its influence has been to.
 fasten the slave in his chains. 2d. Is there
 any hope from a change of government?—
 The Free Soil party may produce some fa
 vorable changes,.(jut doubtful. 3. Is there
 any hope from the church It is difficult to
 produce any change or reform here. Whence,
 then, have you hope for the slave From the
 ariti-slavery influence that is abroad, as seen
 in the disturbed state of church and state—as
 seen in the late Buffalo Convention. God’s
 eye is upon the slave hence there is hope.
 The slave will be redeemed, for the truth will
 raise him up. In closing, Mr. C. paid a 1
 beautiful and eloquent tribute to the editor of
 the North Star.
 Mr. Redden—Did not feel like censuring
 the colored people as fiercely as some of the
 A. 8. friends. We exjiect too much of them
 —expect them to spring at once from their
 degradation, uuo full growu men. Their
 progress for the last two years has been won
 derful. lo elevate them, we must respect
 them, and acknowledge their equality.
 J.B. Sanderson—We do not ask the whites
 for pity. Give us our rtghit; we ask noth
 ing more.” Take a*ay the obstacles you
 have thrown in our way, then if we do not
 rise, let u* sink to oui proper place. Mr. 8.
 strongly urged the colored people to identify
 themselves with the abolitionists.
 Seven o’clock P. M.—Remarks by Mr.
 Ingalls. Slavery results from an inequitable
 division of the rights of labor. The aversion
 of the Northern laboring classes to etnanetps- j
 tioo, suae* from tins notion that laborer* willi
 be unduly increased. No country has abol
ished slavery from Tine m a
 tendency in all eouaiwas as ehrraae and in
 crane capital, eoabttag it to eras* the laborer.
 This will always be the ease until slsvsry is
 abolished from principle. Land monopoly is
 a greater evil than staverj. Than ia a prin
 ciple st work that will destroy slavery—popu
 lation wili increase in such a ratio, that hind
 labor w ill be cheaper than bought. “I would
 enlarge the A. 8. platform.” These were
 the principal point* is Mr. I.’a speech.
 F. Douglass, ia reply to Mr. Ingalls, said
 This a time when firm, derided and
 scathing testimony shook! be given on the
 subject of slavery. The love of power is tbe
 fundamental element of slavery, not love of
 wealth. These most be kept distinct. Let
 each stand on its own bean. To annihilate
 the distinction between free labor and slave
 labor, is to annihilate tbe distinction between
 persons and things.”
 On motion of Geo. L. Clarke, D. B. Harris,
 Daniel Mitchell, and J. L. Clarke were ap
 pointed a committee to take up a contribution,
 w bile the di-oussion waa going on.
 F. Ifouglaas attributed the defection of
 Horace Greeley to a desire of obtaining tbe
 support of pro-slavery freemen—denominated
 the Free Soil movement and the Buffalo Con
 vention as a pledge of Northern freemen
 against Southern slaveholders; yet not a
 movement in which he, as an abolitionist,
 could enlist. They aim ta localize slavery.—
 That would be a good thing. We wanted a
 victory over the slave power. Tbe South
 has always beaten us. The people are dis
 couraged, and think that they cannot succeed.
 We w ant to gain one victory. This victory
 cannot be obtained by tbe Free Soil move
 ment. The Free Soil party are a* much for
 availability as the Zack Taylor party,
 us rally for a true Free Soil party. 'lTiis must
 lie done by the promulgation of anti-slavery
 principles. We must go on and lead the
 Free Soilers. Should we go to them, we
 shculd sink them with odium. Attention
 must not he drawn off from tlie church and
 clergy.
 After singing Come Join the Abolition
 ists,” the meeting adjourned to Friday morn
 ing at 10 o’ofeck.
 Friday, A. M.—Prayer by Rev. Edward
 Scott. Remarks by the President and Mrs.
 Little. Mrs. L. remarked on the providence
 of God in behalf of the slave.
 COMMITTEES APPOINTED.
 Business Committee —J. B. Sanderson,Oli
 ver Johnson, F. Douglass, Geo. Bradburn,
 Thomas Davis.
 Finance Committee —Daniel Mitchell, F.
 Douglass, Thomas Davis.
 The Report of the Recording Secretary
 was read by Geo. L. Clarke. Accepted, and
 referred to the Business Committee for publi
 cation. That Rhode Island is no longer
 hunting ground for the slaveholder,” a senti
 ment contained in the report, called forth
 some animated and interesting remarks from
 G. Richmond, O. Johnson, Geo. L. Clarke,
 F. Douglass, Win. Adams, J. W. Buffum,
 Rev. Messrs. Scott and Davis.
 Afternoon Session.—Resolutions No. 1 and
 2, reported by the Business Committee, were
 discussed by F. Douglass and G. Bradburn.
 F. Douglass—The Convention of 1787 le
 gislated for slavery. The resolutions are
 based upon the entire action of the Federal;
 Government, from its commencement to the
 present lime—upon the admissions of all the
 political parties, not excepting the Free Soil
 party. This doctrine has been admitted by
 all statesmen and jurists, and, until within a
 few years, has never been doubted. It is the
 duty of all to say that they will not be parties
 to these compromises. It is said that the term
 slavery” is not there. Art. Ist, Sec. 2d
 Three-fifths of all other persons,” must re
 fer to slaves. Art. 4, Sec. 2d. It is. admitted
 that a person is a slave, and a slave is a per
 son. In this clause, the term person” must
 mean slave. Apprentices are everywhere
 held to service and labor, wherever found.—
 Slaves owe service under the laws of the
 State where they are held. Chattels are held
 to service. Slaves are held to service in the
 same sense.
 Geo. Bradburn.—l. National justice only
 law—nothing else can be. 2. The applica
 tion of certain legal rule pf interpretation,
 i would make the Constitution an anti-slavery
 instrument, viz: 1. Seek its meaning from
 its own words. 2. When susceptible of two
 meanings, that must be given which will fa
 vor honesty. 3. Deny that slavery ever was
 legalized—could not be legalized under the
 charter?, for they contained clauses prohibiting
 slavery. It is a mistake to suppose that
 Massachusetts abolished slavery by the adop
 tion of the Constitution it was abolished by
 the Judiciary. The Constitution finished the
 work perhaps. 2. There is nothing in tlie
 j State Constitution establishing or legalizing
 j slavery. 4. The instrument itself. Art. 4,
 Sec* 2. Not a word in it about slavery;
 must go out of it. This conflicts with the
 j rule. Held to service,” Sic. This is a
 I legal holding—apprentices are thus held.—
 No statute requiring service of a slave. Ser
 vice is not a characteristic of slavery.-
 Under the laws thereof. Everything
 called a statute not a law must be according
 to the Constitution. In the other terms, sla
 very is not clearly meant. Benj. Franklin
 j did not so understand it, nor Patrick Heory.
 1 Art. 1. Sec. It this were read by one who
 j is a stranger to the situation of the country,
 would he suppose that one-sixth of the peo
 ple were held as slaves' No? Frederick
 Douglass himself will not admit it. Other
 per sous” may refer to many other classes than
 slaves—foreigners, Ac. The word “free” is
 not a correlative of slave.” h denotes per
 sons endowed with certain political privileges,
 as was the custom m Rhode Island a few
 years since. We are not to give it this coo
 struction, if an honest one can be found in all
 God's creatioo. Art. 1, Sec. 9. Importa
 tion” applied only to slaves. Authority
 agaiust this interpretation, see Dan. Webster.
 Refers to importation of foreigners, (Spooner.)
 Choate and other lawyers might be quoted to
 the same effect- If it refers to slaves, it
 makes the couotry form a conspiracy against
 the rights of foreign freemen. There art
 clauses that oooffict with tbe right of Con
 gress to defend of support slavery. Constitn
 tutioo guaranties to each State a republican
 form of goveriuneot. This cannot be done
 and slavery continued-
 Oliver Johnson The** rules are true in
 certain cases. Mr. B. tikes them out of their
 proper reiatiooe. Hifeery must ant bn for
 gotten It tenches us that slavery has bean
broken info important rale,
 whan parties differ in sfiafoa, they any gs
 into the tn iad oat its
 •tnwsentahty to eappavt slavery. The rinro
 trade waa aflmd for twenty yens. Benj
 Frankha did not believe that Congress had
 the power to aMfefi slavery. His object waa
 to aid those who wero art—pi if u&gt; mam
 their liberty.
 Evening-—Renolntioo No. 8 offered and
 discussed by J. B. Sanderson. Mr. 8. wet
 followed by F. Douglass, who introdaced u
 tbe aodieoe* a family of night persons, fogi
 l lives. A col lection in the meantime vn
 their behalf. Resolution No. 3 waa
 adopted. No. 1 and 3 laid on the table. The
 meeting was addressed at length by F. Doug
 lass. He addressed the colored people in re
 ference to their peculiar duties, aad then
 psased to a consideration -of Reoolaqqi No.
 4 and of the general subject of slavery.
 The Half was crowded daring both eve
 nings of the meeting. Just at the done of the
 last meeting, some persons about the door of
 the hall gave three cheera for Gen. Taylor,
 whereupon F. Douglass proposed three cheers
 for Liberty, which were heartily given, and
 repeated by the audience. Three more were
 given about the door for Old Zack,” when
 F. D. proposed that the same persona give
 three cheera for “Oi l .Zack three hundred
 slaves, which, after seme hesitation, were
 j given. Now,” say* Douglass, 44 You are
 just fit to keep oW Zaek’s slaves company.—
 I'his silenced them.
 OFFICERg OF THE E. I. A. S. SOCIETY.
 President— JOHN BROW, of E. Greenwich.
 Vice-Presidents —G. L. Clarke, Providence,
 Daniel Mitchell, North Providence.
 Secretary —Amarancy Paine.
 Treasurer —Martin Robinson.
 Auditor —Geo. L. Clarke.
 Executive Committee —A. R. Janes, Thoe.
 Davis, J. L. Clarke, D. B. Harris, Mary R.
 Clarke, Mary Hathaway, Abby Burgess, Al
 exander Lake, Daniel Mitchell, Edward
 Scott, Susan Sisson, Joseph Chace. Mrs. D.
 R. B, Harris, Amos J. Bellow.
 With the exception of the disturbance
 above alluded to, made by those friends of or
 der and liberty, the Zach Taylorites,” the
 meetings passed off quietly, were well at
 tended, rim evening sessions being extremely
 crowded, and it is believed exerted a most
 beneficial influence upon public sentiment.
 Of the following resolutions, Nos. 1 and 2
 were laid on the table. The rest were
 adopted
 1. Resolved, That the Constitution of the
 United States, by allowing the slaveholders to
 be represented in Congress and in the Elec
 toral Colleges, for their human chattels, by its
 provision for the return of the fugitive slave
 to his master, and by pledging the Free States
 to aid in putting down slave insurrections, in
 volves all. who swear to support it, or who
 vote to place in any office a man who must,
 before entering upon the discharge of its du
 ties, take an oath to sustain it, in the guilt of
 supporting an infamous pro-slavery compact.
 2. Resolved, That the friends of God and
 Liberty, if they would absolve themselves
 from blood-guiltiness in this matter, must
 withdraw their support from the Union of the
 States, as at present constituted, and establish
 a government tree from the contamination of
 slavery, and which shall maintain the equal
 rightsof all who dwell under its jurisdiction.
 3. Resolved, That the principle of chattel
 &lt;JBinary nrkwk *lro Cvutb dcMIUJB dtS
 tinction between a man and a beast, crushes
 the aspirations of the soul, the strongest evi
 dence of man’s divine paternity, is tbe same
 with the spirit of prejudice against the free
 people of color at the North, which makes
 their condition but little better than that of the
 slave—denying to them the Elective Fran
 chise, refusing to treat them as brethren in
 the house of worship, closing against them
 the seminaries of learning, and thus shutting
 out from their minds the light of knowledge,
 ia obstructing the development of their will
 and ingenuity, degrading and treating them
 with all manner of contumely, practices which
 implicate the people of the North in the re
 sponsibility of giving the most efficient sup
 port to slavery.
 4. Resolved, That this Society again re
 news its oft oft-repeated and solemn testimony
 against the slaveholding position at present
 occupied by the American church and clergy;
 and again renews its oft-repeated pledge, nev-
 I er to relinquish that oft-repeated testimony,
 while the religions bodies referred to continue
 to fellowship slaveholders as Christians —to
 I fraternize with them for the spread of tbe
 1 gospel —to unite with them in- efforts
 to send the Bible to tbe heathen abroad,
 while they deny that book to three millions of
 heathen at home; and by maintaining a
 studied silence respecting tbe awful sin and
 crime of slavery, do thus award that horrible
 system the most profound religious sanction
 and support; and tbat we call upon all who
 would free themselves from responsibility for
 slavery, to abandon at once those slaveholding
 churches, and atone for their past wrong to
 the slavery devoting themselves unreservedly
 to promoting, in every Christian way, the im
 mediate apd unconditional emancipation of the
 American bondman.
 5. Resolved, That we rejoice in the rapid
 spread of anti-slavery principles, as evinced
 in the recent formation of tbe Free Soil party;
 and while we cannot regard its platform as
 sufficiently broad for aboiiudhists to stand
 upon, we nevertheless hail it as tbe harbinger
 of the downfall of the alavepower and the
 I slave system in our land.
 S. S. Ashley, Sec. pro. tem.
 Opinion of Mr. Henn on the Writ of
 Error. —A case on bebelf of Mr. Smith
 O’Brien and tbe other state prisoners coo
 -1 victed of high at Clonmel, has been
 laid before an eminent counsel, Mr. Jonathan
 i Henn, who had been retained by the Crown
 on the state trials in Dublin, under the Treason
 Felony Act. Mr. Henn has given it as bis
 opinion that, inasmuch as the act of last
 ■cmion has extended die whole treason law of
 England to this country, the prisoners at
 Clonmel were entitled to a list of witnesses,
 and a copy of the jury panel, tan days before
 trial; and that, in consequence of the refusal
 to grant them by the Crown, the writ of error
 must succeed, and the jodgment mast be
 quashed.—ln reply to another query, Mr.
 1 Henn ns* given it as his opinion, that in cane
 another indictment for high treason should be
 j preferred against Mr. Smith O’Brien and the
 other priaooem tried at Clonmel, they would
 have the right* te plead 44 former
 to bar nay new mdifimeut.—lf Mr. Han,
 who is one of the highest authorities at the
 Iriah bar, should prove correct in his view of
 tbe law, the effect weald be to quash the judg
 ments pronounced at Clonmel—w prevents
 second trial of the priaonees; aad, nonsequmi
 ly, to release them from mil the penahies of
 high treason. —Lands* Standard of Freedom.
 A Shock or an Ea*tbqca*e was fob in
 the Parfeb of Grand Maud, Canadajaa Mon
 day morning, the ffth tart., at aqnarter past 5,
 Issunr 3 minutes.
 M. R. Deujiy, meoctstc with Frederick
 Douglass, ia the aiilnnrl dopsrtateat of the
 North fitar, has hens addressing highly grati
 fied aodieneesof hioeolmad bretberen, in thin
 jwd?*»■ mmm* TT*
 feT frmnUm paean !ad £TfoJwT
 -Cbfcmfc* (P***) fin
Clctklabjl Sept. 11, 1646.
 At a mnrtiny of tho Ohm iMagatasn at
 reading the National Csaveausn ef Calmed
 Ctewffiad, Ohm, Hey twin fob.
 Her. S. P. Lewis, of Zanesville, was raffed
 to the Chair, and W. H. Burnham appointed
 Secretary. J. L- Watson stated foe objects
 of the meeting, after which, C. H. Langston,
 J. L. Watson aad John Mahria were appointed
 whan the committee reported as fallows
 Whereas, The peculiar -irrmarttEiiin se
 der which the colored people of the United
 States am placed, drtnaadr immediate, con
 stant and energetic action oa our part, ami
 Whereas, We behove that Coaveaoons are
 pre-eminently calculated to enhance that ac
 tion, Therefore,
 Resolved, That we, a portion of the Ohm
 Delegation to the National Convention, do
 earnestly rail apoo the State Central Cean
 rnittee to call a State Convention to amemhle
 in the city of Columbus some time in Januarv,
 1649.
 Resolved, That we individually pledge our
 selves to do all in our power to secure a fell
 representation to raid Convention.
 Roaolred, Tbat the proceedings of this)
 meeting he published in the True Democrat:
 and Herald, Cleveland, tbe North Star, N.Y..
 and Ohio Standard, Columbus, and the Globe,
 of Cincinnati, and all other papers friendly to
 tbe elevation and improvement of the colored
 people in Ohio.
 On motion, J. L. Watson wan appointed a
 Committee of one to secure and furnish each
 paper nhmed a copy of the proceedings of this
 meeting.
 Re*. S. P. LEWIS, Pres’u
 W. H. Burnham, Sec’y.
 In accordance with the recommendation of
 the resolution' adopted at this meeting, the
 State Central Committee have issued the fol
 lowing call:
 Convention of Colored Citizen*.
 A Mass Convention of the Colored Citi-,
 zens of Ohio, will be held in Columbus,;
 commencing January 10th, 1640. The object j
 of this Convention is out elevation, moral,!
 intellectual, and political. Encountering us!
 in the first step of our march, stand Ohio’s
 Black Laws.” They must be repealed. It
 is true, stripped as we are of all political
 power, we have only a moral power over
 them bnt it is only necessary to wield this
 power aright, and it is mighty to the pulling
 down of the Btrongholds of oppression and j
 wrong. Therefore, let us not be slothful, but
 diligent, doing all we have the ability to do;
 so that if we must be made longer to bleed
 beneath the cruel inflictions of ignorance,!
 prejudice, and heathenish proscription, we;
 may at least, amidst our sufferings, have this!
 consolation That we have exerted our
 selves to the uttermost to escape the bloody
 scourge.”
 To the County Committee. —You, gen
 tlemen, are expected to co-operate with the
 Central Committee in bringing together, to
 form this Convention, a body of independent,
 fearless and talented men—men in whose
 hearts burns unquenchably the love of liberty;
 and who will permit no surmountable obstacle
 to work any intermission in their efforts to
 come at once into the most complete enjoy
 ment of that liberty wbichdhey love. There
 are such men; and reasonable exertion will
 suffice to assemble them together. Hitherto,
 our Conventions have been made up of men
 who had received the suffrage*, and been sent
 up by the authority of their constituents.—
 Under that arrangement, there is reason to
 suspect that in very many instances those
 most roughly acquainted, with our griev
 ances, and the best qualified to. remedy them?
 have from their faithfulness in reproving what
 ever evil they have seen prevailing in their
 respective communities, incurred the dis
 pleasure of their fellow-citizens, and been re
 pudiated by them as busy-bodies, meddlers in
 other men’s matters while those who have
 stood by, cordially assenting to the shouts of
 the multitudes, knowing nothing about the
 interest of the people, and caring less, are sent
 up to do business for our oppressed people.—
 In order that this, as well as other evils re
 sulting from the old order of things, may be
 averted, we have proclaimed a Mass Conven
 tion, thus affording every man who feels the i
 weight of the yoke, and is tired of wearing it, 1
 and has sufficient intelligence to contribute;
 aught to remove it, a fair opportunity to do so.
 J. POINDEXTER.
 J. BOOKER,
 WM. WARD,
 W. DEPT,
 P. IJTCHFORD,
 A. M. TAYTOR,
 NM. COPELAND,
 ISAIAH REDMAR,
 E. FIELDS,
 State Central Com.
Thr Pakisi w National Guards in Lon
 i don. —Yesterday and on Monday, two large
 bodies of ihe Parisian National Guards arrived
 at the London bridge terminus of the South
 eastern Railway from Dover. It appears the
 Republican heroes, having become imbued
 with a desire to view this far-famed metropo
 lis, arrangements were made with the North
 era of France railway for their conveyance to
 Calais via Lille, and intimation having been
 given to the authorities of the South-eastern
 and Continental steam Packet Company of
 their exported arrival at Calais, tbe Princess
 Maude and Queen of the Belgians steamers
 were despatched to convey theca in three de
 taehments to Dover .whence they were brought
 by special train to London. On Monday eve
 ning about 700 arrived at the London bridge
 terminus, last evening 500, all in full
 uniform. Oa alighting from the carriages,
 the National Guard* appeared to he in high
 splits, and after congratulating each other,
 and expressing their satisfaction to the rail
 way the procession moved west
 ward. There were coaches and cab* in
 abundance waiting the arrival of the special
 trains, aad or Monday evening they were ia
 no^B.,4 f &gt;»hl« demand, but last evening, the
 weather bmag fine, the majority of the Na
 tional Guards preferred walking. It is im
 possible to speak toe bighlv ol tbe manner in
 which the strangers conduct themselves.—
 Times.
 Am Exfusucemt —W© understand that a
 uumber ef iiiiimpiraiff colored men m this
 othar Satan have in enatamphtiaa ta
 aatahttah tberaaebes jb a neighborhood ia the
 town of Flow**, Ojieida County. They
 have goatracced for 100 village lota, contain
 ing oieHqaarter of as each, with the
 pSrflegeof «saot»w* addmonaf. m tbe
 f--- 2 vicinity.
 Several of ear most wonhey colored qtimns
 am ringramf ia the eaforpnm, and, from foe
 mint which they eviara, aad than general
 amat will proye sunnwful.—{ Affray Bos
 Luuttni has left Faria on a proriaaial
 mar. Oa hie arrival a» Mnoon. an bin way ta
Commercial
Kocatiftt, IWr. BA
 Tfare fas po— fittfc damp mmr —rfatfaßfa
 fm few fay*,—fag P"**) lafaclua* «MM
 aavifarisa, aad partly to fa iw hurt of fa m,
 ly fa—am m wtolii faar% tyrtwi-
 MM.mfefarlSVk.HlN pmbm hvm
 wagoa, aad 91 1W by CmmaL There w ao*
 mmj (fafeltatliß ia dR Grwi market. sad bat
 vary fade fasag.
Iwkitw Wkakaak him Camat.
 KIjOCI mb MEAL—Daty Bf cainJ
 FW.rbbi »m m sat
 PROVISIONS—Duty; Reef,Pork,Ha—, Bocuo,
 Butler aad Lard, 29 ?c; Cfaesa 39 P c 4d ral
 Pork, (mem) .13 80 *l4 99
 Do. iafaf 400* 4 SO
 Beef, cwt. ft SO 4SO
 Do. bbL (aaess) 700 8 Oft
 Lard (tried) tp 0 7
 Do. (leaf,)
 Ha—, (—iked) 10.. 8
 Shooiden, do 4 4ft 5
 Turkey* pfo *.O
 Chickens 0
 Potatoes, bask. SS
 GRAIN—Daty; SSyeadral
 Wheat, bush 1 00
 Coro 46
 Rye .50
 Oats a 4» *8
 Barley 50
 HIDES—Daty; tf eadnl
 Slaughter 3*
 Calf ..10
 Sheep Pehn I** 0 25
 SEEDS—Duty; 1 iaseed 10 y'c; Mustard 30 y
 c ad val
 Closer
 Timothy 1 25
 Flax 1 00
 FlSH—Duty on foreign caught; 20 pc ad sal
 Whitefishbbl 7 00
 Codfish cart 3 90
 SUNDRIES—
 Sah, p bhl 1 25
 Apple*, tp bush .00
 Do. dried 4ft 75
 Egg*, tp do* ..10
 Beans, p Bush 75 1 00
 Hay, y ton 10 00
 Haiti wood
 Soft Wood
JOB PRINTING.
 THE NORTH STAR OFFICE, i* furnished
 with new Job Type, for the execution of every
 description of Printing with neatness and despatch,
 at the lowest prices for cash, viz:
 Hand-bills, Blanks, Bill-heads,
 Programmes, Circulars, Bills of Lading,
 Pamphlets, Cards, Labels, Ac.
Narrative of the life of Freder
 ick DOUGLASS, written by himself, to ba
 had at this office, price 30 cents.
Open to the Public, from 9, A.M. to 8 P.M.
 The anti-slavery office and read
 ing ROOM, No. 25, Buffalo Street. Tins
 Room is neatly furnished, and the tables filled with
 some of the best Anti-Slavery, Temperance, Reli
 gious, Political and Literary Papers.
WAI r J. LFWIS, Land Surveyor, Keene, Essex
 County, N. Y. Owners of Land in the Coun
 ties of Essex, Franklin, or Hamilton, can have their
 Lands Surveyed on reasonable terms.
Cash Grocery and Provision Store.
 No. 133, Main street, corner of North street.
 JUST received a full assortment of new choice
 Groceries:
 15 hhds. sugar of various qualities
 16 bbls Stuar’ts crushed and coffee sugar
 8 hhds Molasses
 Stuart's syrup, a beautiful article for table use
 16 chests imperial Old Hyaou and Young Hyson,
 and Black Teas of superior quality.
 I have as choice a lot ot Teas as can be found in
 the city: pure fragrant Old myarimr -fresh
 selected Young Hyson, and extra black. Eoeru
 pound sold will be warranted.
 Rice, Raisins, Finit, Spices, and a variety of
 miscellaneous articles, too numerous to iraition.
 Pork, Lard, and Hams,
 Codfish, Mackerel, Ac. Ac.
 My price* shall be a* low as at anv establishment
 in the city, a* I purchase at the lowest rates in the
 Eastern market, and sell for cash. Farmers, citv
 families, and dealers are invited to call, examine
 and purchase, if they can make their purchases mu
 tually advantageous, as I ti ust they can.
 G. B. STEBBINS.
 Rochester, Du*c. 1, 1848. 3m49
Free Labor Groceries.
 IHAVE just received, and shall keep constantly
 on band, a good assortment of
 Brown and White Sugars,
 Molasses, Rice, and Coffee,
 All the products of Free Labor. Those in want of
 such goods are invited to purchase, and can be as
 sured of the genuineness of the articles.
 G. B. STEBBINS,
 133, Main, corner of North street.
 Rochester, Dec. 1,1848. 3m49
pHARLES JONFS, North Star House, No. 36,
 North Street, between Fifth and Sixth, and
 Market and Arch streets, Philadelphia.
 Strangers visiting the city will find the North
 Star House the most central, convenient and com
 fortable House in Philadelphia.
 Philadelphia, Dec. 1,1848. 3m49
New Watch ai4 Jewelry Store.
 JOHN KEDZIE having changed his partnership
 relations, has removed his Shop two doors
 North to No. 11, State Street, where he is prepared
 successfully to compete in the sale of an entire new
 I Stock of 'Goods, eonsistidfe of Gold and Silver
 English, Anchor, Horizontal and Vertical Watches,
 Gold Guard and Fob Chains, Gold Seals and Keys,
 Gold and Silver Pencils, Spectacles and Thimbles,
 Gold Ear-Rings, Bracelets, and Finger-Rings—a
 good assortment, cheap; a variety of Ladies’and
 Gentlemen’s Breast-Pins, new style; double and
 single Hunting gold and plated Lockets, Gold Pens,
 best quality, Silver and Shell Combs and Cases,
 Fine Cutlery, ke. Iw.
 The above awl a variety of other desirable Goods
 usually Kept m our busim-m, are offered on more ad
 vantageous terms than usual; and it is particularly
 desired that the goods should be examined, and
 prices ascertained, before purchasing elsewhere in
 this market.
 We insnnfsctnre and keep on hand a good assort
 ment of Silver Spoons, warranted as pure ns Apm
 hean coin.
 Will also keep an assortment of A reunions awl
 other Musical Instruments, which will he sold verv
 low.
 We intend to knap a good isssrtsmwt of the best
 Brass Eijhfeday, 36 bsur, and alarum Clocks, as caa
 be found in this city.—Cafl and see them.
 WATCH REPAIRING, fcitMhUy done and war
 ranted by an experienced warkmna.
 Farther particulars at No. II Sums Street.
 J. KEDZIE k Co.
 P. S.—To dm Farmers in particular we would j
 give notice, that we have a variety af Barometers
 which wifi give that knowledge of tar changes of the
 weather, so asto haaUe to adapt his bnuuens to its
 ass ought to have one.
 Sep. 15,1M8. Cm.
▲l/BUB* mmd ROC BETTER
 iAIIoIOAD
 f\N and alter Monday, ttd October the three Pam
 v eager Trains wiH arranged as hlnei
 Emwtik.—To leave at 4 a. a., 1
 i.r.,ml«|r.«.
 WxiT«Aho—To latt Aahnra at 14 a.a.,
 a.a.,aad 4| r.a.
 No Tram leaves Enriester Eastward oa Baade
 at 11 a. a. or at 7| r.a.
 No Tram leaves Auburn Westward on Sunday, a
 4| a.a., nor aa Monday at 14 a.a.
 On and after the Ist Novewdber, the fine bet wen
 Rochester and Aabnra wik ha ft S» m first dan
 Tickets vnMafoahsaahlnmiHi^ih^lwMe
 T 4 r. a., at w fared ha"p*2L«hed faecal
 tar.
 WM. WILSY.-, im.l.ii
 ■Or-qster sat In Win eT~
|&gt;OOKS. fa-. Per Pair tfa »,™V
 DOrnct Alubiio Rooa, IW. 25 Buffalo
 SC, Second Story os—«*e the Artwdr
 Nanativv rf
 Portrait «t
 S** U—iiuimi-diti of Rbrm.
 lofa of I ihsity.
 Bbt«y ifamnd hy its fat «u Worn—
 AAo arjeh vsfatv of Fancy »*d mefoi on*-Ire
 bjrtlt Ufa'Aafifawnfaim.
DR. A. CLARK.
 DENTAL BURGEON.
 Iwudd —peetfuO; the rit—a* of RorWswv
 —to—dtu* twktrv, that hu*e removed an
 «faf— Bfa- Smith’s trrsb to mv ihrcftmg
 hi—c No. 92Mnoroe Street.
 Ihaakfid foe paat kt«n iu the liau of my p(fas.
 sioa.aad Oattenng arise If that I can dive perfect
 satisfaction to all whn mar fcroc with their pa
 frnaagu. I woalrf invite Ml thaaa who are de
 sin— ofhaviag operation* performed the teeth or
 of fay tag tee* inserted to rail on aw and ml isfe
 A. CLARK.
 N. B. All operatM— performed by on the
 teeth and Plate Work warranted.
 Rochester, Ot. 13,1848. if.
new rnir Ficnn,
 TIE subscriber takes this method to inform the
 ritiaen* of Roche— and vicinity, that he has
 just established a Pump Factory, at number 224,
 Main street, where he will be happy to wait upon all
 who may fovor him with their patronage.
 Having had cuosiderablc experience in his line ot
 business, he pledges h—aalf to famish as good an
 article, ami of as good material, as can be (irocured
 at any other similar establishment in this city. His
 Pumps are furnished with either wood or lend pipe,
 as may suit customer*. He also to-order,
 every description of Aquetlnet Logs, or Lead Pipe.
 The subscriber will taka pleasure in directing such
 of his caftaam as am*require the information, to
 competent workmen, who will attend to all rails for
 digging, drilling, or blasting wells, promptly, and at
 reasonable rates. AH kinds of Pumps repaired to
 order.
 00“ The above work will be furnished at the I
 luwrest prices, for cash. Persons will do well to
 give him a call before purchasing elsewhere.
 J. R. FELT.
 Rochester, July 14,1848. 1y29
 New add Second-Hand nothing,
 At 48, Exchange Street, Rochester.
 LLOYD SCOTT would most respectfully inform
 his friends and the Public generally, that he has
 constantly on hand an excellent assortment of New
 ami Second Hand Clothing, such as Coats, Paula- j
 loons, Vests, Ac., with which he will supply
 Customers at the most reasonable Prices.
 L. 8. desires also to inform the Public, that he
 attends to repairing and renovating, which he war
 rants to be done at the cheapest rate, and in the
 best and neatest possible manner. His long experi
 ence in the business warrants him in assuring all
 who may patronize him, that his work shall lie done
 to their entire satisfaction.
 Rod tester, July 14,1848.
TRUNKS! TRUNKS!
 THE first quality of article is to fa hail at LAING
 ABONNELL’S new Establishment, No. 59,
 State Street, Rochester. Also a general assort
 ment of Valises, Travelling Bags, Ac., which arc
 offered at the very lowest prices for Cash.
 Carriage Trimming executed in the latest style
 and with dirpatch, by J. T. Laing, at his old stand
 in State Street, opposite the Mansion House.
 J. T. L, having had extensive experience in the
 Eastern markets, hopes to give satisfaction to a
 generous |Miblic who shall favor him with their pa
 tronage.
 Rochester, July 14, 1848. 3m
POST AND WILLIS, Dealers in Drugs, Medi
 cines, Chemicals, Dye Stuffs, Paints, Varnish,
 Oil*, Glassware, Brushes, Perfumrry, Ifaguerreotype
 Stock, French -and German Chemicals, Artists’
 Colors, Brushes ami Canvass, Ktfarial Oil, Gold
 Leaf and Foil, Ac. Ac.
 Being Agents for most of the celebrated Family
 ami vaToablc Patent Medicines, and receiving the
 same directly Irom llie Manufacturers or their Agents,
 they arc enabled to supply all order* at wlnlesale
 amt retail, on the most tavoruble term*.
 Hoimr&lt;i|KUhic Books, Medicines, amt Family
 Cases, with full directions. Only agents for West
 ern New York.
 Also, Sherwood’s Vibratory Magnetic Machines,
 with direction*.
 Phosgene Gas; also Etherial Oil and litmus, for
 Wrmng the same. Tliose who would consult eco
 nomy and convenience are invited to examine these
 Lamps. The attention ot’ Country Merchants, Phy
 sicians, Families, ami others, wishing goods in the
 above line, is requested at tlie APOTHECARIES’
 HALL, 4, Exchange Street.
Fll! AM) SII.K DATS.
 FARRINGTON PRICE, manufacturer and
 dealer in Fur and Silk Hats, Cloth ami Fur
 Caps, Ladies’ Furs and Trimmings, Buffalo Robes
 and an assortment of Hat Cases, Umbrellas, &amp;c.,
 &amp;c. Ac., No. 2, St. Papl Street, Minerva Block.
 £3“ A usnah supply of Buckskin Gloves and
 Mitteps.
ROCHESTER SHOE AND LEATHER
 JOBBING HOUSE.
 THE subscribers at No. 22 State street, take plea
 sure in announcing to the public that they have
 completed arrangements by which they are enabled
 to offer the most satisfartoiy inducement* to all en
 gager] in the sale or manufacture of Boot* and Shoes,
 to come to this market for a supply.
 They are also offering on the most favorable terms,
 a large stock of Sole and Upper leather, Kip, Calf,
 and Morocco Skins, with a full assortment of Find
 ing, including Lasts, Pegs, Ac. Dealers will find it
 greatly to their interest to examine our stock before
 purchasing elsewhere.
 jylO SAGE Sc PANCOST. j
PRINTING PAPR AGENCY.
 WE are Agents for the Buffalo Paper Mills,
 where Paper-of the best quality is nude from
 pure spring water, very white and smooth. A sup
 ply of News ami Book Paper kept constantly lor
 sale by us, at Mill prices, in large or small lots.
 Any size and quality of Paper not on hand, fur
 nished at short notice.
 Printers and odiers will do well to call and exam
 ine the quality and price, at No.'fl Exchange «t.
 FISHER k Co.
 jy2l Booksellers and Publishers.
BOSTON ADVERTISEMENTS.
HEW BOOKS.
 FOR HALE at the Ami-Slavery Depository. 21
 ComhiS—namely,
 The Liberty Beil for 1848. A few copies remain.
 Life of William W. Brown, 2d Edition, with addi
 tiooal matter and new engravings. Price, bound,
 374 cts ;in pafter covers, 25 cts.
 i Mr. Hbackfeed’s Appeal in regard 10 the War with
 Mexico, 124 cts.
 Position and Duties of (be North, with regard to
 Slavery. By Andrew P. Peabody. 5 cts.
 f Six Months at firaefeaberg. By Henry C. Wright.
 fIAO.
 Dick Crowuingsbkld, the assassin, and Zachary
 Taylor, the Hoidier; the Difference between
 them. By Henry C. Wright. 3 ru. single; 25
 cts. per dozen.
 CLARKSON,
 LONDON EDITION—WITH PORTRAIT.
 A FEW eopw. of CLARKSON’H HISTORY
 OF THE ABOLITION OF THE SLAVE
 TRADE, with prefatory remark* on the sMaaqueat
 abohtnm of Slavery; a haaaeifai Leahs edition,
 i with a fine Portrait of the Anchor, down oa iterl. n
 book which could not he imported for Was dma three
 dofcrs, cm. he Imd at *l, CsrnhHl. if appfad for
 immedmteW.at the v«r law pric* of Oa Don.*a.
 ensh. Abo, El LOGICII ON CLARKSON, In
 ALEXANDER CatMMKL!., at the redared price of
 twelve and a half mats. 4
 Macon b. allen, imw
 at Law. Marnerheiuin Block
 BOYS' CLOTHINgT
 AML EL M ILHON, 14, Braille Street, faring
 ETofaafaad ia
 NEW KNGLAND HAND
 CLOTHING STORE,
HOME FOR REFORMER*.
 THE safarriber fas removed to that a—, coa*e
 -1 ftieat, aud ce—atfanrdiug h amt. So. 2| Oatral
 Court, where fa wtt bet*** fappyto welcome —re
 of the Friend* of Reform, at t—amble cfargre.—
 He wtshrs his bnnre to hr the Central fare hi Bos
 om, where the friend*ofTimpwrouu .Pence,Parity,
 Freedom, the Priwsff. Ac..—y meat together,mms
 eafoy a o nifuitahfo aad qfaatho—.
 Ceatrai Court opens at 238 Wafawglaa tareet.
 JOHN M SPEAR.
 Boston. Aag. 21. 1848.
 THOMAS P. SMITH, No. 38, Brattle Street.
 1 sign of the Golden fall. New aad Beenmi
 haad t lotting Store.
Tfcp Mtvtic bi9HH Hjlwlf»»
 /COMMENCED an the font af Dereafar/1817.
 V *■■**—«d on the Ist of March. Jt—, aad
 •nd September. It will he devoted to the iairiest
 BM c fa». bm it* cuadartor* will —dea
 prr M "V s »»d fair 4e4d for the notice
 -dthrc—.ma -Mar. pemfom. m Pfah—phv.
 ‘SITo Literature, Reitgio., nmdUammato.
 fa «mdactrd by R. W Emer
 son. Theodore Parker, aad J. Elliot Cabot, assisted
 by several other geatlrarea.
 Each ouinber will contain about 125 nacre, at the
 pnee of 93 a year, in advance.
 Communications, sabarriptwre. Ac. faakt be
 addressed to the PuMuhers,
 OOOIIDGE A WILEY.
 12, Walrr Street, Boston
 UOBERT MORRIS. J«.. Attornev wri Co—
 At sellor at Ij»w, Braier’s Buikfinc.&gt;»tate Street,
 Boeton.
 JOHN D. RE\ A LEON, Hair Safout,
 and Perfumery Empurium, 114, Blnckstooe-st.
NEW YORK ADVERTISEMENTS.
JUST PUBLISHED, uml for sale at the office of
 of the Anti Slavery Standard—
 The Legion of liberty, and Force of Truth, 10th
 edition.
 This work contains about 239 page* of rinse
 reading; 300 eminent authorities, and about sixty
 illustrative engravings. Price 371 rts. in muslin,
 ami 25 cents iu paper covers. A vety liberal dis
 count to tliose who |mrebase a number of copies.
 The Condition. Influence, Rights, and Appeal of
 Women,from various authors, 12| cents,
 l-etler to tlte People of the United States, touching
 the Matter of Slavery. By Theodore Parker.—
 pp. 120. Price 18$ cents.
 Win. W. Brown’s Lecture before the Female A S.
 Society of Salem, Mass. Reported by ll.* M.
 Parkhiirst, Boston.—pp. 22. Price 5 ceuts.
TiriULIAM 8. POWELL, Sailor’* Home, 61,
 v V Cherry Street.
 DR. J. M’CUNE .4.MITH, 93, We*t Broail
 way.
 r P JINNINGS, Surgeou-Deatist, 186, North
 A Broadway.
 JOSEPH C. HOLLY, Boot ami Shoe Maker.
 No. 97, Cranbery Street, Brooklyn.
 N.R. Repairing neatly executed at the shortest
 notice and mi the most reasonable term*.
 PHILIP A. WHITE, Druggist, comer of Frank
 fort ami Gold Street.
 GENTEEL BOARDING HOUSE.
 CHARLES HIGHGATE, would respectfully in
 form his friends ami the public, that he continues
 to devote every attention to those pleased to favor
 his home” with a call. The house is pleasantly
 located at 632 Bmudwav, Albany-
 Feb. 18, 1848.
TiriLLIAM RICH, Hair Dressing and Bathing
 VV Saloon, Troy House, Troy, New York.
 NEW PUBLICATIONS.
 YITILL BE READY IN A FEW DAYS,
 VV Walker’s Appeal, with a brief sketrhof
 his life by Henry Highland Garnet.
 Also, Garret’s Addrem to the Slave* of the Uni
 ted States. This address wa» rejected by the Na
 tional Convention at Buffalo in 1843. The edition
 is small, ami tlioee who desire copies will do well to
 semi in their orders early.
 JUST PUBLISHED, a Lecture entitVd The
 Past and Prksert Condition op the Color
 ed Race, by Henry Highland Garnet:
 Published at Troy, N Y. Orders attended to.
 April 28. Sui.
General Intelligence Office.
 GEO. W. GOINES haviog opened an Establish
 ment at the Philadelphia Institute,
 Lomhurd Street, above Seventh, for the purpose of
 procuring honest and faithful domestics for those
 who may require them, and obtaining places for
 such a* are qualified and in want thereof, begs leave
 to refer to the following named gentlemen, who have
 kindly permitted the use of their names as
 references:
 Andrew M’.Makii; Editor of the American Courier
 Rob* •rt Morris, Editor of the Inquirer
 Jasper Harding, Publisher of the Inquirer
 Ctiarles J. Peterson, Editor of Neal’s Gazette
 Time. B. Florence, Editor of Times and Keystone
 Robert Howell, 88, Chesnut Street
 Hilliam J, Mullen, 278, Catherine Street.
 Philadelphia, Sept. 1, 1848. i v 30.
DR. D. J. PECK, Physician ami Surgeon, Phi
 ladelphia Institute, Lombard Street, aliove
 Seventh. ly—JW
FREE PRODUCE STORE.
 NEW GOODS just revived. General reduction
 in price*.
 Fine 4-4 Prints, various styles.
 New styles ot Prints of medium quality, nsnal width.
 Fn»e ami wide Paper Muslin*. Also Colmed
 Cambric*.
 Curtain Calico. Superior fine Chintz Umbrella*.
 Oil Cloth*.
 Satinet#, good and cheap. Also on hand, mostly at
 reduced prices, Gingham*, various qualities ami
 styles.
 Fine ami heavy Shirting, Sheetings, ami Pillow
 in*.
 Striped Cambric*. Fine 6-4 Plaid Muslin.
 Muslin de Laine, plain ami neatly figured, all wool
 Linens, warranted free from cotton.
 F lanoels 4-4 good and price low. Canton flannels,
 white ami colored.
 Table Diaper and Cloths, of different style*.
 Apron and Fun.iiure Cheek. Cotton Handkerchief..
 Cotton 1 willed Pantaloon Stuff*. Also Low..
 Drilling, tu
 Long and half How, fine ami heavy.
 Knitting Cotton, various No*., bleached, brown, ami
 colored.
 Wadding, white and colored Cotton I*ps. AWo.
 Refine&lt;l IW, Crualied, aad Pulverised Sugar.
 Brown Sugar, good quality, of various grade*.
 r b ,r D f k Free Uhor Good.,
 to which the Subscriber would invite the atteMion
 of c.Huury merchants, as well as his friends aad the
 public generally.
 Much |«m* M taken by the Managers of the Free
 Produce Associate*), to assist the Huburribor to en
 large the assortment from line In lime.
 GEORGE TAYLOR.
 Northwest corner Fifth nod CWnao
 Philadelphia 2d mo. Ist, 1818. Vf
Free Later
 MANUFACTURED by the Ameriou, Free Pro-
 nk
 CM.,
 T”.-,
 (rjr'jA'r*-;a m...
 J L this Muslia for lining*, brown aad colored
 Bird Eye Towels; black aad white Waddum-
 Wi L«p Widt; Bed Ticking/a?TL
 £!Xr* rtld Cmbc Ujekw 1 Omm,
 Order* for Goode, m letters desiring
 ■g- be nddreaeetl to J. Miller

 twl-si*T«ry aoce,
 So. 31, Sortk Ftfik Street, FStimdtifhem.
 A FULL eaeortweat of rati dna uhljm
 is kept eoustaatiy cm hand. Abo a ta*d«*e
 vanoty of misralhuiwaw publkaupa*, aad
 Ud Fsary HtatWry.
 All teeter* rehuiair to the bamaia* of
 to bo directed to J. MiMcv MeKifc, tl wSI
 FiftlMaraet, Phikdelpkia.
 THE DELAWARE ABOLITIONjfn
 A PAPER af A* abovo uaam w**,
 Wihaiagtoa, by tha DekwZw £2S*' m
 Haeiety. It wiU ha edited by a
 ba powiiht il oa a half atdim J"
 eaato per year, orfcr tuemj *H»ilM6|,
 vocaw it* hd
 fofdad. or a* often M
