THE NORTH STAR.
 ROCHESTER, DECEMBER S, 1*47.
OCR PAPER A*D ITS PROSPECTS.
 W lire now about to assume the manage*
 moot of the editorial department of a newspa
 per, devoted to the cauto of Liberty, Human
 ity and Progress. The portion u one which,
 with the purest nrtivon, we have long desired
 to occupy. It ha* long been our anxious wish
 to see, in this slave-holding, slave-trading, and
 negro-hating land, a printing-press and paper,
 permanently established, under the complete
 control and direction of the immediate victims
 of slavery and oppression.
 Animated by this intense desire, we have
 pursued our object, till on the threshold of Ob
 taining it. Our press and printing miteriils
 are bought, and paid for. Our oifico se
 cured, ami is well situated, in the centre of
 business, in this enterprising city. Our office
 Agent,’ an industrious and aniablc young
 man, thoroughly devoted to the interests of
 humanity, has already entered upon his duties.
 Printers well rocoromanded have offered their
 services, and aro ready to work as soon as we
 arc prepared for the regular publication of our
 papor. Kind friends are rallying round us.
 with words and deeds of encouragement.
 Subscribers an steadily, if not rapidly coming
 in, and warm of the best minds in tho country
 aro generously offering to lend us the power
 ful aid of thoir pens. The sincere wish of our
 heart, so long and so devoutly cherished .seems
 now upon the ere of complete realization.
 It is scarcely noc ssary for us to say that
 our desire to occupy our present position at
 the head of an Anti-Slavery Journal, has re
 sulted from no unworthy distrust or ungrateful
 want of appreciation of the zeal, integrity,
 or ability of thu noble band of white laborers,
 in this department of our causo but, from a
 sincere and settled conviction that such a Jour
 nal, if conducted with only moderate skill
 and ability, would do a most important and
 indispensable work, which it would be wholly
 impossible for our white friends to do for us.
 It is neither a reflection on the fidelity, nor a
 disparageiueut of the ability of our friends and
 fellow-laborers, to assert what common sense
 affirms and only folly denies,’* that the man
 who has suffered thr wrong in the man to de
 mand redress, —that the min struck is the
 man to cry out— and that he who has endurta
 Jlv. cruel pangs of Slacrrtj is the man to adco*
 tat* Liberty. It is evident we must be out
 own representatives and advocates, not exclu
 sively, but peculiarly— not distinct from, buf
 in connection with our white friends. In the
 grand struggle for liberty and equality now
 waging, it is n ee*, right and essential that
 there should arise in our ranks authors and
 editors, as well as orators, for it Is in these
 capacities that the most permanent good can
 be rendered to our cause.
 Hitherto tho immediate victims of slavery
 and prejudice, owing to various causes, have
 had little share in this department of effort:
 they have frequently undertaken, and almost
 as frequently failed. This latter fact has often
 been urged by our friends against our engag
 ing in the present enterprise but, so far from
 convincing us of the impolicy of our course,
 it serves to confirm us in the necessity, if not
 the wisdom of our undertaking. That others
 have failed, is a reason for our earnestly en
 deavoring to succeed. Our race must be vin
 dicated from the embarrassing imputations re
 sulting from former non-success. We be
 lieve that what ought to be done, can be done.
 c say this, in no sell-confident or boastful
 spirit, but with a full sense of our weakness
 and unworthiness, relying upon the Most
 High for wisdom and strength to support us
 in our righteous undertaking. Wo are noi
 wholly unaware of the duties, hardships
 and responsibilities of our position. \V«
 have easily imagined some, and friend:
 have not hesitated to inform us of others
 Many* doubtless are yet to be revealed by tha
 infallible teacher, experience. A view o
 them solemnize, but do not nppaj us. Wt
 have counted the cost. Our mind is made up
 and \vc aro resolved to go forward.
 In aspiring to our present position, the ait
 of circumstances has been so strikingly appa
 rent as to almost stamp our humble aspiration:
 with the solemn sanctions of a Divine Provi
 dencc. Nine years ago, as most of our read
 ers are aware, we were held as a slave
 shrouded in the midnight ignorance of tha
 internal system—sunken in the depths of ser
 Mhty and degradation—registered with foui
 looted boasts and creeping things—regarded
 as property —compelled to toil without wage*
 —witli a heart swollen with bitter anguish—
 and a spirit crushed and broken. By a singu
 lar combination of circumstances we finally
 succeeded in escaping from the grasp of the
 man who claimed us as his property, and suc
 ceeded in safely reaching New Bedford, Mass.
 In this town we worked three years as a daily
 laborer on the wharves. Six years ago we
 became a Lecturer on Slavery. Under the ap
 prehension of being re-taken into bondage, two
 years ago we embarked for England. During
 our stay in that country,kind friends,anxious fo*r
 our safety, ransomed us from slavery, by the
 payment ol a large sum. The same friends, as
 unexpectedly as generously, placed in our
 hands the necessary means of purchasing a
 printing press and printing material*. Finding
 ourself now in a favorable position for aiming
 an important blow at slavery and prejudice,
 we feel urged on in our enterprise by a sense
 oi duty to God and man, firmly believing that
 our effort will be orowned with entire
 SUOOCSM.
TO Ot R OPPRESSED COt’NTRVMEN
 Wo solemnly dedicate the North Stvr”
 to th&lt;* cause of our long oppressed and plun
 dered follow countrymen. May God hies* Um
 offering to your good! It shaU fearlessly as
 *ert our nghu, faithfully proclaim vour
 w rong*, and earnestly demand tor you msuuu
 mid even-handed justice. Giving- no quarter
 to slavery at the South, it wall hold ~o truce
 v.nh oppressors at the North. While it shall
 boldly advocate emancipation for our enslaved
 brethren, it will omit no opportunity to gain
 for the nominally free, complete enfranchise
 ment. Every effort to injure or degrade you
 or your cause—originating wheresoever, or
 wtlb whomsoever—shall find mit a eomtm*.
 unswerving and inflexible (be.
 We sl.aU energetically assail the rampart*
 of Slavery and Prejudice, be they romped
 of eliorcll or State, ar,J *eek the destruction
 of «v.»r/ r vf.igo of lies, urtd r whirl, tyranny
 mar aun to conceal and protect itself.
 A rnong the multitude of plan* promoted and 1
opinions held, with reference to our cause and
 condition, we dull try to have a Bund of our
 own, harmonizing with all as fer as we can,
 and differing from any and all where we must,
 but always discnmiaating between men and
 measures. We shall cordially approve every
 measure and effort calculated to adranoe your
 sacred cause, and streouousljr oppose any
 which in our opinion may tend to retard its
 program. In regard to our position, on ques
 tions that hare unhappily divided the friends
 of freedom in this country, we shall stand in
 our paper where we have ever stood on the
 platform. Our views written shall accord
 with our views spoken, earnestly
 peace with all men, when it can be secured
 without injuring the integrity of our move
 ment, and never shrinking from conflict or di
 vision summoned to vindicate truth and
 justice.
 While our paper shall be mainly Anti-Sla
 very, its columns shall be freely opened to
 the candid and decorous discussion of all
 measures and topics of a moral and humane
 character, which may serve to enlighten, im
 prove. and elevate mankind. Temperance,
 Pea«*c, Capital Punishment, Education, —all
 subjects claiming the attention of the public
 mind may be freely and fully discussed here-
 While advocating your rights, the Nortr
 Star will strive to throw light on your duties
 while it w ill not fail to make known your vir
 tues, it will not shun to discover your faults,
 To be faithful to our foes it most be faithful
 to ourselves, in all things.
 Remember that we are one, that our cause
 is'one, and that we must help each other, il
 we would succeed. We have drank to the
 dregs the bitter cup of slavery; we have
 worn the heavy yoke; we have sighed be
 neath our bonds, and writhed beneath the
 bloody lash —cruel mementoes of our one
 ness arc indelliblv marked in our living flesh.
 We are one with you under the ban of preju
 dice and proscription—one with you under the
 slander of inferiority—one with you in social
 and political disfranchisement. What yoi
 suffer, we suffer; what you endure, we endure
 We arc indissolubly united, and must fall 01
 flourish together.
 We feel deeply the solemn rexponsibilit\
 which we have now assumed. We have se
 riously considered the importance of the enter
 prise, and hare now entered upon it with ful
 purpose of heart. We have nothing to offci
 in the way of literary' ability to induce you t&lt;
 encourage us in our laudable undertaking
 You will not expect or require this at oui
 hands. The most that you can reasonably
 expect, or that wc can safely promise, is,
 paper of which yon need not be ashamed
 Twenty-one years of severe Isnidage at tin
 South, and nine years of active life at tin
 North, while it has afforded us the best pos
 sible opportunity for storing our mind wit!
 much practical and important information, has
 left us little time for literary' pursuits or at
 tainments. We have yet to receive the ad
 vantage of the first day’s schooling. In
 point of education, birth and rank, we are ont
 with yourselves, and or yourselves. Whai
 we are, we are not only without help, bin
 against trying opposition. Your knowledgi
 of our history for the last seven years make:
 it unnecessary for us to say more on this point
 What wc have been in your cause, we shal
 continue to be and not being too old to learn
 we may improve in many ways. Patienci
 and Perseverance shall be our motto.
 W e shall he the advocates of learning, fron
 the very' want of it, and Ahall most readih
 yield the deference due to men of cducatioi
 among us; but shall always bear in mind ti
 accord most merit to those wdio have laborei
 hardest, and overcome most, in the praisewor
 thy pursuit of knowledge, remembering tha
 the whole need not a physician, but they tha
 are sick,” and that “the strong ought L
 bear the infirmities of the weak.”
 Brethren, the first uumlier of the paper i
 p before you. It is dedicated to your cause
 Through the kindness of our friends in Eng
 land, we arc m possession of an excellen
 printing press, types, and ail other material
 necessary for printing a papvr. Shall tin
 gift be blest to our good, or shall it result ii
 our injury It is for you to say. With you
 aid, co operation and assistance, our enterprise
 will be entirely successful. We pledge our
 selves that no effort on our part shall be want
 ing, and that no subscriber shall lose his sub
 script ion—“ The North St\u Shall Live.*
 LETTER TO HENRY CLAY.
 Sir .--I have just received and read youi
 Speech, delivered at the Mass Meeting in Lex
 ington, Kentucky, 13th November 1847, am
 alter a careful and candid perusal of it, I air
 impressed with the desire to say a few worth
 to you on one or two subjects which form a
 considerable part of that speech. You will,
 am sure, pardon the liberty I take in thus pub
 liely addressing you, when you arc acquaints
 with the fact, that I am one of those cnfor
 Tt'NATE victims” whose case you seem to com
 miscratc, and have experienced the cruel wrongs
 of Slavery in my own person. It is with n&lt;
 ill will, or bitterness of spirit that I address
 you. My position under this government, evst
 in the State of N. Y., is that of a disfranchisa
 man. I can have, therefore, no political end
 to serve, nor party antipathy to gratify. Mi
 intents” are not wicked but truly charitable
 I approach you simply in the character of on&lt;
 of the unhappy millions enduring the evils o
 Slavery, in this otherwise highly favored am
 glorious land.
 In the extraordinary speech before me, aftei
 dwelling at length upon the evils, disgrace
 and dangers of the present unjust, mean, and
 iniquitous war waged by the United States up,
 on Mexico, you disavow for yourself ami thr
 meeting, in the most positive manner,” any
 wish to acquire any foreign territory whatevn
 for the purpose of introducing slavery into it.
 As one of the oppressed, 1 give you the full
 expression of sincere gratitude for this decla
 ration, and it,., pledge which it implies, and
 earnestly hope that you My
 lour \ow unsultied by compromises, (which,
 pardon me,) have ion often marred and defect*!
 the beauty ami consistency of your haw
 declarations and pledges or. former occasion
 It is not, however, any pnrt of my prose*
 tention to reproach you invidiously or nrrcrrlv
 for the past. Unfortunately for the race, vm,
 do not stand alone in respect to deviation*
 from a strict line of rectitude. Poor, erring
 and depraved humanity, has surrounded you
 with a thrsqg of guilty associates, it would
 uot, therefore, be magnanimous in tue to re
 proacb you for tho past, above all otheas.
 Forgetting the things tlu» are behind. I
simply propose to speak to tm of what you
 are at this ties of the errors sad erfr of
 year present, as I think, wicked position, and
 to point out to yea the path of repentance,
 which if pursend, mast lead too to the poe
 session of peace and happiness, sad make you
 a Messing to your country sad the world.
 In the speech under consideration, you any,
 My eataio— oa ike rntjert of rfnerr are well
 kwn; Orj hare the wcrii, if it be oae, of rn—ii
 teacy, snitfnrisety and loaf dmtm."
 j&lt;■ The fast sentence is probably true. Your
 opinions on slavery may be well known, but
 that they hare the merit of consistency or
 :of uniformity, I cannot so readily admit. Il
 the speech before me be s fair declaration of
 your present opinions, I think I can convince
 you that even this speech abounds with incon
 sistencies such as materially to affect the con
 solation yon seem to draw from this sourer.
 Indeed if you are uniform at all, you are only
 so in your inconsistencies.
 You confess that
 Slavery i* a great e»il, and a wrong to st« vie
 tin», and jroc would rejoice if not a siucV elarr
 breathed the air *:thia the limit* of our country.”
 These are noble st/niments, and would seem
 .to flow from a heart overborne with a sense
 J of the flagrant injustice, and enormous cruelty
 of slavery, and of one earnestly and anx
 iously longing for a remedy. Standing a
 lone, it would seem that the author had long
 been in search of some means to redress the
 wrongs of the unfortnnaV victims'’ of whom
 he speaks—that his righteous soul was deeply
 grieved, every hour, on account of the foul
 b.ot inflicted by this curse on his country
 character.
 But what are the facts? You arc yoursell
 a Slaveholder at this moment, and your worth
 on this point had scarcely reached the outei
 circle of the vast multitude by which you
 were surrounded, before you poured forth one
 of the most helplesfe, illogical, and cowardly
 j apologies for this same wrong, and great
 crir' which I ever remember to have read
 i Is this consistency, and uniformity if so, the
 oppressed may well pray the Most High that
 j you may be soon delivered from it.
 Speaking of the unfortunate victims” o:
 this “great evil,” and “wrong,” you hole
 j this most singular and cowardly excuse foi
 perpetuating the wrongs of my unfortunate’
 race.
 Bui here they are to be dealt ulth as well as «ri
 ran, with a due consideration of all circumstances aj
 I feeling the security and happiness of both races.”
 What do you mean by the security, safety
 'and happiness of both races? do you meai
 that the happiness of the slave is augments
 by his being a slave, and if so, why call hin
 j a unfortunate victim.” Canit be that this ii
 mere cant, by which to seduce the North int&lt;
 your support, on the ground of your sympathy
 for the slave. I cannot believe you capable
 of such infatuation. Ido not wish to bclievt
 that you arc capable of either the low cun
 ning, or the vanity which your language or
 this subject would seem to imply, but will se
 j it down to an uncontrollable conviction of the
 innate wickedness of slavery, which forces itsel
 out, and defies even your vast powers of con
 eealment.
 But further, you assert,
 Every State luw the supreme, uncontrolU
 exclusive power to decide for itsr-lf whether slaver
 shall cease or continue within its limits, without am
 exterior intervention from any quarter.”
 Here I understand you to assert the mos
 profligate and infernal doctrine, that any Stati
 j in this I nion has a right to plunder, scourgi
 j an d enslave any part of the human family
 within its borders, just so long as it deems i
 tor its interest so to do, and that no one o
 ,K &gt;dy of persons beyond the limits of said stati
 i has a right to interfere by word or deed agains
 it. Is it possible that you hold this monstrous
 *tnd blood-chilling doctrine It so, what con
 fidence can any enlightened lover of liberty
 place in your pretended opposition to Slavery
 i 1 know your answer to all this, but it only
 I plunges you into lower depths of infamy that
 the horrible doctrines avowed above. You g&lt;
 on to say:
 11
 In States where the Slarrs outnumber the whites
 a ,s die rase in several [which I believe are onh
 two out ot fifteen] the blacks conkl not be einanei
 [Kited without becoming the governing power in thes,
 1 states.
 i Tills miserable bug-bear is quite a con
 festoon of the mental and physical equality
 o, the races. \ou pretend that you are
 I Republican. ou loudly boast of your Dem
 ocratic principles why then do you object t&lt;
 the application of your principles in this case
 Is the democratic principle good in one case
 and bad in another? Would it be worse fort
 Mack majority to govern a white minority that
 it now is for the latter to govern the former
 But you conjure up an array of frightful ob
 jections in answer to this.
 j “CnUuians and conflicts between the tte&gt; races wmLI
 inevitable and after shocking scenes of rapme and cur
 the ertincti m or aputsiam of the blacks i ould ctr
 tainJy take jdace.”
 How do you know that any such result!
 would be inevitable Where, ou the page 01
 j history, do you find anything to warrant ever
 j such a conjecture You will probably potni
 j me to the Revolution in St. Domingo, the old
 and thread-bare falsehood under which demo
 cratic tyrants have sought a refuge for the lasi
 fort T years. But the facts in that direction
 1 116 against you. It has been dearly proven
 that that revolution was not the result of eman
 cipation, but of a cruel attempt to rc-enslavc
 an already emancipated people. lam not a
 ware that you have a single fact to support
 j your truly terrible assertion, while on the oth
 l er hand I have many all going to show what
 I is equally taught by the voice of reason and
 of God, THAT IT IS ALWAYS Strß TO DO
 right.” The promise of God is, that thy
 light shall break forth as the morning, and thy
 health shall spring forth- speedily, and thy
 righteousness shall go before thee, the glory
 of the Lord shall be thy reward then shall
 j thou call and the Lord shall answer; thou
 shall cry and he will say, Here I am.”
 j The history of the world is in conformity
 with the words of inspired wisdom.
 for instance, at the history of Emancipation in
 the British West Indies. There the kM«
 were, and still are, an overwhelming majority.
 Have there been any shocking scenes of re*
 pine mid carnage extinction or expulsion
 You know there have not. Why then do you
 make use of this unfounded and irrational con
 jecture to frighten your fellow-countrymen
 from the righteous performance of a so pie
 of justice to mdiioea no m groaning in al
 »o&lt;* hopeless bondage.
 II now gin your argument in support of the
 morality of your position.
 fo adapting the inpmice j
kiiHi ahraf* asfc, practicable or pnariHa n the
 gram Movements of Stats* tfrpsUfesfsimsfastHMw,
 to rraiil) at repair the iaflirteaa rf pravrais wpeoce.
 it by oar
 but to tieplure iu perpetration, mmd to tapinu aa
 the *mh akratm, io it* nukatr. a* a baa rvil
 dan die frrjhtfsl toaanpnw which aught enaoa
 trees the rata riiotor to repair k. Sfcrtay atm
 The eaaea which yon pot in support of the
 foregoing propositions, are only wanting in
 one thing, and that is analogy. The plunder
 ing of the Indians of their territory, is a crime
 to which no honest mas cm look with My de
 gree of satmfoction. It was t wrong, to the
 Indiana then Imag, aad how muchaocrer we
 might seek to repair that wrong, the victims
 are far beyond any benefit of it; but with re
 ference to the slave, the wroag to be repaired
 is a present one, tho slave holder is the every
 day robber of the slave, of his birthright to
 liberty, property, and the pursuit of happiness
 —his right to be free is unquestionable—the
 wrong to enslave him is sclfjtf ident—the duty
 to emancipate him is imperative. Are you
 aware to what your argu.imt on this point
 leads do you not plainly *cc that the greatest
 crimes that ever curs'd eir common earth,
 j may take shelter under y*ur reasoning, and
 1 may claim perpetuity on die ground of their
 antiquity
 Sir, I must pass over yflur allusions to that
 almost defunct and infernal scheme which you
 term unmixed benevolence” for expelling
 not th" slave but the /ns? colored propie from
 these United States, as well as vour charge
 against the Abolitionists.

 “Itis phthnthrnptr and con valin* rr/leiti-n that
 the moral and physical rmHethn of the African in the
 l fitted States in a state of slavery is far better than it
 WjoLI have been hod their mvesiors Hj been brought
 from their native land."
 I crut scarce repress the flame of rising in
 dignation, as I read this cold blooded and cruel
 sentence there is so much of Satan dressed in
 the livery of Ilcaven, as well as taking conso
 lation from crime, that I scarcely know how
 to reply to it. Let me ask you what has
 bean the cause of the present unsettled con
 dition of Africa Why has she not reached
 forth her hand unto God! Why have not her
 fields been made Missionary grounds, as well
 as the Fecjee Islands Because of this very
 desolating traffic from which you seem to draw
 consolation. For three hundred years Chris
 -1 tian nations, among whom we are foremost,
 have looked to Africa only as a place for the
 j gratification of their lust and love of power,
 j and evcr means hare been adopted to stay
 j the onward march of civilisation in that unhap
 j pv land.
 our declaration on this point, places you]
 consolation with that of the wolf in devouring
 the lamb. You next perpetrate what I con
 ceiie to be the most revolting blasplieiny
 i You say
 r wl d hlnU the decree of the Great Ruler o
 the U,averse, that their descendant.'• shell be made in
 I struments m his hands in the establishment of civdiza
 and the Christian rrUri-m throughout Africa—ou
 i egrets on account of the original wrong unit be grtatli
 mitigated
 ■i Here, Sir, you would charge home upoi
 God the responsibility of your own crimes, an&lt;
 v mild seek a solace from the pangs of a guil
 ty conscience by sacriligiously assuming tha
 i in robbing Africa of her children, you acted ii
 ot,L (he,M great purposes, and were hu
 j fulfilling the decrees of the Most High God
 but as if fearing that this refuge of lies migh
 fad, you strive to shuffle off the responsibilit'
 ot&gt; this g evil” on Great Britain. May
 not ask if you were fulfilling the great purpo
 sss of God in the share you took in this traffic
 and can draw consolation from that allegei
 fact, is it honest to make England a smne
 above yourselves, and deny her all the miti
 gating circumstances which you apply t&lt;
 yourselves?
 j You »y ‘hat Gnat. Detain inflicted th
 eal upon you.'' If this be true, it is equal!'
 true that she inflicted the same evil upon her
 s -It but she has had the justice and the mag
 nanimity to repent and brins forth fruits ttiee
 ,j for repentance. You copied her Ixid example
 wh y not avail yourself of her good one also
 j Now, Sir, I have done with vour Speech
 j though much more might be said upon it.
 hare a tew words to say to you personally.
 I wish to remind you that you are not onlj
 iin the autumn but in the very winter o
 Seventy-one years have passed ove:
 1 your stately brow. You must soon leave thii
 world, and appear before God, to render uj
 an account of your stewardship. For fifti
 years of your life you have been a slaveholder
 I You have robbed the laborer who has reapei
 j down your fields, of his rightful reward. Y'oi
 j are at this moment the robber of nearly fifri
 human beings, of their liberty, compelling
 them to live in ignorance. Let me ask if yoi
 think that God will hold you guiltless in th&lt;
 i great day of account, if you die with th(
 blood of these fifty slaves clinging to your gar
 j meats. I know that you have made a profes
 sion of religion, and have been baptized, am
 am aware that you are in good and regula:
 standing in the church, but I have the autho
 rity of God for saying that you will stand rc
 jected at his bar, unless you put away th&lt;
 evil of your doings from before his eyes—
 cease to do evil, and learn to do well—seel
 judgment, relieve the oppressed—and pleat
 for the widow.” You must break everj
 yoke, and let the oppressed go free,” or takt
 your place in tbe ranks of “evil doers.” anti
 i to reap the reward of corruption.”
 At this late day m your life, I tUmk h
 would be unkind for me lo charge you with
 any ambitious desires to become the President
 of the United States. I may be mistaken m
 this, but it seems that you cannot indulge eithej
 the wish or expectation. Bear with me, then,
 while, I give you a few words offmther counsel,
 as a private individual, and excuse the plain
 ness of one win has i elt the wrongs of Sla
 very, and fathomed the depths of its iniquity.
 Emancipate your ow n slaves. Leave them
 not to be held or sold by others. Leave them
 free as the Father of htseountry left his, aad let
 your down to posterity, as h» m*
 down to us, a slaveholder, to be sure, but a
 repentant one. Make the noble rewire, that
 •o for as y«o are personally concerned,
 "Asteaicx shall «e Fere.”
 In taking you to do this, I ask nothing
 which in any degree conflicts with your
 argument against general emancipariuti. The
 dangers w hich you conjecture of the latter
 caiMK he apprehended of the former. Your
 own slaves are too few in number to make
 them formidable or dangerous. la this matter
 you are without excuse. I leave yon to your
 Monww, and your God,
 Aad suborribe myself,
 Faithfully, vour*,
 FREDERICK DOUGLASS.
NORTH STAR.
 Of tfl the stars is this 44 brave ok), crvar
 haagisd Af/’ dsNotn Stasis our choice.
 To tfcwwands now five in the British do
 minioas it has been the Stas or Facsoon.
 To millions, now in oar boasted land of liberty,
 H is the Sta» or Hort. Dark clouds may
 eooceal, but cannot destroy it. Tempests may
 ,omB *h« «ea—earthquakes convulse- the globe
 •"d siorm-bohs shake the sky—it stands as
 firm as Heaven. Within its meek ami tvrink
 ling rays, are Faith, Hope and Freedom—
 cherishing the one, indulging the oth ;r, and
 endeavoring to gain the last for our Uavery
 ■nutten countrymen.
 We have ventured to call our humble
 by our favorite Star. We have been
 requested to change h, but as yet see no good
 reason f» doing so. The Morning Star was
 suggested the Evening Star has been named,
 but the one is too early, and the other too
 late. The Midnight Star is our election. We
 are over-shadowed by gloomy clouds, and on
 a dark and perilous sea. We need the Polar
 Light to guide us into port.
 SPECIMEN NUMBER.
 W k send this number of our paper to a
 great number of persons at a distance, as a
 Specimen number, some of whom have
 ord d it, and have not. Those wish
 ing to continue the paper will forward two
 dollars, otherwise it will not be sent again.
 Our next issue, No. 2, will he on the first
 .Friday in January, and regularly every Friday
 of each week thereafter.
 Geneva Choir. —We were among the thou
 sands at the Canandaigua Celebration, who
 enjoyed the pleasure of listening to the spint
 stirring songs of the Geneva Choir. A recol
 lection of the glorious effect produced by their
 excellent minstrelsy, leads us to extend to
 them a cordial invitation to be present at the
 Anti-Slaavery Fair to be held in this city on
 the 17th and 18th of the present month. Wc
 can ensure them a hospitable welcome, and an
 ample field in which to exert their vocal pow
 ers in behalf of Universal Liberty.
 JUT’ We have before us, through the kind
 ness of Mr. Harned, of the American and
 Foreign Anti-Slavery Office, New York, the
 able and clal»oratc Report of the British and
 Foreign Anti-Slavery Society. The Report
 is well stored with important facts, and indi
 cates great vigilance and application on the
 part of the Committee and Agents of that
 Society.
 Rev. Charles Van Loon, Pastor of a
 I resbyterian Church, in Poughkeepsie, diou
 at that place on Sunday evening last, aged
 28 years. He was one of the noblest men we
 ever knew—eloquent, able, pious, and devoted
 heart and soul to the good ot his fellow men.
 The Temperance Cause had no more effective
 advocate, and he had just returned from a lec
 turing tour in Ohio and the broad West, where
 he had done a great work for Humanity. As
 a friend of the down-trodden African* Race,
 he had been eminent and untiring; and in
 every good work, (so far as it seemed such
 to him) he labored earnestly and ungrudging
 ly. He was buried on Wednesday from his
 father s in Albany.—Ought such a man te
 pass away without a memoir Tribune,
 The arinounccment above has overshadowed
 our spirit with a cloud of melancholy. We
 were personally acquainted with Charles Van
 l Loon. We became so on this very Western
 I tour, and never was our heart more warmly
 attached to any man, on so short an aequain
 taiuce. He was not as is above stated, Pastor
 of a Presbyterian, but a Baptist Church, in
 Poughkeepsie. He was one of the noble few
 j wh dared to separate from the Triennial Con
 vention, and to join the cause of Free Mis
 j B,ons that He might not stain soul by fellow
 l shipping with men-stealers.
 A SISTER RESCUED FROM SLAVERY.
 I There ha j»st left our office, an amiable,
 kind, and intelligent looking young woman,
 about eighteen years of age, on her way from
 slavery. A rehearsal of h"r sad story thrilled
 us with emotions w hich w e lack words to ex
 i press. On her right arm between her wrist
 U,,J elbow', the initials of the name of her in
 j fornal master, is cut in large capitals. Oh!
 the wretch!
 ID 3 Read anti attend to the notice of the
 estern New ork Anti-Slavery Society.
 Let the Meeting be a general rally of the
 anti-slavery friends throughout Western New
 j York.
 Now', w hile Slavery is gathering her tens
 of thousands, to fight a base and fiend-like
 j war; while the treasure of the professed
 freemen of the north is pouring out by mil
 lions, to give vigor to the bloody struggle;
 while the voice is going forth from pulpit and
 I press, that our country, right or wrong,
 must bo supportedwhile the press is teem
 ing with praises of the leaders of Slavery's
 legions, who are now pursuing a career of
 robbery and wrong in Mexico; while the
 Mexican can truly say,—
 Hearken up tlie Rio Bravo comes the negro
 ratrhrrV nhout;
 Listen *tii U»c I wtw’i hammer forging human
 fetn-r* oat;
 it is indt -d a time when the fnenda of free
 dom should come together, filled with zeal
 for the holy cause, and raise a voice of warn
 ing and rebuke.
 The corrupt political parties are shaking
 and trembling before the anti-slavery agita
 tion the time-serving church, with not
 enough of inherent virtue to be first pure ami
 then peaceable, is vainly seeking for peace
 which it can never gain in its false and mi
 serable position. It we will but persevere to
 the end, victory is ours. Let us then gather
 by thousands, not to build up a political party
 or nominate candidates for political office, but
 to stir up each other's minds to remembrance
 I l ,e captive,— to listen to the voices of the
 true-hearted, and to arm ourselves anew from
 Heaven's own armory with the weapons of
 1 ruth and Love.—*.
 "SAiuELBROOKs!
 This! indefatigable fnend of humanity has,
 in consequence of the impaired state of his
 Health, resigned his office of General Agent
 for the American Antislsrery Society in the
 cat. The labors of this friend daring the
 pa** summer have been of the most arduous
 ***d wearing nature—enough we should think f
 to shatter a stronger constitution than his.
 He win cany into (what we hope will be a
 transient) retirary, the gratitude of all those
 who know how to appreciate pure and disin
 terested labors, and his re-appearance in the
 field will he looked for with anxious soli
 tude.
TO CORSES PON DENTS.
 H. UfXou, MBinrlwrwi. lli« k tier ram
 ■afeb to h mmi. Far its list ti *ul*rribrr* %n&gt;i
 oaarsjpaf Ik tril pfaut accept oar jrairAi
 Z. W. Mof Fljuiih, MuatknHM. W(
 with wadi aatis&amp;trtmn, (k rscripl a
 brr cumraaniratiun, with its kmf array of patron*
 ud cal MOMfaflinNt, which naked a tufiMi
 &lt;irn»u(»traiM&gt;a. Her eftm in brhult of the .\irti
 Stw ore pairhiljr appreciated.
 R. F. W., Boa tun, of .Notcmlw I7tii, rwitw
 and credited.
 D. J.,of ('ohimhor, Ohio, is informed, that ran
 engagement* will not allow os to be present at tin
 antic ips&amp;otl oiTtittin to be IkU m Cohanhar. Th
 other matters arc attended to.
 8. D., of Salem, Ohio. We thank him for hi*
 letters and list of Sofcscrilrer*.
 aixl 1). shall ittu.r the per-ccntagc sutri^sted
 11. E. S., of Lodi, Ohio. Thanks for j» or word*
 of cheer, m hunllj expresoed. We shall be gkul t&gt;
 bear truui the same cou.ce often.
 M. A. T., Xew Brighton, Pennsrlrumi. A h*nt
 list of Subscribers and won!* of (iod-rpoc-.i from Uu.'
 u akiw friend. Thank*—thsiuks.
 M. If., of Alhnny. .New York. Oar acknow
 ledgments fiw the good work there commenced.
 FREE PAPERS.
 W c give to out readers the evidence of «»ui
 right to b»- free in this democratic ami Christ
 ian country —not so much however to estab
 lish our right to ourself as to expose the cold
 blooded Methodist ntan- stealer, wlyj claimed us
 as his property, and the hypocritical nation that
 has sanctioned his infamous claim. \Ye shali
 send him a copy of this paper.
 Know all men by these Presents,
 That I, Thomas Auld, of Talbot Coun
 ty, and State of Maryland, for and in
 consideration ot the sum of one hundred
 dollars, current money to me paid by
 Hugh Auld of the city of Baltimore, ni
 the said state, at and before the sealing
 aud the delivery of these presents, the
 receipt whereof, I, the saiJ Thomas
 Auld, do hereby acknowledge, have
 granted, bargained, and sold, arid by
 these presents do grant, bargain, ant
 sell unto the said Hugh Auld, his exec
 utors, administrators, and assigns, o.vi
 negro man, by the name of Frederic*
 Baily, or Douglass, as he calls him
 self—he is now about twenty-eight year:
 ot age—to have aud to hold the said ne
 gro man for life. And I, the said Tho
 mas Auld for my sc It’ my heirs, execu
 tors, and administrators, all and singu
 lar, the said Frederick Baily, alien
 Douglass, unto the said Hugh Auld
 j his executors, administrators, and as
 signs, against me, the said Thomas Auld
 my executors, and administrators, am
 against all and every other person 01
 persons whatsoever, shall and will war
 j rant gud forever defend by these pres
 ents. In witness whereof, 1 set im
 hand and seal, this thirteenth day o
 November, eighteen hundred and‘forty
 six. THOMAS AULD.
 Signed, sealed, and delivered in pre
 sence of Wrightson Jones,
 John C. Leas.”
 The authenticit y of this Bill of Sah
 is attested by N. Harrington, a Justin
 of the Peace of the State of Maryland
 j and for the county ofTalbot, dated same
 day as above.
 1
 To all whom it may concern: Be il
 known, that I, Hugh Auld, of the city
 of Baltimore, in Baltimore county, iii
 the State ot IVlaryland, for divers ,r ooi
 causes and considerations, me thercuntc
 moving, have released from slavery, lib
 crated, manumitted, and set free, anr
 by these presents do hereby release
 from slavery, liberate, manumit, and sel
 free, my negro man, named Frederick
 Baily, otherwise called Douglass, be
 ing of the age of twenty-eight years, oi
 thereabouts, and able to work and guir
 a sufficient livelihood and muintainunce
 and him the said negro man, narnci
 Frederick Baii.y, otherwise callet
 Frederick Douglass, I do declare ti
 be henceforth free, manumitted, and dis
 charged from all manner of servitude tf
 i me, my executors, and administrators
 forever.
 In witness whereof, I the said Hugh
 Auld, have hereunto set my hand and
 seal, the iiffh of Decomber, in the year
 one thousand eight hundred and forty.
 HUGH AULD.
 Sealed and delivered in presence ol
 T. Hanson Belt,
 James N. S. T. Wright
 j The attestation of this Deed of Man
 umission is signed by T. Hanson Belt,
 a Justice ol the Peace of the State ol
 Maryland, in and fi&gt;r the city of Balti
 more, dated on the day and year afore
 said.
 .Vo/e.—Sometime previous to the date
 of his legal freedom, it appears that
 1 lederick Douglass had been transler
 red, as a little token of fraternal affec
 tion, from one brother to the other. But
 before Hugh Auld could lawfully exe
 cute a deed for F. D.’s manumission,
 it became necessary that he should show
 how he had obtained him. Hence the
 Bill ot Sale,” already quoted.
 As the phrase for divers good cau
 ses aud considerations, me thereunto
 moving,” may appear to gome a little
 mysterious, the following is annexed by
 way of explanation:
 “Baltimore, December, 12. IS4O
 Received frorn 0 f
 by the hands of
 sum of seven hundred and eleven’ dol
 lars and ninety-six cents, in full of the
 consideration of a certain Deed of Man
 umission of a negro man known by the
 name of Frederick Baily, otherwise
 Got glass, formerly my slave for life,
 bearuig date on the fifth of December,
 eighteen hundred and forty-six.
 _ HUGH AULD.
 Paper.
 From lk l.ilaturor.
 CURIOSITIES OF VOTING.
 The following letter and the annexed
 ticket explain themselves. The author
 is one of our most valuable friends in
 that quarter. In a private note accom
 panying the conirnumcurion, he informs
 us that this movement was the result of
 Friend Foster’s teaching, when here
 last winter. He says that 1m ntu-lkre*
 of these voles were polled, although
 quite a number stayed at home Of
 tbu number waa our correapomfot.—
 W e qu.le agree with him, that while w«
 l e ■“fcy ul*©apend
 m« Anti-slavery tuue and ~rr Ug ,h i„
 In. T 'T’ c n rebuke thom;
 that do, with a rebuke bestowed on oth
 er voter* under a pro-slavery Conatitu*
 *‘&lt;dd however to the jfaith
 that the circumstance that the party vo
 ted for will not accept the oflees, under
oath to rapport the Constitution, if elec
 ted, does not alter the character of the
 act of voting. Voting is a constitutional
 act as much as holding office. It exists
 only through the Constitution, and we
 can perceive no essential difference be
 tween the one act and the other.
THE LETTER.
 Upton, AW. 10, 1847.
 Friend Qrtxcv:
 I take the liberty to forward you a
 political curiosity—thrown up upon tho
 sarface of that *ea, whose water* loam
 and rage with surlj violence every sec
 j ond Monday in November. Although
 nothing but drift-wood, it vet deserve*
 to be gathered up, and preserved as one
 iot thnw specimen* of htsns nvffragii,
 calculated to rival any /w* xm nalurar
 which ha* yet happened in the physical
 j world. To those who have had an op
 j portunity to examine it carefully, it i*
 an object of wonder and apprehension.
 It is thought to have some of the char
 acteristics of the torpedo, with this
 difference, that its electrical influence
 is felt only by the former. What p»r
 -i ticular elements in their mental or phy
 sical conformation, are the basis of mu h
 a phenomenon, a deeper philosophy than
 mine must determine. 1 hope von will
 favor yonr readers with a view of if, in
 order that they may analyze its .struc
 ture, so that each one may be persua
 ded in his own mind, what manner of
 I thing it is. C.
 TKF. Tf( kf.t:
 For Governor—W. L. Garrison.
 For Lieut. Governor Franc is Ja&lt; k
 son.
 For Senators— Adin Ballot, of Mil-,
 ford.
 John M. Fisk, of Brookfield.
 Stephen S. Foster, of Worcester.
 Effingham S. Cacron, of Uxbridge.
 J. T. Everett, of Princeton.
 Deslioug, the 31 a thematic inn.
 I
 The following letter from this famous
 cypherer bus been sent to the pa
 pers:
 Perhaps you have noticed in some of
 the New V ork papers, n statement con
 cerning the remarkable powers of a
 mathematician” in that city, who adds,
 subtracts, multiplies, divides, and per
 forms all other mathematical operations
 with a rapidity that seems almost mirac
 ulous. As lam that person, I will en
 deavor to give you a correct statement
 of the facts;
 FiY.it, let a column of figures, fiOOOin
 length, and 10 or '2O in breadth, be set
 before me, and in less than five seconds
 of time, I w ill give the sum total, always
 commencing on the left hand side to
 place the answers down. It matters not
 what length the column is, or what
 breadth, 1 will give the sumtotal as fast
 as the figures can he written down.
 Second, let a sum be written in tnul
 j tiplication, with 1000 figures in the mul
 tiplier, and as many in the multiplicand,
 and I will commence on the left hand,
 and write the product underneath, and
 j in one line, as last as Use figures can be
 w ritten down.
 Third, let a sum be written in divi
 sion, with any large amount for a divi
 sor, and I commence writing down the
 remainder first, then the quotient. In
 terest at any per cent, can al so be per
 formed in the same maimer, without anv
 extra figure*. Fractions of every do
 nomination, can be summed up instant
 ly, without reducing them to a common
 denominator.
 i These rules can lie learned in one
 half hour, by any person having the
 printed instructions. Any person wish
 ing these rules, will enclose ten dollar*
 through the New York post-office.
 lease forward me one paper which
 contains this, and on the receipt there
 of, I will forward you a full set of these
 rules, gratis, by which you can Income
 as expert in figures, as I am.
 Four obedient servant,
 PETER M. DESHONG.
 j _ t Mathematician.
 i s Editors copying the above, amf
 forwarding to Mr. Deshong tho pup*r
 which contains it, will be furnished with
 a full set of rules.
AL IN TEL LICENCE.
 DEATH OF DAVID SCUVILLK.
 c publish lx- low the proceedings of a
 meeting on the death of David S&lt; ovill*:, K*q.
 held by the Trustees of the Savings IfcuiL at
 their hanking house in this city, oh Saturday
 rooming, tJie ult. William Pitkin Esq'.
 President of the Hoard took the chair, and
 f'Koiwt; H. liisoKKfoKD Esq. was appointed
 Secretary.
 Mr. Pitkin the President arose, and addres
 sed the Hoard in the feeling manner found in
 the proceedings. We fully condole in com
 mon with the? rest of our citizens, the loss of
 so excellent a man as Mr. Scovdle, as Wl
 team that in addition to other prominent vir
 tues, he was a known friend to the colored
 people,—Ju/s. North Slur.
 (aentleman: This special meeting oC
 the Hoard &lt;4 I rasters is occasioned by
 the sudden and lamented death of Da
 vid Scovjlle, Esq., the Secretary of
 this Institution. His death occured in
 this room yesterday about half past
 three o’clock P. M., after a brief illness
 of about three hours.
 By this afilictive dispensation of Pro.
 t vidence, the Rochester Savings Rank
 is deprived of a trustworthy nod vigilant
 officer, who has acted as its Secretary
 from its tii -t organization in the year
 IKH, and has discharged bis re»pon«i-
 Lle duties »»lh great fidelity, and in per
 fect confidence of all interested
 To us individually who have been
 long ami intimately associated with him
 m the management of the delicate and
 important interests connected w*h this
 institution and have likewise known
 him as an exemplary Christian and re
 spccted citizen; Ins sudden removal by
 £2tar ,Mt bu w lu d
 bereavement so distressing I* the
 widow and relations of the deceased de
 mands our sincere condolence and sym
 pathies, and at the same time solemnly
 admonishes us anew to prepare for own
 last change, that we too may pass from
 a Christian’s life through the gates of
 death to the Christian's immortality
 lunc Hill. K»q. then ofiern-d the fol
 lowing K wluiwn., aller prt f.ciß. i|„
 h “'"w »|&gt;propmt«
 ware adopted un.ni-
 Kttvlrrj, Thai in Um Midden end uu
 cipwtod deub of l)oid S&lt;o«Ul« I&gt;
