Poetry.
From the Ne w York Trfbnne.
 LABOR.
 ST OWt« 4.
 It was so line t tat and to na.
 Labor thy lot ab*H he,
 Aad with the sweat epoa thy brow,
 Thy hand ahall aoartsh thee
 AM who obey thi* high hehest
 Blessing* is it hare found;
 Ami health and wealth are gathered be-t
 By thorn w ho till the groom!.
 The Homan finer ir scarcely made.
 TiN toil derelop form;
 And health which is not w on by work
 Will hardly bide the norm.
 Or hind or brain, with plow or pe i,
 Alar do God’p will below;
 But sloth will wither hand and braia,
 And quench the opirit’a glow.
 Nny not, thou lordly eon of gold.
 No need for thee to toil;
 Si y not, there’* nought to do, except
 By serfe wed to the eoil:
 Are there not widowed heart* to cheer.
 That pine in cold neglect;
 And innocence to guide and guard.
 And orphans to protect?
 Are there not godlike intellect*
 Now crashed in star ish fear,
 Thy hand, dqr voice, thy pen could raise
 To state of angels hero!
 Are there not shackled limbs to free—
 Wild passions to reclaim
 Wild deserts and their wilde r men
 Than wildest beasts to lame;
 A jarring and discordant wn rid
 To harmonica and bind?
 Together firm with iron bands.
 Till all be one in mind?
 Are there not fiends in human aha;*.
 That from the throne of power
 Watch aye, lest widowed Liberty
 Reclaim her long lost dower?
 I
 is not the task yet to be done
 To baaish crime fiom earth,
 By guiding and directing right,
 Man from his very birth—
 To scatter A.t and Science wide.
 And thus prepare the way
 For that Millennium to come,
 When l*ove an I Truth shall sway.
 I* there not haggard, starving Want,
 That feed* itself w ith Crime,
 And dread miasm in foul abodes,
 That kills men ere thc-ir time;
 Are there not w rong* that every Jay
 The rich heap oil the poor;
 Who toil aud starve that hearties’, men
 May swell their golden store?
 Then sav not, there is nought to do—
 Labor—'tis Heaven** command,
 Each in his sphere, and soon'tliere were
 No sorrow in the land.
 Without that toil none can be great—
 Without it none is good,
 Or ever blameless and forgiven
 Before hi* Maker stood.
 TO-DAY AND TO-MORROW.
 Don’t tell me of to-morrow,
 Give me the inan who’ll say,
 That, when a good deed’s to be done,
 Let’s do the deed to-day!
 We may all command the present,
 If we act and never wait;
 Rut repentance is die phantom
 Of the past, that comes too late’
 Don’t tell me of to-morrow,
 There is much to do to-day,
 'I hat can never be accomplished,
 If wn throw tlie hours away;
 Every moment has its duty—
 Who the future can foretell?
 Then why put off to-morrow
 What to-day can do as well
 Don’t tell me of to-morrow;
 If we look upon the past,
 How much that we have left to do.
 We cannot do at last!
 To-day—it is the only time
 For all on this frail earth,
 It takes an*age to form a life,
 A moment gives it biith!
 STORMS ON LIFE’S OCF.AN.
 T T. A. GOULD.
 The child ’neath rosy skies of morning,
 Trims his vessel’s tiny sail;
 Hit joyous laugh, all peril acorning,
 Mingles with the rosing gale.
 He dreameth not of care or sadness;
 The world to him is fair and bright—
 High his l»o*oin swells with gladness:
 Flowers of pleasure bless his sight.
 Years have passed. And stern emotion
 Sits upon that changing brow
 There are storm* on life’s dark ocean,”
 He must learn that lesson now
 Years have passed. That hark i* driving
 Bravely on its swift career;
 The youth to manhood grown is striving
 With new dangers ever near.
 Firm his hand the helm is guiding:
 He is watchful; but his breast,
 Once so trustful and confiding,
 Now with care is deep opprest.
 Years have passed. And stern emotion
 Brood* upon his world-worn brow;
 ‘•There are storms on life’s dark ocean.*’
 He hath learned that lesson now.
 Years have passed. Behold that battered
 Lonely vessel floating past;
 The sails are torn, the spars are shattered
 By the lightning and the blast.
 la the broken bark reposing,
 Mark that old and feeble form;
 Hi* hu*y scenes at last are closing.
 Scene* of sunshine and of storm.
 Hi* eye* are raised in calm devotioi
 Faith now smooths hi* aged brow
 There are storms oci life's dark ot ean,’*
 Wldt he know* the lesson row.
 THE BLIND BOY.
 The day was bright aud beautiful—
 The boys to play hail gone—
 Save one who sat beside the floor,
 Dejected and alone;
 And as the tour of merry sport
 faintly to his ear,
 Ife sighed, and from his swelliu* lid
 He brushed the falling tear.
 Ilia little heart was rent with pain
 lie could wot join their play;
 He could not ran üboot the fields,
 And by the brook aide stray;
 He could not nee the setting sun.
 Nor watch the glowing skies,
 Ti*c heanty of the moon and star*
 Fell not upon bis ere*.
 These truths came fresh into his mind.
 While sitting thus apart;
 No wonder that the tear-drop foil,
 And heavy was bis heart.
 Ah! little did the youthful throng,
 Wbona hearts wore fall of joy,
 Reject upon the lonely stats
 Of the pear sightless boy
detections.
BREAD UPON THE WATERS.
 1» T. ASTBtTR
 A lad vu toiling up s hill, near tb«
 city, under the weight of a heavy baa*
 ket, on the afternoon of a sultry day in
 August. He had been sent home will
 "ome goods to a customer who lived a
 short distance la the country. The boy
 was lightlr built, and bis burden seemed
 almost beyond his strength. Many
 times had he sat down to rest himsell
 on his way up the hill. Bat it seemed
 as if he would never reach the summit.
 Bach time he lifted the basket, it feh
 heavier than before.
 The boy was about halfway up the
 hill with his basket, when a gentleman
 overtook and passed him. He had noi
 gone on many paces, when he stoppec
 and turning to the lad, looked at him i
 moment or two, and then said kindly—
 ‘That’s a heavv load you have. Come
 let me help you.'
 And the gentleman took the baske
 1 and carried it to the top of the hill.
 ‘There. Do you think you can ge
 along now? said he, with a smile, ai
 he sat the basket down; ‘or shall J car
 ry’ ita litt|e further r’
 ‘Oh no, thank you sir,’ returned th&lt;
 boy, with a glow of gratitude on hii
 fine young face. I can carry it now
 very well; and am very much obligee
 to you.’
 ‘You are right welcome, my little
 man, ’said the gentleman, and passec
 on.
 Twenty years from that time, a care
 worn man, well advanced in life, sal
 motionless in an old arm chair, wit!
 his eyes fixed intently upon the glow
 ing grate. He was alone, and ap*
 peared to be in a state of deep abstrac
 tion. In a little while, however, the
 door of the room opened, and the light
 form of a young and lovely girl glided
 in.
 ‘Papa,’ said a low sweet voice, and
 a hand was gently laid on the old man’s
 arm.
 ‘ls it you, dear?’ he returned with a
 sigh.
 ‘Yes, papa, and the young girl leaned
 against him, and parted with her deli
 cate fingers, the thin, grey locks that
 lay in disorder about his forehead.
 ‘I would like to be alone this evening
 Florence,’said the old man. ‘I have
 a good deal to think about, and expect
 a man on business.’
 And he kissed her tenderly, yet
 sighed as he pressed his lips to hers.
 The girl passed as noiselessly from
 the room as she entered. The old man
 had been calm before her coming in,
 but the moment she retired he became
 agitated, and arose aud walked the
 floor uneasily. He continued to pace
 to and fro, for nearly half an hour, when
 he stopped suddenly, and listened. The
 Btreetdoor bell had rung. In a little
 while a man entered the room.
 ‘Mr. Mason,’ he said, with a slight
 perceptible embarassment.
 ‘Mr. Page,’ returned the old man,
 with a feeble, quickly fading smile.
 ‘Good morning,’ and he offered his
 hand.
 The visitor grasped the old man’s
 hand and shook it warmly. But there
 was no pressure in return.
 ‘Sit down, Mr. Page.’
 The man took a chair, and Mr. Ma
 son sat down near him.
 ‘You promised an answer to my pro
 posal, to-night,’ said the former after a
 pause.
 ‘I did,’ returned the old man, ‘but 1
 am as little prepared to give it as 1
 was yesterday. In fact, I have not had
 an opportunity to say anything to Flor
 ence on the subject.’
 The countenance of the visitor fell,
 and something like a frown darkened
 upon his brow.
 There was an embarassing silence ol
 some minutes. After which the mac
 called Page, said—
 ‘Mr. Mason, I have made an honor
 able proposal for your daughter’s hand.
 For weeks you have evaded, and dc
 still evade an answer. This seems sc
 much like trifling, that I begin to feel
 as if just cause of offence existed.’
 ‘None is intended, I do assure you,
 replied Mr. Mason, with something de
 precating in his tone. —But you musl
 remember Mr. Page, that you have
 never sought to win the young girl’s
 affection, and that, as a consequence,
 the offer of marriage which you wish tc
 make to her, will be received with sur
 prise, and it may be disapproval. I wish
 to approach her on the subject, with
 proper discretion. _ To be too percipi
 tate may startle her into instant repug
 nance against your wishes.
 ‘She loves you does she not inquired
 Page, with a marked significance ol
 manner.
 ‘A child never loved a parent more
 tenderly,’ replied Mr. Mason.
 ‘Give her, then, an undisguised his
 tory of all your embarrassment. Show
 how your fortunes are trembling on the
 brink of ruin, and that you have but
 one hope of relief and safety left. The
 day she becomes my wife you are re
 lieved from danger.—Will you do this?
 The old man did not reply. He was
 lost iri a deep reverie. It is doubtful
 whether he had heard all that the man
 had said.
 ‘Will you do this?’ replied Page, and
 with some impatience in his tone.
 Mason aroused himself as from a
 dream, and answered wjth great Firm
 ness and dignity:—
 ‘Mr. Page, the struggle in my mind
 is over, I am prepared for the worst.
 I have no idea that Florence will favor
 your suit,and I will not use a stugle ar
 gument to influence her. In that matter
 sh&amp; must remain perfectly free. Ap
 proach her as a man, and win her if you
 have the power to do so. It is your
 only hope.’
 As if stung by a serpent, Page started
 from his chair.
 ‘You will repent this, sir, he angrily
 retorted, ‘and repent it bitterly. I came
 to you with honorable proposals for
 your daughter’s hand, you listened to
 them, gave me encouragement, and
 promised, me an answer to-night. Now
 you meet me with insult Sir, you will
 repent this.*
 Mr. Mason vsnturad no reply, bat
 merely bowed in token of his willing
 ness to meet and bear all consequences
 Jut might come.
 For a long time after this angry viat
 or had retired, did Mr. Mason crew
 ind re-cross the floor with measured
At last be rung the beU, am
 the servant who cane, to my
 to Florence be wished to see ber
 When Florence eano, she was sur
 pri«Nl to see ber fhthsr so strongly agr
 tsfed.
 ‘Sit down, dear,’ be said in a trem-
 Mng voice, ‘I hive something to tel
 you that most be no longer concealed.
 Florence looked wonderingly into bei
 father's face while her heart began U
 sink.
 Just then a servant opened the dooi
 and ushered in a stranger. He was i
 tall, fine looking young man iuut in the
 prime of life. Florence quickly retiree
 but net before the stranger fixed hii
 i eyes on her face and mailed its sweet
 expression.
 i 'Pardon the intrusion, sir/ be said,
 as soon as the young girl bad left the
 room, but facts that I have learned
 this evening have prompted me to call
 on you without a moment's delay. My
 name is Greer, of the firm of Greer,
 Miller Co.
 Mr. Mason bowed and said—
 i I know your bouse very well, and
 now remember to have met you more
 than once in business transactions.'
 Yes, you have bought one or two
 bills of goods of us, replied the visitor.
 Then after a moment’s pause, he said
 in a changed tone—
 j Mr. Mason, I learned to-night from
 a source which leaves me no room to
 doubt the truth of the statement, that
 your affairs have become seriously em
 barrassed that you are, in faot, on the
 very verge of bankruptcy. Tell me
 frankly whether this is indeed so? I
 ask from no idle curiosity, nor from a
 concealed and sinister motive, but to
 the end that I may prevent the threat
 ened disaster, if it ‘is in my power to
 do so.’
 Mr. Mason was dumb with surprise
 at so unexpected a declaration. He
 made two or three efforts to speak, but
 his lips uttered no sound.
 ‘Confide in me/ said the visitor.
 Trust me as you would your own bro
 ther, and lean on me, if your strength
 be indeed failing. Tell me, then, is it
 as I have raid?’
 ‘lt is/ was all that the merchant
 could utter.
 How much will save you Mention
 the sum, and if within the compass' of
 my ability to raise you shall have it to
 morrow. Will twenty thousand dollars
 felieve you from your present embar
 rassment
 Fully.’
 Then let your anxiety subside, Mr.
 Mason. That sum you shall have.
 To-morrow morning I will see you.
 Good evening.’ And the visitor arose
 and was gone before his bewildered
 auditor had sufficiently recovered his
 senses to know what to think or say.
 In the morning, true to his promise,
 Mr. Greer called upon Mr. Mason,
 and tendered him a check of ten thous
 and dollars with a note of hand for
 thirty days for ten thousand more,
 which was almost the same as money.
 While the check and note lay on the
 desk, and ere he had touched them, Mr.
 Mason looked earnestly at the man
 who had suddenly taken the character
 of a disinterested, self-sacrificed friend,
 and said—
 My dear sir, l cannot understand
 this. Are you not laboring under some
 error
 Oh, no. You once did me a ser
 vice that I am now only seeking to
 repay. It is my first opportunity, and
 I embrace it eagerly.’
 Did you a service When
 Twenty years ago/ replied the man,
 I was a poor boy, and you was a man
 of wealth. One hot day 1 was sent a
 long distance with a heavy basket.
 While toiling up a hill, with the hot sun
 upon me, and almost overcome with
 heat and fatigue you came along, and
 not only spoke to me kindly, but took
 my basket and carried it to the top of
 the hill. Ah, sir, you did not know
 how deeply that act of kindness sunk
 into my heart, and I longed for the op
 portunity to show you by some act of
 kindness, how grateful I felt.. But none
 came. Often afterwards I met you in
 the street, and looked into your face
 with pleasure. But you did not re
 member me. Ever since I have regard
 ed you with different feelings from those
 I entertained for others, and there has
 been no time that I would not have put
 myself out to serve you. Last night I
 heard of your embarrassment and im
 mediately called upon you. The rest
 you know.’
 Mr. Mason waS astonished at so
 strange a declaration,
 Do you remember the fact so which
 I refer ?—asked Mr. Greer.
 It had faded from my external meu
 ory entirely but your words have
 brought a dim recollection of the Fact.
 But it was a little matter and not entit
 led to the importance you have given
 it.’
 *To me it was not a little matter.'
 returned Mr. Greer. I was a weak
 boy, just sinking under a burthen that
 too heavv, when you put forth
 your hand and carried it for me. I
 could not forget it. And n«w let cue
 return, at the first opportunity, the
 favor, by carrying your burden for you,
 which has become too heavy, until the
 hill is ascended, and you are able to
 bear it onward again in your own
 strength.’
 Mr. Mason was deeply moved.
 Words failed him in his efforts to ex
 press his true feelings. The bread
 caat upon the water had returned to him
 after many days, and he gathered it
 with wonder and thankfulness.
 The merchant was saved from ruin.
 Nor was this all. The glimpse which
 Mr. Greer had received of the lovely
 daughter of Mr Mason, revealed a
 character of beauty that impressed him
 deeply, and he embraced the first op
 portunity to make ber acquaintance.
 A year afterwards he led her to the
 altar.
 A kind act is never toot, even though
 dons to a child.
 YOUftCHAIVGE.SIK.
 One of those nondescript -primm
 of humanity, called dandies, travailing
 through Connecticut a few days since,
 in his own nr borrowed conveyance,
 was brought up with a round turn”
 st a toll gats, which be designed to have
 which ho could not soeapo irithnw
forking om, M be inauired of® young
 tody who vu in attendance «t tto gnto,
 hew orach ho bad to psy before be
 could pos the formideble barrier.
 leree cents, sir, to the charge for
 toeb wagons,’ replied the young
 lady.
 Three cents to e threepence, the
 half of a sixpence one of the small
 est bits of silver in use, eh! young wo
 man—am I right?” said the dandy,
 feeflngta his pockets for his change.
 4 Three cents, sir, if yo* pfoese,
 said thedady.
 "In yoer office of high* ay non,
 young woman, yon will subtract the
 amount of your demand from this piece,
 and return me the balance aa con
 veniently quick as your ordinary loco
 motion will allow, said the dandy
 gentleman, at the same time purposely
 dropping a shilling piece into the RMid
 beneath his wagon. Ah! there it to
 in the mud, I declare. I would’nt dirty
 my fingers for twenty of them.
 The young lady took the shilling
 from the mud where he bad dropped it
 —went into the bouse, and returned
 with nine cents, which abe placed im
 mediately under the wheel, where she
 bad taken up the shilling.
 Hillo, hillo, young woman, what is
 it you mean,” said the dandy. Why
 don’t you put that coin into roy hand,
 ehr”
 The girl replied, “Sir, I found your
 money under the wagon there you
 will find your change,” and as she
 turned to go into the h&lt; use, she gave
 the fellow a most significant smile, and
 addad, 1 wouldn’t dirty my fingers for
 twenty ofthem! would you, Mr. Dandy
 sum; ha, ha, ha, —there’s your change,
 sir,” and she closed the door.
 The gentleman dismounted—picked
 “up his coppers,” and was off at frill
 speed, impatient to get out of sight and
 hearing. If he should ever happen to
 be in that country again, he will take
 care how he makes change with Yan
 kee girls.
 Insanity in Paris. —lt conld not
 have been expected that three revolts
 in Pafis, fighting in the streets, three
 hundred thousand men engaged,, and
 dreadful slaughter should have taken
 place, without creating wildness and in
 sanity among many classes to a great
 extent. As soon as the revolution broke
 out in February, the hospitals began
 to fill. Dr. Borsmont states that
 the first patients were generally sad,
 melancholy and desppndent. Their
 fancies were of a heart-rending descip
 tion, as they expressed a constant fear
 of being slaughtered aud assassinated.
 The patients of this class mostly be
 longed to the respectable trading part
 of the community; and many of them
 had by industry and perseverance suc
 ceeded in amassing some property.' In
 order to escape the misfortunes they
 dreaded, some of these patients tried
 to destroy themselves, and the most
 careful watching was necessary to pre
 vent them from doing so. Two starved
 themselves to death in spite of every
 precaution. A short time afterwards,
 another description of patients were
 received, whose derangement might be
 fully attributed to the working of the
 new political ideas. These were not
 dejected and sad; on the contrary, they
 had proud, gay, and enthusiastic
 and were very loquacious.
 constantly writing memorials, coastiyu
 tions, &amp;.C., proclaiming themselves
 great men, the deliverers of the coun
 try, and took the rank of generals and
 members of the government. The last
 revolution greatly increased the num
 ber of insane patients, who talked ol
 death, the guillotiue, ruinr, pillage and
 fire.
 Live for Something. —Thousands
 breathe, more and live—pass off the
 stage of life and are heard r «f no more.
 —Why They did not a particle of
 good in the world none were blest by
 them none could point to them as the
 instruments.of their redemption not a
 line they wrote—not a word they spoke
 could be recalled, and so they perished,
 their light went out in darkness, and
 they were not remembered more than
 the insect of yesterday. Will you thus
 live and die, O man immortal Live
 for something. Do good and leave be
 hind you a monument of virtue that
 the storms of time can never destroy.
 Write your name in kindness, love and
 mercy, on the hearts of ten thousands
 you come in contact with year by year,
 and you will never be forgotton. No,
 your name—your deeds—will be as
 legible on the hearts you leave behind,
 as the stars on the" brow of evening.
 Good deeds will shine as brightly on
 the earth as the stars in Heaven.
 A Fact. —The ready wit of a true
 born Irishman, however Humble, to
 exceeded only by his gallantry. A few
 days since, says an exchange paper,
 we observed a case in point. A sud
 den gust of wind took a parrsol from
 the hand of its owner, and before one
 had a chance to recollect whether it
 would be his etiquette to catch the par
 asol of a lady to whom he had never
 been introduced, a lively Emeraider
 dropped his hod of bricks, caught the
 parachute iu the midst of its Ellsler
 gyrations, and presented it to the loser,
 with a low bow, which reminded us of
 poor Power. Faith, madam,” said
 he aa be did sc, if you were as strong
 as you are handsome, it wouldn’t have
 got away from you.” 14 Which shall I
 thank you for first, the service or the
 compliment asked the lady smilingly.
 “Troth, madam,” said Pat, again
 touching the place where once stood the
 brim of what was a beaver, 44 that look
 of your beautiful eye thanked me for
 bojh. —Liverpool Mercury.
 Modern Degeneracy. —At Lord
 Eglinton’s tournament, scarcely one
 knight could squeeze himself into the
 compels of the middle apes. A curi
 ous experiment was made by the late
 Sir Samuel Meyrick, who possessed the
 finest collection of armor in the world.
 In his gallery hung sixty complete suits,
 once the toksavs anas of that heroic
 chivalry of whom wo mo supposed to
 bo the dwarfish and degenerate de
 scendants. Two of hto guests, Eng
 lishmen of average sis# tried on too
 whole sixty in succession, and encoun
 tered failure in each ease. Thesboui
 fors and chest of the effete moderns
 were found too brawny and breed for
 the panoply of their ancestors.—Lord
 Dalmrmf.
3ttwtti«mcn£o.
tefMiot to fanwn.
 |PE*B Patoat Wfcwl ChMyr awll Wun^Orts.
 teLMmPMHilmbMiakaiMlk* th W&gt;
 striker for Us nrart gnat la to
 nwaii ißiitowin rffuLtCwtirmu
 wiMMMtw gr—tM IB Mtkttf rwohaiomw
 d» wfcoig »jHerf —naif, by redf if (be nprn*
 n— f-** 1 or —see. Wbwa iqr bar* bat W»
 dared, they bare act tbs derided fprubarina o
 bam, u the following certificates from the intol
 tigaat aad practkai farmer* whore a mm* an
 CERTIFICATES.
 Thu mt certify that ana, tha Subscriber*. ban
 •era and aaad the Pateat Wheel Cultivator, invent*
 by Nathas Id*, of Shelby, Orlea— Go., New
 York, aad better* it to be, a labor-—ving at
 chine, oae af the greatest improv—eats of the age
 By it, a fanner can pot in from tea to fifteen acre
 more of wheat in a year, with the —an amount ol
 team labor; be raa also tow it in much better order
 By it alao Canpda thistles and other noxious weed)
 may be totally extirpated. Said atarhiae is oo con-
 ft eaa be refolatad to go any depth, by
 means m *rrews on the upper part of the machine
 aad thus either plow up the groond thoroughly, ot
 only jnst brush the surface. Upon the whole, w&lt;
 think it decidedly the brat machine ever invented fot
 pulvrrixing the ground and facilitating the labor al
 the Fanner, and aa curb we cheerfully recommend il
 to our limther fanner*.
 James H. Medley, James Ide
 Finos Newman, John Stereos,
 John C. Wheeler, Hartes Hedlev,
 (•nrdner Bern James P. Anderson,
 Shelby, Co., April 23, 1848.
 We, the undersigned, purchased one of Natbu
 Ide's Patent Cultivators last. Fall, and found ii
 answer the purpose so well, that we have this Spring
 made purchase of another. We can with this Plow
 prepare w ith two horses, eight acres of land per day
 for wheat, and it is much better done than by the
 old plows; and the land pepared hy this Cultivatoi
 will yiekl 5 bush, per acre more.
 ELI CHURCH.
 Riga, Jane, 1848. DENNIS CHURCH.
 After these testimonials, the Subscriber deems il
 unnecessary to enter into a long and elaborate des
 cription of’the implement, with its various modes ol
 operation. To be hilly appreciated, it must be seer
 ami used. No farmer who fully understands hit
 interest w ill be without one, as it is an invahubh
 implement.
 NATHAN IDE, Patentee.
 Shelby, Orleans Co., N. Y., July 1848.
 IDE’S Pateat Cultivator is manufactured by
 LEVI WELLS, Buffalo Street, near the Bull’s
 Head, Rochester, N. Y., where fanners are invited
 to call and examine for themselves.
OWEN MORRIS’ CITY BINDERY
 URDER THF MUSEUM— Iate FISHER MORRIS..
 MR. MORRIS was iu the employ of Mr. Marcus
 Morse for seven years, and during that time
 procured for him three Silver Medals, for the besl
 specimens of Book Binding, exhibited at the Me
 chanics’ Fairs held in this city and Buffalo.
 Gentlemen’s Libraries fitted tip and repaired
 Music Paper ruled; Music and Periodicals bonne
 and finished to any pattern. Blank Account Book:
 executed at this estaolislunent have given uneqnallet
 satisfaction, by their durability and elegance. Strict
 attention is always paid to the quality of paper used
 to rentier tliem etiual to tlic best in the United Statei
 or those imported.
 Ladies’ Scrap and Guard Books, Albums ant
 Portfolios, in aal their varieties, manufactured tc
 order in the best style.
 Banks, Institutions, Societies, &amp;c., may b&lt;
 assured of work being done on the most advantagcoiu
 terms.
 Gentlemen residiug at a distance, by packing am
 forwarding volumes to the above directions, statin;
 price and style, may rely upon their being well bourn
 on the most favorable terms, also carefully am
 punctually returned.
 N.B. The proprietor has spared no expense it
 fitting up the cstablislunent, and introducing int&lt;
 Western New York tlic latest improvements ir
 Book Binding.
 OWEN MORRIS,
 .City Bindery, under the Museum.
BRITISH PERIODICAL
 LITERATURE.
 SUBSCRIBE EARLY WHILE THE TERMS
 ARE LOW.
 REPUBMCATION OF
 The London Quarterly Review, The
 Edinburgh Revietc, The North Rrit
 mh Revietc, The Westminster Review,
 and Blackwood’s Edinburgh Maga
 zine.
 The above Periodicals are reprinted in New York,
 immediately on their arrival by the British steamers,
 in a beautiful clear type, on toe white paper, and
 are faithful copies of the originals, Blackwood’s
 Magazine, being an exact facsimile of the Edinburgh
 edition.
 Tbev embrace the views of the three great parties
 in England—Tory, Whig, and Radical. Black
 wood” and the London Quarterly” are Tory; the
 Edinburgh Review” Whig; ana the Westmin
 ster Review” Radical. The North British Re
 view” is more of a religious character, having Wi
 originally edited by Dr. Chalmers, and now, since
 his death, being conducted bv his son-in-law, Dr.
 Hanna, associated with Sir David Brewster. Its
 literary character is of the very highest order..
 prices for 1848, (ir subscribed for early.)
 For any one of the four Reviews, $3 00 per annum.
 For any two do 5 00
 For any three do 7 00
 For all foio- of the Reviews, 8 00
 For Blackwood’s Magazine, 3 00
 For Blackwood and the 3 Reviews, 900
 For Blackwood It the 4 Reviews, 10 00
 Payments to be made in all eases in advance.
 CLUBBING.
 Four copies of any or all the above works will b
 sent to one address on payment of the regular sub
 script ion for three—the fourth copy being gratis.
 EARLY COPIES.
 A late arrangement with the British publishers of
 Blackwood’s Magazine secures to us early sheets of
 that work, by which we shall be able to place the
 entire number in the hands of subscribers before any
 portion of it can be reprinted is any of the American
 Journals. For this and other advantages secured to
 our subscribers we pay so huge a consideration, that
 we may be compelled to raise the price of the Maga
 zine. Therefore we repeat subscribe early while
 the price is low.”
 Remittances and communications should be always
 addressed, post-paid or franked, to the publishers, i
 LEONARD SCOTT k CO.
 70 Fulton street, New York.
 THE GIRARD LIFE INSURANCE, AN
 INUITY AND TRUST COMPANY of Phila
 delphia. Chartered in 1836 Charter Perpetual;—
 Capital, 9300,000 —Benjamin W. Richards, Presi
 dent, Continues to make insurance on lives, grant
 annuities and endowments, and accept trusts from in
 dividuals, corporate bodies, and courts of justice,
 and execute them agreeably to the desire of tbejvtr
 tieo, aad receive deposits of money in trust or on
 interest.
 The Company add a bonus at stated periods to
 the insurance for life, aad on the 20th of Jaamuy
 h*l, an addition was mad to all the policies for Life,
 remaining ia force and issued prior u&gt; January Ist,
 1843, amounting to 10 per cent, on the sum insured
 in policies issued ia 1897; 7| per cent on policies
 iSMedia 1838, aad ia rateable proportions according
 to thetr respective dates.
 The chief object of aa insurance for life is to pro
 si money at the death of the party msur
 ad, for/he benefit or a widow, children, friends or
 irsdtost; aad it will he sees oa examfitatioa of the
 table of ntfas af the Ids insurance, which will be
 (■'•blind by the sabot i din to all who may fed an
 ia ths subject, that by paying a small sum to
 «?»y j«r during las life, a person may «e
 -®ere to his femiqi a very considerable amount at his
 decease.
 hluner the symem of Life lassraaee is properly
 issxtoaamlj adopted,aad its great;
 advantages tnal, but mesa especially to those who
 ““■•wtexertioasfer th* support of theh
 femuira, or who may bo desirious to secure the pay
 si money is their frieads, creditors or
 caudrea, at their deeaaao, which they atigbt be oth
 erwise unable to that ths operation of the
 «T*Mtaadshuttolmexpfejmud tocaama thoaeri
 la savuial iastaaoas it has haoceacd that the nartv
 ammedhas dmd -shortly after having paid only oas
 ■hmThis
 which he jmd jammed!**
 this important subject assy be
 'z'zzs'z,
 •I* Life lasmaacs Company.
 WILLIAM BAKEWELL,
 Trass ai |*i La# Ratldfegs,
 Grant straat, Piashmgh.
 WM H. TOff, Mmdhafe Ihihr.iNl
 —“"I
PHOSPECTtm
 Aaerkiß Jmiul.
 rowui, BOITOS.
 j/pq iWifß Hi perihet ummtnm aad ear mm, is
 1 the mom exalted of all work*. Ye«, to do thi* we
 mam aadtretaad dm Hmhi Coast Wati*. Ito
 Pin—Jot), Physiology Md Vital Magnetism ehs
 hmee, UDMMt expound a| the law* of our being,
 eaadkioae of kmiam, Md ummhmt Ike phikwe-
 Jihar’s mom ofluttfMi Traili.
 j PHRMOLOGT
 Each awasbrr will contain either the uiljtt* aad
 ioe^ m pkreaofafiml faculty, ilfestraSed by
 M Capital, or m artkal oa their rnrahiaatiods:
 aad aim the organisation aad character of mate dis
 tinguished personage, accompanied by a Hkrace*.
 PHYSIOLOGY
 Health I- life. The great instrument of talent xir
 tae aad happiaaae, all of which it augment*. To it*
 pßMitatha aad raMormtiou,special attention will he
 girea.
 MAGNETISM.
 With practial instruction, interesting hctt, and
 choice troths which it unfolds, will be prrarntnd ia
 this Journal.
 TOCNG MEN,
 The blessings they enjoy, the influence they can
 wield, aad their preparation for conducting our insti
 tution*, will form the theme of a aerie* of article*.
 SELF-IMPROVEMENT.
 Who does not long oarneslly, and mould not strixe j
 assiduously, to cukirate his natural powers, and
 render hi ruse tl better and more happy! To such, I
 each number will be a prompter and text-book.
 TERMS—inxariabh in altaace—ONE DOLL
 AR A YE4K
 SAMPLE NUMBERS of this Journal wifi be
 sent GRATIS, when desired.
 I
 j T&lt; teceiee attention, letters and orders must 1*
 j POST-PAID, and directed to
 FOWLER It WELLS.
 A i 131 Nassau St.,New York
 WILLIAM B. LOGAN, Dealer in Fashionable
 Boots and Shoes, 80,.Purchase Street, New
 Bedford.
 W. B. L. keeps constantly on ham) a good assort
 ment, sod w ill sell cheap for cash. Strict attention
 j paid to custbm-made work, try Messrs. Parker and
 i Davis
NORTHAMPTON WATER CURE.
 Electricity and Hydropathy.
 THE public are respectfully informed, that since
 the philosophical deductions of the learned Dr.
 Means, of Emory College, Ga., ami the]scientific
 experiments of Mr. Uetnmcr of England,* hare
 recently and indubitably establishcdthe fact, that!
 the conclusions at which tlie undersigned arrived by
 the sense of touch, in 1844, are in harmony with
 natural and physiological laws—to wit, that the:
 human body, in a healthy condition, is in a positive
 electrical state and that the electrical emanations
 from the cuticular surface, indicate health, or the
 symptoms aad character of disease—tliere is some
 reason to hope, that certain pitysicians, ignorant of
 these principles or natural laws, a knowledge ot
 which is essential to the safe ami intelligent practice
 i of the healing art, will cease thelfc vociferations
 against the positive eekctrical state of the
 human body, ami will hesitate to dissuade those
 j whom they have failed to relieve of tlieir complaints,
 1 from seeking nature’s remedy at the N orth ast p
 j TON Water Cure. Thus sustained by the light
 of science, the undersigned may be permitted here
 to repeat his experience, tliat, in all cases where the
 wrist, stomach, or lungs, arc in the clectro-ncgativc
 condition, the patient is beyond the power of water
 to afford relief. On the other band, when the parts
 of the body alluded to, are in the electro-positive
 state, however disarranged, there is ground to hope
 for a cure.
 Had not the results of past years’ practice
 already- convinced the public of the safety or truth
 fulness of the principles by which the undersigned is
 governed, in detecting the symptoms and charactet
 of disease, and practising the cure, the recent scien
 tific demonstration of their correctness, by Professoi
 Means and Mr. Hemmcr, could not fail to convince
 the most incredulous.
 Gratefully appreciating the credit so generously
 awarded for his success as a Hydropathic Practi
 tioner, by a discerning public, and the gratitude
 evinced by those whom lie has had the pleasure lu
 relieve of tlieir complaints, the undersigned will
 assiduously endeavor to sustain the credit, and merit
 that gratitude, in (be case of every invalid who may
 afford him an opportunity to effect a cure, by his
 original and philosophical method of practice.
 The Northampton Water Cnre is pleasantly situ
 ated near BensouvilJe, on the west bank of Licking
 Water, or Mill River, about two and a half miles
 from the centre of the town. It is conveniently
 arranged, with separate parlors, bathing and dress
 ing-rooms, for Ladies and Gentlemen, well ventil
 ated and conveniently furnished lodging rooms, and
 a variety of baths, supplied with water, which, for
 I abundance, purity, am! aitapurtiiiess to water-cure
 purposes, is unsurpassed by that of any other esta
 blishment in this country The scenery in this
 vicinity is picture sque and romantic There are a
 variety of pleasant walks, sufficiently retired, to
 allow water-cure patients to appear as they should,
 plainly dressed, enjoying their rambles without
 being exposed to public gaze or observation
 Among the complaints which are here successfully
 treated, are headache, tendency of blood to tlie head,
 cold extremities, general and nervous debility, bron
 chitis, pulmonary affection, liver complaint, jaun
 dice, acute or chronic inflammation of the bowels,
 piles, dyspepsia, general debility, nervous and spinal
 affections, inflammatory and chronic rheumatism,
 neuralgia, sciatica, lame limbs, paralysis, fevers, salt
 rheum, scrofulous and erysipelas humors.
 All patients who visit this establishment for a
 course of treatment, should furnish themselves with
 three comfortables, three woollen blankets, one or
 two linen and three cotton sheets, two pillow cases
 six or eight crash towels, some well worn linen, to
 cut for fomentations, an old cloak or mantle, an um
 brella, and a pair of slippers.
 Terms for treatment and board are f? 5 50 to
 #8 50 per week, payable weekly—washing extra.
 A patient who from choice or the character of bis
 complaint, occupies a room alone on tlie third floor
 will pay $8 00 per week—on the first and second’
 floors, $8 50 per week. Patients requiring extra
 I attention or fire in their rooms, (except for swath
 ing purposes,) will furnish tlieir own nurses and fiud,
 or pay an extra price.
 D. RUGGLEf*.
 Northampton, March 1848.
 N.B. Visitors to tlie Establishment, from the
 east, west, or south, can take tlie cars of the Conn.
 River Railroad at Springfield. Carriages will
 always be in readiness at the Northamptou depot, to
 convey them hither.
 The human blood, in a normal and healthy con
 dition of the human system, is in a positive state
 whiqh is constantly maintained by the activity of the
 generating sources within—an excess generally pass
 ing off in silence from the cuticular surface, so Umt
 out of 356 experiments made by Mr. Heromer of
 England, upon the uncovered skin,” 322 indicated
 tlie presence of positive electricity. This surplusage
 of the fluid upon the surface, we belike to lie itidis
 peosabie to the healthful condition of the whole
 animal economy, and that when, from any cause, is
 ee diminished or ceases, diseased action ensues
 Geoaddress, delivered before the Medical College of
 jof its annual session, Nov.
 8, 1847, by A. Means, A.M., M.D., Professor of
 Chemistry and Pharmacy, and Professor of Physical
 Science in Emory College, Ga., page 26
ATHOL HATER (IKE.
 THE Subscriber begs leave to tail tie attention
 of Invalid*, especially those wdierinK trutn
 chronic disease. to lua hydropathic &lt;tubiisbuicni in
 Athol, Mans.
 Ilia home «a* opened (or the recepti &gt;a of patient*
 la&gt;t season, and it is believed offer* excellent facili-j
 tws for aphtlo*'&gt;pbir and thorough coorae in iivdro I
 P**b&gt;- *«PP*y «f water is alMindant, and in!
 (fooowwed eqwl t water an a
 di Allied. *he location in quite eligible, leing but j
 a abort distance from the V. L M. railroad. .The
 vicinity abound* ia a variety of aceotn, and ha*
 charming grotmda for walk* aad ramblei. So that'
 with the water, aeitable regimen, mountain air, and
 exmuie, patients can *clrc«}&gt; foil to obtain the
 result* for which they labor
 The foHowieg eaea ileatratea this remark. Mrs.
 8., Wlfo ot Dea. 8., of Warwick, Ma**., aged
 abotd thirty-five years, ww bruoilri to me mat
 August. w case presented the follow in? pheno
 mena. If placed ia aa erect position, and left im-j
 "•pponed.kkc forthwith felf backward to the
 grmmd. If being well supported, she made an
 «»umr foot, when carried forward, I
 her effort* to the contrary, would crus* the
 °*ber. She had been ia this condition nearly a
 j«r. Her treaunem cammeneed the 16th of Sept.,
 *ud was mutinied to the 26th Oct. ooiv, when she
 **S? rwu w d to be able to walk half a
 bar return to her fimihr, she
 ha* continued bar hath*, with corresponding un
 privies at to her haakh. She now attend* to her
 *1 with the assistance of a small
 f*ri, doe. the wort of her fomiiy.
 ratieate are desired to briag three comfortable*,
 oae pa*r *f woollen blanket?one pair of .beets,
 Awaa towel* marked, with old linen tor
 btiMltgM.
 T&lt;W^* IWI per week, aecocd
 •jjto Aba aaceamtias or choice .of the aatiemta,
 I it less particular in the selection &lt;d
 •to**, or are willing to occaav them in common
 with others, wiU be chensd lee*.
 Athol, Match, GEOROE HOYT.
POTKBTT:
 rr» ILLEGAL CAMEfI AMD LEGAL
 CURE.
 •T LYSANDEX IfOOltll.
 TV Aftnr Patriot c*Ba H—“ A (Ml pamphlet o
 pages a very n—rhahb prodwetien.”—
 Whrthrr all the nnucmntion. JT Mr. Spot**,
 w«*W be real tied by Ok MI adoption of kin theon,
 we do aot kero (top to toyiw; oat we heart W com.'
 ■cad kb endeavor to the not we of aM who be*
 inrE|in VfM PwlfP VVIMI iron tlm cast
 of oct or party. Asa judicial writer, hr has a depth,
 a compass, far beyond any one whoee prodornoot
 have met raw eye in a longtime.”
 s*Tf Iw—** 1 w— k
 in bold and original thought*. The illegal cause* of
 pomty are stated, and a number of important prop*,
 •itioae bearing on the subject laid down; and.oatS
 whole, we consider it a work well worth «tu&gt;!yiae
 nAwdiaa aa it doe* many valuable bint* to the *tate*.
 ■an and political rcunomi*t.”
 The Bangor &lt;»a*e«»e «ay* An able and rertain
 b original work, from the pen of Lymnder Spooner
 Esq.—author of that powerfnl book which demon
 •trate* the ancoiunituttonal,ij of American Sbrerv
 •earchina than Spooner.,’ Thu new work b des
 tme»l to lead to a re examination of all fermer *v»-
 tem* of political economy.” At first bWh hi* eco
 nomical proposition* strike us as sustainable—and if
 they are *o, hi* work will prevail, and produce an
 important revolution in the present prevailing sya
 Every one should read it.”
 o BELA MARSH, Publisher, Boston.
 Part k Price 25 Tent*.
flan’s lf*fladle Lxiraer
 I« the only remedy that ran lie relied on for the
 lenuaiient rare of Spumodie Contractions, Irrita
 ion of the Nerve*, Nervous or Sick lira, lathe
 Vervous Tremors, Neuralgic Affection*, Genera
 Debility, Deficiency of Nervous and Physical Finer-
 QT, anti all Nervous Disorders, including the most
 I read fill of all diseases that affect the human race
 Eftitjmy, or FaUmg StcAtm. —Hysterical Fits,
 Convulsions, Spasms, &amp;c It is well known, that
 from time immemorial, Physicians have pronotmced
 Fpsjrptic Fits incurable. It has baffled all their
 skill, and the boasted power of all medicine, and
 consequently thousands have suffered through a mis
 erable existence, and at last yielded up tbeir lives on
 the Altar of Insanity. —The proprietor of the Veget
 able Extract, however, feels no delicacy in saying
 that it can be cured. He woukt, therefore, respect
 lully invite physicians, and all others wlio are inter
 ested, to examine the testimony w hicb is here offered.
 If it is deception, let i; lie exposed but if it ia
 true, then in the name of humanity, no longer let it
 he said that Epilepsy is incurable.
 Htart's Vrfetallr Extract. —For sixteen years,
 has been tested bv many persons who have suffered
 with this dreadful dissa'se, and in every case where
 it has had a fair trial, has effected a permanent
 cure.
 Coh Denslow of Yonkers, New York, states that
 his daughter lias been afflicted with Fits for more
 than nine years, and has been cured by the use of
 the Vegetable Extract.
 Mrs. J. Bradcy, 115 Orchard street, New York,
 states that she lias been subject to Fits for many
 years, and has been restored to perfect health (after
 every oilier means had failed) by the use of the
 Vegetable Extract.
 Dr. Charles A. Brown, of Dover, Russell co.,
 Alabama, who is one of the best Physicians in the
 State, says that he lias been much benefited by the
 use of the Vegetable Extract, and that he unhesitat
 ingly prescribes it in every ease of Epilepsy which
 comes under bis know ledge.
 Curtis G. May berry, Es&lt;p, formerly Postmaster
 at Liine Mills,! raw tori! t'o., I*a., now living in
 Erie Cp., l’a., states iliat for many past he
 has been sorely afflicted with Fits, ami he is now
 happy to state tliat a persevering use of Dr. Hart’s
 Vegetable Extract, lias restored him to sound health,
 being entirely freed from tliat worst of all diseases.
 Judge Randall, N. 156 Henry street, New York,
 having used the Vegetable Extract successfully in
 his family, highly recommends it to all persons 'who
 are afflicted with Fits.
 M. Stephen E. Pratt, corner of Sixth Avenue
 I and Twenty-Sixth street, New York, states that
 Mr. Chas, H. Houghton, a member of his family has
 I been so severely afflicted w ith Epileptic Fits for
 many years, that he was obliged to relinquish his
 business. Having used Dr. Hart’s Vegetable Ex
 tract (says Mr. Pratt,) lie was soon restored to
 perfect health, and left this city for the State of
 Ohio to resume his business.
 Rev. Mr. Smith, Rector of St. Peters Church,
 Spotswood, New Jersey’, who has been afflicted
 with Epileptic Fits for more than forty years, states
 tliat he has used Dr. Hart’s Vegetable Extract, and
 his health has been so much improved that he hopes
 by Divine blessiug, to have no more Fits.
 Epileptic Fits. —For twenty-seven years and six
 months, cured by the use of this truly wonderful
 medicine.
 Rood the following remarkable case of the son of
 m s E «l&gt; of Philadelphia, afflicted with
 Epileptic Fits twenty-seven years ami six months.
 After travelling through England, Scotland, Ger
 many and France, consulting tl&gt;e most eminent
 physicians, and expending for mediciue, medical
 treatment and advice three thousand dollars, returned
 with his son to this country in November last., with
 out receiving any benefit wlmtever, and was cured
 by using Hart's Vegetable Extract.— l have spent
 over three thousand dollars for medicine and medical
 attendance. 1 was advised to tpke a tour to Eu
 rope with him which I did. I first visited England
 I consulted tlie most eminent physicians there in
 respect to his case; they examined him and prescri
 bed accordingly. I remained there three moniba
 without perceiving any change for the better, which
 cost me about two hundred and fifty dollars, pock
 eted by tbe physicians, and tlie most that I received
 was their opinion that my con V rase was boneless
 and POSITIVELY INCURABLE. I accordingly
 left England travelled through Scotland, Gentry
 and France, and returned home in the month of
 November last, with my son as far from being cured
 as when I reft, I saw your advertisement in one of
 die New ork papers, and concluded to try Hart’s
 Vegetable Extract, seeing your statement* and
 certificates of so many cures, some of twenty and
 thirty vears standing, and I can assure you I am not
 sorry I did so, ns by Hie use of Hart’s Vegetable
 1,0 was to PERFECT
 HEAL 111. His reason, which was so for gone as to
 unfit him for business is entirely restored, with the
 prospect now before him of life, health and useful,
 ness.. Fie w now 28 years of age, and 27 years 6
 months of this time ha* been afflicted with this
 most dreadful ol diseases, Iwt thank God is now
 enjoying good health.
 Now, sir, faith without works I don’t believe
 in. To say I shall be ever grateful to you is one
 Hung, and as 1 here enclose you one hundred dollars
 I have no doubt but you will think this another sod
 quite a different thing. 'lTie debt of gratitude 1 still
 owe you; but please accept this amount as interest
 on tlie debt in advance.
 Yours, very respectfully,
 (signed) WILLIAM BECORE,
 TESTIMONY UPON TESTIMONY
 In reference to Hie almost miraculous efficacy ot
 Hus truly wonderfu medicine, read tbe following
 letter from Dr. W. L. Monroe, of Guilford, Ohm!
 owe of the most eminent physicians in that place:
 K li 0hio Ao u UOO
 laborer m the cause ofhuiiHuiiiv—Dear
 sir. Iti« with no small degree of pleawri ,hat I
 am enabled to announce to you the complete triumph
 of voilr invaluable medicine in caaeToTEpilepsy/l
 have prescribed it in four mtlance* in this vicinity,
 and it lias been highly successful in all. Three
 the patients, I trust, have been radically cured.
 Tte fourth one w rapidly improving, and will, 1
 think a itisHit doubt recover. I am not in the (mbit
 of or recommending patent medicines,
 hut when I see an article yt hit b promises sp much
 for the relief of suffering humanity, I feel my duty
 to n-coauaeiKl it, and I Imre no besitatiin in sat
 ing that as soou us the faculty are folly acquainted
 with the real merit of your 'medicine, they wiM
 dost tbeir eyes again-t p«*-judice and lend you a
 hr fifes* band.
 I SMicrilc myself vow*, sincerely,
 ISkned] W. L MONROE, M. D.
 To Dr. S. Hart, New \ork.
 the Time is nut far distant
 When thousands who are now tremhha* uad«r
 the hand of this dreadful disease, and ban** that
 every attack amy prove fetal, will hd perukaest
 3*JS iLKT" to
 OVER ONE TIHM lUM, CERTIFICATES
 IStfSTStt.""-
 Do four packages ’X S
 Do eight pnekayra $J
 i l boxes for traas
 -15=5
 THOMAS k MILS, US Main CU
 mwm 9 ui wmjm ml* nmiumm i l.
 d«**ed Port Paid. mm m
 A C nt FmlUm d
 VsrWj.Sy'”'*' iN—? ClmlMd Okie,
