Notices
ROCHESTER
 ANTI-SLAVERY
 BAZAAR,
 t
 Will commence on the evening of ihe 90th
 Wt.. and continue two days, M the new and
 Iteautiful Concert Hall in State Street.
 Tlie contributions have arrived from I-on
 don, Brsto), I/ceds, Coventry* Manchester,
 and Cork and with those of friends in thii
 country, will afford an unexampled display of
 beauty and elegance. Another box is ex
 pected from Carlisle, containing beautiful
 specimens of bronzed iron ornaments, such ai
 have never bcon seen in this market also a
 handsome side-saddle. Among the many
 hundreds of useful and elegant articles frott
 England, arc 2 doz. net-work collars, 15
 pairs embroidered men's slippers, 12 splendit
 satm stocks, 20 pairs gentlemen's and ladies
 gloves, HO doyleys, 40 chair tidies, 60 lamj
 rmis, fW&gt; children's frocks, aprons, bibs, 6&lt;
 pairs socks, 40 n ghtcaps, sofa-guards, scarfs
 .'»0 pairsl w risileta, a book of dried plants ii
 jXifcct preservation, and rare specimens c
 Irish moss, which must be highly valued b;
 the naturalist, Chinese dolls, beautiful hrida
 party and opera danceis (dolls) a great var
 lety of cushions, needle-books, shawls, otto
 maos, covers, &amp;e.
 Several speakers from different places, ar
 expected a band of musicians will lend thei
 aid to cheer and enliven and a poem writtei
 for the occasion will be read.
 Merchants, grocers, confectioners, bakers
 Ac., will greatly aid us in our efforts, b)
 their contributions for
 THE REFRESHMENT TABLE,
 as early as convenient, to the ’Anti-Slaver)
 oflice, 25, Buffalo Street. Friends in thf
 country will oblige by sending on farm pro
 duce—l utter, cream, eggs, &amp;c., all as’ carl)
 a*- possible, as the day is near.
 ABIGAIL BUSH, Pres't.
 Sarah C. Ow en, Sec'y,
 Annual Meeting.
 'Hie Annual Meeting of the Western New
 York A nti-Slavcry Society will be held at
 Rochester, on Friday and Saturday, the 22d
 and 23d of December, commencing on Friday
 at 10 o’clock A. M.
 Notwithstanding that the nation, in its mad
 ness, has Intel. signified its choice to have
 one of the most notorious of slsvcholdets to
 uric over us for the next four years, the Anti
 siavery tide is'evidently widening and deep
 »tiing. The signs of the times are, on the
 whole, encouraging. Come up, then, ye
 faithful and true, and let us unite our efforts,
 and put forth our energies in favor of the
 right.
 I '-fforts will be made to procure able
 teresiiiig speakers. By order of the Ex*u
 tive Committee.
 J. C. HATHAWAY, Pres't.
 P- S.—Will the Liberator and National
 Anti-Slavery Standard please copy.
Western New York Anti-Slavery Society.
 r /f he Executive Committee will meet on
 Tuesday evening next, uec. is, at me a..u
 Slavery Office, 23, Buffalo Street.
 Attendance is requested at half past
 o'clock precisely.
 VV. C. NELL, Rec. Sec
 Convention of Colored Citizens
 A Mass Convention of the Colored Citi
 zens of Ohio, will be held in Columbus,
 commencing January 10th, 1840. The object
 of this Convention is our elevation, moral,
 intellectual, and political. Encountering us
 in the first step of our march, staud Oliio’s
 Black Laws.” They must be repealed. It
 is true, stripped as we are of all political
 power, we have only a moral power over
 them but it only necessary to wield this
 power aright, and it is mighty to the pulling
 down of the strongholds of oppression and
 wrong. Therelure,let us not be slothful, but
 diligent, doing all we have the ability to do
 so that if we must be made louger to bleed
 beneath the cruel inflictions of ignorance,
 prejudice, and heathenish proscription, we
 may at least, amidst our suflerings, have this
 consolation That we have exerted our
 selves to the uttermost to escape the bloody
 scourge.”
 To thk County Committee.— You, gen
 tlemen, are expected to co-operate with the
 Central Committee in bringing together, to
 form this Convention, a body of independent,
 fearless and talented men—men in whose
 hearts burns unquencbably the love of liberty;
 and w bo will permit no surmountable obstacle
 to work any intermission in their etlorts to
 come at once into the most complete enjoy
 ment of that liberty which they love. There
 are such men and reasonable exertion wil.
 suffice to assemble them together. Hitherto
 our Conventions have !&gt;een made up of men l
 who had received the suffrages, and been sent
 up by the authority of their constituents.—
 I mlrr that arrangement, there is reason to
 suspect that in very many instances those
 most thoroughly acquainted with our griev
 ances, and ihe best qualified lo remedy them
 have lioni their faithfulness inleproving what
 ever evil they have seen prevailing in their
 respective communities, incurred the dis
 pleasure of their fellow-citizens, and been re
 pudiated by riiom as busy-bodies, meddlers in
 other men's matters while those, who have
 stiKul by, coidially assenting to the shouts of
 'he multitudes, knowing nothing about the
 interest of the i&gt;eople, and caring less, are sent
 up to do business lor our oppressed people.—
 In order that this, as well as other evils re
 sulting, from the old order of things, may be
 averted, we have proclaimed a Mass Conven
 tion, thus affording every man who feels the
 weight of the yoke, and is tired of wearing it,
 and has sufficient intelligence to contribute
 aught to remove it, a fair opportunity todo so.
 J. POINDEXTER
 J. BOOKER,
 wm. ward,
 W.DEPT,
 J*. LITCHFORD,
 A. M. TAYTOR,
 NM. COPELAND,
 ISAIAH RKDMAH,
 E. FIELDS,
 State Central Coni.
 Tokon to, Nov. T, IH|7.
 \V&gt;, the undersigned, authorize the Re*.
 Washington Christian to act us the only agent
 of the British American Anti-Slavery So
 ciety.
 B. RANKINS, Chairman.
 A JI’OAH, 11. ItICHARM,
 C. Deri*, J**. Johnson,
 J. Harper, VVm Thompson.
 Wm. Harnkv, Geo. Brown,
 Chas. Preekas, Sec’y.
 Thr Uwiom newspaper, Parts, gives an ex
 traordinary Recount of some of the clubs.—
 There it one, it appears, at which the memory
 of Robespierre is held in such veneration, that
 when hi» name is pronounced every member
 takes off lua hit. v j
p
 httNtaitiM ii|tcr.
 Among f he occupants of the American
 I pulpu. dongg the lust *t\ months, has been
 «h« Rev. AVtfcander King, «r Dublin, Ireland
 —a man of popular eloquence and rmtsidera
 able intellectual vigor. He han bad tec bn
 object the convemon of Ireland from Fapacy
 to Proteetanusm, through certain insttumen
 uhtiec, and, of course, haa met with a cordial
 welcome from Episcopalians, Methodwu,
 Baptists, ('ongregationaliata, Ac. On the
 evening of the Slat ultimo, a meeting wta
 held at the Mount Vernon church, In this
 cttjr, to take a farewell leave of this gentle*
 man, and to 1 express to him the confidence
 and Chtwttan affection of the churches in
 Boston.’ Ihe Rev. Mr. Kirk gave the open
 ing address. This is the gentleman who
 labored so strenuously and so successfully in
 the London Evangelical Alliance, to prevent
 that body from excommunicating slave holders
 from the pale of*€hnatiaa communion. He
 ta a kind of religious Beau Brummeil—ele
 gant,' exquisite, and sentimental. He referred
 ibe present degradation of Ireland to the rile
 of Papacy. Will he tell us to what the
 degradation of the stavebotding South is
 owing Not to Papacy, certainly. Amd is
 it not incomparably more appalling than that
 of Ireland l He thought no political change
 would be of any permanent benefit to Ireland,
 ill 'She became a nation of freemen in Jesus
 Christ. But where will he find such a nation
 Undoubtedly, hi* beau ideal on tt is this 4 land
 of the free,’ in which there are only three
 millions of slaves, held by Protestant masters!
 He said the repeal needed for Ireland was a
 repeal of the Papacy, a repeal of the union
 with Rome. Perhaps so—but what does he
 1 think of a religious and political union with
 those who traffic in human flesh r Is he in
 favor of its repeal Not he! Give Ireland
 I ihis,* be said— 1 give her an open Bible, and
 j then we may hope she will take her place
 among the nations of the earth.’ Fine decla
 mation lilts But is it not disgusting cant to
 come from the lips of a man who sees millions
 of his own countrymen deprived of the Bible
 by law, and who is in religious fellowship
 with those who make and enforce the law.
 lie should wear a mask m the pulpit, and
 never show bis real face again until he
 regents.
 The immortal discoverer of the innocency
 of 4 organic sins,* Rev. Edward Beecher,
 followed Mr. Kirk. It is the policy of the
 devil, he said, to keep up the distinction of
 nations and castes —to have parties and sects,
 &amp;c. This looks like an attack on 4 the star
 spangled banner,' and on the army and navy,
 which are quite national; but the Dr. is.
 shrewd enough to make no application of his
 language. Ho represents the policy; design
 and tendency of religion to be, to bring men
 together—to unite them—give them a com
 mon master, a common service, a common
 hope. How strikingly illustrated is this
 doctrine in the thousand jarring religious
 bodies in this land We believe it is true ot
 the spirit of primitive Christianity, that w hich
 he declares to he true of religion in the Ameri
 can sense, and which is not true.
 Rev. Mr. King next addressed the assem
 bly, He had heard much of America, 4 her
 free institutions,' &amp;c., but it did not appear
 that he had ever heard of a certain 4 peculiar
 institution’ at the South, for he made no men
 tion of it, but eulogized our country as though
 she were without spot or wrinkle. Since tie
 has been among us, he seems to have avoided
 alt contact with the abolitionists, so far as
 we can learn, and to have attached himself
 wholly to those who are decidedly inimical to
 the anti-slaverv movement. We have never
 heard, nor seen reported from his lips, a single
 word against that 4 abomination of desolation,’
 slavery, as expressive of Ins feelings on this
 subject. This has been the more inexcusable
 on his part, as his theme has been the value ot
 the Bible, and the importance ot ptocunng tor
 it a free circulation in Ireland while he
 knows it is a sealed and prohibited book to
 nearly one half of our Southern population
 ““Sealed and prumuiua ..t Uy ,n Hnpp no?
 the Romish Church, but by Protestants of his
 own stamp —by the very sects by which he
 was so warmly received, Episcopalians, Con
 gregationalisms, Baptists, Methodists, &amp;c. &amp;c.
 We trust his behavior will not escape the
 notice of our anti-slavery friends in Ireland,
 especially in Dublin.
 If wc might be allowed to whisper in the
 ear of this politic theologian, we could tell
 him that there is a better way of convening
 Ireland from Papacy, than lor him to appeal
 for aid to a nation which deals 4 in slaves and
 souls of rneu’ to an unparalleled extent, and
 which professes to derive Irom the Bible ita
 highest sanctions of this horrible iniquity.
 Let lum say little or nothing about Papacy,
 until he lias testified in thunder-tones against
 that mean, plundering, despotic, persecuting
 Brotesiaimsin in Ireland, which, though
 numerically feeble, compels by the terrible
 power of the British government seven mil
 lions of t'alboltcs to support ftby a direct tax,
 in violation of the sacred rights of conscience,
 in defiance of every principle of justice. To
 think of converting people to a religion which
 they are forced to support at the potut ot the
 bayonet,and irom which they utterly dissent,
 as equally spurious and tyrannical, is an
 absurdity.
 The Rev. Mr. Blagden, of the Old South
 Church, next 4 offered a fervent prayer, to
 God,’ in behalf of the dear servant of Christ,’
 meaning the politic Mr. King, about to tempt
 the dangers of the ocean, &amp;c. As Mr. Blag
 den is unscrupulous in his appeal to the Bible
 in defence of slaveholding, and does not
 hesitate to maintain even in his pulpit the
 scriptural right to enslaye men, women and
 children, it was singularly pertinent that he
 should offer the prayer on the occasion alluded
 to! What 4 lantastic tricks before high
 Heaven’ a time-serving cieigy can play
 and with what impunity, too, in the presence
 ot a cruel, oppressive and hypocritical people!
 ‘How long, Lord V
 The closing address was made by the very
 reverend and very notorious Matthew Hale
 Smith, who somewhat boastiugly informed
 Mr. King that 4 our government is now the
 most stable government on the face of the
 earth,’ —seeing that slavery is its corner-stone,
 and that beneath it lie crushed THREE MIL
 LIONS OF PEOPLE Very stable indeed
 —and a matter of pious congratulation But
 if this be stability, what is insecurity Be
 not deceived, Mr. Smith Whatsoever a
 nation sows, that shall it also 4 reap. 4 They
 that lead into captivity shall go into captivity.’
 4 With what measure ye meie, it shall be
 measured to you again.’ Boast as we may
 of the this government, it stiff
 remains fearfully true that the Lord hath a
 controversy with the inhabitants of the land,
 because there is no truth, nor mercy, nor
 knowledge of God in the land. By swearing,
 and lying, and killing, and stealing, and com
 muting adultery, they break out, aud blood
 toucheth blood. Therefore shall the land
 mourn.’ 4 Thus saith the Lord God, O Tvrus,
 thou hast said, 1 am of ujdect beauty. Thine
 heart is lifted up because# tby beauty; thou
 has corrupted tby wisdom by reason of thy
 brightness thou bast defiled thy sanctuaries
 by the multitude of thine iniquities, by the
 iniquity uf thy traffic; therefore will I bring
 forth a fire from the midst of thee—it shall
 devour thee and I will bring thee to ashes
 upon the earth, in the sight of all them that
 behold thee.’
 Mr. Small again boastfully remarks 4 We
 are a law-loving and a law-abiding people.*
 Ws-wuoes* the treatment of thedec»ic!o of
 the t oned States Supreme Court, by Geur
 m the care of the Cherokee*, the pru
 avery mobs w h ch h Te where irazm
 pied all law and order under foot atUw
 instigation alike of priest and politician; the
 violent expulsion of the legal and peaceful
 commissioners of Massachusetts, Messrs
 Hoar and Hubbard, from Chsrlesuln and New
 Orleans the nfling of the mails, and burning
 their contents in the streets; the tenure, im
 prisonment, and occasional sale on the auction
 block, of northern colored seamen found in
 louthern ports; Ae rewards offered for the
 tbdoction of Doralern abolitionists; the sack-
tag of the dwttHtm and bunting of (be
 ehurches and Mrtragt t perpetrated npoo the
 pwaom of the colored inhabitants ofPhilv
 deijibia, New York and Cincinnati: the eoo
 -I*** of fennsyhaau Hall, the lacerate*
 S°&gt; Arana Dreaaer, the burning of Mflnto»h
 by a slow fire, and the administration ofhucb
 la* to eaaea too nutnetoea for recap* u latino!
 I A country rent and turn asunder by violence,
 composed of ‘a taw-kwing and kw-abiding
 Ipcoaht"
 •Cany back with you, my brother,’ aaid
 Mr. Smith, 4 no thought that Rome is to
 rule this country. With our Bible*, a well
 established mm,-try, an universal education,
 Iwe fear neither pope nor tyrant.’ Rome
 I allows all its subjects to team to rend, to ac
 quire education, tagfcia res property. Pro
 teat ant America main property of oe sixth
 portion of its population, and forbids their
 learning even the alphabet on peril of torture!
 Aa tor universal education,* scarcely one in
 ten of the white population in one half of the
 Union can read sod write, and the entire black
 population are unable to tell one letter Cron*
 another.’
 DU 3 ls it not strange, that, in our own eons
 try there should be found so many with so
 little brains as tu believe that these lip-servie*
 i hypocrites, by their abuse and detraction of
 us, can aid or hasten the abolition of slavery
 ,in the United States? Is it not wouderfui that
 fools enough can be hunted out to support that
 t negro buffoon, Fred Douglass, and his North
 Star in his abuse vt the country that gave
 him birth, and his laudation of every thing
 English It is very easy for some phtiau
 tnropic souls among us, who would hetroeti
 cally seal their pockets when a sixpence is in
 danger of escaping from them, to talk of a
 Southern planter’s giving up what he has all
 his life been taught toennstder as justly and
 as morally his property as is his house or his
 lands, without the least renumeration, or even
 the thanks of the North. It is very easy to
 talk of getting rid of slavery in a day—of
 turning twoaud a half millions of negroes, ig
 notanl and unused to contend w ith the world,
 out upon the community, to rob, to hot,
 and to fill *our Northern prisons and alms
 houses—and it may he very consoling to
 these philanthropists, to know that their prat
 tle is echoed hy such abusive scamps as Fred
 Douglass and George Thompson—but we
 opine it is not quite so easy to propose a just,
 and equitable, and safe plan to do away with
 the evil. If these gentlemen are sincere in
 their professed love of the negro, let them
 propose some feasible plan to the South for
 the abolition of slavery, and strive to enforce
 it in a wise conciliatory spirit, and the South
 w ill give them a hearing. It is all very fine,
 this high-sounding declamation, this poetical
 imagery, this talk of 4 hundred headed Hy
 dras,’ golden Budhas, long-faced Brahmins
 and Pyramid crowued Pharaohs—but it won’t
 rust out a single link of the chain that binds
 the servant to his master, or lessen the load
 he bears, a feather’s weight. Treat the sub
 fect calmly, gentleman. If yon believe slu
 -1 very to be so monstrous a sin, strive to make
 others believe as you do by using soft words
 and sound arguments. Don’t undertake, to
 cudgel your opniions into other folks’ heads.
 By this course, youjtvill do the the negro ho
 good, and only spoil your own tempers. And
 don’t call in the aid of English fools and fa
 natics—for our country is a large one, and we
 have plenty of the material, manufactured and
 in the raw at home Her. Thomas F. Norris
 —Boston Olive Branch.

 From the Boston Daily Republican.
 Newuuryport, Nov. 30, 1848.
 Mr. Editor, —It is Thanksgiving dav, and
 l at this moment, I can say I am truly thankful
 —not because the day is so very beautiful,
 friends kind, and plenty of smiles upon the
 board, but because I have had the privilege of
 i listening to a noble and manly rebuke of wrong,
 injustice and oppression. W hen I listen to
 such words as 1 have to day, 1 have a more
 opinion of man, and my heart is made
 stronger and better. The burning w or &lt;u
 the faithful preacher of righteousness, one
 'who has a soul that cannot be bought and
 Isold, increases my faith that the day will come
 when principle will triumph over expediency
 and love of gain.
 The preacher I have heard to-day is Mr,
 Higginson, the pastor of the Unitarian Society
 jof this tow n. He took for his text the words
 of Christ, man shall not Jive by bread alone
 i but by every word that procetxleth out of the
 mouth ol God. He remarked in his introduc
 tion, that our na ion was not given to fighting
 as some others, nor so licentious as some oth
 ers, &amp;c., but of its great sin is a love of tem
 poral good, of temporal blessings, ‘living by
 alone.’ This was the idea, but I have not ex
 pressed it in his beautiful and earnest words,
 Alter speaking of the fact that, in the estima
 tion of society, the substantial tnan is he wht
 1 has an abundance of temporal blessings, he
 proceeded to remind his hearets that a veai
 ago last August he told them that an effort
 was being made to place another Slaveholdei
 in the Presidential chair. That effort has beer
 successfu —Slavery has again triumphed.
 The ultra slaveholding candidate has been ele
 vated to the highest political office within the
 gift of any people. In the face of the facts,
 said the preacher, that Gen. Taylor’s nomina
 tion was ‘not fit to be made’—that he pos
 sessed riot one qualification for the office—that
 he was first nominated by slaveholders of all
 parties as the available Southern candidate—
 that he was first urged upon the Whig Con
 vention and sustained by Southern men—that
 the Convention after having nominated him,
 adjourned without expressing a single prin
 ciple, rejecting the \V ilmot Proviso with con
 tempt,—you have voted for him. And since
 his election, you have united in celebrating his
 triumph; you have endorsed the triumph of
 slavery. And the reason why Gen. Taylor
 was supported by the Nonh, was because the
 people live by bread alone. They gave up
 principle and freedom for a Tariff.
 In the course of his remarks, he alluded in
 an eloquent and feeling manner to Frederick
 Douglass. 1 wish I could give his intensely
 stirring‘and thrilling words, but the w ish is
 vain, and 1 shall not try. I will simply give
 the idea. He said that when he listened, a
 few evenings since, to Douglass's terrible and
 volcanic icbukes of this professedly free and
 Christian nation, and thought that this man,
 bis body, -soul, powerful genius, all were ooce
 under the poweT of slavery, and thought of
 the millions who are now in bondage, he felt
 it a great wrong to lei even one Sabbath pass
 by without saying something fur the slave,
 and, said he, by the helpofGod, I never will.
 In his closing temark, he said that the owner
 of three hundred slaves, a warrior by trade,
 had been considered by some as a very good
 anti-slavery and peace'candidate when, if it
 had not been for these things, he never could
 have been a candidate and elected.
 When it is remembered that Mr. Higgin
 son’s congregation is composed almost entirely
 of rich Taylor men, hts manly boldness and
 independence appear in their true light. His
 scorching rebukes must have been terrible to
 some of them, lie told them thaVVbeD
 Dyuglass came, a man of power, eloquence
 and genius, very few bid him welcome; be
 was not received with honors, and but a few
 testified their approbation; but when the
 oame of Gen. Taylor is mentioned the name
 of one you do not know, without genius and
 eloquence, eminent for nothing but brute
 force, then your acclamations are loud and
 long, you illuminate your bonnet, and cele
 brate bin triumph. But I will not write morn.
 Thanks for such men as Mr. Higginson.
 While they live, it is folly for tbs friends and
 supporters of slavery u&gt; say that the Free
 Soil party is dead. W. G. C.
 KP The Legislature of Vermont baa ad
 journed, after a session of one month. They
 massed joint resolutions in farorofthe Wihmot
 Proviso, of abolishing slavery in the District
 of olumbia, of restricting the s ave trade,
 or mooring theses* of government to a fee
 State. To this there- was not a sinsJe
 dissent!
THE NORTH STAB.
ROCHESTER, DECEMBER U. IMB.
PiMU«*iß»tiee
 j Oh mm* aamber will HpTr- the flret tul
 |hk of ear paper- It is kaowa to om
 readers (hat the Nobtm Star is eatireiy iadrpua
 deal uf every Snooty, real is eqynctrd by ao
 orgaeisalme slalwir. The price ia two dollars
 per aaeam. When the tans ptid far hes expired,
 the paper is iovariebly stopped 1 s» that ae oae is
 ever sot jetted by ao to the aapirare wt possibility of
 beia« troobiedwiththe bill for papers whkh he does
 aot read, sad does aot araat. Tim ar, friends, ae
 don’t like to atop poor papers. There to ao pvt
 oar doty Bane unpleasant, aad which we woald ssere
 wittingly avoid, than that of stroking oat a name
 from the moil book. Very many of joo began with
 as at the beginning. We bare talked to yon week
 after week, andjua here become h ausM lauuare
 acquainted win. Do you aot with to continue
 aad make more intimate that acquaintance 1 Wa
 araat still to talk to yoa; bat caaaot afford to do so.
 Balsas yoa sapplyasaitb the means. It is aot
 aeedful to tell yon of the amount of good the .North
 Star has dose—of the prejudice it has overcome
 —the anti-slavery sentiment it baa disseminated—
 the recruits it has won to the ranks of Freedom the
 desire aad eCort for enlightenment aad tie rati a to
 which it has aroused the despised and oppressed,—
 of oil this you are yourseires competent judges.
 Friends, will yon aid us in this matter 1 Will you
 go with us through another year 1 If you wish to
 do so, send on your subscriptions through our agent,
 or by post, if there is no agent within reach, before
 the close of the year, and the llorth Star will
 continue to true upon you weekly, with increased
 and increasing brightness. Will you do this!
 The laborer s worthy of bis hiie.”
 (0* Money sent by post will be entirely at our
 risk; but we should like to hare current money,or
 as nearly so as possible.
The President's Message.
 The entire outside of this week’s paper is
 occupied with this ponderous and almost
 inteiminahle document. In venturing to pub
 lish it, we may have fallen in with a custom
 of the press which some of our read
 ers may think would havl been mowbonored
 in the breach than in the performance. But
 here it is, and we must make the best of it.
 This long and heavy paper is not us worthy
 of the class of state papers to which it be
 longs. It is marked and distinguished by all
 the peculiar features which have character
 ized nearly every modern rampage sent to
 Congress, with some additional features of
 the same genus On the threshhold, the
 reader is greeted with the same old veil of
 canting piety, thrown tastefully over Ameri
 can villany—the same disgusting self-glory,
 and Pharisaical thanking God that America is
 not like unto other nations—the same boastful
 display about our unparalleled prosperity and
 happiness—the same heartless contrast of our
 abundance, with the want and famine of other
 lands—the same palpable disregard of truth,
 and the same protestations of honesty and
 patriotic averments common to all political
 demagogues.
 James K. Polk well understands the char
 acter of the nation he represents —knows well
 their weaknesses, and how best to administei
 to them for his own interest. He hits there
 off after the most approved fashion iu this
 (we trust) his last annual message to an Ame
 rican Congress. Hear him:
 Peace, plenty and contentment reign
 throughout out borders, and our beloved
 country presents a sublime moral spcotaole tc
 the world.”
 “Peace, Plenty and Contentment Is
 this true Does peace reign throughout oui
 borders? and is there no cause for alarm
 There is no peace to the wicked,” saith mj
 God. Lay not, therefore, ibis flattering unc
 tion to your guilty soul. There are scattered
 throughout your borders, a sable army ol
 three millions, whose multiplied wrongs crj
 aloud to Heaven by day and by night for ven
 geance on this bloody land. The peace which
 you enjoy, is the stillness which precedes the
 earthquake A cloud overhangs your bor
 ders, charged with a fiery tempest. A mag
 azine is in the midst of you, which only need*
 the match of a foreign foe to shatter the na
 tion into fragments. Rest not, we beseech
 you, upon this deceitful peace. You are feed
 i ing an army in your midst—raising up a foe at
 your own doois, whose dark arms may yet
 I spread death and devastation throughout youi
 borders. Whips and chains will not always
 avail you. There are heaving hearts beneath
 your feet, more terrible than volcanic fires.
 There is upon your walls a man, like him
 who stood upon those of ancient Jerusalem,
 whose daily cry is, Woe! woe! woe to
 this guilty land. You may beat him with
 reeds, and bind him with cords, but this cry
 you can never silence till you break the fetters
 of the plundered bondmen. Until this is
 done, you will walk upon slippery rocks,while
 fiery billows roll beneath. Instead of crying
 peace, the President, as the watchman upon
 thd wall of state, should sound the alarm, and
 awake the nation to a sense of its insecurity,
 and call upon them to avert the impending
 destruction, by doing justice to these enslaved
 and insulted millions—to seek peace with this
 mighty army of internal foes.
 Our beloved country presents a sublime
 moral spectacle to the world f If to he dis
 tinguished for hypocrisy, lying, slaveholding
 and slavetrading, is to* present a sublime
 moral spectacle,” James K. Polk is right;
 for we are pre-eminent in all these respects.
 We are a sublime nation —sublime in our lave
 of libertv—sublime in our regard for justice
 sublime in oui notions of human brotherhood
 —sublime in our professions of religion—sub
 lime in our geographical extent —we are
 enveloped in sublimity, and exalted far above
 all other nations on the habitable globe How
 unutterably disgusting is all this parade about
 the sublimity of our position before the world,
 when, there is not an intelligent man in all
 Europe who does not feel that, as a nation,
 we are a band of the most unjust and hypo
 critical people on the globe. Who that
 reads the newspapers does not know {hat we
 aie a hissing and by-word among European
 nations, and (hat scarce a man ventures from
 the shores of this boasted land of liberty,who
 has any shame left, hot is ashamed to say
 that be is an American. But here is another
 hod-fuli;
 It is a subject of just pride, that our fame
 and character as a natron continues rapidly to
 advance in the estimation of the civilised
 world. To our wiaa and free institutions it is
 to be attributed, that while other nations have
 achieved glory at the price of the suffering,
 distress, and impoverishment of their people,
 we hare won our honorable position in th
 of an uruntatrnpted prosperity,and ot an
 increasing individual comfort and happiness.’
 One of the free institntions of this country
Tkw, by Cafooon, McDuffie,
 Himmeod aad Folk, i» regarded as the very
 hMP «f oor free institutions A nation d
 trafficker* to human fci horrid band d
 wwl nmogeia, whoue pockets aw hoed with
 gold coined oat of the warm blood of human
 hearts a nation of robbus “Tbogo w of thi
 worst type, not merely atrangknf the body,
 bat the aoals of immortal milliiii—
 of adultery, and murder, and every foal
 abomination swelling op with pride aod
 brasen front, aad daring before the light d
 heaven g talk of advancing rapidly 44 in
 the estimation of the cirlined world” Whtf
 audacious presumption —what monstrous aw
 suranee is here! Shame on the lying crew
 tare who coo Id alter it, and on all who can
 with patience listen to it.
 NV e thought of analysing this message at
 considerable length, but this brief commence
 ment has satisfied us that thw*«K)eruking
 were useless. The falsehood and abamelese
 nese of the whole message, so far tp it relates
 to the moral aspects of this nation, is so ap
 parent. that be who runs may read. We shall
 merely give our readers a glance at the leading
 features of the document, and leave each tu
 make his own conmiei&amp;s.
 A large pot lion of the massage is devoted
 to the recent war with Mexico—the military
 skill there displayed by pur officers, and the
 bravery of the rank and file—the proof this
 gives to the world of our military strength.—
 The vast rich and important territories gained
 by the war—an elaborate description of the
 character of these new acquisitions—the duty
 of the present Congress to provide territorial
 governments for California and New Mexico.
 The Missouri compromise is recommended—
 Slavery is pronounced the only dangerous
 question about establishing letritoria) govern
 ments. The Independent Treasury is extolled
 —a general argument is urged against Inter
 nal Improvements, Protection, Tariffs, dtc.,
 and the Veto Power is defended. The liter
 ary ability of the message is commendable,
 "and our readers will do well to read it, not
 withstanding its length. —F. d.
 The Annual Meeting.
 The call for it is in another column, and the
 i
 time for holding it is at hand. We look for
 ward to it with much interest. The present
 agitated state of the public mind, and the
 general posture of public affairs with respect
 to slavery, makes it unusually important for
 the friends of the slave in Western New
 York to meet and take counsel together, and
 to give to the world the result of their con
 sultation. While the minions qf slavery are
 active and energetic, contending for slavery
 and chains not only within fifteen States oi
 this Union, but are greedily clamoring foi
 having their foul curse extended to territory
 now free; while the church is extending the
 right hand of fellowship to slaveholders, and
 the pulpit is dumb over the wrongs*&gt;f fettered
 millions while the green-eyed monster, pro
 judice against color, is excluding innoceni
 children from respectable schools in our vert
 midst, and asserting its right to degrade the
 character and blast the hopes of unborn gen
 erations—it is meet that every man who hat
 a heart within his bosom, should be awake,
 and up and doing, to arrest this tide of injus
 tice and sea of wrongs. The annual meeting
 will afford an opportunity for striking a blow
 in this cause. Let us then rally at Rochester,
 on the 21st of December, and do true man’s
 work for humanity and freedom. The times art
 eloquent, and the theme inexhaustible. Ni
 man can be the loser for spending two days ir
 this service. Come, friends of the slave
 come from town, village, city and country—
 come, give us the countenance of your pres
 ence, and the aid of your counsel. Let nc
 abolitionist stay away who can come.
 Besides Joseph C. Hathaway, to whose elo
 quent pleadings for the slave most of you
 have often listened, we are most happy to say
 that our eloquent and philanthropic friend,
 Samuel J. Msy of Syracuse; also MiloD.Cod
 ding, Giles B. Stebbins, Dr. Chase, and F.
 Douglass, will be present on the occasion.
 We scarcely need say to our country
 friends, that the homes as well as the hearts
 of the friends of the slave iii Rochester, will
 be open to them. Trusting that you need no
 further urging, we leave the matter here, and
 shall go to the meeting on the 21st, confi
 dently hoping to see you all face to face, and,
 with the help of Heaven, to have our hearts
 warmed and spirits revived for a vigorous re
 newal of our efforts for emancipation the com
 ing year.—f. d.
 Rochester Anti-Slavery Fair.
 Among the many expedieuts adopted to
 raise the needful funds with*which to carry
 forward humane and reformatory objects, none
 have been more abundantly successful than
 Fairs. There is something in the taste, skill
 and industry displayed by those active in get
 j ting them up, which commands the respect
 1 even of those who have little or no sympathy
 with the objects they are designed to promote.
 There is something in the human beau, in its
 lowest condition, that must respond to earnest
 sincerity, though it may be evineed by thoee
 to whom that heart is opposed. When be
 nevolent women meet and work during eight
 and nine months in the year, turning away
 from fashionable pleasures, refusing to spend
 their leisure to serve their own interests, and
 devote themselves, in obscurity, to advaneing
 the well-being of the degraded and neglected
 slave, they give evidence of sincerity that
 ought and must receive encouragement in any
 enlightened community. This is tbc secret of
 the success of the Boston and Philadelphia
 Anti-Slavery Fain—both of which have ren
 dered the cause of human freedom the most
 signal aid. It Uie purchases in the Boston
 Baaaar had been wholly confined to thoee who
 call themselves abolitionists, the receipts of
 that Bazaar would have been small indeed.
 The fact is, however, that some of the
 largest purchasers who attended that Bazaar, j
 are penooa who make no profession of Anti-
 Slavery feeling. Bat for this, the Massachu
 setts Anti-Slavery Society, now the moat,
 efficient in the land, would in all probability
 hive languished, aad perhaps died. Yet to
 »to the benevolence of a few individuals in
 tod around Beaton, and mainly to the women
 »tnposmg the Bouton Fair Committee, that
 *e are indebted for the advanced pooitian of
 Vhaaaohnaettt an the subject of slavery.
 Oar in Banking these retfiarka, is to
 ;iiprem upon our friends and the public some
 idea of the Hasten ane which they may reader
 eaovo of the slave by attending and eft*!
 the youthful Anti-Slavery Fair, to j
be Mm it|h» city, at Conceit Hal), Stale
 •beet, ee the 90th aad 91st of the present
 ■lath. We" eel! upon all who desire to aee
 the soars!'seHtimeot of this eoeeuy Greeted)
 again* tbe ata of slavery, the slave redeemed
 from his galling chains, and the country re
 lieved from the deep disgrace which over
 hoags oar national character, to attend the
 approaching Fair, aad purchase the useful
 aad beautiful articles, the result of patient
 toil, and thereby render the Western New
 York Anti-Slavery Society the necessary
 means to do bn share towards the accum
 ptishment of these noble results:—r. o.
 Philadelphia, Nov. 38, 1840.
 Dana Sia :—We, the undersigned, of the
 city of Brotherly l4Hre, (disfranchised Ameri
 cans,) approving of the course pursued by
 yourself, Messrs. Remood, Garnet, Delany,
 and Brown, in the cause of humanity, the
 wronged elave, and the moral deration of our
 people, here taken it upon ourselves to give
 an eiprmkm, openly, of our opinion and
 sentiments, and thereby testify that we are
 with you, and of you. The comae pursued
 by yotueelf and the gentlemen above dtened,
 has not ooly won our esteem, but demands
 our moat lively gratitude, for the open and
 independent manner in which you have all
 battled with the “advene powers” in behalf
 of your oppressed and downtrodden brethren.
 We have, in consideration of the above facts,
 taken it upon ourselves to have the lithograph
 portraits of yourself and the other-named
 gentlemen struck off, to be bung up in oar
 parlors and the parlors of all men who are
 true to the bondman and not only to beau
 tify them, but to point them out to our child
 ren as the reformers who have marched in the
 forefront, battling for our rights as men and
 as Americans.
 We forward you on the portraits of your
 •self and Mr. Garnet, which you will please
 accept from us, and as we get out the rest,
 we will forward you one of each. You will
 please notice this through the North Star, tha 1
 our people may be induced to appreciate what
 appears to us a duty they owe to therasebres,
 the cause, aad the cause of the slave.
 Yours, ever truly,
 E. D. WILLIAMS,
 S. a NOUGHTS.
 No. 4, Alexander Street,
 Rochester, Dec. 15th, 1848.
 Gentlemen A six weeks absence from
 home, on an anti-slavery tour in New Eng
 land, and from which i have but just returned,
 will account to you for not having received an
 earlier response to your favor of Nov. Q 8;
 and will also be my apology for not soonei
 acknowledging the receipt of two elegantly
 framed portraits—one of my esteemed friend
 Henry Highland Garnet, and the other o
 myself.
 For this fresh expression and marked evi
 dence of your confidence and esteem, I beg
 yon to accept my heartfelt thanks. A presen
 of this kind, coming from another quarter
 might cause me some hesitation about accept
 ing it; but coming from yourselves, and sucl
 persons as yourselves, I accept it readily and
 gladly, and shall prize it highly.
 Your warm approbation and high applause,
 unlike that of the wicked, is not the reward
 of treachery, nor a bribe to apostacy. My
 faithfulness in dealing with the guilty slave
 holders, and their not less guilty minions in
 church and state, can receive no higher earthly
 sanction, than is found in the cordial approba
 tion of the oppressed. With a deep and
 earnest desire to merit your continued ap
 proval, and a solemn resolve to discharge mv
 whole duty to the enslaved—to devote mysell
 unreservedly to the improvement and elevation
 of the hated and disfranchised of this and all
 other lands—to defend the weak against the
 strong, the oppressed against the oppressor,
 the slave against the slaveholder—l beg again
 to return you my unfeigned thanks, accom
 panied with my ardent hopes that no change
 of circumstances which may hereafter occur,
 except a betrayal of the sacred cause of hu
 man freedom, shall take from me the warm
 consolations of your grateful approbation and
 applause.
 I am, gentlemen, with sentiments of grati
 tude and high esteem, your devoted serv’t,
 FREDERICK DOUGLASS.
 Messrs. E. D. Williams and S. D.
 Noughts.
 The Lynn Pioneer.
 The following is from the Lynn Pioneer
 and ‘Herald of Freedom, edited by George
 Brad burn, Esq. Mr. Bradbum does us no
 more than justice, to acquit us of intentional
 misrepresentation. The heads of bis speech
 were published last week in the North Star,
 copied from the minutes of the Secretary;
 and we may safely say, from those minutes,
 that at least one person who heard his speech
 besides ourself, received the same impression
 of his remarks which we We attempted
 no report of Mr. Brad burn’s speech, but
 merely stated the proposition which he aimed
 to prove, and one of the rales by which he I
 attempted to prove it.
 With respect to what we said of Mr. In-
 gall’s speech, we do not see that Mr. B.’a j
 statement of tbe case at all mends the matter,
 or convicts us of misrepresentation. Mr.!
 Bradbum says that he did not understandj
 Mr. Ingalls as making an effort to show that'
 wages slavery was as bad as chattel slavery
 but that he did understand him to say, that
 wages slavery is potentially as bad as chattel
 slavery.”
 With all respect to Mr. Bradbnrn, we
 must say that we are unable to see the dis
 tinction here attempted, and must wait for
 more light.—r. d.
 Another Account or the Providence
 Meeting.—See, in another column, tbe ao-,
 count given by the North Star of the late an
 nual meeting of the R. I. Anti-Slavery So- r
 eiety. We cannot exclaim, “How brightly j
 shines that Star” oo this subject. But we
 do assure our readers, —though We are quite
 aware of tendering the assurance almost at
 the expeaee of seeming to think they must
 have fancied onto have lost what little of
 common sense we ever had, —that our speech
 m that meeting was better understood, and
 better appreciated, by some others who did
 n the honor of listening to our remarks, than
 it would seem to have been by Mr. Douglass
 sad. had say of those “ethers 1 attempted a re
 port of it, we will not permit ourselves to doubt,
 that the speech had boon better reported, also.
 Wo do not affirm, that Mr. D.’s shabby ac
 count of our remarks was intentional. We
 ptefer to believe, he gave little attention to
 what we said. We would certainly forswear
 til farther speaking in public, did we suppose
 missives likely to be so ill understood by any
 considerable number of our hearers, as we ap-
Kr t« have been by the editor of tbo North
 r.
 Mr. Ingalb, of the New York Landwerk,
 the gentleman alluded to in (be article on
 which we are remarking, os a “Mr. logits.”
 “editor of Young America,” fcree ecarre bet
 ter, than our bumble tdm, at the bands of
 Mr. Douglass. To oa, it waa not an exceed
 ingly “difficult to think the speaker booeet.”
 And we are very ante he showed himself to be
 any thing but a fool. If any “arrant non
 sense” waa uttered in that meeting, we hare
 a notion it came from another quarter. We
 did not understand Mr. Ingalls as making “an
 effort to show that wages slavery is as bad as
 chattel slavery.” We did, however, tinder
 stand him to say, that “wage# slavery”
 potentially, as had aa chattel slavery; and to
 place the wroog, not of ones owning or oc
 cupying-a piece of bod, but of bed-monopo
 ly, “on the same footing as holding property
 in man.” And we freely acknowledge, that
 we listened to both of those statements with
 out feeling, that either was a prodigious tav
 oo oar “patience.” Indeed, our causality is
 not big enough to sec why, if bed-mono poly,
 or “wages slavery,” is a wrong, it should nut,
 in common with every other viilany, bn
 “placed on the same footing an holding prop
 erty in man.” Neither do we sec, with great
 dearness, though aided by the steady ligh tof
 the North Star, that Mr. Ingalb sinned enor
 mous)) against common sense, in suggesting,
 that truthfulness to the principle of justice, on
 which' Abolitionists professedly base their
 action against Negro slavery, demands, that
 they endeavor something for the removal of
 other atrocious viobtknw of that principle.
 Nay, it seems to us, that the poor white man
 is well nigh justified in cherishing the fancy
 many such a man is known to cherish, that
 the “philanthropy” is a little partial, which
 makes such a terrible for Negro
 emancipation, while laming up its benevolent
 nose at the efforts of those who seek a more
 universal emancipation. But it is no part of
 our business to defend the editor of the land
 mark. “He is of age and can speak for him
 self.”
Another Picture of the Model Republic.
 Punch continues to notice the Model
 Republic.” In a November number of that
 witty periodical, we have American profession
 versus practice finely illustrated. In a large
 picture, occupying a whole page, is a whip*
 ping-post, with the emaciated form of a mis
 erable slave tied to it, over whose naked
 shoulders a figure of Liberty, in a dress or
 namented with stars and stripes, is brindish
 ing a cat-o’-nine-tails. An American gentle
 man, with a musket under his arm, in the act
 I of taking a cud of tobacco, is overlooking
 j the flogging, and taking care that it is well
 administered. While this is in progress, he
 exclaims, in the genuine spirit of braggadocio
 for which our i chile fellow-countrymen are
 notorious—“ O, ain’t we a deal better than
 I other people I guess we’ie a most splendid
 example to them thunderin’ old monarchies.”
 The title of the picture is, Liberty, equal
 ity, fraternity and it is dedicated to the
 smartest nation m all creaoon.”— f. d.
 To our Philadelphia Friends.— -We re.
 gret to say that our home duties will deny us
 the pleasure which we anticipated, in meeting
 I with them during Christmas week. We have
 been so much from home, during the past four
 j months, that many weeks will be required to
 I enable us to get level with our work.—lt
 shall not, however, be long before we shall
 again be among our friends in the city of Bro
 therly Love.— f. d.
 Samvel R. Ward has become the Assist
 ant Editor of the Northern Star and Colored
 Farmer.” We congratulate the readers of
 paper upon this important acquisition
 i Mr. Ward has a warm heart, a clear bead,
 j and wields an able pen, and if he brings bis
 j energies to act upon the public mind through
 j this channel, the paper cannot fail to be an
 important auxiliary to the cause of the slave
 at the South, and of the nominally free col
 ored man of the North. The Northern Star
 and Colored Farmer has our sinceiest wishes
 for abundant success under this new arrange
 ment.—F. D.
 Henry Highland Garnet is making him
 self serviceable to his fellow-men this winter
 in Geneva, where he keeps school during the
 I week and preaches on Sundays. While we
 are glad that Geneva is to have the benefit of
 I his teachings this winter, wo cannot but re
 gret that he has not a wider sphere for use
 fulness. Wo hope his connection with the
 I school and church will not prevent him from
 occasional anti-slavery excursions in the coun
 try. Being directly on a line of railway, we
 hope'he will often find it convenient to visit
 Rochester.— f. d.
 Wilmington, Del., Nov. 30, 1848
 Dear Douglass -I arrived here last eve
 ning from Lancaster County, Pa., and shall
 hold a meeting among the colored people to
 morrow evening, there being no earlier oppor
 tunity to do so. In the meantime, I shall call
 upon the tew professed abolitionists in the
 place, and solicit subsciibeis to the North
 Star.
 On the 20th, 21st and 22d, I held meetings
 in York, Pa., assisted by Rev. John J. Moore,
 an excellent man, where a fine feeling and
 excellent interest was awakened in the condi
 tion of our people and the sustenance of iht
 North Star. The people in York are quite
 industrious and intelligent, many of them be
 ing freeholders, and several excellent mechan
 ic** doing business for themselves. Two oi
 the best bool and shoemakers in the place ire
 colored men; and it is conceded by many,
 that as good a tailor in every respect as the
 town affords, is a young colored mechanic,
 who was raised and learned his trade in York.
 These mechanics 1 have seen, and examined
 many of their workmanship, and
 •o far as my judgment goes, in the style sod
 oca loess of work, they were inferor to none
 that I have seeu anywhere. There is also u
 carpenter among our brethren in this place, a
 fine workman.
 One coloied gentlemau, Mr. Guodridge, tn
 additidn to other small branches of business
 carried on, owns a train of eight or ten freight
 cars of the first dans, running between York
 and Philadelphia, doing good hustossn, and a
 small warehouse in the former place in s de
 pository for merchandise.
 There is a good sehool here, taught by
 Mr. G. 1. Good ridge, who w also eierk for
 his father, and quite ayouogmao, but one of
 excellent deportment and highly exemplary
 character. The pupils under the charge of
 Mr. Good ridge, were examined on several of
 the minor branches, and promise well for fu
 ture usefulness and should Mr. G. who ias
 f «y intelligent and well-qualified gentleman,
 but persevere and keep paoe with the march
 of improvement and reform, be may prove a
 meat useful instrumentality in rearing op the
 young of Yeafh foe paniiioau of future uaa

