b xw **y lv mnnilm,
 5.d&gt;,6.&gt;4,563 &lt;9, being a maeh larger sura than
 was ever before nerved from dutiaa daring
 any equal period
 teclive and prohibitive deli**, the revenue bae
 been increased, ud ihe tazea on the people bare
 been diminished. They have been relieved from
 the heavy amount* with which they were bur
 ihened nuder former law*, in the form of increa
 sed prices or bonotiew, paid ta favored claeaea aad
 pa resits.
 The prediction* which were made that the tariff
 act oi 1646 would reduce the amonat of revenue
 beiow that collected under the act of IMS, and
 would proeu«te a the buaiueo* and deolroy the pros
 perity of the country, hare not been verified.—
 With an increased and increasing revenue, the fi
 nance are in a highly flourishing condition. Ag
 riculture, commerce and navigation are prosper
 ou« Hie prices of manufactured fabrics aad eth
 er product* are much leas injuriously affected than
 was to have beau anticipated from the naprece
 deulrd trvrlaioo* which, during the peat and lh«
 present year, have overwhelmed the iodoetry and
 paralysed the credit and commerce of so many
 great aud enlightened nations of Europe.
 Severe commercial ntvnltions abroad have alwayi
 operated heretofore to &lt;Upre*« ud often to effect d»»
 attcouUy almost every breach of American indwvjr
 The temporary depression of n portion of oar manafoc
 luring interests it the effect of foreign cant**, end It fa
 let* t-vere then hat prevailed on all former limiter uc
 cat. oat.
 1 1 it believed that, looking to the great aggregate of al
 oar Intercut, the whole wm never mure protperous thm
 at he present per.ud. and never more rapidlr advsnein
 in wealth »n.t population Neither the fiaetca war l
 which we have been involved, nor the loan which hav
 ahtortied to large a portion of our capital, nor th* cow
 mercial revuitfon in ,&lt;&gt;reat Britain ht 1817. nor the pi
 ralytit of credit and commerce throughout Europe i
 1 have nffeeted injurtootly to any country or arret
 cd our onward march to grcatnewi, wealth and power.
 Had the disturbance* m Europe not occurred, oar coo
 luerce would undoubtedly have been ttill more extendi
 rd. and would hav* added itiii more to the naiuri
 wealth and public prosperity. Ilul notwithsteadiu
 the*e ditturbances, the operation! of the revenue systei
 C’labltthed br the UnIT act of 1H46 have been to genei
 ally benefice! to the government aad the buslaetsof th
 country', that no change in it* provitiont it deemed ad
 vital.ls by a wm public |«,licy. and none it recon
 ■needed.
 The operationt of (he constitutional treatary, e*tal
 lithed by tbs act of the Cthof Auyutt. 1816. tn th* n
 ceipt. custody aad ditburtement ut th# public moee]
 have continued tol« successful Under this tyitem th
 puMiC (iotneet have been carried through a foreign wt
 involving the necessity of loant and extraordinary ei
 penUilarcar.d requiring dittant frantfert aud ditbu h
 iuo.it* without einbayrtitmentt, and no lon hat occui
 red of any vf (be public money deposited under Us prt
 vision* Whist it ho* proved to be tale and titsful I
 the government, it* effort* bn* been most beneficial u|
 un the liUiinessof the country. It hat tended powei
 lull)' to secure nn exemption from that Inflation an
 fluctuation of (hr p-i|«er currency so injurious to domei
 nc industry, and rendering so uncertain the reward c
 labor, and. it is believed, has largely contributed to pre
 serve the w hole country from a serious commercial r&lt;
 volution, inch at often occurcd under the bank deposit
 system In the year li*f7, there wa* a revulsion in th
 business of Ureal Britain of great extent and intensity
 which was followed by failures in that kingdom unpn
 edentfd in uuinber anil amount of losses. This it bt
 ut*ved lo he the first instance where such disastron
 baukruptcic*. occurring in a country with which w
 have such extensive trade or currency, we remained b
 little irt'.c:*', in our money market aid our business an
 industry was still prot[ierous and progressive.
 lrurtng the present year nearly the whole contioei
 hat been convulsed by civil war* and revolutions, an
 attended by numerous bankruptcies, by an uupreceden
 id tall in their public securities, and an almost univei
 sal ptralysis of commerce and tnduttr) and yet, a
 though our trade and prices ot onr products must hav
 been somewhat unfavorably aliened by these cautes
 we have esrajted a revision of our money market I
 comparatively easy and public and private credit ha’-i
 advanced and improved.
 It l* c infidently believed that we have been save
 front these effects by the salutary ojierations of the cot
 stltutional treasury. It i* certain that if the 24, 000,01
 ol specie duiported into the country during the fisci
 year eliding on the 3t)ih June, 1847, had gone into th
 bangs to a great extent it must have done, it wool
 in the absence of this s stern, have been made the basi
 of augmented bank |&gt;a[ier. and issued, probably, to a
 amount not lets than sixty or seventy millions of dollar,
 producing, as an Inevitable consequent*: of an Inflate
 currency extravagant prices for a time, and wild »|ieci
 I ttion. which must have been followed on the reflux I
 Kuriqie, the succeding year of so much of that specie b
 ibe prostration of the
 business of the country, the sUgpen
 non of the hanks, and most extensive bankrupt
 cies. Occurring, as this would have done, at
 period when the country was engaged in a foreigi
 war when confidernhle loans ol specie were re
 quired for distant disburseiuents, and when thi
 the hanks, the fiscal agents of th** government
 and the depositories of its money were suspended
 the public credit must have gunk, and many mil
 lions of dollars, as was the case during the war o
 1812,must have been sacrificed in discounts upoi
 loans, and upon the depreciated paper currency
 which the government would have been compellei
 to use.
 Under the operations of the constitutional treas
 ury, uot a dollar lias been lost by the deprecialio
 of the currency. The loans required to proaecut
 the war with Mexico, were negotiated by tl;
 Secretary of the Treasury above par, realizing
 large premium to the government. The restraii
 ing effect of the system upon the tendencies lo er
 reasive paper issues by banks has saved the got
 eminent from heavy losses, and Thousands of ot
 business men from bankruptcy and ruin. Th
 w isdom of the system lias been tested, by the ex
 perience of the last tw'o years and it is the dictat
 of sound policy that it should remain undisturbet
 The modifications in some of the details of th:
 measure, involving none of its essential principle)
 heretofore recommended, are again presented ft
 your favorable considerat'on.
 In my message of the sixth of July last, tram
 nutting to Congress the ratified treaty of peac
 with Mexico, I recommended the adoption t
 measures for the speedy payment of the publi
 yebt. In reiterating that recommendation, I reft
 tou to the considerations presented in that ines
 sage in.its support.- The public debt, includin
 hat authorized to be negotiated, in pursuance t
 existing laws, and including treasury notes, am’l
 ed, at that time, to sixty-five millions seven hun
 dred and seventy-eight thousand four hundred an
 fifty dollars and forty-one cents.
 Funded stock of the United States, amount in
 to about half a million of dollars, has been pui
 chased, as authorized by law, since that periot
 and the public debt lias thus been reduced th
 details of which will be presented in the annu*
 report of the Secretary of the Treasury.
 'l’lte estimates of expenditures for the next fie
 cal year,submitted by the Secretary of the Treas
 ury, it it believed, will be ample for all necessar;
 purposes. If the appropriations made by Congres
 -ball not exceed the amount estimated, the mean
 in thejLrewstfty will be sufficient to defray all th
 Ptpenses of the government; to pay off the nei
 installment of three millions of dollars to Mexico
 which will fall due on the thirtieth of May next
 and still a considerable surplus will remain, whic]
 should be applied to the further purchase of th
 public stock and reduction of the debt. Shoul
 enlarged appropriations be made, the necessar
 consequence w ilf l»e to postpone the payment o
 the debt. Though our dAt as compared witl
 that of most other nations, is small, it is our tru
 policy, and n harmony with the genius of our in
 sntutiouH, that we should present to the world th
 rare spectacle of a great republic, possessing vas
 resources, and wealth, wholly exempt from publi
 indebtedness. Tin* would add still more to ou
 strength, aud give to us a still more eontmandini
 position among tie nations of the earth.
 'File public expenditures should be econoruica
 aud be confined to such neeessary objects as ar
 dearly within the powers of Congress. All sue]
 as are. not absolutely demanded should be postpone:
 and the payment of the public debt at the earlise
 practicable period should be a cardinal principle«
 our public policy.
 For the reason assigned in ray last annual mes
 sage.l repeat the recommendation that a brand
 ol the mint ol the United States be be establish
 ed at the rity of New-York The importance o
 this niraj-urc is greatly increased by the acqtiisi
 lion ol the uch mines ot the precious metals ii
 New Mexico aud aiitugma, and especially in the
 'latter,
 rejrcat the recommendation heretofore made
 ill favor ol the graduation aud reduction of tbt
 price ol such ol the public lands as have bee:
 long offered in the market, and have remain*:
 unsold, and in favor ol extending the tights of pre
 einptton to actual settlers on the an
 as well as the surveyed lands.
 'Fite condition and op thr army ant
 the state of other branches ot the public aervici
 nmler the supervision ot the War Department ,*ri
 satisfactorily presented in the accompanying repor
 of the Secretary ot War.
 Ou the return of peace, our force* were with
 diawu front Mexico, and the volunteers, and tha
 ponton of the regular army engaged for the wa
 were disbanded. Orders have been issued lor eta
 t louing the forces of our permanent ettabliahmen
 at various positions in our extended country,when
 1 1 ootiB may be required. Owing to the remote
 m s-of wmie of these positions, the detachment
 have uot yet reached tlieir Notwitb
 standing the exteoaion of the limit* of our coun
 try and the force* required in the new territories
 it is confidently believed that our present military
 cntubliaiiment i« sufficient for all exigencies, a&lt;
 long as our peaceful relations remain undisturbed.
 Of the amount of unitary contrihutinoa online
 ted ra Mexico, the aura of seven bundrod and six
 ty iiine thousand tix hundred and fifty dollars ami
 applied towards the payiuaut of the first UMtsl
 meot dus under the treaty with Mexico. Tha
forth* faro of three hundred aad forty-«x thee
 wed three haadred aad sixty-aia* Men aad
 thirty e*ai« haa haae paid iata the traaaary, aed i
 unexpended balaacw atall rewaia ia the baada *f
 the dwbnreiag sfficera aad thaw who are eagaged
 ia the coUectioa of thaw moneys. Altar tha pea-!
 cl am stum of peace, ao farther ddbaanmaafo anew.
 I eaade af any eaexpeaded aweeye ariaiag hw
 thiraoarce. The balaaeee ea head arere Greeted
 te be paid rate the tnaaary, aad iadnidaai clattna'
 ao the feed win raiaaia eaadjeatad aatit Ceagreaa
 •hall aatheriaa their aetlleareat aad paymsat.— I
 Thew claims are aet caawdarable ia aamber or
 awaeat
 1 recotmDaad te year fareraUe eaaaidaretiaa
 I the aaggaatieaa ef the BeereUry af War aad the
 Secretary of the Navy ia regard te legislation ea
 thia subject.
 Oar Indian relaUeoa are prraaated ia a and
 favorable view ia the report from the War De
 partment. The wiadaaa ef ear policy ia regard
 to the in bee wuhta ear iiaaita ia clearly meaifeeted
 by their improved aad rapidly improviag ceodi
 tioa.
 A moat importaat treaty with the Menomwiee
 haa been recently negotiated by the Commwaioaer
 of ladian Affaire ia pareoo, by which all their
 land in tba State ef Wtseoaoia—being aboat fear
 milliona of acrao—has boon ceded te tb# United
 Stale*. Thia treaty will be wbmitied to the Sen*
 ale for ratification at an early periad of yoor pre
 aont aeaaioD.
 i Within the l Mi four yeare, eight impurusl treaties
 have been ne«otiatcd with dUbreal Indian tribes, aad at
 5 acott of *1,84*, WO; Indian iaUs to the sswust of wore
 than ie.SOO.WO acres have been coded to the t’. Staten;
 aad proviatoa haa heea made for neaiiac ia the coaauy
 west of tbs MlasUatpct, tbs tribes which occupied this
 large eileni of the public do wain. The title to all the
 Indian land* within the severel Staten of oar Uelon,
 1 with the exception of a few natall i«j narration*, is bow
 nxtiogttUbnd. and a vnnt region opened for snttletacnt
 tad caltlration.
 I The nccotapaayiag report of the Hncretary of Urn Nnvy
 gives a satisfactory exhibit of the opera lions aad coadi
 j tion of that breach of the public service.
 A number of small vessels suitable lor entering the
 mouihx of rivers were judiciously pare based during the
 1 wnr. and gave great e&amp;eiency to the squadron in the
 Gulf of Mexico. On the return of peace, when no l«ag
 er valonbte for naval purposes, aad liable to constant dt
 tertoraiioo, they ware sold, aad tho aWty placed ia the
 Treasury
 The aamber of men in the naval service authorised by
 law daring the wnr, ban been reduced by discharges be
 low the maximum fixed for the peace establishment.—
 r Adequate squadrons are maintained in the several quar
 ters of tha globe where experience has shown their ser
 vices may bn most usefully employed; aed the naval ser
 vice was never in n condition of higher diseiplinnor great
 er efficiency.
 1 invite attention to the recommendation of
 the Secretary of the Navy on the subject of the
 marine corps. The reduction of the corps at the
 f end of the war requires that onr officer* of each
 of the three lower grades should be dropped from
 the rolls. A board of officers made the selection;
 I and those designated were necessarily dismissed,
 i bat without any alleged fault. I concur in opin
 ion with the Sectary, that the service would be
 improved by reducing the number of landsmen,
 and increasing the marines. Such a measure
 would justify an increase ol the number of officers
 to the extent of the reduction by dismissal, and
 t still the corps would have fewer officers than a
 1 j corresponding number of men in die army.
 The contracts for the transportation of the
 mail in steamships convertible into war steamers,
 promise to realize all the benefits to our commerce
 and to the navy which were anticipated. The
 first steamer thus secured to the government was
 launched in January, 1847. There are nowsev
 -1 en and in another year there will, probably, be
 not less than seventeen afloat. While this great
 1 national advantage is secured, our social and com
 mercial intercourse i 9 increasedjand promoted with
 J Germany. Great Britain and other parts of Eu
 i rope, with all the countries on the West Coast of
 our Confluent, especially with Oregon and Califor
 -1 nia, and between the northern and southern sec
 tions of the United States. Considerable revenue
 may be expected from postage; bill the connected
 line from New-York to Chagres,and thence across
 the isthumus to Oregon, cannot fail to exert a
 beneficial influence, not now to be estimated, on
 the interest of the manufactures, commerce, navi
 gation and currency of the United Stales. As an
 j important part of the system, I recommend to
 t your favorable consideration the establishment of
 the proposed line of steamers between New-Or
 leansand Vera Crux. It promises|the most happy
 results to cementing friendship between the two
 republics,and in extending reciprocal benefits to the
 j trade and manufactures of both,
 i The report of the Postmaster Geneial will make
 i known to you the operations of that department for the
 |iast year. It is gratifying to find the revenues of the tie
 1 partment, under the rates of postage now established by
 law, so rapidly increasing. The gross'amount of post
 i ares during the last fiscal year, amounted to feur million
 three hundred and seventy-one thousand and seventy
 seven dollars, exceeding the annual average received foi
 the nine years immediately preceding the passage of th&lt;
 i act of the third of March, 1846, by the sum of six thou
 sand four hund'ed and fifty- three dollars, and exeeedini
 the amount received for the year ending the 30th June
 1847, by the sum of four hundred nnd twenty five thou
 sand one hundred and eighty-four dollars. The expen
 r! dltnres for the year, including the sum ef ninety fnui
 thousand six hundred and seventy two dollars, allowei
 by Congress at its last session to individol claimants,tun
 1 including the snm of one hundred thonsand five bun
 Id red dollars, paid for the services of the line of steameri
 between Uremen and New York, amounted to four mill
 ions one hundred and ninety-eight thousand eight hun
 1 dred and forty five dollars, which is less than the anno
 al average for the nine years previous to the act of 1845
 by three hundred thousand seven hundred and forty
 eight dollars.
 The mail routes, on the thirtieth day of June
 last, were one hundred and sixty-three thousanc
 two hundred and eight miles in extent —being ar
 increase during the last year of nine thousanc
 three hundred and ninety miles. The mails wen
 transported over them, during the same time, forty
 one million twelve thousand five hundred ant
 seventy-nine miles—making an increase of trans
 portation for the year of two million one hundrec
 and twenty-four thousand six hundred and eight]
 j miles, whilst the expense was less than that of th«
 previous year by four thousand two hundred ant
 thirty-five dollars.
 The increase in the mail transportation wiihir
 tin last three years has been five million threi
 hundred and seventy-eight thousand three linn
 dred and ten miles, whilst the expenses were re
 duced four hundred and fifty-sixthousand sever
 hundred and thirty-eight dollars—making ai
 increase of service at tha rate of fifteen per cent
 and a reduction io the expenses of more thar
 i fifteen percent.
 During the past year there have been employed
 i under contracts with the Post Office Department
 two ocean steamers in conveying the mails month
 ly between New York and Bremen, and one
 since October last, performing simi-monthly ser
 vice l&gt;etween Charleston and Havana; and i
 contract has been made for the transportation o
 the Pacific mails across the isthmus from Chagrei
 to Panama.
 i Under ths authority given to the Secretary ol
 the Navy, three ocean steamers have been con
 structed and sent to the Pacific, aud are expectat
 to enter upou tho mail aorvico between Panami
 and Oregon, and the intermediate ports, on the
 first of January next, and a fourth has been en
 gaged by him for the service between Havana
 and Chagree; so that a regular monthly mai
 will be kept up after that lime between the Unit
 ed Staton and our territoriee on tbe Pacific.
 Notwithstanding thia great incraaeo in tbs'mai,
 service, should the reveuuo continue to increase
 the pressut year an it did in the last, there will b&lt;
 received near four hundred and fifty, thousand
 dollars more than the expenditurea.
 These couaid*rations have satisfied, the Pool
 mastor General that, with certain modifiealioua ol
 the aci of 1845, the revenue may be etill furthei
 I increased, aud a reduction of {Milage* made to a
 uu form rate of five centa, without an intarfoveaca
 with the principle, which haa been constantly
 and properly enforced, of /asking that department
 sustain itself.
 A well-digested cheap postage system is the
 ben means of diffusing intelligence among tbe
 people, and is of so much importance in a country
 so extensive as that of the United States, that I re
 commend to your favorable consideration the sug
 gestions of the General for its improve
 ment.
 Nothing can retard the onward progress of our
 country, and prevent us from assuming and mdin
 -1 t.-iimny the first rank among nations, but adisre-
 I gard ot the experience of the past, aud the recur
 ram-e to an unwise public policy. We have jusl
 1 clorfd a foreign war by an honorable peace—a
 war rendered necessary and unavoidable in vindi
 cation of the national rights aad booor. The
 present condition of the country is j B sane
 respects to that which existed immediately after
 the close of tbe war with Great Britain in 1815,
 aoJ the occasion is deemed to be a proper one to
 take a retrospect of the measures of public policy
 whi-h toilowed that war. There was at that pe
 riod of our history, a departure from our earlier
 policy. The enlargement of the powers af the
 federal government by coostncUou,which obtain
 ed, wife not warranted by any just interpretation
 of that war, a aeries of measures wss adopted.
 whf h united aad combined, constituted what was
 term'd by ibeir author* and advocates the “Amer
 ican system.”
 1 Tha introduction af tha new policy wss far a
 tuns fevored by tha eooditma af tbs couatey by
 tha bsavy debt which had bssa coatraetad dating
 ths war, by tbs dspressiso of (ha public credit;
by Hi* deranged stale ef the finances ud the eer-
 NM*;iad by lb# ctwinmod ud peeasiary
 snihanamnirnt wtiieh titoiiwly pnnM
 Thee* war* iui Um Duly e»ww which M to rts
 Htttlahawt The m»to of the «v with Gnat
 fcftwn, m&lt; Um embartwsmenir which bad at
 loaded it* praNOotkro. bad loft «a tbe minds of
 goflraoxot woo aot strang aaongh, ud that to
 vM its rooooroM neocorfotty io groat emergno
 an. ud npooiotty io war, mare power ohoold
 bo concentrated io bio hands. This iacrreesd
 power tboy did Dot oook to obtaia by tbo legiti
 mate tod prescribed mod*—on inadawat of tbo
 Cooodtnt.ua —but by eeootroetioo. Tboy nw
 government* io tbo old world booed upea different
 erdoro of oocietf, and n constituted ao to throw
 tbo whole power of notions iaU tbo bands of a
 few, who taxed and controlled tbo many wit boot
 responsibility or restraint. la that srraaf loot,
 they conceived tbo strength of cations in war
 consieted.
 There was afeo something faociaating in tbo
 •see, laxary, and display of tbo bighor order*,
 who drew tbeir wealth from tbo labor of the la
 boring million*. Tbo aothora of ibe-syrtem draw
 beir ideoa of politienl economy from wbnt tboy
 bad witoosoed in Eoropo, and pecnliarfy-ia Groat
 Britain. They had Tie wed the enormous wealth
 concentrated in few bands, and had seen tbo
 splendor of the overgrown establishments of aa
 aristdbracy which was apbold by tbo restrictive
 policy. Tb«y forgot to look down upon tbo poo
 rer clsooos of Iho English population, upon wbooo
 daily and yeaily labor the groat aotabliabmonto
 they so much admired were sootained and tap
 ported. They failed to perceive that tbo scantily
 fed and half clad operatives were not only in ab
 ject poverty, bot were bound in chains of oppres
 sive servitude for the benefit of fovorrd classes,
 wbo were the exclusive objects of the ears of tha
 government.
 It was not possible to reconstruct society in tbo
 United States upon the European plan. Hare
 there was a written constitution by which orders
 and titles were net recognixod or tolerated. A
 system of measures was therefore devised, calcu
 lated, if not intended, to withdraw lower gradu
 ally and ailaotly from the States and the mats oi
 the people, and by construe lion to approximate
 our government to the European models, substi
 tuting an aristocracy of wealth for that of orders
 aud titles.
 Without reflecting upon the dissimilarity ofoor
 institutions, end of the condition of the people and
 those of Europe, they conceived the vain idea of
 building up in the United Slates a system similar
 totlliat which they admired abroad. Great Brit
 ain had a national bank of large capital in whose
 hands was concentrated the controlling momen
 tary aud financial power of the nation an insti
 tution wielding almost kingly power, and exerting
 vast influence upon all the operation's of trade,
 and upon the policy of the government itself.—
 Great Brisaiu had an enormous public debt, and
 it had become a part of her public policy to re
 gard this a public blessing.” Great Britaiu had
 also a restrictive policy, which placed fetters and
 burdeua on trade, and trammelled the productive
 industry of the inass ol the nation. By ber com
 bined system of policy, the landlords aud other
 property-holders ware protected and snriched by
 the enormous taxes that were levied upon the la
 bor of the country for tbeir advantage.
 Imitating this foreign policy, the first step in es
 tablishing the new system in the United States was
 the creation of a national bank. No foreseeing
 the dangerous power and countless evils which
 such an institution might entail on the country, nor
 perceiving the connexion which it was designed to
 form between the bank and the other branches ol
 the miscalled “American system,” but feeling the
 embarrassments of the treasury, and of the busiuess
 ot the country, consequent upon the war, some ot
 our statesmen who had held different and sounder
 view's were induced to yield their scruples, and,
 indeed, settled convictions of its unconstitutionally,
 and to give it their sanction, as an expedient which
 they vainly hoped might produce relief, It was a
 ino-&gt;t unfortunate error, as the subsequent history
 and final catastrophe of that dangerous and cor
 rupt institution have abundantly proved. The
 bauk, w ith its numerous branches ramified into the
 States, soon brought many of the active political
 and commercial men in different sections of the
 country into the relation of debtors to it, and de
 pendants upon it for pecuniary favors thus diffus
 ing throughout the mass of society a great number
 of individuals of power and influence to give tone
 to public opinion, and to act in concert in cases ol
 emergency The corrupt power of such a political
 engine is np longer a matter of speculation, having
 been displayed in numerous instances, but most
 signally in thk political struggles 1842-’3 ’4, in op
 position to the public will represented by a fearless
 and patriotic President.
 But the bank was but one branch of the new
 system. A public debt of more than one hundred
 and twenty millions of dollars existed and it is
 not to be disguised that many of the authors ol
 the new system did not regard its speedy pryment
 as essential to the public prosperity, but looked
 upon its continuance as no national evil. Whilst
 the debt existed, it furnished aliment to the nation
 al bank, and rendered increased taxation nessesa
 ry to the amount of the interest, exceeding seven
 millioni of dollars annually.
 This operated in harmony with th* next branch
 of the new system, which was a high protective
 tariff. This w r as to afford bounties to favored
 classes and particular pursuits at the expense oi
 i all others. A proposition to tax the whole peo
 -1 pie for the purpose of enrichiug a few, was too
 monstrous to be openly made. The scheme was,
 therefore, vailed under the plasible but delusive
 pretext of a measure to protect home industry-,”
 and many of our people were, for a time, ied to
 believe that a tax which in the main fell upon labr,
 was for the benefit of the laborer who paid it.—
 This branch of the system involved a partnership
 between the government and the favored classes
 —the former receiving the proceeds of the tax
 imposed on articles imported, and the latter the in
 creased price of similar articles produced at home,
 caused by aubh a taa.
 It is obvious that the portion to be received by
 the favored classes would, as a general rule, be
 increased in proportion to the increase of the rates
 of tax imposed, and diminished as those rates
 were reduced to the revenue standard required by
 the wants of the gouerument. The rates required
 to produce a sufficient revenue for the ordinary ex
 penditures of “ovemment, for necessary purposes,
 were not likely to give to the private partners in
 this scneine profits sfficient to satisfy their cupidi
 ty and hence a variety of expedients and pretexts
 were resorted to for the pupose of enlarging the
 j expenditures, and thereby creating a necessity for
 keepiug up a high protective tariff The effect
 of this policy was to interpose artificial restrictions
 upon the natural course of the busioess and trade
 of the country, and to stance the interests of large
 capitalist* an monopoHßs, at the expense of the
 great mass of the people, who we're laaed to in
 crease their wealth-
 Another branch of this system was a compre
 hensive echeme of internal improvements, capa
 ble of indefinite enlargement, and sufficient to
 swallow up as many millions annually as coaid
 be exacted from tbe foreign commerce of the
 country. Th a was a convenient aud uecemary
 adjuuct to the protective tariff. It waa to be the
 great absorbent of any surplus which might at
 auy time accumulate io the treasury, and of tbe
 taxee levied on tho people, not for necessary rev
 enue purposes, but for the avowed object of affor
 ding protection to the favored classes.
 Auxiliary to the same end, if it waa not an es
 sential part of the system ilself, was tbe scheme
 which, at a later period, obtained, for distributing
 tbe proceeds of the sale* of tbe public land* among
 th* stale*. Other expedients war* devised to
 tak* money out of the treasury and preveut its
 coming in from any other source than the protec
 tive tariff. The authors* and supporters of tho
 system were the advocates of the largest expend
 itures, whether for tecaseary or useful purpose*
 or not, because the larger tbe expenditure* lb*
 greater wee the pretext for high taxmia tbe form
 of protective duties.
 These several measures were sustained by pop
 ular name* and plausible arguments, by which
 thousand* were deluded, The beak wee repre
 sented to be indtapeneible fiscal agent for the gov
 ernment was to equalize eachankes, and to regu
 late and furnish a sound currency, always and
 every where of uniform value. The protective
 tariff was to give employment to American labor’
 at advance prices was to protect ‘home industry/
 and furnish a steady market for tbe farmer. In
 ternal improvements were to bring trade into every
 neighborhood, and enhance tbe value of every
 man’s property. The distribution of the land
 money was to enrich tbe States, finish tbeir pub
 lic works, plaot schools throng!tout tbeir border*
 end rrteive them from taxation. But the fact,that
 for every dollar taken out of tbe public treasury
 far these objects, a much larger sum waa trans
 ferred from the pockets of tbe people te the faenr
 rd dame*, wee carfully concealed, ae was awe tbe
 tendency if not ultimate design of Ae system in
 baiU up an aiwoaacy of wealth, to control the
 mamrsof nitty, and mnnnpuiw the political
 power of the eommuy.
 The several branches of thw system worn an
intimately blswlsd together, that ia Ihsir sperm-
 UaaMdi eastaiaadm4 t tnaglhsMsd ths othurs
 The joint aperatioa m, to add now burdens al
 latatiMi tad te saeuaif a largely hennaed,
 ■ad waslsfal expenditure ef paMie maaay. It
 wan tha imaisat af th# bank UatMawwaa l
 pmOmrj 1 Jul? ftiftr tha
 amount, tha greater would ha U»a hath profits by
 dense. lva tha lataesst ef tha favored daso
 who nh) aanchad by tha proteclivsuriff. la
 ha vs tha rataa af that paalaetiae aa bifh aa pos
 sible far tha bighar lhaaa rales, tha greater would
 be their advaotag*. It the latareet or the
 paopia af all theaa rurlrr— aad localities who as
 paeted to babaaofittad by tspouditoraa for «tr
 sal imprsTaisuuri. that tha agteont collected
 rtnM bo aa large w piwhlt to tha aad that tha
 mm disbars tid might alao bo larger. The Hales
 being the beoeficariao in the dietribatiSß of tha
 lead moaey, bad aa iataram ia bsviag tha rataa
 of Us imprrnd by tha protective tariff large
 caoagh la yield anffieient revanoa front that source
 to meet the wants of tha govern meat, without
 dabuniog hr taking from them the land food
 so that oaeb of the branches ooastitatmg the aye
 tom bad a common interest in swelling the public
 •fetpsuditores. They had a direct interest in
 tnaiauiamg the pobfcc debt an pant, and iaereao
 ing ita amount, became tha would produce an an
 nul increased drain upon the treasury, to the
 amount of the interval, and render augmented
 taxea necessary. The operation and n ace wary
 effect of thi whole eyetem were, to encourage
 large and extravagant expenditures, and thereby
 la increase the public patronage, and maintain n
 rich and aplendidigovernment at the expense of n
 taxed aad impoverished people.
 It ie manifest that thiaacheiiM of enlarged tax
 ation and expenditures, had it continued to pre
 vail, moot aoon have converted tha government
 of the Union, intended by ita framers to be a
 a plain, cheap, and aimpia confederation of sUtes
 united together for common protection, and charg
 ed with a few specific duties, relating chiefly to
 ear foreign affairs, into a consolidated emp ire,
 depriving the states of their just power and con
 trol in the adminiatratiou of their government In
 this manner the whole form and character of the
 government would be changed, not by an amend
 ment of the constitution, but by resorting to an
 nnwarrantable and unauthorized construction of
 that inatrament.
 The indirect mode of levying the taxes by a
 duty on imports, preveuls the mass of the people
 from readily perceiving the amount they pay,
 and has enabled the few, who were thus en
 riched, and who reek to wield the political power
 of the country, to deceive and delude them.—
 Were the taxes collected by a direct levy upon
 the people, as in the case of theslates, this could
 not occur.
 Tha whole system was resisted from ita incep
 tion by many of our ablest statesmen, some of
 whom doubted its constitutionality and its expe
 diency, while others believed it was, in all its
 branches, a flagrant and dangerous infract iou of
 the constitution.
 That a national bank, a protective tariff, le
 vied not to raise the reveune needed, but for
 protection merely, internal improvements, and
 the distribution of the proceeds of the sale of the
 public lands, are measures without the warrant
 of the constitution, would, upou the mature6t con
 sideration, seem to be clear. It is remarkable
 that no one of these measures, involving such mo
 mentuous consequences, is authorized by an ex
 press grant of power in the constitution. No one
 of them is “incident to, as being necessary and
 proper for the execution of, the specific powers”
 granted by the constitution. The authority un
 der which it has been attempted to justify each
 of them is derived from inferences aud construc
 tions of the constitution which it* letter aud its
 whole object aud design do not warrant.
 Is it to be conceived that such immense
 powers would have been left by the framers
 of the coostituiion to mere inferences aud
 doubtful constructions? Mad it been intended
 to confer them ou the federal government, it is
 bnt reasonable to conclude that it would have
 been doue by plain and unequivocal grants. This
 was not done, but the whole structure of which
 the “American system” consisted, was reared on
 no other or better foundation than forced implica
 tions and inferences of power which its authors
 assumed might be deduced by construction from
 the constitution.
 But it haa been urged that the national bank
 which constituted so essential a branch of this
 combined system of measures, was not a new
 measure, and that its conKtilutionality had been
 previously sanctioned, because a bank had been
 chartered in 1791, and had received the official
 signature of President Washington. A few facts
 will show the just weight to which this precedent
 should be entitled, as bearing upon the question
 of constitotfonalriy.
 Great division of opinion upon the subject ex
 isted in Congress. It is well known that Presi
 dent Washington entertained serious doubts both
 as to the constitutionality and expediency of the
 measure; and while the bill was before him for
 his official approval.or disapproval, so great were
 his doubts that he required the opinion in wri
 ting” of the members of bis cabinet to aid him in
 arriving at a decision. His cabinet gave their
 opinion and were divided upon the subject—Gen.
 Hamilton being in favor of, and Mr. Jefferson and
 Mr. Randolph being opposed to the constitutional
 ity and expediency of a bank.
 It 1« well known, also. President Washington retain
 ed the hill from Monday, the fourteenth, when it was
 presented to him. until Friday, the twenty-fifth of Feb
 ruary, being the last moment permitted him by the con
 stitution th deliberate, when he finally yielded to it his
 reluctant assent, and have it his signature. It is certain
 that as late as the twenty-third of February—being the
 ninth day after the bill was presented to him—he bad
 arrived at no satisfactory conclusion for on that day
 he addressed a note to Gen. Hamilton, ia which he in
 torois him that this bill was presented to me by the
 joint committee of Congress 1 112 o'clock on Monday, the
 Mlh inst.” and he requested his opinion, to what pre
 else period, by legal interpretation of the constitution,
 can the president retain it in his possession, before it
 becomes a law by the lapse of ten days." If the proper
 construction was, that the day on which the bill was
 presented to the President, and the day upon which his
 action was had upon it, were both to be counted incln
 sive, the if the time allowed him within which it would
 be competent for him to return it to the Honse in which
 it originated, with his objections, would expire on Thurs
 day, the twenty-fourth day of February. Gen. Hamit
 ton on the same day returned an answer, in which he
 slates: 1 give it as my opinion, that you have ten days
 exclusive of that on which the bill was delivered to yon,
 and Bundays; hence in the present case, if it is returned
 on Friday, it will Ue in time.” By this construction,
 which the Pres.deat adopted, be gained another day for
 deilbesatioa, and it uiisnot until the 25th of February
 that he signed the bd! —thus all uding conclusive proof
 that he had atlas! obtained hit own consent to sign it
 not without great and almost insuperable difficulty.
 Additional light has been recently shed Aipon
 the serious doubts which he had upon the subject,
 amounting at one time to a conviction that it was
 h» duty to wilbold his approval from the bill.—
 This ia found amongjihe manuscript papers of Mr.
 Maison, authorized to be purchased for the use
 of the government by an act of the last session of
 now for the first time accessible to the
 public. From tiiese papers, it appears that Presi
 dent Washington, while he yet held the bank bill
 in bis hand, actually requested Mr. Madison, at
 that time a member of the House of Representa
 tives. to prepare the draught of s veto message for
 him. Mr. Madison, at his request, did prepare the
 draught of such a message .and sent it to him on the
 twenty-first of February. 1791. A copy of this
 original draught, ia Mr. Madison’s own handwrit
 ing, was carefully preserved by bun, and is among
 the papers lately purchased by Congress. It is
 preceded by a note, written on the same sheet,
 which is also in Mr. Madison's hand* riting, and
 as follows:
 “Feb. 21st, 1791. Copy of s paper made out
 and sent to the President at his request, to be
 ready io case bis judgment should finally decide
 against the bill for incorporating a national bank,
 the bill being then before them.”
 Among the objections assigned in this paper to
 the bill, aad which we,e submitted for the consid
 eration of the President, are the following
 ‘•I object to the bill, because it is aa easetitial
 principle ot the government that power* not dele
 gated by the conoutuuoo cannot be rightfully exer
 osrd because the power proposed by the bill to
 h exercised ia not expreariy delegated, and be.
 iause I cannot satisfy myself that it remits from an
 express power by fair and sale rates of interpreta
 tion”
 The weight of the precedent ef the bank of
 1791, and the sanction of the great name of Wash-
 Often, which has been sa alien invoked in its sup
 fort, are greatly weakened by the deeeispemeot
 these facts. Tha experiments*that bank sat
 riied the country that a ought not to he coounned,
 tad at the end of twenty yean Coagieas refined
 reebarter it. It would have beat fortunate {jg
 he country, and saved thousands from bankruptcy
 md run, had our public men af 1916 resisted the
 emporary pressure of the times spaa uar financial
 tad pecuniary interest*, and refused to charier the
 ®caud bank. Of thi* the country became abend
 lady aathried, aad at (he close af its twenty
 darstioa, aa hi the asst of the first bank, it
 ha osaard w&gt; mam. Under tha repeated blasts s(
 ‘resident Jaekssa, h reeled sad foil, and a sob
 rpasl attempt to charter a smular maritotton was
 mated by the veto af Prsridsat Tyler.
Mr. ShAboo, in fMdm§ km
 oflBlB, did so upem the g—*
 ftct due to pßmkili; k* suberqoeßtar
 faired, “the bank of theUm** Btoto^A*J^,
 ■l. received the txit»iw «*oaturc."
 liupr table that neither the bank of HW &lt;V&gt;
 that o&lt; 1918 would have beer* chartered bat foi
 the pmbarraanteat* U the eorenuaan* &gt;a rte ii
 nances, the derangement ot the tw**® c y
 pecuniary ihhmic which e»k*ei~the tirrt tbe
 oomeioetiee of tire war of da»
 araotl the Couseqecnee ot the war ot 1911. Both
 were resorted to in the dehtwre hope that they
 would restore public credit, and aland relief to
 tbejtovemmeut and ihe business of tbe country.
 lW' of our public men who opposed the
 whole “American system” at ns commence
 merit and tlinxiftlioul iu progress, foresaw and
 predicted ilimt it was fraught with Incalculably
 miarhiefs, and tnuM result in serious injury to
 the best interests af the country. rot a senm
 of years their wise counsels were unheeded, and
 tbe system was established. It was soon appa
 rent that its practical operation was unequal and
 unjust upon diderent portions of the country, and
 upon the people engaged in diMereui pursuit*.
 All ware squally entitled to the favor and pro
 tection of the government, it fostered and ele
 vated the money power, and enriched the favor
 ed lew by tiling labor, and at the expense ot
 the many. Its effect was to make the rich
 richer, and tbe poor poorer.” It* tendency was
 to create distinctions in society based on wealth,
 and to give to the lavored classes utfdue control
 and sway in ohr government. It was an organ
 ized money power which resisted the popular
 will, and songht to shape and control the public
 policy..
 Under the pernicious workings of this combin
 ed system of measures, the country witnessed al
 ternate seasons of temporary apparent prosperity
 of sudden and disastrous commercial revulsions
 of unprecedented fluctuations of prices, and de
 pression of the gTeat interests of agriculture, nav
 igation and commerce; of general pecuniary suf
 fering, and of final bankruptcy of thousands. Af
 ter a severe struggle of more than a quarter of a
 century, the system was overthrown.
 The bank has been succeeded by a practical sys
 tem of finance, coo ducted and controlled solely by
 the government. The constitutional currency has
 been restored the public credit maintained unim
 pared, even in a period of foreign war, and the
 whole country has become satisfied that banks,
 national or state .are not necessary as fiscal agents
 of the government. Revenue duties have taken
 the place of the protective tariff. The d’siribu
 tion of the money derived from the sale of public
 lands has been abandoned, and the corrupting sys
 tem of internal improvements, it is hoped, has
 been effectually checked.
 I entertain the solemn conviction, that if the internal
 Improvement branch of tbe "American *y-tem" be not
 firmly reunited at this lime, the whole series of measures
 composing it will oe speedily reestablished, and the
 country be thrown back from its present high state of
 prosperity, which the eiisiing policy has produced, and
 be destined again to witness all the evils, commercial re
 vnlustons, depression of prices, and pecuniary embarr&amp;s
 ments, through which we have passed daring* the Inst
 25 years.
 To guard against consequences so ruinous, is an ob
 ject of high national Importance, involving In my judge
 ment the continued prosperity of the country.
 1 have felt it to be an iin|«erative obligation to withhold
 my constitutional sanction from two bills which had paw
 ed the two houses of Congress, involving the p tnclple
 of the Internal Improvement branch of the “American
 system,” and conflicting iu their provisions with the
 view* here expressed.
 It is not doubted, that if this whole train of
 measures designed to take wealth from the many,
 and bestow it upon th; few, were to prevail, the
 effect would be to change the entire character of
 the government. One only danger remains. It
 is the seduction of that branch of the system,
 which consists in internal improvements, holding
 out, as it does, inducements to the people of par
 ticular sections and localities to embark the gov
 ernment iu them without stopping to calculate the
 inevitable consequences. This branch of the sys
 tem is so intimately combined and linked with the
 others, that as surely as an effect is produced by
 an adequate cause, if it be resuscitated and revived,
 and firmly established, it requires no sagacity to
 foresee that it will necessarily and speedily draw
 after it the re-establishment of a national bank, the
 revival of a protective tariff, the distribution of the
 land money, and not only the postponement to the
 distant future of the payment of the present nation
 al debt, but its annual increase.
 The power conferred upon the Presidency by
 the constitutiont I have on three occasions, during
 my administtation of the executive department of
 (he government, deemed it my duty to exercise
 and on this last occasion of making to Congress
 an annual communication “of the state of the
 Uuion,” it is not deemed inappropriate to review
 the principles and considerations which have gov
 erned my action. I deem this the more necessa
 ry because, after this lapse of nearly sixty years
 since the adoption of the constitution, the propri
 ety of the exercise of this undoubted constitution
 al power by the President has for the first time
 been drawn seriously in question by porition of
 my fellow-citizens.
 The constitution provides that every bill
 which shall have passed the House ef Represen
 tatives and the Senate shall, before it become a
 law, be presented to the President of the United
 States: If he approve, he shall sign it, but if not,
 he shall return it with his objections, to that house
 in which it shall have originated, who shall enter
 the objections at large on their journal and pro
 ceed to reconsider it.”
 The preservation of the constitution from in
 fraction is the President’s highest duty. He is
 bound to discharge that duty, at whatever hazard
 of incurring the displeaaure of those who may dif
 fer with him in opinion. He is bound to discharge
 it, as well by his obligations to the people who
 have clothed him with his exalted trust, as by his
 oath of office, which he may not disregard. Nor
 are the obligations of the President in any degree
 lessened by the prevalence of views differing from
 his own in one or both houses of Congress. It is
 not alone ’hasty and inconsiderate legislation that
 he is required to check but if at any time Con
 gress shall, after apparently full deliberation, re
 solve on measures which he deems subxeroive of
 the Constitution, or of the vital interests of tbe
 country, it is is solemn duty to stand in the breach
 aud resist them. The President is bound to ap
 prove or disapprove, every bill which passes Con
 gress, and is presented to him for his signature.—
 The constitution makes this his duty, and he can
 not escape it if he would. He has no election.—
 In deciding upon any bill presented to him, he
 must exercise his own best judgment. If he can
 not approve, the constitution commands him to re
 turn the bill to the House in which it originated,
 with his objections; and if he fail to do so within
 ten days (Sundays excepted,) it shall become a law
 without his signature.
 Right or wrong, he may be overtiled by a vote
 of two-thirds of each house and in that event,
 the bill becomes a law without hie sanction. If
 his objections be net thus overruled, the subjsct
 is only postponed, and is referred to tbe Statee
 and the people for their consideration and decision.
 Tbe President's power is negative merely, and
 not affirmative. He can enact no law. The only
 effort therefore,of bia withholding his approval of a
 bill passed by Congress, is to suffer tbe existing
 laws to remain unchanged, aud the delay occa
 sioned is only rbat required to enable the States
 ond tbe people to consider and act upon the seb
 jeet in tbe election ef public agents who will car
 ry out their wishes and inatructioua. Any at
 tempt to coerce the President to yield bis sanction
 to measures which he cannot approve, would bo
 a violation of the spirit of the eonstitatimi, palpa
 ble and flagrant; and if succeaafol would break
 down the independence of tbe executive depart
 ment, end make the President elected by the peo
 pie, aud clothed by the constitution with power to
 defend their rights, the mere instrument of a ma
 jority ef Cs agrees.
 A surrender, en hs part, of the powers with
 which the coostitoliea has invested bis office,
 would effect a practical alteration of that instru
 ment, without restoring to tbe prescribed process
 of amendment.
 With the motives or eensideratiena which may
 induce Congress to pass any bill, tbe Preaidsat
 can have oothieg to do. He amet presume them
 to he ae pure as his own and look eoiy to the prac
 ticable effect ef their eseaaores whew -compared
 with the eoaeuauoa or the public good.
 But i 1 has been urged by those who object to the
 oxemse of this undoubted constitutional power,
 that it assails the representative principle and the
 capacity ef the people to govern themselves, that
 these is greater safety in a numerous representa
 tive body, d— m the am fie Execethre created by
 the eoastitnrieo, and that the Executive veto is a
 one manpowerdespotic in he character. Te
 expose the fallacy ef tins objection, it is only ne
 cessary to mnrijrr the frame and tree character of
 our system. Ours is not a consolidated empire,
 but a confederated anioo The Stales before the
 adoption of the const!nuiim were co ordinate, co
 equal, and separate independent sovereignties, and
 by its adoption they did not lose that character
 They clothed the federal government with certain
 p*wvi», and reserved afl others, mdadtag their
 ®wo sovereignty, to themselves. They guarded
 their sum ngtris as States, and the rights ef the
 Nopfe.by vury Imutatfone which thee incor
 porated foio thn federal eoastitouoo. whereby dm
 different departments of the general government
 were chocks open sock other. That 4s majority
•Wild got era, isa general principle. con trove rted
 by oooe bat they must govern according to the
 tod tot according Hr an undefined
 —d snwmainid diacrrtiao. whereby they may
 Tbc uwted Sum. o» not Wind
 to tbe feet that thry may be temporarily moled.
 Mi that tbeir nyrrmwhm, legwfetive tad
 ccatiT*, may be mistaken or ntflneueed it tbeir
 by improper motnrr*.
 H«pp! y lor tbenßelrea, the people,in framing
 tar admirable ayatem of giiiainmi ni. were eon
 mioaaof tbe infirmities of tbeir lepreaenumre*;
 and, in delegating to them the power* of legiota
 tion, bore fenced them around with check*, to
 gmrd against the effect of booty action, of error,
 Qf combination, and of possible corropuoo. Er
 ror. selfishness, and faction, bare often sought to
 rend wonder this web of checks, and subject the
 government to tbe control of fanatic and sinister
 m&amp;Koces, but these efforts have only satisfied the
 people of tbe wisdom of the checks which they
 base imposed and of the necessity of preferring
 them unimpaired.
 The true theory of oar system is not to govern
 by the acts or decreet of any one set of representa
 tives. The constitution interposes checks upon
 ail branches of the government, in order to give
 time for error to be corrected, and delusion to
 P**» away but if the people settle down into a
 firm conviction different from that of their repre
 sentatives, they give effect to their own opinions
 by changing their public servant*. The checks
 which the people impose on their public servant*
 in the adoption of the consgintion, are the best
 evidence of their capacity for aelf-govemment.—
 They, know that the men whom they elect to
 public stations are of like infirmaties and pass
 ions with themselves, and not to be trusted with
 out being restricted by co-ordinate authorities and
 constitutional limitations. Who that baa witness
 ed the legislation of Congress for the last thirty
 years, will say that he knows of 'no instance in
 which measures not demanded by the public good,
 have been earned Who will deny that in th
 State governments, by combinatione of individu
 als and sections, in derogation of the general
 interest, banks have Jbeen chartered, systems of
 internal improueman adopted, and debts entailed
 upon tbe people repressing their growth and im
 pairing tbeir euergies in years to come.
 After so much experience, it cannot be said that
 absolute unchecked power safe in the hands oi
 any one set of representatives, or that the capaci
 ty of the people for self government, which is ad
 mitted in its broadest extent, is a conclusive argu
 ment to prove the prudence, wisdom, and integri
 ty of their representatives.
 The people by the constitution, have command
 ed the President, as much as they have command
 ed the legislative branch of the government, to ex
 ecute their will. They have said *to him in the
 constitution, which they require he shall take a
 solemn oath to support, that if Congress pass any
 bill which he cannot approve, “he shall return it to
 the House in which it originated, with his objec
 tions.” In withholding from it his approval and
 signature, he is executing the will of the people
 constitutionally expressed, as much as the Con
 gress ahat passed it. No bill is presumed to be
 in acdordance with the popular will until it shall
 have passed through all the branches of the gov
 ernment required by the constitution to make it a
 law. A bill which passes the House of Repre
 sentatives may be rejected by the Senate, ami so a
 bill passed by the Senate, may be rejected by the
 House. In each case the respective houses exer
 cise the veto power on the other.
 Congress, and each House of Congress, hold un
 der the constitution a check upon the President,
 and he, by the power ot the qualified veto a check
 upon Congress.
 When the President recommends measures tt
 Congress, he avows, in the most solemn form, hii
 opinions, gives his voice in their favor, and pie dg
 es himself in advance to approve them if passet
 by Congress. If he acts without due considers
 tion, or has been induced by improper or corrup
 motives—or if from any other cause Congress, o
 either house of Congress, shall differ with him ii
 opinion, they exercised their veto upon his recom
 mendations, and reject them and there is no ap
 peal from their decision, but to the people al th&lt;
 ballot box. These are proper checks upon th&lt;
 Executive, wisely interposed by the constitution
 None will be found to object to them, or to wial
 them removed. It is equally important that th&lt;
 constitutional checks of the Executive 14 ion th«
 legislative branch should be preserved.
 If it be said that the representatives in the pop
 ular branch of Congress are chosen directly by the
 people, it is answered, the people elect the Presi
 dent. If both house represent the States and the
 people, so does the President. The President rep
 resents in the executive department the whole peo
 ple of the United States, as each member of the
 ‘egislative department*represents a portion of them.
 The doctrine of restriction upon and
 executive power .while a well settled public opinion
 is enabled within a reasonable time to accomplish
 its ends, has made our country what it is, and has
 opened to us a career of glory and happiness to
 which all other nations have been strangers.
 In tne exercise of the power of tbe veto, tbe President
 is responsible not only to an enlightened public opinion,
 but to tbe people of tbe whole Union, who elected him,
 as tbe representatives in tbe Legislative branches who
 differ with him in opinion, are responsible to the people
 of particular States, or districts, who compose their re
 spective constituencies. To deny to tbe President the
 exercise ot this power, would be to repeal that provision
 of the constitution which confers it upon him. Vo charge
 that its exercise unduly controls the legislative will, is to
 complaint of tbe constitution itself
 II the presidential veto be objected to upon the
 ground that it checks and thwarts the public will,
 upon the same principle the equality of represent,
 anon of the States in the Senate should be strick
 en out of the Constitution. The vote of a Senator
 from Delaware lias equal weight in deciding upon
 the most important measures with the vote of a
 Senator iroin New-YOtkl and yet die one repre
 sents a state containing, according to the existing
 apportionment of Representatives in the House of
 Representatives, hut one thirty-lourth part of the
 population of tire other. By tire Constitutional
 composition of the Seuate, a majority ol that hotly
 from the smaller states represent less than one
 lourth of the peopled the Lnton. There are thirty
 states and, under the existing uiq&gt;ortionment
 of Representatives, there are two hundred and
 thirty members in the House of Representatives*
 Sixteen of the smaller slate* are represented in
 tbii House by but fifty members and yet the
 senators from these states constitute a majority of
 the Senate. So that the President may recom
 mend a measure to Congress, and it may receive
 the eeuctiou and approval of more than three
 fourths of the House of Representatives, and of
 all the senators from large atatee, containing more
 thin three fourths of the whole population of the
 United States; and yet the measure may be de
 feated by the vote# of the senators from the
 smaller states. None, it is presumed, can he
 found ready to change the organization of the
 Senate on this account, or to strike that body
 practically out of existence, by requiring that its
 action shall be conformed to tbe wit! of the more
 numerous branch.
 Upon the same principle that the veto of the
 President should be practically abolished, die
 power of the Vice President to give the casting
 vote upon an equal division of the Senate should
 be abolished also. The Vice President exercises
 the veto power effectuilly by rejecting a bill by
 his casting vote, aa the President does by refusing
 to approve and tiga h. This power has been ex
 ercised by the Vice President in a few instances,
 the moM important of which was tbe rejection of
 the bill to re-charter die bank of the United State*
 in 1811. It may happen that a bill may be pann
 ed by a large majority of the floase of Repre
 sentatives, and may be supported by tbe senator*
 from the larger states, and tbe Vice President may
 reject it by giving hie vote with the senator* from
 the smaller states and yet none, it it presumed,
 are prepared to deny to Inin the exercise of thw
 power under the constitution.
 But it is, ia point ot tact, untrue that an act
 poased by Congress is conclusive evidence that h
 lean emanation ot the popular wilt A majority
 of tbe whole number elected to each house of
 Congrero constitutes a quorum. *ad a majority of
 that quorum is competent to pass laws. It might
 happen that a quorum of the House of Represen
 tatives, consisting of a single member more than
 half of the whole number elected to that House,
 might pass a bill by a majority of&gt;s stagle vote,
 sad in that ease a fraction more than one-fourth
 of the people of the United State* would be rep
 resented by those who voted for it- It might hap
 pen that the same bill might be turned by a ma
 jority of one, of a quorum of the Senate, com
 posed of Senators from the filteen Smaller States,
 and a angle Senator from a sixteenth Slat*.and if
 the Senators voting for it happened to be from the
 eight of the smallest of these States, it would be
 pissed by the vote of Senator* from States hav
 ing but fourteen Representative* in the House of
 Representatives, and coo taming less than one-
 Mxteenth of the whole population of the U States.
 This extreme case is stated to illostrato the
 font, that the mere passage of a Ml by Congress
 no conclusive evidence that thorn who passed
 it represent the majority of the people of the U.
 States, or truly reflect their will. If snob on eg.
 uomn earn is set likely to bepp*n, eases that ap
 proximate it or* af constant occurrence. It
 believed that not s ngfo law has boon poased
 ■tMoUm adoption of thn mudothn, on which all
forern.ua feaeraJ pnociple. rontnnrted
Um mtaWn elected to bofh booms bars beer,
 prwial ud wtod. Many »f H»* «w* mptdiyt
 j which have passed Csogresa hate bug r» r
 jriadbyo eh— vote in b—. Many
 j f r—« that, many of ifc,
 1 —at important a— of Caff— p—pooetf
 tbe last day*, and often the ln*t hour* of a semoe
 when they an tup—d of ia haate, and by bouse,
 bat Uttle exceeding fbe namber necessary to farm
 USeridm, m meat of tbe State* the member* of
 the liooer of Representative* are chosen by p| a
 raliats, and not by onjontr* of all the v ater* M
 their respective districts j and it may happen
 a majority of that flooae may be returned by
 km aggregate v&lt;ng of the people than that raccrr
 ed by the minority.
 If tba principle insnted on be round, (hea the
 Constitution ahoold be ao changed that ao bit
 •hall become a law aoleee it ia voted for by mem
 ber* representing in each Ho— a majority of the
 whole people of tbe United Staten We meat re
 model our whole system, strike down and aboieh
 not only the aalutary checka lodged in the execo
 live branch, bat meat atrikeoot and abolish them
 lodged in the Sonata aiao, and tbna practically ia
 I rest the whole poWf of the government in n ma
 jority of n single assembly —a majority oooontrol
 led and absolute, and which may become despotic
 To conform to this doctrine of the right of mayor
 ilies to role, independent of tbe checka and limi
 tations of tbe Constitution, we moat revolutmo
 iia our whole ayatem. Wa meat daatroy tho
 Constitutional compact by which the several
 Slates agreed to form a federal Union, and ruth
 into consolidation, which must cud in monarchy
 or despotism. No one advocates such a propot:
 tiou and yat tbo doctrine maintained, if earned
 out, must lead to thie rsMt.
 One great object of the constitution in confer
 ring upon tho President a qualified negative upon
 the legislation of Conor—, was to protact minor
 ities from injustice and oppression by majorit—
 The equality of their rapreee elation in the Sen
 ate, and the veto power of the Prceident, are the
 constitmional guarantiee which the smaller stats*
 have, that their rights will ha respected. With
 out these guarantiee, all their interests would be
 at tho mercy of majorities in Congress represent
 ing the larger states. To tbe smaller and weak
 er states, therefore, the pr—rvatiou of this pow
 er, and its exercises upon proper occasions de
 manding it, is of vital importance. They ratified
 i tho constitution, and catered into tho Uuioo, se
 curing to themselves an equal representation with
 the larger stales in the Sonata; and they agreed
 to be bound by all laws passed by Con grass upon
 the express condition, and none other, that they
 should be approved by tby President, or paeaed,
 his objectiou to the contrary notwithstanding,
 I by a vole of two thirds of both houses. Upon
 this condition tbay have a right to insist, as a par
 of the compart to which they gave their assent
 A bill might be passed by Congress against the
 will of the whole people of a particular State, and
 against the votes of its senators and all iu rep
 resentatives. However prejudicial it might be to
 the iutereets of such State, it would be bound by
 it if the President shall approve it, or it should be
 passed by a vote of two thirds of both house*; but
 it has a right to demand that tho President shall
 exercise his constitutional power, and arreet it, if
 i his judgment is against it. If he surrenders this
 power, or fail to exercise it in a case where ho
 cannot approve, it would make his formal appro.
 val a mere mockery, and would be itself a viola
 i lion of the constitution, and the dissenting Stats
 would becoins bound by a law which had uot beeu
 I passed according to the sanction of the constilit
 tiou.
 The objection to the exercise of the veto power
 'a founded upon an idea respecting the popular
 i will, which, if carried out. would annihilate
 state sovereignty, and substitute for the present
 ij federal government a consolidation, directed by a
 supposed numerical majority. A revolution of
 l the government would be silently affected, and
 the Slates would be subjected to laws to which
 i they had never given their constitutional consent.
 The Supreme Court of the United States is io
 vested with the power to declare, and has de
 dared, acts of Congress passed with the concur
 i rence of the Senate, the House of Represents*
 lives, and the approval of the President, to be
 i unconstitutional and void and yet none, it is
 presumed, can be found, whr will be disposed to
 strip this highest judicial tribunal under the con
 stitution of this acknowledged power—a power
 necessary alike to its independence and the rights
 of individuals.
 For the same reasons that the Executive veto
 should, according to tbe doctrine maintained, be
 rendered nugatory, aud be practically expunged
 from the constitution, this power of the court
 should also be rendered nugatory sad be sxeuug.
 ed. because it restrains the legislative and execo
 live will, and because the exercise of such a (raw
 er by the court may be regarded as being in con
 flict with capacity of the people to govern them
 j selves. Indeed, there is more reason for striking
 this power of the court from the constitution thau
 there ia that of the qualified veto of the President
 because the decision of the court ia final,and can
 never be reversed, even though both houses of
 Congress and tbe Preeident should be unauimoos
 ia opposition to it; whereas the veto of the Presi
 dent may be over ruled by a vote of two-thirds
 of both houses of Coogr—, or by the people at
 the polls.
 It is obvious that to preserve the system established by
 the coDitiluUoo, each of the coordinate branches ol tbs
 government—.he executive, legislative, and judicial—
 must be left In the exercise of Hs appropriate powers. If
 the executive or the judicial breach be deprived of po«
 ers conferred upon either aa checks on the leglsUilvs,
 tho preponderance of ihe latter will become &lt;n*prop«r
 tionate and absorMns. and the others Impotent for tire
 accomplishment of the great objects for which they wen
 established. Organised as they are by the constitution,
 they work together harmoniously for the public good It
 ihe executive and the judiciary shall be deprivedof iba
 constitutional powers Invested in them, and of their dus
 proportions, the equilibrium of the system must be det
 troyed, and consolidation, with the moot pernicious is
 suits, must enaua—a consolidation of unchecked, des
 potic power exercised by majorities of the legislates
 branch.
 The executive, legislative, and judicial, each
 coustitutea a separate coordinate department ol
 thi government; and each ia independent of the
 others. In the performance of their raptrlivi
 duties under the constitution, neither can, in it*
 legitimate action, control the others. They each
 act upon their several responsibilities in their res
 pective spheres; but if the doctrines now maintain
 ed be correct, the executive must become practi
 cally subordinate to the legislative, and the judi
 ciary must become subordinate to both the legis
 lative and the executive; and thus the whole
 power of tbe government would bo merged in s
 single department. Whenever, if ever, this shall
 occur, our glorious system of well-regulated self
 government will crumble into ruins—to be sue
 ceedeti, first by anarchy, and finally by mouarchy
 or despotism. lam far from believing that the
 doctrine ia the sentiment ef the American people,
 aud during the abort period which remains m
 which it will be my duy to administer the execo
 live department, it will be my atm to maintain it#
 independence, and discharge its duties, wiihout
 infringing upon the powers or duties of either of
 other departments of the government.
 The power of tbe executive veto wa* exedriaad
 by tho first and most illustrious of my pradecee
 •ore, aud by four of his successors who preceded
 me ia the administration of the gov*fi*m«ai,B»d,
 it ia believed, in no mataoce prejudicially to lb*
 public interests it lias never been, and fliers
 but little danger that it evrr can be abused. So
 President will ever de*iro, unnecessarily, to piece
 hie opinion in opposition to that of Congress lie
 must always exerces tbe power reiaetaotly, and
 only it esses where hta coo v ration, make it
 matter of stern duty, which he catiuot e*cape
 Indeed, there more danger thvt the President,
 from tbe repugnance he must always feel to cum
 in col; a„ oil With Congress, may fad to exercue it
 ia eases where the preservation of the CmisMs
 tion from infraction, or the public good, may de
 mand it, than that be will ever exereoe 4 en
 aecessarily or wantonly.
 During the period I have adimuislerad the
 ecutive department of tho govennant, great aud
 important questions of public policy. foie.gn S J
 domes'ic, have arisen, upon wbrah it was my do!)
 to act. It may indeed be truly said that *i&gt;&gt; ad
 rmuMratien has fallen upon eventful tuna* I
 Mve felt meirt sensibly the weight of the high re
 spewsunlilies dsvslvsd upon me. With so oiim
 object than Um public geed, the enduring fain*,
 aud permanent prosperity of my country. I bar*
 giwaud the convict ions of my own best judgment-
 The impartial arbitrament of enlightened pebJ*
 opinion, present and future, will delerm&gt;u* h«*
 far the public policy have maintained, and th«
 measures 1 have from lium to tuns
 •ay have tended to advance or retard the pabhr
 prosperity at hem*, and to elevate or depre** tb*
 estimate ef our national character abroad-
 Invoking tbe Usasiags of the Almighty
 ynor deliberations at yonr present unpoitaut see
 *»y ardent hope is, that in a npsvit of bar
 mm J enaeord, yen may be guided to
 ••■•lu, and such us may redound to the hepP'*
 nem, the honor, and the glory nf our
 country.
 JAMES IC. POLK
 WaamnovoM, December IMS.
