FREDERICK DOUGLASS, t
 M R. DELANY,
YOL. I. NO. y*2.
Th# NORTH STAR is published trtrj
 Friday, at No. 25, Boifalo Street,
 (QppMiff tkt Arcadt.)
 TERMS.
 Two dollar* per Anau*, **tiSi,
 subscription wSI he received lor ,ena n
 aJS£**»m not exceeds ten lines im**A
 three ti ne* one dollar; every .üb«q«e.it
 (ion, twenty-five rent*-
 "t n e object tf the No r u Si a will lit to d
 St,*virt in all and wpecu; advocate
 UltirtKSAL EmaMlPatiojt; *xalt the standard
 of Pc sue Moral ITT; promote the moral and »n
 -te'lectaal improvement of tire CoLORfD PtoPLE,
 ind haatmr the day of FREEDOM to the Taut
 MILUOSI of our Entartu Fttiow Coca-
 PUBLISHER’S NOTICES.
 (W All comawwrat.ooa relating to the bu*ines*
 mmcre of the pope-. u jJj!* S'
 u.«c-«, Icc., should be addressed to Jobs Dick,
 1 Ifr* A-jeiit*, and all other* sending
 «lueated to be accurate, and giva tl»e Pf OJfire,
 Lclf, an i tlte State. Eat* Subscriber is
 asiiatelv credited f&gt;r m mey received.
 Anv (&gt;ers &gt;n ending inti* payment for four
 subscribers, to be f.rwarded to one address,
 bare a fifth ooyy for one year. _
 All letters and communications must be pot
 paid.
 list of agents.
 Bosto v N u'.rt i Johnson, New Bedfotd, Horatio
 J
 Evans, Worcester £b,
 Cliarles H. Set’., Springfield i David Kuggie.,
 Northampton; 11. Carpenter.
 \	 f —Oliver Dennett, Portland.
 Vrß*o."T.-Rowland T. Robinson, -North Fer
 “rv^rcTiccT.—Jonathan Leonard, New Haven
 Sr wIl rsH«R r..—Weare Tsppan, Bradford.
 Ntw York —Sv'-nev H. Gav, 142, Nassau
 Street Ja nes McCune Smith, 93, West Broadway;
 Joseph Post, Westbnry, Uueen County; Mary Har
 per, Albany; Elias Doty, Macedon; Willetts Keese,
 Peru, Clinton County; William S. Baltimore, Trov;
 J. F Platt, Penn Van; J. Jeffrey, Geneva; L. L.
 Platt, Bath. _
 Rhode Islapu.—Ainnrancv Paine, I rovidence.
 PennsylvaniaJ. M. M Kim,3l, North Fifth
 Street, Philadelphia; G. W. Goines, 8, Exchange
 Place, Ditto; B. Bown, Pittsburgh; Win. WKipper,
 C.,lu iil&gt;in; Is me R .berts, Jacob L. Faxon, Norris
 town, Montgomery County, Milo A. sownseud,
 New Brighton. r
 Ohio.—Christian Donaldson, Cincinnati; V&gt;at-
 son and Gaines, Ditto; Valentine Nicholson, liar-,
 ▼eyslmrgh, Warren Co.; Samuel Brooke, Salem.
 Michigan.—Robert Bank*, Detroit.
 IkdiaSa.—Joel P. Davis, Ec nomy, Wayne Co.
Selections.
Fiotn the National Era.
 THE PREJUDICE OF CASTE-PRO
 SCRIBED RACES OF SPAIN AND
 FRANCE.
 “Among all the injuries done by I
 man to man, none has been so fruitful j
 of lasting evil, as the antipathy of
 castes, in whatever form—whether re
 presenting the hateful distinctions of fa
 naticism and superstition, or the op
 pressive domination of a conqueror, oy
 the vulgar insolence of mere diversity]
 of race and color.”— Edinburgh Rev. j
 The paragraph above closes an in
 teresting article in the Edinburgh Re
 view of last April, on the Proscribed
 Races of France and Spain,” a history
 of whom, by M. Michel, has lately been
 issued in Paris.
 What is the ground of the popular
 prejudice in this country against the
 colored people? J 1 difference of race?
 Then,why is nat a similar prejudice ob
 servable between the Celts aud Anglo-
 Saxons among usr Why does not
 the public generally regard the Indians
 with the same antipathy as the Af
 ricans?
 Is it color? The educated Indian,
 or the well-hrecf Chinaman, is admitted
 to the social circle, without encounter
 ing any sentiment of aversion; and in
 England and Europe the Caucasian
 race regards the m in of African de
 scent, other things being equal, with
 the same favor as one of their own
 race.
 Is it anything in the physical con
 formation? The negro, however well
 favored, whatever the regularity of his
 featares, or fairness of his complexion,
 is a proscribed man, while absolute ug
 liness and malformation disqualify no
 white man for association on equal
 terms with his brethren.
 The prejudice cannot be a law oi
 Human Nature; else were it universal
 —but it is a matter of fact, that it is
 confined to a very small proportion ol
 the Caucasian race—our trans-atlantic
 brethren do not sympathize with us in
 this fealing.
 The history of the proscribed races
 in Spain and France—races not yet
 quite extinct—is full of instruction to
 those who would philosophize correctly
 on tho prejudices to which man is lia
 ble. These races inhabited the v'ild
 districts in the West and Southwest ol
 France, extending from Britanny and
 Maine, through Poitou, Guienne, Gas
 cony, Beam, and the Basque provin
 ces, to Navurr£ and some ol the neigh
 boring districts of Spain on the other
 side of the Pyrenees; and, from time
 immemorial, were called ihe Cagots,
 Capots, Jlgals, or Gahcts. Iu the mid
 dle ages they were quite numerous, but
 now ure rarely met with. They were
 white people, and distinguished in noth-*
 ing from their neighbor*, except, it is
 said, by the absence of the lobe of the
 tar. Sane of them were wealthy;
 some educated and, ns it regards moral j
 character, they were not below the
 general standard. And yet they were
 the proscribed subjects of a most inhu
 man prejudice, precisely in kind like
 that which weighs d..wn the colored
 raco in this country, though more in
 tense in degree. Their testimony was
 inhibited in courts sf justice. They i
 had no part or lot in the government.—
 Their children were excluded from the
 school* where other children were
 taught. A man or w .man who married
 one of them, became an outcast. Gen
 erally, they were not even favored with
 t ie privilege of being taxed and, when j
 at Moma*, (Basse* Pyrenees) “a tax
 filled rancoU was levied on all Cagots t
THE NORTH STAR
of the commune, to mark ihe contempt
 j in which they were held, the collectoi
 was accompanied with a dog, to which
 each C'ag»K was obliged to give a piece
 of bread." In the towns, particular
 quarters were assigned them, and in
 1 coOnfry villages, they lived in separate
 hamlets. Sometimes the people were
 forbidden to employ them as labors.—
 Bv the municipal regulations of one
 place, they could not enter its limits
 i without a badge of red cloth, to indi
 i cate their degradation; and if they met
 one of the town’s people, they were
 obliged to stand on one side of the road
 till he passed. They were forbidden to
 touch the vessels out of which people
 drank, or to take water out of the pub
 lic well. (In this place, colored people
 are prohibited from entering the public
 grounds about the Capitol, unless of
 necessary businsss.) In the earlier
 j part of the seventeenth century, the in
 habitants of Oleran complained, as oi
 an intolerable nuisance, trial some Ca
 gots of that place had presumed to
 keep pigeons, which, leaving their
 homes in search of food, mixed with the
 pigeons of their neighbors;, and at an
 other place, a Cagot was punished for
 having been found fishing with a line in
 the river. (A slave boy in Georgetown,
 IJ. C., who should be found Hying a
 kite, would be liable to a fine of two
 dollars, and, in default of payment, to
 whipping by the Mayor, at liis discre
 tion.) They were forbidden to enter
 any tavern. (Our free people of color
 are forbidden to keep taverns of any
 kind.)
 In the churches, however, the preju
 dice was most fearfully manifested.—
 The following extract from the Edin
 burgh Review will remind one of the
 negro pew sand cemeteries of this coun
 try, only there is nothing in the bitter
 ness, the antipathy against colored peo
 ple, as shown iri our churches, to equal
 the fiendish cruelty oi* the pious people
 of France and Spain, inflicted on this
 unfortunate while race.
 In some places they seem to have
 had at a remote period churches or
 j chapels of their own—at least the ruins
 or traces of small ecclesiastical build
 ings are found, which popular tradition
 ascribes to them. In most of the
 churches of the west and southwest ol
 France, there is a small entrance door, i
 (now often walled up) called the Ca
 got’s door, quite distiuct from the prin-'
 cipal entrance: there is also a division 1
 of the church at some distance from the
 portion ofitlie church occupied by the
 congregation, which is understood to I
 have been set apart for the Cagots, and
 a sin ill holy-water basin for their se- j
 parate use, the latter generally bearing j*
 traces of ancient sculpture. The street
 of the Cagots, a narrow, dirty lane,
 generally led to the little door of the!
 church. The Cagots, who were looked 1
 upon, even by the church, as an ac
 cursed race, were expressly forbidden
 to enter by the same as the rest ol i
 the congregation, or to introduce them-!
 selves into any other pait of the chmvh
 than that set aside tor them, or to ap
 proach the large holy-water basin, in
 many f places, as at Luccarre, in the j
 arondissem'*nt of Pau, and at Claracq, j
 in the canton of Theze, (in the depart-
 inent of the Pyreuees,) where the Ca
 gots were adihitted to partake in the
 Holy Sacraments, they were still kept
 apart from other people, and the con
 secrated bread was reached to them at
 the end of a rod or cleft stick. No one
 but a Cagot would enter the church by
 the Cagot’s door, or even pass along
 the streets they inhabited. At Ossuq.
 in the department of the Hautes Py
 renees, so late as the year 1783, a
 Cagot having ventured to dip his band
 into the larger holy-water basin, nar
 rowly escaped becoming a victim to
 popular fury; and it is recorded that,
 in the department of the Landez ol
 Bardeaux, at the beginning of the reign
 of Louis XVI., a rich Cagot of that
 country (for they were not always
 poor) having been observed to use the
 holy-water basin of the inhabitants of
 the place at three different times, an
 old soldier went with his sabre to watch
 one Sunday, at the church d &gt;or, and,
 as the Cagot was again preparing to vio
 late the law by which his whole race
 was proscribed, the soldier cut off his
 hand, which was immediately picked up
 and nailed to the church door, as a
 warning to prevent future offences of
 the same description. On the other
 hand, an old woman of Sierre Castet,
 in the Canton of Morlaas, (Hautes Py
 renees) informed M. Michel, that she
 remembered having, when a cHljid, been
 frequently beaten by her mother for
 putting her hand into the holy-water
 basin of tue Cagots. It is still related
 at Larroque, in the same department,
 as an atr »cious act of revenge against
 the cure, that a man once introduced
 gravel into the 1 &gt;ck of the cure’s door,
 so that he was obliged to pass into the
 church through the door of the Cagots.
 At Argelos, where this door happens
 not to have been walled up, as is so
 often the case, the aversion to the Ca
 gots continues so strong among ihe in
 habitants, that rather than pass through
 it, they make a circuit of above twenty
 yards, and descend into the churchyard
 by a short ladder, although the way
 of the Cagots’ is at the same time more
 direct, and on a level with the church
 yard. At Lurbe, where, as we hav*
 said, the Cagots were numerous, it was
 not easy to keep them separate from
 the rest of the congregation, to the
 re at annoyance of tht cure, who took
 every opportunity of showing openly
 his contempt for them. One of the in
 habitants, still alive, very advanced
 age, remembers that, on one occasion,
 just’ before the breaking out of (what
 we have been accustomed to call) the
 great revolution, a Cagot woman hav
 ing acc dentally pasted the bouudary in
 the church ia which they were re
right is of no sex—truth is of no color-god is the father of us all, and all we are brethren
j strained, the oure burst into a rage ii
 the middle of the service, and shoutet
 out, Votre place n’cat pas la, Cagot
 et sachez que moi, que je soie devan
 ou derriere vous, je auis toujour® votr«
 cure; mais vous autres, que vou&gt;
 soyez devant ou derriere, vous ne seres
 i jamais que de villains Cagots!”
 The prejudice agaiust the Cagoti
 was not confined to the ulterior of the
 church; for in almost every parish
 there was a separate cemetery for them
 or at least a place set apart for them ir
 the cemetery belonging to the church;
 a person who was not a Cagnt woulc
 not on any account be interred neat
 thorn.”
 People then were as ready in finding
 arguments to justify their antipathies,
 as they are now. At one time thej.
 would charge the Cagots with witch*
 craft; at another, they would denouticv
 them as lepers, though not tire slightest
 proof lias ever been found to justify
 such denunciation. According to
 popular tradition, still preserved in two
 or three places, they were the descend
 ants of the carpenter who made tht
 cross on which Christ was crucified—
 and the only reason that could be given
 for this was, that their occupation, as
 mechanics, was generally that of car
 penter. In reply to a remonstrance
 uttered by them against the refusal oi
 the clergy of Navarre to allow them t
 participate in the rites of the church
 the huisser of the Conseil Royal, in
 opposing their demands, traced their
 genealogy back to Gehazi, the wicked
 servant of Elisha, (as the Africans are
 said to be the descendants of Canaan,
 the cursed) and as the prophet’s
 curse was still hanging over them, he
 concluded them to be spiritually leprous
 and damned. One can see in all this;
 the propensity of human uatureto seek
 justification for feelings, which no rea
 son can explain or authorize, in reli
 gious sanctions.
 It is worthy of remark, that the pro
 scribed races of white people, like the
 Slacks among us, bore the contempt
 and persecution inflicted upon them,
 j with wonderful patience; and, in a few
 instances where the attempt has been
 made to rescue the Cagot population
 from an intolerant neighborhood, by re
 moving them to a distant'part of the
 country, they always showed an eager
 desire to return to their native place.
 In the beginning of the seventeenth
 century, the medical faculty undertook
 to undermine this unaccountable preju
 dice, by demonstrating that these Ca
 gots were just like other people, and
 one may suppose that philanthropic
 persons, more under the control of their
 judgment l.than feelings* coaopereted in
 such efforts. Towards the close of the
 century, the local parliaments began to
 take up their cause, and by various
 judgments and arrets sought to secure
 them the enjoyment of civil rights. It
 is recorded that a bishop of Tarhes,
 M. de Rnmagne, who died in 1763,
 went so far as to admit to the priest
 hood several individuals of Cagot origin
 L —the first instance of such liberality
 :on the part of the clergy! Finally,
 i those distinctions of race disappeared
 almost entirely irf the convulsions of the
 i French Revolution of 1793. The Ca
 gots of Spain were not acknowledged
 by law till 1817, and so late as 1840.
 one of them was obliged to proceed
 against the inhabitants of Arisau, be
 fore the ecc'esiastical tribunal of Pam
 peluna, to obtain admission to a full
 participation in the ceremonies of the
 church. The case was not. settled
 till 1813, when it was decided in hU
 favor.
From the Piewaylfaiiia Freeman.
 THE RIGHT DF SUFFRAGE.
 A convention has been called by the
 people of color, to assemble in Harris
 burg on the 13th of December, to
 i take measures to secure their p ditical
 equality in this state. Meetings for the
 same purpose are being held by them
 in various parts qf the State and we
 see evidences of an awakening interest
 in the subject, among these victims ol
 American prejudice, and indications ol
 a general and simultaneous movement
 to regain their rights. Such an effort
 we have long hoped for, and antici
 pated, as one of the results of their
 increasing intelligence and self-respect;
 of its ultimate success we have no
 more doubt, than of the coining ol
 spring and summer, to brighten the
 brown fields and bare forests. Let
 them fairly develops the latent powers
 which they possess now hidden not only
 from the world but from themselves;
 let them feel the dignity of manhood,
 and the value of their rights, and merg
 ing all petty jealousies and coutenti ms
 in the great object, unite in a resolute
 effort to gain those rights, and they will
 not fail. The moral power of forty
 thousand intelligent men, in a calm and
 determined struggle by peaceVul means,
 for their long plundered liberties, will
 be irresistible. Let none among them j
 be discouraged by previous failure, or
 long endured oppressieb. They are
 now capable of making a demonstra
 tion of feeling aTid strength such as
 they have never before made, and tbe
 whites are better, prepared than ever be-;
 fore to listen to their demand. They
 owe it not only to themselves and their 1
 children, but to the abolitionists who'
 have, through year! of reproach, de
 fended their cause, and to ibeir brethren j
 m bonds, whose deliverance their own
 elevatioa would hasten, to lav agile all
 their dissensions, and join in this grand
 moral struggle for their true position in
 society. _
 So white men can do for them what
 they can do for themselves. Heartily,
 will we help to remove the impedimenta
 to their eftevstioa. but that must be their'
 own Jtchieyg* l P B,h w ll
 never be ci*ed ulTtbey beg.trio walk j
 in it. Let them nae and go Iwd,;
ROCHESTER, N. Y., FRIDAY, DECEMBER 22, 184 S.
iI and difficulties shall furl off from theii
 I way like clouds before the coming sun
 Sympathy and encouragement will cotm
 i to them litrai unexpected sources. Old
 prejudices once loosened, will be
 swept away, like old piles o! rubbish in
 a river bed, torn up by a spring freshetj
 each one swelling the force by whiefi
 those below are to be overcome. Poli
 ticians and tbe press will not b«4&gt;ng in
 finding motives of interest, if they have
 no higher, to take up their cause, and
 long before they now dare hope for it.
 their rights will be returned to them by
 the very hands which tore them away.
 We hope our friends will every where
 renew with spirit the agitation for the
 am nduient of the Constitution, to give
 the tight of suffrage to the people ol
 color. By proper exertions a mamoth
 petition can be'rolled in upon the Le
 gislature at the coming session,'which
 -hall astonish and. intimidate its op
 posers in both parties. Let them see
 that we are in earnest, that we are
 willing to spend time and money and
 labor, to secure our object, and our re
 quest will be respectfully heard and
 considered. A hundred thousand names
 to such a petition would give weight to
 our arguments ih their eyes. We
 nelieve that this number can be ob
 tained, if every man and,womnn will do
 thwir duty. But if we fail to secure
 such an array, a half, -a quarter, or
 even a tenth part of the number will
 make a powerful impression on the law
 makers of the State.
 We are sometimes asked how we can
 demand a tight for our colored breth
 ren, which we would not advise them
 to exercise Because it is their right.
 They should have the same opportuni
 ty with ourselves, of being their own
 judges whether to vote or not. They j
 are tnen, equal in rights to all othei
 men, and this disfranchisement is a
 denial of their equal manhood. It sug
 gests and enci uiuges insults and injuries
 to them in all other relations to society,
 and tends to destroy their self respect,
 and degrade them in the eyes of others.
 It is an act of injustice on our part, in
 jurious to our own hearts, and a pre
 cedent to innumerable other wrongs,
 and must tend to create and foster a
 jealousy among its victims, toward th*
 whites. It is a denial by our govern
 ment of our own religious faith and
 political creed, and the support of a
 foolish aristocracy in our midst. Wt
 demand its repeal as an act of duty by
 the whites, of justice to the colored man,
 and a testimony of principle to tin
 world, as we would demand the repeal
 of a law prohibiting the joining of Ro
 man Catholic or Mormon, or ever
 Mahom *mf&lt;l ac t»e-P sgun ebu relic a*w hilt
 we should not join them, or advis&lt;
 others to do so. We demand of th«
 government full religious and pniitira
 freedom for all its subjects and citizens:
 a freedom which would permit them
 do many things which we wo lira per
 suade them to avoid and we are wil
 ling to trust entirely to the power o
 truth to restrain the exercise of the lib
 erty we ask. Is there any inconsistency
 here Then were the protestants ot
 England inconsistent in advocating
 Catholic emancipation and the libera
 puritans of New England in removing
 legal disabilities frstn the Quakero
 Then we must limit our claims for thr
 rights of conscience and personal free
 dom, to auch acts alone as wo believt
 perfectly moral and expedient. It if
 too narrow a platform for us to occupy,
 though it permits us and all who entirely
 agree with us, to do what we think
 duty. We have no scruples in asking
 for our neighbors tbe same right o
 private judgment which we wish foi
 ourselves.
 From f we Reflscwr an 1 Watchman. _
 SLAVERY IN THE DISTRICT OF CO
 LUX HI A.
 Of all questions which come home t*
 the business and bosoms
 -‘lave trade
 Henry L. Ellsworth, for many year,
 Coinmissioner of Patents, and whose
 fame as a friend of agriculture and tlu
 useful arts, is in the homes of our wh &gt;le
 country, in a speech delivered by him
 at Lafayettdf. Indiana, (his preseni
 home,)has state&amp;aome facts which must
 have their weight with the country.
 Mr. Ellsworth as I have before said wa.»
 a citizen of Washington, for ten years,
 he had an opportunity of seeing the op
 eration of slavery in our District, and
 here is what he says on the subject to
 the farmers of Indiana:
 “A gentleman who once hailed from
 Virginia has unexpectedly arisen upon
 the aland, and after admitting with much
 courtesy’the sincerity of my remarks,
 would lessen their force by calling me
 a theorist. I compelled to reply—
 l am from the Yankee land. I have
 resided ten long years in a slave tern
 tory —the District of Columbia—the lit
 tle spot the nation fpsphaticlly calls her
 o W n Would to God that I could say
 slavery was not there. But there it is,
 to greet the arrival of strangers aUract-i
 ed to th# metropolis by business od
 curioeity*! Ye., Ihyr. it l. in earful re-1
 fu» «'g hl of K™** legi.la-■
 t„m-near the «e«em g.te nf .he cap
 ital and ehn »t reached by Ml fla«.
 •Pen’ it found, welled l» end guarded,
 with miracles end handcuff,..he pere
 pharealia of e aleve eh.p. Them h»-
 n» Aeings ere daily incarcerated and
 and hr mght ..ut foe eale. hrw eapneed
 and proved, like cattle .sound in wind
 andlimb. md thetwro »d and dnvea to,
 acefimate or dte in the r.ce swamp. or,
 __ a* sugar plantation* of tbe soq|h.
 Here to". of P nd
 Sdullars foreve^tO
 La.. rrune to stock their farms.
 here, 100, crime; oat Seek
 ofAfrieen «lnoi|c Jetg» theunfiwMo
 ate if 1" d
again! Those whojtave purchased theii
 freedom live In constant fear of abduc
 tion. ’1 have bona awakened at th&lt;
 dead hour of night by the suplication 01
 a domestic, that I would save hfe sister,
 whom the men were carrying off
 Knowing she was free, I went with a
 friend in search of the captive; #e founc
 her in custody of two ‘nigger hunters
 who showed an advertisement, SSC
 bounty; they claimed her*as a run
 away; she protested by Mr tear* anti
 assertions that she was ndf a slave.
 Force was threatened; it would have
 been resisted at all hazards. A nigh!
 of horror to this girl passed away.
 The light of day beamed upon the facts;
 she was free and proved it. How nar
 row her escape f—-If carried far away
 her lip**ealed in silence, when would
 her rescue arrive?—-allhe grave.
 Shalli tell whh what horror repre
 sentatives at our court from foreign
 lands behold, at the seat of government
 the exibition of principles of this free
 republic, where all men are by nature
 born equal!
 Even the citizens of the District have
 not uerve to behold the execution ol
 their wishes. Mothers separated from
 their children, and the injunction o&gt;t
 to put asunder what God has joined to
 gether, despised and rejected. Slaves
 are sent on pretence of business and
 when beyond the sound of shrieks and
 supplications, they are seized and borne
 away to the pen.
 Here it is that fathers sell their own
 children and themselves rivet the man
 acles of slavery forever!
 Had wealth been mine I could have
 consecrated it to a holy purpose. 1
 could have saved some, who had learn
 ed to tvad the Bible and yield to its re
 quirements, giving evidence by a Chris
 tian walk of the sincerity of brofession;
 such I could have saved, not from ser
 vile labor, but from the posession of one
 whose motive was lust, whose cruelty
 worse than death! If nature or accom
 plishments adorn the female slave, it
 is only to make her the object of grea
 ter desire. I have urged the claims of
 humanity, of pity, and mercy, all in
 vain.”
 I well remember the incident to
 which Col. Ellsworth refers in the fore
 going extract, for I was the friend who
 accompanied him to the house where
 these ‘nigger hunters’ had rudely enter
 ed, and claimed the sister recently ie
 turneJ from ‘the free West* on a visit
 to her relatives iu this city; nor shalT I
 soon forget the feelings aroused by the
 impudent menacing demeanor of these
 men. They interogated as men hav
 ing the sovereignty of life and liberty
 iu their hands—‘the girl was black, the
 law said a black face was, by presump
 tion, a slave, and they had a right to
 tier, and could and would imprison her
 if they pleased;’ and that it was deemed
 by them an act of distinguished cour
 tesy to believe Col. Ellsworth and my
 self when we assured them that the
 lirl before them, was w'ell known to us
 both, and had been for years employed
 in our families .as a seamstress, and was
 not the fugitive slave they were in pur
 suit of. Aad this is the law in the Dis
 trict of Columbia, the free soil of our
 Confederacy.. Roger Williams,
 A NEW SETTLEMENT.
 We lay before our readers a new
 settlement in the town of Upper Flor
 eucdpOneida co. It is twenty-two
 miles from the village of Rome, where
 the railroad depot Jays, 23 miles from
 the Erie Canal, 12 miles from the vil
 lage of Constantia, and 2 miles from
 the village of Florence, which is a
 pleasant village, having three churches,
 i school house and several stores. The
 town of Florence is a favorite town ot
 tfr. G. Smith. This village will be
 principally occupied by -colored per
 sons; each lot will be a quarter of an
 acre, which will be large the soil is
 io &gt;d and the price of lots will be $3
 each. $1 payable at time of pur
 chasing, and the remaining $2 ten
 t'ears &lt;uter. Lots can be purchased
 ti-om the 23th of November until the
 number of lots are sold in the upper
 settlement, and which will enable «nr
 hundred families to have a house on
 the front of each lot; each person who
 builds, can purchase, independent ol
 their village lots, a farm of thirty or
 fifty acres, at a low price, by paying
 10 dellars down and ten years to.pay
 the balane* at 4 per cent interest.
 William H. Topp, uud Charles Morton
 paid a visit to tfie strttlement about two
 years ago, who informed us that the
 land is good,* that there is a small river
 running through the settlement, con
 taining trout and other fish; alsMjpdl
 streams Hod good roads. It Mr but
 about 9 hoars ride from Albany. All
 persons wishing to purchase lots will
 write to Mr. Myers, Albany, postpaid,
 and they will receive their deeds from
 are lawyer. It is our intention to move
 m there with our family in the latter
 part of April next. There is ten of
 ifee lots already nurchascd by person*
 Mihts State, by persons in the
 gnite of Massachusetts. A number pi
 friends have volunteered to assist us in
 this enterprise, and we hope sil of the
 friends of this enterprise will coroe up
 and help us to the best of ibeir abtMits.
 We authorise our agent* to receinf all
 donations that may be given, stch a*
 axes, ploughs, scythe* and all articles
 that may be used hr the benefit of the
 settlers. —We hope -our frieods will
 take into conatderggjion the benefiulfcaf
 will be derived from'purchasing these
 lots where they caifaite their fern
 provision*, and will net be obliged to
 every dollar thar tarn to the bad
 pod for the neceraasries of li%£§
 lire now compdtHed to do ia#Vb
 large cities.— CoMg/^mrmer.
 fteve the conruripte jMtr your oldi
 dOIIM,, MtilfM MgMgm
AWAY WITH WAR!
 odf you ever think of the evils o
 War Did you ever realize that it wa
 one of the greatest curses of mankind
 Did you ever see that the practice o
 war Idled the world with Blood, wit!
 Slavery, with Barbarism and even
 specie! of Misery Yet this is th»
 case md, reader, are you not a mill
 tary mau, or guilty in some way of pro
 moting War If so, complain not o
 want, suffering, ignorance, or degra
 dation. Oppressed Laboring man 01
 Factory girl, don’t murmur at youi
 bard lot; if your politics, religion 01
 social influence upholds war, the re
 proach falls upon your otrn head. Yui
 foolishly empty your own pockets an«j
 cause your Rwn sufferings. Bencvolem
 man, Philanthropist —do you favoi
 armies, navies, and military govern
 ments Wonder not, then, at tht
 depravity of man and the slow pro
 gress of truth and righteousness. Youi
 self-contradiction ami inconsistency ii.
 sustaining the custom of war, swell?
 the current of wickedness inure than
 pour go id efforts can that of righteous
 uess.
 What has War done ?—Evil, evil!
 It has done nothing but evil Ii
 has destroyed human life, property,
 virtue and happiness Nothing else
 has it aimed to do. Drunkenness, pro
 fanity and licentiousness have been its
 legitimate products. Widows, orphans,
 paupers, beggars it has multiplied.
 l&gt;r. Dick essuuates that fourteen thou
 sand millions of human beings have
 been slaughtered by war—inhabitants
 enough to people 18 worlds like the
 Earth Think of this. What greater
 curse could wickedness invent? Plague,
 Pestilence and Famine have followed
 in its track hut these of themselves
 iiave not begun to equal war in their
 number of victims. Had Hyenas,
 Tigers, Panthers and Serpents been
 the world’s only inhabitants, they would
 hot have equaled Man in the destruc
 tion of life. What a held of human
 bones What a sea of human blood
 What has War cost'! —The mere
 money cost of war has been enough to
 pauperize the world. According to re
 liable estimates the present unpaid
 War Debt of Europe and the United
 States, incurred within the last ItiO
 years, is about Steen Thousand Million
 Dollars! The annual interest of this
 debt, including the expenses of the
 Army and Navy, is nearly Four Hun
 dred Million Dollars. The specie
 circulation of the world does not equal
 this amount, and, according to Hutu
 bo'dt, the mines of South America and
 Mexico have AM yielded this sum since
 the discovery of the New Woild by
 Columbus 50 per cent, of the annual
 expenditures of European governments
 goes for military purposes. No wonder
 the people are crushed beneath such a
 load, on top of the expenses of royalty,
 nobility and aristocracy. No wonder
 the people are taxed for nil they eat,
 drink nnd wear, for sunshine, air and
 water—taxed for being born, taxed for
 breathing, taxed for dying.
 In the United States, the Executive,
 Legislative and Judicial departments of
 government are not poorly paid at all.
 But for every 21 cents they receive $1
 is paid for purposes of war. 80 per
 cent, *of the government expenses are
 for war! Within the borders of Massa*
 chusetts scarcely a cent has been!
 expended for schools, colleges and!
 charitable asylums where dollars have!
 been lavished upon war-ships, the
 Navy-Yard and the Arsenal In addi
 tion to ail this, the annual cost, in time
 and money, of training the miittiaof the
 United States is calculated to be Fifty]
 MUlton Dollars. Why should nt there
 be poverty and hard times in this
 country
 FHfcNCll CONsTiTUTON.
 The National Assembly has passed
 the Constitution by a vote of 73d to 30
 and made provision for its proclamation
 on the 12th November with great pomp
 and circumstance, in the Place de iff
 Concorde.
 The thirty who voted against the
 Con&gt;titution are of all parties, but most
 of them Montagnards, or. Red Repub
 licans.
 Constitution is certainly a very
 grand form of self-government and a
 great improvement in some respects
 upon oars, though it vastly
 too much power to the Iflweuttve, who
 receives a salary of six hundred thmi- 4
 sand francs and the appointment Rot
 only of his ministers, but, in the coun
 cil of his ministers,* of the diplomatic
 agents of the government the comman
 ders in chief of armies by land or sea/
 the prefects, the superior officer of lh&lt;
 National Guards of the Seine, the
 governors of Algeria and the colonies,
 the procurers-general ar d other su
 perior functionaries. He also appoints,
 at the recommendation of a competent
 minister, according to the rules and
 conditions fixed by law, the secondary
 agentsof the government.
 To guard against the abuse of power,
 it is proclaimed treason for the Presi
 dent to dissolve the Assembly.
 The rights of the citizens, guarantied
 by the Constitution, are aa follows.
 Article 2. No one can be arrested ot
 detained except in pursuance of Um
 prescriptions of the law.
 Art. 3. The dwelling of any ptrsor
 inhabiting French Territory, is inviol
 able r It IS hot permitted to forew ai*
 entrance Rgn it except according to tin
 jbnM audio the eyes provided by
 Art. 4. No one cRt bo withdraw
 iron bio natural judges. EU§*ordf|
 aaiy aapriminiuo or tribunals cannot tx
 ufbnteveL *L r
 V Ait. The peuaky of doatfriWoV
 |pM i» all political antlers.
JOHN DICK. Pvuiiai*.
WHOLE NO—s2.
Art. 6. Slavcrt cannot EXIST OJf
 French Soil.
 Art. 7. Every person shell f.eely
 profess his religion, sod receive ex
 *&gt;qu*l protection in the exercise of ite
 worship. The ministers both of the
 sects at preseat recognined by the lew,
 »nd of those which rosy hereafter be
 so Bhall ceive support from the state.
 Art 8. The cittxens have the right!*
 ass &gt;oate, to assemble peaceably sod
 without arms, to petition, and to maoi
 .tst their sentiments by the press or
 otherwise. The exercise of these
 rights has no other limit than the rights
 or the liberty of others end the public
 security. riie press cannot in any
 case be subjected to ceosorship.
 Art. 9. instruction is free. The
 liberty of instruction is exercised ac
 cording to the conditions in regard to
 capacity and morality determined by
 the laws, and under the supervision of
 the state.—This supervision shall ex
 tend to all establishments of education
 and iustiuctmn without exception.
 Art. 10. All citizens are equally si
 missible to ail public employments,
 without any other motive of preference
 than their merit, and according to the
 conditions which shall be fixed by the
 law.—AH titles of nobility, and all
 distinctions of birth, class or caste arc
 forever abolished.
 Art. 11. All properties arc inviolable.
 Nevertheless, the state can exact the
 sacrifice of a property, for the sake of
 the public good legally proven, and in
 consideration ot a just and previously
 paid indemnity.
 Art. 12. The confiscation of goods
 shaH never he re-cstabli*hed.
 Ait. 13. The Constitution guarantees
 to the citizens the liberty of labor and
 industry.
 Society favors and encourages the
 developcinent cf labor by primary
 gratuitous instruction, professional
 edfeation, the equality, of the relations
 between the patron and the workman,
 institutions of saving and credit, agri
 cultural institutions, voluntary associa
 tions, and the establishment by the state,
 by the departments and the communes,
 of public works suitable to employ un
 occupied hands it furnishes assistance
 to abandoned children, to the infirm
 and the aged, and those whom their
 friends cannot support.
 Art. 14. '1 he public debt is guarantied.
 Every engagement whatever entered
 into by the State with creditors is in
 violable.
 Art. 15. Every tax is laid for the
 public good.—Each is to contribute to
 it according to his ability and his for
 Art. 16. No tax can be laid or col
 lected except by virtue of a law.
 Art. 17. A direct tax is to be settled
 but for one year. The imposition of
 indirect taxes may be settled for several
 years.
 It will be seen by the above articles
 which we translate pretty literally from
 the new Constitution, that the right to
 labor is not repudiated, while provision
 for it is not so expressly guarantied as
 the social reformers desiied.
 The Constitution provides a Council
 of State, independent of the President
 nnd hi* ministers, to be consulted by
 them as to ail legal measures which
 they propose, ns well as to examine all
 such us originate in the Assembly.—
 Chronotypc.
 Suggestions on Dress.- Dress is
 intended for warmth, decency, and
 comfort not fof gaudy show, nor to
 excite vanity and pride. Be careful.
 :hen, never to sacrifice health, decency
 to a love of finery.
 Bestow but a small portion of your
 time, money, or thoughts, upon diets
 there are things of far greater moment
 which demand the larger part.
 Alwuys have something better to
 recommend you than the gannents that
 cover your person. If these are your
 chief recommendation, it is a proof that
 they occupy the chief place in your
 heart; in other words that you are
 vatu and frivolous character.
 Guard against the love of dress, last
 it should lead you to self-flattery, ex
 travagance, dissipation and ruin. Re
 member that neither fine
 personal beauty will, last long. In a
 few years, at most, we shall have noth
 ing to wear but a shroud sod a coffin,
 and instea#s&gt;f being admired or* shall
 be luatheoT
 On the other hand da not rush iota
 the extreme ol“ rigid strophe it y sod
 singularity. The roediuor of propriety
 in dress may be expressed hy the teram
 plain, becoming, dignified.
 Let your dress be oeat, modest, and
 appropriate to times and seasons, and
 as far as is consistent with the foregoing
 cautions, agreeable to those with whom
 you associate.
 t Steam, Pigeons and Liciitxixo.—
 Xe finer illustration of the wonderful
 effects of enterprise, in making use of
 »he resources rarnished by nature and
 ever seen than ia the reception
 bfffihe Britannia’s news iu this city on
 Saturday last. A summary of the news
 was prepared on the steamer, by s per
 son who went to Halifax for the pur
 pose. This was placed upon the necks
 of carrier pigeons, whir* were liber
 ated when seventy or s afghty miles from
 Boston. They reached Boston between
 9 and 10 on. Saturday, sod the news
 iqunediately transmitted to Pbila
 Philadelphia. It was given to the pub
 ,c of this city ip an extra Bulletin at 1
 .’clock, sod more, than an bear before
 he Britannia arrived at her wharf iu
 Boston.—|
 Acted bock »&lt;rf good wo».«
 »xc client ft r Ux.se who know bowtpap
 mecintetheir value. There are
 lowever. who judge both
 beauty of the certr f
