Commtmkatione.
('fliKLiN. Ohio, Dec. 7ih, 18-48
 \Um» Editors You will pardon rat
 A t mv min.ftH'n- My only apology for m
 ir ,g t i*ih« publication of a Idler from Rev
 Hiram Wilson, in your paper of Nov. Bth
 1848. In retding thia letter, 1 was reminds
 of oeriam resolution*, published in the Otwrln
 Evangelist of October I3lh. 1847, ovrr th«
 Mg.iaturo of Hamilton Hill, ontrucr and black
 cr than which, no resolution* were ever cun
 meted out of Hade*.”
 As the star after which your paper i
 named, has given light to the benighted nm
 flying bondman, in his dark, uocerta n an
 perilous path to British freedom, so may ai
 answer to my inquiries by hi* teacher am
 guidi, give light to their fnends, should the;
 find a place in your sacredly-knit fuvr-corncrti
 and heavenly-let-dawn sheet,in which I some
 tunes find four-footed beasts snd ereepings.
 1 am much pleased with brother W ilvon i
 letter in the mam, and think he is on th&lt;
 whole, as near right as others who hav&lt;
 written respecting our people in Canada.
 truly sympathize with him in his necessity
 aad want of friends, il 1 do not in hi* pres
 ent position snd effort*. I hope he may fim
 a support, but in his own words, not ina“det
 of thieve*-*' Ah, consistency, thou an t
 jewel, but truth is a pearl sel om found by iht
 light of Dairn. I don’t mean lo l*e u d r
 stood a* accusing Br. V\ ilson of wilfully tell
 ing an untruth, but ho docs, in the letter re
 ferred to, misrepresent ihe doings at Dawn.
 The Institution, hitherto, has been Iht
 curse of our people in Canada. This 1 say
 without the fear of contradiction Irom a ie
 opectable source and what I say, four-fifths
 of the colored people there will say.
 But I must corne to the inquiries. Ist.—-
 Will Br. Wilson tell us why he has united
 again with this Institution, after rutting hi*
 connection wall it, because of it* prodigality
 and mismanagement 1 2d. Ifotv much money,
 clothing, bedding, &amp;c., have been received ai
 Dawn since its commencement 7 3. How
 much of these things have been givpn to tin
 teachers and missionaries in f anada 4. How
 many necessitous females and persona have
 been gratuitously supplied with clothing, bed
 ding, &amp;c, by the Executive Committee til the
 Dawn operation, in the last five years? 5.
 What kind of instructions are the ignoram
 receiving at Dawn, by whom is it, and how
 much of it, and how often is it given? 6
 What winters were they when the Institutin'
 was” thronged” with scholars,and wheredu
 .bey come from 1 7. llow many student
 have boarded at the Institution each white;
 since its commencement, and how much mone*
 did they pay for it 8. Were the scholars o.
 Dawn compelled to leave in the summer, oi
 did they choose” to gooff and go to work
 when there was a school opened for them?—
 0. 11a* not the Institution been going dow n fo
 nearly three years? 10. Is not all its clearo
 land now rented out to be cultivated, not lu,
 the benefit of the school? 11. Have tin
 trustees taken any action on ihe subject o
 educating the poor orpli-n s, or is it the men
 suggestion which I n.a e tome three yeai.-
 ago to some of them to do so 12. V\ hat it
 the proof that the work at Dawn is undo
 no sectarian auspices” 13. How many col
 ored settlements, churches and schools ha
 Br. Wilson visited w ithin the last three yeai
 in Canada 1 14. How new is the Dawn sei
 tlenient 15. How many have moved in i
 within the last three years, and are they sai
 isfied If*. What evidence has Br. Wilto
 that the managers of the Dawn school wo
 do better than they have done heirtotbre- 7
 These things the public have a right to knot
 before it can consistently give further suppott
 Can it know them 1 .Shall it know them 1
 Dare the truth be told respecting them 1 W*
 shall wait to see before wo say any more.
 W. P. NEWMAN.
 P. S.—Since writing the above, I hav.
 received a letter from sister Fidelia C. Brooks
 at the Queen’s Bush, C. W., begging f»&gt;
 help to pay for her school-house, and to sa\
 it from being sold on the Ist of January
 1819, to pay the wotkmen.
 There is not a more worthy missionary ii
 the world than sister Brooks, and but few
 who are as ureful, and whose present pro*
 pms for doing good are so fair as lu-rs. II
 school is large and flourishing, and her li- i.
 of labor a settlement of poor colored peopl*
 numbering 1500. She wants 8100 to sat
 her school-house. Shall she have it Win
 will say, Lord, how much shall 7 give 7
 W. P. N.
 W ill the Ram’s Horn, the Emancipator
 the Contributor, the Obetlin Evangelist, am
 the American Missionary please publish thn
 ;u*d the answer to it, and oblige the Chtisiiui
 public!
 Hebron, N. V., Dec. 9, 1844.
 Dear Brother Douglass: —Though per
 serially unknown to you. 1 take the liberty ol
 •ending you a line, requesting of you a favor.
 As an Agent of the •Baptist Free Mi&gt;sim
 Society,! am endeavoring to ca l the-attentim
 of Baptists to the Cherokee slaveholdiug
 Baptist churches.
 1 remember hearing brother Henry Bib!
 make some remarks in his lecture in the grea
 anti-slavery meeting in Chicago, some two oi
 three years since, respecting the tlaveholdinp
 professors in that nation. Will you pleas*
 inform him of my desire to obtain any facts it
 hi" possession or knowledge in legard to th
 Baptist Chinches in the Cherokee country—
 ri number oli slaveholders in those chuiche
 -he number of slaves held—preaching o
 m asionarie* m regard to this question, am
 wi.atevcr ols.e may throw light upon the mat
 t*r. lam yours for Christ’s suffering metu
 EDWARD MATHEWS.
 Victor, Dec. 11, 1848.
 F menu Docglass When can you corru
 again to ictor 7 There arc many here whe
 would like to bear you, ami there are some
 (very pious ones) who uouMn’r hear yon a ,y.
 way Their hoiy sensibilities ;re shocked
 at your exposure „f he earning hypocrisy of
 pro-alavery and nme-aervmg p rie su, anH heir
 glowing patnotum revolt* at y our truthful de
 nunciations of vlaveholcers, and the crime o«
 /voting tot such tnen for civil office. The
 trouble with these men it, would they con
 fess the truth, In so saying, thou repioech
 eat ua eleo!” But never mind these, if they
 choose topractise iuiquity, ehui reproof, and
 •brink from investifMion, let them stay ai
 ko»a— we cao get a bouas-full without them.
Though the Presbyterian and Methods:
 ehurehcs am shut sgziart lhc*,ranae of th»
 slate, the l*ntvetsal»t meeting-h* ose can k
 had at any tim*. A Society meet t»g w*
 held in the PresbTtenao church last week.—
 1 Application was made for the use
 now and then, for temperance and ami-wbren
 meetings. It would hatre amused you to hat*
 h heard the rbat—ti e ros and ion a cn tUu
 occasion. It could not be called a debate, l««
 it was without form or order. The cbairmai
 was entirely ignorant of the duties of hi
 ffice, and -bowed himself the most iou
 person present. hen a motion was mad
 and seconded, to open the house for tcinpet
 t artee and anti-slavery meeting-, instead u
 potting the question, or submitting it for dt
 i nate, he instantly commenced, while sittingii
 I his cha.r, and in the meet authoritative man
 ser. to declare his decided opposition to thr
 passage of such a leaolution. He wosk
 not have \Ub house opened for anti-slaver i
 meetings any way." Some were willing
 the house should be opened for tcmperane&lt;
 meetings a part of the time, if other house
 would oj&gt;en their doors a part of the time!—
 Mmy were opposed to the use of the lioum
 for any other than religious purposes, as it
 j would soil the carpets thus making the rags
 under loot of more consequet cc thai in
 cawse of ughteousness and humanity. The_\
 r fused to pass any vote on the subject, break
 i 'g up in confusion, and staving off ihe whole
 matter hy an abrupt motion to a Ijourn. It
 i was altogether a very pious affair. Tit
 presiding officer had just been guilty of votin',
 for thal human butcher and slaveholder, Gen.
 Zachary Taylor, and that too, after having
 declared, but a short time previously, that he
 would suffer his right arm to fall from hi
 shoulder, before he would ever again vote foi
 a slaveholder.
 About the first person elected, and to the
 most important office, was a man who owns
 and receives the rent of a liquor house. O
 etnpora! O mores! This same man lias been
 a liberty man—a proffs-ed friend of freedom.
 Another one of the newly-appointed trustees,
 who has also been a liberty man, was willing
 the house should be open lor temperance, but
 not for anti-slavery. He said, .-.s a man h&lt;
 was in favor of opt ning the house for anti
 slaverv meetings, but as a trust e, he was op
 posed to it—thus proving lalse to his profes
 sions, and, for the sake of the paltry office in
 a pro-slavery church, stultifying himself, and
 shutting out the cause of the oor and op
 pressed.
 Notwithstanding the plain commands ol
 God—“ Make unto yourselves righteoua ru
 iers""—“ He that ruleth over man must be
 just, ruling in the fear of God,” many of the
 leading members in all these professed Chris
 j lian churches, voted for a man w hose I fe has
 i been devoted to shedding human blood, and
 j who now lives on ihe- unpaid labor of slaves!
 Tih not strange. You understand why anti
 slavery is shut out of these meeting-houses.—
 It is not a pleasant task to expose inconsist
 ency and hypocrisy, but it is a duty that we
 owe to truth and the cause of humanity and
 I speak not of these tilings but with feelings
 of deep regret that they are so.
 Notwithstanding these votes for Taylor,
 this town ga\e 40 majority for Free Soil.—
 Cass had 5 votes, and Getrit Smith 7.
 The Hunkers had a public meeting at one
 if our liquoring houses a few days previous
 o the election. It continued till late in the
 light, and broke up in a regular row-de-dnvv.
 The gentlemen orators from Canandaigua,
 t is said, were so drunk or crazy, or perhaps
 »oth, that instead of taking the toad eastward
 oward.s home, they blundered up tha hill
 I lorthward into the yard of the Umversalist
 neeting-house! They finally lured a man,
 md gave him $6 to take them to Canandaigua
 —lO miles.
 We have three licensed dram-houses in our
 title midst, and of eouise drunkenness
 (bounds. We have a temperance meeting to
 light to begin with. When will you come
 tnd address the people on the subject ef sla
 very’ Respectfully yours,
 G. W. C.
 From our own Correspondent.
 London, Nov. 24, 1848.
 The fete of the inauguration of the new
 French Constitution took place in Paris, on
 Sunday, Nov. 12th, and happily concluded
 j without the occurrence of accidents or disor
 er. The demonstration of external pomp
 t tppearsto have hpen great but the weather
 I wa- extremely unfavorable—a heavy tail ol
 snow ushered in the glorious day—so that
 the spirits of the people were damped, and
 ‘here was little or no enthusiasm apparent,
 i Prince Louis Napoleon absented himsell
 j trotn Paris, to avoid being mixed up, person
 ally, in any manifestation or movement which
 might occur. The electoral struggle between
 him and Cavaignac, has commenced in gc»od
 earnest. The Journal des Dcbots has de
 flared for ihe latter; whilst the Constitution
 i nel adtieres to Louts Napoleon. fyiw ?t
 will end,’ stys the Times’ correspondent,
 no man pretends to be able to predict; but
 j you are doomed to hear from day to day, ol
 miugues and worse, in ihe interests of tht
 i contending parties. Already the adherents ol
 I Prince Louis Napoleon complain loudly of the
 1 proceedings of the partizans of General Ca
 vaigme. The hope of the Bonapartiats
 J rests chiefly on the remembrance retained by
 he people of the grandenr of the Empire,
 *nd on their afll-ctinn fur the memory of then
 d«»l. The government is doing all tn its
 1 power to’counteract this feeling; and a report
 ;a hi circulation that Louts Napoleon is insane,
 f which is said to have injured him in sotn&lt;
 quarters. On the other hand, the excess ot
 zeal, and the accompanying imprudence, to
 some of Cavatgnac's panitans, tend gieatiy
 to damage his cause and although he is no
 peisonally accountable for the many indefen
 sible manofuvres practised, he cannot fight hi
 own battles, and is compelled to resign him
 self to the will of others. The address lateh
 issued by Cavaignac to “the civil and militan
 functionaries of France, announcing the fac.
 that the labors of the National Assembly or,
 the Republican Constitution are completed, k
 characterized by wisdom and discretion, am
 j 1
 it seems desirable for the good of the countn
 that he may be elected President. Neithc!
 Lamartine nor Ledru Roilm have retig ru-c
 their candidateahip for the office. M. Marram
 u» appointed President of the Assembly for Un
 month ensuing.
 In my last, I informed you of the capitula
 uon of Vieons. From the 85tb of Oct. unu
 night of tbs 31st, when that event _oe-
curred, a fierce and continuous conflict 100
 place, in which two hmidred thousand men
 .rere engaged. Two thousand men are said
 |:u hare been killed. The troops entered the
 j srity just to tune to •a'fe the Imperial Palace,
 with it* various eollectioos of art f from brine
 wirnt to the ground by the rebels. Mania'
 aw has been proclaimed in the capital, an i
 ..any leaders of the revolt hate been shot.—
 \rtKMig th*»e was Robert Blum, of Leipetc.a
 nember of ihe German National Assembly at
 Frankfoit,'who, previous to his execution,
 was tried by court martial. The other no.
 nerau* executions have scarcely been noticed;
 nit every one is engrossed with the Kntener
 xectiled on Blum, and gloomy apprehension*
 I pervade the minds of the people. Although
 the rebellion is crushed for the present, n*
 j conciliatory measure* have been adopted by
 the victors and tt seems probable that event*
 ually the government will toe the course oi
 vengeance they arc now pursuing As Blum
 was a member of the German Parliament, it
 is expected that violent discussions will arise
 on the privileges of that Assembly, and a t
 j .severe vote of censure is expected from Frank-=
 fort against Prince Windischgratx, for order
 ing the execution of one of its members.—
 Com.-uiasionera of inquiry have already beer,
 sent thence to tenna. The breach betweei
 Austria and Germany seems widening; and a
 recent vole on certain questions of the Consti
 tution, has done a good deal towards its in*
 crease. “It forces'’ (says a correspondent ol
 one of our daily papers) the Austrian Era
 jKTUT to come fbnvatd, and say chat Ac \v%U bt
 —a prince under the majesty of the Genqan j
 Empire, or an independent monarch of his j
 Sclavonic races. It compels the German
 Austrians to make their choice between a
 Germanic and a Sclavonic empite.” This
 vote is deemed necessary to the well-being oi
 the newly established German Empire, as it
 would be ruinous for it to become involved in
 the Maqyar and Sclavonic quarrel of Austria.
 The secession of Austria from Germany,
 ems almost certain. Berlin has been in a
 state of semi-revolution and revolt for some
 time pa-t, owing principally to the impru
 dence of the king ol Prussia, in commission
 ing Count Von Brandenberg (one of the ab
 sol utist regime) to form a ministry, and in re
 solving to remove the seal of government from
 Berlin to Brand, rburg. A proclamation was
 issued, commanding the dissolution of the
 Burgher Guard, which spread consternation
 through the city then Berlin was declared to
 be in a slate of siege, and martial law was en
 forced. The King appears to have been ob- j
 stinate and indiscreet, and the Patriots and j
 Democrats determined. The former express-}
 is a desire to carry out the principles of the j
 new Constitution. But can he he trusted
 The last accounts from Berlin appear to say, j
 that all means of resistance have been retnov- j
 ed from the capital, and that ninety per cent,
 of the arms of the civic guard have been sur
 rendered. If anarchy be rightly suppressed,
 and the monarch keeps his word in all integri- 1
 ty, and establishes the Constitution, we may
 hope that brighter days will before long dawn j
 on Prussia.
 Home news next time. S. P. Q. R.
 Philadelphia, Dec. 16, 1848.
 Messrs. Editors From a perusal of
 your paper, 1 find you have no direct news
 from this city. If agreeable to you, I w.U
 drop you an item every week, by which you
 may learn how mattets progress here.
 The Anti-Slavery feeling is still alive
 among our people. Friend Delany lectured
 on Monday evening at Brick Wesley Church,
 i befotc the Young Men’s Anti-Slavery So
 ciety. I was not piesent, but learned they
 had a refreshing time.
 The Delegates by this time have completed
 their business at Hairisburg. Philadelphia
 did not do her part this tune, so far as the
 raising of means to defray the expenses of the
 j Delegates was concerned. Had it not been
 for the indefatigable exertions of the ladies,
 together with a few societies, many of the
 delegates would have been obliged to remain at
 home.
 The ladies are getting up a monster Fair,
 to come off during the holidays, to be held at
 f the Philadelphia Institute. No doubt it will
 be something rich, foi the females are very
 zealous when they put their heads together.
 The quarrel in Bethel hurch, between the
 Trustees and elders, is not yet settled, having
 been thrown into Court. The Grand Jury, a
 few days since, found a true bill against both
 patties. How the matter w ill end, remains to
 be seen. PALMETTO.
 Legislative Proceedings is South Caro
 lina.—The following resolutions have been
 introduced into the Senate of South Carolina,
 by the Honorable Joseph A. Black
 1. Resolved, That there is good reason to
 apprehend that it is the deliberate intention ot
 j ihe people of the Northern States of this
 Union, to emtH»dy into any bill which any be
 passed by Cougr-ss, organizing Territorial
 i Governments for New Mexico and aiiforma,
 a provnrion for excluding slavery from said
 territory.
 ‘J. Resolved, That we would regard the
 passage of 6uch a law by Congress, as a gross
 violation of th j Federal compact, an outrage
 up*m the rights of the Southern States, and a
 I wanton undisguised insult; and that a sub
 mission would be degrading and infamous.
 3. Resolved, Thst the State of South Caro
 lina never will, in any contingency, or undet
 any circumstances, submit to any law passed
 bv Congress bv which slavery shall be exclu
 ded from any territory belonging to this Gov
 eminent, and lying south of the parallel ol
 j ihnty-six degrees, thirty minutes north lali-
 I*ude.
 4. Received, That in the event of the jpaa
 -age of such a law by Congress, that llie Gov
 ernor of this State, lor toe time being, con
 vene the Legislature thereof immediately, in
 t ordei that such action may be taken as shall
 lie deemed necessary and proper.
 5. Resolved, That the State of South Caro
 lina earnestly invites the attention of her sis
 j ipr States of the South to this important sub-
 J j»rt, and is ready to meet aud consult with
 1 them, at such time and in such manner as may
 be deemed advisable, as to the heat and must
 effectual mode of avoiding or resisting the dan
 gers with which we are, in common, threat
 ened.

 The Oldest Voter in America—Mr.
 1 Hughes a revolutionary saidiet in the Io7ib
 j .ear of his age, was taken to the polls in
 Rockbridge Co. Vs., at the late electing by
 1 a friend in a carriage drawn by fear duo
 horses.
 Cholera. We are requested to stats that
 D C. Dt hcomse's cure and preventiva ol
 Choi ra is for snla tl the principal Drug
 St ires i i Rochesur.
Hrirr E. Le»b
 During the month of o.fot*»r last, term
 of scientific leetoie? vis «M»vrred in fb»
 city by Dt. HrsMT H. under lb*
 auspices of so a-w ciniiao of colored ritfim*.
 who eagerly improved the opponunitv of lis
 tening to one who, though not boasting of
 Anglo-Saxon blood, had by dint of applica
 tor] qualified himself to impart a knowledge
 of phrenology, mesmerism, and other inter
 sting branches of science; with the wo
 oriner he evinced a famihauty both m the
 lecture room and the social circle at core gra
 tifying and instructive. While in Liverpool,
 t combination of circumstances (the details
 »f which were narrated in hts introductory)
 resulted in hi? secuiing the valmble aid ot
 Dr. Ferguson, who generously tendered b:ui
 facilities for prosecuting bis medical studies,
 suce his return to this country, Dr. Lewis
 its resided in Michigan, in many parts oi
 which State, he has lectured on the sciences
 itid on many topics of moral reform, anti
 slavery, temperance, capital punishment,
 women's rights, natural and revealed religion.
 Ac. His visit to Rochester was opportune
 tor a literary society being in contemplation,
 nis mental feasts created an impetus which ii
 is fondly hoped may be no false criterion by
 which to judge the future; for though the
 ‘Hurts put forth have not yet proved triumph
 ant, the germ, we trust, is destined to become
 i bud of much beauty, by assiduous cUtiva
 iion to expand into a tree of knowledge, from
 which the aspiiants for improvement and ele
 vation may pluck the frwtof more value than
 u bies.
 As Dr. Lewis is expected soon to be in
 Rochester, a course of lectures may be anti
 cipated, which should be patroniM'd bv the
 citizens generally.
 At the termination of the series alluded to,
 the following tribute was concurred in, and
 published in the Advertiser and American of
 this city
 Resolved, that we gratefully appreciate the
 ental and moral lessons tendered us by our
 friend and brother, Dr. Henry E. Lewis, oi
 Michigan, through the medium of his lectures
 &gt;n phrenology and mesmerism, and would
 ‘heerfully commend his efforts to the favor
 »ble attention of all votaries of science and
 reform.
 Rochester, Dec. 19, 18*18. w.c.n.
 The Levelling Ace. —Fred Douglass, a
 runaway negro who has been made a great
 man in the North, and is ed tor of a news
 paper somewhere in Massachusetts, has come
 out in an art cl.• abusive of the Hon. Robert
 C. Winihrop, whom he calls a ‘cetnpromis
 ive creature!’ A state ofs: ciety which gives
 countenance to such ‘large liberty’ as this,
 must be a very interesting one indeed It is
 certainly quite ‘progressive’ enough for the
 uost radical taste in the country—Winches
 ter, Va. Repvblican.
 ICPDouglass’s ‘North Star’ is printed a
 Rochester, New’ York. Massachusetts wasn't
 big enough for Fred to swing in. —Ohcc
 Branch.
 Hon. J. G. Palfrey. —We hold to doing
 jusiice to every man, We consider Mr. Pal
 frey's radical abolitionism dangerous— but he
 is evidently a high-minded aud honest m in.
 Ho has lived up to his professed anti-slavery
 principles. He is not a man of any very con
 siderable property—the value of'his slaves
 whom he liberated was at least $lO,OOO in
 New Orleans. He not only freed them, but
 wtDt himself to Louisiana, and brought them
 to the State of Massachusetts, and provided
 them with situations where they could earn
 their living.
 This is widely different from the course ol
 that rabid brawler, Win. Lloyd Garrison
 We once some fifteen years since, heard him
 say he would sooner give a dollar to help a
 sick horse than pay one cent to buy the free
 dom of a negro slave. Garrison, like the old
 Pharisaical hypocrites, has always been put
 iing heavy burdens on the people, w hilst lie
 will not sacrifice one red cent to free the
 slave.
 We must, therefore, judging by the men’s
 works, sav, that whatever are his errors, Pro
 fessor Palfrey is an honest man while, by the
 same God-appointed rule, Garrison is a con
 temptible hypocrite, a misanthrope, in the
 worst sense of that wor Olive
 Branch.
 South Carolina. —The Richmond Whig’
 *n noticing the South Carolina threat of kick
 ing up a row, says
 Again we say let her secede hut let he
 also stop talking about it. She has done n&lt;i
 thing but talk, talk, talk, for twenty years
 and she has not yet seceded. Let her do it a
 once, and be done with it.
 Convention at Harrisburg. —Our town
 is toll ot colored citizens, Delegates from dif
 ferent pails of who have assembled
 obedient to a call for a State Convention to tre
 held to-morrow w ith a view of petitioning the
 Legislature to extend them the rights that are
 guaranteed to other citizens, and with an ulti
 mate design of obtaining the elective fran
 chise. Some foity delegates are now in town
 aud by the morning cars, an addition equal to
 a hundred of this oppressed people wdl meet
 in council to deliberate tib best course to pir
 sue by which their s&lt;jctal, inoral, and political
 Condition can be ameliorated and advanced.
 The proeedings of th *ir Convention 1 will
 endeavor to forward you, as several of the
 delegaies are men of enlarged view s and un
 doubted tilen'.— C'orr. Phil. Republic.
 Prior Foster. —James G. King, employ
 ed hi the Ocean Mdl, Newbury port, writes
 to us for information res[»eciiiig a colored nun,
 j going by the name of Prior Filter, General
 1 Agent of the Woodstock Manual Labor
 Company in Michigan,’ wbo has lately vtsi
 ted that town, and collected «&gt;f the optatives
 j m that Mill about filteeo dollars. Alter he
 had gone, some of the girl* said that he urged
 them to change their names, and go with
 him,’ which Mr. King justly considers a very
 suspicious and highly repreh risible act. W e
 think »o too. We have never had say con
 fidence in Mr. Foster, or the feasibility of his
 Manual Lab** scheme; and though he ha*
 contrived, by his adroitness, to obtain certi
 ficate* and liberal donations ttom well-known
 friend* of the colored p«»pulaiioD, we ire
 satisfied that he ought not to be encouraged
 For at least six years, («td how much longer,
 we do oot know,) be hlbeeo scouring the
 country, with untiring pefieverance and
 great pecuniary suedfess, having collected
 several thousand dollars—but, to what pur
 pose, we have yet to be convinced.— Ltberalar
 No CoMHWMis* —Mr. Poik recommends
 aod urges the adoption of the Missouri line
 oo the Slave question. We arc sick—tired—
 of the words Compromise—harmony of the
 Union. If «*or Übhjo cannot be pres sed,
 without extending SiAl LR\ all over Cre
 ation to propitiate ibe breeder*, and buyers,
 and planters of the Free Latior hating South,
 then nb time that it was blown uuo as many
 frag menu, as there arc particles of gold-dust
 m the Territory we, by rubbery acquired of
 Mexico No SLAVES in those tomes. No
 HUMAN CHATTELS in that land. It
 aow FREE— *i nwwtin FREE- NO
 COMPROMISE' NO CONCESSION is
 FAVOR of SLAVERY. FREEDOM OR
 DISSOLUTION Ibe blustering, bullying
 *mth, m*y bs*e its psufrrtnca. Iff*-'
 disunion,” ifr* jneieri
 amv would soon be the
 w e ALL WHO. ARE NOW
 QnSmd Tn* Jkmterm.Jfgt
t£ ommer (i nl.
RoCBEiTKK.DK.iI&gt;, IMS.
 efored for the &lt;w a ad dv.-re ha*
 ham f *Ama§ u u» Flaw nr Wh« liar# am ha
 report. —FVw ia bl&gt;L, ha*
 cuh retail *»lr* bar* 4«rn Whmt artW from
 wafonin f 1,06 ClOB f&gt; v Othrr fn.iar rr«aain»
 U oar pnri«b &lt;yaMatk*fc&gt;. ihtff
 lit'te data*.—Fre«b P.irk «elh freely at £4 37
 4 €3, and theta hn hrf» mwiiurahle (feat
 i .hr article.
 R»chc&lt;trr Wholesale Price* C«nval.
 f r LOUR A*v ME VL—Drrtv 20 r ad nl
 i FUr, r 500
 Cora awal. f fcuj.h 30
 PROVISIONS— Only; Reef.Pork.Tlam*, Karoo.
 Balter and Lard. 20 ip r fVnc SO if c ad ral
 Fork, (a»s«) 12 on
 Do. ia bog 4 N 4 3)
 Beef, cwi. 3 50 4 30
 j Do. bfcL (met*) 700« 8 00
 Lard (tried) pft &lt;2-8
 Do. (leaf,) e.. 6
 Half#, (smoked) 7 42 8
 shoulders, do 6 0
 ft ..0
 Chickens 0
 Potatoes, bush 44 iff 0
 IRA l.\—Dutv; 20f rad ral
 Wheat, toll 106
 I Corn 50 53
 'Rye 30
 Oats 26 27
 RaHn £0
 HIDES?—Duty; 5 P e ad val
 j Slaughter 3|
 Calf ..10
 Sheep Pelta 12J ff 25
 SEEDS— Duty; Linwed lOf c; Mustard 10 y
 c ad ral
 Clorer
 Timothy ISi
 Flax 1 00
 FlSH—Duty on foreign caught; 20 ip c ad ral
 j Whitefish obi 700
 Codfish cut 3 60
 SUNDRIES—
 Sah, bid 125
 Apples, bush .00
 Do. dried 42 73
 Eggs, «lo* 10
 Beans, \f bush 75 iff 100
 Hay, ton 10 00
 Hard wood
 Soft Wood
-Ibuertisemcnts.
 JOB PRINTING.
 The north star office, i* furnished
 \v it new Job Type, for tlw execution of ever}
 (Icacrintion of Printing with neatness and despatch
 at the lowest prices for cash, vix:
 Hand-bills, Blanks, Bill-heads,
 Programmes, Circulars, Bills of Lading
 i Pamphlets. Cards. Labels, &amp;c.
N arrative of the life of Freder
 ick DO L G LASS, written by himself, to hip
 had at this office, price 30 cents.
 Open to the Public, from 9, A.M. to 8 P.M.
 The anti-slavery office asu read
 ing ROOM, No. 25, Buffalo Street. The
 Room is neatly furnished, and the tables filled with
 some of the best Anti-Slavery, Temperance, Reli
 gious, Political ami Literary Papers.
 WAIT J. LEWIS, Land Surveyor, Keene, Essex
 County, N. Y. Owners of Land in the Coun
 ties of Essex, FrinkKn, or Hamilton, can. have their
 Lauds Surveyed on reasonable terms.
 Cash Grocery and Provision Store.
 No. 133, Main street, corner of North street.
 JUST received a full assortment of new choice
 Groceries:
 15 hlids. su.’ar of various qualities
 j 16 bids Stuar’ls crushed and coffee sugar
 i Bhh Is Molasses
 St tart's syrup, a beautiful article for table n«e
 16 chests imperial Old Hyson and Young Hyson,
 and Black Teas of superior quality.
 I have as choice a lot of Teas as can be found in
 the city; pure fragrant Old Hyson, supei ior fresh
 selected Young Hyson, and extra black. Evert)
 pound fold will be warranted.
 i Rice, Raisins, Fmit, Spices, and a variety of
 mi.-collaneoua articles, too numerous to mention.
 Pork, Lard, and Hams,
 Codfish, Mackerel, &amp;r. &amp;c.
 My prices shall be as low as at any establishment
 in the city, as I purchase at the lowest rates in the
 Eastc-n market, and sell for cash. Farmers, city
 •families, and dealers are invited to rail, examine
 and purchase, if they ran make their purchases mu
 tually advantageous, as I tiust they can.
 G. B'. STEBBINS.
 Rochester, Dec. 1, 1848. 3m 19
 A
 Free Labor Groceries.
 I HAVE just and iall keep constantly
 on hand, a good assoitment of
 Brown and White Sugars,
 Molasses, Rice, and Coffee,
 All the products i f Free Labor. Those in want o!
 such goods me invited to purchase, and can be as
 sured of the genuineness of the aiticlcs.
 G. B. STEBBINS,
 133, Main, corner of North street.
 Rochester, Per. 1,1848. 3m49
 CHARLES JON S, North S.ar House, No. 26,
 North Street, between Fifth and Sixth, and
 Maiket and Arch streets, Philadelphia.
 Strangers veiling the city vul find the Noitli
 Star tiouae the most cential, convenient and com
 fortable Hnuse in Phila le'phia.
 Philadelphia, Dec. 1, 1848 3mt9
 \gw Hatch and Jewelry Store.
 JOHN KF.DZIE having change I hi* partneisbi|
 relations, has remove I his Shop two dome
 North to No. 11, Sutte Street, where lie is prepaied
 suerp«-ful!y to compete in t!&gt;e sale of an enti e new
 ‘Stock of Goods, consisting of Gold and Silver
 English, Anchor, Horizontal an I Vertical Watclies,
 I Gold Guar and Fob Chains, (.old Seals and Keys,
 Col I and Silver Pencil.-, Spectacles ami Thimbles,
 Gold Ear-Rinz*, Bracelet-, ami Finger-Ring*—a
 good assortmc t, cheap; a variety of Ladies’and
 Gentlemen’s BreastJ’i'w, new style; double and
 i tingle Hunting gold and plate I Lockets, Gold Pens,
 best quality, Silver and Shell Couibe aud Cases,
 j Fine CutL ry, &amp;c. Ac.
 Tlie above ami a variety of oilier desirable Goods
 usually kept in our Isuiucss, are offered on more ad
 nanUze u. terms than usual; ami it is particularly
 desired that the good* sliould be examined, an
 price* ascertained, before purchasing elsewhere iu
 i this market.
 We manufactuie an 1 keep on hand a good assort
 ment of Silver Spoons, warra-.ted a* pure as Ame
 rican coin-
 Will also keep an assortment of Arcordeon* aud
 other Musical which will be sold very
 low.
 We intend to keep a gso I assortment of the be*
 Bra*. Etg u&gt; lay, 3i rv&gt;u. an 1 aLru n Clicks, a* can
 be fau'ii in this city.—Cali aa l sve them.
 WATCH REPAIRING, faithfully dour and war
 ranted by an experienced workman.
 Farther particulars at No. 11 Stale Street.
 J. KEDZIE it Go.
 P. S.—To the Farmer* in particular we wool
 give notice, that we have a variety Of Barometer.
 I which will give that knowledge of the changes of the
 weather, so as to be able to atop* his business to its
 variation- Please call and examine them, as every
 man oaght to ha*e one.
 Sep. 16,1848. 6m.
 i ________
 AUBURN aid ROCHESTER
 RAIL-ROAD
 nS jlod alter Monday, 23d October the three Pass-
 VCiPl 1 r Trams will be attained as follow*—
 Basrw sao.—To leave Rochester at 4 a m., 11
 A.*., and 41 P.B.
 Westward.— To lease Auburn at 2) a.m.,4
 a.m., nod 4ft m.
 No Train leaves Rochester Eastward oo Sunday
 j at 11 a. or at 7ft r.n.
 No Train leaves Ankara Westward on HandMM*
 4ft a.a., nor on Monday at 2ft a.a.
 On and after Ute Ist November, ths fare between
 Rochester and Airfaim will be 32 20 ta firm da*,
 fears. Tickets wig also he sold aautbMtke hokfei
 to a area in the Em gratn cars leaving Rochester at
 74 r. a., at reduced prices, to be paWishrd hereaf
 ter.
 These tickets are from lockrttr to fljnear,
 Utica and Atony only, gang East. This (rain is
 toned to rat to A toajr at IS hagts from Bogftßtfar
 The other two trains are wad 10 ml 4
 Mf* Ora*
 H'M. WILEY. Snperiattarfa*.
 4g|virr, Oct, 18, 1848.
 ~Tutr-t«tf a* uASnut* M
 pALPH FRANCIS’#
Book**,
 Ornci i
 mf 1
 £*H*»
 'rrsfctf M I

 Torinii*
 itpvymn m I'weows
 PkiHijn reply to
 l&gt;t»« *i l-Arnj.
 SUwn iHtotmril by
 Abo a rich rarirtv &lt;w
 made by lb La&amp;i' Am
 DK. A.
 DEmt 91
 I would ve*prctf«lH inform ib
 inti nitMtoilint oonoirx Oku
 !ofirr from No. 8f» Smith's An
 boo-e No. 92 Monroe Street.
 1 hanklol for past favor* in ifr
 ,‘inn. .m i ftaneritif myself that I
 s&amp;ti«£tr6on to all *V&gt; may favur m
 trooagr. 1 woakl invite all tbrxt
 stems ot"having operation* pftiimrJ
 of having teeth iwrtnl to rail on rr
 themselves.
 W A. t
 N’. B. Ail operations performed try r
 teeth aud Plate Work wanraittel.
 Rochester, Oct. 18. I*4B.
 SBW PIMP MfSITT
 PIE subscriber takes this method to inform
 citizens of Rochester and vicinity, that he
 just established a Pomp Factory, at* number 2.
 Main street, where he will he happy to wait upon a
 who may favor him with their patronage.
 Having had considerable experience in his line oi
 business, lie pledges himself to furnish as good an
 article, and of as good material, as can be procured
 at any other similar establishment in this city. His
 Pumps are furnished with either wood or lead pipe,
 as may suit customers. He also suspplies, to order,
 every description of Aqueduct Logs, or Lead Pipe.
 The subscriber will take pleasure in directing such
 of bis customers as may require the information, to
 competent workmen, who nil! attend to all call* for
 digging, drilling, or blasting wells, promptly, and at
 reasonable rates. All kinds of Pumps repaired to
 I order.
 I OCJ* The whove work will be furnished at the
 lowest prices, for cash. Persons trill do well to
 give him a call before purchasing elsewhere.
 J. R. FF.LT.
 Rochester, July 14,1818. 1y29
 i
 New and Second-Hand nothin?,
 At 48, Exrkutige Strcrt Rochester.
 LLOYD SCOTT would mo?t respectfully inform
 hi* friends and the Public generally, that lie Iri*
 constantly on hand an excellent astortincnt of New
 and Second Hand Clothing, such as Coats, Panta
 loons, Vest*, with which he will supply
 Customers at tlic most reas ‘liable Prices.
 1 L. S. desires also to infirm tlm Public, diat hr
 attends to repairing and renovating, which lie war
 rants to be none at the cheapen rite, and in tb«
 best and neatest possible manner. His long exjeu
 ence in the business warrants him in assuring al
 who may patronize him, that his woik shall he uoo»
 to dieir entire satisfaction.
 Rochester, July 14,1848.
THUNKSJ TKIiNKSJ
 THE first quality of article is to be had at LAINd
 BOSWELL’S new Establishment, N-&gt;. 59
 State Stivet, Rochester. Also a general assort
 ment of Valises,.Travelling Bags, &amp;c., which an
 offe.cd at the very lowest prices f&gt;r Cash.
 Carriage Trimming executed in the latent styli
 and with dirpatch, by J. T. Laing, at his old stain
 in State Street, opposite the Mansion House
 J. T. L. having had extensive experience in tin
 Eastern markets, hopes to give satisfaction to j
 generous public who shall fuv«&gt;r him with tiicir pa-
 I tronage:
 Rochester, July 11, 1818. 3m
 POST AND WILLIS, Dealers in Drugs, Medi
 cines, Clicmicala, Dye S tuft's, Paints, Varnish,
 Oils, Glassware, Bmslirs, Perfumery, Daguerreotype
 Stock, French and German Chemical-^ Artists’
 Colors, Brushes a id Canvass, Ktherial Oil, Gold
 Leaf and Foil, &amp;.c. Stc.
 Being Agents for most of the celebrated Family
 and valuable Patent Medicines, and receiving the
 same directly from the Manufacturers or their Agents,
 they are enabled to supply all orders at wholesale
 and retail, on tlie most favorable terms.
 Homeopathic Books, Medicines, and Family
 Cases, w ith full directions. Only agents for West
 ern New York.
 Also, Sherwood’s Vibratory Magnetic Machines,
 with directions.
 Phosgene Gas; also Ethrrial Oil and Lamps, foi
 burning the same. Those who would consult cco
 -1 nomv and convenience are invited to examine them
 I Lamps. The attention of Country Merchant.*, Phy
 j aicians, Families, and others, wishing goods in tin
 above liue, is requested at the APOTHECARIES
 HALL, 4, Exchange Street.
 FIR AND SILK HATS.
 FARRINGTON PRICE, manufacturer anrl
 dealer in Fur and Silk Hats, Cloth and Fm
 Caps, Ladies’ Furs and Trimmings, Buffalo Robe*
 and an assortment of Hat Cai-es, Umbrellas, Sic.,
 Sic. Stc., Vo. 2, St. Paul Street, Minerva Block.
 Qcy* A usual supply of Buckskin Gloves and
 Mittens
 ROCHESTER SHOE AND LEATHER
 f JOBBING HOUSE.
 THE subscribers at No. 22 State street, take plea
 sure in announcing to the public that they have
 completed arrangements by which they are enabled
 to offer the most satisfactory inducements to all en
 gage-1 in the sale or manufacture of Boots and Shoes,
 to come to this market for a supply.
 They are also offering on the most favorable terms,
 a large stock of Sole an 1 Upper Leather, Kip, Calf,
 and Morocco Skins, u ith a full assortment of Find
 ing, including Lasts, Pegs, Ac. Dealers will find if
 greatly to their interest to examine our stock befon
 purchasing elsewhere.
 jylO SAGE PANCOST.
 PRINTING PA PR AGENCY.
 YI7E are Agents for the Bu alo Paper .Mill*,
 »v where Paper of the best quality is ma le fiom
 pure spring water, veiy white and smooth. A imp
 ed v of News an I Book Paper kept constantly fin
 sale by us, at Mill prices, in large or small lots.
 Any size and quality of Pajier not on ham!, fur
 lishe l at short notice.
 Printers and others will do well to -ill and exam
 ine the quality ami price, at No. fi Exchange st.
 FISHER k Co.
 jy2l Book.-elk-r- 1 ami Publishers.
BOSTON IifE«TIBEMESTB.
 NEW BOOKS.
 FOR SALK at the Auti-Sbvery Depository, 21,
 Con i h i U—name Iy,
 The Liberty iicli fin 1448. A lew copies remain.
 Life of Wifliaui W. 4inmn, 2J Edition, w itit ad
 tiooal matter ami new engravings. Puce, hounc
 37i eu; in [taper cuvers, 23 eta.
 Hr. Sharkfont’s A|&gt;|&gt;eal in legard to the War with
 Mexico, 12£ di.
 Position ami Duties of tlie North, with regard t
 I Shtrry. By Andrew P. Peabuoy. 5 cts.
 Six &gt;1 Hi/iis at Viraeienberg. By tieur t VN livbt
 ft ,00.
 Dirk Crow niugshiel 1, tiie assassin, ami Zachaiy
 Taylor, the Siloiti; tlte Dift-rrme h tsri'
 I tiem. By Henry C. Wright. 2 cu. single; 2§
 eu. per dozen.
 CLARKSON,
 LONDON EDITION—WITH PORTRAIT.
 A FEW copes of CLARKSON’S iila'l OK\
 OF THE ABOLITION OF THE SLAV t
 j TRADE, with prefatory remarks on the *d«e»pieui
 slxjliU.n of Siavery a ijrr.mtiful London edition,
 with a Sot Portrait of the Author, done on ateel,—-
 I which could not he imported (or leu than three
 toilers, can he had at 21, Cwnhiil, if applied in
 &lt;m«neni.ately, at the very low puce of Os* Doll ta.
 creb. A too, EL LOCU M ON CLARKSON. by
 AnniDta Crl mhell, at the reduced price m
 twelve and a half ruu.
 MACON B. ALLEN, Attorney and Counsellor
 at Law, Massachusetts Block.
 i
 BOVS’ CLOTHING.
 SAMI EL WILSON, 10, Brattle Street, having
 made recent addition* u&gt; hrs slock, is ntuutd to
 ioraiah BOIS’ CLOTHING, of aa good material
 sad fit, and at as cheap price*, as ran he obtained in
 be city.
 NEW ENGLAND SECOND HAND
 CLOTHING STORE,
 I JOHN WRIGHT keeps constantly u laud a
 ismSSK2srrijSs‘
 Watches, Dwtt and Shoes, Ik., nrku%d tut new
 etahtaf. Cash advaared on alt kinds of foods,
 (ioKooaloonthwKlrt***.

 ISAAC U. SNOWDEN, Bank,
 1 fwtj Job Printer, Ik. Water Street.
 All seders prewpsy twredad re. **A ~BtT
 \r~*
e
 UM&gt;
 ~c. would b*
 jLIDGE WILEY,
 12, W atcr Strrti, Bouton
 -r HT MORRIS, Jr., Attorney and Cow*
 v ur a t Law, Braur’* Building, Bute Street,
 i Boston.
 JOHN D. REVALEON, Hair Cmtint Haloos,
 atxi Perfumery Emporium, 114, Biackstone-st.
 XEU VORk ADVERTISEMENTS.
 i
 JUST PUBLISHED, anti for sale at the ottce of
 0 of the Anti Slavery Standard—
 Tlh* Legion of Liberty, and Force of Truth, 10th
 I edition.
 Thin work contains about 230 page* of dose
 i rending; 300 eminent authorities, ami about sixty
 illustrative engraving*. Price 37|cts. in muslin,
 ami 23 cents in paper covers. A ve«y liberal dis
 ci.tint to those who purchase a number of copies.
 The Condition, Influence, Rights and Appeal of
 Women,from various atuimr*, 12| rents.
 Letter to the People of the United States, touching
 tive .Matter of Slavery. By Theudot* Parker.—
 pp. 120. Price 18j cents. j,
 l\ in. W. Brow n’s Lecture before the Female A S.
 Society of Salem, Mass. Reported by H. M.
 Parkhurst, Boston —pp. 22. Price 6 cents.
 WILLIAM 8. POWELL, Sailor’s Home, 61,
 v Cl terry Stieet.
 DR. J. M’CUNE SMITH, 93, Wet Broad
 way.
 T 1 JIXNINGS, Surgeon-Dentist, 183, North
 A Broadwav.
 j JOSEPH C. HOLLY, Boot au*l Shoe Maker,
 0 No. 97, Cianliery Street, Broohlyiv
 N-B. R pairing neatly executed at the aborted
 notice and on tire most reasonable term?.
 ____________ f
 PIILIP A. WHITE, Druggist, comer of Frank
 fort and Gold Street.
 GENTEEL HOARDING IIOI’SF.
 CHARLES HIGHGATE, would rfpc&lt;tfolly in
 form his friend* anti the public, tLal «w* continues
 I to devote even attention to those pleaded to favor
 his “home” with a call. The house is pleasantly
 i located at 632 Broadway, Albany.
 Feb. IS, 18 IS.

 •fITILLIAM RICH, Hair Dressing and Bathing
 VV Saloon, Troy House, Troy, N'yw Yotk.
 NEW PUBLICATION*.
 WILL BE READY IN A FF.JV DAYS,
 Wai.ker’a Appeal, with a brief .ketch of
 his life by Henry Highland darnel.
 Also, Garnet’s Address io the .V"o-&lt;. of the Uni
 ted States. This address was rcjeeic.l by the Na
 tional Convention ut Buffalo in 1843. Tire edition
 is small, and those who desire copies will do well to
 I send in their orders early.
 JUST PUBLISHED, a Lecture entitled T«*
 Past and Present Condition or mi Color
 Ell Race, by Henry Highland Garni.
 I Published at Trov, N. Ordem attended to.
 j April 28,8 m.
 i
 General Intelligence Dfllcf.
 GEO. W. GOINES having opened mi Establish
 ment at the Phii.adei.phia Institute,
 Loinhard Street, above Seventh, fir the purpose of
 procuring honest and faithful dorr.t sties for those
 who may require them, and obtaining plares for
 -rich as are qualified and in want thereof, begs leave
 refer to the following named gentlemen, who have
 kindly permitted the use of their names as
 references:
 Andrew M’Makin Editor of tlic American Courier
 Robert Morris, Editor of the Inquirer
 Jasper Harding, Publisher of the Inquirer
 diaries J. Peterson, Editor of Neal’s Gazette
 Tiios. B. Florence, E itorof 'l imes and Keystone
 Robert Howell, 88, Chesnut Street
 Hilliam J. Mullen, 278, Catherine Street.
 Philadelphia, Sept. 1, ISIB. ly 36.
 t
 DR. D. J. PECK, Physician and Surgeon, Phi
 ladelphia Institute, Lombard Street, above
 Seventh. ly—36
 FREE PRODUCE STORE.
 NEW GOODS just recived. General reduction
 in prices.
 Fine 4-4 Prints, various style*.
 Vow styles of Prim* of medium quality, usual width.
 Fine and wide Paper Muslins. AJwf Colored
 Cambric*.
 Curtain Calico. Superior fine Chintz Umbrella*.
 Oil Cloths.
 Satinets, good and cheap. Also on hand, mostly at
 reduced prices, Ginghams, various qualities and
 Hy It:*.
 Fine a*t«l heavy Shirting, Slieetings, and Pillow
 Muslins.
 Striped Cambrics. Fine 6-1 Plaid Muslin.
 Muslin de Laiae, plain and neatly figured, all wool
 Linens, warranted free from cotton,
 t tunnel* 4-4 good and price low. Caulou flannel*,
 white and colored.
 Table Diaper and Cloths, of different styles.
 Api on an.. Furniture Check. Cotton Handkerchief-,.
 Cotton 1 willed Pantaloon Stuffs. Also Linen
 Diilling, Sir.
 I/ong ami halt Hose, line and heavy.
 Knitting Cotton, various No*., bleached, brown,and
 eolmed.
 adding, white ami colored Cotton Laps. Also,
 Ketinen Loaf, Ciusbed, and Pulvei ized Sugar.
 Biown Sugar, good quality, of various grades.
 Tbe wh le stock exclusively Free Labor Goods,
 to which tlie Subscriber would invi*e the attention
 of c Ainuy merediauts, as well a* his friends and the
 public generally.
 i Much pains i» taken by the Managers of the Fiee
 Procure Association, to a**i»i tlx* Subscriber to «n-
 Urge tlx* ausoiisMnt from tise to time.
 TAYLOR.
 Northwest router Fifth and CWrtyit*.
 Philadelphia 2 1 mo. Ist, 18*18. tf
Free Labor Loo4*.
 VT A N t'FACTL RED by Hi* Aam**n p m Pro
 *lJ dure A cun n. ano Lr ante at Kit. SI, .North
 FiMf.beri, PhilMtXpbia:
 Manrbrater Ginghauna; Cheek*, Apron and Fur
 oitoir, Canton t bowel, nofcfeacfaetj; M«lw,
 ur«cbed and u. bb-aelw.l, of raii-o* &lt;yn»iitiea and
 width; thin Muatin fc/r lining*, brown and odureri;
 Bin* tf« l-kuk and while Wackisif;
 Count* Lops; Luup Wok; Bed TVkiog, m n&lt;
 ceik-ot article; C*hco, Htoek.ne*, Kami, g CoUon,
 lu. kr.
 Order* ft* Cwndi, or letter* dean in* iatrMlM,
 be addmoed v, J Miller NcKiaa. 31, North
 F iiunrrct; Daniel L. Miller, Tentb-atreet; or In
 Jamea Mott, No. 35, Chur.h AU*-y.
 A large. and handmuoat aaaoruueot of Print* now
 on band. j«l—if
 Aill-Slavrry Oflke,
 .Vo. 31, Forth Fifth Stmt, VhilmUtfhu.
 AFI I.L uMtwtm of Omkwrjf pa+d***—
 i* kept conetaMiy on band. Alan bandaaya
 »»iirj of ouarelboeom jjdW ration*, and naenf
 and Fanry S'atanriy.
 All letieia relating U&gt; the b» (fTff
 In be liinrtnl m Mdk* H*k»i
 Fifib-atieet, Pbikdrlpb*.
 TtU9 PKLiWAKC ABOLITION IST
 4 PAPER af aM*n niß
 A Wiß gtm, by ibn Dataware
 Uotiin. ft mil be rddori by n and nib
 b mwt ii~* 1 weeny abatt* *t meaty
 or for |»mi|
 t daftiwd m M Mb*are, and mil ad«
 la*dad, or -men ea Aimnim be hained
 4AMIS B JBROORR
