FREDERICK IKH GLASS,
 M It. DELANY. E ,TOB
VOL I. NO. VI.
The NORTH ST \R in pobliobcd even
 Frida), at No. 23, Iluft ilo Street,
 (Oppyttft thr Amute.)
 TERM*.
 Two dollar* |vt annum, mV.-v* »J rit r
 i will lie received for a k*' p,m t ,a l
 »,x month*.
 Advertisement* not o\«-r ’i &gt;g t&lt; &gt;i in*eiAe
 three timi. for our dollar; rve.y suboxj scat inser
 tion, twenty -five rent*.
 Thi t ..f j:k N"K rnSt ar will lr- to attack
 8l ATf.Rr in all i:» firm* not a&gt;p-&lt;t*; a lv«vcat«-
 L'mvkrsai, Ke t!»t«i'ATlo&gt; exalt tlx- stan lard
 of Ptai.it M it AMI v; promote the m &gt;r.d and in
 tellec luaJ improve&lt;ne it of tie* Coi.oitMr 1'1.0P1.1
 a»xl iMjt,-. the &lt;l.»y of FREEDOM to t;i* Thru
 Mim.iox* of our Evuvto r»:i,l!Mt Cots
 a r m 5.
 ri nusiieit s s&lt; &gt;tices.
 All lomii'iication* rebti i" to th* Inww
 m litert of tii&lt; j*a[**r, ii'tiii of Mil»«’rilifr!«, reniit
 ta'ieen, t.r,, &gt;ekiul I le ad.li fc iC I t* M 11.1.1 AM t
 r ft., PaMikier.
 (£J- Vgent*, an I all ahem sending name*, wr»-
 rerjiumte-1 to be accurate, an I give th* Pwt
 the y, and tlic Si dr. Each Stiliscrdicr is* im
 tnedixt.lv credited for in mey received.
 {Xjr Any person s&gt; wiing in th jiayrncut for fair
 miWrilien, to U- forwarded to one address, may
 litre a fifth copy for o r' year.
 (0- Icitctß and c Htnmi iicatioas must be pout
 paid.
 LIST or AGENTS.
 M a at hi sktts. —K. F. W dull, 21. CortihilL
 Boston; Nat'tan Johnson, New Ue.lt. r.l; II iratt
 Foster, Lowell; Juntos V R adiim, Lynn; &lt;*vorg-
 Evans, Worresvr Bonnie Spooner, Plymouth;
 f'harles 11. Fkt't, Springfield; David Ituggl -s,
 NorthamjUou; H. ♦'.ir;e iter, I plan.
 Maim.—Oliver D meit, Portia 1 1.
 Y’rruoxt.—RovaKhl I'. Robins ou, North Fcr
 ri«hnr?.
 Cox x r.CTicrT.— Jonathan Leonard, Mei i ion.
 JV r. tv II ampsmiri'..—We, ire T.ippan. Bradford.
 Nkw York.—Sydney 11. f«av, 142, Nassau
 Street; Ja:«es MeCuie S nidi, 93. West Broadway;
 Joseph Post, rstburi, Queen fount! Maw Har
 per, Alimov Elias D -tv. Maoedon; \V ill- tts Kccse,
 I’eru.'CliitVoa C'onnfv: William S. Baltimore, Ti n
 J. F. PLitU Pen I V all; J. Je "l.ey, Geneva.
 Kiiotik Ist. a s ii,—Amarnnev Pai*!;*, Pi'ovMcuco.
 I'kxx*yi v a sia.—J. M. M’Ki'it,Sl. North Fifth
 s*trret, Pitila IHpliia; VV.tioiues, S, Exchange
 Pla-e, Ditto; 11. Yashin, B. Down, Pittsburg;
 William Whipjter, Columbia; Isa ir Robots, Jacob
 L. Paxop, .Norristown, Montg »m-ry County.
 Ohio.—-Christian D maMsoo, Cincinnati; (5.
 A'arter, Ditto; Valentine Nirlidson. Harvt-vslnirgli,
 WV arret Coil its Sam i -I Brooke, Salem.
 Mu hk, ax.—Koliert Banks, Detroit.
 Jjiuiaxa.—Joel Ik Davis, Economy, Wayne Co.
 LAW OF NEWSPAPERS.
 *l. Sal'A'-ribsr* w'.ndo not give express notice to
 the eotrtrarv’are eonsi li'ied as wishing to contivme
 Cheir sulavnplionx.
 2 'll eulwrrilsrnt order the discontinuance of their
 psjiers, tlw publislv'trt may continue to sen 1 until all
 arrearrt ar« paid.
 3. If .yih-'t rils-rs nej/1 &gt;ct or refuse to take their
 pajiers fnnn the ofti e to uhirli they aie direete I, they
 are held rw&gt;|Kin*ilile till tlies M*t(le tlieir bill an I order
 then to lx- discontinued.
 4. If snbs rib. rs m ve to other places without
 infonnimj'the [iiiblisher. an I tlieir paper is sent to
 the former direi lion, th y are led i responsible.
 5. Tin- rvarts hate derided that ivfnsinn to take
 JA newspaper ot periu-heal from the ollice, or reinoviug
 #*ifl leaving it tiataUed f&gt;r, i s;«i/Ai/nae evidence ol
 lutrnti •H it frnu I.
 Rkmovai.s.—lii giving notice r.f a t.f
 resi k-n o. be sure al l stata the jhjst U.lice to which
 tk&lt; pap'T hi- form,-:lj k.&lt; Mat.
A T 5 S L A V E K V.
 From I'arkvrV butler or. Slavery.
 CONDITION AND TREATMENT OF
 Sl.ivFS.
 (continued.)
 The slaveholder’s temptation to cru
 elty is too much for common men. 1 lis
 power is irresponsible. i is easy to
 find a stick, if you would beat a dog.
 The lash is always at hand. If a slave
 disobeys—the whip; if he is idle —the
 whip; does ho- murmur—the whip; is
 he sullen and silent —the whip; is the
 female coy and reluctant —the whip!
 Chains and dungeons arc also at hand.
 The slave is a Thing; .judge and jury
 no friends to him. The condition of
 the weak is bad enough everywhere
 in Old England and in New England;
 but when the strong owns the very
 bodies of the weak, making and exe
 cuting the laws as he will, it is not hard
 lo see to what excess their wrongs will
 .Amount —wrongs which cannot be told.
 It is often said, that the evils of
 -.slavery are exaggerated. 1 his is said
 by the masters. But the story of the
 .victim, when told by the oppressor!
 it is well known what that is. The few
 slaves who can tell the story of their
 wrongs, show that Slavery cannot
 easilv he represented as worse than it
 is. Imagination halts behind the fact.
 The lives of Moses Roper, of Luns
 ford Lane, of M oses Grundy, Frederick
 Douglass, and W. \V. Brown, arc
 jbeforc the piihTic, and prove what
 ■•could easily be learned fr.-m the ad
 vertisements of Southern newspapers,
 conjectured lrom the laws of the South
 ern states, or foretold outright from a
 knowledge of human nature itself; that
 ihe sufferings of three millions of slaves
 form a mass of misery which the ima
 gination can never realize, till the eye
 is familiar with its terrible details.
 Governor Giles, of Virginia, calls
 Slavery a punishment of the highest
 order.” And Mr. Brest on says, Hap
 piness is incompatible with slavery.”
 In the m »st important of all relations,
 that of man and w ife, neither law nor
 custom gives protection to the slave.
 Their connection may at any moment
 be dissolved by the master’s command,
 the parties be torn asunder, separated
 forever—husband and wife, child and
 in other. The infant may he torn from
 its mother s breast, and sold away out
 of her sight and power; the wife torn
 from her husband's arms, forced to the
 lust of another; for the slave is no
 Person, hut a Thing. For the chastity
 of the female there is no defence, no
 more than for the chastity of sheep and
 swine. Many are ravished in tender
 years: so is the last insult, and outrage
 the most debasing, added to this race
 of Americans. By the laws of Louis
 iana, all children born of slaves are
 reckoned as natural and illegitimate.”
 Marriage is prostitution;' sacred and
 permanent neither in the eyes of the
 churches nor the law. The female
 slave is wholly iu her master's power.
 Muiattoes are in &gt;re valuable than
 blacks. So in the slave states Lust
 (tow leagues with Cupidity, and now
THE NORTH STAR.
act* with singleness of aim. The Soutl
 is full of mulattoe?; its “best blooc
 flows in the veins of the slaves,’"
 natters owning children as white a‘
 bemselvcs. Girls, the children of mu
 at toes, arc sold at great price as food
 for private licentiousness, or public
 furniture in houses of ill-fame. Undci
 the worst of the Roman emperors this
 outrage was foi bidden, and the Prefect
 jf jin.* citv gave such slaves their frec
 rl &gt;m. But republican parents not
 rarely sell their own children for that
 abuse.
 After the formal and legal abolition
 r ,f the African slave trade, it became
 more profitable to breed slaves for sale
 n the northern slave-holding States.
 I’heir labor was of comparatively little
 ,alue to the declining agriculture of
 Delaware, Maryland, Virginia, and
 S'orth Carolina. From Planting they
 lave become, to a great degree, Slave
 &gt;reeding States. The reputed sons of
 he Cavaliers,” have found a new
 'ailing, and the “chivalry of the old
 lominion betakes itself, not to manu
 factures, commerce, or agriculture*—
 [&gt;ut to the breeding of slaves for the
 southern market. Kentucky and Ten
 nessee have embarked largely in the
 iame adventure. It would be curious
 ascertain the exact annual amount
 »f money brought into those States
 'rom the sale of their children, but the
 acts are not officially laid before the
 niblic, and a random conjecture or even
 l shrewd estimate, is not now to the
 mrpose.
 In the latter half of the last century,
 Virginia displayed such an array of
 talent and statesmanship, of eloquence,
 of intelligent and manly life, in a noble
 fonn, as lew States with the same po
 pulation could ever equal; certainly
 none in America. There were Ran-
 J dph and Mason, Wythe, Henry,
 Madison, Jefferson, Marshall, W ash
 ington her very “tobacco” could
 purchase the peace of New England
 and New York. Now Virginia is
 eminent as a nursery of slaves, bred
 and begotten for the Southern maikct.
 Ohio sends abroad the produce of her
 soil—Hour, oxen and swine; Massa
 chusetts the produce of her iniils and
 manual craft—cottons and woollens,
 hardware and shoes; while V irginia,
 chivalrous Virginia, tlie “Old nonu
 nion,” sells in the world's market the
 produce of her own loins—men-serv
 ants and maidens; her choicest exports
 are her sons and daughters. She ha?
 jornc for the nation live Presidents,
 hree of them conspicuous men, famous
 ill over the world; and Gnd knows
 tow manv slaves to till f!v soil of the
 favouring South. In I*3*2, it was
 shown in her legislature, that slaves
 verc “all the productive capacity,”
 md “constitute the entire available
 vealtli of Eastern Virginia.” The
 [’resident of William and Mary’s Col
 ejre savs, Virginia is a negro-raising
 &gt;tate for oilier States.i’homas Jef
 erson Randolph pronounced it “one
 Menagerie where men arc raised for
 he market, like oxen fertile shambles.”
 in 1031, it wms maintained in her lc ris
 ature, by T»lr. Gholson, tliat the
 nvner ot land had a reasonable rig hi
 ,o its annual profits; the owner ol
 orchards to their annual fruits the
 jwner of brood-mares to their products;
 and the owner of female slaves to their
 increase.”
 Is any man born a slave." The De
 claration of Independence says. All
 men are born “equal;” their natural
 rights inalienable.” It is absurd to
 sav, a ma t was born free in Africa,
 and his son was born a slave in Vir
 ginia. The child born in Africa is
 made a slave by actual theft and per
 sonal violence; by what other processes
 can he he made a slave in America:
 ’file fact that his father was.stolen be
 fore makes no difference. By the law
 of the United Stales it is piracy to en
 slave a man horn in Africa; by the law
 of Justice, is it less piracy to enslave
 him when born in Baltimore?
 The d nnestic slave-trade is carried
 on continually in all the great cities oi
 of the South; the capital of the Union,
 called after the Father of his coun
 try',” is a great slave-mart. Droves
 of slaves, chained together, may often
 he seen in the streets of Washington;
 the advertisements of the dealers are in
 tne journals of that city. There the
 great dcmagagucs and the great drov
 ers of slaves meet together; and one
 citv is common to them all. If there
 he degrees in such wrong-doing, it
 seems worse to a baby in Ame
 rica. than a man in Guinea; worse to
 keep a gang of w&lt;mvn in Virginia,
 breeding children as swine for market,
 than to steal grown men in Guinea; it
 is cowardly, no less than inhuman. But
 so long ago as 1529, it was said in the
 Baltimore Reporter, Dealing in slaves
 has become a large buVncss: establish
 ments are made in several places in
 Maryland, at which they are sold like
 cattle. These places of deposit are
 strongly built and well supplied with
 iron thumb-screws and gags, and orna
 mented with cow skins and whins often
 bloody.”
 The African slave-trader, perhaps
 even now, is net unknown at Baltimore
 or New Orleans, but he is a pirate; he
 shuffles and hides, goes sneaking and
 cringing to get along amongst men;
 while the American sla i e—trader goes
 openly to work, advertises “the in
 crease of his female slaves,” erects his
 jail, and when that is insufficient, has
 those of the nation thrown open for Ills
 use, and all the States solemnly pledg
 ed to deliver up the fugitives who
 escajw* from his hands. He marches
 his cuffles where he will. The laws
 are on his side, public sentiment and
 the majesty of the Constitution.” He
 looks in at the door of the Capitol, and
 is not ashamed.
 There are mean men engaged in that
BIGHT IS OF NO SEX—'truth is of no color-god is the father of us all, and all we are brethren.
traffic, who “arc generally despised
 even in the slave-holding States;’’ but
 men of property and standing are also
 concerned in this trade. Mr. Erwin,
 the son-in-law of Mr. Clay, it is said,
 laid the foundation of a largtT fortune
 bv dealing in slaves. General Jackson
 was a dealer in slaves, and so !a*e as
 11, brought a coifle and drove them
 to Louisiana for sale.
 In thLi transfer of slaves the most
 cruel separation of families takes place.
 In the slave-breeding States it is a
 common thing to sell a boy or a girl,
 while the mother is kept as a breed
 er.” Docs she complain of the robbery r
 There is the scourge, there are chains
 and collars. Will the husband and
 father resent the wrong?—There are
 are handcuffs and jails; the law ot the
 United States, the Constitution, the
 Army and Navy; all the able-bodied
 men of the free states are bound to
 come, if need he, and put down the in
 surrection. Vet, more than fifteen
 hundred years ago, a Roman emperor
 forbade the separation of familios ot
 slaves, and ordered all which had been
 separated to he reunited. “W ho can
 bear,” said the Emperor to his heathen
 subjects—“ who can bear that children
 should be separated from their parents,
 sisters from their brothers, wives from
 their husbands?”
 In ISIS, the Presbyterian Synod of
 Kentucky said to the world: “Bro
 thers and sisters, parents and children,
 husbands and wives, arc torn asunder
 and permitted to see each other no
 more. These acts are daily occurring
 in the midst of us. There is not a
 neighborhood where these heart-rend
 ing scenes arc not displayed. There
 is not a village or road which docs not
 behold the sad procession of manacled
 outcasts, whose chains and mournful
 countenances tell that they are exiled
 by force from all that their hearts held
 dear.” The affections arc proportion
 ally stronger in the Negro than the
 American: his family is his all. The
 terror of being sold, and thus separated
 from the companions of his sad mis-j
 fortune, hangs over the slave for ever,'
 at least till too old for service in that
 way. The most able-minded are of
 course the most turbulent, the most
 difficult to manage, and therefore the;
 most commonly sold. But the angel of
 Death—to them the only angel of mer
 cy—benignantlv visits these poor Ish-|
 roaels in the hot swamps of Georgia
 and Alabama. Thoc-God-seest-me, i
 were fitting inscription over the spot;
 where the servant thus becomes free'
 from his master, and the weary is at,
 vesij n
ANTI-SLAVERY PETITIONS.
 Mr.. Editor
 Please give the following article, with the
 (onus of [&gt;.*titior.s and sugg- stior.s, one oi
 two insertions ia your journal. Il every
 Anti-Slavery Editor will give the proposedj
 effort a hearty support, as wo trust all will, it
 will do great good
 While we are plviag all the other
 agencies, which are likely to awaken an
 interest i:i the popular mind, on the,
 subject of Human Rights, let us not
 forget the very simple, yet very effi-j
 cient one, of petitioning. While wej
 may not hope that the prayer of all the j
 petitions will he granted now, —or per-j
 haps for years to come, —and while wej
 expect that in some cases contumely 1
 and insult will he heaped on the peti
 tions and their signers,—still there are
 great advantages to be derived from!
 systematic petitioning, which we are!
 loth to see the American Anti-Slavery
 men and women of the country!
 abandon. Let us state some of them, j
 (1.) They form a cheap and effect-’
 ivc mode of bringing the subject of sla
 very home to the thoughts and feelings i
 of the whole mass of the Northern pop
 ulation. An Anti-Slavery man or wo
 man takes a roll of Anti-Slavery peti-j
 tions, and goes through a certain dis
 trict. This person sees and converses!
 with nearly every man and woman in
 that district, answers objections, re
 moves prejudices, awakens an interest,
 and perhaps leaves a tract or newspa
 per; which will be as seed sown, to pro
 duce abundantly hereafter.
 (•2.) The advantage to the persons
 who circulate the petitions, is immense.
 How familiar they become with all the
 forms and hues of thought, in their own
 vicinitv, on the subject of slavery
 They learn how to answer objections,
 and what books to circulate. They
 know what suggestions to make to
 speakers, who may present the cause in
 their neighborhood. They take the
 guage of progress, and can trace that
 progress to its legitimate causes, and
 remark who remains unchanged, and
 what chains him to liis old idols.
 (3.) The results of petitioning are
 felt powerfully in legislative bodies.—
 Few things make a half-hearted mem
 ber feel more qucerly, than an Anti-
 Slavery petition. It must he presented.
 It must be talked of, and voted upon.
 The Ayes and Noes may be called for,
 and taken, and his name may go on
 record, and ten years hence, the fact
 stare him in the face, like a ghost that
 will not down at bis bidding. How glad
 he is to know that the people grow
 weary of petitioning! How he is put
 to his wits-end, when they gather their
 energies and resume their work! Even
 if the question of reception is raised
 only to be laid on the table, the petition
 is not with mt its power. Let increasing
 thousands annually protest at the bar
 of our Legislatures, against our legal
 ized crimes, and though our utterance
 be choked for the time, it will be felt if
 not hearth Then the agitation that
 shakes those legislative bodies, that
 permit discussion, is among the most
 powerful means of awakening public
 scutiment. that wc know. Petitions,
ROCHESTER, N. Y., FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 4, 1848.
j
 sent in great numbers, to our legislative
 b«*die*, animate and strengthen those
 legislators who are ready to act on the
 side of Freedom, and who only await a
 favorable opportunity to put forth all
 their power in her behalf Let our pe
 titions remind them of our sympathy;
 let their appeals be backed by our en
 treaties; and since unprincipled law
 givers so often make the *c ill of the
 people” a pretext for their wicked legis
 lation, let those who are inclined to fa
 vor the oppressed, have the full support
 of an increasing multitude ot petition
 ers, in behalf of “equal and exact jus
 tice to all men.”
 (4.) The history of petitioning is full
 of instruction. In England, the people
 petitioned for twenty years, and almost
 with no other agitation than that con
 nected with the circulation of petitions,
 they made the Slave-trade piracy, and
 the* Slaves in ail the British Empire,
 men. While our petitions rung in the
 ears of our legislatures, the agitation
 was always on the rise. Indeed, the
 great change which has been effected
 in the state of public sentiment in our
 country, is largely due to the circulation
 of petitions. The right of petition it
 self, the repeal of the gag-rule in Con
 gress, —the peaceful discussion of the
 subjects of the petitions, —and the in
 creasing interest in the overthrow of
 slavery, show that we have not labored
 in vain, and encourage us greatly to
 exertions for the future.
 We should remember, too, what the
 unjust judge said, who granted the
 widow’s prayer, wearied by her impor
 tunity, though he neither feared God
 nor regarded man. The work of circu
 lating petitions, once begun, anv dimi
 nution in their number will be hailed by
 the enemies of the cause as an omen
 of declining interest in the cause itself.
 Let us give them no such occasion,
 even for a temporary rejoicing. Let
 every year remind them of our exist
 ence, and increasing numbers and zeal,
 and of the gathering power that will not
 sleep till slavery i 3 overthrown.
 The following forms are given, sim
 ply as suggestions to the friends who
 may choose to adopt them. Let them
 be modified according to the wishes of
 the communities into which they may
 find their way. The grand point is,
 that they should he universally circu
 lated. Let every man and woman, in
 the Northern States, be induced to sign
 them all, or as many as possible. In
 some states many persons might be dis
 posed to sign a petition for the repeal
 of some specific statute, who would not
 sign a petition which demands the re
 p« Mil of the j*fHole.code. Jn such
 petitions should be circulated asking for'
 the repealof such specific statute. They 1
 can easily be prepared.
 To the Congress of the United States:
 The undersigned, inhabitants of!
 and State of respect
 fully request your honorable body to pro
 hibit Slavery and the Slave Trade in the
 District of Columbia, and in all Terri
 tories under the exclusive jurisdiction
 of Congress also, to repeal all lawsj
 now in force in the aforesaid District or
 Territories, which make any distinction
 among their inhabitants on account of
 color.
 To the Congress of the United Stales:
 The undersigned, inhabitants of'
 county, and State of
 respectfully request your honorable
 body to pass a law prohibiting the ac
 quisition of any new territory to the
 United States, except on the condition
 that domestic slavery be forever ex
 cluded therefrom.
 __
 To the Congress of the United States:
 The undersigned inhabitants of
 county, and State of
 respectfully request your honorable
 body to pass a law emancipating Eliza
 Herbert and Caroline, her daughter,
 who were sold to satisfy a judgment in
 favor of the United States, vs. the'es
 tate of Miller, and refunding the
 money to the person who purchased
 them when so sold; also, to pass a law
 prohibiting the sale of human beings on
 any debt due to the U. S., and the hold
 ing of slaves by any officer of the Na
 tional Government.
 To the Congress of the United States
 The undersigned, inhabitants of
 county, and State of re
 spectfully request your honorable h&lt; dy
 to repeal the law of Congress, com
 monly called “the Fugitive Law of
 179:3,” for the following reasons (1.)
 It makes the Free States a hunting
 ground on which to chase dwo men,
 whose -only crime is a love of personal
 freedom. (0.) It exposes to the danger
 of being kidnapped, thousands of free
 persows of every color. (3.) It de
 prives persons thus seized of the right
 ot trial bv Jury. (4.) It tempts some
 Northern State Magistrates to exercise
 jurisdiction in cases to which their au
 thority as State officers does not reach.
 To the Congress of the United States:
 We, the undersigned, inhabitants of
 county, and State of re
 spectfully request your honorable body
 to prohibit the commerce in Slaves be
 tween one Slave State and another,
 whether carried on by sea or by land.
 To the Congress of the United Slates:
 Relieving that the existing wer be
 tween this country and Mexico origi
 nated in a desire to extend the area of
 Slavery, and that it is still prosecuted
 with the same object: We, the under
 signed, inhabitants of county
 and State of respectfully re
 quest yourjhooorable body to take im
 mediate measure* to recall our armies
 from Mexican Territory, and to make
 full reparation to Mexico far the wrongs
 we have done her.
To the Legislature of
 The undersigned, inhabitants of
 county, and State of
 respectfully request yeur honorable
 body to repeal all laws now in force
 in our State, makiug any distinction
 aainougst its inhabitants ou account of
 color.
 To the legislature of'
 The undersigued, inhabitants of
 i county, and State ot
 respectfully request your honorable
 body to pass a law prohibiting the use
 of any of the prisons of our State for
 the confinement of persons claimed as
 fugitive slaves and makiug it highly
 penal for any officer of this State to aid
 officially in any way in reclaiming any
 person so claimed.
 SUGGESTIONS.
 1. Let the petitions all be written
 out with a pen.
 ‘2. Let them be very brief, and let
 each embrace hut one or two, or at most
 but three objects.
 3. Let three or four persons, or one,
 if more cannot be found, take a set ol
 petitions, and visit every family in that
 tow nship, and secure the names of per
 sons of mature age, who are willing to
 sign them. If the proper persons to
 circulate the petitions are unable to
 to spend the necessary time without
 compensation, let them he paid. A bet
 ter disposal of Anti-Slavery charity
 could not be made.
 4. Let them take along, when they
 can, a supply of Anti-Slavery Tracts,
 to give to all who will read them.
 o. If a hiut may be given on this
 subject, wc would suggest to those who
 circulate petitions, that they let pa
 tience have her perfect work,’* —when
 reviled, reviling not again,” but in
 meekness instructing those that oppose
 themselves.”
 (i. Do the work at once, and v' n n
 the petitions are signed by all who !I
 give their names, enclose each to the
 address of the gentleman to whom you
 wish to confide it. Ihey sh-u.u, ii
 possible, be sent to some member from
 your own district, known to be favora
 able to their presentation. In other
 cases, those addressed to your own le
 gislature, should be sent to some mem
 ber whose sympathies warrant the hope
 that he will not neglect them, and those
 addressed to Congress should he sent
 to Hon. J. P. Hale, of the U. S. Sen
 ate, or to Mr. G hidings, Mr. Tuck, or
 Mr. Palfrey, of the House of Repre
 sentatives.
 7. Be careful to divide the sheet on
 which pfitilios-is written, two
 columns, and let the names be fairly
 written. Let each signer, if possible,
 w rite his or her own name. Hereafter
 commence petitioning some two or
 three months before the time when your
 legislative bodies meet. The petitions
 to Congress may be circulated at the
 same time. For this year let the work
 be done at once.
 By order of the Kxectitive Commit
 tee. T. B. Hudson,
 Acting Cor. Sec. Ain. and For.
 A. S. Society.
 From the Journal r.f Coimnerre.
 CASE OF THE SPANISH SC HOONER
 L’AMISTAD REVIVED.
 The President of the United States,
 in his message to Congress of the 7tii
 of December, 1847, submits the follow
 ing proposition:
 I recommend to Congress that an
 appropriation he made, to be paid to
 the Spanish Government for the pur
 pose of distributing among the claim
 ants in the Amistad case.” I enter
 tain the conviction that this is due to
 Spain under the treaty of the 20th Oc
 tober, 1705; and, moreover, that, from
 the earnest manner in which the claim
 continues to be urged, so long as it
 shall remain unsettled, it will be a
 source of irritation and discord be
 tween the two countries which may
 prove highly prejudicial to the interests
 of the United States. Good policy, no
 less than a faithful compliance with our
 treaty obligations, requires that the in
 considerable appropriation demanded
 should be made.”
 The claimants referred to as above,
 are known to be two Spaniards by the
 name of Don Pedro Montez and Don
 Jose Ruiz, and their claims, so far as
 the public records show, consisted of
 two parts; one for a small amount of
 goods, an J the other for forty-nine ne
 groes slopped by them on board the
 schooner at Havana, in toe Jsittm] ol
 Cuba, June, 1839, for the port of Gu
 anaja. These negroes were kidnapped
 in their native land, put in irons, and
 hrdtight awav by force, and landed at
 Havana, forthe purpose of converting
 them into slaves for life. They were born
 free, and no law on earth could make
 them slaves.
 Physical force could no{ change
 their condition from freemen to slaves.
 They were landed at Havana in
 the night, and secretly Bhut up in a
 baracoon.
 The law of Spain has at all times,
 since 1819, prohibited, under severe
 penalties, the importation of negr *cb
 from Africa; and, furthermore, the
 same law declares all s*uch imported
 Africans to be free. When these ne
 groes were landed at Havana, that la**
 was in full force, and all the authorities
 of Cuba were bound to set them free.
 Instead of that, the illegal and op
 pressive kidnapper* and importers sold
 them as slaves to Montez and Ruiz,
 who knew at the time of the purchase,
 that they were all freemen and not
 slaves. They knew that these negroes
 were fresh from Africa, and had been
 brought to Havana contrary to the law
 of Spain.
 Knowing these facts, it became- tie-
cessarv for Monte* ami Ruiz to give
 each a false name, a Spanish name un
 known to the negroes. Bv means i»j
 this false and fraudulent proceeding,
 thev procured a false, fidi ious mid
 fraudulent paste, r*r permit from the
 Governor, to remove these negies from.
 Havana to Gunnajn. the home of Mon
 te* and Ruiz. Ties pet mil was false
 in two partieiila: It contained a false
 name for each negro, and then a false,
 designation. In the permit, they were,
 all designated Ladimn. when in fact
 they were Boznh. Montez and Ruiz
 were implicated in the fraud, because
 they procured the Governor to sign this
 permit by their false representations.
 By the law of Spain, the Governor
 could not give a permit for Boral ne
 groes. Here was the necessity ol
 Montez and Ruiz to resort to such
 means.
 It is no injustice, then, to say to
 these men. Montez mid Ruiz, you
 must submit to all the consequences of
 your own fraudulent acts and false de
 clarations. Under this Spanish pa** 1
 for firty-lbur slaves, you shipped on
 board the L’Amistad fifty-four Razols,
 knowing then! to be a different set of
 men for whom a pass had been given.
 This was a most enormous fraud in law
 and in fact. The perpetrators can nev
 er escape the consequences.
 Here is a familiar illustration. John
 Randolph, of Virginia, by his last will;
 and testament, gave freedom to all his i
 slaves. Now suppose some person,
 bent on gain, should seize fifty-fi ur of
 these freemen in Virginia, put them in
 irons—give them all false names—pro-:
 eure a bill of lading at the Custom
 house on his own oath, and ship them;
 to some port as slaves, and Providence
 should cast them upon our shores,would"
 our courts restore them to liberty?—
 And then, suppose Congress should he
 petitioned for their value? Is there any
 one man in the civilized world who
 would grant such a favor? No!
 Such a claim must he rejected upon
 the ground that the kidnapper has uc-,
 quired no title to them as property.
 And if the kidnapper had effected a
 sale, sueh sale would be uttcily void,
 and could confer no title to the pur
 chaser.
 If a man takes my horse by force or
 fraud, or feloniously, he can never
 convey that horse to another, and
 give a legal title. I may retake that
 animal wherever it nuty be found.
 Does the title to men rest on weaker
 grounds? If you cannot fabricate orj
 forge a title to my horse so as legally
 to transmit him to another, so neither
 ean it be done h wgard to man, and
 make a slave of him. If the seller has
 no title, then it is plain that he can con
 fer none. These principles are so ob
 vious that any person of common un
 derstanding cannot mistake their appli
 cation to the Amistad negroes.
 Here is that application. These ne
 groes were born tree—they were kid
 napped, or i.i other words stolen, and
 by force were carried to Havana,where
 the laws pronounced them free. Mon
 tez and Ruiz knew they were free, yet
 they purchased them with the intention
 of making them slaves for life. Under
 false names and fraudulent passports, i
 they under take to convey them in chains
 to Guanaja. They escape, and by
 Pi •ovidence are thrown upon the Judi
 ciary of this country, and by their right
 eous decree they are again restored to
 the liberty of men.
 We hunt out the fraud—we discover
 the illegal steps token by these pre
 tended purchasers, Don Pedro Moiftez
 and Don Jwse Ruiz, and decide that by
 the laws of their country, as well as
 ours, they have no title whatever tc&gt;:
 these nit n.
 As These claimants cordd not hold
 these men as slaves, now the Govern
 ment of Spain, in its supreme authority,
 comes here, and by her Minister takes
 up this cause for Montez and Ruiz, and
 the President is induced to exert his
 influence with Congress to appropriate
 from our treasury money enough to sat
 isfy this claim, that it may be divided
 among these claimants.
 They demand seventy thousand dol
 lars, and say this will satisfy Montez
 and Ruiz, and pacify the angry Queen
 of Spain, so that in future she may be
 our friend in the way of business! This
 is the demand, and these are the grounds
 on which it rests.
 The demand itself is preposterous,
 and the grounds upon which it is pressed
 are unworthy the great nation whose
 Minister urges on this claim.
 During the original trial, it was
 proved that the Consul of Spain de
 clared, that if these negroes were* re
 stored to Spain, some of the leaders
 would be punched, but they could not
 be made slaves. He was right, and so
 our courts decide d.
 This inlets the whole case, and at
 once and forever puts an end to all
 claims, cither in law or equity, by Don
 Pedro Montez and Don Jo*e Kuiz, or
 the Government of Spain for them. It
 must he remembered that the claim now
 urged by the Minister of Spain, stands
 on no higher ground than that of M &gt;r.tez
 and Ruiz. It is for them that he claims.
 If theirs cana d he sustained neither can
 hit.
 Theirs have been amply investiga
 ted by the Judiciary, ami dismissed as
 illegal.
 The Government claim must be dis
 posed of in the same maimer and tor
 the same reasons.
 Had Don Pedro Montez and Don
 Jose Ruiz preferred their own petition
 to Congress for this claim, then all the
 attending facts of their case must be
 spread upon the records of Congress,
 as they have been up-»n the records ol
 the District Court of Connecticut and
 the Supreme Court of the United Stale*.
 So it should he now under this 0
 the claim. Should either of «‘*i
WILLIAM C. KELL, rmiim.
 JOHN PICK, r*i*Tt*.
WHOLE NO.—VI.
grrs* «o far ei.tcrtain ihisfrabjecl as to
 rv!Vr it to a committee, then such com
 mittee can do no less than to call for
 these records. _
 lhe evidence is all preserved in the
 District Court of Connecticut, and th©
 rinding of that Court can easily be ob
 tained. It is to be presumed that th©
 President has never personally investi
 gated that case, and it is deeply to b«
 regretted that he has not.
 The probability is, that he may havo
 seen nothing on the subject, except the
 argument of the former Attorney Gen
 eral, who was in fact the adviser of
 President Van Buren in this matter.—
 That article is superficial, and calcula
 ted to lead to erroneous results.
 To save others the trouble and labor
 of looking up those records, we annex
 to this article an extract from the find
 ing and opinion of the District Court of
 Connecticut, as published in the JVcw
 York Commercial •Idreriist.r ot the 10th
 of January, IS4U.
 Here is an extract:
 “The two great questions still remain
 to be settled. Shall these Africans, by
 a decree of this court, be delivered over
 to the Government of Spain upon th©
 demand of her Minister, as the proper
 ty of Don Pedro Monte* and Don Jose
 Ruiz? Put if not, w hat ultimate dispo
 sition shall the Government of the Uni
 ted States make of them
 Upon the first of these question*,
 ull-ahsorbing as it is, 1 am called to
 pronounce an opinion. And what L
 have now to say applies to Cinque* and
 others, who have filed their answer to
 the claim, on record, not including An
 tonio.
 What is the object of the demand
 made upon the President by the Span
 ish Minister? Not to have them trans
 ported to Cuba for punishment, but be
 cause they are the property of Spanish
 subjects—their effects or merchandise
 —their propelty. 1 begin here by find
 ing certain fact's which must necessari
 ly be part of my decree and upon which
 it must be based.
 “These are the facts that I find prov
 ed in this case:
 In Cuba there are three classes of
 negroes, well known and distinguished,
 Creoles, who were born w ithin Spanish
 dominion; Lndinos, who have been long
 domiciled on the Island, or sufficiently
 so that the laws of Spain operate upon
 them—or in other words embracing
 those who owe Spain their allegiance;
 and lastly, Bozals, embracing all such
 as have' but recently been imported
 from Africa. _ n.
 The negroes now in question Wit®
 all horn in Africa—-they were imported
 to Cuba by the slave traffic, phout
 which Monte* and Ruiz had had ’noth
 ing to do—they were put into 0,-tMur*-
 coon near Havana, and after remaining
 there not exceeding fifteen days, Mon
 te* and Ruiz brought them to tho
 schooner Amistad as their slaves, and
 put them on board for Guanaja. Con
 sequently, 1 find these negrors to he
 Bozals; they were so at the time of the
 shi| merit.
 “The demand of the Spanish Govern
 ment is, for these Bozals to be restored
 to them, that Monte* and Ruiz may
 have them as their property. To justi
 fy this demand, and require this Gov
 ernment to restore them under the trea
 ty, these negroes must not only he prop
 erty, but Spanish subjects must own
 them—must come lawfully by them—
 they must have lawful right to hold them
 as their ow n.
 “In all cases where propcity and title
 are proved to be in Spanish subject*,
 the treaty is imperative, and at all haz
 ards it must be surrendered.
 I go up to the letter aud£epirit of th©
 treaty both, lait I do not step over it,
 merely because the demand is made by
 a high contracting pow er. The demand
 must be lawful. The Minister has de
 manded the schdbner, and suppose in
 point of fact, it should turn out that the
 schooner belonged to a subject of
 France, instead of Spain, can we de
 liver it to Spain? Surely not. How
 stands the case here? The Govern
 ment of Spain demands of us, under
 their treaty, a restoration of these ne
 groes, and we ask them for their title.
 It is a very well settled principle, here
 and elsewhere, that the party demand
 ing restoration must show his title. The
 onus prohotuti lies on him. Aware of
 this rule of law, the Spanish claimant*
 send to me their evidence of title. And
 what is that document A deed—a hill
 of sale—a transfer? So. It is a per
 mit—a license —a pass—signed by the
 G jvemor General ot Cuba, for Don
 Pedro Monte* and Don Jo*e Ruiz to
 transfer fifty-four I.adinos to Guanaja,.
 and thi* is all! This embraces tho
 whole evidence of property and till©
 both.
 “In point of fact,these are not Ladinos.
 They might he lawfully sold and car
 ried to Guanaja.
 These negroes arc Bozals, and are
 not Ladinos.
 “Here then is the point—the point up
 on which this great eoutrovery must
 turn!
 “To show that it is so, I shall be
 obliged to recur to the law* of Spain,
 as the same ore here proved, berau*e
 th &gt;s*3 laws make a f ait oflb© case is
 self. Thev are to be proved in the
 courts of the United Stoles a* matt*"
 l fiad, then, a* a maltcrofiactthat
 in the m .nth of June. th© w
 Spam did prohibit, u»d*r
 ty, the importation
 groes from Africa. 7W
 wen- imported in violation of that law.
 and be it remembered, that by (be sain©
 taw of Spam. »uch imported negroes
 are de«l* r «d to be free in Spain, ‘fbm
 account* for the declaration of tbe Span-.
 ,*h Consul, “that if these negroes
 ah wild he returned to Cuba, some o#
 the leader* jrjight be punished, but
