however. that tlie ladies* will themselves fur
 ufeh an account for our neat week's paper, j
 fiad some icmarks to make with respect
 to vbe annual Meeting. They shall appear I
 next week, and a whole batch of correspond
 ence will also appear, as t soon a* we can
 n»akc room for it. Our Philadelphia corre
 spondent shall he hoard soon. An interest
 ing fetter from our fnchd and po-laborer, J.
 B. Sanderson,.will appear next week. 1 Lay
 in a large share of patience; all shall be
 serva.l in the end. if not in due season,
 letter from M. U. 1). received. —r. d.
 Sr ascriptions are coming in: but not
 so last as is desirable. The j»apcr is sent this
 wreck to all our readers, in the expecta
 tion that they their subscriptions are forthcom
 ing. Send on the money.— j. t&gt;.
 Logic no 1 ah, ic. Louglass Jerrold’s
 Newspaper infers from our Quakers* support
 ing General Taylor that In* professions of
 regard for peace must ho sincere
 Foreign Postage,—Mr. George Putnam
 a New York publisher, was a passenger in
 the Canada. He is bearer of despatches to
 our government, which, it is Raid, contain
 the final settlement of the postal difficulties.
 iior.niiA Four cases of cholera among
 the Get man passengers &lt;&gt;l the ship N. Y.
 were reported bv the Health officer of New
 York on Sunday. There were twenty cases
 of cholera in the Quarantine hospital.
Communications.
 Philadelphia, Dec. 18, 1»48. j
 Messrs. Editors In your editorial of
 the Bih inst., headed St. Thomas’ Church,
 Philadelphia,” you inform your readers that
 “the real question at issue between W. D.
 and the North Star is not whether a meeting
 house sanctuary ought to be reverenced. I
 is not whether ordination is right; nor is it
 whether Christ was in favor of oi opposed to
 ■a religion of forms and ceremonies. ou
 proceed further to say, that “upon theseques
 tums severally, it may yet he proper to spend
 some discussion. At present, however, we
 think it best to confine the controversy to the
 question at issue. The question is this Is
 the .St. Thomas' Ijureh, Philadelphia, by its
 practice and position, hostile to the anti-sla
 very movement 1 We affirm that it is. W. D.
 denies the charge, and demands the evidence t
 upon which we base the charge.” ’This part
 oi your article 1 perused with mingled eino
 lions of joy and regret—of joy to find the
 question narrowed down inlo so small a com-
 l &gt;ass _,,f regret, to learn that it is narrowed
 down “only for the present.” We were
 vain enough to suppose that the several divi
 sions oi your marshaled host above stated bad
 been completely routed. Hut it appeals (hat
 you will not have os to be elated above meas
 ure. Your intimation admonishes us to moil-!
 erate our joy, from the admitted fact, that the j
 retreat was performed in the finest order;
 hence, alter they have been sufficiently re- 1
 cruitcd, you will have us calculate upon their j
 return again, to render you effectual service,!
 (perhaps) long before the decisive blow is j
 struck. Well, lie it so. 1 will not suffer j
 myself to he carried away in an eeslacy of i
 delight, in view of the sacrifice thus made of
 what I shall always regard as very ohjee- j
 tionable matter, but shall he content with en-
 joying the calmer satisfaction of knowing that, j
 for the present' at least, 1 have but the j
 one point to keep in view. And here 1 would i
 take pleasure in dispensing with further pre
 liminaries, and proceed at once to consider
 how the affirmative part of tills question has
 been sustained by you. Hut there has been
 so much dust raised round and about it,
 whether bv the heels of your retreating forces
 or l»v the hurry and bustle of arranging your
 main body yet occupying the field, I am not
 anxious to determine but all this must be
 ele.ued away before we shall be prepared to
 see how you have disposed of what you now
 admit to lie the only point at is.-ue.
 In my second communication with the
 North .Star, 1 explicitly stated that my re
 marks would he confined ro what had been
 said respecting St. Thomas'Church. \our
 readers know that 1 adhered to this strictly,
 h is true that, as a foundation for a future and
 separate argument, we submitted; Whether
 or not the Protesant Episcopal Church, either
 in her General or Diocesan onventions, lias
 ever declared herself hostile to the anti-sla
 very movement; ami substantially said, lasted
 this charge from her own published docu
 ments, and after that is done, then show the
 link that holds St. Thomas' Church in the
 same hostile position. Besides this, point out
 if you can, m any part of iny“ long letter," so
 styled, the least allusion to t lie church at large,
 much less anything like a defence of its anti
 slavery character. This is the false position
 you have vainly tiied to force me into—you
 have even made me complain that the Episco
 pal church in general is not allowed the plea
 of neutrality. This 1 said, not with infer
 ence to the Episcopal Church generally, but
 1 said it, as you ought to have known, with
 exclusive reference to St. Thomas'Church,
 Philadelphia—l said it in reply to the spe
 cific charge preferred again that church of
 “bolting and barring her doors against the
 cause of the slave.” For, surely, bolting
 Riid barring cannot consist with neutrality.—
 I might exclaim here, What artlcssuess!
 "hat milk-white honesty! I lake another
 Hep in advance. The kind of evidence de
 manded on my part, seems to have produced
 m ii,v\otis system a wonderful cxcite
 uieiii you are p&lt; rtcetlv astounded at the very
 idea oi sucii a requisition. So, m all kind
 ness to Vou denounce the demand as
 opposed to ail the just modes of reasoning,
 and to dictate of common sense."—
 Marcy —wiiat a shower of blessings upon
 iny head, m a’l kindness" You have, 1
 a-sen u»n without due eon
 •uier.ttvit. I, tM mon
 ition* o. lo mnlw my unity 4mluluUe i_
 Ut us St e. 1 o S low the fo)| y 0 f mv j e
 rnand, you have, unfortunately for your’ pur
 pose, referred to our ov.n boasted Republic”
 —solemnly declaring, that it fe.y, lbeae
 truths to be self-evident that all men are cre
 ated equal, Ac., and at the tame |im*&gt; bidding
 m most etuel bondage three millions of our
 brethren. Now, would it not be a a proper,
 were you to “lo ask a» proof of the pro-shverv
 character of tins nation, a resolution i,m tak
 ing it, as to ask the same proof ag oust the
 Protestant Episcopal Church” 1 reply
 iiav the
framers of that document (•which attention
 has been called*, left nothing in it “mu lari no
 the pro-nlavery character of this ration”
 Hatre they not left rarae clause to j£e Consti
 tution winch rveutnhxea the sublime and glo
 rious sentiments referred to Hftw often
 have you, with others, referred to the 4th art.
 3d sec. of that instrument, which says, No,
 person held to service or labor in ape .Srato*|
 unde: the laws thereof, escaping into aooffcrr,]
 shall, in consequence of any law or regulation;
 therein, he discharged from such service or
 labor, but shall be delivered np, on claim of
 the party to whom such service or labor may;
 ■be due.” How often have you referred to
 this, not only to prove the pro-slavery charac
 ter of the instrument, but the pro-slavery
 character of this nation? Again: What is
 the line of argument pursued by S. H. Foster
 in his famous book, hi order to show the guilt
 t of the various churches on the subject of sla
 very Does he not look into their several
 ecclesiastical councils, and thence expose the
 foulness of those resolutions passed by their;
 respective bodies, and thus show how he|
 reaches the conclusion sought? Yet the demand
 on my part for a similar coarse to be taken by
 l you, has been met by a denunciation. I shall j
 jet it pass now for what it La worth.
 I might now turn to a aorvey of the roam
 ground, were it not that old Apollyon stands,
 in the way. He has been raised again. I j
 is true he is brought np from the pit this!
 time, not for the purpose of ridiculing ordina-;
 tion, but with a less objectionable design— j
 to show “the practical working of a rigid ad
 herence to*’ an exclusive rule. The ex
 planatory motive is duly appreciated, but I
 i must say, I do not see any great improvement
 'in the image. The devil is the devil, paint
 him as you may, and I cannot allow the
 posubihty of his appearing in holy orders,” j
 for any purpose w hatever. Why so fond of
 dressing the arch-fiend in robes, and then
 holding him up to view I/et the ‘execrable
 shape’ go back to his punishment. Worn!
 and weary of removing obstructions that
 were skilfully placed in my path, 1 have at
 length arrived at an elevated spot, where 1
 can take an unbounded survey of the particu
 lar point at issue.
 It is affirmed by the North Star, that St.
 Thomas’ Church, Philadelphia, is hostile to,
 the anti-slavery movement.' How is this po- 1
 sition sustained 1 The Protestant Episcopal;
 Church in the United States is arraigned.—
 Witnesses are called up and examined. Two
 scriptural rules are brought forward to fix
 upon her brow the brand of hostility—“By
 their fruits ye shall know them;” —“Inas-
 much as ye did it not unto these, the least of
 my brethren, ye did it not unto me.” The
 former of these rules refers to sins of commis
 sion, the latter lo sins of omission. This
 seems to be more relied on as testimony to
 fix the brand of hostility (negatively.) fWell,
 let us admit the force of this to its full extent,
 which may be thus expressed She has not
 done what she ought to have done in the
 cause referred to.” Verbal testimony is next
 j called up, and says She has never treated
 slavery as a sin it has never expressed the
 first word of sympathy with the iiti-slavery
 movement, or even thanked God for its exist
 ence, or expressed a hope that the movement
 would succeed.” I shall not attempt to de
 preciate the character or lessen the force of
 this negative testimony. We are travelling in
 a pleasant road now, and seem to be accom
 panied with congenial spirits; hence we ad
 vance rapidly. Next appears documentary
 i evidence, containing names both of the living
 and the dead. These doctrines represent Lay
 men and Bishops uniting to exclude from the
 Theological Seminary, N. Y., two young
 men of well-cultivated minds,' noble aspira
 lions and sterling worth, merely because
 “their skins were not colored like their own.”
 They disclose the additional fact of certain
 colored Episcopal churches being denied re
 presentation. Last of all, the grave-yard,
 1 tomb-stones, inscriptions on coffin-lids, all
 have been made to utter, with one united
 1 voice, against the criminal at the bar. But
 what does all this array of testimony amount
 to 1 What would be the verdict of an impar
 tial jury from the testimony adduced I
 i have no doubt but they would fix the same
 brand of guiltiness upon her forehead that
 marks every other denomination of professing
 Christians in the country —the guilt of un
 christian prejudice against the people of color.
 But who ever denied this? Whoever sought
 to make light of, palliate or conceal it You
 do the writer of this great injustice, to sup
 pose that he is blind to, or the least insensible
 i of, the withering spirit 1 hat-meets us in all
 tbe various white churches in the country.
 1 But what bearing has this upon St. Thomas’
 1 Church 1 How do you fasten the guilt upon
 j her? Merely to say that she is a branch”
 lot the church shown lo be guilt}’of the sin
 jot omission on the great question of human
 'liberty, will not answer. Is the son lobe
 i held accountable for the sins of the father
 jSuiely not. 1 shall not fuither antiepate on
 this point. Should a regular and direct at
 tack be made here, 1 stand ready to meet it.
 Approaching the close of your remarks, I
 observe the following statement, designed par
 tially to show the practical working of a
 strict adherence to a rule,” exclusive, and
 partially to show that our church, by her
 practice is hostile to the anti-slavery move
 j ment.” While you would not admit Fred
 erick Douglass, M. K. Delany, or Charles L.
 Remond, to speak for the slave, the Rev. T.
 Allen, a notorious slaveholder, has been re
 i peatedly an occupant ot the pulpit of that
 i church.” Now, so much of this as relates to
 Mr. Allen, in justice, should be recalled.—
 Your mind has been greatly abused with re
 gard to that pious and devoted man. So far
 is he from being “notorious” as a slaveholder,
 that be claim* no human being on raith as a
 slave. So you must look for some other “oc
 cupant of that pulpit that will render you
 greater assistance in making out your case.
 Ouce more. After first naming yourself, you
 have taken the responsibility of attaching the
 j names of two other gentlemen, equally re
 markable with yourself, for their dignified
 bearing and aelf-aespect, and who, 1 am sure,
 do not feel |hemaelve» highly complimented
 in being represented aa complainants for not
 having been aa freely admitted into the pnlpu
 as Mr. Allen. So l think wc may regard
 their names at misplaced, and yrar own left
 singly and alone on the top of Sev
 eral yean* will yet have to para away before
 I shall attain tbe age of fifty, wens it not
 *4, seniority might claim the right to aay a
 1 word tu you oat modesty but aa it is, I for

bear. Take the following for a reply to the
 complaint. We have a ferge fonts ra-toon,
 under the control of the Vestry, in which
 Messrs. Harned, Bacoo, Boad, Burleigh, Dr.
 Elder, and fort, though not feast, Dr J. J. G.
 Bias, have ail severally spoken. They catered
 through tbe door whfcti was unbolted then,
 and ramaira an to tbe present. What bow ia
 the present state «C thfr queatjto? af
 firmed that St. Thomas’ Chartfi was bufeth
 to tbe anti-slavery movement. To sustain
 this charge, you have show* that the General
 Episcopal Church is gmity of entertaining un
 holy prejudices against their colored brethren;
 you may say, if you please, that you have
 shown her to be pro-slavery. But I inquire,
 have jou pointed out the pro-siarery link that
 holds St. Thomas’ Church in the same bosui«
 position 1 In this you hate completely failed.
 St. Thomas’s, as yet, remains unaffected in
 view of the unfounded charge that has been
 brought against her. I find her look mg the
 accuser full in the face—no joints trembling,
 no mnscular motion w hatever is perceived that
 indicates either shame or remorse; bat I be
 hold her standing on the firm ground of her
 individuality, with all that calm composure
 which conscious innocence inspires. You
 may, if you please, violate every rule of pro
 priety, by condescending lo use coarse, “old
 hag” descriptions of the mother church, the
 offspring, nevertheless, will continue to siand
 forth justified, dec'ared innocent of the slan
 derous chaige of hostility to the cause of the
 slave, by the united voice of the thinking,
 discriminating and impartial portion of your
 readers
 I shall not conclude by leaving you' to
 your conscience in a general way, as you in
 your parting blessing left me; but shall act a
 more faithful part by you. I shall projwise a
 particular point, on which, I think, you may
 examine your conscience to some profit. Re
 ference is had now to the ninth commandment
 Thou shall not bear false witness against
 thy neighbor.” Yours as ever,
 W. D.
 P. S. The following are some of the errors
 that appeared in my second article, through
 inattention to the manuscript: Think some
 thing of the form should read, .we'something;
 new order of things understood, should read.
 introduced. w r n.
 The Free Soil Demonstration.
 The Free Soil party, having passed through
 the ordeal of an electioneering campaign,
 armed and equipped according to the usua'
 custom, may now be regarded as a legitimate
 political party, destined doubtless toact a con
 spicuous part in the mighty struggle between
 liberty and slavery which is yet to he witness
 ed upon American soil.
 At no time since the consolidation of the
 present Union, has there been so favorable ar
 opportunity for the formation of such a party
 The elements have long been generating; hu
 we do not believe they will work well in r
 political movement, unless it is an age or twe
 in advanpe of the times. A long lime mus 1
 elapse before expediency will give place U
 right in political affairs. The old-school abo
 litionists have been laboring year after yeai
 to effect a change in the public sentiment ol
 the country in regard to the institution ol sla
 very, its brutalizing effects upon the bodies
 and minds* of its immediate victims, and its
 moral and political bearings upon the charac
 ter and destiny of our county. No labors
 have been considered too severe, and no sacri
 fice too great to be made for the promotion ol
 the desired object. Cursed as incendiaries
 reviled as heretics, and anathematised as fana
 tics, they have pursued their onward and up
 ward course, never retreating, but always
 advancing with a steady pace; and theii
 zeal has ever been tempered to suit the pecu
 liarties of the limes. From a little band, ap
 parently harmless either for good or evil,the}
 have become a powerful body, in whose hands
 rest the future character and destiny of out
 country. The above assertion may seem alto
 gether too broad; but, considering the lelatior
 of cause and effect, we feel fully assured tha
 j time will reveal its truthfulness. The Libert}
 party was an offshoot from the old-school anti
 slavery organization. The slow process o
 j moral warfare was uncongenial with its ambi
 tious spirit. Heedless of the warnings, tin
 admonitions and entreaties of its fraterna
 friend, it rushed headlong into the arena o
 political strife, where it struggled througli
 brief and inglorious existence, until it wai
 i compelled, as an act of self-preservation, t(
 i merge itself in the Free Soil movement.—
 May its unenviable fate be a warning to ihos&lt;
 political bodies which assume that it is law
 ful to do evil that good may-come.” Tin
 advent of the Liberty parly may be regardei
 as the commencement of a series of analytica
 experiments upon the political conscience o
 the country; but the project was premature ii
 its inception and development. The requisil
 means were not at the command of the party
 which sadly overrated its own influence. It
 hopes of success were based upon fictitiou
 grounds for its fraternal friend refused to re
 cognize it as the exponent of true anti-slaver;
 principles, and its dismemberment was bu
 the fulfilment of the prophesies which attend
 j ed its birth.
 The Free Soil party may he regaided a
 the second experiment. It is a slight advanc
 upon the former, embodying its most availabl
 elements, and destined, sooner or later, to b
 absorbed by, or expanded into, some othe
 movement, originating in the exigencies of lb
 times. Neither the*Liberty nor the Free So
 party can claim the merit of laying its ow r
 foundation; for it was designed by othe
 heads, and worked out by other hands and
 in building upon it, the political parties hav
 perverted the designs of its original fratnen
 The Free Soil party may accomplish woe
 ders. From my inmost soul 1 hope it will.-
 i Its members certainly exhibit a most wu,
 mendable zeal, laboring like men determine
 lo overcome whatever obstacles may lie t*
 tween them and their goal. Although its ag
 is not yet numbered by years, its cooseknc
 is already burdened with the sm of ingrat
 tude. Elated by its partial success, it noi
 curses the source from which K derives it
 power. Let the old-echool anti-slavery orga*
 tzstton lA down its weapons and
 bafUe against odffeouatry'suuuutigaied cam
 and all tbe political anu-sbvery in the Unite.
 States could pot furnish pins enough to hoi
 the Buffalo Pisiform" together during tb
 cooling four years. But when the Fro
 Sorters haw sceoiuplrabed all they have prom
 feed to do—wbsj they haw abolished atfver
 in the District uf Columbia rebuked tfc
owbeamg insolence of the slave-power, u
 eflhetoally confined slamj within He preeen
 limits—the accorded institution. tmshora c
 the most esoenttadof tU&gt; vast prerogatives, wil
 •till flourish upon the Aaerioui soil, keeping
 a portion e| our country mb ta a stale o
 moral and intelleetual darku sad dcgrarfa
 lion, ofdfhhieh the history of the~EivMara
 wodd affords do fMaJlel. Wffat pJIUa
 mellr*ki there m confining slavenrvrithin iti
 present bound sties Condensed Or expanded
 its enormities are jost the same; and if it ex
 isted in but a single Stale in the Union, tin
 moral turpitude of the nation won Id be a
 great as it is now. Why, this wonderful ad&lt;
 about confining slavery within its present boon
 danes, sounds very much like gammon, o
 like seeking to effect a compromise be'.weei
 the moral and political power of the country
 to the disadvantage of the former. 44 Surely
 in vain is the net spread in the sight of an]
 bird”—but a witless goose. If that porthx
 of the American people which seems to con
 scientiously believe that there ean be such t
 thing as Constitutional action against the in
 stitution of slavery, are caught in the political
 elap-trap of Free Soil, Free Territory, Fro*
 Speech and Free Men, (1 wish those gentle
 men that laid the Buffalo Platform had bad
 the courtesy to have inserted Frte Women ir
 their catalogue of free things,) it would have
 constituted a stronger bond of sympathy be
 tween us than any which is now existing—
 we trust they w ill never again he caught med
 dling in the beggarly elements of political
 warfare, as it is now conducted. The twe
 grand political parties are fast verging to
 wards the acme of corruption and our
 heart's desire and prayer for the Free Soil
 party is, Slay it be restrained from “following
 in the footsteps of its illustrious predecessors!’
 HARRIET N. TORREY.
 Parkman, 0., Dec. 12,1848.
 [From the N. Y. Ailv.]
 Colifornia Gold.
 Arrival of Don Jose D'Alvear, the first Discoverer nj
 the Ifold Mines-—lntnesting Dnelspemenf*.
 Don Jose D’Alvear, the celebrated Spanish
 Geologist, whose famous treaties on the “Age
 of the Earth” must he known to many of
 our readers, has just arrived at New York,
 from the Gold Regions of California, by way
 of Panama, Cbagres and New Orleaqp,
 bringing, with him a large amount of Gold
 ore, estimated to hr- worth more than a milllion
 of dollars, the result of his labors, by the aid
 of a large body of Indians, long before the
 existence of the Gobi mines became known
 to the residents of California generally.
 Signor D’Alvear went out- to California
 nearly two years ago, in consequence of
 certain information which he had received of
 the geological character of that country, with
 the firm belief that vast mines of precious
 metals would be revealed there, upon careful
 investigation. He was encouraged to this
 enterprise, also, by his confidence in the
 powers of a certain magnetic instrument
 i which he had invented, called the Goldome
 ter;” by whose aid he expected to be directed
 j at once to the “Gold Placers,” if any such
 j existed. Nor were his expectations disap
 pointed. His scientific calculations proved to 1
 lie founded in truth and profound wisdom, and
 I his new instrument, the Goldometer,” ful
 filled his highest hopes. In less than two
 months after reaching California, he struck
 I upon one of the richest gold mines in that
 country, upon an obscure branch of the Sao
 ramento river, in a grorge of hills extremely
 rocky and difficult of access, and seldom vis
 -1 ited by the native California. Disguising
 i his object under the' pretence, of purely
 scientific research, he obtained tue aid of
 i some fifteen nr twenty simple and 4 faithful
 1 Indians, and steadily pursued his task, col
 lecting often more than $l,OOO worth of gold
 in a single day, which he concealed in a deep
 ravine, without exciting any suspicion what
 ever, until after the discovery of gold at Capt.
 Sutter's Mill, when the mountains were
 ransacked by gold seekers, and Signor D’Al
 vear’s gold placer,” the richest in all Cali
 fornia, was l«?set with greedy adventurers.
 It is now found that the real mines or sources
 of the gold, he in the gorges of the moun
 tains, and not in the beds or sandsof the
 rivers.
 Don Jose D’Alvear was, beyond all ques
 tion, the first and real discoverer of the gold
 minec of California; and he deserves the
 more credit for this, as his discovery was
 based ujion profound scientific calculation, and
 was not the result of accident. The evidence
 of these facts, which he possesses, inthe shape
 lof well attested documents, from persons
 high in in California, place the
 matter lieyond all doubt.
 Signor D’Alvear now visits the United
 1 States, where he was for several years a
 1 resident, for the purpose of disposing of his
 gold, and investing it in safe and improving
 I property, and also for the purpose of obtain
 ing the necessary apparatus and material for
 constructing his new instrument, the Gold
 j ometer,” which is now in great demand in
 i: California, hut the means of constructing them
 j was not to be obtained. Previous to leaving
 i California he sold his ow n instrument, a very
 i imperfect one, for $3,000, w hile they can,
 in reality, be made for less than $2O. —The
 person who purchased it confidently expected
 to make a handsome fortune, by simply finding
 gold placers,” and selling out the right ot
 digging to the gold workers. As 40 the
 li principle upon w hich the new GoldometeT,
 fj or gold finder, is ttwstrucied, we have no
 knowledge. Signor D’Alvear, it is under
 stood, will, for the present, keep it a secret;
 I as it would l»c impossible to protect a patent
 ,j if one were taken out. It is very simple in
 tj construction; and is worked somewhat like
 the old-fashioned vvitchhazle roJ, formerly
 used in seeking for water.
 Signor D’Alvear is ol opinion that vast
 t deposits of gold will yet be found in the
 r United States, of a qnaiuy vastly superior Ui
 that recently discoveicd in N lrgima and North
 Carolina, and that the other mineral riches ol
 1 this country are inconceivably great. The
 5 Signor is profoundly skilled in the mystenei
 of Chemistry, Geology, Electro and ital
 j Magnetism, and other curious branches of
 philosophical study, which, it must lie granted,
 i he has turned to good acooun’ in the present
 r instance. We believe it i* his intention w
 publish some account of his invention ot tb€
 .1 Goldometer,” before returning to California
 We shall look for this work w ith much m
 -1 j terest.
 r i K ibk vppuio.—Ju« as we go to press, the
 I particulars of a villainous case of kidoapptnfi
 s in this city, have come to our knowledge.
 Two coloured youuf me* in pursuit ol
 work in Duane street, were met this morning
 bv two men, seated from behind, and thrust
 into a carriage, which drove upon the instant,
 and one of dU was immediately handcuffed,
 1 the other was theu forced out, and the kidnap
 pers drove off. They wen-, however, trace*
 to the Philadelphia cars, in wliich they de
 B parted for the South, at BA.M. Ik fore th&lt;
 B alarm could be given
 The Telegraph, however, was put in m
 qutMUon, and we trust they may be stopped
 and made to give nceonnl of thetoneivei
 for the high handed outrage.— JjU j-Simwrj
 Standard,
 *A Lotto See sc a.—A pyr oat west
 »j sjM-akiftg of one of thru oratom, *ajd«thai h*
 J j spoke an hour, and was wamble urtbe last.
 i (noi.«aA.—W e' are requested to Male thsi
 il Dr. C. Dikiowee’s ewe nod preventive
 Cholera w foe Diug
 f Stores tn Rochester
 Dec, p
 it
&lt;£ommerc i«L
Racaaarra. Dmt. 27, ISH
 IWpm««7 fe&amp;dßtaf Mthtprodarahae. TV
 mmk nothing it beiaf shipped t
 r&gt;«»fc tlh ru tmi ib w*t ottr tk
 rail.. The ha&amp;fcys do iptum to moke Man
 tgftk. —lew (be fotof ior. TW recent daw
 After the pfcatdYr! «r»»a«. put ftp road* it«
 had roodkkio. Very little W heal or Floor l*w|
 •Am). Gear see floor it woaftlr fS bp
 mdy retail salt* hate hem Bade.
 Roc better Wfeoletato Prim Cwrtll.
 H.OI R tn) MLIL-Dmj ItfeMhal
 Floor, p bW .5 9#
 Coni no), P bush fift
 PROVISIONS.—Duty IWef.Pork .Haros, Boro.,
 Batter aaJ Lard, 2ft p e lime 16 ad ral
 Pork, (o*4) .12 00
 Do. it hug 4 00 4 oO
 Beef,cot. 3SO 4ft 4 M
 Do. bbi. (am) 706 800
 Lol (tried) pft 8
 Do. (leaf,) m..
 Hiai, (smoked) f ft.. 8
 Shoulders, do C• 0
 Turkey* f I
 Chickens
 Potatoes, buab 44 0
 GRAIN—Duty; 20 p e ad ml
 Wheat, bash 1 06
 Cora I SO fi&gt; 63
 Rve m. 50
 Oats 26 27
 Barley 60
 HIDES—DaIy; ft p c ad ml
 Slaughter 3.)
 Calf 10
 Shew Pelts .12 4 4ft 2ft
 SEEDS —Duty Linseed 10 pe; Mustard 20 p
 r a&gt;l ral
 Closer
 Timothy 1 2ft 4ft
 Flax 1 00
 FISH —Duty on foreign caught; 20 p c ad ral
 Whittiiih hU 7 00
 Codftdt cu t 3 30
 SUNDRIES—
 Salt, p 1W 1 25
 Apples, p bush 00
 Do. dried &lt;fs 75
 Eggs, p dos 10
 Beans, p Uish 75 4J&gt; 1 00
 Hay, p ton 10 00
 Hard wood
 Soft Wood
JOB PRINTING.
 THE NORTH STAR OFFICE, i* furnished
 with new Job Type, for the execution of every
 descrintioa of Printing with ueatHM* and despatch,
 at the lowest prices lor cash, vix:
 liaivt-hills, Blanks, Bill-heads,
 Programmes, Circulars, Hills of Lading,
 Pamphlets, Curds, labels, &amp;r.
 Narrative of the life of freder
 ICK DOUGLASS, wTitten by himself, to lie
 had at this office, price 30 cents.
 Opm to the Public, from 9, A. M. to 8 P.M.
 The anti-slavery office ash read
 ing ROOM, No. 25, Buffalo Street. Tin-
 Room is neatly furnished, and the tables filled with
 some of the Itest Anti-SWvery, Temperance, Reli
 gion*, Political and. Literary Papers.
 WAIT J. LFWIS, Land Surveyor, Keene, Essex
 County, N. Y. Owners of Land in the Coun
 ties of Essex, Franklin, or Hamilton, can have their
 Lands Surveyed on reasonable terms.
 Cash Grocery and Provision Store.
 No. 133, Main street, corner of North street.
 JUST received a full assortment 0 new choice
 Groceries:
 15 hlids. sugar of various qualities
 16 bbls Sttnr*U crushed and coffee sugar
 8 hlids Molasses
 Stuart's syrup, a lieautiful article foe table u«e
 16 chests imperial Old Hyaon and Young. Hyson,
 and Black Teas of superior quality.
 I Itave as choice a lot of Teas as can I*-found in
 the city; pure fragrant Old Hy.-mn, superior fresh
 selected Young Hyson, ami extra black. Every
 j pound mdd will be warranted.
 Wee, Raisins, Emit, Spices, and a variety of
 miscellaneous articles,too numerous to mention.
 Pork, Lard, and Hams,
 Codfish, Mackerel, &amp;c. &amp;c.
 My prices shall be as low as at any establishment
 in the city, as I purchase at tlte lowpst rates i n the
 Eastern market, and sell for rash. Farmers, city
 families, and dealers are invited to call, examine
 and purchase, if they can make their purchases mu
 tually advantageous, as I tilist they can.
 G. B. STEBBINS.
 Rochester, Dec. 1, 1848. 3in49
 Free Labor Groceries,
 IHAVE just received, and shall keep constantly
 on hand,' a good assortment of
 Brown ami White Sugars,
 Molasses, Rice, and Coffee,
 All tlie products of Free Labor. Those in want of
 such goods are invited to purchase, and can be as
 sured of the genuineness ol the articles.
 G. B. STEBBINS,
 133, Main, corner of North street.
 Rochester, Dec. 1,1848. 3iii49
 (CHARLES JO.NFS, North Star House, No. 26,
 J North Street, between Fifth and Sixth, and
 Market and Arch streets, Philadelphia.
 .Strangers visiting die city will find tlie North
 Star House tlie most central, convenient and com
 fortable House in Philadelphia.
 Philadelphia, Dec. 1, 1848. 3m49
 New H atch and Jewelry Store,
 i TOHN KKDZIE having changed his partnership
 J relations, has removed his .Shop two doors
 North to No. 11, State Street, where lie is prepared
 j successfully to compete in the sale of an entire new
 Stock of Goods, consisting of Gobi ami Silver
 English, Anchor, Horizontal ami Vertical Watches,
 Gobi Guard and Fob Chains, Gobi Seals ami Key*,
 Gold arid Silver Pencils, Spectacle- and 'lliimbles,
 i Gobi Ear-Kings, Brice lets, and Finger-Rings—a
 good assortment, cheap; a variety of Ladies’ and
 Gentlemen’* Bream-Pins, new style; double and
 single Hunting gob! ami plated Gobi Pen*,
 best quality. Silver ami Shell Comb* and Cases,
 Fine Cutlery, Au'. Air.
 Tlie above au l a variety of other desirable Goods
 usually kept in &lt;Air business, are offered on more ad
 vantageno-i terms than u«ual; and it iz particularly
 j desired that the goods should be examined, ami
 prices ascertained, before purchasing eLew here in
 j this market.
 We manufacture ami keep oa hand a good assort-
 UMt ./Silver Spnous, warranted a* pure as 4ms
 -11 fieri n coin.
 Will albn keep an assortment of Acconlroo* and
 i other Musical In-lruments, which wiU be sold very
 I biw.
 We intend to keep a gom] assortment of the best
 Br.i-s Eight-day, 30 hour,and alarum Clocks, a* can
 be touts) in this city.—Call and *ee them.
 WATCH REPAIRING, LithfeSy done and war
 route.l by an experienced workman.
 Farther particulars at No. 11 State Street,
 I J. KEDZ4E It Co.
 {P. S.— -To the Farmers in particular we would
 give notice, that we have a variety of Barometers
 w bi' ti w dt give that knowledge of the V .ages of the
 weather, MJiuite aide to adopt bis business to it*
 variation*. Please eaH and examine theta, a* every
 wan ought to have oar.
 Sep. 15, 1848. 6m.
 f AUBURN mm 4 ROCHESTER
 r RAIL-ROAD
 t AN and after Monday, 23d October thr three Pa**-
 U eager Trains will he am aged a* follow*—
 —To leave Rochester at 4 H
 5.8.. ami 44 r.
 J WIITWIID.-To Wave Auburn at 2| 4
 1 a.a., aad 41 M.
 No Train leave* RochcUrr Eastward on Sunday
 »i II s. a. or at r.a,
 No Tram laves Auburn Westward oa Suarlay.al
 44 a-*-, aor on Monday at 2} a.a.
 On and after the Ut Sovcwber, the far* between
 Boehemer aad Auburn will §|2 20 ia irst darn
 ears. Trrkets wtllaho he mid emit bag the holder
 r to a sent is the Fmigrant ears leaving Barhrrter at
 14 r. m., at reduced prices, to be pAfidwd hereaf
 ter.
 These tickets arc from Eoehsaler in Syneaae.
 ura aad Afcaey only, going East. Thm tram M
 "timed to na la Afcaay in IS hiari bam Burk maw.
 The ocher turn trams are based to ran (hers in 14
 I hears each.
 tj WILEY. Sapeviemadeut.
 Bar heater. Oh t, 22, IMS.
 r islf-Clllßg Mi BnmtmH
 J TJ ALPH FRANCIS’* Salaan. nedar the E*fla
 XV BsAhtum. jdIMS-
ROOKS, Be., Fe* Sale m A*
 vOfnctkll(«&gt;ne Koo*. Wo-
 WtikJ ftm Mpnwtf th*Areadr:
 IVimtiff if P'raorrirk I&gt;nu*W*.
 Inilh— WiifT.
 Portrait
 lineaemimsvwwditv rfghim.
 j U|tM of Überty.
 Skitm ilwtfMrd by ii» Hfcrt tm Woman,
 i Abo a rirb nrirtvtf Four? an* wbl srtwlr
 bub tn the Ladio 1 Aatt-Sk»m Some**,.
 f
 DR. A. CLARK,
 DENTAL *UR43«NtMC.
 i
 |T wwtd rcSprctfaßy inform the citiaera of jLuKrstc
 j 1 aad **rru»in tiac rnwntrx, that I have ree»&gt;v&lt; d we
 faßce fmwi No. W Sn*»tti‘» Arrajc tn fay dvrettnj
 SmiV’ No. 92 Mtuvnr Street,
 thankful far put favor* fa the liar of «y profen
 |iM,uilfau«ni|ajwlf that I pedre
 t satisfaction to all who ny favor at with their pa
 f trounge. 1 would iuvite all thou* who are dr
 Afaa* ofhaving operation perforated oa thr fatth o
 of having teeth maerted to call on aw and aatisf
 ibemsrlvr*.
 A. CLARK.
 N. B. All operations prrhnmd bj mr oa ih
 Mth nod Pint* Work warranted.
 Rochester. Oft. IS. 1&amp;I8. »f.
 NEW rrifF FACTORY*
 THE suherrihv takes this method to iufarai tfa
 citizens of Rochester and vicinity, that he ha
 just established a Pump Fnctqpy, at mwuhrr 224
 Main street, w here he wid be happy U&gt; wrait upon al
 who may favor him with their patronage.
 Having hnd censiderahie experience in his line o
 j business, he pledges himself to furnish as good at
 article, and of as good matei fal, as can be procure*
 |at any other similac.establishment in this city. Hi-
 Piunps are famished with either wood or lead pipe
 ;as may suit customers. He aai susppl'cs, to order
 I every tlescriptiofi of Aqueduct Logs, Lead Pipe
 Tlw subscriber will take pleasure in directing sis-1
 of his customers as may require the information, t*
 j competent workmen, wlio w ill attend to all calk* lot
 digging, thrilling, or blasting wells, promptly, and al
 reasonable rates. All kinds of Pumps repaired ti
 order.
 The aliove work will lie famished at tlw
 j lowest prices, for cash. Person* will do well tn
 give bun a call before purchasing elsewhere.
 J. R. KF.I.T.
 Rochester, July 14,1848. ly»
 New aid Second-Hand (lothiug.
 At 48, Exchange. Street, Rochester.
 I LOYD SCOTT would most respectfully inform
 J his friends ami the Public generally, that he ha.-
 distantly on hand an excellent assortment of New
 and Second Hand Clothing, such as Coats, Panta
 loons, Vests, &amp;c., with which he will supply
 Customers at tha most reasonable Prices.
 L. 8. desires also to inform the Public, that hr
 attends to repairing ami renovating, which fa* war
 i rants to J*- done at the cheapest rate, ami in thr
 best anti neatest possible manner. His long experi
 ence in the business warrants him in assuring all
 who may patronize him, that his work sliall lie done
 to their entire satisfaction.
 Rochester, July 14, 1848.
 TRUNKS! THINKS!
 THE first qualilv of article is to he had at I.AING
 BOXNEI.L’S new Establishment, No. 59,
 State Street, Rochester. Also a general assort
 ment of Valises, Travelling Bags, &amp;c., which are
 offerer! at the very lowest prices for Cash.
 Carriage Trimming executed in the latest style
 and w ith dirpatch, by J. T. Li ng, at his old stand
 in State Street, opposite the .Mansion House.
 J. T. L. having had extensive experience in tlw
 Eastern markets, hopes to give satisfaction to a
 generous public who shall favor him w ith their pa
 tronage.
 Rochester, July 14,1848. Shi
 POST AND WILLIS, Dealers in Drugs, .Medi
 cines, Cliemicals, Dye Stuffs, Paints, Varnish,
 Oils, Glassware, Brushes, Perfumery, Daguerreotype
 Stock, French and German Cliemicals, Artists’
 Colors, Bm-Us ami Canvass, Etheria! Oil, Hold
 Leaf and Foil, &amp;c. &amp;c.
 Being Agents for most of the celebrated Family
 and valuable Patent Medicines, and receiving tlie
 same directly fr&lt;uu (lie Manufacturer* or their Agents,
 they :i(e enabled to supply all orders at wholesale
 and retail, on tlie most favorable terms.
 Ilomu'opnthic Books, Medicines, and Family
 Cases, with full direciious. Only agents for West
 ern New York.
 Afco, Sherwood*# Vibratory Magnetic Machines,
 with directions.
 Phosgene Has; also Ktherial Oil and I .amps, for
 burning the same. Those who would consult eco
 nomy and convenience are invited tn examine thest
 Lamps. Tlie attention of Country Merchants, Phy
 sicians, Families, ami others, wishing goods in the
 above line, is requested at tlie APOTHECARIES'
 HALL, 4, Exchange Street.
 FUR AND SILK HATS.
 FARRINGTON PRICE, manufacturer and
 dealer in Fur and Silk Hats, Cloth and Fur
 Caps, Ladies’ Furs and Trimmings, Hidfnlo Robes
 and an assortment of Hat Cases, Umbrellas,
 &amp;c., No. 2, St. Paul Street, Minerva Block.
 A usual supply- of Buckskin Gloves and
 Mittens.
 ROCHESTER SHOE AND LEATHER
 JOBBING HOUSE.
 THE subscribers at No. 22 State street, take plea
 sure in announcing to the public that they have
 completed arrangements by which they are enabled
 to offer the most satisfactory inducements to all en
 gaged in tire sale or manufacture of Boots ami Shoes,
 to come to this market far a supply.
 They are also offering on tlie most favorable terms,
 a large stock of Sole and Upper Leather, Kip, Calf,
 ami Morocco Skins, with a full assortment of Find
 ing, including La-ts, Pegs, &amp;c. Dealers will find it
 greatly to their interest to examine oar stock liefore
 purchasing elsewliere.
 jylO SAGE PANCOST.
 PRINTING PAPR AGENCY.
 WE are Agents far tire Buffalo Prper Mills,
 where Paper of the best quality is made from
 pure spring water, very white and smooth. A sup
 ply of News and B-s.k Paper kept constantly for
 sale by us, at Mill price*, in large or small lots.
 Any size and quality of Paper not on hand, fur
 nished at short notice.
 Printers ami others will ifo well to rail and exam
 ine the quality and price, at No.'fl Exchange *t.
 FISHER A Co.
 jj2l Booksellers ami Publishers.
BOSTON ADVERTISEMENTS.
NEW BOOKS.
 FOR SALE at the Anti-SUrcry De|iository, 21,
 Cornhill—namely,
 The Liberty Bell far 1848. A few copies remain.
 Life of William VV. Brown, 2d Edition, with addi
 tional matter ami new engravings. Price, Ismuml,
 37ft ct*; in paper eoverv, 25 cts.
 Mr. Shackford’s Apfieal in ttgard to lire War with
 Mea iro, 12ft cts.
 Position ami Duties of tlie North, with regard to
 Slavery. By Andrew P. Peafasly. uch.
 Six Months at Grarfewbcrg. By Henry C. Wright.
 91.00.
 Dick Cfowuingshield, the as.aasin, and Zaclmry
 Taylor, the SoMier; the Difiiereore In-tweeri
 them. By llenry C. Wright. 3 cU. single; 25
 ets per dozen.
CLARKSO X,
 LONDON EDITION—WITH PfIRTRAIT.
 4 FEW eopie* of CI.ARKS4JN S HISTORY
 A OF THE ABOLITION OF THE SLAVE
 TRADE, with prefatory remark# on the stdwe&lt; ueut
 aluliiwo of SUrery; a beautiful Lmdoa aditton,
 with a kac P&lt;*inu» of the Author, done om steel, —s
 bonk wbkfa could not he imported fur le*s than threw
 dollars, can be bad at 21, Cornhill, if applied for
 immediately, at the very low price of One Dollar,';
 rash. Also, EI LOGIUM ON CLARKSON, by
 Altiasdkr fttxstu, at the reduced prior oI
 tweftye and a half teats.
 MACON B. ALLEN, Attorney «*i Covursellor j
 at Law, Masraehusett* Blork.

 BOYS’ CLOTHING.
 S AML EL WIUfON, 19, Brattle Btmt, haviag
 mud* recent add*mas tohk stork, is prepared to
 fanush BOY'S’ CLOTHING, of as good —leriil
 aad fa, aad at a* cheap price*, as ran be obtaiwd fa
 ek i 1
 NBW ENGLAND SWUM) HAND
 GU/THING STUKE,
 No- M, Unto* Siaxtr; Borton.
 JOHN WRIGHT keeps roMaatkw hand a,
 great variety of New and Second Head Clothing
 Cfaufaedalkmde.tofaaaalddafato. W.Lfe*Z.
 Watches, Beau aad Sheen, Be., eithsemii for new
 rlathing... Cefa sdvssred m el kind* if

 ISAAC H. SNOWDEN, Ben k. Ne-rpspw. f
 Fancy Jeb Prfater, Ift, Wefar j
 W* AHsrfac* pm«r% ifaßMjf* 1
 -n.
HOME FOR REFORMERS.
 THE fatnnnM a that aaat, eee**-
 I t'm, sad MHUMarfiwkna, If*. Ift Central
 Csart, where he will be thappj is sik n* .war
 of the Friend* of Reform, at tenmasiMs charges.—
 He Ii nhi hee bowse to be the enteral pfacw fa Bos
 ton, whn* chtfrieads fa Temperance. Peace, Parity,
 Freedom, the Prisoner, Jtr..aiay meet together, and
 cnynv mmfortabfe nail fMt h*ie*.
 Central Court «*vw at 238 Wsihiagfa street
 JOHN M. SPEAR.
 Boston, Aag, 21. IMS.
 iTHOMM P. SMITH. No. 38, Brattle Street,
 1 «t&gt; of the (lokien Bah. Near sad Seeoil
 hand Limbing State.
 r r-1
 XusarlisHH Q«artf rlyßfTkm,
 1 H, MrNCEI&gt; far that of fVermber. DM7,
 i the tet of March, June, and
 Sept«hrr. ft will he devoted to the interest
 l of no p*n y or rfa*,, ljot r-wdartoce will etrferi
 Ifar held far the antre*
 ami disc mss «o« of mailer* pmafame to Phrlosoahv.
 Ine Review will hr cawfartedby R. W. Finer
 son. Them foie Parker, ami J. F.RiotCebat. Masted
 by several other gentlemen.
 F»»eh number will rontaia abont 125 paces, at tha
 price of §3 a rear, fa advance,
 j I’lWmiraißKi#, subscription*, Ac. faatki b*
 addressed io the Publishers,
 COQLIDGE k WILEY.
 12, Water Street. Boston
 j DOBtRT MORRIS, Jn., Attorney and Coon-
 I A.V sellor at Law, llrazer’* Budding, tfiate Street,
 Boston.
 [i
 JOHN l&gt;. REVALEON. Hair Cntting Saloon,
 ami Perfumery Emporium, 114, Blackstooe-et.
SEW YORK ADVERTISEMENTS.
JUST PUBLISHED, and for sale at the ofice of
 of tire Anti Slavery Standard
 The Legion of Lihrrty, and Force of Tntih, lOih
 e« I it ion.
 This work contains about MIO pages of close
 reading; 300 eminent authorities, ami about sixty
 illustrative engravings. Price 37ft cts. in muslin,
 j and 25 cents in paper covers. A very liberal dis
 -1 count to those who purclrase a number of copies.
 The Condition, Influence, Rights, and Apj»-al of
 Women, from various aullrors, 12ft cents,
 j Liter to the People of tire United States, touching
 tire Matter of Slavery. By Theodore Parker.—
 1 pp. 120. Price 18ft cent*.
 Wm. NV. Brown’s Lcture before the Female A S.
 Soi iely of Salem, Mas*. Reported by 11. M.
 Pjrklutrst, Boston—pp. 22. Price 5 cents.
 i YITILLIAM S. POWELL, Sailor’s Home, 61,
 VV Cherry Street.
 DR. J. M’CUNK SMITH, 93, West Broad
 way.
 TJ INNINGS, Surgeoo-Dentist, 186, North
 Broadway-
 JOSEPH C. HOLI.V, Boot an/Shoe Maker.
 No. 97, Cmnbery Str»&gt;et, Brooklyn.
 N.B. Repairing nealK executed at tlie shortest
 notice and on the most reasonable terms.
 PHILIP A. WHITE, Druggist, corner of Frank
 fort and Gokl Street.
 GENTEEL BOARDING HOUSE.
 CHARLES HIGHGATE, wonkl respectfully in
 form his friends and the public, that h«t continue*
 to devote every attention to those pleaseAto fav&lt; r
 his home” w ith a call. The house is
 J located at 632 Broadway, Alhnnv.
 Feb. 19, 1848.

 TIJIIJJAM RICH, Hair Dressing and Bathing
 iVV Saloon, Troy House, Troy, New Vork.
 NEW PUBLICATIONS
 WILL BF. READY IN A FEW DAYS,
 Walker’s Areeai., with a brief sketchof
 I his life by Hrnry Highland (iamrt.
 Also, Garnet’s Addrtsa to the Slat** *&gt;f the Uni
 led State*. This address was rejected Ivv tire Na
 tional Convention at Buffalo in 1843. The edition
 is small, and tMse who desire copies will do well to
 j send iu their orders early.
 JUST PUBLISHED, a Lecture entitled Thi
 Past ard Present Conditior or the Color
 Et» Race, by Henry Highland Ifamrt.
 Published at Troy, N. V. Orders attended to.
 April 28, Bm.
 General Intelligence Office.
 GEO. W. GOINKS having opened an Establisii
 .ment at the Philadelphia Institute,
 Lomlmrd Street, alx.ve Seventh, far the pur|¥ise of
 procuring honest and fiiithful domestics for those
 who may require tliprn, and obtaining place* for
 such as are qualified and in want thereof, begs leave
 to refer to tire following named gentlemen, who have
 kindly permitted the use of their names a*
 REFERENCES:
 Andrew M’Makiu Editor of tlie American Courier
 Robert Morris, Editor of the Inquirer
 Jasper Harding, Publidier of the Inquirer
 i Charles J. Peterson, Editor of Neal’s Gazette
 i Titos. B. Florence, Editor of Time* and Keystone
 Robert Howell, 88, Chesnut Street
 j Hilliam J. Mullen, 278, Catherine Street.
 Philadelphia, Sept. 1, 1848. |y_3£.
 DK. D. J. PECK, Physician and Surgeon, Phi
 ladelphia Institute, Lombard Street, above
 Seventh. ly—»&gt;
 I
 FREE PRODUCE STORE.
 NEW GOODS just recived. General reduction
 in prices.
 Fine 4-4 Prints, various styles.
 New styles of Prints of medium quality, usual width.
 Fine and wide Paper Muslins. Also Colored
 Cambrics.
 Curtain Calico. Superior line Chintz Umbrella*.
 Oil Ulollts.
 Satinets, good ami rlieap. Also on hand, mostly at
 reduced price;*, Gingliams, various qualities and
 styles.
 Fine ami lieavy Shirting, Sheeting*, and Pillow
 Muslins.
 I Striped Cambrics. Fine 6-4 Fluid Muslin.
 Muslin de Line, plain ami neatly figured, all wool
 Linens, warranted free fnan cotton.
 I Lnuiels 4-4 gooil and price k*w. C lutoc. flannels,
 white ami colored.
 Table Diaper ami Cloths, of diflerent styles.
 Apron ami Furniture Check. Cotton Handkerchief*.
 Cotton Twilled Pantaloon Stuff*. Also Linen
 1 Drilling, &amp;c.
 j l*»ng and half Hose, floe ami heavy.
 I Knitting Cotton, various Nos., bleached, brown, and
 j colored.
 Wadding, white ami colored Cotton Laps. Also,
 Refined l*«*f, Vu-lied, ami Pnlverized Sugar.
 S Brown Sugar, good quality, of various grades.
 Tlie whole stock exchisivelv Free I arbor Goods,
 u&gt; which lie Subscriber woold invite the attention
 lof com,try merchant*, as well as In* friend* and lit*
 public generally.
 Much poms is taken liy the Managers of the Frc*
 P rot lure A**o» faiion, to assist the Subscriber to en
 large rlie asnortuieni from tune to time.
 GEORGE TAYLOR,
 Northwest comer Fifth aad Cherry-sis.
 I'ioLidelphia 2&gt;l iwo. Ist, 1848. tf
 j
 Jrtt LiNr 4i*t4s.
 MA N 1 1 ACTL RED by the American Free Pro*
 duce ration, ami for sale at No. 31, North
 fifth-street, PloUielphia:
 Manchester tiiaghams; Checks, Apron ami Fee
 fiiiure; anum Flannel, unbleached. Muslfa,
 (ilrarM ami uiUfV’Wd, %A vjmmmm retail if w an 4
 .width; thin Mnalfa fa Iming*, brown aad colored;
 Bird Eye Towel*; black and white Wadding;
 Colton lag»; Lamp Wick; Bed Twk*ag, an ea
 cellent ankle; Caiic*, Stockings, Knitting Cotton,
 bur. iu.
 Orders Cur Goads, or letter* dean mg information,
 nwv he address«ft to J. Miller MnKiio. 31. North
 ImWitet; Ifantel L. Miller, Tewtfoeueet; or to
 James Mott, No. 35, Church Alley.
 t A large and handsruae assortment of Prutf* now
 on hand. jok—if
 liti-SUicry Mkt,
 .Yu. 31, Sorth Ft/th Xtnet, Phahtdrifhut
 A FULL assortment of snti-sfavecy
 i* knpt cowumly on hamb Ain* a fandams*
 vire-tv of luiscellaAsmts pMetmuermn, md oasfol
 and Fnary Hmuomey.
 Alt letter* refatM* g,
 ’to G direetad to/. MiUer
 FiAh-street, Phtfo kdfkm- Jfa-tf
 7 THE DELAWARE ABoLITIOfUST
 i a PAPER of fa* *6o*# mn wrl b* nuMkAad »a
 A WlkwfagttaN .t**?"* AfaMMwury
 (W#C W*.. ft will h* edmsd by a Cmwim. and will
 b. p-hii*h*d m a half medium facet, at iwemy-Ara
 jemnaryatma'Ha Ddawarelld »S’2*
 fordid, or ac eftmi aa tha mmmm caa he obtamsd
 iAM* BJgOORR^
 r
