Poctrn.
For the Norik Star
 A HOMK IN THE WTST.
 Tew*—TV /«*«V Jfcyw*
 Coni gofowmtWbonw whereinchildhoodlstrayed
 From Ike orchard, the meadow brook, where
 From the imr&gt; of my youth winch my heart lor*
 the beat—
 Con I leave (bee, my bowir, for a borne in the weat
 Oaa I leave ye, my p;re«ls, when age drwwvth near
 Can I leave ye, my brothcfd, to my heart ever dear
 Rid adieu to ike friendf” which art childhood ban
 blest—
 Caa I leave thee, my home, for a bon* in the went
 Can I go from the place where I’ve It ngered b
 a rep-
 Can I leave that dear spot where my sister dot
 simp—
 Where the spring dnurn Auridi the sweetest, th
 best—
 Ak, bow can I bid thee adieu for the weat?
 Bat the flower* they w ill flouriah, the birds sing a
 street.
 And warble their lava round that lovely retreat,
 And frieada they will linger near the, place of th
 rest,
 Aid thoult aleep ou as sweetly, when I’m in ih
 weat.
 Can I gel Yea—why linger—haste, haste the
 away—
 Forget thy endearments, in hope of the diy
 When parents, when 1 wot hers, the nearest, the best
 Will hasten to greet thee at thy home in the west.
 Rochester, Dec. 10th, 1648. M. A. (i.
 {From the Anti-Slavery Standard.]
 AMBROSE.
 Never, surely was holier man
 Than Ambrose ,-incc the world began
 With diet spare anil raiment thin,
 lie shielded himself from tlie father of sin
 Willi bed of iron and scourging* oft,
 His lieart to God's hand as wax made soft.
 Through earnest prayer and watchings long
 He sought to know twixt right and w rong,
 Much wrestling w ith the 1 deseed word
 To make it yield the sense of the Lord,
 That lie might build a storm-proof creed
 To fold Else flock in at their need.
 At last he builded a perfect faith
 Fenced round about with Tkr Jjtrd thu* *&lt;uth:
 To himself lie fitted tlie doorway ’a sire,
 Meted the light to the need of Ids eyes,
 And knew by a sure and inward sign,
 That the work of his fitters was diviue.
 Then Ambrose said, All lliose shall die
 The eternal death who believe not a* I;”
 And some were !&gt;oiled, some burned in fire,
 Some sawn in twain, that his heart’s desire,
 For tlie good of men's souL, might be satisfied
 By tlie drawing of all to the righteous side.
 One day, as Ambrose was seeking the truth
 In hi* lonely walk, he saw a youth
 Resting himself in the shade of a tree
 It bad never been given him to see]
 8o shining a face, and the good man thought
 'Twere pity he should not believe as he ought.
 So he Kite himself by the young man's side,
 And th? state of his soul with questions tried;
 But the heart of the stranger is burdened indeed,
 Nor received the stamp of tlie one true creed,
 And the spirit of Ambrose was vexed lo find
 Such face in front of so na»ow a mind.
 As each beholds in cloud and fire
 The shape tiat fulfils his own desire,
 So each,” aaid jlie youth,“ in the law shall find
 Tlie figure and features of his mind;
 And to each in his mercy hath God allowed
 His several pillar of fire and cloud.”
 The sou! of Ambrose burned with seal
 And bolv wrath for the young man s weal;
 Believest thou, then, most wretched youth,”
 Cried lie, a dividual essence iu Truth!
 I fear me thy heart is too cramped w ith sin
 To take tlie Lord in his glory in.”
 Now there bubbled beside them, wliere tlsey
 stood,
 A fountain of waters sweet and good;
 'Hie Youth to tlie streamlet's brink drew uear
 t Saying, Ambrose, thou,maker of creeds,
 look here!”
 Six vases of crystal then he took,
 And set them along the edge of the brook.
 As into these vessels the water I pour.
 There shall one bold less, another more,
 And the water unclianged. in every cue,
 Shall put on the figure of the vase;
 O thou who wouldst unity make through strife,
 Can’st thou fit this sign to the Water of Life!”
 When Ambrose looked up, lie stood alone,
 The Youth, and the stream, and tlie vases
 were gone,
 But he knew by a seusc of humbled grace,
 He had talked with ail An?el&gt; face to face.
 And felt his lieart change inwardly.
 As lie foil on his knees beneath the tree.
 i HE SPIRIT OF THE AGE
 BY 3. HAGER
 From tlie trance, once endle.»s seeming,
 Nations have awoke at last!
 Man his spirit is redeeming
 From tlie thraldom of the past.
 Mind hath burst tlie lionds abhorrent
 Ignorance had torged for her,
 leaping like a inountaiiijtorrent
 O’er its rocky barrier.
 Fast the clouds of doubt and error
 Vanish under reason’s ray,
 Superstition’s reign of terror
 Hath for ever passed away.
 Vainly rulers now dissemble,
 Well then- every act is scanned;
 Thrones arc tottering, tyrants tremble,
 Their tlestiuetion is at hand.
 Nor can all the aid restore llicui,
 hicli embattled hosts afl'ord,
 l«*r (he power tliat triumphs o’er them
 L a migUtim tlian tlie sword.
 In his rights, his worth, believing.
 Mail id' regal pomp hath done;
 Mind a vicl&lt; ry’s achieving,
 Buch as war hath never won.
 Only lo tbs Oiuuiprt.-sent,
 Willingly we bend die knee.
 And alike, in king or peasant.
 .See but mortals frail as w,.
 Fearlessly die truth is probing
 Systems time hath rendered gray
 Bland hypocrisy disrobing,^
 Tearing faln-hood'e mask a wav
 Science, of her toil imspttring.
 Nature’s mysteries lo explore,
 Enters with a tearless daring,
 Paths she never trod before
 From corruption's mists which shroode:
 Fair Religion’s form in uifbt,
 She is coming forth unclouded
 In a Idas* ef .heavenly light'
 Tenting by investigation,
 Everything, however sage.
 Building on a sure foundation,
 Is the spirit of the age.
 Scorning creeds, however boary.
 Which man’s intellect disgrace.
 Pointing am the path of glory
 Destined for die human race.
 Spend, Then, spaed it on iu nuseioa—
 Spend it iu iu work of good,
 Teaching man his true position,
 Universal brotherhood.]
|0 cUct ijo n 0.
Fn» Ok Kmubunrh Hstsnlsv Vi*tw.
 A EXr OH THE SI^fWIPPI.
 WM on the 13th ol November,
 I that I took my departure from
 the Crescent City, on board the steam*
 P---- t of Cincinnati,
 j Captain H- While lying in port,
 there wag a youog man ol noble nfh
 pearance came on board and took bertha
 for himself and wife for some port in
 Indiana, and paid the fare; but when
 he brought her on board of the boat,
 the captain told him be would bare to
 tako his wife down on deck, for ho
 thought she had some nigger blood in
 her. Here some words followed be
 -1 tween the husband and captain, wWch
 ended in putting the lady on deck, and
 refunding the passage money. They
 informed me -fhat they were from Baton
 Rouge, and were on the way to Indiana
 1 to purchase a farm.
 The young lady had at her breast one
 j of (he fairest and prettiest children that
 I ever saw, apparently about ten months
 old. The mother was of a truly femi
 nine appearance; she had long black
 hair, dark blue eyes, and a very deli
 cate form, boon after she came on
 board, the boat was nut in motion for
 her destination up the Father of Riv
 ers. The weather was fiue, but rather
 warm for that time of the year; the
 evenings were very pleasant; in fact, it
 was the only time for enjoying our
 selves. There might be seen in every
 direction small troops of passengers
 promenading the decks, watching the
 vessels as we glided past them, as it
 were, with lightning speed. Some were
 discussing the policy of the present
 war, whilst others were looking forward
 with pleasing anticipations to the time
 when they should see their friends and
 relatives; all was life, animated life;
 the boat herself seemed to feci her im
 portance, and darting through the wa
 -1 ter with majestic strides, she left a dark
 cloud of smoke suspended in the air
 ike a banner. Far astern in the wake
 of the boat could be seen the rippled
 waves, sparkling in the rays oi the
 moon, giving strength and beauty' to
 the splendor of the evening. But our
 happiuess was not ot long endurance,
 for upon the boat landing at Natchez,
 the captain informed the authorities ot
 that town that he thought he had on
 hoard of his boat a young runaway
 slave. They of course repnired imme
 diately to the boat, but could not find
 their victim until she was pointed out
 to them by the captain. They then
 dragged her ashore, and put her in jail,
 until her husband could get what he
 had forgotten, namely, a certificate
 showing that he was legally married to
 her. The boat shoved of}’, and we left
 them in tears. I could not myself de
 tect anything in her countenance or
 conversation that would condemn her in
 the North from walking in the highest
 circles of society. Now, this is hut an
 every-day occurrence in the South,
 where the institution of slavery pre
 vails, and yet Northern Christians have
 nothing to do with American slavery!—
 But more anon. Yours, &amp;c.,
 Traveller.
 THE LAW OF RIGHT AND THE L AW
 OF LOVE.
 The double suns which illumine the
 moral universe-—aspire to the true glo.
 ry, uud what is higher than glory, the
 great good, of taking the lead in the
 disarming of the nations. Let us aban
 don the system of preparation for war
 in time of peace, as irrational, unchris
 tian, vainly prodigal of expense, and
 having a direct tendency to excite the
 very evil against which it professes to
 guard. Let the enormous means thus
 released from iron hands, be devoted
 to labors of beneficence. Our battle
 ments shall be schools, hospitals, col
 leges and churches our arsenals shall
 be liberaries; our navy shall be peace
 ful ships, on errands of perpetual com
 merce our army shall be the teachers
 of youth and the ministers of religion.
 This is, indeed, the cheap defence ot
 nations, in such entrenchments, what
 Christian soul can he touched with
 fear Angels of the Lord shall throw
 over the lund an invisible, hut impen
 etrable panoply
 Or if virtue feeble were,
 Heaven itself would stoop to her.
 i At the thought of such a change in
 policy, the imagination loses itself in
 the vain effort to follow the various
 streams of happiness, which gush forth
 as from a thousand hills. Then shali
 the naked be clothed and the hungry
 fed. Institutions of science and learn
 ing shall crow n every hill-top hos
 pitals for the sick, and other retreats
 or the unfortunate children ot the world,
 for all who suffer in any way, in inind,
 body or estate, shall nestle in every
 valley while the spires of new- church
 es shall leap exulting to the skies. The
 whole land shall hear witness'to tht
 change art Shall confess it in the new
 inspiration of the canvass and Hie
 marble; the harp of the poet shall pro
 claim in a loftier rhyme. Above all
 i the heart of man shall bear witness tc
 it in the elevation of his sentiments, it:
 the expansion of his affections, in hi:
 devotion to the highest truth, in his ap
 preciation of true greatness. Th«
 i eagle of our country, without the
 terror of his beak, and dropping the
 forceful thunderbolt from bis pounces
 j shall soar with the olive of Peace, intc
 I untried realms of ejlier, nearer to tht
 I sun —CA«». Sumner.
 Irani tin- Pinluk-lphin Republic
 WINTER CHARITIES.
 The benevolent institutions' of oui
 1 large cities are actively engaged in re
 organizing their systems and preparing
 for the distribution of aims to the pooi
 people, whose wants are so much in
 j creased, arid means of support diiniu
 j ished, by the severity of the season
 Physical destitution is so distinctly
 understood, and the remedy
 that humanity never fails to respond t&lt;
 its appeals, i he charity ef ahnsgiv
 ing is perhaps the most duly honored a
 our ««cial duties. It the credi
 of our nature that its good impulses ir
 found active in a degree corresponding
 to their felt obligation. This truth
 and we think it is untb, is ground fo
 hope that light in the understanding
 will ever be supported by warmth
 the elections. It is, therefore, to h
 regrettid that King James’ traosla^o
T’Pf
 did not render (he original word in the
 13lh chapter of the first Corinthians
 lore instead of charily, which u too apt,
 to be limited in the popular apprehen
 sion to the duty of “airing our goods
 to feed the poor.** Tpe authority of
 the sacred word has an unacknowledged
 influence upon "the Christian world
 i much beyond the limits of the dumb,
 I and while it is well that any extent of
 its meaning is apprehended and felt, it
 would be still better that the deepest
 and broadest obligations of its teach
 ings were as clearly perceived.
 Almsgiving is unavoidable in. the
 present slate of society, and as neces
 sary as patching an outworn garment
 j until it can he replaced by a better
 one. Misery demands such temporary
 i relief, and we must give it but it is,
 after all, an inadequate and miserable
 remedy. It is too much to say that it
 is twice blessed and neither Shak
 speare nor the Apostlea ever risked
 J their inspiration upon such a declara
 tion. It was the Pharisee who practi
 -1 cally exalted eleemosynary gifts above
 the virtue of justice, indeed, it is
 rather fortunate when it is not twice
 j cursed, cursed in both him who gives
 and him who takes. But, though the
 I evil fruits are in many, instances
 avoided, the system is an evil one that
 requires such constantly recurring ad
 justments. It is bad for the world that
 the virtue is required.
 I II the Kingdom of Justice or any
 tolerable approach toward it, could any
 i way be established on either all those
 necessary things for which so many toil
 j ail their lives, and so many perish for
 the want of, would be happily provided
 for all. The Creator and the Material
 Creation are not in fault. The heav
 ens and the earth are both genial and
 generous, but human society is a terri
 ble failure. Its order and economy are
 essentially vicious. Living costs every
 j body too much—some, more than they
 i can pay. The three learned profes
 sions, embracing a large share of the
 learning and talent of the community,
 arc all the time at work, tinkering and
 cobbling the sins and sufferings of soci
 i ety, without much success. Govern
 ments are quite as busy trying to hold
 the incoherent mischiefs of the social
 and political systems in merely tolera
 ble condition. Nations consider each
 other natural enemies. Christendom at
 large disowns the brotherhood of the
 race and the average of religious
 1 conscience is not above the standard
 of the municipal law. So, we have
 faith without the fulness of its fruits,
 and religion and morality are practically
 divorced. Scarcely anything of all
 that heaven and earth offer for our-use,
 answers its beneficent purposes except
 sleep millions are denied even the
 full blessings of that, and to nearly all,
 the excellent uses of life are postponed
 till after death.
 Fortunate people secure the means of
 good at a sad expense to the unfor
 tunate, whether they know and intend
 it or not, like the rank grass that grows
 upon graves, the rich not upon the
 wretchedness which rots beneath them,
 j Bad people find gratification in such
 luck as this, strive for it and glory in
 1 it 'and the best are compelled by the
 i curst necessities of their condition to
 fight the battle of life as fiercely as the
 j worst.
 The good and generous, man age to
 cull some happiness out of their cares,
 while suffering for the present and la
 j boring and praying for the good time
 coming;” but the average of human
 history is a mournful story, punctuated
 all along*with tombstones and embellish
 ed with the monuments of those who
 have died to atone for the sins of the
 j world.
 These deaths, however, mean some
 thing that more than compensates for
 the melancholy which they awaken.
 The Cross of the Sacrificed is the
 mystic symbol of the world’s eventual
 redemption. Every martyr ascends to
 the Father to receive good gifts for
 men every life loyally devoted and
 generously offered up, swells the trea
 sures laid up for the world. The
 children of the slayers become the
 heirs of the slain. The victims whom
 their fathers slew become sacrifices for
 them the slaughters of each genera
 tion are the sacraments of the next,
 and humanity will at last be regen
 erated in the blood of its own martyrs.
 This must be the divine philosophy
 of that providence which sends its
 chosen ones out into the world like
 sheep among wolves. The world must
 work out its own redemption through
 the divinity of labor and the sacredness
 of suffering. This Cup may not pass”
 till it is finished.” But not until the
 whole system of suffering and sacrifice
 is ended, and the divine order insti-
 I tuted, will the Earth be regenerated.
 Tariff Philosophy. The Mail,
 which is always on hand to advocate
 protection” by tariff, sticks to the
 i profound argument that because for
 eign governments have partly deprkfed
 our laborers of their markets, our gov
 ernment has a right to go on and deprive
 them of the whole or a part of what is
 left. The model government of Eng
 land burdens and trammels our farmers
 who wish to trade with the inhabitants
 of that country, and this passes whith
 j the Mail for a reason why our govern
 ment should burden them still more
 O logic
 The Mail cannot see how the proper
 rew’ard for labor can be secured by an
 open and direct competition with the
 pauper labor of Europe. Does it see
 I how the Ohio farmer can raise corn and
 sell it, hiring free labor, in competition
 with the stolcu labor of Kentucky i
 Why don t we have a tariff against the
 i slave states But if the pauper labor
 of Europe actually can make goods and
 send them to us cheaper than we can
 j afford to make them, then we must do
 just as we should have to it an inex*
 i haustible mine of cloth were discovered
 j in the rocks b*neath us. Who but a
 fool would think of manufactuaiug cfotli
 j in such circumstances r— Who, but a
 fool in the staging business would asli
 f for protection agsinst railroads
 t But the moment you begin te talk (kin
 to practical manufacturers they will tel
 you that our domestic fabrics are bettei
 .land more durable than the foreign
 r oaee. This in many instances is true,
 I'Mte here sometimes learned to out
 i east by buying foreign shirting a few
 itesats lower then tbe American. Tb
 i honesty of a honjg manufacturer ii
more reliable than that of ft foreign
 one—oat of «ghl.—With equal skill
 ftud care in regard to the »pj&gt;earai»ce
 of oar goods, we can beat foreign pau
 i per labor, and this is ft natural war of
 r retaining our market. It ift all humbug,
 I ft* the Mail refy well know# that the
 I euf of our manufactures Ibpend at
 a#on a tariff for their
 f of them would exist and be pisWbre,
 t if the tariff were entirely abolished to
 t day, because our natural advantages
 lor roan u fact a ring and the skill of our
 people, more tbso counter-balance the
 i greater cheapness of labor abroad.
 The idea that a great nation having
 t plenty of soil, water power, coal, cot
 ton, intelligence, cannot find profitable
 work to do without restricting its own
 citizens from trading abroad, is so
 stupendously absurd and ridiculous that
 t one has no patience to argue against
 it.
 I Take the several countries of the
 world. The problem is to make them
 all rich by their industry. Will the
 i Mail say that every one of them will be
 i bene fitted by having its trade with the
 i rest restricted We think pot. It
 i will probably say thftt there may be
 some countries so situated that, let the
 i rest do as they will, perfect free trade
 will be their best policy. If so, how
 do you decide that our country is not
 one of those very countries which w ould
 be benefited bv the removal of all
 restrictions }—CKronotypt.
 More Irregularity. —“A revolu
 tion occurred recently in the Kingdom
 of Nepaul, India, in consequence of a
 religious vow made by the Queen, that
 she would sacrifice 150,000 people to
 the gods, if the King recovered from
 sickness. He did recover, and the
 Queen was about to execute her vow,
 when the people rebelled and deposed
 the reigning family.— English Paper.
 We consider this conduct ol the peo
 ple of Nepaul decidedly irregular. The
 proposed sacrifice it is true, was some
 what large; but it was strictly in ac
 cordance with the Conventional usages
 and long-established customs of the Ne
 paulitans. The time-honoured plat
 form of the kingdom had always inclu
 ded a special plank for human sacri
 fices. The royal consort had only
 strengthened and widened it, making it
 in current phrase, "broad enough for
 every true citizen to stand upon”—in
 deed, specially made capacious enobgh
 for them to lie down upon. The citi
 zens who arrayed themselves aganst
 the extension of an institution which had
 been "sanctified by a hundred years
 of usage,” were(we speak it in sorrow
 rather than in anger) bolters. The
 much injured family just deposed had
 gone merely for the—"diffusion” of an
 institution which the high priests had
 proved to be "the corner stone of the
 Nepaulitan State.” "Measures not
 men,” had hitherto been the motto of
 the dominant party, but these irregular
 bolters have reversed the rule, and gone
 for men against that shortened measure
 of manhood which the Court prescribed.
 In the language of Lord Noodle,
 where is such conduct to lead? What is
 the tendency of making an issue on lit
 erally a mere ‘sectional’ question?
 What will be the consequence of this
 arraying one part of-society against an
 other? The next step after this interfer
 ence will be abolition, we repeat, the
 abolition of rights guaranteed by the
 Constitution of the State. Why should
 the people of Nepaul have given up for
 a merely temporary question, the old
 issues which have so long divided the
 Quiddoes and Quoddoes of that pros
 perous State, and under which the for
 mer had maintained power for twenty
 five years? We charge this to the spirit
 of revenge on that part of the parti
 sans of the old leaders who were some
 years ago decapitated by the order of
 the Queen consort, in gratitude for the
 timely appeasing of a Royal Colic.
 These partisans had seen scores of
 heads fall without deserting their alle
 giance, yet when orders came for the
 sacrifice of 150,000 lives—the same us
 age only a little more ‘diffused”—they
 bolted on the hypocritic pretence of re
 gard for humanity and the rights of peo
 ple? We charge moreover, what is in
 finitely worse, that the Quiddoes and
 Quoddoes have united in an infamous
 ‘coalition’ under the specious and tak
 ing pretext of ‘free heads,’ for the
 avowed purpose of breaking down the
 old party, and we denounce the mon
 grel alliance to the scorn’ and indigna
 tion of the world.— Albany Atlas.
 Argus and Union please copy.
 American Politeness.— An article
 in Neal’s Gazette, contrasting the po
 liteness of Americans with the boorish
 ness of Englishmen, especially the
 travelling portion of them, closse with
 the following anecdote, illustrative of
 the difference between the people of the
 two nations in good breeding.
 "A friend of oars happening to lose
 his way in Manchester, accosted a well
 dressed person, apparently a merchant,
 and politely asked tor information. The
 Jfthn Bull stopped, stared at our friend,
 and exclaiming, Confound you, don’t
 you bother me,” hurried on. Would
 an American, whatever his taste, have
 answered a stranger thus rudely?
 "Another friend of our* was once
 ascending Loch Lomond, in a steam
 boat, when a shower of rain coming on,
 he noticed a lacy near him, who had
 neither cloak nor umbrella; and taking
 off his Mackintosh, he offered it to her.
 Her husband, who proved to bo a
 Scotch barrister, immediately stepped
 forward to thank our friend, saying—
 You must be an American, for I
 never knew an Englishman to do such
 an act.”
 English Politeness. —We have
 several times noticed with approbation
 the N. Y. Journal of Commerce)
 the trouble taken by British Postoffices
 to secure the interest* of correspond
 ent*. We lately saw a letter which
 had been wafered insecurely, so as to
 come open after lying dropped into the
 letter-box in England. It had been
 carefully refastened with wax. stamped
 with the post-office seal, and Ibesi
 words printed upon one aide of it—
 Received open and resealed at the
 General Postoffice.”
 When will Unde Sam lean to be ao
 civil and accommodating a gentleman?
 1
 Southern Emigration. Armed
 hands of slaveholders are oiwaocEmg to
 MUfratft into the new Territories,
 m
3Utotrtisenunto f
laptrual Pinrrs.
 TDE*S tWw Wterf Cbkira** md
 1 Plow. The Fniar Pkbßr are hereby
 itet Letter* Patrm tee® take®
 scrAcr far h» rmot iml iMyiiin— w the «n
 -•*nrtio* aadmin®f»« rfF»lttC»- T TO,&gt;
 •"ST'#* P* 1 &lt;o P 1
 At trgie ilterf fantefif, by redfcn* *J***f®^ e
 one telf or mare. Wherever ikey have Wt wUv
 they hare net the derided &lt;d
 fanners, m the fallowing certificate* A*
 l»?w* «®d practical fanner wfaote awer are
 attached. ahtmdaatW show:
 CERTIFICATES.
 This may cmifr that we, the S®Unriher», have
 ten and use J the intent Wheel GJtivaW, tavnted
 by Natha* lot, of Shelby, Orleans Co., New
 Y *rk, aad behave it to be, ar a labor-aaviog ma
 rbioe, one of the treatest impvuresaeutA of the age.
 By it, a farmer can put in from tea to fifteen
 more of wheat ia a year, with the same amount of
 team Wwr; he can atom aow it in marh better order.
 By h aKi Canada thistles and other noxious weeds
 may be totally extirpated. Said amchiae is ao con- 1
 strutted that it can be refoiated to go any depth, by j
 means of ycrens on the upper part of the marh me,
 and Ums either plow up the ground thoroughly, or i
 only jnet brush the surface. Up«*u the whole, we
 think it decidedly the beet amchiae ever invented for
 pulverising the ground and facilitating the labor of
 tlie Farmer, and as such we cheerfully recommend it
 to our brother farmers.
 James H. Hedley, James Ide
 Enos Newman, John Stevens,
 John C. Wheeler, Mattes Medley,
 Gardner Berrv, James P. Anderson,
 Shelby, Co., Aprif 23, 1318.
 We, die undersigned, purr based one of Nathan
 Ide’s Patcut Cultivators last Fall, and found it
 answer the purpose so well, that we have this Spring
 made purchase of another. We can w ith this Plow
 prepare with two horses, eight acres of land per day
 for wheat, and it is mneb better done than by the
 old plow and the bind" pepared by ibis Cultivator
 will yield 5 bush, per acre more.
 ELI CHURCH.
 Riga, June, 1848. DENNIS CHURCH.
 After these testimonials, the Subscriber deems it
 unnecessary to enter into a long and elaborate des
 cription of"the implement, with its various ippdes of
 operation. To be folly appreciated, it must be seen
 and used. No farmrr who fully understands his
 interest will he without one, as it is an invaluable
 implement.
 NATHAN IDE, Patentee.
 Shelby, Orleans Co., N. Y., July 1848.
 IDE’S Patent Cultivator is manufactured by
 LEVI WELLS, Buffalo Street, near the Bull’s
 Head, Rochester, N. Y\, wle&gt;rc farmers are iuvited
 to call ami examine for themselves.
 OWEN MORRIS’ CITY BINDERY
 USDER Til f MUSEUM —Iate FISHER MORRIS..
 MR. MORRIS was in the employ of Mr. Marcus
 Morse for seven years, and during that time
 procured for him three Silver Medals, for the best
 specimens of Book Binding, exhibited at the Me
 chanics’ Fairs held in this citv and Buffalo.
 Gentlemen’s Libraries fitted up and repaired
 Music Paper ruled; Music and Periodicals bound
 and finished to any pattern. Blank Account Books
 executed at this establishment have given unequalled
 satisfaction, by their durability and elegance. Strict
 attention is always paid to the quality of paper used,
 to render them equal to the best in the United States
 or those imported.
 Ladies’ Scrap and Guard Books, Albums ami
 i Portfolios, in all their varieties, manufactured to
 order in the best style.
 Banks, Institutions, Societies, &amp;c., may be
 assured of work being (lone on thd most advantageous
 i terms.
 i Gentlemen residing at a distance, by packing and
 forwarding volumes to the above directions, stating
 1 price and style, may rely upon their being well bound
 I on the most favorable terms, also carefully and
 punctually returned.
 N.B. The proprietor hgs spared no expense in
 fitting up the establishment, and introducing into
 f Western New York the latest improvements in
 Book Binding.
 OWEN MORRIS,
 City Bindery, under tbe Museum.
BRITISH PERIODICAL
 LITERATURE.
 i
 SUBSCRIBE EARLY WHILE THE TERMS
 ARE LOW.
 RE PUBLICATION OF
 The London Quarterly Review, The
 Edinburgh Review, The North Rrit
 ish Review, The Westminster Review,
 and Blackwood's Edinburgh tMaga-
 I zinc.
 i The above Periodicals are reprinted in New York,
 immediately on their arrival by the British steamers,
 in a beautiful clear type, on fine white paper, and
 are faithful copies of the originals, Blackwood’s
 Magazine, being an exact fac-nmile of the Edinburgh
 t edition.
 They embrace the views of the three great potties
 in England—Tory, Whig, and Radical. “Black
 wood” and the London Quarterly” are Tory the
 r “Edinburgh Review” Whig; and
 ster Review” Radical. The North British Re
 view” is more of a religious character, having been
 originally edited by Dr. Chalmers, and now, since
 f his death, being conducted by his son-in-law, Dr.
 Hanna, associated with Sir David Brewster. Its
 literary character is of the very highest order..
 1 PRICES FOR 1848, (if subscribed for early.)
 For any one of the four Reviews, 83 00 per annum.
 For any two do 6 00
 For any three do 700
 For all four of tbe Reviews, 8 00
 For Blackwood’s Magazine, 300
 For Blackwood and the 3 Reviews, 900
 For Blackwood the 4 Reviews, 10 00
 Payments to lje made in adcases hi advance.
 CLUBBING.
 Four copies of any or all the above works w ill b
 sent to one address on payment of the regular sub
 1 scription for three—the fourth copv being gratis.
 EARLY COPIES.
 A late arrangement w ith the British publishers of
 Blackwood’s Magazine secures to us early sheets of
 tiiat work, by which we shall be able to plare the
 entire number in the hands of subscribers before any
 portion of it can be re primed in any of the America a
 Journals. For this and other advantages secured to
 our subscribers w pay so hurge a consideration, that
 we may be compelled to raise the price of tbe Maga
 zine. Therefore we repeat subscribe early while
 the price is low.”
 Remittances and communication* should he always
 addressed, post-paid or franked, to the publishers,
 I LEONARD SCOTT A CO.
 70 Fulton street, New York.
THE GIRARD LIFE INSURANCE, AN
 NUITY AND TRUST COMPANY of Phibt
 j delphia. Chartered in 1836—Charter Perpetual;—
 Capital, $300,000 —Benjamin W. Richard*, Pre.i
 deat. Continue* to make insurance on lire*, grant:
 annuities and endowmeau, and accept trusts from in
 dividual*, coqiorale bodies, and court* of justice, j
 and execute them agreeably to the desire of the par-
 ties, and receive deposits of money iu trust or on
 interest.
 The Company add a bonus at stated periods to
 the insurance for tile, and oo the 20th of January
 last, an addition was mad to all the policies for life,
 remaining in feree and issued prior to January Ist,
 1842, amounting to 10 [&lt;er cent, oo the sum insured
 in policies issued in 1837; *1 per cent, on policies
 I issued in 1838, and in rateable proportions according
 to their respective dates.
 The chief object of an insurance for life is to pro
 vide a sum of money at the death of the party iosur- j
 ed, fur the benefit of a widow, children, friends or
 creditor*; and it will be seen on examination of the j
 table of rates of the life insurance, which will be
 furnished by the subscriber to all who amy feel aa
 interest in the subject, that by paying a (mail sum u&gt;
 the office every vear during his life, a person may *e
 cure to bis btaiij a vary considerable amount at hie
 decease.
 Wherever the system of Life Insurance is properly
 ■udentood, it is extensively adopted, and its great
 1 advantages to all, but more espociahy to those who
 depend on their own exertions for the support of their
 families, or who may be desirious to secure the pay
 ment of a sum of money to their friends, creditor* or
 children, at their decease, which they might be oth
 l erwise unable to accomplish, that the operation of the
 system needs but to be explained to ensure the sen
 erne nnusidrrmiue of the public.
 __ la several instance* it hex happened that the party
 i HMred has died shortly after having paid saly one
 or twu iasraknent* of the premium, a two his fcmik
 L received from this olfece the fell amount fisr
 I which hi had named. A
 tsßiui&amp;rsSz. l *ss&amp;
 agent of the Girard Ufe Insurance Cnmpaay.
 WILLIAM RAREWELL,
 Bakewefl’s Law Budding*,
 Gnat street, Pittsburgh.

 I WM H. TOPF, Mi wheat Tadsv.ftdt Broad

 4sur.ra.ll.uu.
i»RospECTrs
 iaerkii PlitHitgkftl Jiiml.
 o. s. rowuß, epitoh.
 TOniniad prfco wwlthand onrroe*. i
 X tb«M exalted of all work*. Yet, to do thi* w&lt;
 mm undentand iht Hma CbMitatM*. TV
 fYi i l«»gj. Phynotngy mad Vital Magnet*** f»
 brace. Md «nrt vxpuund aJI the Inr* «o m heme
 conditions it tanmn*, •«draoMiM« the pbilouo
 pbflt’l atom of I nirerud Troth.
 raKEJfOLOMT
 M "Omhtr wiH contain either the mmdysw «w
 Beatka of some phrenological fccoky, iMitwl bj
 Eafrariog, or *n amrml on their eooibinatiod*
 ud abo the urfMttitMma aad character of mote d
 tiogaishrd pei-ocwgr, accompanied by a likcnf**.
 rHTSIOLOST
 Health I* Lib, The great inwaarnt of talent rir
 tae and happiness, all of which k augments. To it*
 peraarvatioo and restoration, epeei*) attention ill be
 gira.
 magnetism.
 With practiai instruction, latere*ttog hms and
 chotee troth* abich it nofokis, »ill be presented in
 this Journal.
 YOUNG MEN.
 The blessing* they enjoy, the influence they can
 arield, and their preparation for conducting our insti
 tutions, will form the Uieaae of a series of article*.
 SELF-IMPROVEMENT.
 Who doe* not long oarnestly, and would not Strive
 assiduously, to cultivate his aatnral powers, and
 reader hinseh better and inora happy 1 To apefa,
 each nnniber will be a prompter and text-book.
 TERMS—inrariably in arfrance—ONE lIOLL*
 AR A YEAR.
 SAMPLE NUMBERS of this Journal will be
 •pot GRAI IS, when desired.
 To receive attention, latent and order* must be
 POST-PAID, and diiectod to
 FOWLER «t WELLS.
 iNa 131 Nassau Si.pNew York
WILLIAM B. LOGAN, Dealer in FaahknwbW
 Boots ami Shoes, 80, Purchase Sheet, New
 Bedford.
 W. B. L. keeps constantly on hand a good assort*
 mrnt, and will sell cheap lor cash. Strict attention
 paid to custom-made work, by Messrs. Parker and
 Davis
NORTHAMPTONJVATER CURE.
 Electricity and Hydropathy.
 THE public arc respectfully inhumed, that since
 the philosophical deductions of the learned I)r.
 Means, of Emory College, Ga., and the a scientific
 experiments of Mr. llcmmcr of England,* Imre
 recently and indubitably established the fact, that
 the conclusions at which the undersigned arrived by
 the sense of touch, in 1844, are in harmony with
 natural and physiological laws—to wit, that the
 human body, in a healthy condition, is in a posttnt
 eUctritnl stair, and that the electiical emanation;
 from the cuticular surface, indicate health, or the
 symptoms aad character of disease—tin re is some
 I reason to hope, that certain physicians, ignorant ol
 1 these principles or natural laws, a knowledge ol
 which is essential to the safe and intelligent practice
 of the healing art, will cease their Tociteiatiom
 against the positive electrical state of the
 human body, and will hesitate to disMtade those
 whom they have failed to relieve of tlieir complaints
 from seeking nature’s remedy at the North amp
 tow Water Cure. Thus sustained bv the ligh
 of science, the unelersigned may permuted Iter
 to repeat his experience, that, in all cases where tb
 wrist, stomach, or lungs, are in the electro-negativ
 condition, the patient is beyond the power of wate
 to afford relief. On the other hand, when tin- part
 of the body alluded to, are in tlie electro-positiv
 state, however disarranged, tliere is ground to itop
 for a cure.
 Had not the results of past years’ practir
 already convinced the public of the safety or tiutl
 fulness of the principles by which the undersigned
 governed, in detecting the symptoms and chararti
 of disease, and practising the cure, tlie recent scict
 tific demonstration of tlieir correctness, by Profess*
 Means and Mr. Hentmer, could not fail to convint
 the most incredulous.
 Gratefully appreciating the credit so generous
 awarded for his success as a Hydropathic Tract
 tioner, by a discerning public, and the gratitu*
 evinced by those w hom he has had the pleasure
 relieve of their complaints, tlie undersigned wi
 assiduously endeavor to sustain the credit, and met
 that gratitude, in the case of every invalid who rat
 afford him an opportunity to effect a cure, by It
 original and philosophical method of practice.
 The Northampton Water Cure is pleasantly siti
 ated near Bensouville, ou the west bank of Lick in
 Water, or Mill River, about two and a half milt
 from tiio centre of the town. It is convenient!
 arranged, with separate parlors, bathing and dresi
 ing-ruoms, for Ladies and Gentlemen, well venti
 ated and conveniently furnished lodging rooms, an
 a variety of Iwths, supplied with water, which, ft
 abundance, purity, and ndaptedness to water-cut
 purposes, is unsut passed by that of any other edi
 blishment in this country. The scenery in thi
 vicinity is picture sque and romantic ’There are
 variety of pleasant walks, sufficiently retired, I
 allow water-cure patients to appear as they shook
 plainly dressed, enjoying tlieir rambles witl.oi
 Wing exposed to public gaze or observation
 Among the complaints which are here successful!
 treated, are lieadache, tendency of blood to tlie hear
 cold extremities, general and nervous debility, bt .it
 cliitis, pulmonary affection, liver complaint, jam
 dice, acute or chronic inflammation of tlie bow-1*
 piles, dyspepsia, general debility, nervous anti spin
 affections, inflammatory arid chtonic rheunuiti-ir
 neuralgia, sciatica, lame limits, paralysis, fevers, ?a
 rheum, scrofulous and erysipelas humors.
 All patients who visit this establishment for
 course of treatment, should furnish tliemselvcs w it
 three comfortables, three woollen blankets, one c
 two linen and three cotton sheets, two pillow case*
 six or eight crash towels, some well worn linen, t
 cut for fomentations, an old cloak or mantle, an imi
 brella, and a pair of slippers.
 Terms for treatment and board are 85 50 t
 88 50 per week, payable weekly—washing extra
 A patient who from choice or the character cf hi
 complaint, occupies a room alone on the third I loot
 will pay 88 00 per week—on the first and secon
 floors,'BB 50 per week. Tatieuts requiring extr
 attention or fire in tlieir rooms, (except for swath
 ing purposes,) w ill furnish their own nurses and fuel
 or pay an extra |»rice.
 D. RUGGLEB.
 Northampton, Morch 1848.
 N'.B. Visitors to the Establishment, from th
 east, west, or south, can take tlie cars of tlie Conn
 River Railroad, at Springfield. Carriages wii
 always be in readiness at the Northampumdejior, v
 convey them hither.
 The human blood, in a normal and healthy con
 dition of the human system, is in a positive state
 which is constantly maintained by tlie activity of thi
 generating sources within—an excess generally pass
 ing off in silence from the cuticular surface, so rna
 out of 356 experiments made by Mr. Hemrnrr o
 England, upon tlie uncovered skin,” 322 mil/rate*
 the presence of positive electricity. This surplus .g.
 of tlie fluid upon the surface, we believe to lie irxlis
 peusable to the Itealtkful condition of the whok
 animal economy, aud that when, from anv came, i&lt;
 ee diminished or ceases, diseased action ensues.’
 Geoaddress, delivered before the Medical College o
 isSrgia, at the opening, of its annual session, Nuv
 8, 1847, by A. Means, A.M., M.D., ProfiWo
 Chemistry and Pharmacy, Professor of Thvsica
 Science m Emory College, Ga., page 25
ATHOL W.ITE R CTRE.
 T HE Subscriber beg. leave to call i)« attentio.
 A of Invalids, especially those suffering froa
 chronic disease, to ht» hydropathic ctaMisbraent ii
 Athol, Mass.
 liis house u a* opened fur the reception of patient,
 Inst season, and it is believed oilers excellent facili
 ties lor a.philosophic aad thorough course in hydro
 puthy. The supply of water i* al&gt;undaut, and fa
 purity ha# been pronoonr,d t-*jwal to water on
 dtstifled.” 1 he location is quite eligible, being In,,
 a short dirtance from the V. L M. &lt;aiiruud. Tie
 vicinity afehwdt in a variety of scenery, and iu,
 eharmmg grouods for walk* and rambles. Bo that
 witk the water, tunable regimen, mountain air, am
 evreur, patients can scarcely foil to obtain tin
 healthful result* Cor which they'labor.
 The following ease ittusuaw.* this remark. Mr*.
 8., wife of Dr*. 8., of Warwick, Ms**., mg-&gt;
 about thirtv-five years, was brougtit to me L.=
 August. Her case preseated the following phtim
 meita. If placed ta so erect position, and left
 .upponud, aha fenhw.th fell backward to t lm
 frutpuL If being well supported, .be made a,
 art eiUmr hoi, when earned forward
 to the contrary, would cross t&amp;
 other. She had beta in this condition nearly
 year. Her treatment commenced the lhth of Beet
 «ml was continued to the 23d&gt; Oct. only, when sb.
 raeuvurad as in he able to walk half i
 mile with ease. Stare her return to her family,
 has eoutmaed Imr baths, with corresponding a
 presume* to her hsahk. Bhs now attend. to he
 ae tlc duties, ami with the assistance «f a stun!
 g»H, do* tbs work of her family.
 dnsirad to faring three codfertaLfe*
 one pair of —rrlsu blank*., &lt;m emir a
 towels marked, with aid Umtm lot
 fi»t to tea duftnrv per wueh, netotd.
 tollto |Ja asesauatie* nr choke of dm ami**,
 Thoto. ar. fee. particular in dm mCfeT,
 rwmms, «r_gca wiling to aecupy tinu h
 with udMMfwift bn charged lata. «*«toto.
 Athni, March, IM. GEORGE HQYT.
FOVEBTY:
 ITS ILLEGAL CAUSES AMD LEGAL
 CUKE.
 »r lysampmi sroont*.
 The Albany Patriot eaHe it—-** A aeal pamphlet o
 ISP pages a verr ramoHtsMs prodnrtina.*_
 Whrther all th* anticipation* of Mr Spooner
 would be realised by the full adoMioa of hie theory,
 we fin not here stop to enquire; Vs* we heartifo eoas
 mttnd his t-ndeavrir to the nonce of all who lr.ee a
 transparent forcible diet too —iotreoid indepen fence
 or if in* I thnaght—and opgil* freedom from Uw cnat
 of red &lt;v fatty. As• Judicial writer,helm* a depth,
 a romp*.**, far hey. art any one a buae product***
 hate wet &lt;w eye in a long time.”
 Hpni’i Merchant's «jre—“ ft abandt
 ia bold and original thought*. The iUr gal canaes of
 poverty are «uifd, sad a uaanhrr of iaapurtaat prepo
 sitions bearing on the alyti bid down; and,oa the
 a hole, we rockier it a work well worth studying—
 afordirw a* it dura auny valuable hint* to the state*,
 mat) ami polities) etowKnut."
 The Bailor Gaarttr m»&gt;h—•“ An able and certain.
 K original wo A. from the pen of Lvsander Spooner,
 E«q.—author of that powt rful horjt which demon
 strate* the uocun*trfittton*t&gt;t\ of American Slavery.
 There is no writer nt the age. of logical acumen more
 searching than Sponer.,' This new work is des
 tined to lead to a re-exawiimtioia of all former *y*-
 terns of pclitit ai economy.” At first t&gt;lu*h his seo
 nomieal proposition* strike t» as sustainable—nnd if
 they are so, bis work will prevail, ard produce aa
 important revolution in lie present prevailing sys
 tem.
 Every one should read it.*’
 BELA MARSH, Publisher, Boston.
 Part 1. Price 25 Cents.
Han's If gflaiiu- LMiaci
 Is the only remedy thru tan I c retied on for the
 permanent cure of Spasmodic C.&gt;ntmc»ior», Irriu
 turn of the ’Verves, Nervous or Ni&lt;k Hear mbs
 l NV|rcm Tremors, Neuralgic Affection*. Cerwia
 I Debility, Deficiency of Nfivcms ami htsfoal Ener
 gy, and all Nervous Disorder*. iaeWiig the most
 r rear ful of all diseases that affect ti e human rare
 Fpilrpsy, or Falbirg Sukint.— Htsteiica) Fits
 Convulsions, Spasms, Ac It is weft known, that
 i turn time immemorial, Physicians have pronounced
 Fpileptir Kit* incurable, 'it ha* l&gt;aftfe&lt;i all tl ej r
 skill, ami the (roasted rower of all medicine, and
 I rorw-qunitly thousands have suffered through a mis
 et able existence, ami at last yielded ip thrir list son
 ih«' Altar of /ntcmtjr.—lhc proprirt/rof the Veget-
 I able Extract, however, feels no delicacy in saving
 j that it can le cuTCti. He would, ilierrlore, lespect
 fully invite physician.*, and all others wli© are inter
 ested, to examine tin testimony which is hr re offered.
 If it i* tleoep lion, let i lie exposed but if it is
 tree, then &gt;n the name of humanity, no longer let it
 be raid tiiat Epi!e| sy is iucurahlc.
 Htcrt's Vtfftallt Unmet. —For sixteen years,
 has been tested bv many peisous wlio have suffered
 with this dieadtiii dissave, and iiwverv cate where
 it lias had a lair uial, lias eficcted a permanent
 j cure.
 I L’ol. Dcnelmv of Yonkers, New York, slates that
 i his daughter Im* been afflicted with Fits for more
 t than nine years, and lias Iren cured bv the use of
 1 lire* Vegetal le Extract.
 Mr*. J. Bradey, 115 Orchard street, New York,
 i states that she has Ueu subject to Fits for many
 years, ami has bten restored to perfect health (after
 every other means had failed) bv the use of the
 oar table Extract.
 Dr. Charles A. Brown, of Dover, Russell co.,
 AL'.iMUBa, who in one of the tirst l'livaicitifis in thK
 State, says that be ha* I ecn much fx-nefitted bv the
 use ot the Vegetable Extract, and that he unhraitat-
 I mgly prescribes tt in every case of Epilepsy which
 comes under his knowledge.
 C’o'ti&lt;« Ci. Mmwbs-rry. Km;., f,„ mcrly I'ostmaster
 .at Lime Mills, tiawlonl l* a „W living in
 j Erie to., la., state that lor many vats past he
 has been sorely afflicted w illi Fits, anti he is now
 JfFPy that a urscverioc; use of 1 lr. Halt's
 j egetable Extract, has restored him to sound health
 »j being entirely tiecd from ;lat worst fall disease*.’
 Judge Kandali, N. 15« Heiwy street, New Yoik
 liavinii iiseii ti e Vegttiihfo Extract Mxcessiully ia
 I lls “‘li'.'vi "o* 1 ifiomitcnds it to nil persons *w|k&gt;
 are afflicted with Fits.
 &gt;l. Steplien E. Pratt, corner of Sixth Averue
 and rwemy-S,xth street, New Yoik, state* that
 Mr. Elias, 11. Bonghton, a member of bis family lias
 been so severely afflicted with Epileptic Fils for
 many years, that lie was obliged to relinquish bis
 business. Having used Dr. Halt’s Vegetable Ex
 tract (says Mr. Pratt,) lie was soon restored to
 perlect health, and left this citv for the State oi
 j Ohio to resume his business,
 j Rev. Mr. Smith, Rector of St. Peters Church,
 Spo »«ood, New Jersey, who has been afflicted
 with Epileptic hit* for more than forty years, states
 that he has used Dr. Hart’s Vegetable Extract, and
 his health has been so much improved that lie hope*
 by Divine blessing,^to liave no more Fits.
 Epittftic /rf*.—for twenn-seven years and six
 months, cured by die use of thin truly wonderful
 medicine.
 Read die following remaikable case of the son of
 Wm. Sccore, Esq, of l hilailelphia, afflicted with
 Epileptic I rts twenty-seven years and six month*.
 Alter travelling through Englaml, Scotland, Ger
 many and France, consuliing the most eminent
 physicians, and expending for medicine, medical
 treatment and advice three thousand dollars, returned
 w ith his sen to this countly in Novenil*er last, w ith
 out receiving any benefit whatever, and uas’cuied
 by using Hart's Vegetable l*met.-I iuue spent
 over three thousand ttollats for me. icineand meoiral
 attendance. 1 was advised to take a tour to Eu
 rope w i ill him which I did. I first visited England
 1 consulted the most eminent physicians there in
 respect to his case; they examined him and presen
 bed accordingly. I remained there tl.iec mo., h*
 without pierceiving any cliange for the betti r which
 cost me abotrt two hwidred and fifty dollars ikx|.
 eted by the physicians, and tlie most that I receive.!
 i was their opinion that inv son ca*. was horele*,.
 I POjmVELY INCURABLE. I j£Sfi
 fefttrglMd travelled through Scothmr), Gerrmuiy
 and France, «od returiaxl home m the nu ml. of
 November last, witb my eon as far f» on i Iwiig cured
 as when I lelt, 1 saw your advertisement in*, nc of
 die New oik papeis, and cwnduc'ed to trv Halt’s
 VgetaMe Extract, seeng your statements aid
 ceitificates ol so many cure s, non e of twenty a.d
 tinny years standing, ami I can assure you I am not
 •orry I did so, as by tlie use of Hart’s Vegetal le
 ucuTii u- ,e Mas re t ,r ,J PERFECT
 H V;V' V His whic h was so far gone as to
 unfit him for business is entirely restoied, with the
 prospect now before him of life, health sod useful
 ness. He is now 28 year* of age, and 27 yews 6
 month* of this lime has been afflicted with this
 most dreadful of disease*, hut thank God is now
 enjoying good health.
 Now, sir, faith without works I don’t believe
 in. To say I shall l/&gt; er.-r grateful to you is ooe
 tauvg, and a* I here enclose you one bundled dol are
 I aave no doubt bat you will think this another ami
 quite a *ut dung. The debt of gratitude I st.U
 owe yooq but pW‘j*e accept tills amount us luteiest
 on Uie debt in advance.
 Yours, very respectfully,
 (signed) W ILLIAM SECURE.
 TESTIMONY UPON TESTIMONY.
 In reference to the almost miraculous effleaev ot
 tins t, u |y womferfol medicine, read following
 feuer frena Dr. H. L. Monroe, of Guilford, Ohio,
 one of the most eminent phy.icnms in that place
 &lt;&gt;bio, August 17, 184fi.
 Lrmlrfr laborer in the cause of humanity-Dear
 sir: It is with no small degree of pleasure ihat I
 am enabled to announce to you the complete ir.um;Ji
 of y.jur mvaluable medicine in cases of Epilepsy. I
 haYe prftent«d it in futar ioittncpi in tiu« va ibi(y,
 and it las foil highly .ncCesshW in all. Thne u
 tin patients, I tiust, have been radically cured.
 ITie fourth ooe is nq.idly nnproving, and will, I
 think w ills sit doubt recover* I am uot in the
 of preseribing or recommending patent medicines,
 Imt when I see an article which promises so murt.
 for the relief of suffering huniainly, I fed »y duty
 to reroaituend it, and I have no fiesitatiin n Mv
 iag that as soon as the faculty are fully acquainted
 wnh the real merit of your medsemr, they will
 close their eyes against prejudice an-1 food you a
 beloii&gt;3 hand.
 I sul scribe myself yours, sincerely,
 [.Signed J \V. L. MONROE, M. D.
 To Ihr. s. Hart, New York.
 tlir. T| ME I* NUT r*R DISTANT
 W ben thousands who are now treabhJior uis'Vr
 the I-and of this dreudfol disease and fearing that
 every airnck may prove fetal, will find pn«i«ot
 relwf -ol be restored in new life, b, Uus
 celebrate# medicine. 3
 ii V r tR XE CERTIFICATES
 Beneficial
 Preyed by S. HART, M. t».. New Yotk.
 I?"*’ Package 00
 oo
 Do right packages 20 00
 f *®J Peeked up in hones for trnas*
 •mX send to any pun of the Laitnd
 THOMAS A MILS, Main streH, Cin
 nanMi, Ohio, General Agents for the Darted
 whom all ooeMaunicatioM must be ed*
 dreendl Port Paid.
 A. tt fc I*. Hmmu Corner of Fnhem awl W.ibamlfe
 New York.
 S' w i, nuhmm,
 E. Holhdge, 217 Main sheet Buffalo,
 H. If K. Gaylord, Agents for Chttkei Okie.
 Fay It KiUbourue, Cohonhus,
 J. G It G. II Hid, Detroit. Mid (an,
 W as. Cuuiiiughsm. Mthwaukie U w.
 I. R Rend, and Co., Chirnfu lit.
 Doct. T. Matos, Dulim|us tom.
 H. BWkafey, and Cm. St. Louts Mo.
 A«i fio Shis by moot ef thn pnacgM lAwtisSfe
 tkruaghnot ths C wised StatM.
 TiK&gt;ms»ait4s.m,Mw^ j
