[FRI.nCRK'K DOITtILAtW, t
 4. R. BELANV, l
VOL 11. NO. *2.
Flai* NORTH STAR i« p-bl.sbej r\w
 rtiday, at No. 9.1, Haltalo Slrerl,
 (O/tfnuit tKf Arr*Ar.
 TERMS.
 T &lt;l.tlUi&gt; |wr MURM, «/i»V&lt;
 rifNion »»ll he rrc. ivp-1 :i r,n l an
 «r»x m./Miix. I
 e*xce-**.lttix ie:i Itiw* uwertet
 three timex for »*w tlolUr: every »n«er
 tmti, Iwptm-five* re«rt..
 The ol*tert of the No «th Sr** will to attach
 Si.**r.*T in *ll it* L*mv* awl a-fiect*; ailtneate
 iMrKRvn EmanclPATM', exalt tie- statklar&lt;l
 of Pu tic Mo* *l.l TV, jjrwowite tlte moral »nii in-
 irllectti*l improvement tie* Cotonri) I‘toru;
 ami lu-ier. tie* ,lay of FREEDOM to tie* Tuto r
 Mill.tor* of o&gt;ir Rrtltvrn I ot
 tnmr.
 PUBLISHERS NOTICES.
 try 411 r« latin&lt; to lie* bunnm
 m ,ti„, of tie* paper, n»m~ of *ub*t nl*rft, n m««*
 tanees, thooM he a,l,lrex*e,l to John Hint,
 Ptiblieber.
 iCp* Agent*, an,! all oilier* neroling name*,, are
 e iuefted to lie accurate, and fi»e tie* P&lt;*i tffier,
 he County, and the tool*. Earb Subscriber u ini
 mctiaiely credited for money received.
 Ury Any perron «endinj&gt; in the payment f&lt;&gt;r loor
 •uW tiler*, to let forwarded to one addre**, may
 have a fifth copy for ore* year.
 {fy AH ami commnnicatioiis nnwt |»“-t
 paid.
 I.ISI OF A OF. NTS.
 Mas**c hijsi-.tt«.—U. F. Walcnit,2l, oruiiill.
 Boston; Natlsui Johnson, New Bedford; Horatio M .j
 Foster, l»weH; James N. Buttum, Eytm, teorge.
 Evans, Worcester Bourne Spooner, Plymouth
 Charle* 11. Seili, Springfietl Davi.l R"88
 N'irtliaiiiptoii; 11. Carpenter, I Pl,,n
 MaiSK. —Oliver Itennett, Portland. j
 Virmdst. —Rowland T. Robinson, North her-,
 “rossM Ttci'T.-Jonathan leonard, New Haven
 Nt.w HvwrsH.Rt .-Weare I appan, Bntdlord.
 Nr. tv Von K.— Sydney M. Oav, 112, Nassau
 Street; James .MrOune Smith, 93, W est Broadway
 Joseph Post, UVstbury, Uneeii County; Man liar- 1
 oer Alb inv Elias Dotv, Macednn \V illelts kcese,
 Peru, Clinton Countv William S. Baltimore, Trov;
 j y.’ Platt, Penn Van; J. Jeffrey, Geneva; E. L..
 Pint, Bath. _
 Khopk Isi.tND. —Amaranry Paine, I rovidence.
 I’rvvsvi.f Attt*. —J- M. M f K»ui,3l, North h ifth
 Street, Philadelphia; (i. VV. Gomes, 8, Exchange!
 Place,Ditto; B. Bown.Pittsljurgli; Wm. Whipper,
 Columbia; Isaac Roberts, Jacob 1,. Paxon, Norris
 town, Montgomery County, Milo A. Townsend,
 New Brighton. _
 Ohio.—Christian Donaldson, Cincinnati; vvat
 •wn and Gaines, Ditto; Valentine Nicholson, Hur
 veyßlNirgli, Warren Co.; Samuel Brooke, Salem.
 Michigan.—Rolicrt Banks, Detroit.
 Iniuana. —Joel r. Davis, Economy, Wayne Co
 jTollg of our (Abuctsaries.
 j
 Farm nigh Athens, Georgia,
 December, 1848.
 J. Dick and Fred. Douglas*:—l
 like not to inisdignify myself by writ
 ins to negroes, that I know my natural
 inferiors, and who may be incorrigibly i
 bent on insolence, aa if aaucineas were'
 the sign of freedom; still, to a well-be-j
 haved and humble negro, slave or tree,
 1 should regard it no lowering of dig-j
 nity to correspond with sometimes.
 Neither of you, by the paper called
 North Star, if you are both black men,
 appear to meet the character of*the col
 ored man to whom 1 would send a let
 ter. In my first letter, I should have
 said, 1 have no disposition to lower my
 dignity by writing to a rebellious, lur-;
 bulent, reckless negro, who possesses
 charms only for kindred white or black
 spirits at the North.
 I now resume the corresp mdence, in
 order to admonish you of the total ir
 relevancy to your race of behaving in
 the manner you do towards the South-;
 ern slaveholder and the Northern white
 man It is always comprehended among
 us that the negroes are a peppery, irri
 table and proud andTlbdurate people,
 who, when they have chance, would he
 sure to prove always irksome and often
 intolerable to European society. 1
 have seen them wantonly sneer at
 their white owners and others in the
 "Southern country. I have evidence
 they continually insult the white people
 at the North. It seems to be fated you,
 or to be impossible for you to act with
 that becoming propriety which should
 evince a worthy, and an intelligent and
 pious people. Hence, many at the
 North wish you in Liberia, and many
 more slaveholders at the South wish the
 slaves colonized away in their patrimo
 nial dominions. All these is the result
 more of your character and conduct,
 than of color only.
 For evidence that you act improperly
 and unintelligently, let me call your at
 tention to two instances. (I write you
 again to make these corrections.) In
 publishing my first letter to Douglass,
 you said you “would not insult the
 common sense of your readers, by at
 tempting toansw’er it;’’and that it “shot
 wide of the mark,” and was not argu
 mentary. How did you know it was
 not full of arguments' Could your ob
 tuse faculties and dim perceptions never
 grasp hold of what is obvious to all
 white men of mind, that you (even if
 attempting the work) could not contro
 vert my points? Ah, Frederick, you
 have not yet been put where powerful
 arguments were unyieldingly in con
 tention; you have not had yet, in any
 master mind, an opponent who would
 contest with &gt;ou every inch of ground,
 and leave you finally subdued. You
 have only been on a ga/a in England,
 where silly abolitionists were but too.
 ready to give unto all your Sinbad
 (Arabian Night* marvellous tales of
 horrors in tin* Southern prison-house;
 and are in Rochester among dear friends
 who are more intent, white as their
 skins are, to use you, if possible, to
 mortify the slaveholder, than to do you
 any good proprui persona. Meantime,
 you and your ebon crew form the most
 violent and pernicious part of the einan
 cipatists.
 In that letter, did you see no argu
 ment in my representing the inferiority
 and superiority of the two races re
 spectively, and the necessity of the re
 lation now existing between them Did
 you, whilst Dick sneered at the de
 crees,” called me a “Calvinist,” and
 disparage pious aoula,” not be aw are
 that he «raa then deriding holy writ,”
THE NORTH STAR.
and blaspheming the apint, as you
 father Ham dtd when £he rebelke*
 against Noah, Ibr dooming him, am
 drove that ancestor upon}he*stepp&lt;*s of
 Asia? Did I not tell you that yot
 would accredit nothing Bible, am
 white may say, in the favor of th
 blessed part of the humanjamily ?—j
 blessing you can no more depreciate
 disparage, controvert, or sap, or mine,
 than you can take the mastery of tin
 w hiteman. No; in any struggle, youi
 race would succumb—havefever done
 so—suppliant in all regions of the world
 except Haiti, where sixteen negro
 slaves stood against one white man,
 with the aid of the British. But pitch
 any five white rntn against any ten oi
 fifteen negroes, and give fair play, and
 as usual the latter will serve the former.
 Can the Decrees’ of God, then, be
 sneered at, and I, only a Calvanist, for
 asserting them: Does not the Omnip
 otent know why and wherefore He did
 so constitute the human family.' And
 if He made of one blood all the na
 tions that dwell on the earth,” has He
 not “appointed the bounds of their
 habitations”? Is not African slavery,
 therefore, a violation of the terms ol
 that appointment? Yes, it is so. The
 negro cannot find himself in his own
 habitation or element, ’till he is upon
 the soil of Africa, and then if his own
 color does not enslave him, he is fret
 indeed. \Ve cannot go there and en
 slave your people and live. God has
 separated the colors as clearly as any
 fact in nature can be proved by philos
 ophy and observation.
 The other instance is, your attempt
 to underestimate Mr. Webster at Lynn,
 Massachusetts. It is equally an error
 as your attempt not to see the argu
 ments of my first letter. Mr. Webster
 has always been the friend of your race,
 and never was in favor of slavery; hut
 he cannot, like Garrison, endeavor to
 destroy the Constitution of his country,
 in any effort to liberate the
 for aside from the had taste and impro
 priety of thus violating his official oath,
 to serve the Constitution next 1o his
 God, the inexpediency of such a course
 is the more glaring. Any violent effort
 to free the slaves in this land, would be
 a civil war, and perhaps rivet their
 chains the more strongly. You and
 Garrison may not care about this, and
 would attempt to do il, and risk all in
 one prodigious ruin! Where, then, is
 your fixed principle? Mr. Webster’s
 fixed moral, and political, and religious
 principle, disallow his venturing ou so
 foolhardy and m»ar»« an &lt;*vp*rhwrnt.—
 He therefore, though he does not like a
 slaveholder, argued and voted for
 Taylor, in preference to Cass, and Van i
 Buren, and Gerril Smith, for reasons ol i
 state, and to rescue the country from,
 in his opinion, the political spoilers.—
 His reasons, therefore, are obvious and
 principled, though you did not evidently
 see them.
 I would advise you as a friend to go
 to Liberia, and to urge your free col
 ored brethren to this course. In the
 long run, stopping in America can do
 the aolored race no good; and the
 heart-burnings you experience among
 your white friends would always keep
 you under excitement. Strive to have
 a good, mild, amiable heart; annd
 knowing your place, act as one con
 scious that God's (Christ’s) decree is
 forever for the best, and after awhile,
 your race s captivity, like Job’s,”
 he turned, und they may form agagi, as
 of old. a Republic, and a better one, in
 Africa. J. J. FLOURNOY.
Selections.
ADDRKSS OF THE PEACE CON
 GRESS,
 To TH K CiOV 1 RNMENTS OF F.l T ROPE AM&gt;
 A M J IU A
 In llie month of September last, a
 Congress was held in the city of Brus
 sels, whose great object was to pro
 mote and secure permanent peace
 among the civilized nations of the
 earth, by finding, if possible, an effi
 cient substitute for the bloody, uncer
 tain and costly arbitrament of war.—
 The Congress was composed of numer
 ous individuals, speaking various lan
 guages, living under diverse forms of
 Government, and entertaining different
 political opinions and religious convic
 tions, but drawn together by a common
 sentiment of humanity, and an ardent
 desire to promote the welfare of man
 kind, by removing the causes and in
 centives to war.
 The eminent position which you oc
 cupy in the councils of the nations of
 Europe and America, induces the
 Congress, of which we are the repre
 sentatives, to submit to your serious
 consideration, the great and important
 questions which formed the subject of
 their deliberations; and respectfully,
 yet earnestly, to invite your attention
 to the conclusions at which they arrived.
 They will be found embodied in the
 following resolutions.
 Ist. That, in the judgment of this
 Congress, an appeal to arms for the
 purpose of deciding disputes among
 nations, is a custom condemned alike
 by religion, reason, justice, humanity,
 and the best interests of the people;
 and that, therefore, it considers it to be
 the duty of the emitted world to adopt
 measures calculated to effect its entire
 abolition.
 2d. Thai it is of the highest import
 ance to urge on the several Govern
 ments of Europe and America, the ne
 cessity of introducing a clause into aH
 international treaties, providing for the
 settlement of all disputes by arbitration,
 in an amicable manner, and according
 to the rules of justice and equity—spe
 cial arbitrators, or a supreme interna
 tional court, to be ineesled with power
 to decide in caeee of necessity, as a last
 resort.
RIGHT 18 OF No SEX—TRUTH IS OF NO COLOR—GOD IS THK FATHER OF US ALL, AND ALL WE ARE BRETHREN
3d. That the speedy convocation of a
 Cong res* of N ations, composed of duly
 appointed representative*, for the pur
 pose of framing a well-digested and
 authoritative international Code, is ol
 the greatest importance,
 the organizat* on of such a body, and
 the unanimous adoption of such a code,
 would be an effectual mean* of promot
 ing universal peace.
 4th. That this Congress respectfully
 calls the attention of civilized Govern
 ments to the necessity of a general and
 simultaneons disarmament, as a meant
 whereby they may greatly diminish the
 financial burdens which press upon
 them; remove a fertile cause of irrita
 tion and inquietude; inspire mutual
 confidence; and promote the inter
 change of good offices, which, while
 they advance the interests of each state
 in particular, contribute largely to the
 maintenance of general peace, and tc
 the lasting prosperity of nations.
 These substitutes for war adopted by
 the Congress, require no arguments tc
 enforce them, for it is evident that il
 they be adopted and applied, that terri
 ble scoilrge of humanity will, cease to
 afflict and degrade the nations.
 Few, if any, of the wars which, for
 centuries past, have desolated the earth,
 can be justified on the ground of equity,
 utility, or necessity'; nor can any one
 of them be cited whose fearful results
 are not loudly condemned by the voice
 of Humanity and Religion. The war
 spirit of past generations has loaded
 most, if not all civilized nations, with
 enormous debts, paralyzed their indus
 try, interrupted their commerce, re
 tarded the progress of science, litera
 ture and art, and created a spirit ol
 jealousy and animosity among the na
 tions whicii long years of peace have
 not been able completely to subdue.
 Europe, at this moment, presents.the
 melancholy spectacle of an armed
 peace.” Her mighty legions are ready
 to take the field; and it is feared, that
 under these melancholy circumstances,
 a single spark from the torch of wai
 may wrap the world in flames. May
 God avert so terrible a catastrophe!
 The great questions of Peace and
 War are confided to the hands of those
 to whom the government of the nations
 has bean entrusted. Their responsi
 bility is as great as their power; and
 while the Congress would earnestly
 pray that “the God of Peace” may
 deign to preside over their councils, it
 would implore them, in the name of the
 dearest interests of humanity, civiliza
 tion and religion, promptly to tba
 most effective measures for preventing
 a return of the horrors of war, and for
 securing to all nations the blessings ot
 a solid and lasting peace.
 The substitution of arbitration for
 war, w'ould be an immense step towards
 the object; the principle, and the means
 of giving it effect, might be embodied
 in special treaties, but tl\e progress of
 sound political opinion leads still far
 ther. The convening of a Congress,
 composed of the most enlightened and
 eminent men of all countries, for the
 purpose of framing an international
 code, which shall place the relations
 between the different nations on a solid
 and intelligent basis; and the institu
 tion of a High Court of Nations, Ibr
 the adjudication of questions in accord
 ance with the great and comprehensive
 principles of such a code, woul Qjn?*
 only remove the causes ce
 ment a noble and between
 both governments and people. _
 In anticipation of so great a result,
 it is desirable that the necessity ot a
 general and simultaneous disarmament
 should take place, as such an act,
 without compromising the dignity or
 impairing the strength of governments,
 would, he the surest guarantee for the
 i preservation of general peace, aud the
 advancement ot public prosperity.
 The Congress is fully aware that the
 i force of circumstances, the progress of
 modern industry and commerce, the
 i greater facility and frequency of com
 munication between the nations, the
 diffusion of knowledge, and the more
 elevated sentiments of humanity and
 religion, all tend to prevent the recur
 rence of war; but it is not less assured
 that it remains with the governments of
 the civilized world to put an end to that
 fatal and sanguinary custom, tiy adopt
 ing those wise and necessary measures
 which shall lead to so happy a result.'
 In submitting to statesmen the recom
 mendation embodied in the resolutions,
 the Congress entertains a just and legi
 timate confidence that they will not be
 disregarded; and that the governments
 of Europe and America, animated by
 an ardent and sincere desire to promote
 the welfare of the great commonwealth
 of nations, will determine, as in the
 performance of a sacred duty, to give
 them a practical application, and thus
 aid in securing the peace of the world.
 Auguste Visschees, Belgium,
 President.
 William Ewart, England,
 Elihu Bcrritt, U. States,
 FRAMCtsqcE Bouvet, France,
 M. SuaiNGAR, Holland,
 Vice-Presidents.

 EXTRACT!
 i Ftom the Minuit* of the Proceeding aof the
 Annual Matting of Friends, held at Green
 Plmn dark county, Ohio.
 i At the Annual Meeting of Friends,
 held at Green Plain, in the State ol
 Ohio, by adjournment from the ol
 the 10th month to the 29th of the same
 inclusive, 1848, held in conformity with
 the recommendation, of Green Plain
 Quarterly Meeting, by persons from
 parte of Ohio and Indiana.
 Frederick Hoover end Ruth Dug
 dale were appointed Clerks.
 After an interesting exchange of sen
 timent, the following minute, setting
 forth the character of our effnketion,
 was adopted with cerfial unanimny:
ROCHESTER, N. Y., FRIDAY, JANUARY o; 1549.
Believing the religious sentiment is
 deeply laid in man’s nature, that it is
 essential to his true interest to bow in
 allegiance to the divine laws of God
 written in our being, and that in the
 worship intelligently performed by ra
 tional creature*, man should never con
 cede to any combination or order of
 men, his individual freedom—but re
 cognizing the Infinite Source and cen
 ter of all inind, as Sovereign Lord—
 we now associate in the capacity of an
 annual meeting that shall be advisory
 in its character, and designed to aid in
 more effectually carrying forward the
 testimonies of the Gospel, which legiti
 mately result from a communication
 with the Source of all Good, and iu
 their nature and essence are designed
 to make man the friend of man, and
 give direction to the noble faculties
 with which w’e are endowed.
 The meetings constituting this body
 will be considered of the congrega
 tional order, and in all cases regarded
 as possessing the right to make tlieir
 own local arrangements.
 Reports were then read from Goshen
 and Green Plain, and the representa
 tives all present but one; no written re
 port from Indiana.
 Several communications were read
 acceptably, and Richard Wright, Fred
 erick Hoover, Joseph A. Dugdalc,
 Horton Brown, Hannah Howell, Sarah
 MicMner, and Ascha Williams are ap
 pointed to produce essays of corre
 spondence to a future sitting of this
 meeting.
 Then adjourned until 11 next day.
 Near the time adjourned to, the
 meeting again assembled.
 The committee on correspondence
 produced the following essays of me
 pmorial, which were approved and di
 rected to be signed by the clerk, and
 forwarded to their several places of des
 tination, to wit:
 To the Senate and House of Repre
 sentatives of the State of Ohio:—This
 meeting is impressed with the convic
 tion that the statute W'hich makes dis
 tinction between man and man, op ac
 count of color, commonly called the
 Black Laws of Ohio, are opposed to
 th,e great principle of natural justice,
 and in their tendency exert a detri
 mental influence in community. We
 therefore very respectfully memorialize
 your body to repeal them.
 To the Senate and House of Repre
 sentatives in Congress assembled:—
 We are religiously impressed with a
 sense of the terrible outrage upon the
 wi+em nd, mmm. hr thn
 institution of slavery in our beloved
 country,and believing an awful respon
 sibility rests upon the American people
 for its perpetuity, we are induced to me
 morialize for its immediate abolition in
 the District of Columbia, and also the
 internal State slavetrade.
 To the Senate and House of Repre
 sentatives of the State of Ohio:—The
 subject of punishing crime, by taking
 the life of the wretched criminal, being
 introduced into thi9 meeting, w*e are s
 constrained, in earnest solicitude, to 1
 call the attention of the Legislature to
 examine with seriousness this moment
 ous subject, and see whether ihe pro
 gress in civilization and the spirit of
 the age does not demand the abroga
 tion ofthj* IpattrsOTne and demoralizing
 and substitute therefor
 such regulations as shall be instru
 mental in more effectually checking vio
 lence in the land, and reforming those
 who have unhappily lived in violation of
 those law’s w hich were designed to I
 make man the friend of man throughout
 the world.
 After the reading of the foregoing
 memorials, the meeting became im
 pressed with the propriety of issuing
 an address to the public, and appointed
 1 Thomas Pennock, Thomas Sw ayne,Ed
 ward Hoover, Jonathan Huddleston,
 Huldah Kester, Ruth Dugdale, alen
 tine Nicholson. Cata Allen, Achsa
 Williams, and Asa Brook, for that pur
 pose.
 Epistle. —lt must be apparent to
 every reflecting mind, that we live in
 an eventful period of time, and thrice
 5 happy are they w ho so improve it a 9 to
 tell for good on the race of man. This
 effort introduces us into high commun
 ion with the Infinite Mind who 19 the
 j centre and sun of the moral universe.
 All systems of Government which
 tend to destroy individual freedom of
 thought and opinion, based upon the
 vital laws, necessarily stand in the way j
 of the glorious Gospel, and murt be
 superseded by new dispensations, as
 the code of blood instituted by Moses
 (who, nevertheless, in his day, ad-i
 vanced beyond the Pagan race about i
 I him) was eclipsed by the hallowed min
 istration of the beloved Son of (*&lt;&gt;d, or
 whom it is declared, He was a man*
 approved of God by signs, and won
 ders, and mighty works, which God did
 by him. 1
 All the rights which belong to our
 common nature, would be as
 conceded to woman as to man; both
 sons and daughters would prophecy,
 ud b* mutually helper, in the goepel.
 The crushing r
 benumbs th* intellect, and 9 *nds the
 very irons of its horrible muttllation
 into the eonle of iu .it|ni«hed rictime,
 would not be tolerated for t tingle hour.
 The glad eenod of freedom would echo
 from tho owrlaetieg h.lb, and oor be
 loewd country beperX^f™*
 lioat carte. Neither ould the newgiur 1
 iog chieftain from the .making battle
 field, be lifted into the high placet of
 power end lauded by the profeeeeddte-
 Ciple. of the Prince of Peace. Wee.
 with iu untold celeaMtioe. the wade of
 the woonded and expmo*
 ■Joani
f _
 Tl«rf lit relations which'wp trew*
 designed to vustain by the right mct*
 ci» of our physical, mrntal and Moral
 natures, that at present are only begin
 ning to be understood, while precious
 time is devoted in perpetuating a mysti
 cal theology that has no practical bear
 ing, but rather tends to debase and mai
 the work of God. In acquiring a
 knowledge of science, an attainment
 very laudable in itself, we fear an ac
 quaintance with ourselves is sorrow
 fully neglected; and hence the chaotic
 state of our social and spiritual rela
 tions. Beloved friends, with earnest
 solicitude let us summon ourselves be
 fore the court of couscience, and ex
 amine how far we are instrumental, by
 the cultivation of improper dispositions,
 the wTeng direction of faculties in
 themselves good, of infusing into our
 religious associations a spirit which
 lays waste the simple equality of broth
 erhood, like the princes of the Gen
 tiles, who exercised authority,
 against which poisonous influence Jesus
 cautioned the little band, as though he
 saw with annointed vision the havoc
 distinction and caste would make with
 his flocks, and how this departure from
 the democracy of Christianity would
 endorse systems of violence, w hich rest
 on the basis of antagonism to the rights
 of man.
 The weapons of the Christian are
 peace, the most pow erful arguments are
 love, and we believe if the world-is re
 strained in its transgressions, and re
 deemed from its fearful delusions, these
 will be found to he omnipotent instru
 mentalities.
 How impressively true is the beauti
 ful sentiment of Channing: “The voice
 of God in every mind, is to be listened
 to above all other guides and Lords;
 there is a sovereign within us, clothed
 with more ample power than any out
 ward being; and he alone is worthy the
 name of man who gives himself up sol
 emnly, deliberately to obey this internal
 guide through peril and death; this is
 the seminal principle of virtuous free
 dom, and the very foundation of morals
 and religion.” This the lesson to be
 taught alike in Republics and Despot
 isms, and yet it has but just dawned
 upon the world. Its full application re
 mains to be developed; they who have
 been baptised by a true experience into
 this vital and all-comprehending truth,
 must everywhere be its propagators,
 and he who makes one convert to it
 near a despot's throne, has broken one
 link of that despot’s chain. “It in fit
 ihu dißorinr “‘-h t a, in t Ttf idT
 sentiment, that we place our hope of
 freedom.” The unanimity which has
 characterized our deliberations has
 been truly cheering, and resulted in
 memorializing our State Legislature for
 the abolition of the gallows and the
 Black Laws of Ohio and Indiana, and
 the American Congress on the subject
 of Slavery. Our sympathies have been
 deeply enlisted in behalf of all those
 who are groaning under the heavy
 burden of austere church authority, re
 quiring assent and obedience to compli
 cated disciplines and mysterious creeds,
 every w F ay revolting to the rational con
 clusion of the enlightened mind. And
 also with those w’ho are standing alone
 in lonely places, mourning over the ap
 parent failure of the religious organi
 zations in furnishing health, strength,
 and encouragement to their members in
 searching after wisdom and knowl
 edge.
 May w e take the spoiling of our rep
 utation joyfully, and regard the anath
 emas of those establishments, claiming
 to be Christian Churches, who are the
 strong bulwarks of oppression in the
 land, and infidel to the government of
 God as nothing and vanity. Thanks
 giving and high praises to our Heav
 enly head, the pure in heart in seasons
 of divine favor, ride in the chariot of
 love, and attain a life where dragons
 have no power, and happy are they
 who find it. Finally, dear friends,
 farewell.
 Signed by direction and on behalf of
 the meeting.
 1 Clerk..
 Ruth Ducdale,
 James Frame is appointed Treas
 urer.
 Samuel C. Howell, Thomas Pennock,
 Abram Allen, John Dugdaie, Mary
 Ann Haywood and Rebecca Jane
 Waddle, appointed to assist the clerks
 in revising, recording and printing 500
 copies of the minutes of this meeting,
 and call on- the treasurer for the ex
 pense.
 From the !f. V, Irihw.
 ABOLITION OP SLAVETBADINC IN
 TIIE DIKTBICT of COLUMBIA.
 House or Rem., Dec. 21, 1848.
 The call of the States for Resolu
 tions being in order, Mr. Gott, of New
 York, offered the following Besola
 tion, and moved the Previous Question
 thereon:
 Whereas, the trUßc in human be
 ings, as chattels, now prosecuted within
 the metropolis of the Republic, is con
 trary to natural justice, to the funda
 mental principle of our political system,
 and is a notorious reproach to our
 country throughout Christendom, and
 a serious hindrance to the progress of
 Republican Liberty among the nations
 of the earth; Therefore,
 Resolved, The* the Committee on the
 District of Columbia be instructed to
 bring in, as soon as practicable, a
 bill prohibiting the Siavetrade in the
 District of Columbia.
 The Previous Question being sec
 onded, sod the Mam Question ordered
 by the House, e motion was mads that
 ibe Resolution do Its on tbs tahls, os
 which the Ysas and Nays wars ordtrsd
 and follows:
 Beale, Badinger, locesb, BeMsjEr4
 Bey den, Bridges, W. G. Brown, C.
Brown, A. G, Brown, Buckner, Burt
 Chapman, Chase, F. Cliri, B. L
 Clark, W. R. W. Cobb, Cocke, Cris
 field, Croaier, Daniel Donnell, G
 Duncan, Duns, /l.Evans, Fea herstcn
 Ficklin, Flournoy, French, Fulton
 Gaines, Gentry, Goggin, Gr a en,-W
 P. Hall, Haralson, Harroanson Harris
 I Hill, G. SyHouston, J. W. Hcustcn
 I C. J. Ingersoil, J R. Ingersoil, Iver
 I son, Jamieson, A. Johnson, G. W
 Jones, J. \V. Jones, Konnon, La Seie
 Levin, Ligon, Lincoln, Lumpkin, Me
 Dowell, McLane, Miller, Morehead
 Morse, Outlaw, Peyton, Pillabury
 Preston, Sawyer, Sheppard, Simpson
 Stanton, Stephens, Thibodeaux, Ihoir.
 as, R. \V. Thompson, Tooinhs, Toirp
 kins, Venable, Wallace, Wiley, Wil
 liams, WoodwarthJk-S^.
 Nays —Messrs. Belcher, Bingham,
 Biackmar, Blanchard, Brady, Butler,
 Canhy, Collamer, Conger, Cranston.
 Crowell, Cummins, Darling, Dickey,
 Dickinson, Dixon, D. Duncan, Ed
 wards, Embree, Nathan Evaos, Faran,
 Farrelly, Fisher, Fries, Giddiogs.Gott,
 Greeley, N. K. Hall, J. G Hampton,
 Henley, Henry, E. B. Holmes, Hub
 bard, Hudson, Hunt, J. H. Johnson,
 Kellogg, D. P. King, Lalrni, W. T,
 Lawrence, S. Lawrence, Leffler, Lord,
 Lynde, Mcllvane, H. Mann, Marsh,
 Marvin, Morris, Newell, Nicoll, Pal
 frey, Peaslee, Peck, Petit, Pollock,
 Putnam, Reynolds, Richey, Robinson,
 J. Rockwell, J. A. Rockwell, Rose
 Root, Rumscy, St. John, Sylvester,
 Slingerland, Smart, Starkweather, C
 E. Stuart, Strohm, Strong, Talmadge,
 James Thompson, W. Thompson,
 i Thurston, Tuck, Van Dyke, Vinton,
 j Warren, Wentworth. White, Wilmot.
 Wilson—Bs.
 So it was .not laid on the table.
 The question then recurred on the
 passage of the Resolution, and the
 Main Question having been order, d by
 the House, and the Yeas and Nays de
 manded, the Resolution passed by the
 j following vote:
 Yeas —Messrs. Abbott, Ashmun,
 Belcher, Bingham, Blackmar, Blanch
 ard, Butler, Canby, Cathcait, Colla
 mer, Conger, Cranston, Crowell, Cum
 mins, Darling, Dickey, jjfcjckinson,
 Dixon, D. Duncan, Edwards, Embree,
 N. Evans, Farad, Farrelly, Fishef,
 Freely, Flies, Giddings, Gott, Greeley,
 Gregory, Grinnell, Hale, N. R. Hall,
 J. G. Hampton, JM. Hampton, Henley,
 Henrv, E. B. Holmes, Hubbard, Hud
 son, Hunt, J. R. Ingersoil, Irvin, J.H.
 Johnson, Kellogg, D. P. King, Lahm,
 I W r r. Irnm'* g.
 Icr, Lord, Lynde, McClelland, Mcll-
 I vane, J. Mann, H. Mann, Marsh, Mar
 vin, Morris, Mullin, Newell, Nicholl,
 Palfrey, Peaslev, Peck, Pettit, Pollock,
 Putnam, Reynolds, Richey, Robinson,
 Rockhill, J. Rockwell, J. A. Rockwell,
 Rose, Root, Rumsey, St. John, Sher
 rill, Silvester, Singerland, R. Smith,
 Starkweather, C. E. Stuart, Strohm,
 Talmadgo, James Thompson, William
 Thompson, Thurston, Tuck, Turner,
 Van Dyke, Vinton, Warren, Went
 worth, White, Wilson—9B.
 Nays —Messrs. Adams, Barringer,
 Beal, Bedinger, Bocock, Butts, Bowlin,
 Boyd, Boydon, Bridges, W. G. Brown,
 C. Brown, A. G. Brown, Buckner,
 Burt, Chapman, Chase, F. Clark, B.L.
 Clarke, H. Cobb, W. R W. Cobb,
 Cocke, Crisfield, Crosier, Daniel,Don
 nell, A. Dunn, Evans, Featherston,
 Ficklin, Flournoy, FrAch, Fulton,
 Gaines, Gentry, Goggin, Green, W.
 P. Hall, Hammons, Haralson, Har
 manson, Harris, Hill, G. S. Houston,
 J. W. Houston, Inge, C. J. Ingersoil,
 Iverson, Jamieson, A. Johnson, G. W.
 Jones, A. W. Jones, Kennon, T. B
 King, La Sere, Ligon, Lincoln, Lump
 kin, McClernand, McDowell, McLane,
 Meade, Miller, Morehead, Morse, Out
 law, Pendleton, Peyton, Pillshury,
 Preston, Sawyer, Sheppard, Simpson,
 Smart, Stantou, Stephens Strong. Thi
 bodeaux, Thomas, R. W. Thompson,
 Tprnpkins, Toombs, Venable, Wallace,
 Wiley, Williams, Woodward—B7.
 Absent— Messrs. Atkinson, Barrow,
 Bayly, Bowdou, Brady, Brodhead, Ca
 bell, Clapp, Clingman, Collins, Dger,
 Duncan, Eckert, Edsall, Gayle, Has
 kell, Hilliard, Holmes, Jenkins, R. W.
 Johnson, Kaufman, Levin, Maclay,
 McKay, Murphy, Nelson, Nes, Petrie,
 Phelps, Rhett, Richardson, Roman,
 Scbenck, C.'B. Smith, F. Smith, Stew
 art, Strong, Taylor, Jacob, Thompson,
 J. B. Thompson, H. A. Thompson,
 Wick, Wilmot, Woodward—4s.
 Mr. Greeley, in a letter to his paper,
 gives the following account of the pas
 sage of the resolution:
 —The scene in the House was of
 course one of deep excitement, but
 there was very little blaster and no in
 decorum. On one or two divisions, the
 leading ultra slavery men commenced
 by declining to vote, bat they generally
 bad their names called again, and an
 swered before the decision was an
 nounced. Mr. Gott had taken the pre
 caution to move the Previous Question
 when be introduced hie Raaolutioo, and
 this being sustained by the House, no
 debate upon it waa in order, aod of
 course it could not be thrown over by
 offering to debate it. An attempt was
 made to have a call of the House, but
 decided not in order, since the previous
 Question bad been ordered. But Mr.
 Haralson, of Ga., moved that it do lie
 on the table, and on this motion the
 yeas and nays were ordered and taken,
 and it wdl lost. A cry now arose,
 ‘Let the Southern members withdraw! 1
 b«t I saw non* of them bead it. Tb«
 oast step being to order the main ques
 tion to be pet, the yeas and nays wars
 (very uaueunlly and absurdly; called oc
 this; bet mane of the alavery united
 with the anti -slavery men in the a®nna
 tire, and it prevailed by a large vote.
 Nov came the gneeboo, Shall the
 Hanoi Util peat?” and the yean and
 nays wort demanded from all sidae with
Joif.N I&gt;ICK. Fuimmj i
WHOLE N 0.—64.
entire unanimity. The prevalent M
 ]Qp evinced was one of deep earionn
 ness and earnest resolution l tbiak
 the House is not often ao still during
 tna call of yeae and nays. The fact
 that no similar proposition had e\er
 prevailed, rendered it acparently an
 even c&amp;ance that this would be defeated
 until! very near the close of the call
 Several members who did not answer
 her called in their order, asked to be
 called at the close, and one or two
 i changed their voles. [All wbo were
 within the bar when their names were
 originally called, are entitled to vote at
 anv time before the result ia an
 nounced The result was announced
 by the the Speaker, breaking a breath
 less silence. Mr. Holmes, or S. C., tke
 j Taylor and the House
 i having been a Federalist of the school
 'of ’9B, a Jackson man of *9B, a Nul
 lifier of 39, for Polk and Dallas in *44,
 end now for Taylor and Butler,) who
 usually leads the advanced guard of
 Slavery, but who had not been in hid*
 seat till now', rose and cried out, ‘Let
 the Southern Members retire!* but I
 believe he alone retired. It is true,
 however, that many wero deeply ex
 cited, and that some were grieved, to
 whom I would not willingly give pain
 Some wonld have had less objection to
 the Resolution without the preamble;
 I others considered that the batter part
 of the whole. At all events, ‘What ia
 writ is writ.”
 T,;o dec *&gt;ion having bean an
 nounced, Mr. Stuart of Michigan
 j moved its reconsideration, and under
 took to make a speech thereon, but was
 stopped by the Speaker—the motion
 not being debatable at this time, as only
 resolutions that no one rises to debate
 can be considered the day they' are
 offered. Mr. Cobb of Georgia, took
 an appeal from the decision of the
 Chair, but one hundred and sixteen
 Members rose in support of the deci
 sion, and the appeal was given up. And
 then the call of the States for Resolu
 tions was proceeded with until nearly
 3 o’clock, when a motion to adjourn
 prevailed. I presurqe tha debate on
 reconsideration, which may coma up
 to-rnorrow, will then have free course;
 Private Bills being ordered to stand
 aside for That purpose.
 —Such is the fitting tloae in Con
 gress of the 298th year »*ince the Land
 ing of the Pilgrims on the Rack ol Ply
 mouth. 1 could have wished that U
 occurred on Forefather's Day; but per
 haps it is better as it ia. The Sons of
 timPilgri— ihrmighnsSthe Union, ao
 they assemble to-morrow to celebrate
 j their father’s landing on these shores,
 may greet each other on tho decision
 to-day H.G.
 From tl e Expreit.
 Mr. Calhoun of course, at such a
 moment as this, is ripe for any mis
 chief. I saw him fiarca in counsel in
 the Senate Chamber after tha adjourn
 ment, his port erect, his arms exten
 ded, his eyes blazing fire, and hia
 whole bearing reminding one of tha pic
 ture, where—
 Satan exalted tat, by merit raised
 To that bad eminence.”
 The Molochs, Beliefs, Beelzebubs,
 which act with him, either for open war
 “arm’d with hell-flames and fury,” or
 the like companion
 1 wlioee tongue
 Drop! manna, and could make the wont appear
 The better reason, to pet plea and uaafa
 Matuiest counael.”
 These 'men can do immensa mischief
 by their ability,experience and the con
 fidence reposed in them, but tha Union
 is too strongly fixed in tha affections of
 the People, to be much disturbed by
 the treasonable purpose of even one of
 the ablest inen ir the country.
 A Battle Field. —Mr. Allison gives
 the following description of the appear
 ance of the ground on which the famous
 battle of Eylau was fought on tha morn
 ing after the battle:—
 Never was a spectacle so dreadfti! as
 the fieM of battle presented on tha fol
 lowing morning. Above fifty thousand
 men lay in the spade of two leagues
 weltering in blood. The wounds ware,
 for the most part of tha severest kind,
 from the extraordinary quantity of can
 non balls w hich had been discharged
 during the action, and the close prox
 imity of the contending masses to the
 deadly barriers which spread grape at
 half musket *hot through their ranks.
 Though stretched on the cold snow sod
 exposed to the severity of the srctic win
 ter, they were burning with thirst, and
 piteous cries were heard on all sides
 for water, or assistance to extricate the
 wounded men from beneath the heape
 of slain, or loads of horses by which
 they were crushed. 'Six thousand of
 these noble animats encumbered the
 field, or maddened with pain were
 shrieking aloud amidst tha stifled groans
 of the wounded. Subdued by to# lots
 of blood, tented by cold, exhausted by
 hunger, the foe men lay aide by aids
 amidst the general wreck. The Cos
 sack was to be seen beside tha Italian;
 tbs gay vine dresser from the smiling
 banks of the Garonne, lay athwart the
 stern peasant from tha plaios of tha Uk
 raine. Tha extremity of suffering ex
 tinguished alike the fiercest and the
 moat generous passions. After his
 usual custom, Napoleon, In the after*
 noon rode through the -dreadful 6rl Z:
 accompanied by his generals sod stew,
 while the still burnfeg p* l of Scrpallen
 end Saussgraten aral volumes of black
 •moke over the »crns of death, but tha
 men exhibited
 Knuxafl: O© cries o* w ivt a^pwne
 p o jy with the cries of suffering or tho
 firoens of *°e»
 The venerable Archbishop Lotehtoo
 was wont to M I
 aeons hoeeat maa to tho Ml orthodox
 knave ua tho world.**
