Notices.
Western New York AntteKiavery Mortety.
 The Executive (Committee will* meet on
 Tuesday evening next, Jan. 9, at the Anti-
 Slavery Office, 25, Buffalo Street.
 Attendance is requested at half past 7:
 o’clock precisely.
 W. C. NELL, Hec Sec i
 j
 American Slavery.
 A aeries of Lecture* on this subject, will
 be delivered by FamcatcK Dm.Gi.ts*, in
 Mtnerva /fa//, on the evenings of six conse
 cutive Sundays. The first Lecture on Sun
 day evening next, Jan. 7th, commencing at
 7 o’clock.
 An rvsxixo with thk Posts and Atr
 thom. —An Eitentionary Exhibition will be
 given on Monday evening. Jan. 9|h, atjrviog
 Hall, by an amateur class of young men.—
 The exercises to commence at half past 7
 o'clock, and are to be blended with a choice
 of vocal and instrumental music, by
 Holmes A Bailey’s Band.
 PcTcaaoßO, December 22. Ift4ft.
 LkwixTappaN, A&gt;t r-York,
 My ok a a Sis, 1 find that not a few are
 displeased with the letter, winch I addressed
 to you Treasurer of the American Mission
 ary Association. 1 refer to the letter, in
 which 1 signify, that for the officers of a re
 ligious body to vote tor anti-abolitionists, and
 anti-land-reformers, and others, whose senti
 ments and characters unfit them to administer
 righteous Civil Government, is to furnish a
 sufficient ground for the witlidrawment of pat
 ronage fiotn such body.
 Perhaps, I cannot spend an hour or two
 more properly than in an attempt to justify
 that letter.
 Our world is in rebellion against its Maker.
 It is of course, as unhappy, as it is unright
 eous. But, there is a remedy for this sin and
 rum. That remedy is Christianity —and the
 friends of (Jod and man are bent upon apply
 ing it. How shall it be applied most success
 fully 1 By being applied wholly, instead of
 partially. It is true, that a measure of good
 may result from its partial application. But,
 it is only by its thorough application, that the
 world can be brought hack to (rod and to hap
 piness
 There is nothing, which the chtistianiiy of
 the Bible more pointedly and fully condemns
 than oppression and hv notiiing, so much as
 by oppression, is her progress obstructed.
 Hence, they, who even tolerate oppression—
 and, much more, they who uphold and prac
 tice it—are, if indeed, they can Is* said to lie
 applying Christianity at all to the sins and suf
 ferings of the world, applying it very imper
 fectly,
 A people, who have been oppressed for
 ages, are dwarfed and imbecile in intellect, and
 abject and crushed in spirit. Now, if it lie
 too much to say, that such a people are inac
 cessible to chrstianity, it is at least, not so to
 say, that they are very unlikely to become
 her subjects. Are we told that multitudes of
 such became Christians, under the ministry of
 the celebrated Missionary Schwartz 1 If they
 did—and this is somewhat doubtful—they
 were nevertheless, incapable of teaching and
 perpetuating Christianity, for already the
 scene of Schwartz’s labors is as if these labors
 had never been performed. Is there, how
 ever the least probability, that Schwartz
 preached a whole gospel lie enjoyed the
 confidence of the oppressive government: and
 this he could not have done, had he preached
 against its oppressions. Indeed, the Rajahs
 complimented him for not interfering with the
 Government.
 Lei it not be understood as saying, that
 Christianity can do nothing for a long oppres
 sed people. They are not beyond its reach.
 It can act upon them directly —though on
 account of the unfavorable circumstances, and
 infantile capacity, and half ruined manhood,
 to but a very limited extent. It can act migh
 tily for them, by influencing the oppressors to
 deliver the oppressed.
 I have referred to the intellectual feebleness
 of the oppressed of India. Mere children
 and, that too, by reason of their oppressions—
 are the oppressed of the Sandwich Islands
 also, who, until recently, had none, and who
 have, now, but a few of the rights of pro-
 Csrty. Were the Missionaries upon these
 lands to withdraw from them, not enough
 vigoi would remain among their converts to
 to retain a hold upon Christianity—much less
 to propagate it among the shrivelled victims
 of oppression.
 There are the oppressed Irish, and the
 Southern slaves also. But little could Chris
 tianity do for them, except through the con
 victions it might produce in their oppressors.
 A Christianity for the oppresed, which is at
 peace with the oppressor, is worse than no
 Christianity. Not such a Christianity was that
 which the lamented Raymond carried to Af
 rica.
 I do not say, that all forms of oppression
 constitute an equal barrier to the progress of
 Christianity. The oppressed, who are re
 duced to chatlelhood, and those, who, left to
 own themselves, are, nevertheless, denied the
 rights of property, are, it must be admitted,
 less likely to lie brought umder the saving in
 structions of Christianity, than those who are
 Simply poor. And yet where the masses are
 poor, it is hardly too much, to take up ihe
 words of the poet, “Poverty's unconquer
 able bar”, and repeat them in the Taco of the
 power even of Christianity herself The rich
 cannot be the disciples of Christianity. No
 man, who regards himself as rich—as the
 owner of riches, which have come into ins
 stewardship—is in the way to Heaven. And
 though I cannot say, that none of the poor
 are “rich in faith and heirs of the kingdom,”
 yet I can say, that if Christianity he not in her
 lement, when among the rich neither is she
 when among the poor. Her author has
 adapted her to achieve her triumphs among
 those, whose condition was prayed for by
 Agur—whose lot in life lies between the ex
 tremes of poverty and riches. That Chris
 tianity is unadapted both to a state of riches
 and a state of poverty is manifest from the
 fact, that her principles, not to say her pre
 cepts, forbid both richefi and poverty. The
 universality of Christian love would, of itself,
 suffice to prevent either. And, w hat is more,
 the nation in winch this truth is unacknowl
 edged and unlelt for by her disciples, cannot,
 whilst suen remains the tact, lie christianized.
 I admit, that even in such a nation, Chris
 tianity may* here and there, and temporarily,
 accomplish something. But the masses, if at
 all affected by her power, w ill be only slight
 ly and temporarily so.

 1 said, in the beginning of this letter, that
 Christianity, in order to be most successful
 against the unrighteousness and wretchedness
 of this world, must he thoroughly applied to
 u&gt; them. What wonder, then, that she
 should have made ao small an impression up
 on them, seeing that, with scarce an excep
 tion, she has never been brought to hear upon
 the chief ports of them

 No higher duty is Christianity under than
 ui array itaelf against the so called Civil Gov
 eminent* It must overturn them, ere it will
 lie rid of its greatest enemy and obstacle .and
 ere it can bless and save the world Bui.
 alas, bow few are the cbnstian*, who believe
 ibis’ Kveo those, who are at the bead of
 Missionary Bodies, and who are conducting
 enterprises for the evangehxaUoo o! the hea
 then, scatcely suspect the want ol harmony
 between Christianity and these spurious Civil
 Governments;—and, still leas, uo they sus
 pect, that these Government* and Christianity
 are in deadly opposition to each other. It
 ndght well be supposed, that the officers of tbs
 American Missionary A association are an l
exception to this remark, Mate that Associa
 tion was organised by Liberty’Party men
 and, that too, at a time, when rt was, not vet,
 discovered, that to vote for anti-aboliUomsts
 i* i* accordance with liberty Party doctrine*.
 But, that the officers of this Association differ
 but little, in thi* respect ftpm the officers of
 other Mismortsnr Associations. is manifest
 from the fact, that, at the late Election, ail of
 tlaem, witla, probably no other exceptions,
 than Samel It. aid, I&lt;ewis Tappan. and
 Professor W hippie, were in favor of electing
 to the Presidency the gentleman, who finds
 for consolation, instead of repentance,
 in that unequalled devotion to Die slave pow
 er, which gained for him the unenviable (lain?
 of the Northern man with Southern princi
 ples. It fa btfieted, that some of the offic
 ers of the American Missionary Association
 were in favor of electing to the chief magis
 tracy of this State the gentleman, who, a
 few weeks before, had. in (Congress, not only
 voted against the abolition of slaverjr in thf
 District of C olumbia, but had made an elabor
 are speech to show, that the African rare is a
 doomed race; and that of course he and we
 should be religiously careful not to do, or say,
 aught, which might tend to arrest the speed
 of this doom. Oh, how unlike are the Van
 Burens and JJixes, as well as tlie Taylors
 and Casses, to the Heaven-approved magis
 trates to the good King Josiah, whe
 “judged the cause of the poor and needy
 and to that beautiful pattern of a ruler. Job.
 who was a father to tlie poor,” and how
 delivered the poor, that cried, and tht
 fatherless and him, that had none to help
 I him”; —and who, let it also be rememliered.
 brake tlie jaws of the wicked, and plucked
 the spoil out of his teeth God gave Civil
 Government for the purpose of protecting
 those especially, who most need protection—
 those, who are too poor, and ignorant, and
 weak, and helpless, to protect themselves.
 But, alas, how do they pervert it from its
 metciful and Heaven-intended uses, who set
 1 up for the rulers of lln-se poor, and ignorant,
 and weak, and helpless ones, such, as despise
 and devour them As well put sheep under
 the protection of wolves
 May God hasten the time, w hen Christians
 shall use Christianity in subverting those in
 fernal conspiracies against the poor and op
 pressed, which impudently assume the name
 of Civil Government, and in setting up upon
 ihPir ruins true and righteous, and hlesssed,
 and glorious Civil Governments! When
 Christianity shall lx- so used, there will l»e,
 comparatively,• few infidels. She will then,
 commend herself to the conscience of the
 world, as the religion of truth—the religion
 of Heaven. But. what wonder, that, whilst
 her prolessors, aud even such of them, as ate
 ensamples, pul Civil Government into the
 hands of the cruellest enemb* of the poor—
 into the hands of those, who disdain to eat
 with the poor, and to sit by their side in the
 House of Worship, and to suffer their child
 i ren to go to the same school, that the children
 of the poor go to; and who, in short, use
 Civil Government to rob, and outrage, and
 crush the poor —what wonder, Isay, that,
 whilst this continues, the world should have
 but little reverence for Christianity, and but
 little faith in its truth
 j The doctrine that Christianity will work
 flier way through the world, in spite of what
 ever untoward circumstances are made to
 surround men, and that she will penetrate all
 hearts with her convincing and converting
 power—even those hearts which are most
 anxious and absorbed with the concern, where
 to find shelter, clothing, and food and that
 she will butfl through all barriers, which the
 deep and degrading poverty of the masses
 throws across her path—and do it, too, even
 whilst hei disciples are busy fortifying those
 barriers —this delusive and ruinous doctrine
 must be exploded, ere the world will embrace
 Christianity. The Christian who, with one
 1 hand, is sending Bibles and missionaries over
 the earth, and, with the other, is putting the
 enemies, aud despisers, and robbers of the
 poor into ptacen of ci-rirl power, is Doing ftu
 1 more to hinder than advauce the progress ol
 Christianity—far more to retard than liaster
 the salvation of the world.
 i I readily admit, that Christians are cal let
 I on to lie charitable, and to distribute theii
 surplus goods among the needy. But theii
 higher calling is to be just. Let them insisi
 i, that justice shall be done to their fellow-men
 and especially that they shall have the pro
 tection of righteous civil government; ant
 1 there will soon be such an approach to equal
 ity in the possessions of men, and in theii
 i circumstances generally, as shall leave com
 i paratively little occasion for giving food to tlu
 hungry and clothes to the naked.
 Let American Christianity not only cease
 from her opposition to and contempt of Biblt
 i politics, but identify herself with them, an&lt;3
 i on the Sabbath and fipm the pulpit, and in
 (j season and out of season, preacli them and
 j insist that he that ruleth over men must b«
 1 just,” and that it is a high crime against God
 and man to choose any other than just per
 sons for rulers. American Christianity
 1 also insist that he who would biing under the
 definition, obligation, and sacredness of law,
 1 enactments which, instead of being lor the
 protection are openly and confessedly for the
 destruction of human rights, is capable ol
 legalization and that he who would admit
 j that men may be lawfully plundered of theii
 God-given shares of Uie soil, and thus bf
 denied Ja standing-place upon the earth and
 that lie who would not acknowledge the duty
 of carrying out ill all just directions, the doe
 li ine of tlie equal rights of all men —let hei
 j insist that such delinquents, instead of being
 allowed a place among the rulers and protec
 tors of men, are to be classed with the op
 pressors and murderers of inen —let Ameri
 can Christianity, 1 say, make such a stand
 and she will soon prove, hy .her triumphs in
 this and other lands, that she has become tht
 true Christianity.
 1 cannot close this teller without saying
 how gTeatly 1 have been disappointed in the
 missionary association of w hich you ye Trea
 surer. I was Chairman of the Committer
 which called ihe Convention that organized
 the Association. It was, then, distinctly un
 i: dei stood on all hands, that whatever else the
 1 tlie Association might or might not be, it
 would always be an abolition Association. 1
 I felt sure that we had at last a Missionary
 Association which would preach abolition
 politics to my own country and to other
 i countries. But, alas, it is, even so soon, in
 effect, an anti-abolitjpii association Even
 so soon, its veiy officers—nearly all of them,
 from its President downwards—are in favoi
 j of electing to the highest civil trusts men
 I who are the avowed opponents of abolition,
 and the bitterest enemies of the slave.
 What will the American Missionary Asso
 ciation do' Will it have the magnanimity to
 retrace its steps, and again became an aboli
 j lion Association! Will it, henceforth, a*
 quick consent to have a slaveholder for one
 of its officers, as a person who will vote for an
 anti-abolitiunist 1 Will it, in a word, identify
 itself with righteous Civil Government, and
 go for the enslaved, and the landless; and
 whithersoever such Government demands it
 shall go* Will this be its course* Then
 will it be an inexpressibly rich blessing to the
 world. But if this shall out be its course,
 then w ill it be as im|&gt;otent for good as are the
 other missionary associations of the world.
 Thai is a missionary a.v* station which re
 fuses to lake ihe side of righteous civil gov
 ernment. and to labor to rid the world of the
 i fait** and saiaiuc notions of civil government
 winch prevail alimmi universally, is unworthy
 of patronage, i* to my mind, the plainest of
 all plain pro{*N&gt;iUou*. And just here it is that
 I I iah to utter a u ord of complaint
 I Yourself- a word, hy the way. which »no
 less applicable to Professor Whipple I now
 know that your vole at the laU election was in
 part, and 1 now hope that it was throughout
 j for the friends of righteous mil government,
 i But why did you leave the public to inter the
 contrary, and infer it withal so confidently
 There are occasions when it is not soongh to
 be on the Lord’s side; hot when also, Joshna-
 I like, we must proclaim that we are on that
 I side Bach an occasion there was at the Ime
 I
•faction but yon did am improve tt Yea,
 at striae when, “Who non it* Lords ade*”
 raog so loudly in his earn, even Ijpww
 I Tappan, that rhareeteriat rally decided, nof-
 I spoken man, and brave reformer, did not kt
 l the world know on which side be was. Should
 be not then forgive me for my fear, (it waoi
 but a fear,) that good, be Wived. noble man as
 1 be is, be was left to fall to the devil’a aide.
 With great record, v«or friend and brother,
 GKRRJT SMITH-
THE NORTH STAR.
RIX.IIK.S I ER, JANUARY 5, IMS.
Aaaaal Meeting of the Western N. Y,
 Aithßamy Society.
 Owing to the state of the weather, (which
 waa but a succession of snow-storms daring
 the trine of holding it,) and the indifferenceo&lt;
 the people, this meeting was hot thinly at
 tended. Very few friends from the country
 came in, aud, almost, as tew from the city.
 Judging from the numbers in attendance al
 that meeting, slavery might well console itsell
 with the prospect that abolition will soon be
 numbered with the ihings that were. Not
 so, however, when tt is viewed in the light ol
 its proceedings. They were fully up to th«
 mark—small in numbers, yet large in prince
 pies and spirit. The highest ground, lh&lt;
 most unpopular, and, in our judgment. th«
 most impregnable position, was almost unani
 mously assumed by the Society. The doc
 j trine of &gt;Vo Union with Slaveholders," sc
 far as that doctrine relates to the churches ol
 the country, met with a cordial and unani
 mous support, and that relating to the State
 was adopted against a few dissenting voices.
 The speaking on the occasion was for the
 most part of a leas formal, and some would
 sav of a less dignified character than is usual
 to such meetings, partaking largely of thf
 peculiarities of what ate termed in New Eng
 land Free Meetings.*’ We think this was
 upon the whole a pleasing feature of tht
 meeting, although at times it presented rathei
 a ludicrous aspect to the mere cold and indif
 lerent observer. So free were our friends,
 I that they wished to have the resolutions of the
 society voted up or down by the public at
 large, without any reference to their view*
 and sentiments on tlie subject of slavery, and
 to have the voice of such a meeting regarded
 as the voice of the Western New York Anti-
 Slavery Society. Absurd and unjust as was
 this position, strange to say, it was warmly
 1 defended by some of the best friends of the
 I Anti-Slavery cause in this region. One whole
 precious morning was spent in discussing thii
 singular question, very much to the regret,
 and we ntay add, disgust of those who hold tc
 the right of a society to speak its own views,
 i without the interference of any. To appre-
 I ciate the absurdity of admitting everybody to
 vote on the resolutions presented for the con
 sideration of ihe Society, we have only to
 suppose the introduction of a resolution een
 i suring those who voted for General Taylor,
 when the audience is mostly made up of Taj’-
 lor Whigs. No resolution could of course bf
 I adopted. They could lay it on the table,
 vote for its indefinite postponement, and si
 i lence all discussion upon it, and do so con
 -1 ■iafptrtly with mmJktm aai ike tanw tiw
 meeting. It may be said that a decent re
 spect for the persons who called the meeting
 would prevent opponents of our views fron
 taking advantage of the proposed liberality o
 allowing them to vote. Tlie answer to thai
 is, The liberality that will allow men only K
 vote with us when at agreement oui
 views, is scarcely entitled to the name. Thf
 I right to vote on the proceedings of the meet
 ings, implies the right to condemn or approvt
 any resolution or measure brought foiward bj
 the meeting; and if it meant anything in this
 i! it meant that their approval or disapprova
 i would be respected as the will of the meeting
 In so plain a case, it would seem impossible
 i that men should err, or need arguments t(
 lead them to the truth but such is not the
 case. There were those in the meeting whe
 1 insisted on the right of all to vote in oui
 meeting to the last, and denounced us as seek
 ing to enslave the public, because we were ir
 favor of having the voting of the Society don&lt;
 j by the Society, and not by the public. For s
 time, out Society possessed all the syroptonu
 j of that disease which proved fatal to the exist
 ence of the New Hampshire Anti-Slaverj
 Society, and we were fi’arful that its fate
 would be similar to the fate of that society.—
 After much discussion, reason prevailed, and
 tlie Society was saved from dissolution by
 adopting a resolution admitting all persons to
 express their opinions on the proceedings, bin
 that members of the Society alone should
 vote. It is however to be regretted that one
 member of the Society, Mr. Henry Bush,
 should not acquiesce in this sensible arrange
 ij ment, hut evidently sought to embarrass and
 hinder its happy operation when questions
 j were submitted to the action of the Society.
 We are glad to add thai but little sympathy
 1 was shown with him by the audience, and
 that the Society almost unanimously stood fin
 the complete integrity of our Anti-Slavery
 organization. We have no doubt that thu
 question is completely settled, and that the so
 eiety will tor the” future be conducted with
 I that order which shall inspire tlie respect and
 secure the confidence of those who would
 j make a combined effort for regenerating the
 1 public mind oo the subject of slavery. We
 regard the Society to be io a much more hope
 ful condition than at auy former time, and we
 have no doubt that it will grow in strength
 and usefuloeae. The great error of this So
 ciety, and we may say of our societies gener
 ally, has been the laxity of its organization.
 The lines between us and the j no-slavery
 community have not been drawn with duffi
 j cieot distinctness, and too little importance
 has been attached to keeping our organization
 period. We are scattered and disjointed,
 and have been almost without a tangible form.
 We believe if ever tbeie was a time when
 anti-atevery organizations were mated, it t*
 j now. The interest manifested in the question
 of slavery generally, so far from being a
 son for relaxing oar organizations, a reason
 for continuing them in all their exaetaem.
 This general interest w but a result of the
 efforts of the early Anti-Slavery Societies,
 and can only be sustained by the very efforts
 that brought it into existence.
 We hope daring the praneel year to see
 many Anti-Slavery Societies formed, pee
 seaatag all Ufa apint and energy of nor early
 organizations. White theta is a dayman inn to
tical machinery, and ihere is danger thai i
 large share of the aati-sterevy ■■othnsatol
 ihe North io to he aabjert to the Irtaimole o
 apolitical pnrtr, it ii meefaad right that a«
 who know the value of a bold and full after
 aaee of troth on the sohjedof alavery, ahouk
 he adrire io maintaining oot own well-trkk
 instrumentalities for promoting a high ami
 heaity anti-alarery sentiment.
 Our readers hare already seen the names ol
 the speakm; and will observe that our friend,
 and the friend of mao, Rev. S. J. May, wai
 oot among the number. To the deep regret
 of all, his duties at home prevented bis at
 tendance. His presence and counsel at the
 meeting would have added greyly nl,T
 est of the occasion, and strengthened •the
 bands of the few faithful laborers in thia re
 gion. The preoeoee of our valued friend, A.
 H. Francis, of Buffalo, was gratefo! to the
 feelings of the friends of the slave, and ser
 viceable to the cause. Among those whose
 speeches served to awaken a deep interest in
 the meeting, J. C. Hathaway was foremost.
 His speeches on Saturday afternoon and Sun
 day morning were moot powerful efforts, well
 calculated to rouse the bear la of all to a
 deeper interest in the cause, and a more de
 termined and faithful application of theii
 powers to the removal of slavery from the
 world. We deeply grieved that such speeches
 could he poured forth upon comparatively
 empty benches in Rochester. It told a sad
 tale for the moral character of the people,
 that such a meeting could be held, and so few
 of its inhabitants should attend it.—r. d.
 The Pioueer and Herald of Freedom.
 Do have patience with us, Mr. Biadburn.
 We shall probably be able see all your nice
 distinctions after a while. Forgive us, we
 beseech ymi, for our stupidity this time, and
 we will try to have a clearer vision hereafter.
 Don't be in such furious haste in compelling
 us to take our place with knaves or fools
 Let us remain pupils a short time longer, ami
 it may be that we shall greatly improve uiidet
 your tuition. Let ~us tell you that we admit
 the correctness of vour alleged distinction ol
 the potential and the actual,” and have
 gained hy your explanation, though we are
 sorry to have put you to the painful neces
 sity" of making it. But may wtf ask who
 would think of abolishing anything merely
 because it is potentially bad l —that is, pos
 sessed the power to do evil We put it to
 Mi. Bradburn's candor, if he thinks that Mr.
 Ingalls meant nothing more in his argument
 at Providence, than to show that land monop
 oly, had the power to do evil. We under
 stood him to take the ground distinctly, that
 land monopoly is not only potentially worse
 than chattel slavery, but actually so and re
 member distinctly of his pointing out certain
 mitigating circumstances in chattel slavery,
 such as the interest which masters may be
 supposed to feel in keeping their slaves well
 fed, to keep up and enhance their value;
 while the rich capitalist was represented as
 having no interest in the laborer, and would
 permit him to starve and die without food.
 With respect to the charge, that we mis
 repiesented the speech of Mr. Bradburn on
 the Constitution of the United States, we will
 five Him tbe benefit of a repablicattan ef *bc
 heads of that speech in the Providence meet
 ing, as taken down by the Secretary of the
 meeting—who, by the way, holds the same
 views on the Constitution as Mr. Bradbuix
 himself. In that speech, the first position
 is, that natural justice is only law, and nothing
 else can be and we may again add that thii
 view ran through the whole argument. The
 ground, too, was distinctly taken, that sla
 very being opposed to natural justice, we are
 bound to put an anti-slavery construction upon
 those clauses of the Constitution supposed to
 refer to slavery. But here is the speech, and
 our readers can judge as well as ourselves how
 far we have misrepresented Mr. Bradburn.—
 F. D.
 Geo. Bradburn.—l. Natural justice only
 law—nothing else can be. 2. The applica
 tion of certain legal rule of interpretation,
 would make the Constitution an anti-slavery
 instrument, viz 1. Seek its meaning trom
 its own words. 2. When susceptible of two
 meanings, that must be given which will fa
 vor honesty. 3. Deny that slavery ever was
 legalized—could not be legalized under the
 charters, for they contained clauses prohibiting
 slavery. It is a mistake to suppose that
 Massachusetts abolished slavery by tlie adop
 tion of the Constitution; it was abolished by
 the Judiciary. The Constitution finished the
 work perhaps. 2. There is nothing in the
 State Constitution establishing or legalizing
 slavery. 4. The instrument itself. Art. 4,
 Sec. 2. Not a word in it about slavery
 must go out of it. This conflicts with the
 rule. Held to service,” &amp;c. This is a
 legal holding apprentice are 'thus held
 No statute requiring service of a slave. Ser
 vice is not a characteristic of slavery.
 Under the laws thereof. Everything
 called a statute not a law; must be according
 to the Constitution. In the other terms, sla
 very is not clearly meant. Benj. Franklin
 did not so understand it, nor Patiick Henry.
 Art. 1, Sec. If this were read by one who
 is a stranger to the the country,
 would he suppose that one-sixth of the peo
 ple were held as slav**? No! Frederick
 Douglass himself will not admit it. “Other
 persons” may refer to many other classes than
 slaves, foreigners, Ac. The word free” is
 not a correlative of slave.” It denotes per
 sona endowed with certain political privileges,
 as was the custom in Rhode Island a few
 years since. We are not to give it ibis con
 struction, if an lion est one can be found in all
 creation. Art. 1, See. 8, Importa
 tion” applied only to slaves. Authority
 against tin* interpretation, see Dan. Webster.
 Refers toimpo nation of foreigners, (Spoooer.)
 Choate and other lawyers might be quoted to
 the same effect. If it refers to slaves, it
 makes the country form a conspiracy against
 the rights of foreign freemen. There are
 clauses that conflict with the right of Coo
 gre« to defend or support slavery. Constria
 tioo guaranties to each State a republican form
 ol government. Thia cannot be done and ala
 very continued.
 J. J. Floi rnoy.—TbisCalvinieUe kidnapper
 and evangelical woroan-flogger, a bo, during
 our absence in the East, undertook to reply to
 the tetter we wrote to our old master, baa
 sem us another letter, which may be found
 under its appropriate head—“ The Folly of
 our Adrenones" in thia number of tire
 North Star. He m evidently desirous of no
 toriety, aad will obtain it at any eont. Were
 be in England, he weald probably shoot at the
 Queetri or perform some like exploit, for ao
 other reason than the love of notoriety. He
 be* gone the rounds of the anti-slavery pa
 per*; and though oot diapoaait to "mudtgntfy
 by writing to aegroaa, Ac., he
 wtda aa another tetter, evidently inland ed for
 PttUteatMa,aad an provoke a controversy in
 the cotaans of the North Star. Wotettbua
 hit HI, that we-do not desire him to
l musJigntfy" himself by semtteg es any
 web btto»—the guM is sot worth *he
 (He. Negroes though we are, we csenot ad
 rail like mond or nir—l superiority of this
 Mr. Flournoy over ns, if hie present letter be
 i a fan sample of h» qualityr. o.
 nnitiipiia.
 Our Aati-Slavery friends and coadjutors in
 Philadelphia seem to bare had an exdeflent
 protracted meeting during the holding of
 their annual Bazaar in aid of the eanse.—
 From the proceedings, as published in the last
 number of the Pennsylvania Freeman, we
 learn that an earnest debate took place with
 respect to the Free Soil party, ia which Lu
 cretia Mott, H. C. Wright, d. C. Burleigh,
 Charles L. Kemend, Robert Purvis, Mary
 Grew, JR. M. Davis, and Dr. Bins partici
 pated. In this discussion, friend Remood de
 fined his present position, both with respect to
 the Free Soil party and bis old anti-slavery
 1 friends, as follows. What does itjnean*
 C. L. Rtrnond tiwught there was danger
 of our exacting more than men can per
 form. We cannot expect the people to abol
 ish the government, however w'e may theorize
 about it.
 1 know of no man who thoroughly carries
 out the simplest anti-slavery principles, much
 I less the most radical. We are told that the
 Ftee Soil party carries a lie on its face. It is
 I doing anti-slavery work and if it does not
 j profess to aim to abolish slavery, I had rather
 see a party which performs without profes
 sion, than one which professes without per
 forming. The colored people lack confidence
 iin the anti-slavery society, because they see
 |so much more profession than practice. If
 the Free Soil party will give them their
 rights, they will not ask under what name it
 lis done. 1 have never voted but twice, and
 onCe was for the Free Soil State ticket at the
 last election, in Massachusetts.
 “My confidence in the system of the no
 voters is lessening and I bid God-speed to
 any party which will abolish slavery. If it
 cannot be done in 11. C. Wright's way, then
 let it be done in Martin Van Buren’s
 way. lam out of patience with theories
 which ve can never carry into practice,
 ami welcome any means that will abolish sla
 very.”
 Remond was replied toby several speakers,
 1 and among others, that excellent woman and
 devoted abolitionist, Mary Grew. We scarce
 need say that we think her views of the rela
 j tions of the colored people to the anti-slavery
 cause the correct one. Her reply is as fol-
 I lows:
 Mary Grew said that many of the colored
 people do sympathize and co-operate with the
 Anti-Slavery Society, and so far as they do
 not, it is for the same reasons that white men
 do not—because they love their ease, their
 sect, or their money, better than the cause ot
 the slave.”
 The debate was continued by Dr. Bias.—
 j His remarks are not reported, but he was
 understood to insinuate that the abolitionists,
 with all their professions, were not so superior
 to the rest of the community in their treat
 ment of the people of color as might be
 imagined.
 The Doctor w as replied to by Robert Purvis,
 who
 Thought the accusations and insinuations
 made against the abolitionists for their course
 toward the people of color were neither just
 nor kind, however they nfcight be intended.—
 The abolitionists had been the fast friends oi
 the colored people from the beginning. In
 our darkest hour of trial, when hunted by the
 mob, Md ftmkra By the civil authorities,
 and through all our persecutions, we have
 ever found them true to us. Men who have
 risked reputation, property, and life even, in
 our cause, have given too good proof of friend
 ship for insinuations or unsustained charges to
 disprove it. Such accusations should not be
 made without proofs.”
 We shall deeply regret to see the day
 when the oppressed shall become the accusers
 of the abolitionists. With all the imperfec
 tions of the latter, and they are many, we
 are, under God, indebted to them for all the
 improvements which have thus far taken place
 in our condition as a people. This murmur
 i ing against the abolitionists, is like the mur
 murings of the Israelites against Moses.—
 Brethren, cease your assaults apon the aboli
 tionists, and turn your arms against your
 foes.— f. d.
 v Tke Smith Lends.
 These lands must soon be made a blessing
 to the colored people, or they will'become a
 curse. We have hoped and expected much
 from them as a means of final independence
 ;to a large number of the oppressed and dis
 franchised of this Slate and have therefore
 felt a deep interest in anything that looked
 like their speedy and successful occupation by
 the grantees. The difficulties and hardships
 attending the settlement of a new country
 (always great) are greater in respect to the
 settlement of these lands. The grantees
 are for the most part, honest and indus
 trious, but poor men with large families,
 depending immediately upon their daily toil,
 for the means of support, —who can poorly
 spare a single day, to say nothing of a dollar,
 with which to get on to those lands. The
 hardships and difficulties stare them full in
 the face. The region of country is cold the
 summer season is short; there is no living
 there withdbt houses and fanning utensils.
 Houses cannot be built and farming utensils
 obtained without money and this the gran
 tees have not got. They must have seed
 before they can have a harvest; and they
 must have something upon which to live,
 while they are plowing and planting, and j
 otherwise tilling the soil. This tiny have:
 not, and therefore cannot emigrate with:
 safety to these lands. Hundreds there are i
 who wish to go and settle upon those lands;
 they only need the means of living there one
 reason—of making one harvest, and all will
 be well after that. W« have every assur
 ance that most of the land is of the very best
 quality, largely fertile, and for a new country
 of remarkably easy cultivation. Now we
 ask, Shall this hi rosing be converted into a j
 curse, merely for the want of a few hundred
 dollars to start with 1 We hope not. Poor;
 as we are, we will readily pledge ourselves
 to raise twenty-five dotlara towards purchas- f
 ing farming utensils and helping those who j
 settle on those lands next Spring. We I
 would further announce that we will receive I
 donations from any person in aid of this ob-
 jret, holding ourselves responsible to the
 public for the faithful disbursement of all
 soma placed in our hands. AO donations far
 thia purpose, directed to Farorucx Doro-
 Mfat, North Star ofift, Rochester, will he
 promptly acknowledged through the columns
 •f the North Star.— r.
 Pataca Lot ts NarouoK has beeu elected
 JPremdsnt of France, by e large majority.
 TWMIMC returns gift 97,000 m h» favov
 over iM oompelihes.
Gum Smith’s Larnca*— Read in u
 other Colusa, (be uloyut and ftukW IrtW
 of Omni South to Lewis Tappan It a
 worthy of the great heart of its author
 dmwing a devotion and fidelity to the cau*
 of the outraged and manacled ravel]
 evinced in any quarter. For this letter, m
 j return Genit, South out stneereat thanks
 With a few more such men rs be, bow lonf
 {would it take to dislodge slavery from tbt
 i church, and utterly divorce it ib the puhlk
 mind from all ideas of true religion f No
 k»g, we are sure. We should like to set
 an answer to it from Mr. Tappan. He is o
 agn, and if his cause be good, he will no
 fail to answer, and that with ability.—r. o.
 Th« Northern Stab and Colossi
 Farmxb,”' now edited by Rev. Samuel R
 Ward, proposes to change its name at (hi
 end of its present volume, as a compliment tr
 I the North Star pubiiabed at Rochester. Tb«
 Northern Star and Colored Farmei is a smal
 {semi monthly sheet, published at Albany, and
 has had to struggle long and bard for an ex
 istence. It has often given signs of death,
 and to all appearance it has been buried be
 yond resurrection, but to the astonishment 01
 i all, it has risen again, arid appears t rhen u
 pleases to do so—t. e., when it has the power
 j Mr. Myers, has been its sole editor nntil
 within a few weeks.— r. d.
 DZ7* The Pennsylvania Freeman thus no
 •ices an effort on the part of the noble women
 of Philadelphia, to help to sustain Ihe Xortli
 Star:
 I North Star Faib.—A Fair f*»r the beo
 efit of the North Star, Douglass’s indepen
 dent and excellent paper, commenced on
 Christmas day, aud will continue open until
 Saturday evening, at the Hall of the Phila
 delphia institute, Lombard st. above Seventh.
 We learn that it has good success thus far;
 and trust that it will receivp the patronage
 which its object and the efforts of its con
 ductors so well deserve. We would have
 Philadelphia send Douglass a substantial
 token of confidence and sympathy in hi 3
 praiseworthy labors.
 j Rev. Allen E. Graham.—This gentleman
 is authorized to act as a travelling agent for
 'the North Star in Ohio and Indiana. We
 take pleasure in commending him to the warm
 sympathy and regard of all who desire the
 jemancipation of the plundered slave and the
 elevation of the abused and oppressed colored
 j man and also in assuring them that dona
 jtions or subscriptions for the North Star
 placed in his hands, will be faithfully ant
 promptly applied to the purposes for whicl
 they are intended. We hope soon to announce
 that other agents have taken the field for the
 North Star. It can only live by the energetii
 and efficient labors of agents devoted to thi
 cause.—f. d.
 To our Subscribers. —We shall be tin
 det the necessity, in accordance with ou
 established rule, of discontinuing the- Nortl
 'Star to all subscribers whose term of suh
 scription ended with the closing number c
 {the first volume, and who have not renewe
 their subscriptions for the second. There i
 not a single name on our list, over which w
 can well afford to draw' a red or a black mark
 We need you all. Many of our last year’
 sobaeribau, with a generous promptitude
 which redounds to their credit, have alread
 sent in their kind words, and better still, thei
 subscriptions for the second volume and w&lt;
 hope their noble example will be fully copiet
 before the issue of our next number.— f. d.
 Lancaster (Vty, Pa., Dec. 18, 1848.
 Dear Douglass :—Since my last, I have
 held meetings in Wilmington, Delaware, fron
 which place I wrote; West Chester, Pa., an&lt;
 Philadelphia, at which plaee I was assisted b;
 lour worthy friend and co-laborer, Wm. W
 Brown, the “noble fugitive.”
 There are some two thousand of a eplore&lt;
 population in Wilmington, all of whom ap
 pear to he quite an industrious and laboruq
 people, but seem not to have been instillei
 with the higher incentives of life. Educa
 jtion, as heretofore, has been greatly neglectet
 and probably but little cared for by the colora
 people hence, the characteristics of the slavi
 [Stand imminently, and a stranger passing
 through the place, might well mistake four
 fifths of the colored porsons whom he wouh
 see in the streets to be slave?. But such u
 not the case. Although in a slave State
 there are hut few slaves in Wilmington,since
 like in Wheeling, Virginia, they have near!]
 .all run off and left the place. On Sundaj
 evening while I was there, two slaves tool
 the underground railroad, makiog good theii
 escape, as I was informed.
 There are, however, a large number o
 property-holders among the colored people
 many of whom live neat and comfortable if
 their own houses. Indeed, I set it down ai
 one of the most commendable traits among
 them, that their honses were both
 and internally remarkable for neatness in ap
 pearance and fact.
 There are three schoola for colored children
 here, where the minor or primary branch**
 are taught. The beat and most interesting of
 these schools is taught by Mr. Daniel B. An
 derson, a worthy, intelligent, pious colored
 gentleman, who has some forty pupils contin
 ually in attendance. Mr Anderson has, aa
 yet, no class aa fir advanced aa grammar and
 geography, and still uses Pike’s old arithmetic
 in his school. These old books were good in
 their day, but are not now well adapted to the
 progressive system of teaching nor, the ready
 eomprehenaMM of the tender mind of youth.
 I could wish that teachers would abandon
 their old style and method of teaching alto
 gether, sod at ooee adopt the reformed and
 approved methods and works. It would he
 worth the while if every school-teacher who
 is not conversant with new systems, would
 suspend their schools for a month, and give
 •heir whole attention during that period to
 making themselves acquainted with new and
 approved met hods. Mr. Anderson is a very
 uaetul member of society, and himself and
 frmily are universally respected by all
 The next school is taught by a young while
 appear* to teach for the mlary dm
 whatever it may be. It cannot be
 for anything else, since her pupils are defi
 cient in the firm evidences of a well-taught
 good manners. On entering this
 tebool* I *M laughed in the face by all the
 pupils, and the dam of larger girls, seme of
 whom were quite in their “teem,” continued
 •o Meet and laugh, the teacher paying no at
 lontieo whaterm to their cewdoet. 9m ad*
 nami forward at a somewhat dtAdeat man
•or, inquiring what I wanted. My answer
 being that I came lo visit the school, she
 to rood about to bet sent with apparently an
 indignant expieeskm upon her rounteoance
 On inquiring about the branches taught in the
 srbool, I was answered quite ahruplr— in
 deed, I had never been so rudely treated by a
 female before. It was evident that she con
 sidered it impudent for a colored person to
 visit the school as an inquirer This 1
 learned afterwards. I pity the children taught
 in that school by the present preceptresf. I
 look upon it, at present, as an academy of
 servj|py.
 The third is an infant school of some 10
 children, taught by an affectionate colored
 lady. I learned that a fourth was about to be
 opened by a Mrs. Shoby.
 There is an excellent and most interesting
 Sabbath-school kept in the basement of Zion,
 a church of colored people, uoder the whites!
 The minister in charge is a white man, bu
 the others are all colored. 'Hus Sabbath
 school numbers from eighty to one hundred
 children, of both sexes and various vm, from
 infints to nearly-grown youths and maidens.
 The teachers are all colored, and a better
 conducted and more interesting Sabbath
 school, 1 have seldom visited. Every Sab
 bath there is a task assigned to some one of
 the pupils lo recite an esea y or portion
 *orue appropriate beautiful writing; and on
 this occasion, iheday of my visit, on entering
 the school, the duty was being performed by
 a youth about sixteen, when the whole school,
 from the least to the greatest, sat with the
 most listful attention. I addressed the school
 as I usually do on visiting them, and was
 fully paid by the countenances of theehtldren
 beaming with delight and gratitude. Indeed,
 whatever might be the impression created on
 a stranger passing through the streets, did he
 vi*it this Sabbath-school, his impression
 would at once be changed for here he would
 find, the concentrated intelligence of the col
 ored people, as I believe all the children go to
 this school, and colored persons from all the
 different churches teach here. There are
 four colored churches in Wilmington the
 African Methodist Episcopal Church, Zion
 African Methodist Episcopal Church, Union
 African Methodist Church, and Zion Meth
 odist Church, under the whites. Quite too
 many churches for the population, in all con
 science. Perhaps the people would be better
 with one-half the number. The meetings
 after the first night were numerously attended
 by a large concourse of anxious inquirers
 after truth on the great subject, which must
 I now be considered the question of the day, of
 the Moral b.levation of the colored people by
 self-exeri ion. Ihe last evening, in the Rev.
 Abram Cole's church, (to whom I am indebted
 for assisting me,) the meeting was attended
 "’ftb unusual interest. Crowds went away,
 unable lo gain entrance.
 I am much indebted to Mr. and Mrs. An
 derson, Mr. Hill and lady, for kind hospitality
 during my stay in Wilmington.
 Tuesday and Wednesday evenings, the
 stfi and 6th, I held meetings in West Chester,
 Pa., which were well attended by both
 classes. Notwithstanding the almost entire
 absence of anti-slavery feeling in the place,
 the colored people took great interest in the
 meetings, filling the house at an early hour.
 This perhaps is attributable to the fact, that
 Mr. A. I). Shadd, an old and tried fiiend in
 the cause of suffering humanity and the ele
 vation of his nominally free brethren, resides
 here, whose excellent character must have
 exercised a very salutary influence over the
 people generally. Mr. Shadd is among the
 soundest and best minded men in our country,
 and was among the patriotic few who, in 1830,
 assembled together in the capacity of a Na
 tional Convention of Colored Freemen, in
 Philadelphia, when S. Joacelin, A. Tappan,
 and W. 1,.-Garrison, being then Colonization
 ists. 'and visiting this/ Convention, were
 forced, by reason of the talent there displayed,
 to turn from the ejrror of their way,” and
 'embrace the cause of 'the perishing slave and
 American bondman—of God and humanity.
 I think I am not wrongly advised in the above
 allegation; at least, it is what colored men
 generally claim. If wrong, of comae I will
 be kindly corrected.
 There are several good mechanics in West
 f hestpr, doing well, and a number of good,
 well-doing farmers in the neighborhood!
 working their own lands. I suppose this
 county embraces more farmers among the col
 ored people, than any other county in Penn
 sylvania. I would that every county through
 out the State contained a pro rata of colored
 farmers. What a different aspect it would
 present to the affairs of our brethren in this
 Slate. Our people must become mechanic*
 and farmers—producers instead of consumers,
 if we ever expect to lie elevated on a level
 with those who now predominate and rule
 over us.
 Go, brethren—go, young men and women,
 u&gt; the level lands of the West— go to the
 beautiful plains of Michigan, lowa, or Wis
 consin, lands in themselves, —mini by God
 and blessed ot heaven—lands which now lot
 so tiering for the healing hand of the skilful
 cultivator. Will you not go» God grant
 that you may be brought to see your duty.
 Ihe colored people in this place have a
 church, which, by pro-slavery influence, they
 were induced to locate’three-fouiths of a mils
 oat of town. This wa* mean in the extreme;
 and in perfect keeping with that misenbli
 spirit which ooce obtained everywhere in this
 eounuy, taking advantage of the poverty and
 ignorance of a people. If soeh spirits as
 reside m the place now had dwelt among them
 then, such impositions upon them would not
 have been practiced.
 They have also a good daily school here,
 taught by up amiable and accomplished young
 white lady from Connecticut. This school
 promises much uader the proseat teacher,
 though there are evidences that, previous to
 her charge, there has been much negftet and
 undue indulgence on the part of those who
 formerly conducted it. lam in hopes ti e
 intelligent part of the parents will give weekly
 attention to this school, which is neceemry in
 order to do the teacher justice.
 On the 7th, dth and Uth, I addressed
 ■••Unf* Philadelphia, promising to return
 there ou Christinas, to be present at the Fait
 f* op by the ladies, for the benefit of the
 Noith Star and fugitive slaves making their
 Tuesday, 1 left Philadelphia, in company
 villi a largo delegation from that county, to
 •Oamt a Slam Convention of thl Ooiomd
 ‘fmmm of the Commonweahh, to maatnbla

