tJoetrj).
PHILOSOPHY OF ENDURANCE.
 ■f raiRLKi mackat.
 Were the fatly mm sever bawd
 la (be nb cold gnip of the rottiag frawd;
 IHd the rigid frost aem harden up
 The mould above Hi bar* fag eup;
 Were it never soaked in the rnia aad hail,
 Or chilled hy (Le breath of the w intry (ale.
 It would not oprout in the sunshine free.
 Or (ire the promise of a tree:
 It would not spread to the summer air
 Its lengthening I toughs and branches fur.
 To form a bower where, in atom night*.
 Young Lave might dream unknown delight*;
 Or stand ia the woods among its peers,
 Fed by the dew* of a thousand year*.
 Were never the dull unseemly ore.
 Dragged from the depths where it slept of yore
 Were it never cast into searching fame.
 To be purged of impurity aad shame;
 Were it never molten ’mid bunting brands,
 Or bruised and beaten by stalwart hands.
 It would never be known os a thing of worth—
 It would never emerge to a noble birth;
 It would never be formed ihto mystic rings,
 To fatter Love's erratic wings,
 It would never shine amid priceless gents.
 Or the girth of imperial diadems;
 Nor become to tbe world a power and a pride.
 Cherished, adored, and deified.
 Ho, thou, O man of a noble soul,
 Hurting in view of a glorious goal,
 Wen thou never exposed to the blasts, forlorn'
 The storms of sorrow—the sleets of scorn;
 Won tboa never refined in pitile** fire,
 From the dross of thy sloth and mean desire;
 Wert thou never taught to frel and know
 That the truest love lias its roots in woe,
 Thou won Id st never unri.idle the complex plan,
 Or reach half way to the perfect man;
 Thou wouldsi never attain the tranquil height
 Where wisdom purifies the sight,
 And Uod unfolds to the humblest gaze
 The bli«« and heauty of His ways.
 From Blackwood’s Magazine.
 THF. DANUBE AND THE EUXINE.
 Danube, Danube, wherefore comVt tlmu
 Red and raging to my caves'?
 Wiierefore leap thy swollen waters
 Madly t trough the broken ware*?
 Wherefore is thy tide so sullied
 With a hue unknown to me?
 Wherefore dost thou bring pollution
 To the old and sacred sea?”
 Ha! rejoice old father Euxme!
 1 am brimming full and red;
 To tliee tidings I do carry
 From my distant channel lied.
 I have been a Christian river,
 Dull and slow litis many a year,
 Rolling down my torpid waters
 Through a silence mourn and drear;
 Have not felt the tread of armies
 Trampling on my reedy shore,
 Have not heard the trumpet calling,
 Or the cannon’s gladsome roar;
 Only listened to‘the laughter
 From the village and the town.
 And the church bells ever jangling,
 As the weary day went down!
 And I long and sorely pondered
 On the days long since gone by,
 When my old primeval forests
 Echoed to tlie w ar man’s cry;
 When the race of Thor and Odin
 Held their battles by my side,
 And the blood of man was mingling
 Warmly with my chilly tide.
 Father Euxioe, thou rememberest
 How 1 brought thee tribute then,
 Swollen corpses, gashed and gory,
 Heads and limbs of slaughtered men;
 Father Euxine, be thou joyful;
 I am running red once more!
 Not with heathen blood, as early.
 But with gallant Chiistian gore!
 For the old times are returning,
 And the cross is broken down,
 And I bear the tocsin sounding
 In the village aud the town;
 And the glare of burning cities
 Soon shall light me on my way—
 Ha! my heart is big and jocund
 With the draught 1 drank to-dnv'
 Ha! I feel my strength awakened;
 And my brethren shout to me;
 Each is leaping red and joyous
 To his own awaiting sea—
 Rhine and Elbe are plunging onward
 Through their wild romantic land,
 'Everywhere are Christians falling
 By their brother Christian’s hand'
 Yea, the old timet are returning,
 And the olden gods are here;
 Take my tribute, Father Euxine,
 To thy waters, dark and drear—
 Therefore come 1 with my torrents
 Shaking castle, crag, and'town,
 Therefore with the shout of thunder,
 Sweep 1 herd and herdsman down—
 Therefore leap I to thy bosom
 With a loud triumphant roar—
 Creel me! greet me, father Euxiae,
 I am Christian stream no more.”
 FEARLESS AND FAITHFUL,
 labor fearless, labor faithful,
 labor while the day shall last,
 For the shadows of the evening
 Soon the sky will overcast;
 Ere shall end the day of labor,
 Ere shall rest thy manhood’s sun,
 Strive with every power within thee.
 That the appointed task be done.
 Life is not tlie trackless shadow,
 Nor tlie wave upon tbe beach,
 Though our days are brief, yet las’ittg
 la the fctamp we give to each.
 teal, life is earnest,”
 Fidl of labor, full of thought;
 Every hour and every moment
 Is with living vigor fraught.
 Fearless wage Ufa*, earnest conflict,
 Faithful to thy highest trust,
 If tlmu’lt have a memory clierished.
 And a path Ivight as the just.
 Labor fearless, labor faithful,
 Labor until aet of sun.
 And the welcome shall await thee,
 I'roinised plaudit of* 4 Well done!”
 ’Tis thus with man. He comeih like tlie flowei,
 To feel tbe changes of each earthly hour—
 To enjoy the sunshine or endure the shade.
 By hopes deluded or by reason swayed
 Yet haply, if to Virtue’s path lie turn,
 And feel her hallowed fire within him bum.
 He pssaeth calmly from that sunny morn
 Where all the buds of youth are aswly born,
 Through varying intervals of onward years,
 Until the ev« of hrs decline appears;
 And while the shadows round bis path descend.
 As down the vale of age his footsteps tend,
 Peace o’er his bosom sheds her soft control,
 Aud throngs of geotleet memories charm the soul;
 Then weaned front earth he turns bis stediast eve
 Heyonu the grave, whose verge he fathers nigh,
 Surveys the brightening regions of the blest
 And hits a wear fad pilgrim t,«ki l(t rrf
Selections.
RECOGNITION OP THE LIBERIA*.
 REPUBLIC.
 Il seems that President Roberts failed
 to induce our Government to recognise
 the Liberian Republic. But he has
 been more fortunate with England and
 France, tbe Government of which
 countries have promptly and cordially
 extended to the new Republic the
 courteay of a recognition. Roth Gov
 ernments, too, have issued orders to
 the commanders of their respective
 squadrons on tbe Coast of Africa, to
 place a certain number of vessels, when
 necessary, at the disposal of President
 Roberts, in any efficient effort against
 the slave-trade. Mr. Roberts is now
 engaged in negotiating a treaty ol
 commerce with the British Government.
 A correspondent of the Colonization
 Herald, writing from London, October
 2fkh, says
 He showed to Mr. George Thorop
 son and me last night the draft of the
 treaty, in the hand-writing of Mr. La
 bouchere, the President of the Board
 of Trade. The treaty is a most liberal
 one, based on perfect equality and re
 ciprocity between the two States, Great
 j Britain and Liberia.
 Mr. Roberts thinks in a very few
 days more this treaty will be signed,
 sealed, and delivered also, and then he
 i will be ready to go back to Liberia,
 having succeeded entirely in the ac
 complishment of the objects which
 brought him to Europe.”
 Our Government, under the influence
 of the violent slaveholders, has stub
 bornly-refused to recognize Haiti, and
 thus severely injured the flourishing
 commerce we once carried on with that
 Republic. Under the same influence,
 it seems, it refuses to recognize the
 Republic of Liberia.
 This is reall too contemptible for a
 Government that has any pretensions
 to common intelligence. It is paying
 rather too much to gratily they color
 \phobia of a few fanatics.— JVat. Era.
 I
 Such is American honor —such is
 American faith Hen, prisca Jides!
 Alas for what, in times gone by, has
 been called national faith But do you
 reply that the American faith was ever
 pledged to either Haiti or Liberia, and
 therefore it can not have been broken."
 It was "most solemnly plighted before
 High Heaven and universal humanity,
 on the 4th day of July, 177t&gt;, while
 Haiti was in chains which she has since
 broken, with as much justice on her
 side as these Colonies” could plead,
 and with infinitely more of motive than
 they could urge or feel for America
 than declared “All men free,” and made
 equal justice the basis of her defense
 and of her rights; and the oppressions
 they suffered, though real and deserv
 ing of prompt redress by “the mother
 country,” were gossamer to cable,”
 in the comparison with those that Haiti
 ens were enduring from their pale-faced
 tyrants. Yet, though Haiti sundered
 the chains which bound her, only some
 few years later, America refused and
 still refuses to recognize her as a sister
 Republic.
 And now mark the still more clarion
 dishonor and breach of phghtea faith,
 j in her late refusal to acknowledge the
 independence of Liberia for she has
 given to the emigrants to that colony
 encouragement that, if they would leave
 their American birth-place and plant
 themselves on the Coast of Africa,
 there they should enjoy all the rights of
 freemen, w’hich should not be allowed
 them here. On this pledge they went,
 and there suffered, and many died,
 i that a remnant might be saved and pos
 sess, as other men, the liberties, that
 i all mankind hold dearer than life. They
 'duly organized a,civil government of
 jtheir own. after some thirty years of
 i vassalage under American rule and
 pretended protection; and then they
 send their chosen chief to claim of their
 parent government no more than a ful
 filment of that pledge. But they are
 I repulsed with scorn, and are aban
 doned in their weakness to self- protec-
 I tion and are denied even a commercial
 I treaty. Infamous as is this conduct of
 lour government, it is very far from
 being unexpected fry us. From the
 year 1828, we have prophecied this
 result for we saw the insincerity of
 Colonization pretensions of friendship
 for the colored race.—We saw that
 they were deceived into a hope of be
 coming a free people by going to Afri
 ca, in order that they might be per
 (suaded to separate themselves as
 otherwise they could not have been,
 from their suffering brethren left behind
 in American slavery, a safer posses
 sion of their avaricious and cruel op
 pressors. The cry of “colonize!—
 colonize went through this hypo
 critical land; —“colonize and be a
 free and enlightened and happy people
 in Africa Henry Clay stood for
 years at the head of that hollow-heart
 ed pretender to philanthropy, the
 Colonization Society,” and gave the
 influence of his name to the fraud.
 What, twenty years ago, we believed,
 now we know. And now we confident
 ly anticipate the continuation of the
 same process of deception, so long as
 it will be of any avail in persuading
 the free colored people to emigrate, j
 though il must be done in the very
 face of this fact of fraud. There are
 yet Colonizationists,” even at the
 .Yor/A .-i— Christian Contributor.
 Alabama Factories. The Flag
 and Advertiser, at Montgomery, says a
 factory is now in process of erectiou in
 Tuscaloosa county, by Mr. Hardy
 Clemens, which is intended to run one
 thousand spindles, and to be worked by
 slave labor exclusively.
 The Tuscaloosa factory the
 j most extensive in the State—has been
 in operation only a few months. It
 j promises to be exceedingly profitable
 Ito the stockholders. They confidently
 calculate, wc are iulbruied,* upon 38
 per cent, profit on the capital invested.”
 A reliable calculation made for the
 proprietor ot the factory now building
 near Tuscaloosa shows that if the east
 ern factory can tnuke cloth at ID ceuts
 per yard, he can make it atB 1-2 cts.”
 “Daniel Pratt’s factory, we learn,
 is succeeding so well that a company of
 gentlemen, residing in the vicinity of
 tWtville, have soot an agent north to!
 buy machinery for a factory, to be;
 located a few miles above Prattville.”
F real da Trikaar
 MOUTHER* PROCEEDINGS O*
 THE SUBJECT OP RLAYERY.
 Washington Dec. 28, 1848.
 A mertnig of Southern* Members ol
 tbe two Houses arms held Ist! evening
 in the* Senate Chamber, pursuant tc
 private notices; distributed in Um
 course of yesterday’s Semsion. by Mr
 Foote and others. Tbe proceeding!
 were intended t&lt;9 be secret, and report
 rs. letter-writers* and all others bul
 the participators therein, were oi
 course excluded.
 Ex-Governor Metcalfe, V. Statei
 Senator from Kentucky, was called It
 the Chair—dVlr. Atchison, Senatoi
 from Missouri, and Ex-Governoi
 Gayle, a Representative from Ala
 bama, were appointed Vice President!
 —and Mr. Vknable, a Representative
 from North Carolina, acted as Secreta
 ry. Between sixty and seventy mem
 bers were present, ajl of course fron
 Slave States.
 A series of resolutions which, in con
 nection with the whole proceedings,
 were introduced by Mr. Batly of V a.
 embracing essentially, in regard to the
 rights of the General Government, th&lt;
 principles of the Resolutions of 1796.
 Mr. Stephens, of Ga. opposed im
 mediate action on the resolutions, and
 moved a reference of them to a com
 mittee of one from each State, to report
 upon the whole subject, at an adjourned
 meeting, to be held Jan. 15, 1849.
 A very animated, though hy nci
 means intemperate, debate ensued, in
 which Messrs. Stephens, Foote,
 Toombs, Pendleton, Woodward,
 Butler, Tompkins, Rayly, Chapman,
 Morse, Holmes, Risk, Calhoun,
 Westcott, and one or two others whose
 names have not been ascertained, par
 ticipated. Some were in favor of the
 immediate adoption of the Resolutions.
 Mr. Calhoun approved of Mr Bayly’s
 Resolutions, but coincided generally in
 the propriety of the reference proposed
 by Mr. Stephens. He made one of his
 most eloquent and able speeches on the
 subject, moderate for him, containing
 nothing* intended to excite the South,
 and but little, perhaps, which might be
 calculated to produce such a result.
 The meeting was very orderly; very
 little excitement was manifested,.and
 even the ultras were quite moderate in
 the expression of their sentiments. The
 remarks of Gen. Rusk, senator from
 Texas—like those of Mr. Calhoun—
 were listened to with the most profound
 attention.
 Mr. Westcott advocated the adop
 tion of Mr. Bayly’s resolutions, and of
 his proposed address—confined to a
 historical detail of the aggressions upon
 the South.
 Others advocated the reference ol
 the resolutions, as proposed by Mr.
 Stephens, on the ground that if the
 action of Congress at this session con
 summated what was proposed hy the
 opponents of. the South, more cogent
 and efficacious and direct measures
 should be taken by the Representatives
 of the Southern States here. But this
 was not, as will be perceived by the
 foregoing, the view entertained by all
 those who sustained Mr. Stephens’s
 motion. The object of others was
 faiAk«» lima £am aonawltatiai*.
 The proposition of Mr. Stephens
 was finally agreed to with great unani
 mity.
 The following gentlemen have been
 appointed the Committee on the part of
 the Slaveholding States, in accordance
 with the resolution of the meeting
 Stephens of Ga, Cowns of La
 Clayton of Del. Morehead of Ky.
 -Chapman ofMd. Gentry ofTenn.
 Bayly of Va. Atchison of Mo.
 Venable of N. C. Borland of Ark.
 Calhoun of S. C. Cabell of Fla.
 King of Ala. Rusk of Texas.
 Foote of Miss.
 This Committee has been formed
 without consultation with all the gen
 tlemen named upon it. Some of them
 may decline to serve, or may consent
 with a view of arresting the agitation
 and allaying the excitement.
 A VISIT TO ABD-EL-KADAR.
 The Tribune of the Gironde gives
 the following interesting particulars of
 Abd-el-Kader and his family: Thanks
 to the friendly interference of the offi
 cer who has wholy devoted himself to
 the noble mission of alleviating the ex
 ile of this great fallen one, we obtained
 the favor of a private audience. We
 found the Emir seated on his bed On
 our entrance he immediately rose and
 squeezed our hands with warmth and
 dignity. His stature is above the av
 erage his white woolen clothes exhibit
 in fine relief his superb face, which is
 adorned with a long black beard; nis
 white hands are perfectly shaped, and
 his feet seemed surprised to feel the
 softness of the carpets, after having
 been so long accustomed to tread the
 sand. ‘Since I have confided myself
 to the honor of the French,’ remarked
 the Emir,’ ‘1 have not had occasion to
 repent a single moment, and 1 can well
 understand that weighty reasons at
 present prevent the realization of my
 wish to live and die at Mecca. I
 will w’ait., Here his fine black eyes,
 the expression of which is at once mel
 ancholy and proud, became suddenly
 animated, and darted lightening—one
 word had elecrified him,and that word
 was uttered by a female voice. Abd
 el-Kader looked sublime. He soon,
 however, recovered his habitual expres
 sion of gravity, and only spoke to us of
 the fatigues of his journey and the un
 certainty of his present position. The
 women forming the family of the Emir
 are lodged in a suit of three rooms join
 ing his own apartment. His mother
 inhabits tbe most distant; she is a wo
 man of 79 years of age, with a sad and
 dejected mien, but her eyes sparkle oc
 casionally, like those of her son. She
 was indisposed when we visited her,
 and was reclining on a mattress, be
 fore an immense brasier, surrounded
 by young black and white female at
 tendants, who appeared to serve her
 with great seal ami attachment. In the
 second room were the three colored
 wives of Abd-el-Kader on their mat
 tresses, with their children in their arms
 the faces of tbe latter are very pretty;
 their beads are entirely shaved; they
 say bon jour! and shaly bands very
 willingly. The women are all habited
 in white Rolls, sort of kmw gown, and
 and double tunica of rnuslm or doth,
 fattened at the breast by chains of Ri
ver; on their naked feet they weei
 rings of tlie same metal. Their heat
 dress conceals their hair entirely; theii
 ears are pierced for immense ear-ringi
 which reach "fas low as their shoulders
 Some uf the firomen in this room wen
 tattooed on the face and and arms ii
 the moat curious manner: they appear
 ed resigned to their fate, but much at
 tooiabed at the scenes of the surround
 iog world. The third room is the noi
 curiouft of nil. It is a large saloon
 darkened by tbe partial closing of th«
 shutters, tbe fsint light that obtains in
 gress being increased by that of ai
 enormous fire.
 Here we found the white wife of the
 Emir, on a sofa watching over her chil
 dren at play. She is about 40 yean
 old, and her face is handsome, am
 though the expression be somewhat se
 vere, it is by no means bad. Her white
 garments are finer and neater that
 those of the black concubines. Hei
 sad glance seemed to ask Heaven what
 would he the future fate of her uuhap
 py family. Of the two daughters o
 the Emit*, one is a superb beauty. Hei
 face is one of those ideal ones that
 haunt the imaginations of painters, anc
 her eyes are such as when once seen
 can never be forgotten.—Her ban
 arms, perfectly shaped, are encircled
 with very simple bracelets; her hair if
 adorned with a large riband and some
 flowers, which announce that the wo
 men of the desert are as vain and a&lt;
 fond offfi&gt;iTowing the 'foreign orna
 men’ as their more civilized, and ther
 fore less excusable sisters of Europe.’
 A good Anecdote. A Tcorrespon
 dent of the Troy Budget tells the fol
 lowing good story
 It seems that the person who blows
 the bellows of the organ at St. Luke’s
 Church, also attends to the furnace for
 warming the building, and having oc
 casion, during service, to ‘mind the
 fires.’ he left the bellows in charge oi
 a coachman lately imported, and green
 as the Emerald Isle of his nativity be
 fore the appearance of the potato rot.
 During his absence, the 'Gloria in Ex
 celsis’ capte, in the order of the exer
 cises, to be chanted, and Patrick was
 directed to furnish the organic element.
 A short time elapsed, but no music
 followed the touch of the lady who
 presided at the instrument. 'Blow,’
 whispered the fair organist. 'Blow
 repeated the leader and 'Blow blast
 you, blew echoed the entire choir
 but not a puff found its way into the
 vacant pipes, to wake the slumbering
 harmony. An investigation now took
 place, and Patrick was found behind
 the orgau—with both his hands tightly
 clenched around the bellows-handle,
 (a stick of some five feet long and two
 inches thick,) the end stuck in his
 mouth, his cheeks swelled to the utmost
 expansion, his eyes distended, and the
 perspiration streaming from his face—
 engaged in the vigorous but vain at
 tempt to force his breath through the
 pores of the wood into the body of the
 instrument.
 It is perhaps, unnecessary to say
 that some little time passed before the
 choir were able to screw their 'inouthf
 into that serious pucker requisite tc
 the proper performance of mw«4cn]
 exercises.
 A quaint but witty English witei
 speaking of dull men, who affect to be
 very grave, says: “They do well to
 counterfeit a reservedness and keep
 their desks always locked, not for feat
 anybody should steal treasures from
 thence, but lest some one should look
 n and see there is nothing in them!”
 No man is so foolish but he may
 give good counsel sometimes; and no
 man is so wise, but he may easily err,
 if he takes no other counsel than his
 own. he that was taught only by him
 self, had a fool for his master.
 Girls, hold up your Heads!— The ques
 tion whether Woman is intellectnally equal
 w ith the lords of creation’ has often been
 mooted, but never authoritatively settled.
 Most men, we believe, regard woman as a
 mere satellite, a plaything, an ornament—
 anything, in short, but a being possessing
 equal rights with themselves to explore the
 field of science, to form opinions for herself
 on every moral and social question, and to
 act upon those opinions, without saying by
 your leave, sir.’ Whatever differences of
 opinion this subject may provoke, there is
 one proposition, the verity of which may be
 assumed as self-evident; and that is, that
 Woman has the right to a complete development
 of her intellectual powers, such as they are,
 even though such development should furnish
 evidence of her entire equality with the
 stronger sex. This truth, so recently dis
 covered, is beginning to exert an influence
 upon our plans of female education. -It is no
 longer thought sufficient that a woman should
 be barely able to read and write, and possess
 a little smattering of arithmetic, geography
 and grammar; something more than this is
 regarded as desirable and necessary to tbe
 complete development of her powers. Some
 of our schools for females are doing a work,
 the influence of which will be felt in after
 generations, and among them is the Brooklyn
 (N. Y.) Female Academy. In an account
 of the recent examination of the graduating
 class, the N. Y. Evangelist says
 Rev W. B. Lewis in reporting on the
 examination of the young ladies in Natural
 Theology, Intellectual Philosophy, Mora)
 Philosophy, the Evidences of Christianity,
 Butler's Analogy, and the Elements of Criti
 cism, says the mode of examination was such
 is to test in the most thorough manner the
 acquaintance of tbe pupil* with the subject.
 Neither the Principal, nor the Committee,
 who participated freely in tbe examination,
 were confined to the order of the text-book,
 nor indeed to the text-book itself—the object
 being to ascertain the degree of mastery
 attained in tlie science. And profound and
 discriminating as are the topics involved, we
 must record it as in our view their just meed
 of praise—the class acquitted themselves well.
 Nor do we fear a comparison of the day’s
 work with one where the other sex should
 have figured. We speak what we do know,
 w ben we say that not every class of Senior
 Sophister* in college, on the eve of gradua
 tion, does better justice to tbeee subjects; and
 if tbe examination conducted under our eye
 be taken as a specimen of the whole, there
 are young ladies who, according to their
 advantages, deserve as well to commence this
 day Maids or aet, as does many a young
 gentleman on commeoeement day to be ad
 mitted Bachelor.
 Girin we counsel you to aspure after all
 useful knowledge sod to be satisfied
 nothing short of the complete development of
 sDtbe powers which God has given yon. If
 fops, dandies sad literary pretenders sneer at
 you, remember thst it takes something more
 than the art of a tailor or a barber to make a
 man
 Piinteb’s Union.—ln Boston," be
 tween 200 and 380 journeymen primers
 neve associated themselves fit a society
 for the regulation of prices, kc.
3Uiorrtiotmntto.
lipiriut f ranMrt.
 IDE’S Patrai Wheel Cakivator mmd WinGnm
 PW. The Farmiag Pifafo air hereby informed
 IkM Letter* Patent hare her* take* by tku
 •briber far b.« recent-great a tbe
 Krartioe ami naaa&amp;rnrraT FIELD CrtTlTATOati
 u improvement m&gt; mt at ewtkreH utthiaMW
 Ae whole ivatrai of farming, by lufacmg the tap—*
 one-half or more. Wbetwrer tbey bar* been akro
 faced, they hare awl the dfaided apphAalwa of
 farmer*, h the following certificates from the inlrr
 Ugeat and practical farmer* *hoae name* are
 attached. ahmdnntH *how:
 CERTIFICATES.
 This mar certifv that are, the Satweribere, hare
 seen ose&lt;] the Patent Wheel Cwhirator, ioreaied
 hr Nath*!* I or. of Slrliy. Orleans Co., New
 Vurk, and believe it to he, a* a labor-saving at
 chine, owe of the greatest a»prowa«H of the age.
 By it, a fanner raa pot ia from tew to fiAeen acre*
 mare of wheat in a year, with the mine amount of
 team labor; be ran aU sow it in moth better order.
 By it alao Canada ihistlr* and other noxious weed*
 may be totally extirpated. Said machine Uso con
 structed that it can he regulated to go any depth, by
 araaa of acrew* on tbe upper part of the machine,
 and daw either plow up the gruMiafahoroogbly, or
 onlv jn*t brush the ratface. I’pon the whole, we
 think it decidedly the best machine erer inrented for
 puirerixing the eroufa and facilitating tlie labor of
 thr Farmer, ana a* sorb wr cheerfully reennunead il
 to.our brother burner*.
 Janie* H. Hedlcy, James Ide
 Eno* Newman, John Stevens,
 John C. Wheeler, Hartes lledley,
 Gardner Bern James P. Anderson,
 Shelby, Co.. Aprif 23,1948.
 W&gt;, the undersigned, purchased one of Nathan
 Ide’s Patent Cnltirator* last Fall, and found it
 answer the purpose so well, that we have this Spring,
 made purchase of another. We can w ith this Plot*
 prepare with two horses, eight acres of land prr day
 for wheat, and it i* much to tter door than by tlie
 old plows; and the bind pepared by this Cultivator
 will yield 5 bush, per acre more.
 EI.l CHURCH.
 Riga, June, 1848. DENNIS CHURCH.
 After these testinu.ui.iU, the Subscriber deem* it
 unnecessary to enter into a long and elaborate des
 cription of the implement, with its various mode* o(
 operation. To be fully appreciated, it must be seen
 and used. No farmer who fully understand* his
 interest w ill be witlmut one, as it is an invaluable
 implement.
 NATHAN IDE, Patentee.
 Shelby, Orleans Co., N. V., July 1848.
 IDE’S Patent Cultivator is manufactured by
 LEVI WELI-iS, Buft'akt Street, near the Bull’s
 Head, Rochester, N. V., where farmers are invited
 o call and examine for themselves.
 OWEN MORRIS’ CITY BINDERY
 ORDER THE MUSEUM —late FISHER MORRIS.-
 MR. MORRIS wns ill the employ of Mr. Marrus
 Morse for seven years, and during that time
 procured for him three Silver Medals, for tbe best
 specimens of Bfok Binding, exhibited at the Me
 chanics’ Fairs held in this city and Buffalo.
 Gentlemen’s Libraries fitted up and repaired
 Music Paper ruled; Music and Periodicals boinul
 and finished to any put cm. Blank Account Books
 executed at this establishment have given unequalled
 satisfaction, by their durability and elegance. Strict
 attention is always paid to the quality of paper used,
 to render them equal to tlie best in the United States
 or those imported.
 Ladies’ Scrap anti Guard Books, Albums and
 Portfolios, in all their varieties, manufactured to
 order in the best sty le.
 Banks, Institutions, Societies, &amp;c., may be
 assured of work being done on the most advantageous
 terms.
 Gentlemen residing at a distance, by packing and
 forwarding volumes to the above directions, stating
 price and style, may rely upon their being well bound
 on the most favorable terms, also carefully .and
 punctually- returned.
 N.B. Tlie proprietor lias spared no expense in
 fitting up tlie establishment, ami introducing into
 Western New York the latest improvements in
 Book Binding.
 OW EN MORRIS,
 City Bindery, under the Museum.
BRITISH PERIODICAL
 LITERATURE.
 9
 SUBSCRIBE EARLY WHILE THE TERMS
 ARE LOW.
 REPUBLICATION OF
 The London Quarterly Review The
 Edinburgh Review, The North Brit
 ish Review, The Westminster Review
 and Blackicood's Edinburgh Maga
 zine.
 The above Periodicals are reprinted in New York,
 immediately on their arrival bv the British steamers,
 in a beautiful clear type, on fine white paper, and
 are faithful copies of the originals, Blackwood’s
 Magazine, lieing an exact far si mile of the Edinburgh
 edition.
 They emliraee tlie views of tlie three great parlies
 in England—Tory, Whig, and Radical. Black
 wood” and the London Quarterly” are Tory the
 “Edinburgh Review” Whig; and th#“ Westmin
 ster Review” Radical. The North British Re
 view” is more of a religious character, having been
 originally edited by Dr. Chalmers, and now, since
 his death, being conducted by bis son-in-law, Dr.
 Hanna, associated with Sir David Brewster. Its
 literary character is of the very higliest order..
 PRICES FOR 1848, (if SUBSCRIBED FOR EARLY.)
 For any one of tlie (bur Reviews, #3 00 per annum.
 For any two do 5 00
 For any three do 7 00
 For all four of the Reviews, 8 00
 For Blackwood’s Magazine, 3 00
 For Blackwood and tlie 3 Reviews, 9 00
 For Blackwood the 4 Reviews, 10 00
 Payments to he made in all cases in advance.
 CLUBBING.
 Four copies of any or all the above works w ill I;
 sent to one address on pay inent«of the regular »td
 script ion for three—the fourth copy being gratis.
 EARLY COPIES.
 A late arrangement with the British publishers ol
 Blackwood's Magazine secures to us early sheets ol
 that work, Ijy which we shall be able to place the
 entire number in the bands of subecritiers before any
 portion of it can be reprinted in any of die American
 Journals. For this and other advantages secured to
 our subscriliers we pay so large a consideration, tint
 we may be compelled to raise tlie price of chi? Maga
 zine. Tlierefore we repeat subscribe early while
 the price is low.”
 Remittances ami roinniunicaiioiH should he always
 addressed, post-paid or franked, to the publishers/
 LEONARD SCOTT CO,
 70 Fultou street, New York.
 THE GIRARD LIFE INSURANCE, AN
 NUITY AND TRUST COMPANY of Phila
 delphia. Chartered in 1836—Charter Perpetual;—
 Capital, §300,000 —Beitjumin W. Richards, Presi
 dent. Continues to make iosurawe on lives, grant
 annuities and endowments, and accept trusts from in
 dividuals, corporate bodies, ami courts of justice,
 and execute them agrat-ably to tlie desire of the par
 ties, and receive deposits of money in trust or on
 interest.
 The Company add a boons at stated periods to
 the insurance for life, anti on the 20th of January
 last, an addition was a tad to all the policies for life,
 remaining in force and issued prior to January Ist,
 1842, amounting to 10.prr rent, on the sum insured
 in polities issued in 1837; 7j per cent, on policies
 issued in 1838, and in rateable {iruportkiat according
 to their respective dates.
 'lTie chief object of an insurance Air life is to pro
 vide a aum of money at the death of the parts insur
 ed, for the benefit of a widow, children, friend* or
 creditors; and it will be seen on etaminalioo of the
 uUe of rates of thn life insurance, which will be
 fonuehed by the subscriber to all who may fed an
 interest in the subject, feu by paying a small sum to
 •h* “ic* every veer daring his life, a person may se
 cure to his family a very considerable amount at" his
 decease.
 y hetever the system qf Life Insurance is properly
 wdrnnuud, ll is extensively adopted, and its great
 advantages la ai, bat asses esporiafiy to those who
 depemi on then ewnexaruana far thesnpport of thetr
 families, or who mmy be dasirions to secure the pay
 ment «f a swat of money to their friends, creditors or
 children, at their hnsn, which they might be oth
 srwiae neehlr to accomplish, that the operation of the
 system needs tan n&gt; be explained to ensme the seri
 ons consideration of the pabbe.
 In eevcml iennesi k has happened dmt the party
 moured haa died shortly after have* paid ynly one
 or two instalments of tl* premium, aheu his faauk
 h-ve rereived from ehi. STX fail amount
 arhsrh to hod insured.
 I all tafananuea otohit important subject any he
 »Jj,
 agent ef the Girard Life laswnutoe Canstsr.
 WILLIAM BAKE WELL,
 Bake wed’s Law BniUteg.,
 Great street, Pittsburgh.
 TITM. H. TOfP, Merchant Tailor, Ml Brand
 tongrsstr’
 Afeaay, Feb. 11, I*4*.
FROSPBCTTS
 Mrrku PkrtMltfflcal Jranul,
 O. S. roWLII, EDITOR.
 TOnAraiad perfect itnelwi and ear fee,
 1 the hm mM of ifl work*. Yet* to da Hu* we
 ■Met anifrrnfnil the Hew Conet it at ion. This
 fWkn, aad Vital Magnetism m
 brace. Hid new expound el (he b*» of am r being,
 enadkien* of happiness, tad constitute the pbikwo
 pher'i itow «f laivrrsal Truth.
 rHUNOLOGT
 Each number wiii contain either the aantysis ead
 location of some phreaolafical faculty, ifertiMed by
 •a Engraving, or aa artirel «a their eaadiiaatiod*:
 ead «bo the orguhatioa ead danrtn of «aae &lt;H»*
 tiagaiehed pmoagp, ei i nngwaird by a likeaeee.
 PHYSIOLOGY
 ’Health I* Life, The great iwtnant of talent vir
 tae aad happinrss, all of which it aagawnti. To it*
 pereenratioa aad raooratiaa, special attention will be
 given.
 MAGNETISM.
 With practial instrnrtion, interesting (arts aad
 choice Ithlm which it unfold*, will be presented in
 Hu* Jottmal.
 TOCNO MEN.
 The Ideas toga they eajov, the influence they can
 wield, end their preparation for conducting our imti-
 tutions, will foirn the theme of a aerie* ot article*.
 SELF-IMPROVEMENT.
 Who does not long oarnestly, aad would not strive
 assiduoudy, to ruhivate his natural powers, and
 rentier himselt better and more happy To such,
 each number will be a prompter and lext-bouk.
 TERMS—invariable in advance—ONE DOI.L
 -AR a year
 SAMPLE NI’.MBERS of this Journal will be'
 sent GRATIS, w lien desired.
 To receive attention, letters and orders must IM
 POST-PAID, and directed to
 FOWLF.R WELLS.
 No 131 Nassau St.,New York
WILLIAM B. LOGAN, Dnlfr in Fashionable
 Boots and Shoe*, 80, Purchase {Street, New
 Bedford.
 W. B. L. keeps constantly mi land a good assort
 ment, and will sell cheap for rash. {Strict attention
 paiti to custom-made work, by Messrs. Parker ami
 Davis.
NORTIiAMPTON_WATER CURE.
 Electricity and hydropathy.
 THE public are respectfully informed, that since
 the philosophical deductions of the learned Dr.
 Means, of Emory College, Ga., and thej scientific
 experiments of Mr. fleinmer of England,* have
 recently anti indubitably established the fact, that
 the conclusions at which the undersigned arrived by
 the sense of touch, in 1844, are in harmony with
 natural and physiological laws—to wit, that the
 human body, in a healthy condition, is in a yosUivt
 «Metrical state, anti that the electrical emanations
 from the euticniar surface, indicate health, or the
 symptoms aad character of disease—t lie re is some
 I reason to hope, dial certain physicians, ignorant ol
 these principles or natural laws, a knowledge ol
 which is essential to the safe and intelligent practice
 of the healing art, will cease their vociterations
 against the rosiTivr. electrical state of the
 I human body, and will hesitate to dissuade those
 whom they have failed to relieve of their complaints,
 from seeking nature’s remedy at the Northamp
 ton Water Cure. Tlnis sustained by the light
 I of science, the undersigned may he permitted liere
 i to repeat his experience, tliat, in all cases w liere the
 j wrist, stomach, or hings, are in the electro-negative
 i condition, the patient is beyond the power of water
 |to afford relief. On the other hand, when the parts
 of the body alluded to, are in the. electro-positive
 state, however disarranged, tliere is ground to hope
 j for a cure.
 Had not the results of past years’ practice
 already- convinced the public of the safety or tiuth-
 I fulness of die principles by w hich die undersigned is
 governed, in detecting the symptoms and character
 of disease, and practising the cure, die recent scien
 tific demonstration of their correctness, by Professor
 Means and Mr. Hemmer, could not fail to convince
 the most incredulous.
 Gratefully appreciating the credit so generously
 awarded for his success as a Hydropathic Practi
 tioner, by a discerning public, ami the gratitude
 evinced by those whom he has had the pleasure It
 relieve of their complaints, the undersigned will
 assiduously endeavor to sustain the credit, and merit
 that gratitude, in the case of every invalid who may
 afford him an opportunity to effect a cure, by his
 original and philosophical method of practice.
 The Northampton Water Cure is pleasantly situ
 ated near Bensonville, on the west hunk of Licking
 Water, or .Mill River, about two and a half miles
 from the centre of the town. It is conveniently
 arranged,-with separate parlors, bathing ami dress
 ing-rooms, for Ladies and Gentlemen, well ventil
 ated and conveniently furnished lodging rooms, and
 a variety of hath*, supplied w ith water, which, for
 abundance, purity, and adaptedness to water-cure
 ages, is unsurpassed by that of any other esta
 iienl in this country The scenery in this
 vicinity is picture sque and romantic There are a
 variety of pleasant walks, sufficiently retired, to
 allow water-cure patients to appear as* they should,
 Elainly dressed, enjoying their rambles witlmut
 ping exposed" to public gaze or observation
 Among the complaints which are here successfully
 treated, are liendache, tendency of blood to the heaif,
 cold extremities, general ami nervous debility, bron
 chit is, pulmonary affection, liver complaint, jaun
 dice, acute or chronic inflammation of tlie bowels
 piles, dyspepsia, general debility, nervous ami spinal
 affections, inflammatory and chronic rheumatism,
 neuralgia, sciatica, lame limbs, paralysis, fevers, salt
 rheum, scrofulous and erysipelas humors.
 All patients who visit this establishment for a
 course of treatment, should furnish themselves with
 three comfortables, three woollen blankets, one or
 two linen and three cotton sheets, two pillow cases
 six or eight rra.di towels, some well worn linen, to’
 cut for fomentations, an old cloak or mantle, an um
 brella, ami a pair of slippers.
 Terms for treatment and lioard arc $5 50 to
 #8 50 per week, payable weekly-—washing extra.
 A patient who from choice or tlie character of his
 complaint, occupies a room alone on tlie third floor,
 will pay #8 00 per week-on the first ami second
 floors, #8 50 per week. Patients requiring extra
 attention or fire in their rooms, (except for swath
 ing purposes,) will tarnish their own nurses ami fuel
 or pay an extra price.
 D. RUGGLES.
 Xorthampt'in, Mnrrl, 18^8.
 N.B. Victors to llie Establishment, from tlie
 cast, west, or south, ran take tlie cars of the Conn.
 River Railroad at Springfield. Carriages will
 always be in readiness at the Northamptonilepot, to
 convey them hither.
 The human blood, iu a normal ami healthy con
 dition of the human system, is in' a positive state
 which is constantly maintained tiy the activity of the
 generating sources w ithin—an excess generally pass
 ing off in silence from the cutieular surface, io that
 out ol 356 experiments made by Mr. Hemmer of
 England, upon tlie uncovered skin,” 322 indicated
 the presence of positive electricity. This surplusage
 of the fluid upon tlie surface, we believe to lie indis
 pensable to the liealtliful condition of the hln.lt
 ani ma l economy, and flint when, from any cause, is
 ee dnmni-lied or ceases, diseased action ensues.”
 Geoaddress, del,vered before the .Medical College ol
 isSrgia, at the opening of its annual session, Nov.
 fi. f p,-' I AM MD Professor ol
 Chewmtrf aad Pharmacy, and Profit of Physical
 Science in Emory College, Ga., page 25
ATHOL HATER CURE.
 THE Sub-criber begs leave to call lie attention
 especially those nifirriog from
 chrome dictaur, to hi* hydropathic establishment in
 Athol, Ma&gt;,.
 Hi* hoanr. w as opened lor the reception of patients
 la« *ea*o«, ami it i* believed offer. e»&lt; client fecili.
 tie. for a philosophic thorough course in hydro
 »oppK of water i» abundant, aud in
 P urt *J r pronounced equal to water on a
 i distilled. ibe location is quite eligible, being but,
 a abort distance from the V. kM. railroad. The
 vicinity abound* in a variety of scenery, and ha,
 charming ground* far walk* ind ramble*. Ho that
 with the water, suitable regimen, mountain air, and
 ewrwjf, put tent can acarcelv fail to obtain the
 heakhfal rcM.it* far which they labor.
 The following case illustrate* thi» remark. Mr*. I
 8., wife of Ifea. 8., of Warwick, Ma**., aged*
 about thirty.five years, was brought to me font
 Augwi. Her cam presented the following pheno- i
 mena. If pinned in an erert position, and left un
 supported, khe forthwith fell buck ward to the
 ground. If lasing weU supported, she made ant
 effort to walk, either foot, when carried forward,!
 eo-rwry, wowld rros. the
 r condition nearly a
 year. Her treatment commenced the Iffth of Bept., t
 aud was eo-itmi d to the 28th Ort. only, when she*
 left, *o for recovered an to he ablu to walk half a
 w B»nee bar return to her family, she.
 has cniitima 1 her bath*, with corresponding &gt;m
 gT”. m h ***B»* Bite now attend* to bar j
 tlnaat site duties, and with the misuact of small&lt;
 rf her faatily.
 br»H three enasferubfea, i
 w oUe WMkata, oaa pair of sheet*,
 half towel* marked, with oU linen far
 Te ™t.faaihni*i**drlhnpwwe*k,iec*i4.
 z ■l fc -cs“s
 A** wiffnc fa Ircaay (ham «a —niana
 ®*her*, will be tWged baa.
 Athol, March, 1849. CICOROE HOYT.
P#f BIT V:
 IT* ILLEGAL CACHES AND LEc;ai
 CURE.
 •Y LTMNDER troOKth.
 laT* Ai y rmt A
 “g,. very remarkable pTmiurt^J
 whether all the anticipation* of Mr u
 wonbl he realised by the full adottjou of hi* tbTT?
 wed,, not here atop to enquire; bw we heanh
 ■ead hts endeavor lo the notice of all who L.
 traoafmreM forcible dsrtioa— intrepid ind»r—-t
 •■vifianl thnnght—and entire freedom fonTThe
 of sect or party. Asa judicial writer, helms admti.
 a rampant, fer beyond any one whore predmjl:
 have amt cow eve in a long tinw.” ,rw b«as
 Gnat** Merchant’a Magacinr say*—“ ft -i— j
 •i. bold and original tfanaght*. The illegal closes of
 poverty are stated, and a murder of important
 *''*r «y* --re SH
 whole, we consider it a work well worth stadvire*
 a Hording as it does many vahmble hint* to the wife,
 man and political rroaomi*t. n
 The Bangor An able and certs.n
 hr original work, from the pen of Lyaander Spoore?
 fcaq— look Hhirh
 drale* tlw wieonstotulionatm of Amerirs,,
 There is no writer of the age.of logical nj*
 aearrhiar than Spooner.,’ This new work is de
 tmed to lead to a re-examination of all former
 tents of politira) economy.” At first bki»k hi*
 nomiral propositions strike «w as eastamahle—&lt; *i*Ut
 they are so, Ids work wiM prevail, and prodnre
 important rrvohu,«»n in the present prerad.iw
 tern.
 Fverv one ►lx mid rend it.”
 BF.LA MARSH, Publisher, Botton
 Purl I. Price 2.*» t ents.
Ilarrs ffgftable Extract
 Ik the only remedy ihai ran hr rrlwd on fi,r it*
 permanent care of ?*pa*rondic ontrarrionx, Irruv
 im»« of ihr Nerves, Nervous or &lt;&lt;&gt;rk Headache
 Nrr»«H-# Tremors, Neuralgic Alfectious, u Wr&gt;
 Debility, Deficiency of MerTon* and Phv«ical Cnrr-
 Cy, ami all Nervous Disorder., including thr most
 dreadful of all di«en*ex lhal affect the human race—
 EpUfprf, or Fottmg Hysterical Fib.
 ConvuUions, Spasm-, &amp;c It i» well known, that
 from time immrinoi lal, Physician* have pmnounreJ
 F.pileptic Fit* inrurablr. ‘it has hatSe.l ail their
 skill, and tbr boasted power of all meOicine,
 consequently thousands have suffered thrush a nu
 erahlr existence, and at last yielded up their lives on
 the Altar of intimity. —The proprietor of the Veget
 able Extract, however, feci* no delicacy in raxing
 that it ran lie cured. He would, there tore,
 fully invite physicians, and all others nlio are inter
 ested, to examine the testimony which is here offered.
 If it is deception, let it he exposed but if it is
 true, ilien in the name of humanity, no longer let it
 he said that Fpilepsy is incurable.
 Hunt's Vegetable Extract. —For sixteen years,
 -has been tested by many persons who have suffered
 with this dreadful disease, and in every case where
 it has had a laic trial, lias effected a permanent
 cure.
 Col. Dens low of Yonkers, New York, stales that
 his daughter has been afflicted with Fits tor more
 than nine years, and has been cured hy the use of
 the Vegetable Extract.
 Mrs. J. Bradey, lift Orchard street, New York,
 states that Rhe has been subject to Fits for many
 years, ami has been restored to perfect health (after
 every other means had failed) by the use of the
 Vegetable Extract.
 l&gt;r. Charles A. Brown, of Hover, Rns-ell co.,
 Alalxuna, who is one of the Itest Physicians in tlw
 State, says that he has been much benefited by the
 use of the ege table Extract, ami that he unhesitat
 •»gly prescribes it in every case of Epilepsy which
 comes under his knowledge.
 Curtis (i. Mayberry, Esq., formerly Postmaster
 at Lime Mills, f. raw lord Co., Pa., now living in
 Erie Co., Pa., states tint for mauv y"nr* past ha
 lias been sorely afflicted with Fits, ‘and lie is now
 happy to state that a ]tersevei'iiig use of |)r. Hart’s
 i \cgetable Extract, has restored him to sound health,
 I being entirely freer 1 from tint .worst of all diseases.
 Judge Itandall, N. 15b llenry street, New York,
 I laving used the Vegetable Extract successfully hi
 his family, highly recommends it to all persons ‘win
 are afflicted with Fits.
 M. Stephen E. Pratt, corner of Sixth Avenue
 and Twenty-Sixth street, New York, states that
 Mr. Chas, 11. Bougliton, a member of his family has
 j been so severely afflicted with Epileptic Fits for
 many years, that he was obliged to relinquish his
 business. Having used Dr. Hart’* Vegetable Ex
 tract (says slr. Piatt,) he was soon restored t„
 perfect health, ami left this city for llie State oi
 Ohio to resume his business.
 Rev. Mr. Smith, Rector of St. Peters Church,
 Spots wood, New Jersey, who has been afflicted
 with Epileptic Fits for more than forty years, state*
 that he has used I&gt;r. Hart’s Vegetable Extract, and
 hi* health has been so much improved that lie hope.
 ty Divine blessing, to have no more Fits.
 Epileptic Fits. For twenty-seven years and six
 i months, cured by the use ol this truly tvnndsrliU
 medicine.
 Read the following remaikalde ease of tlie son of
 Wm. Secore, Esq, of Philadelphia, afflicted with
 Epileptic Fit* twenty-seven year* and six monihi.
 After travelling through England, Scotland, Ger
 many and France, consulting tlie most eminent
 physicians, ami expending for mediriue, medical
 treatment and advice three thousand dollars, returned
 with his sou to this country in November last., with
 out receiving any henelfi ‘whatever, ami was cured
 using Han', Vegetable Ftfract.—l have spent
 over three thousaml dollar* for medicine and method
 attendance. I wa* advised to take a tour to Eu
 rope with him which I did. I first visited England,
 1 consulted (lie nn&gt;*t eminent physician* iliere iu
 resuect to his case; they examined him ami preseti
 hed accordingly. remaiHW thejre three month*
 without perceiving any cliange for the better, which
 cost me about two hundred ami fifty dolors pock
 eted by tlie physicians, and the that received
 wa* their opinion that my son case was honeiet*
 andPOSIfIVELY INCURABLE,
 left England travelled through Scotlaml, Genmu/r
 and France, and returned borne i„ tlve month of
 November last, with my son a* far from being cured
 I'*lj» I aw yw«r advertisement in one ol
 tlie New York papers, ami com Imfed to try Halt’s
 Vegetable Extra, t, seeing your statement, and
 certificates of so many cures, some of twenty and
 thirty year* standing, and I can assure you 1 am not
 wrry I did so, as by tlie use of Hart’s Vegetable
 upTTVii m h* wa r ,or l PERFECT
 c i (Ls reasoa, which was so far gone as in
 nnht Inin lor iHismeKs is entirely restored, with to*
 prospect now before him of life, health ami useful
 ness. He is iiow 88 years of age, ami 27 yeai*
 monthsi of this time lias bee,, afflicted w'.il, this
 most dreadful of diseases, but thank God is now
 enjoying good health,
 •‘G/ai* without works 1 don’t Lrliare
 in. lo«iy I shall be ever grateful to you is our
 thing, ami as I here enclose you one humired dollars,
 I have no doubt but you will think this another and
 quite a different thing. The debt of gratitude 1 still
 owe you; but please accept tins amount as interest
 on the debt m advance.
 Yours, very respectfully
 (signed) WILLIAM SECORE.
 TESTIMONY UPON TESTIMONY.
 In reference to the almost miraculomi eflfeacv ol
 this truly womlerful inedo-ine, read the f0110w,,,*
 letter from Dr. W. L. Monroe, of fiuilford. Oh,?
 •me ol the most eminent physicians in that place
 R Dhio, August 17, 1846.
 Brofoer laborer in the cause ofTwmanity-Dear
 *w It i* with no small degree of pleasure that I
 an. enabled to announce to you ibccoumJet* triumph
 of your mvahmhle medicine cmsesTYpilemv I
 Imve prereribml ,t four msrances i„ this VicLty,
 and It has been highly successful in all. Three o
 -in* l* e P t, have been radically «ared.
 ■lie fourth one is rapidly improving, am) will, I
 think Without doubt recover, lam not in the ha bn
 r&gt;* prescribing or recommending patent medicines,
 but when 1 see aa article which promises so much
 for the relief of suffering humanity, I feel my duty
 to recommend it, ami 1 hare no hesitaliio in say.
 inp ihai as soon as the (acuity are folly acquainted
 with the real merit ol' your medicine, they will
 closed their eyes against prejudice and leml'yoo a
 heknog hand.'
 subscribe mi self yours, sincerely,
 (Signed] W. L. MONROE, M D
 To Dr. S. Hart, New York.
 THE TIMF 18 NOT FAR DISTANT
 H hen thousands who are now tremfaline ud,,
 .i» M Ull. MlUiw,, urf C* “T
 "J l&gt;™»« fas. »iH fad
 CI «TinCATES
 H OT 0 V«».

 'Z-T.rps, fofo,u. szl
 THOMAS A Mils. IU mnn Cm
 «fa. UMni ZjTfc, STlxil
 ■4talcs, to wturns aM romninni. ilium mast be el*
 dressed Pom Paid.
 A f?eJ C ni Vmkoa William »i.
 E h TnuU Rochemsr,
 2; 1 A feat, for LVveland Ohm,
 Fey k Kiffboane, i’ohimbas,
 |j*LT. MiSjDSfaSCwi 1
 IL Bfecksfey, and Co., fit. Lotus Mo.
 And fertile by mom of rim priaeipaJ Okmnm,
 dwooihom ths Uaitsd (Nan.
 THOMAS A MILL#, MR Mate
