Communications.
Roe west K«, Jan. 6, 1848.
 Frcofrice Douoi.aw Dear Sir: A
 good name ta better than precious ointment
 and when one await* it without just cause o
 provocation, be does me harm, and himself m
 good, hot moat, from the nature of the ease
 do harm to himself also. I consider you
 attack under the proceedings of the Westen
 New York Anti-Slavery Society opon me
 uncalled for, unkind, unchristian, and untrue
 and as your paper professes to be the organ a
 the Western N. Y. Anti-Slavery Society,
 and to give an impartial history of its pro
 ceedings; 1 call upon you to recall what you
 have said, in as public a manner as you gave
 publicity to my name in the article referred to,
 or have the matter referred to the Executive
 Committee for their decision, and then publish
 their proceedings, and I will be satisfied but
 as things are, I am unwilling to rest under
 the imputation.
 Yours for the right and freedom of all,
 H. BUSH.
 H 3» We should like to know what part of
 our remarks on the Annual Meeting of the
 Western New York Anti-Slavery Society
 Mr. Bush would have us retract. If he will
 point out a line of the article of which he
 complains not strictly true, we shall not need
 to be asked to retract, but will do so with all
 promptitude and pleasure.— f. d.
 38, West Broadway, New York,
 January sth, 1848.
 Frederick Douglass We have just had
 a hard-fought battle with a certain negro
 hunting villain, named John Lee, of Fred
 erick county, Md., who came on here with a
 determination to kidnap and carry off two
 innocent colored voung men upon whom he
 had fixed his covetous eye. Accordingly, on
 the 20th nit., at half past eight o’clock in the
 morning, and while Joseph Belt was walking
 peaceably through Duane street, two white
 rascals in the employ of Lee, for that purpose,
 came upon him, and without warrant, or any
 thing in the shape of legal process, arrasted
 him on pietenee that he had stolen a coat.—
 Having got him in their clutches, they carried
 him in a coach to a hotel in Broadway, where
 ihe said John Lee first made his appearance,
 and on seeing Belt, said, I will pay you for
 all this.”
 Subsequently, the young man thus kid
 napped, in open day, was taken to Long
 Island, where he was found on Thursday
 night. He was brought before Judge Ed
 monds on Friday, the 22d ult., and after sev
 eral days’ delay,was discharged on the ground
 of illegal arrest in the first place, and in the
 second place on the ground of the absence ol
 proof that the laws of Maryland sanction sla
 very. The Judge held that he was not bound
 to take it for granted that because slavery ex
 ists in Maryland, therefore it is sanctioned by
 her laws, nor that he is bound to believe that
 a certain volume which Mr. Lee’s counsel
 held in his hand, purporting to contain the
 laws of Maryland, were published by the au
 thority of the State.
 I am told that John Lee represents an asso
 ciation of slaveholders, who have resolved to
 join their purses together, for the purpose of
 lesling the strength of the Constitution and
 laws of Congress on the recovery of fugi
 tives. I believe it is generally understood
 here, that had not Lee's counsel committed
 the two errors above stated, or rather Lee one
 and his counsel the other, they would have
 taken Belt away upon purely Constitutional
 grounds. Mighty God—what a government!
 These Maryland scamps must be met and
 conquered. What do you say to forming a
 Maryland society at the North 1
 Yours, in haste,
 J. W. PENNINGTON.
 Buffalo, Jan. 6, 1849.
 Messrs Editors :—Being convinced by
 the liberal spirit which has ever characterized
 your valuable paper, of your willingness at
 all times to contribute to the cause of human
 ity, 1 have thought it not amiss to transmit to
 you a brief sketch of a series of spirited anti
 slavery meetings which have been held in our
 city during the present week.
 Henry Bibb, a fugitive slave—one that has
 endured the most cruel suffering—one that
 has been deprived of every right guaranteed
 man by the Author of his existence, and de
 spite the Ged that made him, has been mana
 cled, and driven far worse than the beasts of
 burden. This distinguished fugitive (for
 well may one be said to be distinguished who,
 having undergone suen severe trials and per
 secutions, yet remains a roan, to plead in be
 half his brethren still in bonds,) has for some
 four or five evenings past been deeply inter
 esting the citizens of Buffalo in a course ol
 lectures at the Pearl street Church, (formerly
 Dr. Lord’s,) upon the subject of American
 slavery, and by giving a nariative of his life.
 His lectures commenced on Sunday evening,
 and closed on Thursday evening, having sev
 erally been well attended.
 He gave a thrilling and interesting narrative
 of his life, during twenty-five years’ experi
 ence of the most cruel and heart-rending
 bondage. His lectures were of a nature
 highly entertaining and instructive, and most
 deeply elicited the sympathy of the gieater
 portion of his audience. It may not be amiss
 to state that a large portion of his audience
 was composed of the most respectable of our
 white citizens, sod many who hive hitherto
 manifested but little interest in the cause of
 human freedom.
 The use of ihe church was gratuitously
 given by Mr. R. B. Heacock, the proprietor,
 who promptly attended each meeting, and ex
 pressed an unbounded degree of sympathy
 with ihe proceedings.
 A t ihe close of the meeting, the follow
 ing resolutions were offered and unanimously
 adopted
 hereas, the citizens of Buffalo have for
 *ome evenings past been deeply interested and
 instructed by the lectures of Henry Bibb
 upon the subject of American Slavery, and
 hearing the narrative of his life; and where
 as, we understand that he is preparing his
 narrative for publication, and believing as we
 do that it will be a work well calculate to
 advance the cause of human freedom, and put
 to blush the apologists fer American slavery
 Therefore,
 Resolved, That we baspeak for him every
 encouragement, and bid him God-speed in his
 laudable undertaking.
 Resolved, That as a token of our apprecia
 tion of so valuable a work, (should it be pub
 lished,) containing, as it will, a complete
 history of hia life during twenty-five years’
 experience in slavery, we pledge ourselves to
 become eubecnbeie thereto, and also to use
til proper metM to have iladradtUM wiArlj
 extended wherever oar influence amj reach.
 After appropriate staging, the meeting dis
 persed, letting to impression long to be re
 membered.
 Mr. Bibb trill doubtlem before long be in
 your eiiy. GEORGE WEIR, J«.
Buffalo, Jto. 5,1840.
 John Dick, Sir:—Os the 18th of December
 —a time which may joetly be termed the
 closing up of boai neat, the tumiop point of
 our commercial relatione, until the genial ray*
 of the returning spring ton shall unlock the
 surface of our inland eea, and permit the
 canraa and flags of oar boosted nil craft to
 ware majestically over the length and breadth
 of her mighty waters unobstructed, myself
 and lady, at one o’clock, left the Depot of the
 Eastern Railroad for Rochester, for the pur
 pose of attending the Anti-Slavery Fair and
 Annual Meeting of the Western New York
 Anti-Slavery Society. .After a pleasant but
 slow ride of nearly six hours, we found our
 selves cordially greeted by and comfortably
 provided for under the roof of our esteemed
 friends, F. Douglass and lady, whom we
 shall ever hold in giateful remembrance for
 their hospitality throngbout our sojourn in
 your city.
 I could not help contrasting the present
 position and opportunities of usefulness of that
 man who only a few years since was a poor
 slave in Maryland and seeing in him s living
 evidence of an equal susceptibility on the-part
 of the colored people to attain all the higher
 degrees of intelligence: and further, that the
 assertion of our inferiority was a perfect libel
 upon our character, the doctrines contained in
 the model menage of Gov. Smith, of Vir
 ginia to the contrary notwithstanding. Long
 may our friend Douglass live to do battle with
 our opponents!
 But to the Fair. The display of articles
 was large, tasty, and demonstrably set forth
 the skill and perfection to which the ladies
 have brought the use of the needle. It con
 fers gTeat credit upon the Anti-Slavery ladies
 of Western New York, as well as the ladies
 of Europe, for their kind liberality and mani
 fest interest in behalf of the slave. Injus
 tice to the ladies of England, I may observe,
 that had it not been for the large amount of
 contributions fiom the Old World, the display,
 in some measure, would have been shorn of
 its beauty.
 The meetings of the Society, on account
 of the inclemency of the weather, were not as
 large as I should like to have seen—neverthe
 less, they were significant of the spirit of that
 old fashioned abolitionism which makes the
 pure heart glad. Ah, if the identity of feel
 ing and honesty of purpose'there manifested,
 were carried out by professed abolitionists
 generally, my word for it, we should soon Bee
 a radical change. The blood-guiltiness of this
 nation in regard to slavery would melt away
 under their scathing rebuke and expositions of
 hypocrisy and crime.
 Yours, in behalf of the oppressed,
 A. H. FRANCIS.
 [Our friend will see that a considerable por
 tion of his letter is omitted. The modesty of
 the editor would not permit of his publishing
 that part of it which referred to himself. For
 what is published, the responsibility rests on
 my shoulders.— j. d.J
From oar own Correspondent.
 London, Dec. 7, 1848.
 In the French news, there is but little
 novelty at the present time. The Presidential
 election contest (to be decided on the lOtb
 inst.) occupies the minds of all, and innu
 merable are the speculations as to its probable
 termination. Cavaignac has had a complete
 triumph lately in the National Assembly.—
 Grave charges were brought against him
 there by M. St. Hilaire, M. Gamier Page,
 and M. Ledru Rollin, retpecting his conduct
 in the June insurrection. He met his adver
 saries face to face, replying to each of their
 accusations most satisfactorily, and with great
 calmness and moderation. Thus far, he may
 be said to have entirely confounded his foes.—
 A vote of confidence was passed by the As
 sembly almost unanimously in his favor; and
 it seems probable that the very measure that
 was designed to crush his Presidential pros
 pects, may tend to their realization; but all is
 uncertain. The Paris correspondent of a
 daily paper says: Every moment opinion!
 I change here.” Prince Louis Napoleon baa
 published a discreet and carefully written ad
 j dress to his fellow-citizens, which has been
 received with approbation. His popularity
 continues, and his hotel is surrounded by large
 assemblages of people, who wait to witness
 his arrival or departure. Democratic ban
 quets continue to be held, and’are principally
 distinguished by the violence and sedition
 evinced in the speeches there made.
 The minds of the French people are just
 now a good deal taken up with His Holiness
 the Pope, who, together with his Cardinals,
 has fled from the Capital. Rome is in a Mate
 of complete insurrection, and the populace
 alone now reign and rule there. Before the
 news of the Pope's flight reached Pans, Gen.
 Cavaignac informed the National Assembly
 that four steam frigates, conveying three
 thousand five hundred men, bad been die.
 patched by the government to Civita Vecchia
 to bia assistance. The Pope, however, de
 parted secretly from Rome on the 84th inst.
 At first, it was asserted that he had taken
 refuge in France. Operations were raak ng
 there to do him homage. The rejoicings of
 this volatile and fickle people were, in this
 instance, somewhat premature, as a tele
 graphic dispatch has since announced the
 Pope’s arrival at Malta, where it seems prob
 able he may await to avail himself of any
 favorable change which may be made in hia
 favor. Some terrible assassinations have
 taken place in Rome. The Pope’s Private
 Secretary, Cardinal Palma, and his friend,
 Count Roaro, have fallen victims to the fury
 of the populace.
 These stirring and extraordinary events
 will cause the question to arise in the minds
 of many, Will Pius the dih be the last Sov
 ereign of Rome! As the Democrats have
 all iu their own power, we shall watch with
 no little curiosity the formation of the new
 government of the Roman States. It yet
 remains to be seso how r*a the people there
 are prepend for popular liberty.
 Vienna, for the present, remains quiet.—
 The new Austrian Diet baa opened its strings
 st Krewsier. The session la expected to be
 stormy. WiodiaohfTMi »on the eve of de
 parture for Hungary, to pursue the war
ibe re. Bo rtjaM Antoni of Berta
 at the tcmuostioo of the Viennese i*»orree
 tion, that be hat bestowed on the virtorioea
 commander*, the Ban JHBichieli and Prim
 Windiachfrats, signal marks of his favor—
 presenting the Prince with the graedcross of
 the order of St. Andrew, and investing the
 800 of Austria a* a Knight of the order of
 Bt. Wsldemar. Autograph letters from the
 Emperor accompany these distinguished hon
 ors, and are writ tea in the moat congratula
 tory manner. Berlin remains in a state of
 siege. The Prussian Ministry hate kept to
 the resolution of assembling the Parliament at
 Brandenburg, but have not, as yet, been aide
 to form a house.
 The Vicetoy of Egypt, Ibrahim Pacha, is
 dead; This extraordinary man held the reigns
 of government in Egypt little more than two
 months, having been nominated to the Pacha
 ship, in ti*e room of bis hither, Mebemet Ali,
 l on the Ist of Sept. last. Ibrahim was in the
 j 59th year of his age. His health had kmg
 been declining, and be sank under an accumu
 lation of disorders. Abbas Pacha, his nephew,
 succeeds him. The latter has been foi many
 years Governor of Cairo. He is a strict Ma
 bomedan, and “on thie account” it is said,
 the natives are glad of bis accession. He has
 had but little intercourse with Europeans, but
 it is thought he will be favorably inclined,
 towards the English, as they have already
 had the opportunity of showing him some
 courtesy.
 December 14th.
 My letter has been delayed a week hy the
 alteration in the time of the American mail
 leaving so 1 shall briefly communicate the
 recently received news.
 The result of the election for the Presi
 dency of the French Republic, though not
 definitively known, is no longer matter of the
 slightest doubt. Prince Louis Napoleon Bo
 naparte, son of a king—supposed heir (ac
 cording to the received principle of hereditary
 succession) of the great Emperor, whose
 avowed maxim was, Everything for the
 people, nothing by them”—is the man whom
 of all others, Republican France selects as the
 most appropriate e mbodiment of itself. For
 every two votes Cavaignac has received, (ac
 cording to the returns as yet promulgated,)
 the Prince has received more than five.—
 The funds which, in anticipation of his elec
 tion by a small majority, fell three quarters
 per cent., have, since the certainty of a tri
 umphant majority, risen three per cent.—
 Cavaignac has issued, as the Chief of the
 Government, a maniy and sensible proclama
 tion, announcing explicitly his intention to
 bow to the will of the people, let their choice
 fall on whom it might. Although the people
 are in an excited state, the only men of whom
 real apprehension is entertained, are the Red
 Republicans, constituting a small minority.—
 In Paris, where they most abound, their can
 i didates (Ledru Rollin and Raspail) have
 polled upwards of thirty thousand votes—a
 1 proportion of about one in eight. The worst
 of it is, a dread certainty that that man is
 ready to fight, and that rather more like a
 demon than aught of earth. Whereas, of the
 seven respectable men, not devotees of Com
 munism, probably five are still more abhorrent
 of combatistrij and the remaining two fight
 in a steady, respectable, old-fashioned way.—
 This calculation (not a very inaccurate one)
 gives a tolerable chance for the red demon—
 not of his succeeding, but of his doing terrible
 mischief. No one can foresee with any cer
 tainty, the events of a week, but one may
 hazard a conjecture or two. Louis Napoleon
 made two attempts avowedly for the Empire,
 when Louis Philippe sat on the throne. Can
 any one, with a giain of sense in his head,
 imagine that the events of the 24th of Feb
 ruary have converted him into a prince Re-,
 publican? Visions of the frontiers of the
 Rhine, are too likely to co-exist in his mind
 with that idea of empire he has never lost.—
 A war once began, what prestige conld be
 greater than that of Napoleon 2d, Emperor of
 the French, at the head of the army? Tal
 ents he must have to assume this position, but
 the strong tide that has now set in may carry
 him far on his way. Far greater talents will
 be necessary for Napoleon Bonaparte to gov
 j ern the French nation, than to lead the French
 armies.
 The recent European experiments in uni
 versal suffrage, have not certainly impressed
 us English with the validity of the great ad
 vantages the system is said to possess. Mis
 erable incompetency has been but too visible
 n the majority of the Austrian and German
 deputies. The central German Assembly has
 been but little better. Of course, every think
 ing man must coincide that the experiment
 has been made under great disadvantages;
 but making the most liberal allowance for
 1 such, one would have hoped foi better results.
 The Emperor, Ferdinand of Austria, sickly
 i in body and weak in mind, has wisely abdi
 cated in favor of his nephew, Francis Joseph
 the first, that Prioce's father having resigned
 bis claim tq the many cares that grace the
 brow of an Austrian monarch. The latest
 j advices notice rumors that Hungary has ac
 cepted the abdication of her one king, but has
 alienated henelf from the other sought to be
 imposed upon her, and proclaimed herself s
 Republic. A war of more than ordinary fe
 rocity, in which all officers, on both sides, are
 shot as soon at taken piisoners, has com
 menced. Prince Windischgtatz retains the
 command of the Imperial troops, against
 Lewis Kossuth, the leader of the insurgent
 maqyars- The contest (which you will re
 member I long ago predicted) is essentially
 one of race, and although developed and pie
 dpitated by the recent liberal movements, has
 not, in its origin, the slightest affinity with
 them. It is more than probable that the Gear
 of Russia will be the ultimate arbiter of the
 contest. The King of Prussia has dissolved
 his luckless Assembly, and granted a Consti
 union of a very liberal tendency. Time wil
 ■bow whether it is an efficient one.
 i A great revolution is silently preparing in
 i that moat enigmatical of countries, Spain.—
 Partisan warfare, eoodoeted with great talent,
 i under a well organised system, is paralysing
 i all the efforts of the exiting government.—
 r Several of the Rad Cariist Generals are lead-
 I mg the daily increasing insurgents. A regu
 i Ur system (one aright almost say) of taxatioa
 is enforced in many of the provinces, in hahnlf
 of tho Carbct hoods, op to tho vory gates of
 i tho fbrtiftod towns, sad has entirely snpor
 reded tho extottiooste contributions which
 formerly rendered tho Csrfist eoaso so effiooo
 t pa. Sack uppanoots as aw takoo frisaosre,
instead of being memiea.lT abet dove,
 fimntj, ate treated ordinary prisimsn
 war. The braid t ioleoce of Narraw hai
 'made him many enemies ia thecapitalj ad
 a rapture of a penoaai nature with tbe Qoees
 berself, baa threatened! to pet an end to bit
 much-abused power. As for as I can tee,
 events are aloirhr tending to tbe ejection oi
 tbe present Queen, and the estalhshmeut oi
 tbe Count of Mootemotin (tbe woo of Doe
 Carton) oo tbe throne; for it most be long
 before Spain can become a Republic.
 The Pope of Rome baa, it appears, taken
 refuge at Garta, in tbe dominions of tbe King
 of Naples, having strenuously resisted that
 monarch’s invitation to proceed to his capital.
 He has issued a rescript, annulling tbe pro
 ceedings of tbe Roman Assembly during bis
 absence, tbe authority of which they refuse to
 acknowledge, oo tbe ground that tbe doen
 meot ia not countersigned by any responsible
 minister. S. P. Q. R.
 The CHBosoTTrs thus kindly notices tbe
 completion of tbe first volume of tbe North
 Staith
 The Nobth Stas.—Frederick Douglass,
 tbe fugitive slave, has completed the first vol
 ume of tbe North Star, in a style of which
 any editor might well be prond. He origi
 nated the idea in England, where tbe friends
 of the slave raised about $2,000 to aid him in
 the purpose. With this very inadequate sum
 for a colored man, in tbe cause of colored
 men, against the advice of his most influential
 friends, he commenced the undertaking,
 pledging himself to his subscribers that his
 paper should live a year. He has nobly re
 deemed his pledge, and it must have been with
 great labor. No paper of more decided abil
 itv, dignity and spiiit comes to our table, and
 this though it must have a comparatively lim
 ited circulation, and though the editor has
 been often obliged to travel and lecture. His
 labor, though it may not have paid in cash,
 has by no means been lost. His weighty
 editorials have circulated widely in tbe col
 umns of other papers, and he has demonstrat
 ed the slander which lies at the foundation of
 slavery.
 Postal Treaty Between Great Britain
 and tbe Uaited States.
 Details or the Arrangement The
 following letter from our Washington corres
 pondent, furnishes us with the details of the
 Postal Treaty just concluded with Eogland,
 a copy of which was brought over by the
 Europa: [Baltimore Sun.
 Washington, Jan. 3, 1949.
 The Postal Treaty with England has not
 yet reached the Post Office Department, but a
 copy of it was handed to the Postmaster Gen
 eral through the politeness of Mr. Crumpton,
 British Charge d' Affaires ad interim.
 Its principal stipulations are probably the
 following:
 Postage across the sea- 16 cents
 English inland postage 3-
 United States inland postage 5-
 The sea postage paid to the vessel perform
 ing the service.
 Transit rate through this country to Canada
 5 cents. And 25 per cent for paying by the
 ounce, instead of paying by letter.
 Transit through England, the inland postage
 25 per cent. Transit through Canada, the
 Canadian rates.
 Newspapers between England and the
 United States, and vice versa 2 cents.
 Periodicals weighing 2 ounces, 1 penny or
 2 cents over 2 oz. and under 3 do pence or
 12 cents over 3 oz. and under 6 do. 8 pence
 or 16 cents. And 2 pence, or 4 cents, for
 sach ounce or fraction.
 More Precious Metal. —Accounts from
 Australia state that very rich mines of lead
 tnd silver have been discovered near Port
 Adelaide in that country. f
 Fugitive Slaves.—Mr. Faulkner in the
 Virginia Legislature is urging the importance
 of some determined action on the part of the
 State, in regard to fugitive slaves. He says
 he slave population in some sections of the
 State is rapidly thinning out, especially since
 he recent legislation of Pennsylvania, pro
 jlaiming protection to all who cross her
 oorders. He estimates the yearly loss of the
 State, through the connivance of the laws of
 he neighboring States at 90,000.
 South Carolina Legislature.—ln the
 Senate, on the 2d inst., the following resolu
 tion was introduced and referred to the Com
 mittee on Federal Relations:
 Resolved, That it is unnecessary and un
 salled for at this time, to commit the State
 of South Carolina to aify particular course
 of action in relation to the Wilmot Proviso,
 or the passage by Congress of any act
 probiting the introduction of slavery into
 any territory South of the Missouri Compro
 mise line.
 An Election Fight.—The New Orleans
 Picayune of the Bth says,— We regret to
 state that a terrible fight took place about two
 o’clock vesterday afternoon, at the poll of tbe
 Second Ward, Third Municipality, in which
 two men were killed, and another so badly
 stabbed that he is not expected to live. The
 origin of the fray we will not attempt to give,
 as we have heard a hundred different stories
 regarding it. We hope, however, that the
 persons commencing the row may be brought
 to justice.*
 .Thomas Wynn, of Moniteau county, Mo.,
 killed his brother Nat Wynn.
 The learned Slave. —Rev. H. W. Ellis,
 the learned slave liberated by subscriptions in
 the Presbyterian Synod of Louisiana and
 Alabama, has commenced his labots in Africa
 with great zeal. He is studying the language
 of two wild tribes, in order to preach to them
 in their own tongue. He saye that the
 Mandingoes claim him for their countryman,
 because bis grand lather was born in Africa,
 This tribe are Mahomedan, and some of then
 priests aie intelligent, being capable of read
 ing Hebrew, when written in the Arabic
 character.
 Another Compromise Contemplated.—
 A despatch to tbe New York Herald, dated
 Waabiogtun, Dec-16, sayt:—
 There is s proposition in circulation—result
 ing, probably, from the belief of Southern
 statesmen that s settlement of tbe slaveij
 question, m connection with the new ter
 ritories, cannot bo effected in any other waj
 that a meeting of members of Congress be
 called, for the purpose of forming a unioc
 upon come middle ground,*’ or compromise
 ofthe difference euatiog in regard to tht
 establishment of slavery in New Mexico and
 California, or its exclusion therefrom.
 Abduction Cases nr Maryland.—ln Tal
 bot County Court, last week, negro Bel
 Thom-, tak»r« w*. H Gotr,
 tried and convicted of entaang and aasmtto|
 four slaves to ran away- He was reotoarw
 to fiAero years and wx months labor is tbs
 penitentiary- la the s«e court, James E
 Work was convicted of abducting two slaves
 Yhe other three indictments against boa, fat
 slaves, were reatmved to Qoeea
 Court- The fi—ermdktmesu
 umnstCant- Body, for the mmm cause, wen
 Mmored to Queen Ana’s.—PWs- Re
 fakbe.
 Keep coal whan you see a man si pu
 urnTTif you get "to passim yourself jam
 cannot charge him with folly.
 correspondents"
 M- A- T-. flisnsi Rsmrrad. Hamm
 8- J- M», Ramson—Rosstvad and msdhsd»
 Hmms Wihos, Dsws —i ft* Ins for thh
Commerr ittl
iMinm. 3mm. It, MMI
 Wtbttf.p.d -pply
 far farmers hrmgrag
 heir pork. Therein* ll im*
 ran 94 7fttTs&amp;
 •nr aim hi-Mw ware wade jiWnffiy at *k
 V"*- FW l&amp;Hy w. Wkahai«|ni«
 •%aiMrbay. Bmmriepkatym l»14c.
 ■ad Haw sell at Tc Sfaealdw* at Je
Mrlnlßf Wkaicttlt Wwt Cirreit,
 H OUR Amo MEAL—Duty Itfcidnl
 fw,r»&gt;w
 C«n« acal, f bdh §0
 PROVISION'S.— Dutv;Beef,Pork,Ham*, Barra,
 Butler rad Lard, Bf t CW Bfeadnl
 Bark, (am) 18 89
 Do. in bog 400 0 4 50
 Beef, curt. 318 488
 Do. bid. (am) 7 80 880
 Lard (tried) 0-8
 Do. (kaf,) 8
 Haw, (snaked) 70.. 8
 Shoulders, do 80 0
 Turkeys PB ..0
 Chickens ..8
 Potatoes, bask 44 0
 GRAIN—Duty; 18 p e ad ral
 Wheat, bora 1 08
 Cora 80 0 83
 Rve 8. 50
 Oats 26 27
 Barley 80
 HIDES—Doty; Spcadral
 3
 Sheep Pehs 11l 0 18
 jSEEDS —Duty; Linseed lft Fc; Mustard 10 p
 1 cad val
 Closer
 Timothy 125 ffi
 Flax 1 00
 FlSH—Duty on foreign caagkt; 20 pc ad sal
 Whitefish bid 7 00
 Codfish cwt 3 50
 SUNDRIES—
 Salt, p bbl 1 *25
 Apples, p bush .00
 Do. dried 0 75
 Eggs, p doz 10
 Beans, p bush 75 1 00
 Hay, p ton 10 00
 Hard wood
 Soft Wood
JOB PRINTING.
 THE NORTH STAR OFFICE, is furnished
 with new Job Type, for the execution of cscry
 description of Printing with neatness and despatch,
 at the lowest prices for cash, six:
 Hand-bills, Blanks, Bill-beads,
 Programmes, Circulars, Bills of Lading,
 Pamphlets, Cards, Labels, Ac.
Narrative of the life of feeder
 ICK DOUGLASS, written by himself, to be
 had at this office, price 90 cents.
Open to the Public, from 9, A.M. to 8 P.M.
 The anti-slavery office and read
 ing ROOM, No. 26, Buffalo Street. The
 Room is neatly furnished, and the tables filled with
 some of the best Anti-Slavery, Temperance, Reli
 gions, Political and Literary Papers.
WAIT J. LFVVIS, Land Surveyor, Keene, Essex
 County, N. Y. Owners of Land in the Coun
 ties of Essex, Franklin, or Hamilton, can have their
 Lands Surveyed on reasonable terms.
Cash Grocery and Provision Store.
 No. 133, Main street, corner of North street.
 JUST reecived a full assortment of new choice
 Groceries:
 15 hhds. sugar of various qualities
 16 bbls Stuar’ts crushed and coffee sugar
 8 hhds Molasses
 Stuart's syrup, a beautiful article for table use
 16 chests imperial Old Hyson and Young Hyson,
 and Black Teas of superior quality.
 I have as choice a lot of Teas as can be found in
 the city; pure fragrant Old Hyson, superior fresh
 selected Young Hyson, and extra Mack. Evert/
 pound told will be warranted.
 Rice, Raisins, Fiuit, Spices, and a variety of
 miscellaneous articles, too numerous to mention.
 Pork, Lard, and Hams,
 Codfish, Mackerel, Ac. Ac.
 My prices shall be as low as at any establishment
 in the city, as I purchase at the lowest rates i n the
 Eastern market, and sell for cash. Farmers, city
 families, and dealers are invited to call, examine
 and purchase, if they can make their |iurcbases mu
 tually advantageous, as I trust they can.
 G. B. STEBBINS.
 Rochester, Dec. 1,1848. 3m49
Free Labor Groceries.
 IHAVE just received, and shall keep constantly
 on hand, a good assortment of
 Brown and White Sugars,
 Molasses, Rice, and Coffee,
 All the products of Free Labor. Those in want of
 such goods are invited to purchase, and can be as
 sured of the genuineness of the articles.
 G. B. STEBBINS,
 188, Main, corner of North street.
 Rochester, Dec. 1,1848. 3m49
 CHARLES JONFS, North Star House, No. 26,
 North Street, between Fifth and Sixth, and
 Market and Arch streets, Philadelphia.
 Strangers visiting the city will And the North
 Star House the most central, convenient and com
 fortable House in Philadelphia.
 Philadelphia, Dec. 1,1&amp;48. 3r049
New H atch aid Jewelry Store.
 JOHN KEDZIE having changed his partnership
 relations, has removed his Shop two dbors
 North to No. 11, State Street, where be ia prepared
 successfully to compete in the sale of an entire new
 Stock of Goods, consisting of Gold and Silver
 English, Anchor, Horizontal and Vertical Watches,
 Gold Guard and Fob Chains, Gold Seals and Keys,
 Gold and Silver Pencils, Spectacles and Thimbles,
 Gold Ear-Rings, Bracelets, and Finger-Rings—a
 good assortment, cheap; a variety of Ladiesand
 Gentlemen’s Breast-Pins, new style; doable and
 single Hunting gold and plated Lonets, Gold Pens,
 best quality, Silver and Shell Combs and Cues,
 Fine Cudrry, lie. Ac.
 The above and a variety of other desirable Goods
 usually kept in our business, are offered on more ad
 vantageous terms than usual; and it is particularly
 desired that the goods should be examined, and
 prices ascertained, before purchasing elsewhere in
 this market.
 We manafartorc and keep on hand a good assort
 ment of Bilvcr Spoons, warranted as pare as Ame
 ricas com.
 Will also keep an asnsrtsaent of Accordance and
 other Musical Inst rum cats, which will he sold very
 low.
 We intend to hoop a food mart ■mi of the beat
 Brass Eight-day, 80 hoar, sad ah rum Clucks, as can
 be frond m this city—CaU aad see them.
 WATCH REPAIRING, fcttfafeliy done aad war
 ranted by aa experienced workman.
 Farther partirolari at No. 11 State Sheet.
 J. KEDZIE fr Co-
 P. B.—To the Farmers ia particukr we weald
 give notice, that we have a variety of Rasa—tare
 which wiß give da* knowledge af the changes ef the
 weather, seas to ha able to adopt his b miasm to ha
 variations. Phase call and nr*n**r them, aa every
 “iTS,W to &lt;m.
AUBURN aai ROCHESTER
 RAIL-ROAD
 Eivtwabd.—To have Birbafrir at 4 II
 *.*.,aad4ir.s.
 Westwakd.—To have Adbora at Si 4
 0.5., aad 4| M.
 No Tram laa— Beebe** Eastward vo Saaday
 ai 11 a. w.or at ?i r.a.
 NaTnia leaves Aabnra Westward aaSaadpy, at I
 4| a-*-, aa Mnadai at 24 a.*.
 Oe aad sfrar the Ist November, the free between i
 Rochester aad Aafaare wflh fJ* ia frit darn
 earn. Tkfcats wfllnho be said centime the haldar
 to a seat is the Eaugnat eari Imviag Esehaatar at
 H r. a., atjedaood proas, le he paMiahsd hmeaf
 WR. WlLEY,Sopermwadeat.
 Kesha—, Oct, SB, 1848.
litr-Cvtstaf aai Bvsntog at
-ROOKS, Ar .ForSelsat A9Tt-Bl.av»»T
 D Orrtct A IlsMit Room, No. 28
 Ranrai tliii ty rapraim At Arcade:
 jloiahs of Frederick PUngkss
 u Jewatlmo fftktv.
 Portrait a
 Shravy ilustrrad by to at fees ra We—.
 Abo a rich variety of Fan aod modal ratiefcs
 trade by the Ladies* Aatt-Skrecrjr Society.
DR. A. f-l-AMM,
 DENTAL BURGEON.
 T would respectfully inform the ritiaeos of Rochester
 iaad lunrraralira drain. Amt I have naravtd mn
 office from No. 99 Smith's Aiqpde to ray ihreftraj
 boose No. 92 Maoroc Street.
 Ihnakfal far post favors ia dm Kan of ray prefae
 •ira.aad flonenag myralf that I era give perfect
 satisfaction ra aB who assy favor am with their pa
 tronage. I would iavita aU Amea who ate de
 acons ofhaviag operations performed ra Am teediar
 af having teeth inserted to caß oa me and satisfy
 themselves.
 A. CLARK.
 N. B. AU natrstiira aerfarated fay ran ra dm
 teeth and Pbie Work warranted.
 Rochester, Oct. 13,1848. tf.
sew roar nntlt.
 TIE suhacriher takes this saetbod to infarm the
 chiaens of Rochester aad vicinity, thnt he has
 jrat established a Pump Factory, at* aaraber 214,
 Main street, where ha will he happy to wait apoa ail
 who may favor him with their patronage.
 Having had considerable experience ia hie fine of
 business, he pledgee himself to faraiah as good an
 article, aad of as good material, ae era ha procured
 at aay other similar establishment ia this city. His
 Pumps are furnished with either wood or lead pipe,
 as amy suit customers. He aim sasppUes, to order,
 every description of Aqueduct Logs, or Lend Pipe.
 The subscriber will take pleasure in directing such
 of Ira customers os may remora the information, to
 competent workmen, who will attend to all calls far j
 digging, drilling, or blasting wells, prmaptly, and at
 reasonable rates. AU kinds of Poops repaired to
 order.
 QC9» The above work trill be furnished at the
 lowest prices, far cash. Persona will do weU to
 give him a call before purchasing elsewhere.
 *J. R. FELT.
 Rochester, Jaly 14,1848. 1y29
New aid Becii4-Hii(i Cltthiig,
 At 48, Exchange Street, Rochester.
 LLOYD SCOTT would moot respectfully inform
 his friends and the Public generally, that he has
 constantly on hand an excellent assortment of New
 and Second Hand Clothing, such as Coats, Panta
 loons, Vests, Ac., with which be will supply
 Customers at the most reasonable Prices.
 L. S. desires also to inform the Public, that he
 attends to repairing and renovating, which he war
 rants to be done at the cheapest rate, and iu the
 best aud neatest possible manner. His long experi
 ence in the business warrants him in assuring all
 who may patronise him, that his work shall be done
 to their entire satisfaction.
 Rochester, July 14,1848.
TRUNKS! TRUNKS!
 THE first quality of article ia to be had at LAING
 A BONN ELL’S new Establishment, No. 68,
 Sute Street, Rochester. Also a general assort
 ment of Valises, Travelling Bags, Ac., which are
 offered at the very lowest prices for Cash.
 Carriage Trimming executed in tfie latest style
 and with dirpatch, by J. T. Laing, at his old stand
 in State Street, opposite the Mausion House.
 i. T. L. having had extensive experience ia the
 Eastern markets, hopes to give satisfaction to a
 generous public who snail favor him with their pa
 tronage.
 Rochester, July 14,1848. 3m
F)ST AND WILLIS, Dealers in Drags, Medi
 cines, Chemicals, Dye Stuffs, Paints, Varnish,
 Oik, Glassware, Brushes, Perfumer}', Daguerreotype
 Stock, French and German Chemicals, Artists*
 Colors, Brushes and Canvass, Etherial Oil, Gold
 Leaf and Foil, Ac. Ac.
 Being Agents for most of the celebrated Family
 and valuable Patent Medicines, and receiving the
 same directly from the Manufacturers or their Agents,
 they are enabled to supply all'orders at wtiolesale
 and retail, on the most favorable terms.
 Homoeopathic Books, Medicines, and Family
 Cases, with full directions. Only agents for West
 ern New York.
 Also, Sherwood’s Vibratory Magnetic Machines,
 with directions.
 Phosgene Gas; also Etherial Oil and Lamps, for
 burning the same. Those who would consult eco
 nomy and convenience are invited to examine these
 Lamps. The attention of Country Merchants, Phy
 sicians, Families, and others, wishing goods in the
 above line, is requested at the APOTHECARIES*
 HALL, 4, Exchange Street.
FUR AND SILK HATS.
 FARRINGTON PRICE, manufacturer and
 dealer in Fur and Silk Hats, Cloth and Fur
 Caps, Ladies’ Furs and Trimmings, Buffalo Robes
 and an assortment of Hat Cases, Umbrellas, tic.,
 Ac. lie., No. 2, Bt. Paul Street, Minerva Block.
 Od" A usual supply of Buckskin Gloves and
 Mittens.
ROCHESTER SHOE AND LEATHER
 JOBBING HOUSE.
 r PHE subscribers at No. 22 State street, take plea
 -1 sure io announcing to the public that they nave
 completed arrangements by which they are enabled
 to offer the most satisfactory inducements to all en
 gaged in the sale or manufacture of Boots and Shoes,
 to come to this market (or a supply.
 They are also offering on the most favorable terms,
 a large stock of Sole and Upper Leather, Kip, Calf,
 and Morocco Skirts, with a full assortment of Find
 ing, including Lasts, Pegs, Ac. Dealers will find it
 greatly to their interest to examine oar stock before
 purchasing elsewhere.
 jylO SAGE A PANCOST.
PRINTING PAPR AGENCY.
 WE are Agents for the Buffalo Paper Mills,
 where Paper of the best quality is made from
 pore spring water, very white and smooth. A am
 ply of News and Book Paper kept constantly for
 sale by ns, at Mill prices, in large or small lots.
 Any size and quality of Paper not oa hand, fur
 nished at short notice.
 Printers and others will do well to call and exam
 ine the quality aad price, at No. 6 Exchange st.
 FISHER A Co.
 jv2l Booksellers and Publishers.
BOSTON ADVERTISEMENTS.
NEW BOOKS.
 FIR. SALE at the Anti-Slavery Depository, 21,
 Cnmbill namely.
 The Liberty Bell for^B4B. A few copies remain.
 Life of William W. Brown, 2d Edition, with addi
 tional matter and new engravings. Prim, booed,
 871 cu; ia paper covert, 28 eta.
 Mr. Sbackfeed’s Appeal ia regard to the War with
 Mexico, 121 eta.
 Position and Doties of the North, with regard to
 Slavery. By Andrew P. Peabody. 8 eta.
 Six Months at Graefcaberg. By Henry C. Wright.
 Dick Grovaragahicid, the assassin, aad Zachary
 Taylor, the Soldier; the Difference between
 d&gt;«m. By Henry C. Wright. 8 cts. single; 28
 ctH« per dotci.
CLARKSON.*
 LONDON EDITION—WITH PORTRAIT.
 A FEW ceases of CLARKSON’S HISTORY
 OF THE ABOLITION OF THE SLAVE
 TRADE, wiik prefatory remarks on the i dill mum
 abolition of Slavery; a beset Ad I infra adutioa,
 with a fine Portrait of the Anther, done oa Hat!, a
 book which maid not bo mmorted far leas than three
 doferv, caa be had at JTcorsfrfl, if anfredffr
 wmefrately, at the very few price of Oa* Doll aa,
 cask. Aim, EULOGTUM ON CLARKSON, by
 Auuieti CxcHMELL.at the rednend price at
 twelve and a half cents.
M*.??? a
BOYS’ CLOTHING.
 gSNIJEL WILSON, M. Brad,
 BOV? CLOTHINo! (nTStwiS
 and it, and at aa efew prices, a* caa he ebm—d m
 the city. —tv—, meam—am
NEW ENGLAND SECOND HAND
 CLOTHING STORE,
BOMB FOB REFORMER*.
 r pttE aAtrrkwksNwirf to Amt ram, raw-
 Carat, where ho wM ho mam happy ti» welrrane smne
 of Am Friends of Reform, at reraorahls charges
 iHe wmhra hi* boose to be Am central pbraw Boo
 i tm, where Am frtemkatf Temperance, Peace, Parity,
 Freedom, Am Prisoner, Ac., amy meet together .and
 enjoy a rrerfsrtahk and quiet boom.
 Central Carat opera at 30 Washington street.
 JOHN M- SPEAR.
 Boston, Aag, 21,1848.
 rIOMAfI r. SMITH, No. Eft. Brattle Street.
 sign of Am Goldm BaJL New and Bemud
 brad Clothing Store.
pOBKENCED on the Am of December, 184?,
 continued ra Am Ist of March. Jane, fend
 era September h will he devoted to Am iaMrest
 or raw. fan da toadasrars wiM aodaa
 -12 t pre CTM «pra rad fair field far Am noeico
 by several other gentle men.
 mtZZuSZS- pw-,«
 Conrarawatmra, suhacriptiooe, Ac. Arnold bo
 •ddrewed to the Publishers,
 COOLIDGE A WILEY.
 It, Water Street, Boston
R° B MORRIS, J*., Attorney and Ceua-
 at Law, Braaer’s Building, State Street,
REV A LEON, Hair OMtmg Saloon,
 tl aad Perfumery Emporium, 114, Bkdusooe-st.
NEW VORK ADVERTISEMENTS.
JUST PUBLISHED, aad far nk at the office of
 of the Anti Slavery Standard—
 The Legion of Liberty, aad Force of Troth, 10th
 edition.
 This work contains about 230 pages of dose
 reading; 300 eminent authorities, and about sixty
 illustrative engraving*. Price 37J ct*. in muslin,
 aad 25 cents in paper covers. A vety liberal dis
 count to those who purchase a Dumber of copies.
 The Condition, Imiueuce, Rights, and Appeal of
 Women, from various authors, 12| rents.
 Letter to the People of the United Sums, touching
 the Matter of Skvery. By Theodore Parker—
 pp. 120. Price 18| ceats.
 Wm. W. Brown's Lecture before the Female A S.
 Society of Salem, Mass. Reported by H. M.
 Parkhurst, Boston —pp. 22. Price 5 cents.
WILLIAM S. POWELL, Sailor's Home, fit.
 Cherry Street.
 DR. J. M’CUNE SMITH, 93, West Brand
 way.
TJINNINGS, Surgeon-Dentist, 185, North
 t Broadway.
JOSEPH C. HOLLY, Boot and Shoe Maker,
 No. 97, Cranbery Street, Brooklyn.
 N.B. Repairing neatly executed at the shortest
 notice and on the most reasonable terms.
PHILIP a. WHITE, Druggist, corner of Frank
 fort and Gold Street.
 GENTEEL BOARDING HOUSE.
 /CHARLES HIGHGATE, would respectfully in
 yJ form his friends and the public, tint tie continues
 to devote every attention to those pleased to favor
 his “home” with a call. Tim house ia pleasantly
 located at 632 Broadway, Albany.
 Feb. 18, 1848.
TX7ILLIAM RICH, Hair Dressing and Bathing
 v Saloon, Troy House, Troy, New York.
 N E W~PUB L ICATIONi.
 WILL BE READY IN A FEW DAYS.
 Walker's Appeal, with a brief sketchof
 his life by Henry Highland Gantt.
 Also, Market's Address to the Slaves of the Uni
 ted States. This address was rejected by the Na
 tional Convention at Buffalo in 1843. The edition
 is small, and those who desira copies will do well to
 send in their orders early.
 JUST PUBLISHED, a Lecture entitled Thr
 Padt ard Present Condition or the Color
 KV Race, by Henry Highland Garnet.
 Published at Troy, N. Y. Orders attended to.
 April 28, Bm.
Ceseril Intelligence Office.
 GEO. W. GOINES having opened an Esublinit
 ment at the Philadelphia Institute,
 Lombard Street, above Seventh, for the purpose of
 procuring honest and faithful domestics for those
 who may require them, and obtaining places for
 such as are qualified end in want thereof, begs leave
 to refer to the following named gentlemen, who have
 kindly permitted the use of their names as
 ItErxHEXCE.S:
 Andrew M’Makin Editor of the American Courier
 Robert Morris, £ditor of the Inquirer
 Jasper Harding, Publisher of the Inquirer
 Charles J. Peterson, Editor of Neal’s Gasette
 Thos. B. Florence, Editor of Times and Keystone
 Robert Howell, 88, Chesnut Street
 Hilliam J. Mullen, 278, Catharine Street.
 Philadelphia, Sept. 1, 1848. ly—36.
DR. D. J. PECK, Physician and Surgeon, Phi
 ladelphia Institute, Lombard Street, above
 Seventh. i v gg
FREE PRODUCE STORE.
 NEW GOODS just revived. General reduction
 ia prices.
 Fine 4-4 Prints, various styles.
 New styles of Prints of medians quality, usual width.
 Fine and wide Paper Muslins. Also Colored
 Cambrics.
 Curtain Calico. Superior fine Chintz Umbrellas.
 Oil Cloths.
 Satinets, good and cheap. Also on hand, mostly at
 reduced prices, Ginghams, various qualities aad
 style*.
 Fine and heavy Shirting, Sheetings, and Pillow
 Muslint.
 Striped Cambrics. Fine 6-4 Plaid Muslin.
 Muslin de Lome, plain and neatly figured, all wool
 Linens, waniated free from cotton.
 Flannels 4-4 good aad price low. Canton flannels,
 white aad colored.
 Table Diaper aad Cloths, of different styles.
 Apron and Furuiture Check. Cotton Handkerchiefs.
 Cotton Twilled Pantaloon Stuffs. Also Linen
 Drilling, he.
 Long and half Horn, fine‘had heavy.
 Knitting Cotton, various Nos., bleached, Leona,and
 colored.
 Wadding, white and colored Cotton Laps. Also,
 Refined Loaf, Crushed, aad Pulverised Sugar.
 Brown Sugar, good quality, of various grades.
 Tbs wb*&gt;le stock exclusively Free Labor Geode,
 to which the Subeeriber would invite the Mtentwa
 of cuoasry merchant*, as weß as his friends aad the
 public generally.
 Much pains is taken by the Managers of the Frew
 Produce Association, to assist the Subscriber to ca
 large the aseortmeat from time to time.
 GEORGE TAYLOR,
 Northwest corner Fifth aad Cbsrry-sts.
 Philadelphia Id as. Ist, 1648. tf
Free Liber. Leeds.
 MANUFACTURED by the American Free Pro-
 HI d— Association. aad far sale at Ne. 81, North
 Ffrbwtrast, Philadelphia:
 Manchester Gugheaw; Chocks, Apron sad Per
 mtare; Canton Fhumel, unbleached; MusUa,
 Mooched aad unbleached, «f various qualities sod
 wifrb; thin Muslin, far luting*, brown aad colored;
 Bard Eye Towels; black aad white Wadding,
 Cowan Laps; Lamp Wick; Bed Ticking, an ex
 anient aericlo; Chhco, Stockings, Knitting Cotton,
 Re. Re.
 Orders far Goode, or letters desiring informs tic*,
 may be addressed to J. Milter McKm*. 81, North
 Pim street; Daniel L. Miller, Teeth wrest; I*
 James Men, No. Bi. Chmch Alley.
 A fame ami —r niorrwTnt of Prints new
 so haadT jsi—«f
Aatl-ftltrerr Mke,
 X*. 31, iVmtA tytk Drwf, PUmMpJu*
 A full aaitam «f pot******
 L km* eso-teoffe en head- Also a haadte—
 i. hnsiaass of th -w—
 N«is», 21, North
THE DELAWARE ABOUnONIST
 A PAPER eff fas above name wiS be mdtliwi i fra
 Wihaiagnw.by the Unlaw— iat*4Hs*sry
 be paaß—d a half medium sham, at i»omy »»t
 enete pec year, arfcf tw—j fmu ft ..MU
 deleted te emaaopataew 1* Delaw—, aad wiH ad-
 MM to arnamalfa by il fewfrJ me— It
 w» he pdHjfrii if me— araaA
 ferfrd, «r as e*ea an Rhnw —heefraißad
