/hem could be mode i/am." Thin
 declaration is in exact conformity with
 the law of Spain, so far an the matter
 f&gt;f Slavery is concerned. Why, then,
 •hould the law be doubted by me I
 do not doubt it. Ido exprea-ly hod it
 to be such. If there had been any
 doubt an to what the Itaw of Spain is, 1
 ask, would not the Spanish Minister
 resident- at Washington, hare comma*
 Bleated that to hit Government, so that
 it might be scat here
 alow- can we expect an American
 Court to decree that these negroes are
 property, while he omits to produce the
 evidence which makes them such? In
 reply, it may be said that they were in
 possession of Spanish subjects. But
 possession is only one indicum of prop
 erty, and that has been rebutted by the
 proof that these are Bozal negroes, and
 cannot be made property by any ma
 chinery of sale or transportation.
 “This brings me to the question of ti
 tle in Montez and Ruiz, who now claim
 them' through their Government.—
 Though they do not come into Court in
 person, yet they do come in the majes
 ty of their Sovereign. They need not
 come in person, and if they do, they
 may stand aside and put forward the
 shield of regal authority, as they do in
 this case.
 Bat this establishes no title to prop
 erty .*V, Suppose, that I admit that slaves
 arc property, yet Montez and Ruiz
 possess the title within tSiein
 sclves. They have furnished no proof
 of payment—they have shown no bill
 of sale—no witness has sworn that he
 was present when these negroes were
 sold. They have not shown us from
 whom they derive their title. It is the
 naked possession on which they rely.—
 When the right is disputed this is not
 enough.
 How docs the Spanish Minister fill
 up this chasm in the evidence? How
 docs he link together the chain of title?
 By nothing else except the Governor
 General’s passo, and this has before
 been commented upon. Now that offi
 cial document is to serve the double
 purpose of proving property and title
 botjv, and yet, when we look on it
 again; and apply to it our judicial test,
 if the expression may he allowed, wc
 find that instrument still is for Ladinos,
 and not for Boznls. It contains on its
 face an untruth. The Governor Gen
 eral had not given a pass for these ne
 groes; and consequently these Bozals
 stand, on the deck of the L’Amistad
 Without any pass whatever.”
 With this, we leave the question for
 the present, and shall hope to see Con
 gress meeting it as it deserves. When
 so done, lire question will he put at
 rest, and the honor of the nation saved
 from the disgrace of complying with a
 demand unjust in all its teat ores—un
 righteous in all its aspects. To comply
 w ith that demand of Spain would fix a
 stain upon our character not easily ob
 literated. Justice.”
 From tl&gt;«* Gem of tlw 1 Prairie.
 DECISION IN A SLAVE CASE IN
 ILLINOIS.
 The Charleston Globe gives a Legal
 Opinion recently delivered in the Cir
 cuit Court of Coles Co., by Chief Jus
 tice Wilson and Mr. Justice Treat, in
 St case involving the freedom of Jane,
 a colored woman, and her four chil
 dren. These were claimed by Gen.
 Mateson as his slaves, and after argu
 ment on both sides, were discharged by
 the Court.
 It appears in evidence, that in ISI6,
 Gen. Mateson, who until that period
 had resided in Kentucky, removed to
 Rlinois, and purchased a farm, which
 he has ever since continued to culti
 vate. During this time he has resided
 about half the time in Illinois and the
 remainder in Kentucky, though always
 churning to be a citizen of the latter
 State. On first leaving Kentucky, he
 was the owner of twenty odd slaves,
 and several times he brought several
 of them from Kentucky here, and after
 having kept them on his farm a few
 months, returned them, and brought
 back others in their stead, Ip 1845
 he brought tlie woman and the children
 m question to Illinois; since which time
 •he mother had acted as housekeeper
 tnt his farm; Gen. M. constantly said
 that it was not his intention to keep them
 here, but that he meant to remove them
 to a farm in the western part of Ken
 tucky. The testimony show s that Gen.
 Mateson is what is termed an indulgent
 master; but it seems that the woman
 very naturally preferred freedom for
 herself and children to the kindness o
 m master.
 The Opinion is interesting, though a
 great part of it is irrelevant to the main
 point. The principle upon which the
 decision was made is embraced in the
 following paragraph:
 The Constitution of the State of
 Illinois declares that there shall he
 neither slavery nor involuntary servi
 tude,” etc., within the State. The act
 therefore of bringing Jane and her
 children into this State and holding them
 here, being in contravention of this pro
 vision, would of itself work a forfeiture
 of the title of Mateson. unless some
 saving clause can he found in the para
 mount law of the Constitution of the
 United States by which it would be per
 petuated.
 The rig!* of recaption under the
 second section of the 4th article of the
 Constitution of the Lnited States is
 confined to persons held to service or
 labor in one State, under the laws there
 of, escaping into another. The lan
 guage of the net of Congress of the
 12th of February, I7!W, is, that,
 where any person held to labor in any
 of the United States, under the hiws
 tberetd* shall escape into nnv other ol
 the said States,” etc., t!.e owner or his
 agent may seize such fugitive from la
 bor, and upon proof made to the satis
 faction of tlie judge, that the person so
 seized doth under the laws of the State
 from which h cjled, owe service, etc., it
 becomes the duty of the judge to grant
 the certificate.”
 The Opinion goes on to sav:
 Considerable importance is attach
 ed by counsel to the fact, that Mateson
 retained his citizenship in Kentucky,
 and professed the intention of leaving
 Ins servants in Illinois hut temporarily.
 But we cannot perceive that these cir
 cumstances are entitled to the consider
 ation in this case claimed for thorn.—
 Neither the pin* e of residence, not the
 declared intentions of Mateson, can
:our»tervail the fact that he voluntarily
 lomicilcd hie tenants bare for f*o
 rears or ips adi. Kven if from some
 contingency they had remained but a
 lay, the circumstance of his having
 transferred their domicil frttm Ken
 tucky and fixed it in Illinois, would have
 produced the same result.”
 We should suppose that this whole
 subject had been rendered so clear by
 repeated decisions, all going to confitm
 the same principle, that not another
 case of the kind would ever again come
 up in the State.
 The CoMrANV or Books. —lt is
 chiefly through books that we enjoy in
 tercourse with superior minds; and
 these invaluable communications are in
 the reach of all. In the best books
 gre at men talk to us, give us their most
 precious thoughts, and pour their souls
 in ours, (iod be thanked for books.—
 They arc the voices of the distant and
 the dead, and make us heirs of the spir
 itual life of past ages. Books are the
 true levelers. They give to all that
 will faithfully use them, the society, the
 spiritual presence, of the best and
 greatest of our race. No matter how
 poor 1 am; no matter though the pros
 perous of my own time will not enter
 and take up their abode under my roof,
 if Milton will cross my threshold to sing
 to me of Paradise, and Shakespeare to
 open to me the worlds of imagination—
 the workings of the human heart, and
 Franklin to enrich me with his practical
 wisdom, I si all not pine for want of in
 tellectual companionship: and I may
 become a cultivated man, though ex
 i eluded from the best company where I
 live. Nothing can supply the place of
 books. They are cheering or soothintr
 companions in solitude, illness and
 affliction. Let every man if possible
 gather some good books under his roof.
 Charming.
THE NORTH STAR.
ROCHESTER, FEBRUARY 4, 1848.
I
 WEST WINFIELD.

 This little, unassuming agricultural town,
 though r.ot very extensively Known among
 the lovers of liberty, is nevertheless the very
 garden spot of thorough going, radical Anti-
 Slavery in central New York. It possesses
 more of that independent spirit, warmth of
 heart, and purity of mind, essential to the
 growth of Anti-Slavery sentiment, than is
 often met with in this country. At present,
 its locality is determined, bv the relation to
 I larger, but inferior places. The traveller
 will find it at the end of eighteen miles, in a
 south south-east direction from Utica, (a place
 long since consigned to slavcholding, mobo
 cratie infamy,) Reated among, and completely
 surrounded by hills, slightly inferior to the
 beautiful Grampians of Scotland. Had Burns
 or Scott lived there, those hills would ere this
 have been richly mantled by thcfabricsof their
 magnificent genius. Passing over and around
 them, we sincerely craved ability to give
 voice to their silent but speaking beauty.—
 This, however, is not our gift. Our life has
 not been such as to favor such utterances.—
 Slavery has imparted to us a rude sternness,
 I altogether unfavorable to such creations —so
 wc leave the hills, and proceed to give our
 i readers some account of the Fair, and Anti-
 Slavery meetings,which wc had the happiness
 to attend last week.
 I
 THE FAIR
 Was held in a Hall connected with the
 i Temperance Hotel, kept by our active Anti-
 Slavery friends, Mr. ami Mrs. Thomas, and
 will accommodate about two hundred and
 fifty persons. It is the same hall where the
 Fair was held last year, and which, to the
 great delight of pro-slavery persons, gave
 way beneath the pressure of the multitude
 that thronged it on that occasion. Our Anti
 i Slavery friends strongly fortified themselves
 against such another catastrophe this year, by
 J placing posts under the beams supporting the
 flour. The Fair opened on Wednesday, and
 closed on Thursday evening and though the
 weather was very unfavorable, being very
 j wet, and the roads almost impassable, the
 room was thronged on each evening by a
 lively and interesting company, and all ap
 peared pleased with the scene. The room
 was tastefully trimod with evergreen, dotted
 l all over with artificial flowers. The tables
 I were well supplied with useful, rich and ele
 gant articles, and were nicely arranged.—
 j The Ladies attending tlie tables, seemed
 heartily engaged, and sought pleasure only
 in selling the goods committed to their charge.
 It was a highlv interesting and useful ocea
 sion and though the proceeds may not seem
 i large, vet the good done is immense. There
 were mountains of prejudice removed, by
 contact with negroes and abolitionists. On
 the first evening, we saw several who appear
 ed terribly afflicted with colorphobia, most
 of whom were conraUsccui before we left.
 On Wednesday evening, during the Fair,
 we had several addresses on the subject of
 Slavery. The first washy Jonathan Walker,
 of Plvmouth, Massachusetts. He gave a
 short account of his arrest and imprisonment,
 in Florida narrated in a simple manucr his
 sufferings in prison showed that ever-speak
 ing, branded hand and charged home the
 responsibility of his torture upon the people
 of the whole country. We followed in a
 few remarks, and were succeeded by Joseph
 C. Hathaway, who nude a very powerful and
 impressive speech—giving a dee|ier tone to
 the proceeding* than before had been mani
 fested. At the close of the evening, a meet
 ing was appointed for Thursday morning, 1o
 commence at 10 o'clock. The use of the
 Baptist meeting house was refused the meet
 ing so we were eo:up died to assemble
 in a small school-house, which was soon
 filh-d up, anil we luid quite a w arm discussion
 on the Constitution and the l uion. participated
 m by Charlc* Reinond, I Jr. Hudson,
 Samuel A. Greene, Mr. Lean, several Lib
 erty Party nxm. ami ourself. The most in
 t&lt; r. sting point in the discussion, Hwid to
 the obligations of an oath hi support the Con
 stitution of the United States. Mr. Greene,
 though a dis-Unionist, we believe, took the
 ground, that the obligation of an oath is to
 j lie determined by the }&gt;cnally annexed to its
 violation and said that in swearing to
 snp|Mirt the Constitution, as an Assessor, Wc
 swore ouly to a faithful discharge of the du
ies of that office. He Mid he could bold
 unr oAk ia the State, ia which he waa act
 required to return the fugitive date, aad put
 dow n slave insurreetk**- la regard to fugi
 tive slaves, he said that several States had
 made it a criminal off-ire for any Stale officer
 to interfere in the return of a slave to boodree.
 Mr. Greene is an earnest speaker, rod his
 vsews struck the audience fevoraWy. He was
 replied to by Esquire Dean, who took the
 ground that the obligations of the oath were
 to lie determined by the terms of the oath
 and (hat an oath is as binding without, as
 with penalties, that the oath to support the
 Constitution is an oath to support the whole
 instrument, with all its provisions; snd that
 a violation of any part of the Constitution by
 one who had sworn to support it, was nothing
 leas than perjury. These poaitioos be deemed
 so evident, that there was no need of arguing
 them. Messrs. Smith. Goudell, and Spooner
 were all represented by Liberty League sad
 liberty Party men, who had the dissatisfac
 tion of seeing the ingenious argument of
 these gentlemen, regarding the Auti-Slavery
 character of the Constitution, completely
 shattered and sent to the winds. TV meet
 ing adjourned at one o'clock, and gavej&gt;lace
 to the Fair in the afternoon and evening."
 On Friday, meetingsjjere held throughout
 the day, at East Winfield, in the Congrega
 tional Church, and were interesting to the
 last. Remond, Hudson, Hathaway, Hayden,
 Thomas, Walker, and John S. Jacobs, spoke
 powerfully in behalf of the cause, and math
 a deep impression on the audience. Mr.
 W'alker’s discourse was chiefly made up oi
 statements respecting his own sufferings in
 behalf of the cause, and exhorting others to
 follow his example. There was one state
 ment, respecting his poverty, which he made,
 for which we deeply regretted there should he
 any necessity. He said—and we would cal!
 the attention of the benevolent in Massachu
 setts to the fact—that his family were now
 living in a miserable cabin in Plymouth, the
 only covering of which is a piece of cotton
 cloth. This statement and others, induced
 the taking a special collection for Mr. Walker,
 which amounted to something more than ten
 dollars. It is a little too bad that a man fhal
 has suffered "as Mr. Walker has done, in the
 cause of the slave, and who labors as he now
 does, to promote the cause, should bcallowet
 i to live in such extreme destitution as he now
 docs, or to be compelled to expose his povertj
 before eTery meeting which he may address
 On Friday evening we lectured to a smal
 audience in Richfield, where, we trust, then
 was good seed sow n, which will bring fortl
 fruit abundantly. Evidently, the region is i
 somewhat dark one on this subject. On oui
 way to the scliool-house, for the church was
 closed against us, our ears were assailed in
 manner that told us wc were full eight mile:
 from West Winfield. The poor creatures
 snorted, sneezed, and made such unsecml)
 noises as pro-slavery persons only can make.
 They are not, however, peculiar to Richfield,
 They have just reached that period in civili
 zation there, which makes it as natural foi
 them to behave so, as for children to have mea
 sles or hooping cough. They will get rid ol
 it, as the darkness which now overshadows
 them shall disappear. We were greatly in
 debted to Mr. and Mrs. Catlen, who showed
 us every attention, and rendered uscvctv as
 sistance in the way of getting to and fron
 Richfield. There are a few good souls there
 whose influence and efforts must soon work i
 change in the moral sentiment of the place.
 George B. Vasiion. —We learn that Mr
 Yashon was examined in open court. This
 j is highly creditable to his learning the ex
 amination being moic severe at New York
 than at Pennsylvania.
 I
 i
 Indian Printers —The Cherokee Advo
 cate is now, and has been for several months,
 j entirely in the hands of the Indians. One
 1 comjxisitor is a Creek, who learned the tradi
 at Van Buren, Arkansas; the others arc Chero
 kees, who have acquired it in the nation, easl
 of the Mississippi.
 Potato Crop in France. —The Com
 merce (Paris paper,) states that the potato
 crop has been gathered throughout France,
 and that it is everywhere abundant atid ol
 good quality.

 From llayti. —The French brig Rogci
 Bontomps, 28 days from St. Domirgo, ar
 rived at Charleston on Monday last, report!
 that, in the conspiracy discovered at St. Do
 mingo, the Minister of Finance was the leader
 ar.d the object was to expatriate foreigners
 and join the Republic of llayti. The chiei
 conspirator had been shot.
 apt. Wright of the brig Alert, from Pori
 au Prince Jan. Bth, reports that all was quiei
 in Hayti when he left. Theie had been some
 incursions upon the Haytiens from the Span
 ish portion of the Island, and a Haytien Regi
 ment was raised to repel them, but the Regi
 ment never marched. The power of the pres
 ent government of llayti is not represented at
 being very substantial, not however, from an)
 fear of Spanish iucorsions, but from intestine
 divisions.
 ITPOur Subscribers in Victor and Troy
 N. Y., are informed that their pajicrs an
 regularly mailed. We regret their non-dc
 livery, but have done, and shall so continue
 our whole duty in the matter.

 1 Save vs from ovr Friends' —lf sub
 scribers only knew how much anxiety thet
 inflict upon t:s by forwarding uncurren
 money, they would be sure to examine be fun
 mailing. A hint to the wise is sufficient."
 Back Numbers. —We have complied, aj
 1 far as possible, in supplying subscribers witl
 our whole number. Wc have now no span
 copies, excepting of Nos. 1 and 2. Sour
 friends have promptly forwarded No. 3; am
 1 w r e will not appeal to their generosity again
 1 but a few copies of No. 4 would be a hooi
 for w hich our thanks may be anticipated.

 K7* The follow ing publications have beet
 received, and will be noticed
 Stareholding fhaminrd in the Light of tk
 Holy IhlJr By Wm. H. Bnsbane.
 The Triumph of War; also, Position ant
 Duties of the .Worth urith regard to Slavery
 j By Rev. Andrew P. Peabody, of Portsmouth
 N. H
 letter to Professor Stater and Dr. Bason
 By Rt\. Amos A. Phelps.
 i
ID* We we again indebted to Hon. J. G.
 Palfrey for Cwgrotwoil doruraenta.
 TO CORKESPOfU)^™*
 11. C. Vpum, Km. Kia mum aa agent ha*
 ban mimnui—llj omitted. We gretefafe ac
 lutonledge hie ocrtiaM far the North Star.
 B. W. R.. North Newbare. Ohio. Oh letter of
 Jaa. Itth, had art brew reeeired at inne of going to
 pw. Paper* hare been Lrwjrdrd per mjuert of
 Jan. 28th.
 B. F. W. Barton. Liet of wbecriber* te 26th Jan.
 reeriee.L
 J. C. H. Frtniiajton. Conmamkatioa* of Jai*.
 24tb and Feb. trt. rewired dirertwaa lAaerred.
 Sack a »4J~ list of cash mbecrdien may it be uar
 lut often to achnowlnlge.
 F. D. Trey. Order* complied with.
 M. R. D., rituburrh. Letter* of Jan. 29th re
 wired. Several exchange* were already oa oar
 lirt; the rert are aow adib'd.
EDITORIAL CORRESPONDED E.
 Pitts»v*gh, January 21, 1848.
 Dei* DornLAJW:—I promised to give
 you weekly advices of my movetartrts, wheth
 er or not there were anything of interest to
 communicate.
 On last evening, there was an interesting
 meeting held in Temperance Hall, a place
 well known to you, to continue the measures
 previously entered into, for the relief of l)r.
 Mitchell, of Indiana, Pa- a prominent Anti-
 Slavery friend of the Liberty Party, who was
 most unrighteously mulcted in the heavy sum
 of fifteen hundred dollars for no other crime
 under heaven than that of feeding the hun
 gry, clothing the naked, and giving shelter to
 the outcast. Nay, not so much as this the
 Doctor did but permit the weary, outcast crea
 tures to live in aa old log cabin on his farm—
 he employing them to labor, By a despotic
 act of Congress in '93, this is made a penal
 i offence and the daring slaveholder may lay
 1 his claim at $1,500 —the sum fixed by law—
 and recover the same in any State,even North
 l of Mason and Dixon's line. And ypt we are
 told by the pro-slavery minions, that the
 1 North has nothing to do with slavery
 The unblushing effrontery and daring im
 pudence of the slaveocraey of this niock
 republic, have really become alarming.—
 Whither shall we go for succor 1
 I My kind friend, Mrs. Swisshexm, of the
 Visit r. was there by her counsel and smiles,
 rendering aid and succor.
 You have before this seen the announce*-
 ment of the admittance of George Boyer
 Vashok, Esq-, at the Bar of the Supreme
 Court of the State of New York. This is a
 rebuke to the Bar of Pittsburgh, for which
 there is no palliation.
 Upon this subject, Greeley, ofilhe Tribune,
 has a word of withering rebuke to Pcnnsyl
 vania. By the way, Greeley is a noble
 i hearted fellow hi* only objectionable charae
 teristic being the unerring fidelity with which
 jhe clings to that arch slaveholder, Ilenry
 Clay. But for this, Greeley would be unex
 ceptionable. It would seem, that such is
 Greeley’s love for Clay, that were he to fasten
 j his monster grasp on him and his, he (Gree
 i Icy) would still essay to justify him, on the
 ground that it must be right, or he would not
 j have done so.
 I see by a letter from the Scottish corres-
 I pondent of the Liberator, that that miserable
 i person, Stephen 11. Gloucester, has proved
 himself a traitor, worthy of the deepest and
 most lasting execration. Let the burning in
 dignation of a misrepresented and insulted
 j people, lash him naked through theworld:”
 and for this purpose, I would suggest the
 1 calling of meetings in every place by the
 friends of the slave, irrespective of color, foe
 the exposure of the deeds of this clerical as
 sassin.
 Liberia, the creature of Colonization, as
 you have seen, has declared her independence,
 (for which I eemmend her, that is, provided
 she is determined to exist without a master
 j and orrrsccr,) and for this, she is lauded to
 the skies as an evidence of the capacity of the
 colored man for self-government. The proud
 little Republic of J lay ti has for the last fifty
 I years fully demonstrated this truth; yet
 our quasi philanthropists are so /or-sighted,
 that tins faet is too near and apparent to come
 within the reach of theii vision.
 I sec that you and Mr. Nell, as well as
 our dear friend Remond, have been fortunate
 in being among the chosen of the great Ger
 rit Smith. For this lam well pleased, as I
 do not think that his generosity could have
 j been extended to any more meritorious.
 The scintillating rays of the North Star,
 are just beginning to beam on the west; which
 I brightens the horizon with cheering hopes.
 Yours, in behalf of our oppressed and
 down-trodden countrymen,
 M. R. D.
C 0 HI M r I C A TlO M S.
 COLONIZATION.
 Why strew we «inj»r on the Inttled spi ler,
 \Vtu**e web m»uanth us about’”
 i It is indeed, a reflection upon American hu
 inanity, that at this late day, the iniquitous
 scheme called African Colonization—can find
 any one so wicked to do it reverence. A ml
 yet sad to tell, there are those mighty men in
 Church and State, who give credence to the
 benevolent pretensions of a society, which is
 practically an enemy to the class it professes
 to aid. It is an apologist for slavery, and justi
 t fk*s slave-holders. It is the enemy of imme
 diate emancipation. It aims to expel from
 the land of their birth, the colored population,
 not for any color of crime but for the crime
 of color 1 and prevents, as far as possible,
 their elevation in the United States. In this
 department, its sms axe not accidental, but a
 trade. In support of these charges, facts, ar
 gutnents, illustrations, and statistics can be
 reared as high as Mount Olymptis; hut it will
 suffice our present purpose, to make the
 I statement and challenge refutation.
 The free colored people, for w hose bcnefii
 the Institution was ostensibly organized, have
 j ever since its formation in 1817, protested
 against it, aud any individual who suppose*
 i tlot since then, to the present, its feature*
 have become more lovely—its pruspect* or ue
 ducetneuta more flattering, or its modus oper
 madt the more Christian our cbnrity would
 lain prompt the belief, that such indnridnla
 must be most “jolly green.'*
 At a mass meeting of colored citizen*, held
 in New York, J*n., Bth, 1839, the following
 resolution was unanimously adopted
 Rrsolv cd, that our sympathies for the slave,
 the love we bear oar native land, our respect
ud Tenmti#n for the institutions and govern
 ment of oaf country, ut so many cords which
 hind us to our home—the soil of our forth,
 which has hem wet by the tears, and fcftil
 iacd by the Wood of our ancestors, and from
 which white life hist*, in spite of the oppres
 sor's wmogs, we will ncrpr be seduced at
 driven, but stride by principle and placing our
 trust ia the Lord of Hosts, we will tell the
 white Americans that their country shall he
 our country —we will be governed by the
 same laws,and worship at the same ahar, where
 the* hve we will live—where they die there
 will we be buried, and our graves shall remain
 as monuments of our suffering 1 and triumph,
 or of our failure and their disgrace.”
 At Boston, in June, 1847, there being an
 apparent resurrection of the scheme, invoked
 by the Rev. Hrraan Humphrey, the colored
 citiiens th-rc convened and reiterated the fol
 lowing declaration:—
 Resolved, Tint we do ur hat* dtmt
 nyr ttnrr Us origin, protest 3jrunst the opera
 tions of the American Colonisation Society,
 and its various auxiliaries, as in direct oppo
 sition to our best hopes, prospects and rights,
 and at variance with the dictates of Christiani
 ty and Republicanism.
 “Resolved, That experience has confirmed
 our belief, that its advocates and agents art
 as fills? in words, and as wicked in practice,
 as their Father of old, who sought to tempi
 our Saviour upon the mount.
 Resolved, That we are AMERICANS
 by birth, and firmly pledge nctrr to l*are thu
 land until the last shackle has fallen from the
 limbs of the last American slave.”
 Similar resolutions have emanated from
 meetings of colored people, over tl»e length
 and breadth of the land.
 1 One reason advanced by the above Clergy
 man, for removing the colored Americans tc
 Liberia, wxs, that but one instance had vel
 occurred in that State, of any colored man’s
 receiving an appointment under the executive
 patronage; alluding to Macon B. Allen, then
 recently made a Justice of the peace but om
 and what pray, is the reason, that but one.
 colored man bad ever been thus, there honor
 ed w hat but the pestilential influence of the
 Colonization spirit, that has e\er retarded the
 growth and enterprise of her colored citizens 1
 Irut on*, forsooth, —it might be readily sup
 posed, such a fact in itself sufficient to super
 sede any necessity fur expatriation on the
 plea of incapacity for political or social eleva
 tion.
 If one can successfully aspire to a post ol
 honor and distinction i»thc“ Athens of Ame
 rica,” cannot and will not others? Thankstc
 the progressive tendencies of the Old Bay
 i State, w hich bid us hopefully and confident
 ly, to prophecy in the affirmative. Tt
 Raynal, who expressed surprise that Americ;
 had not produced any celebrated men, JefFersor
 replied, when we shall have existed as i
 nation, as long as the Greeks, before they ha*
 a Ilomcr—the Romans a Virgil—or th*
 I French a Racine, there will be room for in
 j quiry;” and I would say, let the genius o
 American Pro-slavery and Prejudice, only re
 j move its feet from the neck of its outrage*
 j victims, and if improvement be not made com
 mensnratc with the means afforded, then, bu
 not till then will we admit the truth of thi
 gratuitous assertion, that the author of th
 Universe, has stamped upon the brow of th
 colored American, a mark of inferiority. Wi
 are now reminded of an eloquent passage ii
 the speech of a colored teacher, at one of thi
 I early Anti-slavery Conventions in Boston.—
 The subject under discussion was, Prejudice
 against color I am, said he, pained whe:
 I think of the condition of colored men in th&lt;
 United States. My blood is as warm asyonn
 sir, or that of any Patriot, and when I behoh
 i the finger of scorn pointed at my brethren, ant
 the curled lip, my soul weeps. I think then
 inay be thus insulted, one possessing th*
 highest attributes of man, a mind perhaps
 that if trained like other minds, might lead t&lt;
 great deeds. Some Cinciunatus, capable o
 influencing the destinies of a nation—a Hamp
 den, to inspire patriotism, or a Milton, preg
 j nant with celestial fire.”
 j What indeed, is it but the spirit of pro-sla
 very hate—(a term, to the colored man
 synonymous with Colonization) —that eject
 him from Churches, School-houses, Lyceums
 Public-houses, Stages, Steamboats, Rail-roa*
 cars, etc. etc. These indignities are ever*
 day items in that chapter of experience, whicl
 Democratic, Republican, Christian Ameri
 cans mete out to those whom God has award
 ed a complexion unlike their own. But abet
 ter day dawns—Freedom shall yet triumph—
 Slavery and its powerful ally, Colonization
 will ere long be consigned to their appropri
 ate grave of oblivion. Speed Speed th*
 hour !—w. c. n.
 A WORD Ttt OBJLCTOOS.

 It is said to bo the peculiar characteristic
 of this adventurous age, that it cares not foi
 I precedent takes nothing at second-hand;
 grapples with all difficulties; and will noi
 j submit to be terrified into the belief of any
 j dogma, because it has received the sanction ol
 high and venerated authority. This is said tc
 lie, and such, doubtless, ought to be the ease.
 But in laying claim to this superiority ovci
 other and by-gone ages, it would not be very
 difficult to prove, that this age arrogates tt
 itself higher and more noble and independcr.l
 «?ntiments, than it can sustain. Is it not an
 every-dny observation, that if such or such a
 course were adopted, it would require that the
 Constitution should be altered This is sup
 posed to be an unansu erable argument, and
 all-powerful to silence opposition. But what
 is this immaculate Constitution? \\hat pure
 and holy thing is this, that must not be
 touched bv the sacrilegious hands of the pre
 sent generation It is nothing more nor lest
 nor else than a few maxims, written on
 parchment, by men who lived nearly a hun
 dred years ago and which is now locked uf
 in the archives of the capito). That the
 framers of this Constitution were wise men.
 will not lie denied; that they were good men,
 nc*-d not be disputed; that they did the best
 they could for themselves and their posterity,
 is a self-ct idem fact; but to aiecrt that u hat
 they said, and thought, and did, was perfect,
 incapable of improvement or correction w hat
 is that but the most abject and unreasoning
 senility
 Again it is said, that if such or such as
 editor advocates certain views; if be oppose,
 the opinions of this or that mao—of Henry
 Clay—of John C. Calhoun—of Zachary Tay
 lor,—his paper will not live for a year—the
 influence of these men is so great, that he
 will find no readers; in other words, the
 public mind is so enthralled and held in sub
 jection by these leaders of popular sentiment,
 that any effort to oppose them—to expose
 their errors, make their inconsistencies apja
i rent, bold up their dark dogmas before the
 sunlight of Truth, would he utterly useless
 and unavailing, bringing down upon the pro
 jector of such an attempt nothing but failure
 land disgrace. Driveller! Who m Henry
 I Clay, or John C. Calhoun, or Zachary Tay
 lor, tha tthe saying* and d*-.agi of either one
 or of all of them, should be beyond the
 scrutiny and the reasoning of common mortals f
 And what may he the idea you entertain of the
 intention of anting and speech 1 If an editor
 has nothing new to communicate to the world,
 if he does nut care whether or not he does
 anything, by lus writings, to make men wiser,
 or better, or happier ,—-if he has no object to
 gain, but his own self-interest and the miser
 able dollars and cents which he may contrive
 I squecae out of the public porket,—in the
 name of all that is sacred, let his publication
 sink into merited oblivion let him not add
 another screeching note to the discordant
 voices that are sounding out into the world
 Heaven knows, and we all know, that there
 is already a Ilabel-jargon sufficiently con
 fused and inharmonious. But if any one, be
 who or what he may, has a new truth tocom
 munieate, an iniquity to rebuke, an injustice
 to expose, it is in vain for any and every
 power to attempt to prevent hint. You may
 gag and pinion and imprison him; the Truth
 will still find an utterance; it will speak from
 his eyes,—cow out at his finger nails. Yon
 may even kill him, and it will spring forth
 from his ashes, and reviving to a new and
 vigorous pheenix-life, will speak with an irre
 sistible power; and meeting a response in the
 true hearts of every clime and country, its
 voice will wax louder and louder still, till it
 reverberates even in the craven soul of its
 trembling opposer.
 Henry ('lay It is painful to be compelled
 to say anything in opposition to the views of
 that man of mind. Heaven has bestowed up
 on him a rare and expansive intellect. Would
 that his moral vision were as clear as his in
 tellectual Would that he not only said,
 that Slavery is a grievous wrong—a great
 evil,” but that he also felt what he says!
 Then should we see him using his mighty
 influence to urge on the American nation to
 i rise up in its might and majesty, and cast
 from it, as an accursed thing, the last vestige
 j of Slavery. If Henry Clay has so much in
 fluence, how responsible is he for its right
 exercise! It maybe right or the reverse,
 I that any man should possess tins influence
 but if he does possess it, and fails to use it
 for the world's good, what an amount ol
 ignominy and deep disgrace will rest upon
 him to all eternity
 There have been names handed dowu to us
 by History, which-are inseparably associated
 with some memorable action, or with the
 j. prevailing characteristic of those who bore
 them. We think of Draco and cruelty, mani
 fested in revengeful and sanguinary law s o
 i Nero and burning Rome of George lYth o
 England and every vice which disgraces hu
 j manity. Let the Senator for South Carolins
 beware, or a not remote age will erect fo
 him a niche in the same pandemonium of in
 famy, with this inscription over it, in flaming
 letters of eternal durability—“ John C. Cal
 novN and Wimps —Chains Slavery!”
 Zacbary Taylor Strange indeed is it that
 men can be found in the free States of Ame
 rica who will bow down to this idol The
 man who proposed in the Senate, and carried
 forward his diabolical proposal, till it received
 the sanction of the assembled wisdom of the
 I country, that the slave who preferred freedom
 to bondage, and attempted to escape from the
 J hands of bis taskmaster, should lie tracked by
 i bloodhounds! Zachary Taylor, the slave
 holder the man whose hands are even now
 steaming with the hot blood of his fellow-men
 on the plains of Mexico Oh, the degrada
 tion of soul—the prostration of intellect—that
 can venerate such a man If the nuinlier of
 those who are represented by this manifesta
 lion of humanity were very considerable, how
 j slight reason would there lie to expect the
 1 rapid progress of the world to that state in
 1 which peace on earth and good-will among
 men will be universally prevalent!
 But, after all, these men, nor any man can,
 1 either directly or indirectly, materially cheek
 the expression of Truth. Oh, man or woman,
 whoever thou art, that imagines! that any of
 thy earth-produced idols can prevent the
 Truth from finding an utterance, learn now,
 1 that it is more j&gt;owerful than the united
 assemblage of men and devils or if thou w ilt
 not learn this, confess for once and forever,
 that thou art a very Dolt, and utterly unteach
 able !—J. d.
 ANTI-SLAVERY MEETING AT MIS
 ERY A HALL.
 On Sunday evening last, some six or seven
 hundred people gathered in Minerva Hall, to
 hear a lecture on Slavery by Mr. Robinson,
 an elder of the Second Advent denomination.
 The address was a plain, clear, thorough
 expose of the nature of Slavery; a Bible ar
 gument against it; and a picture of the pre
 sent miserable position of the country'; the
 degradation of its politicians, the hypocrisy of
 its priests, and the criminal opposition or in
 difference of the people.
 The audience listened with earnest atten
 tion and the fact that so goodly a number
 came together, shows that the Anti-Slavery
 ’question is becoming the gr fit &lt;pushon in the
 minds of a constantly inereas.ng number in
 this city. A few years since, the same call
 would have been answered by a much smaller
 audience. Iy*t us w#rk without ceasing.
 “Truth, above all tilings, beareth away the
 victoryand signs of cheer are about us,
 even in this dark hour, not the least of which
 is the incTeaaiug willingness—nay, earnest
 desire to hear the gospel of Ereed&lt;in» for all.
 The candid attention of the people once
 gained, and freedom of discussion maintained,
 so that truth and error can grapple freely, and
 all organizations, in church and state, which
 'uphold slavery, arc doomed.
 Tt-cir gkay and their loighi
 Stall perish; and their very name* shall be
 Vile Wee all the people in the light
 Of a world’s liberty.”
 On Sunday evening next, a meeting w ill he
 held in Minerva Hall, for the consideration of
 the gTcat questions of Peace and War, of
 1 which notice was given at the close of Mr.
 Robinson's address; and now that war is
 raging in the territory of a weak nation,
 carried on by the plundering forces of this
 strong republic, we hope that the spacious
 room may he filled by earnest hearers.
 G. B. S.
MISSIONARIES A MONO THE FUGI
 TIVES IN CANADA.
 The following i* »n extract from the letter
 of a well known friend in Ohio
 44 There are sorae meddling, mischievous,
 (I will not yet say wicked,) colored men,
 who are going about through the upper Pro*
 nnco of ('anada, and a 100 in the States, tra
 lunng the character of the missionaries who
 ITT laboring among the fugitives from bondage
 m the other side of the lakes. I know many
 the missionaries there, but am personally
 acquainted with Hinun Wilson and Isaac J.
 Rice, and can testify that two mors labs nows,
 iilt-desvi.no, honest men do not exist on
 ■nv missionary ground. These devoted men,
 instead of being maligned, should be encour
 aged and assisted by all philanthropist#, and
 especially by all colortd people »ho hare any
 influence.
 At present, I will not name the traduccrs of
 these men of God but 1 know them well,
 and, if necessary, ran tell you much about
 them.
 Beware of these men, if they should come
 to you for the purpose above named and
 cease not, tnv brother, to hold up the heads
 of the missionaries in anada.
 h. ir
 AMERICAN SLAVERY—THE TEN
 URE BY VVIHCII IT EXISTS
 LETTER NO. I»
 44 Nothing can give one tnaa an adequate
 title to another as property, saving a bill of
 sale from Clod Almighty.” —Jvdgf Hairing
 ton, 17.
 Messrs. Editors I now avail myself of
 the opi&gt;ortunity to transmit to you the first of
 the series of communications on Slavery
 which indisposition has prevented me from
 sending before. f
 If we look back to the early history of our
 country, either to that period when the Puri
 tan pilgrims left their island .home, and sought
 a retreat in the wilds of this continent, in
 quest of civil and religious liberty or to that
 period when their descendants declared that
 all men are created free and equal, and en
 dowed with certain inalienable rights, among
 which are life, liberty, and the pursuit of hap
 ainess;” in defence ot which great principles
 they pledged their lives, fortunes, and sacred
 honors; sustaining them by a struggle of
 seven vears, severing the ties which bound
 them to the mother country, we are at a loss
 to account for the existence ot Slavery i* a
 country settled under such circumstances, and
 taking her station among the nations of the
 earth, with such principles inscribed upon her
 banner; —yet slavery does exist in this boasted
 land of liberty—
 •‘■Otir fellow coun ty non in chain*,
 Slaves! in a land of littl»t ami law
 Slave*! crouching on those very plain*
 Where relied the storm of freedom’* war!”
 i And this Slavery does not exist, as is felsc
 ly imagined, by the consent, support and pow
 er of the slaveholder alone, nor of that com
 i munity in which it exists but by the con
 sent, support and power of the whole nation.
 Notwithstanding the clamor of the slavehold
 cr at the South, that it is a peculiarly South
 ern Institution, a state concern and the cry
 of liia Northern echo, Let it alone we have
 nothing to do with it!—slavery is a constitu
 tional, national institution it is a part of our
 political system, and exists by the robber-right
 of might.
 This is manifest from the admission of
 slaveholders, and the provisions of the nation
 al constitution, says the editor of the Mary
 ville (Tenn.) Intelligencer, “wc of the South
 arc emphatically surrounded by a dangcrou*
 class of beings—degraded, stupid savages—
 who, if they could entertain the idea that im
 mediate and unconditional death would not
 lie their portion, would react the St. Domingo
 tragedy but the consciousness, with all their
 stupidity, that a ten-fold force, superior in
 discipline, if not in barbarity, would gather
 from the four quarters of the United States,
 and slaughter them, keeps them in subjection.
 But to the lion-slaveholding States, particu
 larly, are we indebted for a permanent safe
 guard against insurrection. Without their
 assistance, the white population of the Soutir
 would be too weak to quiet that innate desire
 for liberty which is ever ready to act itself out
 with every rational creature.”.
 Here are the admissions of the slaveowner,,
 that his tenure to property in man is Hie same*
 as that of the highwayman’s upon the travel
 ler’s purse, wh&lt; n be has obtained it by pre
 senting a superior force exclaiming as her
 presents bis instrument of death, 44 Yoor
 money or your life So says the man that
 robs his fellow man of his labor, whilst sur~
 rounded by his “disciplined barbarians”
 “Your labor or your life!” and should the
 plundered inan endeavor to escape from hi»
 unrequited toil, the deadly rifle is pointed, and!
 bleeding humanity falls to the earth, (his blood
 crying for vengeance,) as an example of the
 unlimited power of the slaveowner, and a ter-*
 ror to his wronged fellow s!
 44 But,” says some Northern apologist,
 44 this is an abuse of the system.” No such
 thing it is a necessary concomitant, a nat
 ural result of that system which Westejj
 termed the sum of all viiiamea, that reduce*
 man to property. The slaveholder eoro-.
 plains of being surrounded by a danger-,
 oua class of beings,” and but for the superior
 fore© that would gather from the four corner*
 of the United States, they would rise, m
 übedience to that innate desire for liberty that
 is implanted in the breast of every human
 being, arid slaughter their oppressors amt
 plunderers, as did the I {evolutionary father*
 the hired, sanguinary bands of George the
 Third.
 The slaveholder is but the executioner ef
 this cruet power he is but the owner, whilst
 the nation are the holders of men as property.
 There are no, there can he no, non-slavehold
 ing states as parries under the present consti
 tution, or in the present Union. We are all
 one 44 great league of conspiraiota again*! the
 rights and liberties of the victims of Sou hero,
 or rather national cupidity. For should the
 slave, in obedience to the dictates of our
 common humanity, (crushed as they are, by
 an oppression, 44 one hour'* endurance of
 which is more than ages of that which the
 heroes of *7O rose in then might and threw
 l off bat which Minmffiiricnt to obliterate that
 ethereal spark of Freedom that is buried deep
 in the bosom of the most degraded and be,
 1 sotted victims of a cruel and unrelenting sya%
 ton of oppression,) rise and endeavor, by tfcf
