FREDERICK DOUOLABB,
 M. RJDELANY, j Ewromt.
VOL. 11. NO. 4.
TIM NORTH STAR to trtr)
 FrUay, at No. 35, Bmffalo Rtieet,
 (Offtmu tit Arcodt
 TERMS
 Two dollars per annum, al*»y
 •abscription wffl he rewired for a »e»* term tbas
 •ia month*. ._j
 Advertisement* not exceeding tea line*
 three time* for one dolUr; every ‘Mo
 tion, twenty-fire cenu.
 Thk object of the North Star will be to attach
 Slavery in all iu form* and arpeetn; dvo J*“
 Universal EmircirATioN; eaalt the atandard
 of Public Morality; promote the moral and in
 tellectual improvement of the Colored Peoyle
 and ha*tan the day of FREEDOM to the Three
 M.llioe* of our Enslaved Fellow Code-
 TRYHEE.
 PUBLISHER’S NOTICES.
 fry- All communications relating to the inutnm
 matters of the paper, names of subscribers, remit
 tance*, Ac., should be addressed to John Dice,
 Publisher.
 OO* Agents, and all others sending rcrn**. m
 equested to lie accurate, and give the Po* (jfic*,
 he CWy, and the Stott. Each Subscriber is im
 mediately credited for money received.
 ft*- Any person sending in the payment for four
 •uhscrihers, to tie forwarded to one address, may
 have a fifth copy for one year. _
 All letter* and communications must ne posi
 paid.
 LIST OfTgF.NTS.
 Massachusetts. —R. F. Walcutt,2l.LoruHill,
 Boston; Natlnui Johnson, New Bedford; HoratioW.
 Foster, Lowell; James N. Buffum, Lynn; Oeorge
 Evans, Worcester Boon* *|*&gt;oner,
 Charles H. Seth, Springfield David Rugg*
 Northampton; 11. Carpenter, Lpton.
 MAlNE.—Oliver Dennett, Portland.
 Vermont.—Rowland T. Robinson, North Per
 ri te,,,.cor.-Jo»Ur 0 r.-Jo»U r N-.H«e.
 NE w li a m PSH tR rW eai-e I aPP»»*
 Ni w York. —Sidney 11. &lt;*ay, *42, Nassau
 Street; James McCuue Smith, 93, West Broadway;
 Joseph Post, Westburv, Queen ountv; Marv Har
 «er Alllanv; Elia* Doty, Macedon; Willett* Reese,
 Peru Clinton Countv; William S. Baltimore, Trov;
 J. F. Platt, Penn Van; J. Jeffrey, Geneva; E. L.
 Platt, Bath. _ _
 Rhode Island.—Amarancy Paine, Providence.
 Pennsylvania. —J. M. M Rim,Sl, North r ifth
 Street, Philadelpliia; G. W. Goines, 8, Exchange
 Place, Ditto; B. Bown,Piusburgli; Vm. Whipper,
 Columbia; Isaac Roberts, Jacob L. Paxon, Norris
 town, Montgomery County, Milo A. Townsend,
 New Brighton. f
 Ohio. —Christian Donaldson, Cincinnati; &gt;»at
 aen and Gaines, Ditto; Valentine Nicholson, Har
 veyshurgh, Warren Co.; Samuel Brooke, Salem.
 Michigan.—Robert Banks, Detroit.
 Indiana.—Joel P. Davis, Economy, ayne Co
iTollß of our Sliiocroarics.
MORE BLACKGUARDISM.
 The Washington Correspondent of
 the Boston Atlas has the following, un
 der date of Dec. 26, 1848:
 I have been an eye-witness to much
 of the anti-slavery agitation here; and
 what has been the result of it all A
 great deal of excitement has prevailed,
 many hard words have been exchanged
 and animosities engendered. Yet sla
 very exists. This question, as I said
 in one of my former letters, is the most
 important with which public men have
 to do; it is the one which should com
 mand the largest share of prudence,
 judgment, patriotism and common sense,
 and it is about the only one now-a-days
 which neither of these qualities are
 brought to bear upon. The question
 has become a political party hobby,
 North and So,uth. The leaders in it
 are fanatical, narrow-minded dema
 gogues, who care more tor their own
 places in Congress than they do for all
 the slaves in the Union. Prudent men
 hold back from communion with these
 men; and hence, although the subject
 forms a part almost daily of the doings
 in Congress, yet nothing is done in re
 ality which looks to the good of the
 country and the gradual redemption ot
 ♦he land from slavery.
 “There is, in my judgment, a stu
 pendous selfishness in nine-tenths of the
 anti-slavery and pro-slavery move
 ments which are made by the Gid
 dingses, the Palfreys, the Calhouns, the
 Rhetts, and others in Congress. The
 bill presented the other day by Mr.
 Giddings, to permit the slaves of this
 District to vote, is a striking instance oi
 the fact. Now, if he was really in
 earnest —if he wished to carry a bill
 through Congress to give the citizens
 of the District the privilege of express
 ing their views upon the subject, a wise
 and honest man would have so framed
 it as to obtain at least the good will ol
 the House. He would not have taken
 the most effectual means in his power
 to defeat his own measure. But Gid
 dings’ object was clearly agitation. He
 must exasperate the members.and make
 himself ‘a friend of humanity.’
 “Again, the proposition made by
 Mr. Gott, to instruct the Committee on
 the District of Columbia to report a bill
 to abolish the slave traffic in the Dis
 trict, is another instance of folly—to
 call it by no other name. The resolu
 tion itself was a very proper one, and
 one which every Northern membei
 ought to have voted for. But the reso
 lution is not enough. It must be pre
 faced with a preamble and half a dozen
 whereases, speaking of slavery as an
 institution contrary to the principles ol
 natural justice,’ &amp;.C., all of which was
 abstractly true, and in a country de
 bating society would have been very
 much in place. But to thrust it in the
 faces ol men who are to vote upon it—
 who are slaveholders themselves, and
 who represent slaveholding constituen
 cies, is what no prudent or well-disposed
 person would have done. Well whal
 he ctrecl? Why, it u con.id
 ered by many of the members as per
 sonally insulting, who had no objection
 to the resolution itself. The preamble
 was of no more use than a fifth wheel
 to a coach. Yet in u was thrust and
 what for?
 Ido honestly believe that party end*
 and private ambition lie at the bottom
 of a large share of these movements in
 Washington, and it is time that th&lt;
 lion’s skin should be torn from the ass’i
 body, and let the long ears be seen.
 believe that Mr. Calhoun and his imme
 diate worshippers art at heart in favoi
THE NORTH STAR.
of a dissolution of the Union. I be
 lieve the seme of Giddings and his fol
 lowers, When the Union is dissolved,
 we shall have King Giddings ruling the
 Northern dominions, and King Calhoun
 those of the South. Take both of these
 men out of Congress, and those who
 sympathize with their treasonable fana
 ticism, and let the people North and
 South, send men of plain sense, of in
 telligence and of honest purpose, to re
 present them in their place, and l do
 really believe that more would be ac
 complished for the cause of freedom
 and emancipation in two years than
 ever will be under thejpresent state of
 things.
 “One of theqe schemes is to have all
 sorts of ultra anti-slavery propositions
 intrqfluced, call the yeas ami nays, and
 make Northern Whigs vote for them;
 to sweeten the dose, such men as John
 Wentworth, Mr. Smart of Maine, and
 David Wilmot, of the locofoco party,to
 vote with them. Thus do they waste
 the time of Congress, and succeed in
 dividing the Whigs of the North from
 the Whigs of the South. Mr. Giddings,
 Mr. Root, and Mr. Palfrey, love Loco
 focoism better than they do Gen. Tay
 lor. During the late canvass, they
 charged him with being the most dan
 gerous man that could be elected, and
 they are afraid of their own predic
 tions. The Locofocos proper of course
 will oppose his administration. This
 game is deep, and thus far has been well
 played; but it is discovered, and 1
 think you will see a movement on the
 part of the Northern Whigs which will
 very plainly inform Mr. Giddings and
 his co-laborers that they may vote for
 their own propositions.
 Now the great question before the
 country, is in regard to extending the
 principles of the Wilmot Proviso over
 New Mexico and California It can be
 passed [and would be prosed without
 very serious opposition; the late can
 vass settled the point, and Southern
 Whigs were not disposed to seriously
 dispute. A measure like this would
 have been enough for one session, and
 would have satisfied all reasonable men.
 Yet the chances are not so favorable
 to-day as they were three weeks ago,
 and because the fanatical demagogues
 have come nearly every day with a
 number of sixpenny propositions,which
 have had the effect to exasperate and
 madden the Southern members. I do
 believe that Giddings Co. would glory
 more over the defeat of the Wilmot
 Proviso in the House than at any other
 thing that could happen.”
UNION OP THE SOUTH.
 It seems to us that it is high time for
 both parties in the South to present a
 united front of resistance to unjust ag
 gressions upon their rights. Unless
 they do this, and speedily, they may
 be left without any rights to protect.
 But almost as much depends upon
 the matter of defending ourselves, as
 upon the thing itself. A threatening,
 hectoring attitude, hot words and lofty
 talk, would be unjust to the calm and
 fixed purpose which pervades every
 Southern soul, to stand firm and shield
 the institutions and rights of the South
 from wrongs which are contemplated
 by men who are enemies, not only of
 the South, but of the Union and of lib
 erty itself.
 And while we say this, we also say
 to Southern Democratic presses, which
 are invoking all parties to unite, and in
 the same breath insinuating that Gen.
 Taylor is unsound on Southern sub
 jects, and charging that Fillmore is an
 abolitionist, you are taking strange steps
 to bring about your professed purpose.
 The Whigs of the South, they who are
 even more interested than the Demo
 crats, in the preservation of Southern
 property, can patiently brook no such
 taunts as that they have supported abo
 litionists for the highest offices of the
 government. Is a union to.be effected
 by such a mode of courtship.
 Southern Whigs will not silently sub
 mit to wrongs either from their geo
 graphical or political enemies. They
 are ready to bury the hatchet with the
 last, if necessary, to check the aggres
 sions of the first. But so far as the
 President who succeeds Mr. Polk is
 concerned, if Democrats can confide in
 the present incumbent, after his signa
 ture of the Oregon bill,Southern Whiga
 may well repose the most undoubting
 trust in Zachary Taylor, a Southron ol
 the Southrons; a Louisiana planter,
 with two hundred slaves; a man who
 was never false to himself, to hia
 friends, or t) his country; a citizen
 who has never uttered a syllable or per
 formed an act inconsistent with perfect
 fidelity to the South—the land of hit
 ancestors, of his home, of his interests,
 of his glory—of all, in a word, that can
 be near and dear to the human heart.—
 Richmond Repub.
|CjP The following paragraph is from
 the official organ of the present demo
 cratic administration, the Wash
 ington Union. See what terrible things
 will happen if Congress shall dareto
 abolish the slavery it has established in
 the District of Columbia! Oh, oh!
 We deeply regret Mr. Palfrey’s
 motion of yesterday to abolish slavery
 in the District of Columbia. It is a
 new torch of discord cast into the
 minds of the people. We still more
 deeply regret that 69 members should
 have been found in the House of Re
 presentatives to favor its introduction.
 Why disturb the happiness of a great
 people by such ill-advised and intem
 perate movements? It can come to no
 Sood. It will excite the country, and
 estroy the harmony of the Confedera
 cy. If pushed to its ultimate conse
 quences, it will shake the Union itself.
 What benefit can it render, to compen
 sate for these calamities?'*
right is of no sex—truth is of no color-god is the father of us all, and all we are brethren.
Here is another rabid specimen from
 the same paper:
 Another Blow.—Blow follows blow
 in rapid succession. We scarcely know
 what to expect. The abolitionists ap
 pear to run on with “an appetite as
 keen as death,” to the gratification oi
 their favorite object.
 The proceedings of Congress during
 this session,with respect to the question
 of slavery, have been of the most
 alarming and portentous character. It
 was not enough that the House of Re-
 I presentatives, without precedent, with*
 out necessity, and in contempt tor the
 rights of a large and patriotic portion
 of the Union, should have instructed
 the Committee on the Territories to re
 port a bill excluding slavery from New
 Mexico and California. Without pre
 cedent, for we recollect no case where,
 under similar circumstances, the same
 step has been taken before. Without
 necessity, because it was known that
 the same Committee, at the last session,
 had reported a similar bill in the at£»
 sence of specific instruction, and in all
 probability would do it again. In con
 tempt for the rights of the slaveholding
 States; for, without taking the high
 constitutional ground, it cannot be
 right, as a mere question of equality, to
 exclude their citizens from ail partici
 pation in the benefits of a country ac
 quired in a war to which they contri
 buted so largely in men and means.—
 This we say, and we might say more;
 because, without meaning any invidious
 comparison, it is notorious that the
 slaveholding States furnished more than
 their ratio of men —to say nothing
 about the money—for the Mexican war.
 It was not enough that a proposition
 should be made to take the sense, not
 only of the free negroes and mulattoes
 of the District of Columbia upon the
 question whether slavery should be
 abolished within it or not, but of the
 slaves themselves also, (such was the
 character of the proposition, as Mr.
 Giddmgs himself declared, upon inter
 rogatory,) and that it should have come
 from a member of a State (Ohio) which
 does not permit free negroes even to
 vote, and be voted for by 79 members;
 but Thursday, the House of Repre
 sentatives, by a vote of 98 to 87, in
 structed the Committee for the District
 of Columbia to introduce a bill abol
 ishing the slave trade within that Dis
 trict
 Do the gentlemen who have voted for
 these resolutions really see and fully
 comprehend to what their action is lead
 ing? Do they suppose that the South
 has become so tame, that they will not
 even turn when trodden upon? Do
 they suppose that they have lost the in
 stinct «of the mere reptile? We are
 aware that much has occurred of late
 to induce Northern and Western men
 to suppose that those of the South are
 indifferent about these questions. But
 they may rely upon it that such is not
 the case. It is true the Whig States
 of the South, and some of the doubtful
 ones, have lately voted for Gen. Tay
 lor and Mr. Fillmore: the former of
 whom occupied an equivocal position
 upon the subject of the Wilmot Provi
 so; and the latter, as we were sure,
 sympathized with the abolitionists. But
 it must be recollected that their friends
 represented them to be particularly re
 liable upon the subject of slavery, and
 that they were voted for by a large
 portion of the South upon that ground.
 Let not the country deceive itself by
 these manifestations; they are de
 ceptive.
 We speak not as a Southern man—
 not as a Virginian; but, Godkiiows! as
 an American —an American proud of
 his glorious country—as a friend of the
 Union—as a friend of political/reedom
 throughout the world, the sttccess of
 which depends upon our example. And
 we conjure those who would sap and
 undermine it—we would implore those
 who would sow tares between brethren
 —those who would disturb the feelings
 of mutual kindness—those who would
 discard those feelings of mutual con
 cession and compromise in which our
 blessed Union originated, and in which
 alone it can continue to exist, ‘to dis
 countenance it, to frown upon proceed
 ings calculated to endanger it. They
 may rely upon it, the late proceedings
 of Congress are of that description.—
 Let not any one of our countrymen de
 ceive themselves. We say this not in
 anger —in no spirit of intimidation, but
 from a deep sense of the excitement
 which the resolution of yesterday will
 produce, and the consequences it will
 carry with it. The appeal is made to
 the South and to the North, without
 regard to party. It is a question that
 overleaps all parties and all cliques. It
 is our country that calls upon us. It ii
 an appeal to the love for the Union it
 self —in behalf of that spirit of com
 promise on which this great confederacy
 is built, and by which it must be pre
 served.
MOVEMENTS AT THE SOUTH ON
 THE SLATEBT QUESTION.
 The agitation at the Sooth goes on with
 unabated vigor The slaveholder! an deter
 mined that no effort shall be spared to prevent
 the exclusion of slavery from California and
 New Mexico, and to prevent the abolition of
 the accursed traffic in the souls and bodies of
 men in the District of Columbia. The Rich*
 mood Enquirer a# the 3d inst. puhbsbes the
 proceedings of a public meeting of the people
 of King William County, Va., on thn 35th
 ult., professedly for the purpose of concerting
 mftwrtt in oppowtinn to what is called the
 late and alarming proceedings in Congress on
 the subject of slavery. The following resolu
 tions were adopted:
 Resolved, That it i* the imperative
 duty of thn Southern State* to note
 any farther intnUonnco on the aspect
 of slavsry, either w the Staten nr Tar-
ROCHESTER, N. Y., FRIDAY, JANUARY 19, 1849.
ritorie*, by the CongrtM of the United
 States, 41 at all hazards and to the last
 extremity.”
 Resolved, That we invite the aid and
 assistance of oar fellow-citizens of Vir
 ginia and the Southern States, on one
 combined resistance, (by every means
 which freemen have the right to as©,)
 to the late proceedings io the House of
 Representatives of the United States,
 on the subject of Negro Slavery.
 Resolved, That the President of this
 meeting do appoint a Committee of
 safety, for this county, and such other
 citizens as the President may select,
 whose duty it shall be to take such
 action as may from time to time be
 called for by the course of events.
 The Richmond Republican, urging
 the Virginia Legislature to have the
 Arsenal in that city converted into a
 Military Academy, says:
 Such a change is of importance
 not only to the diffusion of education
 through the State, but of that military
 knowledge and discipline which may be
 so essential to the South in a certain
 contingency. We would recommend a
 similar policy to all odr sister States of
 the South. South Carolina has two
 prosperous Military Academies one
 at Charleston and one at Columbia.—
 Let the South be prepared to defend
 her rights, and they will never be as
 sailed.”
 Virginia. —The following resolutions
 have been introduced into the Virginia
 House of Delegates by‘Mr. Scott,
 whig, as a substitute for the ultra
 Southern series presented by Mr.
 Floyd:
 Resolved, That the institution of sla
 very was fully discussed by the Con
 vention which formed the Constitution
 of the United States, and that the rights
 of the slaveholder were fully recognize#
 by its provisions; that, without the
 compromises then solemnly entered into
 the Union of the States could never
 have been formed.
 Resolved, That whether Congress pos
 sesses the constitutional power to pro
 hibit or abridge the free immigration
 of a slaveholder with his slaves to a
 Territory of the United States, is a
 question on which men may and do hon
 estly differ in opinion.
 Resolved, That if Congress does
 possess that power, any exercise of it
 which would abridge the right of a
 slaveholder to immigrate, with his
 slaves, to a territory acquired by the
 common blood and treasure of the
 whole nation, would be contrary to the
 spirit of conciliation and compromise,
 under which the Federal Government
 was formed, unjust to the slaveholding
 States, and an abuse of the power
 which would interrupt, if not destroy,
 that harmony between the States so
 necessary to the healthful action of the
 Federal Government, and the preserva
 tion of our glorious Union.
 Resolved, That the fundamental prin
 ciples of our own and all free Govern
 ments are, that the people are capable
 of self-government; that all legitimate
 power resides in and emanates from the
 people; that governments are instituted
 for the benefit of the governed, and
 are their trustees and agents, and con
 sequently it would be unjust legislation,
 and a tyrannical abuse of power, to
 force domestic slavery upon an unwil
 ling people. In the case of California
 and New Mexico, it would aggravate
 the wounds inflicted by war and con
 quest and sow the seeds of disaffection
 and revolt.
 Resolved, That the question of sla
 very in California and New Mexico is
 merely transient -in its nature, and no
 matter how decided in Congress, can
 never produce any practical effect;
 that those territories were free when
 acquired, and so according to every
 reasonable probability must remain.—
 Congness cannot legislate slavery into
 practical* existence within their limits,
 and it is matter of indifference, so far
 as its existence there is concerned,
 whether Congress engraft into their
 forms of government, what is known as
 the Wilmot Proviso, the Missouri Com
 promise, or the Senate’s resolution.
 Resolved, That the unity of Govern
 ment, which constitutes us one people,
 is now as dear to us as it ever has been.
 It is justly so; for it is a main pillar in
 the edifice of our real independence,
 the support of our tranquility at home,
 our peace abroad; of our safety; of our
 prosperity; of that very liberty we so
 highly prize. _
 Resolved, That we prize the Union
 of these States too highly, to fly to
 arms and dissolve it upon a difference ef
 opinion on an abstract question of con
 stitutional law.
 Resolved, That the passage of a law
 by Congress, prohibiting the introduc
 tion of slaves into California and New
 Mexico, contrary to the wishes of the
 people in those territories, would be a
 tyrannical abuse of power; the passage
 of such a law, under existing circum
 stances, being wholly unnecessary even
 to accompli*, so far as those temto
 ries are concerned, the wishes of the
 most ardent abolition* would be a
 gratuitous outrage on Southern feelings
 Lid manifest a spir* of hostility to the
 rithts of the Sooth secured by the Con
 stitution, but too well calculated to keep
 alive and increase the apprehension for
 the safety of those ngfits, aheady un
 happily excited, and ufiunately alienate
 the attachment of the Southern States
 to the Federal Government.
 Resolved, That while we deprecate
 anna, lor a mere abstract* n, we stand
 ready to resist all invamoa of our rights
 —whether by the assumption ef power
 tyraaaoos use of graatoa powers.
 Resolved, That w# consider any m
 tetfbrenee of Coagrsss withia tha Die
 trid of CoiaiobU,
 of iu iolubitanU, with ihe n*kt* of tbe
slaveholder, among which in thn right
 to hay and sell, at variance with thn
 fundamental principle of free govern*
 menu, end a direct attack upon the
 institutions of the Southern States; the
 first net of meditated war upon the
 rights secured by the Constitution,
 which ought to. be met at the thres
 hold and restated at every hazard.
 Resolved, That the Governor of the
 Commonwealth be requested to send a
 copy of these resolutions to each of the
 States of this Union, and also to our
 Senators in Congress, and each of the
 members of the House of Represent
 atives.
Selections.
THE PACHECO CASE.
 The following interesting history of the
 Pacheco case, and the recent close vote
 upon it in Congress, is from the New York
 Tribune:
 Washington, Jan. 6.
 The debate on the claim of one An
 tonio Pacheco, of Florida, (or rather
 of his heirs, since Pacheco him
 self has died during the pendency of his
 claim) was to-day closed by Mr. Gid
 dings, of Ohio, in a speech of remarka-
 force, and which, in spite of Mr.
 G.’s unpolished delivery, rose at times
 to the region of eloquence. The claim
 is based on a state of facts substantially
 as follows:
 Early in the progress of the Florida
 War upon the Seminoles, Major Dade
 hired of Pacheco, at $25 per month,
 his slave Lewis to guide through the
 country of the hostile savages the expe
 dition which Major D. commanded.—
 Lewis was a negro of remarkable abili
 ties, spoke four languages fluently, and
 it would seem was a secret confederate
 and spy of the Indians at the time.—
 When about half way to his destination,
 the expedition was suddenly attacked
 by the Indians and almost entirely de
 molished, hardly a man escaping. The
 negro was no more heard of until near
 the close of this war, when he came in
 among a band of Seminoles, who sur
 rendered, finding longer resistance im
 possible. He was now claimed by his
 old master, but (whether in accordance
 with the terms of capitulation or other
 wise does not appear) General Jessup
 resisted the claim, and decided that
 Lewis must go West with the discom
 fited savages— -and so be did. Where
 upon Pacheco ctnsnMi payment for him
 by the Government.
 Mr. Giddings’ opposition was based
 on the general grounds that the Federal
 Constitution does not recognize human
 beings as property —that no slave was
 ever paid for by this Government (save
 in a single case through inadvertence)
 —that successive Congresses, on the
 reports of Committees composed in part
 of slaveholders, have rejected like
 claims—and that to pass this would be
 setting up a most mischievous and dan
 gerous precedent. He spoke with great
 fervor and plainness, and his speech
 excited much sensasion. I apprehend,
 however, that, by placing this case on
 the broad ground of No Property in
 Man, instead of the special facts intrin
 sically involved inlt, his speech helped
 the bill. When he bad concluded, Mr.
 Hilliard, of Ala., obtained the floor,
 and,after a few general remarks, moved
 the Previous Question, which was sec
 onded, the Main Question ordered, the
 Yeas and Nays called, and the House
 brought to a direct vote on the final
 passage of the bill.
 The call proceeded in silence, and it
 soon became apparent that the vote
 would be close. Every member present
 from the slave States voted Aye, with a
 number from the free States, among
 whom I remarked Mr. Rose, of N. Y./
 and Mr. Ch. Butler, of Pa. When
 the list had been called through, and
 some time spent in figuring up, the As
 sistant Clerk paused and figgeted, and
 there was evidently a botheration of
 some sort. A member rose who had
 not voted and asked to have his name
 called. He voted Aye; whereupon an
 other made the same demand, and voted
 No—so that it was as broad as it was
 long. The clerk handed his tally-list
 to the Speaker, who announced the
 vote Yeas 90, Nays 89, presenting a
 case in which the Speaker is expected
 to vote. He commenced some remarks
 preliminary to voting, manifesting con
 siderable reluctance and trepidation,
 but he was just beginning to intimate
 that he should vote No and defeat the
 bill by a tie, when the Clerk again
 called his attention, and announced
 that the vote stood Yeas 91, Nays 89,
 so that the bill was passed and no oc
 casion for the Speaker’s vote. Where
 upon ensued a motion for reconsidera
 tion by Mr. Burt, of S. C. and to
 that motion on the table, and another
 for a call of the House; hot the latter
 was voted down and the former on re
 flection with-drawn. Mr. Cocke of
 Tenn. renewed the motion to recon
 sider, but thought again ane withdrew
 it, end Mr. Palfrey moved a call of the
 Hooae, which the Speaker rgled oat of
 order —nothing having been done since
 the last move for a call was rejected.
 —Now cooes the best part of the
 story: It seems, on a careful foenitiay,
 that the vote on the passage of ths
 Pacheco bill actually stood—Yeas 89,
 Nays 89—a fir, so that the Speaker’*
 vote in the negative would *hgre de
 feated the btfl! This will
 cosw ap on a motion to correct the
 journal on Monday, tho Speaker rahfl
 —Ths hiH providing for a Board oi
 C psuaiesioatrs to invletigete and settle
 Private Claims was father debated to
 day, and to be taken out of Com
 mittee at I 1-9 on Monday. I think a
 will pus. bet that is not certain.*
EXTRACT FROM I. K. GIDDIHG*
 REPLY TO TRVXiff SMITH.
 In the month of April, an outrage
 upon humanity of a more enormoui
 character transpired there, than any
 which had ever taken place, in the city
 of Washington. That head in human
 shape, Hope H. Slatter, a notorious
 slavedealer, in open davlight, marched
 fifty-two mothers and daughters, hue
 bands, wives, sisters and brothers, from
 the jail built with the money of our peo
 ple, to the railroad depot, from wheooa
 they were taken to Baltimore, and
 there shipped to the New Orleans slave
 market. Mothers were torn from their
 children husbands separated from
 wives; children were seen taking the
 last agonizing look towards their par
 ents; while despair and unutterable
 horror marked each countenance in that
 mournful procession, as they were driv
 en from home and friends, and all they
 held dear in life, to premature deaths
 amid the sugar and cotton plantations
 of the South. This was done under
 the laws of Congress. There was the
 Speaker elected by the Whig party—
 there were the committees arranged
 and constituted by him for the purpose
 of upholding and continuing these
 heaveu-daring crimes. A majority of
 them were Whigs. They at that mo
 ment held in their possession the peti
 tions of thousands of our people from
 the free States, praying to be relieved
 from the guilt of sustaining this traffic
 in human beings. Yet scenes like this,
 nor all the influence that philanthropy
 could bring to bear upon them, could
 ieduce those Whig Committees to take
 one step towards relieving their con
 stituents and mine from the damning
 stain of such infamy. And yon now
 taunt me for refusing to vote for a
 Speaker who has exerted his official
 power to uphold crimes like these!—
 You claim him to ba a Whig, and those
 committees to he Whigs, carrying out
 Whig doctrines and Whig practices,
 by thus maintaining a commerce in men
 created in the image of our God! If
 this be whig doctrines and whig prac
 tices, then I say distinctly before Heav
 en, I am no whig.
 I believe it would be no more offen
 sive to God for our nation to make
 merchandize of you and me, or of that
 whig Speaker and those whig commit
 tees, than it is to sustain a commerce
 in the bodies of those people who, by
 laws of Congress are now daily sold in
 Washington City. My constituents
 would be as willing to see your children
 sold in market as those of other men.
 They would be as willing to see your
 wife torn from your embrace, and sold
 into degrading servitude, and doomed
 tq premature death, as they are to see
 the wives of other men subjected to
 such lingering murder. Now, sir, can
 the name Whig sanction such crimes
 with them. They are a moral and re
 ligious people. They &lt;lo not indulge
 the belief that they can justify such
 crimes before an Omniscient Judge, by
 saying that “they did it in order to up
 hold the whig party.” Sir, you mistake
 the character of my constituents entire
 ly. They are an enlightened people.—
 They understand the distinction be
 tween principle and party between
 measures and men. They have ever
 been foremost in the support of whig
 doctrines—the strongest whig district in
 the United States. They have been
 such upon principle, and they despise
 the power of party, when it comes in
 conflict with the great moral and politi
 cal truths on which our government is
 based. No party can'drive them.—
 Acting upon the dictates of enlightened
 consciences, guided by accurate knowl
 edge of political matters, they look with
 contempt upon the miserable artifices
 put forth by demagogues and designing
 politicians, to mislead them. They
 stand pledged to God and man to exert
 their utmost to separate the Federal
 government and themselves from crimes
 like those which are now upheld by the
 whig committees of the House of Re
 presentatives. They well understand
 that no effectual movement in that body
 can be made in that body, except
 through those committees, unless two
 thirds of the House consent. The
 slaveholders will not willingly cease
 their traffic, and they vote against all
 efforts to stop the slave trade. These
 committees, therefore, stand between
 humanity and the slave dealers, sus
 taining and protecting them in carrying
 on a commerce in our fellow-men.—
 These committees were appointed for
 that purpose by a Speaker elected by
 the whig party. And you now attempt
 to anathematize me for not voting for a
 man who I was conscious, was pledged
 to this very policy.
 The bearing which your letter was
 designed to exert upon me, or my poli
 ticalinfluence, is of small importance;
 hut so far as it is an attempt to estab
 lish and carry into exorcise tbs tyranny
 of party, by proclaiming your bill of
 excommunication against me for daring
 to obey my conoeicnce and God’s law,
 in preference to the biddings ot •Poli
 tical party, tf m worthy of serious re
 ply; indeed, except for this considera
 tion, I should not have answered you.
 Sir, 1 think the day for wielding the
 lash of party has gone by forever. It
 can effect little among intelligent and
 honest men. They feel that each ie
 morally responsible for bis own politi
 cal conduct. Mfn have leaned to
 think for the—elves. They know that
 Gad has given them powers of thought
 end redaction for the purpose of being
 exercised. They fod that by voting
 for men who uphold and sustain crimso,
 they make themeelvaa partners in gain
 Ton may regard the abvetrade now
 carried on in the District of CeiuadNo
 a* a matter of no importance; hut th#
 people of Ohio look upon »*hdin
 No fcnw sf boinf wjmnjwM
 entod from the wlpg party could drive
JOHN DICK. Pvsusasa.
WHOLE NO-56.
1 to luMiin for office any man who
 would exert his official power to uphold
 that disgrace of our net km and human*
 Nor could they knowingly be led
 to support the man who, by the ties of
 interest, of education, and of associa
 tion, was pledged to establish slave
 markets upon soil now consecrated to
 freedom. 1 fear and believe that some
 have been beguiled into the support of
 such a man for President. If so, a just
 retribution awaits those who have mis
 led and deceived them. It is morally
 certain that Southern whiffs who sup
 ported General Taylor under the belief
 that he was favorable to the extension
 of slavery, or Northern whigs who sus
 tained him under the cooviction that he
 was opposed to that national crime and
 disgrace, have been deceived. The
 President elect is in favor of that heav
 en-defying iniquity, or he is opposed to
 I it. God himself cannot be on both
 sides of that question. A few short
 months will determine whether the
 North or the South have been duped.—
 Sir, as a friend, I would advise the sup
 porters of General Taylor, who reside
 in the free States, to be a little cautious
 in their manifestations of confidence in
 their political power. If they shall
 exclude slavery from our newly-ac
 quired territory—if they refuse admis
 sion to any more slave States—if they
 shall relieve the people of the free
 States and the Federal Government
 from the deep and damning guilt of
 maintaining a commerce in the bodies
 of men, now carried on upon our South
 ern coast and in the District of Colum
 bia, and shall fully separate and purify
 the people of the free States from the
 contagion of slavery then, sir, our
 children will rise up and call them
 blessed.” But if they extend slavery
 —if they admit more slave States to
 this Union—if they continue the slave
 trade upon our Southern coast and in
 the District of Columbia—if they con
 tinue to legislate in favor of slavery in
 the States then retributive justice
 awaits them. They will doubtless se
 cure to themselves the loaves and
 fishes” of office for the time being; but
 the deep stain of their crime will be
 rendered more distinct by the increas
 ing light now brought to bear upon the
 act 9 of public men. Think not that the
 supporters of slavery can hide their
 public doings amid the obscurity of past
 years. A new era has dawned upon
 our country. The people of the free
 States are beginning to awake to the
 protection of their rights. Their con
 centrated scrutiny is directed to the
 votes and acts of our public men, and
 those who now serve nder Northern
 rights at the bidding of the slave pow
 er, cannot escape merited retribution.
From the Ohio Bugle, g|
 ‘THE YOUNG ABOLITIONISTS.*
 Marlboro,' Nor. 12, 1848.
 To the Readers of the Bugle
 Dear Friends, —Before me is a work
 entitled The Young Abolitionists, or.
 Conversations on Slavery;’ by J.
 Elizabeth Jones. It is just from the
 Anti-Slavery press of Boston. 1 have
 read this little book with great profit
 and satisfaction. The principles,
 practices and spirit of American Slave
 ry are brought out in it clearly and dis
 tinctly, and to the comprehension of
 the class of readers for whose benefit
 it was designed. It was written for
 children; and the child who begins to
 read it will not be likely to lay it aside
 till it is read through. It is in the form
 of Dialogue, and the conversation in
 carried on with spirit and animation.
 The author has contrived to impart in
 struction to children on the most radical
 and only true principles of Anti-Slavery.
 I see not how any child can read that
 book or hear it read, and not receive
 lasting benefit.
 The writer has done a good work for
 Anti-Slavery. She has struck a blow
 for Freedom in the right place. If the
 children of Ohio could get at that book,
 and read it, and imbibe its spirit, it
 would matter but little what constitu
 tions or laws were made to uphold the
 system of fraud and violence. Slavery
 would be dead in the State, and noth
 ing could keep it alive. One effort
 made with children, tells more power
 fully against slavery than ten made
 with adults. Children are bora aboli
 tionists; this work is designed to keep
 them so, and to prevent them from im
 bibing the spirit of violence and op
 pressien that is so rife arouod them in
 this land of boasted liberty. The facts
 and illustrations embodied in The
 Young Abolitionists,' are pertinent end
 forcible, and peculiarly fitted to make a
 deep aod abiding impression on the
 hearts of children in favor of human
 liberty. It would greatly benefit the
 righteous cause of Anti-Slavery, and
 help to hasten the day of the slave's
 redemption, if the Abolitionists of this
 State and of the country would take
 measures to get that book into general
 circulation.
 1 would say tor the information of
 Abolitionists, that The Young Aboli
 tionists, is bound in two kinds of biad-
 Mg owe is 20 cents per copy, reteil
 price; the ether, 30 cents. It may be
 bad at the office of the Anti-Slavery
 Bogle, in Salem.
 HENRY C. WRIGHT
 A Hist ut Time.—Doe day a trav
 elier met the plague going Cairo,
 roptiod, “I killed but 3,000,
 Sard* the rest.” The moral is good
 Tbs first tone we had the cholera in this
 S?.fc~hfflsd moay—tke ascend time
 there was lass fear, and fewer deaths.
 —jr. r. fer.
 1 Forty pounds of Cahfcsnia gold are
 g»~ A M Vtwb t&gt; L
 no i now iwi Pinn.
