Notices.
W# wfth WiTflfMfnl
 Auul lMUif«rtkc liMMfcMrtll
 AatMMtfcrr Nctelf*
 The annul) meeting of the Massachusetts
 Anti-Slavery Society will be heW in Boston,
 on Wednesday, January 24th, commencing
 at 10 o’clock, A. M., ahd will probably con
 tinue in ao—ion the two succeeding days.
 The signs of the times ere no auspicious for
 the friend* of emancipation, that a large and
 spirited attendance on their pan is confidently
 expected. Such are the facilities of railroad
 conveyance, every part of the Commonwealth
 ought to be well represented. We cordially
 invite our friends, beyond the limits of Mas
 sachusetts, to be with us on the approaching
 anniversary. The Slave Power is beginning
 to falter—fresh adherents are daily rallying
 around the standard of Liberty—and the cr
 •of‘NO UNION WITH SLAVE-HOLD
 ESS’ ts causing the knees of the oppressor v
 tremble. We must press onward until ou
 work is accomplished, the slave liberated fror
 his chains, and the land purged from its stain
 of pollution and blood.
 FRANCIS JACKSON, Present.
 Edmund Quincy, Secretary.
Western New York Anti-Slavery Society.
 The Executive Committee will meet on
 Tuesday evening next, Jan. 53, at the Anti-
 Slavery Office, 25, Buffalo Street.
 Attendance ia requested at half past 7
 o'clock precisely.
 W. C. NELL, Rec. Sec
 Notice to the Public and Instructions to
 Postmasters.
 I. A Postal Treaty has been entered into
 between Creat Britain and United States,
 placing the correspondence between the two
 countries, the mail packets of each govern
 ment, and the postal charges upon equal and
 reciprocal footing.
 11. letters posted or charged in the United
 States will be rated at a half ounce to the
 single letter, over a half and not exceeding an
 ounce as a double letter, over an ounce and
 not exceeding an ounce and a half as a treble
 letter, and so on, each half ounce or fractional
 excess constituting a rate. In England the
 half ounce limits the single letter, the full
 ounce the double letter, but on letters ex
 ceeding the ounce, and not exceeding two
 ounces four rates are charged; also on letters
 exceeding two ounces and not exceeding
 three ounces, six rates are charged that is,
 two rates are imposed for each excess over an
 ounce.
 111. The single rate to be charged on each,
 letter posted in the United States addressed
 to any place in Great Britain or Ireland is 24
 cents, the double rate 48 cents, the teble rate
 72 cents, and so on according to the United
 States scale of progression in weight.—See
 No. 8.
 IV. Like single, double, tbele, &amp;e. rates
 will be collected on each letter according to
 its weight, which is posted in Great Britain i
 or Ireland wihont being prepaid, and is re- j
 eeived at any office in the United States for j
 delivery.
 V. Said postage on letters going to any
 place in Great Britain or Ireland may be pie-!
 paid, if the whole amount is tendered at the
 office in the United States, when mailed, at
 the option of the sender.
 VI. ’Newspapers may be mailed at any
 office in the United States to any place in the
 United Kingdom on the payment of two cents,
 and may, on receipt from any place in Great
 Britain or Ireland, be delivered at any office
 in the United States on payment of two cents.
 Note—Each Government is to charge 2 cents
 on each newspaper. These are to be sent in
 bands or cavers, open at the sides and ends,
 and to contain no manuscript whatever.
 VII. On each pamphlet received therefrom,
 there is to be prepaid in the first place, and
 charged and collected id the second, one cent
 for each ounce in weight, or a fractional ex
 cess of an ounce. These are to be sent in
 bands or covers, open at the ends or sides, so
 as readily to be examined, and to contain no
 manusciipt whatever.
 VIII. On letters addressed to any place in
 British North America, not to be conveyed
 by sea, there shall be charged a postage
 equal to the United States postage, and the
 Province postage combined but, as this De
 partment is notfinformed of the British Prov
 ince rates, the United States postage to the
 lines will be charged, and prepayment thereof
 required, until the details are ascertained and
 settled, as required by the 21st article of the
 Treaty. United States postage on news
 papers to Canada and other British Provin
 ces is to be prepaid.
 IX. On letters to be sent to any foreign
 country or British possession, and mailed for
 that purpose to any Past office in the Island
 of Great Britain, there must be prepaid, if
 aent by a British packet, 5 cents the single
 rate, and if by an American packet, 21 cents
 —to be doubled, trebled, &amp;c. according to
 weight.
 X. On letters received from Foreign coun
 tries or English possessions, through the Lon
 don or any other Post Office in Great Britain,
 to be delivered in the United states, the for
 eign and British postage is to be prepaid, and
 what remains is to be collected on delivery
 liete in such cases is simply the United States
 postage —5 cents, single, if brought by an
 American packet; 40 cents if such Tetters are
 delivered at San Francisco, Astoria, or any
 other place in the territory of the United
 States on the Pacific, when brought to an
 Atlantic port by a British steamship, and 56
 cento if brought by an American steamship.
 XL On British or foreign letters received
 in the United Slates to be forwarded to the
 West Indies by American packets, or any
 place on the Gulf of Mexico, to Chagres or
 Panama, in the United States mails, the sin
 gle postage charge will be (as the British
 postage and the postage arising in its transit
 to Great Britain most be prepaid) 12 1-2 cento
 if to Havana, 20 cents if to any other place in
 the V\ eat Indies or on the Gulf of Mexico, oi
 to Chagres 30 cents if to Panama, with 16
 cento added if brought to the United States
 fiom Great Britain in an American packet.
 XII. Care is to be taken to see that all
 American postage on letters from Havana,
 from other places m the Gulf of Mexico,
 from our Pacific possessions, and from the
 British North American provinces, i* in
 the United Slates before the same rsdis
 patehed by mail to Great Britain.
 XIII. Newspapers for countries bevond
 Great Britain may be sent on the prepayment
 of two cents each—also pamphlet* as stipu
 lated under No. 7—and newspapers and pam
 phlets received from oouutries beyond Great
 Britain are to be delivered on the payment of
 two cento for each newspaper, and one cent
 per ounce rn weight of each pamphlet.
 XIV. Postmasters are cautioned to write
 on their post-pills, opposite each entry of a
 foreign letter, newspaper or pamphlet posted
 by them respectively, the word “foreign,” the
 better to enable the Postmasters of New-York
 end Boston, and any others that may be des
 ignated, to make a separate quarterly report
 of the amount of foreign postage.
 XV. The Postmasters of Boston sod New
 York will be specially instructed as to tho
 closed mails contemplated by the treaty, the
 mode of keeping their accounta of foreign
 postage, and that of mailing and acknowl
 edging redpu of foreign matter.
 C. JOHNSON Postmaster Geneva!
 Post Office Department January 8, 1*49.
 A Model Message. Gov. Williams come
 prises all he has to say to the New Hawi»hu»
 legislature in a short new»p*per column
 confining himself entirely to Sute affair#
CnffShpi—Vsu of the Tribe—
 Prsrwilf at Vaihkgtsi.
 Washington, Monday, Jan. 8.
 Senate—Mr. Hale unseated a memorial
 Abolition of Slavery sod the
 Slave Tnde, wherever the General Govern
 twnt had junsdtctioa, and moved its inference
 to Committee, with itwtroctwns to report a
 bill in accordance with the prayer of the
 petitioners, as far as related to the District of
 'Olumbu.
 Mr. King moved to lay the question of the
 reception of the petition on the table.
 &lt;i r Hale contended that Mr. King was out
 001 h,Tio 8 yielded the Hour.
 Mr. Tfceateott maintained that Mr. King’s
 morion was always in order.
 The Chau so decided, and the motion to
 lay oo the table was earned. 25 Ayes, 16
 Noes, as follows:
 Yeas —Atchison, Atherton, Bell, Benton.
 Berrian, Borland, Butler, Clayton, Davis of
 Min. Dickinson, Downs, Fitzgerald, Fitx-
 Houston, Hunter, Johnson
 of La. King, Metcalfe, Pearce, Rusk, Stur
 geon, Turney, Uunderwood, Westrott—2s.
 Nats —Allen, Baldwin, Bradbury, Bright,
 Cameron, Corwin, Dayton, Dix, Fetch, Hale,
 Hamlin, Miller, Niles, Spruance. Upham,
 Walker—l 6.
 The Northern men voting Aye are Ather
 ton, Dickinson, Fitigerald and Sturgeon.
 1 Mr. Corwin presented a remonstrance,
 against the extension of Slavery to Territories
 now free, which was laid on the table a* above,
 without a division.
 HOUSE Or REPRESENTATIVES.
 The Speaker said if would be remembered
 that on Saturday the vote on the bill for the
 relief of Antonio Pacheco was announced as
 Ayes 90, Noes 89. Xh* 1 Chair was about
 giving his reasons for voting, when he was
 interrupted by the Clerk, who informed liim
 that on a re-count he discovered the vote stood
 91 Ayes, 89 Noes. The Chair then annouced
 the bill to be passed. On a more careful re
 examination of the vote, however, it was
 j fouud that an error still existed and the vote
 was 89 Ayes, HU Noe*&gt;. If therefore there
 were no farther correction of the Journal to
 be made, tUe Chair would proceed to vote.
 Mr. J. W. Farrelly of Pa. here inquired
 if his vote was recorded.
 Clerk replied in the negative.
 Mr. F.—l voter! in the negative,
 j The Speaker.—lt is the gentleman’s right
 to have his vote recorded.
 Mr. Houston of Ala. asked to have the
 yeas and nays read over by the Clerk, and
 general consent being given they were read.
 Sir. Pettit asked if a motion to reconsider
 was in order.
 i Mr. C. J. Ingersoll said he was not quite
 I sure whether lie was in the House on Saturday
 in time to vote. He knew' he came in as the
 vote was being called, for he stopped to ask
 what the question was. If however—
 The Speaker.—lf the gentlemen diJ not
 1 vote on Saturday it is evident he cannot vote
 now.
 The Speaker then called on the Clerk to
 announce the vote, which he did, as ses 89,
 Ndfes 90.—The Speaker than said the House
 would perceive there was no necessity for the
 (.’hair to vote, as Jib vote could not affect the
 result.
 Some conversation took place between sun
 dry members, the House appearing to be in
 a very undecided state as to what should lie
 done, when
 Mr. Sawyer resolved the diffiuclty, by mov
 inga re-consideration of the vote.
 The Speaker then announced that the bill
 being a private one the motion to reconsider
 must go over until Friday, the next Private
 Bill day.
 Mr. Meade of Va. moved a suspension of
 the rules to enable the following resolution to
 be considered:
 Whereas, it is the duty of the Congress of
 the United Slates to enact all laws necessary
 to enforce such provisions of the Constitution
 as were intended to protect the citizens of the
 several Slates in their rights of property; and
 past experience has proved that laws should
 be passed by Congress to enforce the 2d Sec,
 j of the 4th Art. of the Constitution, which
 requires that persons held to labor in one
 State, escaping into another, shall be delivered
 up on claim of the party to whom such labor
 may be due, therefore.
 Resolved, That the Committee on the
 Judiciary is hereby instructed to report a bill
 to this House, providing effectually for the
 apprehension and delivery of fugitives from
 labor who have escaped, or may hereafter es
 cape, from one State into another.
 The vote was taken by ayes and noes, re
 j suiting—Ayes 78, Noes 100
 I Two-ilurds not voting in the affirmative,
 the rules were not suspended.
 Washington, Tuesday, Jan. 9.
 I Senate —The Senate was late in orgaitiz
 ing, and when 12 o’clock had arrived, there
 were but ten members present; finally the
 Vice-President took his seat and called to
 order.
 petitions.
 Mi. Underwood offered a petition asking an
 appropriation on the part of government to
 remove the free*colored population to Liberia
 or to some place beyond the jurisdiction of the
 United States. He then moved that the pe
 tition be received and referred to the Judiciary
 Committee w ith instructions to inquire whe
 ther Congress possesses power under the
 Constitution to make such an appropriation;
 and if so, whether it is expedient to exercise
 it.
 Mr. Hale moved to lay the question of re
 ception on the table, on which motion the
 Yeas and Nays were ordered, and decided m
 the negative by Yeas 10 Nays 35.
 Mr. Dayton moved to postpone the subject
 until tomorrow, which was carried.
 THE ADMISSION OF CLIFORNIA AS A STATE.
 Mr. Berrien, Chairman of the Committee
 on the Judiciary to whom had been relerred
 the bill for admitting the Territory of Califor
 nia into the Union as a State, made a long
 and able adverse report.
 Mr. Masou of Va. said that tlie great im
 portance of this subject to the people, and
 indeed to the whole country, required that the
 report should be widely circulated. He there
 fore moved that 10,000 extra copies of the
 same be printed.
 Mr. Douglass spoke at lengih in reply to
 the arguments ot the report. He contended
 that recent events would speedily supply suf
 ficient population to justify the application of
 California for admission as a State, and con
 cluded by defending the bill against the objec
 tions of the Committee.
 The Committee Report makes three objec
 tions to the bill; first, that it is unpreced
 ented second, that it is uncotiiilituuoaa];
 third, that it is inexpedient to admit a Terri
 tory as a Stale before some previously organ
 ized Government existed. Beside it would be
 unconstitutional to divide a Stale after it had
 been once admitted. When it became a
 State its division would be beyond the con
 trol of Congress.
 Mr. S. Downs said that lie was in a min
 ority of one ou the Commuter, w ho dissented
 from the majority on some points of the re
 port. He did not see the report until this
 morning, and had not had time to make a
 counter report. He staled, however, that be
 would do so at a future time. He thought
 the bill might have been modified.
 Mr. Butler replied to the iitumauon that
 i the Committee }had reported without a full
 consideration. No subject had ever been
 considered with pester deliberation, or mote
 fully investigated m Committee. Every fa
 cility bad been afforded the friends of tbe bill,
 *»d others interested in its merits, to be
 beard.
 Mr. Foote said that be was in favor of
 printing a large number of extra copies of tbe
 report. The subject was one of great magm
 tnde to tbe country, and though he did not
 approve of all tbe dortnoes of the report, yet
 be was ia favor of its being widely emulated
 among (be people.
 Mr. Borneo, as tbe author of tbe report,
 gave a sUtemoot of tbe proceedings U the
 Committee in order to show that all oppor
 tunities for a full and free conaoluooa ware
offered to tbe advanttes of the bill. He west
 tbe potato in tbe report which
 bad been wailed.
 r Weffieott said that he concurred fuffy
 in the report; there crimed oo power
 Congress, under the Constitution, to creole
 State.
 Mr. Dayton said that be was peculiarly
 situated.—-That be was tbe only Northern
 member or tbe Committer, hot that be nob
 scribed to the main doctrine set forth, and
 concurred with the report that it was not
 constitutional nor expedient to admit California
 at the present time as a State'.
 Hereupon the usual number of copies of
 the Report for the one of the Seam were
 ordered to be printed. For tbe present tbe
 farther consideration of tbe subject was then
 poepooed.
New-York Legislature naff Slavery.
 The legislature of New-Yoik, (says the
 Evanglist) among its first business, passed a
 series of joint resolutions on the subject of
 slavery, which defines the posit mm of the Em
 pin? State in this momentous issue in tbe nAst
 satisfactory manner. The resolutions met
 with some feeble opposition, but scarcely
 enough to detract from their chaaacter &lt;2
 unanimity. It baa now become as unpopular
 to appear as tbe advocate or apologist ot
 bfavery, as it wasa few years ago to express
 hostility to it. Times are changed indeed;
 and now that the hateful institution, in favor
 of which not one word of apology ever could
 be urged, is on a down-hill progress, it will
 soon not hare a friend left. Tbe resolutions
 are as follow g
 Whereas the people of Mew-Xexico, have
 petitioned Congress for the establishment of
 a territorial government, which shall protect
 them against the institution of domestic slave
 ry. while they remain a territory of the United
 1 Slates, and have also petitioned Cougress for
 protection against tho unfounded claims of the
 State of Texas to a large portion of their
 territory lying east of the Rio Grande and
 whereas it would be unjust to the people of
 New-Mexieo, ami revolting to the spirit ol
 the age, to permit domestic slavery, an in
 stitution from which they are now free, to be
 introduced among them and whereas since
 the acquisition of New-Mexico and California
 by the United Slates, the people thereof have
 a right to the prelection of the General
 Government, and should lie secured in the
 full possession and enjoyment of the new ter
 ritory therefore.
 Resolved, (if the Assembly concur,) That
 our Senators in Congress be instructed, and!
 our Representatives be requested to use their
 best efforts to procure the passage of laws for
 the establishment of governments for the ter
 ritories acquired by the late treaty of peace
 with Mexico, and that hy such laws, invo
 luntary servitude, except for crime, be excluded
 front such territory.
 Resolved, (if the Assembly concur) That
 the territory lying between the Nueces and
 the Rio Grande, and that portion of New
 Mexico lying east of the Rio Grande, are the
 common property of the United States, and
 that our Senators and Representatives in Con
 gress, lie requested to use their bent efforts to
 preserve the same as such common property,
 and protect it from the unfounded claims ot
 the State of Texas, and prohibit the extension
 over it of the laws of Texas or the institution
 of domestic slavery.
 Resolved, (if the Assembly concur.) That
 the existence of prisons for the confinement
 and marts for the tale of slaves, at the seal
 of the national government, is viewed by this
 legislature w ith deep regret and mortification;
 that such prisons and marts ought forthwith
 to be abolished.
 Resolved, (if the Assembly concur,) That
 our Senators and Representatives in Congress
 be requested to use their strenuous efforts to
 procure the passage of a law that shall pro
 tect slaves from unjust imprisonment, and
 I shall effectually put an end to the slave-trade
 in the District of Colombia.
THE NORTH STAR.
ROCHESTER, JANUARY 19, 1849.
A few words to Our Own People.
 All 'people are ours, and we are theirs—
 members of a common family, with a common
 destiny. In the sight of the Most High and
 bis immutable attributes, we stand upon a
 common and equal footing. With Him, there
 is neither Jew nor Gentile, barbarian nor
 Scythian. He is no respecter of persons,
 j and hatli made of one blood all nations for to
 j dwell upon all the face of the earth. In what,
 then, some may ask, consists the propriety of
 using a caption which implies upon the face
 of it a denial of this doctrine The question
 is a fair one, and deserves an answer,
 j Without admitting that the caption in
 question necessarily carries upon its face the
 .alleged implication, we answer, that by the
 I force of potent circumstances, now in exist
 ence, and which for ages have existed, the
 colored people of this country are compelled
 to occupy a distinct and peculiar condition,
 and that it is therefore right and proper to
 address them especially and specifically with
 respect to that condition, and the rights, duties
 and responsibilities which of necessity attach
 to that condition.
 Though in the broad sight of a righteous
 God, we stand upon a common level of broth
 erhood with the rest of mankind, and are
 naturally and aelf-evidently entitled to all the
 rights, privileges and immunities common to
 every member of that family, we are never
 theless regarded and treated not only as dis
 tinct from, but as inferior to all others. In
 oar case, vice and virtue are often treated
 with equal disfavor by our oppieasors; and in
 some cases a premium is paid to vice, and
 virtue is placed under the ban of malignant
 I proscription. In many of the Northern States
 jof the Union, a low, idle, vicious white
 stands higher in the social and political scale
 of society, than the moat refined and virtuous
 I colored man can do. In the States of Ohio,
 1 Indiana, and the whole South; the word of
 any white* villain will be taken to evidence
 against us, a hile that of the most respectable
 and upright colored man would be rejected if
 in onr oura favor. Wherever we go, and in
 whichatef dpection we turn, we find that we
 are regarded as a doomed and distinct people,
 and unsuited to the society and of
 our whit# fellow-countrymen. Let us ap
 proach the halls of science and leamu* —we
 arc spuiqed; advance towards the praod tem
 ple dedicated to the worship of oar Father,
 Almighty God, and we are proscribed—essay
 to travel by ma or land, lake or river, and in
 what p*t of this slavery -cursed lead do we
 find our manhood admitted or respected*—
 Thus cam out from among the met of maa&gt;
 I kind, ithseomes us to look around and ascer
 tain iwne be any means within oar reach
 with which we may improve our eaodilMm,
 regain ua* to* ngbti, and ascend to the de
 rated stall* is the male of being far which
 i we warn evidently dmigmuf by a haedfeeat
 Creator. U inimpemiHs to thmb ear eeadi
 lioa peat improvement. We emmet, ought
 not, and mm not settle down trader the mm
 ■nfijpnpir idee, that we have attained all that
 is attainable fm at in this country, end that
 our condition is a hopeless one. It would he
to —euro the ARwae Rote*
 Motet with purtafey, fo uampm that wfcte
 the rote of mankind are steadily awl rapidly
 advancing in Um arts and i rimer*, and the
 ■any of dvflinatioo, we only are
 .1] gf Mtfltwg ou condition.
 Hence to deny that wc have the mesne, u&gt; a
 large degree, of oer own elevation and im
 provement m our hands. Tbe man among «*a
 who is looking out of oomdves for ocr im
 provement, ia looking in foe wrong direction,
 and ia Mttmg n hay example, which, if ex
 tensrdy followed, most aink os below ou
 present degraded condition. If tbe whites
 advance and we stand stfll, the distance which
 now separates us mutt beeome a gulf— and it
 may be an impassable gulf.
 Already are ou eoemies gravely speculat
 ing upon our final extinction, aod even ven
 turing upon the probable time it will take to
 blot us out from the face of this nation. This
 argument has been adduced by a distinguished
 Free Soil man, as s reason for opposing tbe
 extension of slavery. Regarding ou exten
 sion as a desirable end, and believing the
 extension of slavery to be unfavorable to this
 result, inasmuch as, by the inevitable laws of
 population, it must increase in proportion to
 the augmentation, sod decrease according to
 tbe decrease of tbe means of living. Yes,
 we say that our enemies are gravely and
 boldly speculating upon the final extinction of
 the colored people of this country. They say
 that both the Indian and the African must
 perish beneath the car of the advancing civili
 zation of America. To this end, we Relieve,
 the Hon. Mr. Hannegan, of Indiana, pre
 sented petitions the otheT day in the Senate
 of the United Slates, asking for grants of
 lands in New Mexico to be colonized and set
 tled by free colored people. This we take to
 l&lt;e another cunning scheme of our oppressors.
 Once get the free colored man confined in any
 one territory or locality —let us once be se
 parated from ihe white people of this country,
 and we shall become the mere game of Ame
 rican trappers and other adventurers, and
 there is no recson to believe that our fate will
 be in any respect better than the noble Semi
 nole* and other Indians who have perished by
 the perfidy and rapacity of the proud Anglo-
 Saxon race. It is certain that there can be
 no good accomplished by emigration, unless
 we go beyond the musket shot of white Ame
 rican adventurers. There is nothing tq be
 gained by such emigration, but almost certain
 extinction. In a land like this, and in the
 circumstances by which we are surrounded,
 we have no better advice to give than this—
 Stick hy the ship”—stand to your post.—
 We can live where other men live, and must
 die if we place ourselves where other men
 have died. Nothing seems more evident to
 us, than that our destiny is sealed up with
 that of the white people ol this country, and
 we believe that we must fall our flourish with
 them. We must banish all thoughts of emi
 gration from our minds, and resolve to stay
 just where we are—not in towns and cities
 merely, but among white people, and avail
 ourselves of the civilization of America, in
 the very centre of its existence, and never
 think of trusting ourselves on its outer bor
 ders, where it ceases to be civilization, and
 becomes savage barbarism. It is said that we
 cannot prosper in a cold climate. There is no
 truth in the proposition. We can become
 acclimated just where any other members ol
 the human family can be acclimated, and can
 live as well and long as any others. The
 idea that we cannot, is a miserable pretence,
 got up to afford a pretext for getting us oul
 ol this country. We can live on the hanks ol
 the Penobscot as on the Sabine, and do live
 there. Let us not, therefore, be gulled into
 the notion that this climate is unfavorable to
 our development and progress. There are
 other modes of improving our condition at
 hand. We need not look beyond the limits ol
 the Northern Stales for every facility which
 we need for our improvement and elevation.
 Education, that grand lever for improvement,
 is to a large degree within our reach. Trades
 are not entirely closed against us. Public
 opinion has at last granted to us the right ol
 speech. We can now speak of our wrongs
 boldly and fearlessly. We have had numer
 ous concessions from high sources, that we
 are capable of tbe very highest attainments.
 We have three newspapers in the hands of
 our own people, as well as a large number of
 churches and societies for moral and benevo
 lent purposes. Are we to turn our backs upon
 these, and wander away, to become the game
 of American sportsmen We hope not; and
 feel assured that we slrxll not, notwithstand
 ing all the effbite that may be made in high
 places to induce us to do so. Cdme, friends
 and brethren, let us unite firmly to do all that
 in us lies to improve our condition, where we
 are. Let us sustain our press, and keep our
 men in tbe field whose voices are never up
 lifted in our cause in vain. Let us not run
 from prejudice snd hardships, but meet and
 overcome them. Let ns keep pace with tbe
 wheels of American civilization, as the best
 means within our reach to prevent ns from
 being crushed by it. Let us live savingly,
 that we may educate our children, snd place
 them in favorable circumstances for maintain
 ing an honorable position in society. Banish
 forever the withering heresy that our condition
 here is as good as we can make it, and as
 good as it ever will be. Sach thoughts
 •hould never find a lodgment in our bosoms.
 They will do for the mean coward, mod the
 mteerable sluggard, but must never be toler
 •ted for a moment among men and women
 situated as we are.
 Let ss thro be ap and doing,
 With a heart for say foe,f
 ia the full that kis nobler to die
 n *Bfliag rgaiaet the advene currents, than
 to five inuring idly and listlessly down to mev
 itobie destruction.—r. a.
k rrr op H. H. Gum.—ln another
 rolumn will be found an interesting and stir
 fetter feom this distinguished laborer m
 c *nmof improvement and elevation of our
 P®°Pfe- The picture which he draws of the
 and religions debasement of the colored
 Wk Western Now York, may be
 *fe»»ht nntineand dmterted, bat we think it
 fe®«w»hly eoneet, and we long to see seam
 ■■da and generally united in, fbr re
 The idea af bolding a eosveatioa
 f°od one, and wa hope it wiH he earned
 into efieet. We however that the new
 abould net he sailed a Christian
 Ceovamiae." A maeaaiion eempeasd of
 Christians woal#fiul te reach the very
dmrn «|i il 0 the mart deurable to alfeet,
 mi wool* undoubtedly be ft ■n*ll I* l
 there be m conveatioo behffoi the improve
 ment of oar people, bat let i&gt; be wpneed fll
 —r. d.
The North Mar Fair, Philadelphia
 It ghree os pleasure to leant that the ladies
 active in this effort to sustain the North Star,
 encouraged by the success which attended this
 their first attempt, have resolved in real good
 earaest to commence at once to prepare for
 another Fair, to be held daring the next
 Christmas week. This prompt and spirited
 movement in the cause of oar common im
 provement, is deserving of great praise, and
 we hail it as the commencement of efforts of
 the same description m other sections of the
 eoonlry. We believe it was the first fair ever
 held in this country by colored ladies, to sus
 tain a press under the sole management of
 persons of their own complexion. We take
 it as an evidence that, whatever others may
 think of the expediency of establishing such a
 paper as we have tried to make the North
 Star, the oppresaed themselves feel the value
 of it.
 We have not yet received an official account
 of the receipts of this effort, but have learned
 from one of its active members that it amount
 ed to two hundred dollars over all expenses.
 This, considering the shortness of time during
 which the ladies had to prepare, is a large
 sum, aud reflects well upon the industry and
 perseverance of the ladies engaged in it.
 We hope soon to have the usual appeal for
 ’assistance to the next fair, with the names of
 the ladies attached to it, to be published in the
 North Star. The example of Philadelphia
 ought to be extensively copied. Cincinnati,
 Pittsburgh and Detroit, should at once com
 meuce, and share with Philadelphia the sup
 port of a paper, the existence of which is a
 common blessing to us all.—f d.
Henry Bibb.—This eloquent anti-slavery
 lecturer, whose efforts in exposing the wrongs
 of the slave and vindicating his rights, have
 won for him a large share of respect and
 esteem, is uow making a tour East, and will,
 during his tour, act as agent for the North
 Star. It gives us all the more pleasure to
 make this announcement, since it shows that
 while Mr. Bibb differs from us on several im
 portant points, he nevertheless looks upon the
 North Star as doing so much to raise our peo
 ple from the degradation to which they have
 been long subjected, that he deems it his duty
 to labor to sustain it. We would that others
 would do likewise.—f. d.
Gerrit Smith, with his characteristic be
 nevolence, has kindly sent us his check for ten
 dollars, to aid John White, the fugitive slave
 of whom we spoke in last week’s North Star.
 This leaves the sum of thirty dollars remain
 ing to be paid to complete the ransom of this
 brother bondman. We will gladly belheme
 dium of other sums for this truly deserving
 man.—f. d.
J. W. C. Pennington will shortly leave
 New York, on a tour through the West In
 dies, and perhaps England. He will act as
 agent for the North Star, and otherwise serve
 the cause of our oppressed and disfranchised
 people, during his stay in those countries.—
 Mr. Pennington is a Presbyterian rftinister, a
 devoted friend to the slave, and an active man
 in all the efforts to improve and elevate the
 character of the colored people of this country.
 We bid him God-speed in his mission of mercy.
 —F. D.
Donation Meeting. —On Tuesday eve
 ning, Jan. 9th, a meeting was held at the 2d
 Baptist Church, Buffalo, for the purpose of
 receiving a presentation from the Daughters
 of Zion. The meeting was called to order by
 the Rev. Harris Hawkins; after which an
 address was delivered by Henry Bibb, of De
 troit, on the subject of American slavery. A
 resolution thanking Mr. Bibb for his able ad
 dress, was unanimously adopted.
The Liberator
 The following is Mi. Garrison’s address to
 the public at the commencement of a new vol
 ume. May it meet with an immediate and
 hearty Response, in a greatly increased sub
 scription list:
 We begin our Nineteenth Volume with a
 new typographical dress—with the wannest
 congratulations of the season to our beloved
 friends and patrons—with a spirit as elastic
 as we felt at the commencement of our anti
 slavery labors—and with a determination to
 make the Liberator the enlightened, faithful
 and intrepid advocate of liberty, peace,
 universal brotherhood. Commencing the
 paper without a subscriber, and almost with
 out a friend, —having no other bank to draw'
 upon than the bane ok faith, —for eighteen 1
 years we have struggled against a tide of op
 position and under a load of obloquy, dimply;
 for demanding the immediate liberation of our*
 fettered countrymen, such as few have been,
 called to stem or bear in any age or country.
 At no time have we beeu sustained by *ny 1
 responsible body, for the means to carry on
 our operations. Our subscription list i» all
 we have to rely upon for subsistence, except
 ing such incidental aid as may be voluntarily'
 extended to us through sympathy and friend
 ship. That list has always been tmidrqotle
 to cover th€ necessary expense* of the pan-r,
 even if every subscriber had been fiuibtui to
 its terns; but. in common with other ue ws-1
 paper establishment*, we have suifered prions
 losses from the want of integrity or attention;
 on the part of many calling themselves oer
 ‘patrons.’
 We need a eonsideTahle augmentation of
 good paying suWnhen; and the commence- j
 mentof a new volume is a favorable time for
 those who fed a special mterest m the per
 manence of the liberator, to exert them
 selves with a will' to effect this dn*rablri
 purpose. It does not look like a tbrroidabfo
 task for every one of our present subscriber*
 to procure the name of another one to be*
 added to oer list. If this were done, we!
 should be delivered from maov depressing eeo- j
 harraasroents, and enahfed io pci»«m«e oorj
 work with for greater efficiency But will:
 it be done We trust that at least an effort
 will be made to doit, and we cannot doubt
 that h will be made soewnfuny.
Arrest or Fugitive Slays*. —ln the V
 York Legislature on Tuesday hih ms*. Mr.
 Treadwell introduced g UII for ihn foiibt*
 protection of personal liberty. The hill pro
 pones to prohibit any officer j&gt;r Jndf in the
 State aiding in the arrent of fugitive staves.
Amthclavcrv OriMioji at t»* Sot tu.
 A recent nurai*?r of itn» "w
 IWer, in an article upou 'laamignutm »uu
 r»e ale line," earn: “Two baadrad aod fifty
 thousand mo caoootalwaye bold in eenrite
 bondage three mil hone of human
 hetage. The etevauoa of the race nay ha
 retarded in In pragma* by the obeunacy aad
 nuaukea ealfiahaea of the fcw who land 4
 over the many, but the urwmpb of tight and
 Jtuftiee over wrong aad injustice, b eertaiu at
 the ead.”
Cast Account a f the Wester* New
 York litf fßfittry Society for the
 year IM«;
 O*. f
 Jam. *.—Do—lions 4x*a s—dry per****
 paid to Treasurer *140,19
 Du— tins, paid to Ottce Af— l* HN
 Cash for goods sold is 'Ofhce 59,29
 collected by Lectarisg Agent* 97.02
 “at nettings in Rochester SJO
 from Ladies’Society 153,50
 *a band of Oftre Agent 4.32
 hand of Treasurer 4J»
 *547,78
 Dr.
 J*R. 1. —Cadi due to Treasurer trout
 Old Acem— 5,49
 Rent and sundry expenses in oftre 177,04
 Saiarie* to Oflke Agents 125,59
 lecturing Agents 300,00
 Travelling and other expenses of do. 45,74
 *054,48
 Receipts brought down 547,76
 t Balance due *106.70
 E. P. Willis,).
 Jour Dice,
 Treasurer's Report of the Ladies' Aati-
 Slavery Society fro— Job. Ist, 194*, to
 Jaa. Bth, 1849:
 Cr.
 Jar. 1*1948.—8a1. iu Treasury 29,15
 Rec’d admission fees, contributions, Jte. 7,62
 goods sold, Ac. 1-1,13
 Dec. 2s.—Rec’d proceeds Rochester Fair 355.53
 From Friends in England per Carlisle box 14,52
 Jar. s,lB4o.—Proceeds Henrietta Fair 40,69
 *455,64
 Dr.
 March I.—Contributed to Anti-Slavery
 Other 18,00
 Paid Directresses, at sundry times, for the
 purcliase of materials 26,90
 Paid freight and duty on goods from Europe 55,16
 advertising Fair, Ac. 10,00
 use of Concert Hall C»r Fair and
 meetings 45,00
 Paid sundry small bills 19.24
 contribution to North Star *5O inn 00
 25 Nos. N. Star, circulated, 50
 Agent on ace. W. N. Y. A. S. S. 69,50
 Agent Anti-Slavery Office 66,00
 Jar. 8,1849. —Balance remaining in die
 Treasury 45,84
 *455,64
 Mary H. Hullo will, Treasurer.
March 1
British Views on Colonization.
 From die Anti-Slavery Reporter.
 We peiceive that the British Oovernmem
 have recogmral the independence of Liberia
 This smalfiSpublic is composed of liberatec
 American slaves and free people of color
 who were sent thither by the American I‘olp
 nization Society. To these has been added s
 numerous body of natives, the total popula
 tion being estimated at 85,000. This Society
 was founded in 1816, and whatever migh
 have been the motives of those with whom i
 originated, it has been used by slave-holder
 for the most hateful purposes, and has prove*
 a formidable hindrance to the cause of aboli
 tion in the United States. It is based on thi
 supposition that black and colored men ough
 not to be admitted to citizenship in the Unite&lt;
 States, that their proper home is Africa, am
 that it is patriotic in American citizens to sem
 them there. It adopts, however, the languagi
 of philanthropy and religion in the prosecutioi
 of its objects, and by that means, manages t&lt;
 impose on many good-natured people.
 The estimation in which the beneficiaria
 of the Society are held, may be gathered fron
 the manner in which they are described bj
 some of its oldest and most distinguished sup
 porters. One of these says Free black*
 are a greater nuisance than even slaves them
 selves.” Another describes them as A
 horde of miserable people—the objects of
 universal suspicion.” Another declares them
 to be “Of all classes of our populatibn, the
 most vicious—-contaminated themselves, they
 extend their vices to all around them.” Ano
 ther, aH A large mass of human beings,
 who hang as a vile excrescence upon society.”
 Another says, “They are a curse and a
 contagion wherever they reside.” Otheie
 say They are an anomalous race of beings,
 the most depraved upon earth”—” A mildew
 upon our fields, a scourge to our backs, and
 a stain upon our escutcheon” Notoriously
 ignorant degraded and miserable, mentally dis
 eased, broken-spirited, acted upon by no mo
 tives to honourable exertions, scarcely reached
 in their debasement by the heavenly light.”
 To draw off this black blood,” as one ex
 presses it, is an object of this Society but
 j the great motive for doing so becomes con
 -1 spicuous in the course of its proceedings,
 namely, adeeprooted and unchristian prejudice
 against a people, many of whom were living
 evidences of the wickedness of the white
 population, and all of whom had been the
 victims of the most cruel oppression. One
 proof of this prejudice, or rather hatred, we
 shall give from the Fifteenth Report of the
 Society. It says: “The managers con
 sider it clear lint causes exist and are now
 operating to prevent their improvement and
 elevation to any considerable extent, as s
 class, in this country, which are fixed not
 only beyond the control of the friends of hu
 manity, but of any human power. Chris
 tianity cannot do for them here what it will
 do for them in Africa. This is not the fault
 of the colored mao, but an ordinance of provi
 dence,’ and no more to be changed than the
 laws cf nature.” This lying blasphemy
 ever; good man will repudiate with indigna
 tion. We must not, however, permit our
 indignation to interfere with oar duty to the
 victims of a cruel and beanie— prejudice;
 and therefore, whilst we continue to abhor the
 American Colonization Society and its doings,
 we feel no indisposition to aid oar colored
 brethren in Liberia; on the contrary, we
 would expre— the hope that they may pros
 per, and become the means of introducing
 the blewings of freedom, civilisation, and
 religion, among many nations in Africa.
 We have no means of ascertaining the
 exact number of colored and black peiaoos,
 who have been transported from the United
 Slates u» Africa it has not, however, been
 large; but we have great reason to fear, that
 the monthly connected with their removal
 has been dreadful, the privatum of the people
 immense, and their ptogit— slow.
 We sincerely trust that the provisions mj
 scried in their laws against slavery and the
 slave-trade, will be rigorously enforced and
 that their reblioos with the oaiive population
 will he honourable to themselves. Should
 that happily be the case, they will not want
 friends to this country to sympathize with,
 and help them. But, without expressing
 want of confidence in those who, at present,
 manage the afihtis of Liberia, we warn the—
 that a sharp look-oat will be kept a poo thei
 proceedings, and that they must not expect
 the philanthropists in this country, either
 directly ok indirectly, to play the game of the
 AwaonaoiM dA-* s (Ls—oiw
 menemn vomunijoo soewy.
Slajw Carrs asD.—Advrees foam the coast
 of Afoot to the 17th ef July state that her
 Msjpsty'a mvmmm Gtappler.(na her passage
 from Fernando to the South enact, captured
 on the 14th July the brigantine Sapphics, folly
 equipped for the slave trade; and on Um 26th,
 two hours after leaving the Congo, tf Point
 Pediuo, another Beautiful vessel, the Fefcat
 date (I7ff tone) with 370 skuas set hand,
 four of which wees foil sussefo, hating eg
 Tbe Cholera has disappeared ftun the quar
 antine station at Staten Island, New York.
tfiommunuations.
Daw* Mills, Canada Wist,
 Jan. 6th, 1649.
 I am no pugilist' but on the contrary,
 much of a non-resistant, that it is with ex
 tieme reluctance that I erer wield a weapon
 even ia selMefeoc*. I noticed ut the North
 Star of the 29d uh., a letter from Wm. P.
 Newman, from the nature and spirit of which
 he appears to base been much excited by a
 letter of mine published in tho liberator, and
 oopied from that into your paper. 1 bate r«o
 compunctions of conscience about the md
 letter, and am prepared to reaffirm every
 word of it. Mr. Newman begins with saw
 ing, It reminds him of certain resolutions
 published in the Oberlin Evangelist of Oct.
 13th, 1847, over the signature of Hamilton
 Hill, untruer and blacker than which no reso
 lutions were ever cooeocted out of Hades.
 Why my unoffending letter, which certainly
 infringed upon no one, should have ‘‘reminded
 him of certain resolutions published in Ober
 lin” more than s year before, 1 am unable to
 see, as there ia no apparent affinity between
 them. My letter said nothing about Mr.
 Newman. It made no allusion to any resolu
 tions concerning him, either good or had and
 I cannot understand his straining and far
 fetching to introduce irrelcvai t matters, unless
 it was to show his skill in making a magi.am
 dash at one against whom he had some private
 antipathy. Hamilton Hill is able to defend
 himself, and will doubtlessly do so when an
 attack upon him has any claims to manliness
 He is a noble-minded Englishman, of sterling
 worth, in whose honesty, integrity, and pli
 lanlhropy, the people of Oberlin, and all true
 friends of Oberlin, have the fullest confidence.
 as indicated by the responsible office of treas
 urer, which he has held there for eight or
 nine years. A truer friend of the oppressed
 is not to be found. As in all fairness, Mr
 Newman should have introduced the resolu
 tions to which he alluded, or said nothing
 about them, it becomes my duty to make
 them known, and also their source. Tbe&gt;
 emanated from the Wesleyan Methodist Con
 ference of Canada, in July, 1847. 1 sent
 them to Hamilton Hill, and he made use of
 them as he thought proper.
 Here they are, with a preamble just as they
 were passed by the conference, and signed by
 the Chairman and Secretary
 44 At a Contention of the Third Annual
 Conference of the True Wesleyan Connexion
 of Candda, in the township of Dav'n, Canada
 West, on the 28th, 29th, 30th and 31st of
 July, 1847, a letter was presented, giving an
 account of some statements that had been
 made in a meeting at Oberlin by William ,P
 Newman, respecting the Rev. Hiram Wil
 son, at which meeting the said Wm. P. Neu
 man stated that the Rev. Hiram Wilson could
 not preach in any colored church in Canada.
 Tliere being delegates from five diflere.nt cir
 cuits, numbering seventeen, a question was
 asked, after the reading of the letter, w hether
 any of these seventeen delegates knew of a
 disposition existing in any of the churches
 where they had travelled, to close their doors
 against the Rev. Hiram Wilson, or prohibition
 from preaching in any of their places of wor
 ship. Time being given for an answer, every
 delegate stated, without hesitation, that no
 such feeling or spirit existed in their neigh
 borhood. ihe following resolutions were
 then offered and adopted withont a dissenting
 voice:
 “Ist. Resolved, That whereas, Wm. P.
 Newman has reported in a meeting at Oberlin,
 in the United States, that the Rev. Hiram
 Wilson is not allowed to preach in any of the
 colored churches in Canada, this conference
 deems it their duty to say that said report ii
 founded in falsehood.
 3d. That this conference highly appre
 ciate the labors of love of the Rev. Hiram
 Wilson, both among and for the colored people
 of this Province, and earnestly hopes that his
 life may be spared, that he may see the eon
 summation of his indefatigable efforts.
 44 3d. Resolved, That the foregoing resolu
 tions be entered among the proceedings of this
 conference, and a copy of the same be signed
 by the Chairman aud Secretary and presented
 to our brother, the Rev. Hiram Wilson.
 “JOSIAH HENSON, Ch n.
 Isaac J. Henson, Sec’y.”
 These are the resolutions alluded to in Mr
 Newman’s letter, and notwithstanding his
 attempt to spurn them as falsehoods, they arc
 the naked truth, my own experience and con
 sciousness bearing testimony and concurring
 with the statement of the conference. Then,
 if truthful, he stated publicly at Obetlin that
 which was absolutely false. If utrutfaful,
 then the colored Wesleyan Conference in
 Canada fabricated and voted a lie. Sol have
 no coo trove ray with Mr. Newman on tbai
 point neither has Hamilton Hill. It lies
 between him and the conference. That Mr
 Newman stated publiely at Oberlin what
 alleged against him, and contradicted in the
 first resolution of the conference, tbe*e can
 be no manner of doubt. It came to me
 through two authentic channels: one was
 Hanoi 100 HO), the other a committee of litre*
 persons, appointed at Oberlin in Keb., 1847,
 who wrote on the 23d of that month to the
 committee of the Canada Mission in Roches
 ter' and comm untested the seme thing. Now
 if Mr. Newman will get along with the
 matter honorably, I will endeavor, ia the
 meantime to attend to my own appropriate
 business.
 When I wrote to the liberator, I wrote as
 a missionary and benefactor «f the refugee* in
 this country. 1 bad thmt an official connection
 with the Dawn Inmuats, and have not ai
 prevent Ido not feel called npea to aasw er
 wxteen interrogatories for Mr. Newman, over
 the heads of trustees and committeemen, fui
 whom proceedings, whether good, had or u»
 different, I am ael at all responsible espe
 cially after saying, as he does, and then chal
 lenging contradiction, that “hitherto the m#u
 tnuoo has been the curse nf our people ia
 Canada,” which nf comas taaglrs up and
 i-Hwifi himself ia bad hnmnesa, for he was
 hero aettag officially in the midst of the
 eurvn" few nearly two years, su*taming awl
 fecronmug Whether he did this witting!)
 unwittingly, wr ate not informed. If n»t
 tfeglj, then he most have been wiper laurel)
 bane coin—if unwittingly, he must hire been
 indeed!
 He pmtmm to symputhwe with me ia my
 want nf friends.’* 1 have an mat of
 friend*, as Mr. Human —ppeaen, warn I
 ia want of Iris sympathy,
 m to e-far* Mnrerity. V wish it a a damn ad
 that b—l. MU'Minor* I
 M. GW knaf "O'.
