«nd be sustained and blessed in well-doing,
 although my reward come* not from thoee
 «hose welfare I seek.
 My hand? are foil. I am famishing the
 best of instruction to rising of 50 scholar
 during the week, my wife and Mrs. Parkei
 assisting me. We hare also a peculiarly in
 teresting Sabbath-school of 70 scholars. Su
 perintending this school in the morning, ami
 pleaching in the afternoon, consulates im
 regular Sabbath-day labors, and yet I har«
 frequent appo.ntment* to hit tu liawn and vi
 cinity besides. We are doing all we can foi
 the benefit of the refugee* and children. Sc
 far as in my power, I have been eye* to the
 blind and feet to the lame,** —have fed th«
 hungry, clothed the naked, and instructed
 the ignorant, for more than twelve year* hut
 my days in Canada are numbered, and 1 shall
 toon leave, with an approving conscience, to
 seek some other fiHd of labor. 1 hope, how
 ever, to pass through my thirteenth,winter
 campaign, which is now successfully in pro
 gress. before leaving. Wherever Divine
 Providence mav lead me, 1 shall hope to toil
 on m the great cause of Christian philan
 thropy even unto death but not in the en
 tanglements of pro-slavery fellowship, nor
 under sectarian auspices. 1 ‘rust that the
 Lord wilt raise up friends for the suffering
 slave and the forlorn fugitive, and that this
 field will continue to be cultivated by more
 faithful and worthy hands.
 You will do me a favor to give this an early
 insertion in the North Star, but 1 am not dis
 posed, like my antagonist, to beg notoriety in
 “the Ram's Horn, the Emancipator, the Con
 tributor, the Oberlin Evangelist, American
 Missionary,” &amp;c., with the view of oblig
 ing the public.”
 VeTV respectfully yours,
 HIRAM WILSON.
 PeTXRBGRO, Nov. “9, 1&amp;4&amp;-
 Georol R. Williams I have just read
 your deeply interesting letter. Mv heart
 bleeds for you and your oppiessed and out
 raged race.
 I wish ii were in iny power to aid you to
 the extent of your wishes hut 1 can do only
 a little for you. My hands arp lull with my
 present engagements. Some of these en
 gagements are to help purchase the liberty of
 slaves.
 1 will give fifty dollars towards purchasing
 the liberty of your brother, and twenty-five
 to aid purchasing the liberty of the child. I
 will pay the money whenever J. W. C. Pen
 nington or Frederick Douglass shall see such
 a prospect of your success as to justify one or
 both of them in drawing upon me for the
 money. This letter J. W. C. Pennington or
 Frederick Douglass will need to see.
 Your friend, GERRIT SMITH.
 Chillkothe, 0., Dec. 10, 181 G.
 Rrv. J. W. C. Plnninoton Respected
 Sir—Let not this letter, which emanated from
 our best friend, take you by surprise, and in
 the event of its surprising, let it afford pleas
 ure and happiness, rather than sorrow and
 pain. In order that you may better under
 stand the nature of the letter above, it will be
 necessary for me to fell you what elicited such
 an epistle.
 About three weeks ago, 1 wrote to Mr.
 Smith, and the object of iny letter was, to
 inform him that I bad some relatives who are
 groaning beneath the weight of that accursed
 institution and also to ask him it he, in
 company with the good people of New Aork,
 would assist in purchasing their libeiry. In
 that letter, 1 stated that I was born in North
 •Carolina, that my mother moved out here
 about four years ago that 1 was in New
 York last October, in pursuit of my sister
 that I ultimately found her, and succeeded in
 taking her away and that she was married,
 and had an only daughter, which the slave
 holder asked 300 dollars for; that all my near
 relations were free hut one brother, for whom
 the slaveholder asked 1000, and that he was
 likely to be sold to the far South. The above
 is the cause of the tetter to Mr. Smith and
 to confirm what I said, I told him to write to
 you, knowing that you knew’ a part to be
 true, and expecting that you would inquire of
 Aunt Culbreth about the truth of the rest.
 Now, iny dear sir, if I can only get you to
 bring the subject before the public mind, 1 ain
 certain that they will be free, and humanity
 will rejoice at so noble an act. I wish you
 would write to Mr. Douglass, and ask him to
 take an active part in the matter, and also fur
 nish him with a copy of Mr. Smith’s letter.
 There is Mr. Jacob Francis, who I think will
 be an excellent hand if you can get him to
 enlist. I purchased the liberty of my sister
 with 125—i. e., it cost me that to go there
 and lake her away. And I want it distinctly
 understood that I want nothing for any ex
 pense that 1 have gone to in securing the lib
 erty of my sister. Mv circumstances are
 such that Ido not need it. 1 wish you would
 write to Mr. Smith, and ask him to send you
 a subscription paper, with the object stated at
 the head, and sign what lie promised to give.
 Give my best respects to bro. Jacob Francis
 remember me to Mrs. Pennington, and accept
 for yourself my best wishes for happiness and
 prosperity.
 Do answer this, and let me know w hat you
 can do. i have the honor to be your humble
 servant and sincere friend,
 GEO. R. WILLIAMS.
 Self.help.-Thf Wants of Western New
 York.
 There are many pleasing indications at the
 present, that foreshadow the redemption of the
 enslaved people of America. Those, who are
 even ordinary, observers, cannot fail to see
 rhem. arising one after another, like the first
 gliuunenugs of day on the eastern horizon.
 Ihe brightest, the most glorious, and the
 most hopeful ot them all, is an incieasing love
 lor it,at dear old principle of Self-help.—
 This principle m invincible. Regard it either
 in a moral, ph&gt;*ical, or intellectual light, it is
 to an oppressed people what Moses was to the
 Hebrews—what Virgmius wa* to Rome, and
 what Toussamt L’Overture was to hU golden
 Island of the ocean.
 My heart leap* with joy a* i behold my
 long-suffering and imble people laying amde
 their old garments of dependence, and enmr
 ing upon lheir own work. God lielps those
 who help themselves and hence, if
 true to this principle, we shall have the Ue*t
 help that the universe can afford. If hod i t
 with us, who of all the sons of men need we
 tear? l*t us trust in Him, and work man
 fully. Acting in lO'ifoiimty with fhit- prmu-
Pte» there ire some things tint must be dooe
 by the people of color and their friend*
 throughout the country. It is my purpose,
 however, merely to speak of the western por
 tions of New York at this tone.
 One important instrumentality we have now
 in operation, and its existence should be an
 occasion for national rejoicing. I allude to an
 I efficient and a well-sustained press. Through
 it we can speak to the nation—through it I am
 now speaking.
 I 1 The gospel of Christ is the only sure
 foundation of hope and elevation offered to
 any enslaved people. There is nothing which
 tyrants fear so much as the spread of the
 gospel. From beginning to end, it is opposi
 tion to their ways. When a tongue or an aqp
 is raised, watched and strengthened by Jeho
 vah and his truth, which is brought to light
 by his son, there is no mortal power that can
 cause it to fall short of its destiny. The
 1 Saviour has said “If ye continue in my
 1 word, then are you my disciples indeed and
 ye shall know the truth, and the truth shall
 make you free.” Any people destitute of the
 preserving influences of practical Christianity,
 are wretched. [But what language could 1
 use fully to describe the forlorn hope of the
 colored race in America, when, in addition to
 our indescribable evils and political afflictions,
 we turn away from the consolations of re
 ligion
 There are in the State of New York some
 sixty or seventy thousand people of color.—
 Of this number, theie are perhaps thirty
 thousand west of Albany. What are their
 religious principles? There are not more
 than six thousand that meet together to wor
 ship God. Scattered in small numbers over
 the entire State, they find it impossible to
 meet together and such is the cruelty of the
 whites in enforcing the laws of caste, that it
 is neither desirable nor profitable for them to
 assemble in their churches. Thus we have
 some twenty-four thousands of people in
 Western New Vork without the full enjoy
 ment of the Christian privileges. Even in
 those places where the greatest numbers of
 the colored people are found—even there their
 re%ious institutions are very limited, and the
 consequences are, that we behold our young
 people rushing on to ruin, as if impelled by a
 phrensy. Too many Buffer their ambition to
 lead them no where else than to the ball
 room, the tippler’s retreat, and the gambler's
 table. For proof, look to Utica, Syracuse,
 Auburn, Geneva, Buffalo, and especially Ro
 chester. In all of these places, there are
 many triumphant exceptions, who stand up
 amid the wide ruin, like ever-geen trees in a
 fire slash.
 2. Much of the blame attached to this
 state of things lies at the door of w hat is called
 the church, and much rests upon our own
 heads. This church that has torn us, must
 help to heal; she who has scattered, must help
 to gather and both of these things we must
 do ourselves. 1 totally despair of my people's
 redemption until we trust more in God, and
 labor more in our own cause. Shall we
 make the attempt, brethren, one and all, to
 raise the standard of the Lord in the Western
 parts of this great State. I will propose my
 plan, and hope that you, friend Douglass and
 others will give your opinions.
 Let a Christian Convention of the colored
 people and their friends be called at some cen
 tral place. Let there be no caste or secta
 rianism encouraged in that meeting but let
 us come together in good earnest to do some
 thing for'our^afflicted fellow-men. I further
 propose that a permanent State Society shall
 be formed, and agents or missionaries be em
 ployed to go forth into the hedges and high
 ways, and entreat these neglected ones to turn
 into the paths of rectitude and virtue. I shall
 be glad lu correspond with any person to whom
 the subject is interesting.
 H. H. GARNET.
 Geneva, Jan. 12.
 Pittsburg, Jan. 8, 1849.
 I‘ red*rick Douglass —lt gives me pleas
 ure to acknow ledge that I have been a steady
 reader of the North Star for one year; and I
 look upon it as the guardian of our dearest
 rights—one of the great engines to effect the
 freedom of the slave, and to break in pieces
 that unrighteous, marble-hearted and iron
 handed prejudice of the North, that is grind
 ing us into the dust. It is our incumbent duty
 to support the North Star, as a means of ele
 vating our race. Allow me to say, that its
 editorials are strong, cogent, and in very many
 instances eloquent. Your appeal to the
 friends of humanity and the public, calling
 them to the support of your most laudable un
 dertaking, 1 hope will not be lost upon them.
 Surely, there is energy, spirit, patriotism and
 promptitude enough among the colored people
 to cause a loud response to the call, with an
 unanimity of purpose not to be gainsaid or
 misunderstood. Let Lnion be our motto, our
 watchword—yes, our rallying point, our
 standard, our lever and fulcrum, for Liberty,
 Equality and Fraternity.
 our friend and brother,
 J. B. VASHON.
 Albany, Jan. 10, 1849.
 .Frederick Douglass Things
 look somewhat encouraging. The peaceable
 abolition of slavery is something svhich now
 may be sooner realized than was thought
 probable two years gone. The indications
 throughout the Free States warrant the belief
 lhat change in favor of anti-slavery has
 j laken pl»ce within one year. And while this
 State of feeling exists, let us in this State do
 I all we can to gain our political rights.
 You are aware of the fact, that there is an
 I association funned for the pupoee of estab
 lishing a settlement of colored persons near
 the village of Florence, Oneida county. This
 association applied for the use of the Assem
 bly Chamber for next Monday eveuing, to
 have Mr. Ward lecture upon ;Agriculture,
 and other subjects connected with the interests
 of the colored people. Well, the application
 caused qoite a discussion. Some were op
 posed to granting the use of the Chamber to
 any class of citizens. Others thought the
 colored people were in this lnsunee merely
 urged on to see bow far they could push mat
 ters, coming up, as it did, right in the wake
 of ilie anti-slavery resolutions just then passed,
 and thought it should not be granted them.
 However, if was granted by a strong vote,
 and Mr. Ward is to speak there.
 Respectfully yours,
 WM. H. TUPP.
 A Hamburg emigrant ship has been lost,
 with 122 passenger^.
From o«r m omiHideat.
 I Los DO*, Dec. 89, 1948.
 Prince Jahuj Napoleon Bonaparte u no*
 President of the French Republic The
 election lerminated as all hnd anticipated, hot
 the triumph of the Prince naa far more com
 -1 plete than his warmest friends and adherents
 1 could have expected, as he received more
 1 than fire millions of rotes, and attained a
 1 majority shore Cavaignac of four millions.—
 His proclamation took place on the f Both Dee.,
 (a day earlier than war intended, to aroid dis
 turbances.) The scene was one of great ex
 citement and interest. A full assembly being
 convened, the reporter of the electoral com
 mission ascended the tribune, made his report
 of the election and its termination, and then
 announced that the citizen Louis Napoleon,
 having received the required absolute majority,
 the committee had charged him to announce
 that he was duly nominated President of the
 Republic. His declaration beiug received
 with marks of great satisfaction, General
 Caraignac, in a brief speech, announced the
 collective resignation of the ministry, and re
 mitted into the hands of the Assembly the
 power with which he had been invested.—
 After the report of the committee had been
 put to the vote, and almost unanimously ac
 cepted, the President, (M. Marrast,) in a
 loud voice, though somewhat broken with
 emotion, said In the name of the French
 people, before God, and in the National As
 sembly, I proclaim Louis Napoleon Bonaparte
 President ol the French Republic Democratic
 —one and indivisible—from the present day
 to the second Sunday of May, 185*2. I invite
 the new President to come forward and take
 the oath reqired by the new Constitution.”—
 The oath is as follows: Before God, and in;
 the presence of the French people, repre
 sented by the National Assembly, I swear to
 remain faithful to the Republic, and that 1
 will always forward its interests in all re
 spects.” The oath being duly administer,
 Louis Napoleon said in a loud voice, 1
 swear.” Loud cries of “Vive la Repub
 lique” here arose, while the new President,
 ascending the tribune, delivered, in a firm
 voice, and with gTeat emphasis, an able and
 excellent address, in which he alluded to his
 honorable predecessor, and late opponent Ca
 vaignac, in a manner that evidences his appre
 ciation of the character of that illustrious
 General, and his earnest desire for unanimity
 and concord. The address was warmly re
 ceived, and on leaving the tribune, befor^
 leaving ihe house, advancing to the seat of
 Cavaignac, shook him warmly by the hand.
 This act was greatly applauded—unmitigated
 satisfaction appeared to prevail, and the scene
 closed with the announcement that Odiilon
 Barrot was empowered to form a ministry.—
 The same evening the new ministry u as ga
 zetted. In the selection, there is much to
 inspire confidence. The integrity and ability
 of Odiilon Bairot are well known, and he is
 the head of the Cabinet. M. Leon de Malle
 ville, Minister of the Interior, and M. Hyp
 pliote Passy, Minister of Finance, are con
 sidered to be well chosen for their respective
 posts. The immense majority attained by
 the President, at once invests his government
 with considerable authontv. Already the
 funds have risen—business is more brisk, and
 gaiety once more prevails in Paris.
 On the 24th inst., a grand Review took
 place, in honor of the new President, at which
 the reception given him was enthusiastic in
 the extreme. Doubtless much of this was
 attributable to old recollections; but his de
 meanor on this his first appearance before the
 army, seems to have been so attractive,
 graceful, engaging and all
 hearts were won, and V r ive Napoleon” was
 the cry ever resounding through the air.—
 The members of the Bonapartist family wit
 nessed the review from the Place de la Con
 corde, and the ex-king of Westphalia, Jerome
 Bonaparte, was present, dressed in the uni
 form of Lieutenant General, which he wore
 at the battle of Waterloo. He is appointed
 Governor of the Invalides, where (you will
 remember) the remains of the late Emperor
 are deposited. His son, M. Napoleon Bona
 parte, is appointed Ambassador in Sweden.
 General Changarnier is appointed to the com
 mand of the garrison of of Paris, in addition
 to that of the National Guards, which he
 held tinder Cavaignac. The Prince President
 has taken possession of his official residence,
 the Palace of the Elysee Nationale, and has
 slept in the bed-chamber last occupied by his
 celebrated uncle—the Emperor. At present,
 all looks promising in French aflains; but
 when we remember the proverbial fickleness
 of the French nation, and bear in mind their
 treatment of Lamartine, and of the dauntless
 Cavaignac, we cannot but fear ihat their
 present hero will also, in his turn, fall, a vic
 tim to their capriciousness.
 The Pope remains at Gaeta, surrounded by
 the Royal Family of Naples, and by those
 Roman courtiers who adhere to him. He
 only consents to return to Rome if the ministry
 there will resign, the civil guard be dissolved
 and thediberiy of ihe press suspended.
 The Hungarians have proclaimed them
 selves a Republic, and are preparing for war
 with extraordinary energy. They have forti
 fied Presburg and Pesth, and burned a large
 number of towns and cities, front Breck, on
 the Lutha, to Presburg, to starve the Impe
 rialists in their winter campaign. Later ac
 counts state that hostilities have commenced
 in good earnest in Hungary, and that the Im
 perialists have taken possession of a castle
 within three German miles of Presburg,
 while Jellacbich had already reached the
 banke of the Leitta. The magyar aitny, un
 der Kossuth, amounts to about one hundred
 and fifty thousand men. The war promises
 to be one of extermination.
 S. P. Q. R.
 The Patriarchal System—Some of its
 Fimatn —Hoathera Bubariw.
 Hindeed Doll a as Rcwaid.—Ran away
 from near Burksvilie, three black boys, named
 BEN, DAVE, and 808. Ben is a dark mul
 atto, about 38 yean old, 5 feet 3 inches high,
 down cmmtenance when spoken to. Dave ii
 a dark mulatto, 18 or 20 years old, feet
 inches high free open countenance, thick lipa.
 Bob a copper colored, 23 years old, 5 feet Ifl
 inches Inch, spare made, fine face, very
 shrewd. It is supposed they are together.
 $6O reward will be given for any me, or SISC
 for all, secured so that the subscribers eaa gel
 them.
 JOHN M. BAKER,
 THOB. C. NUNN/
 ELIZABETH ALEXANDER
 Thjsty Dollabs Rxwxao will he paid foi
 satisfactory mforasaum about my negro man
 HENRY POSTER, who was amt m ae
 errand with a letter to me from my phunsriou.
ia the Parish of St. Charles, on Friday last,
 the 4lb tost, about 9 o'clock r. IL, and wbo
 has not reached here or hen heard -rfebun
 r the supposition being that hs is either droww
 t ed or has met with me accident, or bean
 i kidnapped, either on the rand or in the upper
 suburbs of }be city, between this and Car
 rollton—as lam confident be would not keep
 1 out of the way for a moment of bin owa ae
 t cord, be being of a good dispaehion, and one
 of the most faithful of boys. He is of a Light
 Black or Gride color, of a middle mas, rather
 short and well made, with a bnahy or foil
 bead of goad hair, and of a good and open
 countenance, and about 35 years old; had on
 when he left home a pretty good suit of black
 or dark woolen clothes, and carried on his
 arm a basket with eggs, &amp;f- The only mark
 recollected about him was a severe cut with
 an axe in one of his feet about two yean
 ago.
 CHAS. A. JACOBS, Bank Place.
 Escaped, from the establishment of the
 Louisville Manufacturing Company, an Sat
 urday sight, 9th ult., a mulatto man, ROBIN
 aged 43 years, about 5 feet 7 inches high,
 stoutly built, pleasing and rather sprightly
 expression of face when spoken to, no special
 marks recollected. The said boy is the pro.
 perty of Mrs. Force, of Jefferson county, Ky.
 It is thought he is attempting to make his
 escape to parts unknown, but may be still
 lurking about the city or county. 1 will pay
 for his apprehension and delivery to me ten
 dollars if taken in the county, $25 if taken
 in any other county, and 100 if taken out
 of the State.
 J. B. O BANNON.
 Fifteen Dollars Reward. —Ran away
 from the subscriber’s residence, parish of St.
 Charles, the mulatress named MARIA, for
 merly belonging to a Mi. Jmnanville, of New
 Orleans, deceased. She is tall, and has an
 imperfection or squint in one eye. The above
 reward will be paid to any one who will lodge
 her in any one of the city prisons.
 SAMUEL W. LOGAN.
 Hundred Dollars Reward— Ran away
 on the 24th September, the boy JACOB,
 about 28 years of age, 5 feet 6 inches high,
 stout built. Whoever will return said boy
 to me shall receive the above reward.
 JAMES KATHMAN,
 corner Frenchmen and Claiborne st.
 Fifty Dollars Reward.-?— Ran away
 from the subscriber on the 15th October, a
 dark Griffe woman, named Milley, about 5
 feet 6 inches high speaks English oply;
 formerly belonging to Capt. Swager, of
 Louisville, slim built and downcast look.
 The above reward will be paid to any person
 who can produce evidence of where she has
 been staying.
 STEPHEN B. BOGERT,
 No. 2 Annunciation st.
 The above are from the N. O. Picayune.
 The late Vicksburg Murder. —The
 Vicksburg Whig contains further particulars
 of the fatal difficulty between Mr. Crabb and
 Mr. Jenkins, the editor of the Vicksburg
 Sentinel:
 As they met, (saysthe Whig,) Mr. Jenkins
 used the customary words of salutation. This
 seems to have been the unfortunate cause of
 the bloody scene which followed; whatever
 may have been their intention, the words
 were interpreted, under the circumstances, as
 an insult or taunt, and the reply may almost
 be anticipated. It was— What do you mean
 by speaking to me, sir"’ in a stern tone of
 voice. Mr. Jenkins made some rejoinder,
 which was not distinctly heard, at the same
 time putting Jiis hand under his vest, as if
 with the intention of drawing a weapon. Mr.
 Crabb dropped a canc, and seized the hands
 of Mr. Jenkins—a struggle ensued—the
 hands became partilly disengaged—a knife
 was drawn—both parties fell to the pavement,
 Mr. Crabb being uppermost. While in this
 position, Mr. Jenkins stabbed Mr Crabb
 several limes in the back and neck. All this
 was the work of a moment. Two gentlemen
 (Drs. Emanuel and Bioadnax) immdiately
 took hold of the parties, and separated them
 Mr. Jenkins stepped into a door w'ithin a few
 paces, and Mr. Crabb, bleeding very profuse
 ly, was solicited to enter the drug store, one
 door above where Mr. Jenkins had entered.
 This lie positively refused, and turning im
 mediately, walked within'sight of Mr. Jenk
 ins, and deliberately presented a pistol, which
 he had drawn from his pocket after he was
 stabbed, and as the parties were pulled apart.
 He lowered the weapon, however, without
 filing, and turned away with the remark— 1
 do not wish to kill him—and 1 will not kill
 him, even now’; or words very nearly to tha
 effect. After w alking a few paces, he turned
 again, and Mr. Jenkins stepped out of the
 door where he was standing, and came to
 wards Mr. Crabb, with his knife in a striking
 position then Mr. Crabb raised his pistol and
 fired—Mr. Jenkins still advanced more rapid
 ly than before, and inflicted another wound
 upon Mr. Crabb’s neck, when Dr. Broadnax,
 not believing that the shot had taken effect,
 caught Mr. Jenkins’s arm and besought him
 to strike no more at that moment he com
 menced sinking, and the doctor caught him in
 his arms, and in a few moments afterwards he
 expired.
 These are the facts, as related to us, by the
 eye-witnesses of an occurrence which has
 shrouded our community in gloom.
 Murder in Texas. —A few days since,
 John A. Paxton killed John Cronkrite at
 Lagrange. The circumstances, says the
 Victoria Advocate, are these: Cronkrite kept a
 hotel last winter ia Lagrange, and Paxton,
 who is a merchant, and was one of his board
 ers, became, as it is said, excessively fond of
 Cronkrite’s wife, in consequence of which,
 Cronkrite parted from her 3 short time ago,
 and went off. His recent appearance at La
 grange was to obtain revenge, making threats
 against Paxton’s life. It was under these
 circumstances Paxton sought a private oppor
 tunity and shot him. Paxton gave himself
 up, was taken into custody, and discharged
 by the examining Court.
 A Texan Murder.— We take the following
 from the Brownsville (Texas) Flsg, of the
 15th instant
 A murder was recently committed near
 San Augustine, upon which a coroner’s jury
 returned the following verdict
 That Benjamin Pullura was murdered by
 Jackson and James Chester, by having hit
 eyes gouged out, his ears and off,
 and his throat cut.'
 These circumstances appear bad enough,
 but iu the account of the murder, we observe
 that the man, after all the above enormities
 were inflicted upon him, was not quite dead,
 and was carried to the nver and drowned.
 One of the murderers was carried to prison by
 the sheriff and five assistants, all armed to
 tbe teeth.
 Dreadful Muaoaß. —We Learn from an
 Alabama friend, that a store keeper by the
 name of Samuel Tate, wbo kept an establtsh
 men near Scott’s Mills, tn Bibb county, was
 killed bv a negro, on the sth mst It appears
 that Tate bad been robbed several times, and
 on tbe eight is question, serrated himself ia
 his store, with a knife and a rope, determined
 to apprehend the thief, and to secure him.
 \bout midnight a negro man got m, through
 a window, and war retired by Tate, who
 laid down his knife, m order to use both
 hands in tying th we *i*»
 suddenly seined by the seam p, who struck j
 hun full w the throat, nearly severing hm bead
 from the shoulders, and, of course, killing
 him instantly The negro baa since been
 aoorehended, and ha* confessed the act —{.V.
 Muancn —la Efaabethtowo, Ky. f oa Fri
 day night, Wm, Potter killed daring a
 are mjail-
 E*tANCirAr»oN.-Mr. John j£goaMU,.«
 Wilcox co Alabama, aaya tbe Mobile Repa
 ur. wbo died a few weeks tuoce, «nane paled
 all his slaver by his will.
Commercial
Kocatsmju. 19. IMK.
 Wt kadUntxrfwMtfer.aarfMt much 4»-
 ■lMoaroMkcilM ««rk. TW priwripsJ artjrib
 of bade ku bn ftdi park, la whttli the prim
 «fta( wnk law bn mmumL SWwnadrm*
 tsday at 9&amp;*5 2S Wbu batt«« lUf ba.
 ud «t quote Floor at ft 8H 99, umumbßv. No
 chaoge ia abr article*. Pork has bon a
 large quantities at prim varying froa f 4 50 to
 f 5 iS per cart.
 Rochester Wholesale Prices Correal.
 FLOUR ito MEAL—Detv Mf erdnl
 F»..ur, pbU 500
 Cora ami, f bush 50
 PROVISIONS.—Duty; BeH ,Pork.Hanw, Bacna,
 Boner aad Lard, 20 p e; Cbne SO p e ad ral
 Pork, (ness) 12 00
 Do. ia bog 4 00 41 4 90
 Beef, cart. 350 4 50
 Do. bbl. (am) 7 00 800
 Lard (tried) pft 8
 Do. (baf,) 44 6
 Ham*, (smoked) 7 O 8
 Shoulder*, do t» 0 0
 Turkeys pft 0
 Chickens 0
 Potatoes, bask 44 0 0
 GRAIN—Duty; 20 p e ad ral
 Wheat, bush 1 06
 Corn 50 44 93
 Rve 0 50
 Oats 26 27
 Barley ..50
 HIDES —Doty 5 p c ad ral
 Slaughter 3$
 Calf ..10
 Sheep Pelts 12J 0 29
 SEEDS —Doty; Linseed 10 pc; Mustard 20 p
 i cad ral
 Clorer
 Timothy 125 44
 Flax 1 00
 FISH —Duty on foreign caught; 20 pc ad ral
 White&amp;sh bbl 7 00
 Codfish cwt 3 50
 SUNDRIES—
 Salt, P bid 1 25
 Apples, p bush .00
 Do. dried 44 75
 Eggs, p dor 10
 Beans, p bush 75 44 1 00
 Hay, p ton 10 00
 Hard wood
 Soft Wood
mints.
JOB PRINTING.
 THE NORTH STAR OFFICE, is furnished
 with new Job Type, for the execution of every
 description of Printing qith neatness and despatch,
 at the lowest prices for cash, viz:
 Hand-bills, Blanks, Bill-heads,
 Programmes, Circulars, Bills of Lading,
 Pamphlets, Cards, Labels, &amp;c.
Narrative of the life of Freder
 ick DOUGLASS, written by himself, to be
 had at this office, price 90 cents.
Open to the Public, from 9, A.M. to 8 P.M.
 The anti-slavery office and read
 ing ROOM, No. 25, Buffalo Street. The
 Room is neatly furnished, and tlie tables filled with
 some of the best Anti-Slavery, Temperance, Reli
 gious, Political and Literary Papers.
 t
 WAIT J. LFWIS, Land Surveyor, Keene, Essex
 County, N. Y. Owners of Land in the Coun
 ties of Essex, Franklin, or Hamilton, can have their
 Lands Surveyed on reasonable terms.
Dash Grocery and Provision Store.
 No. 133, Main street, corner of North street.
 JUST reeeived a full assortment of new ‘choice
 Groceries:
 15 hhds. sugar of various qualities
 16 hbls Stuar’ts crushed and coffee sugar
 8 hhtls Molasses
 Stuart's syrup, a beautiful article for table use
 16 chests imperial Old Hyson and Young Hyson,
 and Black Teas of superior quality.
 I have as choice a lot of Teas as can be found in
 the city; pure fragrant Old Hyson, superior fresh
 selected Young Hyson, and extra black. Entry
 pound sold will be warranted.
 Rice, Raisins, Fiuit, Spices, and a variety of
 miscellaneous articles, too numerous to mention.
 Pork, and Hams,
 Codfish, Mackerel, &amp;c. 4tc.
 My prices shall be as low as at any establishment
 in the city, as I purchase at tlie lowest rates i n the
 Eastern market, and sell for cash. Farmers, city
 families, and dealers are invited to call, examine
 and purchase, if they can make their purchases mu
 tually advantageous, as I tiust they can.
 G. B. BTEBBINS.
 Rochester, Dec. 1, 1848. 3in49
Free Labor Groceries.
 I HAVE just received, and shall keep constantly
 on hand, a good assortment of
 Brown and White Sugars,
 Molasses, Rice, and Coffee,
 All the products of Free Labor. Those in want of
 such goods are invited to purchase, and can be as
 sured of th» genuineness ot the articles.
 G. B. STEBBINS,
 133, Main, corner of North street.
 Rochester, Dec. 1, 1848. 3in49
CHARLES JONFS, North Star House, No. 26,
 North Street, between Fifth and Sixth, and
 Market and Arch streets, Philadelphia.
 Strangers visiting die city will find the North
 Star House the most central, convenient and com
 fortable House in Philadelphia.
 Philadelphia, Dec. 1, 1848 3&lt;n49
New Watch and Jewelry Store.
 JOHN KEDZIE having changed his partnership
 relations, has removed his Shop two doors
 North to No. 11, State Street, where he is prepared
 successfully to compete iu the sale of an entire new
 Stock of Goods, consisting of Gokj and Silver
 English, Anchor, Horizontal and Vertical Watches,
 Gold Guard and Fob Chains, Gold Seals and Keys,
 Gold and Silver Pencils, Spectacles and Thimbles,
 Gold Ear-Rings, Bracelets, and Finger-Rings—a
 good assortment, cheap; a variety of Ladies’ and
 Gentlemen’s Breast-Pins, new style; double and
 single Hunting gold and plated Lockets, Gold Pens,
 best quality, Silver and Shell Combe and Cases,
 Fine Cutlery, he. he.
 The above and a variety of other desirable Goods
 usually kept in our business, are ofiered on more ad
 vantageous terms than usual; aad it is particularly
 desired that the goods should be examined, and
 prices ascertained, before purchasing elsewhere in
 this market.
 We manufacture and keep on band a good assort
 ment of Bihrer Spoons, warranted as pure as Ame
 rican coin.
 Will also keep an assortment of Accordeons and
 other Musical Instruments, which will be sold very
 low.
 We intend to keep a good assortment of the best
 Brass Eight-day, SB hour, and almost Clocks, at can
 bo found in this city.—Call aad see than-
 WATCH REPAIRING, foithfollv done aad war
 ranted by an experienced workman.
 Farther purtieniart at N«. 11 State Street.
 J. KEDZIE Co.
 P S-—To the Farmers in pertirnhr we would
 give notice, that we have a variety of Barometers
 which wiß give that knowledge of dm changes of the
 weather, so as to be able to adopt his business to its
 variations. Please eafl and examine them, u evory
 man ought to have one.
 Sep. 15,1848. 6m.
 AUBURN ud ROCHESTER
 HAIL-ROAD
 ON aud after Monday, 2Sd October the three Pass-
 MP» Trains will be strafed as folfours—
 E* sr w abi&gt;.—To leave Be cheater at 4 11
 a.n., aad 4f r.a.
 W**r w a bo.—To leave Admire at 2* an, 4
 A.H., and 4fl r.n.
 No Train haves Rnrhrsiai Easneed on Ban day
 at 11 a. n. er at 7$ r.a.
 No Tram leaves Auhmu Westward on Sunday, at
 4| a.a., Mr m M—day at 2| a.*.
 Oa and after the Ist November, tht fore between
 Rochester aad Ankara will be $%Wm Srst dam
 cars. Tickets wH also hr aoMeutitttf the holder
 to a seat iu the Emigrant cars hnrifßedmwer at
 74 r. at radaeud prices, to h%jnibhahed hectafo
 Them tickets at* hum Rodf to Stratum,
 Utica and Afeany only, going East. Tine train ia
 thrad to ran to AMaay nil hemsfe— Rtthinw.
 The other two trains am timed to nm there in 14
 hours nark.
 WM. WILEY. Snpmimmdmi.
 On, 2A 1848.
 iair-Cattisc aal anurir
DOOM, fee.. For Stair at the Antt-Sl
 OOrnr* hßr.tiive Room, No. w R«*»»
 (t,Smd9«VT«HB«itolk Arntr
 Narrative of Frederick Do^lw.
 4 Jiwnihi
 Portrait *4
 gponwre tm rotVMuaitntinaatitv of 91irm.
 W Philhp. reply to do.
 I agios of LiWm.
 Bb»w itWtrmted by its ifcti mUunw.
 Aim a rirb nrirtr of Paatjr awl «»U article*
 ■Mb by the Loir*’ Anti-Slavrey 9«nm.
DK. A. CLARK,
 DENTAL RriGEON.
 Iwonld respectfully inform tbr ritireo* of Rochester
 ud snrronliag rownirr, that I bore renraved an
 aAre fro— No. Smuih’, Arcade Hmy dwelling
 boyar No. 92 Monroe Street.
 1 hankfnl for post htor* in the line of my protru
 sion, and flattering myself that I can tire perfect
 sntiefiwttoo to aB who nay Ur or me with their pn
 tmaojr. i would invite all those who are de
 sirous ofbaring operation, performed on the teeth or
 of haring teeth inserted to rad on me awl satisfy
 them* Ires.
 A. CLARK.
 N. B. All operations performed hy me On the
 teeth and Plate Work warranted.
 Rochester, Oct. 13, 1848. if.
NEW PUMP FACTORY.
 TIF, mbarriber takes this method to inform tbr
 ckinra* of Rochester and vicinity, that he has
 just established a Pump Factory, at number 224,
 Main street, where he will be happy to wait upon all
 who may favor him with their patronage.
 Having had considerable experience in his line of
 business, be pledges himself to furnish as good an
 article, and of as good material, as ran be procared
 at any other similar establishment in this city. His
 Pumps are furnished with either wood or lead pipe,
 as may suit customers. He also suspplies, to older,
 every description of Aqueduct Logs, or Lead Pipe.
 The "subscriber will take pleasure in directing such
 of his customers as may require the information, to
 competent workmen, wlio will attend to all calls for
 digging, drilling, or binsting wells, promptly, and at
 reasonable rates. All kinds of Pumps repaired to 1
 order.
 ffj- The above work will be furnished at the
 lowest prices, for CASH. Persons will do well to
 give hint a call before purchasing elsewhere.
 J. R FELT.
 Rochester, July 14,1848. 1v29
New aa&lt;l Second-Hand Clothing,
 At 49, Exchange Street, Rochester.
 LLOYD SCOTT would most respectfully inform
 his friends and the Public generally, that he has
 constantly on hand an excellent assortment of New
 and Second Hand Clothing, such as Coats, Panta
 loous, Vests, &amp;c., with which he will supply
 Customers at the most reasonable Prices.
 L. S. desires also to inform the Public, that he
 attends to repairing and renovating, which he war
 rants to be done at the cheapest rate, and in the
 best aud neatest possible manner. His long experi
 ence in the business warrants him in assuring all
 who may patronize him, that his work shall be done
 to their entire satisfaction.
 Rochester, July 14, 1848.
TRUNKS! TRUNKSI
 fPHE first quality of article is to be had at LAING
 A BONN ELL’S new Establishment, No. 59,
 State Street, Rochester. Also a general assort
 ment of Valises, Travelling Bags, &amp;c., which are
 offered at the very lowest prices tor Cash.
 Carriage Trimming executed in the latest style
 and with dirpatch, by J. T. Laing, at his old stand
 in State Street, opposite the Mansion House.
 J. T. L. having hail extensive experience in the
 Eastern markets, hopes to give satisfaction to a
 generous public who shall favor him w ith tbeir pa
 tronage.
 Rochester, July 14, 1848. 3m
POST AND WILLIS, Dealers in Drugs, Medi
 cines, Chemicals, Dye Stuffs, Paints, Varnish,
 Oils, Glassware, Brushes, Perfumery, Daguerreotype
 Stock, French and (ierman Chemicals, Artists’
 Colors, Brushes and Canvass, Etherial Oil, Gold
 Leaf and Foil, &amp;c. &amp;c.
 Being Agents for most of the celebrated Family
 and valuable Patent Medicines, and receiving the
 same directly from the Manufacturers or their Agents,
 they are enabled to supply all orders at wholesale
 and retail, on the roost favorable terms.
 Homoeopathic Books, Medicines, and Family
 Cases, with full directions. Only agents for West
 ern New York.
 Also, Sherwood’s Vibratory Magnetic Machines,
 with directions.
 Phosgene Gas; also Etherial X)il and Lamps, for
 burning tiie same. Those who would consult eco
 nomy and convenience are invited to examine these
 Lamps. The attention of Country Mercliants, Phy
 sicians, Families, and others, wishing goods in the
 above line, is requested at the APOTHECARIES’
 HALL, 4, Exchange Street.
FI R AMD SILK HATS.
 FARRINGTON PRICE, manufacturer and
 dealer in Fur and Silk Hats, Cloth and Fur
 Caps, Ladies’ Furs and Trimmings, Buffalo Rolx&gt;s
 and an assortment of Hat Cases, Umbrellas, &amp;r.,
 he. he., No. 2, St. Paul Street, Minerva Block.
 fyy A usual supply of Buckskin Gloves and
 Mittens.
ROCHESTER SHOE AND LEATHER
 JOBBING HOUSE.
 THE subscribers at No. 22 State street, take plea
 sure in announcing to the public that they have
 completed arrangements by which they are enabled
 to offer tlie most satisfactory inducements to all en
 gaged in the sale or manufacture of Boots and Shoes,
 to come to this market for a supply.
 They are also offering on the most favorable terms,
 a large stock of Sole and Upper Leather, Kip, Calf,
 and Morocco Skins, with a full assortment of Find
 ing, including Lasts, Pegs, he. Dealers will find it
 greatly to their interest to examine our stock before
 purchasing elsewhere.
 jylO SAGE h PANCOST.
PRINTING PA PR AGENCY.
 WE are Agents for the Buffalo Paper Mills,
 where Paper of (he best quality is made from
 pure spring water, very white and smooth A sup
 ply of News and Book Paper kept constantly for
 sale by us, at Mill prices, in large or small lot*.
 Any size and quality of Paper not on hand, fur
 nished at short notice.
 Printers and others will do well to call ami exam
 ine the quality and price, at No.’6 Exchange st.
 FISHER A Co.
 jy2l Booksellers and Publisher^.
BOSTON ADVERTISEMENTS.
NEW BOOKS.
 FOR SALE at the Anti-Slavery Depository, 21,
 Cornhiil—namely,
 The Liberty Bell for 1848. A few copies remain.
 Life of Wiuiam W. Brown, 2d Edition, with addi
 tional matter and aew engravings. Price, bound,
 I7| cts; in paper covers, 26 eta.
 Mr. Sbaekibrd’s Appeal in regard to tho War with
 Mexico, !2i cts.
 Position and Duties of the North, with regard to
 Slavery.. By Andrew P. Peabody. 6 eta.
 Six Months m Gracfooberg- By Hiary C. Wright.
 81^0.
 Dick Crowningshield, the assassin, aad Zachary
 Taylor, the Soldira; the Difference between
 them. By Henry C. Wright. ete. rifle; 26
 eta. per dozes.
CLARKSON,
 LONDON EDITION—WITH PORTRAIT.
 A FEW copies of CLARKSON’S HISTORY
 OF THE ABOLITION OF THE SLAVE
 TRADE, with prefeiery remarks ea the subsequent
 aboLtnm of Slavery; a beautdU Loadcm ediuon,
 with a fine Portrait of the Author, done oa steel,—«
 boek which eoald am he imported for Ira* thu three
 dollara, ran be had at 21, Csnkili, if anted for
 immsdittf ly»M the eery low price of Ox* Doha*,
 cash. Also, EULOGJUM ON CLARKSON, by
 Alexasdee CKCjfKEiL, at dm reduced price m
 twelve aad a half cents.
M^.rw£2sS£ q SH“‘‘ c&lt;
BOYS’ CLOTHING.
 QAMUEL WtLSON, 10, Brattle Street, having
 and fit, aad at as cheap prices, as can bedhmiaiil in
 (at City.
NEW ENGLAND SECOND HAND
 CLOTHING STORE,
 Tnu :ViJSiJL?*?" Homs.
a
 YSAAC B. SNOWDEN. JU***9"'
 t nTwv* &lt;(g?y i —d
HOME rOR REFORMERS.
 'T'tlE subscriber has removed to that urst. «m»c
 1 went, ami crutral hoarding-bouss, No. 2| Contra!
 Court, where he will be moot Inppy to writ runs some
 of the Friends of Reform, at reiaanwnhla charges.—
 lie wishes his bus** to he the central place m Bos
 ton, where the friends of'Temperance. Pewre, Purity,
 Freedom, the Prmower, he.,may meet together,awd
 ewjoy a comfortable and quiet home.
 Centra! Court opens at 238 Washington street
 JOHN M. SPEAR
 Iksios, A eg. 21, 1949.
 THOMAS P. SMITH. No. 39, Brattle Street.
 1 sign of the (ioldm Bail New and Second
 hsn.l Clothing Store.
 The HtssachistUsturterfyKeftev,
 pOM M FACED on the firat of December, 1947.
 V. ’V*' the 1* of March. J me. ami
 rod September. It will ho devoted to the interest
 Of no party or rlnss, hw it, eemdmnon will smdsw
 vor to pre-ent an open and Kir field he the notice
 and dwassron of matters petUmm. to Philosophy,
 I "hoc.. Literal ire. Religion, and Itmaaity.
 The Review mil be conrfoned bv R. W. F.mer
 'on. Theodore Parker, and J. F.Uiot Cabot, assisted
 bv several other gentlemAi.
 Each mini her will contain about 125 pares, at the
 [wire of 93 a year, in advance.
 ommunicatioo,, soherriptioas, hr. ahonld be
 tddressed to the Publisher,.
 fTKM.IDGE k WILEY.
 12, Water Street, Boston
TIOBERT MORRIS, Ja., Attorney and Coua-
 Bo*^ U r Law Bnuer’a Building, State Street,
TOHN D. REVALEON, Hair Cutting Saloou.
 O anti Pertianery Emporium, 114, Blacks!one-s«.
NEW YORK ADVERTISEMENTS.
JUST PUBLISHED, and for sale at the office of
 d of the Anti Slavery Standard—
 The Legion of Liberty, and Force of Truth, 10th
 edition.
 This work contains about 290 page* of dose
 reading; 300 eminent authorities, and about sixty
 illustrative engravings. Price 37J cts. in mualio,
 and 2o cents in paper covers. A very liberal dis
 count to tl*ose who purchase a number of copies.
 The_ Condition, Influence, Rights, and Appeal of
 W omen, from various authors, 121 cents.
 Letter to the People of the United States, touching
 the Matter of Slavery. By Theodora Parker.—
 Jjp. 120. Price 18$ cents.
 \l m. W. Brown’s Lecture before the Female A S.
 Society of Salem, Mass. Reported by H.'M.
 Parkburst, Boston —pp. 22. Price 5 cents.
WILLIAM S. POWELL, Sailor’s Home, 61.
 v v Cherry Street. N
 DR. j. M’CUNE SMITH, 9S, West Broad
 way.
TJ INNINGS, Surgeon-Dentist, 185, North
 Broadway.
JOSEPH C. HOLLY, Boot and Shoe Maker,
 tr No. 97, Cranbery Street, Brooklyn.
 N.B. Repairing neatly executed at the shortest
 notice and on the most reasonable terms.
PHILIP A. WHITE, Druggist, corner of Frank
 fort and Gold Street. a
 GENTEEL BOARDING HOUSE.
 CHARLES lIIGHGATE, would respectfully in
 form his friends and the public, Uiat he continues
 to devote every attention to those pleased to favor
 his home” with a'eall. The bouse is pleasantly
 located at 632 Broadway, Albany.
 Feb. 18, 1849.
WILLIAM RICH, Hair Dressing and Bathing
 Saloon, Troy House, Troy, New York.
NEW PUBLICATIONS.
 WILL BE READY IN A FEW DAYS,
 Walker’s Appeal, with a brief sketchof
 his life by Henry Highland (Samet.
 Also, (Sarnet’s Address to the Slaves of the Uni
 ted States. This address was re levied by the Na
 tional Convention at Buffalo in 1848. The edition
 is small, amt those who desire copies will do well to
 send in their orders early.
 JUST PUBLISHED, a Lecture entitled Thr
 Past and Present Cor hit ion or t»e Color
 ED Race, by Henry Highland Oamet.
 Published at Troy, N. Y. Orders attended to.
 April 28, Bm.
General Intelligence Office.
 G&lt; EO. W. GOINES having opened an Establish-
 I ment at the Philadelphia Institute,
 Lombard Street, above Seventh, for the purpose of
 procuring honest and faithful domestics for tho«e
 who may require them, and obtaining placet for
 such as are qualified and in want thereof, begs leave
 to refer to the following nnmed gentlemen, who have
 kindly permitted tlie use of their names as
 references:
 Anorew M’Makin Editor of the American Courier
 Robert Morris, Editor of die Inquirer
 Jasper Harding, Publisher of the Inquirer
 Charles J. Peterson, Editor of Neal’s Gazette
 Thot. B. Florence, Editor of Times and Keystone
 Robert Howell, 88, Cheenut Street
 Hilliam J. Mullen, 278, Catherine Street.
 Philadelphia, Sept. 1, 1848. ly—36.
DR. I&gt;. J. PECK, Physician and Surgeon, Phi
 ladelphia Institute, lombard Street, above
 Seventh. )y gg
FREE PRODUCE STORE.
 NEW GOODS just recived. General reduction
 in prices.
 Fine 4-4 Prints, various styles.
 New styles of Prints of medium quality, usual width.
 Fine and wide Paper Muslins. Also Colored
 Cambrics.
 Curtain Calico. Superior fine Chintz Umbrellas
 Oil Cloths.
 Satinets, good and cheap. Also on hand, mostly at
 reduced prices, Ginghams, various qualities and
 styles.
 Fine and heavy Shirting, Sheetings, and Pillow
 Muslins.
 Striped Cambrics. Fine 6-4 Plaid Muslin.
 Muslin de Laine, plain and neatly 6gved, all wool
 Linens, warranted free from cotton.
 Flannels 4-4 good and price low. Canton flannels,
 white and colored.
 Table Diaper and Clo£is, of different styles.
 Apron and Furuitnre Chech. Cotton Handkerchiefs.
 Cotton Twilled Pantaloon Stuff*. Also Lmen
 Drilling, he.
 Long and half Hose, fine and heavy.
 Knitting Cotton, various Nos., bleached, brown, aad
 colored.
 Wadding, white aad colored Cotton Lane. Aleo.
 Refined Loaf, Crashed, gad Pulverised Sugar.
 Brown Sugar, good quality, of various grads*.
 The whole stock e ely Frau Labor deeds,
 to which the Subscriber would invite the
 of country merchants, as well as Us friends aad ths
 public generally.
 Much pains is takes by the Manager* of dm Fran
 Produce Association, to assist the Subscriber to ea
 large the assorUaebt from time to time.
 GEORGE TAYLOR,
 Northwest corner Fifth aad Cherry -st.
 Philadelphia 2d mo. Ist, 1848. tf
MFree L*k*r (Ml.
 J* t—wii Fra, Fra-

 Manchester Gingham#; Checks, Agree and Far
 niwra; Canton Flaaenl, rabfcacZsd; Masha.
 W««*edl endl uablsnchnd, «f various qualities aad
 width; dun Masha for linings, brawn ami colored.
 Bird Eve Towel#; black aad white Wadding;
 C&lt;*ion laps; Lamp Wick; Bed Ticking, ae ex
 ceUmarod#; Calico, Stockings, Cotton,
 Orders for Goods, or Istssrs desiring mfcrmauos.
 ■ey be addraseed to J. Miller McJum, SI, North
 Fink street; Daniel L. Miller, Ttnth seist; or le
 Jamen Mott. No. SB, Church Alley.
 A laiga aad in arts sms aisnnrnsm of Prris new
 oahamf jul—tf
lati-SU?ery o Met,
 No. 81, North Fifth Street, PNhMphts.
 A FULL ssoorimsui sf pifthratisas
 wmwaaity ea
 variety of aaiseeilneeoas c
 and Fane? Statfoesry
 mil North
 F*h*tra*,Fb dmlripk-. fd—it
THE DELAWARE ABOLITiONIRT,
 a waive
 H-ewcv. H»diheodi«ndhy.Csm«riara!radTi
 be psthshed aa a hatf medira* rimm, at eraere-ftra
 l« T) hwriiliiin it
 HR ami ra »li -i.l
 ’•vr.*;
 t,.(dc4, eg ae often ae the ween
 JAMES BjßtoyT^
