FRKDKRK&amp; !K)I'IiLASM, t
 M H DF.I.ANY, Ki&gt;uo««.
VOL. 11. NO. 5.
The NORTH STAR is published
 Friday, at No. Buffalo Street,
 (ipfutit* r&gt;tt An.nA*
 TERMS.
 Two dollar* per annum, a-hnncr.
 f.ihscription will received a h s t:UI
 &lt;ix month'
 Advertisement* not exceeding ~,K
 tluee tone* for out &lt;WUr; ‘fix »&gt;»t&gt; •*"t 1,1 r
 non, l»&lt;iilv(i«r reins.
 Thv .rtyeet of the North Si xvill I-* loaturk
 Mt ITtVI in all it* form# *"&lt;l aspect*; advocate
 l!f*ivtß»Al. Ea*m tPATiot; exalt
 of Puri w Morai.iiT; promote "‘O™* an,i
 tellecnial improvement the &lt;&gt;i oRt o Pt&lt; n
 and h**.en the day of FREEDOM to 'ln* Thru
 .MiLi.iom of our F.NMAiri' ll,fl 1
 TRV M N
 PI’BI.ISHER’S NOTICES.
 ‘jy« All an* relating to ih*- fn
 .Or/, of lie |Wfe*r, nan** &lt;*l mh-c .&gt;«o
 i nice*, Ate should lie addressed J ,,H ~KK’
 P,.»)lis|H*r.
 W- Agents, and all o.he,- -ending
 ruoested 1.0 areurate, in I Si'«* Rk'
 I* County and .Ik* Kaeh Snl.o nlier mi
 med lately redited I**r money ie&lt;ei\id. f
 frt- Am iK*r*on -end,..* the |*V»««rt r
 eubscrihe.', to I- lorwnr.led to address. «'«'f
 have a filth cops lor on* year..
 (0. All letter- .nil eoiimmmralnm* mn.-l i*e p*
 paid.
 I.IST Ml' AOENTS.
 Ma«*CHU«MTS.-K. I \V alrillt« ~l
 Horton; Natlian Johnson, V-w IV-il;
 Foster, Lo vell; J une N
 Evan*, Worcester B n.nie 1
 Charles 11. Seth, S|Miughekl|; O**'* l
 Northampton; 11. *r|* n'ei. I J,
 M ainr..—Oliver Deii iett, I ort a ,il
 V.UMns r. Row land Kolmiikom, SnttU lr.
 "co-fi relit*■,iT.-Jo.f.ll.iii. K-nnifd, New Haven
 ’J t All*any; Klim Ifoty, Macedon; \V illetu Keese,
 P.. rl Minim. Comity; William S. Baltimore, Inn;
 .1 F. Platt, Penn Van; J. Jeffrey, f-eneva; h. I*.
 Platt, Rath. i
 KitoPt Ist. n I*. —AmaraneVl ante, I »c»Videi»ee.
 pfnnsyi vasia —J. M. M’Rii.l,3l, Northfifth
 Street. Pli.ladelpltta; W. (mines 8,
 I*l ire. Ditto; B. Bown.Pittsburgh; Mm. W lti|»|&gt;* t,
 Columbia; Isaac Roberts, Jacob L. Faxon, N,,lT|&gt;
 iown, Montgomery County, Milo A. lownsemi,
 Npw Brighton. w
 Ohio. —Christ ism DotistMson, inoilfliioi; y **l
 and fiaioes, Ditto; Valentine Niiliolsoti, Har
 vpyslmrgli, Warren Samuel Brooke, Salem.
 Mich I«. as.—Ruliert Ranks, Detroit.
 I s i&gt;i a s a .—J'kl P. Davis, Keonomy, ay tie Co
Jo tin of our Abucrsarks.
 SOI TI! CAROLINA.
 Mr. Manning, from the Senate Com
 mittee on Federal Relations, reported
 the following preamble and resolutions
 as the legislative action of South Caro-,
 lina on the question oi the extension of
 Slavery: j
 Whereas, It appears to he the de!ib-j
 erate purpose of a large portion of the
 people of the Northern States of this 1
 Union, to attempt through Congress
 the abolition of slavery in the District
 of Columbia, and to exclude the intro
 duction of slaves into New Mexico and
 California, in the organization ol their
 territorial governments; be it there
 fore
 Resolved, That we solemnly deny the
 power of Congress, under the Federal
 Compact, to interfere, directly or indi
 rect! v, with the existence of slavery in
 the District of Columbia, or to prohibit
 its introduction into any territory ac
 quired by treaty, or by the joint arms of
 the separate sovereign and independent
 States of this confederacy, or into any
 portion of this continent.
 Resolved, That this General Assem
 bly cordially approves and adopts as its
 own, the resolutions passed by the Le
 gislature of Virginia, in the year
 wherein it is asserted, that under no
 circumstances will that body recognize
 any enactment of the Federal Govern
 ment which has for its object the prohi
 fion of slavery in any territory acquired
 either by conquest or treaty; ami that
 the passage of the VV'ilrnot Proviso by
 Congress makes it the duty of every
 slaveholding State, and all citizens
 thereof, as they value their dearest
 privileges their sovereignties—their
 independence —their rights of property
 —to take firm, united and concerted
 action in this emergency.
 Resolved, That upon the question of
 the Wilmot Proviso, this General As
 sembly entertains a determined feeling
 of opposition and resistance, and that
 regarding it as a paramount issue in
 their Federal relations, they are dis
 posed to forego all minor differences of
 opinion with other slaveholdmg Slates,
 in older to form a perfect union with
 them, in opposition and resistance to le
 gislation by Congress at once intolera
 ble and unconstitutional.
 Resolved, That the Governor of this
 state is hereby requested to forward a
 copy of these resolutions to the several
 Lxeciitivcs of the slaveholding States,
 to be laid before their respective Legis
 latures, and that they be invited to co
 operate in such measures as may be,
 deemed necessary to protect Southern
 rights, property and honor.
 Resolved, That the Governor ol this
 State be further requested to forward a
 copy of these resolutions to our Sena
 tors and Representatives at Washing
 ton, to be laid before both Houses of
 ongress during the present session.
 Here is a rich thing from the Chris*
 twin index, published at Penfield, Ga.
 Only think of Christ, au H |av«.” ex
 communicating their fdbw “Chris
 tians’' for running away!
 A Symptom or Reform n Ahoi.i
 tiowwts.—’ The Abolitionists of‘he city
 of New York recently had a great
 gathering, for the purpose of geuinir
 up an excitement in favor of two col
 ored girls,who had attempted to escape
 from their owner, and had been re
 taken and sold to negro-traders. They
 succeeded admirably, and soon raised
 to purchase their freedom We
 hope this is a symptom of their iufen
 tiou to reform and abstain from stealing
 negroes ft futuie. It is certainly much
THE NORTH STAR
more honest i«* m than to kteai. them,
 amt there is a much better prospect ol
 succeeding in eradicating slavery by
 buying slaves tree, than by resort tc
 theft or violence. We do not know a
 slaveholder.in all our region who would
 not he verv willing to sell ont his slaves
 f-»r Si per head, or indeed for much
 le-s. But there is one thing about this
 matter we do not fully understand. It
 is, ti»at they will not buv any one who
 does not a disregard to the divine
 injunction given to servants, to be sub
 ject to their own masters; to the frow
 ard as well as to the gentle. The two
 girls whose freedom they purchased,
 we are told, are members of the Meth
 odist Episcopal Church. There is not
 a Christian slave in any of our colored
 Baptist churches of the S&lt;wi) who
 would not vote to excommunicate a
 member who should attempt to run
 away from his or her master; so much
 purer are the Christian morals ol
 Southern si.avi.s, than are the morals
 of fanatical freemen at the North!—
 However, as Abolitionists st emtohave
 commenced the reform, we hope they
 will go on, and yet evince that they
 esteem the obedient more than they do
 the disobedient and turbulent, by giving
 a still higher price for the former class.
 They may thus, perhaps, elevate them
 selves, finally, to the high moral stand
 at present occupied by Christian slaves
 hi the South.
©elections.
From tlie Cleveland I'lniinloaler.
 SLAVERV IN THE DISTRICT OF
 COLUMBIA.
 Jt is time that the people of the north
 west, without distinction of party, were
 aroused to the importance of abolishing
 slavery in the District of Columbia. It
 is a disgrace to the nation that the Re
 presentatives from our free. States
 should he sent year alter year, as they
 have for more than half a century, to
 legislate on slave soil. Is it not enough
 that the South should have the execu
 tive control of the government fifty-two
 out of sixty-four years, a majority of the
 cabinet ministers, and four-fifths of the
 government patronage during that time,
 without asking the additional advantage
 of compelling our nation’s capital to
 remain on slavery soil, and surrourgling i
 our Representatives from the free
 States with slavery influences? Yej
 freemen of the North, go to Washing-,
 ton as we have done, and spend but a
 single winter, yea, hut a single month,
 and you will see the policy and the ab
 solute necessity of abolishing slavery
 there, or removing the capital into free
 soil.
 First consider that two distinct races
 of men constitute the voters and politi-!
 cians of this Republic, made distinct, j
 not by birth, but by a still stronger in
 fluence —habit. In the Southern por-i
 tion of this Republic, voters do not
 work. Slaves do the work, their mas
 ters the voting. The brains of the
 whole Southern population is in the
 heads of some 300,000 slaveholders,
 who do all the thinking, writing, read
 ing and voting of the whole population.
 They are the natural horn gentlemen of
 the land, know nothing about manual
 labor, having been reared among the
 slaves, and taught trotn their infancy to
 treat it as the legitimate employment of
 a degraded race. Their children are
 educated in the same way, and thus
 Southern society is formed. Here is an
 aristocracy of wealth, bound together
 by tiic strongest ties of pride and self
 ishness, and which, when anything po
 litical touches hut a bristle of their in
 terests, the whole stye is in an uproar.
 From their numbers are selected the
 most wealthy, talented and intelligent,
 to represent them in Congress. They
 go to Washington, not as our Northern
 men here do, taken from the plow, the
 anvil and the workshops, where they
 Jiave been accustomed to earn their
 bread by the sweat of their brows, and
 who, to carry out the economy forced
 upon them by a life of toil and industry,;
 take cheap conveyance, a change oi
 linen, and put up at some cheap board-'
 iug house; but they go with their whole
 family equipage, wives, daughters and
 sons; horses, carriages and servants ini
 livery; grooms, drivers, waiting-maids
 and body servants, u whole retinue of
 slaves. They throng Washington—
 tliey engage the best houses, pay the
 highest prices, make the largest par
 ties, and of course are the bon lon of
 society in the District. They not only
 command the service of the menials,
 but the attention of all the tradesmen,
 boarding-house widows, hotel-keepers,
 1 and in fact dictate public opinion
 throughout the city’s precincts. At
 parties, halls, and public tables, they
 make no reserve in the expression of
 their opinions on that subject which is
 uppermost, because most important
 with them; we mean Slavery. Ave,
 how they do ridicule and abominate
 abolitionists, and that ou all occasions,
 without caring to know who are present
 to sufl'er from their scoffs and ribaldry.
 We were astonished to find this slavery
 sentiment pervading every nook and
 corner of W ashington. ,The very air
 seemed impregnated with its pestiferous
 breath —no one dared resist it. The
 lucquey about the house, the cockney
 in the streets, the soup" hi the oyster
 cellar, the gambler at bis billiards, the
 boarding-school miss, the clerks in all
 the departments, the stranger within the
 gales, all seemed to fall in with the pre
 vailing current.
 Now place a Northern Representa
 tive from the backwoods of Maine, or
 some wild region of the W cst, for the
 fir.-4 lime in such society. He has got
 to mess, visit and drink with these same
 gentry to the manor boro/’ for he is
 among the list of Honorable*/' and
right is of no sex—truth is of no color— god is the father of us all, and all we are brethren.
pritmu fui.it all Congressmen are gen
 l tlemen? He will find, perhaps, as sooi
 as his residence is known, some half-a
 dozen billet-doux upon his table, invit
 i ing him to as many private balls,” o
 t social parties,” to all of which hi
 must go, or send his “regrets.” He ii
 astonished at the attention paid him
 and by the very ones he is pledged t&lt;
 hate—the Southern aristocrats. N&lt;
 one can calculate, who has not been it
 j Washington, not even the victim;
 themselves, the extent of this Southerr
 influence upon our Northern members
 It is true that outside the capital, am
 throughout the District ol Columbia
 the South have it all their own way.—
 'lt is their own soil. They feel a!
 home. Public opinion is af their nod."
 Man u social being. He cannoi
 disconnect himself with the local feel
 ings around him. He is inclined, fron
 his very nature, more or less to the
 wishes ol those with whom he asso
 ciates, especially if such wishes art
 accompanied with acts of civility anc
 kindness. Now imagine such a repre
 sentative as we have described, living
 from three to six months in such soci
 ety, and breathing such an atmosphere,
 trying to discharge his duties satisfac
 torily to his constituents and to his new
 associates. He is called upon, for in
 stance, to vote to abolish slavery in the
 District of Columbia. This is bearding
 the lion in his very den. Such a ques
 tion could not rise in Congress and
 come to a vote, without all those social
 appliances which Southern members
 and citizens of the District know so
 well how to use, being first brought to
 hear upon every approachable North
 ern member. The man who resists
 them all, braves the public opinion oi
 the metropolis, and votes himself an
 outcast from Washington society, as he
 surely does who votes against slavery,
 and is a man of no ordinary nerve.—
 We have seen this influence work. We
 have w itnessed its power. The country
 has felt its degradation.
 As matters are now controlled at
 Washington, with the President, prin
 cipal heads of the departments, with
 their retinue of clerks, dependants and
 official patronage, the official organ of
 the administration, all, in the slavery
 interest; it is safe to estimate that all
 these, combined with the personal influ
 ence of Southern members, citizens of
 the District, and more than all, the
 slave soil under their feet, produce an
 effect upon the legislation of this coun
 try, equal to seventy-five congressional
 votes! So much power do the South
 derive from the location of the capital
 upon their own slave lt is a con
 sideration well worthy freemen of the
 North, whether, after allowing the
 South twenty-five members as a slave
 property representation, which they are
 entitled to under the Constitution, (five
 slaves counted as three white men,)
 they shall be allowed this additional
 power, derived, not from property nor
 population, hut simply from compelling
 the North to go into a slave country to
 make laws for a free people. The
 power of Congress to abolish slavery
 in the District, is not a question for
 dispute.
 It is not left like other territory of the
 government, but the express power is
 given in the Constitution in these
 words: Congress shall exercise ex
 clusive legislation in all cases whatso
 ever, over said District,” &amp;c. It is
 only a matter of expediency, then—a
 question of duty now with the law
 making power, whether slavery shall
 he abolished in the District or not. So
 long as our Southern friends were wil
 ling to let our frbe Representatives dis
 charge their duties unbiased by the lo
 cal slavery influences ol the District,
 so long has the North been willing to
 allow them the national capital within
 their borders. We have even allowed
 this spot", which more than any other on
 earth ought to he sacred to freedom, to
 he desecrated by the buying and selling
 of human beings, and the ears of
 Northern freemen made familiar with
 the clank and chains of those in
 bonds.” 1 iie same stars and stripes
 that wave over the capital as indica
 tions of our national liberty, also wave
 over the “slav£ pens” in the District on
 any extraordinary occasion. Under
 one, the white man glories in his free
 dom; under the other, the black man
 groans in his fetters.
 Foreigners, foreign ministers, and
 ambassadors, visit the capital of this
 boasted land of freedom, and see men,
 women and children, of all ages and
 hues, bound hand and hand, driven two
 and two through the open streets, and
 in broad daylight, down to a Southern
 mart and into a hopeless servitude.—
 Before the eyes of all the world, what
 a deep disgrace is this, and what a
 damning commentary upon the profes
 sions of the Model Republic!” Now,
 for writing this article* for uttering such
 rientimeuts as these, we know the Hot
 spurs of the South will not thank us.—
 fhey owe us uo good will for bringing
 the attention of the people to these
 matters. Tar and feathers no doubt
 await us, should we dare visit those re
 gions which are said to be in ten de
 crees of more indulgent climes. But
 we must tell them frankly what we
 want, whqf the workies,” the labor
 ing millions of the free States demand,
 and what is due to our national charac
 ter and to freedom. It is this “No
 extension of slavery beyond its present
 limits no compromise with slavery
 within its present limits, any further
 than is guarantied by the Constitution.
 Slavery in the District of Columbia to
 be abolished, or the Capital removed.
 Now, gentlemen of the South, make
 up your minds to this, and submit to it
 with the best grace you can. It is
 fixed, rosolved npou, and by a power
 capable of effecting it. The people
 have willed it, and it must be dot*.—
ROCHESTER, N. Y., FRIDAY, JANUARY 20, HU).
-i We claim no right to interfere legis
 i latively with slavery within any ol
 the States, and have never arrogated
 any. We claim no right morally tc
 stir the question in such a way as to ex
 pose the lives of our fellow-eitizena
 i travelling South, to the tortures ol
 Lynch law. We deeply deplore any
 i intemperate movement on this moment
 i;ous subject, in view of the “dreadful
 i wrecks” so much threatened by our
 Southern neighbors, which the meeting
 tides of Northern and Southern fanati
 cism may spread around their borders.
 1 But while we entertain these senti
 mejnts, we know ho reason that renders
 it incumbent on us to conceal how far
 e it* views are opposed to fojfering sla
 very under our glorious Constitution at
 the expense of freedom. The impres
 sion made upon 119 m boyhood by that
 profound exclamation of C'ato, that
 “A day, ai» litnii ol' virtuous lilirity,
 I* worth a whole eternity of bondage,”
 lias been worn deeper and deeper in
 I the progress of years; arid we yearn
 more now than ever with strong dpsire
 for the day when Freedom shall no
 longer wave
 Her fustian flag in mockery over slaves!”
 C«»rre»|&gt;oiiileiice of the Tribune.
 MOKE PACHECO.
 Washington, Friday, Jan. 12.
 Nearly the whole day was spent on
 I Mr. Sawyer’s motion to reconsider the
 vote by which the House had rejected
 the bill for the relief of the heirs of An
 tonia Pacheco, owner of the slave
 Lewis. The debate was opened by
 I Mr. Sawyer in a speech, from which I
 only gathered that he still meant to vote
 against the claim. Mr. Turner, ©fill.,
 (who had not voted till now) next made
 a dubious speech, whence l also gath
 ered that he too would vote against the
 claim. He made some good points.—
 Mr. Palfrey, of Mass., next obtained
 the floor, and, amid frequent interrup
 tions, made a very strong speech against
 the bill. He argued that, apart from
 the position that the Federal Constitu
 tion regarded Slaves as Persons and
 not as Property, it was not fully proved
 that Gen. Jessup sent this negro out ol
 Florida with the Seminoles, and even if
 he did, (Lewis was still the rightful
 slave of Pacheco,) it was an act done
 without due authority of Law, and for
 which the United States was not respon
 sible. A military commander has no
 authority, under our Constitution, to
 banish men from the country, on the
 ground that they are dangerous, sedi
 tious persons, and if any one has. done
 so, he is personally responsible to who
 ever has suffered fiy the* wmrrg.
 let the Pachecos sue Gen. Jessup, and
 recover the value of their lost slave, if
 they have any right of recovery,and let
 Gen. Jessup petition us for indemnity,
 pleading that the public good required
 him to act as he did, and the claim will
 be rightfully before us. Mr. Palfrey
 was continually interrupted by ques
 tions from opponents, but they did not
 make their expenses.
 Mr. Morse, of La., got the floor,and
 spoke warmly in support of the claim.
 I did not think he made much headway
 —but that may be the result of preju
 dice on my part.
 Saturday, Jan. 13.
 All day long—the dreary fourth day
 of this discussion—lias been spent on
 the Pacheco slave case. Two days it
 took us to reach a decisive vote on the
 question—part of another day to deter
 mine w hether we had passed or rejected
 the bill—and now' we have spent two
 more days on Mr. Sawyer’s motion to
 reconsider. And this is not a Northern
 but a Southern agitation of the Slave
 Question in Congress.
 The debate to-day was opened by
 Judge Collamer, of Vt,, in a speech of
 great clearness and cogency. He fairly
 demolished any remaining vestige of
 pretence that the United States, as hirer
 or bailee of the slave Lewis, w r ere le
 gally hound to restore him to his for
 mer owner. He was hired at the legal
 risk of the owner—the United States
 were only hound louse proper care and
 caution with the person or thing hired
 —and there is no pretence oPany fail
 ure in such case. The slave was there
 fore lost or escaped when employed at
 the risk of his owner, who must catch
 him if he wants him.
 But the same negro came in under a
 capitulation, and Gen. Jessup ordered
 him to be sent west with the Indians.—
 Now he either was entitled to go west
 with the Indians under the terms of the
 surrender, or (if he were still the pro
 perty of Pacheco) his exile was an ar
 bitrary act, for which Jessup, and not
 the United States, was responsible.—
 He said the books were full of cases
 where claims for damage to, or forcible
 conversior of the property ot individ
 uals to public use by military oflicers,
 had been legally enforced against such
 officers, notwithstanding the plea of
 public necessity.
 Mr. R. K. Meade, of Va., next got
 the floor, and made a most inflamma
 tory speech in favor ol Southern
 wrongs and all that, full of vague threats
 that the Union would not last long, un
 less the North stayed its hand and cot
 toned more to the “peculiar institu
 tion.” Ho was proceeding to denounce
 Mr Gott’a resolution and the vote
 adopting it in the most unsparing
 terras,, when Mr. Toombs, of Georgia,
 called to order. He could not consent
 to this disorderly discussion ot a ques
 tion not before the House Ine ques
 tion now was about Pacheco aud his
 negro. The Speaker decided the ob
 jection well taken, bat
 in rather a lower key. He said if the
 rights of slaveholders to their slaves as
 property were not respected and main
 tained by this government, then he
 would not give t sn*p f° r t»»oo-
Mr. Toombs, of Georgia, obtain?
 the floor after Mr. Hat), and (the bou
 being quite latei yielded to a motioi
 for adjournment, which was strongl;
 resisted but just carried? So closer
 I another day of Pacheco. A motion t&lt;
 adjourn before Mr. Hall’s speech, wa
 defeated largely by a vote of the Yea
 and Nays, and this last would have beei
 also had the Previous Question beet
 ordered, so as to bring the House to
 direct vote. But there were thirty
 jumping for the floor, and it could no
 ibe made certain that one of thos&lt;
 wanting to move the Previous Questioi
 would get it afler Mr. Toombs h&amp;&lt;
 concluded —so the adjournment wa
 1 carried.
 This waste of time would be less de
 plorable if a great principle would b&lt;
 settled by the vote. Such is not tin
 i tact. The late arguments have si
 qualified and whittled it down, tha
 whenever we shall reach the question
 nothing will be settled but whether Pa
 i checo shall get pay for his negro—per
 haps not even that. The question iiom
 goes over to next Friday (first Privai*
 Bill day.)
(JOTT’S RESOLUTION
 What further is to become of the
 resolution, may be learned by the fol
 j lowing letter, which we ropy from the
 N. Y. Evening Post:
 Washington, Jan. Jl.
 The tactics of the slaveholders have
 again most signally prevailed. The
 Southern caucus has done its work,
 even though its formal proceedings have
 just begun. The Whig leaders ami
 t their followers have equally bowed
 their necks, and an early example has
 been made of the manner in which Con
 gress and the legislation of the conntry
 can he controlled, without the use of
 the veto. I described to you yesterday,
 very briefly, how the majority of the
 House retreated from the position it
 assumed of continuing the slavetrade in
 this District. The full extent of their
 retrograde march was not apparent un
 til this morning, when Mr. Wentworth
 expressed his curiosity as to what was
 to be done with ail. the amendments and
 substitutes pending to and for Mr.
 Gott’s resolution for the abolition of the
 most infamous form of the slavetrade
 existing in the United States.
 The Speaker civilly informed Mr.
 Wentworth that the resolution and all
 its belongings had gone into that abyss
 which knows no bottom, the budget of
 unfinished business. He said that the
 resolution and the previous question
 upon it having been reconsidered, it
 UaiLJeefc it# of a -privileged
 question, and could only be taken up
 again in its order, as it stood upon the
 calendar. Of course Mr. C. B. Smith,
 of Indiana, and their co-laborers, were
 well aware of this result when they
 pressed with such zeal and energy the
 motion to reconsider. As to both these
 gentlemen, but particularly the former,
 they have well earned a place in Gen.
 Taylor’s cabinet, or a foreign mission,
 or any other snug and comfortable of
 fice which they may demand, each for
 himself or for his relations or friends.
 Mr. Caleb B. Smith misrepresents a
 constituency as decidedly in favor of
 Free Soil sentiments as any in the Un
 ion. Among them are a very large
 body of Quakers, who hold their yearly
 meetings at Richmond, the principal
 town in his district.
 Gen. Taylor was held out to them as
 the Free Soil candidate. “Taylor and
 Free Soil” was the watchword of the
 party in that part of the State, and in
 deed throughout the State. ill these
 good friends take Caleb’s case under
 dealing at their next ineetiug" Proba
 bly; but what will Caleb care? He
 will ere then have been called to his
 reward, and perhaps his only answer to
 their sentence of condemnation will be
 the removal of tfce local postmaster,
 from whose office it shall he sent to
 him. in imitation of the illustrious ex
 ample of Polk and Cave Johnson.
 The berth of Postmaster General must
 be considered appropriated from yes
 terday F«»ols that were
 gulled by the cry that Taylor could do
 no harm, so long as we had a good
 Whig Congress, will perhaps now be
 gin to open their eyes.
 The Boston Republican says:
 The contemptible tricksters who at
 first voted for Gott’s resolution, and
 then refused to clinch it, by voting
 against the motion to lay Mr. Stuart’s
 motion on the table, and who finally
 shuffled, dodged, or actually backed out
 of the position they had taken—these
 contemptible doughfaces have done their
 work. Their first votes have gone
 home,to be crowed over by the partizan
 newspapers in their own Districts,
 while the process by which they ignobly
 betrayed the North, at the bidding of
 the Southern friends of Taylor, will not
 be heard of. The Springfield Republi
 can, the Plymouth Memorial, and the
 New Bedford Mercury, will shed a
 few* natural tears for the comfort of a
 bamboozled constituency, but they will
 never let the people know that three
 Taylor representatives from Massachu
 setts, have actually voted against the
 confirmation of Gott’s resolution, while
 others have dodged the responsibility of
 a vote, and done (heir share of the ser
 vile'work. But the people of Massa
 chusetts will by and by find out where
 Taylorism has placed them. Patience!’
 VERMONT ML A VERY RESOLU
 TION*.
 The following resolves wept adopted
 unanimously in both brandies of the
 Vermont Legislature, previous to their
 adjournment.
 Resolved, by the Senate and House
 of Repress at aiives, That we seek m
 vain to discover any foundation for bu~
 man slavery in the divine or natural
I law, or the lew of nations; that it* on
 gin in all cases may he traced to Irau
 i or physical force, and that all local law
 »;for its continuance or protection hav
 l! been, afterwards, introduced by th
 slaveholders themselves to justify an
 i perpetuate their usurpations.
 t| Resolved, That Congress possesses
 i and ought immediately to exercise, th
 i power to prohibit slavery in the territc
 i rics of New Mexico and California
 and that without such prohibition, au
 the strong arm of the General Govern
 j ment to enforce its observance, there i
 i great danger that it will obtain a foot
 II hold there, not only without the aol c
 i local laws, but against them, thus add
 ing a hull (father stain upon our nu
 tional honor, and subjecting tlie fre&lt;
 States to the injustice of a still greate
 inequality in their Representation it
 i Congress.
 i Resolved* That our Senators rn Con
 gress be instructed, and our Repre
 sentatives requested, to exert their el
 forts for a passage of a law abolishing
 j slavery in the District of Columbia,an&lt;
 prohibiting the traffic in slaves betweei
 the States.
 j Resolved, That it is unbecoming tin
 representatives of freemen, muintainiiq
 the declaration that liberty is inaliena
 j hie, to legislate for the general welfare
 i while their eyes are insulted with tin
 frequent sjfbctacle of men chained
 shackled, and driven to market, or con
 tined in pens, awaiting buyers.
 Aud whereas, Slavery in the Pistric
 j of Columbia exerts a balelul influence
 upon the action of Congress, checking
 the freedom of debate, threatening tin
 freedom of the press, and controlling
 j the Executive department at Washing
 ton; Therefore,
 Resolved, That unless slavery in th&lt;
 District he speedily abolished by tin
 j action of Congress, with the assent o
 the inhabitants, it is the duty of Con
 gress to pass a law removing the sea
 jof Government into the territory o
 some free State, more central and mort
 convenient for the nation, where the
 Representatives of the people may he
 more free to legislate for the general
 welfare.
 TIIE VOTE OF INDIANA FOR
 FREEDOM.
 There has never been a more servile
 tool of the slave power in the Congress
 of the United States, than Senator
 Hannegan, of Indiana. During the
 period he has misrepresented the noble
 State which sent him to Washington
 his whole dhfeer has been distiuguishei
 by a most Unscrupulous disregard t&lt;
 the rights of th# North, and thermos
 cringing servility to fhe manstealers &lt;5
 the South, But his constituents liav*
 marked him, and driven him from the
 post which he has so long dishonored
 and disgraced The free people of In
 diana have supplied his place in the
 Senate with a better man—one who has
 a heart as well as a head, and who is
 too honest to legalize in free territories
 the horrible crimes aud iniquities of our
 slave system. Gov. Whitcomb is to
 be the successor of Hannegan, and the
 following extract from his late inau
 gural message will show what the
 friends of freedom may expect from
 him:
 Decided as the opinion of the peo
 ple of Indiana is against the institution
 of human slavery, yet they have ever
 manifested a determination never to in
 terfere with the constitutional rights of
 any of our sister States on this subject.
 They love that glorious Union which
 was framed by the Conscript Fathers
 of the earlier days of the Republic,and
 to which, under Providence, w&lt; are in
 debted for our present eminence among
 the nations of the earth. But the pres
 ent question does not regard slavery in
 the States, or in any State,. It refers
 exclusively to the propriety ol its exist
 ence hereafter, in a territory now free.
 This territory has now come to us free
 —is now free, and in my opinion it
 should remain free, and that every con
 stitutional and legal means should he
 adopted to continue it free. Nor do I
 think our Southern brethren would, in
 that case, have any just cause of cora-j
 plaint Florida was ceded to the United
 States as a slave territory, and so it
 was suffered to remain, and the same
 remarks will apply to the acquisition of
 Texas.”
 When the Governor of a State talks
 like that, the people are not long in
 “catching the tune,”and in the second
 day of the session, the following joint,
 resolution was presented. If straws
 show which way the wind is blowing, j
 surely indications like these must con
 vince tjje most doubting that a political
 tornado is coming which will sweep the!
 last vestige of slavery from the land.
 Whereas, the people of Indiana
 regard the institution of Human Sla
 very as a great moral and political evil,
 and whereas, the people of the United
 States have recently acquired from the
 Republic of Mexico a large amount e/
 territory which is now free, and which,]
 in the opinion of this General Aaaem-,
 bly, ought forever to remain free; and
 whereas, it is the opinion of this Gen- j
 eral Assembly, that Congress possesses;
 the power under the Constitution to pro
 lubit the extension of slavery into such
 territory, and that it b right and proper
 that such power be exercised by Con
 gress; Therefore, be it
 Resolved, by the General Assembly
 of tbe State of Indiana, That our Sen
 ators in Congress be, and they are
 hereby instructed, and our Represeat
 tives requested, to me tbeir influence
 and vote in fetor of tbe passage of a
 law providing that there shall be neither
 slavery nor involuntary servitude in any
 of said territory, otherwise than in the
 punishment ol crime, whereof the
 shall have boon duly
 Christian Cdtssn.
JOHN DICK,
WHOLE NO. 55.
STATF. I.£OlH|.atirc axi&gt; Gotcrti*
 i or s Message.— After three or four
 s days of pprtv quarrel, upon the elec*
 e tion of Speaker, the House of Repre
 c sentatives organized on Friday by the
 i) choice of Parker, the democratic can
 didate, as Speaker; the Native Atneri
 i, cans voting tor him. On Saturday the
 ej (Governor's message was read, and it
 reached Philadelphia by express late on
 1 Saturday evening. It i» a long docu-
 J tnent, mostly occupied with the discus
 sion of State finances, taritf, for
 s protection to home manufactures, and
 banks. He speaks frankly against the
 1 extension of slavery, taking about the
 _ ground of the Free.Soi! pnrty, viz., that
 -f while the constitutional compromises
 2 and protections to slavery in the States
 r must be faithfully observed, the system
 i must not be suffered to spread over
 another foot of F»-ee Soil. He also
 recommends the Legislature to instruct
 their Senators and request their Repre
 sentatives to give their influence in
 r Congress against the extension of
 slavery.
 i VVe give below the portion of the
 i message which speaks on this subject.
 i— Penn. Freeman.
 r The New Mexico and
 .i California, presents'again in the Na
 tional Congress the important question
 of extension or non-extension of human
 slavery. At the adoption of the nation
 i al constitution, the longer continuance
 of what was then considered an evil,
 l was strongly agitated, and resulted in a
 compromise, permitting it in the States
 where at that time it existed. The
 constitution being submitted to the
 States, was adopted with others by
 Pennsylvania, and after the lapse of
 more than half u century, it remain*
 the great fundamental law of the Cniou.
 i To preserve and perpetuate it—to ac
 knowledge its supremacy,—to maintain
 and defend its principles,—and to sub
 mit to its compromises; are duties to
 which every citizen is pledged, what
 ever his opinions in relation to questions
 arising under it. This’fundamental
 law recognizes the right to hold slaves
 in the States which were parties to the
 compact, but it makes no further ac
 knowledgement. It bears on its plain
 and expressive page no agreement, ex
 press or implied, for the further exten
 sion of human slavery. That this
 national wrong has been extended with
 the progress of population, is not an
 argument in favor of its justice, its
 constitutional right, or of the salutary
 effects it has produced in the territories
 where it has been admitted. Shall it
 I be further extended? To the Congress
 i ol .the United States belongs the aur
 ij thorjfy to settle this important question
 rr nert)re it srtmtt rmvir trwn sJcrcrurfm-rf,
 the opinions of our citizens on the sub
 ject should be fully and distinctly made
 known, through their public function
 i aries, to the confederate States. The
 right to instruct our Senators, and re
 quest the Representatives in the Na
 tional Councils, ought not to be used
 on light and trivial occasions, while on
 subjects gravely affecting the well
 being of the country, it becomes a duty
 which no one will decline. In the ex
 ercise of this admitted right, the legis
 lature will find the opportunity to
 express in terms not to ho mistaken,
 the position which is held by Pennsyl
 vania on this grave and momentous
 question.
 While the compromises of tho Con
 stitution should ha maintained in good
 faith against our Southern brethren,
 it is our duty to see that they are ob
 served with equal fidelity to ourselves
 No encroachments however sanctioned
 by use, should be acknowledged as
 precedents for further wrongs, against
 the interests, prosperity and happiness
 of the non-slavrholding States of the
 Union. If slavery he, in itself, an in
 fraction of human rights :—lf it be di
 rectly opposed to the enlightened spirit
 of our free institutions, —if it destroy
 the equality of power in the general
 Government, by enlarging where it ex
 ists, the constitutional representation—
 if it possess a direct or indirect influ
 ence against Northern and Western
 policy and interests, by promoting a
 system of laws, destructive to domes
 tic industry, arid vitally affecting free
 labor—if it retard the natural growth
 of population and improvement, by the
 appropriation of large tracts of land,
 for the benefit of the few, to the inju
 ry of the many,—if it b« in open
 defiance to the spirit of the age, the
 march of natural truth, and the en
 lightened policy of mankind, —it is time
 to arrest its further progress. These,
 it is believed, are the settled convic
 tions of our citizens, and their deter
 mination to maintain them is unalterable
 (.oal Lax os.— At a recent vale of coal
 lands, about five mile* from PitUbui *h, om
 thousand dollars per acre was received lor
 the coal. The land was ihk add with the
 coal.
 In Pawtucket on Sunday morning last, a
 young man named Nicholas Kivanna was
 Auitoe'iUd iti can y qutoee of inhaling the im
 pure air of a will that had heroine dry into
 vv Inch he had descended for the purpose of
 deepening it. Another persou that was ue»r
 bun caote :*Car sharing the uuue late.
 A Family Kissed to Death. —The
 house of a colored woman nan.**! Celia
 Butler, at a place called Keggs.’* Seek. i«
 St. Mary’s county, Md was desl/uyfd by
 fire on Saturday night week, and her foui
 children, the eldest nine years of *g*&lt; P**
 tshed in the flame*. Tho mother absent
 at a huakmg fem. _
 AnDUCTJOrt cask* l* XlAaVi-aAD. hi is**
 lot County Court. I** l
 Thomar. bekmgjtg Ut CmK, was
 tried and rontxied «i enuring and asewuci*
 four »k*vc* run sway. He was aeateaced
 I*fifteen years **d mootoa labor u&gt; the
 puuuawtiary I» the same Court, Jam*-* K.
 Work w*s cmrnmA of abdoetmg two slave*.
 Ilowoof-ATUtc V *medieal rel
 ief** according to this system of medicine, is
 about being entab'iaheJ ta Philadelphia
 Jcaoes tad WUhagtoa tie tofeth?
 P i
