FREDERICK DOUGLAS»,
 M. R. DELANV, Enmmi
VOL 11. NO. 6.
T kr NORTH BTAR is published ever
 Friday, at No. 25, Hu (Into Mtreel,
 tppant* tUf Arotdt.
 TERMS.
 Two tlollai* pxr ißiml. Woay* &lt;*ir+nre. N&lt;
 t•&lt;)•*&lt;'! i|&gt;iion »ill l«*» myivwl l.*r 4 f r ll l"**
 dtx month'
 Adr**rtit*MiMtiuti n*.t xxr*x«ini!&lt; I*****
 j litres mux* |.»r t&gt;«x* &lt;i**lGt; xvxty
 IMS, urwily-livn cmil*
 "Z. ii-*r
 Thi object of the &gt;&lt;*RTII Si »R will l»* »o altacK
 Si. AVSftV irt *ll iu funmi’ amt a&lt;lvocs»tc
 I'MVEKKai. Ex a wcip atios evali tlx* slaixiurtl
 vt PuHic MobaI.ITT; |&gt;riMiK»tf ll» uxtral :tn«l in
 iflifdnal improvement «f tl*** &lt;*oi.«»RE*» I‘eom.K;
 and l**tm the thv t&lt;f FREKIHiM tlx* Thru
 Mili.l'»&gt; s '»f one Kssi.Arr.li 1 t’t t'tttv t &lt;tr.i-
 TMMI N.
 PItRLISIIER'S NOTICES.
 All rnminui»»caiion« rrlalina to the tm* i»w
 ol" tlx* |taper, name- nf »ut&gt;*tTibrr&lt;*, n*inii
 txrice-, hlxhiUl tin a.l'lre- «e»l to J *HS Dick,
 I'ablinher.
 ,0 p Agent*, and all other* vending name*, are
 eijix*«»ed to lx* accurate. au&lt;l give the P&lt;Mt Ofiiiv,
 lie ('ount v, awl tlx* Sl«t*. Each i* im
 urjiuitl) rrediietl (or money received.
 ff~ Any person -ending in tlx* payment for foui
 «*],*rrilx&gt;fx, to lx* for wanted to one" address, may
 liave a filth copy for one year.
 All letter'! an&lt;i communication* mnst lx- |x*-i
 paid.
 EISI of agents.
 M »ss %c iil'sktt'-. —U. F. WaW-uti. 21, Coruliili,
 Ho-ton Nathan Johnson, New Bodloril; Horatio
 Foxier, laiwell; Janies N. Btiffum, Lynn; &lt;.e..r*e
 Evans, \Vor center Ronnie Spooner, I Ivmontli;
 Charles H. Setli, Springfield|; David Kii«xs.
 Northampton; li. Carpenter, I pton.
 Kaih. —Oliver Itennett, Portland.
 Vr.RßOUT.—Rowland T. Ilobiiwou, North fer
 fl CoxiecTiceT.— Jonathan Leonard, New Haven
 r vv HAvrsiiißK. —Wean* Fappan, Bradford.
 \i w Vork.— Sydney H. Ga\, 142, Nansan
 Street; James VfcCiuie Smith, 93, West Broadway;
 jo-epl/ Post, WeMlmry, Qneen County Mary Har
 (er. Albanv; Elia- l)otv, Macedon; Willett* Keese,
 Hem, Clinton Count v; William S. Baltimore, Troy;
 J. K. Platt, Penn Xau; J. Jeffrey, Geneva; E. L.
 Platt, Bath.
 Knout Ist.am&gt;.—Amaraiicy Paine, Providence.
 Ffsnsyltasia.—J. M. M’Kim.3l, North Fifth
 Street. Philadelphia; G. W. Goines, s, Exchange
 Place, Ditto; B. Bown,PiUslHiri{li; Win. Wliipper,
 Columbia; Isaac Robert*, Jacob L. Pa von, Not tin
 town, Montgomery County, Milo A. Town-end,
 New Brighton.
 Ohio. —Christian Doualdeon, Cincinnati; Wat
 s in and Gaines, Ditto; Valentine Nicholson, ILtr
 vev-lNirgli, Warren Co.; Samuel Brooke, Salem.
 Michioa*.—floliert Batiks, Detroit.
 Indiana. —Joel P. Davis, Economy, Wayne Cn
 HERNS’ ANNIVERSARY FESTIVAL.
 This annual gathering of the sons
 anti daughters of Old Scotia in this city
 and land of their adoption, took place
 on the evening of Thursday, the 2oth
 lust. There was, for the occasion, a
 numerous assemblage—not much under
 three hundred —perhaps two-thirds of
 them from the land of Burns; Ihe re
 mainder friends and sympathisers.’ It
 was interesting to have an opportunity
 of seeing and conversing with so many
 who had visited the ground made classic
 hy the pen of the poet, and who had
 been reared amid ihe scenes which he
 lias described with such inimitable pow
 er and pathos. 1 could almost have be
 lieved, when 1 heard the Scotch voices,
 and saw the Scotch faces, and listened
 to the wild notes of the pibroch, which
 was played at intervals during the eve
 ning, that 1 was in the auld toon of
 Ayr” itself, within a short distance of
 the hirth-place of the poet, and Ihe
 scenes of the disasters of his immortal
 hero, in Alloa kirkyard. The associa
 tion recalled to my mind many a bar
 ren crag and leafy rivulet, in that brave
 old country. Memory was busily at
 work conjuring up pictures of early
 days, and the almost-forgotten events
 of long-past years. As l wandered,
 mentally, among many a ruin old and
 hoary,” and saw the familiar faces of
 dear friends, some of whom are separ
 ated front me by distance, some by
 death, it would have been strange in
 deed had 1 not felt slightly disposed to
 philosophise on tlw vanity and changea
 hleness of all things earthly. This is
 one—perhaps the principal advantage
 of such social gatherings. It serves to
 strengthen the links that hind friend to
 friend—man to man—country to coun
 try. It serves to refresh and water the
 green spots on memory’s waste, which
 are apt, amid the business and hurry of
 this working world, to he lost sight of,
 if not forgotten.
 My present object, however, is not to
 moralise, hut to eke out some account
 of this anniversary festival. The Pre
 sident for the evening (Mr. Russell
 took the chair ut eight o’clock, and
 commenced the proceedings of ihe eve
 ning with a speech, of which ihe fol
 lowing is the substance:
 Friends and Fcli.ow-Scotchmen:
 This is our second social meeting.—
 fiie object of calling our former one,
 was then briefly explained. We have
 now the same general object in view
 ihe promotion of social feeling, brother
 ly love, and innocent amusement. We
 hope that this, like the former one, will
 he a scene of happy enjoyment—a
 *cene io he looked back to and remem
 bered as one of pleasant emotion, a
 green spot in the desert of memory’s
 waste.
 I his meeting has been called on the
 eve ol Burn’s anniversary, to show our
 inspect to the memory of one who has
 done to much, by l us WO rks, to elevate
 co| l&amp;nd in their own
 d 'h" -ximalion "f the
 *orM. Sack meniug, lld w&gt;rm
 „ur 50C..1 feeling., 'l 1,., roust
 be cold indeed .h« doe. no, |WBd
 nod dilate with the loduence a i
 »oul-*.mng niu.ie and the bnglu and
 happy face, around u.. We cofne here
 to-night with our heart, free from t|„.
 cares and troubles of the world. deu* r
 mined, for one night at le U! to b J
 happy; and when we look upon this
 meeting in after years, may it he with
 pleasure and with profit, inasmuch as it
 tend* to make us love our fellow-men
 mure and ourselves no less.
 Such meetings ar« needed in a phy-
 of view Our mothers, our
 •usteia, and our wives, are too much
THE NORTH STAR.
i confined to their home*, and tbeii
 iniruin too much racked with the con
 Ktaut and unceasing watchfulness re
 quired in attending to their domestic
 affairs. I say, and it muit be evideo
 to ns all that such meetings are needet
 1 more than we do have them. We art
 aware that our lieallh depends a greal
 deal upon the state of our tninds.—
 Should it not admonish ns, then, as tl»e
 warning of a kind parent,' to keep out
 minds buoyant and happy, and on ull
 fitting occasions to meet together in so
 -1 cial compact.
 After a short interval, during which
 several songs were sung, and an amus
 ing Scotch piece, purporting to he a di
 alogue between man and write, on the
 propriety of signing the tee-total
 pledge, was recited by Mr. McTTn.-
 f i.i.vms—the Chairman called upon Mr.
 I Si dev w ho spoke as follow s:
 Mr. Chairman anj&gt; Friesds:
 This being a social party, we are
 all expected to contribute our share to
 the amusements of the evening. For
 that reason, with your consent, I will
 make a lew rermfrks. This recalls to
 mind the joys which we had in our na
 tive land—joys which we neither can
 nor will forget; and he who loves not
 the home of his childhood, that land
 which contains the ashes of| his
 sires, is a being whose presence any
 land can spare. If it looks to its own
 honor and weal, such a one, the poet
 has well said, shall die
 t'mvepl, unlionoieJ amt uusung.”
 .All of us who are here, met to spend
 a night in Scotish style' in the land of
 our adoption, can look back with pride
 to that land whose earliest records
 give ns to know that she alonejof na
 tions drove back the troops of the
 mighty Caesars; and whose every hill
 and glen bears record of where a mar
 tyr fell and patriot died in defence of
 freedom and fatherland. In this our
 own time, we can look back to a Watt
 in Science—a Hume and Macauley in
 History—a Burns in Poetry. All of
 her history teems with truths which
 make her children feel proud of such a
 native land; and likewise to know that
 she had some of her sons here when
 freedom’s foes were strong in their
 attempts to crush the liberty which
 Washington so gloriously achieved.—
 May we never cause Scotland to blush
 lor her offspring in other lands. May
 we always be found in the van of that
 march of progress that leaves destroyed
 in its rear institutions and customs!
 which are a disgrace to the age; and j
 may you always be amongst the firwf to!
 remove all that degrades our race, or
 supports a class by practicing an injus
 tice on the many; and may you like
 wise show that the poet spoke truth
 when lie speaks of home and of birth- 1
 place—
 That though bleak and barren be tlw* lonely spot,'
 Its charms can never, never l&gt;e forgot;”
 and when memory leads you back to
 the haunts of your childhood, may the
 virtues you saw practiced in the puirj
 man’s hame,” make you feel as Burns
 sung—-
 Time but the impression deeper make*,
 As streams tl*eir channels deeper wear.**
 Ninety years since to-day, Scotland
 received that child, stamped not with
 titles or earthly grandeur; but with;
 nature’s mark of genius, he was inis
 forttie's child and Scotland's glory—
 nature’s poet and freedom’s poet—a
 man whose greatest joy was in the tri-j
 umph of right, wherever .asserted. The'
 powerful tyrants of a class government
 lie despised, although at that time his
 country’s rulers. He could sing the
 glories of America and the French j
 patriots, even while those glories were 1
 reaped at the expense of Britain.
 And why? Because he wished to see
 that principle triumph which says—
 I'rimes and lords are bm Hie hreulliof king*;
 An honest man V I lie noble.-,! work of &lt;*od.”
 for such (iodlike conduct, lie was told
 Ins part was to work, not to think. But
 did he submit? No; he fulfilled his
 Creator’s plan, that was to set the
 world a thinking, and mirth a laughing
 at the baby titles with which born kings
 decorated the lug, but soulless men oi
 his time. lien these titles and men
 are at rest in their kiudred clay, Burns’
 memory shnii he green; and while in
 dependence, poetry and benevolence
 are revered, his memory will lie not less
 so. As long as there is oppression,the!
 oppressed will find in him their defence;
 anti long-faced cant, dressed either as
 the heavenly chosen or wordly wise,
 will find soch a truth in his poetry us I
 will make them cry, Avaunt—thou art
 Satan; and while the slave wears the
 mark of bondage, the songs of Barns]
 will make strong his hope. Where Ye
 freedom finds a home, her praises will]
 be sung with his songs—her brightest
 robes be independence such as his her
 first and proudest words—
 “A man’* a man fur all that,”
 Burns was a friend to universal 1
 brotherhood, an elevator of his race.
 He cherished a love for his kind and 1
 for freedom, that only found limits
 (there these had no existence. f n him!
 we see the victim of the oppressor and
 the earthly god Mammon. They de
 stroyed the mao, but could not crush
 [he spirit which wished and prayed that
 [he time would come
 ‘-Whru man to wait dte world o'ti
 Would brother* be, and a' that.”
 Let us be like him—in adversity never
 o think of yielding, but the greater the*
 pressure the greater the strength; and!
 while fortune is kind, like him let us
 always have a heart to feel and a hand
 to help the unfortunate.
 lie fore leaving his memory, let us.
 cherish with it the memory of Ameri
 ca poets who wreathed around his
 throws u wreath of poetry will
 never fade. So with the words of Hal*
 h’ck, i arm j #tv e j,j m where his fame
 lies not—
 *1
RK7HT IS OF NO SKX—TRFTH 18 OF NO OILOR-OOD IS THE FATHER OF t!S -ALL, AND ALL*#l5 ARE BRETHREN.
 t fc&lt;f i L m'J ***2 Wl i
“And Bum*. thoufJ* bt'.ef iW race h* tan,
 IlMMifti riMtgli ami &lt;ferk the |»tli he trod,
 'I livnt, died, w*".*
 lire image of hie Imml.
 Bv Adam Elder. Mu. President
 j I consider this social -gathering as emi
 ucntly suggestive of tlKMight of tbt
 land of our birth, and that of our adop
 tion suggestive J&gt;oinls of contra*
 and of agreeuient, a glance at whicl
 may not be inappropriate to this occa
 sion.
 Our island home, as she rest* like i
 wearied dove upon the expanse of wa
 ters, presents in territorial extent noth*
 ing by which she may become an arbi
 trator among the nation*, or entice tc
 her fields the combatants of the world;
 though in diversity and grandeur ol
 i scenery she yields to none, incapacity
 to charm and captivate the hearts of hei
 sons; nor in the history of martial
 prowess, since war received its first im
 pulse from the murderous hand ol
 Cain, till the complete development ol
 its enginery under the conduct of Na
 poleon, have the frequent wars of our
 country much affected the conduct and
 destiny of nations; nor in the marts
 of the business u’orld, have her useful
 and valuable fabrics, and the extent ol
 her commercial transactions, entitled
 her to the position of a firstpporerw r er in
 establishing and maintaining the com
 mercial equipoise, or dictating restrict
 ive measures to estrange mankind; but
 like many of the choicest enjoyments,
 the unfolding of her best treasure was
 deferred until the belligerents in war
 and its concomitants hud proclaimed a
 truer, and (he persuasive voice of
 home, and school, and religion, and the
 application of these to the practical
 affairs of life in one short century, has
 placed our country in the foreground of
 nations, and Scotland has become a
 formidable competitor in the discovery
 and elucidation of principles which are
 gradually but effecti» r ely reconstructing
 societ/Apfietigion and governments of
 the wrer|d;.demonstrative evidence of
 whicl is afforded in the gradual fusion
 of tta-jliversified character and pecu
 liar itjfeSLCformerly conflicting peoples,
 rearing J&amp;refrom, as by magic, the
 present American nation, our adopted
 home—grander in extent, more potent
 in power, but dependent alike with the
 humblest community upon the same
 fixed rules of action To us, then,
 wherever we may go, the discipline of
 our Scottish homes, and the examples
 of our countrymen, are an invaluable
 behest, the application of which, ia our
 American homes, from congeniality,
 will ensure eminence and respecta
 bility.
 Frederick Douglass, who was
 present as an invited guest, being called
 upon by a number of voices, rose and
 said—
 Mr. Chairman: I regard it as a
 pleasure, not less than a privilege, to
 mingle iny humble voice with the fes
 tivities of this occasion. Although I
 am not a Scotchman, nor the son of a
 Scotchman, (perhaps you will say “it
 needs no ghost to tell us that,”) [a!
 laugh,l hut if a warm love of Scotch
 character a high appreciation of
 Scotch genius—constitute any of the
 qualities of a true Scotch heart, then
 indeed does a Scotch heart throb be- j
 neath these ribs. From my earliest
 acquaintance with Scotland, I have
 held that country in the highest admira
 tion. As I travelled through that land
 two years since, and became acquainted
 with its people, and realized their
 warmth of heart, steadiness of purpose,
 and learned that every stream, hill,
 glen and valley, had been rendered
 classic by heroic deeds in behalf of
 Freedom, that admiration was increas- 1
 ed. That you may know that I have
 some appreciation of the genius of the
 hard whose birth-day von have met to
 celebrate, I went a pilgrimage to see j
 the cottage in which he was born; and:
 had the pleasure of seeing and con- t
 versing with a sitter of the noble poet to
 whose memory we have met to do honor.
 I can truly say that it was one of the 1
 most gratifying visits I made during my
 stay in Scotland. I saw, or thought f
 saw, some lingering sparks in the eyes
 of this sister, that called to mind the
 fire that ever warmed the bosom of
 Burns. But, ladies and gentlemen,
 this is not a time for long speeches, i j
 do nor wish to detain you from the so
 cial pleasures that await you. I repeat i
 again, that though lam not a Scotch-j
 man, and have a colored akin, I am;
 proud to be among you this evening.—
 And if any think me out of my place on
 this occasion [pointing at the picture of
 Burns,] I beg that tbe blame may be
 laid at the door of him who taught mel
 that “a roan’s a man for a’ that.” [Mr.
 D. sat down amid loud cries of “goi
 on!” from the audience.]
 Mr. Demotes, the Scottish vocalist, j
 very opportunely happened to be in the
 city on this evening, and as became aj
 true Scotchman and admirer o.* the,
 Scotch poet, hastened to lend the aid of j
 his eloquent voice to add to the interest.
 of the occasion. His "Highland Mary”|
 brought the -sympathizing tear to the
 eyes of more than one of his delighted I
 listeners; and that song ol Burns'
 w hich is, and will always be, tbe ad
 miration of all men—“A man's a man'
 for a’ that,” brought of ap-t
 plause from tbe audience. It was after
 tbe singing of this song, that tbe call fort
 Douglass, Douglass,” arose, and that,
 man for a’ that,” got upon the plat-j
 form, and delivered a short speech, of
 sketch will be found above.—
 Several other gentlemen, end one lady,
 whose names I did not catch, also vot-j
 unteered songs. They were ell good; 1
 but the song by M My—■“ Let us
 baste to Kefria Grov«." was a pecu
 liarly successful effort. The "feast of
 reason,was of course the principal
 part of tbe entertainment; but Mr.'
 Serpell, an English confectioner,* who
ROCHESTER, N. Y, FRIDAY. FEBRUARY 2. 1849.
has taken up hia residence in this city
 to administer to tlie gastronomic*
 wants of his Amencaa cousins, tool
 good care that another kind of lea si
 i should not be wanting. May his shadow
 never be less. The evening passed oti
 pleasantly to all parties. The absence
 j of any beverage stronger than tea anti
 coffee, prevented the occurrence of aav
 of those scenes that are the bane and
 the disgrace of social gatherings, in
 but too many instances, in the land ol
 Burns, much more so former than
 now—though in that respect there is
 •till room for improvement. The as
 semblage broke up at an early hour,
 taking with them food for pleasarable
 reflection, and the anticipation of a fu
 ture recurrence of Burns' Anniversary.
 J d.
 S ct ct lions.
 SPEECH OF Mil. J, R. GIDDIXGS
 On the bill to pay the hut* vf Antonio Pachrfo
 for v slave sent tocst of the Mississippi mtk
 the .Seminole Indians in IH3S.
 Mr. (jhidings said he had not intended
 to participate debate; hut, from
 the favor with which the bill had been
 regarded in Committee, and the major
 ity in favor of its engrossment, he ap
 prehended that gentlemen had not care
 fully examined the facts of the Case,
 ncr did he think they had fulljflcotisidi
 ered the principles involved in the pap
 sage of the bill. There are tsaid he)
 certain great and
 which lie at the foundation of mir gH*
 eminent. We profess to hold these
 truths to he self-evident, that all men
 are created equal;” yet the bill before
 us admits one man to be the property ol
 another; that one man may rightfully
 hold another subject to his will, may
 scourge him into obedience, and com
 pel him to labor for the benefit of his
 master. We profess to believe that all
 men “are endowed by their Creator
 with the unalienable right to the enjoy
 ment of life, liberty and the pursuit of
 happiness;” yet the hill before us ad
 mits the claimant to have rightfully
 held the liberty and happiness of his
 dMow-man at his entire disposal. Now
 if we pass this bill, our professions will
 be in direct contradiction to our prac
 tice. If we really hold to these doc
 trines, it is certain that we must oppose
 this bill; and it is equally certain that
 if we pass this bill, we shall, by such
 act, deny these truths. We each of
 us deny these doctrines, or we hold to
 them. We cannot do both. say
 that we hold to them, and at the same
 time support this bill, would he placing
 our professions in direct contradiction
 to our actions. The inconsistency
 would be too obvious to deceive any
 one. Tell me not that you hold to the
 undying truths contained in the Declar
 ation of Independence, and at the same
 time sit here to estimate the value, in
 dollars and cents, of the body and mind
 of your fellow-man. Those who found
 ed our government declared their ulte
 rior object. That object was, to “se
 cure all men (residing within our juris
 diction) in the enjoyment of life, liberty
 and the pursuit of hpppiness.” Are
 we to-day (said he) carrying out these
 objects? Here, sir, are two hundred
 and thirty American statesmen legislat
 ing for the benefit of slavery. There
 is no evading this plain and obvious
 fact. No subterfuge can hide it from
 the people. The powers of Govern
 ment were instituted by our patriotic
 fathers fop the express purpose of se-&lt;
 curing to all for whom we legislate the
 blessings of liberty. We are now sit-,
 ting here to compensate the oppressor
 oi his fellow-man for his inability to
 continue his power over the victim of
 his barbarous cupidity. The members
 who vote for this hill will give unmis
 takable evidence of their approbation
 of slavery, and their willinsness to sus
 tain it.
 Before i proceed farther, I will give
 a synopsis of the facts involved in the
 case. The claimant, in 183 d, residing
 in Florida, professed to o«u a uegro
 man named Lewis. Tlijs man U said
 to have been very intelligent, speaking
 four languages, which he read and
 wrote with facility. The mastbr hired
 him to an officer of the United .States,
 to act as a guide lo the troops under
 command of Major Dade, for which he
 was to receive twenty-five dollars per
 month. The duties were dangerous,
 and the price was proportioned to the
 danger. At the time these troops were
 massacred, this slave Lewis deserted to
 the enemy, or was captured by them,—
 He remained with the Indians, acting
 with them in their depredations against
 the white people, until 1837, when,
 Gen. Jessup says, he was captured by
 a detachment of troops under his com-,
 mam:. An Indian chief, named Jumper,
 surrendered with Lewis, whom he
 claimed as having, at he said,
 captured him at the tune ot Dade's de
 feat. Jessup declares that he re
 garded him os a dangerous man; that
 he was supposed to have kept up a cor
 respondence feftb the enemy horn the
 time he joined Major Dade until the de
 feat of that that, to insure the
 public safety, he ordered him sent west
 with the Indians; believiag that if left
 in the country, he would be employed
 against out ttoopa. He was sent west,
 and the claimant now neks that we
 should pay him fiIOOO as the value of
 this man’s body.
 The Committee on Jfmtary Affairs
 were unable lo unite in a report upon
 the case. Five slaveholder*, repro*
 tenting ehrepr&amp;petty Joy,
 constitnting a of the commit
 tee, have reported 0 biH for the pay-,
 meat of this amount to the claims*!.—.
 Four Northern men, representing ftfe
 nten only, have made a minority report
 against the bill. The report, as* 1
think, is sustained by irre futable argu-
 I, utent*.
 The majority of the committee as
 sume the position that slaves are re
 garded by the Federal Constitution as
 property, and that this Government and
 the people of the free States are bound
 to regard them as property, and to pay
 i for them as we would so many mules or
 li oxen taken into the public service.—
 j The minority deny this doctrine. They
 insist that the Federal Constitution
 [treats them as persous only, and that
 this Government cannot constitutionally
 involve the people of the free States In
 the guilt of sustaining slavery; that we
 i bsve no constitutional powers to legis
 late upon the relation of master and
 slave. There are several oth?r points
 on which the committee differ, some of
 l which I intend to notice; but I propose
 first to examine for a few momenta that
 of the constitutional power. It is due
 to myself and the country that I should
 call public attention distinctly to the
 fact, that these questions are forced
 upon us by Southern gentleinen,against
 the wishes and remonstrance of ever)*
 member of the committee from the free
 i States. Involving as it does the great
 fundamental principle of our Govern
 ment, a distinguished member from the
 North (Mr. Rockwell, of Connecticut i
 introduced a resolution to close the de
 i batq jn one hour from the tune we went
 I iAto committee. I thought it unbecom
 ing Northern members to attempt thu9
 Hutiffeidebate on so important a matter
 BIWBLd upon us by the South. I there-
 PWwcalled for the ayes and nays on
 |that resolution; and nuw bold the floor
 by* a sort of legislative fraud, having
 voted for the engrossment of the bill,
 with the sole object of obtaining the
 fl 00 1- i.tu-.r
 Sir, at the formation ot the Constitu
 tion, slavery was condemed in the se
 verest language by the delegates who
 framed that instrument. It is true that
 they had been regarded -in England as
 property. In 1749, Lord Hardwicke
 had decided that trover lay for a slave
 in the British courts. That was the
 last decision of the kind made in Eng
 land, or in civilized Europe. One hun
 dred years has elapsed since that de
 cision. Its doctrines have been a
 thousand times discarded, contemned,
 and overthrown by the statesmen and
 jurists of that nation; but here, in an
 American Congress, we now hear this
 barbarous doctrine revived.
 In the year 1772, Lord Mansfield
 boldly assailed the obsolete doctrine
 i laid down in this Hall to-day, and ex
 j hibited its absurdity in one of the ablest
 opinions to be found on record. From
 that period this doctrine of property in
 man has found no supporters under the
 Government of England. With all our
 refinement as a nation, with all our
 boasted adherence to liberty, on this
 subject we are three-quarters of a cen
 tury behind our mother country.
 When Sir Warren Hastings was on
 trial in the House of Peers, in 1787,
 Mr. Sheridan, speaking on this subject,,
 iu his own peculiar and fervid elo
 quence, declared that allegiance to
 that Power which gives us the forms of
 men, commands us to maintain the
 rights of men; and never yet was this
 truth dismissed from the human heart—
 never in any time, in any—never in anv I
 clime where rude man ever had any I
 social feeling—never was this unextin- j
 guishahle truth destroyed from the heart
 of man, placed as it is in the centre;
 and core of it by his maker, that man
 was not made the property of man.'’— t
 Thus was the language of British
 statesmen sixty-two veers since. To
 day we have before this branch of the i
 American Congress the report of a j
 committee avowing that, under this
 Federal Government, in the middle oi J
 the 19th century, man is the projierty of*
 his fellow-man.
 These sentiments of the British
 statesmen and jurists inspired the hearts j
 of our American patriots in 1786, wbenj
 they declared it to be a self-evident
 truth that all men are created equal.”|
 When they framed our Constitution,!
 they declared their object was “to!
 establish justice, arid to secure to them-'
 selves ami their posterity the bless
 ings of liberty.” This siihject of hold
 ing property in men did not escape their:
 attention, nor have they left us ignorant j
 of their views in regard to it. Mr.
 Madison, the father of the Constitution,;
 has left to us a clear and explicit ac
 count of their intentions. He informs
 us that on
 Wednesday, August *22, the Con
 vention proceeded to consider the re
 port qf the Committee of Detail, in re
 lation to duties on exports, a capitation
 tax, and a navigation act. The fourth
 section reported was as follows:
 No tax or duty shall be laid by tbe
 Legislature on articles exported from
 any £tate, nor on the migration nor im
 portation of such personx as the several
 States shall think proper to admit; nor
 shall suck migration or importation be
 prohibited.*
 Mr. Gerry thought we had nothing
 to do with the conduct of the States as
 to slavery, bat we ought to be careful
 not to give any aaactioa.”
 Our people think, witk Mr. Gerry,
 that »e have nothing to do with sla
 very in the States.” We are deter
 mined, that we will not be involved n it*
 guilt. With Mr. Gerry, we intend* *to
 be fateful to give it no sanction.*
 sir; we‘will not sanction your slavery
 by paring our money for tbe bodies o 4
 slaves. This is the doctrine which we
 bold,and which we expoet to maintain;
 yet the me where of this body annow
 engaged in legi4ahag upon the price oi
 human flesh. If we pans this haM, wa
 shall give ear meet solemn sanction to
 that instiiuuoti which Gerrty and bis
 compatriots detested. Will the mem
 bers from Pennsylvania, the sorceeeon
 of Fraiikßn and Wilson, lend their
sanction to slavery, by voting the toon
 ey of the people to pay for states? m
 But Mr. Madison tells us that Mr
 Sherman (of Connecticut) was oppodld
 to any tax on slaves, as melting the
 matter worse, because it implied that
 they were property.”
 I understand that some gentlemen
 from the North admit that slaves are
 property. Mr. Sherman and the frameri
 of the Constitution would do no act by
 which it could be implied that they were
 property.
 Mr. Madison also participated in the
 discussion himself; and, as he informs
 us. declared that he thought it wrong
 to admit that there could be property in
 men.” And the report was so amend
 ed as to exclude that idea.
 In that assemblage of illustrious
 statesmen, no man expressed his dissent
 from these doctrines of Gerry, of Sher
 man, and of Madison. These doctrines
 are: 1. That we should have nothing
 to do with slavery, but ought to be
 careful not to give it any sanction/'—
 2. That “we should do no act by which
 it can be implied that there can be pro
 perty in man.” 3 That it would be
 wrong tor us to admit that there can be
 property in men. Such were the
 views of those who framed the Consti
 tution. They intended to express their
 views in such language as to be under
 stood. Will this House stand by them
 The gentleman from South Carolina
 (Mr. Burt) declared that he would leave
 us no roqm to escape this issue—no
 loophole at which to get out; that we
 must say by our votes either that there
 is property in men under the Federal
 Constitution, or there is not. I am
 most happy to meet the gentleman on
 that point, and am prepared to submit
 the question to those who framed that
 instrument—to Mr. Madison. His de
 cision is left on record. The only
 question is: Have the Representatives
 of the people here the firmness and the
 independence to maintain the Constitu
 tion? There stands the record of their
 intentions. “He who runs may read”
 No man can fail to understand the in
 tentions of those who framed our
 political compact. Those intentions
 constitute the very spirit of the Con-'
 stitution, which we are sworn to support.:
 a i.v, people of the free States are aware:
 of the objects and intentions of those
 patriots. They know their rights under'
 the Constitution that they hold the
 indisputable right to be free and entirely
 exempt from the corroding stain of
 slavery. So perfectly were these prin
 ciples understood in,the early days of
 the Republic, that after the war of the
 Revolution no man asked pay for his
 slaves that were taken from him or
 killed in the public service, during the
 Revolution. In 1830, the Register of
 the Treasury declared that no instance
 of the payment for slaves during the
 Revolution was to be found on record.
 No, sir; Madison and Jefferson, and
 their cotemporaries, were then living.
 They well understood the principles on
 which the Union had been formed.
 They respected the rights of the free
 as well as of the slave States, and no
 man then attempted to involve the peo
 ple of the North in the support of
 slavery. I believe the first attempt to
 make this Government pay for slaves
 was in 1816. This was twenty-seven
 years after the adoption of the Consti
 tution, and tbrty-two years after thej
 declaration of American independence. 1
 It is an important historical fact, that
 shows clearly the opinions then enter
 tained on this subject.
 After the close of the lale war with
 England, a biil was pending in this
 House, providing for tho payment of
 property lost or destroyed during that;
 war. When the section providing forj
 the payment of horses, carts, &amp;c.,,
 impressed into public service and des-i
 troyed, caine up Mr. Maryant, from S.
 Carolina, moved to amend the bill so!
 as to embrace slaves. The motion was 1
 opposed by Mr. Yancy and Mr. Robert-
 son, and was negatived by a large ma-,
 jority. (See National Intelligencer,
 December 28, 1816.) This was a
 motion so to amend this bill as to pay j
 for slaves if killed in the public service,
 when they had been impressed. I have
 heard Northern members express the
 opinion, pending this bill, that we
 ought to pay for slaves, if lost, when
 they were impressed into the service.
 Sir, such was not the caae thirty-five
 years since. Our predecessors then
 spurned the proposition. Whore now
 is the feeling, the spirit, which animated
 them? We have no record of the
 speeches, but every member will see j
 that the case proposed wee the strong
 est case that could be imagined. It I
 was where a stave was taken agaioet
 the wiU of the master, and pressed
 into the service, and killed by the
 enemy. Yet they rejected the pro
 position by a )arge majority. The
 claim before us is of incomparably Icm
 force. Here the master hired the slave,
 at a high price, to go with the troops as
 a guide, and of course took npon him
 self all risks.
 The neat cate was that to D’Aoterive.
 He had etahne again** the United
 Skates for wood and other neceaeariee
 famished the army, and for the lorn of
 time and the expense of nursing a
 stave who was wounded in the service
 of Government at New Orleans. This
 case is mere inleremiag from the tact,
 that there was at that time an attempt,
 anon the present eeeasion, to break
 down that well-known principle an oar
 Coortitntioa, that slaves are persons,
 and net property.”
 The Comanlleo on Claims at that
 tune (1898) was comeossd of taur
 Northern and three Southern amo. At
 its kng|l
 111 BuilUniDtv
 man, [Lewis Willow*, of North
 Carolina,] who served hie eoantnj
 SSrSRSwBfE
JOHN DICK.
WHOLE NO. 58
(quarter of a century he vu a dis
 tinguished member of this House.
 There are fear, very few, now present,
 that had the pleasure of serving with
 him but can attest
 to his great abilities and deserved in
 fluence. That committee reported in
 favor of allowing compensation for the
 articles furnished to the army, but
 said, expressly, that slaves not being
 i property* they could not allow the
 master any compensation for his. loss.”
 This was the unanimous repost—Mr.
 Williams of North Carolina, Mr. Mc-
 Coy of Virginia, ami Mr. Owen of
 Alabama, uniting in the report. Mr.
 W illlams had been contemporaneous
 with Madison and Jefferson, and be
 did not hesitate to avow the doctrines
 of the Constitution, and tti maintain
 them. Here is the record of hts opin
 ion and of the views of his associates
 When the bill came up in Committee
 of the Whole, certain Southern gentle
 men suddenly became excited, worked
 themselves into a passion, threatened s
 dissolution of the Union, and all that
 sort of thing. In short, they manifested
 that spirit of dictation and intimidation
 which we have so often witnessed on
 more recent occasions. They made a
 strenuous effort to reverse the decisiou
 of the Committee on Claims; but after
 j some two weeks' discussion, gave it up,
 laid the subject on the table, and there
 the matter ended.
 This discussion was thirty-nine years
 subsequent to the adoption of the
 Constitution, and more than fifty from
 i the Declaration of Independence. The
 principle that slaves were persons, and
 not property, waa reaffirmed, upon full
 discussion, without the light which wa
 possess on the subject. The Madison
 Papers were not then published. The
 views of Gerry and Sherman and Madi
 son, in the Convention, and the action
 of that body in relation to this matter,
 tyere unknown to them. Should we
 now reverse that decision, and overturn
 the practice, we shall sin against great
 er fight than they possessed.
 The next and only remaining instance
 in which the question of appropriating
 the treasure of the nation to pay for
 slaves was in ISIS. “A bill for the
 relief of the people of West Florida,”
 intended to provide for the payment of
 slaves taken by the army of General
 Jackson from the inhabitants of that
 Territory, in 1814, came up for discus
 sion. The slaves had been taken,
 against the consent of their owners, by
 the military power of the nation. 1
 think there were about ninety, taken
 from different individuals. The pro
 position was distinct in its character.
 The object of the bill was to pay for
 human flesh. I myself opened the
 debate, and stated, as the principal
 grounds of my opposition to it, that
 slaves were not regarded as property
 under the Federal Constitution. My
 venerable and lamented friend, now no
 more, (John Quincy Adams,) suslauurd
 my positions. Several Southern gcu-gg
 tlemen spoke in favor of the bill. The™
 Journal is now before me, and shows
 the bill to have been rejected, by a
 vote of one hundred and ihirteon to
 thirty-six. This was done by a Whig
 Congress. Not one of that party from
 the free States voted for the bill.
 I have now given a history of our
 legislation on this subject. There was
 a bill passed this body, “sub silent io,”
 on one of days when there is, by
 the rules of the House, uo discission,
 by which payment was made for ala yes
 My friend from Pc niutflvunia (Mr.
 Dickeyj has stated the facta in regard
 to it. I knew that such a bill was pend
 ing, and so did Mr. Adam&gt;; and hc
 had mutually agreed to oppijse* its
 passage; but it slipped through un
 noticed, and, therefore, constitutes no
 precedent.
 In 1843, a bill passed this bldy to
 pay over moneys obtained by the Gov
 ernment from Great Britain, and held
 in trust by us, tu be paid to the ifuners
 st slaves lost on board the Comet
 and Encomium.” This bill also lathed
 the Senate, and became a law. At the
 last session we passed two bills to pay
 over moneys held in trust for thi* vume
 purpose. These cases were not io
 Lake the treasure of the people ut the
 free States to pay for slaves, hut to pay
 over moneys that did not belong to us,
 but which we held for the use of those
 who claimed it. But from the daw noi
 the Revolution to this day, being more
 than seventy yean, this House has ex-
 preseed but one opinion on thie subject
 They have at all times refused to tax
 the people of the North to p*y for the
 slaves of the South. We hare trover
 regarded them as property. But au
 attempt is now making to change the
 essential elements of our Goveroi -nt
 Statesmen, mow in the high counci l of
 the nation, deny that all men are
 created emal;” that “they are en
 dowed by their Creator with the tin
 alienable right to their live* and their
 lihertws;” or, that Governments sre
 instituted among men to secure the
 enjoyment of those rights.” It is nou
 urged that this Corernment was institu
 ted for the purpose of robbing men of
 those rights; of disrobing a portion of
 our race of tbair humanity, and re
 ducing them to the state of brutes, and
 making them the property of others.
 Will Northern members assist to com
 mit this outrage open the honor of tha
 nation and constitutional rights oj the
 Northern States? Is there a member
 from the free States oho will tote to
 tax to poy for trtborn
 Xos? If na* Jot thorn place thoir
 xr on record in favor of tbm bill,
 and let that eseoH descend to coming
 generations, as a lasttaf memento of
 the principle# which guide them.
 I have now referred to tha hitfory of
 artHMrfrwMi immrtM bject The
 mealed upon my friend feom New
 Cfroftaus 4 m Fmrtk
