No tiers.
Pivtacket AltMtonrr Fair.
 The Anti-Slarenr women of Piwtackel
 will hold their Thirteenth Annual Fait, ai
 the Hall of Pawtucket Hotel, commencing
 Wednesday, Feb. 7th, at 2 o’clock P. M.,
 and will continue through that and the follow
 ing afternoon and evening.
 The invitation goea forth to all—Come, aid
 wa in giving liberty to the captive, and opening
 the prison doors to them that are bound.
 Rebekah Mitchell Maria Dealer,
 Mary Pack, Rath Bmm,
 Elizabeth Shove, Sanan Shove.
 Avis Simon, I. J. Adama,
 Esther Read, Susan Siaaon.
 Pswrrcarr, let mo. 27th, 1849.
 Anti-Slavery Meetings.
 Frederick Douoi.aas and Jons S. Jacobi
 will hold Anti-Slavery meetings in the fol
 lowing places
 Henrietta, Monday evening, Feb. 12
 M codon. Tuesday 13
 Rnah, Wednesday, 14
 Avon, Thursday, 15
 Uma, Friday, i«
 W. Bloomfield Saturday 17
 Canandaigua Sunday 18
 Ruahville Monday 19
 Peon Yan Tueaday „20
 Prattshurg, Wednesday 21
 Hath, Thu red. A Frid. 22 A 33
 ID' This is intended as the roramenee
 ment of a series of meetings to be held ii
 this State. Our friends in the several placet
 above-mentioned, will confer a favoi on us
 and we hope aid the cause of the slave, bi
 securing suitable places for the meetings, am
 giving extensive notice of the same.
 John S. Jacobs, of Massachusetts, aFugi
 live Slave, will hold meetings as follows:
 Ontario, Monday, Jan. 2»th, at 7 P. ft!
 Webster, Tuesday, 30th,
 Penfield, Thursday, Feb. Ist,
 Egypt, Friday, 2d,
 Fairport, Sunday, 4th,
 The friends of the slave in each place an
 requested to provide a place and give extendei
 notice of the meetings, that all may hear on
 who can tell ably, from personal experience
 what American slavery is.
 American Slavery.
 The Fifth of a Series of lectures on this
 .subject will be delivered by Frederick Dou
 01.ASS, in Mineiva Hall, on Sunday evening
 next, Jan. 27, commencing at 7 o’clock.
 Western New York Anti-Slavery Society
 The Executive Committee will meet oi
 Tuesday evening next, Feb. 6, at the Anti
 Slavery Office, 25, Buffalo Street.
 Attendance is requested at half past f
 o’clock precisely.
 W. C. NELL, Ree. Sec
 From ilk- Northern Star and Colored Farmer.
 Essex County, t
 Town of Keane, -s
 I, Elijah B. Jones, being duly sworn, dc
 depose and say that 1 have been employed
 by Wait J. Lewis, whilst the weather would
 l* rmit, since the 23d of December last past
 ;ut a hand in surveying land for the granteei
 of Oerrit Smith. I did not know that thi
 lands off from the main road were as good at
 they are, although I have spent nearly mj
 whole life in this town, Mr. I be
 lieve, will have a hard tune surveying, ai
 i here exists in this community much oppo
 sition against him, and against the lands be
 ing settled by colored people. I have heard
 the while inhabitants accuse Mr. Lewis ol
 trying to ruin the town, by getting colored
 people to settle in this town, that the town
 would be represented by a black supervisor.
 Ac. I have heard much abusive language
 used towards him in this town, whilst going
 and returning from surveying. 1 know that
 he has purchased from the State a large quan
 tity of good land I have seen the village
 plat on lot and township twelve, called Free
 man’s Home by said Lewis, and know it to he
 beautiful land, with sufficient water power
 adjacent. When Mr. Lewis told the inhabi
 tants that he had not given 40 sduare acres,
 as Mr. Smith had done, but had given 40
 square rods of this beautiful land in the vilage
 plat, to a great number of colored men, they
 (the inhabitants) replied that he was a fool,
 anil' that Mr. Smith, he (Lewis) and the
 blacks, ought to be banished to Africa that
 if Smith and others would let the blacks alone
 that were here, they could starve them out,
 and the land would be settled by whites; that
 they would not live in a town surrounded by
 colored people, and if be (uewis) surveyed
 the land, he would have to go aimed, or he
 would get shot. Mr. Lewis would reply that
 he hoped’that he would yet live to see one
 memlier of the Essex County Board of Su
 pervisors a little darker complexion than ihe
 rest; that he would yet read the speeches of
 l)r. McCune Smith in Congress and live long
 enough to know that Gerrit Smith occupied
 the White House at Washington. 1 believe
 that there is a combination of a large number
 of persons against Mr. Lewis, who will, u
 possible, prevent his surveying the land aud
 showing thp colored people where their lands
 are. Mr. Lewis has made maps and pro
 cured townsip surveys, Ac., at a great ex
 pense, and if he is not illegally prevented or
 unavoidably hindered, he can and will fulfil
 all his contracts with the grantees. I know
 that he was Postmaster of this town 12 years;
 I know that he is and has been an acting Jus
 tice of the Peace of this town 13 years; I
 know that he has been elected Town Super
 intendent of this town 4 years; I kuow that
 all monies (post-office or school) coming into
 las hands have been legally disbursed; 1
 know that he is and has been friendly to the
 colored people; (know that his house has
 been a home tor the colored man,- when, I
 believe, others would not keep them here;
 I know him to he strictly a temperance man
 1 know him to he very warmly attached to'
 Gerrit Smith, and advocates his principles and
 measures. I believe that those who have
 slandered him w ill soon suffer the consequen
 t's, by judgements against them in oiirCoun
 ly or Supreme Courts.
 ELIJAH B. JONES
 Subscribed and sworn to before me this Bth
 day of January, 1849.
 I WAIT J. LEWIS, Justice of ihe Peace.
 Wc nubloh the above as a matter of jus
 nce to Mr. Lewis, and for the purpose of ma
 king public the fiendish malignity of some oi
 his neighbors. We send Mr. le«w a few
 extra copies of out paper, thafchc mav distri
 bute litem as he pleases
 Mlrdkb—The Sumter Banner give* the
 following account of a murder near King
 dreet, S. C.— We are informed that on the
 niai August, a &lt;*erman named Grienvault,
 was shot from a concealed poeition, about
 three miles from Kingatreet, Williamsburg
 urtrict, on the road from Georgetown to thai
 place, by a runaway negro, who ted iinmedi
 utely after the commimion of the act. The
 &lt;*auM of the deed was not mentioned nor
 known, we believe. It was done about 9
 o'clock m the day. Grieuvsult lingered until
 the morning of the let, whoa death pm an
 end to M Buttering*. J
Hov«* or R*p*BMPfTAjmrt»—Jan. 19.
 -Pacheco Slave Caie.—The Padteco
 ikre ca»e «u on motion token np. Mr.
 Teambe of Georgia, being entitled to the floor,
 Mfetßlly explained the ment* of the cm:
 tiiet much nimpprebeneion bad ptelailed witit
 regard to its character. He saw that neither
 P*rtT, in point of argument were entirely
 rigm that a question whole foreign to the
 cane had been brought into thie discussion, and
 ao much dwelt upon, a* to prevent a dear
 understanding of ita just claims. He then
 proceeded to produce precedents and authori
 ties from previous legislation to Congress,
 t Ac., to show that the Haim of the heir* of
 j Pacheco was just.
 Mr. Boel, of New York, obtained the floor,
 aod briefly replied to a single point adduced
 by Mr. Toombs, and then called for sbe pre
 vious question, which was sustained.
 1 The question of reconsidering the bill waa
 t j then put to the House, and the yeas and nays
 demanded, and derided in the affirmative, by
 j yeas 106, nays 02.
 IV lull, on motion, was now pul on Us
 ‘j final passage. The main question, as amen
 ded, was then voted on, and decided in the
 affirmative, by yeas 106, nays HI; so the Pa
 checo bill was again passed. The discussion
 On it has cost about $lO,OOO.
 V. 8. Senate—Jan: 22.
 Resolutions adopted by the Legislature of
 j New York, instructing the Representatives in
 Congress from that State to vote against the
 extension of slavery into any new territory,
 aod also against the traffic in slaves in the
 District of Columbia, and against the Teias
 claim of boundary, were presented by Mr.
 Dix, who afterwards moved to lay the *ame
 upon the table. Adopted.
 Mr. Yulae spoke against the resolutions,
 and said they were an insult to fifteen states
 of the Union.
 Mr. Rusk also spoke in opposition to the
 I resolutions.
 Mr. Foote said he was in favor of printing
 the resolutions, as it was a courtesy usually
 r extended to the State legislature*.
 Mr. Dix spoke in favor of the resolutions,
 and several other members took part in the
 debate, some of whom spoke particularly on
 the slavery question.
 Mr. Yulee reiterated his previous state
 ment, and added that the Union was totter
 ing on its base, in consequence of assaults
 from Northern fanatic*.
 Mr. Davis of .Mississippi endorsed Mr.
 Y r ulee's charge, and said that he would not
 vote for the printing of the resolutions.
 When New York respected herself, he would
 respect her.
 Messrs. Berrien, Douglass and King epoke
 in favor of printing.
 I I Mr. Downs was opposed to printing the
 t, resolutions, and said that lie considered the
 Union in great danger. The South had
 been denied the light to reclaim fugitive
 j slaves; that it could not endure such grie
 vance* tnnch longer.
 1 The question to print was finally decide
 ij in fhe affirmative. Adjourned.
 Telegraph to the N. V. 'I ribune.
 The Address of the Southern Caucus.
 Washington, Sunday, Jan. 28.
 Mr. Calhoun's Address to the People oftb
 «j Southern States on the subject of Slavery i
 i published in The Union of this morning am
 i occupies four Columns of that paper. It open:
 with a history of the wrongs the South hai
 j sustained in the obstacles thrown in the wai
 i of reclaiming fugitive slaves, by State legis
 lation, in defiance of the explicit guaranty o
 the Constitution.
 The Address proceed to describe the grost
 inequality and injury effected by the Wilmo’
 Proviso, and calls the attention of the people
 to the unwarrantable measures which have
 been agitated during the present session o
 i Congress. The following is the conclusiot
 of the Address.
 1 With such a prospect before us, the
 gravest and most solemn that ever claimee
 the attention of a people, the question for u:
 to consider is, What is to be done to preven
 it? It is a question belonging to you t&lt;
 decide. All we propose is to give you oui
 opinion. We, then, are of opinion that the
 first and indispensable step, without whicl
 nothing can be done, is union among our
 selves, in this great and most vital question
 The want of Union and Concert in reference
 to that has brought the South, the Union ant
 our system of Government to' their presen'
 perilous conditife|.w
 “If you bpsothe united, and prove your
 selves in earnest, the North will be broughi
 to a pause, and that may lead to s
 change of measures and the adoption of s
 couise of policy that may quietly and peace
 ably terminate this conflict between the twe
 sections; if it should not, nothing would
 remain but for you to stand up immovably in
 defence of rights which involve our properly,
 prosperity, liberty and safety. As the assailed,
 you would stand justified by all laws, human
 and divine in repelling a dangerous blow,
 I without looking to consequences, and to resort
 to all means necessary for that purpose.
 Your assailants, and not you, would be res
 ponsible for consequences.
 Entertaining these opinions we earnestly
 entreat you to be united, and for that purpose
 to adopt all necessary measures. Beyond this
 we think it would not be proper to go at
 present. We hope if you should unite with
 anything like unanimity, it may of itself
 apply a remedy lo this deepeeated and dan
 gerous disease. But if such should not be
 the case, the time will then have come for
 you to decide what course to adopt.*’
 The vote on adopting the address was 42 to
 19 The following are the Nays:
 Messrs. Berrien, Metcalf, Underwood,
 Rusk. Houston, Pendleton, Preston, Cling
 man, Toombs, Stevens, Hilliard, Morehead,
 Cocke, t'abelt, Roman, Chapman.—The
 Telegraph sends us but 16 names.—Ei&gt;.
 This.
 Mr. Berrien’s address is pretty much the
 same, only rather more moderate, and is ad
 dressed to the people of the United States,
 while Mr. Calhoun's is addressed to tlieSouth
 exclusively. The concluding part of Berrien’s
 is altogether different fron the extract of
 Calhoun’s above quoted.
 Pi out the Liberator.
 Ur Talk of the value of the Union! Read
 the following simple but truthful statement of
 the horrible atrocities inflicted for the dreary
 period of fourteen mouths upon two innocent,
 worthy free-horn citizens of the Notth—hue
 band and wife in—New Orleans And there
 is no possibility of obtaining redress Down
 with this accursed Union
 Beware of New Orleans*
 On the 9th of May, 1847,1 shipped on
 board the schooner Comet, at Baltimore, Jo
 seph rrwby, master, to proceed on a voyage
 from the above port to Tampico, and faun
 thence to New Orleans, mysdfiTlhe capacity
 roy w »fe in that of stewardess.
 Nothing extraordinary occurred daring the
 voyage, until our arrival New Orleans, at
 w hich tune it was understood that the schoo
 ner would receive a caigo from New York.
 We, of course, after discharging our inward
 h«ind cargo, commenced reloading at Lafry
 mtd on the 22d July, we wernTtoU^S
 ood Municipality to take in the remainder oi
 out cargo.
 Upon our arrival there, myself and wife
 we rj* ken vessel by the proper
 committed to prison, Ldom
 vessel we belonged to. I told fcfbtbeaehoo
 ntr Comet. He asked for our free
 I told him they were on board the said
 sutiog at the same time that we wen free
hart, aad ha to PhifadilffhM Mr
 Baldwin ordered tea to he wleot, aad di»em«
 myadfaad wifa to ho eoaftaad into chain
 gag. We wme ehaiaed together an hcvtea
 hanger and confinement, wc wen
 reduced to mete skeletons, which preveatec
 an, on several oeoamomi, from p—out
 aaual tasks, aad in defaah of which wo aao
 taiaed the lash and endued the man excru
 ciating pain.
 On the Ist of Much, I*4*, Lieut ACxrpen
 ter, whom f had served under on beard tin
 V* s frigwte Coostitatioo, on the Pacific mo
 tion, in 1838, happened to pass by whilst w«
 were at work and immediately recognised am.
 This gallant officer and philanthropist inquired
 into the nature of oar ruramanarra, and an
 ed his almost cxeniona in oor behalf; hr
 which means myaelf aad wife were faeharged
 from the infernal den on the 6th iast.
 Wc tender our sincere thanks, on this oc
 easioti, to Lieut. Carpenter, far oar freedom.
 Had it not keen for him, we should, at the
 expiration of twelve moaths.hsve been placed
 upon the auction block, and knocked of to
 the highest bidder.
 Upon our discharge from prwoo, an account
 was rendered for oor jail fees, amounting la
 sl7*. We remonstrated, stating, at the
 saaae time, we haul no money, neither did we
 see any direct way of getting any. The jai*
 lor then deducted 100 from the bill, leaving
 a balance of' $72 sod gave us the privilege
 of shipping on board a »w Orleans vessel,
 and no other.
 On the following day, by chance we ship
 ped on board the brig Victory, of New Orleans,
 John Hall faster, then ready for sea, hound
 to Apabchiola' thence to EUsoeur, and bach
 to New Orleans.
 Believe ns, our honest-hearted readers, al
 the time of our joining this vessel we were
 almost naked, ihe greater part of our ciothiug
 haviu£ been taken from us by the jailor, and
 the remaining, portion being nearly worn out
 by us. We are happy to say, that Capt. Hall
 was very kind, and exhibited every mark of
 benevolence during the voyage. And we
 farther declare, that the very day of our arri
 val, after preforming the voyage in the brig
 Victory, our wages were attached by the pro
 per authorities for our jail fees, and we were
 left penny less.
 After an elapse of a few days, we were
 fortunate enough to get a passage from thence
 to Boston. Our depressed circumstances and
 injured feelings, will not allow us to say any
 more on the subject. We merely wish to in
 form our colored brethren Gf the dagger, and
 cruelty, and injustice, which awrifeMgm in
 New Orleans.
 JOHN CALLIS, JMI
 CHARLOTTE CAgflH
THE NORTH STAKy
ROCHESTER, FEBRUARY 2, 1849.
Slavery Triumhphaat
 But for a firm, unyielding and ever in
 creasing faith in the cause of human progress
 and the ultimate triumph of all righteou
 principles, the recent weakness and fou
 treachery to libeity and humanity displayed ii
 I he United States Congress by the ever-supph
 representatives of the North, would certain!;
 I discourage and dishearten us. We allude, o
 course, to the action which took place on Mr
 Gott s resolution proposing fbe abolition o
 the slavetrade in the District of Columbia
 and the Pacheco case. On both these vita
 issues with the slaveholder, the North at firs
 took a manly and noble stand, and for a tim&lt;
 evinced a courage and determination which, i
 persevered in, rendered success inevitable.—
 The Northern press largely commended am
 cheered them on, and strong hopes were en
 tertained that they would stand fast and firm
 but alas! in the midst of the cheers of Ihei
 friends, their courage quailed, their spirit
 j faltered, and to-day they are vanquished, am
 j the slave power is completely triumphant.—
 The worm that essayed to turn is crushed.—
 The North is humbled, and the South is ex
 i
 alted.
 This result is all the more disgraceful
 since in both cases the North, at the first,war
 in the ascendant, and had both measures in its
 own hands, by clear majorities; and the de
 feat, therefore, is solely owing to de&amp;ertior
 and treachery. At first they resolved to loot
 their masters fully and firmly in the face;
 but a contraction of the brow, a flash of the
 eye, and a step towards them by the latter,
 soon humbled them into obedience and brought
 them under the lash. Poor cringing staves
 We know not whether most to pity or to de
 spise them.
 The bill to compensate the heirs of Pa
 checo for his learned chattel,” passed by a
 vote of 101 in favor and ninety-four against.
 We copy below from the National Era, the
 names of the poor weak Northern slaves
 through whose unfaithfulness, desertion and
 treachery this result was accomplished. Let
 them he remembered and reserved for the exe
 cration of which their infamous conduct makes
 them justly deserving.— f. d
 The members from the free States who
 voted in favor of the bill, or did not vote si
 all, being in their seat or absent, were the
 following:
 WHIGS.
 VEAS.
 Brady, Pa. Thompson, Ift.
 Dunn, Pa. Tavlor, O.
 Levin, Pa. Talmadge, N. Y.—6.
 ABSENT.
 Butler, Pa.| Rose, N. Y.
 Duncan, O.j Sylvester, N. Y.
 Grinnell, Mass. Slingerland, N.
 Hale, Mass. Van Dyke, N. Y.
 Holmest N. Y. Stewart, Pa.—ll.
 J. R. Ingersoll, Pa.
 DEMOCRATS.
 YEaS.
 Birdsall, N. Y. Manu.Pa.
 Brown, Pa. Murphy, N. Y.
 Bridges, Pa. Maetay, N. Y.
 Brodbead, Pa. McClernaod, 111.
 Clapp. Me. Nieoil, N. Y.
 Cummins, 0. Richardson, 111.
 Hammons, Me. Richey, O.
 C. J. Ingeraoll, Pa. Thompson, Pa.
 Lvnde, Wis. Wick, la.
 Clark,Me. Williams, Me 9O
 ABSENT.
 Edaall, N. J. Strong, Pa.
 Ficklin, 111. Tbompnon, lowa.
 LeflSer, lowa. Wiley, Me.— s.
 General Taylor*
 We observe that the Louisiana Conference
 of ilie Methodist Episcopal Chinch, Sooth,
 was recently held at Baton Rouge, and that
 during its pt ogress it was honored with n
 visit from Gen. Taylor. The hflary blas
 phemer and human fimb-mooger mam have
 Wt quite at hope with has dear Methodist
 bcethrea. A letter in the Southern Chriwiaa
 Advocate states that
 The President elect wan eanendingly
 normaanmiive and inirmwing, altogether ae
 bad expected to find him.”
 No donk of it yoo found him a mao after
 pour own heart. A itiTihnMai. slavotrader.
 tad a warrior—joat the man for yon A
 Csßow-fading” made him wondrous load.*'
 What happy, thiag that John Wealey was
Pit prtseat 10 aar Ac pww of Wesmyan
 body, by lirniiprirf dnoy tkeiw d
 all Tills sirs, ud lisrelioUra pb pudultn.
 i W* hope Gcp. Taylor or® nmke il ip hit
 I oroy to visit tk Methodist f'hatch, North,
 r ipd fit* bts experience ip Mpilpp Am time
 daring the PrmideotuJtern. Weehn**s«e
 i kin Apt tbe feet of kb beiog shir holder nr
 p sfc vender will form 00 bonier to hwsduus
 &gt;jna among bio bmbreo; and we bore no
 j doubt (bat be uras os well supported lor the
 Presidenrr trr tbeebftreb Nortb uatbe eborefe
 i| South.—r.
 8. J. *PT-
 I; It ban rarely been our privilege, of late
 j years, to liaioa to a before in every respect
 better calculated to do good, reaaore prejudice
 against the colored nan aad tbe anu-alevery
 l movement generally, tbae that delivered at
 5 tbe Unitarian Chan* in this city, on Monday
 l nigbt last, by Rev. Samuel J. May, of Syra
 case. Tbe lecture was somewhat peculiar
 and unexpected It was neither an old nor a
 now fashioned one—different from both rather
 j than like either. It was a history of bis con
 si aeetioa with tbe anti-slavery movement and
 tbe men of whom it is oomposed, commencing
 with fits own earnest impressions with re
 spect to slavery aad prejudice against color,
 I! illustrated sod applied with interesting facts
 and arguments, and told off with all the mod-
 t estj and artieasnesa of familiar conversation.
 While free /rota all straining after effect, it
 r was forcible—quietly deliveted, yet so dear,
 '■’pure and earnest, that it fixed tbe attention
 1 aad earned the feelings and minds of his audi-
 F* ence completely along with him throughout.
 He does not address himself to the whole, but
 to those who are sick. He is not a eon of
 1 thunder, striking terror into the bosom of tbe
 -slaveholder or his guilty apologist, but seems
 to regard with more affectionate interest tbe
 i sinner than the saint, acting on the principle
 that there is more joy in heaven over one sin
 ner that repenteth, than ninety and nine just
 persons. He aims not to annihilate the ene
 tines of freedom, but to save them. His love
 of jibe right is more conspicuous than his ab
 j bajrrg|ce of the wrong; and he labors more
 1 IT win friends to the cause of freedom, than
 ItM warm and overpower itr, er.*mies. He
 taste for the science of offence and
 pleases those who differ from him. If
 offended by his arguments, they are won by
 his kindness; and though they may repudiate
 his doctrine, they are attached to the man.—
 His address on Monday evening (though it did
 not sparkle, freeze, or burn”) held a deeply
 interested audience in profound stillness mote
 than the space of two hours.
 I During the course of his remarks, he al
 -1 luded to his first acquaintance with William
 i Lloyd Ganison, in the infancy of the anti
 r 1 slavery movement. He related the deep im
 f pression made upon his mind by that.inter
 -1 view. In Mr. Garrison, he found a man of
 f large and warm heart—a mind of singular
 1 purity, clearness and force—of great activity,
 earnestness and singleness of purpose, his
 whole soul aroused to the enormous evil of
 1 slavery, and a firm faith that the nation could
 soon be brought to repentance. Mr. Ganison
 was then writing letters to a large number of
 distinguished men throughout the country,
 ■j honestly believing that the cause was such as
 only needed to be brought lo their attention to
 secure their sympathy, aid and co-operation.
 1 He then believed that if he could get the sub
 ject before the ministers of religion, the object
 would be nearly accomplished. He therefore
 wrote to a number of ministers of different
 denominations, appealing to them to take up
 the wrongs of the slave, and to demand im
 mediate emancipation as the right of the slave
 i and the duty of the master. In return for
 his letters he received coldness—in some
 cases reptoof—in others silence, and in nearly
 all utter indifference. This did not destroy
 his confidence in the rectitude of his princi
 ples, or the righteousness of his cause. It
 did, however, chill and destioy his confidence
 in the soundness and purity of the church and
 clergy.
 The remarks of Mr. May on this point
 were highly gratifying and useful, removing,
 as they must have done, much of the preju
 dice which exists here as well as elsewhere
 against Mr. Garrison.
 He then passed happily to his acquaintance
 with the celebrated George Thompson— de
 j fended him from the unjust remarks made
 1 upon him recently in Syracuse and in this
 city, by Dr. Baird, in his lectures on Europe
 and England. After showing op the injustice
 and|ptejudices of the latter gentleman, he be
 stowed a well-merited eulogy upon the former.
 It was peculiarly refreshing to us to witness
 the warmth of admiration and strength of
 brotherly affection with which tbe eloquent
 champion of West India emancipation was
 remembered and defended by one so able and
 devoted to the canse of freedom as Mr. May.
 Thank God that ther*; are those in our land
 whose sense of joslice'will not allow even one
 so beloved and popular as Dr. Baird to injure
 with impunity the absent. The promptness
 aad genuine earnestness with which Mr. May
 came to the aid of his friend, showed*ths pu
 rity and benevolence of his own heart, as well
 as added lustre to the character of the noble
 George Thompson.
 The next person to whom our attention was
 directed, was Mias Crandall—the anti-slavery
 lady who, a few yearn ago, for establishing a
 school for the instruction of colored children
 in Connecticut, received such brutal treatment
 at the hands of the piety aad respectability of
 that very evangelical Stale. He gave an in
 teresting history of the commencement and
 final overthrow of that school, and commented
 upon the difficulties thrown the way of the
 edaealioo and improvement of colored persona,
 at that time and now. A tribute of —teem
 was paid to the worthy young woman who
 gave such evidence of devotion to the easse
 of human brotherhood; aad the speaker
 branched oi somewhat from his narrative, and
 tics to the «lecture, sad this brief an
 esuat is sot to hs taken ss even s firir sketch
 of it. is, that the sight was so
 dark aad the weather ee iademeat, that hut
 few worn present to bear it; aad thisrugret
 is only mitigated by thepramtas Aat Mr. May
 wifl*sesa visit Raehalir again, and dakvat
 Hum. I. R. Gnsum, and Hue. J. G.
 Furnv, w® please neeapi set thanks for
omt—
 We commcnee tM» mfc the pakßnstii* «f
 the able, rigorous, and earnest *e*rh rf
 CntkMo, so the fasnoos Maco cnen.—
 Although it acmftn large if**, "eh*-
 §w no reader of the Nett* Star
 tkm the wisdom of pobtiattag it. The speech
 is a masterly one, and mnst hare
 impremion upon the rill semis ■mmskw he
 twe whom it sres dehrcrrd I* oegkt to be
 published in pamphlet fcro, and rirenlated
 freely throughout the North, that the be--
 nun bod and lethargic people of the free
 States may be awakened to a sense of the
 Iran condiuoti of the ntuoa with respect u&gt;
 this momentous subject. How saddening it
 is to think that Northern members oi Cow-;
 gTws could hear this mighty expose of human
 rights, and then turn round add trample
 upon every principle of justice and humanity,
 by paying for the body and soul of a brother
 man.—r. d.
This sweet songster gave delightful en
 tertainment at the new Conceit Hall, in this
 city, on Tuesday evening last; and proposes
 to offer another io the course of a few days,
 of which due ooiice will be published in the
 daily papers. The merits of Mr. Dempster,
 as a vocalist, are well known, and widely
 j appreciated. As a composer, he ranks with
 tlie best of the age; and as a performer of
 the songs, especially those of his native land,
 we think he has no soperior. He has not a
 deep bass voice, such as Henry Russell or
 Asa Hutchinson, to awaken terror by its
 roaring grandeur; but he has jußt such a
 voice as is proper to the performance of the
 songs of his country, and kindred music.
 The crystal clearness and melting sweetness
 of his voice, while admirably adapted to ex
 press the beautifnl tenderness of love, and
 the warmth of domestic affection, possesses a
 1 loftier quality and compass, which soars on
 high, bearing his audience into the concert of
 angels. No one could listen to his perform
 ance on Tuesday evening, without having
 the better elements of his nature highly gra
 tified and improved. The song of the In
 dian Women,” by Whittier, the Rainy
 Day,” by Longfellow, ’Tis sweet to love
 t io childhood,” by Mary Cook, The May
 Queen,” by Tennyson,” and The Dying
 Child,” by Mary Howitt, and several Scotch
 songs, were all sung with enchanting beauty
 and sweetness. To all who love music in
 which there is nothing to injure the feelings
 of the helpless, divested of all low-vulgarity,
 creates no fever in the brain, leaves no stain
 upon the soul, but refines andjurifies the
 heart, elevates the mind, and it with
 loving sentiments—we say, Go and hear
 Dempster.—f. d
 Florence Cmreatis^
 The following reaoliuiemihgm been adopted
 by the Florence Conveatfam f
 Resolved, That ~mm instruct the general
 agent to appoint as many sub-agents as he
 may think expedient for the benefit of the
 settlement, to collect funds for that purpose,
 and they transmit it to him; that the migrant
 house, school-honse, saw-milt and church may
 be completed as early as the last of April or
 the first of Msy; that the geneial agent in
 struct the sub-agents to collect the amount of
 three thousand dollars to be appropriated for
 the specified purposes, and whatever money
 shall be left over, the Rev. Henry Hicks, of
 Catskill, shall appropriated for provisions, un
 til the first crop can be raised among the first
 settlers, and that Rev. Charles B. Ray and
 Dr. James Cune Smith, of New York, make
 all necessary arrangements in that place, and
 receive donations for the settlement.
 Resolved, That the Association solicit the
 services of Rev. W. J. Logan, of Syracuse,
 Frederick Douglass, of Rochester, and Rev.
 Samuel R. Ward, of Couitlandville, to solicit
 donations for the settlement, such as school
 house, saw-mill, emigrant house, church, and
 other public works under the charge of the
 Association, and the general agent publish an
 extra of the Northern Star and Fanner with
 the proceedings of this meeting.
 Resolved, That two-ihirds of the Associa
 tion meet at Florence, Feb. 23, 1849, to hold
 a meeting to make the necessary arrangements
 for building and completing saw-mills and
 other public works pertaining to the interest
 of the settlement.
 Resolved, That we appoint inspectors to
 price the public property of the settlement
 after the public works are completed, and they
 shall make a general report how much has
 been expended for said settlement. The in
 spectors shall make their first visit on the first
 of June, and they shall hold their first meet
 ing at the settlement on the first tf Septem
 ber, where the books shall be opened for their
 inspection. Committee—Rev. J. W. Logan,
 F.Douglass Rev. H.Hicks.W.H.Topp, Rev.
 S. R. Ward, and G. Brown.
 Wm, A. Griffin, Sec’y.
 We do not know that we understand this
 last resolution. It begins by appointing m
 speetors, and defining their duties, and ends by
 nsming a committee, for what purpose we do
 not know. Are the inspectors a separate
 body from the committee, or are they one and
 the same T We ought io know our duties if
 we are expected to act.— r. d.
Oor Female Cormpoadeat.
 We may have sinned somewhat in admit
 ting the letter of Irwin” into the columns ot
 the North Star. It is a tart, sharp letter, and
 written with some ability, though it belts all
 appreciation of Reforms, or the means of ac
 complishing them, and want of charity for the
 foibles of those engaged in them. Her at
 tention has been attracted by the cry of Re
 form Reform and sfart led by the cry, she
 exclaims, Where what 1 as though the cry
 were altogether new, and the need of it a
 mystery! Like Rip Van Winkle, she has
 just eome out of an age of sleep, just from
 the fair and sonny South,” and b utterly
 amaaed to aee the state of things troond her.
 This is all very natural, and we axe disposed
 to make every allowance for our astonished
 correspondent, and proceed at once to remove
 •ome ranees of her aatooiohmeot. She has
 lived in a dark though annoy region, where
 meeting-hooees am thought more trfff than
 ■en where man are sold to build ebarehes,
 •od women are sold to fhnriah what she is
 •oenotresed to regard as the house of God—
 where revivals of refighm and revivals of the
 abvetrade go hand in hand—where worship
 b performed by menstealer*, and ministers
 traffic in human flesh, sod where to op
 pore davery an a great sin, m, in the popular
 ret notion, to fight against the porpnren of a
 ■oreifel God.
 k b therefore net strange that our ear
 respondeat Ms wared when she finds her
 •df among n people who believe slavery to
 he fiem the infernal, and oA the celestial ra-
 She m shocked at eho terms infer
 nal and hsObh,” and «H*H that the use
 of thorn in dm house of God io drreniliisi.
mijmm suppose that these words amok
 a at be oftwhc to her, if thee dropped (ran
 the bps of a manater, or were read fteot Uh
 Bible is the palp*. They sis strong weeds,
 we confess. bat their propriety or snpto
 priety depends wholly open the appßntior
 made of then. If* they are applied to pood
 and holy things, the person so using then
 deserves to be shamed m a foul-mouthed per
 sos. Bat if the things or persons to whoa
 I those epithets are applied be really devilish,
 manifesting a wicked and malignant spirit, it
 may he perfectly proper thus to characterra*
 them, and to do so anywhere on earth; for
 there is no place where the command to be
 holy is more binding than another. To think
 otherwise, is to think that rigbtjand wrong,
 virtue sod vice, depend upon time and place,
 and denies the everywhere present God,
 The unwillingness of oar correspondent to
 have the Churrh rebaked, is a true index of
 the state of her mind upon the whole subject
 of reform. She would have the church re
 buked, but it must be by men who love God
 but it so turns out, that the persons who in
 her judgment ire fit, are the very persona
 who utterly refuse to have anything to do
 with the discharge of that dnty, and leave it
 for what she terms sinners.
 We are glad that Irwin has spoken, and
 hope her attention may dwell longer upon
 this snbjeet. A further investigation may
 lead her to sec as we do. The persons upon
 whose course she has commented are abund
 antly able to take care of themselves; apd
 we leave it to them to say how far she has
 misrepresented their conduct.—f. d.
The editor of the Pennsylvania Freeman,
 for whose judgment in many things (his ap
 preciation of ourselves of course included!)
 we have the highesf»iespect, says:
 There are few papers in our land wliose
 editorials are written with more clearness and
 force than Mr. Douglass's. Were he a little
 more rigid in regard to the literary merits of
 some other contributions to his paper, it
 would be well both for the paper and the
 writers.”
We have not been insensible to the literary
 defects of many articles admitted into the
 columns of the North Star, and have only
 admitted such when to do so served to en
 courage a class of personsjwhose literary advan
 tages have been fewer than those of the editor
 of thj Freeman. We however thank our
 friend for the suggestion, and hope to profit by
 it in the future.—f. d.
“Thk Impartial Citizen.”—The above
 title has just been assumed by the North
 Star and Colored Fspmei,” formerly pub
 lished at Albany, under the editorial and we
 believe sole management, of Mr. Stephen
 Myers; but is now to lie published under its
 new and happy title, at Syracuse, and to be
 edited by S. R. Ward. Success to the Citi
 zen !—F. D.
Colored Inhabitants of Philadelphia
 We have been favored with a copy of ar
 interesting pamphlet, just published, entitled
 “A Statisiical Inquiry into the Condition o
 the People of Color of the City and District*
 of Philadelphia." The census (says the
 preface) which forms the basis of the calcula
 tions and statements which follow, was taker
 near the close of the year 1847, at the sug
 gestion and under the direction of some mem
 bers of the Society of Friends. It is sub
 mitted to the public in the conviction that it
 presents, so far as it goes, a faithful picture
 of the condition of our people of color—a
 picture which should inspire them with hope
 and confidence in the future, and encouiage
 their friends to persevere in their efforts.”
 The firat table shows the total number of
 of colored residents in Philadelphia to lie
 120,240, though this is believed to be lather
 ;less than the actual number. The.increase
 during the twenty years from 1820 to 1840, is
 I’ shown to be 14 per cent, per annum.
 It appears from another table, that 42.7
 per cent, of the colored population of Phila
 delphia have been born out of the State; and
 it is further supposed that two-thirds of
 these immigrants are from the slave States.
 The total number of those born slaves is
 stated as 1,077 manumitted. 767 bought
 their freedom, 275 the amount paid for
 their freedom. $63,034.
 It has been attempted by the compilers of
 this pamphlet, to form an estimate of the real
 -and personal estate held by the people or
 color; but it is justly observed, that “no
 returns of this nature can be more than an
 approximation to the actual value," on ac
 count of the difficulty of obtaining correct
 returns from the individuals. The total value
 of real estate, carefully computed from the in
 formation obtmoed is $531,809. None of the
 public projAy, such as meeting-houses,
 4tc., ia included in this esti-
 increase in the value of the real
 estate between the yean 1837 and 1847, is I
 rated at 50 per cent. This real estate is held
 by 315 freeholders, who are likewise the
 owners of personal propeity to the amount of
 $194,318; of these freeholders there are two
 who own from $5,000 to 10,000, and two
 who own from $lO,OOO to $20,000.
 The total amount of reoul in 1847 i was
 $199,665 46—paid by 4,019 fsmiliea being
 an average of $49,68 per family. The taxes
 were in the same year $6,308 38 the water
 rente 1,032.
 The trades and occupations of 3,358 men,
 and 4,249 women, forming about four-fifths of
 the entire able-bodied population above 21,
 has been ascertained. Of these, 968 are me
 efaanics; 166 shop-keepers, and traders the
 re** are laborers, waiters, hair-dressers, die.
 Of the women, 216 are dress-makers 231
 •eamstresMs; 33 keepers of boarding-houses;
 IS school-mistresses.
 Undar the heading of “Education and Em
 ployment of Ctuldreo,” h is stated that the
 nnrahen between the ages of 5 and 20 are
 computed to be shout 4,506. Of this num
 ber, 1940, or upwards of 64 per cent, of them
 go to school; and there are returns of the
 manner in which 1,340 of those who do not
 go to school a«e disposed of; leaving about
 1,300 between 5 and 20 who are not reported.
 The Parishes of dm Eastern Penitentiary
 fiwwsh some imsrrsrtng intoaaatioo. The
 feet that ailhoagh the population of the .Stale
 han bean ianrimmg at the f per cent.,
 steadily deereanag, is peculiarly gratifying—
 showing as it dses, that the colored population
 of Pennsylvania are gradually advancing in
 iatefligrnrr and amcality.
 Them are 16 nokaud ehaiulms ia pwk»
 ddphm Fima 19 of theat mtunw have bean
received, which «Ute the number usually it
 tending st 6,100. Theee twelve congrega
 tions nil heve Sunday-schools, employing 167
 teachers, ud attended by upward* of 1,000
 scholars The coet of eleven out of the
 twelve meeting-hoove* is given at nearly
 $07,000
 There are a namber of literary ~~n lfmil
 (saya the writer) establi ed among the people
 of color, several of which appear to be sop.
 ported with zeal and ability, and which, nc
 donbt, have an important influence upon those
 who are within the sphere of their oper
 irons.
 There is a marked difference in the eooj,
 tit»n of the various districts As may ot
 coarse be expected, the immigrant population
 are chiefly found in tbone crowded streets and
 alleys where destitntion and wretrhedneas
 most prevail; though some of that class are
 among the most industrious and thriving of
 the people of color. In respect to this state
 of things, the pamphlet well remarks:
 We may fairly trace these extremes in tfcn
 condition of the colomhtnumgrant to the evil
 influences of slavery, Epon a feeble and
 common mind it operates like a blight, with
 ering the active principles of oar nature, and
 inducing a listlessness and indifference to the
 future, which, even should the slave become
 a freeman, leave nil the vicious habits of sla
 very worked into the very gram of his charac
 ter. To those. on the other hand, who have
 resisted these withering influences and bought
 their freedom with the hard-earned fruits of
 their own industry, the love of liberty often
 imparts a desire for improvement and a con
 sciousness of trcir own worth as men, that
 invigorate all their powers and give energy
 and dignity to their character aa freemen.”
 Here is a statement,written December 18th,
 1848, by N. B. Leidy, the late Coroner,which
 gives a lamentable illustration of the effects of
 prejudice and injustice. Let Christian Re
 publican Americans who do not to
 boast of the freedom and equality of this land,
 hang their heads for shame as they read it.—
 “All men are by nature free and equal
 Horrible mockery! How long. Lord, how
 long” shall the pale-faced tyrant be permitted
 to keep his iron heel upon the necks of the
 oppressed Away with Constitutions! away
 with Republicanism away with govern
 ments if this is the best they can do for the
 human family!
 Many were found dead in cold and ex
 posed rooms and garrets, board shanties five
 and six feet high, and as many feet square,
 erected and rented for lodging purposes,
 mostly without any comforts, save the bare
 floor, with the cold penetrating between the
 boards and through the holes and crevices on
 all sides; some in cold, wet and damp cellars,
 with naked walls, and in manv instances with
 out floors and others found dead, lying in
 back yards, in alleys, and other exposed situ
 ations.”
 The result of this inquiry is considered by
 those who instituted il, to be in a high degree
 interesting and satisfactory. Say they—
 “Of a large portion of this class of our
 fellow-citizens, it may be truly said, that they
 are steadily advancing in alt that constitutes a
 respectable and intelligent community. They
 have numerous skilful and industrious arti
 sans and tradesmen—the desire for informa
 tion and the feeling of self-respect are in
 creasing! among them and it is upon the
 influence of the Christian example and the
 steady conduct, both as regards industry and
 morals of those who have thus raised them
 selves, and upon their benevolent exertions,
 that the future welfare and respectability of
 the people of color in this city, must, as s
 j class in the community, mainly depend.
 The distinction of color, and the preju
 dices which have grown out of the condition
 of slavery, ate no doubt feU by the man of
 color to be the principal barrier* against his
 obtaining that social position to which, by his
 good conduct, intelligence and wealth, he is
 fairly entitled. There are few things in the
 world more unreasonable and unreasoning
 than these prejudices of caste and color.”
 The writer lias huge hope that these preju
 dices will speedily die away.
 “Our more intimate connection with the peo
 ple inhabiting the tropics, where men of color
 form a large proportion ot the people, and ex
 ercise the highest offices of state, must, of
 itself, in the end, obliterate the odionsness of
 the distinction here. Let the man of color
 cultivate the spirit of self respect and inde
 pendence, and without allowing hi* mind to
 be disturbed by prejudices which cannot be at
 once removed, pursue that course of quiet
 industry and unpretending virtue which will
 make him happy and respectable as an indi
 vidual, and will contribute more than any
 thing else to elevate the condition of his
 people.
 This proper feeling of self respect would
 lend to check the disposition so prevalent
 among many of the people of color, to in
 dulge in Jove of show and extravagance, in
 anniversary procession! and entertainments,
 which add nothing to their respectability in
 the eyes of their fellow-citizens, and foster
 tastes and habits most unfrieudiy to the real
 improvement of the people of color.
 There is no way in which the patriotic
 man of color can so promote the well-being of
 his people, as in kindling and keeping alive
 the desire for instruction. A good school is
 not merely a place for training in knowledge,
 but in virtue and morals.”
 This pamphlet is highly interesting ami
 instructive. Our limits wilj not admit of more
 copious extracts. It shoeft be carefully read
 and pondered by colored men who are endeav
 oring to achieve their own elevation and by
 the friends of colored men who are desirous
 to learn in what way efforts on their behalf
 may be rendered most effective.—j. d.
A cotßKspoxoorT, writing from Wayne
 Co-, 0., gives a rather gloomy aaeount of the
 state of Anti-Slavery sentiment in that region.
 He says:
 I remit the amount of my subscription
 fat next year. 1 have tried in vain to obtain
 subscribers lor the North Star. This is a
 dark corner, inhabited principally by Dutch
 farmers, without education, and without any
 desire for knowledge, except that pertaining
 to making money. 1 wish the Good Spirit
 would guide Firede nek Dongtass through this
 section of couetry. Hut native eloquence and
 sincerity would perhaps arouse the people
 from their apathy. I sometimes think, when
 contemplating their dullness sod indifference,
 that “they must ha awakened by a storm
 •leap forever.”
 For the information of this writer, *ml
 tatsvealed, may say, that Fssosaica
 Doi otAss experts to he in Ohio some time
 toward* the end of next summer; and ft is sot
 impossible, if the location of our friend is not
 too much out of his intended route, that he
 will pay htin a visit. Of this, more be real
 tor.—;.
An Eaton crept into the Cash Account
 which was published in our pnper of Jan
 of the Ladies Society. Renders will p) moo
 observe that the receipt* of the Rochester
 Fair weto $885(01; reducing the halses* oh
 hand to $05,14.
