Communications.
Bi'TFalo, In. 25th, 1848.
 Friskd Douglass:—The fim year of the
 North Star ban or pawed away, I feel that
 net only duty, but justice to yourself and the
 eaese of freedom, demand a word of en
 couragement. The result of your effort
 does not stop at the triumphant success, on
 your part, of simply sustaining the North
 Star for one year, and making good your
 pledge. It concludes a new chapter in the
 history of the past, which, for important
 practical results ta favor of freedom, is one
 qaalled by an; similar movement. The
 whole civilised world is eonvuland with inter
 nal commotions, springing out of that great
 innate principle of man’s adaptation to, and
 unceasing efforts for, a free exercise of
 thought, speech and action. While the
 press that is, a well-conducted, fearless,
 uncompromising and truth-telling press—
 must be one of the moat effective agents
 to bring about this levelhog process In
 the North Star, visible marks aie seen from
 its high-toned spirit and masterly efforts
 against the institution of slavery and other
 prominent evils, such as has been brought to
 bear upon them by no other paper conducted
 by colored men, and which no other, con
 ducted by any other class of citizens, could
 do for us. By it, one of the most prominent
 objections extant—of inferiority—has been
 consigned over to take its place in the low
 and lying category of objections w hich have
 long since failed to aid the grovelling apolo
 gist foT slavery, it lias been the means of
 drawing thousands aw ay from former habits—
 in a measure curing them of that loathsome
 disease, expediency. The great objection to
 the North Star at its commencement was,
 that it took too high grounds—not that they
 were untrue in any of their bearings, but
 they were so far in advance of the diseased
 public sentiment of the age—so little ju ac
 cordance with, but far overreaching the pop
 ular religion of the day, that (sorry am I to
 record the fact) a large portion of the colored
 people have lieen arrayed against it—if not by
 public expressions of disapprobation, by si
 lence and inactivity in its behalf. These ob
 jections are rapidly passing away, and colored
 men begin to see that the work must be done
 by them, upon uncompromising principles—
 that the only safe mode of action is to do
 right, and abide the issue. Another omen
 for good arising from the publication of the
 North Star, may be seen in the diffusion of
 anti-alavery principles in sections of the coun
 try hetetofore difficult to reach. In various
 snd remote regions of the South, the editor
 has become the subject of public and private
 discussion, and much of his writings,although
 violently and unjustly assailed, have estab
 liahed facta, brought out and dissemminaled
 truths of incalculable benefit to the cause of
 freedom. These, together with the daily in
 fluence exerted on the minds of anti-slavery
 men for good in our own and other lands, as
 I in the outset staled, leave the North Star
 without an equal.
 This is but a slight glance at the good
 results already emanating from a press con
 ducted by colored men, and needs no further
 proof that the hour has come—yea, now is,
 when upon our action in a great measure de
 pends the freedom of the slave and salvation
 of our country. The bugle blast for republi
 can liberty in the old world, has crossed the
 Atlantic. Its delightful strains have taken
 lodgment, in spite of the impure atmosphere,
 in the heart and body politic of this professed
 republic; and in spite of the efforts of slave
 holders and their apologists against it, party
 strife, bloodshed, Mexican war, and all other
 hellish ingredients, the onward progress of
 equality can no longer be impeded; and there
 is hope that this land will ere long, in deed
 and in truth, become what it has professed to
 be for nearly three-fourths of a century. We
 must be the prominent actors in this mighty
 struggle. liet us stand by the press; through
 it alone can we reach the nation's heart, and
 change the nation's will. Let us hold up, 1
 beseech you, the North Star—take it as our
 guide. It has never deceived us, and I ven
 ture to say it never will. Take the example
 of our Philadelphia friends, N.or whatever
 course is best adapted to increase its perma
 nency. If we carry out these views, and
 rely upon Him who rulps the destinies of 1
 men, victory is ours. More anon. i
 Yours as ever,
 A. H. FRANCIS.
 Philadrlphia, Jan. 18, 1848.
 It is not customary for females to take a
 stand against renowned public speakers; but
 the spirit leads i obey. I am not a Phila
 delphian, but feel as one. My native home ia
 the fair and sunny South. Though cursed
 by the iron rule of slavery, as my home, I
 love it still.
 My ;Mention has lieen attracted by the
 great cry of Reform, reform; but reform
 where 1 ho where it is needed 1—
 Some say in the Church, and have knocked
 loudly, but were not admitted, and rightly
 too. J am no bigot; I am no communicant of
 any denomination but such is my reverence I
 for the house of the Lord, that I think the:
 language used by the Anti-Slavery lecturers
 a desecration. Suppose, as we ought always i
 when in (rod’s house, that he is there too, do!
 you think that such expressions as infernal,
 hellish, rascals, and many more of like ten
 dency, would meet his approving smile No,
 sir none can be found who would stand in
 the presence of God, and give utterance to
 »uch lauguage. Hard words harden the
 heart, but a mild and kind reproof worketh
 wonders. Can men who threaten, abuse, and
 try to drive us to do what they may think
 right, expect to gain their point When our
 Saviour sent his apostles to teach, be bade
 them go forth meekly and lowly, and they did
 0 1 wn as they went, and I suppose
 touched many a heart as a aa we (so called)
 pro-slavery PhUadelphian. po** M They
 did 001 cr, out -Hk.wsTy.2l
 iiol '•"“■Woth, ,„d a
 Holhtd u. ibe b«t £j“ onlbU ]_
 Men who low Cod ln d e jn
 •re »nd «hot.M be pn.ileged u. rebuke the
 church bol thoee who ha.e nerer known
 God, or made a profession u&gt; know h, m
 think it sheer presumption m them to attempt
 to take the mote out of their brother's eye,
 when they have a beam in their own.
 I was present a short time since when one I
 of the anti-slavery lecturers laid a great many
 sins at the door of the Philadelphia people.
Fim, he foaod firek wtlh the dinrinrtfons
 wise disapprove of it, and t know it esiati to
 a great extent, but I do not thing that to abase
 ia the way to reform. t
 Another charge was. wo wore 100 food of
 dress; ladies with carls sari ribbons flying, in
 imitation of out oppresoore and girls who
 live at service spending their earnings in be
 decking then*elves equally ia appearance
 with their employers. I should like to know
 how the gentlemen would have os dress. 1
 suppose the old-fashioned bonnets and dresses
 of our grandmothers would please him. 1
 kaow they would please our oppressors, far
 the unwelcome truth would not sure them in
 the face, that we are as capable of refinement
 and taste as they are. I think our service
 girls have been unjustly handled. Most of
 them have poor parents, and a great part of
 their earnings go to assist them, which leaves
 them little to spend upon themselves; yet a
 stranger, who knows nothing of the social
 relations of the laboring people of our city,
 undertakes to censure them for extravagance f
 The gentleman speaks much against our
 young men wearing broadcloth but 1 may
 say, that I see none of them dress as fashion
 ably as he does. Pray who does be ape T Is
 there any nation of the genuine color”ithat
 I have not heard oft America does not ori
 ginate her fashions she receives them from
 France and England so when we follow a
 fashion, we consider ourselves no more imi
 tators than our oppressors.
 It is now my turn to find fault. It is with
 romething of more consequence than people’s
 dress or color. 1 seldom attend a lecture, but
 I am disgusted with some expiession which
 makes the blush of shame o'erspread my face.
 What gentleman would allow the utterance of
 words at his fireside, which would cause his
 wife or daughter to hang her head Then
 may I inquire, What right have lecturers to
 use language in public that they would not
 dare use in private Do they expect to re
 form the people l Do stop this, I beseech
 you. Think where you are—consider we are
 not all simple, but have a little sense, and
 would not mind improving ourselves. You
 wish to elevate us if you employ the right
 means you can. Let us set to work—have
 lectures on scientific subjects; let us have our
 schools well filled, our retreats and houses of
 industry [supported and above all, let us
 raise a fund to build a college or high school
 in the State of Pennsylvania, that our young
 men of the next generation may be so well
 educated that our proud oppressors can no
 longer say we are not equal to them. God
 speed the time when our people will have
 more public spirit among them. Let us pull
 together, every one feeling that he has some
 thing to do for the common good, and then as
 a well-organized family we must prosper.
 Yours, IRWIN.
 The Harrisburg Delegation*
 Pursuant to arrangement, the colored citi
 zens of Philadelphia, met in the Wesleyan
 Church, Lombard street, for the purpose of
 receiving the delegates from 'the Harrisburg
 Convention; the Rev. W T m. T. Catto in the
 Chair, and Joseph C. Moore, Secretary.
 Prayer was offered by the Rev. Joshua P.
 B. Eddy. After the President had stated
 the object of the meeting, the Rev. Stephen
 Smith, one of the Delegates, addressed the
 assembly, stating that they, (ten in number,)
 in obedience to the request of their constitu
 ents, convened together in Harrisburg, in
 the Shakespeare Saloon, on the 13th instant,
 with some fifty-five other delegates from the
 various counties of the State.
 By a special resolution of the Convention
 (he said) it was agreed that there be $6,000
 raised to oarry on the object for which they
 had met. The city and county of Philadel
 phia promised to raise $2,000 of the above
 mentioned sum. He sustained the same, by
 offering a resolution to that effect, which was
 unanimously adopted.
 Mr. J. Ware read some of the resolutions
 adopted by the Convention, and stated that
 the delegation from Philadelphia had been
 constituted the medium to bear our petition to
 the legislature—appoint an agent or agents to
 canvass the State, and lay the claims of the
 i disfranchised impartially before the people,l
 both colored and white.
 M. W. Gibbs, in a brief but eloquent;
 speech, set forth the great necessity of raising
 the sum of $5,000 to promote the cause. He j
 was followed by D. B. Bowser, who called
 upon the assembly to know if they would as
 sist in the advancement of the enterprise. He j
 I received a hearty response from the audience: j
 after which, in a brief and enthusiastic speech,
 showed the necessity of concerted and imme
 diate action. J. J. G. Bias then made a few
 remarks, calling upon young and old, male
 and female, to lend their assistance, both phy
 sical, moral and pecuniary, to obtain our
 God-given rights. C. L. Remond followed,
 on the great advantage of having the elective
 franchise, and the great disadvantage of our
 disfranchised coudition concluding with a
 resolution that there be a committee of three
 appointed to make arrangements for a public
 meeting. George W. Guinea, Peter Lester,
 and Rev. Stephen Smith, were appointed that
 committee; after which the meeting adjourn
 ed, to be reassembled at the discretion of the
 committee.
 WM. T. CATTO, Pres t.
 Joseph C. Mooax, Sec’y.
 Philadelphia, Dec. 18, 1846.
 Salem, N. J., J tn 9, 1849
 Frederick Douglass l n accordance
 with a motion made at a meeting held in the
 township of Maoningion on the 4th inst.,
 the colored people of Mannington, Salem!
 and the adjacent county, assembled ia the
 M. E. Church, (Mount Pisgah.) On
 motion of Mr. Jostah Connell, Mr. Daniel
 Ue was chosen Chairman, and A. M. Bland
 Secretary.
 After prayer by Rev. James Holland, Dr.
 Reek came forward, made some remarks ex
 planatory of the meeting, and closed with the
 reading of an appeal on the right of suffrage
 which had been presented by a delegation
 from Dutch town, and which the Assembly
 had convened 10 consider.
 The following gentlemen then addressed
 the among: Messrs. Con well, Holland,
 Wilson, Fletcher, Shockley and Bland.
 On motion of Dr. Rock, the Convention,
 when held, be held ie Trenton. Carried.
 On motion of Rev. Ja*. Holland, there be
 a committee of three 00 correspondence to
 confer with onr brethren throughout the
Stele. Carried. Committee Dr. Reek. Re*.
 Jaa. Holland, and We. Wilson.
 On motion of Dr. Rock, the minutes he
 I published in the North Star and Ram’s Horn.
 Curried.
 DANIEL LEE, Chairmen.
 A. M. Blahd, Secretary.*
 Me. Gioowue cm Slavery .—lt is said
 that Mr. Giddinga has prepared the following
 resolutions to be presented to the House the
 first opportunity:
 Resolved, That establishing this Re
 Cblie, its founders proclaimed their object tc
 to secure to those who live under the
 Executive jurisdiction of its laws the enjoy
 ment of lifr, liberty, and the pursuit of happi-
 Resolved, That it k the solemn duty of mil
 who administer this Government, or pertici
 pete in its legislation, to carry these objeeta
 into effect by excluding slavery from that por
 tion of our territory lying between Texas and
 the Rio Grande.
 Resolved, That to effect these objects, the
 line that separated Texas from the Mexican
 Stales of Tamaulipaa, Chihuahua and New
 Mexico, ought to pe immediately established.
 Slavery is Maryland —Curious Deci
 sion.—A curious question under the laws of
 Slivery has been decided in the Maryland
 Court of Appeals. Some time ago a wealthy
 gentlemen died, having by will given freedom
 to certain of his slaves. Tliere is a legacy
 duty payable in Maryland on all estates be
 qneathed by will, and the register of the Dis
 trict in which the gentleman resided claimed
 from the executors the amount of this duty on
 tbe apprised value of the manumitted slaves.
 The claim was resisted, on the ground that
 freedom to a slave is not such a legacy of es
 tate as is contemplated bjyh# law but the
 Court of Appeals has decided otherwise,
 bolding that the bequest of freedom to a slave
 —that is, if a man to himself—-is piecisely
 similar, in legal intent and effect, to the be
 quest of a slave to any other person. The
 executors, therefore, have been required to
 pay the duty.
 Singular Escape from Slavery.—Wil
 liam W. Brown writes to the Liberator that
 one of the most interesting cases of the es
 cape of fugitives from Slavery has just
 occiurred. He gives the following particu
 lars
 William and F.lien Crapt, man and wife,
 lived with different masters in the State of
 Georgia. Ellen is so near white that she can
 Eass without suspicion for a white woman.
 Eer husband is much darker. He is *a me
 chanic, and by woiking nights and Sundays,
 he laid up money enough to bring himself
 and his wife out of Slavery. Their plan was
 without precedent; and though novel, was
 the means of giving them their freedom.
 Ellen dressed in man's clothing, and passed
 as the master, while her husband passed as
 the servant. In this way they traveled from
 Georgia to Philadelphia. They are now out
 of the reach of the bloodhounds of the South.
 On their journey, they put up at the best
 hotels where they stopped. Neither of them
 can read or write; and Ellen, knowing that
 she would be called upon to write her name
 at the hotels, &amp;c. tied her right hand up as
 though it was lame, which proved of some
 service to her, as she was called upon several
 times at hotels to register” her name. In
 Charleston, S. C. they put up at the hotel
 which Gov. McDuffie and John C. Calhoun
 generally make their home; yet these distin
 guished advocates of the peculiar institution”
 say that the slaves cannot take care of them
 selves. They arrived in Philadelphia in four
 days from the time they started.”
 Daily Enterprise.”—We I have re
 ceived the two first numbers of this paper,
 published at Wheeling, (Ya.) The editor,
 we judge, is independent, from the following
 remarks on the subject of slavery. We know
 many a northern editor who dare not say as
 much. It is a sign of the good times com
 ing, when an editor in a slave State speaks
 out thus boldly :—Ohio Standard.
 1. We are anti-slavery, soul and body, now
 andforevei. We go against enslaving the
 body, enslaving the mind, the tongue, the
 press.
 2. If the question were to be decided lre
 tween perpetual bondage and immediate
 emancipation, we would choose the latter
 without hesitancy.
 3. We go for the abolition of slavery on
 the best plan for the slave's own benefit. That
 plan we could propose if necessary.
 4. We believe that it is a national evil, and
 an individual curse, and that in the aggregate
 the whites would be greater gainers than the
 slaves.
 6. We suppose the citizens of Wheeling
 have but little interest in the question, except
 as it affects their immediate interests, and
 aie in this respect prepared to discuss it
 themselves.
 Finally, if we are to be proscribed for sen
 timents like these, the sooner we get out of
 J this commonwealth the better. But we have
 j formed no such idea of the people of Western
 j Virginia. A few of the selfish and contract
 jed may condemn for opinion’s sake, but the
 most of them are too liberal to permit their
 minds to be thus biased.
 j The Great Light.—M. Le Motte, a
 Frenchman, has been experimenting on the
 i Great Western line with a new electric light,
 j which being attached to either end of a train,
 diffused its rays with such extraordinary brill
 j iancy as to render it visible for more than two
 miles through the thickest darkness of night.
 An interesting case was decided by
 Judge Watrona, of the United States Dis
 trict Court, sitting at Galveston. Thomas
 Toby sued David| Randon on two promissory
 notes, amounting to $3,600. The defendant
 contended that tbe money was oot justly due,
 as the property he received lor the notes were
 slaves, natives of Africa, who were brought
 through Cuba contrary to the laws of Spain,
 and taken to Texas in 1835, in violation of th#
 laws of Mexico. The plaintiff contended
 that at the time of the revolution, the negroes
 were held in slavery, their condition being
 fixed by the constitution of the Republic of
 Texas, of l?th March, 1846. The Judge
 sustained the plea of the defendant, and gave
 judgment in his favor.
 Universal Suffrage.—Of about thirty
 four millions inhabitants of France, eight mill
 ions voted for President at the late election.
 In this country at the last election there was
 not quite three millions.
 fTP Richard C#bden has given notice in
 the English House of Commons of his inten
 tion to introduce early in tbe next session a
 motion to settle future national disputes by ar
 bitration instead of war.
 PcaiT&gt;N OPROSITION TO BeaS-SAITINO.
 Macsuley, in his new history of England re
 marking on the Puritan character, uses this
 language —“The Puritans bated bear-baiting,
 not beeaose it gave pain to the bear, hot be
 cause it gsve pleasure to tbe spectators,”
 Calhoun’s Southern Address Adopted.
 —The Southern Convention met at Wash
 ington on Monday evening.
 Mr. Berrien’s Address was read.
 Mr. Mason of Virginia, opposed it. He
 said it was nothing mere than a petition— not
 a declaration of rights.
 Mr Foote of Mississippi, sustained Mr.
 Calhoun’s address.
 Mr. Berrien advocated its postponement to
 the 23d of February.
 AttCf ftR uußwico uiibiiMuon, wold! isfltfii
 until morning, the question wss put, snd Mr.
 Berrien’s address was negatived—yess 86,
 navs 33.
 Mr. Calhoun’s address was then adopted,
 yeas 38, nays !».—Mgraphtc dn/mtek to
 th* Evening fftrs.
Jam— Rwa,i Lowell im tmmi tmmkmr
 poem fro® the pro—; tb* third pse*ted publi
 cation of hri within —ijf mouths; Km
 Fable fin Critics, the Bigelow Paper*, mod
 now the Vision of Sir Launlal. His range of
 thought is nobly large and high, and his vari
 ety of style greater, we think, than that of
 sst other taring author. Hu wit is keen, his
 bo—or broad sod fine,* the happiest adaptation
 to the subject, and especially is he remarkable
 for the effectiveness which bunpreeares.—
 Some writers secure our admiratto for their
 productions as works of art; others bare the
 higher art of transferring their own great life
 into that of the reader. Lowell is eminently
 successful in both. But his highest praise is
 the devotion of his noble eerrnsp. He is ooc,
 and one of the best, of those poets who ars
 the ordained priests of the age; one of those
 flaming spirits—nt forth to minister to men in
 their highest practical interests kindling the
 life and shedding the light of their own iospi
 ralkm npon the great progress which human
 ity is making towards Its earthly destiny.—
 Tnere is enough in Lowell to admire and
 (Mai—, but there is something greater in him
 that refoses such homage as inadequate. Our
 very heart blesses him for the purity, and
 I beauty, and breadth of his manhood. —PhiUA
 Republic.
 Terrific Theory. Professor Silliman
 mentions the fact, that in boring the Artesian
 wells in Paris, the temperature of the earth
 increased at the rate of one degree for every
 fifty feet, towards the centre. Reasoning
 from causes known to exist, he says“ The
 whole interior portion of the earth, or, at
 least, a great pari of it, is an ocean of melted
 rock, agitated by violent winds, though 1
 dare not affirm it, is still rendered highly pro
 bable by the phenomena of volcanoes. The
 farts connected with their eruption have been
 ascertained and placed beyond a doubt. How,
 then, are they to be accounted for* The
 theory, prevalent some years since, that they
 are caused by the combustion of immenre
 coal beds, is perfectly puerile, and is entirely
 abandoned. All the coal in .the world could
 not afford fuel enough for a single capital
 exhibition of Vesuvius. We must look higher
 than this; and I have but little doubt that the
 whole rests on the action of electric and
 galvanic principles, which are constantly in
 operation in the earth/’
 Slavery in the District of Columbia.—
 The Mayor and Council of Washington City
 have petitioned Congress either to abolish
 directly, or empower them to abolish, the
 District Slave Trade. Maj. Gaines presented
 the memorial in the House.
 Mr. Clay in the Senate. —A despatch
 from Louisvillu, states that Mr. Clay has re
 ceived the nomination for 11. S. Senator, to
 succeed iCtr. Metcalf. A Baltimore despatch
 reports Mr. Clay at New Orleans, where,
 it is said, he will remain during the winter.
 Historical. —The history of Midas might
 be read just now with profit. That ancient
 gentleman being permitted to ask any favor of
 the gods he pleased, was cute enough to de
 mand that whatever he touched might be
 turned into gold. His piayer was granted,
 but when he found that even the meats he
 attempted to eat turned to gold in his mouth,
 he was sick of his bargain and begged the
 gods to take back their gift. Soon after this
 we find him sporting a pair of asses’ ears, all
 of which is very interesting.
 Cost of Imprisoning.—lt is stated that
 I the Clinton State Prison of New York cost
 the State last year 32,000 over the income
 from the labor of the convicts, or four dollars
 a week for each convict, over and above Jiis
 earnings.
 Married in Jail.—Charles Burton and
 Elizabeth Nichols, of Boston, were married
 in the Albany jail on the 15th. The bride
 groom is under sentence to the State Prison
 for two years, for horse stealing, and the
 bride is a pretty, intelligent and- respectable
 girl-
 Another Diving Bell.—A correspondent
 of the Easton, Pa. Sentinel, says that a
 company of gentlemen from Boston are now
 at w ork near Grand Menan, with an apparatus
 invented by a gentleman who belongs to Bos
 ton. The operator has to descend to the
 depth of one hundred and twenty feet from
 the surface, where he is enabled to remain
 one hour, or longer.
 Slaveholding in New-Jersey.—We un
 derstand that a State Convention is shortly to
 be held in our city, for the purpose of se
 curing the repeal of laws authorizing tempo
 rary residents to. hold slaves in this State, and
 requiring or authorizing our officers to assist
 in the arrest of persons claimed as fugitive
 slaves. This matter was brought before the
 Legislature at its last session, but the Judi
 cary Committee of the House reported ad
 versely to the petition, and consequently no
 aclion was had in relation to it.— Trenton
 News.
 Morals oe Slaveholding.—Col Wilson
 Sunderlin, of Memphis, Tcnn. recently died,
 leaving an estate of $150,000. He had two
 sets of children, somewhat after the fashion
 of many Southern gentleman, but in the clev
 erness of his heart he made them all share
 alike. An effort will be made to contest the
 will by some of the.heirs. —JY.JjT. Evang.
 Stampede Frustrated. —We learn that
 about forty negroes had made arrangements to
 leave their masters in Woodford county, ,on
 Saturday night last, hut the plot was dis
 covered just in time to defeat its execution.
 The negroes all had free passes. According
 to the plan of operations, each was to steal a
 horse and cross the Ohio river before day.
 They were betrayed by a negro to whom the
 plot was disclosed, and who was requested to
 join in it.
 Mr. Cobben, writing to the peace congress
 at Brussels, says the total armed force of
 Europe exclusive of national guards, police
 Ac., is 2.360,000 men, and total expense
 $200,000,000 sterling per annum.
 Intemperance Prevails to auch an extent
 m England and Wales, that one human being
 dies every nine minutes, or one and
 sixty every day of drunkenness. This Fact
 is stated on the authority of a late report to
 Parliament.
 The Gold Fever in the Sandwich
 Islands.—A letter from Hong Kong, dared
 Sept. 28th, published in the Salem Register,
 —ys that a vessel just arrived from the Sand
 wich Islands, reports them to be depopulated
 by the California Gold Fever, which had
 been raging there with such virulence as to
 carry off all the young men
 The same letter —ys that the Sandwich
 Island oaoere report a horrid massacre at the
 FegeesVabout the 15th April. No particu
 lars given. Two English men-of-war had
 gone there.
 The Ladies of Paris have quite a numbei
 of dobs mA secret societies. A Parisan pa
 per chronicles the fact, wiih many exeiama
 lion points Seventy-*** ladies sat down at
 secret party dinner recently, and nothing ha*
 transpired of the proceeding*. Seventy-six
 ladies koep a secret! this is one of the many
 carious developments the French Revolu
 tion.
 frp Why is a man closing a letter like a
 traveller! Because here* wafti T/fwayforer.]
 The author of th» eonu|#«iin, «ts said, h*
 dwappesred unde* mjappua carru—frro.
 The Editor of the St. Louis dsmopviiie
 has been fined for chopping wood a* unsea
 souabie boat*-
 Cholera. —We! are requested to stare tha
 Dr C Dvmcomir’* rare and preventive o!
 Cholera is for «fe pn-dpal Dm*
 Stores in lidWtr-
 Doc, 90.
Commercial
Roctimt. Fufe. I.lB#.
 Tire umtket far FW mam in an ieaettve *tat*’
 rnkm being Ihnifed fiaciiy nee. Yrmvdw we hewed
 •fa «fc of WR-bhb. at 9ft lf| Wheat fere
 reft* ia hhII qreoi'Oe* at ft 1101 14. Cor*
 miA 49 -o 44c. BMr hi rather wearer-, ami
 at 1401 ic. Bra—4 hog* are setting at fro* H*
 ft 100 cart; oaa lot «U at ft|. Tbtcanrenl pr*«
 «f other artieba farhrar.
 Roehcfttr Wlwlemle Pucci CuvciU
 LOUR tie MEAL-Dwt Bfcidnl
 Flour, 0 hhl ft 00
 Cora areal, 0 bosh 50
 PROVISIONS. —Duty; Beef. Pork,Ham*, Bacon,
 Batter and Lnrd, JO 0 e; Omw SO 0 c ad m)
 Pork, (acre) II 00
 Do. in bug 400 0 4 80
 Beef, mrt- 3 50 0 450
 Do. ML (aim) ?00 0 800
 Lard (tried) oft 0-8
 Do. (leaf,) 0..
 Ham?, (rmoked) ...70**8
 Shoelderr, do. ft 0.. 0
 Turkey* ofa 0
 Chicken* 0
 Potatoes, bush 38 50
 GRAIN —Duty; 20 P r ad nl
 Wheat, bush 1 06
 Corn 50 0 53
 Rye 0. 50
 Oats 26 27
 Barley ..50
 HIDES—Duty; 5 0 e ad ral
 Slaughter 3j
 Calf ..10
 Sheep Peh* 12$ 0 25
 SEEDS—Duty; Linseed 10 0e; Mustard 20 0
 e ad ral s
 Clover
 Timothy 125 0
 Flax 1 00
 FlSH—Duty on foreign caught; 20 0c ad vnl
 Wbitefish hhl 7 00
 Codfishrewt 850 1
 SUNDRIES—
 Sah, 0 bbl 1 25
 Apples, 0 bush .00
 Do. dried 0 75
 Eggs, 0 dot 10
 Beans, 0 bush 75 0 1 00
 Hay, 0 ton 10 00
 Hard wood
 Soft Wood
JOB PRINTING.
 THE NORtH STAR OFFICE, is furnished
 with new Job Type for tl*e execution of every
 description of Printing with neatness and despatch,
 at the lowest prices for cash, via:
 Hand-bills, Blanks, Bill-heads,
 Programmes, Circulars, Bills of Lading,
 Pamphlets, Cards, Labels, &amp;c.
 NARRATIVE OF THE LIFE OF FREDER
 ICK DOUGLASS, written by himself, to be
 had at this office, price 30 cents.
 Beef—Beef—Beef!
 A&amp; J. SHAW, Butchers, 3, Centre Market,
 beg to return their sincere thanks to the
 citizens of Rochester, for the liberal patronage be
 stowed upon tliem since tltey opened the above
 place. Moreover, it is their earnest desire, by
 strict attention to business, and keepiug always on
 hand an article of tlie first quality, to merit a still
 \furtlier extension of the patronage already so liber
 ally conferred upon them.
 N.B. They have at present on hand prize beef of
 die first quality, fed by Mr. Murdoch. Fanner,
 Sandycreek, Orleans County, N. Y.
 Cash Grocery and Provision Store.
 No. 133, Main street, corner of North street.
 JUST received a full assortment of new choice
 Groceries:
 15 hhds. sugar of various qualities
 16 bbls Stuar’ts crushed and coffee sugar
 8 hhds Molasses
 Stuart's syrup, a beautiful article for table use
 16 chests Imperial Old Hyaou and Young Hyson,
 and Black Tea* of superior quality.
 I I have as choice a lot of Teas as can be found in
 the city; pure fragrant Old Hyson, *u|ierior fresh
 1 selected Young Hyson, and extra black. Every
 I pound sold will be warranted.
 I Rice, Raisins, Fruit, Spices, and a variety of
 miscellaneous articles, too numerous to mention.
 Pork, Lard, and Hams,
 J Codfish, Mackerel, ice. &amp;c.
 My prices shall Ire as low as at any establishment
 in die city, as I purchase at the lowest rates i n the
 Eastern market, and sell for cash. Farmers, city
 families, and dealers are invited to call, examine
 and purchase, if tliey can make their purchases inu
 tually advantageous, as I trust they can.
 G. B. STEBBINS.
 j Rochester, Dec. 1,1.848. 3m49
 i
 Free Labor Groceries.
 [HAVE just received, and shall keep constantly
 on hand, a good assortment of
 Brown and White Sugars,
 Molasses, Rice, and Coffee,
 All die products of Free Labor. Tliose iii want of
 such goods are invited to purchase, and can lie as
 sured of the genuineness of the articles.
 G. B. STEBBINS,
 133, Main, corner of North street.
 Rochester, Dec. 1, 1848. 3m49
 CHARLES JONES, North Star lloose. No. 26,1
 North Street, between Fifth and Sixth, amt
 Market and Arch streets, Philadelphia.
 Strangers visiting the city wdl find die North
 Star House the most central, convenient ami com
 fortable House in Philadelphia.
 Philadelphia, Dec. 1, 1848. 3m49~
 New W atfh and Jewelry Store.
 JOHN KEDZIE having changed his partnership
 relations, has removed his Shop two doors
 North to No. 11, State Street, where he is |&gt;repared
 successfully to compete in the sale of an entire new
 Stock of Goods, consisting of Gold and Silver
 English, Anchor, Horizontal and Vertical Wairltes,
 Gobi Guard and Fob Chain*, Gold Seals and Keys,
 Gold and Silver Pencils, Spectacles ami Thimble*,
 Gobi Ear-Rings, Bracelets, and Finger-Rings—n
 good assortment, ebe-jp; a variety of Ladies’and
 Gentlemen’s Breast-Pin*, new style; double and
 single Hunting gold and plated Locket*, Gold Pens,
 best quality, silver and Shell Combs and Cases,
 Fine Cutlery, fac. far.
 Tie above and a variety of other desirable Goods
 usually kept in oar ImsineM, are offered on more ail- j
 vantage.ms terms than usual; aad it is particularly i
 desired that the goods should he exam i net I, ami
 prices ascertained, before purchasing elsewhere in
 tins market.
 We manufacture aud keep os band a good assort
 ment of Silver Spoons, w arranted as pure as Ame
 rican coin.
 Will also keep an assortment of Accordeon* and
 other Musical Instrument*, which wiH be sold very
 low.
 We intend to keep a good assortment of the be*!
 Bras* Eight-day, 30 hour, aad alarum Clocks, a* can
 he found in this city.—Call and see them.
 WATCH REPAIRING, faithfully done awfarar
 ranted by aa experienced workman.
 Farther particular* at No. 11 Stale Street.
 J. KEDZIE fa Co.
 P. B.—To the Farmers ia particular are would
 give notice, tint we have a variety of Barumrtet.
 which wiH give that knowledge of thr rtuutge* of the
 weather, so ae t»» be able to adopt bts leminere In it*
 rariauoas. Pldsse call and examine them, as every
 man ought to bare one.
 Sep. 19,1848. 6m.
 AUBURN mmd ROCHESTER
 RAIL-ROAD
 ON and after Monday 23d October the three Pam-
 eager Trams wifi he -imaged a* follows—
 Essrwtan. —To leave Rrefa-rter *1 7 a.W.,00
 a.*., and 4i r.n.
 Wa.atward.-_To leave Anireru at 2* 4
 a.a., and 4} r.n.
 No Train leave* Rochester Eastward oa Sunday
 as 11 a. or as 7| r.n.
 No 1 rasa leave* Antre-n Westward urn Sseder,at
 4| M.n., am «u Monday at 2| a.«.
 Oa aad after the Ist November, the fare between
 Rarheaeor aad Aoftma arid he £2 20 in fret etas*
 ears. Tickets willahu be sold ratitlimr the holder
 to a seat ia the Emignmt car. a,
 7J r. at redared pricer, to be udlided hereaf
 ter.
 Tbrae ltdua* are from Rerfremcr tn Syvnmre,!
 I tic* aad Albany uedy, goiag East. This tram is
 timed to raw to Aftnay ia 18 hoars from Rochester, j
 The other mo trains ate tuned a* re* there ia 14
 hoar* coca.
 Wfi, WILEY, ftnpr*iateadeat.
 Rochester, Oct,», 1818.
 ■alr-taUte* as* Drarf** il
 RmShw!*®’' EhW
Books, far.r«rSafe** the Arrt-ftsy»y
 Oerir v fa Ri«i*is« Rw©»*
 Heeand Story repnirte the Air»o:
 Narrative of Frederick Dnnghre*.
 Jonathan Walker.
 Portrait
 reply h&gt; **A*^
 Legion Liberty.
 Slavery d*o*tf*fo«l by re* effect mm W aware.
 Aire a rich variety of Fancy ami arefid articles
 made by the Imriie* 1 Aat i-81avery Society.
DR. A. CLARK,
 DENTAL SURGEON.
 I would respectfully iaform the rittarm of RorWan
 and mmanrliig rawsnr, that I have removed my
 office tmm No. 89 Smith** Arrade to are dwedbug
 house No. 92 Monroe Street.
 1 haokfai for past favors in the line of are profes
 sion, and flattering myself that I raa give perfect
 satisfaction to all who may favor me with their pa
 tronage. I would invite all thaw who are de
 sirous ofhaviag operations performeil on me teeth or
 of having teeth inserted to rail &lt;m are aad satisfy
 themselves.
 A. CLARK.
 N. B. All operation- |rerfi retired by me oa thr
 teeth aad Plate Work warranted,
 Rochester, Oct. 13,1848. tf.
kew rmr fictori.
 TIE subscriber takes this method to inform the
 ritisen* of Rochester and ricinity, that he has
 just established a Pump Factory, at number 224.
 Main street, where be will u happy to wait upoo all
 who may favor him with their patronage.
 Having had cnnshferaMe experience in his line nf
 business, be pledge* himself to fnmish as good an
 article, ami of as good material, as can be procured
 at anV other similar estaldishment in this city. His
 Pump* are furnished with either wood or lead pipe,
 as ntiv suit customers. He also smpplie*, to order,
 ererv description of Aquedurt Log*, or Lead Pipe.
 Tire subscriber a ill take pleasure in directing; such
 of his customers as may require the information, to
 competent workmen, who will attend to all calls for
 digging, drilling, or Idasting wells, promptly, ami at
 reasonable rates. All kind* of Pump* repaired to
 order.
 £3“ The above work will he furnished at the j
 lowest prices, for cash. Persons w ill do well to:
 give him a call before |mrcha-ing elsewhere.
 J. R. FELT.
 Rochester, July 14, 1848. 1y29
 New and Second-Hand Clothing,
 At 48, Exchange Street, Rochester.
 LLOYD SCOTT would most respectfully inform
 his friends and tlie Public generally, dial lie has
 constantly on hand an excellent assortment of New
 and Second Hand Clothing, such as Coats, Panta
 loons, Vests, far., with which he will supply
 Customers at tlie most reasonable Prices.
 L. S. desires also to inform the Public, that he
 attends to repairing ami renovating, which In- war
 rants to lie done at the cheapest rate, ami in tbe
 best ami neatest possible manner. His long experi
 ence in tlie business warrants him in assuring all
 who may patronize him, that bis w«rek shall lie done
 to their entire satisfaction.
 Rochester, July 14,1848.
TRIf.VKS t TRUNKS!
 THE first quality of article is to lie liad at LAING
 BOW ELL’S new Establishment, No. 59,
 State Street, Rocliester. Also a general assort
 ment of Valises, Travelling Bags, &amp;c., which are
 offered at the very lowest prices lor Cash.
 Carriage Trimming executed in the latest style
 and with tlirpatch, by J. T. Laing, at his old stand
 in State Street, opposite the Mansion House.
 J. T. L. having had extensive experience in tlie
 Eastern market*, hopes to give satisfaction to a
 generous public who shall favor him with their |ki
 tronage.
 Rochester, July 14,1848. 3m
POST AND WILLIS, Dealers in Drugs, Medi
 cines, Chemicals, Dye Stuff's, Paints, Varnish, j
 Oils, Glassware, Brushes, Perfumery, Daguerreotype
 Stoek, French and German Chemicals, Artists’
 Colors, Biushes and Canvass, Etlieriul Oil, Gold
 Leaf and Foil, &amp;c. fac.
 i&gt;. i.ig Agents for most of tlie celebrated Family
 and valuable Patent Medicines, and receiving tlie
 same directly from tlie Manufacturers or their Agents,
 they an? enabled to supply all orders at wholesale
 and retail, on the most favorable terms.
 Homcpoiiathic Books, Medicines, and Family
 Cases, with full directions. Only agents for West
 ern New York.
 Also, Sherwood’s Vibratory Magnetic Machines,
 yrith directions.
 Phosgene Gas; also F.tberial Oil and l-anip*, for
 burner' the one. Those wlw would consult eco
 n my md convenience are invited to examine these
 l mips. The attention of Country Merchants, Phy
 sicians, Families, ami others, wishing goods in tne
 abovp line, is requested at tlie APOTHECARIES’
 HALL, 4, Exchange Street.
FUR AMI SILK H.tfS,
 FARRINGTON PRICE, manufacturer and
 dealer in Fur and Silk Hats, Cloth and Fur
 Cap*, Ladies’ Furs and Trimmings, Buffalo Kola-*
 and an assortment of Hal Case*, Umbrellas, fat-.,
 &amp;c. fae., No. 2, St. Paul Street, Minerva Block.
 OT/* A usual supply of Buckskin Gloves and
 Mittens.
ROCHESTER SHOE AND LEATHER
 JOBBING HOUSE.
 THE .subscriber* at No. 22 State afreet, take plea-
 X sore in announcing to the |&gt;ttl4ic dial tliey have
 completed arrangements by w Inch they are enabled
 lo offer the most satisfactory inducements to all en
 gaged in the sale or manufacture of Boots and Shoes,
 to come to this market for a supply.
 Tliey are also offering on the most favorable terms,
 a large stock of Sole and Upper leather, Kip, Calf,
 and Morocco Skins, with a full assortment of Find
 ing, including Lasts, Pegs, fac. Dealer* will find it
 greatly to their interest to examine our slock before
 purchasing elsewhere.
 jylO SAGE fa PANCOST.
PRINTING PAPR AGENCY.
 WF. are Agent* for die Buffalo Paper Mill*,
 where Paper oft the best quality i* made from
 pure spring water, very white ami smooth. A sup
 ply of New* and Book Paper kept constantly for
 sale by us, at Mill prices, in large or -mall lids.
 Any size ami quality of Pa;ier not on hand, fur
 nished at short notice.
 Printers and others w ill do well to call ami exam
 ine the qualily an&lt;l price, at Xo.*6 Kxcitange «t.
 FISHER fa Co.
 jy2l Bookseller* and Publishers.
BOSTON ADVERTISEMENTS.
NEW BOOKS.
 FOR SALE at the Ami-Slavery Depository, 21,
 Cornhill—namely.
 The Liiieny Bell for 1848. A few copies remain.
 Life of Wifliam W. Brown, 2d Edition, with addi
 tional matter and new engraving t. Price, hound,
 374 cis; in paper covers, 25 cl*.
 Mr. Sbackford’* Appeal in regard to tire War with
 Mexico, 124 eta.
 Position and Duties of tire North, with regard to
 Slavery. By Andrew P. Peabody. 5 tt*.
 Six Months at Graefenhrtg. By llenry C. Wrialn.
 91J».
 Dick Crowning shield, the assassin, aad Zachary
 Taylor, the Soldier; the Difference betwrea
 them. By Henry C. Wright. 3 cts. •ingfe, 25
 ct*. per tUnen.
CLARKSON,
 LONDON EDITION—WITH PORTRAIT.
 A FEW more* mt CLARKSON’S HISTORY
 OF THE ABOLITION OF THE SLAVE
 TRADE, w*th prefatory remarks on tire *uliaenaßit
 ahoUtmn of Slavery; a Ireaotiful Lamina ediliaw,
 with a fine Portrait of the Author, drnre om steH,—«
 ls*A nhnrh could *A he imported fire Ire* than three
 dollar*, can he had at 21, CVrenhdJ, if afpkext fire
 iimneiltaielj at the verv few price of Oar. Dollar.
 r**b. Also, EI US.ILM ON CLARKSON, by
 Alexander at the redeem! price ot
 twelve aad a half cents.
MACON B. ALLEN, Attorney and Counsellor
 m law, Mvssnrhmatt* Block.
BOYS* CLOTHING.
 OAMI EL VMLSON, 19, Bmth fbrrm. hnrins
 Made recent addrekm* ia hi* mack, m rrnmili
 BOYS’ Cl//THING, AA read mater ad
 sad fa, and at tu cheap price,, as ran be obtmtred in
 the erty.
NEW ENGLAND NEIOND HAND
 CLOTHING STOHE.
 J I4a. 56, Laton Street, Bovtoh.
 OfIN WRIGHT luwps enretantly am tmmd
 great \*tm«% ml Haw and frrranl Hand tVthma
 •«W. LfSt.
 .Vatchre, and Sknm, fae.. exchaagrd for
 advaaetd «m w» kfad* of gomb.
 URRi &lt;me la tarn hmnfaad finflfin.
ISAAC H. SMOWDEI».f-fc.
HOME POR REFORMER*.
 r pHE MfbrrlW h»« rtre.ted to that aval, rearer
 -1 meat, aad central h.« t .mtAowre. No. 2| Cswtral
 fowl, where be will be meat happy to welrewaa warn*
 of fire Friend* of Reform, at reasoaabte rbarges
 Hr wisbre bis bare to be fire central aiaer a 1U»-
 toa, where the friewdeof Peace,Parity,
 Fredas, tbe Pnr ret, 4t.’.,«*y are tngetber.aad
 enjoy a ciiarfastabh aad qaret fewre.
 Central Court nww at 238 Washington street.
 Jf»HN M SFFAR.
 Boston, Ang, 21. 1848.
 rtOMAS P. SMITH, No. JP. Bnrttle Ste,-,.
 sign of the GoMe* Ball. New aad Srrrwd
 hand UetbiNr Stare.
Tlip Massirliisdls^iartfiifleTtev,
 on the first of
 bo wiatiaar il on tbe lit of March. Jare, aad
 nmi September. It «,ii «fe To red to tbe laterest
 •«f ao party or rluj, lew i&lt;. roaductor* will eadra
 vor to present an open and fa, r fielt! for the aarira
 ami dnreaasKWi of matter* peru u&gt; Pfebreopbr,
 rolttics. Literature, Rehgtoa, »od Haamasty.
 The fb&gt;«rew nil! lie romiueted by R. W. Emer
 son, The.*; T irker, aad J. Elliot Catot. *&lt;«me,l
 w several other gentfeaarn.
 Each number w»U contain ahuwt 129 pages, at tba
 ot |3i wsr, in advaare.
 Communications, *uh*rrt|ilina*. kc. sboaM Ire
 addressed to the Publisher*,
 COOLIDGK fa WILEY,
 12. Water Street, Boston
TJOBERT MORRIS, Jn., AtLsroey aad Coun-
 at law, Bra-vr’.- Huikiuig, State Street,
 Boston.
JOHN D. RF.VAI.F.ON. Hair Cmting Salooa,
 O ami Perfimrerv Emporium, 114, Black*tooe-«t.
XEH YOKR ADVERTISEMENTS.
1 ST PI BUSHED, ami for *ale at the oiice of
 »I of tl»e Anti Slavery Standard—
 The l,rgiou of I.ilierty ,‘an.l Force of Truth, 10th
 edition.
 Thi* work contain* about 23t&gt; page* of ckree
 reaibng; 360 eminent author it re*, ami about sixty
 illustrative engraving*. Price 37| ct«. in muslin,
 and 25 cent* in paper cover*. A veiy liberal di*-
 cttunl to tlmse wlto purchase a number of copies,
 riw* Condition, Intlnence, Right*, and A|tpeal of
 Women,front vanott* author*, 124 cents,
 letter to the l’eople of the United State*, touching
 the Matter of Slavery. By Theodore Parker.—
 pp. 120. Price 181 cent*.
 W nt. \V. Brown’* l-ectnre before tlie Female A S.
 Society of Salem, Mas*. Reported by H. M.
 I’arklmrst, Boston. —pp. 22. Price 5 rents.
TXTTLI.IAM S. POWELL, Sailor’s Home, 61,
 VV Cht&gt;rry Street.
 DR. J. M’CUNE SMITH, 93, West Broad
 way.
 T JINNINfiS, Snreeou-Dentist, 185, North
 -l Broadway.
JOSEPH C. HOLL\ Boot ami Shoe Maker,
 tJ No. 97, Craabery Street, Brooklyn.
 N.B. lb pairing neatK executetl at tlie shortest
 notice :um! on tlie most reasonable term*.
PHILIP a. HITE, Druggist, corner of Frank
 fort and Gold Street.
 GENTEEL BOARDING HOUSE.
 CHARLES HIGHGATK, would respectfully in
 form his friends ami tin- public, that he continue*
 to devote every attention to tho*e pleased to favor
 hi* home” with a call. The house is plea«aully
 located at 632 Broadwav, Albany.
 Feb. 18, JB4B.
WILLIAM RICH, Hair Dressing and Bathing
 Saloon, Troy House, Troy, New York.
 NEW PUBLICATIONS.
 WILL BE READY IN A FEW DAYS.
 Wai.kkr’s Arp's ai., with a brief sketch of
 his life Iw Henry Highland tfamet.
 Also, tVAK it’s .1 ddrexx tn the Slarex nf the fit
 ted States. This address watt rejected by (he Na
 tional Convention at Buffalo in 1843. The- edition
 is small, and those who desire copies w ill do well lo
 send in tlreir orders early.
 JUST PUBLISHED, n Lecture entitled The
 Past ani&gt; Present Condition or thk Color
 eh Rack, by Henry Highland Garnet.
 Published at Troy, N. Y. Orders attended to.
 April 28, Bm.
General Intelligence Office.
 GEO. W GOINES having o|rencd an E*tnhli*ii
 ineni at the Phii.aiim.phia Is«Tnur»,
 Iximhftrd Street, above Seventh, for tire purpose oi
 procuring imnest and faithful domestic* for tho*e
 who may require them, atul obtaining place* for
 *iH-h a* are qualified and in want thereof, begs leave
 to refer to the following named gemlerocn, wlm hive
 kindly permitted the owe of tlu ir name* a*
 KEgER U N C E
 Anorew M’Makiit Etliior of tl»e American Courier
 Uohert Morris, Editor of the lnrpiirer
 Jasper Harding, Publisher of the Inquirer
 Charles J. Peterson, Editor of Neal’* Gazette
 Tito*, B. Florence, Editor of Times and Kev-tone
 Roliert Howell, 88, Chesnut Street
 Hilliam J. Mullen, 278, Catltet ine Street.
 Philadelphia, Sept. 1, 1848. ly—36.
DR. D. J. PECK, Phy-irian and Surgeon, Plii
 ladelpliia Institute, Lombard Street, above
 Seventh. Iy_a6
FREE PRODUCE STORE.
 NEW GOODS just rerived, t.eneral reduction
 in prices.
 Fine 4-4 Prints, various style*.
 New style* of Print* of medium quality, u.-ttal width
 lure anti wi.le Pajier Muihus. Also Colored
 Cambric*.
 Curiam Calico. Superior fine Chmfz Umbrella*.
 Oil Ckrth*.
 Satinet* g,eel ami tin au. Al*o oa hand, moatiy at
 rethw-ed pricer, Gmghano, various qualities atui
 *tyle*.
 Fine ami beavy Shitting, Sheeting*, and Pillow
 Stuped Cambric*. Fine 6-4 Plaid Mretliu.
 Muslin de laiine, olam ami neatly figured, all woo I
 Linen.-, warranted free from,cotton.
 Hunnel* 4-4 good and price fow. C.inton flaanel*
 white and colored.
 Tal.le Diaper ami Cloth*, of different riyle*.
 Apron ami Furniture Cheek. Cdll. a, Hand Let chief*,
 tmum I wtlied PantalrwHi Mott-. AU-* Lure,,
 Dulling, far.
 Atnf foil! Done, fare atul treavy.
 Knilliag Cotton, varum* No*., bleached,foown.aml
 colored.
 while ami colored l otion l_r|.e. Abo,
 Refined la*af, Cru*tied, and pulverized Sugar.
 Brown Sugar, good ipulitv, of variott* grsni*
 Tlie whole *tock exclusively Free Labor tiood*
 to which the Soberriher w.aikl invite the attention
 r/ country merchant*, a* well as hi* friewd* ami tl»e
 puidic generally.
 Huch pam* is taken by the Manager* of tire Fiaa
 Produce A**oriatioa, to assirt the Subreriber to en
 large the assortment from time to time.
 GEORGE TAYI/IR
 V thwe.l e f Fifth nfi iCm-wt,.
 PhiLnielploa 2d un... I*l, 1848. gf
Free Labr
 M A w F Xr l American Free Pro.
 A f mm Fw
 bleached and tmAfencfrad, of tar fore qualities and
 bm»us», Ijtowu ami colored;
 Bird Eye Towel*; hfcvk and white Wmhiure;
 ITT Ticking, an ea-
 f alreo, Sto* kings, knitting Cotton,
 Order* fire GosaU, or fetter* destnng mfireiuatme,
 «»v be addreNretl u&gt; J. M.lfer Mrk.m, 31, North
 r ifth-*treet; Daniel L. Miifi i, Teatb-strrrt; uf Id
 J2ua*» Mcrft, No. 35, IWh A %ty.
 A large ami hnudanare a»«ueiM of Print* now
 oo hand.
Asti-Mat try OArr,
 No. 31, North fifth Street, Pk*bdctph*o.
 A FI U. &lt;A M.I
 m riNMMlh tm U-tml. w
 «MHlt u wtanrOsarMn
 3Uml l»*f1 St _
 All IrUrfa rrtaiwc "A**
 u, SAlrr Mrk~. 31, K.**
 THE HKIJIW'AEE ABOLmOfttST.
 APAI KK U U«a m»» I* im
 WOmHom, U the Amu-SUtai,
 Murirtf- ll »)IM»»«W*ll&gt;y IWlillw njl
 to. «»Jwi «Wt, M t Hawaii a*
 r««UK»&gt;*». t* IWQ twiwhi,, i.jH*.
 to «.ii *.l
 SSSSaffiSS*
