P oetty.
ForJbe North Slat.
 HONOR TO WHOM HONOR HI DUE.”
 Nm nnhip j
 U homage to hi* wrcwth-srasSTted Uw
 Cham in loudest tone* of joy.
 And land hi* ran* who lion Urt to destroy.
 Aad ahall we bow liefore’tkal Idool-oUw ed wreath.
 Or kfee the bond that rattn blight iad deaths
 That guilty hand, all drenched with human fore—
 t hall we, too, bow before it and adore!
 \o! If no mortal* honor e’er be dne.
 Tin to thoae Ngt»-*owfed ratarrs, firm nod true.
 Wan bald inviolate Heaven** rarred trw*t—
 Who dare, surrounded by their foe* tn stand
 And plead for thoae down-trodden in iht’dim.
 For freedom for oar own loved native load.
 For freedom* Ye*; though long the ltoo*»ed free,
 t'olomhia, deeper stain* now rest on thee.
 Than darken Algier.-’ dime of tyranny,
 rhy hanaer Koala o’er ocean’s farthest ware*.
 Proclaiming to all earth the land of slaves;
 lu gaudy fold* with bum:m blood are stained,
 The bondman'* life-blood by oppress**! drained.
 Are tbeae tlie color* of the brave and free?
 Let thone who groan in bondage answer tha*
 The ration bear* that flag which five* to me
 No heritage but chains ;md da very,
 The lath of torture, with it* rruel smart.
 A (Taction* blighted, and a broken beat t.
 Where arc my parent*! They in bond* liav* died
 I’ve seta my brother* severed from my bide,
 rhe call of human flesh-matt* to supply,
 In thia, the self-styled land of Liberty.
 Oh, who woahi madly greet with loud buzz*-.
 Tttat pirate flag, tlie flag of stripe* mid «nr*
 1 had a w ife who alirieked in agony,
 Torn from my arms, in Southern swamps to die;
 (Still iu my ear* ring* lout tlw fearful cry.)
 And I bad children, but all all arc gone
 And I am helping, fettered, and :ik»nc,
 If you would speak of freedom, or tlie irc&lt;-.
 Speak wltere (lie word ie not a mockery'
 But there are heart*, wc tliank tliee, Clod of Hea
 ven,
 Whom thou in mercy to mankind lust given.
 Who dare defy tlie proud oppressor'* power—
 Who ’neath a tyrant’* frown w ill never cower.
 They stand upright in rectitude of soul,
 And acorn the haughty Southron’s vile control:
 AU earth behold* them, a* they stand sublime.
 Wresting tlie monster from his throne of crime;
 Hurling those links, which harmless shall not fill.
 Till Freedom’s sacred rights are given to all;
 Tyrants! believe and tremble, tlie*e shall l»*
 The ministers of death lo slavery;
 Thete, through the power of truth and love, dm!l
 win
 A bloodless victory o’er tlie giant sin;
 They tower aloft, contending for the right.
 -No weapons wield save Truth’s resistless n ight;
 The friend* of slavery falter when they set
 Buell spirit* rise for &lt;*od ami Liberty,
 They dare for Heaven-born liberty contend,
 Abu own ihemselve* the injured F.tltiop’s friend
 They dare inquity iu (lower oppose,
 And plead for freedom midst its fiercest foes.
 Heaven speed the champions of the true a;ul g&lt;&gt;od,
 Who have the hydra in his den withstood;
 Theirs is tlie cause of Ciod and human right.
 Their armor Truth, invincible and bright.
 Lei Truth’s loud trumpet never cease its bbt-t,
 Till the dark sin it publishes lie past
 Until it sound the bondman’s jubilee,
 Re-echoed by the shouts of men made free.
 Shall we support a church dark -stained with blood,
 Oi guilty state that spills it a* a flood.
 To rear new altars to its demon-god,
 And scatter slavery’s withering curse abtra.l
 Never! from henceforth let our motto !»e.
 No union with the sin of slaveiy’
 A. L. B.
 \V kLLtKCTON, 0., Jan. 14, 1849.
 For the North m;ii
 TRUTH.
 Bt R. B. FORT| N.
 Holy guardian of the ever-onward soul-'
 Brilliant thou art 'mid the darkness
 That sinouds* the moral world. ’Ti* w ilh thy con
 'col
 Our existence hath its happiness;
 How like tlie sun appears each life-dispeusing ray,
 That from thv altars flame afar the happier day!
 Or a* dew descending from the azure skie*.
 Thou comht to woo (lie broken heait with love.
 As gentle and as noiseless ns tlie sighs
 That breeze-fanned lilies do waft above.
 Waking purer thoughts within the griel-totn breasi
 Aud calming rude passion's waves in perfect rest.
 Where hast thou not a lamp for man’s deliverance'
 The damp and lonely prison’s flighted cell
 Pieclndes tl ee not, nor can it* gloom from ilmief
 Tlie lustre of thy heaven-lit lieains dispel
 (like in dungeon dank and gorgeous palace hall,
 fitou mayest lie found, O Truth, solacing all.
 Thv dying martyr drinks deeply of the light,
 That lives within thy eternal beams,
 ini rOlgill can cloud hi* hallowed spirit bright—
 Not •’en tlie flaming altar-pyre gleams
 Around his shadeless brow a solitary feat,
 But calmer in hi* soul he grows as death draw
 n a
 Brightest in trial thy lovely form appears,
 Siicdding its -nothing influence around
 The weary in hi* sorrow, tlie captive iu hi* iesn&gt;
 Keeping to the ear and soul the sound
 Of coming freedom, of hope of'better day,
 And purity of joy that knoueth not decay.
 HifeTsvulf. Bucks Co. Pa. Jan. K.lSlh.
 From the .Nineteenth Century.
 A HYMN FOR THE PEOPLE.
 V CARLOS D. STUART.
 Up, lirothei up! the light begins
 Along the eastern sky,
 in promise ihat the night is past.
 And better days are nigh;
 A clarion voice rings o’er the hi!!*,
 The valleys catch tlie sound—
 And freedom i&gt; the stirring civ
 I la.l till* the world around!
 It pieice* through tlie fading gloom
 It* strength tlie peasant feel*—
 And old oppie««j a from its throt.r
 VA itit shame and ten or reels
 All men bit up u^ lr hearts and banns,
 More feat less and more free,
 And lot) I ring out the common shoot—
 No more we’ll h«ud the knee!
 From smithy-forge, from ftsherV cot.
 From plow* that break the fea,
 From iron looms, from smoking mine*
 From ships that cleave the tea—
 Owe voice unite*, and mightier
 Sweep* on, and ever on;
 The tyrant’* day, the vassal’* work.
 Are (one, forever gone!
 Up,brother*, up! and share the light,
 Rejoice, the day ha* come,
 When freedom decks the lowest shrine,
 And guard* the poorest home
 Rejoice, and pledge with strengtlieuiog tie*
 The raw-born heart and mtud
 To keep the boon, and pus it &lt;m
 To all of Muuan kind!
 that y* have broke at kflf ti*
 The thong and heavy chaio,
 Which neither age nos human strength
 Can bind y« with agaiu;
 Kejotot, and ewaar ye will pot trad
 Rot five tbs guerdon bade,
 Though gbsumag steel diepmes the way,
 And flame is oo your track
tfPEfcCJI Of J. It UIDIM ViM
 Hampshire, [Mr. Wilson.) I with How
 ever, to Add a few word* on this point
 I Am not aware that any committer o
 this House ever reported in favor o
 paying for slaves, until the first srssioi
 of the 27th Congress—being more that
 sixty five year* from the formation o
 the Government.
 In 1830, my predecessor, the Hon
 E. W hitteiaey, reported upon the cast
 of b rancis Larche. This wa** the caw
 alluded to by the gentleman from Soutt
 Carolina, [Mr. Burt.) I understood hin
 to sa&gt; that the slave ol Larrhe was no
 impressed.
 Mr. Burt.—Tin- gentleman is mis
 taken. The statement I made wav this
 that no case could be adduced in wide!
 a refusal to pay for a slave had beet
 made, on the ground that he is not pro
 petty, The gentleman i« totally mis
 taken.
 Mr. Giddings.—l certainly under
 stand the gentleman now and I refei
 particularly to the case of D*Auteriv&lt;
 which whs rejected on this nienticn
 point* The Committee say, in express
 language, that “slaves have nevei
 been placed on the tooting of property.'
 And they rejected the Haim di«*tinctlv
 on that point.
 But to return to the ca*c of Laic he
 The Committee on claims of the Sen
 ate (vide Rep. 11. it. 101, iH.sessior
 21 «t Cotigresa say in distinct language
 that “the cart, hoise, and negro mac
 Antoine, belonging to the petitioner,
 were impressed, and sent to ihe lines ol
 the Arnericnn army, oil the Jst day ol
 January, 1815, where the negro man
 was killed by a cannon hall lioni ihe
 j British batteries."
 The gentleman from South Carolina
 [Mr. Burt .assures u*thal In* was not
 impressed. 1 can hardly suppose that
 he was authorized thus distinctly in
 deny the accuracy of that report, in a
 matter of fact. However that may he.
 it is certain that the committee under
 stood that the man was impiessed.
 They therefore acted upon that hy
 pothesis, and with that belief the eom
 mitee unanimously repotted against the
 bill. No stronger ease can In* im
 agined. The horse, rail, and negro,
 were impressed, as the committee re
 ported and believed. The petitioner
 1 was paid for the property —that is. the
 I horse and cart —but the claim for the
 'slave was rejected. Vet, sir, they had
 not the advantages of kn wing the sen
 timents of the farmers of the Constitu
 tion which we possess. They were un
 conscious that the members of the Con
 vention declared, that “they ought t&lt;
 he careful tb give no sanction to sla
 very;’ 1 that they should do nothing by
 which “it could bo implied that slaves
 were property;” that it was wrong to
 admit that there could he property in
 man.” I repeat that to the best of my
 knowledge, (and I have bestowed much
 labor on the subject,) no report was
 made in lavor of paying for slaves from
 the public Treasury during the first
 half century which this governmenl
 'existed under the present Constitution.
 if wrong on any of these points, J
 ask gentlemen to correct me here, be
 fore the country. Let them expose mj
 errors, in the presence of this House
 where I can meet them; where, witt
 truth on my side, I stand prepared t&lt;
 defend my positions. Let gentlemei
 stand forth in this hall and meet mi
 facts and argument like men. liki
 statesmen, and not slink away in si
 lence, and then set their letter writer
 to assail me—to pour forth their miser
 able abuic upon myself. Why, sir
 suppose they destroy me, they wil
 leave my doctrines, my principles un
 touched. They will remain while eter
 nity shall last.
 But to resume the history of this sub
 ject: In the 27th Congress, the clain
 of Janies Watson for slave's was com
 i mitted to the Committee of claims, o
 j which 1 was chairman. The friend
 jof the claim, by some means, learnei
 i that the committee had always reportei
 j against the payment for slaves. The;
 i therefore obtained the transfer of tha
 case to the Committee on Indian At
 fairs who reported a bill to pay for th»
 slaves claimed by Watson. That re
 port, made seven years since, was tin
 first in favor of paying lor slaves a
 property, so far ns ray knowledge ex
 'tends, ever made to tli.s body. Du
 ring the same sessioif, a report Iron
 the Committee on Territories \va
 made of the “bill for the relief ot tin
 people of West Florida,” to which
 have already alluded, and which wa
 rejected by the House. _
 Mr. Burt.—Will the gentleman al
 low me the floor a moment:
 Mr. Giddings.—With pleasure.
 Mr. Burt.—l stated in iheCornmitte&lt;
 the other day, in reply to the interrog
 atorv of the gentleman from Ohio, ilia
 Mr. Whittclesey, in his report' oi
 Laic he’s case, quoted the report of On
 Senate. I stated further, that Mr. \N il
 Hants, to whom the gentleman Iron
 Ohio alluded, made a report in th&lt;
 Senate, on the ease ot Larche, sayin*
 that there was no evidence that tin
 slave had been impressed at all.
 •tated further, that I had examined tin
 Senate files in that case; and there ii
 no evidence there, except the deposi
 tions of one or two men. (in the absence
 of any order,; I hat he was impressed
 Mr. Giddings.—Here is the histori
 cal record, the documentary proof, or
 which we are bound to act. I ask tht
 gentleman from South Carolina if he
 intends to overthrow it by his sidebai
 testimony?
 Mr. Burt.—What is it:
 Mr. Giddings.—That this man wai
 impressed.
 Mr. Burt.—l df, sir. There is nc
 evidence of the fact.
 Mr. Giddings.—Then I leave the
 gentleman to take issue with the his
 tory. The Docuinentaiy evidence is,
 that this slave was impressed; that he
 was taken to the American lines, and
 was there “killed by a cannon shot from
 the enemy’s batteries.' 1
 At the period to which I was refer
 nng when interrupted, I Had been
 placed at the head of the Committee on
 claims bv the then Speaker of the
 j House, [Hon. Johu W hite, of Ken
 tucky, j of whom, though a slaveholder,
 I I can never speak except with pro
 found respect. There were at that
 time many claims for slaves before that
 (committee. It was then our settled
 policy to make no reports on those
 cases, lest we should stir up agitation
 on this delicate question
In this Hall, before the Howe. I wan
 interrogated by a slaveholder [Mr.
 \N ise, of Virginia j oe ibis select. I
 t was asked distinctly whether our com-
 I mittee would report in favor of paving
 'I lor slave*; I answered, that we would
 1 follow the established practice on that
 h subject. He replied, that my answer
 t was evasive, but that the established
 practice was not to pay for slaves. It
 'so happened, that on the ‘2lst March,
 I**4*2, I introduced certain resolutions
 declaring the rights of the people of
 the tree States to he exempt from the
 support of the slave trade. For this
 I was censured und driven from my
 seat. Another member war added to
 the f'ominilKe on Claims; and then,
 sir. during my absence, just eight day#
 after 1 left the committee, thiscase was
 urged u|xm the members, who were
 most of them inexperienced m their
 duties, and unacquainted with the
 precedents. I ielt- this Mall on the
 *J2d March, and »&gt;n the I &lt;4 day of April
 fallowing a hill was reported by a slave
 holding member of that ommittce, to
 pay for tills man Lewis. This was the
 first ca«e of the kind that ever receiv
 ed a favorable report from that paiti
 rular committee; and that report was
 obtained in the manner just slated. It
 wa-* in the sixty-seventh year of Ameri
 can independence, and the fifty-third
 of mu* Constitution. This is the histo
 i v of this subject, ami of this hill. It
 was reported seven years since by a
 \Vhig committee. We are. yet to see
 whether ihi* Mouse can lie induced to
 pass it.
 Sir, we have the power to overturn
 the practice of this body from its first
 formation; we may overthrow its estab
 lished and time-honored principles; we
 may defeat the objects of those who
 framed the Constitution; ue may sub
 vet t the essential elements of that
 sacred compact which we are sworn to
 t support; we may attempt to change
 the law of our existence—to deface the
 work of (»&lt;&gt;d. and declare his image to
 he property; we may do all this at the
 bidding of the slave power: we may
 humble ourselves in the presence o r
 those who hold the rod of terror over
 its: but there is a superior Power that
 will hold us to a strict account of our
 stewardship. Sir. the eyes of the
 people are upon us; they arc watching
 our actions. The concentrated rays
 of intelligence now brought to bear
 upon alt our doings, render it impossi
 ble for us to deceive them. No evasion,
 no subterfuge, will screen those who
 would render Northern freemen sub
 sidiary to the support of Southern slave
 ry.
 To' this day there has been in this
 Hall sufficient independence and pat
 riotism to reject all propositions of this
 humiliating character. As I have said,
 we arc now driven to legislate by South
 ern slaveholders, under the lash of the
 South.
 Mr. Burl. I hope the gentleman
 from Ohio will allow ine this opportuni
 ty to disclaim utterly and indignantly
 any such imputation.
 Mr. Giddings. Withdraw it, then.
 Mr. Burt. 1 venture to appeal to
 this whole Committee, who heard my
 remarks.
 Mr. Giddings. I thought, when the
 &gt;j gentleman said he would hold Northern
 i gentlemen to this point whether a slave
 was property “that he would leave
 5 no loophole for us to escape.” I thought
 it looked somewhat like the language
 i of intimidation; it smacked somewhat
 of the plantation, of the crack of the
 whip. I took it unkind in the gentle-
 I man from Connecticut, that, under such
 circumstances, he should attempt to
 stifle debate, to seal the lips of North
 ern men.
 This bill is pressed upon us at this
 particular time, when Southern men
 are holding Conventions, and manufac
 turing their usual mock thunder of
 i dissolving the Union, in consequence ol
 1 our agitation. We hear it rolling along
 I the heavens. It affords amusement to
 r our sehool-boys, who crack their jokes
 1 and sing ditties in regard to it.
 Sir, when l reflect that 1 am now
 constrained to sit in this Hall to legis
 late upon the price of human flesh as
 -&gt;pruperty, I feel humbled. Before the
 3 nation, before Heaven, I protest
 against this degradation. By what rule
 shall 1 arrive at the value of this man:
 1 He is said to he very intelligent and
 3 learned, reading and writing lour lan
 guages. In this respect he has, pro-
 L bably, few equals in this Hall. 1 mean
 no offence by this comparison, eithertc
 gentlemen now present, or to the negre
 who is absent. I regard the inoral
 qualities of a man as the proper criterion
 by which to graduate my respect. In
 i, this light, I know not whether the com
 parison be unjust to him or to those
 t who estimate his value at precisely a
 i thousand dollars. I would he as wil
 ling to enter into an inquiry as to the
 value of the body of the honorable
 i member reporting this bill, as I am te
 estimate the value of a man who, as a
 linguist, probably has not a dozer
 equals in this body. If we are U)
 judge of him by the report of the com
 mittee, if placed in this body, he might
 have reflected honor upon our country
 and our race. The splendor of has
 genius might have soared far above the
 grovelling intellects now engaged in
 figuring up his value in dollars and
 cents. His name might have been
 placed in future history betide that ol
 I Wirt, of Henry, of Burke, and of
 ’I Sheridan; or perhaps hit philanthropy
 might have placed him on the roll of
 fame with Adams and Wilberforce.
 j And yet we are now sitting here to in
 quire as to the value of this immortal
 mind, to estimate ita price in glitter
 ,ing dust.' My soul shrinks from the
 impious sacrilege with loathing and
 disgust. But this ethereal, immortal
 intellect, was bound in the chains ol
 bondage, shut out from that sphere ol
 usefulness and of action in which God
 designed it to move; and we are now
 asked to compensate this claimant for
 committing -this wrong to mankind, this
 crime against God. I am anxious to see
 how Northern members estimate their
 fellow men. W hat price do they put
 upon their constituents Let their rotes
 give the answer.
 On a former occasion 1 died the
 opinion of an eminent jurist (Jndge
 McLean) on this subject. In the cnee
 of Groves vs. Slaughter and others.
 (15 Peter.’• Jl*port4, 440.) (hi.
 non came distinctly before the Supreme
 Court ofthe United States. The Con
fititttHoa of Mississippi bod prohibited
 the introduction of tiers* into fhot
 Stale after a certain day. Sieves were
 token there and sold on o credit after
 the time allowed by the Constitution of
 that State. Sait Vos commenced on
 tho note given in consideration of tU
 slatea. The defence set up won, that
 the contract was illegal and void under
 the Conmitotion of that State, which
 prohibited the sale therein of slaves
 from without the Rate. The reply to
 this was, that slaves were property,
 and therefore the State of Miaetamppi
 had no power to prohibit their intro
 duction into the States, as the power to
 regulate commerce between the States
 belonged only to Congress. In de
 ciding the law, Judge McLean said
 By the laws ofcerta n States slaves
 are treated as pte&gt;perty; and the Con
 stitution of Mississippi prohibits their
 being brought into that State by citi
 xens of other States, for sale or as
 merchandise. Merchandise is a com
 prehensive term, and may include every
 article of traffic, whether foreign or
 domestic, which is properly embraced
 by a commercial regulation. But it
 slave* are considered in some of the
 States as merchandise, that cannot
 divest them of the leading and con
 trolling quality oT persons, by which
 they are designated in the Constitution.
 The character of the property is given
 thciq by the local law. This law is re
 spected, and ail rights under it are
 protected by the Federal authorities;
 but the Constitution acts upon slaves
 as persons, and not as property.*’
 But one member of that Court dis
 sented from these views. It may
 therefore be regarded as an authority,
 so far as the Judiciary arc concerned.
 '/'u cimchidfd n*i/ trtfl.
 NORTH CAROLINA.
 The House of Commons of Noyth
 Carolina passed on the :ld inst. streibg
 resolutions on the subject of slavery,
 by' an almost unanimous vote. The
 following are the proceedings as they
 appear in the Raleigh Standard:
 4 The question being on the
 passag#of the resolutions to their sec
 ond reading—
 Mr. Stanly asked to he excused from
 voting ftn the same, w hich was granted.
 Mr. H. C. Jones asked to b€ excused
 from voting on the 4th resolution,which
 the House refused.
 Mr. Jones then called for a division
 of the question, and moved that the vote
 he taken upon each resolution separ
 ately. The motion prevailed, and the
 question being on the passage of the
 first resolution in ihe following words,
 viz:
 Resolved, That the States came into
 the Union us equals; and that the citi
 zens of each State are entitled to equal
 rights, privileges and immunities, under
 the Constitution of the United States.
 It was determined in the affirmative
 unanimously.
 Resolved, That the proceedings ol
 the Convention by which the Federal
 Constitution was framed, clearly de
 monstrates that the Institution of Sla
 very was maturely considered; anc
 that the union of the States was finally
 secured by incorporating in that instru
 ment distinct and ample guarantees o
 the rights of the slaveholder.
 The question on the adoption of thi;
 resolution was also determined in th(
 affirmative unanimously.
 Resolved, That k we view with deej
 concern the constant aggressions on the
 rights of the slaveholder by jeertair
 reckless politicians of the North; ant
 that the recent proceeding s of Congress
 on the subject of slavery are fraugh
 with mischief, well calculated to disturl
 the peace of our country, and shouh
 call forth the earnest and prompt disap
 probation of every friend of the Union
 The question on this resolution was
 determined in the affirmative—Yeas
 107, Nays 2; Messrs. L&gt;. F. Daldwel
 and Campbell voting in the negative.
 Resolved, That the enactment of an}
 law by Congress which shall directlj
 or indirectly deprive the citizens of an}
 of the States of the light of emigrating
 with their slave property into any o
 the Territories of the United States
 and of exercising ownership of the
 same while in said Territories, will b«
 an act not only of gross injustice anc
 wrong, but the exercise of power con
 trary to the true meaning and spirit o
 the Constitution, arid never contem
 plated by the framers thereof.
 The question on the adoption of this
 resolution was determined in the affirm
 ative—yeas 89, nays 4. Messrs. D. F
 Caldwell, Campbell, Hargrove, anc
 Miller voted iq the negative.
 Mr. Rayner was understood to asl
 for a division of this question on thh
 resolution, and that the vote be firs
 taken on the first branch of the resolu
 tion, ending at the word ‘‘wrong;” bui
 the chair deciding that the resolutioc
 i was not divisible, the question was laker
 on the whole proposition.
 The following members present die
 not vote: Messrs. Allen, Blow, Beau.
 Biggs, Cherry, Doak, Hackney,Head
 en, Johnson, J. M. Leach, Palmer
 Rayner, Russell, Satterwaite, Skinner,
 Trull, sud J. M. Taylor.
 Resolved, That while we do not in
 tend hereby to be understood as con
 ceding that Congress has the powei
 under the Constitution to enact a law
 prohibiting slavery in any portion of th&lt;
 Territories of the United States; yet,
 for the sake of preserving the peace
 and promoting the perpetuity of tb&lt;
 Union, we are willing that the basis ol
 the Missouri Compromise should bt
 adopted in reference to the re rently
 acquired Territories of Mexico an&lt;j
 California, by extending the line then
 agreed upon to the Pacific Ocean.
 Resolved, That a copy of the tore
 going resolutions be signed by the
 Speakers of the Senate and House ol
 Commons, and forwarded to our Sena
 tors and Representatives in Congress,
 with a request that they be hid before
 their respective bodies.
 The vote on these resolutions was
 I taken jointly, and passed in the affirm
 ative—Yeas 101, Nays 3—D. F Cald
 well and CatnpMM voting in the neg
 ative.
 Gold or Oram.—A writer in Pen
 sylvania undertakes to prove that Solo
 mon obtained his gold for the temple
 from California—that that was the
 place called Ophir m the hook of
 kings He also thinks the Queen of
 "sheba came from that region.
f Vtrmn.
 IDE’S Pate* WM Caitivetor ud Wb Or»#J
 Plow. TV Farm** Wbfc at* hereby informed
 •hat Letter* Patent have been taken m* bj 'he
 wftfr for hit. trcM great impenVtm****
 »OWkw Bo«i&lt;At»»l* of Fl*t»&lt;** T »Vt°V
 so great ar
 or nmre. vSS« *ey &gt;a™ b I rr&gt;
 *«*J. ifov tatf art iW forlW
 I former'. thr following rertiSraie* (Him lie
 »nd pnrtinil town *hn*e
 attached. ahwrfantH
 CERTIFICATES.
 j Tbi* may certify that ere, dm SelmcHirte, foi**
 *ro ami nird the I'airni Wheel OAintur, imrMWa
 bj -\*THt* iDK. of Shelby, Or lee a* I'#., Nee
 ork, and believe it to hr, a* a labor-saving m*-
 cbtoe, one of the greniert improveawat* of the age.
 By it. a former ran pel in from ten to ifteee arm
 mure of wheat in a year, with the. mme ammnrt of
 team kilot; u caa aka w« it in amrk better order.
 By it alwi Canada thistle* and other iwxintn weed*
 may be totally extirpated. Said machine is to ron
 rtrorted that ft ran bp regulated to go a") depth, by
 mean* of sewwe on the upper part of tin* machine,
 ami thus either plow up the graded thoroughly, or
 ouiy ifmt brush Uie sarfere. Upon the whofo, we.
 think it tKi.fodi} the best machine ever interned for
 pulverizing the ground and facilitating the labor of
 the Fttfiwr, ami as such we* cheerfolly recommend it
 to .mr brother ttnaer*.
 J;unes H. Medley, Jamrs hie
 Kihw Nnuiun, John Stevens,
 Joiio C. Wheeler, Harm* Medley
 Gardner Bern. James P. Anderson,
 Shelby, April 23. 1848.
 We, the undersigned, purchased one of Nathan
 I tie's Patent Cultivators last Fall, anti found it
 answer die purpose so well, that we have this Spring
 made purchase of another. We can with this Plow
 prepare with two horses, eight acres of land per day
 for wheat, and it is murii better done than by the
 old plows; and the hind peered by this Cultivator
 i will vie Id 3 per sere wore.
 ELI CHtTRCII.
 Riga, June, ISIS. I&gt;ENNIS CHURCH.
 After these te-iiimxii.iU, the Sulweriber tleeins it
 unnecessary to enter into a long and elaborate ties.
 cription of the implement, with its Various modes of
 operation. To be fully appreciated, it must be seen
 and used. No farmer who folly understand* his
 interest will In- without one, as it is an invaluable
 implement.
 NATHAN IDE, Patentee.
 Slielby, Orleans Co N. Y., July 1848.
 IDE’S Patent Cultivator is manufactured by
 LEVI WF.LI.S, Buffalo Street, near the Bull’s
 Head, Rorhester, N. V., where farmers are invited
 o rail and examine for themselves.
 OWEN MORRIS’ CITY BINDERY
 LNDt R TH V UCSEUJI—Iate FISHER MORRIS.-
 MR. MORRIS was in die employ of Mr. Marcus
 Morse for seven years, and during that time
 procured for hiui three Silver Medals, for the liesl
 specimens of Book Binding, exhibited at the Me
 ichanics’ Fairs held in this city and Buffalo.
 I (ienflemen's Libraries fitted op and repaired
 I Music Paper ruled; Music and Periodicals bonne
 and bnislied to any pattern. Blank Account Book;
 executed at this establishment have given unequaliec
 satisfaction, by their durability and elegant e. Striei
 j attention is always paid to the quality of paper used
 to reader them equal to die best in the United Statei
 I or those imported.
 Indies’ Scrap and Guard Books, Albums am
 Portfolios, in all their varieties, manufactured t&lt;
 order in die best style.
 1 Banks, Institutions, Societies, &amp;r., may lx
 1 assured of w ork being done on the most advantageou:
 1 terms.
 j Gentlemen residing at a distance, by packing ant
 i forwarding volumes to the above directions, statinf
 price and style, may rely upon their being well bourn
 bit the most favorable terms, also carefully am
 punctually returned.
 N.B. proprietor lias spared no expense ii
 fitting up the establishment, and introducing inti
 Western New York die latest improvements ii
 Book Rinding.
 OWEN MORRIS,
 City Bindery, under the Museum.
 BRITISH PERIODICAL
 LITERATURE.

 SUBSCRIBE EARLY WHILE THE TERMS
 7 1 ARE LOW.
 REPUBLICATION OF
 1 The London Quarterly Review, The
 Edinburgh Review, The North Rnt
 j ish Review, The Westminster Review,
 1 and Blackwood's Edinburgh Maga
 zine.
 I
 l The alxive Periodicals are reprinted in New York.
 I immediately ou their arrival by the British steamers,
 in a beautiful clear type,on tine white paper, and
 are faithful copies of the originals, Blackwood’s
 i Magazine, lieing an exact fac-rimile of the Edinburg!
 edition.
 They embrace tlie views of the three great parties
 in England—Tory, Whig, and Radical. Black
 wood” and the London Quarterly” are Tory; tlx
 Edinburgh Review” Whig; and the Westmin
 ster Review” Radical. The North British Re
 -1 view is more of a religious character, having beet
 originally edited by Dr. Chalmers, and now, sine*
 iiis death, lieing conducted by bis son-in-law, I&gt;r
 Hanna, associated with Sir David Brewster. It.-
 literary character is of the very higliest order..
 i PRIC KS FOR 1848, (if SUBSCRIBED FOR EAKLV.'
 I For any one of the tour Reviews, IjJS 00 per annum
 1 j For any two do 5 00
 For any three do 700
 For all four of the Review s, 8 00
 For Blackwood’s Magazine, 3 00
 For Blackwood and the S Reviews, 9 00
 For Blackwood the 4 Reviews, 10 00
 Payment» to he made in all cases in adranc c
 CLUBBING.
 Four copies of any or ail tlie alrnve works w ill I
 seiit to oiR- address on payment of tlie regular .-ul
 scription for three—tlie fourth copy being gratis.
 EARLY COPIES.
 A late arrangement with tlie British publishers o
 Blackwood’s Magazine secures to us early sheets
 that work, hy which we xliail tie aide to place tin
 entire number in the hands of subscribers before any
 portion of it can t&gt;e reprinted in any of the American
 Journal*. For this ami other advantages secured in
 !our subscribers we |K\y so large a consideration, lh.it
 wc may lx* compelled to raise the price of the Maga
 zine. Therefore we re|x-at subscrifx* early wlule
 the price is low.”
 Remittances and cnmaamicalioax should be alw-ay
 addifssetl. (tost -paid or (ranked, to the publishers,
 LEONARD SCOTT it CO.
 70 Fulton siren, New York.
 I
 THE GIRARD LIFE INSURANCE, AN
 -INI ITY AND TRUST COMPANY of Ptofa
 deipbhi- Chartered in lSihi—Charter Perpetual;—
 Capital, §300,000 —Benjamin W. Richard-, Presi
 dent. Continues to make iusumno- on live*, grant
 annuities tuxi eml&gt;/w inents, and accept trusts front in
 dividiiaU. coqionte Ixxlie-. ainl CMirt* of juarice,
 and execute them agreeably In the &lt;k**iie U the par
 ties, amt receive deposits of ux-ory m uust or on
 i inten-rt.
 The Company *dd a Issw at -laird periori. to
 the iiumUKt lor lhe, ami oa the -’Orii oi January
 foM, an addition vra« mad to all (lie policies for lifo,
 remaining in f wre ami ivraed prior to January l*t,
 11842, amounting to 10 per xnit. on the nan iiwnred
 1 in poli&lt; U-s i-sued in 1837; 7g pereewi. on fiolirie*
 j i**oed in 1838. mxl in rateable proportion- acerx'ding
 to cheir i vsperti ve date*.
 Ibe ciwrtl object of an insurance for iifo i* to pro
 vide a stun of money at the death of die parjv invor
 ed, for the hearth of a widow, ehildreu, friend* or
 creditors; and u will he seen ou exan»iaa6oa of the
 I table of rate* of the lifo iusuraucc, which will be
 I furnished by the -übscriher to aU who may fowl aa
 interest m Lht subject, that by paving a small sum to
 i lh® office every year during hi* life, a person may »e
 cure to bis fiuoiiv a very roasideraiUe xmount at his
 decease.
 Wherever the n stem of Lifi- Insurance is prqperiy
 aaderttood, it i* extensively adopted, and it* great
 jadvaatagw to ati,bnt matt especialhr lo ttmae who
 dej*nd ou their owwaxartinu* for tne snpyimi mi their
 foaubes, or who may he desirious to secure the pay
 meat of a sum of mmsey to useir friend*, creditors or
 children, at their decease, which they might bn oth
 erwise mnble to wrocipfidj, that the opetalexaofthe
 ■Vsteta heed* taa to he expfoiiwd to en-iwe theaevi
 ou* esxist kratfoa of the public,
 j Iu several umtao-e* it fou happened that the part*
 lacured Im* died slmmly oiter Inv tag pas 4 only -ane
 or two iaeraiaseut of do antstm, wlsea hi* Hwilt
 here received from tfo- often the foil asnosnt for
 whwh he had imarM.
 i *»U informal uo tin. importnat suftugrt mb) hr
 •foamed by applying, personally nr hr Inter
 paid) at the oftre of thr soUrnher. the amfowUri
 4 dm Girard Lifo Inpaaasrr tiommm.
 WILLIAM BAkEWELL,
 Law Btstidtage,
 Grant street, Pitubnrgb.
 ;W 1 H r-m.sn
PRosMtrnm
 Aaerkaa Hnwliy*M* Jmtul.
 O. ft. roWIJI, IMTOK.
 r^rs&amp;ssS! E2£!
 ratuoLOGT s
 Evt aambii will eaataia either Ar analjM* »a«I t
 hwaliaa phewailcyirnl ImjJN, lUwtrrtrd by
 aa Engraving, «r an artical a* Amt eowttHwd*?
 ami iho the organisation and rhandrr of nm dis
 tingwiehid per-awnfi, Mtonpumd hjr a Hkmee*.
 miMLOtif
 Health i* Lift, Tha gnat i»w»i of talent vir- j
 tap aad happine-e, aA of which It angaimu. To ke
 ptraaroalioa aad.raatoratiuo, special iWfatka w»B be
 «i««a.
 MAGNETISM.
 With practial instruction, intemtiof fart*, aad
 choice truth* which it mtfolds, will he presented in
 this iotnaU.
 VOI’NG MEN.
 TV bkweinge they enjoy, the influence they can
 wield, ami their preparation for &lt;«w insti
 tution*, will form the thane of a eerie* of article*.
 SELF-IMPROVEMENT.
 Who doe* not long oarneetly, and would not strive
 awMaaiH, to cahirate hie' natural power*, tied
 render hansel! better and more happy I To mu h,
 each number will be a prompter and text-book.
 TERMS—utvariablv in advaare—ONK IM *1 1.-
 AR A YEAR.
 SAMPLE N EMBER 3 of this Journal will V
 sent GRATIS, whea desired.
 To receive attention, letter* am! ordrrs nui.-l la*
 POST-PAID, and directed to
 i FOWLER WEIJ-S.
 No 131 Nassau St. w York
TI'TLLIAM B. LOGAN, Dealer iu Fa4ii»n:il)lt
 W B«&lt;&gt;ty sum! Slioes, 80, Purchase Street, New
 Bedford.
 B. 1.. keeps constantly on hand a good assort*
 mem. and will sell cheap foe rash. Strict attention
 unid to custom-made work, by Messrs. Parker and
 Davis
 NORTHAMTTON_WATER CURE.
 Electricity and Hydropathy.
 rIF. public are respectfully informed, that since
 the philosophical deductions of the lea met I Dr.
 Means, of Emory College, Ga., and tliej scientitic
 &lt;\|X'iiuient* of Mr. Heinutei- of England,* liave
 recently and indubitably etrtaMished the fact, that
 the conclusions at which" Use undersigned arriveti by
 tl»e sense of touch, in 1844, are iu liarniony with
 natuntl and physiological laws—to wit, that the
 human body, in a healthy condition, is in a pont.rr
 elerfrical stale, and that the electrical emanations
 from the mticular surface, indicate health, or the
 symptoms aad character of disease—tliere is some
 i reason to hope, that certain physicians, ignorant of
 j these principles or natural laws, it knowledge ol
 t which is essential to the safe and intelligent practice
 i of (lie healing art, will cease their vociferations
 against die FoslTtvr. ei.ectricai. state of the
 I human body, and will hesitate to dissuade those
 whom they have failed to relieve of their complaints,
 from seeking nature's remedy at the iSor.THamp
 ton Water Cehe. Thus sustained by die light
 of science, the undersigned may be permitted here
 to repeat his experience, that, in all cases where tlw
 wrist, stomach, or longs, are in the electro-negative
 I condition, the patient is beyond the power of watei
 in afford relief. On the other liaiul, when tin* pans
 of the body alluded to, are in tlte electro-positive
 i state, however disarranged, there is ground to hope
 for a cure.
 Had not tlie results of past years’ practice
 already convinced the public of the safety or truth
 fulness of the principles hy w hich the undersigned it
 1 governed, in detecting tHc symptoms and rharactet
 I of disease, and practising liie cure, the recent scirn
 tilic demonstration of their correctness, by Professoi
 Means and Mr. Hemnier, could not fail to convinvi
 the most incredulous.
 Gratefully appreciating the credit so geueroush
 awarded for his success as a Hydropathic Bract i
 lioner, by a discerning public, and the gratitud*
 evinced bv those whom he has had the pleasure It
 relieve of their complaints, the undersigned wil
 assiduously endeavor to sustain the credit, and meri
 j that gratitude, in die case of every invalid who nun
 afford him an opportunity to effect a cure, by hi
 i original and philosophical method of practice.
 Tlte Northampton Water Cure is pleasantly situ
 j ated near Bensouville, on the west hank of Lickint
 Water, or Mill River, aliotit two and a half mil* s
 from the centre of the town. It is convenient!!
 I arranged, with separate parlors, bathiug ami dress"
 ing-rooms, for Ladies and Gentlemen, well' ventil
 -1 ated and conveniently furnished lodging rooms, am
 a variety of liatha, supplied with water, which, fin
 abundance, purity, and adaptedness to water-curt
 purposes, unsurpassed by that of any other esta
 i blishment in this country" Tlte scenery in this
 vicinity is picture sque and romantic There are a
 variety of pleasant walks, sufficiently retired, u
 I nllow water-cure patients to appear as* they should.
 I plainly dressed, enjoying tlieir rambles' witbom
 being excised to ptmlic gaze or observation
 Among the complaints which are here successfully
 treated, are lieadaclie, tendency of Mood toMie heacl,
 cold extremities, general and nervous debility, Mon
 rliitis, pulmonary affection, liver complaint, jaun
 dice, acute or chronic inflnruination of tlie bowels
 piles, dyspepsia, general debility, nervous and spinal
 affections, inflammatory ami chronic rheumatism,
 i neuralgia, sciatica, lame limits, paralysis,levers, sail
 rheum, scrofulous and erysipelas humors,
 j All patients who visit this establishment for
 i course of treatment, should furnish tiieinsehres w ith
 three comfortables, three woollen Mankets, ouc oi
 two linen and tltree cotton slieets, two pillow cases,
 I six or eight crash towels, some well worn linen. t&lt;
 cut for fomentations, an old cloak or mantle, an um
 brella, amt a pair of slippers.
 Terms for treatment and liourd are $5 50 tr
 $8 50 per week, payable weekly—washing extra
 A [Kitient who from choice or the character of hi.*
 complaint, occupies a room alone on the third floor
 i will pay *'B 00 per week—on tlie first ami seem
 floors, #8 50 jar week. Patients requiring extr;
 attention or fire iu their rooms, (except for swath
 lug purposes,) v\ ill furnish their own nurses and furl
 or pay an extra price.
 f&gt;. RtlGfll.FJL
 J \orthmnj4ou, Marrh 1848.
 N.B. Visitors to the Establishment, from tin
 east, west, or south, can take the cars of'the Conn
 River Railroad at Springfield. Carriage* wil
 always M in readiness at tlie Northampton depot, t&lt;
 .j convey them hither.
 Tlie human Mood, in a normal and healthy eon
 j dition of the human system, in in a positive state
 which is constantly maintained Ivy the activity of tin
 generating sources w ithin—an excess generally pa*
 ing off in silence from the caticular surface, to ttm
 out «*f 336 experiments made hy Mr. Hemmer o
 Eng bod, upon the uncovered skin,” 322 indicate*
 the presence of positive electrieity. This swrplusau'i
 of die fluid upon die surface, we believe to be nidi
 pie usable to the heahhful condition of the wlmh
 animal economy, and that when, from any ram**, ii
 ee diminished or ceases, diseased action eu-uts.’
 Geoaddress, delivered before the Medical foUege o
 t isSrgia, at the opening of its mutual session, N„v
 8, 1847, ly A. Means, A.M., M.D., Professor o
 Citron stry and Pharmacy, and Professor of Phv -ira
 Science m Emory College, Ua., page 25
i ATHOL WATER tERE,
 rE Subscriber begs hare to call tie attention
 of Invalids, Hpccnily those dferiaf fruit
 chronic m*aie, to hi&gt; hvrirufiaibic establishment in
 Athol, Mas*.
 Ilis h»ju«e was opened for tin* reception ofpatient
 b*t «vu». wad it is believed uO'tia exi client foci I*,
 ties for a philosophic and thorough «nurse in hydro
 pathy. The sepfdf of water i* abundant, and in
 P*"*y IWtoueeed equal to water on
 distilled.” The location is quite eligible, being hui
 a short distance from the V. L M. ra.lroad. Th«
 m a variety of i»ceoen, and ha,
 dutniut* grounds for walks and ran. We.. So that
 i ***h the sattr, suitable regimeo, mountain air, ud
 exercise, patients can scarcely frail lu obtain tht
 heahhfnl resoha for which the* labor.
 The foUMtiag case ißustratea this remark. Mrs.
 Bm w*fe of pea. 8., of Warwick, Maer., acetj
 v 0 Wr-irt year,, was brought to me n«i
 Her case presented the Mbwing phcoo.
 men*, U placed in an erect position, and kit uu
 supported, she forthwith fojf faeckward to th&lt;
 gretmd. If helm well supported, she made at
 enher font, when carried forward
 •espiie her rifart* to the contrary would crus* ths
 miter. She had been is this condition near ft i
 yett. Hertreetmft nnn tail! the lttbeffect
 and wascomwued Us the Ifch Oct. oely, when ,k*
 r fwww d as to be able to waft half 3
 mile wttßeaae. Mum* her smura to her femi*. ,h,
 Cmm m hMhs. with currenpuudmg w
 her health. She nnwMdsb.be.
 dsematw &lt;meies, and wiah dm aamstsaoeof a «&lt;eef
 firijdjmstha work *f her fomily.
 desiiwd to farieg three comfortable*
 iSTnl'SSs 'jßZfi/LZZ

 T"*** »y ymtitsdar in the seGfoao
 h mm
 j Athri, March, ISO. ttEORttE HOVT
rOVEBTV:
 IT* ILL£6Af. A!»D I&lt;KC*AI.
 CURE.
 IV GYR.tNPnr ftPOOSEft.
 The Album Patriot calk it—" A neat pamphlet o
 1*» pa***—a *er&gt; remarkable prodnctiOu M _
 M Whether kM lb* natiripntionn of M r Mpnoner
 would be reahted in the full adaption of hu u*oi
 W* do hot hen- Mop to empire hut we heartily co»-
 mead hia WM tea TOT la the not me of alt who Ut
 transparent forriljr diction-—intrepid independence _
 ors final thought—am! entire freedom from tie ram
 of »C* neper tv. Aea jadieial writer, he hn4 a depth
 a compos-, far beyond any one whow nrndcctrom
 hare met nor eye in a longtime.'*
 HhM’* Merchant'* Magatinr &lt;av&lt;—“ afawwit
 in bold aod original thoughts. The illegal none- of
 poverty ate -tated, am! :i ornnher of imp, taw
 MIMHM U-iirihf on the -uhjert bid down; and on
 •huh-. »e emmidw it a W'-rk well worth »tailyiiw~
 affording ae it doe* many valuable hint* tothe strife
 man and political economic.’’
 The Bangor l.mcruesaye—“ An aide and recta.a-
 K original work, from ihc jien of l.&gt; vimler &gt;o.kiih&gt;,
 Ew|.—nuthoi of that powerful book which denv.*,’
 strate* the amvmeiitMtmnnlity n|‘ American Mbren
 There in ve. writer of the u £r, of Icgicnl acumen w r
 searching than Hpon.ier.,’ This new work i«
 lined to lead to a rmevanunniion ol" all former
 teiu* ot polilirrii eromotiy At lir*l Uudi ki»
 mimical proposition* strike n» mi tn-irtinnlde—and
 they are so, his work will pit-rail, am! produce a.,
 important revolution in tin present |&gt;rrmiiiiy *w
 tent.
 Kerry one «honM re.id it
 HF.I.A MARSH, I'uLll iirr, Boston
 Part 1. Price 25 Cent?.
Hart's Vegetable Extract
 In (be only remedy that ru Le relied *.n f.w iW
 permanent cure of Spasmodic Contraction-, Irnu
 tion at' the Nerve*, NYrv*.*** «r Sick Headache
 Nervous Tmwm, Neuralgic AH*mom-, t.raeiu
 Debiliiv. IV-6cfenc\ of Ncivmt.- and Phv-ica! l’ m
 &lt;y, end all Nervous I&gt;i'*ndrn«, including the nio»!
 dreadful nil diHea«cx il.nt affect ibc Iniiitaa race
 Kfilefty, or Falling S,rirr^.~ HvMer leal Kit-*,
 Cumhim, Spmnn-, *r It i* well known, that
 from time immemorial, Physic tews h*ve pronounced
 Epileptic Fits incurable. It ha* Uutfe.i all tWn
 skill, and the boasted power of all medicine, ami
 rnnsequ* nliy thousands have sullemi through ami*-
 e cable existence, and at last yielded up their lives on
 the Altar of Insnrnty. —The proprietor of die Vrgei
 able Extract, liouever, feck* no delicacy in saving
 that it ran l»- cured, lie would, thereli.re, reaperi
 fully invite physician.-', ami all others \s|«&gt; are intn
 e.-ted, to examine ilie tosiiutom which in her*- orteiei:
 If it is deception, let it l.e exposed but if n i
 true, then in llie name of humanity, no longer let u
 be .-ant tluit Epilepsy is incnrahle.
 Hunt's Ytgrtttble Fjtruct —Kor sixteen yeui-.
 has U-en tested hv many persons who have »uffeis,|
 with this dreadful dmease, ami in every case where
 it has had a fair trial, lias effected a permanent
 cure.
 Col. Deaslow of Yonkers, New York, state- that
 his daughter lux been afflicted with Fite for uioie
 than nine years, amt has Wen cured l&gt;\ the n-e
 the Vegetable Extract.
 Mrs. J. Bratk-y, 115 Orchard street, New Yotk,
 states that she has been subject to Fits for mam
 'years, and lia- Wen restored to perfect health (atic",
 every oilier means had tailed) by die use of die
 Vegetable Extract.
 Dr. Charles A. Brown, of Dover, Russell co.,
 Aliilmiua, who is one ot the test Physicians in die
 State, says that la- has Wen much Wnefitted by the
 use ot the Vegetable Extract, and tluit he unliesitat*
 inglv prescribes it in every case of Epilepsy which
 comes under his know ledge.
 Curtis (l. MayWrry, Esq., formerly Postmaster
 at I .into Mills, Craw tord Co., Pa., noiv living in
 Erie Co., Pa., state* tint ibr many yarn past he
 ha* Wen sorely afllirted w ith Fits, and he is now
 happy to state that a persevering u-e of Dr. Unit'.
 Vegetable Extract, ha* rest arid him to sound health.
 Wing entiidv fieed from that worst of all diseases
 Judge Randall, N. Lib I lent v sheet, New York,
 having used the Vegetable Extinct successfully in
 his family, highly recommend- it to all persons who
 are afflicted with Fits.
 M. Stephen K. Piatt, corner of Sixth Averts
 and Twenty-Sixth -treet, New York, states that
 Mr. lias, ft. Houghton, a member of his family has
 been so severely afflicted witli Epileptic Fits for
 many years, that ho was obliged to relinquish in*
 business. Having used Pr. Unit's Vegetable F\-
 tract (says Mr. Pratt,) he was soon restored iu
 perfect health, and left this city tor die Stale
 Ohio to resume Ids business.
 Rev. Air. .Smith, Rector of St. Peters Church,
 Spotxwood, New Jersey, who has Wen afflicted
 w ith Epileptic Fits for more than forty \ears, slate,
 that lie has used Dr. Hart’s Vegetable Extract, and
 his health has Wen so much improved that he hopes
 by Divine blessing, to have no more Fits.
 Kjalrptic Fits. —For twenty-seven years and six
 months, cured by the mm- of this truly wonderful
 medicine.
 Read die following rrraukable case of the son of
 YN m. .Secure, Esq, of Philadelphia, afflicted wild
 Epileptic Fits twenty-.-even \enrs and six mondi-.
 After travelling through England, Srothnd, Hoi
 many and Frame, consul ling die most eminent
 physicians, gnd exp* tiding for medicine, medical
 treatment and advice three tlmiisnud dollar-, reuirm il
 with his son to ibis country in NovemWr last., with
 out receiving any Wm lit wlialever, and wax cured
 by "sing Hurt's Vrgrinhle Krtrnct. —l have spent
 over three thousand dollars for medicine null medical
 attendance. I was advised to take a tom to F.u
 rope with him which I did. I fir-t visimd England,
 I consulted die inoxi eminent physician* dim- in
 resiiect to his case; tWy examined him and prescri
 be*! accordingly. I remained tWre three inoml..
 without perceiving anv change for the Wtter, which
 cost me about two hundred ami (illy dollars, pock
 eted by the physicians, and die nm-t that I received
 was i In- 1 r opinion dim mv son ease was I tore le
 arn I POSITIVELY IN( I lUWLK. I aceWdiogly
 left England travelled through Scotland, Herman*
 ami France, ami returned home i n the month of
 November last, with my soil as iar from Wingctirt-J
 as when I left, I miv your advertisement in one oi
 Ihe New York pnpei*, aud concluded to try Hart’.
 .getabfe Extract, string your statement* uml
 certifidftrs of so many cur*-*, some of twentv and
 thirty vrars shuffling, mid 1 rm n-eurr yon I am n.a
 sorry I d it! so, as by die iwe of llnrts Vegetable
 Extract alone l.e wa- restere.l to PEUFF.t I
 HEAL I 11. His reason, which wns so far gone a- in
 until him for Imsim-s* i- entirely restore.l, with die
 pros|sct now Wlbte him qf life, iuarldr ami uwmi.
 ness. He is now- 2H years of age, ami 27 years b
 months of this tine ha- l*-«» afflicted with du.
 most dreadful of diseases, Iml thank Hod is now
 enjoying good health.
 Now, sir, faith wiifenit works I don’t Wlieve
 in. To -ay I dmII be ever grateful Ui you is oiw
 thing,and as I Wre enclose vmioae hundred dohai
 1 have no doota bnr you will think this another aid
 quite a ilifterenl thing. The deU &gt;.i gratitude I sidl
 owe you; but plea**- accept this amount inter* i
 on d***lefit iu advance.
 Your*, reiy respect ftdiy,
 (signed) WILLIAM KF.CORE.
 TESTIMONY' I PON TF.STIMONY
 In refi-ience to du- almost miraculous effl* ary „l
 do* truly wmefeiful medicine, rend tf*e folkm.w
 feller frotn Dr. U L. Monroe, of tifflllbrd Ok.
 •me *.t die most eminent pliysfeiam, j n dmi ,*la. e
 p, Aner.st 17, IRto
 P.rotWr hilsner in iW cause «.f Imimniiir—De u
 sir. llti- with no*., mil degree of bk-a-uire dm* I
 H ‘••monme to Vmi ihecomplete t,i.,m, U
 «t your mvalualife meowiue hi c», a„i Epm-wv. I
 have preseriWd it in t&lt;*ir imlances in du* vn iniu
 and it mis lieen highly s«cres s fn| |,i a!». 'I !,,re
 dw- paiieuu, I t/iui, kue l*oeu tadicall. cm*
 ry. w «-apidly immoving, and Mnl, I
 withrmt (k.iilit rer-over. I am i»&gt;i In tW habit
 oi pnrieribmg or recomiueodinK p-aieM madirMir,,
 but when I -ee an .nth fe alia h prumisee m* umu'li
 lor the relief of *t#ri»r bumauitv, 1 feel iny dolt
 Y* recim—end it. Bod 1 have liehatiin eu s
 mg that a* -non a* tile (acuity a* fully WiimfllM.-.t
 with the real met&gt;t of yoor iwsfirim-, tWv will
 rftme iWw eyes agamai prejwfwe ai id fen.! 4
 febim hand.
 I vwMcrile mvvlf vourr, sincerely,
 {Signed) W. L. MO!«ftbE. M f)
 To Ikr. S. Haul, New York.
 THE TIME IS SOT FAR DISTANT
 »Y Wu thousand* who are Wrm trewWfej mo.&lt;.
 Ihe hand of this ilrtadM *i*v* c,
 re Wi and U re. meed to eew ufe, U iL, T
 rcfetxatrsl medirirtr ***"6
 WER ONE THOI’tA.YI) CEWI ICaTLm
 Isuh «f A* IfewWlc
 b 01 Yeget*-
 HART York
 JZJii ‘isdz!i ,mui
 rn
 •♦rnrsl Agent. t*r the l «UcJ
 t f
 New ?ortT ail Wf lj( Fu| w %»d \Y'iU.a-.N*.
 P* nJttSKm Wrier,
 S* street Ruialo,
 Agew. IU HWeW Oh.u,
 r»* It Kdiboerue,
 H. Rfarblrr, ind CeJIl. lamia Mo
 rnoina a uii*s! ic u...
 **P- 2.-1) |Ki Cm&lt;aiMmi4ok.e:
