FREDERICK DOUGLAS**,
 M R. DELANY, J F.dito*».
VOL. 11. NO. 7.
The NORTH STAR Is p*hU*he* ever?
 Friday, ai No. 25, Buffalo Street,
 ((Jpfmitr thr Arcmi»i
 TERMS.
 Two n«H annum, altrjys m odronr*. N'l
 •ii&gt;»rri|Xion will le iw*iY*rl f&lt;x r,n ,a 1
 «i\ month'.
 not rxc~Ai** to" "T"*”
 tlnee tin*-' fi* A4U.; errry nwr
 lion, twenty-five »^n&gt;«
 Tm ,*jrri ,*lhe North Stan *H\ be
 HurtM in all iu form- an-! a.lr.^tr
 11KIV Kll* A L EMANCIPATION; exalt the Kian-lar.l
 of Pori |C Moramtt promote file nwral aixf in
 tellectual ,m,&gt;fovc«r&gt;.l of tie Colo«kd Pr.ori.t;
 ami h~t«. the «lay of FREEDOM to the 1 HR EE
 Millions of owr Enslaved Fellow Coon
 trvnkm.
 PUBLISHER'S NOTICES.
 {0- All co«HNUiiieaiion« r**aliii&lt; to the ituwtw
 miftrTM of tie nnpet, nAn«*« ol MMCr«W*t rt'iuit-
 Unres, kc., sAiUI le ailtlrwed to John I&gt;ICK,
 Publisher.
 (0* Agents, an.l all others sending nan**,_are
 equested to le accural**, and give the cW yffu**
 he County, and the Stnt'. Each Sul*cril**r is im
 mediately credited for money received.
 {o* Any person sending in the payment for lour
 tuberrilere, to le f.irwanletl to one address, may
 have a fifth copy for one year.
 All letters ami communications must le post
 paid.
 LIST OF AGENTS.
 Massachusetts.-R. F. Wah-ntt, 21, Conihdl,
 Boston; Nathan Johnson, New Bedford; Horatio W
 Foster, Lowell; James N. Buffum, Lynn; George
 Evans, Worcester Bonn* Spooner, Plnwnoh;
 Chute* H. Seth, Springfield David Kuggles,
 Northampton; H. Carpenter, Upton.
 Maine. —Oliver Dennett, Portland.
 x Vermont. —Rowland T. Robinson^ North Fer
 r* Con NECTlCtJT.—Jonathan Leonard, New Haven
 New Hampshire.— Weare rappan Bradford.
 NK w York. —Sv«in p v H. Gay, 142, Nassau
 Street; James McCuiie Smith, 93, West Broadway;
 Joseph Post, Westburv, Queen County; Mary Har
 |H,r aHkuiv Elias Do’tv, Maredon; Wilk*tt« Keene,
 [vr!i, Clinton C&lt;mntv; William S. Baltimore, Trov;
 J. F. Platt, Penn Van; J. Jeffrey, Geneva; E. L.
 Platt, Bath.
 Rhode Island. Amaranrv Paine, Providence.
 Pennsylvania. —J. M. M*Kim,3l, North Fifth
 Street, Philadelphia; G. W. Goines, 8, Exchange
 Place, Ditto; B. Bown,Pittsburgh; Wm. Whipper,
 Columbia; Isaac Roberts, Jacob L. Faxon, Norris
 town, Montgomery County, Milo A. Townsend,
 New Brighton.
 Ohio.— Christian Donaldson, Cincinnati; Wat
 son and Gaines, Ditto; Valentine Nicholson, Har
 veysliurgh, Warren Co.; Samuel Brooke, Salem.
 Michigan.—Rol»ert Banks, Detroit.
 Indiana. —JoelP. Davis, Economy, Wayne Co
Jolla of our timersarics.
 NOTHING BUT SLAVERY.
 Among those who participated in the
 discussion on Mr. Golfs resolution, in
 Congress, for the abolition of the
 slavetrade in the District of Columbia,
 was Mr. Sawyer, of Ohio. He said:
 f l have listened to gentlemen who
 have discussed this question. Is *it
 possible that no other question but that
 of slavery can be debated? Look at
 the situation of affairs. On your cal
 endar there are seven hundred private
 bills, and thousands of petitions are
 coming in daily. There is, in addition,
 a hundred or so of laws to be acted on;
 but from morning till night nothing is
 talked of without having negroes and
 negro slavery introduced. I appeal to
 the good sense of the House and the
 patriotism of the country, and ask them
 to abandon this infamous means of le
 gislation. (Ha! ha! ha!) We ought
 at some time to get rid of it. What do
 my constituents care about the subject?
 There are other questions of more im
 portance; and yet we are spending our
 time, day after day, arguing an ab
 stract question. It appears that cer
 tain gentlemen embarrass us in our le
 gislation. My constituents understand
 these things very well, and they never
 ask me about them unless there is
 something practical. The session is
 half out, and there is a large amount of
 business before us. The people are
 suffering. You hear a voice of warn
 ing. The Cholera is approaching.
 (Ha! ha! ha!— You’ll laugh the other
 way, if it catches you.’) It may soon
 be in our neighborhood. You can’t
 keep Congress together if it comes. I
 ask gentlemen to take into considera
 tion these matters, and proceed to
 business, and leave negro slavery to
 the people themselves. Our constitu
 ents did not send us here for such pur
 posess. How is it with my constituents?
 There are other questions which involve
 their interests much more than this.
 What are they It reminds me of an
 anecdote of a little hoy who went to a
 neighboring woman to get a patch put
 on his pantaloons, (Ha! ha!) The boy
 resembled the boy in the slashes, going
 o mill, with bis streamer behind in the
 breeze? The woman asked, Why
 does not your mother mend your panta
 loons?’ Why,’ he said, she is mak
 ing up clothing to send to the Greeks.’
 ha! ha!) Attend to your own
 households, and then attend to the
 Greeks. I have constituents, and not
 a tear is shed for them. Around them
 the banks are breaking, and there is
 not a word of sympathy. Let us go
 to work and have a tariff on a proper
 basis, so as not to make the wealthy
 richer to the detriment of the poor; and
 not to tolerate the banking system,
 which cuts the throats of nine-tenths
 for the advantage of the few. Let us
 not be led away by the tgtttt fatu an of
 negroes. The Greeks are at your
 door, as John Randolph once said.
 Legislate for free whites first, and then
 i wi be time eitougii to let your sym
 pathies rm, for the black population. I
 repeat, that the course which we are
 now pursuing, tends to degrade us and
 the character of this House. When
 thousands of honest claims are pressing
 onus, we are consuming the time in
 disgraceful scenes. ask Mr
 Speaker, how we can get c b. ar J thi#
 Can it be by moving to lay on the table
 to indefinitely postpone, or what?
 Move the previous i
 demand it, and won’t withdraw. (‘Hold
 on to it.’
 South Carolina Apprehensions.
 The South Carolinian, published at the
THE NORTH STAR.
seat of government of the Palmetto
 State, says:
 YVe care not for the bluster of all
 abolitionists from the St. Lawrence to
 Mason and Dixon's line—we ware not
 for their fanatical ravings, so long as
 the alaveholding States present an un
 broken front at home. We are not of
 those who would fear for the safety of
 the institution, even if an over-riding
 and lawless majority of Congress were
 to pass direct enactments for*its imme
 diate abolition, if there were no shrink
 ing and heretical morbidity of feeling
 among certain schools of politicians'
 and classes of individuals, scattered
 everywhere throughout the Southern
 country. But so it is—we soon will
 have all our enemies abroad to combat,
 and will be compelled to strictly watch
 intestinal traitors to the very land which
 gives them bread to eat.”
Selections.
SPEECH OF MR. J. R. GIDDINGB
 On the Ml to pay the heirs of Antonio Pacheco
 for a slave sent west of the Mississippi with
 the Si mi note Indians in 183 ft.
 [cONCLI'DfcD. J
 If the doctrine contended for by the
 friends of this bill be correct, if slaves
 be property, slave markets may be
 opened in Boston, and Massachusetts
 will have no power to prohibit there the
 revolting scenes which are witnessed in
 this city. If the doctrine contended
 for- by Southern men be correct, no
 State can exclude slave markets from
 its territory, or consecrate its soil to
 freedom. It well becomes Southern
 gentlemen to examine this subject be
 fore they base themselves upon the
 principle that slaves are property. Let
 that be established, and Congress will
 have power to prohibit the internal
 slave trade at its pleasure.
 I now proceed to another branch of
 the case. With great propriety the
 gentleman from New Hampshire in
 quired, at what time the liability of
 Government to pay for this slave com
 menced? The question has not been
 answered, nor do I think it can be
 answered. The undertaking was
 hazardous in the highest degree. The
 troops werejall killed but two or three,
 by the enemy, and those were sup
 posed to be dead. This man alone
 escaped unhurt. This danger was
 foreseen, and the master put a price
 upon the services to compare with the
 risk. Did this contract bind the Gov
 ernment to pay for the master’s loss,
 admitting the slave to have been pro
 perty? Was it any part of the com
 pact that the Government should
 insure the property? It strikes me that
 no lawyer would answer in the affirma
 tive. The law of bailment is surely
 understood by every tyro in the pro
 fession. The bailee for hire is bound
 ,to exercise the same degree of care
 over the property that careful men
 ordinarily take of their own property.
 If, then, the property be lost, the owner
 sustains such loss. Now conceding
 this man to be property, the Govern
 ment would not have been liable, had
 he run away, or been killed by accident,
 or died of sickness. Yet, sir, when
 property is lost or destroyed by the act
 of God or by the common enemy of the
 country, no bailee is ever holden re
 sponsible—not even common carriers,
 and that is the highest species of bail
 ment. Had this officer, acting on his
 own responsibility, agreed to take the
 negro through the country for hire,
 (admitting the man to have been pro
 perty, and governed by the same rules
 i of law as though he had been a mule or
 an ass,) and he had been captured by
 the enemy, no law would have held
 such bailee liable. But, sir, an entire
 ly different rule prevails where the
 owner of a chattel lets it to a bailee for
 wages. Had this man been a mule or
 an ass, and the officer hired him of the
 owner for wages, to ride through the
 country, or to work in a team, or in
 any other manner, and he had been
 captured by the enemy, the bailee
 would not have been liable, upon any
 rule of law or of justice; nor would be
 have been liable if lost in any other
 manner, except by neglect of the
 bailee.
 The gentleman from South Carolina
 [Mr. Burt] said he would place this
 case upon strictly legal principles.—
 Sir, I meet the gentleman on that prop
 osition. I, too, for the sake of the ar
 gument, am willing to submit it on prin
 ciples of law; and I believe that no
 jurist, or even justice of the peace,
 I would hesitate to reject the claim on
 j those grounds. All must admit that the
 liability of the Government concerning
 this man ceased when he was captured
 by the enemy; up to this point the
 Government was not liable. I under
 stood the author of this bill [Mr. Burt]
 to argue, however, that we become
 liable under the contract of bailment.—
 That contract was ended when the man
 was captured. The claimant then failed
 to perform his part of it. The stipula
 tion on the part of the master was, that
 the negro should pilot the troops from
 Fort Brooke to Fort King, the place of
 their destination, at the rate of twenty
 five dollars per month. He was cap
 tured when only half the distance was
 accomplished. Here the master ceased
 to perforin his compact; it was beyond
 his pqwer to do 80 The contract then
 ceaseo to exist; and from that time forth
 the claimant had no demand on us,
 either in equity or in law.
 I now enter upon another vifw of
 this cue. I* i» shown, by the testimony
 of Gen. Jessup, that this man was sup
 posed to have kept up an understanding
 with the enemy, from the time he united
 with Dade’s command until the massa
 cre ot that unfortunate batallion that
 while he wu with the enemy, which
right is of no sex—troth is of no color-god is the father of os all, and all we are brethren.
was more than two years, he united in
 committing depredations upon the fron
 tier settlement*; in short, that he was
 one of the enemy Our army was sent
 there to protect this claimant, and his
 wife, and children, and neighbors,
 ‘against this very man, who, in com
 pany with others, murdered the people
 of Florida, and destroyed their pro
 perty. This expenditure of blood and
 treasure by the United Sates, was oc
 casioned in part by this very negro for
 whom the master now claims compen
 sation. With his extraordinary intelli
 gence, with a knowledge of the wrongs
 which he and his people had suffered at
 the hands of those who claimed them
 as property, he must have thirsted for
 vengeance. He could no at
 tachment, no reaped people at
 whose hands he had received nothing
 but abuse and degradation. It was
 natural that he should have sought re
 venge; and it was natural that his
 master should become his victim, if
 within iiis power. But our army was
 sent there to protect the people against
 their slaves who were with the Indians,
 and their effective allies. It was under
 these circumstances that Lewis was
 captured, with other enemies. General
 Jessup says that he would have tried
 and hanged him, if he could have found
 time. This, under martial law, he
 might have done. And the gentleman
 who reported this bill, admitted that in
 such case this claim would never have
 been presented. Suppose he had been
 slain in battle: I think we should never
 have heard of this claim. But why had
 General Jessup a right to hang him?—
 Because he was an enemy, dangerous
 to the people and to the Government.
 But who will for a moment hesitate to
 say that he had the same power, yea,
 greater power to send him out of the
 neighborhood, than he had to slay him
 in battle or to hang him. Humanity
 surely would dictate that he should be
 sent out of the neighborhood, ‘'rather
 than his life should be sacrificed. Has
 the claimant’s loss been greater'than it
 would have been had the negro been
 slain or hanged? Not at all. He had
 been taken in arms —had committed de
 predations upon the people; he had oc
 casioned much loss of blood and treas
 ure to the nation. Could Gen. Jessup
 have left him in Florida consistently
 with his duty I think not.
 Here another important question
 arises. Had the claimant right to keep
 an enemy so dangerous within any civ
 ilized community Is there a member
 of this body who will rise in his place
 and assert that any master possesses
 the right to retain such a foe on his
 plantation? Has any man a right to
 keep a rabid dog, or other animal, and
 suffer him to go at large in the com-,
 munity I am now arguing the legal
 question. I am considering this man
 as property, the same as though he
 were a mule or an ass. And I lay it
 down as clear and indisputable law,that
 had such mule or ass killed the people,
 and destroyed their property, as this
 man has done, any member of the com
 munity might either haye shot him, or
 chased him out of the neighborhood
 with impunity.
 I therefore meet the gentleman who
 reported this bill on every point in
 volved in this case, legal, equitable,
 or constitutional, and I can*find no
 merits in it.
 But, sir, as I am for the moment
 engaged in a legal examination of the
 case, I desire to follow it a little further.
 This man was guilty of treason against
 the United States, or he was an enemy
 to our Government. I think it doubtful
 whether slaves can commit treason, as
 they owe no allegiance to our Govern
 ment. But if he was not a traitor, he
 was surely an enemy to the country.—
 Now, sir, whether traitor or enemy,
 and the master, knowing the fact, “had
 harbored him,” “adhered to him,” or
 given him aid and comfort,” would not
 the master have been guilty of the i
 crime of misprision of treason against
 the United States, and punishable under
 our laws? Of this I think there is no
 doubt. And yet we are called upon to
 pay him a thousand dollars for taking
 away a man thus dangerous to himself
 who, if he had remained with him,
 would probably have subjected him. to
 the gallows. Let gentlemen reflect
 and vote as men—as intelligent states
 men.
 Another question arises in this case,
 which, to me, is equally fatal to this
 claim. A state of war existed. Gen.
 Jessup was the commanding officer in
 Florida. He was the agent of the gov
 ernment; and whatever the Govern
 -1 ment might do to insure the safety of
 the people, their agent for the time be
 ing could accomplish under the martial
 law. By the term “martial law,” 1
 mean the war power, which is the most
 dangerous, the most indefinite, the most
 unlimited, exercised among nations. 1
 do not refer to the rules and articles of
 war, but to that vague, indefinite, un
 definable power which knows no limits.
 It is that power which, in time of war,
 may do anything in the power of man
 to accomplish; may command any sac
 rifice of the people, or of any portion
 of them, in order to secure the safety
 of the Government, and of the subjects
 generally. It is that power which au
 thorizes the military commander, in
 short, to do whatever he deems neces
 sary tor the security of the public; by
 which suspected men were arrested and
 imprisoned in Connecticut and New
 York during tbs Revolution; by which
 others were ordered to leave the coun
 try; and by which others were shot
 down, their dwellings burned, and their
 estates confiscated. It is the power
 exercised in Sooth Carolina, during the
 Revolution, by Sumpter and by Marion
 and their compatriots. It was by virtue
 of this power that Jackson, at Naw
 Orleans, suspended the writ of habeas
ROCHESTER, N. Y., FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 9, 1849,
corpus—adjourned the Legislature ol
 Louisiana—ordered old men and boys
 not liable to do military duty by law,
 on to the lines, to defend the city—seal
 all foreigners out of the city, as he re
 garded them as dangerous, as this max
 was supposed to be—suffered no com
 munication between the city and coun
 try—ordered a portion of the slaves
 also into service, and sent the others
 back into the interior. Many of those
 slaves were killed, but we have at all
 times refused to pay for them. Bui
 does any one deny these unlimited pow
 ers? Not at all. If General Jackson
 had the' right to send freemen and
 slaves away from the scene of danger,
 had not Gen. Jessup the same power?
 Most assuredly he had. But the best
 illustration of"this tremendMfes power is
 said to have occurred at Fort Erie, at
 the time the British attacked i‘. in 1814.
 A lieutenant commanded* a picquet
 guard &amp;t the west of the fort, perhaps
 a mile distant. A beautiful plain ex
 tends in that direction some half or
 three-fourths of a mile, bounded by a
 dense forest. He was posted in this
 forest. As the British coluthn ad
 vanced, the brave lieutenant, with his
 little band, retreated in front of them,
 keeping up his fire in gallant style, in
 order to retard their progres, and give
 notice to our men in the fort, and time
 for them to prepare to receive the ene
 my. An officer who had command of a
 heavy park of artillery on that wing of
 the fort, am the British column emerged
 from thffe forest, and he saw its force,
 opened a tremendous fire upon it. Our
 little guard and their brave commander
 were directly between the fort and the
 advancing column of the British army.
 They of course fell beneath the
 fire that cut down the hostile column.
 As the story is related, Gen. Brown
 was informed of the fact, and sent per
 emptory orders to the officer to cease
 his fire. To this order he paid no at
 tention, but kept up such a shower of
 grape and cannister, that the British
 column was broken and scattered before
 it reached the fort, so that not a man
 scaled its wails. But the whole of our
 picquet guard, with their commander,
 were sacrificed; not a man survived.
 For this conduct the officer wss ar
 rested, and, on trial, showed, conclu
 sively that the sacrifice of our own
 guard of thirty men was necessary to
 save the fort and those in it. They,
 sir, were freemen. Their lives were
 surrendered for the safety of the army.
 These five Southern gentleman who re
 ported this bill now insist that the wid T
 ows and orphan children of those men
 shall contribute a portion of their sub
 stance to pay for a Southern slave, who,
 for the safety of his own master as well
 as others, was sent out of the neigh
 borhood. If there-be a Northern man
 in this body willing to lend his vote to
 conspmmate such an insult to the honor
 of the free States, let him stand forth
 and avow it. Were it not chilling to
 the heart of humanity, I would give
 another illustration of this indefinite
 and unlimited power. I refer to the
 execution of those lads on board the
 sloop of war Somers, a few years
 since, when several midshipmen and
 apprentices were hanged by order of a
 lieutenant, without trial, in order to se
 cure the safety of the ship and crew.—
 Shall we now tax the fathers and broth
 ers of those young men to pay for this
 slave?
 But, sir, to come more immediately
 to the present case before us, I refer
 gentlemen to the Southampton riots in
 1832. The newspapers of that day in
 formed us that slaves, and indeed col
 ored freemen were shot down in the
 streets, others sent to prison, and oth
 ers sent out of the neighborhood.—
 Shall Northern men be taxed to pay for
 them? Certainly, if you pass this bill,
 we must expect to open the treasury to
 the slaveholders in all these and in ten
 thousand other cases. By virtue of
 this same power exercised at South
 ampton, General Jessup, in ofdct* to
 secure the safety of the people
 rida, sent this man Lewis with the In
 dians west of the Mississippi; and now
 the master, instead of paying the ex
 pense of arresting this man—instead of
 refunding to this government and to the
 people of Florida the losses he has oc
 casioned by bringing this slave among
 them—instead of paying for the pro
 perty this man destroyed, he comes
 here and demands that we should pay
 him a thousand dollars for preventing
 Lewis from killing more people ;ud
 destroying more properly.
 I have now stated my own views in
 regard to the powers of Gen. Jessup to
 send this man out of the neighborhood
 If he possessed these powers to deal
 with him as with any other enemy, no
 man will urge that we are in law or
 justice bound to pay for him. Admit
 ting, however, for tbe sake of the ar
 gument, that General Jessup had no
 right to deal with him as an enemy, but
 that be was bound, under the order of
 the War Department, to deliver him
 over as a slave; that be disobeyed this
 order, and sent him west upon his own
 responsibility, »nd in violation of his
 doty; in such case, I ask, is there a
 member on this floor who for a moment
 would suppose the people bound to pay
 for a slave taken by General Jessup, in
 of bhi duty, mid of pomtive
 orders from the W ar Department.
 Every member must be aware that
 the rule* which cootrol a public agent
 are the same as those which govern in
 private life. Snppo** I empiojr a m-n
 to act as my ■K® While he con
 iines himdfclf to the business on which
 he is authorized to act, I am bound in
 law and to justice by bis contract
 Suppose I employ my friend on my nghl
 to go and purchase a horse for me: he
 indies a contract for tbe horse in my
 name* lam bound by it, and mart per
 form k But nppeM be porebue
j farm in my name; no man would sup
 pose me obligated for a moment to take
 the farm.
 Military officers are the agents of
 Government, to do all things pertaining
 to their office, and which come within
 the line of their duties. Gen. Jessup
 was an agent to send out of Florida all
 enemies of the country; but he was
 not our agent to send the friends of
 Government west of the Mississippi.—
 j If he has done so, the act is bis, not
 ours. It was unauthorized, and he
 i alone is liable. Now, I understand the
 gentleman from South Carolina [Mr.
 Burt] to urge that he was an enemy,
 i and dangerous to the country. I admit
 i the fact, and say that he sbould be
 treated as an enemy. But if he were
 not an enemy, then there is no claim on
 the Government.
 i But the committee are not content
 1 with urging that he was ail enemy to
 the country, and dangerous. They
 suddenly change the argument, and say
 that he was taken for pubile use. An
 enemy to the nation is taken for public
 use! Well, sir, the argument is in
 genious. It never found a place in the
 mind of Grotius or Puffendorf, or of
 any writer upon the law of nations or
 the rights of government. But the
 point was adopted by the argument of
 the gentleman from South Carolina,and
 perhaps I ought to notice it. For what
 use was he taken? To what use was
 he applied? The .gentleman admits the
 right to shoot or to hang him. Would
 not this have been as much a taking
 for public use” as it was to banish him?
 The use of sending him out of the
 country was the preservation of the
 lives and property of the people. That
 would have keen equally attained by
 shooting or hanging the negro. But
 the reply to this is, He was property.
 Well, I repeat, suppose he had been a
 rabid dog or a vicious mule, killing
 people and destroying their property,
 and General Jessup had shot or chased
 him out of the country, to prevent him
 from killing his master or others, would
 the Government have been liable? I
 will not argue this point further.
 Again: it is said that, by the act of
 hiring, we admitted the slave to be pro
 perty, and that the Government is.
 now estopped from denying that fact.—!
 We are bound to treat all
 on this floor with respect. But to sup
 pose that this obscure lieutenant, who,
 perhaps, never read a commentary on
 the Constitution, and who, I dare say,
 never dreamed that he was affecting, or
 doing anything to affect, our rights or
 our duties; I say? that to suppose his
 acts would estop Congress from main
 taining the Constitution, or that such
 acts would have any weight whatever
 with this body, is a proposition which I
 will not detain the House to examine.
 He was our agent for the purpose of
 doing his military duty; but we never
 authorized him to legislate for us, or to
 give construction to our constitutional
 rights. Why, sir, I may hire out my
 son, or apprentice, or my hired servant;
 but would that be an admission that
 they were my property? Or suppose I
 should agree that the gentleman from
 South Carolina [Mr. Burt] attend the
 Speaker to st given place: does that
 imply that I hold him a 3 property
 No, sir; the only fact implied is, that I
 have a right to receive the wages when
 the labor or duty is performed, accord
 ing to my contract. In this case, the
 claimant agreed that Lewis should ac
 company the troops, and the officer
 agreed to pay the master twenty-five
 dollars per month. The claimant might
 have made the same arrangement in
 regard to any freeman as he did in re
 gard to Lewis; and when the labor was
 performed, he would have the same
 right to the money. But, in such case,
 would the Government be obligated to
 pay him for the body of such freeman
 No doubt the obligations would rest up
 on the hirer that now rest on the Gov
 ernment, and no more.
 But the gentleman from South Caro
 lina [Mr. Burt] says, that the act of
 1815, levying direct taxes, recognizes
 slaves as property. That law provides,
 that such law shall constitute a lien
 upon the real estate and upon all staves
 of individuals upon whom said tax shall
 be assessed.” My presumption ft, that
 this bill was drawn by some Southern
 man, who did not reflect that slaves
 were less property under the Federal
 Constitution than they were under the
 laws of the slave States. The gentle
 man does not pretend that, at the pas
 sage of that law, the question whether
 slaves were persons or property was
 i raised, or discussed, or thought of. I
 need not say that a kill passed sub si
 lentio constitutes no precedent. In our
 I courts of justice, the judge takes no
 notice of questions not made by the
 parties, nor do the proceedings of a
 court form any authority on points not
 raised nor discussed by counsel, nor‘
 examined by the court.
 The case of Depeyrter, to which I
 referred, was a stronger case than that
 of the law of 1815. My friend from
 Pennsylvania, [Mr. Dickey,] as well as
 myself, stated that that case passed
 when no one knew it.. I knew that my
 lamented frtqnd (Mr. Adams) and my
 self both intended to oppose its pas
 i aage, and we were both watching it;
 but it got through when we were un
 conscious of it. Does any man—l will
 not say lawyer—suppose that its pas
 sage constitutes any precedent showing
 (that slaves are property? Yet this law
 of 1815, so far as wo know, received
 no more attention (or at least that part
 of it relating to slaves) than did the act
 for the relief of Depeyster. It can
 therefore constitute no precedent.
 Tbe force of a precedent consists in
 tbe respect which we pay to tbe judg
 ment of n former Congress. It is
 tlwrsfbn necessary, to give the prece
 dent any force whatever, that tbe jndg-
roent of the tribunal should have bee
 exercised upon the question, whether i
 be a judicial or legislative precedent.—
 1 Thus, in each case that I have cited
 as precedents, either in this House o
 committees, the questions now unde
 j consideration were discussed, and de
 liberation had, and a judgment givei
 1 upon the point before us. Now, sir
 let me say, with all due respect t&lt;
 Southern gentlemen, that I challenge
 them to produce an instance in
 this House, or the Supreme Court o
 the United States, or any respectabb
 i court of any free State, has decide*
 slaves to be property under the Fed
 eral Constitution, in any case when
 that question has been raised, or ex
 amined. I desire to see gentlemei
 come to a definite issue on this subject
 I wish to meet them fairly and distinct
 ly. They must admit that the framers
 of the Constitution intended to exclude
 from that instrument the idea that thert
 could be property in man. To thal
 point I intend to hold them. And I call
 upon them to meet the record of Mr.
 Madison, to which I have referred.—
 Let them deny that record, or carry out
 the intentions of tho framers of that in
 strument.
 The- gentleman from South Carolina
 [Mr. Burt] says he “should like tc
 know what was contemplated by that
 clause in the Constitution which stipu
 lates for the surrender of fugitive
 slaves, unless it be. that their owners
 hold property in them?” I answer,
 that clause means just what it says. Il
 i gives to the holder of sdaves the righl
 I to pursue and recapture them in a free
 State, precisely as it gives me the righl
 to pursue and retake my apprentice ot
 my son in any State to which he ms)
 escape. It no more admits the slave tc
 be property, than it admits the appren
 tice or the minor to be property. lan
 tired of hearing this clause of the Con
 stitution quoted to prove almost every
 doctrine advanced by Southern men. Its
 provisions are of the most plain and ob
 vious character. It merely provides for
 the recapture and return of slaves, and
 nothing more.
 But my hour has nearly expired.—
 My constituents hold slavery to be a
 crime of the deepest dye. The rob
 bing of a man of his property, or the
 seizing of his ship upon the high seas,
 we regard as grievous offences, which
 should exclude the perpetrator from
 human associations for the time being.
 But we look upon those crimes as of
 small importance when compared with
 that of robbing a man of his labor, his
 liberty, his social, his intellectual en
 joyments; to disrobe him of his human
 ity, to degrade and brutalize him. On
 this account we protest solemly against
 being involved in the wickedness and in
 the crimes of that institution. To-day
 we are asked to pay our money for the
 liberty of our fellow-man. We hold
 that he was endowed with that liberty
 by his Creator; that it is impious, and
 in the highest degree criminal, for
 a man, or for a Government, to rob any
 portion of our race of their God-given
 rights. As the representative of a
 Christian and a moral constituency, I
 deny the right of Congress to involve
 them or me in the support of such
 crimes. By our compact of Union, no
 such power is delegated to Congress.
 By the passage of this bill, we shall
 become slavedealers ourselves—traders
 in humanity. The people of our State
 shrink from the foul contagion. With
 Mr. Gerry, we hold that we have noth
 ing to do with slavery in the States, but
 will be careful not to give it any sanc
 tion; with Mr. Madison, we hold that
 it would be wrong to admit that there
 can be property in man;” and with the
 signers of the Declaration of American
 Independence, we hold that it is “sell
 evident truth, that all men are created
 equal.” We believe our rights to enjoy
 these doctrines unmolested by this Gov
 ernment as clear and indisputable as
 are the rights of the slave States to
 deny them in theory and in pract||p.—
 We claim no superiority of privileges
 under the compact; W e admit them,
 under the Constitution, to enjoy their
 slavery unmolested by Congress or by
 the free States. Its blessings and its
 curses, its horrors and its disgrace, are
 theirs. We neither claim the one, nor
 will we share in the other. We will
 have no participation in its guilt. “It
 is the object of our perfect hate.”—
 Southern gentlemen may continue to
 misrepresent us, by saying that we seek
 to interfere with that institution in the
 States; but thank God we have at last
 obtained access to the public ear. The
 people of the free States now under
 stand that all our efforts, politically, are
 based upon the constitutional right ol
 being exempt from its support. For
 years I have made it a practice, when
 1 have spoken in this Hall, tw guard
 against misrepresentation, by avowing
 my doctrines. I am aware of the efforts
 now making by northern presses, letter
 writers from this city, and editors who
 pander to the spirit of servility, to mis
 represent my views, and assail my
 motives. Sir, let me smy to tMse men,
 before heaven, If they will come up to
 the work, unite their inAuence, and
 separate this Government from the
 1 support of slavery and the siavetrade,
 and leave that institution where the
 Constitution placed it —with the Statei
 in which it musts —with gratitude tc
 God, and with love and good will to al
 my fellow-men, I will retire from the**
 halls to the obscurity of private life.
 Sir, 1 may, on the present occasion
 disabose myself of the imputation tha
 I wish to embarrass the friends of tin
 incoming Administration. Those win
 have done me the honor to observe »j
 course in ibis bail for tbe last ten years,
 must do me tbe justice to say, tbs* my
 efforts here have been again* exwtmj
 evils. 1 desire to soe every member ol
 titty pmtj ta* Hta+ttmcttowr
JOHN DICK. Pvausnsß.
WHOLE NO. 59.
i j port tho Constitution of my country tn«j
 :;the rights of humanity. Sir, I war
 •I «pon no party. 1 wish to see tbe people
 j ol the free States purified from tbe sup
 port, the crimes, the contagion of sla
 very. I would oppose any member or
 any party who seeks to uphold tbe slave
 trade by Congressional law, or lends
 his inAuence to continue within this
 District, or on the high seas, a com
 merce in human Aesh. I know that the
 sympathies, the consciences, and the
 judgment of the people are with me.—
 Recent events have demonstrated the
 power of truth. Its omnipotence is ir
 resistible. It is rolling onward. No
 political paltering, no party evasions,
 no deceptions, no dodgings of responsi
 bility, will satisfy the people. No;
 gentlemen must come up to the work;
 they must take their'position upon the
 line of the Constitution, and maintain
 the rights of the free as well as of the
 slave States, or they will be over
 whelmed by the indignation of a free
 and virtuous people. Gen. Taylor and
 his friends will have an opportunity of
 gaining immortal honors, and of de
 serving and receiving the gratitude «t
 the American people. Let them at
 once abolish slavery and the siavetrade
 in this District, and upon the high
 seas; let this Government cease to op
 press and degrade our race; let us
 cease to legislate for slavery; let
 the powers and inAuence of Govern
 ment be exerted to promote human lib
 erty, to elevate mankind in his moral
 and physical being; and the honors of
 men, and the blessings of heaven, and
 the gratitude of this and of coming
 generations shall be theirs. But if
 their inAuence be exerted to maintain
 this commerce in human Aesh now car
 ried on in this District, and upon the
 high seas—to involve the people of the
 North in these transcendent crimes—
 then the opposition of good men, the
 curse of Heaven, and the execrations
 of posterity, will be their reward!
 O Slavery! —A negro man named
 Ben Thomas, belongong to Wm. H.
 Goff, was convicted in Talbot co. Md.,
 of enticing and assisting 4 slaves to run
 away the other day. He was sen
 tenced to 15 years and 6 months labor
 in the penitentiary.
 This is tbe way in which slavery law,
 and slavery courts administer justice.
 For endeavoring to persuade (bur hu
 man beings to exercise a right which in
 our ‘Declaration’ is held to be inalien
 able, a man is doomed to fifteen and a
 half years labor in the Penitentiary
 Had he attempted to kidnap four white
 persons with a view to enslave them,
 the same laws would have sent him to
 the same prison. If this be justice, it
 is only slavery justice. Cltre. (O.)
 True Dem.
 The Slave Trade in Washington
 Citv. —Recent events, especially those
 connected with the affair of the sale
 and redemption of Harriet Madison
 and the £dmondson family, have great
 ly aroused the public mind with regard
 to the atrocities of the trade in human
 beings, now openly carried on at
 Washington city. That trade is too
 inhuman and disgraceful to be borne
 any longer by the people of the United
 States. The inhabitants of Washing
 ton owe it to their own civilization to
 unite their efforts with those of other
 citizens to put a stop to it. The time is
 now favorable for taking up and dis
 posing of this one subject, disconnected
 from every question. Lei us have a
 united movement on the part of all who
 wish to see this trade abolished by law,
 however widely they may differ on any,
 or all other points. Let our petitions oe
 aimed at this one thing. Let us see if
 our American Congress can be pre
 vailed upon to take a step which was
 taken by the Bey of Tunis more than
 five years ago, and forbid the trade in
 Human Beings, for the glory of man
 kind, and todistinguish them from the
 brute creation Surely, this is* an
 object which ought to unite at once the
 hearts, the efforts and the prayers of alt
 who love our country.—[Family Jour.
 Pay your Debts. —One dollar pro
 perly moved about, may pass through
 twenty hands, and pay twenty debts, in
 a single day. Let the man of capital
 begin and pay off promptly his labor
 ers, then his laborers will have the
 means of doing the same. The rich
 should not wait for the poor to com
 mence this business. It is dishonest in
 men of property to delay paying labor
 ers who are in need of all they earn as
 soon as the work is done. Pay them
 promptly, and enable them to pay oth
 ers.—Ploughman.
 The Beautiful.— -Believe me, there
 is many a road into our hearts besides
 our ears and brains; many a sight, and
 sound, and scent, even of we
 have never thought at all, sinks into our
 memory, and helps to shape characters,
 and thus children brought op among
 beautiful sights and sweet sounds, a ill
 roost*- likely show the fruits of their
 musings by thoughtfulness, and affec
 tion, and nobleness of mind, even by
 the expression of tbe countenance.
 Those who live in towns should care
 fully remember ths», for their own
 for their wives’ sake, for their cbild
 ren’s sakes. Never lose an opportunity
 lof teeing anything that i* beautiful,
 f Beauty is God’s handwriting— a way
 side sacrament; welcome il in e%ery
 ‘fair face, every fair sky, ****l ,r
 Aower and thunk for it Him, the
 fountain of all loveliness, and drink it
 in simply and earnestly with all your
 i y es; it is a charmed draught, a cup of
 pleasing. Pokhrefor Ike People.
 Cassius M. Cut is out in (he
 isville Examiner with a proposition
 fora state Convention in Kentucky,
 to devise some scheme for the aboli
 lion of littery in that State
