FREDERICK DCMKILARB,
 M. R. DF.LANY, J F.DiTnat.
VOL. 11. NO. 8.
The NORTH STAR i» published trfVi
 Friday, at No. 25, Buffalo Street,
 ('typm/rtt., Arra&lt;U
 TF.RMS.
 T*« dolUn* per annum. J!?
 tuli-rt tpn&lt;Ht will le a f lPtm
 &lt;tx month*.
 Aihrertiwuivnl- ik*l *-x«w«ling l» 11
 l»,r~ (nr one A4Ur; rrery mm*
 tn.u, twenty-fire rente
 TH» &lt;4*r I of the .\»«TH STAK will he to atU»rK
 Si.trißT In all iu hra* a v,^ a,,
 limtißUt. KlUH.ftTtnK; rv.lt the e.amhrH
 of Hr Rt ir Morality; promote the moral an m
 *ellert«.l .mj.rorement of the Co.-OKFI. PKor.
 l«a*ten the day of FREEDOM to the T«*FF
 Mii i.iuv of oor E*i«i.Avrr» Fellow ovn
 trvwfx.
PUBLISHER’S NOTICF..S.
 All ronimumratiou* rrfaline to the him*"*
 m jtrr* id ilie rnner, iwiinex of MilMonl***, remit*
 tanree, tic., hlhhiU U- to John DICK,
 Pnl»li«her. _
 (0* Agent®, and all other® sendm* name®, at*
 •■attested to lie arrnrate, and give the Potl UJfic*,
 hr Voway, and tlie Slatf. F.arh Suhwr.her is&gt; »m
 -inediatelv rredfte.l for money received.
 (rt- Any tx*r*rtn sending in the payment for hxir
 tuhwrileri, to lie forwarded to one address, may
 hare a fifth ropy for one year. _
 tyy All letter® and communication* must ne post
 paid.
 USI OF AGENTS.
 M*»t*CH«swTV —R. F. Walr.iti,2l,CnniWl
 Boston; Nathan Johnson, Neu Bedford; Horatio
 Foster, Lowell; James N. Buffuni, Lynn; George
 Evans, Worcester rue Spooner, Plvmmrth,
 diaries H. Seth, Springfield David Kgg
 Northampton; H. Carpenter, Upton.
 Main L.—Oliver Dennett, Portland.
 V» rWONT.—Rowland T. Robinson, North Fer
 ri roNNtme CT.-Jonatlnu Leonard, New Haven
 Nr w II* upshibe.—W rare 1 appan, Bradfoid.
 \i w York. —Svdnev H.* C*av, 14-, Nassau
 Sireei James McCtiiie Smith,93, West Broadway;
 Jo-enli Post, Westlnirv, Queen County; Marv Har
 p,r 4lhnm; Elia. Don, Maced on; Willetts Keese,
 Peril, t’linion County William S. Baltimore. Trov; j
 J. F. I Matt, Penn Yan; J. Jetfrey, Geneva; E. L.
 Pint, Bath.
 Khoi&gt;» Isi.anh. Amarancy Paine, Providence.
 Pennsylvania.—J. M. M’Kim, 31, North Fifth
 Sti'eet, Philadelphia; G. W. f»oiue«, 8, Exchange
 PI ice, Ditto; B- Bown.Pittslmrgli; Win. \Miipper,
 Columbia; Isaac Roberts, Jacob L. Paxon, Norria
 fowu, Montgomery County, Milo A. Townsend,
 N ew Brighton. _
 &lt;)my.—t'lni tian Donaldson, Cincinnati; Mat
 son an I Ditto; Valentine Nicholson, liar
 vevslturgli, Warren t'o.; Samuel Brooke, Salem.
 Michigan.—Rolterl Banks, Detroit.
 INIHAN a.—Joel P. Davis, Economy, Wayne Co
S c I c r I i o ti s.

 SEVENTH ANNEAL MEETING.
 OF THE MASSACHUSETTS ANTI-SI.AVER!
 SOCIETY.
 'File Annual Meeting of the Massa
 chusetts Anti-Slavery Society was held
 in Faneuil Hall, Boston, on odnes
 &lt;iay* Jau. 24.
 The chair was taken by Francis
 Jackson, President of the Society, at
 11 o’clock, A. M., who called the meet
 ing to order, and gave opportunity for
 vocal or silent prayer.
 Voted, That Samuel May, Jr., Cor
 nelius Bramhall. and Eliza J. Ken
 ny be Assistant Secretaries during the
 meeting.
 Voted, on motion of Wendell Phil
 lips, That the President nominate a
 Business Committee of seven persons.
 The following persons were_noiniuated
 and accepted fc by the Society as that
 Committee:
 Win. L. Garrison, Edmund Quincy,
 Wendell Phillips, Charles K. W hippie,
 Anne W. Weston,Stephen S. Foster,
 James N. Buffum.
 The following persons, on motion 01
 Sam’l. May, Jr., were nominated am
 chosen a committee to report a list o
 officers of the Society for the year on
 suing:
 Samuel May, Jr., Bourne Spooner
 Oliver Johnson, John M. Fisk, Join
 Bailey, Abby K. Foster, and Edinuifc
 Quincy.
 Voted, That a committee of four or
 the Roll and Finance be nominated by
 the Chair. The following were nomi
 nated and chosen:
 James N. Buffum, Samuel Brooke
 Joshua T. Everett, Lewis Ford.
 Samuel Plulbrick, Treasurer, pre
 sented his Annual Report, duly audited
 The Report was accepted. It appeared
 that the receipts of the Society, during
 the last year, amounted to #8,500; its
 expenditures to #8,277 06; leaving a
 balance in the treasury, Jan. I, 1840,
 of #251 80,
 Voted, on motion of Wendell Phil
 lips, That we now hear the Annual Re
 port of the Board of managers, or such
 portions thereof as the Corresponding
 Secretary shall select.
 Mr. Quincy then read selections Irom
 the Report. Notice was given that the
 Report had been printed, and would be
 ready for delivery to members and oth
 ers to-morrow.
 Wendell Phillips, from the Business
 (’ommittee, reported the following res
 olutions:
 l. Resolved, That while we look
 upon the Free Soil movement as the
 unavoidable result of our principles and
 agitation, and hail it so far as its forma
 tion gives proof of the wider spread o(
 a degree of anti-slavery feeling in the
 community, we feel called upon to warn
 the old friends of our cause, the veter*-
 aus of so long and fierce a struggle,
 not to expect too much from the first
 groping* of a community which, as yet,
 sees men hut as trees walking; and
 that we are not to sink the experience
 of nigh twenty years, to suit the views
 or wait the infant movements of those
 who 'have just awakened to our enter
 prise; that the maintaining of our ad
 vanced position is the only security we
 have that they will persevere in their
 measure —the only sheet anchor when
 this experiment necessary for their edu
 cation has failed, as in its present lorm
 it musir —the corps of reserve by which
 alone their broken ranks and disheart
 ened courage are to he succored, and
 the labors of so man y years saved,
 when this transition perihd is passed.
 Resolved, That as the success of
 the Slave Power, in usurping the con
 trol &lt;if our government, has beenowing
THE NORTH STAR.
r to its being made the paramount objed
 of a large class in this community, and
 especially in the slave States, no effect
 ual resistance can be made to such a
 conspiracy, but by a party prepared tc
 1 make resistance to the slave power the
 exclusive and pahunount object of iti
 existence; and herxe we view with
 alarm and deep regret the course of the
 Free Soil party in putting in nomination
 in some cases, men who were not pre
 pared to pledge themselves to the sup
 'port of even their platform of princi
 ples, deeming such a course treason to
 the hopes and deserving to forfeit the
 trust of the anti-slavery public.
 !l. Resolved, That we cannot look
 upon the Free Soil party as an anti
 slavery party, in any proper sense of
 the term, as no effectual resistance can
 be made to the slave power, except by
 a party prepared and pledged to trample
 under foot the compromises of the Con
 stitution; and we look upon any suc
 cess attending the efforts of the Free
 Soil movement, as due only to the fear
 entertained by the South, that their
 candidates will in reality be false to
 their oaths of office, and ready to make
 every use, covertly, Of that anti-slavery
 sentiment in the community which far
 outruns its platform, and has lorig ago
 snapped asunder the bonds of the
 Union.
 4. Resolved, That the church which
 is in religious fellowship with slave
 holders, or the members of which are
 in political alliance with slaveholders—
 or which cherishes and exemplifies the
 spirit of complexional caste—or which
 does not make the immediate abolition
 of slavery its special concern—is not
 worthy to be recognized as the church
 of Christ, has no claim upon human
 sympathy or respect, and ought to be
 abandoned by every one as radically
 defective in Christian principle and
 character; and whoever continues in
 willing connection and with
 such a church, is to be regarded as an
 actual supporter of slavery.
 Voted, motion of Oliver Johnson,
 to adjourn to half past 2 P. M.
 Wednesday—Afternoon Session.
 Society met according to adjourn
 ment, the President in the chair.
 The resolutions reported in the morn
 ing were again read; and on motion of
 S. May, Jr., the first three resolutions,
 relating to the Free Soil party, were
 taken up for consideration.
 Stephen S. Foster, of Worcester, I
 objected to the resolutions, that they
 admitted too much in behalf of the
 Free Soil party, and would tend to re
 compile the members of that party to
 their present positfon.
 James N. Buffum, of Lynn, moved
 that all persons present, whether friend
 ly to its principles or not, whether anti
 slavery or pro-slavery, be invited to
 take part in the discussions of this meet- j
 ing. Adopted unanimously.
 Stephen S. Foster moved to re
 commit the resolutions on the Free
 Soil party, which was seconded.
 E. Quincy opposed the re-commit
 ment.
 Leave being granted, the following
 resolution was offered and adopted:
 Resolved, That every friend of the
 anti-slavery cause, present at our meet
 ings, be invited to enrol his or her
 name as a member of this body, and
 also to give one dollar, or such other
 sum as is thought proper, towards de
 fraying the expenses of this annual
 meeting.
 5. S. Foster withdrew his motion to
 recommit, and moved to amend the
 first resolution by substituting as fol
 lows:
 Resolved, That we hail with joy the
 breaking up of the two great political
 parties of the country, as conclusive
 evidence of the progress of anti-slavery
 sentiments, even though their sundered
 fragments have been reunited on ground
 scarcely less pro-slavery than that
 of the parties from which they have
 been torn.
 Jxwis Hayden spoke in opposition'! o
 the substitution.
 The discussion was continued by
 Wendell Phillips and Abby K. Foster.
 At 5 1-2 o’clock, adjourned to 7
 o’clock.
 Wednesday —Evening Session.
 The Society reassembled according
 to adjournment; Edmund Quincy, of
 Dedham, in the chair, who rgad the
 resolutions before the meeting.
 James N. Buffum moved to lay t(H
 resolutions on the table, that an opp&lt;Jg
 (unity might be afforded to introduced
 the audience two recent fugitives from
 slavery in Georgia; which motion was
 carried.
 Win. W. Brown then gave a brief
 sketch of the remarkable escape from
 slavery of William and Ellen Ciaft.
 He then sang an anti-slavery song,
 w hich was much applauded.
 Henry C. Wright moved to take up
 the resolutions on the Free Soil party jj
 This w as carried, and Mr. W. address-J
 ed the meeting in their support, sbowj
 ing the pro-slavery chaiacter of thfl
 Constitution, and that the Free Soil
 party goes for maintaining the compro-*
 mises with slavery. He showed, the
 inconsistency of those who had just re-
 sponded so enthusiastically to W. W.
 Brown’s question, that they would pro
 tect and rescue the fugitive slave,
 while they supported a Constitution
 which bound them to deliver up the fu
 gitive. 1
 On motion of H. C. Wright, ad*J*
 j on rned to Thursday, 10 A. M. -T
 Thursday—Morning Session, w
 Jan. 25.—The Society re-assembled
 in FaneujT Hall, according to adjourit
 ment FWncis Jackson in the Chair.
 The resolutions on the Free .Soil
 movement again came up. Mrs. Abby
 K. Foster defended the amendment
 ottered by S. S. Foster. The subject
 was further dmcueeed bf J. T. Everett.
f IS OF NO SEX—TRUTH IS OF NO COLOR-GOD IS THE FATHER OF US ALL, AND ALL WF. ARE BRETHREN.
Mr. Osgood, of Salisbury, (the une
 who came upon our platform last year
 to defend the Liberty party,) Wm. A.
 White, of Watertown, W. L. Garrison
 and S. S. Foster.
 At I 1-2 O'clock, adjourned to 2 1-2
 o’clock.
 Thursday—Afternoon Session.
 Met again iif Faneuil Hall, Francis
 Jackson in the chair.
 The committee on the nomination of
 officers reported, by their chairman, a
 list of persons (o act as officers of the
 Society the ensuing year. Their re
 port was accepted, and the persons
 therein named were accordingly elect
 ed, as follows:
 President Francis Jackson, Boston.
 Vice-Presidents —Andrew Robeson,
 New-Bedford; Edmund Quincy' Ded
 ham; Stillman Lothrop, Cambridge;
 Amos Farnsworth, Groton; Adin Bal
 lou, Milford; John M. Fisk, West
 Brookfield; JoshuaT. Everett, Prince
 ton; Effingham L. Capron, Worcester;
 Wm. B. Earle, Leicester; Jefferson
 Church, Springfield; Wm. B. Stone,
 Gardner; Oliver Gardner, Nantucket;
 Nathan Webster, Haverhill; George
 Hoyt, Athol; John C. Gore, Roxbury;
 Caroline Weston, Weymouth; Zenas
 Rhoades, New Marlboro’; Benjamin
 Snow, Fitchburgh George Miles,
 Westminster; James N. Buffum, Lynn;
 Cyrus Pierce, Newton; John T. Hil
 ton, Cambridgeport; Thomas T. Stone,
 Salem; Bourne Spooner, Plymouth;
 Wm. Ashby, Newburyport; John Bai
 ley, Lynn; Charles P. Hovey, Boston.
 Corresponding Secretary Edmund
 Quincy, Dedham.
 Recording Secretary —Robert F.Wal
 cutt, Boston.
 Treasurer —Samuel Philbrick,Brook
 line.
 Auditor —Edmund Jackson, Boston,
 j Counsellors —Wm. Lloyd Garrison,
 Maria Weston Chapman, Cornelius
 Bramhall, Henry I. Bowditch, JohnM.
 Spear, James RusseH Lowell, Wendell
 Phillips, John Rogers, Anne Warren
 Weston, Eliza Lee Follen, Charles K.
 Whipple, Samuel May, Jr.
 The amendment offered by Stephen
 S. Foster was rejected. The resolu
 tions numbered 1, 2 and 3, were then
 adopted.
 Voted, To take up the resolution on
 the church.
 Naham Osgood spoke in opposition to
 the resolution, and in favor of union
 with the American Church.
 James N. Buffum replied, and vindi
 cated the soundness and necessity of the
 resolution.
 Henry C. Wright spoke on thesame
 side, and clecfarea YumseFf opposed to
 everything which went for the enslave*'
 rnent of man, whether governments, or
 churches, or Bibles, or the Gods of this
 nation.
 Wendell Phillips moved that the res
 olution be laid on the table, to take up
 the subject of funds for the future
 operations of,the Society. This was
 carried, and Mr. Phillips addressed the
 friends of the cause in an earnest
 speech tor aid.
 Samuel May, Jr. introduced the fol
 lowing resolution, and spoke briefly in
 its support:
 Resolved, That in prosecuting the
 work of the redemption of the slave,
 and in our determination to be deterred
 from that object by no Constitutions or
 party organizations, or Ecclesiastical
 combinations whatever, we summon all
 the true friends of Freedom and Hu
 manity to come to our aid, and sustain,
 during the year on which we have en
 tered, that great moral movement which
 has laid the axe at the root of slavery’s
 tree, by their most generous contribu
 tions and pledges.
 The Committee on Finance then and
 subsequently received pledges, to be
 paid within the year, amounting to up
 wards of seven hundred dollars. They
 also received, in money,' donations
 amounting to about nine'.y dollars, be
 sides a sum sufficient to defray all ex
 penses of calling and holding the an
 nual meeting.
 The resolution on the church was
 again taken up, and Mr. Garrison made
 an eloquent expose of the wlak idea
 which had been advanced that we
 should go back to the old anti-slavery
 ground.”
 Adjourned to 7 o’clock.
 Thprsdav—Evening Session.
 Met according to adjournment, when
 the chair was taken by J. N. Buffum,
 as V 7 ice-President.
 The resolution on the church being
 before the Society, Edmund Quincy
 in its support.
 Parker Pillsbury followed in justifi
 cation of the course of the American
 Anti-Slavery Society and its friends, in
 boldly exposing and rebuking the faith
 less and pro-slavery course of the
 American churches. He spoke of the
 jrfuence of those churches as on the
 flwFendell Phillips took a different
 from Mr. Pillsbury, of the influ
 the churches, and commended
 perseverance and ability
 with Which they labored for the ends
 ■key sought. He acknowledged their
 &gt;sMry, and condemned their coarse on
 the subject of slavery, and would not
 regard them as Christian churches;
 but he said they were enemies not to be
 thought lightly of, and abolitionists
 nugi.t learn a useful lesson from then
 ot dauntless and unwearied self-de-
 Wion.
 &gt;!r. Phillips, before taking bin seat,
 'again introduced William and EHen
 Craft, the Georgia fugitives, to the
 meeting. They Were received with
 even more hearty and prolonged cheer
 ing than on the evening previous., y
 The e se of these fugitives occupied
 the attention of the Meeting therrtnoin*
 der of il» N- 8&lt; t&amp;p.
 Henry C. Wri*M, W.LG«W*«»»o&lt;l
ROCHESTER, N. Y., FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 16, 1849.
Lucy Stone addressed the audience.—
 Miss Slone spoke in an uncommonly
 eloquent and touching strain.
 At a late hour, adjourned, to Friday
 morning, 10 o’clock.
 Friday—Morning session.
 The Society met again in Faneuil
 Hall; Francis Jackson in the chair.
 The resolution on the church being
 the subject before the Society, it was
 spoken to by Samuel May, Jr., and
 Parker Pfllsbury.
 Its adoption was moved by Stephen
 S. Foster.
 Seward Mitchell moved to 'amend
 that resolution by substituting the fol
 lowing:
 Resolved, That as the American
 Church has been fully proved to be the
 bulwark of slavery, we believe the time
 has come when it should be destroyed,
 root and branch, as of no use to the
 people, and a curse to every canse of
 moral reform.
 After remarks by Mr. Mitchell and
 John C. Cluer, the amendment, on
 motion of Edwin Thompson, was laid
 on the table.
 The question was then taken on the
 original resolution, (that numbered 4,)
 and adopted without a dissenting vote.'
 Stephen S. Foster introduced the
 following resolution, and advocated it at
 length:
 Resolved, That in the opinion of this
 Society, it is expedient f to organize a
 system of measures designed to array
 its friends at the ballot-boxes, there lo
 vote for men pledged to take no oath to
 the Constitution of the United States,
 and to use all their influence to dissolve
 the Union.
 Adjourned to quarter before three
 o’clock.
 Friday—Afternoon Session.
 Met according to adjournment, when
 the chair was taken by Francis Jack
 son.
 The resolution offered in the morning
 by S. S. Foster came up, and was sup
 ported by W. Jenkins, of Andover,
 and opposed by W. L. Garrison.
 On motion of E. Quincy K the resolu
 tion was laid on the table.
 Charles Stearns oflered the following
 resolution, and supported it in some
 very earnest remarks respecting the
 sufferings of many of the laboring peo
 ple of the North:
 Whereas, the rights of the laborer at
 the North are identified with those of
 the Southern slave,|and cannot be ob
 tained as long as chattel| slavery rears
 its hydra head in our land; and whereas
 the same arguments which apply to the
 situation of the crushed slave are also
 m forc-A in reference to the condition of
 the Northern in a less
 degree; therefore,
 Resolved, That it is equally incum
 bent upon the working-men of the
 North to espouse the cause of the
 emancipation of the slave, and upon
 abolitionists to advocate the claims of
 the free laborer.
 John C. Cluer attributed t h greater
 part of the sufferings of the Northern
 laboring people, and especially of the
 poor Irish, to a too free cse of. iiitexi
 cating drinks. He said he had paid
 much attention to these subjects, viz:
 the rights of the laborer, and temper
 ance, and he spoke with a full assur
 ance of the truth of what he said.
 Mr. Stearns’s resolution was adopt
 ed, and the Society adjourned to 7
 o’clock.
 Friday—Evening Session.
 The Society met, according to ad
 journment; Francis Jackson, President,
 in the chair.
 Mr. Garrison, Chairman of the Busi
 ness Committee, reported the following
 resolutions:
 Resolved, That the one great ob
 ject to be attempted and achieved, to
 secure the emancipation of our en
 slaved countrymen —to assert and pro
 tect the rights of the people of the
 North—and to impose the awful crimi
 nality involved in the slavfe system ex
 clusively upon the incorrigible tyrants
 of the South—is, THE IMMEDIATE
 DISSOLUTION OF THE AMERI
 CAN UNION—a Union based on the
 prostrate bodies of three millions of the
 people, and cemented with their blood
 —a Union 'which gives absolute power
 and perfect security to the wholesale
 traffickers in human flesh, by its com
 bined military and naval power, and
 the overthrow of which would inevita
 bly burst asunder the chain of every
 bondman—a Union in which freedom of
 speech and of the press, the right of
 petition, and safe and equal locomotion,
 are cloven down, and the citizens of one
 portion of the country are seized for no
 alleged crime in another portioo, bur
 ned to prison, kept in chains, plundered
 of their property, and in numerous in
 stances sold oq the auction hlpck at
 public vendue as slaves, in lots to suit
 purchasers.
 Resolved, That iu openly and une
 quivocally advocating slavery as a just,
 beneficent and democratic institution,
 John C. Calhoun, of South Carolina, is
 to be commended for his frankness and
 directness; that for his earnestness,
 consistency, intrepidity nod self-sacrt
 tice, in defending end ~*kmg to extend
 and perpetuate what he thus profeeees
 to regard ns superlatively excellent, he
 m equally to be commended; and that
 he in honorable contrast, and in
 incomparably to be preferred, 19 those
 Northern time-servers and dough-faces
 who rof'-iir** •'”"7
 abhorrence, e®d
 ready to compromise the sacred prioci
 ptee ef liberty.
 the North, and
 Ck* «»ke^oi»e
Georgetown, D. C., who wu soon to
 be sold to the South, if not redeemed.
 A man was said to be now in Boston,
 raising money to purchase her freedom.
 Mr.C. also asked leave to take up a col
 lection in the meeting to aid this object,
 which was agreed to, and the sum of
 $17,31 was contributed.
 William W. Brown advocated the
 resolutions, and declared that he could
 do no less than make war upon a Con
 stitution and Union which made a chat
 tel of him, and utterly refused to ac
 knowledge his right to freedom or to
 protect him in it. He referred to the
 two fugitives from slavery who had at
 tended some of our previous meetings,
 and again introduced-them to the audi
 ence, who received them with enthusi
 astic greetings. Mr. Brown again gave
 a sketch of their method of projecting
 and executing their bold attempt.
 Wendell Phillips referred eloquently
 to the case of these interesting fugi
 tives. He said that we should look in
 vain through the most trying times of
 our Revolutionary history for an inci
 dent of courage and noble daring to
 equal that of the escape of William and
 Ellen Craft, and future historians and
 poets would tell this story as one of the
 most thrilling in the nation’s annals;
 and millions would read it with admi
 ration of the hero and heroine of the
 story, and would wish that they could
 have lived to take part in the glorious
 struggle of freedom and justice and
 humanity against slavery, fraud and
 tyranny. Mr. Phillips closed with read
 ing the petition to the Massachusetts
 Legislature (now in session,) for a
 secession from the Union, and called
 upon all who are not mere hearers, but
 doers, to come up and sign and circu
 late this petition.
 Mr. Garrison, from the Business
 Committee, then reported the follow
 ing resolutions:—
 Resolved, That if, in the earlier
 days of our antislavery struggle, the
 utmost zeal and alacrity were widely
 and effectually shown by abolitionists,
 in circulating petitions for the abolition
 of slavery in the district of Columbia,
 and for the repeal of all laws in thi9
 Commonwealth in derogation of the
 rights of our colored population, it is
 incomparably more important, now,
 that they should manifest at least a&amp;
 much zeal and alacrity in circulating,
 for popular signatures, the petitions to
 the legislature for immediate secession
 of Massachusetts from a Union in
 which she is hel&lt;h as a vassal, and
 which serves only to pollute and de
 grade her.
 Voted, That the question be now
 taken on the three resolutions reported
 this evening.
 The question was then taken on the
 resolutions separately, and they were
 unanimously adopted.
 Voted to adjourn, sine die.
 FRANCIS JACKSON, President
 Samuel Mav, Jr. i
 C. Bramhall,, Assistant Sec’s.
 Eliza J. Kenny,
From the Anti-Slavery Standard.
 ETHNOLOGY.
We have just 9een the hopes of the
 friends of liberalism and progress in
 Central Europe, thwarted in a grea*
 measure by foolish disputes about races
 and nationalities. While the honest
 men were falling out, the rogues have
 succeeded in getting what was not their
 own again. The German Punch has a
 print representing two men, in different
 national costumes, engaged in a furious
 combat, the point at issue being whe
 ther the name of a certain town should
 be pronounced Gratz or Graetz.
 When this matter of nationality is
 reduced to a downright absurdity, by
 setting the inhabitants of two neighbor
 ing villages together by the ears, it
 affords us only matter for a smile, but it
 becomes serious when acted on a
 larger stage, and by more prominent
 players, though abstractedly as ludi
 crous as before.
 Almost all races, in proportion as
 they have become powerful and distin
 guished, have endeavored to justify
 their pre-eminence, as it were, by at
 tributing to themselves a divine or at
 least a noble origin. Nations, like in
 dividuals, when they have risen in the
 social scale, go immediately to the her
 ald’s office lor a coat of arms and a
 pedigree. Had the pilgrims landed at
 Plymouth a thousand years earlier,their
 exodus from the land of bondage and
 their arrival in the Promised Land
 would have been foreran and accom
 panied by an abundance of signs and
 wonders. As it is, we are obliged to
 cootent ourselves with vague assertions
 of our Anglo-Saxon descent, the truth
 being that the settlers of New Eogland
 —end of those very few, can lay any
 probable claim to such an origin.
 We have no especial interest in
 these assertions of national nobility,
 in as far as they have been the cause
 or the apology of national oppressions.
 Men are very willing to excuse any
 unnatural feature in their social system
 by tracing it ep to some inscrutable di
 vine arrangement. Whatever revolts
 from the natural religion of the human
 beset, they shore up with the props of
 their artificial and traditional religion.
 An inferior tribe among the Hindoos
 sprang from the feet of Brahma, which,
 of course, explains to general satisfac
 tion why (hey have always been, and
 should always condone to be, at the
 febt of the social scale. In the same
 way (he consciences of assay egeegent
 people are aet no maeb negatively re
 lieved a* positively exhilarated, when
 they have succeeded in transferring (by
 anything hat a Baconian induct**) the
 wrongs of the African race te the
 sSsaj'trsns
 pretty certain to be received in n
 M I. W 1 W* V
I strange place with an entertainment of
 Ham and eggs, (the clergy and people
 contributing their respective quotas)
 which kept the promise of hospitality to
 the ear and broke it to the sense.
 When the descent of the negro
 races from the scriptural Ham had been
 pretty clearly disproved, and the appli
 cation of the curse emailed upon his
 progeny transferred to another race,
 Pro-Slavery was necessarily reduced to
 another line of defence. A divine ori
 gin was attributed to slavery, by tracing
 its natural cause to an innate inferiori
 ty, both mental and physical, of the ne
 gro family of main. It is here that the
 researches of ethnologists become par
 ticularly interesting to abolitionists and
 furnish them with arguments more gen
 erally appreciable by the man of man
 kind than those appealing exclusively to
 the principles of abstract justice and
 right. It is worth remarking from hnr
 various and unexpected sources e
 quiver of the reformer is constantly re
 cruited with fresh arrows, and how the
 investigations of science, prosecuted in
 directions which seem the farthest re
 moved from every day interests, have
 yet a practical bearing, more or less
 decided, upon the hdmanitary questions
 of the time.
 Ethnology, or the science of races,
 is of very recent origin, and, depend
 ent as it necessarily most be on glottol
 °gy, (the science of languages,) which
 is also in its infancy, it must generally
 make its appeals to inferences and
 probabilities, rather than to actual de
 i monstration. Its conclusions may in
 I fact be assumed as incapable of experi
 mental proof, since periods of time
 quite beyond our ordinary conceptions
 of duration, as derived from human
 history, might be required to produce
 any foretold result. And yet a suffi
 cient number of examples may be
 found of various kinds, in localities
 widely separated, and wholly independ
 ent of each other, where certain
 i causes have produced certain effects, to
 i establish a firm basis for reasonable in
 duction. i
 The most comprehensive work on
 the science of races is that of Dr.
 Prichard, “The Natural History of
 Man.” It is necessarily somewhat de
 ficient in arrangement, because ethnol
 less an exact system than an
 agglomeration of detached facts, all
 however, tending to one result, so that
 it is not difficult for the reader to gen
 eralize for himself Dr. Prichard is a
 man of great learning, and apparently
 of an honest and well-balanced mind,
 not likely to be led astray by theory,
 nor to form his conclusions in advince
 of his facts. He gives very full ex
 tracts from the accounts of particular
 tribes of men, given by travellers of
 different nations, at different periods of
 time, so that the reader may form con
 clusions for himself, without being
 obliged to rely too implicitly upon the
 conscientiousness of the author.
 The instances hitherto collected by
 ethnological students seem to put be
 yond question the fact that difference of
 physical structure, and of the color of
 the skin, may all oe referred to cli
 matic causes, and do not in the least
 countenance the theory of essential di
 versity of race. The examples by
 which this proposition is supported are
 very numerous, are found among all
 races and in all quarters of the globe,
 and are, to our mind, perfectly con
 vincing.
 The Jew, transplanted to Poland, be
 comes red-bearded and blue-eyed. In
 England, his complexion grows gradu
 ally fair. In the East Indies, on ,the
 other hand, colonies of Jewish stock
 are found who are entirely black, and
 that without the least proof or proba
 bility of foreign intermixture. In Chi
 na they are described as having ap
 proximated very nearly in complexion
 to the native type. This is a strong
 argument, because the uniform reluct
 ance of the Jews, wherever scattered,
 to contract marriages with other races,
 puts the purity of their blood almost
 beyond dispute, and refers us to some
 other natural causes for a solution of
 the problem. These natural causes are
 to be found in difference of climate,
 habits and food. Of the influence of
 climate a remarkable example is af
 forded by the Berbers, inhabiting ai
 mountainous region of Africa. Their
 language, habits, traditions, all prove
 them to be of one unmixed descent,and
 yet they differ in complexion and some
 other characteristics in proportion as,
 the particular tribes occupy a position
 further from the plain, ranging from
 yellow hair, fair complexion and blue
 eyes, to black akiitp and woolly hair. 1
 We have seen the influence of cl»-j
 mate upon complexion and the color!
 and texture of the hair. Changes
 equally remarkable in the shape of the
 skull, in the length and general char-’
 acteristics of the limbs, and in the de-t
 deloproent and tissue of the muscular
 system are broeght about by the hab
 its and diet of a race, dependent upon,
 the climate or some other circumstance
 of local condition. The difference be
 tween the Turk settled, for four centu
 ries, in Europe, and the original race
 •till existing in Asm is so great, that
 nothing hut the clearest proof deduci
 ble from language and authentic history
 would suffice to satisfy us of their iden
 tity As* remarkable are the changes
 which have taken place in the races at
 present occ spying the western portion
 of Europe. Not to spook of the entire
 contrast they offer to th» original Asi
 atic type, it will be enough to allude
 merely to their dimAtnhmtkr m general
 features from tbcur* ancestors, as de
 scribed by the eaifiest trustworthy ob
 servers.
 The —r isipiilstl g
 I
JOHN WCH. Pssn»«*«.
WHOLE NO. 60.
Uftd
 not greater than may be fo 'listing
 in individuals of the same r*®® Subject
 ed for a long period of time to the ac
 tion of climatic or othe* physical
 causes. We may say farther that the
 conclusion to which many inquirers
 hate been led is, that the white skin
 i an&lt; no* the black, is a divergence from
 the original type, effected either by cli
 mate, or by the propagation of an acci
 dental variety, such as we still find to
 ro&lt;^uc among races naturally
 We wish that Dr. Prichard’s work
 might be reprinted in this country, since
 the high price of the English edition
 places it beyond the reach of the great
 majority of readers. We have some
 doubts, however, whether such a book
 would pass the uice censorship of the
 press which presides over our American
 republishers. Slavery demands the ex
 purgation of science' mm well as reli
 §ion, and like Moliere's ‘‘Doctor in
 pite of Himself,*’ woold change the
 heart from the left side to the right if its
 ends could be served thereby.
 An excellent summary of the book
 may be found in the last number of the
 Edinburgh Review, where the reader
 will be able to see at a glance the pro
 gress of ethnological studies, and the
 present boundaries of its discoveries.
 Except for purposes of reference, it will
 be more interesting and useful than the
 original book, which we have found to
 produce some confusion in the mind
 after a single reading, from the multi
 plicity of its facts and references.
 J. R. L.
VOICE OF OHIO.
 I
 j
 No one subject at present more gen
 erally or justly agitates the public mind
 than does that of the extension of slave
 ry. It is one of fearful import, as the
 division is one of geographical lines
 and adverse interests of soil and
 climate.” So far as the State of Ohio
 is concerned, there appears to be but
 little difference of opinion on this sub
 ject. Although our people differ upon
 questions of state or national policy,
 j yet upon this one subject all or nearly
 all are agreed, thnt slavery ought not
 to be extended: This unity of feeling
 has been heretofore manifested by leg
 islative action.
 Upon one occasion when one of the
 great politioal parties into which the
 State is divided, was in the ascendency,
 and the question was agitated of adding
 more slave territory to this Union, that
 project was unanimously condemned by
 the General Assembly. And at a
 subsequent period the other political
 party being in power, the same measure
 was condemned by an overwhelming
 majority of the same body. But this
 was of no avail, this remonstrance was
 unheeded, Texas was annexed with
 slavery irrevocably fixed upon it.
 Since that period, in consequence of
 the war with Mexico, a war waged
 against the feelings and wishes of a
 majority of the people of this State,
 new territories of immense extent have
 been added to the United States. These
 territories are now free, uncontamin
 ated by the blight of slavery, and the
 great question which now agitates the
 nation is, whether they shall be pro
 tected in that freedom by an act con
 taining the principles of the Ordinance
 of 1787, or whether by authority of the
 Congress of the United States the curse
 of slavery shall be extended over them
 W hile I would faithfuly accord to the
 slavehoiding States all tie rights se
 cured to them by the compact which
 binds us together, I must also regard
 the rights of the free States with equal
 care, and believing as I do that the
 fathers of the constitution never con
 templated the extension of slavery
 under the authority of that instrument,
 beyond the limits of the Original States,
 I can never consent, nor will the State
 of Ohio ever consent, that this moral
 and political evil shall be further ex
 tended. The interests of free labor,
 the general good of the whole nation,
 and the yet higher claims of humanity
 and justice, demand that any act organ
 ising these territories should contain
 the principles of that Ordinance which
 has contributed so much to the pros
 perity and happiness of that portion of
 our country once composing the north
 western territory. I would therefore
 recommend to your consideration the
 passage of such resolutions as will ex
 press to the General Government the
 voice of the Stale of Ohio upon the
 aubjeet, and give strength to our Sen
 ators, and Representatives in Congress,
 in their endeavors to restrain slavery
 within its present limits.—Ger. ford’s
 Menage.
Am American Niumm. —ft
 should teach the people their true* in
 terests and duty; their duty to them
 selves, to their children, to a world
 for freedom, and searching
 for ait example of a pure and perma
 nent Republic. By it let the people be
 taught that the advantages of a free
 government are not in n% name, but in
 the permanence and purity of its insti
 tutionsand'that it is made «ccure only
 through the general and equal intelli
 gence of the people. Thcv Lav* ever
 been awake to hs call, eufwr to go*d
 or enl; let i! speak to them in the sub
 lime accents of truth, and »#s lessons
 will be heeded sod remembered.
 Thr Lire or an Exquisite
 TLEMAN.”—He gem up leisurely;
 breakfast* comfortably; reads the pa
 per regularfr; dresace fashionably;
 lounge* eats a tart gravely,
 toUts insipidly; dines considerably;
 drinks superfluous!y; smokes elcgaitfjy;
 lives uselessly; dies reluctant! v
 busied lugubriously; and is missed by
 nobody.
de
 ob-
Tc»rEA4*cK is tk« bt« phrvtc
