Notices.
Frederick Douglas* and Jons S. J
 wilt boh) Anti-Slavery meetings in &amp;e fol
 lowing place*:
 Henrietta, Monday evening, Feb. 19.
 Mendon, Tuesday 13.
 Rush, Wednesday, 1 14.
 Avon, Thursday, 15.
 Uma, Friday, 16.
 W. Bloomfield .Saturday l?.
 Canandaigua Sunday 18.
 Rvahville Monday rt 19.
 Penn Van Tueaday 20.
 Prattsbnrg, Wednesday 21.
 Bath, Thurad. Frid. 22 It 23.
 Kj* Thia is intended as the commence
 ment of a aeries of meetings to be held in
 thia State. Our friends in the several place*
 abuse-mentioned, will confer a favor on us,
 and we hope mid the cause of the slave, by
 securing suitable placet for the roeetinga, and
 giving extensive notice of the same.
Western New York Aatfcdttavery Society.
 The Executive Committee will meet on
 Tuesday Feb. 20, at the Anti-
 Slavery; Office, 25, Buffalo Street.
 Attendance is requested at half past 6
 o'clock precisely.
 W. C. NELL. Rec. Sec
Ohio.—Vote on the Black Laws.
 House of Representatives, Jan. 30.
 Mr. Tuwnshend reported back Moise’sbiH,
 with the pending amendments, sod recommen
 ded that they be agreed to. The amendments
 were agreed to.
 Mr. Smith, of Madison, offered a resolution
 which was ruled out of order, as not pertinent
 to the subject.
 Mr. Olds moved the bill be laid on the
 table. Lost.
 The question of engrossment was then
 carried and the bill was ordered to be read a
 third time now, which was done, and the
 question being, shall the bill pass?
 A call of the House was moved by Mr.
 Creen, and showed 61 members present.
 The absentees were all excused but Messrs.
 Mott and Holcomb, who, after some delay,
 made their appearance, and were greeted with
 loud applause.
 Mr. Koedter said :—ln explanation of my
 vote, I will make a few remarks. This bill
 contains two separate propositions. First, it
 provides that the taxes raised from property
 of colored persons for school purposes, shall
 he applied for the education of colored child
 en. This is a principle of common justice;
 and 1 would consider it a disgrace to depart
 from it, by taxing colored people for the
 education of our own children. The second
 Eart of the bill provides for the repeal of the
 lack laws, so called. On a careful examina
 tion of these black laws, 1 find them to be a
 miserable patchwork of incongruous pro
 visions, entirely inadequate to the purposes
 of their enactment. 1 am in favor of a prompt
 and full examination, according to the eternal
 laws of nature and of reason, whether two
 races so distinct and different from each other,
 as tpe Caucasian and the Negro race can co
 exist together in one state upon terms of
 perfect equality. If they cannot so live toge
 ther w ithout endangering the public tranquili
 ty and happiness of the state; if they must
 be separated then, sir, I am in favoi of enact
 ing without delay, instead of those insufficient
 black laws, one general law of sufficient force
 and precision, for the purpose of effecting a
 full and permanent separation.
 The yeas and nays were then taken on the
 passage of the bill and resulted in yeas 52,
 nays 10.
Capital Pimshmext.—A Bill for the
 abolition of the Death Penalty is now before
 our Legislature. It is time that this relic of
 barbarism was abolished. The following is
 a form of petition put in circulation by the
 New York State Society.
 To the Senate and House of Representa
 tives of the State of New York
 The Petition of ihe Undersigned Sheweth
 That, in the opinion of your petitioners, the
 Punishment of Death is opposed to Christiani
 ty
 That it does not answer the design of its
 adoption in the code of Criminal Jurispru
 dence
 That its effects are demoralizing
 That it not unfrequently involves the des
 truction of the Innocent, and at other times
 favors the escape of the Guilty, thus promot
 ing the crimes it was meant to suppress.
 VVe, therefore, ask for the repeal of the
 law inflicting death, and the substitution of a
 more just, reasonable, and humane punish
 ment.
Prize Fighting and Duelling.—ln the
 Assembly of this State, on the Ist inst, a
 Hill to prevent prize fighting and duelling was
 passed through a Committee of the whole and
 ordered to a third reading. The following
 are two of its provisions:
 Every person who shall challenge
 another to fight with or without weapons, or
 shall send or deliver any written or verbal
 message, purported or intended to lie such
 challenge or message, or who shall engage
 lu any such fight, or be present at the time of
 such tight, either as second, aid or surgeon,
 or who shall advise, or in any manner induce, i
 encourage, procure, or give any countenance
 or assistance to such fight, shall, upon con
 viction, be punished by imprisonment in a
 stale prison for a term not exceeding five
 years; or whsn any fight, or any matter con
 nected with a prize fight, shall fall within the
 provisions of this section, constituting such
 fight, or matter therewith connected, an of
 fence, such offence shall be punished as is
 nuw provided by law m cases of misdemeanor.
 5. Every person who shall within this
 state train or permit himself to be trained for
 the purpose of being engaged in any prize
 fight to be fought either within this state, or
 any other state, territory or country, or who
 shall in any manner aid or assist in such train
 ing. shall, upon conviction, be adjudged
 guilty of misdemeanor, and be sentenced to
 pay a fine of five bundled dollars and to be
 imprisoned in a county jail or penitentiary for
 the period of one year.
Flogging in the Navy.—The following
 preamble and resolution came up for dis
 cussion in tins N. Y. Assembly. Laid on the
 table.
 Whereas, The infliction of punishment by
 hogging is a relic of a barbarous age, that is
 alike revolting to every feeling of humanity,
 and degrading to the subject of it; and should
 not, therefore, be tolerated by a nation churn
 ing to be the most free and enlightened on
 the globe: Therefore,
 Jieaolved, (if the Senate concur,) That our
 li&gt;%ators in (Congress be instructed, and our
 ftepreseittativea be requested, to employ all
 reasonable means to secure the immediate
 abolition of this unnatural punishment in the
 military and naval service of tlie 1 mted
 States.
Apprentices and Facto* v Operatives.
 —The following “Ad to protect Appreu
 ucc* ftu&lt;i Operative* in i*
 bow before our Legislature
 The people of the State of New ork, rep
 resented in Senate and Assembly, do enact
 as follow*
 Section I. 1 1 shall be the duty of every
 employer having apprentices in hit service, to
 cause them to he instructed in reading and
 wnting
 Sec. 2. No child shall be employed in any
woolen or other manufactory or work
 shop within thin State, who shall not beat at
 tained the full age of tea yean, and be able
 to read and write.
 See. 4. It shall am be lawful for any child
 who dull not have attained the foil age of
 thirteen yean to labor in any manufactory or
 work shop, more than five boon in any one
 day, provided such child be employed
 throughout the whole year.
 Sec. 5. When such employment shall
 not continue mote than eight month* in any
 one year, the provisions of the proceeding
 notion shall not apply, hut no child ahafl
 under any circumstance* labor more than ten
 boors in mv one day.
 Hoc. 6. It shall not be lawful to employ
 any child under sixteen yean of age in any
 manufacturing labor during the night, that is
 to aaf, between the hours of eight o’clock in
 the evening and five o'clock in the morning.
 See. 7. The penalty for a violation of any
 of the provisions of this enactment, shall be
 ten time* the usual wages for every day du
 ring which aoy child may be wrongfully
 closed or permitted to labor, to be recovered
 from the employe! or employers, by the pa
 tent or next friend of such child on due proof
 before a justice f the peace.
 Sec. 8. This act shall take effect on the
 first day of July, one thousand eight hundred
 and forty-nine.
The English Language. —The difficulty
 of acquiring our language, which a foreigner
 must experience, is illustrated by the follow
 ing questioa: Did you ever see a person
 pare an apple or a pear with a pair of scis
 sors.”
Telegraph under the Atlantic.—
 Messrs. Hubbell and Sherburne have peti
 tioned Congress for an appropriation to make
 examinations, for the purpose of testing the
 practibillity of constructing a telegraph across,
 or through the Atlantic Ocean. They pro
 pose to extend a line from the banks of New
 foundland to the British Channel, the distance
 between the nearest points of land being only
 nineteen hundred miles. They intimate that
 if they can get soundings, they can anchor
 buoys fur stations at ten miles apart, and sup
 port the wires between in cork tubes.
 This is indeed a magnificent project, and
 ten years ago would have been regarded as a
 hoax.—Now, however, ihe scheme is not
 deemed chimerical, or impracticable, and the
 petition was received in Congress without any
 manifestation of surprise. We shall expect
 soon to hear of magnetic communication with
 the moon.— Advertiser.
Massachusetts* Iteport.
 The Seventeenth Annua! Heport of this
 pioneer Anti-SJavery Society has been re
 ceived. Those readers of the Standard, dis- i
 T
 appointed for several weeks in not reading the
 able articles from theii Boston corresjKjndent,!
 should each obtain a copy of this report, ex-'
 hibitingin every page the characteristic genius
 of Edmund Quincy. Corresponding Secretary
 of the Massachusetts Society. Every phase
 of the anti-slavery cause is treated in a man
 ner the best calculated to impart a correct
 knowledge of the present position of affairs
 relative to the now all-engrossing theme be
 fore the American people. Abolitionists
 should read it, that their hearts may l»e re
 newed for the conflict yet before them, by a
 narration of victories already achieved. The
 following extract will certainly interest all
 who may read. —w. c. n.
 It cannot be denied that this, First Vic
 tory of the Norlh_over the South was the
 consequence of the growing Anti-Slavery
 sentiment at the North, and to the demonstra
 tions which the Presidential obliquities of the
 two parties had called forth. For the first
 time, in our history, has the North arrayed
 itself in so unbroken a line against the South,
 on a point involving the interests of Slavery.
 For the first time, since we were a nation,
 was Slavery disappointed of a purpose she
 f had at heart, and which she was determined
 s to carry through. She has sometimes waited
 s for a season, while the pear was ripening,
 but it has always been of her own mere no
 tion, and with her own free consent. What
 ever she has wished for she has had, and at
 tjie moment she was ready for it. She has
 met with her first reverse. The charm of
 unbroken success is at an end. Her' vassals
 have made a stand against her aggressions, i
 They are learning that the advantage is on!
 their side, if they know how to use it. Like
 the oppressed everywhere, they are the Many,
 and woe to the Few, when the imaginary
 bonds which have held them in obedience are
 discovered to be merely air. The maxim of
 her rule, Divide, and Conquer,” failed her
 for once. The threatening aspect of affairs
 on the Northern frontier has deprived her of
 her usual tools, as soon as they saw reason to
 apprehend that their interests and hers had
 ceased to be identical. And so they have, by'
 union, given her her first repulse.
 And it is surely time that Freedom should i
 take her turn in the direction of affairs. The!
 histoiy of the country is one connected sue-1
 cession of Slaveholding triumphs. First,;
 Kentucky split off from Virginia then, Lou- j
 isiana purchased and admitted; then, the war i
 of 1812 then, the Tariff: then, the Missouri!
 Compromise; then, Nullification and the
 Tariff Compromise then, the Florida War
 then, the Annexation of Texas; and last
 of all, the War with Mexico, and the conquest
 of New Mexico and the Californias. And,
 as instruments and consequences of these
 victories, the appointment of almost every
 President and important Executive, Judicial,
 Diplomatic or Military officer. They have
 had the victory and the spoils of victory for
 sixty years, and the sluggish North is but
 beginning to open its stupid eyes to the fact.
 It is certainly encouraging to know that its
 eyes were not sealed in a judicial blindness,
 but that there was a reach of audacity which
 could pour twilight, at least, upon them.
 That, though it had been laboring mute as a
 camel under the heaviest load that Slavery
 could bind upon its back, for years, a weight
 could be at last found of w hich it would be
 impatient.
 We have always thought, and said, that the
 only hope of the North Jay in the very inso
 lence of the encroachments of Slavery. This
 history proves it. Having submitted patiently
 to the extension of the domain, and, conse
 quently, the dqration, of Slavery, over mil
 lions of square miles and years unknown, and
 waged two bloody wars in its quarrel, the
 North at last recalcitrates against the putting
 of the new territory to the uses for which tt
 was acquired. No resistance was made to
 the acquisition of Mexican territory by con
 quest, though its acquisition for any purpose
 was as gross an outrage as could well be per
 petrated, if the Uttered parchment of the
 Constitution had any virtue in it; but after it
 had been wou at a great cost of blood and
 treasure, then suddenly we awake to the con
 sequences of our own act, and refuse to permit
 it to be occupied for the purposes for w hich
 it had been won! It is hopeful to see that
 these latent sparks of vital heat exist, for they
 may yet be kindled into a consuming fixe.
 But it is the perpetual watchings and tbs
 uuwearied importunity of the AbolkiooisU for
 the last eighteen years that are to be
 for keeping them alive. Their unwelcome
 message has forced its way into the unwilkog
 ears of the people and compelled them to see
 where are and w hither they are going.
 And, after all, the North deserves no credit
 for w bat u has dorm, any more than pity for
 what it has suffered. L has, all along, teen
 willing to sacrifice the Slave to iuowa im
 agined advantage, and then made a meat
 merit of it, as if it had been sacrificing itself
 SSTiJr.iBHSrSS
 the successive cost of these eooceaaiens of us
 own true interest and the interest of i. n
 ty. And even the best of those who arc
 aroused to a spirit ot resistance to the en-
croaebmenu of Slavery ate stifl wSßm§ to
 guarantee to it a)] the comfort and fXstrclMß
 whicii the Constitution extends to ML Aai,
 ao« t it m because the North sms that the cry
 of tb* South i* that of the Iwk 1 drag!to*,
 gift, ffttc," m&lt;l thsLtberc is no end to its
 eoptdhjr and its demands, bat that aa extent
 of territory is to be extorted for the parpoaaa
 of Slavery, sufficient to pbee the seem for
 «»et in her pipe, it is therefore that the
 North is tardily and imperfectly arousing its
 energies to resistance. If h had not had Hi
 vitality developed by the stale into which
 its guilty selfishness aad indifference to the
 wrongs of the Slave had brought it, it woald
 hare been indeed plunged in the dan of
 death. And the first restless toesin^j/the
 and oppressions, is enough to startle into
 stillness, for the tine being, the onward march
 of tyranny. What might it not hate dene
 had its heart been always right, a* its hand
 has been ever strong! How woo Id Slavery
 have vanished away before its fsee like a
 guilty dream
THE NORTH STAR.
ROCHESTER, FEBRUARY 16, 1849.
In the Lecturing Field.
 In compliance with many urgent solicita
 tions on the part of my anti-slavery friends in
 different parts of this State, and for the par
 pose of advancing the sacred cause of human
 freedom, as well as with a view to extend the
 circulation of the North Star, I have now
 resolved to devote several months to travelling
 and lecturing in such places as shall seem to
 offer tire most hopeful prospects of promoting
 these objects. During my absence, the edi
 torial management of the North Star will be
 committed to the faithful hands of William
 C. Nell.- Those who have read the paper
 from its commencement, and have seen tho
 articles from his pen, need no assurance from
 me that it will be conducted with candor and
 ability. A colored man himself, and suffering
 daily I'iom the influence of American slatery,
 in the form of a malignant prejudice against
 color—well informed on all subjects connected
 with the Anti-Slavery movement, having
 spent several years under the wings of the
 “eagle-eyed” Liberator, and being deeply
 devoted to the cause of improvement and ele
 vation of the oppressed, his words will have a
 weight and a warmth which will secure for
 them a ready welcome to the hearts of all our
 readers and patrons. Mr. Nell takes charge
 of the paper more with a view to aid it in
 this its time of need, than from any pecuniary
 considerations which may result from his la
 bors, and on this account will be entitled to
 my w arm gratitude, and that of all who wish
 for the continuance and prosperity of the
 North Star, in addition to Mr. Nell, the
 Publisher, Mr. John Dick, whose pen has
 already contributed to the interest of the
 paper, has kindly offered to use his best en
 deavors in making the North Star all that its
 readers and friends can desire, both with re
 spect to its typographical appearance and
 moral character. Much, therefore, of the
 regret and embarrassment which I should feel
 in finding myself compelled to take the lec
 turing field for a season is removed. The
 hands to which the paper is ‘committed, are
 able to make at better and more acceptable to
 the reader than I have been able to do. I
 shall of course keep our readers informed of
 ray whereabouts and movements, and give
 them a word of cheer occasionally. My
 poor old horse and shattered old sleigh are at
 the door, ready to take me through the snow
 storm on my mission of freedom and human
 ity. May God smile upon the effort!
 FREDERICK DOUGLASS.
 Rochester, Feb. 12th.
Philadelphia, Jan. 16, 1849.
 Dear Douglas* :—Since my last, I have
 held meetings in Lancaster City, from which
 place 1 wrote; and on Thursday and Friday,
 the 21st and 22d, in the city of Reading,
 Berks county.
 The people in Lancaster are few in number,
 and generally well to do, and are intelligent;
 yet there is an indifference about them in re
 gard to meetings and lectures, which may
 only be accounted for from the almost entire
 absence of such meetings among them. As
 among our people generally, the church is
 the Alpha and Omega of all things. It is
 their only source of information—their only
 acknowledged public body—their State Le
 gislature, as it were—their common council
 their supreme court—their dictator and only
 acknowledged adviser; hence, that which
 does not emanate from the church, may not
 expect to interest the people to any considera
 ble extent. I would not be understood to say
 that they did not attend the meetings, nor
 that opposition was given by those who had
 control of the church. This is not the ease
 as both of the clergymen who reside in thp
 place not only gave their consent to the use of
 the church, but gave their continual presence
 at the meetings, and also subscribed for the
 paper; but the lateness of the hour at which
 the young people generally cams to the men
 ings, and the indifference manifested when
 there—the restlessness manifested by them
 w hen in the house—the continued running jn
 and out by tlie young women—at leaat mani
 fested an absence of good breeding, if not
 a want of interest in the meetings. It was
 evident that they had no interest in
 inytliing but religious meetings, an error
 arising |from the misers bis blunders of our
 former spiritual teachers, instilled into them
 by their pro-slavery and slavebolding op
 pressors, thereby the easier to degrade us,
 and keep us in w retched servility and subjec
 tion. This error in our religion, even taught
 and preached now by many.whose advantages
 of education and the times would warrant and
 justify them in knowing and pursuing a differ
 ent course, I look upon and bold to be a curse,
 mote grievous in its nature and evil in its
 tendency, than the mere existence of slavery
 itself; for while there is no difieahy in find
 ing s ready response from tbs moat abject of
 oar oppressed brethien as to the evile aad
 wrongs of slavery, it is among the meet com
 mon circumstances in the progress of on
 cause, to mm with sppmitisn from the
 moat intelligent among them, so the ground
 that the means to he used, however moral,
 n«*«nly interfere with their religion.—
 The nee of the churebea—holding meetings
 on the Sabbath—a dwbefcef is stale and mis
 erable doctrines, each as the nrrnsitj of th«
 cafored people being low, hmnUe, dejected,
 low-spirited, sorrowful, miserable beings, snf
 faring e life of Borrow in esdre to get to
 heaves—all are objected as as emialty m
 tetfering with onr religious litas; and non
•Mntly many rendily Mam that they
 rather bn slaves then do aaythmg lbai
 CW! to v|*srtatetf dagtadaiion and igno*
 Thom it a day-nehoot and Sahhath-acbeul
 •momg the calmed people m Lancaster. and a
 tolerably good feeling towards them or the
 port of the whites.)
 Reading euatama quite respectable, indue
 moot population of colored people, many of
 "bom own good real estate. I was quite
 disappointed in the people hem, not expecting
 to find no large a number of intelligent iahah-
 There are two churches—one Methodist
 mi a Presbyterian Church. Tbs Presbyte
 rian church is a hr**-*— bride building, of
 chaste modern structure, and does modi credit
 to the people of the place. They have also*
 school, taught by Mr. Joseph L. Gardner, a
 hoe industrious young colored gentleman.—
 Our people in this place have been eery much
 neglected by public lecturers, haring never
 been visited by any previous to my visit. A
 few visits by efficient men among os may
 make Reading a very interesting place. The
 city is much larger than I expected to find it,
 the population being numbered at about
 13,000 above that of any late estimate, and
 several thousand above that of Lancaster City,
 which has always been known ss the largest
 inland city in Pennsylvania. Reading is quite
 the handsomest inland town 1 have yet visited
 in the State.
 On Saturday, the 23d, 1 left Reading, ar
 riving in Philadelphia the same day, greeted
 and welcomed by many familiar faces and
 loved acquaintances.
 On Monday, the 35th, the Fair was opened
 in Institute Hall, by those excellent ladies,
 Mrs. Harriet Smith at the head. The fair
 was well attended, and the occasion was one
 of much interest for many reasons. Here
 everything like party spirit, predilections, and
 sectarianism of every kind, were thrown
 aside, and the people came up to the aid of
 this, the ladies’ first effort in a cause of the
 kind with a right hearty good will,” that
 was pleasing to behold. Among not the
 least pleasing features of this interesting
 gathering, were the young and active people,
 women and men, all manifesting a deep in
 terest for the success of the undertaking, with
 a full promise of bringing together their
 whole energies when called upon another
 season. The design is to make this an annual
 undertaking, on an enlarged and extensive
 plan, such as, if possible, to meet the ends
 for wihich it is intended. The recent fair
 was hastily gotten up by suggestion, without
 organization, or any particular plan of opera
 tion hence, the difference of opinion on the
 part of the different ladies concerned as to
 the appropriation of the proceeds. The fair,
 however, was well managed and well con
 ducted, and the ladies concerned, one and all,
 have our hearty thanks. The sum donated
 to the Star of one hundred dollars, was lib
 eral, generous, all the circumstances consid
 ered, and will redound to the honor andcredil
 of the faithful spirits therein engaged.
 A committee is now completely organized,
 with a well-devised constitution, having foi
 its object the holding of annual fairs or ba
 zaars for the furtherance of the great priori
 pies now being propagated—Self-Elevation
 or the Elevation of the colored peoph
 by Self-Exenion. If properly conducted
 which I have no doubt of, I think the ladiei
 will fully succeed.
 On the 14th, 15th, and 16th, a series o
 anti-slavery meetings were held in Instituti
 Hall, the discussions of which were partici
 pated in by Messrs. McKim,Purvis, Remond
 Davis, Bias, Burleigh, Weir, Smith, Wilson
 Butler, myself and others. These meetingi
 were quite interesting. On the22d, 23d, 24th
 25th and 26th, there was a Convention o
 the colored citizens of the city and -county o
 Philadelphia, held in Hurst street Weslej
 Church, removing after the first day’s sessioi
 to Institute Hall. This was a political con
 vention, held in obedience to the State Con
 vention recently held at Harrisburg, for th&lt;
 restoration of the elective franchise to ou
 politically degraded brethren of this Common
 wealth—a Commonwealth of which I onci
 felt proud to be numbered as one of her fret
 enfranchised sons. But alas that miaerabk
 gathering, misnamed ‘‘Reformed Conven
 tion,” of 1838, which ended its session ii
 this city, despotically wrested from the col
 ored citizen his citizenship, degrading him t&lt;
 the condition of an alien Thus were \v&lt;
 stripped and disarmed of our manhood, six
 left to the mercy of the most consummaU
 demagogue.
 Among the leaders of that memorable high
 handed political mob of 1838, Judge Fox, oi
 Bucks county, and Attorney Reed, of PhHa
 ddphix county, (I believe both dead,) andthal
 pitiable and most miserable of all creatures
 H. Gold Rodgers, of Alleghany county,whom
 the Democrats of that county reeoatmead«j
 to Mr. Van Boren as a suitable person foi
 Consul to Sardinia, is now the wretched in
 mate of an insane asylum, having lost bii
 reason before the mission ended. Rodgers u
 a New Englander by birth and education, and
 the offspring of wealthy parentage, who have
 him under guardianship. He sinned against
 light and knowledge—against reason—strip
 ping, in a trice, fifty thousand freemen ol
 their rights. Of this be was fully conscious.
 It was more than he could bear; hence, he h
 now “smitten of God.** He outraged a great
 ,principle, violated the morel law, one of God'i
 fixed, eternal troths therefore, to suffer the
 penalty of this violation is but an inevitable
 consequence. Sooner or later, the vengeance
 of the law will overtake the transgressor. Ia
 this instance, the light of the transgressor ru
 great; henee, the deed was the more palpa
 ble and aggravated. He did the deed; God
 did his will—God’s will be dene.
 Many interesting resolutions were freely
 end in some instances fully diorama J m the
 Convention, the male atmsns (colored) gen
 erally taking pert in the dehme. A City sad
 measures entered into lor carrying out the
 fwi iaisus of the State Convention.
 J. J. G. Bias was President of the Con
 vention, and who always fremdes with much
 dignity tad great demine of character.
 deed, thsgetljar, 1 prefer Or. Bins hi the
 *haii In aay other eaiered goatlsmsa I know
 m the city ef Philadelphia my only objection
 hsmg, that in seme instances hp in too stem
 and unyielding. Thin, however, arises not,
 in my onua, from any dispsririua an dm
 ftrtof |jflfhai «o arrogate, but from s dispo-
raboe on 10s put to eueiain the dignity «f the
 cfctb, aa f ssalkl part, p dmf
 fitness for the posiw*. Dr- Bn*
 my excitable, uni ooaeeqnmrtly
 -trtiiiuiLL keep his balance in de
 fcwr, and present
 ungraded moments, frank taking P*®* lh
 disenamou of questions. F«tMg"** pu^
 AsJ&gt;r.is kind trad
 «»Me; as a thorough
 reformer, ne man taking a more decided ami
 derated stand in the reform of the church
 and oor religion than J. J. G. Bias. This, l
 am proud here to he aide to acknowledge, as
 Dr. Bias is a minister in good and regular
 ■taadtag in the African Methodist Episcopal
 Church connection, and in point of talent and
 ability, is second to no preacher in the con
 nection who has not had the advantages of a
 regular educa'ion. His love for his race is
 great, at times leading to vague extrava
 gances. Dr. Bias is a man and gentleman,
 needing to be reminded that the greatest ob
 jection to him, even conceded on the part of
 his best friends, is, that he is too vindictive
 against his opponents, which, if not properly
 guarded against, leads at times to unjustifiable
 severity, and may lead to intolerance. Of the
 liberty 1 here take with the Dr.'a names Ido
 so in a public sense—he being a public iron,
 is public property, which, as a journalist and
 general observer, 1 have the right to make any
 proper use of.
 C. L. Remond, my fast friend, and the no
 ble, untiring advocate of the slave and his
 oppressed brethren in this country, and my
 self, were favored with a seat and voice in the
 Convention. Much good, it is hoped, will
 result from these series of meetings.
 On the 25tb, 36th, 29th and 90th, I again
 held meetings in Wilmington, Delaware, and
 consequently left the Convention in Philadel
 phia on the afternoon of the day next to that
 of adjournment. Our brethren of this place
 were much interested in my first visit; hence,
 I could not escape the anxious and continued
 solicitations to return at a given time, which
 according to arrangement was fixed on the
 35th inst.
 The meetings held during this visit were
 interesting in a high degree—many, very
 many of the young people entering into the
 spirit and measures of reform, being stimu
 lated to act and do for themselves, instead of
 waiting for others to do for them, or like the
 man in the fable, looking up to Jupiter to dc
 that for them which God has given them
 strength and means to accomplish for them
 selves. The impression made I hope is a
 lasting one, and will only require renewed
 efforts to kdep up the sensibility or alive the
 seniation.
 Among the young people, a choice charac
 ter is found in the person of Mrs. Mary Anr
 Shadd, niece of the lady of whom 1 spoke ir
 my letter, rising up in the meeting and de
 daring that the subject upon which I spokt
 was the “very, food for which the people’!
 minds iu Wilmington were starving to death,’
 and daughter of that most excellent man
 A. D. Shadd, of Chester county, Pa. Mist
 Shadd is the author of a work, now in press
 on the elevation of our people. I had th&lt;
 favor of examining this pamphlet in manu
 script before it went to press, and take plea*
 ure in saying and recommending it aa a cred
 itable production,and an excellent intoductior
 to that great subject, the Moral Elevation o
 the colored people. This pamphlet will b&lt;
 deposited, as soon as published, at the bool
 store and anti-slavery office of G. W. Goines
 198 S. Sixth street, Philadelphia, atlso at th&lt;
 grocery store of A. J. Williams, French st.
 Wilmington, Delaware; price, 12 1-9 cents
 Miss Shadd is an excellent girl, and wil
 henceforth give her whole attention to writing
 There is one difficulty and grievous wrong
 under which the colored people of Wilining
 ton labor—a difficulty in getting the Nortl
 Star from the post office. One half of ihi
 papers that are sent never reach the subscri
 here in this place, they being told by thns&lt;
 attending the office sometimes one thing am
 sometimes another—sometimes that we ar&lt;
 impostors and have got their money,” aiu
 don’t intend to send the papei—that there ii
 no other North Star’ in existence than tha
 in the heavens—that the paper is sent by inis
 take to Baltimore—that only one or two pa
 pers came this time’—that the paper is no
 published sometimes actually giving one
 person’s paper to another all of these out
 rages ami impositions are practised with im
 punity upon the colored subscribers to oui
 paper in Wilmington, and that too by person!
 in the employment of the United States, whose
 business is to serve the people, instead o
 trampling upon their rights.
 But what better can be expected in a slave
 State, where the will of every white man is
 the law—at least over a colored person 1
 Such numbers of the North Star as they think
 unfit fur the eye of the colored people, they
 read themselves, and then destroy. We
 shall take advantage of this baseness, and
 send our Wilmington package by another ar
 rangement.
 There is one fact, here worthy of remark,
 which is, that the post office arrangements
 under the roost vexatious bungler and amus
 ing excuse for a Post-Master General, Cave
 Johnson, have been the worst managed, and
 moat abused in all parts of the country, of
 any period daring my observation of public
 affiurs. It is fortunate for the people of
 this errantry, that his time in that position is
 but short, when the people will be nd of as
 consummate and contemptible a despot as ever
 toddled in the moccasins of a conceited up
 start. I am indebted for assistance in my
 meetings in Wilmington to Rev. A. &lt;‘oJ«,
 pastor of the Wesley Church, and Rev. Mr.
 Smith, Pastor of Bethel Church.
 You will perceive that my letter was com
 menced several days since; but such have
 been my continual engagements in meetings
 and changes from place to place, that I h#ve
 kept it snfhnshed ustil now. the Ist of Feb
 nrary, before I could make an inta-Higeot eon
 elusion to it,
 G. W. Gomes’ book store sod auitrqjsvevy
 office, No. Hft South Stub street, wfljftftfoe
 Philadelphia office of the North S#. Where
 «ingle copies can hr had, and also tui«4b -*r»
 received. Persons above Arch street, can
 •all at the anti-slavery affice. No. 31 North
 Fifth street, where suhemhsn are received iu
 the North Star.
 Having several meetings to attend between
 this and Monday, I shall leave hare aa Tee*
 day tan for the WsM.cn re foe to Rechrsiet,
 where I esyeet to be ia Match.
ftai ■■■■nil mu i m*i *—f J faithful
 ft Am! of the abve sad his (prnMd country,
 and of nan, Robert Douglass, senior, hu
 gone from labor In reward. He deponed
 this life on the SMi |f January, after a ledt
 oii4 afflict in of protracted duration, in lbs
 78th year of hi* age—-ripe is fear*, and npe
 ig the fruitfulness of works of goodness. He
 ffled the death of the righteous. 1 frequently
 called to tee him befetfe his demise, and to
 one instance had a long conversation with
 him. Itte lamented much, and shed tears at
 the thought, that the young laborers in the
 cause of philanthropy and reform would so
 fkr forget the old as to totally neglect them in
 their bodrs of seelusioa and affliction. This,
 of course, 1 endeavored to palliate as well aa
 I could.
 Though enfeebled by age, and almost
 exhausted with disease, at the mere mention
 of liberty, or the condition of our race, the
 bosom of the old gentleman would heate,
 his eyes sparkle, and all the animation of
 youth and vigor light up the full expression
 of his countenance. May tin* young of the
 present age live so useful a life, and eventually
 die as happy a death
 Yours for God and Humanity,
 M. 1).
Anti-Slavery Lectures at Minerva Hall
 For six successive Sunday evenings, Fred
 erick Douglass has addressed the citizens
 Rochester on the subject of American Sl*
 very. The series have been delivered ir
 Minerva Hall, (the most spacious in the city ,j
 which has been crowded with highly re
 spectable and intelligent audiences, whose
 interest and attention manifestly increased u
 the (inale, on the evening of the 11th inst.
 Tly first lecture was mainly on the natiirr
 of chattel slavery now existing in the Soul It
 em States, illustrated by his ov. n observation
 and experience, and substantiated by the
 bloody code of those States, extracts ol
 which were read and commented upon, cre
 ating a marked sensation in the meeting.—
 The criminality of the system—the absolute
 power exercised by the tyrant over las pros
 trated victim, was an appropriate introduction
 to the several departments into which the
 course was^divided.
 One evening was occupied in showing that
 the responsibility of sustaining this most atro
 cious system continues to rest upon the
 shoulders of the Northern people, withoui
 whose religious and political sanction it couk
 not exist, but would soon be consigned to tha
 grave from whence there is no resurrection
 Abundant proof was submitted of the variuti;
 frateffal relations subsisting between tin
 North and the South, the combined resul
 of which was a compleW subjugation of th
 rights of millions of men, women an
 children.
 Prejudice against color, that unholy hoo
 tendered to slavery by the free Not th, wa
 exhibited in all its malignity. The chute
 debarring the colored man from a free con
 munion, consigning him to a prescribed seat
 the exclusive colored school system, subject
 ing children whose skins are unlike the ma
 jority to assemble from all parts of a city o
 town into a separate division, when the fa
 vored portion are educated in their own di*
 tricts the autt-republican laws of the Kuipir
 State, demanding of the colored America:
 two hundred and fifty dollars as a price fo
 the elective franchise—a right so freely en
 joyed and highly appreciated by every whiti
 citizen, irrespective of the clime where firs
 he drew his native breath; the public con
 veyances, railroads and steamboats, deprivini
 the colored traveller from an equality of privi
 leges—these, with many other features o
 colorphohia were elaborately presented am
 though the citizens of Rochester are a nobh
 exception to the general rule, yet there an
 enough thus infected to profit by tlie applies
 tion administered by the lecture.
 An instructive and gratifying detail wa:
 presented of the operations by which the abo
 litionists had for the last eighteen years aime«
 to influence public opinion, and the glori»ti&lt;
 success with which those means had beei
 blessed. The “foolishness of preaching” hat
 aroused the dormant sensibilities of the na
 tion—the voice of William Lloyd Garrison
 the acknowledged and ever-to-be-rememberet
 pioneer in the cause of immediate emancipa
 tion, had proved potent in summoning to tlx
 standard of reform those faithful men ant
 women who will never yield their convictioi
 or suspend their labors until slavery is final)}
 annihilated. 'Che advance which those prin
 cipies had made within the last ten years wai
 unprecedented by .the annals of any reform
 then, but a few indeed could be found to ad
 mit even the wickedness of slavery now in
 abolition is the all-absorbing topic, differing
 though the multitude may as to the meant
 thereof.
 The liberty party, nor the Free Soil
 party, would never have existed but for the
 agitation put forth by the early movers in the
 cause; though the latter stopped far short ol
 what w as evidently their duty, yet they were
 most earnestly entreated not to retrograde an
 inch, bnt advance until their visit n would be
 come so extended as to be satisfied with
 nothing less than the total removal of slavery
 fiorn the nation.
 The last lecture was a review, in pari, ol
 the recent manifesto of John C. Calhoun
 and fotty other thieves. After alluding
 to the novel and (as some might regard) pre
 sumptuous position which he occupied—vht.
 a fugitive front slavery silting in judgment
 upon Calhoun, the embodiment of that giant
 crime, lie proceeded to speak of the tendency
 in the public mind, to express by an um, the
 various movements of the day, thus: there
 was Uorruenttm, and now we have i 'mihmum
 um—perfect antipodes of each other the
 first universal freedom, the latter lUiuulablr
 slavery. The address of the Southern dele
 gates was freely commented upon, and in a
 manner most heartily concurred in at times
 by the numerous gathering. (The major
 pan of his review has already been submitted
 in the hud number of the Star.)
 An encouraging (act at this course of fee-
 Hits was the presence of n large delegation
 of colored etuaena, which, while it proved a
 heart fch pleasure to the lecturer, must have
 produced a beneficial effect upon the large
 main of their while faJftnw attendants, and
 imparted an instructive anifrii dying influence
 nf«nith— riven.
 The interest of the meeting was aided ma
 teririly by remarks nf John 8. Jaeehs, t
 fcgflin frees Nonb Cirnhaa, and now a Ice
both ft* ft Southern chattel and nominal
 Northern' freeman, awakened many to ih«
 magnitude of the sin to prominently and po
 ealiarly American.
 In taddttkm to tlie enthusiasm created b\
 the addrease*, a glee dub were in attendanew
 and ponied forth, at commencement and
 Hose, their upon freedom’a altar A
 tribute of thanka wa* deservedly presented on
 the laat evening.
 Mr. Douglas*, in eomlusion, spoke of the
 ■any favorable signs of a speedy triumph of
 right over wight, urging the abohiionists to
 be a uncompromiau.g in the appficatio.. of the.r
 prioeiplee;:and acknowledging the abundant aid
 (he cause was daily receiving from the efforta
 uf women, expressed hi* gratitude to the
 audience fur their fretful and kind atten
 tion. The 'following resolution was unani
 mously adopted by the mreimg
 Resolved, Hiat wo hereby tender out
 grateful thanks to Frederick Douglass foi f (i
 si\ consecutive able, instructive, and eloquent
 efforts against American slavery, and w„u},|
 express a hope that the subject may be n*
 sumed at his earliest convenience, believing
 the same will prove a most efficient means t*
 accelerate thn good tune coming.’’
 w. t s.
The Antl*Slavery Fair at Canandaigua
 'i'lie Western New York Anti-Slavery
 (Society propose holding a Fair in fanan
 daigua oh Tuesday, the 27th inst, the aim
 and object of whtHi is to obtain funds for the
 spread of light and truth on the great question
 of American Slavery, through the medium of
 lectures and other means of communication
 with the people.
 I lie aitides to l&gt;* submitted are selected
 from those recently donated by friends in
 I England, Scotland and Ireland, combining the
 useful with the beautiful, as also a rare col
 lection of domestic manufactures, too numer
 ous to mention, but which, on examination,
 will be found to prove temptation to all who
 may be present.
 It is earnestly hoped .hat this effort of the
 Executive (Committee will meet with liberal
 encouragement from the enterprising citizens
 of Canandaigua and vicinity. It is no dis
 paragement of the exertions that the men put
 forth in furtherance of the good cause, when
 we acknowledge the vast benefits contributed
 by women for to their labors are the hairs
 mainly indebted for their crowning success
 Theirs is an ambition the most laudable and
 disinterested they aim tu regenerate the
 common ty ami age in w hich they live—to
 redeem it from the ton I shame of slavery; and
 most tailhtully are their labors and sacrifices
 appropriated to the promotion of Fairs, justly
 regarded by them as an efficient manner of
 I appeal to the consciences, understanding and
 purses. Every unselfish heart must respond
 to their call. Let them be stimulated to re
 i »ewed exertions hy your presence and patron
 age. \onr own souls will he invigorated,
 ami the day of the slaves’ deliverance thereby
 hastened.—w. c. n.
 The National Era expresses its apprehen
 sion that nothing decisive will be done at this
 session of Congress for the exclusion of sla
 very from the new territories. This has
 been our own f'eaT, all along. There is too
 much dough in the present Congress, to allow
 i ns to rely on its doing anything effectual as
 against the Slave Power. The fate of Gott’*
 resolution is a conclusive proof of the (nmt
 and treacherous spirit that controls the House
 of Representatives.— Htrk. Freeman.
 The N. Y. True Sun says that ihe Cali
 fornia fever is at as high a pitch as ever, and
 perhaps on the increase. A stroll along the
 docks, especially on the East river side, m
 the vicinity of the vessels bound lor California,
 will give one an opportunity to witness new
 scenes of excitement. Groups of person*
 going to and retiring from the vessels in great
 excitement, and talking of thousands to be
 realized within a short time in the new El
 Dorado, may be seen ami when a vessel h
 about to depart, a novel scene is present. Ihe
 adventurers with their broad-brimmed hats,
 and with a pair of large boots and gold-digging
 instruments strung on their shoulders, and a
 revolver in pocket, are hastening on board in
 high spirits, aft though on a snort pleasure
 trip. V esse Is are taking their departure daily
 for the gold regions, while their places are
 rapidly filled up by others soon to leave for
 the same destination.
Phenomenon.— The New York Journal of
 Commerce contains an account of a strange
 I phenomenon in the heavens which has been
 i seen by several gentlemen in .that city and
 vicinity, among others by the editor of the
 Journal of Commerce. It is described in a
 communication from Slonington, where it
 I was seen by three individuals, as twinkling
 jat first like a fixed star. Ii increased to ihr* 7-
 or four times its original size and then changed
 color from yellow to a bright icd. It then
 1 gradually decreased like a revolving light in
 a light house, to the size of a h t ar of
 the 4th and 6th magnitude, and then aoain
 increased. Subsequently, while two jieraoiis
 were looking at the phenomenon, u moved
 slowly toward the South, then returned m
 the North, ami then like a pendulum, wring
 back to its centre, moving over several h» t
 of sky.
 The editor of the Athens (Ga.) Banner,
 i nofj*** tlie same phenomenon, as having
 j fhat quarter, and gravely inquire*
 i d *t is a planet on fire. —Hutton Jmtrnui
 j Geneva Medical College—The annual
 i commencement of this excellent Institution,
 loo pl*ce on Tuesday last, the 2?ld inst., on
 1 which occasion the large Presbyterian huirh
 m dial village was filled to overflowing. The
 degree of M. D. was conferred on IK youni'
 gentlemen. An unprecedented incident dis
 tinguished tlie occasion. This was the
 graduation of Elizabeth Blackwell, M. |i
 young lady who studied medicine with lh
 Elder, of Philadelphia, and who after attend
 *»g regular courses of lecture* at Geneva
 ha* been graduated as a Doctor of Medmm
 We understand that Miss B. acquitted h*i
 •elf ua her examinations with very high
 credit, and that site is a young Ldy of un
 common ability. In no other instance m this
 country ha* one of her sex reached the mb'
 of M. D. On^ receiving her Diploma. *b"
 •ddremed the Rev. P,e*de nl m
 u With the help of the
 Muai High* it shall be the effort of my hie to
 shed honor upon this "The Church
 was filled with ladies, attracted by the an
 usual spectacle above mention'd Rorh. Am
Ijnpfror Nicholas will cease to reign
 on the f«t |H6| hy an organic
 law Utdatulfig that MeKnqieror shall reign lor
 more than twealmfive years. Some at St
 reledimh thru* that he writ abdicate m
 favor of the prince royal, Alexander, and o«l»
 era are of opinion that he will convoke the
 yy fepeal the law braving 'the w ill of
 wo* powerful and unscrupulous ansto
 cne f tbevrorkl and expeamg hmtsrit to
KtKiHT or Time.—Punch, on
 ibr flight of I Amos Philippe, I’wlißaiiJ,
 tht Pope, &amp;c Ac., o#4bg the
 1«M tHiomhs. decider that Is4® is decid
 edly entitled to he called the ruoMTitrr yen
 m record.
