Gomuninicatunw.
 Mr. Waite J. I&lt;ewi» ui the Smith**
 Lands,
 FutDiitcK Doceu*:—l hart thii day
 received a letter, which 1 copy below, and in
 justice to all parties concerned, 1 transmit it
 to you for publication. It is certainly proper
 that the whole matter should be placed in a
 proper light before the public. I know noth
 ing personally detrimental to the character of
 Mr I&gt;ewis. /am not, nor was ever, an
 agent for torn, to receive money or otherwise,
 notwithstanding such a statement is made in
 the letter below. lam well acquainted with
 Mr. James 11. Henderson, formerly of Troy,
 N. V.; and in all my intercoutse with him, I
 have found him to be a Christian, a cautious
 man, and of the soundest integrity. He is
 now prospering well upon the lands given im
 in Ease* county by the good Mi- Smith. If
 Mr. Lewis is innocent of the charges made
 against him, 1 hope it will be shown,
 not make any charge. If thisig» are not as
 they are represented by Mr. Liwis and his
 agents, then hare we again been most misera
 bly humbugged, and most shamefully gulled.
 But oi# year ago, the people here lost a large
 amount of money through the agency of a
 land company in New York; and last week
 they paid largely to Mr. Lew is’ agent. 1 his
 matter must be seen to. The grantees can
 not well afford thus to throw away money.—
 California does not extend to New York.
 The best diggers” get but a dollar a-day in
 this region. H.H. GARNET.
 Geneva, February 5, 1849.
West Keene Timbucto, Essex Co. J
 Jan. 29, 1849.
 Rev. H. H. Garnet —Dear Sir:—Read
 and correct, and have it printed if you like,
 and acrid roe a paper. I have been here
 eight months, and I like the land and the
 country well. There is no better land for
 g ram. We get from 25 to 50 bushels of oats
 to the acre. New Jand is the best for oats,
 and for potatoes and turnips of the two last
 articles we get from 200 to 400 to the acre.—
 The farmers here get 46 cents per bushel,cash
 in hand, for their oats. I have seen Mr. J. 8.,
 of Springfield, Mass., and he say* that he
 will move herein the Spring, and will give
 us a start if we will try and help outselves.
 i have seen Mr. Waite J. Lewis, and he says
 that you are an agent for him, money
 ai d send it to him. I have seen some of the
 best men in the town of Keene, and they all
 tell one story about him —that is, that he is
 not a man to he trusted all that he wants is
 the money. We who are here can see and
 know. There has been a letter sent to the
 North Star, telling what kind of a man he is.
 I hear that some think that we ought to mind
 our business. I am likewise informed that
 will let him have money to go to law
 with those who sent the letter from this place
 to the North Star. 1 was one who sent it.—
 1 know the men who sent their names, and
 they are in good standing. I have seen-where
 Mr. Lewis hunted foi the old lines and made
 corners. 1 say hunt, because he does not
 make new lines, nor re-tnark the old ones.
 He does not use a chain, but he has a brass
 wire, ami that he says is ten rods He
 also has his hrotlier-in-law with him; his
 name is L. Jones. The names which they
 put on the corners are written with a lead
 pencil, in a hand as fine as this letter, and he
 does not quarter the lots. 1 could write more,
 but this is enough.
 I remain yours,
 JAMES H. HENDERSON.
 N. B. —Mr. Wait J. Lewis is not known
 here as a Surveyor, and he is not a Post
 master. J h. h.
New Bedford, Jan. 31st, 1849.
 Frederick Douglass :—We have just held
 a large and interesting meeting here in relation
 to the Farming Interest in the State of New
 York, upon which subject we were favored
 with an address by our friend Stephen Myers, i
 of Albany.
 Last Monday evening, 29th inst., a meeting
 was held in Mechanics' Hall. Mr. Ezra R.
 Johnson was called to preside over the meet
 ing, and .T. B. Sanderson appointed Sec
 retary.
 After prayer by Rev. Mr. Tilman, William
 11. Griffin, Secretary of the New York Flor
 ence Fanning Association, read portions of
 its Constitution, opening to the audience the
 objects contemplated in forming the Associa
 tion in New Nork State, and auxiliary Soci
 eties in other States.
 Mr. Stephen Myers was then introduced,
 and addressed the meeting for mote than an
 hour, upon the .subject of farming and the
 interests of the colored people generally.—
 He spoke of our condition in large towns and
 cities, often surrounded by unjust laws and
 prejudiced public sentiment. Everywliere
 great obstacles upjmse our improvement afid
 elevation. Law public sentiment and popu
 lar religion uiuie to crush the colored man.—
 We see it and foci it in our souls. We are
 determined to have a change ourselves only
 ran bring about that change ourselves must
 strike the blow. We must inform and
 strengthen ourselves with knowledge go
 into the occupations of hfe around us with
 intelligence and confidence.
 He spoke of the prospect opened to us by
 ihe benevolence of that great-hearted man,
 Gerrit Smith, in the gift lands, and those
 offered at such low prices, urging upon us to
 usuil ourselves of this opportunity to pur
 chase lands —occupy them—engage in farm
 ing and mechanical occupations. Such a
 course wdl tend to build us up in character,
 wealth and consideration, and hasten the ad
 vent of universal emancipation. Mr. Myers
 *poke of the proposed settlement at Florence
 a# a measure full of encouragement to those
 who design to engage in it. He has a map
 of the proposed village and the lauds around
 n. Many questions in regard to this subject
 were proposed by persons m the audience,
 which were satisfactorily answered.
 At the close of Mr. Myers’ address, our
 fiieod M Brown being present and
 called upon, made some remarks, approving
 the plan proposed by the N ew y ork Farming
 Association. He said the colored people
 have always been a loug-sufforing, patient
 and religious people. That is well. We
 should “seek first the kingdom of heaven and
 »t» rigliienosneas.t? But we must not longer
 suffer ignorance, degradation and abuse .w hen
 we can prevent it. Look up heavenward,
 but look around upon the earth. Get wis-
Ami; be indnstnoon, reonwieal. Leber
 •bo to •eeemnbte the geode of this life. It
 cannot be denied thei this ism* of the strong
 est props that sustains our chime to equality
 A number of oor wirisn* have bought in (be
 Smith lends, sod expect to go end occupy
 them in the spring.
 It was att interesting meeting. Nmg the
 dose, the following resolution wee tgiptedi
 Resolved, That we heartily approroef Xe
 Florence Farming Association and its Hans;
 i and st the same time we have listened with
 gratification and approval to the address of
 Mr Myers, in exposition of those plans
 The meeting then adjourned.
 E. R. JOHNSON, CVn
 J. B, Sandrbboh, Sec'y.
The Spirit of Anti-ftlaoery in Western
 Hew York.
 Since I entered the borders of the Empire
 State, up to this period, judging from what I
 have seen, the cause of freedom has been
 moving forward with signal success. The
 willingness to hear, and the interest manifest
 ed oh the part of the common people has been
 far greater than I expected. I commenced
 at Buffalo, where 1 found both the white and
 colored population awake to the cause of hu
 manity. The latter numerously attended all
 of ray meetings, and gave willing aid the
 cause. The noble-hearted George Weir, Jr.,
 D. Harris, and many others are doing much
 for the moral and religious elevation of our
 people.
 1 held meetings at Lockport, Geneva, Wa
 terloo, Seneca Falls, Syracuse and Utica.—
 At all the above places i found more or less
 of our people; the greater ipart of whom I
 found somewhat interested in the anti-slavery
 cause; and those who are not with us, are
 most generally exerting an influence against
 us. They support pro-slavery presses and
 newspapers, to the exclusion of those which
 are advocating the cause of suffering human
 ity. Others resoit to the gambling-house and
 rum-shops, and thereby bring down reproach
 and disgrace upon our oppressed race. The
 number of colored people living in Lockport
 is about 200. Geneva and Syracuse has
 about the same. Utica Little
 about 50 in each place. Geneva is the most
 aristocratic, pro-slavery hole I have visited.—
 I had the pleasure of visiting H. H. Garnet’s
 splendid school, and address a crowded anti
 slavery meeting in his church.
 When I arrived at Syracuse, I found the
 long-tried and faithful friend of the slave, the
 Rev. Samuel J. May, who received me,
 though a stranger, as a friend and brother;
 and by his aid and co-operation in a series of
 meetings, we made the church ring with the
 appeals of our enslaved countrymen.
 Yours for the oppressed through the land,
 HENRY 8188.
 Little Falls, Jan. 29, 1849.
In another letter the same writer says
 I find that the Florence village is all a
 humbug, and will doubtless do great injury
 to the anti-slavery cause, if it is not exposed.
 I hope that you will not allow your name to
 be associated with it. You are probably
 aware [that your name is published in the
 last number of their paper as being one of its
 officers or agents, as are also many other
 good men’s names, whom I know have noth
 ing to do with it. I have every reason to be
 lieve it to be a cunning trick of an unprinci
 pled clique, whose chief object is to build up
 themselves on the benevolence of our anti
 slavery friends, at the expense of the reputa
 tion of our best and most influential colored
 men. When I arrived at Utica, I found the
 names of five or six colored men reported as
 being the largest land-holders in the State,
 who were going out to Florence to build mills,
 open factories, &amp;c., which I have found to be
 all false.- These men do not own a foot of
 land; neither have they any intention of going
 to Florence; and I am surprised to see the
 names of our best men connected with so base
 a business. Be on your guard.”
Eaton, 0., Feb. 3, 1849.
 Frederic k Docglass:—You have without
 a doubt ere this received the gratifying intelli
 gence of the action on the 30th ult. of the
 Ohio Legislature on the Black Laws, which
 resulted in their unconditional repeal, by a
 vote of fifty-two to ten. The measure was
 unanimously supported by Whigs and Demo
 crats, only six of the former and four of the
 latter voting in the negative. It w ill pass the
 Senate, though not without considerable re
 sistance, by a strong minority. In this body
 there are several members holding their seats
 by pledges made before the election, to go
 against those laws. Some, however,
 begin to show signs of recreancy. The
 other day, one of those so pledged remarked,
 in substance, that he did not believe his obli
 gations to his constituents required him to
 support all, but that part only which relates
 to colored testimony in courts of law against
 white persons. As an act of justice he was
 willing to concede this, but he was not yet
 prepared to swallow a whole “nigger,” wool
 and all.
 A report amendatory to the common school
 law, making provisional arrangements for the
 education of colored children, was made, and
 I think will become a law.
 These achievements of victory over the
 hitherto strong popular prejudices we have
 had to encounter on every hand, are such as
 should make us truly thankful to those who
 have ao successfully advocated our rights and
 rendered ua such signal aid in this our to be
 hoped great triumph. Five years ago, there
 could not have been found a dozen in either
 branch willing to have their names recorded
 in favor of repeal, such was its unpopularity
 at that time. Now there is a clear majority
 of forty-two m favor of it. True, certain
 influences, (and 1 am sorry to acknowledge
 the fact,) tended in some degree to produce
 this result, aside from that of mere considera
 tions to extend the common protection of jus
 tice to the colored man. Notwithstanding
 this, the qoesum has been made one of the
 issues during our last two gubernatorial can
 vsesee; many of those most heMtide at that
 time in their opposition, ware tnndriiHiiiji
 for it, 1 shall forbear expresaNmmp opinion
 as to the motives of those ao acting; Suffice
 it to my, that we at length have in put oor
 rights recognized aftei the lapse of nearly half
 s century. A. J. ANDERSON.
Jonathan Walkeb. —This devoted friend
 of humanity and victim of the American
 slave power, ri how, we learn, at his home m
 Plymouth, Mem., nmch out of health and
otherwise afflicted. Any sympathy extended
 will be gratefully appreciated.
 lo**o*&gt; Jaa 26,1242.
 Newt is scarce, la France things remain
 in a precarious Wale. A gnat straggle is
 going oa there between thorn who am ia
 favor of a distribution of the Assembly, aad
 thorn who are against it. M. Boday de h
 Meurthe has been named Vice-President of
 the French Republic by a large majority.
 Socialist banquet* continue to he held hi
 Paris, at which seditious speeches are male;
 and but recently, an attempt was made by
 some of the malcontents to get up aa entente,
 but it failed. Tim President of the Republic
 is embarrassed both by domestic intrigue aad
 foreign agitation; and whether or got the
 Cabinet will exist many weeks longer in n
 doubtful point. The Legitimists are using
 every exertion for the restoration of the
 Monarchy, and the hopes of the partisans
 of the House of Bourbon are high. They
 speak openly of the return of Henry V.
 There are rumors afloat, that a fleet is now
 getting in readiness at Toulon, to aid in the
 restoration of the Pope; but this is not coo
 firmed. His Holiness remains at Gaeta,
 whence he has recently issued an address to
 the Roman people but. bis threats of excom
 munication yre either unheeded or ridiculed
 by them.
 For the present, Hungary may be said to
 be practieally'subdued. Prince Windiseh
 grati entered Buds Pesth on the sth iost., at
 the head of his troops, without a shot being
 fired. A terrible and uusparing severity has
 pervaded the course of the Imperialists. Kos
 suth has retired to Depurzier, an important
 town between Pesth and Klausenburg. Many
 noble families are plunged into despair on ac
 count of these recent events in Hungary; and
 daily arrests are being made of the leaden of
 the insurrection there. Messaros, the Hun
 garian Minister of war, blew out his brains
 the moment he fell into the hands of the
 Austrian soldiers. On both sides, the war
 has been merciless. The Hungarians were
 not likely to prove a match for the regular
 troops of their enemies, but could the twelve
 teousand Hungarian soldiers (which Austria
 still manages to retain in Italy) have been re
 stored to their homes, the result might have
 been different. S. P. Q. R.
A Comparison.
 Look at Virginia, the ancient Dominion
 the nursing mother of States, of heroes and
 statesmen, and one of the principal founders
 of American freedom. Compare her with
 New York, and how has Time’s whirligig
 dealt with .her 1 New York has an area of
 fifty thousand square miles, Virginia has one
 of sixty-five thousand. The latter has almost
 all natural advantages over the Empire State,
 richer soil, more genial climate, finer mineral
 resources, and far better means of inter-com
 munication, and how do the two States stand
 to one another In 1769 Virginia contained
 a population of 475,000, and New York only
 300,000. And hdw did the figures stand in
 1840? New York had 2,429,000, inhabi
 tants, and Virginia had 1,240,000, a very
 small fraction over half as many. The worn
 out lands of Virginia, is a common phrase
 among the farmers of that State, but whoever
 hears of the worn out lands of New York 1
 What explanation can be given of these as
 tonishing facts l If the productions or ele
 ments tiiat exhibit the prosperity of the two
 be compared, the 'resalts would be still more
 astounding than those wc have shown. Will
 any one pretend that nature made Vir
 ginia the Thrace, and New York the Attica
 of the United States Or is it the work of
 man?
 In 1780, Kentucky contained 75,000 inhab
 itants, and Ohio had but 3,000. In 1840, the
 census showed that Ohio hatf a population of
 1,520,000, and Kentucky only 780,000. The
 question returns upon us, why are these
 things so 1 Is Kentucky inferior to Ohio in
 climate, soil, mineral wealth, manufacturing
 or commercial facilities? Truth answers,
 tiiat instead of being inferior in any of these
 items, Kentucky is superior to Ohio in each
 and every one of these sources of prosperity.
 What, then has produced these results 1 Are
 not these political problems full of grave and
 important subjects for the solution of the peo
 ple of Kentucky l Do we not owe it to the
 people of the Commonwealth, to ourselves
 and to posterity, to ponder over these things.
 —Louisville Courier.
Emancipation in Kentucky.— The fol
 lowing joint resolutions, preceded by a pre
 amble, have been introduced into the Legisla
 ture of Kentucky
 Be it enacted, &amp;c. That, in the opinion of
 this legislature, the present agitation of the
 subject of Emancipation is premature andl
 must result in evil, uud only evil.
 Resolved, That the only hope of relief to
 Kentucky from the vast and acknowledged
 evils of Slavery is in a long, gradual course
 of preparatory legislation in combination and
 in unison with private and voluntary effort,
 and in the ultimate colonization of the blacks
 beyond the limits of the United States.
 Resolved, That in view of the great curse
 of a free colored population to any community
 in which they are incorporated, the early
 creation of a moderate sinking fund, with
 the purpose of assisting in getting lid of and
 colonizing the blacks now free, or such as
 hereafter become free in Kentucky, would be
 a wise, prudent, and laudable expenditure of
 money by the people of this Commonwealth.
 Resolved, That this great cause,' iu the
 magnitude of its interest, and in the difficulty j
 of its accomplishment, is worthy of the
 exertion of the National energies.
 Resolved, That our Senators be instructed,
 and oar Representatives be requested to urge
 upon Congress the propriety ot the creation
 of a National sinking fund out of the proceeds
 of the public lands, to aid the efforts and pro
 mote the ends of Colonization, and of con
 tributing to the ends in any other proper way;
 and if there be no efficient constitutional war
 rant for these purposes, to propose, sustain,
 and pass the necessary amendment to tbe
 Constitution.
 Slavery in Kentucey. —The MaysviHe
 Eagle publishes the following project as that
 which meets the view's of most of those in
 Kentucky who desire the emancipation of
 their slaves.
 First—AH slaves now in existence, eg born
 in Kentucky before the first of January, 1860,
 remain slaves for Hfe.
 Second.—-Let all male slaves born after
 January, 1860, be free at twenty-five, and all
 females bom, after the same period, be free at
 twenty one—provided, that upon reaching
 that age, they shall be hired oat for two
 yean, or longer, if necessary, until a fond
 shall be accumulated sufficient to transport
 them to Liberia, and give them a start ia that
 colony.
A Shrewd Boy.—“ Coma hers my lad,’
 said an attorney, to a boy about nine yearn
 old. The hoy came, and asked the attorney
 what ease was to bs tried next!”
 The lawyer answered, a ease between
 the people and the devil—which do yon think
 will be the saont likely to gain the action*”
 The hoy replied, I guess it mil to i
 men. bud sqeeeae—the people hau the meat
 money bat the fevil tbe mast lawyers.”
 Fmw Ash. —Men need seven eshe feet of
 air a minute, and ha who shots himself up
 w here be does not have seven feet of fresh ur
 a minute might aa windy shat himsnif off
 from s supply affeod.
which have taken price Imhw put the rights of
 humanity oa a more elevated pedestal. ITai
 veisal suffrage has so for gained for itself m
 power is the government of continental states,
 wto deprem the general estimate of class
 privileges, laddtot a respect for mb as man.
 This in an imawro strife* tbe path of im
 provement, aad one, the advantages «f which
 sro not yet developed. It as much dear
 gain to the eanee of freedom. If m Great
 Britain vre have made ah advance ia this
 dixectiae, we have the confident assurance
 that we cannot long lag behind. FeudaKsm,
 destroyed elsewhere, will not be able to main
 tain itself her. Saxon movements are pro
 verbially slow, but rimy are sure. Already
 we detect symptoms of a riper stale of pub
 lic opiaioo. The experience of the last
 twelvemonths has not bqpa low upon the pub
 lic mind. A desire for cheap government
 begins to pervade all classes, not absolutely
 interested in the maintenance at abases. But
 cheap government cannot he had without
 placing it upon a broad popular bum.. Poli
 tically and ecclesiastically, the public Mtod is
 maturing for extensive changes. These ap
 pearances confirm our confidence in the wise
 and gracious designs of Him who overrules
 all. By various means, he is evidently pre
 paring to let the oppressed go free.” What
 wonders the next year may evolve lie beyond
 our ken, hat it will be a remarkable one, in
 deed, if it prove as eventful as the year 1848.
 Nonconformist.
 California Gold. it is impossible to
 resist the temptation of speculating upon the
 effects of this great event. The possession
 of gold was'a curse to Spain; her blunders
 ruined her, and other nations reaped the chief
 advantage. Spain will be a warning to the
 States our present knowledge on economical
 subjects will save them from a repetition of
 her old mistakes. A temptation this region
 will be; for a time it will draw enterprise
 from slower, surer channels, to return when
 novelty is over, and old necessities assert
 themselves again. To us in England it will
 be a gain. Our manufactures will find a field,
 our snipping a new goal, our emigrants more
 room. Its final effects must be great and
 good; still is there in the earth much land to
 be peopled, and to lead men to go forth, some
 strong inducement must arise. Long, long
 years must have past ere this far-off region
 could have been filled, but now a people will
 arise in a day. The frontiers of Anglo-Sax
 ondom will be advanced, and the ultimate
 destiny of that race, to) rule the whole New
 World, will be unmistakeably proclaimed.
 The used-up races of South America will be
 replaced, and the dependents of the North
 men will show the universality of their genius,
 by being equally at home amidst Canadian
 snows and tropical heats. Let this encourage
 us to strive to purify the fountain that the
 streams may be purs.— Btrm. Mercury.
 The Palace of the French President.
 —The palace of the Ely see Bourbon, where
 the President is to reside, was built in 1718,
 and was then called the Hotel d’Evreux.
 Madame de Pompadour purchased it from
 the Evreux family, and kept possession of it
 until her death, in 1764. It then became the
 property of the financier Beaujon, who sold
 it in 1786 to Louis XVI. It next became the
 property of the republic, but was not turned
 to any use. Under the Empire, Murat pur
 chased it; and at the second restoration the
 state seized on it without paying attention to
 the claim of Murat’s family. The law which,
 after 1830, fixed the civil list of Louis Philippe,
 had appropriated the Elysee Bourbon as the
 residence of Queen Amelie, in case she
 should survive her husband. This palace was
 the last place inhabited by Napoleon before
 he took Lib departure in 1815 it was there
 be alighted in June 21, after the battle of
 Waterloo; and it was there he signed his
 abdication in favour of the King of Rome.
 Seventy-two Persons Suffocated. —On the
 Ist of December a steamer laden with live
 stock, left the West of Ireland for Liverpool.
 Her course lay around the stormy and iron
 bound shores of Donegal. Nearly two hun
 dred steerage passengers—poor emigrants,
 men, women, and children —were crowded
 on her deck, crouching in the cold and wet
 amongst the cattle. Their plight would have
 been a piteous one had the weather been
 propitious. But on that wild coast, in mid
 winter, calms are not to be looked for. A
 storm arose—the fore part of the deck, where
 the emigrants lay, was swept by the heavy
 seas—the cattle, half drowned, half strangled
 by their halters, unable to keep their legs, foil
 and died, crushing the alarmed and sea-sick
 women and children huddled amongst them.
 No man who has not witnessed the violence
 and helplessness of horses and oxen in a
 storm at sea, can adequately picture to him
 self the horrors of such a scene.
 As the gale increased, it became necessary
 to send the steerage passengers below. In
 spite of their resistance, they were actually
 forced into a den, 18 feet long, 12 wide, and
 7 high. One hundred and ninety people—wet,
 crushed, bleeding, and sea-sick—were com
 pressed into a space considerably less than
 that comprised in the interior of three omni
 buses This black-hole was ventilated by a
 single aperture.
 The door of this prison having been secured,
 the little steamer proceeded gallantly on her
 way—through, rather than over the seas.
 Her captain, fearing lest his vessel should
 founder, or his passengers be drowned,
 ordered a tarpaulin to be nailed over the fore
 hatchway, the sole air-hole by which the
 suffering wretches below were enabled to
 breathe. Their stifled cries aad groans
 reached the ears of the crew as the wind
 lulled but the noise, the work, and the dan
 ger on deck, prevented any attention being
 paid to them, until the steamer had rounded
 the northern point of Ireland, and found a
 harbor of refuge in the smooth waters of
 Loch Foyle. Then the captain bad leisure to
 examine into the state of the emigrants below.
 Their cries and groans had been succeededffiy
 a suspicious and a fearful silence. A candle
 introduced into the fore-cabin, was instantly
 extingaisbed by the foul exhalations which
 emanated from it when the door was unlocked;
 and on air being admitted, a right presented
 itself, the horrors of which are unsurpassed
 by the gravest atrocities of the Middle Pan-
 T one solid mass of agoej and dissolution
 lay compressed the living, the dying, and the
 dead The survivors, blackened and dis
 torted, were with difficult and by force,
 disentangled from the death clutch of their
 kinsfolks and friends. Nearly half the num
 ber who had, on the previous evening, fees
 forced down into that fore-cabin, bad been
 emotbered.—Loiwfon Chronicle.
 Female Extra vac ance.— The incurable
 love of bargains.”
 When things get to the wont, they gen
 erally take a turn for the better.” Tbit
 psoverb applies more particularly lo a lady’s
 silk dress—when she cannot get a new one.
 —Punch.
 The Tsimnca Cloud ash' the Dew Dsor.
 We trembte when the thonder-clood bursts
 ia fury over oor heads; the poet aeries on
 the terrors of the storm to add to the interest
 of hie rorae. pmnts
 inlribtoSptiMd they are heralded by thus
 derT 1W wild imaginings have been the
 of I mankind: these is sarieet fat

 the dew-drop which ghstena cm the fewer,
 that the tear which trembles oe the eye-lid,
 L IJ pxtfari te its transparent cells so imnnei
 Poetry afSaence.
 Bdeeatiro a cMtmeejsmifewor
 Mintemipu.,
 ou 1,
Commercial.
fVh. 1 tM9.
 H» nnm l «wn by ito mmmm hm |tm Mt
 iIMMM N» the FW market, bat we have hswrd ui
 mmlm'm tM» eity siac* th* arrival. Akrf 1M
 *A» fc* «B*i Mnaday &lt;H,|»a fctUw&gt; n aaw
 Mkißf higbar taiea. Whw ii wet* &gt;1 amJ
 mmm eater haaehetammh a* lift atfltt. Thaw
 m —a On— Seed arriviag, mtd we heard ytmt
 day W S;ib a let of
 IM bank. at #t 70. Bo* late w«*e aie* aadcltaa.
KacheKar Wldmle fncn Cwitat.
 FI.OUR *»b MEAL—Duty RfcWul
 Fluar.* bbl 5 00*350
 Cm ml, f n
 PROVlSlONS.—Duty;Bt*f,Park,Haaw, Baroa,
 Better aad Lard, 20 (p c; (InwMf cid val
 Pork, (me*) .12 00
 Do. to ho* 4 00 4 60
 Beef, cat- 3 50 4 50
 Do. bbi. (BMW) 700 800
 Lard (tried) ?ft 7*
 Do. (leaf,) 0..
 Haaw, (smoked) 7 0 8
 Shoulder*, do i• 0
 Turkeys Ip ft ..0
 Chickens ..0
 Potatoes, bask 0 SQ
 GRAIN—DaIy; 20 e ad v*l
 Wheat, hush I 10
 Cora 43 0.. R
 Rye 0 60
 Oats 28 0 SI
Barley 50
 HIDES—Duty; 5 c ad val
 Slaughter 3|
 Calf ..10
 Sheep Pelts 12* 25
 SEEDS—Doty; Linseed 10 fc; Mustard 20 f
 e ad eat
 Clover 350
 Timothy 130 0
 Flax 1 00
 FlSH—Duty on foreign caught; 20 $p cad val
 Whitefisb bbl 6 75
 Codfish ca t 3 25
 SUNDRIES—
 Salt, r bW 1 06
 Apples, (p bush .25
 Do. dried 0.. 62$
 Eggs, Ip dot 15
 Beans, Ip bush 75 M 1 00
 Hay, |p ton 10 00
 Hard wood
 Soft Wood
2Uu)ertiseincnts.
JOB PRINTING.
 THE NORTH STAR OFFICE, is furnished
 with new Job Type, for the execution of every
 description of Printing with neatness and despatch,
 atthe lowest prices for cash, vit:
 Hand-bills, Blanks, Bill-heads,
 Programmes, Circulars, Bills of Lading,
 Pamphlets, Cards, Labels, &amp;c.
NARRATIVE OF THE LIFE OF FREDER
 ICK DOUGLASS, written by himself, to ha
 had at this office, price 30 cents.
CHARLES JONF.S, North Star House, No. 26,
 North Street,fbetween Fifth and Sixth, and
 Market and Arch streets, Philadelphia.
 Strangers visiting the city will find the North
 Star House the most central, convenient and com
 fortable House in Philadelphia.
 Philadelphia, Dec. 1, 1848 3m49
New Watch aid Jewelry Store.
 JOHN KEDZIE having changed his partnership
 relations, has removed his Shop two doors
 I North to No. 11, State Street, where he is prepared
 successfully to compete in the sale of an entire new
 Stock, of Goods, consisting of Gold and Silver
 English, Anchor, Horizontal and Vertical Watches,
 I Gold Guard and Fob Chains, Gold Seals and 7"
 Gold and Silver Pencils* Spectacles and Thimbles,
 Gold Ear-Rings, Bracelets, and Finger-Rings—a
 good assortment, cheap; a variety of Ladies’ and
 Gentlemen’s Breast-Pins, new style; double and
 single Hunting gold and plated Lockets, Gold Pens,
 best quality, Silver and Shell Combs and Cases,
 Fine Cutlery, &amp;c. &amp;c.
 The above and a variety of other desirable Goods
 usually kept in our business, are offered on more ad
 vantageous terms than usual; and it is particularly
 desired that the goods should be examined, and
 prices ascertained, before pnrchasipg elsewhere in
 this market.
 We manufacture and keep on hand a good assort
 ment of Silver Spoons, warranted as pure as Ame
 rican coin.
 Will also keep an assortment of Accordeoos and
 other Musical Instruments, which will be void very
 low.
 We intend to keep a good assortment of the best
 Bras* Eight-day, 30 hour, and alarum Clocks, as can
 be found in this city.—Call and see them.
 WATCH REPAIRING, faithfully done and war
 ranted by an experienced workman.
 Farther particulars at No. 11 State Street.
 J. KEDZIE Co.
 P- S.—To the Fanners in particular we would
 give notice, that we have a variety of Barometers
 which will give that knowledge of the changes of the
 weather, so as to be able to adopt his business to its
 variations. Please call and examine them, as every
 man ought to have one.
 Sep. 15, 1848. 6m.
 Hair-Cvttivg and Dressing at
 RALPH FRANCIS’s Saloou, under the Eagle
 Buffalo-street jul 14—3 m
 Asylum for the Sick who have been con
 fined to their beds from 1 to 30 years.
 DR. HAMILTON’S Hydropathic and Analytic
 Asylum, No 217 Exchange-Street, opposite the
 Orphan Asylum, Rochester, N.Y. This Institution
 is now firmly establislied and in successful opera
 tion. The proprietor analyzes every disease that is
 admitted there, and applies the natural and appro
 priate remedy. A (though water is used in every wa\
 that is applied in any water-cure establishment iii
 the United States, yet the proprietor washes it to lie
 expressly understood that it is not relied on as the only
 or principal lemedy in the treatment of disease sub- j
 miued to his care.
 This Establishment is designed for that class of
 invalids who have failed to obtain their health by alt
 other systems af taractice, and are still uuabfe u&gt;!
 walk or stand on their feet, and are confined to their
 beds, wearing out a life of misery and suffering w ith i
 out any hope of ever being any better.
 The remedies made turn of in this Institution notj
 only entirely remove disease hut give increase*! i
 strength and elasticity to the system. Many have 1
 bees brought here from different puts of the coun
 try, who had neither wattted or borne their weight
 on their feet from five to fifteen yean; and some j
 who have been unable to drew or undress, or even
 to feed themselves, and in the coarse of a few weeks
 would he walking with the elasticity of youth and
 the quickness of a pedestrian, astonished at them
 selves, aad surprising their friends and sH who saw
 than when tbev first came. The treatment of this
 Institution is particularly calculated to remove the
 diseases peculiar to females, sack as
 Ist. The felling of the Womb, in all its stages
 and ceadhioas in patients, from twelve years of age
 tg) to sixty, and even if they have been confined to
 their beds from one to twenty, unable to stand, walk,
 dress, or sndrese themselves, or even too feeble to
 hear nay noise or yt aloud.
 2d- Weakness and Failing of the Bowels; Pain
 io the Side, Shoulders, Back aad Head; Spinal
 Diseases, Liver Complaints, Staking Sensation at
 the Sinai rb, Palpitation of the Hewn, Dyspepsia
 ia alt its forms and stages, Piles, Costiveness, Di
 arrhoea, Suppression of dm Meases, Excessive
 Menstruation, Whites, all Nervous Diseases, Cold
 Feet aad Hands, St. Anthony’s Dane*. Tsuen of
 alt kinds, Salt Rhf, ia its worst fonts, Neural
 gia, Tic Douloureux, Rheumatism, Coaaumptiod in
 ks first stages, General Weakness aad Debduy.
 The proprietor has given his whole attention to
 the above diseases for the last tan yeas*, aad has
 treated them in an entirely different way from any
 other private practice ar public Inot karma m tins
 country; aad sach has been his sacness. and eo etr
 tain are Ida remedies in their effect* an thane dis
 eases, that instead «f pnhHshing a long hat ef e*r-
 tojfet invalids
 pttmnnr drecysioa, aa that no ons need hi toaey
 The proprietor mil cater into a special contract
 with anyone whn wiahea to d» aa, dim he wift ad
 orn into the lastimtion, la advance the money aad
 SM^Shnktom'mSk
 toMFWCWm fiflV plfv MUffpJ VO IMtoy tuCUi
 if he daw am help them accorffsf to
 gmranton agamai micrrpi reeatations and expense
 addmaaad la Dr THOMAS
 HAMILTON, Imhsu.r, pm paid, w«fi yisu
 ?S/p^^S!sr£Jl’3SS^
 fuqumtop
BOWB. fat?.. Fur Safe *r Atrr«-*U.*J«V
 X# Ovrtct k R* J'hf
 fcfnil Stray snwnmte tbs Arcade:
 Nam***# a f*£tick
 Imhilm Wnfarr.
 Portrait
 Q|w—t m PiM«»iuiniulitT «rfSfarery-
 WT PViJlif. u, 4a.
 Ugwnofl.ifairty.
 S**"7 iMwrraw'd its 4N otWuw.
 ItuanriinnHysC kn aid mM articles
 ftmde bribe Ladies* Aati-Sle%ery Sermtv
 drTa] CLA«k7
 DENTAL SURGEON.
 IwowM irfl|KttfiBv ij4jm the eibifu mt Knthwtfr
 and ran maiding rnMnr, dal I k*w an
 aftw from No Bft Smith** Aradp l*» my ihattwit
 knw No. 92 Noam Street.
 IkuMalAr pax favor* in die line a f my prafev
 sinw, and ftattering myself that I ran give perfect
 satisfactfea to al wfe&gt; aaj favor imp with I heir pa*
 troaage. 1 would invite all llote who are de
 wou ©fhnviof operation* preformed am die teeth or
 of having teeth inserted to rad oa me ud utwl'j
 themselves
 A. CLARK.
 N. B. AH operation* performed by me on the
 teeth and Plate Work warranted.
 Rochester, Oct. IS, 18tf. tf.
NEW Nir FACTORY.
 TfE subscriber taken (hie method to inform the
 citizen* of Rochester and vicinity, that he ha*
 jnst established a Pump Factory, at manber 224.
 Main street, where he will be happy to wait upon all
 who may favor him with their patronage.
 Having had considerable experience in his line nf
 business, he pledges himself to furnish as good an
 article, and of as good material, as can be procured
 at any other simitar establishment in this city. His
 Puinpi are famished with either wood or lead pipe,
 as may suit customers. He also susppties, to order,
 every descriptidh of Aquedurt Logs, or Lewi Pipe.
 The subscriber will take pleasure in directing such
 of his customers as may ret pi ire the information, to
 competent workmen, who will attend to all calls for
 digging, drilling, or Wasting welb, promptly, and at
 reasonable rates. AU kind-* of Pumps repaired to
 order.
 Q[&gt;- The above work will be famished at the
 fewest prices, for cash. Persons will do well to
 give him a call before purchasing elsewhere.
 i J. R. FELT
 Rochester, July 14,1848. 1y29
New and Seekid-Haid Clothing,
 At 48, Exchange Street, Rochester.
 LLOYD SCOTT would roost respectfully inform
 his friends and the Public generally, that he has
 constantly on hand an excellent assortment of New
 and Second Hand Cfotliing, such as Coats, Panta
 loons, Vesta, &amp;c., with which he will supply
 Customers at the most reasonable Prices.
 L. S. desires also to inform the Public, that he
 attends to repairing and renovating, which lie war
 rants to be done at the cheapest rate, and in tbe
 best and neatest possible manner. His long experi
 ence in the business warrants him in assuring all
 who may patronise him, that his work shall lie done
 to their entire satisfaction.
 Rochester, July 14,1848.
TRUCKSt TRUNKS!
 rpHE first quality of article is to be had at LAING
 X BONNELL’9 new Establishment, No. 59,
 State Street, Rochester. Also a general assort
 ment of Valises, Travelling Bags, &amp;c., which are
 offered at the very lowest prices for Cash.
 Carriage Trimming executed in the latest style
 and with dirpatch, by J. T. Laing, at his old stand
 in State Street, opposite the Mansion House.
 J. T. L. having had extensive experience in tbe
 Eastern markets, hopes to give satisfaction to a
 generous public who sliall favor him with their pa
 tronage
 Rochester, July 14,1848. 3m
FIST AND WILLIS, Dealers in Drugs, Medi
 cines, Cliemicals, Dyne Stuffs, Paints, Varnish,
 Oils, Glassware, Brushes, Perfumery, Daguerreotype
 Stock, French anti German Chemicals, Artists’
 Colors, Brushes and Canvass, Etherial Oil, Gold
 V r Foil, tic. Ac.
 Agents for most of the celebrated Family
 and valuable Patent Medicines, and receiving the
 same directly from tbe Manufacturers or their Agents,
 they are enabled to supply all orders at wholesale
 and retail, on tbe most favorable terms.
 Homoeopathic Books, Medicines, and Family
 Cases, with full directions. Only agents for West
 ern New York.
 Also, Sherwood’s Vibratory Magnetic Machines,
 with directions.
 Phosgene Gas; also Etherial Oil and Lamps, for
 borntag the hhw. Those who would consult eco
 nomy and convenience are invited to examine these
 Lamps. The attention of Country Merchants, Phy
 sicians, Families, and others, wishing goods in the
 above Line, is requested at the APOTHECARIES’
 HALL, 4, Exchange Street.
WAIT J. LEWIS, Land Surveyor, Keene, Essex
 County, N. Y. Owners of Land in the Coun
 ties of Essex, Franklin, or Hamilton, can have their
 Lands Surveyed on reasonable terms.
AUBURN and ROCHESTER
 RAIL-ROAD
 ON and after Monday, 23d October the tliree Pass
 enger Trains will be arranged as follows—
 Eastward. —To leave Rochester at 12$ a.m.,
 11 a.m., and 7* r.M.
 Westward. —To leave Auburn at 2 3m a.m.,
 4 3in a.m., and 43m p.m.
 On and after the Ist November, the fare between
 Rochester and Auburn will be $2 20 in first class
 cars. Tickets will also be sold entitling the bolder
 to a seat in tbe Emigrant cars leaving Rochester at
 7$ p. M., at reduced prices, to he published hereaf
 ter.
 These tickets are from Rociiester to Syracuse,
 Utica and Albany only, going East. This train is
 timed to run to Albany in 18 hour*from Rochester.
 The other two trains are timed to run tliere in 14
 hours each.
 WM. WILEY, Superintendent.
 Rochester, Oct, 20, 1848.
Beef—Beef—Beef!
 A&amp; J. SHAW, Butcher*, 3, Centre Market,
 beg to return their sincere thanks to the
 citizens of Rochester, for the liberal patronage lie
 stowed upon them since they opened tbe above
 place. Moreover, it is their earnest desire, by
 strict attention t business, ami keeping always oil
 hand ail article of the first quality, to merit a still
 farther extension of the patronage already so liber
 ally conferred upon them.
 N.B. 'IVy have at present on hand prize beef o
 the first quality, fed by Mr. Murdoch, Farmer,
 Sandy creek, Orleans County, N. Y.
BOSTON ADVERTISEMENTS.
NEW’ BOOKS.
 FOR SALE at the Anti-Slavery 2 l,
 Cornbil!—namely,
 The Liberty Bell for 1848. A few copies remain.
 Life of William W. Brown, 2d Edition, with addi
 tional matter and new engravings. Price, bound,
 37$ cl*; in paper covert, 25 ct».
 Mr. Shack ford*. Appeal in regard to tbe War with
 Mexico, 12$ cts.
 Position and Duties of tbe North, with regard to
 Slavery. By Andrew P. Peabody. 5 cts.
 Six Months at Graefenberg. By Henry C. Wright.
 81 Jhi.
 Dick Crowniagskield, the assassin, and Zachary
 Taylor, the Soldier; the Difference between
 them. By Henry C. Wright. 3 cts. single; 26
 cts. per dozen.
CLARKSON,
 LONDON EDITION—WITH PORTRAIT.
 A FEW copies of CLARKSON’S HISTORY
 OF THE ABOLITION OF THE SLAVE
 TRADE, with prefatory remarks on the eufweqneat
 abotuaai of Slavery; a brant ifnl London edition,
 with s fine Portrait of the Author, done on steel,—a
 book which conk! not he imported for h*s than three
 faHara, can he had at 21, Cornbil), if aptifieri for
 immiilintely, u far wmy few price efO«« Dollar,
 rash. AW, EL LOG lIM ON CLARKSON, by
 XL******** Crcmmrll, a t the reduced price &lt;4
 tmnve aad a half eents.
MACON B. ALLEN, Attorney and ConutUsr
 at Law, HasMKhttsetts Block.
BOYS’ CLOTHING.
 SjMWKt. WiLflOff, |O, Brattle Since, bviu
 xMHio— fclwnA, it Bwwrtd to
 C V ynUW ■Uriel
 STekiT &lt;4t^prM Ufck^l
 SECOND HAND
 CLOTHING STORE,
 TOM* °WW«WT fc**i»* K -”l B&lt; j ITo
 c**fcis r l’-■irtSsr^is'.
 pnnjriy nw4wl «*l **»*y
HOIK fOR REFORMER A.
 r f*HE sabH-tJhnr haw rt snort d to that mt, crave*
 X meat. am! tyntraJ hoarding -bowse. No 2| Central
 Court, where ho will he amst happy to wefeense snrae
 ,L_ E* v m-mj, i b I RoXnMu mi wimiw r ■mm n
 09 twW ffWlOi.W MV rffMMMIMIraP fW|W*
 He wishes his house to be the rewtral pinto to Boo
 toa.whArethefriiwileefTevnpermsre. Peace, Purity,
 Freedom. fan Prinwmr. ke.,maymeef together,sod
 aTilS Washington street
 JOHN MBPF.AR
 IWms, A ag, tf NR.
 rIOMAS T. SMITH, No. n. Brattle Street
 sign of the Galfaa Balk New nad Sfeond
 hand Clothing Store.
Tie MumclimUs Ourtirlflf vif v«
 (XIMMENCED oa the fan of December, 194?,
 vy to be coot tatted on the l»t of Mart h. June, and
 and September. It will be devoted to the interest
 of wo party or ebss, but its conductors will eadea
 vor to present an opew and fair field for tbe notice
 ami di*rtw»io« of matter* pertaining to Ph*fe*of&gt;hv.
 Pobtira, Liieratnre, Religmo. and llnmamiv
 The Review will be coodor ted bo R. W F.*rar
 soo, Theodnte Parker, and J. F.Bwt Cabot, assisted
 by several other gentlemen.
 Each number will contain aboat 125 pages, at the
 price &lt;*f A 3 a year, in advance.
 Communications, soherriptioas, far. should be
 addressed to the Publishers,
 COOLIDGE It WILEY,
 12, Water Street, Boston
ROBERT MORRIS, Jr., Attorney and Com
 *elk»r at Law, Bra ter’* Building, State Street,
 Boston.
JOHN D. REYALEON, Hair Cutting Saloon,
 and Perfumery Emporium, 114, Bbckstooe-st.
NEW YORK ADVERTISEMENTS.
JUST PUBLISHED, ami for sale at the office of
 of the Anti Slavery Standard—
 The I.r-gion of liberty, and Force of Truth, 10th
 edition-
 This work contains about 290 pages of close
 reading; AOO eminent authorities, and about sixty
 illustrative engravings. Price 37$ cts. in muslin,
 and 25 cent* in paper covers. A vety liberal dis
 count to those who purchase a number of copies.
 The Condition, Influence, Rights, and Appeal of
 Women,from various authors, 12$ cents.
 Letter to the People of the United States, touching
 the Matter of Slavery. By Theodore Parker.—
 pp. 120. Price 18$ cehts.
 Win. W. Brown’s Lecture before the Female A A.
 Society of Salem, Mass. Reported by H. M.
 Park Imrst, Boston —pp. 22. Price 5 cents.
WILLIAM S. POWELL, Sailor's Home, 61,
 Cherry Street.
 DR. J. M’CUNE SMITH, 93, West Broad
 way.
TJINNINGS, Surgeon-Dentist, 185, North
 Broadway.
JOSEPH C. HOLLY, Boot and Shoe Maker,
 No. 97, Cranbery Street, Brooklyn.
 N.B. Repairing neatly executed at the shortest
 notice and on the most reasonable terms.
PHILIP A. WHITE, Druggist, comer of Frank
 fort and Gold Street.
GENTEEL BOARDING HOUSE.
 /CHARLES HIGHGATE, would respectfully in
 v&gt; form his friends and the public, tlwt he continues
 to devote every attention to those pleased r» favor
 liis "home” with a call. The house is plea unity
 located at 632 Broadway, Albany.
 Feb. 18, 1848.
WILLIAM RICH, Hair Dressing and Hathiu»
 Saloon, Troy House, Troy, New York.
NEW PUBLICATIONS.
 WILL BE READY IN A FEW DAYS,
 Walker’s Appeal, with a brief sketch of
 his life by Henry Highland Garnet.
 Also, Garnet’s Address to the Slaves nj the Uni
 ted States. This address was repealed by the Na
 tional Convention at Buffalo in 1848. The edition
 is small, and those who desire copies will do well to
 send in their orders early.
 JUST PUBLISHED, a Lecture entitled Tint
 Past andPresekt Condition op the Colo*
 ED Race, by Henry Highland Garnet.
 Published at Troy, N. Y. Orders attended to.
 April 28, Bm.
General Intelligence Office,
 6EO. W. GOIXES having opened an Establish
 ment at the Philadelphia I.vstitoti,
 Lombard Street, above Seventh, for the purpose „f
 procuring honest and faithful domestics for tho-e
 wlk. may require them, and obtaining places for
 such as are qualified and in want lliereol, begs leave
 to refer to the following named gentlemen, wlm have
 kindly permitted the ure of their names ns
 REFERENCES:
 Annrew M’Makin Editor of the American Courier
 Robert Morris, Editor of the Inquirer
 Jasper Harding, Publisher of the Inquirer
 Charles J. Peterson, Editor of Neal’s Gazette
 Thos. B. Florence, Editor of Times ami Keystone
 Robert Howell, 88, Chesnut Street
 Hillkun J. Mullen, 278, Catherine Street.
 Philadelphia, Sept. 1, 1848. ly—36.
J*; f*E47K, Phy-icmn and Surgeon, Phi
 ladelphia Institute, Lombard Street, ulk.v..
 Seventh.
FREE PRODUCE STORE.
 NEW GOODS just reared. General reduction
 in prices.
 Fine 4-4 Prints, various »tj le*.
 New styles of Prints of medium quality, usual w i.tih
 tine ami wide Paper Muslims. Also Colored
 Cambrics.
 C yco Superior fine Chintz Umbrellas.
 Oil Cloths.
 Satinets, good ami cheap. Also on hand, mostly at
 reduced prices, Ginghams, various qualities and
 styles.
 Fine and heavy Shirting, Sheetings, and I'ilh.w
 Muslins.
 Striped Cambrics. Fine 6-4 Plaid Muslin.
 Muslin de Lain*, plain ami nealK figured, all wool
 Linens, warranted free from rot ton.
 Flannels 4-4 good ami jaice low. Canton flan.w b,
 white ami colored.
 Table Diaper awl Cfetlw, of different «fvle^.
 Apron and Furfoture Check. Cotton Ifondken hief-
 Cotton Twilled Pantaiomi Stuffs. Also
 Drilling, lie.
 lamg and half Hose, fine and heavy.
 Knitting Colton, various Non., blcm lied, browo, ;,j,d
 colored.
 Wadding, white and colored C. tl.-n La(&gt;s. Al
 Refined Loaf, Crushed, and Pulverized Sngai.
 Brown Sugar, good quality, of various grmi*
 The whole excluiiirilv Fiee Labor iieeain,
 10 which the Subscriber noofe invite tlie att&lt;. ii,
 of country merdtaoi*, as web its his fiirmlo and U*
 public generally.
 Much pains is taken by thi Managers &lt;A H Fire
 Produce-Association, to assist the Hohscril/er to *n
 large the assortment from ti»«- to time.
 GEORGE TAYLOK,
 Northwest corner Fifth and Chern-#t,
 Philadelphia 2d mo. Ist, 1848. tf
Vrtt Labor Loodn.
 M A V L FtCTUREP by the American I re. r
 »~l for safe at No. 31, \orih
 Fifth-street, Philadelphia:
 OkH.,
 rt'. yr**.v.
 of vaiious qanlitw and
 width, thiftMuslm for lining*, brown and rnh&gt;i*-.i;
 Bwd Era Towels; bfawk amt while Wmldii.y
 reuenc article (.slwu, 8m Knitiiug t ,&gt;to n,
 9lc
 Ord«* for Grads, or lett*vs deoiting infrito *t(
 rnMnweel to J- Milter MrKi!», 31, N uli
 ifth-eureet; D»iel 1.. Miller, Te«tb-*trr» t, oi l
 Jamra Mott, No. 25, Ufa*.* AIW-y.
 X farm and hudsme westioroi I&gt; n t
 j *4— ts
Altl-Slatery Otter,
 No. 31, North Fifth Street, PhtUul n
 A FULL assortmmd of atu.-sirarry ps»Mi»,wo«s
 ts kept constantly on hand. JfHo a hatwb&lt;&gt;r&lt;a
 variety of nsiseeffnwenn* pnM*ratious, and nsrin
 and Fnaey Httfawy*
 All letter# minting to the traineo* of the &lt;A»
 to bn direrted to J. Miller McKim, 21, V*»t*
 Fifth-street, Phtlndrlphia. jwl—tf
THE DELAWARE ABOI.ITIoNIfc l
 A PAPER of fas above same will |s u Ut.tad in
 Wthutflw, by tb» bvhsur A«te"b.*r«,
 Society. It will be edited by a Commit tew, ami
 be pdbilfabiii I nn n hntf mmS&lt;m sheet, at ternl; l«»
 newts per yens, nr far twwnt -four wnnhers. Itwdfte
 dnrassd to ssawnripistims in Ihhswr, and ad
 raenan its i reman lnhmi at by nil Wwfid awras- It
 wUt bn paUfalMM snaat-Munthly, if means me al
 farM, ar an nfan. aTSfeSanraa ht nbtmmd
 JAMES B. MWOKE
