P 0 E T R T.
From the Tnl-une.
 A HYMN OF LIBERTY.
 II THOU A# L. Hiltltll.
 NIOHT with star*. air! ihalr, and dreamc,
 and silently tmfiirkd
 Her spell of withrrt aroonl Use weary -beat te
 world;
 Th* leaves were still, the waters mute, tile watch
 men slept; the hell
 Of midnight lulled i!ic slat* to rest, then hushed it.
 billowy «m I"
 The idcsited angel, Sleep, rune down, and poored
 with loving care,
 An opiate from his crystal urn upon the dewy air;
 In .Man’s hashed bosom, Love and lisle, and Jo
 and .Sorrow lay,
 Like foes on Mood-wet bittfe-fed It, who wake t
 strife with day.
 When In! like slia.lous through tlie g'oom, a weak
 yet daring land,
 talked wssri'j, with voices mute, and bight, lor
 Made in hand.
 Their rotirs were rent, t'icir fet were turn, tbei
 fares darkest tan;
 Yet flashing eye and fewfeim!sr.»w revealed site G*u!
 like Man.
 From Carolina’s fever-* wamps, from Genrgia’
 slave-curse*] #**l—
 fetters on tie- limb an! soul, through l*amlr
 6»e* limy trod:
 For Free loin, with her mother roire, had led thei
 on afar—
 Their pnt'i flic trackless wil '.erne***, tb.ir gni 'c th
 Northern Star.
 Like 1 trail, through the openi ig waves of Egypt'
 Wood-red sea,
 Tncy stemmed .NiagaraV rushing tide—those no Id
 one# w ere F r i: i.!
 Tliey stood, redeeme.l and direntlirnfled, njx&gt;n tli
 wavc-waslied soil,
 An*i proudly, grandly claimed again the birtli-righ
 gift of God.
 The Cataract lifted up afir its solemn-sounding voice
 And bide tlieni, in tii&lt;- glorious dawn of Frecdoui’
 day rejoice;
 And tluu their vmg of jubilee rung forth, and roa
 on high,
 H bile all the morning stars I torn on its eclwe
 through tlic sky:
 We arc free! we arc free! we are free!
 As tlie stars that tread tlie skies;
 And joyously, oh Go*!! to Tlu-e
 Our triumph-hymu shall rise.
 For Thou hast leil us on,
 Through solitude and night,
 Till Freedom’s hi essed iiotiic is won,
 And vain tlie fncmau’s might.
 The chains arc cast aside;
 The oppressor’s reign is o’er;
 Tlie dungeon-floor shall be purple-dyed
 With our blood and tears no more.
 Witli heart and voice we raise
 Our hymn, oh God, to Thee!
 Resound, thou Earth and Skv, our songs
 We are free! t er art fret! u k arf. free!
 That triumph hymn! it dieih not: it soundeth not in
 vain,—
 It echoes now with thousau! tongues o'er
 southern plain,—
 Its words, in every chainless blast, and free, bright
 river roll;
 God givetli it a voit t- to speak through silence to
 tlie soul:
 Its thrilling spell is felt where’er tlie slave-marts
 darkly stand;
 'Tis mightier far than Cliarlestoii gyves—than Texan
 whip and brand:
 It nerves tlie ami, it lights tlie eye —tb.t spirit-rous
 ing breath;
 It fires tlie heart witli high resolves of Liberty 01
 death.
 Oh, ye who riot on the toil of God’s dowu-troJdei
 poor,
 Beware! One judgeth in the earth, whose hand i.
 swift and sure:
 Already muffled thunder-tones at dead of night re
 sound;
 Alrewtj wake the Earthquake throes beneath youi
 trembling ground;
 Though hireling priest and watchman lift the cry o
 “All is well!”
 Ere long red Ruin’s lava-tide from earth and sk;
 shall swell.
 The Masirr from the vengeance, then, and not tin
 Slat*, will flee:
 Be warned of God, lie warned of man, and set tie
 bondsman free!
 Dutnesburgh, A. T.
 ~HOFE ON! HOPE EVER!”
 As old man dreams of his lusty years,
 Ami saith, 1 am not old;
 For I’m come not yet to darkling fears,
 And know not Jet of bitter tears,
 And my heart is not grown cold.”
 Oil, how lie loves,
 As on lie moves,
 To Hope—Hope on—Ho|&gt;e ever!
 A youth stands up in the storm of life,
 Arrayed in bis martial folds;
 llis burner goes up in the heal of the strife,
 Where .shouts and groans and death are rife,
 But his Istiiner he proudly b Ids:
 For the words so bright
 Glcatn through the fight—
 Hope*—Hope on—Hope ever!
 Tlie maiden that looks in her lover’s eye,
 And reads a written soul,
 Will bravely stand, while others fly,
 Nor breathe a murmur or a sigh
 ller heart earn not control:
 For the eye slie read
 So mildly said—
 Hope—llopc on—Hope ever!
 Wliat tells a mother to lx; of clieer,
 W lien her eliil 1 is gasping before her!
 When the flush of life is bit its sere.
 And death corrode* tlie tender year!
 Tis the voice of angels o’er licr.
 She looks abive,
 And learn* to Live—
 To Ib.jx-—Hope on— —llo|m* ever!
 On tlie dizzy tip of the mountain wave—
 Deep down in da- ocean’* breast—
 Still fearful of no wateiy grave,
 Still singing to the w inds that rave,
 'File sailor is at rest:
 For there’* a voire
 Tliat say* rejoice—
 Hope—Hope on—lfojie ever!
 It murmureth now to siiit red hairs
 'l’lie same voice fioui abive:
 Now to inaubxxl’* anxious rare*,
 N«»w to youthV mo-t fervent praters,
 It is a voice of love:
 Through the long strife
 Of mortal life—
 Huge—Hope on—Hop t-vei!
 80 N NET.
 lit k. i. nuM it.
 We live not on &lt;eir tnotiM-ut* or our years;
 The Present we fling from us, like the nod
 Of »i&gt;ine sweet Future, which we after f.ntl
 Bitter to taste; or bind that in with li or*,
 Aud water it tx-foreiaand with our tears,
 V ain u-.tr* for tiiat which never inav anive;
 Meanwhile tlie j,,y whereby we ou*giit to live.
 Neglected or uiib led, disuppt ars.
 W i»er it were to welrome and make our#
 WhateVv of good, though small, ti M liriugs,
 Kind greeting*, sunshine, *on t of birds, wvl flow’* s,
 With a child's pure delight in bub
 Alai of tlie grief* uub&gt;rn to rest
 Katiwuij tlk*t ue.ret i .ei will tuduie.
SELL* TION?.
The TREE Pfii‘lTfC?r«f the CIl! RCZi
 I* RELATION Tf&gt; THE AGE.
 This is thn title «&gt;f a dtscours* ik-lirerod bt
 the Itev. \Vs*?rstori rf B»t m. It de
 serve*, and w*? will bvc aa e\	en*it»-
 circulation. Mr. Watcu-tor t? c*.e i f few
 among lfl* cl a* who do not hi-liiai** i .*U»
 freely on tho taVycui of War ar«d Slavery.
 We subjoin lb:, fallow u.g extract:
 Connected w ith the Civilizclion and
 Philanthrope of our day, there are two
 monstrous inrqui’ie* which, above a t
 others, lift thei; hideous heads sla
 very and War. What is the tiue po
 sition of the church, in relation to these
 two great i!** r—Sociallv. morally, re
 ligiously, this is the great que. te*n ol
 the nge; What other can surpass it in
 importance
 In l(i*JO, two vessels crossed the At
 lantic, bearing that whi&lt; h v,a«to atiect
 the coming destinies of the New \N orld.
 The one was the memorable “May
 flower,” which landed the Pilgrims at
 Plymouth. The ether was a Dutch
 ship, which brought to Virginia the first
 slaves that ever trod thi sc shores.
 Could we have seen these two vessels
 as they struggled amid the waves, we
 might have heard from the one sighs of
 agony, and freon the other anthems o!
 praise. The influence which came
 from the former, has made New Eng
 land what it is:—the latter laid the
 foundation of a:i evil, which, from that
 day, lias been .spreading, until, in the
 place of twenty slaves, w e have three
 millions.
 Those two vessels, coming tv this
 country in the same year, brought with
 them the conflicting principles which
 never have been, and never can be,
 reconciled together. They are princi
 ples which are now in conflict; and the
 conflict waxes wanner, and it never
 will cease until the one or the other is
 exterminated.
 Two hundred years have rolled by,
 and this wrong has been permitted to
 increase, until through the whole land
 is heard the bitter cry of the oppressed.
 We are treading on the verge of a
 rnoial revolution, as great as any the
 world has ever known; and the liber
 ties of millions arc at .stake. Has the
 church nothing to do? This question
 cannot be put down. The spirit of the
 age is concentrated within it. It is
 asked by the voice of the civilized
 world, lias the church nothing to do?
 Every day the e\il accumulates; and,
 as the time of reckoning is postponed,
 there gather over us more fearful retri
 butions. There are in this country no
 less than throe hundred thousand slave
 holders. There arc slave-prisons, and
 slave-markets, and slave-laws. These
 are unutterable cruelties and wrongs.
 Has the church nothing to do? Whoj
 can forget the memorable words of
 Jefferson, himself a slaveholder, when,-
 in speaking of this evil, lie* t-cid, 1
 tremble for my country, when I reflect
 that Clod is ju-t. The Almighty has
 no attribute which can take sides with
 us in such a contest.” Vet many
 churches, through a large portion of
 this land, have publicly declared that
 there is no w rong i.i slavery. Clerical
 conferences in Georgia, and South Car
 olina, and elsewhere, have maintained
 that slavery is right. Ecclesiastical
 bodies have issued proclamation, that
 the gospel law s of matrimony are not
 binding upon slaves; and Christian
 ministers have published volumes, in
 which they assert that slavery is not
 opposed to tire principles of Christiani
 ty? Is this the true positio n of the
 church; —Such is the declared opinion
 of a pait of the church—is to be gener
 ally responded to or opposed? If this
 system is one of justice and love, then
 let the church uphold it. if it is based
 on brotherly affection, then the church
 may advocate it. If it accords with
 that honoring of ah men, and preferring
 one another, which the Gospel incul
 cates, then it should be defended. But
 if it is unjust and inhuman; if it is op
 posed to the spirit of Jesus, and his doc
 trines, then, in God’s,name, the church
 should so declare it.
 The foreign slave-trade has been
 justly pronounced by our laws piracy;
 and he who engages in it is branded as
 a felon. Is not the domestic slave
 trade in every respect as bad? Yet
 this is carried on through a large section
 of the country; and thousands of men,
 women and children, are driven in herds
 every year, to be sold in the South and
 South-western market. Is such a traf
 fic in harmony with Christianity Up
 on Southern statute books there are
 laws pronouncing the severest penalties
 upon those who shall be detected in
 teaching a slave to read, or in gi\ir&gt;g to
 him the Bible. What can be said of
 the prevalence of Christianity, where
 these enormities arc tolerated? That
 slave, so oppressed, is a fellow -creature
 and a child of God; he has feelings and
 rights—can the church do nothing in
 his behalf? The slave-master is an
 immortal and accountable being—ought
 net the most solemn testimony and .ur
 gent appeals to be brought before him
 respecting this l\ ai-inl w rung If there
 is any respect lor Freedom, Civiliza
 tion, or Christianity, any J -vc for what
 is good and ju.-t, let something be done
 commensurate with the magnitude oi
 the evil.
 Thi* country stands before the tribu
 nal oi Nations; while, in their sight,
 this system ot oppress. n becomes daily
 more hateful. I hey plead with us now*" 1
 and if we are not faithful, we shall soon
 bring upon us the exec rut ions of the
 world.
 I his count t v f tain’s befi re the tiihu
 nul ot Heaven; and it wc go *&gt;u in the
 perpetration of this wrong, h.ov long
 w ill its righteous jii.’gi,;. r.l-Yc withheld:
 To what are w o at this luoincr.f, indebt
 ed but the loving mercy of God, that
 the earth ha-i,,a already opened aud
 the clouds shaken file from their folds?
 Are we justilUU in saving that the
 iu istiuii chart n has a weight* respon
 sibility in conn cii. n with rt is mi*j&lt; it?
 Wuh her calm end gt :.t!e irii, she
 could guide toe j übhc thought; ai.d i
 she rose in the majesty of hi r pmvtr,
 she could urou&gt;e the conscience f the
 land, and iiLcrutc the peoj.le trout a
 fearful cut so. Let it be* remembered
 that there ere nearly fifty thousand
 churches iu the* United St. its, with
 from thri e to four million members.—
 \Y hat might not sm ii a body accomplish
 in the cause ofjiutice and truth? Great
c* the evil is, kt but the ChrndiiiJ
 church he fiuthfdf, and it would be like
 the visitation of the Angel to Peter in
 prison, when a light shone round about
 him, and the chains fell from his hrnds
 Wo behold, also, our country at this
 moment voluntarily plurg* d into all the
 horn* &gt;r?i cf War. An army of occupa
 ti &lt;n has become an army of invasion,
 ur.d a passion has been awakened for
 Um d and fi r conquest. Millie ns hau
 be&lt; i exp* nd- d, and tlr usands of lives
 sacrificed., that we might overrun anti
 desolate a neighboring nation. ilia-.
 gc« have been swept away; cities bom
 barded; and mangled bodies scattered
 fiver the plains. Think of a populous
 town surr&lt; ur.dtd hv death-dealing cn
 giuts raining down upon the inhabi
 tants horrible destruction; bursting
 bheikt falling through their house tops;
 and amid the shattered ruins, women,
 and children, tom and bleeding, in t.'.e
 fearful agonies of d&lt; ath. Wbo would
 b&lt; iieve that such guilt could be crpo
 trated bv a civilized people? And yet,
 this very thin" we have lived to behold:
 and, at flu’s in tant, the savage and
 b! O' dy work is still going cm.
 At a period when we were enjoying
 the infinite blessings of peace; when
 wo were'crowned w ith the favors w hich
 she had showered upon us; w hen the
 philanthropist felt his heart kindling
 with joy at the prospect of universal
 harmony; and when the predictions oi
 ancient Prophecy and of Christianity j
 seemed verging towards their fulfil
 ment, our country has w illingly plunged
 herself into all the atrocities of war, ami
 is still pursuing her course with unaba-4
 ted vigor. This country stands beforei,
 us with her garments rolled in blood
 Has the church nothing to do? Aside
 from the motives which inay add to the j
 guilt, what can be more revolting than
 the tact of war itself? What can war
 accomplish, in settling questions of
 equity? Y\ hat is there noble in brute
 force? How can the good rejoice in
 the destruction of cities, and the mur
 der of their fellow incur Is not war
 murder on an extended scale Wc are
 not yet free from barbarism. What is
 he sword, but a civilized scalping
 knife? The Gospel of peace is not yet
 wholly respected. How can we love
 those whom wc shoot and stab? When:
 will the Christian church be faithful to
 Jesus? When will ministers of the
 Gospel cease to lend their influence to
 support and advance the institution of
 war? Ought not the church now, as
 in the days of the early disciples, to
 carry out the principles of early for
 giveness and mercy?
 If war is in accoidance w ith Chris
 tian love, let the church plead for it.
 If one can pray for the forgiveness of a
 foe, and then destroy him, let the church
 advocate it. If one can do to others
 as he would that others should do to
 him, and, at the same time, burn his
 dwelling and slay his children, let the'
 church defend it. It one can be a low-j
 !y follow’d* of the peaceful Jesus, and;
 still carry ruin and desolation over the'
 earth, lifting his hands in deadly hate
 against his brother, then let bishops,
 with solemn prayer, unite in the conse
 cration of banners; and ministers of the
 Lord pay homage to military prowess,
 and kindle the love cf military glory
 But if ihe spirit of Jesus was averse to
 this; ii bis religion is one of mercy and
 forgiveness; ii it would unite mankind
 in love, and lead them to acts of benefi
 cence, then, in the name of the holy
 .Jesus, the church should so declare it,
 and should be faithful, in all its labors,
 to such declaration; knowing that the
 customs of the vflvrld are not to be
 judged by the passions of man, but by
 the standard ot the Gospel; and that
 the true basis ot action is not any code'
 ol wordly honor, but the immaculate
 word of the Lord. For here, as else
 where, other i mndation can no man lay
 than that is laid, w hich is Jesus Christ.
I&gt;i:SPI: E NCT-SMALL BEGINNINGS.
 It is related of Chant rev, the cele
 brated sculptor, that when a hoy, he
 was observed, by a gentleman in the
 ncighboihocd of ShclHcM, very atten
 tively engaged in cutting a stick with a
 penknife. He asked the lad what he
 was d ang; when with great simplicity
 of manner, but courtesy, he replied,
 1 am cutting old Fox’s head,” Fox
 was the schoolmaster of the village.
 On this, the gentleman asking to see
 what he had done, and pronouncing it
 to he an excellent likeness, presented
 the youth with a sixpence. And this
 may he reckoned the first money Chan
 trev ever received for the production ol
 his art.
 1 his anecdote is but one of a thou
 sand that might he cited of as many
 different men, who, from small begin
 nings, rose to great stations and influ
 ence; and shows the importance of not
 despising the day of small things, in
 any condition or circumstance of life.
 Ail nature, in fact, is full of instructive
 lessons on this point, which it would Le
 well for us more thoroughly to study and
 appreciate.
 The river, rolling onward its accu
 mulated waters to the ocean, w as, in
 its small beginning, but an oozing rivu
 -1 t, trickling down some moss-covered
 reck, a.id winding, like a silver thread,
 hit wet a the grass banks to which it im
 pelled verdure.
 The tree, that sweeps the air with
 its hundred branches, and mocks at
 the howling of the tempest, was, in its
 small beginning, hut a little seed. tr» d
 den d &gt;wu under foot and unnoticed;
 then a small shoot, that the leaping hare
 might have forever- crushed.
 l iven thing around us tells us not to
 despise small beginnings; for they arc
 lh«* lower rounds of a ladder that rcaeh
 s to great results, and we must step
 upon these before we can ascend
 higher.
 Despi.sc net small beginnings ol
 wealth.
 The Hot use hilds, Gitas d, Astor. a?;d
 most of the richest men, began with
 small means. From cents they pro
 ceeded t&gt; dollars; from hundreds to
 thousands; from thousands to millions.
 Had they neglected these first earn
 ings; had they said, What is the use
 of saving.these lew cents r they are not
 of much value, ai.tl 1 w ill ju.-t spend
 them, and enjoy myseli as 1 go”—thev
 would n&lt; t have riven to be the wealthi
 est among their fellows. It is nly bv
 the economical husbanding of small
 means that they increase to large sums.
It is the hardest part of success to gain
 a little; that once gained, more will ea
 sily follow.
 Despise not small beginnings of edu
 cation.
 Franklin bad but little early eiLtca
 tion; vet look at what he became, and
 how h»* is now reverenced. Ferguson,
 feeding h:? sheep on the hills of Scot
 land, picked up merely the rudiments
 of learning, but subsequently rose lobe
 one of the first astronomers in Europe.
 Herschcl, also, the great astronomer,
 was in his youth a dnirnmsr-buy to u
 marching regiment, and received but
 little more than a drummer-boy's edu
 cation; but his name is now associated
 with the brightest discoveries of sci
 ence, and is borne by the planet which
 his zeal discovered. A host of instances
 rise up to testify that, by properly im
 proving the small and perhaps imper
 fect beginnings of knowledge, they may
 become as foundaiiofls-stoncs of a tem
 ple of learning, which the future shall
 gaze upon and admire.
 A man can scarcely be too avari
 cious in the acquisition of knowledge;
 he should hoard up his intellectual gains
 with the utmost assiduity and d li
 gence; but, unlike the lucre-seeking
 miser, must put out his knowledge at
 usury, and by lending out his stock to
 others, increase by this commerce ol
 thought his capital, until his one talent
 shall have been five, and his five have
 gained them other five.
 Despise not the small beginnings of
 fame or honor.
 The fame which springs on a sudden,
 like a mushroom plant, is seldom last
 ing. Truth, fame and honor, are of
 slow but generally sure growth, as
 cending by degrees from the lower offi
 ces to the higher stations—fro m the re
 gard of a few to the applause of a na
 tion. But he who despises the lower
 steps of honor because th *y are few,
 will seldom reach the higher; and he
 who spurns at tnc commendation of his
 own cirek, as too small a thing to seek
 after, will never secure the esteem and
 renown of a state or nation.
 Despise not the small beginnings of
 error.
 The walls of a castle have been un
 dermined by the borrowings of a small
 and despised animal; and the begin
 nings of error, though at first unheed
 ed, will sjon, if not cheeked, sap the
 foundations of truth, and build up its
 own wretched dogmas on its ruins. All
 fust errors are small; despise them
 not: they will soon increase to great
 ones, and perhaps devastate society.
 From the Chrklftn Citi/.cn.
 WALKS IN WESTMINSTER.
 There are two Westminsters in Lon
 don, one abounding with gokl, and the
 other with rags. But |he two are so
 intermingled that it would be difficult to
 draw* a line between them; but 1 am
 not now about to describe those tilings in
 Westminster that are famous through
 out the world, I will pass them by for
 the present. I will describe scenes
 that I have witnessed within the shadow
 of the renowned Abbey which are not
 in exact unison with the sights in Buck-,
 ingham Palace.
 There lives in the region cf West
 minster a hero. 1 do not refer to the
 Duke of Wellington, but to a city mis
 sionary. For ten years be has moved
 among the thieve- and robbers of Duck
 Lane, Old and New Pye streets, and
 the surrounding streets, alleys, and
 courts situate ju.-t north of the Abbey.
 He has labored t rescue some oi' their
 vile ones from their condition, and
 many an unfortunate one can testify to
 the earnestness of his exertions. The
 very thieves speak his name with love.
 It was this man who offered to be mv

 guide for an afternoon’s walk, and most
 joyfully did I accept of his offer. We
 started out from Exeter llall in excel
 lent spirits, crossed St. James’s Park,
 passed along under the wall of the Ab
 bey, and in a few minutes were tn a
 street the like of which I never saw be
 fore. The buildings are low, and the
 inhabitants seemed to like ct liars better
 than stolies. Every door furnished an
 assortment of dirty children, who look
 ed as if they never saw the sun—the
 poor hony-l'aced things,
 “Look said the missionary, “look!
 this is tny field of labor. I know every
 family in this region, and its occupation,
 and [hree-fourtius of them live by crime.
 And what is worse, many of them would
 nearly starve if they w ere honest. I
 have lived with them for ten years, and
 ain now* admitted where even a police
 man dare not enter, fcecau.-e they be
 lieve fhat I would not take the advan
 tage of the confidence which they giva*
 me.” As we stood gazing at this spe
 cimen of street wretchedness, a gilt
 sign on a building opposite caught my
 eye. It read—“ A Juvenile School ol
 Refuge for Boys.” “What!” said I,
 to my friend, do you establish schools
 here C* Yes,” said he, “that is the
 best school of its kind iu London. The
 building was formerly a thieve*' hotel.
 We entered the building and found
 that the boys were just leaving off study
 for their work. They sung their closing
 hvinn in a beautiful manner. The mis
 sionary whispered in tny car—“ Here
 are fifty boys, forty of whom were once
 notorious thieves.” I involuntarily felt
 for rnv purse, but a broad Scotch smile
 overspread his face as he said, Your
 pocket-book is safe, they are honest
 now
 The teacher blew* his whistle, which
 wa i the sign for them to goto work.
 Onc-half were learning to make shoes,
 and the others tailoring. So the tailors
 make coats and breeches for themselves
 and the shoemakers, and the shoema
 kers make shoes for the much es anil the
 tailors! They get their dinners and
 suppers at school, Lui lodge and break
 fast at home—those who have anythin**
 to breakfast on. As soon an they were
 bn.-ily at work, wc parsed about am rim
 them. There was one little fellow”
 about a dozen years of age, who caught
 my attention in particular. He was
 extremely busy in making a button
 hole in a coat on the Hoar. The mis
 sionary ,«aid to me as we walked awav,
 Two yeans ago that boy was the most
 expe rt juvenile thief in Old Pye street.
 He would dub the till,' as the opera
 tion is called, in as sly a manner as an
 old and practiced thief. 1 met him one
 day, and asked him if he would not like
 to corne to our school. He said he
 should, and in a few days wc had him
 lltcre. Every body said be would not
frttr but it short time, and would steal
 the books. But he soon became the
 best boy in school. I was passing just
 in the edge oi the evening a few days
 since, by his lather's hut. The dooi
 was aj;u\ and little Billy was seated on
 a stool and reading the Testament to
 his parents and sisters. After he had
 1 read a verse he would expU n its mean
 ing to them, and I was astonished tc
 hud him to be so talented an expounder!’
 The bays were cheerful and happy
 while at their work, and as I had a few
 of friend Burrittks Olive Leaves,” 1
 gave them some for w hich they appear
 ed to be very thankful. It would seem
 almost impossible that the wretched be
 ings in this region could be so reformed
 as to be filled with sympathy and love
 for their fellows, but so it is. A few
 days since, a stranger gave six of the
 boys (who were once thieves) a penny
 a piece. They gave them to the teach
 er to keep until they called for them.—
 One morning shortly after a boy cawc
 to school in a pitiable plight—he was
 almost starved. He told the inastet
 that his mother had not tasted food fbi
 two days. Well, teacher,” said one
 of the six, “she may have my penny!’
 “And mine!” said another. “And
 mine too!” said a third, and so on till
 the whole sixpence was given, and then
 they got the inouey from the teacher,
 and went to a baker's, got a huge loal
 of bread and carried it to the woman
 just in time to save her life. Here was
 sympathy and generosity, which I am
 sorry to say, is not always found in
 those who claim to belong to the higher
 classes. d. w. B.
From tho Herkimer Freeman.
 THE WALKER MEETINGS.
 That well-known sufferer for right
 eousness’ sake, Capt. Jonathan Walk
 er, an honest-hearted, weather-beaten
 sailor, of Plymouth, Mass., (in whose
 vicinity his wife and family of eight
 children live,) being now near fifty
 years of ago, and anxious to disseini
 natc more light on Slavery’s swarthy
 theme—arrived here on the 25th inst.,
 and spoke for two nights following at the
 Hull, since which time he has been lec
 turing in our Northern towns; and, af
 ter one more meeting here on New-
 Year’s night, expects to show his
 hand" among the people of the other
 sections of the county. He is accom
 panied from Boston by John S. Jacobs,
 “a nobleman of sable brow;” who,
 though but nine years since a Caro
 linian slave, has well improved his self
 gained freedom, and speaks with fluen
 cy and depth of interest scarcely ex
 celled by any of his predecessors—
 even by Douglass himself. They also
 sell the coolly written but atFeefing
 Narrative of The Branded Hand,”
 with other valuable Anti-Slavery publi
 cations, which the friends of God and
 Truth should aid in scattering like
 snow-flakes through the vale; for sure
 ly, uniong the offspring of the very
 men who drenched it 3 soil with their
 own g ;rc for Freedom’s sake, Slavery
 should be
 A monster of so hi I'm jus mien,
 That to he iiateil, r:s»ei!s hut to be seen.”
 His narrative (besides a view of Sla
 very", as he saw and felt it,) contains a
 vivid sketch of Cant. Walker’s life and
 “hair-breadth ’scapes”—from several
 miracu! ms preservations from imme
 diate death by drowning, to lingering
 confinement, eight thousand miles from
 home, with dangerous East India fe
 ver; wounding by musket balls ofMex
 iean pirates, tkc., See., down to the
 eventful year of 1814; when being in
 J lorida, and hardly brute or infidel
 enough to spurn the earnest prayer for
 liberty of half a dozen oppressed fel
 low beings who begged a passage in
 his vessel, lie was shortly overhauled,
 imprisoned for a year, and finally hon
 ored by an imp of him whom the slave
 power has foisted into the Presidential
 chair, with branding in the hand!
 Now, then, let all who, like a doubl
 ing Thomas, will not believe till they
 have seen, embrace what opportunity
 they have to hear this candid plough
 man of the wave;” and look upon the
 marks of demon malice inflicted by an
 institution alike disgraceful to the Ame
 rican and Christian name. And let the
 lame apologist Tor Slavery bestow one
 hour on Brother Jacob’s full confront
 of the lying twaddle about the happi
 ness of‘human servitude, when, if not
 recreant to common senso and sliame,
 he will for ever after hold his peace.”
 G.
r rom t!ie Hampshire Ileral I.
 DR. RUGGLES’ HYDROPATHIC
 EXPERIENCE.
 Fon the purpose of’ avoiding the fre
 quent rehearsal of the circumstance!
 which led me to an acquaintance wit!
 the Water-Cure, and to adopt mj
 peculiar method of practice,” and t(
 satisfy, in a degree, the many inquiries
 relative thereto, I here make a brie
 confession of my experience:
 I 1. As an Allopathic patient.
 2. As a Hydropathic patient; and
 3. As a Hydropathic practitioner.
 1. After six years’ suffering, fron
 liver complaint and dyspepsia, undci
 the care of some of the most eminent
 physicians in this country, during wliicl
 time 1 was repeatedly bled, leeched
 cupped, plastered, blistered, salivated
 dosed with arsenic, nuxvomica, iodine
 strychnine, and a variety of other poi
 sonous drugs, which contracted an en
 largement of the liver, the worst kint
 of dyspepsia, irritation of the lungs
 chronic iniiammation of the bowels
 costiveness, piles, nervous and rnenta
 debility, and a numb or palsied state o
 the skin, which rendered me insensibh
 to the prick of a pin or extreme heat
 and, after blindness had shut me ou
 from the light of day, in the opinion o
 gentlemen standing high in the pro
 tessioa, my life was limited to a few
 weeks.
 2. la January, 1843, I heard of tb«
 Water-Cure, as practised by Vincent
 Prt-issnitz; aud, from the effect pro
 duced in the case reported, 1 %vaa let
 to hope that 1 might obtain some relic;
 from the extreme pain and wcaknew
 which I expected would soon terminate
 my existence.
 Under the most embarrassing circum
 stances, with vague notions in relation
 tivthe application of water as a remedy,
 I commenced an indifferent course ol
 treatment, which was continued sever*,
 weeks; when I became convinced,
(though I had improved,) that water
 as an agent, was powerful for evil ai
 well as good; and that, unless it wai
 undcrstandingly applied, in/ hopes o
 I relief were chimerical.
 About this time, I heard of Dr. Rob
 ert W esse Hue ft, of Cambridge, now
 of the celebrated Brattle boro’ Water-
 Cure, from whom, by correspondence,
 1 obtained salutary advice, and/Con
 tinued my practice with better effect,
 In a few months 1 was enabled to visit
 Cambridge, and consult Dr. Wessel
 hceft personally. After an examination,
 he found the liver so much enlarged,
 and my sight, ami other symptoms, so
 prei arious, that he was not sanguine
 ot success; yet, considering the prog
 ress 1 had made, he recommended the
 erection of a douche bath, and advised
 a more thorough course of treatment.
 Vyhilc the system was undergoing n
 slight change, under this course, I be
 came gloomy, and suspicious that the
 ill forebodings of friends, opposed to
 the W ater-Cure, might be realized.
 At this point, the Doctor raised the
 first note of encouragement; and ad
 vised perseverance, under a varied and
 milder treatment, until new symptoms
 required a more rigid course. Then
 the packing in the wet sheet once and
 i twice a day, tiic plunge or shallow wash
 bath, the douche five minutes, three hip
 baths, from lo to 00 minutes each, two
 eye baths, and a foot bath, comprised
 the daily course, until a fever crisis was
 developed, with symptoms of salivation,
 and other exudations, from the trunk o!
 the body, which left no doubt in tiu
 minds of witnesses, that I had been
 faithfully drugged. It will be remem
 bered, that my physician was in Cam
 bridge and 1 in Northampton, and at
 this critical period, which continued
 about six weeks, my symptoms were s&lt;
 versatile, that many of his prescriptions
 were inapplicable, when received. Ir
 about eighteen months, however, from
 the commencement of the treatment, 1
 had passed safely through the crisis,
 and my health finally become estab
 lished, with an equilibrum of circula
 tion. Sensibility and motion were re
 stored to my eyes, with the feeble sight
 which now serves me to walk alone,
 where 1 had formerly been led. For a
 time my whole system was attended
 with an unaccountable sensitiveness,
 which I never before experienced. Mv
 sense of feeling became so acute, thal
 I could recognize individuals, and de
 tect slrades of difference in very minute
 objects. My case induced many, win
 were hitherto faithless, to believe in the
 j Water-Cure; and, as I had some con
 veniences for bathing, a few persons o
 both sexes were induced to obtain the
 advice of Dr. Wcsselhocft, and com
 mencc a course of treatment, under m;
 care. This afforded me an opportunity
 to cultivate that faculty which enable
 me to detect symptoms of disease, am
 practise the cure.
 3. I improved the opportunity thus
 afforded, t note the various symptoms
 developed by the treatment, in tin
 several stages of the complaint, in dii
 i ferent cases, under the Doctor’s skiifu
 direction. Practice strengthened thi
 acute sense of touch, until the convie
 tion was irresistible, that the skin is th(
 organ through which the symptoms ant
 character of the disease are indicated—
 a fact, which the success that lias at
 tended my practice for the last thret
 years has established before an enlight
 ened public. J. can feel near tiie sur
 face of the skin of a healthy person, c
 regular and forcible action, or emission
 indicating vitality, or power. This, J
 think, is electricity. In an invalid wire
 may be successfully treated, this symp
 tom is intermittent or feeble; but, where a
 person is suffering from general debility,
 beyond the power of water to relieve,
 no vital, or electrical action, is percep
 tible near the wrist. This symptom is
 also imperceptible in the region of the
 lungs and stomach, when the case is
 incurable and, for more than twn
 years, I have found it prudent to
 decline all applicants for the cure, who
 lack this vital action in the parts alluded
 to. In a case of neuralgia, the elec
 trical symptom alternates in the parts
 of the body affected. At times, when
 the patient is suffering under severe
 pain, it is not perceptible; at other
 times, it is excessive.
 In sciatica, this symptom is similarly
 developed. In chronic rheumatism, it
 is quiescent. In inflammatory rheuma
 tism, it is tremulous, and appears con
 fined by the cuticle. In levers, it is
 excessively active; but appears not to
 escape the pores, until it is conducted
 off, or equalized, by the application ol
 the treatment. Although this is the
 first, in importance, yet there are other
 symptoms attending the skin, in various
 cases, that materially aid me in the
 varied and successful application of the
 treatment, which are easier felt than
 described.
 Having thus briefly, though imper
 fectly, stated the circumstances which
 led me to an acquaintance with the
 Water-Cure, and to become a Hydro
 pathic practitioner, with an outline of
 the principles by which I arn governed,
 I may he permitted to add a word of
 caution to persons who think of availing
 themselves of the benefits of the Water
 Cure.
 1. Such persons should be sure that
 their systems are attended with suffi
 cient vitality io commence the cure.
 2. They should begin right, that they
 may not impair their physical strength,
 and thereby impede their progress, or
 prevent success.
 3. A judicious course of treatment
 should never be suspended with a view
 to its completion at a future tune, as
 the best, if not the only opportunity,
 would be lost, for a speedy and thorough
 cure.
 4. Should a patient be partially re
 leived of morbid secretions, by a crisis,
 or otherwise, and become convalescent,
 he should be extremely cautious in re
 gard to diet, air, and exercise and,
 whatever may be his feelings, he should
 never abandon a proper bracing course
 of treatment, until an equilibrium ol
 circulation is permanently restored.
 5. Water used for Hydropathic pur
 poses should always be fresh from the
 well, or spring, excepting what may be
 warmed for a tepid bath.
 6. A bath should never, be taken in
 a painted vessel, or within one houi
 before a meal or taro hours after.
 From the testimony of numerous
 cort—pendents, who have commence*
 the treatment at home, and visitors
who have presented fbem*elvr* for ex
 amination and prescriptions,and patient*
 »ho have hern treated at my estabhsh
 meat, i am satisfied that much error
 prevails among the friends of Hydro
 pathy, on the subject alluded to, and
 by whom a word of caution may be
 heeded.
 As I have omitted to remark upon
 the condition of my own health, I would
 only add, that with the exception of
 imperfect vision, occasioned by the
 convexity of the cornea, my health was
 never belter than it is at present, or
 tlian it has been for more than two
 fears past. Respectfully,
 I&gt;AVi;j HIGGLES.
 .Vt&gt;rthamp!on, Jan. I, IMS
 Southern Freedom T»r Opinion
 The class of ISI 7 in William College,
 &gt;f which the writer had the g*&gt;nd for
 mic to be a member, among the good
 natured resolutions passed before their
 dispersion, voted that each should sub
 scribe for the paper of any member of
 the c!a&gt;s who should enter the editorial
 profession. Our subscription list shows
 that many of them considered ns bind
 ing,what was intended only as a playful
 compliment. One honest fellow, who is
 teaching school in Georgia, writes the
 following, which we publish as an in
 stance ot the strong prejudices which.
 pervade the South:
 on must excuse me for informing
 'I" 1 ta.it F cannot fukt vour paper.
 I lie most bitter ami violent prejudices
 are entertained here against every
 thing Northern; and if I should he
 fouud with a paper in my pocket that
 advocated the Wilniot Proviso, as voir
 undoubtedly do, I should very probably
 be subjected to the usuai resort of
 Lynch law, besides losing the patron
 age of those w ho have sons and daugh
 ters. You may, however, send a paper
 to some one at the North, wlm is in
 need of information, and forward your
 bill to me at the end of the vear. and
 you shall receive the amount in as good
 currency as ‘Georgia can furnish.—.
 H eslJieUl .Vtor.s-/&gt;( r.
 What Free Labor can do. —The
 town of orcester, Mass., in IMO had
 a population of &lt;407, and now, Jan. I,
 1818, it appears from the census returns
 just taken, that the population is Io.tUJ,
 showing an increase in seven years aud
 live months ot«fg/i/ thousand one hundred
 and forty-six
 Let the South show an inland tow n in
 the midst of a slave country, with no
 navigation and but lew water privileges,
 and with no minerals from which to
 gather wealth, which has been equally
 prosperous, aud wo will study Us history
 as a curiosity, and admit that slave la
 bor may give life to industry' and enter
 prise.—Penn, freeman.
 v,,io ’s Tiii: Ti 1 11:r
 Mns. Jj. M. C’mi.n, t!ic interesting
 New York correspondent of the Cou
 rier, speaking fit a slave case in that
 city, says \mid the rnanifestati .n
 of much misdirected feeling, it was
 pleasant to observe t’ at a large pro
 portion ot the public gave their svmpu
 tnios to the fugitive. \Y hen the counsel
 tortile captain evinced legal acuteness
 in li;s argument, there w ere no signs of
 approbation from the audience; but
 wie-n the opposite counsel made a clev
 er hit at the patriarchal system,’ the
 general satisfaction was exprcs.-ed by
 smiles, and suppressed munmirs, like
 a tree stirred by the winds. Out of
 doors the general iuquirv was, IVill
 tiie poor tel low get oil?’’ Even some
 ot the police asked, in a tone of vexa
 tion, •y v hy r tiie deuce did n't his
 Inends take care and hide lorn, when
 they once had him?’ Tarnuiaiiy-iiall
 vociferations full into many honest, sim
 pi i souls, who cannot be made to un
 derstand that freedom is good for one
 man and not good for another. The
 popular heart beats truly and kindly,
 where popular under; landing compre
 hends on which side tiie right is. More
 and more this comes to be understood
 and felt, even amid all the obstructions
 it must necessarily meet m a great em
 porium ol trade. Such trials as these,
 perhaps, do more than any other single
 influence to lighten the eyes and rightly
 guide the sympathies of the public.
 “A few years ego, an athletic Irish
 man, standing by bis coni cart, beard in
 our streets the cry of stop thief!’ arid
 saw a black man running. At one
 bound he caught the fugitive. The
 pursuer came up and thanked him, say,
 ing, The rase aids my slave.’
 8 lave! exclaimed the astonished
 Irishman; and slipping behind the mas
 ter, he adroitly caused bis feet to slide
 from under him, while he called out to
 the negro, ‘Run, man, run!’ While
 he assisted the master not to rise, he
 said, I?y Saint Patrick, if you had
 only called out stop stare’” I should
 have known in the beginning whoso
 heels to trip up?’
TAKE A NEWSPAPER.
 Wlnt. r is now horn with its long evening*
 md cheerful lirwide*. Th howOngi, blasts v
 ir.fting kfionf, and other concomitant* tn thf&gt;
 coking, w:!l shut up the attractions of the
 oiter wu; hi, and naaui h&lt; endcanneM* of the
 lomi.stie hearth. The family circle that has
 'M:ea broken by the derai ling influence of the
 ausuu mi season, when toil and fatigue hare
 50 rted an e r y rej o-&gt; w ,11 again re-muted
 iml a season of recreation for the intellec
 tua! and Ms ia! tsiwers will ensue. The nund
 most have food w ith its amusements, or else
 It becomes morbid and Muscles*, and what a
 u*M-r laiiusg lourition for unproven*;ut pro
 tided in the family newspaper f
 Among some of our earliest recollections of
 1 light, w mingled the arrival of the rider
 with h.fj we* Uy treason;. How our hearts
 „t with j*.y as we heard hi* horn sound ui
 distance, heralding h:* approach, and
 when the prize was drawn from his v-nhlfe
 thrown into tho door*vard, and
 •c-tambUt ensued among the invent!*; pmuouof
 :.s household for the new*.
 I ake a. newspaper, ami you do more to mi
 f»rtm; the mind of your children by one dollar,
 than live-time* tho amount bestowed in any
 .dher way. It is a duty that every father
 owes to hia fauuiy and has country to t ike a
 tM'wspaper. Xo parson who re;ui* a news
 paper, j?o«w mto the world without a knowl
 tdgeul its doings, that secures for him mielh-
 and ropuct. Tinrttore, we nay tu
 Ptrr J f ®aa, ana every man should »ay to his
 neighbor, take a newspaper.*’ Kx.
 The population of Columbus, Ohio,
 is stated to he 11,797 white, and 1.U07
 colored: total, This is au tU'
 create during the past year.
