Notices.
The bmr4kl|w Pair.
 Friends will hear in mind that this Anti-
 Slavery Fair will be held on Tuesday neat,
 27th inst., in the Franklin Hall, to continue
 ntiemoon and evening. It is confidently
 hoped there will he a general attendance of
 liberal purchasers. I’he avail' are for the
 spreading of anti-slavery truth in Western
 New York.
nil for Reform CmmUm.
 We, the undersigned, believing that agita
 non or righteoua|diacu«ioa it the usual lew
 of progrem, both in political end more) re
 tom&amp; unsu m °u»ly agree in issuing this cell
 tbriT&gt;BNßesL Reform Con vent ion,to be beld
 at Walworth, Wayne County, N. Y. t on
 Tuesday, the 87th day of February, 1849, for
 the purpoee of disruaatng some of the vita),
 radical questions which are now disturbing the
 great deep of the public mind. It is expeeted
 and intended that persona of all classes end
 denominations will attend and participate in
 the discussion, if they shall choose to do so.
 Among the questions to be discussed on
 that occasion, we would respectfully suggest
 the following:
 human governments of Divine ap
 pointment
 t2d. What are the relations of Christians to
 such governments I
 3d. Is any kind of war right I
 4th. What is a gospel or Christian church 1
 sth. What is Christian fellowship!
 fith. the Christian ministry of Divine
 appointment?
 7th. Have all men an inalienable right to
 so much of the earth’s surface as shall secure
 to them a comfortable homestead
 tfth. Does an equality of rights exist be
 tween men and women in respect to all theii
 •orial, political and religious relations?
 9th. Are man’s abilities coextensive with
 l.ts obligations T
 10th. Do Christians at the present day
 tbflbr from primitive Christians, as it respects
 their gifts, privileges and obligations?
 llth. Is slavery always and everywhere
 a sin 7
 It is desirous that all who can will come
 well prepared to discuss and elucidate at least
 one of the above-named questions. Gerrit
 Smiih, Wm. Goodell, Thomas McClintock,
 Frederick Douglass, and other prominent re
 formers, are expected to be present.
 We want a general rally of speakers and
 bearers, for w'e believe it the cause of God
 and humanity.
 Walter Lasher, Walw’orth.
 Jeremiah Lasher,
 Levi J. Hicks,
 H. S. Simmons,
 J. Melvin,
 Daniel Popino,
 Asahel Hovt,
 R. K. Richmond,
 John Lawrence,
 John Abbott,
 Philip Lawrence,
 Joseph Jackson,
 John R. Williams,
 Ezra Brown,
 David Gordon,
 Joseph E. Hillman,
 B. B. Adams,
 Stephen Howell,
 Abraham Peer,
 Hiram Harding,]
 Samuel C. Patrick,
 John Stretch.
 Robert Smith,
 B. S. Bush,
 E. G. Greenfield,
 John Cole,
 William Poller,
 G. M. Cooper,
 Mary H. Cooper,
 Samuel Smith, Marion.
 John Reynolds, Pultneyville
 E. W. Capron, Auburn/
 Rebecca M. Capron, j
Fiotn tlie Liberator.]
 American Slavery.
 Warrington, 25th of 12 mo. 1848
 To J. J. Flournoy,
 Farm near Athens, Georgia.
 I have read thy letter, addressed to ‘Fred
 erick Douglass,’ with pain and with pity.
 With pain, that anything in the shape of a
 man can he found in that enlightened country,
 the United States of North America, so de
 praved as to advocate slavery, and to claim
 the right to possess or traffic in the persons or
 hlood of his fellow-creatures; and one who
 can be so wicked as to pervert and falsify any
 passages of the Holy Scriptures, for justifi
 cation of such sinful practice. And with pity
 for the human tyrant, who can thus openly
 avow his own infamy
 To argue upon such falsification of the
 Scriptures would he as worthless waste of
 tune, as for the lamb in the fable to have
 argued with the wolf, which accused it of
 muddying the water running towards it where
 the wolf was standing. But, in pity to thy
 own mental depravity, as is evinced in thy let
 ter to Frederick Douglass, may I earnestly
 recommend and entreat, not only thyself, but
 aloo all other abettors ef slavery, carefully to
 read and consider the Christian Dispensation,
 as revealed in the New Testament, and hum
 bly to implore of your Heavenly Creator for
 Divine teaching to enable you feelingly to
 know m what the principle of the Christian
 ehgion really consist*.
 It is not for me to pass censure or judgment
 o|»on others, as ‘vengeance is mine, 1 will re
 *pay, saith the Almighty.’ But as the whole
 human race is interested in knowing with
 whom to be on tbeir guard, there exists a
 practice in Great Britain, and in other coun
 tries the names of those who are accused of
 crane, and on trial, w hether they are acquitted
 or convicted, and as to the taking or posses
 sing human beings, who ate uncunvicted ot
 crime, to be held ill slavery, is next to mur
 der, one of the grossest offences towards man
 kind, of which ingn or women can be guilty
 also if we examine into the real motive for
 holding whit* or colored people in slavery, it
 is to extort labor from the slave for less cost
 or wages than he or she has a natural and
 just right to for that labor; or, to other words,
 fo ueui-d laborer of his honestly earned
 property an ofteinX which not only concerns
 the slaves who are an robhrei, ul w /uch also
 interfere* with the just interest* oi t Til*
 borers, they being thereby compelled to sen
 their toil for reduced wage*, to enable them
 to compete with the unnaturally cheapened
 labor of the slave, and slaverv being thus a
 fraud against the natural stock in trade of the
 tree workman, (his labor,) it i* thereby a
 enrse against him
 For these offences ought tlia name and ad
 dress of evety one of those depraved crimi
 nals, the slaveholders and slave dealers,
 together with the number of alavef which
 cadi posesses, or has bought or sold, to be
 published to the world, as in other countries,
 us s caution to all with whom their may have
 dealings as to the character of the party
 whom they may be treating with.
 As for thy assumed superiority over Fred
erick Douglass, or tka people of his eolor' so
 fhr as 1 haw h«| opportunity to sksevrve,
 were any competent scholar to makes ooro
 pansoo bet wees the betauftl and nonaire
 fangoage of his speeches, hisdigiifed sad
 gentlemanly manners, sad the classical eor
 lectnes of his writings, on the one ride;
 and the ungramatkal mutilated composhioo
 (he it English or Americas) of thy fetter to
 him on. the other; that scholar would haw
 no difficulty in awarding that Frederick Doug
 lass is infinitely thy superior in intelligence
 and polite literature.
 In conclusion, if thou could haw anticipated
 the extent to which the hypocrisy and des
 potic mind, displayed in lay letter to Fred
 erick Douglass, has degraded thee is the esti
 mation of every sincere friend of true liberty
 who has read it; and how greatly thou hast
 disgraced the national character of the coun
 try, whose laws will sanction the tyrant prin
 ciples which thou therein avows; I am eoo
 vinced thou would have been more cautious
 of so degrading thy own name, or of so libel
 ing the nation which permits thee thus to
 trample upon its reputation.
 Sincerely trusting that thy own mental
 conviction will induce thee to adopt the true
 Christian practice of doing to all others, white
 or black, as thou would they should do unto
 thee,
 I remain, thy sincere well-wisher,
 EDWARD WEST.
 [lf our English friend, Edward West, had
 known how unworthy of the least notice is
 the individual to whom he addresses himself,
 for having made a vulgar and mean attack on
 Frederick Douglass, he would have spared
 his powder and shot. Flournoy is either a
 fool or a monomaniac; and in either case be is
 not a disputant worth contending with. On
 the subject of alavery, colonization and color
 phobia, however, he fairly represents the
 spirit of American religion and republicanism.
 —Ed. Lib.J i
Morals or Tire South. —We published a
 few weeks ago (says the Christian Citizen,)
 several short paragraphs from Southern news
 papers indicative of the semi-barbarous state
 of society that exists in some communities of
 the slave holding States. By the following
 extract from the valedictory address of Goy
 emor Edwards of Missouri, our readers will
 learn that even the Gubernatorial chair is no
 sinecure where slavery does its foul work of
 deadening the susceptibilities of conscience to
 every principle of justice, whether human or
 divine. After reminding the legislature that
 almost every Governor had fallen before the
 hatred, envy and malice heaped upon him,
 his Excellency goes on to specify the fate of
 some of his more immediate predecessors.
 “One —a good man and patriot—resigned
 and left his post before his time expired; the
 next left before his term was out, and not in
 good odor the next commited suicide a year
 in advance of the close of his four years and
 the next has moved at all times prepared to
 meet the assassin, during at least three and a
 half years out of the four of his administra
 tion. If a man is not driven to do it he must
 at least be willing to fight his way, if he does
 his country and his constituents as an execu
 tive of this state. And the matter is not bet
 ter now than it was formerly,but it is worse.”
 The residence which the state prepares for
 the Governor, he says, is better than it was
 when he took it, and would be “comfortable
 enough if it were furnished
THE NORTH STAR.
ROCHESTER, FEBRUARY 23, 1849.
Anti-Slavery Agitation.
 It is a most cheering sign of the times,
 that American slavery has become the promi
 nent theme of discussion, both in public and
 private circles. Other topics of course are
 introduced, but after being briefly commented
 upon, are then, as if by mutual consent, laid
 ‘under the table’ for an interchange of ex
 pression on this question, which, like the
 Egyptian’s rod, absorbs all others. This
 encouraging state of the public mind furnishes
 abundant testimony of the discernment, faith
 fulness and perseverance of the early aboli
 tionists, who, since the advent of the Lib
 erator by William Lloyd Garrison, have con
 tinued to pour upon this guilty nation the liv
 ing coals of truth—though to be sure North
 ern pro-slavery editors and others are pre
 tending to deny the source from whence these
 influences have emanated; yet impartial his
 tory will record upon its tablet the merit due
 to those uundaunted pioneers and victorious
 champions.
 The struggle commenced in 1829, when, in
 the language of another, the silence of
 death seemed to brood over the hopes of Lib
 erty—when the number of slaves had swelled
 to two and a half millions, and the whole body
 of Northern freemen also-were lying bound to
 the system by the chains of political and ec
 clesiastical expediency.” The pioneer sheet
 was in that dark hour unfurled to the breeze,
 in the eyes of the nation, within sight of
 Bunker Hill, and in the birth-place of liberty,
 consecrated to the cause, till every chain be
 broken and every bondman set free.” From
 that time to the present moment has its
 warnings, prophecies and appeals, though
 unheeded by the time-serving priest and poli
 tician, been accepted, proclaimed and devel
 oped by those who can now rejoice in that
 healthful agitation ere long destined to redeem
 republican America from the foul shame, ex
 citing contempt and surprise from the mon
 archies of the old world. An ancient philo
 sopher once remarked, tint there was always
 a merit in being attached to the subdivision,
 evidently intending thus to enforce the pro
 priety of keeping ourselves aloof from the
 multitude who do evil, but rather to be identi
 fied with the chosen tew, to whose hands in
 every age has been entrusted the mission ot
 regenerating society. Such a subdivision are
 the Spartan band of American Abolitionist*
 who, animated with a noble determination to
 free this land from slavery’s curve, avail them
 selves of every means of appeal consistent
 with their maxim, that absolute right is the
 highest expediency.” In accordance with
 this poMtion, their efforts have been made
 manifest in the various anti-slavery reso
 lutions, reports and addresses put forth by
 Legislatures and religious conferences, as also
 the yielding of slavery’s potent Northern ally
 —prejudice iigainst color.
 The recent movement!) at Washington,
 headed by John C. Calhoun—the exciting
 battles there waging between Freedom and
 slavery,and the cotemporary action in several
 local Legislatures, both North and Sooth, are
 unmistakable indications that the days of
 tyranny are numbered. Well may the “great
 embodiment' of slavery evince alarm for the
 interest* of the peculiar institution, when in
 States where slavery now exists are to be
 found men who, vritncvt fear or favor, are
 boldly bearding the lion in bif own den, in
 voking aid to effect its abolition.
 A vigorous agitation has recently been
 viable in tbs State of Kentucky on tbs sub
 ject of smandpution; but though a largo
 number am strenuous in its fever, yet
 glorious day of freedom has bees deferatf by
the House of Representatives but it as only
 for tbs present. Tbs pan up waters wtß
 sweep away all oppsfetfon. Tbs pro-da very
 puny there will speedy be glad to submit in
 such terms as may be dictated. Kentucky
 will yet be a free Sate. The line once
 broken, Virginia, Delaware and Maryland
 w3l soon follow suit. The Genius of Free
 dom, having commenced a march South, an
 Calbouniam will prove sufficiently potent tu
 arrest its triumph.
 In Alabama, a prominent citizen has ad
 dressed a letter to Governor Chapman, urging
 the necessity of a law to prevent the further
 immigration of slaves into the Statu; and in
 Mississippi, the same restriction has been de
 manded by an extra session of the Legisla
 ture. There, (among other devefopements,)
 though only a shadowing forth of what the
 exigencies require, are to be regarded by the
 abolitionist as ominous of a success the re
 ward of his vigilant efforts.
 The discussions in Northern Legislature
 have also borne testimony to the advancing
 state of public opinion. In Ohio, the noble
 exertions to wipe from her statute-book the
 infamous Black Laws, has been defeated by
 the Senate, though passed in the House by t
 vote of 19 to 1?; and Pennsylvania, as if de
 termined for an immortality of hatred toward!
 those she has injured, again refuses equal suf
 frage to her colored citizens. But this tern
 porary defeat will only awaken to renewet
 vigor the friends of humanity in those tw&lt;
 States. In their future contests with th&lt;
 enemy, may jhey prove as valiant as did Um
 ancient Romans, with whom to proclaim
 war was to insure a triumph—to invade war
 to conquer.”
 While chattel slavery, with its train o
 horrors, blights the Southern States of thii
 Union, the North is pre-eminently guilty it
 its exhibition of prejudice against those whosi
 complexions identify them with the laboring
 classes of the South. The abolitionists arraj
 themselves to oppose this cruel proscription,
 Many of them indeed assume the laboi
 cheerfully, and faithfully perform its require
 ments. The magnitude of this colorphobia.
 and the sacrifices often needed in its suppres
 sion, can only be appreciated by the unin
 itiated when informed that it is the Northern
 offering to the Moloch of slavery. A colore*
 American is usually treated as though hi:
 presence was a spell to conjure up the Devi
 withal—the finger of scorn pointed to him a
 he aspires to the means of equal improvemen
 with his favored brethren, and every injustici
 practised to crush his intellect, and render hi
 position in his own, his natire land, a cure
 instead of a blessing.
 In New York State, his citizenship is no
 acknowledged unless he possesses two hun
 dred and fifty dollars in real estate. A dis
 tinguished journalist thus expressed himsel
 in view of this anti-republican exterior
 Plutus must be highly esteemed where hi
 rod can change a negro into a man. If s2s*
 will perform this miracle, what would it re
 quire to elevate a monkey to this enviable dis
 tinction This embargo upon the colore
 man’s progress in the Empire State, will no
 always remain. Let the abolitionists direc
 l attention to this much-needed reform, be con
 slant in and out of season, and in due time a
 I enlightened public opinion wifi make an es
 j celsior step, and secure to all an equality c
 suffrage. Europeans, when visiting the Uni
 ted States, are at once surprised to witnes
 s the treatment meted out to the man of sabl
 s hue. Accustomed themselves to regard ma
 as man, it respective of complexional differ
 euce, they usually require some explanatio
 for these manifestations of colorphobia, o&lt;
 curring in every ramification of society, an
 are not convinced of its propriety any th
 i more on being told that the colored man i
 of inferior origin, and therefore a fit subjet
 for insult and reproach. Their education an
 manhood indignantly reject such an answer
 a slander coined at the bidding of slavery.
 s The colored man’s friends are constant!
 claiming for him an equality of privilegei
 i based on his nativity, loyalty, and the im
 f mutable law of God. There are, however
 those styling themselves abolitionists, wh&lt;
 1 are sometimes found deficient in a tryinj
 i hour. Such “falling from grace” doubtles
 occurs in the ranks of every reform for a]
 who profess are not always fully imbued witl
 t the principle, thereby losing opportunities o
 squaring their practice with their preaching
 f These anti-slavery tests are submitted in th&lt;
 every-day routine of business and social life
 and oft-times prove 1 severe trials, except t&lt;
 i those of the radical, genuine stamp. Aboli
 i tionists owe it to their high calling to be con
 i sistent; not to place their light under i
 bushel, but let its rays be conspicuous in thi
 sight of a pro-slavery community for in thii
 1 department, perhaps, more than any other,
 i are to be found the most direct means of influ
 encing the public mind.
 A few years since, when the State o]
 Massachusetts was agitated from Cape Cod tc
 i Berkshiie with the exclusion of colored pas
 sengers from equal railroad privileges, many
 an instance occurred where abolitionists iden
 tified themselves with the proscribed, re
 membering those m bonds as bound with
 them,” and on some occasions sharing indig
 nities, which were intended for those whore
 sin was the texture of hair and the hue
 of skin.”
 it is with the most grateful emotions that 1
 would here record the names of William Lloyd
 Garrison and Wendell Phillips, both of whoa
 on being with colored friends, travelling by
 cars unaided and alone, remonstrated against
 their colonization, and in the crisis preferred
 exile with the oppressed, rather than remain
 in comfort with the oppressor. Such exhibi
 tions of fidelity to principle were not lost
 upon the fellow-passengers. There is abund
 ant reason to believe that these and ""ifo
 incidents, in connection with the eloquent
 appeals of Charles Lenox Remond and other
 anti-slavery lecturers, were instrumental in
 removing all odious resytetkos from the East
 ern Railroad. So shines a good deed in a
 wicked world.” lave the true life, apeak
 the tree'word, and God will Mere the effort.
 There is a sun-dial in Italy, with the in
 scription, “I mark only the hours that riuna,”
 inculcating the lesson that though life is not
 all happy and beautiful yet we should not
 dwell always upon the darker portion of tbs
 picture, bat remember to look also upon the
 L*jwht «4e. What a satisfaction to the pro
 scribed American ia the feet, that ia
 this nisvery-ea isM than are thaee tree
 beans ready to eeeetd the and prrvi
 legs# to others so prised by themscto2 #hst
ia the highways and byways ef hfe, the ma
 raud ear and maamhout, the MP, eollugn,|
 and the church, in the stredHp*.
 parlor, noble hand are foneflw*d in pm
 poee, uneumprantistng lb principle, foarloe in
 action, whose wramplre are like specks of
 vredare amidst universal barrenness, of scat
 tered lights amidst thick and prevailing dark
 aem. Let him then taka courage, profit by
 aid of his friends, who point ban to the temple
 of rights and bid him eater, bat forge* no* that to
 hie own effort! mainly will he owe elevation.
 What waits he fort Why credent himself to
 repose at the base of the biH, when by an
 ascent to its summit, he may obtain an ingress
 to ife marble balls, where none shall molest
 or make him afraid.—w. c. x-
Prow the Tribww.
 Another Pacheco.
 Washington, Thursday, Feb 8.
 The following memorial was received a
 few days smoe from the interior of our State,
 subtaitod to ffbe House through the Spea
 ker, and referred by rule to the Judiciary
 Committee, from which Mr. Burt of S. C.
 this morning reported against it, and on his
 motion it was laid on the table. As Mr.
 Burt is the very man who voted and pressed
 through the bul to pay the widow Pacheco
 for her Mack runaway, I should have been
 glad to bear his reasons for rejecting this so
 gruffly, but be gave none. Hear the peti
 tioner
 TV the Horn. Speaker ef the House ef Rtpe. of the
 United Statatee ef America:
 Your petitioner would represent that in the
 year 1846, her husband, James Johnson,
 entered the army of Gae. Taylor as a volun
 teer, for $7 a month, and found. Thai, aftci
 being in the battles of Palo Alto and Resca
 de la Palma, be deserted for ill-usage or some
 other cause, and went over to the enemy:
 That at the battle of Buena Vista he was
 taken prisoner with the Mexicans, and, on
 being presented to Gen. Taylor as a deserter,
 the old General disowned him, and said bis
 men never deserted and sent him back to
 the enemy.
 Your petitioner farther learns, that your
 Honorable body pays for men—for instance,
 the “Pacheco Slave Case”—and your peti
 tioner, going upon the principle that a white
 man is worth more than a negro, prays your
 Honorable body to allow your petitioner the
 sum of $2,000 for the loss of the said James
 Johnson to his wife, and your petitioner will
 ever pray. Mart Johnson.
 Newark, Wayne Co. N. Y.’Jan. 16,1849.
Slavery in California.—The pretence
 that the soil and climate of California forbid
 the use of slave labor, and that therefore leg
 islation on the subject is superfluous, receives
 a practical refutation in the following para
 graph from a Washington letter in the Bos
 ton Atlas:
 “A gentleman of veracity has informed me
 to day, that a resident of the District has
 lately departed for California with eight
 slaves. He goes by the way of Missouri,
 and perhaps may be joined by other planters
 and slaves from that State. I have the name
 of the emigrant, and his location, but with
 hold them for prudential reasons.”
 Hydrophobia.—A communication in the
 Boston Daily Advertiser describes a remedy
 for hydrophobia, discovered and successfully
 employed by the late Dr. Benaiah Sanborn,
 of Sanborton, N. H. It is simply a strong
 decoction of lobelia, and powder composed ot
 one gr. opium one gr. sal nitre, one gr. gum
 camphor, and two grs. digitalis, all finely
 powdered.
 In a case somewhat advanced, the powder
 was given three time*, at intervals of thirty
 minutes. Afterward, once in four hours.
 When the symptoms are mild, three or four
 powders in twenty-four hours, may be suf
 ficient. Half the quantity for the smallest
 child.
 A strong decoction of lobelia should be
 given as soon as possible, and followed till it
 vomits. It should be continued, but not so
 freely. The wounds should be washed freely
 with the decoction.
Marriage on Sunday. —lt is said that
 the Pennsylvania courts have decided that
 marriage is a civil contract; and that they
 have also decided that no contract made on
 Sunday is valid. The Register says that the
 question is now being agitated whether mar
 riages made in that State on Sunday are law
 ful, and whether indictments for bigamy can
 be sustained, where the first marriage had ta
 ken place on Sunday.
Napoleon and the French.—Of the
 memory of the Emperor Napoleon, among
 the French, Mr. Walsh writes:—
 You must have travelled over France as I
 have done in every direction, to comprehend
 how mementos in the forms of pictures, busts,
 inscriptions, almanacs, narratives, songs, local
 honors, are multiplied and diffused, not a
 private or public edifice in which his name
 does not predominate. Thirty-three years
 have elapsed since his reign, his omnivorous
 and iron despotism is forgotten, his veterans
 and all the retired soldiery spread in rural
 districts, have constantly turned the national
 spirit so enamored of war and glory, to the
 homage which makes nearly the business of
 their lives.
In this respect (the subdirisiou of property)
 France, more equitable than England, has
 shown herself more politic. While our laws
 favor, by a continual action, the accumulation
 of landed property, hers, on the contrary, tend
 to a perpetual subdivision of it. It is possi
 ble that the system in France may not be con
 fined within proper bounds, but even were it
 carried to an extreme it is less prejudicial
 than the opposite one.— Sir Walter Scott.
Repute.—The London Morning
 CmHfele is rather severe upon this country
 in reject to its lack of financial credit. In
 allusion to the remark in Mr. Polk's message,
 that ‘the character of the nation is advancing,'
 that journal says:
 ‘While the Americans have more money,
 they have less honor. One feet is worth a
 thousand assertions about ‘tbe character of
 the nation ia advancing,’ namely, that not*
 withstanding the admitted and unparalleled
 resources ol America, her Federal Stock ia to
 be had at this moment, at a lower price than
 thooe of revolutionized France and distracted
 Austria.’ This is severe because it is unfor
 tunately true. The repudiating States of the
 Union have brought the blot upon our es
 cutcheon.—Boston Transcript.
Reform in Great Britain.—Reform is
 now said to be the watchword ot the day in
 Great Britain. An address to the Govern
 ment has been published in one of the lead
 ing periodicals of F-ngt*nd, the Westminster
 Review, in which the grievances of the peo
 ge are set forth in a form and tone which the
 ritish government will not dare to overlook
 The people are represented as determined on
 the following demands
 1. We demand a veal representation of the
 people in the Commons House of Parlimeot. j
 1. We demand an extension of the right of
 taeal settgovenunert.
 S. We demand economy and retrenchment
 ef administration of the pubhe revenue.
 4. We demand n tovimno and just appor
 tionment to the burden of Taxation.
 We demand a free press.
 demand a jnst administration of as
 7. We ‘orm. of conscience in
 "—Here of religion.
 8. We deoLd a law reform.
 8. We demand mat laws of inbentaaee.
 10. Wedamaadvedatminr the army and
 **ll W» demand preventative poor laws.
on »-ir
 u m b good thing to bo employed in
 futtonn* ft good com; tot no one ought
 for dtesake of one branch of need, to Unto*
 aw»y bb power todoppottoaityrfdwog Rood
 of any kind/’
 Thb bin extract from the letter of friend
 i» the Old Would, in reference to whftt he&gt;
 conceited to be a too exclusive attention on
 toy part to the subject of slavery. It b ft
 statement, in few words, of the argftmenfe
 frequently put forth against what some are
 pleased to call “one ideaisra.” The supposi
 tion is, that be who labors in one portion of
 the reform vineyard most do so at the expense
 and to the neglect of all other portions. But
 b thb supposition a true one! Ia U not
 rather true that reforms proceed oo the inva
 riable plan of removing the worst and mod
 apparent evil first, and gradually ascending
 step by step to the establishment of higher
 and still higher truths And b it not also
 true, that thb b the shortest and most direct
 mode to prepare the way for the development
 of those ideas that are more remote, though
 perhaps not less essential It b very evident
 that we discuss to little purpose the question,
 how a man shall live till hb right to life itself
 is proved and acknowledged. The truth that
 he has any right to live at all, most cease to
 be questioned before it need be decided what
 shall be the manner of hb existence. Sup*
 pose this granted, the next question in order
 surely is, whether every man is entitled to
 personal libeitv. He may live; but may he
 lire the life of a freeman moat
 answered before any other step can be taken
 in the scale of progression. It will not serve
 I to say, that, in as far as the majority of the
 inhabitants of these United States are con
 cerned, it has already been decided; for so
 long as any portion of a people are degraded,
 that degradation extend in effect to the
 entire community. It would seem to be a
 law, regulating the affairs of men, that no one
 portion.of the human family, living in the
 perpetual intercourse of daily life, can greatly
 proceed in advance of any other portion.—
 What is gained on the one hand, is lost on the
 other. It profits nothing that the physical
 existence is all that can be desired, while the
 intellectual is neglected; and little is gained,
 although the physical and intellectual wants
 are all satisfied, while the moral being is ex
 posed to corrupting and degrading influences.
 If the freemen of these States will not go to
 the colored man in kindness, and bestow upon
 him those rights which, as one of the human
 family, belong to him, and of which iiecannol
 be deprived with impunity, he will come tc
 them in vengeance, and prove his relationship
 in “a very unraistakeable manner.” The ef
 forts that are now being made in some r f th&lt;
 States to rid them of their colored inhabitants
 testify to this fact! Says the Preshyteriar
 Herald, as an argument for colonization
 Some of the slave States are beginning t&lt;
 feel that their [the colored inhabitants] pres
 ence is a burden which is almost intolerable/
 For the satisfaction of this Christian
 writer, it may be well to say, that this mus
 continue to be the case just until all degrada
 tion on account of color ceases to prevail ii
 those States. The same feeling exists to
 considerable extent in the Northern States
 where colored men are nominally free. Thej
 have freedom to go and come—to eat, drink
 &amp;c.; but freedom, social and political, th&lt;
 North also refuses them. That this state o
 I tilings cannot and must not much longer con
 i tinue, men are everywhere prepared to ac
 1 knowledge. It will not be let alone. Amids
 rejoicings for victory and golden discoveriei
 in California, and boastings of coramercia
 prosperity/this one blot on the Americai
 i escutcheon rises up everywhere like Banquo’i
 i ghost, to dash the cup of gratulation fron
 every lip. And so it will and ought to be
 I till this wrong ceases, and the colored Ameri
 can can stand on his native soil enjoying thi
 privileges of free and equal manhood.
 There is no magic in the advances of thi
 moral world. They all take place in accord
 ance with the fixed and unvarying laws o
 mind. Human evils are remedied by huraai
 1 means. As the physical being advances fron
 infancy to childhood—from childhood to youtl
 I —fiom youth to the perfect man so does thi
 moral being. We do not expect to see thi
 child of to-day, a perfect and fully develop*
 man to-morrow. He must grow gradually,botl
 mentally and bodily, in accordance with thi
 laws of his being. No more need we expec
 to see society, which is but humanity in thi
 j aggregate, reaching up to the higher steps 01
 j the ladder of progress till the lower ones ari
 1 first passed. But it is not necessary, whik
 acting upon this plan, that we should entire!j
 forget thaylMtototoigher steps. No doubt i
 would measures
 lower steps in progress
 should at once be adopted. But can this be 1
 Does not all past history bear witness to the
 fact, that this is not the order of progression 1
 It would have been better had Europe at onc&lt;
 emerged from the despotism of Charlemagne,
 into the light and liberty of last year, instead
 of passing through those long and dreary agea
 of priestcraft, kingcraft, and feudalism. Ii
 would have been better had the Eogliah Magna
 Chart a, instead of serving to give power and
 splendor to the few, been a declaration of the
 rights, and aimed.at the well-being of the
 many. It would have been better, had the
 Declaration of and the Consti
 tution of these States, when they first threw
 off the yoke of a foreign power, secured for
 every inhabitant, without distinction of color
 or condition, the same amount of liberty,
 rights and privileges. All this, we can now
 affirm, would have been so much gained—that
 ia, if the people's minds had been prepared
 for carrying out those measures. The fact
 that no quicker progress has been made,
 seems to be a sufficient evidence that the
 world was not sooner ready for it. We have
 in the institutions existing in any country at a
 given period, aa exhibition of the progress
 made by that country. Savageism ‘and can
 nibalism give place to incipient civihtation.—
 That again yields to a higher manifestation of
 the social compact. The ammus of one peo
 ple shows itself ia a despotism; that of an
 other in a limited monarchy that of a third
 in a republic. The people of that country in
 which the limited monarchy prevails, may
 mwanaMy he supposed to be ia advance of
 those living under a despotism; aad those
 again under the republic, in advance of other,
 because the feat is the highest expemioa ol
 what seems to be an incontrovertible truth—
 ■amply, the right of every man, supposing
 government bidfepsaasklf to any how, and
 by whom be dboald to governed. Bet a
then no form of Ike wcm! cow poc
 higher stifl tkm either of tee! We may
 rwo—My eondade that there is, because the
 eery highest foil b to secure for every man an
 equality of rights— foils even to secure for
 sows their inalienable right to life 1 liberty,
 and the gamut of happiness." (internment
 is, a* it were, only the shadow 6f the roan,
 and most change aa the light shines into him.
 As he grows, his garment must be enlarged.
 That which fitted him yesterday, may cramp
 and confine him to-morrow. He cannot re
 main stationary. Progress is the law of his
 being; but that progress most be made
 gradually, and in the right order! There are
 other reforms, and other inodes of effecting
 good, besides the anu-slarery reform. In so
 far aa these can be carried forward simultane
 ously with, and without retarding the anti
 slavery movement, they are deserving of sup
 port. Bat as it would be absurd to bestow
 great care and attention, and to lavish gifts
 upon the man who is merely hungry, while
 the destitute and dying are left to perish so
 does it appear to be worse than absurd—it is
 wicked, that while slaveiy exists in this or
 any land, it should be overlooked, and the
 attention devoted to other and minor evils.—
 Let this monster wrong be removed, and then
 the way will be clear for the removal of oth
 ers. How long would this sin, great and
 powerful as it is, be able to withstand the
 united and persevering assaults of all those
 who are exerting themselves, in the various
 benevolent enterprises for ‘ho
 condition ot the sinning and the suffering
 Not for a month—scarcely for a day. With
 the religious and moral sentiment of the land,
 bitraght to bear upon it in ail its irresistible
 influence, slavery, and its attendant prejudice,
 would be cast out at once and forever, as chaff
 before the w ind, or as the last snows of win
 ter melt away, under the warm, life-giving;
 sun-light of the coming spring.— j. d.
A Prediction.
 The London Times has the following re
 marks upon the proceedings iu Congress in
 reference to the “peculiar institution.” They
 were written soon after Mr. Goti’s resolution
 came up for discussion, and before the intelli
 gence of its disgraceful strangulation had
 reached Europe. This year” Heaven
 grant that the prediction may he fulfilled
 The arm of the oppressor is strong, and the
 day of right’s triumph may be delayed hut
 come it will for a’ that,” and at a not very
 distant day. Let us labor and wait.—j. d.
 Washington, the capital of the Union,
 and the spot where these discussions [on sla
 very] are held, in order to exclude it from the
 interest and factions of any one State, stands
 in a small quadrilateral territory cut out ol
 Maryland and Virginia, called the District ol
 Columbia. This sanctum sanctorum of the
 Federal Union still harbors the slavedealer.—
 Washington is the metropolis of slavery. The
 President, the Senators, and Representatives
 meet in a den of oppression, within the sounti
 of the lash and the cry of the helpless victim,
 Man is a chattel on the very spot which calli
 itself the centre of freedom.
As far as we can judge from the effect of
 popular decisions in the British House of
 Commons, we should pronounce it impossible
 that this stigma shall long survive in the Un
 ion. Every year strikes another blow at sla
 very, and brings another* adhesion to the
 cause of freedom. Last year we saw the
 French islands emancipated. This year—but
 we will not venture to predict, when the fu
 ture is a continual surprise. It is evident,
 however, that in the Union there is a decided
 majority of representatives, people and States
 against this notorious blot on the escutcheon
 of Republican liberty, and that all feel them
 selves concerned to wipe it out. Such a
 feeling cannot but triumph over local interests
 and the letter of the Canstitution, unless we
 overrate the earnestness of the American
 character.”
Influence of Slavery. —An edition of
 Sterne's works, it is said, will shortly be pub
 lished by some miserable doughface in Boston,
 with the word “oppression” substituted for
 slavery.” We shall have that passage—
 O slavery, disguise it as we will, still thou
 art a bitter draught!” reading, “Oh, oppres-'
 sion, &amp;c.! Great is the image which
 Nebuchadnezar, the king has set up' Even
 the marrowless bones of the dead are forced
 to bow down before it. Will the press have
 as much to say against this alteration of the
 author's sense, as they have against the or
 thographial alterations of the Harpers It is
 doubtful if Sterne would know, or if he did
 know, would acknowledge, his own child un
 der the Boston disguise. Macauley would
 not, it is likely, have much difficulty in doing
 both by liis, under the dress furnished it by
 the Harpers.— j. d.
Financial Reform in England.—Mr.
 Cobden proposes a plan of financial reform
 by which h« says as good a government can
 be produced for forty-five million pounds, as
 Lord John Russell charges fifty-five millions
 for. The Times sneers at the proposal, and
 speaks of putting the letter by the side of the
 literature which speculates on the possibility
 of there being by and by such not very likely
 things as talking birds and flying men. Forty
 four millions of pounds for the privilege of
 being governed Well, even that does ap
 pear a considerable price. It seems possible
 that the “job,” considering llie worth of it,
 might be done for even leas than that. There
 ’ate’ same rather •nrraonibie mortals an this
 side of the Atlantic who have thought James
 K. Polk's government dear at a fourth of that
 priee. 1 have even heard of some speculative
 theorists who are willing to try if they can’t
 get along without a government at all. They
 think it rather strange that so many should
 consent to pay ao much for what appears to
 them to be worse than useless. Is it not
 possible, if thin notion becomes at all preva
 lent, that there will be cheaper and better
 government, and lens of it* Government
 w made for man, and cot man for the gov
 ernment. It mast be changed and modified
 to aoit man’s wants, and eeaae to dip and pare
 bis ideas to sen its renmrementM.—j. d.
J. 8. BecuMUM, in a letter to Mr. Cob
 den, exhorts people everywhere to ad vacate
 and practise the abolition o f the one of all in-
 In sir Ming drinks. He says, that *in the
 United Kingdom the amount squandered on
 unwholesome and) unnecessary arti
 cles tteeeds £50,000,000 per ann.—a fond
 ent of which the whole national debt might
 be pud off in leas than sixteen years, and the
 iatemat (£28,000,000) which baf§» like a
 nmad the neck of the notion, might
 k® nwefl away at ones and for ever.—j. a.
Two Mxtom have been aem lu the Inane
 A»fhun In Pfcihddpbta, who hero none mad
 WWfMOM of the California eifpseot.
The Amkeica* Miwowtiti.’* Miauwr.
 —The second number of thia periodical his
 come to hand. It increases in spirit and
 bauty. This number opens with an inter
 esting story of lore and villafty, called the
 Golden Speculation,” in which crime and
 cunning meet with tnerited discomfiture and
 disgrace. This is followed by Mrs. Rich
 ardson and the British officer*,” a tale of the
 American Revolution; then comes a true-to
 life narrative, called The Old and the
 New;” the commencdßnt of “the Egyptian
 Masque, jl Tale of fhe Crescent City;”
 Hints on Convcnation,” an interesting and
 instructive article, by H. T. Tuckermtn 3
 second chapter on George Washington;
 “The Christmas Gathering “The Meeting
 of-Arnold and Andre ,'f* The Headsman ot
 Antwerp" continued Rome’s Three Glo
 nous Days,” The Poot Man,” a sketch
 showing how one may be passing poor,
 though possessing abundance besides sev
 eral smaller prose pieces and original poems,
 also, an original song entitled “The Remem
 bered Soog,” with the music—quite a lengthy
 catalogue, making altogether a very readable
 number. The engravings iu this number are
 —Mrs. Richardson and the Brittah officers;
 Arnold and Andre; Washington leaving his
 mother to join the British army; and the
 Chateau de St. Point, the residence of the
 French poet-politician, Lamartine. The moral
 tone of this magazine is healthy; and it is to
 be hoped it will help to displace some of that
 pink-cover and gilt-edged trash w hich is fill
 ing the heads of the youth of both sexes with
 miserable romance, and mawkish sentiment'
 alism. This evil is growing to a fearful ex
 tent; and every publication which supplies
 the demand for light literature, without at the
 same time vitiating the taste and corrupting
 the morals, is deserving of extensive patron
 age. The only way in which the abuse can
 be checked, is by making that which is truly
 good and beautiful, attractive. One really
 good tale, having a good moral, will do more
 to effect this, than a thousand sermons against
 the perusal of improper books. The Metro
 politan Magazine is edited by William Lan
 don, and published by Israel Post, 25‘i
 Broadway, New York.— l. d.
Strange and not Strange.—Tt is strange
 that so many American women can submit to
 be cooped up day alter day, week after week,
 in a confined room, in the company of
 those abominable close stoves which seem to
 have been invented expiessly for the purpose
 of giving- people headaches—scarcely ever
 once in a month breathing a mouthful of
 fresh air, or taking five minutes' healthful
 exercise, but inhaling all the time a close
 iron-heated atmosphere, ranging from eighty
 to a hundred. It is not strange, if, after doing
 this, they should go out sleigh-riding till well
 nigh frozen, on a day when the thermometer
 is somewhere in the neighborhood of zero,
 —that we should hear of so many dying of
 consumption. They could not, if they werp
 to try, invent a more sure mode of bringing
 about that result. Such treatment would kill
 a horse, llow can nervous and delicate wo
 men expect to endure it? “Disobey and
 suffer!”—j. d.
Cholera had been rather on the increase
 in Britain at the date of last arrival. The
 Board of Health had published a statement
 showing the number of cases throughout the
 country, from the commencement, to have
 been 8,929; deaths 3,83 ft; recoveries 2,211
 under treatment or result not stated 2,782.
 Rate of Interest in Wisconsin.— Both
 branches of the Legislature of Wisconsin
 have, by decided majorities, passed the an
 nexed law regulating the rate of interest in
 that State:
Sec. 1. Any rate of interest agreed upon
 by parties in contract shall be legal and valid.
 nc. 2. When no rate of interest is agreed
 upon or specified in a noie or other contract
 seven per cent, per annum shall be the lep a i’
 rate. K
Disgraceful ScENE.-Hyer, the victor of
 the brutal prizefight that came of at Rock
 Island yesterday afternoon was in this city
 this afternoon. On going to the Exchange, to
 send away a telegraphic despatch, his ap
 peart nee was greeted by the vociferous shouts
 of a large crowd, who almost oanied him
 from the cab .hat he was into the
 the vehicle P 9tair9 back again tu
 The cab containing him and two or three
 of his friends, passed the office of the Bulletin,
 on its way to Miller’s Hotel, Chesnut street,
 at a quarter before two o’clock, P.M., followed
 by a crowd who seemed positively wild and
 frantic with excitement. The sudden coming
 to town of General Taylor would hardly have
 occasioned a greater furor. A more dis
 graceful scene we never witnessed in Vliils
 d^phia.— Phtl. Buhim,
The hill to restore Gov. Dorr to the enjoy
 ment of his civil rights was lost in the R I
 House ol Representatives last Wednsday bv
 the casting vote of the Speaker. 7
If the speculator misses his aim, every body
 cries out, “he’s a fool,” and sometimes, “he’s
 a rogue f! he succeeds, they besiege his
 door and demand his daughter in marriage
r l° take Ink out of LiNtN.—Take a
 piece ot tallow, melt it, and dip .he spoiled
 part of the linen into the melted tallow. It
 may then lie washed, and the spots will
 disappear without injuring the Imen.
A youngster beiog asked bow many gan
 ders there are, replied, “Three, sir—the
 masculme, feminine and neutral.” “Well
 done, ray son; now define them?” “The
 masculine is men; the feminine is women
 ami the neutral is old maids and politicians.”
“Hallo, there,” said a fanner to an Irish
 man busily eogaged at one of bis cherry trees,
 “by what right do you take those cherries
 ld '‘‘‘r -r
EAtZSZ*** tmoM
M jjfcubionaUe clothe. *T X™
 no shirt; a cane
 iam htt r**outii.
 Ml drink, at
dJtlTfo that the we
 -Swam eUo exported last year
 2W.W* have laid in a large
 •tock with the expectation to export a larger
 amount the coming season.
The accumulation of wealth into masses,
 the consequent destitution of large portions ot
 •MMly, and the division* which are thus tr
 tarnished (a tween Hass and class, constitute a
 hnrharous to endure— -F t amit
Philosophy can bake no M
 procure A* u. Cod, ’,mwomh«j|
 Which then in mole practical, uhMoaephy m
 economy 1
