Communications.
Letter From Gerrit Smith.
 Frederick Douglass:— I learn from the
 account of the Pittsfield meeting, inf mu last
 paper, as well as from numerous other
 ounces, that I am supposed to be a large
 landholder in Florence, N. Y. 1 formerly
 held mime eighteen thousand acres in that
 town. I have, however, but a few bundled
 acres left in it.
 'nit re is a strong disposition in some quar
 ters iti have the colored people purchase the
 lands which I have left in Florence. Hut
 rinse lands arc of very moderate fertility, are
 not favorably situated, anti are Imld by my
 agent, who reside* in that town, at prices
 probably quite equal to their value. Mby
 then should the colored people buy them 1
 It may I*- very well for the colored people
 to emigrate to lands winch are given to them,
 even if they are interim quality, as are
 most of the lands which 1 have given to them.
 Hut wlrii the colored |*'oph* buy lands, and
 especial I v at tin ir full value, 1 think they)
 should buy such as are fertile, easy ol culti
 vation, and advantageously situated.
 Very respectfully, your friend,
 GERRIT SMITH.
 Pf.TERRORO, Feb. *l. 1849.
So Account y**l &lt;il the nt
 l)nnn.
 Vk. Editor :—Please give me a place to
 make my defence. “I am no pugilist,
 though heaven says, “defend thyself;” hence,
 I am lor the physical destruction of fiendish
 mcnstealcrs, and the influential deatli of pul&gt;-
 lic robliers —especially those who clothe them-1
 wives in priestly habiliments, that they may
 the more effectually carryout their mendacity, 1
 m tlie name of the poor and perfectly sue-;
 reed in plundering the ignorant. 1 notice in'
 the North Star of Jan. 19th, a letter lrotn
 Kev. Hiram Wilson, in which lie makes a
 personal attack upon ine and my character
 instead of answering my inquiries, put to him
 hi Christian Kindness and tor his own good.
 I'he public lias the right to demand of Mr.
 Wilson an answer to the interrogations re
 ferred to, from the fact, that he stood at the
 head of the missionary operations in Canada,
 and the public charities were, as a general
 ihing, committed to him for the benefit of the
 distressed there.
 The Christian donors should and will hold
 him responsible for a faithful applicatri .1 of,
 :md an accounting for them. If he fails to
 do these, he cannot escape a righteous public
 distrust and indignation. The logic of Mr.
 Wilson’s letter may do for his pupils at Dawn,!
 Imt never for their friends abroad. The letter
 is unfair, unkind, and unchristian in its pur
 port and had 1 a will for my pen, I would
 make its author regret that he ever wrote it.:
 1 am indisposed to exhibit the uncomely port 1
 of my brethren, and am truly sorry that Mr.
 Wilson has compelled me to write and publish
 what 1 am now doing. All know, who have
 ever heard me speak of Mr. Wilson, that I;
 have done it in terms of kindness and confi
 dence, while, at the same time, i have frankly i
 expressed my dissent from his general modus.
 opnandi or plan. Hut with all liis faults, i
 love him still.” I hope his heart is right,
 though his head is undoubtedly wrong.—
 Would to heaven, that the Christian’s head!
 and heart, though distinct as the trinity, were!
 one in its love
 My review of the letter shall be as laconic
 as possible. Hut read it through patiently, if
 you desire to know ihctruth. 1. Mr. Wilson
 accuses me of being much excited. 1 his
 1 positively deny. Head my leltei and see.
 lining so himself, he judged 1 was too.—
 o He says he has “no compunctions of con
 science about the said letter.” If lie has not,
 lie ought to have, from the fact that the letter
 is not true, as we shall see. 1 think in it lie
 speaks of himself as an itinerant preacher,
 and missionary, &amp;c. Now, iie knows that
 he has not preached in five different colored
 congregations in Canada, aside from Dawn,
 for as many years. Does he deny ill 3. lie
 says his letter was unoffending, which in
 fringed upon no one. '1 his, too, kc knows
 to he untrue. Will he deny that it was an
 attempted refutation of an extract from my
 Journal,published in the Christian Contributor
 of Aug. 23d, IKIh? Had it not been for this
 fact, 1 should have taken no notice of the let
 ter. lie talked to me about the extract, and
 expressed his sorrow at its publication. Did
 not the Executive Committee of the Dawn
 operation goad Mr. Wilson to the writing of
 that letter 4. He seems surprised, and can
 not understand how his letter should suggest
 the resolutions to me. This, he says, 1 am
 unable to see.” An unwillingness to see,
 will check the operation of the laws ef sug
 gestion. Everybody knows that it is one of
 the most natural things possible, for one un
 truthful document to suggest another and
 especially when they both emanate from the
 same source, and one of them got up from
 malice, and the other to cover up iniquity—
 one advocated by the Dawn mendicants,
 passed for public service by the perjured
 spoil-seekers of the people's donations, and a
 few good hut led-astray men, and published
 by a man who lias treated me as Jud:is did
 the Saviour—the other drawn up as a bank, to
 stop the current that was about to wash away
 the gold dust from the Canadian missionary
 streams —both of which are as black as the
 smoke of the pit, and as false as the records
 of the infernal regions. 5. He charges me
 with having “someprivate antipathy,” This
 is also untrue, if it means malice or hatred.—
 Heaven is my witness this day, that 1 have
 no malice or hatred in my bosom against any
 creature of God—,m, not even against Satan
 himself. This statement is made, like many
 other ot Mr. Wilson’s, w ithout knowlpalge
 and i ho|&gt;e he will take it hack for his own
 credit sake. He cannot know my soul bet
 ter limn 1 do m\self. Are we to understand
 him as saying, 1 am Cod’” Mr. Hill
 may be all and even more than Mr. Wilson
 says he is, hut certainly his being at Oberlin
 is no proof of it, nor is his being in a high
 place there, as everybody knows who is ac
 quainted with its history. 1 (,ojh; r JJjj|’ g
 heart is better than his head. 1 leave him in
 the hands of a holy and a just God, aiK j fe ia jj
 continue to pray for him as 1 do for Mr. Wil
 son and all my enemies. 1 tiuly trust that I
 shall have some belter evidence of Mr. Hill's
 friendship than 1 have had, as I belong to the
 Oppressed ones of whom Mr. Wilson sjniaks.
 J am disused to adopt only the views of toy
 beloved and devoted friend, Prof. Geurge
 hippie, who wxotc trie not long suit'* on the
subject, and who taya—“ I think Hr. Hill
 erred in publishing the resolutions, but 1
 believe he did what he ihooght the cause of
 truth and justice to Mr. Wilson demanded.”
 Mr. Hill either knew or supposed there was
 something wrong aliont the resolutions, or he
 would not have w ithheld from the public the
 names of the Chairman and Secretary of the
 Conference. This I believe and does Mr.
 Hill deny it* 7. Mr. Wilson says, In all
 fairness, Mr. Newman should have introduced
 the resolutions to which he alludes, or said
 nothing about them.” Every child ten year*
 old, and almost every fool knows better. I'he
 logic of this is. if a man, in writing for a
 newspaper, is reminded of something that
 happened in the city of London, and he
 mentions the fact, then he must, “in all fair
 ness,” paint the city of London for the pages
 of the paper, or say nothing about it. Such
 nonsense is unworthy a man of education. 1
 am not at all sorry that Mr. Wilson intro
 duced the resolutions and their source. He is;
 truly welcome to all the pleasure arising from
 the supposed injury their publication does me.
 1 It is very doubtful whether they emanated, as
 it is said, fiom the Conference. Them is
 good reason to believe that they were written
 out of, and sent or brought to it, and by one,
 too, w ho is not a member of it. Does Mr.
 Wilson deny this Let him say so. 1 con
 fess I fee! myself honored by the misrepre
 sentations and abuse of any conference, called
 by the name of that great awd good man,
 John Wesley, that is so degenerated as to have
 a known blasphemer and cut-throat minister to
 preside over it. It should have been said,
 that the resolutions were signed for, and not
 hv the Chairman of the Conference. They
 were, 1 believe, drawn up and passed more
 from haired to me than love to Mr. Wilson.—
 Don’t he believe it too 1 Will he deny it
 F. Hefore 1 examine the preamble and resolu
 tions, permit me to say, that I am a clous
 communion Baptist preacher, and quite popu
 lar, as such, among my Methodist brethren
 in Canada, (I shall be pardoned for this seem
 ing self-praise; I state the fact because it
 seems necessary,) both Episcopals and Wes
 leyans. For ibis, I w as hated and the more
 so, from the fact that some of the Wesleyan
 members would not hear some of their own
 ministers preach—some who are big ones in
 the Conference too, but would come and hear
 me. Do they deny it Let them say so.—
 9. The Sydenham Wesleyan preacher*—th«
 institution drones—the money-mongers, wore
 desirous of rendering me, if possible, un
 worthy of public confidence, because they
 feared (what is now coming to pass) a revela
 tion of the darkness of Dawn, and thus shield
 themselves from public suspicion and odium.
 10. As it respects the public meeting and
 statements at Oberlin, it seems it is uncertain
 what I said. I believe I said that Rev. Hiram
 Wilson did not preach in the colored churches
 in Canada. And (1) because he did not at
 that time. (2.) He knew that the colored
 people there did not want to heai him.—
 (3.) He was, and is still, almost universally
 disliked by the colored people. Does be deny
 it (1)1 intended so to I did not.—
 (5.) W. 11. Day, Esq., who ws* Secretary
 of the meeting, tells me that the language
 used by me w as, that Rev. Hiram Wilson
 did not preach among the colored people in
 Canada, because lie knew that they did not
 want to hear him.” (Mr. Day will correct
 me if 1 have misstated it, for 1 write from
 memory.) Mr. Hill takes the affirmative of
 this question, and he is hound to prove it true,
 or his testimony is not to be taken. Hut to
 the statement of Mr. Hill. This letter, as
 read in the Conference, says, at which
 meeting the said Wm. P. Newman staled
 that Rev. Hiram Wilson could not preach in
 any colored church in Canada.” Hut ihe
 Conference says, in the first resolution, he
 “was not allowed to preach,” &amp;c. Is there
 no difference between could not and not al
 lowed to? Thus the Conference is guilty of
 falsehood, by affirming that 1 said what
 never did say, and even what Mr. Hill admits
 1 did not say. Is it worthy of confidenae
 It is also said, after the reading of the let
 ter” (Mr. Hill's) in the Conference, it was
 asked w hether any of the seventeen delegates
 knew of a disposition existing in any of the
 churches where they travelled to close their
 doors against Rev. Hiram Wilson, or prohibi
 tion from preaching in any of their places of
 worship.” Mark! “Every delegate slated,
 without hesitation, that no such feeling or
 spirit existed in their neighborhood.” This, I j
 affirm, is base falsehood, in proof of which, Ij
 give the testimony of Dea. George Johnson,!
 and Rev. Henry Cooper, of Dawn. Permit
 me to remark here, that Dea. George John
 son is one of the trustees of the Dawn school,
 and is regarded by all who know him (and
 they are not a few) as a Christian gentleman,
 and one of the first gentleman of color in
 Canada, and Rev. Henry Cooper is now the
 Pastor of the True Wesleyan Church at
 Dawn. Geo. Johnson says, I will take
 oath at any time or place, that Mr. Robert
 Jackson, of the Queen’s Hush, C. W., a
 member of the Wesleyan Conference, did
 oppose the passage of those resolutions by the
 Wesleyan Conference against W. P. New
 man. If he voted for them, it was after 1
 left the house. And further, I affirm, the
 day after they were passed by the Conference,
 I asked Rev. Peter Curtiss, a member also of
 said Conference, why he voted for said reso
 lutions, when he knew they were not true;
 and he said he knew it, but the only reason
 why he did it was, that he did not wish to
 appear obstinate. Rev. Henry Cooper
 stales—“ I did not vote for the resolutions in
 the Conference against Hr. W. P. Newman,
 because 1 knew they were not true. I know
 that Mi. Wilson was denied the privilege of
 preaching in the colored Wesleyan Church *t
 Dawn, by father Robert Warren, Sen., the
 Steward of lire church.
 “Georoe Francis, Sen.
 Witness, Charles H. Harrison.”
 Dawn, C. W.,Oct. 21, 1H47.
 Who has lied 1 Is the Conference worthy
 of confidence? Nay, verily! 11. Hut the
 testimony of neither Mr. llill nor Wilson u
 to be taken, for they are personally concerned
 in this case. And further, it seems that
 either one or both of them are guilty of
 forgery in this matter, for which they deserve
 the public odium or penitentiary. In tbs
 first resolution, as published in the Oberlin
 Evangelist of Oct. ISA, 1647, over the signa
 ture of Mr. Hill, the last clause of it reads
 thus; This Conference deems it its duly to
 say, that the said report isenUrely incorrect.”
 This is what Mr. Hill says the Conference
said. Hut Mr. Wilson says, Mr. Hill has
 lied, for the Conference did not say so, but
 said, according to the rdoluttoos published in
 the North Star. Jan. 19tb, 1849, M This Con
 ference deems it their duty to nj that the
 said repoit is founded io falsehood.” From
 this, it is difficult to know what the Confer
 ence did say; but we know that it did say
 enough to show they were a set (or the most
 of them) of detestable hypocrites, and that
 they were aided m their hypocrisy bv two
 men, one of them a professed minister of the
 gospel of truth, and the other a so-called
 religious Secretary of the Oberlin Institute;
 and that their object was to injure an innocent
 man. Cod will judge them! Mr. Wilson
 says—“ The resolutions alluded to by Mr.
 Newman are the naked truth, my own ex
 perience and consciousness bearing testimony
 and concurring with the statement of the Con
 ference,” the resolutions of the Confer
 ence, as published by Mr. Hill. Then Mr.
 Wilson has forged a part of the first resolu
 tion, as published by hiinaelf; hence, by his
 own showing, he is a vile hypocrite. Has
 Mr. Wilson forgotten the fact, that the col
 ored i&gt;eople of Toronto were about to mob
 him when lie lived there? And also that the
 |»eoplc of Dawn, but a few years ago, talked
 of doing the same thing This I learned
 from good autboriiy. Has he forgotten that
 he told Mr. Gcoige Francis that the colored
 jieople did not want to hear him preach
 Has it slipped his frail memory, that he told
 me he had no heart to go out and preach
 among the colored jieoplc, from the fact, that
 w hen he went where they were, they did not
 even invite him in their houses to get a bite
 to eat, and that he had to buy himself a six
 pence loaf of bread, and eat it by the way
 side” 1 Has he lost sight ot the undeniable
 fact, that they would not permit him to preach
 in the colored church at Dawn? If Rev. J.
 H. Fairchild, Rev. Nashville-flogged Amos
 Dresser, at d S. B. Cox, Esq., a gentleman of
 color and distinction, who weie the committee
 that wrote to Rochester, and of whom Mr.
 Wilson speaks, but fails to give the public
 their language, will say that I said what Mr.
 Hill affirms 1 did, I should be disposed to
 think I did say so, and that it was a mere
 slip of the tongue, though it was true, as 1
 have already shown. “In all fairness,”
 neither Mr. Hill, nor Mr. Wilson, nor the
 Conference is to be believed in this matter,
 for I have proved them false in fact.
 Did not Mr. Hill either know or believe that
 there was something wrong about these reso
 lutions? hcitCe, he withheld from the public
 the names of the Chairman and Secretary.—
 Does he deny this? If he does, let him say
 so. 12. The second resolution expresses the
 confidence in and good will for Mr. Wilson by
 the Conference, and its appreciation of his
 efforts in Canada. Of the sincerity of such
 expression, the public may judge, when I
 tell it, that I have a letter in my possession,
 written by Peter B. Smith, and dictated by
 Josiah Henson, Sen., lioth members of the j
 Conference, which affirms just the opposite of
 this. I would insert it here, but it is too
 long. Do they deny it? For the truth that
 such is the purport of the letter, 1 refer to
 President Mahan, of Oberlin, to whom 1
 showed it! Mr. George Johnson says—“l
 will testify at any time and place, that I have
 heard some of the very men who voted for the
 passage of those resolutions against W. P.
 Newman, among whom are Peter B. Smith
 and Josiah Henson, Sen., say that they had
 no confidence in Hiram Wilson and further,
 Mr. Henson said, Wilson is a rascal!’
 Has Mr. Henson forgotten that he told me
 he had “no confidence in Mr. Wilson,” and
 that lie wanted to get a colored man in his
 place”? Does he deny it? 13. In the third j
 resolution, call Mr. Wilson “our
 brother.” If he “is a rascal,” as he is
 called, and the Chairman highly appreciates
 his labor,” then he appreciates the labor of
 a rascal, and it follows that he himself is one.
 14. Mr. Wilson says, When I wrote to the
 Liberator, 1 had then no official connection
 with the Dawn Institute, and have not at
 present.” I affirm positively, that Mr. Wil
 son told me, when at Dawn in Novemlier
 last, that he had “accepted the trusteeship in
 the place ot friend F. Stover,” for the Dawn
 school. Does lie deny it 1 And also that he
 was then acting as Chairman of the Ex.
 Committee of the same school. This, too, I
 dare him to deny. 15. He tries to get out of
 answering the interrogations by saying, I
 do not feel called upon to answer sixteen in
 terrogations, over the heads of the Trustees
 and Committeemen.” Mr. Wilson has been
 the President of the Institution till very re
 cently, and he is the one, and the only one,
 upon whom we ought to call foi such infor
 mation. Besides, the donations of the people
 for the poor were given to him, for the most
 part, to be faithfully applied fur their good,
 and we hold him responsible to see it done,
 and to give us an account of it.
This is as much as we can spare room for
 this week. The remainder will appear in our
 next number.
Reciprocity of Trade with Canada
 —The following resolution was passed in the
 Canadian parliment on the 3d instant:
 “That it is expedient to provide for the
 free admission of gram and breadstuffs of all
 kinds, vegetables, fruits, seeds, animals, hides
 wool, butter, cheese, tallow, horns, salted and
 fresh meats, ores of all kinds of metals, ashes,
 timber, staves, wood, and lumber of all kinds,
 of the growth of the United States of Amer
 ica into Canada, shall be admitted without
 duly into tlie said United States.”
 Reciprocity. —ln the House of Assembly
 of Nova Scotia, on the 20th January, a Com
 mittee was appointed, on motion of Mr. At
 torney General llniacke, to confer with the
 legislatures of the United States, Canada
 and New-Brunswick, on the subject of recip
 rocal free trade. The (Committee consists of
 Hon. J. I). Uriiacke, Hon. G. R. Young,
 Hou. Mr. Huntington, and Messrs. Marshall,
 Taylor, Killman, and Moit.
From the New Lisbon Aurora.
 The Liberator, the paper which first
 sounded the tocsin of alarm against American
 slavery in directly opposing it, in now in the
 lWth year of its age. Mr. Gairison, its able
 and efficient editor, has been at the helm,
 with one or two short exceptions owing to ill
 health, ever since 1830. By hts energy he
 has roused the nation to not only see but ac
 knowledge the superlative wickedness of
 republican oppression; and the end will be
 the triumph of liberty. So much for the
 effort* of a once obscure PRINTER.
 Long live the Liberator
 _ m
 Kinjurrmo.—Three free negro bovs were
 kidnapped lrotn their home, is Hamilton
 couoty, Illinois, on the evening of the 4th ult.
 It is supposed that they have been taken to
 the South. Huzza fee the Union!
The Patriarchal System Wcwac of Us
 Frail*—Sob therm Barlwrita.
 A Him*red Dollars Rtwun.—Raa
 away from the subscriber, living at Harmon,
 Arkansas. (Mouth of Jute River,) some
 time in February last, a nog roman named
 Joho, of the following description to wit:
 of copper nunplextoo, about six feet high—
 rather slender made —28 or 30 years of age
 f —had on, when he'left, a pair of while
 Kentucky jean pantaloons, a grey kersey
 round-a-bout, and an old white bat.
 Any person apprehending said negro and
 confining him in any Jail, where I can get
 him, shall have fifty dollars: or if be is
 delivered to me at my plantation, at the abore
 place, one hundred dollars w# be paid for
 said delivery.
 WILLIAM C.. CTMBY.
 Little Rock, May 20, 1848.— Ark.
 Democrat.
 Awful Murder. —On the 16th inst., a
 negro boy, the property of Matthew Parker,
 about the age of 16, entered the house of his
 master, and assaulted James L. Taylor, frac
 turing his skult with an axe. He then struck
 his mistress, and fractured her skull also;
 both were asleep at the tune. The only mo
 tive for the deed was, that lie had been threat
 ened with a whipping. The boy was arrested,
 tried anti committed for trial next week.
 Taylor lived a day and night only. Mrs. T.
 had been trepanned, and was alive on the 20,
 inst. The villain has confessed the murder,
 and will doubtless expiate his guilt upon the
 gallows.— Central Georgian.
 Southwestern Tragedies. Many
 months have elapsed since we gave our read
 ers a detailed account of a tragedy which
 occurred in Mississippi, in which Washing
 ton and James Billioes were killed. A man
 named Brown, and his "•on-in-law, Wages,
 were concerned in it. Wages for a time
 disappeared. A few months back fie reap
 peared in the county, and, with a roan named
 McGrath, got into a difficulty with young
 Harvey, upon whom Wages pretended to}
 have some claim. Harvey shot them both,
 as lias been reported in the Mobile papers, 1
 copied by us. Since then, the tragedy has
 deepened in atrocity, and five more lives have
 been taken.
 It appears that the father and mother of
 the Wages shot by Harvey lived in Alabama,
 close to the line of Perry county, Miss.,
 where they harbored the gang of outlaws
 with whom the r son and McGrath were
 associated. They swore vengeance upon
 Harvey, and hired a man named Lee to kill
 him, giving him a thousand dollars for the
 job. Lee took with him a party of three or
 four, and proceeded to earn his money.
 Young Harvey had been cautioned not to
 expose himself, and lie had removed from the
 house or cabin upon his farm to his father’s,
 but was in the habit of visiting his farm once
 or twice daily, to look after it. This Lee
 and his party found out by prowling in the
 vicinity, and took advantage of Harvey’s
 absence to enter his cabin. They secured
 themselves therein, cut loop-holes foim which
 to watch his coming, and, armed with guns,
 patiently awaited his arrival.
 Harvey discovered the preparations made
 for his murder. Joined by a younger brother, j
 he raised a party of eight or ten men, and
 all proceeded to his cabin. The miscreants
 inside were taken by suiprise, butsecured the
 entrance to the cabin. Harvey very recklessly
 led to attack them He rushed upifn the
 door and buist it in, hut they were prepared,
 and TjGc shot him directlpthrough the shoulder
 and breast, killing him. His younger brother j
 immediately shot liec down, and as the party
 inside rushed out to escape, lie look a flying;
 shot at them, and killed another man named j
 Gcoige Jourdan.
 Upon receiving news of his son’s death,
 old Harvey determined upon exterminating
 the nucleus of the gang—old Wages and hi 3
 wife. A party volunteered to follow him,
 and proceeded across the line of Alabama to
 the residence of Wages. They found the
 old folks at home, seized them, and with
 ropes taken with them for the propose, hung
 them by the neck to the rafters of lire house.
 Waiting an hour or so, till their victims were
 dead, they then left and returned into Ala
 bama.
 It is due to the Harvey family to say that
 they have long been known as honest, re
 spectable people. They were peaceable even
 to a fault, until recently by an attack upon
 one of their number, and bis subsequent mur
 der. It is estimated that twelve or fifteen j
 lives have now been taken in the tragedies in
 which the Wages family had been mixed up,
 directly or indirectly, and our informant as
 sures us that we must not expect that the
 lives of the old folks will go unavenged.— N.
 O. Picayune.
 Frightful Murder.—On the evening of
 the 7ih inst.. as Mr. Dugarry, a respectable
 resident of the Third Municipality, New
 Orleans, was returning in company with Capt.
 Mazerat from the polls of the First Ward,
 where he had been to ascertain the result of j
 the election, he was suddenly assaulted by
 some fifteen or twenty ruffians and bullies,
 who knocked him down with a brickbat, and
 then finding him unable to rise, beat him
 about the head and face in so awful a manner, J
 that iiis life is utteily despaired ot. It is said
 that in defending himself, Mr. Dugarry killed!
 one of his assailants with a small sword,!
 though nothing certain is known on this score.
 One of tjie gang has been arrested. Dugarry
 is since dead.
 Horrible Murders. —We learn from the
 Brandon (Miss.) Republican, that on the
 evening of the Ist inst., a horrible and brutal
 murder was committed on the railroad near
 Petrie’s mill, in Hinds county, on two men by
 the names of Blake and Alway, by a Mr.j
 Hughes, who was a contractor on the rail
 road, ami had employed Blake and Alway to
 work for him. /For some provocation un
 known, tiiey took Hughes up, and after strip- j
 ping and tying him, lashed him severely.
 After satisfying themselves in this manner,:
 they left Hughes on the spot, as they suppos- j
 ed, dead. Hughes, however, soon recovered,
 and smarting under the lash, procured an.
 axe, went to their lodgings and murdered
 them both in their sleep. Hughes is now in j
 the custody of the proper officer*, and has
 confessed the bloody deed.
 A Rencontre.—A rencontre took place£tn
 the stieets of Moa%f*rnery, Alabama, on'
 Tuesday between A. Wray and one.
 of his former overseers, Mr. Lester. Mr.j
 Wray, on receiving some provocation from:
 Mr. L., drew a revolver and fired three stmts 1
 at the breast of his antagonist, w hen at the
 distance of only about three feet from him.
 Fortunately for both parties, Mr. L. was but
 slightly injured. Mr. Wray wa* bound over
 in the sum of $5OOO.
 Murder. —A German woman, by the name
 of Hensley, or Hensey, residing near the
 Cnvois road, about six miles from St. Louis,
 was cruelly murdered on Saturday night, the
 10th inst. The murderers are supposed to
 be German, as they spoke that language to a
 boy in the house who attempted to give the
 alarm They indicted a severe wound upon
 him striking him with a knife in tlie breast.
 The woman ran out of the bouse crying mur
 der The fiends pursued and overtook her,
 and with a kmfe cut her throat from ear to
 ear.
 Mean**— A man named Patried, was
 stabbad bv another named William Childs, in
 Pickett’s precinct, Ballard county, Ky., op
 posite Cairo, on Tuesday last. A fracas took
 place at the polls,*
 ClhikJi, wko in l*r*e
 thrust a kmfe between the neck and shoulder
 of Patrick, bun a mortal wwmd.*
 Child, was ujpiro the following day before
 the cireumsta^“J P roce f kd
 up th# Ohio on the Gondolier. He has
 pursued. He was former!? jailor at Bbad-
 Tille.—(Cairo Delta, Aug- 17.
 M crocs —The akfFraeet (Ky.,) Common
 wealth, of the W* i»s*., eoßtams an account
 of the murder of J? “jl
 The murderer. J«*»
 a grand jury has boon mdwsd ip *m «am.f
Commcrti oL
RotUirta. Mart*. 1,1949.
 Tlw fnadrsEiTr been good daring the pw*« wet*.
 md hmim*9 baa bna &lt;pnte octree. la lw there
 has been little doing. We bear that as alTer of
 94 90 made far 1,009 hi 4* yesterday. The
 frier ii MOSS. Several inads of Whral oa Or
 street *T«tffda». ami soil at Cora sefla
 ai 47c. for i—tfata delivery, ami offer* are
 made for lots to br delivered oa the opening Of
 the ratal at Sir.
Rochester Wkalmlc Pnee* forte*t.
 FI.OUR ARP MEAL—Dot* 20 r* d Tal
 Floor, ?hU 5 00® 323
 Corn meal, tt hash 50
 PROVISIONS.—Doty; Beef .Pork ,Ha«»s Bacoo,
 Batter sad Lard, 2)fc; Cheese 30 9 e ml Tal
 Pork, (inr») .12 00, ®IS 00
 Do. in hug 4 00 4 SO
 Beef, cat. 3 30 4 50
 Do. hid. (mess) 700® 8 00
 Lard (tried) (pfc O
 |&gt;o. (leaf,) 6
 Hams, (smoked) 7 0
 Shoulders, do 5 ffi
 Turkeys (fib ..0
 Chicken* O
 Potatoes, hush 38 30
 GRAIN—Duty; 20 c ad val
 Wheat, bush 1 I2J
 Corn 45 47
 Rye 30
 (hit* 26
 Barley 50 53
 HIDES—Doty; 5f cadral
 Slaughter .3)
 Calf -.10
 Sheep Pelts 12J 25
 SEEDS—Duty; Linseed 10 pc; Mustard 20 (p
 c ad val
 Clorer 3 50
 Timothy 150 i®
 Flax 1 00
 FlSH—lhity on foreign caught; 20 fcal val
 Whitehall old 6 75
 Codfish cwt 3 25
 SUNDRIES—
 Salt, p M&gt;l 1 06
 Apples, littsh .25
 Do. dried (fi) 62J
 Eggs, If** 15
 Beans, Iwsh 75 100
 Hay, ton 10 00
 Hard wood 3 00
 Soft Wood
JOB PRINTING.
 THE NORTH STAR OFFICE, is furnislied
 with new Job Type, for the execution of every
 description of Printing w ith neatness and denpatch,
 at the lowest prices for cash, viz:
 Hand-hills, Blanks, Billdieads,
 Programmes, Circulars, Bills of Lading,
 Pamphlets, Cards, Labels, &amp;c.
 Narrative of tiie life of Freder
 ick DOUGLASS, written hy himself, to be
 had at this office, price 30 cents.
 CHARLES JONES, North Star House, No. 26,
 North Street,J;l&gt;etween Fifth and Sixth, and
 Market and Arch streets, Philadelphia.
 Strangers visiting the city will find tlie North
 Star House the most central, convenient and com
 fortable House in Philadelphia.
 Philadelphia, Dec. 1, 1848 3m49
 BOOKS, &amp;c., For Sale at the Antt-Slavf.ry
 Office Reaping Room, No. 25 Buffalo!
 st., Second Story opposite the Arcade:
 Narrative of Frederick Douglass.
 Jonathan Walker.
 Portrait
 Spooner on Unconstitutionally of Slavery.
 \V. Phillips reply to do.
 Legion of Liberty.
 Slavery illustrated hy its effect on Woman.
 Also a rich variety of Fancy and useful articles
 made hy the Ladies’Anti-Slavery Society.
 Asylum for the Sick xvho have been con
 fined to their beds from 1 to 20 years.
 DR. HAMILTON’S Hydropathic and Anvnlytic
 Asylum, No 217 Exchange Street, opposite tlie
 Orphan Asylum, Rochester, N.Y. This Institution
 is now firmly established and in successful opera
 tion. The proprietor analyzes every disease that is
 admitted tliere, and applies tlie natural and appro
 priate remedy. Although water is used ii. every way
 tliat is applied in any water-cure establishment ui
 the United States, yet the proprietor wishes it to be
 expressly understood that it is not relied on ns tlie only
 or principal icmedy in tlie treatment of disease sule
 mitted to his care.
 Tb is Establishment is designed for that class of
 invalids who have failed to obtain their health hy all
 other systems of practice, and are still unable to
 walk or stand on tlieir feet, and are confined to their
 beds, wearing nut a life of misery and suffering with
 out any hope of ever being any lietter.
 The remedies made use of in this Institution not
 only entirely remove disease hut give iucreascd
 strength and elasticity to the system. Many have
 lieen brought here from different parts of the coun
 try, who had neither walked or borne tlieir weight!
 oil their feet from five to fifteen years; and some
 w lio have been unable to dress or undress, or even
 to feed themselves, and in the course of a few weeks
 w ould he walking with tlie elasticity of youth ami
 tlie quickness of a pedestrian, astonished at tliem
 selves, and surprising tlieir friends and all who saw
 tliem w hen they first came. The treatment of this
 Institution is particularly calculated to remove tlie
 diseases iieeufiar to females, such as
 Ist. The falling of the Womb, in all its stages
 and conditions in patients, from twelve years of age
 up to sixty, and even if tliey have been confined to
 tlieir beds from one to twenty, unable to stand, walk,
 dress, or undress themselves, or even too feeble to
 liear any noise or speak aloud.
 2d. Weakness and Falling of tlie Bowels; Pain
 in tlie Side, Shoulders, Buck and Head; Spinal
 Diseases, Liver Complaints, Sinking Sensation at
 the Stomach, Palpitation of tlie Heart, Dyspepsia
 in all its forms ami stages, Piles, Costiveness, Di- 1
 arrhcea, Suppression of tlie Menses, Excessive
 Menstruation, Whites, all Nervous Diseases, Cold
 Feet and i lands, St. Anthony’s Dance, Tetters of
 all kinds, Salt Rheum, in iu woist forms, Neural
 gia, Tic Douloureux, Rlienmatism, Constnnptiod in I
 its first Atages, General Weakness and Debility. i
 'Hie proprietor has given his whole attention to
 the aliove diseases for tlie last t en years, and has i
 treated them in :ui entirely different way from any i
 otlier private practice or public Institution in this
 country; and such has been his snccess, am] so cer
 tain are his remedies in tlieir effects on those dis
 eases, that insteadsof |&gt;ubf toiling a long list of cer
 tified cures, he wi.-he* to give that class of invalids
 seeking to olitain their health a sufficient guarantee
 against any false pretetciotu, exaggeration, impo
 sition or deception, so dial no one need he to any
 expense in this Institution without being benefited.:
 RTie* proprietor will enter into a special contract f
 with any one who undies to do so, tliat he will ad- j
 mil into the Institution, to advance the money and
 pay all die expenses from any part of the United
 States lie re and hark Imme again, before he com-!
 mencee the treatment, mid give a bond to board dieui, i
 together with his professional services, for nothing,,
 if he does nut help diem according to rontrw’t. Any
 one thinking the above proposition not a sufficient.
 guarantee against mtorept csf iitatious and expense
 without receiving equal benefit, can let the proiirie- J
 tor know what wifi be satisfactory, and it shall be j
 duty coesidered.
 This Institution has grown up from private prac
 tice by the influence of thorn who have hrea helped
 here, as nothing has ever been published before; f
 and die proprietor means that it vbafi sustain itself i
 In iu own merits, or pay the expense of those who
 choose to make a coni' act in ease of failure. The
 design of this Circular is not to make known the j
 cures that have been wade in this institution, because
 they mnsf soou be believed; but to let it be more)
 extensively known to the poor suffering invalids
 that have spent hundreds of dollars in try ing all
 other systems of practice, and without mark or any
 benefit, aad still remain confined to their beds from
 five to twenty years, that there is an Institution
 whose treatment is difliereat from any other one the
 United Stales, and is parucuktriy adapted to their
 situation, aad can have it east them nothing unless
 they are materially benefited.
 From the aaure of treatment in this Institution,
 the aasaher of patients awt be limited, therrfhe the
 proprietor dues not solicit the patronage of slight and
 ordinary cases which may he easily helped l/y other,
 system* of practice; aor does he want any one to
 come, anless they wish to get well, aad are wiling
 to he made well nssmgh la wait from five la tweet j
 mile* at a time, aad follow it up dav after day in
 ■accession; and nlse aiffing to be amde ahfe to ee&gt;j
 dam as emeh iahar aad fotigae as amat af people
 that calf thsmsckci wed, as he means that every
 amt that goes through a fhamagh coarse of treatment
 in the Analytic lastitatitm slml show by (heir
 creaaad sueagth. dufirity of station, finaasm af
 irxinee, cxpaUhiy «f eadanane, aad uapaovod
 health, that the treatment in this Inst it nt ion is fhaad
 ed on the natnrat laws of organised matter, aad
 i, iaat t|iwalfy ha tspuiaity aver every other dif
 ferent system of practice.
 AI miwsiasintinnw adtfianoed to IW THOMAJ*
 HAMILTON, Rochester, poet paid, wil receive
 immrdrrtt aoeatiua- If rested, reference vril
 be mads to dame who have bora htlpi d ia that late
 tattoo wsleiaa gpad itfiifgn as roptwibiltty
 rof thepnprietor tofamettha abavs^expense*, if

\fw W*ld aid Jewelry Sltrf.
 JOHN KEDZIE having change! his partnership
 d ial ferns, ku removed k&lt; Shop two tkv*&gt;
 North to No. 11. State Street, where he is prepared
 to cv*nj*-te m itr &lt;,U- of on entire ir«
 Sunk af Heads, ooststta* &lt;4 Gold ami Silver
 Eaglish, Anchor, ll&lt;&gt;rin*wuJ ml Vwtiral Watcbe*.
 tsokl Guard and F&lt;4» Chains. Gold Seal* am! Kri
 Gobi aad Sdrer Pencils, Spertorlc* and Tbnnhfe#.
 Gold Ear-Rings, Rrarefot*. ami Finger-Kmc*—.
 Sul assortment, cheap; a variety of L*4ic*’
 otfemea’s Brc»_*t-Pir», new &lt;*&gt;lr; &lt;lstble an.! 1
 single Htasting g&gt;dd and plated Isckrtr, Gob! Frw,
 best tpnthtv. Silver awl Jjheii Cutaiw ami Cases,
 Fine Cutlery, lie. fcc.
 The aiu&gt;re ami a variety of other desirable Goods 1
 usually kt jit in rar laziness, arc rtffemf M i more ml-'
 vantageoas terms than usttil; aad it is partiraUrlv!
 drsirtxl that the footls sbraU Iw exainmed, ami
 pricci- ascertained, before imrchnwg cUrshere in
 this umrket.
 We manufacture and keep on hand a goo«l assort
 ant of Silver Spoons, warranted as (wire as Ame
 rican coin.
 Will also keep an assortment of Accordeon* ami
 other Musical Instruments which will In* sold very
 low.
 We intend to keep a "oral assortment of the hesf
 Brass Eight-slay, 39 hour, an.l afcurnm Clocks, as can
 lie found in this city.—Call ami see ths'm.
 WATCH REPAIRING, faitblully tkme ami war
 ranted by an experienced w irkman.
 Farther particulars at No. 11 State Street.
 J. KEDZIE Co. I
 P. B.—To the Farmers in particular we woukl!
 give notice, that we txive a variety of Barometers;
 which will give that know ledge of the changes of tlie
 weather, so as to he able to adopt his business to ii*
 variations. Plc.lv call and examine them, as every j
 man ought to have one.
 Bep. 15, 1848. 6u,.
DR. A. LARK,
 DENTAL SURGEON.
 I would respectfully inform the citizens of Rocliester
 and surrounding country, that I have removed niv
 oftke Imm No. Smith’d Arcade to inv ducllmi;
 liouse No. 92 Monroe Street.
 1 huikful for |»ast favor* in the line of my profes
 sion, and flattering myself tliat I ran give pertect
 satisfaction to all who may favor me wiih tlieir pa
 tronage. 1 would invite all tlsise who are de
 sirous of having operations performed on tlie teeth or
 of having teeth insertetl to call on me and satisfy
 tliemselves.
 A. CLARK.
 N. B. All operations performed by me on tlie
 teeth ami Plate Work warranted.
 Rochester, Oct. IS, 1848. tf.
NEW PUMP FACTORY.
 THE suiiscritier bikes this method to inform the
 citizens of Rocliester ami vicinity, that he has
 just estahlisln'd a Pump Factory, at iimniier 224,
 Main street, where he will be kippy to wait ii|mhi all
 who may favor him with their patrontige.
 Having had considerable rxpi'rieiKv in his line of
 husim&gt;ss, he nledges hiuiself to furnish as good an;
 article, and of as good material, as can lie proninal j
 nt any other similar establishment in this city. His
 Pumps are furnished with eitlier wood or lead pifie,
 •as may suit customers, lie also sus|&gt;plies, to order,
 every description of Aqueduct Logs, or l.end Pijie.
 Tlie subscriiier will take pleasure in directing such
 of his customers as may require the information, to
 competent workmen, who will attend to all calls for
 digging, drilling, or blasting wells, promptly, and at
 reasonable rates. All kinds of Pumps repaired to
 order.
 QC/“ The alxive work will lie furnished at the
 lowest prices, for c ash. Persons will do well to
 give him a call before purchasing elsewhere.
 J. It. FELT.
 Rochester, July 14,1848. 1y29
Assignee’s Sale.
 AS Assignee of Stephen A. L Each, deceased, i
 1 sliall sell at Public Auction at tlie Ar- j
 cade Hall (opposite the Post Office) in the city
 of Rocliester, on the 9th day of April, 1919, at l2'
 o’clock JM., One undivided fourth part of all that
 I tract ori parcel of laud sitmite in tlie Village of,
 Honeovy Falls, town of Mention, County of Muii
 roe of New York, bounded and descrilied
 as folios' Beginning at ilie west corner of a lot
 of land;owned in the year 1843 by Ezra R. Ben
 ton, ai.jl now occupied by Asa Pride, and on the
 NortheiSy line of Monroe Strrct, tlieiice along the
 line of&amp;aid street north forty eight degrees, west
 one chain twenty and one half links to Robert
 Hand’s line; thence north forty-two degrees, east
 at right angles with said street tworha' ns and thirty
 nine links; thence mirth forty-eight degrees, west
 six feet and two inches; thence continuing along
 said Rand’s line north thirty-nine degrees, east one
 chain and sixty-two links to H arry Ai.les’s line;
 (lienee along his line south forty-eight degrees, enst
 one'chain; thence south thirty-four degrees fifteen
 minutes, west jatong said Au.Kn’s line one chain
 sixty-four ami a lialf links; thence south forty-five
 degrees and forty-five minutes, east eighteen bilks;
 thence along said Benton’s line (now said Prides
 line) south forty-two degrees, west two chains anil
 thirty-nine links to tlie place of liegiiiuiiig,containing
 alwnit half an acre of lam), Is-ing the same premises
 coDVeyml by Kiid Leach loJerome B. Fellows,
 by deed dateil October 17ili 1848, and reconk'd in
 Munroe county deck’s office Oct. 19, 1848 at ten!
 o’clock A. M., in lib. 82 of (teed* at page 172 The
 above descrilied premises will lie sold subject to a
 certain mortgage executed hy said Leach toj
 Charles Paulk, dated 16th and recorded in
 Munroe (.'oinity Clerk’s Office on the 18ih day of,
 Octolier 1848 at 10 o’clock A. M., in lib. 46
 mortgages at fiage 500.
 Dated February 15th 1849.
 6* Jerome B. Fellows, Assignee.
POST AND Wild.lS, Dealers in Drugs, Medi
 cines, (dieuiicals, Dye Stuffs, Paints, Varnish,
 Oils, Glassware, Brashes, Perfumery, Daguerreotype
 Slock, French and German Chemicals, Artist*’
 Colors, Bui.-lies and Canvass, Ellierutl Oil, Gobi
 Leaf and Foil, &amp;c. kr.
 Being Agents for most of tlie celebrated Family
 ami valuable Patent Medicines, and receiving tlie
 same directly from the Manufacturers or tlieir Agents,
 tliey are enabled to supply all orders at wholesale
 and retail, on tlie most favorable terms.
 Homceoputhic Bisoks, .Medicines, and Family
 Cases, with full directions. Only agents lbr West-;
 em New York.
 Also, Sherwood’# Vibratory .Magnetic Machines,
 with directions.
 Pliosgene Gas; also Etlierial Oil ami Lamps, for
 burning the same. Thnse wln» would consult eco
 nomy and convenience are invited to examine these
 Limps. Tlie attention of Country Merelianls, Phy
 sicians, Families, and olliers, wishing goods in tlie
 above line, is requested at tlie APOTHECARIES’
 HALL, 4, Exchange Street.
AUBURN and ROCHESTER
 RAIL-ROAD
 ON and after Monday, 23d October die three Pass
 enger Trains will Is: arranged as follow*—
 Eastward. —To leave Rochester at 12 j a.m.,
 II a.m., ami 71 P.H.
 Westward.—To leave Aubtirn at 2 3oi a.m.,
 4 3m a.m., and 4 Sm r.a.
 On and after tlie Ist November. tin- fore fo-tween
 Rochester :uvl Aulsirn will lie *#2 2M iir fir-t rh»s
 ears. Tickets will also lie sokl entitling its- holder
 to a seat in the Emigrant cars h aving Rochester at
 P. at redacts! |&gt;rice#, to lie |Siblid«»l liereaf
 ter.
 'rhese tickets are from Rochester to Synuuee,
 Utica awl Albany onfy, goiag East. This train is
 timed to run to Albany in 18 hours from Rochester.
 The other two trains are timed to run tl»ere in 14
 hotira rue b.
 WM. WILEY, tkwainiewlral.
 Rochester, Oct, 20, 1848.
Bref—Bt*f—Brrf!
 Alt J. HIIAW’, Buteliers, 3, Ceotre Market,
 l&lt;cg to return their sincere thanks to the
 citizen* of Rochester, Cut the Jiheral imtronage he-
 Slowed tuma tliem since they ofttatd the above
 place. Mtaeorer, it i* their earnest desire, hy
 strict attention t« Imsiness, and keeping always on
 hand an article of the first quality, to merit a still
 further extension of the patronage already so liber
 ally conferred upon lhem.
 N.B. They Lave at present on band prize beef o
 the first quality, fed by Mr. Murdoch. Farmer,
 Mtmdyerenk, Orleans Cosouy, N. Y.
Hair-UUIiK tM Dreshißf at
 Ralph FRANCIH’r Saloon, under the Engle
 Bwffaiowueel ,ui 14—3&lt;a
BOSTON IftTEKTISEIIEm.
NtfW BOOKS.
 F'R SALE at the Ami-htovcry Dcfmaitory, 21,
 Ctwalidl—namely,
 A few roptr* remain.
 Life rfWiUon W. Brawn, 2d Edition, with addi
 tiowai matter ami new engravings. Price, hnwad,
 I7|cts; fo paper cover*, 25 cn.
 Mr. BhswhfonP* Appeal in regard to the War with
 Mexico, 124
 Position nod Dabs* of the North, with regard to
 SUvtry. By A taken P. Peabody. &amp;*U-
 But Month* at Grarfeabcrg. By Henry C• Wr(ght.
 Vkk Oownmgtotekl. dm »wWn. and
 Taykr, the tfeddier* m*
 ~,M“ 8,, t-ryC. WrMhh J eto-stofWi
 els- per do»e». 1
HOME POR ME FORMERS.
 f FHE ratorlrr luu nvmm4 to that mmm, roars
 X rneot. xml rrntßi|h«mlin(4inw, No. 2) Own.)
 f’rart. w her*- Keviffte most happy to orlrnmr =omr
 nf the Fr»e«rt» of Refi&gt;nn. at n asoovtile durffi.—
 lie wishe* his l.«w to le the rentrxj jhrr iu B&lt;m
 |h«, where lb friend# &lt;»f T»-m|*rar*ce. tV»ce. Purity.
 Fmxiotn, the IVwoorr, Ac.,mat avert together.a*d
 enjoy i &lt;&gt;o*fiirto)de’rmd quiet home.
 Central Court oui#. at 238 W street.
 JOHN M. 9PEAK
 Boston, Aug. 21. 1849.
 IMoMAft P. SMITH. No. 39, Brattle Street.
 sign of the 6t4dn HaM. New and Seeuud
 i band kithiug Store.
Thf Mawarhusf us Qiarlrrl) Ref if w.
 (COMMENCED o*. the first of December, IS«7.
 OW Ito Ist March, June. a«d
 •v j i» September. It will he ifetoted to the imere*l
 ot m&gt; party or ebss, U,« ,t. wdl ewlea
 voy to present an of«-n ami b.r fiekl fiw the aotice
 ami d.senwion of waller* pevtaiaww to Philosophy
 1 Rcligtoo, am] Iftnnunitv.
 I he Review will la* mmhirtrd by R. W. F.mer-
 Thmskae Parker, ami J. Cfiot CWipt, assisted
 s«'veral otlw-r gentlemen.
 Lirli iitHnlrr w ill contain ahnit 125 i«age*, at the
 price o| S 3 a year, in advance.
 t oinmiinicaiions, suliecriptin»*, kr. shouk] lie
 addressci to the Publisher*,
 COOLIIKIE k WII.KY,
 12. Water Street, Boston
IJbBKRI MORRIS, j*.. Attorney and I'onn*
 XL **llor at Li», Brazor’.* BuiWlmg, State Street,
 Boston.
JOHN l&gt;. REV A LEON, Hair r.,t„„ K Sak«,n,
 ami Perfumery EmporMn, 114, Klarkstone-st.
\uh fork a lit URTIsEII eats.
Jl ST FI BLISIIED, am! lor *.ile at tin- office of
 of tin- Anti Slavery Stan,fart]—
 The lesion of Lilirrty, ami Force of Truth, lthh
 edition.
 This work cmibiin* aUmt 2th) page* of close
 reading; 1500 eminent authorities, and aU&gt;ut sixty
 illustrative engravings. Price 37) cts. in imudm,
 ami 25 rent* in pn|«*r covers. A vety liberal dis
 count to those who imrrhase a mimlier of eopie*.
 The Condition, lutliieiice. Rights, ami Ap|&gt;eal of
 omen, from various autliors, 124 cents,
 letter to tin- Pet,pie nf the United State*, tnuchiiig
 the Matter of Slavery. By Tlutslore Parker.—
 pp. 120. Price 19| cents.
 Wm. \V. Brown’s Ist ture hefitre the Female A S.
 Society of Salem, Mass. Rcimrted by 11. M.
 Parklnii'st, Boston.—pp. 22. Price Scents.
WILLIAM S. POWELL, Saik.r’# Home, 61,
 VV Cherry Street.
 DR. J. M’CUNE SMITH, 93, West Broad
 way.
TJ INNINGS, Snrgeon-I)eiiti*t, 185, North
 Broadway.
JOSEPH C. HOLLY, Boot and Shoe slaker,
 No. 97, Cranliery Street, P&gt;r&lt;M,klyn.
 N.B. R&lt; pairing neatly execiiteil at the shortest
 notice and mi tlie most reasonable terms.
PHILIP A. WHITE, Druggist, corner of Frank
 fort and Gold Street.
GENTEEL BOARDING HOUSE.
 Clll ARLES lIIGHGATE, would rexpectfullv in
 -1 tbrin his friends and tlie (Hihlic, tliat he continues
 to devote every attention to those pleased to favor
 his home” with a call. Tlie house is pfoasnutly
 located at 632 Broadway, Alliany.
 Feb. 19, ISIS.
YiriLLIAM RICH, Hair Dressing and Bathing
 v V Saloon, Troy House, Troy, New York, j
 NEW »*U HI, I CAT lONS.
 WIF-L BE READY IN A FEW DAYS,
 Walker’s Appeal, with a brief sketchof
 hi* life by lh nry Hi "bland Hornet.
 Also, Garnet’s Address i» the Slaves of the Uni
 ted States. This address was rejevled hy the Na
 tional Convention at Bufiak, in 1943. The edition
 is small, and those who desire copies will do well to
 send in tlieir orders early.
 JUST PUBLISHED, a 1-eeture entitled Titr.
 Past and Present Condition of the Color
 ED Race, hy Henry Highland (famet.
 Published at Troy, N. Y. Orders attended to.
 April 29, Bm.
General Intelligence Office.
 GEO. W. GOINES having opened an Establish
 nmnt at tlw* Philadelphia Institute,
 Lombard Street, aliove Seventh, for the purjiose of
 procuring honest and faithful domestic# fin tlio-e
 who may require tliem, and obtaining place# for
 such as arc qualified and in want thereof, l#»g* leave
 to refer to tl#- follow ing named gentlemen, who liavn
 kindly |&gt;oriiiitted tne use of tlieir name* a#
 r t: v r. u users:
 Aiinrcw M’Mukin Editor of the American Courier
 RoU-rt Mon is, Editor of tlie Inquirer
 Jas|# r Harding, Publisher of tlie Inquirer
 Charles J. Peterson, Editor of Neal’s Gazette
 Thos. B. Florence, Editor of Time* and Keystone
 Rolieit Howell, 88, Cliesimt Strei-t
 llillium J. .Mullen, 278, Catherine Street.
 Philadelphia, Sept. I, 1848. ly ;yj
DU. D. J. PECK, Physician and Surgeon, Phi
 ladelphia Institute, Lmiliard Street, afoive
 ih'venth. jy
KRKK PRODUCK STORK.
 NEW GOODS just recived. General reduction
 in prirej*.
 Fine 4-4 Prints, various styles.
 New styk-s of Piinis of medium quality usual w idth.
 Fine and wide Pa|&gt;er Muslins. Also Colored
 1 ’ambries.
 Curtain alien. Superior fine Chintz Umbrella*
 (bl ('loth#.
 Satinets, good ami cheap. Also on hand, mostly at
 reduced prices, (•iugiiaius, varunt# quatilie# ami
 styles.
 Fim- ami lieavy Shirting, Slweting*, ami Pillow
 Muslin#,
 Slrijs d ('.niilcics. Fim 6-4 Plaid Muslin.
 Mieliti &lt;k* l-iiue, plain ami neatly figured, all wool
 Linen.-, warranted Ini' from eoiton.
 Flannel* 4-4 gmsl and price low. Canton flarmels,
 while ami eokirerl.
 1-abk* DiafMi .oul lot It*, of different slyfe*.
 Apron am I I uriiitureC ls,U. t'&lt;aton Hamlkerciuefs.
 Cotton Twilled P.intaksui Stuff*. Also Linen
 Diilliug, kr.
 Lmg amt Imll Host*, fine ami lieavy.
 Knitting ottou, various No*., blearherl, brown, and
 colored.
 Warkling, white and colored Colton latpa. AJ*o,
 Refined l»af, Crustied, ami Pulverized Sugar,
 Brown Sugar, good (ptafiry, of various grade*.
 ’l’l# wltok: stor k exekr-tvely Free l-ilwr Gooris,
 to which if#- Stilmcrilier woukl invite tin* attenliou
 of country inercliants, a# weft a* his friemi# and lire
 jmblie geiwrdly.
 Mur h |fciini is taken by tl#* Manager* of Uie Fiee
 Prmince Avsoeialion, toacmt the Hufnmler to en
 large if#' assorliiM'iit (tom time to lone,
 GEORGE TftYLOR,
 Northwest corner Fifth and Chmy-tb.
 Philadelphia 2d mo. Ist, 1848. If
Free Labor tools.
 MA NI 1 AI'I I RED by the American Free Pro*
 dure A*#.# latum, ami for sale at No. 31, North
 Fifth-street, Pin tub!|&lt;fn.i
 Manrhebr r Gingbnnu; Cheek*, Apron and Fur
 mime; Canton Flannel, snblearlied; Mrwhu,
 Ijlear'hrsl ami nnMrarhed, of Varion# qml.lie* ami
 wu!th; thin Muslin huaog*. Iron n and roluted
 Bird Eye lowcln; blar k ami while VI eliist;
 CUAUm laif/*; I-imp Wick; Red 'lVking. an ex
 cellent article; Calico, Stocking*, Knitting Colton,
 kr. kr.
 Orders fi«r Good*, or k-ttr r* desiring intimation,
 ■toy bn arhlre*#ed to J. Miller Mrkim.3l, North
 Fifth-*treet; I Ernie IL. MiUrr, Tratlertrwt; or to
 James Mott, No. 35, Wih Alley.
 A large ami hainlsotuf a- -alns-nt of Print* now
 on hand. yuf—tf
Aiti-MUrerjr Olffr
 No. 31, Sorth fifth Street, Phtkmk/pAta.
 AFll LL aaeortment of aatesJavrr, pnhhrntom.
 to M on l«-J' AI-
 ms-,
 Frith-Mrrrt, Phtlmfe^w-
t ,IK DELAWARE ABOLITIONIST.
 A PAPER af the will be ptoUtehcd
 W'llmtngton, by the Delaware Aafti-Hlavwv
 i Bocrety. I* be r u l lj 7 Hire, sad *JI
 he pnldtohod on a hail tomlmto sheet, at twenty-five
 rente per year. «g few twenty UfmUn. ItwiUbe
 dre.aed to erwwaci|mtMm iw Ueiawar*. and wiU ad
 vocate iu trerstodiihusl by off law fed memos. It
 wti bo fMddubsd Msm-tnontUy, tf mmm msfmf-
 to vAn M the msniiiu bn AttW.
 JAMEM B. BROCHtIL^
