FREDERICK DOrGLASS, i
 M. U. PHHY, j Editom.
VOL 11. NO. 11.
The NORTH STAR in published rrfrj
 Friday, at No. %l, Buffalo Street*
 (t tpjn**t' Ars/idt.)
 TERMS.
 Two dtlLtr* |»T annum, alvoy* 1,1 frlroH I No
 *i'».’riptimi will re« v iTn.l fi&gt;r 3 low •erm ilmh
 ox month*.
 Advertiiw*n«ent« n 4 pwlihg t&lt;*n line* inserted
 tine* f.»r ow ilollxr; evr*ry inser
 tion, twenty-five
 Th» »l&gt;iwt of tin- North Srtn »iU I** toalt.uk
 r*l.trKKT in all it* fain* sml .i-jx-et*; advocate
 I mvi rui. Ev «ha rio&gt; exalt tie* standard
 of I*t hi.i* Miimi.iit; j»r«»moif die moral an«l in-
 I&lt; lU-rtii.tl improvement of llie oI.ORM&gt; PEOPLE
 ..ml iiaaten life day of FREEDOM In llle THREE
 Mili.iov* ~f our Enslaved Fn.i.ow Cobs
 mnov.
I* FBI .IS 11 Eli*?? NOTICES.
 'f)~ Ml communication.- r&lt; biting to ll»e butint*-
 v» .I'/rs of i Ik- |i.i|&gt;er, name* of nilwi ilrri, rein it
 ti ;r dioiil.l l»* addressed In Jons Dick,
 Fuiilisiier.
 Agents, an all oilier* sending names, are
 e pM sltvl to l&gt;e accurate, and give the Pt*t ftjjirr,
 he GWnv. and lie* Stott. Each Striwcrilier is iui
 me.liateh rrediied for monev mreived.
 w- anv |*eifon sending in llie payment for tiiir
 tMih*eriliers, to forwarded to one addrees, may
 have a fifth copy for one year.
 !£_•* All letters and communications must lx* post
 paid.
MSI OF AGENTS.
 M as« achusktts. —R. F. Walciitt, 21, Coculiill,
 Boston; Nathan Johnson, New Bedford; lloratio W
 Fost-T, Lowell; James N. Buff.im, I.yim: George
 Evans, Worcester; Bourne S| former. I'lvnrotitlt;
 (liiarles 11. Seth, Springfiefl David Kitgglcs,
 Nortluiinploii; 11. (\ir|ieiiter. I pton.
 Maine.— Oliver l)&lt;*:mett, Portland.
 Vermont. Rowland I\ Rohinson, North Fer
 ri.-lmrg.
 Mom vrcTirfr. —Jonathan Leonard, New Haven
 Ni. iV II AMfSHittr. Weare Tappan, Bradford.
 Nnv V’ork. Sydney H. Gav, 112, Nassau
 Strrvt; June- McCtme Smith, 93, \Vest Broadway;
 j ,seiih Post, Westbnrv, Oueeii County; Mary Har
 per, llianv; Elias Doty, Macedon; Willetts Km'se,
 Peru, f'linion County; William S. Baltimore, Troy;
 .1. F. Plitt, Perm V'an; J. Jeffrey, Geneva; F.. L.
 PI itt, Bath.
 Rhode Ist.ash.—Auiaraucy Paine, Providence.
 PenS9Vt.tr asia.—J. M. M’Kim,3l, North Fifth
 Street, Philadelphia; G. W. Goines, H, Exchange
 Place, Ditto; B. Rown.Pittsliurgh; Win. Whippcr,
 Columbia; Isaac Roberts, Jacob E. Paxon, Norris
 town, Montgomery County, Milo A. Townsend,
 New Brighton.
 Ohio.—Christian Donaldson, Cincinnati; Wat
 son and Gaines, Ditto; Valentine Nicholson, llar
 vevs'mrgh, Warren Co.; Samuel Brooke, Salem.
 Michigan. —Roliert Banks, Detroit.
 Indiana.— Joel P. Davis, Economy, Wayne Co
jTollii of our AbucrsaritG.
Farm near Athens, Ga.,
 Feb. 19th, 1849. j
 Mr. Editor; —l find it useless to
 write to men who do not heed, or can
 not comprehend the ideas I may con
 voy, and who, judging from the matter
 of the ’editorial of the samples of your
 paper sent ir.e, attempt more the rhe
 toric of words, than the imparting of
 solid knowledge. In all the mass of
 verbiage which you write for that
 press, how little of ideas are conveyed,
 and of these ideas, how little accurate!
 Do you really understand yourselves as
 white folks see your reasoning? 1 have
 taken a glance over some few of your
 editorials, and although I observe the
 exhibition of some talents, the bulk o.
 their purports falls far below the con
 densed or even diffuse argumentation
 of able white editors. 1 know not that
 you have any white assistant to correct
 and dress up your effusions, but they
 are not such as men properly pretend
 ing to, or conscious of equal parts and
 capacities with any other people on the
 globe, would write. Take one exam
 ple, elaborate with F. I).”—his rea
 soning to his own people, January 19th
 last. lie said that the colored people
 c annot find a State by themselves in
 New Mexico, or anywhere not beyond
 “gun-shot” of the Anglo-Saxon race.
 This is the cream of that piece*of tedi
 ous loquacities. Now what has this
 model negro of Abolition idealized,
 that can be observable as to his
 race? I put it to Gerrit Smith, to
 Lewis Tappan, and to W. L. Garrison
 on your side, and to any three gentle
 men on the side of fairness, of truth,
 to decide whether or not you implied
 the inferiority of your race, and the
 propriety of going off to Liberia—that!
 land beyond American “gun-shot.”—
 You do me injustice in trying to ex- 1
 hibit me to ridicule. You ridicule
 your own mental and moral powers, by
 estimating yourselves unable to live!
 near, but separate from the Anglo-1
 Saxon —as if one race could control
 the destiny of the other, how’ever
 guarded yours be by a State con
 stitution! And in effect, you, in that
 19th January article, undid the allega
 tion you made a few weeks previously, i
 that you had better moral and mental
 qualities than my second letter to you
 evinced to be mine. Y'our inferiority
 and dependence on the race of your
 old masters, are confessed by your
 selves.
 In few and short remarks you made
 relating to myself, you do not respect
 that God to whom I referred as to cer
 tain decrees, and attempt to cast odium
 on me as a seeker after “notoriety.”
 II I want negro notoriousness in writ
 ing to you, ami had no ulterior view,
 no ameliorating design, no desire to
 rescue my Republic troin dissolution ini
 its uni*y; it, in short, iny object, equal!
 to assassinating a &lt;iueeu,” was like
 the aspiration of Erastratus, why did I
 not get a shorter road to this fame,;
 by immolating myself in Georgia, and,
 sanctifying my name at the North
 among your friends, by sending you a
 letter most abusive on the South? Why 1
 do I face the thunder of the South, by
 warning its interests to colonize your 1
 dangerous tribe off in their patrimonial
 country, and incur the hatred and;
 scurrility of the Kmancipatists in Eng-t
 land and America, by telling you, in
 plain, unsophisticated English, what
 you are? Of course, like every man
 who tries to better the world, 1 too
 must have some ambition. Ail men but
 U»»* merest drone or expletive, have
 Atoiratiou. The only difference is that!
 \V*-h exists be ween mere seekers of I
THE NORTH STAR
fame for its sake, like Bonaparte, or
 those that look to conservative deeds
 for gratitude of mankind, which con
 fers a true and honest immortality. If
 I can (no matter what or whom I be)
 manage to induce my countrymen to
 peremptorily plant the Africans else
 where out of this Republic, and by so
 doing preserve not only our political
 Union, but an affection between the
 various sections thereof, ultimately
 henefitting both races, my motive would
 be better seen, and my notoriety”
 transcending all your conceptions of it!
 If I were in England, so far from no
 ticing the Queen, who i 9 the helpless
 creature of the British Constitution,
 were I inclined to do Britains a favor. I
 would point to the necessity of ameud
 ing her Magna Charts to greater lib
 erality. I care not for persons; prin
 ciples and systems are what the wise
 aim to establish—the matter of indi
 viduals being arranged by nations
 whenever circumstance and prophecy
 warrant a division.
 I do not care for a controversy, when
 I have evidence that no fair argument
 ation can exist with those who descend
 only to ridicule and to sneer. It is
 enough that the North saw’ my letters
 —the thinking white people there, who
 have the capacity to appreciate my
 remarks, and the candor to conscien
 tiously admit the impregnability of
 my position, as well the propriety and
 humanity of my advice to you. You
 flitted over them like the butterfly overl
 die flowery hills, but the truth is not the
 less durable.
 I saw that my observation that I had
 prayed to God to agony for the coloni
 zation of the negro race in Africa,
 drew from “J. D.” a jest at its being
 scarcely endurable.”
 I saw my remarks in the second
 epistle bringing from “F. I).” the
 church-attacking epithets of Calvin
 istic kidnapper,” and “evangelical
 woman-flogger.
 What now shall be inferred from
 such lame attempts at disparagement,
 eschewing all argument as these: My
 natural view was directed to that pro
 pensity of your race everywhere, to
 using mockery or mirth at anybody or
 thing; and to the easy graduation by
 which negroes fall from a laughing
 habit to a vituperative temper. And,
 in review, passing before me was Ham,
 mocking the patriarch Noah, in his
 state of nudity, and then quickly, that
 jufdlial and undevout, haughty char
 icter, which he exhibited when, as all
 mtiquarians proved, he was angry at
 hat ancestor, and blasphemous against
 he Deity; ana making himself as Ju
 &gt;iter Ammon, their God, he instituted
 jagan worship, and his grandson Nim
 rod, kingcraft—things that yet scourge
 he nations, and which made Noah’s
 curse the more irrevocable on Ham!—
 In keeping with this sacrilegious char
 acter, you, with a few such rabid and
 incoherent traitors to truth and to their
 country as Gcrrit Smith, and open infi
 dels and destructives as W. L. Garri
 son, compare the American character
 to “fiends” and “devils,” because
 they do not join you in hating and
 abusing all that hold slaves in this part
 of the Union, and the only ipse[dixii of
 your fraternity by which a Christian
 must find his standard, is neither in
 piety, nor peace, nor the Bible, but in
 bow ing down and idolizing the Egyp
 tian blackness of your internal com
 plexion, or in detiling God’s sane the
 ory with the abominations of your err
 ing judgments! I knew' how w'hite
 Israelites strove to turn back to Egypt,
 not only on the way, but long alter
 Joshua’s time, and so fascinating was
 the Egyptian face to them, that God,
 by one of the prophets, admonished
 them thus: Now the Egyptians are
 men, and not Gods.” How seducing
 must the negro’s charms be over many
 white persons, to induce from on high
 such an explanation! I see it at the
 North, where not only men fall into the
 irrelevant snare, and think ever after
 like nonsensical people, bufour white
 women in many places look with some
 horror at the idea of not playing the
 Desdemona, and making Othellos of
 your gang, and contemplate the refusal
 to wed with a negro as a sin! And I
 am fully conscious that among your
 reasons for wishing to stay iorever in
 the centre of white communities here,
 is none more extrordinary and all-ab
 sorbing than the secret or open hope
 or wish to get white wives! In fact,
 your own daily habit of talking,w'riting
 and acting, prove your deep disdain for
 yourselves.
 But I warn the insane North that
 this would never do. The truits of in
 discriminate amalgamation have been
 seen in the population of Arabia, ot
 Mauritiauia, of Spain, of Italy, of
 Ireland, and arc now visible in South
 America and Mexico. If it ever im
 proved on the African constitution, it
 does not on the European. \Ye white
 men and women are perfect enough
 without your amalgam. Your mixture
 spoils that original perfectness. The
 Arabs are a people with hand mutually
 against each other. Why? Turn to
 that book you fearfully make light ot
 and see. Ishmael was a half-Egyptian
 —a mulatto. The prophecy fulfilled in
 his family is certain to this hour. But
 why was it given? Why was not Isaac
 also thus historically foretold? The
 Moors that held Spain for six centuries,
 contaminated the Gothic majesty and
 blood into that mongrel race of Span
 iards, that yet not only acts turbulently
 at home, bat still in Brazil and othci
 places keeps up the slavetrade across
 the ocean. The Portuguese are of the
 same family. Look too at Ireland.—
 Her own historians would have it,
 that a colony of trading Phoenician*
 (Cunaanites!) settled in their Island,
 and incorporated with the natives. The
 fact uow is, that in Ireland there arc
MIGHT IS OF NO SEX—TRUTH IS OF NO COLOR-GOD IS THE FATHER OF US ALL, AND ALL WE ARE BRETHREN.
many dark-skinned, black-haired and
 dark-eyed men, who are of Canaanite
 origin; and the further fact is, that the
 Irish here have the habit of falling into
 negro-errors, called balls, and are ol
 i course many of them a quarrelsome,
 i peppery, ferocious and reckless people:
 i and as their ancestor was apparently
 doomed to inferiority or slavery, so
 j they are measurably easily enslaved by
 the race of the Anglo-Saxons. So you
 see the consequence of amalgamation
 is not creditable to us. In Ireland,
 Phoenician men married Gothic wo
 men, and their progeny had a different
 i appearance from the mulattoes of the
 i South, who are the breed of white men
 and black or colored women. This is
 the cause that the Irish do not resemble
 our mulattoes. But the philosophy of
 i the fact is defined.
 If you negroes have any high sense,
 really, of your abilities or qualities,
 why do you shrink so sensitively from
 finding a local habitation of your own
 If my reason be the true one, I must
 repulse the affiliation, for we should
 qualify ourselves to the established laws
 of Jehovah, before whom I bid you to
 fajl down and humble yourselves, and
 to seek the grace of Christ to enable
 you to perceive the true path of duty.
 One observation more. A paper
 from Boston, the Christian Register,
 was, by some unknown hand, sent me,
 pen marked, to indicate the Ethnology
 (It is of the ‘2oth January.) As I can
 not employ my time in writing so many
 letters to the Abolitionists, 1 wish, as
 you may print this epistle, as the third
 and last from me, to call the attention
 of the editor of that press, and of Dr.
 Cox, to certain errors into which I con
 ceive him fallen. I was a little sur
 prised to see the Doctor admitting what
 1 thought no man North of Virginia
 ever admitted. I thought Faber’s ela
 borate attempt to discover the origin of
 pagan idolatry was orthodox at the
 North, and that author stated that the
 Europeans were the progeny of Cush,
 and the Ethiopians of Japhet! l)r,
 Cox, however, reversed the belief, and
 I find at least one man who thinks the
 truth there. The Abolitionists have
 ever acted as if there was no division
 of races by Noah’s three sons. Now!
 one man corroborates not only my sen-!
 timent, but the researches of that
 greatest of Archeologists, Bry’ant.
 Nevertheless, Dr. Cox falls into an 1
 error as to the extent of the ciupe on j
 Ham, i. e. Canaan, and as to the mean-;
 ing of the word Ethiopian.
 Now 1 hold that this curse was not,
 confined to and fulfilled in Canaan only.
 The Canaanites were not enslaved; a!
 very small portion of them were, andj
 that from a strategem they acted.— j
 They were killed or expulsed. The
 idea of servitude attaching not to that
 branch of Ham’s race, I inquire, to
 whom did it attach? I answer, to ai.l.
 Our version of the Bible said Ham
 was himself the mocker; and the curse
 on Canaan was, in Moses’opinion, to,
 have that drift, as they were the tribe
 with whom the Jews dealt most. Still,
 Ham’s name might have been Canaan, j
 for he may have had more than one|
 appendage, as we observe by Jupiter
 Ammon. The old Arabic version of
 Genesis says, “Cursed be Ham, the
 father of Canaan.” And the book of
 lasher (lately found) has the same al
 lusion. Notwithstanding all this mat
 ter of slavery, I think the curse was
 to separation or to inferiority, if united.
 “Aservant of servants,” implied a very
 low degradation a servant to our
 horses and dogs—lower than Southern
 slavery; in fact, it meant nothing but
 separation, or at least inferiority!
 The meaning of Ethiopian, Dr. Cox
 would find by consulting Bryant, is
 “serpent worshipper, from Ethi, to
 worship, and Ope, a serpent.” This;
 is the right Greek definition. It would i
 seem that when Ham made his unfor
 tunate progeny idolators, they wor-i
 shipped the figure and living symbol of
 Satan, as the principle of dread, and
 cried Eva,” Eva,” in reference to
 Eve, a rite in Egypt. This custom
 still continues in some places in Africa,
 adjoining Liberia. Hence, the blacks
 became thus denoted.
 Colored People! I wisß you w r ell!—
 God only can turn your captivity from
 Satan, to that blessed light of true lib
 ertv, not only here, but in Africa!
 J. J. FLOURNOY.
From the (Newbern, N. C.) Republiruu.
 FREE SOIL MAP.
 The most disgraceful and insulting
 allusion yet perpetrated towards the
 South by the Abolitionists of the North
 has inet our eye in a recent number of
 the N. Y. Tribune. This is a notice
 of what is called “Lewis’s Free Soil,
 Slavery, and Territorial Map,”.which
 is thus described: “the Free States are
 yellow, the territories light blue, and
 the slaveholding States are shaded so
 dark with India Ink that it is difficult
 to read the names of some of the
 places.” And this map is recommended
 to notice by the Tribune! It is indeed
 a matter to draw forth our indignation,
 when so base an insult—so gross a
 caricature upon one portion of the
 States is publicly recommended by a
 leading newspaper of another. Be
 ware endurance will soon cease to be
 a virtue, if this foul spirit of abbo
 litionisin is to mix itself up with all our
 associations with that section.
SCpTheae Anti-Slavery fanatics of
 the North who are laboring for the
 dissolution of the Union, anil the Sla
 very tanatiea of toe South who are la
 boring for the same object, deserve the
 punishment of traitor*. We suppose
 they mast be allowed to talk as they
 please, but, if they dare to commit any
 over act oftreason, we hope thjy will
 all be banged in couples, a Northern
 traitor and a Southern traitor upon
 each gallows LouirriUe Journal.
ROCHESTER, N. Y., FRIDAY, MARCH 9, 1849.
Communications.
 PHILADELPHIA WOMAN’S ABSO
 C'LATION.
 The foDowing account of the organ
 ization of this Association has been de
 laved for several weeks, in consequence
 of the indisposition of the Correspond
 ing Secretary, to whose charge its pub
 lication had been committed.
 At a meeting called for the purpose
 of organizing the Woman’s Associatior
 of Philadelphia, held at the residence
 of Mrs. Lloyd, No. 303 Pine street,
 January Bth, 1849, Elizabeth Appo waf
 appointed President, and Lydia A.
 Bustill Secretary. Dr. Delany then
 addressed the meeting id an able man
 ner on the importance of using our
 utmost exertions for the elevation ol
 our people; explained the principles
 upon which an organization of this
 character should be based; and urged
 the immediate organization of such an
 Association. He then presented the
 following Constitution, which was read,
 taken up by sections, and after mature
 deliberation, adopted.
 LYDIA A. BUSTILL, Src’y.
PREAMBLE.
 Whereas, The necessity of an effi
 cient organization for the support of our
 cause has long been apparent and its
 absence deplored; and
 Whereas, Believing Self-Elevation
 to be the only true issue upon which to
 base our efforts as an oppressed portion
 of the American people; and believing
 that the success of our cause depends
 mainly upon Self-Exertion, and that the
 Press and Public Lecturer are the most
 powerful means by which an end so
 desirable can be attained: Therefore,
 we do .agree to form ourselves into an
 Association, to be knov'n as the Wo
 men's Association of Philadelphia, the
 object of which shall be, to hold Fairs
 or Bazaars for the support of the Press
 and Public Lecturers, devoted to the
 Elevation of the Colored People in the
 United States by Self-Exertion, and
 governed by the follow ing
 CONSTITUTION.
 ART. I.—OF OFFICERS.
 Sec. I.—The Officers of the
 ation shall consist of a President, V ice-;
 President, one Recording and one Cor
 responding Secretary, a Treasurer and
 Board of eight Directors, who shall
 manage and direct the affairs of the
 Association, direct and control the
 holding of Fairs or Bazaars and any
 member violating the duty of office,
 may be dealt with at the discretion of
 the Board.''
 Sec. 2.—The President, Vice-Presi
 dent, Secretaries, Treasurer, and the
 Board ot Directors, shall also consti
 tute a Board of Finance, who shall
 control and disburse the funds of the
 Association. I
 i
 ART. II. —DUTV OF OFFICERS.
 Sec. I.—The President shall preside i
 at all meetings of the Association, and
 of the Boards of Directors and Fi
 nance; and at her discretion, or the
 request of five members, may call a'
 special meeting of the Association or
 the Board of Directors. In the ab
 sence of the President, the Vice-Pre
 sident shall perform all the duties of
 her office; and when neither can at
 tend, any member of the Board shall i
 preside pro, tan.
 Sec. 2.—The Recording Secretary
 shall record all the proceedings of the
 Association and Board. The Corre
 sponding Secretary to hold all official
 correspondence, home and foreign, and
 report the same to the Board. The J
 Treasurer to keep the funds and pro
 perty deposited in a Bank, or such
 other convenient place or places of|
 safety as the Board may direct; to re-i
 ceive all moneys from the door-keeper
 and from the sales of articles at the Ba
 zaar, at the close of each day, render-j
 ing a faithful account, when demanded,
 to the Board.
 Sec. 3.—A1l orders on the Treasurer i
 for money or goods must be signed by
 the President and Secretary, and no
 order may be accepted without; and
 whenever so required by the Board, the
 Treasurer shall give sufficient surety
 for the faithful performance of her du
 ties; any wilful violation of the fidelity
 of her office, shall forever disqualify
 her for holding office iathe Association.
 ART. HI. OF THE FUNDS. j
 The funda shall be raised by solicit
 ing donations of mouey.gooda, produce,
 or commodities, selling articles, mer-,
 chandise, holding Fairs or Bazaars,;
 and may not be appropriated to any,
 other use than that set forth in the pre-'
 mises of the ConMitution.
art. iv. ArraoraixTios or Finns.
 The funds shall be appropriated in
 the following manner and order: First,
 to the support of the North Star at j
 Rochester, or such newspaper as shall
 be adopted as our organ. Second,
 Public Lecturers devoted to the cause!
 of the moral elevation of the colored:
 people in the United States, and ap- f
 pointed by us. Third, such contingent
 cies as the Board in their discretion
 may deem legitimate.
 art. r.
 Sec. 1 The Association shall con
 sult of not less than thirteen members;
 any person desirous of joining which,
 shad make application to m memher of
 the Board of Directors, who shall re
 port the same at their next meeting for
 consideration, which may be decided
 oaly at a regular meeting of the Board.
 Sec. 2.—the Board shall meet on the
 third Wednesday afternoon of every
 month, at the hour appointed, for the
 regular transaction of business, and
 shaft Ittfa power to *ir vacancies h»
 their own body; the Board of Finance
as often as duty may require them so to
 do. The Association may meet once
 every week for the purpose of sewing
 and fancy work.
 i
 AIT. VI. ELECTION OP OFFICERS.
 'Hie annual meeting of the Associa
 tion shall be held on the second
 Wednesday of January of each year,
 when the election of officers shall take
 place, until when, the acting officers
 shall continue to officiate.
 The Fairs shall be known by the
 1 name of the Woman’s Association
 Bazaar. Signed by
 Harriet Smith,
 A. Matilda Cassev,
 Hester Burr,
 Helen Johnson,
 j Sarah M. Douglass,
 Eliza Jones,
 Rachel Llotd,
 Charlotte Mills,
 Louisa Bristol,
 Elizabeth Appo,
 Mary Barrott,
 Hester Barrott,
 Hester Bustill,
 Lydia A. Bustill.
 ART. VII. —SUPPLEMENT TO THE CON
 STITUTION.
 The Board of Directors, in Execu
 tive Session, shall have power to act
 as a special committee to assist them at
 the Bazaar, whose duty shall terminate
 when the Fair is ended; but during* its
 session, each table and the door shall
 be superintended by at least one mem
 ber of the Board.
 HARRIET SMITH. Pres’t.
 Lydia A. Bustill, Sec’y.
 M. R. Delany, Attest.
 OFFICERS FOR 1848.
 President—HAßßlET SMITH.
 Vice-President— Hester Burr.
 Rec. Sec.— Lydia A. Bustill.
 Cor. Sec.— Sarah M. Douglass.
 Treasurer— Rachel Lloyd.
 Board of Directors—A. M. Cassey,
 Helen Johnson, Hester Bustill, Char
 lotte Mills, Louisa Bristol, Elizabeth
 Appo, Mary Barrotte, Eliza Jones.
OHIO BLACK LAWS.
 A very large and respectable
 meeting of the colored citizens was
 held on the evening of the I4th ult., in
 the Union Baptist Church, Cincinnati,
 for the purpose of making a demonstra
 tion of feeling in reference to the re
 peal of the Black Laws of the State of
 Ohio.
 On a motion, the Rev. Wallace
 Shelton was called to the Chair, and
 James Johnson, Rev. Wot. P. Newman,
 John Watfield, Wm. Darnes, and
 Prince Austin, were appointed as Vice-
 Presidents; Phillip Folliran, James
 Leach, Secretaries.
 The Throne of Grace was addressed
 by Rev. Wm. P. Newman. After a
 soul-stirring song from the choir, the
 meeting proceeded to business.
 On motion, a committee of five was
 appointed, consisting as follows: John
 J. Gaines, Chas. M. Wilson, Reuben
 R. Fowler, Lloyd L. Lewis, John El
 kins, to draft business for the consider
 ation of the meeting.
 While the committee was absent,
 the Chairman made some happy re
 marks, occupying the time until it had
 arrived. On motion, the committee
 reported the following resolutions,
 which were adopted.
 Wheieas, The Legislature of Ohio
 has, in its wisdom, repealed the Black
 Laws, so injurious to us as a class, dis
 graceful to the State, and repugnant to
 the liberal, progressive spirit of the age;
 and
 Whereas, said repeal will conduce
 greatly to the interest, happiuess and
 prosperity of native-born colored Ame
 ricans, and add to the fair fame of this
 great Commonwealth; therefore,
 Resolved, That we return our sin
 cere thanks to the General Assembly of
 the State of Ohio for the consummation
 of so praiseworthy an act.
 Resolved, That our thanks are espe
 cially and peculiarly due to Messrs.
 Dr. Townsend, Morse and Swift, and
 the handful of Free Soilers, -who are as
 a balance-wheel between the two great
 parties of the State, for the noble stand
 they took in the contest, believing the
 Black would not have been re
 pealed in the present session of the
 Legislature without this co-operation.
 Resolved, That we sincerely regret
 the amendments attached to the bill,
 excluding us from the benefit of the
 poor law—not because we are pau
 pers, or likely to become such, but for
 reason of its unjustness, and its ten
 dency towards that prejudice that has
 been so powerfully against us in this
 the land of our birth.
 Resolved, That we deem it a duty
 which we owe to our God, ourselves,
 and our country, to use all honorable,
 lawful means in our power for the re
 peal of all laws, rules or regulations, j
 that make a distinction on account of
 color.
 Resolved, That we recommend to
 the officiating ministers in the several
 colored churches to set apart Sunday,
 the 25th of this mooth, lor the purpose
 of returning thanks to God for the re
 peal of the laws, and a discourse on.
 the general condition of our people.
 Resolved, That we earnestly and.
 affectionately entreat our brethren here
 and elsewhere throughout the Slate, to'
 be as they ever have been—loyal sub-,
 jects of the law, mod not to abuee, un
 der any circumstances whatever, the!
 inestimable privileges granted.
 Resolved, That the proceedings of,
 this meeting be published in the North!
 Star, Rochester, the Cincinnati Daily
 Globe, the Christian Herald, Pittsburg, i
 and the city papers bn requested to
 copy.
 On motien, a cwnewltse of three,
 otoisNng ef L. P-BurVJ. J. Games,
 shd Philip Folltvar, was appointed to
carry out the spirit and letter of the
 last resolution.
 WALLACE SHELTON, Pres.
 Phillip Follivar. f
 Jai.es Leich, s s
Selections.
LAW OF OHIO.
 -4» act to authorize the establishment of sepa
 rate Schools for the education of colored
 children, ana for other purposes. Passed
 Fth. 6 th, 1849.
 Sec 1. Be it enacted by the General
 Assembly of the State of Ohio, That the
 trustees of each incorporated township
 in this State, and the trustees, visitors,
 and directors of schools, or other offi
 cers having authority in th&amp; premises,
 of each city and incorporated town or
 village, shall be and they are hereby
 authorized and required respectively,
 in case they shall deem it expedient to
 admit the colored children resident in
 any such township, city, town, or vill
 age, into the regular common schools
 threin established, to create one or more
 school district or districts, shall include
 all the territories thereof; and in lay
 ing off said districts, and in altering
 the same, they shall be governed in all
 respects by the provisions of the act
 for the support and better regulation of
 common schools, etc., passed March
 7, 1838.
 Sec. 2. Whenever any district shall
 be established as aforesaid, the trus
 tees or other authorities establishing
 the same, shall give notice, by public
 advertisement, to the adult male col
 ored tax payers residing in such dis
 trict, to meet at a time and place spe
 cified in the notice, and choose their
 school directors, and such meeting; and
 all subsequent meetings, for the elec
 tion of directors, and for other purposes
 shall be held and conducted as is di-i
 rected in respect to meetings for like,
 objects by the said act of March 7,
 1838, and the act amending the same:
 and the powers, rights, and duties of
 the directors so chosen, and of their
 successors, shall be the same in respect
 to the school officers of their several
 districts, as are conferred upon, or re
 quired of school districts by said nets.
 Sec. 3. The trustees or other author
 ities establishing separate districts, as
 afoMaid, shall cause an accurate list;
 to bemade as speedily as possible, of,
 all colored tax payers, and of all col-
 ored youth over four and under twenty-;
 one years of age, resident therein, and
 shall certify it to the county auditor,
 who shall preserve the same in his
 office, and no property of any colored
 tax payer within said districts shall he
 charged with any special tax for dis
 trict purposes, for the benefit of the
 schools in any regular district, com
 posed wholly or in part of the same
 territory; and no property of any white
 person in any regular district, shall be i
 charged with any such tax for the ben
 efit of the schools in any separate dis-.
 trict composed wholly, or in part,of the i
 same territory.
 Sec. 4. Every separate district, es
 tablished as aforesaid, shall be he!d to
 include for school purposes, only the
 colored persons resident within its ter
 ritorial limits, and from and after the
 establishment of the same, the colored
 youth resident therein, shall attend the
 schools organized under the directors
 of such district; and the powers and
 duties of county auditors, county trea
 surers, township clerks, district trea
 surers, and district clerks, and other
 officers in regard to such separate dis
 trict and the schools established therein,
 shall be the same as they now are or
 may be exercised or performed by said
 officers respectively, in relation to the
 regular districts, and the schools es
 tablished therein, and said districts and
 schools shall in all respects except so
 far as this act provides to the contrary,
 be governed by and have the benefit of
 all the provisions of said act of March
 7, and the amendatory acts, and all
 acts relating to schools in cities, towns, i
 or villages, modifying the same.
 Sec. 5. The term colored as used in
 this act, shall be construed as being of
 the same significance as the term
 “black or mulatto,” as used in former
 acts.
 Sec. 6. The act entitled an act to
 provide for the establishment of com
 mon schools for the education of black
 and mulatto persons, etc., passed Feb
 ruary 23d, 1848, and the act to regu
 late black and mulatto persons, passed
 January 3th, 1804 and the several acts
 to amend the same, passed February
 27th, 1834, and all (tarts of other acts
 so far as they enforce any special dis
 abilities, or confer any special privi
 leges on account of color are hereby
 repealed, except the act of the 9th of
 February 1831, relating to juries, and
 the act of the 14th March»lB3l, for the
 relief of the poor; Provided, however,
 that if any person shall bring or cause t
 to be brought, or shall aid in bringing
 or causing to be brought, or shsll per
 suade or induce to come into this State,
 any person or persons who is or are:
 likely to become paupers in auy town
 ship of this Sute, every such person so
 offending, shall forfeit and pay a tine
 not exceeding ftve hundred dollars, to I
 be recovered with costs of suit in any
 court having jurisdiction by action of
 debt, in behalf of the State of Ohio, or
 by indictment, and shall also be im
 prisoned until such fine be paid, unless
 the court shall otherwise direct.
 EMANCIPATION IN KENTUCKY.
 The Louisville papers contain the pro
 ceedings of a large meeting, held io
 that coy, of the friends of gradual
 emancipation. A committee reported
 rcseftetiootik declaring that they diacJaam
 all sympathy With peXtfiesl shehtioowm,
 i* p r M a miei! *0(1
 n*giriing flinincipw*— mw m
 of purely local character
-mm**
JOHN JHCK._P* stun***
That they were in favor of inserting
 a clause in the new Constitution, filing
 period at which slavery shall cease—
 to take effect at a period and m a man
 ner that shall best subserve the inter
 ests of both master and slave. That a
 postponement of the question will occa-
 I sion increased difficulties.
 Mr. Breckeubridge offered a substi
 tute, in which are the following declar
 ations upon this subject.
 That it is our deliberate and solemn
 conviction that the lasting prosperity
 and true glory of this Commonwealth
 will be promoted by such changes in
 the Constitution as will gradually abol
 ish slavery, and tend to remove the
 colored population.
 That primary meetings, and free,
 open and manly discussion be held and
 had in every part of the Common
 wealth. That a Delegate Convention
 be held at a future day, to consider the
 best means of concentrating public
 opinion on the subject of Emancipation.
 That the subject belongs exclusively
 to the citizens of their own State, and
 they deprecate the interference of all
 other persons whatsoever.
 The substitute and resolutions of the
 Committee were referred back to a
 Committee, who were to report at an
 adjourned meeting on the l*2th ult.
 The Louisville Examiner proposes
 that the Legislature shall direct the
 Sheriffs |to open a poll at each precinct
 next August, and let the people vote
 directly on the question, “Shall slaved
 he perpetuated in Kentucky, or not?”
 And let this vote be the instructions of
 the people to the Convention.
 In remarking on this proposition, the
 Louisville Courier says:
 If the advocates of slavery are as
 itrong in Kentucky as they say they
 ire, they can make no objection to the
 iroposition, and their refusal to support
 nicii a proposition would be conclusive
 svidence that they have less confidence
 n the popularity of their cause than
 heir words would indicate. Now,
 ;entlemen, toe the mark, and face tho
 nusic—are you willing to let tiie people
 &gt;f Kentucky express themselves at the
 •oils on the question of slavery? If
 he people say it shall be perpetuated,
 here is an end to the controversy.—
 low let those who pretend they have
 le vox populi’ with them, show their® 4
 ands.”
Washington ('orrespontit'tM'e of the Republican.
 Washington, Feb. fj.
 Abominable Slave Laws—Relics
 of the Dark Ages.— Among the cu
 riosities in the Library of Congress,may
 be found the old Statutes of Maryland
 and Virgmia/ih Which are several acts,
 iu regard to slaves and negroes,that may
 be interesting to the public, and may
 serve as a specimen of the wisdom and
 humanity of our Representatives in
 Congress, who, w hen the District was
 ceded to the U S., saw fit to sanction
 these abominable laws, which would
 have disgraced the dark ages. When
 some siv years since, Mr. Giddings de
 clared in his place on the floor of Con
 gress, that the following laws, which
 relate to slaves and colored persons,
 were enforced here, created a great
 commotion among Southern members,
 who furiously denied their existence,
 and they were not disposed to be qui
 eted, when the Clerk of the House
 openly and peremptorily declined, that
 he had practised law 40 years in the
 District, and could fully confirm the
 statements of Mr. Giddings.
 “Persons harboring runaway slaves
 are subject to a fine of a hundred
 pounds of tobacco per hour, for the
 time that they harbor them, and incase
 of their inability to pay such a fine,
 then the offender is to receive stripes
 upon the back not exceeding the scrip
 ture number.
 Slaves guilty of rambling in ths
 night, or running away without leave,
 are subject to whipping, cropping an
 ear, or branding in the cheek the
 letter R, or otherwise, not extending
 to life.
 “The issue of a white man and black
 woman, or while woman and black
 man, is a slave for thirty years; and
 the progenitor, if free, is compelled to
 endure servitude for seven years.—
 [Rather a severe law, if applied to
 certain honorables’J Duties on the
 importation of negroes ranged from 10
 shillings to £5. Any negro striking a
 white man is subject to the loss of one
 of his ears. Owners suffering their
 slaves to raise any kind of cattle, as
 their exclusive right, are compelled to
 pay a penalty of five hundred pounds
 of tobacco for all and every offence.—
 Runaway and outlying slaves refusing
 to surrender themselves upon the in
 stant, are allowed to be “shot, killed, or
 destroyed, as any other species of ani
 mal property.” Chapter IV., section
 I, of the act of 1729, declares, That
 any negroes, or other slave, convicted
 of petit treason, murder, or wilfully
 burning of dwellings, shall have judg
 ment to have the right hand cut off, to
 be banged, quartered, and the head
 and quarters to be set up iu the most
 public places of the county wherein
 conviction is had.” The theft of a
 slave is death; the rape of a black
 man upon a white woman, death;
 slave accessory to the burning of sny
 building containing grain, is liable to
 death; and the same penalty for euudry
 minor offences. One slave giving Un
 testimony *g«in«t ,,ow
 j«l to the lo« Of .n *.r .nd th.rty
 nine
 (il, eluding Ik*
 b» iafeeted Iho doy following.”
Ths Urru Tu.—Ai Fanny Ken*
 hie last reading, in the Masonic Tem
 ple, the daughter of a wealthy man,
 asked her husband who Shakspeare
 was. He replied without hesitation,
 that he was the maft that wqpfe the
 New Testament.
WHOLE NO. 63.
