GEN. TAYLOffSJNAIWRAL. j
 March 5, IMS. 1
 At 12 o’clock thm dijr Geo. Taylor deliver'd
 hi* inaugural to the Senate and mrmbvr* of th&gt;
 House of Representative* and thous»nds of a«eem-
 Wed citizens in front of the capitol.
 Eiected by the American people to the highest
 office known to our taws. 1 appear here to take the
 oath prescribed by the Constitution. and in com
 phauce with a time honored custom, to witaeat
 those who are now assembled. The confide*** l
 and respect shown by my countrymen in calling
 me to be the chief magiatrate of a Republic hold
 ing a high rank among the nation-* of the earth,
 ha* injured nv* with feeitngaof the most profound
 gratitude. But when 1 reflect, that the acceptance
 oi ttte office which their partiality haa bestowed.
 inio the d acharge of the most arduoua du'ie*
 lnao.vea the weightiest obugatiou, i am coociou
 that !he station wtuch 1 hare been called to fib
 though euflicteaf to satisfy the loftiest ambition, t
 aurroitnded by fearful respomubilitie?.
 Happily, however, in the performance of my new
 duties, shall not he wuhout able co-operation. Th*
 ;egi*iauve and judicial branches of the govern in«*tn,
 pr&lt;-«ent« prominent examples of distinguished
 civil attainments and manned experience; and it
 “hall be my endeavor to call to my assistance m
 the executive departments individuals whose integ
 rity and purity of character will furnish ample guar
 auno!- for the lailhfut and honorable performance
 of th'* trusts to fie committed to thetr charge
 With «och aidr, and an honest purpose to do what
 is right, I hope to execute diligently, impart a. 1%
 ao 1 tor the best interests of the country tir mani
 fold duties devolved upon me.
 In the discharge of these duties, my guide wii,
 be the Constitution l this day swear to preserve,
 protect and defend.
 For the interpretation of that instrument, I shal
 look to me decisions of judicial tribunal* ‘-«tab
 luhcd by ns authority and to the practice of gov
 ernment under the earliest Presidents; who had
 large a shsre m its formation. To the example o
 those illustrious patriots, I Khali always refer wiif
 reverence and especially to hi* example, who by m&gt;
 many was entitled the title of the Father of hu
 country.
 To command the army and navy of the I uited
 States; with the advice and consent of the Senate,
 to make treaties and to appoint ambassadors and
 other officers; to give to Congress information ol
 the State &lt;&gt;f tbc Union and reccommend such
 means as he shall ju 'ge to be necessary, and to
 tine care that the laws shall be faithfully executed;
 these arc the most important functions entrusted
 by the Constitution and it may be expected that I
 shaii briefly indicate the principles which will con
 trol me in their execution.
 Chosen by the body of the people, under the as-
 surance that my administration should be devoted
 to the welfare of the whole country, and not to
 the support of any particular section or merely local
 interest, I this day renew the declarations I have
 heretofore made, ami proclaim my fixed determi
 nation to maintain, to the extent of my ability,
 government in its original purity, and to adopt
 as the ba*is of my public policy, those rat re
 publican doctrines which consti'ute th- strength ol
 our national existence.
 In reference to the army and navy, lately em
 ployed with ao much distinction in active service,
 care should be lakeu to insure the highest condi
 tion of efficiency, and in furtherance of that object,
 the military and naval schools sustained by the
 liberality of Congress, shall receive the most spe
 cial attention of the Executive.
 As American freemen, we cannot but sympa
 thise with all efforts to extend the blessings of civil
 and poluica! iiberty, but at the same time, we are
 warned by the admonition of history and the voice
 of our own beloved Washington, to abstain from
 entangling alliances with foreign nations, on ai
 disputes between conflicting governments. It i*
 our int-rest, no less than our duty, to remain strict
 ly neutral—while our geographical portion, th
 genius of our institutions and our people, the ad
 vancing spirit ol civil zatmn, and above aii, the die
 tatesot religion direct us to the cultivation of peace
 ftilund friendly relations with a!iother powers.
 It is to be hoped that no international question
 can now arise which a government confident in it
 own strength and resolved to protect ,ts own ju
 rights may not settle by wise negoci turn, and i
 eminently becomes a government Lae our own
 founded on the morality and intelligence of itsciu
 xens,and upheld by their affections to exhaust ever}
 resort of honorable dipiotn icy before apjwalmg U
 arms. In the conduct of our fureign relations, i
 shall conform to these views, as 1 believe them es
 eentiaito the best interests and honor of our coun
 try.
 The appointing pow'er vested in the President
 imposes delicate and and onerous dutie-. So fa
 as it is possible to be informed, 1 shall make h&lt;-n
 -esiy, capacity and fidelity indispensable pre-requ
 Litas, to the bestowal of offices, and theab-enceo.
 enter of these qualities shall be deemed sufficient
 for removal.
 It Blind be my study to recommend such eon-ti
 tutionai mea-urcs to Congress, a.- may be neee.s u
 ry and proper to secure encouragement and p o
 teettou to the great interests of agriculture, com
 merce and manufactures, to improve our rivers and
 harbors,to provide for the speedy extinguishment o
 the public debt, to enforce a strict accountability o*
 the part of all officers of the government and ih&lt;
 utmost economy in all public expenditures; bu
 it is for the wisdom of Congress itself, in whirl
 all legislative powers are vested by the Constitu
 tion, to regulate these and other matters of do
 mestic policy.
 i snail look with confidence to the enlightener
 patriotism of that body to adept such measures
 conciliation as may harmonize conflicting inter
 ests,and tend to perpetuate that union which should
 he the paramount object of our hopes and a flec
 tions.
 In any action calculated to promote an object so
 near the heart of every one who truly loves Id
 country, I wiil zealously unite with the co-orui
 n&amp;te branches of government.
 In conclusion, f congratulate you much, fellow
 citizens, upon the high state of prosperity to which
 the goodness of Divine Providence lias conducted
 our common country. Let us invoke a continu
 ance of the same protecting care, which has led
 from small beginnings to the eminence to which
 we have this day arrived, and let us seek to de
 serve it by prudence and moderation in our coun
 sels, by well directed attempts to assuage the bit
 terness which too often marks differences of op n
 iou, by the promulgation and practice of just and
 liberal principles and enlarged by aneniarg«d pat
 riotism, which shall acknowledge no lint its jait
 those of our own wide Republic.
MkKTI.NO IN WoODFOKl), Ky. l ilt' pr&gt;
 Slavery men of Woodford County Jield a
 meeting at the Court House, in ersallies,
 on the ath inst. at which a preamble and res
 olutions were adopted, protesting strong])'
 against any interference with the question of
 Slavery- After the adoption of the resolu
 tions, another resolution was olfcrcd hv J).
 Humphreys, esq. “depreciating any move
 ment designed to increase negro Slavery, or
 to make Slavery j»erpetual in Kentucky.’’
 hw resolution was earnestly advocated by
 Hon. I nomas h M irshall, and was opposed
 by other speakers. Before any vote was ta
 ken on it, the meeting adjourned. The pro-
 Slaverv men were to shrewd too lie caught by
 -lr. Humphreys resolution, and therefore
 adjourned without voting on it. They are
 alraid to avow themselves in favor of making
 slavery perpetual in Kentucky. If they were
 to take that ground, they would speedily
 b overwhelmed. It is unlv by asserting that
 they are in favor »t postponing the quotum of
 Emancipation lor the present merely,that thev
 hope to succeed. We tuist ou riem
 thiougiiuut the State will press the pro-SL
 very men to make a show of their hands in
 relation to the perpeluation of Slaverv. There
 are but few men in Kentucky that hwe the
 hardihood to assert that Slavery is s Messing,
 and to assume that it ought to be perpetual!
 The issue at present i» really between gra
 dual emancipation and the perpetuation
 Slavery, however pro-slavery men may talk to
 the contrary.
Abolition ok War. —lu t rance, M, Bou
 vet presented the following proposition f&lt;*r the
 acceptance of the National Assembly on
 suieiing tliat war is contrary to religion,
 humanity and public prosperity, the Assembly
 deereec—l. The French Republic proposes
 to thi Governments of Europe, America, and
 other civilized countries, to concur in a Con
 gress for a proportional dm ornament, the ab
 olition of war and the formation of a court of
 arbitration. 2. The Congress shall open on
 thu Ist of -May, at Constantinople.”
No franking privilege exist* in England
 Keen the Queen ta obliged to pay her penny
 ooetage
Tram ffii Tribune.
 t-'oogt®**4o®Bl Pracee4iifii
 W uittmoH, Hands j night, ffeb. 96.
 Pursuant la adjournment this afternomr,
 the Senate .met at 9 o'clock this evening,
 when Mr. IXidge presented the Resolutions
 *f ike Legislature of Wisconsin oo the sub
 eel of Slavery:
 1 Against the admission of Slavery into
 (California or any other existing Territory ot
 he United States that may he hereafter ac
 |tiircd, and urgtng the prohibition of Slavery
 ixeept in the punishment of crime*.
 2. Against the admumea of another Slave
 State into the Union.
 3. In favor of the repeal of-all lawa re
 cognizing Slavery in the District ofColumbia.
 »nd in lavor of the Abolition of Slavery in
 di places under the exclusive legislation of
 &gt;ngiess.
 The Resolutions were read, laid mi the
 a*'le. and ordered to be printed.
 The Senate then continued the discussion
 »f the diy on Mr. Walker’s amendment to
 he Civil and Diplomatic Appropriation, bill,
 S vtnch took a wide range.
 The hall was opened by Mr. Dayton who
 i imposed substituting the words existing
 jlawK*' for Spanish lawa.”
 Mr. Hunter.— l wish to know the object
 if the other side of the Chamber. I am
 wi: ing for any compromise that will noteom
 ntt me to my constituents, but it would he
 tin-e direct to introduce the Wtlinot Proviso
 a once than to make this alteration. I wish
 j vhe matter of Slavery in the Territories left
 n abeyance. If the stand taken by the
 South can be met in a spirit of compromise 1
 ltii willing to meet it. 1 only wish to pre
 rent anarchy among the people of the
 IVritorv.
 Mr. Dayton. —When I introduced this
 prijmsition it was not intended as a com
 promise at all. The amendment wan s
 precise copy of the Spanish (Florida) law,
 and xvas made st the instance of Southern
 gentlemen exclusively.
 Mr. Hunter.—Not by ine.
 Mr. Dayton.—Pul the words back again
 I have no objection.
 Mr. Hunter.-—I repeat my willingness to
 compromise.
 Mr. Bertien.—The alteration was made by
 my own Rand.
 Mr. Niles.—l am opposed to all com
 promise. lam willing to trust the President
 cl&gt; ,?t as far as 1 would any other President,
 bi t I can never consent to trust such power
 in die hands of any man. It would be placing
 the whole Government in his hads, au&lt;d give
 him despotic sway. Are his friends over the
 w av, particularly those hf the North, ready
 for tins I wish a temporary measure. J
 thought the senator from Virginia meant the
 great quest on.
 $Mr, Hunter.—What is the great question?
 Mr Niles, (emphatically) The subjuga
 tion of Slavery now and forever. Gen. Tay
 lor’s sympathy must of course fie on the
 Slavery side, and who are the men he will
 appoint to this military government I dis
 avow all intention of finding fault with the
 in-coming President. I do not believe lie
 wishes such power. We arc going too far
 in thus attempting to clothe him w ith Legis
 lative power. It is much better to do nothing
 ihan this. The people in the Territory are
 mostly from the old States; they are an in
 telligent people and capable of making their
 own laws. They understand the organization
 .if Government as well as we do; they arc
 now probably doing so, and not engaged a*
 Mime gentlemCT here think, in cutting one
 mother's throats. I can perceive sinister
 iesigns to get around that (to some persons)
 ■(lions law to abo ish Slavery. A paper n
 his city (the Union) is making daily effortt
 o this object. 1 wish time to examine.
 Mr. Hunter.—The Senator from Connep|fc
 •it need not rise to sneer at me. He doe
 great wrong to the State I represent. I was
 follower rather than a leader ui the matter.
 I blush to see an American Senator sneer a
 a compromise. lam willing to go as far a.-
 1 mv Southern man can go, and I would rathei
 it the victim of such a sneer than to fiut
 mysf.il' capable of promoting it.
 Westcott (excitedly.)—l will put this:
 Would the Senator from Conneciicui, if if
 California, be raiher governed by Spams!
 aws that lie knows nothing aUiut, than b«
 American laws? I would prefer any despo
 t sin a President of the United States conic
 •nffiet than the despotism of the officers acting
 aider Spanish laws. I would advise neiihev
 o accept or adopt the Wilmot Proviso. Lo
 a be decided by the Judiciary of the country
 action on the part of Congress would in
 illegal. It is best for both North and South
 tii tthequestion he pottponed.
 Mr. Webster.—liow can Congress get
 jov- r the obligation to appoint Judges for lilt
 jby appointing Judges temporarily in any
 oi the States;
 Mr. Westcott.—No, sir. Can any man’s
 i c tie be searched in California?
 lr. Webster.—That depends upon the
 laws of the place.
 Air. Houston and Mr. Rusk then follower;
 in short sj&gt;eeches, to prove that Texas had a
 i right to the jurisdiction in the mattei, ano
 i \as only, proceeding to argue the bound*
 i ;irieg, &amp;c.
 Mr. Webster,— What have the boundaries
 of Texas to do with the Civil and Diplomat.c
 A ppropriation bill.
 Hie question being called for on Mr. AValk
 cr's amendment, the Yeas and Nays were
 demanded, and resulted in its passage by a
 vote of 29 to 27.
HOUSE OK REPRESENTATIVES.
 Mr. Cobb of Ga. moved that the House
 resolve itself into Committee of the Whole,
 as a period had been fixed to end debate on
 &gt;he Territorial bill.
 Mr. Atkinson again attempted, amid calls
 io order, to address the House, but
 The Speaker put the question on the
 motion of Mr. Cobb, which was earned, and
 j li House resolved itself into Commitiee.
 Mr. Vinton of Ohio in the Chair.
 Mr. Stuart of Mich, was entitled to the
 tli or, and he proceeded to make an hour s
 soe-sch on the jKivvor of Congress to prohibit
 ii.j exension ot Slavery to California and in
 tivor of it.
 Mi. Gale of Ala. (one of the three South
 ern) Whigs who signed Mr. Calhoun's address,)
 loilowed iu opposition to the Proviso.
 Mr. Root of Ohio next spoke in support ot
 the Proviso, condemning the course of North
 ern men who spoke for the South, and
 replying to Mr. McDowell of Va. He spoke
 strongly against allowing Slavery a border
 running all along the Mexican boundary, as
 that would load to war again in a very short
 bine, for ihe purpose of acquiriug more terri
 tory while, if it was at once understood that
 all territory which should be acquired should
 be free territory, we should find the South ihe
 nost strenuous conservators of peace.
 Mr. Evans of Md. spoke in opposition to
 :lie proviso, and in support of Mr. Preston’*
 nil to admit the Territory as a State, though
 he thought the size of the proposed Stan
 was monstrously t-large. He also spoke
 :n opposition to the proposition to abolish tin
 ■&gt;iavo trade in the District as calculated to
 uake (hi* a hot-bed of abolitionism.
 Mr. Lynde of Ww. followed, contending
 tut ihe Constitution of the United States dm
 •»t extend over the Territories until they
 ere admitted as States, and opposing tbr
 vtension of the revenue laws to tne Territo
 ry- H argued also that Congress was bound
 Ui prohibit slavery in the Territories, as inimi-
 CJ I to the be*t interests of the Territories.
 Mr. Bocot-k of Va. next spoke, discussing
 ihe bill olTered bv Mr. Preston to admit
 lihlomia as a State, to which be ww op
 .NJsed.
 1 be House is still iu session. Mr. B. speak
 ing as the mad closes.
Washington, Tuesday, Feb. 27.
 In Senate tbu morning, during the morn
 ng hours, devoted to miscei lane jus matters, a
 ?rcat number of petitions and memorial, were
 r.sented, among uhicb we»e twf bf Mr.
 Male in relalk* to abol eb.ng S awy ii the
 ;ji strict of Columbia aaillu. Ttrn ion**, a so,
by the same gentle***, from certain aliscoa
 Ilhonfa, praying far the peaceful re-aaaesa-
 Uoo of Canada to Ufa United States, which
 waa pCMßptly laid on the ttMe, and another
 far the tanned tale peaceful dnuolutioo of tko
 Union. A petitiie by Mr. Cameron for the
 Abolition uf Capital Punishment, aod another
 to set aattfa a certain pruiioo of the Public
 Domain for the exduafo use of the Indutua.
 A debate upon the Patent Laws aod the
 privilege* of the Cuntmiamnoera of an unim
 portant character, brought up by Mr. M’.*t
 ontt, wa» ended by a successful move of Mr.
 Calhoun to lay upon the tabic. A ducufatmo
 trwe upon the Peoetoo Lavra, iovolving liule
 of interest, which fallowed the fate of the
 preceding.
HOUSE or ktPUloTstive*.
 Mr. Ashmun of Maw. moved that the
 H«*um resolve itself into Committee of the
 Whole, as debates oo the Territorial hills "ete
 to cease at 13 o'clock, which motion wu*
 agreed to.
 Mr. Vinton in the Chair. The Terri’o ul
 bill was resumed.
 Mr. Roman of Md. had the floor and pro
 ceeded to make a speech in support of a
 Protective Tariff, txnng a continuation ol hi»
 speech commenced last night. At 13 o'clock
 the debate ceased.
 The-bill was read by sections—the propo
 sition to strike out the first lection, on which
 the speeches hal been hinged, w.ts withdrawn.
 —and no amendment was offered until the
 I2tb section was reached, w bich extends the
 provisions of the Oidtnance ol 1787 to the
 Territory.
 Mr. Sawyer of Ohio moved to strike it oat
 on the ground that he did not recognize the
 right of Congress to prescribe what laws
 should exist or be in force there.
 Tellers were demanded on the motion ol
 Mr. Sawyer to strike out the 12th section.
 Mr. Murphy of N. Y. moved to amend the
 section by appending thereto a declaration
 that nothing therein contained should be con
 strued to impair the rights of the inhabitants
 to legislate for themselves as declared by the
 Congress of 1774. He proceeded to make a
 five minute speech, declaring that he was
 prepared to vote for the Proviso, but if neces
 sary to secure a Government for California
 he would vote against it.
 Mr. Ashmun of Maw. moved to stukc out
 three last words of Mr. M's amendment, for
 the purpose of contrasting the course of Mr.
 Sawyer and others in voting for similar pro
 visions as applied to Wisconsin and other
 territories, but opposing it in this bill. He
 then withdrew the amendment.
 Mr. Murphy's amendment was defeated.
 Mr. Meade of Va. offered an amendment
 for the purpose of making a 5 minute speech
 in favor of the proposition that Slavery could
 go wherever it wa9 not specially prohibited,
 and that the laws of Mexico heretofore ex
 isting in the Territories could not be in force
 so far as they conflicted with the rights of
 American citizens to take their property
 wherever they liked.—He said the Northern
 men were at this time sending to San Francis
 co cargoes of articles which were prohibited
 by Mexican law, thus setting those laws at
 nought. He then withdrew the amendment.
 Mr. Biidsall of N. Y. renewed the amend
 ment of Mr. Meade. He made a five minutt
 speech in favor of not prohibiting Slavery
 and allowing the Californians to legislate
 Slavery into existence if they choose.
 The amendment was lost.
 Mr. Mead offered another amendment, ant
 made another five minute speech in lavor o
 the compromise of 36 deg. 30 min.
 The amendment was rejected.
 Mr. Greene of Mo. offered an amendmen
 to strike out shall be,” and insert 44 are,’
 and proceeded to make a five minute speed
 in support of the right of self-government—
 ihat is, to make laws in favor of Slavery.
 The amendment was rejected.
 Mr. Wentworth ol 111. and Mr Fulton o
 Va. were appointed tellers on the motion o
 Vlr. Sawyer to sitike out the Proviso. Thi
 vole was announced—6B Ayes, 105 Noes.
 The remainder of the bill was then rcai
 through wnh but a verbal amendment.
 Mr. Preston of Va. then, offered bis sub
 stitute for the bill to admit the whole Terriiu
 ry as a Stale. It was read.
 Mr. Collins of New York, offered in am
 endment, being a provision that slbverj o
 Involuntary Servitude should not exist, ex
 cept in punishment lor crime.
 Tellers were called tor and ordered, am
 tiie vote was announced 91 Ayes, 67 Not
 &gt;u I lie Proviso w as adopted.
 Mr. Greeley offered an amendment p tovul
 ing that the bou daries of the Stale propus i
 to be created by the act, should include tin
 whole of New-Mexico east of the Rio
 the boundaries being the same as those do
 scribed in the bill reported to erect a Termor 1
 of New-Mexico. He made some remarks n
 support of his proposition, and adverse to tin
 yielding to the jurisdiction ot Texas a peopl
 who had ever been opposed and hostile r
 ihat State, and had never belonged to it.
 Tellers were called lbr and ordered, am
 the vote announced 59 Ayes, 63 Noes. S&lt;
 ihe amendment was lost.
 Mr. Hilliard of Ala. propsed as an amend
 inent that the State should not include an;
 portion of the Territory East of the Ru
 Grande. He spoke a few words and with
 drew the amendment.
 The question then recurred on the adoptioi
 of the substitute as amended for the origins
 bill, on which telieis were demanded am
 ordered. Mr. Preston refused to act as telle
 upou his ow n proposition. Mr. Collins of N
 and Mr. Toombs of Ga. were appointei
 tellers. One Member, Mr. Gayle of Ala
 passed through the tellers in the affirmative
 but, being informed that he had voted for thi
 Wiimot Piovieo, he took the back track, «n
 voting amid peals of laughter from all paru
 ot the House. There being no votes in the
 affirmative, the substitute was defeated.
 Mr. Evans of Md. offered as a substitute
 the amendment of Senator Walker to th«
 Civil and Diplomatic Bill extending the Con
 stitution and Laws of the United States ovei
 the Terniories.
 Mr. Ashmun of Mass, moved to amend by
 adding the 12th section of the original bilj
 (the ordinance of 1767) to it.
 Mr. Evans withdrew the substittue.
 Mr. Richardson of 111. then offered th«
 amendment of Mr. Walker as a substitute.
 Mr. McClelland was about to offer the
 Proviso as amendment to the substitute, when
 Mr. Richardson withdrew it.
 Mr. Toombs of Ga. renewed it for the
 turpose of saying that after attaching the
 toviso to Mr Preston's bill all chance ol
 organizing a Government for these Territories
 had failed and ought to fail. He then with
 drew the amendment.
 On motion, the Committee rose and report
 ed the bill.
 Mr. Wentworth of 111. moved the Previous
 Question, which was seconded, the Main
 Question ordered, the amendment agreed to.
 and the bill ordered to be engrossed »«l or
 dered to be read a third time. It was read a
 third tune and a motion to reconsider laid oo
 the table.
 Mr. Wentworth called for tbo Previous
 Question on the passage.
 Mr. Meade of I a. moved that the bill be
 ‘aid oo tlie table and called for tbs Ayes and
 Noes, which were ordered and reauhed.
 Veas Bfl, Nays 137.
 The previous question was eseooded. and
 naiu quest s*ti ordered and the A vet and Non
 called on the passage, resulting Yeas 18t
 Nays 87.
 Mr. Caleb B Smith of Ind. moved to gt
 into Committee of tbe whole oo the bill to
 usgaome the Territory of New-Mexico, what
 was earned, and
 Mr. Cransum of R. 1. called to the Cbair.
 Mr. Smith moved to dispense wuh the first
 reading, which was agreed to.
 The first section being reed.
 Mr. Vinton of Ohio offered as tmniV-nr
 providing that nothing io the set eomauH
 should be remstreed to tmpeir the claim ol
 Texas m tbe tsrmore East of Urn Rio Granfe,
 hut that a suit thoeld ba .sat toted to wan
 ihe Umted fttauo had Texas io the Sngsemt
Court of the United State*, *o deckle Um
 &lt;|*—in* whether it befogs Texas oc mm.
 Mr. V. advrcuted the ameufow* a mj
 br Mf b ow
 surprised a hi* life than tf the amend men
 plowed by llr. V. He asked if it were in
 deed «oly a question of law. He thought r
 we* a question of liberty and natural right
 Here wm a people result ng and dernandmj!
 to be protected •againet the china of i e*a»
 to rule them. It was a prop** U Hl r er *J
 a Caen, composed of a majority of sUvehold
 ers, aquestion whether SUverv should l*
 extended over New-lfeaico or not —n»« i
 Territory larger thau New-EnglaiH—hrgei
 thae New-England and New-Yurk together
 Me could m*t see that this was right or J«*t
 or that the people uf JJeW*MrX*u should b.
 entirely overlooked. If they would prwposi
 to submit it to the people of New-Mexicu hi
 wo.-Id be in fever ui it.
 Ml. Bay ley of Va. followed in ennderana
 lion of the proposition as u *ooatituti»*nal.
 Mr. Tm«ii« *4 G*. i» the same mrato eat
 in denunciation of Mr. tireeler'a prop»*iiio
 to prevent the extension of Slavery 10 ihi
 territory. He contended that, although In
 had, in 1846, repudiated the title of T« xas
 j this Territory, yei the acts of the Goveromcn
 lof ibe United Slates had subottoUaied tha
 title.
 Mr. Srhenck of Ohio, in opposition to tin
 right of Texas tothtsTerptory, in a foretbh
 speech, showing that the whole course oi th»
 Piesident and of Congress had bf n, in ref r
 ence to New-Mex.cn, ih»t it whs a seimrai.
 and distinct Territory from Texas. Whet
 he concluded.
 The Committee rose and reported.
 Mr. Hudson w ished to make a report fron
 j the Commiuee of Waysai.d Means, and i«
 move that it and a minority r.-porl be laid oi
 the table and printed. Objection was made
 and it was nm received.
 Mr. Tooiuba tried to make his report, bui
 Mr. Hudson objected, as his had been object
 ed to; and on motion of Mi. Bayley, the
 House adjourned.
THE NORTH STAR.
ROCHESTER, MARCH 9, 1849.
Editorial Correspondence.
 A brief account of the events, labors am
 impressions connected with the lecturing toui
 of the last two weeks, may not be uninterest
 j ing to the readers of the North Star. It is ii
 j the lecturing fiel d that the Anti-slavery opet
 ator comes in contact with the patient, and has
 the most abundant opportunities for measuring
 the pulse, and fully acquainting himself with
 the nature and extent of the disease which he
 seeks to remove. Here the malignant spirii
 of slavery is constantly developing itself tc
 public view, so that he must be a dull am
 slothful observer who fails to read new lesson
 of Anti-Slavery wisdom from such an expe
 rience. Shut up in the narrow limits of th&lt;
 editorial sanctum, poring over books an&lt;
 newspapers, may be a good place to learn thi
 more subtle forms w hich the pro-slavery demoi
 assumes, but the lecturing held is the stag&lt;
 upon which to get a more vigorous idea o
 the monster. Throwing aside the mantle o
 learning and lefinefoent, disdaining all iogi&lt;
 and philosophy, he shows himself in ail hi:
 huge ugliness. Here you luav find the raw
 material of pro-slavety, unadorned by th«
 uilded accompaniments which the dark spiri
 assumes in the press and the pulpit. Yo*
 get here the teal bar-ioom bluster—“ ta
 and leathers ride him out on a rail
 ought to be hung’*—the ruggers ough
 to be sent out of the country —they are onli
 i fit fur slavery, &amp;c. The utterance of theM
 and kindred expressions indicates the deptl
 and meannessof the prejudice with which tin
 colored Anti-Slaveiy lecturer has to mce
 when he goes iorth to plead the slave's cause
 But this is not ihe only view to he taken o
 the lecturing field. We meet r.ot only tin
 j roughest lot ms of pro-slavery in the country
 j but the must thorough and vvhole-souhd Aim
 Ittionists, to commune with whom, iswortl
 all the labors, and even the instills to vv hid
 ;he Anti-Slavery advocate is subjected.
 But to the journal. Monday, Feb. 12th.—
 A chilly day, much snow on the ground, am
 more falling. Left Rochester for Henrietta
 j the place of our first appointment, in company
 i with John S. Jacobs. We were kindly re
 reived and entertan ed at the bouse of Jame.-
 Sperry, who, though syn pathizing with tin
 Liberty League, (or party,) has no scruple*
 against doing what he can to promote tin
 Anti-Slavery cause, by giving aid and com
 fort to a disunionist and an oldoiganizationist.
 Our meeting was held in the Congregational
 Church, the doois of which, 1 believe, ar*
 always open to the cause of freedom and
 humanity. Cnnsiderr g the piercing coldness
 of the night, and the sparseness cf the popu
 lation, the audience was large, numbering
 from a hundred and fifty to a hundred and
 seventy-five. Friend Jacobs rpoke first, in
 his usual calm but feeling manner, with re
 spect to the foul treachery and ruinous
 i wrongs” connected with the whole system of
 slavery. His remarks were listened to with
 attention and interest throughout, and we
 hope they will prove to be good seed sown in
 good ground. When he had concluded, 1
 followed, and made use of my hour and a hall
 to the best of my ability. At the close of the
 meeting, several subscribers to the North Star
 were received, and friend Jacobs succeeded
 in selling a few Anti-Slavery publications.
 Tuesday, Feb. 13th—Mendon.—Travelled
 ten miles to this place. Stopped oo our way
 at the house of our Anti-Slavery friend .Camp
 bell, and after being warmed and fed*” had
 a refreshing conversation on the hopeful
 aspects of the cause. We proceeded to our
 appointment. On arriving at the place where
 we supposed the meeting would be held, we
 found that no meeting had been appointed.—
 Tbe friend upon whom we had mostly de
 pended to give notice and make arrang eioents
 for the meeting, having been dangerously ill
 for a long time, and was now only convales
 cent. could not attend to it. Bao’ked here, w»
 proceeded to East Mendon, sod after mod
 running to aod fro, finally succeeded in getting
 the consent of tbe trustees to use tbe Aea
 lemy, hi which to hold a meeting that eve
 ning. Tbe notice was limited, sod the meet
 tng small, but good was evidently done.—
 Friend Jacobs and myself were hospitahh
 entertained (strange to say) by a pernio win
 voted for General Taylor; and though web*
 taetee spared the old bloodhound,” r* r
 the toesesieteney end wafalness of voting for
 »ueh a man, there was wo abridgement of ho*,
 pitality on that account. It is very strarge
 that pmfsseed Christian mew. of so much
 moral feeling and apparent discernment, ea&lt;
 he fooled into an error so palpable and grow
 ho that of supporting a msnsteaU r and hkody
 wittier for the Preoidenry of tbe U&lt; itrd
 State*. Yet a* it la; and his a jntat-&amp;
Cm*, revealing dophwahle P***
 wtiim of moral sentiment jm m be ie-
 Wednesday, Fab. u»b—*•*•— w
 ban tbia morning. Tba weather bitto*
 «dd, nor hair below oar beta cowed aritb
 fiwtt, and o«r old wanned by
 rapid travelling, was yet partly cowed erttb
 frost. Wiib can,- aoae and ten nearly fro
 wn, we gladly accepted tbe kind b&lt;ept«al'«v
 of our ft tends, the Halk-ck family, about a
 mile from Rush: and when thawed, did not
 regret our journey, for we found here choice
 persona, who know how to appreciate the
 hardships, n hulls, insults, and indifference
 wiib which tbe hunible advocates of the Ant
 Slavery cause hate to contend. Our meet
 ing in Rush was held in ibe Baptist Church,
 *nd was well attended, in spite of s protracted
 meeting which the Methodists were bolding
 n the tillage. He*e too we got several sub
 scribers to tbe North Star. We were earnest
 ly invited 10 visit Rush again.
 Thursday, Feb. sth— Avon —Tbe westher
 was colder this day than yesterday, and tb«
 lofty s:iow-han'-s on the windward of the
 road, poured upon our devoted heads a
 constant storm of stinging snow, most of the
 way from Rt.sh to Avon. Two meeting*-
 were appointed here—afternoon and evening.
 About a baker's dosen assembled in the Bap
 tist vestry in «he afternoon, and were address
 ed by friend Jacohs and mys If. The audt
 ence was very respectable in the evening, bui
 very little impression was made upon them.—
 There was.not Anti-Slavery ennngh in town
 j to give a lecturer on slavery a night’s lodging.
 There is a plenty of piety and Whiggery
 here, but no hospitality or Anti-Slavery. We
 went to the tavern, and after being told by the
 keeper that niggers” were better off in
 slavery, and that we were only making theit
 condition worse by lecturing against slave
 holidng, and that we ought to mind our owi
 business, &amp;c., &amp;c., we went to bed. “U|
 and dressed” in the morning, we were callec
 to the table to breakfast, and to our surprise
 our landlord seated us at the table with hii
 i white family and boarders, making no di»
 tinction. We found his practice better that
 his theory.
 Friday, Feb. 16th—Lima.—There was n«
 meeting appointed in this place. We callei
 u{lon several abolitionists, all of whom seem
 ed glad to see us, and expressed a wish tha
 we should visit Lima again, as well as
 willingness to get us up a meeting, but noth
 ing could be done at this time. There wer
 religious meetings in progress, an interestinj
 time just now and so the claims of humanit;
 1 were postponed. Here I parted with ftiem
 1 Jacobs, and went to Rochester, for the pur
 i pose of getting some hand-bills printed, s
 that we might not be wholly dependant upoi
 1 luke-warm” friends to get up meeting
 for us.
 I Saturday, Feb. 17th—West Bloomfield.-
 j The weather was cold—very cold, but friend
 were warm and intelligent. Our meetinj
 was held in the Christian Church. The at
 te dance was small, perhaps not more thai
 seventy persons present, yet the meeting wa
 a most effective one, and a deep interest wa
 dxcited. A revival was in prepress here, am
 siime efforts had been made to keep persom
 fmm attending the abolition meeting, on tl.t
 s ound that sueh meetings are injurious t&lt;
 the cause of religion. When will men lean
 that religion without righteousness is worth
 less
 Sunday, Feb. 13th—Canandaigua.—Herj
 meetings had been appointed for us—fo-e
 noon, afternoon and evening. We were una
 Me to reach there in time for the forenooi
 meeting, and the time was occupied, we wer&lt;
 told, in listening to a sermon from Rev. Mr
 Whitney, the ministei of the church in whicl
 we were expected to speak. On reaching th&lt;
 meeting-house, we found it densely provided
 and many were standing on the outside, una
 hie to gain admission. The sight was heart
 cheering. We were there in time to see th&lt;
 congregation leaving, and ihus to assure then
 of our presence in the afternoon. At twi
 o’clock the house was densely crowded, will
 a most respectable and intelligent audience.—
 1 It was a pleasure to speak to such persons
 The meet ng in the evening was even mor&lt;
 j lensely packed than that in the afternoon.—
 Both were highly satisfactory to the hearts o
 humble laborers in the cause of human free
 dom. Our readers will be disposed tr marve
 at the fact, that a Christian church could bt
 thrown open on the Sabbath day, with the
 sanction and encouragement of a Christian
 minister, for the purpose of hearing the cam*
 of the slave pleaded by two unlearned and
 despised fugitive slaves, for it is a marvellous
 fact, demanding explanation. The Rev. Mr.
 Whitney, the gentleman wbote pulpit we
 occupied, was not long since the favored pas
 tor of the large Baptist church in Canan
 daigua, and probably would have remained
 such until now but for his devotion to God
 and humanity. He saw tbe sufferings of tbe
 Amenean bondman, the deep responsibility ol
 the church and tbe ministry for slavery, their
 cold and heartless indifferer.ee toward the
 Anti-Slavery cause, and unable to keep si
 lence, or to preach abstract righteousness
 longer, he opened bis mouth fur tbe dumb,
 and poured upon the unwilling ears of bu
 pious congregation a fiery stream of Anu-
 Slavery truth. His church could not stand
 it. His reasoning of righteousness and of
 judgment to come,” was painful to them, sod
 they would not bear it. They counselled
 among themselves how to destroy him, and
 finally succeeded in getting a majority against
 him, and ejecting him from the pulpit. Bo 1
 in doing this, they drove off with him some of
 tbe purest and best of tbe flock, and they'
 •itand by-him until now, receiving the pure,
 word I rum his li| a, in all the plainness and
 h rectneas of apoatolic preaching. Tbcue
 friends of human freedom aod Christian po-,
 nty, though worshiping in a comparative!)!
 -mall roues, ant nevertheless a broad hght to
 he whole town, aid form a meet striking
 -ontrast with the grim old orthodox churches
 limit ndir g them, that in all tbe essentials of
 lie Christ ian religion are as hollow and hypo
 nttcal as were tbe Scribes aod the Pharisees
 Like them, they tube of mint anise and
 -umatn, sad omit the weightier matters of tbe
 **—judgment mod mercy.”
 Qa Monday, the 19th, are went to Rash
 v lie. Here we held tore meetings in the
 f **P*itf Church, afternoon aod evening.—
 )w r f to tha extreme ealdnem of the
 eesther, aod the impnosihititj of warming the
 nose, wo fbaod it oeeeaoaiy to ekwe our
 nesting at t mack ernttm how than woahoold
have tloM ia non favorable eif«n»UDc««.
 Tbs rreawg Meeting was largely attended—
 Htcnl eubaeribnt to th* North Star «ere
 neatrd, and w* felt cnogeiwatarf for oar la
 bors.
 Fmm Roshvillc we procrodad to Penn
 Yan, on theiOtb February. Hare bigotry.
 aposwy, hypocrisy and slander dM their ut
 most to present our baring a fair bearing be
 fore the poo. fe. In addition to the oily
 tongued Hawley, once an abolitionist of the
 i r« al Garrison stamp—then a “Union” preach
 er at Groton, Massachusetts—an Anti-Slavery
 lecturing agent—then a Christian Baptist tn
 i New Bcdfi td—next a Mllerite —»o* an or
 f thodox Congregational preacher in Penn Yaa,
 seeki gto nnitethf professedly Anti- Slavery
 church (into above pulpit be ttisinuafed him
 self on the strength of hm Anii-S!a»cnr pr«-
 feasiota) with the old pro-slarny Prcsbyienan
 Cbu «h torn «!i h.t s «ed. d yttr* ago, 01.
 the gijjmod of its pro-slater.— ibere had be* n
 one M-rson in Penn Yan, if |XosibJe, mote
 j treacljCmus and detesiahb*—a recreant blark
 men, fey the name of Drjfin, a ho, we sup
 pose,* gain the latoruf a few canting hypo
 cmitffilent his thick tongue to retiling and
 s'andXng us. Tins same creature has been
 as Xio our face as a summer’s morn, and
 ha* rgftatedly offered his services to get sub
 •cribffifcfor the North Siar. Oh, the pink of
 had a good meeting in Penn
 spacious court-hou.*e w as crow dec
 o capacity, with a most atteniiv*
 John S. Jacobs was unusual!)
 this occasion, and evidently made a
 deeu &gt;csau»n upon tlie lisle..ing hundreds
 pres«mg We enjoyed the privilege flee
 ing mind, and after cs, our friend Mr.
 the Liberty pa ly, addressed the
 Thus all the efforts made to crush
 and X(*event us from having the ear of the
 peoflKailed. The wisdom of the crafty was
 co.if Jed, and the counsels of the ungodly
 I broil &lt;to nought. During our stay in Penn
 Yan, we enjoyed the hospitality of our friend,
 J. F. Piatt and family, a dear circle, whose
 kindness and devotion to ihe Anti-Slavery
 cause and the elevation of the oppressed will
 whom they are classed, gives them a higl
 t j place in our esteem and affection.
 Prattshurgh, Feb. 21st.—The moral am
 .j religious epidemic which had made such hava
 i among the old fr ends of the Anti-Slaver
 i cause in Penn Yan, had come here also.—
 “Old Zachtsm and revivalism had trans
 formed some of our old friends into enemies
 r and they were widely defaming us as an inf
 del and a wicked man, that neither feare
 II God nor regarded man—a heretic of the wort
 -I stamp. The Rev. Mr. Smith, who even cor
 sented to pray at a meeting where I epok
 1 1 less than a year ago, had now, from his pu
 pit, solemnly warned his timid flock again!
 attending our meeting, lest they should imbit
 J the dangerous and damning heresies wit
 s which I stood accused. But all this did n(
 r pievent a large attendance. Indeed, it ma
 have led many to come who in oilier circun
 stances would have staid away. Rev. Mi
 i Smith took a singular line of logic topr ov
 i me an infidel. He read in his pulpit an art
 I cle from the Oberlin Evangelist, which gav
 disjointed extract from an article written b
 ij William Lloyd Garrison, on the Bible, am
 i pronounced him an iufilel. The premises bein
 assumed, he slated that Mr. Garrison is th
 President of the American Anti-Slavery S»,
 ci“ly, and Frederick Douglass is an agent fu
 j that Society therefore, Frederick Douglas
 is an infidel. This sophistry and malignil
 .j needs only io be stated, to have the one an.
 ij the other fully appreciated. The meeting w-i
 held in the vestry of the Baptist Church
 where, but for a few rowdies, we should hav
 i had a good meeting. A poor, ignorant an
 drunken young colored man, of the name
 Williams, and a young man known by lb
 mime of Sam Hot(hhins, d d what they conk
 to make a disturbance in the meeting. Tin
 former being drunk, and not seeming to know
 ,i what he was about, I led him out of the meet
 i ing, to which,unlike young “Sam,” he did no
 return. A short history of this poppinjat
 defender of slavery. may throw some ligh
 upon his conduct in this instance. First, then
 he is a son of the somewhat noted Dr. Hutch
 f kins, author of the “History of Western New
 ¥orls,” by whom he was educated after th*
 most rigid form of the orthodox faith, and n
 now a member, in “good and regular stand
 ing,” in the orthodox church in Pranaburgh
 Having a wandering turn ot mind, be sough
 to improve his fortunes by going into busmen
 in that Sodom of America, the city of New
 York. Here Sam failed.” But not dis
 i posed to give it up so,” he went to New
 Orleans, ai d has evidently made himself full\
 acquainted with the manners and morals u
 that sink of iniquity. In hi&gt;
 reply to us, he boasted himself acquaint
 with General Taylor—knew him to be a km*
 master —had been upon General Taylor**
 plantation—knew that the marriage relatmi
 was respected—(howcould Sam know this?)
 —said that General Taylor was
 careful of the religious rights of his slaves, s*
 much so, that he paid a large sum annually t«
 support a minister of the gospel on hia planta
 tion to preach to bis niggers. He ex
 pressed the wish that General Taylor had a
 larger number of slave* than he already pos
 sessed, for be believed they would be bettei
 off as the servants of Gen. Tsyloi than with
 many other mast*rs. While “Sam” wi*
 cruising about in the neighborhood of New
 Orleans, he so far ingratiated himself into the
 good will (taking Sam's story to be true) o«
 “old Zaek,” that the old maa-stealer made
 him a present of a highly-finished dagger
 which Sam now shows his simple brother*
 and sisters of the church with a sort of piou»
 d 1 ght, accompanying it with astonishing
 tales of his wonderful exploit* i that down
 Sou/A, so that Sam ia really looked up to by
 noma good people ia Praiiabuigb as a aw
 extraordinary “yuwA.” Since the electi. n.
 Sam any* hut little about politics, and is turn
 ing hia attention to religion. As an evident
 «f this, he declared that I ought to be
 tarred end f at kind” for con ing there during
 a revival of religion. This son of the church
 fair specimen and repieaentatjve of hn
 pro-slavery mother. Moulded by our slave
 holding religion, receiving it fresh from th*
 bps of hia Reverend father, it ie not strange
 that wo find him playing the ruffian towards
 eolecod persons, and defending slavery to th*
 name of the church. Such examples of ess
 leapt for the children of a common Father,
 brother* of a common feauly, as ha displayed
 oo ths occasion of oar moating ia Pmubtugb,
Canandaigua Anti-Slavery Fair,
 j Tim was the tourtli ol a series of efforts
 made by the ladies of the Western New York
 Anti-Slavery Society, to raise the needfi 1
 fun Is with w hich to enligl t *n and purify the
 noral sentiment of Western New Y. rk on
 t.e Subject of American S.avery. The Fait
 *a« held only one afternoon and evening, a. d
 the sum of one hundred and fifteen dollars
 was realised. There was a large attendance
 of visitors, among whom were tome of ihe
 wealthiest persons in Canandaigua— few of
 whom would have been seen in an ordinary
 anti-slavery assemblage. In bringing toge
 ther persons who hi d aloof from anti-sla
 se,y meetings, attracting attention to the
 &gt;ubject of slavery, acquainting the commu
 nity with our mode of operating upon public
 opinion, removing the green-eyed rnonsier—
 prejudice against color, and demonstrating
 the industry, taste, skill and disinterestedness
 of those engaged in the anti-slavery move
 ment, the Anti-slavery Fairs thus held are
 pre-eminently successful—and none more so
 than the present one. The ladies of the
 Western New York Anti-Sla.ery Society
 were largely aided by those of Canandaigua,
 of whose generous contributions and active
 co-operation more will be said by those hav
 ing the management of the Fair. The re
 freshment table, always the most profitable
 one. was furnished, we believe, almost en
 tirely, by the ladies of Canandaigua, ,nd a
 most tempting table it warn We believe the
 fair passed off pleasantly to the crowd of
 visitors, sad quite satisfactorily to the Aoti
 *l a very women through whose industry sod
 devotion it was he Ml— r D
l&gt;len||ointment.
 to aerioua Uineae in our family, we
 wore reluctantly compelled to diaappoint the
 oneetiou *drertiaed for ua, to be held in Ea»t
 Meodon bat Tbutaday. We nature cur
 friend* in that region that nothing lea* than
 •uHI ta uxeooe would hare prevented oar
 pnavae* them at the time appointed. We
 hdpe that another apportion? of vieitieg that
 town will he afforded u* mon. When it
 arrives, we will give ©nr ftiend* that* doe
 notion.—r. o.
arc abundant in the efenreb of this country,
 *N f wc ,hM to be the bulwark of
 American slavery.
 F* b. 29d Bath, Steuben County—Thiaia
 dark comer of the State of New York.with
 •►pect to the subject of American slavery.—
 It is an old sJavebolding town, and the effects
 of the system may be easily aced on |h&lt;f
 habitants, both while and colored The
 chnnhes here are all closed .gams, a consid
 eration of the subject, and ihc minister* of re
 ligion are dumb. A distinguished men.her of
 the Methodist Chorrh was asked if he d d not
 intend to hear ns lecture on slavery. 4 Y*r j
 Son t Ultrrr God Almighty ertr made n,gg, r x
 to teach tefute person*,” was his pt« us and
 gentlemanly reply. An Insh store-keeper
 of some note, although he had yet ih e lush
 brogue ot his native country on his tongue,
 assured us that this was rot our native lard,
 *o*d that we ought to go to Africa. Ihe
 impudence of this proposition is the more con
 spicuous •snaidering the source from w hich it
 emanates, arid shows how easily ibe oppressed
 may be transformed into the oppressor, lush
 men in England are t sually spoken of wnh
 contempt, as the most deuradt d and shilih $s
 l»eople of all her Majesty's subjects h,.i
 plaut them in America, and they at once as
 sume all the airs of aristocratic superiority.
 W hatever native Americans may take uj on
 themselves to propose with respect to our re
 moval from this, the land of ourbiith and our
 lathers, to a stiange land, it docs seem that a
 &gt;ense of common modesty »ught io forbid
 men newly impored into ibis country from
 taking any pait in our expatriation. We are
 in no wise tinctured with prejudice against
 the Irish people, and welcome them to our
 shores with all the coidial good will wi h
 which we wonld welcome any strangers; and
 further hold their right to come here aid
 reside to be as good as that of the first colo
 nists who came to this country yet we pro
 test against the insolence of those who have
 n»t even “got quit of the pin-feathers o
 Ireland, when they coolly join with our «»p/
 pressors and urge us to leave this country, for
 what they are pleased to call the land which
 the Almighty has set apart for us. But to the
 meetings. We held three. Two were well
 attended, and we hope did something towards
 dispelling the pro-slavery gloom which over
 shadows the place. While in Bath, we
 shared the hospitality of our esteemed friend,
 E. L. Platt. The aid rendered us by friend
 Platt and his kind family, shall not soon be
 forgotten.
 Saturday, Feb. 24th, we held a meeting in
 Branchport, twenty-six miles from Bath and
 the snow having melted, we bad hard walking
 to get to our appointment. The meeting
 here was highly satisfactory. There were
 but few in attendance, but such as were,
 seemed to be of an honest and genteel stamp',
 free from the coarse temper of persons w tth
 whom we too often meet in country villages.
 We were kindly welcomed at tire home ot
 Col. Henry, one of the few who combines
 with an orthodox faith a Christian life.
 Sunday, Feb. 25th, in Rushville. Our
 meeting this evening was held in the Meth
 odist Church. Considering the state of the
 roads, and tire inclemency of the weather, the
 a:tendance was large. The meeting was not
 .mid in vain. Some were well pleased
 others were greatly displeased. One sister
 hought it very improper for us to talk about
 ihe sms of Methodists while in a Methodist
 Church; but we presume she was not in a
 state of mind to hear w ith complacency anyt
 hing with respect to the sins of Methodist
 I churches anywhere; so that did not d.a
 •nrb us.
 Monday, Feb. 86. h.-We held a meeting
 at Hopewell, in the Wesleyan meeting-house.
 I lie attendance was large, and the people
 seemed quite interested. The Wesleyan
 Methodist meeting-houses are generally open
 lor Anti-Slavery meetings, and in ibiareapect
 they lorm an exception to other churches.
 Tuesday, Feb. 27th.-We attended and
 spoke at the Anti-Slavery Fair in Canan
 daigua, remarks with respect to which will
 be found in another column of this number of
 'he North Star. In sixteen days, we l,*v e
 travelled at an average of twelve miles a day,
 made some twenty speeches, got twenty sub
 ■scnbere to the North Star, ai d we hope have
 removed much prejudice agamat the Anti-
 Slavery cause.— r. d.
