Tfce Third Baptist Charrk.
 We, the Truster* of the Third Baptist
 Church of the city of Rochester, hereby cer
 tify that we hare purchased s suitable boot*
 and lot for religious worship, situate on Fon
 sire t, in the city of Rochester, and hare
 xgiced to pay for the same the euro of eigh
 hundred and fifty dollars, of which 700.01
 have already been paid, leaving a balance t«
 he provided fi*T of 150.00.
 Geaxoison Boyd,
 Harsh*)* Powell,
 Beniamin Foster.
 William Moore,
 George Frances.
 Rochester, March 1, 1840.
lO* We are glad to be assure*! thus o'
 the success of our friends connected with tin
 Third Baptist Church, in paying for then
 neat little meeting-house on Ford .Street. I*
 is one of the few colored churches who*
 doors are always opened with alacrity to ih
 cause of the slave. We believe tins is not a
 colored church in an exclusive sense, althougl
 most of the person* who attend there an
 colored and we have therefore no hesitation
 in giving the trustees and member* our heart
 good wishes.— r. D.
The Ram's Horn stales that we have
 taken the lecturing field for six months. This
 is a mistake, but one in keeping with tho»
 w hich that print usually makes when speak
 ing of ourselves.—F. r&gt;.
The Anti-Slavery Bugle calls upon us
 to show that the American Constitution is noi
 a covenant with death.” Why it should
 call upon us for such an explanation we are
 at a loss to know, especially as the editor
 knows that we hold to that construction of the
 instrument which makes it a pro-slavery
 compact. —F. D.
To Correspondents.—We have many
 letters on file for publication, which shall ap
 pear just so soon as we can find room for
 them. We advi?e those who write for this
 paper to condense their lucubrations as much
 as possible. Where there are many to speak,
 and all wish to be heard,and space is narrow,
 it is needful that all should lie brief, and to
 the point. Read over your composition
 many times, not for the purpose of ascertain
 ing where you may put in a void, hut to sec
 where one may Le left out. Many of us
 have something to say, and would say it, but
 that we are prone to block up the gangway
 with whole barricades of words. You have
 a high example of brevity in the inaugural
 address of General Taylor, which we pub
 lish in another column. Though not a tenth
 as lengthy as those of his modem prede
 cessors, it is as much an inaugural address a*
 theirs.
 A letter from our friend Robert Fortes
 will appear next week. The difference be
 tween us is more seeming than real.
 A letter from Gerrit Smith will appear
 next week. —f. d.
Pi ttsburg, Feb. 21, 1849.
 Frederick Douglass :—I arrived in Pitts
 burg on Wednesday, the 14th inst., having
 crossed the mountains in perhaps as cold I
 weather as was experienced on the
 tops. These mountains, though common
 every traveller from eastern to western Penn-;
 sylvania, and familiar to all who have siudiedj
 geography yet they are so novel and io-j
 mantic in their appearance and arrangement,
 and withal so tedid.s to travel, that a cursory
 description of them here may not he amiss,
 though I have crossed them frequently in the
 course of seventeen years, and the fourth and
 last time in the last five months.
 The Alleghany Mountains, on this portion
 of the Pennsylvania improvements, the Penn
 aylvania Turnpike, consist of a continuous
 and contiguous range of seven mountains and
 thirteen summits in a distance of eighty-six
 miles, commencing at London, fourteen miles
 vest of Chimbeisburg, the terminus of the
 Philadelphia railroad, and half way between
 Philadelphia and Pittsburgh.
 First and second in rank of elevation, is the
 Cove mountain, seven miles from foot to fool:
 *pcond, the Scrub Ridge, composed of six
 summits, or elevated points, and ten miles
 across; third, Sidling Hill, three and a half
 miles from foot to foot fourth, llav’s Hill,
 two and a half miles; fifth, the Alleghany
 Mountain, fouiteen mill 8 across, the greatest
 and first in rank of elevation and vastness:
 sixth, Laurel Hill, the third in Tank, six miles
 across; and seventh and last, Chesnut
 Rtdge, the most westerly, fivo miles from
 foot to foot, and forty-five miles east of
 Pittsburgh.
 In some cases the fool of one mountair
 commences immediately at the foot of th«
 other, as is the case with the Cove Mountain
 and Scrub Ridge: Scrub Ridge and Sidling j
 Hill; Sidling and Ray's Hill but a verv j
 narrow vallew between them, and where this i
 is not the ease, iheie are many little promi j
 nences and rugged hills coursing along be
 tween the mountains, in the valleys, so that
 the plains are broken and undulated, making
 the travel one continuous ascension and d»-
 scension from the time you strike the foot o
 the first mountain untii you leave the base o
 the last. Many are the scenes throughout th&lt;
 whole course of these vast mountains am.
 valleys—beautiful, picturesque, grand and
 sublime, well worthy the pencil of the mo?
 accomplished artist. In summer, when clothe*
 with foliage and verdure, the scenery is be
 yond the most graphic description. It m
 worth the trip to tho?e who have the means
 to travel, as the tediousness is lost in contem
 plation of the scenery around. The *oul may
 here expand in the magnitude of its nature,
 and soar to the extent of human susceptibility,
 lodged, it is only in the mountains that I ca'
 fully appreciate my existence as a man u
 America, my oWn native land. R is thei
 and there my soul )s l f u ,J upt my
 caused to swell with emotion, and I am lor
 in wonder at the dignity of my own natur.
 I dec in the works of nature around me, th
 wisdom and goodness of God. I eoniem
 plate them, and conscious that he hat endow*
 me with faculties to comprehend them. I the
 perceive the likeness 1 bear to him. What i
 being is man !—of bow much importance
 created in the impress image of his Maker
 and how debased is God, and outraged h;
 divinity m the person of the oppressed colon*,
 people of America! The thunder* of hi
 rogluy wrath must sooner or later breal
 fw.i», wub all of it* terrible consequence*
•nd scourge this goilty nation, for the endless
 outride* and cruelly committed upon an inno
 cent and unoffending people. I invoke the
 aid of Jehovah, in this mighty work of chas
 tisement. If two she beers were scot forth
 fiom the mountain lo slay forty or more
 children. who in all probability were taught
 no belter, for Shocking Jehovah, in the person
 of the good old bald-heeded” pmphet Eli
 »ah, then should there, for mocking Him ir&gt;
 ihe person of three millions of his black
 children, be let loose the fiery dragons ot
 heaven, beating with tbeir approach the ven
 geance of an angry God
 1 left in Philadelphia on the sth inet., our
 admirable, sterling and noble co laborer in
 reform and the cause of his oppressed fellow
 coontrymon, Charles Lenox Remond,Esq., in
 whom I am much indebted for the continued
 and untiring assistance rendered me, and the
 enterprise in which I was engaged during mi
 stay in Ph ladelphia. Mr. Remond baa few
 equals among our people in this country or
 elsewhere—indeed, as an orator, a gentleman
 and true man, I think his superior is not to
 be found in the councils of this nation.
 This I assert without the fear of successful
 comradiciion. He possesses a soul of the
 largest magnitude,and that alone which make*
 ihe true man, fidelity to principle. Mr. Re
 mond it doing a good work in Philadelphia,
 and to him are our people and the cause much
 indebted for the progress made during the
 j current winter. It is expected be will spen«
 ihe remainder of the winter season in thai
 city.
 Philadelphia is a very important point and
 field of labor, there being an interesting popu
 lation of some twenty-five thousand of our
 I people in that city and its environs, whose
 i character as a whole has a very important
 bearing upon the character arid deeiiny of the
 whole colored people of the country. There
 is mucli work to be done among the people ol
 this great city. There are never-ending
 fields, the harvests of which are lipe, but
 the laborers are few.” Here is an arena for
 the young people, women and men, the moral
 and intelligent of whom could not better do
 the will of God, and subserve the cause of,
 suffering humanity, than give a portion of!
 their spare time, and there are those who
 have much time to dispose of in visiting, ad
 vising, distributing tracts, and otherwise ad
 ministering to the necessities of the numerous j
 needy of that extensive city.
 The subject of tracts 1 introduced three i
 yeais ago in Philadelphia, and again recently,
 w hich I am in hopes may arrest the attention j
 of our people. A tract association, as soon j
 as possible, should be formed, and subjects!
 adapted to our condition and wants treated j
 upon. The self elevation of bur people;
 should be made the leading topic of their con-'
 tents. Of this, however, 1 shall have much
 to say hereafter in another position.
 There are several good select schools in this j
 city for colored youth, among which that ot,
 Sarah M daughter of the late Robert Doug- j
 lass, Sen., stands foremost; also several pub- i
 lie schools, exclusively for colored children,
 the best and largest of which stand at the I
 angle of South-sixth and Little Pittle streets j
 The teachers of all the public schools, though
 exclusively tor colored children, I am inform- 1
 ed, are white, no colored person, however 1
 competent, being employed by the white di-!
 rectors, placing none but whites over the
 children, if not the better to laise them sub
 servient to pro-slavery will, at least to enable
 the salary to go into the pockets of pro-sla
 very men and women. Nearly all of the
 churches have a Sabbath-school, several ot
 which I visited, and found them quite inter
 esting.
 Of Benevolent Institutions, there is the
 Shelter, established by ihe Friends, the Moral
 Reform Retreat, in Lombard street, estab
 lished by the colored people for the purpose ot
 reforming illicit females, in w hich there is an
 excellent school, taught by Mrs. West, the
 Matron and Superintendent of which is Mrs.
 Hetty Reckless, an untiring, amiable and
 most excellent colored lady, to whom the
 philanthropists, both white and colored, are
 much indebted for services and untiring assi
 duity to business. Lastly, is the Moya
 meneing Alms-House, for colored and white,
 superintended by Mr. Mullen, to whom the
 inmates and philanthropist shuuld be indebted
 tor ns existence, as it met with much oppose 1
 lion during the piogress of its erection. Th«
 contempiible Commissioners, as in the case ot
 Smith s Hall, ordered the work of the buihiiii&lt;
 to be stopped, alter having presented it as a
 nuisance, but Mr. M., being au old resident
 and man of means, despised their authoiity.
 and defied their power. He succeeded, fully
 opening tins winter, lo the gratification of a
 large number of indigent people of bothsexe?
 .&gt;nd colors. I have much to say about Pliila
 delphia, her people and resources, but shall
 forbear at this time, and conclude this notic&lt;
 of that city by simply saying, that the work
 m Philadelphia, among our people, as well s&gt;
 everywhere else where there is any consider
 able number of them, in ordei to lie success
 ful, must be done by themselves. This is
 migrative—our friends may and should help,
 hut we must do the work. First set oui
 •wn shoulders to the wheel, then call upon
 Hercules.”
 To Mr. George W. and Mr*. Eiizabetl
 ilolivar (as well a* many other kind familie:
 of Philadelphia) am I especially indebted fo
 kind favors during a residence of two months
 hi their family. The pilgrim and travel!*-
 should never forget the h .nd that succor
 him. The eminent Apostle was wont to r&lt;
 member the kindness of those among uhon
 lie sojourned, especially Aquila and Priscilla,
 a id sun-ly one so humble as myself should
 not forget the disinterested kindness ot Georgt
 ind Elizabeth.
 I held a meeting on the evening of Monday
 the fourth, previous to hiving—a ineeim
 replete with inter, st and foil gratitude. O.
 Tuesday and Wednesday evenings, the fifti
 md sixth, I again held meetings in Columbia
 ssisted by our able aud noble-hearted friend
 •V. Whipper, Esq., and Rev. Mr. Williams,
 •otb of that place.
 Thursday and Friday evenings, theserent!
 md eighth, I held meetings in York, endemt
 •ting to awaken an interest among the quit
 ■iteresting people of that place. I am sum
 'o see that a party spirit has crept even in.
 bat Imle place among our brethren, an«
 vould advise them aa toon as possible to do i,
 way. as it has, as heretofore, been the very
 urse of all our moral effort*. It is of infer-'
 •al origin—its father w Beehtebub, the princt
 of devils. 1 foft York on Monday, the 18 ti
fMßinf oo to Pittsburgh, without (Baking ant
 other any on the tray.
 On Thursday, the ISthmst., it traaxamotvd
 l hat Gen. Taylor, of Florid*-war, lodutt
 aurder, biooahound, and Mexicatndaug hlet
 notoriety, Ptesidcnt of the United States, was
 io he in the city, whose approach was to be
 Announced by the thm»de« of a great eon non,
 placed upon Coal liitl, overlooking the whole
 neighborhood, aa a signal-gun. The firing
 commenced about 8 o’clock at night, con
 mu ing at intervals for several ln the
 oorning, however, it was ascertained that his
 doody excellency had not arrived, bat had
 ;e!rgraphed that he could not make it con
 venient to come by this way, then being at
 Wheeling, Va. This appeared to be glory
 enough for the people of the Smoky City—
 even that he had condescended to notice them;
 hence, the filing of cannon in honor of his
 refusal! The force of his non-compliance
 may be the better realized, when it is known
 ihat on his way up the river he was particular
 to stop at all slaveholding intermediate ports,
 going out of his way several hundred miles,
 •ip the Cumberland River to Nashville, and
 down again. Cincinnati, I believe, was the
 -•nly “free town he honored with a visit on
 his way up!
 Such was the infatuation and emhosiasm
 said to have been manifested on the occasion
 of his approach, that at Memphis, Tenn.,one
 man had his arm shot off; at Louisville, Ky.,
 •ne man lust his life; at Cincinnati, there
 was one wounded; at Covington, Ky., one
 had an arm shot off; at Nashville, Ky., an
 other l»«t an arm. On arriving at Captina,
 \'a., the ice not permitting the steamet to as
 cend further up, a sleigh was apptopriated for
 nis special use. When passing along, al
 though four men held, two on each side, to
 prevent accident, such was the wish to see
 him that the sleigh was upset, and the Gen
 eral tumbled beels-over-head down a preci
 cipice of a few feet, not sufficient,to do seri
 ous injury, but enough to frighten the brave
 old hero of three hundred slaves and a Miss
 issippi cotton*plantation, and make the whole
 thing ridiculous, and slightly injure him.—
 Hence, his letter to Hon. Walter Forward,
 that night sent to Wheeling, that in conse
 quence of an “accident and injury received, 1
 he was unable to visit Pittsburgh at pres
 ent.” I suppose at the moment when the old
 non-surrender was tumbling over the declivity,
 he felt more like going to than “giving
 the Mexicans hell!” It is also said that such
 was the crowd upon the boat in which he
 came passenger to Captina, that the provisions
 were all consumed, actually depriving the
 President of three meals. Thus did they not
 only show their high regard and love for the
 general, by killing several persons, but were
 well nigh killing him by starvation and dash
 ing him to pieces.
 The extent to which the American people
 carry this glorification of military crusaders,
 is beyond a parallel, except in the days of
 Roman extravaganza, w hich was but a fore
 boding of the end of her glory and speedy
 downfall of that haughty, insolent empire
 and commonwealth. The extent to which
 this homage is carried, ceases to be respeciful,
 since it is neither kind nor complimentary,
 but like the homage of the serf to the noble,
 or the vassal to his lord, it is ludicrous. It is
 unfit for fteemen, and only worthy of slaves
 —it is a flagrant outrage upon common sense
 and propriety.
 I intend to hold a series of meetings among
 the colored citizens here, and shall write once
 more previous to my setting out for Roches
 ter when I shall give you an account of the
 state and condition of people and things about
 Pittsburgh.
 Yours, for God and Humanity,^
 M. R. D.
The Southern Black Laws.—The late
 decision by the Supreme Court of ihe United
 States, in the cases of Norris vs. the City of
 Boston, and of Smith tj. Turner, is said by
 the Charleston Mercury to have the effect to
 ‘sweep away’ the Inspection Laws of South
 Carolina, enacted to prevent the abduction of
 slaves in Northern vessels; and also to ‘sweep
 away, all laws [of the same State] made to
 prevent free colored persons—‘citizens ol
 Massachusetts’—from entering the ports and
 cities’of South Carolina.
 Agriculture and War. —ij.thu Burrit,
 in a late communication from England, says
 there are 700,000 laborers who do all the ag
 ricultuial work, and their average wages arc
 ten shillings per head. Then all the agricul
 tural labor bestowed upon Eugland to mane
 it what it was at the last harvest, cost JCI6.
 200.000. Now then, let all who look with
 telight upon the country in time of golden
 larvest; lei every one of the 700,000, labor
 os remember that England, tins very year,
 tppropriawd 18,500,000 to the mere hus
 •andry of war—lor preparations for blasting,
 •onsuming, impovei&amp;hing war that she paid
 nore for training men, and instruments to
 reap down men on the battle field, than it
 would cost to till jus: such another Eugland
Outrageous—We quote the lollowing ar
 ticle from the Wilmington (Del.) Republican,
 »nd pronounce it a decided “outrage.” not
 withstanding the sneering of the Baltimore
 Sun.
 The schooner Experiment, belonging to
 rhomHS S. Walter, of this Cha, was char
 tered by Mr. Passmore, ot Delaware co., Pa.,
 to proceed to Hartford Md., for the purpose
 of procuring lumber. She was comma .ded
 by E. Mode, who employed two colored
 hands. While in Swan Creek, in Hanford
 co., the cold weather setting in, the vessel
 was frozen last; they, however, remained on
 ooard of her, awaiting ihe opening of the
 •reek, but the ice being in such abundance,
 ion-ed them to stay there longer than the
 law of Maryland permits blacks from other
 States, w hen some men in the neighborhood
 marded the vessel, artesled the men and had
 Item confined in jail. Some effort has been
 nade lor their liberation, but without suc
 cess.— j\Vuj York Globe.
Robert Burns. —He was standing one day
 •■pun the quay at Greenock, when a wealthy
 Merchant belonging u&gt; the town, had the m.s-
 Ibrtune t fall into the harbor. He was no
 swimmer, and hit death would have been
 nevitrde, had not a sailor who happened to
 p tong at the time, im nediately plugged
 i and at the risk of bis own life, rescued him
 rum his dangerous situation. The Greenock
 Merchant U|m»ii recovering a little ftom hi*
 right, put his hand into his pocket and gen
 ii usiy presented the sailor with a shilling.
 The crowd who were by this time collected,
 tudly protested against the contemptible iu
 •tgoificance of the sum; and Burns, with a
 mile of ineffable ae«m, entreated them to
 estram tbeir clamor, said he, “the
 rentleman is the beat judge of the value of his
 own life.”— Pum&amp;T.
 A gold hunting company of adored men in
 Vew York, numbering one hundred,' has been
 -united, and is bound for the Sacramento.
 ExTRAOtotNAtr Loxgsyity.—A ecdoted
 won an, named Antoinette Mexen, died in
 lam's ana recently, at the extraordinary age
 “f 131 yearn. She wm a native of fawns
 i**
Communications.
If» ictwit Tel *f tW 990*00 o at
 Daws*
 [rOUCLCIHtO.J
 16. Mr. Wilson accuses me of s&amp;utoing Urn
 Dawn invtitalion as a rune. He says of me,
 For lie was here, seting officially jn
 the midst of the cotsc, I‘or nearly tyo years,
 sustaining and increasing it.’” This is posi
 tively false. I attired at Dawn June i2d,
 1845. 1 took charge of the school, 1 think,
 the first week in July, and was elected a
 member of the Ex. Committee, and its Secre
 tary, in that month As sooo as i bad tune.
 I examined the books, Ac., and the aoeoonta
 of the agents particularly, which, I believe,
 was within some three or fotnr months after.
 These I found anything bat satisfactory;
 hence, I introduced certain resolutions in the
 Ex. Committee, forbidding the agents to beg
 anything more until they had settled up their
 accounts, Ac., and published to the world
 what they were doing. I urged the calling
 home of Mr. Hanson, who was then in the
 East; and the language of one of the resolu
 tions was, The agents are doing what no
 body knows bat themselves.” These resolu
 tions were adopted by the Ex. Committee,
 and entered on their book. The Committee
 instructed roe to call Mr. Henson home, and
 I did so, by writing to J. W. Alden, of Bos
 ton, as I did not know where a letter would
 reach him. So much for sostaining the cause.
 But further w hen my first yeai expired
 there, the agents had not settled their accounts
 satisfactory to me; and when the Ex. Com
 mittee wanted me to teach another year, I
 told them I would not, for it was my fixed and
 settled purpose to leave as soon as they would
 (or rather could) settle their business, and
 make a fair and honorable report to the pub
 lic. Will Mr. Wilson or the Cammiueedeny
 this 1 1 was dissatisfied from the time
 found out how things were, till the time
 left, with their management. If they deny
 it, let them say so. Being unable to get
 ihings Tight, the Trustees met in September,
 1846, at which time I presented my resigna
 tion, a copy of which I here give
 “To the Ex. Committee and Trustees of the
 British American Institute:
Gextlemen —I herein present you ray res
 ignation as a Teacher in your institution. 1
 do it, because of your present administration,
 and in view of the unchristian and murderous
 treatment I received a few days since from
 one with whom I am associated. 1 cannot
 and will not consent to be recreant to tn&gt;
 trust, and treacherous to the cause of God
 aid the poor, to please my persecutor, (Mr.
 Henson,) or any one else. Should you re
 fuse to sustain ihe present administration, or
 sanction such detestable conduct, and pursue
 that coutse worthy of the cause, aud satis
 factory to the public and me, and approved b\
 God, I am your humble servant,
 W. P. NEWMAN.
 “Dawn, C. W., Sept. 10, 1846.”
 Rev. James Roaf. D. D., of Toronto,
 Chairman of the Biard of Trustees, said.
 I
 when lie n ad my res gnation to the meeting.
 Mr. Newman is tight, perfectly so, fot so
 doing.”' Who can believe, in view of these
 things, I sustained the curse? The murderous
 conduct referred to was Mr. Josiah HensonV
 threatening to cut my throat, knife in hand.
 He got on his knees, in th#presence of the
 Trustees, and begged my forgiveness, and 1
 trad hardly said, I forgive you,” before he
 put at me again like a bon. At the request
 of the Trustees and Committee, I took back
 •my resignation, and remained in connection
 w.th the institution about one month after,
 1 when the influence of Mr. Henson broke up
 I the school. Myself and Mr. Wilson were
 then misrepresented to the Trustees by a
 traitor, things not being settled, and that re
 sulting in my leaving the institution instantly.
 Thus my nearly two years’ connection with
 the Institution turns out to be about fifteen
 months, and two of them spent in labor to
 overthrow the cutse. 17. Mr. Wilson says—
 I am furnishing instruction to rising of 30
 scholars.” He should have told the public
 that these are the children of the neighbor
 hood, or at any rate, tour-fifths of them are,
 and the rest the youth of the settlement, and
 not strangers from afar, as he would have us
 to He should have added, also, that
 the parents of these are and always have been
 charged tuition for the instruction their child
 ren received at Dawn. These scholars are
 no charge to the public, for they board at
 home. They h»ve not and do not receive any
 of the $20,000 w hich has been given for their
 education and support. 18. I said in the arti
 cle referred tu, that was in the Christian Cot
 tributor, that the Dawn school managers hail
 “received, sii ce its commencement, over
 $lO,OOO in cash, clothing, &amp;c.”; but the
 truth is, they have received over $20,0€0 in
 cash, clothing, &amp;e, Thousands of this were
 begged in the name of the commoD schools in
 different parts of the Province, but they have
 not received $5OO in caeh, clothing, tic.-, for
 five years past. And much of the clothing
 was begged for gratuitous distribution among
 the poor; but they did not get it. as they know
 and will say; nor did the missonaties laboring
 in different parts of the Province get it. Dots
 Mr. Wilson deny this? Let bira say so
 19. Mr. Wilson says, I have been eyes to
 the blind, and feet to the lame —l have fed
 the hungry and clothed the naked. 1 can
 simply say, that those who have received eyes
 and feet, know it of course; but the fed
 a id clothed” saying should have been the
 other way. The poor fugitives (or rather
 the use of their name, and without the con
 sent, too, of but a few) have fed and clothed
 Mr. Wi'soo, and his family k«
 went among them-—keeping three hired ser
 vants in a sfostt family for s long tune, until
 there w as a great fuss about it. 20. I con
 clude by saying, I nuke no ptofession to per
 fection in all that I have dooe in Canada nor
 do I say that l«m without fault in every par
 ticular, but I can say, that 1 bate the sweet
 consciousness of having intended to do what
 is honorable before God and just to my fellow
 men; but if I knew myself to be a .w turioqj
 li* r cut-throat preacher, a blasphemer and
 a tiypocute, and that 1 had ever given any
 good ground for being accused of wickedness
 to such a degree ss to have a steamboat stop
 ped to take me off as a burse thief, I never
 •ho M wan* w he Chairman of a Wesleyan
 Conference. W. P. NEWMAN.
 CincitiNATi, 0,, Feb. 13, 'ls4®.
 P. B.—'Masts- Eorroas .—1 hope that not
 only you, but the editors of the Christian
 Contributor, American Missionary, Oberiia
 Evangelist, Ham’s Horn, and all who loro
 just nod trae, will jmhhab had review my
 writing and Mr. m this leljint, am
 .wtrf tsfsttfgno
to it* pebiic. It Ie new
 time tost n wu omleeeired aubjcrt.
 w. f. s.
Ixwdon, F«b. 8, 1840.
 The ministry of the French Republic have.
 since my last, received two severe checks,
 and finally bare gained a complete victory in
 the National Assembly. A committee was
 appointed in take out of the hands of the
 Minister of Finance the preparation of the
 budget for the ensuing year—very tike a tow
 #t»nt of confidence—with a majority of
 fifty-two. The Ministry then brought for
 ward a project of law, for entirely dosing the
 dubs, sod sll similar organisations, as being
 the foa of perpetual disaffection. The As
 sembly referred this to a committee, which
 hanng reported unfavorably thereof, the As
 serably negatived the project by a majniity of
 seventy-six. As soon as its decision war
 made known, Ledru Rollin rose and presented
 to the Assembly a proposition for impeaching
 the ministry, signed by forty-eight membeis.
 The fate of the present order of things m
 France trembled in the balance. When the
 cilisens of Paris arose neat day, they beheld
 troops at the corner of every street—sll the
 approaches to the National Assembly crowded
 with masses of armed men.—a hundred mur
 murs were afloat, which were increased as it
 became known during the day that numerous
 arrests bad been made—a plot had been dis-!
 covered—the men of the Faubourgs were to J
 have risen the co-operation of the Gerdt j
 Mobile which was said to have been, and was
 in very truth m the highest state of discon
 tent, had been calculated upon—the Assembly I
 wa9 to have been crushed—the Prince-Presi
 dent expelled—a National Convention, or a
 Committee of Public Safety declared ahsc*
 lute—the guillotine erected—in short, a Re
 public, constituted of the true blood-red color.
 Disbelief has been manifested by some of the
 truth of these details—the opposition, oi
 course, represent it as a mere trick of the
 Ministry—a coup de theatre, as they call it. Jt
 would appear that a majority of the Assembly
 thought otherwise. Knowing that they no I
 longer represent the feeling of the majority
 of their constituents, they voted the second
 reading of a bill to dissolve themselves a short
 time hence, by a majority of four hundred and
 sixteen to four hundred and five. The Min
 isters informed the Assembly that ramifica
 tions of the plot existed throughout the whole
 of France and they stale that they considei
 themselves to have been saved from a desper
 ate conflict only by the consummate ski I
 with which General Changarnier, the Com
 mander of Paris, made his preventive disposi
 tions. He did more than all have done before
 him—he so employed the means at his dispo
 sal as to render insurrection in the capital, m
 a military point of view, impossible.
 The conduct of the President of France
 has by no means justified the evil foreboding*
 entertained by the many on his elevation to
 that high office. He resolutely refused to
 abandon his Ministry, when it was very evi
 dent that except he severed himself from
 them, if ihey fell, he must fall also. At the
 time the outbreak was expected to take place,
 unattended save by a few officers, and followed
 by an immense crowd of people, who cheered
 him-vociferously, he rode through the streets
 of Paris. A strung Imperialist feelingissaid
 to have pervaded the troops of the line, to
 much so, that, if any collision had taken
 place, they would have attacked the insur
 gents to the cry of Vive l’Empereur!”—
 To this, indeed, it must come at last.
 The British Parliament was opened hsi
 Thursday, Feb. Ist, by Her Majesty in per
 son. The Royal speech said as little as Royi
 *pee£hes usually do; yet the question of the
 address created a violent debate in both the
 Houses. In-that of Peers, the ministry only
 gained a majority of two.
 The subject most universally talked of, of
 late, throughout Great Britain, has been the
 secession from the Church of England of the
 Honorable and Reverend Baptist W. Noel (a
 brother of the of Gainsborough,) a min
 ister who, taking all things into account, was
 perhaps more deeply beloved by all parties,
 than any other. His reasons for secession
 have been published, and are in immense de
 mand. S. P. Q. R.
Niagara in the Winter. —The Iris of
 Saturday morning says, that for some w eek 5
 past the winter scenery at Niagara Falls has
 been surpassingly beautiful, and quite beyoiH
 description. Oo the j&gt;erpendicula/ banks are
 suspended large icicles of the luosi fanciful
 shapes, which are white as alabaster, and ap
 pear at a distance like magnificient columns.
 Hut the most beautiful sight is the spray con
 sealed upon the surrounding trees and shrut*.
 Every branch is encrusted Little berries upo 1
 the shrubs are balls of ice. It seems like t
 forest of coral, gbttering with diamonds, and
 of dazzling whiteness.
Tub New French Constitution declare
 that each form of religious faith shall receive
 eqml protection of the Slate. No ccm&gt;n
 ship of the press shall be exercised. No
 hereditary rank or title shall exist. Tb*:
 President is elected for four years; salarv
 120.000 yearly. Trial by jory is fully es
 tablished, and education is under the care of
 the government.
Mr. Sliogerlaod of New Vora, was one o t
 tiie Dodgers on the Pacheco bill, although a
 loud “whig abolitionist” last year. The
 New York Press save be is a candidate for the
 Albany Poet Office under “Old Zack.”
 That explains.
Several deaths from that tern he disease,
 he black tongue, have occurred in Augusta
 Kentucky. The heads of ihe patients swet
 immoderately, the tongue protrudes from iher
 mouths, eyes glaring, and the whole lace i.,
 Iteculored and borriWy distorted, eudin
 speedily in death.
An old writer thus describes a talkative
 female. —l know a lady, who talks so m
 eecsaotly that site won't give an echo fair plav
 She has such aa everlasting rotation of tongue,
 i hat an echo must wait until she dies befor*
 tt can catch her bat words.”
Danoesois CocaTtarwT.—The public
 4»oufd guard against two dollar bilb of tb
 [City Bank. Bomos. altered to tens. The*
 biib are so well executed that ffeey have been
 takes at several of the hooks.
 Ohi of our eotetßpunneo~giveo the follow
 ing advice to wives: **lf you find it oeeesoary
 to fhaatioe yoar hoihaado, foo should perform
 ikbpuoM duty with the soft end of the
 broom.
MARRI£i»
 Is !»«w York City, as WrdOesd'.
 -eh.». hy Eav. Do. ,££ss
 •attonTim w i",. r K ■V.i’aSiv
 wMucdt Ret
 At flnwietia, frkttb, the Rtv. 8. W
 frtrms, Mo. PETER MARTIN to Mui
 LOt’lSA J. ELLM
 C 'tb 1
Commtrci at
RocHfiriK, Harrb 7,
 There taibmHextreme -Whw f»**»*&amp;“*
 the nvuhrt sure nor la*. Yesterday rained h»r
 all day and there were an teas* ia from the country
 I'tonrw about |l bU., aad Ural ar-IU at aUj«
 £1 16 ha. Tiaootby Jseed euW Monday a
 l '&lt;i gg, to quality, owl mu*. Me*» Purl
 in bbte. »#U at aid Butler *cnrtr. Vr*trr&gt;!a
 140M* Batter auhi at lir. and 200 fin. packet
 at U*e.
Rochester Wholesale Price* C«nf»t.
 n,™ v Vis' s
 n««»VfW 4* «47
 1 .iW.l’arfc.Ha**'. U«-M».
 Pork 4 00 4 30
 S 50 4 50
 Do.bH. _ 7}
 Lard P 6
 ed&gt; 1 7
 i Ham#, ed) s£■ 6
 Should"* O
 Turkey# 0
 Chicken# 1.. 38 W
 j GRAIN —Ihit. 20 c ]2i
 Wheat, I anil 45 47
 Corn 50
 Rj« 26 a2B
 Oat* 50 53
 Bariev _i
 HIDES—Duty ;»r .Sj
 Slaughter 4 10
 Calf -ut ft 25
 Sheep Pelt# 20 P
 SEEDS—Duty; Linseed P c 1 -Mus..
 f ad val
 Tlover 375 e 4 Oil
 Timothy 200« 2 50
 Flax 1 00
 FISH—Doty on foreign or Jght; 20 tf cad val
 WhitefehlW 6 75
 Codfish rut 35!)
 SUNDRIES—
 Sah, p bbl I 06
 Apples, p bush .81
 Do. dried 62i
 Eggs, p do* 15
 Beans, p bush 75 1 00
 Hay, p ton 10 00
 Hard wood 8 00
 Soft Wood
JOB POINTING.
 THE NORTH star OFFICE, is fiirnisbeo
 with rtnr Jab 7'y tor the execution of even
 iescription of I’ri'uing with neatness and despatch
 ■it the lowest |trires for cadi, via:
 Hand-bills, Blanks, Bill-lieads,
 Programmes, Circulars, Bills of Lading,
 Pamphlets, Cards,. Labels,&amp;e.
Narrative of the life of fredf.r
 ICK DOUGLASS, written by himself, to be
 had at this office, price 30 cents.
CHARLES JON! S, North Star House, No. 26.
 North Street, ’between Fifth and Sixth, and
 .Market and Arch streets, Philadelphia.
 Strangers visiting the city will find the North
 Star House the most central, convenient anil com
 fortable House in Philadelphia.
 Philadelphia, Dec. 1, 1848 3m49
Books, For Sale at the Asti-Suvekv
 Office Reading Room, No. 25 Itufliilo.
 St., Second Story opposite the Arcade:
 Narrative ot' Frederick Douglass.
 Jonathan Walker.
 Portrait
 Spooner on Unronstitutionaiity of Slav, ry.
 W. Phillips reply to tio.
 Legion of Liberty.
 Slavery illustrated by its effect on Woman.
 Also a rich variety of Fancy anil useful articles
 made by the Ladies’Anti-Slavery Society.
 Asyltun for the Sick who have been con
 ftuetl to their beds from 1 to 20 years.
 DR- HAM ILI ON’S Hydropathic and Anyahtir
 Asylum, No 217 Exchange Str- iv thf
 Orphan Asylum. Rochester, N.Y. Ibis Instiiutioi
 1 is now firmly established and in successful opera
 1 tion. Tlie proprietor analyzes every disease that is
 admitted there, and applies the natural and appro
 priatc remedy. Although water is used in every «a\
 I that is applied in any a ater-cure establishment i"
 die United Stales, yet the proprietor hislh's it to I*
 expressly understood that it is not relied on as the cnly
 i or principal i emedy in the treatment of disease sub
 mdted to his care."
 This Establi.-boa.’nt is designed lor that class n
 invalids who have foiled to obtain'their health by all
 other systems of practice, and are still unable to
 walk or stand on their feet, ami are confined to their
 oeds, wearing out a life of misery and suffering with
 qnt any lio|»e of ever being any better.
 I The remedies made me ofin this Institution nor
 only entirely remove disease but give increased
 strength and elasticity to the system. Many hive;
 been brought here from different parts of the coun
 try, who had neither walked or borne their weight
 on their feet fiom five to fifteen years; and souk
 who have lieen unable to dress or undress, or even
 to feed tiH'.n.e Ives, and in tile course of u few week*
 would lie walking with the elasticity of youth and
 ihe quickness of a pedestrian, uxtonished at tltein
 selves, and surprising tltetr friends ;uwl all who saw
 them wlien they first came. The treatment of this
 Institution is particularly calculated to remove the
 diseases peculiar to females, such as
 Ist. The falling of tl»e Womb, in all its stages
 and conditions in patients, from twelve years of aV
 up to sixty, and even if they have lieen confin&amp;i to 1
 j dieir beds from one to twenty, unable to gland, walk,
 drew, or undress tliemuclves, or even too feeble u,
 bear any noise or speak aloud. I
 2d. Weakness and Fallin* of the Bowels; I'ait.
 Side, Shoulders, Hack and Head; Sputa!
 Diseases, Liver Complaints, Sinking Sensation a
 the Stomach, l’alpitation of the Heart, Dyspepsia
 in all its forma and stages, Piles, Cngtiveness, Hi-j
 arrbaca, Suppression of (he Menses, Excessive
 Menstruation, Whites, ail Nervous Diseases, Cold
 Feet and lands, St. Anthony’s Dsih*, of
 all kinds, Suit Rtieiun, in it, wot si forms, Neural
 gia, Tic Douloureux, lilt, umuti.in, forisiuiiptio-l in
 its riist stages, General Weakness and Debility.
 The proprietor lias given his whole atteni ion to
 the above diseases for the last ten years, ami ba.
 treated them in ait entirely dillerent way fr.in aus
 other private practice or public Institution in this
 country; ant] null has lieert his wtrreas, and go cer
 tain tyre his remedies in tiieir effect* on tho.-e dis
 eases, dial instead of pubiiehiiur a long li*t &lt;Y **r
 tifieil cure.-, he wishes give that class of invalid*
 seeking to obtain dieir health a sufficient guarantee
 again-t any false pretensions, exaggeration, uu, n
 -ition or deception, so tliat no one need be to any
 expense in this Institution w itboot being b.,v,* f!r -(f.
 'Hie proprietor w ill enter into a ira-etal contract
 with any one who wi fces to do so, tlsit lie will ad
 mit into tin* Institution, u» advance tlx? money and
 pay all die expenses from any part of the United
 St t*s here and feu k borne again, Is Yore hr* c at
 new e* Use treatment, and give a is n 1 to hoard there,
 together with his profi-ssi ,ital service*, Cm nothing,
 if be doe* ivjt ls-1 ihem according to contract. A&gt;&gt;v
 one thinking t-e ab,»e ftr pusitioti IS, I a suitic eu’l
 ;aa&gt;anu.-e against umi ep. osentstion* awd expense
 mi lb &gt;o( receiving «qoal I s''w lit, can let tV pree-rie.
 tor k xjw what v.ill be satisfactory, and it shall he
 d&lt;jlv Co* aidered.
 Ibis Institution has grown up from private prac
 tice In the influence ofUxwe who have been fed, ed
 »eie, as nothing has ever been pohlislied ls?£..e;
 .oxl (he proprietor means that it shall swuain ifrett
 by Us own merits, or pay die expessA &lt;W those w!k&gt;
 choose t*, make aow act in case of Kilun-. Tlx'
 swsgn of this Circular is not to ackcXs.wu die
 ures that have been mad* in this
 dtey mast be believed; tv« i„ fe lt v B trt
 ext nsivelj known to do? pm* goffering Juraljd*
 that have spent hundreds of dollars in try i*g all
 .ther systems of pearlier, and wit;root much or sms
 leoefit. aad still remain confin’d to therr ftmi
 five to twenty year., that lucre is an Ins .totiou
 whone treatment in different from tm .xber one the
 I mied Males, and IS pwrfienlarK aiiaptM to their
 iitualHm, and can lui« 4 cost them mAiu.t ssim
 tiiev are materially benefited.
 From tire nature of treatment in'bis Institution,
 dm mmberU at rents mi hn homed, therefore the
 proprietor does not -Amu dm pa iron, re M ami
 •admnry erne* w hich wav be earedy telped l v “Use*
 systems of practice; nor done He wait any one to
 com, wires (try wwh to get well, aad are w ,lb on
 to he made weU enough to V*lk fn,o* five u. Iwem,
 mile* at a time, and fottow H np day t-firr siar if,
 meewenton; and who wiUmg to be made able to en.
 't* m most of people
 that mil themaclves well, a. bn swan* bat nvnt,
 irxune, mpalfilrt. U «itnre^CT’) \!!^L"
 O,l improves
 *w l*«fiU4iou rskeoxl
 hn the mtarel lawn of organracd matter, a
 cnnmrpisMity Ms snpnrinritjf over every other dff
 dm* *j(Mmn of practice.
 u f&amp;!y!vs? ieil w THOXA*
 HAMILTON, Bechnmnr, poet [mid,
 Mfirne atmmmn. If
 hn —d» to tbonn who bnvs been halpwd hs Mde Itma
 •dam; andalspmdwfwssssitr•»
 n/ thn preps intxr t* jawnt X* rxyrmmt,
 t
Sft Watch art Jewelry
 JOHN KFDZIF. having eka«***l hi* partner*^
 Muwm, lim i—wivad hi* 9h*p two Aw*
 N'ottii to Mo. 11, Bl**&gt; #ti*efc, «fcM» be |**f*H«d
 mffwMtf to compete in the »le of ra
 «Wk of 'Gondo, of Gold mod fMw
 EofUb. Aarbnr. BeCW***»l and Vert ami •trfcr*.
 Gold Guard and Fob Chain*, C«&gt;U SenU and Kn*,
 Gold and Sd»» Pencil*. gpteßrk« oi»-i TJnmb&gt;e*,
 Gold Fir-Ring*, Bracelet*, and Finger-King*— a
 goad assortmes*, cheap t eariete ol ladic* *M
 Gemlnrn’* HmM-Hw. mm*
 ■Mflr Homing (nUml plild laxrket*, Cioli Pi'aa,
 •*»i (palit}, Silver and I 5 bell Comb# x»d Case*,
 Fine ret! r\, Ar. &amp;c.
 The above nisi a variety of other ilrtinMl flood*
 !***iitU kept ia ow bttsinrvs, are ofh-mi on a&gt;n*e ad
 rmu&lt;rt4i» item tlun iwibl; and it i* parti«hrh
 draired that the (&lt;mk shmM be examined, and
 price* M.Tru«el. tetore pw&lt;huui( elsewhere in
 this market.
 We m inuftcture an! keep &lt;m hand a *»»od amend
 ment of Silver Spoons, warranted as pare k Ame
 rican coin.
 Will alao keep an w*ortmmt of Accurdeon* ami
 other Musical Instrument*, which wifi be sold rery
 low.
 We intend to keep a food asaortmen* of the beat
 Bra** Eight-day, St* hour,and aUnt n Clacks, as can
 tie found ia inis city.—Call and see them.
 W ATCH REPAIRING, faithfully done and war
 ninted Kan experienced workman.
 Farther particnhi* at No. 11 State Street.
 J. KEDZIK k Co.
 P. S-—To the Fanners in particular we would
 giTe mitiee, tjpat we hare a variety of Barometer*
 which will give that knowknige of the changes of the
 weather, so as to be able to adopt his business to ita
 variations. Please call and examine them, as every
 man ought to lw»e one.
 Sep. 15,1848. 6m.
DR. A. CLARK,
 DENTAL BURGEON.
 T w ould respectfully infirm the citizens of K&lt;»ehe.ster
 and smrouiilinf country, that 1 have removed n y
 from No. 89 Smith's Arcade to my dwellii g
 dfice 92 Monroe Street.
 Kiu-e N. p a!&lt; f ,vors in the line of my protVa*
 Thankful. «ng myself that I can give perlect
 don, mil llatte. vbo nwy furor me with their pn
 sttisfaction to all 'ovde all tltose who are de*
 nmage. I would on the teeth or
 •irons ofhaving operatioi. V| aud satisfy
 having teeth inserted to Ca
 bemselvea.
 A. CLARK.
 N. B. All operation* performe «i tha
 teeth attd Plate \\ork warranted.
 Rocliester, Oct. 13, 1848. tf.
.\EH PIMP FACTOR V.
 T»E suhscrilier takes this method to inform the
 4- citizens of Rochester and vicinity, that he h
 )&lt;ist establislied a Pump Factory, at number 221,
 Main street, where he will lie happy to wait upon ail
 "hi uviy favor him w ith their patronage.
 Having had considerable oxjierienre in h'is line of
 business, lie pledges himself to furnish ns g&lt;x&gt;d «n
 article, and o| as good material, as can he proem cd
 at any other similar establishment in this city. His
 Pumps are furnished with either wood or lead pij e,
 as m«y suit customer*. He also -mspplie*, to order,
 every description of Aqueduct Logs, or Lend Pipe.
 The subscriber will take pleasure ia directing »uch
 ot his customers a* may require the information, to
 competent workmen, who will attend to all calls, for
 digging, drilling, or blasting wells, promptly, and at
 reasonable rates. All kinds of Pujnp* repaired to
 order.
 (K/“ The above work will be furnished at the
 lowest prices, for CASH. Persons wiil do well to
 give him a call liefore purchasing elsewhere.
 J. R. FELT.
 Rocliester, July 14, 1848. 1y29
Rochester, July 14, 1848.
Assignee’s Sale.
 AS Assignee ofSTepin N A. Leach, deceased,
 I shall s II nt Public .Auction at tlie Ar
 r;ide Mali (npjMisite rhe Post Ohio,-) in tlie city
 of Rocia ster, on tlie 9th day ,&lt;f Vpi i', 1849, nt l 2
 o’clock A!., “One nmlivi led fourth part of all that
 tmet nr parcel of land situate in tlie Village of
 Houcoye Falls, town of Mendon, (.'minty of Alun*
 roe an 4 State of Now York, bounded ami desc-hid
 as fallows Beginning at the west corner of a t
 of land owned in tlie year 1843 by F.zr* It. B fu
 ton. ami now occupied by Asa Pride, and on the
 Norllieily line of Munroe Street, thence along the
 line of sai I street ninth forty eight degrees, w&lt; st
 one chain twenty and one half links t Kob&gt; bt
 Hand’s line; thence north forty-two degrees, east
 nt right angles with said st.ect two, ha' 11s and thi. ty
 nine links; thence north forty-eight degjees, west
 six feet and two inches; thence co iti-unig abn,
 said Band’s line north thiily-nine degiees, east one
 1 chain and sixty two link* to II vnkv Allen's bn-
 I dienct- along his line s.,uth forty-eight dcgiiev, east
 1 one chain; t ence south llinty-lou. degrees fifteen
 mi nut s, wist along said Allen’s line one chain
 s:xty-tour and a hall links; thence south f&lt;/ty-five
 degrees and Ibity-five minutes, east eighteen links;
 th,nice along s.tiii Hi.N ton’s line (now sm,l CHIDES
 line) south forty-two degrees, west two chains and
 thirty-nine links to the place of beginning, containing
 about half an acre of land, lieing the same premises
 conveyed by said Leach t&gt;Jr home B. Fellows,
 J&gt;v deed dated Octolier 17th 1848, and recorded in
 Munroe county clerk’s office Oct. 19, 1848 at ten
 o’clock A. A!., 11 i»lib. 82of deeds at page 172 'lhe
 above descrilied premises will lie sold subject to a
 ceitain mortgage executed by said Leach to
 Iharih Paulk, dated 16t!i and recorded in
 •Munroe t oiiuty Clok’n Office on tie, 18t!i day of
 bet de. 1848 at Id o’clock A. )L, m lib. 46 of
 mortgages at page 500.
 Mated Feb nary 15tli 1849.
 Jerome B. Fellow#, Assignee.
 POST AND WILLIS, Dealers in Drags, Medi
 cines, Chemicals, Dye Stulls, Paints, Varnish,
 Oils, (Glassware, Brnslies, Perfumery, T fcignerreutypt,
 Stock, F reiM'h and (•crmaii Chemicals, Artists’
 C'oltrt-s, Brushes ami Canvass, Etherial Oil, Cold
 Leaf and Foil, kc. kc.
 Being Agents for mm of the celebrated Family
 ami valuable Patent Almiicincs, and re« eiviiig tlie
 same oirectly from tlie Alanutacturers or tin ir Agents,
 lliev are enabled to supply all order* at w bob-sale
 find retail, on the most favorable terms.
 _ 1 loireeop.illiic Book*, Medicines, and Family
 la w ith lull directions. (July agents lor West
 ern New York.
 Also, Sherwood’s Vibratory Magnetic Machines,
 with directions.
 I’hosgenc (,as; also Etherial Oil and lamps, for
 miming tlie same. Those who would consult eco
 nomy and rourenienre are invited to examine these
 Lamp*. The attention of Coontry Merchants, Phy
 sicians, Families, ami others, wishing g&lt;ss!s in tlie
 alrove line, is requester! at tlie APOTHECARIES’
 HALL, 4, Exchange Btrw(.
 ALBURN and ItOCIILHTER
 KAIL-ltd AD
 fIHAXGE IN 'I IMF.—Tin tr ins will c-mitenee
 V/ to leave Roc!,cut, r to-dav at the f ,flow teg time-:
 Eastward—*l.l2l s. w.,11 a. a., and 74
 Westward—at 24 a. m., 14 a. m., iuJ 4i r. M.
 fta-l ester, December 5. IX4B.
 Ifff—Rif—Beff!
 4 &amp;J. JMTAW, Botcher*. S. Centra Marbot,
 A, («-g to return ilieir sir were io.o«&gt; to 1.
 citizens &lt;&gt;l Koeliester, for the !-ber»l jwl onoge I
 stowed upon them imct they Ofrted l!&lt;e il. e
 phice. Moreover, it is t),eir earnest ibhr by
 strict at terrt ion t los mess, and k&lt;ep&lt;n w so",
 hand an arid le ~f tlie first qualm 10 me t a slid
 fortlirr extension of tlie patronage alrea, y so liber
 ally con lei red upon them.
 N.B. 'lliey l-avc at p«e*e--t on tiand prise bref o
 tie-, first quality, led l&gt;y Mr. Murdoch. Farmer,
 8, idyt-re, k, ()ilean* County, K. Y.
 Har-* itUs* ami Dresslß* at
 RALPH FRANCIS’# Salotm, under tlie Eagle
 Itu iWrtet t*l 14 —tom
 thiaksTtucVksT
 I’HE first uwshty of article is to be bad at LAINO
 k BONNELL’tf new Establishment, No. 58,
 State Street, Roc lev ter. Also a general aswit
 aaeut of Valises, Travelling Bags, «e., which are
 ©tered at tbr- very lowest pro,* b M l.
 Carr tag Trimming execoh-4 n 'he latest Stfle
 aad with drrpMtrh, by J. T. Laiog, at bn old stand
 in Stair Sirert, opposite the Va»«e-n Hraw.
 J. T. L. having In 1 extensive experience m l!«
 Easter* markets, bqws to give Mli-betis t*
 generous puLlir who shall favur him with their f»
 kwsfe.
 Rochester, July 14, IS4B.
 Basra#
 NEW
 pOR SALE a# «l» A*#* Bbw*y Crpirilr-y, 11,
 rL l3£c» I A lew copsm remain.
 .*2 !a WiAswn W. Urwws. 2W w«b midi
 -1 Nturf arnt new eogravmg*. Pr«», Ismad,
 f7i ct*; m jspw sovers, 24 its.
 jlasrkfiwh’s Appeal m m«ard to th* War with
 Mexico, I*4 D*'
 Ouetiem sad Duties of do North, with reward h
 Shvery. Ambww t. Fedhody. «ts.
 In Moarha at (JtwtfnAer|. By Hoary C. Wiigbt.
 fUW
 Did Crswaif shiahl, A# aiswsaia. and Tiihan
 Taylor, th* (Mdhr-. hs DiArrsar* bsinosm
 thorn. By Hoary C. Wright. Sets, staflr;
 os- ptr doaoaj
