PortrQ.
For the Norik Sur-
 THE CALL.
 Dirl Blare rv cover* oar kwl l*k* l* n
 Amm* r. fear* freeme »d *t the call;
 Come icily. ood ivcf oar he*aufi»l bad
 Fron tie rUios of th e boodioait, tie »c«rgr and
 the Ira ad.
 f(o VmgTr wr’H bow at tbe sbrehokfer’s fact,
 No longer re’ll help him to meal and to cheat;
 No more shall the babe from the mother he torn.
 No more shall the wife fror* the husband be hnrar!
 We hare helped them so long, they think that are
 must
 Continue to trample the slave in the dost;
 Bat we’ll tell them no longer we’ll hear the disgrace,
 No more well oppress the dark African race.
 Then come to tbe rescue, ao more trill we rest,
 Till those poor enslaved millions with freedom are
 West;
 Then, with pleasare we’ll bail the lri|bt land if
 ow birth,
 As the proodest, the noldevt, the freest of earth.
 MsRBLK HEAD, Feb. 1849. ELLA.
THE SONG OF TOIL.
 av I. M. DFOASSt.
 Let him who will reliearte the song
 Of gentle love and bright romance;
 Let him who will with tripping tongue
 lead gleaming thoughts to fancy's dance;
 But let me strike mine iron harp,
 As northern haqw were struck of old—
 And let its music, stern and sharp,
 Arouse the free and bold!
 My hand that iron harp shall sweep,^
 Till from each stroke new strains recoil,
 And forth tlie sounding echoes leap,
 To join else arousing song of toil;
 fill men of thought their thought* outspeak,
 And thoughts awake iu kindred mind,
 And stirring words sliall arm tlie weak,
 And fetters cease to bind!
 And coursing, soon, o’er soul and sense,
 That glorious harp, whoso iron strings
 Are Labor’s mighty instruments,
 Shall shake tlie thrones of mortal kings;
 And ring of axe and anvil note,
 Arid rush of plough through yielding soil,
 And laboring engine’s vocal throat,
 Sliall swell the song of toil!
 THE STAR AND THE CHILD.
 A maiden walked at eventide
 Beside a clear and placid stream,
 And smiled, as in iu depths slie saw
 A trembling star’s reflected beam.
 She smiled until die liearn was lost,
 As ’cross die sky a cloud was driven,
 And tlien she siglied, and llien forget
 The star was shining still in heaven.
 A mother sat beside life’s stream,
 Watching a dying child at dawu,
 And smiled, as in iu eye she saw
 A hope that it might still live on.
 She smiled until the eyelids closed,
 But watched for breath until tbe even;
 And then she wept, and then forgot
 '1 he child was living still in heaven.
THERE’S ROOM ENOUGH FOR ALL.
 What need of all this fuss and strife,
 Each warring with his brother!
 Why should we in tbe crowd of lile,
 Keep trampling down each oilier
 Is there no goal that can be won,
 Without a wpieexe to gain it 7
 No other way of getting on,
 But scrambling to obtain it!
 Oh, fellow men, have wisdom, then,
 In friendly warning call
 Your claims divide, the world is wide,
 There’s room enough for all.”
 What if the swarthy peasant find
 No field for lamest labor;
 He noigi not idly stop behind,
 To thrust aside his neighbor.
 There is a laud with sunny skies,
 Where gold (or toil is given,
 W liere every brawny hand that tries
 Its strength can giasp a living.
 Oh, fellow-men, remember llien,
 Whatever cltance befal,
 The world is wide—where those abide,
 There’s room enough for all.
 Fro* poisoned air jA&gt; breathe in courts,
 And typhus-tainted alleys,
 Go forth and dwell where life resorts,
 In fertile hills and valleys;
 Where every arm that clears a bough
 Finds plenty in attendance;
 Up, leave your loathsome cities now,
 And toil for independence.
 Oh, lias ten, then, from fevered den,
 And lodging cramped ami small;
 The world is wide—in land lieside,
 There’s room enough for all.
 ki this fair region far away,
 Will labor find employment—
 A fair day’s work, a fair day’s pay,
 And toil w ill earn enjoyment.
 What need, then, of tliis daily strife,
 Wliere each wars with his brother!
 Why need we, through the crowd of life,
 Keep trampling down each other!
 From rags and crime, that distant clime
 Will free the pau|ier’s thrall;
 Take fortune s side—ll»e world so wide
 Has room enough for all.
 3
 From the Unm-rca'luiu.
 EARTH’S BATTLE-FIELD.
 Fear not, ye w bo now press on,
 For the victory shall lie won!
 l’ausc not, I sit increase your speed,
 lu tins march there’s coustant need!
 Seek tlie I ruth, the falsehood scorn,
 Be Love’s banner o’er you borne,
 Be your armor honest w nrth,
 Be vour battlefield tlie earth.
 Here are foes well worth tho fighting.
 Here are wrong* well worth tlie righting,
 Her* are sorrowing la-art* to ble*»,
 Here’s oppressiou to redress;
 line's the field for worthy labor—
 Love to God and love to neighlioi;
 This your battle-field, O Man!
 Conquer it! for well ye can!
 These is One who went before you;
 He it brother —Captain o’er yori;
 He lath fought tbe warfare pending,
 Hi* example is strength trading;
 WhereTle stood, ye too may stand;
 Where He raised, ye raise the ha... 1;
 He bath left the field for glory—
 Be your prompting theme his story.
 NEVER GIVE UP.
 Never gi*« up! ’ij* the secret of glory
 Nothing so wise can (diilosophy preach,
 Think ua tlie names that are tamous in story,
 kiever give up! ’u» the leanou they teach.
 have men compassed immortal achievements!
 JMfm have they mooide.l the world to their will!
 lif tlmt midst dangers, aud woes, and hrreave
 aeatf,
 •fever give up 1 teas their principle still.
0 elections.
RUFFERUIGI OF NONCONFOI.
 ISTSIJV 16A*.
 Never, not even under the tyranny
 of Laud, had the condition of thej
 Puritans been so deplorable as at that,
 time. Never had spies been so active-.
 1y employed in detecting congregations.
 Never had magistrates, grand jurors,
 rectors and churchwardens been sol
 much on the alert. Many dissentersj
 were cited before the ecclesiastical j
 courts. Others found it necessary to
 purchase the connivance of the agents
 of the government by presents of hogs-j
 heads of wine, and of gloves stuffed
 with guineas. It was impossible for
 all the sectaries to pray together with-1
 out precautions such as are employed
 by coiners and receivers of stolen
 f;oods. The places of meeting were
 requently changed. Worship was per-*
 formed sometimes just before break of
 day and sometimes at dead of night.
 Hound the building where the little
 flock was gathered together sentinels;
 were posted to give tbe alarm if a
 stranger drew near. The minister in
 disguise was introduced through the'
 garden and the back yard. In some
 houses there were trap-doors through
 which, in case of danger, he might
 descend. Where nonconformists lived
 next door to each other, the walls were
 often broken open, and secret passages j
 were made from dwelling to dwelling, j
 No psalm was sung; and many con
 trivances were used to prevent the voice
 of the preacher, in his moments of
 fervour, from being heard beyond the
 walls. Yet, with all this care, it was!
 often found impossible to elude the vigi
 lance of informers. In the suburbs of i
 London, especially, the law was en-j
 forced with the utmost rigor. Several j
 opulent gentlemen were accused ol j
 holding conventieles. Their houses
 were strictly searched, and distresses'
 were levied to the amount of many j
 thousands of pounds. The fiercer and
 bolder sectaries, thus driven from the
 shelter of roofs, met in the open air,
 and determined to repel force by force.
 A Middlesex justice, who had learned
 that a nightly prayer meeting was held;
 in a gravel pit about two miles from j
 London, took with him a strong body
 of constables, broke in upon ti'.c as-|
 sembly, and seized the preacher. But!
 the congregation, which consisted of;
 about two hundred men, soon rescued
 their pastor, and put the magistrate and
 his officers to flight. This, however,
 was no ordinary occurrrence. In gen
 eral the Puritan spirit seemed to be
 more effectually cowed at this conjunc-
 ture than at any moment before or
 since. The Tory pamphleteers boast- j
 ed that not one fanatic dared to move j
 tongue or pen in defence of his religi
 ous opinions. Dissenting ministers, j
 however blameless ‘in life, how’ever
 eminent for learning and abilities, j
 could not venture to walk the streets
 for fear of outrages, which were not
 only not repressed, but encouraged, by
 those whose duty it was to preserve the
 peace. Some divines of great fame j
 were in prison. Among these was
 Richard Baxter. Otheis, who had,
 during a quarter of a century, borne
 up against oppression, now lost heart,
 and quitted the kingdom. Among these
 was John Howe. Great numbers of
 persons who had been accustomed to
 frequent conventicles repaired to the
 parish churches. It was remarked
 that the schismatics who had been ter
 rified into this show of conformity
 might easily be distinguished by the
 difficulty which they had in finding out
 tbe collect, and by the awkward man
 ner in which they bowed at the name of
 of Jesus.”
A RANDOM SHOT.
 The Pennsylvanian copies from the
 New York Sunday Times, with ap
 parent satisfaction, an article upon the
 “Slave Trade in Constantinople,”
 which concludes with the following
 paragraph:
 Here we see the reverse of the
 picture; the black brutal master selling
 the white beautiful slave, and not a
 Christian voice is raised against the l
 deep damnation of such an act. The
 sympathetic English, so anxious to
 abolish African slavery—the free soil
 American so mad for the freedom of
 the blacks—have not a word to say, a
 hand to lift, or voice to implore for 1
 white Christian female slavery among
 the Mahometans. Who remonstrates
 with the Turks against this barbarity?
 Who demands that the slavery of w hite
 females shall cease in the East? No
 noe. We show off our sympathy at
 home wheae it is not needed. This is
 the world.”
 Have you then, O wise editors, dis
 covered that we have a right to inter
 fere” with “the peculiar institutions”!
 of Turkey, and to remonstrate” against!
 the “barbaiity” and “deep damna
 tion” of selling ichite Christian fe-'
 males” as slaves? We had not looked
 for such dangerous confessions from
 you. Your rashness surprises us,
 gentlemen. Are you not aware that
 the blows you strike against Turkish
 slavery fall heavier on the same system
 in America? When we follow your'
 lead, and have roused the world with
 an agitation against the social rela
 tions of master and slave” in Turkey!
 what is to be the fate of our own slave 1
 system? Do you think it will endure
 the moral earthquake which opens the
 prison doors in Constantinople Your
 Southern masters will not thank you for
 fulminating damnation” against their
 practices, nor for teaching us such'
 incendiary iessoijs, nor for abusing their’
 respectable allies, (almost the only
 supporters they have in other nationsi
 the Turkish slave traffickers. They
 will fear, though you do reverse the
 old proverb, and teach us to begin our
 “charity” in Turkey instead of at
 home” that it will not end there; that
 in casting your fire-brands across the
 Atlantic to destroy Mohammedan Sla
 very, some sparks will fall into their
 own system and explode. It is highly
 impudent in you to denounce even in
 directly, the barbarity” of our liege
 lords, the harem keepers of the South
 and they bare good reason to arraign
 you for plantation mutiny. Call you
 this backing your friends?” It will not
 avail you to say you have not designed
 your words to apply to New Orleans and
 Washington traders in white Christian
 females,” for the practice is as bar
barous” and damnable” on tbe Miss
 issippi and Potomac as on the
 Bosphorus; and like the lawyer of old,
 they may exclaim thus saying yon
 condemn us also.” We thank yon for
 the implied acknowledgement that it is
 our right and doty to condemn and de
 nounce barbarities” without regard
 to national limits. However you may
 have intended to smite us, your hand
 falls alone upon slavery. We are
 encouraged to apply ourselves with
 new zeal to pluck the beam of slavery
 from the eyes of our own nation, thatj
 we may see clearly to take tbe motes
 of oppression from the eyes of others.—
 Penn. Freeman.
AN EGYPTIAN MAGICIAN.
 Being myself a very good mesmeric
 subject, I asked one of my friends to
 tell the old man that I had seen curi
 ous things done in England, and knew
 the truth of such clarivoyance as he
 professed to show, and that I would
 take the boy’s place. I knew he would
 refuse, and plead some good reasons
 against it; but I desired my friend to
 take no refusal. The old man pres
 ently said I might do as 1 liked, but be
 did not think it would succeed. More
 charms and incense were burned, my
 hand was duly scoured with ink and
 the usual pool poured into the palm,
 'and I faithfully gazed into it. In two
 minutes the sensation came, though
 there was no hand upon my head. The
 magician is a powerful, and no doubt,
 unconscious mesmeriser. Presently I
 began to see such odd things in the
 pool of ink—it grew so large before my
 aching eyes and showed such strange
 moving shadows and clear symmetrical
 figures and intersecting lines, that I
 felt uncertain how bng I could com
 mand my thoughts and words, and,
 considering the number of strangers
 present, I thought it more prudent to
 shake off the influence while I could,
 than to pursne the experiment. The
 perfumes might have some effect,
 though I was insensible to them, and
 so might the dead silence and iny
 steadfast gazing into the ink; but there
 was also a strong mesmeric influence
 present, lam certain. I hope it will
 not be long before some satisfactory
 course of mesmeric experiment, like
 that so triumphantly pursued by Dr.
 Esdaile, in India, is instituted in Eg)pt,
 or at Jerusalem, with Arabs for sub
 jects.—Miss Martineau.
Anecdote of Lamb.—“ Coleridge,”
 says De Quincey, told me of a
 ludicrous embarrissment which Charles
 Lamb’s stammering caused him at
 Hastings. Lamb had been medically
 advised to a course of seabathing; and
 accordingly at the door of his bathing
 machine, whilst he stood shivering with
 cold, two stout fellows laid hold of him,
 one at each shoulder, like heraldric
 supporters: they waited for the word of
 command from their principal, who
 began the following oration to them
 Hear me, men Take notice of this
 —I am to be dipped.’ What more he
 would have said, is unknown to the
 land or sea-bathing machinist; for
 having reached the word dipped, he
 i commenced such a rolling fire of l)i—
 di—di—di, that when at length he des
 -1 cended a plomb upon the full word
 dipped, the two men, rather tired of the
 j long suspense, became satisfied that
 they had reached what lawyers call the
 operative’clause of the sentence; and
 i both exclaiming at once, *Oh yes, sir,
 we’re quite aware of that, —down they
 plunged him into the sea. On emerg
 ing Lamb sobbed so much from the
 cold, that he found no voice suitable To
 his indignation; from necessity ne
 seemed tranquil; and again addressing
 the men, who stood respectfully listen
 ing, he began thus Men !is it pos
 sible to obtain your attention?’—‘Oh
 surely sir, by all means.’ Then listen:
 once more I tell you, I am to be di—di
 —di— and then, with a burst of in
 dignation, ‘dipped, I tell you’ ‘Oh
 decidedly, sir,—and down the stam
 merer went for the second time. Petri
 fied with cold and wrath, once more
 Lamb made a feeble attempt at expla
 nation—‘Grant me pa —pa —patience;
 iis it mum—um —murder you me—me
 —mean Again and a—ga—ga—
 gain, I tell you I’m to be di——di—-di—
 dipped, now speaking furiously, with
 the voice of an injured man. Oh yes,
 sir,’ the men replied, we know that—
 we fully understand it,’ —and for the
 third time down went Lamb into the
 sea. Oh, limbs of Satan!’ he said,
 on coming up for the third time, it’s
 now too late to tell you that I ain—no,
 that I ha*—to be di—di—di—dipped
 once.
An Indian Expedient. —While a
 man and his family, a wife and several
 children, in a small canoe, were cros
 sing a large bay, a shark rose near his
 canoe, and, after reconnoitring a short
 time, swam towards it, and endeavored
 to upset it. The size of the canoe,
 however, rendered this impossible; so
 the ferocious monster actually began
 to break it to pieces, by rushing forci
 bly against it. The Indian fired at the
 shark when he first saw it, but without
 effect; and, not having time to re-load,
 he seized his paddle, and mode for the
 shore. The canoe, however, from the
 repeated attacks of the fish, soon be
 came leaky, and it was evident that
 in a few minutes more the whole party
 would be at the mercy of the infuriated
 monster. In this extremity, the Indian
 took up his youngest child, an infant
 of a few months old, and dropped it
 overboard; and, while the share was
 devouring it, the rest of the party
 gained the shore.— Ballantyne's Hud
 son's Bay.
Axtiquity.— The stalking horse on
 which kuaves and bigots invariably
 mount when they want to ride over the
 timid and credulons. Never do we
 hear so much palaver ebout the time
 hallowed institutions, end approved
 wisdom of our ancestors, as when at
 tempts are made to remove some staring
 monument of their folly. Antiquity is
 the young miscreant, the type of com
 mingled ignorance and tyranny, who
 massacred prisoners taken in war, sac
 rificed human beings to idols, burnt
 them as heretics or witches, who be
 lieved in astrology, demonology, sor
 cery, the philosopher's stone, and every
 exploded folly and enormity, although
 his example is still gravely urged aa a
 rule of conduct, and a s»iuU ß g argu
 ment against innovation —that is to say,
improvement. If tbs seal of time were
 to be tbe signet of truth, there is no
 absnrdity, oppression or falsehood, that
 night not be recieved as gospel; while
 the Gospel itself would want the more
 ancient of Paganism. Never was the
 world so old, and consequently so wise
 ss it is to day; but it will be older, and
 therefore still wiser to-morrow.
Experience.— The poet can no more
 write without having suffered and
 thought, than the bird can fly in an
 gnhaiistf il air pump. He must learn the
 chords of ths everlasting harp before he
 can draw sweet music from it. But he
 can draw sweet music from it. But he
 cannot play while he is learning; he
 cannot write while his heart is bleeding.
 If he attempts it he will but utter inco
 herent sobs.. He must wait until that
 suffering has passed into memory.
 There it will work, fortifying the soul
 with its examples, not tearing it with
 thorns. He must wait till suffering be
 come spiritualized, by losing a portion
 of tbe sensual pain before he can
 transmute it into poetry; because in the
 divine world of art all is ideal, even
 tears; and in its battles no real blood
 flows from the wounded soldier but
 celestial ichor from the wounded god.
ICJ** Ohe jam satis, we say to the
 Washington agitators of slavery. We
 have had enough of it. Go to work.
 Gabble, prate, do anything but talk the
 week in and the week out upon slavery.
 Slavery for breakfast, slavery for din
 ner, and slavery for supper, is a little
 too much even of a good thing; and
 much less of that which, in itself, is
 gootT for nothing, and which, in its
 constant repetition and agitation, would
 become nauseous, if ever so good.
 The taste wearies upon one ever re
 curring topic. Congress ceases to be
 interesting when there is no novelty in
 its scenes, and when its speeches may
 be stereotyped day after day.—[N. Y.
 Express.
 We have not had enough of it, and
 we shall continue to have more, and
 more, until slavery is abolished from
 the capital and our country, and from
 our world. We cannot have too much
 of a good thing, especially when that
 good thing is the right of man to life,
 liberty, and the pursuit of happiness.
 Agitate, agitate, agitate, until slavery
 is no more. Dish it up for breakfast,
 dinner, and supper, and then take it
 for lunch. Make it nauseous even to
 the taste of so arrant a ‘doughface’ as
 the Editor of the Express. Give it no
 peace—let it have no rest —stir it up,
 morning, noon, and night; and hold it
 up in all its deformity, until its votaries
 become sick of it. —Cleveland True
 Democra*
Sound Doctrine —The Chronotype,
 in answer to the question Who is to
 blame,” for the recent outburst of
 rowdyism in New York, occasioned by
 the prize fight, says:—
 “We answer, the men who reward
 fighters with office. Tom Hyer’s fight
 with Sullivan was almost infinitely more
 honorable than our recent natinnal
 fisticuff with IVrexico. There was a
 semblance of justice and fairness about
 it. The national melee was dastardly.
 Yet the chief victor of such a fight is
 held up to the multitudes by statesmen
 and divines as having in that very war
 achieved a glory which entitles him to
 the highest honor and most important
 trust in the nation. This rowdyism at
 tendant upon the Hyer and Sullivan
 affair is precisely the whirlwind which
 we are reaping for having sowed Rough
 and Readyism. To talk of checking
 this evil by legislating penalties against
 prize fights is quite stupid. Our Whig
 legislators cannot possibly, from the
 nature of the case, do any such thing.
 They have estopped themselves by
 supporting a national pugilist for the
 Presidency.”
Hero Worship. —The inconsisten
 cy of man is vast. People who cond
 demn Hyer and Sullivan, which they
 are abstractedly right in doing, are
 ready to fall down and worship one
 who has rode in triumph over some
 famous slaughter-field and cut his name
 with his sword into the surface of the
 earth so deep, that nothing save a great
 physical convulsion can record. All
 creation owns the warrior, and the
 great mass of mankind, like D’lsraeli’s
 Sidonia, worships the Lord of Hosts;
 and a man is sure of success in this
 world, in precisely the same proportion
 that he has, to use Jean Paul’s idea,
 applied the battle sword, that cupping
 glass to the overful system of mankind.
 Wellington would carry the day in a
 Peace Society itself against Jay and
 all his supporters. Napoleon would
 not have been the less an able man,
 had he never pulverized the Austrians
 in Italy; but it was owing to that pul
 verizing that he became chief of
 France, and was enable to “flax ont”
 all the kings and rulers of Europe.
 The surest road to civil success in this
 country, is straight across the bloodiest
 battleground that can be scared up,
 and we would back a frontiers’ man
 who had killed his Indian, against
 Webster or Calhoun, or Clay or Cass,
 any day in the year. The highly res
 pectable gentleman who is now on the
 eve of entering tbe Presidency, owes
 his promotion to his most undoubted
 “pluck,” to his display of “gamey”
 qualities in the Mexican war, in which
 he destroyed every general that had the
 audacity to enter the ring against him.
 —Boston Times.
Woman’s Devotion* —A man who
 had straggled with a malignant disease,
 approached the crisis in its stage on
 which his life depended. Sleep, un
 interrupted sleep, might insure his re
 covery; his anxious wife, scarcely
 during to breathe, was sitting by bis
 bed; her servants exhausted by con
 stant watching, had all left her; it was
 past midnight; a door was open for air;
 •he beard, in the stillness of the night
 a window open below stairs, and soon
 with his face disguised entered
 tha room. Anticipating the design o
 the unwelcome intruder, she pointed to
 her husband, and pressing her fingers
 upon her lip to implore silence, held
 oat to the robber her purse and keys.
 To her surprise, he took neither. Whe
 ther be was terrified or charmed bj the
 courage of affection cannot be known.
 He left the room, and without robbing
 a house sanctified by such strength of
 woman's love.
2U&gt;»crtifltmentfi.
iMMrUit tt Finers.
 IDE’S Patent WWd CakiTtior wl Wi tt Gram
 TVrm. IVPniniyirißhßcbjrMbraNi
 iktt Lean* Patent fere baaa taken oalbr tkr Bnb
 •Briber far kia nwent gran in ffcr nrn
 -*—inafanaii .fTii i nrriTi
 an inyrueiiurt w M m entirely nv.hu.—.m
 *br •y**wn of train, by rwfacinf the expease
 one-talf or nwm. Wkmwr ibj fan bn nm-
 Anstd, they have art the decided approbation of
 an the fallowing cartiicaten front the iatol
 bfwt Md practical farmers orbone aa*e* are
 ■barbed, lUndudy ahow:
 CERTIFICATES.
 Tbi* way certify that we, the Sobacrihers, bare
 •era aad used the Patent Wheel Cahimtor, invented
 Nat.an Io«, of Sbufcy, Ortenaa Co., New
 York, aad believe it to be, an a labor-aaving ma
 one of the granteat improvement* of dir ape.
 By it, a fanner ran pat in front ten to fifteen acre*
 more of wheat in a rear, with the aune amount of
 jenat labor; be ran ako sow if ia much better order.
 Ry it also Canada thistles aad other aoxisms weeds
 may be totally extirpated. Said machine ia ao coo
 *trurted that it can be regelated to go any depth, by
 mean* of screws on the upper part of the machine,
 and thus either plow up ile ground thoroophly, or
 J®* brush the mrfarr. Upon the whole, we
 dunk it decidedly the beat machine ever invented for
 pulverizing the ground ami facilitating the labor of
 the Fanner, ami a* such we cheerfolK recommend it
 to our brother farmer*.,
 James 11. fledley, James Ide
 Enos Newman, John Stevens,
 John C. Wheeler, Harte* Hedlev,
 Gardner Berry, James P. Anderson,
 Shelby, Co., April 28, 1848.
 J We, the nmlersigned, purchased one of Nathan
 I Ide’s Patent Cultivators last Fall, aad frond it
 answer tbe purpotfe so well, that we bara this Sewing,
 made purchase of another. We can with this Plow
 I P«T»re with two bones, eight acres of land per dav
 for wheat, and it is much better done thau by thei
 old plows; and the land pepared by this Cultivator
 will yield 5 bush, per acre more.
 ELI CHURCH.
 Riga, June, 1848. DENNIS CHURCH.
 After these testimonials, the Subscriber deems it
 unnecessary to enter into a long and elaborate des
 cription of the implement, with its various inodes of
 operation. To be fully appreciated, it must he seen
 and used. No farmer who fully understands his
 interest will lie without one, as it is an invaluable
 implement.
 NATHAN IDE, Patentee.
 Shelby, Orleans Co., N. Y., July 1848.
 IDE’S Patent Cultivator is manufactured by
 1 LEVI WELLS, Buffalo Street, near the Bull’s
 Head, Rochester, N. Y., where farmers are invited
 mine for themselves.
ROCHESTER SHOB AND LEATHER
 JOBBING BtOfTSB.
 THE Buljscribers at No. 22 State street, take plea
 sure in announcing to the public that they liave
 completed arrangements by which they are enabled
 to offer the most satisfactory inducements to. all en
 gaged in the sale or manufacture of Boots and Shoes,
 to come to this market for a supply.
 They are also offering on the most favorable terms,
 a large stock of Sole and Upper Leather, Kip, Calf,
 and Morocco Skins, with a full assortment of Find
 ing,' including Lasts, Pegs, &amp;c. Dealers will find it
 greatly to their interest to examine our stock before
 purchasing elsewhere.
 jylO SAGE PANCOST.
PRINTING PAPER AGENCY.
 WE are Agents for the Buffalo Paper Mills,
 where Paper of the best quality is made from
 pure spring water, very white ami smooth- A sup
 ply of News and Book Paper kept constantly for
 sale by us, at Mill prices, in large or small lots.
 Any size and quality of Paper not on hand, fur
 nished at short notice.
 Printers and others will do well to call and exam
 ine the quality ami price, at No.'6 Exchange st.
 FISHER Co.
 jy2l Booksellers and Publishers.
BRITISH fIRItffCAL
 MTRKATVM.
 SUBSCRIBE EARLY WHILE THE TERMS
 ARE LOW.
 RBPUBLICATION OF
 The London Quarterly Review, The
 Edinburgh Review, The North Rnt
 ish Review, The Westminster Review,
 and Blackwood's Edinburgh Maga
 zine.
 The above Periodicals are reprinted in New York,
 immediately on their arrival bv the British steamers,
 in a beautiful clear type, on fine white paper, ami
 are faithful copies of the originals, Blackwood’s
 Magazine, being au exact facsimile of the Edinlnirgli
 (edition.
 t They embrace the views of the three great parties
 in England—Tory, Whig, anti Radical. Black
 wood” and the London Quarterly” are Tory; the
 Edinburgh Review” Whig; and
 ster Review” Radical. The North British Re
 view” is more of a religious character, having been
 originally edited by Dr. Chalmers, and now, since
 his death, being conducted by his son-in-law, Dr.
 Hanna, associated with Sir David Brewster. Its
 literary character is of the very highest order..
 PRICES FOR 1849, (if subscribed for early.)
 1 For any one of the four Reviews, 03 00 per annum,
 i For any two do 6 00
 For any three do 7 00
 For alf four of the Review s, 8 00
 For Blackwood’s Magazine, 3 00
 For Blackwood ami the 3 Reviews, 9 00
 For Blackwood the 4 Reviews, 10 00
 Payments to be made in all cases in advanc e.
 CLUBBING.
 Four copies of any or all the above works w ill b
 sent to one address on payment of the regular sub
 script ion for three —the fourth copy being gratis.
 EARLY COPIES.
 A late arrangement with the British publishers of
 Blackwood’s Magazine secures to us early sheet* of
 that work, by which we shall he able to place the
 entire number in the haiids of subscribers before any
 Jortion of it can be reprinted in any of the American
 ournals. For this and other advantages secured to,
 our subscribers we pay so large a consideration, that
 we may be compelled to raise the price of the Maga-:
 zine. Therefore we repeat subscrilie early while
 the price is low.” j
 Remittances and communications should be always
 addressed, post-paid or franCed, to tbe publishers,
 LEONARD SCOTT ft CO.
 70 Fulton street, New York.
The r.iRARD life insurance, an
 nuity AND TRUST COMPANY of Phib
 -1 delpbia. Chartered in 18*6—Charter Perpetual;—
 i Capital, *900,000 —Benjamin W. Richard*, Preai
 j dent. Continues to make insurance oa lire*, grant
 t annuities aod endowments, and accept trusts from in
 dividuals, corporate bodies, and court* of justice,
 and execute them agreeably to the desire of the par
 ties, and receive deposits of money in trust or on
 interest.
 The Company add a bonus at stated periods to
 the insurance for life, aadoa the Jidlii of January
 last, an addition was mad to all the policies for life,
 remaining in force and issued prior to January Ist,
 1842, amounting to 10 per cent, on the sum insured
 in policies issued in 18*7; 7j per cent, on policies
 issued in 1838, and in rateable proportions according
 to their respective dates.
 The chief object of an insurance far life is to pro
 vide a sum of money at the death of the party insur
 ed, for the benefit of a widow, children, friends or
 creditors; and it will be seen oa examination of the
 table of rates of the life insurance, which will be
 furnished by the subscriber to all who may feel aa
 interest in the subject, that by paying a fill sum to
 the ofihee every year daring his life, a personamy se
 cure to his ferns hr a very considerable amount at' his
 decease.
 Wherever the system of Life lastnace is properly
 understood, it is extensively adopted, and its great
 advantages to afi, bnt more especially to these who
 depend on their own exertions fer the support of their
 families, or who may be desirions to secure the pay
 ment of a sunt of suarney |o their friends, creditor* or
 children, at their decease, which they aught be oth
 erwise unable to accomplish, that the operation of dm
 symern needs but to he explained to ensure the seri
 ous eousideruliuu of the public.
 la several iaatnaces it has happened that the party
 warned has died shortly after having paid only sue
 or two iastahaaets of the per mi am, when hie family
 have received frum this tdbee dm fell imount fee
 which he hud ineared.
 Full iafarmatiao aa this importaat subject may fan
 S.'SES
 agon of the Girard Life laawnaw Conumey.
 WILLIAM BAKEWELL,
 Babewefi*. Law Buddings.
 Grant street, Pittsburgh.
W M H TOPP. Merchant Tailor, Mg Brand'
 r&lt;*. ii, um.
PROSPECTUS
 iHfrkAß FhrfMitgkal Jnrul.
 o. rosin, EDITOR.
 T[&gt; refarm sad perfect unrsefvns and rear race, is
 the most cashed of wnr fc,. Yh, to do ibis we
 ■MI understand the Human Conatitnffr’t. This
 Phrenology, Pbysndngv aad Vital Magnetism eus
 fanre, and rente expand all tbe laws of our being,
 condition* of happiness, ami constitute the philoso
 pher's stone of I aiversal Troth.
 PHRENOLOGY
 number wifi remain either the analyst* aud
 facatmo »f some (fare no logical faculty, i Host rated by
 Eagraviug, or wi antral on their rembumtiod*:
 mri abe the organization ami character of four dis
 tinguished personage, accompanied by a likeness.
 physiology
 Health I' Life, Tie great instrument of talent vir
 tue and happiness, all of which it augments. To its
 preservation and rasturatitiii, special attention will be
 given.
 magnetism.
 M ilh proctial instrurism, interesting facts, aad
 choice troth* which it uufakls, will he presented in
 this Journal.
 VOING MEN.
 The I Jessing* titry enjoy, the influence they can
 wield, and their preparation fiw ertodurting our’ insti
 tot ions, will farm the ilienic of a series of article*.
 self-improvement.
 YV ho lines not kmg oarnrstly, awl would not strive
 assiduously, to cultivate his’ natural powers, aud
 render house It letter and more happy I To such,
 ench number will he a prompter aitfi text-hook.
 TERMS— invariably in advance ONE DOLL
 AR A YEAR.
 SAMPLE NUMBERS of this Journal will he
 seiß GRATIS, wlien desired.
 To receive attention, letters ami onlers must Iw
 POST-PAID, and directed to
 FOWLER A WELLS.
 No 131 Nassau St.. New York
WILLIAM B. LOGAN, Dealer in Fashionable
 Boot* and Shoes, 80, Purchase Street, New
 Bedford.
 \V. B. L. keeps constantly on hand a good assort
 ment, and will sell cheap for cash. Strict attention
 Ei id to custom-made work, by Messrs. Parker and
 avis
NORTHAMPTONJYATER CURE.
 I llectricity aad Hydropathf.
 THE public are respectfully informed, that since
 the philosophical deductions of the learned Dr.
 Means, of Emory College, Gn., and the| scientific
 experiments of i&gt;lr. Meinuier of England,* have
 recently ami indubitably established (he fact, that
 the conclusions at which the undersigned arrived hv
 the sense of touch, in 1844, are in harmony with
 natural and physiological laws—to wit, that (In
 human body, in a healthy condition, is in u positive
 electrical state, and that the electrical emanation*
 from the euticular surface, indicate health, or the
 symptoms aad character of discns«—tlwrc is some
 reason to hope, that certain physicians, ignorant of
 these principles or natural laws, a knowledge ot
 which is essential to the safe and intelligent practice
 of the healing art, will cease their vociferations
 against the positive electrical state, of the
 human body, and will hesitate to dissuade tliose
 whom they have failed to relieve of their complaints,
 from seeking nature’s remedy at the Northamp
 ton Water Cure. Thus sustained by the light
 of science, the undersigned may lie permitted here
 to repeat his experience, that, in all rases where the
 wrist, stomach, or lungs, are in tlie electro-negative
 condition, tlie patient is beyond the power of water
 to afford relief. On the otlier hand, when the parL-*
 of tlie body alluded to, are in the electro-positive
 state, however disarranged, tliere is ground to hope
 for a cure.
 Had not the results of past years’ practice
 already convinced tlie public of the safety or trutli
 fulness of the principles by w hich the undersigned is
 governed, in detecting the symptoms and character
 f of disease, and practising the cure, the recent scion
 tific demonstration of their correctness, by Professoi
 Means and Mr. Heminer, could not fail to convince
 j tile most incredulous.
 Gratefully appreciating the credit so generously
 l awarded for his success is a Hydropathic Practi
 j tioner, by a discerning public, and the gratitude
 1 evinced by tliose whom lie has had the pleasure lu
 i relieve of their complaints, the undersigned will
 assiduously endeavor to sustain the credit, and merit
 tiiat gratitude, in the case of every invalid who may
 afford him an opportunity to effect a cure, by his
 original and philosophical inetliod of practice.
 The Northampton Water Cure is pleasantly situ
 ated near Bensonville, on the we.n Link of Licking
 Water, or Mill River, about two and a half miles
 from the centre of tlie town. It is conveniently
 arranged, w ith separate parlors, liathing and dress
 ing-rooms, for Ladies and Gentlemen, well ventil
 ated and conveniently furnished lodging rooms, and
 a variety of baths, supplied with water, which, for
 abundance, purity, and adaptedness to water-cure
 purposes, is unsurpassed by that of any other esta
 blishment in this country. Tlie scenery in this
 vicinity is picture sqne and romantic Tliere are a
 variety of pleasant walks, sufficiently retired, to
 allow water-cure patients to ap|iear as they sliould,
 plainly dressed, enjoying their rambles’ without
 lieing exposed to public gaze or observation
 Among the complaints which are liere successfully
 treated, are lieadache, tendency of blood to tlie I lead,
 cold extremities, general and nervous debility, bron
 chilis, pulmonary affection, liver complaint, jaun
 dice, acute or chronic inflammation of tlie Ixiwels,
 piles, dyspepsia, general debility, nervous and spinal
 a fleet ions, inflammatory and chronic rheumatism,
 neuralgia, sciatica, lame limbs, paralysis, fevers, salt
 rheum, scrofulous and erysipelas humors.
 All patients wlw&gt; visit this establishment for a
 course of treatment, should furnish tiiemselves with
 three comfrftables, three woollen hlaukets, one or
 two linen and three cotton sheets, two pillow rases,
 six or eight crash towels, some well worn linen, to
 cut for fomentations, an old cloak or mantle, au um
 brella, and a pair of slqipers.
 Terms for treatment and Imard are 05 50 to 1
 08 50 per week, payable weekly—washing extra,
 i A patient who from rlmice or tlie character of his'
 complaint, occupies a room alone on the third floor,*
 wiilv'iy 08 00 per week—on the first ami second
 i floors, 08 50 per week. Patients requiring extra
 j attention or fire in their rooms, (except frr swath- 1
 ing purposes,) will furnish their ow n uurses and fuel,!
 or |&gt;av an extra price.
 D. KUGGI.ES.
 Northampton, March 1848.
 N.B. Visitors to the Establishment, from the
 east, west, or south, ran take tlie cars of the Conn.
 (River Railroad at Springfield. Carriages will'
 always be in readiness at tlie Northampton dci&gt;ot, to
 convey tliem hither.
 Tbe human blood, in a normal and healthy con-'
 dition of the human system, ia in a positive state,,
 which is constantly maintained by tbe activity of tls- 1
 generating soorees within—an exress generally paw
 mg off in silence from die euticular surface, so tnat
 out of 366 experiments made by Mr. Heminer of
 England, upon the uncovered skin,** 322 indicated
 the presence of positive electricity. This surplusage
 of tlie fluid upon tlie surface, we believe to he indis
 prnsable to the heahhful condition of tlie wltofe:
 animal economy, and that when, from any cause, is
 ee diminished »»r ceases, diseased action ensues
 Geoaddress, delivered before the Medical College of
 a "fining of its annual session, Nov.
 8, 1847, by A. Means, A.M., M.D., Professor of‘
 Chemistry and Pharmacy, and Professor of Physical
 Science in Emory College, Ga., page 25 I
AT MI. W ATI (Cl B,
 THE Subscriber begs leave to call tie attention
 of Invalids, nmeciylly those suffering from
 chronic disease, to hi* hydropathic esuMiskinent in
 Atbol, Mass.
 liia kune was opened for Uie reception of patient*
 la»t season, and it is believed offers exwliut foriii
 tws for aphilosophjc and thorough course in hydro
 The sapply of water is alnuidant, and in
 P ari t J been pronounced equal to water on a
 distilled.'* The location is quite eligible, being fail
 a short distance from the V. It M. railroad. The
 vicinity abounds in a variety of scenery, and has
 charming grounds for walks and rambles. Mo that
 with the water, suitable regiaaea, mountain air, anti
 pniicnu can scarcely foil to obtain the
 bealthfoi results for which they tabor.
 The following eaae ilaetrafcs this remark. Mrs.
 8., wife of Dea. 8., of Warwick, Mass., aged
 about thim dive years, was brought to me Lst
 Her rase presented the fUloaiof phcao-
 I* placed in an erect position, and left us
 •otported, she forthwith foil backward to the
 P®""' W*| wll supported, she made aa
 «w*r foot, when carried forward,
 ilcspitc her efforts to (he contrary, would crons the
 iithrr. She had hem in this condition nearly a
 Her treatment commenced the Ifith of Sept.,
 to (foe 2Sth Oct. only, when she
 recwercffl m lo lie able lo waft ball'
 Jiikvnhefeies Muaee ber return lo bar fcmiH, »tw
 hm&gt; &lt;—tinned her forth., with coneapomW i»
 proremeat to her health. She oewatiendTTo he.
 itnmesOe duties, and with the asswtaare of a small
 pH, dees the work of her fomily.
 Patients are desired to faring three comfortables,
 pair of wooden blanket., oar pair of shaets,
 towels ararked, with old fiats for
 *Vr*J*°~*** **?rrj-*fc, n«nerd
 neeeeuuas or choMw ef the patients
 ■mm who ate lees particular ia the sataetiuaot
 roernm, or are wiling to occupy them ia
 With others, will be charged Wwe.
 Athol, March, Id#. UKXUiB HOJT.
rOVERTY:
 ITS ILLEGAL CAUSES AMD LEGAL
 CUBE.
 T LYSAffDKJt SPOOLER.
 Thf Albany Patriot r*U* it— A nent pamphlet of
 1W page*—a very remarkable pr.iduriron.”-
 Whrtkff all the MtKiuiium of Mr. Spoonrr
 would he rralimd In the full mloptioa of hi* theory,
 we do not here *tnp to ervpure hat we heart ih roar.
 Brad hi* endeavor to the notice of ail who Lae a
 transparent C*rriMr diction—intrepid independence—
 original thought—and entire frwoai from the rant
 'of sect or party. Asa judicial writer, hr ha* a depth.
 a compass, far beyond any one whose production*
 have met our eve in a long time.’*
 Hunt’# Merchant’* Magaxine sav#—“ It abound*
 in bold and original thought*. The illegal ratines of
 poverty- are stated, ami a ntanher of important propo
 sition* hearing on thr stdjcct laid down; and. oa the
 whole, we eoosiiler it a work well worth studying—
 affording as it does many Tahwhfe bint* to the slates*
 iwin and political economist.”
 The Bangor Gaaettesays— Aa aide ami certain
 lv original work, iann the pen of Lvsander Spooner,
 £«q. —nnthor of tlmt powerful hook which demon
 strate* the imconstiiutMinaJiiy of American Slavery.
 There is iki writer of the age, of logical acumen n»fr
 searching than Spooner.,’ Thi* new work is «lr«-
 tined to lead to a re-examination of all former sys
 tem* of political economyAt first blush his eco-
 proposition* strike ns as sustainable—ami it
 they an' so, his work will prevail, and produce an
 import-uit revolution in tiie |*r*eni prevailing »v»
 tem.
 Every one should read it.”
 BEI.A MAKSiI, Publisher, Ho-i-m.
 Pan 1. Price 25 Cent*.
 Hart's tumble Extract
 Is the only remedy that can Ic relied on for tlie
 permanent cure of Spasmodic Contractions, Inrita
 lion of the Nerves, Nervous or Sick lirudachc
 Nervons Tremors, Neunijgic Affections, (ientri
 Debility, Deficiency id Nervous ami Pln-ical Ener
 gy, and all Nervous Disortlcrs, including tlie most
 dreadful ot all disease* dial a fleet the imuian rare
 Fptlejai/, or Falling Si, trass.—Hysterical Kits,
 Convulsion*. Spasm*. &amp;c |f i* well known, that
 from time inmirunn ial, Physician* have pronomieed
 Epileptic Fits incurable. It has baffled all iheir
 skill, am) the boasted power of all medicine, and
 consequently dtousand* Live soft* red through a mis
 erable existence, ami at last yielded i.p their lives on
 die Altar of Insanity. —Tlkj proprietor of the Veget
 able Extract, however, feels no delicacy in saying
 that it can l&gt;e cured. He would, therefore, re*|*ct
 fullv invite physicians, ami all others who are inter
 ested, to examine the testimony w hieli i» lu re often-d.
 If it is deception, let it la- exposed but if it i*
 true, then in the name of humanity, no longer let n
 he said that is incurable.
 Heart's Vegetable Extract.—Vor sixteen years,
 has been tested by many person# who have sutTerrd
 with diis dreadful disease, ami in every case where
 it lias had a fair trial, tins effected a |terinaiKiil
 cure.
 Col. Denslowof Yonkerv, New York, states that
 his daughter has In n afflicted w ith Kits for more
 than nine years, and has been cured by the use of
 die Vegetable Extract.
 Mrs. J. Hrudev, 115 Orchard street, New York,
 states that she luis lieen subject to Fits for many
 years, and has been restored to |&gt;erfert health (alter
 every oilier means had tailed) l&gt;y tlie use of die
 Vegetable Extract.
 l&gt;r. Charles A. Brown, of Dover, Russell co.,
 Alabama, who is one ol the Ivhi Physicians in die
 State, says dial he lias lieen much henefitted by tlie
 use of tlie V egetable Extract, ami that lie unhesitat
 ingly prescrilies it in every case of Epilepsy w Inch
 comes under his knowledge.
 Curtis G. Mayberry, Esq., formerly Postmaster
 at Lime Mill*, Crawford Co., Pa., uow living in
 Erie Co., Pa., states that for many yarn past Is
 has been sorely afflicted with Fits, ami he is now
 happy to state that a persevering use of Dr. Hart’s
 Vegetable Extract, has restored him to sound health,
 being entirely freed from that worst of all diseases.
 Judge Randall, ft', loti Henry street, ftew l urk,
 having used the Vegetable Extract successfully in
 his family, highly recommends it to all persons who
 are afflicted with Fits.
 M. Stephen E. Pratt, corner of Sixth Avenue
 ami Twenty-Sixth street, New York, states that
 Mr. Chas, 11. Boughton, a memlier of his family has
 been so severely afflicted with Epileptic Fit* ha
 tunny years, that lie was obliged to relinquish his
 business. Having used Dr. Hart's Vegetable Ex
 tract (says Mr. Pratt,) he was soon restored to
 perfect health, and left this city lor the Slate ot
 Ohio to resume his business.
 Rev. Mr. Smith, Rectfir of St. Peters Cluircn.
 Spots wood, New Jersey, who has lieen afflicted
 with Epileptic Fits for more than forty years, stale*
 that he has used Dr. Hart’s Vegetable Extract, ami
 his health has been so much improved that he hope*
 by Divine blessing, to have no more Fits.
 Ejslrptic Fits. —For twenty-seven years ami six
 months, cured by the use of this tmly wonderful
 medicine.
 Read the following remarkable case of the son of
 Wm. Secure, Esq, of Philadelphia, afflicted uitli
 Epileptic Fits twenty-seven years and six months
 After travelling through England, Scotland, Ger
 many anti France, consulting the most eminent
 physicians, and expending for medicine, medical
 treatment ami advice three Uiousaad dollar*, retimed
 w ith his son to this country in Novetnlier last., w ith
 .ut receiving any benefit whatever, ami was’cured
 by using Hart's Vegetable Extract.—l have smut
 aver three thousand dollars for medicine and medical
 Attendance. I was advisctl to take a tour to Fii
 rope w ith him which I did. I first visited England
 I consulted the most eminent physician* tWie ni
 respect to his case; tliey examined him and prescri
 bedaccordingly. I remained (lure three month*
 without perceiving any change for the letter, which
 cost me about two hundred and fifty dollar*, nod
 Med by the physicians, ami tlie most that I received
 was their opinion that my son case was lioucfe**
 rml Pffsr/dVELY INCURABLE. I acJdmglv’
 left England travelled through Set land, Germany
 and France, and returned Itome i„ the month of
 November last, with my son as far from being cured
 v J*‘ n 1 w V* ur advertisement in one of
 (he New ork papers, and conrlmled to trv Hart’s
 Vegetable Extract, seeing your statement* and
 rertihrates ol *o many cores, some of twenty ai d
 thirty years stiuuling, and I can assure you I am „ot
 wirry I did so, as by tlie u.*e of Hart’s Vegetable
 upTHr. 3 restored t„ PF.Rr’EtT
 H A .V ri Hw reason, which was so far gone as to
 unfit bun for business is entirely restored, with llie
 prosper t now liefore him of life, liealth and useful
 ness. He is now 28 years of age, ami 27 years H
 months of this time lias lea n afflicted w ith this
 most dreailftil of diseases, Istt thank God i* now
 enjoying good liealth.
 Now, *ir, faith without work* I don't believe
 in. To say I shall lie ever grateful to y, M is one
 thing, and a* 1 here enclose you one hundred dollar*,
 I have no doubt hit you will think tin* another ami
 ipiite a different tiling. Tin- .lei* of gratitude 1 still
 owe you; hut please accept this amount as interest
 on tlie deh in advance.
 Yours, very respectfully,
 (signed) WILLIAM SECURE.
 TESTIMONY UPON TESTIMONY
 In reference to the almost miraculous efficacy ol
 tin* truly womferfol medieum, read th Mhming
 letter fro,,, Dr. W.L. Monroe, of Guilford, 0b..,,
 o** of eminent physician* in that place
 Guilford, Oi,io, August 17, I*4«.
 Brother laliorer in the ramie of humauiiy—lfear
 sir: lit* with no small degree of plca*ure tliat I
 am enabled to announce to you tin 1 complete trnunpli
 of your invaluable medicine 1„ cam* of Epilepsy. 1
 have prescribed it in four iiuftam-es m tin* vicinity
 ami it lms lieen highly surce.sf.il in all. Three o
 the patients, 1 trust, liave lieen radically cured.
 I lie fourth one is rapidly iinix-oving, a fM J will, I
 think without &lt;loul* recover. I aro not in tlie habit
 of prescribing or recommending patcut medicines
 l«it when I see an article which promise* so nun h
 for the relief of suffering humanity, I feel my duty
 to recouiineiai it, ami 1 have uo iw-siuiiui iii my
 iff Uau as soon a» die faculty arc fully acquainted
 with die real merit of your medicine, they M j||
 close their eyes against prejudice ami fern I \ou a
 helping hami.
 I siMcribe myself yours, sincerely.
 [.Signed J W. L. MONkOF M
 To Dr. S. Hart, New York.
 ITIF HME l« M7F FAR DIRTANT
 W hen ifeMmaud* who arc now ircuihlu* a^v,
 T? P*®** will ind twrnLneul
 relief ami bn r**tosmJ o, f- ._ i e
 r»fe»»aled
 li'y^ R bJa ?^e7!!t o, A, fU fT «TIKI&lt; ATES
 lh. Hart’s Vex**-
 f. HART, M. D.. New York.
 oo
 Jr
 f»2tii 0 r
 rinnsii fW 1® Mam street, Cm
 n—ti, Ohsn, Ofcod Agent* for the fanned
 T*”’. eunawmiratk*,* must be ad
 itrvwsed Pom Paai.
 Corsaa of Fulton ami William St.
 "J* *«rk.
 5* Mt Korluwtw,
 8. IloOulge, 117 Mam street Buffalo,
 2: for Clevrlnml Ohm.
 f*7 fo Atffbuurne, iUJmstm*,
 80. H Hill, Detroit, Michigan,
 Wai. CWarnghtm, Millwnnkw W Z.
 *fd- T. Panun, Btltaasi low*.
 H- Bkwkslny, and Cq.,T§». I amt* Mo.
