FREDERICK DOUGLASS,
 M. R. I)ELANY, f Editor*
VOL. 11. NO. 12.
The NORTH ST VR is pabli*bed ererr
 Fnduy, at No. 23, Ilalfalo Street,
 (Oppotti* tfu ArcaHt.)
 TERMS.
 I#« ilotlatu [ter annum, ahti y«
 iharription will lie re.*r txrA f&lt;# aW* t**rm Uian
 *i* mom in.
 A&lt;lreriine.ne!it» mu encee-lin? ten haeu iiwerted
 three «ini»* for one .l.tllir; ev. ry imhaeqaewt iu***r-
 Ouu, twentv-fire rent*.
The oluect nf the Mouth Star will \w to attach
 St.AVtRT in all it* form* ami a«p**et!»; adrorale
 I' Mvk ra ai. Emancipation; *alt tie? atamlard
 of Public Moralitt; promote the lOoral and in*
 tellectual improvement of tlie I OIOEID PitoPLE;
 and lia* ten ibe lay of FREEDOM to the Thru
 Millions of our Enslaved Fellow Coor-
 TRm5.
 PUBLISHER’S NOTICES.
 All communication* relating to the btmnw
 m itttrt of tl»e paper, names of subscriber*, reinit
 i i tc xlioiil.l lie aJ'lreaned to Johr Dick,
 Publisher.
 (Tj- Agents, an l all otliers sending names, are
 erpioted to lie accurate, ami give the Put Ofiet,
 he ('aunty, and the Stair. Each Subscrilier i* i*s
 ii» liately credited for money receitred.
 Od" Any |&gt;erson sending in tlie jwyment for four
 snlnwribers, to lie forwarded to one address, may
 have a fifth copy for one year.
 {0 All letter* and comniunicatious must lie post
 paid.
LIST OF AGENTS.
 Massachusetts. —R. F. Walnut, 21, Coruhill,
 Boston; Nathan Johnson, New Bedford; Horatio
 Foster, Ixiwell; James N. Hutfurn, Lynn; (leorge
 Evan*, Worcester llnuroe Spooner, Plymouth;
 (/Itarle* H. Seth, Springfield David Ruggles,
 Northampton; 11. Carpenter, Upton.
 Mai* k. —Oliver Dennett, Portland.
 Vr.RSDRT. —Rowland T. Robinson, Nortii Fer
 risburg.
 Connecticut. —Jonathan Leonard, New Haven
 New If impahirk.—Weare Tappan, Bradford.
 \ew York. —Sydney 11. &lt;ia\, 142, Nassau
 Street; Janie* McCune Smith, 93, West Broadway;
 Joseph Post, Westlniry, (iueen County; Mary Har
 per, Alhiny; Elias Dotv, Maretlon: Willetts Keese,
 prni, Clinton County; William S. Baltimore, Troy;
 J. F. Platt, Penn Van; J. Jeffrey, Geneva; E. L.
 Platt, Bath.
 Khoiie Island. —Amarancv Paine, Providence.
 Pennsylvania.— J. M. M’Kim,3l, North Fifth
 Street, Philadelphia; W. fioines, 8, Exchange
 Place, Ditto; B. Bown,Pittsburgh; Win. Whipper,
 Columbia; Isaac Roberts, Jacob L. Norris
 town, Montgomery County, Milo A. Townsend,
 New Brighton.
 Ohio. —Christian Donaldson, Cincinnati; Wat
 son and Caines, Ditto; Valentine Nicholson, Har
 vevslMirgh, Warren Co.; Samuel Brooke, Salem.
 Michigan.— Roliert Banks, Detroit.
 Indiana. —Joel I*. Davis, Economy, Wayne Co
Communications.
Saratoga Springs, Feb., 184 D.
 Frederick Douglass, Sir:—A few
 weeks since, I saw a communication in
 your paper from Rev. H. H. Garnet.
 As our friend, with yourself, has fre
 quently been engaged in such assem
 blies, and know how difficult it is to
 adopt a set of measures, unless they;
 have previously been considered, and J
 as the subject of Moral Reform has
 so many ramifications, would it not be
 well to specify some particular branch
 which it will be its objeoi to promote? i
 Understand me to offer no objection to
 the suggestion, for 1 feel a deep inter
 est in any such resolution; and I think
 it would be ungenerous and unreasona-:
 hie to suppose that any man is ignorant!
 of the effect of concentrated action in
 u community where the means of the
 people, individually are limited.
 So peculiar is the position we occu
 py, from a multiplicity of causes—those
 causes it is not tny purpose to discuss;!
 but 1 may simply assert, that the
 manner in which our ancestors were
 introduced into this country, that is, as
 servants, and of them the most abject,
 not possessing any knowledge of the
 language of the nation, being kept in
 ignorance of it, and so servile for a
 century or two, as not to excite fear in
 the bosom of the oppressor by mani
 fest restlessness.
 That our situation is different from
 that of all other men, must he admitted.
 No other class of men is subjected to
 the same species of caste; consequent
 ly, our exodus can only be through the
 establishment of new reciprocal rela
 tions. We want Loan and Trust Com
 panies, formed of the united capital of
 our people, that the man of genius and
 enterprise, who has cultivated a knowl
 edge of the sciences or mechanic arts,
 may have the means to engage in his
 Tavorite profession. Do we want to
 engage in commercial enterprise Then
 will we have the facilities for forming
 companies on a permanent basis; there
 by placing our men on the stage of ac
 tion where they will have their faculties
 expanded and fully developed, for it is
 the occupation which controls his mind.
 This is something worth doing. How
 could we face posterity, if nothing is
 done by us to elevate the standard of
 manhood from its present degraded
 situation? True, our parents have done
 much in some instances, by accumu
 lating property and educating theirj
 children; hut what is that compared
 with the obligation which rests upon us?
 Are there any who would ask what
 claims posterity can have on us? Let
 thern look around, and behold the great
 disparity between us fas colored men)
 and the mass of men. How free and,
 unrestrained the one!—how abject and
 degraded the other! Would it not be
 well for some of our leading men to 1
 think of this?
 R. CHAPMAN.
Philadelphia March 10.
 Frederick Dolglass;— l greatly
 rejoiced in reading in ihe North Star of
 Nov. 17 last, an article headed. “The
 blood of the slave on the skirts of the
 Northern People.” Every rational
 mind laborng in the cause of human
 rights, must admit this to he an unde
 niable fact. The people of the North
 like the Egyptian task-masters who
 kept the Israelites in bondage, wield
 the power that rivets the chain upon
 three millions of American citizens
 and lamentable to think that even
 Friends in the city of Brotherly Love,
 distinguished with the plain garb, de
 posited their votes at the recent elec
 tton for a modern Pharaoh, as their
THE NORTH STAR.
1 ruler for the next four years. I hop*
 the North Star will boldly expose this
 hypocrisy in high places, for war auc
 slavery, though both at variance will;
 their creed, has been unhlushinglv pro
 moted by them in elevating Genera!
 Taylor to the Presidency. The earnest
 prayer of my heart is, that you inay,
 like the man Moses, be instrumental ir
 releasing your brethren from thraldom
 Oh, the guilt of this crooked and per
 verse nation, wi:ose salvation methinks
 can never be effected other than by a
 mighty shaking of the dry bones!
 America has, it is true, many valua
 ble institutions within her borders, even
 for those who have the mark on their
 foreheads; yet 1 have no desire to em
 brace her gifts, for they will always be
 covered with blood, until her great sin
 is washed away. I cannot consent even
 that my children should reap the benefit
 of her public schools, aud thus feast
 upon the price of our brother’s blood.
 May those intellectual powers which a
 Heavenly Father has bestowed upon
 you, be daily increased with a double
 portion of his spirit, is the prayer of
 thy brother in the cause of humanity.
 EBENEZER JAMES.
Selections.
From tin* Impartial Citizen.
 rOLORPIIOBIA. —INTERESTING
 CORRESPONDENCE.
 Albany, Jan. G, 1848.
 Mr. Wm. H. Topp —Sir: I intended
 to have seen you, or have written you
 a note, in relation to Mr. Sprague’s
 proposition to you last Friday, to be
 come a member of the Young Men’s
 Association,” but have been so much
 engaged in our removal to our new
 store, that I have been obliged to post
 pone it. I told Messrs. Sprague and
 Naton that they had better see you at
 once, and have the matter withdrawn,
 as 1 should dislike to have it brought
 before the Executive Committee, inas
 much as the same subject had hereto
 fore been brought before them and
 voted down; and knowing well the
 minds of the Committee in relation to
 it—that they would nine-tenths of them
 oppose it, and particularly as you did
 not ask to join the Society, hut was
 asked to do so. I thought best, out or
 respect to your feelings, to decline en
 tertaining the proposition' Subsequent
 ly, at the regular meeting of the com
 mittee, last Saturday evening, Mr. j
 Sprague having stated your wish to have!
 it laid before them, the subject was
 brought up, and the matter disposed of
 by laying it on the table.
 The action of the Committee was
 guided .by the precedent, as it was
 opening the door fur ft subject that
 would cause us much trouble. You
 yourself can perceive it, in consequence
 of the difference of opinion in relation
 to the admission of colored people.
 Allow' me to say to you, as 1 stated
 to Sprague and Norton, that to you,
 personally, I should have no objections,
 hut should like to have you succeed in
 all respects, for I have always esteemed
 you. In this respect the Committee ail
 agreed, and they did not wish, os mem
 bers ot the Executive Committee, to
 introduce a matter that they might be
 in favor of as members of the Associa
 tion, and which might cause the Society
 some trouble.
 Very respectfully,
 GEO. B. STEELE.
Albany, Jan. 20, 1848.
 Mr. Geo. B. Steele, President of
 Y. M. Association—Sir: Your note of
 the 13th is received, informing inc that
 the proposition of my joining the
 Young Men’s Association” was dis
 i posed of by the laying of it upon the
 table, or in other words, the Executive
 Committee through whom persons are
 admitted to the Association, refused to
 admit me. This I was led to expect
 would be the result, after the conversa-!
 tion I had with Messrs. Norton
 Sprague, and other persons, members
 of the Executive Committee; yet in the j
 absence ot action upon the
 case, I could not say that I w as or
 would be rejected—that was one rea
 son why I insisted upon having my name
 submitted, for I was anxious to know,
 for a certainty what would be the result
 of my application. Now, knowing
 it, I can treat the matter understand
 ingly.
 Sir, the colored people of this coun
 try have labored long and severely, un
 der a system of cruel oppression, and
 of the most unjust degradation. Pa
 tient and enduring, they have been
 looked upon, thought of, and treated by
 their fellow-men, even by the lowest
 grades as well as the higher classes of
 society, as fit subjects for them to
 pour upon the most wicked abuses”
 —they have been a hissing and by
 word in town and country—the butt
 of ridicule for all whose better nature
 did not restrain them from indulging in
 the too common custom. Much, very
 much more than is my purpose here to
 enumerate, have the nominally free
 colored people suffered, while those uy
 whom they were made to sutler—those
 by whom they were degraded, heaped
 upon them the more abuses for occupy- 1
 ing the position, forced upon them, that
 of mere outcasts from society. Was
 this state of things always to be the lot
 or condition of the colored people r
 has been the inquiry of many a one,
 who has passed away from the earth
 without seeing one ray ot light to cheer
 their hearts with the hope that the fate j
 of their descendants would be in the
 least degree better. Others have died
 buoyed up with the thought, that how
 ever man might oppress his fellow-man,
 he was a man still, and must possess a
 constituent of that better nature which
 when warmed into action, by those in
RIGHT IS OF NO SEX—TRUTH IS OF NO COLOR—GOD IS THE FATHER OF US ALL, AND ALL WE ARE BRETHREN
fluences which are possessed more or
 less by all God’s creatures, disposes
 his heart to deal justly, and to act upon
 the immutable principle of right.—
 Thus they argued, il the colored peo&gt;
 pie would be respected, let them re
 spect themselves. Did they wish to be
 men, let them stand up, in the majesty
 and dignity of their manhood, and de
 clare such to be their determination,
 and acting consistently with such de
 claration, the time must come when
 they would command the respect and
 esteem of that class who formerly des
 pised them.
 The only legacy left to many of us,
 is the charge enjoined upon us, to be
 something—be more than outcasts from
 society—to work out our own destiny—
 *to let it be demonstrated that we are
 endowed with all the essentials to qual
 ify us for usefulness—to enable us to
 perform deeds of charity and benevo
 lence—that we possess qualities that
 dignify and adorn man—that in a strug
 gle for right we have perseverance and
 moral courage, equal to any emer
 gency; in a word, to force, by our own
 conduct, that current of public senti
 ment so strongly set against us to turn
 in our favor, and bring about an order
 of things strange_and new, yet in them
 selves perfectly natural. Sir# this in
 juuctun has been regarded, and its
 truth in part realized. The era which
 marked the commencement of this new
 order of things has passed by; the in
 cidents connected with the present his
 tory of the colored people show, that
 among the great and the noble, the hu
 mane and the gifted of our land, are
 found those who do not judge of men
 by the mere standard of color and
 clime, but by the more sure guide ol
 their goodness of heart and head.—
 Colored men, true to the purpose that
 God intended them, urged on by the
 hope to realize the full enjoyment ol
 equal rights and equal privileges, have
 buckled on their armor for a moral
 warfare, and they have done valiantly.
 Did they understand the secret of their
 elevation to lie in their being possessed
 of whatever tended to elevate those
 above them ?—they sought for it. Was
 it the acquirement of knowledge, tem
 perance, virtue? N6ed they be skilled
 in the arts and sciences? Was it ne
 cessary that they be doctors, or law
 yers, ministers of the gospel, trades
 men, or mechanics, or farmers; must
 all this be accomplished by them, in
 spite of all the various encumbrances
 which stood up on every side to embar
 rass and discourage them? Yes, steadi
 ly aiming at the great good so much
 desired, despite of every obstacle
 thrown before them, they now possess
 Cie characteristics which distinguish
 t ant! good men arfteng%iher class
 es of our fellow-citizens.
 Bear in mind, sir, under what disad
 vantages this has been accomplished.—
 We wanted trades; mechanic shops
 were closed against us—if we sought i
 the higher branches of learning, the
 doors of seminaries and colleges, the-'
 ological and medical, were barred, and,
 afforded no admittance for us; but by'
 patient perseverance, these difficulties
 are now to a large extent overcome.—
 Friend? have been won on every side.
 On all sides are seen those who are
 coming to aid in establishing justice and
 equality; and, think you, things can
 stop here? Do you not behold in the
 signs of the times, that the old order o.
 things is passing away, which ’doomed’
 colored men with equal mental capaci
 ty, w ith equal physical ability, and pos-i
 sessmg equally acute sensibility, to
 stand back while the car which con
 tained w’hite men was moving on to
 Fame and Honor? Have you not ob
 served that we live in an age of re
 form, and that the errors so tenaciously
 adhered to, through blind prejudice,
 must be abandoned, and place to
 that which the intelligence of the times
 deems right?
 Sir, permit me, with feelings of the
 utmost kindness towards yourself, to
 remark, that the institution over which
 you preside, proves by this precedent,
 here established, to be far, very far,
 behind the age of improvement. The
 act -itself is unworthy the name of that
 body, and will be so regarded by all
 men of expansive minds and liberal
 sentiments in the country. There are
 other institutions, similar to yours, who
 do not think it degrading to admit col
 ored persons as members. I will men
 tion, The Young Men’s Association of
 the City of Troy, which voted H. H.
 Garnet, who is a black man, a life mem
 ber; and one or two Lyceums of con
 siderable repute, in this State, have
 had Mr. Samuel R. Ward, another
 black man, to lecture before them, and
 nothing wonderful is thought cf it, nor
 does their reputation suffer by such a
 course. I have alluded to these in
 stances to show you that others, with
 like objects with your Association, are
 in advance.of you in this respect, and I
 have yet to learn that to them it has
 proven any disadvantage. Now, sir,
 being one of that class who have so
 long felt the iron hoof of prejudice
 grinding upon them, I through motives
 of duty and interest, trusting in the
 goodness and justice of God, shall do
 the little in my power to elevate my
 self and those with whom I am identi
 fied, and to gain those rights which
 have so long been trampled upon and
 denied us.
 For myself, personally, I regard it as
 of no moment, to be denied member
 ship in your Association, on the ground
 of complexion, for I fool myself none
 the less a man, bat to reflect that the
 colored people, in their efforts to im
 prove and enlighten themselves, are re
 pulsed erea by their professed friends,
 is really discouraging; to find our
 friends shrink timidly from maintaining
 principle# which they know and ac
 knowledge to be just. 1 say it ia truly
ROCHESTER, N. Y, FRIDAY, MARCH 16, 1849.
disheartening, and m the bitterness of
 our feelings we are almost tempted to
 doubt the justice of God in permitting
 such things to be.
 Sir, yours is a public institution for
 literary and moral improvement, and as
 such it ought to be sustained, for it
 merits nought for that it does not possess
 —if it is not useful in inculcating c»r&gt;
 rect principles into the minds of its
 members, if it does not carry out prac
 tically the intent and object of its or
 fanization, then the public ought to
 now it.
 There are those you depend upon,
 at home and abroad, who aid to make
 your institution popular, by their lec
 tures, addresses, Blc. they ought to
 know its true character. I address
 you, that through you I may publish
 the fact, through the length and breadth
 of the land, that the T ,aung Men’s As
 sociation, for Mutual Improvement, of
 the city of Albany, gravely refuse to
 admit colored men to membership, no
 matter how elevated their standing may
 be in the community.
 I thank you for your esteem of me;
 even that affords me some little gratifi
 cation; but how much greater would
 be my satisfaction, could the respect
 you have for me, lead you upon all oc
 casions to vindicate the interests of my
 oppressed race, when you know you
 would be acting upon your convictions
 of right. As it has always been my
 desire hitherto to merit the esteem of
 all good men, and particularly those
 with whom business or chance led me
 to have intercourse with, it shall be the
 same in future, and I hope I shall not
 forfeit yours. The day will come when
 to see the records of this transaction
 will make the blush mantle the cheek o.
 those who voted for iny rejection.—
 Hoping to meet with success with a fu
 ture committee, I conclude this note,
 by assuring you I shall not fail through
 lack of perseverance.
 Truly yours, &amp;c.,
 W. H. TOPP.
From the Practical Christian.
 ETHIOPIA.
 We now return into the interior of
 Africa, to Ethiopia, the most distant
 region of the earth, whose inhabitants
 are the tallest, most beautiful, and
 longest lived of the human race.
 (Herodotus.) The old Greek needed a
 lesson from American Republicans
 when he spoke this praise. This is
 probably one of the most pleasant,
 healthy countries in the world; it be
 ing table land, and situated in the equa
 torial region. Innocence and intelli
 gence characterized it ancient inhabit
 ants. Homer speaks in praise of
 Ethiopia’s blameless race,” (llliad,
 lib. l,)and in the Odessey mentions
 that the gods-were tberr guests. From
 Diodorus and others we learn that the
 learned language of the priests of
 Egypt was the common tongue of Ethi
 opia. The traveller, as he ascends
 the Nile, finds the monuments of anti
 quity increase in number and in age as 1
 he proceeds, until hundreds of miles'
 beyond the utmost limits of the kingdom
 of the Pharaohs, he arrives at the
 hoary Meroe, acknowledged to be the
 venerable mother of Thebes and Mem
 phis. Yet even the priests of Meroe j
 considered themselves a colony from a
 people beyond the mountains of the
 moon.”
 Indeed, Ethiopia is always mentioned
 in ancient mythology with the highest
 deference, such as could be due to a
 a nation far exceeding the rest in its
 religion and merit. Many of the most
 learned and sagacious historians
 praise them as the wisest and most
 civilized of men. (Heeren.) The
 supposition that this early glory, which
 even now impels travellers to seek to
 penetrate the desert which renders
 their country inaccessible, that all this
 is a fiction of poets is preposterous.
 These traditions must rest upon a more
 solid foundation.
 From this region the arts, sciences,
 and religion, civilization itselt must
 have proceeded to Meroe and Axum, j
 thence to Thebes and Memphis, and,
 onward to the Delta. Thus arose pow-&gt;
 erful States, using the same language,
 the same writing, the same religion.—
 From these countries knowledge was
 given to the Greeks, and through the
 Romans, has been afforded to the
 moderns.
 We will now close this subject by
 alluding to the condition of the Ethi
 opians of the present day. They still
 have cities, whose bouses are built of
 hewn stone. Melinda is an instance.
 De Gama found the people dressed in
 silk, and as far advanced in architec
 ture as the Spaniards. The interior is
 less known.
 Almeida says of the Moviza—“Tho
 this country is in the heart of Africa, it
 is by no means so barbarous as closet
 geographers are accustomed to depict.
 This remark extends to all the nations
 near like Maravi, at the south-east.—
 Gold is well known to be very abund
 ant so much b* that utensils and chairs
 are often, and we think generally made
 f The Marquis D’Etomville resided
 ten veara a slave in a nation near the
 empire of Droglado, a region more
 civilized than any in its vicinity. He
 says that the policy of their govesn
 ment bears a near resemblance to that
 ofChina.and that like the Chinese, their
 civilization is maintained from the re
 motest times, andi is anterior to that of
 the Egyptians. He examined the his-
 their country, an found their
 sacred books much resembling, in many
 respects, the scriptures. He conceives
 that the book of Genesis was written in
 accordance with the geography of that
 country.” tk _
 M. DonviHe, IWW, ***tod tho
 country of the Mulovn, under the equ
 tor, who wrought copper, nod were
skilled in Carpentry. “The buildings
 are remarkable for the elegance of their
 appearance; the houses are kept in good
 order and far better than those of the
 French peasantry. They hare als
 copper cannon/’ This last attainment
 must be an approach to modern Chris
 tianity. At Yanvo, the capitol, were
 embassadors from a nation further east,
 whom Donville desired to accompany
 home. They would not consent,it being
 a capital offence to bring a foreigner
 thither. This fact tallies remarkably
 well with Swedenborg. Last Judg
 ment, 76, 78.
 Thus much for Ethiopia. Protected
 by Providence with institutions as good
 if not superior to ours; full as good a
 religion; they are exonerated from
 that debasement which the white man
 introduces wherever he goes. The
 gospel carried by missionaries, with its
 sanguinary accompaniments, is inferior
 to that piety, that developing of the af
 fections which exists, though undoubt
 edly in a comparatively adulterated
 state, in the heart of Africa. (Does
 that gospel bless China?) When en
 lightened Europe and Christian Ame
 rica shall attain to a moral and spiritual
 state, high enough to make them worthy
 to associate with this fierce race, we
 doubt not the throwing down of the bar
 riers which divide us from the offspring
 of the silver and the golden ages.
 A. W.
 Verona, N. Y., Jan. 12, 1849.
 MONROE (Mich)SYNOD ON SLAVERY
 The following is the report and reso
 lutions of the committee on the subject
 of slavery:
 Your committee feel that we are
 called upon by the imperious voice of
 the Most High, by everything generous
 and noble in humanity, and by the sub
 lime, moral and philanthropic move
 ments of the age in which we live, to
 lend our influence, as an ecclesiastical
 judicatory, great or small however that
 influence may be, to set aright the con
 victions of our country and the world
 upon the subject of human oppression.
 Slavery, even in our own country, has
 had time to expire, could it ever find a
 natural death. Long time have its ad
 vocates been called upon to yield up
 their unhappy victims. Every motive
 connected with private and social hap
 piness, with mortal and immortal wel
 fare, has been placed before them to
 induce their compliance. That they
 will ?«’ot, how many the proofs—and
 obstinate! No; the heart of the slave
 master will not relent; the statutes of
 the slave code will not grow dim—‘fade
 to whiteness,’never —unless the church
 withdraw from the institution her sanc
 tion and support; yea, till she withhold
 from it her entire sympathy, and place
 upon it the broad Beal,of her strong and
 universal reprobation. This your com
 mittee feel prepared to do, and for this
 purpose propose the passage of the fol
 lowing resolutions:
 Resolved, That all voluntary and
 determined slaveholding, except where
 persons are held in servitude as a pen
 alty for crime, is, in the opinion of this
 body, a sin against God.
 Resolved, That we believe it the
 duty of all philanthropists, and of all
 Christians especially, to avow their de
 cided disapprobation of the system of
 slavery as it exists in the United States,
 and to withhold their entire counte
 nance from all who are, in any way,
 engaged in promoting it.
 Resolved, That the voluntary ar
 rest and re-delivery of escaped slaves
 into bondage is inhuman, forbidden by
 the word of God, aud ought to subject
 those engaged in it to disgrace and in
 famy; and, if nominal Christians, to the
 discipline of the church.
 w Resolved, That we sincerely de
 precate the extension of slavery into
 the free territories of this civilized and
 Christian nation, and will use all our
 religious and political influence, and
 make our fervent appeal to Almighty
 God, the Sovereign of all national des
 tiny, to prevent it.
 Resolved, That we greatly rejoice
 in the example set before us by all
 civilized nations, in their efforts to abol
 ish slavery, and to expand the cause of
 freedom throughout the world
DISSOLUTION OF THE UNION.
 In the Massachusetts House of Re
 presentatives, on Thursday of last
 week, a petition was presented by Mr.
 Greeu, of Milton, from William Jenk
 ins, and sundry legal voters and others,
 of Andover, praying for the peaceful
 secession of Massachusetts from the
 Union, for the reasons weightily therein
 set forth. We happened to be present,
 and were struck with the levity which
 was exhibited by many on the an
 nouncement of the petition and its ob
 ject. They seemed to regard it as a
 capital joke. What though it is a tru
 ism to say, that a State glorying in its
 freedom ought not to be in partnership
 with States glorying in their slavery
 what though the colored citizens of
 Massachusetts, on entering Southern
 ports, are condemned to the chain'
 gang, to fine and imprisonment, and to
 the auction-block—what though the
 State is powerless, and eao give them
 no protection, nor obtain for them any
 redress—what though the Slave Power
 has destroyed the liberty of speech and
 of the press, and the rigid of petition—
 what though, by the Compromises of
 the U. S. Constitution, Massachusetts
 is implicated in all the crimes and hor
 rors of the slave system—what though
 the government was fundamentally sub
 verted by tbe unconstitutional and pro
 fligrate annexation of the alaveholdieg
 republic of Texas—to demand, for these
 reasons, s secession of tbe Common
 wealth from the Union, excites a smile
 of derision. What fetoity!
 Mr. jpcaon moved that the petition be
 read. The Speaker declared the mo
tion to be carried. Doubted, doubt
 ed,” cried many voices. Oi s anding
 up to (be counted, however, up* ards of
 a hundred members responded in the
 affirmative, and only nine in the nega
 tive. The petition was then read by
 the Clerk. Mr. Green said it dt served
 grave and respectfbl consideration, and
 he therefore moved its refer ?nc e to a
 select committee. Mr. Kellogg, of
 Pittsfield, moved that it be n feircd to
 the Judiciary Committee, and it was
 accordingly given that direction.—Lib
 erator.
From the Hartford Republican.
 POSTAGE.
 The prospect of a thorough reform
 io postage (during the present session
 of Congress) grows each day smaller.
 Mr. Dixon's motion to abolish the
 franking system, meets with hostility
 from many members, and we judge
 cannot pass the present House. And he
 must have an unusual endowment of
 hope who can expect that the present
 House will vote away their most highly
 prized privilege. To do this, they must
 needs be conscientious, philanthropic
 men, and Conscience and Philanthropy
 have but few adherents in Congress,
 comparatively speaking. At present,
 the franking privilege is one of the
 moat powerful political engines in the
 country, as through it a flood of politi
 cal documents are scattered over the
 whole land. The manuer in which cer
 tain knowing ones" manage the mat
 ter, is amusing sometimes. For in
 stance, a leading Whig in a country
 town remits to the member for his Dis
 trict a list of the names of the doubtful
 politicians within his knowledge; there
 are always many such in every town,
 and they are generally of a calibre of
 mind fit to be worked easily upon—the
 list is forwarded to Washington, and in
 a few days the doubting ones are pleas
 antly surprised with some public docu
 ment from the Hon. M. C. for their
 District. In multitudes of cases, this
 very notice or attention—for the rcci
 cipient supposes that the Congressman
 thinks him a man of consequence, and
 to be treated accordingly—saves the
 faltering Whig to the party. This
 mode of electioneering, the party tacti
 cians cannot afford to lose, and they
 will not give it up until compelled by
 their outraged constituents. Then, the
 natural love of fame conspires against
 the reform. Many speeches are stitchec
 together in the form of pamphbts a
 Washington, that would r.rur b&lt;
 read were it not for their distrihutioi
 among half-starved politicians in tb
 country.
 In England, not even the Queei
 herself dares demand the right to sem
 a single letter through the mails with
 out paying, even as the poorest clod
 hopper, her penny. The members o
 Parliament, the Peers, the High Chan
 cellors, whatever else they may do
 have not the effrontery to ask for sue!
 a gross infringement upon the rights o
 the people. How it is that members o
 our Congress can have the impudenci
 to cling to this exceedingly unpopulai
 privilege, we cannot see, notwithstand
 ing the many selfish reasons therefor.
 The most ludicrous reason for a con
 tinuation of the present system of higl
 postages was presented to the House
 the other day, by Mr. Cobb, of Ga.—
 He said that it “would flood the .South
 with a copper currency. That, the
 people will not suffer!” The aristo
 cratic South despises a Copper Cur
 rency Cents are too plebeian for them,
 and nothing short of silver dimes ar«
 allowed to cross the frontiers of thal
 land of chivalry and negro-whipping,
 Well, we are certainly in favor of a
 Postage Bill that shall discriminate in
 favor of the South. Let them pay in
 silver to the amount of a handsome
 quarter, if they please—in that mannei
 they may succeed in sustaining theii
 own offices, which they never did yet
 D. W. B.
INDIAN LECTURES.
 A very intelligent, half blood Indian,
 of the Ojibbeway nation, has been de
 livering lectures, in relation to Indian
 wrongs, at the Tabernacle, with con
 siderable success. When Mr. Craw
 ford, of Georgia, some years ago, pro
 posed international marriage between
 the whites and the Indians, there was
 one universal shout of indignation
 raised from one end of the Union to
 the other. And yet Mr. Crawford was
 right. It has since been conceded
 that he was right, for what we see of
 education and civilization among the
 Indians, are among the half-breeds.
 The horror of such a proposition was
 magnified from an apprehension that
 the next step would be amalgamation
 with the blacks; but the uncorrupted In
 dians are a race of intellectual and
 brave people, only corrupted by inter
 course with the whites, who taught
 them to drink, to avoid industry, and to
 neglect that soil which the white men
 coveted, and finally possessed. In a
 few generations, these international
 marriages would entirely destroy the
 Indian race. The Indian lecturer,
 however, has no such object in view.
 He has no desire to see the Indian race
 destroyed by marriage, by small pox,
 rum, or fire-arms; but more particularly
 wishes to bave the United States give
 them a permanent boom, from which
 they shall never be driven, and to each
 man a farm in the far West; where
 they may cultivate the arts of civiliza
 tion, become industrious, pious, sober,
 honest men, and be [represented by
 delegates in Congress. To all of this,
 we say Amen! with all onr bearu. It
 is due, for all we bave despoiled loom,
 for all the vast and valuable tracts of
 country which we bars purchs— &lt;l
 them for a trifle, it ie due to hwnisudy,
 to justice. The lecturer suforred to the
JOHN I&gt;ICK. I’csLUHsa.
WHOLE NO. 64.
apathy everywhere exhibited toward*
 the fate and condition of the poor In
 dian, and said that a lecture in the
 Tabernacle for the blacks, would en
 sure a full audience; but there was no
 sympathy for the poor Indian.—Morn
 ing Star.
XIGHTIMCALE AXD ExcHAXTRES*.
 Sweden has made herself a home in
 English hearts by means of her favored
 daughters— Jenny Lind and Frederika
 Bremer. Bright and evanescent as the
 summer rose, the gift of the songstress
 must, in the nature of things, pass
 away from the earthy and be no more
 heard, save in the memory of the
 present generation, who will speak of
 it in old age to their children as one of
 the glorious lights which gave the
 purple lustre” to their youth. Less
 bright but more enduring than those
 tnagic tones, that might
 Wake a soul uatier the rihe of death,”
 the written words of Frederika Bremer
 steal gently into our homes and make
 themselves an abiding place with us,
 with our children, and with our chil
 dren's children. This, too, is in the
 nature of things. We have an affini
 ty with the Scandinavian ways of think
 ing and feeling upon all important aud
 essential subjects, and therefore it is
 that a dissimilarity between our ways
 and their ways, in superficial and unim
 portant matters, is full of charms for us;
 we call it fresh and novel and agreea
 ble. If the dissimilarity were radical,
 we should call it unpleasant, shocking,
 and intolerable, even in its most trifling
 manifestations. In shor', it is because
 the gods of the Northern nations are
 our gods,” that w’e do not quarrel with
 them when we find their ways are
 not our ways.” —Douglas Jert'old.
j Mrs. Hemans. —An essay in a late
 i number of Blackwood, on Mrs. He
 mans, contains, some interesting partic
 ulars of her private history. The
 following is an extract:
 Not long after the first publication
 of her poems, the next great event of
 t her life took place—her introduction to
 [lCapt. Hemans. The young poetess
 was then only fifteen, in full glow of that
 ,1 radiant beauty which was destined to
 .j fade so early. The mantling bloom of
 j her cheeks was shaded by a profusion
 !of natural ringlets, of a rich golden
 brown; and the evervarying expres
 sions ofher brilliant eyes gave a changc-
 Tul play to her countenance, which
 would have made it impossible for any
 painter to do justice to it. No wonder
 I that so fair a creature should excite the
 admiration of a gallant captain. And
 the love on both sides was ardent and
 sincere, for Capt. Hemans, soon alter
 their introduction was called upon to
 embark with his regiment for Spain.
 I On his return, in 1812, they were mar
 -3 ried. Of their domestic happincs, or
 1 unhappiness nothing is said;but six
 1 years after, in 1818, we were simply
 i told that the Captain went to Rome—
 and never returned. The separated
 pair never met again.
 *To dwell on this subject,’ says her
 biographer ‘would be unnecessarily
 painful; yet it must be stated that no
 thing like a permanent separation was
 contemplated at the time, nor did it
 ever amount to more than a convention
 lal arrangement, which offered no ob
 stacles to the frequept interchange of
 correspondence, nor to a constant ref
 erence to their father in al) things relat
 ing to the disposal of her boys. But
 years rolled on—seventeen years of
 absence, and consequently alienation,
 and from this time to the hour of her
 death, Mrs. Hemans and her husband
 never met again.”
Perilous Adventure.—A gentle
 man wished to have in his posession a
 living specimen of the chough, or
 Cornish crow, a bird which is now be
 coming very rare, and which always
 builds in the precipitous sides of the
 cliffs.—Two brothers engaged to fur
 nish hirn with young birds from the nest.
 They accordingly provided themselves
 with a rope and proceeded to a place
 which they knew to be frequented by
 these birds. One of them tied the end
 of a rope round his waist, and his bro
 ther lowered him over the edge of the
 clifT, holding the rope in his hand.
 When he arived opposite the nest, he
 found that they were built under an
 overhanging rock, so as to be beyond
 his reach. Nothing daunted, he set
 the rope swinging until he was earned
 into the hollow, when he held fast by the
 rock; but, finding the rope too short to
 allow him to gain the nest, he untied it
 from his waist, climbed into the cavity
 and secured his prize, which he stowed
 away in his bosom. Meanwhile the
 rope had swung back to the perpendic
 ular and was resting motionless. With
 out hesitation he called to his brother
 above, "Stand by the rope! I’m going to
 leap to it!" 7
 He did so; but the rope as might
 have been expected, slipped through
 bis hands, and he fell into the sea.
 The brother felt the jerk, and, looking
 over the edge of the clifT, saw him
 neither dashed to pieces nor drowned,
 but rubbing the water from bis face,
 and exclaiming. "Carry my shoes
 round to the cove, I*ll be round as soon
 as thee!** And so he was, bringing bis
 birds safe with him. This event bap
 penoed in the parish ofHreage.
 The Ohio Stats Prison.— The Vi
 cious can be Reformed.—Oov. Bebb,
 in his last me-ege, says: •l fae P«“«-
 tentiary has besn lighted with gas, and
 furnished with more than seven thous
 and volume* of hooka for the use of the
 convicts. Many have been taught in
 the prison Sunday school to read, and
 the cheer tog results of kindness, blend
 ed with wholesome discipline, and of
 meatal and moral training are
 in the reformation of ha inmates."
