Notices.
W'Mlcni Mew York Aril*Sl*wrr B©&lt; iely.
 The Executive Committee will meet on
 Tuesday evening neat. March 20, at the Anti
 Slaverv tWice. 25, Buffalo Street.
 Attendance is requested at half past 6
 oVlork precisely.
 \V. C. NELL, Ree. Sec
Corrr*|&gt;i)ivteiice of the N. Y. Tribune.
 The La«t M ight of ike Sewloa —The Terri
 torial Htrafile.
 Washington, Sunday, March 4.
 The lonj? agony is orer—the conspiracy to
 coerce the House into an organization of the
 Territory** which should leare them open tc
 the inroads of Slavery is signally defeated—
 the Senate has been fairly driven from its un
 constitutional ground of dictation so haughti
 ly assumed—and at 7 o’clock this morning
 liic XXXth ongrcss dissolved, having failed
 to pass anv lull for the organization of thr
 New Territories, and having passed the Civil
 and Ihponiaiic ppropriation hill entirely
 clean of any provision on the subject. The
 House bill extending the I S. Revenue Laws
 to California was finally passed by the Senate
 ami (with the Civil and Diplomatic Appro
 priation bill) signed by the President, so that
 all necessity of an Extra Session is (1 trust)
 happily averted. The question of Slavery in
 the Territories goes over —is adjourned, but
 not. like this Congress, without day. It will
 come up among the first and most unjiortant
 business of the next Congress at its first iNes-
 H&lt;»n, and l am confident will then he satisfac
 torily adjusted.
 Slavery can never again be so strong as It
 was last week, in the eddy between an ex
 piring and an incoming administration. On
 the whole, then considering how much worse
 we might have done—were almost sure to do
 when the House met last evening—! think
 we have had a good deliverance. 1 would
 not for much have the question back where it
 stood one day since. The chances were at
 If.isl ten to one last evening, that the Walker
 amendment of the Senate w ould bv this hour
 he tiie law of the land, and our escape from
 it is almost miraculous —a striking instance ol
 the tmtli that strength and skill and wisdom
 may all he countervailed and confounded in a
 moment by chance, or more correctly, Piovi
 d-mce. I&lt;ct me endeavor to sketch as accu
 rately as my aching head ami weary frame
 will permit, the scenes and incidents of last
 night m the House. Iwillspeak only of the
 Croat Question, leaving all beside for a future
 letter.
 The House met after recess at C —the scats
 soon filled, the lobbies and galleries densely
 crowded. It was soon known that the joint
 committee of conference on the Civil and Di
 plomatic Appropriation bill had failed to
 agree; and, as soon as the other important
 bills had been disposed of, a report was made
 to that effect. In point of fact, the committee
 had compromised all the numerous disagree
 ments of the two Houses except that on the
 Senate’s interpolation of the Walker oigani
 zation of California —that was insisted on by
 the Senate’s committee and repudiated by
 that of the House, and all attempts to find
 some medium ground were fruitless. (I re-
 gret to say that, by the course things finally
 took, the House was brought to recede from
 all its amendments except that rejecting the i
 Walker addition to the bill, so that the appro
 priations passed as they came from the Sen
 ate, and not as the joint committee agreed to
 modify them, which throws several heavy,;
 and in the House judgment, needless andj
 prodigal items of extra expenditure upon the
 Treasury. This should have heen otherwise,
 hut 1 believe the rules made it imperative.
 The technical shape being that the Senate
 must,'l while the House readed, the effect
 was as above stated.)
 The subject being thus before the House,
 the motion first in order of the multitude
 made by the members all at once struggling
 in wild tumult for the floor, was that propos
 ing that the House recede from its disagree
 ment with the Senate (opening the question
 to farther amendment); and this motion pre
 vailed bv Yeas 111, Nays 10b. Pennsylvania
 nnd Maine voted strongly in the majority, as
 the Yeas and Nays will show. Mr. Murphy,
 of N. Y., and (as 1 understood) Mi. Clapp,
 of Maine, changed from the negative to the
 affirmative after the vote had heen taken, so
 that the vote originally stood —Yeas 100, Nays
 108. So the House decided to recede, and
 the proposition was now open to amendment.
 The vehement yell of Mr. Speaker!”;
 rose from the scores who jumped on thej
 instant for the floor. The Speaker gave it to
 Mr. Morehead of Ky. who briefly spoke of;
 the absolute necessity of some adjustment ol i
 this difference, and his anxious desire to settle!
 it on terms honorable, and just to all parties, i
 He trusted he should be able to propose an I
 amendment to the Senate's proposition, wljicli;
 would render it acceptable to the majority ol
 the House, and that a direct vote would be
 taken thereon. He moved that the woidsl
 West of the Rio (irande” should liestricken!
 out of the Senate’s amendment and a proviso)
 added to it that nothing herein contained 1
 should he construed as affecting in anv way,
 the question of the boundary of Texas. The
 ({fleet of this was to organize nil the Territo
 rv acquiied from Mexico, 1m- the same more or
 b-ss, and leave all questions ol Boundary to
 he adjusted hereafter.) lie concluded by I
 moving the Pievious Question. I'lic question
 on seconding was taken by Tellers, ami ii
 was carried, (the South again triumphant) byj
 i«&gt;r* to io2.
 Aml now the question was raised on the
 effect of the Previous Question. Mr. Cobh
 of (la. and his side contended that it applied
 to (turning with (Ite Scnatr as well as to the
 amendment proposed by Mr. Moiehead. The.
 hair ruled otherwise—that it was competent
 for Mr. M. to have moved to amend and
 Hgioe io the Senate’s proposition as amended,
 and to call ike Previous Question on the dou
 ble motion, but in point of fact lie had not
 done so, and the simple Previous Question
 applied only to the amendment. Mr. Cobh
 appealed, hut the apjieal was not pressed to a
 vuit —Mr. Morehead, on being appealed to,
 stating that he certainly inU tided hta motion
 Vo have the effect of ordering the Main Ques
 tion on agreeing with the Senate’s proposition
 as amended, hut lie would not (or rlid not)
 say that he had nude the motion in that form.
 So the appeal trom the Speaker, though a
 good deal talked aitout, was not pressed.
 Tne question on ordering the Main Question
 was taken by Yeas and Nays, and ‘the Ayes
 had it'—Yeas HO, Nays 101—the South
 still conquering. The question was now
 taken on Mr. Morehead*b amendment, which
 was carried—Yeas IWI, Nays2o.
 Here the efleet ot tt»e Pievtoua Question
 was exhausted, and the wild rush of half the
 House for the flout—the universal yell of
 Mi. Speaker!” was renewed. The (’hair 1
 gave the floor to Mr. K. Thompson of i
 la. (who had voted with the South thus far,)
 and who, evincing much emotion, proceeded
 to make a speech much like Mr. Morehead's, 1
 and io move an amendment, which was sub- 1
 sum tally Mr. Webster’s submitted u&gt; and
 negatived by llis Senate—clothing tin- Piesi
 dent wall temporary power to govern the New
 Territories, to execute the existing laws, and
 to protect the liberties and rights of the Peo
 ple. It was not deal on the Slavery ques
 -1,011, but would ill effect recognize amt
 continue in force (here the Mexican laws
 abolishing Slavery. He closed by calling the
 Previous Question on ameudiug as proposed)
 and ou agreeing Ui the Senate's amendment
 as s amc ml. d—(the w hole Senate propose
 turn stiu'keti out and this substituted.)
 Th* Previous Question vras sustained a*
 before, the Mam Question ordered, and Mr. i
 Ttioiupt-Jiti’ft amendment agretd to—yeas 111,1
 uoes 105— the minority on the former totes
 being changed tutu a majority by the acces- i
 aiou ol Messrs. Titompson, of la., Pollock,)
 Biady, Butler, of Pa., Murphy, of Newj
 one or two others.
AIM now (be question recurred on agreeiM
 to (be Sei»»e'* addition to the bill aaanunded,
 and, with fieat difficulty, the friends of Fre*
 Soil were nearly all induced to repeal the
 mad folly (hey perpetrated the night Wort
 in declining to aeod hack the bill to the
 Senate, as amended on Mr. W. Hnnt’a ‘mo
 tion. Many of them held out 0 the last,
 neglecting to sole, or voting with the South;
 others voted Yea, protesting that it was all
 wrong, and that we were running into a trap
 Finally, all but two or three were brought to
 vote Vea, and the amended proposition was
 agreed to—yeas 110, nays 104. And the
 House having receded from all its other disa
 greement* with the Senate, the bill asamemh
 ed was tent back to the Senate, and the
 House, still intensely excited, proceeded very
 irregularly to other basmes*, mainly because
 they must await the Senate's action on the
 Thompson substitute.
 I shall not follow the matter into the Sen
 ate. —Suffice it to say that the wisdom of the
 course taken by the House was fully vindi
 cated by the contortions with which the pill
 was faced in that body. Now the disorder,
 the talking against lime, calling yeas and
 nays, moving to adjourn, &amp;c. which had been
 resorted to by a part of the friends of I* ree
 Soil at an earlier hour in the House, were
 seen shifted to the other side. 1 have passed
 over these as exhibited on one side in the
 House, and shall do the same w ith the same
 course on the other side in the Senate. They
 were unwise and ill-considered, but, in view
 of the strong probability that the House would
 accede to the Senate’s amendment, they
 were not unprovoked. Had Mr. Morehead i
 call for tho Previous Question taken the
 shape ot Mr. Thompson's, or had it as made
 had the effect Mr. M. intended, the House
 1 would have been brought before midnight to
 a vote on the naked question of concurrence
 with the Senate’s proposition as amended by
 Mr. Morehead, and (under the fear of losing
 the bill altogether) it uovld Lace concurred
 beyond&lt;pustion I can count the voles which
 would certainly have carried that proposition
 —by six or eight majority if required. e
 escaped simply through that mischance of
 our adversanes.
 At length—after weary watching till 5
 o’clock in the morning, when even garrulty
 had exhausted itself with talking on all man
 ner of frivolous pretexts and relapsed into
 grateful silence—when proflligacy had been
 satiated with rascally votes oi the public
 money in gratuities to almost every body con
 nected with Congress, &amp;c. &amp;e., word came
 that the Senate had receded altogether from
 its W alker amendment and everything of the
 sort, agreeing to the bill as an Appropriation
 bill simply, and killing the House amendment
 bv surrendering its own. (.lose on its heels
 came the Senate's concurrence in the House
 bill extending the revenue laws to California;
 and a message was sent witii both bills to
 rouse Mr. Polk (still President by sufferance)
 from his first slumbers at the Irving House
 (whither he had retired from the Capitol some
 hours before) and procure his signature to the
 two bills.
 In due time—though it seemrd very long
 now tiiat it was broad daylight and the ex
 citement was subsiding—word was returned
 that the President had signed the bills and
 had nothing farther to offer, a message hav
 ing been sent to the Senate and the House
 was ready to adjourn; Mr. Winthrop made
 an eloquent and affecting address on relin
 quishing the Chair; and the House, a little
 before 7 o’clock in the bright sunshine of this
 blessed Sunday morning—tu’ice blessed after
 a cloudy week of fog and mist, snow and rain
 without, and of fierce contention and angry
 discoid within the Capitol —adjourned sine
 die.
 The Senate, I undetstood, has not yet ad
 journed, hut the latter end of it had gathered
 in a bundle about the Vice-President's chair,
 and was still passing extra gratuities to every
 body—and if the bottom L not out of the
 Treasury, may be doing so yet for aught I
 know. Havipg seen enough of this,l did not
 go over to their chamber, but came w earily
 away.
i THE NORTH STAR.
ROCHESTER, MARCH 16, 1849
The Constitution ami Shivery.
 The assertion which we made five weeks
 ago, that the Constitution, if strictly con
 i stnied according to its reading is not a pro
 slavery instrument, has excited some interest
 I amongst our Anti-Slavery brethren. Letters
 have reached us from different quarters on the
 i subject. Some of these express agreement
 j and pleasure with our views, and others*
 surprise and dissatisfaction. Each class of
 1 opinion and feeling is represented in the let
 ters which we have placed in another part of
 this week’s paper The one from our friend
 i Gerrit Smith, represents the view which the
 I Liberty parly take of this subject, and that of
 Mr. Robert Forten is consistent with the
 1 ground occupied by a majority of the Ameri
 can Anti-Slavery Society.
 Whether we shall be able to set ourselves
 light in the minds of those on the one side of
 this question or the other, and at the same
 time vindicate the correctness of our former
 assertion, remains to be seen. 01 one thing,
 however, we can assure our readers, and that
 is, that we bring to the consideration of this
 subject no partizan feelings, nor the slightest
 wish to make ourselves consistent with the
 creed of either Anti-Slavery parly, and that
 our only aim is to know what is truth and
 what is duty in respect to the matter in dis
 pute, holding ourselves perfectly free to
 change our opinion in any direction, and at
 any time which may he indicated by our im
 mediate apprehension of troth, unbiased by
 the smiles or frowns of any class or party of
 abolitionists. The only truly consistent man
 is he who will, for the sake of being right to
 day, contradict what he said wrong yesterday
 Sufficient unto the day is the evil thereof.”
 True stability consists not in being of the
 same opinion now as formerly, but in a fixed
 principle of honesty, even urging us to the
 adoption or rejection of that which may seem
 to us true or false at the ever-present now.
 lieforc entering ujion a discussion of the
 main question, it may be proper to remove a
 inisajiprehension into which Gerrit Smith and
 Robert Forten seem to have fallen, in respect
 to what we mean by the term, strictly con
 strued according to its reading,” as used by
 us in regard to the Constitution. Upon a
 second reading of tiiese words, we can readily
 see bow easily they can be made to mean
 more than we intended. What we meant
 then, and what we would be understood to,
 mean now, is simply this—that the Constitu
 tion of the rtilted States, standing alone, and
 construed only in the light of its letter, with
 out reference to the opinions of the men who
 framed and adopted it, or to the uniform, uni
 versal and undeviating practice of the nation
 under it, from the tune of its adoption until
 now is not a pro-slavery instrument. Of this
 admission we are perfectly willing u&gt; give
 our esteemed fiiend Gerrit South, and all w ho
 think with bun on this subject, the fullest
 benefit; accompanied, however, with this ex- j
 pin nation, tint it w as made w ith no view to
 give the public to* understand that wt bald
 this construction to be the proper one of that
instiumenl, and that it was drawn out merely
 because we were unwilling to go before tbe
 public oe an narrow an imue, and ooe about
 which there could be ao little raid on either
 aide, flaw a Document would appear under
 ooe construction, is ooe thing but whether
 that cod* ruction be tbe right ooe, is quite
 another and a very different thing. Con
 found leg these taro things, baa led Genii
 Smith to think too favorably of ns, and Robert
 Forteo too unfavorably. We may agree with
 the Roman Catholic, that the language of
 Christ, with respect to the sacrament, if coo
 at rued according to reading, tooehco tbe
 doctrine of iransobstantiatioo. But the admis
 sion is nut final, neither are we understood
 by so doing, to sanction that tiratiooal
 though literal doctrine. Neither Roman
 Catholic nor Protestant could attach any im-,
 portance to such an admission. It would
 neither afford pleasure to the Catholic, nor
 pain to the Protestant. Hoping that we have
 now made ourselves understood on this point,
 we proceed to the general question.
THE CONSTITUTIONALITY OF SLA VEST.
 The Constitution of the United States.—
 What is it! Who made it? For whom and
 for what was it made Is it from heaven or
 from men How, and in what light are we
 to understand it If it be divine, divine
 light must be our means of undrstanding it;
 if human, humanity, with all its vices and
 crimes, as well as its virtues, must help us to
 I a proper understanding of it. All attempts to
 explain it in the light of heaven must fail. It
 is human, and must be explained in the light
 of those maxims and principles which human
 beings have laid down as guides to the under
 standing of all w ritten instruments, covenants,
 contracts and agreements, emanating from
 human beings, and to which human beings
 are parties, both on the first and the second
 part. It is in such a light that we propose lo
 examine the Constitution; and in this light
 we hold it to be a most cunningly-devised and
 wicked compact, demanding the most con
 stant and earnest efforts of the friends of
 righteous freedom for its complete overthrow.
 i
 It was conceived in sin, and shapen in mi-!
 quily.” But this will he called mere decla
 mation, and assertion —mere “heat without
 light"—sound and fury signify nothing.—
 Have it so. Let us then argue the question
 w ith all the coolness and clearness of whieli
 an unlearned fugitive slave, smarting under
 the wrongs inflicted by this unholy Union, is
 capable. We cannot talk lawyer like”
 about law —about its emanating from the
 bosom of God —about government, and of
 its seat in the great heart of the Almighty
 nor can we, in connection with such an ugly
 matter-of-fact looking thing as the United j
 States Constitution, bring ourselves to split I
 hairs about the alleged legal rule of interpre-'
 tafion, which declares that an act of the
 Legislature may be set aside when it contra
 venes natural justice.” We have to do with
 facts, rather than theory. The Constitution j
 is not an abstraction. It is a living, breathing
 fact, exerting a mighty power over the nation
 of which it is the bond of Union.
Had the Constitution dropped down from
 the blue overhanging sky, upon a land un
 cursed by slavery, and without an interpreter,
 although some difficulty might have occurred
 in applying its manifold provisions, yet so
 cunningly is it framed, that no one would
 have imagined that it recognized cr sanc
 tioned slavery. But having a terrestrial, and
 not a celestial origin, we find no difficulty in
 ascertaining its meaning in all the parts which
 we allege to relate to slavery. Slavery ex
 isted before the Constitution, in the very
 States by whom it was made and adopted.—
 Slaveholders took a large share in making it.
 It was made in view of the existence of sla
 very, and in a manner well calculated to aid
 and strengthen that heaven-daring crime.
 Take, for instance, article Ist, section 2d,
 to wit: Representatives and direct taxes
 shall Ire apportioned among the several States
 which may be included within this Union,
 according to theii respective numbers, which
 shall be determined by adding to the whole
 number of free persons, including those bound
 to service for a terra of years, and including
 Indians not taxed, three-fifths of all other
 persons
 A diversity of persons are here described—
 persons bound to service for a term of years,
 Indians not taxed, and three-fifths of all other
 jorsons. Now’, we ask, in the name of com
 mon sense, can there be an honest doubt that,
 in Stales where there are slaves, that they
 are included in tiiis basis of representation
 To us, it is as plain as the snn in the heav
 ens that this clause does, and was intended
 to mean, that the slave States should enjoy a
 representation of their human chattels under
 this Constitution. Beside, the lerm fkee,
 which is generally, though not always, used
 as the correlative of slave, “all other persons,”
 settles the question forever that slaves are
 here included.
 It is contended on this point by Lysander
 SjKioner and others, that the words, all
 other |&gt;ersons,” used in this article of the
 Constitution, relates only to aliens. We deny
 that the words will bear any such construe,
 tion. Are we to presume that the Constitu
 tion, which so carefully points out a class of
 persons fut exclusion, such as Indians not
 taxed,” would be silent with respect to an
 other class w hich it was meant equally to ex
 clude 1 We have never studied logic, but it
 does seem to us that such a presumption
 would be very much like an absurdity. And
 the absurdity is all the more glaring* m ben il
 is lemembered that the language used imme
 diately after the words excluding Indiana
 not taxed,’ (having done with exclusions) it
 includes all other persons It is as easy to
 suppose that the Constitution contemplates
 including Indians, (against its express de
 claration to the contrary,) as it is to suppose
 that it should be construed to mean the exclu
 sion of slaves from the basts of representa
 tion against the express language, “including
 all other persons.” Where all are included,
 nose remain to be excluded. The rasaoniugi
 of those who take the opposite view of ♦hi*
 clause, appears very much like quibbling, to
 use no harsher word. One thing is certain
 about this clause of the Constitution. It is
 this—that under it, the slave system has en
 joyed a large sod domineering representation
 in Congress, which has given laws to the
 whole Union in regard *o slavery, ever since
 the formation of the government.
 Satisfied that the view we have given ol
 this eltnse of the Constitution is the only
 sound interpretation of h, we throw at oace
all those parts and particulare of the instru
 ment which refer to slavery, mod constitute
 what we concern to be the sfevehold*gr&lt;!»-
 prontue* of the Coostitotien, below the
 reader, and beg that be win look with candor
 upon the comments which we propose to make
 opoo them.
 “Art. sth, Sec. otb-—Congress shall base
 power to suppress insurrections.'’
 “Art. Ist, See- 9tb.—The migration or
 importation of any eocb persons as any of the
 States now existing shall think proper to ad
 mit, shall not be prohibited by Congress prior
 to the wear one thousand eight hundred and
 eight; kit a tax or a duty may be imposed,
 not exceeding ten dollars for each person.”
 “Art. 4th, Sec. *2d.—No person held to
 service or labor in one State, escaping into
 another, shall in consequence of any law or
 regulation therein, be discharged from such
 service or labor, but shall be delivered up on
 claim of the party to whom such eeivice or
 labor may be due.”
 Art. 4th, Sec. 4th.—-The United States
 shall guarantee to every State in this Union a
 Republican form of Government; and shall
 protect each of them against invasion; ami on
 application of the Legislature, or of the Ex
 ecutive,) wheu the Legislature cannot be con
 vened,) against domestic violence.”
 The first article and ninth section is a full,
 complete and broad sanction of the slavetrade
 for twenty years. In this compromise of the
 Constitution, the parties to it pledged the na
 tional arm to protect that infernal trade for
 twenty years. While all other subjects of
 commerce were left under the control of Con
 gress, this species of commerce alone was
 Constitutionally exempted. And why was
 this the case Simply because South Carolina
 and Georgia declared, through their delegates
 that framed the Constitution, that they would
 not come into the Union if this traffic in hu
 man flesh should be prohibited. Mr. Rut
 ledge, of South Carolina, (a distinguished
 member of the Convention that 1 ranted the
 Constitution,) said, if the Convention thinks
 that North Carolina, South Carolina, aod
 Georgia, will ever agree to the plan, unless
 their right to import stares be untouched, the
 expectation is vain. Mr. Pinckney said,
 South Carolina could never receive the plan,
 if it prohibits the slavetrade In conse
 quence of the determination of these States
 to stand out of the Union in case the traffic
 in human ilesh should be prohibited, and from
 one general desire to establish a Union, this
 nintii section of the first article was adopted,
 as a compromise; and shameful as it is, it is
 by no means more shameful than others which
 preceded and succeeded it. The slaveholding
 South, by that unyielding tenacity and con
 sistency with which they usually contend for
 their measures, triumphed, and the dough
 face North was brought to the disgraceful
 terms in question, just as they have been ever
 since on ail questions touching the subject of
 slavery.
 As a compensation for their base treachery
 to human freedom and justice, the North were
 permitted to impose a tax of ten dollars for
 each person imported, with which to swell the
 coffers of the national trearsury, thus bap
 tising the infant Republic with blood-stained
 gold.
 Art. 4, Sec. 2.—This article was adopted
 with a view to restoring fugitive slaves te
 their masters —ambiguous, to be sure, but
 sufficiently explicit to answer the eud sought
 to be attained. Under it, and in accordance
 with it, the Congress enacted the atrocious
 law of ’93,” making it penal in a high
 degree to harbor or shelter the flying fugitive.
 The whole nation that adopted it, consented
 1o become kidnappers, and the whole land
 converted into slave-hunting ground.
 Art. 4, Sec. 4—Pledges the national arm
 to protect the slaveholder from domestic vio
 lence, and is the safeguard of the Southern
 tyrant against the vengeance of the outraged
 and plundered slave. Under it, the nation is
 bound to do the bidding of the slaveholder, to
 bring out the whole naval and military power
 of the country, to crusli the refractory slaves
 into obedience to their cruel masters. Tims
 has the North, unfler the Constitution, not
 only consented to form bulwarks around the
 system of slavery, with all its bloody enormi
 ties, to prevent the slave from escape, but lias
 planted its uncounted feet and tremendous
 weight on the heaving hearts of American
 bondmen, to prevent them from rising to gain
 their freedom. Could Pandemonium devise a
 Union m re inhuman, unjust, and affronting to
 God and man, than this Yet such is the
 Union consummated under the Constitution of
 the United States. It is truly a compart de
 manding immediate, disannulment, and one
 wljicli, lfith our view of its wicked require
 ments, we can never enter.
 We might jtwt here drop the pen and the
 subject, and assume the Constitution to be
 what we have briefly attempted to prove it to
 be, radically and essentially pro-slavery, in
 fact as well as in its tendency; and regard
 our position to be correct beyond the jiossi
 hility of an honest doubt, and treat those who
 differ from us as mere cavillers, bent upon
 making the worse appear the better reason
 or we might anticipate the objections which
 are supposed to be valid against ihat position.
 We are, however, disposed to do neither.
 We have too much resjieet for the men op
 posed to us to do the former, and have too
 strong a desire to have those objections put in
 their most favorable light, to do the latter.—
 We are prepared to hear all sides, and to
 give the arguments of our opponents a candid
 consideration. Where an honest expression
 of views is allowed, Truth has nothing to
 fear.
 And now if our friend Gerrit Smith dew res
 to be heard on the other side, the columns of
 the North Star are at his service. We ean
 ••sure him that he cannot have a stronger
 wish to tarn every rightful instrumentality
 against slavery, than we have and if the
 Constitution can be so turned, and he eaa
 satisfy us of the fact, we shall readily, gladly
 and zealously turn our feeble energies is that
 direction. The case which our friend Gerrit
 Smith put to us in his letter is a good one, but
 foils in s most important particular, and that is,
 analogy. The ouly likeness which ws ess
 **e in the supposed cane of a bargain with
 Brown, to that of the bargain entered into
 by the North sod the Sooth, is that there is
 grom dishonesty in both- So for, there is a
 sinking similarity, but no further. The par
 ties that made the Corutimtion, aimed to
 •beat and defraud the slave, who was not
 himself a party to the compact or agreement.
 It was entered into asderstaodingly on both
 ■daa. They both designed to purchase their
 freedom and safely at the expense of the un
 brntnd slave. The North were willing to
 beeosae the body guards of slavery—sup-
pressing insurrectiuas returning fugitive
 rf*»e» In hnmligi impnrlirg a laves for twenty
 yean, and aa moefa kwger aa the Congress
 should see fit to Imre it unprohibited, and vir
 tually to give slave-holders three votes for
 every five slaves they could plunder from
 j Africa, and all this to foim a Vnioo by which
 i- to repel invasion, and otherwise promoted!eir
 interest. No, friend So*’»h, we are not asked
 to act the honorable part of Judge Doug
 las*’' with respect to this “cootract,” but to
 become a guilty party to it, and in teply we
 *ay —No!—r. o.
 Rochester, March 15,1849.
 Stepbr Mm» —My Dear Sir: —There
 b mnch donbt in this region, as well as else
 where among our people, as to the desira
 bleness of emigrating to the Florence Settle
 ment, and from all that I have heard recently
 from various sources, as to the wildness of the
 country, the infeitility of the lands, the dis
 tance and the difficulties of the way to mar
 ket, and the entire absence of water power,
 there is much to discourage emigration to
 j that place, as a suitable one for establishing a
 flourishing and influential town.
 My object now, however, is not to give any
 opinion with regerd to the advantages or dis
 advantages to be derived from settling that
 town, but to respectfully request that my
 name be erased from the list of agents for the
 Florence Asssciation.
 My knowledge of the locality, derived only
 from the map, is altogether too limited to jus
 tify me in allowing my name to stand forth
 prominentlr as connected with the Associa
 tion. Respectfully yours,
 FRED’K DOUGLASS.
 National Reformer. It is with
 unaffected regret that we announce the dis
 continuance of the National Reformer, pub
 tished in this city. It has ceased for the
 want of support, a sad commentary upon the
 amount of interest felt in the great cause to
 which it was mainly and ably devoted. The
 National Reformer was a Land Reform pa
 per but unlike Young America” and the
 Land-Mark,” it never sought to promote its
 great purjiose by decrying other reforms and
 reformers. It was the poor man’s friend, and
 every man’s friend. We differed with it on
 some points, but agreed with it in many
 others; and whether agreeing or disagreeing,
 we cherished for its conductors the highest
 respect. It is to be hoped that Rochester
 will not be long without such a paper as the
 National Reformer.—f. d.
 _
 Henry Clay.—We shall publish the letter
 of this wily slaveholder on the subject of
 emancipation in Kentucky in our next num
 her. It is a cool and crafty letter; Satan,
 transformed into an angel of light, runs thro 1
 the whole of it.—f. d.
 Political Economy.
 Our people—the colored people we mean—
 must give their attention to Political Econo
 my. We do not mean to say, that they must
 acquire a perfect knowledge of that science,
 but they must give sufficient attention to it to
 gain a practical knowledge of its utility.—
 This is within the reach of all, however lim
 ited in education, and of whatever lack of
 experience in business.
 Political Economy, properly, is the Science
 of the Wealth of Nations—practically, the
 daily application of industry for the psrjrftse
 of making money. In the present article, we
 do not design treating this subject scientifi
 cally, nor yet elaborately, but simply to re
 duce it to a plain, easy comprehension of the
 most obtuse reason. Though the principles
 of political economy generally apply to a na
 tion, yet the habits of industry apply more
 particularly to individuals who compose a na
 tion or community.
 Nations are but great families, each indi
 vidual, citizen, or inhabitant, constitute the
 members who compose that family. Com
 munities, such as cities, towns, villages, and
 counties, may be compared to firms, or part
 nership companies.
 All well-bred, well-regulated families, have
 some great fixed principle as a general rule of
 conduct, and high incentive as the proper
 guidance of their children and the indi
 vidual members of their household. The.-e
 rules being fully established, the principles
 fixed, and the incentives to the higher attain
 ments well instilled, the character of the
 family liecomes established, which marks
 each individual in his walks through life.—
 An improper departure from rules of a well
 bred family is always noticed with regret by
 the observer.*
 As it is with families, so it-is wilh nations.
 W hatever characteristics distinguish a nation,
 each citizen or inhabitant thereof should more
 or less partake character. Each edi
 zen of a nation should bear the same resem
 blance to the great leading traits which mark
 the enterprise of that people, as the individual
 members do to the family to which they
 belong.
 When partnerships are formed, it is in
 tended for mutual benefit. Each meml*er of
 the firm is required to make an investment,
 either of capital or labor—that is, money or
 work.
 Now suppose that A, B and C go into
 partnership. A invests eleven hundred dol
 lars, B ten hundred, and C has no money.—
 How can Cbe beneficial to the concern 1 He
 must give his services, his personal attention
 to the business, m such a manner as to make
 it an object with the other partners to have
 tiim, else he is worth nothing to them. But
 n order to be serviceable, he must be quali
 fied to do business, otherwise he will be of
 M use. It will be seen by this, that qualifi
 cation siid capital, or labor and money, are
 wt as an equivalent against each other.
 We, then, as colored people—for it is to
 iie colored people we address ourselves—may
 regared in position, taking the class for the
 odividoal, as the partner in a firm, without
 capital, having made no available investment,
 md totally unqualified to render valuable and
 «eful service, the other members or partners
 o the concern bearing the whole burden of
 rawness, with os banging upon their sbooi
 lers for drily support. This is precisely, as
 i general ruin, our relation to each other,
 somparing the Masks and whites as we now
 ixist. This, our brethren most remember, is
 mr own admissioo, and doss not necessarily
 nvolve as in disparagement, sa our object
 uid determination is to call attention to that
 ta for the purpose of effecting a speedy
 'hangs la so objectionable s relation. This
 nseh, we deem nee—ry to my, as a mess
ipreeersoi to an article every week upon
 meetie Economy. or Practical Industry, am
 money-making business enterprise*. Whai
 j the colored people at preient moat need, i i
 knowledge hint to hr* in this *rirrhf. This
 •we most do—this we most he willing to do
 or all effort? at regaining our trampled rights
 in this country or wleewhete, will prove una
 vailing.— \	* r.. o.
 stnngp Doctrine.
 A person signing hitßsclf“ An Amcricar
 Citizen,” probably presuming upon the ignor
 ance of the English people on the subject o
 American slavery, ha* written a letter (dated
 from Stoke Newington) to the Ixindon lu
 quirer, in which Ik* says, that slavery is
 not au evil of grow ing magnitude,”—in othei
 words, that slavery is not increasing. Aboli
 tionists will be glad to liear this, at variance
 though it may be with their generally re
 ceived opinion. The number of slaves in the
 l nion at the period of Independence, was
 about 5(10,tw0. There nre now not far from
 3,000.000 and yet the evil is net increasing
 44 American slavery (says he) has not even a
 tithe of the demoralising, debasing, cruel ami
 oppressing efforts which the slavcty of Pal
 estine, of Greece, and of Home, and the serf
 dom of Kurofie, either Eastern or Western,
 produced, or may still be producing.” \V here
 tins 4 Citizcu gets his data from, it is dili'i
 cull to conceive; but he must be poorly lead
 in the history of the one system, and must
 have a very meagre knowledge of the other,
 if he is not aware that there are barbarities
 practised l*v the American slaveholder, which
 the Homan, and Greek, anil Jew never
 dreamed of. Where also, at this present
 day, does he find, in any portion of Europe,
 Eastern or Western, the operation of that
 cold-blooded, fiendish policy, which forces
 ignorance and debasement upon its victims’
 The American slave system does this. In
 w hat portion of Europe is it made a criminal
 act to teach men to read The American slave
 system does this. In what Stale of Euiopu
 is the selling of one’s own progeny legalised’
 The American slave-system does tins, and
 many other things equally hideous am!} re
 volting, by the side of which the worst lea
 features of European oppression become
 virtues.
 The Citizen does not deny that there is
 prejudice against color in this country —he is
 not sufficiently barefaced for that; 44 but l &lt;lc
 deny (savs he) that it is an unreasonable and
 unnatural prejudice.’* His education must
 have been sadly neglected, or he would have
 known, that the word prejudice,” impliei
 the absence of reasoning. When one comet
 to exercise his reason on any given subject
 the conclusion he arrives at ceases to be
 prejudice; it becomes an opinion. Hut I dcn\
 that any man, possessed of even very mediocri
 powers of argumentation, can, m the due a&amp;&lt;
 unbiased exercise of those powers, arrive a
 the conclusion that the color of a man’s skii
 or the size or shape of his features, can ii
 any sense or degree allect his claim to tin
 rights of manhood and citizenship. Let thosi
 who can, prove the affirmative of this hu
 they must contrive to get over the 44 Asses
 Bridge” before they attempt it—a problen
 by the wav, which there is reason to feu
 this American Citizen has not yet mas
 tered. Albeit, lie is not alone in this tribula
 tion such doctrines are by no means new tc
 these regions indeed, American Citizens ii
 a like predicament are as thick as black
 berries.
 The “Citizen,” further, comparing tin
 internal and external slave-trade, asks, in i
 tone of triumph, ns if he had found au ex
 cuse for the slavedealer—“ Is it as immora
 to transfer a slave from one person to another
 as to plunge an additional human being inti
 slavery?” This is a kind of comparison in
 which iam not skilled. The entire system is
 so atrocious, that it is difficult to say which
 portion of it is most so. But whether this
 question is decided or not appears to he a
 matter of slight moment; he who can sup
 press his indignation long enough calmly tc
 consider tlie inquiry, nmst be, to sav the
 least, not much le.~s callous than the proposer
 of it. Put the question in another form—
 Whether is it worse to si ll one’s ow n pro
 geny to the slavedealer, or to go to Africa
 Mid stea men in order to make them slaves*
 Is not the hare proposal of such a question
 monslious? But does not liter American
 slaveholder both steal and sell Ins follow -man’
 Is it not a fact that every child of the slave
 mother, as soon as it comes into existence, is
 stolen and made a slave* God never made
 any slaves. They are all man-made. Every
 human being ha* a right to freedom. He
 belongs to himself. When he is converted
 into a slave, he is stolen in as complete a
 sense as are the poor captives from the coast
 ut Africa. It is all monstrous! limitations!
 horrible
 The tenor of these remarks of the Amer
 ican Citizen may he accounted for by the
 statement made lowan's the conclusion of his
 letter, that his “knowledge of slavery has
 been increased by twenty-six years' resilience
 in a slave stale.” He does not say in what
 capacity; the probability, however, is, that
 he was either a slaveholder, a slave-driver, or
 i minister in connexion with a slaveholding
 :hurcL—either position all-sufficient to take
 he last glimmer of humanity from hi* soul,
 ind leave him, a* he is, the twaddling apo
 ogisl for the most heinous of crimes—lor the
 oo*t hardened uf criminals. t. d.
 Hyer, the man who succeeded in making
 he greatest number of bruise* on the body of
 iis antagonist, in the recent fisticuff at Haiti
 nore, and made a triumphal entry into New
 fork, with the American Hag flying over hi*
 tarooefae, and thousands following him wnb
 heir plaudit* and the playing of marual uni
 te, and the roaring of cannon, ha* taken a
 ow tavern in the Bowery, and now supplies
 u* admiring votaries with beer and bitter* at
 hree cent* a glass Mighty large business
 or hero'
 To wfart vile uses uuy mr rrura, Horatio*
 Imperial Crcsar, dead a mi tar owl to elSy,
 May stop a hole to keep the wind away.”— i. o.
 Golorrhosu jjf Auusv.—Head the co/-
 espoudei.ee in another column between
 iVtlhaai H. Tapp awl Gen. H. Steele of if.*
 foung Men's, Literary Association. Seute
 uouueoto on the subject will appear next
 reek.—*.
 Ktunfsu- Hoots, (over
 he Auction Store, opposite the Arcade.) w
 ww re-opened, where alt can come and read
 ritheet aaeeey and witboW arico.
Henry ('lav baa written a letter, as ap
 i pears fniiii the Boston Hee, of which H-&gt;fu
 t Greely says:
 “Mr. flay is an advocate of tree Soil—
 not alone in rerm&gt;ie California, but in pr.-•
 «*nt Kfntat’kT. He would free the soil &gt;.f :j
 own hived State from the blight of Human
 Slavery. 11 is tendencies are m truth tow a r&lt;]
 liberty, and he does not wail to see how *th&lt;
 party* will be affined thereby before pro
 claiming them.—ln the great metropolis
 Slavedom he made up bis mind lo
 openly and thoroughly the Annexation &lt;i
 Texas. From that same metropolis his %oicr
 again peals through the land, pleading foi
 f deliverance to to those in bondage—for i new
 jubilee of Freedom. it must be heeded ai d
 felt.”
 1 What ran the h -priest of Colonization
 have written, that the Tribune thinks worthy
 of such a flourish of trumpets 1 Henry 'lay
 course hitherto, forbids the expectation
 anything like an approach to justice from that
 quarter. How will he “free the soil of Ins
 i own beloved State r Hy colonization f it
 this is the pro|&gt;um) method, i would refer
 Henry Clay and Horace Greely, and every
 one else win* favors that mode of abolishing
 slavery and restoring to colored men tho
 possessidh of their natural righ's. to tire writ
 ten sentiments of Frederick S
 H. Ward, and many others in reference ts
 this subject. These all sav, as they have
 right to sav. that “this land, is our home—
 we are resolved to live here, and it need fn*.
 we will die here. W hat becomes of color.-
 nation, when read bv ibis ligbi 1 Perhaps,
 however, all this is a false pr. judgment of
 Henry f lay s letter. It is barely possible
 that he has ceinc to the conclusion, though
 i late, that man is man, whatever may be tho
 color of his skin; and, having hoen sitting
 for some time past “under the sound of iho
 gospel," he may hare learned something
 the principles of Christianity. We shall sc
 —J.
 General TaylorN Cabinet.
 John M. Clayton of Delaware, Xcr-fcify
 of Stale.
 William M. Mkbkuitii of Penn. Secn.ta&gt;y
 of the 'Treasury.
 Tho.masKwinu ttf (Hiio, Secretary of tht
 Home Defxtrfment.
 (rto. W. Crawford of Georgia, Nm/ury
 if tear,
 Wm. B. Preston of V irginia, SecrUaru ot
 the A art/.
 Jacob Collamer of V ermont, Postauister
 Gem rat.
 Reverdy Johnson of Maryland, Attorney,
 General.
 W e have another dispatch confirming the
 above Cabinet nominations.— Tribune.
 The following letter whieli we find in a
 1 late number of the Liberator, will surprise
 1 nobody who knows its author, though the art
 1 which it lecords is one which lew would havp
 the moral courage to commit.
 Letter from Francis Jackson.
 To the Secretary &gt;f the Massachusetts hum
 able Mechanic Association.
 i Sir —lt is well known that, fur a long
 time, the Association entertained the project
 of building a hall for its use, as a place for
 holding its meetings, and transacting its Irnst
 ness.
 i W itii this view, land was purchased, and
 1 the long desired object seemed about to he
 realized, when a sudden and remarkable
 change occurred, the building of the hall was
 abandoned, and it was decided to erect
 hotel.
 This has liceii done, and the spacious
 Revere Hons e was built, and is now owned
 by the Massachusetts Charitable Association.
 At the opening of this house as a hotel,
 j the members of this Association, with their
 families, assembled to view the e»tah ishment
 and partake of a collation.
 On this festive occasion, the President of
 the Association, in an address to the assembled
 company, is reported to have said ‘this is to
 !be a temperance house—tlufe is to be no bar
 —nothing will be allowed within its walls
 injurious to the public morals, or offensive to
 good taste.’Nor on this occasion were any
 intoxicating drinks seen or served, hut the
 grateful spectacle was presented of tins
 association ot upwards of 700 meinhi is, by
 word and deed, thus publicly entering their
 emphatic protest against tile demoralising
 'traffic in alcohol, lint how lias this volunta
 fry pledge been redeemed la:t the fact*
 answer.
 I lie House had been leased for ten years,
 without any prohibition against the sale of
 intoxicating drinks, and it is now a mailer of
 common notoriety, that the whole fund of the
 Association, upwards of 50,000 dollars, ib&lt;*
 savings and accumulations of more than half
 a century, are invested in a rum tavern.
 Yes—we arc now, as a society, receiving
 pecuniary consideration for this imquiio
 traffic, and through the offie;. i&gt; or agents ot
 the Association, have agreed i&lt;&gt; do so for ten
 years.
 We. have thus, iu our associate eapaeitv,
 done that which, as individuals, a large por
 tion of the members*would ou uo conaidcia
 lion consent to do; and we can claim no other
 excuse, ami offer no latter reason jor uui act,
 ‘than can the owners of the tippling cellars in
 Broad and Ann streets; to wit: ‘it puts
 ’money in our piuse.’ Towards that portion
 tot the Association who ti-el thal the traffic m
 alcohol inflicts serious injury upon society,
 ami that ail its infimtncts arc demoralizing,
 this use of the common funds is highly uii
 just, inasmuch as the associate act is hi dirt&lt; t
 j opposition to their deepest convictions ai d
 most shenshed principles—they are placed by
 it in a false position; amt wink; on the one
 hand as individuals, their labour and hopes
 are devoted to the cause of temperance, on
 the other, in their associate capacity, they are
 pandering to the traffic in aicofioi, and receiv
 ing the wages of thal iniquity.
 For aught that can lie shown, it subjects
 them lo the alternative ot Itoeonnng partici
 pants in wrong-doing or coiii|hJ* them to
 withdraw from the Association; either way
 a hardship, not to say insult, to winch, in
 common fairness and courtesy, they should
 not have been subjected.
 For these reasons, I withdraw from the
 Association; with which I have been con
 nected for more than a third of a centuarv,
 and request that my name may he stricken
 from tire roil of its members.
 Respectfully,
 Francis Jackson
 Boston, Dec. 16, I*lB.
 SILVAS Seven CmtPlßCts—Mr Edward
 Hiaehley, of Baltimore, publishes a commu
 nication demonstrating the great convenances
 that would result from the issuing of silver
 eon* of the value of seven cents eaf h. Thi»
 project very ingenious for any one can
 make a calculation, and find that such com
 would entirely supersede the use of copper*,
 prwHled thst the payer and payee had a suf
 ficient quantity ot small change. Thus, to
 pay one cent, give three seven eent pieces and
 receive two ten cent pieces hi exchange to
 pay two cents, give a seven ami a live cent
 piece, ami receive one dime m exchange; to
 pay three cents give ten and receive seven in
 osefeange, Ac. Ac.
 Bsidoimo the Ohio.—A wire siwj*'!b:&lt;ii
 bridge has been projected to cross the Ohio,
 between Cincinnati and ’ovmgton. The mdi
 is to be 120 fact above the centre tf the
 liver, at low water—the lowers for the sus
 peustou 830 feet high—the bridge is lo h*ng
 on twenty cable*, four incites ui duiotioi,
 capable of susUinuig a weight of seven thoo
 rionlt ton Tlip ia Mtinttlait &gt;1 MM lUh)
