(Communications.
Letter from fierTtt Kaitk,
 Fiipciin Dovglass—l lay down the last
 North Star to tell you how happy threading
 of it has me.
 It has long been a question of deep interest
 w ith me. whether the eolored men of the
 North will take the ground that the Federal
 txMisutuiinn requires the aMiuon of American
 s'avery. 1 have been sore that they would,
 if such men as Douglass, Purvis, Hcroond.
 die., die., should agree on this subject with
 Garnet, Ward. Ice., die.
 Your comments on Calhoun's manifesto.,
 and your reply to C. 11. Chase, cheer roe
 witli tiie hope that vmi are on the very eve of
 wielding the Federal Constitution for the abo
 lition of American Slavery. VVben I shall
 see vnu w ith vonr lij&lt;e and your newspaper
 doing thi&gt;, great will he inv rejoicing.
 Yon admit that the Constitution is capable
 of ;m anti-slawry mierpictation. Fiery *d
 niission which I could desire in this matter,
 follow s necessarily from ihe one you have
 made.
 I agree with you. that there is much his
 -1 onval proof of an attempt to smuggle sla
 very into the Constitution; hut the attempt
 was unsuccessful. .Still, we treat a as if it
 had been successful.
 My neighbor Brown and 1 make a bargain.
 I draw up tiic instrument. We both sign it. I
 aimed, in drawing it up, to cheat Brown out
 of his lio*se. We litigate lie hire His Honor,
 Fredericks Douglass. Judge Douglass finds
 no difficulty in interpreting the instrument
 as to leave Brown his horse, and is convinced
 that the horse justly belongs to Brow n. But
 the judge seas proof outside of the {instru
 ment, that I meant to defraud Brown out ot
 his horse. Will the judge Ire so partial to
 rascality as to award the horse to me T No J
 lie will not. Why then should he consent toi
 sacrifice the slave to rascally intentions It
 he should, I think it must lx? because during
 the greater part of Ins life, he lias lieen a
 slaveholder. The common opinion i 9, that
 F. Douglass is a runaway slave. Perhaps
 the truer opinion is, that lie is a runaway
 slaveholder
 Much, very much, my dear sir, do I desire
 to sec you—now more than ever. With you
 and your pa|ier on iho right side, something
 more can be done fur Liberty than has been,
 done. Why w ill you not come and abide
 a week in this county, and make my house
 your home.
 In great haste, your friend and brother,
 GERRIT SMITH.
 Pkterboro, Feb. 9, 1849.
Haktsville, Pa., Feb. 17, 1849.
 Frederick Douglass 1 was not a little
 surprised on learning from your note to Mr.
 C. H. Chase, that you have, upon a closer
 examination of the Constitution of the United
 States, discovered it not to be a pro-slavery
 instrument i. e. you have found nothing in
 the Constitution pro-slavery. Without en
 tering upon an elaborate discussion of this
 matter, permit me to direct your attention to
 the following clause, as a part of the written
 Constitution of this government: “No per
 son held to aervicy or labor in one State,
 under the lan s thereof, escaping into another,
 shall, in consequence of any law therein, be
 discharged from such service, but shall be
 delivered up on claim of the party to whom
 such labor may be due.” The question is,
 Are any persons held to aeivice or labor under
 the laws of anv of the States? Ceitainly—
 slaves arc held to service or labor under the
 laws of all the slave States. Now. the Con
 stitution of the United States expressly de
 clares, that such persons an held under the
 laws of one State, escaping into another,
 shall not be discharged from such service by
 anv laws therein, &amp;c. It was not necessary
 that iho word since should have been inserted
 in the Constitution, in order to fix its pro
 slavery character it is sufficient that the
 condition of lbe pn'sons referred to, is that o
 slavery under the laws of the slave States. 1&lt;
 stamp it pro-slavery.
 There are two classes of persons held t&lt;
 service or labor in the United States, viz: tlx
 apprentice and the slave. The former is belt
 for some specific time, according to agreemen
 betwem the parties; the latter, forever.—
 Undei the above provision in the Constitution
 either may be retaken in case he escape frnn
 the Slate in which lie is held. While tin
 Constitution does not in ao many words de
 dare slavery to be right, it does acknowledgi
 the right to hold man as projrerty for unde
 the laws of the slaveholding States, person
 sre held to service or labor perpetually, uhicl
 co nstitutes a state of slavery and the Con
 stitution imposes strong harriers against thi
 successful esca|&gt;e of such persons so held. 1
 guarantees to the master the right to claim hit
 fugitive slaves, and prevents any other Stati
 from affording him defence. Had the Conati
 lulion specified, that no slave, held under th«
 laws of any Stare, escaping, &amp;c., it coull
 not more clearly have defined the right of ani
 Slate to hold slavei, than it does under tin
 provision alluded to. What is a slave
 is a person held to service or continual labor
 unrewaid d, under the laws of certain Slat si
 of this Union. It has been said that it
 this clause the Constitution has no direct re
 ference to slaves. I contend that it has i
 direct, but not an isclustve reference to alavei
 «&gt;r persons held to service or labor. It refen
 also to the apprentice. If there is nothing u
 the Cotiatiiutton to justify the decision of the
 Supreme Court, then you might with pro
 priety vote under it, and even swear to sup
 port it. Ihe fact of the Supreme Court de
 nding upon a* being pro-slavery, is net thi
 ri hk.i, 'bat 1 am not disposed to vote unde?
 it, or to swear to support it. It is, that tht
 written Constitution, according to its reeding,
 is pro-slavery, and had the Supreme Court
 .h„, luore u Ultr; lhln lh&lt;
 OecUmtun of Sentim,,, „f Ule AoU SUt
 Saa 1 not be 0
 lu.„ W ,ort it. m 100, ,1* d ,o K f rre&lt;J
 remains in it, confirmatory of the falsehood
 Nor is it, in my est.mstiou, a good reason
 not to swear to support, simply because the
 Iramcrs of it, and those who adopted it,
 intended to give it a pro-slavery character.—
 It would matter but little to me what they in
 tended, were tbsre not a clause m it p|, ln |j
 selling forth that character. The corollarj
 is, the Constitution is pro-slavery, because h
 sanctions and defends those laws of the slavi
 Hisu-s which have made certain persona tub
 forever ty efcrtaiu other
 r-visoue ©f
States; i. e., under the laws of Soath Caro
 lina, persons ere held to service or labor per
 petually, without their consent, and are there
 by rendered slaves; and the CotwUtuUon of
 the United States provides measures for the
 recapture and return of each peteeoe, the
 event of their escaping into another State
 It would be satisfactory to mo to road yoor
 views upon this subject. I am anxious to
 know what now light has broke in upon your
 mind, disclooing the fact that the Constitetioa,
 if strictly construed according to its read
 ing,” is not pm-«lavery.
 Youn for the whole troth,
 R. B FORTEN.
TaeKTon, N. J., Feb. SIT, 1849.
 Faaoaaicx Docqlass :—I see in your last
 i Stab a call from a correspondent for “more
 light” in regard to a petition recently pre
 sented by ibe undemgned to the Legislature
 of New Jersey, making a secession of this
 State from the American Union. In answer
 to the call, I will briefly state the reason pre
 sented in that petition for the proposed se
 cession.
 1. Because the colored people of this State,
 solely on account of their color, cannot visit
 the Southern States without being subject to
 fine, imprisonment, or enslavement for life*, in
 disregard of that clauae of the U. S. Consti
 tution which declares, The citizens of each
 State shall be entitled to a]l the privilege!!
 and immunities of citisens in the several
 States."
 2. Because liberty of speeeh or of th*
 press, in opposition to slavery, can be exer
 cised by our citizens who visit the Southern
 States, only with imminent peril to their lives.
 3. Because it is morally degrading, politi
 cally disastrous, and a glaring paradox for a
 State glorying in its freedom to remain in
 partnership with States glorying in slavery.
 4. Because by the alliance of the North
 with the South, the slave power has already
 been enabled to acquire large territories, and
 is now reasonably supposed to be plotting for
 the annexation of Cuba, for the extension
 and peipetuation of its supremacy.
 5. But especially because, by the compro
 mises of the U. S. Constitution, Southern
 slaveholders are allowed a slave representa
 tion in Congress the right to hunt and seiie
 fugitive slaves on the soil of New Jersey
 and to demand, in cases of emergency, the
 aid of New Jersey in the suppression of any
 attempt by their slaves to obtain that freedom
 which is their natural and moral right, but of
 which they are most wickedly and unjustly
 deprived and ao long as the people of this
 State consent to these compromises, so long 1
 will they be morally and politically responsible j
 for all the cruelties aud horrors of the slave
 system.
 These reasons, you will perceive, are the
 same as those for which the Massachusetts
 legislature was petitioned to adopt a similar
 course. They are to my mind conclusive and
 satisfactory. If the State becomes a paitici
 pant in the maintenance of slavery, and
 makes herself responsible for its extension
 and j»erpetuity, by continuing a member of
 the Uuion, it is certain that she aahould se
 cede from the Union, and thus, in some de- j
 gree, cease to do evil.
 That she is still criminal in other matters—
 that she still may be considered, to some ex
 tent, a slaveholding State (though professing
 to be free, having changed her slavery, in
 name at least, to apprenticeship)—that she
 still ‘refuses to treat her colored citizens as
 men, and closes her seminaries, colleges and
 universities, the bar and her legislative halls,
 against them—do not, in my opinion, consti
 tute valid objections to petitioning her to
 withdraw her suppoit from the peculiar in
 stitution,” and to cease acting longer as a
 watch-dog for the Southern plantations
 At the time of the presentation of my peti
 tion, the Legislature had before it several me
 morials, praying that the rights of eitixenship
 (the elective franchise and eligibility to office)
 might be conferred upon the colored men of
 the State. These two petitions pointed out
 the way, and affoided an opportunity to the
 Stale of shaking off the old man and his
 deeds,” by acting in accordance with their
 prayer. She chooses, however, to occupy
 her old position, and while she refused to re
 ceive the one, declined granting the reasonalde
 request of the other. Thus she has sLmvn
 her faith by her works, and that faith disen
 titles her to the confidence or love of any
 Irtend of liberty or humanity.
 Truly yours,
 ALFRED G. CAMPBELL.
Report of Meetings at Rnshville.
 The friends of tbolition in Rushville met
 the 19th inat., according to appointment, to
 consider the case of those in bondage, and to
 listen to an adddress upon the subject by
 Frederick Douglass, the well-known defender
 1 of his race, and the fearless opponent of sla
 very in all its forms. Ths manner in which
 he introduced the subject in the commence
 ment of the meeting, rendered it obvious to
 the pro-slavery part of the audience, that there
 was originality and genius yet among the
 long-despised race. The introduction was
 very edifying; as were also the remarks of
 John S. Jacobs, who, in a touching style,
 gave a brief detail of his sufferings while a
 slave. The manner of recital was such as to
 convince all that be was one of those who, by
 some strange interference of Providence, had
 escaped from the hands of the taskmaster.
 In progress of the meeting, some remarks
 made in defence of the Constitution called out
 an elderly gentleman, formerly from Maiy
 land, who, from early association prob
 ably, entertained a fondness for the chattel
 system. He had a moat uueueceesful labor,
 as far as his argument was concerned, and a
 newly fledged limb of the law came to the
 rescue. Not being able to maintain what his
 pro-slavery friend had aeseited, he finally left
 for documents which he evidently needed, bu
 which, when procured, proved to be the esse
 of what Mr. Douglass hsd asserted. The
 honorable gentlemen left the floor, evidently
 feeling very much ae the smaller animal did
 when he had the honor of contending with a
 lion, being vanquished, consoled himself with
 the reflection that it was by a lion. The in
 terruption was uncalled for, and the audience
 none the wiser for it, save that it paved the
 way for some interesting remarks from Mr.
 Douglass, in regard to the Constitution.—
 None of the pro-slavery gentlemen n*»—
 seemed willing to
 ...~a uie field of debate.
 ‘-“ose the Indian mode of warfare—keep
 ing up an occasional grumbling, in older to
‘Vf ty. i H i
 draw the attention of the audience, or to dw
 concert the speaker. To deliver the meet
 ing front any odium that may be attached
 r to it, I will say, that the utftoontial, well bred
 i port of the {community held then peace, nod
 i' probably were the means of restoring other*
 who felt disposed to do diffinwatly.
 j In the evening the ntdieoee was again .ad-
 I dressed upon the subject of slavery but the
 star of the room, aod some circumstance* at
 tendant upon warming it, rendered the
 so intensely cold, that it was Hnpoaable for th*
 etowd to remain quiet, or for the speaker to
 proceed with any degree of comfort. Many
 bad come from a distance, with the expecta
 tion of hearing an eloqoent harangue, and
 eonld not understand why a comfortable place
 could not have been procured. Mr. Douglass
 addressed th* meeting, and was succeeded by
 Mr. Jacobs, who beiog unable to proceed oo
 account of the confusion, retired; and Mr.
 Douglass took the stand, aod for several min
 utes poured forth s strain of eloquence enough
 to warm an iceberg. Every one seemed to
 forget himself, and to listen with increasing
 interest. The sm of holding the image of
 i Christ in bondage, and of selling the human
 form, appeared more appalling than ever, and
 the character of tlioec who legalise the ain,
 seemed to lose the cloak that has so long hung
 over it, and the cloven foot of the semblance
 of justice to display itself. The intensity of i
 the cold rendeied it im[H&gt;asible for Mr. Doug
 lass to proceed, and the meeting closed with
 I many regrets that rt should have been a failure
 in part.
 Since I wrote the altove, we have again
 been favored with an address from Messrs.
 Douglass and Jacobs, and under the moat
 favorable circumstances. Th* chapel was
 very kindly offered, and the happy combination
 of light and warmth betrayed the generous
 spirit of those who, if not aholitionials, in
 general, are willing that otliera should speak
 their sentiments upon the subject. The house
 was crowded to overflowing, and ths care;
 taken by the sexton to see that all were pro
 perly seated, and that every corner was suffi
 ciently illuminated, prevented all eonfusion
 and disturbance of any kind. The auditory
 were silent and attentive, and not one dissent
 ing voice was heard during the meeting It
 being Sabbath evening, Mr. Jacobs opened
 the meeting with prayer, and made some very i
 befitting remarks in regard to ths time and I
 object of meeting there. Mr. Douglass suc
 ceeded him, and by a chain of argument, both
 brilliant and profound, left the laws and reli-:
 gion of the South in a very perilous position
 the sympathies of all were enlisted, and their I
 judgment appealed to. The speaker, in my’
 .estimation, emphatically posassaea the power
 ascribed to George Thompson by William L.
 Garrison—the faculty of thinking on his legs;
 in an incredible manner. The moment hej
 rises, a perfect “crowd of thoughts,” in the
 language of Byron, seems to surround him;
 an intense feeling calls up all the resources of
 his mind; and the love of kindred and free
 dom seems to rouse every energy. That a
 good effect was produced by his efforts is
 very trident. If we could occasionally have
 an abolition lecture of like character, it is
 doubtful whether there would be so much in
 difference upon the subject as there now ex
 ists. E. E.
 Rusmvillk, March 5, 1849.
From onr own Correspondent.
 London, Feb. 23, 1849.
 The Grand Duke of Tuscany has fled from
 his Capital of Florence, and has thereby
 added another element of confusion to the
 Italian Peninsula. A Republican ministiy
 Hts been constituted, and placed in communi
 cation with that of Rome, also Republican.
 As things now are, there seems but small
 chance of the Pope’s return to the an
 cient oi?y. He remains at Gaeia, and is so
 badly off for money, that a collection was
 made for him throughout the Roman Catholic
 chapels of England on Sunday last. Spain
 iias very chivalrously offered to replace the
 temporal crown upon his head, and has with
 great difficulty got together ten thousand
 troops for that purpose. The expense of the
 armament, if allowed bv tbe other European
 powers to proceed to its destination, will be
 great. The respective items, no doubt, will
 form a curious subject of contemplation to tbe
 Spanish botid-hdd* rv. The Wallenstein,
 whose—*
 l.ife w:is hut a Untie ami a march:
 Aiml, like the wiucl't Mast, never resting, home
 less;
 h-&gt; stormed across tlie war-convulsed earth,”
 has left no inadequate successor in Prince
 Windischgratz, whose reputation as a gen
 eral must he greatly heightened by his con
 duct of the Hungarian campaign. There
 seems to be small hope that Kossuth will
 ever extricate himself from the corner into
 which the Austrian has driven linn. Heavy
 masses of Russians hang on the frontiers,
 making that a wall to him.
 The majority of tbe French seem delighted
 with their President. He has sedulously and
 successfully cultivated the arts whereby his
 famous uncle was wont to win popular appro
 bation. A succession of elegant balls given
 at his palace, has completely renovated tbe
 spirits of tbe light-hearted Parisians. Con
 sidering the firm attitude his government as
 sumed, and the strong poftiiion they have suc
 ceeded in maintaining, his determined adher
 ence to them has been a great advantage to
 himself.
 The Legitimist and Orleanist patties are
 said to have made much progress latterly.—
 Many suppose they will accomplish a fusion,
 by projecting tbe succession of the young
 Count de Paris, oo tbe demise of tbe Duke of
 Bordeaux, who shall have been proclaimed
 Henry tbe slh of France, whenever an eligi
 ble opportunity of doing so shall have pre
 sented itself. If Loui* Napoleon shall be
 found to possess one-tenth of his unde's
 brains, while he lives, that opportunity will
 never arrive. S. P. Q. R.
Anti-Slateby in England. —At a recent
 meeting of tbe Birmingham Anti-Slavery So-
 eiety reported by the Mercury, Mr. All- j
 bright rend the report, which took a review of
 the anti-slavery roovemeuts during the past'
 tear, in various part* of tbe world; and no
 ticed with great pleasure the circumstance of'
 the late provisional government of France
 having determined, by a eoMe effort, u» pot
 an end to slavery in every part of u»eu do-1
 minions; the 27th of April
 which a coo”*'**
 -—a im day on
 t .**e emancipation of their slave*
 waa to take place, and declaring that tbe
 .lave who touches the soil of France, nr ney
 &lt;»f the ptweaaion* of th# republic, becomes free.
 By this act of the provimoual government 250,
 000 of A fries seas would become freemen.
Portugal had given orders for the emanci
 pation of her slaves, and in other parts of the
 world serfage had been abolished. It was
 expected that Russia would not long with
 stand the influence of freedom. Mr. Join
 Scohell, Secretary to the British and For
 eign Anti-Slavery Society, observed, that
 France was now as free from the taunt of
 slavery as Great Britain herself, and had re
 leased 2304W0 slaves. Denmark had set free
 70,000, and Holland Was oo the pout of foi
 j lowing the example. The Brazilian empire
 was supposed to contain three millions of ne
 groes. and there were 800,000 in the Span
 ish colonies in the same state of slavery.
 There waa a large demand for African
 m eoaseqaenee of the fiscal measures of this
 country, and tbe slave trade had, aoce the
 passing of those measures, takea a moat gi
 gantic stride. Their labors to put down the
 slave trade were all ia vain, for they had not
 been able to prevent tbe number of slaves
 being exported to meet tbe extra demand of
 the slave market. It sras found that the safe
 I arrival of ooe out of four slavers w ould pay
 expenses, and at this time there were from
 15,000 to 90,000 slaves crossing the Atlantic
 to supply the slave market. The Auu-SJa
 very Society, therefore, rocomeuded tbe with
 drawal of the cruising squadron, and that go
 vernment direct attention to the treaties with
 Span and Brazil, and in the name of the peo
 ple of England to demand the fulfilment of
 those treaties, and e fleet tbe liberation of
 every African illegally introduced into Bra
 zil or any of the Spanish colonies contrary to
 the faith of those treaties. In the course ot
 his speech, the Rev. T. Swan observed, that
 in the United Slates 600 Baptist ministers bad
 abandoned slavery. Joseph Sturge, Esq
 motod a resolution, to the effect that the;
 meeting learned with abhorrence the fear- 1
 iul increase o! slavery during the last two!
 years, which it attributed to tbe iutrod.ctk i
 of slave-grown sugars from Cuba and Brazil
 into the British market, and its continuance
 to the bad faith of Spain and Brazil, and was
 of opinion that the British government rhotilrf
 demand of those countries the liberation
 of all Africans illegally detained in sla
 very, in contravention of existing treaties.
Jonathan Carver, who traversed the
 North West in 1777 wrote a history of it.
 He was not able to gel it published in this
 country, as his statements were considered
 visionary. It was done in London, but was not
 credited. His nonce of the existence of an
 abundance of copper on Lake Superior, has
 proved true. ills remarks in relation to
 California we are getting daily evidences of.
 We never beard of an American edition of
 the work being published; probably but few
 copies of the work are to be found'. —Detroit
 Free Press.
Clippings from English Papers.
 A Novel Entertainment.—*The Mayor
 of Liverpool and his lady gave a soiree,o r con
 versazione, at the Town Hall, on Tuesday j
 evening, at which about fourteen hundred la-i
 dies and gentlemen were present. One of
 the most interesting attractions of the evening
 is said to have been the workings of the
 elec'.ric telegraph, the introduction of which
 novel invention of scientific skill had been
 effected by a line of wires from the office of
 the Electric Telegraph Company to the front
 of the Town Hall, and so on through the win
 dows of the centre drawing-room. All the
 apparatus of the Electric Company had been
 perfectly arranged for the purpose, and the
 instrument was worked with as much ease
 and regularity as in the office itself. By this
 novel arrangement guests had an opportunity,
 at any time during the evening, of commu
 nicating with their friends at Manchester, j
 Birmingham, Rugby, or London. The com-
 pany moreover, were informed at intervals,
 what was taking place in the houses of Par
 liament, the names of the Members who were
 speaking at the moment, and upon what sub-*
 jects they were addressing the Legislalure.
 The First communication which took place at
 half-past nine o'clock, informed the company
 that Colonel Sipthorpe had just given notice
 of a inotiou for the reduction of the salaries of
 ministers of one-half. A subsequent com
 munication, received at ten o’clock, stated
 that Lord John Russell had given notice that
 he should move for a bill to alter the oaths
 to lie taken by the members of parliament.
 A third communication, received about half
 past ten, was to tbe effect that Sir Horace
 Grey had moved for leave to continue the
 suspension of the Hapeas Corpus Act in Ire
 land, ami that Mr. John O'Connell had vehe
 mently opposed it. Similar communications
 were received during the whole of the evening,
 at siiort intervals, and altogether the amuse
 ment thus afforded by this portion of the eve
 ning’s entertainment was exceedingly inter- j
 cstiug to the company. The printing tele- 1
 graph was also in active operation, and by its
 wonderful workings and |lightning-like com- j
 munications, perfectly astonished every one'
 present.
 Visit to Paris.—According to the Daily
 News, an Association of gentleman is iff the
 course of formation, for the purpose of return
 ing the visit of the French National Guards
 to London. In less than a month several
 thousand Englishmen are to proceed to Paris
 and remain there for a week.
 Educate the Army.—The Duke of Wel
 lington says, and Ills saying deserves to t&gt;e
 written in the largest letters over the florae;
 Guards, and round every cannon’s luou’h,
 “It is time thut ignorance should cease in fie
 British army.” And it is high time; bit ve
 hope none of our military readers will h ve
 their vanity wounded,’if we venture to put toe
 following question —“When the aforesaid g
 norance ceases, how long will the British ar
 my last*” Is it to lie expected that 40,000
 men will quietly u alk into a field to kill, or
 to be killed, when they are in a state to reason 1
 Depend upon it they will not do it to please
 anybody But still we cry, as loudly as the
 Duke, “Educatethe army.”— Punch.
 Annihilation or a Village. —The fish
 iug village of Milton, in the pariah of ijt
 Cyrus, one of the earliest fishing stations,
 on the east esast of Scotland, is now literally
 a heap of ruins. Various causes have been
 at work to bring about this melancholy state
 of things but none’ has acted ao powerfully
 ,as tbe encroachment of the sea. About sixty
 or seventy years ago tbe then tenant of Mil
 too farm had the privilege of quarrying lime
 and stone for his own use all along the adjoin
 ing coast, and having removed a range of
 limestone rocks that protected tbe village from
 the fury of the sea, withdrew tbe protection
 with which nature had favored tbe spot.
 From that period to tbe present day tbe decay
 of the once-flourishing village has been grad
 ual and progressive. Patriarchs of tbe dis
 trict can remember tbe time when tbe village
 consisted of several parallel ranges of bouses
 with gardens, bleaching greens, flic., more
 than a hundred yards of the present nuns. It
 may be remarked that there seems to be a
 general encroachment of the sea haven to
 beyond tbe North Eek sear Montrose and
 at so distant date tbe pebbly diflh of 8t Cvros
 will again be chafed by the waves of ancient
 ocean. Stonehaven Journal.
 Slavcby has become tbe ruling principle
 of American policy. It determines the Gov
 ernment, the laws, the appointment*, and
 pervades the whole political life of the Uiuoo
 Not is its mflseece confined to politics. It
 baa taken «f ths ebarebdb, sad in
 volved ministers of tbe Gospel ofCknst,—not
 as sea timed individuals, fart anting in col
 lective bodies,—m the guilt of saocnoaiag the
 grossest immoralities, because »betr auppfe*
 cion would be looottuilcol with laws *h)oh
 make a property of °fthe person# of man
 It is no tr nummary b *dd
 the levehiw** .©r mature to
 ...cture, by alloding to the
 .amble commons wfaeh fa o«ono«l, »nm&gt;-
 duced amongst the fcmrt*** »bo*e wbojwa
 slave*. It i. enough that in otm hfaf of
 north n of its poMie Me, sre tainted to the
 pore by the dendly maaal ftmm wfacb Ok
 existence of Slavery generate*. London Je
 fwirtr.
Commercial
Rochester, Mat tb li,
 Oar market it prt. We hear at mm Mk. «f
 Ftenr at repartaace. Uwm mctk
 Whret db few HOM at 91.11t1.1i Utti
 have improved mn mm teat. aad mil at tlllr
 Bwttev and Eggs are gtniaf piracy. Wa quote the
 tanner at UCUr, aad Eggs lStlSr. Timothy
 scad srlb at 99t92J9, according to quality.—
 Fresh Paris is worth 954 f hundred. CoreishraUe
 of it ia ye- tarda t.
Rochester Wholesale Pi mu Cumt
 FI.OITI a»d MEAL—DaIy ttpeadnl
 Floe.pbU OiW
 Com seal, y bosh 46 •47
 PROVISIONS.-Dwy;Herf.Pnrh.Ham*. Bacou.
 Batter aad Lard, Mf c; Cheese p c *d nl
 Pork, (mem) IS 00 14 00
 ft&gt;. at bog O I SO
 Beef, cwt. 500 500
 Do. bhl. (new) 7 09 O 810
 Lard (tried) ft 7|B
 Do. (leaf,)
 Haw, (smi&gt;ke«l) 7
 Shoo Hem. do SO.. 5
 TWkeys ft 0
 Chickens 0
 Potatoes, bush 38 O 50
 GRAIN —Datv; 20 f c ad val
 Wheat, hash 1 12
 Cora 45 0t 44
 Rye O 63
 Oats
 BarVy 80 50
 HIDES-—Duty; 5 qp c ad val
 Slaughter 3j
 Calf ..10
 Sheep Pelts 40 0 75
 SEEDS—DaIy; Linseed 10 if c; Mustard 20 f
 r ad val
 Clover 3 50 6 4 00
 Timothy 200 300
 Flax 1 00
 FISH— Duty ini foreign might; 2D tf cad val
 WhitefishliM 7 00
 Codfish rwt 3 50
 SUNDRIES—
 Salt, |p bhl 1 25
 Apples, |p liush .36
 Do. dried O 62$
 Eggs, |p dox 14
 Beans, |p booh 75 75
 Hay, |p ton 700 0 11 00
 Hard wood 3 00
 Soft Wood
er 11 scmcn t s.
JOB PRINTING.
 THE NORTH STAR OFFICE, is furnished
 with nn» Job Type, for the execution of every
 description of Printing with neatness and despatch.,
 at tlie lowest prices for cash, vix:
 Hand-bills, Blanks, Bill-heads,
 Programmes, Circulars, Bills of Lading,
 Pamphlets, Cards, Labels, &amp;c.
Narrative of the life of Freder
 ick DOUGLASS, written by Jiimself, to be
 had at this office, price 30 cents.
CHARLES JONFS, North Star House, No. 26,
 North Strcet,f between Fifth and Sixth, and
 Market and Arch streets, Philadelphia.
 Strangers visiting the city will find the North
 Star House the most central, convenient and com
 fortable House in Philadelphia.
 Philadelphia, Dec. 1, 1848 3m49
BOOKS, fcc., For Sale at the Anti-Slavkrt
 Office Reading Room, No. 25 Buffalo
 at-, Second Story opposite the Arrade:
 Narrative of Frederick Douglass.
 Jonathan Walker.
 Portrait
 Spooner on Unconstitutionality of Slavery.
 W. Phillips reply to do.
 Legion of Liberty.
 Slavery illustrated by its effect on Woman.
 Also a rich variety of Fancy and useful articles
 made by the Ladies' Anti-Slavery Society.
Asylum for tbe Sick who have been con
 fined to their beds from 1 to 20 years.
 DR. HAMILTON’S Hydropathic and Anyalytic
 Asylum, No 217 Exchange Street, opposite tlie
 Orphan Asylum, Rochester, N.Y. This Institution
 is now firmly establislied and in successful opera
 tion. Tlie proprietor analyzes every disease that is
 admitted there, and applies the natural and appro
 priate remedy. Although water is used in every way
 that is applied in any water-cure establishment in
 ihe United States, yet the proprietor wishes it to I*
 expressly understood that it is not relied on as the only
 or principal icmedy in tbe treatment of disease sub
 mitted to his care.
 This Establishment is designed for that class of
 invalids who have failed to olitaiii their health by all'
 other systems «f practice, and are still unable to
 walk or stand on their feet, and are confined to their
 oeds, wearing out a life of misery and suffering with
 qut any liope of ever lieiug any better.
 The remedies made use of hi this Institution not
 1 only entirely remove disease lait give increased
 strength and elasticity to the system. Many have
 been brought here from different parts of the couu
 i try, who had neither walked or borne their weight
 lon their feet from five to fifteen years; and some
 i who have lieen unable to dress or undress, or even
 to feed themselves, and in tlie course of a few weeks
 would lie walking with the elasticity of vouth and
 the quickness of a pedestrian, astonished at them
 j selves, and surprising tlieir friends and all who saw
 tliein when they first came. The treatment of this
 Institution is particularly calculated to remove tlie
 diseases peculiar to females, such as
 Ist. Tbe falling of the Womb, in all its stages
 and conditions in patients, from twelve years of age
 up to sixty, and even if they have lieen confined to
 their beds from one to twenty, unable to stand, walk,
 dress, or undress themselves, or even too feeble to
 bear any noise or speak aloud.
 2d. Weakness and Falling of tlie Bowels; Pain
 in the Siile, Shoulder-, Back and Head; Spinal
 Diseases, Liver Complaints, Sinking Sensation at!
 tbe Stomach, Palpitation of the Heart, Dyspepsia
 in all its forms and stages, Piles, Costiveocss, Di
 arrbire, Suppression of the Menses, Excessive i
 Menstruation, Whites, all Nervous Diseases, Cokl
 Feet and :lands, St. Anthony's Dance, Tetters of
 all kinds, Salt Rheum, in its wotst forms, Neural
 gia, Tic Douloureux, Rheumatism, Conanmptiod iu
 its hist stages, General Weakness and Debility.
 Tlie proprietor lias given his wliole attention to
 the above diseases for the last len years, and has
 treated them in an entirely different' way from any
 J oroer private practice or public Institution in tin's
 country and such has been his success, and so cer
 tain are his remedies in their effects on those dis
 eases, tint instead of publishing a long list of cer
 tified cures, he wishes to give that class of invalids
 seeking to obtain their health a sufficient guarantee
 again*t any false pretensions,*exaggeration, impo
 sition or deception, so that no oue need be to any
 expense iu this Instilutiou w ithout being bauefited.
 The proprietor will enter into a special contract
 with any one who wishes to do so, that he will ad
 mit into the Institution, to advance the ausvy ami
 pay all the expenses from asv part of the Unfed
 Bt*tes here aad hack home again, before he com
 mences the treatment, and give a bond to board them,
 together with his professional services, for nothing, j
 if he does not help them according to contract. Amy
 one thinking the above proposition not a sufficient i j
 guarantee against misrepresentations and expense
 without receiving equal benefit, eaa Ist the propne-
 tor know what will be satisfactory, aad U shall he
 dnK cm aidered.
 Thm Institute*! has grown ap from private prac-,
 tx* by the infinrare of those who have been helped
 here, as nothing has ever been published before;
 aad the proprietor means that it shall sustain itself
 by its own merits, or pay the expense of those who
 choose »o mnk* a coot-art ia case of failure. The
 design at this Circular is not to make known the
 cures that have been mode ia this instil at ion, because 1
 they must sosa be believed; hat lo let it he more
 extensively known to the poor mfienug invalids I
 that have spent haadnds of dollars ia try.ag all
 other ifdmi of practice, aad without much m aay i j
 benefit, aad mill remain confined to their beds from j,
 five to twenty years, that them is an In* retire 1,
 whose treatment «s different from aay other one the
 United Stases, aad is particularty adapted to their
 ■•retina, aad eaa have it coat them nothing re less j
 -i itiaiatrtalif lrere*£am.l
 UMPj W
 From the retime at treatment ia this lest datum, j
 the number of pat feats rent be limited, therefore the
 dawaot relied tha pntreaageef slight aad j
 onhaary amt which may he eamfer helped by other
 systems of prartsre, aor done ho want aay ore to
 eome, safess they wish to gat waff, and are wiling
 to he made weff oaonghto wat from five to twenty
 milrs at a Uma, aad fatten *sp day afier day ia
 i srrMmoa; aad gire witting ta be mtfrMm*. to
 dmw M -rech labor aad fatigqe as most of peupfe
 that cal fasmrehre rettTSha mmm
 m the Areffire latest-** .wuimuarsi
 *rm*~* Mail show Ire thair in
 remote, ofastirily sT motsew, firmness
 ad re dm re'srel famssf sqpreme.l sw«^
 fcreat l praoice.
 AH eomremkattore addrnreed to Dr- THOMAS
 ttorhestor, past paids wi^eaaHva
 t &amp;fsM&amp; auaMsfi^asei
 ref ths prsprietar to garnet dm shore, expenses, d
 •qasr-pt
Sew Watch ik Jewelry Stere.
 JOHN EF.DZIE having changed km partarvship
 re telires, has removed his Shop tw»» finer*
 North to Ns. 11. State Stress, where he is [S ipored
 rersmfuii to i ugnti m the sale tf re entire new
 ■hah oMi sd, rrewstmg of GnU ami Silver
 FaghA, Aachnr, Hunaowtal and Vert mi Wstehee,.
 Gold Gourd aad Fob (Tmire. GoU Seal* aad Rev*.
 Geld aad Silver PrurtV, Spcrtsdr* aad TVablii,
 Gold Ear-Rings. Bracelets, and Fimrc-Kun—a
 goed assortment, cheap; a variety Ladies ami
 Gentlemen’s Breast-Pins. new stile; double and
 single Homing ("M and plated bekrt*. (told Pews,
 best quality. Sites* ami Shed Conte ami Cases,
 Fine Cattery, Ac. kr.
 The above and a variety of other desirable Goods
 areally kept in oar bainarm, are offered re more ad
 vantageous terms than ssoal; aad it m parbcwlarly
 desired that the goods shook i be examined, aad
 prices ascertained, before porrhasing eteewbrre ia
 this market.
 We manufacture irvl keep on hand a good assort
 awl of Silver Spoons, warranted as pure re Ame
 rican coin.
 Will also keep u assortment of Accunleoas aad
 other Mi&gt;**cal Instruments, which will be sold very'
 low.
 We Intend to keep a good assortment of the hew
 Brass Eqh-thy, 30 hots-, aad nhnn Clocks, as can
 be found ia this c by.—Call aad see lira.
 WATCH REPAIRING, faithfully done aad war
 ranted by an experienced workman.
 Farther particulars at No- 11 State Stirct.
 J. KEDZIF k Co.
 P. S.—To the Fanner* ia part ufar we would
 give notice, that we have a variety .4 Barometers
 which will give that knnwfedgc of lb- of the
 weather, so as to be aide to adopt hi business to its
 variation.. Please rail and examine ’ltem, as ever-
 man ought to ba«e one.
 Sep. 13, 1849. otn.
DR. A. CLARK,
 DENTAL SURGEON.
 J would respectfully inform the citixeus of R.to heater
 awl surrounding country, tltil I h.tve removed mv
 «ifiiee from No. 89 Smith’* Arcade to uiv dwelling
 bouse No. 92 Monroe Strett.
 1 lankliil lor past favors in the line ot uv profes
 sion, and flattering myself that I can give perfect
 satisfaction to all who may favor me with their jw
 tronage. I would invite all those who are de
 sirous ofliaving operations performed on t ie teeth or
 of having teeth inserted to call on incanl satisfy
 themselves.
 A. CLARK.
 N. B. All operations performed by me on tbe
 teeth and Plate Work warranted.
 Rochester, Oct. 13,1848. tf.
NEW PIMP FACTORY.
 THE subscriber takes this method to inform the
 citizens of Rochester ami vicinity, that be has
 just established a Pump Factory, at number 224,
 Maiu street, where lie will be happy to wait upou all
 wlio may farnr him with their patronage.
 Having had considerable experience in his line of
 business, he pledges himself to furnish as good an
 article, and of as good material, as can be procured
 at any other similar establishment in this city. His
 Pumps are furnished with cither wood or lead pi}**,
 as may suit customers. He also suspplies, to order,
 every description of Aqueduct Logs, or Lead Pipe.
 The subscriber will take pleasure in directing such
 of his customers as may require tbe information, to
 competent workmen, who will attend to all calls for
 digging, drilling, or blasting wells, promptly, and at
 reasonable rates. All kinds of Pumps repaired to
 order.
 QCp- The above work will be furnished at the
 lowest prices, for cash. Persons will do well to
 give him a call before purchasing elsewhere.
 J R FELT
 Rochester, July 14,1848. 1y29
Assignee’s Sale.
 AS Assignee of Stephex A. Leach, deceased,
 I shall sell at Public Auction at the Ar
 cade Hall (opposite the Post Office) in the citv
 of Rochester, on tlie 9th day of April, 1849, at l 2
 o’clock M., “One undivided fourth part of all that
 tract or parrel of land situate in tlie Village of
 Honeoye Falls, town of Mention, County of Mun
 roe and State of New York, Iwninded and described
 as follows- Beginning at the west comer of a lot
 of land owned in the year 1843 by Ezra R. Bf.x
 toh, and now occupied by Asa Pride, and on the
 Northerly line of Munroe Street, thence along the
 line of said street north forty eight degrees, west
 one chain twenty and one half links to Robert
 Rand’s line; Ux-nce north forty-two east
 at right angles with said street twocha us and thiriy
 nine linlys; thence north forty-eight degrees, west
 six feet and two inches; thence continuing alon,'
 said Rand’s line north thirty-nine degrees, east one
 chain and sixty-two links to Harrt Am. ex’s line;
 thence along his line south forty-eight degrees, east
 one chain; thence south thirty-four degree* fifteen
 minutes, west along said Allen’s lure- one chain
 sixty-four and a half links; thence south forty-five
 degrees ami forty-five minutes, east eight en links;
 thence along said Benton’s line (now su I Prides
 line) south forty-two ilegrees, west two tiiaius and
 thirty-nine links to the place of beginning, containing
 about half an acre of land, being tbe sani-• premises
 conveyed by said Le ach to Jr. rom eB. Ke i.lo ws,
 bv deed dated October 17th 1848, and recorded in
 Munroe county ck-rk’s office Oct. 19, 1948 at ten
 o’clock A. M., in lib. 82of deeds at 172 The
 alcove described premises will Ice sold subject to a
 ceitain mongage executed by said Leach to
 Charles Pauls, date.l lfiih and recorded in
 Munroe Comity Clerk’s Office on tiie Hih (lay of
 Oetotier 1848 at 10 o’clock A. M., in lib. 46 of;
 mortgages at [rage 500.
 Dated February 15th 1849.
 6* Jerome B. Fellows, Assignee.
POST AND WILLIS, Dealers in Diugs, Medi
 cines, CliemicaL-, Dye Stuffs, Paints, Varnish,
 Oils, Glassware, Brushes, Perfumery,
 Stork, French ami German Chemicals, Artists’
 Colors, Bru.-bea ami Canvass, Etberial Oil, Gold
 Leaf and Foil, &amp;c. kc.
 Being Agents for most of the celebrated Family
 and valuable Patent Medicines, and receiving the
 same directly from tlie Manufacturers or liieir Agents,
 they are enabled to fuijiph all orders at w I wile sale
 ano retail, on the most ta Curable term-.
 Iloimeopadiic Books, Medicines, and Family
 Cases, with full directions. Only agent' for West
 ern New York.
 Also, Sherwood’s Vibratory Magneti- Machine*,
 with directi&lt;Mis.
 Pliosgent- Gas; also Etberial Oil urn I-mips, for
 liurning the same. Those who would -onstilt eco
 noniy and convenience are invited to rcivue these
 Lamps. Tlie attention of Country Met hams. Phy
 sicians, Families, ami others, wishing -xts in ibe
 above line, ia requested at tlie APOTHECARIES*
 HALL, 4, Exctiange Street.
AUBURN usd ROCHESTER
 RAIL.RO AD
 /CHANGE IN TIME.—Tlie traina will comnence
 to leave Kocliester to-day at the follow ing time
 Eastward—at 124 4- H ami 74 r. r.
 W estward—at 2* A. 4* A. .mi 4* r. a.
 Rochester, December 5, 1848.
Bee f— Be f f— Bf t(
 A AJ. SHAW, Batchers, 3, Centre Market,
 beg to return their sincere thanks to tbe
 citizens of Rochester, for tbe liberal patronage be
 stowed upon them since they opened tbe above
 place. Moreover, it is tbeir earnest desire, by
 strict attention t» Iswiness, aad keeping always on
 hand an article of tin- first quality, to merit a still
 further extension of tbe patronage already so liber
 ally conferred upon them.
 N.B. They kgve at press at on band prize href o
 the first reality fed by Mr. Murdoch. Farmer,
 Baad vertex, Orleans Coaaty, N. Y.
■alr-CittfMff a&gt;4 DreMlif it
 RALPH FRANCIS’. Salooa, under tbe Eagle
 Buffalo-street jai 14—3 m
TRl\lkS! TRINES!
 THE fir* realssv at article ia to be had at I-AING
 k BON NELL’S new Estabhsfaaeai, Na. iff.
 State Street, Rochester. Also a general assort
 ment ef Valises, Travelling Begs, kr., uhieh are
 tefasad at the eery tenant prices far Cash.
 Carriage Tnmanmg executed ia tbe late* style
 red with dirpatrh, by J. T Lsuag, at bis sld sired
 ia Htate Htreet, &lt;ggs&gt;este the Mastsion Haase.
 J. T. L. having had extreme* expererecs ia Ihe
 Eastera market,, hooea la give saiisfartsea to a
 grenvre poUfa who sL)i favor htai with the* pa
 Rochester, July 14. Ifffiß. J*
BBSTOY IDTERTISEREm.
 SEW BOOKS.
 )RBALE at the Aau*Slavsry Dapretfoty. Z\,
 The Übavtj Befl V*MB. A faw repfes r.meia
 Life of Wifimm W. Brows. U Edstma. eAfafi
 tinaal retlsr and now engravings- Pries, bared,
 371 rts; ia paper covers, 25 eta.
 Mr. Bhaekfard’t Appeal m ruaJ to tha War with
 Mexico, lf4 cts.
 Pesitiua aad Doties at tha North, with "ff"
 Htevery. By Andrew r. PreU-dv
 Six Moasbs at Grarfeaberg. g- Msart c W, HP*-
 Dick CrociapAtehi, *ff
 I Thyter, tbe ttobfisr} the Differs* a
 Bv Hsrey C. Wngbt- 3 «Xs. stagte; 2ff
 •to. per Astral
HOME TOR REFORMERS.
 THE rebecs Rev hre removed in that meat, rearer
 meat, nod central brerdmg-hn—c, No. 2| Central
 Coart, where he wiN be meet happy to wfere some
 of the Fheadi at Reform, at reasorebte charges.—
 He wishes hi* fare to be the mural place n Bn*,
 koi, where the frwntfanfTrtepecrere, Peace, Parity,
 Free dew, the Pneoaer, kr-.saj arrt together,and
 enjoy a rerefiothbfa aad qaiet heree.
 Ceatral Coart aaem at W Washington sweet
 JOHN M. SPEAR.
 Boston, Aiy, 21. 1848.
 P. SMITH, No. Brattle Street,
 1 *&gt;«a of the Golden Ball New aad Seeood
 (fothmg Store.
Tfcf MiMirkißiu Qurterljlerifv,
 COMMENCED re the first of Demahre. 1847.
 V- to he cootmued oa ite In Marrh, Jaw. *nd
 »nd September It will fe. devoted to the latere*
 of no party or rtees. Ire Ha remdwrtors will rndea
 sor to present an open aad faw foil t&gt;r the notice
 and tsc its* ion ot matter* pm.™
 P'btKs, Latent are, Rekga&gt;a. red Hwaafaty.
 TW Review will be rnadacted by R. \V. Earer
 wo, Theodree Parker, and J. Elliot Cabot, asoistrd
 by several other gentlemen.
 Each number will cooUia shunt 125 pages, at the
 price of S 3 a year, ia advance.
 Communication*, subscriptions, kr. should h«
 addressed to the Publishers.
 COOLIDGE k WILEY,
 12. Water Street, Boston
RHBFRT MORRIS. Jr., Attorney ad Coun
 sellor at Law, Bran r s Building, State Street,
 BoHoa.
JOHN I&gt;. REVALEON, *Hair Cutting Saloon,
 O a»l Pcrfiunerv Emporium, 114, Blarkstoar-st.
JEW YORK ADVERTISEMENTS.
Jl ST PUBLISHED, and for *»le at the office of
 of the Anti Slavery Standard—
 Tlie Legion of l.ilorty, and Force of Truth, 10t!»
 edition.
 This work contains about 23ft pages of close
 reading; 3UO eminent authorities, ami ahwut sixty
 illustrative eiigraviugs. Price 37| cts. iu musliu,
 aixl 25 cents in paper covers. A vety liberal dis
 count to those who (airrliase a number oPcopies.
 Tlie Condition, Inthiencr, Rights, and A|ipeal of
 W omen.friHii various autliors, 12* cents.
 Letter to tlie People ot tin* l nitetl StJtfB, lotii*liitij|
 the Matter of Shivery. By Theodore Parker.—
 pp. 120. Price 18* cents."
 in. W. Brown’s lecture befiire tlie Female A S.
 Society of' Sah-w, Mass. Reiiortc.i by 11. M.
 Parkhurst, Boston.—pp. 22. Price Scents.
WILLIAM 8. POWELL, Sailor’s Horn., 61,
 Cherry Street.
 DR. J. M’CUNE SMITH, 93, West Broad
 way.
TJINNINGS, Surgeon-Denli.it, 185, North
 Broadway.
JOSEPH C. HOLLY, Boot and Shoe Maker,
 No. 97, Cranbery Street, Brooklyn.
 N.B. Hi (Miring neatly executed at the shortest
 notice and on the most reasonable trrin«.
PHILIP A. WHITE, Druggist, corner of Frank
 fort and Gold Street.
GENTEEL boarding house.
 CHARLES HIGHGATE, would respectfullv in
 form his friends ami tlie public, that he continues
 to devote every attention to those pleased to favor
 his home” with a call. Tlie house is pleasantly
 located at 632 Broadway, Albany
 Feb. 18, 1848.
'ITTILLIAM RICH, Hair Dressing and Bathing
 f v Saloon, Troy House, Troy, New York.
NEW PUBLICATIONS.
 WILL BE READY IN A FEW DAYS,
 WAI.K F.R’s Appkal, with a brief sketch of
 bis life l»y Henry Highland Garnet.
 Also, Garnkt’s Addrtu wo the Slave? of the l r n»
 ted Stater. This address was rejected by the Na
 tional Convention at Buffalo in i 843. Tlie edition
 is small, ami those who desire copies will do well to
 send in their orders earlv.
 JUBT PI BLISIIED, a Lecture entitled Thi
 Past and Prksent Condition or the Color
 F.D Race, by Henry Highland Garnet.
 Published at Troy, N. Y. Orders attended to.
 April 28, Bin.
tieiertl Office.
 (l EO W GOINES having opeoed an Establi-h-
 VJ meat at tlie Philadxlchia Institutk
 LnnUird Sfroet, above Seventh, for tlie purrs.*• „f
 procuring honest and laithfiil dnmcstic* for ilio-e
 win. may require them, and obtaining places lor
 mcli a* are qualified and in want thereof, hegs leave
 to refer to the following named gentlemen, who have
 kindly permitted the use thefr names as
 RCF krkncks:
 Anore w M’Mikin Editor of the American Courier
 Robert Morris, Editor of the lm|uirer
 Jasper Harding, Publislier of die inquirer
 diaries J. Peterson, Editor of Neal’s Gazette
 Thos. B. Florence, Editor of Times ami
 Kolieit llowell, 88, Clvsiiut Street
 Hilliam J. Mullen, 278, Caliierinc Street.
 Philadelphia, Sept. 1, 1848. |y-_3g.
DR. D. J. PECK, Physician and Surgeon, Phi
 ladelphia Institute, Lornlred Street, ahnvo
 Seventh. j y gg
FREE PRODUCE STORE.
 NEW GOODS just recived. General redm tinn
 hi prices.
 Fine 4-4 Prints, various styles.
 New styles of Prints of medium quality, usual width
 Fiiie and wide Paper Muslins. Also Colored
 1 aiuisi icji.
 •‘’nperuu- fine ChiuU UaibrcUas
 Oil Cloths.
 Satinets, gissl ami cheap. Also oh Kami, mostly at
 reduced prices, Gingham*, various qualities ami
 styles.
 Fine and heavy Shirting, Slieetingr, and Pillow
 hbmiiobs
 Btrined Cambrics. Fine 6-4 Pteid Muslin.
 Muslin «h- Lime, plain am) neatly figured, ail wool
 Linen., warranted free from cotton
 1 lanm-ls 4-1 good and price low. Caaton flaunelr,
 white and colored.
 Table Diafier and Walls, of different styles.
 Apron ami Fun.iture dteck. Cotton Handkerrha-f*.
 Cotton Twilted PanUtemi Stuffs. Also Linen
 Drilling, &amp;t&lt;
 Isnig ami lialf Hose, fine and heavy.
 Knitting Cotton, Various Nos., Ideached, brown, and
 colored.
 W adding, white ami entered Cotton Laps. Also,
 Refined Lsif, Crushed, ami Pulverized Sugar.
 Brown Sugar, gmsi ipodity, of varsw* grade*.
 The whole shark exclusively Free Labor fioods,
 U&gt; which tbe Subscriber wo«U invite tbe attention
 of country utorbanls, as Well as his friends ami ihe
 public generally.
 Mrnh pains is take,, by tbe Managers ot the Free
 I rodure Association, lo assfet fbe Suiwcriber to eu
 large tbe assortment from time to time.
 GEOKtiE TAYUiR.
 Northwest corner Fifth and Cherry -ate
 Philadelphia 2d mo. Ist, 1848. |f
Fret Ukr Ms,
 V s 1 'T' RED by the American Free Pro
 tote* Aseoemtow. and for sate at No. 31. North
 Fiftb-suert, Philadelphia:
 Manchester Ginghams; Checks, Apron nml Fur
 nrere; Canton PlaaneJ, anlAeasi-d, Muslin,
 and
 o*' far bamgi, Down aad colored;
 Bird Lye Towels; bfark and white Wadding;
 »I Wic kf Med Ticking, an ex-
 Stockings, kin at mg Cotton,
 Orders for Goods, letters •leaning iafiomatsoa.
 A-l-iresnod to J. Miller MrKim, 31, North
 Fiffhwtna-t; Uurei L. Milter, Tretfooirect; to
 Jams. Mott, No. 35. Church Alley.
 8 teege and haadoome arexiiuret ot Pf*»*
 rehmaL jol—tf
Ittli-Marery
 NVs 31, .North Fifth Street, Ptufmdelfhre.
 AFULL tmmamm* amUtevery pM~tU*mt
 m kept rcstotiy hmad- Ateo aJbusdaare
 m 2 hWy Stotterery.
 Ail tetters retells* to lbs brewrss of the office
 Mdter Mr Kao, 31. North
 Fifffesoret. PI I I pU—tt
the DELAWARE ABOLITIONIST
 A PAPER 4 fka above mree wttt bn refifii i I m
 Wfatttgf H •Ne Drtewwre AtofeMtevtn
 Sreitoy. It »itt bn edited by I’rew litre, nod will
 be \4 hsked re A half mndsam than*, u twanty-f
 rente per year, or far twealyduar manbeis. ItwiUU
 ikvotod to rmnriytliia in IV In ware, sad »iff ad
 vocate it* ■rwfeliihtoial by all tew fid wtn It
 will be published aHBMWtoMUjt, if means are to
 -1 forded, or as often on the manna «re be dm mad
 JAMES B. BKtJOKE^
