Poctcp.
ftwi Dm GlmM TnM ft"""*
 JOSHUA R. GIDDISO®
 Hail’ cWmp*«« o t Troth!
 TV dtMdt« friemA of FroedQM —dof Right;
 To (W, the pots Mar of &lt;w cw-try*. y*«*h,
 l»ok wo io FeeiPs sight.
 With mingled hope and fesr,
 We wstrh Dm &lt;Wib progress of event*;
 And even how, it ndvancw Mr
 (■reesse# oor wipww.
 Opprenkm, hot and wv,
 Spread their corrupting influence* wooad,
 And threaten all oor lather* labored for—
 AH that their effort* crooned.
 The Uwtaaa raft for power,
 The pride of conquest and aggressive force,
 Like a dread torrent, threaten to devour
 Whate’er obstructs their coorae.
 We look to thee, to May
 The progren* of these moral leprosies;
 To drive their wasting, blighting power away.
 And save oor liberties.
 Ah! let thy voice be heard,
 As we have heard it in the olden now—
 A stern rebuke, which tyrant* long have eared.
 Reproving sin and crime.
 Speak boldly! speak the truth,
 And (alter not in danger’s hour!
 Troth sorely will prevail, (or age and yooth
 Attest iu ceaseless power.
 Still be thou undismayed,
 Though craven cowards wince beneath the r(W,
 And purchasod doughfaces,’ their prices paid,
 Bow low at slavery’s nod.
 Stand, like a granite rock,
 Unshaken, unaeduced, unterrihed,*
 Unawed by tyranny’s severest shock,
 Unmoved by wind or tide.
 Jefferson, Ashtabula Co., O.
IN SADNESS.
 BY J. R. LOWELL.
 Tliere is not in this life of our#
 One bliss unmixed with (ears;
 The liope that wakes our deepest powers
 A f ice of sadness wears,
 And the dew (hat showers our dearest flowers
 Is the hitter dew of tears.
 Fame waiteth long, and lingereth
 Through weary nights and morns.
 And evermore the shadow Death
 With mocking finger scorns,
 That underneath the laurel wreath
 Should be a wreath of thorns.
 The laurel-grove* are cool and green
 But the thorns are hot and sharp;
 I-can Hunger grins and stares between
 The Poet and his harp,
 Tho’ Love’s sunny slteen his woof have been,
 Grim Want thrusts in the warp.
 And if, beyond this darksome clime,
 Some fair star Hope may sec,
 That keeps unjarred the blissful chime
 Of its golden infancy—
 Where the harvest-time of faith sublime
 Not always is to Le;
 Yet would the true soul rather choose
 A home where sorrow is.
 Than in a sated bliss to lose
 Its life’s supreme*! Miss,
 The rainbow hues that bend profuse
 O’er cloudy spheres like this;
 The want, the sorrow, and the pain,
 That are Love’s right to cure,
 The sunshine bursting after rain,
 The gladness insecure,
 That makes us fain strong hearts to gain,
 To do and to endure.
 High natures must be thunder-scarred
 With many a searing wrong;
 From moliier Sorrow’s lireasts the bard
 Sucks gifts of deepest song;
 Not all u a marred with struggles liard
 Wax the soul’s sinews strong.
 Dear Patience, too, is born of woe,
 Patience, that opes the gate
 Where through the soul of man must go
 Up to each nobler state,
 WI lose voices flow so meek and low,
 S moolhs the bent brows of Fate.
 Though Fame be slow, yet Death is swift,
 And o’er the spirit’s eyes,
 Life afier life doth change and shift
 With larger destinies;
 As on we drift, some wider rift
 Shows us serener skies.
 And, though naught falleth to us here
 But gains the world counts loss,
 Though all we hope of wisdom clear,
 \N lien climbed to seems but dross,
 Yet all, though ne’er Christ’s faith tliey wear,
 At last may si are his cross.
A SONG.
 V WILLIAM WALLACE.
 Wliere in my Native Land!
 Where the East *|&gt;arkle»t
 Where the wide, wooded West
 By tlie *ea darkles!
 Where the «oft, sunny South,
 Like a bride glow ing,
 Sees the proud sun in »ta e
 To her couch going
 Where is my Native Land!
 That is my Native Land
 Where the East sparkles;
 Where the wide, wooded West
 By the sea darkles.
 Sooth and the North! alike
 t e claim my being;
 All races are the same
 To tlie All -seeing.
 IK.wo w ith tlie femUl e i
 Man If my brother;
 God it my Father, and
 E*rth is m&gt; Mother.
 The Wosld is my Native I«and!
 From the Ohio Standard.
 OH, CARRY ME BACK’
 The burning sun, from day to day,
 Looks down oa toil on pain,
 W bare drivers hold their heartless twav
 With whip and clanking chain.
 With cracking whip and clanking chain,
 Our woes will toon be o’er
 Oh, carry me buck to old Virginia,
 To old Virginia's shore!
 Where brood Potomac rolls away,
 A snow-white cabin gleams,
 A mother with her child at play—
 Oh, God, they mock my dream*.
 Tlie crack tag whip and clanking chain,
 lo dreams are heard do more.
 Oh, carry me back to olu Virgioia,
 ’1 o old Virginia’s shore.
 They coin our very heart for (old,
 Our sweat makes rich their soil.
 Where cotton fields are wide —nfled
 We drop sad dte a to j|.
 The erwduag whip aad claiming HHn
 la death ore heard no mon.
 Oh? cany aw bark mold Wimm.
 To old Virgiaia’s short.
Selections.
JOHTf BtJIfYAFT AIVD WX. KIPPIX.
 To the names of Baxter and Howe
 most be added the name of a man far
 below them in acquired knowledge,
 but in virtue their equal, and in genius
 their superior, John Bunyaa. Bunyan
 had been bred a tinker, and had served
 as a private soldier in the Parliamen
 tary army. Early in his life he had
 been fearfully tortured by remorse for
 bis youthful sins, the worst of which
 seem, however, to have been such as
 the world thinks venial.~His keen
 sensibility and his powerful imagination
 made his internal conflicts singularly
 terrible. He fancied that he was un
 der sentence of reprobation, that he
 had committed blasphemy against the
 Holy Ghost, that he had sold Christ,
 and that he was actually possessed by
 a demon. Sometimes loud voices
 from Heaven cried out to warm him.
 Sometimes fiends whispered impious
 suggestions in his ear. He saw visions
 of distant mountain tops, on which the
 sun shone brightly, but from which he
 was separated by a waste of snow. He
 felt the devil behind him pulling his
 clothes. He thought that the brand
 of Cain had been set upon him. He
 feared that he was About to burst as
 under like Judas. His mental agony
 disordered his health. One day he
 shook like a man in the palsy. On ano
 ther day he felt a fire within his breast.
 It is difficult to understand how he
 survived sufferings so intense and so
 long continued. At length the clouds
 broke. From the depths of despair,
 the penitent passed to a state of serene
 felicity. An irresistible impulse now
 urged him to impart to others the bles
 siugs of which he was himself posses
 sed. He joined the Baptists, and
 became a preacher and writer. His
 education had been that of a mechanic.
 He knew no language but the English,
 as it was spoken bv the common peo
 ple. He had studied no great model
 of composition, with the exception, an
 important exception undoubtedly, of
 our noble translation of the Bible. His
 spelling was bad. He frequently trans
 gressed the rules of grammar. Yet the
 native force of genius, and his experi
 mental knowledge of all the religious
 passions, from despair to ecstacy, amply
 supplied in him the want of learning.
 His rude oratory roused and melted
 hearers who listened without interest to
 the labored discourses of great logi
 cians and Hebraists.
 His works were widely circulated
 among the humbler classes. One of
 them, the Pilgrim’s Progress, was, in
 his own life-time, translated into sev
 eral foreign languages. It was, how
 ever, scarcely known to the learned
 and polite, and had been, during near
 a century, the delight of pious cottagers
 and artisans, before it was publicly
 commended by any man of high litera
 ry eminence. At length critics conde
 scended to inquire where the secret of
 so wide and so durable a popularity lay.
 They were compelled to own that the
 ignorant multitude had judged more
 correctly than the learned, and that the
 despised little book was really a master
 piece. Bunyan is, indeed, as decidedly
 the first of allegorists, as Demosthenes
 is the first of orators, or Shakspeare
 the first of dramatists. Other aliegor
 ists have shown equal ingenuity, bul
 no other allcgorist has ever been able
 to touch the heart, and to make abstrac
 tions objects of terror, of pity, and ol
 love.
 It may be doubted whether any En
 glish Dissenter had suffered more
 severely under the penal laws than
 John Bunyan. Of the twentyfa-seven
 years which had elapsed since the
 Restoration, he had passed twelve in
 confinement. He still persisted in
 preaching;—but, that he might preach,
 he was under the necessity of disguis
 ing himself like a carter. He was
 often introduced into meetings through
 the back doors, with a smock frock on
 his back and a whip in his band. If he
 had thought only of his own ease and
 safety, he would have hailed the; in
 dulgence with delight. He *was now,
 at length, free to pray and exhort in
 open day. His congregation rapidly
 increased thousands hung upon his
 words; and at Bedford, where he ori
 ginally resided, money was plentifully
 contributed to build a meeting house
 for him. His influence among the
 common people was such, that the
 government would willingly have be
 stowed on him some muncipal office;
 but his vigorous understanding, anc
 his stout English heart were prooi
 against all delusion, and all temptation
 He felt assured that the proflerd tol
 eration was merely a bait to lure the
 Puritan party to destruction; nor would
 he, by accepting a place for which he
 was not legally qualified, recognise
 the validity of the dispensing power
 One of the last acts of his virtuous
 life was to decline an interview to which
 he was invited by an agent of the gov
 ernment.
 Great as was the authority of Bun
 yan with the Baptists, that of William
 Kiflin was still greater. Kiflin was the
 first man among them in wealth and
 station. He was in the habit of ex
 ercising his spiritual gifts at theii
 meetings; but he did not live by preach
 ing. He traded largely; his credit on
 the Exchange of London stood high;
 and he had accumulated an ample for
 tune. Perhaps no man could, at that
 conjuncture, have rendered more valu
 able services to the court. But between
 him and the court was interposed the
 remembrance of one terrible event.
 He was the grandfather of the two
 Howlings, those gallant youths who
 of the victims of the Bloody Assizesj
 had been the most generally lamented’
 For the sad fate of one of them, James
 was in a peculiar manner responsible
 Jeffreys had respited the younger
 brother Ihe poor lad’s had
 been ushered by Churchihll into the
 royal presence, and had begged for
 mercy but the king*, heart had been
 f lhc who,e
 family had been great; but Kiflin was
 m ‘"I r‘\ d He **veoty
 years old when he w.s left destitute*
 the survivor of those who should have
 survived him. The heartless and venal
 sycophants of Whitehall, judging by
 themselves, thought that the old man
 would be easily propitiated by an
 alderman’s gown, and by some com-
penflttiofl in nouey for the irofiHT
 which hi* graixi»o»s had forfeited.
 Peon wo employed in Urn work of
 seduction, but to no purpose. The
 king determined to try what effect hi*
 own civilities would produce. Kiffin
 was ordered to attend the palace. He
 found a brilliant circle of noblemen and
 gentlemen assembled.—Jeases ansae*
 diatelv came to him, spoke to him very
 graciously, and cooduded bv saying,
 I have pot you down, Mr. kiffin, tor
 an alderman in London.*’ The old man
 looked fixedly at the king, burst into
 tears, and made answer Sir, I am
 worn out; 1 am unfit to serve your
 majesty or the city. And, sir, the
 death of my poor boys broke my heart.
 That wound is as fresh as ever. I shall
 carry it to my grave.** The king
 stood silent for a minute in some con
 fusion, and then aaid, Mr. Kiffin, 1
 will find a balsam for that sore.’* As
 suredly James did not mean to say any
 thing cruel or insolent; on the contrary,
 he seems to have been in an unusually
 gentle mood. Yet no speech that is
 recorded of him gives so unfavorable
 a notion of his character as these few
 words. They are the words of a hard
 hearted and low-minded man, unable
 to conceive any laceration of the affec
 tions for which a place or a pension
 would not be a full compensation.”—
 Macauley’s History.
THE RUSSIAN CLERGY.
 i AH the writers, of every nation and
 creed with whom we are acquainted,
 are unanimous on one point; all de
 clare una r oce, that to appreciate, or
 even to imagine, the k moral or social
 degradation of the Russian clergy, it
 is necessary to have lived among them.
 The very proverbs which are current
 in Russian society, of every class,
 and which are heard in Russia alone,
 reveal their true character. Son of
 a priest,” is the last insult to which a
 man has recourse in reviling an enemy.
 “Am I a ‘pope,’ that I should eat
 twicer” is the disdainful allusion to the
 habits of the half famished clergy.
 1 Like pastor, like flock,” is the com
 ment upon the irregularities of laymen.
 And these are only specimens.
 Like the fallen priesthood of Syria
 and Armenia, the chief characteristics
 of the Russian clergy appear to be
 habitual drunkenness, profound igno
 rance, and the lowest habits of a sordid
 and animal existence.—“ The vice of
 drunkenness is so common among
 them.” says Theiner, “that it excites
 no observation.”' In the ships of the
 navy, he adds, where they always re
 ceive an increase of salary, the
 commanders usually place the chaplain
 under arrest twenty-four hours before
 divine service, to make sure that he
 will not present himself drunk at the
 altar.”
 Their general character may be
 gathered from the official and annual
 reports” of the holy synod” itself.
 In the report for 1836, it appears that
 during that single year one in fifty of
 the whole Russian clergy was under
 condemnation by the public censure of
 the various tribunals. Since that pe
 riod the moral state of the clergy, if
 we may believe the reluctant testimony
 of the synod, has steadily deteriorated.
 Thus in 1837, comparing the number
 of condemnations with the total num
 ber of clergy, it appears that these
 amounted for the whole empire to one
 in twenty-four! In 1838, to one in
 twenty-three! and in 1839. To one in
 twenty! In the four years, from 1836
 to 1839, the synod reports that 15,313,
 or one-sixth of the 102,456 ecclesias
 tics of every rank and grade, were
 under judgment, and that, as the su
 preme procurator himself declares,
 “for iniamous crimes.” —Dublin Re
 view.
CANINE SAGACITY.
 We referred incidentally a few days
 ago to the remarkable instance of as
 gacity and feeling in a dog, which is
 the subject of the following circum
 stantial statement, politely furnished at
 our request for publication. It comes
 of course from an authentic source,
 and must be reckoned among the most
 striking of the many facts, in illustra
 tion of the reasoning faculties of dogs.
 In the summer of 1846 my son at
 that time 12 years old, was visiting in
 the country. Having occasion to
 cross the held of a neighbor, the lad
 was pursued by a large fierce dog, and
 as he looked back over his shoulder to
 see if the dog was gaining upon him,
 he stumbled and fell down upon a ledge
 of rocks and broke his leg. He lay
 j helpless of course, and the dog came
 up in a moment in full cry, ready to
 pounce upon him. As he came up he
 seemed to understand that something
 had happened to the boy, and after
 looking at him Jong enough to learn
 the precise state of the case, he set off
 I toward the house which was far beyond
 the reach of the child’s cries. But the
 dog went only within call, aa if fearful
 of leaving the boy alone, and there
 barked for some time without attracting
 attention. Failing in his purpose he
 went home, and by his incessant bowl
 ing, and running in the direction from
 which he came, he succeeded at last
 in persuading some of the family to fol
 low him to the spot‘where the suffering
 child was still lying.
 Now the point of special interest tn
 this fact is this, the dog, unusually
 fierce, pursued the boy as an enemy,
 trespassing on his master’s grounds;
 but the moment when he saw his enemy
 down and in distress, his ferocity was
 turned to pity, and with far more of
 Christian principle than most men ex
 hibit, be resolved to do him good. He
 sought to save the life which he seemed
 bent to destroy. Instances are numer
 ous of dogs displaying great sagacity
 for the aid if those dear to them, but
 this is the only case, that has come to
 my knowledge, where a brute shoved
 merry on one whom he regarded as a
 foe. The best of us may learn a lesson
 from this dog who had more heart and
 head than any dog of whom I ever
 beard or read.’— JYcuark Dmtiq jUw.
 A NIGHT IN HINDOfITAN.
 We came to anchor, on the third
 morning after quitting Kedgeree, under
 the walla of fort William, and found
 her Majesty's 3d Dragoons encamped
 on the glacis. Aboutlour in the after
 noon, the beat having considerable
 abated, we disembarked, and marched
 into the fort, where quarters had been
provided for our men, though hobo for
 the officers, as the brigade major ia
 formed oa, at tho same time stating,
 that as a difference of opinion existed
 on that subject between himself end
 the fort major, we most wait until be
 (of the Queen,*) had craftily overcome
 him (of the Company’s,) and induced
 the latter individual to boose as.
 There is an old proverb about a man
 between two stools being likely to come
 to the ground, which was felly illustra
 ted in our case, for both of our sup
 porters for a night’s test in Fort Wil
 liam having given away, we came to
 the earth, though, fortunately in the
 tents of the 3d Dragoons, immediately
 under the walls of the fort, where our
 foil eras kindly broken by cloaks spread
 on the ground to receive us.
 I was composing myself to sleep, as
 comfortably as circumstances would
 permit, when suddenly a volley of
 screams, as though proceeding from
 the lungs of ten thousand demons,
 caused me to start on my feet, suppos
 ing the camp to have been invaded by
 the infernal regions. My host, lying
 in the opposite recess of the tent, being
 a man of some days and experience,
 begged me not to disturb myself, as it
 was only the jackalls. “But they are
 pretty nearly enough to murder sleep,”
 I thought, as I laid myself down to
 await the cessation of their intolerable
 howls. Silence at length ensued, and
 I was just falling asleep, when a low
 gurgling noise arose close to my ears,
 and continued with the most monot
 onous regularity, “Good Heavens!”
 I cried, after listening intently for a
 few* minutes, “that must come from the
 diabolical bandicoots, of which I have
 often heard from old Indians.” I drew
 my sword, and awaited their advance
 in a violent perspiration, for I have an
 insuperable abhorrence to the whole
 rat tribe; but they had no intention ef
 coming to close quarters.—No, their
 cursed pipes sounded the advance, un
 heeded by the main body. My ene
 mies, nevertheless, seemed to be mus
 tering, for the gurgle was taken up by
 a reinforcement from the opposite tent,
 interupted occasionaly by a low mut
 tering sound: “I submit it is impossi
 hie to sleebp through this interminable
 persecution, and a man’s days in this
 climate must be necessarily short with
 out rest!” Thus I exclaimed, as,
 jumping up, I threw my cloak aside,
 and paced the tent in a teves, saluted
 incessantly by the unearthly gurgle.
 My friend lay on the opposite side,
 sleeping as calmly as if there were no
 such things in the world to torture us
 as bandicoots. The morning was just
 breaking, and I stepped out of the tent,
 in the hope of being taken for a ghost
 by the jackalls, and thus retaliating by
 fright on a portion of my enemies—
 when lo! the veil of mystery was with
 drawn, and there sat two Hindoos
 smoking the pipes of the country com
 monly known by the name of hubble
 bubble, which noisy instruments I had
 mistaken all night for the bandicoots.
 This was too absurd! I burst into a fit
 of laughter, which awakened my friend,
 who hastily joined me, when I related
 my grievance. —Having silenced the
 smokers, I soon enjoyed the rest I had
 almost despaired of attaining.—Adven
 tures in the Far East.
A Gold Digger’s Experience. —A
 correspondent of the Honolulu (Sand
 which Island) Friend, who was survey
 ing in the gold region, and went like
 the rest of them, to gather the root
 of all evil,” gives his experience as
 fellows.
 I found digging gold by no means
 the enchanting employment many might
 dream it to be, but a initter-of-fact,
 back-aching, wearisome work—most
 nearly resembling, for all the world,
 the heavy toil of a multitude of labor
 ers excavating a canal or mill-race.
 The climate of the gold region, fron
 April to October, is dry, with a cloud
 less atmosphere, and cold nights—the
 middle of the day being warm, especi
 ally at the digging nearest the plain.
 While at the mines, I was, of course,
 obliged to turn mountaineer—sleep un
 der the blue canopy, or part of the
 time in a tent, and take care of my
 domestic concerns as best I could.
 Life in the mountains, with plenty to
 eat, and a good appetite, produced by
 hard work for sauce, is not so repulsive
 a thing as one only accustomed to in
 door existence might suppose. For
 variety’s sake, it will do for a time;
 but for my part, gold digging is a busi
 ness I do not fancy, although it pays
 pretty well, and you are sure of getting
 your pay in hand the moment the work
 is done. Still, I would rather be at my
 old business with one-third the profits
 of this. Some who recently went up
 the Sacramento river, came back a
 week afterwards, well-stored with fever
 and ague, if not with gold. Many who
 came will make money, doubtless; but,
 some will make themselves sick, and;
 perhaps make themselves poorer than
 ever—if they do not make a shipwreck i
 of good morals and die, like acme al
 ready, as the fool dieth, in revelling'
 and drunkenness. If any man is doing
 a tolerable business at the Islands, let
 him stick to it. He will, ten chances
 to one, be better off in the end.”
A Railway Library. —The monot
 on 7 of R railway journey is about to be
 disturbed. The traveller’s bodily com
 forts having been hitherto consulted,
 bis mental gratification is now to be
 attended to. Captain Huish propones
 to establish a gigantic circulating li
 brary, in connection with the London
 and North Western Railway, on the
 plan that the passenger may select a
 book at a stall, paying the price there
 of, and, after travelling any distance
 on the railway, (where his journey ter
 minates,) deliver it at the station, re
 ceiving back the value, less a trifle for
 Um perusal.— London Inquirer.
 AItOTBER BLOW AOAIiCST SLAVERY.
 A year or more since, the British gov
 ernment seat an agent to Australia, to
 try whether the soil of that country was
 adapted to the cultivation of cotton.—
 The experiment was tried with Ameri
 cal seed, and succeeded to admiration.
 It is predicted that in a lew years Great
 Britain will procure cotton for her spin
 dles from her colonies, and no longer be
 dependent apoe slaveholders lor a sup
 ply* Alas lor the cottoo-raising South!!
 Inti Steeu y Bugle.
 Eighty-ore Newspapers are pob
 lished-in Boeton, of which 14 are daily,
 aiimi usskJy, and 58 weekly.
3ttorrti9tmcnio.
f Ptraen.
 PIMMI Wheel CMti valor aad Wipe Grew
 1 PW. TW Farming PmUk are Imetrr informed
 bran tab— by the Snb
 ~ZF^z^,ZZ££r?%z:
 T*v" Whert«er thee Im* been *u&lt;
 they have an the derided -g-p- *—i— of
 r r hflow«| rcrtihili froa the ietel
 «d practical formers whose aames are
 ttachcd. abradant!? show:
 CERTIFICATES.
 _. Ty y *J»* w, the Snhamfaare, hare
 Puea Wind Cnkrrosor, invented
 IDE*l DE Shefce, Orleans Co., New
 heheee it to be/ag a fobor-s«v,ng me-
 S***» of *he greatest rarasTi ratal of the afe.
 &amp;nner ran pot ta froo tea to iftran acne
 -ora of wheat U a re*r, with the rame amount of
 !f*T ran also sow it in meet better order.
 By it abo Canada thistles aad other noxioos weeds
 ■nay be totally extirpated. Said is so coo
 stracted that it caa be regalaled to go aay depth, by
 a**®' °f screws oa the onffi nart of the machine,
 aad tbas either plow up tW groaad thoroogblr, or
 ody jarf braah the surfoee. Upoa the whole, we
 tIUMi it decidedlv the best uriiiir ever is rented far
 v*™* froaad the labor of
 the earner,aad as each we cheerfaVv recommend ii
 to our brother formers.
 James H. Medley, Jamea Ide
 Enos Newman, John Stevens,
 John C. Wheeler, Hartes Hcdley,
 a C*rtla er Berry, James P. Anderson,
 Shefcy, Co., April *3, IS4B.
 _ *hc undersigned, purr based one of Nathan
 Ide a Patent Cnfairatora last Fall, nd fund it 1
 answer the purpose so well, that we hare this Spring i
 made pmchase of another. We ran with this Plow
 prepare with two horses, eight acres of Lad per dav
 for wheat, and it is moch better done than by the i
 old plows; and the bad pepared by this Cultivator
 will yield 5 bush. per acre more.
 ELI CHURCH.
 Riga, June, 1848. DENNIS CHURCH.
 After these testimonials, the Subscriber deems it
 unnecessary to eoter into a long and elaborate des
 cription of the implement, with its various modes of
 operation. To be lully appreciated, it uuait be seen
 and used. No fanner who fully understands bis
 interest will be without one, as it is an invaluable
 implement.
 QL _ NATHAN IDE, Patentee.
 Shelby, Orleans Co., N. Y., July 1848.
 IDE’S Patent Cultivator is manufactured bv
 LE\ 1 WELLS, Buffalo Street, near the Bull’s
 Head, Rochester, N. Y., where farmers are invited
 mine for themselves.
ROCHESTER SHOE AND LEATHER
 JOBBING tOFSI.
 THE subscribers aj No. 22 State street, take plea
 sure in announcing to the public that they rave
 completed arrangements by which they are enabled
 to offer tbe most satisfactory inducements to all en
 gaged in tbe sale or manufacture of Boots and Shoes,
 to come to this market for a supply.
 They are also offering on the most favorable terms,
 a large stock of Sole and Upper Leather, Kip, Calf,
 and Morocco Skins, with a fall assortment of Find
 ing, including Lasts, Pegs, &amp;c. Dealers will find it
 greatly to their interest to examine our stock before
 purchasing elsewhere.
 jylO SAGE k PANCOST.
PRINTING PAPER AGENCY.
 WE are Agents for the Buffalo Paper Mills,
 where Paper of the best quality is made from
 pure spring water, very white and smooth- A sup
 ply of News and Book Paper kept constantly for
 sale by us, at Mill prices, in large or small lots.
 Any size and quality of Paper not on hand, fur
 nished at short notice.
 Printers and others will do well to call and exam
 ine the quality ami price, at No/6 Exchange st.
 FISHER k Co.
 jy2l Booksellers and Publishers.
BRITISH FERIOMCIL
 I.ITERATCRK.
SUBSCRIBE EARLY WHILE THE TERMS
 ARE LOW.
 REPtJBLICATION OF
 The London Quarterly Review, The
 Edinburgh Review, The North Brit
 ish Review, The Westminster Review,
 and Blackwood's Edinburgh Maga
 zine.
Tbe above Periodical* are reprinted in New York,
 immediately on their arrival by the British steamer*,
 in a beautiful clear typo, on line white paper, and
 are faithful copies of the original*, Blackwood’s
 Magazine, being an exact fac-nmileo( the Edinburgh
 edition.
 They embrace the views of the three great parties
 in England—Tory, Whig, and Radical. “Black
 wood” and the London Quarterly” are Tory; the
 Edinburgh Review” Whig; ana
 ster Review” Radical. The “North British Re
 view” is more of a religious character, having been
 originally edited by Dr. Chalmers, and now, since
 his death, being conducted bv hi* son-in-law, Dr.
 Hanna, associated with Sir David Brewster. Its
 literary character is of the very highest order..
 PRICES FOR 1849, (ir SUBSCRIBED FOR EARLY.)
 For any one of the four Reviews, $8 00 par annum,
 For any two do 5 00
 For any three do 7 00
 For all four of the Reviews, 8 00
 For Blackwood’s Magazine, 3 00
 For Blackwood and the 3 Reviews, 9 00
 For Blackwood the 4 Reviews, 10 00
 Payments to be made in all cases in advance.
 CLUBBING.
 Four copies of any or all the above work* krill b
 sent to one address on payment of the regular sub
 scription for three—the fourth copy being gratis.
 EARLY COPIES.
 A late arrangement with the British publishers of
 Blackwood’s Magazine secures to us early sheet* of
 that work, by which we shall be able to place the
 entire number in tbe hands of subscribers before any
 portion of it can be reprinted in any of the American
 Journals. For this and other advantages secured to!
 our subscribers we pay so large a consideration, that i
 we may be compelled to raise the price of the Maga
 zine. Therefore we repeat subscribe early while
 the price is low.”
 Remittances and communication* should be always
 addressed, post-paid or franked, to the publishers,
 le6nard SCOTT k. CO.
 70 Fallon street, New York.
THE GIRARD LIFE INSURANCE, AN
 NUITY AND TRUST COMPANY of Phila
 delphia. Chartered in 1836—Charter Perpetual;—
 Capital, 8300,000 —Benjumia W. Richards, Presi-
 I dent. Continues to make insurance on lives, grant
 annuities and endowments, and accept trust* from in
 dividuals, corporate bodies, and court* of justice,
 and execute diem agreeably to the desire of the par
 ties, and receive deposit* of money in trust or on
 I interest.
 The Company add a bonus at stated periods to
 ike insurance for life, and on the 20th of Jammry
 last, an addition was mad to all the policies for life,
 remaining in force aad issued prior to January Ist,
 1642, amounting to 10 per cent, oa the sum insured
 I i" politic* issued in 1837 7 j per cent, cm policies
 issued in 188, and in rateable proportion* according
 to their respective dates.
 The chief object of an insurance for life is to pro
 vide n Mm of money at the death of the port* iasur
 ed, for the benefit of a widow, children, friends or
 crouton aad it will be seea on examination of the
 table of rales of the life insurance, which will be
 famished by the subscriber u&gt; all who may feel aa
 uferw* the subject, that by paying a small sum to
 during his life, a person may so-
 family a very eoneidesafale amount at hie
 Wherever the system of Life laauranee t* properly
 mdevstuud, extensively adopted, aad its great
 advantages in all, but mart especially to them who
 °*t their own exertions for the support of their
 femißea, or who may be daeiriouß to secure the pay
 •oomtj to *k«r friends, auditors or
 children, at their decease, which they aught be oth
 erwiee amble to accomplish, that the operation of the
 aoede but to he explained to ensure the seri
 ha* dmddMtW JfeHmSvpsdd*
 or two mailmen!* mi the premium, whan his femik
 have received tun tki* office the fell amount for
 which he had insured.
 FaR mformaTou aa due important subject mmj fan
 ttZxzyrzzzj, iSLis
 of «he GtnudUfcUemumu Co-pair^
 _. william BakLWell
 Bake we*’. Law Bmldiags,
 Grant stmet, rittehmgh.
W M H Top P. Mmrdmmt Tail*. MB Brand-
 Afenny, rth. 11, IMB.
PROSPECTUS
 Aacrkia Pfcr«B*t«*teal iNriil.
 O. I. FOWLER, EDITOR.
 TX) reform rad perfect anrartvae aad ora nor, is
 n works. Ye*, la da this wa
 Hmmwi CmitiMim. This
 rwraake. Physiology rad Vital Magnetism rm
 hrara, and ranre expnond all the laws oif oar being,
 cradjlsara of Mnraons. ami const,mm the pMloao
 phv’s Mow of CuvermJ Trash.
 PHRENOLOGY
 either the arnhiu and
 assis
 “dokotheaefaabauonaadrborntfeTofsomo dm-
 Tinf-nlr 1 poraowce, armmpmried by a likeness.
 PHYSIOLOGY
 Hfikh I” Lifap fTfit uuhtupmui of tilcnt
 nf which it awmrats. To its
 pet set i at ion and rnstorw I mu, special attentions* ill be
 given.
 magnetism.
 With practal uwrrartioo. interest ms Lets, and
 which it unfolds, nIR be presented in
 lOUNG MEN.
 mflneace they caa
 .?T r preparation for condocting our insti
 tnuona, will form the theme of a series of ardclra.
 KLr -IMFROVEMENT.
 Who does not long oaraestly, and wonld not strive
 ■■•iwoaMy, to cult irate his natnral powers, and
 rwjderhurael* better and more happyl To rarh,
 e *Trr n »M^ r wi 1 P roo, P l f d
 Jr l r?~ ,nTanaWv v*lvance—ONE DOLL
 AR A YEAR.
 1 Mfi ERS of thia Joaraal will be
 sent GRATIS, when tk-*ired.
 To receive attention, letters ami orders must be
 POST-PAID, and ta
 FOWLF.R k WELLS.
 No 131 Nassau St.,New York
Xji ILLIAM B. LOGAN, Dealer in Fashionable
 T Boots and Shoes, 80, Purchase Street, New
 Bedford.
 W B. L. keeps constantly on hand a good assort
 ment, ami w ill sell cheap for cash. Street attention
 grid to custom-made work, by Messrs. Parker and
i NORTHAMPTON WATER CURE.
 1
 i Electricity and Hydropathy.
 ’Y HE public are respectfully informed, that since
 A the philosophical deductions of the burned Dr.
 Means, of Emory College, Ga., and the)scientific
 experiments of Mr. Hemmer of England,* have
 recently and indubitably established the fact, that
 conclusions at which the undersigned arrived by
 I the sense of touch, in 1844, are in harmonv witfi
 natural and physiological laws—to wit, that tbe
 human body, in a healthy condition, is in a posttnt
 i rltrtrxcal state, and that tbe electrical emanations
 from the cuticular surface, indicate health, or the
 k symptoms aad character of disease—there is some
 reason to hope, that certain physicians, ignorant of
 these principles or natural laws, a knowledge ol
 which is essential to the safe and intelligent practice
 j of the healing art, will cease their vociferations
 against the rosiTtvr. electrical state of the
 human body, and will hesitate to dissuade those
 whom they have failed to relieve of their complaints,
 from seeking nature’s remedy at the Noithamp
 tow Water Core. Tims sustained by the light
 of science, the undersigned may be permitted here
 to repeat his experience, that, in all cases wliere the
 wrist, stomach, or lungs, are in the electro-uegative
 condition, the patient is beyond the power of water
 to afford relief. On the other hand, when the parts
 of the body alluded to, are in the electro-positive
 state, however disarranged, there is ground to liope
 for a cure.
 Had not the results of past years’ practice
 already convinced the public of the safety or trutli
 fulness of the principles by which the undersigned is
 r governed, in detecting the symptoms and cliaracter
 of disease, and practising the cure, the recent scien
 tific demonstration of their correctness, by Professor
 I Means and Mr. Hemmer, could not fail to convince
 the most incredulous.
 Gratefully appreciating the credit so generously
 awarded for his success vs a Hydropathic Practi
 tioner, by a discerning public, and the graduate
 evinced by those whom he has had the pleasure In
 relieve of their complaints, the undersigned will
 assiduously endeavor to sustain the credit, and merii
 that gratitude, in the case of evere invalid who may
 I afford him an opportunity to effect a cure, by hi's
 original and philosophical method of practice.
 The Northampton Water Cure is pleasantly situ
 ated near Bensonville, on the west bank of Licking
 Water, or Mill River, aliout two and a half miles
 from the centre of the town. It is conveniently
 arranged, with separate parlors, haihing and dress
 ing-rooms, for Ladies and Gentlemen, well ventil
 ated and conveniently furnished lodging rooms, and
 a variety of hatha, supplied with water, which, for
 abundance, purity, and adaptedness to water-cure
 purposes, is unsurpassed by that of any other esta
 blishment in this country-. The scenery in this
 vicinity is picture sque and romantic There are a
 variety of pleasant walks, sufficiently retied, t„
 allow water-cure patients to appear as they should
 plainly dressed, enjoying their rambles without
 being exposed to public gaze or observation
 Among the complaints which are here successfully
 treated, are headache, tendency of blood to tlie head',
 cold extremities, general and nervous debility, bron
 chitis, pulmonary affection, liver complaint, jaun
 dice, acute or chronic inffammation of the bowels,
 piles, dyspepsia, general debility, nervous and spimti
 affections, inflammatory and chronic rheuuiatism,
 neuralgia, sciatica, lama limbs, paralysis, fevers, salt
 rheum, scrofulous ami erysipelas humors.
 All patients who visit this establishment for a
 course of treatment, should furnish tliemselves w ith
 three comfortables, three woollen blankets, one or
 two linen and three cotton sheets, two pillow cases,
 six or eight crash towels, some well worn linen, to
 cut for fomentations, an old cloak or mantle, an um
 brella, and a pair of slippers,
 Terms for treatment and board are $5 SO to
 88 50 per week, payable weekly— washing extra.
 A patient who from choice or the character of his
 I complaint, occupies a room alone on the third floor,
 will pay 88 00 per week—on the first and second
 i floors, 88 50 per week. Patients requiring extra
 attention or fire in their rooms, (except for swath
 ing purposes,) will furnish ijifiy ohn nurses and foel,
 sjt pay an eatra price,
 D. RUGGLES.
 Northampton, March 1848.
 N.B. Visitors to die Establishment, from die
 rast, west, or south, can take die cars of die Conn.
 River Railroad at hprlagtleid. Carriages will
 alway s be in readiness at the Northampton denot to
 convey them hither.
 The human Wood, in a normal and healthy con-
 j dition of the human system, is in a positive state,
 which is coostandy mniatamed by the activity of d*
 generating sources within—an excess generally nass
 mg off in silence from tbe cuticular surface, L mat
 out of 856 experiments made by Mr. Hemmer of
 England, upon the uncovered skin,” 822 indicated
 the presence of positive eiectricitv. This surplus
 pensable to the healthful condition of the whole I
 an.ma! economy, and that when, from any cause, is c
 rad.mm.shod or «a«, diraased action ensue;.’’ 1
 Graoddrera dehrerad before the Medical College ol'
 B nln °f ito n, u *l
 y Mea A M.P., Professor of
 fmfcsrar of Phymc.l
 Science in Emory College, Q*., page 85 h
ATH6 L WATER CERE.
 T"rf I T e u
 7 *V ai,d- those sofl'erinr from
 h J ,djro P» lki&lt;: eoubHslimeat in
 J? v ofp^i«u
 um *euto, nd 1(11 believed offer. excellent freili
 2SL*k. i ply m r *taadaiit, ami i»
 ZL%T?. b^? f 7* w, ul “I— 1 water 00 a
 Cn lroad. *The
 V^* &lt;7 ee P, 7- ,ad
 w "f f tollable rprimes, hmmimi). __j
 iearrely foil to obuia the
 "tacb *tay tabor.
 r Uo 7 f? ‘taetrates this remark Mrs
 b r*-™ i
 efbrt to wafc/eiLr
 1 V oot »taa carried brearii,:
 «J2T »L*tS‘ »«eld woaa the
 vear H„ Mnt coeditioa aaarijr a
 jw^mrtr t m* -Bt commanced the l*h of Beta..
 u mn to (be ttth Od. ooly, when she
 _V ?£k l to ba able to »*Jk half a
 baa Bmic tar ret&lt;| ra to her fcmilv. she
 F" II IB| to tar health. She aow attends to her
 L rT iL Uc »«h the tseistaace of a small
 &lt;&lt;ri dam the work of her fcmilj.
 Ptoiealr are deeired to bring three comfortables,
 hTv f*“. tooojea Waakete, oae pair of sheets,
 towels marked, with old lime tor
 »re to toa dstan per week, aaeord
 to the aereashirs or choke of the pit keif
 Tfc wW am less partiealar ia the sefcrtvo. u
 P 0??»»» wdbag aceafj them m
 ••A totara, will hedmr«ed less.
 Ataal. Match, IMS. OMOtGI HOYT,
POFEftTF:
 ITS ILLEGAL CAUSES AMD LEGAL
 CPU.
 BT LYSVtDKJt VOORII.
 _P* A!tmm y E**"* A mtpamphlet of
 '*s p*fM—a Tf»y moukabie pcnWtMa.’'—
 “Whether ail the antimpaum* of Mr. Spooner
 woald be realised by the full attention of km the otr,
 we do At hr re atop to eatprire; bat we heartily com
 newd hi* emirarnr to the ootke of aff who Lee a
 original thafta wJTrwT e hew£ai frMn*Tile B raat
 of aert party. A*n jadvrtaf writer, he ha* a depth,
 eomgmm, (or bryaad any ewe whoae pmffaelnmj
 haee wet ow ere ta a long tiaw."
 Heat’* Merchant’« Magazine «ae* “It ifcoanh
 ia bold aad ehfiaal thought*. The illegal raaae* ef
 poeerty are staled, aad a nonhrr of importaat propo
 sit tow* bearing on the tdijut laid down; and/&gt;n the
 whole, we ceoaider it a work well worth stadying—
 •fnrdint a* it does away Talaable hint* to the statee*
 ■an aad political economist."
 •ran* the aaconetitntionabty of America* Slavery.
 There i« oo writer of the age.oflofiralaramen wore
 •earrhin* than Spooner.,’ Thi* new work &lt;fe«.
 tiaed to lewd to a re examination of all former m.
 tem* of political eeooomv." At first hlu*h hi* eco
 nomical propositions strike us a* sustainable—and it
 they are so, his work will prevail, and produce an
 •mgortant revolution in the present sys
 tem.
 Everv one should read it.”
 BELA MARSH. Publisher, Boston.
 _P»rt 1. Price 25 Cents.
 Isthe only remedy that can le relied on for the
 permanent cure of Spasmodic Con t net ion*, Irrita
 tion of the Nerves, Nervous or Sick Headache
 Tremors, Neuralgic Affections, (ienrra
 Debt It ty, Deficiency of Nervous ami Physical Ener
 gy, and all Nervous Disorders, including the most
 dreadful of ail diseases that a fleet the human race
 Fplrpty, or falling Sick tees. —Hysterical hits,
 C onvulsions, Spasms, &amp;c It is weft known, that
 Irum time immemorial. Physician* have pronounced
 Epileptic Fits incurable. It has UrtW.l all their
 skill, and the boa,ted power of all medicine, and
 consequently thpnsamls lave suffered through a itm
 erable existence, and at last yielded ap their lire* on
 of Insanity. —The proprietor of the Veget
 able Extract, however, feel* no delieaev in saving
 that it can be cured, lie would, therefore, respect
 fully invite physicians, and all others wlio are inter
 ested, to examine the testimony w hieh is here offered.
 It it is deception, let it lie exposed but if it is
 true, then in the name of humanity, no longer let it
 be said that Epilepsy is incurable.
 Heart's \	get aide Extract. —For sixteen years,
 has been tested bv many persons who have suffered
 with this dreadful disease, and in evety case where
 it baa had a fair trial, lias effected a permanent
 cure.
 Col. Denslow of Yonkers, New York, states that
 his (laughter bas been afflicted with Fit* for more
 than nine years, and has been cured by the use of
 the Vegetable Extract.
 Mrs. J. Rradey, 115 Orchard street, New York,
 states that she has been subject to Fits for many
 years, and has been restored to perfect health (after
 every other means had failed) by the use of the
 egetable Extract.
 Charles A. Brown, of Dover, Russell co.,
 Alabama, who is one of the lest Physicians in the
 Mate, says that he has been much benefitted by the
 use of the Vegetable Extract, and that he unhesitat
 ingly prescribes it in every case of Epilepsy which
 conies under lus know ledge.
 Curtis (J Mayberry, Esq., formerly Postmaster
 at I.tme Mills, Crawford Co., Pa., now living in
 Lrie Co., Pa., states tliat for many y*ars past h*
 has been sorely afflicted with Fits, and he ia now
 happy to state that a persevering use of Dr. Hart’s
 j Vegetable Extract, has restored him to sound health,
 I being entirely freed from that worst of all disease*.’
 Judge Randall, N. 156 Henry street, New York
 having used the Vegetable Extract successfully i M
 hIR ™y&gt; highly recommends it to all iiersou* who
 j are afflicted with Fits.
 M. Stephen E. Pratt, corner of Sixth Avenue
 I Twenty-Sixth street. New York, states that
 Mr. C has, 11. Boughton, a member of bis family lias
 j been so severely afflicted w ith Epileptic Fit* fo r
 many years, that he was obliged to relinquish hi*
 business. Having used Dr. Hart’s Vegetable Ex
 j ,ra r. l B Mr. Pratt,) lie was soon restored tu
 perfect I teal tli, and left this city for the State oi
 Ohio to resume his business.
 Rev. Mr. Smith, Rector of St. Peters Churcn,
 Spot*wood, New Jersey, who has been afflicted
 with Epileptic Fits for more than forty years, states
 that lie has used Dr. Hart’s Vegetable Extract, and
 tu* liealtli has been so much improved tliat he hone*
 by Divine blessing, to have no more Fits.
 Epdrftic Fks.— For tweqty-seven years and six
 months, cured by the use of this truly wondarful
 medicine.
 Read the follow ing remarkable case of tlie son of
 VVm. Secure, Esq^of Philadelphia, afflicted with
 Epileptic h its twenty-seven years and six months
 After travelling through England, Scotland, (iPr
 many and France, consulting tlie roost eminent
 physicians, and! expending for medicine, medical
 treatment ami advice three thousand dollars, returned
 w ith his son to this country in November last with
 out receiving any benefit whatever, ami was”cured
 by using Hart's Vegetable Extract.-l have spent
 over three thousand dollars for medicine and medical
 attendance. I was advised to take a tour to Eu
 rope with him which I did. I first visited England
 I consulted tlie most eminent physicians there in
 rescect to his case; they examined him and prescri
 bed accordingly. J remained there three mon lis
 without perceiving any change for the better which
 cost me about two hundred and fifty dolllr. pock,
 eted by the physicians, and the roost that I
 was their opinion that my son rase w
 and POSITIVELY INCI RaßuT
 left England travelled through Scotland "M'y
 and France, and returned home Yhe
 as feftYsLwT froD curpd
 the y a&lt; Tert, *cmen! in one of
 VVgnablJ^^ k xt^’ an lcon ,u ed.o try Hart’s
 eerifaafe. of Tl •totemioto and
 certificates of so many cures, some of twenty and
 Uaiht 1 ran a, ure you lam not
 “J* of H l Vegetable
 u ,f c reJ to perfect
 HEALTH. Hl* reason, which was so far gone as to
 unfit him for business is entirely restored, with th.
 prospect now before him of life, health anti Left,*
 I*-*";. H now 28 “f ags, aud 27 yeare Q
 months of this time has been afflicted with this
 most dreadful of diseases, but thank &lt;Jod is now
 enjoying good health.
 Now, sir, faith without work* I don’t believe
 in. To say I shall be ever grateful u&gt; you in one
 thing, and as I here enclose you one hundred dollars
 I have no doubt but you will think thi. another and
 quae a different thing. The debt of gratitmie 1 still
 owe you; but pfeare accept this amount as intere.t
 on tlie debt in advance.
 Yours, very reflect fully,
 (signed) WILLIAM SECOBE.
 TESTIMONY UPON TESTIMONY
 In reference to the aluu&gt;«t miraculous efiiraev ot
 tins truly wonderful medicine cad
 ku,r L.
 vac the M nJiKU |&gt;to»iciua i, ihn, pk.,,
 j mtlord, Ohio, August 17. IK|6
 *ir ßr °l^ r bb rrr ,n e u c of humanity-Dear
 am ,US I
 1° &gt;u *ke coinplric triumph
 of your invaJuaLie medicine in care* of Epilepsy. I
 k|ve prerenbed u (lAlr mtMaet4 iu
 and it has been htebly nmufil a II. Three o
 die patient*, 1 tykst. have brrn radically cured.
 one ia rapidly improving, and will, 1
 think without doubt recover. I am oot m the habit
 of prescribing or recommending patent Uiedicinc*,
 »n urtitle which promisee so much
 lor the relief of suffei ing iHiinaiutv, I feel niy duty
 to recommend it, and I have no Wsitat.in m m
 tug Uuu a* soo« M the faculty are tuhy »c,ua in ted
 with the real merit of your medicine, they w,U
 done their eye* against prejudice and lend you a
 hekuoc hand.
 I subscribe myself your*, sincerely,
 [Signed] W. L. MON’kOE, J|. D
 To ih. S. Hart, New York.
 THE TIME IS NOT FAR DISTANT
 W hen thousand* who are now trembluor
 the hand of this dreadful dweaaa, and fexmiur th-.t
 every attack may prove fatal, will fi*d
 sdLsf ijsr l to -E*
 »Uv^hae a N r^eXl!d o^, jl? U ®*«TIFICATES
 hie Extract. Vegem
 S
 s Sd3 w te6-=-Cii= ‘7
 iZr Main street, Cm
 &gt;t&gt;w Agent* far the Lwtrd
 SSpJfKj* ——bawh
 A Mti VOmr U ¥wkUM Bl
 E* gj£~-.«S Bt Roeheeter,
 H AvT ,u Buffalo,
 l. lil!g',te fa 04-.
 Wm H D «rou, Michigan,
 Thomas k Miu*i.u&gt; Mu. mm.
 SS—IW
