From the N. Y. E*prw«.
 Dlifncelal Finale of the ffenatn.
 Sv'kdat, I o'clock, A. M., March 4.
 Mr. Bemen was speaking. There were J
 cries of question, question.
 Mr. Berrien. 1 Who cries question 1
 A long pause ensued, Mr. Bemen looking
 all around, and repeating, indignantly, who
 ones question
 Mr. Cameron. I was so indignant at
 hearing a gentleman of such standing as the
 Senator from Georgia take the course he did
 on the subject of slavery, that I cried ques
 tion.’
 Mr. Berrien. (After a long pause.] Were
 t not for the scorn 1 feel, I should indulge in
 something more than contempt, at the source
 from whence this interruption comes.
 Mr. Cameron. Does the Senator from
 Georgia apply his words 4 scorn and contempt'
 to me r
 Mr. Foote. (Interrupting.) If he dofs
 not, I do and I am responsible for any scorn
 and contempt. (A general laughter.)
 Mr. Berrien went on with his argument.
 Mr. Foote, with arms akimbo, and in
 ludicrous attitudes, promenaded and fidgetted
 about the chamber. Sometime after Mr. Ber
 rien's argument, he went near Mr. Cameron,
 and said.
 You have no right here, your timeisout.’
 (Mr. C’s term expires March 4th.)
 Mr. Cameron struck at and hit Mr. Foote
 a lively blow.
 A Senator near by held Mr. Cameron
 back, and Mr. Foote retired in a dignified
 flare-up.
 The Senate was not called upon by any
 member to notice the act, and the general
 disorder wa* so great that it was observed
 but by few.
 Report came in from the House of two or
 three fights.
 A member (aside.) The boxing match is
 not equal yet. The House has 326 members,
 and has had three fights, and we, with 60
 members, have had only one yet!
 Mr. Foote, passing, fidgetung, and cries
 of order,’ 4 sit down,’ Mr. Butler coaxing
 him to sit down, Mr. Johnson, of Md., sooth
 ing and patting him down, and Mr. Webster
 crying order, order.’
 Mr. Foote. No, I will not sit down. I
 will he heard, if the earthquakes roar around
 me, (laughter,) if the volcanoes overwhelm
 me, (a roar of laughter.) [Mr. Foote then
 went on in a ludicrous, ranting vein, utterly
 indescribable, and utterly disgraceful to the
 presiding officer, who suffered it to go on un
 der his eye. He spouted out for a full hour
 a whole cataract of words.]
 After 4 o'clock, A. Af.—Mr. Turney, of
 Tenn., examined at length the pay roll, to
 show that members have never been paid for
 working on the 4th of March, and that there
 fore this Congress is dead.
 Mr. Benton, for two hours behind the lime,
 was laughing immoderately at the pay logic,
 but not voting.
 Mr. Foote. See the clock, I say see] the
 clock. It is 5 A.M. 4 Aurora, now, fair
 daughter of the dawn’—(Hoars of laaghter.)
 The Senate is dead.
Rowdyism in Congress.—Drunkenness.
 Well, this is truly a great country,” and
 we are a great people.” Such scenes as I
 was witness of, from ten o'clock Saturday
 night, till half-past six Sunday morning, are
 enough to cause a blush of shame upon the
 face of any one who lias a spark of feeling
 for the honor of his country, or the dignity of
 the American character. The action of a
 portion of the members of the House and
 Senate of the United States, would disgrace
 the lowest and most abandoned place in Chris
 tendom. Fighting, blasphemy, rowdyism
 and drunkenness, are their leading charac
 teristics.
 While the Walker amendment was under
 consideration, and those true steel patriots of
 the House were fighting with all their ener
 gies to defend it, Mr Giddings went over to
 the i&gt;erao&lt;£atic side of the House and spoke
 lo a Democratic Free Soiler, and while in
 conversation and exchanging humorous re
 marks with him, the gentleman in question
 said that Southern members had threatened
 them with violence should they persist in their
 efforts to defeat the bill. Meade of Virginia,
 immediately stepped up, and shaking his fist
 in Mr. Giddings's face, said, G—d d—n
 you, we ought to, and will compel you by
 violence to do right, it there is no othet
 wav.” Mr. G. laughed, and good naturedly
 said, Oh, no 1 guess you will not hurl
 us.”
 Meade then advanced and grabbed Mr. G.
 by the collar, shook his fist in his face, and
 uttered a volley of oaths. His face was white
 and distorted with rage, but Mr. Giddings
 was perfectly cool, unruffled, and collected,
 and even laughed outright in his face, which
 seemed the more to increase his fury.
 Mr. llenly, of Indiana, who is about hall
 the size of Meade, took him by the collar be
 fore he had fully made up his mind to strike
 Mr. Giddings, and sent him whirling about
 two rods into the hands of the Sergeant at
 Arms, who kept him in custody until his rage
 was softened down to the right temperature.
 The bill alluded to was finally amended,
 (thanks to the noble daring of a gallant band
 of Free Sellers,) as to substantially include
 the Wilmot Proviso, and a few minutes be
 fore twelve it was sent to the Senate. Polk
 had given out that he would not sign it after
 12 o’clock, but they persuaded him to remain
 and give bis signature to it. After quarrel
 ling and drinking over it till six Sunday mor
 ning the amendment of the House was reject
 ed, and the bare oppropriation bill passed and
 was concurred in by the House. This is one
 of the greatest triumphs of the age, for
 freedom, and will ever lie remembered as a
 victoiy of no common magnitude.
 Before the bill passed the Senate, Foote
 made himself notorious by shaking his fist in
 Senator Cameron's face, and received for his
 pains a severe blow from Mr. C. Certain other
 Senators were so drunk they could neither
 walk straight or talk straight. The fumes of
 liquor seemed to arise in the Senate Chamber
 as from an old distillery. 1 could give names
 of honorable Senators who were seas over,”
 were I disposed. Heaven save the country
 from sueli mon.
 While the Senate was making this exem
 plification of drunkenness and rowdyism,
 Johnson, a drunken, rampant Democrat from
 Arkansas, made an attack upon Fieklin of 111.
 m ihe House, and after having a regular set
 to of fisticuffs, Inge of Alabama, jlist drunk
 enough lorarow, rushed in with a large cane
 m hand, and dealt some severe blows upon
 the head of Mr. F. which caused the blood to
 •low profusely.—The combatants were finally
 separated, and Mr. Fieklin w as led out of the
 Hair, his face covered with blood. After
 washing he returned, and through the inter
 cession ul triends the combatants shook hands,
 and .nothing more was said or done about it.
 This is the ending of the thirtieth Con
 gress, and such an end God save the people
 if we are to ha\c such rulers. 1 urther com
 ment is unnecessary. Nokth. —Boston Re
 publican.
By a late arrival, we received from our
 steadfast and worthy friend William Smeal
 of Glasgow, Scotland, the followmp earnest
 and well expressed Remonstrance on the sub
 ject of American slavery, committed to his
 care by that eloquent and intrepid friend
 of humanity, (ieorpe Jeffrey, Rruled Pres
 byterian minister. It is written on parch
 ment, and with the signatures makes a pretty
 long roll. Grateful for this timely co-opera
 tion and valuable testimony, ue assure our
 friend and the signers, that the best possible
 use shall be mad* of it.— Ijilxroior.
 Another Scottish Remonstrance.
 We, the undersigned, inhabitants of the
 V'than dustitet of Buchan, Alrerdoenshtre, and
 tuetubeis of the Anti-Slavery Society, do re
 spectfully hut earnestly remonstrate with the j
 American Churches about the countenance
 which they give to American slavery. Our
 common humanity cries out against the tin
 of depriving men of ibeir natural righta, and of
 making them the property of other men, tojbe j
Med and sold at nleww; and our i—in
 ChriMtunity m Mill acre argent in its «a»-
 detonation of auch an enormity Wa »V
 regret, exceedingly, that in yoer teligioon no
 ciet»e*. which profeos to care for the heal in
 terests of humanity, and to spread the prin
 ciples of Christianity, there should be any
 toleration afforded to a ay stem which outrages
 both of them.
 If slavery were exclusively a political ques
 tion, your ehatehes would be justified is any
 neutrality of conduct which they might ob
 serve towards it: but as his plainly s ques
 tion with which are bound up all the concerns
 of personal freedom and social morality, we
 cannot but grieve that your churches should
 have taken up, sad in spite of innumerable
 remonstrances from their Chriktian brethren
 all over this country, should have maintained
 a position more favorable to the oppressors
 than to the oppressed.
 Be your intentions and sympathies what
 they may, you practically give full indulgence
 to the slaveholders and so far as we can see,
 you consecrate, in the name of the Divine
 Redeemer and Lord of all men, the tyrannical
 and cruel relations in which they stand to the
 injured slaves. You virtually sanction the
 heavy yoke which no man, much leas a Chris
 tian man, is warranted to bind upon another.
 If slavery be so closely incorporated with
 your civil inMilatioos as to be difficult of ex
 tinction, we cannot imagine bow it evet should
 have introduced itself so much into your re
 ligious organisations, as that it may not now
 •be repudiated by these. We beseech you to
 I separate, forthwith, American Christianity
 from Ameiican slavery. The alliance has
 fostered the latter, but weakened the former,
 a result whieh we are sure you do not con
 i template with satisfasflnn. or with any other
 feeling* save those of self-reproach.
 Praying fervently to God for the prosperity
 of your Churches, we have thus also, from a
 conviction of duty, remonstrated with you
 concerning an evil, which, so long as it
 exists, will mar, in a thousand ways, all
 spiritual prosperity. We address you as
 brethren, and hope soon to have the delight
 of witnessing you acting as the brethren of
 those who are now degraded as slaves.
 JOHN MARTIN, President
 JAMES BREBNER, Vice President,
 JAMES MORISON, Treasurer,
 WILLIAM MOIR, Clerk,
 And ONE THOUSAND AND FORTY
 others, nine of whom are ministers of varions
 denominator.
 HyEditors of religious journals in the
 United States are requested to give this Chris
 tian Remonstiance an insertion in their col
 umns, and also all anti-slavery editors.
THE NORTH STAR.
ROCHESTER, MARCH 23, 1849.
Henry Clay.
 The letter of this gentleman on the subject
 of emancipation in the State of Kentucky,
 which we have placed on the outside of this
 week’s paper, has very properly become the
 subject of extensive remark by the newspaper
 presses and the public generally, both North
 and South. The long-standing and highly
 influential posit'u n of Mi. Clay, as a states
 man and politician, and his unwearied hos
 tility to the anti-slavery movement from its
 commencement, and the peculiar circum
 stances in which the letter appears at this
 time, gives to it an importance which very
 few papers, emanating from any source on
 any other subject, could possess. Mr. Clay
 has spoken at the right time to receive a gen
 eral hearing. He speaks at a time when
 there is a general awakening, North and
 South and w hile his words will not receive
 the unqualified approbation of the people ol
 either section of the Union, his letter will dc
 one great good, in swelling the tide of dis
 cussion on this subject. In any event, the
 cause of freedom must gain by discussion.—
 This letter comes almost providentially, sue’
 ceeding as it does the recent address to the
 i Southern States; the interest manifested ir
 that address subsiding, and straightway there
 comes this letter, though written in anothei
 tone, and devoted to another object, is still
 well calculated to keep up the common inter
 est in the subject of slavery.
 The letter before us reveals, perhaps, raor«
 I fully and truthfully the real state of the mint'
 1 and heart of its author, than anything that
 has emanated from him on this subject at an)
 previous time. His speech in the United
 I States Senate, delivered just ten years and
 ten days before writing the present letter, wa*
 made in circumstances which gave it the
 coloring of party rather than that of the man.
 At that time, the golden bauble of the Presi
 dent's chair floated brightly before his excited
 vision, and the pathway of his mighty ambi
 tion was thought to lie over the shattered
 ruins of the youthful Anti-Slavery movement.
 To storm, blast, and destroy that movement,
 seemed indispensible to the grand attainment
 sought for. Accordingly, the desperate wori
 was attempted. Armed for the conflict, he
 rushed forth in front of our Anti-Slaver)
 ranks, throwing himself into the imminent
 and deadly breach,” and in the wildness of a
 reckless fanaticism, vainly thinking to staj
 the hand of God, he exclaimed, lam op
 posed to Emancipation either gradual or im
 nudiatt” He might as well have exclaimed,
 I am opposed to the sun rising in the morn
 ing, or the stats shining in the evening. The
 Power that moves forward the cause of free
 dom, is far beyond the puny arm of Mr. Clay,
 His speech in reply to Mr. Mendenhall, wai
 made, too, in circumstances unfavorable tc
 getting the most complete view of Mr. Clay**
 real character. Construing an honest effbrl
 on the part of Mr. Mendenhall for the freedom
 of the slave, as designed to insult him, and
 stung to the quick by the awkward position
 into which it placed him, aroused all the
 worst elements of his nature. Self-esteem,
 combativeness, and destructiveness, became
 highly excited, and he spoke out his bitterest
 emotions, telling Mr. Mendenhall to “gc
 home and mind vour (his) own business
 and that my (his) slaves are fat and sleek,”
 with many other unguarded and ungentle
 manlv remarks. In both these cases, Mr
 Clay spoke under influences well calculated tc
 lead him to disguise his real state of mind.—
 The first speech was made in the light of the
 Presidency, and was a desperate effort; th«
 second, under feelings of wounded pride, in
 dignation and wrath. Neither of these cause*
 seems to have operated in Th*
 last flickering hope of reaching the Presi
 dential chair, must have long since vanished.
 &lt;Md age, with tta many infirmities, ha*
 overtaken him, while yet far from the long
 desired goal. Four yean must pass over him
 before there is a tide that leads to the Presi
 dency. Insanity could not indulge hope*
 against such facts. Unbiased,then, by ehbet
 influence named, we assume the present let
 ter of Mr. Clay to be a (air transcript of hi*
 heart, and a complete illustration of lu« char
 acter. And what a character!—what a bean
M here revealed» Oi the ohotrmet qoeebooof
 horaan rights, his mind seems as dear aa that
 of a Chritaoa or a Wilberfbcee. Regarding
 h aa a practical goestion, hia mind iaataatly
 become* aa dark aa ibe walla of perdHioo.—
 When contemplating tbe many wrong* of the
 atare, hia heart overflow* with comp— ton
 when be torn* n&gt; vieor the loss of power and
 money which eaianipaiiua may eaoaa to the
 slaveholder, his heart become* as eoM aa
 iron. Read one paragraph, and yon fee!
 cheered and gladdened with tbs joat and ho
 aune sentiments It so welt expresses. Read
 farther on, and yoa are chilled to the aery
 booes by the cold-blooded sod heartleas man
 ncr in which the subject is treated. The
 oretically, the letter parpotls to advocate tbe
 abolition of slavery; practically, it aims at
 tbe expatriation of the colored people from
 tbe State of Kentucky. In certain parts, it
 seems intended to hasten emancipation; as a
 whole, it seems intended to retard and pot hi
 away that happy event. The whole letter is
 a compound of opposite principles—eloquent,
 but wrong and inconsistent—a Mending of
 good and evil—a mixture of honesty and ras
 cality, of piety and blasphemy, of wisdom
 and folly.
 In reviewing tbe letter before us, we would
 be just and even generous to its tang-offending
 author. He is a mao, though a wicked man,
 and one who has done as much, probably, aa
 any other parson ia this country to degrade
 and oppress the downtrodden and deeply in
 jured people to whom we belong and with
 whom we are classed. Gifted with powers of
 speech and personal address to an extent at
 tained by few, and excelled perhaps by uooe
 in this country, he has again brought out
 the tremendous influence which he wields, to
 blast the hopes, and cover with the darkneat
 of utter despair, the bruised hearts of en
 slaved millions. Wedded to that old atro
 cious persecutor of the colored inhabitants ol
 this land—the American Colonization Society
 —be has been held up by its agents as i
 model philanthropist and Christian, and hia
 means for evil have increased accordingly.—
 Representing the religious seatiment of the
 nation, being a member of the church, he hu
 pressed into the service of slavery and preju
 dice, the overwhelming force of our spuriouf
 theology. And yet we would not Heat hire
 as one wholly bad, in whom there is nosparl
 of goodness. On the contrary, we observe it
 him traits of character, evidences of feel
 ings, which prove him to be a man of i
 generosity far above the average class o
 slaveholders in this couotry. And this ver]
 circumstance makes him all the more danger
 ous and powerful for evil, for it serves, as th&lt;
 soft veiduie of the field, to conceal th&lt;
 hideous folds of the viper ready to leap fortl
 and destroy the unsuspecting.
 But we must now come to a more dost
 and particular examination of this letter, fo
 though it contains nothing especially new, am
 presents no strong points which have not beei
 a thousand times met and refuted, the sourci
 from which it emanates, and the general in
 terest which is taken in the subject, may jus
 vify a somewhat careful examination and refu
 tat ion of those which it presents against th&lt;
 just and speedy termination of slavery. Be
 fore attending to the points about which w
 differ, we must thank Mr. Clay for tbe fev
 good things contained in this leter. Byi
 very few strokes of the pen, he has laid bar
 the malignant doctiines of John C. Calhoun
 1 that slavery is a good institution—that i
 ought to be perpetuated. For exposing thi
 infernal heresy, we thank Mr. Clay. Wi
 thank him for admitting that this doctrin
 would enslave a white as readily and properl
 as a black race. We thank him that he doe
 not fully endorse that wicked doctrine of th
 natural inferiority of the colored race. Bu
 above all, we thank him for laying down
 platform for himself and the people of thi
 United States generally—a broad and gloriou
 platform, worthy the head and heart of i
 Garrison or a Gerrit Smith. This platforn
 is in the following language:
 If, indeed, we possess this intellectun
 superiority, profoundly grateful and thankfu
 to Him who has bestowed it, we ought to ful
 fil all the duties and obligations which it im
 poses, and these would require us not to sub
 jugate or deal unjustly by our fellow men wh&lt;
 are less blessed than we are, but to instruct, t&lt;
 improve and to enlighten them.”
 These are great words—a plain/ simple
 yet beautiful declaration of sentiments.—
 Would to heaveu they were backed up by the
 life of the man who put them forth; but
 alas words are but words, sound or holloa
 according to the character of him who utten
 them. In the light however of these wotds,
 let us examine this letter; for they contain
 the light of a high moral sense, a deeply re
 ligious sentiment—in a word, they are a
 transcript of the mind of Christ, as shown
 forth in the New Testament. Granting that
 the while people, then, are mentally and
 morally superior to those of a darker hue,
 Mr. Clay says that tbe assumption imposes
 the duty and obligation on the former to
 instruct to improve and to enlighten the
 latter. Now, how does Mi. Clay propose tc
 discharge these high duties and obligations 1
 By establishing schools—by ceasing to en
 slave and plunder these people 1 No bat by
 setting a day, some thirty years hence, when
 they ah all be peremptorily and legislatively
 driven from their homes, friends and relations,
 into a far distant land, far beyond the 44 in
 structig, improving, and enlightening” influ
 ences of this superior race. Instead of seek
 ing to instruct, to improve, and enlighten the
 colored people of Kentucky, be seeks to gel
 them beyond the reach of bis influence—tc
 get rid of them altogether. How unutterably
 inconsistent, unjust and mean is this treat
 ment If, as a general principle, is ia the
 duty of races of superior endowments or at
 tainments, 44 to instruct, to improve and en
 lighten” those less fsvoted in theae reaper ts,
 how much more ia it the duty of the white
 people of Kentucky to perform this Chrialiaa
 office for the colored people of that State?—
 Their ignorance, and degradation, and poverty
 aa men, aside from any other consideration,
 would naturally suggest the discharge of this
 duty. But a stronger appeal ia made, whan
 it ia remembered that much, if net aO the
 ignorance, debasement and poverty of the
 Mack* in that State, has been forced open
 them by this very white nee that now boast*
 and thanks God for Ha superior endowments.
 In this view of the ease, the doties alleged
 become positive and solemn
 Kentucky, it is trne, does net present to
 the world so prosperous an «sport aa many of
 the fra* States; bet to whom is she indebted!
to what -f —fnr weal* aod |Wf wily
 whack has thm fe r steaded her while pop*-
 letioa? What hand has slaia her wee deso
 late -flitmi— and spread oat to (fee light
 at tha mo vast region*, drainnd. fertilized and
 ear idled, but the hand of this cable race?—
 Theae hare labosed, and the whites have re
 ceived the reward. Theae have toiled, that
 othera might tire in eaae. Then poverty hat
 become the riches of their creel enslavers.—
 Their hard earning*, instead of being appro
 priated to the instreetion, improvement and
 enlightenment of their children, have been
 devoted to the instruction, improvement aud
 enlightenment of the children of their white
 oppressors. For theae, they have labored
 under a horning sen, and a stinging lash,
 without wages, and without hope, under no
 other incentive to industry than the tetror in*
 spired by the bloody lash.
 For all this, Mr. Clay would compensate
 them by setting a time beyond the avenge
 length of homan life, when all children born
 after 1860 shall be free. How free?—to
 stay in the land of their birth, and enjoy a
 monel of the fruit of their toil, and that of
 their ancestors? No; but to be driven out
 of the State, out of the country, without in*
 slruction, without improvement, and without
 enlightenment. Twenty-five years, according
 to Mr. Clay’s plan, they must be subjected to
 all the cruel exactions of the slave code, and
 subjected to all the liabilities of other chattels,
 to be bought and told, mortgaged and deeded
 away like bones, sheep and swine, consoled
 by the reflection, that when they have attained
 the age of twenty-five yean, they are to be
 hired out, under the authority af the State,
 three years,” at fifty dollars ajrear, to raise
 money to pay rt»a their own .expatriation!
 Could anything be more cruel and monstrous
 than this? Yet this is Mr. Clay’s mode of
 doing justice, instructing, improving and en
 lightening the poor slaves of the State ol
 Kentucky! A more insulting and villanoua
 mode of treating the colored people of that
 State, could not well be devised. The authoi
 of it seems to have pressed every humane
 sentiment, for the time being, from his heart,
 and to have set down to his work with all the
 cool, calculating malignity of a blood-thirst y
 pirate. Not content with placing the hope
 of freedom far beyond the reach of the pres
 ent generation, and one-half of the next, he
 provides that these destined to enjoy it, shal
 be colonized, expatriated, and that they shal
 furnish the means for their own expatriation
 thus showing that it is not for Emancipatior
 that Mr. Clay is contending, but banishment
 It is not for the freedom of the slave, but the
 freedom of Kentucky it is not to benefit the
 slave, but the slaveholder. In this plan foi
 emancipation, there is every provision for the
 slaveholder’s advantage, and none for the
 slave. Thirty-four years are to elapse before
 the first “crop” of slaves is to be effected.—
 Thirty-four years” is a sufficient space ir
 which to provide against all the losses whicl
 might otherwise ensue. Mr. Clay virtually
 exhorts the slaveholders of Kentucky, as the
 best means of promoting their interest, t&lt;
 commence at once to sell off their slaves t&lt;
 the far South, to crowd the New Orleans
 market with their human chattels. Come
 brother slaveholders! the cause of freedon
 demands that you fill up your empty coffer
 with blood-stained gold. You can do so nov
 in a manner which shall be as honorable as i
 is profitable. You may sell off your slaves
 and call it emancipation. Here is a chance o
 freeing the State, without freeing the slave
 You may now revive the slavetrade, with al
 its hellish enormities, in the name of freedon
 and humanity. If the market be not goo&lt;
 now, remember that you have thirty-fou
 years before you; wait until prices are higher
 Indeed, you may keep your “fiist crop” unti
 they arc in their twenty-fifth year, and just ai
 they are making up their minds, and layinj
 out plans for improvement and happiness ii
 Liberia, you can sell them off in Louisiana
 and thus will our beloved State of Kentucki
 be tree from slavery, and be distinguished fo
 benevolence and philanthropy, while, in ver]
 truth, you will not lose a farthing. This w&lt;
 affirm to be a fair reading, the very pith o
 Mr. Clay’s reasoning on this point; and iti
 gross fraud, deception and injustice, is to&lt;
 palpable to need a single word of comment
 One word further about Colonization. W&lt;
 hold it to be downright impudence for Mr,
 Clay, or any one else, to propose the removal
 of any member of the human family to anj
 quarter of the habitable globe, and the very
 climax of injustice and tyranny for any class
 of persons to force such removal upon an
 other class. How dare Henry Clay or any
 one else undertake to decide where an equal
 brother man shall live He has just as much
 right to murder the slaves where they are, as
 to force them to leave this country where they
 are free. The wrong in the oae ease only
 differs in extent, not in quality. Humble as
 we are, degraded, imbruted and enslaved as
 we have been, if Henry Clay or any one else
 should propose to remove us, he would have
 his insolence rebuked and if he should force
 us, it would be fotce against force. If we
 could speak to the colored people of Ken
 tucky, we would counsel them not to dream
 of leaving Kentucky, but would entreat them
 to stand by their homes and firesides—to pre
 fer death in Kentucky rather than be driven
 to Liberia or elsewhere. But we think there
 very little if any probability that this alter
 native will be presented. The colored people
 of Kentucky arc too useful as laborers, and
 the sagacious land owners are too much dis
 posed to consult .their own inleiest even to
 urge the colored laborer to leave the State.—
 Extinguish slavery, and the veiy elements
 upon which colonization has a name to live in
 the South, is destroyed. No one Sooth
 would ever bare thought of colonising the
 free blacks of the South, bat that the presence
 of the free spread discontent among the slave
 population. Bnt how will colonization exist,
 when the foundation upon which ~h rests
 ■ball cease to exist The one will go down
 with the other.
 But let us bear Me. Clay on un mediate
 emancipation.
 Nothing could have been more on wise than
 the immediate liberation of all the State, com*
 ptehendiag both aexas and all ages, from that
 of tender lafeacy to extreme old age. It
 would lead to tha moat frightful and fatal con
 sequences. Aar great change in the condi
 tfeo of society should be marked by extrease
 cue mod circumspect wo. The introduction of
 ■feveiy into the colonies was an operation of
 ■any years’ duration aad the work of their
 CMaoval from the United States eaa oaly be
 after the lapse of t exeat length of
Wbl the frigbtfd md foul eoneeqQeaeee
 would be, Me. Cuf dom not teU ne. Re
 erideadj Awe net like ■yeiflntiow in a cnee
 kke (hit. He doe* not pamt os to Jamaica—
 to any «f the Britiib or French blend* where
 dates bate been immediately emancipated, to
 find those meet frightful and fatal eon*
 sequences, bat leaves every man to judge for
 himself «bat those fiifhtfsJ and fatal oon
 seqoences would be. He knows that no soch
 consequences have ever resohed front imroedt
 ate emancipation in the Went Indies or any*
 where else. They exist only in his own
 wicked imagination. “The wicked flee where
 no man pursocth.”
 Bat of what ie Mr. Clay afraid Is it that
 the emancipated slate would make war
 spun the slaveholder because of his emanci
 pation Does he suppose that the slave would
 be so enraged with his benevolent master for
 ceasing to enslave him that be would take
 veugeoce upon him for that act! Or does be
 imagine that the slaveholders themselves and
 the white people generally ot the State of
 Kentucky are so barbarous and tyrannical,
 that they would make war upon the freed
 slave—simply because be free, and attempt
 to exterminate him? Or does be suppose that
 the slaves are so feeble and helpless that they
 could not take care of themselves? If any
 one or all of these consequences be really
 apprehended by Mr. Clay, he is &amp;ftainly
 more ignorant of human nature than he has
 generally been supposed to be.
 In our judgment there is not the slightest
 reason to apprehend unhappy differences be
 tween the white people of Kentucky and the
 freed slaves. It is not to be supposed that
 the slave il) bound up to the foil stature of
 a freeman the moment his fetters fall from
 his limbs! or that he will swell up into a
 very high estimate of his own dignity all at
 once. No! the transition from slavery to
 freedom will be long and slow, even after the
 slave is legally emancipated. A sense ol
 gratitude, always strong in the oppressed,
 would lead them to respect and reverence
 their former owners; while the good sense
 of the latter would always enable them tc
 cultivate this feeling, by doing just whai
 Henry Clay says to do, instruct
 ing, improving, and enlightening them.'
 It was long after we came to the North, er&lt;
 we ever thought ourselves on an equality
 with white persons. We long treated then
 (perhaps we do now) as our superiors
 No one, not even 2 slaveholder, could exac
 more politeness than we were disposed t&lt;
 render every respectable white person wit!
 whom we had any business. Judging fron
 our own experience, then, we feel warrantei
 in saying, that no danger need be appre
 hended from immediate emancipation, on tha
 score. To suppose that the act of emancipa
 tion would at once change the passive slavi
 into a proud and revengeful freeman, is t&lt;
 suppose an absurdity gross and palpable
 No, Mr. Clay; the change will be gradua
 enough. When the great point of eraanci
 pation shall have been gained, long and darl
 will be the years through which the free&lt;
 bondman will have to pass, ere he shall b&lt;
 folly clear of the badge of servitude, sunkei
 deep into his mental constitution by th&lt;
 bondage of ages. No fears of haste, of in
 considerate action, need be entertained
 Could all the powers of learning and religior
 be set in operation, to restore him to his na
 tural manhood—still the process would ne
 cessarily be gradual. He is too low dowi
 to spring to the top at a leap. Emancipatioi
 would only let loose and quicken his energies
 He would still have the journey from bond
 age to freedom before him. Hence, upor
 rational as well as Christian principles, w&lt;
 may demand the immediate emancipation o
 every slave in the world. There are othei
 parts of this letter upon which we migh
 comment, and perhaps to profit; but we maj
 have already written more than will be read
 and have overtasked the patience of oui
 reader? who have followed us thus far. W&lt;
 close by asking you to read both sides. Tht
 letter of Mr. Clay will be found on the firsi
 page of this week’s paper.— f. d.
Gerrit Smith’s Letter.
 We are eorry that we published Mr.
 Smith's letter in last week’s paper, as it
 was not intended for publication, and our
 friend will of course forgive us this mistake.
 We have not room this week for the publics,
 lion of the speech to which he alludes in his
 present letter on the subject of the Constitu
 tion, but may do so next week. We shall
 therefore reserve the comments, which we 1
 should otherwise make, upon the letter which
 we publish in this week’s paper, until that
 time.— r. D.
A line from our friend Austin Steward,
 informs us that H. H. Garnet will deliver his
 eloquent lecture in Canandaigua, Sunday
 evening next, on the Past and Present Condi
 tion and Future Prospects of the Colored
 Race. It is a highly interesting lecture, and
 we hope our fnend will have a large audi
 ence.—r. D.
When the Ram’s Horn proves that sug
 gesting a desire to own a part in it, makes
 one such an owner, the “North Star” will
 retract the charge of misrepresentation.— f.d.
J. B. Gough, the eloquent temperance lec
 turer,'delivered three powerful lectures to large
 congregations in Minerva Hall, this week.
 Hundreds went away unable to gain ad
 mission.—r. o.
Domestic Economy.
 There is nothing more common among the
 colored people in this country, than to bear
 continually enjoined, and see constantly coo
 formed to, the divine precept, M Fntt seek yo
 the Kingdom of Heaven and its righteousness,
 and all other things shall be added,” &lt;kc.,
 honestly believing as thousands, especially
 the Christians among them believe, that this
 injunction bad reference to the common walk*
 °r domestic or temporal eooceras of man.—
 This is not the case, we sincerely assure the
 render, having reference not even to the ms),
 titudea around about him, but given an a pre
 cept to those whom He called from among the
 msnaes, busily engaged, deeply concerned,
 tnd intensely absorbed u&gt; the con
 cerns of this life, as were Peter, Andrew, and
 James the fishermen, supplying mo doubt the
 greet markets of Jerusalem, Samaria and
 other populous cities, sod Matthew, the erne*
 tom-house officer, a politician, and dependant
 oo the government of hie country for a living;
 all of whom would most probably refuse to
 comply with his request, oe the isosouehie
 ground that they had saving to make, the
eaflof into which he would induce them being
 that which, in itadf unpopular, could poasiWy
 fata them not biag—neither la* or a nor Beans.
 Bat Christ himself being the living bead
 the laith he desirsd to establish, cndeavoted to
 demonstrate the firing troth, that Ha was the
 Kingdom of Heaven”—all things being
 possible with him; in their new vocation, by
 seeking first the Kingdom of Heaven
 that is, to follow him, and in their walks
 through life, they would find means adequate
 to their wants and demands. All this may
 have been necessary for those first called to
 promote the doctrines of eternal truth in that
 early period of the world’s dark history, and
 portion of the semi-heathen nations of the
 earth. But that it applied to none but the
 Disciples, and is not now necessary, it has
 not been, since the days of the seventy-two
 apostles, restricted nor verified.
 It is then clear that, so far as we are con
 cerned, we labor under the most egregious,
 the most shameful error. This, however, is
 but the result of oppression and degradation,
 a legitimate offspring, an unerring compliance
 with the hell-origiuated mandates of slavery.
 The slaveholder iand pro-slavery man-debas
 ing hypocrites of the country, have so taught
 our fathers, and they, unfortuately, in turn,
 have taught them to us.
 The devices of the oppressor are never
 failing they are almost omnipotent; they
 possess a charm over the oppressed almost
 like magic art. Like the great national policy
 of the slaveholders of the South, holding
 most prominently before the eyes of the North
 the subjects of banks and tariff, about which
 to scramble, and dispute us the sine que non
 of their national existence, in order to hold

 the greater power; so have both North and
 South united in holding ou(, in bold projec
 tion, before the eves of the colored people of
 this country, the hope of heaven, as alone
 sufficient to obtain every earthly and temporal
 desire, nothing else in this world being worth j
 living for, who, while they are dejected, cast
 down, spiritless, and sighing in hope of aj
 better world, are concocting the most suc
 cessful schemes to keep them in submission
 and bondage! This is the object of the
 oppressor in teaching such doctrines to col
 ored people.
 This earth and its fullness were created for
 high and holy purposes—the special benefit of
 man. Man (as the first command given him
 after shown the works of creation) was to
 have dominion over the earth, to possess its
 productions, and enjoy them. To enjoy them
 aright, would be, to appropriate a portion of
 them in works of goodness, thereby rendering
 assistance to his fellows. Man must first
 possess before he can contribute or appro
 priate.
 W e were commanded to do unto others as
 we would they should do unto us—assist the
 poor and needy, &amp;c.; but how can we who
 oppose every effort to obtain the good things
 of this world, even as Christians comply with
 this Divine command? We cannot. Having
 nothing to give, there can from us be nothing
 relieved. We s.re therefore naught but pau
 pers and beggars upon the face of the earth—
 a pest and cumbrance to society; as Christ
 himself, though with much commiseration,
 in his allusion, compares the beggar to the
 thief o» the dung-hill.” We must become
 sensibly awakened and alarmingiy aroused
 to our real condition, compared with those by
 whom we are surrounded, the favored class.
 The white man is the ruler—the colored
 man the subject; the white man is ambitious
 for the mastery the colored man submits to
 be the servant. The white man will not live
 without a country, though he must gain it by
 usurpation and blood —the colored man is
 content to sojourn, a* it were, denied of every
 right and privilege tending to make him equal
 to his fellows. The white man and woman
 are not satisfied without a large portion of this
 world’s, goods, and the fullness of their en
 joyment but the colored man and woman
 are perfectly satisfied, “contented and happy,”
 in the language of the slaveholder, to live in
 the service of God, and eventually die and get
 to heaven. Ihe white man possesses all
 the earth, with a fair prospect of heaven
 the colored man has nothing of this earth,
 with only the same prospect of the white
 man. Man’s mission is an earthly one, and
 God intended that we should take an equal
 part in the discharge of its various dulies.
 To do this, we mnst have means and to ob
 tain them, we, the colored people, must pur
 sue the same course in the various depart
 ments of life that others do.
 We must be willing, because it is as con
 trary to nature as the blending of light and
 darkness, to cease looking to Providence to do
 that fur us which God has given us the ability
 and means to do for ourselves. God works
 by means, and not by miracles. He has placed
 within our reach means for the accomplish
 ment of certain ends; the application of these
 means will attain the end aimed at or desired.
 V\ e must therefore become a business, money
 making people. Prayer and praises only fill
 one’s soul with emotion, but can never fill his
 month with bread, nor his pocket with money.
 Whilst colored people are hofino, the white
 man is doing. We most also do, if we desire
 the same enjoyments and possessions of this
 life. We must learn how to gain a living, to
 make out bread, the first lesson of which has
 not yet been taught u* We have not yet
 lost the feeling common to master and serv
 ant; and anttl this is the case, we are only fit
 for slaves. Colored people most cease their
 servile occupations, and get into business, re
 spectable occupations, and thereby cease to be
 boys” and girls, taking their places
 among men and women in soeiety.
 We shall next show the laws by which
 God governs the destinies of man, the possi
 bility and impossibility of man’s attaining!
 certain ends, and that all men may attain the
 same end by the applies) ion of certain means;
 hence, it is possible for colored people to at
 tain all that the whites have attained.—
 m. a. d.
SI'HDAV Ancax*c*ra tM Baltimokk.—
 L*at Sunday tftemoon, the Baltimore firemen
 had their osnal diteraion on that sacred day.
 There was a regular aet battle, and one man
 waa dreadfully injured by a blow on the head
 Ann a bnek and a nab with a knife.
Ovealand to Ca Li roan u. —The Wash
 ington Union publishes s letter from Fort
 Smith, Arkansas. The emigration to Cah
 foreis overload is enormous. At Forts Smith
 •od Van Bsren it is estimated that 10 000
 emigrants will muster.
Cincinnati. The popeti two of Ciecm
 oali, according to a receet in
 mjii.j r
Aacrkai olorybobia
 The venerable apostle of abolition, Thomas
 Clarkson, moved all England by farts.making
 enthusiast* of fngid and waking
 «P the indignation of Wilberforoe, Foi and
 Pitt, and their honored successors, until that
 auspicious hour when the result was mam
 fa**d in the emancipation of 800,000 culnial
 subjects.
 The Abolitionists of Ameiira are not back*
 ward in appreciating the potency of facts in
 tbeir mission of love and whether the con
 troversy be in relation to the workings of
 Southern slavery, physically, morally, or po
 litically, or its hydra-headed Northern ally—
 prejudice against color, they sre always in
 possession of these stubborn proofs, which,
 being faithfully applied, are fast creating that
 public sentiment destined, ere long, to remove
 from this republic the blighting curse of sla
 very. An individual once said to an abuli
 tiouist, Why are your organizations and
 presses always harping upon colorph«*bia
 facts The answer was given. That th**v
 indicated the state of public opinion in their
 several localities, and were therefore pro
 fitable, for reproof, example and doctrine, and
 will of necessity remain so w hile the cause
 itself exists.
 Northern pro-slavery vents its volunteer
 malignity upon those whose complexion iden
 tifies them with the bleeding victims of
 Southern cupidity and tyranny and to what
 ever department or enterprise a colored man
 would aspire, he is met at the threshhold w ith
 an anti-republican veto, and indignantly thrust
 aside. To such an extent has this unholy
 proscription been applied, that it is now an
 axiom among abolitionists, that when a col
 ored American gets justice awarded him, m
 his own, his native land/’ it is by chance,
 and not intent.
 The recent rejection of William H. Topp
 from the Albany Young Men’s Association,
 (as set forth in the correspondence published
 in last week's paper,) adds one more fact ti
 the infamous catalogue of insults heaped upor
 worthy and intelligent American citizens.—
 Mr. Topp is a gentleman proverbial for al
 those traits of character which, in any olhei
 country than Republican America, would I*
 deemed. a passport to an elevated commeteia!
 social or literary circle and yet those in tht
 city of Albany, State of New York, vainb
 presuming themselves his betters, have for
 i mally forbid his admission to their Assona
 tion. But let the Albany skin-aristocrac
 i enjoy all the satisfaction such a pro-slaver
 offering can confer upon them. It w ill not b
 of long duration. The hour is rapidly hasten
 ing, when even they will be so ashamed o
 the inglorious act as to desire its record ex
 pung:d from the tablet of impartial historv
 American colorphobia is never more ram
 pant towards its victims, than when one woult
 avail himself of facilities for menial improve
 ment, in common with the more favorer
 dominant party, as it his complexion n
 indeed prirna facia evidence that he was ai
 intruder within the groves of Parnassus.
 In Boston, the Athens of America, largi
 audiences in Lyceum lectures have beei
 thrown almost into spasms by the presence o
 one colored man in their midst; and on on»
 occasion a mob attempted to annihilate a gen
 tleman and two ladies, who did not happoli h
 exhibit the Anglo-Saxon complexion; bui
 within a few years past, this spirit of caat&lt;
 has kept in the shade, owing somewhat ti
 efforts put forth by the colored people ihem
 selves. For ten years they sustained tlx
 Adelphic Union, and were generally fortunati
 in secuiing the most talented and distinguish*
 lecturers but though proscribed themselves
 they opened a hall in a central location in th&lt;
 c »*y °f Boston, and magnanimously invite&lt;
 all to avail themselves of its benefits, am
 their lecture-rooin was usually visited by del
 egations from all classes of the community
 from whence emanated those influences, ex
 tending themselves through every ramifica
 tion of society, and contributed to a som&lt;
 what reciprocal feeling on the part of othe
 associations, at many of which nothing u
 hazarded by the assertion that a colored mat
 would now be treated equal with others.
 In New Bedford, also, such a rebuke bai
 been administered to colorphobia that, tliougl
 the venom may still rankle in the veins o
 some, the unhappy patients have not yet sue
 ceeded in infecting the citizens again. Th&lt;
 colored citizens were in the habit of attending
 the Lyceum lectures, in common with other?
 when the spirit of slavery demanded tkei
 colonization. This persecution aroused up th&lt;
 manhood and sympathies of many friends oi
 humanity, among whom were those tw&lt;.
 ever-to-be-honored names, Charles Sumner
 E»q., and Ralph Waldo Emerson. They
 were both announced to lecture, but on learn
 ing the proceedings relative to their colored
 fellow-men, they both threw up their engage
 ments, rather than sanctiop, by their presence
 on the rhstrum, such an outrage on the rigliti
 of man. litis noble deed, by two of Cod’*
 nobility, was not without its effect on tht
 stony, pro-slavery hearts of New Bt-dlqid
 and, as a legitimate feature, it nerved tht
 souls of New Bedford freemen to establish ar
 independent Lyceum, where men, irrespective
 of accidental differences, could freely asst-m
 ble and have dispensed to ihem the dew-drop*
 of knowledge. The blending of circum
 stances created an impetus in favor of iht
 free Lyceum, that completely superseded the
 other, and thus a victory «u achieved in hu
 manity’s behalf.
 A triumph, in many respects similar,
 once won in Lynn, where opposition
 manifested to a lecture by Charles L toot
 Rernond. A majority united in the foimatw*
 of another institution, thus proving iba*
 where there is a will, a way ean alwaya I*
 found for united hearts to bear a faithful and
 fffecttve testimony against proscription aid
 tyranny.
 There is, however, one most lmponat*
 distinction between the States of Massac*"*'
 aetta and New York. In the former, a
 °red citizen enjoys the elective franck j*-
 while in the letter the daik pall of slavery
 yet hangs over the ballot-box. Thu rt
 aaoved, an influence will be gained, powerfully
 operating upon the various features of pre*
 davtry caste in the Empire Stale.—w c.
Impost ant to the Psts*.—-Tbs
 York Superior Court has deader! that nc«&gt;
 papers have the right to publish police **»d
 judicial reports, sod that any tree and i« r
 report is not s libel. This has heretofore
 a disputed point. Fsir criticisms are »l*o
 clued privileged.
