FREDERICK DOUGLASS,
 M. K. m:i.ANV, Eo,t,,m
VOL. 11. NO. 14.
The NORTH STAR w published every
 Friday, at No. Ruiialo Street,
 {OfffMlt lie A'cwi'-'l
 TEH Mi.
 Two 4&gt;Uan. t**r an-nin. t/ifiyt *4r**rt. tin
 •ulufiiptiofi w II lw rewind for a Wi lenn -.inn
 #i* month*.
 n not lin«
 three tm v, for one &lt;i »lU&gt; every m'*e uwr
 t o.i, t ivf;ttv-?tre cent*.
 of tile North STAR will l« to attack
 SUVKI.T in *:i il* f &lt;rm» s»*d
 l\ivi;::ul. EMANCIPATION; ll l* #tamUrcl
 of Pf ni.t f M&gt;r %i.irr; promote the moral and in
 (ellecluil i.H|wri’rftneni of the COLORED PEOPLE;
 *„«t .he -'ay -f FREEDOM to the Thru
 Mil* ions of our K.«i»ved Fellow Cots-
 TITRf
 IT BI.IHHEIt’3 NOTICES.
 All rommii libations relating to the luxinr*'
 m jtirrn «.f the paper, r.nme* of eulwci liter*, remit
 ta tc'M, itc., nhoul'l lie addresaed to Jons Dick,
 Publisher.
 fjj* Agent*, an I all others sending names, are
 etsuckted to lx* accurate, and give the P ott Office,
 the C/u-i/y, an 1 the St Jr. Eac h Subscrilier is im
 mediately credited for money received.
 (0- Any person sending in ti»e payment for four
 sultticrabers, to lie forwarded to one addics#, may
 bave a fifth copy for one year.
 (0- All letters and communications must lie P° st
 paid.
 US I OF AGENTS.
 M tss ac Ht’si.T rs.—R. F. W'alcntt, 21, Coruhill,
 Boston; Nat .a i Johnson, New B-lfx-d; Horatio W
 Fost-r, Unveil; Ja nes V. HnlTatn, Lynn; George
 Eva is, Worcester Bourne Spooner, Nvuioutli;
 Ciiarle* M. Set., Springfiel.l David Haggles,
 Nortaam-ito i; 11. C irpenter, L’pton.
 Main e.— Oliver Demiett, Portland.
 Vfiukim. —Rowland T. Robinson, Nortli Fer-
 Fl Vox* rrnctiT. —Jonathan Leonard, Newjlaven
 N i; iv If rnesilißK. —Wear* Tappnn, Bradford.
 f -\v Vokk. —Sydney li. Gay, 142, Nassau
 Str ct; .1 t a-s McCuae Smith, f)3, West Broadway;
 Jose;*:,’ Post, Westlnry, Queen County; Mary Har
 n r, A!:m;o Elias Doty, Maced in; Willetts iveese,
 Pent. Clinton County; William S. Baltimore, Troy;
 J. F. Platt, Penn Van; J. Jeffrey, Geneva; E. L.
 Platt, Bath.
 Rhode Island.—Amarancy Paine, Providence.
 I&gt;% sy i. va s i a.—J. M. M’Kitn, 31, North I ifttli
 Str&lt;'-t, Pnil idelphia; (i. W. Gomes, Exchange
 Place, Ditto; B. Bown,Pittsburgh; Win. Whipjier,
 Coin libia; Isaac R .Herts, Jacob L. Paxon, Norris
 town, Montgmn ry County, Milo A. Townsend,
 New Brighton.
 Ohio. —Christian Donaldson, Cincinnati; Wat
 non an l Gain"*, Ditto; Valentine Nicholson, Har
 veys 1 nrrgit, Warren Co.; Satnnel Brooke, Salem.
 Michigan.—Roliert Banks, Detroit.
 Indiana.—Joel P. Davis, Economy, Wayne Co
Selections.
SLWERY.
 [Fro n the article by Dr. Dewey, on “The Crisis
 of Free loin in tue Old World and the New,” in the
 Janunrv number of the Clirstian Examine).]
 In die opening of this discussion, we
 remarked that there were certain ques
 tions which deeply agitate us ut home.
 It is, indeed, a part of that great
 movement in men’s minds which per
 vades the whole civilized world.—
 Abroad, men are demanding more
 freedom for themselves. Here, we are
 demanding it for the slave. We have
 come, and the whole world has come,
 within a few years, to a new view of!
 the whole subject. But at the present!
 moment, the demand here has taken a
 particular form. A determination has
 very plainly manifested itseli in this na
 tion, within a few months past, that
 there shall be no further extension of
 the slave system upon our territory.—
 We belive that, effectively, the battle
 for free soil is already fought, and the
 victory won. We rejoice at it, more
 than we rejoice at any public event
 within our memory. Whether we are
 right or wrong, the impulse of our
 whole heart is to say, We thank God
 for it!
 We rejoice at it, aud we give thanks
 —but it is in no spirit of unkiudness to
 our fellow-citizens of the Southern
 States. We respect many of them
 whom we know. We believe them to
 be perfectly sincere and conscientious
 in the defence of their system. But
 they must allow us to be sincere, too,
 and conscientious. We believe that
 enslaving men is substantially a wrong.
 We cannot get over, nor around, nor
 away from the conviction, that it is a
 wrong, which, instead of being ex
 tended, should bo extinguished as fast
 as possible. We believe that it is a
 wrong to human nature —that it is a
 wrong to man as man. What it is to
 man as an animal, we will not now ask.
 Wnether it feeds and clothes him well,
 whether it makes him comfortable,
 whether it allows him to be sportive and
 joyous, or how often it visits him with
 stripes, gushes him with wounds, sends
 bloodhounds to pursue linn like a dog
 wolf, we will not ask. Human slavery
 is u wrong to the nature that it takes
 effect upon. It iniskes and maltreats
 that nature. There stands a human
 being; may his master cultivate his
 faculties as he would those of a child?
 By no means; it will never do; he will
 be no longer a slave. Slavery, then,
 denies to this nature its inherent rights
 —denies its progress, comiflfaufe it to
 sop, to stand still—will not, does not,
 dares not permit it to rise. by, let
 me any man, the stoutest defender
 of this system, Would you think it
 right to enslave the poorest, meanest,
 most misoruble, most imbecile white
 man that lives in the next cottage?—
 Would think it right, right before
 God, to seize bun, and buy him, and
 sell him, and sell his wile and his
 children, and their posterity forever
 after, into hopeless bondage? The
 answer is, No. The conscience of all
 the world says, No. What then? Can
 the complexion ot a skin, whitened by
 a Northern sky, bronzed by an Indian
 clinic, or biuckenened beneath the
 heats of Africa—-make all this stupen
 dous difference beneath r Hit 'and
 wrong—make that to be just under one
 shade of color, which under another
 would be infinitely unjust? U this the i
 ethics of the slave system—that a brand
 or a chain upon a white skm is u hei
 nous wrong, to make all the world erv
 out with indigntiou, and that a brand or
 a chain upon a colored skm is a right
 eous aud lawful mark or badge?
 This is the strong ground of the
THE NORTH STAR.
I Free Soil” argument, but this is not
 all. The wrong principle work out bad
 effects. Not as visionary dreamers,
 not as mere moralizers, do we protest
 against the slave system; bat as politi
 cal economists, as patriot citizens, a*
 those who wish to see upon their terri
 tories the most vigorous and prosperous
 growth of men. If there were a Upas
 tree which could be introduced into
 California and New Mexico, to spread
 a fatal blight throughout all the land,
 who would permit it to be planted there?
 Slavery is that Upas-tree. It is a
 blight to industry, making it a degra
 tion; it is a blight to the very soil, ex
 hausting its fertility; it is a blight to
 the general education of the white race,
 from the necessary sparseness of that
 class of the population; it is a blight to
 whole internal activity and mechanical
 genius and commercial prosperity ol
 any people. Why, one of the strong
 est pleas for the occupancy of a new
 soil is, that the old is worn out. It is
 said, we know, that the torrid zone
 cannot be cultivated by any but black
 men. Suppose it were true, is that an
 argument for making them slaves? But
 we doubt if it be so. We do not be
 lieve there is any region in which white
 men cannot be acclimated, and accus
 tomed to toil. Are the people of Bra
 zil and Hindoostan and Siam black
 men? And even if £the burning line
 bronzes the complexions of men as
 they approach it, is that, we repeat,
 any reason for making them slaves?—
 Do the free and fierce elements, as
 they sweep around, write slave’ upon
 the brow which they have darkened?
 No, complexion is not the brand of
 servitude even in the slaveholder’s es
 timation. It is descent from the slave
 mother, even though her children be
 almost as white as their master. It is
 not nature’s direction, but arbitrary
 enactment that makes a slave. It is
 local law. And it seems to us that
 it would have been much wiser for the
 slaveholder to have said that the law
 established a relation, rather than a
 tenure —a certain relation between him
 and the slave, like the old serfdom,
 rather than property in man. A human
 being to be property, commodity, chat
 tel, implement! Universal human na
 ture cries out upon it with abhorrence.
 The idea is not tenable, not tolerable,
 hardly conceivable' No, it is a relation
 established by arbitrary, particular,
 local law. The slaveholder is estopped
 by all natural law, from arguing that
 lie has just as good a right to carry his
 slaves to the new territory as to carry
 lis horse, or his plough, or his cotton
 nill.
 But here is the trouble. If the planter
 .vere forbidden by the government to
 ;arry a certain machine for packing
 cotton to the new territories, because
 it was known to injure the fabrics,
 doubtless then lie would be offended.—
 But it is a very different kind of offence
 that he takes at being forbidden to
 carry his slaves there. What is this
 difference? Why does this latter pro
 hibition, or the proposal of it, awaken
 such a peculiar sensibility? It is, that
 the refusal is put on moral grounds. It
 is our fixed conviction that slavery is
 morally wrong, that makes our position
 so exasperating to the people of the
 South. They say, You proscribe us
 by the proposed law. You assail our
 character. You say that we have
 among us a practice so bad that it can
 not be tolerated. Then we must be
 bad men. We cannot submit to this.’
 For our own part, we are painfully
 sensible to this hearing of our position
 and our argument; to their bearing
 upon many excellent, honorable, and
 Christian men. But we must say, that
 the fault is not ours. We have taken
 no new ground upon this matter of sla
 very. It is they that have placed them
 selves into a new and a wrong position.
 Pressed by attacks from the North, and
 indeed from the whole civilized world,
 and led on by an eminent statesman of
 their own, they have forsaken the old
 defensive ground, and assumed the of
 fensive. They have forsaken the
 ground which their and our fathers held
 —that slavery was a system entailed
 upon them, and from which they could
 not immediately free themselves—and
 they boldly maintain that it is a most
 excellent, a most admirable, a most
 Christian institution, and ought to be
 permanent; that it is is perfectly just
 and right to buy and sell men like cat
 tle in the market, and to hold them in
 bondage forever. It is this that has
 brought us into direct, moral collision
 as opposing parties.
 Who shall yield? It is a solemn and
 momentous question. We cannot. It
 they will not —if the Southern States
 choose to break off from this Republic
 and to set up a confederacy for them
 selves, thore are two things, we think,
 not to mention others, which are to be
 commended to their very serious con
 sideration. first, it has been very
 well asked, which of these States will
 consent to be border States? Will
 Virginia and Kentucky, or will North
 Carolina and Tennessee? They must
 build a wall far higher than the Chi
 nese wall, or they cannot keep their
 slaves a month. The bondman will
 have but to pass an imaginary line,
 or leap a fence, and he will be free.—
 Next, the republic that establishes itself
 with the feelings and on the simple
 footing of a preference of the slave
 system, will lay itselt under the ban of
 the whole Christiau world. We should
 not wonder if some civilized nations
 should refuse to send embassadors to it.
 We should not wonder if by others the
 very courtesies of private life should
 be denied to its citizeus. The reproach
 of which they now complaiu would
 gather into a weight of universal re
 probalion that would be enough to
 crush down any people. They may re
 sent the suggestion now, they may say
RIGHT IS OF NO SEX—TRUTH IS OF NO COLOR—GOD IS THE FATHER OF US ALL, AND ALL WE ARE BRETHREN.
they are sufficient to themselves; bul
 no family, no community, no nation,
 can long stand against universal scorn
 and indignation. The inhabitants ol
 such a country wauld gradualy forsake
 it; or they would go down in self-re
 spect, in virtue, in character, as cer
 tainly as there are laws of the social
 world that bind them in common with
 other men.
 These are painful things to say; but,
 in common with many other consider
 ations, they persuade us that there will
 be no dissolution of this Union. It is
 painful to say this; but, on such a sub
 ject, free, frank, plain woids are to be
 spoken. The true courtesy between
 honest and honorable men is perfect
 and fearless sincerity. If we had bro
 ilers of our own blood in the South, we
 should say this. We should say,
 “You cannot separate from us; you
 cannot arrange any feasible plan of
 separation; and you would bring upon
 yourselves the deepest injury and dis
 honor before the whole world, if you
 could.”
 We say dishonor before the world
 There is no doubt about that. But we
 mind not mainly, in this matter, what
 the world says, what the world calls
 dishonor. We stand upon the ground
 of eternal right. Where is the man on
 the face of God’s earth who will say,
 that for the slave to break the chain
 which binds him, and to flee from it, is
 an unworthy deed, —is forbidden by
 nature’s law? Nowhere. The voice
 of all the world thus adjudges slavery
 to be a wrong to humanity. Freedom,
 wejsay, is our nature’s birthright. We
 are “called to liberty” by the voice of
 Heaven, —and now, emphatically, of
 earth also. A cry has gone through
 the world, saying, “Up and demand
 justice! Up and be free!” Justice!
 Empires are shaken, thrones tremble,
 kings grow pale at that word. Justice!
 It is the stability of the universe; it is
 the throne of Heaven; it is the guard
 ianship of the world; it is the law of all
 time; it is the empire of eternity!
EXTRACT FROM GERRIT SMITH’S
 ADDRESS on the CONSTITUTION.
 The most glaring instance in which,
 in our own country, Government fails
 to afford protection to its subjects, is
 slavery. It not only suffers one person
 to enslave another with impunity, but
 in all its departments, legislative, ex
 ecutive, judicial, actually encourages,
 helps, and defends the outrage. One
 of its excuses for arraying itself on the
 of the slaveholder, is, that they
 intended it should, who framed the
 Federal Constitution. No such inten
 tions, however, are expressed in that
 anti-slavery instrument, nor the inten
 tion of its framers, which should gov
 ern the interpretation of it. The in
 tentions of the framers of the Constitu
 tion are entitled to no more weight in
 the ascertainment of its meaning, than
 are the intentions of the scrivener in
 determining the sense of the deed or
 contract which he had been employed
 to write. We do not deny that a few
 it was only a very few—of the framers
 of the Constitution undertook to get
 slavery into it. But the understanding,
 unanimous from the first, that if slavery
 were brought into it, it must be so
 brought in, as neither to be seen to be
 brought in, nor ever afterwards to be
 seen to be in, had laid an insurmounta
 ble obstacle upon the very threshhold
 of their undertaking. Slavery cannot
 be an invisible monarch. It can exist
 nowhere without being seen, as well as
 felt. To suppose that the monster
 could, unseen, enter the Constitution,
 and unseen, lie coiled up in it, is as
 absurd as the supposition that Satan
 could come among the sons of Goi
 without being detected by the All
 seeing eye. To speak less figuratively,
 the instrument, which is drawn up with
 the intelligent and steadfast purpose ol
 having it serve, and be forever fully
 and gloriously identified with, the cause
 of liberty, republicanism, and equal
 rights, must, of necessity, be shut
 against the claims and pretensions of
 slavery.
 The Federal Government has power,
 under its Constitution, to abolish every
 part of American slavery, and is su
 premely guilty for refusing to exercise
 it. But why speak of the Constitution,
 or any other paper, wdien the question
 raised is, whether the Government
 shall protect or suppress slaveholding?
 Suppose that the two hundred and fifty
 thousand pirates, whom this "corrupt
 and bloody nation cherishes in her
 bosom, were to substitute for their
 claim to the black skin an equal claim
 to the blue eyes; or for their claim to
 enslave men, the more moderate one to
 kill them, would Government deign so
 much as a single glance at the laws,
 statutary, organic, what not, which
 these pirates might hunt up, in support
 of their claims? Certainly not. It
 would, in that case, feel as it always
 should feel, that the sole end of Civil
 Government is to protect rights; and
 that it might as well be openly repudi
 ating its functions, and destroying its
 very existence, as to be giving counte
 nance to searches after authorities for
 destroying rights. Laws which inter
 pret, define, secure rights, Govern
 ment is to respect; and laws, which,
 mistakingly, yet honestly, aim at this
 end, it is not to despise. But laws
 which are enacted to destroy rights, it
 should trample under foot, for, to say
 nothing worse of them, they are a gross
 insult upon it, inasmuch as they are a
 shameless attempt to turn it from good
 to evil, and from its just and heaven
 intended uses, to uses of a diametrically
 opposite character. Moreover, Civil)
 Government is to regard such laws as
 utterly void, for the reason that (hey
 are an outrage and an open war upon
 the inflexible and eternal justice which j
 underlies all obligatory laws. Such
ROCHESTER, N. Y., FRIDAY, MARCH 30, 1849.
lavs, in a word, it is to regard as no
 laws. Should it follow them, it would
 cease to be Civil Government, no less
 so than the physician would cease to
 be a physician, and would become a
 murderer, who should substitute, for
 the purpose and effort to save life, the
 purpose and effort to destroy it. What
 ever, then, may be said of the lawful
 ness of slavery, Government, instead
 of strengthening the hand of the slave
 holder, must punish him; and, because
 murder itself does not surpass his
 crime, it is grossly inconsistent and
 partial if it do not punish him with the
 severest punishment which it inflicts—
 be that punishment confinement in the
 State Prison or suspension from the
 gallows. Again, whatever may be said
 of the lawfulness of slavery, Govern
 ment must abolish it. If it have a
 Constitution under which it cannot abol
 ish slavery, then it must override its
 Constitution, and abolish slavery. But
 whether under or over the Constitution,
 it must abolish slavery*
 We are not unware that there may
 be persons, who will admit that, whe
 ther with or against the Constitution,
 the Federal Government is bound to
 abolish slavery within the limits of its
 exclusive jurisdiction, as for instance in
 the District of Columbia, or a Terri
 tory; but who, at the same time, will
 deny that beyond these limits, as for
 instance in Virginia, it has power over
 slavery. A few words will suffice to
 show their error.
 The powers of the Federal Govern
 ment, as specified in the Constitution,
 are cofessedlv, paramount to State au
 thority; and the exercise of them is,
 confessedly, to be left unobstructed by
 State authority. But, several of these
 powers may be made either partially
 nugatory, or entirely incapable of be
 ing carried out, if the States may set
 up or maintain slavery. The Federal!
 Government has power to “guarantee
 to every State in this Union a Republi
 can iorm of Government;” also to
 “protect each of them against inva
 sion; also “against domestic vio
 lence.” It has, impliedly, if not, in
 deed, expressly, power to provide for
 the common defence, and general wel
 fare of the United States.” But, to how
 very limited an extent can these powers
 be exercised, amidst the influence and
 obstacles of slavery! Now, if the
 States may thus counteract these pow
 ers, it is absurd to say, that certain laws
 give a man power to drive his carriage
 through the streets, if, at the same time,
 other laws inay be effectually pleaded
 for blocking its wheels. The Federal
 Government is reduced to no Govern
 ment at all, beyond the sphere of its
 excluisve jurisdiction, if the State Gov
 ernments are permitted to sink them
 selves into mere piracies, and to create
 within their respective limits, an atmos
 phere, in which the Federal Govern
 ment cannot “live and move and have
 its being.”
 That the Federal Government lias
 the power to abolish the whole oi
 American slavery is not a new doctrine.
 At the time our Government came into
 being, slavery was regarded on all
 hands, as an expiring institution: and,
 hence this doctrine, then met with very
 little of that ferocious resistance, which
 it encounters, now that slavery has be
 come the rampant and supreme power
 of the land. Very distinguished oppo
 nents of the abbolition of slavery, then,
 admitted this doctrine. Said the cele
 brated Patrick Henry, when opposing,
 in the Virginia Convention, the adop
 tion of the Federal constitution: “Has
 Congress not power to provide for the
 general defence and welfare? May
 they pronounce all slaves free, and will
 they not be warranted by that power?
 There is no ambiguous implication, or
 logical deduction. The paper (the
 Constitution) speaks to the point. They
 have the power in clear, unequivocal
 terms; and will clearly and certainly
 exereise it.”
 We need add nothing to make it
 plain, that the State Governments can
 not interefere with, or deny the power
 of the Federal Government to abolish
 every part and parcel of American
 slavery. But, it is claimed, that there
 are outside of the State Governments,
 two things which deny this power.
 One of these is in thg Constitution, aßd
 the other is out of it. That, which is in
 it, is the clause respecting fugitives
 from service. It is enough to say of
 this clause, that, whilst it cannot, by a
 proper use of language, be made to
 apply to slaves, it does by such use, ap
 ply to others—such as apprentices and
 minor children. The other of the two
 things we have already disposed of. It
 is the intentions of the framers of the
 Constitution. Being but that, it is not
 only out of the Constitution but has
 nothing to do with it.
 Whatever may be said of that part
 of the Constitution, which respectsrep
 resentaton in Congress, no one pretends
 that it forbids the abolition of slavery
 by either the Federal or State Govern
 ments. And whatever may be said
 of that part of it, which respects the
 importation of persons, all admit, that
 its force expire 1 forty yesrs ago
 The admission ia often made, by
 those who claim, that the Federal Gov
 ernment can abolish the whole system
 of American slavery, that it can do so,
 only through th* Judieiury. But,
 should even this much be admitted? I.
 the Constitution says, that Congress
 “shall have power to* make all laws,
 which shall he necessary and proper
 for carrying into execution its pow ers
 vested in the Constitution in this Gov
 ernment of the United States or in any
 department or officers thereof; and it
 slavery, as we have seen, that it does,
 stand in tba way of any of these pow
 ers, then have we not both the clearest
 sad the fullest Constitutional authority,
 for taking the ground, that Congreas
may make laws to remove slavery, or
 any other obstacle, which is in the way
 of"carrying into execution its powers?”
From th Cayuga NenU.
 FOREIGN CORRESPONDENCE.
 Bristol, England, Jan. 1849.
 Dear Friend: —And as such I ad
 dress you: no doubt you will be sur
 prised to receive a letter from me, un
 known as I must be to you; but as a
 member of the Committee of the Bris
 tol Branch of the League of Uni
 versal Brotherhood,” wishing to have a
 correspondent in America, I asked that
 noble advocate of peace and freedom,
 Elihu Burritt, to iurnish me with the
 address of an individual in the United
 States interested- in the cause of the
 League, and he kindly gave me your
 name, with a wish that I would corre
 spond with you, and give some particu
 lars upon the state of our cause in this
 country. Such is my reason for now
 writing.
 Since that magnificent assembly at
 Brussels last autumn, the Peace move
 ment has taken a new aspect, for that
 demonstration has been the means of
 arousing the attention of the whole of
 Europe to the absurd and costly system
 of War as a means to settle interna
 tional disputes.
 Most of the principal newspapers in
 this country and in France have com
 mented upon it, and many of them in
 the most favorable manner.
 The Committee formed by the Peace
 Congress have been most energetically
 at work agitating the people of this
 country to support their proposals of
 establishing a High Court of Nations,
 and submitting all future misunder
 standing to arbitration. E. Burrit,
 with Mr. Richards, Secretary of the
 London Peace Society, have been tra
 versing the country for the past two
 months, holding meetings in most of
 the principal towns in England and
 Scotland.
 The meetings generally have been of
 the most triumphant character; in fact,
 the working classes appear to sympa
 thize with the movement, for although
 they may not abhor War as much as
 we would wish, from its being a great
 outrage upon our character as a Chris
 tian nation, and a monstrous violation
 of every Christian precept, they most
 thoroughly denounce it when consid
 ered in a financial point of view, for
 their eyes have been opened to see»that
 our enormous military establishments
 are a great burden to the nation, and
 that the immense taxation under which
 they labor is owing in a great extent to
 their maintenance. The voice of pub
 lic opinion has begun to flow against
 this monster evil, and the promised mo
 tion of Richard Cobden to reduce the
 Army and Navy £10,000,000, will be
 supported most truly by the majority of
 my countrymen; but when I remember
 that so many of our legislators are
 directly interested in opposing it, I fear
 that the motion, when brought before
 Parliament, will not be successful for
 the present, but of its ultimate success
 there can be no doubt, for our govern
 ors must yield to public opinion, when
 it has gathered sufficient strength.—
 Petitions will be sent to Parliament
 from most of the towns in England in
 reference to our military establishment,
 and also on Arbitration vs. War. The
 League is now fairly organized in the
 country; and as our Pledge is so com
 prehensive, our efforts are not con
 fined to Peace. The abolition of Sla
 very, wherever it may exist, is also our
 aim, and I should suppose that in the
 United States every member of the
 League exerts himself in every possi
 ble way for its annihilation in your Re
 public.
 A new movement has commenced in
 this country in reference to the subject.
 The Secretary of the British and For
 eign Anti-Slavery Society has ad
 dressed large audiences on the con
 nection of Brazilian and Cuban Sla
 very with the markets of Great Britain,
 for it appears that treaties exist between
 those countries, according to which all
 slaves that have been introduced into
 Cuba or Brazil for many years past
 are entitled to their freedom; but it is
 a lamentable fact that these treaties
 have never been respected—if they
 had been, the abominable Slavetrade
 with Africa would in all probability have
 been annihilated long ago.
 Now the Anti-Slavery Society are
 arousing the country to the facts of the
 case, and petitions will be sent to the
 Government calling upon our Foreign
 Minister to negotiate at once with Spain
 and Brazil for the fulfilment of these
 treaties; and that in case those nations
 object to set at liberty the slaves that
 have been imported since the treaties,
 it is proposed that Great Britain should
 close her ports against Cuban and Bra
 zilian produce. Admirable proposition!
 And the people of this country appear
 determined to be no longer outraged by
 their bad faith, upon this great question
 in which the happiness of millions of
 our fellow-creatures are concerned. I
 attended a meeting last week in this
 city upon the subject. I should think
 there were two thousand persons pres
 ent, and it was resolved that a petition
 should be sent from this city, support
 ing the proposal of the Anti-Slavery
 Society.
 How does the abolition movement
 gaps ground with you? We hope to
 gel iff a meeting here on Ocean Penny
 Postage between England and Ame
 rica. The idea is gradually gaining
 the support of enlightened Englishmen,
 but it appears to me that you must first
 establish a Penny Postage in America
 before it can be earned into effect.
 The present state of the European
 Continent, is tranquility; how long it
 will continue so, is impossible to say.
 ilt certainly is delightful to think tbaff
although the state of the different na
 tions of Europe has been most tumul
 tuous, and bloody conflicts have takei
 place, Old England has been quiet
 prosperous and happy, and has beet
 the wonder and admiration of neighbor
 ing nations.
 I will send a paper occasionally, as
 no doubt you will be pleased to know
 how matters go on this side of the At
 lantic. I should be greatly obliged il
 you would send me one of Douglass’
 North Star.
 Hoping you will excuse the familiar
 way 1 have addressed you, I must now
 conclude, hoping to receive (as Mr.
 Burritt told me I might expect) a hearty
 response, fori shall be glad to hear the
 state of the League and the slavery
 abolition movement in your Republic,
 and the informatich you can give me
 will not be confined to myself, for I
 shall read your response to the Com
 mittee of the League here.
 I am your 9 sincerely,
 LANCELOT BROWN.
REPLY.
 Sfringfort, 2d Mo., 1849.
 Dear Friend Lancelot Brown:—
 Our brother Leaguer, L. W. Capen,
 has had the kindness to present thy
 letter to our Society, for their informa
 tion and attention, that they might
 answer it more immediately than he is
 able to do. Therefore, we, the mem
 bers of the corresponding committee on
 behalf of the little band here, do gladly
 embrace the opportunity thus afforded,
 of intercommunication with the com
 mittee of your Branch at Bristol.
 Ours is a most noble cause—one
 which must call into exercise the first
 graces of the Christian character.—
 Our Pledge boldly asserts the great
 principle of love and confederacy with
 all of every clime, color or condition in
 humanity. God is no respecter of per
 sons, and why should thore men who
 love and serve Him wish any other
 guidance than his, and that of His Son,
 our Lord and Saviour Jesus Crist.
 Love to God and love for man, is the
 spirit or essence of the "New Testa
 ment, and while we stand pledged for
 the latter, let us not forget that wc can
 not be true to that pledge unless we
 love God with our whole heart, and
 ever prefer his will to our own pleas
 ure We believe that it is only by
 having this spirit diffused within us, by
 being thoroughly leavened with it, that
 we can come to love our neighbor, or
 fellow-man, as ourselves. Selfishness
 is a besetting sin of mankind, so deep
 rooted as to require a total change of
 heart to remove it, and until that
 change there is comparatively no safety
 in the hour of temptation.
 United as we are in this grand and
 benevolent scheme, we rejoice at the
 opportunity here afforded of imparting
 our feelings to kindred spirits across the
 water. May we be enabled often to
 encourage and instruct one another—
 to stir up each other, by way of remem
 brance, into a more holy zeal.
 We sec the wicked united and close
 ly banded together for evil, and Chris
 tians standing apart, doubting and dis
 trusting one another, for fear of invali
 dating some peculiar tenet. Ah, shame
 on them! Where is that charity, the
 chief of all virtues, which Paul so ex
 toleth in the twentyeth chapter of his
 first epistle to the Corinthians? We
 are all entitled to our views in these
 minor matters, but let us uot be ac-;
 cused, as the Jews were formerly, of
 tithing mint and annis and cummin,arid
 leaving the weightier matters of the
 law, as judgment and mercy. Rather
 let us give the weightier matters their
 place, and not forget the others. Let
 us unite closely, firmly, vigorously, in
 this great work of Philanthropy, and
 in that spirit of love and harm my
 which the Gospel inculcates, march on
 to victory.
 Our hearts were gladdened with the
 good tidings of your success in Europe.
 In the present day, thanks be to God!
 the good of every country seem to be
 united, and a blow struck at the root of
 the corrupt tree in one country, causes
 the far distant branches in another to
 tremble.
 We unite with you in the belief that
 our pledge binds us to exert ourselves
 in behalf of the oppressed and en
 slaved, as well as to throw off the yoke
 of military establishments. We be
 lieve that our country is at last awaken
 ing to the importance of the abolition
 movement, to the weight of the curse
 and the enormous ioiquity of the sys
 tem.
 The South united in that one interest
 the maintenance of their peculiar
 institution,” have long ruled the land.
 Aided by the blindness of party preju
 dices, they nominate their own men to
 the first posts in the nation, certain that
 they can find a sufficient number that
 will prefer the aggrandisement of their
 party to any other consideration.—
 These men, actuated by the idea of
 choosing the better of two evils, or of
 defeating their political opponents,show
 that their love of party and their de
 feat in minor matters in politics, is of
 more importance to them than the com
 promise of their principles—of more
 importance than assisting and abbelting
 slavery, by placing its minions at the
 bead of our government. There is not
 the least doubt that an overwhelming
 majority stand convinced in their own
 hearts as to the justice of the abolition
 of slavery. Mar thejr be brought from
 under this old dominion and to act in
 dependently and pointedly towards the
 cause of immediate abolition.
 Our country is undoubtedly swaken
 ing fromt its lethargy. Let it awake'
 from its dumber*, arise and shake it
 its majesty, and with a consciousness 01
 *a power, aa&amp; the victory ie ure
 Already slavery tremWes Ux its eiwt
 ence, and its iwnn wn to and fro for
JOHN DICK. Pv slums*.
WHOLE NO. 6«.
help. W ell mmj they tremble; their
 days are numbered. Right ie ever
 1 powerful against might m all moral
 ,l conflicts.
 i As it regards the cause of peace,
 there is not much id this Republic to
 encourage us. The spirit of war runs
 through the land, and the thirst for
 military glory, and the high rewards
 held up for heroes in military proweaa,
 cause many to tremble for the safety of
 our free institutions. But in the lan
 guage of Longfellow;
 “I-ft tm thru be «p ami doing,
 j W ah a heart (or any late;
 Still achieving, still pursuing,
 l*earn to labor am) to wait*”
 Our little company are about eatah
 iishing interpretations as to our pledge,
 and hope soon to decide whether we
 t can consistently vote for military chief
 tains or slaveholders. Let us have
 your views on these important subjects,
 and how far the clause for the aboli
 tion of all restrictions upon interna
 tional correspondence and friendly in
 tercourse,” requires the maintenance
 of the principles of Free Trade. You
 can look with unprejudiced eyes on
 these subjects, and we would be glad
 to have a clear exposition of your
 views
 The question of Cheap Postage is
 being mooted in our land, and our gov
 ernment seems convinced of its utility,
 so that we soon expect farther reduc
 tions. Please send us a copy of your
 petition on the subject of Arbitration,
 and honor our letter with an early
 answer. In the assurance of love, we
 are your fellow Leaguers.
 On behalf of the Springport Branch
 League of Universal Brotherhood
 B. B. HOWLAND,
 Sec’y Corresponding Com.
THE OVERTHROW OF SLAVERY.
 It is argued hy some that Christianity
 will eventually overthrow and root out
 slavery from the United States. This
 may be true. But it is certain that sla
 very will never be rooted out by a
 Christianity which sanctions it, and
 which attempts to sustain it by the Bible.
 How is it possible that the professed
 Christians, who regard slavery as being
 in strict accordance with both the Old
 and New Testament, can believe they
 possess a Christianity which will over
 throw and root out a system which that
 very Christianity sanctions. Who be
 lieves that Christianity would ever have
 overthrown idolatry in the Roman em
 pire, if Christianity had tolerated and
 sanctioned idolatry* and attempted to
 prove from the scriptures that idolatry
 was right.
 There is no Christianity in the world
 that sanctions slavery, that will ever
 put it down. It is a contradiction in
 terms. We might as well say, fire will
 freeze you, or ice warm you. The senti
 ment possesses nothing of philosophy
 or sound reason, because it looks to a
 powerless cause for an important result.
 We do not say Christianity is powerless,
 but we say any sentiment, religion,
 morals, or any thing else, which exer
 cises all its powers in upholding and
 defending a sentiment, system, or prac
 tice, is not pulling it down, but propping
 and building it up.
 It is clear that if the Christian princi
 ple of the whole country should be
 simultaneously elevated so as to regard
 and acknowledge slaveholding a sin in
 the sight of God, such a Christianity
 would root out slavery. But it can nev
 er be overthrown either by laws or a
 religion that sanctions it. —Newburyport
 Christian Herald.
Illustration or Slavery. —The fol
 lowing i.s from the Baltimore Argus.
 It needs no comrpent:
 On the 18th of February a colored
 woman named Rebeca Garret was
 seized with her *ght children at the
 house in which she lived, in Salisbury
 st., near the Harford Run, and dragged
 from thence handcuffed and borne off.
 The woman is faid to have been free
 some seventeen yeaas, and a writ of
 hapeas corpus was obtained yesterday
 from the Baltimore County Court,
 directed to J. C. Donevan, the propri
 etor of a negro jail in Camden-st., and
 to J. C. Anderson, (the party alleged
 to be instrumental in causing the said
 Sarah Garret and her eight childreo to
 be seized,) to appear and show cause
 why they should not be dismissed from
 custody. Donevan yesterday appeared,
 and denied that they were then in his
 possession. The counsel for the peti
 tioners, Benjamin C. Brest man, and
 Cbariea H. Pitta, Esqs. in answer to
 this replied that they desimd time to
 summon witnesses for the purpose of
 showing that the petitioners were io bis
 custody at one time, and he should be
 made responsible for them. The Court
 gave the counsel till this morning, but
 the case had not come up at 1 o’clock,
 •&gt;n account of the pending of another
 case before the Court, upon which the
 counsel was then delivering the closing
 add res to the jury.
CHeaasuL Music.-r-The poet Car
 dian once asked his friend Haydn—
 How does it happen that your church
 music is always of so soimsfiog,
 cheerful, and even gay description
 To this, Haydn's answer was l can
 not make it otherwise. I write accord
 ing to the thoughts which I i w «**j
 I think upon God, my heart is so full
 Q 0 y that the notes dance and leap,
 as it were, fro® j.
 i has given me a cheerful heart, it
 will be easily forgiven ime that I serve
 h,m with s cheerful spirit.”
 Fes-wass.—Frank simplicity rather
 diminishes a man’s character for talent,
 as a straight road never see me so long
 as a crooked one.
A toe eg maa named Fiesmaa Ross had
 hit brain* blowa out by the asndseial dis
 charge of a gun at Pittsburgh oa the 16th last.
