P oetrp.
THE SPIRIT OF PROGRESSION.
 *t r. p-
 I'be gWmy *i|{lK break •■f*
 E’ea no*' the wbeaiw reel.
 With faint, ret cbewintf radiance,
 On the hill-top# of the Wert:
 The mint# are slowly rising
 From the valley ami the plain.
 And a apirit i# awaking,
 That shall never sleep again.
 And ye may bear, tint listea,
 Tne spun's sirring tong,
 surge* like the ocean.
 With its solemn Imm along'
 Ho! can ye stay the rirera,
 Or bind the wings of Light,
 Or bring back to tUe Morning
 The old departed Night!
 Nor shall ye check my impulse.
 Nor stay it for an hour,
 Until Earth’s groaning millions
 Hare felt the healing power!”
 I'his spirit it Progression,
 In the rigor of its youth—
 The foe man of Oppression,
 And its armor is the TItCTH.
 Old Error with its legions
 Must fall b neath i s wrath;
 Nor blood, nor tears, nor anguish,
 Will mark its brilliant path.
 But onward, upward, beaTeoward,
 Tlie spirit still will soar.
 Till Peace and Lore shall triumph,
 And Falsehood reign no more.
From the Tribune.
 THE POET’S DYING SOLILOQUY.
 b r MRS. S. SMITH.
 Whence is this cliangel—an icy ahirer
 Ran through my reins, as the light breete swept
 by;
 I hear the rushing of a mighty rirer,
 Whose rolling wares are speeding erer nigh;
 In yonder church-yard, like a spectral band.
 The fir-trees call me, waring with their hands,
 Beckoning my soul away!
 Ah! now they toss tlteir arms, and wildly beckon,
 With nodding lieads they daily call to me-
 I will i ot lieed them—though they call and beckon,
 I will shake oft’ this l.iraldotn, and be free!
 It was not thus when o’er yon wood-crowned heights
 With volant step I roamed from ra &gt;rn till night—
 Earth's secrets to explore!
 There 1 have heard unnumbered voices preaching,
 Of living harmonies, that round us roll—
 More plainly rendered by the spirit's teaching.
 In sileSl whispers to the listening soul!
 While brooks, and Dowers, and birds, and whis
 pering trees,
 In choral symphonies upon the breeze,
 Harmonious music made!
 Talk of death! the future lies Itefore me:
 I cannot die; my work is scarce begun!
 And yet, at times a strange numbness crecpeth o'er
 me.
 Oh, grant me life, thou High and Hfely one!
 Strength to unfold the glorious thoughts that glow
 Within my brain in one euphonious flow
 Of sweetly melting strains.
 With bleeding footprints every hindrance spurning,
 From my lone path toiling with brain and hand,
 Worn down at last with pain and weary yearnings;
 When near the topmost round of fame I stand—
 Oh! grant me strength to climb the dizzy steep,
 And claim my dower, e’er death’s oblivious sleep
 My weary eyelids close.
 To die ii\youth, when through my inmost being
 I fi-el immortal powers within me throng—
 While spirit voices in my ears are ringing
 Melodious strains and fragments of sweet song—
 When life, itself so dear, before me lies,
 With its high duties and its vast emprise
 Of noble deeds undone!
 ’Tis past the w ildering dream! Each tie is riven.
 A brighter home is mine beyond the stars!
 This clayey cell no longer will imprison
 Mv struggling soul within its bolts and bars.
 Farewell, loved Earth! On angel wings I soar
 To distant worlds, new mysteries to explore,
 While endless cycles run.
SPEAK GENTLY.
 Speak gently’ it is better far
 To rule by love than fear;
 Speak gently—let no harsh words mar
 The good we might do here'
 S|&gt;eak gently’ Love doth whisper low
 The love that true hearts hind;
 And gentle friendship’s accents flow;
 Affection’s voice is kind.
 Speak gently to the child!
 Its love he sure to gain;
 Teach it in accents Soft and mild;
 It may not lung remain.
 Speak gently to the young, for they
 Will have enough to he ir—
 Pass through life as best they may,
 Tis full of anxious care!
 Speak gently to the aged one,
 Grieve not die careworn heart;
 rhe sands of life are nearly run,
 Let such in peace depart!
 Speak gently, kindly, to the poor;
 Let no harsh tone be heard;
 i hey have enough they must endure,
 itliout an unkind word!
 Speak gently to the erring—know
 Tliey may have toiled in vain;
 Perchance unkin iness made diem so;
 O win them back again!
 Speak gently! lie wl o gave his life
 To bend man’s stubborn will,
 ta" elements were fierce with strife.
 Said to them, 44 Peace, lie still!”
 Speak ger.tly* ’tis&gt; a little thing
 l-bop|&gt;ed ui tile heart’s deep well;
 The good, the joy, which it may bring,
 Eternity shall tell.
 TRI E LOVE.
 True love is l&gt;ut an humble low-born tiling,
 And hath it* fuod served up earthenware;
 It is a thing to walk with, hand in hand,
 Through the everydayness of this workday worm

 A simple, fireside thing, whose quiet smile
 Oau warm earth’s poorest hovel to a bon*.
 Which, w-h&lt;-n onr autumn cotneth, as it must
 And life in die chill wind shivers Lure and leafless
 Shall still lie bl&lt; st with Indian summer youth
 In bleak November, and with thankful heart,
 Smile on its ample stores of garneied fruit.
 As full of sunshine to our aged eyes
 As when it nursed the blossoms of the spring.
 Such is true love, which steals into tbe lieart
 With feet as silent aa the lightsome dawn
 Tliat kisses smooth the rough brows of the daik,
 And bed) its will dirough blissful gentleness.
 HOPE EVER.
 Tlte night is mother of the day,
 The winter of the spring,
 And ever upon old decay
 l*hs gieeneat inosses cling.
 ll# hind die cloud the starlight lurks,
 Throngn showers the suniisums fell;
 Per God, who loveth all his works.
 Has left hit hope with all.
0 (lection s.
THE COUNTRY GENTLEMAN OF
 THE REVOLUTION.
A country gentleman who witnessed
 the revolution, was probably in the re
 ceipt of about the fourth part of the
 rent which his acres now yield to his
 posterity. He was, therefore, as com
 pared with his posterity, a poor man,
 and was generally under the necessity
 of residing, with little interruption, on
 his estate. To travel on the Continent,
 to maintain an establishment in Lon
 don, or even to visit London frequently,
 were pleasures in which only the great
 proprietors could indulge. It may be
 confidently affirmed that of the squires
 whose names were in King Charles's
 Commissions of peace of lieutenancy,
 not one in twelve went to town once in
 five years, or had ever in his life wan
 dered so far as Paris. Many lords of
 manors had received an education dif
 fering little from that of their menial
 servants. The heir of an estate often
 passed his boyhood and youth at the
 seat of his family, with no better tutors
 than grooms and gamekeepers, and
 scarce attained learning enough to sign
 his name to a mittimus. If he went to
 school and to college, he generally re
 turned before he was twenty to the
 seclusion of the old hall, and there, un
 less his mind were very happily consti
 tuted by nature, soon forgot his
 academical pursuits in rural business
 and pleasures. His chief serious em
 ployment was the care of his property.
 He examined samples of grain, handled
 pigs, and on market days made bargains
 over a tankard with drovers and hop
 merchants. His chief pleasures were
 commonly derived from field sports and
 from an unrefined sensuality. His lan
 guage and pronunciation w’ere such as
 we should now expect to hear only from
 the most ignorant clowns. His oaths,
 coarse jests, and scurrilous terms of
 abuse, were uttered with the broadest
 accent of his province. It was easy to
 discern, from the first words which he
 spoke, whether he came from Somer
 setshire or Yorkshire. He trouble i
 himself little about decorating his
 abode, and, if he attempted decoration,
 seldom produced anything but deformi
 ty. The litter of a farmyard gathered
 under the windows of his bedchamber,
 and the cabbages and gooseberry bushes
 grew close to his hall door. His table
 was loaded with coarse plenty; and
 guests were cordially welcome to it.
 But, as the habit of drinking to excess
 was general in the class to which he
 belonged, and, as bis fortune did not
 enable him to intoxicate large assem
 blies daily with claret or canary, strong
 beer was the ordinary beverage. The
 quantity of beer consumed in those days
 was indeed enormous. For beer then,
 was to the middle and lower classes,
 not only all that beer now is, but all that
 wine, tea, and ardent spirits now are.
 It was only at great houses, or on great
 occasions, that foreign drink was placed
 on the board. The ladies of the house,
 whose business it had commonly been
 to cook the repast, retired as soon
 the dishes had been devoured, and left
 the gentlemen to their ale and tobacco
 The coarse jollity of the afternoon was
 often prolonged till the revellers were
 laid under the table.—lt was very sel
 dom that the country gentleman caught
 glimpses of the great world; and what
 he saw of it tended rather to confuse
 than to enlighten his understanding.
 His opinions respecting religion, gov
 ernment, foreign countries, and formei
 times, having been derived, not from
 study, from observation, or from con
 versation with enlightened companions,
 but from such traditions as were cur
 rent in his own small circle, were the
 opinions of a child. He adhered to
 them, however, with the obstinacy
 which is generally found in ignorant
 men accustomed to be fed with flattery.
 His animosities were numerous and
 hitter. He hated Frenchmen and
 Italians, Scotchmen and Irishmen, Bap
 tists and Presbyterians, Independents
 and Baptists, Quakers and Jews. To
 wards London and Londoners lie felt
 an aversion which more than once pro
 duced important political effects. His
 wife and daughter were in tastes and
 acquirements below a housekeeper or a
 still-room inaid of the present day.
 They stitched and spun, brewed goose
 berry wine, cured marigolds, nnd made
 the crust for the venison pasty. From
 this description it might be supposed
 that the English esquire of the seven
 teenth century did not materially differ
 from a rustic miller or ale-house keeper
 of our time. There are, however, some
 important parts of his character still
 to he noted, which will greatly modify
 this estimate. Unlettered as he was and
 unpolished, he was still in some impor
 tant points of a gentleman. He was a
 member of a proud and powerful aris
 tocracy, and was d.stinguished by many
 both of good and of the bad qualities
 which belong to aristocrats. His fami
 ly pride was beyond that of a Talbot or
 a Howard. He knew the genealogies
 and coats of arms of all his neighbours,
 and could tell which of them had as
 sumed supporters without any r ght,
 and which of them were so unfortunate
 as to he great-grandsons of aldermen.
 He was a magistrate, and as such,
 administered gratuitously to those who
 dwelt around him a rude patriarchal
 justice, which, in spite of innumerable
 blunders and of occasional acts of ty
 ranny, was yet better than no justice at
 all. He was an officer of the train
 bands, and his military dignity, though
 it might move the mirth of gallants who
 had served a campaign in Flanders,
 raised his character in his own eyes
 and in the eyes of his neighbours. Nor
 indeed was his soldiership justly a sub
 ject of derision, Jn every county there
 were elderly gentlemen who had seen
 service which was no child’s plav. One
 had been knighted by Charles the First,
 after the battle of Edgehill; another
 still wore a patch over the scar which
 he had received at Nassby; a third had
 defended his old house till Fairfax had
 blown m the door with a petard. The
 presence of these old Cavaliers, with
 their old swords and holsters, and with
 their old stones about Goring and
 Lunsford, gave to the musters of mi
 litia an earnest and warlike aspect
 which would otherwise have been want
 ing. Even those country gentlemen
 who were tooyoung to have themselves
 exchanged blows with the cuirassiera
 of the parliament, had, from childhood,
been surrounded by the traces of recent
 war, tod fed with stories of the martial
 exploits of their fathers and uncles.
 Thus the character of the English
 esquire of the seventeenth century was
 compounded of two elements which we
 are not accustomed to find united. His
 ignorance -and uncouthness, his low
 tastes and gross phrases, would in our
 time, be considered as indicating a
 nature and a breeding thoroughly ple
 beian. Yet be was-essentially a patri
 cian, and had, in large measure, both
 the virtues and the vices which flourish
 anong men set from their birth in high
 places, and accustomed to authority, to
 observance, and to self-respect. It is
 not easy for a generation which is ac
 customed to find chivalrous sentiments
 only in company with liberal studies
 and polished manners to imagine to it
 self a man with, the deportment, the
 vocabulary, and the accent of a carter,
 yet punctilious on matters of genealogy
 and precedence, and yet ready to risk
 his life rather than see a stain cast on
 the honour of his house. It is only,
 however, by thus joining together
 things seldom or never found together
 in our own experience, that we can
 form a just idea of that rustic aristocra
 cy which constituted the main strength
 of the armies of Charles the First, and
 which long supported with strange fideli
 ty the interest of his descendants. The
 gross, uneducated, untravelled country
 gentleman was commonly a tory; but,
 though devotedly attached to hereditary
 monarchy, he had no partiality for
 courtiers and ministers. He thought,
 not without reason, that Whitehall was
 filled with the most corrupt of mankind;
 that of the great sums which the House
 of Commons had voted to the crown
 since the restoration, part had been
 embezzled by cunning politicians, and
 part squandered on buffoons and foreign
 courtezans. His stout English heart
 swelled with indignation at the thought
 that the government of his country
 should be subject to French dictation.
 Being himself, generally, an old cava
 lier, or the son of an old cavalier, he
 reflected with bitter resentment on the
 i ingratitude with which the Stuarts had j
 requited their best friends. Those who
 heard him grumble at the neglect with
 which he was treated, and at the pro
 fusion with which wealth was lavished
 on the bastards of Nell Gwynn and
 Madam Carwell, would have supposed
 1 him ripe for rebellion. But all this ill
 humour lasted only till the throne was
 really in danger. It was precisely when
 those whom the sovereign had loaded
 with wealth and honour shrank from his
 I side, that the country gentlemen, so
 I surly and mutinous in the season of his
 prosperity, rallied round him in a body.
 Thus, after murmuring twenty years at
 the misgovernment of Charles the Se
 cond, they came to his rescue in his
 extremity, when his own secretaries of
 state and lords of the treasury had de
 serted him, and enabled him to gain a
 complete victory ever the opposition,
 nor can there be any doubt that they
 would have shown equal loyalty to his
 brother James, if James would, even
 at the moment, have refrained from out
 lawing their strongest feeling. For
 there was one institution, and one only,
 which they prized even more than here
 ditary monarchy; and that institution
 was the Church of England. Their love
 of the church was not, indeed, the
 effect of study or meditation. Few
 among them could have given any rea
 son, drawn from scripture or ecclesias
 tical history, for adhering to her
 doctrines, her ritual, and her polity;
 nor were they, as a class, by any
 means strict observers of that code of
 morality which is common to all Chris
 tian sects. But the experience of many
 ages proves that men may be ready to
 fight to the death, and to persecute
 without pity, for a religion whose creed
 they do not understand, and whose pre
 cepts they habitually disobey.—Macau
 lay’s History of England.
[From the Hartford Republican.]
 LITTLE VIOLET.
 A TRUE STORY FOR LITTLE CHILDREN.
 I love stories now—l always loved
 them, and when a child, was constantly
 teasing some one, to tell me stories.
 Many an hour has my kind mother sat
 by my little couch, endeavoring by
 story-telling, to win me to sleep; but
 my little eyes only opened wider, and
 my heart bounded faster, as I listened
 to those ower true tales.” The story
 I am about to tell you, of little Violet,
 (darker perhaps, but as meek and hum
 ble, as the sweet violets in your gar
 dens) is so strongly impressed on my
 imagination, and fancy has so often
 pictured the scenes to my mind, that I
 almost feel as if I had myself witnessed
 them.
 A little more than sixty years since,
 there lived in a small town; not many
 miles from Hartford, a gentleman, who
 held several slaves in unrighteous bond
 age; one of them was little Violet,
 ten years old. My mother, and ano
 ther little girl who lived near, not
 having many playmates, thought much
 of the company of Violet in their sports,
 she w’as so kind to them and tried so
 much to amuse and please them, al
 though three years the oldest. It was but
 seldom she could be spared from work(
 —one day, however, each year, was
 given her for play, and very happy in
 deed were the three children, when
 general training” day came, and the
 old people all left them, to amuse them
 selves as they pleased. On one of those
 days, as they were playing beneath two
 shady trees near my grandfather’s
 dwelling, some meu came riding
 towards them—they hailed, exchanged
 a few words, and passed on. As soon
 as they were gone, poor Violet began
 to cry, and said, l)u hide me, those
 men will certainly steal me, Oh! do
 hide me. I shall be carried off and
 sold again”—and she cried, as if her
 heart would break. So my mother ran
 about, and finding an old empty chest,
 Violet was soon shut in, and the two
 children piled bedclothes on it. Un
 doubtedly she suffered for the want of
 air, but (he children, as Violet told
 them, ran out to play again, aod very
 soon the men came back, and asked
 where their black playmate was. They
 would not answer till the men threat
 ened to whip them, and so frightened
 them, that they went and showed where
 poor Violet was concealed. The inhu
 man monsters then took her out, and
 without heeding the cries of Violet, or
 the beseeching, weeping children,
fiutmcd bar on one of (be boraeo, and
 carried her off.
 After Marching lor bar a long time*
 her mater at last beard of her in the
 State of New York, bat as Connecticut
 was then a free state, he never went
 after her. When New York abolished
 slavery, she found her way back to
 Connecticut, where she married, and
 was living a few years since, not fer
 from the place where she was stolen.
 Poor little Violet! —what why suffer
 ings, thy toils, thy abuses have been,
 we know not; —but this we know, that
 thousands are daily enduring the same,
 in some parts of our beloved country.
 Oh! how thankful should we be, that
 this curse is gone from our midst, and
 should not we do all in our power, as
 we have opportunity, to prevent its far
 ther extension, and to exterminate it
 where it is?
MISTAKES OF THE RICH.
 [Translate*! from the French by the Home Journal.]
 The Egyptian King, who, swollen
 with his grandeur, ordered a colossal
 staircase built to his new palace, dis
 covered, to his chagrin, when it was
 completed, that he required a ladder to
 get from one step to the other. He had
 forgotten that a King’s legs, after all,
 were as short as a beggar’s. Aggran
 dize as we many, the limits of our
 senses checkus miserably at every mo
 ment. You call yourself proprietor!
 House and pictures outlive you, and
 after taking your will of them for a
 short time, you are carried out of your
 own door, feet foremost, never again
 to enter it. “Proppietor” you were,
 perhaps, of farms and castles, estates
 and mountains —but now you own no
 thing but a hole in the ground six feet
 by two!
 The artist who visits your gallery
 while you live and own it, enjoys it'
 more than you. You are rich enough
 to dine twenty-four times a day, but you
 must eat sparingly to enjoy even dining
 once. Your cellar is full of exquisite
 wines, but you can only drink one oottle
 yourself, and, to help you use your
 store, you are obliged to call around
 you friends, relatives, parasites—a little
 world who live upon yuur substance,
 and who, instead of gratitude, are like
 lier to make you a return in envy. You
 have thirty horses in your stable; you
 can mount but one—ride after but two
 or four.
 To be truly rich, one should have
 stomachs in proportion to the number
 of dinners he could afford, senses ex
 tended according to stock in bank,
 sextuple vigor and sensibility to con
 centrate and return all the love he
 could propitiate with gifts. At the close
 of his life, the richest man has hardly
 spent more upon his own enjoyment
 than the poor man. He has eaten tw ice
 a day, slept in a bed alone or with one
 wife, and the poor can do as much and
 the proprietor scarcely more.
 Rothschild is forced to content him
 self with the same sky as the poor
 newspaper writer, and the great banker
 cannot order a private sunset nor add
 one ray to the magnificence of the
 night. The same air swells all lungs,
 —The same kind of blood fills all
 veins. Each one posesses, really, only
 his own thoughts and his own senses.
 Soul and body—these are all the pro
 perty which a man completely owns.
 Jill that is valuable in this world is to
 be had for nothing. Genius, beauty,
 and love are not bought and sold.
 You may buy a rich bracelet, but not
 a well turned arin on which to wear it
 —a pearl necklace, but not a pearly
 throat with which it shall vie. The
 richest banker on earth would vainly
 offer his fortune to be able to write a
 verse like Byron. One comes into the
 w orld naked and goes out naked. The
 difference in the fineness of a bit of
 linen for a shroud is not much. Man
 is a handful of clay which turns rapidly
 back again to dust, and which is com
 pelled nightly to relapse into the noth
 ingness of sleep, to get strength to
 recommence life again on the morrow’.
 In this life, so partaken by annihila
 tion, what is there that is real? Is it
 our sleeping or our waking—our dream
 ing or our thought? Do we rise (to the
 more valuable life) when we go to bed,
 or go to bed when we arise?—No!—
 man is no proprietor! Or he owns but
 the breath as it traverses his lips, and
 the idea as it flits across his mind. And
 even the idea often belongs to another!
Power of Imagination. —An hon
 est New England farmer started, on a
 very cold day in winter, with his sled and
 oxen, into the forest, half a mile from
 home, for the purpose of chopping some
 wood. Having felled a tree, he drove
 his team along side, and commenced
 chopping it up. By an unlucky hit he
 brought the whole bit of the axe across
 his toot with a side long stroke. The
 immense gash so alarmed him as to
 deprive him of all strength. He fell,the
 warm blood filling his shoe.* With great
 difficulty he succeeded in rolling him
 self on to the sled, and started the oxen
 for home. As he reached the door he
 called eagerly for help. His terrified
 wife and daughter, with much effort
 lifted him into the house, as he was
 wholly unable to help himself, saying
 his foot was nearly severed from his leg.
 He was laid carefully on the bed, groan
 ing all the while very bitterly. His
 wife hastily prepared dressings, and re
 moved the shoe aod sock, expecting
 to see a desperate wound, when lo!
 the skin was not even broken. Before
 going out in the morning he w rapped
 his feet in rkd flannel, to protect them
 from the cold; the gash laid this open
 to view, and he thought it flesh and
 blood. His reason not correcting the
 mistake, all the pain and loss of power
 which attend a real wound, followed.
 Man often suffers more from imaginary
 evils than from real ones.
in xne Atlantic. Lieut.
 Maury cites numerous facts to prove
 the existence of a rock, very near the
 surface of the water, directly on the
 track to Europe. Capt. Walsh is al
 most positive that he saw it on his last
 fnps, and describes it as appearing
 about the size of the bull of a ship of
 500 tons. 1
There are loud comlpaints among
 the planters of Louisiana of the failure
 of the sugar cane.
Thi Bill Exempuog lioui Pleads wask»t
 in the Illinois House, on ths 3d u,st., by a
 vote of 35 to 34.
laptrtait ti rwien.
 TOE'S Pitnt WM CWtivator eod Wfc*On»
 1 PW. The Faruuag rfrbhcnra hereby
 fhet Letter* Patna hare beat takes oat by *be 3ut&gt;-
 •crifcer for his recent mat uaptuiimataxw tb*
 n-tmnsiiM ust sf Till iifV Mt t&lt;lll:
 as improvement so mat at toeutirely revofetioiur*
 the whole mtaei of faming, bv reducing the expeus*
 one-half or more. Wherever they have heaa mmar
 faced, they have net the decided apprubeuoa o*
 •met*, aa the following certificates from the iatel
 i*w« and practical formers urhore aaans arc
 ttacbed. abundantly show:
 CERTIFICATES.
 Thia may certify that are, the Subscriber*, have
 ■era and used the i’atent Wheel Cultivator, invented
 hr Nath aw Id*, of Shrßre. Orleans Co., Wear
 York, and believe it ta be, as a febor-enviog *a
 chine, oae of the greatest mprovemeata of the afe.
 By it, a farmer can put in from ten to fifteen acres
 more of wheat in a year, with the iue amoont of
 team tabor; he can afro sow it in much better order.
 By it also Canada thistles and other noxious weeds
 any be lotah, extirpated. Said machine Is so con
 structed that U can be regulated to go any depth, by
 means of screws on the upper part of the snachine,
 and thus either plow up the ground thoroughly, or
 only jnst brush the surface. Upon the whole, we
 think it decidedly the best machine ever invented for
 pulverising the ground nnd facilitating the labor of
 the Fanner, and as such we cheerfully recommend it
 to our brother farmers.
 James H. Medley, James Ide
 Enos Newman, John Stevens,
 John C. Wheeler, llartes Medley,
 Gardner Berrv, James P. Anderson,
 Shelby, Co., April 23, 1848.
 We, the undersigned, purchased one of Nathan
 Ide's Patent Cultivators last Fall, and found it
 i answer the ptnpose so well, that we have this Spring
 made purchase of another. We can with this Plow
 prepare with two horses, eight acres of land per day
 For wheat, and it is much better done than by the
 old plows; and the land pepared by this Cultivator
 will yield 5 bush, per acre more.
 ELI CHURCH.
 Riga, June, 1848. DENNIS CHURCH.
 After these testimonials, the Subscriber deems it
 unnecessary to enter into a long and elaborate des
 cription of the implement, with its various modes of
 operation. To be fully appreciated, it must be seen
 and used. No fanner who fully understands his
 interest will be without one, as it is an invaluable
 implement.
 NATHAN IDE, Patentee.
 Shelby, Orleans Co., N. Y., July 1848.
 IDE’S Patent Cultivator is manufactured by
 i LEVI WELLS, Buffalo Street, near the Ball’s
 Head, Rochester, N. Y., where firmer* are invited
 d amine for themselves.
ROCHESTER SHOE AND LEATHER
 JOBBING HOUSE.
 THE subscribers at No. 22 State street, take plea
 sure in announcing to the public that they nave
 completed arrangements by which they are enabled
 to oiler the most satisfactory inducements to all en
 gaged in the sale or manufacture of Boots and Shoes,
 to come to this market for a supply.
 They are also offering on the most favorable terms,
 a large s»ock of Sole and Upper Leather, Kip, Calf,
 and Morocco Skins, with a full assortment of Find
 ing, including Lasts, Pegs, &amp;c. Dealers will find it
 greatly to their interest to examine our stock before
 purchasing elsewhere.
 jy 10 SAGE PANCOST.
PRINTING PAPER AGENCY.
 WE are Agents for the Buffalo Paper Mills,
 where Paper of the best quality is made from
 pure spring water, very white and smooth. A sup
 ply of News and Book Paper kept constantly for
 sale by us, at Mill prices, in large or small lots.
 Any size and quality of Paper not on hand, fur
 nished at short notice.
 Printers and others will do well to call and exam
 ine the quality and price, at No. 6 Exchange st.
 FISHER Co.
 jy2l Booksellers and Publishers.
BRITISH PERIODICAL
 LITERATURE.
 SUBSCRIBE EARLY WHILE THE TERMS
 ARE LOW.
 REPUBLICATION OF
 The London Quarterly Review, The
 Edinburgh Review, The North Rnt
 ish Review, The Westminster Review,
 and Blackwood's Edinburgh Maga
 zine.
 HThe above Periodicals are reprinted in New York,
 immediately on their arrival bv the British steamers,
 in a beautiful clear type, on ffne white paper, and
 are faithful copies of the originals, Blackwood’s
 Magazine, being an exact fac-nnale of the Edinburgh
 edition.
 They embrace the views of the three great parties
 in England—Tory, Whig, and Radical. Black
 wood” and the London Quarterly” are Tory; the
 Edinburgh Review” Whig; and the Westmin
 ster Review” Radical. The North British Re
 view” is more of a religious character, having been
 originally edited by Dr. Chalmers, and now, since
 his death, l&gt;eing conducted by his son-in-law, Dr.
 Hanna, associated with Sir David Brewster. Its
 literary character is of the very highest order..
 PRICES FOR 1849, (ir SUBSCRIBED FOR early.)
 For any one of the four Reviews, $3 00 per annum.
 For any two do 5 00
 For any tluree do 7 00
 For all four of the Reviews, 8 00
 For Blackwood’s Magazine, 3 00
 For Blackwood and the 3 Reviews, 9 00
 For Blackwood the 4 Reviews, 10 00
 Payments to be made in all cases in advance.
 CLUBBING.
 Four copies of any or all the above works will b
 sent to one address on payment of the regular sub
 scription for three—the fourth copy being gratis.
 EARLY COPIES.
 A late arrangement w ith the British publishers of
 Blackwood’s Magazine secures to us early sheets of
 that work, by which we shall be able to plat* the
 entire number in the hands of subscribers before any
 portion of it can be reprinted in any of the American
 Journals. For this and other advantages secured to
 oar subscribers we pay so large a consideration, that:
 w e may be compelled to raise the price of the Maga-
 zine. Tlierefore we repeat subscribe early while
 the price is low.”
 Remittance* and communications should be always
 addressed, post-paid or franked, to the publishers,
 LEONARD SCOTT k CO.
 70 FultoQ street, New York.
THE GIRARD LIFE INSURANCE, AN
 NUITY AND TRUST COMPANY of Phila
 delphia. Chartered in 1836—Charter Perpetual;—
 Capital, 8300,000 —Benjomin W. Richards, Presi
 dent. Continue* to make insurance on fives, grant
 annuities and endowment*, am) accept trust* from in
 dividual*, corporate bodies, and courts of justice,
 and execute them agreeably to the desire of the par
 ties, and receive dcjiosit* of money in trust or on
 interest.
 The Company add a bona* at stated periods to
 the in*uranee for life, ami on the 20th of January
 la*t, nn addition was mad to all the policies for life,
 remaining in force and issued prior to January Ist,
 1842. amounting to 10 per cent, on the sum insured
 in policies issued in 1837 7) per cent, on policies
 issued in 1838, and in rateable proportions according
 to their respective dates.
 The chief object of an insurance for life ia to pro
 vide a sum of money at the death of the party insur
 ed, for the benefit of a widow, children, friends or
 creditors; and it will be seen on examination of the
 table of rates of the life insurance, which will be
 furnished by the subscriber to all who awy feel aa
 interest in ibe subject, that by paying a small sum to
 the office every rear during his life, a person may se
 cure to his family a very considerable amount at his
 decease.
 Wherever the system of Life Insurance is pwpqij
 understood, it is extensively adopted, nod its great
 advantages to all, but more especially to thane who
 depend cm their own exertions for the support of their
 families, or who may be desirious to secure the pay
 ment of a sum of money to their friends, creditors or
 chiklrra, at their decease, which they might be oth
 erwise tumble to aceonplish, that the operation of the
 system needs but to be explained to enaura the serv
 uus consideration of the public.
 In several instances it has happened that the party
 insured has died shurtlv after having paid only oae
 or two instalment* of the premium, when hi* tamily
 have received from this ofits the full amount for
 which be had insured.
 Full informal-on on this important subject may be
 obtained by applying, pemeaaily or Ire letter (poet
 paid) at the offce of the snbacriher, tea —tririmiil
 agent of the Girard Life Insurance Company.
 WILLIAM BAKEWELL,
 Bake well’s Law BuiMiags,
 Grant street, Pittsburgh.
WM. 11. TOPP, Merchant Tailor, Ml Brand
 way. Also an extensive amidmost ofCmrata.
 Stocks, Hosiery, Gfoves, fee
 Albany ,v|’eb. 11,1848.
PROSPECTUS
 iaerku PkrtMtogkal Jtirul.
 O. FOWLER, editor.
 TO tthru and peneci om selvas aad our race, is
 1 the Mat rsahed of all works. Yet, to do this wv
 mm uadarstaud the Human Ca—litwtWw. This
 Phnuhwy. Physiology aad Vital Mafsttpa em
 brace, and sene* expound all the laws of our being,
 eaadkiaaa of happiness, sad iniulitatr the philoso
 pher's stone of l niversal Truth.
 PHRENOLOGY
 Each Masher will eoutaiu either the analysis and 4
 location of some phrenological freaky, iHnsUntsd by
 an Engraving, or aa arucai aa their eombinatiods:
 aad afro the organisation and character of some dis
 tinguished pemoewfe, accoagwnsed by a hkeneus.
 PHYSIOLOGY
 Health I- Life, The great instrument of talent vir
 tee aad happiness, all of which it augment*. To it* 1
 preservation aad restoration, special attention u ill be
 given.
 MAGNETISM.
 With practial instruction, interesting frets, and j
 choice truths which it enfolds, will be prevented ia
 this Journal.
 YOUNG MEN.
 The blessings they enjoy, the in Horace they can
 wield, aad their preparation for conducting our insti
 tutions, will form the theme of a scries of articles.
 SELF-IMPROVEMENT.
 Who does not long earnestly, and would not strive
 asaidnoMly, to cultivate his' natural powers, ami
 render himsell better and more happy 1 To such,
 each number will he a prompter and text-book.
 TERMS—invariably in advance—ON E DOLL
 AR A YEAR
 SAMPLE NUMBERS of this Journal will lie
 sent GRATIS, when desired.
 To receive attention, letters and orders must be
 POST-PAID, and directed to
 FOWLER k WELLS.
 X.» ISI Nassau St.,New York
WILLIAM B. LOGAN, Dealer in Fashionable
 It Boots and Shoes, 80, Purchase Street, New
 Bedford.
 W. B. L. keeps constantly on band a good assort
 mint, and will sell cheap for cash. Strict attention
 paid to custom-made work, by Messrs. Parker and
 Davis
NOKTHAMPTONJVATER CURE.
 Electricity and Hydropathy.
 f I'HE public are respectfully informed, that since
 A the philosophical deductions of the learned Dr.
 Means, of Emory College, Gn., and the] scientific
 experiments of Mr. Hemmcr of England,* have
 recently and indubitably established tlie fact, that
 the conclusions at which tlie undersigned arrived by
 the sense of touch, in 1844, are in harmony with
 natural and physiological laws—to wit, that the
 human body, in a iiealthy condition, is in a portfire
 tltctncal state, and that the electrical emanations
 from the cuticufrr surface, indicate health, or the
 symptoms aad character of disease—tlie re is some
 reason to hope, that certain physicians, ignorant oi
 these principles or natural laws, a knowledge ot
 which is essential to the safe ami intelligent practice
 of the healing art, will cease their vociferations
 against the rosiTiv* electrical state of tlie
 human body, and will hesitate to dissuade those
 whom they have failed to relieve of tlieir complaints,
 from seeking nature's remedy at the Northamp
 tor Water Cure. Thus sustained by the light
 of science, the undersigned may be permitted here
 to repeat his experience, that, in all cases where th»
 wrist, stomach, or lungs, are in the electro-negative
 condition, the patient is beyond the power of watei
 to afford relief. On tlie other liand, wlien the parts
 of the body alluded to, are in tlie electro-positive
 state, however disarranged, tliere is ground to hope
 for a cure.
 Had not the results of past years’ practice
 already convinced tlie public of tlie safety or truth
 fulness of the principles by w hich the undersigned is
 governed, in detecting the symptoms and character
 of disease, and practising tlie cure, die recent scien
 tific demonstration of their correctness, by Professor
 Means and Mr. Hemrner, could not fail to convincr
 the most incredulous.
 Gratefully appreciating die credit so generously
 awarded for his success as a Hydropathic Practi
 tioner, by a discerning public, and die gratitude
 evinced by tliose whom he has had the pleasure to
 relieve of their complaints, the undersigned will
 assiduously cmieavor to sustain the credit, and merit
 that gratitude, in die case of every invalid who may
 afford him an opportunity to effect a cure, by his
 original and philosophical method of practice.
 The Northampton Water Cure is pleasantly situ
 ated near Bensonville, on the we.n Iwnk of Licking
 Water, or Mill River, about two and a half miles
 from die centre of the town. It is conveniently
 arranged, with separate parlors, bathing and dress
 ing-rooms, for Ladies and Gentlemen, well ventil
 ated and conveniently furnished lodging rooms, and
 a variety of laidis, supplied with water, which, for
 abundance, purify, and adaptedness to water-cure
 purposes, is unsurpassed by that of any other esta
 blishment in this country. The scenery in this
 vicinity is picture sqne and romantic There are a
 variety of pleasant walks, sufficiently retired, to
 allow water-cure patients to appear as they should,
 Elainly dressed, enjoying tlieir rambles without
 ring exposed to public gaze or observation
 Among the complaints which are In-re successfully
 treated, are headache, tendency of blood to the head,
 cold extremities, general and nervous debility, bron
 chitis, pulmonary affection, liver complaint, jaun
 dice, acute or chronic inflammation of the bowels,
 piles, dyspepsia, general debility, nervous and spinal
 affections, inflammatory and chronic rheumatism,
 neuralgia, sciatica, lame linihs, paralysis, fevers, salt
 rheum, scrofulous and erysipelas humors.
 All patients win* visit this establishment for a
 course of treatment, shoukl furnish tlieinselves with
 three comfortables, three woollen blankets, one or
 two linen and three cotton slieets, two pillow cases,
 six or eight crash towels, some well worn linen, to
 cut for fomentations, an old cloak or mantle, an um
 brella, and a pair of slippers.
 Terms for treatment and board are §5 50 to
 88 80 per week, payable weekly—washing extra.
 A patient who from choice or (lie character of his
 complaint, occupies a room alone on the third floor,
 will pay 88 00 per week—on tlie first and second
 floori, 88 50 per week. Patients requiring extra
 attention or fire in tlieir rooms, (except for swath
 ing purposes,) w ill furnish tlieir ow n nurses and fuel,
 or pay an extra price.
 D. KUGGLES.
 Northampton, March 1848.
 N.B. Visitors to the Establishment, from tlie
 east, west, or south, can take tlie cars of the Conn.
 River Railroad at Springfield. Carriages will
 always be in readiness at the Northampton depot, to
 convey them hither.
 The human hfood, in a normal and healthy con
 dition of tlie human system, is in a positive state,
 which is constantly maintained by the activity of tlie
 geaerating sources within—an .excess generally pass
 ing off in silence from the cuticular surface, so mat
 out of 336 experiments made by Mr. Hemrner of
 England,upon tlie uncovered skin,” 322 indicated
 the presence of positive electricity. This surplusage
 of li* fluid upon the surface, we believe to lie indis
 pen* a Lie to the healthful condition of the wiioie
 animal economy, and that when, from any cause, is
 ee diminished or ceases, diseased action ensues.”!
 Geoaddress, delivered before the Medical College of'
 isSrgia, at the opening of its annual session, Nov. i
 8, 1817, by A. Means, A.M., M.D., Professor of
 Chemistry and Pharmacy, and Professor of Physical
 Science in Emory College, Ga., /mg e 25
ATH6L WATER CTIE.
 THE Subscriber begs leave to call tie attention
 of Invalids, especially those suffer tag from
 chronic disease, to hi* hy dropathic establishment ia
 Athol. Mass.
 His house was opened for the reception of patient#
 last season, and it i* believed offers excellent facili
 ties (or a philosophic and thorough course in hydro
 pothy. The supply of water is afiuadaut, and j n
 pnr’fy ha* been pronounced equal to water oo a
 distilled." T he location is cpiite eligible, being but
 a short distance from the V. k M. railroad. The
 vicinity abounds in a variety of scenery, and la*
 charming grounds for walks and rsobltt. So that
 with the water, suitable regimen, mountain air, aad
 exercise, patients can scarcely fail to obtain the
 healthful result* for which they'lahor.
 The follow ing case illustrates this reoark. Mrs.
 8., Wife of Dea. 8., of Warwick, Mass., aged
 about thirty-five years, was brought to me fr*t
 August. Her case presented the following pheno
 mena. If placed ia aa erect position, aad left ua
 supported, she forthwith fell backward to the
 ground. If being well supported, she made aa
 effort to walk, either foot, when carried forward,
 deapita her efforta ta the contrary, would erase the
 other. She hod been in this condition aearly a
 year. Her treaanent commenced the 16th of Sept.,
 and was rims mas d to tb* tfftb Oet. only, when she
 left, so frr recovered aa to he able to walk half a
 mile with ease. Since her return to her family, she
 has coutinaerl lm baths, with corresponding im
 provement to her health. She now attends to her
 dosaestic duties, aad with the assistance ef a small
 girl, doss the work ef her feauly.
 Patieau are denned to bring'three rnmfin tallies,
 nee pair of woollen blanket*, one pair of sheets
 half a doaen towels marked, with old li«f* tor
 bondage*.
 Terms, from Ive u&gt; ten dollars per week, accost),
 lag to the necessities or choice of the patients
 Thaaa who are feus ptirafrr ia the
 nxxrt, or are willing to occupy them in
 with othres, will be^charged fro*.
 Athefe March. 1848. GRORGS HOYT.
_ POffiRTT:
 ITS ILLEGAL CAUSES AND LEGAL
 CURE.
 »T LYSAJtPt* CROOKS*.
 TW Patriot calls it—** A neat paasphlrt o
 ™ssrs
 Quid be realised by the fall adoption of hn theory,
 "T* ‘••V lo but heartily com
 ■rad his endeavor to the notice of aM who fora a
 tranepwent forcible diction—Mtrraid mdepewfenre—
 original thought—uad entire freedom from the rant
 of sect or party. Asa jndk-ial writer, he has a depth,
 a compass, far beyond any one whose productions
 have act our eve hi a frag time.”
 Hunt’s Merchant’s Magazine suvs—“ It almonds
 in bold and original thoughts. TWa illegal causes of
 poverty are stated, and a number of important propo
 sitions bearing on the sufgecl hid down; arx!,on the
 whole, we consider it a work well worth studying—
 affording aa it does many valuable hints to the states
 man and political economist.”
 The Bangor Gaaettesay*—« An able and certs in
 fy original work, from the pen of Lyaander Spooner,
 Esq.—author of that powerful book which lemon
 strates the anconstitwtionnlitv of American Slavery
 There ia no writer of the age,of logical acumen more
 searching than Spooner.,* This new work is des
 tined to lead to a re examination of all former sys
 tem* of political economy At first blush his ee,,.
 nomical propositions strike us as sustainable—ami it
 they are so, his work will prevail, and produce an
 important revolution in the present prevailing re
 tain.
 4 Every one should read it.”
 BELA MARBII, Publisher, Boston.
 Part I. Price 25 Cents.
 Mari’s legriablr Extract
 Is the only remedy that ran lie relied on f„r tl e
 permanent cure of Spasmodic Contractions, Irrita
 tion of the Nerves, Nervous or Bick Headache
 Nervous Tremors, Neuralgic Affections, Getera
 Debility, Deficiency of Nervous ami Physical Fner
 gy, and all Nervous Disorders, including the most
 dreadful of all diseases that affect tlie human race—
 Fpilrptf, or Falling Ssckrtss.— Hvsteiieal Fits,
 Convulsions, Spanois. Ac It is weft known, Unit
 bom time immemorial. Physicians have pronounced
 Epileptic Fits incurable. It has buffled all tlieir
 skill, and the boasted power of all medicine, and
 consequently thousaixis nave strffeied through a mis
 erable existence, amf at last yielded ap tlieir lives on
 the Altar of Insanity. —The proprietor of the Veget
 able Extract, however, feels no delicacy in saying
 that it can be cured. He would, therefore, respect
 fully invite physicians, and all others who are inter
 ested, to examine the testimony which is here offered.
 If it is deception, let i: be exposed but if it i*
 true, then in die name of humanity, no longer let it
 be said that Epile; sy la incurable'
 Heart'* Vegetable Extract. —For sixteen years,
 has been tested by many persons who liave suffered
 with this dreadful disaase, and in every case ulieie
 it has had a fair trial, has effected a permanent
 cure.
 Col. Densiow of Y onkers, New Y'ork, states that
 his daughter has been afflicted with Fits for more
 titan nine years, and has been cured by the use of
 the Vegetable Extract.
 Mrs. J. Bradey, 115 Orchard street, New Y’ork,
 states that she has been subject to Fits for many
 years, and lias been restored to perfect liealth (after
 every otlier means had tailed) by die use of die
 Y'egetable Extract.
 Dr. Charles A. Brown, of Dover, Russell co.,
 Alabama, who is one of the l&gt;est Physicians in the
 State, says that he lias been much fx-nefitted by the
 use of die Vegetable Extract, and that he unhesitat
 ingly prescribes it in every case of Epilepsy which
 conies under his know ledge.
 Curtis G. Mayberry, Esq., formerly Postmaster
 at Lime Mills, Crawford Co., Pa., now living in
 Erie Co., Pa., states that for many past lie
 has been sorely afflicted with Fits, and lie is now
 happy to state that a persevering use of l)r. Hart’s
 Vegetable Extract, lias restored him to sound lealili,
 being entirely freed from that worst of all diseases.’
 Judge Randall, N. 136 llemy stieet, New Y ork,
 having used the Vegetable Extract successfully in
 his family, highly iecoinmends it to all persons who
 are afflicted with Fits.
 M. Stfphen E. Pratt, corner of Sixth Averne
 and Twenty-Sixth stieet, New Y'ork, state* that
 Mr. Chas, 11. Boughton, a member of bis family lias
 been so severely afflicted w ith Epileptic Fit* lor
 many years, that lie was obliged to relinquii.li hi*
 business. Having used Dr. Hart's Vegetable Ex
 tract (says Mr. Pratt,) he was soon restored to
 perfect health, ,-fnd left this city lor tlie State oi
 Ohio to resume his business.
 Rev. Mr. Smith, Rector of St. Peters Cliurcn,
 Spotsuood, New Jersey, wiio has been afflicted
 with Epileptic Fits for more than forty years, states
 that he has used Dr. Hart’s Vegetable Extract, arid
 Ids health has been so intirh improved that lie hopes
 by Divine blessing, to have no more Fits.
 Ejnlfptic Fax. —For twenty-seven year* and six
 months, cured by the use of this truly wonderful
 medicine.
 Read the following remarkable case of the son of
 Win. Secore, Esq, of Philadelphia, afflicted with
 Epileptic Fits twenty-seven yean and six months
 After travelling through England, Scotland, Ger
 many and France, consulting the most eminent
 physicians, and expending for medicine, medical
 treatment and advice three thousand dollars, returned
 with his son to this country in November last., uiili.
 out receiving any benefit whatever, and was cured
 by using Hart's Vegetable Extract.— l have spent
 over three thousand dollars for medicine and merlir.d
 attendance. 1 was advised to take a lour to Eu
 rope with him which I did. I first visited England,
 I consulted the most eminent physicians there in
 respect to his rase; they examined him and prescri
 bed accordingly. I remained there three monil*
 without perceiving any change for the Ix-ttcr, which
 cost me about two hundred and fifty dollars, porJ.
 eted by the physicians, and the most that I received
 was tlieir opinion that my son’s case was Inn eless
 and POSITIVELY INCURABLE. I accordingly
 left England travelled through Scotland, Germany
 and Prance, and returned home i n the month nl
 November last, with my son as far from being cured
 as w hen 1 felt, I saw your advertisement in one f
 the New York papers, and concluded to tiy Hart’*
 Vegetable Extract, seeing your statements and
 certificates of so many cures, some of twenty ai d
 thirty years standing, and I can assure you 1 am not
 sorry I did so, as by tlie use of Hart’s Vegetable
 Extract alone he was restored to PERFECT
 HEALTH. His reason, which was so far gone as to
 unfit him for business is entirely restored, with the
 prospect now before him of Ide, health and useful
 ness. He is now 28 years of age, and 27 yeats 6
 months of this time has been afflicted with tins
 most dreadful of diseases, but thank God is now
 enjoying good health.
 Now, sir, faith without works I don’t believe
 in. To say I shall be ever grateful to you is one
 tiling, and as I here enclose yon one hundred dol.ar*,
 I have no doubt lot you will think this another and
 quite a different thing. 1 tie debt of gratiturle I still
 owe you; but please accept this amount as interest
 on the debt in advance.
 Yours, very respectfully,
 (signed) WILLIAM SECORE.
 TESTIMONY UPON TESTIMONY.
 In reference to the almost miraculous efficacy &lt;&gt;i
 tins truly wonderful medicine, read tlx; following
 fetter from Dr. W. L. Monroe, of Guilford, Ohio,
 one of the most eminent physicians in dial place:
 Guilford, Ohio, August 17, 1*46.
 Brotlx-r laborer in the cause of humanity—Dear
 sir: It re with no small degree of that I
 am enabled to announce to you the complete iiiuu,| h
 of your invaluable medicine'in cases of Epilepsy. 1
 have presented it in four instances in thi* vicinity,
 and it has been highly successful in all. Three o
 tlie patient*, 1 uu*t, have been radically cured.
 The fourth one is rapidly improving, and will, 1
 think without doubt recover. 1 am not in the habit
 of prescribing or recommending patent medicine*,
 but when I see an article winch promise* *o uiwu
 foe the relief of suffering humanity, 1 feel my due*
 to recommend it, and 1 have no heeitaiiin in say
 ing that a« soon as the faculty are fully ac.{uamt,'d
 with the real merit of your medicine, they will
 dose their eye* against prejudice and lead you
 helping hand.
 I subeeribe mvself yours, sincerely,
 (Signed) W. L. MONROE, M. D
 To Dr. 8. Hart, New York.
 THE TIME IS NOT EAR DISTANT
 W hen thousand* who are now trembling wrier
 the hand of this i.readful disease, and fenring ilut
 every attack may prove fetal, w.U find nermmtat
 relief and be restored to new life, by Zuz .U
 celebrated medicine.
 OVER ONE THOUSAND CERTIFICATES
 Have been received in testimony of the Benefit:*!
 the we of Dr. Hart’s Vegeta
 WP Prepared by g HART, M. D., New Yerk.
 Price, one package ©3 UU
 Do four packages 10 Ml
 l ‘**P«ha|*e 00
 ■9TIt m raretaffy pocked up ia boxrl for Irani
 portnlfe*. aad send In am rwrt of the t inted
 Mexico, aad West loon*.
 THOMAS It MILS, m Mam Street, Cia
 «ranu, Ohio, General Agent* for the I’n.trd
 Stales, to whom all cummuuK-anona axial be ad
 dress*d Post Paid.
 A- B It D. Hands Corner of Fulton ami Williaj. Bi.
 New York.
 S’ Main k St. Paul* Rochester,
 L. HoHidge, 217 Main street Buffalo,
 H. It E. Gaylord, Agents for (Trvefrod Otnu.
 A Kilibonrac, Cnfrsabui,
 J. G It G, H Hill, Detroit, Michigan,
 Wat. Gunning ham, Millwaukic W re.
 J. R Rand, aad Co., Chicago HI.
 Doct. T. Mason, Duluajue lowa.
 H. Bfeduley, and Co., St. Lout* Mo.
 And for Safe by mm of the principal Dr£)t«u,
 thrnugfiont the United Stale*.
 THOMAS It MILLS, Iff* Main atrsat.
 Sap.tt.-ly CiMilMteli.Uhin,
