Communications.
Letter from fierrit Smith.
 Frederick DorGLaes, My Dear Sir I
 have a«t read the last North Star. I thank
 von for the eoirection of last week. That let
 ter nn now !»o understood. I thank you,
 a!«o. for your comments on the add res*, which
 1 reined last .Tunc, to the National Conven
 tion f the Liberty Party, at Buffalo. 'fliese
 comm-nts are rich in thought and feeling.
 Valuable, however, as they are. 1 must object
 to them, that for the mo-t part, they are not
 pertinent to the questidn in controversy between
 u-. Tuat question is, \rh'ih&gt;r th* Federal fhn
 ttifufion pro-slavery or anti-slavery.
 You occupy much of votir space, in oppos
 ing the doctrines of the Address, that Gov
 ernment must, whether with or against the
 Constitution, alsdish slavery. But this doc
 trine. if right or wrong, does not touch the
 question between us. That question 1 ain pre
 pared ti discuss with you. as soon as you may
 have retracted the admission made a fortnight
 since, in the North Star, ‘‘that the Constitu*
 tion of the I’nited States, standing alone, and j
 construed onlv in the light of its letter is not a
 pro-slavery instrument."* I ntil this and your
 similar admiss.ons arc retracted, you will be
 on mv side ol the question, and therefore, in
 no attitude to discuss it with me. If the
 Constitution is incapable of being construed
 according to its letter, there is, of course, lib- J
 ertv to go outside of it for help to construe it. j
 But you admit, that it is capable of being in
 terpreted in the light of its letter and I aj&gt;-
 peal to ail, who are acquainted with the rules
 which govern the interpretation of such papers
 whether 1 am not right in saying, that if the
 Constitution be capable of being interpreted
 in the light of its letter, it is utterly contrary
 f|
 to such rules to attempt to interpret it i:i any j
 other light, o; bv any other helps.
 Now, if you will take the position, and de-
 lend it bv argument, that the Constitution is,
 in its letter, pro-slavery, 1 will reply to you.
 Or, if you will take the position, and defend
 it by argument, that the Constitution is not
 self interpreting, ami is seen in the light of
 history, to !»c pro-slavery, I will reply to you
 Moreover, 1 will, in either case endeavor to
 show: Ist, that the ('(institution calls for no
 surrender of slaves, and for no aid whatever
 t&lt;/ si ivery and 2nd, that it gives power to the 1
 Federal Government, or Federal Judiciary, if 1
 not indeed to both, to abolish every -part of A-
 meriean slavery.
 Permit me to say in closing, that the part 1
 of the Address, which you suppose argues
 ‘‘disdain'' ol the Cot stitulion, and want
 of “deference'' lor it, and distrust of its 1
 friendliness tu the “slaves’ redemption,'’ has 1
 no such meaning in my eye, and was not in- 1
 tended to he susceptible of such meaning. On 1
 the contrary, I look upon the constitution to
 he anti-slavery from its surface to itscore: and
 I insist, that there would not be one just and 1
 intelligent mind 1 ft to give it a pro-slavery 1
 interpretation, were it not that the African 1
 race, ali dpless and despised race. Even J 1
 I t (h rek Douglass himself, much as he loves c
 his race, would not he found joining in such 1
 interpretation, did it hear against another than jl
 his own race. j e
 1 aui, my dear Sir, with great regard, j l
 •GKHKIT SMITH. 1
 PnrtßßOKo, March 30th, IHIG. c
13; ftalg, March *29, 1849.
 Mkssrs. Editors: —ln perusing your pa
 p r of the -JIM insl., 1 find, over tin: signafttre
 of M. U. 1).,” (one of the editors,) an
 article headed Domestic Economy,” which,
 in rnv opinion, will admit of come correction,
 and witli all due deference to the writer, 1
 may be allowed to examine the validity of his
 reasonings.
 And allow me first to remark, that while 1
 gratefully appreciate the zeal and ardor which
 have ever characteiized the efiorts of this aide
 champion of liberty, and while I hail his
 labors as ominous of much good, and the har
 binger of better days, I still, in justice to that
 divine command which he has seen fit to
 choose as the basis of his argument, must and
 ever .-hail, under my present convictions, dif
 fer materially with him.
 The divine command in question is this
 Seek ye first the Kngdom of Heaven and
 its righteousness, and all things shall be
 added.”
 The writer, in descantino upon this pas
 sage, says, or would infer, that the Christian
 Church had fallen into a great great error in
 believing and promulgating the doctrine that
 tie- injunction had reference to the daily avo
 cations ot men, but would have us believe
 that it was given merely as a command to
 those whom be b id called to be his immediate
 disciples in the days of his incarnation—such
 as Andrew, Peter, and James, whom he de
 scribes as iubcrmeii, .supplying the various
 markets in that region of country; hence, we
 are to believe that the only persons invited to
 an interest in the Kingdom of Heaven are
 those few favored fishermen.
 The presumption is just as strong m thus
 light, as m the light which our friend would
 have you view the passage under considera
 tion. JJut he assert-, as a reason why this
 command was exclusively to the fishermen,
 that they were engaged in their business
 pur-mis, earning forth nisei ves a livelihood.”
 Hence, tins command was made as an in
 ducement through the agency of which thev
 in,glit he brought into fields of more useful
 employin m*.
 Aou that tins kin of reasoning was pe
 cmiariv adapted to tin in, may hetiue; but
 ih it u i- not alike applicable to us, we cannot
 not tor w. fu,d ll( a luw clinging more
 lenacmu-ly, and adhering more strongly, to
 tin. a Ul&lt; d luaxitus of the world, and
 l"‘ r u tr *ycnv their business voca
 &gt;:i-, than what ve d.d lie days 0 f hfc
 apooti s—tiie.r i 1( i...,
 i.4\. hcrome more
 u:iid"ii‘ and ihe.r oiidor n.. m
 u.i iiti. vvi,i more prone
 loev.l, linn what w a&gt;,, fI More known.
 U c find the tjicrchatit, the iin-chanic, and
 ine firmer, each string t„ hjm#e|f
 without cu-r once thinking „f iU
 ‘‘"■cat Jh in factor, from whom all bk a »m {f
 tom- and Jesus, knowing what would I*
 tin stall and condition of tfic woild, and de
 r.ng tfiat every man should become an in
 i’ iitor nl eternal life, Jell upon record this
 command,” lo warn them against the
 &gt;-i t-r of allowing tin ii minds to become so
 Mo engrossed witfi the cares of the
 "rid, as to neglect to seek the salvation of
 t .tor tools And it is as reasonable for us to
 Mpposu that C'hmt, wheu he commissioned j
his disciples to preset) the gospel, bad refer
 ence to only those whom be vrts then sd
 -1 dressing, snd that when they were to die, the
 preaching of the gospel was to cease, just
 as much so as it is reasonable to suppose that
 in addressing this language, be had reference
 only to the fishermen, sod we must admit, if
 we believe I)i»ine reTe Ist ion. however much
 it may be at variance with our feelings, that
 this injunction is alike applicable to all, for
 God is no respecter of persons, and he desires
 not to enjoin duties upoo one that Ik! will not
 also require of another.
 But there are many points in the argument
 j which I wonder at. Referring to our hav
 ing embraced this faith, he says that we
 labor under a most eggregious and shame
 i ful error and he accounts for it as being
 the result of oppression, evidently endeavor
 ing to impress upon our minds that this doc
 trine of seeking the Kingdom of Heaven is
 nothing more than a wild imagination, brought
 into being through ignorance, and fostered by
 the hand of slavery. Our friend M. R. D.
 must certainly be in an error (if I under
 stand him) in this matter. If his argument is
 tenable, (as he undoubtedly has the ability,)
 I hope That he will define and simplify his
 position, and I stand ready to be corrected.
 Yours for Justice,
 GEORGE WEIR, Jr.
Prejudice against Color.
 Frederick Douglass. —You may not be
 aware that the Freemen of this City have for
 manny years been in the habit holding a Tii
 ennial Procession in celebration of the organ
 ization of their Department. Once it was not
 unusual’to have the choice music of the Col
 ored Bands indiscriminately mixed with the
 White Bands in their parades, but of late
 years prejudice has succeeded in excluding the
 former from them altogether. Little less than
 two years ago, however, the Sons of Temp,
 having a procession, one of their Divisions es
 sayed to show their appreciation of good mu
 sid, and brave popular prejudice by the en
 gagement of Johnson’s far-famed Band. Their
 courage, I am sorry to say, was not adequate
 to the emergency, for upon gaining the line,
 the threat of the entire White Bands to with
 draw, if the latter were permitted to remain,
 caused their immediate discharge; and thus
 did prejudice complete its triumph But one
 of the Sections of the Cadets of Temperance,
 the Morning Star, I believe, determining to
 have them, offered them an engagement;
 but the Band, remembering their late treat
 ment, declined it unless the Section would
 agree to preserve the engagement however
 averse their qpponents might be to their re
 tention. They did so, and in a manner the
 more honorable because they also shared the
 exclusion w ith them. This Section, followed
 the procession in the rear, at a snfficient dis
 tance to make the cause obvious. The gen
 eral attention which thisjdrew, caused many
 in the ranks to feel ashamed of such proscrip
 tion, and overtures were made to the Section
 to take their proper place in the line, hut be
 ing once excluded, they perepmptorily de
 clined. Shortly after this occurrence, one of
 the Fire Companies in review of the Triennial
 parade of this month, having the courage to
 employ whom they would, secured at once on
 terms of perfect understanding, the music of
 the Band whicli had been so obnoxious to the
 other. Subsequently, nut only was every one
 of the Colored Bands engaged but several
 were sought by companies who were disap
 pointed in finding themselves too late. Mean
 while, the white musicians remembering the
 triumph ufthe Cadets, and probably not know
 ing the permanent character of the engage
 ment which the Colored Bands had made,
 called a meeting among themselves and unani
 mously passing a resolution not to play in the
 procession unless the colored musicians were
 excluded, and had it published quite in season
 to have the previous engagement broken.
 But, not a single company bolted, every one
 determining not to cower to such a petty spir
 it. Another card appeared afterwards, pur
 porting to be a refusal, of the Colored Bands
 to play unless the White Bands were exclu
 ded but this being untrue it was promptly
 refuted. The opponents rapidly diminishing
 by several of the dissenting bands making en
 gagements, a final attempt was made by call
 ing a meeting of the opposing delegates, hut
 whether they could not agree, or were
 ashamed of their proceedings, they have never
 yet met the public eye. The day for the pro
 cession has since come and gone, and though
 the weather was exceedingly unpropitious, it
 took place. As in days gone by, the colored
 bands were indiscriminately mixed in the line,
 and, so far as the writer knows, not a single
 deriding remark escaped either the spectators
 or the musicians vho w ere thus humbled in
 being obliged to play in the same procession
 with those against whom they were so much
 prejudiced. Dodsworth’s Band, of New
 however, made it an objection against
 tbeir joining the procession, and, togethci
 w ith the Diligent Hose Company, w hich em
 ployed them, went over the entire route in
 advance of the line. It is hoped that they
 will yet he made ashamed of the distinction
 which they thus gave themselves.
 With sentiments of high regard, I am
 yours for Liberty and Equality,
 PAYTON.
 Philadelphia, March 2*. 1849.
From oar own Correspondent.
 Port-au-Prince, Feb., *2Bth, 1848
 Friends Douglas* Delasy —After ai
 unusually long silence, which the over-rul
 ing force of circumstances, imposed upon me
 1 eagerly embrace a few leisure moments
 1 io resume my correspondence, though i
 may have languished, time has not been idle
 and the year of our Lord one thousand eigh
 hundred and forty eight, having made th&lt;
 summation of its joys and its sorrows, its gra
 tifieations and its regrets, ha- gone to seek iu
 predecessors in the Past w hile that of eigh
 teen hundred and forty nine, with no treasure:
 but its hopes, is impressing upon us the reali
 ties of the Present, and giving us slight and
 uncertain glimpses of the solemn and dreamy
 Future. With us, the old year passed ofl gai
 ly and during the last day of its existence,
 the streets of Port-au*Prinee were enlivened
 with passing parties of horsemen, —the Oih
 c.-fs of this and other governments, going to
 their felicitations to His Excellency, the Pre-
 Mdent of the Haitian Republic. Its gaiety,
 however, was but the Aurora with us promi
 ses of meridian brightness and the following
 day burst upon us in all the splendor that Was
 befitting the forty-sixth anniversary of a ns
uon'i independence. Early in the morning
 of tbe first of January, an immense concourse
 consisting of tbe citizens and the military,
 were assembled is the Place de Pet ion, in
 front of the National Palace. The Prescient
 and other dipnitanea of tbe government were
 in attendance; as were also, tbe Consuls of
 foreign powers resident here, attired m their
 respective uniforms. The spectacle was a
 magnificent one and as tbe morning sun was
 reflected back from floating standards, embroi
 dered suits and glittering bayonets, it seemed
 as though I had been suddenly transported to
 the fail? regions of Oriental tale. Upon tbe
 mimic stage, I may have seen typificattons of
 this gorgeous mingling of steel and silk and
 gold but certainly never have I had the com
 mon-places of actual life broken in upon by so
 imposing a pageant. The splendor of the Pre
 sident’s attiie surpassed any powers of descrip
 tion that I may be possessed of. Let it there
 fore suffce to say, that it consisted of a scarlet
 coat, literally stiff* with golden embroidery,
 long boots similarly decorated, and the various
 other portions of bis apparel in perfect keep
 ing. However much this gala-show may
 have conflicted with long imbibed notions of
 republican simplicity, the effect of its glitter
 upon the senses was none the less imposing.
 After a short address by M. Dufresne, the
 Secretary-Genera), the assemblage walked in
 procession to the church, where a solemn Te
 Deum was chanted to the Great Dispenser of all
 things, under whose Providence, Haiti is now
 in the enjoyment of tranquility, as well as in
 dependence. Ever and anon, throughout the
 ceremonies of the day, the deep-mouthed can
 non spoke out the heart-felt gratitude of aftee
 people, whilst every countenance evinced in a
 manner that could not be mistaken the univer
 sal joy.
 From the contemplation of this spectacle,
 my mind reverted to other scenes., of which
 this land has been the theatre. The heroes
 which vatying circumstances demanded, pas
 sed along in that rapid review, which thought
 ever orders. First among them w as Toussiant
 L'Ouvreture, who, greater than the Roman
 that subdued his country’s foes, £re he sought
 a redress for private wrongs, paused in his
 work of vengeance to perform an act of grate
 tude. It pictured him shaping the course of
 that fearful Exodus from oppression, and at
 length triumphant], guiding his fellows, with
 a stern and steady hand, in the way that an
 untried liberty offered to their footsteps. It
 followed him in his successful rule, until the
 fell damps of an infernal dungeon cast their
 blighting mildews over the genius that years
 of bondage had not been able to extinguish.
 Then came Dessalines, who called by his
 countrymen, to preside over those liberties
 which lie had so gloriously etablished, expi
 ated by a bloody deatlt, his grasping alter im
 perial power. Nor was the recollection of
 Christnphe wanting—that self-emancipated
 bondsman, whose gigantic intellect, after com
 manding the admiration of the world, could
 not resist the glittering lures of regal dignity;
 but who, rather than stoop from the lofty flight
 that he had imagined, sought in self-destruc
 tion, a refuge from all abasement. Last came
 Alexandre Petion—he, whose military genius
 had claimed the admiration of that greatest of
 all modern chieftains, Napoleon Bonaparte—,
 he, whose efforts to foster an infant republic,'
 caused a grateful people to bestow upon him
 the proud title of the Father of his Country
 he, whose untimely death was the sole event
 in along administiation, that caused a nation’s
 tears to flow. Well might the mind ponder
 on these instrumentuliiies, for it was through J
 them, that the independence of Haiti was es
 tablished. And that liberty so dearly earned,
 so watchfully guarded, will henceforth and
 forever, remain the birth-right of tier children,
 —when her skies lose that cerulean:
 tinge, which their Maker has given them—
 when her tnurnes that raise their verdant
 towards heaven, shall crumble from their lof
 ty elevation—when the waves which now
 break so iovingly upon her shores, shall sweep
 over the spots, where Nature bloums in her
 most charming parure then, if amid this gen
 eral wreck, a place be found for human foot
 hold, may the fearful scenes of oppression, of
 which Haiti was once the stage, be re-enacted.
 1 hough the actions of her liberators, owing
 to their having been reared in slavery, may
 not have always been characterised by that
 disinterestedness, which marks the perfect
 patriot—though her sons, maddened by the
 prejudices which have been their heritage,
 may have caused fraternal blood to renew the
 stain left by tbe band of her oppressors,—
 though it is still problematical, whether she
 hath even yet reached the term of her calami
 ties, this truth is evident, that while a definite
 existence is left to Haiti, freedom will be her
 portion. The language of every one of her
 children, like that of the patriots of Virginia,
 is and ever will be, “Give me liberty, or give
 me Death.”
Tuesday, January the twenty second, was'
 the I'ete ot Jean Jacques Dessalines, Ex-em
 peror of Hayti. This festival also, w as cele
 brated with all the pomp becoming the occa
 sion.
 The current of affairs is flowing on quite,
 tranquilly here, at present, with the exception
 that the army is preparing to march against
 the revolted portion of the island. His Ex-1
 cellency, the President heads the expedition,
 which w ill set off in th course of six or eight
 days. The city resounds with the “dreadful
 notes of warlike preparation and it is to be
 presumed that the campaign will soon com
 mence in earnest.
 SinceJ last wrote to you, an alteration has
 taken place, in the form of the Govermenial
 administration. The ministry (or rather, the
 Provisional Ministry) then existing, has been
 superceded and political affairs are at present!
 under the control of a Secretary-General, a
 Secretary of State for the department of Fi
 nance and Foreign Affairs, and a Grand
 Judge.
 1 perceive that, in some of the American
 papers, no very favorable mention is made re
 j speciing the law recently enacted here reserv
 ing to the Government a monopoly of the
 trade in coffee, and in such other produce of
 the soil, as it may deem proper. It is true,
 that this is a greater encroachment upon the I
 speculations of theorists- than practical econo-1
 mists usually permit themselves to indulge in.
 Yet, in view of the monetary embarrassments 1
 of the country, the measure may he justifiable; j
 and I could almost be lempted, in defiance of
 the wrath of political dabblers, to insert my,
 beleif, that if thu lawr fail in the accomplish
 meni of its object, it will be owing ratiier to a
 defect in its detail, than to one in u« general
prior iple. The exit tin* government, certainly
 appears aery much dispose*! to faror agncul.
 culture, commerce and education—the genus
 wherein he the future welfare of Haiti. A
 few days ago, a law was published on the last
 mentioned subject, establishing an University
 of HiiiU, and granting to the Commission of
 Education, the power to bestow the w*nal de-,
 grees conferred in foreign colleges. Trusting
 that the future may be fraught with good, for
 this truly interesting country, I subscribe mv-1
 self, Youis, as ever,
 harrold.
“The Smuggling Cass.”—The Washing
 ton correspondent of the Philadelphia North
 American writes as follows (March 21st):
The President has directed the recall of
 Mr. H. W. Ellsworth, as Charge d'Aflairs
 at Stockholm, upon the evidence of his par
 ticipation in the affair which has recently been
 the subject of so much just and indignant com
 ment in the press. Thi9 is perhaps, the only
 instance, in our whole history, in which a!
 diplomatic agent, clothed with such honor
 able functions, has disgraced himself by an act,
 at once so contemptible and mercenary.
On Friday night last, or.e of the stages run
 ning on the northern route between Blairs
 ▼llle and Pittsburgh, was precipitated down a I
 precipice nearly perpendicular, forty or fiftv!
 lieet in a creek.—There were four passengers
 in the coach at the tune, one of w hom, Capt.
 George W Pennington, of Pittsburgh, was
 killed on the spot.
Significant Fact.—The New Orleans
 Crt scent publishes the report of a Committee
 app*unled for the purpose of ascertaining thei
 number of deaths by Asiatic cholera which
 occurred among the Sons of Temperance in
 that city and the adjoining towns during the 1
 recent epidemic. The Committee state that
 there are 1,243 members of the different divis-1
 ions in New Orleans, Lafayette, Algiers end
 Gretna. In these Divisions three deaths only I
 occurred, and in some of them not a case ot
 cholera look place. Of those who died, one
 had been a member but a week, another less
 than a month, and the third was a watchman
 who was much exposed. The proportion of
 deaths in the City was fifteen to every one'
 thousand souls, while in the Sons of Temper- 1
 ance the proportion was 1 in more than 400
 members.
Colored Gold Diggers.—The New- Or
 leans Picayune says: “We learn that John
 Routh, of Terisas. La., is about leaving for
 California, with twenty-five selected negroes,
 to dig for gold.’’ The Memphis Eagle in no
 ticing this, remarks Several others from
 this section have taken servants along with
 them, but we have not heard before of any
 considerable force of blacks on Ihe way to the
 diggings.”
 Air-Line to California.—Our staid citi
 zens were somewhat excited yesterday by the
 appearance ol large handbills, announcing in 1
 bold capitals, that the Aerial Locomotive will
 leave tins city on the loth of April on its first
 flight to California. r I he price of passage is
 fixed at $5O, including hoard, and the trip is
 to lie made in calm weather, in two days—
 against h&lt; ad winds, in five davs. The pro
 prietors, Messrs Porter and Robinson, pro
 pose to stop by the way for companies of not
 Jess than twenty. We are glad to learn that
 the plan will at least be fully tested.—A'. Y. j
 Tribune.
Clippings from English Papers.
 New Investments.— A glance at the
 Times advertisements will show that the pub
 lie appetite for California is likely to be met.
 There is a Californian Gold (’oast Trad ng
 Association,” a Californian Gold Mining"
 Steaming, and Washing Company,” a “Cali
 fornia Steam Trading Compay,” a Califoi
 nia Gold and Trading Company,” a Cali
 lornia Gold .Mining, Ac., trading Company,”
 and last, but not least, is the Balloon Rail
 way.
 Mow to Avoid an Action for Slander.
 —At a late meeting in Norwich, Mr. Parry
 said I will not tell you what I last heard
 respecting tiie Duke of Marlborough, because
 if I were to tell you that a man was brought
 tip in a police court and fined ss. for being
 drunk that would be slander, and actionable.”
 A Summons for Time. —lt was proposed to
 introduce hour-glares into the House of
 Com.nons. ell said Sibthorp, they
 might he useful in sailing the minutes.”
 How to Gain ten Years.— The differ
 ence between rising in the morning at six and
 at eight o’clock, is equivalent, in the course
 of forty years, to ten years of eight working
 hours a day.
 Mr. Turner, in a recent lecture at Man
 chester, averred, with reference to brass hands,
 no man was ever blow the largest
 born and live beyond the period of three
 years.” It is, however, difierent with man
 and his own trumpet.
 Power of Song. —More than X1‘2,000 has
 been contributed to charitable purposes
 through the agency of Jenny Lind within the
 last two months
 Thomas Campbell’s Idea of Posthumous
 Fame. —When 1 think of the existence I
 shall commence when the stone is laid above
 my head, how can literary lame appear to
 me, to any one, hut as nothing 1 believe
 when I am gone justice will be done to me in
 this wav, that I was a pure writer. It is an
 expressible comfort, at my time of life, to be
 able to look back asd feel that I have not
 w ritten one line against religion or virtue.
 An Edinburgh correspondent of the Daily
 News observes: “A remarkable in-tanCe of the
 eccentricity of the cholera is that, whilst ex
 tending its ravages in eastern, western, and
 southern directions, it has not yet gone north
 ward, scarcely a single case having occurred
 north of the Firth or Forth, notwithstanding
 thefconstant intercourse between both tiles of
 the estuary.”
 A Bird in the Hand, Ac. —The proverb
 is somewhat musty, and yet we hear that a
 gentleman of this city is about to emigrate to
 the “diggings” of California, although he
 now holds an official situation ol X’2oo or
 X3OO a year. It seems to us very much like
 leaving a certain for a very uncertain g.xxJ.
 with the prospect of some very inconvenient
 evils—scalping, yellow fever, shooting down,
 Ac. Bristol Journal.
 From an official return it appears that, on
 the sth of January last the dividends due by
 the Bank of England, and not demanded,
 that is, for which no claimants appear, amoun
 ted to the sum of XT .OG.tiOG, Strange,
 indeed So many pet-pie wanting moocy,
 and so much money wanting owners Birm.
 Mercury.
 The Phonetic system," says a correspon
 dent of the Phonetic News. is the tailway
 on which‘the wheels of progress must run.
 O, but it is utopian What an objection from
 people fed, clothed, lighted, and carried about
 by realized utopias!’ —Nonconformist
 Nobility.—None but the lords are allowed
 to receive the order of ii»e garter. U v do
 not envy them, for the garter i* generally
 considered a fining ornament lur calves.
 Punch.
 What will be the ultimate effirc: of the dn&gt;-
 sovery of toe diggins?—To raise price*, to
 ruin fools, to demoralise a new country firs!,
 ind settle it afterwards. Punch.
 Chaste Pla« sto LivelX.—A virgin forest
 o South America .—Puppt SJu*.
 The Cblbvh and the ra*as. The true
 Lurch of England at thu»m&lt;»n.em he* in the
 ditor* of ihe nc spa perm.— Carlyle
 The .Morning Post applies a well-known
 hyme (slight! v ah-red) to th** givmga-way of
 he Whig ministers when bevteti—
 A mot ßan, n spaniel, and a
 The toon yew beet um», the beasr Jter be.
Commercial.
Rocßtvrtm. April®,
 TVtr i« very little 'kiing iu market- FI w ha*
 declined Mace «r las* report. A °f bbl«
 parr- (irar-Mr ar.u made on Monday at ?5, and a
 null kx Ka-Ui mil l at 85,06. We noticed a num
 ber of loads of Wheat in In vnggon, and the
 »a» uniform al fljK pe,‘ Corn from a effort*
 ■old at Me. QWaarr 29a\*&gt;- In provi'h**
 i* a moderate hu6h* lining. Batlrr is plenty a*
 14c. But little Cheese arriving is nmrirt.
 Rochester Wholesale Price- C'aireat.
 FLOUR *st&gt; MEAL—l»trtv JO p e ad va*
 Floor, p hW 5 00© 3 23
 l Com meal, f bu«h 45 C 47JJ
 PRO\ ISIOXS.—Duty Reef, Pork »H am*, Baron,
 Rotter and Lard, 20f c; Chrwe 30 p c ad ral
 Fork, (me-*) .1200© 13 00
 Do. in hue 5 30
 Beef, cwt. ,8006 5 00
 D«. IM. (mem) 700© 8 00
 Lard (tried) p «7| 8|
 Do. (leal*.) e 6
 Ham*, (smoke!) ©..7
 Stmuldrrs, i to. 5©.. 6
 Turkeys (ffb ..0
 Chickens 0
 Potatoes, bush 38 50
 GRAIN —Duty; 20 p c ad val
 Wheat, hoah 1 16
 Corn 45 44
 Rye 53
 Oats 1© 32
 Barley 50 53
 HIDES- —Duty; 5 P c ad val
 Slaughter 3J
 Calf -.10
 S!**ep Pelts '4O 75
 SEEDS—Duty; Linseed 10 p c; Mustard 20 p
 c ad val
 Clover 3 30 0 00
 Timothy 200 a 2 30
 Flax 100
 FISH —Duty on foreign caught; 20 p c ad val
 Whitefish bbl 6 75
 Codfish rvrt 3 50
 SUNDRIES—
 Salt, p bbl 1 00
 Apples, p hush .31
 Do. dried 62$
 Eggs, p doz 14
 Beans, p lxish “5 75
 Hay, p ton 700 11 00
 Hard wood 3 00
 Soft Wood
3. ii ucr 11 scmfn t s.
 JOB PRINTING.
 THE NORTH STAR OFFICE, is furnished
 y. tin new Job Type, for the execution of even
 description of Printing with neatness anti despatch
 attite lowest prices lor cash, viz:
 Hand-hills, Blanks, Bill-head.-,
 Programmes, Circulars, Bills of Lading,
 Pamphlets, Cards, Labels, &amp;c.
VTARRATIVE OF THE LIFE OF FREDER
 IC IC'K DOUGLASS, written l»y himself, to Lx
 had at tiiis office, price 30 cents.
 Antislavery office and Reading loom.
 No. 25 Buffalo St. Rochester, ojrpoxite the Arcade.
 THIS office has been newly stocked with the
 latest and l&gt;cst works on slavery and other moral
 questions. Among them are the Young Abolitionist
 —Poverty its illegal causes and legal cure—The
 Power of Kindness—The Branded Hand—History
 of the Mexican war—Theodore Parker’s Ser
 mon on J. Q. Adams—do on the Mexican war—
 do his letters to the People of the United Stales—
 The Church as it is or the Forlorn Impe of Slavers
 Despotism in America, and Archy Moore.
 I intend to have in connection with office a Cir
 culating Library, as soon as I can get a sufficient
 number of useful an 1 distinctive books of a moral
 and scientific character.
 JOHN S. JACOBS.
 Asylum for the Sick who have been con
 fined to their beds from 1 to 20 years.
 DR. HAMILTON’S Hydropathic and Anyaljtic
 Asylum, No 217 Exchange Street, opposite*tlie
 Orphan Asylum, Rochester, N.Y. Tills Institution
 is now firmly established and in successful opera
 tion. The proprietor analyzes every disease that is
 admitted there, and applies the natural and appro
 priate remedy. Although water is used in every wav
 that is applied in any water-cure establishment in
 tlie United States, yet the proprietor wishes it to lie
 expressly understood that it is not relied on as the only
 or principal lemedy in the treatment of disease sub
 mitted to bis care.
 This Establishment is designed fir that class of
 invalids who have failed to obtain their health by all
 other systems of practice, and are still unable to
 walk or stand on their feet, and are confined to their
 oeds, wearing out a life of misery and suffering with
 qut any hope of ever lieingany better.
 The remedies made use of in this Institution not
 only entirely remove disease but give increased
 strength and elasticity to the system. M any have
 lieen brought here from ditierent parts of the coun
 try, who had neither walked or Ixime their weight
 on their feet from five to fifteen years; and some
 who have lieen unable to dress or undress, or even
 to feed themselves, and in tlie course of a few weeks
 would lie walking with the elasticity of youth and
 the quickness of a pedestrian, astonished at them
 selves, and surprising their fiicnds and all who saw
 them w hen they first came. The treatment of this
 Institution is particularly calculated to remove the
 diseases peculiar to females, such as
 Ist. The falling of the Womb, in all its stages
 and conditions in patients, from twelve years of age
 up to sixty, and even if then have lieen confined to
 their beds from one to twenty, unable to stand, walk,
 dress, or undress themselves, or even too fteble to
 licar any noise or speak aloud.
 2d. Weakness and Falling of the Bowels; Pain
 in tlie Side, Shoulders, Back and Head; Spinal
 Diseases, Liver Complaints, Sinking Sensation at
 the Stomach, Palpitation of tlie Heart, Dyspepsia
 in all its forms and stages, Piks, &lt;a&gt;stiveness, Di
 arrhoea, Supjwession of the Menses, Excessive
 Menstruation, hites, ail Nervous Diseases, Cold
 Feet and ands, St. Anthony’s Dance, Tetters of
 all kinds,Salt Rlieum, in its worst firms, Neural
 gia, Tic Douloureux, Rheumatism, Consumptiod in
 its fit st stages, General eakuess and Debility.
 The proprietor lias given his whole attention to
 the alxive diseases for the last ten years, and has
 treated them in an entirely different way from any
 outer private practice or public Institution in tin’s
 country and such has lieen his ,-nccess, and so cer
 tain an* his remedies in their efforts on those dis
 eases, that instead of publishing a long list of ,er
 lificxl rurt&gt;, lie wishes to gi'.e that class of invalid*
 seeking to obtain tlieir health a sufficient guarantee
 against any false pretensions, exaggeration, impo
 sition or deception, so that no one treed lie to am
 expense in tins Institution without being bonelited.
 The proprietor w ill enter into a special contract
 with auv one win wishes to do so, tl»at l&lt;e will a.;-
 iiiit into the Institution, to advance the money "an i
 pay alt the expenses from any part of tire United
 routes heie and back liorne again, before he com
 mences tlie treatment, ami give a bon I to board tliem,
 together with his professional service*, for nothing,
 if be does not help them according to contract. Any
 one thinking tlie above proposition not a sufficient
 guarantee against misrepresentations and expense
 without receiving equal benefit, ran let the proprie
 tor know what will be satisfactory, and it shall be
 duly era eulered.
 This Institution has grown up from private prac
 tice by the mfWuce of tiiose who have lieen helped
 here, as nothing has ever Le.-1 published la-fue;
 and the proprietor mean* tiwst it snail sustain itseL
 by its own merits, or pay the expense of those who
 choose to m«ke a contract in rase of failure. 'Lite
 design of do* I irtoiar is not to make kaown the
 cure* that have lieea ma -ie in this institution,
 liiey Tirol soon be beiieved; but io let .t le m&gt;&gt; re
 extensively known to tic poor au dering invalid-*
 that have spent hundreds of dollars in try «g ail
 other system# of pear;ice, and without murii w'am
 benefit,"and still remain confined to their beb from
 five to twenty years, tint the** is an I nan rut ton
 hose treatment is difiereiu frian any otiiet one Uw
 Uaited .’■•tates, an i is particularly a&lt;iapted to tin it
 situation, can have it cost them nothing ume»,
 tltejf are materially bencfihnJ.
 From the nature of treat men! in ibis luUiUSim,
 tlv number '/patient- must 1* limned, iber. ij.t tlie
 proprietor doe* not solicit it a* patronage of slijdt and
 ordinary eases which may lie easily letpe 1 y &lt;4hrr
 system* of jawiVice; nor d&lt;e. he se t arts owe to
 Coinr, uuiess they wish L&gt; get well, aa I art- wifi
 to be nsa ie well euoogn to waik fr.an five to twenty
 idles at a time, a»i follow it up d.,j dav iL
 succession and also willing to lie rua.it abb t &gt;en
 dure worn bUic and fatigue a* ire*t people
 that call iltemss Ives well, as Ims tueans that every
 awe that thr.mgh a thorough course of ueaimert
 ■n the Analytic lavtituti -o skill .bow U t&gt;ir in
 creased strength, elasticity of ns. a non, h'rttines of
 texture, cupaUhty «-f ea.hirai.re, aiK j improved
 hrahb, that li» treatment ja Uh* LwUtuUo.i is ffiond
 rd on the natar-1 Uas of organise J oi.ttcr, and
 ronset)vat!y its superiority over evrrv other tftf
 fere .it sj Hew of practice.
 AH romuuiairatioos hire mad p, Jk. THOM AS
 HAMILTON, Rochrv'cr, pi.*t paid, will receive
 immediate attei.ie.n. If rerfacuted, rrf rrrf will
 be sa- u&gt; those wise have been helped in lb* Inati
 i&lt;tt)oo f iw I'jijii ffitffnfti ju iu liftpiiMliti
 rof the proprietor to k meef the above, expert*, il
Xfw Watck aatf Jewelry Sltre.
 JOHN' KFTI&gt;ZIE having rlail(ri h.« pMlnr skip
 rtbtkw, lui rwif.l Km Shop two iKwm
 North to No. 11, J*trret. where he i« (V’rp.Wr-i
 i «orce*«tuUy «n compete h the sale of an ent;»e r*rn
 i Stork of (i.*od», rwmms*mg of &lt;i*4d and Silver
 E®fh&lt;h, Anr bur, Ibrituwta) a»i Vertical Wait hr*.
 Goiu (ii«rl ami fub Owns, (wli SeiU and Kn«,
 f&gt;oU ami Silver Pencils. Sprvtxh* and TVmkt*
 Gobi F.ir-Hmj«, Bcarelc:*, ami Fiam-Km^—a
 11 g «o»i wssurtiiM-it. cheap; a nnrh of Ladies* and
 lifirtlrflifn’* Brrflil-Piw, new style; &lt;i.aii&gt;W ami
 stogie Hunting (old ami phtrd i«ork&lt;*f», OoH Pens,
 best epniity. Sihrcr ami Shell Comb# ami Ca*
 Cutlery, Ac. lie.
 Thr jlht.' h J HrKlv i w fl,l,e
 uswalK kepi w ho, rr f*”' 1 tHI
 vanuiooo, ,enu, timo IWMaI \^^rU
 that the *j; hr r7^
 prices asrertained, !&gt;H.»rc purchasing elsewi*.
 Una m irki-t.
 e "‘•mulacture ami keep on hand a good assort- 1
 OK n •"'dver Spoons, w.wntutrd a# turn: a* Ame
 rican com.
 W ill also keep an assortment of Aeconleon* and
 other Musical Instruments, which will iie sold tm
 low.
 e intend to keep a g&gt;t.*i assortment of the he«t
 l&gt;rass Eight-iiay, 9) hotir.ond alarum (.'locks, as can
 be found in this city.—Call and see them.
 V\ ATCH REP AIRING, faithfully done ami war
 ranted by an experience!) workman.
 Farther particulars at No. 11 State Stm t.
 J. KEL»ZIE Co.
 _P. S.—-To the Farmers in icirticukir we would
 notice, that we lure a variety of Barometers
 which will give that knowledge of die champs of the
 weather, so as to be able to adopt his Imsiness to its
 variations. Please call and examine them, as ersw
 man ought to have one.
 Sep. 15, 1848. om
DR. A. CLARK,
 DENTAL SURGEON.
 I would respectfully inform the citizens of Rocliester
 ami surrounding country, that I have removed rnv
 office lr»m No. 89 Smith's Arcade to uiy dwelling
 rvalue No. 92Monroe Street.
 1 hnnkinl lor past favors in the line of nn profes
 sion, aivl fiatiering myself that I ran give perfect
 satisfaction to all who may favor me with tlieir pa
 tronage. I would invite all those who are de
 sirous of having operations performed &lt;&gt;n the teeth or
 ot having teeth inserted to call on ine and satisfy
 themselves.
 A. CLARK.
 N. B. All operations performed! by me on the
 teeth and Plate Work warranted.
 Rocliester, Oct. 13, 1848. tf.
AssisOKoS Salt*.
 AS Assignee of Stephen A Leach, deceased,
 il- I shall sell at Public Auction at the \r
 ra.Jc Flail (opposite the Post Office) in the city
 ot Koehester, on the 9th day of April, 18f9, ,t 12
 o’clock 3!., “One undivi led fourth part of all that
 tract or |&gt;arcel of land situate in the Village of
 j Honeoye Falls, town of Mendoo, County ..f Jf u
 j roe and State of New York, hounded and'descried
 as follows- Beginning at the west corner of a lot
 i ot land owned in the year 1843 by Lzra K. Bkn
 tov, and now occupied by Asa F 5 ridk, and on the
 j .Northerly line ol Monroe Street, thence along the
 line of said street north forty eight decrees, west
 one chain twenty and one half links to Robert
 Rami s line; thence north forty-two degrees, east
 I at right angles with said street two elm ns’ind thirty
 j nine links; thence north forty-eight degrees, west
 stx feet and two inches; thence continuing alou
 j sau: HARD i line north thirty-nine degrees, east one
 i chain and sixty-two links to llarri Ai.le.nV line
 faience along his line s.nitli forty-eight degrees, east
 (nir. eliinii; thence south thirty-four degrees fifteen
 minutes, west along said Allen’* line one chain
 s ixty-lour and n halt links; thence south forty-live
 j degree* and lorty-live.miinites, east eighteen links;
 f f Hl, n q s Be ntos’s line (now said Pkiiika
 me) south forty-two degrees, west two chains ami
 mi)-nnie link-, to the place ofbeginning,containing
 ulkiul h.i I an acre, id laud, being the same premises
 conveyed by said Lk u h to Jerome I!. Fi i i ~\vs
 by deed dated OrfoUr ITHi 1848, and recorded in
 -Muuroe county clerk’s office Oct. 19, 1848 ar ten
 cloek M |,b. 82.. f deeds at page 172 I li,
 above descriliedpremises will L; sold subject t.. a
 ce.tam mortgage executed by said Leach to
 fHVRt.Ks l’Ail.K dated Kith him! recorded in
 .Monroe m.aty le, k'.-Jt )ffi, e on the 18th day of
 Octoller 1848 at 10 o’clock A. 31., in lib. 46 of
 mortgages at page 500.
 Dated February 15th 1849,
 6* Jerome: B Fellows, Assignee.
 AUBUII.\ mid ROt’IIEsTKIC
 It A IJ.-ROAD,
 niiANCEi.x *i on:.— Tht „;n
 V. to leave Rocu str r to-day at the follow i„g jllt
 Eastward—at 12] v. II a. m., and 7J r. m.
 Westward—at 2* a. &gt;i„ 4J a. m., ,nd 4j r. vt.
 It- riie ti r, I&gt;i (vin!,f r o, I*l*.
 The OIi! f urosily Niiop,
 At Xo 18 Ear.lmige Street Rochester.
 T LtAD St (iJT, graleful lor ihe patronage
 JJawarded him, would respertfully i„ffi nil Ins
 friends and tin- pub.ic generally, lhat lie has .eeenily
 enlarged Ins establishment and augmented his
 of aleii s, Women’s, and Children’,. New and
 Mtcond hand iippare. 1■ 1 liti,, t. this duon t
 uieni he will buy ami sell House and Store Furni
 ture, Rooks, Jewelry Fancy articles. Mechanical
 an lagricullu al implement*, and indeed all those
 van.us “odds and ends” of wind, may not be
 reaiii(y obtained at other places. It is his intention
 to, keep ihe Old t tirosity Shop” well furnished
 Wuhan endless vanety ui articles lor which he will
 pay Idieraliy and dispose of at satisfactory prices.
 □s’ ■‘-'tiling repaired and renovated with neatness
 and despatch.
 Dout (.get Tim Old Curosity Shop.
 Rochester March I«|9.
 H«i!r-I iitfius and Hr&lt; v»in£ at
 RALPH FRANCIS’S Saloon, under the Fiade
 Buffalo-street jnl 11—:) m
 f MIARI.ES JON! S, \«.rth Siar House, O 26,
 North Street, between Fifth and Sixth, and
 .Maiket and Aich streets, Phda.id| ,iia.
 Stranger* visiting tie- city «il! liml the North
 Star House the m..sf central, convenient ami com
 fortable llou-i- jii Plnlmielpina.
 Philadelphia. Dee. 1. 1818. i{m49
 Every .Man his own Physician/*
 THE HOME DOCTOR.
 TEST PI'BI.ISHFiD, a a., vahad.le Look
 'J lor every family in tin- c mntry, and one that ~.a%
 |s: consulted witii r» If saf&lt; ty. W its title page
 indie:, fa it is “Tl iE i 10311. IiOPTOR, or F .unify
 Manual, giving the causes, syrnpf ns and treatment
 ot Diseases; witn an account of tFie system while in
 health, and rules lor preserving liiat stale. Appen
 ded lo which arererip-s for making various medi
 cioer and aitides for diet for tin- k room. The
 whole written lor general use ami daily practice h-y
 John B. Newman, 31. 1.
 Abo, ari-om|ianving this I .ok, or separate, i*
 “THE HERR IMXiK, a book &lt;U-\ ted exdujiiv&lt;-E
 to ile«! giving their names, varieties, cls-scription,
 ue-dical propertp-s and tlost*, u»e, tune of gathering,
 am! many other directions »ery useful lor every Lun
 dy to know, and written expressly for fhiniK u-e.”
 Toe Herb Book is devoted solely fa, M.,i.
 val liJny, and will furnish on that pom I all the
 desire t information wanted fi&lt;r general use
 Hie two hook* are [art up and bound 10-o-t U-r and
 Co .Lsru 2*JU |rages, price 25 rents, or *ol scpaiale
 at 12j een:*,
 Tl* symptoms of each disease a ecareful.v given,
 »o Lot one my I* recognized fronther, t*&gt; pre’
 veut practising in the &lt;~.rk; al*o tie- treatment, a
 ♦ketch f general phy tiok-g), and rules for keeping
 n liealth, Drgetlier with oFso rvalions on lis ir cause,,
 means of av.rviing deleteriom iofhienc- and »u.
 other remarks a» are decine J atrprop. ,ap-, ffir b&gt;Ah
 mult arui/rm L
 The Fvo.k ha* F*-en written with gr. at care, m a
 piam, siutt.le, cotnsmm-eiw style radlr lo o:
 ilerst 00. l y every person, ami Icy a p.-rriie.il p
 'iaii an. a thoroogh lotaiiut. We c&gt;u if. ui 0n..:
 itw .ih entire coolidence, as being st work m)* i M
 in all respect* to »m olhs-r Isodi ft f j.jn,,
 poM.site.J at lhe prir*.
 F’i.'ud in ti* r ountry, and rpei w iy uV
 1 mg in new i -un'ries aai Uoheahhy thi- .H ,i* *h|
 not fa 4 Dcproefica a e-cpy a.id Iwse pat ~J} t, U y m
 haral, in rce oi »»ck.*». as U*.y a» u M thetefn l, v
 sme *nijrh-re iiciv sate or etpetui« r a.al pcoUac
 ter! dneror* lull, w (*ther well «cr **rk, *ra t a fss k
 ticcn: !e rn every house a* a safe ~iii -ore l- 4 Vl*#.,
 m tiiw: of nee.:, ihe duectam g»*eu her isir.n, r
 hi-a'tk cai.tiol F* tcs. sUKtiy attended t„ U sil.
 Fhe rr»f at vr'.iirh the Isy-k it s«,L| l, m 4
 very Cuu.ly may hair a copy, and
 t w it.'s&gt;Ot &gt;t.
 I\f k is Jjot up in P.per Fa aifcj
 I «.»,lv I- .ent »W mad. Postage rely 6] ci-ou h, au
 (Mtt I tne I ailed Btale«.
 jfr A«y person seadrap os '.-w* dUt-,r k, m.!, am
 ami_ faying |*c»ia,« 4l u* letter, uiMl hat, ha*
 1 r-ipie# *er.t him frtt ustirc.
 Vo l V»" at.i«ru, there is no ri.k m m.Jir;
 .-a-mey by to-ul* it ensue* fa, cktily and ti* &gt;«o*J.
 ahi reach tls-ir detUitaimu.
 F'«r farr&gt;il,&lt; can chd, P,gc-tVr aol sea l
 j dollar bill, a»i have fimr I#s4a ms ae acWre-
 W A .v I.ll—Aleuts in i-iost c,l liar .ItcU’T !l
 this aotk, a:moat etr-ij fasaii) wid
 |earrie&lt;} fa, ibeir A«&gt;r*. A «uwwpsCil-ffrom &amp;2(i
 ito #5(l Will i* useeSsnr .I* «»ck a*ee‘ A ic»s,
 ULO- VV. F IftHF.K,
 April i.l&amp;i* V
HOME for reform
 1' fIE &lt;&gt;.h*rrii&gt;rr h»« tlwt
 and central boarding .few*. No. 2| Central
 &lt;'«t. where he will le mnet happy to welcome •om*
 o( ihf 1 rirwin ol Kriorni. t; miMMatilr chv|r&lt;.—
 H&lt;- »i*hr* b..* hnwm tv l« the rminl nlare to Bo«-
 t wi, where the frirmi' f&gt;CTfnp»n#r», lv*rr, Purity,
 Krmkw, t)« I'riworr, Ur.,m ut meet together.ard
 et»*n a rnraMtabif and &gt;|u«et buisr.
 ,rn! Court opens at 2S* WubiaftH «wt
 JOHN M. SPF.AR.
 Rjston, \'i|, 21. IS4S.
 f rn«»\J\&lt; IV SMITH. N't*. BraltJr Stwt.
 A thr t*i.kirn Bali. New and See«»nd
 «*i Clothing Store,
 Thr
 pOMMKNrr.O .hr h r «f of December. 1*47.
 «od &gt;cptr,nler It will Iw .leroied the ,merest
 of nu r conductor* will eu-lea
 e.,r in'prran 'P rn f,,r rM the
 and .l.er.„,K,n r Philosophy,
 Politic*, 1.. f eature, Rel.^T* o**’ 0 !n}
 Ihe Rcv.cw will le ronth***** Enter*
 «&gt;n, TVir-oikae Parker. ..nd J. Ellen
 I&gt;\ veral ..her gentlemen.
 I"ad iminter will contain ahout 123 pager, at the
 price ol $»3 a rear, in advance.
 t osnuiiiiiK.itKHt.*, subscriptions, kc abouU Iw
 addressed to tin* PuMislier*.
 cooi.inoE Wiley.
 12. Water Street. B»&gt;*ton
KOBHRT MORRIS, J*.. Attorney and C««a
 seilor at I«vw, Br.«*er\&lt; Building, State Street
 Boston.
JOHN I). KKVUt.‘* N H .V r nltiog Saloon
 O ami Perfumery Einjiornui., »14. RLukstoor^
'EM lORK IRVERTISERE.W^ 1
 T &gt;T I*l MI.ISIIKI). Zmb ..tZZsZTI
 t* i'l tin* .Anti &gt;la very Standard—
 I lie Leg,.,,, of Liberty, ami Fort e of Tnitli, 10th
 edition.
 Him work contain* about 230 pages of close
 l i: eminent authorities, and about sixty
 Hawtrative engravings. l* r i ce 3?i ct*. in muslin,
 an l ce,,t3 in paper coT«r*. A vety liberal &lt;Ji«-
 V’ tl ,s&lt; who P"rcbase a mmilcr of conies.
 Ihe Condition, Influence, Rights, and Appeal of
 omen, from various authors, 12J cents.
 Utter to tile People ~f i|„. Ended States, touching
 t.K&gt; Matter of Slavery. By Theodore Parker.--
 pp. 120. Price 18| cents.
 Lecture be hire die Ft male A S.
 &gt;"Ciet&gt; ot Salem, Mass. Reported by 11.
 I arkmirst, Boston —pp. 22. Price 5 cents.
 lEL I.AM S. POW K 1.1,, Sailor's Home, 61,
 Cherry Street.
 DR. J. M CUNE SMITH, 93, West" Broad
 h ay.
 T Surgeon-Dentist, 185, North
 A nroamvav.
 JOSEPH C. lIOEI.Y, Hoot and Shoe Maker,
 No. 97, Cranlicry Street, Brooklyn.
 N.R. R. pairing neatly executed at the shortest
 notice and on the most rwa-onahlc terms.
 PHILIP A. WHITE, Drnggi.t, comer of Frank
 A lort and Hold Street.
 UKSTEEL HOARDING 1101 SF.
 RLEs 1114 1 11 PE, would resfiertfiillv in-
 V. liirin his friends and the public, that he continue*
 to devote every attention to those pleased to favor
 his home with a call. The Imuse is pleasantly
 located at 632 Broadway, Albany.
 Feb. 18, 1848.
 W ITIAM R|&lt; Hair Dressing and Bathing
 Saloon, Troy House, Troy, New A oik.*
 NEW I*l,' It LIC ATHENS.
 T Hl' BK READY IN A FEW DAYS,
 O vikkkV-&gt; Vfi-K.AI., with a brief sketchoi
 bis life by Ifmry (iarntt
 Also, li.UtM.rN Aihlrr.i.i in the S'lavfn of the f'nij
 t'il Stuffs. 'I his address was rejected by tin* Na
 tional Ceiiveiitb.il at linflalo in 1813. The edition
 is small, and those who desire copies will do well to
 send in their orders early
 Jl &gt;1 PI BLISHEI), a Lertuie entitled Tub
 1 \S r ANI PK h sK XT Cox It IT II ix or Til K Co on l
 Rack, by ilnxry H, s hi an ,i ttam-t
 1 üblislted at I coy, N. A Orders attended to.
 April 28, Bm.
 LTneral Inirllisrenre Office.
 JJLO. H. f.OINKS having opened an E*tnl&gt;li«h-
 Vi llieilt at the I'UII,A itf LPHI a Ibstiti tt
 Eombard &gt;treet, above Seventh, f..r the purpose of
 pn.curing honest and faithful domestics for those
 who may rcrjuis*: them, and obtaining places for
 s ieli tis are &lt;|iialifi« I and in want thereof, begs r,va
 t&lt;&gt; refer fo the following named gentlemen, who hav.
 km •iv pi molted the use nt their names as
 it i r t it rn c r.s
 Andrew M’Makin Editor of the American Conri. r|J
 Kols rt Morris, Editor ot the lmpurcr
 J;'“|» r I larding, Pubh-lieioltlie lni|uirer
 t diaries J. Peterson, Editor: of Jfeal’s (ia/ette]
 11 ms. B. I- lorenre. Editor of Times and K« \ston.
 BoUnt Howell, 88, hiMiifl Street
 Ililliam J. .Mullen, 278, Catherine Street.
 Philadelphia, Sept. 1,1848. |j gjj
 DIE 11. J. FEf K, Physician and Surgeon, Phi
 la lelphia Institute, Lombard Street, aboy.
 Seventh. ly—36
 FREE PROI)Tf'E STORE.
 \TE\A OOODS just rerived, fieneml reductioa
 s-A in prices.
 I ir»f I-1 Prints, various styles.
 New -tyhs of Prints ot medium quality, usual width,
 r ine and wide Paper Muslins. Also Coloted
 'ambries.
 I uitain Calico. Superior fine Chintz Umbrella*
 Oil ioths.
 Satinets, g.ss! ami cheap. *AUo on hand, mostly al
 re. u. &lt;l prices, (imgiiaius, various dualities ami
 styli s.
 line and Is ivy am tg, Sheetings, and Pillow
 Mindies.
 Striped t 'am!,ri. Fine 6-1 Plaid Muslin.
 Mi.'.-iia I.aine, plain and neatly figured, all wool.
 Linen.-, warranted tree tr&lt;an cotton.
 1 lams !s 4-4 good ami pi ice low. Canton flannel*
 w liitt- and colored.
 Table Diaper and t Moths, of different styles.
 Apronae Furniture&lt; iierk. Cotton flaiHtkerrhief..
 ottou I wbird Pantaloon Stliiis. Also Liueu
 Drilling.
 Long and half Hose, fine and heavy.
 Knit ling f oiton, v.u ions .Nos., Idem lied, brown, and
 colored.
 AV 'Milling, white and colored Colton l_aj Also,
 Refined 1.0 d, h'niilssi, and Pulverize*! Sugar.
 Brown &gt;ni. o', good ijinlily, ot various grades.
 Ha whole stork exclusively Free Lslnr busts,
 to who .ifh B'ibseriber would invite the attention
 c ,tinn y mert iiaols, as nrll u |ii« im|
 jsibbe generally.
 Much pains is t.ikr ri by tlie Marutg&gt; rs of tlte Fre«
 Prtsit.t e A*«ration, to assist tl** Sub*eriljer to Ul
 large tin is sol tier t from ttu:»- to lin.e.
 fiEORDE TAYLOR,
 N. rtt.west corner I ll'll, arul berry-sis
 Plohad* Ipina 2.! U.o. Ist, 1,818. tf
 i m Labor Loods.
 -A&lt; Tf ktl&gt; hi live American Free Pn&gt;.
 J A--a iatMi,, anil lor sale al No. 31, NorUi
 f rt 9 JlitvMpljia; r
 M mrfie»?r*r fringtiaius Checks, Apron ao.l Fur
 nr.u:. I »Hwi F Uiutel, unidear ted, Muslin,
 a aor, iiiJJoirieii, of Vsie te i|uaiiUr and
 u» I#, fh if» i\,t (jroAAn uih! r^l;
 Lto l.ye It.WeL; liht k and vrtnfe AY adding;
 I Laps I.uup Wick; Bed Pm king, wo ix
 o ~i n‘ .irt,t 1e; t alico, Ruiuing t.ottoe,
 fcr. ir.
 Hr r rs f,r fsory's, &lt;,r letters dr siring information,
 rnay V ar(df. ltr( j j,, j HtKi*,dl, Vsih
 r fth-«(reet; l&gt;.»toci L. Moier, TeutiesUrei; tm to
 l, i** Mott, No, :r&gt;, t hunt, A ny.
 A fcirgr- ha.v laouie assortllM at of Prints «e
 iiaiMl. ,f
!f-Mavrry Offlrr*
 Aw. 31, Xorf/t Fifth .Strut. Phtlad Iphut.
 FI LI. a- rW:* U poid.twte
 Aisk t t r on.fai (S .X. f U 'f
 Varvety ol „,^e.*“»
 aiul 1 an. v &gt;'al*M»»zy.
 All Jr.urs lr ls'*'4 '}r V r
 n. ts .rested to J M,’-cr M' Kiui. 31. North
 Filth rueet. Pb»tMse‘,AW. j«l—&lt;f
 THE 111 l-AAA ARE ABOLITIONI.ST
 s p %pF.K "P dw- afs.ve name wiH 1» publithN! iu
 \A {V**, 'ry u« lbkn*sie Atilivfhmt
 8s t|. It vs.u ie r'lllesl ly a t oilUiottee, awl will
 jiSJide.: 'Si a lia’l mroboui sleet, at twenty tilf
 c. a.'sryesir. »rr for twsmty-fr wrnwnls-is. Ifwilile
 dev trd t eusate IpßlßMi in Delawarr.aud *»»M ad.
 vi/’j!&lt; r iiiiuietri Lx ah lawful eraSMar I,
 f* I hror-.J Mlllisositlll), »f UrSM »tf %i.
 fier. es!, &lt;n ei often a* the reehris ran le ol ttinr &lt;f.
 lAMLM It. IlkookE
 Puldieiim- A^m
