...rn». KICK DJI GLASS,
 M. It. DKI.ANV, J Editor*
VOL 11. NO. 16.
Tne SO.ir.l STVII i* published ever*
 I'nl.if, iii V.». 2», Ho I il&lt;&gt; strict.
 tt» the Arcade, j
 TERMS.
 T &gt;vo Mir* »v&gt;r 'in hi n, al-r *v» r
 km'in-in «*ll I»* re.viv.- l( r a N“« «er* I
 *i\ n
 \!r r r. r it; nit 1 r^'Tt^
 it n•« f n l.H.r: *&gt;*v,-r *T"
 li 1 v&lt;- it\ »r«: r I
 fur. rt .fthp IKIII Vh will I- M
 «i.«vc~,V m .11 f»r n• aAr&gt;*M
 i m v h* v i Mv Ir v i 1 rv et» i&lt;l 1
 of c »i.ie \1 &gt;n %li rr; .1 :V-m mil aa ii"
 leil.-' -t i. iit t .flic .’oi-ORr i&gt; PioPl.r
 .VII »«*MI »he :.v &gt;f F'lr.r.n &gt;M to »1.“ Trtßr.r
 Miuio«. fnr Rvm.vhi Fruoff Covn
 r i: v m v.
 r' UMS'ir.R S NOTICES.
 h :~jr \‘l ern n ..i'lriin ni.tin? i&gt;t f urine**
 of t p. v* -tiii'&lt;= of *nVr* in J re mt
 i. .r Si-., k.io .1.1 I*- Wr('i.wi to John Dick,
 I ii l i'ii‘ier.
 r -y&gt; :j.| l :,’l r,th&lt;*r« sens'l l* in n"., ore
 i|i|pti.pil t Ih- orcr.t*-. ml sivr- ill" F'&lt; O S
 In. ('nitty, an I tie S tte. Lsi U Siil»«c;'il&gt;-r no*
 me (lately it Ate l f &gt;r n&gt; x-y rwrive-I.
 Ij- iv p -rs &gt;ii i l.'i» i i tlie psiymr-nt f&gt;r f&gt;ur
 iW ilv.*, t lie f&gt;r«vanl r&lt;l t one a l*lre.*n, may
 It .vr fit l. ro» iv f &gt;r oa year.
 it r* and r ini n.lni(-ation.* inn-t I*"' |K&gt;st
 paid.
 I.WI OF V'JF.NTS.
 Mi s$ veil u i i rs.—R. F. Waleuti. 21, C orunill.
 It ..to a; \.;in I .n, N. vI?• If ml; H -ratio U
 Fo.t r, (...iv II; Jam-- V. IFiff-rn, Lynn; '-WV
 r.va i*, WirvMtrr; IL-ime Spo n.-r, Flvimmtli;
 r ,a.k i 11. Sni niiel-l D-ivid Burgles,
 N .rt'ia npio i; 11. F.;te ifei, ptn- 1.
 M x ,n f..—O’iver D ii‘ t. F
 Vkhhont.— R via T. It »!&gt;in*i»n, North Fer
 ridurr-
 (’os mi tic it. I.l'iatV-ui 1.-onar I, New Haven
 Nt IV If tie* (1-0 —\V -are T..ppa-i, Bra Ifor I.
 y v V-Mvt. —Sv i-i'-v 11. r «a\, 112, Nans-m
 m.i I r*&lt; Sl-C-i’ie S iiit'i, 03, W-st Br -a I way;
 'ft 'V *-l) irv, &lt;l-i*eu Cou itv; .Mary Har
 ..r ~v Elias D .tv, Mare Ion; Willetts 'K*-e*o,
 i’l i’i, Fli lion Comity William S. Baltimore, Troy;
 I F.’fMatt, IV.iii Van; J. Je.frev. Geneva; F.. L.
 Hitt, B uli.
 U■&lt;oilt: Ist.asp. \mamnev raoie, rmvnlenep.
 I’tnsnvi.v ink. —J. M. M’Ki n, 31, North I* iftli
 Street, l*ml i l-lphia; ii. W. Goi-ie.*, Exelianse
 Fla e, Ditto; B. Boa n.Fittslmroh; vVm. VV liipper,
 Ci! i nlii.; I sic U .(v-rts. Jar ilt 1.. I’a\-», Norris*
 i„ivn, M into i.uery County, Milo A. Townsend,
 New Bsiilitoa.
 Ooi".— "nri-tiaa l) mal ison, Cinr in-v.iti; W at
 soo a i I Caine*, Ditto; V’;ilenti-ie Nirh-.lsoii, Hur-j
 vt-\* .-ira’i, v' .r.en Co.; Sa-nnel Brooke, Salem.
 MICIIICt. '{■.t.ert lll'lk", Detroit.
 Ivmsn. —Joel F. Davis, Economy, V\ayne Co i
Selections.
AMERICAN SLAVERY.
 'l’li.it svhirli is morally wrung call never lx- po* j
 litieally riglit.—Fox.
 We m IB try tlio chtractor ofSlavory
 an 1 duty in regard t&lt;&gt; i as we should
 try any other quest ion of character and
 dit y. To justly of the character!
 of we iiniM know what it does.
 Ti:if tc’iick iigool, djesgood; that tehirhj
 ii evil, evil; Aid astoduty.G id’sdc
 sio is indicate Ins claims. I hat which
 nccotnplis ics the manifest design of
 G &gt;d, is right; that which counteracts
 it. is wrong. Whatever, in its proper
 te idencv and general effect, produces,
 secures or extends Ini-nan weltaie, is
 accordin' to the will of G »d, and is
 g ,d; and our duty is, to favor and pro
 in &gt;te, according to our power, that
 w licit God favors and promotes hy the
 getteial law of his Providence. On the
 other hand, whatever in its proper ten
 dency and general effect, destroys,
 ahrid vs, or renders insecure human
 welfare, is opposed to God’s will, and is
 evil. And as whatever accords with
 the will &lt;&gt;t G .d, in anv manilestation of
 it, should he d me and persisted in, so
 whatever opp »ses ilia! will should not
 he done, and, if done should be aban
 d med.
 Can that, then, he right, he wcll
 d &gt;iug—can that obey God’s behests,
 which makes a man a slave? —which
 d mins him a id all hi-* posterity, in lim
 itless generations, t bondage?—to un
 requited toil, through life?—to tiie will
 of u des mt, —with n purpose of his
 own, and only an *ther sto ruse his ues
 tiny, IVoin the cradle to the graver—
 which nvikes fear the great in »tive of
 his life?—which forbids his interest in
 property, of every kind, making the
 hope of t t-morrow no object of to-day;
 or, if an object at all, one that the fear
 of another’s arbitrary and capricious
 will makes next to none? —which allows
 him no country in whose government
 he can hope for protection —none whose
 g ivermn-Mit as judicially construed is not
 his sworn fie?—which denies him in
 childhood, inanh md, aed old age, a
 voluntary h me, and whatever that full
 w &gt;rd imp &gt;rts?—.vhieh cuts him oti from
 parentage at hisb rth?—which robs him
 of the fixed necessities of his social na
 ture, ahrog iting dom slic relations, and
 forbidding Ihe comfort and solace of a
 wife or children, whatever may betide
 him in this rugged world ?—winch makes
 the body lia.de, without distinction of
 8--X, to the rcsiste-s.l questionless inflic
 tions of a master’s or overseer’s whims
 and cultivated passions! which famishes
 the s ml, seeking to keep the miud ever
 vacant of its proper nourishment, and to
 hold its unmanned possess »r but a step,
 the shortest possible, from the brute?—
 whico takes from him the commonest
 m .live to virtue, and rears on the vvnole
 fou id ui ui of his nature, urgent and
 lasting incentives lo vice? —this makes
 him suspected by, and suspicious ol
 hose for whom he is daily dr ven to toil,
 ond on wh mi, for his coarse allowance
 at provender, he every dav depends?
 w n h te n it* him t pr iwlmg stealth,
 au 11 1 pilfer, as a virtue, wiien not de
 tected, from his master’s store, the
 earnings of his own unpa-d toil? —this
 in-ales him to acquut* .Re longed-for
 boon of freedom, by venturing through
 the most merciless d ingers, or to vin
 dicate his right to it by the broadest
 seul of blood —wiiicli represses the
 upward aspirings of lih nature for im
 lxi •rtality, making a sensual world the
 sphere uud boundary of ins vixiou?
 which keeps from his hands the Word
 of Life, yields to him a reluctant uncer
 ain, unspiritual Sabbath, and aH but
 eaves him without liop« and without
 Ood in the world
THE NORTH STAR.
Can that ruined,empty condition, or
 the liability to such ruin and vacuity,!
 by arbitrary power of a fellow mortal, j
 be right and gmd—the manifest design 1
 -if G *d in the formation and endowment
 of a man, a being not only mortal, but
 1 1 immortal? Can that be right and
 good, be true to God and just to man.
 i which, for no crime against Heaven,
 no ofiVnce to earth but the helpless,
 unmoral color of the skin—perhaps an
 ■indistinguishable shade—dooms a sinzh
 individual of our species to such a corn-,
 binition of outrages on his being?
 which takes even one brother of our fa
 oily to lop and sear, to kill and bury
 i his manhood?—which defacing the iin-
 I age wherein he was created, sinks him
 is near brutality as can make him tha
 contradiction to nature, a profitable,
 contented slave—and then proves, hy
 the depth of his forced degradation, his
 1 incapacity to he a man— his doom of
 G &gt;d to be a slave!
 And if such ruin, or the exposure to
 such ruin of hut one man, of but one
 brother, is displeasing to God, then
 h &gt;w wrong, how offensive to Heaven
 must he that system which so crushes
 millions of human beings at once, and
 multiplies its millions of victims along
 the track of ages! What words can
 tell the inhumanity, the atrocity of that
 doctrine, which from exalted office,
 commends such a crime to the favor of
 Christian nations, as the deliberate
 counsel and practical wi*d &gt;ni of a great
 and enlightened Christian republic!
 What indignation from all the world is
 n.»t due to the government that puts forth
 its strength pr -tect and extend such
 barbarity! Nature abhors it; the age
 repels it; and Christianity needs all
 meekness to forgive it.
 But he who makes man his victim
 sacrifices himself. Our present su
 jeet caun-t dispute this axi-m. We
 must, then, look for the character of
 Slavery and the will of God respecting
 it, beyond, as well as within, itself, j
 If that which works evil to the Slave,
 w -rks evil to the master also, then are
 there two witnesses cited bv Providence:
 to testify against it, and establish its de-!
 linquency. Keeping in memory, then,!
 I the injury done to the Slave, let us now
 examine that which it inflicts on the
 master, and decide whether that s) s
 tom accords with the will of God, which
 works evil to all concerned.
 Can, then, that system be good for
 him who is concerned in it, and there
 fore wisely allowed, cherished, and en
 larged, which, giving nearly unlimited
 responsibile power over a fellow man,
 body and soul, for life, makes it neces
 sary, foe him who is so concerned, to!
 lie educated to its strenuous necessities;
 to its imperious use, and stern excision
 of sympathy? which, to maintain an ad-|
 verse relation, and make it either pro
 fitable or safe, compels him to exact hy
 fear as its main-spring what would
 neither he done or begun.
 Can that system, parcel or part, be;
 good for him wh .uses it, which coere-i
 ing labor and taking away its proper,
 stimulus, makes it shiftless and thrift-;
 less, unprogressive in its meagre skill,;
 and without motive or tendency to itn-1
 provenient by him who yields his sweat j
 for another’s bread?—Can that system
 help him who relies upon it, which tends;
 to his own inaction from want of motive j
 to effort, and which for the security of
 Slavery by the degradation of the
 Slave, makes even the most needful in-!
 dustry disreputable except for a slave,!
 J and thus offers the tempting bounty oi l
 honor to idleness?—can that system bei
 fraught w-ith blessings, or be less than
 a grievous curse, to its dependent, j
 .j wiiich while it abridges industry and
 her rich rewards, not less abridges;
 mind, the richest capital of man? which 1
 makes general education so difficult as
 to he next to impossible and practically
 f hopeless? which, by the mighty unpor
 tance of idleness and ignorance, seals;
 up vast resources of nature, stints the
 useful and the liberal arts, locks up;
 navigation and commerce with the rigor
 of a ceaseless blockade, and thus;
 brands its own forehead with the deep!
 impress of sin, while pertinaciously
 unconscious of the guilt? Can that
 t system a&gt;k the siniie of Heaven oi
 i man, which mist unkindly frowns on!
 t the very earth God made good for man
 —that system which, in addition to thei
 1 other evil it does and the other good it
 h ith hinders and destroys, sett «-s dow n
 1 on a soil ma !e exubt r int hy ages of fer
 tilization, and w ith tapid zeal converts j
 it to be a desola’e waste, compelling its
 owner to forsake it for his life, t.i »ugh,
 before Slavery had wrought it sterile,
 f it bloomed and teemed with the assur-j
 ance of perpetual plenty? Can that
 i fulfil the law of G--d and claim the re-1
 ward of well doing, which, abrogating
 chastity in the Slave, it invites impurity
 in the master, and records the fact in
 the faces of so many of his own progeny*
 doomed for the in.ither’s sint to Slaverv
 in all their generations? Can that be
 Heaven’s girt and man’s gain, which j
 not onlv hinders property, but renders.
 every species of it insecure?—which
 perils life, and most breeds danger
 where safety is in ist coveted? —which
 when it lies down to sleep on its lordly
 couch, invokes the protection of the
 pistol and the bowie knife?—which
 j guards the city from midnight fire hy a
 military patrole and which makes one
 half of all the people safe, if safe al all,
 only by keeping the one part armed
 ,i and the other weaponless, lest the ira
 patient spirit ol liliery assert its fixed
 perogative by the terrors of indiscriuii
 nale slaughter. Re r George Jillcn.
 Calvin’s Cut ten at Geneva. —A travel* j
 lei in Switzerland wrnes from Geneva,“Tha«
 ihc old Gothic Church were Calvin preached
 Dip very sound boards which re-echoed ihe
 i d scussion of ihe Catholic iiioulu with Die
 Reformer*—»» green old age. It i*
 now the principal church in Geneva, and
 t welve pasto* of the cuy officiate m its pulpit
 by turn*.”
RIGHT IS OF NO SEX—TRUTH IS OF NO COLOR—GOD IS THE FATHER OF US ALL, AND ALL WE ARE BRETHREN.
THE FREE CHURCH OF SCOT.
 |P: SEND BACK THE MONEY
 A public meeting was held in the
 Large Room, Broadmead, at Bristol,
 EiMisnd,) some time since, for the
 purpose of receiving from the Free
 Church in Scotland, important infor
 mation bearing on the sufferings of
 large bodies of Christian people in
 Scotland, arising out of the refusal bv
 several large landed proprietors to grant
 sites for the builJing of places of wor
 ship.’ The attendance was but thin at
 first, but the body of the large hall
 afterwards became filled. On the plat
 form with the deputation were the Rev.
 M essrs. Roper, Crisp, G. H. Davis,
 and Ham.
 The Rev. Mr. Crisp having engaged
 in prayer, the Rev. H. 1. Roper took
 the chair. In the course of the pro
 ceedings—
 Mr. R. Norris came forward to ad
 dress the meeting.
 The Chairman inquired if he in
 tended speaking to the resolution.
 Mr. Norris said he did, and com
 menced by expressing his sympathy
 with the general objects of the meeting
 He should have been glad if less had
 been said about toloration,’ because
 he did not hold that any government
 could tolerate in him that which w'as
 his inalienable right (cheqrs.) He also
 thought that if there must be a bill, it
 should provide not only for evangelical
 Christians, but should recognise the
 equal rights of conscience for all de
 nominations, whether Jew’s, Mohamme
 dans, or Pagans. He should, too,
 have liked to have heard a little more
 determination expressed to go to the
 root of the evil, by opposing the in
 famous laws of primogeniture and
 entail. Alter some further observations,
 Mr. N. went on to remark, that it it
 should be found that the Free Church
 had, in an evil hour, sanctioned one of
 the most gigantic systems of wicked
 ness ever known; if it should he found
 that it had sent out a deputation from
 Scotland to the slave States of America,;
 and there, in despite of the warnings
 from the abolitionists, given the right
 hand of its fellowship to avowed slave
 holders, and made collections in
 churches in which slavery was upheld;
 if it should turn out that there eould be
 no doubt that this was a fact, and that
 the Free Chur h had been guilty of
 this grievous error, then it would be
 come that meeting—though it might
 fully and deeply sympathise with it on
 account of the suffering it had under-:
 gone, and though it might give to the!
 Free Church the full meed of praise;
 for the noble sacrifices it had made of
 wealth and of influence—it would, he
 repealed, become them, remembering
 the lessons taught them by Frederick
 Douglass (cheers,) remembering, too,
 the horrible character of slavery itself, j
 and the known fact that, but for the
 countenance given to it hy professing
 Christians, slavery could not endure;
 ,to show themselves honest in their
 I principles, hy declaring that, while they
 sympathised with the Free Church in
 her trouble, they also sympathised with;
 i the millions of their fellow-creatures in
 slavery (cheers.) He called upon them
 honestly to* express their convictions j
 that, in that respect, the Free Church
 had failed in her duty; to warn her to
 withdraw herself from that iniquity,)
 and to send back the money (cheers)
 —the £3OOO, which was the price of
 I human blood an l human wrong (1 md
 cheers.) Mr. Norris proposed that the
 following words he added to the resolu
 lion:—
 ‘That while we thus express our
 i sympathy with the Free Church, we
 foci it to be our duty earnestly to pro
 test against the conduct of that body in
 regard to American slavery, and cs-
 j pecially in soliciting and receiving con-
 I tributions of slaveholders for its support;
 and that we respectfully advise the Free
 Church to send back the money thus
 procured, and no longer to give any
 sanction to a system so abhorrent to the
 spirit of the Christian religion.
 1 This need not at all decrease their
 expression of sympathy for the suffer
 ings of the Free Church, while it would
 express their feelings in regard to the
 wrongs of their fellow-beings who were
 suffering in slavery. He hoped he had
 said nothing unnecessarily offensive;
 he had discharged his conscience, and
 the meeting must deal with the question
 i according to its sense of truth aud jus
 tice (cheers.)
 Mr. H. C. Howells having seconded
 the amendment,
 Toe Rev. G. H. Davis said he felt
 himself placed in an extraordinary posi
 tion—sympathising mo&gt;t deeply wih
 his black brethren across the water,
 feeling that, in season, he would like to
 say and d all he could for th in; feel
 ling, too, that he should be grieved at
 i any tiling which might seem in any way
 ,to countenance that most iniquitous
 system, yet he felt called upon to op
 p«we a course which he feared would
 lead away their sympathies from the
 object of the meeting Let them look
 at the Christian people of Scotland, and
 see them standing upon the cold, wet
 sands, afraid to couie above highwater
 inark, and exposing themselves to the
 stonns ot the At'autic, and let them ask
 themselves, should such things be; and
 then, if they Imd any lear tnat, through
 a division of their sympathies, such
 things would coutmue to be, let them
 be cautious how they did any thing to
 create such divisio i. He questioned
 the wisdom, although he recognised the
 nobility of the amendment of his excel
 lent friend, Mr. Norris H$ did not
 know afiy one that would so rejoice at
 any division as the Duke of Buccleugh
 and his followers, and he did hope that
 it might be avoided. He felt as hearty
 a detesta'.ion ol slavery as any man,
 and he agreed that tha Free Church
ROCHESTER, N. Y., FRIDAY, APRIL 13, 1849.
had not acted quite well in that matter
 (a voice, Let them send back the mo
 ney’); but he thought it would be un
 wise to depart from the special object
 of the meeting, whicn was to bring
 public opinion to bear on those in high
 places (cheers aud hisses.) Mr. Davis
 went on to argue iu this strain, occa
 p sfonally interrupted bv some slight
 J hissing; and he concluded by reminding
 ihe disaffected, that every serpent that
 crawled could hiss, and advising them
 to express their sentiments in a less
 serpentine manner.
 Dr. Begg, before the resolution was
 put, begged to say a few words. They
 were come there for the purpose of con
 sidering a particular point, upon which,
 as far as he could understand, they
 were all agreed; but a new point had
 been introduced, upon which, as he un
 j derstood it, they could not agree. He
 i must, in honesty, tel! them that he did
 not agree, and unless he got new light,
 he could not agree. lii respect to the
 iniquity of slavery, he went all the way
 with them (hear.) He held it to be an
 abomination, wholly irreconcilable with
 every principle of reason and scripture
 (cheers); but then the mode of dealing
 I' with slavery and the slave trade was
 altogether another matter. Let them
 look back to the time when they had
 J slavery in their own colonies; did they
 j excommunicate men because they were
 connected with it? Did they pledge
 I themselves to reject all produce which
 had had connection with slavery, or
 did they do so now, except as far as it
 concerned the Free Church? Was
 there a man who wore a cotton shirt,
 or who took a pinch of snuff, or a whifi
 of tobacco, who did not know it was
 connected with slavery; and was there
 a man who refused the use of those
 arlicles because of that connection?
 (hear.) He had travelled through the
 United States, and the system of slave-
 ry existed in vari ius parts, and w’as
 ramified through all parts, and yet, j
 i would it he denied, that in that couutry
 there were many noble Christian peo
 ple? If th* y were to proceed upon the
 system now promulgated; if they were
 to ask aud examine every man to see if
 lie had any til ng to do with that sys
 tem; if they were to trace the genealo
 gy of every dollar, and reject all w hich
 had been in any way connected with
 slavery, he w uld defy any man to go!
 through America (applause and hisses.)
 Ifthey were to put a man to every
 chapel door to scrutinize every sliil-;
 ling, how could the thing work? The!
 point introduced was one upon which,
 i they must allow the Free Church to
 differ till they had better light, for no
 man could say that the question was so
 simple, so free from difficulty and doubt,
 as at first might appear. He hoped
 there would be no want of unity, be-
 I cause they could not quite agree upon
 the question of which was the best way
 to overthrow slavery, hut, however j
 much he valued the good opinion of.
 others, lie had made too many sacrifices
 for the sake of the truth to be driven j
 I into a course he could not approve.;
 The church in Scotland had testified to
 the churches in America, that they
 were guilty of a great dereliction of!
 duty in not using their most strennous
 1 efforts to put down the abominable sys
 -1 tem, and they hoped that it would soon
 have an end. The reverend doctor
 concluded by reminding the meeting
 1 that the non-conformists of the three
 kingdoms stood in a most perilous posi-i
 tion, and that there never was a period
 when there was greater need of a com
 plete union.
 Mr. Crighton admitted that the posi
 tion of the southern States ot America
 was a most equivocal one, and that,;
 after the remonstrances of the Free
 Church, they stood in a different posi
 tion from that which they held when
 the deputation was sent out. He had
 i in his heart as great an abomination ot
 slavery as anyone; but he differed as
 1 to the best mode of abolishing it, and
 believed that the extreme abolitionists
 had tak&amp;n an injudicious course, and
 that they kept Lack the good work. He
 gave Mr. Norris all credit for good in
 tention, hut he questioned the policy ot
 I his proceeding, which he considered l
 powerfully calculated to strengthen the
 course taken by the Duke of Buccleugh i
 I and their persecutors iu Scotland (hear
 aud no.)
 Mr. Norris came forward to reply,
 i but was interrupted by the Chairman, j
 .land by mingled applause and cries ofj
 j sit dow-n.’
 I The Chairman said, when he asked;
 Mr. Norris if hi-’* speech referred to the
 motion which had been read, he replied
 that it did. He (the Chan man) did
 juot consider the introduction of a totally;
 rew topic into the bu-iness of the even
 ing a fair carrying out of the statement
 which Mr. Norris then made (applause,
 i and disapprobation.) Had he been
 aware that a new topic was to have
 I been introduced, lie should have re
 i signed the chair, and for this reason—
 that he did not consider it right, gener
 ous, or just, where a meeting had been
 called for a specific object, to introduce'
 some other object (cheers and oh.) He
 begged to enter his protest against a
 practice which, not right in itself, had
 of late made public meetings a by-,
 word and an object of reproach. They
 would give up oue of the strongholds j
 of their liberty, and would be allowing
 the platform of public meetings to slide
 from under their feet, if they allowed,
 topics to be introduced for discussion
 different from those for which the meet
 ‘,„as were held; and be must repeat
 that bad he been aware that Mr. Norms
 was not going to speak to the resolu
 tion, he should Lave the chair, i
 The course taken had altogether weak
 ened the influence of the meeting; and
 what must be iu effect upon the depu
 tation? They were men like them
 selves, with feelings and passions i
r capable of being raised or depressed
 and would they be likely, after wha
 had taken place, to go forth encou
 t; raged or discouraged? (bear, and ‘Lei
 them send back the money.*) The
 i, mischief would not merely lie in wbai
 5J would appear in the public papers, bui
 it would be more deeply seated; it would
 t weigh down the hearts of those who
 r were required to go forth as the cham
 pions of religious freedom. He con
 i sidered that Mr. N"rris had done wrong,
 and whether he should be heard again
 must be determined by the meeting.
 m The Chairman then put it to the
 j meeting whether Mr. Norris should be
 l again heard, add the show of hands
 numbered about three to one against
 hearing him.
 ij Mr. Norris, amidst some interrup
 tion, called upon the press to record his
 protest against the chairmanship of that
 I night.
 The amendment was than put, and
 having been rejected by about the same
 majority as on the previous division,
 i the original motion was adopted,
 i A collection was then made, but we
 I I are informed that only £3 7s. was
 raised.
 i j
 EXTRACTS
 From a pamphlet entitled, Libtna—the Condition and
 Prospect» oj that Republic, made from actual ob
 servation.” By ElderS.S. Ball.
 The climate of ihc Country. —At the
 time of my arrival, it was early in the
 rainy season, or African winter, which
 commences about the latter part of the
 month of April, and lasts about six
 months. I did not find the weather so
 hot there, as I have felt it in the States
 at the same season. The thermometor
 stood generally at 80deg., and there
 were constantly fine sea aud land
 breezes blowing; but notwithstanding it
 did not seem so hot there, as we often
 feel it here. The sun seemed to have
 a different effect upon a person there,
 to what it has in this country. It is re
 garded dangerous for any one to walk
 out without an umbrella over him, from
 nine o’clock in the morning until four
 o’clock in the afternoon. This, I sup
 pose, is owing to the situation of Li
 beria, as it lies in G deg. 19 min.,
 North latitude. I was told by some of
 its citizens that the thermometor never
 stands higher than 93 deg. in the driest
 or summer season, but averages about
 SG deg. the summer through. The
 rams there, during the winter season,
 i are not so incessant as wholly to pre
 vent its inhabitants from attending to
 business. It is seldom, lam told, that
 a person cannot work half a day dur
 ing the rainy season. As to tne dis
 eases of the country, I do not think
 them so complicated and various as in
 our own country. With regard to the
 African fever, it is a disease that is not
 considered very dangerous, where the
 patient can have proper medical attend
 i ance, comfortable lodgings, nursing,
 and nourishment; but where this cannot
 be had, it is regarded as a most maiig
 i riant disease. As to other diseases, I
 believe that colds are the most that the
 people suffer with.
 Soil. —l take the tends in Mes
 surado county, rs a fair sp c men of the
 lands throughout the Republic, except
 in Grand Rassa county, which I think
 is better for coffee. The following
 description I think essentially correct,
 though some of it seems tome rather
 highly drawn. It is in the languaage
 of a distinguished, resident—the Rev.
 Hilary Teage. ‘‘The soil where Mon
 rovia is situated, is sterile, comprised
 principally of detritus, and the remains
 of decayed vegetable matter. This
 soil is very shallow, and rests on a sub
 i stratum of solid rock. The Cape,
 therefore, is not at ail adapted to agri
 cultural pursuits. Leaving this, and
 proceeding up St. Paul’s river, you
 come to soil on either side of the river,
 (to the distance I have traveled, about
 fifteen miles,) as fertile, and as fat and
 productive, as any to be found on the
 face of the earth. Ido not mean to say
 that there are no barren spots or
 marshes. These are to be found in all
 other countries. But I take a general
 view of the whole face of the country.
 Reflection upon one fact will attest the
 truth of what I say. The w hole face
 of the country is covered with a dense
 forest. Nature here robes herselt in
 her mantle of green twice every year.
 Of ourse, the earth must, twice each
 year, groan under the burden of leaves,
 and other vegetable substances, which
 1 these semi-annual falls impose upon it.
 i These, under the actiou of heavy dews
 by night, and heat hy day, are soon de
 composed, and return a large contri
 bution to feed the soil.”
 Agricultural improvement*.—As to the
 improvement in Agriculture, it is as far
 as could reasonably be expected, under
 the same circumstances. It must be
 recollected, however, that there are no
 horses, asses, mules or oxen, at work
 there. All the farming operations art
 carried on with the hoe and such like
 implements. I saw but one horse in all
 the Republic, and he was a mere skel
 i eton. The experiment has been tried
 of importing horses from the interior,
 and the Windward, and the United'
 States; and they have all died in going
 through the acclimation; but I was in
 formed by Gen. Lewis, that they wert*
 about getting a horse from the Leeward,
 that would stand their climate. As to
 cows, sheep, goats, and hogs, they
 could have them in abundance, if more
 attention was paid to that branch of
 husbandry.
 Production*. These farms as a gen
 eral thing, were producing in abun
 dance all the vegetable and fruits indi
 fenuous to that country; such as rice,
 ndian corn, cassada, sweet potatoes,
 cabbage, beans, pumpkins, tomatoes,
 cucumbers, melons of different kinds,
 arrow root, penper, sugar cane, and
 cotton. All of these require cultivation.
'Of Fruits there are the orange, sou
 sops, paw paw, mango, plumb, pun
 i apples and cocoa nut-*. These also re
 quire cultivation. The coffee grow
 tine there, and fields abundantly and o
 a very fine quality. The palm trr.
 grows spontaneously, out of which i&gt;
 produced the palm oil, pahn wine, th*
 palm cabbage, and the palm butter.
 Buildings. —The h* uses are con
 structed generally of stone, brick, m
 frame. In Monrovia, the State house
 and Methodist, Baptist and Prcsbyte
 rian churches, besides two oilier edi
 fices for school jmrposcs, are all o
 stone. The President’s house and hke
 wise Judge Benedict’s, are of brick
 The wealthy people about Monrovia
 and throughout the Republic, as a gen
 eral thing, live in good houses; but
 among the poorer inhabitants, you may
 find riohv houses const meted after the
 African style of bamboo and thatch.
 Style of' tiring. —The style of living
 among the wealthy colonists is very
 fine. This of course, is attended with
 considerable expense, which the poor
 cannot support; and in addition to this,
 they have just as many servants as they
 wish, and there seems to be as much
 distinction made between the rich and
 poor there, as there is in this country
 among ‘.he whites. This causes many
 I who go to that country to be greatly
 disappointed: as they are led to believe,
 before leaving here, that they would
 be recieved with open arms, and placed
 upon an equality with the very best
 families in Liberia; and they would be
 i in a few years be promoted to office,
 &amp;c., irrespective of any quaiilienti ns
 to move in this style, or till those lli
 ces. But this is not the case. In every
 such instance let the truth be told.
 Say to the poor and ignorant, such as
 the great majority of those wh go there
 are: you will there be allowed to exer
 cise the elective franchise; but after
 this, ail will depend upon your qualifi
 cations; and in this respect Liberia is
 generally considered aristocratic.
 Religion. —ln point of rcligio in Mon
 rovia, there are three churches—Meth
 odist, Baptist and Presbyterian. Com
 municants in the Baptist church, 1 TO;
 Elder Boston Drayton, pastor. In the
 Methodist church, 150; Rev. James S.
 Payne, pastor. In the Presbyterian
 church, II; Rev. Harrison W. Kilts,
 pastor. These churches are all sup
 plied with pastors from the different
 Missionary Soci ties in this c» untry,
 except that ofthc Methodists, of which
 I know nothing. With respect
 morals of the people, they seerneu i&lt;&gt; be
 good. I never heard less profane lan- i
 guage, or saw less intemperance, in
 1 the same length of time, in all my life.
 As to Sabbath school*, they are gen
 erally good. In Monrovia, there is a
 school in each church. in the Baptist
 church in the morning, they hold one
 for the American children, of about
 j thirty scholars; ten of them native chil
 dren. There is also one one in the
 Methodist church, in the morning, for
 American children, of about forty scho
 lars; and in the afternoon, for natives
 lof about eighty scholars. There is also
 l one in the Presbyterian church, for
 American children, under the superin
 tcndance of B. V. R. James; number
 of scholars 75. Sunday schools are
 taught generally in every settlement.
 Day school3. —'l hey have two day
 sc cols in Monrovia, for American chil
 dren— »me taught by B. V'. R. James,
 of about seventy scholars, under the
 patronage of a Society of Presbyterian
 ladies, in the city of New York; and
 I one taugat by Mr. Stewart, o! about
 i twenty scholars. 1 iiere was no school
 1 for natives in Monrovia while I was
 there. There had been one under the
 superintend,ince ol the Hon. J. B. Gri
 pon, deceased, but it was suspended.
 There are good common schools taught
 throughout the Republic for American
 children, hut there is no high school in
 tail Liberia. Gentlemen who wish to
 give their children more than a com
 mon English education, have to send
 them to Europe or America.
 Condition of the JVatives. —There are
 a great many natives in and adjacent
 ito all the towns and settlements that 1
 j visited thr &gt;ughout the Republic They
 j roaui about in their country dress and
 look contented and happy. Some are
 engaged in loading and unloading ships,
 others in fishing; and others in rai-ing
 rice and cas«ada; while you see those
 from the interior packing down upon
 their heads, their palm oil, ivory, and
 'camwood, to trade with the colonists
 Tnere are others also who seek employ
 j ment aunm" the colonists, at the low
 rate of £*-2 00 per ruout i and found.
 J Titese all are reckoned as a pait of the
 .population of Liberia, although they
 j are not regarded as citizens. They alt
 as a general thing adhere to their coun
 try customs All difficulties ar.su g!
 among them.*e!ve», are settled by then
 1 palaver; and ttiey all adhere to then
 greegrees, and their plurality of wives J
 I which number from two to twenty, and:
 j even more if the circumstances of the
 i man will admit it. Such as have the
 most wives, are called the wealthiest
 men. They are called by them propei
 *rich men. They also adhere to the
 I custom of requiring of s -me one to take
 sas-awo *d tea fry ry person that ties, j
 When any one dies, they go to the doc-'
 tor or grand greegiee-man to know
 who to make witch for that man or wo- j
 man who died. He fixes the gui t
 upon some one, and prescribes tin j
 amount of sasswood tea he is to take i
 They go and lake him, and give him tin
 tea. He drink* it, and if he is guilty I
 it kills turn: if he survives it, he wa
 inuoceut. But it generally ensues n j
 death. But there is another cla-s, win t
 live in the families of the colonists, and j
 are bound to them for a term of Tr r l i
 Some arc recaptured Africans taken oil I
 the Pons. They are of the Cong tribe, j
 There are others from the tribes wiliun
JOHN PICK, Pc atom a.
WHOLE NO. 6k.
1 ,e Fhes*o are bound under
 *hat is railed the apprentice system.
 1 rn n«"rt'd how long th*&gt; term of their
 service was, and learned that the Con
 had to serve seven years. I asked
 d they were bound to educate them,
 liiry told me they were n«»t, unless
 hev choose to; but when there was a
 •alive school convenient they generally
 e,,t them. I asked them if they would
 &gt;ot lie admitted into the schools with
 American children. They said no: for
 I hey wrre heathens and not considered
 i HO *thy; and that you could not get a
 native child into any colonist school in
 Monrovia. Nearly all the wealthy peo-
 I about Monrovia have from ten to
 fifteen of these hound natives about
 j their premises. They wear with, but
 few exceptions, nothing but a row bold,
 a piece of cloth about a yard square.)
 during the week; bm If the Sabbath
 they have a flimsy suit of cotton clothes
 to wear Sunday School. At church
 they sit together in the rear of the con
 gregation; ami in no instance did l see
 a native take a seat by the side of a
 i colonist. About their houses, these
 nati\cs do nil the menial service; such
 as packing wood and water, and cook
 ing, and waiting about the house.
 I was quite disgusted, on rny first ar
 rival there, to find so many naked peo
 ple on the shores of Africa; but what
 do you suppose must have been my
 feelings, when I saw them in this state
 in civilized and Christian families, and
 even in the families of ministers and
 some of their missionaries We have
 i been told in this country, ofthc salutary
 influence the colonists were exerting
 over the natives by a residence among
 them, flow sadly was I disappointed,
 when I saw the situation of these poor
 natives anlong the colonists; looked
 down upon as their inferiors, and of
 course their children regard them in
 j the same condition. I asked a partic
 ular friend of mine, if their people could
 not he induced to treat them better:
 He told me no; that it would not do to
 treat them better; that if you did it
 would make them insolent and saucy,
 and that they would rise and cut their
 throats and that of their wives and chil
 dren. As to amalgamation among the
 native Africans and Americans, there
 need he hut little fears; such is the pre
 judice existing between tin m, that I was
 informed that there had been hut two or
 three matches of thut character since
 the settlement of the colony.
 (‘1 ohr conlMUr'l.y
 ..oMESTEAU IN MASSACHUSETTS.
 The Judiciary Committee of the
 Massachusetts House of Representa
 tives has been directed by that hotly to
 enquire into the expediency of provid
 ing by law for the exemption of the
 Honie.-tead from sale under execution
 fur debt.
 Homestead Exemption is fast be
 coming flic sentiment of the country.
 It will still he resisted for a tune, per
 haps for years, by the conservative
 feelings of Legislatures, and tea- on
 the part of business men that it will
 operate unfavorably in the collection
 of debts. Enlightened Christian law
 i givers, however, must sooner or later
 1 come to the conclusion that it is unwise,
 if not barbarous, to strip even the home
 that covers them, the wife and clnldrt n
 of the man whose indiscretions or inis
 fortune have immersed him in debt;
 i and sagacious business men, it seems
 to us, cannot fail finally to perceive,
 that fo take than a debtor a.I he has, to
 knock from under his leet the last
 plank he stands upon—to cast out into
 the streets, moneyless and shelterless,
 the wile of his bosom and the children
 of his love—is the surest way of all hi
 which completely to unman him, npd
 the least certain of any to inspire him
 anew with the energy and ambition
 that are necessary to set him to work
 again, and the feeling that will induce
 him to exert every nerve to accumulate
 ne w earnings and pay off old debts.—
 Cincinnati Liazctte.
 Bonapart.Js Habits.—Hi., partiality
 for the bat It he mistook tor a necessity.
 He would usually remain m hath two
 j hours, during which time I used to read
 to him exh acts from the journals and
 j pamphlets of the day, tor he was anx
 ious to hear and know all that was
 going on. W bile in the balii he was
 continually turning on (lie warm water
 to raise temperature; so that I was
 s metimeg enveloped in such a dense
 vapor, that I could not see to read; and
 was obliged to open the door, liona
 part wa« exceedingly temperate and
 aveise to al exc« His flattereis,
 probably under the idea that sleep is
 j incompatible with greatness, have evm
 ‘c&lt; d an equal disregard of tiuth in
 speaking ol his night watching. Ilona
 part made others watch, but he himself
 1 dept, and slept well. His orders were
 that I should call him every morning at
 seven. I wa therefore, the first to
 enter his chamber; but very frequently,
 when I awoke him, lie would turn him
 self and sav, “Ah, Rotirnenne, let me
 sleep a little longer.”—When thne
 was no very pressing business, I did
 1 not disturb Inm again till eight o’clm k.
 —He g enerallv slept seven hours out
 lof the twenty-four, besides faking a
 i shoit nap in the afternoon.
 Aiming the private instructions which
 ft naparfc gave me, one wa# very cu«
 *i*»uw.—-“During the night,' said he,
 enter tnv chamber as seldom as p&lt;»si
 de. Do not awake me when you have
 omd news to cmninnnicate.with that
 ftjeie is no hurry; hut when you bring
 m e bad new*, rosue me instantly, for
 -ben there i* no moment to be lost.”
 t his a wise regulation, and Bora
 ,arte found Ins advantage in it.-~£otir-
 Unnt'n Memoir!.
 Tfli excesses of our youth are drafts uf
 undd ajc. payable wi.h totcresi, about 3#
 after dale.
