Notices.
 riFTFENTM \M\I Al. MEF.TIW
 i»» THt
 UIKRIUN I. S. soil i: TV.
 IV FimeniTfi the
 American Amt-Slavery Society will be held
 in the Tabernacle, Brn.dway, New York, on
 Tucdax* I*' 1 lh da Ma&gt; neX,
ntv. r!*arv at the Tabernacle repre
 fo the country at large the pruffra», the
 •fficienev. a- &lt;1 even the existence, of the Anti
 ’!i'« rv cmusc. It is to vast number-; of peo
 jde the only sign of the continued zeal and
 spirit of the Abolitionists, whose local meet
 mgs tiwv never hear of.
 The Business Meetings ot tin* S&lt;*cieiy
 have always brought together in counsel a
 larger number of Abolitionists from various
 parts of the Northern States than is ever con
 vened on any othei occasion. The general
 interests of the cause command, at that time,
 a consideration which at no other can Ire given
 them.
 It has never, since the formation of the
 society, been more apparent than at this mo
 ment, that the Anti-Slavery cause is left
 w here it ever has been, in the hands of the
 members &lt;&gt;f the American Society. There is
 as yet no reason to suppose that Slavery will
 ever be abolished except through its efforts.
 The general importance of the Annual
 Meeting, and the aspect of the cause at this
 moment, which gives us every thing to hope
 tor if we persevere,—everything to fear if
 we falter—appeal alike loudly to Abolitionists,
 all over the land,to make the ensuing Annual
 Meeting of the American Anti-Slavery Socie
 ty one that shall do more even than any pre
 vious one has done to drive the South to
 despiir in defence of its felonious system of
 society, and the North to a more determined
 attitude than any portion of it has evei yet
 ventured to assume in defence of its own
 right?, and the assertion of the rights of the
 *’ave.
 WM. LLOYD GARRISON, Prest.
 Wkm dell Phillips,
 S 11. Gay.
 t lose of the Session.— Mr. Giddings*
 Account.
 On the evening of the 7th ult.-. Mr. Giddmge
 made an address to the people of Warren. We
 copy the following from the Chronicle.
 Mr. Gtddmgs noticed the passage of the
 bill to pay Pacheco for his slavp; said anothei
 such a victory would have been agreat defeat.
 After it went to the .Senate it was laid on the
 table and there suffered to remain; its southern
 champions were afraid to bring it up. It did
 not become a law. But we must pass to an
 account of the close of the session. This was
 the most interesting.
 The bill for the Territorial government in
 California, that was reported under the in
 struction of Boot's resolution was taken up
 and passed with the Proviso in. The Senate
 did not act on it, hut took up the civil and di
 plomatic bill—attached thereto Walker’s
 amendment—passed it, and sent it to the
 House. This amendment, it is thought, was
 penned by Calhoun, it extended the Reve
 nue Laws ot the Tinted States over tiie terri
 tories of California and New Mexico, and in
 so many words recognized the coast wise slave
 trade. Under this provision the slave-holders
 would introduce their slaves into the territory,
 and would claim its authority to hold them,
 and judges in the territory would sustain the
 claim, holding, as they would be compelled to,
 that the right to introduce them would give
 them the right and authority to hold them
 after they got there. That Southern men
 were intending to make a stand, and were de
 termined to make the North yield as usual.
 Mr. Giddirigs said the Free Suffers were ex
 pecting this, hut they were not ready to expect
 or believe, that Northern men had pledged
 themselves to sustain and carry it through.
 On Saturday the measure was disscussed in
 the Committee of the Whole, and in tlie after
 noon a recess was had. On the coming in of
 ttie House at half past 0 in the evening, the
 Southern men boldly asserted that they could
 carry it, and that they had got enough of
 Northern men pledged to cany it through.
 They went so far as to name the men. The
 Free Soil men went and appealed to them—
 Arc you prepared to vote for the measure?”
 Mr. Giddings said they were perfectly astoun
 ded to hear the reply that they would—that
 they would go fur it rather than tire public
 officers should lad to get their salaries. At
 this stage of the matter they w ere almost com
 pelled to give up iff! hope. Mr. G. said he
 might as well tell the whole truth, which was
 that the Free Soil men had pledged them
 selves to each other, to prevent its passage at
 ail hazards; that they were prepared to make
 motions, call ayes and noes, &amp;c., until the
 session should expire by its own limitation;
 that they were preurared to go with Gen.
 Wilson of New Hampshire, and see the
 wheel of government slop and stand still; to
 *ee the Union dissolved; yea, to see the uni
 verse itself dissolved, rather than see slavery,
 wrong and injustice, extended ovci our terri
 tory now free—to sec freedom abolished and
 slavery established in its stead. Who is there
 to say aught against this glorious Spartan
 resolution? Who is there who does not, in
 their feelings—in their consciences—in liieir
 hearts, and soul, respond to their resolution,
 and say Amen.”
 The discussion commenced. Speeches
 were made; excitement was up and getting
 higher, when Richard W. Thompson, a son
 •f peace-maker, offered an amendment, tlje
 effect of which was to strike out Walker’s
 amendment and insert his own. In his propo
 sition, was a proviso to recogonize and con
 tinue in force the laws of these territories—
 which exclude slavery. The men w r ho had
 pledged themselves to Walker’s amendment,
 now supported this amendment of Thomp
 son's. It carried by four majority. Alter i
 Walkers amendment was stricken out, it
 could not again he inserted. This was not
 perceived by the friends of ilic amendment
 until it was too !at**, and when they saw their
 miataka, they were thunderstruck. The
 amendment ol I hompsou was of no impor
 tance, except that clause making binding the
 laws ol Mexico within the territory. Thus,
 by a Legislative trick was Übern preserved
 m the territories; thus was ti, e scheme to ex
 tend slavery prevented. The danger to which
 the north was exposed was most imminent
 It was sought to he carried through at the
 close of the session, hymen who had be r
 rejected by their constituents ami could expert
 no favors, and by means of attaching n to Un
 civil and Diplomatic Bill w inch the ongtess
 were expected to pass at all events. Such
 means were not only resorted to, b t all i|,
 influence, personal and Official, of the la*
 Executive-, and the influence, personal ai d
 official, of Gen. Taylor, was brought to beai
 to produce the result, ics; notwithstanding
 tiie Aliiaon letter and the pretended pledge*.
 afGen. Taylor to leave all questions of legis
 lation entirely to long res., he wa# found
 p"iv.msl!T urging members of f long res* t.
 paka W alker’s amendment thro’, attached as
 it was to the appropriation bill. The first
 movement of the last friend ol the Wilmot
 Rajviau, alter he had arrived at out nation t
 capital, was to give h.s personal influence to a
 measure, the effect of which was to extend
 slavery. Oh, when will the nation recover
 from tins deep and damning stain*
 Mr. Gidduiga said at thi&amp; victory—(lie first
 me ever achieved over the elavc power,—the
 hree Sod men “felt good.” They congratu
 lated each other upon the result. and general
 icjotcmg was the order of the evening
At about 11 o'clock tbe&amp;ll was Meat to the
 Senate with the Senate amendment stirckcn
 nut amf Thomjpcoo’a inserted. The Free
 Soil members of the House left their seats to
 witness the result. There was fun in the
 ''cnaie. Grave Senators looked amazed, and
 talked loudly about vindicating the dignity and
 honor of the Senate. The Southern mem
 ben looking bad. dejected, and vented their
 &gt;pleen most beautiful. But they could do
 nothing. Webster came out, and for the first
 time in his life, spoke for Freedom and Hu
 manity. The Senate, after wrangling all
 night, receded from its amendment, and the
 bill was passed and became a law, as ongmal
 fv passed bv the House.
 The Protect ion llemkug.
 Horace Greeley, to us, is the greatest of
 all riddles. An ingenious, ciphering, mailer
 of fact man, with strongly humane tendencies,
 quite radical as a reformer in some direc
 tions, yet sticking like a very manyrto the
 shallowest of all humbugs that the strong or
 the cunning ever got up lor the plundering of
 the wealthy or the simple. In two or three of
 his last Tribunes be has been pouncing upon
 a free trade book written by a Mr. Barhydt.
 It has not been our good fortune to see that
 book, and we have no means of judging whe
 ther it is as good as the prodigious fluttering
 of the Tribune would seem to indicate. It is
 really time for a good book on this subject.
 Talk of the light and intelligence of this
 age* When we take up a widely circulated
 paper, and especially the Tribune, famed for
 its earnest advocacy of reform, and its aspira
 tions after (he good time coming, arid find in
 it all the antiquated man traps of old Hunker
 ism, furnished and published and presented as
 new, presuming upon an indefinite fnnd of
 stupidity and gullibility in the enlightened
 public, and that not without some reason, we
 feel flat.—Suuly, if such arrant nonsense,
 folly and trash can ride uiumphantly on the
 coming top wave of the intelligence of the
 nineteenth century,there is no use of sense,
 truth, mathematics. Logic, observation, phi
 losophy may as well be thrown to the dogs.
 Welcome cant. Welcome humbug. Wel
 come quackery. Let us shut our eyes, open
 our mouths, and swallow the pills that come
 with the largest puffs’
 Tariff or no tariff—when the miserable
 pick-pocket policy was screwed to the highest,
 or when it was let down slack by its great
 compromising champion—American home in
 dustry has been going rapidly foward. The
 only effect of the tariff has been to disturb its
 steadiness, and aid the rich, grasping capital
 ists to the injury of the humbler men and es
 i tablishments. Had there never been a tariff
 I of any sort, except a port duty for the benefit
 of sick and disabled mariners, who believes
 1 that our home industry would not now be
 equal in amount and wider, safer and more
 democratic in its basis than it is now? \V e
 hold that to be just as certain as it is that corn
 will grow in Ohio in the summer season.
 1 better in the open air ihan it will under glass
 and more profitably at any season.
 Greeley lias never yet been able to deny
 that if the tariff policy is gon for our country
 at large, it is good for our particular states;
 and to be consistent, he ought, like that “great
 unknown” political economist of our Boston
 .Signal, to advocate a system of Stale Tariffs,
 by which each state may protect its industry
 against that of its 20 sister states. Let his
 charity begin at home. Perhaps he would
 do well first to apply it to his own village.:
 Let him construct a commercial coffer-dam
 around the island of Manhattan, so as to pro
 tect its worthy manufacturers of cigars, pig
 tail and honeydetv, and a thousand other
 choice city products, from the rival industry
 of Brooklyn, WilliamsSurgh and Jersey city.
 It is absurd to suppose that a great principle
 of the production of wealth, is going to be
 turned out of employment by sinking Europe,
 Asia, and Africa, or annexing them to the
 United States., —Boston Chronolypt.
THE NORTH STAR.
ROCHESTER, APRIL 13, 1*49
Editorial Correspondence.
 Syracuse, April 9th, 1849.
 My Dear Friends—l have just time to let
 you know of my where-abouts, and to say a
 word of my Meetings thus far. My first was
 held at Seneca Falls, in the Wesleyan Chap
 el. I found Mr. Phillips the minister, as usual
 on hand, warmly interested, and ardently la
 boring to promote the cause. At tire time
 appointed, the house was crowded with a very
 respectable audience, all apparently anxious
 to hear, and to be instructed. With such an
 audience, and such a subject, it was impossi
 ble to be cold and lifeless. The meeting con
 tinued for more than two ho.urs. At the close
 1 obtained eight subscribers to the North Star.
 Thursday I went to Auburn. Through the
 kind agency of my friend, E. Capron, a meet
 ing had been appointed for me, in the old
 Fniversalist church, for that evening. The
 house is small, and was well filled. I
 have no doubt that good was done by the
 meeting. Auburn has long been accounted
 bard soil for anti-slavery truth, but to my
 mind, there are few places where a more
 generous hearing will be extended to an anti
 slavery laborer. On Friday my kind friend
 J. W. Quincy, hired a carriage, and took me
 to my next appointment, at*Skanealeles.
 Here, too, a large audience greeted me, and
 gave me a respectful hearing. Skaneateles
 has greatly improved in its tone, on the sub
 ject of Slavery, since I visited that town, four
 years ago. It had the appearance of a real
 slave-holding town,»in which the black man
 could not enter, without being assailed by j
 thoughtless boys, and brutal young men, whol
 seemed to take delight in manifesting disrc-i
 sped and contempt, for what in sheer rude-'
 ness they called a nigger. We passed through
 the village this time, without meeting any of
 the usual marks of semi-barbarism, that for
 merly distinguished that town. Much of this
 change was wrought by that fast, faithful, and
 noble friend of the slave, now gone to his rest,
 James Canning Fuller, who iu early anti-sla
 very times was several limes mobbed on ac-1
 count of bis abolition principles and practice.!
 Hut he is new gone to his rest. It was sad to j
 be there without his presence, to cheer and
 encourage me in the good work to which he
 was devoted; yet it was grateful, to fierceive
 that what he achieved lived after him. 1 was met
 at Skaneateles by David Spalding, from Bor
 odino, who'kindlv came to convey me from the
 burner to the latter ot my appointments, and
 alter meeting, he took mein bis wagon, and
 loot In me on to lus house, eight miles toward
 Barodino. The meeting was held iu the
 Methodist church, and was well attended.
 J'nat on Sunday, was held in the Baptist
 church, and was equally well attended. My
 visit iu Borodino was a very pleasant one.
 Mr. .Spalding and family know well how to
 make the weary stranger at home, and I left
 fe« ling grateful for’th. sr kind attentions, and
 the aid they mutually rendered rue. The
 anti-slavery lecturer need never fear to l
 go to the home of David Spalding for though
 unpretending, and in humble ctrcumsuuces,
 he lakes sincere pleasure m lending a helping
 hand to all devoted laborers in ibis cause.
 There is a meeting appointed f«»x me tin*
evening, in i be Googrefationil chunk, ofthis
 i place. («u will pwteire that all my meeting*
 •ho* far .hare taken place ia churches. Thi* I
 j uke to be a hopeful atga of the times. A few
 months ago it was difficult to get the doers of
 the church on this subject; and it may be so
 still in most places, but thus far on my tour,
 meetings have bees held ia ehurehes, without
 a single exception.
 T ant now, at the house of my esteemed
 friend. Samuel J. May.
 Vours sincerely, F. D.
 Respecting «he meeting at Syracuse
 Mr. May says.
 Dear Sir—l am happy to say, that we had
 a very large_ audience on last evening, and
 j Mr. Douglass addressed them, An more than
 an hour, in a very able manner. I hare some
 times heard from him passages of greater
 eloquence, but never a discourse that was so
 well sustained throughout aa this. He has
 just left my house for New York. S. J. M
 Domestic Economy.
 Under the head of Domestic Economy, we
 I intend to continue such articles as pertain to
 the business enterprise of our people; sod
 i although this properly belongs to another
 classification, we prefer Uf treat it under the
 above head, as it, connectedly, belongs to the
 subject of domestic economy, as adduced by
 us.
 In adducing the following subject, we do
 not intend to treat it elaborately, aa this we
 shall do in another place, but design, barely,
 to correct a long established error, and te
 move, what is to our people an insurmounta
 ble difficulty, thereby clearing away the bar
 rier, and dispelling the gloom, in which we
 have been so long enshrouded, as the greatest
 j obstacles to our elevation.
 Prayer, we are taught, is all-sufficient for
 all things. This, we also assure our readers
 is not the case. Never was there a grosser,
 or more palpable absurdity; and the writer of
 this is perfectly willing to hazard his reputa
 tion, for the good of his brethren, and run the
 risk of being branded by bigots and hypocrites
 as a sceptic and infidel, in giving this a positive
 contradiction. It may be orthodox, so to be
 lieve, but it is not in accordance with common
 sense, —it may be enjoined as revelation, bat
 it is at variance with truth, and contrary to
 reason and fact.
 There are three distinct laws by which God
 rules the destinies of man these are the spir
 itual law, the moral law, and the physical
 law. These laws are as immutable, as inva
 riable as God himself, and without a strict
 conformity to one or the other, nothing can
 be effected. All that is, or can be, must be
 done in accordance with, and can only be of
 the same nature of the-law, to which it con
 forms. Hence, a physical, or temporal end,
 cannot be attained by a spiritual means. Nor
 can a spiritual end be attained by a physical
 means.
 There is no effect without a cause, and
 every cause must be adequate to the effect
 produced. Therefore, there can be no end
 without a means, and every means used must
 be adequate to the end to be attained. Thus
 a barrel of flour requires a man, or person of
 certain strength, to lift it, without which force
 or power, it could not be raised the force or
 power applied, is the means, and the barrel of
 flour the end to be attained, in this case.
 Hence the means, were equal to the
 end. The barrel of flour had to be lifted—a
 certain force was necessary, a child, or weak
 -1 ly person could not have done it—nothing
 could have accomplished it, but which was
 equal to the task. In like manner, are all
 things effected, or accomplished—means and
 ends equal to each other.
 Prayer is a spiritual means, used in confor
 mity to the spiritual law, and can only be in
 strumental in attaining a spiritual end this,
 we wish to be distinctly understood, and no
 thing ever was, ever can, or evfer will be ef
 fected by it, but that which.w spiritual. The
 physical wants, nor temporal demands of man
 ever can be supplied by it. “Infidel!” you
 cry. But stay, good brother, say we, “truth
 is mighty, and will prevail ;”yes,
 “Truth crushed to earth, shall rise again,
 The eternal years of God are hers;
 While error wounded, writhes fn pain,
 And dies amid her worshippers.”
 All miracles were wrought for spiritual
 purposes—to show' and establish the power
 of God, to those who doubted and disbelieved;
 and not, in any case, to supply the temporal
 or physical wants of man. Miracles, being of
 i that order of God's ordinances, beyond the
 comprehension of man, and altogether spirit
 ual in their tendency, we shall not spend time
 1 in treating of them, in this place.
 We are told, that Christ taught us to pray
 1 “Give us this day, our daily bread,” &amp;c.,and
 and that this, or some other prayer is neces
 sary, to the attainment of our bread, or what
 ever else we desire.
 Tiiis is also a mistake —an awkward blun
 der in our .Scriptural exponents, and theologi
 cal demonstrators, albeit, as Christians, we
 hold that mau should, at all times, that is
 daily, return or give thanks to God, the au
 thor of his being, for the abundance of his
 goodness in all things. But, this injunction
 like many of ins precepts, was given expres
 ly to His disciples. They were taught, to
 daily ask to be fed, w ith the bread of heaven,
 upon which to feast their souls to fit and pre
 pare them, for their love and mercy. And
 this appeared to be necessary—was it not
 reasonable, that men such as they were, fresh
 from the unrestrained multitude of trafickers,
 who swarmed the region of Judea, and called
 to a vocation so high and holy, should receive
 an admonition to daily look to heaven, for aid
 and sustenance, in the propagation of those
 great truths 1 It is reasonable, and Christ had
 reference to heavenly bread, and no other.
 That it meant no other than spiritual bread,
 it requires but little argument to show. I
 player be the means by which a temporal oi
 physical end be attained, if it be at all a
 means by which such cods are attained, why
 iu the name of Justice, is there not more ac
 complished, by the prayerful and faithful?
 Why have not piaying people, the manifold
 abundance of this world’s possessions l Nay,
 verily, because prayer u not the meant by
 which such ends are attainable. Prayer beif
 purely spiritual, only pertains to those
 things, that are spiritual and can efiect
 nothing, but that which ia spiritual. It
 can neither fell a tree, nor lift a barrel of door.
 It W ill be readily admitted, by the colored
 people at least, that slave-holders are general
 »ery wicked men, many of them confirmed
 u&gt;fcd*la, and the greater part of them gamb
lets, rs, «*bb*ih-br taker*, fornica
 tor*. and adulterer*, all added to the doable
 M», and A tji damnation, that await* them for
 nun-sieah'g. and bartering away humanity,
 and trafficking in tlie blood of soula- Also,
 that ti c slaves, gcreralJy, are a pioua and
 religious people, no one will deoy.
 How thru can you. and we pot the ques
 tion to you. as colored people —those whohave
 suffered ten-fold w rung* —bow can vou recon
 cile yourselves to these facta facta, which
 challenge, and defy contradiction, that the
 slave who prays, has not only got nothing, but
 dare not lay claim to bis own person—to the
 affectuMis of las own wife and children;
 while the wicked master, the infidel wretch,
 who neither prays, uor believes in the exis
 tence of a God, possesses power, almost un
 limited, mean* of *ll kinds, lands, money and
 wealth in abundance, besides owning the very
 bodies and Souls, as it were, of the people
 who depend upon prayer as a means 1 We
 address ourselves to your common sense, and
 reason and ask you, brethren, colored people,
 in God’s name—in the name of a degenerate
 race—in the name of outraged humanity—in
 the name of our future prospects—in the
 name of the destinies of our oppressed
 people—in the name of a debased intellect—
 in the much abused name of insulted intelli.
 geace, how'can you reconcile yourselves to
 such a glaring contradiction ?—a contradic
 tion, as clear as the sun at high meridian.
 The slave may, in the agony ofhis wound
 ed soul, and goodness of a believing heart,
 fall upon his knees, and clasping his hands,cry
 out, “pray, master, forgive me this offence!”
 then, raising his eyes to heaven, “How long,
 O Lord most mighty—how long, shall I
 thus continue to suffer O! when shall the
 day of my deliverance come!” and while he
 is thus, pathetically supplicating, rending both
 heaven and earth, with his appeals of misery,
 the infernal monster, with the blasphemy of
 hell upon his polluted lips, and the punishing
 rod of a fiend in his hand, deaf to ali entrea
 ties and cries of mercy, will continue to lace
 rate, scourge, and lay open the naked flesh,
 until the bleeding, mangled victim falls ex
 hausted at his feet! All this is actually done,
 yea, daily takes place, somewhere in ihe
 the South, while the simple-hearted, igno
 rant slave is calling upon high heaven for aid
 and assistance!
 And why, we ask, in the name of God, and
 all “the just made perfect,” why .are not
 these prayers and supplications answered?
 Simply, because prayer and faith are not the
 means to be made use of, in such a case.
 Prayer is a spiritual means, intended only
 to answer spiritual ends. When the slave
 called upon God, from the depths of his soul,
 to forgive and pardon his sins—to comfort
 and refresh his spirits, God heard and an
 swered him. But, in this prayer and supplica
 tion for deliverance from the iron grasp of a
 hard-hearted task master, and ruthless tyrant,
 God answered not his prayer, because it was
 improperly applied it was wrong means
 to be used, in such a case.
 The inhuman despotism of the demon mas.
 ter, toward the slave, was a temporal and phy
 sical act, and required temporal and phy
 sical means to prevent it. The master and
 slaves are both human beings, endowed with
 the same faculties--a corporeal or physical
 system, with limbs having bones, muscles,
 and tendons, which give strength to the sys
 tem. As the punishment of the slave was
 physical, inflicted by strength, so should it
 have been met by physical force, and preven
 ted by strength. Had the slave, instead of
 falling upon his knees, looking up to heaven
 for assistance, have seized his master, held
 him fast, tiirust him aside, or taken to his
 heels, —in all or either of these cases, he may
 have been successful in arresting the punish
 ment. The proper means to be made use of
 in such a case. Physical ends, we honestly
 and sincerely assure you, brethren, can only be
 successfully attained by physical means, and it
 is the height of folly—it is blind madness to
 believe any thing else.
 Further argument is useless; we have now
 transcended the bounds, to which we had lim
 ited ourselves. Our sole, and only object is
 to disabuse the minds of our brethren, of the
 miserable heresies, which they have been
 taught, by the enemies of our race; to unplug
 their ears, and tear away the veil from their
 eyes, to ihe scenes, the sufferings, the groans
 and wailings, of outraged and down-trodde*
 humanity. The slaveholding and pro-slavery
 high priests of infamy may, for sinister mo
 tives, so teach, as true doctiine, and sound or
 thodoxy; the while theologian may, if he can,
 induce colored people to depend upon faith
 and prayer, to accomplish their earthly desires
 for them, believing them to be tit* means;
 and our brethren may, if they will so stub
 bornly persist in believing; but we can assure
 them, that the whites, v ho so teach, do not
 believe it themselves; but, if they did, it is
 not the truth, being at variance with every
 known fact, and all human experience. It i*
 high time, brethren, we had begun to think
 for ourselves; we have had others long
 enough, to think for us. While the pro-sla
 very whites can keep us satisfied, in depend
 ing upon prayer, and looking to heaven for all
 we desire in this world, there are no fears
 that we will ever be in their way, other than
 as a nuisance, w hen it is the easiest thing in
 the world, to get rid of us, by sending us
 away to distant parts. Things should be
 dealt with just as persons please, and if we
 will be things, why let us be accordingly
 dealt with. Brethren, our object ia to aet you
 to thinking—thinking for yourselves. All
 that you know, in morals or religion, you
 hare learned fiom your oppressors, and those
 for the most part, slave-holders, as the colored
 people in this country, generally come trora
 the South. An “evil tree cannot bring forth
 good fruit,” bow, then, can such corrupt
 wretches, a* many of these, do otherwise than
 wrongly teach you Having removed, as we
 hope, this difficulty, hoping that you may
 profit by the same, we shall endeavor to con
 tinue, every week, to aay something to you,
 oo domestic economy and business enterprise.
 —M. n.
 The PaisoxEKs’ Friend for April contains:
 “Genseniua, or the Adventures of a Germau
 Student;” Debate on Capital Punishment;
 Journal of a Poor Vicar; Letter to Got.
 Bnggs, on the Death Penalty; a short des
 cription of Mount Auburn Cemetery; and
 other interesting articles.
 John B. Got oh is again in this city, let*
 turing to overflowing audiences There is
 •afil to be some probability o! hia becoming a
 resident in Rochester.
Highly taiMtiat RlatHtlcMMu C«w»
 Detthr-EMMiMat »f
 Newspaper.
 All reformatory newspapers habor uoder
 disadvantages, that people are not generally
 aware of. Ainang to correct public senti
 ment, in their particular department, they are
 for the most part, in advance of the public;
 hence, they cannot be otherwise than unpopu
 lar and that which is unpopular, cannot be
 expected to meet with very paitieular favor,
 especially, in such a cause, as that espoused
 by the No*th Stas. To render such a pa
 per useful, it should, aa extensively as possi
 ble, be circulated among the colored people of
 the Lnited States, without which it could
 not be more effective than any other anti
 slavery paper. Upon them, then, ia such S
 paper mainly dependant for support. Were
 there white subscribers sufficient who were
 willing to sustain this or any other papdpfon
 ducted by colored men, devoted to the eleva
 tion of their race, that would not reach the
 object aimed at, because the colored people
 themselves would still Le deprived of its ben
 efits, and occupying the same nonentical in
 different position, having others to think, act,
 read, and do for them. But this is not even
 the case; the few friends who are willing to
 aid us, in our arduous undertaking, are so
 burdened with papers of their own, papers,
 necessary to the sustenance of th 6 great an
 ti-slavery cause at large, that the mo&amp;t, that
 might be expected of them, would bo to
 assist us, at the commencement, and
 reasonably enough expect us to sustain our
 selves thereafter.
 What we now design to do, is to sot this
 matter in a clear light, before the public and
 our readers, everywhere of all classes, anti
 show' them, that it is morally impossible, in
 the present state of society, or condition of
 the colored people of this country, for them
 to sustain an ably conducted, and efficient
 newspaper, among them. To this end and
 purpose, we shall present a statistical account
 in which there can be no mistake.
 There are now in the United States, about
 500,000 free colored people, five sixths of
 whom being women and children, we have
 83,333 and a fraction, who are men, or
 heads of families, and, as one third of this
 number, at least, belong to the Southern States
 we h ive but G 2,489 and a fraction, who
 dare take a newspaper, such as ours. Of this
 number, at least two thirds (male adults) and
 we make quite a libsral allowance, cannot read;
 so that there are only 20,849 and a fraction,
 qualified to understand anything in it. Ofthe
 twenty-thousand and odd, there are, and we
 consider this the smallest figure, at least three
 fourths, who, from various causes (perhaps,
 religious, and others combined) are totally
 indifferent to the existence of a paper among
 us so that we have really, but 5,207 or there
 about, who may be considered interested ir
 such enterprizes. Of these, one half may b&lt;
 accounted as too limited in means, to justify
 them in subscribing for and sustaining a pub
 lie journal, though it may be devoted to thei
 welfare hence, all told, and this is a libera
 figure, there cannot, possibly, be at best, mor&lt;
 than 25,000 colored persons, throughout th&lt;
 United States, who, under any circumstance;
 at present, can be reasonably expected to take
 a newspaper. A want of knowledge of these
 facts, is the reason, why all papers among us
 die for want of support.
 Those who know anything about our people
 in this country at all, very well know, tha
 the preponderance of the aged, by far, came
 from the South, the children, and in many tn
 stances, the younger people having only learn
 ed to read, since they came to the .North
 Our young women too, who are for the mos
 part, readers, are, generally, “at service,’
 and it could not be expected, that young wo
 men at service, and children, could sustain z
 newspaper.
 Were the whole twenty-five hundred t(
 concentrate their patronage upon a good pa
 per, it would be insufficient, as it requires, ai
 least 3,500 paying subscribers to sustain tlx
 North Star. To give an idea of the average
 number of our people, who subscribe to s
 newspaper, devoted to their interest, we wil
 state for information, that New York citv
 Philadelphia, where the concentrated intelli
 gence, and wealth of oar people, in their pal
 miest days, never affoided more thar sever
 hundred subscribers, in either place, to thosf
 papers which then existed in their midst, and
 will not now give an advance of five per cent,
 and no paper at a distance, may expect to ob
 tain over two hundred subscribers, in eithei
 place and other towns will rate proportionn
 hly below these. But of the few there are tc
 support a newspaper, these are now called or
 by the existence of three papers at present,
 among us, besides other anti-slavery papers.
 And how can they exist? They cannot nndei
 existing circumstances.
 We have travelled, holding meetings among
 our people almost Incessantly, during the pasl
 year, and understand their state and condition
 in many of the states, quite familiarly, ami
 are satisfied what can, and what cannot he
 done, in this enterprize. Now that we cunnot
 do without, and must have an efficient news
 paper among us, is beyond a question bm
 how shall it be sustained' is the m&lt;»st impor
 tant inquiry. To us, as an individual, and we
 risk nothing by asserting the same for our col
 league, it does not matter who the persons
 are, who stand at the helm, so that they are
 fully competent, and adequate to the task.
 Colored men, we think they should lie, in
 this instance, because it is, peculiarly, the
 colored people's cause but let them be good
 and true, “true to their brethren, and then
 God, 1 true to God and humanity. We have
 no personal ambition in the matter, and we
 repeat, w hat we say for one, we venture to
 say for both, all that we desire is, to see the
 cause pressed onward, in sturdy inarch, te
 success and victory.
 A newspaper, to be well sustained and kept
 up among the colored people, should be con
 ducted by men of easy circumstances, as sir
 years' experience, in connexion with the pres*
 has convinced us. They should have a sup
 port solely independent of the proceeds of the
 subscription to their paper. To us, it was al
 ways a losing concern, as we then supported
 ourselves by other business, giving our servi
 ces gratuitously, as editor, besides contribu
 ting to (he pecuniary support ofithe paper.
 That paper was small,.and rather more of a
 local character, than the North Star, oi a Ns
 uooal paper. This ia a very different enter
 prise, requiring the whole lime and attmios
 of Us conductors.
 To ensure the successful sod efficient eontin
oance of an able journal among 89. the paper
 should be endmerd, with s win* l** sl suffi
 to meet current expense* incidental to it* pub
 lication, if nothing more; and uatrl this u*
 dime, every good friend who wishes well the
 cause, or desires success from degradation,
 who has the means to spare; apd th re arc
 thousands such, arc respectfully colled upon
 to make donations to sustain an organ for the
 I moral, civil and religious elevation of a much
 wronged people, with whom we are fully
 identified, and for whom we hare made all the
 sacnfices it is possible for ua to make, without
 i sacrificing life itself.
 Many are the seminaries, colleges, and other
 institutions, that are b ing endowed, and lega-
 Mes being left, even to those that hare an
 Abundance, by the g»od and bjnevdent and
 we sincerely think, that the well wisher of
 humanity, could not belter appropriate a don
 i ation of some kind, than to thesustenanceofan
 efficient newspaper ainot.g us, without the ex
 istence of which, 11 is almost delusion to talk
 of our redemption from degradation and bon
 dage.
 We have now given a fair, candid, and hoir
 est statement, of the condition of our people—
 a statistical summary, which we conceive to
 be of the highest importance—the probability
 and improbability of the existence of a paper
 among us, believing that it is only necessary
 to give the substantial facts public, iy, to en
 sure the donations of many, to the --isteiianee
 laudable, praiseworthy, and altogether neces
 sary, without which an endless gradation
 must be our certain doom !—m. r.
 Progress in Geneva.
 The School under the superint mlmice of
 Henry Highland Garnet, ended is winter
 term, by a public exhibition on t! 3d. and
 4th. inst. The examination in sc 00l exer
 cises is spoken of as having abund »tly satis
 fied the patrons, tliat the Pupils w* ,v not de
 ficient in the requisites of good s. Imlarship;
 and that iheir preceptor was pecui .rlv fitted
 for his responsible mission. The e .eutionarv
 performances in the evening, attracted a nu
 merous audience. The large num! r of those
 present not iudentified by complexi&lt; i with the
 I proscribed in this land, bad a full &gt;poriunity
 of witnessing the mental capacity i those so
 commonly and unjustly termed ,i inferior
 i class. The selection of pieces— ogle and
 colloquial—was excellent, and tfte dmiiable
 manner in which they were diliver d, richly
 i deserved the unsparing applause iiestowed
 upon them. The elocution class was com
 posed both of adults and juveni! s. The
 younger aspirants exhibited thos powers,
 which by good cultivation, are d i.stincd to
 make their lathers and mothers pro.nl of theii
 offspring.
 A number of original com posit 'ons were
 submitted from the senior, and ah the ju
 venile classes; giving unmistakable evidences
 I of genius. Scholars who can weave from theii
 own resources such productions as emanated
 from the Geneva class, need never despair ol
 complete success in their studies. Thoughl
 I engendeis thought: place one idea upon pa
 i per, another will surely follow. Composition
 is a great element in the qualification of a good
 scholar. It necessaiily increases a desire tor
 knowledge of men and things; and this trait ot
 observtion will lay the foundation for all those
 studies so important to the student. The fol
 lowing themes were submitted. Hope; Things
 that I love; American Slavery; Triumph of
 perseverance; Crucifixion; Good and Evil;
 Rainbow; Lying; Remember thy Creator;
 I Spring; Punctuality; Liberty; Pleasures of the
 Grove. We should be glad to detail ilso some
 of the brilliant specimens of elocution; but
 where the whole was so praiseworthy, though
 I the temptation is almost irresistable to men
 tion names, yet it might appear so partial,
 that we forego the pleasure of thus discrimi
 nating.
 The select music by the class, (many of
 them members of the famed Geneva Choir,)
 was all that the votaries oft he divine art could
 de-ire; indeed there was a most happy blend
 ing of music with elocution. Mr. iiogaidus
 with his guitar and Mr. Wellington with his
 violin, enchanted the audience with their
 witching inspiration. The former gentleman
 gained additional laurels by his vocalising a
 number of Mr. Dempstei’s choice arid popular
 effusions. The entire exhibition w as one that
 Geneva may well bo proud of, and moreover
 when it is know n tliat of late similar exhibi
 tions of seminaries among the whites in that
 place have been interrupted even to a discon
 tinuance by a reckless demonstration of young
 men, the fact that Mr. Garnet successfully
 triumphed, free from any disturbance is one
 that should be remembered. There were also
 those in attendance, who had expressed their
 opinion that colored scholars could appreciate
 no higher mental exercise than a Juvenile
 Spelling Hook, and yet the efforts of those
 same scholars at the exhibition were most flat
 teringly commented upon by those same indi
 viduals, thus effecting a revolution in the minds
 of those preconceived against the-colored
 man’s capacity fur improvement. These are
 just the triumphs desired by the intelligent
 Colored Americans. No favor does he crave
 at the hands of pro-slaveiy. Give him a fair
 field, and he welcomes the responsibility of
 ptoving his equality.
 Alter the address on the means of elevation i
 by Win. C. Nell, the audience wishing to
 improve by the occasion of so large a gatiier
 ing, organized for discussing the following
 resolution:—
 Resolved, That though we never can for
 get the guilt ot our republican oppressors, nor
 omit to record the untiring efforts of fi tends in
 our behalt, we are neveitiieles, daily reminded
 of our deficient zeal in hastening the downfall
 ot American Slavery and the consequent ele
 vation of the nominally free colored citizens
 to an equality with the favored claw in the
 l tilted btates.
 The resolution formed a basts for several
 pertinent addresses, all characterised by an
 earnestness of mauler and manner, readily
 exacted of llmae who feel the need of mak
 ing sacrifices for an advancement of the down
 trodden.
 During the coarse of Mi. Garnet's address
 in alluding to th« brighter day dawning upon
 the colored man, he mentioned the fact of
 Rev. Alexander Crummel, wlio (hough pur
 scribed a number of years by the Episcopal
 clergy of New York was bow admitted to the
 boaon of Cambridge College, England; also,
 that Charles L. Reason, principal of a colored
 •ebool in New York city, had recently been
 invited to a professorship in a college in the
 Empire State. These, with other evidences
 spoken of, were hailed by the meeting as
OIOM encouraging omen*. Since then, we
 aw enabled to add, that Hubert Morris, F.sq
 of Boston, has just been appointed justice of
 the peace, by the governor of M iSMcfeisetts
 Two colored men in the old Bay v&gt;iate .re now
 thud acknowledged, The mermg at Gtneva
 was one long to be remembered. av t 3 n
 I fluence felt in the coiiimticd improvement
 of her citizens! May they ever be» r mjm j
 that “those who would i*o free themselves
 must strike the blow.”—w.
 Pro-Slavery Missions.
 It ts scarcely credible thnt societies c«»!t!&gt;.
 lished for the express p of spreading
 abroad a knowledge of hii-iianitv— whos.-
 doctrines are emphatically cad* &lt;1 good news
 to ailpeopte,” should be found fending tf, ei r
 countenance to the prariice which n *Saves
 men—makes them the properly of their fel
 low men, thereby putting u out of their
 power to adopt anti act up to the doctrines
 taught. But so it is. What are called the
 three Central Societies” are all more »r less
 under the influence of slavery. Father they
 have siaveiiolding missionaries, whom tlie\
 fail to rebuke for their iniquity, lest thev
 should wound the feelings of their Christum
 brelhern South, —or they nro directly under
 slavery influence by their connection w ith slave
 holding churches. With tlie one hand they
 clutch the money which the dear Christain
 brother gives as an offering of a sweet
 smelling savor,” well knowing that the hand
 that oilers it, is red with the blood of the
 murdered slave with the other they send this
 money to support a missionary in preaching
 the gospel at the tar ends of the earth, wh-re,
 perhaps, practical Christianity is belter know n
 than it is amongst those “very dear brethren”
 themselves. Shame on the inconsistency and
 wickedness nt su It conduct* If anything
 can bring Christianity into disrepute, such
 flagrant violation of ns first principles by its
 loudest and most conspicuous professors, w ill
 have that effect. To some extent it lias al
 ready had that effect. One listens to the
 preaching of such men, as to a form of words
 spoken by a parrot. They may he good or
 bad but it matters not what the parrot thinks
 ot them. \V orse than that even tor their
 profession of regard for w hat they preach, be
 ing proved to be all a sham, they exert a most
 demoralising and baleful influence upon those
 who have learned to h ok up to them as their
 spiritual instructors—ensamples to them of all
 that is good and excellent. If the shepherd
 strays, what wonder if the sheep follow hia
 example I his, however, in the common a&lt;»
 I ceptation, and only m so lyf us applicable tu
 existing cucumstance.s lotii.?.' true f iinstiani
 ty there are no class or caste
 *but all are brethren. I’o stow that lam not
 speaking at random. I q.jbte the following
 troin an account ot the Bu-adon Convention,
 as given by the Utica ConAibutor. It will be
 seen that there are some atfiongst themselves
 who have arrived at the same conclusion. All
 honor to those who have ti&amp; cohrage and the
 f manliness publicly to express their sentiments.
 Would there were mr t like Elder Foss
 j Elder Uoss. Will iho brother point me
 to that part ot the Constitution [of the Ameri
 can Baptist Missionary I tu&lt;oiiJ which points
 out the course its mcuibersj are to take on
 slavery
 Eld. Hock wood. They treed to let slave
 ry with other questions, aldne —we cannot
 judge of their motives.
 I*ld. loss. No God judges of motives
 we judge of actions. 1 here is in the eastern
 world a sect of people called 1 hugs, They
 believe that the god they worship is greatly
 delighted with human biood and they kill men
 as an act ot devotion. .Now; it one of these
 men hud been a missionary,.- year after year
 under tiie Baptist Missionary Board and load
 been sanctioned by the Board, l wish to ask
 it it would not nave been the duty of the Board
 to speak out against Thugwni? 1 would ask
 this intelligent audience it they would not
 feel it a matter of rejoicing thus to speak out f
 Slavery is ihugisiu; u is feasting upon the
 wrecked hopes and upon the agonies ot three
 millions ol our fellow-men, and our missionary
 bodies ought to speak out against it.
 Eid. Hock wood. I slid not decide that
 exclusive attention to one point was best, but
 i would not impute to them wrong motives.
 Eld. Fuss. The brother misunderstands
 me. lam not now paying attention to good
 motives, but am examining the relation ol the
 Union to slaveholders, and its duly, by an
 illustration fiorn Thngism. in regard to
 the single object of missionary bodies,
 and their influence on the slavery question,
 permit me to read the views ot Ltr. Barnes,
 of Philadelphia, on that subject
 Eld. Foss reads: What is it that lends
 the most efficient sanction to slavery hi the
 United States What is it that does’most to
 keep tin: public conscience at ease on tins sub
 ject f V\ hat is it that tenders aboiiivn all
 measures to remove the evil lam not igno
 tani that tho laws sustain the system, and
 that supposed interest contubuics to it, and
 that the love ol idleness and tin- 1 we ol power,
 and the love ol base passions which the sys
 tem engenders, and that a show of argument,
 opaque and inconclusive on one side ot a cer
 tain line, but bngtit as noon-day on the other,
 does much to sustain the system. But, alter
 all, the most efficient of ail supports, the thing
 which most directly interferes with all at
 tempts at reformation that which gives the
 greatest quietus to the consciences, if u dots
 not lurntsh tin.- fhostsalfstaclory argument to the
 understanding, is the fact that the system is
 countenanced by good men that Bishops and
 1 nests and Beacons, that ministers and elder*,
 that Sunday-school teachers sod exhoricrs,
 that pious matrons and it* lies** are the hold
 ers ol slaves, and that the ecclesiastical bodies
 of the land address no language ot rebuke or
 entreaty to their conwu nr* s.
 \N hut a confession from one of themselves!
 Is not Dr. Barnes deserving of exconnimiuQi*
 cation from the church, as an infidel and
 heretic, for thus calumniating the character ol
 her “bishops, priests, ami deacons'” All
 the difference between inm and the more radi
 cal reformers, is, that he mink* a slaveholder
 can be a good man,” aud they think u im
 possible he can be anything but a bad man. A
 pretty considerable difference no doabt; but
 he confesses the fact, it is for others to draw
 the conclusion. J. it.
 Caljfohma Gotilssmust:—The most re
 cent intelligence Iroui California announces,
 whatever) one anticipated, thatthe numerous
 population already gathered there, have taken
 measures to constitute a provisional govern
 ment. A Convention has been called t*&gt; meet
 about the fiist of May, which duly organize a
 Government, sufficiently comprehensive and
 staple to wait the slow motion of Congress as
 long as need be. From the tone ot the paper
 winch furnishes the informal!' u, it would
 seem to be a weifeuruierstood purpose ol the
 people there, to lake measures lor the effect
 ual exclusion of slavery front the it country,
 -01. Benton’s advice u&gt; spoken ol a* excellent
 in all respects, arid as furnishing the probable
 wodel uf the action that will be taken.—A. V.
 txmgiUu.
fewer than 18ii deacons and 205 jinesu
 been ordained for the Established Church
 in England, Wales, and Ireland, during the
 l**t Christ mas season
