N otitcs.
FIFTEENTH ANNUAL MEETING
 or thi
 I* ERICAS I. S. SOCIETY.
 The Fifteenth Anniversary of the
 American Anti-Slavery Society will lie heklj
 in the Tabernacle. Broadway, New York, on
 Tuesday the «ih day of May next.
 The Anniversary at the Tabernacle repre
 sent* to the country at large the progress, the
 efficiency, and even the existence, of the Anti-
 Slavery cause. It is to vast numbers of peo
 ple the only sign of the continued zeal and
 spirit of the Abolitionists, whose local meet
 ing* they never hear of.
 The Business Meetings of the Society
 have always brought together in counsel a
 larger number of Abolitionists from various
 parts of the Northern Stales than is ever con
 vened on any other occasion. The general
 interests ol the cause command, at that time,
 a consideration which at no otheTcan he given
 them.
 It has never, since the formation of the
 society, been more apparent than at this mo
 ment, that the Anti-Slavery cause is left
 where it ever has been, in the hand* of the
 members of the American Society. There is
 as yet no reason to suppose that Slavery will
 ever be abolished except through its efforts.
 The general importance of the Annual
 Meeting, and the aspect of the cause at this
 moment, which gives us every thing to hope
 for if we persevere, —everything to fear if
 we falter—appeal alike loudly to Abolitionists,
 all over the land, to make the ensuing Annual
 Meeting of the American Anti-Slaverv Socie
 ty one that shall do more even than any pre
 vious one has done to drive the South to
 despair in defence of its felonious system of
 aociety, and the North to a more determined
 attitude than any portion of it has evei yet
 ventured to assume in defence of its own
 rights, and the assertion of the rights of the
 ■lave.
 WM. LLOYD GARRISON, Prest.
 Wendell Phillips, Secy's
 SH. Gay. J v
Western New York Anti-Slavery Society.
 The Executive Committee will meet on
 Wednesday next, April 25th, at the Anti-
 Slavery Office, 25, Buffalo Street.
 Attendance is requested at 1 o'clock p. m.
 precisely.
 W. C. NELL, ltec. Sec
Coming up to the Work.
 The following Resolutions upon the subject
 of American Slavery, passed at a iccent meet
 ing of the Orthodox Congregational Church j
 in North Brookfield, have been seat to us for!
 publication. We rejoice to see such an indi
 cation of progress as is manifested in these
 resolves, and we hope that the time is not far
 distant when all the churches, not only in
 Massachusetts, but throughout the free states,
 will take and maintain the same high position,
 and exclude from their pulpits and commun
 ions the flesh mongers of the South, who,
 professing faith in Christianity trample upon
 all its precepts. Christian Citizen.
 RESOLUTIONS ON THE SUBJECT OF SLAVERY.
 Whereas, the sin of Slavery exists in the
 United Slates and is productive of immense
 evils, moral, social, political, and ecclesiasti
 cal, the brethern of the First Congregational
 Church in North Brookfield, Mass., deem it
 proper to embody and set forth their views of
 it, and their duty respecting it in the follow
 ing Resolutions:
 Resolved, 1. That this Church distinctly
 admits and affirms that Slave-holding is a
 practice at war with God's law, with the
 rights of man, and with the spirit of the Gos
 pel: that we will not countenance it by re
 ceiving slave-holding ministers into our pul
 pit, nor slave-holding professors to our
 communion and that we will have no inter
 course with it in any such way as in our judg
 ment implies an approbation of it.
 Resolved, 2. That all persons who are not
 slaveholders, but who voluntarily connect
 themselves with slave-holding churches, do
 countenance and uphold Slavery while they
 remain in communion with such churches
 and we view the time near, when we can no
 more fellowship this class of persons than we
 do those who are slave-holders themselves.
 Resolved, 3. That as professed Christians
 it becomes us on all proper occasions to bear
 testimony against the practice of holding hu
 man beings as property, both in Christian and
 in heathen lands, and according to our best
 judgment to resist the progress and continu
 ance of the evil.
 Resolved. 4. That it is not our object in
 these Resolutions unnecessarily to grieve or
 offend any man or body of men, but to assume
 that position before the church and the world
 which duty requrires, as well as to express
 our unqualified disapprobation of Slavery,
 both in theory and practice, and our firm be
 lief that it is diametrically opposed to Christi
 anity, and a burning curse both to the oppressor
 and the oppressed.
 Voted, That the foregoing be offered by the
 Secretary for publication.
 George H. Ixiwe, Sec'y of the Meeting.
 North Brookfield March 26, lb-19.
Protection of Woman in Missouri.—
 The following is the bill to protect the proper
 ty of married women recently patsed by the
 Legislature of Missouri:
 An act to amend an act to regulate Executions.'
 Be it enected, dfc. Sec 1. That in addition
 to the properly now exempt from levy and
 sale under execution by the 10th, 11th and 1
 12lb Sections of an act of which this is
 amendatory, the property owned by a woman
 before her marriage, and that which she may
 acquire after her marriage by descent; gift, 1
 grant, devise or otherwise, and the use and
 profits thereof shall be exempt from all the
 debts and liabilities of her husband contracted
 or incurred by him previous to their manage,
 or previous to the time the wife came into the
 posse— ion of such property.
 Stc. 2. The property owned by a man be
 fore his marriage, and that w hich lie may
 acquire after his marriage, by descent gift,
 grant or devise, and the use and profits there
 of, shall be exempt from all debts and liabilities
 cootracted or incurred by his wife before their
 marriage.
 Sec. 3. The property owned by a woman
 before her roairiage, and that which she may
 poquire after her marriage, by descent, gift,
 grant or devise, shall be exempt from levy and
 tale to pay any debt contracted, or security or
 liability incurred as security, by her husband
 Et any time oc under any circumstances what
 ever. This act to be enforced from its pas
 sage.
Ot't Last LxeisLATUBE. This iramacu
 lata body of Solona was characterized by two
 strong *nd predominating principle*— the
 love of rum and the hate of nigger* neither
 of which do we think very creditable to men
 l&gt;rofe**ing justice, republicanism, and Chris
 tianity. We observe that we occasionally
 treed oe ibe toes of some of these law-givers,
 wfce, set having the manliness to come out
 over their own proper signatures, skulk be
 hind tbe heae—d name# of “Farmer,” “Me
 chanic,” »V., *nd like tbe savage Indian,
 hurl their poisoned arrows from a place of con
 cealment. Some of these fellows, who are
 silks reprobates to republica-Mn and Chris
 tianity, seem to be ready to eat a poor negro
—and indeed. very likdy they do sell tod
 eat, and perhaps driok them too. There is
 one manufacture which has always flourished
 among elave-bolderi and negio*catchers, and
 dealer*, and that is the manufsctare of malls-
 If these skolking Indian fighters will
 answer us whether they are engaged in this
 reputable branch of business, and give tUeir
 ow ti proper names, and not descend to low,
 ungenllemanly abuse, we will answer their
 questions. Our Methodist brethren, and in
 deed alt true Christians, are opposed to negro
 oppression, and generally in tarot of emanci
 pation. We go for the constitution, for jus
 tice, for mercy, for humanity,for Christianity,
 and against nigger traders. We go against
 extending the curse of of slavery, aod against
 admitting any more Wore states into this glo
 rious Union, If sUre-holdcrs have always
 ruled the Union, in violation of the constitu
 tion and laws, they ought to do it no longer.
 The spirit of T 6 is abroad, to bring to light
 the barbarous, dastardly wretch who would
 traffic in human blood and bones, in defiance
 of God and man.— VVi/. Blue Hen'* Ctefcs.
Trouble amosc the Socthebs Mbthod-
 j RT B. —The troubles of the Methodist Chureb,
 which caused a division of that body, bar#
 appeared in the Cherokee county. The church
 North sent among the Indians a minister to
 represent the cause of freedom, and the con
 v |.,e ee has been a riot. No religious meet
 ings it is said, can now be held without a
 not .—Ledger.
 This is another fact added to a mountain
 pile of evidence, that no freedom can survive
 where slavery eiists. Free thought, nee
 speech and the rights of conscience—which
 are so sacred that any attempt by the govern
 ment or church to suppress them in the person
 of the poorest citzen or humblest emigrant,
 within the borders of the North, would almost
 produces revolution —have no existence is
 the southern slates, and never will have,
 the power of slavery is broken. How lung
 will the northern churches shut their eyes te
 this truth T How long will they succor and
 patronize an institution which has no J 0 1
 union with the teachings of Jesus, than Belial
 has with Christ They were long ago warned
 that, in protecting the slaveholder by their
 fellowship, they were planting thorns and
 brambles in their own vineyards, and fields of
 labor. Now they may console theraselyee
 that the wounds and lacerations they receive
 are from their own folly. If the severe lesson
 teaches them that the first step toward the
 propagation of a pure gospel is the extermina
 tion of slavery, or stirs their spirits up to mors
 manly courage, their present afflictions will
 not be useless. They may indeed count
 them as blessings to themselves, however in
 tended by the slaveholders. But if they con
 tinue their unprincipled concessions to the
 South, for the sake of Union, we have no
 pitv to spare them where they are thus in
 sulted by the men they have fawned upon.
 The signs of the times indicate that the union
 j of northern freemen and southern slaveholders
 m church and state is not to last forever.—
 Penn. Freeman.
THE NORTH STAR,
ROCHESTER, APRIL 20,1849.
Domestic Economy*
 Having previously shown that effects are
 onlv equal to the causes that produce them,
 and that ends can be equal only to the means
 that are used for their attainment, and that all
 human affairs are regulated or brought about
 in accordance with some of the three regular
 laws of Deity, the Spiritual Mural and Phy
 sical, and that a compliance with or a violation
 of either of these W* determines the result
 of all human affano; we shall proceed to of
 fer some practical common sense remarks on
 the subject of business enterprizc and indus
 try*
 Oppressed, enslaved, degraded, arid depriv
 ed of all knowledge, consequently knowing
 nothing but that which we learned from our
 oppressors, we have been long wont to mourn
 and sigh over our condition, unable to divine
 the reason why it is that the slave and colored
 people generally, with all their religion, moral
 honesty, and goodness of heait, so far as they
 know how and understood, strictly doing the
 i will of God, and yet by him have been per
 mitted to continue under the oppression of
 those who in the majority of instances violate
 every injunction and spiritual precept of the
 divine will. This we say has been the great
 barrier in out pathway, and the most difficult
 1 point to pass in our effort* at sell-elevation.
 Such a wilderness did this open to our view
 such an insurmountable obstacle did it appear
 to place before us, that disheartened and dis
 couraged by the way side, stopping short
 the only, what seemed to us reasonable con
 clusion we could come to was, instead of pres
 sing onward, to “stand still, and see the sal
 vation of God,” honestly believing that He
 required this passiveness and indifference on
 our part, llis declaration to us that “note is the
 acciplcd time, to-day is the day of salvation,
 is equally as imperative, and more forcibly
 binding upon us, because the first was the in
 junction of Moses, a man given to the child
 ren of Israel moie than three thousand yean
 ago, while the second is a divine admonition
 given by Christ-God himself for the guidanct
 of man since Moses xecorded his. W hois
 shall we obey, Christ or Moses—God or man I
 I Decide foi yourselves.
 We are anxious to remove those false im
 pressions made by erroneous religious doctrine
 at the instigation of our oppressors, and con
 tinned by us through ignorance.
 But why do the wicked slaveholders a mi
 blasphemous oppressors of our race succeed
 against those who are really righteous? Why
 are they intelligent, powerful, and wealthy,
 having every necessary comfort of life, while
 we, the colored people, the greater part ol
 w hom though religious, arc ignorant, power
 less, and poor, possessing but few of the
 comforts of this life, scarcely enough to keep
 body and soul together?
 The reason is obvious; it is this, we make
 use of heavenly means for the attainment of
 earthly euds, while our oppreeaois make uae
 of earthly means for the attainment of earthly
 ends. The spiritual laws, as previously sug
 gested, only pertain to the things of heaven,
 and were never intended by their Great Au
 thor for any other purpose. The physical
 and moral laws pertain to earthly ends, and by
 them only can all things temporal be effected.
 However wicked or perverse may be the per.
 son, does be conform to God's law, a favora
 ble result roust be the consequence; hence,
 the reason of the suoeess, frequently, of the
 w icked over the righteous—the sinner over the
 the saint—the infidel oppressor and alavebol
 der over the religious colored slaves of Amer
 ica.
 Nothing can be accomplished without the
 proper means being used, therefore all earthly
 ends can only be obtained by earthly means.
 Let us then at ooce, get to business, brethren;
 lei us cease to mourn over what we have been
 taught to call the unll of Providence, andmiae
up oar beads lik« mb, —km jpg tha nwaa
 occupations of society catering into the
 ri«rap enterprises, heaving o*y cßnaaqsesca,
 let those b« what they may. Out mmtlrrs
 hare been so accustomed to teach u bow to live
 in the world to come, that they have forgotten
 to teach as how to live in this world; bat are
 always totj careful to lead their owa ohi)&gt;
 droo and themselves, however reKgioes they
 may be, how to make a living here, while in
 in this world.
 These things we most also learn and de
 light in doing, and if yoe object is them as
 unworthy of you as Christians, than indeed
 is this world unfit for your abiding place, your
 Creator having made a great mistake in piec
 ing you here, when you mote fittingly should
 have been uncreated angels. n
 We want business mea andwomen among us
 and must have them in every piece. We have
 been heretofore taught that them things were
 unfit for us, as they interfered with oar pros
 pects of heaven. This oar oppressors taught
 us to prevent us from competing with them in
 business; and being ignorant, we believed it*
 Let this henceforth be no longer the ease. lo
 dentry as much belongs to us, ss to them.
 Surely if we can work for them, and do their
 drudgery—go at their bidding, and come at
 their command—spend our money with them
 in buying from them il they can advise with
 us iu religion, in medicine, and law, then may
 we also, if we oaly determine that it shall be
 so, sell to them as well as buy from them;
 give advice to them in matters religion,
 medicine, and law, as well as receive advice
 from them in all these matters. But we must
 qualify ourselves for these various departments
 first, which is comparatively an easy matter.
 We must have farmers, mechanics, and shop
 keepers generally among us. By these occu
 pations we make money—these are the true
 r sources of wealth. Give us wealth, and we
 can obtain all the rest.—m. r. d.
Edocatiqp*
 On contemplating the condition of the col-1
 ored inhabitants of the United States, it mast
 be admitted that as a class, they are less edu
 cated than the whites. The causes of this dis
 paragement are of course too well understood
 to render an elaborate exposition necessary.
 When we pronounce the word Slavery the
 problem is at once solved.
 In proportion as the colored Americans are
 ignorant, they are degraded and oppressed.
 The same means successfully employed by the
 oppressed of other lands, will secure the same
 results for those of America; as like causes
 produce like effects. These means have been
 the acquisition of knowledge, a rigid economy
 in the expenditure of money, and the eleva
 tion of a high standard of morality. This one
 thing needful, and its means of attainment
 has occupied the minds and enlisted the en
 ergies of all among us who would aspire to a
 more elevated position in society. The pa
 triots Hamilton and Sipkens, two of the most
 influential colored citizens of New York,
 held the opinion, that the only hope of
 extricating their brethren from a deep and
 damning degradation, lay in the thorough
 education of their children. Dr. John Brown,
 another distinguished son of the Empire State,
 who was deeply versed in the sciences and
 was for many years a prominent teacher of
 youth, thus awarded his tribute to the impor
 tance of education said he, “I conceive edi£
 cation among us to be the moral lever which
 applied to the Juggernaut of Slavery, would
 hurl it to the ground and scatter its fragments
 to tbe wind.” William Uoyd Garrison in
 1831 delivered an address to the Colored Cit
 izens of Boston, New York and Philadelphia.
 Placing himself in the condition ot a colored
 man, remembering the disabilities heaped u pon
 the parent and child, for want of an education,
 1 spoke as follows:
 “Get as much education as possible for
 f yourselves and your offspring; tod long and
 i hard for it, as for a pearl of great price. Ig
 i norant people can never occupy any other than
 a degraded station in society; they can never
 be truly free, until they are intelligent.
 1 The greatest gift which a parent can bestow
 upon a clild, is the knowledge of the alphabet.
 He who can read may feel that he is elevated
 above all the kingly blockheads in the world.
 Sooner than my children should grow up in
 ignorance, I would feed upon bread and water,
 and repose on the cold earth; I would sell my
 teeth, extract the blood from my veins.”
 These words from the above eminent men,
 should be treasured in the colored American’s
 b cabinet, as incentives towards hie children’s
 1 advancement.
 b If a wise man had been asked by the peo
 pie of England 300 years ago, how they could
 F become free, he would have told them to edu
 cate themselves. The colored people of this
 I- land, unprotected by laws, and crushed by the
 s iron heel of American despotism, are in just
 n the condition of the English at that time,
 e They were generally poor and uneducated,
 n and as a matter of course were held subordi
 nate to the aristocracy. We should never for
 get that Knowledge is power—tbe foundation
 i* of a people’s prosperity. The age of Books
 e can never be the age of Tyrants. The spirit
 i* of the present day is improvetnert. All classes
 and conditions of society are throwing off tbe
 d tiammels of ignorance, and pluming tbsas
 d selves for onward progress in the march ofrn
 y form and education. Colored men and wo
 men, who in view of tbe circumstances sur
 e rounding them, fail to appreciate tbe worth of
 &gt;f mind, and exert their best energies common
 r- same with tbe means attainable, cannot be
 e regarded as otherwise than enemies to thom
 p selves, to the class with whom they tie identi
 fied, and to the Godjwho created them espe
 e daily when the facility for obtaining koowl
 »f edge are now in the reach of all who will but
 e extend a hand to be filled. We should be
 y eotae a reading people. A well furnished ft
 brary should he regarded as an indiups—Ms
 article in out household economy. “The
 ease with which books are now provided and
 j dispensed makes ua readily mppass, that it
 j was the same easy affair is all former times an
 n tbe present.” But Dr. Middleton in hie
 “Free Inquiry/' «te» s mam of Ihets, showing
 _ tbe enormous expense, sod various diMowltios
 aUeedmg the publication and spread of litera
 t are in peat times. When a book wee
 t bought, the eccasiau was deemed so im
 portant that it was customary to aseamide per
 sous of uunseqneura and character m smks a
 formal record that they were pvoeoat on the
 j spot. Lang and violent shsrestitna and even
 r law suits ssmatnnro took fines rotative so tho
 disputed property a 4 a hook. An Ehgkafc
 Bishop mado 4ve journeys to Berne,to put-
 I chase books, one sf which he sold to Alfred
 s for an estate of land aa much as eight
uo«M Jill. The exorbitant prices tUu dmmn
 ilnl m n r |r--r T 1 attempts of the power
 dMM to obUin inttraetiM. Bat it the
 glory of the present day tlmt the mmm ofir
 teDeetoal improvement are almost unbounded.
 For 85 cents a mao may now bare i® bw poe
 aeaaioo moch more philosophy than New
 ton ere* knew. We eaa user know Loodon
 without the trouble and expense of a voyage
 across the Atlantic. The periodicals of the
 day bring the dty right before oa with its
 spires and its bridges, its pslaces and crowded
 streets, with ita million of wretched poor in
 contrast with the wealthy arrayed in rostly
 garments. For a trifle we can. obtain the
 works of Liebig on chemistry; the productions
 of Gliddoo, who spent 90 yean in Egypt to
 obtain the information imparted through bis
 lectures; and Macaulay’s recent edition of
 English history; theoe with numberless other
 valuable publications, are being cheaply and
 widely diffused as food for the millions. We
 learn the benefit of things by com pat moo:
 for instance the sum of mooey required for an
 evening visit to a concert, is sufficient to pur
 chase reading matter enough to instruct aod
 entertain a whole family. Another important
 and cheap source of information is the news
 papers, and one too often neglected by those
 who most need them. They are the winged
 messengers ever ready to impart to willing
 eyes and earn the events of every day life. Per
 haps you are engaged abouffyour business, and
 unable to listen to a speech from some distin
 guished and eloquent philanthropist, bat the
 very next day for a cent or two you can fur
 nish yourself with all that may have emanated
 from such a gifted mind. Thus we see tha*
 a little labor in childhood in learning our let
 ters and then the habit of making reading
 agreeable to us confers this great means of
 happiness. How much would we not have
 sacrificed to spend an evening with the lament
 ed John Quincy Adams, the "old man elm
 quent,” with William Ellery Channing, or
 with Sir Walter Scott, Dickens, or any other
 in the class of distinguished sura in the intel
 lectual horizon; and yet we can have access to
 their choicest and most brilliant thoughts. The
 scintillations of genius that have rendered cel
 ebrated and renowned the world o’er those in
 dividuals, can be obtained for a comparatively
 small outlay of money. A prominent friend
 of literature, one of the olden time, has left the
 following on record, his tribute to the value
 of leading. ‘‘lf I were to pray fora taste
 which should stand me in stead uitder every
 variety of circumstance, and be a source of
 cheerfulness to me through life, and a shield
 against its ills, however things might go amiss,
 and the world frown upon me it would be a
 taste for reading.” How many hours are
 thrown away that might be most profitably
 spent in storing the mind with useful knowl
 edge. Twenty pages a day, make up six
 hundred in a month, or 7200 in a year. What
 a vast amount of information might be gleaned
 from so many judicously selected pages.
 Let all both parents and children aim to acquire
 a knowledge of books. A basis will thus be laid
 on which to erect the superstructure of rights
 and privileges so long wilheld from colored
 Americans.—w c. n.
The Southern Movement.
 The Charleston Mercury, in a recent num
 ber, thus sums up the proceedings at the South,
 in reference to the of the Union,
 and the extension of Slavery:
 We are gratified at perceiving the very
 general response by the people of the south to
 the Address of the Southern Members of
 Congress. In addition to the unanimous ex
 pression of sentiment in our own state, large
 and influential meetings without distinction of
 party, have been held in Maryland, Virginia,
 Georgia, Alabama, Florida, and Tennessee,
 and resolutions of the most decided charcter
 adopted with entire unanimity. Among these
 we notice particularly a meeting in North
 Alabama, in which Col. N. Terry and Hon.
 C. C. Clay, participated, which declared the
 Northern Address “firm yet temporate in its
 tone, just m its sentiments and patriotic in
 its objects; and therefore cordially approved it,
 and could not conceive what plausible reason
 any southern senator or representative could
 have for withholding his signature.’* Another
 meeting in Perry County, exceeding in num
 ber and influence any himilar assemblage ever
 before collected in the county, unequivocally
 condemned the course of eveiy southern mem
 ber of Congress, in failing to affix his name
 to the Address of the Southern delegates to
 their constituents."
 In Kentucky a large and respectable meet
 ing was held at Lexington, in which it was
 “Resolved, That the passage by Congress of
 the Wilmot Proviso, or any kindred measure
 embodying the same unjust principles, will be
 regarded as an outrage on the rights of the
 south which must be checked by a “deter,
 mined insistence, on our part, even if that re
 sistence involves an appeal to arms and a
 dissolution, of the Union!*' And the Governor
 is recommended to call an extra session of the
 Legislature, should Congress attempt to inter
 fere with slavery in the District of Colum
 bia.’’
 In Memphis, Tenn, at a whig meeting call,
 ed for the purpose of choosing delegates to a
 Whig State Convention, for the selection of a
 candidate for Governor, it was resolved to
 support as candidates for state offices no man
 who is not pledged against all of these ag
 gressions upon southern rights, and willing to
 co-operate in any measure of redress that the
 people of the southern states may see fit to
 adopt.
 The leading democratic paper io Mississ
 ippi, in reference to the proceedings in the
 surrounding states, remarks: “In the reports
 and resolutions submitted to and adopted by
 these meetings we find high grounds taken,
 ia reference to the impend*®, duty of the
 south to resist at all basard*, the insidious and
 fatal encroach meals of lb® »orth, which have
 been threatened upon #ur constitutional rights.
 We know not, whether the people of our own,
 •lain will deem ft necessary at primary meet
 ings. te piss like formal expression to their
 sen lime pm upon the important matters to
 which public attention has been called by the
 address, but whether they do so or sot, it may
 bn taken for granted that upon all anti-slavery
 questions we are now and will remain, “one
 and iodmsaUs,”aj»d randy to go as for as the
 farthest in defending southern rights,
 southern interests and southern honor.’’
 Just look at ihu mgMg up again—read
 it ease more, and wk yourself, if you ever
 rend anything aunt full of brasen-fettad effruo
 tery. The writer would make it appear, that
 the Soeth ufgrisvoualy injured—that its rights
 sre is danger—that k is foully belied sod
 slandered. It is the old trick of the thief,
 who whea he is accused of stealing, turns
 •pun his accusers, sad in a paroxysm of vir
 toons indignation, bespatters them with his
 '•billingsgate.” “Southern right®-*®®*®™
 wmds |issd weeds; hat wont do. The
 hy fores talk aad fane iir f~r~ “A
 Diaeolufae of the tJofoq"! is deed; aad yoe
 hold that oat as a threat I our orfy fear is, that
 when your .courage is put to the test, it will
tail considerably abort of that. It wooW be
 a time of gladness sad rejoicing far aH loTel
 of treth and righteousness in (be No*there
 States, were there any probability of the Sooth
 epeedily putting this threat into execution.
 That was a noble sentiment of Gen. Wilson
 —"Let the Union be dadred—aye let the
 oareon ihemauliea melt away—but we will
 have no mote slave territory; rather, he oogbt
 to have said—and would Heaven he and
 Northern men generally would any—" Slav
 ery must be abolished, or the Union must be
 dissolved.” When this is the alternative pre
 sented for the acceptance of the Southern
 slave driven, the foal blot that bow darkens
 the American escutcheon will speedily be
 erased, and the groans of the bleeding captive,
 be changed into songs of rejoicing.—i. o.
Dea’t Hu« Hla.
 Washington Goods, s colored man found
 guilty of murder, in Massachusetts, is sen
 traced to be suing led to death leguOy, on the
 35th of May next. There is said to be con
 siderable doubt as to his being guilty of tbe
 crime for the commission of which he is un
 der sentence at all events a large portion of
 tbe community who best know tbe circum
 stances, believe that he is innocent. Hanging
 in any case, is a miserably barbarous pastime;
 doubly barbarous, when tbe evidence against
 the criminal is not clear and conclusive. A
 large meeting was lately held in the Tremont
 Temple, Boston, Amasa Walker, Esq. in the
 Chair. The meeting was eloquently addressed
 by Rev. Wm. H. Channing, Wendell Phil
 lips, Rev. James Freeman Clarke, Rev. A.
 A. Miner, and John A. Andrew, Esq.
 Mr. Channing showed that society, by its
 neglect, prejudice, and injustice, had in fact
 educated Washington Goode for murder, and
 that it wa3 anything bnt Christian justice to
 hang him for bearing the fruits that were
 proper to the seed which society had sown.
 In the course of his remarks, Wendell
 Phillips, said.
 The notice that this execution was to
 take place has taken the whole community hy
 surprise. The evidence comes, most of it,
 from prostitutes and men of the lowest char
 acter. The killed was one who had threat
 ened vengeance to Goode and so far from
 being a gross sinner against light and educa
 tion, this poor man, in his whole life, has
 been the victim of the worst social influences.
 He belongs to that unfortunate class whom a
 cruel and social prejudice banishes from all
 those best influences which elevate and res
 train man. Do we select such a man as an
 example? While others are pardoned, what
 there in this case to demand the last dread
 ful penalty of the laws? Neither is he a
 hardened villain. He never injured man,
 woman or child before. lie was never ar
 -1 raigned before any Court except one, and that
 was for an act for which Rome would have
 given him a civic crown lather than a prison,
 for helping a slave to escape from Missouri.”
 The New England Washingtonian’s report
 of this meeting, from which I copy, says,
 that about five hundred signed the petition
 (Dr "the prisoner's reprieve and large numbers
 of petitions were called for and distributed.
 I Meetings similar to that held in Boston, are
 to be held in all the ptincipal towns through-
 I out the State previous to the execution. May
 the benevolent and philanthropic men who
 have taken up the case of this poor friendless
 victim of the debasing influence of Southern
 institutions, be successful in their efforts j. d.
Henry Clay’s Birthday was celebrated
 on Thursday evening of last week, at the
 Apollo Rooms, New York, by a large com
 pany of faithful Whigs, who still cling to the
 Ashland sage and his hell-invented scheme of
 colonization. Loud seems to have been the
 talk on that evening, of his regard for freedom.
 Gen. Leslie Coombs, Horace Greeley, and
 other prominent Whigs made speeches on
 the occasion. Henry Clay said in his speech
 in the Senate, Feb. 1839—' "It is not true
 and I rejoice that it is not true that either of
 the great parties in this country has any designs
 or aim at abolition Is it for the expression
 of such illiberal, unchristian sentiments as
 this, or for his recent cold-blooded expatria
 tion proposal, that the New York Whigs
 have been holding a glorification to his honor 1
 The Indians bow down before the idol Jug
 gernaut—-a bloody and revengeful monster
 and call him their god the Whigs (not all of
 them) bow down before their idol—Henry
 Clay, the high-priest of colonization—the
 arch-enemy of the colored race, and call him
 the friend of man —“the sentinel on the watch
 tower of Liberty.” Alackaday! how falli
 ble is man! t. o.
American Democracy—what it is.
 Foreigners of dififerent nations in our city
 are now circulating a paper for signatures re
 questing the call ot a meeting fur the purpose
 of considering the state and prospects of Re
 publicanism in Europe, and of adopting such
 means as may be best calculated to advance
 the hopes and interests of European Democ
 racy, and especially the cause of Italy.
 There is a lukewarmness apparent with regard
 to Italy that ill becomes all, who should dem
 onstrate to Europe that the Italian cause is
 watched with interest in our country. Path
 finder-
 Psha! what a mockery it is for a people
 who have juat elevated a slaveholder to the
 office of chief magistrate—who hold three mil
 lions of human beings in hopeless bondage—
 who deny to some six hundred thousand the
 rights of citizenship, simply because their skin
 is somewhat darker than that of the majority
 whose press and speech arc crushed under the
 influence of a slaveholding oligarchy—what a
 mockery for such a people to talk of “advanc
 ing the hopes and interests of European de
 mocracy The archbishop of Baltimore has
 addressed s letter to the clergy of of his dio
 eeae, in which he much more truly expresses
 the American sentiment on the subject of hu
 man freedom. Says he:—
 “Your earnest prayers will not be wanting
 for his [the Pope’s] speedy deliverance from his
 persecutions, relentlessly waged against bis
 sacred rights and august person by the enemies
 The friends of liberty in Italy, (on whose
 behalf the editor quoted from above is plead
 ing) the Rev. aiehhiabop call* “the enemies
 of God.” The Protestant church and clergy
 do exactly the seme thing, when they fellow
 ship slaveholders, and shut their doors and
 theh ears against the friend of the slave, sad
 sou-slavery diseoamoo. A very singular mode
 is that in which the Model Republic advances
 the chgae of democracy. The Blue Hen’s
 Chicken, of WUmingjpo, Del. furnishes the
 fallowing It is a common eese.
 M-jr man V™
 day. Friends of liberty is Italy, sod
 ye poor op permed victims of European king
 ed and despotism, read it and be grate*J for
 the “advancement of your hopes and year in
tercets” by such manifestation of regs|d for
 the cause of homo equality on the pert of
 Americas republicans'
 Runaway Slates. Joel Thomas, ei-
 SberifT of Queen Ann’s Couotv, Maryland,
 and a numbeT of other Marylanders, were in
 our city on Sunday evening last, looking for
 two slaves, who had run away fiotn Mr. Perry
 Mr timer, of Queen Ann’s County, Md. The
 slaves made their escape on Saturday night
 last, and walking all night, when last heard of,
 were passing over Summit Bridge, about three
 hours before their pursuers, en-route for this
 city. On Sunday night last, strict watch was
 being kept where the Hare’s Corner road en
 ters the Newcastle road, as it was supposed
 they would probably enter the city in the night.
 Chasing runaway slaves, imprisoning and
 tar-and-feathering those w ho help them to ee
 cape—such is the choice employment of Amer
 ican democrats. 1 would recall to the memo
 ry of all those who in this land of “stars and
 stripes proudly talk of “advancing the hopes
 of European democracy, the eloqueut lines of
 Whittier—
 Ami shall we scoff at Erropc’s kings.
 When Frcetlom’i fiie is dim with os,
 A lit I round our countn *s altar dings
 Tlic damning shade of Slavery’s curse?
 Go—let us ask of Constantine
 To loose bis grasp at Poland's throat
 Ami beg the ion) of Mahmoud's line
 To spare the struggling Suiiote.
 Will not the scorching answer come
 From turhaned Turk, and fiery Russ
 Go lose your fettered slaves at home,
 Then turn anti ask the like of us! —J. P.
A South era Argument.
 The anlislavery discussion now in progress
 in Kentucky, had the effect of Imaging
 up the subject of slavery in the Southern
 States, in a manner and to an extent, perhaps
 never before experienced in those regions of
 moral darkness.
 The following is an argument against the
 increase of slavery in Georgia, from the Au
 gusta (Ga Chronicle. Of course it is not
 the highest gtound. We don't expect to hear
 anything from Georgia, approaching to a
 moral argument for the abolition of slavery.
 People in that State know nothing al&gt;out the
 rights of negroes as men. It would be like
 “casting pearls before swine,” to offer such
 an argument for their acceptance. Probably
 the moral sense of the writer in the Chronicle
 is just as low as that of those whom he ad
 dresses; but whether the motive which led to
 the use of this argument was good or bad, il
 serves, like the straw, to show which way the
 wind blows, and is significant of the feeling
 and the policy by which the 'South is begin
 ning to be actuated. As in the morning be
 fore the sun appears above the horizon, ligh
 is visible on the hill-top, giving promise of ap
 proaching day; so may the fact that Southen
 writers use such arguments, partial and im
 perfect though they are, be the harbinger o
 the speedy dispelling of that worse than E
 gyptian night, which for sixty long years ha&gt;
 1 rested like thick scales on the moral eyes#* ll
 of American slaveholders. The bin* 1 raan
 that was healed, first saw men as walk
 ing; soon after that he saw “clearly*” The
 most dangerous disease is no# utterly incura
 able. The worst of men uot utterly be
 yond redemption. Anu-slavery truth will yet
 reach, and soften, aiW subdue the hard heart
 of the slaveholder* -Did I oot believe that in
 every human bring our Heavenly bather has
 implanted the germs of goodness, which re
 quire only culture and care, to bring to matur
 ity and fruitfulness, 1 should abandon my
 faitbin God —progress —the ultimate triumph
 of right, and turn atheist. Hut I meant only
 to introduce an extract from the Augusta
 Chronicle, showing the progress of Southern
 sentiment. It is given below.— j. d.
 “The Caucasian race outnumbers the
 African in the United States at this time, as
 six to one. No more negroes are coming into
 the country from abroad; whilst Europe is
 sending over a million of white laborers to
 reside permanently, and multiply rapidly in
 the American Union, every four years. The
 ceaseless progress of this ever-augmenting
 disparity in the number of the two races,
 and of two distinct classes of laborers, must
 eventuate in changing the character, com
 plexion, habits, customs and laws of society.
 It cannot remain stationary; and it is the part
 of sound, conservative statesinenship to Ibre
 see coining events, aud shape them so as to
 1 advance the best interests of the community.
 Although we do not believe that the Conveu
 tion to Term a new Constitution in Kentucky
 will lake any action in favor of emancipation,
 immediate or remote, nevertbe less, the time
 will come when property in slaves will cease
 to be desirable in that State.
 As slavts can only be imported into Georg
 ia by exporting Jfieir full value in productive
 capital, would it nut be a wiser policy for this
 State to keep its money at home, and invite
 intelligent citizens to come here and settle,
 who will create more wealth and taxable pjop
 erty than an equal number of slaves, and cost
 us nothing l One hundred thousand white la
 borers wt ul 1 cost the commonwealth not a
 single dollar; whilst they would be worth to
 it an average of 750 each. We would not
 only make the must of all the rural industry
 which Georgia now possesses, by employing
 it to the best possible advantage; but we anxi
 ously hope o see it, in truth and in reality,an
 “Empire State” in population, in wealth, and
 in the full enjoyment of a ten-fold larger pro
 ductive power.
 In studying our own narrow personal inter
 eats, vi are to apt to overlook the higher, the
 broader, and more enduring interests of the
 State. To build it up, we must keep all its
 moveable property and citizens within its
 bonnds. We must make it the beet State in
 the Union for Europeans and the citizens of
 other Slates to settle in, with their capital,
 their labor aud tbeir enterprise.
Ohio— New Constitution. —The atten
 tion of our readers in Ohio—especially our
 colored readers—is requested to the letter
 which will be found in another column, on
 the subject of the new constitution for that
 aiate. Let the colored citizens of Ohio see
 to it, that no such clause as that restricting the
 right to vote to the “free white male inhabi
 tants or any other restriction baaed upon
 color, finds its way into the contemplated
 Constitution. You have the power to do this,
 if you will only bestir yourselves. Let your
 voices be distinctly beard throughout the State
 demanding your rights, and your enemies
 must yield—if not to justice —at least to shame.
 Call meetings, conventions —any thing—ooly
 let your voices be heard, and that quickly.
 Begin to act at once—and do not cease to
 net, till the proposed alteration is consum
 mated. The proposal to call a convention is
 agoodooe. Itis the business of the Stale
 Central Committee to see to Uus. Let it bu
 done.—j. d.
Dkum UMHiiew is the Lon
 don papers a sew work, twenty monthly
 numbers, to be loramennrd on tbe first of May.
 The tide is not yet known.
(•altfornin. -Tlir; Dark s*Me.
 The follow mg letter froui*a rfluinwl GolJ-
 Hunter applied m a late number of the N«w
 \ork 1 nbrnii’. Tin* writer weat out tu the
 Northerner toOirgiersnJtlwDre to Panama.
 W hat lie six a i 4 he-uJ not 90 enuring,
 but pert?aj&gt;B 39 near the truth as many other
 accounts from that quarter. He mentioned
 also, in a previous communication, that lie
 had met Jt Panama two British gentlemen
 who had hcen to the mines. They thought
 they could d as well working for a dollar
 a-day, as in digging gold on the Sacramento.
 Tlmy estimated the average yield to the hand
 at $5,00 per day and the cost of living at
 $6,00’ Is it not a grand thing to he a gold
 digger? There were many, however who
 did better, but this was, in their judgment,
 a fair average.
 Since the arrival of the Crescent City from
 the Isthmus, several statements have appeared
 in tbr public print*, so contrary to the truth
 and to nv own recent experience, that I deem
 it a duty incumbent on me to publish to the
 world a faithful account.
 In the early pan of this year, a party of
 sixteen stout, hearty and intelligent youngmeii
 of Worcester, Mass, organized themselves
 into a company for the purpose of mining and
 trading in California. We arrived m Ncw-
 Vork 111 February, purchased our outfits, im
 plements, Ac. at an expense of several
 thousand dollars, and sent goods around (he
 Horn to the value of several thousand dollars
 more.
 On the Ist March, after having l»een strong
 ly advised to take the Isthmus route, and
 informed that there were no passengers wail
 ing at Panama, w e left .New-York in the North
 erner for Chagres. We had a pleasant passage
 of 12 da\s. The Northerner anchored some
 ten miles from Chagres, at an anchorage
 known as Navy Bay.—Here we were trans
 erred to the Orus ami taken up to Chagres,
 and thence up the river as far as the Orus
 could go—say ten or twelve miles. Next
 day (6th of March) we were transferred
 from the Orus to canoes, and after two days
 paddling were landed at Gorgon a. Whole ex
 pense of passage from Navy Bay to Gorgona,
 12 per man. Five feet of baggage allowed
 to each person. Every foot extra 60 cents.
 It was the 18th of March when we arrived
 at Gorgona. Pitched our tents and got ready
 to turn in about midnight. Next day visited
 the tow n and found that consideiable sickness
 prevailed, that several had died and man r
 were dying of fevers at Panama.
 One the 20th March, at sunrise, Mj ot
 I tomly, a member of our Company, ao/* 11 8
 started on horseback for Panama, which
 Elace we arrived about 8 o’clock iK Bara e day.
 distance 30 miles—road very
 At Panama we found a number of
 Americans say I,2oo— aumg a chance
 lur|conveyance to Calify^' 3 bey appeared
 to be in great distress** 1 went around asking
 one another what 8 done. Some had
 exhausted all tho' mean9 others were weak
 ened and emac»* tet sickness and exposure
 to the fatal estate of the Isthmus, and num
 bers were squally dying. They had found
 to their some to their ruin, that the
 1 represe 4,a, i° n 8 made to them in New-York
 by invested parties about the facilities for
 f from Panama to California were ail
 pise, and that they had been most grossly
 deceived by individuals in New-York, of
 whom they had expected belter things, and
 who knew they were uttering untruths when
 they stated that means of getting to California
 from Panama were abundant. No vessels of
 any consequence stay at Panama. It is many
 hundred miles out of a vessel’s course. As
 for British steamers going from Panama to
 San Francisco it is a humbug. They don’t
 goto San Fianciscoat all. Their route lies
 exclusively between Lima, Valparaiso and
 Panama.
 We waited at Panama several days—quite
 long enough to ascertain that there was no
 chance at all for a passage to San Francisco.
 We had the benefit of the experience of hun
 dreds of out fellow-Ameiicans, many of whom
 had been awaiting a passage for weeks and
 months in vain. The California, due on the
 13th March, had not arrived on the 23d. The
 rainy season was about commencing, and,
 taking all things into consideration, we
 deemed it best to put about arid return home.
 Accordingly, we returned to Gorgona to ad
 vise our comrades, but found that they had
 already started for Panama. Such of us (six)
 as could gather our baggage in time for the
 Crescent City, returned to New-York in that
 steamer. The rest will return by the first
 opportunity.
 This is a plain, unvarnished and disinterest
 ed statement. In thus pultingjit forth I have
 no other purpose to serve than to warn my
 countrymen against the Isthmus rout. My
 company was composed of athletic and cour
 ageous young men, able to endure any hard
 ship and willing to face any danger, But
 with no chance of a passage from Panama to
 San Francisco they were averse to remaining
 with no other prospect before them but 4 hope
 deferred’ until death should cut them dow n.
 A number of mercenary letter-writers, un
 der good pay, reside at the Isthmus and
 discourse sweetly on the beauties of Gorgona
 and Panama. But of all places in this wide
 world—and I have been around and seen the
 elephant in divers parts—save me and iny
 friends, and God save you, good reader, from
 the Isthmus.— During the.day snn pours down
 his heat in the most insufferable manner. 1
 never knew anything about heat until I got
 there. At night 1 had to sleep in the com
 pany of lizards, ants, gallinippers, scorpions,
 Ac. Ac. But I could have Mood all this very
 well. What wc complain of is being swin
 dled by interested parties in New-York,
 whose sole aim is to make money, regardless
 of human life and human suffering.
 While on the Isthmus I made particular
 inquiry and observation as to the number there
 awaiting a passage to San Francisco, and
 can with safety say that at Panama theie
 were at least 1,200, at Gorgona 500,and about
 500 on their wav across the Isihmus.
 S. DOWNES, of Worcester, Mas*.
 Ixivejoy’a Hotel, New-York, April V, IH4*J.
 The Boston Courier also publishes a letter
 from a writer on hoard the ship Capitol, com
 plaining of the scarcity and had quality of the
 provisions supplied to the passengers on hoard
 that ship. The writer says 4 there was a
 regular time on hoard, and if the individual
 who fitted out the ship had sailed with the
 crew it might have been the worse for him.”
 Discontent rose to such a height, that an
 indignation meeting was held under tho
 main hatch. A string of resolutions setting
 forth their grievances was passed and signed
 by 120 names. Capt. Proctor, received the
 resolutions politely, and a sort of diplomatic
 correspondence ensued, which does not seem
 to have resulted in aaythiug satisfactory to
 the passengers. Here is a list of the dainties
 furnished to the forecahto passengers, which,
 moreover, they had to take “out of tin plates,
 which they held on their knees and with
 wooden spoons made by themselves.”
 The first week, for breakfast, we were
 favored with “Lohecouse,” made of eiackers
 and meat boiled together—that one dsy, and
 the next morning, “Dandy Funk,” made of
 crackers soaked, with a little molasses in it—
 regular slope, not 6t for the hogs, h was no
 uncommon thing to find a doien or so hairs
 in U, and 10 one plate one of the cook’s teeth
 was found. Since the first week w« have
 it*! made of “Salt Horse” and sour
 potatoes.
 So much for the disagreeables of the sea
 voyage. Travellers by land seem pel to for®
 much better. A correspondent of tbe New
 ark Advertiser, writing from Mexico, through
