POETRT.
From the National F-r*.
 YORKTOWX.
 &gt;V l. O. W HITTII.It.
 Dr. TWlwT,i iin;'Mn i;i Hrammel'i B
 Itw (Wjen| lx** of thr *j4" Vutitoa*.
 TV lik&gt;«r on (V Vinp iia Hs'itafm*i» Prr
 fccm«l ln a tpo iii of tW h«n»a rart*,
 cruet! v wmlfJ fi&lt;*«t iV-ir naii*c crmntrj.
 ikomr 1 fr. pt)&gt;t'(&gt;nl Inti lss »I'*! l t!*** r n*»*trr&gt;
 an m i tf'ilK contra H i? ft (in' k»n *a«l the natural
 ri*hu M man. f*och w tin- inr.Hi*i*tcnrj human
 nature.”
 K«thtecn IwwArwt were four*! at YmVuvrn
 after it« wnm nW,an rotore I to tUrir BiadiTi.
 Well im it s«i'l In l)r. Btraw, in fcu late noth on
 Wamj
 N" «larc n w any nearer hi* free lion after the
 •nrrr-vlcr of Yorktown, that when Pwrirk lletin
 lh»t the outer of LHvnj to echo ainon- Up
 hill* an.l rale* of irginUi”
 h&gt;om Yorkinit iTk mine, ranked ami »tUI„
 Two liner rtreteh far o’er rale and hill:
 WV&gt; eurlw hie etee at head of onet
 Mark! tlie low iminmir: Washin-t ni!
 Who hrwl* bin keen approving
 hi'f l**tl&lt;l» down th*- K ir-r&lt;»U!« liar of Franrel
 ShiiM-, *tar an I j.hrne of mum
 Wm, too, art vi'lor. hoduuilcau!
 The earth, wliirl; U-at« thin calm arm,
 Sh aik with tlie war-charge yrdenh),
 l'lowd &lt;h***j&gt; with homing !**»f a.n! nlteel,
 Shot-row n and Ma&gt;k d thick with *twl,
 tktiiVr clear and noon—bn «uu
 in tie* bri.ith-ttwoke of tlie pm.
 And down V A l.tiki,. fi-11,
 Like a &lt;lroppe&lt;l Mar, tin' liiazi ig *l* 11.
 riom ail is ki/h;.]; tJje gl.-mniing li:K*
 Stand mov«'h»?i* a« tin* pin.-*;
 W hile ilm-iii, xuilt-ii, grim, and slow,
 The ooejiK-rrai hosts of Co'land g
 Odhra’i lirm* Indies iiix dres?,
 f*i) larhtxi's troop rides liairnertosr
 Shout, fiooi tin fired and wasted Inoues,—
 TJ»j scourge, Virginia, captive, conies!
 Tor those alone!—with one ;;lad voice
 I .cl all thy si-'er States rejoice:
 Let Freedom, ii wdiatever etime,
 Site waits with sleepless i-ve her time,
 Shouliog from rave and mountain wood,
 Make glad her desert solitude,—
 hiU* liiev who hunt her quail w ith lear:
 Tlie New V\ orld s duiii lies broken here!
 Ifut who are they, who, cowering, wait
 dV itliiii tlie shattered fortress gated
 I kirk tillers of Virginia’s soil,
 tdlassed with the I tattle’s common spoil,
 With household stuffs, and fowl, and swine,
 Willi Indian weed and planters’ wine,
 With stolen Iseves and foraged corn—
 Ale they not men, Virginian I torn?
 Oh! Veil jour fares, young and brave!
 Sleep, Scammi'l, in thy soldier-grave!
 Sons of th: .\&lt;&gt;tdtl.tiid, vc who set
 Stout hearts against the Imyonet,
 And pressed with steady footfall near
 The moated iKttterj’s blazing tier!
 Turn your scarred faces from the sight,
 tet sliame do homage to file Right?
 Lo! threescore years have passed; and where
 Tlie (iaiiir timbrel stirm.l flic air,
 With Northern drum-roll, and the clear,
 ild horn-blow of the in nintaineer.
 While Britain grmtiulc 1 on tiiut pbtin
 The arms -he might not lift again,
 As abject us iti that old day
 'Hie Slave still toils his life awav.
 Oh! fields still green and fresh in story.
 Old thtys of pride old names of glory.
 Old marvels of the tongue and pen.
 Oil thoughts which stirred the liearts of men,
 Ye spared tlie wrong; and over all
 Behold In’ avenging shadow fall!
 Your world-wide honor stained w ith shame—
 Your freedom’s self a hollow name!
 Where’s now the flag of that old war?— 1
 Where flows its strijie? where bums its star?
 Bear witness, Palo Alto’s day,
 Dark veil of palais, red Monterey,
 Where Mexic Freedom, young and weak,
 Fleshes tin- Northern eagle’s beak:
 Symbol of terror and despair,
 Of chains andslavcs, go seek it there!
 Laugh, Prussia, midst thy iron ranks?
 Laugh, Russia, from thy Neva’s hanks!
 Brave sport to see the fledgling lxim
 Of Freedom by its parent torn!
 Safe, now, your Sjieilburg’s dungeon cell,
 Safe drear Siberia’s frozen hell:
 With Slavery’s flag o’er both unrolled,
 What of the New world fears the Old?
 MOVE ON!

 BV M. C. COOJiE..
 Tlie march of lifi- should never stay
 All things should onward tend;
 Man should not clog progression's wav,
 But strive to move and mend.
 The waters move in depths of ocean,
 Tlte streams along the dales;
 And rivulets, with onward mel on,
 Through sweet and verdant vales,
 Move on!
 *She clouds move gently through the sky,
 Vl»e earth rolls ever on
 Time swiftly in his course runs by.
 And years pass one by one.
 Men, too, should strive to follow them,
 In th is their onward way.
 Permitting naught the tide to stein.
 But ever, day by day,
 Move on!’
 M«n may lie wiser, if they strive—
 More virtuous, if they will;
 And who within this world would thrive,.
 Must aim at higher still!
 I/ft priests stand timidly doctrines old,
 The wise will [wi.-s them by; I I
 Weak minds may cling with subtle hold,
 But strong ones valiantly
 Move on!
 SUtteftmeu, in vain, of days gone by, 1
 May prate that thev were
 Our g sd must ever forward lie— I
 Progression gives us zest. 1 I
 Our destiny is centred here,
 I Vhi&lt;led In' no creed;
 We know not terror, lu «-d not fear,
 But still, witii greater speed, I
 Move on!

 Likr roai.l4 th&lt;* »n*un,
 F)ov. 11 mountains piled on higti— i
 Like c! »i»'.s forover in to)uoi.tiu3,
 'Flint move across the sky— l
 Will we foldin' ouwanl pit-ss,
 I’ll us fetterless ao i bee;
 And tleetuiug virtue happi s ss,
 Our watdiwori! ever lie,
 More on V
 the avenoer of r:?E slave.
 Who skill avenge tin* Slave? I stoix! ami critol:
 The EatUt! the Earth! the criming sew rrplmd. j
 1 turned roe To flic Ocean; Uit ra&lt; Ii ware
 Ikf liiu il to 1*; die avenger of tin- Slave.
 Who skill aictig■: llie Slave? My sjiecie# cry,
 The uuiai*,. til/- Is, the lig'ttai.ijs of the sky!
 t turned to these—from tlie.n one echo ran—
 The rifhl ave pv of die slave is man.
 Maw wim m* fellow—«m hi* sight I rtood,
 Wept, wud Uwoughl him »w die voice of Woort I
 Hternly he l/Miked, a* proui oneartli Itr trod,
 IVo waid, Tlw avengi-r &gt;4 ilw- Slave is ftoil."
 I LmJum oi prayer to ll'-nr.—a rrlntc Ist, a(i||; l
 And ihcn disi’t i./ur icphi/i, J will,** I
sELfirrioirs.
From thr JWI for 1848.
 TIIE IRULIRKtIIOJI and fU HERO.
 A TALK OF THE SOUTH.
1
 er A WkCTHION.
 j| If* reader, you hove never lived in a
 slave-land, you can know nothing, coin-
 I paratively, t»fthe terror which an insor
 1 section creates.
 All other perils are understood.—
 Fire upon land, or storm at sea, wrap
 ping mortals in a wild or watery shroud,
 may he readily imagined. Pestilence,
 walking abroad in tlie city, making the
 sultry air noisome and heavy, hushing
 the busy throng, awing into silence
 heated avarice, and glooming the very
 hati.its of civilization, as if they were
 charnel-houses, can be quickly un
 derstood. But the appalling terror
 of a slave revolt, made instinct with
 life, and stunning, as it pervades the
 community—the nntlrscribed and inde
 scribable horror which fills and sways
 every bosom as the word is whispered
 along the streets, or borne quickly from
 hous&lt;‘ to house, or speeded by fleetest
 couriers from plantation to plantation—
 “an insurrection!”—“an insurrec
 tion!” must he fell and teen to be re
 alized.
 Nor is this strange. The blackest
 ills arc associated with it. Hate, deep
 anJ undying, to be gratified—revenge,
 as bitter and fiendish as the heart can
 feel, to be glutted over while indulged
 —lust, unbridled and fierce, to be glut
 ted—death, we know not how or where,
 hut death in its basest and most agoni
 zing form; or life, dishonored and
 more horrible than most excruciating
 death these are the essence of an in
 surrection. Could worse forms of evil
 be conjured up? Can any human ac
 tions, —the very darkest that walk at
 midnight,—excite equal terror? Wc
 i pity slaveholders who are startled by
 j the dread of it, and wonder at their
 want of manhood in exposing the gen
 tler sex to this human whirlwind of
 fury, and revenge, and lust, and death.
 But to our story. I remember, when
 a hoy, going out one bright day on a
 hunting excursion, and, on returning in
 the evening, meeting at the bridge, a
 mile or more from the town I live in, a
 body of armed inen. The road turns
 suddenly, as you approach the spot from
 the south, and is skirted, on either side,
 by deep swamps. I did not see them,
 consequently, until I cainc directly up
 on them.
 Where have you been?” was the!
 abrupt question put to me by the cap-|
 1 tain, without offering the usual saluta
 tion.
 “I have been hunting,” I replied,
 along the banks of the river, and up
 by the old Hermitage.”
 “Hid you see or meet any one con
 tinued my questioner, no man else say
 ing a word.
 J “No one.”
 “Go home, instantly,” he said im
 peratively, “and keep up the main road.;
 Don’t cross over by the swamp, or the'
 old ford,” —two nearer footpaths to the!
 j town, skirling heavily timbered land.
 I cannot recollect now whether I had
 heard before of an insurrection. I had 1
 I not, certainly, thought much about it,
 if at all. But I knew, instantly, why
 these armed citizens were at the bridge.
 The low, compressed, yet clear voice
 of the captain, the silence of his men,
 their audible breathing as they waited
 for my replies to his questions, their,
 military order, with sentries in advance*
 —told me all, and I experienced a dread
 which chilled me through; and the
 deepening shade of the forest, under;
 which I had so often whistled merrily, 1
 served now to add to the gloom of the 1
 hour. I asked no more questions.—
 With quickened pace I pushed up the
 main road, and was not long in reach
 ing my father’s house. I wished to I
 to know the worst, and to help in meet-
 ing it.
 I found all alarm at home. Guns
 j were stacked in the passage, and men
 were there ready to use them. Two
 friends were in the parlor, informing
 the household of the place of rendez
 vous for the women and children, and
 the signal which was to he given if the
 I town should he “fired,” or an attack be
 made upon it by the negroes. I in
 quired, and learned here the cause and,
 extent of the danger.
 That morning, a negro had informed
 his master of the plot, and had repre
 sented to him that it reached plantations
 an hundred miles off, and embraced
 the thickest negro settlements in the
 State
 The first step taken Mas, to arrest
 tile leaders named (some thirty in num
 ber) by the informer. The second, to
 inform town and county of the impend
 ing danger. Armed patrols were start
 ed out in every direction. Every
 avenue to the towoi was guarded,
 and every hous* in it made a sort of
 military flirt. The apprehension was,
 that the plantation negroes would rise,
 an&lt;t sweep all before them, with fire and
 sword; and the white strength” was
 prepared, in all its force, to meet this
 contingency.
 The master, if he be kind to his
 bondmen, is apt to believe that they will
 never turn ngninst him. We hear
 planters say, “I would arm my slaves,”
 whenever this subject is broached.—
 This is a strong expression, and to be
 received with grains of allowance,”
 as the sequel will illustrate. Yet, hoy
 like, I felt as it no soul, in our yard, 1
 could strike a blow against one of the 1
 family, and, in this temper, I went to;
 1 the- servants’ quarters. Not one of them' 1
 I was out a strange event aud not a
 neighbor’s domestic was in a still
 stranger circumstance! They were
 silent as the grave. Even “Momma,”
 privileged to say and do what she
 pleased, and who would be heard amid
 the laughter and tongue-clatter of the; 1
 j rest, had nothing to tell me. 1 a-ked 1
 a few questions; they were simply an- 1
 sw'ered. It was evident that the ser
 vants were frightened; they knew not,'
 what they feared; hut they were spell-i 1
 bound by an undefined dread of evil to|
 (them, and harm tons. Indeed, this
 was the case w ith the blacks generally, i
 and while the excitement lasted, the I
 pat sol did not arrest one slave away i
 from his quarters! An honest Irishman i
 remarked at the time, it was hard to t
 tell which were most frightened, the
 whites or the negroes!”
The proposed reroll, u rffards ter
 ritory, was an extended otoe. It em
 biteed a region haring over forty thou
 sand male slave*. But the plot was
 poorly arranged, and it was clear that
 those who planned it. knew little of
 nothing of the power they had to meet
 and master. For six months the lead
 ers of it had been brooding over theii
 design, and two days before its con
 summation they were in prison, and
 virtually doomed as felons! Thru
 seizure arrested the insurrection with
 out bloodshed, —but not without a sac
 rifice of lift! That was demanded bj
 society and the law and made. Thirtect
 of the negroes arrested were declared
 guilty, and hung! They bad, accord
 ing to all notions, then, a fair trial;
 lawyers defended them, and did theii
 best; an impartial and intelligent jun
 determined their fate; and by the voic«
 of man, not of Grid, this number of hu
 man beings was legally” sent out o
 existence!
 The leader of the insurrection
 Isaac I k/icw well. He was heat
 man to a family intimate with mine.—
 Implicit confidence was placed in him
 not only by his master, but by the min
 ister of the church, and everybody wh&lt;
 knew him. The boys called him “Un
 cle Isaac,” and the severest patro
 would take his word, and let him go hit
 way.
 lie was some forty yiars old when h«
 first planned the revolt. His physica
 development was fine. He was mus
 cular and active, the very man a sculp
 tor would select for a model. And yet
 with all his great strength, he was kirn
 and affectionate, and simple as a wo
 man! He was never tired of “doing’
 for others. In intellect, he was richly
 gifted—no negro in the place couh
 compare with him for clear-headednesi
 and nobleness of will. He was born t&lt;
 make a figure, and, with equal advan
 tages, would have been among the firs
 in any throng. He had character r tha
 concentration of religious, moral, ant
 mental strength, which, when possesset
 by high or low, gives man power ovei
 his fellows, and imparts life to his act!
 and name.
 His superiority was shown on th&lt;
 trial. It was necessary to prove tha
 he was the leader, and counsel wert
 about taking this step. I am th&lt;
 man,” said Isaac. There was no hesi
 in his manner, no treniulousnes!
 in »i. voice; the words sounded nat
 urally but so clear and distinct thai
 the Court and audience knew it was so
 and that it could not have been otliar
 wisc.
 An effort was made to persuade hin
 to have counsel. His young masters
 pressed the point. The Court urged
 him. Slaveholders were anxious for it,
 not only because they could not help li
 king his bearing, but because they
 wished to still every voice of censure,
 far or near, by having a fair trial for
 ill. But he was resolute. He made
 10 set speeches; played no part.—
 O’lear above all, and with the authori
 ative tone of truth, he replied: “I am
 the man, and am not afaid or ashamed
 to confess it.”
 Sentence of death was passed upon
 him and twelve others!
 The next step, before the last, was,
 to ascertain all the negroes who had
 entered into the plot. Isaac had man
 aged this part wisely, kept his
 own counsel, and, besides his brother,
 as was supposed, no one knew who had
 agreed to nelp him at home, or from a
 distance. The testimony was abundanl
 that he had the promise of such help.
 His declaration to the colored inform
 er, the bonfire of the town will raise
 forty thousand armed men for us,”
 was given in %idence. He admitted
 the fact. But no ingenuity, no prom
 ises, no threats, could induce or force
 him to reveal a single name. You
 have me,” he said; “not one othei
 shall you get if I can prevent it. The
 only pain I feel, is, that my life alont
 is not to be taken. If these,” pointing
 to his fellow captives, w r ere safe, i
 should die triumphantly.”
 The anxiety on this point, naturally,
 was very deep, and when the usual ex
 pedients had failed, the following
 scheme was hit upon. Isaac loved his
 minister, as everybody did who wor
 shipped at his altar, and the minister
 reciprocated heartily that love. “Isaac
 will not resist him—he will get out oi
 Isaac all we want to know”—this was
 the general belief, and acting upon it,
 a committee visited the pastor. An
 explanation took place, and the good
 rnan readily consented to do all he
 :ould.
 He went to the cell. The slave
 ielon and the man of God confronted
 each other!
 I come, Isaac,” said the latter, “to
 ind out from you everything about this
 vicked insurrection, and you,”—“Mas
 er,” hastily interrupted Isaac, “you
 :ome for no such purpose. You may
 lave been over-persuaded to do so, or
 mthinkingly have given your consent,
 lut will you, who first taught me reli
 gion, who made me to know that my
 fesus suffered and died in truth—will
 'ou tell me to betray confidence sa
 redly entrusted to me, and thus sacri
 ice others’ lives, because my life is to
 le forfeited? Cau you persuade me,
 is a sufferer and strugglcr for freedom,
 o turn traitor to the very men who
 rere to help me Oh, master! let me
 ove you;” and rising, as if uncertain
 »f the influence of his appeal, to his
 ull stature, and looking his minister di
 ectly ia the face, he added, with
 otnniandiug majesty you know
 ae.”
 I wish the r erg language of Isaac,
 he slave, could be used. I wish I
 ouldNrepeat the tale as I heard the old
 uinistcr tell it. So minute, yet so nat
 iral, so particular in detail, yet so life
 ike! The jail, its inner cell, the look
 tnd bearing of Isaac, his calmness, his
 greatness of soul! It was touching in
 he extreme. I have known sternest
 lavehoiders to weep like children as
 hey would listen to the story. But
 can only narrate it as 1 remember it,
 n briefest outline. The old divine coo
 inued:
 I could not proceed. I looked at
 sane; uiy eye foil before his. I could
 ot forget his rebuke. 1 acknowledged
 iy sin. For the first time in my maniste
 ial life, I had done a mean, a bane
 ct, and standing by the side of a
 hawed felon, I foil myself to be ike
 rimiual.
 A long rifonre ensued. The imnis-
I 1 4
 ter was ia hopes that Isaac would bread
 it? he did not. He made several ef
 fist* to do so, b«( toiled. Recoverto|
 from his shock at length, and reverting
 in h a own mind, to the horrors whicl
 the revolt would have occasioned,he re
 sumed the conversation thus:
 But, base, yoars was a wicket
 plot; and, if you had succeeded, yot
 would have made the very streets rut
 blood. How could you think of this
 How consent to kill your old mis
 tress? How dream of slaying me am
 mine?**
 “Master,” Isaac quickly responded
 I lore old master and mistress.
 love you and yours. I would die t&lt;
 bless you any time. Master, I wouit
 hurt no human being, no living thing
 But you taught me that God was th*
 God of black as well as white—that h&lt;
 was no respecter of persons—that ii
 his eye all were alike equal,—and thtt
 there was no religion unless we love*
 him and our neighbor, and did tint*
 others as we would they should do unti
 us. Master, I was a slave. My wifi
 and children were slaves. If equa
 with others before Gt d, they should b*
 equal among men. I saw my younj
 masters learning, holding what thej
 made, and making what they could—
 But, master, my tace could make noth
 ing, hold nothing. What they did thej
 did for others, not for themselves. An*
 they had to do it, whether they wishe*
 it or not, for they were slaves. Mas
 ter, this is not loving our neighbor, oi
 i doing to others as we would have then
 do to us. I knew there was and coul*
 be no help for me, for wife or children
 for my iace, except we were all free
 and as the whites would not let this b&lt;
 so, and as God told me he could onlj
 help those who helped themselves,
 preached freedom to the slaves, and bit
 'jthem strike for it like men. Master
 we were betrayed But I tell you now
 if we had succeeded, I should hav*
 slain old master and mistress and yoi
 first, to show my people that I coul*
 sacrifice iny love, as I ordered them t&lt;
 sacrifice their hates, to have justice
 justice for them—justice for mine—jus
 tice for all. I should have been mis-
 I erable and wretched for life. I coulc
 not kill any human creature without be-
 I ing so. But, master, God here”—point
 ing with his chained hand to his heart—
 “told me then, as he tells me now, that
 I was right.
 I don’t know how it was,” contin
 ued the old minister, but I was over
 powered. Isaac mastered me. It wai
 not that his reasoning was conclusive;
 that I could have answered easily; bul
 my conduct had been so base, and his
 honesty was so transparent, his look sc
 earnest and sincere, his voice so com
 manding, that I forgot everything in
 sympathy for him. He was a hero,
 and bore himself like one, without
 knowing it! I knew, by that instinct
 which ever accompanies goodness, that
 the slave-felon’s conscience was un
 stained by crime, even in thought; anc
 grasping him by the hand, without
 scarce knowing what I was going tc
 do, I said, Isa&amp;c, let us pray. And
 prayed long, prayed earnestly. I did
 not stop to think of my words. My
 heart poured itself out, and I was re
 lieved.”
 i “And what,” I asked, “was the char
 acter of your prayer?”
 “What it ought to have been,” en
 ergetically replied the old divine. I
 prayed to God as our common Father.
 I acknowledged that he would do jus
 tice that it was hard for us poor mor
 tals to say who was right and who wrong
 ion earth; that the very best were sin
 ners, and those deemed the worst by us
 might be regarded the best by Him.—
 I prayed for Isaac. I prayed God to
 forgive him, if wrong; to forgive the
 whites, if he was right; to forgive and
 bless all. I was choked with tears. I
 caught hold of Isaac’s hand and press
 ed it warmly, received his warm
 I pressure in return. And with a joy I
 S never experienced before or since, 1
 heard his earnest, solemn “Amen,” as
 I closed.
 “We stood together for some time
 in silence. Isaac w r as deeply mov
 ed. I saw it by the working of his
 frame, and the muscle of his face, and
 his eye. For the first time, tear-drops
 stood on his eye-lids. But stilling ev
 ery emotion, be began, as calmly as if
 he were going to rest:
 4 Master, I shall die in peace, and
 I give you a dying man’s blessing. I
 shall see you no more on earth. Give
 my love to old master and mistress,
 and’—for a moment he faltered, but
 with concentrated energy choked down
 instantly his deepest emotion, as he
 continued, more solemnly that I ever
 heard mortal speak— and, master, if
 you love me, if you love Jesus, lead
 my wife and children as you have led
 me, to—heaven. God forever bless
 you, master.*
 We parted I saw him no more.—
 I could not see him hung, or pray for
 him, as requested to do by others, at
 the last dying hour. I had been with
 him long. For lour hotirs we were to
 gether in his narrow, noisome cell.—
 How indcllibly are the events which
 occurred in them impressed upon my
 memory! Oh, Slavery! Slavery!”
 The citizens outside awaited anx
 iously the good minister’s egress from
 the jail, and, when he appeared, crowd
 ed round him to know* the result. He
 looked like' one jaded with a long jour
 ney. He was worn down. “It is
 useless—it is useless—let him die ini
 peace,” was all be said; and seeing
 that he was deeply moved, and taking
 it for granted that he had been engaged
 in devotional exercises with the dying,
 silence pervaded the group, and he was
 allowed to depart is peace. And never
 in public or in a mixed audience, would
 that minister refer to Isaac, or the hours
 b« spent with him!
 No other effort to elicit information
 from the leader was made, and none
 who promised him help, were discovered
 through him.
 The death-day came. A mighty
 crowd gathered to witness the sad event
 to which, in that place, it was to be de
 voted; and the military, with gleaming
 sword* and bright bayonets, stood un
 der the gallows to guard against es
 cape or difficulty. Six felons” were
 upon the gallows—it could hold no more
 —«*d Isaac was first on the list. “Be
 men,** said he, when one of the num
 ber showed some timidity, “and die
 like men. 11l give you an example
then pbejr, wy brother.’* That brother
 stood nest farm. Isaac gazed intently
 upon the crowd—some thought he was
 I looking for his wile and children—and
 i j then spoke his farewell to his young
 masters. A few words passed between
 him and hts brother, when, saying an*
 dibly, IH die a freeman,"he sprmne
 up as high as he could, and fell heari
 lr as the knotted rope cheeked his fidl.
 Instantly bis ftaine was con raised, and
 in its muscular action, his feet neared
 the plank on which he bad stood, look
 mg as if he thought to regain it. His
 brother, turning his face to his com
 rades, deliberately put his hand up
 on his side, and leaning forward, held
 I the body clear with his elbow, as he
 said, let us die like him.*’
 The authorities perceiving that the
 i terrors tf the law would be lost, and
 i none of 4, the good” they anticipated be
 secured among the blacks, especially,
 II who filled up the outer circle of the
 dense crowds, if this lofty heroism were
 (.witnessed. They proceeded rapidly
 (j with the execution, and in a few mo
 i meats, Isaac and his brother, and
 their felon comrades, were asleep to
 gether!
 The bodies of the blacks, after
 dangling in the air the usual time, as if
 in mockery of heaven and earth, were
 cut down, coffined, and carted away to
 their burial-place. This was an out
 ofi-the-way old field, with a stagnant
 lagoon on three sides of it, and a bar
 ren sand-waste, covered with a sparse
 1 growth of short pines, on the other.
 Beneath the shade of one of these
 pines w'hich skirted the field, and not
 far off from the felons’ graves, a col
 ored woman, and a cluster of lit
 tle ones, might have been seen.—
 I These were Isaac’s wife and children.
 They stood where the;* were, until all,
 save one white man, had departed. He!
 made a signal, and they approached
 the burial spot. He pointed to a par-
 J ticular spot, and left. None know, 1
 save our Father, how long the widowed
 one and the fatherless remained there,
 or what were their emotions. But next
 morning, a rough stake was found
 driven into the earth, beneath which
 Isaac lay, and ere the next Sabbath:
 dawned, a pile of stones, with an np
 right memorial, was placed at the head
 of his grave. How these stones were
 obtained—for none like them were to
 be seen within thirty or forty miles—
 no one could say, though all knew i cho
 put them there. The rude me- j
 morial still stands! The grave of Isaac
 is yet known! And that widowed one
 while she lived—for she, too, has de
 parted—kept the lone burial-spot free
 from weeds, and covered it with the
 wild rose, as if the spirit which
 once had animated the cold clay be
 neath, loved a robe of beauty and
 sweetness!
 As not the least remarkable feature
 in Isaac’s conduct was the course he
 pursued towards his family, we cannot
 close without referring to it. He was
 an exemplary husband, and a wise as
 well as kind father. His wife was not
 superior, intellectually, but she was
 affectionate, and he so moulded her,
 character as to make her worthy of
 him. His children were well-behaved,
 and remarkable for their polite inan
 ners. His very household gave evi
 dence of this! Every thing was in
 order; the furniture was neat; in all
 the arrangements he had an intelligent!
 eye to comfort and taste; he had a!
 watch, and some tolerable scripture en
 gravings; and his little garden was;
 well stocked with the best vegetables, i
 the best fruit, and the rarest flowers.
 Of the plot Isaac’s wife knew noth
 ing. He had evidently thought of his
 failure, and committed no women, and
 ,as few married men as he could. He
 meant, let what might happen to him,
 that his partner should suffer no harm.
 This was evident enough from his con
 duct. For the first thing he did after
 his arrest, was to desire an interview
 with his old master. This was denied
 him. Not that the old gentlemen was
 I cruel or angry,—for he loved Isaac,
 but hecase, as he said, he could not
 stand it.” The next thing was, to send
 for his young master, lie came, and
 to hiai he said, Massa Thomas, I
 have sent to you to say, that my wife
 does not know anything about the in
 surrection, or any of my actions. I
 wanted to see old master to beg him
 not to sell or separate her and the
 children. I must get you to do that.—
 And, Massa Thomas, when your father
 dies, I want you to promise that you
 will help them.” The young man
 promised, (and we rejoice to say, his
 word was kept,) and then Isaac, thei
 felon, blessed him. Never again, un
 til his last hour, when conversing with
 his minister, did he refer to his family,
 and the only message he sent them was
 a torn Bible, with this sentence rudely)
 writ down on one of the leaves. “We
 shall live again, and be together.” So
 deep was his affection for his family, j
 and so careful was he to ward off every
 suspicion of danger from them!
 I met last summer the slaveholder—
 an intelligent and humane mail—who
 commanded the military the day Isaac
 was hung.
 I'referred to the scene. He spoke,
 of it as one of the most moving that
 he had ever and to my sur
 prise, though very much to my gratifi
 cation, remarked;
 I never knew what true heroism
 was, until I saw Isaac manifest it upon
 his seizure, trial, and death. I felt my;
 inferority to him every way, and I nev
 er think of him without ranking him
 among the best and bravest men that
 ever lived.”
 The record below tells of his crime;
 and be will be remembered on earth as
 a felon! but the record above will con
 tain his virtues, and in Heaven the good
 will know and love him—for Isaac was
 a max. N
i AasiDriTY m Pnminsct— I The most
 usual way aaumg young men who have no
 resolution of their own, first to ask one
 friend's advice, and follow it for sometime
 then to ask advice of another, and turn to that;
 m of a third still unsteady, always ehaagin*.
 However, be aurrd that every rhafn of
 this nature is for the worse. People may tell
 vou of yoor being unfit for some peculiar oc
 cupation |n life but heed them not whatever
 employment yon follow with per severance
 and aanduisy, wifi be found fit for yon: it will
 be your support in voutii and war n—ifoft
 oMafe.^^
THE rREM IJf SOUTHERN WDIA.
 Those who are aware of the very
 limited means of knowledge of any
 kind in Southern India thirty-five years
 ago, and who recollect that American
 missionaries were at that period refused
 a footing on the. coast, and forced to
 take refuge in a neighboring island, will
 be surprised to learn the number of
 newspapers and periodicals bow pub
 lished in Bombay. A missionary of
 that region remarked to the writer,
 some time since, that these Bombay
 journals were fast coming into the habit
 of copying religious intelligence from
 the New ork and Boston secular pa
 pers. The Missionary Herald tor this
 month says:—
 In the improving condition of educa
 tion in that part cf India, the Press is
 an instrument of great power; and Bom
 bay seems likely to be the chief place
 for printing and publislung books for
 all the surrounding country. Rev. .Mr.
 Hume mentions the singular fact that
 fifteen periodicals, most of them weekly,
 are printed at Bombay for the uativc
 population.—N;t to speak of pii«ting[
 offices, whether Ruropean or native, in
 which type is employed, he says there
 are forty-five or fifty lithograhpic press
 es engaged in publishing native works,
 which obtaiu considerable circulation.
 The books issued by the missiou are
 put in circulation more by sale, and less
 gratuitously, than formerly.
 It is a fact to he gratefully* noted,
 that the entire Scriptures translated in
 to the Mahrnita language are now in
 a printed form. This work was com
 pleted on the first of March last. All
 the Scriptures which have been printed
 in Mahratta, with the exception of n
 single gospel issued years ago, have
 been printed at the press belonging to
 this Board; and the New Testament
 and Old Testament as far as Chronicles
 11, with the Psalms, were translated by!
 members of our mission. The Scrip-!
 tures have also been printed at our
 press in the Goojrattce language.
From the Anti-Sls;Tery Record.
 HENRY BOYD.
Henry Boyd* was born a slave in
 Kentucky. Of imposing stature, well
 knit muscles, and the countenance of
 one of nature’s noblemen, at the age
 of eighteen he had so far won the con
 fidence of his master, that he not only
 consented to sell him the right and title
 to his freedom, but gave him his own
 time to earn the money. With a gen
 eral pass from his master, Henry made
 his way to the Kanawha salt works,
 celebrated as the place where Senator
 Ewing, of Ohio, chopped out his educa
 tion with his axe! And there, too, did
 Henry Boyd chop out his liberty. By
 performing double labor, he got double
 wages. In the day-time he swung hi:
 axe upon the wood, and for half the
 night he tended tho boiling salt kettles,
 sleeping the other half by their side.—
 After having accumulated a suilicienl
 sum, he returned to his master and paiti
 it over for his freedom. He next ap
 plied himself to learn the trade of a
 carpenter and joiner. Such was his
 readiness to acquire the use of tools,
 that he soon qualified himselfto receive
 the wages of a journeyman. In Ken
 tucky, prejudice does not forbid master
 mechanics to teach colored men their
 trades.
 He now resolved to quit the domin
 ions of slavery and try his fortunes in
 a free state, and accordingly directed
 his steps to the city of Cincinnati. The
 journey reduced his purse to the last
 quarter of a dollar, but with hi 3 tools
 on his back and a set of muscles that
 well knew how to use them, he entered
 the city with a light heart. Little did he
 dream of the reception he was to meet.
 There" was work enough to he dune in
 his line, but no master-workman would
 employ “a nigger Day alter day did
 Henry Boyd olfer his services from
 shop to shop, but as often was he re
 pelled, generally with insult, and ouct*
 with a kick! At last he found the shop
 of an Englishman, too recently arrived
 to understand the grand peculiarity of
 American feeling. This man put a
 plane in his hand and asked him to
 make proof of his skill. This i.s in
 had order,” said Boyd, and with that
 he gave the instrument certain nice
 professional knocks with his hammer,
 till he brought it to suit his practised
 eye. “Enough,” said the Englishman;
 I see you can use tools.” Boyd,
 however, proceeded to dress a board in
 a very able and workmanlike manner,
 while the journeymen from a long line
 of benches gathered round with looks
 that bespoke a deep personal intere.-t
 in the matter. You inay go to work,”
 said the master of the shop, right glad
 to employ so good a workman. The
 words had no sooner left his mouth,
 than his American journeymen, unbut
 toning their aprons, called, as one man,
 ‘for the settlement of their wages.—
 What, what!” said the amazed Eng
 lishman, what does this mean?” It
 means that we will not work with a
 nigger replied the journeyman. But
 he is a first-rate workman.” But we
 wont't stay in the same shop with a nig j
 ger.” We are not in the habit of work
 ing with niggers. Then I will build
 a shanty outside, and he shall work in
 that” “No, no; we won’t work for at
 boss who employs niggers. Pay us i
 up and we’ll be off.” The poor master:
 of the shop turned with a despairing look
 to Boyd—“ You see how it is my friend,
 my workmen will all leave me. I am
 sorry for it, but I can’t hire you.”—
 Even at this repulse cur adventurer
 did not despair. There might still be
 mechanics in the outskirts of the city
 who had too few journeymen to lie bound
 by their prejudices. His quarter oi a
 dollar had long since di.-apjH Uixd, but
 by carrying a traveller’s trunk or turn
 ing his hand to any chance job he con
 trived to exist till he had made applica
 tion to every carpenter and joiner in
 the city and its suburbs. .Yof one wowM
 employ him. By this time the iron of
 prejudice, more galling than anything
 he bad ever knows of slavery, bad en
 tered bis soul. Ha walked down on
 tho river 1 bank below tho cay, «nd
 throwing himtrlf upon the ground, gave
 way to an agony of despair. He had
 found himself tho object of universal
 contempt; bis plans were all frustrated,
 •TW apaaont lg_ jsfcvw fr— &lt;h Bp» «f frtend
 mSI /tHOn* 1 &amp;KT”
his hopes dashed, and his dear-bought
 freedom made of no cfleet By such
 trials weak minds are prostrated in ah
 jeef and slavish serrdlty, stronger ones
 are made the enemies and depredators
 of society, and it is only the highest
 class of moral heroes that come off
 like gold from the furnace. Of this
 class, however, was Henry Boyd. Re
 covering, from hi* dejection, he sur
 veyed the brawny muscle* that strung
 hi* herculean limbs. A new design
 rushed into hi* mind, and new rcsolur
 tiou filled his heart, He sprang upon
 his feet and walked firmly and rapidly
 towards the city, doubtless with aspira
 tions that might have fitted the words of
 the poet
 •«Tfiv spirit, fxnrrrsnrscr. fc*t me share,
 tan) &lt;4 die Ik* heart and rasft eve.”
 The* first object which attracted hw
 eagle eye,” on reaching the city, was
 one of the huge river boats Jaden with
 |&gt;ig-iron. drawn up to the landing.-
 The captain of the craft was just in
 quiring of the merchant who owned its
 contents for a hand to assist in unload
 ing it. “I uni the very fellow for you,”
 said Boyd, stripping offhis coat, rolling
 up his sleeves, and laying hold of the
 work. “Yes, sure enough,'that is the
 very fellow for you,” said the merchant
 The resolution and nlncritv ot Boyd
 interested him exceedingly, and during
 the foor or five days whilst a flotilla of
 boats w ere discharging their cargoes ©I
 pig-iron with unaccustomed despatch#
 he became familiar with his history,
 with the exception of all that pertained
 to his trade, which Boyd thought proper
 to keep to himself. In consequence,
 our adventurer next found himself pro
 moted to the portership of the mer
 chant’s store, a post which he filled
 to great satisfaction. He had a hand
 and a head for everything, and an oc
 casion was not long wanting to prove
 it. A joiner was engaged to erect a
 counter, but failing by a drunken Irol
 lic, the merchant was disappointed and
 vexed. Rather in passion than iu
 earnest, he turned to his faithful porter.
 I Here, Henry, you can do almost any
 thing, why can’t you do this job?
 “Perhaps I could, sir, if I had my
 tools and the stuff,” was the reply.—
 “Your tools!” exclaimed the merchant
 in surprise, for till now he knew noth
 ing of his trade. Boyd explained that
 he'had learned the trade of a carpenter
 and joiner, and had no objection to try
 the job. The merchant handed him the
 money, and told him to make as good
 a counter as he could. Ihe work was
 done with such promptitude, judgment
 and finish, that his employer broke oft’
 a contract for the erection of a largo
 frame warehouse which he was about
 closing with the same mechanic wlm
 had disappointed him in the matter of
 i the counter, and gave the job to Henry.
 The money was furnished, and Boyd
 was left to procure the materials and
 boss the job at his ow n discretion. This
 he found no difficulty in doing; and
 what is remarkable, among the numer
 ous journeymen whom he employed,
 were some of the very men who took
 off their aprons at his appearance in
 the Englishman’s shop! The merchant
 was so pleased with his new warehouse
 that lie proceeded to set up the intelli
 gent builder in the exercise of his trade
 in the city. Thus Henry Boyd found
 himself raised at once almost, beyond
 the reach of the prejudice which had
 well-nigh crushed him. He built
 houses and accumulated property.
 White journeymen and apprentices
 were glad to be in his employment, and
 to sit at his table. Ho is now n wealthy
 mechanic, living in his own house in
 Cincinnati, and his enemies who have
 tried to supplant him have as good rea
 son as his friends to kuow that he is a
 man of sound judgment and a most vig
 orous intellect.
 W ithout having received a day's
 schooling in his life, Henry Boyd is well
 read in history, has an extensive and
 accurate knowledge of geography, is
 an excellent arithmetician, is well in
 formed in politics, having been for sev
 eral years a regular subscriber to sev
 eral of the best newspapers published
 at the west. He is truly public spir
 ited, and is remarkable for hi* morality,
 generosity, and all those trait* which
 mark a noble character.
 Mechanics, who we trust compose a
 considerable part of our readers, will
 understand what power of mind it re
 quired to vault at once from the bottom
 to the top of the ladder. Where is the
 white man who can boast a more diffi
 cult performance Where is the w hite
 rnan, of this or any other age or coun
 try, who has shown more decision or
 energy of character? And let it be
 observed that the narrative illustrate*
 the vincildiity as well as the strength
 of American prejudice against color.
 Poetry, —Dr. Chunniug says, l\&gt;-
 Ertrv, far from injuring society, is one
 &gt;f the great instruments of its refine
 ment and exaltation. It lifts the mind
 ibove ordinary life, gives it a respite
 from depressing care, and awakens
 he consciousness of its aftinity with
 shat is pura and noble. In its legitim
 mate and highest efforts, it has th*»
 mine tendency and aim with Christi
 anity, that is, to spritualize our naUirc.
 Poetry has a natural alliance with out
 »est affections. Its great tendency am!
 purpose is to carry the mind beyond and
 ibove the beaten, do.-ly, weary, walk*
 &gt;f ordinary life, to lilt it into a purer
 dement, and to breathe into it
 vrofennd and generous emotion. It
 •evea!* to u.« the loveliness of nature,,
 irings back the freshness of early feei
 ng, revives the relish of simple pica
 wire, keeps uuquenched the enthusiasm
 vbich warmed the spring-time of our
 &gt;eing, refines youthful love, strengthen*
 &gt;ur interest in human nature by vivid
 leliueatioiis of its tenderest and loftiest
 celing, spreads our sympathies over all
 •lasses of society, kuit* us by new tics
 srith universal being, and through the
 brightness of its prophetic visions, kelps
 aith to lay hold on the future life.
Polk a*d Burk.—The Louisville
 Journal myi that:—
 A little over forty year* ago, Aaron
 Burr was brought to trial on a charge
 of treason, for undertaking to
 within the limit* of the United State*
 the means of wresting Mexico from the
 dominion of Spain. It was ir« a*oo then
 to dream of the conquest of Mexico, hut
 it ia now the height of patriotism to tm»
 dertake if.**
