FREDERICK DOUGLASS, i
 M. R. IIELA.N V, Editor*
VOL. 11. NO. 18
The NORTH STAR i» published ever*
 Friday* at No. Buffalo Street,
 (O/Jpmfe the Arcade.)
 TF.’tM-*.
 Two dot-Uns per ainj ii,
 will I* received l&gt;r terra h
 month*.
 A Dura sc me at* not exceed is te(l 7,„, i
 r,ren tinim f»r one dollar; ever) l l
 t.jsi, twenty-dec cents.
Trisect f the Nount
 lu rry »n ail (/r an &gt;i udV'KiM'
 v.ukul IliisneßriO!.; 1
 •'Bonne Mou.vJ.irr; proatote ‘hr mural an I n
 :'M, lt ln.;,rorc.a, .t „f ,e r,J.oR*DPmt«;
 vi !;u..n the .i«v of FitELD )\1 JO the T.IHUt
 Millions of &lt;&gt;ur Tullow Colw
 i K i'.«: ,t.
PUBLISHES*.* NOTICES.
 All cinuni'stiini reluiirj to t« ftiwitet*
 •h t rje of J &gt;e tM;&gt;er, n.n n-’s of scri'jere, remit
 lir h should he addres-ed to John I)lCK,
 -j- Agent*, ani a ft r* sending nanaea, are
 ~i -*-ed t-» lie A cin. .a 1 P»* V'T'’
 V r un 1 tte Slate. E vil S ib-cribn ia un
 to Lately rr.vltte 1 f »r nr» icv received.
 10* Aiv p ‘i4 &gt;i setding i 0 the payment f&gt;r I lur
 ».ih-»cribe;i, t» be f.nvardcd to o m address, my
 have a lifth co;»v l&gt;r one year. _
 (0* All l-tL.i-* aud c un.uaniratiosu must be post
 paid.
 IMS! OPTaFATS.
 \I vss *rncs kt rs.—R. F. Wa'r ut, 21, Conihill,
 It ton; Nathan Joins tn,N.*wß If »rd; Horatio N.
 K ~t »r, Lowell; Ja ti N. B iffi n. Lynn; George-
 Evtu, Wor este. Hume Spuo.i-T, Fivmomh;
 r,H c* M. S Y», Sprite! I David Lucies,
 N r ha notoa; H. n'|v iV*r, 1 pJ' vl
 U uv r._fj;iv ;v n virtt, P» ilciL
 V’l rmost. —Ito-wlan I T. Robinson, North l er
 &lt;*Tnn ecu-. T.-J i u &gt;u. Leonard, New Haven
 \l v [f v'irSHian.-Wean* l appan, Brailord.
 Nrw V «ns.—Sv !n*'V H. Csav, U 2, Nassau
 fm»s M'Cane IN nidi, 93, West Broadway;
 ■f ■W. S bnrv, Uneen Countv; Mary Har
 r M’o m■; Elius Doty, Mice lon Willett* Kew,
 ru it &gt;n Conntv; William S. Baltimore, Tmv;
 j plait, Beau Van; J. Jeffrey, Geneva; K. L.
 Boh.
 hLAND, —Amnraucv l ame, Providence.
j v.—J. M. M’KLn, 31, North Fifth
 &lt;t,-o t, I’.iilalt-lphia; G. W. C,nines, 8, Exchange
 C!,, t, !&gt;i to*. U. ;lown,l’ittsl»uryli; Wrn. V. lupper,
 i ,i, „bi i; Isaac it il' -rLs, Jacob L. Faxon, Norris
 1..A1, M .ttgo-ONry Cotuily, Milo A. Townsend,
 New Brighton.
 Ohio. —Christen Dana! tson, I inriimati; at
 sn an I flainr -1, Ditto; Valentine Ni -holso-t, Har
 vevi’mrgh, W •rren Co.; Samuel Brooke, Salem.
 Michigan.—U&lt;&gt;!e»rt Banks, D'-troit.
 Indiana.— Joel F. Davis, Economy, Wayne Co
jTolli} of out ■^bocrsancs.
 MAN HAS NO NATURAL RIGHTS.
 The Sv.ilher.i Presbyterian Review
 is one of the most stringent organs of
 Presbyterian orthodoxy. A late nuni
 der contains an article in tiie name os j
 %l an association of ministers in Columbia
 S. C... from which here is a:i extract, j
 “We have searched in vain for any,
 authority f&gt;r man’s natural rights. Ii:
 he had anv, they existed before the i
 fall That is, Adam and Eve may j
 have hid some rights which G&gt;d gave
 them, and which modern philosophy, in
 its pretended reverence for the name oi;
 Go 1, prefers to call natural rights, j
 We can i magine they had the right to
 eat of the fruit of the trees of the Gar
 den; they were restricted even in this
 by the prohibition of one. As far as we
 can know without positive assertion,
 their liberty of act I m was confined to
 the Garden. These were not ‘inalien-1
 able rights,’ however, for they forfeited;
 them a id life, with tno first act of dis-j
 obedience. Had they, alter this, any
 rights? We cannot imagine them,
 they were condemned beings; they j
 could have no rights, by Christ’s g.tij
 us King. These are the only rights'
 man can have as an independent isola-j
 ted being, if we choose to consider,
 him in this impossible position, in which j
 so many theorists have placed him. If;
 he had no rights, he could suffer no]
 wrongs. Rights and wrongs ars there
 fore necessarily the creatures of society j
 such as man would establish himself,
 in his gregarious state. They are, in
 this state, both artificial and voluntary,
 Though man has no rights, as thus
 considered, undoubtedly he has the
 power, by mutual and common consent,
 to establish in society such arbitrary
 rules of Right and Wrong as bis ne
 cessity enforces.”
 SLAVERY NOT A MORAL EVIL.
 So, at least, affirmed Xr. Atkinson,
 ofVa., in a recent speech in the natio
 nal House of Representatives. Listen
 to him:
 But the honorable gentleman from
 New York, in bis second proposition,
 affirms ‘that slavery is a great politi
 cal, social, and inoral evil; in direct
 comlict with the fundamental principles]
 of this Government; opposed to its
 growth, prosperity, and future welfare.]
 Let us look for a moment at this branch
 of the subject. 1 presume the gentle
 man was never a slave-holder—has;
 never been much, if at all, in the slave.
 Slates, and, in his candor, ac
 kn iwledge mat, practically, he knows
 nothing of the workings of that institu-j
 tioa upon the moral, social or political,
 condition of the society where it exists.
 I ask the honorable gentleman, and
 those who think with h in, to go with
 me into the families of the South,]
 where you find black slaves, but no
 tekile slaves. Want do you SCC? A
 farmer, the owner of five, ten, twenty,
 or may be, a hundred negro slaves.
 They are well fed, weli clothed; when
 in good health, they are em|doyed
 chiefly in agriculture; not confined toi
 the hot rooms of a northern inanufac-'
 lory, but breal bug a healthy, salubri
 ous atmosphere, not compelled to work
 at inclement seasons; and when the
 sun sets in the west to cl .»e the dav,
 you will sec the happy, cheerful negro
 retire to his comfortable house with a
 light heart, partake of his night’s meal,
 aud if he has a wife or children, in the
 family of his master or his neighbor, he
 spends the cheerful eve with them, if
 he is sick, ho is not thrust from his|
 master, denied the comm m comforts of
 life, and submitted, like some poor,
 wretch and pauper, to suffer with ail
THE NORTH STAR.
the ills to which man is subject; but he
 jis supplied with a physician, nourish'
 i rnent, and attendance; and when he
 recovers from a bed of sickness, he has
 no bills to pay—-no home, no employ
 ment to seek.
 Sir, I wish the gentleman could visit
 tny native Slate— that proud old com
 raonwealth, God bless her—enjoy the
 hospitality of her citizens—go to their
 I places of worship, and see the well
 dressed negroes marching opto the altar
 to pay their devotions to the living
 God; to see the mistress and her child
 ren reading to their meniaj* the Bible,
 the Book oj Life, and teaching the young
 blacks their catechism an^Msponsbito*
 I to their Creator. Think you, sir, you
 1 or the honorable member from the Em
 pire State would find in all this a social
 i and moral evil! No, sir; you gentle
 men who have had no experience in the
 matter, know nothing of our domestic
 servitude. You can no more see the
 truth respecting it, than a blind mao
 can distinguish colers, or admire the
 beauties of the rainbow. Our slaves
 are instructed in religious exercises,
 and in many instances houses are erec
 ted on the farms for public worship,
 j and ministers of the gospel paid, by
 the year, for t’neir pastoral services to
 the blacks. How, then, sir, can
 j slavery, such as that I have described,
 and which I know to exist, be a moral
 or social evil?
Selections.
 WEST INDIA EMANCIPATION.
 The, pro-3lavery journals of this
 country, particularly those of the South,
 have persisted in declaring that the
 British West India Islands were ruined
 by Emancipation. So confidently has
 this declaration been iterated arid re
 iterated. that some honest friends of
 freedom, not having at hand the means
 of ascertaining the truth, have been
 deceived. The perplexity attending
 this subject has arisen from the fact
 that, in estimating the condition of the
 Islands, men have looked at them sole
 ly from a commercial point of view
 Finding that the exports of Sugar have
 greatly diminished sinee the abolition
 of Slavery, they jump at once to the
 conclusion that freedom works badly.
 As if the manufacture of sugar were
 the “one thing needful”—the grand
 thermometer by which to measure the
 prosperity and happiness of a com
 munity! The fact thnt-800,O0D people, j
 once driven by the lash, oncef bought'
 and sold like cattle, are gradually ac
 quiring property in the soil and secur
 ing for themselves comfortable homes
 and the means of education, passses
 for nothing' Enough for the apologists
 of the “peculiar institution” that the
 white planters, who, under slavery,
 gre w rich on unpaid toil, have been
 called to sacrifice some of their ill
 gotten wealth and their exclusive privi
 leges.
 The New York Evening Post pub
 lishes a letter from Cuba, from which
 we copy the fallowing important tes
 timony. The Editor says that “the
 writer is a gentleman on whose state
 ments of facts implicit reliance may be
 placed.” —Practical Christian.
 “I was present a few days ago at a
 conversation between tw r o large sugar
 planters and slaveholders of this island,
 one of whom was relating to the other
 the substance of some communications
 recently received by him from a friend
 of his in Jamaica. This gentleman
 pronounced wholly untrue the common
 impression that the emancipation was a
 disastrous measure, and fatal to the
 proprietors. Its first effects has indeed
 been such, but chiefly through the
 fault of the planters themselves, and
 the wasteful and bad methods of man
 agement which were incident to the
 system of slave labor, and which re
 in lined after the emancipation of the
 slaves; but now it was all working out
 to his entire satisfaction. The inability
 to procure the amount of labor re
 quired for the culture and manufacture
 ofthe sugar (which processes, you know,
 are united in the same hands, the plant
 er employing extensive and costly ma
 chinery to manufacture his sugar on
 the spot where he grows his cane,) had
 forced them to the adoption of labor
 saving improvements and economies;
 and with the aid of these, all the labor
 needed could be obtained from the
 negroes for moderate wages, better in
 quality, and cheaper in expense to the
 planter, than under the old system of
 Slavery. In particular, he stated that
 he had recently introduced on his
 estates certain improvements by means
 of which the sugar boiling process was
 performed within twelve hours of the
 day, instead of occupying the whole
 twenty-four, as formerly, and as still
 practiced elsewhere, and that he was
 now able to accomplish as much within
 the twelve hours as before within the
 twenty-four. He was able to have as
 much labor as he wanted, at a shilling
 a day, costing him much less than the
 expense formerly of maintaining the
 requisite force of slaves.
 “To appreciate this, let me inform
 you that on the Cuban estates, best
 and most humanely managed, the ne
 groes work eighteen hours out of twen
 ty-four, during the crop season, or
 about half the year; and not much less
 than that during the rest of the year.”
 Here, too, is a paragraph, from the
 Kingston (Jamaica) Journal, which
 shows how Emancipation is working in
 that Island:
 The altered relationship between
 employer and laborer has brought
 about a change. The laboring popu
 lation are now possessed of the privi
 lege of keeping cattle and all kinds of
 animals. Their industry excels the
 most ardent applications, la many
RIGHT IS OF NO SKt-TOBTH IS OF NO COLOR—OOD IS TUB FATHER OF OS ALL, A&amp;D ALL WE ARE BRETHREN
cases it amounts to absolute indepen
 dence, which ts shown to the fullest
 extent. It does not become us to in
 quire in what manner and by what
 special modes their industry is power
 fully assisted. This is better under
 stood by those who have dealings with
 that class. We counsel such persoos
 to encourage, by every possible means,
 morality among the laborers; if this is
 effectually done, the way to industry is
 made, and can never be closed.**
 From ttw National Anti-Skverj Standard.
 Mr. CLAY AS Alf ABOLITIONIST.
 popularity of Henry Clay. As Napol
 eon seems to be the fashionable nick
 name now, one being the Napoleon of
 Peace, another of finance, and another
 of Magnetic Telegraphing, we may call
 him the Napoleon of defeat. He has
 achieved more signal unsuccesses than
 any other tnan in the country. His
 popularity lias never struck down any
 deep root into the heart of the people.
 Old Hickory, who put a great deal of
 straightforward sense into very crooked
 spelling, who hanged the Bank as he
 had hanged Ambrister in Florida, who
 bullied France, who dragooned South
 Carolina, and swore by the Eternal now
 and then, had a far stronger hold upon
 the masses because he reflected them
 more truly. But Clay somehow con
 i jured up an enthus asm into merchats
 and cottonspinners. He found and had
 a way to get on fire, the hearts of
 Banks and Brokers’ Boards. Though
 a slaveholder uttering sentiments which
 would have authorised his own chattels
 to cut his threat, he was the idol of
 of those whose enthusiasm for freedom
 is multiplied by the square of the dis
 tance at which the struggle fur it takes
 place. Though not immaculate in pri
 vate character, lie attracted to himself
 the support of the religious classes.
 Bible, Tract, Missionary, and Magda
 len societies were well nigh unanimous
 for him. Washington was the Jerusa
 lem and he was the Godfrey of a new
 Crusade. Was not all this because he
 was the genius of Compromises, of
 middle courses, of plfkving neither hot
 nor cold, in shoct of the American sys
 tem Whatever the cause, the loyalty
 to him has no parallel except in the
 House of Stuart. In this view it be
 comes poetical. As a forlorn hope, as
 devotion to disinterested defeat, it has
 gained, here and there, a recruit from
 a different order of minds. AVhittier:
 addressed to him the mot p— tical ot
 modern political verses. And even now
 as Hogg wrote Jacobite songs, after
 the last of the Stuarts had for years
 been laid in his mockery tomb at Rome,
 Greeley turns sadly away from the solid
 Rough and Ready pudding, to sup full
 of the east wind of long ago hopeless
 hopes, and to compose cold dithyram
 bics to the patriarch sitting over his
 wine at the St. Charles hotel.
 The Whigs have at last grown wea
 ry of the attempt to make bricks with
 out straw out of their Clay. The
 wreck of the great Western politician
 lies a weather-beaten beacon upon the
 shoals of Compromise. Ships of larger
 rate and stouter timber are thumping
 there which might be got off by back
 ing the sails and throwing overboard
 a little constitutional ballast, which
 among other disadvantages, has the
 prime one of shifting.
 Mr. Clay has been the most unpolitic
 of politicians. He has made at best,
 only coasting voyages, hugging the
 shore closely all the while. He has
 never struck out into the open deep oi
 great principle, for his navigation is
 not by compass or by the eternal stars,
 but like that of other fishermen who
 venture in their own private dories, by
 certain landmarks on the shore, such,
 for example, as the White House. A
 fog leaves hirn bewildered with a pair
 of arms and oars, and his good or bad
 luck, as it may happen.
 Mr. Clay has in his time split as
 many hairs as another, and, as Alex
 ander ordered a bushel of peas to the
 dexterous pea shooter, the Whig Par
 ty, in giving their will o’the wisp leader
 the mitten, should have been careful
 that it was a hair one. His philan
 thropy embraced all races, bat em
 praced the African with a difference—
 that is, with a handcuff. He was a
 republican of the sternest pattern, but
 who could conceive of a republican of
 the sternest pattern, blacking his owii
 boots? Indeed we think it would be
 hard to prove that Cincinnatus, the fa
 vorite sample of that sort, ever did any
 thing of the kind. He was willing to
 allow that Slavery was a moral and p*v»
 litical evil to both master and slave,
 but were not his chattels fat and sleek?
 He opposed the annexation of Tex
 as, but then—he was in favor of it.
 He was torn by coflicting emotions.
 Northwardly he was anti, southwardly
 he was pro. He was opposed to the
 Mexican war, but would have relished
 slaughtering his private Mexican in a
 humble way. On the question of the
 Wilmot proviso, we suppose, he would
 be against the extension of Slavery in
 fo new territory, but he would be in
 favor of allowing “Southern gentlemen
 to emigrate thither with their flocks and
 herds. In reviewing his political life,
 what great principle do we find that he
 was ever capable of appreciating? One,
 and only one—that Henry Clay of Ken
 tucky ought to be the next president ol
 these United States. But unfortunately
 ho has always had a fancy that the
 Presidential chair was situated some
 where between two stools, and has ac
 cordingly several times seated him sell
 with an uncomfortable rapidity on the
 fl -Kir.'
 This mistake if reckoning the locality
 of the desired object mislod others.
 It left Gen. Case lately with his heeli
 in the air. And yet Gen. Taylor found
ROCHESTER, N. Y„ FRIDAY, APRIL 27, 1849.
it io that very position and succeeded
 in sitting down in it.
 We have said that the name of Mr.
 Clay comes up to the mind associated
 with the advancement of no great prin
 ciples, of no interest that has bearings
 more general than a locality or a class.
 It is true that he was an an advocate ot
 emancipation in Kentucky half a cen
 tury ago, and be tells us in his recent
 letter that his nfnnions have remained
 unchanged ever since. That fifty year*-
 have wrought no advancement or ripen
 ing of his ideas on this subject, does
 not tend to raise him in onr minds as a
 statesman. But in truth his views ot
 slavery have never beenr-tppse of a
 statesman, ftor of a phffikathroptst.
 Statesmanlike they could not be; for
 tiiey were limited by the supposed in
 terests of a single class, and they have
 received no forward impulse and no
 expansion during the period of more
 than au entire generation, which has
 accomplished more thau any other in
 the propagation of social and humani
 tary science. Truly philanthropic they
 could not he, for they were smothered
 by the pressure of a merely physical
 majority.
 The medical history of the human
 mind exhibits many instances of suffi
 ciently ludicrous hallucinations. Men
 have iancied themselves teapots, junk
 bottles, and what not. Lord Timothy
 Dexter had a penchant for considering
 himself dead, and we have known those
 who took it for granted that they were
 alive with as little substantial founda
 tion in fact. But we have never met
 with any vagary of mental assumption!
 more preposterous than that Mr. Clay I
 should suppose himself an Abolitionist, j
 His letter reminds one of Governor
 Panza’s dinner on the island of Barta
 ria. The preparations for the mea!
 seem satisfactory enough, and we
 sit down expecting a substantial repast.
 But, one by one, the dishes are whisked
 away from us, and we are finally left
 to make such arrangement with our im
 portunate appetites as the assets left
 to us in the shape of knife, fork, and
 napkin will admit of.
 We have no complaint to make of
 the three or four introductory para
 graphs. Mr. Clay treats all the non
 sense about the benefits of Slavery con
 temptuously enough. But he immedi
 ately proceeds to consider the question
 with sole reference to the presumed
 advantage of the white race. Ho takes
 theacase out of the court of conscience
 where alone it can be decided abso
 lutely and without appeal, and puts-it*
 at the mercy of the nevsr-eading ttitga
 tion of political economy. If there be
 no moral wrong in the robbery of one
 half of the community by the other half,
 the problem of the advantages of such
 a system would meet with a very dif
 ferent solution from each moiety res
 pectively. But, if the system be wick
 ed, and unprofitable because that is one
 necessary condition of wickedness, the
 chances oftprolonged debate are great
 ly lessened.
 Even after taking it for granted that
 emancipation is for the interest of Ken
 tucky, Mr. Clay humbly concludes by
 saying that if the majority decide
 against him, he shall submit. The ma
 jority of the people of the United States
 has several times decided against him
 and yet he has shown no bashful reluc
 tance to being again a candidate.
 “Pick your flint and try again,” was
 his motto a few years ago. Is a ques
 tion which concerns an entire race to
 be given up more readily than the
 shadow ol a dream of a chance for the
 presidency? If the majority be thus
 absolute in deciding what things are
 right and what wrong,- what office
 would insure the throats of the masters
 in any States where the slaves become
 numerically superior?
 The truth is that Mr. Clay’s letter is
 disgraceful to the community in which
 it was written. We admit that delib
 eration should characterise the move
 ments of states, and such a deliber
 ation will necessarily, without any pre
 caution of ours, characterise the move
 ment of large masses of men liviog
 under a long established social system,
 I provided they are begun early euough,
 and are made in accordance with the
 spirit of the age. for example, if the
 slaves of Kentucky were liberated to
 morrow and relieved from every polit
 ical disability, the question of their po
 sition in the social order would settle
 itself by a slow and gradual operation
 of natural causes. A social wrong,
 based] originally upon brute force, and
 perpetuated by it, may be reached and
 remedied by legislation, and the sooner
 the better. Why wait for the rust to
 eat handcuffs asunder, when there is a
 bey ready to unlock them? We con
 cede to Mr. Clay that deliberation
 should characterise Statesmen no less
 than States. The rudder which deter
 mines the intellectual or ethical ad
 vancement of any age may be behind h
 as in a vessel. But the steersman st
 the wheel is in front, tod with a clear
 outlook forward. Mr. Clay’s notion
 of the duty of the man st the helm
 seems to be that he should be keeping
 his balance astride of an empty cask,
 out of sight, in the rear of the ship.
 We shall not trouble ourselves with
 an analysis of a document which all our
 readers^will probably read for them
 selves The spirit of barbarism which
 distinguishes it, would alone be auffi
 -1 cient argument in condemnation of
 svstem which could so blunt the sensi
 bilities of an originally finenature, and
 obscure the preceptiona of n keen and
 j quick intellect.
 The letter is valuable chiefly as a
 t curiosity and as a sign of the times. It
 1 is the- unwilling cieakma of n rusty po
 j litidhl Vealbercock whichbegmsto feel
 the first indication of wind from a new
 i quarter. One thing is very certain.
 It Is not of such material that retonas
are made. Here is compromise no*
 compromised, and terms offered to tin
 devil such as he would not have daw
 to ask. Here is wrong to be treated
 on the principle of simiHa tmtiikm* cu
 rantur, but with no homcepathic dose.
 The poor slave if be escape being sold
 out of the State, and if he survive tht
 thirty-nine years administration of hair?
 of the dog that bit him prscribed by Mr.
 Clay, is to be transported to a fever
 manufactory at his own expense.
 A man is drowning and Mr. Clay is
 called in. The following is his pre
 scription:—“Take of water (if distilled
 the better) enough to submerge the pa
 tient. Keep him carefijHy sunk there
 thirty-nine hoars, or moreen proportion
 to the length of time be has been under
 water, 'fhen raise him carefully, at
 tach a fifty-six pound weight to each
 ancle, transport him to the middle ol
 the Atlantic ocean (at his own expense)
 and there drop him overboard. I think
 he will never be liable to a recurrence
 of thtecomplaint.”
POLITICAL SANCTIMONY.
 No form of cant is more common
 than the affectation of reverence to
 ward the popular forms o. religion, by
 political editors and office-seekers, as
 investment of capital. The recent illustr
 tions of this hollow sanctimony among
 pro-slavery presses and servile dough
 faces of the North, are peculiarly rich
 and instructive.—These men have the
 highest regard for the sacredness of
 the Sabbath “the holy Sabbath,” and
 if Mr. Palfrey writes a letter, or Mr.
 Giddings sits inMt place in Congress
 on Sunday morning, as a service to
 the holy cause of Liberty, they are
 horrified at the profanity of the aboli
 tionists and Free Soil men; taking
 care to forget the date of Mr. Win
 throp’s reply to Mr. Palfrey, and that
 every other member of Congress is ex
 posed to the same censure with Mr.
 Giddings, except that many of them
 were using the “holy time” in the ser
 vice of Slavery, which he was employ-!
 ing for Freedom. Generals Taylor
 and Scott may kill Mexicans by the j
 thousands, and blow up churches, with
 their congregations, on Sunday; armies!
 may march, or the new President may
 travel on Sunday, and the solemn quiet
 may be broken with the roar ofoannon
 and shouts of the multitude, at his re
 ception, with no shock to this sensitive
 piety; but a word spoken, or deed done
 for humanity on that day, is greivous
 sacrilege. As a class of long facs{l
 canters we quote the following from the
 New Bedford Mercury, a zealous Tay
 lor paper:
 “The Desecration of the Sabbath by
 Giddings and Root, ‘free Soil* leaders
 of the House, calls down the severest
 censure on all hands. These men de
 serve to be pilloried for turning the
 House of Representatives into a bear
 garden during the session of Congress,
 but especially should they be execrated
 for setting such a sinful example to the
 youth of our country as a fist fight on a
 Sabbath morning.”
 Not only is no censure intimated a
 gains Foote and Meade, and other
 Southern bullies, who were to blatne in
 those disgraceful scenes but either
 through malignity or unpardonable ig
 norance, the responsibility is all placed
 on the heads of men whose only gulit,
 as our readers know, consisted in bear
 ing patiently their insults, and threats,
 and blows.
 If the men are to be “execrated,”
 who set “sinful examples to the youth
 of our country,” there are other, and
 in some instances, loftier heads on
 which anathemas will fall. The slave
 holding warrior whom Mercury helped
 to lift to highest power, would recieve
 a shower of—neither honors nor bless
 ings; and he would hardly thank that
 editor for his doom; while the fate ot
 those who exalt him as the representa
 tive of the two giant crimes of the na
 tion and age, would be far from envi
 able. We suggest to the “Mercury,”
 that a love of self, and regard of his
 party leaders should make him cauti
 ous of imprecating curses on men who
 set “sinful examples to the youth of the
 country.” Like Midas, bis prayer
 would bring retribution upon himself.
 Pa. Freeman.
THE WRONGS OF SLAVERY.
 Slavery is a wrong to the owner, be
 cause it places upon him, in addition to
 to his own moral responsibility, the re
 sponsibility which belongs to others:
 In becoming the owner of a human
 being, one takes that being, mind and
 *oul, as well as body, into his own care.
 His will is substituted for that of tbe
 being owned. To his commands, in
 stead of tbe decrees of conscience, the
 slave must submit. He judges between
 the right and tbe wrong. In fact, obe
 dience to him is tbe slave’s great rule
 of right, and disobedience the sum of
 wrong. He comes directly between
 the slave and tbe slave’s God. Now,
 where is the moral accountability of the
 slave? Tbe accountability is not hjs&gt;
 for be is not his own. Yet the accoun
 tability must be somewhere, if lb*
 slave is ignoraot, degraded and vicious,
 some one must be responsible for hi*-
 ignorance, degradation and vice. And
 upon whom does this responsibility de
 volve? Upon whom can it devolve ex
 cept upon tbe master? In becoming
 tbe owner of a slave, a man assumes
 tbe moral accountability of tbe slave.
 An undesirable and fearful assumption
 it seems to os. We know not bow
 others may feel, dut for ourselves Mi*
 load of our own responsibility is quite
 as much as we like to bear. We
 should regret exceedingly to answer for
 other’s sins, finding it sufficiently hard
 u&gt; answer for not own.
 slavery is a wrong to the children
 j of tbe owner.
I Slaves, as a class, are ignorant and
 degraded, incapable of exerting a pun
 moral or intellectual influence over th«
 young—yet, to them, the care ot tb«
 young is in a great measure confided.
 During tbe period when the most
 lasting impressions are made, and
 when it is of infinite importance tbai
 right impressions be made, the young
 are entrusted .to those who are,
 far too often, morally, incapable ot
 making a right impression upon heart
 or mind. Is not this a wrong Is it
 not an actual wrong? Are there not
 manv men and women in our midst who
 tell us, that it has taken months and
 years to remove the impressions made
 upon them in their susceptible years,
 impressions which have long rendered
 them the victims of superstitious fears, j
 of which, even when suffering, they I
 have been utterly ashamed.
 Slavery impairs the independence of
 the young children accustomed to being
 waited on, served, become dependant
 upon those who serve them. They, in
 truth, become the slaves of their slaves.
 Instead of relying solely on their own
 energy and activity, and doing promptly
 themselves what they wish to have done;
 they must put in requisition the services
 of one or more attendants. Thus their
 own powers lie dormant and useless.,
 Hence many grow up to manhood and 1
 womanhood helpless, and utterly desti
 tute of all power of self-support and self
 dependence; hence, also, many grow
 up with a contempt for labor which ren
 ders them mere drones in the social hive.
 Such is the legitimate influence of sla
 very upon the young, though that influ
 ence is often counteracted by the wis
 dom and fidelity of parents, who, seeing
 the tendency, earnestly guard against
 it.
 Slavery sometimes proves a deadlier
 wrong to the children ot slave-holders.;
 All of us, who have lived in the midst
 sf slavery, have known too many in
 stances, instances written in blood’s
 dark lines on memory’s page, of deeds ofj
 violence done in moments of passion by!
 men, who. in childhood’s hours, were
 wont freely to vent their anger upon the
 slave-children around them, and whoi
 thus grew to manhood with passions j
 unchecked and ungoverned, utterly des-;
 titute of self-control, and utterly unfit j
 for temptation’s trying hour. Could all j
 the dark deeds which owe their exis
 tence to this fearful system bo written;
 in their own dark lines, a volume would j
 be produced, repulsive indeed to the 1
 eye, and painful to the heart, but a i
 most eloquent protest against slavery j
 a* a fatal foe to the young.
 Slavery is a wrong to thr v
 denies him the right of libei ty, that
 right dear to the humblest being, with
 out whic’i the palace of luxury is a
 prison, with which poverty’s lowly cot
 becomes the abode of peace and hap
 piness. It denies him the sacredness
 of marriage. When the slave pronoun
 ces the solemn vow of affection, he
 knows that at any moment tho com
 mand may come for him to break the
 vow and bid farewell to the companion
 chosen as his life-friend. For him there
 is no marriage; for him no law sanc
 tions the marriage rite, and no law
 frowns upon the forcible sundering of
 the marriage tie. At any moment,
 when caprice may dictate or avarico
 tempt, the slave-husband and the slave
 wife may be torn asunder forever.
 Slavery denies the sacredness of
 home. He has no spot on earth which
 he may call his own, no asylum of his
 own where the intruder may never
 come. Wife and children, home and
 heart are all at the mercy of others.
 We speak now of the system of slavery.
 That system as we all know, in many,
 very man) instances, through the hu
 manity and kindness of masters, loses
 these repulsive features. Hundreds of
 families are there in Kentucky, in,
 which the tenderest care is exercised i
 over the slave, in which his feelings as
 a husband and a father are sacredly re
 garded. Still, however many such in-!
 stances of kindly affection there may j
 be, the essential nature of the system
 remains the same. In theory, if not in j
 practice, the slave is denied the inalien
 able rights which we have mentioned.
 And other rights, as dear and sacred,
 are denied him. He is denied the right
 of intelligence. In the States of the
 Union the endeavor to impart a know
 ledge to a slave, stamps the offender as
 a felon, and exposes him by law to a
 felon’s fate. Thank heaven, no such
 relic of barbarism disgraces the sta
 tutes of Kentucky, but the existence of
 such a law in the States, where the
 slave-interest preponderates over ah
 other interests, proves the essential
 character of the system, and demon
 strates bow terrible a wrong slavery is
 to the slave.
 Such is slavery; a wrong to the mas
 ter, to the master’s children, and to the
 slave. It is a wrong to the whole com
 munity, a wrong to republicanism, a
 wrong to religion. Tho tree is corrupt
 and must produce corrupt fruit.—Some
 beautiful vines of affection may be en
 twined around its trunk, but they can
 never cover its rottenness. Some fair
 iruit may appear on its branches, but
 inly when bung there by the bsnd of
 kindness. Such fruit never esn grow
 upon the tree. The tree is evil and
 •an only bear evil fruit.— Lommrill*
 Examiner.
The Devil’s Budge. Wa.—
 “Who could have supposed that inlol
 this savage den, amidst its roar of!
 waters, so distant from the world, so j
 unsuitable for a battle field, there could
 have been poured the conflicting tides
 of the French Revolution in a con
 densed murderous strife between two
 armies? Twice, hi the space of little
 more than a month, was the war com
 patgo of 1790 drives thrugb Hhis past
 by tba French, Russians, and Austri-
JOfVfVtCK. frstwwaa*
WHOLE NO. 70.
•ns, conquering alternately. First, in
 August, the trench charged the Aus
 trians, and driving them across the
 Devil’s Bridge, rushed pell-mell after
 them, when the arch fell midway, and
 precipitated the wedged masses of the
 soldiery into the boiling torrent. Then,
 iu September, that great war-wolf’
 Suworrow, poured down with his starved
 Russians from the top of the St. Goth
 ard. They devoured the soap m the
 village of Anderuiott, and boiled and
 ate the tanned leather and raw hides,
 and in the strength ot these aliments,
 drove the French across the Devil’s
 Bridge, and rushed themselves to the
 passage. The French in their retreat
 broke down the bridge, by Waiting the
 arch, but this put no stop to the impetu
 ous fury of the Russians, who crossed
 the chasm on beams of wood tied to
 gether with the scarfs of the officers,
 and in their rage to come atthe enemy,
 plunged hundreds of the foremost ranks
 of their own columns into the foaming
 cataract. Such is human passion,
 such is War? Vet the world has dei
 tied its warriors, and starved its b«fie
 factors and poets.
 So went the war-worshipping era of
 our world. At present it may be hoped,
 if Poetry is not rising, War at least is
 at a discount.”— Cherere’s fVandrringt.
AIR AND THE LUNGB.
 The lungs can contain 52 pints of
 air though 9 1-2 pints is as much as is
 inhaled at a single inspiration. In or
 dinary and placid breathing we inhale
 about one pint at an inspiration; public
 singers, when they “take breath” as it
 is called, inhale from 5 to 7 pints.
 Eighteen respirations take place in a
 minute, it takes therefore, IB pints of
 air every minute and 57 hogsheads
 every 24 hours to supply the lungs.
 Seventy-two pulsations occur in one
 minute, and 130,680 in 24 hours.
 The dark venous blood passed and re
 passed from the veins through the heart
 to be purified into vermiliion color
 arterial blood, by contact with fresh
 air iu the lungs, amounts to 24 hogs
 heads in 24 hours. It is then sent
 through the arteries to nourish the
 whole system, distributing its vitality,
 to bo recovered again by fresh air
 from the lungs.
 “From the construction of most of
 our buildings (says Dr. Gibson iu a
 recent lecture) it would seem that the
 builders thought that pints of air were
 sufficient in place of hogsheads.”
 Head Work is'the hardest work
 in the world. The'artisan feefa this if
 any time he has to spend a whole
 I ttay in calculation. All men of learning
 j testify to the same truth, and meagre
 frames snd sallow complexions tell a
 plainer tale than their words. Sir. Ed
 ward Coke, the great English lawyer’
 speaks thus concerning his great w’ork:
 “While we were in hand with these
 four parts of tho Institute, we often,
 having occasion to go into the country,
 did in some sort envy the state of the
 honest ploughman and other mechan
 ics. For, one when he was at work,
 would merrily sing, and the ploughman
 whistle some seif-pleasing tune, and
 yet their work proceeded and succeed
 ed; but he that takes upon himself to
 write, doth captivate all the faculties
 and powers both of his mind and body,
 and must be only attentive to that
 which he collected) without any expres
 sion of joy or cheerfulness while he is
 at his work.” Will not these words
 breathe a degree of consolation to
 many, who heedlessly consider that all
 toil is confined to the working classes?
Pretexsiov. —A man passes for that
 he is worth. Very idle is all curiosity
 concerning other people’s estimates of
 us, and idle is all fear of remaining
 unknown. If a man know that he cart
 do anything—that he can do it better
 than any one else—he has a pledge of
 the acknowledgment of that fact by all
 persons. The world is full of judg
 ment days, and into every assembly
 that man enters, in every action ho at
 tempts, he is giiaged and stamped.
 “What hath he doner” is lh« divine
 question which searches men, and
 transpierces every false reputation. A
 fop may sit in any chair in the world,
 nor be distinguished for his hour from
 Hompr and Washington; hut there can
 never he any doubt concerning the res
 pec'ive ability of human beings when
 we seek the Pretension may sit
 still, but cannot act. Pretension never
 feigned an act of real greatness. Pre
 tension never an I Iliad, nor drove
 back Xerxes, nor christianized the
 world, nor abolished slavery. Em*r
 9on.
Hereditary Nobility—“l* it not
 right,” said a gentleman, advocating
 the justice and propriety of a heredi
 tary nobility, “in order to band down to
 posterity the virtues of those who have
 been eminent for their services to ftie
 country, that their posterity should en
 joy the honors conferred on them as a
 reward for such services!” “By the
 same rule,” said a lady, “if* is
 hung for his misdeeds, «U his posterity
 should be hanged too.’*
Bores 1 hat world-renowned che
 mist, Liebig, says that a single pound
 of boce dust contains as much pbos
 poric acid as one hundred pounds of
 wheat. From this we can easily per
 ceive that there are bones wasted on
 every farm sufficient to roanurt the
 entire wheat erop. This. to manv
 will doubtless appear strauge, but it is
 nevertheless true.
 i Society, says Macaulay, is constant
 ,ly advancing in knowledge. The tail
 is now where the bead wu some gene
 -1 b'td and tailstill
