Notices.
 fiktefath annual meeting
 or rwr.
 I.MKRIC M A. 8. 804'IETY.
 FirTtBWT.il AKNimutT oi tbe
 American Anti-Slavery Society will be held
 in the Tabernacle. Broader* jgjfew York, oa
 Tuesday the Bth day of May next.
 The Anniversary at the Tabernacle repre-
 Mtita to the country at large the progress, the
 efficiency, and even the existence, of the Anti*
 Slavery cause. It is to vast numbers of peo
 ple the only sign of the continued zeal and
 spirit of the Abolitionists, whose local meet
 ings they never hear of.
 The Business Meetings of the Society
 have always brought together in counsel a
 larger number of Abolitionists from various
 parts of the Northern States than ia ever con
 vened on any othei occasion. The general
 interests ot the cause command, at that time,
 cooaidaration which at no other can be given
 theta.
 It has never, siuce the formation of the
 society, been more apparent than at this mo
 ment, that the Anti-Slavery cause is left
 where never has been, in the haoda of the
 members of tbe American Society. There is
 as yet no reason to suppose that Slavery will
 ever be abolished except through its efforts.
 Tbe general importance of the Annual
 Meeting, and the aspect of the cause st this
 moment, which gives us every thing to hope
 for if we persevere,—everything to fear if
 we filter —appeal alike loudly to Abolitionists,
 all over the land, to make the ensuing Annual
 Meeting of the American Anti-Slavery Socie
 ty one that shall do more even than any pre
 vious one has done to drive the South to
 despair in defence of its felonious system of
 society, and the North to a more determined
 attitude than any portion of it has evei yet
 ventured to assume in defence of its own
 rights, and the assertion of the rights of the
 slave.
 WM. LLOYD GARRISON, Prest.
 Wendell Phillips,
 S H. Gay.
Abolition of the Slaretrade in Brazil.
 The following spirited and well-written ar
 ticle, is from a Brazilian pcper, now before
 us. published in Rio de jareiro, entitled!
 “Monarchists.lt shows that the liberal j
 sentiments whirh have reached all lands, are|
 felt and boldly uttered in the Brazilian em- 1
 pire, and that soon the accursed slave-holders
 will have no temptaion to pursue their horrid
 traffic. —Pittsburgh (iazette.
 (translation)
 CAPTURE OF AFRICANS.
 The promise of the Ministry to take mean-1
 urea to prevent the introduction of Africans.!
 introduced in spite of morality, of law, and the,
 obligations of treaties, has just been redeem
 ed. Honor to the Ministry, and honor to the 1
 Viscount de Barbecena, (the President of tln*j
 Province of Uio Janeiro,) for taking such!
 effectual measures to accomplish the end. The
 smugglers begin to feel that the period of
 termination for their infamous commerce ha&gt;
 arrived, not because man wisli it, but because
 the finger of PiovideoceAia* marked the. mo
 ment when Brazil must march foward to the
 glorious future, to which she is destined as the I
 fifth empire.
 It is impossible for a man to oppose effect
 ual barriers to progress. Those who, carried
 away by a vile interest, think to Africanize
 America, to work her ruin, are mistaken.
 The Brazilians already know their interc t,
 and are decided to oppose themselves strongly
 to the demoralizing and anti-religious principle
 which is so conirary to her future hopes and,
 happiness.
 Although the smugglers distort the acts that,
 in opiosition to their vile interests, the dele
 gates most devoted to the government arc
 performing, they will not be able to make any
 impie&amp;sion on the sensible part of the nation.
 Their miserable sophisms are slowly failing
 before the logic of truth and justice. The
 government is making energetic measures to
 save us; and treats with contempt the traffickers
 in human flesh. The tears of the slave neu
 tralize the fertility of the soil, and his sighs
 mount to heaven, and cry for vengencc. Lei
 government pursue the glorious career com
 menced, and it will lie blessed by all honorable
 men.
 The reservoirs where these victims of pri
 vate interest are crowded together, are not
 hidden. Liberate them, and thus give the lie
 to the nations of Europe, who charge us as
 accessaries, and render satisfaction to the laws,
 trampled under foot by these audacious smug
 glers: who in open day, in face of the place
 of our monarch, and, with shame we say it,
 w ith the connivance perhaps of some of the
 authorities, dare to carry on such a criminal
 commerce.
 Gentlemen of the government, the road is a
 glorious one; in spite of the difficulties, it is
 necessary to keep on. Rely upon the sensi
 ble part of the nation, upon the blessing of the
 unfortunate, and upon the smiles of Heaven;
 and, to crow n all, rely upon the haired of the
 wicked.
Free Soilism in New York. —The Free-
 Soilers of this city held their primary meet
 ing* last week, preparatory to the nomination
 of candidates for city officers. The Globe
 thus notices the feeling against the extension
 of slaver y which seemed to pervade most of
 the meetings:
 “As an example of what was exhibited
 throughout the entiic city, we copy two or
 three resolutions taken from the proceedings
 as they are published. The third ward spoke
 thus:
 ''RisoUfd, That, acknowledging the right
 of the Southern States to the foil enjoyment
 of all their rights of property, as secured by
 our constitutional compact’ we are opposed to
 the extension of slavery into any territory ol
 the t nite*J States now fiee. and tha: is thi*
 opposition we admit of no compromise."
 e Democrats proclaimed the
 following sentiment* with the greatest accla
 mation and uiuty:
 "Resolved, I hit we adhere to our support
 ofthe entire Jeff rsoman platform, including'
 the essential principle of the aoo-ettensi.Hi oi i
 slavery; and we will vote for no candidate not
 in favor of the truths embodied in that plat
 form.
 "Resolved, That no union can be laatin"
 unless bassed upon principle; and that, as n
 would be unwise for those who agree in prin
 ciple to be divided, we shall regard tbs union
 of all such with pleasure."
 The same sentiment and feeling predomina
 ted «ith enthusiasm in every ward, and what
 is ipos* animating, not a d ssenting voice was
 heard in opposition. —.V A. S. Standard.
They rsEL IT.— The Anti-Slavery Stan
 dard le ke&lt;o ,ie ,,n S ,u ftraders toco
 ping, extract* Southern pres*, of ah
 psit.es sod te *H P*«a of the Slave States
 and the revelations made by ihie crowd ol wu
 uesaes have been important and interesting,a*
 evincing the diaaeoaiona of the Southern peo
 ple upon slavery, sod their aeoaitivenesa t«
 the opinions and the agitation on that quesuoi
 at the North As these articles were wnitet
 for Southern eyes and ears, their publication
 at tha North, in the eolumna ef the Nsuooa
 Arm-Slavery Organ, is an excess of corniest
 which the authors had not anticipated and foi
 which they did not seem thankful. They
 have received these copies of tbs Standard
 with about tha equmamity shown by a brood
 ef chic kens at the appearance of a hawk in
tbsir midst In their wrath some of them re
 fuse to exchange with the fanatical short*
 others call upon the heroic mob to execute
 vengeance on it. whenever it cornea to their
 postoffices, or on the poet-masters to return it
 unread. Wc are too well acquainted with
 Southern vanity and sensitiveness, to believe
 that ibista anything but mere bluster. Ncvet
 were a Mod of criminals more esger to hear
 every w «&gt;rd spoken of themselves, or to know
 the progress of evidence and argument upon
 their own trial; and we have no lear when ur
 papers on&lt;s go rnneug them, that they will be
 destroyed OTtread. 1 betr own comments upon
 our sentiments, arid irritation at our succes,
 and under our rebukes, prove that they read
 and feel what we sav. No affectation of con
 tempt bides tbeir real alarm and anger; and
 no exhibition of then fury or follr will deter u#
 from patiently and calmly (urauing our course,
 and pouring the unwelcome truth on ibeir
 consciences and ihe hearts of the people; nay,
 we thank them for assuring us thus speedily
 and satisfactorily, that every blow we sinks at
 slavery here is felt through all its despotic do-
 I minions. Pa. Frnrmen.
THE NORTH STAR.
ROCHESTER, APRIL 27, 1849.
 Editorial Comespoadence.
 Nxw York, 21st. April, 1849.
 Dear Readies I w«s silent last week,
 noi without regret, and will now apeak,
 though what I say must be said hastily and
 imperfectly. The duM and confusion of
 noisy \e%c York, is r.ot the place I would
 select from which to write, though I sup
 pose I might soon become accustomed to it,
 and come to feel a* much at home here as in
 my editorial chair in Rochester. I have now
 been here eight days, earnestly endeavoring to
 promote the Anti-Slavery cause and the cir
 culation of the North Star among the colored
 people of this city and \iciniiy. With such
 an object, and among such a people, it may
 be supposed that I have had pleasant breexes
 and smooth sailing but such is not the case.
 Colored people, like other people, may be
 said to care far less about the Anti-Slavety
 cause than they do about things of far less
 importance. Patty spirit and sectarian big
 otry arc not more universal and bitter among
 white, than among colored people. They
 are not less active in sundering the bonds ol
 of philanthropy and blasting the generous im
 pulses of ftatcrnal feeling, among one class
 than among the other. In these things white
 and colored people stand upon the same iria
 lional and uncharitable footing; and the
 remedy for the evil must be applied alike in
 both r ises. 1 was made to feel this w hen 1
 applied for ihe use of “Zion Church,” a large
 building owned bv aColoied Methodist Con
 gregation in this city, and was informed that
 the only terms upon which the trustees would
 a'lnw it to be opened tor anti-slavery meetings
 w-as the payment of thirteen dollars per even
 ing. Such an answer from the tiustees of a
 white church would not have surprised though
 it might have grieved me. Hut coming from
 a church owned and worshipped in by colored
 persons, many of whom have themselves been
 slave*, and ai this moment have friends, re
 lations, brothers, sisters, mothers, and fathers
 in slavery—smarting under the laah and en
 l during all the horrors inflicted by that God
 defying and tnan-imbruting system —it cut
 me to the heart os mean, m-
 blooded unnatural; and made me hang tny
 head and blush to think myself associated with
 such a people. At this time 1 know of no
 better way of gutting the subject of slavery
 before my fiends and the colored people gen
 erally than by submitting to these humiliating
 terms; and though 1 barely had in my purse
 the sum required—l pledged myself to pay it
 But that nty soul is fired with an overwhelm
 ing sen*? of the foul and ruinous w rongs ol
 my people, and that I chciish a living faith
 in the cause of truth and righteousness. 1
 should have turned away with emotions of dia
 i gust and despair.
 1 How strange it is that even colored men.
 i themselves under the ban of proscription and
 oppression, can adopt the detestable airs ol
 the very men who sic oppressing them In
 j their blindness they would throw open their
 church doors, freeof cost, to a white minister
 who might come among them to plead the
 1 cause of the heathen in the Isles of the Paci
 fic, while they would exclude a colored man.
 or make him pay “thirteen dollars who de
 sired the use of the same house to plead for
 the freedom of our intbruled brethren in
 i bonds. Like their white oppresses they
 place sacrifice above mercy, and getting re
 l ligion above doing the will ol God. To
 them Methodism ia dearer than abolition
 j ism and while the former is allowed m the
 i Church, the latter is charged thirteen dollars
 I warn the trustees of Zion t'hurch that they
 are adoptiug the contemptible and disgraceful
 I aim of their white oppressors, and are there
 by sealing theii own degradation. I do not
 complain that the trustees of this church
 i exact a sufficient sum to defray the expenct
 of opening and lighting the house; I eona
 i plain that thev should let out their church
 i 9
 like s cai to pul money in the coflera of the
 church at the expense of the Anti-Slavery
 I cau-«.
 It may be thought that 1 am making too
 much of this mailer, and am too severe upov
 the men of that church. My apology is, that
 the course pursued has been long continued,
 to the injury and degradation of our people,
 and that ills time the evil was exposed. The
 membership of the church are in t the moat
 blameworthy, hut the tiustees; and it j*
 against their conduct that 1 would d reel pub
 lie feeling.
 One of the roost painful and disheartening
 circumstances manifested in the ehsracter ol
 the coloied people generally, and especially
 in those of New York ia, their low apprecia
 lion of the men and the measures by wl out,
 &lt;rd by which their elevation and iatprovetDen
 are promoted. They do cot peuetrate into
 the causes of things a-? they ought. Thev
 I readily see eff&lt;*&lt;n t but give no silent too to the
 causes that produce them. They see the ac-
 I corsed load of popular contempt aod scorn by
 which we have been weighed down for eeo
 lu, gradually diminishing. Tlioy see tb«
 vtolem wave* of a malignant prejudice slowly
 but sorely subsiding the long despised rao
 to whom they belong, steadily ruing in po
 sition, and rapidly gaining respect and con
 sideration. liut ask the &lt;musc of these ebaagea
 and you will seldom get an intelligent o
 grateful answer. Tell them that a well eon
 ducted prase in the bands of colored maa i
 essential to the progress and elevation of th&lt;
 colored man, and they srill regani you as otu
 merely seeking s living at lire public expense
“to get along nth** mr*” They will re
 gv4 it m a canning seheum iomgnti to ozah
 Uw few at tfc expense of the aaaj. They
 eaff cooprebend nothing abort acUbbataa,
 Mioateiing auapiy to tboif ova petaoaal
 vaau, promoting ooly their o*» tolibh gads,
 their minds become too aaiiov aad dull to
 understood or to believe that a mao nay bo
 actuated in reformatory movements, by pore
 and disinterested motives. This protore is
 ■trung bat I think not too strong; tod die*
 graceful as it is, 1 apeak of it ia sorrow,
 rather than anger. Tbs aad speetade ia aot
 wholly the fault of the colored people of this
 or aay other generation, but of the wrongs
 which they have suffered for ages, aad am
 Mill suffering, at the bands of those who bare
 the power.
 It must not however, bn inferred from those
 remarks that ray visit to this city has been
 mainly unpleasant or unsatisfactory, for the
 fact is far otherwise. On my arrival I was
 cordially welcomed to the home and hospital)*
 ty of ray friend Thomas Van Ronsellaer. I
 found him alive to the great cause of freedom,
 ready to render me every aid in his power to
 make my mission to this city a successful one.
 I am also happy to acknowledge the generous
 help rendered me by the Rev. Peter Rose, min
 ister of Ztoo Church, who very kindly offered
 me the use of bis pulpit in which to plead
 our common cause. I deem this all the more
 generous and commendable in Mr. Roes, be
 cause I was once a member of his church and
 left it ou account of a change in my religious
 and anti-slavery views. Such a sin (T is jmt
 generally forgiven, or overlooked. lam also
 indebted to Rev. J. N. Gloucester and to Mr.
 James W. C. Pennington, both of whom
 readily and willingly threw open tlieir church,
 es without money or price. I have not been
 without the assistance and encouragement of
 other distinguished colored gentlemen. Mr.
 George Downing, Dr. J. McCune Smith,
 Mr. Charles L. Reason, Mr. William P.
 Powell, and many others gave me a cordial
 reception, and rendered me assistance in se
 curing for me a hearing ;to all of whom 1
 desire to return my sincere thanks. Besides
 this, I have bad several very pleasant inter
 views with respectable and intelligent gentle
 men w hose acquaintance I had not enjoyed
 'before. On my arrival in New York 1 was
 I agreeably surprised by meeting wi.hmp friend
 i and fellow worker in the cause of freedom,
 I Charles Lenox Remond, who though he had
 been long absent from home and desirous to
 go ihhher immediately, consented to remain
 with me and address such meetings as I should
 be able to get up in New York and vicinity.
 My first meeting was held at Brooklyn, in
 the beautiful and commodious Church under
 the pastoral care of Rev. Mr. Gloceater.
 Mr. Remond failed to reach this meeting, to
 the great disappointment of the audience.
 After I had addiessed the meeting, Mr. Van
 Reuscllaer addressed it in a warm and vigor
 ous appeal for the “North Star/’ The second
 meeting was held in Newark, in New Jersey,
 Tuesday Evening 17th April. Herel received
 efficient help fruin Rev. Mr. Rogers, who
 kindly opened his church free of charge for
 the meeting. On Wednesday night, 18th
 1 attended two meetings—one in Newark,
 and the other in New York. The places of
 meeting are twelve miles apart, but with the
 I help of railroad and steam, I was able to ac-
 I connplish it. The meeting at Newark com
 menced at half-past seven, and that at New
 York commenced at 8 o'clock. Mr. Remond
 addiessed the meeting in New York, until
 relieved by me from Newark. Both meet
 ings were soul-cheering, especially that held
 in New Yurk. The night wasdaik and rainy,
 yet the audience was large and spirited. We
 weie informed that Mr. Remoud had made
 one of his happiest efforts, carrying the au
 dience with him even when he rebuked their
 neglect and indifference the most sharply.
 Our next meeting was held in Mr. Pen
 nington’s Chutch, on Friday Evening 20th
 instant, a full account of which will be fur
 nished by the secietary of that Meeting. 1
 expect much good from the proceedings of
 that evening. The appointment of a com
 mittee to secure subscribers for the North Star
 is s most significant and cheering fact, and will
 doubtless be the means of securing valuable
 aid to the paper. The speeches of Mesars Re
 mond, L)o\vning, an d Dr. James McCune Smith,
 as well as that of the Rev. J. W. C Pennington,
 were able and effective. It is evident that
 New Yurk is awaking, to the work, aod means
 to do good service. I shall spend to-morrow
 at West buiy L. 1., where I hope to get a
 large meeting. F. D.
Annexation of Cabs.
 There are few persons in any country, who
 are close or critical observers of political
 movements; the masses passing along quite
 unconcernedly until the emu comes on them
 with all its anxious uncertainties—its hopes
 and us fears—its doubts and prospects, which
 in the American system-politic, usually termi
 nates like an epidemic, not only disastrous to
 the individual, but spreads its malady with the
 most fearful consequence*, infecting all in coo
 tiguity with it.
 That there ia a deep-concerted scheme for
 the annexation of Cuba to the United States
 is not a matter of question, and that the A
 mertcan people in general, aud colored people
 in particular should be timely advised of this
 perfidious wicked design is not more question
 able.
 When the nefarious scheme of the annexa
 tion of Texas was proposed, no ooe believed
 in the possibility of ita consummation—Ml
 uven the Southerners themselves, who doubt
 leas at first proposed it merely as a rues by
 which to alarm the North at the time, ia or
 der thereby to rflT.ct a compromise on the
 slavery question, which was ibea ia ifiutmo
 before the councils of the nation. Bat au
 little import was given to the measure, that
 the opponents of the project were ill-aware ol
 it unut the startling reality was full upon them
 despite every effort to stay it.
 This we forewarn the fneode of fteodom
 uiihoat the most vigorous uaited effort to slop
 it, will be the reality ia the ease of Caha, as
 aland possessing tripie-fold advantages to the
 United States as a territory, to that of Texas.
 Cuba is the great key-of-entry to the Uni
 ted States from the East, possessing ooe ot
 ibs stroogost forts to the western hemisphere,
 that of Vara Cres not excepted, aad being aa
 •4d established pines has grown la he of groat
 commercial importance, pops hand with seve
 ral considerable duos aad puna, Havana the
 «™**estof which, tha ptaeaat east ef the
 Viceroy, is probably aot miner to Now Or
leaae in trade and n-t-* BhMm it m
 ia masted M poeematooa it the isle of Caka
 thanis any other foreign tranter j. Pertupa
 Umvi ia not a Urge nnraniimiT oitjr m ike U
 ■ued States, North or Boetb, at feast a amri-
 Um eat j, with many other* m which then
 an Ml rapitalfoli who are more or leaa iater
 rated by iavratnmala m Coba. Boatoi, Now
 York, PWadelpkia, Wilmington, Bahinore,
 Washington City, and Georgetown, (the three
 hat, fergfey,) Anapoha, Norfolk* Rfefe»»d&lt;
 Cbarieetoo. (ibe Uro last lergrif) Mobile,
 Now Orleans, hugely, Natcbra, largely,
 Knob villa, St. Lena, Loam life, Cincinnati,
 Wbraliay, aid Pittsburg, all bare large inter
 ests there.
 Bit then is a tie doubly as strong aa all the
 other oooamorcial iaterests taken in the aggie,
 yaw, which binds this foreigo child ii ewbryo
 to a BMOt sympathising mother —it is the iron
 linked and yet unbroken chain of slavery.
 Here in the deep and abiding interest.
 Cuba is the great western slave mart of the
 world, containing the bar racoons or Tefioiog
 shops to the slave factories of Pedro Blanco,
 and other pirates on the western coast of Afri
 ca. It in the jpeat channel through which
 sieves are imparted snootily into the United
 Sutra, contrary to the law of the land, and
 the sovereign power by which the cor stita
 tioosl power of 1806 is stricken down, sod
 made null and void at tbe will of the slave
 holder. Into this island are there annually
 imported more than fifty thousand slaves, ex
 pressly for tbe faumso market, and being con
 tiguous to the United Sutes, vessels from
 Baltimore, Washington city, Richmond, and
 other American slave-markets usually after
 shipping a/nr slaves purchased in those par
 ticular places, sail to the isle of Cuba under
 the pretext of touching by Havana for trade.
 When they enter the barracoons, the traders to
 whom tbe slaves on board belong, frequently
 the master and owner of the vessel being con
 cerned in the traffic, purchase a full cargo ol
 slaves, sail to New Orleans where they an
 sold out to the highest bidder, at the slave
 market there, from whence they are taken tc
 all paru of the South. In this high-handed
 manner is tbe provision prohibiting the impor
 tation of slaves into the United Sutes aftei
 the year 1806, openly and constantly trampled
 under foot; and thoee in power, the suprenx
 Judicial and Executive authorities being gene
 rally slaveholders or their abettors, well know
 thes) facts, and by keeping silence wink a&lt;
 and encourage such undisguised, infamou:
 deeds of daring.
 There are at present in Cuba, probably no
 less than 600,000 slaves, there being in 183(
 nearly twenty years ag0,450,000. with a year
 ly increase of trade in the slave products
 These human souls, computed at the (owes
 estimate of $B5O a-piece would amount t&lt;
 the sum of $150,000,000 which added to th«
 land possessions, would bring into thisconntrj
 if annexed to it, no inconsiderable wealth t«
 be at once added to its resources as a nation
 Besides, the imports and expenditures witl
 foreigo nations would, according to the Amer
 ican policy of encouragement to home manu'
 faciures, u{vm possible be turned to the
 domestic market.
 For the consummation of an object, to them
 so desirable as the annexation ofCuba, the late
 administration, James K. Polk, who if noi
 tbe projector, was the accomplisher of the un
 equalled scheme of the annexation of Texas,
 gave insiuctions and authority to Mr. Saun
 derson acting Minister at the Court of Spain,
 to negotiate with that Government for the
 payment of the Spanish debt to England, re
 ceiving aa an equivalent, a mortgage on Cuba,
 which would at onee place fairly in the Amer
 ican power tbe island as an American terri
 tory. And tbe principal objection to this pro
 ject appears to have been made by the Span
 ish subjects resident on the island, who be
 coming alarmed at tbe prospect of the passage
 of the Wilmot proviso and the fear of the
 prohibition of the slave trade being extended
 over them, would prefer to remain an integral
 portion of Spain, to that of becoming a frac
 tional part of the United Sutes government.
 The project being once determined on, as
 we really believe it has been, the slave-holders
 and their compatriots in the North will find no
 difficulty in effecting a removal of these objec
 tions, since their whole studied policy is to
 dupe the eountiy into their interested measutes
 which they will moat probably succeed in.
 The objections to Texan annexation were once
 as strong even on tbe part of Texans them
 selves, and aa apparently improbable as that
 of the projected annexation of Cuba. But
 how soon were such objections dissipated! a
 large majority ofTexans ovei-ruling the others,
 and the proposition passing tbe Congress of
 of tbe United Sutes, with one or two honor
 able exception#, with scarcely a respectable
 opposition.
 1 It is surmised that the interposition of Great
 Britain would be brought to bear, to prevent
 the accomplishment of this scheme of Cuban
 annexation. Let none deceive themselves on
 this point. Great Bnuin does not desire a
 war with any nation at present, and only
 wages war when she cannot aroid it. Her
 first resource is negotiation by treaty; when
 1 this does not avail, her last is a resort to arms.
 She will never concern herself with tbe affairs
 of other nations when she is not particularly
 intaested; and her relations with Cuba are
 such that they may easily be adjusted by ne
 gotiation, which ia as compatible with tbe
 Bntiah policy as warfering. To suppose that
 England will interfere mainly on account ol
 the regard she has for the colored people and
 •laves of the island is also a great mistake.
 Although purely an anti-slavery nauoo sod
 tried and proven friend of tbe A Incan race,
 yet she has no greater love for Mack than
 white, sad my not be expected to interfere
 except her interest and commercial relations
 demand it. Soda men as lord Palmerston,
 the earl of Aberdeen, Henry lord Brougham.
 Sir Robert Peel, acd Lord John Russell, will
 eat remain silent and see n nation of thirty
 five millions tavelved in a terrible war, for the
 rake el au band red thousand slaves, in whom
 they base m interest, when they pussera tbs
 bends an prevent it.
 Another Important confederation. Did Eng.
 fend desire to war with the United Sutra,
 there is an almost insurmountable difficulty
 ia tbe way of bra doing so, and this feet may
 wuff bn known now an hereafter, as it ia a
 feet that meat and will be knows. The,United
 States, bke tbe grant proatitete of Revefeuoo.
 who ant at bra doar seducing all who passed
 I along, baa been for the Inal three quarters o
 a aaatary raring npoaifca highway of pobtieai
«f iostioe, L&lt;MO|, Eqeabiy, D*&gt;
 trkick bae been seeodieg tkreefk tha earth,
 the oppress 4 of all coeo tries to M
 o hooe ndci the hoopuafetf of her eweriof.
 —'-'-hr pro—i wilijiim of mry mum of
 Europe have caught thaoouod, oof loomed to
 b»e the bum «f Aerenca; and new, almoat
 a universal revoiotioo has hues produced
 throughout all the European aalioos, those
 who bare not struck the Mow being only de
 terred by fear, so that they have really rebelled
 in heart; and under seek dreamstaeees, de
 pend upon it, h ia next to master
 an army ie England or any other European
 natioa, who would be willing to wage war
 egnbuMhe United Stales.
 In the event of such an issue, the ooly re
 liable hope of England would ha her black sub
 jects m the Wsst Indies and other British col
 onies, as the white peasantry could not be de.
 pended upon, having white frieods, especially
 the Irish who coostitute a large portioo of her
 soldiery, scattered over this extensive country,
 filling offices both civil and military, and com
 pletely incorporated in all the various ramifi
 cations of the country and nation, they would
 □ot fight against tlinie And wears not quite
 certain that England is ready to place her I
 black soldiery in the Croat ranks of battle artsy,
 although they are formidable and trustworthy
 to a man.
 England, then, may not be expected to inter
 fere further than to secure the debt due to her
 by Spain, and this the United States will man
 age by negotiation and “compromise” to se
 cure in “good faith.”
 To have Cuba as a United States territory
 the Americans are determined, if within the
 bounds of possibility. But what is to be done
 to prevent a scheme fiaught with such fearful
 consequences as this project of annexation ol
 Cuba? There is but one party more interes
 ted than all others, who are able to prevent at
 least the consummation of this deep-seated
 design—the colored people themselves, and to
 them we make the appeal. We heartily be
 lieve with the Spanish Sancho, chief of a de
 legation of Commissioners, who, sent some ten
 or twelve years since, by the Cortez council of
 the nation, to investigate the affairs of the col
 ony, reported that “Cuba mush cease to be a
 Spanish colony and become a Negro Govern
 ment, for the reason there is no power under
 heaven capable of subduing four hundred
 thousand negroes, it they deliberately deter
 mined that theyuwtf not be oppressed by them.”
 There are now six hundred thousand hu
 man souls, held in abject bondage in Cuba, all
 of whom must ere long be disenthralled by
 the very nature of things, but for this Ameri
 can interference. And shall we who are nom
 inally free, as mute asthedumb-gagged slave,
 remain silent at the approach of such an alarm
 ing usurpation, and not utter our voices
 against it? Shall we whose dnty it is to give
 the strongest opposition to these inroads upon
 right, be the most indifferent to them? No,
 we shoffld not. The cause ia oura—we are
 the interested party, and every colored man
 should make common cause of it, uniting in
 mind, hwtt, aeetiment, and action, sending up
 one united voice of solemn indignation against
 this and every anch scheme, and by every
 means in his power enlighten his brethren in
 slavery upon the subject of their inalienable
 God-given righia this we conceive to be, as
 freemen, our heaven-required duly, and should
 use every possible means 10 accomplish it.
 While the oppressed of every nation have
 risen up, and are arousing the world with
 their struggles for liberty—braving every con
 sequence,—truing for, and fearing nothing, in
 defence of their rights,—shall the American
 slave remain in abject bondage, watting pa
 tiently, toiling on and suffering on, having no
 thing in prospect but the hope of his heartless
 relentless master’s good will? Never. Let
 him be taught that he dare strike for liberty,
 —let him know this, and he at once rises up
 disenthalled —a captive redeemed from the
 portals of infamy to the true dignity of his na
 ture —an elevated freeman. A determined
 opposiuon to the increase of the slave power,
 and encroachments upon their God-given
 rights, shonld signalize the bondman evety
 where, and they should at this juncture be
 taught, we care not how, by whom or in what
 manner it is imparted to them, that on the at
 tempt at such an effort they should hold them
 selves in readiness, and at the instant of the
 annexation of Cuba to these United States, it
 should be the signal for simultaneous rebellion
 of all the slaves in the Southern States, and
 throughout that island. The author of this
 article, alone, is responsible for the sentiments
 therein contained.
 “Were I a slave, I would be free,
 I would not live to live a ktave,
 But boldly strike for liberty—
 For freedom, or a martyr’s grave.
 One look upon the tyrant’s chains
 Would draw my sabre from its sheath,
 And drive the hot blood thro’ my veins
 To rush tor liberty or death-
 One look upon my tortured wife,
 Shrieking beneath the driver’s blow,
 Would nerve me on to desp'rate strife;
 Nor would I spare her dastard foe.
 Away the unavailing plea
 Of peace, the tyrant's blood to spare;
 If you would set the boodmaa free,
 Teach him for freedom bold to dare.
 To throw his galling shackles by,—
 To wiug the cry on every breath,
 Determined, manhood’s compering cry
 For Jnstiee—liberty—or Death.”— n.n.D.
Pcx and Ink Sipsukdcd »v Mica is car.
 —Mr. Oliver T. Eddy, of Baltimore, Md. ha*
 lnvMUed a machine, some-what resembling a
 *erj small puno, by touching the spring oi
 which, primed lettera are instantly produceed
 upon the paper placed for the purpose. There
 w s key for each letter of the alphabet, the
 mark of punctuation, Jg urea, dec., and ue the
 depreasine of a key with the finger, a oorres
 pood mg letter is primed oa the paper. It may
 be useful as a medium of cummuuicatioa for
 the biiod.
Amnkxatiov W« saw a gentleman the
 other day, who bad beoa spending the winter
 ia Havana, sod he told us be was surprised to
 find the subject of the annexation of Cube to
 the United States so generally discussed
 there, and that the sentiment smoog the peo
 p*e wsa alnsoat unanimously in fsror of it. We
 aso (cam from bias, that snneuuoo was aot
 wly regarded there as a possible, hut a prob
 able thing, sad that the impress loa was, that
 mrethiag looking to it bald pissed between
 the government of the Untied States sod Spain.
 Hath mart Americm.
CaoLcaa tn Nrw Oklcass.— Private letters
 My that the Cholera m very had in New Or
 leaaaagaia. The week previous to the 90th
 “It, the interments m that plana wave 491, at
 which 969 ware frees the Cholera. It is now
 Mid ta he attacking all classes.
bret|e Weir, Jr*
 Wo parentvn that oar friend Goorge Weir,
 of BefMo, honestly we have evrty reown to
 believe, boat ia the lith lumber of the
 Norm Stax, exiled upon us for an eiplana
 tioo of out position in article “Domestic
 Economy,” io the 13th number of ottr paper.
 Io consequence of our continued absence,
 thereby not beiog able to roycct and revise
 our own articles, ma’iv errors occur without
 an opportunity of even a reference to them
 oo our port; but the passagesG W. com*
 plains of are genuine, and requite but a pane- j
 tug remark from us to nuke the requested ex
 planation, and set the mud of our friend right
 aa well as others enquiring after trvM.
 Thia we like; it ia what we most desire at
 present to see, oo the part of our people.
 Investigation as the teat of truth,
 “And if thou hast truth to utter,
 Speak, aod levae the rest to God.”
 Our friend ia mistaken; he docs not under
 stand us. We do not inva idate the divine
 command, “first seek ye the kingdom of bear- j
 eo,” Ac., but all that we desire, is to refute
 the idea so generally entertained, on the part
 of our people particularly, that by first seek-1
 the kingdom of heaven, that ia, if thev only
 become religious people, God will give them i
 everything else. Every intelligent person
 must see the fallacy and absurdity of this idea.
 The ides that we intend to convey is ihis, the
 “egregious error” we complain of,—once for
 all, what we want the colored people to un
 derstand sensibly, aa rational beings should
 reasonably know from all experience and fact,
 is, that those who are religious, get no more
 of this world’s blessings than those who are
 not, and, that Christ hi.;.aelf did not intend
 to convey such an impression, when he gave
 the divine command. He gave this command j
 to those whom he at that time called to follow
 him, in order to assure them that although they
 should leave their temporal callings, neverthe
 less, from them none of these earthly things
 should be withheld. It was even so; as he
 always directed them which way—into what
 street and house to go; when and where to
 find a table spread, and to “9ay unto the lord
 of the guest chamber” of this and that house
 “I have come to abide with thee until the
 morrow.” Can we, can our friend George
 Weir, Jr., or any others with all our Christi
 anity, do this? Let him and us now quit busi
 ness, though we may have “sought the king
 dom of heaven”—-does he suppose all other
 things, food, raiment, money, means, and
 what not, of other property will be added r
 We tell our brother roost solemnly, they
 would not, and all the orthodoxy the world
 ever produced, will not induce us thus to vio
 late our reason, by thinking so.
 Slavery taught us thia, and we, fearing,
 think we must obey. It is now high time
 we began to think for ourselves. White
 men shall do nothing for us because they are
 white—and nothing at all that we can, as
 conveniently and efficiently, do for ourselves,
 especially in thinking. God speed our re
 demption.
 We hope we have explained to the satisfac
 tion of our kind friend, Weir, but we think,
 ere this, he has been satisfactorily answered,
 by a succeeding article in number 14, of the
 North Star.—m. r. d.
A Means of Elevation.
 Among the many means for the colored A
 merican’a elevation, frugality and industry are
 most efficient. The lamented Professor
 Follen in a lecture delivered before the A del
 phi association of Boston, urged at length
 that the colored citizens of this Republic
 should aim to become monied men, and indus
 trious men. I would not encourage in you
 the spirit to think too much of money; but in
 the present state of society, wealth is one of
 the greatest securities of rights—it is the poor
 who are oppressed, in the expressive language
 of the Proverbs, “the misfortune of the poor
 is his poverty.” When our country wasstrug.
 gling for liberty, the constant theme of Dr.
 Franklin to his fellow citizens was, to be care
 ful of their money. The Quakers of Eng
 land were once much persecuted,but by indus
 try and frugality they became wealthy, and
 all parties have since respected them; their
 wealth was not the only cause, but undoubted
 ly a great one. The Jews have often obtain
 ed respite from persecution, through the me
 dium of wealth. The victim of American
 colorphob.a can rise superior to the present
 prejudices, and compel justice, only by mak
 ing himself an object of regard by bis charac
 er, and of respect by his attainments; thus
 forcing the white man to concede the right so
 long withheld. Money in the possession of a
 colored man, oft-times exerts a magical influ
 ence over the the optical powers. A wealthy
 New England merchant once withheld civility
 from a colored Jamaica merchant, until he as
 certained him to be wotth two millions of dol
 lars, when presto! change, be asked for an
 introduction to the gentleman exclaiming that
 he hated aristocratic distinctions.
 The man who lays by s dollar, has gone so'
 far to make himself independent, and if ena
 bled to set aside 13 1-3, cents a-day, will thus
 accumulate fifty dollars s year. How few ol
 us there are, who could not, by the sacrifice
 of some luxury, contribute that sum daily, to
 a saving fund, which would soon be the foun
 dation of a fortune, enabling the man to be
 queath a bouse to his child.
 la Footer's excellent essay on decision of
 character, is ta account of a young man who
 lost a fortune, through the influence of bia
 worthless associates: bu&lt; in a sober moment,
 stung to the quick, he resolved that all ihe es
 tate* just loot should again be his He accor
 dingly persevered through a number of pnva
 tiouo and difficulties, disregarding the manner
 of occupation, speedily but eauiiously, began
 a uade w cattle, turned his first gams into
 second advantages, sod thus by degrees ad
 vanced into incipient wealth and finally more
 than recovered his lost possessions, sod died
 worth 60,000 pounds. The success attained
 by this young man, was no more than has re
 warded the eflurte of the persevering and
 energetic, la every city and town are thaee
 who hare raised themselves by the same con
 centrated means; sod these are sot exclusive
 ly confined to the favored portion of the com
 munity, hut several colored men, who, despite
 the additional incubus of American prejudices
 bant hewn for ihsmselrM a path to respecta
 bility and leflnmwe.
 It ia a fool wenhy of nodes, that the Irish
 drpnmt more money ta lha Strings Bank,
 than any usher class of persons; and more
 over sand horns to ihsur parents irisli of
dollars annually How much might ie* not
 do, if they can do so much.
 1 shall begin to take hope of the colored
 A aeries ns. when they begin to educate them
 selves, and to lav up tleir morev.—w c. v.
British Sieves v», Americas slaves,
 Cicero rol.lro .hu ,hc H
 stupid elites in Rom
 Morooter, he urgro hi, fnend A.i«T”ih*
 io hue sle.ro from flh
 stupidity, and then luaiiiitude l„ l-„„
 and other accomplishments."
 Think of that, ye proud despise,, „f ,h«
 n«*gro race, who (firm that they arc utkfid
 as to be fit only for slaves. Your n* n
 tors were once also despised f.. r iheir Mopidi
 ty and not for their stupidity only, but also
 for their ugliness—the very reasons you give
 why the colored man in this country should
 not be admitted to the rights of manhood and
 citizenship. There is thisdifference, however,
 between the Roman and the American slave
 holder—that while the one endeavord to in
 struct the British slave in the “accomplish
 ments" of the times, the other uses every
 possible means to prevent the negro slave from
 acquiring knowledge and intelligence. If the
 “stupid snd ugly” Briton couidbe refined and
 civilized, why not also the so-called “ugly
 and stupid” negro’ Co Id we but parade a
 few of those skin-dad, painted savages, whom
 Cicero called “ugly and stupid.” through the
 streetsof Charleston or New Orleans, what a
 blow it would be to the pride of the skin
 aristocracy It would be worth a Jew’j eye
 to see how the citizens would stare. There
 is reason to fear that the undutiful scoundrels
 would not acknowledge their own fathers.
 Th: “stupid” old worshippers of Thor and
 Woden might think themselves extremely
 fortunate, if they wore not claimed as the
 “property” of John Calhoun, or some other
 sag? or Senator, who thinks—or at least says,
 that slavery is the best condition for the col
 ored man, —because he is so ‘stupid” as not
 to I e able to take care of htmlelf. Cicero
 thought that the Briton was so stupid as not
 to he fit even for a slave. What education
 has done for the one, it can and will do for the
 other.—j. d.
Slaves in California.—' The Wetumka
 (Ala.) Guard, of the27th uil. publishes ihe
 following answer to those who say that
 slavery will not be established in the new
 territory, on account of the unsuitahleness of
 i the soil and climate. There cannot be a doubt
 i that the Southern slave-holdeis hope to play
 the Texan game over again. There is ground
 for hope—though it is a hope to be indulged
 only with fear and trembling, that the North
 ern cmigiatmn to California will defeat their
 counsels. In the mean time, the paragraph
 1 quoted below shows tnat slaves w ill s&lt; on be in
 California in great numbers. It will be re
 collected that it was recently decided by a
 judge in Missouri, that according to Ameri
 can law, all that was required to render
 slavery legal was to prove its existence. Will
 Northern men allow that t« lie atiue interpre
 tation of their much boasted Constitution 1 If
 it is, w hat greater absurdity can be committed
 than to talk of excluding slavery from the
 territories, under that Constitution x “No urr
 ion with slaveholders” is the only sure ground
 to preserve the Noith from all participation in
 tho sin and shame of slavery. Let the North
 come up to that point, and the days of this
 iniquity are numbered.— .j d.
 “We are pleased to witness that the citixens
 of the Southern States are taking things in
 their own hands, so far as regards tho estab
 lishment of slavery in California. Already
 have we learned of some hundred ot more
 slaves being sent to that country, from dif
 ferent parts of the slave Slates. Some sixty
 or seventy have been sent from one Parish in
 Louisiana, by two men. Almost every man
 who o.vna negroes, and has gone to that coun
 try, has carried one or two with him. Mr
 Phillips, who passed through Mobile a few
 days since, carried w ith him a negro hoy, and
 we learn that Judge Bird, who left Cahawba
 a short time since, also took ‘Jack,’ from
 whose sable fingers the Judge no doubt calcu
 lates on receiving many lumps of the genuine
 article.”
Cholera—Prevention the best Remedy.
 The Loudon Tunes publishes an extract
 from a circular issued by the Board of Health
 which shows the advantage of adopting pre
 ventive measures in stopping the ravages of
 this malignant malady. Ot more importance,
 however, is it that every one shuuld
 exercise a watchful care over his own health.
 Those debilitated by vice and intemperance,
 are invariably the first, and in some cases, the
 only victims. Cleanliness, temperance in
 eating as well as in drinking, and abstinence
 from every vice, with open air, and exercise,
 are the best preventives of this, as of all other
 diseases. The Hebrew poet spoke not less
 truthfully than poetically, of the safety
 of the good man, in the midst of the
 pestilence—’‘A thousand shall fall at thy side,
 and ten thousand at thy right hand, hut it
 shall not come nigh thee,” and this not in
 consequence of any special intervention of Pro
 vidence, but in stiict conformity with ihe law
 of Nature, which is the law ol (iod. The
 Times’ notice of the circular is interesting.
 A portion of a is extracted.—j. o.
 ‘‘Under the most favorable circumstances,
 and w hatever mode of treatment be adopted,
 one-third of those attacked by cholera die;
 under unfavorable circumstances, one-half;
 and hi some instances, nine out of ten. Never
 was there a case ui which it was more impor
 tant to study prevention rather than cure
 From ibis official circular, it appears that sn
 experiment hi* been tried at Dumfries, found
 ed on the fact that an sttsck of cholera is com
 monly preceded by premonitory symptoms,
 principally disorder ot the bowels. This pre
 monitory diarrheas peing unattended with pain,
 sod not materially interfering with hesl h.
 usually escaj*es attention until it baa pasar-d
 ioio developed cholera. In (he present sure
 of publie information on this subject, the only
 means of catching the disease in its first and
 preventable s«sge, is to make a daily house-
 Uchtruae visualhhi of the sfleeted district, in
 urd« to discover the earliest existence of pre
 monitory symptoms, and to apply the appro
 priate remedies on the sp« t. Such a boure
 m-house visitation has been carried out in
 Dumfries, a town containing about 10,500
 i*ouls. Before the system of visitation »i*
 adopted, that is witbtn the first 96 days of lb*
 epidemic, 969 persons bad perished of this
 disease, —sn apnling mortality out of so sms'l
 popuiat.on. On the first day when the
 ■tattoo system was fsnly brought into op-ia
 u«u there occurred 37 new cases; on the third
 day afterwards there were 33; on ihe fouith
 II; and in 7 days trom this period, that is. ta
 11 days from the firat adoption oi the piss,
 the disease cessed to exist. It cannot be said
 that the epidemic, having now reached its
 heighth, wis gradually dyir g of itself, be
 cause on the 10th day of the experiment,
 wheo there were ooly four cases of the chol
 era, there were 99 case# of premonitory di
 harema—s significant indication of the con
 uouance of the eptdsoaic influence, and that a
