considerable proportion of thoee 98 cases
 would have passed into true cholera, if left to
 tbem«elrea, i» considered to be beyond a doubt;
 but it is stated dial by the prompt treatment
 they receired, their progress was completely
 checked.
 Colorphobia.—A Discovery
 Home poor unfortunate wight of an editor,
 who publishes a paper called the Standard, not
 known to fame, it is true, but still a paper and
 to tome extent, of course, the mouih-ptece of
 of the humans in Westfield, Maas., was re
 cently laboring under an attack of the malig
 nant and dangerous malady known as color
 phobu. The diagnosis was no doubt perfect.
 Many of the symptoms manifested themselves
 most unequivocally. It especially appears
 from the evidence, that he had a quite unusual
 dread of coming in contact with persons of a
 certain color. Yellow, if from an attack of
 jaundice, he was not peculiarly affected by, but
 if from a natural hereditary cause, his alarm
 and uneasiness were very great. The darker
 the color, the greater was his dread. Ihe ap
 proach of s decidedly black man aroused him
 to a perfect paroxysm of terror. His fiiends
 tried to reason him out of this singular notion,
 but could not; they expostulated with him,
 but in vain they showed him that the black
 man of whom he was so terribly afraid, was
 by no m tans such s frightful object—that be
 was in fact, quite a harmless, clever sort of
 a fellow,—but all to no purpose. Like the
 Rev. Dr. of whom we have heard, who fan-
 cied himself a teapot, and would insist upon
 walking about with an arm on each side, so
 placed, as to make one assume the place of
 the handle—the other of the spout; and by
 no force of reasoning was it possible to con
 vince the deluded D. D. that he was anything
 of more importance than an old maid s teapot.
 ih like that other unhappy mortal of whom
 we have heard, who fancied that he had an
 over-grown nose—so large that he required to
 walk with care, when crossing the threshold
 of his door, lest some protruding carbuncle
 should come in contact with the doorposts;
 and moreover imagined that this immense pro
 boscis was made of glass, and if only slightly
 touched, would break into a thousand frag
 ments. Just in such an illusive state of mind,
 was the hapless editor of the W estfield Stan
 dard, during his recent attack of colorphobia.
 Such cases may be met with every day. In
 almost every town and city of the Union may
 be found many just such cases; or if the dis
 ease does not so strongly manifest itself, the
 virus is there, and requires only the applica
 tion of certain external causes to make it as
 sume in the afflicted patient, all the most pain
 ful and malignant symptoms. These externa!
 causes, unfortunately lor ihe editor of the
 Westfield Standard,were applied in his neigh
 borhood. Presently, how vehemently he
 whines out his distress! “Ye gods and little
 fishes!” what a splutter there must have been
 in that printing office. In the name ol all the
 prophets, figs, fiddlesticks, and frogs,it is to be
 hoped—the devil did’nt drop his roller; or the
 green un’ at case, m lus fear and flustration,
 knock a handful into pi. Heie is the groan
 interpreted into words. He is a decided
 “case.” Nothing can save him. Just read
 —isn't it “orful ”1
 Negro Magistrate. —Robert Morris, a j
 sable gentleman of Boston, has lately been
 commissioned Justice of the peace by Gov.
 Briggs. It strikes us that this is carrying the
 joke too far.
 Positively, a negro magistrate! Robert
 Morris, a “sable gentleman,” has been com
 missioned to take the seat occupied hithertoo
 by vchite gentlemen.—Oh, it ia too bad not j
 lobe endured. -That seal has been sacred,
 from time immemorial to the sitting members J
 of white men—real porcelain—none of your j
 common ware, and it is now to be disgraced
 by the occupancv of a “sable gentleman
 Never! such profanation is insufferable. It
 cannot be; must not be This “deown east
 editor “kneows a thing or tew.” He can’t
 stand that anyhow. “Du tell! says he, “I
 guess that are’s carryin’ the joke raythertew
 far No sir-ee none o’ yere darn'd niggers
 here Really, it is 100 bad that white folks
 can’t grab all the pickings. What have “sable I
 gentlemen” to do with justice, except to hear
 it talked about, and be robbed of it, if not by i
 law—without law. They have no right to be j
 even inside a court of justice, except at the j
 bar as culprits. But to have one of “them are
 critters” on the Bench, hearing evidence and
 dispensing justice !—Oh!“the times aie out of
 joint.” It cannot be allowed. We” must
 see to this.
 Well, Mr. Standard, listen to me. I'll tell
 you how to set this to rights. Don’t be
 alarmed. There’s no gnat harm done yet.
 If this appointment by Gov. Briggs has led
 you to make the discovery that a pale face is
 a sign of wisdom—that the darker the face is,
 the farther is the possessor of it fiom being a
 Solomon—l say, if this appointment of the
 “sable gentleman” called and calling himself,
 and generally known by the name of Robert
 Morns, has led you to make the most impor
 tant discovery befoiesaid, then surely you
 will not regret —nor will Massachusetts ic
 grel —nor will this glorious Union- regret
 nor will the wide world regret —the slight
 disgrace inflicted on the white Justice's chair,
 or bench, or tripod, or whatever other indivi
 dual of the genus seat it happens to lie,
 by its affording temporary support to the
 tilling member of a 6able gentleman.” 1
 would advise you forthwith to make this dis
 covery hnown. Get out an extra,” Mr.
 Standard—ah !—that’s it—get out an ex
 tra !—headed, in large and black type—
 Important Discovert Easy and tnfal
 tilde method of determining who are totse and
 who are fools f —all new and original. By
 the Editor What a chance for fame
 aye, not for fame only, but for the dimes—
 the dimes! Mr. Standard, think of that!
 What a musical and pleasant jingle they
 would make ui those empty pockets! May
 hap, too, your famo would reach Washing
 ton and would not old Rough-and-R«ady
 delight to honor such a man* Then think
 i,ow you might travel through the country,
 and show yourself, m every place received
 with winning smiles and cordial greet
 ings crowds of sweet faces in the windows
 looking at you; rcjoiciog and gladness
 everywhere on your approach. ihe
 conquering hero comes!” Make way for
 the editor of the Wesifield Standard j.
 Tub Old Store.—The Lancaster Gazeiie
 elites, as a lamentable fact, that with one
 exception, every case of a criminal nature
 bro ight before the Court of Common Pleas
 of Fairfield County, Ohio, during its recent
 svaeioo, originated, either directly or remotely,
 *foo» the sab and uee of ardent spirits,
Ptec—t— la Kentucky.
 i The subject of emandpetioo in not allowed
 jto rest in Kentucky. At a large aad enthu
 siastic meeting held on the 8d mat. at Rsch
 mood, delegates—seventy in number, were
 appointed to the convention, to be held at
 j Frankfort on the 85th. This meeting re
 solved.—
 Ist. That Slavery »an evil, aad an iosupet
 able obstacle to the future prosperity of Ken
 tucky. and that should any practicable plan
 for its removal be suggested, they will cordi
 ally adopt it.
 2d. That the principle involved in the law
 1 of 1833, prohibiting the importation of alavea
 into the Commonwealth, m wise and salutary,
 and a clause equivalent to that law should be
 ombodi«l in the new Constitution.
 3d. That no Constitutionoeght to be adop-
 I ted by the people, which does not provide for
 its own alteration, whenever experience shall
 point out any objectionable feature, to be first
 considered by the Legislature, and then at
 the polls.
 Cassius M. Clay was amoogat the speakers.
 He was appointed one of the delegates; and
 haa since written a letter to the Louisville
 Courier, which is given below. The senti
 ments of that letter are infinitely superior to
 those of his kinsman. But Caseins is a crazy
 craft—will sail pretty well in calm weather,
 (if, however, we may judge of the future by
 the past,) makes an uncommon amount of lea
 way, and gets dreadfully water-logged in a
 storm. The sentiments of the letter on the
 whole are bold and manly. Only let him be
 true to them, and flinch not when the day of
 trial comes, and he will yet, to some extent
 redeem hts laurels. When such sentiments
 as those of Cassius M. Clay’s letter become
 prevalent in Kentucky, slavery is doomed
 in that State.— j. d.
 “The virtual repeal of the law of ’33 by the
 last Legislature, ii a subject of regret to all
 sensible men of all parlies.
 “Its mural influence was good, for deference
 to virtue is itself a virtue, and it becomes a na
 tion to affect at least some shame in carrying
 on the slave trade! It was good, because so
 far as slave breeding was profitable, it gave
 slave-holders a partial monopoly of the sys
 tem: and if an evil system is to be kept up, it
 may be a salvo to our moral sensibilities to fill
 our pockets with gold. It had the effect of
 preventing to some extent the increase of a
 most degraded class of slaves: for whilst under
 the law of ’33 the South was our “penal colo
 ny,” under the system Kentucky is to be the
 Botany Bay of all the South we trade. A
 pressure in the money market will ensue
 when criminal slaves are returned instead of
 the metaht: already the rale of usury has ad
 vanced! And above all, if, as these men,
 hope, slavery is to be made perpetual among
 us, only a vety little common sense is needed
 to induce us to keep the white race as much
 as possible in the ascendant. The repeal of
 this law then is not only paricidal but displays
 a love of evil for its own sake which was not
 necessary to make slavery infamous.
 “That Emancipationists, however, should
 fall back upon .he law’ of ’33 as a battle-ground
 instead of pressing their own great principles,
 seems equal weakness and folly. Nor can I
 j*iin with thgse who have such affinities for
 majorities! lam not so much in love with
 majorities as to square my policy, far less my
 principles, by what a given majority may
 chance to think!
 “Upon a tariff or any mere financial meas
 ure, we find no such timid suggestions: but
 again and again have we rallied to renewed
 effort in many a lost field. Why then only in
 this contest are we asked to take council of
 our fears* and because we may suppose that a
 majority may be against us, to lay down our
 arms without striking a blow!
 “Slavery is a legal tyranny over natural
 right; and every just man will seek uncom
 promisingly its overthrow. The people made
 it, and the people can unmake it.
 “The slave-holders attempt to browbeat us
 into giving our vote, tacit support to this
 “wrong” and “withering curse!” For
 such are the terms of some of our leading
 i men! What is there in slavery that it should
 j lie treated with such tenderness! What is
 I there sacied in slavery? It is time this silly
 leant should cease! It i 9 time to manifest
 some little common sense, and some little
 manliness—aud to meet this question just ex
 actly like every other one, upon which freemen
 vote, and freemen act!
 “When will come a better time than now
 to organize a party upon expedience—upon
 right?
 “With the slave-party in *76, the time had
 not come! In ’92 the time had not come! In
 ’9B the time has not come! And now; in ’49,
 the time had not come!
 “To the weak and craven hearted the time
 I for honorable achievement never comes! Men
 iof spirit are the masters not the slaves of
 1 time!
 “Yes Kentuckians, the time has come! -If
 beaten now, we should again and again renew
 i the battle till victory perches upon our stan
 dard. For, to allow that slavery is to be per
 petual, is to reverse the moral law—the ex-
 J perience of all time—and set up the rule of ac
 j tion, honesty ia not the best policy! Which
 j conviction is to be dreaded, not as leading to
 crime and misery, but as itself the greatest of
 evils!” C. M. CLAY.
American Bible Society. —The man
 agers of ihe American Bible Society met in
 New York last week. Four new societies
 were recognized—one in Michigan, one in
 lowa, one in North Carolina, and one in
 Arkansas.— Ei.
 Bible Societies in North Carolina and
 Arkansas! We shall hear next of aux
 iliaries being organized among the slave
 catchers on the Bights of Benin and Biafra,
 or perhaps in the cabin of a slave-vessel. Says
 that Bible, which these societies collect money
 to circulate, “Do justly, love mercy and walk
 humbly with thy God." The slaveholding
 members 'of these auxiliary Bible Societies
 obey the first of these injunctions by robbing
 the negro of his God-giving rights the second
 by flogging, branding, and maiming the slave;
 the third by setting their commands above
 those of Heaven. O the Pharisaical hypocrites!
 “The common damned shun their society,”
 and the good and orthodox hnstians of the
 North embrace them as brethreo.—j. p.
Correction. —ln John S. Jacobs’ letter,
 of last week, the reader will please to make
 the following corrections:
 A deacon of the Presbyterian church tried
 to get hu own church but Mr. Meharg (not
 Mehay) the minister, objected, &amp;c.
 At Medina deacon Cook, and Mr. Snell,
 and a number of others, spoke in defence of
 old Zack. Mr. Snell made quite a speech.
Window Sash Lock.—Mr. W. E. Ar
 nold of this city, has invented a very neat
 and convenient lock for window sashes. It
 is really an ingenious contrivance, very much
 superior to anything of the sort we have ever
 seen, in efficiency, and ease of management.
 We leant that Mr. Arnold has a large and
 daily increasing demand for this ankle. Its
 popularity is well deserved. Those who
 want Saab Locks should buy Arnold’s.
M. Mathixl, black representative in tbe
 French Assembly from Giradaloope, has re
 cently made an effective speech which procur
 •d tbe deft# of the measure be spoke
 against. Color is no crime In France.
Tn Port’s Last Move.—The Peps, Is
 his distress, has award an Encyclicsl Letter
 loeg-coolMted qtectxm respecting the imam
 ulate cntfMß of the Vieots Mart the
 expectation is, tbet Mary being thus specially
 booored, will coese to the teseee of her wor
 shippers, so far at least as te pet deera the
 rebellroeii Roman Republic. Is the world
 going back This stretch of absurdity is
 scarcely credible even of Popery. The Loo
 doe Tablet (the Catholic organ) announce*
 the fact with all solemnhv, as a matter of
 gieat import. The elevation of Ireland, sad
 other Roman Catholic countries of Europe,
 most be hopeless while they contuse to have
 faith in soch silliness aad priestcraft. The
 potato blight resting upon the Irish had, is a
 small matter compared with the blight of ig
 norance and religious gullibility resting
 upon the Irish people. —r. a.
Exhibition or the Colored School.—An
 exhibition will be given by the Colored School
 of this city at Irving Hall this (Monday) even
 ing. The exercises will commence at
 7 o’clock, and will be of a varied and interest
 ing character aad interspersed with music.
 This school has for some time peat bees an
 der the eaperintendeoce of Mr. William C.
 Nell, who, we regret to observe has bow dis
 solved hfar connection with it. The Eshibi
 tion this evening will dosbtlees be attended by
 large numbers who fed an interest in this
 school.— Rock. Amer.
 This Exhibition took place on the evening
 named; and notwithstanding the unfavorable
 state of the weather, there was a good audi
 ence. Great praise is due to William C.
 Nell for his exertions amongst the children of
 the colored people in this city; and it must be
 gratifying to him, as it is honorable to those
 who have chiefly benefited by bis labocs,
 that he haa won their esteem and their confi
 dence. The Exhibition afforded a lively
 proof of the capabilities of the colored race.
 Some of the recitations were really excellent;
 and for young persons of their years, all of
 them were creditable. The singing by the
 class was in good taste, and tune. Some
 original compositions were read by the scho
 lars, very much beyond both the ability and j
 pretensions of many of their grown-up white
 oppressors. No better refutation than this
 exhibition afforded, could be wished of the
 oft-repeated slanders of negro incapacity.
 Mr. Nell’s selections were well calculated to
 inspire his youthful pupils with the spirit of
 manliness, independence, and freedom. May
 he have much success in all his efforts in the
 good cause of truth and righteousness. The
 school in this city, in losing Mr. Nell, sus
 tains a loss which will not easily be reme
 died.—J. D.
 ID* Since writing the above, I have heard
 that urgent requests have been made to have
 the exhibition repeated. If it ia thought de
 sirable, due notice will be given of the time
 resolved upon.
Communications.
Notice.
 The subscriber having suffered patiently and
 perhaps sufficiently from the longue of sian
 det and the pea of calumny, would cheer
 fully present to the Christian public the fol
 lowing testimonials; at the same lime having
 a conscience void of offence towards God and
 man—he would joyfully affirm that he is con
 cious of good will and a spirit of forgiveness
 towards the person or persons who have im
 posed upon him this necessity.
 HIRAM WISON.
 Rochester, April 18th 1849.
Dawn Mills, 9th March, 1849.
 “Being made aware that certain reports,
 calculated to affect the credit and standing of
 the Rev. Hiram Wilson have been circulated
 in the United States by a person or persons
 formerly attached to the British American In
 stitute in this township, we take pleasure in
 stating that we believe such reports to be with
 out foundation; and that during an acquaint
 ance of several years with Mr. Wilson, we
 have always found his conduct to be entirely
 consistent with his profession as a minister of
 the Christian gospel; and we are farther
 aware that Mr. Wilson’s character stands high
 among persons of respectability in this and other
 neighborhoods in which we are acquainted.
 John Lillie,
 Chalks Baxter,
 James Smith.
Chatham, C. W. 16 h March, 1849.
 To the Rev. Hiram Wilson, Dawn Insti
 tute —Sir Having understood that a person
 formerly connected with this Institution at
 Dawn has been calumniating you in quarters,
 where it might do yourself and the cause
 which you are advocating, serious injury,
 we have great pleasure in being able to tes
 tify to the uniform uprightness and energetic
 perseverance which has characterized all your
 proceedings for many years past, while in this
 neighborhood, and it only surprises us that
 you have succeeded so well, amid the many
 difficulties and prejudices with which you have
 been encircled; that you have succeeded, the
 improved condition of the colored people you
 have settled at Dawn abundantly testifies.
 We always regarded you as the fouuder of
 the colored establishment, and we attribute
 wholly and solely to your energy, zeal and
 upright cooduct, their advancement.
 Yours truly
 B. F. Barfoot, V. Waddell, Sheriff,
 John Crow, W r alter Eberts,
 J. R. Freeman, A. R. Robertson,
 J. McMullin, Henry Ebzrts,
 Capt. S. B. Brothers.
Fbom Friends.
 7b all whom this may concern This may
 certify that we have been acquainted with
 Hiram Wilson at the Dewn Institution, for a
 considerable length of time, and have never
 seen or heard bet that he has coodoeted him
 self with strict propriety and to general satis
 faction. We also were at the Institution this
 last foil, and visited the school principally
 compueed of adored children. The order of
 the school end the advancement of the chil
 dren were highly satisfactory to its.
 Frederick Stoves,
 John Palmer.
 Toronto, 98th March, 1848.
Having known Hiram Wileoe for may
 jeers, and be having bene a good character
 in tboeo perm, Heal j—tiied in atataag that I
 believe him to he a jadteinoa person in Ins
calling or undertaking for the good efUa breth
 ren. William P. Bashes
 Norwich, 97 3d too. 1849.
 Toronto, 98th March, 1849.
 Hearing that attempts have recently bees
 made to injure the character of the Rev. Hi
 ram Wfleoa of Dawn in this Province, I feel
 it to be my doty to state that I have knows
 that gentleman eleven years, throughout which
 time I have been connected with him aa his
 neighbor in thin city, or ae a Trustee in the
 Dawn iastitatioa in which be has labored, aad
 that though hispositioa has often exposed him
 to very .invidious footings, no person has ever
 seemed to be able to allege anything hurtful
 to hi* character. I regard him aa aa upright,
 disinterested, laborious friend of the colored
 race; as well as a devout follower ot the Lord
 Jeeae Christ.
 Jon Roar, Congregational Minister.
 Toronto, 29th March, 1849.
 I have known the Rev. H. Wilson from the
 time of his coming to this Province and have
 always looked on him as a man largely im
 bued with Christian principles and eminently
 devoted to the interests of the colored people,
 for whose sake be has without repining or
 complaint borne much privation and toil. He
 has my entire confidence and my commenda
 tion to the confidence of the friends of the
 African race wherever found.
 A. Lillie,
 Tutor Congrcgational Theological Institute.
 Toronto, 29th March, 1849.
 I have been acquainted with the Rev. Hi
 ram Wilson for ten years, first aa a resident of
 this city, and then as superinteodant of the
 Dawn Institute, where I have seen him annu
 ally for some years, and have had occasion to
 witness the patience, fidelity and perseverance
 with which he has borne his trials, and prose
 cuted his labors st that place; and 1 have rea
 son to believe that he possesses the respect and
 confidence of the inhabitants in that neighbor
 hood, and that he is the sincere and zealous
 friend of the colored people; to promote
 whose welfare, he appears to have devoted
 himself. He possesses my confidence as a
 truly Christian man.
 James Richardson,
 Agent U. C. Bible Society.
 To all whom it may concern.
 Columbia, Pa. April 16th, 1849.
 Frederick Douglass: I find in your last
 two numbers a slight comment on this passage
 of Scripture, first by M. R. D. then by G.W.
 “first seek ye the kingdom of heaven, and al]
 other things shall be added.” They both leave
 me in the dark, G. W. accuses M. R. D
 with charging the church as falling into error.
 The chuich must be led astray, if we do not
 look and read as it is laid down by our
 Lord’s command. The New Testament says
 Matt. vi. 33, “But seek ye first the kingdom
 of God and his righteousness, and all these
 things shall be added unto you.” I now ask!
 my readers to look at this text for themselves,’
 not by hearsay. It says, “these things,” the&gt;
 things pertaining to the kingdom of God.j
 What are these things? Luke xii. 32, gives;
 the answer, not so broad as is supposed.
 See also Luke xvii. 21; and xiii. 18. Read
 for yourselves, and see what “these things”
 of the kingdom are; these are the things we
 want. They will set the captive free.
 Yours in the cause of liberty and open to
 be instructed. L. A. W.
Col. Fremont’s Expedition.
 Col. Benton has received a letter from Col.
 Fremont, detailing the privations and misfor
 tunes which he experienced in his journey
 over the Rocky Mountains. He says in this
 letter, of the sufferings of his party—
 One after another, wearied and frozen wero
 left behind to die—others, passing onward te
 save themselves from cold hunger, and star
 vation, were compelled to eat the dead bodies
 of their comrades, before they became cold; j
 The St. Louis Republican of March 30th,
 further says,
 “Col. Fremont left Sante Fe on the 15th
 ult., on his way to California. Of the dread
 ful disaster which befel him in the mountains,!
 we have this account. The published letters
 from Col. Fremont and his friends left hinr
 ascending a mountain, and within five or six'
 miles of the summit. But this elevation hei
 never reached. A storm came up, which
 forced him to retreat, and to shelter in :he
 valley below.—Here, it is said, the snow
 drifted, and accumulated to the depth of thirty
 or forty feet, and the party lost all their ani
 mals, and were compelled to leave their entire
 outfit. The snow covered the animals and
 every thing else from view, and Col. F. and
 his party were driven to seek safety on th,
 sides of the mountain. In this emergency,'
 Bill Williams, a hardy mountaineer, and tw»j
 others, volunteered to seek succor from the
 nearest settlements, and it was arranged that
 they should return in twenty days. As they j
 failed to do so, however. Col. Fremont and
 one or two others resolved upon attempting to
 reach Taos; and on the sixth day from their
 leaving camp, they overtook Williams and
 one of his companions. The other,(Mr.
 King, of the District of Columbia,) was repre
 sented to have died of the exposure and of
 hunger; and in the extremity to which theo
 were driven, the survivors were forced to eat
 a part of his body.
 Col. Fremont made his way to Taos, ob
 tained aid, provisions and horses, and then
 set out in search of his party. But more than
 one third of his men had, in tbe interval of bis
 absence, died from exposure and hunger; and
 one or two of them had given out, and were
 left to die, when he came up with them.—
 The number who thus perished is stated at
 eleven.
 On his arrival at Sante Fe, he was furnish
 ed with horses bj tbe Quartermaster, and with
 stores from the commissary of the l. S. and
 after recruitinghis party, again set off for Cali
 fornia—taking the route pursued by Col. Cook
 in 1847. J
 He and his party have suffered terribly in
 this expedition, sod it will be s warning to sll
 others never to attempt such s journey in mid
 winter.
 Col. Fremont throws the blame of his mis.
 fortunes upon the ignorance and incapacity of
 his guide.
 Loom Natolxo*. it is said, rambles much
 about the Parisian streets, unattended. His
 cabinet counsel him, if he wishes to avoid ss
 saasioatioa, to relinquish the practice.
HIED
 Os the 14* *he house of Grift*
 M. Cooper, WiMisanna, N-,Y.. Anvf Mott,
 (&lt;hu*bter of Jobs Mott, lately wnvwi to Hieki
 gaoJacodSl jearsaadftwaniha. Tho doeoosod
 left a large circle of friends to whsss dtsvso
 darned by a rare eomhiastiwi of qaaiirie* both of
 the sued sad heart.
 Tbs dmd era She by day,
 Withdraws fcrns swrad eye.
 Bat sat sot sadai t *sy held thair way
 la glory throat* the sky
 iahar dm** the slave has loot s warn friend,
 and the mass of odocstioa aa ardmt patron.
Commercial.
Rocaxtrcs, April 27,
 There is bat lade doing nda Mart#*- feb&gt; o
 Floor have boea Mdi ia lute «C fans MB to *§'bM».
 at abaaft IM( ta #4,90, aad vc bear ef a safe a*
 10 bUa mtenbt at #O. Tbvr« will be aa rales of
 iafwt»a», however. bdn the optima oi the C3a~
 1 aak, when we mmj expect aa unproved toar ta basi
 aass amurri gentniijr. Wheat is nominal at |UB
 per bushel. Bat dure bare bare bat s frw ak».
 Oats said tester iky at 27c per bunbetl.
 Rochester Wbslmle Prices Cmrreat.
 FI.OUR aid MEAL Dayßpeidnl
 Floor, p bbl 5 OMS M
 Cora meal, p baab 45 50
 PROVISIONS. —Doty;Beef,Pork.llasu, Bacon.
 Batter aad Lard, 10 f c; Cheese 9Bf cadnl
 Peek, (am) .1300« 14 00
 Do. ia bag 40 3 50
 Beef, cwi. 400 49 500
 Do. bbl. (nra) 700 800
 Lard (tried) pfe 07* 8
 Do. (leaf.)
 Hams, (smoked) O
 Shoulder*, do 5 49 0
 Turkey. pB «4
 Chickens 64
 Potatoes, bosh 38 50
 GRAIN —Duty; 20 p e ad val
 Wheat, bash 1 12
 Corn 49 44
 Rye 40. 53
 Oat- 49 31
 Barley 50 .50
 HIDES—Duty; SpeadvaE
 Slaughter ..‘3*
 CaR ..10
 Sheep Pelts f4O 0 75
 SEEDS—Don; Linseed 10 pc; Mustard 20 P
 e ad ml
 Clover 3 75 40 5 00
 Timothy 200• 2 50
 Fla* 1 00
 FlSH—Duty on foreign caught; 20 pc ad val
 Wbitefish bbl 6 75
 Codfish cwt 3 80
 SUNDRIES—
 Sah, P bbl 1 25
 Apples, p bosh .37
 Do. dried [g tj2j
 Eggs, p dot 10
 Beans, p bush 4 1 75
 Hay, p ton 7 00 ft II 00
 Hard wood 3 00
 Soft Wood
JOB PRINT ENG.
 THE NORTH STAR OFFICE, i* furnished
 with new Job Type, for the execution of every
 description of Printing w ith neatness and despatch,
 at the lowest prices for cash, vit:
 Hand-hills, Blanks, Bill-heads,
 Programmes, Circulars, Bills of lading,
 Pamphlets, Cards, Labels, Sic.
Narrative of the life of Freder
 ick DOUGLASS, written by himself, to be
 had at this office, price 30 cents.
Intislavery office and Reading Room,
 No. 25 Buffalo St. Rochester, opposite the Arcade.
 THIS office has been newly stocked with the
 latest and best works on slavery and other mural
 questions. Among them are the Young Abolitionist
 —Poverty its illegal causes and legal cure—The
 Power of Kindness—The Branded Hand—History
 of tl»e Mexican war—Theodore Parker’s Ser
 mon on J. Q. Adams—do on the Mexican war—
 do his letters to tlie People of the United States—
 Tl»e Church as it is or the Forlorn hope of Slavery
 Despotism in America, and Arrliy Moore.
 I intend to have in connection with office a Cir
 culating Library, as soon as I can get a sufficient
 number of useful and instructive books of a moral
 and scientific character.
 JOHN S. JACOBS.
Asylum for the Sick who have been con
 fined to their beds from 1 to 20 years.
 DR. HAMILTON'S Hydropathic and Anyalytic
 Asylum, No 217 Exchange Street, opposite the
 Orphan Asylum, Rochester, N.Y. This Institution
 is now firmly established and in successful opera
 tion. The proprietor analyzes every disease that is
 admitted there, and applies the natural and appro
 priate remedy. Although water is used in every wav
 j that is applied in any water-cure establishment in
 the United States, yet the proprietor wishes it to he
 expressly understood that it is not relied on as the only
 j or principal lemedy in the treatment of .disease snb-
 I mitted to his care.
 I This Establishment is designed for that class of
 invalids who have failed to obtain their health by all
 other systems of practice, and are still unable to
 walk or stand on their feet, and are confined to their
 oeds, wearing out a life of misery and suffering with
 qut any hope of ever being any letter.
 Tlie remedies made use of in this Institution not
 only entirely remove disease hut give increased
 strength and’elasticity to the system. Many have
 been brought here from different parts of the coun
 try, who had neither walked or borne their weight
 on tlieir feet from five to fifteen years; and some
 who have been unable to dress or undress, or even
 to feed themselves, and in die course of a few w eeks
 would be walking with the elasticity of youth and
 the quickness of a pedestrian, astonished at them
 j selves, and surprising tlieir friends ami ail who saw
 tliem when lliey first came. The treatment of this
 Institution is particularly calculated to remove the
 diseases peculiar to females, such as
 Ist. The falling of the Womb, in all its stages
 and conditions in patients, from twelve years of age
 i up to sixty, and even if they have been confined to
 their beds from one to twenty, unable to stand, walk,
 1 dress, or undress themselves, or even too feeble to
 bear any noise or speak aloud.
 2d. Weakness and Falling of die Bowels; Pain
 in the Side, Shoulders, Back and Head- Spinal
 Diseases, Liver Complaints, Sinking Sensation at
 the Stomach, Palpitation of tlie Heart, Dyspepsia
 in all its forms and stagey Piles, Costiveness, Di
 arrhoea, Suppression of the Menses, Excessive
 Menstruation, Whites, all Nervous Diseases, Cold
 Feet and i I ands, St. Anthony’* Dance, 'fetters of
 all kinds, Salt Rheum, iu its wotst forms, Neural
 j gia, Tie Douloureux, Rheumatism, Oonsumptiod iu
 its fiist stages, General Weakness and Debility,
 i The proprietor has given hi* whole attention to
 the above diseases for the last ien years, and has
 treated them in an entirely different way from any
 I oilier private practice or public Institution in this
 J country; and such has been his success, and so cer
 tain are his remedies in their effects on those dis
 j eases, that instead of publishing a long list of cer
 -1 tified cures, he wishes to give that das* of invalids
 seekjng to obtain their health a snfficient guarantee
 ajain-t any false pretensions, exaggeration, impo
 sition or deception, so that no one seed lie to any
 expense in this Institution without being benefited.
 The proprietor will enter into a sfiecial contract
 j with any one who wishes to do so, that tie will ad
 i nut into the Institution, to advance the money ami
 I pav nU the expenses from any part of the United
 States here and back liome again, before be com
 mences the treatment, and give a bond to board them,
 together with hie professional service*, for nothing,
 if he does not help them according to contract. Any
 one thinking the above proposition not a sufficient
 guarantee against misrepiesenutioas and expense
 without receiving equal benefit, can let the proprie
 tor know what will be satisfactory, and it shall be
 duly cot aidered.
 This Institntioa has grown op from private prac
 tice by the influence of those who have hem helped
 here, as nothing has ever been published before;
 and the proprietor means that it shall sustain itaeL
 by its own merits, or pay tlie expense of those who
 choose to make a coot act in case of failure. The
 design of this Circular is not to make known the
 cures that hare been made in this institution, because
 they must soon be believed; but to let it be more
 extensively known to the poor suffering invalid.
 that have spent hundreds of dollars in trying ail
 other systems of practice, and without much or any
 benefit, and mil) remain confined to their beds from
 five to twenty years, that there is an Institution
 whose treatment is different from any other one the
 United States, and is porticnhtrly adapted to their
 sit action, and can have it cost them nothing unless
 they are materially benefited.
 From the nature of treatment in ibis Institution,
 the muober of patients must he li ashed, therefore the
 proprietor dees net solicit the patronage of slight and
 ordinary rases which may he easily helped try other
 systems of practice; nor does he warn any one to
 come, anfess they wish to get well, and are willing
 lo he made well enough to walk from five to twenty
 miles at n time, and fellow it up day after day in
 anccessma; and also willing mbe made able to'en
 dure ns much labor and tatigwe as most of people
 that call themselves well, as he meaus that every
 one that goes through a thorough coarse of treatment
 in the Analytic Institution shall show by their in
 rressnd strength, elasticity of motion, firmness of,
 texture, capability «f endurance, and improved
 health, that the treatment in this institution is found
 ed on the natural laws of organized sutler, and
 consequently its superiority over every other dti-
 form* system of practice.
 AH turn—inti bus addressed to Dr. THOMAS
 HAMILTON', Rochester, peat paid, wi# receive j
 he made to those whs hav« bens helpedi in this Irnti-.
 ITtW proprietor to mm thu aiwre j
 fcjMs t

■sw Waick tat ttwttij Ssr*.
 T'»HN KCIIZIE havwg rh.sgert hi* pw««nh&lt;f&gt;
 w rob!***, has tvwwvrd hi* Shaft twa *w»
 •North to Mo. 11, Stair Secret, where hr pripared
 mreerfelV g» rrimynio in the safe of aa satire arw
 Starik of Gwal*. r(insuring of GoM and Sifter
 Earibh, Anchor, Hor»nr*u»! and V«timl Watches, I
 «oW Guard and Fob Chains, Gold Seal* and Km.
 GoW aod Silver Pencils, Spectacle* mmd Thuabfe*.
 Gobi Bracelet*, and Fumer-Ring*—"
 Mid assortment, cheap; a racietr of lodar*' ami
 GesWfeanen*# Bthm-Bm. arw style; (WO and
 •rafh- I (ant inf raid wad (dated Locket*. GoM I'rw,
 heat tpad'tj Sihrec aad Shri Coasbs aad (W, i
 Fine Catlery, hr. kt.
 The abore aod a variety of other drwnhfe Goods
 male kept ia oar basineas, are ufcred oo mare ad
 vantageous terai* than usual; and it if poniraferly
 dewed Am the good* should be examined, and
 prices ascertained, before porchasiag eleewbere ia
 this market.
 We manafacture aad keep oa bond a good assort
 aewt of Silver Spoons, warraoted aa pare a* Ame
 rkan com.
 Will also keep an assortment of Accwrdeon* aad
 other Musical lamurarat*. which will ha sold very
 low.
 We intend to keep a good usrtmnt of the best
 Brass Eight-day, 30 hour, and alarum Clocks, as can
 be found to this city.—Call aad see them.
 WATCH REPAIRING, taithfalhrdone and war
 ranted by an experienced workman.
 Farther particular* at No. 11 State Street.
 J. KEDZIE k Co.
 P. S.— To the Farmer* ia particular we would
 give notice, Unit we hare a variety of Barometers
 which will give that knowledge of tfie change* of the
 weather, so as to be able to adopt hi* business to its
 variations. Please call and examine them, as ever*
 man ooght to ha*e one.
 Sep. 15,1848- no.
DR. A. CLARK,
 DENTAL SURGEON.
 I would respectfully inform the citizens of Rochester
 aod Mirroundiug country, that I have removed my
 office Imm No. 89 Smith's Arcade to my dwelling
 bouse No. 92 Monroe Street.
 1 liaukfnl for past favors in the line of my profes
 sion, and flattering myself that 1 can give perfect
 satisfaction to all who may favor rue with their pa
 tronage. I would invite all those who are de
 sirous oflraving operations performed on the teeth or
 of haring teeth inserted to call on me and satisfV
 themselves.
 A. CLARK.
 N. B. All operations performed by me on the
 teeth and Plate Work warranter!.
 Rochester, Oct. 13,1848. tf\
Grand Celebration.—Freedom's
 Annual Jubilee.
 THE Anniversary of West India Emancipation,
 will be celebrated at the city of Bufiiilo, on the
 First day of Augnst next. Grand and extensive
 preparations are being made to make it one of the
 most brilliant affairs upon rreonl. A general in
 vitation is given to all Freedom’s Friends through
 out the State and elsewhere.
 Come one! come all!
 GEORGE WEIR. Jr.,
 Sec’y of Committee of Arrangements.
WAIT J. LFWIS, Land Su veyor, Keene, Essex
 County, N. Y. Owners of Land in the C-nun
 ties of E*sex, Franklin, or Hamilton, can have their
 Lands Surveyed on reasonable terms.
TRUNKS! TRUNKS!
 THE first quality of article is to be had at LAIN’G
 BON NELL’S new Establishment, No. 59,
 State Street, Rocltcster. Also a general assort
 ment of Valises, Travelling Bags, &amp;c., which are
 offered at the very lowest prices for Cash.
 Carriage Trimming executed in the latest style
 and with dirpatch, by J. T. Laing, at hi* old stand
 in State Street, opposite the Mansion House.
 J. T. L. having had extensive experience in the
 Eastern markets, hopes to give satisfaction to a
 generous public who shall favor him with their pa
 tronage.
 Rochester, July 14,1848. 3m
AUBURN and ROCHESTER
 RAIL-ROAD.
 CHANGE IN TIME.—The trains will commence
 to leave Rochester to-day at die following time
 Eastward—at 12$ m., 11 a. m., and 74 p. m.
 Westward—at 2$ a. m., 4$ a. m., and 4£ p. m.
 Rochester, December 5, 1848.
 The 014 (nrosity Shop,
 -At No 48 Exchange Street Rocl
 LLCA D SCOTT, grateful for the patronage
 awarded him, would respectfully inform his
 friends and the public generally, that lie has recently
 enlarged his establishment and augmented his stock
 of Men’s, Women’s, and Children’s. New and
 Second hand apparc. I t i) lition to this depart
 ment lie will buy' and sell House and Store Furni
 ture, Books, Jewelry Fancy articles, Mechanical
 auil agricultural implements, and indeed all those
 various odds and ends” of which may not be
 readily obtained at other places. It is his intention
 to, keep The Old Curosily Shop” well furnished
 w ith an endless variety of article* for which he will
 pay liberally and dispose of at satisfactory prices.
 Clothing repaired and renovated with neatness
 and despatch.
 Dont foiget Tlie Old C'urosity Shop.
 Rochester March 1849.
Ilair-lutting and Dressing at
 RALPH FRANCIS’S Saloon, under the Eagle
 Buffalo-street ju! 14—3 m
 CHARLES JONI S, North Star House, No. 26,
 North Street, between Fifth and Sixth, and
 Market and Arch streets, Philadelphia.
 Stranger* visiting the city will find the North
 Star House the most central, convenient and com
 fortable House in Philadelphia.
 Philadelphia. Dec. 1. 1848 3m4y
‘*Every Han his own Physician.”
 THE HOME DOCTOR.
 JUST PUBLISHED, a new and valnalde book
 for every family in the country, and one that may
 be consulted with perfect safety. A* its title page
 indicate*, it is “THE HOME DOCTOR, or Family
 Manual, giving the causes, symptoms and treatment
 of Diseases; with an account of the system while in
 health, and rules for preserving that state. Appen
 ded to which are recipes for making various medi
 cine.* and articles for diet for the sick room. The
 whole written for genera! use and daily practice, by-
 John B. Newman. M. I&gt;.”
 Also, accompanving this hook, or ieepamte, is
 “THE HERB BOOK, a book dev. ted exclusively
 to Herb*, giving their names, variet.es,description,
 medical properties and dose., use, time of gathering,
 and many other directions very useful for every fam
 ily to know, and written expressly for family u*e.”
 I The Herb Book is devoted solely to Popular Med
 i ad Botany, and will furnish on that point all ihe
 desired information wanted for general u*e.”
 The two book* are pul up and bound together and
 contain 200 pages, price 2j cents, or .oil separate
 at 121 cent..
 The symptoms of each disease are carefully given,
 -o t.iat one may he recognised from anotlser, to pre
 vent practising in the dirk; also the treatment, a
 sketch of general physiology, and rules for keeping
 in health, togetlier with observations on tiieir causes,
 uieniM of avoiding deleterious influences, and such
 I other remark* as are deemed appropriate, Cor both
 male and female.
 J The b-adt has been written with great care, in a
 Iplaur, simple, common-sense style easily to be un
 derstood every person, and lo a practical physi
 cian and S thorough botanist. We can reeo mnend
 it with entire confidence, aa being a work s merior
 to all respect* to any other book of die kind ever
 publtslied at the price.
 Families in the country, and especially those liv
 i mg *n ne» countries and uuheakby climates, sVmld
 not fail to procure a copy and h-tte it at all tint at
 band, in case of sickness as they might ihereb, by
 ime simple remedy nave an expemive and protra
 ted doctors foil. Whether wsll or sick, such hook
 d sou Id I* in every house as a safo and sure adviser
 in time of need, the direction given for person* in
 he*kb caoaot he too strictly attended to liy all.
 The price at whidi the book is add is so low that
 every bmih may have a copy, and none should I*
 without it.
 Tkr book is put op in Taper btoding, aad can
 easily lc scut by nuil. Postage only 64 rent* to any
 part of the United Mutes.
 NJ* Any person sending ns one dollar b* wail, and
 F*jm pustage on the letter, sisalf have (am
 Ojpses sent has free of pottage.
 .Send in your orders*, there is no risk in sending
 money by mail, it come* to us daily, and file hooks
 always reach their destiuotion.
 Four bundles am ckd&gt; together and send a
 fcw »»Jis sent to one address.
 ANTED— Agents in most «f the Stales to sell
 thi* work, almost every family win purchase it if
 carried to ibrir tbors. A «29
 to 656 witt be necessary for each agent. Adtheus,
 netpmed, GEO. W. FlßriEß,
 1,1&amp;49. Fvrhongo st. Rnrfmsttr. N. V.
 NEW ENGLAND SECOND HAND
 CLOTHING STORE,
 JNn. 56, Usioa Athkct, Bostos.
 OHN WRIGHT keeps souseastK nu kmd
 grant variety uf Now and Bueoml Hand Clsihuai j
 Goods of all kinds, such as old cfothe*. W. l.|t*di. j
 Watches, Boot* and Shoes. Nr., e imo§odkt nan
 dothrif. jan a&gt; hinds
home FOR rk forms Rft.
 THE —bserawr Bsmswl dmi mm
 1 neat, aad remralboardfeg bswst. No. 2| J&amp;
 Cowl, where he wiß be bmm happy to mlmessw
 of the Friend* of Reform, at rvan sills rhargr
 He wishes his ho ere to he the central price m lh*
 tea, where the friend* ofTemprrure, Feme, Fhri'y
 Freedom, die Prisoner, Ar.mnv mmi tnfrther. v
 rmpn a comfortable wmd qmtH heme.
 Crvtnl Cwet opens at M Wsshmgtnw serve*
 JOHN M. SPF.AF
 Bomos, Aag, M, 1949-
 THOMAS P- SMmi. No, as. Bmttie Sweet.
 1 tin of the Golden Belt. New sad Ser*»*t
 bus) (kitliiig Store.
Tb« NissitkiMtbOiirtfrtjleTkffi
 pOMMOH ED the Wit of December. IWL
 to be continued ow the l*t of March. Jane, sow
 and Btpirabtt. It will he devoted to the
 of no party or rlaa*. bm its rowrirtorv will ewf# 9
 vor to present aa open and for field for the eat.* r
 Md disciMshwi of matters pertaining to Philo-snub*
 Politics, Literature, Religion, aad nianaaity.
 The Review a ill be comforted by R. VV. Fan
 son, Theodore Parker, and J. Ellint Cabot, nextst* 1
 by several other gentlemen.
 Each number «ill coataia about 125 pages, at u&gt;*
 price of S 3 a year, in advance.
 Communications, subscriptions, Ac tboald ».o
 ■ddreased to tbc Publishers,
 COOLIDGE k WILEY.
 12, Water Street, Boston
ROBERT MORRIS, J*., Attorney aad Cosu
 sellar at Law, Brmaer’s Building,State Street
 Boston.
JOHN D. REVALEON, Hair Cutting Saloon,
 and Perfumery Emporium, 114, Blackstoae-s
If EH' FORK ADFERfISEMEim.
JUST PCBLISUED. ud for uk ml d* oOn
 of the Anti Slavery Standard
 The Legion of Liberty, aad Force of Truth, lOlh
 edition.
 This work contain* alms 280 pages of dose
 reading; 300 eminent authorities, aad about sixty
 illustrative engravings. Price 37J cts. iu muslin,
 and 25 cent* in paper covers, A vety liberal dis
 count to tlwse who purchase a number of copies.
 The Condition, Influence, Rights, aad Appeal of
 Women, from various authors. 111 cent*.
 Letter to the People of the United States, touching
 the Matter of Slavery. By Theodore Parker.—
 pp. 120. Price 184 cents.
 Wm. W. Brown's Lecture before the Female A S.
 Society of Salem, Mass. Reported by H. M.
 Parkhurst, Boston.—pp. 22. Price 5 coots.
WILLIAM S. POWELL, Saifor’s Home, 61.
 Cherry Street.
 DR. J. M’CU.NF. SMITH, 93, West Broad.
 wav.
TJINNINGS. Surgeon-Dentist, 186, North
 Broadwav.
JOSEPH C. HOLLY, Boot and Shoe Maker,
 No. 97, Cranbery Street, Brooklyn-
 N.B. K -pairing neatly execute*! at the shortest
 notice and on the most reasonable terms.
PHILIP A. WHITE, Druggist, comer of Frank
 fort and Gold Street.
 GENTEEL BOARDING HOUSE.
 CHARLES HIGHGATE, would respectfully in
 form his friends and the public, tliat he conl'inues
 to devote every attention to those pleased to favor
 bis home” with a call. The house is pleasantly
 located at 632 Broudwav, Albany.
 Feb. 18, 1818.
WILLIAM RICH, Hair Dressing and Bathing
 Saloon, Troy House, Troy, New York.
 NEW PUBLICATIONS.
 WILL BE READY IN A FEW DAYS,
 Walker's Appeal, with a brief sketchoi
 his life by Henry Highland Unmet.
 Also, Gakskt’s Addrw v&gt; the Slave* of the Vn%\
 ted Statet. This address was reycsled liv the Na
 tional Convention at Buffalo in 1843. The edition
 is small, and those who desire copies will do well to
 send in their orders early.
 JUST PUBLISHED, a lecture entitled Thi
 Past ash I’ri.sest Condition or the Color
 ED Race, by Henry Highland Garnet
 Published at Troy, N. Y. Order* attended to.
 *pril 28,8 m.
General Intelligence Office.
 GEO. W. GOINES having opened an Establish*
 ment at tlie Philadelphia Institute,
 Lomlxird Street, above Seventh, for the purpose of
 procuring honest ami faithful domestic* for those
 who may require them, and obtaining place* for
 such as are qualified and in want thereof, beg* leave
 to refer to the following named gentlemen, who have
 kindly permitted the use of their names as
 REFERENCES:
 Anore w M’Makin Editor of U»e American Courier
 Robert Morris, Editor of the Inquirer
 Jasper Harding, Publisher of the Inquirer
 Charles J. Peterson, Editor of Neal’* Gazette
 Tlk»s. B. Florence, Editor of Times and Keystone
 Robert Howell, 88, Chesnut Street
 llilliam J. Mullen, 278, Catherine Street.
 Philadelphia, Sept. 1, 1848. ly— 9s,
DR. D. J. PECK, Physician and Surgeon, Phi
 ladelphia Institute, Lombard Street, above
 Seventh. l y 36
FREE PRODUCE STORE.
 NEW GOODS just revived. General reduction
 in prices.
 Fiue 4-4 Print*, various styles.
 New styles of Prints of medium quality, usual width.
 Fine and wide Paper Muslin*. Also Colored
 Cambrics.
 Curtain Calico. .Superior fine Chintz Umbrellas
 Oil Cloths.
 Satinets, good and cheap. Also on hand, mostly
 reduced prices. Ginghams, various qualities and
 styles.
 Fine and heavy Shirting, Sheetings, and Pillow
 Muslins.
 Striped Cambric*. Fine 6-4 Plan! Muslin.
 Muslin de Laine, plain and neatly figured, all wool.
 Linens, warranted free from cotton.
 Flannels 4-4 good and price low. Canton flannels
 white and colored.
 Table Diaper and Cloths, of different styles.
 Apron and t umiture Check. Cotton Handkerchief*.
 Cotton f willed Pantaloon Stuffs. Also Linen
 Drilling. Itc.
 Long aud half Hose, fine and heavy.
 Knitting Cotton, various No*., bleached, brown, and
 colored.
 Wadding, white ami colored Cotton Lap*. Also,
 Refined Loaf, Crushed, ami Pulverised .Sugar.
 Brow n Bugar, good quality, of various grad*
 The whole otock exclusively Free Labor Goods,
 to which the Huhsrriber would invite the attention
 of cowmry merrhant*, a* well as his L-nuts aad the
 public generally.
 Much pain* is taken by the Manager* of (he Free
 Produce Association, to assist the HuLecnber to eo
 largc the a-sorunent from time to (isoe.
 GEORGE TAYLOR.
 Northwest corner Fifth and Cherry *t*
 Philadelphia 2d mo. Ist, 1848. if
Free Labor
 V LI ACTURED by th* A merit ill Free Pro
 ill dure Asjoejation, and for sale at No. 31, North
 I dih-strert, Philadelphia:
 Manchester Gmghoms; Cheeks, Apron and Fur
 niture; Canton Flannel, unbleached- Muslin
 bleached ami -Mcnehed, of
 wnhn; thw Muslm fi&gt;r liamgs, browntS cofovod
 Bwd Ev* Towels; bfodt and while Wadding.
 Uottoo Laps Lnanp Wick; Bed Ticking, a*
 Calico, Btodtingp, Knitting Cotton,
 Orders for Goods, or fetters desiring infirm* lion,
 «y be addmeeed to J. Miller MelCim,3l, North
 r ifih-street; Daniel L. Miller, Tenth street; or to
 Mo !fo Aa *y
 A I*l* aad haadsnme assortment of Priot* now
 oahaad. jmJ—tY
Aml-sliTfrj Ofllce,
 No. 31, North Fifth Street, PUaAtptoa.
 A FULL aasurtmeiil of ran-diray pakhranoae
 is kept constantly ou hand- Abo hsadsmno
 1 variety of misreNaneou* ftddnmtrntm, turn uasdt
 end Fane* fiuimmy-
 All fetters refertsc to l*e
 to bn directed to J- MtMm MeKim, 61, North
 i FiAh-street. ybdoMpkm- fd—&lt;(
 1 THE DELAWARE ABOLITION DIT.
 Woew&lt;j itm, and wv*
 h, pahLsfiod tm half u IMy-fi h-
 per year, sr fo*twaty foar.i mh, hi**-
 drroted to samacgmtfea m Dvfewara, aafl wih sd
 faffed. ao ths moans caa b* sbtaread
 JAMIR B. BBOQKt
