IJotttQ.
 THE SWEEIS OF LIBERTY.
 I, ,hw a ra that nevar
 T«&gt; the prisoner fr***
 there a man that itaw pri«il
 Tbc twetti of libarty 1
 TUeo let hi"*, let hits breathe anaren.
 Or in a dungeon l
 Nor ever, ever know the aweet"
 That lihertj can five.
 Is there a heart so cohl in man
 Can galling letters crave*
 1- there a wretch so truly k»*
 (Tan stoop hi* slave!
 Oh, let him then in chain* We hm»l.
 In chain* awl bondage liv*.
 Knr ever ever know the sweet*
 Tlut liberty can give.
 Is there a breast so chilled in life.
 Can nurse the coward’s sight
 Is there a creature so debased,
 Would not &lt;W freedom die!
 Ob! let him then be doomed to crawl
 Where only reptiles li*e,
 Nor ever, ever know the anreeta
 That liberty can give.
 From the National I^*
 OUR HOMESTEAD,
 at mss thebe caret.
 Our oi l brown homestead reared it* wall,
 From the wayside dust aloof,
 Where the apple boughs could almost cast
 Their fruitage on the roof:
 And the cherry tree »o near it grew.
 That when awake I’re lain,
 In the lonesome nights, Fve beard the li.nU,
 A* they creaked against the [Vine,
 tod those orchard trees. Oh, those orchard tree*.
 I have seen my lutle lathers rocked
 In their top* by die summer brecie.
 Tlic sweet dir iar under Uie window-sill,
 Which the early birds make glad,
 Ami tlw* damask rose by the garden fence.
 Were all tue (lower* we had.
 I’ve looked at many a flower since then,
 Exotics rich and rare,
 That to oilier eyes were lovelier.
 But not to me so fair;
 For those roses bright—O, those roses bright’
 I have twi ted them with my sister’s lock*.
 Tliai are bid in the dust from bight!
 We bad a well, a deep old well,
 Where the spring was never dry.
 And the cool drops down from the mousy stones.
 Were falling constantly:
 Ami tin:re never was water hall so sweet
 As tint in my little cup.
 Drawn up to the curb by tin- rwle old sweep,
 Which ray father’s hand set up:
 And that deep old well—O, that deep old well!
 I remember yet the plashing sound
 Of the bucket a* it fell*
 Our homestead had an ample hearth,
 Where at night we loved to meet;
 There my mother’s voice was always kind.
 And her smile was always sweet;
 And there I’ve sat on my father’s knee,
 And watched his thoughtful brow,
 With sny childish hand in his raven hair—
 That hair is silver now
 But that broad hearth’s light—O, that broad hearth’.-
 light!
 And mv father’s look, and my mother’s smile.
 They arc in my liewrt to-night.
 A HYMN FOR THE I’EOri.E
 BV C ARI.OS P. STI'AKT.
 Up, brothers up! the light begins
 Along the eastern sky.
 To promise that the night is past.
 And 1 letter ilays are nigh:
 A clarion voice rings o er the bib-,
 The valleys catch the sound.
 And Freedom is the stirring cry
 That tills the world around.
 It pierces through the lading gloom.
 lu strength the peasant tills.
 And old Oppression from its ilirone,
 With shame and terror reels:
 All men lift cp their hearts and hand-,
 More fearless and more free,
 An I loud rings out the common shout,
 No more we’ll bend the knee.”
 From smithy forge, from fisher’s cot.
 From ploughs that break the lea.
 From iron 1&lt; urns, from smoking mines,
 From ships that cleave the sea—
 One voice uuitc-s, one mighty voice
 Sweeps on and ever on;
 The tyrant’s day, the vassal’* work,
 Are gone, forever gone'
 l’p, brothers, op! and share die light;
 Rejoice! ihe day has come,
 When Freedom decks the lowest sliriue.
 And guards the poorest home.
 Rejoice, and pledge with strengthening ties
 The new-born In-art and mind.
 To keep the boon, ami pass it on
 To all of liuman kind
 Rejoice, that ve havi- broke at length
 The thong and lieavy chain,
 Which neither lime nor human strength
 Can bind ye w ith again.
 Rejoice, and swear ye will not bend.
 Nor give the guerdon hack,
 Though glistening fteel dispute the wav.
 And flame is on your track!
 iTHE FRIENDLY DEFIANCE.
 BV CHAV. SACK AT.
 Thou shall not rob me, thievish Time!
 Of all my blessings ali my joy
 1 have some jewels in my heart,
 Which tliou art powerless to destroy.
 Thou inay’st denude inv arm of strength.
 And leave mv temples seamed and Istre.
 Deprive mine eves of passion’s light.
 And scatter silver o’er mv hair:
 Hut never, while Imok remains,
 And lm*aihr* a woman or a child,
 Sha'-t thou depiive me wiiil.-t I live.
 Of feeling* fresh and undefilcd.
 No, never, while die earth i* fair.
 And Reason keeps it* dial liright,
 Whate’er thy robberies, oh Time,
 Stull I l»e bankrupt of delight.
 Whate’er thy victories chi my fame,
 Tho« can*t not cheat me of this tiuth—
 That though thr limb* may faint and fait,
 Tlie spirit can renew it* youth.
 So thievish Time, I fear thee not;
 Tbon’rt powerless ou this heait uf mine;
 Mv jewel* at ill belong to m&lt;*.
 T„ but the aettiogy that are du x-.
 LKiIITS AND SHADOWS.
 The gluomir* day hath gleam- of light.
 The darkest wave hath light from near it
 And twinkles through the rloudlrs* n»gU
 Some soluajv star to cheer it-
 The gl enniuM soul is not all gloom,
 Tlw saddest heart is not all sadness.
 And sweetly o’er the darkest doom
 Theie shines tuna linger ing beam of g adne
 Ilespair is never quite despair
 Nor life nor death ihe future closes;
 And round die shadowy brow of car*
 Wilt Hop* and Fancy twine then roses-
Selection 0.
From the Hartford RfpatWir.u).
 BAGGED SCHOOLS IN LONDON,
 »t D. W. BART LETT.
 I went one evening to aec 'King
 Kdward Street Ragged Scho«»l, the
 largest one of this description m all
 London, and in its composition, tht
 wont. Before describing it, I will al
 lude to the origin of the Ragged School
 system of education. There has al
 ways been in London a vast population
 of ignorant, jmverty-stricken children,
 some legitijnate, others illegitimate,
 who earn their food by sweeping the cros
 sings, running on errands, selling
 matches and water-cress, and bv beg
 ging and stealing. This host of chi Id rer
 have been heretofore left to gain theii
 education in the street, and consequent
 ly they in due time helped to till tojaili
 and furnish work for the hangman It
 was perfectly natural—these pool
 wretches w ere not particularly to blame
 for their conduct, for it was in exact
 accordance w ith their education.—So
 ciety made them villains, and then to
 crown the Sin, punished them for it.
 They never heard of the Bible, or ol
 Right. They simply knew that they
 suffered, and any act to relieve that
 suffering was, in their eyes, holy.—lt
 by stealing they could supply them
 selves with bread—why not take it?
 The rich took from them —w hy not re
 taliate? Philanthropists began to study
 their condition, and come to the con
 clusion that society was more to blame
 in the matter than the poor wretches
 themselves, and steps were taken at
 once for their benefit. John Powels,
 the poor shoemaker, has the honor of
 f being the inventor of the Ragged
 Schools, as Robert Raikcs was of Sun
 day Schools. This poor shoemaker
 would gather about him, while at his
 work, tlm outcasts of the streets, and
 teach them to read from the Bible and
 good hooks. The poor man, in this
 way, gave hundreds, for nothing, the
 1 art of reading and writing, besides ed
 -1 ucating their morals, liis idea was
 caught up at once by the philanthro
 pists, and the humble shoemaker ever
 since takes his jdace beside Howard,
 and even Wilberforce, as a philanthro
 pist. Indeed, in his case, there was
 i more personal sacrifice than in either
 of the cases I have mentioned, for he
 had a large family and could ill support
 them, ami his duties as teacher neces
 sarily detracted from his slight income
 bv consuming a portion of his precious
 time. In a short time, almost every
 degraded locality had its Ragged
 i School, and also many of the provincial
 cities, and in some, day-schools are
 held with hired teachers, and all the
 I scholars receive one or two meals a
 'day. In the majority of the schools,
 I however, there is but one daily session,
 and that is in the evening, and the
 teachers all voluntary. Among them
 are some of the finest (finest in its true
 sense) ladies and gentlemen in London,
 and the supervisor told me that he had
 many times escorted Charles Dickens
 i over the schools, as he is their true
 friend and supporter. A Union i&lt;
 j formed, :»t the head of which stand*
 Lord Ashley. It is s Ji*
 first men of the laud, and grants sup
 plies to all the needy schools,
 j One evening. I visited with the su
 pervisor. King Kdward Street School,
 j The quarter was near Spitalfields, a
 most disgusting and dangerous portion
 of the metropolis. .After walking foi
 1 some time amid the most noxious
 j stenches and narrow streets and slime,
 we came to a low building, in which
 the school was held. As wc approach
 ed the door, J sa,w that a large nutubei
 i of hoys and gills were gathered abonl
 it, shouting at the top of their voices,
 “Let us in!—Please lot us in!—Do lei
 i us in—wc will be good!"
 “What!” said 1 to my friend, “have
 i you u-»t room for all?”
 1 “No,” he replied, “every night we
 turn scores away for want of room,
 and a sufficient number ol teachers—
 we shall never get in at this door—
 j there is a private one which we can
 get in at if they have not scented us.”
 1 But they had scented u= —they knew
 i him and followed on our heels.
 1 “We will pass on as though we had
 no intention of visiting the school,”
 i whispered my friend, and away we
 went, and the boys ran back to the
 front door. As soon as they were out
 of sight, we turned and stealthily ap
 proached a private entrance, gave n
 low knock —it was opened, but just us
 we had got in, a pack of hoys caine
 rushing against the door. “Help!—
 help!” shouted my frind, and a half
 I dozen sturdy teachers came to our re
 lief—the door was closed and barricad
 j ed and we walked about to look at the
 school.
 Tiiere were thri e hundred scholars pre-
 I sent! —The teachers were of both sexes,
 j and were about twenty in number. The
 room was not plastered—it was foriner
 j ly a barn—but the strong gas-lights lit
 up every nook and corner. The am
 i was clo-.e and unhealthy, notwithstand
 mg the upper windows were some of
 i them open, but the sight that the
 children presented, 1 think I shall never
 i forget.—lmagine three hundred rag
 j ged, dirty, filthy, noisy children with
 great staring eyes, brassy faces and
 impudent airs, and then realize the self
 sacrifice of those finely-formed young
 men, and sweet-looking young women
 who moved about among them as teach
 ers. 1 felt horrified at first, and as l
 stood leaning against a post, close at
 inv side was one of the sainlliest most
 delicate ladies 1 ever saw, teaching a
 i dozen of the filthiest boys in London!
 I forgot myself, and drew up my face
 with horror as l gazed. 1 saw a sweet
 I smile play over her face, as I said,
 “Pardon me —I atn u stranger to
 wretchedness like this, and it astonished
 j me to sc** o ie like ycu in the midst of
 I it.” A slight color ran to her face os
 i she answered inildlv, vet half-reproach
 fully— r
 “C irist blessed even such as these!”
 i I never shall forget that answer, for
 1 it wa« utterly devoid of cant in manner
 j or tone, and I walked on with rny feel
 ings of disgust overcome by those of
 pity. Some were writing, some reading
 and many, the majority, learning their
 letters. They were of all ages, from
 eight to twenty, and of both sexes.
 Just after I came in, a couple of rough
 looking fellows, about sixteen years.
old, differed about the nttmunaiarian of
 a word in the Taatamaui.
 “It is n’t 10,” ntf oo«.
 .“Ilia,’* replied the other.
 “You lie,” said the first. I
 A blow came from the first to the
 second. I ran to the spot and found
 them with their cufis turned over In the
 true Congressional mode. As I came
 up, they began to look sheepish,
 and finally one said to the other, (the
 one who had struck the first and only
 blow.)
 “I say, Tom, we was only in fun
 was we?”
 “No, that we was n’t!’* replied the
 other, and they immediately returned
 to their Testament. I have thought of
 the ludicrous affair many times since,
 aud have concluded that it is not the I
 only species of encounter that often
 takes place over the Bible by rabid
 men, which in reality involves no ques
 tion of importance.
 I could hear the poor wretches at
 the front door shout, “Let us in!—let
 us in!*’continually, but now suddenly
 with a great crash the big door came
 plunging in, and headlong after it some)
 twenty or thirty boys. “Putthem out!
 —put them out!’’ shouted the superin
 tendent, but we could not do it. The
 “great unwasben” were masters of the
 field, and we begged for quarters.
 “Now,” said a lusty fellow who was!
 their ringleader, now’ for some readin’ j
 and spellin’?” But just then a police-!
 man whom we had sent for, came in, 1
 with his leathern cape dripping with'
 wet, and at the sight of his baton the
 insurgent boys took to their heels and
 were soon away, but now without cry
 -1 ing eloquently, “Do let us read—do J
 let us stay, master—we will keep very j
 still—won’t we Bill?” This last ap
 peal was made by all to their leader,
 who seemed to keep charge of theirj
 i conduct. “We won’t make any noise”
 j—itself was eloquent, but the—“will
 we Bill” was irresistible! After they 1
 were gone, and as I heard their voices
 failing, begging yet that they might
 “come in,” I fell to thinking on their
 hard lot. Bremis has somewhere paint
 ed a full-grown, brawny armed man,
 lusty with life, begging, not for bread,
 but for work, and unable to gft it.
 1 The world was admitted the picture to
 i be true in many parts of Britain, and
 its pathos has been appreciated, and
 yet here was a scene, more sad, if it
 were possible. Here were children, j
 not knowing even of the existence of j
 Jesus; dark and wretched, and yet
 coming from their wretched abodes to
 where they see the faint beams of light
 and crying plaintively, “Give us light,
 ah! give us light!” And thus to be I
 turned away—thus to be thrust into j
 the paths of wickedness—was it not
 affecting? The teachers w T ere not to
 blame, tor the building could not hold
 more; but were not those lordly Chris
 tians, walking so statelily to their i
 Churches on Sunday, and on the week-
 day passing laws to hang these children I
 —were not they to blame Every day
 wasting money enough to clothe, and
 feed, and educate these wretches, and
 yet talking in the tone of virtuous in
 dignation of the wickedness of the
 world, ami canting about the fulness of
 redemption!
 Poor, poor children! lacking bread,
 lacking dry houses to sleep in, hungry
 as wolves, and yet, forgetting all, and
 coming to the school and begging—not
 t*&gt;r bread, though starving; but—for
 i light, knowledge and religion! Over
 i yonder, children roll in splendid car
 riages away—over yonder the children
 of the rich cast to the dogs enough to
 give them their greatest boon—and
 yet it is withheld from them, and rich
 j fathers make laws to imprison and hang
 them poor ones) for doing what every
 one would do in their circumstances!
 j “When will men learn,” said I,
 1 half-uloud, “when will men learn that
 ignorance is the father of sin, and that
 Society makes her criminals?”
 The school was out. and the teachers
 leathered about me to ask if we had
 j such scenes in America.
 “No, thank God, in New England
 where my home is, we have no such
 scenes,” I replied, and w’e parted,
 j .More about the Ragged Schools
 I hereafter.
[Fiuni Macautaj VHistory of England.]
 PROG R ESS OF SOCIETY-!)ECLINE
 OF DARIIAROUS PUNISHMENTS.
 “It is pleasing to reflect that the
 public mind of England has softened
 while it lias ripened; and that we have,
 in the course of ages, become not only
 a w iser but also a kinder people. There
 is scarcely a page of the history of
 the lighter literature of the 17th centu
 ry, which does not contain some proof
 that our ancestors were less humane
 than their posterity.— The discipline
 of workshops, of schools, of private
 families, though not more efficient than
 at present, was infinitely harsher.
 Masters, well born and bred, were in
 the habit of heating their servants.—
 Pedagogues knew no way of imparting
 knowledge hut by beating their pupils.
 Husbands, of decent stations, were not
 ashamed to heat their w ives. The im
 placability of hostile factions was such
 as we can hardly concieve. Whigs
 were disposed to murmer, because
 Stafford was suffered to die without
 seeing his bowels burned before his
 face. As little mercy was shown by
 the populace to sufferers of an bumbler
 rank. 11 an offender was put into the
 pillorv.it was well if he escaped with
 life from the shower of brick bats and
 paving stones. If he was tied to the
 cart’s tail, the crowed pressed around
 him imploriug the hangman to give it
 to the fellow well, and make him howl.
 Gentlemen arranged pasties of pleasure
 to Bridewell ou court days, for the
 purpose of seeing the women who beat
 hemp there, whipped. A man pressed
 to death for refusing to plead, a wo
 man burned for coining, excited less
 sympathy than is now felt for a gallant
 horse or an over driven ox. Fights,
 compared with which a boxing match is
 a refined and humane spectacle, were
 among the favorite diversions of a large
 part ot the town. Multitudes assem
 bled to sec gladiators hack each other
 to pieces with their deadly weapons,
 and shouted when one of the combat
 ants lost a finger or an eye. The
 prisons were helU on earth, seminaries
 of every crime aod every disease. At
 the assizes, the lean and yellow culprits
 brought with them from their cells to
 the dock an atmosphere of stench and
pestilence, whick sometime* avenged
 tkem signally on bench, bar and jury.
 Bat on this misery society looked with
 profound indifference. No where couldj
 be found that sensitive and restless com
 passion which has, in our time, exten
 ded a powerful protection to the factory
 child, to the Hindoo widow, to the ne
 gro slave, which pries ioto the stores
 and water casks of every emigrant
 ship, which winces at every lash laid
 on fbe back of a drunken soldier, which
 veill not suffer the thief in the hulks to
 be ill*fed or over-worked, and which
 has repeatedly endeavored to save the
 life even of the murderer.
 It is true that compassion, like all
 other feelings, ought to be under the
 government of reason, and has, for the
 i want of such government, produced
 some ridiculous and some deplorable
 effects. But the more we study the
 annals of the past, the more shall we
 live in a merciful age, in an age in
 j which cruelty is abhorred, and in
 which pain, even when deserved, is
 inflicted reluctantly aod from a sense
 of duty. Every class, doubtless, has
 gained largely 6y this great moral
 change; but the class which has gained
 most is the poorest, the dependent, and
 the most defenceless.”
DIOGENES
 Was not so sneering as people
 thought. There was a fund of humor
 in the man. He laughed at mankind,
 bnt there was a little kindliness under
 neath; and they who say he was a
 surly, sneering dog, mistake the mao.
 He was an ascetic, hat not for ascetic
 ism’s sake; which was an evil many
 were apt to fall into. Asceticism, in
 fact, bred a vanity of its own. If beg
 gary became a prfo?ssion he who was
 raggedest and dirtiest became the prince
 ol beggars. One man took pride in
 the luxury of dress, and another in
 simplicity, and both bred their dangers.
 Men often made asceticism an end in
 itself. All through the lives of the as-
 cetics there is the tendency to exalt
 self-denial into an end; whereas it only
 appears beautiful when it is adopted to
 effect a great end, when a man shall j
 deny himself, to work something good
 for another. But the thing w hich is
 called selfdonying is not worth the
 name. Having no taste for a particu
 lar sin, we get up and boast to the
 world about what self-denial we have
 [exercised in not falling into that temp
 tation. This was not the asceticism I
 which the great Teacher gave us to
 follow; it was a voluntary laying down
 of enjoyment not wrong in itself, for,
 .the effecting of some greater good.
 But the greater number of men had no
 jidea of laying down the life to win it.
 There was a virtue which could not
 get tempted, and then boasted itself
 how securely it had stood. But this
 man’s was voluntary, and taken upon
 ‘him. He was not poor because he
 'could not have been rich, but because
 (he wished to carry out to the extreme
 the great doctrine of how independent
 a man was of what this world could
 give or bestow; to correct the continual
 tendency of mankind to be smothered
 jby the things by which it ie surroun
 ded. But the ascetic man was simply
 I the factor of a man; and the more asce
 itic, the more we saw that he wa3 inter
 preting one law’ of life only
 iThere came to see Diogenes, Alexan
 der the Great, one of those passionate,
 lustful, brave, daring men, who do the
 world’s work, and enter into all its
 pleasures. This man, who had taken
 of the whole that life could give, came
 to Diogenes with an air of patronage,
 full of the “stars” and “garters” of
 ancient glory, and asking what he could
 do for him. Alexander suggested that
 another dwelling than that tub might
 be more convenient for Diogenes; hut
 Diogenes loved that tub, which had
 i sheltered him for years. Besides it
 was not taxed, and was moveable at
 pleasure. Alexander says —Can I
 give you honor? No; only think of a
 star now upon my great naked, hairy
 breast! Well, lie offers him a garter;
 'but Diogenes suggests that there is
 'nothing to be gartered: aud at lust in
 (despair, Alexander says—Can I do
 nothing for you Ves, says the man,
 stand out of mv sunshine. He found
 that monarch* were opaque when the
 sun was behind them; that the cold
 shadow of an Alexander was not
 w anned by the abundance of riches he
 had at his bestowal. Then Alexander
 said if he was not Alexander he w ould
 be Di&lt;%enes. Next to having all he
 w’anted, was the ability to do without
 i anything. Of course, it could not he
 expected that he would say he was
 second to Diogenes, but he decidedly
 admitted that Diogenes was number
 two. He would not say which w’as the
 greater man of the two. But he cer
 tainly did not admire a man turning
 poor to become righteous. It was
 hard for a rich man to enter the king
 ‘dom of Heaven, hut it wm* noble to see
 him keeping to broad cloth, and even
 not quite abolishing champagne, and
 still keeping a brave soul, a well-disci
 plined intellect, a noble and upright
 ;herrt.— Ret. Geo. Daxcson.
Impatience of the Age. That
 eager desire to press toward, not go
 much to conquer obstacles as to elude
 them; that gambling with the solemn
 destines of life; that hastening from the
 wish conceived to the end accomplish
 ed; that thirst after quick returns to
 ingenious toil, and breathless sp’jinings
 along short-cuts to the goat, w hich we
 see everywhere around us, from the
 mechanic’s institute to the stock mark
 et—characterizing the books of our
 writers, the speeches of our states
 i men, no less than the dealings of our
 speculators, seem, I confess, to me, to
 I constitute a very diseased and very
 general symptom of the times. I hold,
 j that the greatest friend to man is labor;
 that knowledge, without toil, if possi
 ble, were worthless, that toil.in the
 pursuit of knowledge, is the best
 knowledge that we can attain; that
 continuous effort for fame is nobler than
 lame itself; that it is not wealth, sud
 denly acquired, which is deserving of
 i homage, but the virtues which a man
 i exercises in the slow pursuit of wealth
 —the abilities so called forth; the self
 denials so imposed; in a word, that
 Labor and Patience are the only true
 schoolmasters; and both of them are
 eery much abroad in the fashionable
 schoolmasters we bare installed at
 bo®,.
SUtonatenmnte.
ißHrUit nmn?
 TOE'S IS trot Wl**! cSkiraior red Wire Onm
 1 PW. TW Faming PMt are tarehytafi***!
 *Mm Laden Pules* bn beta taken cut by the Sdb
 •cribcr (or fos recent greet ionomrati tkt c»
 .tractionMadmaiirfn f t ai Field;
 an improvement to imt as to entirely icvuhnioeiia
 ,he *oo* aysirm at bmU., by reducing the ninae
 ban or worr. Wbeictw tlay katr bm mtro
 dared, they have act the decided approbation of
 1 rw T *t a* the following certificates from the inlel-
 Mfent and practical formers whose name* are
 t Inched, abundant It .bow:
 CERTIFICATES.
 This mar eertifV that we, dm Subscribers, hate
 seen and aaed the Patent Wheel Cultivator, invested
 hjr NtTH*!» Int, of Shelbv. Orleans Co., New
 j\«k, and believe it to be,'as a isbor-saving ma
 jCbuw, o* of the greatest improteaseaU of the age.
 By it. a fonner can put in from tea to fifteen acres
 j mor* l wheat in a year, with tbs same amount of
 team labor; hr can also sow it in awefcbetter order.
 !!t it also Canada thistles and other noxious weeds
 xiay (s' totally extirpated. Said machine is so coo
 ►tiucted that it can be retaliated to go any depth, by
 means of screws on the upper part of the machine,
 ami thus either plow up tiie groaad thoroughly, or
 only just brush the surface. Upoa the whole, we!
 think it decidedly the beet msefone ever invented for
 IHilTerising the ground and facilitating the labor of:
 the Farmer, ami as such we cbeerfcDy recommend it!
 t to our brother farmers.
 James H. Medley, James Ide
 Enos .Newman, John Stevens,
 John C. Wheeler, Hartas Hedley,
 Gardner Berrv, James P. Anderson,
 Shelby Co., April 13.1348.
 We, the undersigned, purchased oae of Nathan
 Ide's Patent Cultivators last Fall, and found it j
 answer the purpose so wrD, that we have this Spring'
 made purchase of another. We can with this Plow
 prepare with two horses, eight acres of land per day
 for wheat, and it is much better done than by the'
 old plows; ami the land pepared by this Cultivator
 w ilt yield 5 bush, per acre more.
 ELI CHURCH.
 Riga, June, 1848. DENNIS CHURCH.
 Alter these testimonials, the Subscriber deems it,
 unnecessary to enter into a long and elaborate des
 cription of the implement, with its various modes of!
 operation. To be fully appreciated, it must be seen
 and used. No farmer who fully understands his 1
 interest will be will tout one, as it is an invaluable l
 implement.
 NATHAN ID®, Patentee.
 j Slielby, Orleans Co., N. Y., July 1848.
 i I DE*S Patent Cultivator is manufactured by l
 LEVI WELLS, Buffalo Street, near the Bull's
 Head, Rochester, N. Y., where farmers are invited
 i coine anti examine for themselves.
ROCHESTER SHOE AND LEATHER
 JOBBING HOUSE.
 THE subscribers at No. 22 State street, take plea
 sure in announcing to die public that they have
 completed arrangements by w hich they are enabled
 ,to offer the most satisfactory inducements to all en
 gaged in tiie sale or manufacture of Boots and Shoes,
 to come to this market for a supply.
 They are also offering on the most favorable terms,
 a large stock of .Sole ami Upper Leatiier, Kip, Calf,
 aud Morocco Skins, with a full assortment of Find
 mg, including Lasts, Pegs, Sir. Dealers will find it
 greatly to their interest to examine our stock before
 1 purchasing elsewhere.
 jylO SAGE PANCOST.
PRINTING PAPER AGENCY.
 WE are Agents for the Buffalo Paper Mills,
 where Paper of the best quality is made from
 pure spring water, very white and smooth. A sup-
 I plv of New s a-«l Book Paper kept constantly for
 sale by us, at Mill prices, in large or small lots.
 Any size and quality of Paper not on hand, ftir
 j nislied at short notice.
 Printers and others will do well to call and exam
 ine the quality and price, at No. 6 Exchange st.
 FISHER Co.
 jy2l Booksellers and Publishers.
MUTISH PERIODICAL
 LITERATURE.
 SUBSCRIBE EARLY WHILE THE TERMS
 ARE LOW.
 REPUBLICATION OF
 The London Quarterly Review, The
 Edinburgh Review, The North RrU
 ish Review, The Westminster Review,
 and Blackwood's Edinburgh Maga
 zine.
The alxive Periodicals are reprinted in New York,
 immediately on their arrival by the British steamers,
 iu a beautiful cleat type, on fine white paper, and
 are faithful copies of the originals, Blackwood's
 Magazine, being an exact facsimile of the Edinburgh
 edition.
 They embrace the views of tiie three great parties
 in England—Tory YY’hig, and Radical. Black
 wood and the London Quarterly are Tory; the
 Edinburgh Review Whig; and the YY’estmin
 ster Review Radical. Tiie North British Re
 view is more of a r eligious character, having been
 originally edited by Dr. CliaJmers, and now, since
 his death, heing conducted by his son-in-law, Dr.
 Ifanna, associated w ith Sir David Brewster. Its
 literary character is of the very highest order..
 PRICES FOP. 1849, (if subscribed for early.)
 For any one of the four Reviews, $3 00 per annum.
 For anv two do 5 00
 For any three do 7 00
 For all four of the Review 8 00
 For Blackwood’* Magazine, 300
 For Blackwood and tiie 3 Reviews, 9 00
 For Blackwood k. the 4 Review s, 10 00
 l'atftncnts to t* math- m all cases in advance
 CLUBBING.
 Four copies of any or all the alxive work* will b
 *ont to one address ori payment of the regular sub
 *ci iption Ibr three—the tourth copy lieing gratis.
 EARLY COPIES.
 A lau- tuTangemeut with the British publislier* of
 Blaekwond’* Magazine secures to us early sheets of
 that work, by which we shall lie able to place the I
 entire number it* tin- Isande of anliseribers before any j
 portion of it an lie reqiriuled in any of thfr American
 Jwunials. b’&lt;*r lilt* an«l oilier abvantage* secured to
 our Ridisc.-ils i s w*- ;&gt;ay so large a consideration, that'
 we may omifelW to raise the price of tl»e Maga- 1
 zine. Tlteiefore we repeat snliscrilie early while i
 the price is low.
 Remittance* and communications should be alway s
 addressed, post-paid or franked, to the publisher*,
 LEONARD SCOTT CO.
 70 Fulton street, New Y'ork.
THE GIRARD I.IFE INSURANCE, AN
 NUITY AND TRUST COMPANY of Phila
 delphia. Chartered in 1836—Charter Perpetual;
 Capital, £300,000 —Benjamin IV. Richards, Presi
 dent. Continue* to make iiuoranee on live*, grant
 annuities and endow meats, aad accept trusts from in- 1
 dividual*, corporate i«odie», and courts of justice, i
 and execute them agreeably to the desire of the par- j
 t ties, and receive deposits of money in trait or on
 interest.
 The Company add a Imnn* at stated periods to 1
 the insurance for life, andoo the 20th of January
 last, an addition was mad to all the policies for life,
 remaining in force and i**oed prior to January Ist,
 i 1842, mounting to 10 per cent, on the sum insured
 ia ivolitics issued in 1837 7[ per cent, on policies
 issued in 1838, and in rateable proportions according
 to their respective dates.
 The chief object of an insurance for life is to pro
 vide a sons of money at tbe death of the party insur
 ed, for the benefit of n widow, children, friends or
 creditors; aad it trill be seen oa examination of the
 table of rates of the life insurance, which will be
 furnished by the subscriber to all who may feel an
 interest in the subject, that by paving a small sum to
 the office every vear (Wing his life, a person may se-
 I cure to his femify a very considerable amount at his
 decease.
 Wherever the system of Life Insurance is properly
 nnderztood, it is extensively adopted, and iu great
 advantages to ail, bat more especially to those who
 depend on their own exertmas (or the support of their
 families, or who may be desirioas to secore the pny
 meut of a ram of money to their friends, creditors or
 children, at their deeensn, which they might be oth
 erwise noable to accomplish, that the operation of the
 system needs bat to be explained to ensure the sen
 on* consideration of the pabfie.
 In several instances it has happened that the parti
 insured ha* died shortly after having paid only one
 or two instalments of the premium, when his family
 have received liom thin office the foil imtmnt for
 winch be had insured.
 Foil informal-oo on this important subject may be
 r *ttiaed by applying, personally or by letter (post
 paid) at the office of the subscriber, the authorised
 i ageat of the Girard Life Inraraaen Company.
 WILLIAM BAKE Well,
 Bake we 11’* Law Buddings,
 Grant street, Pittsburgh.
TI7M. H. TOPP, Merchant Tailor. M Bread.
 V* trey. Also an exteauira imrf mt of CravnU,
 Stock*, Hosiery, Gloves, Ac
 Afaeey, Fab. 11,1545.
PROSPECTUS
 Iscrku PkrtMUfkil Jrarial.
 O. S. FOWLER, EDITOR.
 TO Inform and perfect narwlves and our rare. I*
 i. tha wwl exalted of all wttfks. Yet, to do this we
 MMt —dwetand the Unman Constitution. This
 ftwolty, ftytinbji and Vital Magnrti-m em
 brace, and MMC e\po«&gt;ud all the law# of nor being,
 conditions of hnmum**. and coostiiote tbe philoso
 pher's st oae of Universal T ruth.
 i Hi Rr. voi.ocY
 E»Hi a—her will fi,ii.ii* nttirr the aaaly.es and
 location of rams phrerw.fijgirAi brsltt, lUwMrated by
 aa Engraving, or an aiticai .w tbrnr rombinatiuds:
 aad also tbe organization and character of sooae dis
 tinguished personage, acci mjarde** by a likeness.
 PHYSIOLOGY
 Health I* Life, Tiie great instrument of talent vir
 «f aad happiness, all of which it augments. To its
 pevaervatioa aad restoration, specisl attentioa will be
 given.
 MAGNETISM.
 Witb pructial instruction, interesting facts, ami
 choke truths which it unfolds, will he preseated in
 this Journal.
 YOCSG MEN.
 The blessings they enjoy, the influence they can
 wield, and their preparation for conducting our insti
 tutions, will form tbe theme of a series of articles.
 self-improvement.
 Who doe* not long earnestly, aad would not strive
 j assiduously, to cultivate hi. natural powers, and
 render himself better and more happy 7 To such,
 each number will be a prompter and text-book. i
 TERMS—invariably in advance—ON E DOLL
 AR A YEAR.
 SAMPLE NUMBERS of this Journal will be
 seut GRAI IS, when desired.
To receive attention, letter, and oniers must be
 POST-PAID, and directed to
 FOWLER WELLS.
 No 131 Nassau Sr.. New York
WILLIAM B. LOGAN, Dealer in Fashiotiabh
 Boots and Shoes, 80, Purchase Stmt, New
 Bedford.
 W. B. L. keeps constantly on hand a good assort
 ment, and will sell cheap for cash. Strict attention
 paid to custom-made work, by Messrs. Parker and
NORTHAMPTONJVATER CURE.
 Electricity and Hydropathy.
 THE public are respectfully informed, that »inc»
 the philosophical deductions of the learned Dr.
 Means, of Emory College, Ga., and the) scientific
 experiments of Mr. Henimer of England,* havt
 recently and iiKlubitahly established die fact, tha’
 the conclusions at which the undersigned arrived bi
 the sense of touch, in 1814, are in harmonv w iti
 natural and physiological laws—to wit, that tin
 human laxly, in a healthy condition, is in a positiu
 electrical siate, and that the electrical emanation
 from the cuticuiar surface, indicate licalth, or tlx
 symptoms aad character of disease—there is some j
 reason to hope, that rertain physicians, ignorant o!;
 these principles or natural laws, a knowledge o! 1
 which is essential to the safe and intelligent practice
 of the healing art, will cease their vociferation*
 against die positive electrical state of tin
 human body, ami will hesitate to dissuade those
 whom they have failed to relieve of their complaints,
 from seeking nature’s remedy at the Northamp
 ton Water Cure. Thus sustained bv the light
 of science, the undersigned may lx* permitted her*
 tp repeat his experience, that, in all eases where tli#
 wrist, stomach, or lungs, are in the eleetro-negativi
 condition, the patient is Leyond the power of water
 to afford relief. On die other hand, when the part.-
 of the body alluded to, are in the electro-positive
 state, however disarranged, there is ground to hopi
 for a cure.
 Had not the results of past years’ practice
 already convinced the public of die "safety or truth
 fulness of the principles by which the undersigned is
 governed, in detecting die symptoms and cliaractei
 of disease, and practising the cure, the recent scien
 tific demonstration of their correctness, by Professor
 Means and Mr. Hemmer, could not fail to convince
 the most incredulous.
 Gratefully appreciating the credit so generously
 awarded for his success is a Hydropathic Praci
 lioner, by a discerning public, and the gratitude
 evinced by those whom lie has had the pleasure In
 relieve of' dieir complaints, the undersigned will
 assiduously endeavor to sustain the credit, and merit
 I that gratitude, in the case of every invalid who may
 afford him an opportunity to effect a cure, by his
 original and philosophical method of practice.
 The Northampton YY’ater Cure is pleasantly situ
 ated near Bensoiiville, on the west hank of Licking
 Water, or Mill River, about two and a half miles
 from the centre of the town. It is conveniently
 arranged, w ith separate parlors, bathing and dress
 ing-rooms, for Ladies and Gentlemen, well ventil
 ated and conveniently furnished lodging rooms, and
 a variety of baths, supplied w ith water, which, for
 abundance, purity, and adaptedness to water-cure
 purposes, is unsurpassed by that of any oilier esta- j
 nlishment in this country. The scenery in this i
 vicinity is picture sque and romantic There are a
 variety of pleasant walks, stifiiciently retired, to
 allow water-cure patients to appear as they should,
 plainly dressed, enjdjing their rambles' without
 being exposed to public gaze or observation
 Among the complaints which are here successfully
 treated, are Iteadache, tendency of blood to the head,
 cold extremities, general and nervous debility, bron
 chitis, pulmonary affection, liver complaint, jaun-
 dice, acute or chronic inllammation of the bowels, I
 piles, dyspepsia, general debility nervous and spinal
 affections, inflammatory and chronic rheumatism,!
 neuralgia, sciatica, lame limbs, paralysis, fevers, salt
 rheum, scrofulous and erysipelas humors.
 All patients who visit this establishment for a'
 course of treatment, should furnish themselves with j
 three comfortables, three woollen blankets, one or
 two linen and three cotton sheets, two pillow cases, 1
 six or eight crash towels, some well worn linen, to
 cut for fomentations, an old cloak nr mantle, an uin
 brella, ami a pair of slippers.
 Terms for treatment and fioard are $5 50 to
 88 50 per week, payable weekly—washing extra.
 A patient who from choice or tLe character of iris
 complaint, occupies a room alone on the third floor,
 I will pay £8 00 per week—cn the first and second
 1 floors, $8 30 per week. Patients requiting extra
 attention or fire in their rooms, (except for swath
 j ing purposes.) will furnish their own nurses and fuel,!
 i or pav an extra price.
 D. KUGGLES.
 Northampton, March 1848.
 N.B. Visitors to the Establishment, from the
 east, west, or south, can take tl« cars of the Conn.'
 River Railroad at Springfield. Carriages will
 always he in teadiness at the Northamptonde|iot, to
 convey them hitlier.
 The human blood, in a normal anil healthy con
 dition of tiie human syntera, is in a positive slate,
 which is constantly maintained by the activity of the
 generating source* within—an excess generally pass
 ing off in silence from the cuticuiar surface, so that
 out of 356 experiment* made by Mr. Hemmer of
 England, upon the uncovered skin,” 322 indicated
 tiie presence of positive electricity. This surplusage
 of tbe fluid npon the surface, we believe to be indi*
 pensahle to the healthful condition of the wliole
 animal economy, and that alien, from anv cause, is
 ee diminished or ceases, disea-ed action ensues.”
 Geoaildress, delivered before the Medical College of
 isSrgia. at the opening of it* animal session, Nor.
 8, 1847, by A. Means, A.M., M.D., Professor of
 Chemistry aiul Pharmacy, and Professor of Physical
 Science in Emory College, Ga., page 25
ATHOL WATER LIRE.
 THE Subscriber begs leave to call tie attention
 of Invaiida, especially those suffering from I
 clironic disease, to bis bvdropathic ettablisbment in
 Athol, Mass.
 His bouse was opened fix the reception of patient*
 last reason, and it U believed offer* excellent facili
 ties for a philosophic and thorough coarse in hydro
 patby. The supply of water ts aiomdant, and in l
 P»uil\ ha* been pronounced equal to water on a
 distiHed.” 1 he location is quite eligible, being fait
 a sliort distance from the V. 4c M. railroad. The
 vicinity abounds in a variety of scenery, and hoi
 charming ground* for walks and rambles. So that'
 with the water, suitable regimen, mountain air, and
 exsreiae, patients can scarcely foil to obtain the
 healthful results for which they labor.
 The following case illustrates this remark. Mrs.!
 Ife* 8., of Warwiek, Maas., aged
 abont (forty-five years, was brought to me U.t
 August. Her case presented the following pheno
 mena. If paced ia an erect position, aad left tin-
 Mipported, aha forthwith fell backward to tiie
 Sruma. If.being well supported, she made an
 effixtto walk, either foot, when carried forward,
 the eoutrery, would cross the
 Sha had been ia this condition nearly a
 year. Her treatment commenced the I6th of Sept..
 co ®tinued to the 26th Ott. only, when .fo
 left, no for recovered as to be able to walk half a
 mile with earn. Since her return to ber family, she
 has continued her Ist tha, with corresponding &gt;a&gt;.
 provemeui to her health. She now altewds u&gt; be,
 domestic duties, aad with the assistance of a msli
 giH, does the were, of ber family.
 Patients are desired to bring three comfortables,
 one purr of wooUea blanket*, one pair of sheets.
 towels marked, with old linen ioi
 Terms, from five to tea dollars per wank, accord*
 urn to the necessities or choke of the pattern*.
 Ttnaa who fee. partiaufor iu the .JKrem
 fuem»,or are witting to occupy them in cewtmou
 with others, will ha charged lass.
 Athol, March, 1848. GBORGS HOYT.
fOVERT!:
 rr» ILLEGAL CAUSES AND LEGAL
 CUKE.
 __ IT LTIAMDt* SFOCMt*.
 ino A n T H—“ neat pamphlet
 P T**'*~'* remarkable productwn.”—
 Whether all the anticipation* of Mr. Spooner
 would hr realised by th* foil adoptba of hi* theory,
 we d*&gt; not fv- o- to enquire; but we heartily eom
 mend his endear or t the notice &lt;cC w ho fove a
 transparent kwrihle fin-lion—:r,»re--td indepewieare—
 original thought—an*l retire freedom frotn tbe rant
 of sect or party. A* a judicial writer.bc has depth
 a compass, for Iwjond any owe v H,.sr ptryfixiMv,,’
 have met oar eve m a kwg lime.”
 Huut’s Merckint'- M*?azine vs V a—- r slrmm.ii
 ia bold and original th&lt;«ghts. Tbe iJVgaf rauses o
 poverty are stated, end a murder ot .mp, Tl3fl
 sit ion* Itrarmg on tie #ol jer t bid «U»* r and/mtha
 whole, we consider it a work weft
 affording as it ike* many va.'-iaMe i;«m t in tire stale*,
 man and p»ot&lt; -ai eronoii, «t."
 The Bangor Gazette save—” \*i a |,h- yn certsin-
 K- original w.»rk, fr-rn the jen of I.\*an.'cr Npooner
 Esq.—author of lljit powcifol l&lt;x,k which
 stratrs tiie uncoiutitutionality of A iter ban Sbverv
 There is no writer of the age, of logical acumen in.,re
 searching than Spooner.,’ This new work is des
 tined to lead to a re examination of all former
 terns of political economy-” At first blush his eco
 nomical propositions strike us as sustainable—and if
 they are so, his work will prevail, and produce an
 important revolution in Lhe present prevailing
 tern.
 Every one should rend it.”
 BELA M RSH, Publisher, Boston.
 Part 1. Price 25 Cents.
 IlarlS IcgrlaMf LAtiact
 Is tlx? only reme.lv that can le reiird on for tiie
 permanent cure of {spasmodic Coatractions, Irrita
 tion of the Nerves, Nervous or Sick Headache
 Nervous Tremors, Neuralgic Affections, Genera
 Debility Deficiency nf Nerv, u* and Fhysical Ener
 py, and alt Nervous Disorders, including the most
 cteadful of all disease* that affect the human race—
 Fpirpsji, or Fulling tinietn. —Hvsteiical Kits,
 Convidsions, Spasms, &amp;c It is weft known, tiiat
 from tinw- iinmcmoi ial, Physician* have pronounced
 Epileptic Fits incurable. It has Iwfiled all U.air
 skill, ami the boasted i-ower of all medicine, ami
 consequently thousnixls have suffered through a mis
 erable cxisti ncc, am! at but yielded up tlieir lives on
 the Altar of Insanity. —Tlr pioprieftrcf the
 able Extract, however, ft els no delicacy in saying
 that it can b.* cured. He would, tliertfi.re, respect
 fully invite physicians, aud ail others who are inter,
 ested, to examine tbe testimony which is here of err.
 If it is deception, lot i- be exposed but if it u
 true, then in the name of humanity, no fonger let it
 be said that Epilepsy is incurable.
 lfrart's Yegetaf.lt FMract. —For sixteen vests,
 has been tested by many persons who have suffered
 v ith this dreadful dissa«c, and in every case where
 it has had a fair trial, has effected a permanent
 cure.
 Col. Dcnslow of Yonkers, New York, states that
 hi* daughter has been afflicted with Fit* for more
 than nine years, and has been cured by the use iff
 the Y'egetal le Extract.
 Mrs. J. Bradey, 115 Orchard 'treet. New York,
 states that she has been subject to Fits for many
 years, and has been restored to perfect health (aliet
 every other means had failed) by the use of the
 Y'egc-table Extract.
 Dr. Ultarles A. Brown, of Dover, Russell co.,
 Alabama, who is one of the lest Physiriant in the
 State, says that he has been murh lenefitted hy the
 use of tiie Vegetable Extract, and that lie unhesitat
 ingly prescribes it in every- case nf Epilepsy which
 comes under his knowledge.
 Curtis G. Mayberry, Esq., formerly Postmaster
 at Lime Mills, Crawford Co., Pa., now living in
 Erie Co., Pa., states that for many r ars past lie
 has been sorely afflicted with Fits, and he is now
 happy to state that a persevering use of I)r. Unit’s
 Y’egetable Extract, has restored him to sound health,
 i being entirely freed from that w orst of all diseases.
 Judge Randall, N. 156 Heniy street, New York,
 having used the Vegetable Extract successfully in
 his family, highly iccommends it to all persons "who
 sue afflicted with Fits.
 M. Stephen E. Pratt, corner of Sixth Avenue
 and Twenty-Sixth street, New York, states that
 Mr. has, IE Boughton, a member of his family ha*
 been so severely afliirted w ith Epileptic Fit* fi r
 many years, that he was obliged to relinquish his
 business. Having used Dr. Hart’s Y'egetal le Ex
 tract (says Mr. Trait,) lie was soon testored to
 perfect health, and left this city for the State ol
 i Ohio to resume his business.
 Rev. Mr. Smith, Rector of St. Peters Cliurcn,
 Spots wood, New Jersey, who lias been afflicted
 w ith Epileptic Fits for more than forty years, states
 that he- has used Dr. Hart’s Vegetable Extract, and
 his health has been so much improved tlmt he la je«
 by Divine blessing, to have no more Fite.
 Fpihftic Fits.— For twenty-seven years and six
 months, cured by the use ol this truly wonderful
 medicine.
 Read the following remarkable case of the son of
 YVm. Secore, Esq, of !'hiladel| hia, afflicted with
 Epileptic Fits twenty-seven years and six month*
 After travelling through Engiamf, Scotland, Ger
 many anil France, consulting the most eminent
 physicians, and expending fur medicine, medical
 treatment and advice three thousand dollars, returned
 with his sen to this country in November last., with
 out receiving any benefit whatever, and was cured
 by using Hart's Vegetable Extract. —l have »j cut
 over three thousand dollars for uie.'icine and me.iical
 attendance. I was advised to take a lour u, Eu
 rope with him which I did. I first visited England,
 I consulted the most emimnt physicians there in
 respect to his case; they examined him and prescri
 bed accordingly. I remained there three mou i.s
 without perceiving any change for the betti r, which
 cost me about two hum!red and fifty doJJnis, pock
 eted by the physicians, and the nu.-.t that I received
 was their opinion that my son *h case tvas hopeless
 and POSH IY ELY INCURABLE. I accordingly
 left England travelled through Scotland, Germany
 and Fiance, and returned home in the month cf
 Noven.ber last, w ith my soil as tar fiom being cured
 as when l icit, I saw your advi itisement in one f
 the New Yoik papers, and concluded to tiy Hart’.
 Vegetable Extract, seeing your statements and
 certificates of «o many cutes, some of twenty and
 thirty years standing, and I «an assure you I atn rot
 sorry I did so, as by liar use of Hart's Vegetable
 Extract alone he was restored to PERFECT
 lIKALI 11. His reason, which was so far gone a* to
 unfit him for business i* entirely restored, with the
 prospect now hefc.re him of lile, health and u»elul
 ness. He is now 28 w ars of age, and 27 years 6
 months of this time has been afflicted with this
 most dreadful of diseases, lait tliank God is now
 enjoying good health.
 now, sir, foith without works I don’t lelieve
 in. To say I shall be ever grateful to you is one
 thing, and as I here* enclose you one hundred dol.ais,
 1 have no doubt but you will think this another and
 quite a different thing. The debt of gratitude I still
 owe you; but please accept this amount as interest
 on tirerlcbt in advance.
 Yours, very respiectfidlv,
 (signed) WILLIAM SECORE.
 TESTIMONY UPON TESTIMONY.
 I*' reference to lie almost miraculous efficacy oi
 tlii* truly wonderful medicine, rea/I lU following
 letter from Dr. YV. L. Monroe, of Guilford, Ohio!
 one of tbe most eminent physician* in that place:
 t Guilford, Ohio, August 17, 1846.
 Brother laborer m the cause of humanity—Dear
 sir: It i« with mi small degree of pleasure that 1
 am enabled to announce to you die complete triumph
 of your invaluable medicine "in cases ol F.piiepey. 1
 have presented it in lonr iurtarwvw n» On* vmrrniy,
 ami it lias bien highly socn.ssfui m all. Three o
 ilie patient*, 1 hum, have been radically cured.
 'I lie fourth one is rapidly improving, ami will, I
 think without doubt recover. I am not iu the habit
 of prescribing or patent meuicines,
 l*it when 1 see an article which promises so much
 for the relief ..f suffeiing humanity, 1 feel my duty
 to recotmneud it, anil I have no hcsitafiin m say
 ing dial as soon as the faculty are fully acquainted
 with the real merit of your medicine, they will
 close their eye* against prejudice and feud you a
 helping hand.
 I sulncribe myself yours, sincerely,
 [Signed] YV. L. MON ROE, M. I»
 Yo Dr. S. Hart, New Y'ork.
 THE TIME IS NOT EAR DISTANT
 W hen thousands who are now trembling mv*/
 tbe hand of tins dreadful disease, and fearing th*&gt;
 every attack may prove foul, will find permanent
 relief and he restored to qew life, by Bring itu*
 celebrated medicine.
 OVER ONE THOUSAND CERTIFICATES
 Have been received ia testimony of the Brnefi..»
 result produced by the use of Dr. Hart’s Yrj*t«
 hie Extract.
 03- Prepared by S. HART, M I&gt;., New Y.*k-
 Price, one package v’S iaj
 Do four packages 10 M
 Do eight packages 20 00
 iff" It is raretully packed op in boxes for iranr
 porutiou, aud send to any part of the t
 States, Texas, Mexico, uni YVest ladies.
 THOM AS fc MILS, 169 Mam sire*«.
 ciunaL, Ohm, General Agents for tb«J b udsd
 States, to wtiom all cotaiuumcatioos must te at*
 (iresaed Poat Pakl.
 A. B A D. Saada Corner of Fulton aud YViiluwi 3'
 New York.
 H. D. Warle, Main fit Hi. Pauls Rochester,
 E. HoHkige, 217 Maia street Baflafo,
 11. It E. Gaylord, Ageals for GlevelaaJ OK&lt;o.
 Fav it Kilbournt, Columbus,
 J.tikG. 11 Hill, Detroit, Midogan.
 Wan Canaingham, Mdlwaakie M is.
 J. R Reed, aad Co., Chicago 1(1.
 Doct. T. Mason, Duhuque lowa
 H. B lac kale v, and Co, Si. Lotas Mo.
 Aad foe Sale by ceost of the pnwipaJ Dragg'*&lt;d
 threaghout the tailed Stales.
 THOMAS A MILLS. M Mere atrrei.
 ftp. 22.—1 y CaicveaeU Ufe.
