Notices.
FIFTEENTH ANNUAL MEETING
 or the)
 I H Kftff I* i B#f IKTV.
Tl«* FirrttsT* Anmnuar ol th«
 American Anti-Slavery Society will be beW
 in the Taber node. Rmtdiny, New York. oo
 Tnrediy the Ath day of May »e*t.
 The Anniversary at the Tabernacle repre-
 sent* to the country at large tbe progress, the:
 efficiency, and even the existeoer, of tbe Anti-J 1
 Slavery cause. It is to vaal numbers of peo-'
 pie the only mga ot the continued zeal and I,
 spirit of the Abolitionists, whom* local meet-1
 mgs they never b«»a» of. 11
 The BusioeM Meetings of the Society'
 have always brought together in counsel t.
 larger number of Abolitionists frum various'
 parts of the Northern States than is ever con- j
 vened on any other occasion. The general i
 ,merest* ot the cause command, at that time,!
 a consideration which at no other can be given
 them.
 It has n*ver, since the formation of the I
 society, been more apparent than at this mo
 .r.ent, that the Anti-Slavery cause is left
 where it ever baa been, in tbe hands of the
 members of the American Society. There is
 a* yet no reason to suppose that Slavery will
 ever be abolished except through its efforts.
 The general importance of the Annual
 Meeting, and the aspect of the cause at this
 moment, which fives us every thing to hope
 for if we persevere,—everything to fear if
 we falter—appeal alike loudly to Abolitionists,
 all over the land, to make the ensuing Annual
 Meeting of tbe American Anti-Slavery Socie
 ty one that shall do more even than any pre
 vious one has done to drive the South to
 despvr in defence of its felonious system of
 society, and the North to a more determined
 altitude than any portion of it has evei yet
 ventured to assume in defence of its own
 rights, and the assertion of the rights of tbe
 •‘lave.
 WM. LLOYD GARRISON. Prest.
 Wendell Phillips, Sea/'s
 S 11. Gay. J
 senator Walker Instructed to Resign.
 The Legislature of Wisconsin have spoken
 heir opinion of Senator Walker. We no
 ticed some days since the passage of the res
 olution* through tbe Assembly, condemning
 what they called his dough-faced recreancy to
 the wilt of bis constituents, and instructing
 him to resign forthwith. In the House, the
 resolutions were adopted with compantively
 little opposition. We give the resolutions as
 adopted by the House, together with the
 vote.
 Resolved, J 1 v the Senate and the Assembly
 of the Stato of Wisconsin, that the course of
 Hon. I. P. Walker, one of the Senators of
 this State, in tbe Congress of the United
 States, in presenting and voting for an amend
 ment to the General Appropriation bill provid
 ing for a Government in California and New
 Mexico west of the Rio Grande, which did nut
 contain a provision torever prohibiting the in
 troduction of slavery or involuntary servitude
 ■n'oaid Territories, has violated his oft-repeat
 ed as well as his solemn written pledges given
 before hia» election, on that subject, and out
 raged the feelings, and misrepresented those
 who elected him to that station, and has openly
 violated the instructions contained in the renol
 ulto is passed bv this body on tho subject or
 slavery, at its present session: Therefore,
 Resolved, That Mr. Walker is hereby in
 structed immediately to resign his seat in the
 United States Senate
 Resolved, That Hon. Henry Dodge, our
 other Senator, in voting against the proposi
 tion of Mr. Walker, a 3 he did on the 20th of
 February last, has represented the views and
 wishes of his constituents on that subject, for
 which we express to him our most cordial ap
 proval of his course.
 Resolved, That the Governor is requested
 to forward a copy of the foregoing resolutions
 to the President of tho Senate and to each oi
 our Senators and Representatives.
 The ayes and noes having been called on
 the adoption of the foregoing resolution, the
 vote stood as follows: ayes 49, nays 9.
 Interraeddiers.
 State rights and non-interference, has been
 the song of the slave party ever since the
 first determined word against slavery was
 spoken in the northern States. If we dared
 discuss their institution and crimes, no matter
 how directly nr intimately they affected the
 freedom, morality, general security, and pros
 perity of the nation, the wellftre and rights
 of the North, or the good of the race, wej
 were delicately told to “go home and mindi
 our own business that we were impertinent
 intermeddlers with other men’s concerns, and
 deserved, and if we dared to go south should
 receive s “halter’’and “felon's death,” for
 our reward. We have long known that
 southern consistency was a very rare article
 that our soul hem masters think it quite enough j
 lor them to affirm their principles without
 practicing tltem that they expect their ser-i
 iles to obey their commands without copying
 their example, and hence we are in no way
 surprised by the following resolutions unani-!
 raouslv adopted by the Whigs of Shelby j
 county, Tennessee, on the 24 uh., and pub
 lished in the Republican Banner and Nash
 ville Whig. Northern Whigs may see in
 them a picture of tho southern face of the;
 party with which they are in league, ana if
 alter reading they do not abhor their union j
 with Southern tyrants, we shall no longer
 .loubt their fitness ior it.
 Whereas, It appears from the public ex
 pression ol opinion that the citizens of the
 State ol Kentucky contemplate to amend
 their Constitution so as to authorize the gra- j
 dual emancipation of their slave population,
 an event which we believe would bo produc
 tive of the most pernicious consequences m
 the adjoining slave holding State*, iu a two-
 fold point of vit-w—first, by the temptation
 that such an anticipated crisis would present I
 to the slaveholder m their own State, to
 hasten the remmal ol that description of pro
 perty in masses prior to the period of the com- 1
 mencement of emancipation, and thus mer-j
 whelming the adroining States with a sudden
 influx, seriously detrimental to the marketable 1
 value of their own domestic slave* secondly,;
 y the consummation of such scheme, Ten
 oessee is destined to become a border Slate, j
 and will neceeaaril v become exposed to tlw I
 very provoking evils that are urged by the
 eitixens of Kentucky for the adoption of this
 novel measure of self protection to wit: Tho
 kidnapping invasions they have suffered on
 their slave population from the citizens of th»
 contiguous free State. We are, therefore,!
 of the opinion that the common welfare of
 our State should prompt its citizens lu *peak
 out in lime, in such language of remonstrance
 as may tend to arrest so dangerous a n volu-1
 tion in the domestic pohey of a sitter slave 1
 •tale; and also lu adopt*such other measure*
 of seif-defence, as may successfully counter-!
 vail the miwrhic! we appreheod from such a
 l/be it further Resolved, —That the dele
 gates from this country to the Sommerville
 f onvention, sre hereby instructed to preaeoi
 the suiect for discussion u» said Convention,
 with the view of making H the imperative
 Juiv for the candidatee who may be nomina-
 Siaie Ropreosntxiivss, to discus* be
 fore the people tho impolicy o« this cootem
 platod scheme* emnoapntoc to Ky., and
abo to advocate hi a measure of —IT defence,
 the snnnmant he 4k Legist or* of A* State,
 the mom rifomMfeoon* on the iotroduc
 tsm ef seeiSM into oar State, for psrpuoca of
 traffic. i
 Resolved, Thffi tar are of opium that
 nothing short of making this traffic felony by
 law, will abolish the evil. Pm. Prrrmmn
Education la Keataeky.
 In hr message to the Legislature of thta
 Common wealth ia 1837, Governor Clark do-
 Hared that une-tbtrd of the adult population
 of the State were unable to write their names
 An examination of marriage certificates signed
 amce that period does not disprove what Gov.
 declared. F«*r the last ten years, onr
 wnseet and beat men have been trying to intro
 duce a system of common vchoola ia onr
 f ommoowealth, with what aneceaa tbe recent
 report of the Rev. Dr. Breckcnridge those,
 r.very Kentuckian nut admit that a very
 large portion of our follow-citizen* are un
 able to write their names or read their Bibles,
 and there ia aot the slightest expectation that
 a better condition of things ia likely tn exist
 so long at that foe to education, slavery, is
 permitted to remain in the Stale. Notwith
 standing the many efforts that tb« friends ot
 education in the various slave Sta&gt;es have
 made to get common schools well established,
 there is not a slave Slate in the Union in
 which there is any soefa school system in op
 eration It is not because atuetu of slave
 States do not make proper efforts, but it ia
 owing to the fact, that where slavery is tol
 erated, the population trill be tot) sparse for
 common schools.
 Tbe advocates of slavery hate statistic*,
 and they do not hate them without a cause.
 Statistics prove that the slave States are in a
 deplorable oondititioe of ignorance. Tbe
 rich and those who are well to do in the world
 are educated, but the masses of the people art
 unprovided with educational facilities, and,
 despite w hat the Journal calls our common
 school system, the stump and newspaper”
 they grow up utterfy ignorant of the use of
 the pen and the type. In 1840, in the fifteen
 slave States and Territories, there were 202,-
 085 scholars in the primary schools, while in
 the same class of schools in the free States
 1.626,028, or more then eight times as many.
 The scholars in the single State of Ohio out
 numbered the scholars in all the slave States!
 In the slave States one in every ten of the
 white population arc unable to read or writ*,
 while in the free States the proportion is one
 to every hundred and fifty. There is scarcely
 a child horn of American parents in the free
 States that is permitted to grow up without
 some schooling, while in the slave States the
 population is almost exclusively native in its
 origin, and the ignorance is of domestic origin
 too. All the penitentiaries m the country
 show that the «la*s which can neither read or
 write furnish a very large proportion of their
 criminals.— Louisville Journal.
THE NORTH STAR.
ROCHESTER, MAY 4, 1849
Letter from the Editor.
 New York, 25th April, 1849.
 Dear Readers —This has been a lively
 week among the colored citizen# of New
 York. Subjects connected with our interests
 have claimed a large 3hare of their attention.
 At the close of the meeting on Friday even
 ing, held m the Shiloh Presbyterian Church,
 corner of Prince and Marion Streets, another
 meet me was announced for Monday evening!
 ot the next week, for the special purpose of
 exposing the mischievous movements of a
 Mr. Miller, (Son of the Rev. Dr. Miller of
 Princeton, New-Jersey,) who it seems is now
 in England, misrepresent
 feelings of the colored pe*. r countrv,
 and doing hto utmost to organise societies in
 that country auxiliary to the American Colo
 nization Society and through this means to
 raise funds with which to carry on the ma
 chinery of this old abuser of the colored peo
 ple.
 It was enough'that the meeting was called
 to expose this two faced hypocrite and perse
 cutor of the colored man, to rally a large
 audience. There were in attendance not fewer
 than twelve hundred persons, made up of the
 most respectable and intelligent part of the
 colored people of this city. It did ray heart
 good to look out upon that audience. I hailed
 the sight as ample evidence that our people,
 though crushed beneath the heel of American
 tyranny, are yet alive and willing to assert
 their rights, and denounce the cunning con
 trivances by which their guilty oppressors
 se*k to prolong their oppressive rule, and to
 put far away the day of our deliverance as a;
 people.
 The meeting was organixed by calling the
 Rev. J. W. C. Pennington to the Chair, and j
 appointing several Vice-Presidents and Se-j
 cretaries. A series of spirited resolutions
 were reported by a Committee appointed for
 that purpose; and after a very animated dis
 cussion of them, which continued ur.tl eleven
 o’clock, they were unanimously adopted. The
 speakers on this occasion were, Messrs.
 .1, W C. Pennington, George T. Downing,
 Charles B. Ray, Charles Reason, Charles
 Lenox Remond, Tunis G. Campbell, and
 F redcrick Douglass. With such an'array of
 &amp;i*eakers. a meeting for any purpose could
 neither be dull nor uninteresting; but met to
 expose End denounce tho detestable and ne
 farious designs of the American Colonization
 Society, and especially its present efforts to
 seduce the British public into its recognition
 and support —the theme was such ss to ex
 cite al! m;nds, warm all hearts, and make all
 tongues eloquent. Remond poured forth a
 pertect torrent of indignant eloquence, fairly
 blistering and stinging the very life out of
 Colonization. His speech was listened to
 with the profoundest interest—every word
 telling with thrilling effect upon the multitude
 before him. I have seldom beard him when
 his soul was more thoroughly aroused and his
 eloquence was more powerful. The whole
 assembly attested their delight bv frequent ex
 pression of applause.
 The interest excited this evening suggested
 the propriety of holding another on Tuesday
 evening, the question being put, resulted to
 an unanimous vote in favor of bolding another
 meeting the next evening. The fire was
 kir.dfod *)nd the people were alive according
 ly another and larger meeting was beld on
 the Tuesday evening full of internet to the
 la t, ai d continuing till near the “noon of
 night. I have seldom seen anything surpass
 mg those meetings, and aute 1 am that coloo
 ixat ion never got a severer blow from tbe
 colored people than on these occasions. Not
 coloii.xationist dared open his mouth in favor
 of the scheme. There were several preseat,
 but they deemed it wise to suffer in alienee.
 It is well they did so. While they would
 have been in po bodily danger, they would
 have been terribly handled; nevertheless,
 they ware compelled to sit and hear that
 malignant old persecutor tussive a stinging
«*»tigatioo, from an early* hour until mid-
 night, nnd not a deg ammtg dated to
 wag his tongue in dafimee or extenuation. j
 Among those who mode the moot effective j
 cpoaehco un the lam evening were,Mr. Charles
 L. Reason, Dr, J. MeCsbi Smith, C bartee
 Loaox Remond, Thomas Van ResaeUnev,
 and Henry Bibb. Mr. Reaaaa confined him
 self to a presentation of conncuag
 the Colonisation Society of gross fraud upon
 the public of this and otbor countries— of
 concealing tbe real state of fact* in tho esse
 and coodtUon ot Liberia, showing their us
 candid tepMSMtilioM respecting the influence
 of Liberia upou the slave trade, and proving
 that so far from preventing the slave trade,
 the Liberians were actually engaged in this
 infernal traffic and that amid all the flourish
 about the pro* peri.y of the colony, the cofea
 ista were driven to this hellish business to
 obtain the means of living. He exposed the
 vile and murderous treachery of that counts!-
 pan of Judas, President Roberts! wbe
 for the sake of getting the gold of a partner
 in crime, became an actor behind the scene in
 a moat foul and horrid murder. The speech
 of Mr. Reason will be published seat week,
 and will speak for itself.
 Mr. Bibb, was not behind any of tbe
 speakers. His part was well performed.
 He gare] tbe “old abomination” a shrewd
 riddling with the lash of ridicule, and suag
 an Anti-Colonization song which greatly
 pleased tbe audience. Mr. Remood wished
 to skulk this evening, but the audience “would
 stand no such nonsense," and he was com
 pelled to give them another t blast of hu
 bugle. He has only to open hia mouth, and
 a cataract of eloquence is the result. H#
 spoke grandly and to the point—carrying his
 audience, or rather his audience carrying him
 with them.
 Mr. \an Reosellaer, spoke short, but said
 much. His rough, “Raru’s Horn,' 1 offhand
 manner is not agreeable to many, but all must
 confess that there is power and spirit in the
 man. He leaps right into the midst of tbe
 enemy and wields his dangerous weapon in
 all directions; sometimes mistaking friends
 for foes, his war club makes sad havoc
 among his own roldiera. He may be dis
 ciplined, but must not be dismissed from the
 ranks of freedom’s army in this country.
 I Frederick Douglass followed Van Rensellaer.
 Dr. McCune Smith spoke last, and made one
 of the neatest speeches to which I ever
 listened. His speech was mainly devoted to
 the history and noble conduct of Aexander
 Cruranaell now in England, awarding to that
 gentleman a generous tribute of respect for
 his boldness and the prompt manner in which
 he had met our common enemy in that land,
 as well as tor his manly conduct towards, that
 piince df (offenders, Bishop Underdonk.
 I am not sure that I have not got the cart
 before the horse in giving you this account,
 w ithout first stating fully the immediate cause
 for holding these meetings. But I write in
 haste and you must excuse had composition.
 The facts are briefly these.
 Soon after President Roberts visited Eng
 land, and made a favorable impression, there
 went from this country an agent of the Col
 onization Society. This agent has represent
 ed to the British public that the colored
 people in this country are generally turning
 their attention to Liberia aa their future home
 that immense number* wish to go and would
 immediately emigrate if they could; that the
 want of funds is their only hindrance. This
 agent has been very active, and has made a
 j decided impression, having almost succeeded
 in establishing a British Colonization Society,
 to co-operate w ith the American and would
 have done so but for the timely interference of
 Alexander Crummell, now in England, and to
 whom the colored citizens of New York are
 indebted fot this note of warning. I rejoice
 that so able and faithful a representative of
 the colored people of the United States hap
 pened to be in England at that time. The
 meetings just held will prove a very accepta
 ble reinforcement to him, and 1 have no doubt
 he will use those proceedings successfully
 against our common foe.
 There is no end to the impudent and in
 sulting schemes of the American Colonization
 Society. That society has been again and
 again assured by the respectable and intelli
 gent part of the colored jieople that they
 neither wished nor wanted its services. If
 they desite to go to Liberia or any where else f
 they would go independently and at their
 own expense. But ihese assurances in the
 shape of resolutions and addresses, go for
 nothing; running before they are sent, they are
 everlastingly begging money in our name,
 and appropiating the same to their own pur
 poses,—against our moat earnest remonstran
 ces. Exposed in England a few years ago,
 at the instance of William Lloyd Garrison,
 by Wilberforcc, Clarkson, and O’Connell,
 the graves of thesa noble men are scarcely
 green, when this society sends its agents into
 that country on a second mission of fraud
 and deception. That it will be worsted in the
 ptesent conflict 1 have no doubt. British
 philanthropists, are quite suspicious, and
 justly so of any propositions emanating from i
 w hite persons, aiming to affect iu any way
 the condition of the colored people of this*
 country. I have little fear that they will!
 unite with our old enemy against ns in this I
 trust their last effort to injure os.— r. d.
The New York Colored Oiphu Asylum.
 I have just spent two hour* at ibis institu
 tion. The building is situated on Fifth avenue
 between Forty-thinland Forty-fourth streets
 and so deeply am 1 interested and impressed
 by what I saw and beard there, that I foal
 prompted to say a word about it at once. For
 this visit I am indebted to Dr. J. McCune
 Smith, the constant Physician of the estab
 lishment. Wo arrived there just aa tbe
 children were ruing fifrotn the long dinner
 table, and were attracted to the room where
 they were, by their vocal music. They had
 finished their plain but substantial repast, and
 were warbling a song of thanksgiving and
 praise. “Praise God from whom all blearing*
 flow,” went upon the wings of a hundred and
 forty orphan votets. We reached the room
 in time to catch the dosing strain of tbie pre
 cious old hymn, and to soe the children as
 they stood ringing it, and were (who would
 ootbe?) deeply affected by it. 1 had often
 beard this hymn before, and seemed to taolme
 iu depth and power, but never until this
 moment had I been made to foe) tbe nnetioa
 with which it is cupsbls of being song. The
 groat God seemed alone to share their thanks
 giving. Cot riff from earthly parents, they
ware taught to look to thatr Fafhnr Hnavun
 as the source of all the biaariogs they
 mi tn tefy upon him iu usury time of Muff.
 At the ckue their hymn I kiuffif m
 tihd ky sue of tho didMMuo k «hke a
 T i iliilflrt- I Luwpffki, nnd
 addressed them shoot fifteen miuotoo, timing
 to inpwi their youthful minds with a ssnat
 of the high destiny which twaited them, the
 i tspoosihiHdhs which were aotm to devolve
 upoe thenqp anil tho greet impeller* of
 preparing to meet sod discharge worthily
 their duties Hid roapeuaibihues. For this I
 usxued them agmiaot the vice* of lying and
 indolence,—exhorted them to truthfulness
 and industry showing that while tho former
 loads to shame sod rum, the latter loads to
 peace, plenty, aad happiness. I woo listooed
 to with strict attention, and at the does. Dr.
 Smith took op the theme, aad after firing
 them a little history of myself, the children
 song us several songs upon the subject, which j
 we had just been considering.
 Every movement of the children was mark- j
 ad by the utmost ease and order, highly credi-:
 table to thoon having charge of the Institution, j
 After dinner they went to their plays, and
 presented a lively scene as they seats per od m
 various directions, with merry songs and
 sprightly dance. From this scene the Dr.
 gave me a hasty glance at the different apart
 ments of the building. The school, and sleep
 ing apartments were admirably sdapted to pro
 mote health, and secure the comfort of the iu-,
 mates. Tbe whole building, though plain;
 and unpretending, is the very picture of neat
 ness and comfort.' I felt like uniting in tho holy
 hymn, “Praise God," as I beheld those dear
 children, snatched flora damp and gloomy cel
 lars, deserted and desolate garrets, from the
 abodes of rice and crime, from want and
 wretchedness, from disease and death, to this
 delightful abode of virtue aud intelligence,
 where their tender hearts are moulded and
 impteseed with the love of virtue, and their
 minds brought under the broad light of
 education, and their hands are early trained
 to industry, order and frugality.
 Here, I found religion in its appropriate
 sphere, taking care of the fatherless, and
 lightening tbe burdens of the loody widow.
 Thank God that New York—given up to
 money-making as she is, and Sodom-like in
 her varied forms of wickedness as she is, pre
 sents at the same time such examples of
 (’hristian charity as tbe Colored Orphan Asy
 lum.
 I would gladly say more of this Institution,
 but time and space will not permit at this wri
 ting. 1 wil: recur to it at another time.—f.d.
 P. S. The names of tbe officers of the In
 stitution are as follows,—
OFFICERS.
 Anicaltha Miller, First Directress, 29,
 Clinton Place.
 Sarah C. Hawkhcrst, Second Directress,
 83, Henry Street.
 Anna H. Shotwcll, Secretary, 105, Third
 Avenue.
 Mary Murray, Treasurer, Foarteenth-«t.,
 near Third Avenue.
 managers.
 Alible tun Arcularius, Elisabeth Kelly,
 Elizabeth Bowne, Anne Mott,
 Ruth Beatty, Jane R. Madauchlin,
 Martha C.blig*, Jane Lawrence,
 Francis Chrystie, Sarah Muosell,
 Elizabeth B. Collins, Margaret Roosevelt,
 Eincline Cornell, Any Sutton,
 Mary Day, Jane R. Thurston,
 Mary Few, F. Underhill,
 Mary J. Urhon, M. A) to lactic Varick,
 Chailotte Gardener, Mary VVMblcr,
 Sarah Hall, Elisabeth Wigharn,
 Ann Jay.
 ADVISERS TO THE BOARD.
 Robert C. Cornell, Joshua S. Underhill,
 Robert I. Murray, j Albert Chrystie,
 Win Kelley, Joseph B. Collins,
 Mahlon Day, Anthony P. HaUsy.
New York Colored School, No. 2.
 W hile here, I have done myself the pleasure
 of visiting this somewhat noted school. It is
 under the supetiutendance of Mr. Charles L.
 Reason, one of the most accomplished and
 gentlemanly teachers in this country, of any
 color. He has recently been called to a Pro
 fessorship, in the new Free College, now in
 progress in Central New York; and will doubt
 less do honor to hiinselfand the colored people
 of this country generally, by his services in
 that capacity. The school now under consid
 eration, is the largest, I believe, in this city.
 The female department is under the care cf
 Mrs. J.me Forten, a lady of large attainments
 and I should think well qualified for her sta
 tion. The children were neat in their attire,
 and orderly in their conduct. Mr. Reason
 carried them through a few exercises in Geo
 graphy, Astronomy, Grammar, and Arithme
 tic. The questions were put in a familiar
 way, without any routine formality, and were
 answered in a manner that led me to believe
 that they were not only taught to remember
 the thoughts of others, but to think for them
 teives. The examination was deeply grati
 fying to me, although I found boys of twelve,
 answering correctly questions in geography,
 astronomy, arithmetic and grammar, which I
 could not answer. I ant not the leas proud
 and joyful, on this account. I rejoice that
 such colored lads arc on th.-ir road to man
 hood. They will grow up, I trust, and occu
 py a h’gSer position, than iliat to which tbe
 presert uneducated fugitive has yet attained.
 W hile looking out upon this multitude of
 sable, yet bright faces, 1 felt a deep wish that
 J- f Calbuun and all hi* guilty companions
 in the crime of roan-atcalmg and libelling my
 humble race, could share with me the aoul
 cheermg scene. A better or more impressive
 condemnation of slavery; or a more forcible
 and conclusive refutation of tbe miserable
 calumnies against the colored people cannot
 be foond, than is presented ia this school.
 1 am glad Mr. Reason ia called to tbe booorm-
 Me station of Professor, —but sorry that New
 York city is about to lose the benefit of aucb
 a gentleman and scholar.— r. d.
Jcst THE Same.—When the celebrated en
 gineer Brunei, who aecomplrihed the desper
 ate experiment of tunneling tbe Thamesnver,
 was brought before a committee of the British
 Parluaeot, he »a* asked if a speed of eighty
 miles pet hour on a certain railroad would be
 much more dangerous to the traveler upon it
 than the speed of forty*
 “It would be tost tbe same," said be.
 “Aad a speed of ninety*”
 “Just the seine."
 “And a spaed of one hundred?"
 “Just the asms! For," mined be, “if the
 cars should rua off the track at the rate of
 forty miles per hour, the passengers would all
 go to ruin, and at ooe hundred miles per hour
 they could not eonvanieotly go any ran her.”
Novtt, OtciMon.—Rrepowfoility or Has
 kandn.—A woman wan eon vietod of alealtof a
 pines ofliaca, in Randolph co., lad., aad the
 jaatiee seotaaeed bar forehand.* jail fm tba on
To Females Dm.uk, Fa*-, Ac.
 Mt Dtu Sib:—Tbs ■sinrignad boeeinlv


 foo to a pahlie ami 4mtm arias, of *o
 «mm hat warn as. at say aaeotry M
 State of New York, at each ti«e ae ym **J
 1* ia ■otter «f mU if w j tk V*
 earisrsigaad whotbci Ikeqeestwo kewnt*"®
 m to Man the onao rf either of ike per-
 M a tko Man, apoa ike letter, «r spirit**
 tke Coootitatioa ar the eoestiteuoaality of ike
 pro oUmj anrnm wkiek base keeaper
 torund kjr the government, under ptofinaed
 Cooetitatiooal naetioo.
 ▼eiy lespectfully, Yoor ob’t SerM,
 saM lr waRD
 Syracuse, April 10,1840.
Saw at R. Wabo Eaq.
 Mr Dcaa Sib —While I pwfc" 90
 desire to debate anth yoo, tke dtfteaaee whine
 mar exist between yourself sad me, respecting
 the relation sustained by tke Ceoatitotina o 1
 tke United States, to ike system of American
 Slavery, ‘he direct, earnest, and at the sam
 time respectful manoeref yoor challenge,leave
 me ao alternative hot to ehearfelly accept it.
 I will therefore awn yea m New York oo tke
 teeth of May, at aoch place ae yee or yoor
 ftieode may provide, and discern this question
 any number of evenings yoo may pie***,
 exceeding fire. Of coarse, at the challenging
 party, I shall expect you to assort, ia the man
 ner of distinct propositions, tke various points
 of difference between us.
 Very respectfully yours,
 FREDERICK DOUGLASS.
Elevation.
 Another stepping stone to the colored A*
 merlean's elevation is that of becoming me
 chanics and farmers, and that, too, in the
 same sense that the white man does; he gen
 erally, knows hia business, whether his sign
 toads boot and ahoe-maker, tailor, or black
 smith. If you want hia services, he will prove
 himself a competent workman. In making
 j this suggestion we would not lose sight of tbe
 many colored men, all over the country, now
 excelling in tbe various departments of science
 mechanics, and letters also. We are not
 without examples in our ranks; the fault is
 that they are too slowly imitated. The man who
 has only ability to blow the bellows, should
 not aspire to play the organ. Any one ean
 buy a pippin in the market-place, and tie it to
 the bough of a tree, with a string, but the in-
 I telligent will soon di-cover the difference be
 tween that, and the production of the tree it
 self. One blow of the chisel does not make
 a statue. Let us become perfect, in these
 matters —do our work as we//, and as cheap
 i as others, and no power can pievent our sue
 cess; for self-interest is a predominant trait in
 1 in the human heart, especially a Yankee one,
 and the color of our skins will soon fail to be
 the objection, if customers can drive with us
 the best bargain.
 The elevation of a high standard of morali
 ty is an indispensable requisite for our ad
 vancement. We are living in a land, where, on
 tbe side of tbe oppressor there is power; and
 every dereliction on our part is trumpeted forth
 i as a giant offence; it behoves us, therefore, to
 be careful in our morals, that at least, we may
 be conscious of being in the right. A wise
 parent cannot uphold his child and make him
 respected, unless he respects himself. It is
 eertsinly a merit, in a people situated as we
 are, amid the temptations and examples of a
 corrupt society, if we are enabled to preserve
 our character spotless. Show me such a man
 and I will show one worthy of the beet ap&gt;
 plause of his people and the approbation o'
 I his God:
 Diogeuea, his lantern then will need no more—
 An honest mao being found, tbe search is o'er.
 No station that we may occupy, will itself,
 create a character. We must ourselves be
 honest, and not expect by any artificial mean*
 to attain a proper position. A pigmy is a pig
 my still, though he sat bestride the Alps; a
 giant ia a giant, though always in the valley.
 In this march of mental and moral reform, no
 one can well be spared—the old and tbe
 young,—the men and women, each have an
 influence which should he promptly contribu
 ted, on the altar of a people's elevation. Let
 none suppose themselves too old to learn.
 1 Those who, in early life have not basked in
 the sunshine of literary advantages, should
 eagerly improve every oppoituoity now pre
 sented, to expand their menu.! resources, re
 membering that many of the most distinguished
 'men in the world, have commenced new pur
 suits, at an advanced age. Cato was eighty
 1 when he began to learn Greek. Plutarch at
 !seventy, studied Latin. Benjamin Franklin
 did not pursue his philosophical studies, until
 he was fifty. These few, from many other
 facts, set aside the plea of ‘being too old to
 learn.' Whole volumes have been compiled
 of instances of self-taught men, those who
 I despite the most unfavorable circumstances
 have persevered and signalised themselves as
 rnonumen ts of unlettered sagacity.
 But the young men should constitute them
 selves the advance guard; upon them devolves
 i a large share of responsibility. Our fathers
 are passing away, leaving us but the legacy oi
 their prayers and fond aapirations for success;
 I though they indeed must weep in remembrance
 of the past; when denied even the tithe of our
 present opportunities, their hearts are made
 glad in the anticipations of our day of better
 associations in penetrating the vista of tbe
 coming future, they behold their sons prepar
 ing themselves for stations of honor and re
 spectability, competitors in various pursuits of
 tbe more favored class, sad through that me
 dium, like valiant pioneers effecting ao open
 ing through which their brethren may safely
 reach tbe goal of human prosperity, —this
 view, to them ia indeed aa cheering as tbe
 “glance of a sunbeam o’er a wmtry desert.”
 Let tbe young men never forget the memo
 ry of their fathers,—those who, in the day of
 small thiogs, have labored hard in the cause
 of bnmaaity. If others foil to appreciate the
 msrit of the colored man, let os cbensh the
 deserted shrine; the names which others oeg-
 I®*** •hoeki only be more sacredly our care.
 Let us keep them for tbe hoped-for day
 ef fall emaaripatios, when ludaeiaed from
 the long aigkt of ignorance that baa rested
 osar os. Ws may recall them to memory, i
 mnollcnißf with gtatitsdo that the stars which
 shone ia our horiaoe, have ushered in a moat
 glorieeadaam.
 Yeung moo should ha snergetic and perse- i
 veriag ie adding «e their stock of knowledge.
 —evaa thmsslves of saxihary aid of eoevaa.
 but bend their own mieda to the task. The
 yoeag hod weld new lean to fly, bymasolj
looking at it* amber, hot, itself makes the
 saempl. eipaah it* »u«g*» Men&gt; »Wt
 into the »of .**paee. Th* highway of
 kuowWgv i*IW fenced to.— th« tobynotb
 of ill the ■'•ton'*’* ran he peaetrated.—
 the MK °i pn*t:y can he invekod, and
 the treasure* of history and biogiapby eiptor*
 rd, tkua, ensbling vm.ng n*en to look to tb«f
 tohitttfd mind- s« ?n s*ntm full of
 the ototirr~T frcit
 Let lb* in pr h *»;l nt »:ie&lt;rtlliw,'
 otkp g«m»l i’v »f ihfii ***»ve» and eats”
 lea ID what they &lt;*.«n fnm e’er* [rtwoj
 veftt; rl is said. Ui.it Edward Everett, the
 (tie Pf«id* n nt Htfritwl llwmMty, in
 prove* every opi**! tunny oj conversing
 with thoee lie on *ume department of
 tbeir trade or calling, and by this mean* daily
 adde to that stock of knowledge which has
 reodered his name so distinguished in the re
 public of letters. Many of the most imp* r
 taut diacoverie* in aeienoe are to bo attributed
 to this trait of observation; individuals taking
 a not* of “men and things/’ which, though
 apparently to many of small import, yet the
 suggestion being pi everted in the memory, laid
 the foundation of rainy a sublime study, pul
 ing knowledge in the bead, and money in tbe
 pocket.
 44 Ike time has come to 'run sad read*
 With thoughtful eye aad brow,
 Cxtend your grasp to catch
 Things uastlsiiicd bet**;
 Plunge in tbe crowded mart
 There read tbe looks of men,
 Give energy to thought,
 By musing as yn move,
 Look outwardly aud /wm;
 Turn inwardly and think.
 And truth and love shall brighter burn
 O’er error’s wasting brink.”
 A few days since, we had the pleasure ol
 greeting a young colored teacher, who had
 made himself familiar with several systems ol
 stenographic and phonographic wiiting, math
 ematics, &amp;c. And, another, the same dai
 was about to leave tbe country, and avail him
 self of the honors of old Oxford college.
 Theee are cheering facts, Thu’ our oppressors,
 may deem knowledge to be a dangerous ele
 ment, in the brain of a coloied men, let tie
 regard it as that power yet destined to win oui
 lost rights. What though certain paths ol
 industry are shut upon us, by American pro
 slavery, thank God, enough are open to gti
 bread by; let us then improve the advantage'
 already at disposal.
 When the Catholic lawyers of England
 were excluded from the Courts, many became
 I doubly eminent as Counsellors and Convey
 ancers. If we ate excluded from the white
 man’s counting house, let us show’ ourselver
 wiser and better than many who pass their
 i lives there.
 It should be a prominent trait with young
 men. to practise that deportment towards the
 young ladies of their acquaintance, as to in
 spire them with a congenial taste for intcllectu
 ol and moral elevation; that i.istead of the
 small talk so generally engaging the socia
 circle, the hours may be sacred to improve
 inent, by the introduction of interesting and
 instructive topics, and thus giving the tone o:
 conversation to those literary gatherings, that
 they may truly deserve the appellation ol
 “mental feasts.” Let young men be devoted
 to the welfare of each brother within their
 sphere, point out his faults (though always in
 the kindest manner,) encourage the merit that
 be may manifest, and be proud in promoting
 his success, not to inflate his vanity but to an
 imate his soul to more persevering efforts.
 It was a young man who first thought of
 propelling a vessel by steam. Harvey was
 but eighteen, when he discovered the circula
 tion of the blood. Sir Humphrey Davy was
 Professor of Chemistry at tweniy-three.
 Pope, at twenty-five nad translated the Iliad.
 Milton’s heat poem was written at the ago ol
 twenty-six. Da Witt Clinton was a young
 man when he projected the noble canal reach
 ing from the Erie to the Hudson, conferring
 such honor and profit on the Empire State.
 Did colored young men but appreciate the
 responsibility vested in them, there would in
 deed be a general uprising all over the land
 a chord would thus be struck, w hich would
 vibrate through the nation, —proscription and
 prejudice would soon hide their guilty heads,
 and the genius of impartial liberty would then
 indeed hail the United States, as her favored
 home. —w. c. N.
 President Taylor ha* taken a pew in an
 Episcopalian church in Washington city— Ex.
 For what purpose To make people be
 lieve that he is a Christian —or to show that
 American Christianity is in league with sla
 very! In either case he wiil probably be
 pretty successful. A time-serving church
 does not scrutinise very keenly the character
 of those m high-places, when they wish to be
 admitted into its fold and the pro-slavery
 character of tbe Episcopalian church ha* al
 ready been so clearly established, that this
 additional proof scarcely majees the fact any
 more apparent j. d.
A.h Interesting Slave Cask. —At the
 recent session of the Cecil Co. (Md.) Court,
 Eliza Bogle and her eight children petitioned
 for freedom. Eliza had lived and acted as a
 free woman for 21 years, without molestation
 by her former owners. Tbe &lt;’-ecil Whig
 gives an interesting outline of the ease, from
 which we learn that tbe Court derided that a*
 Eliza was admitted at oae time to have been
 a slave, and there was no record of her being
 freed by any process known to the law, the
 was a slave until tl»e time f her death, not
 withstanding she was allowed to live away
 from her master. Various other minor point*
 were raised by the counsel for the priaonei.
 Tbe Jury retired at about 8 o'clock on Tura
 dar night, and remained out until about 11
 o'clock ob Friday morning, when they sent
 down a petition to tbe Court praying to be
 released, as they could not possibly agree.
 About this time an arrangement was entered
 into by the counsel for the parties, to this
 effect—that Eltza sad her vouegeet child
 should be declared free, sod that tbe others
 enould be sold in the State, to be free at 36
 years of age.
Misaocai.—The following resolution *u
 adopted by the Senate of Mwoun on the 3d
 mat:
 “Be it Resolved by the General Aaeembh
 of the Stale of Missouri, at follow*; That
 the Constitution of the United State* confer*
 oo Congress no power to legieisieoa the sub-
 Kof Slavery within the Territories of the
 ted States, or to paaa aay lew* affecting
 the rights of peraooaor their property, within
 mtd Tent ones.
 “That the Wiimot Proviso, (so called,) by
 Cooftf** attempt* to prohibit the «x
 »w*oe* of Slavery in certain Ten Hone*, is to
 act unhoused by the Coeetituiios, and thete
 for# void. If it were not ao, it would be an
 fit«*ee*t despotism—the'people oi
 tho Territories have the seme rights of got*
 rrammt over themselves within the Ternto
 nes, that the people of the Sums have ovet
 themselve wahia the Sigfts.”
Tbe T*ely tbe WofM bates.
 **ll is not true that the world hale*
 Tbe modeot *i»d unobtrusive pietv »»rh fills
 tbe heart wuh all human oS.nrme#, and make*
 mo fen tie 10 oihet* at it v'®* to hiinaeif,
 is mi object of uiatr;-*! i&gt; ti renorilwn
 Bat mankind hate tin* I*l*l of power, v irrn jt
 is veiled wider it.* gai*&gt; of piety; they lit,)
 advertisers and quacks n piety. they do not
 choose to ho insulted* tbev love to tear impu
 donee and folly front lh&lt;: slur. &gt;»hieh should
 be a sanctuary for dir- wretched and tl e
 good.”
 This little paragraph by Sidney Smith, has
 been going the round of *lte [yea ot some
 months past, wit heel rurt-j or comment. No
 one seems to have seen anything objectionable
 in it. Lately, however, some of the relig.ous
 papers hare been taking the Rer. author to
 pieces, for saying wrhat was not true, and
 speaking in too high terms of the world’s d:e&gt;
 crimination. A recent number of the Oberltn
 Evangelist gives the following critique h ]t
 a sample of tbe rest.
 44 The world,’ says our author, 4 does not
 hate piety.* We recollect hating seen a de
 ferent view from this, given on at least
 equally good authority. An individual who
 was himself the very tmoersonst on of piety,
 amid to his followers— 4 If the world hate you,
 ye know that it hated int- before it hated sou.’”
 Thia, however, is no reply to Sydney
 Smith's assertion. Jews was not pious, in
 the sense in which that word is used above
 His piety was of a sterner kind. It was not
 unobtrusive —it was not a negation. Piet&gt;
 of tho negative sort, which stands in nobody
 way, offends nobody, is kind and gentle, and
 never tella anyone that be :s doing wrong—
 what is there in this that the world should
 hate 1 Nothing and it does not hate such
 piety. I’her** is a kind of piety which the
 world does hate. and it hates and persecutes
 all who piaclise it. Besides iho sham piety
 of religious quacks, it hates also, the real
 i piety of all who, like Jesus, bear wiluc&amp;s
 against its wrongdoing. Jesus was a re
 former. No one ever uttered more radical
 sentiments than he rtid. No one ever de
 j nouneed in stiongi r terms all hand and hy
 pocrisy, or held up to detestation, in atroiger
 colors, the world’s vmes. And for this he
 was hated, snd persecuted, and killed. It he
 lived in Charleston in the present day, in
 -1 atead of living in Jerusalem eighteen hundred
 years ago—what would happen *He would
 denounce the hypocrisy of the religion which
 j makes long prayers and long faces, and
 I throws the mantle of its protection over the
 man who neglects to do justly. He would
 wither with his scorching rebukes the Scribes
 and Pharisees of the present day. He would
 tell the guilty slaveholder of his vices and his
 wrong-doing. He would preach the doctrino
 of human brotherhood, and ra'se hia voice on
 behalf of the oppressed. And tor doing thia,
 the long faced hypocrites of Charleston would
 call him an infidel hold him up before the
 public, as limit Jewish prototypes did, as a
 man to he shunned and tbe brutish multi
 tude of man-stealers would chase him from
 their city, if they dul not tar-and-feaiher or
 assassinate him.— j. it.
Southern Threats, Ac.
 Calhoun's addiess has called up a few res
 ponses from the more patriotic and alavety-lov
 *.ig of the Southerners. But it is, and haa
 been from the first a very uphill buminess with
 *t. That atilt-born document is now on tho
 verge of being consigned to the “dull cold"
 grave of merited oblivion. The following
 doxology to its honor was recently sung by a
 small congregation of its friends, sponsors,
 and god-fathers assembled in Georgetown,
 S. C.— ‘All sound and fury signifying—noth
 ing Read it; but it will acaicely “repay a
 perusal.”—j.d.
 1. That we w ill heartily unite with our fel
 low citizens ihrougouht the state in conceiting
 measures ufih our c’o states of the south,
 for the maintenance of our rights.
 2. That however we may deprecate section
 al discriminations, we are now forced to adopt
 them. Not we, hm those who assail us are
 responsible for it.
 3. That however ardently we may desire to
 perpetuate a confederacy formed with Mriot
 limitation for the common advantage of ail the
 patties tfl it, we prize far higher our origi
 nal rights of sovereignty and our domestic u
 stitutions.
 4. That the adoption by the federal govern-
 rnent of the measure in n lert nco to the terntr
 ries called the Wiimot Rroviao, would absolve
 us from our federal obligations ami compel u*
 and our c’o slates to resort to such means of
 defence as the great law of self peracvaiton
 mav require.
 T hat we hail as a good augury the man*
 testations of the patriotic and conservative
 sprit w hich pervades our sister states of Vir
 2inia, Maryland, Kentucky, North Carolina,
 Georgia, Florida and Aiabitr.a ou the subject
 of southern, wrongs and will ir.nat readi y yield
 to them, and co-operate with them, n any effi
 cient action for the redress of &lt;ur common
 grevances.
 J hat our thanks and applause arc due and
 are hereby cordially tendered to the delegates,
 signets ot the Address, for their fidelity to tbe
 Constitution and to their country.”— Allan*
 Atlas. 7
Wonderful Escape or a Slave —The
 following remarkable and thrilling account of
 an escape ftom Slavery, for the literal truth of
 w hich the wiiter vouches, we gather from the
 Burlington (Vt.) Courier,of tbe 15th mat.
 A few weeks ago, a slave in a Southern
 city managed to open a correspondent with a
 gentleman iu a Northern city, wuh a view of
 •-dieting an escape from bondage. Having
 arranged the preliininatiea. he paid somebody
 •o box him up. and mark him, “Thia aide op
 with care,” and send him by public convey
 ance consigned to his friend at the North. On
 hoard of a steamboat, he was amd*-ntly turned
 head downward*, and almost died wuh the
 rush of blood to ihe head. In the course of
 his passage however, he was turned right aide
 up again, and after 26 hours confinement, ar
 rived safe at his dt-stmation. On rerieving
 tbe box, tlie gentleman had doub:s whether
 he shook! find a oorj.ae or a living man. He
 •apped lightly on the box, with the question,
 All right.” and was delighted to hear the
 response, “All right, air.” Tbe poor fellow
 was immediately liberated from hia place of
 living buna), and tent to a wealthy Abolition
 ist in a city m New England where he now
 i*. When did Spartan intrepidity show
 greater firmness and fortitude, under bodily
 •offering, than did this poor slave, when an
 mated by the mspinng hope of freedom? We
 ate glad to have assurance that tbit story ia i o
 flight of fancy, but is absolutely true Tl
 fugitive, upon wbr-ee track tbs two-leggrd
 blood-hounds are coursing, wilt never go hick
 *o Slavery, if tbe whole South should come
 alter him.
Tut PaiaiouiT or Liasau —lt will be re
 merebercd that when President Robert* wst in
 r-ngiand, a promise was made to him tbst a
 •esael should be placed at hia disposal for the
 •uppremiuß of the sieve trade on the roast of
 #ur Engliah paper* w* hod the
 follow** paragraph:
 The Lurda of the Admiralty have otdeied
 ihe Larb f a small vessel lying in Chatham to
 be fitted op as a Yacht, for the get of the AfW
 ftepsbHi eftiWrn.— Y. Com. Ado,
