glifonHA.-Morr ■■fnvoroble Awm»U
 l (»e Ne" Orleans Picavone of th- 10th mat.
 r)T following fn«n l correspondent
 jure the explanation given by this writer, oj*
 the gfowm? statement* received from the Sac-
 D.cken* satirised the Elen of the
 !v«l •peculaiou in Martin Choztlewit.
 Here is a fart far mire lugubrious than hi*
 rici &gt;n M en destitute of every principle of
 morahty, anxious only for gain, at whatever
 \.&lt;n»e to ihe welfare of others, liaTe orig
 maif-.i ihos- v.nVment*. They may he found.
 e,i on fi't no doubt, but like other fictions, the
 f a rt *s so c &gt;H*vd and exaggerate a* to boo all
 s uiiginaUqiuraewriitica, and becomes tal*e
 r.-wKi. Tin* summer. it is to be feared, will
 insny .3 »3d u]e of the hardship and suf
 m* qndured by the gold digger* —i P.
 San Fkascisco, Feb. 18, ISIS#,
 Sjppowng a few line* from these digg ng*
 rrur jyruve interev.mg to you, if not io the
 Imlici 1 ava l thyself of the opportunity of
 th 2 departure lor M*zatl*n of the sch**nner
 a allow, one of thi (usteM sailing vessels in
 lie Pacific, to s-rW you ih s. *ith a short »yn
 .j'.'-is of noti.iai y r.octdiides. ss they are.
 fo oun nc icr therefore I will inform von
 tint l arrived here onboard th'* ffhio dag
 »hip yesterday, twenty-eight :u tea from San
 Bias.
 Corn. Jones left about *«n day?* ago up the
 bay.’on boir.l the sloop*of*war (nr I believe
 no* store ship) Southampton, on »u explor-,
 ing expedition, to ace ho*' tar it was praeti I
 cable Urge sbi,* nnv./ale up the hay j
 Witfi safety. Thi* «s a very important matter
 to asc rtain, as the an-h«&lt;ngc ot Verba Burma
 :s bv no m*ans an agreeable on*, and the site;
 tor the grand e.nf«»rm for the Pacific, oneot j
 ihe worst, with a scarcity of water, wood, I
 Verything el*» (s.v\e fog an north-*enters)
 a rxn contribute to tiie happiness of man.
 The accounts from th goiu region »r? both
 fivorable and unfav.iiable. The whole re- j
 gi«»n has been sine November about two feet
 tinder snow, iho real “Hondo has not
 c msequently t»een found, though it is »x
 --.fetedto he stiimb'ed upon every moment
 i'he supplie* of everything arc abundant; in
 deed it does not requify mucli to supply tin*
 sms of U»,OiH» or lo.ibX) men. the most ihnt
 •in now tie concentrated in the v«||ey of the
 Si ram ;tito. A considerable quantity «*f
 Las b *en fount in the. ravines of the S.erra
 Nevada.. It has been poked up. and no*
 itiat the people have to dig for it, they la g n
 to tack out. There is a greal deal of romance j
 ail you heir ftoin C liifornn. and to explain
 :!k whole story:
 The v tilev* of the S.tcrammto Ins f»cen I
 U’.n.'l by about i vent .-eight individuals, j
 who have run out the I mils upon i naginarv
 lines bvs?d u [hi i false ranis obtained from i
 iv. Miclf-liorena since tin* war ended.— i
 l nese f inds cannot be w .rlh anything with
 out p ipu'ation. and the bubble of the gold re- i
 g.o i ii.ta bjen got up more to attract allcntion j
 rue! di.nv emigrants on this side of the Rocky
 Mnn iuins than for any other purpose. There
 nave l*ec i many deserteis from the army and j
 naw, who, led away with the prospect of
 making a fortune, have found “theelephant,”
 and have: written in wishing to compound mat
 ;us nod mini *o duty.—This has been te
 ased them, and the result has been that not
 than a dozen have been hung up between
 heaven and earth for robberies and nssasina
 tinus. —Thus we Lave the Dorado of Califor
 nia. or a picture of it.
 G o. Lane passed through this city a shor
 time ago, on Ins way to Oregon. ’I lie Mam
 iek Ahdel fra3 just anchored, eight dais from
 Columbia River. She reports that the Gov
 ernor had not arrived, and that all was quid
 in Hie couutiy.
 The Gold Diggings as they are called by
 Jack, are prettv much like the game “heads i
 win, nils you lose.” if a man finds an ounce
 of goH, hunger obliges hint to aive it for a
 morsel to eat, so, as on** told me the other day,
 there is no gaining anything.
 There is nothing like a Civil Government I
 here nor do I believe there is a man of sal*
 enongli in him in ali C iliforuia to form a code i
 of la vs. Everybody do. s es lie pleases. and
 Gen. Smith will have a pretty time of it to'
 put things to rights now. By ibis time Cnli-
 f. rnia ought u&gt; he a Territoiy, ai d a Civil
 Governor appointed.—.Vtxc Orhans Pit.
 They see the Difference.
 Tiie Gazette, publislied in lieeliug, a.
 an unusually free-thinking paper for tire lali-
 tude, has an article on Education, in which it j
 compares the advantages enjoyed i*v Southern
 with those of Northern youths. The editor,
 however, ax ho conles-tes in article, is by
 birth a Northerner. Speaking of a company
 ui young men on their w.iv to California, wiiu
 had paid Wheeling a passing visit, be says
 “They lake with them all the elements of
 success energy, peiseverance, sobriety, good
 p actic it common sense, nn tHmotion ncifiiirtd
 i.i th* &lt;&gt;loi iovs frrt s&lt; hoofs of New England
 iiisiitufious conferring largei benefits and rich
 er blessings upon sucii as these young gentle
 men, than all the gold ol California run Id pur
 chase. This was evident enough from their
 g* neial intelligence,evident good habits, man
 ly hearing, noticed generally by our citizens
 r:s they passed about the city and made brief
 acquaintance v. n h all who wished to converse
 wilh them, and their gaud education lullv de
 monstrated lo us by llit 1 *el that a large |*i
 portion of ihe company in the course of the
 morning, while their boat was King at the
 w hatf, came into our office and wrote down
 ihe addresses of fiiends to whom they dcsiieil
 ns io send copies of this paper; run/ one
 as xontt n in a rapid bold, perfectly legible,
 busnv.iS hand. No making of “marks among
 the ho\s from ihe land of Free Schools.
d yet above forty of the fiiiy-two are
 mechanics.
 Tins noble system is but just
 established line; and hau but jusl to
 i iffuxe ifirougfi tfie community, its cheerful,
 log-dispelling hglit; and here are some sup* r
 nnuafed beings born and bred in daikness,
 upon whose weak, mental vision iie beams
 fdl like a blaz •ot hre, who are striving to
 overthrow the system that ail others may he
 compelled to grope on ibiough file, in the
 darkness tn which tbtv theinsehcs delight to
 n* giovel'
 I‘in.r, purblind, old mol«*s, toiling in your
 suhi n rranean precincts, with feeble power
 and te -bler instu cis, to undermine and over
 throw th Temple of the Sun
 l)o you duller your*, be- that you are suffi.
 c ent lo your undertaking 1 Let not *uch de
 .sum iudiu-e vrnt to oveitaFk vonr puny |k»w
 ci« Y**u cannot succeed and if you could,
 \ou uoild but succeed in crushing and bury
ur progeny under the
 lu.nsof ihe fabric you would prostrate.*'
 TheLcg 13uok or Lire. —The following is
 extracted from the journal ».f J’homas Parker,
 ui.o was an active Engiiah naval officer, and
 who died in tins country:
 First jart m the voyage (through life).—
 Pleasant, with fine breeze*and fain winds; all
 -ail s t; s. oke many m war t of provis
 ion* supplied them freclv.
 MidtLe j,tusa ß e.—' Weather variable, short
 of provision*. s;K»k f s *vreal of the afv»ve ves-
 supplies bad; tnshls to refit; made
 Sig ial* of distress; they up hsl.n and bore a
 way.
 Lat'r part. —Boisterous, wub contrarv
 Winds: current of adversity selling t 0 I eward
 towards the *nd of t c passage* it cleared up!
 w;ih the quadram of poverty, hxd an observa
 tion: rorrecied and m»do up mv reckoning, &amp;r:d
 itFir a pa*sageof fifty veare, came u» .nmor
 ihiv road, with the calm Surface of the occfj
 »r Eternity in view.
 A MeltikoTim*. —The N. H. Mirror*»-
 i.mat tain the dressc* of those wfan alter. ded
 toe great Whvg Inspiration Bill *t Washing
 ton, suffered to the amount of $29,000, trom
 ns drupmngs of the spunuu* tpermscstt esu-
 Oirsn.
Communications.
Heetisf is IfetrYsrk.
 At a Urge meeting of the ettneoa of New
 York, held at Shiloh Presbyterian church, oo
 Friday evemog April 20th, 1849; Rev. James
 N. Gloucester wis called to tbe chair, sod
 James MeCune Smith appointed Secretary.
 The chairman introduced lo tbe meeting
 Frederick Dougiam. Esq., who addressed the
 audience in a speech distinguished by unusual
 force and beautv. Having mentioned the dif
 ficulty he fell m addressing a mixed audience
 of hite and colored petsooa, be enforced tbe
 necessity of constant anu-elavery effort, oo
 the ground* that truth* simple in themselves
 require the most constant and frequent an
 nouncement in order that they excite right ae.
 non in the heart of mankind. Then starting
 from the doctrine that a nation's great men are
 the indices of that nation's moral standing, be
 |H»urtrayed the American coo science from the
 manifestations of character, on the part of
 Calhoun, Clay, and Taylor. Mr. Clay's last
 1 letter he pronounced eloquent, hot full of io
 consistencies—pious, but blasphemous full
 of beautiful sentiments, but diabolical princi
 ple*—oveiflow ing with love of humanity, but
 full of deep hatred against the negro. He
 i grew so caustic in his analysis of General j
 Taj lor, that a few of the weaker sort dtssol-1
 I vtd out and left tbe meeting; a fine burst of
 eloquence brought down prolonged cheers
 from the immense assemblage.
 At the conclusion of his remarks, Charles}
 Lenox Rcmond, Esq., was loudly called for, i
 and came forward %nd made a happy appeal in j
 j behalf of the North Star; coneluding by offer-
 mg a Resolution in favor of sustaining the
 cause.
 J. MeCune Smith then offered the follow
 ing resolutions, which were unanimously a-
 J opted.
 Resolved, That the colored citizens of the
 city of New "kork, welcome Frederick Doug
 lass into their midst.
 Resolved, That the North Star, publish
 ed at Rochester. N. Y., and edited by a
 freedinan, is living proof of the fitness of
 daves for Liberty and Enfranchisement.
 Resolved. That the sacrifices made by
 Frederick D &gt;ugla&amp;is in supporting the North
 Star newspaper, and the gieat ability he has
 displaved in editing the same, entitle him to
 ihe cordial support of the friends of freedom
 throughout the world.
 Resolved, That it is the special duty of the
 free colored citizens of these United States to
 support the North Star, as the defender of
 their cause, and that of the slave.
 Mr. George P. Dow ning then offered a re- j
 soluiion.which was adopted, for the appoint
 ment of a committee of ten, to act as agents
 in soliciting subscriptions for the North Star, i
 The following committee was nomina:ed
 and appointed, viva voce. George P. Down-1
 ing, Mrs. P. Bowers, Jonas B. Townsend,'
 Mis. M. Thompson, William A, Tyson,
 Mrs. C. B. Ray, John J. Zuille, Tennis G. j
 Campbell, Mis. J. M. Smith, Peter W. Ray.
 An anti-colonization meeting was announ-j
 ced for Monday evening, April 23rd, by the
 Rev. J. W. C. Pennington, the pastor of the
 church.
 Cash collected, and subscriptions paid, $3O
 James M. Gloucester, Chairman, j
 J. McCcneSmith. Sec. j
Florence Association.
 Mr. Editor: —At a meeting of the citizens j
 of Rome, (without distinction of color.) held
 at Tibbat’s Hall, on the 30th, day of March.;
 Deacon Steadman in the chair, Mr. Myers
 addressed the meeting with the happiest result,
 in his ofPtiand style of speaking; and the ir.er- i
 chants of our place pledged themselves to:
 take all the lumber which we brought to this
 market, and pay us cash, at cash prices.
 There was a gentleman present, who stated
 that he was well acquainted with the lands in
 the town of Florence, and that the land was I
 good tn raise grain, and stock of all kinds and
 that he was willing to certify to it.
 At the close of the meeting, the following
 resolutions were adopted;
 Resolved, That we the citizens of Rome,
 having daily communications with the citizens
 of Florence, and knowing that the lands of
 Florence are good for grain, &amp;c., v\e give
 our aid with pleasure towards forwarding the
 i orence Association to the successful tet
 'i ination of that glorious enterprize; also,
 Resolved, That we having but a limited
 acquaintance with Mr. Stephen Mvers, the
 general agent of the association, but having
 fo'nd all his statements, and transactions in
 regard to the association to be fair and honor
 aide, we c an place implicit confidence in his
 woid, and therelore recommend him to the
 colored citizens of Oneida countv; also.
 Resolved, That we tender Mr. S. Myers
 our best thanks for explaining to us in such a
 clear manner, the plans of the Florence farm
 ing Ass»»cialion; also,
 Resolved, That the proceedings of this
 meeting be published in the North Star,
 Rochester Impartial Cmien, Syracuse—
 and the Ami-Slavery Standard, New York.
 Deacon Steadman. Pres.
 Thomas Johnson, Sec,
 Rome, March 31st, ISI9.

 I Friend Dolglass: —As the question i?
 frequently asked us why we do not go where
 slavery exists, and lecture there on the sub
 ject, and we are as frequently told, that the
 people at the North are all abolitionists. 1
 will give yon the character of some of them
 as illustrated a few nights ago in Spencerport
 Sunday April 15th, I lectured to a large audi
 ence in the Presbyterian church at Adams Ba.
 !&gt;in, the meeting was opened with a prayer
 from Mr. Ball. Monday, 16th, I §j&gt;oke at
 ihe Methodist church on the Lyle toad, in the
 town of Gates. The audience was not very
 Urge, hut evidently quite Whigginh. An old
 man, a worthy member of the church to
 which he belongs, but would r.ot be in a
 Christian church or decent society, said it was
 too hard for tbeir wives and families to be ob
 liged to sit and hear me tell of the brutality
 of the slaveholders and their abettor*,
 i la it right that we should submit to these in
 dignities I I* it easier to bear the infliction
 the rod than it is to administer it* Where is
 the wrong of slavery 1 Is it in our telling you
 your wickedneaa, or your continuance in it.
 I A Mr. t'oaser, Whig magistrate placed
 i oIJ Zaek behind General Washington,
 (then dared me to tonch him. Failing to
 'drawsout others to bis assistance, ha told me
 that egga, bricks, and atone* should be my re
 ward, if 1 dared to give utterance to auch sen
 timents in Spencerport as I had attend there.
 Tuesday, 17th, I lectured to a large audience
 ■»f manly persona, ltn the briek School House
 on the Lyle road.
 Wednesday, I6(b, 1 went to my appoint.
 Spencerport. The meetteg was held
&lt;in the Method** church. Tho todioogg mm
 large, bet very disorderly; they turned like
 serpents, and stamped their Me tike asses
 Seeing they were displeased with ay remarks
 I asked to be corrected, if I had firia artier*
 ar.ee to a single sentence that was Dot tree.
 The reply was, we hate come to hear yon talk
 about aiavery. “Thai, (said I) is the vary
 thing 1 am doing, if wt had no slaveholders
 me should have no slaves, I am disnssaisg the
 character of a slaveholder. in the President of
 the I'nited States. If slavery is a disgrace,
 upon whom rests the disgrace? Do yen make
 stakeholders more honorable by having them
 j to rale over you. or do yon make yourselves
 j less booorable in choosing them 1 You may
 call good evil, and evil good, bat they
 will ever rrir.sn the same. That which
 Ch»d and humanity have cuised, let no man
 call good. Ia it a crime for me to love my
 country 1 Have I shown bitterness of feeling
 m speaking to you! Are yon not guilty of
 all that I have accused you? Have I asked
 you f»w gold and silver, or have I naked yon
 to take your feet off the necks of three mil
 lions of your countrymen, whom yon have so
 long oppressed for this you threatened to
 stone me, wheie is your *yini«tby? is it with
 ibe oppressed ot the oppressors! Dare you
 call youraelve friends to your country, who
 have elected to the highest office in the gift
 of tbe nation, a man in whom yon could see
 nothing but blocs], rapine, and rubbery?—is
 the battle field the place for men tn learn acts
 of humanity, and have instilled into them the
 principles of peace? Is the slave mart the
 piaoe for men to learn to deal justly, love mer
 cy, and w alk humbly before God? If these
 things are true, why am I to be stoned for
 idling them. It may be painful to your ear*
 to hear them, but far more painful to us who
 who are made to endure them. I came among
 you to speak for the dnmb—the cruahed and
 the bleeding slave; I pointed out the new
 links in their chains that you had forged and
 for this act of justice and humanity, you bar
 red your doors against me, and in violation of
 your law you tried to gag me, heaause I dared
 to call Zach. Taylor th:it old and skilful
 murderer and cradle plunderer, a disgraced
 man; but if God spares my life and strength—
 You ahall h ive him in Florida with his bloodhounds
 training.
 And in Mexico tiie veins of his innocent victims
 dn*ini"g;
 You shall have him ready and rough,
 Until you repent and cry—Enough!
 Thursday, 17th. being unable to obtain a
 house in Spencerport to lecture in, I went to
 Ogden. Here I stopped with an aged lady,
 whose heart was larger than her fortune. On
 learning that I had a horse, she enquired of
 her daughter how much money there was in
 her purse. She answered “five shillings.”
 “It is enough, let him take his horse to the
 Tavern to he fed,” she replied. I thanked
 her, and told her my mission was not to rob
 widow’s house?, and for a pretence make long
 prayers, but to cry out against these wrongs.
 In the evening, I spoke in the School House
 to a small audience, the General’s friends did
 not pay me a visit. JOHN S. JACOBS.
Romantic, rather —An incident in real
 life has lately benn the subject of common
 talk in this quarter and in giving it a wider
 publicity, we are not conscious of dome
 wrong; indeed, those who have requested to
 see it ,in print,’ may charge us with neglect
 ing to furnish the ‘news,’ if it is withheld.
 Weshalhherefore give an outline of the
 storv. as told to us, leaving the reader to color
 it with the rosy hues of fancy. A woman at
 Herring River, whose husband is a sailor, had
 seen the appointed time for her partner’s arri
 val home, pass hy without his return. One.
 two, three, fonr years pa««rd, and still he
 came not. Whether ‘hope defereu’ made the
 heart of the expectant one sick, or not, may
 perhaps he learned ftom the sequel. Tired of
 her single blessedness, however, she again
 plightpd her troth to a secnnd wooer, and
 everything seemed to bid fair for th consumma
 tion devoutly to he wished. On Sunday last,
 their‘intention’was duly posted hy the town
 clerk. During the same day, however, the
 long-absent husband returned to disappoint the
 anticipations of one at least of the parties con-,
 cerned. It appears that the man’s detention
 abroad was occasioned by incarceration in a
 Southern prison, on a chatge of endeavoring,
 to free a slave. In his account of the matter.!
 he savs that the mate of the vessel in which
 he was coming home, secreted a slave on
 hoard: that in leaving the harbor, the craft got
 aground, and acfng under the impression that
 the vessel would he visited and a search made
 for the runaway, the mate told the captain that
 the narrator had enticed the slave away.
 Thereupon, the two latter were ordered to he
 nut on shore, and given up to the authorities.
 Ottr hero, being a colored man. was at once
 provided for bv the hoxpitahfe Southerners;
 and for three long years ihe walls of a dun
 geon enclosed him. preventing all communica
 tion with his friends. ITn now arrives home
 with an enfeebled bodv; and we trust his state
 of destitution will excite the commiseration of
 those of his neighbors who are able to make
 him comfortable. —Sandwich (Vass.) Obtrrev.
Flooring in the New York State Prts
 os.—Bv the State act of D&lt;‘cember, 1847-
 the infliction of any hlows whatever upon a
 convict except in eelf-de cnee; or to suppress
 a revolt or insurrection. was strictly forbidden.
 The Inspectors have given the milder system
 of discipline, without the infliction of hlows. a
 full and fair trial. They now declare that it
 has proved entirely successful. Disobedience
 and disorder have not resulted from the dis
 continuance of the use of the cat. Tn neither
 of the States Prisons has the discipline been
 relaxed, hut on the contrary exhibits an evi
 dent improvement. Men labor more cheer
 fuMv, peform s greater amount of work, lesa
 frequently violate the rules, and become more
 huraaniv/'d rather than htutabred in their feel
 ings. whil» the necessity for inflicting punish
 ment at all becomes greatly diminished.
A SArruDAV's New Moo* a Wit One.—
 Dr. Foster. of Bruges. has made a cnmmnni
 ratinn to the Rnval Astronomical Society. in
 which he declares that the journal* of the
 weather kept hv his grandfather, father, and
 himaelf, ever since 1767, to the present time,
 whenever the new moon has fallen on a Sat*
 nrdav. the following twenty davs have been
 wet and windy in nineteen cases ontoftwenrv.
 This is undoubtedly a curious fact, and it will
 he rendered still more so should the neat
 nineteen out of twenty prove the reverse.
 There will be a new moon on Saturday, the
 24th of Match. Meteorologists, be on tha
 look out!
Madam* Darasmovt. better know ss the
 celebrated “Fanny Wright,” has been in town
 for several days past, purchasing farming im
 plements and other matters for stocking her
 extensive plantation in Teneseee. She is now
 engaged in a landable effort »o work a refor
 mation in tRe ruinous avstem nfeuhnre which
 retards the growth of all Slate regions, and
 ifanvbodv can bring about auch a devoatlr-io
 be-wished-for consummation *ha is just ihe
 i woman to do it. Sho is a ptodtgy of energy and
 OMerpttse, and an example of thomngh-going
 determination worth* the attention of ’ho ster
 ner sex. Mona Daraamont. we understand,
 fa in Europe selecting stock for thoTennesee
 plantation, among which he will aeenre som*
 of the famous A lapse* sheep, which it is aep
 pooed can he aoceeasfoN* raised in that lari.
 tade.~Ck*fun**fi Dt»
Monual, April SB.
 The Governor General case don is the
 Legislative Chamber yealerrfar. and gave the
 rwj*! ascent to Um hill aoihornuag the pay
 amt ef the indemnity far kuea sal need dm
 the rebelUne. On leatnag PiHaatot
 Hnuae be was pelted by the nob, who were
 ebidly Orangemen, «w bewd to tetire to bit
 residence io the country.
 la the evening, the Assembly benaf in tea*
 ■on, a about from the outride gave iatiamtma
 of* a riot.—The windows of the Puitaaest
 beddings were broken in, and the Legislators
 compelled to retreat Whole valleys of stones
 were thrown in at the windows. When the
 nob took pome ston, the members retreated to
 the Library, and behind the speaker's ehair.
 The rioters carried off the mate, broke down
 the gas lights, ooe took ponsesrisn of the
 Speaker’s chair, soother muttered iambic
 about dissolving Parliament, sad the rest were
 engaged in break mg down benches, and des
 iroiyng furniture. Haring demolished the uttari
 or of the building,it waa fired from the Mc-
 Gill street side, and in a abort time became a
 mam of ruins, with a valuable Library, and
 Legislative records. Other bowers adjacent
 were abonxuot. Sergeant-at- Aram Ghiahahn
 was struck at with clubs.
 Sir Allan McXab Guy, Messrs. Robinson.
 Bagley, and Stevenson, were the last in the
 House, and tried to save some of the books,
 bat rould not.
 H&lt;«. George Moffatt, hairmin of the
 British League, and many others, are under
 airest on charges of high treason.
 Tbe Parliament House waa is the heart of
 the city, in which ate barracks containing sev
 eral regiments of regulars. This ipw«.i.b «ll
 is quiet. —Boston Atlas.
 Movtbcal, April 98—7 o'clock, P. M.
 The entire archives, Library, and other
 contents of the Parliament Hoase, are destroy
 ed—the mace, which is tbe emblem of Majes
 ty* was borne off by one of the mob in tri
 umph. Aa he was going down stairs, Mr.
 Chisolm, the sergeant-at Arms caught bold of
 it, and nearly succeeded in rescuing it but
 two or three of the party came to the rescue,
 tfruck the Sergeant with clubs, and compelled
 him to relinquish his hold.
 Several arrests have been made for arson
 and high ireason, and tbe prisoners have been
 escorted to jail by a detachment of tbe 19th
 Regiment, and an immense mob. It is ru
 mored that there will be a “jail deliver?” to
 night.
 A memorial to His Excellency Sir Benja
 min Dunbar, praying him to order the troops
 to remain in quarters and leave the people to
 settle their own affairs, is in course of signa
 ture- and will be sent down with a deputation
 to Sorell to-night-
 A mass meeting takes place in the Champ de
 Mars at S o'clock to-morrow.
 The Hon. George Moffat is to be the chair
 man.
 fhe French are enr&lt; II ng themselves as a
 bodyguard to protect Lord Elgin.
 Despatches have been sent by telegraph to
 the upper provinces. The government at
 tempted to gain possession of the Canada tele
 graph wires for the day, but were promptly
 denied them.
 Montreal, April 30, 1849.
 The entrance to the Assetndly was guarded
 by soldiers; some of the members complained
 that the troops refused to let them pass into the
 House, and Mr. Holmes comp'aineci that he
 had been attacked by the mob, but that he had
 no difficulty in getting by the troops.
 From the Montreal Herald Extra.
 On the House going to present the address,
 voted on Satuaday, to the Governor, showers
 of stones were thrown at the members over
 the heads of the soldiers, Capt. Wetenhall,
 who was mounted on a white charger, and
 Mr. Le Blani, were the magistrates present.
 The latter proceeded to tead the riot act,
 which he drew from his pocket, being a small
 piece of paper; but. in our opinion, before he
 could read more than two lines, the order was
 given for the troops to charge, which they did,
 the crowd falling back in double quick time.
 No damage was done, and tbe crowd teturned
 shortly after and gave the soldiers three
 cheers. The members of the Assembly re
 turned to the House soon after adjourned. A
 long pause occurred in the street while the
 Governor&gt;vas within.|wh!ch was divers Tied by
 several small street fights at the foot of lanes
 and streets, and running from Notre Dame
 street to the river side. The people still ex
 pected in vain the egress of the Governor Gen
 eral.
 At length the troops were ordered to
 right about face, and the men in the street
 first learned by that signal that the Gove nor
 General had left ihe Government House. They
 were immediately on the alert, and with that
 instinctive decision with which street crowds
 discover their object, learned in a moment that
 instead of returning through Notre Dame
 street to Place des Armes, the carnage had
 proceeded in the other direction, and waa le
 velling at a most rapid rate through Shelbrooke
 street. Some bf the persons who were stand
 ing about Gosford street were of course
 aware of what w as going on and these followed
 the carriage as speedily as possible—others
 took cabs, calashes and everything that would
 run. It was a chase. At length his lordship
 was overtaken at Molson’s corner. At this
 point a furious attack was made with stones on
 the carriage, (he back of which was complete
 ly smashed; and its course, which appeared
 at first to be directed by way of Sherbroke,
 street, was changed to the road which goes
 round back of the mountain.
Annexation Repudiated.—ln the Canada
 Legislature, on Saturday last, while the Tanff
 question was under discussion, the subjeet of
 annexation was casually alluded to, Mr. Blake
 Sohcitar Genera., spoke as follows.
 He deeply regretted that such a proposal
 should have emanated from any political par
 ty, or from any section of the Province. The
 darkest day for Canada would be that on
 which the last of llte British troops should
 leave her shores. He trusted that he should
 never see that day, and he believed the senti
 ments he had uttered would he responded toby
 er *ry Hon. Member of the House.
 This speech was received with loud cheers
 from all quarters of the House, sod as Mr.
 Blake is one of the disaffected party, it is con
 clusive that Canada is not yet ripe for
 tiou front England.
Kidnapping.—The Denton (Md Journa
 says that on the night of the 6th tnct. an atro
 cious outrage was committed in Caroline Co.
 The circumstances are aa follows.
 Three free negro youths, a girl sod two
 boy*, were kidnapped and taken from the
 country with intent toaell them to the Sooth.
 Theii names are Margaret Davis, Hubbard,
 and James Clarkson. They had been hired
 for a few days by Mr. James T. Wooters, near
 Denton, for the ostensible purpose of cutting
 eorn-a*alks. After being a da* or two in Mr.
 Wooter’a employ, they suddenly disappeared,
 and no one euuld learn aught of their wherea
 bouts.
 A suspicion of their being forcibly kiodap*
 ped soon took poaseasioa of the public mind,
 sod inquiry being set oo foot, it eras, after
 some days, discovered that they had been
 secretly earned through Huntington Creek, to
 wards Worcester county, thence to 'Virginia.
 W* learn that the negroes are now in Nor
 folk. Efforts are being made to return them
 to their parents. Several others are implica
 ted with Mr. Wootnfa ia Ibis outrage, one of
 whom, Mr. Parker of Keel county, negro
 dealer Tba officers are now on the look eet
 for Wnours sod others, who axe supposed to
 have engaged in the kidnapping.
 ExKiciac.—The London corr*poodnat of
 the Nstioosl Intelligencer *n*s:
 •‘The way English ladies five ia the open
 air. the daily faugee they eadera. sad the
 pleasure they fed ia it, would astonish sunaa
 of the dnlicaie da«»ea near *oe; eoi Boie, how
 ever, than the healthy faal ngi sad good looks
 they raaf from# woalf
Commercial.
Recamta. May 1, ISffiE
 Tha anra hy the Cambria shows aa advanaa ia
 dm prion af hraafiatafb ia bghad. TVara have
 bat few afca eg FVar hare. Goaaaaa aafla at W;
 extra farmnfa are higher far retail trade. Them a
 hat I iris mem meat in Wheat. Tee street price is
 9tjBs to |I4- fhu from wagons act! at 28e;
 Cara 44c; Potatoes M*sfc, Maw Ptok |H*
 •Riper Egg* are ararm and ia goad desnaafi
 at 14r.
Kecked «t Wholesale Pncee Carte at.
 FLOUR *»D MEAL—Duty »fr adral
 Floor. V Md 5 OMSM
 Cora JLl.pbmib 44
 PROVlSlONS^—Duty;Be«f.Pofk,Hatoa, Bacnw.
 Reiser smd lard. 33 P c CVusw 30 P c ad val
 Pork, (wmm) *»••J *f 2J
 Do. m hog {J®
 Beef, ewt- *f m
 Do. bhL (mem) 7 30 J••
 Lard (tried) ft •*1 J
 do (w.)
 Hams, (smoked) J
 Shoulders, do. 5
 Tmfafjarffi
 Chickeas 64
 Potatoes, bask. 38 0.. 3d
 GRAIN—Doty; SO e ad val
 Wheat, bash 1»*
 Corn ®..44
 Rye
 Oats
 Barley 50 80
 HIDES—Duty; sfc adral;
 Slaughter
 cIT
 Sheep Peks i r 4» 74
 SEEDS—Duty; Linseed 14 Mustard r
 c ad val
 Clover 3 71 ft 00
 Timothy 200 dl 250
 Flax 1 «0
 FlSH—Dutyoafraraigncaught; 20»cad val
 Whitehall bbi 6 75
 Codfish cwt 3 00
 SUNDRIES—
 Sak, IjW I 25
 Apples, r bush .37
 Do. dried '4 tiNJ
 F.ggs, rdot 10
 Beans, tf bosh 0 75
 Hay, r too 7 00 11 00
 Hard wood 3 00
 Soft Wood
It i&gt; t&gt; er 11 semt n t s.
JOB PRlimifG.
 THE NORTH STAR OFFICE, is fuminhed
 wit new Job Type, for the execution of even
 descrintioo of Printing with neatness and despatch
 atthc lowest prices for cash, via:
 Hand-bills, Blanks, Bill-heads,
 Programmes, Circulars, Bills of Uding,
 Pamphlets, Cards, Labels, Ac.
NARRATIVE OF THE LIFE OF FREDER
 ICK DOUGL ASS, written by himself, to be
 had at this office, price 30 cents.
Antislarpry office andßeadiigßoom,
 As. 25 Buffalo St. Roc/utter, opposite the Arcade.
 THIS office Has been newly stocked with the
 latest and best works on slaVery and other moral
 questions. Among them are the Young Abolitionist
 —Poverty its illegal causes and legal cure—The
 Power of Kin loess—The Branded Hand—History
 of the Mexican war—Theodore Parker’s Ser
 mon on J. Q. Adams—do on the Mexicau war
 do his letters to the People of the United States—
 The Chitrrh as it is or the Forlorn hope of Slavery
 —Despotism in America, and Arrhy Moore.
 I intend to have in connection with office a Cir
 culating Library, aa soon as I can get a sufficient
 number of useful and instructive books of a moral
 and-scientific character.
 JOHN S. JACOBS.
Asylum for the Sick who hare been con
 fined to their beds from lto2o years.
 DR. HAMILTON’S Hydropathic and Anya lytic
 Asylum, No 217 Exchange Street, opposite'tlte
 Orphan Asylum, Rochester, N.Y. This Institution
 is now firmly established and in ooccersful opera
 tion. The proprietor analyzes every disease that is
 i admitted there, and applies the natural and appro
 i priate rwnely. Although water is used in every way
 j that is applied in any water-cure establishment in
 I the United States, yet the proprietor wishes it to hi
 j expressly understood that it is not relied on as the only
 or principal remedy in the treatment of disease sub
 j mined to his care.'
 This Establishment is designed fi&gt;r that o|
 i invalids who have tailed to obtain their health by all
 oilier systems of practice, and are still unable to
 walk or stand on their feet, and are confined to their
 oeds, wearing out a life of misery and fullering with
 qut any hope of ever being any better.
 The remedies made use of in this Institution not
 only entirely remove disease but give increased
 strength and elasticity to the system. Many have
 i been brought bere from different parts of the conn
 j try, who had neither walke&lt;l or borne their weight
 i on their feet from five to fifteen years; and some
 who have been unable to dress or undress, or even
 to feed themselves, and in the course of a few weeks
 j would Le walking with the elasticity of youth amt
 the quickness of a pedestrian, astonished at them
 selves, and surprising their friends and all who saw
 tliem when they first came. The treatment of this
 Institution is particularly calculated to remove the
 diseases peculiar to females, such as
 Ist. The falling of the Womb, it* all its stages
 and conditions in patients, from twelve years of age
 up to sixty, and even if they have been confined to
 their beds from one to twenty, unable to stand, walk,
 dress, or undress themselves or even too feeble to
 bear any noise or speak aloud.
 2d. Weakness and Falling of the Bowels; Pain
 in the Side, Shoulders, Back ami Head* Spinal
 Diseases, Liver Complaints, Sinking Sensation at
 the Stomach, Palpitation of the Heart, Dyspepsia
 in alt it* forms and stages, Piles, Costiveness, Di
 j arrboea. Suppression of the Menses, Excessive
 i Menstruation, Whites, all Nervous Diseases, Cold
 Feet and 'ands, St. Anthony’s Dance, Tellers of
 all kinds. Salt Rheum, in iis wmst forms*, Neural
 j gia, Tic Douloureux. Rheumatism, Consumptiod in
 iu fiist stages, General Weakness and Debility.
 The proprietor has given his whole attention to
 the altcve diseases for the last leu tears, and has
 I treated them in an entirely diflen-nt way from any
 I other private practice or public Institution in thin
 j corn try; and such has been his snccess, and so r«r-
 I tain an- his remedies in their effect* QQjbo»e dis
 j eases, that instead of publiahiag a long fiaTof cer
 tified cures, he withe* to give that class of invalids
 seeking to oirtain their health a snfiirfeof guarantee
 against any false pretensions, exaggeration, impo
 sition or deception, so tltat no one need be to *nv
 expense in this Institution w ithout being banefitmf.
 The proprietor will enter into a special contract
 with any one who wishes to do so, that lie will ml-
 I nut into the Institution, to advance tbs money an
 pay all the expenses from any part of the United
 fit tee here and beck home again, before he com
 mences the treatment, and give a bond to hoard them,
 io.&lt;ether with his prof-»• tonal services, for nothing,
 i if he doe* not help them according to contract. Any
 I one thinking the above proposition not a sufficient
 guarantee against misrep e-entatMxu and expense
 1 without receiving equal lenefit, can let the propoe-
 I tor know what ill be satisfactory, and it shall be
 I duly eo aidered.
 This Institution has grown op from private prac
 tice fay the iniarnee of those who have been helped
 here, as nothing bee ever beeu published before
 and dm proprieue- mesne that it shall sustain itseL
 by it* owu merits, or pey the expense of those who
 1 choose to make a omt act in case of failure. The
 1 design of due Circular is not to make known the
 euree that here been made in this because
 they must soap be hdiyvnd, but fo let it he more
 extensively kadwn to the poor aufltriM invalids
 that here spent haadreds of dollnra in Crying all
 other systems of practice, and without much or anv
 benefit, and still remain confined to their beds from
 five to twenty years, that damn is an Institution
 whose treatment is dififcraot from any other one the
 United Scales, and is particularly adapted to their
 situation, and can have it cost them enihiag unless
 they are materially benefited.
 From (he nature of treatment ia this Institution,
 the namber of patients must bn limited, thnrefbie the
 proprietor does aU solicit Urn patronage of skntiiaud
 ordinary one* which may bn easily helped Ijj «-tber
 fYUMf oi prvtictj ®or don bt tt&gt;o( §mr ofttt to
 S-T-fa-Cfa,
 to bn mndn wdl smart to wait from five is tweetv
 mike at a lime, and fisflow it np day after dnv in
 mere—ion; and alao wiling to ha aadaahfe to ta
 jura as much labor aad fougue at cm u moo fe
 that cal themselves well, as ha awaaa tlmt mrr
 eaa that faaa ihmuga a ihoroayh eutna oftreauoart
 ia fan Analytic laotitmma show by th«r ia
 creased strmmth. ef muUmm, Jfrmaea* of
 'mxanra. capwUlity U tmdaraaca. and moored
 I benhh, that thetrantamat ia this lauitauee isfoond
 ad aa tha aattwal law* of nsyj nod
 "mj «har difr;
 farent rymarn of proet on.
Sev Witch I2&lt; Jewelry «#re.
 JOHN KEDZIE kuvmc ehuugud fas gmrt-ership
 refauows, has removed hi* n u
 North to No. 11, Stole Street, where fatfa |«e|mf«l
 tort nil ta name .a the mfa-f to «toi&lt;e new
 Stock of Gwds. roswrsesag of Gt4d ami Sdver
 Eugluh, Aasrhor, Ikcrto ul awl Vertical alclwu, j
 GuU Guard ami Fob Chams. Grdl Stoh aad Keys, j
 Gold aad Silver Pewrik. Spector*r» aswi ThiasWr*.
 Gald Ear-ILags, BracetrO. axt Rfaw-Ri»t»—
 gwd aasartmewt. cheap; a varwiy L» lie*’ ami
 Ueutkmra’s Breast-Puw, arw style; dtwdde aad
 sfafk Huatiaf aad pkted Lodtots. Gobi Pews,
 first if—lit i. Silwr aal Sfitß (\ah ami Cases.
 Fiae Cadrry, kr, far.
 The above aad a variety of othrr »h »iral4e Guods J
 usually kept ia our twines*, are offered on more »&lt;i- j
 ruwtagr m» term* than usual; aad it is partirobriy
 drewed that the goods should tw examine.l, ami
 iwicna ascertained, before perchasiog else where in
 this market.
 We rmanfarture ami keep no hand a good assort
 meat af Silver Spoons, warranted as pure as Am- j
 ricao caw.
 Will also keep an aasartment of Accwrdeon* aad
 other Musical lustiumrnu, which will be told very
 low.
 We intend to keep n good assortment of tho best
 Brans Eight-day, Rl hoar, and ah rum Clock#, as can
 be found in this city.—CaH and see them.
 WATCH REPAIRING, faithfiilly doM and war
 ratoed by an experienced workman.
 Farther pnrticuhrs at No. 11 State Stem.
 J. KF.DZIE fa Co. I
 f. 9.—To the Farmers in particular we wwild
 give notice, that we hare a variety of Bamoietera
 which will give that knowledge of the changes of the
 weather, so as t be able to a kjpt his lass iocs* to its j
 variations. Pl&lt; as nil and examiue them, as ev**-»
 ought to ha e ooe.
 Sep. 15. IS4B. «n.
DR. A. CLARK,
 DENTAL SURGEON.
 1 would respectfully inform the citizens of Rochester
 and sorroua Rng country, that I tuse remove.t my
 office train No. 89 Smith's Area. is u. uiv dwelling
 house No. 92 Monroe Street.
 1 hankfhl (or past favors ia the line of ray profes
 sion, ami flattering myself that I can give perfect
 to ail who may favor with their pa
 lrore| _ e I would invite all those wb-» are &lt;ie
 nrkawint operatioos performed on die teeth or
 ia ^l to CaH .m me and satiny
 U m^’e A. CLARK.
 N. B. AH operations performed L
 ttoth and Plate Work warranted.
 Rocitester, Oct. 13, 1848.
Grand Celebration.—Freedom's
 Annial Jnbilee.
 r PHE Anniversary of West India Emancipation,
 1 w ill he cclei rated at the ciiy of Buffalo, 0 tin-
 First day of August next. Grand and extensive
 preparations are being made to make it one of tlte
 most Irilliant affair* up&lt;m record. A general in
 vitation is given to all Froe lom’s Friends thr.nivb
 «&gt;nt the Slate an I elsewtierc.
 Coins one! come all!
 GEORGE WEIR. Jr.,
 Soc'y of Coinmutce of Arrangement.*.
WAIT J. LF WIS, Laml Su f.yor, Keene, Essex
 County, N. V. Owners ol Land in the Coun
 ties of Essex, Franklin, or Hamilton, can have their
 Lands Surveyed on reasonable terms.
THINKS! THINKS!
 TMIE first quality of article is to be had at LAING
 A BOX NELL’S new Establishment, No. 59,
 ■State Btreet, Rochester. Also a general assort
 ment of Valises, Travelling Bags, hr., which are
 offered at the very lowest prices for Cash.
 Ciuriage Trimming executed in the latest style
 and with dirpatch, by J. T. Laing, at his old stand
 »n State Street, opiwsite' the Mansion House.
 J. T. L. I laving had extensive experience in die
 Eastern markets, hopes to give satisfaction to a
 generous public who shall favor him with their pa
 Ironage. I
 Rochester, July 14, 1848. 3m
AUBURN and ROCHESTER
 RAIL-ROAD
 /"tHANGE IN TIME.—I he traius will commence
 to leave Rochester to-day at the fallowing time
 Eastward—at 124 11 a. and 7j r. w.
 Westward—at 2i M., 44 m., md -lj r. ,u.
 Roclie.-ter, December 5, 1848.
The Old (urosily Shop,
 -ill No 48 Exifumge Street
 LLOYD SCOTT, gratetot for 1...
 awarded him, would respectfullv inform his
 friends ami the puli'ie generally, that lie has recently
 enlarged his eht.ibli.-lnnent ami augmented his stock
 of Men n, Women’s, and Children’s. New and
 &gt;ec°nd hand appare. 11 af liiim t. this dopart
 inent he wiil hoy am sell House and Store Furni
 ture, Books, Jewelry, Fancy articiei, Mechanical
 and agriculiuial implement.*, and indeed ail those
 various &lt;yids ami ends” of uhicb tuay not be
 readily obtained at ether places, it is his intention
 to, keep Ibe Old Curosity Shop” well fiirni-heu
 v illi an endless variety of articles far which he will
 |jay lilrerally and dispose ol at satisfactory prices.
 Clothin4 repaired ami renovated with neatness
 and despatch.
 Dont fnget “The Old Curosity Shop.
 Rochester March 1849.
and at
 Ralph Francis’* &amp;akH&gt;u, finder the Engie
 Butlalo-street jui 14—8 m
CHARLES JO\i S, North Star House, No. 26,
 North Street, between Fifth and Sixth, and
 Market and Arch street*, Philadelphia.
 Mfhtnger* visiting the cif) Hill find the North
 Star I leant the most rentml, convenient and com
 fortable House in Philaik-lphia.
 Philadelphia, Dec. 1. ISIS. 3m49
 “Every Man bis own Physician.”
 THE HOME DOCTOR.
 JUST PUBLISHED, a new and valuable took
 for even family in the country, and one that may
 l«e rontulteil with perfect aaletr. A* it* title page
 indicates, it in “THE HOME DOCTOR, or Family
 Manual, giving the cause*, symptoms and treatment
 of Diseases; with an account of the .ystrm while in
 health, and rules for preserving tliat &gt;ute. Apjeu
 dedto which are recipes for making various medi
 cine* and aiticles for diet for the mrk room. The
 whole written lor general use and daily piartiee, by
 John B. Newman, M. I
 Also, arrmn|ktn\ ing this liook, or separate, is
 “THE HERB BOOK, a Imok devoted exclusively
 to Herb*, giving their names, varieties,description,
 medical properties and dosi s, use, lime of gutiu-nug,
 and many miter directions very i.seful tor every fam
 ily to know, and written xpress!) for f unity use.”
 Tl»e Herb Book is devoted «olel\ to P/pnJar M
 t cal Botany, ami will furnisii on tiiat point ail the
 desired inlorination wanted for general use
 Tire two books a,e j;ul up and bound together and
 co-tun 200 pages, price 25 rents,or soli Sr-pmate
 at 12 cents-
 Ttie symptoms of eac'i disease a e carefully given,
 so Inal one may he recognised f. oni »n .i!,er, to pre
 vent prat tiring in tlie &lt;urk; also the treatiueiK, m
 sketch &lt;&lt;f ge«rai pb)sv•log), ami mles Ibr ke*pmg
 in Iwalth, together with••bservatio-'Son tiieircauses,
 means of avoiding deletei ious jirffca-neri, and such
 other remaiksas aiedeeotei appropriate, lor both
 stole mmd fnmol'
 The b-ok hiss been written with great rare, i.-t a
 plain, simple, romrm.n-serw style caaily to be nn
 •lersuasl liy every person, tod by a practical piivsi
 etanawda thorough boOtnst. c-t« reromowmJ
 ft wall entue conndetvce, as hei ig a work aup&gt;-rior
 in all respects to any other book of the kind ever
 pwldisiivd at the pure.
 Families ia the country, and &lt;specially tivae liv
 iug ia new e*amtries and tuiwaJ hy el.mate., »IvmL
 »H fail pfocare a copy and Lave it at all t.iaes at
 hand, ia ease of sickness as they might theieln by
 »«oe simple remedy save an el pen,,.« aad pr-.i-c
 ted doctors Ull. w bet her well or *icfc, r*. n
 should he in every bouse as a safe and sure adviser
 •a time of need, the d.rect.oo given person* in
 health cannot t» too stxictiy att-nded to L v a!*.
 The Mi-« at which the book is sold s&gt; u t H;
 every bail) may have a Copy, and uoiw shoold be
 without k.
 The Look is pot op in Paper biudbm, ami can
 easiU U sea by sail. Postage «d, 64 rent, to any
 pan of (he L aird Mates. 1
 Aay persist sending tts ews dollar bv ami!, and
 •*l. P*)iag postage on the leUer, h., e Uah
 Clones seat him /ret
 Scad «e vw ovdarss, there is tp *ta»Hha
 »mey by mail, it come, to as daily, aod
 aiwuya tench thaw diet mat km.
 %T P«»v fcmilvea nm rW, together and .rod a i
 w.vWfLT* i? h t
 WANTEIV-Ageaq mom of th. Hates to sell
 l •*•‘7 family will parctmse n »f 1
 "•rift “Vs?' A ea P«*l f fr-mt *2O!
 to fM Wti ha aariasarj fiw each agent. A bheas
 r-*. GEO. W.&gt;BrJER
 Apnll.mH. Exchange,
 NEW ENGLAND SETJOND H\\r7
 CLOTHING STORE.
 No. M, I'luu
 JOHN WttlOMT ...Hoatoa.
 Mat «aepa OMttarir «a hand a
 _ wty ef New sad Sacmad Hand
 of aB kinds, old lAeAar^W^l-jgsad*.
 advaaead on att 4
 ftta ana la ana taM 4i*w
HOME POR REFORMER!!.
 T WE to that ml eouw
 -1 m., mrt rewtrul No. t| .C-rtor
 C-owrt. where be will fie mm t hum m
 rf the Knemk of Refonw, at ri M —ldi rbvtw
 He wishes hi* festse to be the rvatral ohm n Bov
 tow. where the friends of Tetoperaare. I'race, Pwfty
 F»eettorn, the Prisoner, far.,any meet together.a—
 eaxn a r&lt;&gt;«fortabk aad quiet hoene.
 I V-ntra- C Vflh opaws at 239 Wnshragtoa mrew.
 JOHN M. SPEAR.
 Awg, 21. 1848.
 PIOMAS P. SMITH. Km. 38. Brunk Street.
 sign of the GohJeu Bail. New aaJ Seeomt
 hand fahti-t Store.
Tie ’li'i'arktsttfcQurttrOßtvtefr.
 pOMMENt ED 00 the fast of Uvrembtr. 1847,
 ...i r 'T on the l*t of MirrS. ar.
 r&gt;Tno I, r u V* U tateer. 1
 ofao j*,,, rW*,. u ml y rmJr
 Literature. Rel,«^
 Uomuoricai a*»», MibvcnptKiu., fa c
 ■Airasewl 10 the Bidilufu, 1. »"owkf U
 CCX»LIDGE fa WILEY
 12. HtUr S*ieet, Pwiiv.
J.- V and Um
 B, L b r Su» 5.. r,,
JOHN D. REVALEON, Hair Cfatiav
 ami IYr turnery ll4, Bkckstooe-s
JVKH VOHK ADFERTISEXEATS.
 tcst roiiUSHEo, Z»w M u. Zt
 *J of the Anti Slavery Standard
 The Legion of Liberty, aad Faroe of Truth, 10th
 edition.
 Tbi* work contain* about 230 puree of chuv
 re- '-ng; 300 eminent authuritiea, ami time sixty
 '-auve eugrarmgs. I'rw* 37) eta. in auwlui,
 !25 cents 10 paper covers A veiy liberal di*-
 (tooat t&lt;* those wfs» purchase a number of copies.
 Dw Cwiliiiun, luduencr. Rights, aad Appeal of
 Women, from vai lous authors, 12| rwiU.
 Letter to the People of the United States, lourhiag
 li* Matter of Slavery. By Theodore Parker.—
 pp. 120. Brice ISj cent-."
 m. Broun’. Ln tore hefore the Female A 9.
 Society ..I Salem, Ms-.s. Kcportnl by 11. M.
 •Vklimst, Boetoo —22. W.oe 5 mu.
WILLIAM J* I’OWLLL, Sailor’s Home, 61,
 7* Ciierry Street.
 Dr. j. m’ci:ne Bm77 u
 way,
T JENNINGS, Surgeon-Deniiet, North
 A Broad way.
o* I' HOLLY, Boot and Shoe Maker,
 97, Crmnber) Street, BrwAlyn.
 •&gt;.B. K |&gt;airing neatly executed at the shortest
 outlet- -.ml on the most reasonable terms.
P n l HITE, Druggist, corner of Frank
 A ifH t and Ciold Street.
GENTEEL BOARDING HOUfIF.
 JTIIARLES HIGIIGATE, would resiwctfullv in-
 nn 1,19 fr'vnd* and the ptibljc, tlat he continues
 to vole every attention to thowe pleased to favor
 his ••ho!Kc’’with a mil. IV hraise i* pleasantly
 located at b. 72 Broadway, Allwnv.
 Fell. 18, 1848.
n.I.IAM RICH, Hair Dressing ami Bathing
 Saloon, Troy H.kisc, Troy, New York.
 NE W PUIIL ICATION9.
 WILL BE READY IN A FEW DAYS.
 i r V L i? I R 'J”**. 1 Wilh a W 9 ketchn,
 lim life by linerp Hi rhi and Hornet.
 A&gt;*'. Harm t’s Address to the Moves of the Uni
 ted St„irs. This address was reiesied ley the Na
 tional Convention at Buffalo i R 1843. I’he udition
 tA «'&gt;'«dl, and those who desire topie* will do well to
 new! in llitir orders early.
 JI.SI PUBLISHED, a Lecture entitled The
 I ast axd I’rksrst Cosuitiox or the Color
 ED Race, by Henry Highland (_ia, net
 Puldished at Troy, N. Order- attended to.
 April wOf ofTi
General Intelligence Office.
 Q F r m’nr" ojiened an Estaldi.h
 -r r n at PHILADELeHIA IxSTITVTK.
 lombard Street, above Seventh, far (lie purix&gt;#e ol
 procuring honest and faithful domestic* far tlm-e
 who may requ.re them, a„d obtaining place, for
 such a a are qualified and in want tfa-reof leu&gt;•
 rjfcr ,h, folio, i„5
 kindly permitted tlte .me of their muues as
 otrcßiHcts;
 Anrtrew M’Makin Elitor of the American Courier
 Robert Morris, Editor of tlte Inquirer
 jasjier Harding, Publisfmr oftlw Inra.irer
 C miles J. I etersou,.Editor of Neal’s Gaivtiv
 I Ims. B. 1 lore lire, Editor of Times and
 Kobe" Howell, 88, t he-nut ke ,UM&gt;
 iiilliam J. Mullen, 278, C’atlierine Street.
 I hiladelptna, Sept. 1, 1848. lv—S6
mP; f- p KCK, Physician ami Surgeon, Phi
 -Seventh InM,U,,e L"***"! Street, .hove
 ly—36
FRKE PRODL'CE S'rORE.
 V'EM GOODS just rect»ed. General reduclion
 i- in prices.
 h ine 4-4 Prints, various *«\le-.
 New style, of Prim* of medium quality, itsuaJ whlth.
 *Tu£ir* ,ip x,
 Curtam C’alki°. Su|«rior fine Cfaiitx UmbrvJla.
 Sa^*: e ood »“d cheap. Also on futml, nmsily ..1
 redmed jatces, G.nghums, various qualities ami
 Fiue ami heavy Shirting, Sheeting#, awl Pilfow
 Strqied Caintrirs. Fine 6-4 Plaid Muslin.
 t" ,le L*i.w, plain and neatly figuied. ail woof
 Linen,, wajranted bee from cotton.
 1 fannels 4-4 g.s,d nnd price faw. Canton flawwiv
 while and Colored.
 Table Diu|er ami Cloths, of different style*.
 A f w.mand I urwtare hw-k. Okioo Hiinokerci.ief,.
 Mu au
 Long and lull |j n e ami heavy.
 JVtoW.ng, white and Colored Cotton La,-. Also
 Refined U*»l, t rt»iie&lt;l, arvi Pufveiite.l Sugar.
 Mr n g-el ipa.hty, ,4 varem.- grade*.
 *V* w e stock exclusively Free LaW Good#
 to wlucti the Sul—crifa-r w.a«U invi&gt; the uttoutwa
 ol country merchnnu, as well a, hi. b feuds and the
 pul lie geiicmliv.
 Much pain, taken by the Managers of tiw Tiu#
 I rieiuce Afsuciatam. to as#»w the Suiuenhvr to ea
 large Uie ass&lt;j&lt; Uneut fxmt im* IM^
 GEORGE TAYLOR,
 di u i,i t*'**' Cherij-at*
 Philadelpliia 2&lt;l wo. lH*B. if 3
Irec Labor
 MANL f ALI L RED Ly the America Free Prw
 &lt;Jtice ArscMiioa, and fa safe at No 21 at ...v
 Fi(th-»tieer, Pm!adelp*,w; «•,North
 Manche.icr Ginghams; Checks, Apton and Fur
 niture; Canton 1 Unite I, mlrkarkail
 bfr«ened gad uuhfearhe,,, ,4 v» r »otis L "r
 waith; thin Muslin bamga, hrnwn a«d eoferud*
 Bud Lre Towels; UmdTSdTZj wSSJ?
 Tottou lj*p»; Lamp Wiek; Bad Te knur an
 &lt;Jf J n nc letter, &lt;k..f iov ine-vioanaw
 J 1 wJTaiJT
 .»u!!7* r..~
Aati-SUTfry Officr,
 No. 31. North Ftjtk Street, VhslmklpAn.
 A LL Mestsau of Utivuitry pm4&gt;ciium
 kept ConaUtitly on bumb Also a hmndnotom
 **t *fl f, f rmarellaneno, sod veto
 ■»i laarv Suiigwety.
 All kitrrt reUli.ij lr, tfe feiinui r f thv ’tuc%
 to la directed to J. Mthvr K«*n, 11, Nmv%
 Fifth-stiUM, PblUihripuia. p*—*f
 THE DELAWARE ABOLITI^iist.
 of the shoe, mmn u pwfaWd
 '•Tmu.agwu. *7**. Avti-ftlu»«rß
 Soocty. ••ft by CiuMlitau, aad wv*
 be l ttmdmm *ha*«, at twvuiy &gt;b
 tm**X*Fm\'* tw Iwway-fourMtohers. It wi!!fia.
 davowd V'o etouucjputfe" &gt;a Delaware, and wdl ad
 iu w by aB lawful ataaaa It
 ha pwbhshuil svxso-tonaUly, if m,,
 forded, waa affiaa aa th* owwaa tee be ehmlii t
