FREDERICK DOUGLASS, i
 M. R. DELANT,
VOL I. NO. VIII.
Tke NORTH STAR it paMisfced every
 Friday, At IV*. 3S, Baflalo Street,
 (Oppmer the ArrmU.)
 TRWW.
 Tim &lt;Mkn per mmu-*. «he*y tm mArmee. No
 eetwcripiHW will be received far
 lit «nifa.
 A4rerti*emenU r«- &gt;4 exreedinf ten Unee nueiwi
 three lime (x d..lUr; ever) »ul»r.f«r..l
 tH*n, twenty -five cent*.
 *~TA■ "«bjert"ni*tlie North St Aft will I* to attack
 Simti in it* form* and a*tiect*; adeocatc
 Uftivrft«Ai F.ftA«cirATt«*: rx»k dw* etnmfarH
 nf Pc er ic Moru itt; pnoßite the moral and
 tellcrtnaJ iwprwveiwnt of the COLOR KD Pr.Ori.r;
 Rrvl tw*trn the day of FREEDOM to the ThM*
 IK,„f &lt;mit Ejmlavii* Fr.Li.ow Coen-
 TR»«iv-
 PUBLISHER** NOTICES.
 fry- AB r wmiwatwn* hitir t» tfa Jwirnr**;
 im-tttrrr !7 the (taper, name* of *werrilmr*, remit-:
 Unce*, &amp;r., *lkniLl he adfln**iw*d t* Willias t.
 Nall, PuWi*ber.
 rtf. A art all other* aendinf name*. ar»-
 re juratrif to be arenOite. and ?ive tlie Ofi",
 the Cm.ry, an I it* .Vt-fe. Each tUSwrriUrr ic im-
 mediai. lx ere lit« I f*r in nry received.
 fl&gt;- Any |ier*on *emlii« in the payment for four
 •uWrilx-r*, to f*irwanted to one addre**, may i
 have a fifth eop\ for one year.
 All Ittert and c .inawnicatioiA mo*t be port
 paid.
 LIST OF AGENTS.
 Mut \chi;sktts. —R. F. Wain* t, 21 Comhitl, j
 ]Vt..toi; NatkinJohrieon, New Bedford; HoratioW.j
 Foster, Lowell; Janie* N. Buffuiii, Lynn; George j
 Evans, Worcester; Borinie Spiwwr, Plymouth;
 Charles H. Seth, SpringSeld; llavkl
 Northampton; 11. Carpenter, Upton.
 Mnit.—Oliver Dennett, Portland.
 Vkrhont.—Rowland T. Robinson, North Fer-'
 rislwirg. 1
 CorSECTlCtJT.—Jonathan L“onanl, Meriden.
 IVr.iv II ivpmiirk.—Wear* Ta|»pan, Bnelford. 1
 Nr iv York.—Sv Iney It. Gav, M 2, Nassau
 Street; Jam-- MrCune Smith, 93, Wert Broadway;
 Joseph Post, M estliirv, (lupwi Countv; Mary llsu
 jier, AHiany; Elias D »tv, Maredon; illett* Keese, i
 Peru, Clinton Comity; illiainS.Dukimore, Troy;
 J. F. Platt, Penn Van; J. JeTrey, Geneva.
 Rhoiik hi.nn. —Amaranev Paine, Proviilenee.
 n v v vi. v a 51 a.—J. M. M'Kim, SI, North Fifth
 Str«*et, Pliilad&lt;d|kliia; W. Guinea, 8, Exchange
 Place, Ditto; H. Vashon, B. Bown, Pittslwrg;;
 AVilliain Whipper, CoUimhia; Isaac Rol'erts, Jacob
 L. Paxo'i, Norristown, Montgomery C^ounty.
 O nio.—&lt;'hr Isti.in Doiial Ison, Cincinnati; G. W.
 f’ni'r, IYiV Valentine Nielvdsan, Ifarveyslnirgh,
 II .iri *rt C i in'* Samne! ILonke, Sal'rn.
 —li »!»Tt Bank*, Detroit.
&lt; Co.
 LAW OF NEWSPAPERS.
 1. S r&gt;srril)er* ivho &lt;io not give express notice to
 the r &gt;ntr.»r\, are considered as wishing to continue
 their subscriptions.
 2. If Mulmeritirrs order llie dUcontinuanre of their
 jiijiers, tin pulilishers may continue to send until all
 arrearage* ar»* |nkl.
 3. If snlwerilier* neglect or refuse'to lake their
 |*a]R*rs from the office to which tli»*y atv directed, they
 are held responsible till they settle tlieir hill and order
 tle ir papers to he discontinued.
 4- If ftilsnilers move to other places without;
 informing the puhlislier, anil their (Kipcr is sen! to;
 the former direction, they arc held responsible.
 ft. Tlie courts have decided that refusing to take
 a ncw-ji iper or jicriodieal from tlie office, or removing
 and leaving it unealle 1 for, is prima facie evidence of.
 imtrnti'm ll fraud.
 KkuoVai.s.—ln giving notice of a change of
 rcsi Ivtrtjw sure, an 1 state the Post Office to which,
 the papiW lias f trmeriy tweu Sent.
SKLRI TIOSS.
 J
 From the Librnitor.
 SIXTEENTH ANNUAL MEETING OF
 TIIE MASSACHUSETTS ANTI-SLA
 VERY SOCIETY.
 The Annual Meeting commenced in
 Boston on Wednesday morning, Jan.
 2(&gt;th, at the Melodeon.
 The Chair was taken by Francis
 Jackson, President of the Society, at
 ten and a half A. M., and it w as voted,
 that the Society do now proceed to
 business.
 Opportunity for prayer being given,
 prayer was offered by John M. Spear.
 Voted, That Samuel May, Jr., and
 Anne W. Weston be Assistant Secre
 taries during the annual meeting.
 Henry C, WFight, from the Com
 mittee on Business, reported the follow
 lowing Resolutions:
 1. Resolved, That while we deeply
 regret that the Slave Power should have
 been able to find one of its most willing
 and useful tools in the Pilgrim blood of
 Massachusetts, we must still recognize
 one virtue in Robert C. W inthrop, that,
 unlike his fellow Whigs, he has never
 been a hypocrite in politics; he has
 never pretended to own himself, or
 claimed to be anything but the mouth
 piece of Cotton, whether in State street
 or at the capitol; he cannot be accused
 of getting ollice, like Briggs, under
 false pretences; neither, like the Hon.
 Mr. Facing-both-ways,” did he sig
 nalize his youth by thunders against
 slavery on Plymouth Rock, and then,
 with the fame of many years upon his
 brow, say his prayers backward before
 the Capitol at Richmond; on the con
 trary, we are hound to allow, that he has
 glways gloried in being a Dough-face
 from the beginning,at honfr and abroad,
 in every sphere, “however bounded, i
 nnd be the shame more or less,” —that]
 lie has not sought for his bargain the
 decent cover of secrecy, but his prosti
 tution has been open, in the market
 place, and ne has worn its w ages inso-
 JcuiU aud without shame; that to guard
 against suspicion of hypocrisy evt u ia
 .p* ,-cripture, he took can- -to pul
 11&gt; fii-,.*ul record, beforehand, "in Fm»-
 t nil la 11, a pledge t" remind the world
 that i:i fiis ease, at least, there were
 many things beside the Lord, which
 make men to be of one mind in a
 house.”
 ‘4- Resolved, That our deep regret
 to find such a character linked w ith the
 name of Winthrop is forgotten in the
 sad reflection that,like w*ax beneath the
 seal, he is but what the schools and
 churches of Boston have made him, the
 faithful representative of the opinions
 of his native city; and that could we
 succeed in changing those opinions, the
 weathercocks upon our steeples would
 be laggards, compared with him, in
 shifting with the wind.
 3. Resolved, That the re-election of
 Geo. N. Briggs to office, with all the
 sins of hi* peijured and treasonable
 proclamation, places Massachusetts
 among the active supporters of the Mex
 ican war; that not all the resolutions
 WTpch even her Legislature has passed,
THE NORTH STAR.
or can pa* l arc able to bide that fact;
 and that if Geo. N. Briggs has,, as hi.«
 friends claim, repented of that dis
 graceful act, he should he as ready to
 make as public proclamation” of his
 repentance as he was of his servility—
 and not leave hia friends to sacrifice
 character in supporting one eonvieled
 of treason out of his own mouth, with
 nothing to justify their confidence but
 chimney-corner confessions.
 Whereas, the boast of the people of
 these United States is, that they are the
 freest people on earth, while they hold
 and use one-sixth of their fellow coun
 trymen as rlem, —that they are an en
 lightened people, while they punish as
 heavy crime, the acquisition of knowl
 edg« jmrokp; three millions of their num
 ber, —that they arc a civilized people,
 while one-sixth of the inhabitants are
 compelled, by law, to live in absolute
 heathenigm, —that the blessings of liberty
 and free institutions arc extended to
 all, while three millions of their number
 are outlawed, and hunted with blood
 hounds and rifles, for attempting to
 raise themselves fiVim the com'*' &lt;n of
 brutes to that of men fi a the
 condition of slaves to that of freemen;
 therefore,
 4. Resolved, That this misnamed re
 public is a wilful Liar and a shamelfst
 Hypocrite, against which the friends of
 freedom in Great Britain and through
 out the world ought to he warned, as
 against the deadliest cnerny of the hu
 man race.
 Wednesday Afternoon.
 William W. Brown, who came for
 ard, he raid, by request, to com
 wment upon a letter received by E.
 Quincy from Enoch Price, of St. Louis,
 Missouri, and which letter he [Mr.
 Brown] had now for the first time seen.
 Tho write;r of it declared himself the
 owner of Win. W. Brown, said lie had
 seen aud read the Narrative which W.
 W. B. has lately published, and which
 he admitted to he true in the main, and
 after setting forth several particulars as
 to the manner in which he became pos
 sessed of W. W. Brown, (then known
 by another name,) offered to give him
 free papers if he, or his friends, would
 pay to his ogent in Boston, the sum of
 three hundred and twenty-five dollars.
 Mr Brown said, I have always felt
 that I run a great risk in passing around
 here, as I do, in Massachusetts; and
 now I am more than.ever sensible of the
 risk I run; for at an unguarded mo
 ment I may be seized upon, even here,
 and dragged back to slavery in St.
 Louis.” Mr. Brown spoke with evident
 agitation. The audience express
 ed great sympathy with him, and
 by loud responses testified that there
 were many who would stand forth in his
 defence tn any time of danger.
 Wednesday Evening.
 The Society assembled in Fancuil
 Hall, according to adjournment, the
 President in the Chair.
 Resolutions I, 3 and 3, were again
 read by the Secretary, and the large
 audience present was eloquently ad
 dressed in thtfir support, by Edmund
 Quincy, Wendell Phillips, H. C.
 Wright, Win. W. Brown and Stephen
 S. Foster.
 H. C. Wright offered the follow ing
 resolutions:
 5. Resolved, That while this Repub
 lic exists in its present form as a Re
 public that sanctions slavery, there car
 be no reasonable hope that the miseries
 and oppressions, inflicted upon the
 masses by the despotisms of Europe,
 can be removed; inasmuch as the might
 of its example goes to strengthen the
 hands of tyrants, and to weaken those
 of the champions of freedom; there
 fore we would earnestly entreat all whe
 arc laboring for the freedom of inan ir
 Great Britain and Ireland—in Austria
 Italy, Russia, and in all lands—to unite
 with us in our efforts to procure the
 dissolution of this slaveholding Union
 by a moral and peaceful agitation, ant
 thus to rid the world of this gigantic foe
 of liberty, aud of the inalienable righL
 of man.
 At 4 o’clock P. M. t adjourned tc
 meet in the Melodeon, to-morrow morn
 ing at 10 o’clock.
 Note.—Fancuil Hall was well filled
 during the evening, and by an audience
 exceedingly attentive, evidently mucli
 interested, and sympathizing heartily
 with the resolutions and speeches; and
 scarcely a dissenting voice or sound was
 heard during the entire evening.
 Tuursday Morning.
 The Society met again in the Melo
 deon, the President in the Chair.
 The first four resolutions werc read
 and unanimously adopted, iho Society
 acting upon them separau iy.
 Stephen S. Foster took the floor i*
 behalf of the mea.-mr of going t«&gt; tin
 polls to vote for per- n&gt; pu’-ii&lt; K pledged
 not to hold any office under'the existing
 Constitution of the l*. S., if elected;
 and offered a resolution on the subject
 Voted, To defer, for the present, the
 further consideration of tins subject.
 Tlie fifth resolution was then called
 up, James N. Buffum of Lynn, being
 in the Chair, and spoken to bvJ. C
 Cluer, H. Clapp. J r R. R Kovom
 j Mr. Parker, (late of London, now ol
 Providence, R. 1.,) J. McComb® oi
 Georgetown, Levy of Lawreuce, Wm
 Lloyd Garrison, aud a gentleman iron
 Philadelphia, whose name was called foi
 j but not given. After which, the otf
 Resolution was unanimously adopted
 Adjourned to ii 1-2 o’clock.
 Thursday Afternoon.
 Met Recording to adjournment, Dm
 President in the Chair.
 Henry Watson, n fugitive from Bt*
 very, addressed theikrciety, kno
RIGHT IS Or NO SEX—TRUTH IS OP NO COLOH—GOD IS THE FATHER OF US ALL. AND ALL WE ARE BRETHREN.
narrative of some circumstances in Ins
 experience.
 The f blowing resolution was then
 read by S. May, Jr., who moved for its
 adoption:
 0. Resolved, That we pledge our
 selves to the cause, and each other to
 make every exertioa, «n our various
 towns and spheres, to rouse Abolition
 ists and Societies to their duty of con
 trib iting liberally to the treasury of the
 i American and Massachusetts Anti-S!a
 verv Societies; and that wc will en
 deavor to assemble the friends of the
 anti-slavery cause, in the several towns,
 where we live, as Boon ns practicable,
 for the purpose of laying this subject'
 before them, and devisina effectual
 means of accomplishing the end in
 view.
 This resolution was supported by S. I
 May, Jr., Wendell Phillips, Hiram 1
 Wilson of Canada West, J. N. Buffuin, i
 J. M. Fisk, P. Pillsbury, and W. L. j
 Garrison,and was unanimously adopted.,
 Edmund Quincy, from the Commit-,
 tee on Nomination of Officers, reported j
 a list of names, which report was ac- 1
 cepted, and the follow ing persons there
 by elected officers of the Society for the
 ensuing year:
 PRESIDENT.
 FRANCIS JACKSON, Boston.
 VICE-PRESIDENTS.
 Andrew Robeson, New Bedford.
 Nathaniel B. Borden, Fall River.
 Stillman Lothrop, Cambridge.
 Amos Farnsworth, Groton.
 Adin Ballou, Milford.
 John M. Fisk, West Brookfield.
 Joshua T. Everett, Princeton.
 Eflingham L. Capron, Worcester.
 William B. Earle, Leicester.
 Jefferson Church, Springfield.
 William B. Stone, Gardner.
 Oliver Gardner, Nantucket.
 Nathan Webster, Haverhill.
 George Hoyt* Athol.
 John C. Gore, Roxbury.
 Caroline Weston, Weymouth.
 Zenas Rhoades, North Marlboro’.
 Benjamin Snow, Fitchburg.
 George Miles, Westminster.
 James N. Buffum, Lynn.
 Cyrus Pierce, Newton.
 John T. Hilton, Cambridgcport.
 Thomas T. Stone, Salem.
 Bourne Spooner, Plymouth.
 Charles L- Rcmond, Salem.
 Charles F. Hwvey, Boston.
 CORRESPONDING secretary,
 Edmund Quincy, Dedham.
 treasurer,
 Samuel PhiTtJVick, Brookline.
 auditor.
 Edmund Jackson, Boston.
 COUNSELLORS.
 Wm. Lloyd Garrison.
 Maria Weston Chapman,
 Cornelius Bramhall,
 Henry I. Bow'ditch,
 John M. Spear,
 James Russell Lowell,
 Wendell Phillips,
 John Rogers,
 Anne Warren Weston,
 Eliza Lee Follen,
 Charles K. Whipple,
 Samuel May, Jr.
 W. L. Garrison, from the Committee
 on Business, reported the follow ing res
 olutions:
 7. Resolved, That while we would
 express our deep gratitude to all those
 earnest men aud women, who find time
 and strengh, amid their labors in behalf
 of British reform, to study, understand,
 and protest against American slavery,
 to give us their sympathy and| aid by
 munificent contributions, and by hold
 ing our Union up to the contempt of
 Europe—we feel that it would not be
 invidious to mention William and Mary
 Howitt, Henry Vincent and George
 Thompson, as those to whose unabating
 advocacy our cause is especially indebt
 ed in this country, as well as for the
 hold it has gained upon the hearts of the
 British people.
 S. Resolved, That the discriminating
 sense of justice, the steadfast devoted
 ness, the generous munificence, the
 untiring zeal, the industry, skill, taste
 and genius, with which British Aboli
 i tionists have co-operated with us for
 the extinction of slavery, commands
 alike our gratitude and admiration;
 cheering us under the discouragements,
 strengthening us under the difficulties,
 and consoling us in the afflictions of the
 Cause; and shall ever be to us both an
 incentive and an example in its sacrifi
 ces and its labors.
 Remarks upon these resolutions were
 offered by S. S. Foster, W. L. Garri
 son, El Quincy, D. Ricketson and W.
 Phillips, affer which they were adopted,
 without a dissenting voice.
 At 5 1-2 o’clock, adjourned to hold
 the closing session in Fancuil Hall, at
 7 o’clock.
 Thursday Evening.
 j The Society met in Fancuil Hall, ac
 cording to adjournment, Edmund Quin
 cy in the Chair.
 Win. L. Garrison, Chairman of Busi
 ness Cormnitteo, reported the following
 resolutions:
 9. Resolved, that the Abolitionists ol
 America hail with pleasure the irmve
 meat of George Thompson and his
 faithful coadjutors for the encourage
 ment of the culture of cotton in British
 India, in order to supply (he demand of
 that staple in the British manufactures,
 instead of importing their cotton, as at
 present, from the slave States of this
 country; believing, as we do, that the
 success of his object will materially for
 ward the anti-slavery enterprise.
 10. Resolved,- That Henry Chtf, oi
 Kentucky,* in hh hie speech at tho aa
 naal mealing of the Aaaertcaa Coloni
 9 9 4*
ROCHESTER, N. Y., FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 18, 1818.
that this country is only for the white,
 and not fir the black man; that the free
 colored native-born inhabitants cannot
 and ought not to be admitted to equal
 rights and cquajlD in the United States,
 hut should troddm down as to
 render existence intolerable here, and
 banishment tojyfriea a desirable alter
 native—dcingnprably proves that he is
 the deadly Mo impartial liberty—that
 his pretensions to philanthropy are hol
 loar mockeries —and that the Coloniza
 tion Seciety, of which he is the Presi
 dent, is the the slave
 holding villajiyspf tnvSouth, and of the
 pro-slavery ruffianh-m of the North.
 11. Resolved, Taat this Society
 strongly syiApa bifces with the people of
 Ireland, and the lovers of progress
 throughout the world, in the deep sense
 they entertain of the services of DAN
 IEL O’CONNELL, as a champi &gt;n of
 human freedom, and especially as a
 friend of the African slave; that we
 gratefully recognize tiie faithfulness of
 lus emphatic testimony against Ameri
 can slavery’, of his indignant rebuke of
 American slavehold rs, and of his cor
 dial co-operation with American aboli
 tionists; and that wc regard w ith pro
 found sensibility the event of his death,
 which has occurred during the last
 year, as one in which wc have a com
 mon interest with them, and with the
 whole human race.
 12. Resolved, That it becomes us, on
 this our first meeting since the venera
 ble presence of Seth Sprague has passed
 away from our assembly and from the
 earth, to recall to mind the clearness of
 vision, the purity of purpose, the fideli
 ty of principle, the freshness of enthu
 siasm, which this Anti-Slavery Patri
 arch, the connecting link between the
 Elder and the Latter Dispensations of
 Liberty, brought to the assistance of the
 Slave; and to resolve that we will
 show w hat reverence and love we bear
 to his memory, by the earnestness of
 our endeavors to live worthily of las
 example.
 13. Resolved, That while %ve are
 willing to believe that many supporters
 of the Wilmot Proviso rcallv consider
 its passage sufficient to prevent the ex
 tension of slavery, and while we rejoice
 at every such dibit as evidence of awa
 kening interest on the subject of slavery,
 and tending, ever in its very failure to
 throw light cn the path through which
 alone safety can be found; still we regard
 it as a matter of comparative indifference
 whether receives the sanc
 tion of Coftfgjrass or not, feeling that the
 attempt to restrain slavery by laws and
 imprecisely equivalent?o
 damming up the Mississippi with bull
 rushes, and the man who expects any
 thing but failure from such a plan, has
 still the ABC of his country’s history
 to learn.
 14. Resolved, That an instrument
 which binds those who s.vcar to support
 it to commit crimes of the blackest hue,
 and sins of the most tremendous mag
 nitude, is one that cannot be intelligent
 ly sanctioned or executed without ag
 gravated guilt, and ought to be rejected
 with indignation and horror; that such
 an instrument is the Constitution of the
 United States, which pledges the whole
 j physical force of the nation to keep se
 curely in their chains three millions ol
 slaves, makes the entire national do
 mains slave-hunting ground, and pro
 j vidcs for a slaveholding diarchy, in
 comparably more despotic than any or
 -1 der of nobility ever existing in any age
 j of the world.
 15. Resolved, That this is not a ques
 tion that can he postponed, or eva
 i ded, by any plea of policy or necessity
 by the assertion that the powers that
 be are ordained of God; by the ex
 cusethat there must be a government;
 by’ any disastrous consequences that
 1 may be predicted to trade or property:
 it is a question cf humanity—a question
 of morals —-involving the highest re
 sponsibilities, and relating to our obe
 dience to God, and cur duties to each
 other.
 The meeting was addressed on the
 different subjects embraced in these
 resolutions by Dr. Grandin, of Boston,
 1 Wm. L. Garrison, Wendell Phillips and
 i Henry C. Wright.
 Nahum Osgood, of Salisbury, a mem
 ber of the Liberty party, then asked
 leave to take the platform, which was
 grauted, and he addressed the meeting
 in defence of the Rofiiinatien of John
 iP. Hale by the Liberty party. He was
 much cheered by a delegation of his
 party, which had just conic from a meet
 ing which had been addressed by Mr.
 Hale.
 Wendell Phillips again took the floor
 in reply to Mr. Osg ,,f &gt;d, who afWw*ards
 rejoined, and was then followed by S.
 S. Foster, in a most searching exposi
 tion of the nurrown* ss and iiliberaiity
 of the no-cafled Liberty Party.
 The Resolutions, which had been
 under discussion during the evening,
 were then taken up terudiut, aud
 adopted.
 I Tho following resolutions were pre
 pared for pre*eniatien to the meeting,
 but were accidentally mislaid and nu
 I found until after the final adjournment,
 j Undoubtedly, if offered, they would have
 been adopted vr*th great unanimity.
 Resolved, That we receive with deep
 ‘j gratitude the Address of tbrty thousand
 Scottish women to the women of Ame
 rica, on the subject of Slavery: sensi
 ble of the vast amount of devoted la
 bor requisite to embody so imposing a
 testimony—of the striking example it
 sets us to use with scrupulous fidelity all
 the means in oor power lor the i*manci
 pation of the slave, and the rebuke giv
 e*» ta one lagg** l ze *&gt;J untiring
 j iutayest of these noble women in the
 1 welfare of a race whom they hare nerei
 seen.
 Resolved, That we recognize, with
 iuiiiJi ilwfisfiirit mf Hie sagacity of oni
 oiilorri friend* in this city, lad their cor*
rect appreciation of their own position,
 and the welfare of the slave, in refusing
 to be made the tools of the Liberty par
 ty on a late occasion.
 I Resolved, That we deplore the con
 -1 tinned degradation of our national
 t character and purpose which find then
 iincet and most welcome representative
 and candidate for the nation’s highest
 i office in that bloodhound of the Texan
 war, Zachary Taylor,
 j Resolved, That while we accord tc
 J. P. Hale full honor for his magnani
 mous opposition to Texan annexation
 and the further extension of slavery,
 and would not abate one t’lt e due
 j him for his manly copra; in that mat
 i ter, wc feel bound to point out to those
 abolitionists whom the plausible pro
 fessions of the late Liberty party have,
 in times past, been able to delude, the
 utter recreancy to anti-slavery charac
 ter of a set of men who, with the claims
 !of being aa abolition party continually
 on their lips, hold up for their Presiden-
 I tial candidate a man who has never been
 willing to be known as an abolitionist,
 aud whose principles on the subject no
 one ha 3 yet thought it worth while to
 find out; and call upon them to mark,
 i that the event we have always prophe
 sied has come to pass, namely, that the
 party has bartered its profession for
 votes, and sacriiicd the only principle it
 ever claimed to have, to the availability
 of its candidate.
 Resolved, That we rejoice in the
 firmness of purpose, integrity and sin
 cere devotion to his idea of* anti-sla\’crv
 duty, manifested by John G. Palfrey, in
 refusing to put into the Speaker’s chair
 one whose course had been sedulously
 meddled to suit the slaveholders.
 Resolved, That the choice of Robert
 C. Winthrop for Speaker of the U. S.
 House of Representatives, was a
 grave insult to the people of this Com
 monwealth; that, under the guise of re
 spect for New England, his election was
 the triumph of South Carolina, cun
 ningly seizing, as a tool for her Own
 purpose;*, a man xvhose only title to
 preferment was treason 4o his birth
 place, and whose only characteristic is
 unbounded servility to the insolent as
 sumptions of the basest diarchy that
 ever crept into pow’er.
 ResolVcd, That w hile we are rejoiced
 to perceive (as indicative of the change
 which is taking place in public senti
 ment) a growing religious sympathy
 with the anti-slavery movement, we are
 still under the necessity of proclaiming
 the deplorable fact, that the great body
 of the American clergy and churches
 are giving "aid and comfort'’ to the
 Southern traffickers in human flesh, ei
 ther by direct participancy in slavery,
 by religious fellowship with those who
 enslave their fellow-men, by using the
 pulpit an 3 press as potent weapons w’ith
 which to assail abolitionists, by silence
 and indifference, or by treating the
 question of emancipation as foreign tc
 their calling;—a fact which proves their
 claims, as the true embodiment and gen
 nine representatives of Christianity, tc
 be utterly spurious.
 j Voted, On motion of H. C. Wright,
 that the Society do now adjourn sine
 die.
 FRANCIS JACKSON, President.
 Samuel Mat, Jr.. Socrctaric3
 Anne Weston,
 i r
 From the Liberty Herald.
 SOUTHERN ODDITIES.
 Notice. —The subscriber, living on
 Carroway Lake, on Hoe’s Bayou, in
 Carroll Parish, sixteen miles on the
 road leading from Bayou Mason to
 Lake Providence, is ready with a pack
 of dogs to hunt runaway negroes at any
 time. These dogs are well trained,
 and are known throughout the parish.
 Letters addressed to me at Providence
 will secure immediate attention.
 i My terms are P«*r day for hunting
 the trail, whether the negro js caught
 ior not. Where a twelve hours’ trail is
 i shown, and the negro not taken, no
 charge is made. For taking a negro,
 £.25, and no charge made for hunting.
 James W. Hall.
 The above advertisement w’e cut
 from tlie Madison Journal, published at
 Richmond, Louisiana, Nov. *2 J, I*l7.
 It appears in the business department
 of the paper, surrounded by lawyers’
 cards, tradesmen’s advertisements, no
 tice* of legal business and patent me
 dicine*, just as a house to let,” or
 a carriage for sale,” would be pub
 lished in a free and Christian country’.
 In the same paper we find a morning
 by run to the praise of God; a labored
 essay in praise of John esley, and
 an eloquent notice of a superior race
 horse, in which there’s an appeal to the
 Christian and philosopher, and to all
 who would not be unmindful cf th if
 duty to God and their country,” to
 cherish the breed. The editor gives
 no intimation of his political, religious,
 or social opinion*, except w hat may be
 gathered from these particulars.
 There is buf one editorial article.
 In that he apologizes ibr failing to issue
 a paper the week before. The cause
 assigned is, tljat his journeyman, who
 had just returned fioin Mexico, one
 tne immortal few who escaped the me
 morable charge on the masked bat
 lerie* of Cerro Gordo,” was too drunk
 lo work. The paper is issued weekly,
 when the fciaads are sober, at per
 annum. W’e have given the spirit of
 the Maddisaft Journal, and we presume
 that gives the very “form and prrss
 r ure of tho people and the times in.
 Madison Parish* Louisian*. 4

 Cost or Wax— Ges. Casa, a friend
 of war in general, and of the present
 war us particular, says: “A regiment of
 Infantry costs annually $279,000.. A
 ’regiment of Dragoons, of whjcb we
 I hsrre three, cost* jmuualTy $700,090.”*
Frmn thr Nr&gt;ri..m*| Km.
 j TnE VMESDE HONORABLE.”
 A long abused and well-nigh obso
 lete instrument, known as the Consti
 tution of the l nited States, provuics
 that the citizens of each State shall
 be entitled to all the ptivtieges and im
 munities of citizens of the several
 States.”
 Some years before this, instrument
 was fiamed, Massachusetts tnen, irre
 spective of color, were made citizens
 ,by virtue of the Bill of Rights and
 Constitution of the State. Blacks
 i stood upon equal footing with the
 whites; voted at flections; and were
 eligible as candidates for n!t ctKem in
 the State, from Constable to Chi* t
 Magistrate. Of course, in tin? court i
 j tutional provision above referred to,
 the citizens of Massachusetts, Llack as
 well as white, were included, and cn
 titled, wherever they went, to the
 rights and immunities common to all
 the citizens of the United States.
 Notwithstanding all this, it is unhap
 pily quite too notorious, that in seveial
 of the poits of the -Southern States,
 (that of Charleston, South Carolina, in
 particular,) colored citizens of Massa
 chusetts, scan.cn and officers of Massa
 chusetts vessels, arriving thither, in
 I pursuance of thiir lawful calling, are
 seized upon, dragged from their decks,
 and shut up in prison, until their ves
 sels are ready for sea, when they arc
 liberated only on condition of paying
 the costs of their imprisonment. Fail
 ing of this, they arc put upon the flesli
 -1 seller’s auction block, und scld into
 perpetual slavery.
 Of course, ns her good and loyal
 citizens, Massachusetts is bound to de
 fend the rights of men. A w reng
 done to one of them is a wrong done
 to herself. Each colored citizen who
 leaves hears with him the
 sovereignty* of his State. The law of
 South Carolina, which tramples luth
 lessly on his rights, tramples also on
 j that sovereignty. When, w ith the cry
 i upon his lips, I am a citizen of Mas-
 I sachusctts,” the Boston or New Bedford
 seaman is dragged through the streets
 of Charleston, to prison and the stand
 of the slave auction, the honor, the
 dignity, the glory of Massachusetts are
 dragged with him. In the eloquent
 words of another, “The deck cf
 Massachusetts vessel is Massachusetts
 territory. It should be as sacred as
 the temple of God. The poorest
 I fishing smack, that floaty under the
 shadow of tm iceberg in the noTth-
 I ern jscas, or hunts the whale in t'.e
 southern ocean, should be encompassed
 by her laws with comfort and protec
 tion, as much ns within the arms el
 Cape Ann and Cape Cod. If such
 damnable outrages con be committed
 j on the person of a citizen with impu
 nity, let the Governor break the broad
 seal ot the State; he bears the sword
 in vain. The Governor of Massachu
 setts is a triflcr; the State House in
 i Boston is a play-house; the General
 Court is a dishonored hody, if tin y
 make laws which they cannot execute.
 The great-hearted Puritans have left
 no posterity. The rich men may walk
 in State street, but they walk without
 honor; and the farmers may brag ol
 their Democracy and the country, but
 l they are disgraced men.
 Massachusetts has, of course, remon
 strated against these outrages, iuliictcd
 upon hcrseli through her colored sai
 lors. In entering into the Federal
 compact, she gave up her right to
 avenge them by tbree, agreeing to sub
 mit any disputes that might arise be
 tween herself and her sister States to
 the arbitrament of the Supreme Court.
 Pursuant to this agreement, she sent,
 an agent to present himself in the j
 courts of South Carolina, for the pur-,
 pose of having the mutter decided by j
 the competent judicial authority. Her,
 attorney was driven from the State by
 a mob; a law was forthwith enacted, j
 making it highly penal tor any one to j
 enter into the State of South Carolina,
 upon a similar errand; and the kid
 napping, imprisonment, and sale of
 Massachusetts citizens ha* been ever,
 since going on w ithout let or hindrance.
 But the whirling of time brings
 about its revenges.” Daniel Webster,
 of Massachusetts, goes into South Car-:
 olina, and carefully avoiding the gaol.-*
 and auction stand*, where he might
 chance to meet w ith aomc of his own
 colored townsmen, outs a dinner at the
 expense of the contemners ol hi* State, j
 makes a speech, and hears speeches
 made at him. All goes ofi' very plea
 santly, although the great Senator’s,
 sable constituents can only look at the.
 “distinguished guest,” through the
 Lars ot their prison. The Boston news
 papers chronicle the matter with much
 i-at is fact ion; it was such an unexpected,
 favor!
 But this is not all. South Carolina, in
 her magnanimity, spreads another poul
 tice tor the wounded honor of Massa
 chusetts. Another distinguished gentle-
 man of Boston is a candidate lor the
 Speaker’s clpur in the popular branch
 of Congress. Like the great Senator,
 he has no fanatical notions about t
 northern rights. To secure bis elec- J
 turn, it is found necessary ter one
 South Carolina delegate, not indeed to.
 vote for him, but to decline voting
 against him. This is done; and the
 Northern man, vouched for as “per
 fectly safe in respect to Ribera in
 terests,” is ciectevi tjyenircr.
 Now, then, all scores are wiped out.
 South arolina has made the avtmde
 komrabte to Massachusetts,” says the
 New York Tribune. The Boston
 Atlas, while abusing one of the Massa
 chusetts delegation, who has proved to
 he, after election, just what he was re
 presented to be before it, compliment*
 *1 his expense, the magnanimity of the
 South Carolina ooe-vclcr. A white
WIIXIAH C. MIL, I’siuista.
 JOHN Dlt’K, ra«*T&gt;R.
WHOLE NO.—VIII.
Massachusetts citizen is Speaker, by
 the grace of Gcd, and the permrisn it
 of South Carolina, and the wrong* of
 scores ot her black citizens are am; ly
 atoned for.
 Seriously, did wo n&lt; t hope for a
 better day tor Massachusetts.* e should,
 in view ol her present &lt;u gradntw n,
 deem it the part prudence »nd duty
 Cor ail who respect their own rights aril
 those ot their fellow-citizens, to pack
 their household goods, and depart,
 shaking off the dust of a State which,
 failing to protect the rights end liber
 ties ot a portion of its citiz.ens, mat
 regard, ns full atonement for tie i?*
 injuries nnd sufferings, such pnltn
 mockeries of compliments from those
 who have inflicted upon her the ih cm -t
 wrong nnd grossest insult, which one
 nation can receive at the hands of an
 other. J. o. w.
 George B. Vasiion.*—We noticed,
 a few days since, the admission of ties
 young gentleman—a colored man—n&gt;
 the courts of New York, lie under
 went a rigorous examination I v Mi
 Brady, Bos worth, nnd Warner, thr*
 prominent men of New York city. A
 letter from him to his father, has hern
 shown to us, from which we cannot
 help making an extract. After no
 ticing his ndniissien, he says:
 “Thus my simple affidavit has been
 sulficient to obtain for me, in New
 York, what my birth could not serine
 for me in Pennsylvania—the rights ai d
 privileges of a citizen of the I nitod
 States. My native State, may clann
 the honor of casting me off; l am per
 fectly willing to accord it to her: and
 with pleasure set down to the credit f
 New York whatever mciit there may
 be in receiving mo into her l oscm.
 And now, panoplied in tbo priviicg* a
 of ray professii n, I tun ready to hid
 farewell to the land of my birth, tn ei
 der to wotk out inv destiny in the glo
 rious field which the Island Republic
 tillers to inv labors.”— Com. Journal.
 A Colored Graduate. —Another
 colored man graduated at nMrdicnl
 College recently, in spite of the* slave
 holders. The facts are ihese:
 ‘ln August, !84(&gt;, Henry Roberts, a
 highly respectable and talented young
 man, came to this county from Liberia
 for the purpose of completing his med
 ical studies. He made npplicntn n to
 the Berkshire Medical Institutii n at
 Pittsfield, Mass., and presented his let
 ters of recommendation; but the Presi
 dent told bun the matter ernot bo sub
 mitted to the class, nnd if there should
 be any objection, he cculd not enter.—
 When the question came up in tho
 class, there was oiu? slaveholder, by
 the name of Cobb, from South Caroli
 na, who objected on account of bis
 color. The whole class (IfiO in num
 ber) bowed down to the slaveh&lt; Idrr,
 and he was rejected. But soon there
 was a re-action. The public press and
 the people took up the matter, and
 came down with an indignant rebuke
 upon Cobb, as well as upon the Institu
 tion. The result was, that Mr. Roberts
 was admitted within three weeks after
 his rejection, and afterwards gtaduntnl
 with this seine Cobb and forty-four oth
 ers. He is said to be well .-’killed in the
 science of medicine, ar.d by his gi nfle
 tnanly conduct has proved to the world
 that color is but matter —that mind
 makes the man. Hi mu Bids.
 A Fearful Leap and Narrow TN
 cape.—One of the most cxtiaoidinaiy
 instances of preservation under circum
 stances of imminent peril, occurred a
 few days since in this vicinity. On Fii
 day morning last, ut the Silk Factory of
 the Northampton Association, n building
 four s!orit» in height. Geo. Wasbingfi n
 Sullivan,a young man connected with the
 association, went out on to the roof for
 the purpose of picking up a mine i i.I Lit h
 he had accidentally dropped tin re while
 standing in the belfry. To secure him
 self from falling, he took ft his .-ho* s.
 Notwithstanding tliri precaution, after
 descending the roof a few steps, finding
 himself slipping, he took off one of la a
 stockings, but whilst a 1 temp ting to take
 off the other, his motion became so much
 accelerated, that farther efforts to ?n\o
 himself from the fearful fall w ere* use
 less. |ie then, with retnaikable pres
 ence ofmim, 1 rolled himself ever u;on
 the roof w*hi!st he was sliding, in order
 to prevent falling upon tho piutfoim, and
 when he reached the eav&lt;», li’dving first
 drawn m and held his breath, clenched
 his teeth end hands, and contracted Ih
 muscles, he leaped to the gerund, a dis
 tance of 40 or 45 feet, and came down
 on his feci! The concussion wag so great
 as temporarily todeprive him of thepowx r
 of standing. He was carried into the
 house and placed in bed, and was so# n
 after examined by a surgeon, who deci
 ded that no bones w*cre broken otttl fio
 joints dislocated, although there won
 reason to apprehend serious injury to
 Hie muscles about the spine, where there
 appeared to be great sort in Tie
 roung man's friends then wrapped him
 in sheets wet in cold water,after the man
 ner prescribed by the “va‘cr &lt;ure
 system, wbLh soon product d prr-pira
 tioo. A cold bath *a* after* «id* admin
 istered. In the aftermen oft he *rn*&gt;
 day, he walked out without assiswne*-;
 ar.d he nej.t day waaruntur jr a* or.t with
 his usual hilaniy, c jwplaisi* K 4,1 r,##
 0«i haer.nt effect* from hi* l»d, excej t-
 m\'uU* Itocset* in ol «i» ktl!
 A remarkable fbtt, d with
 this occurence, i», «hU symptoms of
 serious disrate which he was previously
 suffering, have trace in a great fuel suio
 disapp e«m d. ft se&lt; ms as if the change
 of action which was m educed in 90 unu
 sual a manner, has been mUtoty, and
 that instead ol* so frightful an accident
 being fatal in its effect* as might be
 expected, it baa been the means o'*
 rertoriug him to befc Ith!—At tike r*/d«v
 ftdKVli.
