©real Aitl-Calaalxitlti Mott is* la
 Sew lark.
 A large and enthusiastic meeting of the col
 ored citizens of New York, was held on the
 evening of Monday April 23d. and continued
 on the following evening, for the pnrpoee oi
 expressing their views respecting the Col
 onisation Society, and a Mr. Miller, an agent
 of that Society now in Great Britain. The
 Anti-Slavery Standard has a phonographic
 report of the speeches delivered on that even
 ing from which the following arc extracts.
 We regret our inability to publish the proceed
 ings entire.
 Mr. J. W. C. Pkxmnoton. on taking the
 chair, slated the object of the meeting in a
 short speech. After thanking the meeting
 lor the honor done him, lie said—
 Early in the summer of 1846 our attention
 was attracted by certain movements of a few
 prominent Colontzatiomsts in and about the
 city of New York. The arrival of His lit
 re ijenev J. J. Roberts, Rev. Bevcrlv R. Wil-
 William Russelland others from Liberia
 was the occasion of this new effort. Seven
 pnblic meetings were held. At those meet
 mgs the President of Idbcria and his assoc;
 :ue* united with Colonrzatiomsts. culcgtzec
 them for pest success, praised them for pres
 &lt;nt fidelity. and also blamed the colored peo
 ple for withholding their confidence from then
 as a class. The last meeting of thrir senej
 was held in the Broadway Tabernacle some
 tune about the latter part of July. Then
 was a respectable attendance ot the eoloret
 people of this city, who attended on invitalior
 by public notice through the daily papers
 hut they found themselves grossly insulted bt
 the Liberian delegation who reproved us n
 the most sarcastic terms for daring to love oui
 native land. They were hacked up by Ellio
 f 'reason Esq. who presided over the meeting
 and bv .1. 11. Pinncv, who acted as a sstt o
 master ceremonies.--So outrageous were tht
 insults offered to the feelings of the colored por
 lion of the audience, that several of them fel
 railed upon to protest against the uneonrteoui
 allusions and insinuations of the speakers
 But how were they received 1 The Rev. Mr
 McLean the Secretary of the Colonization So
 eiotv, and if I am not mistaken, the gentle
 man who acted as chaplain of the mcetitij
 said to a colored minister who had made hi
 way to the stand to reply: “You have n&lt;
 light to come here ami interrupt our meet
 ing.” Elliot Cresson, the chairman, said
 ••There is a meeting appointed for your |*eo
 pie to-morrow evening in the Ahysinian Bap
 list Church.”
 At the meeting held ii the Abysiniau churcl
 one alarming fact was elicited, namely
 that the accredited commissioners of the Re
 public of Liberia were securing to the Ameri
 can Colonization Society by treaty, the Icon
 trol of their public lands out of which Viev
 States are to !h? formed.
 The time has come when we must com
 men e and fight the old battle over again
 That battle, 1 mean the history of which ii
 given in one part of Garrison's Thoughts oi
 Colonization —the part comprising the voici
 of the f ree people of color. And J hope thn
 will be one of a long series of meetings tha
 shall be held in different towns and cities ii
 the Union to give expression to the sentiments
 of the free people of color in relation to tht
 American (.'olonization Society, if the Rev.
 Mr. Miller Ims been representing your semi
 inents truly and faithfully, by telling the
 British nation that you are in a body ready
 and willing to go to Liberia, then let n
 stand so, and let it he endorsed to night by
 resolutions. But if it is not so, then say by
 your resolutions that such representations are
 untme. (Applause.)
 Mr. Georuf 'l. Down iso then lose and
 offered the following preamble and resolu
 tions.
 hereas, letters have been received in this:
 country from tiie Rev. Alexander Cruinmell,
 now in England on a mission in behalf of hn
 Church, informing us that the Rev. Mr
 Miller, an agent of the American Colonizaliui
 Society, is soliciting the aid of British Philan
 ihropy, representing to the British public
 that tbc colored people of these United Stale!
 are beginning to favor the Colonization scheme.
 And whereas, this representation of said ageni
 i.r false and unfounded, inasmuch as the peo
 ple of color in these United States, having
 during the last thirty years, held many hun
 dred meetings in public, on the subject oi
 the American Colonization Society, anc
 whereas at all these meetings they have uni
 formly protested against the doctrines, the de
 signs. and influences of that Society, as rvi
 doctrines, diabolical designs, and slave crush
 tng influences, which views we do still retain
 therefore l»o it Resolved,
 That the idea of the American ol
 &lt;mization Society when first conceived, was
 combinedlv opposed and denounced by tlu
 people of color throughout the free Stales ii
 1817, and in the present moment., being iden
 tically the same, it has, and will continue t&lt;
 have as it always has had, i!ie ahhorence anri
 contempt of our people.
 Resolved, That the testimony ol our gen
 eration of the people of color is entirely, mi
 tbrmly, and absolutely against the scheme of
 African 'olonization, and that this solemn tes
 timony—peculiar in the history of this people,
 should he abundant evidence to all men thal
 we will not remove to Africa except bv ihe
 .■vercise of force.
 Resolved. That as natives ol‘ the anl we
 iee| an affinity, an attachment thereto, which
 neither injury, oppression nor insult in the
 form ol American Colonization Society or any
 other similar wicked scheme, can destroy, aiul
 it is out solemn determination while life lasts
 to l»e neither seduced nor driven from c?ur
 homes.
 It is not my purpose (said Mr. D.) m of
 fering this preamble and resolutions to occupy
 much time this evening. The gentleman w ho
 lias consented to second the resolution will dc
 so with more ability than I possibly could. In
 fact, I see that there is not much necessity ol
 my attempting to impress upon an audience
 ot our people, any degree of disgust for the
 rontemptiblc efforts or the American 'olon
 ization .Society, lor if there Ik* anv one suh
 icct upon which wc as a ]ieoplc are united, it
 is in our detestation of that Society.
 Kit. C H.uiLKS Lunox Rt.Mo.Nu.—l scarcely
 need intimate sir, that I take great pleasure
 in giving my second to the series of resolu
 tions which have been presented to the con
 sideraltoii of this large and intelligent assem
 bly through my friend Mr. Downing; and in
 •aying so much sir, 1 could have wished to
 .•ave been allowed to take my seat, for there
 ■re others present to whom 1 should have
 prefeted to listen. But sir, I feel that the
 present meeting called for the purpose of dis
 cussing the subject which has been iuttoduceU
 loruut coiistaeration, is one in which we. as a
 people, are deeply interested. This though
 a one moves me more than any other to take
 this platform. It is not my put post* to re
 capitulate here, either the history or the ori
 um of the American t-"ionization Society or
 :U suiisoquem acts. These things are before
 the American people, they are acquainted
 with them; andtl there is one object more
 l ban auother to be gamed by u,e holding ot
 ibis m«*ctmg, 1 apprehend it is to deepen*' tht
 detestation already entertained toward that in
 lamous scheme.
 But sir, we tail in one essential particular
 hero this evening; wc have not the person?
 before us who are mainly t lie supporters of the
 American Colonization Society. If the*
 were present 1 should have no difficulty whai
 ever in saying the few things 1 have to ox
 proas. But if they heat me at all it must be
 through my audience, and of course it can only
 go to them at second-hand.
 That the entire people of colour arc opposed
 to the Colonization Society I do not believe.
 And 1 apprehend that there are those preset■&gt;
 tins evening who are not prepared to sub
 «enbe to the resolutions which hive just been
 introduced. To such I litres few thought*-
 lo suggest, and whilst I shall do so, 1 vlutjl
endeavour to make a distinction between the
 spirit which prompted the American Coloni
 zation Society into bring, and the spirit which
 prompts many coloured person to go to the
 colony of letsena. in the spirit of met nrise,
 and a«l venture. \V ith his class I have no
 war, so to e\pr &lt;w myself. And I Relieve in
 the largest exercise of individual npiotons, m
 dividua 1 unbtuons for elevation and wealth
 And I also recognize the fullest nght in cot*
 onred nions. as well as in on bite, to g«*
 when 1 iliev shall choose to lor the pur
 pose ol Ivttcnng their e&lt;&gt;ndit!on either morally,
 politically or religiouslr. 1 say sir. 1 am
 here, noi to oppose, bat to give mv coami&gt;-
 haoce to inion of this kind. But l feel tbit
 the spirit of the American Cokmntmi Soci
 ety. t-&gt;&gt;tvi its origin to rbe preset mom nt,
 has K. u to break up that rverri«* ofour indi
 viduality. 1 hate it sir, not so much that 1
 believe it ever can remove the people of col
 our trom these I’nitcd States, but because 1
 bellive that so long as it shall exist, its
 tendency is to make more rabid the spirit of
 ea«te and prejudice against the coloured peo
 ple in ibis country. And I think sir, that it is
 honest in this expr«*«s'on, that it comes li**n
 esilv by this spirit. I have, however, felt
 that the 'olonization Society originated in
 Amcrtcan Slavery, and coming from such n
 f-ouii't* 1 do ni*t believe that any good can r.imo
 out of it. Therefore I have ever warred
 again-t it and mnst be penuitted to do «o now.
 Whv. s;r. there nre those at the present mo
 mem who ran blink the charge* which ihe
 American ohm nation Society have iVom
 lime to lime preferred against the people of
 colour, and in t|n face of these chrrge* ran
 insist that their is nevertheless, chantv and
 even t'iustianity in the movement. Well, if
 the charges iiave net l»ecn sanctioned and
 I subscribed to by liie parent Society, i could
 allow i ntf charitv to go out to that extent, but
 as long as 1 r:*n remember having heard the
 I speeches of th&lt; leaders of t he i 'olonization
 Society, I have either found iho&lt;-e charges di
 recti y or indirectly made, or subscribed to by
 i the different member of that Society. Vnd
 what have those charges bein'—Have they
 j conveyed the idea that the free j»cople of col
 our should !h ocogni/cd on an e.gial footing
 with otiu r citizens, in any part of the country,
 under anv circumstances* fi no occasion
 have I seen it. On the contrary the cndcav
 l our has been from beginning lu end to prt-ju
 dice the American mind more deeply than it
 was before tinotieli the efforts of American
 Slavery itself. —Now l need not iutunate, Mr.
 Chairman, liie grossne-* of tl.t-ae charges, fhc
 j untrutlifulnces of them, nor ih»'ir bitterness;
 hatred, eirnutv and jealous. But sir. how
 are they in i&gt;. met* f hold ibas ibe present
 j meeting is the place to pul again the seal of
 i condemnation upon :i!l sncli charges, by the
 i adoption of -neb ievolution- as have been
 offered.
 Now I i. v lh.it tin Viniiie.m Coiomza
 lion SiK'ieiy through its auxiliary in iny native
 I State. Mas lchu.sctts,) bad been blazing
 i forth these charges. Some of the most tnllu
 enual of our "talesmen as well as clergymen
 i have subscribed to them by their eonnte
 nance, by their support, by their contributions,
 tjy ilitir appeals, and by then prayers in be-
 I half of the parent Society. And hence if has
 j ever been my endeavour to meet the Society
 as found at its birth in And 1 can no
 I more welcome the advocate of Colonization
 that stands forth in l*aik street Church in
 Boston, than I can Homy Clay when he do
 livers an anniversary oration in the city of
 j Washington. I liold the two to be identical
 j m this ir.utior, be their position what they
 may in my native State or els where.
 Why sir, I remember well when the ques
 tion was being discussed concerning the abo
 lition of the remnant of that old slave law,
 the inter-marriage law, in the city of Boston,
 that when we, as a people, fooud fault that
 we were not at liberty to exercise one of the
 lirst prerogatives conferred upon us by our
 tfod and Creator, we were told in public'as
 well as in private, tint if we did not like the
 customs, usages, and laws of our native
 State, we could go to our fatherl"" 'n r&gt;:
 ca under the auspices of the Am
 I zatinu Society. 1 asked them lo repeat the
 I charges. 1 asked the legislature of -that
 t State, when it was my privilege to bland be
 t lore them, if vve had ever sacrificed out
 j rights by our vices, or whether vve had uol
 acquired them by our virtues; and tfiat Legis
 lature remained silent, and has remained stlen;
 from that time to this. And sir, I hope the
 day is not far distant when upon that question
 i being put in other parm ot out country, the
 j only ansuct that shall he made shall be out
 j of silence. Silence in many instances, is
 I ominous, and in this it is ominous in view n)
 the infernal machinations of ihc American
 oloiiizalion Society from the very inomeui
 i ol its inception to ihe present time. Heneo,
 i whether m the abstract or in the concrete, ii
 Lever to lie. detested by us, as a people, it i s
 ever to be opposed, and if necessary, to fie re
 sisted even to the shedding of the blood that
 will fiiula place in our heat is. (App
 lause.)
 Now w ir, a word with regard :o these
 charges. I see before me this evening :i
 large number of people of colour. What says
 the Society? That vve are “low, vicious, idle,
 besotted. ui a word, that we are "nuisances,
 and consequently that we must be removed."
 But in the very next breath they trii the pa
 'trims of the Society rind 1 hose whom 1 hey
 would cnnveri to their cause '‘remove tliesi
 low. vicious, idle, hi snttf d nuisances to Africa,
 j and in an instant they stand up clothed in all
 i the attributes calculated to make them iuis
 sioiiarics ami teachers in the wink of civiliza
 tion and f hriMiauity." 1 have asked them tr
 put ihis ami tliat together, and reconcile tliem
 if tiievean. My audience, sir, gives the lie tn
 tlie charges, and mv audience will give the lie
 to them to night by endorsing these resolu
 tion And 1 hope that when the pro
 1 ecedings of this meeting shall go over to Kng
 j land, and shall meet the eye of .Mr. (agent)
 I Miller, that they will have the desired effect
 upon him,' —that they will teach him that it
 vve are low and besotted in this country, it is
 1 American Siaverv and th-j'l olonizatiou So*
 l ciety ilnt have made its so: (Applause) that
 I if vve arc vicious, \mcrican Slavery lias made
 u.-. vicious: that u we are idle, American pre
 i jinhre has made us idle in short that Auuri-
 I can Slavery and tli&lt;* American t olotiizalu n
 Society have be n the mstnimcnis ol making
 1 us just what vve arc incur vices. Applause.)
 I Now sir, I cal! upon this audience to give
 their unanimous sanction to the most radical
 I sentiments contained in this resolution. And
 why do I sav it 1 Sir, a distinguished mail
 I long ago has said “eternal vigilance was the
 price of Li!&gt;erty.” I wish to repeat that
 motto, by saying that eternal vigilance is the.
 price of our safety as a people in the United
 Sta/is. (Aoplause.) Hou docs it happen
 that in the Slate of New York there aie thou
 sands of'colonred persons disfranchised 7 How
 dot* it happen that the same is true of the
 State of Pennsylvania of Connecticut and other
 Slate--’ Can we trace it lo any other sonret
 than the one to which 1 have referred* I ap
 |irehe..d not. Sir, 1 believe that Henry Clay,
 with a!I Ins eloquence on one hand, and John
 Calhoun, with all his dmlism (laughter)
 on the other, would not come, belore llu»
 meeting and attempt to sustain their charges.
 And why? Because my mend, H. C. Wngbt
 said of another inmou- nt not long since m
 Pfiiktd. I;.fiia. their movement carries upon
 its lac* a lie.** And what is the lie? Why,
 that A Inca is our fatherland. Now 1 appre
 hend that if we should note and count this
 audience vve snould be obliged lo come to the
 conclusion that the fatherland of the coloured
 people was a I oust anywhere else than Africa
 (great laughter). 1 think sir, that there ori
 gin u„j|d be traceable to very nearly the
 aiune source where *re found your Clays,
 your Calhouns, your McDuffies, and yoor
 U isea (iciiewcl iaiightei.) 1 apprehend
 ibat n would Ik- lound in any other direetioo
 i t!*an Africa at least. But mv remark is nor
 hrcvnlv applicable to my audience alone.
 A diMmguished mu. said long ago, that **in
 the veins ol many a slave is known to course
 •he bbwvl of t fie noblest of our Southern plant
 ers. Well sir, why does u happen that in
the so "t hers •'nuotry we find a lav unlike the j
 bw of any other eountrv beneath the canopy
 of beaten* Wo find the law there to be that!
 the child dial] follow the condition of the
 ■Hither. Why i» tb*’ Sii, if the people in
 the BoutberneiMHHrtweie lo follow the coodi
 ii«»n of the father. we know very well what
 tint condition would he (laughter and ap&gt;
 phase). \ow it aoenxi to me that the patrmta
 of the Colonisation Society need to change
 ihrtr phraseology, and if they watat that we
 •to to Africa at all, it should he oo the acore
 that Africa is our tnotkrr and not our father*!
 land (laughter). I do not, Mr.
 wi&gt;b to convey the idea that if Africa was nay
 fatherland I should be ashamed of it: cert far
 from it. For in view of the rices of the white
 American oo the one hand, and the vtrtueaof.
 the coloured American on the other, I think
 nr may l*c deeidedlv more pmud of uur an*!
 cestry than they can he of theirs, so far as the
 lasi one or two hundred years is concerned.
 We hare everything else to be ashamed of on
 our part, and f am not liere to deprecate the!
 Colonization Society on the score of being a-
 Miamed of Africa as my fatheriand.
 Tell me not of my fatherland or m&gt; mother- 1
 land that is my fatherland where I happen to j
 be born, and 1 claim an equal right to remain
 here with the white inhabitants. Why, sir, I
 rnv grandfather was among the first that re-1
 paired to the plains of ami there;
 bared hi* bosom,—not. sir, in defence ot the
 i coloured population exclusively, but he bared
 I his bosom to the British bullets for the liberty
 and independence of the American people and
 the freedom of American Soil. [Great ap
 plause] And, sir. I sh6uld indeed be ashamed
 cf my ancestry if 1 did not now assert, and
 give not only the American people, but the
 world, to understand, that here 1 was born,
 and here 1 am to defend mv right, to live and
 to die. j Applauae. j
 Ret. Chart.es B. Kay.—Mr. Chairman,
 whan 1 l«K.k around and sec those present
 whom we all v.ant to hear, 1 had much rather
 be silent than io be heard. But 1 have had a
 i resolution placed in my hands by the Com
 mitten with a request that 1 would oiler and
 sustain it by a lew remarks. 1 will remark,
 Mr. Chairman, before l read the resolution
 i that there is one question, which when it is
 j to cotuc before any meeting, when it is to be
 grappled with, whether in this city, or almost
 I anywhere else in this country, out whole peo
 pie never tail to be present to consider it.
 Everybody wants lo Itavc something to do
 with branding ’olonization, and you have only
 i to give notice that a meeting is to be held
 for that object and the house is full, fuller
 than it can b made by the discussion of any
 j oilier question. But to the resolution.
 Resolved. That in the principle atthe basis
 of the American ‘olonization scheme, we re
 cognize the fostering spirit ot American caste
 —the spirit which would degrade us in the
 Church, which would eject ns from the liter
 ary institutions of the country, and heap insult
 upon us in our every endeavour for elevation.
 The resolution which I have read declares,
 j that the principle, &amp;c. of the American ('olo
 nization Society fosters American caste. Sir,
 1 would say more Ilian this it creates Ameri
 can caste, and then like all other affectionate
 parents, it nurses dearly, and takes the best
 possible care of its child that it die not, but
 live to do its work. And however terrible
 that work may be to the destiny of the colored
 people of this country, Colonization cares not.
 Sir, what is this caste Why, it is an attempt
 to divide men invidiously into classes, and to
 create non-intercourse between lho3e classes,
 making it reproachful for those claiming to be
 superior to associate with, or visit the inferior;
 forbidding ail intercourse under the, penalty of
 losing one’s standing. American caste pro
 .'cribes the colored people, and makes their
 complexion a badge of disrespect and con
 tempt. which forever bars them from inter
 i course with their brethren of a white skin.
 It singles them out as a class not to be visited,
 cared for, or linked by any lies, to those who
 (claim to lie ol superior standing.
 To our sad experience Mr. Chairman, we
 know that these things are true; and the
 *..istory of the movements and operations ol
 the Colonization Suci ty proves that the
 1 scheme tends lo degrade us in ejecting ua
 from the literary institutions of the country
 Ye-, opposition and insult meet us at every
 step hi our endeavour for improvement in
 learning, and when we attempt lo secure an
 education for ourselves we have to tncei Colo
 nization and battle with it. If \vc attempt to
 i seek equal political privileges, there too, we
 have to meet the spirit of Colonization. l!
 wo claim civil rights, the spirit and influence
 of Colonization is amongst us, which says,
 f you must not live here you cannot live here
 on equal terms with the whites this is no)
 l vour home, and you must go to your own
 'country. In every way in which we attempt
 t to rise we meet this spirit. And to Coloni
 i zation arid its operations probably more than
 to any other single cause is lo be attributed
 I this unjust prejudice. Colonization has strode
 t through this country, falsitving the colored
 men, misrepresenting us, and speaking lies ol
 us l*v saying that we were the. most degraded
 i of alt classes that could possibly exist in
 civilized life. Colonization has made ihe peo
 pie behove all this, and ha- produced in the
 public mind that conviction more than any
 thing else. It has infused into it wrong no
 tionse-and false views of colored men. and
 r has thereby waked up wrong feelings wfcucli
 have led to ill treatment of us. Those feelings
 are sometimes very honestly entertained, we
 I I have no doubt, bm much ot it is dishonest
 and hypocritical. In ail such views which
 have so governed men in their course and
 v worked death to us, there is more of the fruil
 i of the Colonization scheme than of any ex
 isting institution in this land, more than ever
 I Slavery itself. (Applause.)
 The speaker who preceded me spoke of his
 grandfather having taken a part in the greai
 battle lor trceduiii in tins country. I can aay
 i the same of some ot my ancestry, whe
 shouldered their muskets and went out against
 I the foe of this land. Why then m.iy uoi
 the sons of these patriots claim, in common
 with others, lite, liberty, and the pursuit ol
 i happiness ui the land that gave them birth 1
 Tims G our home, and 1 may reiterate the
 sentiment already uttered, here we mean to
 live and here to die. (Applause.)
 1 Mr. (’h vsi.es L. Reason rose to present
 the following resolution.
 I Resolved, That from evidence in the past
 history of the Liberian Colony, we have
 reason to believe that it has been recreant to
 II the cause of human freedom, and an euslavei
 1 1 of its own kmdred.
 Mr. Reason, in support of this resolution
 confined himself principally to the reading of
 1 1 Extracts fioin the Day Book, edited by Dr.
 i Bacon, the facts presented were recently pub
 lished in the North Star, and need not hetc be
 repeated.
 Mr. tcLOERieK Doe class. Mr. Chair
 man, there is i,o end to Uie devices of out
 1 enemies. The failure of one only makex
 room for another. Oue is scarcely defeated
 when another is invented. When driven from
 joue po*nt. they plant themselves at auother.
 l are s prolific ol schemes as Egypt war
 i 01- frogs. In these circumstances we ought
 j to be alway s on the look out —armed at an
 points, and ready to march in any direction,
 .and to meet the enemy whether ui this oi
 any other country.
 Sir, we are here to expose and denounce
 hi* Janus laced enemy. And i am glad ft
 bear a humble share in th s work. Tbt
 special duty of thu meeting has already be» n
 well and honourably discharged, and 1 for one
 have no tear of the result. Our huinbk
 words on the strong wings of the winds, wil;
 oe speedily watied to the shore* of England,
 i 1 hev will strengthen the hands of our faithful
 j nd able representatives there, and deteal the
 acbemc.s ot our subtle foe. What 1 have tu
 say must he only by way of aaplifiea ion.
 Is it not strange, air, that a system which
 nas been condemned by the noble Wilbedorce,
 ax posed by Ute good aud great Clark**, and
 t shattered by the Dt under-butts, of O 'Conned
 —whose honours grates are yet scarcely
fM with the u*4mn of two witnui
 ahodd so soon mb its appliance on tbs
 •bm of old England The audacity of
 thin Society b only cquslled by its inaligmty.
 BMH id driio ftvtn the sbar«rf\ojr
 land by WilberfoaM, Clarkson sod O Caaaeil,
 it Meow to bare waited impatiently fur tneir
 removal to the Usd uf §p»nts, to return again
 to its work of meanness and deception As
 usual, it has gone abroad with a smile no its
 cheek, and a lie is &lt;ts mouth. In the aem-
 Kfrnr- of aa angel, and the reality uf a demon
 —profcanag sjmj at by fur the colored cou
 ple of America—it Uhours t.» drive ua from,
 our home and country.
 Mr. Chairman, the tumlaroental. and as
 Danid Webster would say—the everlasting
 objection to Coloaizutioti is tbU that it as
 sume* that the colored people, while they
 remain in this country, can never stand on so
 Soal footing with the white population of the
 jited States. This objection, 1 say, is a
 fundamental one; it lies at the very basis of
 this enterptise. and, as such, I am opposed to
 it, have ever been opposed to it, and shall, 1
 presume, ever continue to oppose it. It takes
 the ground that the colored people of this
 country can never he fiee. can never improve
 here and it is spreading throughout the
 country this hope-destroying, this misanthropic
 doctrine, chilling the aspirations of the colored
 people themselves, and leading them to feel
 that they cannot, indeed, ever be free in this
 land, jn this lespect the influence of the
 Colonization scheme has been most disastrous
 to us. it has advocated the most stringent
 persecution in some instances towards colored
 men. But let me, sir, tend a resolution
 Resolved, That if it be left optional with a
 slave to goto Africa or not, we advise him
 not to go, but rather to remain hero and add
 to the number of those who may yet imitate
 the example of our fathers of *Tll.
 T do not mean to sav here mv friends, that
 this result is a desirable one —the result to
 which 1 look—hut 1 look to it as an inevita
 ble one, if the ration shall persevere in the
 enslavement of the colored people. 1 have
 not the slightest doubt but that at this moment,
 in tlie Southern Statcs.thero arc skilfully-cou
 i trived and deeply-laid schemes in the midst
 .it least of the leading thinkers there, for the
 accomplishment of this very result. The
 slaveholders are sleeping on slumbering vol
 jear.oe*, if they did but know it; and 1 want
 I every colored man in the South to remain tlieie
 and cry in the ears of the oppressors, “Liber
 ty for all or chains for all.’" (Great applause.)
 1 want them to stay there with the understand
 ing that the day may come—l do not say it
 will come, I do not say that 1 would hasten
 j it, 1 do not say that I would advocate the re
 sult or aim to accomplish or bring it about,
 —but I say it may come; and in so saying, 1
 (only base myself upon the doctrine of the
 Scriptures, and upon human nature, and
 speaking out through all history.—“ Those
 i that lead into captivity shall go into captivity.”
 “Those that take the sword shall (terish by
 the swotd.” Those who have trampled upon
 I us for the last two hundred years, who have
 used their utmost endeavours to crush every
 noble sentiment in our bosom, and destroy our
 manly aspiration those who have given ua
 blood to drink for wages, may expect that
 their turn will come one day. It was in view
 of this fact that Thomas Jefferson, looking
 down through the vista of the future, ex
 claimed “I tremble for my country when 1
 rellect that God is just, and that his justice
 canu&lt; t sleep forever.” He saw even through
 the distance of lime through winch he looked,
 [down beyond the present to a future period,
 I when the spirit of liberty and manhood would
 lead the slave to bare his bosom and struggle
 in his chains for Freedom, as was illustrated
 by the fathers of ’7O (applause,) and seeing
 this he said “I tremble lor my country.”
 The Colonization scheme aims, they savi
 to prevent or avert this disastrous consequence-
 Sir, such an effort is unscnptutal, it is un-
 Christian. There is no other way whereby
 men can escape the penalty of their crimes
 but by repentance. But instead of preaching
 repentance to slaveholders, these Coloniza
 tion isis are proposing to remove away from
 them the object uf their hatred without dis
 locating the hatred itself I say then, that it
 is unchristian and unscnpturol. Those slave
 holders must take the consequence of theit
 crime. Man loves liberty and will ever try to
 regain it.
 The cry of the slave goes up to heaven, to
 God, and unless the American people shall
 break every yoke, and let the oppressed go
 free, that spirit in man which abhors chains,
 and will not he restrained by them, will lead
 j those sable arms that have iong been engaged
 in cultivating, beautifying and adorning the
 South, to spread death and devastation there.
 (Great app ausc.) Some men go for the
 abolition ol Slavery by peaceable means. So
 do I; 1 am a peace man hut I recognize in
 the Southern States at this moment, as lias
 been remarked here, a state of war. Sir, 1
 know that 1 am speaking now, not to this
 audience alone, for I see reporlers here, and
 I learn that what is spoken here is to bo pub
 lished, and will be read by Oolonizationists
 and perhaps by slaveholders. I want them to
 1 know that at least one colored man in the
 i Union, peace man though lie is, would greet
 with joy the glad news should it come here
 to-morrow,that an insiurection had broken
 out in the Southern Slates (Great Applause.)
 j I want them to know that a black man cherish
 j es that sentiment —that one of the fugitive
 I slaves holds it, and that it is not impossible
 i that some other black men (A voice—we are
 i all so here,) may have occasion at some time
 or oilier, to put this theory into practice. .Sir,
 I want to alarm the slaveholders, and not to
 alarm them by mere declamation r hv roero
 bold assertions, hut to show them that theiv. :a
 really danger in persisting in the crime ol
 continuing Slavery in this land I want them
 to know that there are some Madison Wash
 ingtons in this country (Applause.) The
 American people have lieon accustomed to
 regard us as interior beings. The Coloniza
 tion Society lias told them that we are inferior
 beings, and that in consequence of our calm
 and tame submission to the yoke which they
 have imposed upon us: to theirchains, fctteis.
 gags, lashes, whipping-posts, dungeons and
 blood-hounds, we must be regarded a&gt; inferior
 i —that there is no light in us, —and that u
 j evidence enough it* prove that God intended
 us to retain the position w hich we now oc
 ;Copy. 1 want to prevent them from laving
 this flattering enaction to their souls. There
 are coloied persons who hold other views, who
 j entertain other feelings, with ro»pect to thin
 matter.
 As an illustration ot the spirit that is in the
 black man, let me refer totbe story of Madison
 Washington. The treatment of that man by
 this Government was such as to d.sgrace it in
 the eyes of thecivslzed world. He escaped
 some years ago from Virginia, and succeeded
 in reaching Canada, where, nestled in the
 name of die Br ush Liou, the American
 Eagle might scream in vain above him. to
 from bis bloody beak and talons he w as free.
 There he could repose in quiet and peace.
 But he remembered that be hail left in bond
 age a wife, and in the true spirit of a noble
 minded ai d noble hearted man, be wud wink
 i my wife a slave 1 cannot be tree. I will
 j leave (be snores ot Canada, and God being m\
 helper, 1 will go to Virginia, and snatch m.
 j *ife from the bloody hands of the oppressor
 He went to Virginia- agaiau the enucaut-a t.
 friends, against ibe advice of my friend Gur
 i oey, whom u» name here ought to secure a
 j round of applause. (Loud applause.) H»
 j went, contrary to the advice of another—l a
 going to say, a nobler beio, but I ean scarce i
 recognize a nobler ooe than Gurney Rob_-n
 1 Purvis was the man: he advised him not t
 I go, and for a time be was inclined to listen t«
 bn counsel. He udd bun it would be of a
 use for him to go, for that as sore as lie wen
 be would only be himself enslaved, ami cculu
 of coarse do running towards freeing his wife
 .Underthe iuflueoce of his counsel he con
 sented not In go bnt when he left the boos
 of Portia, the thought* of tun wife m Slnvet
 came bade to his mind to trouble his p*ae&lt;
 and diatarb tan slumber*. So he resolver
 again to take no counsel either on the ooe
bead or the ether, bet Ik** 10 ir *n*&gt;»
 end rescue k» wife if peiiWe. Tbit
 w*le resolve (applause;) end the result
 Mill more noble. On lenrhing there he
 unfortunately arrested and thrown into prism
 »»d pot under heavy froos. At the appointee
 time he brought manacled upon ihe auc
 tioneer *a block, and add to a New Or***"*
 trader. We see nothing more o 4 Madison
 Washington, until wo see him at the head
 of a gang of one hundred alarm destined tor
 the Southern market. He, together with the
 rest of the gang, were driven on board the
 hrig Creole, at Richmond, and placed beneath
 the hatch way, in irons; the slave-dealer —1
 sometimes think I see him—walking the deck
 of that ship freighted with human miser r.
 quietly smoking his segar, calmly and molly
 calculating the value of human riesh beneath
 the hatchway. The first day passed away—
 the second, third, fourth, fifth, sixth and sev
 enth passed, and there was nothing on boart
 to disturb the repose of this iion-hearted mon
 ster. He was quietly hoping for a pleasant
 breeze to wall him to the New Orleans market
 before it should be glutted with hum in flesh.
 On the Bth day it seems that Made-;.u Wash
 ington succeeded in getting oft'«i-e of Ilia
 irons, for he had been at wotk all ;he while.
 The same the he succeeded in netting the
 irons nfl the hands of some --ventcen 01
 eighteen others. When th. s.aveholdcrt
 came down below thev found their human
 chattels apparently all with iheir irons on,
 hut they weie broken. About twilight on the
 ninth day. Madison, it seems, reached his
 head above the hatchway, looked out on the
 swelling billows of the Atlantic, and feeling
 I the breeze that coursed over its surface, war
 inspired with the spirit of freedom. He leaj t
 lrorn beneath the hatchway, gave a cry likt
 an eagle to his comrades lieueath. saying, itv
 must go through (Great Applause. Suiting
 the action to the word, in an instant his guilty
 master was prostrate on the deck, and in a
 very few minutes Madison Washington, a
 i black man, with woolly head, high ehcek
 bones, protruding lip, distended nostril, and
 retreating forehead, had the mastery of tliai
 ship, and tinder his* direction, that brig wa&gt;
 brought safely into the port of Nassau, New
 Providence (Applause.)
 1 Sir, I thank God that there is some part ol
 his footstool upon which the bloody statutes
 of Slavery cannot be written. They oannoi
 j be written on ihe proud, towering billows ot
 i the Atlantic. The restless waves wiil not
 permit those bloody statutes to be recorded
 there. This part of God's domain is free,
 and 1 hope that ere long our own soil will be
 also free. (Applause.)
THE NORTH STAR.
ROCHESTER, MAY 11, 1849
More Southern Demonstrations.
 'Flic lire burns biavely amongst!lie chivalry.
 Their ptide is touched their honor is wound
 ed iheir rights are in danger. Speeches,
 and meetings, and dinners are the order of the
 day. A stranger who knew no lietter, com
 ing into this country, landing in the So. th,
 and reading the high-living effusions ol
 Southern oratoia, editors, and rhymers,would
 be led to the conclusion, that the inhabitanu
 of that region had been, for ages past, the
 much-abused victims of a cruel despotism;
 and that, having borne all with patience, till
 forliearance itself had become a vice, they
 I had now resolved, in the strength of their just
 I cause, to .-hake off the yoke—to achieve tfieii
 freedom—to he slaves no more. And this
 stianger, coining to such a conclusion—how
 would his sympathies lie aroused how* would
 I he execrate the tyrants—and cheer on the
 poor oppressed, long-suffering victims of des
 potism to 4i Liberty nr Death I”
 Alas! for the picture! it is a true one—
 but of whom Of these noisy declaimer
 against the infringement of their rights? Ot
 the peripatetic Senators who arc agitating the
 country with their speeches Of thechivalrie
 slaveholders of Soith Carolina? Of the
 300,000 owners of human cattle? No! but
 of the 3,000,000 who are now driven to their
 unrequited toil by the lash of the task-mas
 ters. These have for many years suffered
 patiently. They have worn the chain of the
 tyrant, til! its rust has eaten into their flesh.
 They have been branded, and scourged, and
 beaten they have been sold likq cattle in the
 market; their humanity has been denied,
 their human affections violated; degraded,
 injured and downtrodden, every injury that it
 is possible 10 conceive has been heaped upon
 their too patient shoulders and when they
 begin to speak for themselves, and a voice is
 heard here pud ihere crying out on their be
 i half, the barbarous and inhuman perpptntors
 of the°e villanous wrongs start up in a par
 oxysm ol indignation, and declaim against the
 infringement of their rights, and the inter
 meddling of Northern fanatics f Hut let them
 tall: They will discover, by and by, tiiat
 they have been playing the part of the fox in
 1 the fable, which, mistaking his own blood for
 1 that of the rasp,repented, when too late, that
 lie had Jjeen fighting against himself.—
 Discussion m the life of progress, and the
 worst enemy of ciror and ignorance. Kven
 such discussion as that kept up by the boast
 ing bullies of the South, 13 infinitely prefera
 ble to no discussion at all. Their threat.s can
 terrify very few while the transparent incon
 sistency of a slaveholder—a man who lives
 bv treading down the rights of others—talking
 of the infringement of his rights, may o|ien
 the eyes of many. Aye. let them talk
 Amongst the Southern demonstrations, one
 of the most remarkable that has recently
 taken place, was the dinuer given in Edgfield,
 (S. C.,) in honor of Senator Mutler. Poets j
 and prosers were theie. Toast 9 were given, 1
 speeches were made, and at least one original
 song,written for the occasion, was sung. The 1
 report from which I copy does not say whe- j
 ther tbs speech-makers were drunk or not.—
 Perhaps thev were. 1 do not know what
 progress the temperance cause has made in j
 that region there is reason to suppose, how j
 ever, from the magnificent slyle of some of!
 the toasts, that wine is not exc)nded from the
 public dinners of South Caiohna. On do j
 other supposition is it possible to iooount for j
 the expression of sentiments 111 such direct'
 subversion of .Southern practices as were de- j
 Itveted on that occasiou. Some ol them, his 1
 true, have the appearance of having been got
 up in more sober moments. They hear the j
 genuine mark of the South upon them.— t
 Here is one of this latter class. It breathes
 the very spirit of a pious patriarch
 Surtax—As it exists in tLe Southern
 3utes it is the best organization of human
 abor, and. sanctioned by morality and the
 f/onsututtou, we most be convinced and sub* j
 dued, before we yield to pragmatic fanaticism 1
 or insolent aggression.
 Now, Northern mechanics, farmers, mao- i
 eiatiorints, land reformers —aJl of ye look
 here! “Slavery—the beet organization of
 human labor”' You are all mistaken!—
 Prepare yonr hands for the fetters—your feet
foi the aback lea—font backs for the •‘♦ripen*
 Thia is the wav by which y*»u mwt he
 eased fiom the wrongs of Wages slavery.—
 Bend yonr neck* tn the yoke; give up year
 right of lor»*moiK»n, excepl at the will of sir
 ither; get np«»n the auction Mock*, and let the
 tuclioneer sell you to the highest bidder;
 iM»t your wife up iberp beanie you let her
 ie sold to a patriarch in irgmia, ami yourself
 to soother in Alabama or Mississippi. Then
 aelp up your little son*, and let them be sold—
 me here—another there— scattered throogli
 •ut the States, to be slaves for life. Now,
 your daughters, bloocmug iu youth aud beauty
 —get them also up by your side. Hear the
 tuctiooeer praise their goodqnahties— Young
 —only sixteen $5OO bid I must hav*-
 oore than that, gentlemen She is intelli
 .reat!” s6oo!’* Tea gentlemen! you
 wgin to ace her value! $6OO only $6OOl
 She docile, and will not disobey orders!”
 •*$700!” “Ah! that’s right—s7oo!”
 vVhile all this u going foi ward, the girl stands
 here crying in the anguish of her soul, and
 .vondcring whether Heaven has ceased to
 ♦itch nver and protect the innocent. A
 crowd of men stand below, uttering their ob
 scene and filthy jests. The auctioneer pro
 ceeds—Yon do not know half tier value
 Any gentleman might he proud ol such a
 girl!” Draw a veil over the rest. You
 have seen such scenes described. Yon know
 now the fainting victims are exposed; how
 tiunr every sentiment of womanly delicacy is
 lUtraged. After heing subjected to this
 revolting exhibition, your daughters ate
 told to some vile wretches, prematurely grey
 with indulgence in every filthv vice, for
 purp&lt; ses not to be named. Your sons are
 •♦old into slavery, and taken from yon your
 wife is sold to a Southern shvedriver vou
 ire yourself a slave And you are told that
 slavery, as it exists in the Southern States,
 s the best organization of human labor
 I Ate you not ready to exclaim, “Out upon the
 rile scoundrels who perpetrated that lie
 I Yet there it is aye! our very dear fellow
 countrymen, for the preservation of union with
 whom, we will encounter any difficulty, and
 endure any amount of disgrace, not only say
 this—but they put it in practice? every day.
 Beings that have the effrontery to call them
 selves men, in the Southern Stales of this
 Union, do all this, except that they do not
 sell themselves. They sell their wives—
 those, at least, who are their wives in tin
 sight of Heaven they sell their sons the&gt;
 sell their daughters. They believe that “sla
 very is the liest organization of human labor;’’
 indof course they consistently act upon that
 relief. Their numerous family cannot all live
 in idleness; and though the blow may rend
 their tender, fatherly hearts, their childrci
 1 nust bo sent into slavery, and the loving
 •arent, much against his will, is compelled t«
 pocket the price paid for hi 3 offspring! Lan
 ruage is wholly incompetent to the expres
 sion of the hideous enormity of such crimes
 Tophet itself cannot fur ish terms blacl
 enough bv which to designate such villains.—
 Union with slaveholders!” Where is tin
 nan who would not shrink, as if stung by ai
 adder, from the touch of tlieir guilty hands?
 But they are negroes who aie thus sole
 and made slaves.” No such thing. If they
 were negroes, the tvickedness of the deed i«
 by no means lessened on that account. The
 tegro is a mao. As a man, iiis rights are the
 iame as those of other men. It does not
 nake a shade’s difference whether the human
 oeings who are thus injured are black as
 ebony or fair as alabaster. But they are not
 til negroes. Many of the slaves at the South
 ire nearly or quite as white as their masters.
 A correspondent of the New York Evening
 Post says
 At Montgomery, the only remarkable
 thing I saw, was one of the waiters behind
 uy chair at breakfast, whose face exhibited
 so little affinity with the negro type, that 1
 inquired of liis black fellow-servants whether
 fie was a white or a colored man. He was a
 slave like the rest, and a sad thing it was to
 see. He was a fine handsome fellow, with a
 aright and intelligent countenance.”
 But ibis toast further affi ms, that slavery
 is “sanctioned by morality.” There isone
 flesh of beasts, another of fishes, another of
 luirds;” there is also a morality of Heaven, a
 morality of earth, and a morality of hell.—
 j Doe.' the morality of Heaven sanction slavery?
 j No it proclaims the universal brotherhood of
 die human family. Does the morality of
 *arth 4 sanction slavery No: men cvery
 where throughout the civilized world raise
 i their voices against it. There is only one
 other kind of morality—the morality of h*ll'
 j This sanctions slavery.
 It is sanctioned by the Constitution.” I
 do not know, and do not care much h bother it
 •is or not. If it were sanctioned by all the
 Constitutions in the universe, that could never
 make it right. But thin I do know—that if
 the American Constitution sanctions slavery,
 it has been well amt truly named an a&lt;rree
 i
 t menl with hell.”
 Here is a sentiment which may be sup
 i posed u&gt; have beeu given by Senator Butler,
 j when he was too far goue to know what ho
 was saying
 i John liana*k and (‘hnaiofher iiudsden
 i When history shall repudiate the lessons in
 culcated by their example, resistance to the
 i injustice of violated compacts and the oppies
 i sion of numbers will be a crime.”
 W hat did the slave standing at the door of
 tlie dining-room think of that doctrine Does
 not he every day suffer the oppression of
 numbeis Is not the strong ann of this
 Union placed upon his neck 1 Is not that op
 i pression a crime and why is it not 1
 The Senator also made a speech, probably
 sbout the same stage of the proceedings, from
 I which the following is an extract:
 Submission to acknowledged wrong is
 wilful degradation. Public senum nt should
 not be allowed to sleep over luikmg dangers,
 fvo*. Mason, whom John Randolph character
 ized as the e g c-ered sod most gifted states
 man that Yngt.ua ever bred, lias a clause in
 his will fiitl ut instruction. It is to ibis put*
 port: That a private station, fiooi his expo-
 I nence, is ooe that be would recommend aa
 iixwt conducive of happiness but upon the
 blessings of a parent, 1 charge my children,
 vhould toy public trust nr duty devolve apon
 them by the necessity of the times, to suffer
 •*o fear of any danger whatever—the fear of
 dea*h, nor the fear of disgrace or poverty—to
 deter them from maintaining Use right* to
 which they were born.”
 What is good for the while is good for the
 hhefc—is it not, eb, Senator Butler? Sub
 mission to acknowledged wrong it wilfn) de
 gradation.” “Jew, 1 thank thee for that
 word.” Then you of course behove that the
 seksnissino of the thiee millions whom yon
 and your Southern brethren hold in bondage.
wv ''wilful degradation. You, at
 could have nothing to object, if they wptp tr&gt;
 nsc in arm* to-morrow, and throw otf &gt;h*
 yoke of their oppressor*. But there n a
 more excellent way.
 Here is a verse of the song, h will
 for a sample of the ret. Nr ter were v&gt;nj
 ami poetry prostituted to a worse cnn*e
 Ye Southern freemen wake to action.
 Mark! hoik' oor ooustrv tVct« rue.
 Shall our rights by *ile infraction
 Be MKTtfired hef &gt;re onr e&gt;es’
 Sl«ll Northern Whigs, their mnntier* »n#;: (0 g
 With rant in; took, a masiar hst,
 l&gt;rcfaw« w* shall no lonser toast
 Our cherishM Union, Fredora’s dwelling'
 Arise—arwe. ye heave'
 Our banners be imfurkv'
 We’ll swear, we’il inr»r ow rights to save.
 Proclaim it to the world.
 This is not less inconsistent than the other
 proceedings of that dinner party. tht r
 cherished Union—Freedom’s dwelling
 Freedom has chosen a strange dwelling-place,
 if the American Republic ts it. But it u a
 misnomer. It is the dwelling-place of Sla
 very almost the only country in the wi&lt;j«
 world on which Slavery can rest her foot. md
 this is the disgrace that must and will attach
 to it, till the three million victims of Ameri
 can oppression are elevated to their nghu'ul
 position of men and citizens.—j. n.
Canada.--Annexation
 The recent disturbances in the Province*
 have set quite a number of editors and p»»lin
 ctans in this country all agog on the subject of
 annexation. Assertions arc rife in many
 quarter*, that the t’.inadi.ms wish annexation,
 and arc prepared fot it. These surmises are
 premature, and rest on a very shallow fnnn
 daii&lt;’n. The party who at present are np in
 rebellion against the government arc the Ti
 ries or rather it is no party at all, but a
 sma’l knot of the red-hot fire-brands of the
 Tor party. They at least would as soon
 think of being annexed to the moon, or be
 conri ng a portion of the Russian Empire, as
 of b’ing annexed to the l nitod States They
 abh* r everything m the shape of popular re
 presentation. They cling to old abuses and
 1 corruption with an unyielding grasp, and
 cannot end urn the idea of being made rrspon
 sible for their acts to the popular voice of
 what they arc pleased to call a mob con
 stituency. The liltenl party, on the other
 hand, true to the principles of genuine dc
 mocracy, and seeing how those principles are
 violated under the Constitution of this partial
 1 Republic, are equal I v averse to annexation.—
 They love liberty, and hate slavery; and
 therefore they never will consent, b 7 becom-
 I ing citizens ot this I'nion, to lend the strength
 1 of theit arms, and the sanction of their name-
 I to the atrocious.slave system of the Southern
 i States, or to the ridiculous proscriptive sys-
 I cm of the Northern States. Here is an ex
 tract from a Canadian paper, which .-.hows
 i what the liberals there think of annexation
 I The ink would not be dry which would
 unite us to the car of the American Republic,
 I before our land would bo overrun with hunters
 for tho blood of our colored refuges. The
 i prestige that the man who sets his foot on
 ,i British soil is a free man, would be gone fur-
 I ever. Millions would not compensate such a
 I I loss, or balance the deep degradation of hav
 ing the slave hunters on|oui soil. Noffrlend
 11 of Libeity should ever dream of such a con
 j nection. The chains are falling from almost
 j every people under the sur.—ltaly, (Germany,
 1 Hungaria, fight for their freedom —Poland,
 sigt&gt;3 for it. The serfs of Southern Europe
 are freed—Egypt releases her bondmen;—
 France iirone sentence breaks every chain in
 her Islands—Sweden, Denmark, Holland,
 are in the very act or doing so. But what i«
 done in the United States! Not a movement
 can|be successfully made for the emancipation
 of a single slave.’
 Is not this tru', and is it not deserved
 No friend of liberty would ever dream Oj
 such a connexion.” That man’s idea of lib.
 erty means something. It can embrace all
 black, white, red, brown, in the wide bond
 of brotherhood. He, unlike very many of
 those who, in this land, talk loudly about the
 freedom enjoyed by the citizens of this glo
 rious Republic,” believes that the liberty
 which is loved by and is good for the white
 man, is also loved by and is good for the
 black, tho brown, and the red roan. Our
 boasting republicans are wonderfully apt in
 forget that ihat freedom i»of a very mongrel
 breed, which is good only for one man—for
 one m3n and his immediate friends ami faror*
 ites—or for one particular class in a rom
 munity. VVhy, the veriest despot that eier
 walked the earth thought just .o, all th**
 ditTcri nee between him and ihe ro-ralled lov
 ers of liberty in this land, is, that he made thr-
 Lcircle a degree narrower than they do. There
 I is only one clause in the law of liberty, am!
 i thr.t is a simple and a short one —nanielv,
 —F.very man is entitled to all the rights am!
 privileges of every other man. When one
 infringes in any way upon the rights of hw
 neighbor, he may he very sure, that he is not
 acting in accordance with the law of liberty
 nor is it needful, before he arrives at this eon
 elusion, for him to inquire what is the coloro 1
 hi* neighbor. Right is of no color, hallows
 of no restrictions; it acknowledges no caste.
d this Canadian editor, though reared ib«-
 •iihject of a king, has roine to this conclusion,
 which many of the more highly favored citi
 zens of this land, with its free institutions and
 popular representation, have failed to reach.
 I/et Canada escape, under the guidance of her
 liberal party, from the trammels of mou.irchr
 and aristocracy, and she will speedily show e«
 an example of what is the tine meaning ot
 the word liberty.
 There is still another reason why Canada
 should not be annexed to lto Untied .States
 Would she be admitted aa a fine or as a sh**‘
 State' Free, of course there are no slaves
 there now and never can be slaves there,
 she would have to be admitted, beside*, not
 as one free State, but as several. That vwt
 extent of territory is much too wide to be
 comprised under one government, if the otto
 States of the bnion are of the proj«r d.ioeo'
 VV ell, oow, our shareholding misters
 won’t have any more free States, not ooe, d
 they can possibly avoid it, eertaioly not two«
 three. They want as many more slave .State*
 a* ran be got by fair means or foul. Every
 ■etome of annexation Sooth, they arc ready
 to look upon with favor; every scheme o(
 annexation North, will meet with their n*** l
 determined opposition. Taking all the**
 things into coostderauon, it does sppeat very
 likely that Canada will not be annexed to dw
 United Stares; more especially as she has
 yet succeeded w making her escape from lb&lt;
 Mioeg gnpe of the British laos. J.
 Umar C. Weight passed through this
 eity, on Wedaeaday last, on his way west
 He expects to spend the summer in Oh*&gt;.
