|J oetrji.
 From the Hartford Republican
 THE NORTH STAR
 it r.tOftct w. ii'lttt
 t pool dowß-troAfo •h**! om **fhit
 Resolved that ere the morrow’- »ifb«
 uhouM l**m on him, he’d take hi« flifht.
 Whatever might hetwh him i
 He bade hi* weeping wife *ooa-h\r.
 IVn dashed a soft tear from hi.
 Looked at the -Ur up in the *ky,
d -aid that star ‘boaWl funk him
 (Sen beneath the silver a learn.
 Ho climbed the hill, aad swam the stream.
 To realiie a golden dream
 Of happiness and freedom,
 The fugitive (flopped on hi. way,
 W hen negro-night brought forth pale day,
 lot) where the footsore traveller lay,
 There were an friends In heed him.
 He slept beneath the broad blur sky,
 Flie -un htaxed in the benign* on high.
 The wood-bird rang hi* Uißaby,
 He dreamed of chains he’d riven
 When he rose up in that loneaome ptaar.
 Haunt hunger stared him in the fore.
 And yet Ik still pursue,! the rare,
 l&gt;*d by that light in heaven.
 He scared the wild beaat from hi. lair,
 And day light found him resting where
 \o knotted scourge his flesh could tear.
 No Iwgle blast could rout him:
 Buds and ljerries were his food.
 Briars and brambles paved hi* roud.
 The slimy snake and rusty toad,
 Hiased and crawled about him.
 God-speed the freedom-seeking Idack.
 Red streams stripe his smarting l»ck.
 Bloodhounds are laying on bis track.
 So lie must fly the faster:
 lie spring- into the leaky skill.
 And though his limbs are&gt;orc ami still.
 He hoists the sail—winds fill the reef,
 Ami bear him fro™ hi master.
 FELLOW-WORKERS.
 From the crevice of a cloudlet
 In the eastern grey,
 Came a beauteous Beam of brightness.
 leading in the Day:
 Flow ret* woke up, as she softly
 Stole upon the land;
 Joyfully tl»e leaves and gias.-es
 Clapped their dew-wet hands'
 Over field and over fore«t.
 Silently she went.
 Like some inesseuger in earne-i.
 &gt;n some mercy bent.
 By a quiet, sltady ltcdgerow.
 In a sheltered nook;
 Where we love to linger, reading
 In tiodV leafy book;
 There a lender shoot of greennes-
 Claimed earth’s needful care,
 And the Beam, so soft and gentle,
 Was be-id, it there;
 Ami, with streaming hands of silver,
 Bent she down in prayer,
 While a murmur, indistinctly
 Rose* U(K)ti the* air;
 Oh! behold this gem of lieauty
 Passing into life;
 Coine, thou golden god ol noontide.
 Help it in this strife!
 I w ill lint its slender leaflet
 And its fragile bower;
 Kay of sunshine —Cellow-wother
 Help me with thy power 1
 Light and heat were fcdlovv -worker-.
 And God blessed tire deed
 for the flower was passing lovely,
 Though a simple wee.l'
 Tliero are many gems of goodness
 Dormant in each breast,
 Lying tire re in sad lialf-sltuidsT
 And unquiet rest.
 Fain would they lioth l&gt;ud and blo^-om,
 Bui, wiUiin Uie soul,
 Prisoned are they—nothing nearer
 To tlie distant goul-
 Coine, oh, silvery Beam of Knowledge*
 Turn tire dumb intent
 To a speaking, healthy action--
 For this wert thou sent.
 B&lt;* tlrou, too, a fellow worker
 Glowing Ray ot l»ve;
 Pierce w itnin the sheltered hedgerow
 Draw tire germ above;
 Souls that else were poor and litelcs-
 Shall evolve new powers
 Weeds upon the wayside wartLless,
 Pliall Ik God’s blessed Flowers 1
 SONG OF STEAM
 When I -ate an anny upon the laud,
 A navy ojvm the seas,
 Creeping along, a snail-like band.
 Or waiting a wayward breeie;
 When 1 saw the peasant faintly r**el
 With the toil which lie faintly bore,
 he turned at the tardy wheel.
 Or lugged at the weary oar
 When I measured ilie pantiug courser’s spt-ed.
 The flight of the carrier tlove.
 As drey bore a law a king decreed.
 Or the lines of impatient love;
 I could not but think how the world would Irel,
 As these were outslrq&gt;|x;d afar,
 When I should be tiouiid to tlie rushing keel.
 Or chained to the flying car 1
 lla! iia' ha! They found me at last;
 And they invited me forth at length;
 Ami 1 rushed to iny throne with a thunder blast.
 And lauglied in my iron strength!
 Oh! then you saw a wondrous change
 On tlw* earth and ocean wide,
 Where now my fiery armies range.
 Not wait for wind or tide.
 Hurrah! hurrah’ the waters o’ei
 Tin* mountain,, strep decline
 Time—.pace have yielded to my power—
 fb*' world—the world is mine!
 The giant streams of tin* queenly weal.
 And the Orient floods divine.
 Tire Ocean (tales where’er I sweep.
 To hear tuy -irtogth tejoice,
 And monsters of ihr Lctny deep
 Cower tremblin'; at my voice;
 1 carry the wealth uml the lord of earth,
 The thought ol the god like mind.
 The wind lags after my going forth.
 The lightning is left behind.
 In the darksome depth of tlie fathomless none.
 Mv tireler* arm doth play,
 Where tlie rocks ne’er saw the sun’s decline.
 Or tlie dawn of tlie glorious day
 I bring earth’* glittering jewel* up.
 From the hidden caves la-low
 Aud 1 make the fouutain’. grauite cup
 With a chry/lal push o’etfluw
 I blow the bellow*, I forge the steel.
 In all tlte .Imp* of trade;
 I hammer the ore and turn the wheel,
 W here my arm. of slreugth are m*k
 I manage ill. furnace, the mill, the mint.
 J carry, I spin, I weave;
 And all the doing*, 1 put »n print.
 On every .Saturday eve.
 I've no muscle to weary, no breast to decay,
 No boor, to be laid on the shelf,”
 And *oou 1 intend you may go aud play.”
 While I manage Uie work! myself
 But harness me down with vtmr »roa bands.
 Be sure of your curb aad reia,
 For I acorn the strength of your puny hand*.
 A» the temppat c^“'l
0 election o.
C APT Al* KrPPIVOTT AND KING
 CHRIXTOFHE.
 Captain Jedekiah Huffnott comman
 ded the brig legerdemain, of Provi
 dence, in the year 181 f, on a vovage to
 Cape Henry, in St. Domingo. He
 was a atout, burly-looking young man,
 who had a tolerably good opinion of
 himself, thought he knew a little more
 than half a dozen common tnen, and
 affected a plain, blunt, otf-hand manner
 of speaking. He was not overstocked
 with discretion, and consequently some
 times got involved in unpleasant
 scrapes, from a Inch he generally es
 caped by acting the part of a bully, al
 though like many brawling blusterers,
 he was really deficient in true courage.
 Once, however, he found himself in a
 predicament, caused by his imprudence
 and folly where his swaggering air
 could not save him—where even liis
 impudence forsook him, and he felt
 and looked like an arrant poltroon.
 ('apta in Huffnott was passing along
 one of the streets in Cape Henry, one
 forenoon, in company with two other
 ship-masters—he was rather free with
 his jokes in regard to the inhabitants—
 all blacks—and criticised rather freely,
 tbeir appearance, style of living, dress,
 fashions, ice., which he considered a
 tine specimen of the burlesque. His
 companions in vain endeavored to check
 the exuberance of his wit, especially as
 they saw several stern-looking blacks,
 regarding him with an eye of suspicion
 from time to time, as if they believed all
 was not right. But to alt their remon
 strances Ruffnotr replied, “Poh, these
 darkies are all French, and speak noth
 ing but their detestable Creole lingo.
 These know not a word of English—and
 if they did, ’t w ould make no difference
 —I don't care a copper for them."
 “Nevertheless,” said Captain Hast
 ings of the schooner Peartrcc, of New
 buryport, “it is as well to be on your
 guard. Some fellow among them may
 he able to u iderstand English—and it
 would be paying dear for your whistle
 to be thrust into a noisome dungeon for
 six months, and perhaps for life, as a
 penalty for what voii consider harm
 less joke.
 “Nonsense,” exclaimed Ruffnott—“
 You are frightened at shadows. 1
 should like to see the Blackcy thal
 would dare to lay a finger on nm. The
 idea is ridiculous.”
 “Well, you may laugh,” replied his
 friend, “but it is well to conform to the
 customs of the people you are among,
 for the time being, ifby so doing yon
 make no sacrifice of principle or duty,
 The blacks have got the weather-gage
 here in St. Dimiugo, and the white*
 must give way—and as we shall be
 here but a short time, we may as well dc
 it with a good grace."
 “Yet,” replied Captain Ruffnott, “ii
 is hard for a man, who has been sc
 much in South Carolina and the othei
 Slates, where the slaves are kept undei
 by the lash, and know and are made tc
 keep, their proper places in society, t&lt;
 he obliged to how and smile in the
 presence of the darkies of St. Domingr
 —ah, and shake them by the hand, in
 vile them into jour cabin—to a seat a
 your table—and visit at ic?
 and say soft things to their eoouy wive
 and daughters. Faugh!”
 j “Hush,” said Hastings in a jov
 i voice, directing his attention to a fim
 j looking, able-bodied negro, plainly bu
 j neatly dressed, who was passing by
 1 and who seemed to regard them tvitl
 j some interest.
 “Poh!”exclaimed Ruffnott aloud—
 j “He’s a French negro—l can see i
 j by the cut of his jib—and a stout athle
 tic fellow he is, too. What a fraim
 —what muscles—what a capacious
 chest! It is a shame that he should he
 loafing about here with nothing tt
 i do. lie looks as if he considers him
 -1 self of some importance, too—perhap?
 ;he is one of the aristocracy! Ha, ha
 ilia 1 11* 1 had him one voyage with me
 on hoard the Legerdemain, I’d take the
 'shine and polish off of him. 1 'll engage
 1 Oh! iwish he was my property, and I
 had him in Charleston or New Orleans
 I'd quickly turn him into money. Hc’c
 bring from eight hundred to a thousand
 dollars, quick.”
 j “Hush, hush, for mercy's sake, be
 silent,” said his companions in an en
 treating lone —for as the object of theii
 i remarks passed along, they thought
 j they perceived a meaning smile on his
 j visage—a smile w hich seemed to par
 take more of contempt than merriment,
 i “Hush, my good fellow If he should
 overhead you, and understand English,
 you arc lost.”
 “Psha!” said Ruffnott, snapping his
 finger and raising his voice, “I don’t
 care that for him, or for any other negre
 in the island—not even for that black
 old thief, Christophe, himself, whe
 ought to have been strung up by the
 j gills like a haddock, a dozen vear*
 a g»&gt;!”
 The features of the Haytien now’re
 laxed into a broad grin, as he went
 slowly on his way, apparently rejoic
 j ing. This significant grin was seen by
 j the Yankee Captains who were with
 Ruffnott, and they predicted that evil
 would grow out of his foolish and insult
 ing remarks. But Ruffnott himsell
 manifested indifference as to the result
 —and, probably as a cloak to his
 feelings, was quite merry on the occa
 sion, and continued to per|&gt;etrate his
 gibes and jokes at the expense of the
 blacks during the remainder of his
 walk.
 Hie Legerdemain was nearly ready
 for sea—and an hour or two alter the
 Capt. Ruffnott was
 standing on the quay, waiting for his
 boat, in the midst of u throng of good
 hearted, jovial fellows, Americans and
 Englishmen, ami was describing, with
 a smile ot exultation, the adventures of
 the morning, when a circumstance oc
 cured w hich change his smile nftriumph
 into a stare «4 consternation. “The
 black rascals!” said Ruffuott, “it really
 amuses me to see them look so big, and
 talk so loud, and strut about giving or
 ders to the whites, as if they were the
 only a ur ,l lord, of the land. ()ll
 «h° u ld like In have them under ioy
 thumb tor a while-id change their
 lone, and .how them what they were
 “lluah, hush!" ,nd Oltbv old
 .hipmastcr “lfyou are not altogether
 a fool, you II hold your tongue until
 you get out of gunshot of the forts, un-
less you long to be qu*intcd with Um
 w ounf «oo» *0 the Emperor’s palace o
 Sum Souci—and those who enter then
 ere never beard of aAerwards.”
 “Paha! That’a all gammon. 1 aboub
 like to aee any of Christophe’s officer
 attempt to arrest me. They dare no
 do it. With a good kick oo the shim
 I d send them bowling awav.
 “Kick shins, hey! Like to see yoi
 try it, Mr. Captain,” said a smart-look'
 ing negro, with a large epaulette 01
 each shoulder, and a sabre by his aide
 who suddenly stepped in front of tin
 redoubtable Ruffhoti! The aatonishec
 Captain did not raise his foot—bu
 casting a glance around, beheld som&lt;
 half a dozen savage^looking, ill-clac
 negro soldiers, each with a drawn cut
 lass in his hand, and a sardonic grin ot
 bis features, as if they were playing
 off some pleasant joke!
 Ruffhott, for the life of him couk
 not see the joke. He turned pale—hit
 limbs trembled—and while his friendi
 instinctively retired to a distance, hi
 stammered out, in a faint voice, “Whe
 do—you —want
 The ebony officer displayed a doubli
 row of polished ivories, which wouli
 have served as a good stock in tradi
 for a modern dentist, as he replied, ii
 lan alarmingly business-like tone, ant
 in tolerably good English, that his or
 1 ders were to conduct him to the Em
 peror’s presence.
 “Why—wh—a—t” exclaimed Ruff
 |nott —“what can he want with me? 1—
 I—am all ready for sea—and must sai
 I to-morrow morning. There must sure
 ly be some mistake,” continued he, ii
 a gentle tone, and making the sabh
 officer a low bow. “It mu9t be one o
 those gentlemen yonder, for whom hi:
 honor is interested. The Emperoi
 don’t know me. I never saw him ii
 iny life—and—T—l—don’t want to sei
 him!”
 j “Never mind!” said the officer,’
 “he has seen you—and that’s no
 enough—he wants to see more of you
 There’s no mistake in the matter. It’i
 all right.”
 “Heaven grant that it may be so,’
 murmured the frightened Captain, ai
 at a signal from the officer, a couple o
 stout fellows seized Ruffhott by th&lt;
 collar, and without much ceremony,
 forced him from the quay, while theii
 hard knuckles compressed his wind
 pipe in a most uncomfortable manner
 The poor fellow, as he was forced away
 cast a despairing look at his coin pan
 ions, whicn said, as plainly as a 100 l
 can say—“ Farewell. I w’onder if
 shall be shot or hanged!”
 And there was reason for alarm
 Christophe, the King of the northen
 part of the island, was noted for hi:
 ferocity, and recklessness of humai
 i life. He was a friend and officer o
 Toussaint—and in the early period o
 the insurrection, distinguished himsei
 iby his courage and conduct. He wai
 Governor of Cape Francois when th&lt;
 i French expedition, under General Le
 Clerc, arrived at that port—and it wai
 by his orders, and under his immediati
 direction, that the city was abandonei
 by the blacks, and totally destroyed bj
 fire. He remained faithful to his friern
 and patron as long as there appearec
 any prospect of successfully contend
 n g against the French. After Tous
 saint had been captured througl
 treachery, and spirited away to Eu
 rope, where he met a lingering deatli
 in the dungeon of a castle in the moun
 tains of Switzerland—when the dread
 tul diseases incident to the climate, hac
 sweept away the French troops by
 thousands, and among them the com
 mander of the expedition—then Chris
 tophe joined the blood-thirsty Dessaline*
 iin expelling the white men from the
 island. Success attended their efforts
 —and Dessalines was subsequently re
 i cognized as the “Emperor of Hayti.”
 Rut he was a tiger in human form
 and executions and massacres were his
 I favorite amusements. While he
 I reigned, Christophe was regarded as
 an able General—intelligent and brave
 —but not cruel. Dessalines was assas
 sinated—and a long and furious war
 arose for the supremacy, between the
 blacks headed by Christophe, and the
 i mulattoes headed by Petion. After
 several sanguinary engagements, and
 successes and reverses on both sides,
 Christophe established himself as King
 ,of the northern and eastern section of
 i the island, and Petion ruled in the south
 and west, as Presiient of a Republic.
 Christophe lived in imperial pomp
 and splendor at ('ape Henry—formerly
 Cape Francois. He was surrounded
 by guards, and his palace, or citadel,
 called Sans Soucie, a few miles without
 the walls of the city, was a truly ina-
 I perial residence. But now that he
 had attained despotic power, his char
 acter was with his fortunes, also
 changed. He ruled with a rod of iron,
 i and was a despot iu every sense of the
 j word. Many instances are related of
 his unnecessary severity, and of the
 lowestitnate which he put on human
 life.
 And now Captain Rufinott was sum
 moned before this terrible despot; and
 it is not perhaps surprising that his
 heart failed him. He was well paid
 for his folly in attempting to pass for a
 i bold, dashing, fear-nothing fire-eater. I
 ,He knew that Christohpe was more
 1 friendly to the United States thaii to
 1 other nations, and was desirous of
 keeping up a close commercial inter
 course with our country; but he also
 knew' that he was a determined sangui
 nary villain, who would hardly be res
 trained by such considerations, from
 wreaking his vengeance on any indi
 vidual who had given him offence. And
 then he sought to conjecture why he
 was thus summoned before the black
 monarch.
 His suspense, however, was not of
 long duration, for he was soon ushered
 through a regiment of grinning blacks,
 into the polace of Sans Soucie Rich
 ly-dressed officers were there in abun
 dance reclining on settees or chain,
 or passing in and out of the various
 j-ooms.—They regarded Ruflnot, when
 escorted into the spacious ball, with a
 look of supreme contempt, as if he was
 a being of inferior race. And indeed
 Ruffnot, at the tune, overcome with
 terror, would gladly have acknowledged
 their superiority, and bowed down be
 fore them, and solicited their compassion
 and favor, provided such a course i****iM
 have secured him from harm, and
 hastened his return unsepthed to his
 good old brig, the Legerdemain.
Christophe gazed freely die
 fMor dejected Yankee for a few mo
 ments, while diabolical write over
 spread hit ebony feature*. He seemed
 to regard him with much the same sort
 of sattefectioo with which a cat eyes a
 mouse, after her claw ia fastened upon
 the trembling animal. Ruffiiot cower
 ed beneall) that savage exulting glance.
 He could not say a word, and would
 hare sunk upon the marble pavement,
 if be had not been well supported by
 an officer on each side.
 After enjoying deeply the confusion
 and evident agony of the imprudent
 Yankee, the Emperor, in clear, well
 modulated voice, and intolerably cor
 rect English, said, in a tone of cutting
 sarcasm, So, Captain, you would sell
 me for a slave, hey! Who ia the mas
 ter now, and who is the slave t Ha,
 ha, ba!” and his laugh sounded moat
 unmusically in the ears of his victim.
 “You honored me with the epithet of
 black old thief,’ too—me, King Henry
 the First. What do you say now?”
 “Oh pardon, pardon! Sire! Be mer
 ciful, and I will ever bless you,” mur
 mured Ruflhot, as he sank ou his knees.
 “Pardon, hey?” continued Chris
 topbe. You have quickly changed
 your tune, Captain. What a pretty
 figure you cut now! What right have
 you to expeet pardon from an old black
 thief, who ought to have been strung
 up by the gills like a haddock, a dozen
 years ago—-hey? Answer me that?”
 Ruffiiot did not attempt to argue the
 question, but imploringly replied—“Oh
 pardon, pardon! I will never do so
 again!
 The grin of exultation passed away
 from the features of Christophe, and
 gave place to a look of stern severity,
 while in a voice of thunder he exclaim
 ed, You poor mean contemptible ras
 cal! You despise the blacks, do you—
 while you have nothing to boast of but
 your color! If I had an officer or sol
 dier as cowardly and worthless as
 yourself, he should be hanged within
 an hour—and you should be shot or
 hanged, if you were worth the trouble,
 or if there were no other means of
 getting rid of you. You are unworthy
 of the country or the race to which
 you belong. General Ettiene,” said
 he to an officer who stood near, take
 this fellow' beyond the walls of the
 palace and dismiss him. See that he
 leaves the port within twenty-four
 i hours, and if he ever dares to exhibit
 his inilk-and-water visage again in any
 part of my dominions, cause him to be
 hanged without ceremony.”
 The officer bowed, and led away the
 Yankee Captain, rejoicing that his in
 significance saved him from immediate
 death. He followed his conductoi
 with alacrity, for he recovered his phy
 sical powers quite rapidly after he had
 retired from the presence of the black
 chieftain. General Ettienne waited
 upon him until he had reached the en
 trance of a narrow and rather steep
 path leading to the city, and then giv
 ing him a sturdy kick, he sent him
 heels over head on his way, shrieking
 with pain, but congratulating himsel
 on his escape from worse punishment
 Capt. Ruffnott reached the quay,
 with a limping gait, and his mind evi
 dently much agitated. He gave vague
 answers to the questions which were
 anxiously put to him by his friends,
 and hurried on hoard his vessel with
 1 all possible dispatch. The next morn
 ing, by sunrise, the Legerdemain was
 under way, and when Ruffiiot found
 himself outside the forts, with a lead
 ing wind and enough of it, he drew a
 long breath, shook his fist at the-island,
 which he was leaving, and muttered
 j sundry impotent imprecations against
 Christophe and his murderous black
 j satellites. He inwardly resolved, how
 ever, that no thirst of filthy lucre
 should ever tempt him again to visit a
 place where the African race had got
 the weather-gage.
 The adventure, although an unplea
 sant one, was nevertheless of service
 to Capt. Ruffnott. It taught him pru
 dence in his intercourse with strangers;
 it taught him to put some restraint on
 his language, and to indulge less in a
 vain, vaunting strain- It gave him an
 insight into his own character, placing
 some traits in a light which he had
 never seen before. And although he
 would never acknowledge it, he learn
 ed a lesson of wisdom from King
 Christophe, which was of great advan
 tage to him trom that time down to the
 present day.
 The fate of Christophe is recorded
 in history. He ruled over the inhab
 itants of a goodly portion of the island
 for about ten years, with all the power
 of a despotic prince—and lived in a
 style of barbaric pomp and magnifi
 cence not often witnessed in these days.
 He wnß well acquainted with the char
 acter of the blacks* «nd following in
 the steps of his former patron and
 chief Toussaint, one of the most re
 markable men of the age, established
 many rules and regulations which were
 of a highly heneticial character. He
 interested himself in the cause of edu
 cation, and effected much towards im
 proving the agriculture and commerce
 of his kingdom. But his ferocity and
 cruelty seemed to increase with his
 years—until not only the people, but
 even his soldiers became disaffected,
 and entertained thoughts of rebellion.
 Yet the wonderful energy of his char
 acter, his ra litary talents, his sagacity,
 his power, and the fear of bis ven
 geance, were so great, that for a long
 time all submitted to his will, even
 after the sable chief was regarded with
 disgust and hatred by the greater part
 of his subjects.
 At length Christophe was attacked
 with rerious illness, which was the sig
 nal of rebellion—nod a general revolu
 tionary movement took place. He
 could not take the field in person, and
 the rebels triumphed. Even his guards
 turned their arms against him, and his
 palace of Sans Souci was besieged by
 thousands of his own troops. In this
 dUenunn, Christophe finding that all
 whs lost, and probably knowing that
 any attempt to nogociate or temporise
 with rebels would bo useless, commit
 tod suicide by blowing out bis brains
 with a pistol bullet! A few minutes
 afterwards, the palace was entered by
 the enraged rebels. The lifeless body
 of the King was treated with shocking
 indignities, and his two soos, princes
 who were highly educated and accom
 plished, were sabred and bayooetted,
 without mercy, by the infuriated rebate.
\%t |i-|.
 Amtmscmm*.
lapMiut i* tumtn.
 TDK’S Paarat fM rad Wire Gnu*
 1 Pfanr. TV Fwrnim PabHc are barebv iafocmed
 IVI Lrttm Pmcm have bm takes ra* bj tV SaV
 wibw far U* was ms amnss***
 ‘-Tfaiisirfrni rr-~—
 aa iaaravaMS to imi as toaadvefa ravofathmim-
 IV whole &gt;paa of Mag. by redariag the experoe
 or wav. WWwm ikty ta» heas aseo-
 they hare met tV decided approbation of
 mrwten. as the folio a ins certificates frost the iatrl
 »T** “d practical former* wboae mm*» v*
 ttarfaed. absadaadr show:
 CERTIFICATES.
 This an certify that aw, tho Bdbrar*rr». haw
 ser* *ad ased the hams Wheel CSkiwuor.Mirroteo
 S Naths* Ide, of Shriby. Orleans Co., New
 wk. and believe it to hr, as a bbor-mviag ma
 *hi*r, one of the greatest uataurtaacats of the age
 By it, a former ran pot in from tea to fifteen acres
 •ante of wheat in a rear, with the rams amnont of
 team blur; be can also sow it ta much.better order.
 By it also Canada thistles ami other noxious weeds
 may be totally extirpated. Sail machine is so con
 strorted that it can be rcgufatrd to go any depth, by
 mean, of screws on the upper part of the machine,
 and thus either plow op tbe growl thoroughly, or
 only jast brash the rarfoce. Upon the whole, we
 think it decidedly the best mM-hiiu ever invented for
 pulverising the ground and focilitating the bbor of
 the Fanner, and as each we cheerfoiy reosnmend it
 to our brother formers.
 James H. Medley, James Ide
 Enos Newman, John Stevens,
 John C. Wheeler, Hartcs Hedlev.
 Gardner Berry, James P. Anderson.
 Shelby, Co., April 23, 1848.
 I We, the undersigned, purchased one of Nathan i
 Ide’s Patent Cultivators last Fall, and found it 1
 answer the purpose so well, that we Imre this Spring j
 made purrhase of another. We eaa with this Plow i
 1 prepare with two horses, eight acres of Und per day
 I tor wheat, and it is much better done than by the
 J old plows; and the bad pepored by this Cultivator
 will yield 5 bush, per acre more.
 ELI CHCRCH.
 Riga. June, 1848. DENNIS CHURCH.
 After these testimonbls, tbe Subscriber deems it
 unnecessary to eoter into a long and ebborate des
 cription of'tlie implement, with its various modes of
 operation. To he fully appreciated, it must be seen
 and used. No fanner who fully understands his
 interest will lie without one, as it is an invaluable
 implement.
 NATHAN IDE, Patentee. I
 Shelby, Orleans C-0., N. Y., July 1848.
 IDE’S Patent Cultivator is manufactured by
 LEVI WELLS, Buffalo Street, near the Bull's
 Head, Rochester, N. Y., where formers are iuvited
 come and examine for themselves.
ROCHESTER SHOE AND LEATHER
 JOBBING HOUSE.
 THE subscribers at No. 22 State street, take plea
 sure in announcing to the public that they have
 completed arrangements by which they are enabled
 to offer the most satisfactory inducements to all en
 gaged in the sale or manufacture of Roots and Shoes,
 to roue to this market for a supply.
 They are also offering on tin- most favorable terms,
 a large stock of Sole and Upper leather, Kip, Calf,
 awl Morocco Skins, with a foil assortment of Find
 mg, including Lasts, Pegs, &amp;c. Dealers will liud it
 greatly to their interest to examine our stock before
 (Mire hasing elsewhere.
 jylO SAGE PANCOST.
PRINTING PAPER AGENCY.
 WE are Agents for the Buffalo Paper Mills,
 where Paper of the best quality is made from
 pure spring water, very white anil smooth. A sup
 ply of News and Boole Paper kept constantly for
 sale by us, at Mill prices, in large or small lots.
 Any size and quality of Paper uot on hand, fur
 nished at short notice.
 Printers and others will do well to call and exam
 ine the quality and price, at No. 6 Exchange st.
 FISHER Co.
 j}2l Booksellers and Publishers.
British Periodical Literature.
 The London Quarterly Review, the Edinburgh Review,
 The North British Reinrw, the Westminster Review,
 and Blackwood's Edinburgh Magazine.
 'T'HE wick-spread fame of tlieae splendid periodi
 f -L caU renders it needless to Ray much in their praise.
 As literary organa, they stand far in advance of
 anything of the sort now published, while the polit
 ical complexion of each is marked by a dignity,
 candor, and forbearance, not often found in works
 of a party character.
 I They embrace the views of tlie three great parties
 :in England —Tory, Whig, and Radical. Black
 wood and the London Quarterly are Tory; the
 'Edinburgh Review‘Whig; and the Westmin
 ster Review Radical. Tlie North British Re
 view i 3 more of a r eligious character, having been
 originally edited by Dr. Chalmers, and now, since
 his death, Iteing conducted by his son-in-law, Dr.
 Hanna, associated with Sir David Brewster. Its
 literary character is of tlie very highest order. The
 Westminster, though reprinted under that title only,
 i is publiseed in England under the title of The For
 eign Quarterly and Westminster—it being in fact a
 j union of tlie two Reviews formerly republished and
 i reprinted under separate titles. It has, therefore,
 die advantage by this combination of uniting in one
 work the best features of both as heretofore issued.
 The above Periodicals are reprinted in New York,
 I immediately on their arrival by the British steamers,
 |in a beautiful clear type, on fine white paper, and
 are faithful copies of the originals, Blackwood’s
 Magazine, heing an exact facsimile of the Edinburgh
 edition.
 PRICES FOP. 1849, (if subscribed for earl*
 For any one of the four Reviews, S 3 00 per annum.
 For any two do •5 00
 For any three do 7 00
 For all four of the Reviews, 8 00
 For Blackwood’s .Magazine, 3 00
 For Blackwood and the 3 Reviews, 900
 For B Lock wood the 4 Reviews, 10 00
 Payments In be made in all cases in adrnne. e
 CLUBBING.
 Four copies of any or all the above works w ill b
 sent to one address ou payment of the regular sub
 scription for three—the fourth copy being gratis.
 EARLY COPIES.
 A late arrangement with the British publishers of
 Blackwood’s Magazine secures to iis early sheets of
 tliat work, by which we shall be able to place the
 entire windier in the hands of subscribers before any
 Sortion of it can be reprinted in any of the American,
 ournals. For this and other advantages secured to
 our subscribers we pay so large a consideration, that
 we may 1* compelled to raise the price of the Maga
 zine. Therefore we repeat subscribe early w hile
 the price is low.
 Remittances and communications should be always
 addressed, post-paid or franked, to the publishers, I
 LEONARD SCOTT k CO.
 70 Fulton street, New York.
 THE GIRARD LIFE INSURANCE, AN-1
 NUITY AND TRUST COMPANY of Phila
 delphia. Chartered in 1836—Charter Perpetual;—
 Capital, 8300,000 —Benjamin W. Richards, Presi
 dent. Continues to make insurance on lives, grant
 annoiue* and endowments, aadaccept trusts from in- j
 dividual?, corporate bodies, aad courts of justice, j
 and execute them agreeably to the desire of the par-,
 ties, and receive deposits of money in trust or on
 interest.
 The Company add a bonus at staled periods to i
 the insurance for life, and on the 20th of January
 last, an addition was mad to all the policies for life,
 remaining in force and issoed prior to January l*f,
 1842, amounting to 10 per cent, on the sum insured
 in policies issoed in 1837; 7£ per rent, on policies
 issued is 1838, aad ia rateable proportion* according
 to their respr ctive dates.
 The duet object of an insurance for life is to pro
 vide a sum of money at the death of the party insur
 ed, for the benefit of a widow, children, friends or
 creditors; aad it will be sees os examination of the
 table of rates of the life insurance, which will be
 tarnished by the subscriber to all who may feel an
 interest in the anbject, that by paving a small mm to
 the ofiet every year during his life, a person may se
 cure to his family a venr roasidenddr amoas at his
 decease.
 Wherever the system of Life lasmaaee is properly
 understood, h is extensively adopted, aad its great
 advantages to all, Lut more especially to those who
 depend on their own exertions for the support of their
 families, or who may be deoirioas to secure the pay
 ment of a sum of money to their friemfe, creditor* is
 children, at their decease, which they agh be oth
 erwise unable to accomplish, that the operation of the
 system needs but to he explained to caxire the sect
 uas consideration of the public.
 In several laotian f H has happened that the parts
 maned has died shortly after having paid only one
 or two iesti bursts of the premium, when his feasiiy
 have received firum this dbt the fall aamaat for
 which ha had amared.
 Fall iafnrnmiina ua this isaporuat may be
 obtained by apolyiac, prrsoanttjr by letter (post
 paid) at the omce of the ashsenfaer, the aathsrtsed
 •gem of the Girard Life lnmreera Company.
 WILLIAM BAKEWELL,
 Bakewrfl’s Law Beddings,
 Grant street, Putebargh.
 WM. H. TOfP, Msrrhasff Taflsr.ftftf
 way. IhtamaaihaaettMitfCbmit,
 StacksTHnafery. Glovos.fee
 Albany, Fsb 11.1M0.
pßospFxnrs
 iMricu nrtMMfil
 O. S. reffLtt, EDITOR.
 rpOrafarm rad perfect norwlre* and ora race, is
 1 ike oml naked of *U works. Yet.«« do tb*» we
 ■rat train wrad the tinman Graatittdkm. This
 Phrenology. Physiology and Vital Magortirai en»*
 brace, aad cewre rvpiiM.! ill ibr laws of ow
 I nadhiora of happinrs*. and coastituie Ihr philnsn
 pkev’s •tone of Universal Troth.
 PHRENOLOGY
 Each wmhrr will mstsis nlhf the sualy-i-* nnd
 ioralwa of s&lt;rar phtrm.htg'ml ftcwht, ilhutatcd In
 an Engraving, or an annul n* their nrah»i*tiodi«:
 aad also the organiaatiaai -mil character of saw tlia
 tnfpnahrd personage, accompanied K a likeness.
 riiT«io»ooi
 Health I Info. The (nvi untranw'iit of talent vir
 tue aad happiness, all of winch ii augmeats. To its
 perarvTaiion sm! nutinfmii.sierhl attention a ill l*e
 givea.
 MAGNETISM.
 Wkh practial insins non. iiitrfesluig tacts, and
 choice truth- which it unfold*, w ill be prevented in
 this Journal.
 TOIXU MAR.
 The blr«iags they enjoy, the inAuence they can
 wield, and their preparation far Condorting our insti
 tutions, will form the theme of a scries of articles.
 self-improvement.
 W ho does not long narnestiy, and would not strive
 assiduously, to ruhivatr his natural powers, aid
 rnaler himself bettrr and more hnppy? To such,
 earb uuniU-r will he a prompter and text-book.
 TERMS—invariablv in »franco—-ONE IMH.L*
 AR A YEAR
 SAMPLE NI MRKRS of this Journal will be
 sent GRA ITS, w heu .1. -in-d.
 To receive attention, letters aad order-* must br
 PHBT-PAID, :uid dirrct**d to
 FOWLER k WELLS.
 •No 131 Nassau Si.,New York
lITIIJdAM B. Lot, VN, Deaki in F.isluonabb
 If Boots uni Shoes, 80 Purchase Street, New
 Bedford.
 W. B. L. keeps eo»i«.inth oo hand a good assort*
 meat, awl will sell cheap hr cash. Strict attention
 md to cu-loonnade work, by Messrs. Parker and
NORTHAMPTON WATER CURE.
 E!ect”ci*lre ct ci *1 r Hydropathy.
 lit public are respectfully inclined, that since
 Uh&gt; philosophical deduction.-; of ilu&gt; k-.imed Dr.
 Means, of Emory College, Ga., ami the] scientific
 experiments ol .Mr. Hemmer of England,* hare
 recently ami indubitably established ibe fact, tliat
 the conclusions at which the undersigned arrived b\
 the sense of touch, in 1814. are in harmonv with
 natural and physiological laws—(o wit, that the
 human body,-in a healthy condition, is in a pomtht
 Hfftrical and that tlie electrical emanations
 trom the articular surface, indicate health, or the
 symptoms aad character of disease—there is some
 reason to hope, that certain physicians, ignorant ol
 these principles or natural laws, a knowledge ol
 which is essential to the safe and intelligent practice
 ol the healing art, yyill cease their vociferations
 against the positive ei.ectricai. state of the
 human lmd&gt;, and will hesitate to dissuade those
 w hom they have failed In relieve of their complaints,
 from seeking nature’s remedy at the North a up
 ton Water dke. I hits sustained by the light
 of science, tlie undersigned may lie permit ted Imre
 to repeat his experience, that, in all eases where the
 wrist, stomach, or lungs, arc in tlm electro-negative
 condition, the patient is l-eyond the power of watet
 to afford relief. On the other hand, when tlie parts
 of the body alluded to, are in tlie eiecim-positivc
 state, however disarranged, tliere is ground to hope
 for a cure.
 Had not the results ot past years’ practice
 already convinced the public of the'safety or truth
 fulness of the principles by which the undersigned it
 governed, in detecting the symptoms and charactei
 ol disease, and practising the cure, the recent scien
 tific demonstration of their correctness, by Professoi
 Means ami Mr. Hemmer, could not fail to convinci
 the most incredulous.
 Gratefully appreciating the credit so generonsh
 awarded for his success is a Hydropathic Pmct?
 tioner, by a discerning public, and tlie graiitudi
 evinced by tliose whom lie has had the pleasure n
 relieve of their complaints, the undersigned yvil
 assiduously endeavor to sustain tlie credit, and meri
 that gratitude, in the case of every invalid who mai
 afford him an opportunity to effect a cure, by hi’
 original and philosophical method of practice.
 Tlie Northampton Water Cure is pleasantly situ
 aled near Bensouville, on the west bank of Lickin;
 Water, or Mill River, about two and a half mile,
 from the centre of the town. It is convenient!!
 arranged, with separate parlors, bathing ami dress'
 ing-rooms, for Ladies and Gentlemen, well ventil
 ated and conveniently furnished lodging rooms, anc
 a variety of baths, supplied w ith water, which, fbi
 abundance, purity, eiid a.i/ipfedne-s ro water-cure
 purposes, is unsurpassed by that of any other esta
 blishment in this country' Tlie scenery in this
 vicinity is picture sque ami romantic Tliere are a
 variety of pleasant walks, sufficiently- retired, to
 allow water-cure patients to appear as they dmuld,
 Elainly dressed, enjoying their rambles' tv it bool
 ting exposed to public gaze or observation
 Among tlie complaints which arc hire successfully
 treated, are headache, tendency of blood to tlie lieaif,
 cold extremities, general and nervous debility, bron
 chitis, pulmonary affection, liver complaint, jaun
 dice, acute or chronic inflammation of tin* liowels,
 piles, dyspepsia, general debility, nervous and spinal
 affections inflammatory and chronic rheumatism,
 neuralgia, sciatica, lame limbs, paralysis,fevers, salt
 rheum, scrofulous ami erysipelas humors.
 All patients who visit this establishment for a
 course of treatment, -hould furnish tliemselvcs w irh
 three comfortables, three woollen blankets, one or
 two linen and thiee cotton sheets, two pillow cases,
 six or eight crash towels, some well yyorn linen, to
 cut for fomentations, an old cloak or mantle, an um
 brella, ami a pair of .-dippers.
 Terms f&lt;*r treatment ami f*&gt;ard are $5 50 to
 $8 50 |&gt;er week, payable weekly—washing extra.
 A patient who from choice or tlie character of his
 complaint, occupies a room alone on tlie thiril floor,
 will pay #8 00 per week—on the first ami second'
 floors, $8 50 per week. I'atient* requiring extra
 attention or fire in tlieir rooms, (except for swath
 ing purposes,) will fitrni It tlieir own nurses and fuel,
 or pay an extn price.
 D. RUGGI.F.JB.
 KorthnmjJon, Murfh 18-18.
 N.B. Visitors to tlie K tablishment, from tlie
 east, west, or smith, can take tlie cars of the Conn.
 River Railroad at Springfield. Carriages will
 always he in readiness at the .\orthampton depot, to
 convey them hither.
 Tlie human M.*.d, in a normal ami healthy con
 dition of the human system, is in a positive state
 which is constantly maintained by the activity of tlie
 generating sources within—an excess generally paa»
 ing off in silence from the cuticuiar surface, ao that
 out of 356 experiments made by Mr. Hemmer of
 England, upon the uncovered skin,” 322 indicated
 the presence of positive electricity. This surplusage
 of the fluid upon tlie surface, we believe to he indis
 pen-able to the healthful eomlition of the whole
 animal economy, aad that when, from any cause, is
 ee diminished or ceases, diseased action ensues.”
 Geoaddrcss, delivered before the Medical College of
 islSrgia, at die opening of iu annual session. Nov.
 8, 1847, by A. Means, A.M., M.D., Professor of
 Chemistry and Pharmacy, and Professor of Physical
 Science in Emory College, Ga., page 25
 ATHOL WATER Clßfi!
 THE Subscriber begs leave to call tie attention
 of Invalids, especially those suffering from
 chronic disease, to his hydropathic establishment in
 Athol, Mass.
 His house was opened for the reception of patients
 last season, and it is believed offers excellent facili
 ty- to* philosophic and thorough course in hydro
 pathy. The supply of water is abundant, and in
 pontv has been pronounced equal to water on a
 distil fed.” Ihe location is quite eligible, being but
 a short distance from the V. k. M. railroad. The
 vicinity abounds in n variety of scenery, and bar j
 charming grounds for walks and rambles. Ho that
 with the water, suitable regimen, mountain air, and
 exercise, patients can scarcely fail to obtain the
 healthful results for which they labor.
 The following case illustrates this remark. Mrs.
 8., wife of Dea. 8., of Warwick, Mass., aged
 about thirtv-kve yearn, was brought to me last
 Aagmi. tier ram presented the following pheno
 mena. If placed in an erect position, aad left uti
 *he forthwith fell backward to the
 If being well snpponed, she made an
 effirt to warn, eider foot, when carried forward,
 despite her eCrti to the contrary, would cross the
 other. Mhe had keen m this condition nearly a
 tear. Her treatment commenced the 16th of Sept.,
 aad wa* continued tn the 25dt Ort. only, when she
 left, an for recovered aa la be able to walk half a
 mile with raae. ftu*e her return to her family/she
 has routrmicd her barks, with corresponding im
 P«-rm—rat bee hsuhh. tike now attend* to her
 d.mrrtjc duties, aad with the assistance of a small
 I‘H. *be nark of her femilv
 comfortables,
 ene pair wnnHsa blankets, one pair of sheets,
 hslf towels marked, with old tinea lor
 Terms, feme ire fa ten defter* per week, accord
 uw to the ■areamtiee or choice of the patients.
 who me fees pestioifar in the irlniiue ri
 MW willing m nespy them in eeenmew
 with ethers, trill be charged less.
 AM, March, 1848 GBORGS HOYT.
 W*g!F!£r2"? .yrr.
FOfEITf:
 ITS ILLEGAL CAUSES AID LEGAL
 CUES.
 T LYSAKDCR SJ*OOX|r«.
 At Prtriol ralb H—“ A oni mubjAW i n
 P*t*» very remark abfo rwork****, »•_.
 “Whether ail the aatkipHlH.n*
 woirid be realised by (hr full ado, dim
 •a rto nfX here to enqmrr com
 ■raditw endear m to «hr m*** „f whf Ua
 uaaijyaatforc.U, d.etKm-in.repa
 orifim! tbranthl—awUnt.ra f„. IO (hr r r
 f P T v. M r ,al r,,er
 fW, wS (T'Wk^:
 wf! our ftf in a tong imir.
 Haat Mfrtlmit'* M«j»nut «ay*_‘» t jL*.,,
 in bold and original ihwucht*. Thi ;tu..t
 porerty are «f»»ed. ami a aundwr of
 bearing on Ibe wdjrr M ,1,.* tBl) VL
 wbola. «r rou«idrr it a work aril a l&lt;r ,h oj rf
 afford m? an &lt;W« many vatwiMe him* tothr Mats*,
 man and political rrianmiM." 7
 Tl» R»n*&gt;r Garnieray* An able ermi*
 K onginal work. from the ,m ol Lysamfo, Spoon,,;
 E^- —author of U&gt;at pone md bonk wkirh demo,
 strain t lie uarrmstiiwtioaality of Aa*nea„ SU...
 IVt T r r! r a^.^.^ht.raU ltWn
 nearchtnif lltan Spoonrr.,* Tin* new f&gt;rk
 lined to lead to a re examination of all former v
 Teim of poliliral economy.” At first ».hs«h hi* jj.
 nouiical proposition* strike ox as MtMairahle arv‘ t
 tliey are so, his work will prrrail, and produce a/)
 import,!at revolution in the |*re*enf prevailing n.
 tem.
 Every one should read it.”
 BELA MARSH. P„Wi«her. Bo*on.
 Part 1. Priee 2-» Cents.
 j 2538835528
 Mart’s Wrrlablf titrart
 Is the nlv rrmeilj that ran lie lelhd oa for Ibe
 |&gt;eraianeßt core of Spasmodic Contraction*. Irrita-
 Honttl the Nerves, .Nervous or Sick Headache
 Tremor s Neuralgic A flections, Gener!
 Debility, Drflcienry of Nerroon ami Physical Fcer
 jiy, ami all Nervous Di.-onhr-, including the most
 dreaillul of all diseases that i fleet i!ie human race
 EpUrpttr, nr Foiling S»ktr" Hysterical Fits,
 Convulsion*. Spasm.-*, kc li u writ known, that
 Ironi time immemorial, |*h\-irians have pronounceti
 Epileptic Fits incurable, It fo,* Uiflte.l u*.;,.
 skill, and die boasted power of all medicine, and
 i ronsequfutly llion-aud- have suffered through a mis
 erablo existence, ami at last yielded up iheir lives &lt;&gt;c
 die Altar sf Jmxanitif. —The proprietor of the Veget
 lalde Extract, however, foeL* no delieary m saving
 that it can Is- cured. He would, thcrefi&gt;re, respect,
 fully invite phvsN'iane, uwl all others tvlm are inter*
 eslcil. loexami'ie tits- testimony which is lierc oilertd.
 11 it is deeeplion, let i: Is* exposed but if it is
 true, tlii n iu die name of humanity, no longer let it
 lie t-aid dial Epilepsy is incurable.
 H. art's Vrgrtablr Kxtrart. For sixteen years,
 has heen lesteil bv iiianv persons wlki have suffers.!
 with this dreadful dissase, aiul in every case where
 it has had a fair trial, luis effected a fienuaiicnt
 cure.
 I «»L l&gt;* ii'low of Yonkers, New York, Htnies that
 i his dsitighter lias been afflicted with Filn for more
 than nine years, ami has heen cored l y the use of
 i tlie egetal k- Extract.
 Mrs. J. Biadey, Ila Ovcliard ,'lreet, New Y’ork,
 stales that s|m* has been subject to Fits for maxi)
 years, and lias been restored to |ierfect health (after
 every other means hail faihsl) hv the use of tlie
 egetable Extract.
 Dr. Charles A. Bmvvn. of Dover. Russell m.,
 AlaUnna, who is one ol tin* lest Physicians in the
 State, says that la* has been much l&gt;enefitted bv tlie
 use of die Vegetable Extract, and that he unhesitat
 ingly presetils's n iurveiy east* ot Kpilepay w hit'll
 comes under his knowltxlge.
 urns MayUrry, K*|., forir&lt;crlv Postmaster
 at lame Mills, rawlor.l Co., Pa., iwvv living in
 Erie l«., Pa., states that lor many yars i ia „t he
 lias been sorely afilieted with Fits, 'and he i$ now
 happy lo state that a persevering use of Dr. Hart’s
 ■j egctahlc Extract, lias restored him to sound health,
 I beine entirely freed from that worst of all ilineases.’
 r Juiigc Kamlall, N’. 136 Hemy street, New York,
 having used the Vegetable Extract successfully m
 i his family, highly recommends it to all ermine who
 are a (dieted with Fits.
 M. Stephen E. Pratt, e&lt;irner of Sixth Avenue
 i and Twenty-Sixth street. New York, Mates that
 Mr. has, 11. Houghton, a member of his family luu
 been so severely afflicted with Epileptic Fits for
 i many years, that he was obliged to relinquish his
 I business. Having used Dr. Hart’s Vegetable Ex
 t tract (says Mr. Pratt,) lie was soon restored to
 i perfect health, and left this citv for the State ol
 5 Ohio to resume his business.
 Rev. Mr. Smith, Rector of St. Peters Churco,
 Spotswood, New Jersey, who has been afflicted
 with Epileptic Fits for more than forty years, states
 that he has used Dr. Hart’s Vegetable Extract, aud
 i his health has been so much improved tlmt he hope*
 .|*by Divine blessing, to have no more Fits.
 F.j.ihptu Fits. —For twenty-seven vears and six
 I months, cured by the use of this truly wonderful
 medicine.
 Read the follow ing remarkable rase of tlie son ol
 vv m. Secore, Erq, of Philadelphia, afflicted with
 Epileptic Fits twenty-seven years ami six months
 Alter travelling through England, Scotland, Ger
 many ami France, ronsulting the most eminent
 physicians, ami expending for medicine, medical
 treatment and advice three thousand dollars, reiurnrd
 with his son to this country in November last., with
 out receiving any henefii 'w liatever, and was cured
 by using Hart’s Yrgrtablt Extract. —l have ar*m
 over three thousand dollars for medicine and medirai
 attendance. was advised to take a tour to Eu
 rope w ith him which I did. I fiist visited England.
 I consulted the most einimnt physicians there ill
 respect to his case, they examined him and prescri
 bed accordingly. I remained there three months
 without perceiving any change for the better, which
 c«,rt iih* about two hundred and fifty dollars, msk
 eted liy the physicians, and the most that 1 received
 was their opinion that luy- son case was hopeless
 ami POSITIV ELY I.M'I RABLE, 1
 left Englaml travelled through Scotlaml, Germany
 and trance, and returned Irnme i„ the mouth ol
 Novell.Ur last, witli my son as far from U ing&lt; uied
 i as when I left, I raw your arlvpitisenu nt in one of
 the New Y oik papers, and ronelwled to (iy Hart’s
 Vegetable Extract, seeing your statements and
 certificates of so many cures, some of twenty aid
 thviv l» aM standing, ami I can assure you I am not
 sorry I did so, as by I Ik- use of Hart s Vegetable
 Extract alone hi- was restored to PERFECT
 H- His reason, which was so far gom- as to
 unfit him lor liusiness h entirely restored, with the
 prospect now before him of life, beahh ami useful
 ness He u now 28 years of age, amt 27 yca.s 6
 months of this time has been afflicted with this
 most dreadful of but thank Gwl is now
 enjoying goofl health.
 »ir, faith v\itlN&gt;ut works I f)on*t
 in. To say 1 shall Ik* ever grateful to you is oo«
 thing, ami as I liere enrlose you one hundred dohais,
 1 have no doul t liut you will think this auotficr and
 quite a different tiling. Tlie debt of gratitude 1 «tili
 owe you; but please accept this amount as interest
 on the delit in advamx-.
 Yours, very rrspertfiillv,
 (signed) WILLIAM MECORK.
 TESTIMONY I PON TESTIMONY.
 In reference to the almost niintcnloan efficacy i,|
 thin truly wonderful medicine, rernf the following
 ktter from Dr. W. L. Monroe, of Guilford, Oht&lt;s
 one of the most eminent physicians in that place:
 i o August 17, 184 fl!
 Brother laliorer in the cause of humanity Desr
 sir: It is with no small degree of pleasure that 1
 am enabled to announce to you die triumph
 ol your invaluaUe medicine in canes of Epilcpsv 1
 have prescribed it in four i„ this viemity.
 ami it has been highly surremdul in all. Three o
 dm putmots, I uu.l, have Uen nulically cured.
 Ihe t.,tilth oue IS rapidly improving, and will, I
 think without doubt reeoVf-r. I am not in the halat
 of prescribing or reronunriMling |«atent medn ioe*,
 lart when f see an articb.- which prmnises so much
 for the relief of suffering humanity, f foe I my duty
 to recommend it, and I have no hesitatiw in My.
 infflhat as soon as the (acuity are fully acquainted
 with the real merit of your medicine, they will
 close their eye* against prejudice ami lead vow a
 helping hand.
 I wstrihe rnyself yours, sincerely,
 (MiguedJ W. L. MONkOE, M. I&gt;
 To Dr. 8. llart, New York.
 THE TIME IH mTF FAR DISTANT
 W hen thousand* who are now tremblam aiufr
 the land of this dreadful disease, and fearing that
 evevy attack may prove fatal, will lad
 relief and be restored to new life, by a..
 celebrate*l meaiieiiie.
 OVER ONE THOI SAND CERTIP,CATES
 li *7 "Tff 4 «t tha Beachcial
 gey Prepared by S. HART, M. D., N*w York
 S' 10 00
 QO
 c
 THOMAS A MILS, MR Cm
 deemed Peat Paid. l, K •n' be ad*
 A Set v oST* C mr Fmkom d WlUiM&gt;ik
 F Bnchasi.r,
 E. HoUalge, 217 Mam street Buffalo,
 F.A iwEii iSSJZ cw h d 0k
 CO SO, H H&gt;U*. Dw«i,
 w*. Cuaataftam, Mdhraukw Wi.
 y Mi Co., Omm HL
 Doet. T Masoa, DahaqwTTowa.
 C®., St. Loam Mo.
 Aad far Hale kgraamaf tha Dtmmsu.
 iktauriamt the L'aitad tMataa. ‘"W*
 THOMAS A MMXS. Ml Mam mm.
 BM&gt;.m-lY CjamawS OMt
