FREDERICK IX&gt;l i
 li. DELANY, Ei&gt;itora
VOL. IT. NO. 21.
Ihr NORTH STAR is published even
 Friday, at No. 35, Huflalo Mreel,
 {(JpptHSl' the Arcade
 TERMS.
 »(bltiri per annum, i&lt;* ad\. N«-
 p —m I;'ti v.ill Ip iwtirH fr a term tka*'
 month*.
 \.R&lt; rtis'mcnt* not exceeding t*”&gt; lia«
 i li ne* for on* iWhr: ftw iswr
 twvnirdw rent
 TH r. o1»;pct of Oh* V&gt;k iHSi aH »H I* 1 1,1 n,^a,
 Sla» irt in all it* frm a i aJrncaU*
 OVIV( P 1 A F i It** -t'l'i'iir*’
 f I’rm.ir \|or*i irv; p,the r oral atv'i in
 te!k*'ti&gt;.il i-njiTOvrment of the t'or.or.s.n i
 an 5 hot "a the day of FREEDOM to the Thru
 Mini m &lt;t oar E»*i..\vrr&gt; Fct.low foes-
 TRIM'
 pFB! ISIIF.R’.S NOTICES.
 j- yj comnnisicatiwn* rrbtin* t*&gt; the li«*«
 m "f, ,it’ it* Mper, nan*** of *ul**&lt;:ribers, remit
 ..V eh'oJ.i he arUrt *«*4 to John Dhk,
 J tiMi r.cv.
 \r-, „r-, a,td oil other* Mwlm* name*, ar»-
 ia l«’ so-unite, an I utve the i’oxt Ofice,
 t!,« ,/y, art-1 the State. .:u h Suh*crih**r it* im
 luc.ii.iteK credited for money teeeived.
 i~&lt;- \uv per»Mi seoijitisr in the {Kiyment for four
 iiiiM iAm tx, to I** fr*rxv.u o***l to one a&lt;klrw*, nmy i
 ji i\- ;t fifth copy for one year.
 {0“ AH l&lt; tiers and roiiiiimnieations imwt l&gt;e pos'
 paid.
 I.IS 1 &lt;&gt;F Vtil'ATS.
 M cite vi’TTs.—lt. F. aietttl, 21, Coruhill.
 P-.-io.i; Vatli.tMJoii.. &gt;n. Nevt Belford; Horatio W.
 Fn,t.-e. I** well; James V Huffum, l.yim; fieotije
 F.v too, Worcester Bourne Sjkhmiit, I’Krnouth;
 Clwrle* 11. Seth, Spri-tolield D.vil k&lt;t?*f.s,i
 Not!Hampton; H. Carpenter, l plot*.
 11 r i*.»:. —Oliver Dennett, Forlhmil.
 h rust. —Row land T. Kohitnnm. North Frr
 r i-lturc.
 CiiwrcTlCt T.—Joiithi-iii l/Conntd, V xv Haven
 Ni.n Hami'shiki-.—Weave Tapjsn!i. lira hord.
 Nrxv York. —Sydney If. On;., M 2. Nasxan
 Stnet; Jatntw MrCti ie Smith, 03, est Broadway: j
 J.w-pli Pont. WestlMtrv, Htieeu Count*. Marx Har-I
 p; r. Albany; Elias Duty, Macedon: Willetts Kerse,
 I’,Tit, Clinton Conni v WiliiamS. Haltimore, Tmv;
 J. r. Platt, Penn Van; J. Je.Trex, (icttcva; E. 1..,
 Platt. Haiti.
 Uiiniit: bi. xMt, —Ainarnnev Panic, rovtdenec. j
 !*i xnsvi.x til a.—J. M. M f Kim, 31, North Fifth!
 Stir.-:, Philadelphia; W. Goiite«, S. Exchange j
 P!a-e. Ditto; 15.’ a.xvn.Pilt-IntrKh; Win. Whipper,)
 t'ol't.nbia; Ha n* RoK-rts, Jacob 1.. Faxon, Norris-*
 Ihxxu. Montgomery County, Milo A. Townsend,;
 New HiiyiUon. _ _ j
 (111to.—Christian Donaldson, Cincinnati; Wat-,
 *&gt;&lt;m Hi! (iaiin-.-, Diitn; Valentine Nichols &gt;n. Har*|
 xex&lt;b'tr2h. Warren Co.: Samuel Brooke. Salem.
 Vii iitoAN. —Koltcri Hanks, Detroit.
 Indiana. —Joel P. Davis, Economy, Wayne Col
Selections.
 EXTRACTS
 From the Sj#eeh uj Mr. lloKAt t MaNN, hi the Ilmst
 of Ji'jtrtaentative*, Feb. 23, 19-19, Slavery mvl
 th&lt; Slave Trade in the Districted CAumbta.
 [CONTINI t:i&gt;.
 Hut the subject presents a still more
 painful aspect. How are slaves made
 better, and from what rn &gt;tives are they'
 made better, in this,country It is no
 secret that 1 am about to tell There!
 arc certain virtues and sanctities which
 increase the pecuniary value of certain
 slaves; and there are certain vices and
 debasements which increase the mar-j
 ket price of others. If a master wishes
 to repose personal confidence in hi-y
 slaves, he desires to have him honest
 and faithful to truth. But if he desires
 to make use of him to deceive and l
 cajole and defraud, then fie wishes toj
 make him cunning and tricky and false.
 If the master trains the slave to take
 care of his own children. or of his
 favorite animals then he wishes to Lave
 him kind; but if he trains him tor a
 taskpr or a field overseer, then he
 wishes to have him severe. Now, it is
 in this way that some ot the Christian
 attributes of character, being directly j
 convertible into money or money’s,
 worth, enhance the value of a slave, j
 Hence it is said in advertisements, that!
 a slave is pious and at the auction-block,
 the hardened and heartless seller dwells
 upon the Christian graces and religious!
 character of some slaves, with the unc-|
 lion of an Apostle. The purchaser
 sympathizes, and only desires to know
 whether tiie article be a real or a sham
 Christian. If mere.bones and muscles
 compacted into human shape be worth
 five hundred dollars, then, if the auc
 tioneer can wrfTrant the subject to have
 the meekness of Moses and the patience
 of Job, the same article may be worth
 seven hundred. If the slave will for
 give injuries, not merely seventy times
 seven, but injuries inflicted all his life
 long, then an additional hundred may
 he bid for him. If he possesses all
 the attributes of religion and piety, the
 endurance of a hero, the constancy of
 a saint, the firmness of a martyr, the
 trustingness of a disciple,—all except
 those which go to make linn feel like a
 man, and believe himself a man, —then
 that which as mere bone and muscle
 was worth five hundred dollars, is now
 worth a thousand. Sir, is not this sel
 ling the Holy Spirit? Is not this mak
 ing merchandise of the Savior! Is not
 this the case of Judas selling his Mas
 ter over again, with the important ex
 ception of the remorse that made the
 original culprit go and hang himseltr
 But suppose thecase to be that of a
 woman; supp*».w her ability to work
 and capacity for production to he worth
 live hundred dollars; suppose, iu ad
 dition to this, she is young and sprightly
 and voluptuous; suppose the repeated
 m!usum of Saxon blood has almost
 washed the darkness from her skin; and
 suppose she is not unwilling to submit
 herself to the libertine’s embrace; then,
 too, tiiat which before was worth but
 five hundred dollars, will now bring a
 thousand. And infernal as well a&gt;
 celestial qualities are coined into mon
 ey, according to the demands of the
 market and the uses of the purchaser.
 Now", it is only m some such inci
 dental wav, and with regard to some
 individuals, that it can he said, that
 their condition is better here than it
 would be in Africa. And this improve
 ment, where it exists, is not the result
 of any system of measures designed
 for their benefit, but is the product o:
 selfish motives, turning godliness into
 gam; and where more gain or more
 gratification can be obtained by the
 debasement, the irreligion, the pollution
THE NORTH STAR.
of the slave, there the instircts of
 chastity, the sanctity of the marriage
 relation, the holinesa of maternal love,
 are all profaned to give security and
 zest to the guilty pleasures of the sen
 sualist and debauchee. There are in
 dividual exceptions to what I have said,
 —exceptions which amid surrounding
 iniquity shine ‘like a jewel in an Etbi
 op’s ear,’ but they are exceptions.
 Laws, institutions, and the prevailing
 public sentiment are as I have des
 cribed.
 I regard the argument, therefore, of
 the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
 Brows] not only as»utterly unsound
 and false in its premises, hut as blas
 phemous in its conclusions. Common
 blasphemy seldom reaches beyond ex
 clamation. It is some fiery outburst ofj
 impious passion, that flashes and ex
 pires. Hut the gentleman reasons it
 out coolly. His is argumentatve blas
 phemy, borrowing the forms of logic
 that it may appear to have its force.!
 Bnd transferring it from the passions toj
 the intellect, to give it permanency.
 But the gentleman from Pennsylvania
 retorts upon Massachusetts, and refers
 to certain things in her history which he
 ipgards as disreputable to her. In this,
 In* has been followed by the gentleman j
 from V irginia, [Mr. Bedinger,] whoj
 has poured out. a torrent of abuse on!
 my native State, and who has attemp
 ted to fortify his own intemperate ac-&gt;
 ousations from a pro-slavery pamphlet
 which has been profusely scattered'*
 about this House within a few* clays past,
 and which is not merely full of false- j
 hoods, but is composed of falsehoods;
 so that if one were to take the false
 assertions and the false arguments out
 of it, there would be nothing left but
 the covers.' Sir, lam very far from
 arrogating for Massachusetts all the
 merits and the virtues which she ought
 to possess. 1 mourn over her errors,'
 and would die to reform, rather than
 spend one breath to defend them. The!
 recital of her offences can fall more
 sadly upon no ear than upon my own. j
 lint it is as true of a State as of an in-j
 dividual, that repentance is the first I
 step towards reformation. Massachu-i
 setts has committed errors; but* when
 they were seen to be errors, she dis-'
 carded them. She once held slaves; 1
 but when she saw that slavery w as con
 trary to the right of man and the law
 of God, she emancipated them. She
 was the first government in the civilized
 world, —in the whole world, ancient or I
 modern, —to abolish slavery, wherever
 she had power to do so. This is an;
 honor that no rival can ever snatch from;
 her brow. Once, —I say it with hu-j
 rniliation, —she was engaged in the j
 slave trade. But all the gold that
 could he earned by the accursed traffic,
 hough spent in the splendors of luxury! l
 iiid the seductions of hospitality, could
 not save the trader himself from infamy
 and scorn; and I am sure lam right ini
 saying that the slave trade ceased tobe
 conducted by Massachusetts merchants,
 and to be carried on in Massachusetts, j
 from Massachusetts ports, before it,
 was abandoned by the merchants, and
 discontinued in the ships and from the
 ports of any other commercial State or
 nation in the world. This, too, is an
 honor which it will be hers, through all
 the immortality of the ages, alone to
 wear. But Massachusetts, it is still
 said, has her idolaters of Mammon in
 other forms. It is charged upon her
 that many of her children still wallow*
 in the stye of intemprance; that her
 spiritualism runs wild in religious va
 garies; and that something of the old
 leaven of persecution still clings to her
 heart. In vindicating what is right, J
 will not defend what is w*rong. I cannot:
 deny,—would to God that I could,
 that we still have vicesand vicious men
 amongst us. There are those there, as
 elsewhere, who, if they were to hear for
 the lirst time of the River of Life flow
 ing fast by the throne of God, would!
 instinctively ask whether there were!
 any good mill sites on it. There are*
 those there, aselsweherc, whose highest j
 aspirations for heaven and for happi-!
 ness, whether for this life or for ano
 ther, are a distillery and a sugar-; 1
 house, with steam machinery t) mix the
 products. There, as elsewhere, therej
 are #eligionists who arc quick to imi-j
 tale the Savior when he strikes, but i!
 despise his exanmie w hen j
 But, sir, let me say this for Mutual- J
 chusctts, that w hatever sins she
 have committed in former times, what
 ever dissenters she may have
 efl, or witches she may have iiatfgsd, 1
 or Africans sjtthave stolen
 sob!, —she since abandoned
 these offence#* and i aging forth 1
 fruits meet foinQjßntance. And in. m 1
 State to have no benefit from a statute
 of limitationsr Isa crime connnitfnil i
 by ancestors for ever to be imputes to
 posterity? This is worse than
 forgiveness; it is making punishment
 hereditary. Sir, of these offences, i
 Massachusetts has repeat d and rc- i
 formed; and she is giving that noblest M
 of utonemenss or expiations, which
 consists in repairing the wrong that has i
 been done; and where the victim of the
 wrung has himself passed away, and is i
 beyond relief, then in paying, with large' I
 interest, the debt to humanity, which M
 the special creditor is no longer present 1 1
 to receive, by seeking out the objects
 of want and suffering, wherever they
 many bo found. Sir, our accusers un
 consciously do us the highest honor,
 when, in their zeal to malign us, they
 I seek for historical reproaches. I f they
 could find present offences wherewith
 to upbraid us, they would not exhume
 jibe past. But they condemn them
 selves. for they show that the resuscita-i.
 t;*m of the errors of the dead gives
 j Lecture r.«i die North an*f South, ilelivrrctf in
 j January 16, 1846, before the Yooug
 J Hen’s Mercantile Library Association of Cincin&gt;
 I twii. By Elmwood Fuller
RIGHT IS OF NO SEX—TRUTH IS OF NO COLOR-GOD IS THE FATHER OF US ALL, AND ALL WE ARE BRETHREN.
f them more pleasure than a contempla
 (j tion of the virtue* of the living. One
 thing is certain, the moment the other
 I States shall imitate our preaent ex
 •i ample, they will cease to condemn us
 for our past offences. The sympathy
 of a common desire for improvement
 will destroy the pleasure of crimina
 •j tion.
 And where, I ask, on the surface of
 the earth, is there a population of only
 j eight hundred thousand, who are striv
 ing so earnestly and doing so much to
 advance the cause of humanity and
 i civilization, as is doing by the people of
 1 Massachusetts: Where else, where
 universal suffrage is allowed, is a million
 !of dollars voted every year, by the
 very men who have to pay it, for the
 1 public, free education of every child in
 the State? Where else, by such a lim
 ited population, is another million of
 j dollars voluntarily voted and paid each
 year for the salaries of clergymen
 alone? Where else, where the popula
 tion is so small, and natural resources
 so few and scanty, is still another mil
 lion of dollars given in charity ?—the
 greater portion of which is sent beyond
 their own borders, flows into every
 State in the Union, and leaves not a
 nation on the globe, nor an island in
 j the sea, nnwatered by its fertilizing
 streams. Look into the statute hook ol
 Massachusetts, for the last twenty
 years, and you will see how' the whole
 current of her legislation has set in the
 direction of human improvement, —for
 succoring disease or restoring from it,
 j for supplying the privations of nature,
 for reclaiming the vicious, for elevat
 ing all, —a comprehensiveness of scope
 that takes in every human being, and
 an energy of action that follows every
 individual with a blessing to his home.
 1 When others will abandon theii
 offences, then let the remembrance o!
 them he blotted out.
 But, sir, I think it proper to advert
 to the fact, that I have had other proofs,
 during the present session of Congress,
 of the same spirit of crimination and
 obloquy, which was so fully developed
 in the speeches of the gentleman fronr
 Pennsylvania, [Mr. Brown,] #nd the
 gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Bed
 inger. j Through the post office of the
 House of Representatives, I have beer
 in the regular receipt of anonymous
 letters, made up mainly of small slips
 cut from newspapers printed at tin
 North, describing some case of murder
 suicide, robbery, or other offence
 These have been arranged under th&lt;
 heads of the different States, —Ohio
 Pennsylvania, New York, Connecti ut
 &amp;tc., and accompanied, in the margin
 with rude drawings pf a school-book oi
 a school-house, and all referred to com
 mon schools, as to their source. Two
 only, of the whole number thus collec
 ted, originated in Massachusetts, and
 one of these was a case of suicide com
 mitted by a man who had become in
 sane from the loss of his wife. Whicli
 of these events, in the opinion of my
 anonymous correspondent, constituted
 the crime,—whether the bereavement
 that caused the insanity, or the suicide
 committed in one of its paroxysms, —I
 am unable to say. Now, what satis
 faction even a bad man could have in
 referring offences against law' and
 morality to public schools, when he
 must have known that the very existence
 of the offences only proves that educa
 tion has not yet done its perfect work,
 I cannot conceive. And what spite,
 either against an educational office
 which I once held, or against an institu
 tion which is worthy of all honor, could
 be so mean and paltry as to derive
 gratification from referring me to long
 lists of offences, only one of which was
 committed in my native State, I must
 leave for others to conjecture. Surely,
 the author of these letters must have
 known little of common schools, and
 profited by them as little as he has
 know n. Had he referred to any con
 siderable number of crimes perpetrated
 in Massachusetts, 1 would {gpke his
 letters borne and carry them into our
 public schools, and make them a text
 for a sermon, in which I would warn
 the children to beware of all crimes, and
 especially of the meanness and the
 wickedness which feel a complacency
 in the crimes of others, or can give a
 false paternity to them. And, sir, I
 should be sure of a response, for out of
 t|cu«o *6110013 there is going forth a
 nobler of yojng men and young
 Hfotaen thetr ever before conferred in
 leUigeoce, wftue, refinement and re-:
 lumrn upon my people or community j
 on the face of the globe.
 he said in mitiga-'
 tion or in jfgpdemnation of slavery)
 elsewhere, tfefr. are special reasons j
 wh vit should b* discontinued in this j
 PlitrfcC 'iRHI District is the common I
 property of fhe nation. Having pow-i
 mfmWmfive legislation over it, we
 am all responsible for the institution in
 it. While slaves exist in it, therefore,!
 it can be charged-upon the North that I
 they uphold slavery. This is unjust to
 us, because it places us before the world
 in the attitude of sustaining what wej
 condemn. It wounds our moral and
 religious sensibilities, because we be
 lieve the institution to be cruel towards
 men, and sinful in the sight of Heaven;
 and yet we are made apparently to
 sanction it. It is like that species of!
 injustice where a man is compelled by i
 a tax to support a religion which hej
 disbelieves, and to pay a hierarchy
 which his conscience compels him to
 denounce. But the existence of slave-1
 rv here is not necessary to the faith or
 the practice of our southern brethren.
 If they believe it to be a useful and
 justifiable institution, then they evince
 the sincerity of that belief by sustain
 ing and perpetuating it at home. For
 this purpose, there is fso necessity of a
 crusade to propagate it, or sustain it
 elsewhere.
ROCHESTER. N. Y., FRIDAY, MAY 18, 1849.
I Look at the relation which we bear
 ito it, in another respect. I hare been
 i taught from my earliest childhood that
 j ‘all men are created equal/ Thia has
 become in me not merely a conrictioo
 of the understanding, but a sentiment
 !of the heart. This maxim is my princi
 pie of action, wheoerer I am called
 upon to act; and it rises spontaneously
 to my contemplation when I speculate
 upon human duty. It is the plainest
 corollary from the doctrine of the na
 tural equality of man, that when I see
 a man, or a class of men, who are not
 equal to myself in opportunities, in gifts,
 I in means of improvement, or in motives
 i and incitements to an elevated charac
 j ter and an exemplary life, I say, it ia
 the plainest corollary, that I should de
 sire te elevate thoss men to an equality
 with myself. However far my own life
 may fail beiow the standard of Christi
 anitv and gentlemanliness, yet I hold
 it to be clear, that no man is a Christian
 or a gentleman, who does not carry
 about an habitual frame of mind which
 prompts him, as far as he has the means
 to do it, to instruct all the ignorance, to
 relieve all the privations, to minister to
 all the pains, and to supply all the de-
 I ticiencies of those with whom he meets
 in the daily walks of life; and, so far as
 he is a inan who wields influence, pos
 sesses authority, or exercises legisla
 tive power, he is bound to exert his i
 gifts aud his prerogatives for the ame-j
 lioration and the improvement of hisi
 feilovvmcn. This is the lowest standard
 of duty that any one who aspires to be!
 a Christian ora gentleman can set up
 for his guidance. Now take the case
 of a man from the North, who has in
 corporated these views, or any simili
 tude of these views, into his character,
 and who has occasion to visit this Dis-;
 trict. Suppose him to be elected and!
 sent here as a member of Congress, or
 to be appointed to a post in some of the j
 departments, or to visit this city on pub
 lic business, or to come here from
 motives of curiosity; what is the first
 sight w hich is inflicted upon him when
 he first sets his foot within this common
 property of the nation, —when he first
 enters this household, where the head
 of the nation resides and directs? Sir,
 when he first alights from the cars
 which bring him within your limits and
 your jurisdiction,he beholds a degraded
 caste, —a race of men whom God en
 dowed with the faculties of intelligence,
 but whom man has despoiled of the
 power of improving those faculties,
 squalid in their garb, betraying igno
 rance in every worjJpljey utter, uncul
 tivated in their manned! and their
 tastes, fawning for a favor, instead of
 standing erect like men wljo are con
 scious of rights? or, if they have out
 grown servile and sycophantic habits,
 then erring on the side of impudence
 and insolence as much as they erred
 before on that of cringing and servility.
 He repairs to his lodgings, and there,
 too, all his moral sensibilities are shock
 ed and outraged, by seeing a class of
 men and women hopelessly degraded,
 cut off by law' and custom from all op
 portunity of emerging from their de
 basement; whom no talent, taste or
 virtue can ever redeem to the pleasures
 and the rights of social intercourse.
 He sees men and women who are not
 degraded on account of the services
 they perform,—for ‘honor and shame
 from no condition rise,’—but degraded
 by the motive and spirit from which the
 services are performed; men and wo
 men who have no inducements to indus
 try and frugality, for their earnings will
 all be seized by another; who have no
 incentives to self-respect, for they can
 never emerge from their menial con
 dition; who are bereaved of all the
 wonders and glories of knowledge, lest;
 under its expansions their natures
 should hurst the thraldom that enslaves
 them; and all whose manly qualities,
 all whose higher faculties, therefore,
 are irredeemably and hopelessly crush
 ed, extinguished, obliterated, so that
 nothing but the animal, which the mas
 ter can use for his selfish purposes, re
 mains.
 Mr,. Brodiiead. Would you ad
 vance the slaves to an equal social;
 and political condition with the white
 race?
 Mr. Manx. I would give to every!
 human being the best opportunity I
 could to develope and cultivate the fa-]
 culties which God has bestowed upon!
 him, and which, therefore, he holds
 under a divine charter. I would take
 from his neck the heel that has trodden j
 him down I would dispel from his
 mind the cloud that has shrouded him
 iu moral night I would remove the
 obstructions that have forbidden his
 soul to aspire and having done this, I
 would leave him, as! would leave every
 other man, to find his level, —to occu-'
 py the position to which he should be
 entitled by his intelligence and his vir- j
 tues. I entertain no fears on the I
 much-dreaded subject ol amalgamation, j
 Legal amalgamation between the races,
 will never take place, unless, in the
 changed condition of society, reasons
 shall exist to warrant and sanction it;
 and in that case, it will carry its own
 justification with it. But one thing I
 could never understand,*——why those.
 who are so horror-stricken at the idea
 of theoretic amalgamation, should es-j
 hibit to the world, in all their cities, on i
 all their plantations, and in all their,
 households, such numberless prpoL;
 of practical amalgamation. I never
 could see why those who arraigned and
 condemned us at the North, so vebem
 ently, because, as they say, we obtrude!
 our prying eves into what they call a
 •domestic’ or ‘fireside institution,;
 should have no hesitation in exhibiting
 to the world, through all their borders,
 ten thousand living witnesses that they
 make it a bedside institution. Multi
 tudes of the slaves of the South bear a
 bout upon their peisoae a brand as in-
delible as that ofCaio; but the mark
 i has been fastened upon them, not for
 I their own crimes, but for the crimes of
 i their fathers. In the complexion of the
 i stare, we read the horrid history of the
 I guilt of the enslavers. They demon
 strate that’the one race has been to the
 I other, not the object of benevolence,
 but the victim of licentiousness.
 But to resume When the visiter to
 this city from the North leaves his lodg
 ings, and goes into the public streets,
 half the people whom he meets there
 are of the same degraded class. Their
 tattered dress and unseemly manners
 deoote congenital debasement. Their
 language proclaims their ignorance. I f
 you have occasion to send them on an
 errand, they cannot read the direction
 of a note, or a sign on a shop-board.
 Tbeir ideas are limited within the nar
 rowest range. They speak the natural
 language of servility, and they wear
 the livery of an inferior condition. The
 conviction of their deplorable state is
 perpetually forced upon the mind. You
 do not need their color to remind you
 of their degradation. Color, sir They
 are oftentimes almost as white as our
 selves. Sir, there is not a member of
 Congress who has not frequently seen
 some of his fellow-members, in the
 spring of the year, with a jaundiced
 skin, more sallow and more yellow than?
 that of many a slave who is bought andj
 sold and owned in this city. I have
 seen members of this House, to whom:
 I have been disposed to give a friendly
 caution to keep their free papers
 about their persons, lest suddenly, on
 the presumption from color, they should
 be seized and sold for runaway slaves.
 A yellow complexion here is so com-1
 mon a badge of slavery, that one whose
 skin is colored by disease is by no
 means out of danger. To enjoy secu
 rity, a man must do more than take,
 care of his life he must take care of:
 his health. It is not enough to take
 heed to the meditations of his heart
 he must see also to the secretions of his 1
 liver.
 But, sir, the stranger from the North
 visits the courts of justice in this city:
 he goes into the halls set apart and con
 secrated, even in the dark and half-:
 hfittienish periods of English history,
 to the investigation of truth and the ad- j
 ministration of justice; blit if he secs
 any specimens of the colored race there,!
 he sees them only as menials. They 1
 cannot go there as witnesses. How
 ever atrocious the wrongs they may
 suffer in their own person and charac
 ter, or in the person and character of
 wife or children, they cannot appeal to
 the courts to avenge *&gt;r redress them.
 IT introduced there at alt, it is as a bale
 of goods is introduced, or as an ox or
 a horse is brought within their purlieus,
 for the purpose of trying some disputed
 question of identity or ownership. They
 go not as suitors, but as sacrifices. In
 the courts of law; in the temples with
 which all our ideas of justice, of right
 between man and man, are associated;
 where truth goes to be vindicated,
 where innocence flies to be avenged;—
 in these courts, an entire portion of the
 human race are known, not as men,
 but as chattels, as cattle. Where, for
 them, is the Magna Charta, that the!
 old barons wrested from King John
 Is a whole race to be forever doomed j
 to this outlawry Are they forever to;
 wear a “wolf’s head,” which every
 white man may cut off when he pleases?
 Sir, it cannot be that this state of things
 will last forever. If all the rights o!
 the black race are thus withheld from
 them, it is just as certain as the pro
 gress of time that they, too, will have
 their Runnymcde, their Declaration of
 Independence, their Bunker Hill, and
 their Yorktown.
 Such, sir, are the sights that molest
 us when we come herefrom the North;
 that molest us in the hotels, that molest
 us in the streets, that molest us in the
 courts, that molest us everywhere. But
 the week passes away, and the Sab
 bath comes, —the day of rest from
 worldly toils, the day set apart for so
 cial worship, when men eome together!
 and by their mutual presence and as
 sistance, lift up the hearts of each oth
 er in gratitude to God. But where now
 are the colored population, that seemed
 to be so numerous everywhere else r
 Have they no God Have they no
 interest in a Savior’s example and pre
 cepts Have they no need of consola
 tion, of faith in the Unseen, to help
 them bear up under the burdens and
 anxieties of life Is tbeir futurity so
 uncertain or so worthless that they need
 no guide to a better country, or that
 they can be turned oft* with a guide as
 ignorant and blind as themselves
 We go from the courts and the
 churches to the schools. But no child
 in whose skin there is a shadow of a
 shade of African complexion is to be
 found there. The channels are so cut,
 that all the sacred and healing waters j
 of knowledge flow, not to him, but by,
 him. Sir, of all the remorseless and
 wanton cruelties ever committed in thUi
 world of wickedness and woe, I hold
 that to be the most remorseless and
 wanton which shuts out from all the
 means of instruction, a b *ing whom
 God has endued with the capacities of
 knowledge, and inspired with the divine
 desire to know. Strike blossom and
 beauty from the vernal season of the
 year, and leave it sombre and cheer
 less annihilate the harmonies with
 which the birds of spring make vocal
 the field and the forest, and let exulting
 Nature become silent and desolate; dry
 up even those fountains of joy and glad-
 Mmeoew that flow unhidden from the
 heart of childhood, and let the radiant
 countenance of youth become dull and
 stony like that of age ;—do all this, if
 you will, but withhold your profane
 band from those creative sources of
 knowledge which shall give ever-re-
newing and ever-increasing delight
 through all the cycles of immortality
 and which have the power to assimilati
 the finite creature more and more
 nearly to the infinite Creator
 (To be cenimutd.
 EMANCIPATION IN KGNTtXKV.^
 The cause of emancipation does not
 appear to be in so unfavorable a posi
 tion in Kentucky as th° accounts some
 time ago led us to believe. Indeed,
 we have every reason to think that
 slavery is doomed in that common
 wealth.
 Perhaps, in no Stale of the Union,
 has the institution existed under milder
 auspices; and hence the lormer apathy
 of so many good and excellent men
 there with regard to irs extirpation.
 In a population of eight hundred thou
 sand souls, there are only one hundred
 and eighty thousand slaves. Very
 many of these are household servants,
 and experience bondage only in th&lt;-
 name. Even those who are field la
 borers know little of the real horrors o!
 slavery; and this is especially true ol
 the hemp district, where the slaves are
 regularly requitted for overwork, and
 it is not unfrequent fora master to have
 to pay his servant filly dollars at the end
 of a season. It is thus not beyond
 power of the negro, with economy and
 perseverance, to earn sufficient to pur
 chase his freedom; .and, as a general
 rule, the master is found favoring him
 in the endeavor as much as possible.
 YVe could cite numerous instances
 where owners have not only parted with
 a favorite slave for a low price, but
 have given the command of heir own
 time for a specific number of years, In
 order that they might amass enough to
 purchase their liberty.
 In intelligence, in the possession of
 comforts, in moral standing, the slaves
 of Kentucky will compare favorably
 with any body of people, black or white,
 forming, like them, the lower class of
 the community. No stranger of ob
 servation, who has visited Louisville,
 can have failed to have noticed this.
 The African Baptists, in that city,
 have a large and elegant church, with
 its mahogany pulpit, its choir of thirty
 singers and all the other elegancies and
 refinements of the most intelligent eon-;
 gregations. The pastor is, or was— I
 one of the ablest men of his color; a far
 more able man indeed than the second
 and third rate white pastors, who offi
 ciate over slave congregations in Y ir
 ginia, and other states where black
 preachers are forbidden by law to ex
 ercise their functions. There nu
 merous colored Sunday Schools.
 city also. Indeed, comparing the phy
 sical, intellectual, and moral condition
 of the Kentucky slaves generally, with
 that of the free blacks of Ohio, who,
 though freeman in name, are deprived
 of nearly every attribute of liberty,
 any impartial mind would give a ver
 dict in favor of the superior advantages
 of the slave, in these respects. And it
 is the knowledge of this, which has
 made Kentuckians generally so indiffer
 ent to the cause of emancipation. Had
 the condition of the seri been worse in
 that state, liberty would long since
 have triumphed, for the non-siave
 holding sections, out of pure sympathy 1
 with the oppressed black would havej
 carried an act of emancipation long
 ago.
 Vet, in spite of these advantages en
 joyed by the Kentucky slaves, they arc
 slaves alter all; and the consciousness
 of this has long pressed remorsefully i
 on the hearts of their masters, as well
 as of those who do not own servants. 1
 That the children ofa serf, and his chil
 dren’s children shall ho serfs also,
 under that horrible maxim of the slave
 law, "partus nequitur rentrem’ a yl.
 serf’s down to the end of time—is a re
 flection that has stood between the con-;
 science of many a master and has Ma
 ker, when he came to lie upon the bed
 of death. All the possible cruelties
 that the slave and his descendants
 might undergo tn other hands—cruel
 ties which might have been averted if
 the servant had been emancipated—!
 have then risen up, weird and gigantic
 phantoms, to haunt the soul in its dark
 passage through the Y alley of the
 Shadow of Death. In that dread hour
 everv sophistry by which the fell sys
 tem has been "defended; every motive
 of interest; every suggestion of false
 philanthropy, has been dissipated and
 the patting spirit has seen the
 evils of slavery revealed in all th ir
 magnitude and horror. Ihe reflection
 that such a day was coming, with diin
 foreshadowings of its remorseful tor
 tures, has visited the heart of the slave
 holder in the solemn hours of the night,
 and “almost persuaded him” to unbind
 the serf. But the apathy of human na
 ture. assisted by the suggestions of in
 terest, has in the end triumphed; and
 thus thousands, who are not averse to
 emancipation, have remained indiffer
 ent heretofore. A time has now come
 however, when they cau do this no
 longer.
 So far back as 1832 the friends of
 freedom and of slavery bad become so
 equally matched that a compromise
 was extorted from the latter, in the
 passage of an act which forbade the in-
 treduction of slaves into Kentucky
 from other states. Tilts was consented
 to by the pro-slavery party, tw cause it
 would increase the value of the slave;
 but while it thus partially benefited
 slavery, it favored the cause of freedom
 more, by preventing the exces.-ive in
 crease of the slaves. Under this law
 the two parlies have remained silent, if
 not contented for nearly eighteen years.
 But, at the late session of the legisla
 lature, the pro-slavery party, irritated
 at the movements in favor of emanci
 pation, took addflbtage of a temporary
 majority, and repeated this act. By
 this suicidal proceeding they have alien-
JOHN (H(*K. Pb»M«»*
WHOLE NO. 78.
forever from them that large party,
 constituting a clear majority of the peo
 ple of Kentucky, who were averse to
 increasing slavery, and who, being now
 forced to choose betweeu this and
 emancipation, will take the side of the
 latter.—All those who own no servants,
 together with all those who do, but
 whose conscientious scruples have
 been hilled to rest heretofore, will now
 be united, and will come out, in the
 approaching convention, in favor of
 freedom—Adde&amp; to this, the heavy
 slave counties which, under the old ap
 portionment ruled one-fourth of the leg
 islature, will now scarcely command
 a twentieth. The result is plain. The
 course of liberty will triumph, must tri
 umph. The struggle may be long,
 and the victory not gained for many a
 year yet: but it will be gained—thank
 Uod! Kentucky has 100 large a pro
 portion of citizens who do not own
 slaves, too intelligent and conscien
 tious a population everywhere, not
 eventually to follow the example of New
 York and Pennsylvania, and wheel in
 fo line in the number of free states.—
 Phil. Evening Bulletin.
 1»loodv Tragedy in Mississippi.—it
 is our painful task to record one of the
 most shocking murders that has oc
 curred within the bounds of our county,
 which happened in the prairie, near the
 quiet little village of Pikevilfe. It ap
 pears that Mr. J. flcggemoti attempt
 ed to correct a negro man in his em
 ploy, who resisted, drew a knife, and
 stahbehiin in several places—aMr.J.
 Hobbs ran to his assistance. Mr.
 Hobbs stooped to pick up a 9lick to
 strike the negro, and while in that posi
 tion, the negro rushed upon him, and,
 w ith a dirk, indicted a wound in his left
 breast, which caused his immediate
 death. The negro then fled to the
 woods, but was pursued with dogs, and
 overtaken. He had stopped in a swamp
 to tight the (logs, when the party came
 up ami commanded him to give up,
 which he refused to do. He then made
 several eflbits to stab them. Mr. Rob
 erson, one of the party, gave him
 several blows on the head wMI a rifle
 gun; but this, instead of only
 increased his despetgte revenge. Mr.
 li. then discharged his gun at tho ne
 gro, and, missing him, the ball struck a
 Mr. Boon in the face and felled biin to
 the ground; the negro, seeing' Mr.
 Boon prostrated, attempted to stab ban,
 but was prevented by the interference
 of some of the party. He was then
 shot three times with a revolving’pistol
 and once with a rifle, and, after leaving
 throat cut, ho still kefpt the knife
 utility grasped in bis hdnd, and tried to
 cut their jegs when they approached to
 put an end to his life. Mr. Boon is
 said to be seriously wounded. Mr.
 Heggeson’s wounds are slight.—Hous
 ton (Jlltss.),Republican, March 31.
 O’Connell and his Client. —He
 used to lodge, ivhen at Cork, at a
 stationer’s of the name of O’Hara, in
 Patrick St. one of the principal thor
 oughfares in the city. There, during
 the assizes there was always a crowd
 before his door, lounging under his
 windows, anxious to get a peep at the
 counsellor. Whenever ho made his
 appearance, there was always a hearty
 cheer. On one occasion, an old friend
 of his, who had once bolonged to the
 bar, Mr.K ,a member of a most res
 pectable family, called on O’Connell
 during the assizes, to pay him a friend
 ly visit. He found O’Connell engaged
 with a shrew-looking farmer, who was
 consulting him on a knotty case. Heart
 ily glad to see his old friend, O’Connell
 sprang foward, saying, “My dear K.,
 I'in delighted to see you." The
 farmer seeing the visitor come in, cun
 ningly took the opportunity of sneak
 ing away. He had got what he wanted
 —the opinion; hut O’Connell had not
 got what he wanted—the fee. O’Con
 ii"ll at once followed the farmer, who had
 got the start by a flight of stairs. The
 rustic quickened his pace when ho found
 that the counsellor was in chase. O’-
 Connell saw that he could not catch
 the runaway client, who was now on
 the flight leading into the hall. He
 leant over the banister, and made a
 grasp at the farmer’s collar; but, in
 »ted of the collar, he caught what he at
 first thought his hair, but which
 proved to be the rustic’s wig, which
 came away in h:s hand. O’Connell
 gave a shout of laughter, and, quick
 as thought, jumped in high spirits hack
 to hts room. “Hurrah! see K ,I*ve
 got the rascal's wig.” Up went the
 window—“ Three cheers for the coun
 sellor!—Long life io your honour. Ar
 rah! is’nt he the man of the people."
 “Ah! boys,” saidO’Con/iell, with glee,
 “look here what I’ve got for you.
 Here’s the wig of a rascal that has
 just bilked me of a fee." Shouts of
 laughter rent the air as the wig was
 pitched out, to undergo a rapid process
 of radical reform at the hands of the
 mob. As the wigleas farmer made bis
 appearance, he was received with
 groans of derision, and was glad
 enough to escape with unbroken bones.
 Revelation» of Ireland.
 An Inge* iocs Atu. —Mr. J. K.
 Gliddon relates, in his lectures oo
 Egyptian Archeology, reported in the
 Arehetological Journal of the past and
 present month, that “an Arab disco
 ver ed the northern air-channel of the
 Great Pyramid to be open from top to
 bottom, by placing a cat at the outer
 orifice and her kittens at the other,
 shutting them in with stooes. Ine
 mother «on found her «V
 through the n nm*. her Imle fum
 1.. „,u. pruning the. «hl» hitherto an.
 termor peeeag* coouounKeted with the
 outside. Previous to the clearing of
 these passages the air in the pyramid
 was quite suffocating.”
