Notices.
 \r» Kml»4 tllMlinri
 UlfftUtl.
 The annual meeting of this t Convention »d
 be held in Boston, on TCBSDAY. May
 „»d will probably continue in session. i-.
 u&lt;nal. the two following date fhe wide
 repulsion of thi* Cooventtou a* the most j
 interesting and enthusiastic of all ;lie aeti-*
 slavery gatherings held in the country during!
 the vear —the solemn and heaven-attested j
 pledge-of the friends ot those who are
 j.ining in bondage—the critical Hate ol our
 juee, in regard to the establishment of slave
 v «&gt;n the soil of California and New Mexico.
 ..nd to the Southern design of securing the
 annexation of Coha to tha Cnited JStalee— i
 ihe remembrances of the strengthening inter-*
 views obtained at precious meetings, and the
 powerful impetus given to ihe car of free
 dom by each anniversary succeaNvely—and
 me importance of making ‘a i-hott work in
 nghteouaneas' of the tetrible slave ay stem,,
 by effecting the ovetthrow of its governmental
 bulwark, the American Union—should, and
 undoubtedly will, bring together a crowded
 auditory, animated by a zeal that never tires,
 a vigilance that never slumbets. and a spirit
 of heroism that never turns from the conflict.
 Vbnlit’.onists in every part of the land*
 invite you to be with us on an occasion so
 inspiring, in the name ot three millions of
 slaves and their posterity.
 In behalf of ihe .Massachusetts Anu-Slave
 iv Society.
FRANCIS JACKSON, Pnudnu
 Ki&gt; .tu.SD Qriscv. Secretary.
 Receipts for N. V. State Vigilance om*
 mil tee, since March 19. 1849.
 From Jas. Arnold, New Bedford, Mass.,
 »50 W), Indies A. S. Society, Cazenovia,
 N Y 15 Of*; D. C. A. Joy, Norlhamp
 lon. Mass., 10 (X); C. J. Case, of Fulton,
 V Y $llO 00; \V. H. Tyler, Pittsfield,
 Mass., $5 00; Dea. J. Woodruff, Windsor,
 N A., $5 oti; S. W. Brewster, Hannibal.
 V Y $5 o&lt;*; O. S. Pcnfield, Delhi, N. V.,
 3 (Ml; \V. Groig, Ijodi, N. J., $3 00; A. i\
 Stilson, Franklin, X. Y., 1 (Ml; per S. S.
 Bradford, Homer, N. Y., 1 00; Airs. H.
 Weber, Ashford, 1 00; K. Judson and Mis.
 Wells, Kingsboro, Y., each A 1 &lt;N&gt;; Rev.
 J Garland and J. Batehelder, Monmnent.
 Mass, each 1 00; Mrs. J. M. Jackson.
 Glenhaven, X. Y., 1 00; Cash, I 00;
 Ahira Kent, Hanibal, N. Y., $2 00 Total,
 12* 00.
 WILLIAM HARNEI), Treat',■.
 No. 01 John siippi.
 Atw York. April 2ft. lft 10.
 Notk.—A number of-interesiing and high
 ly encouraging letters have been teceived do
 ling the month, The following is from tfie
 widow of a Clergyman in this .State, and
 cannot fail to interest our liicnde, and to -tii
 them up to active exertion- and increased lib
 erality. Thus far, fir contributions from our
 own State have been import ion a hi v small:
 we hope to report more favorably next mouth
 I)*:ah Bro. ii.vKNKi): March, 30, i^lt*
 I yesterday teceived your letter of the tilth
 uist directed to my dear ha-lronl. It be
 comes my duty to answer it. as he ir.Ms from'
 his earthly labors. It is mote than six months'
 since he left us tor theSpiut Land. His last
 days were peaceful and happy. It !r was
 here, he would respond to your call, most
 heartily, and strive to aid you by his eflurts,
 and as far as practicable by his puistv- 1 shall
 put your letter in the hands of the Church.
 But the Church in this plan? is small, and
 willi regard to property, in very moderate cit
 cumstancea, and have no minister; and w hat
 is worse the Lve of God has waxed cold, and
 consequently, the love of man is not very sir
 dent, although we are an anti-slavery 'hsircli.
 But I hope they will feel disposed to send
 some assistance, i enclose one doilai tin
 your use, and should be glad if it v. as ten,
 ves, fitly times as much. But my means are
 quite limited. 1 am left with four small chil
 dren, and perhaps this is as much as duty
 will allow me to give in my circumstances.
 That the Lord may, through his people, fill
 your treasury with money, and by His Spirit
 and providence till your hearts with joy and
 gladness, is the prave-r of
 Yout -X if ter m Chris!,
 lU*a uti-Slavery papeis of New York am
 Massachnseth will please copy.
 From the Tribune.
 Xiiuiveisniy Meeting of the Anicii
 can AutislaverySociety.
 i tic Auuiversary Meeting of the Amencan
 Anti-Slavery Society was opened on Tues
 day, at the Tabernacle, at 10 o'clock, in
 epite of the dull, drizzly rain, making the
 worst imaginable weather for a public meet
 ing, a large collection of the friends of the
 cau.-e from all parts of the country, including a
 good proportion of colored people, were as
 sembled at an early hour, and soon the rapa
 cious Tabernacle was crowded to i;s utmost
 extent bv a miscellaneous, but very attentive
 audience. Among the distinguished leaders
 of the Anti-Slavery movement we noticed
 Wendell Phillips. Edmund Quincy, France
 Jackson, Wm. Lloyd Garrison, Dr. H.
 Farnsworth of Massachusetts; Isaac V. Hop
 per of New York, and Lucietia Mott of Phila
 delphia.
 The meeting was called to order bv ihe
 President. \Y m. Lloyd Garrison, who said
 that they might be sure of the blessing ol
 S height v God on account of the goodness ol
 tilt- cause which had brought the::i together,
 hut it any fell disposed to address the Throne
 it lirace, an opportunity was now present
 ed.
 Viler a pause of a few minutes. Samuel
 May of Leicester, Mas*, came forward and
 ntfeicd an appropr.ate prayer.
 SY. L. Garrison then said ihat the only
 speech which he should make would tie to
 read the testimomtva of those, whose reputa
 tion unlike his own had never been call' d in
 question —he ineas.i the Frophets of the Old
 Testament. Mr. G. then proceeded to read
 hi a very impressive manner, seven-l striking
 elections from the IwoL of Isaiali, Jeremiah
 tnd Ezekiel, in which tlieii faithful and pi n
 gent denunciations of the sins of Great, might
 tie considered applicable to ttie crying evi!&gt; of
 our own land.
 .Mr. U. theu eouliuued It jy ay# been
 the object of this Society to brand Slavery as
 a sin of the darkest aud deepest die. t main
 tains that no roan can be a t hri-t.au who
 holds Ins brother man in bondage— that the
 Church is no Christian Church v.tiich cherish
 es this evil witfun it* bosom. For this reaeon,
 the cry ol infidelity ha* been ra.»ed ugamsi
 tt,e movement. It is no wonder that ihii
 should be douc bv a clergy, wb&lt;&gt; are ifi n
 selves deeply involved in the guilt ..f '-lave
 rv and by a church which nuke* hands will.
 the blood-stained oppressor But it is not s»
 abroad. Tne churches ol Groat Btitian have
 no toleration of Ameuean Slavery. As
 proof of this, I bold a document. Signed b;,
 ovei 1,900 persons, ministers and laymen t&gt;
 Vliand, remonstrating with the Arne near
 Charges, on the support which they give v
 Slavery. _
 Mr. G. pr,'»ceeded to read rite retn\' vfl lr n _
 which was couched in terms lea* compliment
 ary than emphatical.
 The Treasurer's Report was then presented
 by I’iancis Jackson, ahowmg total receipts
 from donations, publications and subscriptions
 to the Anti-Slavery Standard, 6,999,57, i
 and lots! expenditures for the Standard andj
A gen lx. and support of tb«* Office h» New
 York. $6.*75 13.
 A ornM ot resohitnmo were offered by Ed
 round Quine v, and the meeting was address**
 iv Parket VilUbnry of New Hampshire
 VAendell Phillips and Frederick IW&gt;«gla**th«
 Vjitive
 \djoaraed Neetiai;
 Francis Jackson, F.oq. of Boston. one of th«
 V ot tb&lt;’ Sncietv in tin-chair.
 After addressing thf mevnni,’ ih &lt;.‘hairmai
 -übmitud tlic resolution* which «i i? undei
 liscuanon at the time of the last adjournment
 ihe substance oi which is as loimv
 R**tdt*d, I hat tiie (inrui error of lia
 kmenean Clturcim was, opening ihe «Uwr o
 their fellowship to niurbulilm. It uasthu
 that lowered the tone of their testimony, hi
 them to tamper with the Word of liod. arw
 involved them m ail their present tronbte?
 They excluded the thief or robber wlm hat
 secular law against him, but Utc legalized rob
 her they take to their bosom as brethren a
 Christ. This was their error; and until thti
 error i»e retrieved, the iccuvcry ta hopeless.
 UtmMl, t hat from the firct hour that th&lt;
 Abolitionists espoused the cause ot the slave
 they necessarily as a matter of principle
 broke tlo.ir alliance with the Slave-holder ant
 if they are found clinging to Churches whirl
 give the right hand to a Slave-holder, or tip
 |HAing the doctrine of disunion, it :s simph
 because they are not blind to their duty, o
 seeing it. are guilty of betraying that cause u
 which lliey sacredly pledged themselves.
 Rtwlctdy That it, at the clo.*e ut our revo
 iutHMiary struggle for independence, when tin
 fire of liberty was burning brightest in ever
 breast and but half a milium of Slaves wer
 on our soil, the American Union could b
 formed only by throwing around Slavery am
 the Slave trade guarantees of protection: i
 follows, that with a Slave population of threi
 millions, the number of Slave States doubled
 and the nat onal conscience seated as w ith ha
 iron by a long anJ frightful career of oppress
 uni, the I nion can be maintained only as lor,!
 as those guaranties are recognized aabindir;
 on the whole country.
 Resotrtd, That that whicii is giviiij
 strength, extension and perpetuity to Slavery
 to wit, ih&lt; Union —on being overthrown by
 peaceful w ithdrawal from it by the Non-Slave
 1 holding Slates, for conscience sake and fo
 self-perservat;o.i, must necessarily weaken
 limit and speedily extirpate Slavery from lit
 American soil. Therefore,
 j Rtsolnd, That the motto oi every C-hrisltai
 and of every Patriot should l&gt;e, “Aw untn
 intfi start/w'ldrrs, ilia r rtligously or jnditu-u
 V
 Rt salt'd, That this is not a question of ex
 pediency, on which action may he innocent!]
 deferred, “till a mote convenient season,” l»u
 I one of absolute morality, obedienep to Em
 and fidelity to mankind, to be met and carr.ei
 out to the letter without delay.
 Wendell Phillips, hairm.ni of the com
 mittee of Conference, made the following cf
 port:
 The Committee of 30 report that, ia tlmi
 opinion, tlie best interests of the cause re
 quires an immediate and strenuous effort t&lt;
 awaken and renovate the Anti-Slavery semi
 meat of Eastern New-\urk —such a move
 merit living in llit-ir view net only highly irn
 ponar.: in it.-elf but the best means of enlarg
 mg the circulation and extending the influent
/t- Slarrry Standard. They recom
 mend farther, that the services of Edmum
 Quincy lie secured in addition to those of J.ts
 Rusm-I lyjweli, for that paper, in furtherunci
 ol tb-it objects they urge that the morning h.
 d&lt; vot&lt; cl to obtaining funds for the purpose o
 sending lecturers into the eastern section o
 New-A ork into Vermont and Western Mas-&gt;a
 cloim-m-; it is also the welcome dutv to assert
 the mend- thatprobabiv the aid of Mr. r.ru
 Mrs. Foster can be had for the purpose.
 Mt. Phillips made some very pertinent le
 marks the address, agreeing with it, am
 exhorting the meeuug to show their approva
 of such a good cause/by a suitable subset! p
 lion to forward it.
 Mrs. Abby Foster 4 ...he atu-n
 non of the inecling, and supported the repor
 laid upon it by Mr. Phillip* Hr-- remark
 were eloquent and much to the ptij os:, m
 wore concluded atnid much applause.
 Mr. Foster addressed the meeting b»r
 short time.
 Anniversary of the Vigilance Committee
 On Tuesday night this Committee and tin
 friends of Abolition held their Anniversary i
 the Church corner of Prince and Marion Ms
 The meeting v.rs well attended by white nui
 colored people. The evening’s exercises vver
 I opened in prayer by Rev. Mr. Hall, ai'te
 j w hich Mr. Chas. B. Ray, Secretary, readth
 j Committee’s Report, from which we extr.tr
 the following, the crowded state of our eo!
 minis nut allowing us to publish it entire
 REPORT.
 Committees of Vigilance, for the protec. io
 and assistance of fugitive* from tho Land a
 Itains, are too well known in these regie.is
 j tn their character, objects and work to link
 lit necessary to restate them. The old Com
 I mittee in its time performed a great at.d gh»ri
 ous work Its history, through a period i
 j ten years, is written iu the personal liberty c
 ttvo thousand of our fellow-men. It, an
 1 the men of its times—some of whom are reap
 i ing their reward in the Spirit-land, and other
 j in the consciousness of having done what the
 could—.ire embalmed in the grateful hearts u
 thousands of our now free and happy breth
 ren.
 The New York State Vigilance Commit
 tee, whose first Anniversary we now celebrate
 i intends, in its enlarged sphere of usefulness
 to be not a whit behind its illustrious prodc
 cessar. All that was well-timed and gh.riou
 m the toimer, will be imitated by the latter
 At no period iu the history of Committees u
 j Vigilance, for the bondman’s benefit, did eve
 so many hearts beat in his behalf as now
 Never were so many hands leady to eorne n
 Ids help never were his claims better under
 stood or heeded. At no period lias legislatiot
 throw n mound him her shield to such an ex
 tent as at the present. .Nevar have laws beet
 i enacted in so many States making it penal fo
 the citizens thereof to aid or abet in the cap
 i litre of tiie th-emg fugitive as now. And yet
 at no period has there been more work to lx
 done than now.
 I lie w hole number of persons having beer
 provided for by ibe tCommittee during the
 I year has been 150 to 200, incidents in the his
 tory of some of w hom are of the most thrilling
 character but time and prudenco forbid tbai
 we should note particulars. Two occurrences
 1 however of recent date, cannot be passed by
 in silence. Eighteen months since, or there
 j about, aii old inau with his wife and boy, wu
 directed io us and we provided him with s
 home some distance northward, uheie he fell
 himself trcw- and happy. In this short time,
 jby his own industry, beside taking cart a)
 himself —which it is said emancipated ones are
 unable t&lt;&gt; do —he has procured himself a
 bouse and lot. Having left some of his farai-
 Iv behind, ami now having provided a home
 lor them, he felt a longing ts have them with
 i bun, and deu-immed t&lt;&gt; go after liiem Noth
 ing daunted, this grav-haired old man, com
 mences it s journey On his way, be calls on
 ti. I 'oiiiui’t'- c and tarries for a night ;uid was
 off again, full of courage, for the laud ol
 w iiip&gt;. After some days the old man returns,
 with not a single hair of his head injured, and
 rejoicing, bunging bis sheaves with him, iht
 j planter's overset,
 five months agu. a hale, healthy, shrewd
 fellow, of about 25 summers, came to us,
 leaving a wife and child behind, and we pro
 vided him also with a Northern home. Op
 i {losed to ihe separation of husband and wile,
 i and equal!* opposed to a residence at the
 Sou:b, hud believing that the wife should
 obey the husband, ot determined that she
 abould fallow tum. Thg| determined, he
 j mart* vv v too Called on us as he
 j sum few days and, not
 passed, and rema,...
 w ithstanding our fears for on u
 ed not—his courage failed nos—dtts ~u
 was before him He went, and io a U(I
 short to go the distauce tor any other purpu*^
and leturo, b* was again aaMog at. a iw
 rcmful adventurer. wiifc wife and child by hit
 »tde. And I«j crown afl. such tii ib« fond
 neat for bin nm&lt;mg hit friend* there. that two
 noble fellow* followed hint all tbe wav to a
 free land
 After tiie reading of the report, which abet
 ted much applause. tbe meeting waa add rett
 ed by Fn-derkh Donglans, and after Mr.'
 the ineetiog waa addrewrd by MTn».
 Elder. K*q„ of Philadelphia.
 Some mher gentlemen add retted the as
 semblage, and. after ~imr e are Item singing,
 separated.
 Fr..«n lire Lu»i««iHe Joarnal.
 Proceeding* of the CoareaUta of the
 Friend* of Emancipation ia Keitarky,
 i This Convention. composed ot citraeos of
 the Common weahh of Kenctocky, and repre- j
 ser.liug tbe opinions and wishes of a large
 number of their citizens throughout the Com
 mon wealth, met in tbe Capitol on tbe 25th of
 April, 1849. to consider what coots* h be
 comes those who are opposed to the increase
 and to the perpetuity of Slavery in this State
 to, pursue in the approaching canvass for
 members of the Convention, called to amend
 I the Constitution, adopts the propositions which
 1 follow, as expressing its judgment m the
 premises.
 i. Believing that involuntary hereditary i
 (Slavery, as it exists by law in this State, ia
 injurious to the prosperity ot the Comroon
 i wealth, inconsistent with ihe fundamental 1
 j principle of fiee Government, contrary to tbe
 natural rights of mankind, and adverse to a
 i pure state of morals—we aie of opinion
 that it ought not to be perpetuated in the C om
 limn wealth.
 j 11. That any scheme of emancipation ought
 ,to be prospective, operating exclusively upon
 I negroes born after the adoption of the scheme,
 j and connected with colonization.
 111. That we recommend the following
 j points as those to be insisted on in tbe new
 j Constitution, and that candidates lie run in
 icvcrv County in the State, favorable to these
 or similar constitutional provisions; 1- The
 j absolute prohibition of the importation of anv
 I more slaves to Kentucky. 2. The complete
 power in the people of Kentucky to enforce
 and perfect in or under the new Constitution,
 a system ot gradual prospective emancipation
 i of slaves.
 IV. This Convention coniines its recom
 mendations to the question ot Slavery, and
 makes no expression of opinion on any other
 j topic.
 Resolved. That VV. W. Worsley, Rueben
 I).iwson, I&gt;. L. Beatty. Patrick Maxev, Bland
 Ballard. William I*. Boone. William I'.. Glov
 jer. 'l'. McGram, James Speed, and Wni,
 Richardson, be and they are hereby appointed
 a Central Committee to use all proper means
 to promote the views of this Convention ort
 the subject of Emancipation, and that they
 have power to appoint sub-CommiUees in such
 places in the State as they may deem proper,
 and also to appoint advocates of the cause
 I where they may think its interests demand it.
 i On motion of Mr. Ballinger, it was
 j Resolved, That the thanks of this Conven
 tion are hereby tendered to i's President, A ice
 j Presidents and Secretaries, for the able and
 I impartial manner in which they have dis
 charged their respective duties,
 i Resolved, That the newspapers of Ken
 tucky be requested to publish the foregoing
 preamble and resolutions.
 HENRY OLAY, of Bourbon, President,.
 II Wino vtk and W. P. Boone, Yice-Presi|
 dents,
 I Bland Ballard, O, S. Poston, and Samuel
 .i Shy, Secietaries.
 From the Practical Christian.
 Washington Good to be Ilnng.
 More than 21.000 inhabitants of Massa
 chusetts begged Gov. Briggs to commute tho
 sentence of death and spare the life of this
 ignorant, degraded and unfortunate colored
 man, who was convicted murder only on
 circumstantial evidence. ibe most eloquent
 counsel pleaded for him. But all lias been in
 I vain. Nine persons demanded that he should
 ibe strangled. Their demand coincided with
 the predetermination of the Governor and
 Council. We are sorry, and almost ashamed
 |to publish such a decision of the Stale Exe
 cutive. The judicial killiug oi such a man
 under such civeumstauces will not soon be
 ’forgotten. It will be remembered to the
 :sorrow of those who should have spared him.
 it will be remembered and told of with intense
 feeling, til! capital punishment shall have
 been blotted from our Statute Book. The
 following remonstrative document is in circu
 j Ist ion lor signatures.
 PROTEST.
 We, the undersigned, solemnly protest
 against the intended execution of Washing
 ton Goode, as a crime in which we would
 under no circumstances participate, which we
 would prevent if possible, and in the guilt of
 which we will not, by the seeming assent of
 silence, suffer ourselves to be implicated,
 j We believe that the execution of this man
 w ill involve all who are instrumental in it in
 the crime of minder—of the murder in cold
 hi&lt; od of a helpless fellow being.
 The arguntents by w hich executions an*
 generally defended are wholly wanting here.
 The prisoner is not one who in spite of good
 instruction and example, for purposes of
 avarice, revenge, or lust, Jeliberatelv planned
 the murder of a fellow being. The intended
 victim of law was a man of misfortune from
 built, made by his social position and still
 more by the color which God gave him, the
 viciitii of neglect, of oppression, of prejudice,
 of all the evils indicted upon humanity by
 man. If in a paroxysm of drunken rage be
 Lil'ed his opponent, (and this is the utmost
 alleged against him) his case comes far short
 of premeditated murder,
 j But even this fact is extremely doubtful.
 'lt is supported only by the most suspicious
 testimony, and such as, even if honest, was
 trom the nature of the case extremely liable
 to mistake, and such as would not have
 weighed u ith any jury to touch the life of a
 white man. And since tite trial, facts have
 come to light, materially lessening Uie credi
 bility of the evidence which led to conviction.
 The glaring unfairness of his mode of trial
 is of itselt sufficient ground for this protest.
 The maxim w hich gives to the accused a
 i trial by his peers was t setitially violated. In
 a community' where sympathy with the
 .colored tnan is a rare and unpopular senti
 ment, the prisoner should have been tried bv
 a jury composed partly, at least, of his own
 ‘race This violation of the principles of
 equal justice demands our solemn protest
 We claim also that the petition of more
 than 20,000 ol otir feilow-citizens to have
 this man spared, demands respect. Such a
 t number of voluntary petitioners ail upon one
 side, indicate* the will of tbe sovereign peo
 pie of the State that the penalty should be
 1 commuted Our respect for the right of the
 j people to a voice and a just influence in tho
 administration of public justice, also de
 mauds this solemn protest against the legal
 murder of Washington Goode.
 From lly Christian Citizen.
 Casrew of Nations.—Peace Meeting la
 Worcester.
 Un Sunday evening. April 2Vth. a meet
 ing of the citizens of this town waa held ts
 the City Hall, having been called to coo-
 I aider tbe proposed arrangements for a Con
 gress ofNattons.
 The meeting wn» railed to order by J. Mil*
 ton Earle, and oo umuoo, Albert Tolman wte
 i chosen Moderator of tbe meeting,
 i Mr. Hal* read the following resolutions,
 which bad been put talu hi* hands by the
 i Committee of Arrangement* for tfua meeting.
 i*t. Resolved, That we deem tbs cause of
 Peace to hfve paramount claim* on tbe atten
 tion of Christian philanthropists, and that they
 are bound by every principle of humanity tc
 give their efforts for the abolition of the erne I,
 j destructive, and demoralizing practice of war.
 •id. Resolved, Thai the proposal of Peace
 Societies ia Great Britain and America, for a
 to bo composed of Delegate* from
 Coogre.., jo the snango
 *ll nations who
■ml, (h the jwrpue' of totiamf
 mnsIMMl by which *»r Itttitre di»*
 pa lea a»y be aftcrusid* adju«|pd. «»peM u»
 the hoM of a Mlf*'. Inimical ami e(M«*l
 method bj w ar- mar b«* fi&gt; r?,pr F***
 vested
 3d. Rlholvrd. That w** took apoo the tale
 Congress at Bruto&gt;:U for tiro parptro. aa an
 important and auspicious enal »n tbe history
 of oat age: and sec in tfo; *|&gt;inl of baniwmy
 and Christian l**oe\ulecce which guided its
 discussion*- a cheering mdicalioM of tbe ad
 vancing poufs*tKui ut ft* work!
 4th. Reoohrtl. That \*e highly a of
 the zealous aa*l arduous ffoit* ma«fo by our
 gifted countryman. FJihu Burrh in thbcause,
 and sympathize: warmly with bun, and grate
 fully acknowledge the generous co-operation
 Sven to them by ctniuenl friends of peace m
 ritsin, and on tbe Continent of Europe.
 sth. Resolved, That we earnestly request
 all citizens of tbe United States who are siu
 cereiy desirous of promoting the peace oi tin
 world, to make efforts that a strong and able
 Delegation may be e-eut from this country, to
 tbe great Convention for a Congress of Nn
 tioos to be held at Paris, in the ensuing month
 of August.
 Peace eagres* at Paris in Aagns*.
 Me. Drew:— Dear Sir,—l have made the
 following favorable and liberal arrangements,
 with Messrs E. Train Co. of Boston, for
 the accommodation of such of the .Delegates
 to the Peace Convention at Paris, in August
 next, as may wish to take passage in their
 line of Packets.
 Tickets will be furnished each delegate en
 titling him to a passage to Liver jkk&gt;l and back
 in their fine line of sailing packets, for One
 hundred Dollar*. Passengers may leave Bos
 ton on the sth of July in the Plymouth Rock,
 Cap*. Caldwell, a new vessel of 1000 tons,
 j with two cabins. They may return in that
 vessel on the2oth August, or. in any other
 vessel of the same line, on the sth or 20th of
 each succeeding month. The Plymouth Rock
 went out in her first and only trip, to Liver
 pool in 14 days. The ships of this line, make
 their trips out in 14 to 20 da\s; hack, in 20 to
 30, usually.
 With Mr. Train, the principal owner of this
 line, I have been well acquainted tor some
 twenty years. He stands high in the esti
 mation of tho mercantile community. Fr&lt;»m
 what I have seen ofCapt. Caldwell, I should
 think he would give good satisfaction to those
 who may sail under his care. He is regarded
 as an able and gentlemanly commander.
 It is desirable that Messrs. Train Co.
 should be informed as soon as the 10th of June
 how’ many are disposed to avail themselves ol
 this offer.
 All Peace Societies, and Leagues of Uni
 versal Brotherhood will do well, therefore, to
 make their choice of Delegates immediately,
 .and inform Mr. J. P. Blanchard of Boston, or
 the subscriber.
 It is supposed that some of the Colleges
 j might be disposed to send delegates, and pru
 j bably some of the various Humane and Phil
 anthropic Societies. Should such he the case,
 i they may go out under the same genr-nl ar
 rangement, by giving notice as above,
 i No creed is imposed on those who take part
 ,in this Convention. They are expected to he
 the sincere friends of permanent and universal
 Peace, and in favor of discussing a plan for
 I the establishment of a Congress of Nations to
 [form a code of international laws, and a High
 jdourl of Arbitration, for the adjustment of in
 tflmational disputes.
 E|fcnqtiiries will be made in regard to the ex
 f pehse of a passage for such delegates as may
 choose to go out in the Steam Packets, and the
 information will he communicated hereafter.
 Amasa W.vxkkk.
 i North Brookfield, May 4, 1840.
 P. S. The other necessary expenses need
 not exceed 100 dollars. From Liverpool, the
 delegates all of whom it i$ presumed will wish
 to see something of flbglanu, will go by lail
 road to Ijondon, aud then by the w ay of Brigh
 ton, or some other port on the British Channel
 to France Perhtps sstnewrmngcmente may
 made in England which will much reduce lh&lt;?
 expenses of the delegates while in that coun
 try
 Editors willing to aid this object are le
 quested to copy this notice.
THE NORTH STAR.
ROCHESTER, MAY 18, 1849
Visit to New York.
 Calmly and comfortably seated upon onrj
 editorial stool, in the stillness of our closet, 1
 shut out from the bustle and confusion of
 New York so annoying to one unaccustomed
 to the noise and jar of a large City, we pro
 pose now to give our patient readers, a brief
 account of some things which we have seen,
 felt, heard and experienced, since we parted
 from ihem two weeks awn No reformer
 needs to be told that ihe May meetings, or
 anniversaries at New York, bring together
 fiom year to year the most earnest men of
 the land, and present to the world the most
 tangible test of the moral activity, and the
 amount of moral excellence in the nation to.
 be found anywhere. This is admitted. The,
 great light of nearly all the moral, religious'
 and humane movements of the age and nation
 may lie seen in New York during the week
 devoted to the anniversaries. T' e cause of
 the poor, the halt and blind, the sailor, and
 prisoner the widow anil orphan, the slave
 and the Heathen, —all come up for o nsidera
 i
 tion benevolent societies, of almost every:
 desetlplion claim the attention and sympathy
 of the public eloquence is poured out like
 water m behalf of the peace,
 anti-slavery and motal reform causes. Warm
 hearts and strong minds are at work among
 them all, and all must and will he heard. Wej
 shall not pretend to give our readers any ac
 count of all these anniversaries. It is im
 possible Hu us to dost), li is almost impos
 sible to do justice to the proceedings of any
 one of these societies. They each in the
 short space of three or four hours, pour,
 out matter enough to fill volumes.
 We shall only attend to the meetings of
 the friend* of that movement nearest to our,
 hearts, because the most irtdical, mcndless,
 i hated, and dleaded—the Anti-Slavery move
 'incut. The first of tliese. was the anni
 versary meeting of the American Auti-a'ave
 ry Society. It assembled Tuesday Bth May,
 in the Tabernacle, Broadway. And notwith
 standing the increasing unpopularity of this
 society, and the heavy ram, its meeting was
 more largely attended than we ever remember
 to have seen it before. The vast hall was
 nearly full, there beiog perhaps not fewer than
 tweoty-five handled persons jeesent. At ten
 o'clock the Chair was taken by William
 Lloyd Gabmsok, Pres idem of the Societv,
 who, after seggestiog the fitness of invoking
 the smiles of God upon our efforts, and re
 turning thanks for ihe blessed results which
 have thus far attended our intro
 duced Rev. 8. Mat, of Boston, ts the meet
 ing, who supplicated the Throne of deviae
 mercy, in a solemn and impressive manner.
 William Lloyd Garrison proceeded to read
 aumersca ex tracts from sacred writ against
 oppression, injustice, and Slavery, which
 told very sensibly upon the assembly.
 Passu Pillule y of New Hampshire,—
 a veteran Arm-slavery lecturer who baa pro
tofetj touted harder mud faagei itea her
 •*tre« i«i *h»«y lectxerr now io tte teM—
 A* few regular speech uh the
 Mr. PilUburr seldom speaks aanivereary
 orcaatoos. We never beard him o» sach as
 onsaiui before. A quiet, unassuming but
 powerful man. be should never be allowed I®
 remain silent when there is an eppottsnitv te
 be beard. His remarks on this occasion were
 original,weighty, full and clear. He was list
 ened to with marked attention. Though eoo
 trouted by the imposing presence of luge
 body of d’Tsnei, yet with his characteristic
 boldness, he subjected tbeii American Church
 to a most thorough and biting exposure, quo
 ting largely from documents emanating from
 tbe dergy. When his remarks were ended,
 no man of them all dared to deny a stogie
 charge, or to take exception to a single re
 mark: thus by their silence folly ratifying the
 charges which Mr. P. so pointedly and pow
 erfully brought against them.
 Mr. Pillsbury was followed by Wendell
 Phillip* of Boston, lie cauie upon the
 Platform with lus usual easy and majestic
 sir. The audience appeared io expect much
 I ami received all they expected. The man
 seemed to have been with his God teaming
 his duty immediately Irom the lips of Deity.
 He sp«&gt;ke as if lo» stood alone in the world,
 despising utterly all the wisdom of men,
 trampling upon time hallowed, but worthless
 institutions, forgetting to conceal his real con
 victions in order to gain influence over those
 who differed from him. In the spirit of a
 true man. a follower of Christ, be rebuked all
 timeserving hypocrites, all seekers aftet ioflu
 lence, exclaiming that “God did not send him
 into the world to get influence, but to do hil
 duty." He believed influence gained in any
 manner inconsistent with an honest discharge
 of duty to be worthless. It is the faithful
 man, even without a single follower that ii
 the truly influential man. Mr. Phillips made
 a long speech, but he could not well hav«
 been shorter, to have done ju&amp;tice to hie
 i subject or to have met the wishes of hit
 i audience. We have often heard Mr. Phillips,
 i and sometimes when he was more eloquent
 1 than on the present occasion, but never whet:
 I he was more truthful and earnest than at this
 I
 time. The audience must have received
 'powerful impression from that speech. Fred
 1 erick Douglass followed Mr. Phillips, but the
 ateness of the hour and the already exhaust
 -j «d energies of the audience led him to defei
 his intended remark* for subsequent meet
 ’j in" of the society.
 The Platform of this Anniversary was
 11 adorned by the usual array of Anti-slaverj
 j; faces, Francis Jackson of Boston, Georgi
 r Benson of Northampton, Isaac T. Hopper, o
 New York, F.pmvnd Qdincy of Dedham
 ti Llcrktia Mot*t, of Philadelphia, Willian
 W. Brown, of 80-ton, Abby, Kelli
 j Foster, S. 8. Foster, and Rev. Samuei
 ir' May, were among the most familiar. It war
 good to behold these earnest men and w omen
 dead to the low moral standard of theii
 i times, indifferent to the smiles or frowns o
 jj the world, disregardful of the pitiful pre
 jndice against color which everywhere per
 Mvadesthe country, boldly reaching out the
 _ hand of manly assistenc* and brotherhood tc
 tl i our long neglected race.
 r! Willinm LWjrdGtrriMNi, had less to say on
 this occasion than usual for him w&gt;e learned
 i that :t was on account of the recent lost of a
 -j beloved sou— a sore affliction, in which
 I however he does not suffer alone. The
 sincere condolence of every friend of the
 slave is with hint and his dear family. The
 Annivetsary was one of the most imposing
 and impressive that we have ever attended,
 j and we have tm doubt that it will be long
 I remembered with sincere interest by the
 numerous Anti-Slavery friends who attended
 rj and participated in its proceedings.— f. d.
Anniversary of the Amer. and Foreign
 A. S. Society.
 This body mei in the afternoon immediately
 after the adjournment of the American Anti-
 Slaveiy Society. We were unable to be
 present 3t its commencement, or to remain
 (lurid" its entire proceedings. We heard only
 an abstract of its annual report read by Ijewis
 Tappan, Esq. The documents seemed to
 give a minute history of events affecting the
 anti-slavery cause during the last year, and
 will doubtless Ire valuable. After the reading
 of the report was finished, the President an
 nounced that music would be the next thing
 in order; thereupon four little boys known as
 the Lucca family, came upon the platform,
 and sung an antt-slavery song to tire tune of
 Old Dan much to the amuse
 ment of the audience. They were encored,
 and greatly gratified their audience by com
 pliance. This slopping at such a stage in the
 proceedings of so grave an assembly, to have
 a tune performed by a boy, on the piarrr,
 6truck us as rather wanting in taste, to say
 the least. At the dose of this song, Mr.
 Bibb took the platform U&gt; second a resolution
 proposing to give Bibles to the
 made a long speech in fivorof this toast ah*
 surd and extraordinary proposition.* The
 speech was as absurd m the pmgmUton it
 was intended to support. We* ftnfre adleif
 heard Mr. Bibb, and generally with flnww
 and profit, especially when
 HThi-*olf to a statement of Ins aa poiCMl
 sufferings as a slave, arid those®
 still in cruel bondage. Cpon
 Mr. Bil*b is always interesting, lodiin *»g, and
 powerful. Beyond lint he is
 and powerless.
 His address on the present occasion was
 made up of a most illogical display of cant
 phrase* about the bible, its power to abolish
 slavery if given to the slave, dte. it was a
 poor thing, which would do very well for that
 namby-pamby Aaae of persons in ooj country
 who care a great deal about the souls of men
 but care nothing for their budie». There are
 many such in this country, who would give a.
 dollar towards giving the slave a bible, but
 who would not give a cent to give the slave
 himself. The epc ech might have been a very
 proper one for the Anoiveraary of the Ameri
 can Bible Society—made op in part of slave
 holders and slave-trader*—bat it sounded qeite j
 odd in an Anti-Slavery Meeting.
 We did not stay till Mr. Bias finished hia
 speech, but led him beating the air. We
 were informed that Mr. Wajuj followed Mr.
 Bibb, and made a speech which greatly re
 lieved the audience of the stupor tadneed by
 listening &gt;o Mr. Bine.
 Tpon this matter of giving btbiea to the
 slave we have a lew gpaarka to make, and a
 few questions to ask. The first is that from
ih« im ultte «f tike relation *f master and
 slave it does seen impose hie to give the Wile
 to the slave Without the coosent ef the j
 ter. He m pmpcrty ta the eye af bis mmtrr
 not leaa than m the eye &lt;»f ib« law. And it i
 doea ueemal obvious to comwoo acose t|ptj
 froftrty ran not i»im praprr/y, even »n the i
 ahapeof a bible. It is equally plain that the j
 slaveholder is not likely to give his consent to I
 aay measure which will in any way*"destroy
 or decrease the value of bis property in hu-
 man flesh. Nor is it less plain that the con-
 sent of the slaveholder to give bibles must be i
 obtained, it obtained at a!!, by some one in no
 way suspected ot abolitionism.
 These positions being uue. bow is it possi
 ble that the slave can have the bible, while
 they remain under the power and eoauol of
 their masters It is all well enough perhaps
 to say that the slave might to have the bible;
 to say that, as a human being, hr is entitled
 to it, and that we ought to give it to him. But
 the question of its practicability w ill still force
 itself upon the mind, and demand how this
 thing is to be done The bible, no more than
 any other book, lias within itself the power
 of locomotion, ami if it goes from the North
 to the South it must lie earned. The ques-
 tion is who will cany the bible and give it toj
 the slave VV ill Mr. Bibs 1 Will those who j
 encourage him to advocate the measure go
 theTe and circulate the bible They mean
 to do no such thing, at least im the present
 state of the public mind there. The truth is,
 slaveiy and the bible are at war with each
 other, and the slave cinnot really have the
 bible while In* r* a slave. Our duty is there
 fore to devote all our energies to giving the
 j slave to himself as the only condition upon
 which the slave can have the bible.— v. n.
 1
 The New York Vigilance Committee.
 —This body held its anniversary at the Fhil
 oah Presbyterian Church, corner of Prince aud
 Marion streets, on Tuesday evening, Bth May.
 The Secretary, Rev. C. 13. Ray, made a very
 interesting report of the doings of the Com
 mittee during the past year, showing that
 more than two hundred souls had been
 ed from slavery to a land of freedom, and im
 parting many interesting items of interest coo
 nected with their escape. As an evidence of
 the interest taken in this committee we may
 state that Gerrit Smith, who lias made his
 purse strings the common properly of the
 anti-slavery cause, has recently sent his draft
 I to the committee, allowing them to draw upon
 him lor five hundred dollars the present yeai,
 and largo sums have been received from other
 sources. After the report was read, Freder
 ick Douglass was called to the platform and
 addressed the meeting for nearly an hour.
 He w as followed by Dr. Win. Elder of Phil
 adelphia. He took his text, a single passage
 in the letter of Gerrit Smith to the Vigilance
 Committee, treating slavery as a war upon the
 government of God. And such a speech we
 never heard before, and hardly ever expect
 I ta hear again. It was neither fish, flesh, not
 j fowl, but something more and better than
 I eitner. Clear as a sunbeam, dispensing light
 and heal at the same time it was the most
 powerful, biting, withering, warming, melt
 ing, and biilliant speech that we ever listened
 to. It makes cue's head ache to think of it.
 He, however, took the liberty to use profane
 language in his speech, w hich would not tic
 allowed iu any one Jess a genius than himself,
 and which he might well dispense with. The
 meeting of the Vigilance Committee was one
 of the best which we attended during our
 visit to New York.— r. n.
 I
 Kidnapping in Caroline County,—The
 Denton (Md.) Journal says that on the night
 of the sth inst. an t.trocious outrage was com
 mitted in Caroline Co. The circumstances
 are as follows: Three :ree negro youths, a
 girl and two boys, were kidnapped and taken
 from the county with intent to sell them to the
 South. Their names are Margaret Davis,
 Harrison Hubbard and James Clarkson. They
 had been hired for a few days by Mr. James
 T. Wooters, near Denton, for the ostensible
 purpose of cutting corn-stalks. After being
 a day or two in Mr. Water's employ they
 suddenly disappeared, and no one could learn
 j aught of their wheieabout. A suspicion of
 their being forcibly kidnapped soon took pos
 session of the public mind, and inquiry being
 set on foot, it was. after some days, discover
 ed that they had been secretly carried through
 Huntington (‘reek toward Worcester Co.
 thence to Virginia. We learn that the ne
 groes. are now in Not folk. Efforts are being
 made to return them to their parents. Several
 others are implicated with Mr. W outers, in
 this outrage, one of whom, Mr, Smith W.
 Cockran, is now in jail. A Mr. Parker of
 Kent Co. negro dealer, is said to have act
 ed a principal part in the matter. The offi
 cers are now on the look-out for Wooters and
 otheis, who are supposed to nave engaged in
 the kidnapping.
 The Coalition in Wisconsin.
 The New York Tribune gives the basis of
 union adopted by the Democrats and Free
 Soilers of Wisconsin, which is the adoption
 by each p&amp;tty of all the distinctive principles
 of the other, so that the new creed is formed
 by ti»e rule of .Simple Addition. The,
 Democrats,” as Ceu. Cass's supported call
 from the Free Soilers, and
 Eto maintain following:
 (lave Territory, not Slave
 of all I'nited States laws
 ./holding Slavery at VVash
 rohibition in the
 New M' flMHflfcaltfoinia.
 Uion —NJHHSpeaftcr to
 Lands to m imii
 (pft’flttMMß»acl|ial settler* foi the cost of sur-
 appropriations by Congress fru
 HMEBd harbor improvements.
 JfT. filial suffrage foi men of all colors.
 So far, the principles came from the reform
 side. The following are taken from the 'oth
 er side
 b. No Tariff at all, the Federal Govern
 ment to be supported by direct taxation.
 it. No National Bank—-no Deposit of Gov
 eminent Funds in any Bank—the Sub-Trea
 sury.
 The following ts not peculiar to either or
 any party
 10. liberal Exemption* of both real and
 personal property from sale on execution.
 Such is the compound basis on which the
 coalesced party has agreed to act hereafter,
 and union meetings ate now convened
 throughout the State to ratify and cement the
 coalition.
 A BREST or AM ABOLITION IST. —Jar* is C.
 Bvcon has been indicted and arrested at
 Grayson, Va., charged with circulating Abo
 lition documents. The documents were a
 sermon preached m Philadelphia, and the
 Life of Frederick Douglass.
 Philadelphia Scbsckimrs who have failed
 to get their papers for some weeks past, will
 please to call for them at Gao. W. Gomes'
 office, 8, Exchange Place, Lombard Stream
 They will be seat thn ugh the post- oflke hem-
TW Hnmwa Cuttle Market.
 There must liatc been 70 to ttw*,
 ftotn 15 to 30 year* of sgc. All (both m*n
 and women) were dressed to ret them off
 the beet advantage. which is always the ca*«-
 it there sales. s»'rer:«| of the colored girl*,
 evidently the fiaughrtr r&gt; of white h*.]
 their rewind work with them, a* evidence oi
 their skill in that department. The whole
 were arrsnged under a kind of verandah. har
 ing a Joot-beoch to stand ip. n. and tiw-ir hacks
 resting against the wj»ll. None were m aov
 way tied or chained; but two white men (sooj
 dmers, I suppose) were tsuiitenof about )n
 front of theta, each w l’h a ng: r in his mouth,
 a whip ander his arm, and his hands m hu
 pockets, looking up for purchasers. In its
 externa] asjiect, the exhibition was not alto-
 Ether unlike w hat 1 have sometimes seen in
 igland, wjicrc ssune wandering Italian ha*
 ranged against a wall h s bronzed figures of
 distinguished men. It was between |-J and I
 in the &lt;lajr; hut there w as tin crowd—not even
 a single boy or girl looking on—so common
 and every-day was th character of the scene
 At we moved along in front of this sable row
 one of the w hite attendants (though iny wife
 had hold of my arm) said to me. with all the
 nonchaiano of s Southfield cattle-drover
 “ljooking out for a few niggers this morn
 ing*" Never did 1 feel my manhood so insult
 ed. My indignation burned lor expression
 But I endeavored to affect indifference, and
 answered in a don't care sort of tone, “No,
 1 ui not particularly »n want of anv to-day
 1 could scarcely finish the sentence, emotion
 checked my utterance. I passed on, gazing
 at the troop of degraded humane beings till
 my eves became so tilled with tears that I wa»
 compelled to turn my face another way.
 Though I anticipated such scenes, and hail
 tiled to prepare my numl for them, vet now
 that they were actually before me, I was com
 pletely overcome, and was obliged to seek a
 place to sit down whiie 1 composed my feel
 ings. With what sentiments iny companion
 beheld tjhe scene, I will leave you to conjec
 ture.. it was Saturday morning, and with mv
 professional habits, I naturally thought of ihV
 many divines in that very city, who were at
 that moment shut up in their studies prepar
 ing their discourse lor the morrow. 1 wished
 I had them all before me. 1 could have given
 every one of them a text to preach from. I
 would have said—(lentlemen, see there, and
 blush-fm you follow citizens. See there 1
 and never again talk of American liberty'
 See there and lift up your voices like so
 many trumpets agatnst this enormity See
 there' and m the face of persecution, poverty,
 imprisonment, and if needs be; even death it
 self. bear your faithful testimony, arid cease
 not until this tout stain be wiped away from
 your national escutcheon. J)i. S., to.moirow
 morning let ibis be your text, ‘‘Where is A-
 Ixd, thy brother'” Dr. if., let your discourse
 jl&gt;e founded on Kxndos xxt. 10, “And he that
 stealeth a man and selleth him, or if he bo
 foil mi in his hand, be shall surely be put to
 j death. \mi the Rev. Mr, let your gay
 i and wealthy congregation be edified with a
 bolenm and impressive sermon on Isaiah Ivitt.
 0, “Is not tins the fant that 1 have chosen, to
 loose the bands of wickedness, to undo the
 heavy burdens, and to let the oppressvd go
 free, and that ye break every yoke!” And
 you, tiie Rev. Mr. 11., let your bearers have
 iu full and taillifu! exposition of that aw
 w hich is fulfilled in one word, even in this—
 i“tliou shall love thy neighbor a* thyself.”—
 Davis's Tour in America.
 I The writer of the hook from which the
 j above extract is taken, was for a number oi
 iyears a missionary in New Amsterdam, Bet
 htce—sent out by the London Missionary Su
 'cietv. His book has been noticed favorably
 anil unfavorably by the press in this country
 and in England. The Boston Reflector and
 Watchman copies, with approval, an extract
 jfrom the London Baptist Magazine, and at
 I the same time takes the opportunity, although
 the writer does not appear to have seen the
 book himself, to make the gratuitous, and it
 does appear to me, so far at least as lie can
 judge, most unwarrantable assertion, that Mr.
 D-ttniscame to this country,determined, af
 ter the manner of the famous Mrs. Trollops
 and others, not to see anything in our religion,
 1 morals, laws, manners and habits, worthy of
 commendation.” The notice on the. credit of
 j which the Boston Reflector has formed this
 estimate, is evidently a caricature. And
 there is a reason lbr it. The course pursued
 by Mr. Davis contrasts so strongly with that
 which the Baptist Deputation a lew years
 I since thought fit to adopt, that the blindness
 |ol the writer in the Baptist Magazine to the
 'merits of the book is not by any means sur
 piising. I will quote a js&gt;rlion of the extract,
 ■leavingout the iidiculous part of it, in which
 Mr. Davis i 3 accused of the very unpardona
 hie offence of having cal fed the steamers on
 the Mississippi Monsters, find it is men
 honed as a grievous crime, that he should tell
 jsucli things about the church accommodation
 (South, that in one place “lie had to walk
 |down the aisle coveted with snow With
 these things i have no concern. Let Mr. Dv
 -1 vis, and the Baptist Magazine, and the Boston
 Reflector, settle them, it ihey can, to the sa;-
 isfaciiuri of all parties. But it docs appear t.»
 me that a person pretending to give an ac
 count of vi bat he secs, should tell just what
 he does see, whether he runs the risk of lic
 king taunted with Trollopisin or not. He can
 i not !&gt;e held accountable for the facts. They
 nay not please everybody. It is a singular
 j thing, but not leas true than it is singular, that
 facts, in these days of wrong-doing, are jus;
 Ithe sort ut things that are most sure to dis
 please a very considerable proportion of read
 ers. Che lseu tell either against thetnsdie-,
 their interests, or their prejudice*; therefor.-
 they dou i like them. But for the extract
 It is quite clear that Mr. Davis has win
 t&lt;JM h;s b&lt;M»U under the influence of strong
 prejudices against the American people, be
 cause of then connection with slavery. In
 lus ablioirence of this system, we join him
 fully and heartily hut we submit that in his
 i hatred to slavery he should not forget the can
 dor ol a gentleman, or the spirit of a Chris
 tian. Abuse will not hasten the day of free
 dom. Why shcuhi he hold up to public
 reorn the social habits of the
 We icgret that a eerffi Of dutv has
 compelled us n&gt; write in a attain of eenauic
 upon the book before us. And we now coo
 elude by uttering a protest against t mists,
 voyagers, and book-makers, w hetber English
 men or Americans, holding up the customs
 and habits of each other's country to reproach
 and derision in crude and wort bless publica
 tions
 Now, 1 leg to submit, with all deference to
 such high authority as the editor of the Bap
 list Magazine undoubtedly is, that tbo gratui
 tous dictation of what ought to be the tub
 ject* and the style to which books roust to
 written, is rather too high a responsibility for
 any mere mortal, of not more than oxtraord:-
 oary judgment, to assume. Any aod uverj
 rozn ha* a right to hold up to reproach sod
 the habits aod customs of any country
 i if those habits and customs are worthy of re
 pvwach and derision—provided always that
 ibis ia done under the influence of a worthv
 ohjoet. There are some—indeed, many ebar
 respecting whom the simple troth is
 U»* gunk* u putsch. Will the Baptist
 Magazine affirm that it was wrong to pro
 claim the etimo of Tawsu., or Coeavotatza,
 or any othor rapotod tospoctabte villain, bo*
