15 .nett proclamation would »übi‘*ct him
 u» tepioacli' If the sentence above quoted
 t,is arty meaning, it lead* to the inevitable
 {uoclutton that he would We might have
 vpeeted something better from the Magaxine
 nan the resuscitation of that silly and long
 &gt;tnC e exploded elap-tiap aU*ut making books
 ~n each other's country.” A man's right*
 i citizen of the world arc above those which
 can elv:n as a emien ot any particular
 eountrv Manhood is above nationality,
 wve ini’ the man who t* prepared to merge
 '.it love tor the particular spot of earth, called
 it father land, in his larger and mure com
 prehenstvc love for God's world, it may b&lt;
 k heterodox and unpopular sentiment, bul
 i rai n &gt;t help thinking that w hat we have lo i
 •■•t* l ili« habit ol calling patriotism,*' u
 i. .thing more nor leu than a kind of expand
 id selfishness. W e love to hear of the sue*
 ot our country's schemes, not becacw
 ifiov 1 scheme* are right and good in them*
 »e!v.*!», hut because the country is our*, and
 t.rsuor is reflected upon us In its greatness.
 W e even feel angrv at those who tell u? ol
 •-ur country’s faults ami short-coruings —just
 we do sometimes when a friend tells us ol
 our own failings. An appeal to tins senti
 ment hi nn-ru ans against Mr. Davis's book,
 ulterly unworthy of the high standing end
 .•-portability claimed by the iiapiisi .Magazine.
 Mr Davis, living in llcrbicc, ha«l been ac
 customed to tin 1 colored people there Iveing
 considered and treated as men. Perhaps even
 Jm&gt; own efforts were eiueiiy directed to their
 instruction and elevation. What more likely,
 lien he came to tics country, than that the
 ..ihruted stale of the coloied American should
 the subject of his especial remark As to
 ihe quality ol the book, ami its being classed
 amongst crude and worthless publications,”
 utv one must judge for himself, the
 ■mi of the Haptist editor notwithstanding.—
 i tie extract given above will help the reader
 a conclusion. There are a few in this
 country who will not consider the book worth*
 v-&gt;. it it helps to expose the wrong-doing of
 he waked, and to hasten the dav of deli ver
 se- lor the oppressed. Nor will they ask,
 i order to their arriving at a just judgment of
 merits, whether ii was written by an
ieriean, an KugiiMunan, or a ilollentot.
Sli.N IFICANT TwilMOW.— Theft! IS a
 &lt;i ;s. (.(people m this country —unfortunately!
 a laige class—w ho take little if any interest
 ui iclor.natory movements—who profess lobe,
 ■xc«;-.«ivcly tender of the feelings and opin
 ions of tlieir neighbors,—who go to church
 old would have it believed that they arc re-
 IJ lulls, and ail thai. —and as evidence of their
 igion, hold up their hands in holy abhor
 rice of ihe sin of ultraism. The New ork
 inquirer, giving an account ot the Aniversaiy i
 Meetings in New Voik, has this short para
 graph, which such persons may read with ad
 v autage: —“The indifference of this commu
 nity to the subject ot Emancipation is not to
 In: ascribed, however falsely wre may flatter
 ourselves, to the extravagance of its ultra ad-;
 \ocates. At the meeting of the American and i
 Foreign Anti-Slavery Society at the Tabei-i
 cade on Tuesday afternoon—a society which)
 lakes strict care to say nothing against the
 Constitution or tin* church, although wc do
 not claim to know all good or decisive men
 in New York, we saw not one single face be
 longing to an influential member ol society in
 this citv whether clerical or lay' And the
 Colonization Society, to which we hurried in
 the evening, determined to see the three
 forms of op, »-it on to slavery on the same
 platform, on successive portions of the same
 day, had abandoned its meeting for want of
 interest—a lamentable commentary on the icy
 indifference of our community in a subject
 which should make the very stones cry out.
 Have not the abolitionists some apology for a
 li r y /eal and an absnrtied devotion to the one
 therne of of immediate abolition under circum
 stances like these 7
Tribute of Respect.
 At a special meeting of the New York!
 \	'rica:i Society for Mutual Relief, held agiee
 a.My to public notice on Friday evening, April!
 I*l9, the President announced the death of j
 Samuel Ennalls, lor a number of years Presi- j
 dent of the Society, whereupon the following;
 Preamble and Resolutions were unanimously
 adopted
 Whereas, it has pleased the Supreme Ku-i
 ler of the Fniverse to remove by deatli ourj
 brother, Samuel F.nualls, for a number of
 years President ol this Society, therefore,
 Resolved, Thai while we humbly acqui
 esce in the dispensations of ]Jivine Provi
 dence, we sincerely lament the demise of our
 Ex-President.
 Resolved, That we sincerely condole with
 ilie family of the deceased in their severe be
 reaveinent —in ihe loss ol Husband 3nd
 Father.
 Resolved, That as a token ol respect for
 the deceased, we wear the usual badge ot
 mourning lor thirty days, and that the llall ol
 the Society be shrouded in black.
 Resolved, That as a fmtlier evidence of re
 spect, we attend Ihe funeral of the deceased
 in a body.
 Resolved, That a copy ot the above reso
 lotions be tendered to ihe family of the de
 ceased. and that they be published.
 J. J. /TITLE, Sec y.
 New York. April 7, 18^'*.
The Suvt Makkli.— Washington April
 &gt;7. My last report gave the movements ot
 Tuesday, the last market day, when fifty
 In-ad changed hands at gi&gt;od prices, so tar as
 known. Ii should Ih‘ noted however, tliat
 i»oih buyers and sellers seem little inclined to
 give publicity to then proceedings. From
 Mils reason the rej*ort* must he necessarily
 macurale and imperfect. t learn, however,
 from a g« ntleman who attended at the
 shambles this morning, mat six loniaien were
 taken, young and kkely, at an average of
 live bundled dollars a head, —for the South
 ern market. They were &amp;hip|&gt;ed by the cars
 this morning. Purchasers would do well iu
 aitend there in great numbers, as tio depot in
 itin I'niied Stales offers greater advantage*.
 At the seat of the federal government dealer#
 m this article aie protected by its power, and
 are exempt from many but then* and prohibi
 tions that restrict the traffic in the States.
 V. Y. Ere. Post■
Philasthaopy —(iernt Smith h making
 arrange .cuts to present deeds of land, gene
 rally Iroiu 30 to 40 acres, together with 10
 in money each, to one thousand poor and
 landless white jnrsous, apportioned among
 the counties of the State. The number of bene
 ficiaries in Monroe will] U* gn.
 They are to be equally divided between the
 sexe*, and the recipients must be vntuous,
 and entirely clear ol the vice of drinking in
 toxicating drmk*. He says most of the laud is
 ot an inferior quality, and some of it may turn
 out to be worthies* for farming purposes. If
 lie fails to furnish a deed of land to any of the
 persons selected, he will give them FU) acres
 of government laud. He has already given
 JOOo deeds of land to that number of colored
 g ersoits.
■ft
 Communications.
 FreHo«*« Mart ft*.
 Ftn&gt;KKicK Dotglcw —am not of
 those who how down at ibe ahrine of the vie
 torioua hero, whose laurel* are covered with
 human gore; ur chant praises to thone w ho
 fall in the midst of battle, irrespective of the
 principle* which triumph with him, or in con
 tending for which, they offer up their lire* a
 willing memento of their devotion. Hut to
 thoee who do, or dare to die, from moral or
 physical courage in the cause of truth, right,
 liberty, principle- -the heart, m spile of teach
 ing* to the contrary, renders the meed of
 praise involuntarily.
 To the moral heroism of Christ, tn daring
 to offer up his life in devotion to those princi
 ples. the advocacy and application of winch
 are calculated to render earth a paradise the j
 moral courage, devotion, and martyrdom of*
 1-jvejoy and Torrey m enforcing those princi
 ples the soul-inapiring deed* performed by a
 Tell, a Bruce, a W ashingtoa, or a Tousaint
 I/Ouverture: the chainless spirits of a Natha-:
 niel Turner, Madison, W ashmgton.or Joseph
 Cinque —all meet a response in the human
 heart, whether it be deemed expedient to ex
 press it or not
 Hut it is mv purpose at present to render a
 tribute to an unknown hero, to record the;
 deed* of valor of a nameless general, to chant 1
 praises to an unsung martyr.
 In the National Anti-Slavery Standard, of
 the 3d mat., appeared a paragraph (from the
 Houston Republican) containing the follow-;
 ing patticulars:—“ It appears that Mr. llig-.
 gapon attempted incorrect a negro man in his
 employ, who resisted, drew a knife, and stab
 bed him (Mr. H.) tn several places. A Mr.
 J. C. Hobbs, a Tennessean, ran to his assist-i
 ance. Mr. Hobbs stooped to pick up a stick
 to strike the negro, and while in that position j
 the negro rushed upon him, and with a dirk'
 inflicted a wound in his left hteast, which
 caused his immediate death. The negro then i
 fled to the woods, but was pursued with dogs;
 and soon oveitaken. He had stopped in a*
 swamp to fight the dogs, when the party who,
 weie pursuing came up, ami commanded him
 to give up, which he refused to do; he then 1
 made several efforts to stab them. Mr. Rob
 ertson, one of the party, gave him several
 blows on the head with a rifle gun, but this,
 instead of subduing, only increased his re-,
 venge. Mr. R. then discharged his gun at
 the negro, and missing him, the hall struck a
 Mr. Hoon in the face, and felled him to the,
 ground. The negro seeing Mr. Hoon pros
 trated, attempted to rush upon him and stab
 him, but was prevented by the timely inter
 ference of some of the party. He was then
 shot three times with a revolving pistol, and
 once with a rifle, and after having his throat
 cut, he still kept the knife firmly grasped in
 his hand, and tried to cut their legs as they
 approached to put an end to his life.” j
 Here we have one man attempting to mal
 treat another; w hen he resists, in self-defence,
 we see him rushed upon in coward numbers.
 One makes an attempt upon his life with a
 club he thwarts hirn by rendering him harm
 less. He is next pursued by bloodhounds,
 quadruped and biped his body is perforated i
 with balls, las throat is cut, and yot, with the
 noble spirit of a wronged freeman, be strikes
 it tbe base vipers around him, and will only
 field his right with his life, even to coward 1
 lumbers.
 Had some American or Texan marauder
 fought so unyieldingly, in the violation ofi
 Mexican rights, he would be held up as a mod
 el for the imitation of American youths, and
 perhaps would receive the highest gift of
 their fathers—the Presidency. And yet this
 noble man, though he fell a martyr to liberty
 in the country which stands as a monument to
 Washington, and Jefferson, and Patrick Hen-,
 rv, and their compatriots, ts heralded around
 as a shocking murderer—a desperado. Well
 might Lowell exclaim, whilst looking at the'
 monument erected to the martyrs of Freedom
 who fell at Bunker Hill, and contemplating j
 the treatment that is meted out to her would
 he worshippers at the South—
 Shame on ilii- costly mockery
 Of piling stone on alone,
 To those who won our liliertv—
 The lieroes dead and gone;
 W lide we stand coldly by and see
 Law-shielded rulliana slay
 The men that fain would win thsir own—
 The h'-rocs of to-dav.
 J. C. H.
 Brooklyn, May Gth, 1649.
 London, April 25, 1649.
 Mv Dlak Friend:—Blaise Pascal,
 hi one of his provincial Ictteis, says as an
 apology for a long letter, that he had not
 lime to write a shoit one.” So if you find
 this too long and too meagre, assure yourself
 that want ol time was the cause.
 And now, before 1 become garrulous upon*
 other matters, let me hold up Thomas Clark- i
 son as a beacon to you, who, by a curves-!
 pondence with 400 persons, writing hooks.,
 traveling thousands of miles, and keeping lusj
 mind bent on one subject, shattered to pieces
 hts netvous system.
 •What an anomaly is a Yankee! Wur-!
 shipping at the shrine of woman, yet remain-j
 mg unsusceptible of her refining influences. I
 The lips that hymn her praises are defiled with’
 the rank juice f the slave-tilled plant of Vir-,
 ginia, and its smoke ascends with the incense
 of her votaiy’s adulation.
 Hut you will gently rebuke me liir willing!
 about America lo those who, being there, are 1
 more desirous of hearing about England.!
 Well—trade remains stagnant, giving ihc!
 Protectionists an occasion io charge the de-'
 pression to the account of tree trade; ami!
 meetings of the landholder, and tenant far
 mers, are being held »n all pails oi the coun
 try, in which gatherings Mr. Cobden is de-|
 nounced as a mischievous demagogue.
 The Navigation Law* Abrogation Bill is
 also fiercely opposed, and a tuple alitancc is
 forming between agriculture, h },j,, ovrilCW
 and merchants tor the overthrow oi the bill
 and ite authors. And ihe general opinion is;
 that the House of Lord* will reject this bill,,
 and also that for the Ireland “rate in aid.”'
 If ihi* happen* it is thought the ministry will
 retire. Hut the Navigation Law. bill has
 i passed the Commons. It is certainly unlucky
 I for tbe adv &lt;cates of free trade that tbe inert
 ness of coromeice should be coincident with
 the abolition of tbe Corn Law*, for it ha* the
 semblance of being a verification of the pre-,
 j dictions of the Protectionists.
 The imagination can hardly picture what'
 Ireland's condition would now be, if the New
 England*!*, when invited by Cromwell toi
emigrate In that cuußiliC featl mrt proposed
 stipulations which »t wa* impracticable for 1
 him to giant and unreasonable lot them to de
 mand. j,
 Had the Protect or’• tuni* been accepted, i
 apring might now liebnld the bug* of Ireland I
 adorned by orchard Uh»**vM*w; the luuunet,
 her pasture* teeming wilh flocks and herd*; j
 the autumn, her fertile soil exuberant with t
 yellow crops and winlcr, nuug New England 1
 cottages, instead of disgusting mud cabins. lj
 (Europe, since November, 1818, naa been a
 political Kaleidesrope, changing ita aspect I
 daily.
 The battle of Novaira having thrown Pied-j
 niout at the ieet of Austria, Charles Albeit
 preferred abdication and exile to the wearing
 of a crown by the sufferance of a Hapaburg. 1
 These events, so disastrous to the lode pen-,
 dene** of Italy, have caused a reactionary 1
 revolution in Tuscany, and the movement of 1
 French, Austrian and Neapolitan troops into j!
 the Roman territories, with ihe object of re- 1
 storing the Pope, and the overthrow of the
 Roman Republic. W hat a charm in this
 name! It exhtlerates. whilst that ot Pope-'|
 dom benumbs.
 The first calls up from the sculptured ruins
 around, the lConsuls, the .Senate,” thej'
 Ttibuncs of the People.’’ and the shades of;,
 Cato and Cioero. But the lasi parade*before j
 us a meretricious array ol Priests following a I
 huge wooden cross, ami the canopy snimoimt
 ed pix, the symbol* of superstition and mum-!
 mery. 1
 In turning one's eye* to beautiful Sicily, the
 heart turns sick. The Modern Attila,**!
 I
 FiLANoitiu, delivering over Catania to pillage, l j
 massacre and female violation! Worthy
 agent of the Neapolitan Caligula.
 The fall of Messina. Catarua and Syracuse
 I fear are the precursors of that of Palermo.
 Patriotic Sicilians! ye deserve a better fate j
 But the achievements of the brave Hunga
 rians in the Northeast, revive one’s fainting
 hope. Tin; Austrians, Croats and Cossacks
 have bee.i driven across the Danulie, and even
 Vienna is menaced.
 The discomfiture of Denmark by the com
 bined Germans must cause even the obstinacy j
 of the Dane to waver. Their maritime mea- 1
 sures are mischievous to commerce. Block-:
 ade is a eowardly mode of warfare.
 The failure of mediation between Denmark
 and Geunany, Naples and Sicily, ami Pied-'
 raont and Ausltia, is a sad discouragement to j
 the advocates of arbitration.
 From the booming of cannon, the explosion
 of bomb-shells, the clashing of swords, tite
 volleys of musketry, and the shrieks and I
 groans of the wounded abroad, it is reviving j
 to turn to the anniversary gatherings at home,
 which are now giving a salutary animation to j
 this illimitable metropolis.
 Here the peace lovers, the temperance ur
 gers, the mere} dispensers, the animal protec
 tors, the slavery hatets, the education promo
 ters, and the gospel promulgators, assemble
 to stimulate each other toellott and to encour
 age by repotts of past success.
 Abroad, tyranny is warring against free
 dom, and bigotry against light.
 At home, instruction is fighting against ig
 norance, moral goodnpss against vice, benefi
 cence against penury, and truth against un
 belt -f.
 The atmosphere and ."dries'w+rfcTi naverpstd
 no respect to spring, show no kindliness to
 the opening meetings and if atmospheric in
 fluences operate, their ardor will Ire damped
 and their hope chilled.
 With best wishes to yourselves and best re
 spects to Mr. Douglass, I am, faithfully
 yours. E. B.
 The English at Paris.
 The soiree given to the visiters by the
 Prefect of the Seine, on the night of tite 11th
 inst. at the Hotel de Ville, passed off remark
 ably well. The cards of invitation mentioned
 8 1-2 o’clock. A few minutes after that
 time the company began 10 assemble. As
 soon as the English appeared in any numiier,
 the b3tnl of the second leg;on of the National
 Guaids struck up “God save the Queen,”
 and, what ha* never yet occurred in France,
 the national anthem was followed by “Rule
 Britannia.” The “Marsellaisc” followed
 “Rule Britannia.” At 9 1-2 o’clock the
 Marquis ol Nunnanby arrived, lfis lordship
 was received bv the Prefect, with whom, and j
 M. Odilon Barrnt, he remained in conversation j
 for half au hour. and. having walked with
 them through the long suite of rooms, lie
 withdrew. The refreshments were most
 abundant, and of the very best possible quali
 ty, and, for the convenience of strangers, a
 number of English waiters were employed.
 Several sets of card tables where laid out for
 whist, and were fully occupied.’ A second
 military band was placed in the ball-room,
 and perfoimed selections from the most popu
 lar operas. The magnificent apartments of
 the hotel wete so ventilated, that not the
 slightest inconvenience was felt from tite
 heat.—The Prelect did the honors with dis
 tinguished tact. He left nothing undone to
 gratify hi* visiteib, who expressed their regret
 that the City of l/indon did not possess any
 building capable of receiving their French
 friends. Duriag the night the greatest cot
 diality and the most earnest ami etiven
 enthusiastic feeling were evident on the part
 of the French to their visitets; and when
 language failed to express their feelings (as
 but few French spoke F.nghsh, and still fewer
 English French,) expressive signs and mo
 tions conveyed .what they mutually felt. The
 English expressed their ladings in their own
 way, and toward the end of the mlertainineut
 gave three hearty cheers for tne Prelect
 which made the roof ring again. There were
 about 2,000 persons present. The English
 were of course in a minority. •Some of the
 most distinguished military men m Paris, as
 also civilians, wore present, and nearly the
 whole ilat rnajirr ol the National ti'ianl As
 a delicate compliment to the uonulitary ap
 pearance of the strangers, very many of the
 National Guards appeared in plain clothes.
 A select uumber of tin: English visitsra
 were invited to a dinner in the Salle N alea
 line, in the Rue St. Honore, by the National
 Guard. The banquet took place on the 12th
 inst.
 On the 13th inst., the party of English
 visiters quilted Paris, and returned iu England
 by way ol lioiognc, where they were enter
 tained .it a grand ball.
 Cat'sr and Cm or the Potato Hot.
 Aaevcy suggestion likely to be of service, on
 a subject of so touch import am*. a wot thy
 of atlei.Uou. we insert from tbc Mums Jtny
 i man the following
 “One of our farmers, a few days since,
 while in conversation on that subject, said he
 planted hi* potatoes eailier this season than
 usual, and ibat he dug and pui in his cellar
 i some thirty ot forty bushel* before ihe rain
 came on. These arc still perfectly sound,
 while those which remained in the ground
 during the recent heavy rain* are utterly
 worthless. To the autumn laws many per
 j sons lave attributed the rot, aad consequently
 they put their ctops to »ery early, to enable
 them to arrive at maturity before the heavy
 ram commenced. The*xpctune«n mention
 ed below may be considered ot some eonae
 -1 queuce. as we bare see# it sufficiently tried.
A lady from Mrsscmppi spent tha putmaoi
 with her friends is oar uwu. The aJI-aagrue
 »«nc f übjtrt of the potato rat eras on lha
 »ap«, when the observed, that in that region
 UttHjr of the planter* had been experiment
 utf on that vegetable, aad the beat result waa
 from transplanting the slips mto rows, similar
 to the method nf rsluraimg the Carnlisa
 potato. Her fnenda tned »u eipertmem, *uti
 finer potatoes we have out aetai or eaten ut
 tnxajr years. The potato is planted early is
 a l.&lt;H bed. and the dips, when about 3 iaehes
 m leosrth, aie taken off ami transplanted rorar
 hor 10 inches distant. The original will
 continue to send forth shoots fora long
 time.”
Improvement of the Kmc.
 On Sunday next two sermon* will be
 preached, with the approval of the Lord Birin
 op of Chroter, in the morning’ at St. Silas's,
 and m the evening at St. Lake's, by the Rev.
 Alexander Crummell, an African clergyman
 of the Protestant Episcopal Chorch in the
 Ended States of America, for an object which
 cannot but be interesting to every religions
 mind and every lover of the human tace.
 The reverend gentleman himself, of whose
 talent, unobtrusive worth, and piety, we have
 previonslv had occasion to speak, has been for
 rotno time ministering amongst his unfortu
 nate African brethren in New \ork. ilia
 congregation has been iu existence for ten
 years; but their want of resources, coupled
 with the discouragement thrown in the way
 of every effort to ameliorate the social condi
 tion of that race by the citizens of the model
 republic, extended even to efforts for the sal
 vation of their souls, have been sad draw
 backs to the rogtess ma le by them in a field
 where so much good is in prospect. They
 have had to worship in hired rooms. Their
 poverty, and the want of support from ex
 trinsic sources, has denied them the outward
 and visible possession of a temple of the
 Lord; and they have more than once been
 compelled to suspend their service, from ina
 bility to pay the rent of a temporary place of
 worship.
 Mr. Crummell has been sent to this country
 to endeavor to interest British Christians in
 the cause of his suffering brethren, the color
 ed people oi New- York, a class numbering
 20,000 persons, yet proscribed in that boasted
 land of liberty of the privilege even of ap
 proaching the throne of grace in the company
 of a white man. It has been proposed to pur
 chase a site in New York for a church, and
 to erect an edifice of the plainest structure,
 capable of holding from 800 to 1,000 persons;
 and to enable his congregation to do this, they
 appeal to the benevolence of the British na
 tion. To promote this object, the sermons
 referred to will lie preached by Mr. Crummell
 on ►Sunday next; and wc trust will not be
 preached in vain. As a nation we have
 shrunk from the great work of bearing the
 blessings of freedTmt to the African but as
 Christians, we are bound to break through the
 hard and selfish doctrines of political econo
 my, and to 3id in the work of bringing the
 unhappy African race to the know ledge of the
 ►Savior who died for us all—for black as well
 as for white.
 \Ve may remark ttiat Mr. Crummell bears
 with him to this country letters and testimo
 nials of undoubted character; and that any
 collections which may result from his labors
 of Sunday next, will be remitted to a com
 mittee of management sitting in London. It
 may ba added that the object which he has in
 view has received the hearty sanction of,
 amongst others, the Bishops of Oxford, Nor
 wich, LWndaflf, &amp;c., the Earl of Harrowby,
 Lord Ashley, Sir Robert H. luglis, &amp;c., and
 we will only add our warmest thanks to those
 of the clergy who have allowed their congre
 gations an opportunity of contributing towards
 such a noble object.
 On Sunday last, Mr. Crummell, after read
 ing prayers at St. Silas’ Church, preached at
 Wallasey Church iu the afternoon, when the
 sum of jt’ll 10s. was collected. In the
 evening he preached at Christ Church, when
 great interest was excited on the subject of
 his mission.— Liverpool Simulant, March IS.
Progress in Ohio.
 Ala meeting of the “Free Democracy”
 of Portage County, 0., the following,
 amongst other resolutions, were adopted.
 They affoid gratifying evidence of the pio
 gress of liberality in that Slate. Ohio is
 advancing gradually towards the goal of
 “No Union with slaveholders.” Read the
 resolutions
 Resolved, That this Convention, compos
 ed of free citizens of the county of Portage,
 laying aside all past political differences, and
 severing all past party attachments, in a com
 mon purpose io preserve freedom upon a soil
 that Heaven has created free, and so preserve
 our statute books from the stain and disgracei
 of Slavery enactments, adopts the great prin-|
 eiple of Equal Rights vyith Equal Laws foi
 all mankind, as the only sound, safe, and en-
 during basis of our State, as well as our Na
 tional policy.
 Resolved, Thatthe constitution of the State
 of Ohio, which limits the elective lranchise
 to ‘all white male inhabitants,’ is inconsistent
 with the lundamental principle which as
 serts, that ‘all men are equally free and in
 dependent.'
 Resolved, That the advancing spirit of the
 age demands, and it is the duty of Congress
 i to separate the national government from the
 1 support of slavery, and from all responsibility
 for its existence, to prohibit slavery in all
 places where it has exclusive jurisdiction, and
 to repeal all its pro-slavery enactments, es
 pecially those which perpetuate slavery in the!
 District of Columbia.
 Resolved. That we will uphold and sustain
 these doctrines by every constitutional means
 I within our reach, that we will watch for every
 i opportunity to strike for freedom, and equalize
 the rights of men until the last slave shall
 have been liberated, and the last slaveholder
 transformed into a consistent citizen of a re-
 I public claiming the Declaration of Indepen
 dence as an exposition of its sentiments.
 Other resolutions were passed, approving
 lof the course of J. R. Uhidings and S. P.
 Chase, and rejoicing over the repeal of the
 i Ohio Black Laws.
Canadians Don't Want to be Annexed, j
 -±Hon. Col. Tacbe, an influential Canadian
 from be loir Quebec, replied to some remarks
 in the Legislative Council, a few days since,
 that “neither he nor the French population
 wished lor Annexation they were proud of
 theit connection with England; and if aver
 events arose to call tor the action of his coun
 trymen in the matter, it would be found that
 the last cannon fired against Annexation
 w ould be fired by the French Canadians of
 Loner Canada. It had been said that the
 present Government were powerless; bat he
 roust say that if they appeared to fold their
 armb und Irok silwiilf ofl
 ca*e for the course they had pursued was
 adapted in order to save the effusion of blood.
 They had made a call on the country, and
 the Government had at their command 16,000
 in one part. 30,000 in another, and so on all
 over L.*wer Canada, both of the French and
 Irish and although these men were ready at
 the call of Government, yet toey had not, oa
 their part, broken a pane of glass, notwith
 standing the acts eoroouiied by the opposite
 partv Some of their friends thought it
 Would he necessary to call for their assistance;
 but the Governor General was opposed to this,
 because they had the British—the gaUsnt
 British— Army tn defend the country, the
 men composing which were always found to
 obey ihc commands of the** «P*»r«w officer*.
 Was the Govern*** then to blameu&gt; keeping
 hack, when the cause of their doing ao wa*
 to avoid bloodshed
la Mkkfietewa, Caw. M*J W*. Mw Et»a-
 ABSTII H. GaBBISOS. Daagfctsr of Gourpt sad
 Abigail Ganisoa,
W fj
 (Commercial.
Inßutu. Hms IT, I*o.
 fk ntdw for the pbt week hi hm end
 Ggiri. The arrivals of Wnm Wheat far it
 p«K&lt;s*4t fats* lew! 1-fK. r Wc?v. *r,\ «re tywnie for
 the whole rwf« *4' Wcttrm ftht-Sk.
 Whet seis f to ftljßß bom wagons Vaj
 little hae MM ia far the fast Meek.
 rare Cewepee FW U selKn* ia tmiil It* it Ri
 87 to $5 extra breads are aeHiof a* a* ssi
 25- Ctnll tr» 4Sr. (fate mater and —II at 2ft to
 We.
 Roahetler Wkaleuk Price* I'emat.
 FLOUR AMD MEAL— Duty Kpeadral
 Ffaar. rbU 4 8705 25
 Cot. *eal. r bash 0 0 50
 PROVISIONS. —Duty; Beef,Park,Hams, Bacon,
 Batter aad Lard,#f c; Cheese 30 p c ad ral
 P,*h,&lt;mess&gt; .11000 It 90
 Do ia bog 0 ft 80
 Beef, rat. 4 00 0 ft 00
 Do. faU. (am) 700 0 800
 Lard (tried) ?fa 0 6J
 Do. (leaf.) 0.. 0
 Hhm, (smoked) 0.. 3
 Shoulders, «fc». 5 0.. 5)
 Turkey** fa
 Chickens §4
 Potatoes, bash 50 0 62$
 GRAIN —Daty; 20 e ad ral
 Wheat, hud. 1 08
 Cora 0 44
 Rve 0 53
 Oats 0 30
 Barley 50 53
 HIDES —Duty; 5 p c ad ml,
 Slaughter 3)
 Calf 10
 Sheen Pelts ,»40 75
 SEEDS —Daty; Linseed Irtf c; Mustard 20 f
 c ad ral
 Closer .3 75 0500
 Timothy .1550200
 Flax 1 00
 FlSH—Duty oa foreign caught; 20 pcad ml
 Whitehall obi 6 50
 Codfish cut 3 25
 SUNDRIES—
 Salt, p hbl 1 06
 Apples, p but 50
 Do. dried busk. 62i
 Eggs, p dot 0
 Beans, p bash 62
 Hay, p ton 700 11 00
 Hard wood 3 00
 Soft Wood 3
JOB PRINTING.
 The north star office, i* furnished
 with new JJ&gt; Tyy*, for the execution of every
 description of Printing with neatness nnd despatch',
 at the fewest prices for cash, viz:
 Hand-bills, Blanks, Bill-ltea&lt;ls,
 Programmes, Circulars, Bills of Lading,
 Pamphlets, Cards, Labels, Ac.
Narrative of the life of Freder
 ick DOUGLASS, written by himself, to he
 had at this office, price 30 cents.
Autislavery office aad Reading Roora,
 No. 25 Buffalo St. Rochester, opposite the Arcade.
 THIS office has been newly stocked with the
 latest and liest works on slavery and other moral
 questions. Among them are the Young Abolitionist
 —‘PoTertv its illegal causes and legal cure—The
 Power of Kindness—The Branded Hand—History
 of the Mexican war—Theodore Parker’s Ser
 mon on J. Q. Adams—do on the Mexican war—
 do his letters to the People of the United States—
 I'he Church as it is or the Forlorn hope of Slavery
 Despotism in America, nnd Archy Moore.
 I intend to have in connection with office a Cir
 culating Library, as soon as I can get a sufficient
 number of useful and instructive books of a moral
 and scientific character.
 JOHN S. JACOBS.
Asylum for the Sick who hare been con
 fined to their beds from 1 to 20 yearn.
 DR. HAMILTON’S Hydropathic and Anyalytic
 Asylum, No 217 Exchange Street, opposite the
 Orphan Asylum, Rochester, N.Y. This Institution
 is now firmly establislted and in successful opera
 tion. The proprietor analyzes every disease that is
 admitted there, Md applies the natural and appro
 priate remedy. Although water is used in every way
 that is applied in any water-cure establisiiroent t'n
 the United States, yet the proprietor wishes it to he
 expressly understood that it is not retied on as the only
 or principal lemedy in the treatment of disease sub
 mitted to his care.
 This Establishment is designed for that class cl
 invalids who have failed to obtain their health by all
 other systems of practice, and are still unable to
 walk or stand on their feet, and are confiumLfekdAeir
 oeds, wearing out a life of misery and suffering with
 qut any hope of ever being any better.
 The remedies made use of in this Institution not
 only entirely rpmove disease hut give increased
 strength and elasticity to the system. Many have
 been brought here from different parts of the coun
 try, who had neither walked or borne their weight
 on their feet from five to fifteen years; and some
 who have been unable to dress or undress, or even
 to feed tliemselves, and in the course of a few w eeks
 wouk! lie walking with the elasticity ot youth and
 the quickness of a pedestrian, astonished at tliem
 selves, and surprising their friends and all who saw
 them when they first came. The treatment of this
 Institution is particularly calculated to remove tlie
 diseases peculiar to females, such as
 Ist. The felling of the Womb, in ail its stages
 and conditions in patients, from twelve years of age
 up to sixty, and even if they liave !*en confined to
 their beds from one to twenty, unable to stand, walk,
 dress, or undress themselves, or even too feeble to
 bear any noise or speak aloud.
 2d. Weakness and Falling of the Bowels; Pain
 in the Side, Shoulders, Back and Head- Spinal
 Diseases, Liver Complaints, Sinking .Sensation at
 the Stomach, Palpitation ot the Heart, Dyspepsia
 in all its forms and stages, Piles. Uoslivenes*, Di
 arrhoea, Suppression of the Menses, Excessive
 Menstruation, Whites, all Nervous Diseases, Cold
 Feet and tlands, St. Anthony* Dance, 'letters of
 all kinds, Salt Rheum, in its woist forms, Neural
 gia, Tic Douloureux, Rheumatism, C’onaumptiod in
 its first stage*, General Weakness and Debility.
 The proprietor has given hi* whole attention to
 I the above disease* for the l»*l ten years, ami ha*
 treated them in an entirely different way from any
 other private practice or public Institution in tins
 country; and such has been hi* success, and so cer
 tain are hi* remedies in their effects on those die
 j eases, that instead of publishing a long list of cer
 tified cures, lie w ishes to give dial class of invalids
 1 seeking to obtain their health a snffieient guarantee
 I against any false pretension*, exaggeration, impo
 sition or deception, *o tiiat no owe need lie to any
 expense in this Institution w itliout being l&gt;aoefite&lt;i.
 The proprietor will enter into a special contract
 with anv one who wishes to do so, that be will ad
 mit into the Institution, to advance the money ami
 pay *ll the expenses from any part of the I. niied
 Stales here and back home again, before he com
 mences the treatment, and give a bond to board them,
 together with his professional services, for nothing,
 j if he doe* not help them according to contract. Any
 I one thinking the above proposition not a snlficten!
 i guarantee against mferepiesentstions and expeoat
 1 without receiving equal benefit, can let the proprie
 tor know what will be satisfactory, and it shall l»
 duly om sidered.
 Thu liMlitntioo ha* grown up from private prac
 tice by the infineoce of those who have beeu helped
 here, a* notbiug has ever been published brfore;
 and the proprietor means that it shall sustain itsel.
 by its own merits, or pay the expense of those who
 choose to make a exit-act in case ot' failure. The
 design of this Circular is not to make known the
 cures that have been made ia this institution, beeau**
 they must *ooo be believed; hut to let it he more
 extensively known to the poor suffering invalid'
 that have' spent hundreds of dollars ia trying ai
 otl,er systems of practice, aad n about muth or any
 Iwimfit, aad still remain confined to their beds Croa.
 five to twenty years, that than in ne lnsiauUut
 whose treatment is different from any other one ui*
 United Stales, and is particularly adapted to thrii
 situation, and can have it cost them nothing mleu
 they are Materially benefited.
 From the aatare of treatment ia this liuiituuoc
 the w-4-rc of patients must be limited, therefore itt
 proprietor doe* net rolieit the pntroeage of slight aw!
 ordinary cases which nmy he easily helped L-y othn
 systems* of practice j nor does he warn any «oe u
 const, snt-si they wish to get well, and are willing
 in fan made well enough to wait from five to twenti
 mdee at a tune, end follow it «p &lt;fay after day ,u
 succession; and also «thing to be made able to fo
 dure a* much labor and fatigue as most of peoph
 that call themselves weft, as he meaas that everi
 mc that goes through a thorough eonree of ueotmrei
 fa the Analytic InsUtatioa shall show bv their in
 erensnd tuntd, elasticity of motion, firmer** a
 textnre, capability nf ewfarnaCe, aad improve*
 henhti, that fan treatment m this ImeitnUon is found
 ed on the enteral fan* of orgaotaed matter, a ot
 i nmgqurr’j it* mgmrwrty ova every other drf
 ferret t y stein of fvaeoce.
 AH mi iiiairations adder me. I m Dr. THOMAS
 HAMILTON, Racheoer, gem paid, wiß rerrir*
 immediate srtsstmn. If ngmud, refer tore nil
 be made m these who hnae bean helped ia the* Insti
Wilrh »1 Jevrlri SUrt.
 JOH IKIIZIC kmrim Omafl h» pnW’*P
 nhuMi, b»« 11 »iwii k&lt; two
 Nerth t® No- 11. State Anri. «kw ha ia fmrp—rt i
 ufcfti to niinpiw im dr **le of mm &lt;«U.&gt; at*
 «f of &lt;M aa&gt;i SJHev
 Gatlufa. Aidar, lUimttl aol Vninal r w»,
 CJd Oaarl m.t fob Cfem*. Omid Sew* awl Krn.
 C.tW awl «ihf* IW»i-. *rd TlmrM
 W-i kau-Li*;-. Urwttlt*--. I r
 cwoi ax*uctiu«*t, cheap: tvxtj of Usrtie-' and
 (ifnllrw*'i Ikwa-Fw, aevr Male; &lt;1 wMi awl
 wagfc Hm»( (A! awl pbtr I L eheis.tidj Pro*.
 fcol “~Krd C«ir,l lwl t
 Kt.tr Cuikry, It', kf.
 Ha aborr awl a »»n*n «f &gt;4hrr .lesirahlc Inndt
 aiaalW kept ia oar basiarM. at* rfrnti om aort ad
 iimnciiai trrmi thin nil and it a partwabrU
 desired tku the good* should br vasniocJ, awl
 (rim iMt-ftaiori. brfwt pnrrivin dwrluff in
 (hi* auict.
 We manufocuwe awi keep mi hath! a |iwl a»wrt
 ■tool of Sihrev Spgwtt, warranted a* pore Anr
 rina coca-
 Will tlw krrp an jMonior.il «f Anmlmfir and
 othrr Mn«irai Instrument*. which w&lt;H he sold very
 law.
 We intend to keep a good awnniriii of the Wd
 Rnu Eight-day. 3) boor, ami vmpi.n Clock*, a- 1 ran
 be found in this city. Call ami tie them.
 WATCH REPAIRING, fokMhHy dboe awl w *r
 ranted by an experienced rorkiwii.
 Farther particular!* al No. 11 Sta'e Snwt.
 J. KF.DZIK fc Vo.
 P. B.—To the Farmers i i particular wc w*»uW
 give notice, tint *e liare a vnru-ty of Barometeri
 which will give that knowledge oi'the change* of tbr
 weather, to nob' he able to adopt hi* bosineas to it*
 nurtaUoit*. Pk- -se call awl examine theoi, a* eve"
 man ought to ha e one.
 Sep. 15, 1848. mi.
 UR. A. CLARK,
 DENTAL SURGEON.
 I would respeetfullv iafonn thp citisras of Kucue&gt;ter
 awl surrounding c.iuuln liwt i hate reinovi I n y
 office Ironi No. 89 Smith’s Arcade to mv dwelling
 bouse No. 82 Monroe Street.
 1 hankfnl tor past favors in die line my proles
 •ion, and flattering myself that I can give perfect
 satisfaction to all who may fovor tae with their pa-
 I tronage. I would invite all those who are dc
 sirotis of having operations performed on the teeth or
 of having teeth inserted to call on me and satisfy
 themselves.
 A. CLARK.
 N. B. All operations performed by me die
 teeth and Plate Work warranted.
 Rochester, Oct. 13, 1848. if
 Grand Celebralien.—Freedom's
 Annual Jubilee.
 r DHE Anniversary of West India Emiiiicipniiutt,
 A will be celebrated at die city of Bntfaln.,the
 First day of August next. Grand and extensive
 preparal ions are iieiug made to make it one of the
 most brilliant affairs upon record. A -t-neral in
 vitation is given to all Freedom’s Friends through
 out the Stale and ebewlterr.
 C jiiie one! come all!
 GEORGE WEIR, Jr...
 Scc*\ of &lt;’omiiiitlee of Arrangements.
 i Centra) tram! t eiebration.— Free
 dom's Annual Jnbilee.
 IMIF. Anniversary of West India Emancipation
 will be celebrated in the ritv of Auburn, on the
 First day of August next. Extensive preparations
 arc being made to make it oae of tlie in.ist brilliant
 affairs u|x&gt;n record A general invitation is given
 to all Freedom’* Friends throughout the State and
 elsewhere. Come old and young! come one, come
 all. J. W. UVINCV,
 See. of Com. of Arrangements.
 May 11, 1549.
 TiUVIiSITRINKS!
 I’HK fir.-t qualify of article is to be had at I.AING
 BONNiELI-’S new Establishment, No. 59,
 State Street, Rochester. Also a general as.-ori
 meni of \’a!iaes. Travelling lings, &amp;r., which are
 offered at tlie very lowest prices for Cash.
 Carriage Trimming executed in the latest style
 and with dirpatcli, In J. T. I-iing, at hi* old sttiml
 in State Street, opposite the Mansion House.
 .1. T. L. liavir.g had extensive experience in tire
 Eastern markets, hopes to give satisfaction to a
 generous public who shall favor him with tin ir
 tronage.
 Rochester, July 14, 1348. Sin
 AUBURN and ROUfIESTPr?
 lUIL.ROVb
 /MHANGE IN' TIME.—The trains will commence
 \J to leave Rochester to-day nt the following time
 Eastward—at 12| A. ss.,Tl a. M., ami 74 T. M.
 Westward—at 24 a. m., 44 a. u., lud p. .w.
 Rocliestcr, 5, 18-IS.
 The Old i urosily Shop,
 *AI No 48 Ktrhonge Street Rochcttrr.
 LLOYD SCOTT, grateful fur tlie patronage
 awarded him, would respectfully inform his
 Iriend* am! the public generally, tlwt im has recently
 enlarged his establishment and augmented his stock
 of Men’s, Women’s, and Children’s. New and
 Second hand ap|iare. i a I iitio.i ilii.r depvrt
 ment he will buy ami isell House and Store Furni
 ture, Books, Jewelry, Fancy arti'-le*. Mechanical
 and agrict:ltu;‘al implements, and indeed nil those
 various (nids and enda” of which may not be
 readily obtained at other places, h is hi* intention
 to, keep 'I !h Old Curosity Shop” well furnished
 with an endless variety of articles for which lie will
 pay literaly and dispose of al sal is factory price*.
 Clothing repaired ami renovated with neatness
 and despatch.
 Doot forget “The Old Cnrosity 8!»op.
 Rochester March 1849.
 MRS. PETTIT would respectfully inform her
 Friends and ti»e Public, that die has removed
 from 150 to a commodious house No. 16 2, Church
 Street, where she will continue to entcrt i'n rrspei t
 able colored persons with Board and Lodging
 New York, May 11, 1849.
 ‘•Every Alan bis own Physician,*’
 THE HOME IKK TOR.
 JUST PUBLISHED, a new and valuable i*&gt;&lt;,k
 for every tainily in the cotniiry, and one that iua\
 be consulted with perfect safety. A* its title page
 indicate*, it is “TilU HOME [ItHTOfI or Family
 Manual, giving the causes, syiuptoin.* and neatnieut
 of Diseases; with an account of rhe system while tit
 health, nn d rules fir wr&lt; serving tint state. Ajipr-n
 -ded to which are recipes tor makiag varems medi
 cioes and ai tides for diet for lis* *i&lt; k rwsu. Tlie
 wiiuh wrinee for general use ruiti daily pnetke, by
 John B. Newman, M. lb”
 Also, acconipamiiig this look, or *epanur, i*
 I “THE HERB IIfH)K. a hook devoted exclnsivelv
 to Herbs, giving their names, varieties,deecriptimt,
 medical piopertiea and dowe, use, timt; ot gaiiiering,
 ami many oilier direethius very useful for every fam
 ily to know, ami written expressly for family i»*e.’*
 Tlie Herb Book t* del old! solely to Ifymtar M”l
 -eal and wiii fomish on that point all tin:
 desired information wanted f&gt;r general o.*e.”
 1 lie two liook* are fait up arsl tssiiul together ami
 contain 2W pages, prnx; 2-&gt; rents,ur soft sepaiaU;
 at 12| cent*.
 The ■yniptonu r.f sac'. x e raaefshy given,
 io taat one may be recognized from another, to pre
 vent practising in the dark also the treatment, a
 sketch of general physiology, and rules for k&lt; «piag
 in health, together w ith olsM*rvatioes 0:1 tl&gt;eircanse*,
 means of avoiding dr Uterine* intiuebee-, amt sur-ii
 other remarks as are dee men apfwupviate, f.-r l»,ta
 mnlr (rtm- lt.
 I The G.iA Itrs lieeu written with «re»t care, in a
 plain, simple, common-sense style easily to tie un
 derstood try every person; and inr a pracisc.il pays»-
 cam ami a thorough botamst. \Ve c.-ii recommend
 it with etrtire c«hi fidenee, a* beiitg a wotk superior
 in all respect* to any other ImtA of the kind ever
 putt,, lied at the price.
 Families in the romitry, spec Lilly thir'e iiv
 iug in new comrtrh-* atul mdrenhlty elim'iles, h.uU
 foil Ur procure a copy and have it at all bars at
 hand, ia cam of aseknr** a* they tuigut ihe.dry \jj
 t me timp* reuae&gt;!v save an tip* a-i*e jsd protrac
 led doctors bill. \Vaether weN or »iek. r-jrh a b*&lt;ok
 should he ia every hua e u a sale mm: -ore re!* wrr
 m tuaaof need, the direct .on given for pets .us ia
 1 Ittahh eauaot be U»j -.:rirtly art nded to by all.
 The t rier at which the book t$ sotd hi to fow timt
 every fomtly o*y have a copy, .tad uoue ahouid U
 withoat it.
 The ho.A U tip IM FdJ/fT bi RSli C*iH
 easily he sent by arail. Postage oal&gt; lii rstU to am
 part of the Famed .States.
 jj* Any person sending us umt 4UU; fo mad, and
 amt paying postage 00 the letie; sfodl Uo- four
 e»pie* seat hua ofpomtmf*.
 Bead ia wsa ureters*, there a urn n«k ut walua
 uy ot) by mail, ii comes to us daily, and the hack,
 atwsys reach their destination.
 I ?tp Foar Inmlies mu rW&gt; togeoher amt send a
 j do for Idd, and haea four books ■eat t i afotw.
 WANTED—Agents in HUH of the Stales to sell
 this work, ahmott every foiaihr wifi poirhase it if
 earned to their Am*. A snail capital f lr Al
 to $B» wtk he aartsMtoy for aadi agent. Atkkt—,
 kmtrmd, GEO. W. FISTIER,
 April 1,1849. 6Exchaage-*t,Rociaurr, N. Y
 IOSt H t Nanh .Star House, N*. 28,
 Markfit a&gt;! Arch aUndfei, Phihtlclpkis
 Ae w*y wSi fi*J Ike North
 I Bvar Uuaaa the most tseml, rnarrrais m aad eaaa
 ifcvttbfcHemaiaPhihfoefot^
 PKfodalpkta t Dae. 1, tot*
BOSTG* IDVKRTISKJIKITg.
 HOIK fO* RErORIKRK.
 TlfK *mh*mbrf la» w i&gt; dl m«i,
 ■inn. am l cmtr*lhonniin*-koane. !W 2| Omit
 Cowl, nkrir kr will hr wort kapfn m welrwwr wi
 nf tkr i rteml* of R rform. ml rrarnaafah t kntjra.—
 Hr wwhrr kt* Imw to hr ike central place m Baa,
 k«, tW T rwjrfwre r rare. Pwiti
 i’n, /f«i, tier I'riAmt. »rrt Ml* tk» r,»—
 ro/&lt;»y a roi*r£nctat&gt;lr ui*l quiet S*«nr.
 I ntnl Cawri opri*. at S3* \V—kiMP**" lrr
 JOHN M. *PF.*»£
 80-* Km- SI. IS**-
 r riH&gt;MAS P. SMITII. N® Branlr Streri.
 A »*S» at tk&gt; ix.kka Hall, \r*t *n&gt;l SWoWI
 o4k».*x Btnre.
 The Ma*sarku*tsh Quarter]) R«i if*.
 ll •HMUNCJI l* ,4, urM «4 iMtiMer, IMu
 to U coMia r.i ua t j*. 4 Moick, W, an*
 it nil! U- .ievotr.l to the iflt*rf»&lt;
 »4 r»o |w»rty m ik&lt;», Im it* lewWtoi« wifl r nr*m
 *r&lt;*r to prem-m 3it oprn ami t* '«l I nr u— «&gt;imv
 ami UitctiMM* .4 matter* p. u 4 i«u. &lt;i„ t*h:k&gt;'opki
 I ollUe*, liMi Ril'jl l, am! llu.Mf i\
 T.V R'-tici*- ~i!l hr 1 ti*rte«i hy 11. h..wri
 a&gt;A, Hmmilau l*;»rkrr. ami J. .it tot (tNa,
 Iw *rv«nl oitir-r title ilk !1.
 t** l 'h 'Hi.alter will omtaiu u!*&gt;til 12a |Mfe*, ai like
 prny of j*S a mr, it, advance.
 t oiummiN-aitoo.-. M&lt;i*»criptKin-, &amp;.C sl*«U U
 *duie*.«e&lt;l to tie
 &lt;ool.ll*.K lI.KV.
 IS. Water Jttrtti,
 KOBLKI MORRIS, in.. Attorney *.,J
 srtlor at law. Rearer’* HttiUi'tv. SUfr Street
 Bo*ton.
 JOHN L». KKVAI.LON, IU« Cnttiu*
 autl Perfumery Kmi'oriuin, 114. RU&lt;-k&gt;l at
!\EH TORK ADVKKTiNfcJIEYTS.
 A. POTTER'S Readv Made Ulothiug
 a More. Canal Sum, hrtween Church Street
 .ilk West inav, Xnv YoiW. \!#o—A
 eta l .bsnirluk'ftl fGentlcc.ien** Fiiriii&gt;hirj AittHes,
 rmaUntlv on hand.
 May lfc. 1849
 JTST PUBLISH Ell, and I xa!e at die office of
 of the Anti Si.i\rr\ Standard
 Tli*' of i.ilnh, ;iwl Kufff ul Truth. IlMi
 edition.
 riui wotk coul.tiu# at&gt;4i 2dU of do e
 (vadm* 300 mi. lit aiillhuitie*. H!)1 about si*ty
 iMiwtratrve etyfravii*;*’*. Pi ice 2fl} etc. in niiic.hu.
 ami 2acenix in p.qier .'over.*. A v*iy liUral di*
 count u&gt; i'.nu&gt;e who pur* ui'f tiumlk-t ii&gt; p***:
 Hu* Condition, li'hnmi Rights, and Afprtl of
 \Y miv n,iioni vaiimo natfons, i2g cent-*.
 I amici 10 the People of lie* United Slate.*, ioUciiiii|
 the Matter of Slavery. By Theodore Parker
 pp. 120. Price 1S j cents.
 W in. VV. Brown's lartun* before (he Female A S.
 Society of Salem, M.us. Repotted l*y 11. M
 I’arkhorst, lk&gt;»tou—pp. *22. Price .Icent^.
 t’oloml Sailors' Hour*.
 330, Pear! St reel, Aar York.
 FM!IH\DS of the slave, ami sirangns ofl a visil
 to \ew York, can now be accommodated with
 a* i&gt;.md Ruttrd,ami at as lowa price as in any oilier
 house in (lie city. Tito house is large and con
 venient; will hold comfortably seventy persons.
 Families can have private rooms, anil every aitea
 tiua paiil to their romfoit. \VM. I‘. POIV ELL.
 May 11, 1840.
 DR. J. M'CDNE SMITH, 93. West Broad
 way.
 r T JLY.MNGS, Surgeon-Dentist, 183, North
 J Broadway.
 TOSEPH r. HOLLA Boot awl Shoe Maker,
 .No. 97, Craula-ry Street, Brooklyn.
 \.H. K pairing neatly executed at the khorte*i
 notice aud on the mod reasonable term-.
 PHILIP A. WHITE, Druggist, corner of Frnuk
 fort and Gold Street.
 GENTEEL HOARDING HOl/SF.
 /TIIARLE.3 11IGHGATE, would respectfully in
 vv fortr his friends and the public, that hr continues
 to devote every attention to those pleased to favor
 hi j home” with a rail. Tlic home in pleasantly
 located at 632 Broadway, Albany.
 Feb. 19, 1848.
 WILLIAM RICH, Hair Dieting and Bathing
 Saloon. Troy House, Troy New York.
 NEW PUBLICATIONS.
 AXAILL BF. READY IN A FEW DAYS
 D Wiu«r’s Appeal, with a brief sketch,,
 his life by Unity (Janut.
 Also, GaKNKT’s jlddresn et Ihr Slcnes of thf fori j
 ltd Mate*. This address was rejected by the Na
 tional Convention at Buffalo in 1843. The edition
 is small, and those who desire copies will do well to
 send in their orders early.
 JL3T PUBLISHED, a Lecture entitled The
 P»st a si* pHF.sr.vr Conditio* or thf Cot. ok
 r t* Race, bv //oiry Ifmhinnrt (iamrt
 Pnbii-lie.l at Troy, N. Y. Orders attended to
 April 28, Bm.
 GfiDT.i! SatPllicrence Ofiire,
 (&lt;F.O. W. GOI.N ES having opened an E*tnhli«ii-
 X meat at the Phii.adfi.phia ImiTCU,
 Lombard Street, iibove Seventh, for the purpose ol
 procming lione.-t and faithful domestics for tho-e
 who may require I Item, and obtaining places for
 such us are qualified and in want thereof, Is-g* leave
 to reter to the following named gentlemen, wlio have
 kindly permitted the nse of their names a«
 l; FTFRE.NCES:
 Auorew M’Makin Editor of the American Courier
 Robert Morris, Editor of the Inquirer
 Jnsper Harding, Publisher of the Inquirer
 liarles J. I'eliixin, Editor of Neal's Gazette
 Tho*. B. I lorencc, Unitor of 'l imes and Kt »-t..ne
 Kobeii Howell, Hu, t. Iw -oot Street
 lliiliatn J. Mullen. 278, Cntlieiine Stitcl.
 Philadelphia, Sept. 1, 1948. j,
 DR. D. J. pm K, Physician ami Surgeon, Pf».
 ladelphi.i Insliliite, Loud* r-1 Street, alsi»e
 Seventh. lv—3W
 FRKP. I*ROI)i;cE .STORM.
 NLW GOODS ju»t revived. G*-nen*l reiluctiou
 in price*.
 Fine 4-4 Prints, various styles.
 Nea- styk-.s ol Prints ol medium quality,tnual width.
 Fine and w i.le I’afier Muslins. Akn Cofored
 Cambric-.
 Curtain Calico. Superior line Cbimz Umbrellas
 Oil Cloth*.
 Satinet*, gm,.| aiul eiu-ap. AUo oa haml, to.,at I .&lt;t
 rediwed prices, Gingtuuns, «vma qualities a I
 styles.
 I-ne ami heavy Shirting, Sheetings, and Pillow
 Marline.
 Striped Catnbiica. Fine 6-4 Plaid Muslin.
 Mnvbn de Laine, pLim am I neatly tigured, all wool
 Liuena, warranted free from follow.
 I 4—l t[i.oi and puce low. (.'tiiilisi daoiu-U
 white and color,-tj.
 Table Diaper ami Hot jut, of dideienl style*.
 Apron and Furniture Check Cotton H oHikerrhieG
 Co*l»fi Twilled I'nntnlooti Stuff.. Also Linen
 Drilling, Ate.
 I**»g ami ludf Hose, line and but.
 knitting C.dton, vaiiotts Nos., ble'wLt-J. Iwown -.n.t
 rolotcd.
 V. addin", white and colored Cotton Laps. Abo,
 Kctnied lx ,t, Crushed, amt Pulverized Sugar.
 Bfowu Sugar, go«*i qiasbty, of variofm grades.
 The whole &gt;to k exclusively Free LaGn* Goods
 to which the Sulawrtbrr would invite tiie attenlioM
 of emmery merrluots, a* well as hi# ftiemk and the
 pul i«c grm-ratlv.
 Mmh panic is taken \&gt;y the Managers of the n
 Pr«jdnre Associatioa, to assist Ike Snlmcrils-r to e
 kirx* tk BxwrUucm (rout tint# ui t %m*.
 GEORGE TAYIX&gt;ft.
 w rt T Fifth and Chem -st,
 Plnlai* Ipbrn 2&gt;\ mo. !*t t DM ft.
 Yrtt Lab«r
 A i XL RED l*y tlte AnWK-au Free Pro-
 Association, and \&lt;a »ale at No. 31,North
 t if h-Mreu, Philadelphia
 Minthe«er (Uk., Apron am! fur
 njtare; Canton I tansu-l, tiaiileached; Mod*.,,
 hwahmi and mibleucbcd, of vartuos qjunl.tses ami
 S t* liuing*, trows tml fokaed.
 Lit I Eve Towels; Mark ami white Waddieg
 Cotmw Laps; Midi; Bed Twkmg. n
 calknt nrte lr Calico, StorLing*. kat««i«g Coll**,
 hr. Si*
 fhdtn for Goode, or teller &lt;V'ir!»f iei
 mwv he nciire*«ed to J. Milker hellin.Sl. kwtk
 Fdticmt r-rt. OmidL. M*iWr. T*A*W«;
 James Mott, No. 3.*, fliurcti Allry.
 A large ami kuskuar imstamt of Prnrfc now
 ns hand
 .liii-JiUTery 9mct
 Xv. 3i, tV t/i
 i PULL as*wtm«rf u ami-Msjery pohitcsUofa
 A i. kept ronstantJy on hand. AUo UamtaMW
 %,+it of mtseelbm-uac j.Afcrateau. ami strlu
 •ad Fenrv Htatioorrj.
 Ail burrs islnljng to ihs laruaom of tkn sim
 |m U TTj. Hdbr McKam, *L Nsnh
 Vstrwet, Phdnde%hm Fift
