ftottttt.
 For the North Star.
 BAY BREAK
 Brother Briton*, oyer, trio!
 IVor the veil from slumbering eye*.
 Irt! the sen in in the shies—
 Morning breoki!
 Sluggards! will ve deep for evert
 Ileum nr* fleeting—now or w
 Earth awake*!
 Tiioagh the mi*t the vaMey SB*,
 Cold and cheerless.
 Freedom** *tar is on the hill*.
 Bold and fearless;
 Daylight shall come down ere long.
 Bright and glowing, dear and strong
 Faith he firm, and Hope horn high*
 Fair not, Ixjre. for Liberty'
 Virtim* of unholy power!
 Trr raiding sheep whom wolves devour’
 Dure ye otand and tamely cower
 To human lies!
 Man' ye are God's children all;
 Ta Him alone ye stand or foil—
 Thr only wine!
 lYbo man to hear the rale
 O’er hi* l&lt;rother?
 Or hade him, vain presumptuous ford.
 Curse another
 Equal in the sight of Ood,
 All who tread earth’s common sod;
 Pr test and pauper, prince and slave,
 Share ye not one common grave?
 foe in life and one in death,
 t foe common light, one common bream,
 Sheep of ooe Shepherd—for tbu* faith
 The Lord your God!
 Ills gifu arc free for all to share,
 Whom the Lord loreth, he shall hear
 Hi* chastening rod.
 Oft tne poor mau’a struggling
 I-one and weary,
 liOnging for hi* mortal rest,
 Life’s so dreary
 Yet hath more of heaven’s own fire,
 Burning brighter, soaring higher
 Tlian the mitred priest whose hand
 Sited* granc upon yon kneeling Imnd'
 Oh for the faith that Jesus taught!
 Tlic freedom that his sorrows bought!
 Freedom of soul, unlettered thought
 From human sway!
 All lost?—all wasted? —buried?—No!
 What though the night I tang dark and low.
 Come ou, bright day!
 Millions watch tiiy morning star
 Rise victorious,
 Mail the light that streams afar
 Ever glorious;
 And in faith no fear shall move,
 Wait for thee with hope and love:
 Faith be firm! and Hope burn high!
 Fear uol Love, for Liberty!
 F. T. MOTT.
 Lt iccstcr, (Eng.) April, 1849.
 VOICE OF THE GRASS.
 Here I come creeping, creeping everywhere,
 By the dusty road-side,
 On tlie sunny hill-sldr,
 Close by the noisy brook.
 In every shady nook,
 I come creeping, creeping every where.
 Hose i come creeping, smiling everywliere,
 All around the open door.
 Where sit the aged poor,
 Here wliere the children play,
 In the bright and merry May,
 I ncme creepiog, creeping everywhere.
 I tore I eonve creeping, creeping everywhere,
 In the noisy city street
 My pleasant face you’ll meet,
 Cheering the sick at lieart.
 Toiling his busy part,
 Sileigly creeping, creeping everywhere.
 Hera I come creeping, creeping everywhere—
 You cannot see me coming,
 Nor hear my low, sweet humming;
 For in the starry night,
 And the glad morning light,
 I owue quietly creeping everywhere.
 Hum- I mnie creeping, rrrepiag everywhere,
 More welcome than the flowersj
 In summer's pleasant hours;
 l‘hc gentle cow is glad,
 And the merry bird net sad,
 To me creeping, creeping everywhere.
 Ilwc I coim- creeping, creeping everywhere,
 When you’re numbered with the dead,
 In your still and narrow bed,
 In the happy spring I’ll come,
 And deck your silent home,
 t tveping, silently creeping everywlierc.
 Hue I come creeping, creeping every where.
 My humble song of praise
 Most gratefully I raise
 To Him at whose command
 I beau ify die land,
 4'iveping, silently creeping everywhere.
 THE FUTURE.
 Tears are coining—speed they onward!
 When the sword shall gather rust,
 Aim! the lieluiet, lance, and falchion,
 Sleep in silent dust.
 Earth has Iteard too long of battle,
 Heard die if umfiet’s voice too long;
 But another age advances,
 Seers foretold in song.
 In the past age of iron,
 Tliosc who slaughtering met their kind,
 Have too often worn the chaplet
 Honor’s hand tuts twined.
 But the heroes of die future
 Shall be men whose hearts are strong;
 Men whose words and acts shall only
 War against die wrong.
 But die sal&gt;re, in their contests,
 Shall no part, no honor own,
 War’s dread art shall be forgotten,
 Carnage all unknown.
 Tears are coming, when forever
 War’s dread hanner shall be furled.
 And the angel Peace, be welcomed
 Regent of the world!
 Hail with song that glorious era,
 When the sword shall gather rust,
 And the helmet, lance, and falchion
 Sleep in silrnt dust!
 CHEER UP.
 Never so gloomily, man with a mind;
 H&gt;feii( better companion than fear;
 Providence ever benignant and kind,
 Gives with a smile what you take with a tear;
 AU w ill be right—
 Look to the light;
 Morning is eeer the daughter of night,
 All that was black will be all that is bright;
 Cheerily, chrcrily, then cheer up.
 M eiy a fee is a friend iu disguise
 .M uiv a sorrow a blessing most true,
 JMping the beait to be happy and wise,
 M Hu ferr ever precious and joys ever nrw;
 Stand in the van;
 Suive like a man;
 Tliir is ibe bravest and cleverest plan;
 Tretting in &lt;iod, while you do whet you can:
 cheerily, then cheer n&gt;'
0 election*.
FraM the New York Sea.
 A TU B STOBY*
 Man? yean ago I happened to be
 one of the referee* in a case that exci
 ted unusual interest in our courts, from
 the singular nature of the claim, and
 the strange story which it disclosed.
 The plaintifT who was captain of a ship
 which traded principally with the West
 Indies, had married quite early with
 every prospect of happiness.—His wife
 was said to have been extremely beauti
 ful, and no less lovely in her charac
 ter.
 Afler living with her in the most un
 interrupted harmony for five years,
 during which time two daughters were
 added to the family, he suddenly re
 solved to resume his occupation, which
 he had relinquished on his marriage,
 and when Ins youngest child was but
 three weeks old, sailed once more for
 the West Indie*. His wife, who was
 devotedly attached to him, sorrowed
 deeply at his absence, and found ner
 only comfort in the society of the chil
 jdren and the hopes of his return. Hut
 month after month passed away and he
 I came not, nor did any letters, those in
 sufficient but welcome substitutes, ar
 rive to cheer her solitude. Months
 {lengthened into years, yet no tidings
 were received from the absent husband;
 land after hoping against hope, the un
 happy wife was compelled to believe
 i that he had found a grave beneath the
 weltering ocean.
 Her sorrow was deep and heartfelt,
 but the evils of poverty were now add
 ed to her afflictions, and the widow
 found herself obliged to resort to some
 employment in order to support her
 children. Her needle was the only re
 source, and for ten years she labored
 early and late for the miserable pit
 tance which is ever grudgingly bestowed
 on an humble seamstress.
 A merchant in New York, in moder
 ate but prosperous circumstances, ac-
 I cidentallv became acquainted with her,
 and pleased with her gentle manners
 no less than her most extreme beauty,
 he endeavored to improve their ac
 quaintance with friendship.
 After some months he offeicd his
 hand and was accepted. As the wife
 of a successful merchant, she soon
 found herself in the enjoyment of com
 forts and luxuries such as she had
 never possessed. Her ehildren became
 his children, and received from him
 every advantage which w’ealth and af
 fection could procure.
 Fifteen years passed away; the
 daughter married, and by their step
 father were furnished with every com
 fort requisite in their new avocation of
 house-keepers. But they had hardly
 quitted his roof when their mother was
 taken ill. She died after a few days, and
 from that time until the period of which
 I speak, the widower resided with the
 youngest daughter.
 Now* comes the strangest part of the
 story. After an absence of thirty
 years, during w’hich time no tidings,
 had arrived from him the first husband
 i returned as suddenly as he had depart
 ed.
 He had changed his sh ’w -t
 {another name, and tl»«j v.&lt;
 that long period on the ocean, with
 i only transient visits on shore, while
 taking in or discharging cargoes, hav
 ing been careful never to come nearer
 j home than New Orleans. Why he had
 acted in this unpardonable manner to
 wards the family, no one could tell, and
 he obstinately refused all explanation.
 There were strange rumors of slave
 trading and piracy afloat, but they
 were only whispers of conjecture rather
 i than truth.—Whatever might have
 i been his motives for his conduct, he
 was certainly any thing but indifferent
 I to his family concerns w hen he re
 turned. He raved like a madman
 j when informed of his wife’s second
 marriage, and subsequent death, vow
 ing vengeance upon his successor, and
 j terrifying his daughters by the most
 aw&lt;ul threats, in case they refused to
 1 acknowledge his claims. lie had re
 turned wealthy, and one of the mean
 reptiles of the law, who are always to
 be found crawling about the halls oi
 justice, advised him to bring a suit
 against the second husband; assuring
 him that he could recover heavy dam
 ages. The absurdity of instituting a
 claim for a wife whom death had re
 leased from the jurisdiction ot earthly
 i laws was so manifest, that it was at
 i length agreed to by all parties to leave
 the matter to be adjudged by five re
 ferees.
 It was upon a bright and beautiful
 afternoon in Spring, when we met to
 hear this singular case. The sunlight
 streamed through the dusty windows of
 i the court room, and shed a halo around
 the long grey locks and broad forehead
 of the defendant—while the plaintiff’s
 harsh features were thrown into still
 bolder relief, by the same beam which
 softened the placid countenance of the
 adversary.
 The plaintiff’s lawyer made a most
 eloquent appeal for his client, and had
 we not been informed about the matter,
 I our hearts would have been melted by
 his touching description of the return of
 the desolate husband, and the agony
 with which he now beheld his house
 hold goods removed to consecrate a
 stranger’s hearth. The celebrated
 Aaron Burr was counsel for the defend
 ant, and we anticipated from him a
 j splendid display of oratory.
 Contrary to our expectations, how
 ever, Burr made no attempt to confute
 his opponent’s oratory. He merely
 opened a book of statutes, and pointing
 with his thin finger to one of the pages,
 desired the referees to read it, while
 he retired for a moment, for the princi
 pal i citnctv.
 We had scarcely finished the section,
 W’hich fully decided the matter in our
 minds when Burr re-entered with a tall
 and elegant female leaning on his arm.
 She was attired in a simple white dress,
 wuh a wreath of ivy leaves encircling
 her large straw bonnet, and a lace veil
 j completely concealing her counte
 nance. Burr whispered a few words,
 apparently encouraging her to ad
 vance, and then gracefully raising her
 veil,discovered to us a face of proud,
 surpassing beauty. I recollect as well
 as if it happened yesterday, how
 simultaneously the murmur of admira
 tion burst from the lips of all present.
ranting to the pbidttr, Mr. Barr
 uked, in n cold, quiet tone—
 ‘Do you know this Udjr?’
 Answer.—'l do.’
 Barr.—‘Will you swear to that V
 Ans.—‘l will! to the beat of ay
 knowledge, end belief sbe is ay daugh
 ter.’
 Burr.—‘Can von swear to her identi
 ty?’
 An#.—*l can.’
 Burr, —‘What is her age?’
 Ans.—'She was 30 years on the ‘iOth
 day of April.’
 Burr. —‘When did you last s**e her?’
 Ans.—‘At her own house, about a
 fortnight since.*
 Burr. —‘When did you see her pre
 vious to that meeting:
 The plaintiff hesitated a long penae
 ensued—the question was repeated,
 and the answer at length was.
 ‘On the 14th day of May, 17
 ‘When she was just three weeks old,’
 added Burr. Gentlemen,’ continued
 he, turning to us, *1 have brought this
 lady here as an important witness, and
 such, I think, she is. The plaintiff's
 counsel has pleaded eloquently in be
 half of the bereaved husband, who es
 caped the perils of the sea and returned
 only to find his home desolate. But who
 wili picture to you the lonely wife bend
 ing over her daily toil, devoting her
 best years to the drudgery of sordid
 poverty, supported only by the hope ol
 her husband’s return: Who will paint
 the slow progress of heart-sickcning,
 the wasting anguish of hope deferred,
 and finally, the overwhelming agony
 which came upon her when her last
 hope was extinguished, and she was
 compelled to believe herself indeed a
 widowr Who can depict all this with
 out awakening in your hearts the
 warmest sympathy for the deserted wife
 and the utterest scorn for the mean piti
 ful wretch, who could thus trample on
 the heart of her whom he had sworn to
 love and cherish We need not in
 quire into his motives for acting so
 base a part. Whetner it was love ol
 gain or licentiousness, or selfish indiffer
 ence, it matters not; he is too vile a
 thing to he judged by such laws as
 govern men. Let us ask the witness—
 she who now stands before us with the
 frank, fearless brow of true-hearted
 woman—let us ask which of the two has
 been to her a father.’
 Turning to the lady, in a tone whose
 sweetness was in strange contrast with
 the scornful accent which had jusl
 characterised his words, he besought
 her to relate brietly the recollections ol
 her early life.—A slight flush passed
 over her proud and beautiful face as
 she replied:
 ‘My first recollections are of a small,
 ill-furnished apartment, which my sister
 and myself shared with my mother.
 She used to carry out every Saturday
 evening the work which had occupied
 her during the week, and bring back
 employment for the following one.
 Saving that wearisome visit to her em
 ployers and her regular attendance al
 church, she never left the house. She
 often spoke of my father, and of the
 anticipated return, but at length she
 ceased to mention him, though l ob
 served she used to weep more frequent
 ly than ever. I then thought she wepl
 because we were poor, for it sometimes
 happened that our support was only a
 bit of dry bread; and she was accus
 tomed to see by the light of the chips
 which she kindled to warm her famish
 ing children, because she could uol
 purchase a candle without depriving ui
 of our morning meal. Such was oui
 povert y whou.jn.y mother contracted a
 second marriage, and the change to us
 was like a sudden entrance into Para
 dise. We found a home and father.
 She paused.
 ‘Would you excite my own child a
 gainst me? cried the plaintiff as he
 impatiently waived his hand for her to
 be silent.
 The eyes of the witness flashed fire
 i as he spoke.
 ‘You are not my father,’ exclaimed
 she vehemently. ‘What! call you my
 fathei '—you who basely left your wile
 to toil and your children to beggary
 Nevei! never! Behold, there my la
 ther,’ pointing to the agitated defend
 ant, “there is the man who watched
 over my infancy—who was the sharer
 of my childish sports and the guardian
 of my inexperienced youth. There is
 the man claims my affection and shares
 my home; there is my r father. For
 yonder selfish wretch, I know him not.
 The best years of his life have been
 spent in lawless freedom from social
 ties; let him seek elsewhere for the
 companion of his decrepitude, nor dare
 insult the ashes of my mother by claim
 ing the duties of kindred from her de
 serted children.’
 She drew her veil hastily around her
 as she spoke, and moved as if to with
 draw.
 ‘Gentlemeu,’said Burr, ‘I have no
 more to say. The words of the law
 are expressed in the book before you;
 the words of truth you have heard from
 woman’s pure lips; it is for you to de
 cide according to the requisition of na
 ture and the decrees ot justice.’
 I need not say that our decision was
 in favor cf the defendant, and the plain
 tiff went forth followed by the contempt
 of every honorable person who was
 present at the trial.
A WOMAN WITH TWO HUSBANDS,
 The following interesting narrative
 is copied from a late Knglish paper.
 It is quite as romantic as anything that
 can be found in the thousand tmsgin
 ary works with which the country is
 flooded, and the denouement far more
 sensible and natural than novelists gen
 erally arrive at:
 Eight years ago the daughter of
 Philip Cornin, Esq. ofVVelbec, mar
 ried clandestinely the son of her Other's
 gardener, a fine looking young fellow,
 named Oakes. As is usual in such ca
 ses, Ellen and her husband were turned
 out of doors, and told to go and beg
 their bread if they could not get it any
 other way. Ellen was not then quite
 sixteen years of age, but a girl of un
 usual spirit and firmness. She there-,
 fore induced her husband to go to Lon
 don, and they arrived almost friendless
 in that metropolis.
 After staying here eeieral weeks,,
 they were enabled to do hut little.
 Ellen had procured some scholars
 through the influence of a former j
 school-mate, who was married and
 settled but this little income would Mt t
more than pay the rent of their own
 ntm. Young Oakes, who wm for the
 first time strangling with the world, al
 most five up in despair.
 Finally he shipped as a band before the
 mast, oo board of an East India trading
 vessel, and not daring to take a formal
 lease (flu wife, be wrote ber a note
 the day that the ship tailed, advising
 her to return to her parents, and declar
 ing solemnly that necessity compelled
 bim to the courae he had resolved 00.
 He aaid that in three years he would
 positively retorn, and hoped he should
 then be io a condition to merit her love
 and esteem.
 Poor Ellen felt terribly this loss of
 her husband; and from a feeling of re
 sentment towards her father, who had
 been the cause of the low, she deter
 mined not to go home, but to continue
 to support herself by teaching. In ta is
 she was successful. In vain did her
 father, who found out how matters stood
 endeavor to persuade her to return.
 She declared she would not receive a
 penny of his bounty unless she received
 it in company with her husband.
 In eight months time she received
 tidings of her husband's death. The
 ship in which he sailed was wrecked,
 and all on board except the second mate
 and two seamen, perished. Her father
 tried to reclaim his child, but now she
 was more resolutely prejudiced against
 her father than ever. By her industrv,
 skill, and attention, she had secured
 the good graces of two noble families,
 and with their patronage she was above
 want.
 On the 10th of December, 1843, Mrs.
 Oakes was married to James Gelston
 YVestley, Esq., a gentleman of large
 landed estate in Norfolk. She had no
 intercourse with her family up to the
 time of her second marriage, and even
 after that event she received the visit
 of her father and brothers coldly.
 She has since lived very happily
 with her second husband, by whom she
 has had two children. On the 23d of
 September, 1847, her husband returned
 to London, and learning of her mar
 riage, he wrote a letter announcing his
 I return and his escape from the wreck
 nearly eight years before. The feel
 ings of Mrs. Westly can better be im
 agined than described. With her eyes
 i bathed in tears she banded the letter to
 Sir James, her husband. V ery *soon
 this unhappy couple were on their way
 to London, and the wife rushed to the
 arms of her first love—but the feelings
 of the mother finally prevailed. Mr.
 Oakes was still in indifferent circum
 stances, but yet he was far from wish
 ing to influence his wife to abandon
 her two children to illegitimacy. It
 j was -therefore resolved that all three
 should petition to the court for a di
 vorce from Oakes, and an act legitimi
 sing the children of the second mar
 riage.
 Sir James Westly has procured Mr.
 Oakes a government office in the Cus
 toms, and until the divorce is car
 ried through, the lady will reside al
 her father’s house in Welbcc. The
 i London dispatch says that an act Parlia
 j ment will have to be passed in order to
 legitimate the children of this singulai
 manage.

 j A QUAKER’S LETTER TO HIS
 WATCHMAKER.
 I herewith send my pocket clock
 which greatly slundeth in need of thy
 friendly correction. The last tune he
 was at thy friendly school, he was nc
 ways reformed, nor in the least bene-
 J fitte d thereby: for I perceive by the in
 dex of his mind that he is a liar, and
 the truth is not in hint; that bis motions
 'are wavering and irregular; that hia
 pulse is sometimes slow ,which betoken
 i eth not au even temper; at other times
 lit waxeth sluggish, notwithstanding I
 frequently urge him; when he should
 Ihe on his duty, as thou knowest his
 I unsual name denoteth, I will find him
 i slumbering or sleeping—or. as the vani
 ty of human reason phrase it, catch
 him napping. Examine him, therefore,
 and prove him, I beseech thee,
 thoroughly, that thou mayest, by being
 well acquainted with his inward frame
 and disposition, draw him from the er
 ror of his ways, and show* him the path
 wherein he should go. It grieves me
 to think, and when 1 ponder thereon, I
 am verily of opinion that his body is
 i foul, and the whole mass is corrupted.
 Cleanse him, therefore, with thy charm
 ing physic, from all pollution, that lie
 may vibrate and circulate according to
 the truth. I will place him a few days
 under thy care, and pay for his board
 'as thou requires! it. f entreat thee,
 friend John, to demean thyself on this
 occasion with right judgment, accord
 ing to the gift which is in thee, and
 prove thyself a superior workman. And
 when thou layest thy correcting hands
 on him, let it be without passion, lest
 thou drive him to destruction. Do thou
 i regulate his motion for the time to
 come, by »he motion of the light that
 ruleth the day, and when thou findest
 him convened from the error of his
 ways, and more conformable to the a
 hove mentioned rules, then do you send
 I him home with a just bill of charges,
 I drawn out by the spirit of moderation,
 j and it shall be sent to thee in the root
 of ail evil.
 i Remarkable Trace of Axtiquitv.
 —The perfect skeleton of an Indian
 I woman was found last Wednsday after-
 I n n th e sa, id-bank excavation, ad
 joining Niagara River, immediately
 back of Major Whitney’s new rest-j
 dence. We understand that it rested
 j in a sitting posture with its head facing
 j the North, (true Indian sts|e,) about
 four feet below the surface. Immedi
 ately above grew a large hickory, two
 feet in diameter, at least 200 years old,
 whose huge roots encircled the skele-j
 ton on every side. Owing to the frost 1
 in the sand, and the number of roots to
 ,b« removed, it was obtained with great j
 difficulty. Rumor says Indian resell J
 were found with it.—.VJngoro Falla
 Iris.
At kempecy. Worcestershire, boy
 named Arkill, fell off the a high
 ladder, but be alighted on hi#feet. He
 U P w »th a rebound which carried
 him backwards, and he tumbled into a
 deep well. He was given up for lost,
 butwhs presently heard moving in tbe
 wut r: he had clung to the rough walls,
 ultimately got unheart bp ei-
lapmtait t» Fmers.
 IDE’S pMr« Wheel Cwtyratar mm! Win* flf»»
 PW. IV Fanwiag public are hereby informed
 tint Unw (hint have bnn tekm eet by the
 aeriber far hi* mm mu i-pn.M«a a the com
 aad wftcfi of FuW*C«IW*WM i
 wm gnmt u i .eeurafa recto* iouiae
 the whole iptra of famin, b* rrdwrmg the exprwte
 &lt;N»VIf or more. Whrrr»rr they tore hero
 (faced, lbey bare net the decided affewtotk* of
 omcrj, n the following certificates from the iotel
 ifeat {vertical former* whore ana** ere
 tt ached. abundant]* show:
 CERTIFICATES
 Tbi* ney certify tha, we, the SolwcT.bere, here
 nee and need the Patent Wheel Cultivator. imitated
 hs Nuba* lue. of Shelby, Orleam Co., New
 lore, and believe j| to he', as t labor-saving ma
 cbine, one of the {neatest imptorfawtt of the efe.
 By K, a lanwr can put in hum ice to fifteen acre*
 ■ore of wheat in a year, with the tame amount of
 team blot; hr ran also *ow it in much hatter order.
 By it aio Canada ifoau;* and -Mhe*- noxious weeds
 nay bo total!* extirpated. Said machiur is so con
 atiwcie.' that u can 1% regulated to go ao\ depth. by
 means of m new .on lb? upper part of ii&gt; machine,
 and thu'* eiihrr plow tip tl»r ti-now! thvMdfhlv, of
 only josi brtisfc the surface. Upon thr whole, we
 think it decidedly the I test machine eve; invented for
 ptilreriring tf* ground and facilitating the labor of
 the Farmer, ami a* such cheerful! recommend it
 to our brother former.-.
 James 11. ilet'U v, James Ide
 Irnos New man, Jtdm Stereos,
 John C. Wheeler. IL tries Iledley.
 Gardner Berry, Jamr- F. Anderson,
 Shelby, Co., April 23, !&lt;*4B.
 We, die undertigred, ptrehased one of Nathan
 Ide's Patent Cultivators last Fall, and found it
 answer tin purpose so well, that we tore this Spring
 made [«trr!iase of another. We can with thin Plow
 prepare w ith two horse--, eight acres of land per day
 for wheat, and it is much Utter done than by the
 old plows; and the land pepored by thi* Cultivator
 will yield 5 bush, per acre roorr.
 ELI CHURCH.
 Riga, June. ISIS. DENNIS CHURCH.
 After these testimonials, the Subscriber deems it
 unnecessary to enter into a long aud elaborate des
 cription of the implement, with iu various modes of
 operation. To be fully appreciated, it mast he seen
 and used. No farmer who fully understands his
 interest will be wit bout one, as it is an invaluable
 implement.
 NATHAN IDE, Patentee.
 Shelby, Orleans Co., N. Y., July 1848.
 IDE'S Patent Cultivator is manufaetured by
 LEVI WELLS, Buffalo Street, near the Bull's
 Head, Rochester, N. Y., where farmers are invited
 come and examine for themselves.
 ROCHESTER SHOE AND LEATHER
 JOBBING HOUSE.
 THE subscribers at No. 22 State street, take plea
 sure in announcing to the public that they nave
 completed arrangements by which they are enabled
 to otter the most satisfactory inducements to all en
 gaged in llie sale or manufacture of Boots ami Shoes,
 to come to this market for a supply.
 They are also offering on the most favorable terms,
 a large stock of Sole and L T pper leather, Kip, Calf,
 and Morocco Skins, with a full assortment of Find
 ing, including Lasts, Pegs, &amp;c. Dealers will find it
 greatly to their interest.to examine our stock Ivtforc
 purchasing elsewhere.
 jy 10 SAGE PANCOST.
 PRINTING PAPER AGENCY.
 WE are Agents for the Buffalo Paper Mills,
 where Paper of the best quality is made from
 pure spring water, very white and smooth. A sup
 ply of New sand Book Paper kept constantly for
 sale by us, at Mill prices, in large or small lots.
 Any size and quality of Paper not on hand, fur-
 I nished at short notice.
 Printers and others will do well to call and exam
 ine the quality and price, at No.'6 Exchange st.
 FISHER Co.
 jy2l Booksellers and Publishers.
British Periodical Literature.
 The London Quarterly Renew, the Edinburgh Review,
 The North British Review, the Westminster Review,
 nnj Blackwcexl's Edinburgh Magazine.
 THE widespread fame of these splendid periodi
 cals renders it needless to say much in their praise.
 As literary organs, they stand far m advance of
 any tuing of the sort now published, while the polit
 ical complexion of each is marked by a dignity,
 c.iixlur, and forbearance, not often found iu works
 of a party character.
 They embrace the views of the three great parties
 in England—Tory, Whig, and Radical. Black
 wood and the London Quarterly are Tory; the
 Edinburgh Review Whig; and the Westmin
 ster Review Radical. The North British Re
 view is more of a r eligious character, having been
 originally edited by Dr. Chalmers, and now, since
 his death, I icing conducted by his son-in-law, Dr.
 Hanna, associated with .Sir David Brewster. Its
 literary character i- of the very highest order. The
 Westminster, though reprinted under that title only,
 is published in England under die title of The For
 eign Quarterly and \S estiuinster—it being in fact a
 union of the two Reviews formerly republished and
 j reprinted under separate titles. It has, therefore,
 the advantage by this combination of uniting iri one
 work the best features of both as heretofore issued.
 The above Pc riodicals are reprinted in .\ew York,
 immediately ou their arrival by die British steamers,
 i in a beautiful clear type, on fine while paper, and
 are faithful copies of the originals, Blackwood's
 Magazine, licing an exact facsimile of the Edinburgh
 edition.
 RICES FOP. 1619, (if subscribed for early.)
 For any one of die four Reviews, s&gt;'3 00 per annum.
 For any two do 5 00
 For any three do 7 00
 For all four of the Review;;, S 00
 For Blackwood’s Magazine, 3 00
 For Blackwood and the 3 Reviews, 9 00
 For Blackwood the 4 Reviews, 10 00
 Payments to !&gt;e trunk in all cases in adranc. c
 CLUBBING.
 Four copies of any or all tlie above works w ill b
 sent to one address on pay ment of the regular sub
 script ion for three—the fourth copy being gratis.
 EARLY COPIES.
 A late arrangement with die British publishers of
 Blackwood’s .Magazine secures to us early sheets of
 lliat work, by which w« shall be able to place die
 entire number iu tie hands of subscribers before any
 portion of it can lie reprinted in any of the American
 Journals. For diis and other advantages secured to
 our subscriber!- w e pay so large a consideration, licit
 we may lie compelled to raise the price of the Maga
 zine. Tlierefore we repeat sulwcnbe early while
 die price is low.
 Remittances and hoinmuiiications should lie always
 addressed, post-paid or franked, to the publishers,
 LEONARD SCOTT CO.
 70 Fulton street, New York.
 THE GIRARD LIFE INSURANCE, AN
 NUITY AND TRUST COMPANY of Phib
 detptiia. Chartered in 1836—Charter Perpetual;—
 Capital, 8300,000 —Benjamin W. Richards, Presi
 dent. Continues to make insurance ou lives, grant
 annuities and endowments, and accept trusts from in
 dividuals, corporate bodies, and coarts of justice,
 and execute them agreeably to the desire of the par
 ties, said receive deposits of money in trust or on
 interest.
 The Company add a bonus at stated periods to
 the insurance for life, and on the 20th of January
 last, an addition was mad to ail the policies for life,
 remaining in force and issiu-d prior to January Ist,
 1842, amounting to 10 per cent, on the sum insured
 in policies issued in 1837; 7J percent, ou policies
 i!--ued in 1838, and ia rateable proportions according
 to ihrir respective dates.
 The chief object of an iosuranre for life is to pro
 vide a sum of money at the death of the parly insur
 ed, fi»r the benefit of a widow, children, friends or
 creditors; and it wiH he seen on examination of the
 table of rates ot the life io«uranre, which will be
 furnished by the subscriber to all who inav feel an
 interest ia the subject, that by paying a »a«JI stun in
 the office every year during his life, a person may se
 ct®* to hr* fuunty a veiy considerable aiuouni at Uis
 decease.
 W herever the system of Life Insurance is property
 understood, it is extensively adopted, and its great
 advantages to all. but more especially to those who
 depend on their own exertions for the snpp&lt;&gt;rt of their
 families, or who may be denirious to secure the pay
 ment of a sum of mourv to their friends, creditors or
 children, at their decease, which they might he oth
 erwrae unable to accomplish, that the operation of the
 -y stein aeeds tart to tie explained to ensure the seri
 ous const-W-ratem of the pddir.
 Ia several instance* it has happened that the parti
 insured ho died shortly after having paid oak out
 or two Kt-uknrnt* of the premium, w hen bis femih
 have received from this office the full nmouat for
 which hr had insure,!.
 W iaiormatxm oa this important subject may be
 peraoßullv or bv fetter (post
 paid) at the office of ItM rohscriber, the authorised
 agent of tae Girard Life Insurance Company.
 WILLIAM BAKEWELL,
 Bakcwdl** Law Build.sg-.,
 Grant street, Pittsburgh.
W M TOPP, Mere hast Tailor, &amp;M Brood
 ’V* 1 Al-xt aa extensive sdwrtirst of Cravats,
 Stotts, H-wry .GWs, *c
 Fab. 11,1 MR
PROSPECTUS
 AMrky PlKMtogktl Jtiml.
 o. a. fowl**, urn*.
 TJnfcnuwi ptma fwiwi aad oar w».
 ii» ml n*hM of tB work*. Yet, to do to**
 mart uadcntoad the Hmm CoaMitatioa. Thin
 fleceviiie, Phyriotogy aad Vital lh«»fU*o em
 brace, ami tea* npwad all the law* of osw Wiaf,
 raadhi-TT- of happiness, aad rowatitate dw phikao.
 pber's ntae aflamral Truth.
 PHRENOLOGY
 Each fNUabrr will contain cither the aaahsis and
 location af ootae phrenological hmNt, ifhtdralrd by
 u Engraving, «r aa artiral on their cwmbinatiodc:
 aad a bo the organisation aad character of wane dis
 tinecnahed pereonage. nccwnfaiiinl for a likeocM.
 PHYSIOLOGY
 Health Lib, The (ten instrument of talent air*
 tap aad happiness, all &lt;-f which it nugment*. To it*
 perarrrautMi and IMonika,special attmtion will he
 girea.
 Mi6S£TISM.
 With pvaetial instruction. in'ere-ting fveti, and
 choice truths which it unfold*. will tv prewnted in
 this Journal.
 YOI’NG MEN.
 The blritfiaga they enjoy, the influence they can
 wield,' and their prepurntu n for conducting our insti
 tution*, will fotm tlie tlie me of a eerie* ofarticle*.
 SELF-IMPROVEMENT.
 Who does not long earnestly, and would not strive
 assiduously, to cultivate hi-' natural power*, and
 render himself better and store happy! To *uch.
 each number will be a prompter and text-book.
 TERMS—invariably in adrnnee—TlNE DOLL
 AR A YEAR.
 SAMPLE MMBFRS of thif Jr.urrjl will If
 sent GRATIS, when ifesirrd.
 To receive attention, letter- ;tnd orders mturt be
 POST-PAID, and directrd to
 FOWLER WELLS.
 No 131 Nas-au St.,New York
 WILLIAM B. LOG AN, Dealer in FasimmabU
 Boots anti Shoe-, 80, Pnrehaar Street. New
 Bedford.
 1 VV. B. keeps constantly oa liand a good auort
 mem. ami m ill sell cl wap for cash. Strict attention
 Kid to ru-torn-made work, by Messrs. Parker and
 tv is
 NORTHAMPTOjUVATER CURE.
 Electricity and Hydropathy.
 THE public are respectfully inhumed, (hat since
 the philosophical deduction* of the learned Dr.
 I Means, of Emory College, Ga., an,l the'scientific
 experiments of Mr. Hetnmer of England,* liave
 recently ami indubitably established the fact, that
 the eonclu.-ious at which the midendgr.cd arrived bv
 the sense of touch, in 1844, are in harmony w ith
 i natural and physiological laws—to v. it, that llte
 I human body, in a healthy condition, is in a jmgihrt
 electrical store, and that tlie electrical emanation*
 from tlie cuticular surface, indicate health, or the
 i symptoms aad character of disease—,l*re is some
 reason to hope, that certain physicians, ignorant o!
 these principles or natural laws, a knowledge ol
 which is essential to the sale and intelligent practice
 of the healing art, will cease their vociferations
 against the fositivf. klkctricai. statk ofth*
 human body, and will hesitate to dissuade those
 whom they have foiled to relieve of llteir complaint*
 from geeking nature’s remedy at the North amp
 ton Water Cure. Thus sustained by the liglu
 1 of science, tlie undersigned may lie permitted hen
 to repeat his experience, that, in all eases where tin
 wrist, stomach, or lungs, are in the eleetro-negativ,
 i condition, the patient is beyond the power of natii
 to afford relief. On the other hand, when the part
 of the body alluded to, are in tlie electro-|K»sitivi
 state, however disarranged, there is ground to bop
 for a cure.
 Had not the results of past years’ practic
 already convinced the public of the safety or truth
 1 1 fulness of the principles by which the undersigned i
 governed, in detecting the symptoms and charade
 of disease, and practising the cure, the recent scien
 tific demonstration of tlieir correctness, by Professo
 Means and Mr. Hemmer, could not foil to convinc
 the most incredulous.
 Gratefully appreciating the credit so generonsl
 awarded for his success as a Hydropathic Praeti
 tioner, by a discerning public, and the gratilud
 evinced by those whom he has had tlie pleasure t
 relieve of their complaints, the undersigned wi
 assiduously endeavor to sustain the credit,and me»i
 that gratitude, in the case of every invalid who ina
 afford him an opportunity to effect a cure, l&gt;v hi
 i original and philosophical method of practice.
 The Northampton Water Cure is pleasantly situ
 a ted near Bensonville, on tlie west hank of L'ickin
 Water, or Mill River, about two and a half mile
 from the centre of the town. Ft is convenient!
 arranged, with separate parlors, bathing and dress
 ing-rooms, for Ladies and Gentlemen, well Ventil
 ated and conveniently furnished lodging rooms, am
 a variety of hmthm, Applied with water, which, fo
 abundance, purity, and adaptedness to water-cun
 purposes, is unsurpassed by that of any other esta
 blishment in this country. The scenery in this
 vicinity is picture sque and romantic There are
 variety of pleasant walks, sufficiently retired, ti
 allow water-cure patients to appear as they should
 plainly dressed, enjoying their rambles wilhoui
 being exposed to public gaze or observation
 Among the complaints which are here successfulh
 treated, are lieadache, tendency of blood to the head',
 cold extremities, general and nervous ricbilin, bum
 chitis, pulmonary affection, liver complaint, jaun
 dice, acute or chronic inflammation of tlie bowels,
 piles .dyspepsia, general debility, nervous and spina!
 affections, inflammatory and &lt;hronic rheumatism,
 neuralgia, sciatica,lame limbs,paralysis,fever-, sail
 rheiun, scrofulous and erysipelas humors,
 All patients who visit thi. establishment for a
 course of treatment, -should furnish themselves with
 three comfortables, three woollen blankets, one or
 two linen and three cotton sheets, two pillow cases,
 six or eight era h towels, some well worn linen, to
 cut for fomentation.-, aii old cloak or mantle, an um
 brella, and a pair of slipper
 Term- for treatment and fioard are .©5 50 to
 J*§S HO pel week, payable weekly— washing extra.
 A patient w ho from choice or tlie character of his
 complaint, occupies a room alone on the third floor,
 will pay #8 00 per week—on the first and second’
 doors, $8 flO per week. Patients requiring extra
 attention or fire in ilair rooms, (except for swath
 ing purposes.) will furnish their own nurses and fuel,
 or pav an extra price.
 D. KDGGLES.
 Karthnm'jitim, March 1848.
 IV.B. Visitors to tlie Establishment, from the
 east, west, or south, can take tlie cars of the Conn,
 i River Railroad at Springfield. Carriages will
 always lie in readim-s at the N orthampton depot, to
 convey them hither.
 The human blood, in a normal and liealthy con
 dition of the human system, is in a positive "state,
 which is constantly maintained by the activity of the
 generating sources within —an excess generally pass
 ing off in silence from tlie cuticular surface, so mat
 out of 356 experiments made by Mr. Hemmer of
 England, upon the uncovered skin.” 322 indicated
 the presence of positive electricity. This surplusage
 of the fluid upon tlie surface, we believe to Is* indis
 pen-able to the healthful condition of the wlmle
 animal economy, and that wlien, from any cause, is
 ee diminished or ceases, diseased action ensues.”
 Geomldress, delivered'before the Medical College of
 isSrgia, at the opening of its annual session, Nov.
 8, 1347, by A. Means, A.M., M.D., Professor of
 Chemistry and Pharmacy, and Professor of Physical
 Science in Emory College, Ga., jiage 25
 AT HO L WATER CURE.
 rE Subscriber begs leave to call tie attention
 of Invalids, especially those suffering from
 chronic disease, to his hydropathic establishment in
 Athol, Mass.
 His house was opened for the reception of patients
 la*t season, and it is believed offers excellent facili
 ties for a philosophic ami tliorough course in hydro
 pntity. The supply of water is abundant, aitd in
 pnrify ha* been pronounced equal to water on a
 distilled.” 1 he location is quite eligible, firing fail'
 a short distance from the V. ft M. railroad. TV
 vicinity abound* in a variety of scenery, and had
 charming ground, for walks ami rambles. So that
 with tlie water, suitable regimen, mountain air, and
 exercise, patient, can scarcely foil to obtain the i
 healthful result, for which they labor.
 The followins case illustrates this remark. Mr*. j
 8., wife Ilia. 8., of Warwick, Mass., aged I
 about thirty-five years, was brought to tue L*l
 August. Her case presented the following pheno
 mena. If placed ia an erect position, and left on-'
 supported, she forthwith fell backward to the
 ground. If being weU supported, she made aa
 effort to walk, either fool, when carried forward,
 tiespiu- her efforts to the contrary, would rrwi the
 &lt;4fafr. Bhe had been in this condition ueariy a
 year. Her treatment commenced the 16fh Sept.,
 aad was cooimord to the 23th Oct. only, when she
 left, so Ur recovered as to be able to walk half a
 wife with ease. Since her return to her family, she
 has comianed Iter talks, with corre-fsavlmc im
 provement to ler health. Bhe now re-it- to her
 .lomcstic dots., and with the assistance of a small
 girt, doe* the wte* of her tawilv-
 Paucau are 'Wired to foiag three comfortable*,
 one pair of woollen bhttheu, one \mir of sheeu,
 half a doaea towels marked, with oU linen lot
 bandages.
 Terms, front We to lea dollari per week, accord
 ing to th e Mtntkiet or choke of the patient*.
 Those who Ml- leaa particular in the selection ot
 j HW*, Of Alt wUliitf to nffwty (l«TJO tit
 I with others, will be charged lest.
 Athol, March, 1848. GEORGE HOYT.
 I U/'ABHINGTON’S Oagnmrina GdkryriM.
 IghmSm BsHUmgs, Hartford
POVERTY:
 IT* ILLEGAL CAUSES AHD LEGAL
 CUKE.
 8T LTIAXDM •POOKNI.
 TV A Ambit Patriot calk it—A mi pamphlet o
 I "J’, —a very remarkable prodnrtm*.**—
 hrlKtr all the antMupatiotrs a f Wr. Spooner
 r( *l' kl tijr the foil iduplioß of hi* Ukoty,
 n '•"P «iq»w lart w* heartily com.
 neia. hr* endeavor fn the arrtice of all *V&gt; fete 4
 tran»f rent forcible dictioa— intrepid iadepeiylraee
 original thonglit—and entire free Aon from the nl
 ofm-l or party. A** jwliebl writer, be h*«n dcrgh
 a cowif***, far beyond any c«r a hoar pridnrtmn,’
 hie onr nr m a lor&gt;2i
 Hunt’* Merchant’* Magasine my*—“ (t ahnssid*
 ia hold and original thought*. The illegal nmn o
 pOTrrty are stated, ami a number of imjy .riant prr a
 sit ions bearing on the -object bid down; .W/»n the
 whole, we consider it a work writ worth Mod* mg—
 affording as it does many valuable hmu to the states*
 man and political economist.”
 TV Bangor Gftwtir on-“ An shir ami certain
 hr original work, from tV prn of Lyamder
 I Esq.—author of that powerful hook which demm
 j ll ■W'owtitH tonality of American Shivery
 There is no witter of tbc age, of logical acumen r.ile
 searriiing than Spooner.,’ This new work i* de=.
 j tined to lead to a re-examination of all farmer &gt;v
 terns of political economy.” At first bfa»h his eco
 nomical proposition* strike u« ns *nstainoble —air 1
 they are so, bis work w ill prevail, and produce ar
 imp»r rnt revolution in the present pretailing «v»
 tom.
 Every one »houh! rend if
 ELLA MARSH, Publisher, Boston.
 Part 1. Price 25 Cents.
 i*nri’&gt; legriatHp Kviiari
 I? the only remedy that esn be relied on for the
 permanent cure of Spasmodic Contract ion*. Irriu
 j **on of the Nerve*, Nrrvous or Sick Headache
 Nerrr.ns Tremors, Neuralgic Affections, Genera,
 s Debility, Deficiency of Nervous anti Physical Lore
 gv, 3rd .ili Nervous Disorders, ixrluding the most
 drem.ful of all diseases that afh et the human race—
 Fplrpty, or F"Umg S,cirr**.— Ht sterical Fite,
 i Convulsions, Spawn-.. &amp;c It is wrfl known, that
 firm time inum-rooi ial. Physicians hate pronoitneed
 Epileptic Fits incurable. It has baffled ail their
 skill, ami ihe boasted power of all medicine, and
 cons- quently thousand- it.ive suffered through a mis
 erable existence, ami ui last yielded np their lives on
 the .\ltur oj Insanity. —The proprietor of the Vrgrt
 able Extract, however, feels no ilelirucv in saving
 thsit it can V cum!, lie wijuk!, therefore, respect
 fully invite physician?, ami all others who are inter
 ested, to examine the testimony w hirh is here oflered.
 If it is decep-tiou, let i: le rVowtl hut if it is
 true, then in the name of humanity, no longer let it
 lie id that Epilepsy is incurable.
 H art's V rgciulle Extract. —for sixteen year-,
 i has I’ecn tested l&gt;\ many persons wlm have suffered
 with this dreadful di-siYsc. in every ease where
 it hi: had lair trial, has e fleeted a permanent
 cure.
 i Ci l. Deuslow of Yonkers, New Yolk, states that
 j bis dtnughter has been aft) tried with Fite for more
 than nine years, and has Urn cured by the use of
 the egetable Extract.
 Mrs. J. Rnuiey. 115 Orchard street, Nrw York,
 stmt s that she iuts been subject to Fits for many
 yeats, and has Urn restored t.» perfect liealth (after
 j every other means had tailed) by the use rd the
 i Vegetable Extract.
 i I&gt;r. CUailcs A. Brown, of Dover, Russell co.,
 Alabama, who is one of the Ust Physicians in the
 State, says that lie has been much bent-fitted by the
 use of tlie V egctal-k- l.xtract, and that he unhesitat
 ingly prescribes it in every case of Epilepsy which
 comes under his know ledge.
 Curtis Mayhem, Esq., leribcrlv Postmaster
 at Linie Mills, Crawford Co., Pa., „ow living in
 Eric Co., Pa., suites that for many y-ars past he
 has been sorely altlicied w ith Fits, 'and he is now
 J; happy to state that a persevering use of Dr. Hart’s
 ■I Vegetable Extract, has restored him to sound health,
 j' being entirely freed from that worst of all diseases.'
 r! Judge Kaudall, N 156 Heniy street, New A ork,
 having used the Vegetable Extract Micre-.-fully i,,’
 i hi« f miily, highly lecoinmends it to ail p« rsons who
 BI are aftlicted with Fits.
 M. Stephen E. Pratt, corner of Sixth Avenue
 y and Twenty-Sixth street, New Vmk, slates that
 Mr. Chas, 11. Boughton, a member of his family has
 e i been so severely alEicted with Epileptic Fits for
 t many years, that he was obliged to relinquish his
 business. Having used Dr. Hart’s Vegetable Ex
 ti tract (says Mr. Pratt,) lie vias soon restored to
 y perlect health, and left this city lor the State ot
 e&lt; Ohio to resume his business.
 Rev. Mr. Smith, Rector of St. Peters Churcn,
 Spots wood, New Jersey, who has been afflicted
 with Epileptic Fits for more than forty years, states
 sj that Ire has used Dr. Hart’s Vegetable Extract, and
 v his liealtli has been so much improved that lie hopes
 by Divine blessing, to have no more Fits.
 Eptlrjiic Fits. —For twenty-seven veais and six
 j months, cured by the use of this truly wonderful
 rl medicine.
 Reaii tlie follow ing remaikablc ease of the son of
 VVrn. Secure, Esq, of Philadelphia, afflicted widi
 Epileptic Fits twenty-seven years and six months
 After travelling through England, Scotland, Ger
 many and France, consulting the most eminent
 physicians, and expending for medicine, medical
 treatment and advice three thousand dollars, retiuoed
 with his son to this country in November last., with
 out receiving any benefit whatever, and waa cured
 fby ÜBtiig Hart’s VegttaNe Extract.—l have apent
 j over three thousand dollars for meoicine and mcriical
 attendance. 1w as advised to take a tour to Eu-
 I with him which 1 did. I fiist visited England,
 I consulted the most emir.i nt pliy debus there iu
 respect to his case; they examined him and prescri
 bed accordingly. I remained there three months
 j without perceiving any change for the better, which
 j c -ibout two hundred and fifty dollars, potk
 eted by tl«; physicians, and the mod that I receiveo
 I wa th^ir opinion that my 0 n cose was hopeless,
 i anJWSmVF.LIf INCURABLE. 1
 left England travelled through Scr ilarwl, Germauv
 and France, and returned home in tin- month ot
 November last, with my son as far from being cured
 i i V M l,Pn lclf 1 ;uv &gt;our advertisement in one «.f
 thi* -New i cik j npei.«, and conchidcd to try llart v a
 Vegrt.ibk* Extinct, seeing your statements anti
 i certificates ot «o many cure*, some of twenty and
 thirty years standing, and 1 can assure yon i am not
 sorry I did so, as by tlie use of Hart’s Vegetable
 i Exttaet alone he was restored to PERFECT
 HEALTH. Hi* reason, which was so far gone as to
 unfit him for business i* entirely resit red, with the
 prospect now heJote him of lile, liealtli anti usefut-
 I 28 year- of age, anti 27 yeais 6
 months of this time has been afflicted with this
 most dreadful of diseases, but thank Gtsi is now
 enjoying gootl health.
 i Now sir, faith without works I don’t believe
 in. To say I shall be ever grateful to yen is one
 tiling, and as i here enclose yon one hundred dollars,
 I have no doubt but you will think this aiiother arid
 quite a difierrnt thing. The debt fif gratilmie I still
 owe yon; but please accept this amount as inter. .t
 on the dr lit in advance.
 Vonrs, verv rexpectfullv,
 (signed) WILLIAM SECURE.
 TESTIMONY UPON TESTIMONY.
 in reterence to tin- almost mila. ufi.us elhcaey i t
 this truly wonderful medicine, nad tin- following
 letter from l)r. W. L. Monroe, of Guilford, Ohio,
 one of tlie ira..i eminent phyaforanx in that place:
 Guilfirtd, Ohio, August 17, 18-Wj.
 Brotlier labrner in tin- cause of humanity—Dear
 sir: Iti- wilk no small degree of pleasure that 1
 am enabled to announce to you th&lt; complete triumph
 lof your invaluable medkine'in r.tses of Epilepsy. I
 have pres- riU-i it in four instances in this vicinity,
 and it has been highly successful in all. Three o’
 the patients, 1 trust, liare been radically cured.
 The fouitb one i« rapidly imotoving, ami will, I
 think w itbiMit doubt recover, f aiu m.t in tlie fiafot
 ot prescribing or ierotuim*iMiiog piflent iwdiciaei-,
 lait wlien I see an article winch |&gt;roiiii«e« so inurh
 for tlie relief of suffering humanity, I feel my duty
 to recommend it, and I have no liesitaliin in say
 ing dial as soon as the faculty are fully ari|naiiued
 witli the real merit of y&lt;atr nmiiciae, tiw-y will
 close tiseir eyes against prejudice and lew I you a
 helping hand.
 I sulscrile myself yours, sincerely,
 [BigneriJ W. L. MONHOE, M. Il
 To Dr. M. Hart, New York.
 THE TIME IS NOT FAR DISTANT
 When tls/usaods who are now trrmUiaw oader
 the hand of this dreadful di-oase, snl) fearing that
 every attack may prove fatal, will find permanent
 relief and I* restored to new life, bv using this
 celebrated medicine.
 OVER ONE THOUSAND CERTIFICATES
 Have been received ia testimony of the Beneficial
 result produced by the use of Dr. Hart’s Vegeta-
 Me Extract.
 Prepared by ft. HART, M. D. t New York.
 Price, onr S 00
 Do four package I(&gt; (g,
 Do eight (wckages 00
 11 F»*ked up ia boxes for traits-
 VHOMAH S M.LS- in Ci,.
 cwnati. Ohm, fseneval Agents for the U.ited
 iftiens must be ad
 ortusd Post Paid.
 A ’j“J y ot^** i Cmmr F tu W.lhaaißt.
 r k faster,
 E. Hoßidfe, 217 Mata street Buffalo,
 tf* E I ;.2* yk,rrf Ow***! Ohio.
 Fav It Kdtbourue, Columbus,
 k M,U. Ifottvdt, Michi,-.
 Oliaiiiinha*, Mtilwankle W is.
 U*!;, 1 M*»ou, Duiinque lowa.
 H. WsckilMi.twl Co., St. Louts Mo.
 And for Sufe by must &lt;4 the principal Drggfists,
 ihrwuehout the Lotted Stale*.
 Thomas a mill*, m mam mm,
 R-l) \CjTMMh.Ohf
