Communications.

 New York, May 12, IB4tt.
 Dmh Sr* —As vout exchanges mill con
 t*ui a tall rej»ort of the speeches and reeolu
 rtf the various meeting's during anatver
 ttWv week, there can be no necessity for my at
 tempted detail thereof, though some of the in
 cidents not Hv them narrate*] may prove in
 teresting to the North Stir readers. 'Htete
 ,muM hardly have lieen a more unpropittous
 morning than Tuesday the Bth inst. and yet
 Broadway Tabernacle was filled w iih a high
 tv tespemble audience at the opening meet-;
 mg of the American Anti-Slavery Socie
 tv The introductory remarks of Mr. Garri
 &gt;.m (President) and speeches of Parker Pills
 burv, Wendell Phillq* and Frederick Doug
 lass, were listened to and applauded in a most
 gratifying tnannei. The subsequent meetings
 at the Minerva rooms were characterised by
 ait that earnestness of matter and manner, and
 freedom of debate st&gt; peculiarly a feature of
 the Society, an exception (as the latter is,) to
 all the organizations. Ihe delegations from
 various sections of the country, imparted and
 received encouragement, to persevere in their
 mission el redeeming the land trom Slavery s
 curse. Some individuals not before identi
 fied with the cause, came forward to partici-
 I ate in the discussion of the most ultra plans,
 ami the natuial impression? thus made were of
 a most hopeful character. (Inc evening ses
 sion was held at Hope Chapel, up Broadway
 ,n a neighborhood of the aristocracy, who
 u-ere represented in good numbers at the
 meeting. Mr. Garrison submitted a history of
 the anti-slavery enterprize from its dark hour
 in the present —the magnitude of the crime j
 ui Slavery, and hi? determination (God help-'
 mg him) to abide at his post while life lasts.
 Frederick Douglass rivetted close attention by
 he* experience as an American Slave,and on
 l&gt; work' d up opposition when he alluded to
 Zachary Taylor’s Slavery career, Henry
 I n s Colonization scheme, and Jhe proposi
 ti. in of sending Billies to the slaves. No one
 however volunteered any defence of the would
 &lt;u the tutting President, but a young The
 ologian mounted the rostrum in behalf of the
 \merican Church and the plan of supplying
 the victims of slavery with the Bible, stating
 that while south, he had been permitted to
 visit slave quarters and furnish Bible instruc
 tion. It was remarked, however, by Mr. Phil- j
 I ps. anil not denied by the speaker, that lie
 must have passed inspection in the slavehold-j
 ei's parlor. The principal objection urged at
 this and other meetings, was the impractica
 bility of the scheme, and the absurdity of not
 first securing ro the slave [Kissession of him
 self—that the Bible and all else may J hen
 safely lie added.
 Charles Lenox Kemond, during a train of
 eloquent remarks alluded to his having voted
 at ihe recent election for Stephen C. Phillips
 as Governor of Massachusetts, (all other
 names on the Free Soil ticket having been
 erased by him,) his vote under the citeuin
 jslanccK was intended as a grateful expression
 for the successful efforts put forth by him (Mr.
 Phillips) in Salem for the equal educational
 privileges of colored children.
 The Vigilance Committee meeting at Shi
 loh church was numerously attended, the
 addresses were impressive, and a large col-j
 lection was obtained for legitimate under-’
 ground-railway purposes.
 Several meetings have been held under the;
 auspices of the colored citizens, the result of
 which it is fondly hoped may unite them in a
 gPl»r»‘U 1 effort to aid the anti-slavery cause;!
 though in combating our common enemy, Sla
 very, tbe active am) influential at limes differ
 very materially in their modus operand r, as is
 sometimes too evident when Henry Bibb,
 Charles Lenox Kemond, Henry 11. Garnet,
 Samuel K. Ward and Frederick Douglass
 meet in the arena of debate.
 On Friday afternoon and evening, Samuel
 K. Ward and Frederick Douglass debated in
 the Minerva rooms the “Constitutionality of
 American Slavery.” They were greeted by
 an audience comprising much of the intelli
 gent, refined and reformatory, both white and
 colored. The disputants have won for them
 selves and their respective positions numerous
 eucortitims. The power of logic and i heloric,
 blending with genuine wit, —“Greek meeting
 Greek” preserved interest to a late hour, and
 even then the audience like Oliver Twist,
 asked for more “of w hat was really a mental
 feast.” By mutual consent the question was
 not submitted to vote, and I forliear at pres
 ent, any elaborate notice of the argument pro
 and con. The whole was regarded as a bril
 liant finale to “Anniversary week” in New
 York W. N.
Brooklyn, L. 1., May 15, 1K49.
 Frederick Douglass :—I take my pen in j
 hand to drop you a few hasty lines. The
 Hannibal Lodge O. IT. O. of O. F. (celebrated
 their third anniversary on Monday evening,
 the Utli lust, '['he speakers on that occasion
 were Messrs. John Peterson, Daniel J.i
 Elston, Joseph t‘. Holley and James.
 Fulls.
 Mr. Peterson deliveied quit** an eloquent
 address, in tlie course.of which he took occa
 sion to eulogize Messrs. Garnet, Ward,
 Bibb, and the slave lible movement; and hid
 his audience beware of those professed re
 ioiniers, who come in our midst, disturb our
 public assemblies, and oppose giving the ta
 ble to the slave! Beware of such reform-,
 era!*' This was greeted with some ap-i
 piause.
 Mr. J. C. Holley, alter making some re
 marks appropriate to the occasion previous to
 taking his a»*at, said—“ 1 would most icspeci
 fully and deferentially suggest for the consid
 eration ot brotheis, whether the stage, on an
 odd Fellow ’s anniversary occasion, is a pro
 |*cr place lor the discussion of the various
 questions that divide the opinions of men—
 questions concerning w hich men may honest
 ly differ I would draw tut narrow lines. I
 know we have our Garnet, Ward and Bibs;
 but we also have our Douglass and our
 He mono. I bid them all go on in the cause
 of humanity and liberty. And I trust that I
 have none of that ambition, which, when
 shielded belli mi the sanctity of an exclusive
 meeting, urges one to attack the chaiacter and
 impugn the motives of those who will not
 have an opportunity to defend themselves be
 fore the same audience. I submit these re
 marks, in all kindness, fur consideration.”
 The allusion to the names of Doiglass and
 Kemond drew forth the rnoat rapturous ap
 plause.
JP
 'The course of Mr. Peterson oo (hit oeea
 aon did appear to yn«r correspondent mom
 dastardly.
 To tay nothing of the uoratfeam of driv
 elling sway st torn sad their opinions behind
 their backs, and under com of an order of
 arrangements the idea ot one brought up in
 pampered ease, and lounging oo the couch uf
 a salaried office, tUtrmg to misrepresent, ma
 lign, to question the sincerity sod impugn the
 motives of those who hare feh the bed of
 tyranny on their own necks; whose own souls
 hare been pierced with the steel ot oppres
 sion whose own backs bear record of slave
 ry whose nearest and dealest relations are
 now in the bouse of bondage; who are now
 devoting tbeir lives in tbe cause of universal
 fieedom—freedom of body, freedom uf speech,
 freedom of mind who havp been beset by
 mobs and pelted with all kioda of deadly and
 filthy missiles who have transformed them
 selves from chattels to men from physical to
 intellectual men. the men to be
 cautioned against; and those the men to cau
 tion T Header, ponder: ponder did I say? a
 wayfarer, though a fool, may see may run
 and read, that such extia caution and cheap
 philanthropy is gratuitous.
 Those who oppose this movement of giving
 the bible to the slave —who can possess noth
 ing as a slave, and who, if tbe master objects
 not, can be furnished it without this move
 ment, can truly say—
 We speak tbe truth, we will be heard,
 Tliough all creation crack;
 We will not hate a single word,
 Or take a letter bark.
 Wc speak the truth, aod what care we
 For hissing or for scorn,
 Whilst some faint gleaming we can eee
 Of Freedom's coming morn’ 1
 l«t liars fear, let cowards shrink,
 I,ei traitors turn away;
 Whatever we have dared to think,
 That dare we also sa\.
 Yours, for liberty and reform,
 J. C. H.
New York, May Bth, 1849.
 Frederick Douglass: l listened with
 lively interest to the addresses of Mr. Remond
 and yourself last evening, at the Abyssinia
 Church. They refreshed my memory of a
 series of resolutions, which were introduced
 by an humble individual to the last convention,
 called and held in Philadelphia some four, or
 perhaps five, years ago, for the purpose ot
 making some arrangements to elevate our
 selves in the scale of society. But, alas!
 the death of Mr. Paschal, and the want of
 energy of the President appointed to carry
 the resolutions into effect! The great big
 minister of the great big church of Philadel
 phia checked the progress, and put a stop to
 all the efforts contemplated for that good pur
 pose. The plan, first of all, W3s to get the
 pteachers interested in their own and all col
 ored Americans’ improvement. The interfer
 ence of the ministers for rniprovemement was
 objected to by themselves —that is, the minis
 ter who officiated for them. [See the Ele
 vator,” published in Philadelphia, just before
 it stopped.]
 By it the proposal was made that the city
 of Philadelphia be laid off in blocks or wards;
 that each ward establish a society to admit
 every man and woman, irresj»ective of com
 plexion, who would pay one cent per week
 into the treasury, until a sufficient amount was
 raised, to be expended under judicious regu
 lation to obtain the end in view—our liberty.
 Several ward societies were in operation,
 some pamphlets were printed, Ac. Ac. But
 some of the preachers erroneously labored
 under the impression that the popular societies
 detract from the influence of the church,
 shorten their means of support, and give in
 fluence to the*people, which they claim for
 themselves. Hence the whole matter fell
 through. Would some such plan succeed
 better in New York?
 A COLORED AMERICAN.
The Church and the Theatre Hand in j
 Hand.
 The vile and unprincipled practice of!
 etlablishing the Negro Pew in the mis-called’
 Christian Churches of our land, has for years!
 been without a rival.” Especially in our city, j
 the system was so mean, and the act so dis-
 graceful on the part of the church, that the
 more enlightened of our land disdained the;
 act; and, though non-professors of chrisliani-:
 ty, yet the feelings of humanity prompted'
 them to better things. They looked upon this
 pollution and desecration ot God’s sanctuary,
 as unworthy of imitation, or even counte
 nance. Hence they were left alone without
 any consolation, save that to be derived from
 their midst.
 But as misery likes company, they now (in
 our city) have the gratification of knowing
 that the Theatre has come to their assistance,
 thereby ridding them ot a poilion of the shame
 and disgrace which hitherto exclusively be
 longed to them; and have virtually acknowl
 edged a partnership in crime—sharing a por
 tion i f the contempt which uaturally attaches
 itself to such a course. Glorious consolation
 to the church! The partnership alluded to
 on the part of the theatre may be found in
 their several advertisements. In our city it
 reads thus: .4 portion of the Upper Boxes
 have been furnished and set apart for families
 of color
 In this we too plainly see the moral de
 pravity of mail. The theatre, this school of,
 iniquity and scandal, whose corrupting ioflu
 ence, as a canker, lay* bold upon the young
 and thoughtless of our land, infusing, as it
 were, into their very natures, the seeds of
 misery and death, has dared, in connection
 with its other vices, to adopt the scheme of
 colonizing into a Negro pew or box, any col
 ored man who by chance may be silly enough
 to be found visiting it. And the greatest
 cause for regret in this matter is, that iheie;
 are some so wilfully blinded, and so lost to
 every interest of ibeir own, as to continue
 visiting those haunts of wickedness, amid the
 proscription and abuse continually heaped up
 on them. And to my nuod it is a settled
 principle that so long as we as colored people
 continue to disgrace ourselves by submitting
 to such vile abuse, just so long will the heel
 of prejudice bear hard upon our necks. And
 for us to undertake to repel or ward off the
 brutal assaults of our oppressors by day,
 while at night we tamely subnut ourselves to
 be made the willing subjects of tbeir ridicule,
 is worse than hypocrisy.”
 But, if we would be men, let us dmeurd
 oppressioqjuf every kind, and especially that
 kind which find* its hone in such dens of pol
\-7 jt w
 luboo aa theotrm generally are. “It it enow
 enough for at to he found guilty ef vmtiitg
 such places, without tbe additional dfofrace
 of submitting ourselves to he made the ob
 jects of their derision.”
 KAket, let us avoid attending such places
 altogether. There »no aeuut! good to be
 derived float them; that doors are hot tbe
 entrance to seenee of dnsipetioa tad vice,
 while their tendencies ere demoralising end
 base. In view of this then let every colored
 men io the country turn with disgust from
 such pieces, sod leave them with their eaties
 end Negro boxes to become ludicrous at their
 own expense. GEORGE WEIR, Je.
 BirrALO, May 14, 1849.
Front oar owe Correspondent.
 London, 90th April, 1849.
 In the lengthened interval that hat elapsed
 since I lest wrote, so many events have oc
 curred that 1 can attempt to do no more than
 give you a brief summary of them. At the
 conclusion of the armistice with Austria,
 Charles Albert, Kiog of Sardinia, re-open
 ed the war; and, with, a Polish general of
 most unpronounceable name—to wit: Cbbza
 nowski —in command of the anny, commenced
 hostilities. In less than forty-eight hours
 from the time of doing so, the old Austrian
 Marshal, Radetzky, had effected an undis
 puted passage of the frontier river, the Ta
 etno; had gained a decisive victory at Novara,
 in which the personal courage of the Kiog
 and his sons at the head of the Piedmontese,
 wad quite insufficient to stimulate the coward
 ly hordes from Lombardy beyond the passive
 spectatorship of a fight, in which the liberty
 of their own conntry depended; and was final
 ly in full inarch on the Capital. All hope
 withered, Charles Albert turned and fled—
 having first abdicated in favor of his son, the
 Duke of Savoy, now Victor Emmanuel.
 He is now in France. The young King lost
 no time in making terms with the Austrians,
 who were very reasonable, and have behaved,
 on the whole, very well. He is to pay them
 a good round contribution, reduce his army,
 and just be quiet; and they leave him his do
 minions intact, and evacuate them speedily.
 With these terms, however, the radical party
 at Genoa are so dissatisfied that they have
 raised a revolt, and the young King is engaged
 in bombarding the superb city into submis
 sion.
The news from Hungary is very uncertain;
 it is, however, pretty evident that the cause
 of the Magyars is not so desperate as some
 time since it appeared to be.
 The resumption of hostilities between Den
 mark and Germany has been signalized by a
 terrible catastrophe. In an attack upon some
 small shore batteries, mounting very few* guns,
 a Danish line of battle ship ran agronnd,
 when the Germans so mercilessly fired at the
 helplessly stranded leviathan that she was
 compelled to strike, as was also a frigate
 attempting to assist her. When, however,
 she had surrendered, all was not over, for,
 from some unexplained cause, the magazine
 exploded and launched the two hundred men
 aboard of her into eternity. The Germans
 are exulting over the affair as a national tri
 umph, while, on the other hand, the Danes
 lament it as a cruel misfortune, the memory
 of which they would fain bury in the fame of
 some future exploit. On both sides the war
 is carried on with the greatest bitterness an
 excited national feeling always induces.
 Napoleon Bonaparte, son of Jerome,
 has been appointed ambassador of the French
 Republic to Madrid, and been received there
 with the most distinguished consideration.
 A good deal of merriment has been excited
 on this side of the channel, at the spectacle of
 some five hundred of our countrymen who,
 taking advantage of a cheap trip proposed du
 ring the Easter holidays, started for Paris,
 without being accredited or deputed in any
 way to return the visit the National Guard,
 some lime since, paid to this country. The
 exceedingly kindly feeling displayed by the
 French, and their profuse hospitality, have
 induced some regret that means had not been
 I taken that the expedition should have consist
 ed of a somewhat fairer sample of English
 men than those who actually constituted it.
 Nothing could have been kinder or more
 J graceful than the attention the French lavish
 (ed on the strangers. At a great assembly
 given by the Prefect of the Seine, “God
 save the Queen was played, and was follow
 ed by “Rule Britannia.” Even you Yan
 kees, on a similar occasion, could not have
 stretched your complaisance so far.
 The mail from India brings the intelligence
 that Lord Gough has at length gained a com
 plete and decisive victory over the Sikhs on
 the field of Goojerat, capturing 53 pieces of
 cannon out of 60. Very tiifling loss was sus
 tained on our side. The enemy were negoti
 ating, and would probably make an almost
 unconditional surrender.
 Jenny Lind, the almost peerless vocalist of
 the age, is at length really married, and feli
 citations on the event are going the round ol
 all the papers. Her husband is said to be a
 l distant relative of the Bishop of Norwich,
 and in this may be seetvthe clue to a circnm
 stance which caused no little upstir at the
 time it occurred —the appropriation by his
 lordship uf a portion of tbe palace at Norwich
 for the reception of the fair singer, when on a
 professional visit to that city.
 The weather here has been tbe most extra
 ordinary kuown for many years. We have
 had a succession of hard frosts, and some of
 the midland counties are covered deeply with
 the snow which has been falling, with but
 slight intermissions, for the last three day*.'
 All the fruit in bloom is do ikmbt destroyed.
 Serious apprehensions are beginning to be en
 (tenanted for many other crops. S. P. Q. R.
Singular Amit.—Mr. Gallot, a respec
 table dry goods merchant at New Orleans,
 himself worth some $85,000, married Mias
 Eliae Clement, who arrived from Fraooe with
 her mother and sister some three or four
 months since, it was reported that they
 brought 50,000 franca in gold, and had depos
 ited it with Mr. Hagan, whose note for
 $lO,OOO they exhibited. The morning of the
 marriage the bride gave her husband a note
 on demand for $lO,OOO, purporting to he
 signed by A. Mkhond which he deposited
 with a broker for collection, directing a re
 mittance of the proceeds to him at New York,
 and then started on his bridal tour. Both
 notes were forgeries, and all the money deal
 ings Mr. Hagan ever had with Mas Clement
 was to give her $5 to get rid of her taapoi tu
 nny for pecuniary sssiaince. This a alto
 gether the wont marrying for money scrape
 on record.
To make a man oOigMs in the Legislature
 of South Carolina, be must owa 600 acres ef
 land and 10 negrou.
Tire correspondent of tbe Drily New* dew
 mbos a rail he bad paid to the many womß,
 dark, damp dungeons oi the iaquiutraw. The
 building is out of tbe bealoo track, bem, i.
 *o*t of col de sac behind St. Peter's. The
 dungeons, and all tbeir apparatus, are to he
 thrown open to tbe inspection of tbe public,
 •fid will furnish a sight not likely to recom
 mend priestly rale to tbe people. The corren
 poodeot says.—
 Tbe officer in charge led me down to where
 tbe men were digging in tbe vaults below;
 they had cleared a downward flight of steps,
 which was choked op with old rubbish, and
 bad come to a senes of dungeons under tbe
 vaults deeper still, and which immediately
 brought to mind prisions of tbe Doge under
 Urn canal of tbe Bridge of Sighs at Venice,
 only that here there was a surprising Hor
 ror.
 1 aaw imbedded in old masonry, uiwymmet
 ijcalljr arranged, fire skeletons in various re
 cesses, aad the clearance had only just begun;
 the period of their insertion in this spot most
 have been more than a century and a half.
 From another vault full of skulls and scattered
 human remains there was a ahatt about four
 feet square ascending perpendicularly to tbe
 first floor of tbe building, and coding in a pas
 sage of the hall of the chancery, where a trap
 door lay between the tribunal aod the way in
 to a suite of rooms destined for one of the offi
 cials. The object of this shaft could admit of
 bat one surmise. The ground of the vault
 was made up of decayed animal matter, a
 lump of which held imbedded in it a long silk
 en lock of hair, as I found by personal exami
 nation as it was shovelled up from below.
 But that is not all:—there are two large sub
 terranean lime kilns, if I may so call them,
 shaped like a beehive io masonary, filled with
 layers of calcined bones, forming the substrat
 um of two other chambers on ihe ground floor
 in the immediate vicinity of the very mysteri
 ous shaft above mentioned. (It must be re
 membered that of late the power of the Holy
 Inquisition, even in Rome, was greatly fallen
 from its former high estate).
The Underground Lake on the Central
 Railroad. —A short distance beyond Niles,
 on the Central Railroad, is this underground
 lake, of which we gave a description at the
 time the filling was going on. Travellers in
 passing over the embankment, since the road
 has been finished to New Buffalo, are gener
 ally anxious to take a look at the singular
 place, and by tbe more timid and supersti
 tious some fears are entertained that all is not
 yet safe, and another “cave in” may take
 place. VVe crossed the spot last week, and,
 from appearance, should judge that the em
 bankment would settle but very little here
 after. Since the heavy T rail lias been laid
 down, immense heavy trains of freight and
 passenger cars have passed over the road, and
 the ground at this point, about the centre of
 the lake, has settled about two feet. The
 earth, for a great distance around, retains ev
 idences of the convulsions caused by the sink
 ing of the embankment. The ground, orcrust
 is heaved up and cracked open in every di
 rection, and in some places the cracks are
 over eight feet wide. The company have
 expended a large sum of money in carrying
 out the original design of crossing at this
 point, the exact amount of which it is impos
 sible to arrive at, but it is probable $50,000.
 —Detroit Free Press.
A Doomed City. —Amongst the many
 events of the past week of a sad interest, not
 the least important is the frightful news
 from New Orleans of the crevassees or breach
 es made in the levee, by the uprising of the
 Mississippi river. Telegraphic news from
 Baltimore, of the 18th of May, is of a discour
 aging character, it being asserted that all ef
 forts were unavailing to stop the torrents of
 water pouring into the city. The Dry
 ades street market is surrounded by water, al
 so Bach us, Benton, White and Hercules
 streets are covered, and the water was ap-
 6 reaching the back streams of the Layfayette.
 luch interest is felt for further intelligence
 from New Orleans.
A Country Election forty years Since.
 —One of Burdett’s contests for Middlesex
 coßt him no less than 100,000, said to be
 the entire foitune of his wife, Miss Coutts.
 1 forget whether it was his contest with-Main
 waring, or subsequently with Mellish. In the
 last instance he was beaten, being returned
 afterwards for Westminster. It is difficult to
 believe the tumult of the old Westminster
 elections, yet those of London and Westmins
 ter were pure to what they were in the count
 ry. 1 knew a baronet who returned five mem
 bers besides himself, i knew that baronet to
 remain plying a voter with wine himself for
 twenty-four hours previously to the man be
 ing taken up drunk to the hustings. I knew
 a case in a borough where there were only 25
 corporation voters, equally divided, save the
 casting vote, between two peers. The sum
 of 10,000 was offered for the casting vote
 by one of those peers, and singular to say,
 refused by a shopkeeper alderman, not at all
 too opulent. So much for its having been a
 breach of privilege for peers to interfere in
 elections! In the present case one of the
 peers secured both members. Well,” said
 1, that was nobly done.” Yes, and his
 lordship never forgot the obligation. Look at
 his sons—two pushed up in the navy, one in
 the customs, and another in the army Such
 was the system in those days. That boiough,
 which then had only 25 corporation voters,
 has now 700 household voters, among 10,000
 inhabitants. This is a change for the better.
 —^Reminiscences of a Literary Man in Jer~.
 raid's Weekly News.
The Human Form. Persons with an
 ample chest (says the Boston Olive Branch)
 always, barring accidents, live longer than
 those with narrow chests. They never die
 with consumption, the most fatal disease of
 our land but persons with contracted chests
 furnish the whole of the vast multitude who
 perish by that insidious but fatal disease.
 And yet with this medical fact staring them
 in the face, a large number of the fairer por
 tion of our race prepare themselves to die ol
 consumption, by the foolish practice ot tight
 lacing. This does not add to their beauty,
 but makes them actually deformed but the
 tyrant, fashion, urges them on to their ruin.
 We copy from Morris and Willis’ Home
 Journal:
 Size of the Female Waist.—Women
 ought to measure twenty-seven to twenty-nine
 inches around the waist, but most females do
 not permit themselves to grow beyond twen
 ty-four. Thousands are laced to twenty-one—
 some of them less than twenty; and thns by
 whalebone, wood and steel, the waist is re
 duced to half its proper arie.”
A P ocular Preacher.— A short time ago,
 one of the self elected class of divines, who
 are not in common excessively college bred,
 was holding forth to his .congregation upon a
 subject well calculated to arouse the attention
 of incorrigible hearts. After Waring away
 with th» subject, uaul h# had rendered Pan
 demonium as hat a* Vesuvius, and at black as
 Milton’s Satan, be founded a sublime perora
 tion with the following aemom* —‘‘Now,
 hearken, ye sinners! I tell ye that yeTl all go
 lob l, assure as I’ll eaich that fly on the
 Bible;” at the same ume muking a determin
 ed sweep with lui palm acrusn ihs mcred
 page, to capture the lihsmimr tease*, lie
 then proceeded to open h» eknehad fiat, fing
 er. after finger, uoul the last digit was re
 leased, butbeliolJ,the poot iyhad eluded his
 grasp. Looking m«s« e]fohiim-
 turn'd him'—there’,
 a chaner foe yon yth yn ragmuAini
MED
OaihtthhiL.u ds Msidaem at hw Usr a
 in rmdmd, M. Cnosweu,
 «l*d M yum, 4 mouth* W days.
6omtnmial
*acn&gt;»TZft. Ray IMS.
 He —fat i* near% 4*. Ttm mtMft*
 arrivals ekkr by mti ar aragaaa, and
 prirr nmiiw lw qu°*rd- A nip of 17* t*k
 6aw ftwr km —A juuiiJm m f 3. Cm b
 apt wn» -Wf freely mMe per In. Tie
 prkcafiAerMitrbeili faaad ie the table bn-
 Im.
 Ftlican we scarce Md hews we rapidfr friag
leeknter Wlelmlc Pntn Cum*.
 FIjOUR a«© MEAL—DutyBf exlnl
 fW.pMI 7 4 wm* 25
 Cura meal, F hmA AS •90
 PROVISIONS. —Lfeay ;Beef,Pork,Hato*, Bacon,
 Better aad Lard,» Fe; Cheese 9T ead eel
 pork, (eat) .1106• 1!
 Do.mfag SiM
 Beef, cert. 4SO 0 SO#
 Do. bbL (wen) 700 800
 I*rd (tried) V* 01
 ifa&lt;faO
 Haw, (unified) 8
 Shoulders, do. S 5*
 TerkcjnfS #4
 Chickens Si
 Potatoes, bush. SS S S2|
 GRAIN —Doty 20 E c ad vai
 Wbent, bush 1 08
 Cere S 44
 Rye S SS
 Oats
 Barley 50..53
 HIDES—Dety; 5 p r oi vxl.
 Slaughter 3|
 Calf ..tO
 Sheep Peka |4O 73
 SEEDS—Doty; Linseed Wf e; Nataidßf
 cadval
 Clover 375 500
 Timothy 1560 R 3 00
 Flu 1 00
 FlSH—Duty on foreign 20 If e ad vai
 Wbitrfahbhl 6 SO
 Codfish cwt 3 25
 SUNDRIES—
 Safa, F bbl 1 06
 Apples, F 1*“ 50
 Do. dried bush. 0.. 62}
 Eggs, Fdoz 9
 Beans, F bush 0 62
 Hay, F‘no 700 0 II 00
 Hard wood 3 00
 Soft Wood 111
JOB PRINTING.
 THE NORTH STAR OFFICE, is furnished
 with new Job Type, for the execution of every
 description of Printing with neatness and despatch*,
 at the lowest prices for cash, viz:
 Hand-bills, Blanks, Bill-heads,
 Programmes, Circular*, Bills of lading,
 Pamphlets, Cards, Labels, Ac.
Narrative of the life of Freder
 ick DOUGLASS, written by himself, to be
 had at this office, price 30 cents.
Antislavery office and Healing Roob,
 No. 23 Bufalo St. Rochester, opposite the Arcade.
 THIS office has been newly blocked with the
 latest and best works on slavery and other moral
 questions. Among them are the Young Abolitionist
 —Poverty its illegal causes and legal cure—The
 Power of Kindness—The Branded Hand—History
 of the Mexican war—Theodore Parker’s Ser
 mon pnJ.Q. Adams—do on the Mexicau war—
 do his letters to the People of the United States—
 The Church as it is or the Forlorn hope of Slavery
 —Despotism in America, and Archy Moore.
 I intend to have in connection with office a Cir
 culating Library, as soon as I can get a sufficient
 number of useful and instructive books of a moral
 and scientific character.
 JOHN S. JACOBS.-
Aaylura for the Sick who have been con*
 fined to their beds from 1 to 20 years.
 DR. HAMILTON’S Hydropathic and Anya lytic
 Asylum, No 217 Exchange Street, opposite the
 Orphan Asylum, Rochester, N.Y. This Institution
 is now firmly established and in successful opera
 tion. The proprietor eaalysee every disease that is
 admitted there,and applies the uateral and appro-!
 priate remedy Although water is need hi every way 1
 that is applied in any water-cure establishment in|
 the United States, yet the proprietor wishes it to be
 expressly anderstood that it u not relied on as the only
 or principal temedy in the treatment of disease sub
 mitted to his care.
 This Establishment is designed for that class of
 invaKda who have failed to obtain their health by all
 other systems of practice, and are still unable to
 walk or stand on they feet, and are confined to their
 oeds, wearing out a tffe of misery and suffering with
 qut any hope of ever being any better.
 The remedies made use of in this Institution not
 only entirely remove disease hut give increased
 strength and elasticity to the system. Many have
 been brought here from different parts of the coun
 try, who had neither walked or borne their weight
 on their feet from five to fifteen yean; and some
 who have been unable to dress or undress, or even
 to feed themselves, and in the course of a few weeks
 would be walking with the elasticity of youth and
 the quickness of a pedestrian, astonished at them
 selves, and surprising their friends and all who saw
 them when they first came. The treatment of this
 Institution is particularly calculated to remove the
 diseases peculiar to females, such as
 Ist. The falling of the Womb, in all its stages
 and conditions in patients, from twelve years of age
 up to sixty, and even if they have been confined to
 their beds from one to twenty, uoable to stand, walk,
 dress, or undies* themselves, or even too feeble to
 bear anv noise or speak aloud.
 2d. Weakness and Falling of the Bowels; Pain
 in the Side, Shoulders, Back and Head* Spinal
 Diseases, Liver Complaints, Sinking Sensation at
 the Stomach, Palpitation of the Heart, Dyspepsia
 in all its forms and stages, Piles, f'ostiveness, Di
 arrhoea, Suppression of the Menses, Excessive
 Menstruation, Whites, all Nervous Diseases, Cold
 Feet and Hands, St. Anthony’s Dance, Tetters of
 all kinds, Safa Rheum, in its worst forms, Neural
 gia, Tic Douloureux, Rheumatism, Consuraptiod in
 its first stages, General Weakness and Debility.
 The proprietor has given his whole attention to
 the above diseases fir the last t en years, aad has
 treated them in an entirely different way from any
 other private net ice or public Institution in this
 country; and such has been his success, aad so cer
 tain ate lua remedies in their effects on those dis
 eases, that instead of publishing n long list of cer
 tified cures, he wishes to give that class of invalids
 seeking to obtain their health a sufficient guarantee
 against nay false pretensions, exaggeration, impo
 sition or deception, so that no one need he to any
 expense in fits Institution without being benefited.
 The proprietor will cuter into a special contract
 with any one who wishes to do so, that be will ad
 mit into the Institution, to advance the money and
 pay all the expenses from any part of the United
 States here and back home again, before he com
 mence# the treatment, aad give a bond to hoard them,
 together with bis professional services, fir nothing,
 if he does not help them according to contract. Anv
 one thinking the above proposition not a -|lirTr ~t
 guarantee against mtsteptrse stations aad expense
 without nceiviag equal benefit, can Im the proprie
 tor know what will be satiifartsry, aad it shall he
 duly corsidered.
 This Institution has grown up from private prac
 tice fay the influence of those who have hern helped
 here, as nothing has ever been publishtH befit*;
 aad the proprietor mesas that it shnfi sustain had.
 by iu own merits, or pay the expanse of these who
 choose to ssulte a contract m ease of failure. The
 design of this Cinwtor is not to make known the
 ernes that have been made ia this institution, hi rmm
 they must soon be believed; but to let it he saw*
 extensively known la the poor suffering invalids
 that have spent faa finds of dollars ia trying MI
 other systems sfpraetsce, and without much or any
 benefit, aad rtiS remain confined to their bods from
 five to twenty years, that there is aa Institution
 phase utatmeut m dsfieteat firum aof other one the
 Unhad Stole*, and is paeviewferiy adapted to their
 situation, aad eaa have k east thrmwvhme sales*
 U*v are amterieiiy hmwfitod. j
 From the nature of treatment in duo Imtkntioa,
 fie aaafier of patientsihm he limitod, ffietvfire (he
 pnmtenr doesoot saßctf fie patronage *f slight and
 ordinary amu which —yfa **sifa helped by other
 to gst wdnj"S S Stag
 mifis at a lima, and fcffaw k up daysftar fiy m
 —r rinse and aim witting to ho madoaUeto en
 ds* a* mack labor aad fiuigao aa atest of people
 fiat sal fiaaww wed, so ho mb fiat every
 lnmLntioT «h*l Wm Wfifak
 ersssod strength, rlostirity of motion, ffinwaow of
 ay*, fdamßi^Mdjs^aoywl
 ed of| organised wad
 fc Afa to Dr. THOMAS
 HAIfILTON,JI»nh»Wsr, part paid,jail^meeker
 gsng*nsr ssrg
Wald a* Mtirr
 TORN KEDEIE having choagad his pmrttwrfirp
 North to No. 11, Stole Street, nfiMZ h* JWfiurofi j
 mrrnrfi M to rwmpato ia fie oils of aa swtir* twvr
 Stock of Goads, waiung of Gold aad Silver
 Got?Gantd aad Fah Chains, Gold Sank and Keys,
 aad
 Gold Em Rings, Bracelets, aad Fiwgrv Hup a
 good aaaartmam, chasm; a variety of La diet’ aad
 ucathaii*i Brian Fuss, new ndr; doable aad
 iiiMflr Hunting gold oad platod Lockets, Gold Feao,
 1 f. L J f..
 OFT* QffiffiWiTp ffi—l m-fßtoDtlP mffifl
 Fiat Catlery, Ac. Ac.
 The above and other desirablo Good*
 porrhaamg elsewhere ia
 Wo mmsafaßaa* aad keep oa hand a good assert
 moat of Stiver Spocsa, warranted a* pure as Ame-
 Wii aha keep aa stinifist of Aoourdsom and
 other Musical Instrument), which ail he sold very
 low.
 Wo intend to keep a good oMnitmaat of the best
 Brin Eight day, 1# hoar, sad shram Cladu.ascaa
 ho found ia this city.—Call aad sea them.
 WATCH REPAIRING, fekhfcMy done mad war
 ranted by aa experienced workman.
 Farther particulars at No. 11 Stan Street.
 J. KEDZIE A Co.
 P. g.—To the Farasero to particular we would
 give notice, fiat we have a variety of Barometers
 which srill give that knowledge of the changes of the
 weather, eo as to be able to adopt bis business to its
 variations. Pis &lt;se call aad exaauae them, as ever*
 maa ought to ha c one.
 Sep. 15,1£48. ato.
DR. A. CLARK,
 DENTAL SURGEON#
 Iwaald reapectfoiy iafaws the ckieeas of Rochester
 aad aarrooudiug couatry, fiat 1 hove removed my
 office from No. 89 Smith’s Arcade to nay dwelling
 home No. 92Monroe Street.
 lhankfhl lor past fhvon in fie line’of my profes
 siea, aad fiattenag myself that I can give perfect
 satisfaction to all who may favor me with their pa
 tronage. I would invite all those who are de
 sirous of having operations performed on the teeth or
 of having teeth inserted to call on me and satisfy
 themselves.
 A. CLARK.
 N. B. All operations performed by me on the
 teeth aad Plate Work warranted.
 Rochester, Oct. 13, 1848. tf.
 ApmM’s Fateit Wiiltw-Sash Lock.
 rllS article, designed as a fastener for windows,
 ia the most desirable thing of the kind ever iu-
 meets with universal favor wherever
 known. All who examine the Lock admire its
 simplicity ami adaptedness to the porpoee intended.
 The object of this advertisement being to call the
 attention of the public to an examination of its
 merits, the patentee will substitute for any descrip
 tion or endorsement of his own, the following cer
 tificate signed by the Mayor and Postmaster of
 Rochester, the First Judge of £fonroe County, the
 various hardware merchants, and other scientific
 and business men of Rochester:
 CERTIFICATE.
 Rochester, Nov. 29, 1848.
 We, the undersigned, citizens of Rochester, be
 ing acquainted with the Window Sash la&gt;ck re
 cently invented by Mr. Win. E. Arnold, of’ this
 city, take pleasure id recommending it totlie public,
 it being, in our opinion, decidedly preferable to any
 other we have ever seen. The principle on which
 it operates appears to be correct. The bolt moves
 by its own weight and yet lies horizontal or nearly
 so, —is only enclosed by a box of Russia sheet-iron,
 forming a perfect Window Fastener, holding the
 window up or down, without the aid of a spring or
 screw. It is adapted to any common sized sash,
 and when put tn, which is very quick awl easily
 done, has uo appearance of ever getting out of or
 der, and works with the most perfect ease. The
 difficulties which necessarily arise from springs, and
 also those that have heretofore been made to move
 by their own weight, being entirely obviated in
 this. It only needs to be known to go into general
 use.
 PG Buchan, L A Ward, Darius Perrin,
 Ebenezer Watts James P Fogg Duree Forsyth
 E F Church, A S Alexander, A K Amsden,
 Wm Bushnell, J Hayes, S Moses,
 W W Bryan, R*S Crampton J Alexander,
 J C Child, R Dibble, Henry Searl,
 Wm M Sloane, W Longworthy, Lemuel Clarke,
 Isaac Butts, A Mann, A Strong,
 Elliott A Fitch, J E Cbeenev, T» K Watson,
 Rufus Keeler, S Richard- Velite,
 L Ward Smith Samuel MiU. i, t. »v i
 Hiram C Smith, H Suggel, H Hunter,
 CetificatPß from D. C. McCulss and Henry
 Searl, Distinguished Architects.
 The tndersighned would represent, that for the
 last for the last 15 years he has been familiar with
 the various kinds of window fastenings which have
 been from time to time invented, all of which have
 been imperfect in some particular. I have recently
 examined and tested a window fastener invented by
 Wm. E. Arnold, of this city, which for ease of at
 tachment, durability, economy, and adaptation to
 the purpose, exceeds anything of the kind which
 has come under my notice. D. C. M’CaLIVN.
 Rochester, April 36,1849.
 Having examined the Sash Lock recently patent
 ed by Wm, E. Arnold, of this city, I gave it as
 my opinion, that it possesses qualities that renders
 it far superior to any thing of the kind that I have
 yet seen, and that it will so recommend itself to the
 public ami that it will go into general use.
 Henry Searl, Architect.
 Rochester, May, 1840.
1 06
 50
AUBURN aad ROCHESTER
 RAIL-ROAD.
 /IHANGE IN TIME.—The trains will commence
 v to leave Rochester to-day at the following time
 Eastward—et 1 a. *.,B| a. m., 1 r. m. 7|r.M.
 Westward—at 4i a. m., 9 a. a., 2j r. m. 7 r.m.
 Rochester, December 5,1848.
 “Every M»b his bwb Physieitß,”
 THE HOME DOCTOR.
 JUST PUBLISHED, a new ami vahuble book
 for every family is the country, and one that may
 be consulted wifi perfect safety. As it* title page
 indicates, it is “THE HOME DOCTOR, or Family
 Manual, giving the causes, symptoms and treatment
 of Diseases; with an account of the system while in
 health, amd rules for preserving ilutt state. Appen
 ded to which are recipes for making various medi
 cines and articles for diet for the sick room. The
 whole written for general use ami daily practice, by
 John B. New non, M. D.”
 Abo, accompanying this hook, or separate, is
 “THE HERB BOOK, a book devoted exclusively
 to Herbs, giving their names, varieties,description,
 medical properties and doses, ase, time of gathering,
 aad many oilier direction* very useful for every fam
 ily to know, and written expressly for family use.”
 The Herb Book is devoted solely to Popular Mrd
 cal Batmy, aad will furnish on that point all the
 desired information wanted for general use.”
 The two books are pat up aad bound together aad
 contain 309 pages, price 25 cents, or sold separate
 at 12j cents.
 The symptoms of each disease are rawfaUf given,
 so timi owe may be recognised from another, to pre
 vent practising ia (he dark; also the treatment, a
 sketch of general physiology, and rales for keeping
 in health, together with observations on their causes,
 means of avoiding deleterious influence*, and such
 other remark* as are deemed appropriate, for both
 male aad female.
 The hook has bees written wifi great cam, ie a
 plain, simple, at mew irnsc style easily to be un
 ffir* 1 fay every «nos, and by a practical physi
 cian aad a thorough botanist. We can rernasmend
 it wifi entire cnafldeace, an be mg a work superior
 in *1 raanret* in any other book of the kind ever
 pushed at the price.
 Families i* fie mantra, aad especially those Bv
 tag in new f metric* end enkralfiy climate*, should
 aot fail in procure a eapy aad have it at afa times at
 hand, in eeee of sick eras ee they might thereby by
 sow ssssple remedy rare en etpaeristand protrae
 ted doctors bit. whether wefl or sick, sack a book
 should he ia every home as e safe and am* advisor
 m urn* of as*d, fie direction give* far person* m
 has fab wet he to* strictly attended in by afl.
 The pri*o at winch fie beak is esld is a* few that
 troy family may have espy, end none should be
 wirimt it.
 The beak hi pat ap m Paper bending, aad am
 easily be seat by maul. Pontage ooiy if cents to say
 part of fie Lasted States.
 comes sent hem fna gfjastegr.
 Head ia yaar orders*, liters is an risk ia sending
 ■maty by seed, it a—e to ns drily, aad fie beaks
 ahmm reach these destmntien.
 ds£ThTtedhavefam be^BMto
 WANTED—Afnneia meet of fie Hbateeleaeß
 owned to (hear doom. A mmlewmsiaf inm tffi
 »n»av—
 "■l£ai qgo w7m:iEn.
 Afmll.UMt. tfirheap n. ntr.rT.Y
 GENTEEL BOARRING HOUSRr
 f«AMJSB fqfl|liOATE,wmfi| raepwtfafly fate
 V farm kaa frmads wd fie pafahe, timt ke eonsmues
 to devorn every amwriwie fieao plewnul w fls*f
TkBMMCMTBffitf ffiffi,
 f At N§ 48 &amp;tingt Nrrwv Lfifir.
 T LOYD SCOTT, aratofil far tba patronage
 Ida warded has, wstoM raipretls#) infirm bri
 tricml* and th* paktig ffpanraßy, that hr fan* rmpash
 anti Chfliisnv" New ami
 sLwmi femd aneata- In afilkfoa to this hmt
 ma he w,N
 tow. Bosks. Jewvlry, Fane, artwfes. Mefiamesf
 jutogi rbi m rlihirl tMßhmmmi*. sffid ill ttioße*
 rarioa* odds aad cads” #f which may not be
 raadih obramml at other placw.
 to. Imp The OH Cwrwwty Step” w*
 with aa ewdlras varietv af artkka far arhteh be w*H
 pav WwraHv and dtspoer of at satisfactory prwto,
 Clotbiag repaired aad iwwritel with aeatars*
 aad despatch.
 Dawt forget The Oil rmwrity Step
 fertmrv March IMP.
&lt;*rti4 fel#hrttt««,—
 Arbbrl JiWm,
 r T HK Anniversary of West India Emaneipaihte,
 1 will be celebrated at fie city of Baffida, oa the
 First day of Aur»«t next. Gram) aad extensive
 faaparatMNH are being made to atake it one of fie
 most brilliant affairs upon record. A general in
 vitation ia given to all Freedom’s Friends through
 out the State aad else where.
 Come one! come all*
 GEORGE WEIR. J a.,
 See’y of Committee if A
 Ceairtl trail 4&gt;lekraliffi. Frtf-
 IBM’s Alllll JlMkfi
 THE Anniversary of West India Emanrqaition
 JL will be celebrated in the city of Auburn, on fie
 First day of August next. Extensive preparations
 are beiag made to make it one of the most brilliant
 affairs upon record A general invitation is given
 to all Freedom’s Friends throughout the State and
 elsewhere. Come obi and young? route one, come
 all. J- W. QUINCY,
 Bec. of Com. of Arrangments.
 Mav 11, 1849.
BOSTOY ADYERTINGMESTR.
 HOME FOR RF.FORMERS.
 THE subscriber has removed to that neat, conve
 nient, and central boarding-bolter, No. 2| Centre
 Court, where he will he most ha|tpy to welcome some
 of the Friends of Reform, at iTasmi.ible charges.—
 He wishes his house to be the central place tu Bo\
 ton, where the friends of Tenqu‘rance, Pence, Purity
 Freedom, the Prisoner, Ac.,may meet t,tgether,a—
 enjoy a comfortable anti quiet hotnr.
 Central Court oiteiw at 2JSS Washingtiui street.
 JOHN M. SPEAR.
 Boston, Aug, 21, 1818.
 THOMAS P. SMITH, No. IM. Brattle Street
 sign of the Golden Ball. New anti Seeoud
 hand Clothing Store.
 The Massaehßsetts Quarterly Re vie*,
 (COMMENCED ot, the first of IVcember, 1847,
 J to he continued ou tlte bt of March, June, and
 and September. It will lie tievoted to the interest
 of no party or rlass, but it* ioiHhtrtor* will endea
 vor to present an open ami fair ti&lt; M for the notice
 ami discus&gt;ion of matters |ieitaiiong to Philosophy,
 Politics, Literature, Religion, ami Huinaiutv.
 The Reviety will lie comlm ted by R. W. Emer
 son, Theodote Parker, ami J. Elliot Cahot, assisted
 by several other gentlemen.
 Each number Will contain aUnit 125 pages, at the
 price of $3 a year, in advance.
 Communications, sulwcriptiotie, Ac should lie
 addressed to the Publishers,
 COOLIIXiF. A WILEY,
 12, Water Street, Bo.tmi
ROBERT MORRIS, Jh., Attorney and Conn
 sellor at Law, Hrazer’s Building, State Slrerl
 Boston.
JOHN D. REVALEON, Hair Cutting Saloo
 and Perfumery Etnporiuut, 114, Black»toue-»
NEW YORK ADVERTISEMENTS.
ELLIS A. POTTER’S Ready Made Clothing
 Store, 91 Canal Street, between Church Street
 and West Broadwav, New York. Alan—A Gen
 eral Assortment of rientlemen’s Furnishing Atticle s,
 constantly on hand.
 May 18, 1849.
 JUST PUBLISHED, and for safe at the office of
 of the Anti Slavery Standard—
 The Legion of Liberty, and Force of Truth, lOtb
 i edition.
 1 This work contains about 230 |»age» of cloee
 reading; 300 eminent authorities, and aliout sixty
 illustrative engravings. Price 37 j ct*. in muslin,
 and 25 cents in paper covers. A vet v liberal dis
 count to those who purcliase a number of copies.
 The Condition, Influence, Rights, and Appeal of
 Women,from various authors, 12 j cents.
 Letter to the People of the United States, touching
 the Matter of Slavery. By Theodore Parker.—«
 pp. 120. Price 181 cents.
 Wm. W. Brown’s Lecture before the Female A S.
 Society of Salem, Mass. Reported by 11. M.
 Parkh*trst, Boston.—pp. 22. Price 5 cents.
t’olorel Sartors’ How,
 330, Pearl Street, New York.
 FRIENDS of the »lave, and stranger* on a visit
 to New York, can now he accommodated with
 a* good Board, ami at a* low a price a* in any other
 houae in the city. Tin* house is large and con
 venient will hold comfortably seveuty person
 Families can have private room*, and every atten
 tion paid to their comfoit. WM. P. POWF.LL.
 May 11, 1849.
 DR. J. M’CUNE SMITH, 93, West Brond
 way.
 MRS- PETTIT woukl respectfully inform her
 Friends and the Public, that she* has removed
 from 150 to a commodious home No. 16.2, Church
 Street, where she will continue to enterta'n respect
 able colored person* with Board and Lodging.
 New York, May 11, 1849.
PHILADELPHIA ADVERTISER!'T*.
 CtNral lilciliftac* tin.
 GEO. W fiOI.XES having npmrd an Establish
 ment at the Ph if. a DM. phi A I its river p.
 Lomhturd Street, above Seventh, for the purpose ol
 procuring honest and £aithlui domestics k thriw
 who may ropiire them, and obtaining places for
 such as are qualified and in want thereof, begs leave
 to refer to the fellow mg named gentlemen, who Im »r
 kindly permitted the use of their names as
 ar.PKKp.scRA:
 Andrew M'Makia Editor of the American Courier
 Robert Morris, Editor of’ the Inquirer
 Jasper llarding, Publisher of the inquirer
 Charles J. Peterson, Editor of Neal's (iaieiie
 Thos. B. Florence, Editor of Times and Keystone
 Robert llowell, f'besom Street
 Hilliam J. Mullen, 278, Catherine Street.
 Philadelphia, Sept. 1, 1848. ly—M.
 DR. D. J. PECK, Physician and Surgeon, Phi
 ladeiphia Institute, Lombard Street, above
 Seventh. ly—Sli
FREE PRODUCE STORE.
 NEW GOODS jn*t retired. General reduction
 ia prices.
 Fine 4-4 Prim*, various style*.
 New styles of Prints of medium quality,asaal width.
 Fine aad wide Paper Maslin*. A (no Chitted
 Cambrics.
 C f^ C lko rif Chintz Umbrella.
 Oil Cloth*.
 Hminei*, good and dteap. Also on band, mostly »i
 redurwd prices, Ginghaate, various qaelilies tuid
 style*.
 Sfanfaf, Sheetiags, ami Pillo*
 Strioed Caafirics. Fma 6-4 Plaid Muslin.
 Mauw tie Lasae, tifi and tally flgured, afa wool
 fawn*, ummatol free from cotton.
 U&gt;W c to &lt;aiweU
 Tefcle Diaper aad Clntba, ofdiffereat rtyfes.
 AproaandTivwitas* Check. Cottna Handkerrhief*.
 Ltotoa TwtMed Pisitixs fjttdfs. Also lias
 Drilling, fee.
 Loag andbnlfHaee, fim end heavy.
 Kfdling Cfotion, tmnom Non*, bfcarited, brown,aad
 Waddiaa, white sad cotorod Cutsa lapa. Abo.
 Reined Loaf, Crashed, aad Pafassised tfwar.
 •■srar-js r
 which fie Bfiambar wsurid fit etirotioa
 of eernwry ■escheats, as wafl as bis frma.fi and fie
 Mnwrrr- of th* Fra*
 ruilatti fltmrrirtfi- fi* ffahatrihar to ea
 brae the a ”-uta****frwj t J*£
 Not th saw ww Fifth and Chern-its
 m y hfmo. ut, um. u
 pHAMUX JONEB, North Mur House, !U. M.
 v Worth timan ,1 brtw Fifth ami Sixth, aad
 Iflmhrt mi Aich stvaaas, pbifedefekfa.
 Worth
 Bear Hons* tan most cnwtel, etm vewieat end aaas
 fistoMi Hatma in Phifafikfifa.
 Nhlfibn, Dae. I,IMO. |ati
