Paiiw’i r*\ alarm
 IBFFEC'TB OF RLAVKRV OX IV
 DITTEY.
 [cOJITIMUBOj
 In the Northern States, the freeman
 C mites »lr«ctly in contact with the »na
 feriat things whi .h he wishes to con
 vert to hi.&lt; purpose. To shorten his la
 bor he makes his head save his hands.
 Ho invents machines. The produclivr
 capacity of the free States is extended
 Wy their me of Wind. Water and Steam
 fc&gt;r the purpose of human labor. That
 is a solid gain to mankind. W iod-mills,
 water-,-ni!!.«, steam-engines, are the ser
 vants of the North; Homebred Slaves
 born in their house, the increase ol
 fertile heads. These are an important
 element in the power and wealth of s
 nation. \V hile South Carolina ha?
 taken men from Africa, and mad*
 slaves, Now England has taken posses
 •ion ol the Winds, of the Waters; sh&lt;
 has kidnapped the Merrimack, the Con
 nectic.it, the Androscoggin, the Ken
 nebcck, the Penobscot, and a hundrc&lt;
 dataller streams. She has caught th&lt;
 lakes of New Hampshire, and hold
 them in thrall. She has seized Fir&lt;
 and Water, joined them with an iroi
 yoke, and made an army of slaves
 powerful, hut pliant. Consider the mn
 chincry m &gt;ved by such agents in Ncv
 England, New York, Pennsylvania
 e &gt;mpare that w ith the human machine
 of the South, and which is the bette
 drudge? The Patriarchal Institutioi
 of Slavery,” and the economic institu
 tion of Machinery stand side by side,—
 this representing the nineteenth centu
 ry before Christ, and that the nincteentl
 century alter Christ. They run for tin
 same goal, though Slavery started firs
 and had the smoother road. It is safi
 to say, that the machinery of the free
 States has greater productive ability
 than the 3.099,090 bond, i of tht
 South. While Slavery continues, the
 machinery will n &gt;t appear. Steam-en
 gine.* and slaves come of a different
 stock.
 The foreign trade of the South con
 sists mainly in the export of the produc
 tions of the Farm and the Forest; the
 domestic trade in collecting those sta
 ples and distributing the articles to be
 consumed at home. Much of the do
 mestic trade is in the hands of North
 ern men—though mainly with South
 ern principles.” The foreign trade is
 aim &gt;st wholly in the hands of foreign
 ers, or men from the North, and is con
 ducted by their ships. In the South,
 little is demanded for home consump
 tion; so the great staples of Southern
 production find their market chiefly in
 the North, or in foreign ports. The
 shipping is mainly owned by the North.
 Of the Atlantic States seven have no
 slaves: Maine, New Hampshire, Mas
 sachusetts, Rhode Island, Connecticut,
 New York, and New Jersey; in 1840,
 they, with Pennsylvania, had *2,100,501
 tons of shipping. In all the slave States
 which He on the seaboard, there are
 owned but 401 ,533 tons of shipping.—
 In 1810, the young State of Ohio, two
 thousand miles from the sea, had 30,917
 tons; the State of South Carolina, 32,-
 553. Even Virginia, full of bays and
 harbors, hud but 53,411 tons. T.he
 single district of the city of New York
 had 572,522 tons, or 79,9:19 more that
 nil the Southern States united.
 E| The difference in the internal improve
 nients of the two sections is quite as re
 markable. In general, the public
 highways in the slaveholdiug States arc
 far inferior to those of tile North, botli
 in extent and character. If the esti
 mates made arc correct, in 1319 there
 were, omitting the fractions, 5,602
 miles of railroad actually in operatior
 in the United States. In all the slave
 States there were *2,099 miles. Taking]
 the cost of such as are described ii
 trustworthy sources, and estimating the
 value of those not so described by tin
 general cost per mile of railroads in tin
 same state, then the slave States have
 invested #43,910,183 in this property
 In the free States there were 3,572
 miles of railroad, which had cost #112,-
 914,495. Thus the free States have
 1,433 miles of railroad more than the
 South, the value of which is #09,094,-
 ‘232 above the value of all the railroads
 of the slave States. The railroads in
 Pennsylvania have cost #13,42 &gt;,335;
 within less than a half a million of the
 value of all the railroads ia all the
 slave States. Maryland, from her po
 sition, resembles the free Suites in
 many respects. Besides those of this
 State, all the railroads of the South are
 worth Only #27,717,835, while those ol
 Massachusetts alone have cost #39,-
 311,414, and are now, on the average,
 five or six per cent, above par. The
 State of South Carolina has only paid
 #5,671,452 for her raiiroad stock.
 will not undertake to estimate its pres
 ent value. Nor need I stop to enquire
 how many miles of the Southern road*
 have been planned by Northern skill,
 paid for by the capital of the free States,
 and are owned by their citizens!
 Let us uo.vt consider the increase ol
 the value of the landed property in the
 Free and the Slave Slates. In 1798,
 the value of all the houses and lands
 in the eight slave States, that is, Dela
 ware, Maryland, Virginia, North and
 South Carolina, Georgia, Kentucky,
 and Tennessee, w as estimated at #197,-
 742,557; that of the houses and lands
 in the eight free States—New Hamp
 shire, Vermont,. Massachusetts, Con
 necticut, Rhode Island, New Jersey
 New York, and Pennsylvania—wa?
 #122,-35,739. It is not easy to ascer
 tain exactly the value of real property
 in all these States at this moment. Bu
 in 1831 -t&gt;, the government of New York
 a id in 1839, that of Virginia, made s
 new valuation of all the real property
 in their respective States. In 1708
 all the real estate in Virginia, wu
 worth #71.225,127; in 1839, 211,939,
 533. In 1793, all the real property ii
 the State of New York, was wort!
 #199,3 39,797; i»* 1815, #139,751,273
 In Virginia, there had been an increase
 of 197.5 per cent, in forty-one years
 i New York, an increase of 329.9 pe
 cent, in thirty-seven years.
 For convenience sake, letussuppos
 ea h of the eight Southern States ha
 gained as rapidly as Virginia, audeacl
 of those eight N irtheru, in the sain'
 ratio w.tU New York—-and what follows
 la 1793, the real estate in South (.aro
 jina was valued at #17,495,013; tlia
 of Rh &gt;de Island, ut #11,093,358. Bj
 the above ratios, the real estate it
 South Carolina was worth $51,9.33,39:
 jo 1839; and in 1835, that of Rbod&lt;
Island was woith Thus
 the real property in the leading atare
 State of the Union, with a population
 of 594,394, waa worth but $4,344,105,
 m'*re than the real property of Rhode
 I -land, with a population of only 104,-
 In 1410, the aggregate real pro
 perty in the city of Ronton wa* valued
 »t $30,424,200, and in 1417, at £07,-;
 —545,271,130 n.ore thsn the;
 computed value of all the real estate
 in South Carolina. Iu 1)98, the value
 id the aggregate real property of the
 eight slave States was $197,74*2,557;
 of the eight free, $422,235,740; in
 1431), by the above ratios, the real es
 tate of the Southern States would be
 worth $584,240,107, and that of the
 Northern, $1,715,201,618. Thus the
 real property of these eight free States
 would be almost three times more val
 uable than the eight slave States, yet
 the free contain hut 170,150 square
 miles, while the slave States contain
 212,923. Rut this, in part, is a mat
 ter of calculation only, and liable to
 some uncertainty as the ratio of Virgin
 ia and New York may not represent
 the increase of any either South or
 North. Let us come to public and no
 torious facta.
 In IKK), the value of all the annual
 agricultural products of the South, as
 valued by the last census, was $312,-
 340,151; that of the free States $312,-
 097,443. Yet in the South there were
 1,941,8)6 persons engaged in agricul
 ture, and in the North only 1,735.046,
 ami the South has the advantage of rais
 ing tropical productions, which cannot
 be grown in Europe. The agricultu
 ral products ofthc South which find their
 way to foreign lands, are mainly cotton,
 sugar, rice and tobacco. The entire
 value of these articles raised in the fif
 teen slave States in that year, was $74,-
 836,310; while the agricultural pro
 ductions of the single. State of New
 York amounted in that year to $104,-
 275,241.
 The value of articles manufactured
 in the South, was $42,174,181; in the
 free States $197,658,040. In the slave
 States there were, in various manufac
 tories, 240,601 spindles in Rhode
 Island, the smallest of the free States,
 518,817. The aggregate annual earn
 ings of all the slave States, ivas $403,-
 429,718; of the free, $654,705,109.-
 The annual earnings of six slave States
 —North Carolina, South Carolina,
 Georgia, Alabama, Mississippi, and
 Louisiana, amount to $149,321,719
 those of the State of New York to $193,-
 803,433, more than $4,000,000 above
 the income of six famous States. The
 annual earnings of Massachusetts alone
 are more than $9,000,000 greater than
 the united earning of three slave States,
 —South Carolina, Georgia, and Flori
 da. The earnings of South Carolina,
 with her population of 594,304, about
 equals that of the county of Essex, in
 Massachusetts, with less than 95,000.
 In 1839, in the South there were
 built houses to the value of $14,421,-
 141; and in the North, to the value of
 $27,493,560. The ships built by the
 South that year, were valued at $701,-
 249; by the North, at $6,301,805.
 In 1413, the absolute debt of all the
 free States, was $109,176,527. The
 actual productive State property of
 those States, including the school fund,
 was $94,633,245, —leaving the actual
 indebtedness above their State-property
 only $10,.516,212. The absolute debt
 of the slave States was $55,914,373
 their productive State-property, includ
 ing their school funds, $33,294,424
 leaving their actual indebtedness above
 their State-property $25,053,945, more
 than twice the corresponding indebted
 ness of the North.
 Besides this, it must be remembered
 that in the free States there are 45,56 b
 men engaged in the learned professions,
 while in the slavi States there arc bul
 20,292. In addition to that, in all the
 free States there are many employed in
 teaching common schools. Thus, in
 1417, in Massachusetts, there were 7,-
 543 engaged in the common schools.
 In the slave States this class is much
 smaller. Still more, in all the free
 States there are many, not ranked in
 the learned professions, who devote
 themselves to Science, Literature, and
 the Fine Arts; in the South but few.
 In the South, the female slaves are oc
 cupied in hard field-labor, which is
 almost unheard of in the free States.—
 Tims the difference in the earnings ol
 the two, great ns it is, is not an ade
 quate emblem of the actual difference
 or productive capacity, or even of the
 production, iu tho two sections of the
 country.
 Disgraceful Outrage in Hart
 ford, Ct. —The Charter Oak of lasi
 week contains a full statement of s
 cowardly, mobocratic assault upon the
 printing office of that paper, togethei
 with the editor’s house, by a gang o
 some three hundred ruffians, who evi
 dently intended to do serious injury t&lt;
 person and property, as their revenge
 upon the editor for some bitter anc
 stinging truths which he had told them
 of our national land piracies upon Mex
 ico, and of the robber hordes which art
 actively perpetrating them.
 For two hours iu the middle of the
 night, the enraged mob were howling
 about his dwelling and office, am
 |K&gt;uring out their curses and threats
 but the city police attempted no arrest
 though they were present much of the
 time. The Mayor harangued the law
 less crowd advising them to disperse,
 which they did after having
 the Charter Oak sign, and dashed ir
 the panels of the doors of both the lioust
 and printing office. Further then that
 they did not venture, as they were in
 -1 formed that they would be met from
 within by resistance, which they prob
 ably were not expecting.
 The immediate pretext for this dast
 •nrdly outrage, was an article in thf
 !Charter Oak, severely commenting
 upon the reception given by the wai
 patriots of Hartford, to a petty officei
 j of the army who had recently returned
 from Mexico. W ere it true, as wa*
 alleged, that this article was personal)*
 insulting to that blood-stained fighter,
 the plea would not give the slightest ex
 icuse for such an act of riot, and it is u
 the lasting shame of the city of Hartford
 that it was permitted. If there is no*
 sufficient love of order and peace, oi
 sense of justice among that people, t«
 .prevent such lawless violence, the)
 imight surely take warning from th&lt;
 consequences of the toleration of mobf
in other place*. A bloody lesson c«*uld
 Philadelphia gtte them of the fruits of
 that ertf policy. Even Kentucky has
 become ashamed of gaffing a free
 press, and in scarcely a city of thei
 North is the largest liberty of discussion
 restricted. Shall Hartford, with all its
 churches and professions of piety, be
 the only exception to this rule—the only J
 imitator of the dark and bloody South
 in the attempt to destroy a free press/]
 In this case the mob mistook the man,
 if they expected to silence or overawe:
 him by threats or injury.—Their defeat j
 will be as complete as their act was
 base and wicked.— Pen*. Frtetma*. j
 To Scmraiatas who do sot eeceitk
 THLia rAreas.— We extract the
 from a summing up of the whole matter, bfj
 the Anti-slavery Standard, refciring'to a let-»
 ter received at their office, as pertinent to our!
 own case:—
 This is the three hundred and sixty-fifth
 specimen of the kind received every day forj
 j the last three hundred and sixty-fire days and j
 wo presume that there is not a newspaper'
 publislier in the city, that could not produce
 his daily letter, or letters of the same sort. j
 Our correspondent has the good sense to
 f believe the fault is not in this office we wish
 all our subscribers were equally considerate.
 The blame most frequently is imputed lo us.
 L*t us show how little probability there is of
 this being just. The name of each subscri
 ber, whose paper goes in a single wrapper,
 that is by itself—and tjic names of Post Offi-
 ces w here more than one paper goes, are all j
 transcribed carefully and systematically from
 the mail books to their proper wrappers,!
 j during days and hours set apart for this par
 ticular duty, before the paper goes to press.
 When the paper cotnes from the press, and is
 folded, the single wrappers are pasted each up
 on a single paper, and a clerk with the mail
 book before him, transcribes, upon the margin
 1 of the paper, the names of subscribers at post
 offices where more than one paper is sent.—
 These are folded, on tl»e spot, in the wrap-
 I pers, addressed to their respective Post Offices, j
 and pasted at once.
 It is evident, that a mistake in our office,
 in the mailing of papers, must be a rare thing.
 A clerk with even ordinary habits of care and
 order, must be almost uniformly correct. The
 name of a subscriber, or a Post Office, may
 occasionally be omitted, but it must he acci
 dental, and is not likely to occur two weeks in j
 succession iu the same case. We are confi
 dent, that in our office, it is of very rare occur-
 renee. It cannot, at all events, account for
 the frequent miscarriages of which we receive
 such very frequent complaints.
 Our answer to this correspondent, is an an
 swer to all our subscribers who are annoyed—
 as much to our chagrin, we assure them, as
 to theirs —in the same way. His paper goes
 in a package with the rest to his Post Office,
 and if it is not received so often as the others,
 it must be because some person about the
 Post Office, docs not choose that he shall have
 it. It is by no means an uncommon thing for
 a Postma-sior or a Postmaster's Clerk, to take
 upon himself the direction of the reading of a
 whole village.
THE NORTH STAR.
ROCHESTER, FEBRUARY 18, 1843.
ID 3 After an absence of two weeks, during
 which I have attended and addressed numer
 ous meetings, held several private interviews
 with old and tried friends, obtained a number
 of subscribers for the North Star, and suc
 ceeded in removing my family from Lynn to
 Rochester, I am again at my post, with health
 and heart to pursue my editorial labors in the
 cause of righteous liberty. My last meetings
 were held in New Bedford, Massachusetts;
 and the kindly greeting which I received at
 the hands of my old friends, many of them,
 like myself, fugitives from slavery, was truly
 refreshing to my spirit. I shall welcome
 with pleasure the day in which I may again
 press their friendly hands. God bless them
 and prosper them in their efforts to promote
 the cause which lias bound our hearts so
 firmly together f I give them my assurance
 that I am one with them even unto the end.
 F. D.
THE PIIILOMETIIEAN SOCIETY.
 On Friday evening last, we had the privi
 lege to attend a meeting of this useful Society
 of colored persons, in Albany. In the present j
 proscribed and isolated condition of our peo
 ple,such institutions seem almost indispensible
 to our social happiness, progress and eleva-:
 tion. We however think that they should
 always lie regarded as temporary institutions,
 forced upon us by the unjust aud wicked pre
 judice which excludes us from the like insti
 tutions among the whites, and ready to be
 given up whenever a sense of justice and
 liberality shall assert its dominion in the Ame- j
 ricun mind. The question which engaged the
 attention of the society, and which was quite
 fully discussed on this evening, related to the
 subject of Colonization. A young man from
 Liberia, now’ a student at the Medical Col
 lege in Albany, submitted a resolution, aft;
 firming it to be the duty of the free colored
 people of tills country to emigrate to Liberia, 1
 as the only means of elevating them among
 the nations of the earth. He said that he
 hoped all prejudice would be discarded, and
 that the Society would discuss the subject
 with the calmness and seriousness which it-,
 importance demanded. He also hoped that
 no reference should be made to the conduct of
 the American Colonization Society, as hei
 humbly conceived that the good or bad actions
 of that Society had nothing to do with the
 question before the meeting. Tbe principal
 argument urged in support of the resolution,
 was, the invincibility of prejudice against the
 colored people in this country, and the duty
 of our civilizing and evangelizing Africa.—
 He said that Colonization is slw ays the
 precursor of civilization, and that without it,
 Africa must continue in ber pieeent barbarous
 •ondition.” He urged that an individual was
 .-expected according to the merits or demerits
 if the nation to which he belonged and that
 while Africa was uncivilized, it was utterly
 ibsurd to suppose that her children would br
 espeeted among mankind. These view*
 were enforced with much apparent earnest
 teas, and made quite an impression on the
 '.udieorc. In reply, it was urged by Messrs.
 Popp, Cutler, aad others, that prejudice war
 tot invincible that the condition of the free,
 ■cloved people in this land was steadily im
 woving; and that thus far, Colon nation had
 mly served to retard the progress of this
 roprovement; that it had fostered aad
 strengthened prejudice, by declaring it to be
 evincible; that individual emigration might
 *e very weD, but that any general movement
 n that direction must operate injuriously
that it vutkrkrty of the cul—d people to
 stay here, and help to free Arir brethren,
 rather than leave (bent hi their chains, te ge
 and civilise Africa. We d* mot peetcad te do
 fall justice te the irgi—li m either Mb
 oat limited apace adl not permit this; betwr
 have gives a fair repair ef the frhwipel argu
 ments used on both aides.
 The caly cohwmation which we recommend
 to our people, is a moral sue. To change
 our location, ia aot to attain true elevation.—
 We must emigrate from Degradation to Re
 spect ibtlitv, by quitting the shores of Igno
 rance for thooe of Intelligence; by cutting off
 the spirit of tadoleare, mi mi— mg that of
 industry by dispelling the clouds of misan
 thropic despair, and cheriahiaf a manly frith
 in the power of truth aad seeking our social
 advancement by the moat untiring perseve
 rance in the path of moral rectitude. This
 done, and all the or infernal,
 shall be unavailing in repressing oar spwaid
 tendency.
 the sxrrif iShfD.
 Advantage should be at ooce taken of this
 generous and magnificent donation, on the
 part of Get* Sqgh, to &lt;eolored residents in
 the State of Network. To prevent it from
 becoming a curst* and to make it what it
 should be—a blessing, such as will cheer the
 heart of the generous donor, the land ought
 to be immediately occupied. The sharp axe
 of the sable-armed pioneer should be at once
 uplifted over the soil of Franklin and Essex
 counties, and the noise of falling trees pro
 claim the glorious dawn of civilization
 throughout theii borders. Let the work be
 commenced at once. The day has come. The
 spring is near at hand. Seed-time is near
 and what a man soweth that shall he reap.
 Companies of tens and of twenties should
 be formed, and the woods at once invaded.
 There should be as little delay as possible
 about this. We should hail with delight tho
 news of the arrival in those regions of the
 first pioneers, and record their names to be
 handed down, and read with grateful admir
 ation by future generations. Come, breth
 ren, let it not be said, that a people who,
 under the lash, could level the forests of Vir
 ginia, Maryland, and the whole Southern
 States, that their oppressors might reap the
 reward, lack the energy and manly ambitiou
 to clear lands for themselves. Let us make
 those who declare us incapable of taking care
 of ourselves, slanderers before all the people.
 We shall have more to say on this subject
 soon.
ITT* Read the excellent and scholarlike
 speech of Mr. Palfrey, and thank God, with
 us, that, sunken and slavery-smitten as the
 land has become, the voice of truth and free
 dom may yet be heard in the councils of the
 nation. Wc are glad to see this speech going
 the rounds of the press, and being regarded
 with such high interest by persons of all po
 litical opinions. We hail it as the beginning
 of a political crisis, which must soon give the
 falling blow to the slave power of the laud,
 or result in the severance of this most unhal
 lowed Union. God speed the flay I
 R fitly to Mb. Collins.— lt is a sufficient
 answer to the letter of this gentleman, which
 may be found among the correspondence
 copied from the Springfield papers, to say,
 that he is at this moment laboring to build up
 a colored church in that town and that his j
 reason for building up such a church, is, that
 the white churches arc such respecters of
 persons, and are so incurably and wickedly
 pro-slavery, that the rights of colored mem
 bers arc trampled upon, and their feelings
 outraged, by being stowed away, like rubbish,
 in the negro pew. Why such a man should
 defend such a church, can only be explained
 by the wisdom which makes friends of the
 mammon uf unrighteousness, at the expense
 of truth. Why does not Mr. Collins find
 thoso good American churches, of which he
 speaks, who have not defiled their garments,
 and invite colored persons to join them, in
 stead of building up at great expense, and
 with injury to the cause of human equality, a
 colored church in Springfield It must either
 be, because no such churches exist, or that he
 seeks to raise hmself to a soft seat on the hacks
 of a few well disposed, hard-working colored
 persons, who arc already too poor to give
 their children a decent education. When he
 shall cease calling upon colored persons to
 come out from pro-slavery white churches, to
 join his, we shall regard him as beiug much
 more consistent and not less honest than he
 now shows himself to be.
Er* We make no pretensions to infill-:
 bility, and are far from being too proud to|
 listen to the counsel and advice of men
 devoted to the interests of our enslaved fellow- j
 countrymen; we therefore cheerfully insert
 the letter from Mr. Middleton, of Springfield,
 which will be found on our third page. It is
 evidently written in a commendable spirit,'
 and designed to promote the cause of truth
 and freedom. We hare but two objections to
 it—those are, the vagueness of its charges;
 and the indefinitcncss cf its advice. It ia the j
 same old complaint of harsh language on the i
 one hand, and exhortation to mildness on the
 other. We have no doubt, that the writer is
 sincerely grieved at what he thinks the exist
 ence of the one, and the want of the other,
 in our case. But we roust say, in all candor,
 that if we ever reproach ourself for anything
 connected with our public efforts more than
 another, it ia that we can deal so gently with
 the wicked slaveholders at the South, and
 their guilty associates at the North. And
 especially do wc feel our shortcomings, when
 dealing with our manstealing ministry, and
 our bloodstained church. Regarding them ns
 the bulwarks of Slavery—aa justly charge
 able with its continuance in the land, and
 responsible for iu innumerable crimes and
 cruelties, we would gladly concentrate the
 whole truth into ene living thunderbolt,”
 and hurl it at them, till their bloodstained
 walls should be krrelkd to the ground. The
 except too* to our charges will take eare of
 themselves. They are with us, and an bid
 ding os God-speed,
ID* W« gratefully acknowledge the receipt
 of valuable public documents from Hen. John
 P.Haie of the Senate; Hen John G. Palfrey
 and Hon. Josh. R. Giddings, of the Henan of
 Representatives.
k/ Our grateful are tendered to
 L J-, for English papers. Manchester papers
 are forwarded by another hind.
Tn HiTton* Em.—This jna—l,
 Misfeed W iimn, mm tfeaa a year age
 by the Bseratiro Caromittra af fee Amen*
 Mi Foreign J|rt&gt;Bhiify Sanity, hae feed
 ■■■■■llj li—firmf Tjlhsl rnwiilm li f*T
 Bnley, ifenpreeenheditor; an that the Nations
 organ of (fee Ltety Party is wo tha poo
 petty of iadmdnal. No reasons an greet
 for the transfer; not Cram the notion of thi
 change, the pnbhr no left to infer, thnl tfe
 heel understanding existed hetneon the edrto
 and the former peoprirtow of the paper. IV
 editor aays, that no change will take plnee h
 the management of the paper. John G
 Whittier wtfl aontinna to not an nrrnffef
 editor, and L. P. Noble will be retained ti
 the bnaincsa deportment. As a acwipapei
 we value the Era highly; but aa aatj-aiarer]
 aathority we bare no mapeet far it whatever
 We may give onr reaaooa for this view, a
 another time, or when they an called far.
EDITORIAL CORRESPONDENCE*
Pirrsacaeu, February 6, 1848.
 Dm Doccun:—l am now a constant
 recipient of our luminary, the North Star,
 and find it all that I could de-ire—a paper of
 vast interest and usefulness—and 1 pray yon,
 as 1 know you will do, keep it so with its
 present character as a liberal, high moral, aati
 sectarian, independent, unyielding and uncom
 promising eoemy to that moat blighting of all
 curses, and abomination of abominations”—
 Slavery. Whether shielded by the statutes
 of despotism and tyranny, covered by the
 sacerdotal garbs of a miserable and fabe re
 ligion, or guarded by the point of the bayonet,
 it must be a terror to the evil doers of
 our land, and the beacon-hope of the bond
 man.
 The good people of this gloomy city, have
 for the past two weeks, had the cloud and
 darkness dispelled from their moral vision, by
 the highly entertaining and edifying Reform
 Lectures and Sermons of Mr. John Allen, a
 friend and brother from the “Old Bay Stats,”
 assisted several times by the heavenly and
 divinely chaunting tones of the Eddy Family,
 from the same State, who also have been en
 tertaining the citizens with their almost inim
 itable music. They are said to be not inferior
 to the Hutchinson Family. Mr. Allen, though
 a high-toned, land reformer,” takes the
 highest Anti-Slavery ground, viewing the
 one as co-essential with, and inseparable from
 the other.
 Church robberies are of frequent occurrence
 in this place. Of the ninety-six churches
 in the two cities and suburbs, nearly the
 whole have been entered at different times,
 and their collection, Sabbath school, and
 missionary boxes, emptied of their contents.
 In one instance, but fire cents were found, and
 even that did not escape the sacrilegious
 wretches! This will give you an idea of the
 kind of material with which this community
 is infested. Would it not be well if the
 Colonizationists would find a Liberia for
 them
 There is a great religious revival at present
 going on among the colored people, tinder
 Rev. Thomas Lawrence. This is right and
 good, taking the orthodox religious view of
 the subject; but I could wish, as I know you
 also do, that the temporal of our
 people was asmuch cared for as the spiritual;
 or, in other v r ords, we could wish that they
 possessed as much of the earthly as they do of
 the heavenly inheritance. In view of the lat
 ter, they relinquish or neglect entirely their
 right to the former. This is one among the
 greatest errors with which reformers have to
 contend. Our brethren seem to be insensible
 to the fact, that the well-being of man, while
 upon earth, is to God of as much importance
 as his wcllfarc in heaven. Man is superior
 to all earthly beings or tnings; he having
 here but a temporal existence, therefore his
 i temporal welfare should first be cared for.
 There was held in this city, in the Lafayette
 Assembly Rooms, on Tuesday last, a mass
 Clay Meeting, of course to enter into mcas
 ures preparatory to the nomination of the
 Sage of Ashland.” It was a full meeting,
 and you must not think strange to hear me so
 express myself about Whiggery, when I
 assure you that I never attended a meeting,
 not even Anti-slavery, in which more con
 sistent and greater truths were uttered, by
 all speakers, concerning the character of their
 favorite, than did the speakers at this meeting
 express concerning Mr. Clay. Every oratoi
 who mounted the rostrum, declared that he
 is the embodiment of Whig principles. Ia
 this not true to the letter Who dare dis
 pute it
 The Daily Post of this city, the sub-Gov*
 j eminent organ, has become the Deputy
 bloodhound,” and whining spaniel for ill
 Southern masters. The editor has recently
 been to Washington City, crouching at the
 j feet of his Southern superiors, and has prob
 ably received from them, or the hands of that
 miserable old man, Ritrhie, of the Union, the
 Privy Counsellor of James K. Polk, a right
 to be the watch-dog and principal hound in
 i this region, on the running trail after fugitive
 men and women, fleeing from the cruelties ol
 American slavery. This same Daily Post, in
 the face of a ehurch-guing and professedly
 religious community, in open daylight, under
 a glaring noon-day sun, and the disapprobation
 of high Heaven, dares to advertise in the
 columns of his paper, a Reward for Runaway
 Slaves! and these persons, too, having bees
 brought into the Stale by the steamer Grey
 Eagle, from which they escaped. There
 were three of them, two of whom escaped
 who, by a late net of Assembly, were free
 the moment their foot touched Pennsylvanian
 soil. But were they taken, justice to them
 could not be expected, since it appears that
 the Judges of the Pennsylvanian Courts, with
 a few honorable exceptions, are but the
 pledged minions of the slave power in thii
 country. llow contemptibly servile bon
 disgustingly crouching, is the conduct of these
 men of the Pom, who have folly proved them
 selves capable of lbs meanest and lowest ael
 of pimping! They have consigned them
 selves to that infamy which aM sneh ereatavei
 merit, as nobly and fearlessly shown by the
 respective notices of the daily papers, espe
 cially the Dispatch, and Telegraph, of thi
 city.
 In this ammndvetaioo, yon any account m
 severe but while the fart axMa that tin
 are hut matt-fad cattle far foe market; that
 the la—led pasmmef the female feflj
cahiMmd la the Baa them markets and public
 i places; that the gtmsm and cries ef the de-
 U nded millions are hourly sent up to Heaven
 |pdeliverance; that one-cudhof the whole
 Rmmam women are subject tn the brute
 wiß and hist of five-sixths of American
 man; and that the abject of these worse than
 land pirates was to bring back ikons flying,
 panting victims to this wretched condition;
 enu I dire I—apeak in any other than thunder
 tooes upon this subject! No, no!—not I.
 Yon being my helper, and God the mainstay
 of an both, I will sever erase to cry «loud,and
 ■P®* ®*til yon, and I, and every wronged
 Md eppromed son and daughter of America
 •■d the world, Maad up in the living image
 and dignity of manhood, in the full pomesmoo
 af all fern rights and privihges camaaan to
 onr nature, made sacred by the God ef Love!
 Tall me, when the ruthless slaveholder has
 folly prostrated before him Iris struggling
 vwtim in the person of my wife, mother, or
 rioter, piteously crying, “Help! help that
 I should stop to address him with a kind of
 formal politeness or placid arguments, lest I
 only aggravate him and foil in my eflort! Do
 you subscribe to doctrine such an this Tell
 this to others, but tell it not to me. Should 1
 not arrest his outrageous grasp, by any eflect
 hro means within my power, which the
 laws of Nature’s God would justify me
 I regret to see that rather wrong-spirited
 allusion, concerning the North Star, which
 appeared in the last number of the 44 Mys
 tery there being no just caspe for such s
 thing. I simply notice this matter, that it
 may correct a wrong impression, which might
 arise from it. One thing is, however, cer
 tain. All -ho are acquainted with you
 and me, certainly, if they know anything of
 us at all, know us to bo incapable of meriting
 that reflection.
 Your 44 charge” upon the Mexican War,
 and comments upon the Colonization speech of
 Henry Clay, are a triumphant vindication of
 right against wrong; truth against falsehood
 and of the undefended against the vilest ma
 lignity. To use a homely figure, you com
 pletely 44 floored your man.” Do you know,
 Douglass, that you have been grappling with
 one who possesses attributes known to no other
 human being attributes which render him
 truly God-like,” as his admirers declare him
 to be T This can be illustrated to a demon
 stration, and the great embodiment proved to
 be a Trinity. He i» the embodiment of Col
 onization, the embodiment of Whiggery, and
 the embodiment of Slavery. Is he not a
 very Deity ?—and how little were yon aware
 with whom veu struggled
 I see that our good friend Joseph Cassey,
 of Philadelphia, has gone the way of all
 flesh. I concur with you in sympathy with
 his amiable widow and interesting family for
 the loss of so good a friend as he but his
 relict and children have been left well pro
 vided with the good things of this life. This,
 Mrs. Cassey merited, as her name was al
 ways among the first of those untiring friends
 of the slave, who so assiduously labored for
 the Anti-Slavery cause.
 1 prefer thus to give you a summary of
 passing events, than one long article on the
 subject of Slavery as I know full well that
 you will attend to that particular department,
 and that, too, with the pen of a ready
 writer.
 Yours, in behalf of our oppressed and
 down-trodden countrymen,
 M. R. D.
BLACK AND WHITE VILLANY.
 44 The richest man in St. Thomas, one of
 the principal ports of the West Indies, is as
 black as ebony. He is said to be worth not
 less than three millions of dollars, and has
 acquired his wealth by trafficking in persons
 of his own color.”
 We find the above floating about in the
 whirlpool of American newspapers, as a case
 of peculiar wickedness. To our minds it
 only proves that villany may be perpetrated
 by black as well as white, and shows the
 identity of the human family. We copy the
 following from Jay's 44 View,” aa an offset:
 41 $lOO Reward.—Ran away from the sub
 scriber a bright mulatto man slave, named
 Sam. Light sandy hair blue eyes, ruddy
 complexion —is so WHIT Eas very easily to
 pass for a free WHITE MAN.
 “Edwin Peci.
 44 Mobile, April 22d, 1837.”
 44 Ranaway from the subscriber, working
 on the plantation cf Col. H. Tinker, a bright
 mulatto bov, named Alfred. Alfred is about
 18 years of age, pretty well grown, has Afar
 3 is, light faxen hair, shin disposed to freckle.
 e will try to pass as FREE BORN.
 44 S. G. Stewabt.
 44 Green County, Alabama.”
 44 In the summer of 1835, a slaveholder
 from Maryland arrested, as his fugitive, a
 young woman in Philadelphia. A trial en
 sued, when it was most conclusively proved,
 that the alleged slave, Mary Gilmore, was the
 child of poor Irish parents, and had not a
 drop of African blood in her veins.”
Correction. —The name of Henry Collins
 should have been inserted as a member of the
 Executive Committee of the Western New
 York Anti-Slavery Society.
Fare Letters. —The Postmaster General
 estimates the number of free letters that passed
 through the Pom Offices of the l ulled States
 at about five millions every year.
Boswell and Dr. Johnson were convers
 ing on the conduct of a planter who so flogged
 bis slave that he died. The Doctor thun
 dered savagely. 44 Well, hot,” said Boswell,
 depreeatingly, 44 1 have always held the man
 with the black face to be a connecting link
 between a man and a brute.”
 44 Sir,” said Dr. Johnson, rolling his huge
 form from side to side, 44 and I have always
 held the mnn with a lluk hart to be a con
 necting link between a Irute ai d the uni.
Wit and lli uoa.—E. P. Whipple, Esq.
 in a lecture delivered before the Mercantile
 Library Association, of Boston, on W.t and
 Humor, remarked that, 44 the first laughed at,
 the other wUh. Old Fuller, the church his
 torian, when he celled the negro 44 the image
 ef God rat ia ebony,” was humorous. Hor
 ace Smith, when he said that the negro's
 latirniaster was 44 the inaje ef the devil eat
 in i*«ry,” wan witty.
Wild Potatw. —Tke Santa Fe Repah
 beaa of Nemaher IS, asps that the potato
 pm wild la the aotatsM, near that place.
 The largest an ahovt the rk of a hen’s egg,
 is feapaaad that they ha aaod far seed ia those
 diwrim of the eoaatrp that art aahjeet to the
 potato rot,
MEETING OF COLOEED CITIZENS
 OF BOSTON.
 Parsnant tocatt, a crowded aocbence thronged
 Belknap-st. Church, on Monday Eve., Jan.
 84, 1848. The following resolutions were
 offered by W. W. Brown, accepted, and de
 ceased separately, at senaderahlc length, by
 Moron. Charles H. Roberts, Henry Bibb,
 Than. P. Smith, and Urary CaropbeD, in
 the argative; and sustained by Robert Morris,
 Jr., J. J. Debois, Wm. W. Brown, H.
 Weeden.E. B. Lawton, sod J. T. HU ten
 Resolved, That, ta the opinion of this meet
 ing, k was* n assail ry to form aa rororiation
 among us, for the purpose of acting politically
 in regard to slavery.
 This first rrooletkm was amended by Henry
 Bibb, and passed, ae follows:
 Resolved, That in the language of Wm.
 Lloyd Garrison, ns contained in the Declara
 tion of Anti-Slavery Sentiments, the people
 are under the highest obligations to remove
 Slavery by moral and political action.
 The second resolve was passed by a large
 majority, as follows:
 Resolved, that as friends of onr enslaved
 countrymen, we deprecate the foronatiaa of
 anv society in the city of Boatan, calculated to
 induce the people to joia any existing reli
 gious sects or political partita, with the hope
 or expectation that they will aid the cause of
 the slave's emancipation.
 otod, That the proeeediaga of this meeting
 be signed by the President sad Secretaries,
 and published in the Liberator and Emanci
 pator.
 J.T. HILTON, President.
 Tnos. DaTton. Vicc Pr «»fcnts.
 Robert Moaais, Jr., J n
 E. B. Lawton, b€CTtUr es
 Jonathan Walken and John L. Jacobs
 have long been expected in this vicinity.
 Any friend, by informing the latter that letters
 remain for him at this office, may confer a
 kindness.
Slavers. —lt is stated in late English
 papers, that more than fifty slave vessels
 have been taken on the const of Africa within
 the last twelve months.
dr*The ColonizationSocicty have called fur
 $50,000, in order to carry on the operations of
 the Society vigorously during the present year.
 Unrrlty l can inimon spirits from the vasty
 deep.—
 44 Hottpur. —But will they cornel
Peace oa War!—The Tribune of tho
 sth instant says— 44 There seems no lorger
 room for duubt that the Mexican government
 has offered to make peace on the terms de
 manded by our Government, through Mr.
 Trist, just previous to the taking of the city
 of Mexico, and that he has forwarded this
 proposition to Mr. Polk at Washington.”
 Thus it appeals* the President can i.ew have
 all he asked for last summer. Will he accept
 it, or will his demands increase, as the power
 of Mexico to refuse diminishes.
NOTICES OF BOOKS.
 Slateholdisg examined in the light
 or THE Holt Bible. By William Henry
 Brisbane.
 This is a hook of 223 pages, bound in paper,
 published by the American and Foreign Anti-
 Slavery Society sold a* No. 3p*«co
 Street, New York; price 25 cents. The
 book may be very useful to those who need
 the light of the Bible to distinguish a man
 from a brute; and if all such will buy and
 read it, few books will have a wider circula
 tion among the religious denominations of
 our republic. We extract the follow ing from
 the author’s preface, which will give tho
 reader some idea of the tone and object of the
 book;
 44 I know what are tho struggles in a con
 scientious slaveholder’s mind. J know his
 difficulties m an investigation of the subject
 of slavery, and I know how it is he mistakes
 the teachings of the Bible. 1 trust the fol
 lowing pages w ill serve to open the eyes of
 some to the sinfulness of slaveholding, and be
 the means of emancipating many staves.”
 For our part, though we have met to our
 sorrow many slaveholders, we never met one
 that appeared to 44 struggle” with any 44 con
 scientious difficulties. We will not, how
 ever, rashly assert ihat there ars nOne such
 for there are undoubtedly many things which
 we have not been permitted to see; and
 among these may be classed a conscientious
 slaveholder.
 Nabbativb or rat Lira or Wittus
 B*aw», s Fugitive Win. Written by himself.
 An enlarged edition of this interesting
 anti-slavery work is before us. In addition
 to the highly instrnetive Narrative, the author
 has rendered hie work doubly useful, by the
 addition of numerous extracts from 44 Slava
 Laws,” illustrating the horrible character of
 Slavery. We have already commended this
 book to the readers of the North Star; and
 we are sere that no one who reads it will
 think our commendation too strong. Mr.
 Brown is fits! distinguishing himself, both as
 a speaker and a writer in the cause of free,
 dom and equality and if wa mistake not, ha
 will yat become the moet powerful among hit
 brethren ia the struggle for our rights. The
 book may be had at 81, Cornbill, Boston,
 price 85 cents.
 A Citizen's Amu in Ki*i»* to tnb
 Wan wren Mexico; a Lecture delivered at Ly.
 ansi Hal, Lyaa, by Charles C. SbsckJbrd, Jan.
 Id, 1848.
 Tina is another able exposure of the pro.
 sent diagiaocftil sod iniquitous war with
 Mexieo. Mr. Shack ford has done himself
 modi credit, and the cause of public morality
 great service by the publication of tin* able
 and eloquent le -ture. We k}**]l give our
 re idor* coptoM* extracts from tlu* p«utphkt
 in our next number.
TO CORRESPONDENTS.
 F.H. B..C—ps-tObis.—4fis papers have beaa
 -a i j
 NJpRHVVy
 W, k., N. Newferoy, Oha. Fawn «f Feb.
 RiroWi dwtsfiaa. life art yat crow to brod.
 w# hero iis&gt;Bil, as far ro pronilh, with b»
 (F* 1 tiHjrorostks hsidrwpsasiMs far fast which
 A, P., Pramhan. Ftk Bth, rsesivsd, sad tug-
 Mo faterie I His papsri lave hsea for
 emfisd by aatehe is Pro i kha n Pmt edwm. Wa.
 fllutefely Is Pawtucket.
 J. C., Wroum, Masanehwaa- —Error ear.
 •acted. CUI far hack amber* Wshhaa Port
 J. M. M., fUadtiplns.—Naaa fm leat PVae*
