JJoetrjj.
For the North Sir.
 W«AT I MV.
 I saw thecniuhjd and Mending heart
 Wn«| out in hitter dr* pe «f mm;
 I tit the tears, the blood, lie
 And all the ilk that am cm kaow.
 The hitter cwt, the aperic chained,
 The draft of wwnawMod and the gall;
 Stem trial* had my spirit trained—
 am me to ratface them all.
 Maa’• inhumanity to maa’*
 Hi* entered deep hit brother’• aotd;
 I iw the in*n foot print* mar
 And place theta on a Mating scroll.
 I nw with sorrow deep oppressed,
 (A thrill throughout my bosom ran,)
 la ilartrjf on Oirutin ground,
 Three mtllitma of my brother maa.
 Still in thi* Christian land of hope.
 Of Bibles and of hallowed time,
 The gibbnjand the hangman’* rope,
 Fk relics of a burb’rotu clime
 I aaw the chorch spire point to Hearen,
 1 aaw a brother enter there,
 I beard him pray to ha forgiven,
 Then rise and contradict that prayer.
 1 heaid the name of him who pleads
 The blessed brotherhood of man,
 Bat shrouded »a blasphemous creeds,
 *Twma but a blessing and a baa
 I strove to find the Man of grief
 Within that holy house of prayer;
 But aotagbt in sain; ’twas stem belief,
 A Imdy without spirit there!
 1 turned me, for my'soul was sad—
 -1 nraggted for a coming hour;
 The conflict made my spirit gkid,
 And cfothed me with strength and power.
 But hark! a bottle fierce and strong
 Between all nations, tongues, and climes,
 A struggle between right and wiong.
 Resulting in a change sublime.
 I saw a lurid flame ascend—
 ’Twas but thr burning of a throne;
 While deafening shouts the welkin rend.
 I I tear an exiled monarch’s groan.
 ’Tis freedom’* song—let none condemn
 The anthem of the burning throne;
 Oil, Lilierty! thou priceless gem,
 Thou’rt purchased with a nation’s groan.
 In fair Italia’s classic clime
 Old dynasties hare passed away:
 I beard a soft and merry chime
 Ring out its last decay.
 I
 The old is past; with joy I view
 Change working change in time’s brief span;
 Behold lie maketh all things new—
 His temple man. C. ,Vf. C.
 Rorb«ster, Feb. 14, 1849.
 TO FREDERICK DOUGLASS.
 Proclaimer of thy people’s wrong,
 Thou spirit brave aud true,
 Thou wilt not waver—thou art strong.
 Thy purpose ever new.
 Ah! thou last drank the bitter cup
 Full many a trying hour;
 As thou didst|drink the wormwood up.
 It gave thy spirit thy power.
 We’ve listened to thy words of fire.
 And felt our pulses thrill,
 Aud now we woo thee with the lyre
 To linger with us stil.
 Oh! let us hear those wrongs once more—
 Thy eloquent appeal
 Oh! thou hast spoke to woman’ c Iw art,
 And woman too can leeL
 A boon we crave; we call thee lJack—
 Oh! let thy voice be heard,
 That many a true heart on thy track
 May echo back thy word. Charlotte
 t
 TO A LADY ARTIST IN WAX FLOWERS
 Eliza boldly challenged Nntore’s powers
 To vie with her in painting beauteous flowers;
 They try their skill, and victory crowns Eliia-r,
 For Nature’s tints mere evanescent dyes are;
 While Nature’s fading hues are on the wane,
 F.lira’s wax in beauty and disdain;
 Blooming inidst winter’s cold, they never die,
 While strewed around the death-struck rivals lie
 April 24.1849. E. B.
 THE WORSHIP OF NATURE.
 By J. G. WHITTIER.
 The ocean looketh up to heaven,
 As ’twere a living thing;
 The homage of its rare is given
 In ceaseless worshipping.
 ThevTtneel upon the shifting sand,
 As bends the human knee;
 A beautiful and tireless band
 The priesthood of the sea.,
 They powr the glittering treasures out,
 Which in the deep iiHvefbiith;
 And chaunt their awful hymns about
 The watching hills of earth.
 The green earth’sends its incense up
 From every mountain shrine—
 From every flower and dewy nip
 That greetctli tlie sunshine.
 The mists are lifted from the rills,
 Like the white wing of prayer;
 They lean above the ancient bills.
 As doing homage there.
 The forest topsjare lowly cast
 O’er Iseety hill and glen,
 As in a prayerful spirit parked
 On nature as on men.
 I he clouds weep o’er the fallen world.
 EVn a* repentant lave;
 Lre to the blessed brceie unfurled,
 rhey fade in light above.
 fbe sky it is a temple’s arch—
 The blue and wavy air
 Is glorious with the spirit-march
 Of messenger* at prayer.
 The gentle moon, the kindling sun.
 The manv stars are giveu,
 As shrines to bum earth’s incense on—
 The alur fires of Heaven.
 LIVF. THEM DCWN.
 Brother, art thou poor and lowly.
 Toiling, drudging, day liy ay.
 Journeying painfully and slowly.
 On thy dark and desert way!
 Pause not—though the proud ones frown;
 Shrink not, four not—LIVE THIS DOW*'
 Though to Vies thou shak not pander,
 Though to Virtue thou shall kneel,
 Yet thou shaft escape not Slander
 Jibe mud lie thy soul must feel--
 Jest of witling—curs* of clown—
 Heed not either’— lire THEM DOWltl
 Hale may wield her scourges horrid,
 Malice may thy woes da idc;
 Scorn may bind with thorns thy forehead
 Envy’s spear may pionee thy aide!
 La* through cross shall come the crowa!
 Fear not foemen’—LlVE THEM DOW*!
Selection
Ftthm OmabPiV* Edmbsrgh J««naL
 EUIABETn nr.
 Elizabeth Gurney, afterward* Mr*.
 Fry, bora ok the Slat of May, 1780,
 «a« the third daughter of John Gurney
 of Earlham, in Norfolk, a member o
 the Society of Friet»d*. She lost hei
 maternal parent, a woman of grew
 worth and ability, when only twelv*
 years of age. Tne family then consist
 cd of eleven children, the eldest o
 whom was only seventeen. Her feel
 ings of benevolence towards her suffer
 mg fellow creatures appear to bav«
 been drawn out in very early childhood
 by her being* the companion of hei
 mother in her visits to the cottages o
 their poor noighbora. In other res
 pects there was nothing striking in hei
 character excepting strong affectioo
 which was particularly called forth to
 wards her parent#, and brother# ant
 sisters When about aeventeen sh&lt;
 was seriously impressed with the im
 portance of religion, and both hei
 ,udginent and conscience subsequent
 |y decided in favor of the society t&lt;
 which her family belonged, and o
 which she afterwards became such at
 ornament.
 She was now enabled to gratify hei
 feelings of benevolence by becoming
 her father’s almoner, and she was nevei
 sparing of her own personal sacrifices
 both of time and property, for the bene
 fit of others. Though her own educa
 tion was rather deficient, owing t&lt;
 some want of application in herself, anti
 partly from her general delicate stau
 of health, yet even at this early perioc
 of her life she felt the necessity of giv
 ing instruction to the humbler classes,
 as a means of improving their moral
 condition. To carry out this idea, sht
 taught the poor children in the neigh
 borhood; and in a short time her school,
 which was commenced with one little
 boy, increased to above seventy schol
 ars, and was then held in a vacarj
 laundry attached to their house. Tin
 first mention we have of her sympalhie?
 being drawn out by the moral degrada
 tion of her specie-, was while on atom
 through part of Wales and the south o
 England, in company with her fathei
 and six sisters. When at Plymouth
 (1798) they visited the dock yards; ant
 she notes in her diary:—“My mind fel
 deeply hurt on account of the poor sai
 lors and women, of whom 1 have seen i
 sad number, and longed to do then
 good, to try one day to make them sen
 sible of that evil state they appear to bi
 in.”
 On the 19th of August, 1800, Eliza
 beth Gurney was united to Mr. Josepl
 Fry, who was then a junior partner in t
 large m rcautile establishment and sht
 and her husband took up their abode ai
 St. Mildred’s Court, City. During
 their residence in this place, their fivt
 eldest children were born; and notwith
 standing the duties of her family, ant
 the delicate state of her own health,sht
 devoted much time to visiting tin
 abodes of want and mi.ipry. Her re
 moval to Plashet, in 1809, was not onl)
 more congenial to her feelings, bj
 gratifying her natural love of the coun-
 I try, but opened frc«b f .r her be
 nevolence. Thec..-... 0 v. occasion
 ed by the death of her husband’s father
 whose country seat it had previouslj
 been. She established a school in tin
 neighborhood and was looked up to hj
 the poor around as the Lady Bounlifu
 of the place. Even the gipsies, who, a
 bout the time of Fairlop Fair, were ii
 the habit of pitching their tents nea
 her house, came under her kind notice
 and the pariahs of s »ciety heard them
 selves—many perhaps for the first titm
 —addressed by fair and gentle lips ii
 terms of sisterly sympathy.
 But we must now follow her to tin
 principal sphere of her philanthropy—
 the loathsome and neglected cells o
 prism; where her sweet voice wai
 heaid whispering to the most abaud
 onedofhersex of a return to virtui
 and happiness. In 1813, several mein
 bers ot the Society of Friends visit&lt;*&lt;
 Newgate, to see some felons unde
 sentence of death. —These geutlemei
 were on terms of intimacy with Mrs
 Fry, and they gave h -r such a sad ac
 count ol the state of the women con
 fined there, that she, accompanied by i
 female friend, Anna Buxton, enterei
 this abode of misery and crime, for th&lt;
 purpose of affording warm clothing ti
 me wretched inmates. Owing to il
 health and domestic trials, she did no
 renew her visits for three or four years
 but during that time she was learning
 in the school of affliction to sympathisi
 even more truly with the suffering o
 others. Her next efforts were mad«
 in 1817, when she formed a school foi
 the children of the prisoners and th&lt;
 young criminal.
 In a letter to her eldest sister, shi
 expressed (he interest she took in tin
 cause of these poor outcasts—“Mj
 heart, and mind, and time,” she says
 •‘are very much engaged in vartoui
 ways. Newgate is a principle object
 and I thin’t until 1 make some attemp
 at amendment in the plans for the wo
 men, 1 a iad not feel easy; but if sue)
 efforts should prove unsuccessful, J
 hink that 1 should then have tried ft
 lo my duty, and be easy.” In the
 spring of this year an association wa&gt;
 mnsequently formed for the “Improve
 ment of the female prisoners in New
 ,ate.” The object of this society we
 o provide clothing, employment, anc
 nstruction for the women. They wen
 and for their work and received pan
 of iheir money immediately, that the)
 might procure any little comfort the)
 it-cded; the rest was placed in tlu
 lands of the committee, as a reserv e
 for future use. This plan was found
 .lighly beneficial, by occupying fht
 une which had before been spent in
 'ambling, drinking and quarrelling.
 Before these steps were taken, how
 ever, the city authorities were consult
 aI. They expressed their appmbetioii
 j. the plans, but looked upon their re
 alization as hopeless, thinking that the
 p isoners would never be brought tt
 sibtnit to the restraints which such
 i change must impose upon them. Bui
 Ur*. Fry collected the women together;
 tud alter having pointed out to them
 he advantage# of industry and sobriety.
 ind the pleasures of conscious recti
 ude—at the same tune contrasting thu
 pictoie with their own direful expert-
ence of the misery of rice—die told
 then that the ladies of tbi cswauktee
 bad not come to rni—j&gt;n| their obedi
 ence, bet bed loft their homes and
 families to entreat them for tbeir good.
 She then asked if they wore Dot willing
 U act ia concert with them,* assuring
 them (Let not a rale should be made
 without tbeir entire and united concur
 rence. Each rule waa then pot sepa
 rately to the vote, and such was the
 effect of gentleness and reason, even
 upon minds so untrectable, that they
 were all uaanunotteiy carried.
 Hitherto, a riot and confusion bad
 occured on the occasion of removing
 the female convicts from Nesrgate in
 open wagons. The common sense oi
 Mrs. Fry revolted at this indecent ex
 hibition, and she suggested that the re
 moval should take place privately by
 means of hackney coaches. The gov
 ernors having acceded to the proposal,
 the experiment was Aried and proved
 perfectly successful. When on hoard,
 Mrs. Fry sod the Isdies of her party
 examined in o the accommodation, and
 made many wise arrangements for the
 voyage; among others, materials lor
 work were provided, which was to be
 sold for the benefit of the convicts on
 reaching the place of their destination.
 This was of more essential service ui
 them than she waa then aware of, foi
 she afterwards learned from the chap
 lain of the colony at New South Wales
 that there was at that time no asylum
 provided for them on their arrival. A
 building has siace then been erected,
 and many proper arrangements made
 for the preservation of the morals ol
 these unhappy beings.
 In August 1818, Mrs. Fry journeyed
 in the north of England and Scotland,
 accompanied by her brother, Mr
 Joseph J, Gurney. They made a close
 examination into the state of the prison!
 on their route, and Mr. Gurney pub
 lished an account of these investiga
 tions, and laid before the magistrates
 at the various places a statement ol
 facts, pointing out to them modes of im
 provement, which were iu roost instan
 ces adopted. Two years after, Mrs,
 Fry, took another journey into the
 north, and in many places was able tc
 form committees, of ladies to visit the
 female prisoners in their own count)
 jails. “The British Ladies’, Societ)
 for Promoting the Reformation of Fe
 male Prisoners” was instituted soot
 after. Its object was to unite these
 branch societies in one body, that there
 might be systematic effort in the gooc
 work. This association has provec
 highly beneficial in many ways by es
 tablishing houses of shelter for dis
 charged prisoners who had no homes,
 aud affording relief, part in the shape
 of a loan, and part as a gift, to such a:
 were willing to earn an honest living
 by their own exertions: also by found
 ing schools ol* discipline for female va
 grants and juvenile offenders, &amp;.C., &amp;c
 —ln the summer of 18*24, in conse
 quence of ill-health Mrs. Fry made i
 »tay of several months at Brighton
 While here she was much interested it
 the state of the poor around—both thai
 of the numerous beggars and the resi
 dent poor in the neighborhood. She
 had, a short time before,, consulted
 with Dr. Chalmers on the best method
 of assisting this class, and was there
 fore in some measure acquainted wit I
 his views: she now directed her atten
 tion to the subject, and “District-visit
 ing Societies” were in consequence sci
 on foot, to examine into and relieve rea
 cases of want.
 Her illness was attended by frequent
 attacks of faintness in the early morn
 ing, and she was at such times carriec
 to an open window for the influence o:
 the fresh breezes. The coast was
 visible from her chamber, and as she
 sat and watched the first gray streak?
 of dawn over the foaming ocean, oi
 gazed on the dreary cliffs before., her,
 only one living object was present tc
 her view. This was the coast guarc
 who paced with measured step the lone
 ly beach.—Her thoughtful and ever
 active benevolence suggested means ol
 benefiting these men, who were in a
 great measure shut out from intercourse
 with their follow-creatures. One day,
 when passing near one of the stations,
 she oidered her coachmen to stop, that
 she might make inquires into their
 general condition. The man addressed,
 however, politely told her that he wa*
 not allowed to hold communications
 with any one whilst on duty. Fearing
 that this short colloquy might therefore
 bring hin into trouble, she gave him
 her card, telling him to present it tn
 his commanding officer. A few days
 after the lieutenant in command called
 upon her, and offered to answer any
 inquires. He informed her that the
 I coast guard were subject to many dan
 gers and privations, being exposed to
 all weathers, as well as to the violence
 of the smugglers.
 She at once provided those in the vi
 cinity with bibles, and afterwards made
 strenuous effoits to obtain libraries fru
 the use of all the men thus employed.
 She saw that the loneliness of their sit
 uation, and the absence of proper sub
 jects for thought, together with theii
 contact with lawless smugglers, must
 of necessity pruduce idle habits and
 fierce manners; and that, to prevent
 this moral evil, it was requisite to pro
 vide wholsome food for the wind. In con
 sequence of her representations, a com
 mittee was formed for this object, and
 by means of a liberal grant from the
 government, and various subscriptions,
 upwards of 51,000 persons were sup
 plied with religious and instructive
 books; 498 libraries were established
 for the stations on ahore, containing
 25,806 volumes; 74 also for districts,
 comprising 1*2,880 volumes: 48 others
 for cruisersjcomposed of 1767 volumes,
 beside 5357 numbers of pamphlets,
 and 6424 school books for the use of the
 children of the crews; making a total of
 52,466 volumes.
 In 1828, a house of business in
 arbieii Mr. Fry was concerned foiled.
 It was not the one which that gentle
 man personally conducted in St. Mil
 dreds court, but h occasioned a loss
 so serious to him, as to altogether
 change the circumstances of his family.
 They were now obliged to give up
 Pleasant House, and all the luxuries ot
 affluence, and remove, after a abort
 stay in London, to a comparatively
 humble dwelling in the vtcsofcy of their
 late abode. The chief causa of regret
 to f mu the foet of her
to the poor around, who bad long looked
 up to her aa their friend, and being
 obliged to withdraw her support from
 her school. Much •sympathy was ex
 pressed in this hour of trial by those
 who had united with her in her labor*
 of lore, and man/ gratpfjring testimoni
 als of esteem and affection were pre
 sented. Notwithstanding the diminish
 ed resources of this remarkable wo
 man, she continued to devote her time
 to the cause so near her heart. In com
 pany with one or other of her brothers,
 she made fresh lours in Scotland, and
 afterwards extended these journeys in
 to several parts of the continent, fheir
 object was not only inspect the pris
 ons, hut also the lunatic asylums, na
 tional schools, and hospitals, which
 were equal/ in need of improvement
 sod a vast amount of good resulted
 from their labors.
 In 1835, .Vrt. Fry accompanied her
 husband on a journey into the south of
 England; and, as usual, it fund-bed
 objects of interest for that strangely ac
 tive mind, which found “wniioiu in
 stones and good in every thing.” When
 passing over Salisbury Plain she no
 ticed the monotonous life led by the
 numerous shepherds, and the thought
 suggested itself that the libraries w. uld
 be equally useful to them as to the const
 guards. She therefore stopped a short
 tune at Amesbury, in order to form a
 library there; and the following letter,
 which was written a few months alter
 by the person who had the charge ol
 the books will show the success of the
 plan. “Forty five books are in con
 stant circulation, with the additional
 magazines. More than 50 poor people
 read them with attention, return them
 with thanks, nnd desire the loan ol
 more, frequently observing, they think
 it a very kind thing indeed that they
 should be furnished with so many good
 books, free of all cost, so entertaining
 and instructive long winter even
 ings.”
 Our limits will not allow of our enter
 ing into details respecting these jour
 neys; but Mrs. Fry and her brothers
 made personal appeals to the soveriegns
 of England, France, Holland, Belgium,
 Denmark, Prussia, Hanover, and
 others, on behalf of suffering humamiy
 Nor did they forget the claims of the
 poor slave, but remonstrated with those
 exalted individuals on their countenanc
 ing the slave trade in their colonies.
 They were received with courtesy, and
 many of their suggestions ad tpted.
 None could listen to Mrs. Fry’s simple
 eloquence, bold in its truthfulness, yet
 breathing the very soul of love, with
 out being touched by it. The monarch
 felt that the beau y of sincerity surpas
 sed the homage of the courtier; and
 the hardened heart of the criminal melt
 ed under trie genial influence o( her
 nature and felt the lovliuess of virtue.
 That she experienced no self-exaltation
 font the universal respect wl.ieh was
 shown her, is obvious from many pas
 sages in her diary. At one time she
 says—‘l have fears for niyselfin visit
 ing palaces rating than prisons, and
 going after the rich rather than the
 poor, lest my eyes should become blind
 ed, oH should fall away in anything
 from the simple, pure standard of trutii
 and righteousness.’
 Fatigue of body and mind had long
 been weakening her health, and in Julj
 1843 her friends became ala m d.
 This illness continued, with short inter
 vals of amendment, until October 1815,
 I when her earthly career ended. AH
 that affection could devise was done for
 tipr; she was taken from one watering
 place to another; hut nature was ex
 hausted. In her sixty-sixth year slue
 r breathed her last at Ramsgate, deeply
 lamented not only hy all who were
 bound to her by the ties of kindred, l&gt;ut
 1 by thousands whom her philanthropy
 had assisted, and her virtues had at
 tached to her. When estimating the
 success of her labors, something must
 1 be attributed to the general spirit ol
 improvement of the age; yet su.elj
 inueh praise is due to those individuals
 who nobly pioneer the way. At the
 time that Mrs. Fty entered this field ot
 labor, the prisons were in a lamentable
 state. Varioas causes had operated to
 destroy the good which Howard had
 labored to effect, and the acts of parlia
 ment which were passed in consequence
 of his exertions had become a dead
 letter. The grout d had therefore, as
 it were, to be trodden afn sh, and lor
 this work Mrs. Fry was eminently
 qualified. Her warm,'loving heart em
 braced the whole human tamily; but
 her chief object was to stretch forth the
 hand of encouragement to those of her
 own sex who had sunk in vice and
 misery, and to lead them to virtue and
 happiness.
Indian Courtship. —An educated In
 dian chief, known as Ka-ge-gah-bowb,
 or Geotge Copway, the present head
 of the Ojibwa tribe, desciibes ihe mar
 riage ceremony of the Chippewas as
 follows: He said that there was no
 courtship done by the young people;
 that it was done l&gt;y the patents before
 hand, and it often came rather against
 the grain of the young people. When
 the day came, the ceremony was per
 formed by the chief, consisting ofu lec
 ture to the young couple, aud a feast,
 after which they were considered a*
 tt.an and wife. But among the tribes
 of the West, there are many very cu
 rious ceremonies connected with the
 courtship and marriage. One way ot
 getting a wife was as follow*: When
 a young Indian fell in love with any ol
 the daughters of the village, he would
 go and sit down within a few yards 01
 her, keeping a strict silence all the
 while; in a few moments he would g«-t
 up and go away, this be repeated six
 or seven times coming nearer to her
 every lime. At last he comes and sit*
 by her side, if she makes no move
 ment of displeasure then he has hopes
 He sits by her several times in this man
 ner, and at last pops the question b)
 putting his band un her baud, and she
 accepts him by putting her hand ovet
 the two. All this time be take* car*
 not to say a word, and she likewise;
 but after tbe question t* poped, then tht
 “words of honey” «re applied, ant
 they soon beenn.e man and wife.
Tat Depth tp the OttAH.-— The
 gmteat depth ever rrecVd by smad
 iag vu to the Atlantic, 6JO ni.U weal
 pf St. Hebta, ebetc Sir Jttoe* R&lt;h&gt;
 fooed no bottom with fell ora .ine of
 •is mi lm sod quarter in Jeigtb.
WrUM If Fiffrtrs.
 IDE’S Pascal WfeH Ohrramr mi WitmQnm
 Hum. TV Favmfog Public um l ’£gl
 tha* I-a Men P«r« have k«» *7
 srrihri for bit re re at pm iaBMicWM o» twIV
 Aprtiw an&gt;« imiaabrtairvof fcfiVAToKt;
 I iy»w w great Hto eat defy ruuokmkmrn
 the whole system ,J fnrrturm. by reducing the f»pw
 •Imxd, they have tnrt the ducided «p|»wVtio«
 an»er«; m (he Mhwiat ceftdteairu from (he tale
 mi practical formers wfosse wmtmm
 ttaehea, afotudautlr ahuw:
 CERTIFICATES.
 I Thu may certify that er, the BubuerH*r», ha»«
 i and used the Patent Wheel Cahivatvr,
 jin .\(TH(S lug, of SV»iv, U»h*» I’M
 j and believe it t« hr,’as a labor-saving ruu
 •hioe, one of the greatest improvements “f «he sge
 By &gt;i, a fanner can pm ta &amp;ua sm 6(mmrn arte
 iik« of wheat ia a year, with the aame amount
 team lx I or; he can also iuw it in much letter ordet.
 By K abw l anaua thistle* and other aoqpuw we*»
 uuty be toiaiiy extirpated. Said machine is So coo
 ttM.cted that it can be regulated to fo any depth. In
 meuis of screws on the «n»T part of the machine,
 and thus either plow up U*' ground thoroughly, tm
 •nly jnrt brush the surfore- Upon the whole, a
 think it deriJedh the best machine ever invented V
 indveriunf the ground and focdiutiqg the labor o
 die Fanner, and ns such ive cheerfully recommend i
 lo onr hruther fanner?-
 Jame* H. I eolcr, James Ide
 EiW* .Newman, John Stereos,
 John C. Wheeler, Hanes Hedley,
 Gardner Bern, James P. Anderson,
 Shelby, Co., April 23,1848.
 We, die undersigned, purchased one of Nathai
 lde*s Patent Cultivator? last Fall, and found i
 mswer the purpose so well, that we bare this Spring
 ii3&lt;lc pui(-h.ite of another. We can with this Plov
 prepare with two horses, eight acres of Lind per day
 for wlient, and it is much better done than by tin
 ••Id plows; and the fond pepared by this Culti vatui
 will yield 5 bush. per acre more.
 ELI CHURCH.
 Riga, June, 1&amp;48. DENNIS CHURCH.
 After these testimonials, the Subscriber deems i&gt;
 unnecessary to enter into a long ami elaborate des
 cription of die implement, widi its various inodes ol
 operation. To be fully appreciated, it must be seen
 and used. No farmer who fully understand? his
 interest will be without one, as it is an invaluable
 implement.
 NATHAN IDE, Patentee.
 Shelby, Orleans Co., N. Y., July 1848.
 IDE’S Patent Cultivator is manufactured by
 LEV I WELLS, Buffalo Street, near the Bull’s
 Head, Rochester, N. Y., wliere farmers are invited
 come and examine for themselves.
ROCHESTER SHOE AND LEATHER
 JOBBING HOUSE,
 THE ftotaerfhers at No. 22 State street, take plea
 sure in announcing to the public that they have
 completed arrangements by w liich thev are enabled
 to otter die most satisfactory inducements to all en
 gaged in the sale or manufacture of Boots and Shoes,
 to coine to this market for a supply.
 They are also oiferingon die most favorable terms,
 a large stork of Sole and Upper Leather, Kip, Calf,
 and Morocco Skins, w ith a lull assortment of Find
 ing, including Lasts, Pegs, &amp;c. Dealeis w ill find it
 greatly to their interest to examine our stock before
 purchasing elsewhere.
 j&gt;lo SAGE k PANCOST.
PRINTING PAPER AGENCY.
 YYJ E are Agents for the Bu alo Paper Mills,
 VV where Paper of the best quality is made from
 pure spring water, very white and smooth. A sup
 ply of News and Book Paper kept constantly fof
 sale by us, at Mill prices, in Large or small lots.
 Any size and quality of Paper not on hand, fur
 nished at short notice.’
 Printers and others will do well to call and exam
 ine die qualit v and price, at No. 6 Exchange st.
 FISHER A Co.
 jy2l Booksellers and Publishers.
Hritish Periodical Literature.
 The London Quarterly Renew, the Edinburgh Review, j
 The JX,rth British Review, the Weitmintter Review,
 and Blackwood’s Edinburgh Magazine.
 THE wide- pread fame of these sp'endid periodi
 cals le iders i&gt; nee.iless to say muc.i in tlwir piainc.
 As liteiary organs, tliey stand far in advance ol
 •i &gt;yi mg of the sort now pul li-he'd, while the polit- j
 teal cmnplexi &gt;n of each js maiked by a dignity, I
 c :n or, and f ibearance, not often found in works
 •»f a paity chaiacter.
 Tliey embrace tl e vipws of the three great parties
 in England—Tory, Whig, and Radical. Black- i
 wood and the larndon (Quarterly are Tory the
 Edinburgh Review' Whig; and the Westmin
 ster Review Radical. The North British Re
 view is more of a religious character, having been
 originally edited by Di. Chalmers, and now, since
 his death, being conducted oy his son-in-law Dr.
 Hanna, associated with Sir David Brewster. Its
 liteiary character is of tlie very highest order. Ihe
 it estiuin.'ter, though reprinted un er that title only,
 is piibliw ed in Fug and under the title of 'I he Fm
 eigi Quaitelly and We»tmin&gt;tei —it heimt in fact a
 union i-f tl:e two Reviews formerly lepuhhsited and
 icptinted under sepai ate titles. It lias, ibe refine,
 die advantage ly this continuation of uniting in one
 ivuik ti.c best features of both as heretuloie issued, j
 T lie above Periodicals ate reprinted in New York,
 immediately on their arrival by the Biitish steameis,
 in a Ireautilul clear type, on fine white paper, ami
 are faithful copies of the originals, Blackwood’s
 Magazine, being an exact fac*nini(c of the Edinburgh
 edition
 RICES FOR 1849, (if subscribed for early.)
 For any one of the four Reviews, §3 00 per annum.
 For any two do 5 00
 For any three do 7 00
 For all four of the Reviews, 8 00
 For Bhckwood’s Magazine, 3 00
 For Biackwood and the 3 Review*, 9 00
 For Blackwood the 4 Reviews, 10 00
 Payments to he made in all cases in udvanc.
 CLUBBING.
 Four copies of any or all the above works will b
 sent to one address on payment of the regular sub
 scriptioa for three —the fourth copy being gratis.
 EARLY COPIES.
 A late arrangement with the British publishers of
 Blackwood's Magazine secures to ns early sheets of
 tli;it work, by winch we shallbe able to pfcice the
 entire number in the hands of subscribers before any
 portion of it can be reprinted in aav of the American
 Journals. For this and other advantages secured to
 our siibsc, il&gt;ers wc pay so large a consideration, that
 w e mav be compelled to raise the (wire of the Maga- j
 zine. There fore we repeat “subscribe early while 1
 tiie price is low.
 and communication* should be always
 addressed, po-t-paid or franked. u&gt; the publishers,
 LEONARD SCOTT k CO.
 70 Fulton street, New York, j
THE GIRARD LIFE INSURANCE, AN
 NUITY AND TRUST COMPANY of Pbila-J
 iHphia. Chartered in 1836—Charter Perpetual;
 Capital, 53U0.00O —Benjumin W. Richards, Presi
 dent. Continues to make insurance on lives, gram
 annuities ami endowment*, and accept trusts from in
 dividual*, coqiorat* i&lt;odie«, ami court* of justice,
 and execute them agreeably to the desire of 'lie par
 ties, and receive deposits of money in inut or on
 interest.
 The Company add a l«*nu* at stated period* to
 the iiMttranre for life, and on the -20tii of January
 last, au addition was mad U&gt; all the policies for life,
 ewatoiug in force and issued prior to Jantmry Ist,
 1842, amounting to 10 per cent, on the sum insure*,
 in policies issued in 1867 7J per cent, cm policies
 issued in 1838, ami in rateable proportions according
 to their respretive date*.
 The chief object of an insurance for life is to pro
 vide a si'.-ii of money at the death of the party insur
 ed, (br the beuefit ut a widow, children, friend* o*
 creditors; and it will he seen on examination of the
 table of rates ol the life iomrance, which will be
 furnished by the subscriber to all w!k&gt; may feel aa
 inteievt in the subject, that by paving a small sum to
 the office every venr during his life, a person may se
 cure to hu family a very consufersble amount at hi*
 decease.
 Wherever the system of Life Insurance i* properly
 understood, it is extensively adopted, and its great
 advantages to all, but more especially *o those who
 tepenU on their own exertion* for the support of then
 amilies, or who may t]p desirioos to secure (be pay
 ment of a sum of money to their friends, creditors o.
 r-hildren, at their decease, which they might be oth
 erwise watble to aecumpbsb, that theopriatsonefthi i
 •ystem needs but to be ex pin mod to ensure the sen
 m» consideration of the public.
 In sevurai instance* it has happened that the part*
 named has died short] after having paid only m
 *r two instalments at the premium, w bra his £uail
 ■ave received from dus office the foil amount fo&gt;
 nhich be bad mooted.
 Fffil reformat-on on this important sabjnet may la
 Atnined tor applying, personally or by fetter (aoe
 t**d) at Ufe otace of the subscriber, the siahniisu
 sgeat of the Ginrd Life Insure net Company.
 WILLIAM BAKE WELL,
 Bakevrefi’t Law Utukiings,
 Grant street, Pittsburgh.
 UTH H. TOFF, Mere bant Tailor, hit Hnm.;
 ■l f 4 j
iifricM Jtimal.
 O. FtmLKK, HHTOk.
 ‘POwfinusl perteet atirMlnt mi am rwe,’ h
 I dm smt mini sftf »wk*. Yet, to do this w«
 mmt demand *tka Hama Co mrttotkm. The
 ffhwulug?, Physiology and Vital Magaeti-iw Mn
 Hnkra, and enoee cx|o4ml all tk* laws of am br m%
 cnadition. a f hum»a, and a&gt;n#utate the phikMo
 pher’s stone of Universal Troth
 rmisoiooT
 Each llamber mill contain either the analysis aw
 IuCMM of swam phrenological bothy, ilhw*mte«l ly
 us Eidcraving. «f an artical on their enrobrxitio«!*r
 tad abo the orgaatzatinw and Hmtarter of same &lt;lt»
 tiagtashed pei *onage, arroaq-aaietl by a likes*-*?.
 rHVSIOLOCY
 Health I Lifr, The gtest instrument of talent rir
 ■me m A happiness, ail «f which if augment*. To i*
 ft*mti«w and raitnrrf.&lt;«n. special atinßsm a ill Is
 fIWB.
 MAGNETISM.
 With practial instruction, interesting farts, an
 hoice troths which it tmfokis, will be prew •rd it
 his Journal
 YOt’NG MEN.
 The Uemings they cajoy, the indamce they cm
 »i*M, and thev preparation for comforting oor oisti
 utiotu, w ill Un m the theme of a eerie? of at tirh**.
 SELF-IMPROVEMENT.
 Who does out long oararstfy, ami would not strivt
 tssiduoualy, to culuvate hia natural powers, ai&lt;
 ender hunselt better and more Imify To such
 ■acb number will be a prompter and texi-lwck.
 TERMS— iawiablv in advauce-—ONE I&gt;Ci-L
 vR A YEAR
 SAMPLE NUMBERS of this Journal will fo
 scat GRAILS, when d.*ired.
 To receive attention, letters and orders nmst U
 POST-PAID, and diircteti to
 FOWLER k WELLS.
 131 Nassan Bt.,N* w Vcrl
IITILLIAM B. LOGAN, De»lfr in Faphionahl
 Boots and Shoe*, 80, I’urchaee ;&gt;ueet, Nei
 Bedford.
 W. B. L.koe r constantly on hand a (food assort
 went, and will wit cheap lor cash. Strict attentioi
 |iaid to custom-made work, by Messis. linker tun
 Davis
 NORTHAMPTON^ WATER CURE.
 Flectricity and Hydropathy.
 THE public arc respectfully infoi tried, tint since
 the philosophical deductions of the learned Dr
 Means, of Emory College, Ga., and lltc scicntifh
 experiments of Mr. Heinmer of England,- havi
 recently and indubitably established die fan, ilia'
 the conclusions at which tlie undersigned arrive*] by
 the sense of touch, in 1841. are in harmony' will
 natural and physiological laws—to wit, that tin
 human l*ody» in a healthy condition, is in a po.iitin
 rltctricnl state, and that tlie elcrtiical emanation*
 from the cuticular surface, indicate health, or tin
 symptoms sad character of disease—there i* smut
 reason to hope, that certain physicians, ignorant oi
 the-**' principles or natural laws, a knowledge &lt;&gt;i
 w'hich is essential to the safe and intelligent metier
 of the healing art, will cease their vociferationr
 against the po.-itivf n.KiTtir.u statj of the
 human body, and will hesitate to dissuade thosi
 whom they have failed to relieve of tlieir complaints,
 from seeking nature's remedy at the NoRTHA.wr-
 Tott Water Core. Thus sustained I v t!w light
 of science, the undersigned maybe permitted ben
 to repeat bis experience, that, in all cases wl erc ih&lt;
 wrist, stomach, or lungs, arc in the eleetro-negntivr
 condition, the patient is beyond the power of watei
 to afford relief. On the other hand, when tin j art?
 of tlie body alluded to, are in the electin-positivr
 state, liowevcr disarranged, tlierc is ground to hop*
 for a cure.
 Had not the results of past years’ ir.ietic*
 already convinced tlie public of the'safety fir tiuth
 fulness of tlie principles by which tlie undersigned o
 governed, in detecting the sy mj toms and ckaractei
 of disease, and practising tlie cure, the reetnt scion
 i tific demoi s'.ratioii of their correctness, by Frofes.-oi
 Means and JVlr. Hemuier, could not fail to r.onvinc*
 the most incredulous.
 Gratefully appreciating die credit so generoosh
 awarded for his success as a Hydropathic practi
 tioner, by a discerning public, and the gratitud*
 evinced by those whom he has had tlie pleasure ti
 relieve of their romplaiuts, tlie undersigned wi.
 assiduously endeavor to sustain tlie credit,and merit
 tlvat gratitude, in the rase of every invalid who max
 afford him an opportunity to effect a cine, by lii‘?
 original and philosophical method of practice.
 The Nortf nun t«m Water Cure is pleasantly situ
 uled near Bensonville, on the weal bank of Lick ini:
 Water, or Mill River, about two and a half mil*
 from tire centre of the town. It is convenientl\
 i arranged, with separate paih.rs, bathing and ilre&gt;.-’-
 j ing»rooms, for Ladies and Gentlemen, well ventil
 ated and conveniently furnished lodging rooms, am.
 j a variety of Imths, supplied with water, wbirli, f&lt; i
 abundance, purity, and adaf UnWss to water -chi t
 purposes, is unsurpassed ly that of any other esta
 blishment in this country. Ihe scenety in tlm
 vicinity is pictuie i*que and romantic Tleie ate
 variety of pleasant walks, sufficiently retited, t*
 allow water-cure patients to appear as tiny should,
 plainly dressed, enjoying tlieir ramhlrs witiioui
 tieing exposed to pul lie gaze or observation
 Among tiie complaints which are Jure surccssfoßv
 treated, are headache, tendency of blood to tlu- head,
 cold extremities, gencial and neivous debility, bum.
 chitis, puhmniaiy affection, livpr coni| la hit, jauu
 dice, acute or chronic inflammation of tlie bowels,
 piles, dyspe] sia, geneia! di bility, ncrvoi s and spinal
 aflertions, inflammatory and chronic rheumatism,
 neuralgia, sciatica, bine limbs, paralysis, leveis, sail
 l rheum, scrofulous and ery?i| elas la nans.
 All pa dents who visit this establishment for a
 course of treatment, should furnish tliemseives w it!
 three comfortables, tluee woollen bbnkets, one rn
 two linen and thiee cotton sheets, two pillow cases,
 six or eiglit crash towels, some well worn limn, t.
 j cut for fomentations, an old cloak or mantle, an inn
 j brella, and a pair of slippers.
 Terms for treatment and board are s»f&gt; 50 to
 S‘B 50 |*r week, payable weekly—washing extra.
 A patient who from choice or tlie character of his
 complaint, occupies a room alone on the third floor,
 i w ill pay i 8 00 per week—on tlie first and second
 floor®, £8 50 per ucck. Patients requiring extra
 attention cr fire h their room.?, (except for swath
 ing purposes,) w ill furnish their own nurse and fuel,
 1 or pav an extra price.
 D HIGGLES.
 NorlhampCrm, March 1848.
 i N-B. Visitors to the Establishment, from the
 east, west, or south, can take tlie cars of tlie Conn,
 i River Railroad at Springfield. Carriages will
 always be In readiness at the Northampton depot, to
 convey them hither.
 The human Mood, in a normal anti healthy con
 dition of tlie human system, is in a positive itate,
 1 which is constantly maintained by the activity of yU-
 I generating sources within—an excess generally pass
 ing off in i-ifence from the cuticular surface, so mat
 I out of 356 experiment* made by Mr. Henimer of
 j England, upon the uncovered *kiu,” 322 indicated
 tin* piesrnre of positive eleetricitv. This surplusage
 of tlie fluid upon tlie surface, we lielievc to be ini tin
 i pensable to the lieaithful erudition of the wlk.lo
 i anitnal cconr iny, and that when, from any cau-c, i«
 j cc diminished or ceases, diseased action ensue-.”
 Geoaddress, delivered before the .Medical College of
 l isSrgia, at the opening of its annual session, \.,v.
 8, 1847, by A. Menus, A.M., M.U., l*rofcsv,r of
 Chemistry ami I’lurmary, and Professor of Physical
 j Science ua Emory College, Ga. f jiage 25
ATHOL HATER LIRE.
 THE Sub*criber beg* leave to call t*e attention
 of Invalids, especially thn«« suffering from
 chronic disease, to hi* hydropathic establishment in
 Athol, Mass.
 His Itonae was opened for the reevmion of patient*
 season, and it i* beliese*l offers excellent faciti.
 ties for a philosophic and llioruttglt course in hydro
 liatiiy- The supply of water is abundant, and in
 F Mr,, y has betn pronounced ecjual to water on a
 distilled.” 1 he location is tjuitc eligible, lieiuj lau
 a short dirtaace from tiw V. k M. railroarl. The
 vicinity abounds in‘a variety of scenery, and ha,
 charming grounds for walks and families. SJo that
 will* the water, suitable regimen, (maintain air, amt
 exercise, patients can reaicelv fail to obtain th*
 heakMul results for which they tabor.
 The following care illustraire this remark. Mrs. l
 8., wife of Dea. 8., of Warwick, Mas*., aged
 about thirty-fere years, was brought to is- I**1 1
 August. Iter ease presented the follow ing phru*.-
 If placed iu an erect position, and kft m
 rfuppor»e«f, the forthwith fell buchwaid to the
 If being well supported, she ommlc an!
 efiurt to walk, eiuter foot, wlutu carried forward,
 **l ,rt her effort* to tbe contrary, would cross the
 ‘d**- She had been in this remditiou nearly a
 year. Her treatment commenced the 16th of Sell.,
 continued to ike 2Atb Ort. only when .hr
 Ml, refer recovered a* u. be able to walk hall a
 uufe with rase. Since her return to her feuuiy, shr
 has coiaiuned her bulbs, with corresponding iai
 inurement ffi her health. Rha now attend* to be&gt;
 lame sue duties, asd with Urn assisuore of a smab
 &lt;»ri, tfoea the work of her foody.
 Patient* are desired to bring’there comfortable*.
 I***" VtiuMui blanket*, asm pair of sheet*,
 doaeu towufe marked, with ohl linen tor
 hnmfefn.
 Terms, tnm fee to ten dollar* per week, accord- j
 •eg to the torttoitii s or rlmku of the pattest*,
 name who are feat particular in the selection of
 «w ttiiiu to occupy them ia cmuhm
 arth others, will be charged fere.
 March, 1848. GEORGE HOYT.
rOTERTV:
 It* ILLEGAL CAUSES AMD LEGAL
 CLUE.
 BY LTtASftE* *POn\Sft.
 The A tommy Pitrirt Cfttk it A Ota' psr-pi iUt r
 page*—« remarkable
 Wbrthec at) the ant&gt;c&gt; nation* m Mr. Kj«onwrr
 *w»W 1* leilbrtt ly the full aAoptioci of l,i«
 her* «tnp p, enquire; tart we brwrt.Wfx.tp.
 •anal, bin endeavor l« the notice of all w h&gt;ve a
 lAMfurent CnrtiiV rflrtm&lt;v-&gt;int&gt;«&gt;| id trv p,*.
 tnd entire from tr» f nf
 of wet 'af atty. Ana judicialwriter,hr h***de,4j,
 a romp***, tar fay.-nd -my ore who*e prodnrf.
 hate mti «nr m» in a Wi tiasr.”
 Ilnnt'i M»itta*tV M ft
 in hnkl anti origin »l thought*. The itlrril rrttt».
 |V.*e&lt; tv iwe end :i .wnh- of mrpwtam rr _
 hewing &lt;m« the rntym bird down; u*
 «h»!e, treevuvkVr lt work «»ii worth ntwS.ny-_
 V ordittf it An** trrv mfrtabl* hint* to ih*/
 &gt;i»m awl rm«&gt;HUii|.”
 TV Barter (iiK uer-iv*— An *M* ~-,H r m
 ly neijf.ml »otk. fn-m the' jen eg Spo,*,/
 Ksq.—aaiivtr of lint pavre f&lt;d tw it wl h-K rVnv-.
 ■•tiaten tl* tinman! nut tonality of American Sluety
 rhere in no wider of tl*- »?e,of I(V
 clung than Spooner.,’ Tina new ta
 tii«e*l to (hml to a reexam.nxtiojy of {JWt
 •etna of prfitit al croanatv.” At fr*t I f
 tonucal proposition* attrike ,y* *nm;n*h!e_^, c
 tfry air kit w alk will pierfo!, ard pr&lt;*»i*
 mportaot (evolution in ti.e ptesent prey*;.;™
 •cut.
 Every one sbeslil rend it.”
 ISELA MARSH, P,linker, Boston.
 Pari 1. Piini' ?5 Only.
 l.*nM&lt; Attaint Lxiuui
 L* tl* only remer y that C3n !.c relied on for t...
 rem anent cine of Spasmodic Conti action*, Irrita
 tii no! the Neivr*, Ncivcu- «r Sick Men* art'
 NVit. us Trcnoi*, .Neuralgic Afectiocs. Get.ri
 Debility, Lcfciency of Nrrvow* awl Fhv*icn! Ener
 tj» awl all iNirti-tu Hi.order?, mcludit g tiic gyat
 r.iea. iui ol all di'-rs?.'* that afoot tee kumrut rae,
 fptlrpttf, v.- Futh*!" Htsiciirtl Kirs,
 C'onvoision*, Spasm.', Fee ii is «efi known, uwi
 fiom lime imnu tnotial, Phyaician* have rronotwe.i
 Fpileptic Fii* incutal&gt;■. It !»n« loflh’j s r r
 skill, and ihr loaned |*&gt;wrr. i nil nwstieme, aiwt
 roiMctpN m.v thot.sanda h ite 0,10
 eiaUoey.i«n !my. an«J at- l ist y ioh «t up ihr.r liv, s on
 ihr Altar &gt;j /exility.—l Ik- pit ritt. rof ike Ve"tt
 i*lile F.xtrarr, l ow* vrr, hcl* no «ii lic;*cv i* sa\ir~
 i hat it cr.n be ru-cd. He would, ti* re fire, reset C
 hilly inviii' f hysM tam', and all others who ar** tnlt.
 rsted. tof-vmd’x list U-timony wlticlt is here of tie 1
 If it i.M deception, at j- Im exposed lot if n 4
 tree, then in tlx- uautc nf henianilv, no lonfer let it
 l»' ?riid that f pilej &gt;y i- inccrablr.
 Uuirt's l rgi’af L Frtrart. For sixteen vn;v
 has fss'i* tC'ted In many who have sittft ted
 with tliis drradiul tli-saic, Bad in every who,-
 tt l:aa h-ari a fair iti:d, has eilcet.d a py-tmanent
 cine*.
 "I. Htj&gt; low ot lookers New Votk, state? that
 his daughter has liceii alihcted with Fits for mote
 than nine yeat.s, nwi has Urn cured I v tlie use of
 tin- egetal I&lt;&gt; Kxtrat t.
 Mis. J. Prat’ey. 11A OtThani street, Xrw Voik,
 stales ilctt «lic hns hicn snhjrci to Fits for mam
 year*, and has la-s n restored to perfect health (alu r
 every oilier men,is Imd failctl) by the use of lit.
 Vegetable Extract.
 Hr. Charles A. Brown, of Dover, Russell co.,
 Alabama, who is one of the lest I livsirian* tit tlir
 Jhate. s. \i that la' has ecu much l.cnelittrd hv tla
 use ol litc \C‘_eial lc Exliact, and that It,* uni,trim
 ingiy pre-nil es it in every case nf Fpilej *y whidi
 comes umler his knowletlgc.
 I intis (i. Mayhcny, h sq., tornxth' Postnuflri
 at Lime .Mills,Ci.iwli.rd Co., Fa., now livieg in
 F.iic t t&gt;.. Pa., .“tat' that for many a»t h*
 has l ent sorely altliete.l with Fits, 'at'.il he is now
 *'t»rr&gt; to slate that a pei.sevrries; use of l)r. Halt’s
 \c«&lt; t,.l lc Extinct, l as restnie.l him to -i und Icwlth,
 1 lieing cntiieU fiectl li&lt; m that wor-t of all diseases.
 Judge Ram sill, .N. 156 lictnv sticet.Ncu Noth,
 having it-Ci! tic\	get:il!c FxtiHct stcccssftilK m
 Ins family, highly iciomu entls it lo all pt isons "who
 ate all.tend w itfi Fits.
 M. Sttpl.cn E. Pratt, corni r of Sixth Averts
 and'l wCntv-Sixtli sfiect, New Yolk, dates tl ai
 Mr. Clius 11. L&lt;.lighten, a u ruder &lt;-t his laiuily I :m
 j l4*cn no severely nil.ietcd with i ile| lie Fits It.r
 many yetur, that he was obliged to rt lintjiii.-h ii
 husino*. Having toed Dr. Halt’s Vtgelid lc tx
 tiaet (says Mr. Pratt,) lie was soon icstored to
 I erljcct health, and left this city f t the State tn
 Chin lo resume his I usiness.
 Rev.’ Me. Smith, Rector of St. Peters C’hurou.
 Spotswood, New Jersey, wlo has Letn alhicttd
 with F| ilej tic Fit; h r more than forty rear*, start s
 that le has used Dr. Hail’* Yegeitd k Ixtiatt, ant!
 his henhh hi s I een 3&lt;» murli iti&gt;| roved That lw hi |es
 by Diviin blcssii g, lo lave no time Fit*.
 I phj.tK IH,~ Fot twenty-seven y»ais and *ix
 mot tl cuied Ly tire use of this liuly we nofcriul
 medicine.
 Rt a«t the follow lug remat ki.hle case of the son oi
 M in. Sect it*, F sq, of I biladclf hia, all. it ted with
 F &lt;lc| tic F its twenty-seven ye’ais and «ix u.onihs
 Aftct ttavellieg tint.ugh England, Sct.tlanti, Ccr
 many and Fiance, consuhiig tie most eminent
 fhysician*, and exf ending h r u.ediciiie, u.toical
 ircatii.cut and advice tl ice (In r,.«anil dt hat», reiut tied
 with hi* s&lt; n to tins couiitiy in Notrembcr last., with
 out it ct ivii g ar.y l.ei el.t wht h vet, and was cured
 by using lion's VtgftoUe xtra&lt;r. I have urnt
 overthne diousantl (.oilats for n.e icineaiul n;ts.ical
 aticn«!a"ce. I wna at‘.vised to take a tour to tu
 tope w ith him which 1 did. I liist visited Fingiand,
 1 ron r iihed the im at cmintnt physicians rhtie in
 rcrpeit to his ease; they rxauiincti him and j icsen-
 Ix-d accordingly. 1 reu ained thete ihicc u.&lt; nl l
 without pc»retv ing any change for the I t tt. r, which
 cost me ;&lt;l out two hum ted and Ifn thllnis, jotl
 itcd by the j hysicians, and tl.e un.st that I lecnved
 wa* tlieii pinion tliat my eon ease m s hi i tie**,
 and I C.bl il\V L\ l.\ot ll.f LLL, lttccoreiigly'
 hft Ei gland ti a veiled tlnougli fcicotland, Gern.i.u.
 and Ft mice, and retimed Lome in tie on,nth I
 tNoVcii her last, with my sou as tar fiom Leieg cuie»!
 ;i* wlieu I le.t, I saw your advciiixenicnt m ~U P ,f
 lie New Aoik |;i|cis, and concluded to tiy H»it’
 Wgvt. blc Exti at t, Meing your statcn.enls and
 certificates of ao many cure*, s' ti e of twenty a„«;
 tinny year* standing, and I ran H *su«e von 1 am i i t
 soriy 1 did so, a* Ly die use of Hart’s Vegetal lc
 Extiact alone he was restored to PLRFLCI'
 HI.AL 111. His ica«o;i, which was so fat gone a- to
 unfit him for bosinexs is entirely rt si. red, With the
 rorpect now lielotc him ol hie, health and ti*eful
 ness. He in now 28 years of age, and 27 yearn d
 months of this time has been adtictrd w'uli dm
 ria.et dreadful of diseases, Lut thank uod is now
 enjoying good iiealth.
 Now, sir, faith without vvorkv I don’t believe
 ill. Tu say I sliall l.c ever gratclid to you is om
 thing, and as I Imre enclose von one ImndictltloUr-,
 I itavc no doubt I ut you will think this rtnoilier ai
 quite a diffemt thing. 'I he debt oi gratitude 1 still
 owe you; lait please accept this .-linonnt mtn&lt; i
 onrlrodela iu advance.
 Vourx, very respcrtfullv,
 (signed) W lI.LIAM SKCORE.
 TESTIMONY I lON TESTIMONY.
 In reference in tlie aimed miiamlt«s eda aev &lt;i
 this holy wonderful tmditi.a, lead fcllowim
 k tier fiom Hr. W. L. Motmuc, of Guilford, Oio
 one of the roo*| eioioent physicians in that place
 Ciuilfoid, (&gt;hio, Aueuat 17, lH|d.
 ltrnilrer laborer in lb.- raune ol hun.anitv Dca
 sir; 1’ i« with no small degree of pica sate that I
 am CMtblcd to announce to voo the colt ph-le iui.o.’
 ol y«j«r invaluable nwxiicijtc in nuts of Dpi It p-v. I
 liavr ptMiilnlit tu I'mi in*lancet ru ihit v.riudv.
 and it lta» Icen highly *wtc»»fui in rill. 'I hue i
 tla- patients, I tto*i, le,vr bteu radicilly cnrCo
 ll* hauih oof i- rnniiily im|ir»viug, imi will, I
 think without ildiht i. I am i*&gt;l in the habit
 of p.rf rtlimj r iTCornwmslintf psirnt nxilim*'
 I ui wtwu i »tr .n&gt; wbn It (a.Kiusr* so n.u.
 h»r Um: leitrl «it" xuhciini; heu at.tiy, I del my c t.t,
 to recoamtend it, and I have r*» heniurliio in no
 ing that as soon a* tin- Dimity are hilly acquarM* ti
 with tbe real merit -d y,itr medicine, tlxv will
 rloae their eye* against ptejuduc awl lend um s
 htrl|ii*i| bund.
 I *ui ncTiliC mviu h" amcen ly
 [Sigacd] \V. L. MONkOE, M. I»
 To i»r. 8. Hart, New York.
 THE TIME IK NOT I AR DISTANT
 hen ti*»m»aiidx wl*&gt; art m.w Uenddmg Ui*Wf
 j the hand &lt;d U..* orcadlul doiea*€, and leaimg ii..t
 every ;»na«k may prove foul, will i M
 relief amt be n*M«l to new lifo, U ustny thn
 i ceb-ixalcd mt-riicior
 OVER ONE JHOLSAMJ CERTIFIFATIb
 Have lcr.l received in teMuwmy t/ tU Bv.nlir.aJ
 rewl! pit*lured by U* l&gt; r Hart «ta
 IjV- Extract.
 oC&gt;* ft. IJART, M D., New York.
 j prwe, m* package &lt;A
 Do four pwckagt LO
 Do enrtM package* 2b bO
 9T It t* ryefoll, jnwkwj M u Ui
 jsiMi itru Us mw t aji iA the l u*i»i
 *&gt;“i Met ludiev.
 HUM Aft A MILS, ltd Mam street. Ci«
 craualt, Ohio, Wiwial Ageat* for the- 1 1 »**d
 States, tj whom ail conuuuaic.uhas* t it ad*
 foeeaed p,,^.
 Corner vf Eulion and WiUimxSt.
 New Y«kf
 JJ- Main A St. Pnul* Rochc*
 i g* MuHi ige, 217 Main tutu I ufiafo,
 E- foajford, Agent* for (.'icnSami OLio»
 kittbvurne, UnibUu,
 II Hrll, Itanat, MioH/gan.
 J* t ueuinghaiti, MiMwaukie ll M.
 Re«d. and t'v., ChiclD.
 T. U«..m, LKduapMl lo«rw.
 H. Bhwk iey.me! C**., St. U«ia Mo.
 Aal for Salr bj newt uf the ptm tpml DnftMßi
 i UfoWUM* tW badsU Statu*.
 THOMAS k MILLS, ItS Mam M*,
 Sr-ly Clwi i»i t (M&gt;.
