I KUH'.KK'k IIOCOLASS, J
 M. H. DF.LANY, Kd,to
VOL. IT. NO. 23.
ihe North ST ill i» pablinhfd even
 I'rid ay, at No. 2a, llnttalo Street,
 (fJppOMte tkt Arcori* i
 TERMS.
 IVo dkmar* per annum, «T-sy* t*
 •■it(-r.i|&gt;ri ,ft W .H revived lor a le*« term than
 ■tX TO*.Util-.
 Advertisement* not exceeding ten lnw-&gt; inserted
 three time, f.n -ne doll.r: every Mil- .juent i»"*r
 i.h», tweiitv-fivr een*
 Th i: «&gt;ii tot i lie &gt;nt n s "'ll I"* to attack
 dr urrv in *»d it* l fill- and aspect*; advocate
 I itvißMi Kmt cn* a tiox vdt the standard
 m| M-mi.ni prenv*;. (lie in.ial and in
 telle tnul lent &lt;-f the t -i "Hi I'n.Pi.r:
 ;1 ,,1 h,»i. i!i i FREEDOM to the Thbi.e
 Mil ui'-ts it id*i M i- Frti.ow ocx
 l -it It V X.
 pmi.lSilKß s NOTICES.
 rmtn.min.wnn relative to lie* W.r
 m ,.r. m ,h, papr, c-t there, mna-
 I• I. .X. ,V. J, i'*■ addret**» Joitx Dick,
 l i, !i her.
 f .it and all other.* s,. ttt |ing names, ate
 &lt;,i .'led l.i a. I’ltrat- .at -ive lilt- Pont OjSre,
 t.&lt; r a, mi,, and tit- Sf- t tr. K:tili StjiM-riln-r is ini
 in .i.ately &lt;Te&lt;tiled Or inonev teceived.
 A liy j»f-rs.iii semling *he payment for f&lt;»lir
 •i-&lt; rtle-it.i ha vvaitir-d to one address, may
 ivc a til'll, ropy tin one year.
 All h-!ti i s and communications nm-t lie post
 ~ud.
 I IS I «»F MiENTS.
 Mass k m si. i t —K. Walt an, 21. ('diuliiil,
 R ran; Nathan J •iiiimni. New Bedford; Horatio W.
 I lit, I. mi'll; James N. RiifTtim, hum; (ieors-e
 F ti: Worcester; Bourne Spooner, Plymouth;
 ttailcs ll.' Still, Spriilgiioid David Ku-ales,
 N i thaniplon H. (’arpeiiter, Cptoii.
 Mum.—Oliver Dennett, Portland.
 t t-.Miixr. —UuuSand T. Robinson, North r
 n-hurtf.
 t iijivt lit i i .—Jntiaihaii la oiiaiil. New Haven
 Nt n II x'lt sitiKi —W. are T;t|ip;ut, Bradford.
 kav A okk. —Sydney 11. (Jay, 112, Nassau
 '•tied: James McCone Smith, 9M, West Broadway;
 .1 i-i ph P.,-1, Wt xtburv, (tiieen County .Mary Har-
 Alha y Elia- Doty, Mured,m, WMelts Kee.-e,
 pern, t'linimi County William S. Baltimore, Troy
 .1 F. Plat Penn Van; J. Jeffrey, Geneva; E. 1,.
 I*l ill, BaFi.
 Knotik Isi.anii.—Amarai try Paine, Providence.
 I’ t &gt;s y i vania.—.l. M. M ’Kim, 31, North Filth
 Sinn, Philadelphia; (i. W. (ioines, S, Exchange
 pia-e, Ditto; B. Boyyn.Piltsbursrh; Wm. Whipper,
 (ol i.iihia; Isaac Robert: Jacob 1,. Paxon, Norris*
 i own, .Montgomery Comity, Milo A. Townsend,
 i w Brighton.
 Ohio.—Christian Hoiiald'on, Cincinnati; Wat
 son and (.iaincs. Ditto* V alentine Nicholson, llar
 vevslntrgli. VV anrit Co.; Saamrd Brooke. Salem.
 MlCJtu.an.—Robert Banks, Detroit.
 Indiana.—Joel I’. Davis, Economy. Wayne Co
Selections.
 AIHIK toss
 I'rmn ilit I*i u r. I’osc.RK'S O'MMiTTU in L/ni
tims ('onumttn m oif
 I'nUtd St atm. j
 Dear Fr winds: We have learned,
 with*great satisfaction, that a Com
 mittee has been formed on your side
 of the Atlantic, resembling our own
 in its construction and objects, and
 prepared to co-operate, in the attain
 ment of a common end”, with ourselves,
 and our estimable friends in Belgium,
 who have also been organized on simi-
 Jar principles and for a similar purpose.
 L mted thus in sympathy and aim, we
 feel that we should be also, so far as is
 practicable, united in counsel and ac
 tion. With this view, we venture to
 send to you across the waters these
 few words of triendly and fraternal j
 greeting, believing that we shall be all
 mutually strengthened by the consci- j
 ousness of sympathizing and extended
 fellowship.
 Of the remarkable Congress held by
 the friends of Peace at Brussels last
 year, you are already fully apprized.
 That experimental demonstration was
 undertaken in much anxiety and tear,
 with imperfect opportunities ot prepa- 1
 ration, amid many sinister prognostica
 tions of failure, and in the face ot not
 a few circumstances of difficulty andj
 discouragement. And yet its success
 was in every respect unequivocal and
 triumphant. It was an assembly which
 was felt to be, both for numbers and
 character, too important to he either
 ignored or despised, even by those most
 reluctant to recognize any seriousness
 ur reality in such movements. Enlight
 ened and earnest men from various
 parts of Europe gathered around the
 uplifted standard of Humanity with a
 glad and spontaneous promptitude,
 which proved how deeply charged their
 souls already were, w ith kindred senti
 ments and sympathies, which wanted j
 only the critical touch to call forth, in
 eager and eloquent utterance, the con
 victions and desires which had been
 long pent up in their hearts. The meet
 ings were pervaded by a spirit not un
 worthy ufthe cause and the occasion—
 a spirit of generous and catholic hu
 manity, which, triumphing over old
 prejudices of nations and creeds, fused
 all hearts into one—ot culm, and elms- j
 tened, and devout enthusiasm —the otf
 t juiiig, not ot momentary excitement,
 but of deep, earnest, and enduring
 principle.
 The.results ol this memorable as-,
 .'•embly have been altogether remarka
 ble and auspicious. It has elevated
 the cause of Peace out ol the obscu-i
 i it v of years, into a commanding promt-j
 uence which challenged the attention!
 of the whole civilized world. It has,
 formed a rallying point, to which multi-;
 tudes of minds iu ail Christian coun
 tries, wiio had before been grieving or;
 hoping apart, can now look as a com-;
 inon centre for their aims and aspira-,
 lions; and it has, above all, opened!
 the way to other movements, on a scale
 commensurate with the greatness and
 dignity of the cause.
 I bus beckoned on, as we believe,
 we may without presumption or pro-,
 fanity say, by the directing linger of
 Providence, we dare not hesitate in
 following the onward course which
 seerns to be prescribed to us.
 In obedience to these intimations, it
 bus been resalved to hold a second
 annual Congress at Pans, in the month
 &lt;»f August, with more of deliberate,
 preparation, and on a more extended!
 scale As far as we can see at present,
 all things augur well for its success.
 M de Lamartine in France, and Mr.
 Cobden in England, have already pig
THE NORTH STAR
nitied their adheiion to the movement,
 and we have reaaon to believe that
 many of the leading minds of Europe
 will dignify it by their presence, and
 aid in its deliberations. We are con
 vinced, moreover, that the great revo
 lutions which have recently shaken the
 continent of Europe, and which may at!
 first sight seem to render yuch a move
 ment unreasonable, have, on the con
 trary, contribJted make this an
 epoch pre-eminently favorable to our
 object.—The attempt to
 Peace principles has been hitherto, in
 many parts of Europe like sowing the
 seed by the way-side—ground which;
 had been trodden into hopeless obdura-i
 cy by the footsteps of hereditary and
 conventional prejudice for many gene
 rations. But this ona hardened surface
 of European society has been broken
 up by the late social and political con
 vulsions, and a fresh virgin soil thrown
 out, full of a robust and teeming fertili
 ty, which it behoves us, ere it is pre
 occupied by a noxious, malignant
 growth, to see thoroughly impregnated
 with the seeds of human brotherhood,
 benevolence, and peace.
 We must not, however, conceal from
 you, dear friends, that the full success
 of this demonstration will depend, in a
 very important degree, upon you and
 the Christian public of America. To
 raise it to the level of an object and of
 an occasion so great, it must be emphat
 ically a Congress of the two worlds.
 By that means, it will be lifted out of
 the region of national jealousies, the
 baleful legacy of past centuries of ani
 mosities and conflict which still becloud
 the relations of all European countries
 with mutual suspicion, into the serene
 and lofty sphere of universal humanity.
 Your presence will be accepted by alii
 as a suflicient guarantee that there isi
 no selfish or sinister object of European
 policy under the guise of philanthropy,
 but that the movement is what it seems,
 the advent of the era of our common
 brotherhood, under the inspiration of
 our common Christianity.
 It will not be enough, dear friends,)
 permit us respectfully to say, that Am-!
 erica send delegates to the Congress.
 To meet the requirements of the case,;
 the delegation must be such, in charac-,
 ter and numbers, as shall worthily rep
 resent your great country iu the
 presence of assembled Europe, and on
 an occasion so momentous and august.
 The mere fact, indeed, of a large com
 pany of devoted and distinguished men
 (and may we he allowed to add, -of
 women also) crossing the waters of the
 Atlantic, on such a mission of mercy,
 will furnish so impressive a demonstra
 tion of earnestness and moral power i
 arrayed on the side of our cause, that i
 it cannot fail to sink deep into the
 heart of the world, and be regarded of
 itself as a significant presage of our
 success. We have attained, beyond
 11 doubt, toamo3t critical point in the
 history of the peace question—a point
 which demands and will amply reward
 great sacrifices and an unbounded de
 votion on the part of its friends.
 To you, then, dear friends and fellow
 laborers, we look on this occasion, with
 feelings of expectation and anxiety,
 which it would be difficult to describe.
 Can we doubt, indeed, that the appeal
 you have made, or may yet make, to
 the Ctristian heart of America, for
 men and money to worthily sustain'this
 great enterprize, will be responded to, i
 in so cordial and generous a spirit as
 will enable you to charter and lade a
 vessel, which will bear to Europe such
 a freight as the world has rarely seen;
 and which, as they land on the shores
 of the old world, will send to the heart
 of the war-demon so long enthroned
 there, a thrill of terror, which w'ill be
 felt as an omen of its approaching
 doom, and gladden the face of human
 ity with the smile of an unwonted
 hope.
 We are, dear friends, on behalf of
 the Committee, yours fraternally,
 Henry Richard,
 Elihu Burritt.
THE SAME OLD FALLAC lES
 REPEATED
 _
 Some of the threadbare, time worn]
 and prevalent fallacies of the pro-slave
 ry party, which have seemed of late to
 be getting into disuse, are brought
 freshly to mind, bv their serious repe
 tition in the letter from “a Member of
 the Society of Friends,” a part of which
 we publish in another column. Flimsy
 and baseless as they are, and oiled as
 they have been exploded, their endorse
 ment by a man, from whose birth and
 education, and Christian profession, we
 might hope for a clearer head and
 truer heart, may give them importance
 in some eyes, and help to mislead men
 anxious to find excuses for their own
 pro-slavery relations, or criminal in
 difference to the claims of humanity.
 Hrror confidently assumed, and fictions
 boldly asserted, often pass for Truth
 and Fact among the unthinking and
 prejudiced, and the longer they go un
 exposed the more liable are the masses
 to take them for grauted The safest
 policy is to stamp them as counterfeit
 j the moment they fall into our hands,
 and to continue to repeal the mark
 every tune they are returned upon us,
 till their character is known and their
 currency checked. Wc will repeat a
 I few of the false assumptions and as
 sertions in the letter to which we allude,
 and add a word of comment to each.
 fallacy Ist. I hat slaveholders know
 all about the subject of slavery, while
 the people of the North are quite igno
 rant concerning it.
 However plausible this may seem,
 the fact is, that abolitionists of the
 North know vastly more of the slave
 system and its economical, political and
 moral result*, than ninety-nine hun
 dredths or the slaveholders in the
 South. The error is founded on &amp;no-
RIGHT IS OF NO SEX-TRUTH IS OF NO COLOR-GOD LS THE FATHER OF US ALL, ANT) ALL WF. ARE BRETHREN.
ther, uz., that only mose who live in
 the midst ot any practice or system can
 know its character or consequences.
 Do rumsellers alone understand the
 subject and evil* ot Intemperance;
 libertines alone those ot licentiousness;
 despots alone those of injustice and
 tyranny; wa rrioraAone those of war,
 and liars alone tfiHe ot deception and
 fraud? Shall we throwaway the works
 of Lyell, and Siiliman, and other emi
 nent geologists, and go to the peasants
 and farmers of Europe and America to
 learn the geological features of the
 two countries? If we can know noth
 ing of the past beyon J our own personal
 experience and memories, and nothing
 of the present beyond our observation,
 there may be some justice in* mis
 plea
 Slaveholders if they dared look
 slavery in the lace, are to a great ex
 tent so blinded and distorted by their
 system of wrong, and their fancied
 self-interest, that they are incapable of
 seeing and feeling its evils and wicked
 ness, as impartial men can do. No
 men know less of the great science of
 human rights, and human relations and
 duties. Few know less of the practi
 cal operations of slavery. They are
 the last men to thoroughly examine
 these facts, and contrast them with the
 workings of Freedom and Justice;
 while with the abolitionist these ques
 tions have been subjects of patient
 investigation and serious thought, and
 his judgment and perceptions have
 been clearer, that he has stood above
 the fogs which becloud the vision and
 chill the hearts of the southern people.
 Believing that a residence in Virgi
 nia or Austria is not necessary to a
 knowledge of the laws of nature and
 justice, and the rights of man, or of
 the condition of the slave and serf, or
 the evils of oppression, we shall proba
 bly continue to plead for liberty, and
 denounce despotism and man-robbery,
 as heretofore, without waiting for the
 tyrants themselves to come forth, as
 leaders in the needed reform.
 Fallacy 2nd.—That slaveholders are
 anxions to get rid of slavery, and arc
 only waiting to discover the practical
 way to do so. Doubtless there are here
 and there slaveholders who feel self
 reproach for their sins, and know that
 slavery is their curse; as drunkards
 and gamblers and thieves feel concern
 ing their evil practices, hut it is not
 for lack of a way, but for want of the j
 will of humanity, self-denial or;
 courage, that they do not “get rid of
 slavery.” A .short, straight path of;
 escape from the evil lies directly be-j
 ore them; a patff already trodden byj
 housands of the wise tfhd good;* the'
 lafety of which is witnessed by great,
 lowerful, prosperous and enlightened
 dates and nations, at home and abroad,
 iriz. Emancipation. If they would
 *ain prosperity and happiness, let them
 choose this high road to virtue.
 We know that Slaveholders have!
 long gulled verdant visitors from the j
 North with the pretence that they
 were anxious for the abolition of slave- i
 rv, but we have not forgotten another j
 assertion, spoken in Southern mobs,}
 Louisiana purchases, Florida negro
 hunts, Texas annexations, and Mexican;
 wars, —the world of action—which de
 nies the coward lie of their profession, j
 When we can forget that they have 1
 been the enemies of free speech, have
 struggled, as for life, to quench dis-j
 cussion and suppress, the truth, which
 alone could reveal the true remedy for
 slavery, and that they are even now
 striving in every way to extend and
 perpetuate their system, and to shut
 out the intrusive light from its dun
 geons, we may give credit to the
 assertion of their Quaker apologist.
 As it is, we only marvel at the creduli
 ty which in the face of a thousand
 facts, can believe the absurd pretence.
 Fallacy 3rd.—That the owners of
 hundreds of slaves are as conscienti-j
 ously opposed to the system as any
 abolitionist can he. We envy no man,
 the judgment to believe, or the reck
 lessness to affirm such a propositon.'
 Precious little can he know either of
 conscience or of the abolitionists. We
 have a habit of looking to men’s ac
 tions rather than their words, to learn
 the character and strength of their
 conscientious convictions, and until the j
 old rule “By their fruits ye shall know
 them,” is amended by the authority
 which proclaimed it, we shull continue
 to use that text. To talk of a con
 scientious opposition to crimes, we are
 daily committing and resolutely cling
 ing to, is to abuse men’s common sense
 and misuse the plainest language.
 Fallacy 4th. That slavery is a
 matter between the master and their
 God alone. Then it is nothing to the
 slave and his wife and children aud
 kindred and friends, that he is plun
 dered of his manhood and all the rights!
 of a man it is nothing to the communi
 ty that it is polluted by crimes; to the}
 slate, that its citizens art; robbed aud j
 its peace invaded it is no concern ofj
 philanthropists that misery and suffer- j
 mg exist where should he joy and bliss,}
 or of Christians that wickedness
 abounds in the land and crime goes
 forth unchecked. These are all mat
 ters “between the criminal aud his
 God.” We had supposed that we had
 a right to {oppose injustice aud vice, j
 to defend virtue and purity, and to
 sympathize with the poor and suffering,
 and plead for the oppressed, and “cry
 aloud” against the oppression; but this
 sage moralist —this modern Daniel—
 comet up under his broad brim wrap
 ped in sober drab, with his smooth face
 and oily tone, to teach us that this is a
 great error that nobody has anything
 to do with slaver)' but the master and
 his God. The teachings of Jesus and
 the prophets were quite wrong. If we
 dare to love our neighbor, to treat man
 i as our brother, to pity the suffering, to
ROCHESTER, N. Y.. FRIDAY, .JUNE I, 1849.
feel indignation at oppression, we are
 stepping between the slaveholder and
 his God. The moral maxims of the
 world and the principles of law uni
 versally acknowledged, are all false,
 for they teach that the wrong done to
 one man is done to all, and that the
 peace of society and the protection of
 its every member, are the concerns of
 all; all our institutions, social, political
 and religious— founded as they are on
 the idea of social relations, duties and
 rights—are fundamentally false and
 must be exploded. Cain was the true
 philosopher and moralist, the Priest
 and Levite the great Exemplars, of
 the East.
 What lie -hat AJoin or I
 Brutalized; that our poor brother has
 fallen among thieves; that our country
 is polluted a;id disgraced by hideous
 barbarisms; that the world God’s
 beautiful world —is turned into a
 charnel-house, or dungeon of torture,
 to millions of its children? That is a
 matter between the oppressor and his
 God. Out upon such doctrines! They!
 are rank atheism, or worse than athe-i
 ism. They dethrone the intiniie Fath
 er, and rend the human brotherhood
 into millions of repulsive atoms. How j
 long and how often most the truth be
 repeated, that whatever concerns hu
 manity, concerns us; that we can no)
 more escape from the obligation tO|
 protect the needy and relieve the op-’
 pressed, than we can cast off our|
 nature and escape from the government
 of the Eternal?
 Fallacy sth. That masters receive j
 their slaves without their consent. Who 1
 compels them to be slaveholders? Sup
 pose it be true, as in some instances it
 is, that they did not purchase or liter
 ally kidnap them, but received them as
 legacies or gills, did they not accept
 that gift of human chattels? A thief
 offers you stolen goods, you take them j
 and plead that they came into your pos
 session “without your consent.” The
 owner demands from you the stolen
 property; you resist his demand; he
 pleads with you and you gag him; he
 attempts to take his property; you
 pursue him; he resists and you shoot
 him, and then retaking your plunder,
 reiterate that it came into your care
 “without yonr consent.” What arrant
 absurdity! Who believes the shallow!
 pretense r
 Fallacy (ith. That slaveholders, if!
 left to themselves, would soon adopt
 emancipation laws. Where is the
 evidence? When did tyrants ever
 give up their power without a struggle?
 For fitly years nearly, the slaveholders
 of this nation were “left to themselves,’”
 and itfhat was the resuTP They multi
 plied their victims, extended their
 territory, increased their power, and
 with a greediness as insatiable as death,
 they grasped after more. They have
 met remonstrance with insult, resis-j
 tance with fury. They rejected em-!
 ancipation in Kentucke, and still later,
 when fear forced the question upon
 them, in Virginia; and now they de-j
 mand that church and state, the press
 and the pulpit, shall all extend their
 sanctions and their support to their!
 system. Does this look like voluntari
 ly emancipating their slaves? But it
 seems almost a waste of words to dis-j
 prove what intelligent men must reject j
 as palpably lalse. That the present i
 agitation for emancipation in the slave j
 States is owing to the anti-slavery j
 movement at the North, is too evident l
 to need a repetition of the proof.
 Fallacy 7th. That freedom of speech J
 exists where it is not safe to circulate j
 papers, or lecture on slavery. Our|
 Quaker friend must have novel ideas of
 free speech. That his speech was
 never restricted, is probably for the
 good reason that slavery has nothing to
 fear from it. The dragou is quite con
 tented to be patted, and stroked, and
 fed with dainty tare, but let any man
 resolutely assail and seek to destroy it,
 and he will find it as a dragon still.
 There is and can be no free speeh for
 any one, in the South, until slavery’s
 power is broken. But wc will not
 refute this self-contradiction. e have
 given more space to these trashy apol
 ogies for the slaveholder, than we de
 signed in the beginning, and now leave
 them withoun noticing several equally
 false and irrational positions ot the let
 ter. We are heartily tired of refutiug
 assertions so absurd, and we fear our
 readers can sympathise with our weari
 ness.—Peen. Freeman.
From the New York Tribune.
 A C HRISTIAN' PHILANTHROPIST.
 We are not aware that the following
 letter w as intended for publication, but j
 it does seem to us that the world can ill j
 afford its suppression. Gerrit Smith, j
 its author, is one ol those who believe
 the Earth was made for Man, and that
 his right to use and cultivate is not lim
 ited by his ability to pay for it. He
 has already given away a large num-!
 her of acres to poor colored men, and j
 he now proposes, so far as he has to i
 give, to do the like by a still larger;
 number of whites. He frankly says it 1
 is not generally of good quality, but it j
 is such as he has, and such as money j
 has been paid for, and could be sold for j
 money again. e presume he would j
 much prefer to have this considered an
 act of dutv and justice rather than aoj
 act of charity, but it contrasts so sig- j
 naily with the spirit evinced by exten
 sive landholders genersllj, that it will
 be difficult to repress the gratitude and
 admiration ot the upright, and especi
 ally of the poor Here is Mr. Smith’s
 letter.
 CIRCULAR.
 Feterboroi oh. May 1, 1648.
 Dear Sirs: I still have village and
 1 city property; hut on the larger share
 of it there remain must long re
 main, a very great debt. The debt
 due to the State of New York on my
other land will, I hope, be paid within
 the coining rear. All, or nearly all,
 such of this land, as shall then remain
 upon my hands, 1 shall wish to give
 away. There will, perhaps, be enough
 of it to enable ine to make gifts to a
 thousand persons. These persons must
 be white inhabitants of the State ot
 New York; must be between the ages
 of 21 and 60; must be virtuous, land
 less, and poor; and must be entirely
 clear of the vice of drinking intoxicating
 liquors. Moreover, they must in each
 oounty, be taken from the sexes in
 equal numbers. Along with each gift
 of land, there will be a gift of §lO in
 money. Where the land is worth re
 moving to, and where there is a dis-i
 position to remove to it, tins money'
 will to defray the expense of remo
 val. In perhaps every case, it will be,
 sufficient to pay two or three years
 taxes now due, and also the taxes for
 number of years to come.
 Each county, except Madison, is to
 share in the proposed gifts, and each
 according to the amount of its popula
 tion. I shall not be blamed for mak
 ing this exception by any who are
 aware that, in some two hundred and
 fifty instances, I have given to inhabi
 tants of the county of Madison. Nor
 shall 1 be blamed for distributing
 the thousand parcels of land among
 white persons exclusively, by any who
 are informed that three thousand col
 ored persons have received deeds of
 land from me entirely free of all charge,
 either for the land, or for the expense
 of perfected deeds thereof. I will re
 mark here that the deeds of the thou
 sand parcels will be made, acknowl
 edged, and prepared for record, at my
 own expense.
 The number of beneficiaries in each
 county are as follow s.
 Albany 30 Onondaga 28'
 Alleghany 16 Ontario 16
 Broome 10 Orange 20
 Cattaraugus 12 Orleans 10
 Cayuga 20 Otsego 20
 Chatauque 18 Oswego 20
 Chemung 8 Putnam 4
 Chenango 16 Queens 12
 Cliuton 12 Rensellaer 24
 Columbia 16 Richmond 4
 Cortland 10 Rockland 4
 Delaware 14 Saratoga 16
 Dutchess —22 Schenectady 6
 Erie 32 Schoharie 12
 Essex 10 Seneca 10
 Franklin 8 Steuben 20
 Fulton 6 St. Lawrence 26
 Genesee 10 Suffolk 12
 Greene 12 Sullivan 6
 Hamilton 2 Tioga 8
 Herkimer 14 Tomlin* 14
 Jefferson 26 Ulster ll^
 King’s 32# Warren 6
 Lewis 8 Washington 16
 Livingston 12 Wayne— 16
 Monroe 28 Westchester 18
 Montgomery 12 Wyoming 101
 New York 150 Yates 8
 Niagara 14
 Oneida 34 Total 1,000
 The next thing in this letter is to say,
 that I have a great favor to ask of you.
 It is that you go to the pains of select
 ing the beneficiaries in your county;
 and that you do, by Ist of March next,i
 let me know their names and residence.
 To guard the beneficiaries ot your
 county against disappointment, I wish
 you would inform them that most of the
 land is of an inferior quality; that it is
 probable that, in some instances, it will)
 prove to be unfit for farming; in some,l
 of little or no value either tor farming,
 or timber; and that it is possible (Ij
 trust, but barely posible) that in somei
 instances, my title will fail. Ttou will, 1
 moreover, inform them that, in the
 event of my not having land enough to
 give each of the thousand a parcel,
 some of those chosen in your county
 may be unsupplied. You are, howev
 er, authorized to say to them, that who- 1
 ever of the thousand shall fail to get a
 parcel of land from me, shall get, in
 stead thereof, §4O in money—and this’
 too, in addition to the 10. The $6O
 will enable its possessor to buy forty
 acres of Government land. I hope that
 it will be expended in some land or
 other; for one of my deepest convic
 tions is, that every person who can,
 should make himself the acknowledged
 owner of a piece of land. His doing so
 would hasten the day when the right to
 the soil shall be everywhere acknowl-;
 edged to be as absolute, universal, and
 equal, as the right to the light and the
 air. May the blessed day come quick
 ly!—for, until it does come, our world
 will be one of disorder, oppression, pov-
 erty, vice; and, let me add, that it nev-,
 er will come, until the religion and pol-j
 itics. the Churches and Governments
 of the world, shall be so imbued with
 the spirit of justice and brotherly love,
 as to call for the coming of that day. j
 The parcel for each beneficiary will
 probably vary from 30 to 60 acres. In
 a few instances, it majf exceed6o; and
 in a few, where its value may be above
 the average of the parcels, it may be
 less than half of 30.
 All the land is in the State of New
 York.
 Respectfully, your friend,
 Gereit Smith.
 To John Cochrane, fill ham L.
 Isaac T. Hopper, George H. jErfliu,
 and Daniel C. Eaton, of the state of
 .Vei e York.
KIDXAPPIXG IM ILLINOIS.
 Three or four weeks ago, a family of
 colored people, emigrating from M»*
 aouri to Canada, while aided on tbeir
 way by some of their friends on the
 under-ground railroad, were stopped
 by a band of ruffians, who, without
 law or authority, seized the woman
 and two or three of her children, and
 carried them off. It was afterwards
 reported that they were put upon a
 boat, and carried to St. Louis, where
 the kidnappers received a reward of
several hundred dollars for their per
 fidy. The lather and husband who ac
 companied the family, and saw the col
 i ored man, escaped, as they happened
 at that time to be some miles ahead oi
 the waggon that contained the chil
 jdren.
 We learn from a communication in
 the Sangamon Journal, from S. D. Mar
 shall, a distinguished lawyer in Gallatin
 county, that four children were kid
 napped from Pond settlement, in that
 county, on the sth ult.—The first and
 second were females, one and the
 other 17 years of age—and the others,
 boys, one 9 and the other 5 years ot
 age—all children of Benjamin W. Fau
 ver, who offers a reward of £*i&gt; tor the
 recovery of eucn of *he OhtUlreu, tr re
 covered in the State—sso if recovered
 out of the State—and one hundred dol
 lars for the recovery and conviction of
 the kidnappers, four in number.
 The father was tied while the kid
 nappers were taking the children. Mr.
 M. says that “Kidnapping has been a
 regular trade in this part of the State—
 particularly in Gallatin county. The
 band of kidnappers is organized, nu
 merous, increasing, and will continue
 to increase, unless the arm ot the law
 is strengthened by additional legislative
 enactments. We know who the men
 are, but cannot punish them, in conse
 quence of the disqualification of ne
 groes as witnesses; the prejudices ot a
 large portion ot the people against them
 requiring positive proof; the ease with
 which they can postpone their trial from
 term to term, &amp;c.”
 Mr. Marshall recommends that a
 session of the Legislature be called to
 pass laws sutficient for the protection
 of this class of our population. Ihe
 Journal very properly remarks, that
 there is little hope that the Legislature
 would do any thing effective, after hav
 ing refused to pass any new law's, or
 repeal the old ones. A public sentiment
 must be aroused against kidnapping be
 fore our Legislature will do anything.
 It is also reported that one of the
 kidnappers who flourished in this city
 in the same line last fall, returned
 again a few days ago, to commence
 operations here. The Tribune says
 —“He is too leaky a subject to be suc
 cessful.”
 “He says the slave-owners in whose
 employ he was, generously gave him
 100 for the indignities which he suf
 fered while in their service, and were
 so liberal in their offers as to induce
 him to risk another attempt. They
 (the slave holders) are not bo anxious
 to get the runaways back a 2»i T
 count their value, a*--
 “beat the'Yankees. This is his story,
 as we obtained it from one whom he
 thought entitled to his confidence. W e
 advise him to return immediately to his
 employers. If he remains here, w'e
 shouldn’t wonder if he again becomes
 entitled to our sympathy.”
 Our friends will see from the above,
 that there is much to be done before
 the soil of Illinois willj&gt;e free.
 revel in the maelstrom.
 Come; dance around, my jolly boys!’
 said the Captain. And away went the
 merry tars in a continued circle around
 the deck, shouting till their lungs were
 spent. It was a drunken frolic.
 ‘Captain,’ said the pilot, who alone
 refused to join in the jollification, ‘we
 must drop anchor at once. The wind
 has died away, and the ship has perfor
 med a quarter circle within the last
 minute.
 ‘Ha! ha! ha!’ shouted the Captain.
 Fill your glasses, rny lads. Dance a
 round, around, I say; the good old ship
 is keeping company.
 The pilot rushed back; with a pale
 and concerned look, to note the indica
 tions of the taletelling compass. Pres
 ently' he returned with a lace livid from
 fear.
 ‘Captain, he cried, ‘for the love of
 heaven drop anchor at once till the
 wind springs up, for we have entered
 the maelstrom. See with the glass.
 Yonder ship has cast anchor, and is
 making signals to us.’
 ‘Away! thou white livered fool.’
 screamed the Captain.’ ‘My lads 111
 give you a song.’—He began:
 “Awaj away! with tli- bo/w of care
 The devil is Iditiwomc ;ind merry.—
 Odd boot* it where if there’* pleasure there,
 With plenty of Champagne and berry.”
 The pilo*. was fraatic. No one vol
 unteered to aid him in dropping the an
 chor. It was a feat impossible for one
 to perform. Now' a signal *hot boomed
 from the other ship. A boat put forth
 with a line securing it to the ves»el.
 The pilot ran to the heavy line boat,
 but could not move it. In vain be call
 ed for aid.
 Still the dance and shout, the song of
 revelry went on. Once again he flew
 to the compass and in despair seized
 the useless helm, for no wind filled the
 sails, and still the ship moved on the
 mysterious circle. For the last time
 he comes to give the solemn warning
 to the now reeling Captain and crew.
 He begged and prayed them to heed
 their danger; but danger seemed to
 have a fascinating sound, and was ans
 wered with a laugh. As they laughed,
 he wept, cautioned them with tears,
 and threw himself over into the sea.
 With a strong frame he swam through
 the fatal current towards that boat pul
 forth to rescue, and reached »t in safe
 ty. As long as line could he had in the
 anchored vessel, the boat continued ill
 way towards the ship with the drunker
 i crew. They came within bail and call
 ed on the crew to save themselves
 One or two sobered by the sense o
 danger, threw themselves into the sea,
 and succeeded in reaching the boat;
 but the others became stupid. JJ*
 line was at length exhausted
 ship could now he seen slowly moving
 in the narrow circle, ye* those on board
joltN nub. pvsto»«**&gt;
WHOLE NO. 75.
put forth no elfort for their own preser
 vation. It was a fearful sight. From
 the other vessel every eye was strained
 with an intense gaze Rapid, hurried
 action was there. Still the hue was
 extended with every species of material
 that could he found for the purpose..
 Necessity became the inventor oftturntt
 never heard of in an ordinary
 cy.
 It availed not to reach the drunken
 crew Without power to aid, those in
 the Imat beheld them hastening on to a
 terrible grave, with the agony and ex*
 citeinent each moment increasing.
 Night was coming on. Faster grew
 the motion of the doomed ship. At
 last the approaching shadows warned
 iliem io return. l&gt;arkncss soon settled
 upon and veiled the scene, and when
 the morning again dawned, the ship
 with the drunken crew had vanished
 forever from the sight.
 How fearful is the warning conveyed
 by such an incident. \et the dread
 circle of the fearful maelstroom, is
 scarcely more certain in destruction
 than the giddy circle of Intemperance
 —.V Y. Organ.
 COLONEL BENTON’S APPEAL.
 Below w r e publish the short Address
 of Colonel Benton, in which that dis
 tinguished Senator appeals from the In
 structions of the Legislature directly to
 the whole body of the People of Mis
 souri. The Resolutions to which he
 refers take the ground assumed in the
 address adopted by some of the South
 ern Members of Congress at Washing
 ton last Winter, known as the ('nlhoun
 Address, and instruct the Senators, and
 request the Representatives, of Mis
 souri to act in conformity with them.
 To the People oj Missouri—
 The General Assembly of our State,
 at its late session adopted certain reso
 lutions on the subject ot Slavery, and
 gave me instructions to obey I hem.
 From this command 1 appeal to the
 People of Missouri—the whole body ot
 the People—and if they confirm the in
 structions, l shall give them an oppor
 tunity to find a Senator to carry their
 will into effect, as I cannot do anything
 to dissolve this Union, or to array one
 half of it against the other.
 I do not admit a dissolution ot the
 Union to be a remedy to be prescribed
 by statesmen for the diseases of the
 body politic, any more than I adipit
 death or suicide tube a remedy, to he
 prescribed by physicians for the natur
 al body. Cure and not kill is the only
 remedy which my mind cun contemplate
 in either case.
 i think it probable, from whyt l ob
 serve, that there are Inany citizens
 good friends to the harmony and sta
 bility of this Union—who do not seethe
 Missouri instructions and their proto
 type, the Calhoun Address, in the
 same light that I see it, and in the light
 in which it is seen by other* who best
 understand it. For the information of
 such citizens, and to let them see the
 next step in this movement, and where
 it is intended to end, I herewith subjoin
 a copy of the Accomac resolutions,
 lately adopted in that County of Vir
 ginia, and fully endorsed by the Rich
 mond Enquirer, as the voice of the
 South. Ido not produce these resolu
 tions tor the purpose of arraigning
 them; on the contrary, I see something
 in them to admire, as being bold and
 open, and the true interpretation and
 legitimate sequence of the Calhoun
 movement. I consider the Calhoun
 Address, and its offspring, the Missouri
 instructions, as fundamentally wrong;
 but to those who think them right, the
 Accomac resolutions are also right ami
 should he immediately imitated by simi
 lar resolutions in Missouri. I produce
 them to enable the people of Missouri
 to see what it is to which their Lego*
 lature would commit the State, and
 what it is they have instructed me to
 do.
 I appeal from these instructions to the
 people of Missouri—the whole body of
 the people—and in due time will give
 my reasons for doing so. It is a ques
 tion above party, and goes to the whole
 people. In that* point of view the Ac
 comac resolutions present it—nad pre
 sent it truly; and I shall do the same. I
 shall abide the decision of the whole
 people, and nothing less.
 Respectfully, Thus. H. Benton.
 St. Louis May o,lBll*.
 American Cities.—The growth of
 American cities is unparalleled in the
 history of the world. Already half a
 million are embraced within the sub
 urbs of New' York; and half that num
 ber within those of Philadelphia. New
 Orleans contains about one hundred
 and fifty, Boston one hundred and thir
 ty, and Baltimore one hundred and five
 thousand inhabitants. The second child
 born iu Cincinnati, it is said is still alive
 and has not reached the middle age of
 life, while the city has'a population of a
 hundred thousand. Tie population of
 St. Louia was about I.MtO in 1*10;
 16,000 in 1840; 40,000 in 1845; and is
 j probably now not less than tiO.OOt*.
 Buffalo contained 2,412 in 4825; m
 |h4o, ‘29.70ft; and now contains about
 45,000. In 1896, the population ot
 I.owell was ft,5:12, it is now ftO.tMW
 Chicago, a place scarcely known on
 the latest maps, has already reached a
 population of 18,000; and Milwaujue,
 ‘of still more recent origin, rivaling
 it in its growth and population.

 Tkcth —A parent may leave an
 Restate to his son; but how soon may it
 be mortgaged! He may leave him
 roonev, but bow soon may it be squan
 f dered! Better leave him a sound con
 dilution, habits of industry, an unbiem
 fished reputation, a good education, and
 an inward abhorrence of vice in any
 shape or form; these cannot be wrested
 from hun, and are better than thousands
 of gold and silver.
