Notices.
 Frederick Do««tAß*
 Will speak on Slave ry at—
 Warren, Maae. Tueo. even. sth June
 Scbuyleravilie, N. V, Frida v *th
 Quaker Springs Sat. *h
 JD* Fiieods at three place* will please to
 make ihe necessary arrangement*
 Tie Yearly Meet lag
 Of the Religious Association of Kromda and
 other* will be held at Junius, near Waterloo,
 N. Y.. commencing on First day, (Sunday.)
 the 3d of June, at II o’clock A. M.
 Fifteenth Aaaaal Meeting of the A Mer
 ic aa AatMMavery Society.
 Rrporied for the Standard, hy W, Henry
 Bi rr, Phonographrr
 HOCK CHaCKt, WEnNESDSY EVENING.
 ThMftpctetv met according to adjournment,
 Mr. (JBboo m the Chair. Mr. May, one of
 the Secmanes, read the resolution)) before the
 meeting aftet which W m. L. Garrison ad
 dleased the meeting, as follows:
 Mr. Chairman—l hare been requested to
 say to the audience that it is desired by those
 who have admitted us to this place this even
 ing, that no demonstrations of appUuse should
 be made the reason given is this—that we
 are under a Church. If we were anywhere
 rise it might be that our lore of liberty w ould
 be very apt to break forth and manifest itself
 even through our feet, and no offence would
 be given and none taken. Where the spirit
 of the Lord ia, there is liberty, and where
 liberty is, there is the plsce to plead the cause
 of the oppressed, and to manifest in every
 natural way our sympathy w ith the slave, and
 our adoration of the cause of human freedom.
 Now, this is the calamity to the Christianity
 ol this land, and not of this land only, but it
 is universal, that w c and our houses, out days,
 our times, our seasons, our ordinances, and all
 these merely external things are sanctified
 and holy, are enforced upon us as worthy of
 our most sacred regard. And we have learn
 ed the lesson well, pre-eminently well, as
 other people in other lands have learned the
 game lesson. But as for man, created in the
 Divine image, made but a little lower than the
 angels, we have not been taught to regard
 him ss sacred as for his rights, God-given
 and inalienable, we have not been taught to
 regard them as such, but as given only to be
 taken away in case the individual has not a
 skin colored like our own. 1 do not marvel,
 therefore, that we have sanctified days, times,
 seasons, ordinances,and houses; but we have
 forgotten to remember who man is, and what
 he is. I do not marvel that we, like the Jews
 of old, can strain at a gnat and swallow a
 camel.’’ I do not marvel that to-night, with
 all our sacred places, with all our holy days,
 with all our houses of God, so called, with
 all our church organizations, we have three
 millions of our countrymen, clanking theii
 chains, smarting under the lash of the driver,
 ranked with the beasts oi the field, and treat
 ed as such.
 We must reverse the whole of this. There
 is nothing sacred under heaven but man—
 Him first, him midst, and him without end,”
 in regard to this matter of sactcdness. Men
 need to understand this, that the incidentals,
 or the machinery to elevate the man, are not
 the things sacred but that man, as created
 in the Divine image, was to receive no detri
 ment as to his natural liberty which God in
 tended him to enjoy. All these forms, and
 seasons, and times, are not of heaven, but ol
 man, and if they are of any use it is only to
 elevate man. If they do not therefore tend to
 promote his freedom and lus happiness, they
 ought to be trampled under foot or cast aside
 Here we are, under a church. 1 speak noi
 invidiously, of this particular church 1 know
 nothing of its character, or of its congrega
 lion, or pastor but ,we are here under
 church that is just where Anti Slavery ha
 been with the church on top of it. All tin
 way through its progress the church has ben
 pressing down upon it, putting it beneath itsel
 and seeming to rega d us as unworthy to com
 up and stand side by side with itself.
 Now the church, by whatever name called
 after professing to be Christian, should throw
 its doors wide open to receive our calls i
 should not wait to be asked or supplicated
 but its doors should be ever opened, ewer read'
 to receive the advocates of freedom and thi
 enemy of Slavery and why 1 What is th
 mission of the church 1 ll is redemption i
 is the overturning of the kingdom of Satan
 it is the promulgation of the principles an&lt;
 doctanes of Christ; it is to proclaim libert
 to the captive it is to consummate the mis
 sioo of Jesus. The advocate of human lib
 erty of all men should be the first to enter tit
 church, and the first to be welcomed by thi
 chuicb. Show me a body calling itself b;
 the name of Christ which stops its ears to thi
 cries of the poor, and needy, and oppressed
 which strikes hands with thieves and consent
 with adulterers, and you show me a churcl
 that is guilty of cruelty, fraud and great wick
 edness a church to be assailed and scourgei
 and reduced to powder. Three millions o
 our countrymen are without the Bible; tin
 American church professes to regard us cir
 culation among men as essential to their sal
 vation, as needful to make them wise untt
 salvation. Three millions of our country rnei
 are stripped of that book hy law not left b\
 accident, not left in the condition of those u
 the islands of the sea who have it hot became
 it can not be proffered, but because the law:
 forbid its circulation among them—simply be
 cause it has not been circulated. In our lain
 we are not only guilty of ilus terrible impiet'
 of neglect of them, but we say, They shal
 not hsve that which we call the Word oi t iod
 they shall neither read it nor be allowed t&lt;
 learn to read anything contained in it.” Nov
 it seems to me as clear as any proposition cai
 be that they who look on and see our oolore&lt;
 population deprived of this hook and can
 nothing for it, who raise no voiee against it
 who feel not horror stricken in view of a, an
 not believers in the book. They do not be
 lieve that book to be the Word of God ihei
 do not appreciate it. No matter if they an
 officers and supporters of the Bible Society
 and are zealous in giving the Bibb: to thos&lt;
 who are destitute in our own country and ove:
 the world if they do pot feel moved m theii
 inmost souls with horror in view of the fac
 that three millions of the American popula
 j lrC by law the possession ant
 reading of that book, they are unbelievets ii
 it; and when they pretend to reverse it then
 is M truth in them, because if it is the Wore
 of God, it is the Word of God to all men
 and if it IS essential to make those who are u
 the islands of the sea wise unto salvation u
 essential to our slave population. There
 fore the roan who loves the book m all om
 it for the race; he who believe* it lt&gt;|
 one roan believes it good for all men, and he
 who can look on and see one human being de
 prived of it, much less lie who can sirikt
 hands with the oppressor w ho takes it away
 is infidel to the hwik, and is only zealous it
 circulating it elsewhere because it is fashion a
 We 10 do so, or because there u&gt; a show „t j„
 ety in it. For there is no cross in this
 the Bible abroad. Men are not tried by dom
 that which everybody does, and which every
 body is disposed to do. When religion w alki
 tn silver slippers it is easy enough to follow it
 her footsteps. When men are praising a par
 ticular object, it is not s great cross to prai*
 that object. We are tested in our love of vu
 tue and truth, and our fear of God, v hen op
 position looks us in the face, because we wii
 do tight —when persecution, reproach, am
 contumely are arrayed against us, because w&lt;
 are unpopular in doing right.
 Men profess to receive Christ ;ut their Sav
 iour now what does u prove in regard tc
 them Do you know anything of their char
 hy then profession Wno finds it diffi
 cult now u&gt; profess to believe in the Christian
 railh. Why the tune hss gone by long since
 when it was any proof of a man’s moral char*
j acter to profess Christianity. It is fashionable
 to believe to Chrinnwiy, q«ite unfashionable
 not to do so. It i* my safe, and popular, and
 advantageous. for a man to profeae to believe
 in Chrfet and be a Chhatian; it ie very unsafe
 and not at all advantageous for a man to die
 believe Christianity. Bat at the present day
 we have no real lest of character by a man's
 profession of Christianity. There baa been a
 tune in the history of our race, when for one
 to sav, l believe in the Son of God be is
 my Redeemer; I believe in the Gospel," was
 a teat of character; it showed a spirit which
 soared above all human opinions or human in
 stitutions, which was not afraid of persecution,
 •of the rack, or of the fires of martyrdom.
 These were the tunas that tried men's souls
 i religiously.
 In regard to the marriage institution, 1 do
 not sec how any one can pretend to believe in
 its mo red ness who is not deeply moved with
 horror in view of the abolition of the marriage
 institution among th« slave population. If the
 human mind has any intelligence and light on
 this subject, I do not see bow it is possible for
 a person to be virtuous and not cry out against
 slaveholding as a damning sin, even if there j
 be only thts single feature about it, —it abol
 ishes the marriage institution. It is one gteat,
 active volcano of lust and impunty, throwing;
 i out its lava, spreading desolation and death,!
 blighting every green thing it is Sodom and
 Gomorrah combined it is one mighty stream
 of pollution—no marriage, no protection for
 virtue. Tell me whether virtue be in the
 hearts of those who are striking hands with j
 slaveholders in Christian fellowship 01 in po
 litical fellowship l What is vutue 1 Is there
 any such thing as virtue 1 Is there any such
 i itiujf; m awrred hetoro t Whjr
 not then sacred to the slave as well a* to you
 or me’ What if your State government
 should have power strong enough to strike
 down the marriage institution, and make con
 cubinage universal 1 Is not the thought hor
 rible 1 And yet* your Frapire Slate is not
 populous enough to compare w ilh the slave
 population of the South, who are without the
 marriage institution. Tell me whether the!
 curse of God be not resting upon the uphold-*
 ers of that institution in our land. Is it true!
 that judgments tell upon .Sodom and Gomorrah 1 j
 why not upon us l What form of uncleanness
 does not prevail where this institution exists 1
 Why, let the slave mother dare to raise her
 hand to protect her virtue, and the infamous
 monster who dares to claim her as his prop-!
 erty rnav strike her dead with impunity. And
 yet slaveholders are reputable men, honorable!
 men, Godly men; they fill our churches, oc
 cupy our pulpits, hold high places in the State,
 and control the Union, while he who sympa
 thizes with the down trodden and oppressed is
 one to be hated, to be anathematized, to be ca
 lumniated, to be ranked among the off-scour- j
 ling of all men. Talk of virtue, talk of faith
 in the Bihle as the Word of (Jod 1 it is a de-
 lusion and a lie. The American people are
 given up to oppression and to uncleanness, i
 j and the victims are ready at any time to tes-
 I tify and will go as swift witnesses before the
 bar of God to testify against us as a people.
 In our meetings this season, 1 have heard
 some speakers say that we attack the church
 for such reasons. It is not exactly the phra-1
 seology that I would use. I deny that we 1
 have attacked the church; 1 deny that w e
 have been the aggress* s in this matter. 1
 deny that we have travelled out of our way to
 see if we cannot have a quarrel with the
 church. On the contrary, we are church
 members, many of us. We were brought up
 to revere the church we ever believed it io
 be the church of God before our eyes were
 anointed in regard to this System of Slavery,
 land we saw the guilt of it. We had all our
 prejudices to overcome, in this matter. Wc
 did all we could to avoid coming to ihe con
 -1 elusion that that which we looked upon as sa-
 cred was indeed anything else but the church
 of (Jod. No, we do not attack the church.)
 i The church attacked the slaves and the slaves’;
 advocate, and the defenders of liberty were
 necessitated to repel the blows which the
 l church inflicted upon them. If the American
 church were against Slavery (perhaps softie of 1
 ;you w ill believe it is) we should
 know it in a f irst, as to the
 estimation in which the church is held by the
 slaveholders on the one hand, and then by the
 advocates of freedom on the other. Tell me
 whether the American slaveholders have any
 controversy with the American church 1 If
 the church is Anti-Slavery, then of course
 they have. If the church is on the side of the
 j slave to befriend him, then of course the slave
 j is supplicating the benediction of God upon
 i the church, and the slaveholder is gnashing
 his teeth upon it. What are the tacts You
 know them all. The slave pow er has no con
 troversy with the American church it finds
 its choicest refuge in the bosom of the church
 it is defended and sanctified in the name of
 the Lord, and the Scriptures are marshalled in
 support of this cruel institution. Then it is
 nothing else than treachery, and our business
 is io unmask it and expose its lottenness, for
 only in so doing is there any hope for the re
 demption of the slave. It is the prevailing
 religion in all lands screening and sanctifying
 popular abominations, that is the difficulty in
 the way of reform. You cannot politically
 sanctify sin and have it prevail popularly when
 your religion condemns that sin and "what- j
 ever in any land is upheld by the church of the 1
 j land, whether that church be Mahommedanor
 j Christian, or any other so called, you have
 first either to crush the church, or else so o
 vereome its opposition to the cause of right
 eousness as to enlist its support, before any
 popular sin can lie put down.
 Is the slave a man, my friend 1 Is he a
 man 1 Who made him 1 Where shall we
 place him Has he the features of a man 1
 i the form of a man 1 Is he accountable to the
 same (Jod that wc are 1 Did Jesus die lor
 i him as well as for us 1 Is he under the same
 {law of God l Are the same precepts laid
 down for his olredience which are laid down
 for ours 1 Is he to be measured by the Bible,
 {if you please, as well as ourselves 1 What
 ■say you 1 is lie a man 1 Where will you
 place him, I ask 1 If he is less than a man,
 how much less? What is the guide which
 God gives him in order to govern his actions
 as a being less than a man 1 Gan you tell me 1
 j You will not say that he is wholly a beast.—
 I Even they who have the leprosy of prejudice
 most violent will not say that he is wholly a!
 beast. Is he half, two-thirds a beast 1 If he
 is, how shall we measure him? What will 1
 you require of him What shall be the pun-;
 isliment that shall be meted out to him incase
 of disobedieuco 1 Not the punishment ffieud
 i out to man, but probably something less.— j
 Now those who are forward in denying the)
 {equality of the negro with the white man, 1
 when they come to talk of punishment in re- j
 gard to any wrong act, are always disposed to
 have the heaviest punishment given to the
 i colored man as compared with the whiteman.
 For instance, Slavery illustrates it in a re
 markable way in Virginia. You know there
 are there something like seventy-two crimes,
 which if the slave shall commit, he shall be
 executed, whereas, the white man can only
 i find two or three w hich will subject him to the
 gallows. What does this imply, as a matter
 i of justice 1 Of course, if we look at this sub
 ject of punishment, it implies that the slave is
 not only a man but he is superhuman, and sins
 l against so much light that the penalty U to be j
 increased. Tbe punishment is to be multipli-
 led because condemnation should be in propor
 tion to the guilt, so that m fact on one bwid,
 while by law we degrade them to the condi
 itlul* boasts, on the other we try them when
 th fy do wloo ß though they were angels
 W ho stn against higher light than we could
 possibly obtain hete on earth.
 Now the great difficuliy we have to comeod
 I Jn lhwlw J u&gt; regard to our Anu-Slaverv
 I movement, is an unwilling ness to see in the
 lorm and laee of the slave, a man. The roo
 u*eot we recognize in bun a child of (Jod one
 like ourselves, all difficulties vanish we LJZ
 our cavillings sgsio* u*
 tool in f»« Ihsi Urn, im*
 pleading the cense of tbs slave. The moment
 we meke the cese of tbe stave out own for
 instance, as husbands whose wives are read*
 for the public suction block, whose children
are to be put m the aeales to be mM by the
 pouod to the trig heat bidden, tint moment we
 reeae to have urfanktoftad «ith those who
 plend the cause of the southern slave. Talk
 about the excessive teal of the Abolitionists!
 It is cold. Talk about bta bard language f
 It ts not beginning to apeak— at least vou and
 I would nr so if we were in the condition of
 the slave. O, we should marvel that they who
 pretend to sympathise with ua. did not know
 how to lighten, did not know bow to thunder
 we would if God should only put as into
 their places.
 Now. here we are untight representing the
 slaves in our land. On the side of the op
 pressor there is power”: oo the side of the
 oppressed there are few to stand up. Here
 we are, bow shall we feel, how shall we act!
 1 tell you friends that ia pleading the cause of 1
 the Southern slave, I never have thought of
 that slave out of myself, or oat of toy own
 family. No. let God be my witness. 1 have
 at least endeavored to approximate to the con
 dition of the slave. It is a matter of living
 principle. Any human being in boodage is
 but anothei copy of myself. Therefore ssid
 Jesus, Love thy neighbor as thyself.” Yes,
 in that slave mother, my mother 1 see: in that
 wife, my wife is there in that slave child a
 bout to be turned away forever by the ruthless
 hand of the tyrant, my own child I see about
 to be torn from me. Can 1 therefore have any
 dimness of moral perception in regard to such
 a subject No. my vision is clear. Can I err
 when I sit in judgment upon such conduct 1
 No, nature is true within us. There is no
 slaveholder in the land who will not confess
 that if he were in the condition of the slave,
 he would feel that the Abolitionists as repre
 •antinp hie were anvthing but true to
 that case, because they come so r~ *hort of
 the zeal, and energy, and fidelity which ro®
 case required.
 Whatever we may say or think, or stop to
 hear from the lips of any prejudiced person,
 God looks upon the slave as a man; Christ
 regards him as one worthy of redemption.—
 So do we, friends, and if we can only get you,
 and the rest of the people of our non-slave
 holding States, to come into this state of
 mind, the w ork is done there will be no more
 clanking of chains, there will be no more
 shrieks and groans of those under the lash of
 the driver going up to heaven the day will
 have come lor the jubilee song to be sung. I
 do not ask any aid on the pan of the South to
 abolish Slavery I only ask the North to take
 sides with the slave, even by withdrawing
 their influence and support now given to the
 slaveholder—standing passi v e, if you please,
 letting the line of deraarkation run broad be
 tween them and the oppressors, leaving the
 settlement of the question to be made on the
 part of the slave and the slaveholder in the
 South, and I lie work is done.
 What a country is this in which we live!
 Human beings flying by night, alraid of the
 glorious sun of heaven, afraid to be seen in
 the broad daylight, afraid of every human be
 i ing that they meet, like tlie wild beasts dread
 ing the light of day, and coming out by night,
 endeavoring to find their w ay out of our land,
 fearful of every thing that they hear or see,
 i encountering storms and peril, enduring un
 -1 told sufferings for the sake of gaining their
 freedom. Yet we are a nation of freemen,
 we are a Christian people, we have a glorious
 In ion and a glorious Constitution.
 Friends, 1 am stating nothing new, I am
 exaggerating nothing These are the simple
 facts, and most imperfectly stated, from the
 weakness in which they are presented. I
 blush for the land in w hich i live. It is not
 my country. No, my country is not stained
 w ith human blood my country is a tree coun
 try, where liberty dwells there is my country,
 j (The audience here made a demonstration of
 applause, notwithstanding the request to
 the contrary at the opening of the meeting.)
 It is the land of my nativity, I love it as such.
 I want to see it become the glory of all lands.
 I long to see it true to its Declaration of Inde
 pendence. I long to see it true to its Christian
 profession. It might take the lead of the
 i world. It was first independent among the
 nations of the earth, and we ought long since
 to have had every throne in the world cast
 down. We ought long since, through the
 i power of our glorious example, to have had
 i all the nations of lhe earth rejoicing in liberty.
 If sixty yea r s ago, in forming out Constitu
 tion, we had only proclaimed liberty through
 out all the land unto all the inhabitants there
 of, no throne, 1 believe, would now be found
 on earth. All the people would have been
 magnetised by our example, and despotism
 i would have been unknown in the world. O,
 this power of Slavery We have a mighty
 work to do. Who has not measured this
 mighty power of Slavery At the very sound
 of it men turn pale. Slavery, a Southern in
 stitution Why then is it that the dweller on
 the banks of the Penobscqt trembles and dares
 not whisper a word against it except at the
 i peril of hia reputation and his interests 1 How
 is it that on the hills of New Hampshire, on
 the green mountains of Vermont, as well as
 South Carolina and Georgia, men aje afraid
 to speak out their real sentiments in regard to!
 i Slavery l It is because the power is omni
 present, omniscient, omnipotent. It is because
 it is the dispenser of all favors politically it
 holds all the offices in the land in its own
 power. It is because it has subjected the
 Church aud the rel’gion of the land. There
 fore there is none that dare to confront it, un
 less he is w iling to be ranked among the no
 ble army of martyrs and confessors in days of
 old.
 i This power is not to be overthrown without
 a tremendous struggle. lit the language of
 one of our resolutions, It is essential for the
 deliverance of rhe slave that the Union should
 go down, a Union cemented with the blood of
 the slave at the outset.” Is it not true that
 even at the outset of our Government, when
 our fathers were just fresh from the battle for
 independence, with the fire of liberty burning
 brightest in their bosoms, even then when
 .Slavery was of very little power comparatively
 j and of very little value, the American Union
 could not lie formed until the national guaran
 ties should be thrown around it 1 And if it
 was necessary to form a Union at that time,
 where do we stand now 1 We have three
 millions of slaves, with their value in properly
 j estimated at hundreds of millions of dollars. 1
 We have sixteen slave states in our Union.—!
 How long could our guaranties be sustained!
 i beyond the condition that you shall be slave
 catchers, and connive at the bloody abomina
 tions of the slave States, when you very well
 know that when you will no longer act out
 j these things, the Union is at an end! What
 an absurdity that freemen and tyrants can
 make a Union. Suppose one half the mem
 j bers of our Congress were monarchists, what
 sort of a legislation should we expect 1 The
 idea of monarchists being allowed there and
 having privileges is absurd, and every republi
 can sees il. You have one of the worst ol
 monarchists there, a tyrant of all tyrants, a
 man-thief. If you talk about the glorious
 Union, you are talking about freemen who are
 robbing humanity of all its rights. It is im
 possible for Christ and Belial to unite. It is
 impossible for light and darkness to be recon
 ciled —for liberty and Slavery to exist on the
 same soil. Slavery exists on our soil, there
 fore we ha'jp no liberty.
 Friends, are you prepared to enter into this
 great conflict, this new revolution, this great
 struggle for independence l What does the
 •South give us in return for our co-operation 1
 We have allowed ourselves to be humbled by
 the South. We have done all we could lo
 strengthen the system, and what have we got
 in return 1 Does the South respect and honor
 us 1 Does it care for ua? Is it of any advan
 tage to us 1 It spurns us always. It is wil
 ling to welcome us as Umg as we will do its
 evil work, bot the moment any spirit of free
 dom is seen ruing here, it treads that spirit
 down is it treads down its own slaves, seek
 ing its subjection, and if nr cowry, its extir
 pation. (Applause.)
 F*Locatex Douglass.—Mr. Chatman —1
 think we, as Abolitionists, are apt to over
 rate the intelligence of nor audiences with re
 spect to their knowledge of Slavery* and also
 with respect to their knowledge of the guilt ef
 the churches. I think there are few people
out of the reeks of the Abolitionists, whoj
 i rally know anything of the real paettkn pf
 the American Church in regsid to Slavery.
 We meet in this city from year to year and
 denounce the pro-slavery poettfM&gt; of the Ame
 rican t htireh and Clergy, but we seldom have
 time to lay before our meetings anv facts
 connected with the proceedings of the Church
 in regard t» Slavery. I propose in the few
 remarks that I shall make this eveniiwßeay
 a word with respect to this sort of
 and to give a few facts which are familiar
 enough u* the Abolitionist, but which are
 quite unknown. I have reason to believe, even
 to the very church members themselves.
 The ministers know what action they have
 taken on the subject of Slavery, but the people
 know very little about it.
 Take for instance, the Methodist Episcopal
 Church. —That Church probably wields an in
 fluence second to no other in the land. «In the
 year 1836, when the question of Slavery was
 rocking the country from centre to circumfer
 ence, aud when the lives of Abolitionists were
 scarcely safe at tunes from the fory of the
 mobs that were bowling around their persons
 and their houses, this subject came up before’
 the General Conference of the Methodist Epts-
 copal Church. It seems that two ministers of;
 that denomination ventured fo leeture upon,
 and in favor of emancipation in the city ofCin-!
 cinnati. The veTy next day after these lec
 tures were given, the Rev. Stephen G. Ros
 zell, a distinguished minister in that Chureh,
 brought forward two or three distinct resolu
 tions setting forth the views of the General
 Conference with respect to Slavery. What
 were these views l They declared in their
 first resolution, ui Annual Conference assem
 bled, “that thev Iwdlv J nw&lt;-
 dern Abolitionism, and 1 hat they wholly dis
 proved of the conduct of the two ministers
 who were reported to have lectured upon and
 in favor of this agitated topic.” They went
 furthei; and in another resolution declared,
 “that thev were not only opposed lo modern
 Abolitionists, but they had no right, no wish,
 no intention to interfere with the relations ex
 isting between masters and slaves in the South
 ern States of our Union.” These resolutions j
 were adopted by that large conference, with j
 only eleven voting against them. An over- j
 whelming concourse of divines professing to
 be called of God to preach the Gospel, to pro
 claim deliverance to the captive and the open
 ing of the prison doors to those that were j
 bound, declared before the world that they
 had “no right, no wish, no intention to inter
 fere with the relations of masters and slaves.”
 The slaveholders rejoiced in that action.
 They could smoke their pipes in comfort when
 they got a knowledge of the proceedings of!
 that body of divines.—They could hear of ie-
 vivalsof religion going on in the Church'with
 the utmost complacency. They felt in no
 wise alarmed, hut rather strengthened by the!
 members added to that Church, which, so
 far from being an abolition Church, had “no;
 right, no wish, no intention to interfere with
 the relation of master and slave.” That is the
 religion for me, says the slaveholder. There
 sat the bondman before that body of Metho
 dist divines in his chains, calling upon them
 in the name of God and humanity to give him
 his freedom and deliver him frotiuhis bonds.
 Deliver me from my chains! was the erv that
 came up from the lips of three millions of
 bondmen, and yet these Methodist clergymen
 responded’ “we have no right, no wish, no in
 tent ion lo give you freedom.”
 How is it with the Presbyterian Christian.
 You know’ that a few years ago, through the
 agency of the Abolitionists in New England,
 a large number of petitions and memonals
 were sent to the General Assembly of the
 Presbyterian Church, calling upon that body
 to pass resolutions declaring Slavery to lie a
 moral evil. They stated that body had al
 ready denounced dancing, declaring it to be
 incompatable with church membership to move
 the feet at the sound of music, and they be
 lieved thauheir consciences were now becom
 ing alive to the sin of dancing. They were
 encouraged therefore to send petitions asking
 these divines merely to consider Slavery to be
 a moral evil. So the General Assembly pas
 sed this resolution in answer to their memo
 rials
 “Resolved, That it is inexpedient and not
 for the edification of the Church, to pass any
 judgement in respect to Slavery.”
 It is the boast of the Protestant Episcopal
 Church of this country that it never has any
 thing to do with such sins as Slavery. It is
 their boast that their Church has not been dis
 tracted or disturbed by this agitating topic.—
 To be sure it has had some other topics that
 have agitated the public mind to some extent,
 which I need not mention here. If 1 were in
 a Moral Re|jjrm meeting I might speak of
 them. (Laughter.) But as to tho question
 of American Slavery, it is their boast that
 they are not disturbed by it. The groans of
 heart-broken millions come upon every breeze,
 but they do not hear them, they are indiffer
 ent about them, “we are worship ping the!
 Lord,” say they, “we are engaged in giving
 honor to God; that is our business.”
 Now I have taken these three Christian
 Churches, and they are samples of the rest, j
 The Baptists are no better than the Method
 ists and Presbyterians, and the Episcopalians
 are as bad as either. They are all as pro-j
 slavery as they can be. It is because these
 churches have passed resolutions favoring!
 Slavery, and have in other cases resolved to;
 have nothing to do with the matter, that wet
 are compelled to attack them if we would be
 faithful to Slavery. And if there is one thing!
 that leads me to indentify myself with the i
 American Anti-Slavery Society, more than
 another, it is their readiness at all tunes and
 in all circumstances to apply the highest
 and most radical Anti-Slavery tests to all par
 ties, all institutions, and all organizations of 1
 lhe land. 1 have been into various Atili-Sla-l
 very meetings since I came to this city, and Ij
 have heard speeches of various branches of
 the Anti-Slavery topic; but the most earnest,
 the most sincere, the most radical tone of
 sentiment from any quarter has been from the
 platform of the old fashioned Garrisonian Abo
 litionists. (Applause.) I mention this for
 the benefit of some I see before rue who attend
 these other meetings, and who think that be
 cause every thing went on orderly at them, it
 indicates great progress.
 Why, the other day 1 went into the meet
 of the American and Foreign Anti-Sla-
 very Society, and after a long abstract of the
 report was read and-my soul uru&amp;ied up with
 the expectation of hearing Slavery denounced
 and its supporters held up to the detestation
 of all those who loved the slave, w hile I wasj
 waiting to get nay spiritual strength renewed,
 a grave, gentleman arose and sat«! “the next;
 thing in order will be music.” (Laughter.)
 Now Anti-Slavery meetings, according to my j
 notion, should not be very orderly. I like tbe
 wild disorder of our free-discusston meetings, i
 I like to bear the earnest voice of Anti-Sla
 very, so far forgetting the character of us
 speech, and the manner of its delivery, that
 almost any person may be able to take excep
 liotrt to the remarks made. I always feel
 glad when 1 have a thousand explanations to
 make after I go away from Anti-Slavery meet
 ings. W hen I have sp&lt; ken in such a way as
 lo make people think that I am a desptser of;
 of religion, or that 1 hate the very name of a I
 clergyman, or that I am myself an infidel,!
 then 1 feel that I have done something towards t
 leading the people to think of their responsi
 bility in regard to Slavery.
 I believe tbe grand reason why we have
 Slavery in this land at the present moment is
 that we are too religious as a nation, in other
 words, that we have substituted religion for
 humanity—we have substituted a form ol
 Godliness, an outside show for tbe real thing i
 itself. We have bouses built for tbe worship
 of God, which are regarded aa too sacred to
 plead the cause of the dow n-trodden millions
 in them. They will tell you in these churches
 that they are willing to receive you to talk
 to them about the at ns of the Scribes
 tad Pharisees, or on the subject of heathen- j
 tarn of the South Sea Islands, or oo any of the j
 subjects connected with missions, the Tract
 Society, the Bible Society, and other Socie
 ties connected with the Chinch, hot the very
 gwmeot yon ask them to open their mouths
far the liberation of the Southern ah***. they
 will tell joo, that it is a subject with w hich
 they bare nothin? to do, and which they do
 not wiah to hare introduced into their Church;
 it it foreign to the object for which tharehea
 is this country were fanned, and bouses built.
 The American and Foreign Anti-Slavery
 Society seems to hare fallen into the error of
 j supposing that the dtstribulioo of the Bible
 among the slaves will be the means of their
 ultimate liberation. 1 should not wonder, if
 the slaves could he allowed to make known
 to that Societv its views of their effort? to
 give them liberty if they should my, “Fust
 give us ourselves, and then we will get Bi
 bles." W hat the slave beg* for is his free
 dom sod the American and Foreign Anti-
 Slavery Society comes forward and says
 i “Here is a Bible." To be sure, they say
 i thev would be glad to have the stare free, but
 j I ask any of you w ho were present in their
 tueetingiyesterday and beard the speech rflade
 by Mr. Henry Bibb, if the chief design of that
 Society did not seem to be, to give the slave
 the Bible, which, when it is giren him he can
 not read. For ray part I am not for giving
 the slave the Bible or anything else this side
 of his freedom. Give him that first and then
 you need not give him asplang else. He
 can then get what he needs. ‘(Applause.) I
 know that the inference was left in the minds
 of some who. attended that meeting that the
 Old Organization were not in favor of giving
 the Bible to the slaves, for tbe Society arro
 gated to itself a great amount of piety in that
 it was in favor of giving the Bible to the slave,
 and it was said by their speaker, 1 believe,
 that if the old Abolitionists had gone to work
 and tried to distribute the Bible among the
 slaves, ere this, Slavery would have been
 j anoustr,4. Now what we want is first to
 give the slave himself. It is but n&gt;«k., Jt
 tempt to ineud old garments with new cloth
 —to put new w ine into old bottles, to think
 of giving the slave the Bible without first giv
 j ing him himself. God did not say to Moses
 j “Tell my people to serve me that they may
 go free," but “Go and tell Pharoah to let
 i my people go that they may serve me."—
 (Great applause.) The first thing is freedom,
 i It is the all important thing. There can be
 i no virtue without freedom—there can be no
 j obedience to the Bible without freedom.
 When the slave is free he can own a Bible;
 but suppose we carry it to him now, what is
 the law of Slavery 7 It is that the slave shall
 be taken, deemed, reputed and judged in law
 to be property to all intents and purposes
 whatsoever. Now how r can property own
 property —how can property ofc’t !the Bible 7
 It takes persons to own propertybut the per
 sonality of the slave is annifairy &gt;d. He is
 not looked upon or treated in ad r Way as a
 person except when he is fa p nished.
 I throw out these remarks bee; ise I ,think
 I there is danger of confounding .tly Anti-Sla
 very duties, with what are Anti-SJa
 i very duties. There is an attenijjijdn the part
 of some professedly Anti-Slave^.advocates,
 to make themselves out as religions advocates
 of Anti-Slavery and all others a* irreligious
 advocates of the cause,
 i Mr. Foster —Now to test the honor and
 integrity of those men, L will state here pub
 licly, and any gentleman presgnt may cairy
 the intelligence to the leaders of]’that party,
 that to save them the trouble of raising funds,
 i I will furnish them with one thousand Bibles,
 if Mr. Bihb or any other prominent man
 amo .g them will go, openly in person,
 and carry them to the slaves. 1 will have
 nothing to do with any underhand raomnent
 to steal Bibles into the South. .Thieving is
 bad enough when connected w;th!getting pro
 perty, hut when it is connected with the glo
 ry of God it is utterly deteslabb, 1 will have
 nothing to do w ith it. And I can do more;
 I think I can pledge that one thou
 sand more after he has distributed: the first
 thousand; but I will keep within,my means.
 Let them spare themselves the tfouble to go
 through this city to collect funds for that pur
 pose, for I am ready to fulfill my pledge.
 (Applause.)
 Mr. Douglass.—l wish lo make a single
 remark further about giving*the Bible to the
 slaves. Here are.three or four facts connec
 ted with the matter which makes the thing
 impossible. In the first place the slavehold
 er’3 consent must be obtained before any Bi
 bles can be given to the slaves, and the slave
 holder will never give his consent to let the
 slave have anything which may open his
 mind to the wrong of holding him as his pro
 perty. If his consent is had at all, it is pur
 chased at the expense of tbe silence of the
 person giving the Bible to his slave, as to its
 being presented for the puipose of opening
 his mind to the sin of Slavery.
 In the next place, If the Bible is given to
 the slave he cannot read it. So it is abso
 lately not given at all; for you might as well
 give him a block with no letters upenit as the
 Bible with letters in it; because he cannot read
 it. Now if this Society would only ask for
 r money to educate the slaves whether the raas-
 I ters would or not, and some good volunteer
 like my friend in the distance, should go there
 professing that his object is to educate the
 slave whether with or w ithout the consent of
 j ihe slaveholders, 1 should think the move
 ment,, however impracticable, was in the hands
 j of honest and sincere men at any rate. [Ap
 plause.] The fact is they cannot give the
 Bible to the Slave. It is idle to make the
 Bible and Slavery go hand in hand; they are
 i at war with each other, and the slaveholder
 knows this as well as any man. The moment
 they begin to read, that moment they begin
 to be restless in their chains. There are only
 three or four passages of Scripture that the
 slaveholder wants them to read, and these can
 be read to them. They are the passages
 which relate to servants heing obedient Ac.,
 which they torture to a sort of sanction of Sla
 very. These they like to have the slaves,
 know, but as to knowing about the Golden
 Rule, “All things whatsoever ye would that
 others should do unto you do ye also to them,”
 or any thing of the doctrine of love to man,
 they do not want them to know anything
 about it. The more ignorant he is, the better
 slave he makes, and hence the most stringent
 laws are enacted throughout the South to pre-,
 vent the slaves from learning to read, (Ap
 plause and hisses.)
 Now I suppose that those who hiss think
 that i have stated what is not true, but what'
 is the fact' There is Zachary Taylor in the
 Presidential Chair. You knew nothing about
 Tayfar, until you heard of his blow ing out th« j
 brains of the Mexicans. (Applause and his
 ses.) —No minister of the Gospel ever came j
 out and endorsed the Christian character of
 General Taylor before he succeeded in taking
 Monterey. No minister of the Gospel ever
 made him a member of the Home Missionary
 •Society until he heard that he had fought his
 battles in Mexico No one thought ol' saying
 aught in favor of that man for the Presidency
 until the Chiustianity of this country learned
 that he had favored the importation of blood
 hounds from Cuba to hunt down the Florida
 Indians. (Hisses and Applause).
 I mentioned yesterday in an other place, j
 that the great men ol the natmo might always
 be taken as fair examples of the moral senti-
 merit of the people- i h ave taken Zacbary
 Taylor who 1 believe is just as good as those
 who voted for him; 1 do not think he is i
 in any degree worse at heart than those who j
 had no objections to him as their candidate on
 moral grounds. am not at all lowering him
 that you need come to bis defence. lu him I
 see yourselves reflected who have no moral
 objections to Slavery. You only need a geo
 graphical change. Vou need only to be trans
 ported front New York to New Orleans fa be
 come as much a slaveholder as General Tay
 lor at Baton Rouge. Sir, if the American
 pulpit had been wbat it ought to have. been,
 and what I trust it will yet be, no party in
 this country could have been found base
 enough to have brought foward the Mine of
 such a candidate for the suffrages of the
 American people. No! had the American
 pulpit uttered us voice in righteous denuncia
 tion against Slavery and War and kindred
 crimes, we should never have heard of such a
 being as a legalized cut-throat presiding over
 the destines of this nation. (Hisses).
 But I will touch no longer your idol,
friends. 1 will leave him and puss to another
 who is perhaps teen an idol now, because he
 i has not the reins of Government in hit hand,
 and no office to give to those who may be,
 disposed to hiss in bis favor, (laughter) I]
 flMude to Henry (’lay. I never was mors for
 dolv struck with the truth of Garrison's re
 mark, tbit he never looked upon the slave
 but as upon a member of bis own family, than
 when I beard the various eulogies showered
 down upon this man by the North on account
 of his letter on Emancipation, or rather Ex-
 patriation. You are aware of the character ol
 f that letter. It sets nut with a sort of argu-1
 raent against Slavety. declares that the aigu-|
 I raents that are put forth bv Calhoun and that.
 class of politicians at the South in favor ofc- j
 remising- Slavery are erroneous, and he goes
 on to ssv, granting that the w hites are sup*j
 rior to the bfirks, that it is the duty of the
 whites lo instruct, improve, ami enlighten the!
 blacks. For so much I thank him. but take
 this out, and the remainder is full of all man-
 I ner of sin and injustice. With the exception;
 of these few sentiments, it is one of the most j
 skillfully-contrived schemes for oppressing
 ihe slave and perpetuating Slavery that I ever!
 read. Mr. Clay, after having laid down his
 platfotm of principles, that the slaves should
 be enlightened and instructed by the superior!
 classes, goes on to fix a day when the laves j
 should be emancipated, and that day is set in
 thiswise: All children born of slave parents
 after the year 1860, shall be tree at 25. And;
 h°w free 7 Free to stay where they are, and
 work for a living l No. Free to be expelled,
 free to be driven 3wav from Kentucky and
 transported lo Africa, on the ground that it is*
 their native land. But they ate not free even
 then, for he has another proviso, and it is this:
 That after having arrived *t the ago of 25.
 thev shall be tnreo vu. an otneev m mr
 i rvi ihnw jeus, u* order to nae $l5O
 to pay for their own exportation Irom thetr
 homes and their families. Yet the people
 read this letter and say. O! how just howi
 merciful, how humane, how phtla nth topic is
 Henry Clay-'
 There i* another point about th .s letter to
 I which I object strongly; it is this: You are
 aware that at the age of 28 almost all the,
 slaves have families. Mr. Clay proposes that
 the slaves having families and children of 3 4
 and 5 vears of age, shall be snatched from
 those children and hurried oil to Africa, leav
 ing those children parentless, guardianless,
 w ith no one to care for them. Those children
 are to live 25 years longer m Slavery, and
 then to he hired out until they are *2B years
 of age, and afterward to be hurried out of the
 country. And yet young men and wo
 men, old men and old women, mothers, sis
 ters, and daughters read the cold-blooded
 proposition, from which, il it ,wero to be ap- j
 plied to wh.ite persons, they would shrink in
 horror, and they say how good, how kind,!
 how philanthropic is Mr. Clavl Such is the
 man in whose pathway they wilt strew flow
 ers when he comes to the North—a man who j
 boldly proposes to sunder parents from their
 children, and compel them to leave the count-
 ry on pain of being again reduced to Slave- i
 ry.
 In another part of that letter he says that
 the trifling loss that would result from Eman-;
 cipation may-be prevented by leaving the rights
 of the owners undisturbed during the next 25
 years. What is the meaning of this? It is
 j just this: That Henry Clay would leave the;
 slaveholder, after the year 1860 until the year!
 1885, in full possession of the right |to sell
 slaves from Kentucky into Louisana, or any of
 the more southern States. The proposition j
 is not, alter all, that they shall emancipate 1
 their slaves at the end of 25 years, but it al
 lows them 25 years in which to watch the
 New Orleans and Mobile markets, and if j
 they do not see fit to sell them during the
 course of 10 15 or 20 years, just in the last of
 the 25 years, when the slave is about to grasp
 bold of Freedom, their masters can put them'
 upon the block and sell them to the highest
 bidder; thus Kentucky will only be getting
 rid of Slavery to send their slaves to clank
 their chains on Southern plantations.
 Oh, the blinded moral sense of the Ameri-;
 can people! how lost to all principle! how lost
 ito all sense of justice! We can eulogize the
 man who with iron heart would revive the
 horrors of the Slave Trade, under the delu
 sive idea of advancing the cause ot Freedom.
 Friends, 1 have not used the name of Gene-j
 1 ral Taylor or Henry Clay because I have anyj
 personal pique towards them, or any differ-;
 rence of political opinion with them, or political!
 ends to serve. \ou have denied me the right
 of citizenship, you have trampled on my rights'
 as a man. I have no voice in your politics, Ij
 only speak as one of the three millions of
 slaves in your land. I speak as one of the
 injured party. I speak is the name of four
 sisters and one brother who now live, if indeed
 they live at all, under the burning sun and the
 biting lash of the slave-drivey. I speak in be
 half of those whom l have left behind me.
 How would you speak if you yourselves had
 relatives and friends in the condition of Slave
 ry 7 Would you speak soft words of the
 Church and clergy who eould live indifferent
 to the condition of vour sisters and brothers/
 Think not because I am black that I love uot
 tnv kindred and friends.
 “Fleecv looks anil black comptoxioo
 Do not alter nature’s claims,
 Skins may differ, but affection
 Dwells in white and black the same."
 My sisters are as dear to me as yours can'
 be to you. My brother lies as near my heart
 as your brothercan lie to yours. My mother,'
 my family, my friends are all as dear to me!
 as yours can possibly be to you. O! jf you could
 put yourselves in the place of the slave, the
 question would be carried; there would be no:
 differences at all; you would feel that we
 were your brothers and sisters and Slavery
 would soon be at an end.
THE NORTH STAR.
ROCHE-STER, JUNE 1, 1841*
Drayton and Sayres.—Fined for What!
 Washington, May 19, 1840.
 I mentioned, in my last, riie acquittal of
 Drayton from the charge of larceny, in steal
 ing twenty slaves from this neighborhood,
 I foe bin own use. That indictment was not
 sustained. But he was convicted or trans
 porting the slaves, twenty in number, and
 sentenced to pay a fine of 140 in each
 case, and to fae imprisoned till the fines be
 paid. Hts coadjutor, Sears, is also fined in
 like manner.
 I hose who countenanced them in tbe pro
 tect for abducting slaves, (whoever they may
 oe,) will no doubt aid them in paying the
 fines. The governor of Virginia will, it is
 «ud, demand them of tbe authorities of tbe
 District, and under Virginia law, they will be
 tried for felony.— Carr. Journal of Commerce.
 Look at this foci. It is worth thinking of
 1 for a few moments. The annals of despotism
 cannot furnish anything more ty rannieal than
 j the treatment of these two me u by the gov
 ernment of our “free” country. What is|
 their crime 7 What offence have they com
 mitted 7 Why, they attempted to carry away
 from tbe District of Columbia some seventy
 four men and women, residing there. What
 will the men of a hundred years hence think
 of this 7 Will they not say—“ But it was
 contrary to their inclination —they did not
 wish to go 7” Oh yes! they were perfectly
 willing to go —indeed they asked these men
 to take them. “Then they bad commuted
 some crime, and tbe pnaon tn which they
 were confined was broken open, and they
 were allowed to escape in direct contraven-;
 boo of the cods of justice Not so either
 they weie innocent of ail crime. No one
 ever attempted to allege again** any one of
 the seventy-four, that he or she was any
r! thing but moral »nd correct in character and
 •j deportment. The reading of a few pages of
 the history of this model republic would soon
 enlighten the mind of the questioner on this
 s subject. He would there learn, that there
 were other reasons besides crime, which made
 it mlawful for some inhabitants to travel He
 I would find it stated that in ihe year 184**,
 there were certain law* which actually made
 men and women prof»rty. to he set down on
 I their owners* ledger, by the side of sheep,
 cattle, sugar hogsheads, and bales of cotton
 He would be desirous to know the reason of
 J this, and on making further search, would
 j probably discover, that ifase who were thus
 set down as “property" were generally
 though not always, “black” or “colored
 He would find also, that it was contrary to
 I law lo instruct these colored persons to read
 that thev could not, it those books were present
 ed to them, tell the difference between the Bi
 hie—the “good news to %)1 people", and the
 I Mysteries of Pans or Guilder's Travels
 I and that this ignorance, forced upon them m
 opposition to every precept of right, was con
 I initially urged asaffrief reason why they
 should not be permitted lo enjoy their clearest
 of all rights—the right to themselves— to use
 their own hands and feet, and intellects, m
 such way as might seem lo them desirable,
 so as not to interfere with the equally clear
 rights of those around them.
 Such is the crime of Drayton and -Sayre*
 They are aciuaMj round guilty of being
 willing to carry men and women* here th—
 wanted to go 1 It this is a crime in the Dis
 trict of Columbia, it is a crime also m New
 'York—Massachusetts—Ohio— the entire
 world. No peculiar circumstances of a
 country or a state can alter the character ot
 ian action. To kill a man is, and must fa*
 everywhere a crime. To steal a roan's proper
 ily is, and must be everywhere a crime. To
 steal a man himself, and sell him, is, and
 must be every where a crime. No law can
 ever make the commission of these actions
 innocent. The enactment of laws every
 day in every year from now till the day of
 judgment cannot make their commission one
 iota s criminal than if no such laws had
 any existence. So with acts that are in
 i themselves right. It ts right for any and
 every man and woman to go where they will
 —north—south—east—wrest. 1 should like to
 see any one attempt to restrict the people of
 these Northern States m the exercise of this
 right. Suppose any seventy-four of the
 citizens of New York w anted to get to Alba
 i ny, and when they had been some few hours
 j «he way, an armed steamer was started in
 pursuit and overtook, and ordered them back,
 and imprisoned the captain and mate of the
 steamer on which they sailed and had them
 up for trial, and convicted of larceny, and re
 1, manded to prison for life. Suppose, that at
 j the expiration of one year, it was thought the
 j law would not sustain this sentence, and a
 new trial was granted, and they were then
 L; sentenced to pay 140,(Hi each for every one
 ol the seventy-four thus carried so many
 f miles up the Hudson—what would be thought
 1 ot the country which was governed by such
 J laws—or of the people who allowed such law s
 jto exist 7 Yet this, and nothing more nor
 worse than this, is the crime of which these
 I two persecuted men have been convicted. If
 it is urged that they were not w bite but black
 men and women, whom Sayres and Drayton
 carried troin the District—lwouldask, What
 difference does that make 7 In what way
 does the color affect the action. Crime knows
 nothing about color, innocence knows noth
 j ing about color. There is no more crime in
 j conveying a man with a black skin to any
 I place where he may wish to go, than there is
 I in carrying a man with a black head, or black
 eyps, or a black beard. If it is said, that
 i those black men were property—l deny it. It
 is not possible to convert a human being into
 property. Every man is himself—belongs to
 himself; bis hands and feet are his own his
 head is his own and if any man attempts to
 rob him of all or either of these, that man is a
 thief—a God-defying, Heaven-insulting thief,
 who should lie chased from amongst men—if
 not from the world itself—with infamy and
 scorn.
 I may he told that all this is very simple
 some may even say it is very silly. I con
 fess it all. It is so very simple and silly that
 the merest child can understand it. I ac
 knowledge that the whole affair appears to
 me so simple so self-evident, that I have not
 ingenuity enough to get up any mist about it.
 The assertion that any one man can by any
 possibility claim to hold as property the bones
 and muscles, ami mental energy ol any nthei
 man, is so transparently absurd and silly, that
 it seems like mere playing upon words to
 argue the question. And yet, simple ami
 silly as it is, how many are there, in this
 country whose mental or moral perception**
 are so dull, that they cannot be made to see
 it They will talk you for a full hour, almost
 without drawing breath, about the rights of
 slaveholders—the compromises of the .'onsti
 tution —the independent action of the .States,
 Ac. as if all that had anything to do with the
 decision of the simple question *of right and
 wrong. A man who makes the tr.&lt;*t distant
 cUini to tfte possession of a wwr-trace, will
 lie apt to consider himself insulted by the
 1 presentation of such an argument for his ac
 ceptance. It may pass muster amongst pol
 rrtieal demagogues or persons t§ho look for
 ward to the possession of office, and wish to
 retain their standing a* political men but
 after ail, how very little influence do such
 men wield in the management of the worlds
 affairs They are tbe mere tools of the tune.
 They would be better—nobler, if the moral
 atmosphere surrounding them were purer—
 more elevated Convince men everywhere
 of the moral wrungfulneas of slavery at all
 times and in all circumatances bnng them
 to see and understand this and all that can
 be said about tbe compromises of the Consti
 tution Ac., will be to them mere waste of
 words mere beating tbe au without n»
 object.
 W ell, now, such is the case of Drayton
 *J»d -Sayres, when stripped of the mist of
 l*w—Coosututtoo inferiority of the cofared
 race— rights of slaveholders —and all that
 •ort of thing. The seventy-four colored per
 •ons had a perfect right to leave Washington
 city, or anywhere else, if they chose to do *o
 Drayton and Sayres had a perfect right to
 I take them. I honor them for exercising ih*‘
 right.. Pray Heaven that a few others have
 tt pot into their hearts to go and do likewise
 -taking ears however, that they are not
 overtaken though even that no l
