ntVtn imwh—■* nr lwo more po&lt;,h T I
 obtained bv the "»*^P° wer wouW
 equivalent to a defeat The (iovernment un
 der H low law such a verdict has been ob
 tained. is an unjust, tyrannical Government—
 mure unjust than the rule of the C«ar of
 Ku«Bia—more tyrannical than that of Home, in
 xhe palmiest days ol inquisitorial priestcraft J
 the people who make and sustain that
 Government by electing slaveholders to the
 Presidency—by appointing officers to carry
 ,t on. and to fulfil its requirement* —by hav
 ing anything at all to do with it, except to
 renounce it as wicked, unchristian, partial,
 inconsistent—are an unjust and tyrannical
 ople. The.tr boasted love of liberty is all
 „»pretence for they love liberty only for them
 't-lves. Tneir talk about the “equal and in
 tlteeiblc rights of man” is all moonshine:
 tor let a man’s skin he of a certain hue, and
 in their estimation he has no tight*. I heir
 claim to Is- ihe happy citizens a frec
 country” is proved to he all boast and brava
 do for ihe captain ol a schooner, or the
 driver ot a stage, cannot go into any of the
 Southern States, and carry away men and
 women from thence, without running the
 risk of being lined f 140,00 lor each, or in
 default ot payment being imprisoned for
 life 1
 blow aimed at the personal rights of any
 man, no matter what his color or condition
 ma&gt; be, is a blow aimed at universal liberty.
 reverberate, with oft-repeated echo**-
 in |.la.v. tong and distant- The
 lining au.\ voaprisonment of Drayton and
 Sayres, by the government of this model
 republic," lor the jierfonnance of an act
 which every sane man. not himself a despot
 ~nd a tyrant, must pronounce to Ire perfectly
 moral and right, will serve to strengthen the
 4 rm of the oppressor in the Old World, and
 i„ strengthen also the chain of the oppressed.
 See," says the tyrant, what a popular
 government will do tor you and the hands
 ~j the struggling peasant, panting after lib
 erty, fall down by his side, and his head
 droops in hopeless despondency. It is boot
 loss to talk to Europeans about color. They
 have learned to estimate men, not by the co
 lor of their skm, but by the strength of their
 minds and the excellence of their moral char
 acter. None hut Americans, or those whom
 Americans have innoculated with their ridi
 culous prejudice, can understand the color
 argument. Europeans see this and other
 similar occurrences eunply as tacts, and they
 arc I d to ask the dishearteniug question—
 What better after all should we be under a re
 public, than we are under a despotism 7 Tiue
 lovers of liberty everywhere desire to see
 publicanism cleansed of this blot. Slavery
 and democracy cannot exist peaceably togeth
 er. They arc directly antagonistic. There
 is no slavery in democracy; there is no democ
 racy in slavery, 't hey cannot commingle and
 fuse together, any more than water and oil—
 or than tiie iron and clay of Nebuchadnezzar's
 image. Either the slavery must swallow up
 and destroy the democracy, or the democracy
 must annihilate the slavery. Which shall it
 be it is for the citizens of these Northern
 Slates to determine, if they submit without
 a struggle—with scarcely a word of remon
 strance, to be fined, imprisoned, brow-beaten,
 ruled and tyrannized over by a despicable
 slaveholding oligarchy —their enslavement
 has already begun, and in due season will be
 perfected —j. n.
 The Hanging in Boston.
 Washington Goode was hanged on Friday
 last. The voice of the 24,000 petitioners in
 las favor was disregarded, and that of the
 nine and the Governor prevailed. Here is a
 portion of the account of the barbarous and
 inhuman proceeding, as given by the Boston
 Bee. What good purpose, or what purpose
 ai all, except to make men’s blood curdle
 with horror and indignation, the wise men of
 Massachusetts hope to effect by such exhibi
 tions, it is difficult to imagine.
 At half past nine the Sheriff left the
 I ail, followed by his attendants. The weak
 ness of the prisoner rendered it necessary to
 carry him in a chair. He was dressed in
 filack, and his arms were tied with cord, with
 which also his legs and feet were hound to
 gether. The prisoner was lifted up on the
 gallows, and his chair was placed on the
 drop He was convulsed, and a deputy held
 his open hand upon his forehead, probably to
 keep him steady in his seat. He mourned in
 a deep tone of anguish. Sheriff Eveleth,
 at lei a few remarks, uncovered himself, and
 read the wrrrant in an audible tone. \N hen
 he had finished, the white cap was drawn
 over Ins face by Deputy Sherriff Pratt, who
 then adjusted the rope. The culprit’s moans
 were now audible at some distance. At ten
 minutes before ten, the drop fell with a death
 like sound, and Washington Goode was
 launched into the presence of the Supreme
 Judge of us all.
 The rain, the solemn stillness of the hour,
 the gloomy and wretched group, and the sad
 occasion, conibided to produce an impression
 which the witness of this spoctacl of misery
 and woe will never wish to see again.”
 Thus the law of Massachusetts put a per
 iod to ‘.he already dickering life of a poor
 ignorant man. found guilty of inuider on
 very unsatisfactory circumstantial evidence.
 He did not wish, as he said, “to die the
 death of a pirate;” and so he had attempted
 to bleed himself to death, by opening several
 veins with the sharp edge of a piece of
 glass. The offended State not wishing to be
 thus cheated of her expected least of horror,
 had sent her smgeon just in time to reset ve
 for the victim blood and Itle enough to
 carry him to the gallows' May this be the
 last time that Massachusetts thus disgraces
 herself in the eyes of the thinking and hu
 mane
 New Hampshire has also had a hanging.
 Elder Elms Dudley, of Grafton, was executed
 on the 23d, for the murder of his wife also
 convicted on circumstantial evidence. Both
 of these unfortunate men asserted their inno
 cence to the last. Talk of Justice in con
 nection with such cruelties' Justice has
 nothing lo do with them. They are the off
 spring of nothing but the blind, cowardly,
 inational, unmerciful spirit of Revenge.—J.D
 Ock Paper this week is well nigh fulled
 up inside with tlie report ol the speeches de
 livered at the evening meeting of the Ameii
 can Anti-Slavery Society and yet we have
 not been able to find room for all we desired of
 that report. Wrnoell Phillips’s speech
 will lie given next week.
 Conservatism. The real conservative is
 the'rnati who prefers a iilile light because he
 had tried a little, and found u to answer lus
 limited purpose. If we were surrounded by
 midnight darkness, we should be obliged to
 him for bis tsper, but it is of no use to us since
 the sun baa risen-
Mare Akllm it Rew Orleaii.
 Abolitionist* aw accused of overeating
 and coloring the worst features of the pecuiiai
 institution, and thereby exciting the feelings
 of freemen agamst it. How much this is the
 case mar be learned from the following des
 cription of a slave auction by one who con
 fesses himself to be “interested in the slave
 business." Thw account sufficiently light
 and flippant no doubt —marvellously so, con
 sidering the fearful enormity of the crime one
 of whose most detestable manifestations it
 professes to describe; but if one interested is
 compelled thus to give his impressions, hid
 ing and smoothing over, as he evidently does,
 very much ot what he witnessed, may we not
 with justice entertain the suspicion that the
 most “isbid abolitionist" who has yet attemp
 ted to portray such scenes, has utterly failed,
 from the mere inadequacy ot language, to
 conrey to his readers anything more than a
 very shadowy and indistinct conception of the
 reality?— r. d.
 ‘Have you erer been to the Slave Market 1
 asked my friend Hams, as he took my arm
 and walked with me thiough Camp street.-
 I answered nay so we entered Bank’s Ar
 cade. We observed a sign hanging out, with
 ‘Slaves lor Sale' painted on it; and along the
 front of the store, sitting on benches, expos
 ed to the gaze of the purchaser and the
 curious, were the objects of our search.
 Some of them were large and strong
 black as your hat. These were the field or
 plantation hands —carmen or draymen. ‘This
 slim mulatto man is a barber,’ said the slave
 dealer, WHO, oMervinw wv were mangers,
 stepped up, anxious to display and dispose of
 his property that they are property, is never
 questioned in this latitude. ‘Bui,’ continued
 the dealer, ‘he’s a first rate waiter for a hotel
 ora steamboat.’ A little farther along sat
 some females, strong, burly wenches, for
 farm-work, washing, or heavy house work
 near by, several good looking yellow girls,
 with long, straight, black hair, pearly teeth,
 fresh and animated countenances. Some
 were engaged in conversation, some occupied
 themselves wtih sewing or knitting. They
 are nurses, seamstresses, or waiting maids.
 In the squad were some of all ages and col
 ors, from the child at the breast to the middle
 aged man and father.
 It was a sale day—so we entered the auc
 tion building. Beard and Calhoun were the
 auctioneciB. Here vvaaascene, worthy of
 Elizur Wright, of the Chronotype his pro
 lific pen would have gloried in such a theme.
 On a platform near the door, stood the
 slaves to bo sold and the auctioneer, as he
 cried and discoursed of their separate merits,
 walked up and down in the rear, so as not to
 interfere with the sight of them. It did not!
 require Mr. Beard to talk long, betoic we
 knew, by the manner in which he worried the.
 j V’s and W’s, that he is neither a native, nor 1
 I ‘to the manor born.’
 ‘The first lot I have to offer you to-day,’l
 said Mr. 8., (I imagined he was going to
 6ell a horse,)‘is a family from a plantation,'
 1 father, mother, and five children; what will
 you give for the lot, for they must be sold
 together I’—how 1 —how kind of him! ‘They are
 fully guaranteed, and sold under good char
 acters. Dick, the father, aged 35 years, a
 leading man on the plantation his wife, aged
 31 years, cotton picker Charles, 12 years;
 William, 10 years; Thomas, 7years Betsey,
 10 years; Maria, 5 years; and I am only
 offered two thousand dollars for the whole
 family!’ They were eventually sold to a
 planter for $2500.
 It’s not difficult to say what was passing
 in their minds at the time of the sale—so
 important an era in their lives. Perhaps they
 were like our M. C.’s, who make the sailors
 out to be destitute of feeling, and only lioped
 that they might not get masters any worse
 than those they had just parted from.
 The next offered was Hermina, a pretty
 mulatreBB, about seventeen years old. ‘She
 is,’ said the auctioneer, *a good seamstress
 and hair-dresser, raisen in one family, and
 bears a good character.’ The girl could
 scarcely withstand the rude gaze of the bid
 ders and idlers, and turned her head aside
 when Mr. B. ordered her to face about and
 look at the audience. A slavedealer stepped
 up and requested her to open her mouth,
 which she did, and he examined her teeth in
 the same manner a jockey would a horse—
 he felt her breasts and shoulders with all the j
 gusto of a connoisseur. Bui the slave-dealer!
 did not get her, tor a California adventurer!
 became her purchaser, for the sum of $O9O.
 Cokelow, a little and interesting Creek In
 dian boy, 11 years of age, mulatto, as the
 auctioneer styled him, a good house attend
 ant, fully guarantied, and sold for no fault.
 Poor Cokelow Whether it was owing to
 flight, or that young as he was, he was
 more fully alive and sensitive to the wretch
 edness of his situation than those who -had
 preceded him, it is impossible to say, but
 Cokelow cried! He was sold for $240.
 Yesterday I saw Cokelow sitting upon the
 steps of a mansion, m the second munici
 pality, with a large sandwich in his hands,
 with the crumbs of which he was feeding a
 noisy parrot, confined in a cage by his side.
 Cokelow was happy! He had secured a
 good and kind unstress.
 The next subject was the guile man, Pat-,
 rick, aged 20 years, ‘a very likely man,’ said
 Mr. 8., ‘having a good character, a good
 barber and house servant, fnlly guarantied
 against the vices and maladies prescribed by
 law—(what they weia we did not learn)
 and is only sold because his mistress has just
 got married.’ From which we might infer,
 the newly-made husband wanted money to go
 on a spree. The biddings at this stage of
 the proceedings grew faint and languid, and
 as the indifference uf the auditors increased,
 the red faced auctioneer became excited and
 wrathy. lie was not very choice in the se
 lection of the epithets he liberally bestowed
 indiscriminately upon the motley group be
 fore him. ‘You either don’t want to buy, or
 you are all a d d set of fools,’ said Mr.
 8., ‘and if you have nothing else to do than
 to stand and gap at me, 1 have,’ and suiting
 his actions to his words, he stept from the
 platform, beckoned to his clerk, and walked
 off’. This ended the sale. Patrick sold for
 $750.
 That I may not reuder myselt liable to the
 imputation of pandering to sectional preju
 dices. or of treating a serious and unfortunate
 occurrence with 100 much levity, 1 would
 merely add, that 1 am personally and pecuni
 arilv interested in the ‘slave' business—but
 its extension and propagation by others,
 meets with no favor from roe.— Phil. Sun.
H. G. R. Lewis.—-A letter has been re
 ceived from J. T. M ilson,ot Jackson, Mich.,
 highly commendatory of this gentleman. It
 ts rathet foreign to the object of the North
 Star, to publish such letters. I may say,!
 howcveTt that 1 have reason to believe, with
 the writer of the letter, that the slanders
 which have got abroad reqwcting Mr. Lewis,
 are entirely unfounded. During the tew
 weeks that he lias been in this city, Mi. j
 Lewis has made himself eminently useful)
 amongst the colored people, by lecturing to
 them on philosophical and scientific subject!,
 and urging them to aim at mental and moral
 superiority nor does be tail, when opportuut- j
 ty offers, to plead the cause of his enslaved
 brethren. I have listened with much inter-;
 cat to Mr. Lewis. He has studied and
 understands the subjects of which be treats
 and 1 am happy to learn that he had at all of
 his lectures, a good audience.—j. d.
Hon. J. G. Palfrey will please accept our
 thanks for a copy of his speech oo Postago
 Reform, delivered in the House, Feb. 21, '4O.
Wreck of tie Empire.
 The total number of perama ascertained to.
 be drowned by the l*te accident at Newburgh,
 is 17. On Saturday night, the 40th ult., the j
 coroner's jury returned a verdict, to the effect
 that the steamboat Empire was wrecked by
 coouog in contact with the schooner Noah
 Brown; and in consequence of the reckless
 ness and disregard of regulation*, by the pilot
 of the Empire.
 The following are interesting incidents of
 the wreck
 Immediately after the alarm was given a
 great many threw themselves madly into the
 water. A lady, who had evidently just left
 her berth, rushed out crying for some one to
 save her. and was about to leap oo to the
 schooner, but was seised by a gentleman who
 prevented her from falling into the water,
 which would haae occurred if she had at
 tempted so long a leap. He tried to calm her,
 but without success. She rushed from him
 wildly, and was not seen by him again.
 The screaming of the victims was beard
 with frightful distinctness on the top of the
 hill in the rear of Newburgh, and spread ter
 ror throughout the village. Several boats put
 out at once to the sufferers, but none arrived
 probably until she had sunk to the hurricane
 deck, in which condition she was found by Mr.
 Hubbard when he arrived. Scarcely fire
 minutes elapsed between the collision and the
 sinking.
 A company of twelve persons, on their way
 to take up a permanent residence in Illinois,
 will be obliged to proceed on their journey,
 leaving four of their number behind them—
 four brothers. The names we have not
 learned.
 After Umpire was struck, amt while 1
 sinking, two mothers snatched what they sup
 posed to be their own infants, and rushed up
 on deck, and in their fright threw themselves
 into the water. One of the devoted parents
 held the child to her bosom, and both were
 saved while the other sustained hers until if
 breathed its last, yet still holding on to the
 body until she was rescued. The surprise of
 the mothers may be imagined when they dis
 covered that in the confusion attending their
 escape they had each taken the other's child.
 And while the poor woman who had suppo
 sed that her little one was lost, pressed to her
 bosom her own babe, the other was frantic
 with grief to find too late that she had pre
 served another's child and lost her own.
Pro-Slavery Literature.
 The Louisville (Ky.,) Examiner was lately
 favoured with the following bright specimen
 of Southern scholarship. I don't think that
 our colored friend, Charles B. Reason of New
 York, would object to receive a few such
 pupils gratuitously for at least one quarter.
 Poor fellow When any one wishes to prove
 the inequality of the human race, he has
 only to refer to such instances of white bar
 barism as the writer of this letter. He does
 not know anything, and does not want to
 know anything. Probably, that man is the
 ovvnei of a few slaves, and looks down upon
 them, as a kind of inferior beings. If they
 are inferior, alas for them!— j. d.
 Grassy Creek April 12th J 49.
 Sir Inclosed You will find Your fiilthy pa
 per the K.maminer Tie inform You at this
 time I receive no Such documents and allow
 no Yanky aney Such liberty as You have
 taken by Sending me your filthy Sheat we
 Tar and feather Just Such things as You are
 up here You may think this Strange hut it is
 no less true than Strange and if you dont
 believe it, come and see
 I am &amp;c Rjch'd Mullins.
Our ridiculous coirespondent in Athens,
 Georgia, who would not mitdtgnify him
 selt by writing to negroes, I am afraid has
 forgotten his excellent resolution ihereanent.
 The Anti-Slavery Standard publishes the
 following choice morsel from his pen
 Letter from Athens, Georgia.
 4&lt; How now ye secret black
 And midnight hags,
 What is it ye do!”
 To the recent colored Anti colonization
 Meeting in New York—
 From Shakespeare’* Mc’Beth
 Sent to blacker wizards—
 by J. J. Flournoy,
 The White Man.
 Poor unfortunate! he is certainly crazy.
 His love of —lu wit, himself, and hatred
 of Ham, have undoubtedly deranged what
 little nouse he possessed. For humanity’s
 sake let his friends get a strait jacket for him
 and consign him at once to the care of a
 lunatic doctor. He has made a fool of him
 self Jong enough.—j. o.
Cholera in Cincinnati.
 In our last number we mentioned the fact
 that the Board of Health had officially noti- i
 fied the citizens of the prevalence of Cholera
 in the city. We give below' the reports from
 day to day, that the public rnay see the pro
 gress and extent of the disease. Previous to
 Wednesday, the 9th inst., there had been 114 i
 cases, and thirty-two deaths reported. Since
 that, the reports have been as follows, up to
 Thursday noon, 28 cases, 6 deaths,
 Friday noon, 3&lt;* 10
 Saturday nt*on, 45 10
 Sunday noon, 46 7
 Monday noon, 20 3
 Tuesday noon, 25 3
 Wednesday, (10th,) 15 4
 Making in all 329 cases aud seventy-five
 deaths. Many of these reported cases were
 only in the first stage, and are now entirely
 reheved. Considering the amount of our
 population and the manner ,in which many
 are prepared for the disease, its prevalence has
 not been extensive, and the mortality is small.
 But little alarm prevails with reference to it;
 there is, we believe, no disposition to fly from
 the city, and great care is taken in the use of
 preventives.— Cincinnati W atchman.
St. Louis, 21st. —The total number of
 buildings trained is 418; the number of
 lost by ibe fire, is supposed to be 20; the loss
 of property six' millions of dollars. The in
 surance companies are solvent, and will pay
 in full, with the exception of the St. Louis
 and Citizens, Companies, which pay 70 per
 cent. Two thirds of the wholesale dry goods
 dealers, one half the retail, commission and
 other stores, that were burned, saved their
 books and papeis generally- The brokers
 saved everything, and resumed business.
Dreadful Shipwreck and Ijossof Life.
 —Capt. Marshall, of the bark Nicaragua, ar
 rived on the lllh met. at Quebec from Glou
 cester, with 129 passengers and six seamen of
 the brig llavannsh from Newrv for Quebec,
 which vessel came in collision w iih ice on the
 morning of the 2Hih of April, while the pas
 sengers were in bed, and sunk in 40 minutes.
 These passengers were saved by taking to the
 ice. No pen, says the Quebec Gazette, can
 describe the pitiable situation and destitution
 of these passengers, parents with loss of chil
 dren, children with loss of parents, and they
 themselves all but naked, and the greatest
 part of them frost bitten. lam informed that
 Jifty-fivt perished t nth the add.
Queer Property. -7- A New Orleans
 paper advertises for sale one “undivided half
 of a negro.”
Runaway Negroes are swarming through
 our country at an unusual rate. Five have
 been committed to our jail m a few weeks,
 and many others have been seen who escaped,
 among them the three from Chmlotie.
 [AabviUe (N. C.) Messenger.
Communications.
The Brotherhood ef Man.
 And ye all are tmrtkrw.”— Matt, train, (L
 When the divine sentiment of equality and
 fraternity first floated upon the balmy breeaea
 of Palestine, and fell like a world of swee
 music upon the ears of thousands of that great
 multitude then also went up a murmur—a
 cry of Mbst ts this new doctrine, &amp;e., and
 all the invention* of minds darkened by pre
 judice and superstition F’
 Bat a word had gone forth m that hushed
 stillness, which emanated from the throoe
 of the Eternal—which will never return
 void till tt accomplishes that whereuuto it
 was sent. This holy sentiment was a glori
 ous peculiarity in that era of good will to
 men. and as often as it touched the hearts of
 men, it drew them together as a strong cord.
 And why has it not had its perfect work, coo
 verting the world to a garden of pleasant
 places and joyful habitation* of men Why
 has it not bad free course, and been glorified
 throughout the earth 1 It is because that evtl
 gnuus of man —Oppression —has borne the
 iron sway. We have seen this plague spot
 in the form of kings, priests, and all the va
 ried potentates of earth, dealing their fire
 brands of death along their pathway, and
 scorching, as the lava of Etna, every thing
 beautiful and fresh. The laws of God, hu
 man life, and the rights of man, have all been
 ii- w unhallowed power.
 “And ye all are brethren.’’ It would seem
 the world had forgotten these words were ut
 tered by one who was endowed with love and
 wisdom, and the divine spirit of the highest;
 one who came to teach the unity between
 man and man, and man anil his Creator—and
 also the emancipation of the human body and
 the human soul. If w.e, in any degree, have
 imbibed this spirit, then we desire the realiza
 tion of this brotherhood. Sickened and spir
 it-weary we turn from the superficial attempts
 at reform, which have never reached the root
 of the gigantic evils of the present false sys
 tem. Spirit-weary, I say; but hope’s pro
 phetic vision 3cans the vista of years, and
 shows us the reorganization of a true society,
 wherein are blended in perfect harmony, man,!
 nature and God, in universal joy and true re-!
 Jigion. Then should we realize, with .a ful-:
 ness of bliss, these divine words from the lips
 i of Jesus
 And ye are all brethren.” C. M. C.
 York, (Pa.,) May 9th, 1849.
 Frederick Douglass: Sir —lt is my
 purpose to record the death of an eminent
 citizen, a faithful advocate, and an ardent
 triend of the way-worn slave. The person to
 whom I allude is the venerable Samuel Mars,
 who closed account with all that’s earthly on
 the 28th day of April last. Need it he asked j
 who he was? Why, from the last passenger
 in the underground railroad tlotm to the latest
 retired slave monger of Maryland, none are
 so unlearned as not to *know for, while the
 latch-string of his hovel hung free to invite
 .the fugitive of the “Dismal Swamp,” his
 heart was open and as free to hear their tales
 :of oppression and woe. Noi was this all;
 had he a crust it was broken had he health
 (of which he was happily seldom dispossess
 ed) it was staked for the freedom of the
 j slave. By a life partially spent in the service
 of a master, he was made to understand the
 system and, in extent to its horror, so was
 his zeal for its abolition.
 The end of eighty-nine summers found him
 somewhat debilitated in body, but in spirit the
 same invincible friend of libertv. M. C.
Great Fire at Milwaukie. —Loss Sixty
 Thousand Dollars. —A fire broke out last
 Thursday morning about tour o'clock, des
 troying about f&gt;o,ooo worth of property be
 fori it was subdued. The fire originated in the
 building occupied by Mr. Hawkius as a plan
 ing and stove factory, which was consumed
 together with the store of Daviu Moore, Da
 vis, livery stable, Luddingston's bried build
 ing occupied by the Sentinel, and Gazettee;
 Davis and Moore’s stage-house, barn and;
 wagon shops, (the loss on which was $8,000;)
 P. Davies, livery stable, including large quan
 tities of hay, carriages, &amp;c.; and all the build
 ings from Luddingsston’s, on the west side of
 Water street, with the exception of Metcalf,s
 meat market,and the saddlery of G. Dyer,
 which were saved.
i Disastrous Fire at Watertown, N. Y.
 —A disastrous conflagration took place on
 Sunday, May 13th, destroying nearly all the
 business portion of the village. Included in
 the buildings destroyed is the American Hotel
 and out-buildings; all the Paddock s stores on
 Washington street; all the block of stores op
 |K&gt;site on Court street; Woodruff's iron block,
 the Fjpiscopal Church, the Colombian Hotel,
 the Northern State Journal office, the Demo
 cratic Union office, the printing office of Isel
 Greene, and about 30 of our most extensive
 stores. The most of the stores had jußt been
 filled with new goods. The Post office and
 all its contents, and the valuables ot the Black
 River Bank, were saved; also the valuables of
 Wooster Sherman’s Bank and Henry Keep s
 Bank, and the Surrogate’s office papers, all
 saved. The loss in buildings altogether is
 estimated to be within the bounds ot 125,
 000.
The Great Flood at New Orleans.
 Baltimore, Sunday, May 20. —The South
 ern mail has arrived with dates fr»*m Ntw
 Orleans to the 12th inst. The great cievasse
 about the city was still unchecked. The wa
 ter was flowing out rapidly, and thousands of
 acre® of land were overflowed. The crevasse
 was widening, and the water was gradually
 r sing. The Picayune entertains the worst
 apprehensions, and thinks the most senous ca
 lamities may be realized.
 Thousands of workmen have been employ
 ed to close the crevasse, and have not been
 able to make any successful headway Ihe
 water in the swamps and m the Second
 Municipality is gradually rising. People are
 da.lv moving out and abandoning their dwel
 •Un«. Some were taking refuge in the
 second and third stone, of their houses, using
 boats to go out and tn. As before Hated,
 Whithe and Benton sw. with portions of
 H«X&gt;t DryO" r ke tCfIT t
 latter street, were entirely surroundedby the
 floo d M d were only accessible by boats and
 horses, producing great distress among the
 j m bank of the new eaaal wasoyer
 flown and the people of the Jwenth Ward
 and Second Municipality were preparing to
 SITU their abodes. A considerable
 portion oftbe Railroad near the half-way
 Lse was submerged, and the wagr covering
 the street at the new
 m th# head of the basin. About houses
 some workmen employed at the crevasse were
 dying with Cholera.
 Co»ui P"* -The P&lt;*-
 mxaer u Wheeling,
 to deliver the New Concord (Ofeto) Free
 Press to its suheeriheva tn that etty, of whom
 it has si*. The reason given ts ns anti-slavery
 opinions and geoetal
 which the PertlMMew el «hee poty te l e.,
 delivered it to it* Sostn#*!,—L. tmottt,
 Gazette.
Comment at
Reciirrta. May SI, UM*
 There hot beat murk uunUm hlk —lrt far
 the hat nth. The arrival far wagons hi
 hca «rj a—II, and the prwe of (.i wm taw im
 pr»««tl a Uftir. ttr &lt;j*rtp Gnum IMflf I.HJ-
 Western wheat by canal ha* armed wore freely, a*l
 sella at TUBS far the whole range.
 Gonw Flour selfaag at f 5 some good brand*
 fans I* to owe- fir* t* ia frond demand mJ ar
 rirres finely tau the eoawtry and by the canals; *eU»
 at Start 1.
 u
 Rochester Wholesale Prices ('■neat*
 FLOIH tin MEAL-ltar Kf calni
 Flour, P bbl 4«#5 25
 Corn meat, bush 45 50
 PROVISIONS.—Duty ;Beef.Porit,HaßM&gt;, Baron,
 Butter and Lord. SO pc; Cheese SO p e ad t»1
 Pork, (new) II 00 II 50
 Do. in hot 9 SO
 Beef, cat. 4 00 5 00
 Do. bbl. (am) 700 800
 Lard (tried) p h 9
 Do. (h*f.) b
 Ham*, (Msoked)
 Shudder*, do. 5 5J
 Butter 10 IS
 Cbeeee 06 40 07
 Turkeys P h
 Chickens 64
 Potatoes, bush 50 62J
 GRAIN —Duty; Jopt*dnl
 Wheat, hush I r2j
 Corn P.. 51
 Rv* .fg
 (tats #32
 Barley 50 5S
 HIDES—Duty; 5 p e ad nl;
 Slaughter
 Calf 10
 Sheep Pelta 40 G 75
 SEEDS—Dwy; Linseed Ml #c; Mustard 20 P
 C ad ral
 Clorer S *5 5 00
 Timothy ISO# 2 25
 Flax 1 00
 FlSH—Duty on foreign caught; 20 p c ad ral
 Whitehall bbl 8 00
 Codfish cart 3 25
 SUNDRIES
 Salt, bbl 1 25
 Apples, bus 50
 Do. dried hush. ff 62
 Eggs, p dot ..10
 Beans, p bush &lt;B&gt; 62
 Hay, p ton 7 00 11 00
 Hard wood 3 50
 Soft Wood
'K ii»e r t i e c m e n t s.
 JOB PRINTING.
 THE NORTH STAR OFFICE, is furnished
 with new Job Tt/pe, for the execution of every
 description of Printing with neatness and despatch,
 at the lowest prices far cash, rit;
 Hand-bills, Blanks, Bill-head*,
 Programmes, Circulars, Bills of Lading,
 Pamphlets, Cards, Labels, tec.
 Narrative of the life of Freder
 ick DOUGLASS, written by himself, to lie
 had at this office, price 30 cents.
 Antislavery office aid Reading Roomy
 No. 25 Buffalo St. Rochester, opposite the Arcade.
 THIS office has been newly stocked with the
 latest and best works on slavery and other moral
 questions. Among them are the Young Abolitionist
 —Poverty its illegal causes anti legal cure—Tlie
 Power of Kindness—The Branded Hand—History
 of the Mexican war—Theodore Parker’s Ser
 mon onJ.Q. Adams—do on tlie Mexicau war—
 do his letters to tlie People of tlie United States—
 The Church as it is or the Forlorn hope of Slavery
 —Despotism in America, and Archy Moore.
 I intend to have in connection with office a Cir
 culating Library, as soon as I can get a sufficient
 number of useful and instructive books of a moral
 and scientific character.
 JOHN S. JACOBS.
 Asylum for the Sick who have been con
 fined to their beds from 1 to 20 years.
 DR. HAMILTON’S Hydropathic and Anyalytic
 Asylum, No 217 Exchange Street, opposite the
 Orphan Asylum, Rochester, N.Y. This Institution
 is now firmly established and in successful opera
 tion. The proprietor analyzes every disease that is
 admitted there, and applies the natural and appro
 priate remedy. Although water i m used in every way
 that is applied in any "Vrater-ctwe "WtaCTishmenf in
 the United States, yet the proprietor wishes it to he
 expressly understood that it is not relied on as the only
 or principal temedy in the treatment of disease sub
 mitted to his care.
 This Establishment is designed for that class ol
 invalids who have failed to obtain their health by all
 other systems of practice, and are still unable to
 walk or stand on their feet, and are confined to tlieir
 oeds, wearing out a life of misery and suffering with
 qut any hope of ever being any better.
 The remedies made use of in this Institution not
 only entirely remove disease I ait give increased
 strength and elasticity to the system. Many have
 been brought here from different parts of the coun
 try, who had neither walked or borne their weight
 on their feet from five to fifteen years; and some
 who have been unable to dress or undress, or even
 to feed themselves, anti in the course of a few weeks
 would he walking with the elasticity of youth and
 the quickness of a pedestrian, astonished at them
 selves, and surprising their friends and all who saw
 tliem when they first came. The treatment of this
 Institution is particularly calculated to remove tlie
 diseases peculiar to females, such as
 Ist. The falling of the Womb, in all its stages
 and conditions in patients, from twelve years of age
 up to sixty, and even if they have been confined to
 tlieir beds from one to twenty, unable to stand, walk,
 dress, or undress themselves, or even too feeble to
 bear anv noise or speak aloud.
 2d. Weakness and Falling of tlie Bowels; Fain
 in the Side, Shoulders, Back and Head* Spinal
 Diseases, Liver Complaints, Sinking Sensation at
 the Stomach, Palpitation ot the Heart, Dyspepsia
 in all its forms and stages, Piles, Costiveness, Di
 arrhoea, Suppression of tlie Menses, Excessive
 Menstruation, Whiles, all Nervous Diseases, Cold
 Feet and Hands, St. Anthony’s Dance, Tetters of
 all kinds, Salt Rheum, in its worst forms, Neural
 gia, Tic Douloureuiß Rheumatism, Coosumptiod in
 its first stages, General Weakness and Debility.
 The proprietor lias given his whole attention to
 I the above diseases far the bat fen years, and has
 treated them in an entirely different way from any
 j other private practice or public Institution in this
 country-; and such has been his snccess, and so cer
 tain are his remedies in their effects on those dis
 eases, that instead of publishing a fang list of cer
 tified cures, he wi*hes to give that class of invalids
 seeking to obtain their health a sufficient guarantee
 against any false pretensions, exaggeration, impo
 sition or deception, so dial no ooe need be to any
 expense in this Institution without being baoefited.
 The proprietor will enter into a special contract
 with any one who wishes to do so, that he will ad
 mit into the Institution, to advance the monev and
 pay all the expenses from any part of the United
 States here and back home again, before be com
 mences the treatment, and give a bond to board them,
 together with his professional services, far nothing,
 if he does not help diem according to contract. Any
 one thinking the above proposition not a sufficient
 guarantee against misrepiesentatioos anil expeo-e
 w ithout receiving equal benefit, can let the proprie
 tor know what will be satisfactory, and it shall be
 dulv cor siiiered.
 This Institution has grown up from private prac
 tice by the influence of those who have been helped
 here,’as nothing has ever been published hefare;
 and the proprietor means that it shall sattnin itael.
 bv its own merits, or pay the expense of thane who
 choose to make a coot-act in case of failure. The
 design of this Circular is not to make known tha
 cores that have been made in this institution, because
 they must soon be believed; but lo let it be more
 extensively known to the poor suffering invalids
 that have speat hundreds of dollar* in try ing all
 other systems of practice, and without much or ant
 benefit, and still remain confined to their beds front
 five to twenty years, that there is an lattiiutiot
 whose treatment is different from anv other oar the
 United States, and is pnrtieaiarH adapted to then
 situation, and can have it cost them nothing ualnu
 tbrv are materially benefited.
 From the nature of treat meat in this Institution
 the number of patients must he limited, therefore tha
 proprietor dong not solicit the patronage of slight ant
 ordinary cases which may be easily helped by othei
 i eyatems of practice; nor does he want any one tt
 come, antem they wish to get well, and are wiping
 to be made wefl enough to walk from five to usenti
 miles at a tone, and fallow h np day after day ii
 twf— *««o; and also willing to be aside able to en
 dure as moth labor and fatigue as most of peoph
 that tall themselves well, as he means that every
 i ok that goes through a thorough course of treaemrm
 i in dm Analytic Institution shall shew fa their is
 creased strength, elasticity of arnica, hrmaess c*
 texture, .eapufaiity of endurance, and improves
 health, that the treatment in this Institution is fawad
 ed an the autaral law* of organised matter, am
 uuamqurmty its oyer every other dif
 fereat system of practice.
 AH ■■unirsfinss addressed to Dr THOMAS
 HAMILTON* Rochester, post paid, will main
 immndmr- If requested, reference wit
 be made to those who have faces helped is this laati
 I aad lfe food refetaom as to responsibility
X«w Waled aa4 Jewelry Stare.
 JOHN KEDZIF. Imrfcy pwiarr^Mp
 relatione, ha* removed hi* Shop f»« done*
 North la Ha. 11, Slate Street, where he peefared
 wwiwhlt la Enancii U ia the ah of aa ealit* arw
 Stark -4 (inid», nanatia; 4 l&lt;«U ui Silver
 Eanltsh, Asrhnr. llorirnatai ml Vertical W e*d«*.
 Gobi Guard aad Fob thauw. Gold Scale ami Key*,
 Gold aad Stiver Pewriis. Spectacle* ml Thimblre,
 OaU Kar.Ri«(«, fbaelrtf, mi FMtrr-iljiit'—»
 i food amortomtrt. cheap; a vsnetv or aad
 (tredmrnV Bma-Piu, aea mle; dathh mail
 **■s fc Has* ns* (old aad plated Locket*. &lt;».»M Pea*,
 beet quality, Silver and Shell OW» ami Coaes,;
 Fiae Ac. Ac.
 The ihorr and a variety &lt;4 fiber desirable Goods
 j usually kept ia our hwiwa, are ohmi oa mure ad
 vantage tan term than amnl; ami A w partiodarh
 dwind that (hr goods should hr examined. and
 price* ascertained, before purchasing elsewhere in
 thin market.
 We manufacture aad keep land a good **#nrt
 t meat of Silver Spoons, warranted a* pare at Ame
 ricas cow.
 Will alto keep aa assortment of Acordeom and
 I other Musical Instrument?, which will he told very
 low.
 We intend to keep a good xomrtment of the he*t
 Bnta Eight-day, SB boor.ami ahuruan finch*, a* can
 be found ia tbit city. —Call ami ter theta.
 WATCH REPAIRING, buthfollv .lone ami war
 ranted by an experienced workman.
 Farther particular* at No. It State Street.
 J KEDZIF. A Co.
 P. S.—To the Fanner* in particular we would
 giTC notice, that we have a variety of Barometers
 which will give that knowledge of the change* of the
 weather, so a* to be able to adopt hi* hnsioes* to il*
 variation*. Pie i*e call and examine them, a* ever--
 man ought to ha e one.
 Sep. 15, ISIS. tun.
 DR. A. CLARK,
 DENTAL SURGEON.
 T would respeplfulhr inform the citizen* of Rochester
 laud surrounding eountrv, that I have removed my
 office Irom No. 89 Smith'* Arcade to my dwelling
 hon*e No. 92 Monroe Street.
 Thankful for past favors in the line of mv profes
 sion, and flattering myself that I ran give perfect
 satiidhction to all who may flavor me with their pa
 tronage. 1 would invite all those who are ile
 sirous ofhaving operation* performed on the teeth or
 of I taring teeth iuserted to rail on me and satisfy
 themselves.
 -A. CLARK.
 N. B. All operations performed by me on die
 teeth and Plate Work warranted.
 Rochester, Oct. 13,1848. if.
 Arnold's Pa tool Hlndow-Sash Lock.
 rllS article, designed as a fastener lor windows,
 is the roost desirable thing of the kind ever in
 vented, and meets with universal favor wherever
 known. All who examine the Lock admire its
 simplicity and adaptedness to the purpose intended.
 The object of this advertisement lieing to call tlie
 attention of the public to an examination of it*
 merits, the patentee will substitute for any descrip
 tion or endorsement of his own, the following rer-:
 titicate signed by the Mayor and Postmaster of
 Rochester, the First Judge of Monroe County, the
 various hardware merchants, and other scientilic
 and Imsiness men of Rochester:
 CERTIFICATE.
 Rochester, Nov. 29, 1848.
 We, the undersigned, citizens of Rochester, lie-
 ing acquainted with the Window Sash l-ook re
 cently invented by Mr. vVm. E. Arnold, of this i
 city, take pleasure in recommending it to the public,
 it being, in our opinion, decidedly preferable to any
 other we have ever seen. The principle on which j
 it operates appears to be correct. The I silt moves
 by its own weight and yet lies liorizontal or nearly
 so, —is only enclosed by a box of Russia sheet-iron, I
 forming a perfect Window Fastener, bolding tin 1 I
 window up or down, without the aid of a spring or j
 screw. It is adapted to any common sized sash,
 and when put in, which is very quick and easily
 done, has uo appearance of ever getting out of or
 der, and works with the most perfect case. The i
 difficulties which necessarily arise from springs, ami I
 also those that liavc lieretofore been made to move
 by tiieir own weight, I icing entirely obviated in
 this. It only needs to lie known to go into general
 use.
 P &lt;1 Buchan, 1, A Ward, Darin* Perrin,
 Ebenezer Watt* Janie* P Fogg Duree Forsyth j
 E F Church, A S Alexander, A K Amsden,
 Win Riisliurll, ,1 Haves, S Moses,
 W W Bry an, R S (Jrampton J Alexander,
 J C Child, II Dibble, llenrySeurl,
 Wm M Sl-ume, W Longworthv, Lemuel Clarke,
 Isaac Run*, A Mann, A Strong,
 Elliott Fitch, J E Cheenev, I&gt; A Watson,
 Rufus Keeler, S Richard---. M*• C Ycille,
 L Ward Smith Samuel a,..... a.kner,
 Hiram C Hmirh, H Sngget, It tlnn ter,
 Cetilicates from D. C. McCallum and Henry
 Sf.ari., Distinguished Architects.
 Th 6 tndersighned would represent, that for tlie
 last for the last 15 years he has been familiar with
 the various kind* of window' fastenings which have
 been from time to time invented, all of which have
 been imperfect in some particular. I have recently
 examined and tested a window fastener invented by
 Win. E. Arnold, of this city, which for ease of at
 tachment, durability, economy, and adaptation to
 tlie porpose, exceeds anything of the kind which
 lias come under mv notice. D. C. M’Uallvm.
 Rochester, April 35,1849.
 Having qxainined the Sash Lock recently patent
 ed by Win, E. Arnold, of this city, I gave it as
 my opinion, that it possesses qualities that renders
 it far superior to any thing of tlie kind that I have
 yet seen, and that it will so recommend itself to the
 public and tliat.it will go into general use.
 llesrv SkaRE, Architect.
 Rocliestef, May, 1840.
 AUBURN and ROCHESTER
 RAIL-ROAD.
 /CHANGE IN TIME.—The trains will commence
 to leave Rochester to-dav at tlie following time
 Eastward—at 1 A. *iHj a. w., I v. m. 7|p. w.
 Westward—at lj a. m., 9 A.a., 2i p. w. 7 p.w.
 Rochester, Decemlier 5, 1848.
 ‘•Every Wan his own Physician.”
 THE HOME DOCTOR.
 JUST PUBLISHED, a new ami valuable fas,k
 for every family in tin- country, and one that, may
 be consulted with perfect safety- As its title page
 indicates, it is ‘‘THE HOME DOCTOR, or Family
 Manual, giving tlie causes, symptoms anti treatment
 of Diseases; with an account of tlie system while in
 health, and rules for preserving that state. Appen
 ded to which are recipes for making various medi
 cines and articles for diet for tlie *n:k room. The
 whole written for general use and daily practice, by
 John B. Newman, M. D.”
 Also, accompany ing this lss»k, or separate, is
 “THE HERB BOOK, a book &lt;levote»l exclusively
 to Herbs, giving their names, varieties,description,
 medical properties and doses, use, time of gathering,
 ami many other direction* very useful for every fam
 ily to kifowf, and written expressly for family use.”
 The Herb Book is ilevoted solely to Popular Med
 cal Botany, ami will furnish on that point all the
 desired information wanted tor general use.”
 The two hook* are put up and tsiund together and
 contain 200 |»ages, price 25 cents, or sold separate
 at 124 cent*.
 Tin? symptoms of each disease are carefully given,
 *0 tiiat one may hr- recognized trom another, to pre
 vent practising m die dark; al.-o the treatment, a
 sketch of general physiology, ami rules for keeping
 in health, together w ith observation* 011 tbe.r causes,
 mean* of avoiding deleterious influences, ami such
 other remark* a* are deemed appropriate, foe U,tb
 malt and frmalt.
 The hook ha* been written with great care, in a
 1 plain, simple, common-sense style easily to be wi
 f derstood try every person, aad by a practical physi
 cian and a thorough botanist. We can recommend
 it with entire coohdence, as being a work superior
 in ail respect* to any other book of the kind ever
 published at ib&gt;- price.
 Families in the country, ami especially those liv
 ing ia new rotutfrie* ami unhealthy climate*, should
 I not fail to procure a copy aad have it at ail time* at
 band, iu case of sickne** a* they might thereby by
 some simple remedy save an el peon re ami protrac
 ted doctor* bid. Whether well tar sick, *oeh a hook
 thou id lie ia every bouse as a safe ami sure adviser
 ia lime of need, the direction given it* person, .11
 health cannot he too strictly atteaded to U all.
 The price at which the book ia vM is so low that
 l every faasily may have copy, ami none -would la
 without it-
 The hook is pat up in Paper landing, ami ea*
 easily be seat by snail. Postage oaky #4 cent* to any
 1 part of the United Blate*.
 j QCP Any person sending us mu doli oby uuui, am
 j aad paying postage oa the let lev 4»lf have £&gt;*n
 t eopm* seal him fit*
 Head ia your orders*, then- u so risk ia sewing
 I money fay mail, it rones to u- daily, and the Is* A
 always reach th ir deafauatton.
 9CP Four fluoshe* am dab together ami send 1
 j dollar bill, aad have four hooka scan u&gt; one a»ktre*«
 WANTED—Age*u in ntoagaf the Htaies to tel
 thta work, nlmoat every 'amilv w»C psu-dmm it i
 carried to their doors A -avail capital of from $3
 ,u» %S» will fan aaceasary for each Addie..
 metpmd, GEO W FI.HHKR,
 j April 1,184*. Exdmngwot,Kochcaur,N. V.
 GENTEEL BOARDING HOUNE.
 PHARLEH lUGHGATE.wouU
 VJ form his fricade aad the pafcfie, that he emrn'am
 m devote avery attewfioa to thaaa afoaaad to for*
 bts “home” wah a ndl TV haaar is pfomomtl
 h w*s«r w A^-
TV OM firtslty
 -At No 44 Err turner Street Rttfkrtirr
 LLOYD wwr. (nurM &lt;w the patronage
 ■warded hi®. vmM rwpKtMhr inform h&lt;«
 trie«d« a®) the pubfc generally. that he he* rnnthr
 enlarged hr* estahlWhmeat «wi hi* stork
 sf Me*',, Women*,. *®l lAwldreiiV New and
 Second hand apparr In addition in thw Anoart
 gym he will bn wi eell H«w» and Sware View
 lure, ft***. Jewelry. I *«t artirW. Mertnam!
 ami agnrwHmal implemral'*, and wdr*d all than*
 y nrwm «W* ami e®i»” of may not be
 rwalilr oUa.aed al nthre pkrr*. It fa*.a legion
 to, keep The Old
 with an iwlhw wietv of articles t* which he wi
 pat liter*lS and ilnpow of at eatistaetorv |Mph
 Clothing rr|aimi ml rraovated with Mi®M
 awl despatch.
 then 6* get TV «*Md Cnroruty Shop-
 Rorheemr Mudi I'M*.
 it raid If dratioi. YrffdtmS
 lnaal JaMlef.
 THE Anniversary of West In.) 14 Irfmaripiitoß,
 will he celebrated at the rrty of Buffalo, an the
 First &lt;iay of Angml next, (innl and extensive
 (WpanitKiMii are leint nwlr to nuke it one of the
 moot brilliant afeio nj.&lt;u temril. A reneral in
 vi tat ion is given to aH Freedom** Friend* through
 otrt the State ami elsewhere.
 Come iMie* come ail!
 GEORGE WKIR.Jn.,
 Sec’v of Committee of ArranfewfMs
 Oitral Graid I Hrbraiioit. Frrr
 dom’s \aiial Jabilrr.
 THE Anniversary of West ln&gt;li:t F.tnarir i|*ikmi
 will la* celebrated m the city of Autarn, on the
 Find day t»f Atigu&lt;t next Extensive |•repan tiotu
 are being made to make it one of the most brilliant
 affairs upon record V general mv u.ition is given
 to all Freedom's Friend* throughout the State amd
 elsewhere Come ok! ami young’ rune one, corn®
 all. J. W.QI INCY,
 stee. of Corn, nt' Attaigrnntti
 May 11, 1.449.
j BOSTON ADVERTISEMENTS,
 HO.VF. FOR RKFORVKRS.
 THE subscriber has removed to that neat, con*®
 nient, and central hoarding-bouse. No. 2$ Centre
 Court, w here he will I** nwst happy to welcome some
 of the Friends of Reform. at reasonable charges.—
 j He wishes his Ikhisc to he the centra I place tit Bos
 I ton, w lie re the friends of Temperance, Peace, Purity
 Freedom, the Prisoner, &amp;c.,may meet together,at—
 enjoy a comfortable and tpiiet home,
 i Central Court opens at 234 Washington street.
 JOHN M. SPEAR.
 Bouton, Aug, 21, 1848.
 'THOMAS P. SMIthTnZ 3f», Brattle Street’
 A sign of the Golden Ball. New and Second
 hand Clothing Store.
 The Massachusetts Quarterly Review,
 (COMMENCED on tin' first of llecember, 1847,
 S to he continued on the Ist of March, June, and
 and Septemler. It will la* devoted to the interest
 of no party or class, tail its conductor* will endea
 vor to present an open and fair field for the notice
 ami discussion of matters |iertuining to Phth»«ophy
 Politics, Literature, Religion, anil llunianitv.
 The Review will U* conducted by R. Emer
 son, Theodme Parker, am! J. Elliot Cahot, assisted
 by several other gentlemen.
 Each nmnlier will contain nlioiit 125 pages, at the
 price of §3 a year, in advance.
 Communications, siil«arripti&lt;ms, &amp;c should I*
 addressed to the Publishers,
 COOLHXiF. k WILEY,
 12, Water Street, Boston
 ROBERT MORRIS, Jk., Attorney aud Coun
 sellor at Liu, Br.t/.er*s Building, State Street
 Boston.
 JOHN D. KKVALEON, Hair Cutting siCm*
 ami Perfumery Emporium, 11-1, Blnckstone-* jg*
NEW YORK ADVERTISEMENTS*
 IjUJ.IS A. POTTER’S Ready Mode Clothing
 J Store, 91 Canal Street, lietween Church Street
 and West Broadway, New York. Also—A Gen
 eral Assortment of Gentlemen's Furnishing Articles,
 constantly on hand.
 May 14, 1449.
 JCST PUBLISHED, awl for sale at tin* office of
 of the Anti Slavery Slumlord
 The la'g-on of Liberty, ami Eorce of Truth, 10th
 edition.
 1 This w'nck contains about 28ft page* of close
 j reading; 300 eminent authoritier, aud alioiit sixty
 I illustrative engravings. Price 37$ cts. in muslin,
 and 25 rents in papier covers. A very liberal di«-
 I count to lltose wist purchase a uuiiilier ol* copies,
 j The Condition, Influence, Rights, and Appeal of
 Women, from various authors, 12$ cents.
 I-el tiT to Ilk* Pfopk* ol (he (Jiuffni S(atp9,
 the .Matter of Slavery. By Theodore Parker.—
 pp. 120. Price 18j cents.
 Win. W. Brown’s lecture Is f.ire tlte Female A S.
 Society of Salem, Mas*. Reported liy 11. M.
 Parklmrst, Boston.—pp. 22. Price 5 cents.
 ('olorrd Sailors* Homo,
 330, Pearl Street, New York.
 lARIEN l)S of the slave, ami strangers on a vi»it
 to New York, can now be accommodated with
 as good Board, and at as low a price as in any oilier
 house in Ihe city. Tlie house i&gt; large and con
 venient; will Irold comfortably seventy persons.
 Families can have private rooms, and every atten
 tion paid to their comfoil. WM, P. POWELL.
 May 11, 1849.
 DR. J. M’CUNF. SMITH, 93, West Broad
 way.
 MRS. PETTIT would respectfully inform her
 Friends and the Public, that she lias removed
 from 150 to a eoiiunodiou- house No. 16 2, Church
 Street, where site will continue to entertain respect
 able colored persons with Board am! 1-odgmg
 New York, May 11, 1449.
PHILADELPHIA AMERTLSEitTTS.
 General Intelligence Office.
 GKO. W. (lOINKM Imving opened an K*tabh»n
 inenl at the PMII.AfiKLrHI InsTiTrrr,
 l&gt;jiiiUird Street, Above Seventh, for tin* purpose ol
 procuring honest ami faithful domestic* for tho«e
 win* nay require them, and obtaining nlnre* for
 *urh at are qualified ami in want thereof, beg* leave
 to refer to llir following named gentlemen, who have
 Itimilv permitted the use of their name* an
 ar.rcßKNcg*:
 Andrew M’Makin Editor of the American Courier
 Robert Morri», Kditor of the Inquirer
 Jasper Harding, Pubbsbcr of the Inquirer
 Cliarle* J. Peterson, Kditor of Neal’* fiaxetle
 Tho*. B. Florence, Kditor of Timet ami Keystone
 Koiwit Howell. 88, Chemiut .Street
 Hiliiam J. Mullen, 278, Catherine Htreet.
 Philadelphia, Sept. 1, 1848. ly—2M
 DR. I). J. PECK, Pbysiriaii ami Burgeon, Phc
 ladelphia Institute, Ismilwrd Htreet, above
 Seventh. ly —M
 FREE PRODUCE STORE.
 NEW &lt;i(K)I)8 jwt reriveil. tieneml raJwiion
 in price..
 Fine 4-4 Print., various style*.
 Mew style* of Print* of medium quality, anon I width.
 Fine ami wide Paper Muslin*. Ainu Coined
 Cambr ire
 Curtain Calico. Superior fine Chintz Umbrellas
 Oil Cloth*.
 Satinet*, good ami cheap. AUo &lt;h» hand, mostly
 rr&lt;iu&lt; et| price*, &lt;iingham», varidm qualities and
 style*.
 Fi&gt;m ami heavy Shirting, Sheetings, amt Pillow
 Mudiiio*.
 Strqie*l aartrir*. Fine &lt;M Ft*id Muslin.
 Muslin de Paine, plain and nenlK hgiared, ail wool
 lanen*, warranted free from cotton.
 Ir Unoel* 4-4 good and price low I ‘antoa flannels
 white and colored.
 Table Diaper and Cloths, of di&amp;rewt sly few,
 Apr*** ami Furniture Chech. 'mom Handkerchief'.
 Cotton Twilled Pantaloon Studs. Also Linen
 Drilling, Ire.
 Long and Itaif Hose, fine am) heavy,
 knitting Cotton, tari&gt;«* Mo*., idewrhed,lenwn, and
 colored.
 W mhling, white am) colored Cutua l~*pm. Alw,
 Rchueii l&gt;s*f, Crushed, and Pulverised Sagar.
 Drow it Sugar, good ij«alitv, of vartown.grade*.
 Thr wls.le tuck exclusively Free lahr liowh,
 ‘b* which the Sulmcriher mould invite the »Item tot!
 of rouocry merchants, as well as his friends and «W
 t |wfdic generally.
 Much pains taken by the Managers of the Free
 j Prwiure Amocmtion, to assist the K«tm nlam m
 Urge the assortment from lane to timr. 4 ‘l®
 ammm tailor,
 Northwest corner Fifth and Chmv-Mi
 PluUilrlphm U rno. lat, ISIS.
 /4HARLEH JOMFS. H m tttM Z nJ
 V North Street, betwew. Fifth mdSk'Jl ~*x
 Market and Arch .tree**,
 sTSE £*s*j£32*
 Unable Hawn «n FfcdadeUhi*. d Com
 A PhifaMphte, Dk/iTiSS^
