|J oettg.
 .4# 1
 For ik Norik Star.
 T«&gt; those «h»ir seals her t beeu affixed to (he* bond
 &lt;&gt;l lirctherinodnhidi uniter in the mint of Chn»t
 all th« children of men, the follow inf thought* ar c
 a.idre**ed'
 wake! nriv, ve bondmen.
 Vf unree than slave*, *nir,
 To hare the name of freemen
 Then haste ye to arise!
 Ip' «p. and do your dim ileienmite to Ite fret;
 t"a*t off the fetteio of ilte world—not only teem,
 but lie!
 Thin in no time to slumlier,
 Ami think you’re naught to do;
 Oh, who ran count the number
 \VlK&gt;*e deaths are bid to you,
 Am) groant that wake the stillness of the titeni hour
 of night.
 And deed* your mantle covers from the searching
 power of light
 Thes^ —there go up to I leaven,
 Before the God they stand.
 The worn ami spirit-riven
 Of tliee their riglrt* demand.
 bat will ye answer to iht-m, ve who hare ta’en
 tlie bond
 Dial joined thee to thy la oilier, and linked tin sou)
 w ith God
 cs; iv lore ye cue another
 Fall* sweetly on the ear;
 it means the enslaved brother
 Tho’ scathed with wounds and sear,
 Ve hare a common Father, a common birthright
 too;
 There is no portal in the skies exclusively for you-
 Melbinks it is to prove ye,
 That God thus suffers ill;
 l.,et him no longer see thee
 The slaver’s coffers (ill
 At once beak off communion, dissolve llie tie
 that bind*
 To him who dares to barter base gold for human
 kind. MARY.
 (New York, May 16,1849.
 From the Anti-Mlaverv Standard.
 LINES
 Sngetslrd /iy ttu latt m'ffMn i&gt;/ Auxtnaii dtspotitm.
 BV JAMES STILt.MAIt.
 Awhile obscured thy glorious light,
 With clouds and darkness shaded yet,
 Though all around jiortends the night,
 Thy sun, O Freedom, hath not set;
 Above the envious (Moods that lise
 Shines still the pure unsullied niy,
 Alton to Intrst upon our eyes,
 With dazzling and immortal day.
 The seeds of Liberty are sown
 In every eorner of the earth,
 And e’en the smallest straggling one,
 Blood-nourished, waits a eotning birth.
 Oppression o’er the seeming waste,
 Willi steel-clad hoof the germs inav tread.
 Till every vestige is effaced,
 And even Imjie from memory lied.
 But hidden life remains beneath,
 Although its advent is delayed,
 Unscathed by barrenness or death,
 Nor is the es-senoe dormant laid;
 The roots extend, thy genial fire*,
 tJ Freedom, jicrmeate the sod,
 And with preserving warmth iuspirea
 Those sacred tenants of the clod.
 Shine on, thou fair illustrious light,
 Though feebly seen, earth feels the rav,
 And waits expectant till the blight,
 And storm, and darkness pass away;
 baits till the buds of promise burst,
 Waits till the flowers of beauty bloom.
 Tear-watered plants in sorrow nursed,
 A new creation from the tomb.
 Unfading verdure sprung to birth,
 Must soon its mantle spread around,
 And sacred kept, the teeming eaitli
 No more Oppression’s ploughshare wound;
 Full many a furrow it bath made,
 And more the world perhaps may see,
 And many a spot be fallow-laid,
 Yet fated for fertility.
 The stubborn glebe is life with might,
 The stones and clay with strength abound,
 Nestling in safety till the light
 Of morning calls them from the ground.
 Frost-nipped the early shoot* may seem
 To perish, yet they still survive,
 Til), Freedom, thine immortal beam
 Brings all to life, and bids them thrive.
 THE WORLD 18 FULL OF BEAUTY.
 There is a voice within rne,
 And ’tis so sweet a voire,
 That its soft In pings win me.
 Till tears start to my eyes
 l&gt;eep Irorn my soul it spriugeih,
 Like hidden melody,
 And evermore it singeth
 This song of songs to me
 This world is full of beauty,
 Ax other worlds above,
 And if we did our duty,
 It might be full of love’”.
 It laith and lovmg-kindness
 Passed coin ’twixt heart and heart,
 Old Bigotry’* dark blindness
 Aiid malice would depait.
 If men were more forgiving,
 Were kind words ofteuer spoken.
 Instead of scorn so grieving,
 There would be few lieart-broken.
 \N lien plenty’s round us smiling,
 W by wakes this cry for bread 1
 Why are crushed millions toiling,
 Gaunt—clothed in rags—-unfed
 The sunny hills and valleys
 Blush ripe with lruit and grain,
 But the lordling i n the palace
 Still robs his fellow-nien.
 O God! what hosts aie trampled
 Amid Uri* press for gold,
 What noble hearts are sapped of hfe.
 What spirit* lose their hold!
 Aud yet upou thi* God-ble*scd earth
 There’s room for every ous;
 Ungarner’d food still ripens.
 To waste, rot in the sun
 For the world is full of beauU,
 A* other worlds above;
 And if we did our duty,
 It might lie full of love!
 Let the law- of bloodshed perish,
 Wars, gore and glory, splendor—
 And men will leara to cherish
 Foe ling* more kind uad leader,
 Were we true unto each other,
 We’d L(.nish Hate aud Crime,
 And tbtp the hand of brother.
 In any land or time!
 It gold were uot au idol.
 Were ruind and mein worth,
 Oh, there would l« a U.dal
 Betwixt high heaven aud earth’
 W ere innti our uttered laugaage,
 Angels might talk with ineu.
 And God illumined earth should see
 The golden age aga.n
0 elections.
All INCIDENT 111 THE TRIAL OF
 AN I Riff II PATRIOT.
 Bv Phil Bkexglc.
 “A very original affair, said I, lay
 ing down the Tribune of that day.
 “What is that?” inquired my cora*-
 panion.
 “I refer to that scene in the trial of
 Smith O’Brien, when Dobbyn, the Irish
 Detective, is proved a perjurer by the
 unexpected testimony of Mr. D’Alton.
 All the circumstances connected with
 the affair—the visit of D’Alton at the
 Freeman office; the hasty and success
 ful measures instantly taken to bring
 into court; the crushing power of
 D’Alton’s iestimonv, and the complete
 unmasking of Dobbyn—would seem to
 mark the whole as an interference by
 Providence, if all these things had not
 so unaccountably failed in the great
 result.”
 The gentleman to whom I said this,
 was a grey-headed refugee from Ire
 land, since the great rebellion in ’9B.
 He paused a few moments, and then
 replied in a voice trembling with age
 and strong feeling,
 “I dare not trust myself to speak of
 the trial of O’Brien, for it reminds me
 of the days of Fitzgerald and Kmmet.
 But there is one incident of those times
 which I can mention with more calm
 ness. Your remark suggested it. I
 will tell you of a providential interfer
 eence, this time successful, in a trial,
 of similar character. The actors were
 obscure and are now forgotten by all,
 except the few who then stood in the
 court-room, and saw the heroism of aj
 servant girl, trampling upon her own!
 love for the sake of truth and justice in,
 the cause of Ireland. They never can
 forget it. All that I did not then under-,
 stand in the affair, I afterwards learn- j
 ed by inquiry of others —so strong
 was the interest that humble heroine
 made with me.”
 Late on Hallowmas Eve, a young
 man and girl were sitting together in
 the servant’s room of an Irish country
 seat. The latter was a fair and buxom
 lass known far and near, as “pretty
 Mary Donnovan.” She had an honest
 face, too, where the very heart seemed
 looking forth, and one for whose real
 nobility a man might pledge his life.
 At the moment, it was clouded with anx
 iety and timid love.
 near her, sat a man with one
 of those false, handsome faces that we
 occasionally meet, and look upon a
 second time. His glossy hair was
 elaborately curled, and his eye, hard
 and black like jet, was marked with in
 sincerity. His whole appearance was,
 as I have just said, handsome and
 false. Had the young girl whom he
 was so earnestly addressing, been a
 physiognomist, she would never have
 listened to his words, but as it was, her
 whole manner was wavering, distrust
 ful, yet tender.
 “Pltelim, you know r that I love you,
 and oh! that I could trust ye too. If 1
 could shut my eyes while ye talk to me,
 I’d wait no longer, but give ye the word
 at once; but whenever l look in your
 eye, you seem to be talking only with
 your lips, and so I v v
 the face I should love to iuo.. upon.”
 “I understand ye, Mary Donnovan,”
 said Phelim, bitterly, “and because
 the face I was born with don’t suit ye,
 you think I am trying to cheat. It’s no
 use to fool around ye any longer. I’ll
 go to the mountains and join the fight
 ing boys to-morrow.”
 “Not because I sent ye there!” ex
 claimed Mary hastily. “Dear Phelim,
 forgive me, and I’ll never vex you a
 gain.”
 A glow, not of shame, passed over
 his face, as he saw the effect of his
 w ords in this, the first sign of tr iumph,
 and he persevered so cleverly, that in a
 few moments they were betrothed, and
 he had won*the first ripe kiss from her
 dainty lips. Then followed the inter
 change of lo\e tokens, usual among
 the Irish peasantry. They could only
 interchange locks of hair, for they
 had nothing else to give.
 “Write on the paper around it the
 date of the blessed night, Phelim, and
 it will be twice as precious to me.”
 So he did, and Mary placed it care
 fully next to her heart.
 They then began to talk of more
 serious matters. Both were poor, hut
 hopeful and ready to wait for some sud
 den turn of good fortune which they
 fondly dreamed might corne at any
 time. This disscussion of ways, means,
 and all impracticable projects, carried
 them far into the night; so far, indeed,
 that Phelim, lover though he really
 was, yawned sleepily, as he took his
 candle, saying;
 “Goodnight, Mary Dear, and don’t
 forget Hallowmas Eve.”
 ’‘Ah! Phelim,” she replied, “I'll re
 member it.”
 So she did.
 The next day brought tidings to the
 inmates of Hall, that a large bod/
 of peasants had risen during the past
 night, and committed excesses too com
 mon in those times of apprehension and
 resistance. Nor did they end with that
 night’s work. —What is known in his
 tory as the “Rebellion of Ninety-
 Eight,” speedily broke out, and for
 months kept the land in most fearful
 agitation. At last the rebellion was
 crushed, and then commenced the trials
 of those leaders who had been cap
 tured. All crowded to the court to see
 their first men brought to trial and con
 demned, almost invariably, to death.
 One of those leaders was of great no
 toriety in the vicinity of Hall, and
 when his case was called from the
 docket, every man, woman and child
 flocked to the trial—some to sympathise
 with the caged patriot, some to exult
 over his fall, and very many to see the
 man whose name had been held up as
 a word of equal terror to refractory
 children and full grown men.
 “Mary,” said her lover, as he saw
 her arrayed in rustic finery, “surely,
 you are not going to court to-day.”
 “Indeed, I am,” she replied; “I’ll
 go and give the prisoner a blessing with
 ny eye, since I can do nothing more
 for him. Why should I stay away
 when a roan is to be tried for his life,
 because he loved us too well Surely
 we must go and say to him by our
 presence, that we are with him in our
 Irish hearts.”
 “It’s no place for women, I tell ye/’
exclaimed Phelim, with sudden viol
 ence, and then coaxingly. “indeed;
 you must not go. Stay at home, and
 think of what I'm telling you; that Fve
 got fifty guineas, and we 'can be mar
 ried next week, or as soon as You’ll on
 ly aay the word.”
 “Fifty guineas in real gold. Who
 gave them to ye—was it the master,
 or—”
 “Hush! Here's the master's own
 voice, calling me now, so I must go.
 Stay at home. Mary dear, or I'll not
 forgive ye.”
 “I don’t understand ye, Phelim, and
 I uill go to the court,” said Mary to
 herself. “Fifty guineas of bright and
 heavy gold—blessings on the giver.”
 In opening the case, the prosecuting
 attorney was observed to look anxiously
 around the court as if in search of some
 particular face. Each time he was dis
 apointed, and at last was obliged to
 announce that in the absence of its prin
 cipal witness, the Crown would first re
 sort to other evidence. And meagre
 enough was that evidence to all in the
 crowded court. Every thing manifest
 ly depended upon the principal witness,
 the Informer, and without his speedy
 appearance the prisoner would doubt
 less be entitled to an acquittal. At last
 the Crown officer finished his other
 evidence, and again peered anxiously
 about the crowd. This time ius face
 lightened with satisfaction.
 “Phelim Reeoy!”
 “Phelim!” cried a faint smothering
 voice upon the opposite side of the
 room.
 “Silence there in the court,’’shouted
 the sheriff*, angrily.
 But there was no silence in Mary
 Donnovanheart.
 “I see it now—these fifty golden
 guineas! Ah, they have made Phelim
 Reeny an Informer, but they shall never
 make me his wife.”
 The Informer felt the moist and
 flashing eye of Mary Donnovan, burn
 ing into his brain, and he shivered with
 terror, but the voice of the prosecuting
 attorney soon restored self possession,
 and he coolly testified as follows:
 He had disguised himself, and joined
 the rebels in their great meeting on tbe
 night of their first rising. He had es
 pecially marked the prisoner at the
 bar, as the seeming leader, and the one
 under whose direction the whole body
 acted. He heard this prisoner utter
 words, saw’ him do acts of treason on
 that night. This was the substance of
 his testimony, and so clear, full, and
 direct was it throughout that every one
 saw that the prisoner’s life was hang
 ing on the words from this Informer’s
 lips. The Crown lawyers skillfully
 pumped him of every thing, and found
 that he had done full justice to his train
 ing.
 The first question on the cross ex
 amination was in regard to the time of
 this affair. Phelim appeared somewhat
 uneasy, and replied in a very low
 tone.
 “Louder!” cried one of the judg
 es.
 “It was on the night before the ris
 ing—Hallowmas Eve.”
 No: it was not on Hallowmas Eve,
 exclaimed Mary Donnovan, rising with
 an uncontrollable impulse. “Phelim,
 you are not even an Informer—you are
 perjured!”
 There was dead silence for one in
 stant, and then the prisoner’s counsel
 spoke sharply—
 What’s this! Let that girl come to
 the witness stand.”
 Pale, but trembling, she took the
 place where Phelim had just stood.
 &lt;‘You say it was not on Hallowmas
 Eve—tell all you know.”
 She fixed her eyes on her lover, and
 kept them there steadily till she had
 i finished. No one questioned or inter
 rupted her in the course of her broken
 I testimony.
 “Never would I be standing in this
 place, your honors, ifthe false oath and
 black word hadn’t come from the lips
 of Phelim Reeny. Never would I open
 mouth to condemn the man I love best,
 if he himself had not compelled me to
 do it.
 “This man was once my lover, be
 fore he sold his country and me, too,
 with it. And the very night he first
 spoke l.is false words to me without
 check was this same Hallowmas Eve
 I when he swears he wa9 up on the
 mountains disguised as oite of the band
 of that prisoner at the bar. We talked
 till two in the night—do you deny it?
 Look then at this, which I take from my
 bosom for the last time —this lock of
 your hair, wrapped in a paper—and
 j ye’ve written on that papertfhese words
 with your own hand.
 “Phelim Rf my to Mary Vvnnoran —ll
 o'clock t. Hallowmas Ere”.
 Take the paper and hair, sir—’twill
 never come into my hand again.
 “Isn’t the shaking of that guilty man
 a good proof of my oath Ah, Phelim,
 1 see now where the fifty gold guineas
 came from, but did ye think at the time
 what ye gave in exchange for that
 bribe?
 “This is all that 1 know; and oh! it
 is too much for me to say, for it strikes
 down the man that I love. Phelim, why
 did you do all this? An hour ago, and
 world’s wouldn’t have tempted ye to
 exchange places with that man at the
 bar, but there’s nothing ye wouldn’t
 give to be this prisoner yourself. Ye’ll
 be despised and cut off among men, but
 never can you even feel more misery
 than I shall find all my weary life, for I
 loved you, Phelim, and you've broken
 my heart.”
 The old man stopped here, but his
 eyes were eloquent as he mused.
 “Well?” said I inquiringly.
 “In the course of a long life,” he
 I I continued, ‘‘l have often heard the out
 rju rings of true genius, but never did
 see such eloquence as there was in the
 i eye of that servant girl, when she faced
 her lover and made him a criminal.
 Even tbe hard-eyed judges were soft
 ened by the sight.”
 t “Wbai became of her.”
 “Ah! that is a true incident, and you
 must not expect tbe ending of a novel.
 I —The prisoner was acquitted of crime,
 i Reeny suffered the penalty of his crime,
 i while Mary Donnovan retired again to
 her service, forgotten and unknown.
 Had Ireland then attamed her lode
 pendence, you would long since have
 seen her name written in the annals of
 r that desperate strife, and not have
 heard at her now, only through a
 chance story by an aged wanderer from
his own unhappy land.'' Holden*
 Magnzme.
 THE NEWS.
 Our columns, this week, are well
 nigh filled with a history of recent
 appalling disasters. Destruction of
 life and property seems to be the nipple
 of newspaper intelligence. East, mat,
 north and south we hear of fatal disea
 ses, awful conflagrations, and distres
 sing calamities. In Europe, war, pesti
 lence and famine are scourging the
 nations, and scattering death and ruin
 among the people. Our own country is
 but little less favored. The Cholera is
 progressing with its work of death in
 the south aud south west with fearful
 rapidity. In New Orleans, St Louis,
 Cincinnati, Louisville, Chicago, and
 other cities of the southern and western
 States, this fatal epidemic is slaying
 its victims by hundreds. Whether its
 terrible work of mortality is to be gen
 eral throughout the United Statas, will
 doubtless be known in a few weeks. In
 all probability very few, if any, of the
 cities and large towns will eseape the
 scourge.
 But the progress of the cholera does
 not furnish the only item of interest
 with which the news of the day is made
 up. —Mobs, bloody riots, and destruc- 1
 live fires, are of frequent occurrence, j
 Montreal has scarcely recorded I
 the tremor occasioned by the fatal
 affray with which she was recently af
 flicted; and New York has hardly wip
 ed the blood from her streets where
 her citizens fell in a disgraceful riot.
 This week, news of disasters by fire
 and accident are particularly in order.
 One half of the business portion of St.
 Louis is in ruins—five million dollars’
 worth of property in theterible confla
 gation! The flourishing young city of
 Milwaukee, in Wisconsin, has likewise
 been visited by a destructiue fire; and
 the beautiful village of Watertown,
 in this State, has been ravished by the
 same destroying element, and is smok
 ing in ruins. And in addition to these
 calamities by fire, we have likewise to
 record that ofa fatal steamboat collision
 on North River. And such is—“the
 news.” —-Northern Citizen.
THE FROZEN DEAD OF »T.
 BERNARD.
 The scene of the great est interest at
 the Hospital—a solemn, extraordinary
 interest, indeed—isthatofthe Morgue,
 or building where the dead bodies ofi
 lost travellers are deposited. There i
 they are, some of them as when thfe
 breath of life departed, and the death
 angel, with his instrument of frost and
 snow, stiffened and embalmed forages.
 The floor is thick with nameless skulls
 and bones, and human dust, heaped in j
 confusion. But around the walls a
 group of poor sufferers, in the very 1
 position in which they were found, as
 rigid as marble, preserved by the ele
 ment of an eternal frost, are regularly
 arranged.—There is to he seen the mo
 ther and child, a most affecting instance
 of suffering and love. The face of the
 little one remains pressed on the moth-
 er’s bosom, only the back part of the
 skull being visible, the body enfolded
 in her careful arm—careful in vain,
 affectionate in vain, to shield her off
 spring from the elemental wrath of the
 tempest. The snow fell fast and thick,
 and the hurricane wound them up in
 one white shroud, and buried them.
 There is also a tail, strong man stand
 ing alone, the face dried and black, but
 the white, unbroken teeth firmly set
 and close, grinning from the fleshless
 jaws—it is a most awful spectacle. The
 face seems to look at you from the re
 j cesses of the sepulchre, as if it would
 tell you the story of a fearful death
 j struggle in the storm. There are other
 j groups more indistinct, but these are
 the two never to be forgotten, and the
 whole of these dried and frozen rera-
 I nants of humanity are a terrific dem
 onstration of the fearfulness of this
 mountain pass when the elements, let
 loose in fury, encounter the unhappy
 traveller. You look at all this throngh
 the grated window; there is just light
 enough to make it solemnly and dis
 j tinctly visible and to read in it a power
 -1 ful record of mental and physical ago-
 S ny, and of maternal love ia death.—
 The little child, hiding its (ace in its
 1 mother’s bosom and both frozen to
 death—one can never forget the group,
 i nor the meme)Uo mori nor the token of
 deathless love.— l Jr. Cheerer's Wander
 ing*.
APPEARANCES DECEPTIVE.
 A French paper gives an incident
 that lately happened to a celebrated
 artist, who is extremely neglectful of!
 his toilette. Leaving his study one
 day, and walking along the street
 rather absently, he heard a call from a
 female voice behind him.—
 “Here, my man,” said a lady beck
 oning to him, “can you carry a bundle
 a little way for mer”
 The artist looked at the lady for a
 moment, saw that she was very hand-,
 some, and instead of explaining, as he
 was about to do, he said, "Waiinglj,
 madam!” and followed her into a shop.
 The bundle was large and heavy,
 but he lifted it with some effort upon
 his shoulder, and followed after the
 lady. She mounted at last to the se
 cond story of a house, with the tired
 porter close at her heels, and began to
 fumble in her pocket to find the money
 to pa him. As she did so, the artist
 looked well at her face, and found it to
 be me of the most peculiar in its style
 of beauty, as well as one of the finest
 he had ever seen.
 “Pardon me,” he said, as she offered
 him the money, “i am not a porter —I
 am an artist, and instead of money, will
 ask a favor of you—to allow me to
 make a copy cf your face. The pack
 age was heavy, and the compliment
 you paid to my dress was not very
 gratifying, but I shall be well paid if I
 can send a copy of your beauty to the
 next exhibition of the Academy.”
 And so a great artist came by the
 original of one of the most exqui ite
 pictures which his pencil has put upon
 canvass.
 Amxucaji Antiquities. —Two idols and
 t sacrificial twain were Rcemlj discovered
 aear Saa Luis Potosi, Mexico, having been
 excavated from the nuns of an ancient city,
 the existence of which was wholly anknown to
 the present inhabitants, either by tradition or
 history. They were hewn from blocks of
 concrete seodttooe, and are now in a perfect
 stale of preservation An American travel er
 discovered them.
liners.
 IDE’S Patent WWI Cultivator awl Wire Ur*m
 FU-w. TV Farming Public are hereby informed
 Uwt Irf’ttrr* Patent have been taken ort by the B«b
 -aaiber for hi* recent great improvi meat# *b*’ r l
 struct ton and nukirtiirrof KllltiCr, I
 an improvement so emit as to entirety rttHW*"**
 the whole system of farming, bv redwing the expense
 one-halt of wore. Wherever the* bavr been
 daced, they have met the decided approbation o
 arwer*, a# the following certificate* from the mtet
 igent and practical farmers whose natoc* are
 ttached. abundantly show
 certificates.
 This may certifv that we, the Subscriber*, bare
 seen and used the Patent Wheel Cultivator, invented
 by Nathan Ide, of Shelby, Orleans Co., New
 Vork, and believe it to be.'a* a labor-saving ma
 chine, one of the greatest improvements of the age.
 By it, a fanner can pot in from ten to fifteen acres
 more of wheat in a vear, with the same amount of
 team Libor; he can also sow it in much better order.
 By it also Canada thistles and other noxious weeds
 way be totally extirpated. Said machine is so con
 structed that. It can be regulated to jo any depth, by
 means of screws on the upper part of the machine,
 and thu» either plow up the ground thoroughly, or
 only jnst brush the surface. Upon the whole, we
 think it decidedly the best machine ever invented for
 pulverizing the ground and lacilitating the labor of
 the Farmer, and as such we cheerfully recommend it
 to our brother farmers.
 Janies H. Medley, Jaihcs Ide
 Enos Newman, John Stevens,
 John C. Wlieelor, Unites Hedlev,
 Gardner Bern James P. Anderson,
 Shelby, Co., April 23, 1848.
 We, the undersigned, purchased one of Nathan
 Patent Cultivators last Fall, and found it
 answer the purpose so well, that we have ti,.« .Soring
 made purrliase of another. We can w ith this Plow
 prepare w ith two horses, eight acres of land per day
 for wheat, and it is much better done than by the
 'old plows; and the land pepared by this Cultivator
 will vield 5 bush, per acre more.
 ELI CHURCH.
 Riga, June, 1848. DENNIS CHURCH.
 After these testimonials, the Subscriber deems it
 unnecessary to enter into a long and elnlwrate des
 cription of the implement, will) its various modes of
 operation. To lie fully appreciated, it must lie seen
 and used. No fanner who fully understands his
 interest wilt lie w ithout one, as it is an invaluable
 implement.
 NATHAN IDE, Patentee.
 Shelby, Orleans ('it., N. V'., July 1848.
 IDE’S Patent Cultivator is manufactured by
 j LEVI WELIjS, Buffalo Street, i#ar the Bull’s
 Head, Rochester, N. V., where farmers are invited
 come and examine lor themselves.
 ROCHESTER SHOE AND LEATHER
 JOBBING HOUSE.
 THE subscribers at No. 22 State street, take plea
 t sure in announcing to the public that they nave
 completed arrangements by which they are enabled
 to offer the most satisfactory inducements to all en
 gaged in the sale or manufacture of Boots and Shoes,
 i to come to this market for a supply.
 They are also offering on the ino*-' favorable terms,
 a large stock of Sole and Upper Leather, Kip, Calf,
 j and Morocco Skins, w ith a full assortment of Find
 ing, including Lasts, Pegs, &amp;c. Dealers w ill find it
 i greatly to their interest to examine our stock before
 j purchasing elsewhere.
 j jylO SAGE PANCOST.
 I
 PRINTING PAPER AGENCY.

 WE are Agents for the Buffalo Paper Mills,
 where Pajter of the liest quality is made from
 pure spring water, very white and smooth. A sup
 i ply of News and Book Paper kept constantly for
 sale by us, at Mill prices, in large or small lots,
 i Any size and quality of Paper not on hand, fur
 -1 nished at short notice.
 Printers and others will do well to call and exarq-
 I ine the quality and price, at No/6 Exchange st.
 FISHER Co.
 jv2l Booksellers and Publishers.
 _
 TRUNKS! TRUNKS!
 THE first quality of article is to l&gt;e had at LAING
 Jii BONNELL’S new Establishment, No 59,
 State Street, Rochester Also a general assort
 ment of Valises, Travelling Bags, &amp;c, which are
 offered at the very lowest prices for Cash
 Carriage Trimming executed in the latest style
 and with dirpatch, by J. T. Laing, at his old stand j
 iin State Street, opposite the Matisiou House.
 IJT I. having had extensive experience in the j
 I Eastern markets, hopes to give satisfaction to a i
 i generous public who shall favor him with their pa
 j tronage
 Rochester, July 14, 1848 3m
 British Periodical Literature.
 The London Quarterly Review, the Edinburgh Review,
 The North British Renew, the Westminster Renew,
 and Blackwood's Edinburgh Magazine.
 THE wide-spread fame of these splendid periodi
 cals renders it needless to say much in their praise,
 i As literary organs, they stand far m advance of
 any tiling of the sort now published, while the polit
 ical complexion of each is marked by a dignity,
 candor, and forbearance, not often found iu works
 of a party character.
 They embrace the views of the three great parties
 |in England—Tory, Whig, and Radical. Blaok
 j wood and the London Quarterly are Tory; the
 Edinburgh Review Whig; and the Westmin
 ster Review Radical. The North .British Re
 view is more of a r eligious character, liaving been
 originally edited by Dr. Chalmers, and now, since
 his death, being conducted by his son-in-law, Dr.
 Hanna, associated with Sir David Brewster. Its
 literary character is of the very highest order. The
 i Westminster, though reprinted under that title only,
 i is published in England under the title of The For
 eign Quarterly and Westminster—it lieing iu fact a
 union of the two Reviews formerly republished and
 reprinted under separate titles. It has, therefore,
 the advantage by this combination of uniting iu one
 work the best features of both as heretofore issued.
 T he above Periodicals are reprinted in New York,
 .1 immediately on their arrival by the British steamers,
 in a beautiful clear type, on tine white paper, and
 are faithful copies of tlu- originals, Blackwood's
 Magazine, lieing ail exact far-simile at (lie Edinburgh
 edition.
 KICKS FOR 1849. (IF SUBSCRIBED FOR EARLY.)
 For any one of tlie lour Review s, $3 00 per annum.
 For any two do 5 00
 For any three do 7 00
 For all four of the Reviews, 8 00
 For Blackwood’s Magazine, 3 00
 For Blackwood and the 3 Reviews, 900
 1 For Blackwood the 4 Reviews, 10 00
 Payments to he made m all rases in advanc.e
 CLUBBING.
 Four copies of any or alt the above works will b
 sent to one address on |iay incut of Tlie regular sub
 script ion for three—tlie fourth copy lieing gratis.
 EARLY COPIED.
 A iate arrangement with the British publishers of
 i Blackwood’s Magazine secure# to us early sheets of
 that work, by which we i-hall he able to place the
 entire number in tlie hands of subscribers before any
 i portion of it cau he reprinted in any of the American
 j Journals. For this and other advantages secure*! to
 our subscribers we pay so Urge a consideration, that
 we may 1* coui|jclJed "to raise the price of the Maga
 zine. Therefore we repeat subscribe early while
 the price is low.
 Remittances and communications should I* aiways
 addressed, post-paid or franked, to the publiehrr*,
 LEONARD SCOTT k. CO.
 70 Fulton -ueet, New York.
 ________
 WM. H. TOPP, Merchant Tailor, 546 Broad
 way. Also an extensive assortment of Cravats,
 Stocks, Hosiery, Glove*, itr
 A Unity, Feb." 11, 1848-
 PHILIP A. WHITE, Druggist, corner of Frank
 ion and Gold Street-
 Free Labor booK.
 I "MANUFACTURED by the American Free Pro
 i ill duce Association, and for safe at No. 31, North
 Fifth-street, Philadelphia;
 Manchester Ginghams; Checks, Apron and Fur
 niton?; Canton Flannel, unbleached; Muslin,
 bleached and unbleached, of various qualities and
 width; thin Muslin for lining*, brown and colored;
 Bird Eve Towels; black and white Wadding;
 Cou©« 1-apa; Lamp Wick; Bed Ticking, an er
 ceLieut article; Calico, Stocking*, Kiuuiog Cotton,
 Ac. Ac.
 Order* for Goods, or letter* desiring information.
 mar be addressed to J. Miller Mcluin, 31, North
 I, Fifth-street; Darnel L. Miller, Tenth-street; or to
 James Mou, No. 85, Cfturob Alley.
 A large and handsome assortment of Prints now
 I on hand. yul—if
 Aill-JHaTer} Oficf,
 i A'o. 31, North Fifth Street, Philadelphia,
 A FULL assortment of anti-elaeery publication
 r Jl. is kept constantly on bnad. Also a Hnrlanm
 I »i«e*Ua»ao«i pnbbcauons, and met*
 and Fancy Stationery.
 Ail letters relating to the business of the office
 r directed to Miller McKim, SI, North
 F±h-ft.eet, Phibdtlphia. j»l—tf
pros pei m.s
 Attfrirao PlirrHlieinl Jeiir**!.
 o. u rowi.tß. r.niTO*.
 TJ rrlstn .it**l jertect ear selves and cmr race,
 thr exalte.' of all work*. Yet, «hi#we
 aaaii umlrretaud the ll«» Constitution.
 Phren*.k«v. Phviolt** and Vital S***"**?fJJ*
 brace, and expound all tfo' U«*
 u«diti*«-*of happiness and funrtiWto l*"*
 pher’s stone of l nivrrs- l Truth.
 PHRENOLOGY
 Each number will contain euhrr the analy sis and
 location of some phrt ;w*lo|r»cal faculty, illustrated by
 an Engraving, or an arfical on their co«*binaitod*:
 and also the organization an*! character of some dis
 tinguished personage, accompanied by a likeness.
 PHYSIOLOGY
 Health I- Life. The great instrument of talent vir
 tue and happiness, all of which it augments. To its
 perservation and rastoration. special attention w ill he
 given.
 MAGNETISM.
 With practia! instruction, interesting facts, and
 choice truths whirh it unfolds, will be presented in
 this Journal.
 YOUNG MEN.
 The blessings they enjoy, the influence they can
 wiekl, and their preparation for conducting our insti
 tutions, will form the theme of a senes of article*.
 SELF-IMPROVEMENT.
 Who does not long oaroestly, and would not strive
 assiduously, to cultivate hi*" natural powers, and
 render himsell better and more liappv? To such,
 each number will be a prompter and text-book.
 TERMS—invariably in advance—-ONF. DOLL
 AR A YEAR.
 SAMPLE NUMBERS of this Journal will he
 sent GRATIS, wiien desired.
 To receive attention, tellers and orders nm*t lie
 POST-PAID, and directed to
 FOWLER at WELLS.
 No 131 Nassau Sr.. New V ork
 WiLLUII B. LOGAN, Dealer iu Fashionable
 Boots nnd Shoes, 80, Purchase Street, New
 Bedford.
 W\ B. L. keeps constantly on hand a good assort
 ment, and will sell cheap for cash. Strict attention
 paid to cuslouemade work, by Messrs. Parker and
 D.tvis,
 NORTHAMPTOJMV ATE R CURE.
 Electricity and Hydropathy.
 THE public are respectfully informed, that since
 the philosophical deduction# of the learned Ur.
 Means, of Emory College, Ga., and the] scientific
 ex|&gt;eriment# of Mr. Ifenuner of England,* have
 recently and indubitably established the fact, tl at
 the conclusions at which tlie undersigned arrived by
 the sense of touch, in 1844, are in harmony with
 natural and physiological law#—to wit, that the
 human foxly, in a healthy condition, is in a posit,re
 electrical state, and that the electrical emanation#
 from the cutienlar surface, indicate health, or the
 symptoms aad character of disease—there i*&gt; some
 reason to hope, that certain physicians, ignorant ot
 these principle# or natural laws, a knowledge ot
 w hich is essential to the safe and intelligent practice
 of the healing art, will cease their vociferation#
 against the positive electric al state of the
 human body, and will hesitate to dissuade those
 whom they have failed to relieve of their complaints,
 from seeking nature's remedy at the North a up
 ton Water Cure. Thus sustained by tlie light
 of science, the undersigned may lie permitted here
 to repeat hi# experience, that, in ail case# where the
 wrist, stomach, or lungs, arc in the Electro-negative
 condition, the patient is beyond the power of watci
 to afford relief. On the other hand, when the parts
 of the body alluded to, are in the electro-positive
 state, however disarranged, there i# ground to hope
 for a cure.
 j Had not the results of past years’ practice
 j already convinced the public of the safety or truth
 fulness of the principles by which the undersigned i&gt;
 governed, iu detecting the symptoms and chnractei
 of disease, and practising the cure, the recent scien
 tific demonstration of their correctness, by Frofessot
 Means and Mr. Hemmer, could not fail to convince
 the most incredulous.
 Gratefully appreciating the credit so generously
 awarded for his success as a Hydropathic Prncti
 turner, by a discerning public, and the gratitude
 evinced liy those whom he has had the pleasure tc
 relieve of iheir complaints, the undersigned will
 assiduously endeavor to sustain the credit,and merit
 i that gratitude, in the case of every invalid who may
 afford him an opportunity to effect a cure, by hi*
 original and philosophical method of practice.
 'f’he Northampton Water Cure is pleasantly situ
 ated near Bensonville, on the west bank of Licking
 Water, or Mill River, about two anti a half miles
 from the centre of the town. It is conveniently
 j arranged, w ith reparate parlors, bathing and dre«s-
 J ing-roonia, for La;lie* and Gentlemen, well venfil
 ated and conveniently furnished lodging rooms, and
 a variety of baths, supplied with water, which, for
 abundance, purity, and adaptedness to water-cure
 i purposes, is unsurpassed by that of any other esta-
 I blishment in this country. The scenery in this
 i vicinity is picture sque and romantic There are a
 variety of pleasant walks, sufficiently retired, to
 I allow water-cure patients to appear as they should,
 plainly dressed, enjoying their rambles without
 being exposed to public gaze or observation
 Among the complaint- which are here successfully
 treated, are headache, tendency of blood to the head,
 cold extremities, general and nervous debility, bron
 chitis, pulmonary affection, liver complaint, jaun
 dice, acute or chronic inflammation of the bowels,
 piles, dyspepsia, general debility, nervous and spinal
 affections, inflammatory and chronic rheumatism,
 neuralgia, sciatica, lame limbs, paralysis, fevers, salt
 rheum, scrofulous and erysipelas humor#.
 All patients who visit this establishment for a
 i course of treatment, should furnish themselves with
 three comfortables, three woollen blanket#, one or
 two linen and three cotton sheets, two pillow cases,
 six or eight crash towels, some well worn linen, to
 cut for fomentations, an old rloak or mantle, an um
 brella, and a pair of slipper*.
 Term# for treatment and board are £5 50 to
 $8 50 (&gt;er week, payable weekly—washing extra.
 I A patient who from choice or the character of Ins
 complaint, occupies a room alone on the third floor,
 j will pay $8 00 per week —on the first nnd second
 I floors, $8 50 per week. Patients requiring extra
 attention or lire in their room#, (except lor swath
 ing purposes,) will furnish their own nurses and fuel,
 or pay an extra price.
 D. KUGGI.ES.
 Northampton, March 1848.
 N.B. Visitor# to tlie E.htblbliUient, from tlw
 i east, west, or south, can take the cars of the Conn.
 River Railroad at Springfield. Carriage* will
 always lie in readiness at (he Northampton depot, to
 I convey them hither.
 The human blood, in a normal and Itealihy con
 i’d it ion of the human system, is iu a positive #tate,
 which is constantly maintained by the activity of the
 generating sources within —an excess genera It v pa#.#
 ing off" in silence from tlie cuticiilar surface, so that
 &lt;.ut of 356 experiments made by Mr. Hemmer of
 England, upon tlte uncovered skin,” 322 indicated
 the presence of positive electricity This surplusage
 of die fluid upon tlie surface, we believe to be indts
 pensable to the healthful condition of the whole
 animal economy, and that when, from any cause, is
 ee diminished or ceases, diseased action ensues.”
 Gcoaddress, delivered before the Medical College o!
 isSrsfia, at the opening of its annual session, N«v.
 i 8, 1847, by A. Means, A.M., M.D., Professor ol
 Chemistry and Pharmacy ami Professor of Physical
 Science in Emory College, Ga., jiage 25
 ATHOL WATER &lt;|R£,
 THE Subscriber beg* leave to call tie attention
 of Invalid#, especially those suffering from
 chronic disease, to his hydropathic establishment in
 Athol, Mas#.
 His house wa* opened for tb*- reception of patient#
 last season, and it is believed offers excellent facili
 ties for a philosophic and thorough i our»e in hydro
 patliv. Tlie supply of water t* abundant, ami in
 purity ha* been pronounced equal to water on a
 distilled.” The location is quite eligible, being l#n
 a short distance from the Y. M. railroad. T lie
 vicinity abounds in a variety of scenery, aud lias
 1 charming ground* for walks tun! rambles. Bo that
 with tlie water, suitable regimen, mountain air, and
 exercise, patients can scarcely foil to obtain the
 healthful results for which they labor.
 The following case illustrate, this remark. Mr*.
 B-, wife of Dea. 8., of Warwick, Mas*., awed
 about thirty-five years, was Ivought to ne last
 1 August- ller case presented the following
 racna. If placed in an erect position, and left te
 supported, the forthwith fell backward to tlie
 ground. If fating well opported, she made an
 1 effort to walk, either foot, when carried forward,
 despite her effort# to the coutrary, would cross the
 I other. She had been in this condition nearly a
 year. Her treatment commenced the 10th of Bep».,
 and was continued to the 25th Oct. only, when she
 left, so far recovered as to be able to walk half a
 mile with ease. Biace her return to her family, she
 has continued her bat).#, with cone#ponding im
 provement to her health. She now attends to hei
 domestic duties, and with the assistance of a small
 girl, dues the work of her faintly.
 Patient* are desired to bring three comfortable*,
 one pair of woollen blanket*, one pair of sheets,
 half a doaeen towels marked, with old tinea tor
 bandages.
 Terms, from five to tea dollar* per week, accord
 ing to the necessities or choice of the paltraU.
 Those who are leas particular in the sekenioa ol
 moms, or are willing to occupy them m common
 with others, will be charged less.
 Athol, March, 1848. GEORGE HOYT.
 WASHINGTON’S Dagiwmaa Gallery, 136.
 Street, Kaßngg** Butldiap, Hartford
POFERTF:
 ITS ILLEGAL CAtTEKM AND LEG A I,
 UIIRK
 by trsutnrß sfcomer.
 'rise Albany Patriot rntb it— 4 neat
 page*—a *h\ h nmiknblr product
 ”YY hither all tb antx qiate&gt;n# of Mr. ltw
 would be realized liy the full adoption of tin
 we do not here stop to enquire; Iso we Ix-artiW com."
 me rut his emleavnr to tie- isiiicr of alt «ho m
 trsnsgmr, at furcibh 1 die lion—intre}&gt;id
 original thought—and entire freedom from the ea r t
 uf sect ecp*r* Ass judicial writ, r, he hasadereh
 a compus*. leyonl any one whore production,
 l»ve met our eye in a long time.”
 Httut’* Merchant’# Magazine &lt;ay* t ,p owni j
 in ImW ami original thongnt*. Tie- illegal canw
 poverty are slated, ami anmi.lierof important prop,,,
 siliofts hearing on the Mtbjerl laid down; aod,«.n !,v
 whole, we consider it a work well .rth studying—
 affoniing a# it doe# many valuable hints to the state-,
 man aotl political economist."
 The Bangor Gazette say* An abk- and rert.i
 Iv original work, from tfo pen of Lvsamler Spooner
 fc#q.—author of that powerful book whieh demo.
 stfate* tlie unconstitutM&gt;nallty- of American Slaver,
 There i# no w riter of the age, of logical acumen more
 searching than Spoonvr.,’ Tin* new work i# de
 lined to feat! to a re examination of all former sv
 terns of political economy.” At fir-? Mu-h hi«
 nomieal proposition* strike us a* sustainable ai»&gt;‘ r
 they are so, his work will prevail, and produce
 im|M&gt;rtant revolution in tlie present prevailing
 tem.
 Every one should read it.”
 BELA MARfiiH. Publisher. Pi!»*n&gt;n
 Part 1. Priee 25 Vnt*.
 liarfs LMraci
 I# the only remedy that OH ft&gt;(
 permanent ritre of Spasmodic Coninirt...ns, Imt#
 tioß the Nerve*. Nervous or So k Headarfir
 Nervous Tremor!-, Ni omigie Afleetioo*, (&lt;eneri
 ‘■"“•j*-Defirieney -f Nervous ami Musical Fuel
 tie n--
 i.MtU.ttii ol sill tilM.I-f'.H lilTlf ZltVf ’ire. I
 Epiepey. or Fatting »V i■ -ll v-i» i u-a 1 ts,
 Convulsions, Sparrn-, &amp;e It is weft known, th.it
 froni time iinnieinoi ml, Pli\»u-ian# lia*t- pronisincvd
 Epileptic Fit* ineoniMo. It ha* stG-rt all their
 skill, and tlie lioa.-ted |«,wer of all metlteme, uid
 consequently thoussin. have Mitteied thrmigh a mi*,
 etmlileexistence, and at la-t viehlial up tlmir lives oa
 the Altar oj Insanity. —Tlie proprietor of tin- \eget
 ahle Extract, hnwe\	 r. lc«T-no delicart in .-a\mg
 that it can he cured, lb would, therefore, re#|iect
 folly invite physieiaii#, and all other# who are inter
 ested, to examine the testimony which is here ola ted.
 I! it is deception, let it lx- exposed but if it i
 true, then in the name of humanity, no longer lit is
 lie said that Epilepsy is incurable.
 Heart's Y» friable Eat rut. —For -ixtetn year-,
 has lieen tested by many persons who have suffered
 with this dreadful dissase, anil iuevin case where
 it has had si fair trial, lisis ftei ted a p&gt;ermuiicnt
 cute.
 Col. Deuslow of linkers, New York, states that
 Itis daughter Ims bten ntiialid with Kits for more
 than nine years, and has lieen cured by tlie list- of
 the Vegetable Extract.
 Mrs. J. Brudey, 115 Orchard street. New York,
 states that she lias lieen subject to Fits for many
 years', and has lieen restored to perfret health (after
 every other mean* liad failed) by the use of the
 Yegetabkr Extract.
 Dr. Uharle* A. Brow ti, of Dover, Russell co.,
 Alabama, who is one of the U.-t Physieiaii# in the
 j Slate, says that he has been natch lx nelitted hv the
 use of the Yegetahle Extract, and that he unhesitat
 ingly prescribe# it in even case of Epilepsy which
 comes under lus knowledge.
 Curtis G. Mayherry, Esq., formerly Postmaster
 at Lime Mills, Crawlord Co., Pa., now living iu
 Fait Co., Pa., state* that for many yars pas? lie
 ita* lieen sorely afflicted w ith Fits, and he t# now
 happy to state that a |&gt;er#everiug use of Dr. Hait’-
 Vegetable Extract, ha* restored him to sound health,
 t being entirely freed from that worst of all diseases.
 Judge Randall, N. 156 Henry street, New York,
 i having used the V egetable Extract successfully in
 his family, highly recommends it to all persons who
 are aftlieted with Fits.
 M. Stephen E. Prtitt, rorner of .Sixth Avenue
 i and Twenty-Sixth street. New York, state* that
 Mr. (lias, 11. Houghton, a mendier ol his family has
 j been so severely afflicted vv ith Epileptic Fit* for
 many years, that he was obligeil to relinquish hi
 hitsiness. Having used Dr. Hart’# Vegetable E\-
 tract (say* Mr. Pratt,) lie was soon restored to
 perfect health, and left this city for the State i t
 i Ohio to resume his business.
 Rev. Mr. Smith, Rector of St. Peters Cltnrcn,
 Spotsvvood, New Jersey, who has lieen afflicted
 with Epileptic Fits for more than forty years, state#
 i that he has used Dr. Hart’ Vegetable Extract, and
 his health has lieen so much improved that he hope*
 by Divine blessing, to have no more Fils.
 Epileptic Fits. —For twenty-seven year* and nix
 months, cured by tbe use of this truly wonderful
 medicine.
 Rend the following remarkable ease of the son ol
 YVm. Secore, Esq, of Philadelphia, afflicted with
 Epileptic Fit# twenty-seven year* and six months
 After travelling through England, Scotland, Ger
 many and Franre, consulting the most eminent
 physicians, and expending for medicine, medical
 treatment and advice three thousand dollars, returned
 with his son to this country in November last., with
 out receiving any benefit yyhalever, and was cured
 by using Hurt's Vegetable Extract. —l have spent
 over three thousand dollar* for medicine and medical
 attendance. I was advised to take a L.ur to Eu
 rope w ith him whieh 1 did. i first visited England,
 I consulted the moat eminent physician* there in
 respect to hi* case; they examined him and prescri
 bed accordingly. I remained there three momli
 without perceiving any change for the better, which
 cost me about two hundred at.d blty dollars, pod
 eted by the physician.-, and the mo-t that 1 receive.l
 was their opinion that my son case was hopeies
 and POSIT IV EEY IN(T RVBI.E. I accordingly
 left England travelled through Scotland, Germany
 and France, and returned home in the month ol
 Novemlter la-t, with inj son .c* far from being cured
 a# when 1 lett, 1 saw’ your advertisement in one cf
 tlie New ork paper*, and concluded to try Hart’;
 Vegetable Extract, seeing your statement* and
 certificate# of so many cures, some of twenty ami
 thirty years standing, and 1 out assure y,n I am not
 #orry I did so, as by tlie n-c of liart V egetable
 Extract alone lie was restored i&lt;« PERFECT
 DEALT 11. His reason, which was jar gone as to
 unfit him for business i* entirely restored, with tin*
 prospect now before him of lite, health ami useful
 ness. Ile is mm 28 year* of age, and 27 year* b
 month* of this time has lieen afflicted with tlu
 most dreadful ol disease#, but thank God is uo.v
 enjoying good health.
 N**\v, sir, Initb without work* I don’t believe
 in. To say I shall be ever grateful to you i* one
 thing, and as I here enclose you one hundred (foliar#,
 I have no doubt foil you will think this another and
 quite a different thing. The debt ol gratitude t still
 owe you; but please accept this amount a* interc#!
 on the del* in advance.
 Yours, very respeo‘lull\,
 (signed) WILLIAM MECOUK.
 a 1
 TESTIMONY I PON TEMIVIONY.
 In reference to (Im- almost miraeulou# elfuacy &lt;&gt;i
 this truly wonderful medicine, read tlie followin'
 letter from Dr. YV. f,. Monroe, of Guilford, Ohio,
 one of tfo- most eminent physician.- in that place
 Guilford, Ojiio, August 17, I8lt;.
 Brother la I mrer in tfo- cause of humanity—De.u
 sir: It i* with no small degree of pletismc tl.ai I
 am enabled to announce to you tfo-complete trjuo ph
 of your invaloabh* medicine in case* of EjulejwV. i
 liavtf (irereribed it in lour instance# hi tin* vicinity,
 and it lias Inch highly successful in a II. 'Fhree n
 tfo' patfont#, I littst, have ts-i-n radically cured.
 Tfo tonyth *aj«nUy luqnoviug, and will, 1
 think without doubt recover. I am not iu the habit
 of pti scribing qi n comu# tiding-.[latent m&gt;difiiK
 l#it wfon I see an article which promises so i.iuch
 for lin- relief of suffe-iing humanity, 1 leel my duly
 hi recommend it, and I have no fo-itatiin in say
 ing drat a* soon as tfo- faculty are fully acquamted
 witii tfo' real merit of your medicine, tfo-y will
 close tfo-ir eye# against |ecjlldk'c and lend ymi a
 lielping liaod
 I sufocTibe tin self yours, sMWerely,
 (Bigned| VV. MONkOE, M. I&gt;
 To Dr. S. Hart, New York.
 THE TIME IB NOT FAR DISTANT
 When tfoaisand* who are now trembling under
 the tiand of tins dreadful disease, aud feat mg tkit
 every attack may jrrove fatal, wilt, find permarn ut
 relief and le restored to new life, by using tin*
 celebrated uterlirme.
 OVER ONE THOUSAND CERTIFICATES
 Have been received nt featiabonv of the Beneficial
 re«dt produced by the u*e of Dr. Hart’* VegrU
 bie Extract.
 Of*- Prepared In B. HART, M D New York
 Price, one package $3 00
 Do four packages jy (ft)
 Do eight package* 20 00
 ffjr It ie 1 areiuUy parked up in foixe* tor tract
 portatiofi, and send to any pun of the 1 nited
 Bute*, Texas, Mexico, ami Wn ludie..
 THOMAB fo MIL&gt;, 160 Main vtreet, ("ui
 citmati, Ohm, General Agents for the United
 Btates, to whom all eornuun teal tow* must fo: ad
 dressed Post paid.
 A. B A D. Sand# Corner of Fulmmi ami William 81
 New York.
 H. D. Wade, Mam A St. Paul# Rochertet,
 E. Holhdge, m Mam street Buffalo,
 H. It Gay ford, Agents fi»r Clevefend Ohm,
 Fay A Killiiounw, Columbus.
 J i»k G. H Hill, Detroit, Michigan,
 Wb. Cunningham, Milfwaukie Wi*
 &lt;l. R Reed, and Co., I Inc ago Iff.
 Duct. T. .Mason, Dultuque lows*.
 H. B lacks ley, and Co., Bt. Lout* M«
 Aad for Hale most of the principal Drqggi U,
 thiai.hutil the Catted Btalu*.
 THOMAH A MILLS*, It* Maw straw,
 I Sep. 2SL~Iy;. 4( mcinaat^Ohw
