Froai ihf CkHiXna Mtrron
 TV Mgu tk NiMiHtpki.
 The Mississippi Central Meeting h« taken
 atepa tbit look to prompt, definite, and da
 tive action. The central assemblage be*
 Climinaty to other and more stringent lega
 te action, m the issue of the proceedings
 proved.
 Judge Sharkey, as chairman of the Select
 Committee, to whom the matter was referred,
 presented an able report, in substance similar
 to the view* act forth in the Southern Ad
 dress, and the reaponaea to it throughout the
 South.
 The repotl concludca with the following
 specific recommendation*, replete with wis
 dom. and well suited to the emergency
 Yowr committee hare thus endeavored to
 point out and maintain oar rights, and to show
 the extent of the injury threatened, but do
 not feel authorized, representing as they do
 but a smalt portion of the State, to presnhe
 the course which should be pursued by the
 people of the whole State. It is a question of
 State Sovereignty, on which the people o(
 the whole State should speak, and let then
 voice be heard also through the Legislature,
 the orgaited representative of Stale Sovereign
 ly We therefore reccommend the adopt or
 of the following resolutions
 “Resolved, That it is most important ui
 obtain a general expression of the will, under
 standing, and voice of our fellow-citizens oi
 Mississippi upon the issue presented in rela
 tion to the Territories ofthe tinned States and
 the question of domestic Slavery.
 Resolved, That to that end we respectfully
 but solemnly recommend to them to hold im
 mediately, in each of all the counties, a pri
 mary meeting of the citizens, respectively, foi
 the choice of delegates to meet m Convention
 at the Capitil on the first Monday in Octobei
 next, in order to express in a more explicit
 and concentrated form the will, understanding,
 •bd voice of the whole people of this State.
 “Resolved, That as the controversy in
 volved is one on which it is impossible thal
 any party differences in this State can exist,
 and in order to prevent any undue assumption
 or suspicion on this score, we urge it as pro
 per and necessary, that there should be an
 equal number of each of the great political
 psities in the delegates so to be chosen, and
 to effect that object the delegation t ught to be
 double that of the represe tation of the State
 in the House of representatives.”
 The report of Judge Sharkey is an able and
 an eloquent one, but for the present we must
 content ourselves by giving bis views on that
 feature of this great question, which is the
 most practically important to ourselves.
 “But the people of the Northern States do
 not stop at asserting a right to abolish slavery
 in the Territories. They seem to hold in ut
 ter disregard that provision in the Constitution
 which authorizes the owner to recapture hie
 fugitive slaves wherever they may be found.
 This is a provision which can admit of no dis
 pute, and its violation can admit ol no excuse.
 This is not fidelity to th sir Government which
 is one of the duties of Christianity, in the
 name of which they profess to act. How un
 like the example set them by tiie Apostle
 Paul, in sending home to Plilemon his runa
 way slave, imploring for him forgiveness.
 W« lament their misguided zeal, their false
 philanthropy, and in the name of our common
 country we implore them to beware, lest they
 drive us to extremeiies which will be fatal in
 their results. It is not for them to determine
 whether slavery is a blessing or a curse to us.
 That question we reserve to ourselves And
 whilst they may profess not to interfere with
 it here, yet we cannot be mistaken as to the
 ultimate end which they desire to accomplish.
 The delegation from this State in the last
 Congress, with entile unanimity, have given
 the history of the progressive encroachments
 on our rights, and have pointed out the evils to
 be apprehended. As faithful sentinels, thev
 have warned us of approaching danger, and
 are. entitled to fiur approbation. As citizens
 of a Southern State, it becomes us to vindi,
 cate the Sovereignty of that State, and it ii
 proper that the whole South should act witl
 unanimity. The Legislature of Virginia, ii
 March, 1847, passed resolutions condemning
 the Wilmot Proviso, and asserting the right:
 of the States; and again in January 1849, bj
 an overwheimnmg vote, reaffirmed the resolu
 lions of 1847, and passed others protesting
 against any action of Congress on the slave
 trade and slavery in the district oi' Columbia,
 Those resolutions clearly and forcibly sci
 forth the Constitutional rights of the South
 and we would give them our most unqualifiec
 concurrence. We cannot but regard any leg
 islation by Congress, either past or to come
 which in any degree, either directly or re
 motely, may seem to give sanction to the
 authority of that body over the subject, at
 void for want of power, and in its tendency
 destructive of the principles of the Union
 which should be held inviolable in every fea
 ture. But whilst we thu3 broadly assert oui
 constitutional right, it will be wiih our pet*
 pie to say whether they will meet our breth
 ren of the North in good faith, should it bt
 tendered, in carrying out the Missouri Com
 promise—not as a matter of intrinsic obliga
 tion, but by common consent of ihe people
 most positively its legal validity at
 an act of legislation. A constitutional princi
 ple admits of no Compromise by Congress,
 To compromise was to assert and exercise
 the right to do so, and the consequent right
 to legislate on the subject, which wc utterly
 deny.”
 Let our brethren of Mississippi then lean
 no more on the broken reed of “compromise”
 either past or prospective, but as one man
 rise up and declare their readiness to unite
 with us and all their other Southern allies in
 sternly demanding the full and just rights
 guarantied to us all by the Constitution—
 claiming no more, and accepting no less.
 The Prospect of Emancipation in Ken
 tucky.—The prospect of the ultimate suc
 cese of the present emancipation rnovemenu
 n Kentucky, never was so flattering as at the
 present tjme.—Our cause has gained ground
 rapidly within the last few months, and with
 every accession of new strength, the rapidity
 of its onward puogrcss seems to be increased.
 A few months ago tke firmament above oui
 heads, to the eye of resson, seemed dark in
 deed, and “shadows, clouds, and darkness”
 rested upon the prospect before us. A changt
 a glorious change has come over that pros
 pect, and the sky is much less cloudy and
 portentous. We cannot express the fervem
 and profound delight which we feel in being
 able to declare that the sentiment in favor «»i
 freedom has advanced and isadvancing rapid
 ly towards final consummation.
 We do not wish to be understood as saying
 that we expect the Stale Convention which it
 to assemble in October next, will strike f-la
 very out of existence. \V hat that Convention
 may see fit to do, lies beyond the reach of oui
 foresight. But we assert w ith confidence that
 the anti-slavery sentiment in Kentucky, has
 greatly expanded within the shun period ol
 the present year; and we have a right to au
 gur, from what has recently taken place in
 the feelings and opinions of the people, that
 the future holds in store for the friends of lib
 erty, much that will thrill their hearts w ith joy
 unspeakable.
 Before the assembling ofthe late Frankfort
 Convention, the Emancipationists were de
 nounced by the pro-slavery men as being feu
 in somber, and infirm in purpose. They were
 spoken of by others as am able visionaries,
 and aa men who were astray in the pursuit oi
 a mere phantom. But ih« members of tht
 Emancipation Convention represented
 much of the miod, morals, religion, and
 general respectability of the Commonwealth
 that the advocates of slavery have been forced
 to change their tone, and to speak ol Etna net
 pauonvua* a a formidable body of men ol
 strong heads and hearts, who are not to be
 treated as weak or mad, but to be met with
 all the pathos of property, aod all the elo
 quence of conservatism. This change in ihe
 tone of the pro-slavery men »s highly signifi
 cant. Heooefurth it is not to be considered a
 «go of a shallow bead, or a fanatics] spirit if
 a Kentuckian apeak the truth oDenlv and
frwlr Hi relation lo tne Diasung influence of
 negro slavery. The instituties me; be ■util
 ed with ell the weapon* of wisdom, wit, logic
 end experience, and titer who battle against it
 are not ncsesaarily to be regarded as fanatics
 and fools.— bmnmrilh Kxanuner.
 Cent.—The Slave Trade is again eery
 active in Cuba, several thousand slaves har
 ing been landed within the last two months,
 and ntber thousands being shortly expected.
 The Captain General’s fee is generally under-
 stood to he three doubloons a head, or 51.1
 The native Cubans dislike the trade which
 yearly increases the number of Barbarian Af
 ricans in the island, usually imported frootj
 warlike tribes. Tbe Spanish policy faroia the
 introduction of this class, for the very reason
 of its tendency to keep down any disposition
 on the Cubans to rise for their own mdepen-
 I donee. But for this cause Cuba w ould doubt
 less have been independent long ago.
 Considerable excitement has been caused
 among tbe foreigners resident in Cubs, by re
 cent regulations of the Captain General, to tbe
 effect that after a residence of five years, all
 foreigners must either quit tbe Island, or else
 tors wear allegiance to their own country, and
 become naiuialized Spanish subjects. We
 have probably several thousand American cit
 i ixena scattered throughout Cuba, and intelli
 gent authonties estimate as high as forty mil
 linns of dollars the amount of American cap
 ital invested there. It remains to be seen
 what course our Government will pursue, if
 so high-handed a measure is actually attempt
 ed to b« carried into effect.
 It is, no doubt, against the Americans it is
 aimed, though the first application of it has
 been in a case of a Frenchman. Some angry
 conespondence has passed between the
 French Consulate, at Havana, and the Cap
 tain General, and the Consul has gone home
 to lay the subject before his Government.
 Charleston Mercury 20th.
Speech of Wendell Phillips
 At the adrmmrd mating of the American Anri-SUmy
 Society.
 Mr. Chairman. —At this late hour I have
 no disposition to address this audience on the
 subject which we meet here to discuss, but
 before the meeting is concluded, I would call
 the attention of the audience to the statements
 which we have just heard from the friend
 who has left the platform, and ask you how
 they can be reconciled with the laws of the
 Southern States* I remember in Cambridge,
 a few years ago, I had a frieud a slaveholder
 from South Carolina, one of the States to
 which our friend has referred. He had, as a
 rarity, one slave who could read and write,
 one of those individual exceptions, as I sup
 pose, to which Frederick Douglass refers. 1
 remember that he told me that his brother
 slaveholders remonstrated with him against
 permitting that man to educate himself and to
 learn to write. I hold in my hand some of
 the laws of very many of the slave States,
 and I want to read to you one or to pa^Sages.
 In Mississippi the penalty for teaching a
 slave to read is one year’s imprisonment.
 In Virginia, any white person asssembling
 slaves for the purpose of teaching them to
 read shall be fined not less than or more than
 one hundred dollars.
 Any person leaching free colored persons
 to read shall be fined not more than fifty dol
 lars, and imprisoned not more tfian two
 months.
 Religious meetings, I see, arc forbidden in
 South Carolina, Georgia, and some other
 slave States, and may be dispersed hv any
 justice of the peace.
 Yesterday while Mr. Bibb w T as making his
 statements he acknowledged that there were
 laws against the slave being taught to read in
 all the slate States but seven.—Now does
 any person imagine for a moment that the
 masters of three millions of slaves would per
 mit any body not under their immediate over
 seership and inspection to pieach to these
 sl ives and to instruct them to read and write 1
 We know that clergymen in Boston have not
 been allowed to preach Anti-Slavery dis
 courses to white con-&lt; South
 ern States. They have ouiiged to flee
 and take refuge on board of ships. The faci
 is if you will first visit the family ol’ the slave
 holder and be esteemed a safe person, doubt
 less you may go and do what you pleas P R u i
 the question we have been discussjpor
 whether a Northern sentiment, unclosed by
 Southern ownership, is peimitted to link itseii
 mentally and communicate with the oppiessed
 race of the South. Do you believe it possi
 ble* Why it is nonsense. What was the ob
 ject of the South in rifling the United States
 Mail and not permitting their white people to
 pet use documents on the subject of Slavery*
 Calhoun, you know, introduced into the Sen
 ate of the United States, a law lo subjec the
 United States Mail to inspection before it was
 distributed to the white men of the South, in
 order to guard the Southern States against
 the freedom of discussion. And here are men
 who ask us to prove that there is any legal
 impediment against our going to the South
 and preaching to the slaves. No law! Why
 they do not want any law there; legislation is
 almost superfluous. Suppose I request
 Henry Clay to assemble his sixty slaves and
 allow me to instruct them. Do you suppose
 he would recognize rny right to teach his cat
 tle’—to teach his property gathered on his
 I plantation, whether man or brute* He would
 i say, 1 want no law to determine who shall
 s|**ak to my slave and who not. Not long a
 go in Northampton a friend requested the
 privilege of speaking to a slave in the pres
 ence of his master, and was refused; and yet
 we aie to take the Bible and go among the
 plantations of the South to distribute it. It
 :s idle—it cannot be done. The rational
 method of course is to keep away. What
 has been the fate of those persons who have
 attempted it* TorTy lies in his grave; Cran
 dall went to his; Lovejoy was murdered
 Fairbanks is in Kentucky prison. And here
 is a Society that proposes lo organize itself in
 New York foi the purpose of commissioning
 martyis, I suppose. You need not obtain
 any great number of Bibles. Take one and
 ry it.
 The gentleman says he has heard the
 Church attacked. When he has studied the
 •subject as deeply as we have he will be likely
 10 see good reasons lor it. The Mayflower
 was a good ship, and there were good men in
 it, and they planted noble institutions in this
 country. We are not persons who question
 Ills but the question with us is simply, what
 is the American Church doing lor the Ameri
 can slave* Slavery is no trivial evil, every
 -ixth man is a slave! What should we think
 &gt;f decimating the country, taking one tenth
 ind subjecting them to Slavery* The slave
 nusband has no wife, the father no children,
 he child no patent; chastity is a dream; in
 struction is a shadow; the man is imbiuted.
 To every sixth man the wilt of the white is
 taw, and the Anglo-Saxon, priding himsell
 upon hia superiutity, takea advantage of it to
 oppress the feeble race for hia own benefit.
 And what is the Church doing* Has she
 uttered her protest* Where is it* luet us
 lest her.
 In olden time* when a man was in danger
 if the community be fled to the turns of the
 altar That w as as long ago aa the Jews,
 (n the middle ages of the Church wherever
 here was an oppressed and persecuted man
 r criminal, he was permitted to take refuge
 icncatb the raouaatery. Where does the
 i iugttive slave go now* Does he knock at
 he door of your cathedrals Does he uke
 reluge in your chuiches that count their mil
 j lions of accumulated property in New York*
 Do you find their doors wide open that his
 j may be pleaded there* has it credit with
 U»e dignitaries of the church* No. She
 f nukes the men who plead his cause aa
 a conclave of infidels, and she will have noth
 mg to do with them.
 Our friend ssys the Church is mighty and
 i it is. It moulds the national character; it
 stands at the nation's bead and directs the
 streams of knowledge at which the children
 and grown op men drink; it given me the fuel
 to the national mind Politics fill up iu lungs
ftoiirtlip breath of the religious »enurocot,
 Ud lire* aiwi dies in tbr which it
 oaates. If ilia thus mighty a**H powerfni
 m 4 can do the work, why does it not do ti!
 Sending the Bible stealthily into Kentucky la
 gire to a poor shire is not the appropriate
 work of the Church I«t os hear a loud pro
 test from ihe powerful sects of the North, the
 Baptist, the Methodist, the Congregationalwt,
 and the Freahjrtettan Churches, against those
 who sit down to the same communion tables
 with them, and still make laws forbidding
 Bibles to be distributed among their slares at
 the n*k of martyrdom. When the Church
 begins to do the work it is done. It is we
 little men that row* against the atregm, that
 are obliged to protest and letnoustrate to
 make nurseries heard. The Church holds
 the key to the national heart, and it cannot
 beat without its permission. Take the testi
 mony of one of her own distmguisihed rnen.
 What aays Rer. Mr. Barnes' “There is no
 power that could snataiu Slavery an boqr if it
 were not sustained in the Church. Not a
 blow need be struck, not an unkiod word need
 be uttered, no man's motives need be impug
 ned, no man's property or rights invaded all
 that i- needful is for tier to stand np in the
 sacred majesty of solemn testimony, and utter
 her calm and deliberate voice to the world and
 the work is done.” l&gt;o we say too much then
 when we declare that the Church like the
 dog in the manger stands up between ua and
 the people You have monopolised the peo
 ple's heart which rises and follows at your
 biding. Do you work then. God has given
 you this nation: it lies a helpless infant in your
 hands. Rear it, and if it grows up to be a
 brutal tyrant we hold you accountable for the
 evil which you might have perverted. Are
 we unjust' Is it not true? This is our in
 dictment against the Church. The nation is
 hers: we do not make it; this legislation is
 hers; we do not legislate. All this public
 sentiment is hers; dots it not support Slavery?
 If it does not,? who does We have lived two
 hundred years on this soil, we have beensiaty
 years and more an independent people. We
 have proclaimed that all rnen are equal. We
 profess to believe that God created of one
 blood all the nations of the earth; we are send
 i mg this truth broadcast into the nations of the
 .earth, translating it into all dialects; in the
 1 mean time one sixth part of our people have
 neither the Bible, nor their rights, nor the
 knowledge of the immortality that awaits them
 beyond the grave. Whose tault is it' Slave
 !ry has trebled and quadrupled since we were
 a republic, and what has done it' Somebody
 has done it. Who supports Slavery' Not
 I the two hundred and fifty thousand men alone
 i who own the slaves. It the twenty millions
 beside had said it should not exist, it could
 not, and who’ Because the American
 Church cannot give the prophetic rebuke,
 “Thou art the man."
 II
 When Rev. Mr. Kirk, of Boston, went to
 j join the Evangelical Alliance, and the fidelity
 of British Christianity uttered the word slave
 in the ears of the American delegates, he re
 plied, “cannot we go anywhere but we must
 have this thrown inoui teeth The Church
 cannot bear it even in her own land, and
 when she crosses the water and is called to
 account, she is dumb. She cannot point to a
 single step she has ever taken to free the
 i slave, not to one hearty, efficient utterance of
 her voice in his behalf Here and there, to
 be sure, a Church writes out her beautiful
 resolutions, and for ought 1 know, engrosses
 them on parchment and lays them up in its
 i archives, but that is not the way she goes to
 I work when she intends to do something.
 When she resolves to Christianize the Sand
 wich Islands she calls on her young men to
 sacrifice iheir lives to be missionaries. She
 takes up the four corners of the nation and
 shakes it; she takes up all the religious litera
 ture of the country and monopolizes it in fa
 'vi rof any scheme that she pronounces right
 and just. Herein she shows that she 19
 courageous, and means what she aays. But
 when she comes to the slave, she comes with
 wards on heiMips and nothing in Jihr hand j
 she has no sword of the spirit, she does noth
 ing. Now have we not a right to complain
 of the Church' We ask only to measure her
 by her own yard stick. We do not wrant
 woids but deeds. Let her anticipate us; we
 are nothing in comparison with her. Let
 her come in w ith the majesty of her strength,
 and fill up this platform and crowd us off.
 Does she do it? No; around us cluster the
 fugitive slaves; they come to us in boxes:
 men in the disguise of.women flee along the
 1 highways of republican Christian America,
 and take lefuge among us “infidels." The;,
 dare not trust themselves to the religion of
 the country. My test of religion is this: That
 1 is a sanctuary where the hunted and hopeless
 poor find refuge, and wherever they dare not
 trust themselves, there is but an outward
 j covering, full of dead men’s bones. Where
 the feeble look tor succor there is humanity.
 You may know who love children, for children
 discover it in their faces. So it is with the
 oppressed; wherever they find warm-hearted
 support and protection there they lake refuge.
 To what better use could your churches be
 put than to shelter the poor what better use
 could your pulpits be put than to plead the
 .cause of the bondman? What is that religion
 which lets the mere humanity of men go be
 fore it? The Church is permitting the men
 w hom she calls infidels to do the work of the
 Nineteenth Century, to herald the the way of
 truth in the feeblest efforts of humanity of
 which the age cau boast, taking up a despised
 race, and dragging them into the sunlight of
 civilization and religion. We are to doit—
 wc, despised, uninfluential, unbelieving, un
 baptized, excommunicated men and women.
 The Church lives in the battered hulk that is
 stranded on the banks, while the stream of
 human progress is sweeping by. That is not
 the Church o: Christ; it is the shell—the skin
 she has thrown off.
 You will always find the men who have
 been painfully awakened to a sense of ihe
 necessity of the age to which they belong,
 are slandeied because they are misunderstood
 at ihe time, but if the world is kind enough to
 remember them afterward, it will acknowledge
 them as martrys, though when they lived
 they were considered as outlaws and disturb
 ers. This is no new thing. The first and
 highest idea of every age has always protest
 ed against the church of that age. Luther
 protested against the church of his day and
 wla excouinmunicated, but the subsequent
 age sustained turn. When Lutheranism had
 run its course and became lifeless the puriian
 ism of our lathers bore its protest against the
 church and was calumniated and driven out ot
 Europe to seek an asylum in this land, when
 it (bunded the institutions under which we
 now live. And w hen our fathers had wander
 ed into error and become stiff and rigid, they
 excommunicated the discredited young men 01
 76 as meddlesome disturbers and fanatics.
 W hen the temperance cause was first started
 it was opposed and etnouened by the church,
 but gradually the church accepted the prof
 fered reform. 1 might pursue the subject to
 any extent. Our object is to show you that
 we have no personal pique or antipathy to
 gratify in attacking the institutions of the
 country. —We are here lor the slave. You
 remember the French fable of the Lion that
 complained that his race were not permitted to
 write histories. The slave is not permitted to
 write bis history, and those that would plan
 for him the selfish scheme of Colooixauon, the
 McDuffies and Calhouns stand up for the in
 terests of the w hite race and argue that it
 would not be safe for the victims to go free.
 Bui who will stand up lot the slave to ask tot
 his own rights and to tell the story of the
 wrongs sod injuries which have accumulated
 forages' Why, are you orthodox ta New
 York' Do you believe that the human heart
 is angelic'—that men can be trusted wuh
 power and not abase it' Would you send
 your own children 10 your enemies and trust
 them to their metry» O no, you are to wise.
 Will you give them to the first moo you meet
 and be assured of their good treatment' Yet
 how would that differ from the caasa of the
 children of the Southern slaves who are lorn
 fipn ibeu paredu and subjected to the cruel
 Skews of tbetr owners '—Only feel fin the
Blare a* tor your own kuidrcd and tber« wno
 difficahj, the quest*#* settle* natdf.
 f&gt;w fneod staled that be knew that oo ev*ry
 plantation «t the «*tb. *h«e be bad vtailed,
 one or more of the slaves could road. Hare
 nt OoQgins. grown vp to a mat* estate,
 who had roue up and down day and night a
 mid his comrades, and he knew bow many
 oould read and write. He himself learned by
 copying tbe seribblrog of lb® while boy* on
 the board fences. Now the white roan who
 had paaaed along the highway* of the Sooth,
 and gone from tbe table of the slaveholder to,
 ruch quarters a* he may choose to let him,
 El up and would place his farts, bis travel
 ’s acquaintance, against tbe knowledge
 which ha* been gained by a slave-born man
 through years of suffering. This is testi
 mony, it u fact, and you ought not to place*
 anything beside it. for there is nothing of equal
 character to place.
THE NORTH STAR.
ROCHESTER, JUNE 8, 184J*
The Presbyterian Assembly.
 The General Assembly of the Presbyterian
 Church (new School) met in Philadelphia
 last week. The subject of slavery of course
 came up lor discussion. Nothing but its abo
 lition can ever set that subject at rest in any
 religious body, professing to be under the
 guidance of Christian precept. No amount
 of priestcraft can shut it out. It breaks
 through all the cant about “brotherly love,”
 the fear of disturbing and “creating divisions”
 in the church and will and must be heard.
 The discussion and the action of the Assem
 bly on this subject are full of interest. The
 advanced stale of public opinion on the slave
 ry question seemed to warrant the expectation,
 that the church only wanted an opportunity
 te declare itself the determined and uncom
 promising foe of slaveholding, i confess that
 my hopes were somewhat aroused. Though
 by no means sanguine that this ecclesiastical
 body ever can or will do anything by w hich
 what it conceives to be its interests will l»e
 endangered, there did seem to be ieason to
 expect, that the progressive state of public
 opinion on this subject, would give its leaders
 courage to take a decided stand, and to de
 clare firmly and finally against slavery and
 slaveholding. How stands the case 1
 The Presbyterian Assembly does not even
 come up with public opinion. It lags away
 behind in the old stagnant quagmires of
 Hunkeiism. It adopts the old let alone poli
 cy of affirming slavery to be a sin, and re
 i fusing to affirm that the slaveholder is a
 sinnner. How or by what show of reason
 these reverend Jesuits can make this cleat
 even to their own undeistanding, I do not
 pretend to decide. Probably those only who
 have been well schooled in the science of
 religious cant and sophistry, can appreciate
 their reasoning. To more simple and un
 learned minds, the position of the church,
 and the influence that it exerts on the public
 mind, in reference to slavery appear to be not
 less ridiculous than mischievous. The fol
 lowing resolutions were adopted. They
 show the animus of the Assembly.
 Ist. Resolved, That we re-affirm ihesenti
 j ments expre-sed by the Assembly of 1815,
 I sod especially in the following quotation
 “The General Assembly have repeatedly
 i declared theif candid approbation of those
 I principles of civil liberty which seem to be
 recognized by thp federal and state govern
 ments in these United States. They have
 expressed their regret that the slavery of the
 Africans and their descendants, still continues
 in so many places, and even among those
 within the pale of the church, and have
 urged the presbyteries under their care, to
 adopt such measures as will secure, at least
 to the rising generation of slaves within the
 bounds of the church, a religious education,
 that they may be prepared for the exercise
 and enjoyment of liberty, when God in his
 ptrovidencc may open a door for their emanci
 pation.”
 2nd. Resolved, That this General Assem
 bly leaffirm the opinions expressed by the
 General Assembly of 1818. The following
 extracts are commended to special notice
 “We consider the voluntary enslaving of
 one part of the human race by another, as a
 j gross violation of the most precious and
 sacred rights of human nature, as utterly in
 consistent with the Jaws of God, which are,
 to love o'ur neighbors as ourselves, and as
 totally irreconcileable with the spirit and
 principles of the gospel of Christ, which en
 joins, that all things whatsoever ye would
 that men should do to you, do you even so
 I to them. Slavery creates a paradox in the
 moral system. It exhibits rational, account
 able and immortal beings, in such circum
 stances as scarcely to leave them the power
 of moral action, it exhibits them as depen
 dent on the will of others, whether they shall
 receive religious instiuction—whether they
 shall know and worship the true God—wheth
 er they shall enjoy the ordinances of the
 gospel—whether they shall perform the
 duties, and cherish the endearments of hus
 bands and wives, parents and children, neigh
 bors and friends—w hether they shall preserve
 their chastity and purity, or regard the dic
 tates of justice and humanity. Such are some
 of the coosequeuces of slavery—consequences
 not imaginary, but which connect themselves
 with its very existence.”
 3rd. Resolved, That we re-affirm the
 “declaration of the General Assembly on the
 subject of slavery,” made in the year 1848.
 i The following sentiments are particular y
 commended to the serious and prayerful at
 tention of our judicatories and churches:
 “The system of slavery as it exists in
 these United States, viewed either in the
 laws of the several States which sanction it,
 in i s actual operation and results in society,
 is intrinsically an unrighteous and oppressive
 system, and is opposed to the prescriptions of
 the law of God, to the spirit and precepts ol
 the gospel, and to the best interests of humani
 ty.”
 Again “Bnt while we believe that many
 evils incident to the system, render it impor
 tant and obligatory to bear testimony against
 it; yet, we would not undertake to determine
 1 the degree of moral turpitude on the part of
 1 individuals involved in it. This will doubt
 less be found to vary in the sight of God,
 according to the degree of light and other
 1 circumstances pertaining to each. In view of
 all tlioee embarrassments and obstacles in the
 way of emancipation, interposed by the suit
 -1 utes of the slaveholding States, and by the
 •octal influence affecting the views and con
 duct of those involved in it, we cannot pro
 nounce a judgement of general and proaus
 -1 coous condemnation, implying that destitution
 of Christian principles and feeling which
 should exclude from the table of the Lord,
 1 ail who in the legJ relation of masters
 and slaves, or justify us in withholding oui
 ecclesiastical and Christian fellowship fron
 them. We rather sympathize with, and
 would seek to succor them in their embarrass
 ments, believing that separation and secession
 1 among the ebutebes and their members, are
 1 not the methods that God approves and sanc
 tion* for the reformation of this church
 The third resohiuoo above quoted is espe
 cially worthy of notice. The slave-system
 hi opposed to the precepts and spirit of the
 gospel. Yet we would not undertake to
 determine the degree of moral turpitude oo
 the part of individuals involved m tt Is it
pnirtllL to cgacrifc **7 imUaeo of won
 palpehfe *elf-stulu6emtioo 1 Why showM tbo s
 Preshytenan Assembly, er any other
 aedly religions body, UooWe themselves oboutj
 the degree of the morel torptUide” of stave-1
 bolding 7 li a either authorised or it for-
 bidden by the precept* of Script arc. Will j
 they ny that it im sutbonxed» then do
 thia boldly, and tb«e who think differently
 will know how to meet them. Will they My I
 that it is forbidden f They do this; and in-1
 stead of following op this aanertioo, as ration
 al, Christian, and conscientious men would do,
 by a straight-forward declaration that the
 slaveholder, by his violation of Chriatian pre
 cept, is not a Christiaa, they fly off ta a
 twaddling rigmarole about the degree of
 moral turpitude." How melancholy How
 ridiculous'
 Previous to the adoption of these resolu
 tions, above quoted, Mr. Bassett, of Illinois,
 proposed an amendment, in these words:—-
 Resolved, That slavery is a great sin be
 fore God and man, and should be treated by
 the Church in the same way as other gross
 immoralities.
 On Mr. Bassett’s attempting to advo
 cate his amendment, (says the report,) a Vfery
 decided opposition discovered itself to any
 general discussion on the subject. But a lit
 tle consideration brought the Assembly to a
 sense of justice.”
 This resolution was too otanr too transpa
 rent —too popular in its construction —thera
 was not enough of priestcraft about it —no
 loopholes to creep out at in a case of emer
 gency or difficulty,—so a very decided op
 position’' to his advocating it manifested it
 self. Here is an extract from Mr. Bassett’s
 speech
 Much has been said about brotherly love.
 Over and over again he had been appealed to
 to act with hro’herly love, and in a brotherly
 spirit. It came so thick and fast that be teal
 iy was disposed to act against his convictions
 of piopnety. Now, he held himself bound
 in fellowship to every brother in Christ. But
 it was first necessary to define this relation
 ship of brother. 1 have seen, said he, one
 man fleeing before auother for his very life—
 both of whom were members of the church,
 and in that respect claimed to be my brothers.
 But I could not regard them both alike. All
 the impulses of my nature went forth for the
 oppressed, fleeing man. I took him to my
 nouse, barred my doors, and sheltered him
 against a mob, ai the expense of my life, be
 cause I thought him an injured man. Could
 I call this merciless, blood-thirsty pursuer a
 brother 7 If I did, would it be sincere Could
 I command my love to go forth to such a mis
 creant 7 I shall have to be made over anew.
 The fact is, the blacks of the South are in a
 condition of war with the whiles, «ind the op
 pressed and injured race has all my sympa
 thies. I say frankly that I do not regard the
 slaveholder, a bona fide slaveholder, as my
 brother, according to my church views and
 church obligations and 1 never can till he
 abandons slaveholding. He could not be a
 brother subordinate to the body to which I be
 long.
 He would ask, what was the will ol God
 in regard to slavery 7 Was man made for
 slavery, or liberty 7 Was; there any thing in
 the human constitution in favor of slavery 7
 What were the laws that were stamped on
 1 lie constitution of man?
 There is a law which slavery tramples
 under foot, which discloses its unholy and un
 christian character. The sacred relations of
 the household arc pre-eminently established
 by God, and tend beyond all social influences,
 to purity and exalt the character.
 “.Yet you know that slavery is in direct
 conflict with this most fundamental right. You
 know that the marriage relation is an impos
 sibility in slavery. You know that if I were
 a slave at the south, as much as I love my
 wife, and as dear as is the right by which I
 claim my affinity to her, I could not assert
 that claim against the vilest impulses of the
 most depraved monster. Woman cannot shield
 herself against the most infamous assault.
 Her virtue is an impossibility. If God has
 written auy law, in the human soul, it is this.
 A man must be an infidel or a hypocrite, who
 can believe that God s revealed law author
 izes so flagrant a violation of God’s law writ
 ten on the page of human nature.
 Mr. Bassett thought the salvation of the j
 Assembly depends upon its action on this
 question. The great world is looking at us,
 and feels that it is high time that we should
 be rid of the great sin and curse of slavery.
 It is a disgrace to us that we dare say nothing
 more decided and manly in condemnation of
 a system which even the corrupt political par-
 ties of the country are hastening to disown.
 If this body had been true to its real position
 and principles, it might have been the fore-
 mo9t ecclesiastical body in the country. At;
 the period of our rupture, we had the sympa
 thies of the world on our side. We were
 thrust out for our alleged tendency towards
 reform, and our sympathy with the age. If
 we had kept true to this character, we should
 have been the most honored and most influen
 tial body in the country. But we have lost
 groi nd by our timidity, and our most dishon- j
 orable hankering for conformity to the Old t
 Scnool Assembly.
 Chief Justice Hoax blower, in a few words, j
 strongly appioved of Mr. Bassett’s amend- 1
 ment. Mr. H. remarked as follows:
 He would oppose slavery as he would
 murder, manslaughter, and theft, and any otb-
 er crime. He would no sooner commune with 1
 a slaveholder, who is intelligently sucb, than
 with the greatest malefactor. What right
 has one man to sustain such a relation to j
 ano.her mao, as that of master? Where does j
 a man acquire the power to buy and sell the i
 sinews and soul of his fellow-man, made in
 G«id's image, and bom with precisely the same 1
 rights as himself l It is an offence against'
 the rights of man which the gospel presup
 poses in all its ovettures of mercy and how
 can we hold him who voluntarily and openly
 practices it, guiltleM enough to extend the
 hand of brotherly communion to him 7 Him
 greatest objection to Mi. Bassett’s amend-j
 ment is that it does not go far enough. The
 duty of the church of Christ, surrounded by j
 a flagrant and all-prevalent sin, is something
 more than to characterize it as a sin. liar
 apprehensions on this subject are apt to be
 weak and confused by our lamiitariiy with its
 enormity. We talk about organic sins—sins
 enormous in tbeir own nature, and in the sight
 of God, yet excusable on account of tbeir in
 corporation into our laws and social usages.
 It is one of the most unhappy phrases be ever
 heard. As if the. multiplication of a sin by
 tens of thousands lessened its criminality; as
 if its adoption into human codes altered its
 inherent character; as if human legislation
 superseded the word sod sanction of the Al
 mighty Measure it by the same
 honest rule you would apply to other crimes,
 and what do you make it f It is a sis, H there
 be any such thing ss sin; and if a sin, one of
 the must heinous, and the more heinous be
 caoae so widely participated in, and ao gener
 ally excused. It is high time for the church
 to take a proper attitude on this aubjeet; and
 from his heart be sympathised with and
 thanked the brother who had been true enough
 to his sense of duty and convict ions of eternal
 justice, to bring forward s proposition, de
 claring slavery to be s an, and worthy of the
 •w treatment—be would add more severe
 sod stem treatment that any other gram im
 morality.”
 it is not needfol to add anything to these
 remark*. They spenk for the—ehw, They
 are Hear, Christian, and exptieh. Bet heir
 •ere they received 7
 Dr. Bncau said—“ It is s ioadamsnts]
law of the church that am is ffinetpUnsbfo be
 fore the pwpti tribunals; mJ we have pro
 nounced slavery to be an unnfhtcon* and op
 pressive system—in other words, a sin and
 Mr. Surra, from Mmsawn, fettawed up his
 argument by stating that he wao opposed to
 any action on thi* «übject, and reading pas
 sage* from St. Paul's writings, in reference
 Ui the relation* of master *«d servant —be-
 cause. a# he said. lie desired to he guided
 solely by the lamp of revelation —winding
 up with these words If Paul had lived in
 these times, and had undertaken to draw a
 picture of the results which have flowed from
 this abolition discussion, he oould not have
 used language more apt and expressive than
 this.’’
 After which, Mr. Holmes, of Mississippi,
 moved as a substitute (not adopted)—“ That
 the tyrannical exercise of power, whether by
 rulers ovet subjects, parents over children
 or masters over slaves, is loudly condemned,
 and ought to be made a matter of discipline
 but that the relation of master and slave was
 not necessarily sinful.*'
 The object of Mr. Bassett was to commit
 the Assembly to ao affirmation that no Chris
 tian could be a slaveholder. The object of
 Dr. Beeches and the Southern representatives
 was to avoid this, aod to leave things where
 they were; and they succeeded by an over-1
 whelming majority.
 The New York Evangelist says, that “an
 advance has been made,” and congratulate*
 the Church upou the highly creditable char
 acter and doings of the late Assembly.” How
 much more creditable and Christian would
 they have been, had a straight-forward and
 manly course, such as that proposed by Mr.
 Bassett, been adopted!— j. d.
Presbyterian Assembly, Old School.
 This body held its meetings in Pittsburg;
 last week, ff the proceedings of the New
 School Assembly were such as have been de
 tailed above, what had the slave to hope from
 the Old School Assembly 7 From every;
 Christian man and woman he has a right to j
 expect sympathy and aid. From this As
 sembly, professedly Christian—practically in-;
 fidel, he receives professions of
 interest in his cause, followed up by action i
 giving the lie to all such professions. The
 following, amongst other resolutions, were
 adopted
 Resolved, That the principles of the Pres
 byterian Church, on the subject of slavery,
 are already set forth in repeated declarations,
 so full and so explicit as to need no further
 exposition.
 Resolved, That we rejoice to believe that
 the action of former Assemblies, so far from
 aiding or allowing the iniquitous oppression
 of man by his fellow-man, has been steadily
 promoting amelioration in the condition of
 slaves, by winning the confidence of masters in
 our freedom from fanaticism, and by stimu
 lating the slave and the master alike to labor
 in the religious instruction of the blacks.
 Comment on these resolutions is quite un
 necessary. Men who can make it their boast
 that they liave won the confidence of slave
 holders seem scarcely to come within range
 lof a moral argument. They could not pos
 sibly have demonstrated more clearly their
 ow n shame and the uttei inability of Chris
 tianity as explained by them, to overthrow the
 inhuman slave-sytem, than by adopting .«uch
 a resolution as this. Three millions of hu- 1
 man beings are groaning in&gt; b Jage and. ig-:
 I norance, almost hopeless of release. They
 have perhaps heard that Christ came to
 preach deliverance to the captives—the open
 ing of the prison-doors to them that are:
 bound,” and they stretch out their hands to
 those who call themselves the followers df
 Clvist, assured of help and consolation, and
 they find (Oil, horrible disappointment!)
 that these self-styled followers of Christ are
 making their boast of winning the confidence j
 of their oppressors by admitting them to'
 church fellowship, and embracing them as
 brethren Where is the thief, highwayman,
 or murderer whose confidence might not be
 won by precisely this course 7 And what
 wonid be the effect of thus winning his con
 fidence 7 Would it not be to convince the
 thief, highwayman, or murderer, that all
 the professions of enmity to theft, robbery, or
 murder, made by these so-called Christians,
 were mere words, and jneant nothing, con
 troverted as they were by their louder
 speaking practice and would not these evil
 doers be encouraged to persevere irv their
 course of wickedness, fellowshipped and
 countenanced therein by the religious, the
 pious aod the respectable Alas for the
 world, if such is the Christianity by which it
 is to be reformed! j. d.
The Scalpel.—The May number of this
 Anti-Quackery periodical has been our table
 several weeks waiting for a notice. It is like
 it? predecessor, vigorous and transparent.
 This number has an article, which may be
 considered the editor's “Confession of Faith/'
 respecting curative agents, headed “To
 what extent is Medicine entitled to Confi
 deuceV’ from which the following is ex
 tracted
 Air, warmth, food, and water, afford all
 the elements essential to the production and
 renovation of the human body. Sleep is j
 equally necessary, in restoring its powers
 when fatigued. This, however, is only need
 ful to the brain and voluntary museles the
 heart, lungs, arteries, and viscera, never sleep.
 Breathing, the circulation of the blood, the
 secretion of all the fluids, absorption, etc., go
 on while life lasts. Their cessation, even for
 a few moments, ts death.
 “These, then, are emphatically the viul
 stimuli.’ The distinguished physiologist. Mul
 ler, remarks, They are the only efficient
 means of restoring the body after sickness.’
 What a reflection for the consumers of quack
 medicines and the prescriptions of our learned
 brethren, the medical philosophers in general.
 Again—‘ There are many other stimuli
 which excite reaction, and which are not es
 sentially renovating, and, indeed, for the most
 part, have no restorative action on the organs;
 and which, instead of producing symptoms or
 phenomena of reaction, have no vivifying in
 fluence, bat, on the contrary, are injurious, in
 proportion to the change effected by them is
 the organic composition/ *An endless inju
 ry has been done to medietoe, and many lives
 have been lost, through the error of confound
 ing all agents winch exdu* reaction in the
 system with these that sis absolutely essen
 tial to life, and which renovate, while they
 stimulate, the organs the false notion haring
 boon thereby induced, that because certain
 stuntth feed, as it were, the flame of life,
 stimulating agents, geoemfly, ate neeeaeary
 to life.’ Read that, ye wretched hucksters of
 medicines, whethe. with a diploma in jeer
 pocket, ot a atoatn-mtH fo manufacture, and a
 newspaper tad a scute of clergymen to ad
 vaitiaa year eooteaspuhfo watea. Whatman,
 that can think as a mtfoeal betag, deaa net
 foal that the gteat phyMologiw apeak* the
 trathV
The utiele on Temperature and Atnx*.
 pheric Electricity is continued in tht* number
 and is interesting »nd instructive.
 Of the article on “Hydropathy and Honxn&gt;.
 pathv Appreciated." »t mvy be simply
 that they are not appreciated.” It
 without being logical *atirical without hit
 ting anything or any body: and reasons where
 no argument is inquired The man of
 straw’’ •icmohdicd ihom effectually bin
 the real man i* left where he was, untouched
 and uninjured
 There arc other article* on subjects usoail&gt;
 treated of in medical journals, written in ar.
 understandable style, and satisfactorily free
 from medical technicalities and mystification
 It is gratifying to learn that the periodical has
 received a large amount of support, and ma\
 be considered fiimly established.— i. i»
Pimple* oh the Face.—Touch tl*, n w ,m
 spirits of turpentine once in six hours and
 they will soon take themselves away
 The same remedy, if applied eailv. will re
 move a sty from the eyelid, and in nine case-,
 out of ten, prevent boils, if used in the first
 stages.—Er.
 This paragraph is a sample of a large ciaat
 of the same sort. This and others like it arc
 the genuine offspring of quackery. It may
 be true or false that spirits of turpentine will
 remove pimples from the face—very likely ii
 is true. But if it is a remedy what then'
 There is a reason why the pimples come on
 the face. They arc the sign of a diseased
 constitutional condition of the system. The
 spirits of turpentine do not icrnove the dis
 eased condition, but temove only the sign
 that such condition exist*, his on the igno
 ranee of this and other similar facts, that em
 piricism thrives and fattens.—j. u.
Colored Physicians.—We are inhumed
 that .Messrs. John V. l)e Grasse of out
 City, and Thomas J. White of Brooklyn, two
 j of the colored medical students of Boudoir,
 j Medical College, Brunswick, Me have re
 i ceived the degree of M.D. at the dose ot
 the last term. M*. De Grasse was a studeni
 of Dr. S. R Cbilds.. and Mr. White a
 student of Dr. W. C. Roberts, both of this
 City. Notwithstanding the doors of the
 Medical Colleges of this I ‘ity were barred
 against them, they have parsued a regular
 medical course, and now have their diploma
 in hand, intending to go to work in their re
 spective cities. They are young men of in
 telhgeqce and moral worth.—JV. Y. Tribune
 Latest from thk Plains.—From a letter
 written by a member of the Telegraph (St
 liOiiis) Company to his friend in this City, and
 i brought to ihe settlements by an officer of dra
 1 goons who was on his way from Fort Chiles,
 I we glean the following intelligence:
 The inconveniences which had thus far at
 tended the travelling weie ranch greater than
 the emigrants had anticipated. After one ut
 i two day’s journey in the Pawnee county they
 were continually stopped by creeks, difficult to
 ford, where it liecame necessary to empty th«-
 1 wagons. This occurred generally once, and
 sometimes twice in a single day, and was begin
 ning to exhaust the strength and patience ol
 the men.
 i On the 3d inst. the company were overtak
 en by a small body of Pawnees, almost worn
 out by fatigue and hunger, who stated that
 t they were closely pursued by a war party ol
 Sioux Indians. In consequence of this intel
 ligence, featful of having their animals stolen,
 every precautionary measure was taken—the
 night guards doubled, &amp;c. The grass, asha.l
 been foreseen before leaving the settlements,
 wa9 too short and too new for the subsistence
 of the animal*. The latter quality, it seem*
 has a tendency to purge them, rendering them
 unfit for hard service. Were assistance not
 near at hand, the inconvenience would be
 felt, as the corn taken out as a precautionary
 guard is almost entirely consumed. They
 propose however, to push on to Fort Chilles
 where they will stop long enough to recruit
 the forces of the animals. Nothing is said
 regarding the general health of the company.
 The tone of the writer in speaking of his owrn
 and the health of several friends, would indi
 cate that it is good.— St. Louis Reveille.
 Rebuilding of St. Louis.—At a meeting
 of the citizens of St. Louis, the following
 Resolution was adopted
 Resolved, That a public meeting' be held
 at the Rotunda of the Court House, on
 Wednesday evening, the 23d inst. at
 o’clock, for the purpose of concerting measu
 res to procure the Governor of this State to
 convene the Legislature, in order to procure
 the passage of a law lending the credit of the
 State of Missouri for such an amount as will
 be sufficient to re-build the city, and enable
 its citizens to recover from ‘its late awful ca
 lamity.
 May 30th.—The great cievasse at Suave’s
 still remains unchecked, and there is no
 prospect of stopping it for two weeks t*&gt;
 come. The water continues to rise, and the
 greatest consternation prevails. 'I he Tele
 graphic accounts state, that already half the
 city is inundated. The inhabitants are flying
 from their houses, and business matters are
 being wound up, preparatory to leaving the
 city. To add to all this the cholera ha&gt;
 again broken out in the vicinity of the ere
 vasae.
 The Revenue of Great Britain —Me
 hive now before us the balance sheet of the
 public income and expenditure for the yen
 ending on the sth of the present month
 The statement of revenue which it give* in
 eludes that of Ireland, which the quarterly
 return, published on the *»lh inst did not.
 Thy addition amounts to no more than X 3,
 350,302 155., as to which we may have sow
 remarks to make on another occas.on. The
 net income of the United Kingdom for the
 years 184 H—9, minus the cost of collodion
 and some oilier deductions, is therefore X 53,
 017,732 15s. The total exrs-ndnure has
 been X'53,287,110 Ms. Id. There is con
 aequently a deficit upon the year of X'209,-
 217 19s. Id. This amount, it is true, is not
 large still the tact of a deficit is one which
 ought never to para without animadversion
 It must always be regarded citbor as a sign
 of national declension, or as a blot upon finan
 cial management.— London ('krontcl* April
 24.
 Escape or a Convict Wiric in her Hi*
 band's Attire. A Mrs McAdams was,
 few weeks sine**, convicted of the crunc ot
 murder before the Circuit Court of Madison
 County, Miss. Her husband was allowed to
 visa her ui prison frequently, and at la»‘
 dressed her in a suit of his own clothes, by
 means of which she effected a passage from
 the prison. She was traced a* far as V ick»
 burgh, where she took passage in a steam
 boat, and, from the last accounts had not
 been arrested.
 The Cholera. Inhumanity. The
 Louis Reveille states that the whole numfe'
 of deaths on board the unfortunate steamer
 Monroe, which stopped at Jefferson City w*
 her way up from St. Louis upon the 12th uh
 was fifty-three, and adds
 The conduct of parties at Jefferson itv
 represented as having been outrageous. The
 sick were removed, in many case*, to holds,
 and, dying, all their effects w ere seized to pny
 for beds and furniture, which were burned,
 in order to prevent contagion The expense*
 attending a death, in one case amounted to
 atariv 1200. In tusnv eat* the sick were
 removed to sheds, and there left unattended,
 taken when complying with the uk*i
 erbtuot demands.
 Capt. Moore of the Monroe, who returned
 to St. bv load, died in (hot city sou* l
 after his arrival.
