Communications.
PHILADELPHIA) May ‘29th, 1849.
 Edttws of thr SortA Star
 Gentlemen —I am truly glad that an op
 portunity present* itself by which we can
 present something of importance to your
 reader*. I allude to the laying of the comer
 stone of the chapel and dedication of the
 Olive Cemetery,” which auspicious event
 look place yesterday—drawing together a
 gieatet number ofsour people than usual, to
 witness a scene for the first time enacied in
 these United States.
 The Cemetery is situated about two rnilea
 from the dty the friends were conveyed to
 the ground by fourteen ommbuaea, with from
 six to two horses each, as well a* by numer
 ous other conveyances. The number of per
 sons in attendance could not have been lees
 than four hundred, ail of whom were much
 delighted, for it is really a beautiful and ele
 vated site, in every wav well adapted for bu
 rial purposes.
 The ceremonies were commenced by the
 president of the company, Joseph P. Humph
 ries. calling the audience to order, when an
 appropriate and solemn prayer was offeied to
 the Throne of Grace by the Kev. ti. B. Her
 rington. after which the following introduc
 tory remarks were made by the president
 t'nrnds and (t/i-ciu—This is an
 unusual sight. We are assembled together
 this dav upon an extiaordinary occasion—sol
 emn in its nature, encouraging in its asjieet,
 and holy in its purposes. \N e are assembled
 10 aid and witness a work which, lor its mag
 nitude and utility, is certainly calculated to
 do us imperishable honor—for, amongst all
 civilized communities, an interest is always
 manifested for the proper sepulture of the
 dead.
 Great care and attention have been paid to
 this subject by our white fellow-citizens, as
 the numerous cemeteries iri these United
 States amply testify and why it is that we
 have not, as a people, made an effoit to es
 tablish so useful an object at an earlier period
 than the present, is not for us now to consid
 er. It seems to have been left for oui day
 and generation; and we rejoice thai we are
 permitted this day to lay the corner stone,
 and dedicate the first cemetery established by
 the colored citizens of the United States of
 America.
 And it is gratifying in no small degree that
 this honor belongs to the colored citizens of
 the city and County ol Philadelphia. Although
 oppressed by prejudice, although contemned
 and disfranchised, we are nevertheless suscep
 tible of those high and ennobling qualities
 w hich our more favored brethren would mo
 nopolize and, notwithstanding all the obsta
 cles emanating from prejudices that are placed
 in our pathway, we are yet determined to ad
 vance, toevinee to the world that the spirit of
 enterprise, the arts and sciences, and the skill
 of mechanism, are as easily attained, andean
 be as successfully carried out by us, as by any
 oilier portion of the human family.
 For w« ar** all children of one common Father,
 He our complexion* what they may.
 w e are also assembled upon a solemn oc- j
 casion. Tins large space of ground is this
 day to be set apart as a resting place for the
 dead. Here, where the gentle zephyrs of
 Heaven shall have their unobstructed sway;
 where the majestic oak shall spread her
 branches; and where the willow shall bend
 her drooping boughs in mournful silence, shall
 repose the bodies of affectionate parents, de
 voted wives, tender husbands, fond children,
 loving brothers and sisters, and sincere
 friends —many of whom, after having been
 bound together in life by the holiest ties ot af
 fection, will not be separated, even after that
 life has become extinct. And upon this
 ground, when so consecrated, the survivors of
 many a loved one will have the privilege—
 though sad, yet pleasing—of visiting their
 sepulchres, reflecting upon their virtues and,
 have their minds directed to that eternity,
 where a happy re-union can be obtained,
 through the merits of a precious Redeemer.
 From the success which lias attended this
 enterprise, and the interest manifested in it by
 our ladies, we are confident of ultimate suc
 cess —for what is there that is high, honora
 ble, or ennobling, that men cannot accomplish
 when aided and encouraged by lovely
 woman.”
 To you, ladies, are we much indebted for
 your presence to-day, and through your fu
 ture efforts in assisting to decorate these bu
 rial lots, shall we, by divine blessing, be ena
 bled, at a time not far distant, to point with
 pleasure to the Olive Cemetery” as a memo
 rial of the enterprising spirit of the colored
 citizens of the city and county ot Philadel
 phia.
 At the conclusion of which he also read
 a copy of the act of incorporation, and an
 nounced the contents of the box, which was
 handed to the Rev. Wm. Douglass, wdio, in
 an appropuale and impressive manner, laid
 the corner stone. After which the Rev.
 Stephen Smith was introduced to the audi
 ence, and proceeded to portray the signs of
 progress exemplified by the occasion lor
 which we had assembled he adverted to the
 noble eflbrta exerted by those gentlemen fore
 most in this enterprise, as well as the efforts
 of those w ho came to their assistance—the lot
 holders. For, said he, as 1,000 lots are al
 ready sold, he hoped that before another six
 months had expired, another 1,000 would be
 sold for the people feci an interest in tins
 cemetery, and it was, therefore, upon a good
 bitiK. He was happy in being present to
 wanes.* the laying of this comer Slone, for it
 is the first that has been laid in the United
 Stale*.
 Alter a few more remarks, Mr. Smith con
 cluded, and the president introduced Freder
 ice Douglass, Ksq., oratoi of the day.
 To attempt to jxirlray the beautiful and ap
 propriate address of Mr. Douglass, would be
 lolly. I can only say that his oration was
 worthy of the man arid the occasion. He
 enchained the attention of his audience for
 nearly an hour, in a sublime and masterly
 style. The eloquent speaker said— Whilst
 1 am proud of your enterprise, i also mourn
 at its necessity, that at this enlightened a go—
 in this so-called republican and ehttsuan
 country—the gtave is not permitted to be the
 leveler of distinctions but that the ashes of
 the poor, injured, colored man, must have
 a distinct and separate shelter. But be
 thanked God, and was happy to know, that
 such distinctions would not, could not, be tol
 erated in the burial of the dead upon this now
consecrated spot; tint all, as children of one
 common (ether, rosy rest bon; that the deep
 ly injured black man, and his once proud op
 pressor, the white nan, any el amber upon
 this beautiful ground, until they are called to
 gin an account af their atewardahip.”
 1 repeat, to attempt to follow Mr. Doue
 lam* would be mn, suffice it to my that his
 chaste and sublime oration will long be re
 membered by bia delighted auditory.
 Thus ended the eenmoniea of laying the
 coiner stone of the chapel and dedication o!
 the Olire Cemetery.”
 Yours truly,
 A SUBSCRIBER.
Thou fawt bid (tvm the w»*e sad
 prudent, and hart revealed them unto babe*.”
 It in a strange thought, bat not more straogn
 than true, that, to become cognisant of the
 highest truths, we moat be bumbled and be
 come as little children Not in the pride
 of human intellect; not in the exaltation of
 reason to the throne of the Divinity not in
 the rushing whirlwind of tboagbt, nor in the
 burning flame of the wildest aspiration but
 in the silence and the calm of an bumbled and
 subdued spirit does the still, small voice of
 eternal wisdom make itself audible and an
 nounce its teachings of the everlasting veri
 ties. It was so in the day of that ancient and
 gifted man of God, who listened for his Ma
 ker’s voice in the whirlwind and in the flame,
 and heard it not; but who received it when it
 came as a still, small voice, with reverential
 abasement of soul, veiling his fsoe in his man
 tle, and listening to it at the door of bis cave
 in the lonely wilderness, —and so it will al
 ia ays be to the end of the world. Never per
 haps was theie more need for mankind to re
 member these truths than at the present day
 yet, alas! how many have forgotten them;
 how many of the intellectual giants of our
 age have stumbled at the simplicity of the
 iross of Christ—as the Jews of old also re
 ceived not the Savior in his guise of a lovely
 nfant, but looked for him as a great king who
 ihould at once restore the kingdom to Israel.
 Like the fabled Jearus, these lofty ones have
 trusted to the waxen wings of human reason
 ind intellect to bear them through all the ex
 panse of the spiritual universe;—but when
 they approached its central tun, their plumes
 were all too weak, and they were plunged in
 to an abyss of doubt and error.
 The love of God, in Christ Jesus, is this
 central fire of the spiritual universe this vast
 mystery which human reason cannot pierce;
 this most holy place, on which none but the
 anointed eye of a child-like faith may gaze
 undazzled this bush w hich ever burns with
 out being consumed, from which the angel of
 God’s presence is heard exclaiming—“ Draw
 not nigh hither put off thy shoes from off
 thy feet, for the place whereon thou standest
 is holy ground.” And so these gie&amp;t ones
 have fallen before the “stumbling-block which
 is laid in Zion have erred before the simpli
 city of that wisdom, which has been in all
 ages to the wiseGieeks, foolishness.”
 Pride of intellect is one prevailing blight
 of our age. It seems that it is too humilia
 ting for those, who, on the strong wings of
 thought, have traversed the wide regions of
 created wonder, calmly to fold these wings,
 even in the presence of uncreated light—al
 jeit the archangels themselves veil, with their
 leavenly pinions, their adoring eyes before
 he mysteries of the triune Godhead.
 Whitehaven, (Eng.) H. M. P.

 Miss Hhadd’s Pamphlet.
 Philadelphia, April 23, 1849.
 Frederick Douglass :—Dear Sir—Miss!
 Shadd has published a small pamphlet, con
 taining twelve pages, called Hints to the
 colored People of the North.” I had a num
 ber of them in my possession to dispose of;
 but 1 have not been able, as yet, to sell more
 than three or four in about two months. As
 a reader of the North Star, I have been
 w'atching very carefully, for the last six
 months, for some of our able and distinguish
 ed waiters in this city to take some notice ol
 this little document, but have watched in vain.
 It has been widely circulated in this city, but
 I believe very little money has been paid for!
 it. In fact some have said that had they
 known that the work contained some things
 which it does, they would not have had it as
 a gift; but what the objectionable part is, I
 have yet to learn, unless it be its telling too
 much truth—particularly in setting the condi
 tion of our people in its true light.
 1 understand that the author of this pamph
 let is a daughter of A. D. Shadd, Esq., of
 Westchester, in this State. She says:—
 Feeling, as I do, that my destiny is that
 of my people, it is a duty to myself, setting
 aside the much-ridiculed maxim that charity
 begins at home,’ to expose every weakness, to
 exclaim against every custom that helps pro
 long our day of depression. 1 shall, there
 fore, not by raillery or ridicule, seek to arouse
 you but as one who, by assent, if not by ac
 tual participation, has aided in this complex
 ion of things, speak plainly and without fear.
 We thought, in connection with professional
 men, as the whites had such, we should, as
 they do, make a grand display of ourselves;
 we should have processions, expensive enter
 tainments, excursions, public dinners and sup
 pers, with beneficial institutions, a display of
 costly apparel, and churches on churches, to
 minister to our vanity; we forget that cir
 cumstances alter caseswe forget that we
 are, as a people, deficient in the needful to
 support such things. The praise that would
 be bestowed upon us, was incense to our sus
 ceptible imaginations, instead of gall and
 wormwood to our souls, as it should have
 been, and as it really is to our hopes, if we
 continue to follow this policy. What profits
 a display of ourselves Is it to be seen by
 one another 1 How does that better our con
 dition as a people 1 Is it to be seen and ad
 mired by the whites J Why, the very people
 who tell you, our people eclipsed ours on
 a public occasion your ladies and gentle
 men compare favorably with outs in appear
 ance on the street your society’s regalia
 looked becoming and neat when Mr. or Mia.
 was butted say the colored people are
 spending their money for velvet sod gold now,
 and in winter they will be dependent on pub
 lic chanty.’ The colored caricature the
 whites, their employer*, silly people they
 attend oil to their exterior! Negroes and
 Indiana aet more value on the outside of their
 heads than on what the inside needs 1 They
 (blacks) are glad when one of their number
 dies, that they nay walk in proeessioo, and
 show their regalia.’ There is a continual
 cnuciam on our aetiooa being indulged ut
contempt of ns. and aboae showered lavishly
 upon a*, bt our avowed enemies and pretend
 ad friends while our tine friend* ar e and at
 heart beeanae of *rahaw» lira grasp
 ing at straws.*"
 What thu.k you ot the language of thta
 young sinter, who now residing m a sdsvc
 bolding .Stale 1 Do** she tell the truth m
 not Aa one man 1 am sorry that I hare to
 answer in the aftnnative yes, well may she
 say that our true friend# are aad at heart be
 cause of our weakness, which cause she has
 so handsomely detnonstraied to the foregoing
 extract. 1 do not know of any of oat true
 friends who give any countenance to these un
 necessary and expensive regalia displays hot
 I do know that whenever one of those regalia
 institutions turns out in the street to a funer
 al, or on any other occasion, the pro-slavery
 newspapers puff them up to a great extent
 yea, the Tery newspapers that, in by-gooe
 days, had aided in the burning of uor church
 es, halls and private dwellings when we had
 dared to utter a single cotnplsiut against the
 oppressors of our rsce, and are ready to do it
 now. J- B. Y.
The New E«f I mad Aatf-SlaTery Com
 twUm
 Met at the Melodeon on Tuesday at 10
 o’clock A. M.
 The Convention was organized by the
 choice of the officer*; vixPresident,
 Wendell Phillips, of Boston; Vice Preai
 denta, Esmond Quincy, Peter Libby, of
 Maine. E. Hebard, of Vt., Job T. AngeU,
 of Conn., Francia Jackaon of Boston, George
 Doughty, of New York; Secretaries, Samuel
 May, Jr., of Leicester, Henry H. Brigham,
 of Abingtou, Eliza J. Kensy, of Salem.
 The following persons were appointed a
 Business Committee, rizVl m. L. Garri
 son, S. S. Foster, Parker Phillsbury, Fred
 erick Douglass, C. C Burleigh, Abßy K.
 Foster, Lucy Stone, Annie W. Weston, J.
 C. Clafton.
 Wm. L. Garrison, from the Business Com
 mittee, reported the subjoined resolutions
 Resolved, That the experience, observation
 and reflection of the past year have deepened
 our conviction of the soundness of those
 principles and the wisdom of those measures,
 by the promulgation and prosecution of which
 we have been hitherto laboring to promote
 the Anti-Slavery cause and that we now re
 affirm our belief that it is at once the policy
 and the duty of abolitionists to push on this
 great enterprise with unflagging zeal and
 energy,on the firm ground of “No union with
 slaveholders in Church or State.
 Resolved, That in the language of thtf
 Rev. John Burnet of London, “if we are
 thorough anti-slavery men, and believe that
 slavey is a sin against God, we believe that
 is a sinful church which sanctions slavery,
 and WE MUST LEAVE IT.”
 Resolved, That (in the language of the
 Rev. Dr. Morrison, of London,) “We firm
 ly believe that America is the main pillar
 which now upholds slavery throughout the
 world; and we believe, also, the main pillar
 of slavery in America, both as regards slave
 holding principle, and the detestable prejudice
 against persons sf color, is the supinenesss,
 the guilty supineness, and the truckling,
 time-serving conduct of her Christian min
 isters, who do not boldly lift up their voices
 against those great and crying abominations."
 Resolved, That (in the* language ot some
 distinguished divine) “far, far better would
 it be for the North to give up her relation
 with the South, by winch relation a system is
 upheld, which is most nefarious in the eyes
 of God and of good men, than to retain her
 connexion, and with it her slaveholding spirit
 and institution.”
 Mr. Garrison moved that No. 1 be taken
 up for discussion.
 The resolution was discussed by C. C.
 Burleigh, J. N. Boffum, J. A. Innis, Wm.
 L. Garrison, Wm. A. White and Wendell
 Phillips. —Emancipator and Republican.
The Negroes Takinjg Sides. —The St.
 Louis Union says that it learns from a gentle
 man from the Western part of Missouri, that
 a large number of colored persons in the
 border counties South of the Missouri river,
 had become dissatisfied with their old religi
 ous organization, and had gone over to the
 “North’ division of the Methodist Episcopal
 Church.
 This is not strange. The greater wonder
 is that any of them should stay a single day
 in connexion with a Church thousands ol
 whose members aie shutting their fellow men
 out from the light of revelation, and holding
 them in bondage tenfold worse than Egyp
 tian. It is also matter of wonder that out
 colored brethren, if they must be Methodists,
 do not become Wesleyans, the only body of
 Methodists that debars slaveholders Irom their
 communion. —Concord Free Press.
 Census of the United States.— The
 late act of Congress, making arrangements
 for taking the next census, provides that the
 Secretaiy of State, the Attorney General,
 and the Post Master General, shall constitute
 and be a Board to be styled the Census
 Board. In addition to the number of inhabi
 tants, information is to be collected in regard
 to agriculture, commerce, mines, manufac-.
 lures, education, &amp;c.
 The Expedition in Search of Sir John i
 Franklin.—A dispatch from Washington i
 states that our Government intends despatching!
 forthwith, two of the national ships in search
 of the lost exploring expedition of Sir John
 Franklin, in the Arctic Seas one to go east,!
 around Cape Labrador, and through Davis"
 Straits—the other west, to Behring’s Straits.

 Rapid Writing.—This rooming a lad who j
 has somewhat distinguished himself as a
 rapid phonographic writer, was in our office
 in company with Mr. Dyer, and gave ua
 some specimens of his great ability as a re
 porter. His name is D. F. Murphy, and it
 is now nearly a year since he uegan to take
 lessons. But notwithstanding his very litni
 ed practice, he is known to be the most rapid
 writer in the world. A friend read to him to
 day and he reported the reading at the rate of
 180 words in a minute with the most perfect
 accuracy, reading the matter off after it was
 written with as much fluency a«if it had been
 printed in clear letter press. We never wit
 nessed a more astonishing exhibition. It is,
 indeed, a wonderful art, and ought to be ex
 tensively taught in our public schools. Whal
 a labor-saving machine it would be to a
 lawyer, a judge, a clergyman or indeed to
 any body— Brooklyn (A.) Y. Eagle.
 Not at all improbable. —W. W. Brown,
 the very able and popular Anti-Slavery lec
 turer, a mulatto, bright loth in complexion
 and intellect, said last Sunday evening at the
 Treraont Temple, “I am by blood one of the
 aristocrats of the country, and I am exceed
 ingly sorry to state that 1 have been credibly
 informed that Zachary Taylor, the president
 of this great Republic, is a near relative of
 lame, —which reminds roe of the fact that a
 man can have very bad relatives.”—Chrono
 tyr*-
 Supposed Slaver.—The brig Susan, Capt.
 Wallord, ot New York, sailed from Rio Jan
 eiro on tbe sth February, bound to Angola,
 on the coast of Africa, and was captured near
 Rio Janeiro by the U. S. Brig Perry, Lieut.
 Com. Darls, on suspicion ofbeing engaged in
 i the trade, and under command of Lieut.
 r Hunter, aa pttse-maatet, wa* «ent to this
 errantry, with twelve passengers on Hoard.
 r Homwopatht —It stated to tbe €rocro
 f nan Mercury, that in 158 cases of cholera
 treated hom«op**hicany in that city, between
 90th April and 15lh May, hi Drs. Piute and
 1 Ehrmann, Ml a single death occurred. Dr.
 I Peck, of the same school, report* m eases,
 t aod no deaths
Tke Hanging mm i wkm mu u
 (Fraaa AeCWwihpe.j
 While Uie law and Ike gonpd were p
 paring their machinery of death oa the mmim,
 the gaping crowd on the —Kit ef the jail
 were not idle.
 The doors of nearly all the dwelting-bonero
 and stores on LowHi, Causeway, hrmeit,
 Onung and Wall-streets were Inched or btock
 aded with police. ()o Cmtm* and Wall ala.
 the crowd was quite large. From these two
 streets the gallows could be seen very plain,
 with its rope and cap dangling in the bteeae.
 The anxiety of the spectators to see the deed
 consummated was intense. We saw children
 fighting tor places; wopnen that crowded the
 windows laughing and jesting with the rab
 ble—the boose-tops, with few exceptions,
 were lined with group* of men and women
 eager to view the bloody work. They re*
 tamed their position for about two hours, not
 withstanding the raio.
 Expressions of the moat diabolical nature
 were constantly put forth by the vulgar and
 profane, of which the crowd was mostly com
 posed. Here and there a discussion arose as
 to the right of hinging. We listened.
 A stranger expressed his belief that it was
 wrong to kill Goode; whereupon a being
 wearing the form of man, and who is better
 explained by hia language than by any thing
 else, remarked—
 God d—n it, don’t the Scriptures say that
 the d—d black scoundrel ought to be hung
 No,’ replied the stranger.
 I’ll be G—d d —d if they don’t,’ added
 the theological expounder.
 Now what church this latter saint belongs
 to, or what Divine preaches to him, we did
 not learn but we think hia reasoning about
 as logical as the orthodox brother’s, who told
 us the other day that if capital punishment
 should be abolished in Massachusetts, he
 would move into some other commonwealth
 where it existed.
 We noticed one man of a party of four,
 who seemed extremely anxious to have the
 stork go on. He frequently burst foith in
 grains similar to the following, which oar
 oood pencil enables ns to remember: Bring
 tut the d——d nigger.’ Give ns a look at
 he son of a b h.’
 Another exclaimed, Tear down the wall,
 and let us see his d—&gt;—d black face.’ Quar
 ter the scoundrel—hanging is too good for
 him,' ejaculated a third.
 When the drop fell, and the hangman had
 finished his salat led job, a fiendish shout rent
 the air of— Down with your umbrellas, and
 let’s see the bloody nigger swing.’
 The deed done, the crowd in groups de
 parted
 Six boys, whose ages varied from twelve j
 to seventeen years, particularly attracted our
 attention by tbeir bold and daring expressions.
 One was recognized by the police as a notori
 ous thief, having been in the House of Cor- j
 rection several times. Arguing from an old
 proverb that birds of a feather flock togeth
 er,’ we were led to suppose the other five but
 very little better than the one we have de
 scribed, who, on being asked—
 How would you like to have that come on
 you, Bill?’ answered—
 ‘Oh by G—d, that’s nothing; it’s all oveT
 in a second.’
 Ejaculations like those we have recorded
 were as plentiful as the rain that fell all the
 while in torrents, and which kept at bay thou
 sand, who, by
 THAT LOW VICE, CURIOSITY,’
 would have increased the motley crowd until
 every wall was scaled, and every street filled,
 for ’us our opinion that more staid away from
 fear of a drenching, than from good prin
 ciple.
 Rum-shops in the vicinity did what might
 be called a smashing business. Smoking was
 very common in the crowd, a thing very unu
 sual in our streets.
 In passing Leverctt street to our office, we
 dove into the living sea, and floated with
 them. We picked up some drift wood. We
 will give a stick or two.
 One man expressed deep regret that that
 d d Spear couldn’t have been strung up
 with him.
 Another said, If old Wright of the Gran
 nytype’ could be swung up, he’d pay the ex
 pense of the deed. We feel duly grateful for
 the compliment.
 The most appropriate act that came under
 our observation during the day was by Mr.
 Chase, the Daguerreotypist, who closed his
 place of business, shrouding it in crape, and
 issued a handbill, stating that a brother was
 to he hung, and that he should do no business
 during the. day.
Terrible time in South Carolina.—
 There has been a great convention At Colum
 bia, in the kingdom of South Carolina, to
 take into consideration the grievances and
 dangers of the South,” in reference to the
 slavery question. Resolutions of the most
 chivalrous character were passed. One of
 them requests the Governor of the State to
 convene the Legislature on the passage of the
 Wilraot Proviso by Congress, or a bill for the
 abolition of slavery in the District of Colum
 bia. What would be the next thing done, we
 are not informed —doubtless something dread
 ful. We infer this from the following para
 graph in the Charleston Mercury. It says—
 Let the insulting and insufferable aggres
 sions of Free LJ»r and 4 Free Soilere be
 met with the sward, instead of stale 4 Resolves'
 about our rights as guaranteed by the Consti
 tution, w hich they contemn and despise.”
 Allah be praised we Rhode Islanders are
 measurably secuie on account of distance,
 from the clutches of these tenible fellows;
 but if they should come, we hope Gov. An
 thony will order out them big guns.— Prat.
 Transcript.
 The Overflow at New-Orleaas.
 The water in the rear of the city is still
 advancing toward the river. During the
 twenty-four hours ending about 9 o'clock last
 evening, there was a rise of three to four
 inches, and from the time the rise commenced
 on Sunday mormug, to 3 o’clock yesterday,
 a water guage showed a rise of 9 1-9 inches.
 This depth of water rapidly spreads over a
 surface as nearly level as the ground upon
 which New-Orleans is built, and the inunda
 tion, in the district north of the New Canal,
 has penetrated far beyond the eeoter of the
 city. All the streets, from the canal to Corn
 mom st. aie completely covered, as low as
 Circus-st, and some of them are nearly so, as
 far as Phillippa-st. Common and Canal sts.
 are almost navigable fo Carondelet-st. and be
 low Canal,»s far as St. Louis-st. the inunda
 tion extends very newly to Bourboo-st. Be
 yond that, the ground being high, the flood is
 bounded by a line from the intersection of St.
 Louis and Dauphin sts. to the Old Basin,
 and below, is entirely free of water. Our
 citizens need scarcely b told that the great
 and rapid rise which baa taken place in tbs
 last few daya, incresses the number of suffer
 ers in the rear of the city, and adds vastly iff
 the losses sod distress uf those who werp
 already victims of the calamity—(A- O.
 Delta, *23 H.
 The Saul* Ceevasce.—We visited the
 Crevasse yesterday afternoon, and wo mast
 ny that the appearance of things there bes
 peaks anything but a speedy prospect of stop
 wnTthe breads. The force st work seemed
 aiuguiarly small, when we take into e nasi Jen
 lioo the vast interests at stake, and the terri
 ble suffering and loss that every how the
 Crevasse remains open, entails on the whole
 cay .—.V. O. Deha. 23d.
 Beware of Smaxss.—the overflow has
 brought Ivfl*? numbers of snakes and other
 reptiles from the swamp op into the street*.
 Conger Snakes, the mom venoms known
 m this country, bate been seen in the water
 in several places nothin the last few days.
 tP d we learned from good authority lam
 evening that a Utils girl, while wading in the
 water in fonboorg Trams, h*.
 was bitten by something which she did act
 ana, and died m »»ew hoars afterwards
 07
Commercial.
Rocat rrs*. J«eb *WI
 la rmmtf wn tmnW «»*h A** *"*h.
 Mi c»—tfi-ndy me bare \m* mm* arrimle of
 Wheat. The rale* W Fhw Mr Ohio
 9MM4JH aad (i«aR Wferal m m*o* t*»**l-
 Cm 89r, Mi odwr gniv as iju»i hi wmk.
 PraTmo** are pknUr, hat oat mmh dwria*. B*-
 t*r I. anivH« fmK aad .eels at 10c. The break
 at the East ha* detaiard boat* sioca Taraday last.
 lachMtcr WMmle Pncca Carreat.
 FI.OUR a** MRAL-Daty F
 FVar.fW 4 ”*l2
 Com ■al.flxi
 PiUlVlSlONS.—Dary;B*ef.Parh.l£»*. BaeM,
 a«i Uri,» rc Ok*-» y e «al ml
 Pork, (a***) 11 *ll2
 Do- h«C lM J jj,
 Beef.ewt. f J 2
 Do. bbL (mm,) .7» J
 L«ri (tried) •HJ
 Do. (leaf,)
 Haau, (aaoked)
 10 1 i?
 Batter
 cw ft J
 Tarkey* F J{
 GRAIN—Daty; 10 F e ad ml
 WW.boeh i iji
 Cora
 Rj.
 SSU 50 ..53
 HIDES-Doty; ipctdnl
 Slaughter
 Calf ..10
 Sheep Pehs 40 0 75
 SEEDS—Dwy; LamtadlOF®; Mustard 30 F
 c ad ml
 Clorer .3 75 0500
 Timothy 150 j®
 Flax 100
 FlSH—Datv on foreign caught; 20 oead ml
 Whitefish'bbl SOO
 Codfish cwt S 25
 SUNDRIES—
 Sah. r bbl 1 06
 Apples, F bus 50
 Do. dried hash. 0 62
 Km f p dot 10
 Beans, 0 bosh 0 62
 Hay, 0 ton 7 00 11 00
 Hard wood 3 30
 Soft Wood
'SUmtrtistinentß.
JOB PRINTING.
 THE NORTH STAR OFFICE, i* furnished
 with *'w Job Type, lor the execution of every
 description of Printing with neatness and despatch",
 at the lowest prices for cash, viz.:
 Hand-bills, Blanks, Bill-heads,
 Programmes, Circular*, Bills of Lading,
 Pamphlets, Cards, Labels, &amp;r.
 Narrative of the life of Freder
 ick DOUGLASS, w ritten by himself, to be
 had at this office, price 30 cents.
 Aatislavery officeand Reading Room,
 No. 25 Buffalo St. Rochester, opposite the Arcade.
 THIS office has been newly stocked with the
 latest and best works on slavery and other moral
 questions. Among them are the Young Abolitionist
 —Poverty its illegal causes and legal cure—The
 Power of Kindness—The Branded Hand—History
 of the Mexican war—Theodore Parker’s Ser
 mon on J. Q. Adams—do on the Mexicau war—
 do his letters to the People of the United States—
 The Church as it is or the Forlorn hope of Slavery
 —Despotism in America, and Archy Moore.
 I intend to have in connection with office a Cir
 culating Library, as soon as I can get a sufficient
 number of useful and instructive books of a moral
 and scientific character.
 JOHN S. JACOBS.
 Asylum for the Sick who have been con
 fined to their beds from 1 to 20 years.
 DR. HAMILTON’S Hydropathic and Anyalytic
 Asylum, No 217 Exchange Street, opposite the
 Orphan Asylum, Rochester, N.Y. This Institution
 is now firmly established and in successful opera
 tion. The proprietor analyses every disease that is
 admitted there, and applies the natural and appro
 priate remedy. Although water is used in every way
 that is applied in any water-cure establishment in
 the United States, yet the proprietor wishes it to he
 expressly understood that it is not relied on as the only
 or principal lemedy in the treatment of disease sub
 mitted to his care.
 This Establishment is designed for tliat class of
 invalids who have failed to obtain tlieir health by all
 other systems of practice, and are still unable to
 walk or stand on their feet, and are confined to their
 oeds, wearing out a life of misery and suffering with
 qut any hope of ever heing any letter.
 The remedies made use of in this Institution not
 only entirely remove disease hut give increased
 strength and elasticity to the system. Many have
 beenbrought lie re from different parts of the coun
 try, who had neither walked or borne their weight
 on their feet from five to fifteen years; ami some
 who have been unable to dress or undress, or even
 to feed themselves, and in the coarse of a few weeks
 would be walking with the elasticity of youth and
 the quickness of a pedestrian, astonished at them
 selves, and surprising their friends and all who saw
 them when they first came. The treatment of this
 Institution is particularly calculated to remove the
 diseases peculiar to females, such as
 Ist. The falling of the Womb, in ail its stages
 and conditions in patients, from twelve years of age
 up to sixty, and even if they have been confined to
 their beds from one to twenty, unable to stand, walk,
 dress, or undress themselves, or even too feeble to
 bear any noise or speak aloud.
 3d. Weakness and Falling of the Bowels; Pain
 in the Side, Shoulders, Back and Head* Spinal i
 Diseases, Liver Complaints, Sinking Sensation at
 the Stomach, Palpitation ol the Heart, Dyspepsia
 in all its forms and stages, Piles, Costiveness, Di
 arrhoea, Suppression of the Menses, Excessive
 Menstruation, Whites, all Nervous Diseases, Cold
 Feet and i I ands, St. Anthony’s Dance, Tetters of
 all kinds, Salt Rheum, in its woist forms, Neural
 gia, Tic Douloureux, Rheumatism, Consumptiod in
 its first stages, General Weakness and Debility.
 The proprietor has given his whole attention to
 the above diseases for the last ten years, and has
 treated them in an entirely different way from any
 other private practice or public institution in tins
 country; and such has been his success, and so cer- 1
 tain are his remedies in their effects on those dis
 eases, that instead of publishing a long list of cer
 tiffed cares, he wishes to aive that class of invalids
 seeking to obtain their health a sufficient guarantee
 against any false pretensions, exaggeration, impo
 sition or deception, so that no one need be to am
 expense in this Imtitiaioo without being bonefitetf.
 The proprietor will eater into a special contract
 with any one who wishes to do so, that'he will ad-
 ■nt into the Institution, to advance the money and
 pay nil the expenses from any part of the United j
 States here and hack home again, before he com-
 mencesthr treatment, and give a bond to board them,
 together with his professional services, for nothing,
 if he does not help them according to contract. Any
 one thinking the above proposition not a sufiiricat
 guarantee against satsrepicaret eliaas and expense
 without receiving equal benefit, can let the proprie
 tor know what will be satisfactory, and it shall lie
 dulv cm sidered.
 This Institution has grown up from private prac
 tice by the iaffaenre of those who have been helped
 here, as nothing has ever been published before;
 and the proprietor meant, that it shall sustain iueL
 by its own merits, or pay the expense of those who
 choose to make a contract ia care of failure. The
 design of this Circular is not to make known the
 cures that have been aaade in this institution, because
 they mast soon be believed; but lo let it be more
 extensively known to the poor ssffirriag invalids
 that have spent hundreds of dollars in trying all
 other systems of practice, and without much or any
 benefit, aad stiff remain confined to their beds from
 five to twenty years, that there is aa Institution
 whose treatment is rtiHsrtmt from any other one the
 United States, aad is particularly adapted to their
 situation, aad can have 4 cost them nothing unless
 thev are materially benefited.
 From the nature of treatment ia this Institution,!
 the number ef patients mast be bssiied, then foie the
 proprietor does not seffeit the patronage ef slight and
 ordinary rises which may beeasifo helped lr&gt; ether
 systems ef practice; nor does he wsat any one to
 eome, unless they wish to get weff, and are wiffiag
 to he made weff enough to wait from five in (treaty
 miles at a time, aad feffsw 4 sp day after day is
 saeeeeeisa; aad aim wiffiag to bn amde able to ea~
 dare aa math laimr aad fatigue as asost of people
 thatjhl thmamtere^ meansjlmt every
 ia the Analytic IregittLMsTshnJt show by their in
 ad an he enmnl laws ef irpmasd mw*c. mi
 iiMHiinify 4e eepsrieriD over every other dif
 ferent system practice
 reMMfllat -a- so^red^re
few Waicfc aai Jwtfry Uft*
 TOII&gt; KFD7.IE taking ttmmc**** P- rt f r fa
 rilaii—. Ism nmin4 km tfe
 North Nn. !*tMr Street. where hr PT** ,rd
 WHUlfalll tonmaste HI
 Stork IJ—lT«toM»»toi rf
 Kaghdi, Aacinr, li&gt;&lt;i»«til »wi V«ftir*l W
 Cad ««H F.J.l'Wito, Gold Jfcul* and K*?*»
 «»W *w! S«hrrr Pesrih. sVwtoekn id Thunblr#,
 (wiki Hrarcleis, tod F**(t-Ri«r
 r»«i uMrtnmrt, cheap; variety «f Iselir*’ and
 OndMn'f Rw. mr stvfe; AwMc and
 single llntolll* g**W im) (dated l/&gt;cW.»«U P«*.
 brvt qnsliti, S*ilvet i«t !%l C«d» id Choes,
 Fior tolrn, Ac. for t
 TW above and tmrit «rf mher dr*Mm»«ie Uwnb
 wanHa kept is &gt;«r Isumum, M* dfcml «m »w ad
 vantmcreMis term* than wwal; and pnrtirefarh
 desired that the gwris should hr iwwtol. «d
 prtcr.« Mntiiwd, before prrtoiof efaewheve m
 thi* Market.
 Wr —aliiilar m&lt;( keep on Insnd a (tod assort.
 ■M «f Silver Bponn*. »aii —nod a* pure a. -W
 ticMlMk
 Will abo keep an assortment of Aecutderm* and
 other Musical luetnutteats, which will hr *»W w
 low.
 Wr intend to keep good a—ortmem of the be*
 Bnm Eight-day, 9 h«r,toiihn« Clock*, a* f*n
 be few) in this city.—Col toi «er tbrw.
 WATCH REPAIR!XC, v foithfaHy .koto *nd wwr
 nuMed by u experieuced workman.
 F -*"San c.
 p s.—To the Farmers in partioibr wr would
 eire notice, that we hare a r«jrt&gt; of Baromrter*
 which will fire that knowledge of the change* of the
 weather, *o a* to he able to adopt hi* lawmen* to it*
 conation*- Pie »se mil aid examine them, a* ever
 man oogbt to ha e one.
 Bep- 15, 1848- _
 DR. A. CLARK,
 DENTAL SURGEON.
 I would respectfully 'inform We citieen* of Racbesier
 and surrounding country, that I hare moored «ny
 office trom No. 99 Smith’s Arcade to my dwelling
 house No. 92 Monroe Street.
 1 hankfnl lor post favors in the line of my profes
 sion, ami flattering myself that I can give perfect
 satisfaction to all who M*&gt; favor me with their pa
 tronage. I would invite a,t l* ow who ar
 sirtHW of haring operations performed on tlie teeth or
 of haring teeth inserted to rail on me and satisfy
 ,h Mel A. CLARK.
 N B. All operation* performed by me on the
 teeth and Plate Work warranted.
 Rochester. Oct. IS, 1848. j. *f*
 AmoUVs Patttt Wifew-Sasli Lwk.
 THIS article, designed a* a fastener for windows,
 is the most desirable thing of the kind ever in
 rented, and meets with universal favor wherever
 known. All who examine the Lock admire ns
 simplicity and adaptedness to tlie purpose intended.
 The object of this advertisement being to call the
 attention of the public to an examination of its
 merits, the patentee will substitute for any descrip
 tion or endorsement of his own, the follow ing cer
 tificate signed by the Mayor and P.xstmastei of
 Rochester, the First Judge ol Monroe ounty, the
 various hardly are merchants, and other scientific
 and business men of Rochester:
 CERTIFICATE.
 Rochester, Nov. 29, 1848.
 We, tlie undersigned, citizens of Rochester, tie-!
 ing acquainted with tlie Window Sadi Lock re
 cently invented by Mr. Win. E. Arnold, of-this
 city, take pleasure’ in recommending it to the public,
 it being, inonr opinion, decidedly preferable to any j
 other we have ever seen. The principle on which i
 it operates appears to lie correct. Tlie liolt moves
 by it* own weight and yet lies horizontal or nearly
 so, —is only enclosed by a box of Russia sheet-iron, i
 forming a perfect Window Fastener, holding the j
 window up or down, without the aid ot a spring or
 screw. It is adapted to any common sized sash,
 and yvhen put in, which is very quick and easily j
 done, lias no appearance of ever getting out of or-!
 der, and works with tlie most jierfect ease. Tlie
 difficulties w hich necessarily arise from springs, and
 also those that liave Heretofore been made to move
 by their own weight, being entirely obviated in
 this. It only needs to be known to go into general
 se.
 P(i Buchan, L A Ward, Darin* Perrin,
 Ebenezer Watts James P Fogg Duree Forsyth
 E F Church, A S Alexander, A K Amsden.
 Wm Bushncll. J Have*, 8 Moses,
 W W Bryan, R 8 Crampt on J Alexander,
 J C Child, R nibble, Henry Bearl,
 W r m M Sloane, W Longworthy, Lemuc!l Clarke, j
 Isaac Butts, A Mann, A Strong,
 Elliott St Fitch, J E Cheeney, l&gt; A Watson,
 Rufos Keeler, S Richardson, PI-*« r- v.'-Me.
 l.Wanl Smith Samuel Miller. 1...
 Hiram C Smith, 11 Sngget, II liuiiiei
 Cetificate* from D. C. McCalluh and Henry
 Skskl, Distinguished Architect*.
 The tndersigiineil woukl represent, that for the
 last for the last 15 years lie has been familiar with
 tlie various kind* of w indow fastenings which have
 been from time to time 'nvented, all of which have
 lieeu imperfect io some |iart:cutar. 1 have recently
 examined and tested a w indow fastener invented by j
 Wm. E. Arnold, of this city, which for ea-*e of at
 tachment, durability, economy, ami adaptation to
 tlie purpose, exceeds anything of the kind which i
 lias come under my notice. 11. C. Il’CtltP*.
 Rochester, April 35,1849.
 Having examined die Hash Luck recently patent
 ed by Win, E. Arnold, of this city, 1 gave it as
 my opinion, tliat it possesses qualities that render* 1
 it lar superior to any thing of the kind that I have
 yet seen, and tiiat it will so recommend itself to the I
 public and that it will go into general use.
 Henry Seari., Architect.
 Rochester, May, 1840.
 AUBURN and ROCHESTER
 RAIL-ROAD,
 (IHANOE IN TIME.—Tlie trains will commence
 J to leave Rochester to-day at the follow ing time i
 Eastward —at 1 a. *.,B| a. w., 1 p. 7|p.m. j
 Westward—at 4£ a. x., 9 a.x., 2J f. a. 7 r.m. i
 Rochester, December 5, 1848. I
 “Every Mai Ills ©w» Physiclaii/* 1
 THE HOME DOCTOR.
 JUST PUBLISHED, a new ami valuable hook
 for every family in the country, and one that may
 be consulted with perfect safety. A* its title page
 indicates, it is “THE HOME fIOCTOR, or 1 amily
 Manual, giving the causes, symptom* anil treatment
 of Diseases; with an e count of the system while in
 health, ami rules for reserving tiiat »ttte. Appen
 ded to which are recipe* for making various medi
 cine* ami at tide* for diet for the sick room. The
 whole written for general use and dailyjjiracttce, by
 Joint B. Newman, -M. V
 Also, accompanying du* Iwok, or separate, is I
 “THE HERB a l«ok devoted exclusively
 to Herbs, giving their names, varieties, &lt;te script ion,'
 medical properties ami doses, use, time of gatheritig,
 and many other direction* very useful for every fam- j
 ily to know, ami written exjire**ly for family use.” i
 ’Tin* Herb Book is devoted solely u&gt; i‘&lt;y*tar MM
 c/U Botany, and will fonosh on that point all the
 mired information waoteil for general use.*’
 17k two book* are put op and buuwt togetiior and
 contain 290 pages, jith c 25 cents, or soft separate
 at 12} cent*.
 Tim symptom* ot'eac!i diseswe are rarcfoHy given
 to tnat one may be recognized from another, to pki‘ I
 veal practising in the dark; ako the treatment ,g
 sketch of general physiology, ami rules for keepser
 in health, together with obaervatimis on iheircausne,
 mean* of avoiding deleterious iutinence*, ami *nue
 other remark* as are deemed appropriate, for b*^l;
 maU and female.
 The hook ha* been wriueu with great care, in a
 plain, stoipic, ujumoa-mntt ttylr easily to he od
 der stood fay every person, and by a practical physi-'
 emu attl a thorough botanist. We can rmsunrwl
 it with entire confidence, as (King a work superior
 in aU respect* to any other (wok of the kind ever
 published at the price.
 Families in the couatfx,and especially those Uv-i
 ing in new countries and unbeakay eiimates, shouhl
 aot foil to procure a copy hare it at ah times at I
 hand, in ease of sickness a* they might ibertfay by
 some simple remedy save aw expensive and protrae
 tod doctors biU. Whether well m ■*rk, such a book j
 should he in every house ac a *a (e and sure adviser
 in time of need, the direction given for perrons in
 health cannot be bso vtrirth attended to liy aU.
 The price at which the hook is sold u so low Wat'
 every Usnh mi have a Copy, and noue shnuM he
 without it.
 I la- book is put up ia Paper Isoding, and can
 easily he sent by aaul. Pettag*- only $t cent* to any
 ■art of the United Btaier.
 QO Any pensn sending m &gt;to &lt;fe//ar U mail, and
 pnd paying postage oa the Inter, shall hare four
 copies seat him fret tffmu^e.
 Bead w )&lt;mr orders., there is m» rnA im teadtag
 UMitoy by stall, a comes m ,fa„h and the books
 always reach ihTr fosiuusw.
 QCrFmw families can ekffi together and send a
 *h»«a r foßjand have four hooks sent w ene address.
 WANTED—Agents ia tnset of the States to tefi
 ffiw work, ahaort every family wi» purchase it if
 earemd tothewdsoca. A tmalcapitalef&amp;wm
 in ff© yriii be naawrary for each fat, Addies*.
 geo. w. rwriFii,
 AMI.IB4©. Exchange -ti, Rochester, Y
 GENTEEL BOARDING HOV»E.
 pHAILER HlGHtGATE,’would mm*****
 form Imfrfoadsand ffig
 f 18l Wifv |r
TtoDMftrt* j Stop,
 9 At S» 48 Futkmmge RmJmakir
 Lloyd scott, u*
 i«"W bun, wwwU tMptuUk MmTS.
 V hn. rweatk
 rf Hr*’*. WoMi’i, and UttUtmV X«* n 4
 .SmaH has*t apparel. f» addition to tht* depart
 ment hr *il bar mml ddH and INavn Kan»*
 twre, Ri«A«, Jewelry, F»»n art fete*. Martaok.l
 ial agncohmal and indre*l »M 'ha**
 nriw odd* tad r*t»” rf which aay M V
 mihly tiuained *1 uthrr phi re a. It i«k« iat&gt;«iio*
 t*. kwp TV (HI farnaatv j*htp” l*«aW
 w ith rwfltta rarieey of artirlr* fee which be will
 p»v UWaih aad Hiqswr of at MiuhdWT prKW.
 tothing rrpnirrd awl rr novated with wilww
 •kwMtdi.
 •fow* («|M -»TV OM (Vnht BV’-
 R«V«er March IM9
Sr*w4 Okfcrmlk* .—FritHm**
 Inul JiMlff.
 T HK ,.‘v M,&lt;T r f W lmim E**«r« *rn.
 j. Will he celebrated at the ttty of Bwfelo &lt;m thr
 Firw.by of Augmt ue\	 Grind mad em/ewmve
 prepnratioa* arc being mudr to mV it oar '4 the
 IWW* hrillMAt dairy upon record. A general m
 nett ton is given to alt Freedom'* Friewd* t
 not tV State and eWwheee.
 oar oar* roar ad!
 GEORGE WEIR, Jr..
 Be*&gt; of Comnuttrr of Anwagioorota
Oalral Grsto If If Araik*. Fm
 lissat jßtilet. i.
 T HE B«»»»W*arv ot' Went India Emaao au„,
 1 will be celebrafed in tV city of Auburn*** tV
 p «ii]r wf An|w( mt. KxkßttTF pcrnintiotfl
 arr bring ma.k* to make it oar of tV moat InlUaM
 affaire upon rmd. A steoeral invitation i* given
 to all r rmfom I- riend* throughout thr Bta.tr and
 elsewhere. Cone &lt;dd and young? maw onr come
 all* J. W. QUINCY.
 Sec. of Com. of Arrangement*.
 May 11, 1849.
ROSTOV ADVERTISEMENTS.
HOME FOR REFORMERS.
 THE subscriber lias removed to that neat, Move
 ment, and central hoard tag-house, No. 2$ Centre
 Court, where hr w ill hr moat Inppt tn wrlnwir vure
 of the Friends of Reform. at rrueonutde rlutges.—
 He wishes his house to le thr central place in Bo&gt;
 ton, where the friends ofTemperance. Peace, Purity
 Freedom, the Prisoner. Ac., may meet together,*—
 enjoy a comfortable and quiet bnim*.
 Central Court opens at 238 Washington street.
 JOHN M. SPEAK
 Boston, \ug, 21. 1848.
 THOMAS SMITH. No. 38. Braille Street
 1. sign ot tlie Golden Ball, New ami Second
 hand Clothing Store.
 The fflassachßsetts Qiarlfrl) Reflew,
 4AOMMENC ED ou tlie first of IkvomUr, 1847,
 to lie continued on the Ist of March, June and
 ami Septemlier. It w ill hr devoted to the interest
 of no |&gt;urly or class, but its conductor* u ill emlea
 vor to present an open and fair field for tlte notice
 ami discussion of matters pertaining to Pbilosoph)
 Politics. Literature, Religion, ami Humanity.
 I la* Review will lie condueteil by R. Y\ Etner
 son, Themlote Parker, ami J. Elliot' Cabot, assisted
 by several otlier gentlemen.
 Each number will contain about 125 page*, at the
 price of 83 a year, in advance.
 Communications, subscriptions, should I*
 addressed to tlie Publishers,
 COOLIDGE WILEY,
 12, Water Street, Boston
 ROBERT MORRIS, J RAttorney and C«uo
 selUir at laiw, Bra«*r’s Building, "Slate Street
 Boston.
 JOHN D. REVALEOX, Hair Cutting Saloon
 ami Perfumery Emporium, 114, Blnckstour-s
NEW 10RK ARVKRTISE.fiEATS,
1 ALLIS A. POTTER’S Ready Made Clothing
 J Store, 91 Canal Street, lie tween Church Street
 and West Broad wax, New York. Also—A Gen
 eral Assortment of Gentlemen’s Furnishing Ynicle**.
 constantly on hand.
 May 18, 1849.
JUST PUBLISHED, and for sale at the office ot
 of the Anti Slavery Standard—
 The Legion of Liberty, and Force of Truth, 10th
 edition.
 This work contains about 230 |Mges of c1..,-,
 reading; 900 eminent autliorities, ami about sixty
 illustrative engravings. Price 37$ cts. in muslin,
 and 25 cents in pajier covers. A vet v liberal dis
 count to tlmse who purcliasc a nuniU*r of copies.
 1 lie Comlitiou, luffuence, Rights, ami A|ipeal of
 Women, from various authors, 12$ cents.
 Letter Ui the People of the United States, touching
 the Matter ot Slavery. By Theodore Parker.—
 pp. 120. Price 18| cents.
 Wm. W. Brown’s lecture lie fore the Female A S.
 Society of Salem, Mass. Reported by H. M.
 Parkhurst, Boston —pp. 22. Price 5 rents.
olorf4 SaiUrs* Hmi(,
 330, Pearl Street Nets York.
 FRIENDS of the slave, ami strangers on a visit
 to New York, can now be accommodated with
 as good Board,ami at as lowa price as in any other
 liotwe in the city. The house is large and con
 venient; will bold comfortably seventy persons.
 Families can have private rooms, and every atten
 tion paid to their romfoit. WM. P, POWELL.
 May 11, 1849.
 DR. J M CUNF, SMITH, 93, West Broad
 way.
 MILS. PETTIT would respectfully inform tier
 Friends and tlie Pubtir, that «he ha* removed
 from 150 to a commodious house No. 102, Church
 Street, wlierc site will continue to entertain reaperi
 able colored persons with Bonrd ami Isidgiug.
 New York, May 11, 1849.
PHILADELPHIA ADV ERTIHEfI’TS.
General litelllffeice Office.
 GEO. W. (JOINEH having opened an Establish
 ment at the pHILADV.f.PHIA InsTITITt,
 IsMiiiard Street, above Seventh, for the purpose ol
 procuring honest and taithfol dmnestirs for tho-e
 who may rerpiire them, and obtaining places k*
 -och a* are qualified and in want thereof, beg* leave
 to refer to the following named gentlemen, who have
 kindly |iermitte&lt;l the use of their name* a*
 Kmm:sm
 Andrew M’Makut Editor of the American (Win
 Robert Morris, Editor of tV lmjuirer
 Jasper Harding, Publisher of the Inquirer
 Charles J. Peterson, Islilor of Neal’s (iawtir
 Tbos. B. Florence, Kdilur of Time* and Key- tone
 Robert Howell, 88, fVsont Street
 I fill mm J. Mullen, 278. Catherine Street.
 Philadelphia, Sept. 1, 1848 &gt;y—Jtt.
DR. D. J. PECK, Physic mo amt Surgeon, Phi
 lnstitute, Isanhnrd Street.
 Seventh. iy~ ,4*
FREE PRODUCE STORE.
 NEW fJOODB j**t rented. Ctwni mW (w
 fil pTR 4^.
 I*i«ar 4-4 Print#, fVM Myk».
 New of Prktf* of iwfi— qaa% tM «u*l width.
 **»|*r MoW. AU, (U «*d
 Lament*.
 Cl VVTJ f lkm tae CWi I wtavilaM
 OJ thaiu.
 rfaitart* X oud *«rt rhc**,. Aim oa kind, moaiJy at
 rt pr»e*«, (imfMMi, nririko qwlitiw mu-I
 Fiifc ami kr+Tj Hbirtia*. **rrt lo md P.ttoa
 rawM.
 Htnpwl Caatarira. K.ur (M PUid M aiiia.
 MtttU* de 1-uar, plain aad nraik igared. off ».».i
 Uommi, warranted five from e*tum.
 Flannel* 4-4 good ami prire i&gt;»a. 4 'anum IfciAwt.
 •kite and r»brd,
 Table liiaptf and llnda,of A'Srrtmt MtW.'
 A|ir«i« and Familiar* Hndi. CiMm Namlkr*r’Uirf-.
 Cottoa Tailfe.l Pji«ulm.m Hti*.. I-**-*-
 iHitliaf, iw.
 aad half tin**, 6a* turn! brany.
 Knitting C«iiua, xmtmmm Non., MricheJ, Unmm,
 mbwd.
 Wadding, a bite aad r.dumd C*W la»r. AW,
 Refined UT, traded, aad PahrertewJ #agar.
 Bnma Harar, rw d of ranoa.plain.
 Tk aii.dr ««A r«laiidji .Tw» lab* (mi!
 to thick ife Habnrrda* atab
 of —a— 7 anarbaaia, a* »Ml aa W irroi. and iw
 •ItßEfc—a, a. laaan of ilr
 Prnrtorr AwKiMai, to IwlM lb* WllUllw to
 u^_ r tha o. iaia boa taw* to time.
 UKORUK TAYIAJK,
 .Taw* 1 T?
pHARLEft JONFR, flat* g« a
 t North 4M, Utainw IfSh mUlLih S
 Market aad Aftb kU**U» Ittihfctehm
 *zss Sts*
 m mriAjji,
 Mi«, m
