not heard. ft is alt fab* thi.» talk about tfi«*
 invincibility of prejudice against color. It
 any of you have ft, and no doubfl hhdo of
 you hare, I will tell you how to get ndoi it.
 Commenoe to do something to elevate, and
 improve and enlighten the colored m*m, *»d
 vour prejudice will begin to vanish. Ihe
 more you try to make a man of the bhnt
 man. the mote you will begin to think him a
 man.
 [Mr. D. here related an,anecdote of hi*
 having visited, several years ago. the town
 of Pittsfield, for the purpose of lecturing.
 He was invited to the house of a friend, an
 aoti-alavery man. but who was filled with the
 prejudice against color. Tins man allowed
 him to w alk to the place of the lecture with
 out offering to take him into his carriage, and
 theo left him. after the afternoon meeting, to
 come home alone. While standing there, it
 came up to rain, and the Hon. a
 pro-slavery man. invited him into his house.
 The children, on seeing him cntei, cried
 •Nigger,' nigger,' and fled, and the whole
 family treated him with coldness. Deter
 mined to overcome it. he complained of a
 hoarseness, with which he was affected, and
 uked Mrs.—if she would be kind euough to
 give him a glass of cold water, with a little
 sugar in it, to relievohis cold. Mr*.—brought
 the articles, and Mr. i). thanked her, lie said,
 with a «wimming heart; and from that mo
 ment, her coldness and formality were gone,
 and he was invited, f whenever he visited
 Pittsfield again, u« make his stay at their
 house.)
 Mr. Garrison desired to, make a rental k.
 with reference to the exclamation of the children
 on the approach of Mr. Douglass. ‘There
 a nigger in the house,’ and their precipuaie
 flight. It was the same kind of feeling that
 was evinced on another occasion. When
 Mungo Park, the celebrated English traveller,
 visited Africa, he found himself, at a certain
 period, in a village where the inhabitants had
 never seen a white person before. On going
 into one of the huts, the children who saw
 him enter, exhibited great trepidation, and
 ran out with all possible expedition, crying,
 ‘The devil the devil (Great laughter.)
 Mr. Douglass. It is a poor rule that won't
 work both ways. (Laughter and applause.)
 Most people think their Lord is like them
 selves. A certain very pious man was horri
 bly shocked by hearing an abolitionist say,
 that the negro was made in the image of
 God. The Lord is in their image, they seem
 to think, aud the devil in the image of the
 black man. (laughter.)
 I desire to bear my testimony, after hear
 ing the eulogv pronounced by Mr. Garrison,
 with regard to our departed brother and co
 laborer, John Murray, of Scotland. About
 three years ago, 1 had the pleasure of bidding
 that noble man farewell on the shores of
 Scotland and I retnemlier well the deep in
 terest he took m the anti-slavery questions of
 this country. His last battle in behalf of the
 slave was with the F ee Church of Scotland;
 and while he lived, that Church, lor its alli
 ance v'itb slaveholders —for receiving their
 money into its treasury, and extending to
 them its fellowship in return —obtained no
 repose. He bore a noble testimony against
 it; he had home a noble testimony against
 slavery before. For the last twenty-eight
 years, John Murray stood up in Scotland, the
 firm, the untiring, the devoted friend of the
 slave. There are two or three colored per
 rons, at least, now in this Hall, who have
 shared his generous hospitality, and received
 his lieaity ‘God-speed,’ in their endeavors to
 break- down slavery and prejudice against
 color in this country, by creating a public
 sentiment on that side of the Atlantic that
 should react in favor of human liberty here.
 I have no inure lo say respecting this good
 man his consistent and irreproachable char
 acter is his best eulogy.
 Some one asked me lo sav a word
 about General Worth. I only know General
 Worth by his acts in Mexico and elsew here, j
 in the service of this slaveholding and slave- j
 trading government. 1 know why that ques
 tion is put: it i&gt;- b* cause one of youf city
 papers, which does not rise to the dignity of
 being called a pa|«?i —a sheet of the basest
 sort —has said that my longue ought to be
 cut out by ita roots, because, upon hearing ol
 the death of that man, I made use of the re
 mark—(it ir not stated in A'hat connection I
 made it, or where,) —that another legalized
 murderer had gone to his account. I say so
 yet 7 (Loud cheering and some hisses.) I
 will not undertake to defend what 1 then said,j
 or to show up his character or history. Nou
 know as well as I do, ttiat l aneuil Hall has
 resounded with echoing applause of a denun-j
 ciation of the Mexican war, as a murderous
 war—as a war against the lice States—as a
 war against freedom, against the negro, and
 against the interests of the workingmen of
 this country —and as a means of extending
 that great evil and damning curse, negro
 slavery. (Immense* applause.) Why may
 not the oppressed say, when an oppressor is
 dead, either by disease or by the hand of the
 foeman on the battle-field, that there is one
 the less of his oppressors left on earth 7 For
 my part, I would not care if, to-morrow i
 should hear of the death of every man who
 engaged in that bloody war in Mexico, and
 that every man had met the fate he went
 there to perpctraie upon unoffending Mexi
 cans. (Applause and hisses.)
 A woid more. There are three milltousofj
 slaves in this land, held bv the U. S. Govern-j
 merit, under the sanction oi the Amencatil
 Constitution, with all the compromises and:
 guaranties contained in that instrument in
 favor of the slave system. Among those'
 guaranties and compromises is one by which j
 vou, the citizens ot Boston, have sworn, be
 tore God, that three millions of slaves shall'
 be slaves or die—that your swords and bayo-'
 nets and arms shall, at any time at the bid
 ding of the slaveholder, through the legal
 magistrate or governor of a slave fMaw, lie
 at his service in putting down the slaves.
 With eighteen millions of freemen standing
 upon the quivering hearts of three millions of
 slaves, my sympathies, of course, must be
 with the oppressed. lam among them, and
 you are treading them beneath your feet.
 The weight of vour influence, numbers, polit
 ical combinations and religious organizations,
 and the pow er of your arms, rest heavily upon
 them, and serve at this moment to keep them
 in their chains. When I consider their con
 dition —the history of the American people—
 how they hared their bosoms to the storm of
 British artillery, in order to nsist simply a
 three-penny tea tax, audio assert their inde
 pendence of the mother Country—l say, in
 view of these things, I should welcome the
 intelligence Uwiiorrow,should it come, that
 ihe slaves had risen in the South, and that
 the sable arms which had been engaged in
 beautifying and adorning tho South, were
 engaged lit spreading death and devastation
 there. (Marked sensation.) There isastate
 of war at the South, at this moment. The 1
 slaveholder is waging a waroi aggression on
 the oppressed. The slaves are now under
 his feet. Why, &gt;ou welcomed the intelli
 gence from France, that Gnus Philippe had
 been barricaded in Pans —you threw up youi
 naps in honor of the victory achieved by Re
 publicanism over Royally you shouted
 aloud— ‘Long live the republic'*—and joined
 heartily m the watchword of‘Liberty, Equals*
 ty, Fraternity’—and should you not hail, 1
 with equal pleasure, the tiding* trout the
 South, that toe slave had risen, and achieved
 lor himaelf, *ga»nrt ‘he iron-hearted slave
 holder what the republicans of France
 achieved against the royalists of France
 (Greatapplauae, and some hissing.)
 Wat d II Phillips then took the platform,
 and spoke, in substance, as follows
 Mr. Chairman,—The fuend who has just
 pieceded me belongs to a race usually dev
 cribed as 'degraded, inferior, i ask sou,
 fellow citizens, with no idea of compliment
 *ng iura, but in tho utmost sincerity, which
 of the men that ymi are accustomed to con
 sider moat eloquent m Massachusetts, would
 willingly follow that speech, and venture a
 comparison w ith ii, white man and educated
 though he bt 1 Vou ask us what we have
 done in the anti-slavery enterprise' If we
 had done nothing else, it is sufficient merit.
that we have taken Frederick Douglas* from
 U Maryland plantation, and placed him on
 the platform of Faneuil Hall. (.Applause.)
 (Jod gave him h» eloquence —a coal from bia
 j own attar hat we. at least, can elaim that,
 through oui efforts, he ha* an audience in
 Massachusetts.
 1 have spent many yean in speaking on
 this question of slavery to my foltnw-ct.tzen*;
 but, if I had done nothing else hat to perform
 ‘he humble office of being a ccanecting link
 between the electricity of mat eloquent spirit,
 and the humanity and religion of Christen
 dom, so that in its focus the broad pretensions
 of American religion and regard for liberty
 shall be shrivelled up, and pa as, awav, I shall
 feel. at least that I have not lin'd in vain.
 It is the slave, the fugitive slave from the
 j plantation, whose tongue, inspued by opptes
 ►ion, speaks m«*t forcibly to the American
 people, *i
 I know you may charge roe with exaggera
 tion but I want you to look at one man, atj
 j least. Here is a man, who haa tome into
 Bostoo, into Massachusetts, a fugitive. [Mr.;
 Henry Box Brown, the escaped clave, here
 came upon the platform, and was received j
 with hearty applauae. j This man came from
 the slave plantations at the South, in the
 box .o w hich my friend referred at the com
 mencement of the meeting and he tells us
 that, when the bux waa turned up*,ide down,
 lor Niroe twenty miles, and he felt the blood
 rushing downward with suffocating power
 into fits head, he resalved that he would die
 i there, before uttering a sound that would be
 tray him. (Opera.)
 Fellow-citizens, we stand in Faneuil Hall;
 and we boast that those men, whose portraits!
 are suspended around us, were our fathers.
 But blood does not make the most real paren
 tage. 1 ask you. lovers of freedom, who, in;
 the year IB4tt, is the nearer child of Hancock j
 and Adams, in venturing every thing for*
 liberty, this man or ourselves? O, when histo
 ry goes up and down this generation hereafter,
 to touch this ai d the other head with the'
 torch of immortality, do you think our names
 will be remembered we, who may have
 pa.v&gt;ed our lives reputably, decently, and at
 ease 7 No; when we shall rot in the common
 sod, the romance, the deep and thrilling in
 terest of the corning generation, will hnget
 about those who, alone against a whole peo
 ple, have dared everv thing for liberty. These
 are the Tells and the Rolands, the true heroes
 of story and song. (Applause.)
 You have all of you been reading Mac
 aulay. The press could not pour out its pages
 last enough for you. You admired the en*.
 durance oi Elizabeth (Jaunt and John, Duke
 of Argvle! Why, every pulpit in thecount
 rv was pregnant with petitions for them. The
 spectator that clustered around them bade!
 them God-speed, in spite of Jeffries and the
 hangman. The sympathies of England sus- 1
 tamed them in their trials. Hall the land
 was on its knees in their behalf. Here was
 man suffocating—about to die—and he knew
 if he died, there was hardly one press, from!
 Maine to Georgia, but would regard his'foalh
 j with scorn; that there was hardly a pulpit
 that would put up a petition in behall of him
 self or the swarming millions of his oppres- j
 xed countrymen, no matter the devotion and
 self-sacrifice they might evince —yet he dared
 to die alone and unpitied, for liberty. (Ap
 plause.) He took ins life in his hand—look
 ed in the faces of the w hite race around him,
 saw m none the lines of sympathy or tear of
 pity —and yet he shrank not. We say, in!
 behalf of this man, whom God created, and
 whom law-abiding Webster and Winthrop
 swore should find no shelter on the soil of'
 Massachusetts —we sav that they may make;
 their little motions, and pass their little laws, j
 in Washington, but that FANEUIL HALL
 REPEALS THEM, in the name of the hu-j
 inanity of Massachusetts. (Great applause.)
 What shall history tell of Winthrop and
 Webster 7 Winthrop built the Custom i
 House by Ins diligence in speech-making, and
 Webster built the nulls at Ixiw ell by his well-,
 remunerated toil. There stands the man,j
 (pointing to Mr. Garrison,) who made us
 able to say, with some little share of truth,
 —Slaves cannot breathe in Massachusetts j
 [They touch otu country
 I fall 7 (Applause.) are:
 a law-abiding people. Let him come and
 j try in the case of these “fugitives. Jjet him
 get Henry Brown from the fangs of the abo
 litionists, if cqn (Cheers.) Give us the
 Bible fora text-book, and Faneuil Hall for a
 pulpit, and wc will yet control the moral
 sentiment of this nation, though we give you
 the odds of thirty thousand pro-slavery minis
 ters. (Cheers.)
 Now, fnends, we draw to the close of this
 Convention, it falls to my lot, at this late
 hour, to a say few dosing words to those who
 have come to listen to its deliberations. You
 may have thought that we were extravagant
 and mi reasonable in argument; but we spoke
 our hearty convictions —we spoke the truth.
 You entered the religious anniversary meet
 ings, and you saw the platforn crowded with
 the wellrfed, the well-paid, the respectable
 cletgy of Massachusetts. It is natural they!
 should speak well of the institution which
 supports them, and which they support. This
 platform is crowded, but it is with fugitive
 slaves 7 Yes, we gather them by the dozens,
 to-day—fugitives from the Church and State
 of America. (Sensation.)
 We have it stated in a Georgia paper, that
 Eilen Crafts is dead. She is dead to the slave
 institution. You know when a woman enters
 a convent, they change her name, and cut
 her hair; she is considered dead to the com
 munin’ out of which she came, in Catholic
 countries. Well, Ellen Crafts has come to
 Massachusetts she has changed her name;
 she is dead to slavery, and to the country out
 of which slaves come, aud baptized, we trust,
 into a liberty w hich seeks to stay itself on the
 rising humanity of the commonwealth.
 I hold in rnv hand a paper from that savior
 of the slave, Jonathan Walker—the noblest
 hand in Ninerira: that on which your Gov
 ernment has stamped the initials, S. 8—
 Slave Savior, as it should read. It eo mains
 the following resolution:
 Resolved, That we sympathize deeply and
 warmly with those self-sacrificing and devoted
 heroes, who aie now suffering a cruel im
 prisonment in the District of Columbia and
 the several Stales, fur deeds of humanity and j
 justice lo their outraged and downtrodden 1
 brethren.
 ‘Thou shall love tliy neighbor as thyself,’ l
 says the Great Master. Here are the two j
 men who have most pre eminently obeyed the
 command from the Mount. Do you hear any j
 such expressions of sympathy in aDy religious
 gathering in Boston l 1 trow not. 1 have ad-
 ded, on the other side of this resolution, the 1
 following:
 And further, Resolved, That the best way j
 we know of to express efficiently our sympa
 thy and respect, is to labor for the overthrow
 of that Union which builds the dungeon, and
 that t 'hurch which bolts its door.
 Now, friends, and Mr. Chairman, we do
 not make this nation. We are a small band
 of individuals, with hut little influence, and
 w ith but few years over our heads to give os
 time tor influence. This nation and its ioatt
 uitjous have roine out of the bosom of Ameri
 can Christianity &amp;nd American law. All the
 faults we find with them are traceable lo
 these
 Fellow -citizens when such a roan as Fred
 erick Douglass tells you his history, the result
 of A tnerienn prejudice—speaks the honest in
 dignation of hi* race against his wrongs—
 when he tells you of your own conduct to-,
 •'ards him—keep your hands by your shies.
 Hush those echoing plaudit# of yours; keep
 -dent. What right have you to applaud
 \S hat have you done to aid the slave to hu
 liberty 7 \V hat have you dooe to open this
 Hall lor hu welcome None but clean hands
 have the right to welcome oi
 box those only that have labmed to create
 that public sentiment here which slope tts
 couraged him to his hardy attempt. You
 who swear so often personally, sr by deputy,
 to support the laws trout which he fed, why
 do you blest hit flight 7 Caa few fad she) tat
 m any pulpit ui Boston How many 7 On*,
t
 two. or three, alone. Do one of two thtf j
 confom that your hearts blush for deed* y«or
 bands are MI ashamed to do; or go, coin
 yoor plaudit* into statutes, and then we will
 all cry, ‘God sav* the vlsr* sheltering Con
 moriwealth ot Matnsi huutliii
 i Friends, fet me contrast this story of Frtd
 crick Dmigttoa. fo-niftit. with one of the man
 who is so notorious at the preneat moment m
 7 the community. There is a fugitive sitting
 here from St. I»uis—Win. W. Brown. He;
 was sitting in otgppf the ears that run from
 New «&gt;rk to Boston. a fortnight since, when
 j Mac ready entered. The Englishman, fresh
 from the institutions of the mother country,
 waikod up tu the seat where Brown was sit
 ting, sod said—‘May I share this seat with
 you. sir 1 and upon receiving an affirmative
 answer, sat down by him. (Applause.) That
 ts English courtesy snd geniilnv—make the
 best of it' Compare it with the conduct of
 the captam and gentlemen of the steamer
 Aitda toward *Eredenek Douglass and his
 fn :nds, and say which you hke the best. I
 go for the Christianity of the Old World. I
 go for the courtesy ot the mother country. So
 far as my humble inflnence is concerned, I
 mean *o make New England worthy the name
 she bears—to rock her religious bodies till we
 stir them into healthful life. (Cheers.)
 We shall do rt yet. This meeting has been
 attended far more fully and respectably than
 any that has proceeded it. Ob, the times
 b ive changed How much We were first
 addressed, this evening, by the Rev. Samuel
 j J. May, of Syracuse. The time has been
 when that man went before the Legislature of
 Massachusetts, to appeal against fhe recom
 mendation of Edward Everett, that he should
 not be made indictable by common law for
 speaking his thoughts in Boston. Edwaid
 Everett, if up for an office before the people,
 would be glad, now, if litis same Samuel J.
 May would give him a clean bill of health,
 (Laughter,) or if the abolitionists of Massa
 chusetts were to say amen to his nomination.
 We have changed the lone of public sentiment
 greatly or, rather, events have changed it
 for us —at any rate, the fugitive slave selects
 Massachusetts for his residence. She is an
 asylum for the flying bondman, to some ex
 tent. Put that down, then, to our credit.
 What we want of you, fellow citizens, is to
 investigate the questions issue between us as
 abolitionists, and the cburch of New Erie
 land. We have no fear of discussion. We
 want the Church tried by a jury of honest.
 God-fearing men. The verdict, we can
 prophesy,will not fie brought in against tlie
 rights of mankind. Yes, we will even be
 judged by the event—see which side beats in
 the coming ten years. No reputation, how
 ever sanctified by the associations of the past,
 can stand before the rising humanity of the
 people. You uphold the name of Henry Clay
 applaud it to the echo, whenever mention
 ed. Vou do rot overrate his talents. Where
 is the man that can match him in eloquence
 where is ;hc man that could have swept the
 North—its commerce, agriculture, manufac
 tures, into such a mass of admiring enthusi
 asm, as Henry Flay 7 What has made his
 life a wreck, and ruined his political pros
 pects 7 He endeavored to hold the balance
 between the rising feeling of the North and
 the perpetualists of South Carolina. But he
 tailed, and was driven lifce chaff' before the
 onward progress of the American people.
 There never was a greater triumph never
 did simple principle so set up and pull dow’n
 powers, as in these last ten years. Oh, God
 has been among us 7 The follies of our ene
 mies, that have sent these living epistles,
 speaking lo us to-night, among us, have
 wrought the change. Christianity, carried
 out in its true sense, has done the work. Be
 true to it to our great enterprise Re
 deem religion from the pollutions of those
 w’ho undertake lo misrepresent it! Redeem
 liberty from the traitors who go up to Wash
 ington to sacrifice it annually Give us an
 echo from Faneuil Hail, that shall arouse the
 people of the Southern States—not in the
 name of the humanity, but of the Law of
 Massachusetts, that ihese fugitive slaves are
 y*»ur citizens, never to be hooted from tbeu
 adopted soil! (Cheers.)
 Fellow-citizens, whether you tike it or not,
 we*tneao to free ourselves—dean our con
 sciences in this annual meeting, and in the'
 prosecution of this wdtk. &gt;ln that dire tragm
 dv at Alton, where fell the only Anglo Saxi n
 martyr for the liberty of the press within the
 last two hundred years—the inob encouraged
 each other by asking—‘What will they think
 of ns in Boston? That was hut a short time
 after Otis had made his libation to slavery in
 this Hall—when Sprague pointed to Wash
 ington as ‘that slaveholder,’ as if Washing
 ton's great characteristic merit was that ol
 being a slaveholder (Hisses aud applause.)
 Oh let-American history say every thing ot
 Washington, hut that he bought his fellow
 men and when she comes to that blot upon
 the otherwise almost spotless idol of our wor
 ship, let hei place her baud on her lips, and
 her lips in the dust. (Applause.) It was on
 the platform in Faneuil Hall, that an applaud
 ed allusion was made to the only blot on the
 character of Washington. It went forth from
 this hall, as far west as the waters of the
 Mississippi, and the ruthles mob gathered to
 crimson those virgin waters with the noblest i
 blood thftt has ever mingled there. They
 said to each other, as they assembled, what
 will they think of us in Boston 7 It was an
 infamous notoriety and companionship. All
 the meetings which have been held in this
 Hall since, have not blotted that transaction
 out of the history of time. But we will blot'
 it out, fellow-citizens. We will let a voice
 go forth from the State House, in the name,
 of the enacted law of Massachusetts, that
 shall make the world forget that infamous!
 companionship; and it shall find, too, a
 warmer echo than the hanks of the Mjrsis-
 j sippi. It will find an echo in every slave hut 1
 and heart at the South, when breaking from;
 this bloody sisterhood, we welcome every i
 down-trodden bondman to the safe asylum of,
 out soil: that wherever the power of the Old I
 Commonwealth’s example is felt, the slave, j
 I mav feel her mercy too. 4 (Great Cheering.)
 _____
 At the adjourned meeting in the Melodeon,'
 Tuesday evening, May 2tf, Mr. Quincy offer
 -1 ed the following resolution.
 Resolved, That it is our duty to agitate the j
 question of slavery till the soil of New Eng
 land is pure enough to free every man who 1
 sets foot upon it: and meanwhile, we pledge!
 ourselves to trample under foot any law which J
 allows (lie slaveholder to hunt the fugitive!
 slave through our borders, and not only to;
 make New England, so far as in us lies, an
 asylum for the oppressed, but to proclaim the
 fact so loudly that the glad tidings may reach
 every slave hut of the South.
 Mr. Quincy supported the resolution in an l
 able speech, of which the following is a very i
 imperfect report:
 It seems to roe, Mr. President that this res-;
 olution, connected with the concluding words,
 of my-friend Mt. Brown just uttered in our
 ears, forms a pregnant text for discussion at
 this Convention, particularly at this period of
 its proceedings. During this week, this city'
 is thronged as was Jerusalem of old, when i
 some of the high festivals of the Jewish j
 Church were celebrated. Fiom all pans of
 New England, from every portion of our Pal
 estine, from Dan to Beershebs, the High
 Prie.Ma and Levites come up, as H were, to
 the city of their God. They have to come up
 here to strengtbeu each other's hands, to ex
 tend the hues and make strong the stakes of
 their sectarian tabernacles. This city, dunng
 this week, is ciowde’’ with the religion of
 New England—with pastors and their docks
 —with the honorable women—the great
 judges—the learned lawyer*—^the Rabbis—
 and the Pharisees. Why have they thus as
 sembled themselves together? It is, as they
 profess, and as many of them doubtless think,
 to do God acceptably aerates, and o*o*uJt to
 gether as to whai is tb* bum manner v$ which
 “"SskfsilskUi*zfiziE'
 are resounding! with the rshffip w words of
Doctor* «f DmaJj, calling on Ckrisoaas to
 mm win i the heathen, to recollect the desti
 tute of their own bad, aad to coma up to the
 ,belp of the Lotdsgaiaat the toifhty. Aad
 the heart of mxnta u stirred, aad the eyes of
 masbood are wet, when they redact over the
 sufferings of the pagans by the banks of the
 Gaages. and Russ ia the destitute portions of
 the country where the P«»‘ksges a»
 but little known. And ytt, Mr. President,
 wu meet is a place, though consecrated by
 eloquence, rejected and despised by the relig
 ious of the land— [referring to the Melodeon,
 m which Theodore Parker preaches]—the on
 ly place we can find m this city, where we can
 assemble to be Iteard in behalf of the slave.
 Why are we shut on* of every church of every
 dcnominaiioa upon that penin&amp;ub
 What do we see here 7 Men, made in the
 image of God, for whom Christ died; and men
 wbo, in the day of judgement, will be seen
 only in the light of ‘heir souls, snd not ac
 cording to the color of their skins. These im
 mortal beings are here —but how They are
 here, after having threaded wildernesses, and
 swam riven, and after having fought with
 blood-hounds, and escaped the rifles of Ame
 rican Christians. Here they are—one of them
 after haring been confined for many hours,;
 not in a dungeon, but in a coffin—a living
 grave; gladly endured all the agonies of suffo
 cation, of thirst, and of starvation, in hopes
 that he might, peradventure, escape from sla
 ver and pass a remnant of his days in liberty.
 Here is a precious commentary on the
 Christianity of New England! Are these
 men safe in the churches of Boston Would
 they be protected here? The Christianity of
 Boston boasts of being—as it is—a law-abid
 ing Christianity, and, as weal! know from the
 bloody butchery of last week, a law-executing
 Christianity. If Ellen Craft were to fly for
 protection to tbe horns qf the altar of the old
 South Chureh. and if her master, or tbe mat
 sball of the District should come armed with
 the warrant of the District Judge, to tear her
 from those horns, and to take her back to the
 hell of an escaped slave, would the pastor of
 lhat church plant himself before her, and re
 ceive the blows of the slaveholder into his own
 bosom 7 Would not that church, and the
 churches of every denomination, in their ag
 gregate capacity, deliver up Eilen Craft to her
 pursuers, if they came for her according to
 law? What is such a Christianity as that
 worth 7 There is something ennobling in the
 fanaticism which leads the Hindoo to prostrate
 hinuelf before the car of Juggernaut, under a
 mistaken sense of duty; for there is self-sacri
 fice—death incurred from a false sense of duty.
 But what is the fanaticism of the American
 Cburch, which induces her to throw, not heT
 self, but helpless bleeding victims under the
 car of our American Juggernaut, to be crush
 ed to powder!
 Take Wm. W. Brown and William andi
 Ellen Craft, and our friend who escaped in!
 the box, who will presently be introduced to!
 you—take them, and offer them up as sacrifi-'
 ces, look with complacency upon their suffer- j
 ings, and then thank God that we are a law
 abiding people, and that we are not as other
 men are, law-breakere; because that which the j
 law bids us do, we do, and for the ieason, that!
 our fathers saw fit to make a wicked contract
 with the oppressor. I abhor such a •Christi
 anity as that; it is not the Christianity for me.
 The God of such a reltgidfi is not my God.
 The Bible which teaches such a religion is not
 the book in which I read my duty. Sir, 1
 can teach the teachers of such a religion. I
 can better the instructions of such a Bible.
 Mr. President, if you arise at daybreak, you
 may go to the early prayer meeting this week,
 and hear holy men wrestling with God for a
 blessing. Through the day and even until
 the midnight hour, you will be pursued by the
 voices of prayer and exhortation. But prayers
 and exhortations, in which these brethren and
 sisters of ours have no part—in which they
 are not lifted up to a throne of grace. They
 are the Pariahs of this land, and the Brah
 mins pass them by. They may suffer life
 long servitude, their flesh may be bared to
 the paddle and the lash; their souls, according
 to the doctrine of evangelical sects, are going
 down daily into everlasting perdition, for the
 want of the Rtble that is denied them. And
 yet the American clergy and American
 Church are silent, with here and there a rare
 exception.
 Men of Massachusetts, every thing you
 hear and see, to-night, is full of meaning—
 pregnant with thought. When you see these
 men and this woman stand before you, remem
 ber that, by the laws of this land, which bind
 you, as well as the inhabitants of South Car
 olina, they are slaves—the property of other
 men. Remember that they are denied the
 right to read of God, of Christ, in that gospel
 about which so much is heard this holy week,
 in this holy city. Remember that they ate
 condemned by the decision of the American
 people to long-life servitude in this world, and
 to everlasting damnation in the world to come.
 Heavens, sir, what a people is this! What
 a nation of atheists! It almost seems mar-'
 vellous that the fire of heaven delays—that we
 are not consumed as were Sodom and Go
 morrah of old, lor the crimes of this people 7
 Again I ask you to remember, that this is the
 condition to which your laws have reduced
 these victims, and which laws, you, as Ame
 ricans, sustain. Consider whether these laws
 which bind me and you to their support, are
 legitimate laws—laws that will receive the
 sanction of the Most High God—for no other
 laws are binding upon the children of God:
 and in the light of these truths, and iu the
 presence of these witnesses, sw ear that no fu
 gitive slave shall ever be taken from you, and
 that your roof shall be a shelter, your hearth
 a protection, and that you will not rest until
 the slave escaping here, is safe as when he
 lands upon the fast anchored isle, and his fet
 ters dtop from his limbs, and he stands up a
 man. Let Massachusetts become indeed a
 free State—a state where all who inherit it,
 all who ffy to it for protection, shall be recog
 nizedm their humanity/; their rights, as im
 mortal beings, acknowledged, and treated as
 the brethren of men and the children God de
 serve u&gt; be treated. (Applause.)
The Crevasse. —The operations at the
 Crevasse have been partially suspended during
 the last thirty-six hours for the want of ma
 terials, and some farther delay will be experi
 enced in complying with the requisitions of
 Cap. Grant, received yesterday morning.—A-
 mong the items was an order for 150 sapling*,
 which we believe cannot be had near the river
 in this vicinity.
 The Overflow.—The water was rising
 last evening with more rapidity than had char
 acterized its eoeroacbmeuu during the previ
 ous thirty-six hours. Tbe danger below the
 Canal Carondelet and he Old Basin is daily
 becoming more imminent, and the alarm is
 consequently increasing, although every effort
 is being made to strengthen tbe levee of the
 Canal sufficiently to resist the great pressure
 of walei.—The residents on Camp and other
 streets below tbe Melpomeoe Canal are also
 becoming alarmed, and, as will be seen, have
 petitioned the Council to take some action
 to save them from inundation, —Nnr Or. Pic.
 Mth.
Negro Stealihc.--On Tuesday night
 last, a man by the name of Richard Flanoegan
 was caught to the aet of stealing three negto
 slaves, a man and two women, belooging to
 this place. He bad hired two hacks, pet the
 slavts into them, and attempted to cross the
 bridge about 12 o’elock at night. He was
 stopped and committed to jail. —SashrtUe
To ax Hung roa Slave Aeductiohc— 'The
 Court of Appeal* of South Carolina, at Co
 lumbia, have affirmed the judgement of the
 Inferior Court against James Brown, convict
 ed of “negro stealing,’* and he haa received
 sentence of death.
A Singular Tow*.—A correspoodgAof
 the Investtpitor uvi; “The town ofMedWwy.
 N. H., supports neither doctor, lawyer, mio
 i*ter. or paper» It one of the boat farming
 town* in New-Hampnhire, has about ninety
 voters, many of whom are thrifty and weaUby
 fkmm
THE NORTH STAR.
ROCHESTER, JUNE 15, IMP.
AiUJlawr Tamt.
 1 niteijr know where m how to begin to
 narrate my experience done* lb« fof,
 wgh«; and shall probably be equally at a lo»
 to know when or bow to step. A crowd of
 interesting incidents are pressed into the past
 two weeks, aad, although It may exteod this
 article to an almost unreadable length to oar*
 rate the whole, 1 desire thst not ooe of them
 should escape the knowledge of my readers,
 as sll hare an important beating upon the
 cause of justiee sod freedom in which we are
 engaged. This huge old earth of ours, not
 less than life itself, is made up of small parti
 cles. The smallest incidents connected with
 j our Anti-Slavery experience am necessary to
 I the completeness of the whole. Let roe then
 give you a somewhat minute account of my
 tour of the past lortnight, although the narra
 tion may seem somewhat tedious.
 I will commence with Thursday, the twen
 ty-fourth day of May—a day memorable for
 the exhibition of American incivility, rcde
 ness and brutality. In eompany with two
 English ladies, (newly arrived in this country,
 and with whom I became acquainted during
 my sojourn in England, and who have since
 then taken a lively interest in the cause of
 emancipation, and the elevation of the op
 pressed in this land,) 1 took passage from Al
 bany for New York, on the steamboat Alida,
 commanded by Capt. Frederick W. Stone.
 Having paid first class fare, we repaired to the
 saloon deck—the better to view and enjoy the
 vatied am) magnificent scenery, on this the
 most beautiful of all American rivers. There
 were a large number of passengers on board,
 and we were necessarily thrown at times in
 close contact-—although we preferred, in view
 of the savage looks with which we were re
 garded by them, to avoid all conversation.
 Our party, however, was soon joined by the
 Rev. Mr. Williams, of Cincinnati—a Pres
 byterian minister, deeply interested in the
 anti-slavery cause, and who desired to gain
 information respecting the condition of the
 free colored people. Mr. Williams proved
 to be a valuable accession to our circle—being
 the only American on board who had learned
 to esteem a colored man as a man and a
 brother.
 The forenoon passed off pleasantly. My
 English friends were absorbed in contempla
 ting the grandeur and beauty which every
 where rose around them. Though assailed
 with malignant frowns and fiendish grimaces
 from the American ladies and gentlemen it
 was pleasant to have the opportunity of point
 ing out to these strangers some of the splen
 did beauty of American scenery. They had
 often rode and walked with me to see and en
 joy sights curious in works of art, as well as
 natural beauty, while in their own land and
 had been to me devoted friends in a strange
 country and it afforded me great gratifica
 tion to be able in a small measure to recipro
 cate the many attentions which they had so
 kindly extended to roe while in England. Jt
 was easy to see, however, that this very
 pleasure gave rise to bitter feelings of env/ 1
 and hatred among the white American pas
 sengers—who could not see, with patience,
 a colored gentleman enjoying society from
 which they jffre debarred, in some cases, by
 tbeir own waqt of refinement and good man
 uers. A feverish excitement revealed itself
 among them in low and muttering accents,”
 of which of course I was much better in-'
 formed than the kind friends with whom 1 was
 in company. A knowledge of this uncom
 fortable state of mind among the passengers,
 so far from driving me from the side of my
 friends, only served to increase my indiffer
 ence to their self-imposed agony—well know
 ing that the malign spirit within them would
 only be appeased and not expelled by an op
 posite course. We walked and talked to
 gether upon the saloon deck, giving no heed
 to looks or remarks which might be lavished
 upon us. My conduct was governed by what
 1 deemed was becoming a man, without once i
 considering my color, or the estimate which a j
 corrupt and slave-holding people bad set up-'
 on me and, with the help of God, my con-
 duct shall always conform to this high princi
 ple, as the best and ooly means to put to J
 shame and silence the mean and vulgar feel-j
 ing, so often mis-named prejudice against
 color.
 All parties on board, with evident difficulty, j
 restrained their pent-up wrath until noon day.
 Myaeif and friends had taken a very light
 breakfast—and that at a very early hour in
 the morning—and were, therefore, quite pre
 pared for our dinner, even before the usual
 time for dioing and, agreeably to a notice on
 each side of the Captain’s office, that Pas
 sengers can have meals served at ail hours by
 applying to the Steward, in the cabtn," at the
 suggestion of my friends I went below, in
 company with the Rev. Mr. Williams, and j
 ordered dinner—which 1 was informed should j
 be ready soon. 1 went upon the upper deck j
 again, and joined my friends, assuring them j
 that dinner would be readj in a little while.
 At half past twelve o’clock the dinner bell
 sounded, and, as usual on American steamers,
 with a now or never expression, the pas
 sengers rushed to the cabin, and to the tables
 in it. Not wishing to display an undue avid-;
 ity, myself and friends did not join the hun- j
 gry looking throng until most of them had I
 reached the saloon and were comfortably
 seated. Upon entering the cabin we found a
 table comparatively unoccupied—only three
 or four persons seated at ooe end of it. The
 table was covered with empty dishes, sod
 there was no food upon it. Mr. Williams
 was seated on ooe nde, and the ladies on the
 other. I was seated at the end of the table.
 Amoog the white passengers an ominous
 lence prevailed. It was not the silence of
 secret thanksgiving to God for the many mer
 cies sod blessings he had so bountifully be-
 stowed upon them but the silence of a ven
 omous reptile when about to coil itself about
 iu prey to crush and sting it to death or,
 like that of a “Taco,” when carefully ad
 justing his iopn is the top of a tree, with s
 view of strangling the unsuspecting traveler.
 A fiery mahee rankled in their wicked hearts,
 and they only waited for the signal to com
 mence an assault upon myaeif aad friends.
 This signal was soon gives. The Steward
 of the Alida, a white man, stepped towards
 me, and ordered me to leave the table. I ra
 mmed my place, aad saqaM by what a«-
 lbor ‘*f he presumed thus iasah roe. He
lafemed me that he was the Steward of the
 host, and that I mast leave the table, se k
 wes agaiaet the mlee of the host for nr tosh
 si the table is that cabin with white persona—
 sddiog. that 1 knew that soak were the rules
 of the boat. denied possessing this knowl
 edge, and requested la see the raise, since I
 bad not seen any sorb role aaong the pnb-
 J Imbed rules of the boat. Perplexed by my
 resolute adherence to my the re
 -1 monstrances of myself and friends against the
 cruel injustice, and brutal indignity, thus of
 feted us, the steward left the cabin, and our
 selves seated as at first at the table. Duriog
 this time the few white passengers who had
 i seated themselves at our table arose, amt left
 us in undisputed possession of it. Whether,
 these had departed because we were at the t
 table, or because the prospect of getting any
 thing to eat seemed gloomy, I know not; but
 if any thing is to be learned from looks, they
 arose in vindication of the native dignity of
 high-born American gentlemen. Silence con
 tinued at the other tables- The servant had
 not yet arrived with his force to remove me J
 and all were waiting to see a brother man bru
 tally dragged from the dinner table because 1
 God had given him a skin not colored like
 their own. 1 looked around over the multi- j
 tude with a view to observe the tone of feel
 ing among the passengers. All was fire and
 fury. I could not detect the slightest indig
 nation at the outrage,but all looked (fiendish
 ly) happy in what was passing. Feeling as-,
 sured that it would .only afford the multitude
 pleasure to see my person bruised, and my
 clothes torn off, in the effort to drag me out, j
 at the suggestion and entreaty of one of ray
 friends, I left the table. My friends were told
 that they could have their dinners, and that}
 they need not leave the table—that I was 1 he
 person they wished to remove. But they no-,
 bly preferred fasting with the despised to
 feasting with the haughty. As we left tiiei
 cabin at the command of the Captain and the)
 Cierk—who had now returned with the Stew
 ard—there were given several rounds of np
 plaus- to ihe Captain, for what seemed to
 them a brilliant victory. Two gentlemen aad
 two ladies had been deprived of their din
 ners—truly a fitting occasion to be celebrated. i
 About two hours after the dinner of ihe]
 whites was over, I went below and enquired
 of the Steward if he would serve us w. th
 dinner alone. He answered, in an angry
 tone, that it was after dinner hour. I remind
 ed him that I had called upon him for dim er
 in due time, and that it was too bad to put tisj
 off by saying that we were now too late. He
 then asked me if I were the servant of those
 ladies and said if snch were the case he j
 would prepare dinner, and on no other terms.'
 I assured him, in a rather provoking manner,
 that I was the servant of those ladies, but he
 refused to believe it. So we got no dinner
 j
 that day, and ate nothing from si.: ./clock in
 the itioming till eight o’clock at night.
 Thus ended a bitter and malicious insult lo
 a man solely because of the complexion
 with which God in his wisdom had seen fit to
 clothe him. We eommend it as an apt com
 mentary on American freedom, manners and
 civilization. Let the fact be handed around,
 at home and abroad, as a fair sample of what
 the colored man has to encounter in his pro-
 gress from degradation to respectability, fh j
 the cabin of the Alida J would hare been.
 quite welcome as a servant. The fact that 1
 was there as a gentlemen—a passenger—pro
 voked the insult™ But we must pass by this
 for the present.
 On Friday,,g|gg 25th of May. I arrived in j
 PHILADELPHIA.
 Here the scene of constant insult and brutal
 treatment through which, in company with
 my friends, I had passed, gave place to a
 warm and friendly reception. This reception j
 and the interesting meetings which we had j
 the pleasure to address, were full compensa
 tion for all the uncivil and cruel behavior ex-j
 perienced on the journey from Albany to New
 York.
 The meeting in Philadelphia, on Fridayi
 evening, was held in the St. Mary’s street
 •Church, and was composed of a small com
 pany of the most intelligent and respectable
 part of the colored people of that city, slight
 ly mixed here and there with white persons.
 Aftei addressing the meeting about an hour
 and a half, I gave place to Dr. Elder, who,
 being called upon, responded in a speech of
 singular beauty and power. It was well
 1 adapted to the occasion, and made a deep im
 pression upon the assemblage before him. He!
 took up the subject of prejudice against color,
 exposed its hollow pretences, gave the Amer
 ican Colonization Society a powerful rebuke,
 and concluded with an admirable exhortation j
 to faithfulness and persevere nee, in the efforts
 making to attain our freedom and equality on
 the American soil. The spell of eloquence
 was thrown over the charmed and delighted
 audience by this master spirit, and I have noj
 doubt they went home with higher hopes and
 j aims than when they came together.
 At the close of this meeting another wasj
 announced for the next evening, to be held ui
 the Brick Wesley Church. This meeting!
 was largely attended.
 The intermediate ume on Saturday was
 mainly spent in visaing the ladies connected
 with the Women's Association These;
 ladies are devoting tbeir energies to improve j
 the condition and character of the oppressed
 at the North, as well as to the freedom of the
 enslaved at tbe South. They number only
 thirteen at preseat, and I believe do not de
 sire to enlarge llieir association—having seen 1
 the folly of Imrgt hot inactive associations for
 promoting moral aed philanthropic objects.—
 These ladies share the confidence and esteem
 of the whole community, and can at any time
 obtain the aid and assistance of large numbers,
 when they lead the way, in measures of im
 mediate practical importance. At present
 they are devoting theu mean* to sustain The
 North Star,” believing thst in thie way they
 can moot effectually aid the cause of freedom
 aad improvemsut.
 To these ladies The North Star” has ah j
 rady been largely indebted for aroietance is
 rims of need. It was ehieiy through them
 that a Fair was held in Philadelphia last win-!
 ter, in aid of The North Star aad du-j
 nag our recent visit to that city, finding Uut|
 tfce peper was in great need, they generously
 doomed THIRTY-THREE DOLLARS for I*o relief.
 1 expect in the eonrar of a few weeks to
 lay before our readers an appeal from these
 fed** behalf of their contemplated fair
 to beheld thro winter it certainly worthy
i wtab w ell to ihe colored people of this count
 j rr; and I have io doubt that it will receive
 large share of encouragement.
 Os Monday 2*tth Mav I was the spectator
 l and an actor, with others in ar afforung
 i scene. it was the opening of the Oiivp
 emetery, m vcoent of which has alrevdv
 appeared in our cdom-». It is situated in
 'beautiful locality about one mile west Iron
 Philadelphia, and covers an area of more
 than ten acies, neatly fenced and grad*,]
 A chapel in which to perform funeral servjce
 is to be erected, on the ground, the corner
 stone of which was laid w;ih all fh- so| em
 nittesof consecration hv Rev. Win. Douglas*
 While I felt highly gratified by the spirit tha.
 j suggested -nd the hands that executed tb.-
 I highly commendable work. I was dw
 pained in view of the necessity which c m
 pellcd them to ihe measure. That »ece&lt;«
 is found in the cruel and relentless h a j r
 manifested towards the colored man. which
 pursues him, not only while in being, but to the
 very gates of eternity, denying him a
 pectable grave. Being excluded from th«
 cemeteries of the whites, the colored p Mpi,.
 have until lately been able to bury their dea.
 in tbeir ow n Church yards, but this can no
 longer be done without great expense, and
 they have therefore found it necessary to pur
 chase the cemetery in question. But I am
 happy to be assured by the proprietors thit
 while the colored dead may repose here
 the remains of no white person will be ex
 cluded. There will be no distinctions toler
 ated in Olive Cemetery. A noble example
 from which cur oppressor mav learn an in
 portant lesson.
 Byberry.—On Monday Evening 1 hei.l
 a meeting iu the above place. A heavy ram
 and muddy roads, as well as u pro-slavm
 neighborhood prevented a large attendance at
 the meeting. But the few present listened
 with attention though with no signs of appr.&gt;
 batton. Anti-Slavery is evidently a very
 unpopular cause in Byberry, and to he an
 abolitionist there in the true meaning of the
 word, must require no small amount of true
 moral courage. 1 was of course heaittiy re
 ceived and cheered by our Anu-Slaverv
 friends Robert Purvis and Henry Bow.
 man.—r. D.
I* rom The InifKtrtial Citizen.
 But the most extraordinary meeting ot the
 series 1 attended, was that at Zion Church, on
 Thursday evening, the 10th. That meeting
 was called and the house obtained, by and foT
 j r Garnet and myscli, in connection with
 Mr. Bibb. By our arrangement, Mr. B. was
 first to speak, and Garnet and I to follow.
 Bibb having heard his remarks, position and
 motives attacked on Tuesday evening, felt
 himself called upon to defend himself against
 Mr. Douglass’ opposition and imputations.
 Immediately upon Mr. B’s taking his seat,
 I Douglass arose, claimed the floor, and seemed
 determined to speak, irrespective of the rights
 and wishes ot the callers ami holders of the
 meeting. After declaring my public and open
 j resistance to Mr. Douglass' claims, in the
 matter, and after speaking out my own views,
 by courtesy Mr. Douglass was permitted to
 speak, and in his speech lie opposed again the
 giving of the Bible to the enslaved. Mr
 j Garnet lose to speak afterwards, and upon
 asking Mr. Douglass a question, though uot
 yielding the floor, Mr. Douglass, after answer
 ing the question, insisted upon having the
 floor, for an extended reply. Mr. Garnet did
 not give up the floor, knowing that ail laws of
 Pailimentary usage, and gentlemanly inter
 course, entitled him to the undistnrtMMj
 the floor, and though Mr Douglass, who had
 boasted that ho was “no obscure man, in the
 anti-slavery cause, being well known in this
 country, and in England,” must have known
 what Mr. Garnet’fc rights were he persisted
 in claiming the floor until midnight, when the
 meeting broke up in confusion.
 The meeting, of w hich the above purports
 to be a description, has not been before refer
 red to by me in the columns of The North
 Star.” A feeling of delicacy prevented m&gt;
 taking advantage of my position as Editor to
 vindicate my course at a public meeting, w here
 I had an opportunity to do so on the spot; and
 I should not now reler to the matter but for
 the uncandid and one-sided statement made by
 Mr. Ward in the foregoing article.
 I can scatcely concede how an honest titan,
 witnessing the facts as they there transpired,
 could pen such an article as the one in ques
 tion. It is a misrepresentation from begin
 ning to end and duty to myself, not less than
 to the cause, demands at my hands a correct
 statement of the whole affair.
 I attended the meeting on Thursday even
 ing, the tenth of May, just as I would attend
 any other anti-slavery meeting and, although
 j Mr. Garnet, Mr. Bibk and Mr. Ward, had
 been advertised to speak. I did not suppow
 that the fact of hiicli an advertisement neee*
 sarily excluded all others front participating in
 the deliberations of the meeting. Had i sup
 posed so I would as readily have lieen found
 in a Whig caucus as in such a meeting—hav
 ing long since resolved to countenance no
 meetings of a pretended anti-slavery charac
 ter where the right of speech is dented to the
 humblest advocate of the slave. Mr. Ward
 represents me as having at a previous meet
 ing attacked the motives of Mr. Biss. Id»
 ny it, ami so I declared at the very meeting
 Mr. Ward ha» undertaken to describe Had
 he desired to represeat rue as I reprmmateJ
 myself no man could have done it liettei, but
 having a cause to serve, he conveniently tor
 gets my statement, and puts words in tnv
 mouth, as men will often do when the wish
 is father to the thought.” Mr. Wasp de
 clares that I rose to speak irrespective of tie
 rights and wishes of the callers and holder
 of the meeting.” This statement ts totallv
 incorrect. .So far from rising in opposition to
 their wishes, 1 briefly requested th*- privilege
 to be heard, and waited patiently, on my legs,
 for several minute*; and did not attempt to
 speak until informed by the Chairman that u»
 proceed with nay remarks would be in order
 This, Mr. Ward knows very well. Accord
 ing to Mr. Ward’s statement, the reader
 would imagine that 1 was treated iu the most
 courteous mavner by himaeif and Mr. Gar
 met. I coulees I never was treated more
 rudely. The moment 1 arose to reply to the
 mis-statements and insinuations thrown out
 by Mr. Biss, impeaching my religious char
 aeter, misrepresenting mf religious faith, ota
 king me out an enemy to the Bible, and gif
 mg that aa a reason for my opposition to the
 impracticable scheme of. sending Bibles to tbe
 slave, Mr. Garnet rose and proposed to take
 up a collection for defraying the expense* ot
 the meeting—remaining on his feet tbe while,
 giving the audience to understand that they
 were now to witneas an engagement, and that
 H waa dangerous to defer the collection until
 the skirmish was over. At the close of ths
 collection I again runs to speak, whereupon 1
