Kl* K 1*« &gt;1 1.1 V-"*. f
 IH.IAM Kioto*.
VOL. 11. NO. *2fi.
Ih* MIKTII s l' K i* i*w‘M
 I mini, id ‘i.i, Ittillulo snoot,
 r.. i
 it i:M
 N
 i- I hi* m 1 i i win iiiau
 iv&lt;;*i»«tn. it- .Hi* t«n Inn inwrlwl
 ii hit- ii\ ,-nh«* ij M-n» u»'*-r
 -u i X 1.1 if i% k will I** i" atuefc
 i I i i uni .1 I- ;i lv&lt;w,tt&lt;
 i I. it in 11' *ii• i \.i i lie- .tnufUril
 I' riii '1 rumy, j,imi...if tho moral arei in
 Mil Ij.iuvi ,ir-:it i f tV I ihllil’l iHI,
 i-rfi i *.f I'U 15,1 nI V| iii fif h i
 M 11. f. II I I 1v I II I'f II f'lis
 f I 1 if I N
 VI HI NO I II
 _} i i.iii .K.i* ii- iflitting In t li«.«inm
 ,i I:* |li|X-|, It.INK (ii cll!&gt; i i ilx ift mil*
 x ill n.t'li -I 1 I JulfN 1 »l&lt; K,
 mil ill 11«* i -i n.iini** 1 tin*
 1.1 ;il**„ till.l n.vc 11(1. J’.sf OJfc-e,
 ill'! (In- .Sfttr 1'..,. I, Silli-fl iln-l' I- I 111
 i n*4tlo i !'&gt;i nlniii'i it*i i*iv&gt;*il
 f.'i ■*&lt;ni i ini,* i i tin- 11. tviiii'iit fur four
 l-i friv;ml&lt;*.i In aiJilro-H, III.IV
 ,lu "|i\ Hu u\
 ll'til- 1111 l llt.lUllUl’.ll |l Hl* Ill'll l»* |H)-t
 o| \(.r.MS.
 1| *■ui i i i K I ,ii&lt;mi, 21 '(irulull,
 valii.hi Juli lit* n.l 11..1- Hu. \V
 1 |i, J mu*- X. Itiifliim, l.vim; liw/rge
 i i \Vi.i. -tri I’ mi hi* Sj»ii!&gt;iiPr, l’l\iiKiutli;
 II '•iili, S iiiii»lif*l(l it.ivi.l kill'd**'*,
 v iiiijiinii. it. '»r |n iiti*r, (itnn.
 \i•&gt; i Oil v( i I ti-niH 11, |'inii.unT
 KiKiN -l«.»\\ l.oul I i:.il,u-.,ii, .nil r. r
 t. in*.
 i v'H in i i —.l nntilliaii l.t"(i;ini. N&lt;*vv Haven
 \vvvll v m I fll i V. I’.i|i[)tin, Br tuifurd.
 \i vv V"hk ,ln**\ H. tl iv. I 12. \a.*sau
 .I jin. inn-SiniriiTMth, M ISroailvvay;
 I *,,!i l’..*!, \V&lt;— tlniry. iiii*«*u t 'uiiuiv M.nv Hai
 -r. Alh.ni&gt; Kil l- U lv. Mfu «*.inn VViUi'tt-Keene,
 I'ern, C’lml Willifun S. Haiti re, Ti n
 I I'l.i.’t, I'eiii. v.m; ■lefVr. (ieinva lv L.
 I'i.ltt, Hall).
 Itiiuin. I-i. v mi.- Aiiituancv Paine, Providence.
 I' i v vvi v\vi —J M. ,M 'Kim,.'ll, Aorili I iltli
 -hhi. I'liil I'i. lpliM \V. (iiiiiie.-, K.Mliaage
 cure, Hum H Huvvii,l’iitnlnii'iili; 111. V\ lupper,
 r .Imiilni I IK i: il'iTt-s Jiirnli 1.. I'axnu, .\&lt;mi**-
 lowii, M'uH{i'*n»«*r\ (Aniniy, Mil" A. TuwiiMMid,
 \evv Hi i..!lil"n
 Ohio. I’lui-lini I) ni;tl'!*oii, ('ini illliali; Uit
 ,ll mill o Dill.i; V alenline !\iehoUon, 11a1..-i.'ii
 ..-i.'ii “li, t.ni'ii ii. ."\imtiel Hi mike, Salem.
 A| j i ii iit a n.—Ho! ii it H. tuk Detroit.
 mii v.—Joel C. D.ivot, Keonoinv, Waytii* &lt;’o
Selections.

 I HI &gt;l. V Iv-TKADK. l&gt;r. INI&gt;KR
 IIIM.. j
 Ci 'in lln* HoMoii "Uriel.
 \\wa i ic grand medical consultation, j
 mentioned m inv last, Dr. Underhill
 pursued ins practice about eighteen j
 month*, at the expiration of which!
 term fie found his phials, gallipots, and:
 purse., ail empty, hut lus day-book toll
 #i» 1 laviug Luui'J tho V-’outh*
 tin states spoken ol as a field where
 tortunes were rapidly made, he was,
 induced to try his luck in that region.
 He lodged lus accounts with an atior-|
 ney, who advanced him a sum sufficient
 to pay his traveling expenses to irgi-J
 ma, and set out in the mail-stage—
 murmuring at the illiherality and igno-j
 ranee of the Yankees, which prevented'
 the proper encouragement ot genius,!
 and anticipating lus return, after a few!
 years, in his own carriage, and with;
 cash enough to enable him to spend
 the remainder ot his days in ease and:
 independence, lb* carried with him a
 letter of introduction to Dr. f ranklin, j
 whom he visited on his way to the!
 South; and with whom he had a plea-j
 *ant interview.
 In the Southern states, lie found no
 more encouragement than lie had re
 ceived at the North. In the sea-ports,
 business was engrossed by old and’
 eminent practitioners; and, in the in-j
 lerior, the people were as blind to]
 merit, and as unmoved by the exhibi
 tions of genius, as the common people
 of other regions. He learned, —what,
 it seems, he hud not thought of before,
 —that, in both wings of the Union, as
 well as every where else, tame and
 fortune, in the learned professions, are
 generally acquired only, bv a patient
 application to local business. He
 soon became gloomy and discontented.
 His principles, habits, and manners
 were different from those of the people
 around him. To obtain medical prac
 tice, it was indispensable that he
 diould sport, drink, bet, btc; but such
 courses were prohibited by the condi
 tion ol' his finances. His cash was all
 expended, and lie was obliged to dis
 pose of his books to procure the means
 of subsistence. When reduced to his
 last dollar, and suffering from the em
 barrassment of the debts, he accepted
 an invitation to become the surgeon ol
 a ship, bound to London with a cargo
 of tobacco, and to proceed thence to
 the coast of Africa.
 Several chapters are tilled with des
 criptions of the “Lions ol London,
 among whom Thomas Paine was one.
 A rather humorous account is given of
 an argument between that celebrated
 writer and the no less-celebrated Dr. i
 A oleott,* —-alius Peter Pindar, in which!
 toe satirist caught the politician in one;
 of his own logic-traps. The story I
 carries him to the ("oast of Africa, and
 describes the manner of purchasing
 slaves —a story like that winch is often
 laid,and winch needs no repetition here,
 to excite abhorrence oi the traffic in
 slaves. el the chapter, which gives
 nn account of the treatment of the
 miserable wretches on board a slave
 ship, is so touching, and according to
 other testimony, so truthful, though
 here presented in a work of fiction,
 written more than titty years ago, that
 I cannot resist my wish to lay it before
 •he reader:—
 Df one hundred and lifty Africans
 we rejected seventeen, as not mcrcli
 ijntuble While L was doubting winch
 to lament most, those, who were about
 being precipitated into all I lie miseries
 American slavery, or those, whom
 h*si&lt;j rejected as too wretched for
 slaves (Japt. Russell vvas congratiilut
 lUi tkti ulave contractors upon the im
THE NORTH STAR.
mense good luck they had, in not suf
 fering more bv tins lot of human crea
 tures I understood that, what from
 wounds received t«y some ot those
 miserable creatures, at their capture,
 or in their violent struggles tor liberty,
 or attempts at suicide, —with the fa
 tigue of a long journey, partly over
 the burning sands of a sultry climate,
 it was usual to estimate the loss, in
 the passage to the sea-shore, at twenty
 live per cent.
 So sooner was the purchase com
 pleted. than these wretched Africans
 were transported in herds aboard the
 ship, and immediately procipitated be
 tween decks, where a strong chain,
 attached to a staple in the lower deck,
 was riveted to the bar before describ
 ed; and then the men were chained in
 pairs, and handcuffed; and two sailors,
 with cutlasses, guarded every twenty
 while the women and children were
 tied together in pairs with ropes, and
 obliged to supply the men with their
 provisions and the slush-bucket; or, if
 the young women were released, it was
 only to gratify the brutal lust of the
 sailors. The eve after we had receiv
 ed the slaves on board, all hands were
 piped on deck, and ordered to assist in
 manufacturing and knotting cat-o’nine
 tails, the application of which, I was
 informed, was always necessary to
 bring the slaves to their appetite. I’he
 night after they came on board was
 spent by these wretched people in sob
 bings, groans, tears, and the most
 heartrending bursts of sorrow and des
 pair. The next morning all was still.
 Surprized by his unexpected silence, 1
 almost hoped that Providence, in pity
 to these his miserable children, had
 permitted some kindly suffocation to
 put a period to their anguish. It was
 neither novel nor unexpected to the
 ship’s crew. It is only the dumb fit
 come on, cried every one; we will cure
 them.
 After breakfast, the whole ships
 crew went between decks, and carried
 with them the provisions for the slaves
 —which they, one and all, refused to
 cat. A more affecting group of misery
 was never seen. These injured Afri
 cans, preferring death to slavery, or
 perhaps buoyed above the fear of dis
 solution, by their religion, which
 taught them to look with an eye of
 faith beyond the grave, where they
 should again meet those friends and
 relatives, from whose endearments they
 had been torn, and where no fiend
 should torment nor Christian thirst for
 gold,—had, wanting other means, re
 solved to starve themselves, and every
 ,*yo lnu’i'ppil with the fixed roeolvc of
 this deadly intent. In vain were the
 men beaten. They refused to taste
 one mouthful; and, 1 believe, would
 have died under the operation, if the
 ingenious cruelty of the clerk, Ran
 dolph, had not suggested the plan of
 whipping the women and children in
 sight of the men; assuring the men
 that they should he tormented until all
 hud eaten. What the torments, exer
 cised on the bodies of these brave
 Africans, failed to produce, the feel
 ings of nature effected, 'i’he negro,
 who could undauntedly expire under
 the lush, could not view' the agonies of
 iiis wile, child, or mother; and, though
 repeatedly encouraged by these female
 sufferers, unmoved by their torments,
 to persevere unto death; yet, though
 the man dared to die, the father relent
 ed, and in a few hours, they all ate
 their provisions, mingled with their
 tears.
 Our slave-dealers being unable to
 fulfill their contract, unless we staid
 three weeks longer, our captain con
 cluded to remove to some other market.
 We accordingly weighed anchor and
 steered for Benin, and anchored in the
 river Formosa, where we took in one
 hundred and fifteen more slaves. The
 same process in the purchase was pur
 sued here; and though I frequently
 assured the captain, as a physician,
 that it was impracticable to stow fifty
 more persons between decks, without
 endangering health and life, the whole
 hundred and fifteen were thrust with
 the rest between decks. The stagnant
 confined air of this infernal hole, ren
 dered more deleterious by the stench
 of the faeces and violent perspiration
 of such a crowd occasioned putrid dis
 eases; and it was usual to throw one 01
 two negro corpses over every day. Ii
 was in vain I remonstrated to the cap
 tain In vain I enforced the necessity
 of more commodious berths and a inort
 free intlux of air for the slaves, lr
 vain 1 represented, that these misera
 ble people had been used to the vege*
 i table diet and pure uir of a country
 life; that, at home, they were remark
 able tor cleanliness ot person, the verv
 rites of their religion consisting almost
 entirely in frequent ablutions. The
 captain was, by this time, prtjudfted
 against me. He observed that he did
 not doubt inv skill, and would be bound
 by my advice, as to the health of those
 on hoard his ship, when he found 1
 was actuated by the interest of tin
 owners; but he feared I was now
 moved by some Yankee nonsense abou
 humanity. Randolph, the clerk, blam
 ed me in plain terms. He said he hai
 made seven African voyages, and wit!
 as good surgeons as 1 was; and thal
 it was their common practice, when at
 infectious disorder prevailed among
 the slaves, to make critical search foi
 all, who had the slightest symptoms o
 it, or whose habits of body inclinet
 them to it, to tie them up and cas
 them over the ship’s side together, an&lt;
 thus, at one dash, to purify the ship
 What signifies, added he, the lives o
 the black devils they love to die. Yoi
 cannot please them better than b
 chucking them into the water.
 When we stood out to sea, the rol
 hug of the vessel brought on the sea
 sickness, which increased the tilth
RIGHT is ok NO SEX—TRUTH 1' oF NO roDiß—tiOli is THF FATHER OF I S ALL. AND \LI. WE \RK BRFTHRFN
The weathei being rough, we were
 obliged to close some of the ports,
 which ventilated the space between
 decks, and death raged dreadfully
 among the slaves; above two thirds
 were diseased. It was affecting to
 observe the ghastly smile on the coun
 tenance of the dying African, as it
 rejoicing to escape the cruelty ot his
 oppressors. 1 noticed one man, who
 gathered all his strength, and, in one
 last effort spoke with great emphasis,
 and expired. 1 understood bv the
 linguist, that. with his dying breath,
 he invited his wife, and a boy and girl
 to follow him and slake their thirst with
 him at the cool streams of the fountain
 of their great Father, beyond the
 reach of the white wild heast.-i. The
 captain was now alarmed for the suc
 cess of his voyage: and, upon my urg
 ing the necessity of landing the slaves;
 !he ordered the &gt;hip about, and we
 anchored near an uninhabited part of
 the Gold Coast. Tents were erected
 on the shore, and the sick landed.
 Under toy direction tliev recovered
 surprisingly. It was affecting to see
 the eftect gentle usage had upon these
 hitherto sullen, obstinate people. As
 I had the sole direction of the hospital,
 they looked on me as the source of this
 sudden transition from the tilth and
 I rigor of the ship to the cleanliness and
 kindness of the shore. Their grati
 tude was excessive. When they re
 covered so as to walk out,happy was
 he, who could, by picking a few ber
 ries, gathering the w ild fruit of the
 country, or doing any menial services,
 manifest his affection for me. Our
 linguist has told me, he has olten heard
 them behind the bushes, praying to
 their God for iny prosperity, and ask
 ing him wtth earnestness, whyphe put
 mv good black soul into a while body.
 In twelve days all the convalescent
 were returned to the ship, except five,
 who staid with me on shore, and were
 to be taken on board the next day.
 The ship, to which the Doctor be
 i longed, was frightened from its station
 by the appearance of an Algerine
 Rover, and escaped during the night
 —leaving him and the the negroes on
 the shore. They were taken by the
 Rover and carried to Algiers. The
 account of his adventures in that coun
 try fills nearly the whole second
 volume. His descriptions of the Dev
 and his court —of the slave-market—
 the treatment of slaves—the govern
 ment—religion and general customs
 and manners of the Algerines—though
 necessarily repetitions as to facts, of
 what had been often related before,
 have still a charm derived from the
 style of the writer. After undergoing
 various sufferings, he was purchased
 by the director of the public hospital,
 and appointed tu the care of the medi
 cineroom, w ith permission to go, occasi
 onally, into the city, tor fresh supplies.
 After several years captivity, he was
 permitted by his owner to accompany,
 as a surgeon, a company of merchants
 to Medina and Mecca. plan w hich
 he formed to escape was defeated by a
 villanous Jew. On the wav hack to
 Algiers, a tremendous stoom drove the
 vessel, in which the Doctor was em
 barked, from her regular course. It
 was captured by a Portuguese frigate,
 and taken to a port in Portugal;
 whence the author found the way to,
 his native country.
 1 have given hut a meagre outline
 of Doctor Underhill’s adventures—suf
 ficient, perhaps, to induce some, who
 remember the author, to read the most
 pleasant of his numerous productions.
 The work is now rarely to be met with.
 A reprint of it, with a few notes, and
 some notice of its author, would he as
 honorable and profitable to a book
 seller. who might undertake it, as the
 greater part of the trash that comes
 over the Atlantic in the shape of novels
 and romances, or that appears as
 "prize tales” in the periodicals.
 Should any one avail himself of this
 hint, let him add to the volume a few
 jof the fugitive productions of Judge
 Tyler. Among the almost innumera
 ble articles furnished by him for the
 Farmer’s Museum, the Federal Gal
 axy, (a paper printed at Hrattleboro,
 in 1797, and continued some three oa
 four years) the Port Folio, the Poly
 antlios, and the New-England Galaxy,
 much might be found that is worthy ot
 1 preservation in a more convenient form.
 He also w’rote tor other publications,
 at a period farther back than my
 knowledge extends; but it is presumed
 that some are living, by whom these
 articles could be identified. His wid
 ow, and, I believe, some female des
 cendants, are living at Hrattleboro.’
 Two of his sons reside in Boston, and
 j are well known and respected as brok
 ers. Another son is a clergyman ot
 the Episcopal church in the western
 part of New-York. Another, —a brill
 iant scholar, a tine w riter, and an ac
 complished theologian, —recently died
 at New-Haven, w ere he was engaged
 has editor of the New-Englander—a
 I popular and excellent quarterly Re
 view and Magazine.
 j
 The Northern SrißiT. —Alluding
 to a recent anti-slavery meeting in
 Worcester, at which two fugitive
 slaves trom Georgia were present and
 told their story, the Massachusetts Spy
 remarks:
 The meeting was an exceedingly in
 teresting one, and the sympathies of
 the audience were deeply excited in
 favor of those who had so long been
 deprived of their dearest birthright—a
 birthright which they showed them
 selves so worthy to possess, and which
 they had shown so much ability in par
 tially recovering. Yet, it should be
 recollected, that no law protects them
 for a momeut in the enjoyment of their
 liberty. They are virtually outlaws
 amongst us. &gt;et without having com-,
ROCHESTER, X. Y„ FRIDAY. JUNE tl, IBD.
mittedam crime. Those who claim tt
 be their owners may seize them by vio
 lence, wherever they may find them
 and bear them back to perpetual bond
 age. They mav invoke the whoU
 power of the federal government to aic
 them in doing it. and every man’s ham
 in the community is legally paralyzed
 so tar as to prevent his affording the
 “slightest aid to his suffering brothei
 and sister! Nav, more—every mar
 may be called upon to aid in subject
 ing them again to bondage, and, to re
 fuse, is a crime for w hich there are
 severe legal penalties.—We are con
 stituted, by the the land slave
 catchers tc the rwTuthern Nabobs!
 How long will we suffer ourselves to
 stand in this ignoble relation to them
 The answer is with ourselves.
 N! YORK VIGILANTE GUM
 MITTEF.
 After the reading of the report,
 which elicited much applause, the
 meeting was addressed by
 Frederick Douglass.—Mr. (.’hair
 man—said he—i ain in favor ot run
 ning awav; I am one of these wl.o
 hold the extraordinary doctrine that
 every man is himself-—belongs to him
 self, dies for himself, and is judged
 fox- himself; that the power God has
 given belongs to him alone; that nc
 statutes, however established, car
 alienate his right to himself; no mattei
 under what circumstances horn that he
 has a right to himself; that hit arms,
 his feet, his legs are his own, and that
 any one who would fain have or ap
 propriate the legs, arms or feet of ano
 ther does that which God never willed
 f disregard all law with regard tc
 Slavery. I believe that a Slaveholdei
 has no right—at least ought to have
 none. I believe with Wright that a
 Slaveholder has no earthly right—l be
 lieve that he is not born of Heaven—
 he is no mortal—he is a monster.
 When I was about twelve years old
 1 experienced religious leelings, and
 the belief that I owned them 1 regard
 now as the best—to cling to everything
 good and forsake all evil, and I was
 taught not to steal, and that servants
 should obey masters —that is one of the
 most especial of Southern Christian
 principles. Now, in my slave time I
 frequently experienced hunger —my
 master, w hose house was open to all
 the neighbors, especially the ministers,
 and to w hom he was very kind, was
 quite the reverse in the kitchen. Just
 about this time l had my doctrine
 against stealing qualified, and I will
 tell you how. —I durst not talk to any
 of the delinquency of eatables on the
 plantation but to one, a confidant,
 named Sandy Jiggins, and to him I
 poured forth the pithy strains of an
 empty stomach —he was a religious,
 kind soul, and in our conversations he
 said tu me, “Why is it that you never
 have any money “Why, how can
 I have money?” 1 answered. “I toil
 from morning till night—from Monday
 morn to Saturday night anil part of the
 Sunday, and my master has all the
 gains of my toil.” “W ell,” said San
 dv, “you must think for yourself.”—
 At length, said he, “you must learn to
 steal something to eat. you mustn’t be
 hungry —aye, l could steal a pig—
 blessed be God—and shout hallelujah!”
 “How do you justify that, Sandy?”
 asked 1. “Well,’’ answered he, “see
 that pig?" “Yes.” “Well, that pig is
 master’s property." “Well?” “Well,
 you master’s property too." “Yes.”
 “Well, then suppose you put some ot
 that master s property into this—it
 would only, in the language of Gen.
 Jackson, be a question ot removal!”
 —and, friends, ever after Iliad plenty
 of pig.
 On speaking of the intention of some
 people of giving the Bible to the Slave,
 Mr. Douglass did not agree —the Bible
 and Slave cannot go together —give
 the Slave to himself, then he shall
 have the Bible—it seems a mockery to
 me to stay the Slave’s dying cry for
 freedom with the Bible—the Bible will
 not bring w hat he cries for —but free
 dom brings the Bible and the means to
 understand it. God Almighty does not
 require a man to attend to his religious
 duties before he has got the means tc
 render those not a mockery. I would
 rather give sHHotake a slave away
 than one cent for a Bible—when you
 give him a Bible he cannot read it, and
 it acts as a salve to the conscience of
 the holder—but I’ll let the Bible alone.
 It mav be good bait for catching some
 of the community, but 1 go in for en
 acting a law against Slavery—l cannot
 agr-ee with the right of property in
 man.
AN ILLUSTRATION' OF SLAVERY.
 The following anecdote, related by
 a gentleman who was himself an eye
 witness, is such a remarkable instance
 of heroic and unshaken friendship,
 that i thought i worth transcribing,
 lest it should be lost. It is from Dun
 lap's Paper, N0.‘20-4, Oct. 10th, 1785:
 “At a late public sale of negro slaves
 at Santa Cruz, among the great num
 ber that Christian avarice has been
 either the immediate or secondary
 means of placing on a level with cat
 tle daily brought to our markets, there
 were two about thirty years oPage,
 whose deportment seemed superior* to
 all the rest. What their rank had
 really been, they with sullen dignity,
 seemed resolved to conceal from every
 body; yet, mingled with a haughty
 manner towards all beside, there ap
 peared in every look and action the
 tendered affection for each other.
 When the captain of the vessel which
 brought them entered on the business of
 distribution into lots for sale of the
 captives, these two, with a moat sub
 missive manner, and eagerness that
 spoke more than common feelings,
clung about his knees, intreating him
 ito favor them so far as to permit them
 ito be sold in the same lot. that they
 might serve the same master and en
 joy the trifling satisfaction of being
 companions in Slavery. But this poor
 request was denied them. Yet earn
 est as they were in their desire, the re
 fusal was received with a manly resig
 nation by them both, and when upon
 the point of being delivered to their
 masters, they begged leave of having a
 few words with each other, which was
 allowed. After a lew moments talk
 and an affectionate embrace, they
 separated. About seven days after,
 they were both missing at the same
 hour, and nowhere to be found About
 a week after their disappearance, a
 planter riding through a thicket which
 laid between their mutual homes, saw
 to his great surprise two bodies hang
 ing on one tree, locked fast in each
 other’s arms, which proved to be these
 faithful and.desperate friends
 From the Fhri«tian Intiex.
 CENTRAL AFRICA.
 Many tacts concerning this remote
 country have been given by travellers,
 among which we may notice the fol
 lowing
 The people are Negroes, Fellatahs
 and Arabs. The first are most nu
 merous, but the Fellatahs are tfie
 dominant party. Their origin is not
 known, but it has been supposed that
 they emigrated from Asia. They are
 an intelligent, enterprising race, of' an
 olive or brown color, with European
 features, and long soft hair. Travel
 lers speak in admirable terms of the
 Fellatab shepherdesses, whom they
 represent as distinguished for native
 dignity and sweetness of manners. It
 has been a common opinion that Africa
 is inhabited entirely by negroes, hut
 this is not correct. The Absssineans, j
 Nubians, Fellatahs, Bechuannas, and
 many others belong to races quite dis
 tinct from the Negroes. In fact it is
 probable that the negroes do not form
 one-half the population of the conti
 nent.
 Agriculture in Central Africa is car
 ried on with a surprising degree of
 industry. In may places the traveller
 meets with extensive plantations in a
 high state of cultivation; producing
 corn, millet, rice, wheat, cotton, yams,
 &amp;.C., in great abundance.
 The Manufactures of the country
 include iron tools, gold chains, and
 other trinkets of good workmanship,:
 gun powder, cotton cloth in abundance,
 very superior mats, saddles, boots, itc.
 &amp;.c. The iron is melted from the ores;
 of the country, and the gold is dug
 from the mines, and collected from the
 sands of the rivers.
 The cities of Central Africa con
 stitute one of its remarkable features, j
 Many of them are of immense size,!
 surrounded bv walls thirty or forty
 miles in circuit. These walls are usu
 ally’of clay, but sometimes of brick,.
 and one city is mentioned with walls ofj
 wood plated with iron. Tire markets
 in these cities afford immense quanti
 ties of provisions and other com
 modities; and some of them it is said
 are visited by thousands of strangers
 annually.
 The Commerce of the Africans
 among themselves is surprisingly ex
 tensive, being carried from city to city, l
 in every part of the country by innu-
 merable caravans. Some of these
 caravans go to the shore of the Medi
 terranean, others to the countries bor- j
 dering on the Indian Ocean, and many i
 to the Western coast. This active,
 intercommunication cannot fail to be
 useful in the spread of the gospel inj
 this country, when it is once intro
 duced.
 The Religion of the Fellatahs is a
 kind ofMahommedanism, distinguished
 by its freedom from Mahommedan j
 bigotry and exclusiveness. As proofi
 of this statement, we rnay notice the
 fact that the women are not immured
 within walls and concealed by thick
 veils, but they are permitted to mingle
 as freely in society as the females of
 the United States. Some of the neg
 roes are still heathens, but most of
 them have been taught by the Fella- 1
 tahs to renounce idols and to believe
 in one God. Numbers have gone so
 far as to embrace the Mahommedan
 faith.
 The Governments are despotic, hut
 are generally mildly administered.
 There is far more security of life and
 property than we might expect among
 barbarians. Travellers have seldom
 felt any apprehension of danger from
 the inhabitants. On the contrary, they
 have usually been treated with respect,
 and often with remarkable kindness.
 Hospitality is reckoned a virtue, and to
 maltreat a stranger, especially a white
 man, is esteemed a heinous offence.
 When Park was murdered at Boussa,
 because he made war on the natives,
 all the surrounding country reproached
 that city for doing violence to a strang
 er, and 30 years after, when Lander
 passed through the country, the inhabi
 tants of Boussa were still heartily
 ashamed of the deed. The Landers
 remained two or three months at Bous
 sa, and were treated with great res
 pect.
THE STRUGGLE XIV CALIFORNIA.
 The spectacle of a Slave-holding
 President —a slave-holding Cabinet and
 a slaveholding Governor in California,
 have emboldened the South to assume
 even a more aggressive tone and de
 rneanor. The South Carolina 'chival
 alry’ grow each day more violent in
 language, and threaten with unmistak
 able distinctness the forcible establish
 ment of slavery on the Pacific shores.
 A new phase of the slave trade has al
 ready commenced; and iho gold mines
of the Western w orld just unfolded to
 us, are likely to renew, in ihe priva
 tions of a forced emigration beyond the
 Rocky Mountains, the horrors of the
 middle passage, and the terrible suffer
 ings of which the gold of Cuba and the
 Atlantic shores of America were the
 original moving cause
 The pretension that California is un
 fit for slave labor—an invention got up
 bv the Northern allies of slavery prop
 agandism—is scouted at by the South
 ern dealers in human chatties 1 hey
 know that American Slavery was breath
 ed into life by the demon of the mines,
 and they believe it can renew its exist
 ence at the same source. AN e quote,
 says the Albany Atlas, from one of the
 influential papers of the South, (the
 Georgia Constitutionalist,) an asser
 tion of the fitness ot the new territories
 for slavery, and an avowal of a purport
 to colonize therein with slaves, at all
 hazards:—
 “The Northern prints begin to indi
 cate serious apprehensions that after all
 the assertions to the contrary, slavery
 can and will exist in California. We
 have long believed, and contended, that
 slav e labor will be very profitable in that
 country —particularly so, since the dis
 covery of the gold mines. No labors
 can be so well adapted for mining pur
 poses as slave labor. When the peo
 ple of California ascertain this fact to a
 demonstration, they will insist on the
 introduction of slaves into that country.
 For Congress to interfere with thatj
 right to introduce them, would ho not
 only unconstitutional, but grossly op
 pressive and unjust.
 In defiance of all the sinister predic
 tions, North and South, that slavery
 never can exist in California, we confi-,
 dently expect to see the Southern peo
 ple vet enjoying their full share of that
 valuable territory for which her sons
 have so bravely fought, —and in due
 time slaveholding States on the Pacific,
 represented in Congress by slavehold
 ing citizens whose voices will be raised
 in trumpet tones, in defence of the insti
 tutions of their forefathers.”— Hartford)
 Republican,
UNION OF THF, DEMOCRACY OF
 VERMO NT -Til FIR PL AT FOR &gt;l.
 The Democracy of V'erinont of both
 sections, met in separate Convention at
 Montpelier, on the Hist May. The
 question of the fusion of the two had
 been contemplated. Committees of
 conference were appointed and unani
 mously resolved on a set of resolutions,
 which were then adopted -'eh con
 vention, the convention sec
 tion adjourned, and came into the Hall
 of the Free Democracy.
 A new organization of the Conven
 tion followed, in which the Vice-Presi
 dents, Secretaries and Committees were
 brought from each of the two parties.
 The resolutions adopted, are as fol
 lows.
 Resolved, That liberty is a right in
 herent and inalienable in man, and that
 herein all men are equal.
 Resolved, That to secure the bles
 sings of liberty was one great object for
 which the constitution of the United!
 States was ordained.
 Resolved, That as liberty is the
 clearest right and dearest interest of
 the individual, and its security the
 highest duty of the body politic, we de
 clare, as the first point and article in
 this organization, that American sla
 very is a great evil and wrong, which
 ought to be repented of and abandon
 ed.
 Resolved, That we claim no author
 ity in the federal government to abol-;
 ish slavery in the several states, but
 we do claim for it constitutional power
 to prohibit the introduction ot slavery
 into any territory now free, and to abol
 ish it wherever under the jurisdiction of
 Congress it exists.
 Resolved, That this power ought irn-l
 mediately to be exercised in prohibit
 ing the introduction and existence of
 slavery in New Mexico and California,
 in abolishing slavery and the slave
 trade in the District of Columbia, on
 the high seas, and wherever else, un
 der the constitution it may be reached.
 Resolved, That no more slave states*
 should be admitted into the federal
 Union.
 Resolved, That the government
 ought to return to its ancient policy,
 not to extend, nationalize, or encour
 age, but to limit, localize, and discour
 age slavery.
 Resolved, That we demand for the
 people a cheaper system of postage, a
 retrenchment of the expenses and pat
 ronage of the federal government, so
 far as may be practicable, by the peo
 ple*
 Resolved, That we are opposed to
 land monopoly, and believe that the
 public lands should be granted to act-
 I ual settlers, in limited quantities, at the
 cost of survey and transfer,
 i Resolved, That the education of the
 children of the state is a matter of pub
 lic concern, which the state ought to
 care for, and the property of the state
 ought to pay for.
 Resolved, That we consider that the
 issues which formerly divided ihe dem
 ocrat* and whigs in relation to an Uni
 ted States bank, sub-treasury, and dis
 tribution of the proceeds ot the public
 lands, have been settled, and that we
 are not disposed, in the present posi
 i tion of the political affairs of the nation,
 I to countenance their revival, whatever
 m ay have been our individual opinions
 I heretofore on those subjects.
 Resolved, That we can support no
 man as a candidate for state or nation
 al offices, who does not sanction the
 principles embodied in the foregoing
 resolutions.
 Resolved, That we discover in the
 acts of the present administration no
 indications of friendship to the cause of
 freedom
J« IH« K
WHOI.K NU is
Resolved, I hat will achcre fum
 |y to the principle* here pn-rltimeo, re
 gardles* of the “indignant lrown» ot
 slaveholding executive, ami unawej l*v
 the tear ot being disturbed in llm de
 fence ot the fundamental doctrine* ot
 republican freedom.
 From the OinMrsvp'
 iixm.im. or Tin: nr.\ taiw
 di m id
 \Y e call bun Kev though we are
 told that many of the reverend* do not
 admit that he ever belonged to their
 number We believe he was not grad
 uated from a college or theological sem
 inary, but he felt himself called to
 preach in one of the dipped sects, was
 a Millerite anil revivalist, and believed
 m eternal punishment of the wicked
 Rv circumstantial evidence, he was
 convicted m the Court ot ommoii
 Pleas of Grafton County, N. 11., tor the
 murder of his wife Bv the kindness
 of a friend who was in Haverhill on
 Wednesday, we are enabled to give all
 the facts and circumstances in relation
 to his execution which are ot any im
 portance to our readers. YY e most
 feelinglv and earnestly commend these
 stubborn facts to the consideration ot the
 advocates for hanging, and especially
 to clergymen.
 The law of New Hampshire is sinu
 lar to our own in regard to the privaev
 of execution It is to be confined in
 the jail yard and a privileged few
 The great lesson m the gallows is to be
 kept, probably on the same principle
 that the Roman ('atholics have kept tlie
 Bible, from the vulgar. The very men
 who, if any, need the lesson, must take
 it only at dull second hand. But as the
 jail yard is a very small enclosure, the
 admirers of the hangoramu well knew
 that it could not be hid from them No
 they flocked into Haverhill by thous
 ands, from the distance of thirty or
 forty miles, early in the morning, men
 and women. And the first thing they
 did was to quality themselves for the
 moral instruction, by potations ot New
 Knglatid ruin. The rum tavern had to
 double its force to deal out the distilled
 damnation fast enough to satisfy the
 thirst of some IMMM) pupils of the gul
 lows. The women at first exhibited
 some timidity in taking their place near
 the fatal jail yard, but one more bold
 than the rest leading the way, they
 rushed on, and securing a good posi
 tion kept it from H in the morning to ‘i,
 P. M., in anticipation of the spectacle.
 No sympathy with the sufferer found
 them there. What daughters, what
 wives, what mothers, think you, are
 they
 Our friend passed freely through the
 crowd, and by being a perfect stranger,
 was able to gather the exact sense and
 spirit of it. The men crowded, cursed
 and joked. The boys climbed trees,
 laughed and shouted. Ihe maudlin
 drunkards staggered, and held them
 selves up by posts and fences By the
 way, the officers, to gratify the crowd,
 so far evaded the law as to build the
 platform at a great height, so as to be
 in plain view of all. The gallows was
 a single joist projecting from a window
 above. When the victim dropped
 through the platform, he was, in obedi
 ence to the law, to dropout ot the? sight
 of the crowd, so that the lesson to this
 extent should he clipped ot its fair pro
 portions. But the hopeful youngsters
 on the trees, and the people on the
 neighboring houses, defeated this mod
 esty of the law, and had a tail view of
 the whole.
 Bv very careful and discreet inquiry,
 it was ascertained that the motley
 crowd, drunk and sober, men and wo
 men, were almost unanimously strong
 in the faith of capital punishments, and
 what is more they were prepared to de
 fend their faith from the Scriptures.
 ‘Do you think this is right'’ asked
 our friend.
 ‘Right! to be sure 1 do,’ replied a fe
 rocious rurntny, ‘Whoso sheddetb man’s
 blood, by man shall his blood he shed,
 by G—-d
 ‘But do you find that in the New Tes
 tament'’ added out friend.
 ‘Why, d n it, if we give up one
 part of the Bible, we may as well give
 up the whole,’"rejoined the zealous the
 ologian
 Indeed, the whole crowd seemed pet
 fectly prepared in the Scripture proofs,
 and by quoting all the strong texts they
 contrived to strengthen themselves for
 the five or six mortal hours in which it
 was their destiny to stand reeking m
 foul air and blasphemy, for thfe gratifi
 cation of that feeling on which theology
 relies for the safety of man’s govern
 ment and God's.
 The platform was occupied by a
 number of clergymen and sheriff* ol
 the neighboring counties, who came to
 see broth. Ketch safe through his ugly
 job. lu the midst of them, r.lder Dud
 ley came forward attended by Sheriff
 Powers, and the chaplain of the prison
 He asked arid obtained leave to speak,
 and in a few words, uttered in a firm
 loud tone, he solemnly asserted his en
 tire innocence of the crime for which he
 was to suffer, and expressed his hope
 of heaven, to which he was confident
 he could go from the gallows as well as
 any other place. Sealing hi* assertions
 with an address to his Maker, the slier
 iff did his Cristian duty and the hie
 was choked out of the clay!
 With armies of satisfaction and oaths
 of delight, the edified crowd retired to
 renew their flotations at the grog tavern,
 and the pressure for more of the wiur
 dtr-ttfd was perfectly impenetrable
 The fun grew fast and furious, and all
 the lower propensities held their carni
 val. The darling propensity of Jona
 than to jockey and trade exhibited it
 self in full force, from swapping jack
 knives to swapping horses and wagons,
 and much was the boot that passed from
 the comparatively drunk to the mors
 prudently sober.
