(Communications.
 Tbf Disgraceful Proceeding in Zion
 Church. X. V.
 Frederick Docglaw— l am not at all sur-
 si jour attempt in this week's paper. t«
 ficulpat*' yourself from the shame and dis
 wnh which you covered y-atirseh atthr
 i. ;f meeting in New York. I hail this van
 inefn t on your p3rt as an omen of good,
 ind an evidence of repentance. 1 trust thu
 voU will act according to your convictions, am
 -,u vou will do no violence to tour conscience
 1 shall not, my deai air, make a long reply
 j, vour marvelous article, for tl»e guild reas*«.
 npfl,.- 1* n -eded. M *rc than two thousand wit
 do testify that Mt. Ward's statement!
 m every pimcolai true, and that he migh
 have said iruich more to your deiriment. I
 ijit: that for vour own credit, you will r**ca*
 *.nae statements which you make,or you wil
 j,i*e vour reputation for candor and veraettv
 and at the same u ue acquire a world* wi(t&lt;
 -am-? for having a very treacherous memory.
 ,nd a most extraordinary imagination in th
 Apartment of reports.
 1 a n glad to read the foil* wing sentence in
 last piper. 1 never nave been guilty,
 /never exjKJct to he guilty &lt;d opposing the
 r.wng the Bible to anv portion of the human
 family." i rejoice to se&lt;: vou plead noi
 guilty/’ But nevertheless whe I remember,
 .hat you sa d mote than once, that the at*
 i--mpt to give the Bible to the slaves, was a
 humbug a’id foofifhneas, and that it would
 nuke them more wretched, if they had it
 while m such a condition give them them
 selves first, arid talk about the Bible after
 wards’’. hen 1 remember these wo/ds, I
 c iciude, that -you have either repented, or
 have the uusfohune of having a verv bad mem
 ory.
 &gt;a challenge me, iu conjunction with
 v'essra. Ward arid Bibb, to meet you in a
 newspaper discussiou. This 1 should love to
 do. if 1 had time. My parish is large, and
 all .-.i my ume is occupied in doing the work
 l a preacher oi tho gospel. But if Goliath
 iefi-th, David must come to the combat in hi&gt;
 own way. According to the laws of honor,
 (and you are an honorable man.) I have the
 privilege of choosing weapons. I will there
 fore meet vou in an ora) discussion, either in
 Rochester, Geneva, or Canandaigua, ai any
 Ume upon which we can n&lt;Mee, arid I hope
 hat the nine will soon come.
 in conclusion, I mn&gt;v romaik, that it i“ a
 pity that you, and a large class of men of the
 -ame school, cannot accord honesty of pur
 pose and wisdom o» any person who differs
 irorn you in opinion. But it is my humble
 opinion, ihat thought, wisdom and knowl
 edge, have a wider field than even yourca-l
 j acinus mind: and that, long after we shall,
 iiuvc been bimed and forgotten, there will,
 vtill hr some philanthropy and patriotism leftj
 upon the eaitn.
 accuse me of‘‘desiring to build uptny
 i ini' !»y meanly tiaducing and defaming,
 uilif.w IVmill mo, tin dear sir, to say,
 »iv, j I iv :e even a.* ambitious of fame as.
 v.-uiseit, l t onM pms'.ie nr, course without
 ■a ti i'' to v i im without having the honor 1
 of yuut acquaintance, cub -r personally or by j
 reputation.
 I am your obedient servant, I
 HENRY H GARNET.
 lii vtv a, J nitc Hi.
 Three Mouths in Philadelphia during
 ihe Winter of 1840.
 FIRST LETTER.
 Frederick Douglass In the month of
 L* -(-ember, l passed mio the Staie of Pennsyl
 vania, an.) on the 14*it of the same month
 attended a Convention beine liolden in Harris
 buig, and composed ol colored persons, tor
 devising ways and me-ns whereby they could
 secuie t&lt; themselves the E.ecuve Franchise,
 now denied to their large and growing popu
 lation. Among the number of prominent
 persons present were Messrs Yashonwl Pitts
 burg, B rown and Williams of Harrisburg,
 Shad o Westchester, Purvis of Byberry
 Bias, Peek, Smith, Bowers, Weare, and
 Gibb 3 of Philadelphia. Remond of Massa
 chusetts, with many others w hose names have
 escaped my memory Toe organization of
 ihe Convention was properly made; their rules
 particular mid correct; the it deliberation or
 derly and harmonious the speeches able,
 -piuted, eloquent and worthy the uccassun.
 The Convention closed its session on the
 i spiral ion of ihe tnird day. Among the
 items of important business transacted was
 the appoiritrieni of a Central Board to be
 located in Philadelphia. Among the officers
 and members are ihe names of Stephen Smith,
 Dr. Bias, J.C. Bowers,G. W. Goines, Rob
 ert Purvis, M- \N Gibb, J. M eare, A. D.
 Shad, J. P. Barn, &amp;c.
 Among the objects proposed by ilie C&lt;»n
 vention, were the starting of a Campaign
 Paper to continue during the sitting of the
 Legislature; the circulation of petitions for
 signatures and presentation to the same body;
 the appointment and sustaining ut one or
 more Lecturing Agents; the raising ol a
 fund of 0000, in the Siate, for the present
 year, and in fiirtherence of the object and
 wishes of the Convention the printing of
 Iit.OOO copies in pamphlet fonu, of the pro
 ceedings of the convention just held, with an
 address to the citizens of thai State on the
 tame subject; and from observation I regret
 to add, that scarcely one of the above objects
 -as carried fully into effect, but did almost
 irumediaiely die on their birth, and the only
 resolves pmially prosecuted, were the print
 ing ot a part of ihe proceedings in pamphlets,
 and the circulation and forwarding of a few
 petitions and those even, dul not go to their
 place of destination until anion was had
 upon the subject by the joint Committee in
 the Legislature, and that action attnbutable
 aluioM entirely to the efforts and jx-tmons oi
 their white friends who anticipated them very
 considerably so far as time was concerned.
 A (Convention was called m the course of the
 winter and held in Philadelphia for the City
 and County, ostensibly to promote and give
 effect io the deliberations of the one held in
 Harrisbuig, but ically resulted in demon
 •ittating their carelessness, indifference, and
 Bek of appreciation of the Elective Fran
 chise, and iheir envy, jealousy, estrangement,
 obstjjjjtcy and opposition to each other.
 Li Kirch members and ministers would not
 because some prominent men and ad
 'ucaies of the cause, were opposed to pro
 slavery churches and ministers; others
 k jcoa of the speakers were opposed
 b-Odduijyw Societies their Tomfooleries
and extravagances; thirdly, and lastly, ano
 ther portion were so morally fastidious, that
 they could not eo-opente in obtaining thetr
 political rights, because some of the officer*
 «»f the on vent ion were in their opinion ol
 doubtful moral character; hence the city coo
 vention, like the Harrisburg resolutions, proved
 a splendid failure. Whereas, in the judgment
 ot many, had the several committees acted
 with spirit, harmony and efficiency, tbe paper
 suited and sent on tU noble mission; agent*
 appointed and properly suststoed and encour
 aged—thereby making them bold srd truth
 ful, eloquent and effective elate, county,
 etiy, town, and village and diatnct meeting*
 livid, hundreds instead of a handful of pe
 jiions forwarded to the Legislature signed by
 thousands of colored persons; and in a word
 a regular political “hue and cry” kept up.
 n all human probability a great change it
 he public mind would have been effected
 avorable to their prayer.
 Your* truly,
 OBSERVER
 Salem, June 9, 1849.
Collins Centre, Erie co., N. Y.,
 6th month, 1849,
 Zachary Taylor—Dear friend In ac
 cordance with one of the following resolu
 tion*. this paper is forwarded to thy address
 There is a settled conviction in the minds of
 he people not of this locality merely—but
 of the entire north, that slavery is sustaining
 a relation to liberty wholly antagonisttcal, and
 consequently undermining our democratic in
 stitutions. It requires only a careful investi
 gation to become satisfied of the fact.
 Thou ar t the last slave-holder that can be an
 occupant of the Presidential chair of t/us na
 tion And this nation bids fair to be the last
 whose /soil will yield to the foot-prints of a
 slave.
 Beside the use of the elective franchise in
 the direction of fteedom many are abandoning
 ilie use of the avails or products of slave la
 bor.
 It inay be objected that there is no very se
 rious opposition to slavery, even in the north,
 or Zachary Taylor could not now lie Presi
 dent.
 Talk to ihese men who gave thee their suf
 frage, and they say that Congress will pass a
 bill to prevent the further extensian of slave
 ry, i.nd thou wilt not use the veto power. As
 inconsistent then as ii may appear for these
 men to do as they have when opposed to
 slavery, as they profess; still, if they are
 honest, they expect more for the cause of free
 dom from thee than from any of the opposing
 candidates. It remains to be seen whether
 expectations of this character will be real
 ized.
 if, however, thy future course should be
 conformable to the spirit of these resolutions,
 it would be as praiseworthy as extraordinary.
 For the progress of truth and the extension
 of freedom, thy friend,
 LORENZO MABBETT.
 There being no subject in our country
 which is agitating the public mind so general
 ly as the subject of slavery, therefore, the
 citizens of Collins, Erie co., Western New
 York, in town meeting assembled, have here
 by
 Resolved, That slavery in the District of
 Columbia should lie abolished and, if not
 tmiiiedialely done, that provision be made for;
 that purpose.
 Resolved, That a copy of the foregoing;
 resolution be forwarded to Zachary Taylor, j
 Millard Fillmore:. Joshua R.Giddingsand
 John P. Hale; and that our new President
 be earnestly entreated to use bis influence for
 a procl.m ation of Liberty throughout all the
 land to all the inhabitants thereof.
 NATH’L FRANK, J. P.
Avon, N. Y., May, 1849.
 Frederick Douglass-—There is one in-;
 stance in the Divine writings w hich beauti-|
 fully illustrates the sin of indulging in preju-j
 dice towards color. I know not but that the*
 tact lias bren harped upon ever since the Abo- j
 Ittion movement, but 1 have never heard itj
 mentioned. Moses, the Divine law-giver—
 the man possessed of more humility than all 1
 the world beside —had married an Ethiopian;
 woman. His exalted mind looked not to the
 external, but the heart—to the spirit that
 dwelt within. Gentleness and silent, unob-1
 tiusive virtue won his admiration, rather than
 the blazonry of wealth, or the pomp and cer
 emony accompanying the daughters of the
 princes of Israel. Aaron, the high priest—
 the man of eloquence—reproached him; and
 Miriam, the sweet singer, the poetess and
 prophetess, rebelled against him for choosing
 one of another race. Her high gifts, and the
 adulation she had received, had only been so
 many sources of vanity and pride. The voice
 of God came to tbe three, calling them unto
 the tabernacle of the congregation. These,
 were the words of inspiration, as the cloud,
 tested in the door of the tabernacle, and;
 Miriam and Aaron were called, out :—“lt
 there be a prophet among you, 1, the Lord,,
 will make myself known unto him in a vis-1
 ion, and will speak unto him in a dream my j
 servant Moses is not so, who is faithful in all
 my house; with him will I speak mouth to
 mouth, even apparently and not in dark
 speeches, and the similitude of ihe Lord shall j
 be behold; wherefore, then, were ye not;
 at raid to speak against my servant Moses.—
 And the anger of the Lord was kindled against j
 them, and he departed and the cloud depart- 1
 ed from oft ihe tabernacle, and behold Miriam i
 became leprous, white as snow."
 Thus emphatically did the Lord manifest
 his indignation of pride, and his abhorrence
 of their conduct. The harpist—she who
 could charm a nation by hei genius, and could
 thrill the multitude with the harp and timbrel
 —was a leper. The soft, rich color of the
 brow had chauged to an unearthly whiteness
 its livid, death-like hue, terrible in behold.
 Gladly would she have worn the sable brow
 of her she had scorned bat she was now I
 polluted, soul and body. The living agony
 »*f her high-wrought mind was too deep for
 utterance. With the laurels of fame on her
 brow, the spells of poetry in her heart, she
 inus, -o forth, aud hear the thrilling cry of
 the multitude—“ Room for the leper, room!”
 It was not till the voice of bet brother had
 gone up in mighty supplication, that there
 was hope for her. He whom site had so
 deeply injured, prayed for her deliverance m
 dust and ashes did she repent. And when
 the time of her exile from the camp had pass
 ed, and forgiveness bad been extended to
 wards her and her brother Aaron, how per
 ishable must have seemed the emoluments of
 wealth, the honor that the world could be
 stow, beside tbe forgiveness of a rigbieoua
 i God E.
London, June 9, 1849.
 Mr dear Friend :—I have written two
 letters which I hope you received, and attic
 their departure, public aflvtrv continue m the
 same Mate of disquietude.
 Europe appears to bean Acetdema.—Th P
 Russian despot ts pouring his Cossack* into
 Austria and Hungary La aid the repudiated
 Hapsburgb, in tecovering the latter coun
 try, from which he has been driven by the
 heroic Magyars.
 The achievement* of the Hungarians have
 astonished and affrighted the absolutists of
 every nation.
 The Romans maintain their position, and the
 glory of their ancestors They have repulsed
 the Gallic cock and the Maccatoni, as they
 express it
 Sicily and Tuscany have not been so happy,
 sod a murderous' revenge has immolated he
 catombs of victims.
 The Dane and the German still snarl and
 fight over the Schleawick Holstein bone
 Berlin coquettes with Frankfott, but the
 Prussian Monarch prefers being a King by
 Divine right,” to an Emperor by the peo
 ple’s choice, and he looked smilingly upon his
 soldiers as they passed his Palace with wreaths
 dangling from their bayonets. Was it remorse
 for slaughtering the citizens of Dresden, that
 caused the laurel to be placed on the bayonet
 instead of the brow 7
 Poor Bologna! noble city, what barbarians
 must be Radeiski't hordes, to batter down with
 balls andWiells thy magnificent streets and
 editicea/ajid to pour among its patriotic citi
 zens a murderous discharge of grape. Little
 did I dream of this when I sauntered beneath
 thy fine Piazzas, gazed upon thy lofty towers,
 and meditated among the gorgeous tombs ot
 thy magnificent cemetery.
 Beautiful Italy thy retribution day will
 come anon, thy wrongs must afflict the hearts
 of every real lover of freedom, political and
 religious.
 The Pope remains in Gaeta, watching the
 doings of his meddling friends. What a spec
 tacle The prostrate Pontiff lifted to his
 throne on the points of French, Austrian,
 Spanish and Neapolitan bayonets!—well, he
 is so far a consistent successor of St. Peter
 who also drew the sword. But what said bis
 divine master 1 Put up thy sword, fur he
 who uses the sword shall perish by the swoid,”
 and peradventme this may be the eml of Pio
 None.
 The conduct of the French government in
 sending anarchy into the Roman States is in
 explicable, and so are the pioceedings of their
 General Oudinot. The newly chosen legisla
 tive assembly which met yesterday, excites
 much solicitude. The large infusion of ultra
 democratism, socialism and communism fills
 the reactionist calculators with dismay.
 What will be tbe character of tbe new
 ministry 1 is the general inquiry If Marshal
 Bugeaud lie Minister of War, Rome will be
 bombarded, indeed the movements of the
 French troops indicate an approaching crisis.
 But He that
 Moves in a mysterious way,
 And rides upon the storm,”
 will direct ail these complicated machinations
 for the accomplishment of H'S purposes, al
 though the restoration of the Papal sway, and
 the elevation of the Man of Sin” may con
 tradict man’s short sighted calculations.
 The emeute with loss of life in New-York
 Is a sad and discreditable occurrence an un
 generous requital for the Bittisli patronage,
 not only of many theatrical performers, but
 numerous American exhibitions from Tom
 Thumb, to the rival Artists in Mississippi
 scenery.
 The events that more directly concern Great
 Britain, are the emeute" in Canada and the j
 annexation of the Punjaub to our already un-
 wieldy Indian Empire.
 It would not be an astonishing transaction,
 if our example of annexation in the East,
 were to be followed by an imitative act of the
 United States in the West. The gain of the
 Panjaub on the credit side of our Dominion
 account with the loss of Canada on the debit,
 would leave an ugly balance on the wrong
 side.
 After a fierce combat, the repeal of the nav
 igation laws has been carried, by which the
 whig holding of office has been prolonged.
 So urgent was their need,that Lord Clarendon
 was summoned from Dublin, and Lord Nm
 manby front Paris, to give their votes in the
 House of Loids among the contents as Prox
 ies are disallowed when the House is in Com
 mittee.
 The Clergy relief bill, and the Jew relief
 bill, are both on their way to the I ordc.
 Against the former, Mr. Baptist Noel pro-
 I tests, which gentlemen is now preaching in
 1 the Chapels of different communions to throngs
 of admirers.
 Mr. Shore demurs to obtaining his discharge
 from prison by the payment of costs. So
 that he and the Committee are at issue.
 The outrage against the Queen by an Irish
 ruffian caused a momentary sensation, which
 was soon lulled when it became known that
 no ball was in the pistol.
 1 am gladdened by observing that the apti
 slavery le&amp;ven is producing lei mentation
 throughout the American Union.
 At the end of “the Annual Register of the
 j Baptist Denomination in North America,'' for j
 I 1790, in my possession, is the follow ing rep
 rehension. Signed, John Aspland, Moder
 ate.
 “Keeping our fellow creatures in bondage,
 who have as good a right as we, both to civil
 and religious liberty. Not only so but mis
 using them concerning the common blessings;
 which certainly is a violation of the lights of
 nature and inconsistent with a Republican
 I government.”
 The summary of the number of Baptists in
 North America, gives for the vear 1790.
 867 Chnrches,
 1,136 Monsters,
 63,233 Members m communion.
 How marvellously they have augmented
 during these 60 years which have elapsed.
 The observance of this anniversary ol the
 39th of May, is falling into dissuetude; one
 among many other proofs of the growing in
 telligence and right feelings of tbe age.
 What unbiassed Englishman who compares
 Cromwell with the second Charles Stuart,
 and the condition of Eoglaitd under their re
 spective governments will hesitate in bis de
 cision ts to which of the twain bis country
 has most reason to be proud of? It was curi
 ous to see the Protectionist Tories eulogising
the sagacity and patriotism of Cromwell as j
 ia? author of the navigation **wa, E. B.
 P. 5. 1 have just heard of the decease of
 tvro rather public character* —the Duke ol I
 St. Alban*, and Sir Edwnd Knatrbbull.
 c a.
 Tbe Overlaud Kmigiaii*.
 ft «rtt«|iMdt'are of the St b»i« Rcpobitcao.]
 Fort Kearney, Nebraska Ter May 18
 Gentlemen p The Mormon mad frouin the
 happy valley of the Salt Lake has just drop
 r?d in upon u* on its way to the frontiers, and
 avail myself of the opportunity to send you
 a line—and a line it will almost literally be.
 i as I have btu a ru«*m«ni m which to wine.
 The ice is ai lasl broken, and the inundation
 «»f gold diggers is upon us. The first speci
 men, with a large pick ax overbw shoulder, a
 long rifle in his hand, and two revolver* and
 a Bowie knife stuck in his belt, made his ap
 peatsnee here a we*-k ago last Sunday. He j
 only had time to ask for a dnnk of buttermilk, j
 a piece ot gtn%er-breeul and ho.-, “fur n
 was to CaJltJorny," and then halloing to his j
 long-legged, slab-sided caitle, drawing a di- j
 iitiiuuve, yellow-top \ankee wagon, he dis
 appeared on the trail toward the gold “dig
 jfjns.”—Since then wagons have b en con
 stantly pavsing. Up to this morning 4/6 wac
 ons have gone past ibis point; and this is but
 ihe advance guard. Persona who have come
 through hurriedly from the frontiers, say that
 every road is lined.
 Every State, 3nd I presume almost every
 town and County in the United States, is now
 represented in this part ot the world. V\ ag- 1
 ons of all patterns, sixes and description,
 drawn bv bulls, cows, oxen, jackasses, mules
 and horses, are daily seen rolling along to
 ward the Pacific, guarded by walking arse
 nals. Arms of all kinds must certainly be
 scarce in the Slate?, alter roeh a drain as tbe
 emigrants must have made npotuhem. Not a
 man but what has a gun an&lt;TV revolver or'
 two, and one fellow I saw, actually had no
 less than three bownr knives stuck u his belt.
 Many of the parties as orignally formed ia the
 States, have had dissensions, and are broken
 up, and each fellow is strikingout fi»r himself,
 i’his mode of life soon brings out a man in hi*
 true co'ors.
 However, all are jogging on their way,
 with the determination, apparently, ot finding
 ihe end of ilie road—and in troth it manors
 but little whether a man is in an organized
 company or by h.'mseil, lot it is impossible to
 get out ot sight ot wagons, an emigra
 tion as is now passing over the plains, has not
 had its paiallel in any agt*. .Composed, as it
 mostly is, of the best inatetial of o'‘ ir a
 country that receives it must necesa*'™}' as
 surne a commanding (xtsiuon. Many rasri*'k»
 however, are along with the crowd, to give u
 a hole wholesome seasoning. Several horses
 and mules have changed hands but as it is
 m an Indian country, Hie poor Indians must
 near the blame. The last arrival from the
 frontiers is a solitary foot traveler, who sa s
 he has come all the way from Maine, with-!
 out the assistance of either railroad, stage, j
 steamboat or telegraph wires. He is accom
 panied by a savage-looking bull dog, has a
 long nde over his shoulder, on ihe end of
 which h: carries his baggage, consisting of a
 small bundle, about the size of your bat. He
 has no provisions, but gets along pretty well
 by sponging on his fellow travelers. He says
 he wants but a hundred meals to carry him
 through, and he ralhe r guesses lie'll film
 Christians enough on the road to supply tun
 with that number.
 It is impossible to give the names of the
 companies or the number of men that pass
 over the road, hut I think that the ratio be
 tween men and wagons is as three and a half
 to one.
 Oar old friends, the Pawnees, have had a
 hard time ot it during the pasi Win er. When
 they returned from thetr hunting grounds,
 their trail could be followed bv the dead bodies
 of those who had statved to death. Children,
 young men and women have shared this fate.
 Now that Spring has arrived, their condition
 will be improved. They have abandoned their
 old village 73 miles below us, on the Platte,
 and have commenced a new one at the mouth
 of the Saline, some 60 miles nearer the fron
 t ets of Missouri. Their old enemies, the Si
 oux, are pressing them hard, which i 3 prob
 ably ihe c use of this step. Several war par
 ties of both nations are on the war-path, and
 several scalps have already changed owners,
 A large party of Sioux a few days since came
 upon some half-di&gt;zen Pawnees and took three
 scalps and a small boy prisoner.
 This occurred some twenty miles from the
 post, and in the immediate vicinity of a party
 of emigrants, who if report be true, played
 anything hut an honorable part in the affair.
 The Paw nees, upon observing the overwhelm
 ing force of their enemies, who nu i. be red a
 bout 200, took shelter with thw train, but the
 gallant men composing it drove them forth
 without mercy. There was one squaw in the
 party, and the warriors finding they had to
 fight, told her to run for the river while they
 threw themselves between her and the Sioux,
 and died fighting bravely. The squaw reach
 ed the river and escaped. As soon as it was
 known here, Capt. alker took twenty men,
 pursued and overtook the Sioux, rescued the
 prisoner and restored him to his mother.
 These little Indim fights, which, by the way,
 are of pretty frequent occurence, and the arri
 val of the emigtants, have broken in pretty
 effectually upon the monotony of our prairie
 life.
 One of the men with the Mormon mail, is
 just from ihe “diggins,” in California, and is
 certainly a happy fellow; for he says he has
 got all the g Id, that he wants. He showed a
 stocking fi II as a specimen and as you may
 well suppose, the emigrants opened wide
 their eyes at the sight ol the glittering mass.
 I will endeavor to keep you advised of the
 number of wagons which pass here, and may
 occasionally find material for a letter. Yours,
 &amp;c. PAWNEE.
 Mat 19.—The cry s. “still they come.”
 Yesterday ISO wagons passed here, making
 in all 636. A caii-ioad of letters start for the
 Irontieis this morning, and 1 presume many
 mothers, wives and sweetheatts will soon be
 made happy.
 Receipts
 For the .North Sta r, to June 20, 1649.
 Don. Suhi.
 (Jerrit Smith, Pcierborr. UMM)
 Eliza H»op! 3,00
 Friend in SymruK 3,00
 John Roll.e 2,00
 t\ illi.un H. Chapman 2,00
 Richards jn LOO
 Shephard Blair 1,00
 William Patrick 2,00
 J. li. Crane 100
 Sarah Morgan 2,00
 On in llill LOO
 R. A. N. AttwooJ 1.00
 Francis Present 1,00
 Boarne Sj*oo«er 3,00 2,00
 Syivamrs New toil 2,00
 Mary 8 ephens 2,00
 Ivory Riackner 3,00
 E. Draper 2 00
 Wiliuuu Frye 2,00
 Luther Meleuiv 2*6®
 Jawe* lUiCuck IfSf
 Be ij.imiu Welliiigtnu 2,00
 JuOu Bowman 2,00
 Mary M Cook 2,00
 R. M. Junes *.OO
 J!r. Bu-kley LOO
 Dr. J Bcemsui
 Bumcob Reed 2,00
 0. P. Bradford 2J#
 8. Humphrey* 2JX)
 William sampan LOO
 Abner anger 2g)o
 M Fmoa
 Sumo Clark l J
 I 8. W. Kenyon
 Ana J. Ella l
 j David Shephard
fommtrt iol.
KocntfTEß. Jnar SO, IS4f.
 Three is little «e an the whsm aad #o«
 ißsrie There is not ■ark duisf. 'Ve
 t*eM*we at £1,12;. YVrrtrra fh.ro 37M31 for]
 ibe ak-4 negr toe o( Ohio W br»i, 2.0H0
 m *ok&lt; Saturday at 1,98© ha. on Monday
 lie *e«e price. Cora it Me. bat there it act roach
 thsngiug band*- There is rather ihrjc quantity of
 Western Wheat ia stare at Bsfcb, aad price* are
 ia fart* of haver*.
 Rochester Wholesale Pncea C arreat.
 FI OUR ako MfcAl—Dmy 20 c adral
 Floor, rbW _ 4 m
 Cora meat, p both 45 a©
 PROVISIONS.—Petv ;Be«f,Park,Haa»», Ba
 Ikttr aad Lard. #fc; Hirese c ad ral
 Pork, (aa-s*) 11 00 J JJ
 Do. ia boa 5 80
 ««f 4 00 4P 5 00
 Do. hU- (tae*s) 7 R O fiO
 Lard (tried) ft
 Do. (leal',) 0
 Hams, (smoked) J
 Shoakiers, do A
 Butter }0 1?
 Cbeeee 06 tf* 01
 Turkeys V
 Chicken*
 Potatoes, bosh fid R 62i
 GRAIN—Duty; 20 R c ad val
 Wlieat, bush I 12)
 Corn
 Rye
 Oats 32
 Bariev ,0 M
 HIDES—Duty; 5 c ad vsd
 Slaughter
 Cab* ..10
 Sheen Peka 75
 SEEDS —Duty; Linseed l«f c; Mustard If
 c ad vml i
 Closer 3 75 500
 Timothy luO ft 225
 Flax 1 «0
 FlSH—Duty on foreign caught; 20 Rc ad ra»
 Whitefish bbl
 Codfish cat 3 15
 SUNDRIES—
 Salt, R bhl 1 00 I
 Apples, bus 66
 l)o. dried bush. 62
 Regs, y do* 10
 Beans, (f bash 62
 Hay, ton 700 ®ll 00
 Hard wood S 50
 Soft Wood
jlliijerttscmcnts.
 JOB PRINTING.
 THE NORTH STAR OFFICE, is furnished
 with nnr Job Tvfx, for the execution of every
 description of Printing with neatness and despatch.
 at the lowest prices for cash, viz:
 Hand-bills Blanks, Bill-heads,
 grammes Circulars, Bills of lading,
 CMd,&gt; l tk l\
 x7arh\	iVlT OF THE LIFT' of FREDER-
 I\J ir-iL- ASS, written bv himself, to lie
 IC K D I &gt;L L 30 cents; new Edit. 37*0
 had at this office, price
 Aniislaverv office ant.*
 No. 25 Buffalo St. Rochester,opf. Arcorfr.
 T,.,,, Hed with the
 HIS ofhee has l«eeu newly stoo. moral
 latest and best works on slavery and Zionist
 questions. Among them are the Young All. "The
 —Poverty* its illegal causes and legal cure-
 Power of Kindness—The Branded Hand—Hist.
 of the Mexican war—Theodore Parker’s Ser
 mon on J. Q. Adams —do on the Mexican war—
 do his letters to the People of the L T nited States—j
 Hie Church as it is or the Forlorn hope of Slavery
 Despotism in America, and Archv Moore.
 i intend to have in connection with office a Cir
 culating Library, as soon as I can get a sufficient
 number of useful and instructive hooks of a moral
 and scientific character.
 JOHN S. JACOBS.
 Asylum for the Sick who have been con*
 lined to their beds from Ito2o y ears.
 DR. HAMILTON’S Hydropathic and Anya lytic j
 Asylum, No 217 Exchange Street, opposite tlie
 Orphan Asylum, Rochester, N.Y. This Institution
 is now firmly establislied and in successful opera
 tion. The proprietor analyzes every diseai r hat is
 admitted there,and applies the natural and appro
 priate remedy. Although water is used in every way
 that is applied in any water-cure establishment in
 the United States, yet the proprietor wishes it to lie
 expressly understood that it is not relied on as the only
 or principal remedy in tlte treatment of disease sub
 mitted to his care.
 This Establishment is designed for that class of
 invalids who have failed to obtain their health by all:
 other systems of practice, and are still unable to
 walk or stand on their feet, and are confined to their
 oeds, wearing out a life of misery and suffering with
 qut any hope of ever lietng any belter.
 Tlie remedies made use of in this Institution not
 only entirely remove di«ea*c but give increased
 strength and elasticity to tlie system. Many have
 been brought litre from different parts of the coun
 try, who had neither walked or borne their weight
 on their feel from five to fifteen years; and some
 who have been unable to dress or undress, or even
 to feed them.selves, and in tlie course of a few weeks i
 would be walking with die elasticity of youth and
 the quickness of a pedestrian, astonished ,tt them-!
 selves, and surprising their ft tends and all who saw
 them when tlwy first came. The treatment of this
 Institution ia particularly calculated to remove the
 diseases peculiar to females, such as
 Ist. The falling of the Womb, in all its stages
 and conditions in patients, from twelve yearn of age
 up to sixty, and even if they have beeu confined to
 their beds from one to twenty, unable to stand, walk,
 dress, or undress themselves, or even too feeble to 1
 bear any noise or speak aloud.
 2d. Weakness and Falling of tlie Bowels; Fain
 in the Side, Shoulders, Back and Head' Spinal i
 Diseases, Liver Complaints, Sinking Sensation at
 the Stomach, Palpitalior, o! the Heart, Dyspepsia
 in all iu forms and stages, Piles, Costireness, Di-j
 arrhura, Suppression of tlie Menses, Excessive
 Menstruation, Whites, all Nervous Diseases, Cold
 Feet ami rinds, St. Anthony’s Dance, Tetters of
 all kinds, Salt Rheum, in it* wmsl forms, Neural
 gia, Tic Douloureux. Rheumatism, Con&amp;uinptiod iu
 its fiist stages, General Weakness and Debility.
 The proprietor has given his whole attention to
 the above diseases for the last len years, and lias
 treated them in an entirely different way from any
 oilier private j»racti.;e or public Institution in this
 i c&lt;*u try; and such ha* been his snrecss, and so cer-
 tain are his remedies in their effect* on those dis
 eases, that instead of publishing a long list of cer-;
 tified cures, he wishes to give that class of invalids
 seeking to obtain their health a sufficient guarantee
 against any false pretension*, exaggeration, impo
 sition or dereplion, so that no one need he to any
 expense in this Institution without being banetiied.
 Tlie proprietor will enter into a special contract
 with any one who wishes to do so, that he w ill ad- 1
 ,nn into the Institution, to advance the money and
 pay nil the expenses from any |wrt of the United
 St tes here and baik Inane again, before he com
 mences the treatment, and give a bond to board them,
 logethei with his professional services, for nothing,!
 if be does not help them according to contract. Any
 one thinking the above proposition not a sufficient
 guarantee against misiep csrntntioa* and expense
 without receiving equal benefit, can let the proprie
 tor know what wil. be satisfactory, and it -hall be
 duly co sidered.
 This Institution has grown up from private prac
 tice by the iuflnence of thoae who have been helped
 here, as nothing ha* ever been published before;
 and the proprietor means tliat it shall sustain itsel.
 by its own merits, or pay tlie expense of those who
 choose to make a corn-act in case of failure. The
 design of this Circular is not to make known the
 cures that have been made in this institution, because
 they must soon be believed; but to let it lie more
 extensively known to the poor sttfering invalids
 that have spent hundreds of dollars ia try-ng all
 other system* of practice, and w ithout much or any
 Iwnefit.’and still remain confined to their bed* Grom
 five To twenty years, that there t« an Institution
 w hose treatment is different from any other one the
 1 United States, and is particularly adapted to their j
 situation, and can have it cost them nothing unless
 they are materially benefited.
 From the nature of treatment in 'hi* Institution,
 f tiw number of patient* must be limited, therefore the
 proprietor doe* not solicit the patronage of slight and
 ordinary cases which may be easily helped by other
 systems' of practice; uor does be want any one to
 i come, unless they wish to get well, aad are witting
 to he made well enough to walk from five to twenty
 miles st a time, aad follow it ap day after day ia!
 succession; and also willing to be made able to en-
 ture u much labor aad fatigue a* most of people
 that call themselves well, a* be means that every i
 1 &gt;ue that goes through a thorough course of treatment
 1 n the Analytic Inslitutioa shall show by their in
 creased lueagth, elasticity of motion, hnaoes* of
 texture, capability of endurance, and imprpved
 watch, that the ueatmeat in this Institution is fooad-1
 ed oa the natural bwa of organised nutter, aad
 consequently iu superiority over every other dife j
 meat t ystem of practice.
 Ah commiaicatioaa addressed to Dr- THOMAS
 HAMILTON, Rochester, post paid, will receive
 immediate atteatioa. If reqaested. t«Arsaen wtll j
 he made to dame
 pwthe proprietor to met the ,f F ßßffr
 teqai red
S*w ViUI »4 Jewelry Mere.
 JOHN' KFPZIE having chan*ed te* |«n&gt;tph.p
 itUikw, lav ifiitrl kb Shay* tw d&lt;w»?
 North to No. 11, 3«Mr Stn«H. »*r« he in pteywre-i
 sarcewhrtK frmi pete is t!v nV of bn ratin' ra.
 Stock of Oomfc. ewwi-ti.ig of &lt;Wkl Shiver
 English. Anchor. H'#iaw(*l **i Vrrt»cai Watdhr-.
 Gold Guard aad Fob Ck»«*. &lt;*®M Seal* and Key*.
 «*,ihi &gt;nd Sdrer Pencil*. Thimhire.
 GoM Ear-Rfoi*. Bf»rVi*. *a4 Rkif' —j
 garni nwortmeat, cheap; a tarwty lavt**' -&gt;ad
 tientlrairu’s Breart-Piaa, •a*’* doubt awl
 single HutHinfi gold and pbtfd lV*n,
 br-t maiH«, !*iKwa»l Shell &lt;W» and
 Fiap Cutlery, foe. foe.
 TW above ami a variety of &lt;*Wi '*n*Wr tfowb.
 amalh kepi in our bwuarw, are ofieml ou more »4-
 vaatageoia- term* than usual: aad it pnrticwurfv
 dnwrrd that the goad* dsoukf he rxamwwd. aad
 fwites aarertatard. he fare !«rrW«i eWwberr in
 ibis tuarkri.
 We manufacture ami Weep oa band a t&gt;&gt;od assort
 j meat of SiHrr warranted a- psn&gt;- a* Amr
 non com.
 Will also keep an aNetarnt «l Accurdenoe and
 I other Musncai Inetnaneot*. which a ill Kr mM *ery
 low.
 We intend t** keep a good assortment of the be«t
 Brass Eight-dav, Sit h&gt;&lt;or. and alarum Clock*. a* can
 bp found in this city.—CaH and nee them.
 WATCH REPAIRING, fiithkillv done ami war
 ranted by an experienced w orkman.
 Farther pameubr* at No- li Statr Street
 1 J KF.DZIE Co.
 p S.—To the Fanners i n pamcobr we would
 gire notice, that we hare a variety of Barometer*
 I which will gire that knowledge of the change* ot the
 weather, so asto be sole to adopt his business to its
 i variation?. Pk *e nitl six I examine them, a* *vre*
 I man ought to ha e or*'.
 Sep 15, I*4B.
 DR. A. CLARK.
 DENTAL*SI RGEON.
 I would respectfully inform the clowns of Rochester
 and taiotmitim country. that 1 have removed my
 j otßce horn No. Bft Smith’* Arcade to my dwelling
 house No. 92 Monroe Street.
 1 liankfnl lor past favor* in tin* line of my profop
 sion, ami flattering myself tlal I can give perfect
 satisfaction to all who may favor me with their pa
 tronage. I would invite all those who are dc
 sirous of having operations performed on tlie teeth or
 j of havinc teeth inserted to call on me and *ati»fy
 thenwelrts*.
 A. CLARK.
 N. B. Ail operations performed by me on the
 teeth and Phte Work warranted.
 Rochester, Oct. 13, ISIS. if-
 Arnold’s Paffit UindoM-Nash Lock.
 i r rillS article, designed a&lt; a foMentr for windows,
 J. is the most itcsimblc thing of tl*‘ kind ever in
 vented, and meets w ith universal favor wherever
 known. All who examine the l-nck admire its
 simplicity awl adaptedness to the purpose intended.
 The object of this advertiscment lieing to call the
 attention of the public to an examination of its
 merits, the patentee will substitute for any deserip-
 I tion or endorsement of hi* own, the following cer
 tificate signed by live Mayor and Postmaster of
 j Rochester, the First Judge of Monroe County, the
 various hardware me reliant*, and other scientific
 and business men of Rochester:
 cr RTIKIC tTt.
 Rochester, Nov. 2ft, 1848.
 We, the undersigned, citiieus of Rochester, I*--
 ing acquainted with the Window Sash Lock re
 cently invented by Mr. m. E. Arnold, of this
 city, fake pleasure in recommending it fothe public,
 it being, in our opinion, decidedly preferable to anv
 other we have ever seen. Tin. principle on which
 it operates appears to lie correct. The Ixdt moves
 by its ow n weight juid-vet lies lioriiontal or nearly
 so, —j, onlv enclosed by a liox of Ru-sia sheet-iron,
 I forming a perfect Win low Fastener, holding the
 window up or down, without the aid of a spring or
 screw. It is adapted to any common sized sash,
 W when put in, which is very quick and easily
 i has no appearance of ever getting out of or*
 I -nd works with the mo-i peitect ease. The
 'lo-fi 'i 'v which necessarily arise from springs, and
 ditncultK i ia v e heretofore ieeu made to movr
 those to. -vt-ight, being entirely ohviated it
 by their own known to go into genera
 this. It only neeu.-,
 Darius Perrin,
 Pfi Budian, I. A Warn t- 1’,,,-., if
 i i r linree Jfc r orsvrt
 Elxoiezer Wafts James I ru r .0...,
 jE F Church, A.B Alesande r
 Wm Buslinell, J Hayes, .i j’)
 W\V Brvan, R S Crampton J 's. ,rl
 JCChiIJ, R Dibble, Hem, ’7* r
 Win M SLane, W Longvvorthy, Lemuel
 I Isaac Butts, A Mann, A Strong,
 Elliott Fitch, J"E Cbeeney, DA W atson,
 Rufus Keeler, S Richardson, Platt C
 L Ward Smith Samuel Miller, L K Faulk..
 Hiram C Smith, 11 Sugget, H Hunter,
 1 CVtifieateo from I). C. McCiliim and
 Slaiil, Distingufohed Aichitects.
 Tlie tnilersigliucd would represent, that for the
 last for the last 15 years he bat, been familiar with
 tlie various kinds of window fastenings which have
 lieen from time to time nvented, all of wfiieh have
 been imperfect in some part cular. I have recently
 examined and lesied a window fastciier invented by
 Win. E Arnold, of thi* city, which for ease of at
 tachment, durability, economy, and adaptation to
 tlie purpose, exceed- anything of the kind which
 lias come under my notice. I). C. M’C’al.li b.
 Rochester, April 35,1819.
 Having examined the Sash Lock recently patent
 ed by W'm, E. Arnold, of this city, 1 gave it a
 my opinion, that il possesses qualities that renders
 it far superior to any thing of the kind that I have
 yet seen, and that it will so recommend itself to the
 public and that it will go into general use.
 lltNßv S r aßf., Archiieet.
 Rochester, May, 184tl.
 AI’BLRN ami Uot:IIESTER
 RAIL.HO A I)
 CIHANGEIN TIME.—Tfo trains w ill conn nr n.
 to leave Rochc.frr 10-d iv al the lidloaing time
 i Lam ward—al Iv. M., a. vi., Ir. M.
 Westward—at li v. vt.,J» A.M.,2i r. vt. 7 f.M.
 Rocliester, May l. 18-lft.
 “Every .Alan bis own Physician.”
 THE HOME DOCTOR.
 JUST PUBLISHED, a new ami valuable Kmk
 for every family in the country, and one that may
 ibe consulted with perfect safety. A* its title {iHge
 indicates, it is “THE HOME IKX.TOK, or Family
 Manual, giving the causes, symptoms ami treatment
 of Diseases; with an account of die system while in
 health, and rule* for preserving that -talc. Appen
 ded to which air recipes for making various medi
 cines and ai tides for diet for the sick room. 'l'lic
 whole written for general u.-e ami d.»dyjj,ra&lt; lice, by
 I John B. Newman, M. L.”
 i AI»o, aeerunpanving this fxe.k, or separate, i*
 “THE HERB BOOK, a book devoted exclusively
 j to Herbs, giving their names, varietus,description,
 medical propi'rtic-.* and doses, use, time of gaiiering,
 ami rnanv oilier directions very useful for every fam
 ily to know, and written expressly for family use.”
 The Herb Book is devoted solely to Mrd
 cal Botany, and will furnish on tliat point all tiie
 oe-ired iiil’orinatioil-wanted tor gem-ral use.”
 Tin* two books are (Hit up ami bound togetiier and
 contain 200 pages, price 25 cents, or sold ec pa rate
 at 124 eeoti.
 The symptoms of eac’i di&gt;e*me are carefully given
 so hiat one may lie reiogiiizwi from amuiier, to pfii’
 vent practi-ing iu the dai k also die ti catmciu ,g
 sketch of general physiology, and rule* for kee|*ier
 in ln-alth, together willi observaiu*ns on their cau«oe,
 means of avoiding deleter ioua inlluetKXs, ami &gt;«r
 other remarks as are &lt;iecnv&lt;- i appropriate, for
 malt andfrinah.
 The Kiok has been written with great care, in a
 plain, simple, common-scnae style easily to be un
 derstood by every person, and ijy a pracucai ptiyzi
 eiau ami a thorough botanist. IV e can recommend
 it with entire* confidence, as being a w.ark superior
 in all respects to any other l&gt;sA of tlie kind ever
 published at the price.
 Families in the country and especially those liv
 ing in new countries and unhealthy ei.rn,.te?, showid
 uot tad to procure a copy ami have it at ail tom-- at
 hand, in case of mckueas a» they might fheieby by
 s sue simple reinedv save an eipenri *e and protrae
 ted doctor* lull. \Vhether well or sick, *«ch a hook
 sltuukl le in every house as a safe ami sure adviser
 in time of need, the direction given for perwou* in
 health cannot be too strictly attended to by all.
 The price at whicii the book i* **&gt;ld it so low that
 every Uiutly wuy hare a copy, and oone cilwaid be
 witikJUt ftr
 r l'lie book is pot up in Paper binding, and can
 easily be sent by mail. Postage ooK §4 ce«u to any
 aart of the Uailed Slate*.
 00“ Any person sending us out dollar by toad, and
 pod paying pontage oa the letter, ‘half have four
 copies scot him fret offoatagr.
 Scad in your order**, there h m risk in m mling
 money by mail, it craue* to if* daily, aad the bs*jk»
 ahrsyr reach thNr devtiuatioa.
 i&lt;y Foot Combe* can eta h together and send a
 dollar bill, and hare four hooks teal to &lt;&gt;ne adores*
 WANTED —Agents in most of the States to sell
 this w v rk. almost every family will purchase it if
 earned to tbetr tfoora- A snsaH capital from 820
 to S5O will be necessary l* each agent. Addtcs*.
 wet pad. GEO. W. FLSriER,
 April 1,1849. 8 Earhange-tt, Roriwafter, N. Y.
 GENTEEL BOARDING HOLME.
 SAHARLEB HIGHGATE, would reapectfully is-
 L form kia friends aad the public, that ae
 to devote every attention to those pleased to favot
 his “home" with a call. The house is pleasantly
 located at 132 Broadway, Albaav.
 Feb. 18,1848
Tlk OW iwiiy Stop.
 At V» Sr*f*t Reeks#**.
 I I.OYD SCOTT, prtrtri k&lt; thr
 iimnM 4i«w&gt;.-'»**Nd re*}** tfeiK inform hi*
 Jr*rw« if* pwbfie pmrnfly. that fce ha* nw«li
 ruinrgrd hi- estahhahrtieat «V» •**'&lt;l *0(1
 of M*m s tV&lt;-um f and l wtUrw*V Ne« and
 SmWi Kami apfartl. la addition l" ifci* *lej»vt
 mr.it Kt will bwv a»* **R »®d
 rarr. tW.As, Jewelry, Fawry artirle**. MeeK*w&gt;e-*»
 &gt;«i tuple a*-at*. *«i»d *wk«•' ah 1 1*
 nun a* odd* ».&gt;-i ec4*” •-t wh*ct» s*"*
 re**!dy *4 .swd &gt;1 ntbn pW*4 fl i* b'* iStc-tHM*
 to. keep* The &lt;Hd fwMifr Shop" well furawbe.'
 with 4b end*vanrtv of &lt;rtxi**&gt; me whtch he wth
 pay Itbevalk and diif*-** &lt;4 as **s i«t** Si&gt;r&gt; prrf**-
 (Nothing repaired a?*.} renovated *»t*h neat na**
 *ai despatch.
 IVs*» Uxgrl "TW &lt;Hli Cflfwit* **i*op.
 K'.'h .i.i March I*S.
 krato Itlfkratlu,—Fr
 U««al JnMlrr.
 'THE A»itMW\ *4 West India EmanrifntKm.
 1 a i!) Kf celrhratrd it thr cttv of Buffalo, m thr
 First day &lt;4 Ingas* next- Grand ami extensive
 preparation.- an bring mwh to nukr n owe &lt;a
 mo*( brilliant .affair* iipo« rtorii- A rvarrat i.«-
 vitatioa i« given to nH Freedom** Friend* *br**jgt&gt;-
 oot thr State and eUewherr.
 ('omr Mir' war ail!
 GEORGE WFIR.Jn..
 Sec’v .if t 'ominittrr of Arrangtro, nt
 ffairal Gran* l&gt;lffcratl«a* Frff
 tow’* \aaaal Jnbilff.
 Till'. Anaitrrno m West '»lm F.maivipaSioo
 will hr cilrhnilcil in Lhr city *4' Auburn, on thr
 Fir*l day of August next Kvlramr s**ryrsintioo»
 are U’ing made to make it onr of thr most brilliant
 affairs upon record A general invnation is pirn
 to all Freedom'* Friends throughout thi' Sun- ami
 rlwewbere. Come oU ami young* rotnr onr, row
 all. J. \V. &lt;JI INCY.
 So*', of Cow. of Ait inirrmmt«
 Mav 11. 1848.
BOSTON tI&gt;YERTISEtIK\TS.
 lIOWF FOR REFORMERS.
 IMIF ‘iilwnlrr ha* rvm.orit l« llat neat. c®ts«e
 nimt, .ukl mitmllxanluf-lintisr, No. 2$ IVatit
 Court. «Iter*- hr will t»- most happy to wekxune *osae
 jof thr Friends of Reform. at muotuNr darnel.
 |Hr w istirs his house to br thr entral place in B*&lt;(
 I ton, whore tin friend* of Temperance, Pwr, Purity
 Freedom, tlir Prisoner, Ho., may meet lotjrthrr.a
 enjoy a comfortable and ipiiet home.
 Crntml Court ot*rn» at '.W Washington street
 JOHN M. SPEAR
 Boston, Aug, 21, 1848.
 'THOMAS I’. SMITH, No. 38. Brattlr Strrr
 X sign «)t tin- Uol*lrn Ball. &gt;irn utul Serowt
 i hind Clothing Stopr.
 The Nliissarhusetts Qnartfrh Review,
 CH&gt;.MMKN&lt; F.l&gt; on thr tir-t of Hrcrndirr. 1847,
 to bo continued on the Ist of March. June, and
 and September. It will be devoted to the interest
 I oi no party oi class, Uu its comluctom tv ill endea
 vor to present an open and fair fie id for the none
 j an*l discussion matters (w-rtaining to I’hdo-m pin
 Politics, I.iieratiirr, Religion, ami Humanity.
 The Re'iev, will lie conducted by R. \V Finer*
 s, 'n, I heodote Parker, and J. Flliot Cabot, assiaty*!
 by several other gentlemen.
 I F.ach mitnlier will contain about 125 pages, at the
 pri« e of a year, in advance.-
 Coniinnnications, sul&gt;«rri|ition.«, Hie should lr
 i addressed to the Publndters,
 COOL I DOE WILEY,
 12, Water Stmt, Bontoti
 UOBFRT MORRIS, Jr., Attorney and Conn
 1 sc I lor at law. Prater’s Building, State Street
 Boston.
 JOHN i&gt;. REV A LEON, Hair Cutting Saloon
 and Perfumery Emporium, 114, Blaekhtota-s
SEW YORK AIIVKRTISKRKVrS.
 E1.1.1S A. POITER’S Ready .Made Clothing
 Store, Ml Canal Street, between Church Street
 and West Broadway, New Fork. Also—A (leu*
 j eral Assortment ol fientlemen's Furnishing Attieles,
 i constantly on hand
 M..y 18, IB4M.
 i TL ST I*l BI.ISHEH, and for sal*: at the ofiir*- ot
 i r) of the Anti Slavery Standard—
 '-■’'ion of Liberty, and Force of Truth, 10th
 I Ili wr,r i contains aU&gt;ut 2dtl pages of clone
 re-i t l eminent authorities, and about sixty
 v *»S a Price !l7j ets. in muslin,
 i illustrative euara
 i ~n os cover*;. A veiy libend dte
 ana ii cents m ikuh*! _ J r
 count to those who pmchtwe
 I Thr- Condition, InHnence, Rights, ~m
 Women, from various authors, 12} ret.
 j I*etter to the People ot tin* I mini States, too.
 the Matter of Slavery. By Theodore Parker.—
 pp. 120. Price 184 rents.
 in. \l. Brown s l.*&lt;titre Ist. .re t|u- Female A S,
 Society of Salem, Jlass. lb mu led hy H. .M
 Parkhurst, Boston ---pp. 22. Price 6 cenU.
 Colored Sailors’ Home,
 030, nr/ Street, A&gt;te York.
 F*KII.M&gt;S *.f the slave, and ctr uigerH on a visit
 A to New V ork, can now In-accommodated with
 as good Board, and at a low a price as m any othei
 house m lit** ctly. I lie house is large and con
 venienl; will hold eomfortaliiy seventy penmns.
 Families can have private rooms, and every attrn■
 lion paid to tlieir eomfoii. \V\l P. Pf&gt;v*ELl.
 May 11, IS-LM.
 I\K. J M’CI NE SMITH, !W, West Broad
 I way.
 MRS. PETTIT would respectfully inform hci
 l rieuds and flu* Public, tiiat she has removed
 irom 130 lo a coiumodioo.s house No. 162, Chorcii
 Street, wltt-te site will eontuni* to euterbiin ievf»**i
 able colored jiersotts with Board and l/odging
 New Aork, May 11, 184!).
H Hunter,
FHILABELPHII ADYERTISEMTfc.
 Gfnpral Office.
 F.O. W. (iOi.N ES having opened an Establish-
 A inent «t the PHn.Aiiei.ruiA l.vjrmtt,
 laitnUird Street, above Seventh, for tin- {Mirp*i*e ol
 procuring honest and faithful domestics fo&lt; those
 who may resjuire diem, and obtainiiig pkicru t&lt; t
 siuli as are (piaiitied and in want thereof, beg* leave
 lo refer to du* following itamed gentlemen, who have
 kindly permitted tlie us»- of itw u name, as
 Rltlßlvri,:
 Anorew M’.Makiu Editor of the American Courier
 Robert Morris, laiilor of die Impiire-r
 Jasja-r Harding, Publisher of die Inquirer
 harle, J. Peterson, Editor of Neal’* Gaxette
 Tho*. B. Florence, Editor of Times ami Kevvtora-
 Rolieit Howell, 88, t'liesnut Street
 Hiliiam J. Mullen, 278, Fatlwrins; Street.
 PhiladeljJiia, Sept. I, 1848. ly—3fi.
 V
 DR. I). J. PEI K, Physician and Surgeon, Phi
 ladelphia Institute, l»uihord Street, afsive
 Seventh. I —a,
 FREE PRODICE STOftE.
 "VfEVV GOODS jut recived General reduction
 i v in prices.
 Fine 4-4 Print*, various irtvle*.
 New style* e&gt;f Prints ol medium quality,usual width
 Fine and w ide Paper .Musha*. Abo Coined
 Cambric*.
 Curtain Calico. Sof*rior fir*** Chin** tuJ«e!ia&gt;
 Oil CtAin.
 Satinet«, good ami cheap. Ahvr, *„i iian**, i/s&gt;*ily
 resioced prices, Ginghams, varhivs quahtwe mi.
 style**.
 Fine and heavy Shirting, Sheetings and Pilhiw
 Sfusltixs.
 Striped CamUic*. Y,at 6-4 PUid -Muslin.
 Muslin dr plain ami orally hgureti, ail WOO.
 Linen.,, wanraiiie** free from ctAUm.
 Fktnre-U 4-4 good and jarh-e km. Canton ftaune.-
 wbite and cohered.
 Table Diaper and Ciotha, *d’«l»Berent Mytev.
 Apron an.: Furniture Cher k. Cotton llandkerciitH,.
 Cmm Twdhsl P»sUilr*w tkafa, %l*o Linen
 Driflmy fcc.
 long and hail Hose, fine ami heavy.
 Knitting Onion, tarioos N&lt;»., bteaefari. Iron a, ar
 colored.
 Maddmg, whit* a,si colored C*4t/*i Inp.-. .\W,
 Rehoed lost, Ciu«hed, ami Polvenied Sugar.
 Brown Sugar, goo*l ipwlity, of various gnvde*.
 It«: whole Mock exclusively fm- Lahs Guo..,
 to which the S&lt;»txrdieT would iari'e the staemion
 of cooituy merchant', a* well a* kt* friend* and live
 public generally.
 Mwn pains w Liken Iry the Marmgn of the Frw
 Produce AutmaXtoa, toumt the Snluretber to r*
 large the assortment (tom trove to tisne.
 GEORGE TAYLOR,
 Nocthwe't corner Fifth and Cherry-at*
 Philadeiplua 2d Wo- l*t, 1848. tf
 CHAKI.EH JOVf S. North Star lf«u*«, No. 26.
 North Street, hetwnen Fifth and Sixth, and
 Market and Art* straet*, Philadelphia.
 Stranger* *i»umg the city will hod the Norte
 Star Motwe the taoat central, coateaicat and cum
 ferubfc House m Philadelphia
 PtulndriphiG the. 1, li*B m*
