h* *;i» k i*»i j
 II I v
VO!,. NO. -n.
1 1 NORTH Nf\Jl |&gt;ubli*b**&lt;i
 I at No. Uuftalo Mre*&gt;n
 iht t n uU.)
 TERM*
 I *0 •l-jll.irsi j »*r Hrmtiin, «/«rd,» &gt;n tnrr. N«
 *&lt;r* rijHi will nv&lt; ir,i| t.ir a term ttiar
 *\X mouth..
 n«)i ryiw ii-i; t*»i li»*cw »n*«n*r
 ti i (u o .f-&gt;llar; i jimmi! itlf-r
 -i"ii, tn ••;:U-Srr ceot*
 ihi ;i fr'4 i V .Vikti! Ma H will to attach
 Si u&gt;k i in all it* fwin* an! .njiecD; advocate
 t vivt a.u h tsrjr.tTH'v; &lt;\ait the ftan&lt;lar«i
 Pitßf n M '.a i.ht; j&gt;. ..a iic the oiora! and in
 &lt;:ho t mi h" it «f it,, c M&gt;nt:t&gt; People;
 J w:e« &lt;4 riU’.nwJM to the THREE
 ittM.i Efsiorn Kr.Lr.ou Oeft
 i k i n v.
 m» ISIIEH S notices.
 f ticticati..* lit in* to the itumMi
 &lt;nbs» iilier*, remit*
 %'N jo|»
 -tirc.if-. arid nil other* wilding naine?, are
 I"' acpwr .*ii■ i ini: 111&lt;- /Vvf
 1 V; rtmi tie- Stair Each Stdwcfihyr is im*
 iifls i l in iit'v received.
 }»»•»*•.a «»-.i'i jin the invaieiit for four
 iii.iac, iltrp-, i&lt;» i '-w.i.-iled to one ad-ltvw. may
 Have a fifth m.n t..i one year.
 Nil i mu! e ifii nuiiicaiiou* tiiuirt lie pn&lt;»t
 mi.
 I.IM t&gt;! ,\	»E\TS.
 R F. Walnut.2l. Cornhill,
 Ro-ton; Nat'ianJ *li.i.-.»n, \rw Bedford: Horatio W.
 l u fci, I.nwell; Jumps N. I.u.fsini, lieorge
 NVorre-.t-T H »urne ftpoonrr. FKmoutli;
 1 .nil 11. Seth, Springtield David fineries
 f,: iii irnpton It. ('arpentr-r, I pton.
 !Ni —OJivi-r ft:hi, at, Portland.
 \	t tusi. Rwlmt I lloljinson. North Ker
 mn i Jonathan Leonard, New Haven
 !Ia h i' *!t tr; i —Weare Tappnti, Bradford.
 \i A otfK.— Sy.i.uA H. »;ty, 142, Nattau
 Y| ("tin* S .nitlt, 93, est Brondtvav;
 1 i, W.-ibna, &lt;i itert CountC; Man Har
 Nidiius 1.0,.' Dots. Mn« e.lori; W i ILt 1 a Keese,
 I ..i, iifit■ n xuiu illiaiuS. linltimotc, T'rov;
 .1 f Platt, pt-.vr Nan; J. .1 rtirev icnevn E. f..
 i I it;. ISath.
 Riioue Ist AM). Atnaraacy Paine, Providence.
 i'» n nsylvania.—.s. M. Nl’Kini,3l, North Fifth
 'ii i t, I’hitadetpliia; tioini*-, H, Exchange
 PI 'c, Ditto; B. B Win. \Vtopper,
 i i n!/it; La ic R Juat-, Jaeoli L. Paxon, Norri.'*
 iowii, Montgotnerr oimu, Milo Tow tireitd,
 c'v Brighton.
 Ohio.—OirLuan Dnnal'lson, L’incinnati; Wat
 xoa ;tn J (j.aim-s, Ditto; Valentine N iciiolfam, Har
 mrgh, tVarren Co.; Satnu.?! Brooke, Saletii.
 'll' diert Baalls, Del,oil
 I x ru vn a.—J&lt;«d P. D.ivi--, Kconmnv. Wavne Co
 Selections.

 I roii the Uaeitor I Republican.
 nLAU;HY IN CALIFORNIA.
 We copy the following from the
 Yinericnn Kcpuhlic, nn able Free Soil
 paper published-at Greenfield, Mass, i
 We agree with the editor that there is
 great daugei that Slavery will steal a
 march upon California, hut we are;
 rather more hopeful oi‘the result thanj
 it* Hoerns to he, T«o great vigilance,!
 however, cannot he exercised by the.
 Free Democracy. We have a wily foe
 to contend nitii. and every friend of
 Freedom should he on the alert to re
 sist its subtlety and power. It is vain
 to hope fur any aid from those wedded!
 to Taylorism, but we do expect that;
 uiiyiy Whigs, when their eyes are Fair
 ly opened to the pro-slavery tenden-i
 cies of the present Administration, will
 show that their patriotism is superior to
 any mere paitizan feelings, and unhes
 itatingly identity themselves with the!
 f ree Democracy, which is ultimately
 destined to absorb all that is really
 democratic in the other political organ
 izations’— Ed. Republican
 Slavery in California.—The
 Washington correspondent of the N.
 Y. Evening Post of the 29th of April
 says:
 “1 have information from gentlemen
 from the South now here, that satisfies
 me that a struggle is to be made in
 California as well as here to introduce
 slavery into t fiat territory.—Numbers
 (»f slaves have already gone there, and
 masters are making preparations, much
 more effectual than those you hear in
 the newspapers, to send more. The
 contest will arise between the slave
 owners and drivers and the mass of the
 inhabitants upon the question, shall
 these slaves he retained in bondage,
 which is identical with the question,
 ‘Miall slavery he legally estabiiseed in
 aiiforn a.
 The Daily W isconsin, (Milwaukee)
 says:
 It lias been slated from tpne to time,
 that slaves were being carried to Cali
 fornia, hut generally discredited. Vet
 the evidence is increasing to confirm
 this report. Ihe southern correspon
 dent ol the New Orleans Picayune
 writes from Panama;
 •‘Not less than HKf to 100(1 are now
 on the Isthmus awaiting transportation,
 two-thirds of whom are Southern and
 Western men, „somo of them with
 slaves.”
 Facts like these show how ab«urd it
 is to argue tfiat slaves will n&lt;»t be car
 ried to California—even if there is no
 Legislative restriction. The re-adop
 tion of the Ordinance of’8? would set
 tle this exciting question al once, and
 forever close the strife of sectional hif
 ternes; and it is therefore that file ar
 dent lover of his country desires that
 this question should he settled, by the
 extension of the Ordinance of W over
 the new territories,
 The Host on Traveller says:
 fiH-n ts increasing evidence that
 .slaveholders with thcr slaves, are emi
 gll,ting to •ihfornia It jv doubtless
 the (act that a large number of the per
 sons now waning at Panama for trans
 portation to San Francisco, me South
 ern men with slaves. I, htat d on
 credible authority that families with
 all their slaves are moving towards the
 gold region from Arkansa-, Tennessee,
 and Missouri.—-Slave drivers are mak
 ing up gangs of them to carry out.”
 The Southerners believe that they
 can rely on the Senate to keep off the
 YViimot Proviso, and that, should they
 be disappointed in this, the President
 will prevent its adoption. True, legal
 ly: without the Proviso, they have no,
 right to hold slaves in California, but j
 slavery has always been established]
THE NORTH STAR
without right, and in defiance of com
 mon law. no that the matters feel suit
 enough against that. It it only a pos
 itive statute which they fear, and thai
 wc ought to have, but shall not we fear
 Great confidence has been expressec
 (hat the Calfornians will prohibit sla
 very. We doubt it. There are man}
 southern men there, and more will b«
 there w ith slaves, before the people can
 adopt any provisional government.—
 They may be at first only body
 servants, and there is a strong odium
 attached to an interference with a gen
 tleman’s personal comforts, which will
 unite with the strong temptation of the
 gold seekers to get the gold without the
 labor, to wink at the employment ol
 slaves. It ahowM be too,
 that the G eecutafcb'twwtbe Territory,
 fseifc SmitTi, is a slaveholder, (as might
 be expected,) and has slaves with him;
 so that slavery actually now exists in
 California. Considering these things,
 and the probability, in the present state
 and temper of the two most numerous
 parties in the Union, and the pro-sla
 very character of the administration,
 we have strong fears, we confess, that
 slavery will prevail there in spite of the
 efforts to resist it. We know it is more
 common to assert that slavery can never
 get another inch of territory—the last
 slave State is admitted to the Union,
 and so on. We wish the indications
 were sure, that such would be the case.
 But we have never seen them to be.—
 Between the lukewarmness and hesi
 tancy of the whig party, and the more
 decided aversion of the democratic par
 ty to a prohibiting act, there is great
 danger that slavery will clandestinely
 slip in, and get quietly established be
 fore Congress will prove itself the
 champion of freedom. We hope other
 wise, and that is all. But the dangers
 are very great.
 I f-'rotn the New-York Evening Tost.]
 SOUTHERN MOVEMENTS SLAVE
 RY IN CALIFORNA.
 The following extract from a com
 munication, dated the 20th instant, ad
 dressed to us from Virginia, corres
 ponds with our information from other
 quarters, and with authentic facts which
 have already been laid before the pub
 lic. We have been assured, by a
 gentleman who has passed through
 several of the sojthern states within
 the last fortnight, that the determina
 fon is universal among the slave emi
 grants to the Pacific from those states,
 to take the slaves with them.
 The remarks of our correspondent,
 o which we w ish to invite attention, are
 preceded by some complimentary com
 ments upon the course of this journal,
 of more interest to its proprietors than
 its readers. He then continues:
 “The movement making at this time
 ut the south is what 1 am most particu
 larly anxious to call your attention to.
 Ido not wish to excite sectional ani
 mosities and criminations, but I w ish to
 see a scheme, now in progress, arres
 ted. It is no other than a plan to intro
 duce slavery into California and New
 Mexico. Ever since the hope of pre
 venting the passage of the Wilmot
 Proviso was abandoned, southern
 ultraists have been preparing a very
 successful scheme to promulgate slave
 ry into these territories. If they do
 not succeed, it w ill not be for the want
 of'zeal or devotion. According to Mr.
 Holmes of South Carolina, this scheme
 is well laid and comprehensive enough
 to ensure success.
 “The Memphis Eagle tells us that
 a large majority of the companies
 formed and forming for El Dorado,
 carry with them slaves. A Mr. How T ard
 of Columbus, Ga., proposes to form
 one of five hundred, to carry out from
 one to two thousand slaves. Person-;
 ally 1 know 7 that several of the com
 panies which have lett this State i
 carried out slaves with them. A mem
 ber of Congress, from Tennessee, said
 to me that within his own knowledge
 there would be carried to California,
 lrotn ten to twelve thousand slaves this
 summer. From reliable evidence, I
 know that whole families are moving
 with all their slaves, from the States of
 Tennessee, Arkansas and Missouri. It
 is said that even slave drivers are
 making up gangs to carry out. It is
 well known, from a fair test in thej
 states of Virginia, North Carolina and j
 Georgia, that the slaves make the best i
 gold miners.
 “The valley of the Sacramento in the
 summer is as unhealthy to the white
 man as the low cotton and rice lands
 of North and South Carolina and
 Georgia, and the belief is that the'
 miners will be compelled to resort to
 slave labor. Those who carry out
 staves undertake to say that the thirst
 for gold will soon quiet all scruples of
 conscience about the sin of slavery.
 Besides, the Governor of California is
 a slaveholder, and the principal con- j
 ductors of the press and officers are
 either slaveholders or from the slave
 states. All this looks as though the
 introduction of slavery into that terri- j
 tory might succeed, if timely action is
 not taken to prevent it. I ;tm no alar
 mist, and despise sectional animosities,
 but I cannot feel willing to see an in
 stitution so much to he deprecated
 planted there.”
 What will be the result ol these!
 movements of the southern slavehold- i
 ers upon the main question, we do not
 now propose to consider. The incident
 al consequences, however, must prove
 disastrous, in many respects. It the
 property in slaves shall not receive a
 legal recognition from the government
 hereafter to be organized for Califor
 nia, the loss to thoae who are sending
 slaves to that region will of course be
 ruinous; ihe territory will be deluged
 with an ignorant and thieving popula
 tion. whose presence will be an utunii-
RIGHT IB OF NO SEX—'TRUTH IS *F \«f rol/ig-GOD W THK FATHER OF US AU., AVp ALL WL ARE BRFTHRF.N
tgated curse to it and its inhabitants,
 and a strife between the slave proprie
 tors and the free laborers will grow up,
 fruitful of discord arid crime,
 j If, on the other hand, the slaves who
 may be dragged to that distant region
 shall be compelled to wear away their
 lives in bondage, the consequences to
 the dawning civilization aad promise ot
 our Pacific possessions, will be yet
 fmore disastrous.
 These and the thousand other evils
 which may be easily imagined, might
 all have been prevented but fof the in
 fatuated resistance of the soptbem
 statesmen, to a distinct expression of
 opinion by Congress upon the subject,
 and the weak admission of northern
 trimmers that slavery could not exist in
 those regions.
 Multitudes were led to put faith in
 the reiterated assertions of the north-
 ern journals and politicians, and to re- 1
 lax their effort to effect the passage ofj
 a territorial bill last winter, with a'
 proviso against slavery, under the im-‘
 pression that such an enactment would
 not be necessary for any practical
 purpose.
 We hope their eyes may now be
 opened to their error and to the fraud
 which has been practised upon them,
 and that with all convenient speed they
 will lake proper steps to repair the!
 consequences.
PEOPLE OF f’OLOR.
 We should have announced, last
 week, the action of the Ohio Legisla
 ture, respecting the people ot color in
 the United States. A few days before
 the adjournment of that body, the fol
 lowing preamble and resolutions were
 passed by the House of Representa
 tives, without a dissenting voice:
 “Whereas, The people of color of
 the United States have been oppressed
 and enslaved by the several States
 thereof and thereby degraded, and be
 lieving it to be the duty of the General
 Government to do something for their
 elevation to that position nature’s
 God designed for all me:i; therefore bej
 Resolved, by the General Assembly
 of the State of Ohio, That our Sena-,
 tors be instructed, and our Represen-!
 tativesjn Congress be requested to
 procure the passage of a law author
 izing the survey and apportionment, of
 a portion of the territory acquired
 from Mexico, for the benefit of ail free
 persons of color who inay become ac
 tual settlers of the same, and a title toj
 eighty acres of land delivered to each j
 of said persons free of oharge, and
 also to establish schools, and provide
 for them a government for protection, i
 Resolved, That the Governor of this;
 State be requested to forward a copy of|
 the above preamble and resolution to!
 each of our Senatois and Representa
 tives in Congress.”
 This is what the Anti-Slavery Bugle
 calls “Colorphobia wearing the garb
 of Philanthropy.” Whether this plan
 has been recommended out of pure
 love to the colored man, is a matter of
 doubt. Had the former' acts of our
 Legislature been different, we would
 have less hesitancy in awarding to its
 members the purest of motives. No
 doubt many members have not been
 under the influence of Colorphobia,
 but, actuated by the best of motives;
 but they have yielded to the plans of
 those who will never rest satisfied un
 til the poor, hated, colored man is
 driven entirely from the bounds of
 Ohio. Like Henry Clay, they join in
 the cry, “Away with them.” It is
 anything but love to the colored man
 that would colonize him in the territo
 ry of New-Mexico. If Ohio is the.
 good Buckeye State to the white, why
 ought it not he to the black? especi
 ally if it is the State of bis nativity, j
 We know that circumstances are so
 prejudicial to the happiness of the
 colored population in Ohio and other
 States, that many of them would pre-i
 fer seeking a home in an unknown j
 land; hut it should not be so. Let the
 Legislature strike the axe at the root
 of the evil, and we will award the no-j
 blest meed of praise. Let the neces
 sary steps be taken for remodeling the
 Constitution of Ohio, so as to secure
 to the people of color u voice in the
 making of those laws by which they
 are governed, and in the choice of their
 rulers—let all laws making distinctions i
 on account of color he stricken out—
 let an oppressive system of land mon
 opoly be checked or destroyed—and
 let legislation be for the poor and des
 pised, especially for those who are so
 io conseqence of the injustice of the
 rich and tyrannical; and the work of
 amelioration may be effected. What
 has been done is well. Whilst it should
 not have been left undone, the other
 should have been done first. But the
 same body which has passed the above
 resolutions, had a hard struggle to
 effect even a partial repeal of the
 Black Laws. Some of the members
 were in favor of enacting law to expel
 the colored man from the State, and a
 bill was introduced into the Senate to
 prevent any one from entering. With
 such elements, in that body, we are
 free to say, those who would do good
 to the oppressed in Ohio have yielded
 to the behests of an illiberal spirit in
 others. With the facts befoie us, we
 can look upon the preamble as little
 else than a rhetorical flourish. How
 ever, if we mistake not, a better day
 is coming. Who will help to hasten
 it Concord Free Press.
SLAVERY.
 There must doubtless he an unhap
 py influence upon the manners of our
 people produced by the existence of
 slavery among us* The whole com
 merce between master sletre is a
 perpetual exercise of the most boister-
ROCRFSTFR, N Y FRIDAY, JUNE t«4»
ous pa&amp;iona, rhe most unremitting de*-
 potism on thg ape part, and degrading
 1 submission &lt;fn the other. Our children
 see this, and learn to imitate it; for
 man is an imftipve animal.
 t The parent stprnML the child looks on,
 catches the 4peajfents of wrath, puts
 i on the same airs in the ‘circle of smal&gt;
 i hMr slaves, gives a loose to the worst
 of passions, and ij|us nursed, educat
 ed, and duly exercised in tyranny, can
 i not hut be stamped hy it with odious:
 peculiarities. The man must be a!
 prodigy who can retain Jiis manners‘
 and morals .untaftjfaVei by such cir-
 cumst&amp;nces. with whai 'execra- j
 lion should the^gjg wman be loaded,;
 who, permitting one-half the citizens!
 thus to trample on the rights of the
 other, transforms those into despots, j
 j and these into enemies, destroys the!
 morals of the one part, and the amor l
 patrite of the other. For if a slave j
 can have a country in this world, it 1
 must be any other in preference to
 that in which he is born to live and
 labor for another; in which he must!
 i lock up the faculties of his nature, 1
 contribute as far as depends on his
 individual endeavors to the evanish- j
 ment of the human race, or entail his
 j own miserable condition on the endless
 generations proceeding from him.
 i With the morals of the people* their
 indiimry also is destroyed. Fofr in a
 w'arm climate, no man will labor for
 himself who can make another labor
 for him. This is so true, that of the
 proprietors of slaves a very small pro-;
 portion indeed are ever seen to labor J
 1 —And can the liberties of a nation be j
 thought secure when we have removed
 their only firm basis, a conviction in j
 the minds of tiie people that their lib-:
 erties are the gift of God?—that they
 are not to bo violated but with wrath?
 Indeed I tremble for my country, when
 1 reflect that God is just: that His
 justice cannot sleep forever; that con-i
 sidering numbers, nature, and natural
 means only, a revolution of the whee}j
 of fortune, an exchange of situation,
 is among possible events; that it may i
 become probable by supernatural in-
 terferences! The Almighty has no at- 1
 tribute which can take sides with us ini I
 such a contest.”— Thomas Jefferson.
trom the .National A. S. Standard.
 THE STANDARD.
 With this number begins the tenth
 year of the Standard. For thrice three
 years has it been the symbol to Hie Na
 tion of the existence of an organized
 and embattled opposition to Slavery. It
 has been literally, and not reetap.bori
 cplly merely, the Stanffa'rcT'O fCieTcause!
 It has been the sign to foes and friends,
 that the Ship was not yet given up,
 that the crew was resolute—desperate,
 if you please, and that the battle would
 be maintained as long as men and amu
 nition were left on the one side and the
 enemy on the other. It was first un
 furled to the winds in a dark and evil
 hour. The officers to whose charge
 the direction of the attack upon Slavery
 had been committed, had mutiniei and
 deserted. They had piratically run off
 with the good flag entrusted to them,
 and used the influence of its name and
 the stores it covered, to shelter their
 ignominious flight, and to protect the
 allies whom they had in common with
 the enemy, whose comfort and preser
 vation they esteemed of more conse
 quence than the discomfiture and defeat
 of the foe itself. In that evil hour, as!
 it then seemed, in the midst of the con-'
 fusion and doubt which filled men’s;
 minds the new Standard was run to the,
 mast-head, the good Ship righted as,
 soon as honest hands-were felt upon the!
 helm, her head turned instinctively in 1
 the right direction, her batteries thun
 dered away at open enemies and trea- t
 cherous friends, and she has ever since!
 gallantly kept on her due course, her*
 meteor flag braving many a battle and
 many a breeze.
 “Throw euuahine on Iver joyously; ye breze# waft
 her wide,
 Our "lorion.-! Sermprr Eadmt, the banner of our
 pride!”
 While the pilfered and prostitute flag
 after many a scurvy adventure, ragged
 and dirty, draggles at the tail of an her
 maphrodite political craft, ominous of
 disaster and defeat.
 To drop the allegory, the establish
 ment and support, of the Standard have
 been among the most pregnant proofs
 of vitality and tenacity of life that the
 Abolitionists have ever shown. Begun
 without a single subscriber, at a time;
 w hen the Movement Proper was betray
 ed and deserted by almost all -who had
 seemed to be its incarnate embodiments,
 its property made away with, its char
 acter maligned, its supporters slandered,
 —“their life’s life lied away,”—it has
 been maintained without interruption for
 nine years, and we hope it will contin
 ue to wrestle with the storm as long as
 the existence of Slavery compels into
 being the antagonist entity ot Aboli
 tionism. The importance ot the Organ
 of a combination against any public in
 iquity, is to be very imperlectly meas-
 ured by its subscription list, and indeed
 is in some measure, independent of it..
 The utterer of unpalatable doctrine, of;
 hated truth, was never yet popular. If
 he escapes such martyrdom as his age*
 deals in, at least be cannot expect it to}
 afford him a comfortable support. If it j
 will lend him its ears, and that grudg-1
 ingly, it is all that he can hope for. J
 But there must be a voice to cry in
 wilderness, “repent and flee from the
 wrath to come,’' although locusta and
 wild honey must be its meat. The
 scattered laborajof our iHtle remnant of
 war-worn veterans, invaluable and all
 essential as they are. are almost lost
 sight of in tba immensity of their field.
 They need a central organ to magnify
 their office and to proclaim and record
 their successes. Man require to me
 single point to which to look, to know
whether the Anti-Slavery Movement
 has still an existence, and what are the
 proofs of vitality that it ts affordiug.
 The flag at the mast head of a man-of
 war may be but an inconsiderable piece
 of banting Jut it is the emblem of na
 tionality, and gives friends and foes to
 know whether it bolds its own or wheth
 er it has yielded to the enemy.
 The soundnes of this philosophy has
 been proved by the history of all as
 saults upon the strongholds of national
 and social crime. The British and For
 eign Anti-Slavery Society during its
 days of life, previous to the Abolition
 of British Slavery, (since which time it
 has had a name to live, bnt has been
 worse than dead,) dependent on the con
 tributions of Abolitionists for the sup
 port of its Organ and Publications. So
 with the efforts for the suppression of
 Intemperance, War. Capital Punish
 ment, and other public evils, on both
 sides of the water. Probably in no in
 stance has the organ of any Society
 gathered for the removal of these or
 analoguous evils, sustained itself by
 sales and subscriptions. And this for
 the obvious reason that men will not
 pay for the rebukes of their darling
 sins. But which ot those Movemcuts
 could have had any abiding effect or
 continuing influence had it not been for
 the Medium through which each spoke
 to the world? We believe the Stan
 dard has done as well in this respect,
 taking into cons deration the vastly
 greater obstacles it has had to encoun
 ter, as any of its cotemporaries of a re
 forming character. Nay, better. Fo
 the odiousness of the truths it enunci
 ates has been, in an unusual degree,
 compensated for by the ability which
 has marked its editorial conduct, and
 the sterling excellence of the mat
 ter it has contained. Thousands and
 tens of thousands read it w’ho do not
 pay for it and the press, far and wide,
 South as well as North, it is the chief
 channel through which Anti-Slavery
 light and influence flows. The Aboli
 tionists are obliged to furnish their food
 to the hungry, not merely, in many
 cases, without money and without price,
 but even to send out and compel them
 to come in on those terms
 To make an attack upon the most
 cherished institution of a great nation,
 on which it has encompassed in the
 arms of its ecclesiastical and its secu
 lar love, can never be a popular or a
 profitable occupation. Those who are
 desirous of making money,* or of gain
 ing office, or of living comfortably with
 their neighbors and she wprld had bet
 ter direct their Attention*elsewhere.
 (Tur clients are the dpWiiit addett and
 spoiled of the race, and silver and
 gold have they none to reward our
 services withal. Nay, their advocate
 must make up his mind before he en
 gages in their cause, to take his place
 by their side, and be little more es
 teemed ot men than they. Social
 consideration is no part of the induce
 ment to enlist in the Anti-Slavery war
 fare; it is part ot the contribution each
 is called upon to make iu its support. j
 The rewards and satisfactions which!
 wait upon Anti-Slavery fidelity, are ofj
 another nature. These are to be
 found in the clearness of vision which
 discerns a great national crime in its 1
 true nature, and in the strength which!
 enables them to cry aloud and spare
 not, against it. In the consciousness’
 that they have attained to the know-(
 ledge of the true way of deliverance
 for their People from the wrath which
 it has been treasuring up against the
 day of wrath. The consciousness that
 they have not withheld this knowledge
 from the ears of the people, but that
 they have been instant in season and I
 out of season in relating it in their'
 ears whether they would bear or whe
 ther they would torbear. The consci
 ousness ot the perception and the per
 formance of a difficult duty, and the
 sense that the portion of contemporary
 history, which they are busy uu de- j
 veloping is the only oue iu this country,'
 of a permanent and abiding interest,
 —whose issues are issues of fife or
 death, and which will extend to the
 remotest ages of the world.
 We see in every direction thf k
 nowledged indications that we t e
 understood our business and do &lt;-i
 well. The continual dropping
 made some impression even on the
 stone of the American heart. The
 ears of the People have been at least
 partially unstopped, that they should
 hear the cry of the captive, and their
 eves forced open that they should dis
 cern some portion of their own guilty
 complicity with the oppressor. Eccle
 siastical bodies and political parties
 have been compelled to assume a virtue
 if they had it not. Slight quakings on
 the surface tell of more tumultuous
 hearings in the depths below. Con
 gress has been converted into an arena
 of Anti-Slaveryjdiscaasion. The silence
 of death which once brooded over the
 nation has been broken. The champ
 ions of Slavery are forced into the
 lists. They can no longer wrap them
 selves in the dignity of a contemptu
 ous silence. The gauntlet ia thrown
 down, and they must either take it up
 or cry craven. The inaolent common
 places of pro-slavery with which the
 Northern ear was insulted a few years
 ago, are now almost unheard. The
 people bare been made comparatively
 intelligent of tbe nature and effects of
 Slavery, in tbeir own despite. Indi
 rectly we have been the means of
 changing tbe dynasty that reigns over
 tbe land. Tbe result, to be sure,
 which substituted n Tyrant for a sy
 chopbant on tbe throne was none of
 our seeking; but tbe faet shows that
 the effects of long Anti-Slavery labors
 are beginning tube reeogotxed among
 tbe dements of political fermentation.
 We have malm tbe cauldron seethe,
 and It matters little what scum is first
elemiwilt*d to the surface The agita
 tion it the mam thing If it he main
 tained the purification «ill lotion hy
 the inevitable operation of physical
 and moral law.
 These effect* haie been the result
 of means. Means, to be sure, strange
 ly inadequate, to all human seeming,
 to th« effect produced. The means
 have been unceasing and untiring
 agitation. Agitation in .State Legisla
 tures, in Ecclesiastical Assemb'\s, in
 Congress, produced by Agitation by
 the tire-side, by the way-side, in the
 town hall, in the District School house.
 Agitation by the voice of Hie living
 speaker and by the mute eloquence of
 the press. These instrumentalities
 have lost none of their efficiency. The
 field of their operations is widened by
 the partial removing of landmarks and
 throwing down of partitions. Ears
 that were formerly sealed are now wil
 ling to hear. Eyes that once refused
 to see will now look and rend. It is
 the business of the Abolitionists to see
 to it that judicial blindness and deafness
 do not again supervene through their
 negligence. As a most important part
 of this business, we commend to them
 all, everywhere, the extension of the
 circulation of the Standard. In the
 remoter parts of the country the in
 terests of the paper must be mainly
 left in the hands of its local friends.
 The small body of agents which the
 Executive Committee will be able to
 direct to this work must devote them
 selves to the attempt to obtain a local
 support for the paper in Eastern New
 York. Let the Abolitionists, and all
 subscribers who value an exclusively
 Anti-Slavery paper, see to it that the
 Standard suffers no detriment through
 their neglect. Let them continue their
 own subscriptions, collect those in their
 neighborhood, and procure additional
 subscribers. Much, we know from
 personal experience, can be done in
 this w’oy.— Enough to keep the present
 list whole, and to make the subscrip
 tions obtained by special efforts a clear
 gain. Let every one bring tins home
 to his own business and bosom, and
 give a very moderate share ofdime and
 attention to it, and a great *nnd bene
 ficent %ork will be done.—f..

 SLAVE-HOLDING CHRISTIANS.
 OH, that the church would he faith
 ful to her head! that her ministers
 would remember that he complains es
 pecially Of the wounds wherewith he
 w&amp;| wounded in the house cf his friends.
 Oh, that they would hear what he saith
 to*the churches, who walls in the
 midst of the seven gbldefTcandlbsticl^
 If I di&lt;C not misread mv B«M&lt;v the
 church is the commit. ra
 tor of the world. If, then, the church
 be corrupt, whence are to issue the
 healing waters If the salt of the earth
 have lost its savor, how is the putrid
 world to he recovered from its taint?
 If justice and mercy are exiled from
 the Church, I expect but that
 they are
 “Sprungon the virwkv-s «iu». 1t lira v«m again
 Alas! what report must he bear back
 of Christianity, who has been sent to
 learn her genius and the influence from
 a slave-holding church- My fancy
 hears him, ofi his return, questioned by
 his brother idolaters, “What are Chris
 tians?” “Monsters! They hold that
 their creed came from heaven, and is
 the word of salvation, and they hold it
 a capital crime to teach this creed to u
 man, woman, or child who has a dark
 face. They buy and sell men, women,
 and children, and offer the profits on
 the altar of their God! They sell their
 own wives, sons, and (laughters, and
 to those whom they know will work and
 flog them to death; and this they do
 without the temptation of hunger or
 poverty. Nay, farther, their ministers
 of religion do alt this daily, though I
 heard them preaching from their creed,
 ‘Be pitiful, be tender-hearted:’ ‘what
 soever ye would that men should
 do unto you do ye even so to them;’
 ‘be merciful as your Father in heaven is
 merciful.’ Can 1 wonder that the
 yell arises, “These Christians are
 monsters'” Let heathens henceforth
 inscribe in their divine book this addi
 tiunalcauseofthaok/igiving: “Heathens
 are- not monsters, like slave-holding
 Christians!”— Speech of Dr. Ritchie.
TO Till.
 KHIKM) 1 Ol PEACE IS AMERICA.
Ur*r Friend*, —We have just re
 turned, after three weeks’ sujourn in
 1 Paris, wihther we were deputed to go
 by the London Committee, in order tc
 j make the needful preliminary inquiries
 I and preparations for the Peace Con
 gress, intended to be held in that city
 jin the month of August. We were
 met there by an earnest and zealous
 fellow-laborer, M. Visschers, President
 I of the last Congress at Brussels, who
 came as the representative of the IJel
 giao Committee, and who rendered us
 the most valuable aid in our mission,
 as did your estimable countryman Mr.
 j George Sumner. We were welcomed
 on our arrival with the most earnest
 cordiality by M. Bouvet, who procured
 for us an immediate introduction to
 M. Lamartine. We felt, from the
 first moment, when it was proposed to
 bold the Congress at Paris, that in no
 way could our object he so effectually
 subserved, as by enlisting the sympa
 thies and gaining the countenance and
 co-operation of this illustrious man,
 always known ns aa ardent friend of
 Peace,, and lately raised to an eleva
 tion so conspicuous and honorable in
 the presence of all Europe. M. de
 Lamartine received us with great kind
 ness and courtesy, and when our pro
 ject was explained to him. assured us,
 io the most emphatic language, of his
 deep interest in our cause, sod of his
 willingneas to aid os to the utmost of
|l|4 K i
WHOI V vn 7t
his power m ncroinpli-hmg ur ohftci.
 and authorized us In inform «mf friends
 to England ami Anteitra that* be was
 prepared to co-operate with other gen
 tlemen in Paris m making suitable pan
 parationa for the Congress. and m git
 mg a warm welcome to those delegate*
 from various countries who would visit
 f raafe on that occasiou; adding that
 if it trere deemed desirable, he would
 go in person to Havre, to receive the
 American deputation on their arrival
 and to conduct them ttrParis. 1
 Having thus svxceedcd in Securing
 the sympathy and sirietton ot this
 great man to our enterprise, wo then
 sought access to many celebrated men,
 members of the National Assembly,
 eminent writers and philanthropists,
 known to be favorable to our principles,
 by all of whom the proposal was re
 ceived with great interest and' encour
 agement. And we have now the satis
 faction to announce that the following
 gentlemen have distinctly given their
 adhesion to the movement, and signi
 fied their willingness to unite in a
 Committee of organization, to prepare
 for the Congress, in conjunction with
 M. de Lamartine:—M. Horace Say,
 Councillor of State; F. Bastiat, M.
 VVolowski, M. F. Bouvet, members of
 the National Assembly; F.rnile de Gir
 ard in, Editor of “La Press;” M,
 Duvevzier, Editor of “Le Credit;”
 M. Guiliaumin, editor of “Le Journal
 des Economistes;” M. Joseph Gamier,
 editor of “L’Anriuaire de I’Economic
 Politique;” Marquis de la Rochefou
 cauld-Liancourt, President of “La
 Societe de la Morale Chrctienne;”
 Viscoute de Melun, a distinguished
 philanthropist; M. Chevalier, and M
 Renzi.
 Such are the men, dear friends,
 who are prepared to welcome us to the
 soil of France, and to unite in the ad
 vocacy of our great principles. The
 question which now anxiously returns
 to us is, Will the friends of Peace on
 both sides of the Atlantic worthily sus
 tain the Assembly that is to be con
 vened and constituted under such
 illustrious auspices Shall we have
 delegation of earnest inen, powerful in
 character and numbers, such as the
 greatness of the occasion will demand,
 and of which, in inviting the men we
 have mentioned to associate for the
 purpose, we have inspired an expecta
 tion? For England we can answer
 with confidence. Many hundreds of
 her wisest and best, headed by such
 mcivas Richard Cobdcn, William Ew
 arf, Charles Hindley, Joseph* Sturge,
 are prepared to testify to theiflgFrenbti
 nji»ghborathi: depth and pimpri&amp;y. of
 their convictious on the question of
 Peace, by gathering around tne most
 eminent of their fellow citizens on that
 memorable occasion. And will Ameri
 ca prove unequal to the demand made
 on herenterprize and humanity? We
 believe not. No fact in connection
 with the coming Congress excited so
 deep and general an interest in Franee,
 as the assurance we ventured to give,
 that many of the friends of Peace
 from the United States might be ex
 pected to visit the French Capital, and
 bear part in the deliberations of our
 Congress. Now, just in proportion to
 the feelings of kindly interest and
 pleasure which this announcement has
 inspired in France, will be the severi
 ty of their disappointment, and our
 mortification, should our promise on
 your behalf fail.
 Have we presumed too much, dear
 friends, on the energy of American
 character, on the spirit and fervor of
 American philanthropy, on the zeal
 and devotion of American Christianity,
 in giving such mi assurance' WY
 earnestly hope not. Standing foremost,
 as you do, among the nations of the
 world, tor hardy activity, for bold and
 adventurous enterprize, shall it he said
 that the cause of universal peace and
 humanity is too feeble to inspire the
 national genius? But wc will appeal
 to higher motives than national pride
 We call up before your mind the image
 of bleeding humanity, of fettered civi
 lization, of outraged and insulted Chris
 tianity, standing on the shores of
 Europe in supplicating attitude, and
 with appealing voice entreating you to
 come over. We beseech you, dear
 friends, to hear and obey this appeal,
 by sending forth a goodly company of
 your most eminent citizens, who bv
 their wisdom and eloquence shall wor
 thily sustain the reputation of your
 country in this great assembly, which
 promises to be, more than any other
 of modern times, a full representation
 of the progressive intelligence, philan
 thropy, and moral power of the civilized
 world.
 We are, dear friends, yours truly,
 Hexrt Richard,
 Elihc Bi. rritt,
 t Secretaries of the London Fence
 Congress Committee.
 The Art of Health.— -Walking is
 the best possible exercise. Habituate
 yourself to walk very far. The Euro
 peans value themselves on having sub
 dued the horse to the use of man; but
 I doubt whether we hare not lost more
 than we have gained by this aruoiil—
 for no one thing has caused such de
 generacy of the human body As ii*
 dian goes on foot nearly as tor in a. day
 as an enfeebled white does on hte hone,
 and will tire the best horses. A little
 walk of half an hour «n the morning,
 when you first rise, advisable It
 shakes off sleep, and produces other
 good effects in animal economy.—
 Jcftrwn'* Memoir*.
 PorvtAT to* or m VaiTxo States.—
 According to the estimates uf the Commix
 wooer of Patents, the population of the Usi
 ted States bow numbers 21,969,000 wwla.
 being an increase of 4 ,*22,947 since 1940
 This dues not include California and New
 Mexico
