Notices.
Tear West.
 Frederick Docolass and Charles Lenox
 RkVond will visit Detroit, Mich., or. Wed
 nesday. 4th July, and uphold tluce meet
 ing* in that city, Wednesday, Thursday, and
 Friday, 4th, sth, and «th
 They will sp«nd Sunday and Monday. Sth
 *n«i 9th July, at Rattle Creek, Mich.
 They will lx? in hicago. 111., on Thurs
 day. Friday, Saturday, and Sunday, 10th.
 13th. 14th, and 15th. and will hold mevttng&amp;
 on each evening.
 They will lie in SivNniSK v City, Ohio, on
 I'huraday. Friday, and Saturday the 19th.
 OOth, and 21m July.
 They will be at Greks Plain, Ohio. Sun
 day, 22d July.
 They will be in Colvmivs r&lt;n the 25ii;
 July and will reach Cincinnati on the 2?th
 July, and will remain there till afier the first
 of August.
 The friends of freedom in all el these
 places are earnestly. requested to make the
 necessary arrangements for meetings. n.
 Western New York Anti-Slavery Society.
 Pursuant to adjournment at iast meeting,
 the Executive Committee of the Western
 New York Anti-Slavery Society will meet at
 the Aoti-Slavcrv Office. 25, Buffalo Street,
 on Saturday next, June 30. I*l9. Attend
 ance is requested at 1 o'clock p. m. punctually.
 JOHN DICK. Ser'y.'
Loaning Dougin**'* Narratin' High
 Felony.
 [From the Anti .Slavery Mamfiinl.J
 [VVc are indebted to the Rev. Mr. lajc. of
 the True Wesleyan, for slips containing the
 following report of the trial of the Rev C.
 Bacon, who, n will Ire recollected, was indict-'
 ted a few weaks since for feloniously circulat
 ing among the people ot that enlightened re
 gion a Sermon, and the Narrative of a Slave.
 The report will be read with great interest,
 and ought to excite some sensation among a
 people who arc never tired of blasting how
 free we arc from al! manner of despotism un
 der out blessed Government. We are great
 ly indebted to Mr. Lee for thus giving us the
 opportunity ot laying this interesting trial br
 lore our readers before it 9ha!l have appeared
 m any other paper except his own.J
 A WESLEYAN MINISTER IN BONDS.
 Brother Lee: —It becomes my melancholy
 task, to communicate the painful intelligence
 expressed in the caption. On the 3 1 ot April.
 1849, the Grand Jury of Grayson On., empan
 nelled in the Circuit Court of said county,
 after consuming the greater part of two days
 in ransacking the comity in quest of evidence,
 and the foreman (a M. K preacher,) using
 every endeavor, succeeded in makmg a pre
 sentment against Brother Jarvis C. Bacon,
 charging him with feloniously and knowingly
 circulating the “Address delivered by Ldvvard
 Smith in the Sixth Presbyterian Church, Cm-!
 cinnati. Ohio, ftom Rom. xiii. 10. Said
 Address being intended to incite slaves tu re
 bellion and insurrection, and denying the right
 of property of masters in their slaves. Also
 with “feloniously and knowingly circulating
 the Narrative of the Life of Frederic!; Doug,
 lass,’ being of the same tendency.’
 On the same day, Judge Brown issued i.is
 bench warrant, for Brother Bacon’s arrest,
 which was immediately served, and the case
 examined before the Magistrates, by whom
 he was bound, in S2OO, tor his appearance
 before the County Couit, at its April term.—
 His trial, however, was postponed until th
 May Conrt. County Courts in Virginia at e;
 •held notably and are composed of Mag-'
 lstratesVvho do not fry causes, but examine
 and decide if they shall go to the .Superioi
 Court far trial. It is Dot my design to make
 comments on, or take exceptions to; but to
 make a fair statement oj the ficn m the ca'-e
 as I understand them.
 Court was called at 11 A d .ot the last
 Monday in May. Brother Bacon’s trial com
 menced at about 12 o’clock, and closed the
 ensuing dav. near the same lioui ot the
 dav.
 The imagination ot the reader must tie tax
 ed, in order to a just idea ofiim scene, an ac
 curate description of which your correspond
 ent feels unable to give, and the like n' which
 he sincerely pray s that the readet. nor Ininsell.
 may ever behold. The ourt house was much
 crowded with a mixed multitude. Some, (an“
 not a lew) warm and tinohd jruntis, and
 many bitter and determined foes. Two law
 yens appear on each side, viz Me. Met imi
 met, State’s Attorney, tot Grayson, and Mr
 Cook, from Carroll county, on the pint .d th&lt;-
 Commonweallli. Messrs. A. hulton, ot
 Wythe, and a member ot Congress, la.'t term,
 and P. S. Buckingham, of Montgomery
 county, in behall ol the defendant. Before
 the Court, composed of five magistrates, tour
 of whom are members ol the M. L. Church.
 South, and all .slaveholders, is Hr&lt;r?f.er Bacor:
 arraigned, to answer to the chatge &lt;.l high
 lelonv. Vou may fancy his feelings,as there
 tie sits, lai Itum the home ot hi- childhood,
 and the hearth of his widowed ninthct. While
 all around is excitement, lie is calm—!u&gt;
 countenance smooth—caniage dignified—de
 portment manly, ami soul resting and feasting
 on conscious innocency. 1 would here state,
 tor the satisfaction ol the friends of truth,
 his immediate acquaintances and tnemU—and
 brothers, and sisters, !&gt;ui especially for tin:
 comfort ot his affectionate mother, that
 Brother Bacon most emphatically lives above
 the storm, to the astonishment of ins tin i
 and consternation ol ins toes. &gt;u much so.
 that the Slier if. who took him, aekn. w lodged,
 “tliat lie had never seen such a man'" Then,
 reader, whether liiend or toe, ieffect v.ii n
 must be his trust in that Almighty Being who
 bind* the waters of “Old Ocean’ with sand,
 saving, “thus fat shall thou go, and no la
 ther, andheie shall thy proud waves be stay
 ed,” and has decreed, “That the wrath of
 man snail praise him, and the lemaitidet ol
 his wrath he will testrain,” —am! imw -Car to
 him must that deep and constant peace It
 known only t«&gt; those who are eons.-e-os ot b
 mg prompted hv vvoilhv motives, to tilt per
 tormai.ee ot noble deeds.
 I he first c ise examined, is relative t irio-ti
 latmg the “Narrative." The witnesses g.vc
 their testimony, which amounts to this Bru.
 Bacon, by request, loitied ihe book 1o two
 persona, ’lie latter a young ladv, vviiose brotlu r
 clandestinely conveyed it to the owner’s ok
 rnies. The prosecution is n„w heart*, in a
 most furious ape. ch, ol turec fours’ ]ee-&gt;t
 by Mr. Cook. ihe *p.aker commences by
 stating, that me case was a ne.v o.ie, aid dt-
 Cldeuly the most important with v.h.rh j, t p. t
 been connected, or of w hv-ii h. h.-.j a l-.ow i
 edge in the history ol this Lvi.niiii.Miwealtn.
 We iiave come here, not to dec.de m ibis c tr
 alone, (the already at me t q. uf i.&gt;,
 voice,) for, as lor the Prisoner, vv c could s.«&gt;
 drive him from the .S/ore, B i vvc hav&lt;. come
 hare to say, tf out throat* arc to
 the butcher knife, our houses to t. &lt;_• to.ch, a:,,
 out inf es and daughters to— lleie the
 speaker lifts ihe BiUe, (winch lay t**;
 hun‘) aud declares most vehernent’.y, (ahead*
 very angry,) God is the Author ot .Siiverv.
 all ate a pack of hypocrite* and i.o.s, wfuK.,
 to the cou’raiy. Mr. Cook now makt~ a
 journey on the ceateu tr*ck, from
 pursues the five Kings atid bungs bi«.* L&lt; t
 and makes hi# way onward over the c!«*ud-clad
 lightning scarred, thunder shaken, and Deitv*
 crowned Mount hhliai. down to t oliosec.
 u» Lphcaus, ai d terminates hie tire
 some tour, ut the indubitable conclusion that.
 God has legulated, and hence sanctioned,
 Slavery, aud, as a matter of course, having to
 perform so a joorcey in three abort
 hours, he had httie, or no time, to attend to the
 evidence in the c?*c.
Mr. Cook excludes hia tirade of above of
 God, the Bible, and AbolitioutMs, by stating,
 he had appeared there, by the request of many
 respectable citizens of Grayron. He knew not
 that he should get anx remuneration for what
 he had said or done, except a clear conscience,
 for haring discharged his duty to his coun
 try.
 Mr Bucking ham, for the defendant, alludes
 to the importance of the occasion, as evinced
 by the large concourse present, and to »hc
 prejudice against Bro. Bacon, as seen in the
 fact, that the Press, which should ever stand,
 a faithful guardian to the freedom of speech,
 has expressed a hope that no Attorney would
 open lu* tno-.th for the defendant. Mr. Buck
 ingham reminds the Court that it sits there to
 protect the rights of Brother Bacon, (a free
 man.) equally with those of ihe Common*
 wealth of Virginia; and in a happy effort of
 two hours and a half, holds me attention of
 the Court to the law and evidence. Stays
 Mr. 8.. the teachings of the Bible haste
 naught to do in the case of the defenders io
 imcence or guilt of the charge of a violation
 of the laws of Virginia.
 •‘All mul by Mr. Cook on that subject, is
 totally irrelvant. But to the law ot "V irginia,
 and to the la w of Vitginia alone, is the defend
 ant accountable before this Court.. W list is
 the law, of Virginia, with a violation o!
 which, Mr. Bacon is charged’ Mr. B.
 from reads the law, as follows: “Any iree
 person, who shall write or print, or cause to
 be written or printed, any book, pbamphlet or
 oilier w riting, with the intent to incite oi ad
 vise ihe colored people ol this Commonwealth
 to rebel, or make insurrection, or denying the
 right of property of masters in their slaves,
 and inculcating the duty of resistance to such
 right, or shall knowingly circulate any such
 book, pamphlet or writing, wiih the intent to
 aid the aforesaid purposes, sha I on conviction
 thereof, be imprisoned in the Penitentiary for
 a term of not less than one, nor more than five
 years.” J‘Thts.” says Mr. 13., “is the law
 touching this matter. 13 hat is the evidence
 —That Mr. Bacon has circulated this book,
 (lifting the Narrative,) in violation of the
 law Where is such evidence? Not before
 mis Court. Where is the evidence that Mr.
 bacon himself lias ever read this book Thai
 he ever said one word in approval ot its con
 re nts 7 fir that thereis a person oi color in the
 County or State, who knows tie re i such a
 book in existence Says Mr. 1)., 1 call for
 the testimony proving that the defendant lias
 ever done or'said anything that would justify
 the conclusion, that he had any intention &gt;o
 violate, either the letter or spirit of the law.
 In the absence of such proof, 1 deny, (as I
 h p a riahi to do.) that lie ever has done or
 said nnv such thing.
 'File speaker reads from “(’larke's Theolo
 gy” the views there expressed, and protests
 there registered, and also trom the Disci
 pline of the M. E. Church, South, the duty of
 ail their Ministers, to enforce on their mem
 bers the nm-sity of teaching their slaves to
 read tin? word of Cod, Ac. riicse hooks,
 savs Mr. 8., ate circulated in all part- of the
 Smtli.and nothing paid about a violation of
 tin* law and why 7 Because they are not
 circulated with a criminal intent and so lar
 as the evidence is concerned, they are exactly
 parallel.” Mr. B. concludes by returning to
 the Court his thanks for their attention, and
 delivering the defendant ,nto their hands.
 The Coni! rise to meet next morning, s
 o’clock.
 Is called as t&gt;, A. M. Fulton commences
 his plea, by stating,-
 ••The case is a novel one to him, and per
 haps io Western \a. A vast amount of pre
 jiuiice possesses the public mind ,m much s*.
 tint hit, or any Attorney's right to stand in
 his relation to the defendant, iiad been chal
 lenged He s*ood there upon rights secured
 him by the great foundation of their common
 political, civil and religious .rights. The de
 l! .ration of rights, made by, and for his own
 ;s; lie Mr. Fulton proceeded with his plea
 of about an hour and a half's length, in a
 highly eloquent, manly, and clear^manner
 creditable, alike to his tongue, lwaiT and
 heart, in winch h« showed what haif and
 wiiat hod not tube proven, ‘ft is not important
 to lire pomt, if Slavery is, or is not in harmo
 my with the reaching of It it were,
 in* did not profess to hence
 iiiat ground was too hoiy t ...cn lor him
 ;o -find. He did not profess to know as much
 about the Bible, as bis fiiend Fool: Said,
 Cook should reflect, that in denouncing as
 liars and hypocrites, all who believe and teach
 that Slavery is a sin, lie condemns many who
 had made that depattment of knowledge their
 s*.u&lt;l. 1 &lt;r a long life-time; who had proven
 ilmm-dvt.'S to be shining lights and burning
 (amps in theological literature, that Adam
 lair.. of whom Mr. Cook spake so highly
 hr- ihv before, believed that Slavery is :i
 ii i.
 ti&lt; r Mi. K. read from Clarke’s Conmn n
 imv mid Theology, on that subject, t ook,
 h ath excited, said, “1 don't regaid J)r.
 t huke'sor Dr. Any-bodv-else's notions." Mr.
 j-' _. "1 believe you.” Cook “It l)r.
 ..tik*. were to come here and teach such
 du-1;,. &lt;s, he should be hung,” Mr. F. “It
 is m.t at all strange that Mr. Cook interrupts
 me at .vi i v step of my argument." Cook—
 tongue is mv own 1 will use it when
 I pie ;-o* Mr. F. *—“l admit i‘; it is for
 the f.-eilnin of speech I am pleading, ton
 are at perfect liberty to indulge in sucii lan
 m.u as much as you please. It will doubi
 «eventuate to the advantage of the defend
 a!jj Cuok, very angry, pours out the vials
 ~r hre wrath, in muttering curses on the
 Abolitionist*. Mr. F. continued by saying,
 ihat Mr. C., should reflect, that in denounc
 !,t■ iu. Sl who believe .Slavery sinful, he cast
 Ins u roachful missiles at the largest ecclesi
 isiM-.d organization in the country, to prove
 nad from ihe Discipline of the M.
 F. FPurch, South. “But, J ’says Mr. E. “all
 this h s nothing to do with the case. 'l’he
 i.i. si -ins lo be decided, are, Has a book been
 eHi ui ned 7 Is that book of the character
 I io- cubed and prohibited by law Was it
 i ire;.: ued with the intent to incite the people
 ofc-dor io insurrection or rebellion 1 IsMr.
 Baco.i the person who thus circulated the
 book
 11. denied ihat the book wascuculated with
 tin* ii.iem recognized in the law. To effect
 s; eh an hject, the book must come in -com
 miimcatioti with persons of color. Olhtr
 w mj u could not influence tlieir minds pra
 nor ciui. In no instance had the defendant
 .-old. loaned, or lead the book to persons ol
 color. Therefore he has not violated the law,
 .t.d per consequence, should not suffer its
 jo .ar.v, Mi. Ire pled farther, that Bro. Ba
 con kid n*d even circulated the book, in the
 sense of the law. He had merely loaned it,
 and u.at bv the request of those to whom he
 M iit p. Suppose your neighboi should wish
 to h« row Clarke's Conmientary, to ascertain
 what it says on the subject of Slavery, and
 i your W orship see cause togratity him,
 would you thereby subject yourself tu the
 Dv\ It not, then defendant, standing on pre
 r.selv this ground, has not sinned, and hence
 should not suffer 3nd you are most aolemuly
 oo.iml by your oath of otfice- to acquit him.
 Nut only so-Cn the Goldeu Rule, with its
 i-utudltsa motives, imposes the same deci
 uu. Mr. F. submitted the case to the Court,
 returning it las shanks, and expressing his
 deep conviction of the innocence ot Bro. Ba
 con
 M Couutmt. on the pail oi the Common
 wealth, occupied about an hour, alternately
 pealing to i s judgrneot and prt-judtcss ot
 in--- Court, ouid Mr. M'C., it is true that
 they (the prosecution) might have confined
 Uir remarks to the nut-shell to which Mi.F.
 would J uni them, but we thought it best to
 real the subject as we have The plain Eng
 St. ot which is, “There is not sufficient evi
 dence u. conwei the tie feud ant, hence we deem
 !l P 1 c it&gt; go .eyond it iu effect that object.'*
 Mr M’C., it has been stated, there ia
 gica: prejudice against Mr Btcou This I
 do n i avlmit. Tnat there i» great feeling, 1 am
 fee to acknowledge. But what iS ihe cause?
 It has been sad, that he came here a Preach
 er of Peace. Wnat kind of peace l
 What do we sec to-day 7 persons vino had
be«i neighbor* and members of the same
 church, refuse the hand of friendship in the
 street. Mr. Fulton called M’C. to order.
 That was uot in evidence. Mr. M*C. came
 to order, and argued the evidence some IS or
 20 minutes— give evident signs that be felt
 cramped by the meagre ness of tbe teaumooy.
 Said M*C., it has been denied that tbe book
 was circulated.— What is it to circulate 1 To
 move round, to put about. Had not the cul-|
 pnt moved round and put about the book 1
 What could have been Ins intent? Thu we
 are to learn from his conduct. Mr. F. argues,.
 that the book must come in communication
 with persons of color, before it can affect
 them. This is not the case. He could not
 but believe, and was sorry to sav, there were,
 white person* in Grayson, who would tell pet
 sons of color all about such matters.
 Abruptly leaving the case, the speakerj
 poured out a torrent of denunciation against
 the Abolitionists. He hat to them because,
 they were enthusiasts, liars, scoundrels and
 hypocrites. God is the author of Slavery.
 What was once right is now, and always will
 lie. Heaven and earth shall pass, hut Myi
 word shall not pass till all 4e fulfilled. The
 Abolitionists have hut one text to prove thalj
 Slavery is a sin. viz He that steafeth a man,
 Ac. This they misquote, misconstrue and'
 mis&amp;applv. Lifting the Narrative he read the
 sung commencing.
 “Conn* saint!) ami •m«r« hear me tell,
 lh&gt;w pious priests whip Jack and Nell.
 The entire concourse is thrown into a parox
 ysm of laughter. He then read from the close
 of me Preface “Come what will, cost what
 it rnay,” &amp;e., on which he commented with;
 great warmth. Spoke of blood stained knives
 and hearths burning houses, broken altars and i
 much more such like. At the close of which,
 the Court decided that the case should go up!
 to the Superior Court. Brother Smiths)
 pamphlet was delivered to the C onrt, with
 the request, bv M’Commet, that it would read'
 thp passages that were marked. Mi. 1* ullon
 w ished their Worship* to read the whole ar
 gument.
 The Counsels on both sides agreeing that
 theit pleas in the case ot the Narrative should
 apply to the pamphlet.
 The Court read about fifteen, and consult
 ed for about ten minute?, and announced the
 reference of the pamphlet also to the Superior
 Court.
 Mr. Fulton, m behalf of Brother Bacon,
 risked lor leave ot toil. McCommet objected
 —read the law on that point, which amounted
 to this “If there was but slight suspicion
 of guilt, they had the power to grant bail.
 But if there was good proof, they had not.
 The Court allowed bail, and ihereby said,
 there was but slight suspicion of guilt. Bro.
 Bacon then gave security in a bond of a thou
 sand dollars in each case. I give it as worthy
 of note that John Cornout (a slaveholder,)
 gave his name as bail. At which McCommet
 expressed great surprise. Brother Bacon is
 now in bonds of $2,000, for his appearance at
 tlie Superior Court, to he held at Grayson
 Court-house, on the lit day &lt;d September,
 there to answer the charges above written.
 I mn \&lt;&gt;urs in the bon is of
 “First pure tlien peaceable,”
 Adam Chooks.
 Big Crkek. Stokes connty. June 7, 1849.
THE NORTH STAR j
 ROCHESTER, JUNE 29, 1849.
 The North Star.
 Alter the present number, by a mutual un- j
 derstanding with our esteemed friend and
 coadjuior, M. R. Delanv, the whole res-;
 'ponsibiiitv of editing and publishing the
 North Star, will devolve upon myself.
 After a full consultation, and a considers- j
 t ion of all the circumstances, it has been
 deemed best that the paper should be left 1
 under my exclusive control. The pecuniary
 burdens of the will, therefore, in
 future, fall entirely upon me. Jn connexion;
 with this arrangement, I am happy to state,;
 that while the copartnership which has sub-!
 sisted between myself and M. R. Delany,
 is now terminated, his interest in the success;
 t)l the entei prize remains unabated; and lie
 will continue to contribute by his pen, as!
 formerly, to the columns of the North Star
 and do all, consistently with his other duties,!
 towards making the paper prosperous to its!
 editor, and valuable to its leaders. It is
 proper tor me to state that thus far, Mr.
 Delany has been a loser, (as well as myself,)
 by the enterprize and that he is still willing
 to make sacrifices that our favoiite sheet may
 be sustained.
 FREDERICK DOICLASS
 Anti-Slavery Knzaar.
 We call attention to the appeal ot the
 Radies of the Western New York Anti-SU
 \etv Society, which we have placed in our
 Editorial columns and we expiess the hope
 that it will he generously responded to by our
 friends throughout the State. That the receipts
 of former eiTorts have not been large nor flat*
 terimr, is no rea.sen tor withholding the aid 10
 iltis 1 a:r. The anti-slavery cause in this region
 is vet in its infancy, its friends are few and
 generallv pour; the most they can boast is a
 sincere and earnest desire to promote the
 cause of emancipation, and their willingness
 to labor zealously and industriously to that
 end. It will he seen that the Committee pur
 pose devoting the main portion ot the pro
 ceeds to sustain the North Star. This
 is gratifying and encouraging to us; and
 we hope, with their assistance, and that of
 our friends in Philadelphia, and in other parts
 of the country, to be able to establish our
 humble sheet permanently. It is impossible
 that a paper like the North Star, devoted
 to an unpopular cause, attacking the long
 cherislied opinions and prejudices of the
 community,—without agencies or capital.
 can sustain itself. It it succeed, it must do
 so by donations f rom the persons who appre
 ciate its importance.
 We rejoice to know that our colored, as
 well as our u hue friends, are becoming mote
 and more interested in efforts made to sustain
 the paper; and although we stagger uudei
 many difficulties, we arc leaolved to persevere
 and to leave no honorable means untried to
 make the paper successful as well as useful.
 —r. n.
The First of Aug oat Fair at Buffalo.
 Wtj are happy to learn that the friends of j
 the Anti-Slavery cause in Rochester and
 Buffalo purpose to make the grand celebration j
 of West Indian Emancipation the occasion,
 fur holding an anti-slavery Fair in Buffalo on
 that memorable day. The idea is a good one,
 and vie doubt not that the effoit will be at
 tended with good results. Celebrations in the
 west hare long been made too much of an
 occasion ot mirth and pleasure without doing
 any material good The-enemies of our peo
 pie bare, generally, been the largest gamete
 j oo such occasions Hotels and saloons have
 received their money, and appropriated it to
 pro-slavery purposes—sustaining promts vet y
 papers and pro-slavery men u&gt; office—while
scarcely an advocate of t}*e »»m is
 in his tabors by tbe cutorcd geoffo of ikJ
 United States. This sbooW not be the case.
 All oor grand gstheiings for puxftom like
 that for which we shall assemble at Buffalo
 on tbe Ist of August, tboukf have some sub
 sdfctial evidence of oar interest, as a people,
 in the various means adopted for our elevation
 sod improvement. Tbe I -ir to be held in
 Buffalo on the Ist of August will afford many
 an opportunity ot aiding,, the cause it the
 same time that they will receive an equiva
 lent fur what they pay. Many ot tbe con
 tributions for the Bauar are useful, rich and
 beautiful. Most ot them mere made in
 England, bv the very people whose noble
 deed in behalf of freedom we shall then meet
 to celebrate. Not satisfied with having struck
 the fetters from tbe lit™* of their own
 slaves, they are earndl|h endeavoring to
 extend tbe same great boon to our down-trod
 den and enslaved countrymen. This
 fact alone should lead our people to patronize
 the anti-slavery Fair.—r. D.
 Cincinnati.
 Pnrate letters from Cincinnati inform us
 that the colored citizens *f that city are mak
 ing extensive arrangements for celebrating
 the birthday of treed o*gJo 800,000 people in
 the West Indies. no doubt that
 the occasion wilttiejinde highly serviceable
 to the cause of the oppressed and enslaved in
 this land and that this may be done more
 efficiently, we would suggest to the ladies
 the propriety of holding an Anti-Slavery Fair
 in a large Hall, amply provided with suitable
 refreshments, where the evening may be
 passed in pleasant and instructive social in
 tercourse. We should regret if the occasion
 should close by holding a ball, as i&lt;* usual in
 this region. Pleasure should be combined
 with instruction and moral improvement. This
 could be done much belter by holding a Fair
 than by squandering means and time tn the
 revelry of a ball-room. We are not aware
 that a ball has been contemplated at Cinci
 nnati but we have spoken in view fi its pro
 bability and we hope our friends will receive
 the suggestion in the spirit in which it is
 made. Our friends at Cincinnati may rest
 assured of our presence at the celebration
 and that we are anxious for the moment to
 arrive when we shall have the pleasure of
 taking them heartily by the hand. r. d.
 Colored Newspapers
 Newspapers co .ducted by colored per
 sons, have lately become very numerous.
 They are starting up in all directions. We
 hardly know whether to commend the spirit
 that produces them or not. In some instances
 we can speak in safety both as to the motive
 of publishing and the manner of conducting
 them. The one is as obviously wrong and in
 jurious, as the other is shabbily and discredita
 ble. Within the last few weeks, no fewer
 than three newsspapers have been started in
 this State by colored persons, and were you
 to put the whole three into one they would
 not make a sheet two-thirds as large as the
 North Star, Most of them seem to have no
 higher motive than to rival eacli othtr, and to
 murder the Queen’s English. Take the fol
 lowing specimen from the Delevan Union,
 published and edited by the Rev. Jamea Glou
 cester at New York.
 General Assemblies of the Presbyterian
 Church,
 These Ecclesiastical bodies have closed
 their sessions, doubtless have done good but
 greatly neutralized by trying to escape a sub
 ject which should above all others, engaged
 their first and earnest attention. iV otto do
 so, by no notice of it but by passing tame un
 meaning resolutions, refusing to lay a sin
 where it is most prominent, endeavoring to
 put a tpnetes where almost all the world cries
 shame and guilt thus they have done in the
 full face of condemning heaven. Condemning
 this as a sin which they have tried to escape,
 but have they done it 1 Have they stopped in
 quiry, hushed the voice to silence that was
 heard in deep under tones by a few noble
 spirits. Then assembled against this sin and
 then no measures though they stopped it here,
 they did not do it in more potent places, it
 will survive their action.
 The volcano is not capped yet, it will still
 pour its burring lava far and wide, and
 unhappy is he who comes within its reach.
 The foregoing is but a fair specimen of the
 literary ability of the Delevan Union. We need
 not say, that it is neither creditable to, nor a
 just representation of the mental powers of tbe
 colored people. We think that papers of this
 description, how well soever intentioned may
 be their conductors, seive to degrade us in the
 eves of the public.
 The Delevan Union has discovered that the
 North Star is in trouble, and flippantly
 speaks of the eccentricities of its Editor.
 What these eccentricities are, he does not in
 form his readers, but we suppose he aliudes
 to our low estimate of the chara ter of our
 pro-slavery church and clergy, since its Fditor
 vet remains in loving fellowsh lt&lt; with the very
 church whose members traffic in the souls and
 bodies of their fellow men. We may be ec
 centric in holding the idea that such a person is
 not only mentally disqualified for editing an
 aati-slavety paper, but as equally destitute of
 the moral qualifications for such a position.
 We really feel mortified by the abortions in
 the shape of newspapers that are springing
 up around iis, all ciaiming’as they do, to rep
 resent the mental abtlhy and the moral excel
 lences of the free colored people ol the United
 States. Would the colored people unite in
 sustaining two or thiee respectable papers,
 conducted by persons of their own complex
 ion, instead of dividing their energies, and
 squandering their means, upon doubtful enter
 prises, and poorly conducted papers, publish
 eh stmi-'xcasionally and at moat extending
 their existence to a few brief months, their
 conduct would be fsr more judicious and
 praiseworthy.
 We observe that the indefatigable Stephen
 Myers, has commenced the publication of an
 other paper. In a letter to Mr. Bibb, (which
 we find in the “Delevan Union," published at
 an extract from a Jnend tn the country he
 says —“But I will, if 1 am spared, give
 Frederick Douglass and the old “Ram’s
 Horn,” all they want, before six months is
 over.” The foregoing shows the spirit in
 which the “Delevan Union,” and the paper of
 Mr. Myers are to be conducted. It t* easy
 to see that such papers will sene to promote
 strife, and to divide tbe colored people, instead
 of uniting them m efforts for advancing their
 own elevation and improvement —r. i&gt;.
A lkttek from a devoted fraud of the
 cause in Philadelphia, connected vrith the
 Women’s Association to that city, assures us
 hat the only cause of the delay in getting out
their Appeal in behoof tbeir contemplated
 'Fair, i* tbe io&lt;JiapaaidH of ,f Cuibful Sec
 titiij. We are uiiuiß(d, however, lW
 it will be forthcoming Aortljr. ltnow u!
 do penooa in a pomtioo dot puaaaeitng ihe
 disposition to do more toward* advancing the
 nghtfnl eauae, than the ladiet coropoeing this
 Association We cheerfully rely on them
 for sympathy, encouragement, and co-opera
 tion, in tbeir effort* to promote the welfare
 of our greaiJv minted and bug neglected peo
 ple.—r. p.
The Ram s Horn Looking brighter and
 fresher than usual, even for that paper Its
 leader is ably written, and will, no doubt, do
 much to eutighten ’lib colored readers on the
 causes of their degradation. It has rather a
 severe cut at the multitude o! newspapers
 w hich have recently sprung up in New Y ork.
 It terms them “Tracts," and presumes that
 the object of the one started by Mr. Glouces
 ter. is to defend himself agaiost the char
 ges brought against him in the Police Ga
 zette, a few weeks since.— F. o.
Gantt’s Original Ethiopian Serenader*.
 Pai tly from a love of music, and partly
 from curiosity to see persons of color exag- j
 gerating the peculiarities of their race, we'
 were induced last evening to hear these Ser- i
 enaders. The Company is said to be com
 posed entirely of colored people and it may j
 be so. We observed, however, that they,
 too had recourse to the burnt ctrk and lamp!
 black, the belter to express their characters,
 and to produce uniformity of complexion.
 Their lips, too, were evidently painted, and j
 otherwise exaggerated. Their singing gen-:
 erallv was but an imitation of white perform
 ers, and not even a tolerable representation
 of the character of colored people. Their
 attempts at wit showed them to possess a
 plentilul lack of it, and gave their audience!
 a very low idea of the sharpness and shrewd
 ness of the race to which they belong. With
 two or three exceptions, they were a poor
 set, and will make themselves ridiculous
 wherever they may go. We heard hut one
 really fine voice among the whole, and that
 was Cooper's, who is truly an excellent sing
 er and a company possessing equal ability
 w ith himself, would no doubt, be very succss
 ful in commanding the respectand patronage
 of the public generally. Davis (the Bones
 too, is certainly a master player; but the
 Tambourine is an utter failure. B. Richardson
 is an extraordinary character. His Virginia
 Breakdown excelled anything which we
 have ever seen of that desciiption of dancing.
 He is certainly far before the dancer in the
 Company of the Campbells. We are not
 sure that our leaders will approve of our
 mention of those persons, so strong must be
 their dislike to everything that seems to feed
 the dame of American prejudice against
 colored people and in this they may be right;
 but vve think otherwise. It is something
 gained, when the colored man in any form can
 appear before a white audience; and we
 think that even this company, with industry,
 application, and a proper cultivation of their
 taste, may yet be instrumental in removing the
 prejudice againßt our race. But they must
 cease to exaggerate the exaggerations of our
 enemies; and represent the colored man
 rather as he is, than as Ethiopian Minstrels
 usually represent him to be. They will then
 command the respect of both races w hereas
 71010, they only shock the taste of the one, and
 provoke the disgust of the other. i ooper,
 Davis, and Richardson bring around them
 selves persons of equal skill, and seek [to im
 prove, relying more upon the refinement of
 the public, than its vulgarity let them sttive
 to conform to it, rather than to cater to the
 lower elements of the baser sort, and they
 may do much to elevate themselves and their
 race in popular estimation.—r. d.
An appeal in behalf of the Western New'
 York Anti-Slavery Fail.
 Earnestly desiring the abolition of Slavery
 in this land, and being deeply convinced that
 this result can only be accomplished by re
 newed efforts to change our present corrupt
 moral sentiment, the undersigned members
 and friends ot the Western New York Anti-
 Slavery Society, again, make their appeal toi
 the friends of the Slave in behalf of their
 annual Bazaar, which will he held in Roches
 ter in December next.
 While we have been cheered and gladden
 ed by the progress already made, and ihe
 good already done, and while we rejoice to
 observe that friends have been raised up to
 plead the cause of the bondman among per-j
 sons, and in quarters where we had least ex
 pected them, we still see “the harvest to lie
 great and thejlaborers to be few," and instead of
 relaxing our effort we are impressed with a i
 sense of the duty of doubling our diligence,
 and applying more closely our energies to
 the means of advancing this holy cm use.—
 We appeal the more boldly to ou.’ friends
 becausethose for w hom we plead cannot plead
 for themselves. While we are surrounded
 by our domestic circle, with none to molest or
 make us affraid, there are three mi ions of
 men and women in our own land, doomed to
 abject slavery and chains, robbed of every
 right—civil—social—personal—and political.
 Remembering those in bonds as bound with
 1 them, we desire to plead their cause as though
 the galling chain were on our own limb* and,
 the knotted laah were applied to our own
 backs.
 While to obtain means for enlightening the
 public mind, ia the strong motive for holding
 i our annual Fair, it is not the only one. A
 great amount of good may be traced directly
 i to such occasions. Many who are now acme
 workers in behalf of ibis holy movement be
 came first interested in it through the instru
 i mentality of those annual exhibitions, of
 anti-slavery industry, tact and skill.
 The present object of the Rochester anti-
 alavery Bazaar is for the general enlighten
 ment of the public mind on the subject ot.
 slavery. Recognizing the North Star, (pub
 j lished in this city) as an efficient Anu-Slave
 rv instrumentality, we propose that the funds
 j raised by the Sale of articles at the Bazaar
 (on behalf of which we here appeal) shall
 j be mainly appropriated to the support of that
 important papei.
 We gratefully acknowledge the prompt
 assistance rendered to our last Fan by our
 friends and coadjutors in various parts of our
 own Stale, Wisconsin, and Michigan and we
 earnestly solicit tbir continued co-operauon
 wuh ua in the good work. That no time
 i may be lost, we especially recommend to
 them the immediate formation of ae wring ca
ete»io their various towns with a view to
 malting article* for the Rochester Bazaar.
 We would also in this connection render out
 heartfelt thanks to our British friends for the
 valuable aid encoded by them to oor hsi
 year's Fair and ns would again warmly so
 lirit ibeir generous assistance It is due nui
 irons-Allantic friends to tay that, for much ol
 the interest felt in c»ur last Bazaar we were
 indebted to them, and we aue itsuxded that
 their continued co-operation will essentially
 promote the success of our approaching De
 cember Bazaar, and the advancement ol the
 cause of the slave m our land.
 We hope that ihe foregoing appeal will
 commend itself to our philanthropic fnends
 on both sides the Atlantic, and that thev will
 cordially unite with us in tho effort here pro
 posed.
 Ren noi—inglorious rr»r
 Unnerve* the man,
 Struggle—’(it Gods behest'
 Fill up life's little span
 ith God like deeds—it is the lest
 Test of the high-born soul.
 Ami lofty aim;
 The test in history’s scroll
 Of every honoured name
 Mooe I Hit the brave shall win the goal'
 Signed on behalf of the Fair Comm ttec,
 VMY POST
 Colored Citizens ol Ohio.
 Among (he many effort* now being made
 for our lnformation, rooral ele
 vation and promotion to the just claims of
 humanity and manhood—amidst the various
 conflicts and struggles—the anxious cares,
 uncertainties and imminent hazards—amidst
 the dangers, persecutions and manly da ings
 attempted in our own behalf and in defence
 of our own rights—there are none j -rad
 venture deserving of more notice ami t redit
 than those of our colored hrethren in Oh o.
 For years have our Ohio brethren la l ored
 under the greatest disadvantages—the s ver
 est peisecution, backed and assisted by t rose
 cvtions the most despotic—tortured by t »als,
 afflictions and wrongs the most grievous, and
 yet, they have come up under it all v. th a
 patience and fo T t de never excelled it oven
 equaled bv any people in this or any .aher
 country. Even probably before the hideous
 monster Colonization dared to venture his
 frightful head in any other state* noi h of
 Mason and Dixon’s Line, he emerged from
 his dastardly seclusion,lapping out his flight
 ful fiendish tongue and hissing, throwing his
 filthy slaver and slime in every dire-iion,
 dismaying and discomfitting every c&lt; 'orvd
 person with whom the venotn chanced to
 come in contact. As early as the year ISCW,
 the persecution of the colored citizens, ruder
 the influence of colonization commenced in
 Ohio. And it rnav be objected to that the
 colored citizens of Ohio, like the faithful baud
 of Philadelphia, Pa., in 1817, with James For
 ten, Richard Allen, and other noble patriots
 at their head, faithfully stood their ground,
 declaring that they would never abandon
 their position while there was a bondman on
 American soil, but sacrificing their property
 fled before their more cunning enemies, leav
 ing the field to them without even the roll ot
 the drum, much more the fire of a gun.
 The Ohio colored freemen as faithfully and
 manfully stood their ground as those noble
 spirits of Pennsylvania, only choosing a dif
 ferent policy to out-manoeuvre the enemy.
 While those of our brethren in Philadelphia
 at once took their position casting their mani
 festo to the widespread breeze of Heaven,
 bolstering their declaration with the boldest
 determination never to leave the country of
 their birth those of Cincinnati, C’hillicoth**
 and other parts of Ohio were no less resolute,
 bold and determined—at once taking their
 stand, declaring before the dread powers of
 Heaven, and the authorities of earth, that
 gather than remain and suffer the persecu
 tions then being waged against mein,
 they would leave Ohm, should it even be at
 the gieatest sacrifice of property as well as
 personal rights, and go to Canada, and there
 defend, as well astheirown rights, the rights
 of their brethren held in servitude in th/s coun
 try This was their bold, manly and noble
 determination, whilst yet m Ohio, upon
 American soil!
 And this manly and almost unique temeri
 ty on the part of (jhio colored freeman had
 the most signal effect upon their enemies.
 We have only here to regret that it proved to
 have the counteracting effect that it had. We
 would that it had been otherwise. They had
 not more than commenced practically carry
 ing out their open declaration of voluntary
 emigration, until the papers and public jour
 nals in all parts of the nonslaveholdmg states
 were teeming with objections and censures
 against the Legislature and state of Ohio for
 the impolicy of their Black Law*, declaring
 that they had “over-shot the mark that in
 their hurried effort to get rid of the colored
 people they reckoned without calculation—
 calculated without “counting the cost’*—that
 in “driving" the colored people from this
 country they were supplying the dominions of
 a powerful enemy with robust able-bodied
 men, who settling in the neighborhood of
 their kindred in chains, would one day re
 taliate upon this country with terrible conse
 quences. And how exceedingly considerate
 did the various papere of ihe land all at once
 become. There was not an issue but'more
 or less contained some “advice'’ to the color
 ed people either original or copied concerning
 their locality and livelihood. They were
 American citizens by birth—for the most pail
 born south in a warm climate —they were ac
 customed to American habits, American
 society and American law#. Labor was more
 easily obtained in this country, consequently
 money more plentiful. As to the Canadas,
 the climate was ccid and uncongenial—the
 people selfish and inheritable —their customs
 distant and unsociablt—the laws illiberal and
 severe—work scarce and wages law these
 and many more were the argument# used and
 urged to prevent the colored people from
 emigrating to the Canadas, by the very per
 son* who in many instances were foremost,
 and those who were aider* and abettor* and
 instrumental in getting up the persecution and
 the passage of the infamous hdl-ongmated
 “Black Laws of Ohio,” and leader* of the
 nefarious scheme of Arueiican Colonization—-
 a scheme concocted and devised under the
 supervision of the arch-demon, in the deep
 est, darkest and lowest cell of Pandemonium.
 Though ail that was done was intended fin
 the better, yet we cannot suppress the
 thought that had the colored freeman of Ohio
continued to emigrate as they commenced, as
 as those of Pennsylvania who assembled
 in solemn Convention in 1830, with a deternu
 na,!Oß follow their example, and gone into
 t .e Ni ?’h Amer.can .provinces of the British
 dominions, settled down substantially upon
 lands where they would have been joined
 by «h* colored people of the free states gene
 rs iv. ih.it ere this, it would have produced
 an influence in this country and over its de
 testable pro-slavery lands and customs tiat
 will require ages almost to produce m o Jt
 present dtytndmt, servile, nonenlical position
 —that had there been the uroe sane mature
 reflection and deliberation among colored men
 then as there are now—the same capacity m
 judge and decide for themselves, they would
 have persisted in their own convictions and
 not have yielded to the opinions and dictate*
 of others however friendly the de&gt;ign. xs
 know some to have been, especially those
 who interfered in the movements of ihe great
 Convention of 183&lt;&gt;, assembled in the rny ot
 Philadelphia, for the express purpose,
 other thinjjs, of recommending to the i.*e«
 colored people generally to emigrate to ;h«
 British provinces ot North America.
 Steadily sinre then the colored citizen* t
 Ohio have been persevering! v stemming the
 current of the most raging flood*. combating
 every opposition, resisting every obstacle
 until at length they have forced the dominant
 class in their own state to notice and res
 pect their efforts. For the last six yeais
 annual f'onveo’-ume of the colored fieeinen ol
 Ohio have assembled at t oiumbui, the capital
 of the state, to devise ways and means for
 bettering their condition. t hese annual con
 ventions we dare sav, have hoen more faith
 fully and regularly held than those of the
 colored freemen ot any other state in th»
 Union. So faithful have they been in then
 eflluts, and determined in their purpose—the
 combined wisdom and talent of the oppressed
 of the state thus annually concentrated and
 harmonised—that at the last session of the
 State Legislature, under the auspice.-* of the
 piesent judicious administration, governor
 Seabury Ford, a partial repeal of the Black
 Laws has been accomplished, with the pros
 pects of future progress of redress of gne*
 ances. VVe should not omit t award to the late
 administration —governor Bartley, the credii
 which he so highly merits of the unfailing
 effort in each of hi* messages to the legis
 lature to do away the black laws by continual
 reference to them as unjm-t and unchristian,
 and derogatory to the high character of an in
 dependent sovereign free state.
 Fearless, untiring, and ever trusting tor
 final success to the justness of their cause,
 the spirited colored citizens ot Ohio despite
 the storm of opposition that ever awaited
 them, have ever braved the consequences and
 manfully resisted every attack, making such
 resistance a* was both seen and felt The
 following pro 'ceilings of a meeting hel l dur
 ing she session of the legislature ontheSJyth
 of January lasi, on the eve of a vigorous
 effort of the Colomzationists to resuscitate,
 under the auspices of iheir agent Criaty, and
 the patronage of the general assembly, w hich
 proceedings we learn were published in hand
 bills and placarded throughout the city on the
 day previous to the delivery ot Cristy’s
 lecture. The resolutions were drawn up and
 ably and fearless by supported by our friend
 C. H. Langston, Esq.. J. Poindexter, Rev J
 M. Brown and other talented colored gentle
 men, all except Mr. L. being residents ot
 Columbus—thus showing their fearlessness—
 being willing to “beard the hon in his den
 The example and untiring efforts of our Ohio
 brethren are worthy of imitation by thoae ot
 other states—let these good and to our cause
 glorious examples be faithfully followed,, and
 good must result therefrom
 \U&gt; of' iki' oloml h'rrrmm
 Columbus.
 Pursuant to public notice, a large and en
 thusiastic meeting of the colored citzens ut
 Columbus, convened at the 2d Baptist
 Church, to take into consideration a memorial
 from one David Cp.ist*, Agent of the
 American Colonization Sciety, to the Legis
 lattire of th i State, requesting that body to
 make a suitable appropriation to aid the
 American Colonization Society fur a few
 years to come, in carrying out its designs in
 relation to the colored people of Ohio, and m
 promoting the spirit of emigration to Liberia
 and also to adopt measures “to guard against
 the difficulties and collisions to be apprehend
 ed from a greatei increase of colored men
 amongst us.”
 The meeting was organized by calling
 JAS. POINDEXTER to the Chair, and ap
 pointing J vs. Cadoso Secretary. Ihe chan
 man stated the object tor which they had
 assembled, and called the attention ol the
 meeting to extracts of said memorial.
 Mr. C. H. Langston then j.resented for the
 consideration of the meeting, the following
 j resolutions, which were very forcibly and
 eloquently suppported by Messrs. Langston
 and Poindexter, and Rev. J. M. Brown, Wm.
 Guy arid others, and unanimously adopted
 Resolved, That the original object of tlu.
 Aiuerican Colonization Society, as set toith
 by the “immortal sage of Ashland,” the
 great exponent of its principles, is to “remove
 the free colored people from Fnited
 .States, and thereby make the slave prtq*em
 i more secure” and valuable.
 Resolved, That we have no evidence ihai
 this malevolent and ignomm.oua object has
 been changed, as many of ib*- leaders in that
 diabolical scheme arc contributing means to
 i send free colored people to Liberia, while
 thev are holding hundred- of their fellow
 men in'servile bondage.
 Resolved, That wc recognize DsvnJCnsty.
 the “agent of the American Colonization
 Society for the State of Ohio,” as aiding in
 the accomplishment of the same nefarious
 end, when he memorializes the Legislature
 of the State to adopt measures to prevent
 greater increase of colored men" in the Ohio
 valley.
 Resolved, That, believing as we do that
 the primary object of tl&gt;« memorial above re
 ferred to is to prevent the repeal of the accursed
 “Black Laws” of Ohio, and, if possible, to
 induce the the law-making power of th.»
 State to inflict new and more odious disibii
 I ties upon the colored freemen of Ohio, and
 thereby to cause them to leave the country,
 we therefore view the petitioner, David Cris
 iv, as our inveterate’ enemy, a poor, con
 temptible servile of the slave power—a “lick
 spittle” for slaveholders and their abettors,
 I doing their dirty work to procure their smiles
 snd money, dripping with human blood, md
 i* consequently unworthy the slightest notice
 from the legislature of an intelligent and free
 people.
 Resolved, That we feel confident that the
 intelligence, wisdom and love of liberty man
 ifested in the honorable Legislature of this
 State, will not allow its members to give the
 j least countenance to a scheme so miimou*.
 I emanating from a being so conteiuptib e
 Resolved, That we will never leave tins
 country while one ot our brethren gtoan* m
 slavish fellers in the I tilled Sine*, but w»*
 remain on this eojj aud contend lor our righus,
 and those of out enslaved race—upon
 toe tram—in ihe pulpit —m the social ciaol*,
