»nd upon the field, if necessary. until lilx*fT&gt;
 tu ihe captive shall be proclaimed throughou
 ihe length and breadth of this great Republic
 or we called from time to elemiiv.
 Mr. L. D. Taylor pieaented the following
 resolution. which vva* adopted
 Resolved. I’hat we treat the invitation o
 David f.'risty with contempt, and leave hist
 address the chairs and desks, and the few
 ,v ho l illma to aid this gentleman m drtv
 it- us out of ihe country of our birth
 On motion it was
 Resolved, I hat the pi*x« 'dings of thn
 meeting l«* published in the pa (ten- of thn
 city favorable to our interest, and also thi
 North Star.
 On motion, the meeting adjourned
 J AS. P«JINDEXTER, hm n.
 Jas Cadoso, Sec y.
 Coi.vmpvs. Jan. 2ff. I^IM.
 Meet tug at Mntrrloo.
 l'ne following icport *&gt;l the Relorm Meeting
 at Waterloo was f urnished to the I ribune by
 Oliver Johnson, now ed.nu of the Anti S!v
 very Bugle, Ohio. The Address will be
 looked for with intern D by our renders
 amongst tie* dissenting Friends
 Within the last few day.- there baa been
 held at the Quaker meetuig-h"UM.‘ near this
 vdlage, a large meeting mamlv ol members
 of, or secedefrom, the Society ol (iliokvte)
 Friends, ft was called for the purpose of
 a new religious orgamzat n of a more liberal
 and reformatory charaetei than that of thf old
 srt-cts. Tin m 'vein nl ongmatcd m a consei
 emions di"sa’. -i'action vvitii the frigid mdiffer
 or unyielding hostility to the reforms of
 ;hc age manifested bv tlie leaders of the Qua
 ker Society A ear after tear had the earnest
 opponents of intemperance, Slavery and War,
 .ought to procure such u-uon’ott liiesequesUnns
 as they thought was required In the princi
 ples which the Soc etv had so long protested.
 Many of their memhets had been disowned
 for no catne .-nu- tie ;r activity in reformatory
 associations, whil*' others were subject to the
 constant pressure ot religious bigotry and in
 tolerance Among those disowned tor tins
 cius was lie 1 venerable Isaac'l'. Hopper, of
 New Vo k, tiie 1. and deeply lamented
 Charles Marno't, and Nicholas Haiiock of
 Milton, arid Joseph A. Dugdalc. of Ohio, both
 able ministers of the Society.
 The call for the &lt;'onvention whose sessions
 leave just been eoncluded, was issued by a
 Conference of mem!» -rs ol tin &lt;jene-'-e early
 Meeting of Friend.*. It proposed as a substi
 tute for the old Qualn r organization, where
 bv the Yearly Meetings, that power over the
 nitlily arid Quarterly Meetings, that each
 i'ical congregation should manage its own
 internal and disciplinary affairs on such plan
 a j may be best adapted to its own peculiar
 circumstances; while ihe General or Yearly
 Meeting, being free from the necessity of
 intermeddling w iiii metelv local affairs, and
 from the dificult, not to say unworthy,effort
 10 enforce a rigid uniformity in respect to
 theological opinions and shibboleths, should
 b j devoted to thecultnn of a wider charity,
 a more enlightened and earnest sympathy
 with tfie reforms of tlie Age, a moie gener
 ous hospitality foi new ideas, and a spirit
 of brotherly co-operation in every work of
 practical righteousness and benevolence. Re
 taining the essential principles of Quakerism,
 it propose t to abolish what is known a? the
 "Select Meeting. or tiie meeting of Minis
 ters and Fbieis, and to render the organiza
 ati&lt;ei more &lt;lemocratie by placing ail its
 members upon one leu 1 of rights and prero
 gatives, leaving eacli individual to exert the
 influence which character alone can confer.
 The practice &lt;&gt;l recommending (ordaining)
 min sters and seating them above their breth
 ren, it is also proposed to abolish, leaving
 ea-ii individual free t&lt;&gt; .-peak or be silent, ae
 coid.iig i hi- highest perception of duty.
 Fronosiiig no iheolg c.i! lest, it was designed
 to torn a mion all iliose, of whatever sect, i
 who desired to co-operate iri works of charity j
 ami benevoleiice. &lt;&gt;n a fusia winch should i
 allow i fie widuM treeiom of speech m respect j
 to ail sub-.'Cts on winch there might be an j
 honest difference of opinion.
 The call was responded to by a large j
 number of persons, mostly members of the
 Genesee Y. arlv Meeting, but including a few
 from the other pans of the country, and some
 who were not Quakers. Among those in at
 tendence front abroad were Lucietia Mott, of
 Philadelphia, (ihe most eloquent Quaker
 minister in the United Sales, if not in the
 world,)Nicholas Hall* ek of Milton,and Joseph
 A. Dugdile and Ruth Uugdale, of Ohio.
 Contrary to the usual practice of Friends, t fie
 session* of the Yearly Meeting were not pri
 vate. but open to anybody vv ho chose to attend;
 and men and women, instead of meeting se
 parately, came together in the same room on
 teims of perfect equality. The meeting was
 organized according to the usual Quaker
 Practice, by the appoint mem of no oilier
 officers than Clerks. No question was put
 to vole, but every tiling was done by general
 content, the lurks, after listening to all (hat
 was said by the members, recorded what ap
 pealed to them to be the prevailing w ish of
 the meeting. The Clerks were Thomas Mo-
 Clintoek, of Waterloo, a well-known minister
 uf the Society of Fri nds, and Rlmda DeGar
 iiiu, of Rochester. Epistles of sympathy w ere
 received from various meetings and individuals
 in different parts of the country, which afforded
 proof that the movement is confined to in* io
 eality, hut had sprung ftom a common want
 among those who desire to make their religious
 organizations more truly subservient to the pro
 gress of practical piety and Philanthropy.
 1 he name assumed bv the* meeting, after con
 siderable discussion, is that &lt;*l Congregational
 Friends.
 Tiie tliseu-sious of the meeting were con
 ducted with great kindness of spirit, earnest
 ness of manner, and, on the part of some,
 with great ability and eloquence. Duenna
 Mott delighted every body by her simplicity
 of manner, her clear perception and fearless
 utterance of truth, and her devotedness to the
 Right Beside attending the regular sessions
 of the Convention, sjn* addressed a crowded
 meeting at the t turn House m this village on
 Tuesday evening, and another (to vindicate
 the Rights of Woman,) at Seneca Fall-, mi
 the evening ot Wednesday.
 The subjects brought before the meeting
 were mostly of a practical iraturi Intemper
 ance, Slavery, War, Licentiousness, Lind
 Monopoly, ihe Rights and W rongsol W oman,
 Priestcraft, Sectarianism, Capita' Punish
 ment, Ac., all received some share f in
 tention A general Address (written by
 Thomas McClintock), setting forth the u*«&gt;
 of the meeting in relation to these subjects,
 find deftneuig the position of Congiegational
 Friends in respect to questions of theology,
 was unanimously adopted. Congress was
 memoraliz &lt;i fur ihe abolition of Slavery in
 the District of Columbia an*i the Terntones,
 and tiie mtei-State Slave Trade, and against
 the Extension ot Slavery to California and
 New Mexico. Hie Legislature of New York
 w as memorial)/.-d ui opposition to Capital
 Punishment.
 Ihe spirit ol the meeting and its position
 toward Reformers ot a |l classes is exhibited
 »n .lie following Abdiess, which was unani
 mous v adopted 1 in; contrast between this
 and the piocee i.ng- «.t other religious bodies in
 relation to Ref.mm i- noteworthy. Instead
 of opposing ami baffling them, the helping
 hand, recognizing th»*m a* om anv depart-1
 metils of me great fi dd of chi is* inn effort
 ADDLES* To HtrOHMERs
 foallErrueit and Devoted Laborer- m
 ihe rations Hi.mamt rrv Reforms so eon.-pic
 ttous in the present day, tic- Yearly Meeting
 of Congregational Freuds v- .in greet an*.'
 Beloved Friends, Asse.nbL f. m
 ence to tire call of duty, for ihe promottou of
 pure and undeliled KMigon through ihe wuild.
 our souls have been stirred by ari earnest d&lt; sire
 to strengthen the hands and encourage ti.e
 of those who, m the midst of obloquy
 -Mid i proach, are struggling, through the va
 rtiius Reformatory Associations of the present
 day, to abolish the grant evils which have so
 U)ug v j*iM»d sod &lt;lej/raded tbs human family
I Having broken the ties of party and sect,
 finder a solemn conviction that th**'y are mconi
 pattble with the freedom of the soul and a
 migftv obstacle to the progress of the human
 11 race in know lege and g&lt;*odne*». we baTe been
 drawn together for our apmtnal strength and
 f elevation, and by a common sympathy in
 i, every work of practical righteousne* and a
 common desire to find a basis of union for all
 those friends ofGod and Humanity— a common
 platform. 6n which they may meet in perfect
 harmony with the laws of their being and the
 1 1 equal relations which our f ather in Heaven
 1 1 ha* established f*r them. Such a basis ol
 universal fellowship we have sought, not in
 j creeds and forms, but in love to G*»d, and in
 j those principle* of fundamental xoralitv
 w hich are rhe elements of all true religion,
 and which are so clearly set forth in the pie
 cepts and so beautifully illustrated in the life of
 Christ. While your Aasociatious are de
 voted each specially to one or another of ihe
 1 various branches of Reform, ours is designed
 j to embrace them all in one common Brother
 ho&lt;*d and to open a channel through winch
 j those engaged in one department may hei p
 those who are toiling in another, and receive
 and impart the strength w hich ts derived from
 communion with God and with kindred spirits.
 .Standing upon this platform, we rejoice to
 greet you as fellow laborers with us in the
 great work of Human Redemption and Sal
 vation and to tender you our heartv God
 speed iri the work to which you have been
 called.
 In the field of moial no less than in that of
 physical effort, there is an absolute necessity
 arising on the one hand from the magnitude
 and variety of the work to be accomplished,
 and on the other from the great diversity of
 I gifts to tiie different elasse* of tne human fam
 ily. The attention of one class may be partic-1
 uiarly called to the evils of Inlemperauce;!
 and others may he inspired to do battle with j
 ihe gigantic sin of Slavery; a third to de- j
 noiince and cvjmjsc ihe atrocitcs and crimes'
 of War, and another for the Abolition of the 1
 j ((allows and the adjustment of the whole j
 j penal abode Christian law uf Forgive-!
 j ness; and another may be called of God to nr-!
 j rest ihe tide of Sexual Impurity; tfie prov-:
 j nice of others inay be to seek a remedy for j
 the blighting evils of Poverty, to protest I
 against the tyranny of Wealth, the monopoly j
 of Land, or to harmonize the relations of men
 in Industrial Association; another class may I
 .be impelled to labour for the restoration to)
 Woman of the Inalienable Rights of which i
 she has been so iong despoiled; others may
 seek tlie overthrow of a despotic and mer-1
 cenary Priesthood, to call mankind away from'
 reliance upon empty forms and the observance
 of holy days, and to consecrate all time to the 1
 service of God; and still another class may
 devote their energies to Physiological Reform I
 or to the sacred w ork of F.Jucation. But. as j
 I all inoral evils spring from the same root, so'
 i is tin* work of abolishing them essentially one
 I work. Hence, we exhort tire friends of Re-!
 i form, in whatever portion of the moral vineyard
 they are called tu labot, to remember that;
 they are one Brotherhood, and should -be of j
 j one heart and of one mind. We are deeply'
 impressed with ilie conviction that not only is.
 in earnest devotion to one philanthropic enter-
 prise consistent with a hearty interest m every
 work of Reform, but that out usefulnes and
 1 efficiency in our several spheres will be pro
 portioned to our just appreciation of the labors:
 of others, and to our diligence m cultivating
 the spirit ol Universal Unity. The narrow j
 bigotry which leads us to form an exagger
 ated estimate of our own immediate labors
 and to undervalue the toils and sacrifices of
 others not less devoted than themselves to the i
 welfare of mankind is at war with the whole*
 genius of Reform and a mighty hinderance to
 our moral and spiritual growth. The Friends
 of Humanitv, of every class, should se
 dulously cultivate the spirit of harmony and
 mutual co-operation so beautifully described'
 Iry one of the prophets of Israel:“They helped
 every one his neighbor; and every one said to
 his brother, Be of goad courage. So tiie
 carpenter encouraged ihe goldsmith, and he j j
 that- smote with the hammer him that'j
 smote tiie anvil, saying it is ready for the
 soldering: and he fastened it with nails
 THAT IT SHOULD NOT BE MOVED." (lsil. X11&lt;3,7)
 We admonish you, beloved fellow-laborers,
 to be steadfast and immoveable in your ad
 herence to fundamental principles, to Right
 and Truth in opposition to the maxims of a
 worldly Expediency. But true, under all
 circumstances to your highest conviction, to
 the voice of Duty in your own souls. Let no*
 temporary good, no impatience for immediate I
 results, tempt you to swerve from the line of
 strictest Rectitude. Remember that duty is*
 yours, while consequences are God's. Enter
 1 into no compromise with the evils which you 1
 j seek to exterminate. While you deal kindly
 and patiently with those who set themselves
 i in opposition to the cause of Reform, seeking
 to-win them to the right way in the spirit of
 love, we exhort you also to he bold and fear
 less in proclaiming the Truths you ate set to j
 defend. Let your rebukes of sin he tempered
 with kindness, but give no place to that false
 j charity w hich shrinks from the utterance of
 an important truth from the fear of giving
 i offence.
 We entreat you also to be faithful t&lt;* the i
 Truth in dealing with the corrupt parties and; i
 sects w hich lend their influence to sustain in
 justice. oppression and crime. The Church
 which sanctions or apologizes for .Slavery!:
 and War. or which neglects or refuses to take
 I the side of oppressed and down-trodden,:
 controlled by the spirit of practical infideli
 ty aid atheism. The Ministry which is
 zealous for creeds and Faiths, hut uttets no;
 efficient testimony against the popular sins of!
 the age. is not aUhristian but an infidel Min
 istry and we counsel you, by vour reverence!
 for God and your love lor man, to lend it no i
 support. Be not deceived by the potent:
 wiles, nor awed into submission by the anath
 emas of such a t’hurch and such a Ministry.
 Though the hosts of sect and parly are 1
 encamped on every side, be not dismayed nor i
 disheartened, for ui the conflict with unright
 i eousness “one shall chase a thousand, and
 two put ten thousand to flight." Tiie advo- 1
 cates and apologist* for Sin may seek to
 overwhelm you with the waves of popular
 indignation you may be denounced as her
 etics, fanatics and infidels: but remember tor
 your consolation that *uch ha* been the fate
 of Reformers in ail pa-t ages and that even j
 Jfsi s of Nazareth, in whom was no guile,
 was charged with blasphemv and doomed to
 suffer an ignominious death upon the cross.
 In thus addressing you, we obey the holiest i
 impulses of our nature which arc ever prompt
 ing us to deeds of charity and benevolence,
 and to manifestations ol sympathy for all
 who are sincerely concerned lor the welfare
 of man. The religious association in which
 we are united assumes no ecclesiastical auth
 ority, neither does it, us such, set up any i
 claim to your veneration as a Divinely const!- j
 tuted body. Your reverence is due to the
 manifestations of the Divine Will in vour
 own hearts, not to organizations which, how- t
 ever holv in their origin and purposes, are
 hut the instrumentalities adapted to the pres-’
 ent condition and wants of mankind
 A deep sympathy lor you under the mam-
 fold trials and discouragements which throng f
 your pathway, and an ardent desire that you i
 may prove faithful even unto death, constrain i
 us, as your equal brethren, to offer you these f
 word* of consultation and cheer. Receive
 them, we pray you, in the spirit of Love,
 and so far a# they shall be found, to accord I t
 with your own highest convictions, let them s
 be duly impressed upon youi minds Lnd a
 heart?
 Finally, dear friends, t»e vignant in the work j
 to which you are called; and may the j f
 God of truth inspire you woh w isdom and t
 Strength, and crown vour labour* with glou-,
 OUS success. t
 Signed on behalf of the Yearly Meeting ot, t
 r *&gt;ngreganonal Friends, held near Water- f
 .Seneca Co. N Y. from the 4th tuV the! c
 6ih of the Seventh month, j
 THOMAS M’CLINTOCK.. i Cl j J
 RHODA DEG AH MO,
 Ibis, 1 believe, *n, &lt;a th« first tune ifa.l
•ny religious body in the land has spoken to
 terms of encouragement to the family of Re
 formers. recognizing their labour* as desigoe
 and calculated to redeem the race from ignod
 ranee and sin and hasten the triumph of pute-
 Chnattanity. If the Church generally would
 give equally strong eTidenceof her sympathy
 with humanity, she would not hare cause to
 mr&gt;urn that heT altars arc deserted bv the
 earnest and devoted Reformers of this hope
 ful age. Your*,
 REV ID l
 *ew %'ork Vigilawce Committee.
 The following are some of the prominent
 sentiments cherished by this Commit tee..and
 the methods bv which it proposes to give
 them effect
 The constitution ot man, the laws of God.
 snd the administration of His government, in
 their origin and design, are in perfeci harmony
 with each other.. Man has an undispulble
 right to live—to* acquire and possess prop
 erty —to enjoy the full beneiits of his provi
 dential allotment, fully to unfold and perfect
 the various and wonderful powers of his being
 thus to recognize the authority of God, and
 yield himself up to His control, without re
 serve or obsructiou.
 The bondage, enslavement or chatteihood
 imposed by man upon his fe low-man, is a
 war upon the natural and motal economy es
 tablished by fiod, and an impious attempt to
 usurp His dominion over nun, —to cripple
 and stmt him in the exercise of his eneigies—
 to blight the affections of the heart—to cut
 him off from the solaces of his better life—to
 defeat the the grand object of his existence—
 to reduce him, practically, to the level of a
 savage ot a brute. Holding such sentiments,
 this Committee can do no less than oppose,
 by all rational and effective means within it«
 reach, the assumptions of Slavery and its de
 fender.-, on all occasions, and on overy assail
 able point. Thus this Committee will at all
 rimes repudiate and resist ihe pretensions of
 Slavery, to protection from the legislation of
 Congress, or the .States, or to sanction, from
 the judicial tribunals of the country. Theidea
 that Slavery, by any possibility, can derive
 righllul sanction, support, or approval from
 society, in any form whatever i» utterly de
 nied and rejected by this Committee.
 With these views, it is the firm purpose of
 this Committee, to receive, with open arms,
 the panting fugitive npou his arrival here, as
 an outraged brother, and lo pity and provide
 for him—while our warmest sympathies will
 not be withheld from our crushed brethren in
 bonds, in such, as they may employ such
 means as may be at its command, to defend
 persons claimed as Slaves, contrary to the
 provisions of the statutes in the Slave Slates.
 We are informed by a letter from the
 Treasurer, that more funds are wanted to
 sustain the operations of the Vigilance Com
 mittee. Who will help on the good work J Do
 nations will be received and acknowleged by
 Wm. Harnep. Treasurer, 61,John Street,
 New York.
 The following Memorial, which we have
 just received from a friend in England, will
 show that an important movement is now go
 ing forward in lhat country, for ihe suppres
 sion of the African slave-trade. It is highly
 gratifying to observe that anti-slavery feeling
 oj England does not slumber, andthai it ha*
 again opposed itself in a tangible forrr. to the
 horrid traffic in human flesh, which finds nc
 greater protection anywhere than under the
 \meriean flag.
 foments of the Memorial to the
 Queen.
 The Memorialists respectfully call Hei
 Majesty's attention to the enormities of thr
 African Slave-Trade, which they describe as
 in a state of great activity, notwithstanding
 he efforts of this Country for its suppres
 sion.
 They submit lhat this arises—
 -Ist, From the absence of good faith on the
 jart of the- Spanish and Brazilian Govern
 nents, which are under solemn engagements
 o relinquish the traffic.
 •2nd, From the increased consumption ol
 slave-produce in this Country.
 With a view to remedy this evil, the Me
 moralists pray—
 That Her Majesty's Government shall use
 rvery legitimate and peaceful means for en
 forcing on Biaz.il and Spain the fulfilment ol
 heir Treaties with this .Country—
 -Ist, By the immediate abolition of the Slave
 T'rade and
 2nd, By the emancipation of all Negroes
 mlawfully introduced.
 The Memoralisls propose an individual and
 .vide-spread abstinence from the productions of
 lirazil and 'uba, and pray Her Majesty
 To exclude the same from the’Roval House
 rold.
 They further entreat Her Majesty
 To encourage the growth aud manufacture
 if free-laeor Cotten, in order that it may more
 speedily supplant the Slave-grown Cotten of
 lie Fnited States.
 lri conclusion, tiie Memorialists desire that
 Her Majesty's reign may he signalised by the
 innihilation of this stupendous crime, and that
 he blessings of the emancipated may mingle
 Aith the congratulations«Jßier devoted female
 ,oh|pot*-.
 First ot August.
 On the evening of the loth insl. the colored
 leople of Colvmbi -.Ohio, met in the Han
 libal Hall, in that city, to make arrange
 nenls, for the celebration of the First of Au
 gust. Mr.- D Jenkins was called to the chan
 ind Mr. S. D Taylor chosen Secretary.
 &gt;1 motion,by Mr. J. Carter, it was resolved
 o celebrate the day in a becoming mannei
 ind a Committee were chosen to car tv out
 he resolution
 It was also.
 Resolved, That we invite the citizens
 everywhere to meet with ua, to aid in the
 ireat work of stnking the fetters from the
 imbs of the enslaved; and to inmgle the it
 roices with ours, in celebrating the day which
 nought liberty to 800,000. men, women, and
 “hildren from the condition of chattels raising
 hem to the dignity and rights of humanity.
 Resolved, That the proceedings of this
 neeting be published in ihe North tStar,
 Christian Herald, True Democrat, and *ucfi
 »ther friendly papers, as may be thought de
 iirahle.
 D. JENKINS Ckotrman
 S. D. Taylor. Sec'tf.
 Cassius M. Clay. —This wayward, itnpul
 ivr, inconsistent man has again bean involve!
 n difficulty, which has resulted in perilling
 iis own hie and in the low of life lo another
 Two or three days ago, the Telegraph re
 torted that he had been killer! m a bowie-kmf&lt;
 ight with a man named Turner, Madisor
 ountv, Kentucky- l-ater intelligence sayt
 hat he fought a duel with Turner, in which
 ie was severely wounded, and Turner, killed
 Clay is likely to recover. We regret that
 asst us M. Clay should|he involved in so dts
 :raceful and tragical an affTr, but we cannot
 av that we are surprised at it. We long
 nice lust our confidence in his w isdom and in
 is ethic*. When he denounced the Mex
 ran war as iniqoiuoua and volunteered ic
 ight ns battles.be forever sacrificed his previ
 us high position aa a reformer, and with it,
 its moral power. dmd then, and has
 vei since been nothing bener than a galvan*
 ted corjise He once publicly pledged himaeJl
 ever lo engage in another duel—-and hi* re
 ent fight with Turner shows bow muen that
 ledge was worth. We hope he may five to
 wiser, and yet do aomething to regain iht
 ileem sod confidence which he ha* so reck
 rssly lust Hartford Refrnhluan
‘■On Toeadav morning we secured a
 passage tm b.md the A l*la, fpkmdid float
 ing palace, minaged bj a nptun wbftu rerv
 pnltie to alt nStfaengFn wbu are well dressed
 and bale railroad#."— O. TV Bone ay.
 lw Freeman
 Bro. Bungay t«, for once, mistake.— The
 captain of the steamboat Akda, on the North
 River, is doubtless*very polite,' to all 'well
 dressed passengers,’ aho happen lo be white
 enough t«» suit hi# uoti**ns of propriety but
 it appears from the Liberator and the Xarth
 ‘Star, that the eloquent Frederick Douglas*,
 editor of the paper last mentioned. wa* grose
 ly til tn-ated and insulted by thai interesting
 j captain and hi* satellites. during ins passage
 from Albany to New York, on the 24tb
 olt
 Douglass was formerly a slave, and ins
 skin is possibly a shade or two darker than that
 I of the gallant captain aforesaid but it seems
 he t»ets hungrjF very much a« other and whit
 ter folks do, and likes to eat hi* dinner
 about the same hour. Accordingly, is cornpa
 ny with some English friends who were tra
 velling with hun. he went down at the ung
 ing of the bell, and seated himself at the table
 but was driven away with excessive insult
 aud abuse, and compelled to go without his
 idtnner’ IIi« friends voluntarily retired with
 t him.
 A large mass of the pasengers of both sex
 es— to tfieir shame be it published —had the
 baseness to join in the outrage upon Mr.
 Douglass, and even to set up a shoot when he
 was driven from the table. Douglass calls
 these ruffians ‘ladies and gentlemen,’but they
 are wholly undeserving of any lieiter name
 than two legged wolves.’— Hark. Hrrtyrwn.
 Moral Honesty.—The Tribune, in speak-j
 ing of the recent failure of Bishop Do3ne. of i
 New Jersey, holds the following truthful lan- 1
 guage respecting the morality of men who]
 never pay their honest debts, but who live at!
 an extravagant rate
 “It is a lamentable truth thai the popular)
 morality with regard to debt and non-payment j
 is disgracefully lax in this Christian land.
 We have become so habituated to look to the
 law for the collection of debts that most men
 have no idea of the pressing obligation to pay
 a debt other than the legal obligation. We
 understand that a man who can't pay is not i
 culpable in neglecting to pay, but our can't
 has a very slippery significance.— Many a
 man can’t pay the mechanics and merchants
 w hom he owes, simply because he lives ex
 travagantly, hiring servants to do the work
 w hich belongs to his sons and daughters—be
 cause he lives in h more expensive house and j
 spends more money for food, clothing, &amp;e.,
 than lie has any moral right thus to dispose
 of. Many a man ‘can’t’ pay because he
 docs not half work, nor exert himself near
 so much to get out of debt as he did to get in. j
 The man who ‘can’t’ pay an honest debt has i
 r.o right to indulge in luxuries keep their!
 sons at college nor their daughters at the pi- I
 ano. Ifhe thus lives at the rate of three or
 four thousand dollars a year while the frugal:
 and industrious importune him for what is
 their honest due, he is an outright swindler,
 no matter how high the circle he move* in nor
 how many churches he belongs to.’’
 Slavery and Anti-Slavery in Missouri.
 —The People's Organ, a journal published j
 in Missouri, says the slaveholders in that
 State ate estimated not to exceed twenty
 thousand. They own seventy thousand slaves,
 and theie are nearly half a million of inhabi-
 iants who neither own slaves nor have any in-
 I terest in keeping up or extending the institu-}
 tion of slavery. The same print complains
 bitterly of the stigma which the existence j
 of slavery fixes upon manual industry, and
 affirms that it has the effect of excluding from
 the State a most valuable and numerous class
 of emigrants from the Atlantic region, whose j
 enterprise, industry and skill, are needed u&gt; j
 develop fully the resources of Missouri. It i
 closes with desiring the people of the State to i
 reflect whether it is not time to plan the
 means of relieving Missouri from the obstruc
 tion to her prosperity.
 Capture of a Slaver—Horrible Suf
 ferings.—An arrival at New-Bedford, from
 St. Helena, April Ist, says that the schooner
 Zenobia of Baltimore, arrived at the lattet j
 port on the 23rd of March, a prize to an
 English sloop of war—having been captured
 off the coast of Africa, w ith 330 slaves on 1
 board—33 of whom were women. The
 schooner was of about 100 tons burden, and
 the suffering experienced by those on board,
 was truly dreadful, 12 of whom perished j,
 Some of the women had been branded in the
 breast with hot irons.
 The Philomel was in chase of another
 schooner, a slave vessel fonneily condemned. 1
 The bark California of Boston. w r a« lying in
 the harbor of St. Helena. 'i
Proudhon in Prison.—The Paris corres
 pondent of the Ixmdon Times writes on the
 Ttlt as follows
 1 announced M. Proudhon's arrest yester
 day. The great chief of the Socialist party
 had an interview of more than an hour and a
 half vesterday with the Chief of Police, M.
 Proudhon was in the highest spirits, but is said
 to have ex pi esse d a rather contemptuous
 opinion of the members of the Mountain,
 whom he inveighed against as demolishers
 and destroyers of society, which he wished
 to restore. Being asked why he attempted
 lo return to France, knowing that he could
 not fail to bo arrested, be said that he found
 it impossible to live out of France, where he
 preferred existing in a dungeon to living in
 the most unbounded liberty in Belgium. He
 also said that confinement had no terrors for
 him w hile undergoing the penalty of im
 prisonment he will fancy himself a monk—a
 voluntary recluse—and he intends passing his
 time in the composition of a work on the
 ‘Philosophy of Politics,’ which he is sure will
 be productive ol much good to mankind, fit
 expressed not the slightest animosity to »be
 Government of the authorities, and only gave
 vent to bis anger against the men of his own
 party. He was accompanied by the police
 during the day to his private residence. Hav
 ing taken pusseoeioiLof some papers, he was
 conducted lo the Conctergcrie, where he
 passed the night. He wa* then transferred
 to St. Pelagic.
Receipts
 F&gt;fr thr North Star, far tht Wrek e-tthnf
 June 27, 1*49.
 Alice Wright, Dean's Corner*, X. h if 2,00
 Matilda M. Cassey, Philadelphia. Pa. 2,00
 William Water* 2,00
 John While I*oo
 Samuel W ind 2,00
 Stephen Smith 2,00
 John Ditiow, Puiiatifli, Pa. 2,00
 Alex. Cumomig*, NT illaboro, P*&gt; 2,00
 Sila* Sisson, New Bed lord, Mass. 2,0 Q
 Greenock Crawford, b®
 Edmund Ctase, Fall River, Mas.. 2,00
 Thoraa* P. P.ittei 2,00
 Joseph Dudley
 \V. H. Burnham, Zanesville, Ohio I
 ry r u. r. Clay u». Weucktier, P« t,OO
 A. It. Sbadd *o®
 John X. Rond I^®
 Samuel Griffin. Fredoma. X- Y I^o
 Joseph Ihijdaie U®
 Robert Palmer, Waterloo, X. Y- I^o
 Mr. Sloan —Sir 1 have teoied the virtu* of
 your Ointment, in the cure of mtiesntk*
 bites, sore throat, bum* and many other in
 juries, and in every came it has surpassed our
 expectations As a family Oint meat I have
 never seeo it* equal, and lor beasts we can t
 oet alum? without it* outs
 MILES M. JOHNSON.
 Blekc's Gaove, 111., Oci. 24, IMS.
 D 3» See Agent* name* at the head of
 Sloan’• Column For farther partieulard and
 testimonial*, get pamphlet* of ageet*
€ommtr r i a 1.
 Rot»i»T**Jißif 17, I*#
 Thr market of produce ntoaios about tbe n*e a
 b*t week. No liaacacltotx at' Any import***
 transpired *ioce w but rrpuri We qaote VCe-:
 era at choree Ohm would hnog §o# 91'
 by the load, ia Geoeoee line t* nothutg doing
 Wiidd cumMJld $1,12r I,IJ. Ucnret Ki»u "*'3
 Wertern Hour 4 ft&amp;A Ji».
 la torn there i» «n#i murk .kuna; h -u
 riee* sett 4 at oflr
 R ochester Wholesale Prices C invent.
 FI.OFR *»D MEAL—Duty 20 p e ad val
 I'lout, If bbl 4 *i® j 00
 Coro meal, if b«*i 43 ff 60
 PROVISIOXS Dwy; Beef, Pork,Hanu. 8ar....,
 Butler an! Lard, 2&gt;) f r; I beese 30 tf c ad val
 Pork, (roe**) 11 00 11 30
 Do. in bo* 3 30
 B*ef, cwt. 4 00 m 5 00
 Do. bbf. (taessi 700 SOO
 Lard (tried) f!t 6)
 j Do. (leaf,) At 6
 I Hams, (smoked)
 j Shoulder*. 6». 5 5)
 j Bolter 10 12
 Cheese 05 t? 07
 Turkey* P fb
 Cfiickene **i
 Potatoes, bosh 50 62i
 GRAIX —Duty; 20 If r «d eat
 Wheat, boeli 1 12i
 Corn 30
 Rye 53
 Oats 32
 Barley 30 S 3
 HIDES—Duty; 5 f r ad val
 Slaughter M
 Calf 10
 Sheep Pelts 40 At 75
 l SEEDS —Duty; Linseed l«f c; Mustard 20 V*
 cad val
 Clover 3 75 5 00
 Timothy 150 At 2 25
 Flax 1 00
 FlSH—Duty on foreign caught; 20 If r ad val
 WhiiefU&gt;h bW S i)0
 Codfish cwt 3 25
 SUNDRIES—
 Salt, y bbl 1 Oii
 Apples, If bus ah
 Do. dried bu'.h. AS tt2
 F&gt;zs, dot Ift
 ffean?, p bush fi‘2
 Hay, ton 700 11 oft
 Hard wood .3 50
 Soft Wood
bu evtis tin cuts..
 JOB PRINTING.
 THE NORTH STAR OFFICE, is lun.ii.hH
 w ith nrw Job Type, for the execution of eve/
 description of Printing with iM*atue*«s and despatch,
 at the lowest prices for cash, viz:
 Hand-bills, Blanks, Bill-)*-,t0.-.
 Programmes, Circulars, BilLs of Luiinj,
 Pamphlets, Cards, Labels. &amp;c.
 Anlislavfry office and Readini? Room,
 Xo. 25 Buffalo St. Rochester, opposite the Ari.aa'e.
 THIS office has been newly stocked with the
 latest ami liest works on slavery and oilier moral
 questions, Among them are the ouiig Abolitionist
 —Poverty its illegal causes and lean! cure—Tin
 Power of Kindness—The Branded Hand—History
 of the Mexican w'ar —Theodore Parker’s Ser
 mon on J. Q. Attains—do oil the Mexicau war—
 jdo his letters to the People of the United States—
 The Church as it is or the Forlorn hope of Slavery
 —Despotism in America, and Archv Moore.
 I intend to Ttave in connection with office a Cir
 culating Library, as soon as lean get a sufficient
 number of useful and instructive books ol a moral!
 and scientific character.
 JOHN S. JACOBS.
New Hatch and Jewelry Store.
 JOHN KEDZIF. having changed his partnership
 relations, has removed his .Shop two doors
 North to No. 11, State Street, where he is prepared
 successfully to compete in the sale of an entire new
 'Stock of Goods, consisting of Gold and Silver
 J English, Anchor, Horizontal and Vertical Watches,
 Gold Guard and Fob Chains, Gold Seals and Keys,
 Gold and Silver Pencils, Spectacles and Thimbles
 1 Gold Ear-Rings, Bracelets, and Finger-Kings—si
 good assortment, cheap; a variety of Ladies’ am
 Gentlemen’s Breast-Pins, new style; dot tide am
 single Hunting gold and plated Lockets, Gold Pens
 best quality, Silver and Shell Combs ami Cases
 Fine Cutlery, &amp;r. &amp;c.
 The above and a variety of other desirable Goods
 usually kept in our business, are offered on more ad
 i vantageous terms than usual; anil it is particularly
 desired that the goods should be examined, ami
 prices ascertained, before purchasing elsewhere in
 i this market.
 We manufacture and keep on hand a good assort
 ment of Silver Spoons, warranted as pure as Ante
 riean coin.
 Will also keep an assortment of Accordeons and
 other Musical Instruments, which will be sold very
 low.
 We intend to keep a good assortment of the lie-u
 Brass Eight-day, 30 hour,and alarum Clocks, as ran
 be found in this’ city.—Call and see them.
 WATCH REPAIRING, faithfully done and war
 ranted by an experienced workman.
 Farther )tarticubus at No. 11 State Street.
 J. KEDZIE Co.
 P. S.—To die Farmers in particular we would
 give notice, that we have a variety of Barometers
 which will give that knowledge of the change* of the
 weather, so as to be able to adopt his business to its
 variations. Pleose call and examine them, as ever.-
 man ought to ha e one.
 Sep. 15, 1848. "in.
 DR. A. C LARK,
 DENTAL SURGEON.
 J would respectfully inform the citizens of Rm he-ter
 and surrounding country, that 1 hav« removed my
 office from No. 89 Smith’s Arcade to my dwelling
 bouse No. 92 Monroe Street.
 thankful for past favors in die line of my profes
 sion, and flattering myself tliat 1 can give perfect
 satisfaction to all who may favor me with tlieir pa
 tronage. 1 would invite ail tiiose who are de
 sirous of having operations performed on llie teeth or
 of having teeth inserted to cal! on me ami satisfy
 tliernselve*.
 A. Cl. A UK.
 N. B. All operations performed hv me on de
 teeth and Plate Work warranted.
 Rochester, Oct. 13, 1848. u.
 AUBURN aud ROCHESTER
 RAIL-ROAD
 CHANGE IN TIME —The trains «dl commence
 to leave Rochester at die following time
 Eastward—at 1 a. si., 84 a. m.,1 r. m. TiJ'.w.
 Westward—at 4 j a. Jf9 a.x., 2y r. m. 7 e.n.
 Rochester, May 1, 1819.
 Grand fflebralion.—l'reHomS
 Annual Jubilfr.
 THE Anniversary of \N •*t Jndia Emancipation,
 will be celebrated at tlte city of Buffalo, on ;b&lt;-
 First dav of August next. Gram! and extensive
 preparations are being made to make it oue of ti.e
 most brilliant affair* upon record. A general in
 vitation is given to aJI Freedom’s Friends rhrmiglt
 out ihe State and elsewhere.
 Come one’ come ail’
 GEORGE WEIR, Jr
 Sec’y of Committee i&gt;f Arrangement.-.
 Central Grand Ctltbratien. Free
 dom's Annnal JwMlee.
 PIE Anniversary of West India Eoiaocipate hi
 w ill he celebrated in the eky of A attorn, on tie-
 First day of August next. Extensive preparation,
 are being made to make it one of the nvr-i brilliant
 affair* upon record A general invitation is give:
 to all Free&gt;V»m'» Friend, throughout the Sutc an-!
 elaewhere C-*eur old -usi young* come one, cowie
 all. J W.'QLIXCV,
 Se&lt;. of f'«m, of krrangemc.it.
 May 11, 1849
 Tht 0M t trait? shop.
 .4f .Vtf 4fl Slretl Rorhtst'r.
 LLOYD S* OTT, gralein! (is the patronage
 awarded hue, would reaper tfhlh lufcroi bit
 friend* and the public generally that he has rereatb
 enlarged his establishment anil angneotrd his »tori
 of Men’s, Women’s, and Children’s. New ant!
 Second hand apparel. In addition to this depart
 ment he wifi buy and sell and Store Furni
 tare, Bonks, Jewelry, Fancy ankles, Mrrkuuci
 and agricultural implements, and indeed all those
 various odds and ends” of which Buy nut 1*
 mdilv obtained at other placet. It is bis nttmixa.
 to, keep The Old Caroeity Shop" weU furnisher
 with an ensile»• variety of article* for which be w'R
 pay liberally and dispone of at aauafactory price,
 Clothing repaired and renovated with neatm-M
 and despatch.
 Doat Ljtt The Old Caro* it Shop.
 Rochester March 1849
Narrative oi hie liit.of feeder
 D'K IWIKiUSS, *riitpft l* kiaawrlT, to t«*
 ♦wi at Urn cfiirr, prif» 3(1 mMi; w h Edit. 37^
 r-
 Hair-&lt; tttfmr and at
 Ralph Ffuxns’* f w
 fLi fi |A&gt;i It
BOSTON tWERTISENIKVrS.
 t
 HOME FOR RE FOR TIER*.
 i'HK iu« n imrtft! in ihat w-m!.
 n«-ut, ami boardtogdiMw-e. V*. 2* Centre
 f hr will n~*«i urituii' &lt;i«r
 ■*l the f rn- id* &lt;»i R- tinn. at asw.n.drie
 He wi-itr-* hi* hni*r i«» l« thr ouif.il piurr m R*r*
 t -u, tin I, t TVimprniiW IV-ur, I'rsiv
 FwAl, she meet f, i
 J» ftiinhilahlf ikl (port hurr
 Central Court opens iJi 2SS *ttrrr
 JOHN \l SPEAK
 \ug, 21,
 THOMAS I*. SMITH, No. 3*. Braitir
 A &gt;ujil of ti*r (iuldfii Bail. N* n *j*i Sc* «n
 kind (Tothinj Sim*.
 Thf tlassar hnsrtts (Jiiarttrlyßf&gt; ie*
 t COMMENCED ou lit.- iir*t of rWember, 1 ■**47
 J to In* continued on the I*r of Hard. June, .m*
 i swl iypiciiihrr. it wdi lie devoted to tin* inlrres!
 of n*j party or class, Up i t% conductors will endea
 vor to (&gt;resent au open and (air field for tlie nolin
 .uni di.cns.-uon of matters prruitua* to Ptnlosopiiv
 Politic.-*, Litiriturr, Religion, jmd Hiunanm.
 The Review will lie conducted l R. \V*. Enter
 son, Throdoie Parker, and J. l.ilmt Cabot,
 l»y several other gentlemen.
 Each number will contain alvmt 125 pm;e«, at d«
 price of ?S a year, in advance
 Communication.-*, mi! script* on*, &gt;b*mM U
 addressed to tin- Publishers,
 c(x»liim;k w ilev,
 12, ater Street, Bo^tor
 ROBEKI MORRIS, Jh., Vttnrnev and Com
 ■*ellor at Law, Bmzer’s Building, Sim* Siree
 Boston.
 JOHN lb REVAI.EO.N, Hair Cutting Saloon
 and Perfimfc-ry Emporium, 111, Blackstone-s
MEW YORK IDfEITISEMEVrs.
 EI.LIS A. POTTERS Ready Made nothin.
 Store. Ml 4'anal Street, between Clnncli Strep
 and West Broadway, New York. AL«i»—A lien
 enil Assniunent oil ienilenJeu’s Furnishing \	iicle»
 constantly on hand.
 May 18, 1819.
 FI ST FI’BLISHtI), and for sale at the office i
 •t of the Anti Slavery Standard—
 The legion ol Liliertv, and Force of Truth, 10)
 edition.
 This work, coiitains alxrut 280 (cures ol clos
 reading; 3UO eminent nniltoritiex, and alxmt ixt
 illustrative jnigray ings. Price 07J etc. in mud in
 and 2.3 cents in pajier covers. A veiv liU*ral di
 count to tim-e who purchase a number of copies.
 Pile Condition, InHuence, Rights, and Appeal
 W omen,from vaiSoiis authors, cents,
 letter to the People of the 1 oiled States, tonchin
 the Matter of Slavery. B\ Theodore Parker.-
 pp. 120. Price 18 j cents.
 W m. W Brown's Lecture before the Female A
 Society ol Salem, Mass. Ke(x»rted In 11. M
 Parklmrsf, Boston —pp. 22. 5 emits.
4 olorfri Sailors' Home.
r York.
 FRIENDS &lt;*f the -lave, and strangers on a visit
 l&lt;&gt; Mew York, rati now he accommodated with
 as good Board, anti at art low a price as in am other
 house in the city. The house in large ami con
 venietit; will hold eonithitably sevent* peisons.
 Families ran have private room*, and evert atten
 tion paiti to their comfbtt. \VM. P. POU F 1,1..
 May 11, IS4O.
 DU. J. MV I NE SMITH. 9:5. West Broad
 way.
 MRS. PETTI r Would respectfully inform lie&gt; j
 Friends and the Public, that she hn« rontoved j
 horn Tall to a eomriutdious house .No. 162, Church;
 Street, wltetc she v. ill continue to entertain tespert
 alile colored persons with Board and Lodging
 New York, May 11, 1819.
 Flll.lt* A. HITE. Druggist, ct.ruer nt li.mi.
 fort, and Hold Street.
 TITII. H. TOPP, Merohant Tailor, 546 Broad
 way. Also an extensive assortment off'i avals,
 Stocks, Hosiery, &lt;i loves, &amp;c
 Allranv, Feb. 11, 1848.
PHILADELPHIA IBIERTISEIM’TS.
 tifufral Intelligence Otfiec.
 G KO. \V. t iO| NKS having opened an K.-&gt;tabli»h
 irwr-iir at tl.e I* mi. aUKi.p hi a IssTirurr.,
 launUitd Mill!, above Seventh, for the pitr|jo-*e ol
 procui mg houe&gt;! .tod laifhltd dnmentic.i for iho-e
 who may require tlient, and obtaining places for
 such as are qualified and In want thereof. Let's leave
 to refer to tlie follow ing named gentlemen, who have
 kindlv permitted the use of their names n-
 KF.&gt; E R V Kt. FS
 Ano row M'Makin Kditor of ihe Amei icati I inn i.a
 Robert Murri", Kditor of the Inquirer
 Jasper Harding, Publisher of the inquirer
 Charles J. Peterson, Kditor ol Neal’s (ia/.eiie
 Titos. B. Florence, Kditor of Time* and Key-tone
 Rolieit Howell, 88, hesmu Street
 Hilliam J. Mullen, 27*. Catherine Street.
 Philadelphia, Sept. 1, 1848. K—do.
 DU. H. J. PKCK, Phy-icim? and Surgeon, Phi
 ladelphia Institute, l.omlmiil Street, ulmvt-
 Seventh. 1 s —3&lt;i
 FREE PUOUITK STORK.
 NKW tit M )I)S ju-1 rec ited. t ienerai reduction
 in prices.
 Pine 4-1 111 lit various styles.
 \dV .Iy It ol I*l nits of niediiutl quality, tonal w idlli.
 Fine and wide Pa|iei Mn-iins. Af*o Colt recj
 i Cam I trie c.
 i Curtain Calico. Si&gt;|xnor line hint/ I inlirelln-
 Oil Cloths
 Salim tx, food and cheap. Also on hand, mostly at
 reduced prices, (jingitauix, iari&lt;*ii* qualities an
 xly les.
 I Fine and heavy Shilling. &gt;lieetmgs, and Pillow
 Muslins.
 Stiijs-il C.cruhrir j. Fine b-4 Plaid Muslin.
 Muslin de Lame, plain and neatlv figured, all wool
 Linens, warranted fie*: fruhl cotton,
 i Flannels 4-4 good and price low. union Jlnnnets
 white and colored-
 Table r and Cloths, ofddletetU styles.
 Apron an.! fmi name t iieek. CViltoti Handkerchiefs.
 Cotton Twilled Pantalomi Staff*. «\!-o Linen
 Drilling,
 Long and hail Ho«e, tine and iieavy
 i Knitting Cotton, various Nos., bi&lt; ached, toon ti, ao&lt;!
 ei.loi td.
 \Vadding, win!*- and colored Cotton l-ap*. Also,
 Kc-tined Loaf, Crtislied, and Pulverized Sugai
 llrown Sugar, a*.*! qui»’dy,of various giadt-.
 Tix wimk- Up k exclusively Free Lalior Good*,
 t*» wiiieii tiie S'ii»s&lt; i d*-i would iuTite the attention
 ol Country merchant*, a* well as hi* trie ad* and the
 public generally.
 Mach pains is taken by tie- Managers &gt;*l tlx- Fte*
 Produce A»s&lt;a latioo, to assist the SoLmtida-i to *n
 iarge the assortment li*an tunc to tone.
 GLOKGE TAILOR,
 Northwest corner Fifth and fVir;-'ti
 i Philadelphia 2d mo. l*t, 1818 tf
 /MIAKLKS JONFS, North Star Houte. No. 26,
 L North Street, between Fifth ami Sixth, and
 Market ami Atch street*, Phiiadeijhua.
 Stranger* Tisiting tile city wilt lind Ua- North
 j Star I liaise the most crutnl, r«*rmi«*l awl
 k•stable House in Philadelphia.
 I*t»iia«leipl.ia, fh*c I. J’l** n*4B
 Free Labor i.oodv
 MAN I l Al II RF-D lx the Amer'an Free Pro*
 dure Ae«sa i:*tjsaß, arj't (o. sale V JtJ, North
 Fitihodreel, Philadelphia
 Manrhe-ter Gingham*; Cimeka, Apt mi and For
 mure; Canton Fanned, anUeadM-d; Mwim,
 itir.it died aiel unbleached, of vari-an &lt;juiiifie» aiai
 e Uit; thin Mo*bn fcr linings, brown and c&lt;,lor*d
 Bird live Towels; Flack ami »i.ite VI aldug;
 Cotton Pap*., Laxnp Wick; Bed Ticking, m tr*
 re!Sent article Calico. Storking*. Knitting i&lt;tUMi.
 k‘ kr.
 Order* (or Goods, or letter* desmng mfijrmatKrii.,
 mar l* aaidre*tjed to J. Miller Alt Run, 31, Nortf
 FittiHtiwt; Daniel L Milier, Tenih-*tr«rt; or to
 Jame* M at, No. 3S. dun h Alley
 j A large and handwanr mrrfiiiil of Prim* non
 I on hand. jul—if
 Aitl-Slavery Offlcf,
 Vo. 31. Sortk Fifth Strert, Phtlad’lyhta.
 I FI LL itfcflßHit of anti-*iavery poUicat»ot&lt;
 .A i* kejK r/&gt;o»ta;&gt;liy oo bare 5 A!*o a b*uiieoix,
 variety of ouareiianetMi* pufdiratium, and naeftt
 1 and Fancy Stateaurry
 AU Inter* rebtiag to tW bucmeM of the office
 to be directed to J. Miller Mr Kuo. ft. North
 Fiffb-vuen*. Phda-letpbi». pd—tf

_ JU AVS l OLI MA
 tXf- Ah the medieioe. adrertised In W B Skm*
 are *&gt;M In P it« din. Wiosbm k Yooaf, Ro
 be«er, S. Kcdhav Frank tort A S B«ir4io A
 Co., Ic»imw: T 4. A Frye, Brwkpon; CiW
 N.r. I’ittsford; W W'ittiava, Buffalo; t«d by
 s i*nigat»*t.« tbioafboni the I ntted State.
 FAMILY OINTMENT.
 t ll i OINTMENT is !»i» universal!} as
 ki oeifs fed to hr an infaHfbir remedy), to every
 ,mt it hue. two fmthfudy applied the iw.
 te..a n. hn iH-mhtiaf lu«0a»«Mr Perwpiraitoc.
 i&gt;g o*ll the from a re*
 hc»»*»g nt run kind. and &lt;a Ha healing quab
 lis-s ib, w t,fld ck«r- in* pnnhire »t» equal, And the
 I *&lt;idie p* onouiirr it th»- chra}*-«t and he** Family
 f6»tu»-»i shai j t( heea i*«ed. Alt di*o#e* «i
 Otwtoukie I rrr«, &gt;ki S--re»,N hilbiaiti*.
 S&lt; re n»r»«at, Bwi a*. I'm*, f'otaneons Fnylw*,
 S-ne Nijipl*-., S*»re Breasts. D,«,r-e« of the Eye,
 Ait a* m tjie iace. -ode. hack, .ml the other part* td
 r 7Vi H ,U&gt;i,v 1 !rrr v w Head. Braise*.
 I re*n \V mind*. and every kind of sore* contair.lo4
 o-s is; puitrele of intliuiini.itit-(t are permanently
 t uiexj fry this great runes!*.
 W B.sEOAN,
 *ami l»*j..t, it) Lak&lt; ,i., (;hin|o, 111
 r ts'r r ALONG DHTIIOt'T IT
 Bvaii i's l.novr. Will To., Id.,
 October 24, 1848
 Mn, &gt;rn*&gt;—s,r 1 itav» tested die rhturot
 \ot&gt;f Ointment )n the ttnc of rattle snake bt«e*,*urr
 throat, tmi ns, and many other injuries, ami inevety
 !&gt;ai swl T ,i -’**ed «nr expectation*. A* a Faux
 hutment 1 have never seen tt« r t ual. and sai
 '--o-ts v.,» n,n t m a k Hl? withcun »t
 A -»ors,
 miles m Johnson
 KXCKIUNT OINTJUFST.
 Mt;. Sioax—Dear Sir For rootuierahte
 dogdi ol tune I was seriously nttiicted with the
 Riiernn.it ir rimkiiat, tml applied tree I v tlte various
 linimrnis, paia-tillrrs kc., eitkoflt obtaining any
 rtiicl. Alter which your agent at thi* place iudu*
 cnriii n»e to try your Ointtivcnt, uud wiliitn two
 "ecks tn-rn the time I commenced using it, the pain
 ceased, nitd I was effectnalt* cured; ami shall re
 com tucin I all who are similark aftiirted with the dis
 tressing complaint, to procure ymtr excellent oitM
 tncnt wiilhhii dc!a\. Kr*p\ iourt&gt;,
 OSCAR F. MOTT
 Pi trn-rvilh-, Peona Co., 111.. May 1. '4B.
 l BITTKN F.NTIRCLY OH
 Two Mi Vs South of Chicago, i
 Sept. 14, 1848.
 Dk. St ii v —Sir )n ilie Nth Hist, my son had
 linger bitten entircl* ahorse. Hr imineri,
 aiH\ applied your celebrated Ointment which te
 lieved him ot pain in a few minutes, and prevented
 the finger from swelling the least particle, ami the
 W' tio iis nou healing rapidly.
 Respectful!* vours,
 S. R(M'K\VA\
 iMMMK Aitrn i.t:.
 Vrc any attbeted with j»a»»is, hfiii sis, cut j ot wjff 1
 any kind Let tiM’in read B. Sloan’* ad
 verliseinent in anoihei; colninn. Wc lielieve thl*
 ointmi-iif to be a prime article tin- any thing of the
 kind and no humbug. 'Try a little of it helbre you
 stdiei any longer. It can Ire had at nearly all ’the
 stores in this place.—[huuv Intelligencer.
 UIK HKAV AND I HKAPKST
 lIORsE &gt;1 EI)I&lt;1 N E
 IN Tltr tVORII).
SLOWS OINTMFNT
 a N n
 CONDITION P OWIj EH
 have EARNED A &lt;i"KAT NAME.
 i r Purity, Mild nr m. Safety, Certainty
 •"til Tlvrrougkntii SLOAN'S
 OLXTMKXT Excels,
 Vinl rapidly superseding all oilier Ointments am
 Liniments* i»»v in use tor (lie cure of the follow in
 disease*
 Fresh Wound., trails of all kind*, Sprains
 I’o ni'fs, (.'rarked lleelb, Ringbone, WinilijalU, Po
 Kvil, Callu-, Spavins, Sweeney, Fistula, Siiftsi
 Strains, Lameness, Sami Cracks, Foundered Feet
 Scratches or Create, Mange and Horn Distemper
 I In- Pmv I'Mt w ill remove all inliainmation am
 IfSer, purify the flood, loosen the skill, cleanse tin
 water, ami «tixngtlien every part of tire body; am
 has proved a sovereign remedy- tor the follow ini
 diseases;
 Distemper, Hidc-bnuod, Fuss of Appetite, Ij.
 ward Strains, bellow Water, Jntlaimnation ol tla
 Kyi s. Fatigue from hard exercise. Also, Rlieuma
 n*m, (commonly called still complaint,) whir}
 proves «o fatal to many valuable horses m this
 country. It is also a sale and certain remedy foi
 coughs and colds, which generate «o many fatal dts
 W. IS. SLOAN,
 Crand Ih-pm. 10 Lake M., Chicago, Ul lm »i».
 I I! WT Etio.vt I lit “OAI.KN t NORTH-WESTER A
 CAZETTE.”
 lo tin ii-e ol Moan's Ointment anil Condition
 Powder, I have entirely cured a Fistula on mi
 horse, and otherwise improved Ids condition rnoii
 iliau 500 }*-i cent, on the rout of the medicine. Ami
 a cow which was *o techie as to Is; considered
 worthk -s hy myself and neighbors, was restored to
 good health and strength hy the use of lev* tlw„ hall
 a package ol the powder, anil is now dome bettar
 than any othei cow I liave. W M IVt'KNT
 Small Pov. May 13,
 I'liPl (.Alt 01*1 MON,
 it popidai opinion is any criterion of die north
 ol an article, we invite the incredulous to read at
 least a few. ol the many voluntary certificate* wbuh
 appear in our column* respecting the great variety
 of remarkable cures effect. t,y the us. of ««.Sloan'.
 ■vMrrated Ointment and Condition Powder.”
 I hese remedies no longer remain among tiewe or
 doubtful utility lin y have passed from the tide ..I
 ex|eriintnl, and now stand higher in refutation, amt
 are becoming imn e extensively used titan ail othei
 art 1 1 lea ol the kind.—(Michigan City V,.y v
 tfir jiAt.t has not keen told.
 I OX IiIVEK, ittfit |Ji,
 Dn Si.o a&gt; Dear Sir Please send by the bear
 er a new supply of your Horse Medicine*. They
 are die best articles of ||m- kind dull 1 have evei
 used, never ii.ivmg iieen disappointed m their efleci
 a- 1 have been in the Itt oilier, evm the most
 celebrated Ointments, Liniments, &amp;.r., of die day
 I like very much this feature in them, vi/ that the*
 do all dun is promised, and upon a thorough trial
 one is con-tra to add that half lias not been
 told.’’ fiespeetfoliv,
 M DI'DLF.%.
 THE DIM ERE VE.
 The on.mai v Ointment- ami Liniment*, it i* well
 known, are severe ami puma! in then operation
 Sloan’* Oiuiuiciii mild, yet thorough it reaches
 ami removes the .au-e, l» m.- it stives real ami per
 manent relief
 For purity, mildiie**, satiety, (ertaiaty, ami thor
 oogh ies-, Sh«in Ointment t'cels, ami rapidlv
 Hijierseifiog ;»H other omlment. ~,*1 liniment* now
 UtUiD NEWS.
 ‘“tAOO.Jao.Hch,
 V 11, ALoa&gt; "It Owol my hoc*** wa* hoot
 :s,ono ami alto wotmded the t iAe,
 tm.k cold, ami became ao crippled that he roald
 -cicely travel Bv die tree appheation of ion*
 VAluabh. O into an t, h„ hoof, were *oot.
 me »trfie permanently cured.
 1 have aJ*o uaed tin. Ointment in die caae of Pull
 f.vd ami on eevere gall, with c,ual *ucc*m.
 &lt;l.l willed lioger that wa, very painful ,t op.
 m ik*- rhaffii Vta»r«
 VAN ORDFN
 EXTR EOKDi NAR ’i CCre.
 r 'h o/ Chicago. («m road to
 Mdw-aokw.jl ook co., 111., April 18 'Mi
 'lr M ot* l)tae Arc Or* im bar*** had
 Urge irony 1 mn-.r on hi* brea* bon*', .mmediauK
 nmhrr the collar, which lame*? him and rendered hi,
 senses ,4 very little Value. fadWo% •ppised
 several of [&gt;i Taylor's Nerve aui Bor.
 lanina-iit, without die lea»t l*,*ht I then pro
 cured ikler’a Celebrated H u-e Outtrrießt, aiuj
 used that until I ia-came tully saimhed mat it wotll&lt;
 nevei relieve d* ;wu*.al. f nally, 1 olasiimml
 le.x i 4 font truly vs'tuble OinuiMrftt, and isj
 than bO day* fr&lt;aa the hr.t a-tplteatioii the tumor en
 lirek di»afipe'aro»l a tel the hortr wa* w«U.
 V EDWARD ARMSTRONG.
 ohATtrvuw irtfiiiiißmcg,
 F usil every (Hit of the rutmuy wiicnt Shrau'a
 Hoc&gt;e Ointment aiai Condition Powder” hat** been
 urtrulurrd, tire haa r««iv*d d* n^,
 gntiiyuut tnieUigeore of their rem.rlu.ble elect ami
 pupoku, v t„ a muttiutde of .o.tane«,. ,h* v
 r’*
