POETRY.
For ihc North Star.
 TIH7 NORTH ST IR.
 Wilt* nltnYr tlo *l &gt;mty itrrjl
 Ucral I* ««f tlir tcmpmt rniwp,
 Am I ilm&gt; &gt;lirg«- upon t!» m
 a m mmful
 a rye, from far,
 tiSmm ir* f.nth ttw* padin} Star.
 .I iSlk' lifw, for i{KMy Iwaiiuth
 O’er the #t;rfe’» fwosi;
 Stil&lt;ir! liope, f r armting gleanfcHh—-
 'ill «u It reach thy |«an*ft&gt;l home.
 Lmi; U»o Jarliiug marr,
 Th&gt; n h**t t*ar«* l a «rat«ry
 Thcmi’t the &gt;t:uk an I itiemat mi* fit,
 AVatrhc t in rain for morning light;
 4'onragc,—there i» bope for thee—
 -1 v-m i.« hn-aking o’er the
 Like an an *c!*i* gentls whiapor,
 Breathittj aoft in tone* of love,
 Like a *pirit’* voice, rephiiur,
 Sailor, lift thine eye* above.”
 I
 Far up in the partin; aky,
 l&gt;:t|»j le4 clotrl* are flittin; hr,
 Ifni lichh I the.n, liright,
 &lt;»limtn-*r* &lt;«f a eiteerius light;
 Sail or! upward, while flow lar,
 AJlvviu tie* gl »r’r«i* 'gui li i; S’ar.
 C.is .rl m i lerer, t tlij cihii)W»,
 L l tity heart lx- Ir/it ai*J free;
 H»r-fi every dream of &gt;rrm
 L i‘it ii&gt; hreaUi.ig o’er the rca.
 Li, upon the *ultry lain*,
 la t, the ei i.l of .liii‘3 t liaiit*,
 A t.l, like th .non voi.a* roc
 Xyra’it thiridm to the rkiet;
 Ihriint, ’oeath imii- wing,
 Tine for Frwdom —giorciu-- thing.
 \V«, a million eyes ari' *treaniinff,
 &lt;*H/.iog to ilk; north atfl**,
 \\‘h»l ami.l the ilarknem', Iteamiitj,
 B!ii iio o htighf, a hi iliimt Stir.
 Min !,nmiil a nmml night,
 foil;-.; I in fir whence* light—
 Sonh, the witiM.i ice
 It nun i iii Slav, n to pine,
 An I the Ilih!.', chart to lieaven,
 To tlie tvnvkc.l heart ne’er lie given.
 Iloa Imnil! hope—tltv tyrant’* fetter
 Yet will \i 1 I l Frieilom’* might
 i&gt;.i\ is* break ng, glorimw in truing—
 Sec t!n; li.-iag, upmeling light.
 Tlioiigh the nig!it be long an l drear,
 Ami no morning yet aj |xar,
 Thickening eton k ar- hovering nigh,
 Far a 'i'o. s th* murky eky.
 Fitful tempest* gathering now,
 Hound the in nirnful guide lurow
 Bon hinn! take tliy heai*V new courage,
 See the light —it I tram* from far;
 Tlmu wilt reach the land of freedom,
 tiuided by the Northern Slur.
 J. W. R.
 Ken lal, N. Y.
 FORGET ME NOT.
 •‘Thou’lt forget me when Ftn g me.”—Shak.
 Fnr»*t tlusr ah! an 1 const thou Utiuk
 A (feet ion’s bonds so col!,
 That hlightiiig ti ne soon nis*s the link
 Which bound the heart of 01.11
 Though the kindled (kune may paler grow,
 l’eea'jse it is not f• f,
 The vital spark still glows below,
 Till life within is tied.
 Forgtt tliee! no! when pleasure fills
 Her g ildets to the brim,
 And mirth and joy, like sparkling rills,
 No breath of care may dim;
 When e irrow’s clouds are gathered rouud
 The heart that once was gay v
 When the s cubic veil of night is bound
 Around the face of day.
 Forget thee! no! while fancy moulds
 Height images that last,
 While t!ie sleepless eve of memory holds
 Its vigils o’er the past.
 Forget tlice! no! when death is near,
 To claim the tribute due,
 One constant thought shall draw the tear
 That t!i night so lull of \ou.
 J. P.
 From tlia Liberty .**tar.
 A VOIC E FOR THE SLAVE.
 .BY MRS. A. C. JUDSOJ*.
 Oh, pity the -lave, as lie groans ’neath the rod.
 More terrible far than the scourges of (iod;
 Than pestilence, earthquake, or withering breath
 Of dreaded sirocco—that herald of death.
 The slave is cn lowed with a gem that’s divine,
 And ma\ like a star of the firmament shine;
 Hut the casket emd ising it lv.-nrs a dark stain,
 And hence like tlx brute he must ever remain.
 Oli, pity the slave i:i his agonizing grief,
 When tlie voice of affection can vie! 1 no relief,
 For tin- friends of his heart are relentlessly torn,
 And away from his presence in aogajsh are horuc.
 Fond parents upon their 1 &gt;ve l rhildrcfNiiny smile,
 And an hour of despni !c;vy seek to beguile,
 Yet fear, like a cankrr-w »nn, preys on their joy,
 Ami ever the first hu !s of li ijh: doth destroy.
 IV slave! how he toils un ier ta-kmasters stem,
 From whom ancient Egypt might cruelty team;
 Still dav aft r day, and each we k toiling hard,
 Yet kiviug no profit, receives no reward.
 H it tlie darkest of deeds that is w rought ’neath tlie
 son,
 Which S! ivery i*i her foul spirit liath done,
 Ia to shut out tlie soul from Heavi n’s pure light,
 Ail I leave it to w ander in darkness of night.
 No Hible, no Sal.ii.tlli, no ultur of prayr,—
 The saint*’ blest communion he never irrar shiire!
 No light on his pathway—alas fin the slave!
 His s mi’s f a lest hope is the rest of the grave.

 Oh! pity the si.i\i and impelled by th.it love
 W liirii brought the Ih di-emer of men from nlmvc,
 (i&gt;&gt; fiiili lo lii. re., tie—act nobly, and pruv
 For tie* death of o;&gt;pn -siou and, Freedom’s bright
 day.
 •V
 Fro n the Telegraph.
 thII.II.UUI V.
 ftn Tu tw iru's banks llnix
 Ten hnn ire i moons a i,
 .U youthful tiwuy Id li.iii I* &gt;v,
 With quiv.-r a*id w i! i«iw
 A’iewi i t ill'* ery.-ta! rtna n tiiut flowed
 In ircKtrnf.il silence slow
 Win! V. phyi'.s hreez.- ills knk* did tan,
 IJ«- la !.i n I in acre l~ low
 th hi firsit Spirit of tia* skies,
 Lb iw before thy la-
 1 pray Uia tna i kite hu not fortti,
 The ilestrttrtioft of our raci!
 A pali-ftvl uali hi drive* out,
 A. l l occupies that home
 \Vher- once with manly pri !e ue strode,
 Au l ebimed it jui eur ow»&gt;.
 In tin dark *!u h of solitude.
 An i in mv w igwam there,
 Wt-tmn I’ve supplicate I the v
 hat th &lt;u me rac»* woulUt sp’ 4^'
 I *m sra to sea llxy’ve driven un,
 V. t’w li ft at large to roam;
 *1 h* y desi c ate our f.tdiersi’ ttrave#:
 tifi.il Bjn;it, w* he n&lt;&gt;
 A.S.
 t *ial, l&gt;ovr.
E I* K C TlO N 8«
EXTRACT FROM THE OF
 MR. IULFRF.Y ON THE POLITI
 CAL AfcPEfT OF THE SLAVE
 QUESTION.
 Mr. Chairman!—On the 2*l*l day of
 December—a day consecrated to all
 time by the ft rat pressure of the foot
 steps of the martyr*of liberty cn the
 of this eatem World, desecra
 ted to all time by the constimmaSFn. at
 the other end of the Capitol, cf the
 measures taken by the champions of
 Slavery for the admission of a foreign
 nation into this Union, for the purpose
 j of strengthening and perpetuating that
 institution—the eenth*man from
 Carolina (Mr. Clingman) addressed the
 Committee on what, in the pamphlet
 publication of his remarks, he has
 called 1 the Political Aspect of the Slave
 Question. He treated the subject with
 great courtesy, fairness, rrutderation
 i and dignity, i am not cure thr.t his
 speech w ill not permanently connect yet
 another class of associations with that
 famous date. I see in it evidence that
 the time has passed away when it was
 thought necessary to banish this great
 question from the deliberations of this
 I Hall. I joyfully accept the omen. 1
 see other indications of the same w’cl
 rornre improvement in the state of feel
 ing amund us. It is 1 ut a litt'e while
 since I read two articles in the South
 ern Review'* on this subject, of which
 th* temper aad tone were as commend
 hli) is the argument seemed to me fal
 lr»ci*»us. I understand that there has
 hern a plan for a newspaper in this
 District, to he devoted to the interests
 of Southern Slavery. And, on the oth
 er hand, a plan has not only been pro
 jected, hut executed, for the estahlish
 ment of a paper witli the opposite design
 —(The National Era.) It is conduct
 ed with distinguished ability, and, I am
 told, enjoys a w idc circulation. There
 were some threats of violence, l be
 lieve, at first, hut they came to nothing.
 The friends of Liberty, it seems, have
 at last a fair field. Give them that, and
 they ask no favor.
 I said that in my opini &gt;n the gcntle
 i men from North Carolina was right in
 introducing the subject; and i am
 struck with the propriety of the title
 i which he gives to his published remarks j
 —The Political Aspect of the Slave
 Question. Sir, it is the great political
 question of the country, and has been
 f»om the beginning of this century,
 though not hitherto so prominent as
 j now. It is the question which under
 lies all other great questions, and deter
 mines their solution.
 I must pass entirely over many
 things, and lightly over many others.—
 i As to this Political aspect of the Slave
 Question, how r has it dealt withr our,
 j Right of Petition, and our Freedom of
 Speech and of the Press—the two lasi
 belonging to the inheritance of our
 Anglo Saxon manhood, the former com
 monly recognized in the poorest vassal;
 that crouches before a despot’s throne.
 i For several years, the petitions of our
 constituents for the redress of what they
 feft to be offensive grievances were con
 temptuously thrown back by a standing
 regulation of this House; and now the
 most that we have gained is, that they
 may go into the hands of the Committee
 i on the District, which Committee, it is
 just as well understood as if it w’crc
 formally set down and ordained in your
 Rules and Orders, is to do its office by
 simply burying them out of sight, and
 taking care that they be no more heard j
 of forever.
 Liberty of Speech and Liberty ofthe
 Press, what arc they worth in nearly
 half of the States of this Union, if one
 would exercise them in relation to the
 great moral, social, and political ques
 tion of the time? On that subject,
 within those borders, who does not
 know that a man is not to speak or print
 his mind, except at peril of life and
 limb Nor docs Personal Liberty, in
 certain cirtumstances, fare better, By
 the Constitution of Massachusetts, es
 tablished in 1780, people of' color are
 citizais of that Commonwealth, as
 much as whites. And by the Federal
 Constitution, which w ent into operation
 in 1789, all “citizens of each State are
 entitled to all privileges and immunities
 of citizens in the several States.” By
 the Constitution of Massachusetts, 1
 say, freedom is universal within her
 limits, and citizenship has nothing to do
 with color. There was never an act
 of Emancipation in that Comnion
 wealtli. Emancipnti &gt;n took place hy
 force of the organic law Three years
 after its adoption, a colored man pros
 ecuted a white man for as.-au!t and bat
 tery. The fact was admitted, hut jus
 tified on the ground that the black w as
 a slave, and that the assault was the
 lawful chastisement of the master. The
 court held, that under the dau-etf the
 bill of rights declaring that ail men
 an- born tiec and equal, and have cer
 tain natural, essential and inalienable
 rights, among which may be reckoned
 the right of enjoying and defending their
 lives and liberties,” (language almost
 copied from that w ritten by a Yirginiau
 pen in tlie Declaration of Independ
 ence,) no such relations as those of
 master and slave could subsist in Mas
 saehusetts. The master was convicted
 and lined, and slavery took its last leave
 of her jurisdiction.
 The colored citizen of Massachu
 setts goes on his lawful occasions to a
 Southern State, with just as good con
 stitutional right to trend its soil in secu
 rity and at will, as the heir of its own
 longest and proudest lineage. But not
 only is he forbidden by I lie pseudo-le
 gislation of the place to land there in
 freedom, he is not permitted even to
 remain in freedom on braid the ship
 that has conveyed him. He is forced
 on shore to a prison; aud when he is
 discharged and departs, it is on the
 I payment of a ransom, ca!kd the ex
 pense of his detention. If he comes a
 second time, he is scourged. If a
 third, he is sold into perpetual slavery.
 So decrees the so-culh d law. Massa
 chusctts was uneasy to have her unof
 fending citizens treated thus. She re
 monstrated, hut to no purpose, except
 to draw down fresh insult. She could
 not, nor did ehe desire to cscstce the*
 responsibility of adopting all means in
 her power tor their protection. She
 sent one of her most respected citizens,
 a man of admirable w isdom, discretion,
 dignity, and purity of character, siirt
 plv to try the question of the validity r#f
those provision* which South Carolina
 persisted in affirming to be law, though
 that ene of her most eminent aona,who
 had cognizance of it on the supreme
 tribunal of the nation, bad said; “On
 i the tmconstitutionality of the law, it is
 not too much to say, that it m ill not bear
 argument.
 A New Political Aspect of the Slave
 question w as new tHselovrod. The Slave
 Question had closed the doors of the
 Federal Ccoits, to which it belonged
 to extend the security that the Federal
 Constitution liad assured. The Mas
 saehusetts lawyer could not reach the
 bench before which he woukl have
 pleaded for the liberty and rights of
 Ma-sarhnsetts freemen. Nor only so.
 The Slave Question had yet further as
 pects for himself. He was expelled,
 and sent home w ith indignity, it it were
 p ssihle for indignity to reach such a
 ir.an. And laws, so-called, were forth
 with enacted, making it liighly penal
 henceforward to seek legal redress in
 that region, under such circumstances,
 for the extremest outrages offered to a
 New England freeman,
 j Mr. Chairman, we have no present
 remedy, We cannot raise a regiment,
 nor fit out a ship, for the inuintainance
 of the rights of those to whom the
 State owes protection, as much as they
 owe allegiance to the State. We are
 disarmed by those compromises of the
 Constitution, which Massachusetts re
 spects. I shudder while I refer to such
 expedients; but in other times they
 would have been resorted to. It may
 be we ffiall sec hereafter that these
 dismal transactions are not merely to
 be deplored. It is such extravagances
 that attract attention, arouse indo
 lence, and excite to action. It is a
 method of Providence, to provide for
 the ultimate overthrow* of great evils,
 by the practical development of their
 enormity. The excess of an abuse
 conducts it to its fate. I said to Mr.
 Hoar, when I welcomed him back, that
 I could not wholly regret the annoyance
 he had endured, for they seemed to be
 long to that blackest darkness that just
 precedes the day. I believe it was so;
 and that while the pen of history was
 recording that shameful chapter, the
 pen of Destiny was writing the certain
 and not distant downfall of the oppres
 sive and insolent institution.
 Then came, for the strengthening and
 perpetuation of Slavery, the disastrous
 measure of the annexation of Texas,,
 with its long train of Political Aspects
 of the Slavery Questiqn, long enough
 already, and still stretching far away
 into the unknown and threatening fu
 lure. The first fruit of that proceed
 ing was the repeal of the Tariff act of
 1812, a measure which took the bread
 from the mouths of thousands of the
 working men of the Free States, and a
 measure carried hy two votes cast at
 the other end of this building, by men
 who had no more constitutional right to
 come in and act upon cur affairs, than
 any two who might have been brought
 over from England, or France, or
 Algiers. Tlie next blossoming of the
 tree was the pending war with Mexico.
 Gentlemen please themselves with ma
 king distinctions between the occasion
 and the cause of that war. But no
 body, I take it, doubt that, if Texas
 had not been annexed, war would not
 have taken place. Mr. Calhoun,whose
 sagacity all the newspapers extol,
 thought he could set fire to a barrel of
 gunpowder, and extinguish it when half
 consumed. He has lived to rue the
 failure of the hopeful experiment. We
 have spent a hundred millions of dol
 lars, and arc going on spending. No
 matter for the money, if it had only been
 buried in the deep blue sea, deeper
 than did ever plummet sound,” instead
 of being used to purchase so much dis
 grace and mischief. But it has been
 made to carry widowhood and orphan
 age into thousands of the homes of a
 sister Republic, the homes of men and
 women who never injured us. It has
 been made to carry widowhood and or
 phanage into thousands of our own
 American homes; to write a chapter in
 our history for the execration and loath
 ing ofthe civilized and Christian world,
 and the bitter shame of our own wiser
 posterity. t
 Again: the gentleman urged to this
 point the natural inferiority of the negro
 race, (page 7.) He lias no doubt ex
 amined, and knows how to expose, the
 seeming paradox of those ingenious
 men who have held that the balance of
 power was iffiirt* d, and the sceptre of
 the world passe d fU m the colored to the
 white race, some 25 centuries ago,
 at the capture of Babybn by the Per
 sians; and I presume he decides that
 question lightly. r Clinginan inter
 rupted, ami w as understood to say he
 had referred to tlie Egyptians, and re
 lied on the formation cf the Egyptian
 skull.] The gentleman speaks of the
 Egyptians. Undoubtedly he has attend
 ed to the curious hint in Herodotus,
 bearing on that question. The gentle
 man reads Apptan, a writer not com
 monly in the hands of professed scho
 lars. He is a reader cl' Polybius, and
 has weighed his merits and fhcae ofthe
 other great masters in that department
 of composition in such exact critical
 scales as to feel justified in placing him
 at the head of the list'in respect to po
 litical sagacity, (page 6.) He cannot
 have overlooked that singular passage
 in so common an author as Herodotus,
 in which the old chronicler has been
 thought to say, that the ancient Egyp
 tians, ihe remote source perhaps of
 Gjeck civilization, were woolly-headed
 negroes. I will not defend that inter
 pretnti n of his words. But it is no
 invention cf any of ycur high-flying
 Abolitionists of the present day; it has
 been received by grave and plodding
 Eng!Lh and German doctors, who
 read, and pondered, and smoked, and
 annotated, long before such a lusus
 luiturtf as an American Abolitionist was
 ever heard of. The gentleman has
 ascertained the complexion of the great
 captain of antiquity, the Carthagiuian
 Hannibal, aud knows bow far it resem
 bled that of the Lybians and Nubians
 whom he led to twenty years’ triumphs
 over the sharp-hc akeef eagles of Rome.
 He sees how to dispose of the phenom
 enon of the French mulatto, Alexandre
 Du urns, that miracle of pmHfic genius.
 He can show that no stress is to be laid
 on such a case as that of the American
 Frederick Doug lass, now of Rochester,
 Opiiiim uf Jadg- iuhnwii, Augt*»i 7, 1H23, in
 r.ijte ,4 Hear* w. frucii iKliiwilinc
 of *rl
IP
 New York, tea years ago wretched
 slave, picking up scraps of leaves of
 the Bible in the gutters of Baltimore
 to teach himself to read, then working
 three years on the wharves at New
 Bedford, without a day’s schooling, 1
 presume, in his fife, yet now speaking
 and writing the English language with
 s force and eloquence, which, I hesi
 tate not to say, would do no discredit
 to any gentleman oa this floor. But 1
 do not discuss the question whether the
 negro inferiority is to be traced to a
 congenial incapacity, or to the depres
 j sion and low culture of many geaera
 j tions. It iis a great problem. I hare
 r not tune for it. It is too intricate and
 vast. Nor, determined either way,
 would it have any material connection
 1 with the main question I hive in hand,
 or directly bear on any measure now
 [i in the contemplation of this Committee.
 I have been stepping aside a little way
 in tlie gentleman’s track.
 Again: he appealed to the “failure
 of the emancipation of the negroes in
 the West Indies, (page 8.) The gen
 i tleman gets his views of this from the
 English merchants who try the question
 of success or failure by the amount of
 their importations of coffee and sugar
 from the Islands. [Mr. Clingman w as
 j understood to sav that he had his infor
 mation from those who had personally
 visited the islands.] The statements
 of visitors, Mr. Chairman, are con
 i| dieting. I have statements different from
 what have reached the gentleman, on
 which I am disposed to rely. I am very
 anxious to see the recent Parliament
 -1 ary Reports, and have sent for them
 for the purpose of being aided to clear
 up the contradictions. I have before
 me a table show ing the amount of sugar
 exported from the British West Tndia
 Islands in five successive years. It is as
 follows:
 In IMI 125.295 lmg*hea«l*. 12.225 tierres.
 In 1«42 1354*10 154*5
 In 1843 141,100 13.640
 In 1844 138,150 16,395
 In 1845 157,200 20,075
 I 1
 Showing, on the whole, a constant and
 very gratifying increase of the exporta
 tion. But, supposing it were other
 wise, the gentleman, like myself, I be
 lieve, is a friend to the Protective Sys
 tem; and if so, he knows the worth of
 the home market. Mr. Jefferson point
 -1 ed it out long ago, and showed how, on
 account of the saving of the cost of
 transportation, and lor divers other
 good and weighty reasons, it was better
 than the Foreign. And if part of the
 sugar and coffee winch used to be sent
 abroad, is now consumed within the
 islands, which is the case to a large ex
 tent, in consequcnca of the negroes be
 ing now in a condition bo indulge in
 such luxuries, the decrease tn the
 amount exported is little to the purpose.
 And, supposing even that less of these
 commodities were raised, the negroes
 being disposed to turn more of their
 industry to other productions—to rais
 ing yams, bananas, plantains, pineap
 ples, anything—for the market, or for
 their families, what then? The better
 the farmer can suit himself with his
 farming, the more rent will he be wil
 ling to pay; and, with the rise of rents,
 of course comes the increase of the
 i value of land and of the wealth of the
 proprietors. Is it not so? And is that
 failure even in an economical point of
 view?
 H But, Mr. Chairman, I am ashamed
 to argue the question on such a basis.
 The failure of West India emancipation!
 Do the gentleman and I speak the same
 language? Do I understand the gen
 i tleman, and docs he understand himself?
 i Failure when 809,000 human chatties
 were quietly changed in a day to men
 and women, endowed with the posses
 sion and care of their own bodies and
 souls, introduced to the relations of hu
 manity, entitled to cull their children
 their ow n, empowered to have husband
 I and wife, brother and sister, in some
 i intelligent sense 1 This, a failure!
 And mark the decisive practical contra
 diction given, and forever sealed, to all
 that had been said, and nowhere more
 loudly than in these islands, of the dan
 ger of such a proceeding. Four hun
 dred thousand negroes in Jamaica to
 forty thousand whites, the whites would
 have been but a mouthful for their vin
 dictive maw, if vindictive passions had
 had sway. But not one act of violence
 sullied that magnificent triumph of
 Christianity and Right; and, from that
 day to this, a peace and good order
 have prevailed, which would do honor
 to any civilized community. If that is
 a failure, will some one tell me w hat
 wou!d have been triumphant and glori
 ous success? I should be glad to be
 informed. The idea has not yet dawned
 upon me.
 Once more the gentlemen took
 ground against the pretty common
 opinion that, as he expresses it, “the
 continuance of slavery is injurious to
 us as a nation,” (page 0.) He will ex
 cuse me for saying, that rarely has it
 been ray chance to fall in with so pal
 pable a non ttxjitUur as that which lies
 in the chasm between his premises and
 his conclusion. It may be remem
 bered,” he said, that the view derived
 from the decennial census is well calcu
 lated to deceive. More than one han
 dred thousand foreigners annually ar
 rive in the United States, who settle
 dow n almost entirely in the Free States j
 Do they? And why? Because in the
 Free States the occupation of the la
 borer does uot place him in a degraded
 caste, and because in the Free
 there are common schools for him to
 send his children to, in which they can;
 be trained undei the same advantages!
 as the richest, and from which they can 1
 start in an equal competition with the
 sons ol the richest for all the prizes of
 J society. Nor only is this the case with:
 foreigners. Those who emigrate'
 irom the old Northern States aluiott all
 go to Hu nei r Free States, while, on the;
 other hand, a very large proportion of
 the emigration of the old Southern States
 1 goes into the Free States of the North
 west.” Indeed! And what is it that
 sets the prodigious current of etnigra
 -1 tion so determinately in that direction,
 winning even the sons of the Sunny
 South from the homes of their child
 hood and the graves of tjieir tiyhers,
 and all the associations of afadrefl and
 of memory, to seek the hardships of an
 untried condition and a Northern sky?!
 Just the intense desire for that equality
 and those social advantages w hich the
 presence of slavery absolutely excludes.
 Hus, I have observed myself,” the;
gentleman continued, is eminently
 true of the North Carolina emigrants;
 and I may add, too, that, buf for this
 emigrmtion, population would increase
 in that State as fast as it would in ilSf
 country, there being an abundant sup
 ply of the necessaries of life among the
 entire population.’* Ah Mr. Chair
 man, 44 much virtue is in” baft, as well
 as in 44 if.” 44 But for this emigration,”
 North Carolina would rapidly increase.
 Because of this emigrnl ion, it does not
 so increase. And what causes this
 emigration? The gentleman told us
 what does net cause it. It is no want
 of a 44 supply of the necessaries of life,”
 vulgarly,so called. Of them, he said
 truly, they had abundance—plenty to
 eat, drink, and wear. But of what are
 equally 44 necessaries of life” to right
 minded people—equality of social posi
 tion, and opportunities for personal
 improvement and advancement—the
 non-slavcholding North Carolinians
 have not cncugh, and therefore they go
 elsewhere in search of them, keeping
 down the population of the State, as
 well as its wealth and consequence, of
 which, in a well-organized community,
 the industrious classes aro always the
 support and strength. This remark on
 the tendency of emigration to the Free
 States, said the gentleman, was uii
 nenily true of the North Carolina emi
 grants.” 1 should expect it, from the
 well-known sound sense and independ
 ent character of the good old North
 State. The free, tender, and open”
 spirit which George Fox found among
 the planters of Albemarle has not died
 out there, and it is not satisfied with
 inferiority and stagnation. Let them
 get rid of slavery, and they can live at
 home without either.
 And when we have got at the cause
 which keeps down the comparative pop
 ulation, prosperity, and consequence of
 North Carolina, we can answer the
 same question in other applications.—
 \Vc can tell why the growth of beauti
 ful Kentucky keeps no better pace with
 her sister Ohio across the river, not so
 large and scarcely so fertile, yet the
 latter, though starting later, now nearly
 tripling the free population of the form
 er. We can tell why Virginia, in the
 first half century of the Federal Gov
 ernment, increased her population from
 about three quarters of a million to a
 bout a million and a quarter, while New
 York, on a much smaller territory, en
 larged her numbers from about 340,000
 to nearly two millions and a half, and
 her estimated property had become
 nearly three times as great as that of
 the State the most favored by natare
 of any in this Union. We can tell why
 Maryland, most eligibly situated, has
 27 free inhabitants to the square mile,
 and bleak and barren Massachusetts,
 98. We can explain how it came abou t
 that Michigan, in ten years before 1810,
 increased her free population 574 per
 cent., and Arkansas, erected into a
 State about the same time, only 200 per
 cent. Washington saw the difference
 between Pennsylvania and Virginia in
 his day, and his infallible discernment
 described the cause to be in the laws
 for abolishing slavery, laws,” said he,
 for once too hopefully, which there
 i 3 nothing more certain than that Mary
 land and Virginia must have, and that
 at a period not remote.” And his au
 gust wisdom pointed out the proper
 method of relief, as well as the crying
 need. There is only one proper and
 effectual mode,” he wrote to Robert
 Morris, by which it can be accom
 plished, and that is, by legislative au
 thority; and this, as far as my suffrage
 will go, (mark it, George Washington’s
 suffrage for abolition,} shall never be
 wanting.”
 An institution so salutary and benefi
 cial to the body politic, the gentleman
 from North Carolina would have ex
 tended into Territories and States as
 yet untouched by its influences, and he
 offered bis own scheme for that purpose,
 (page 5.) Upon that I will not now
 detain the Committee with any of my
 remarks. I may have an opportunity
 to do so hereafter, when the question
 of extending slavery into new territory
 may come up. But as to two or three
 things which he said about it, I must
 briefly throw in my caveat at the pres
 ent time.
 The gentleman said, The supposi
 tion that the States would exclude from
 ail the Territories of the United States
 an institution which prevailed so gen
 erally among them, seems improbable
 in itself, and those who maintain it may
 well he required to furnish tire evidence.
 There is not sir, in the whole Constitu
 tion any one clause, which, either di
 rectly or indirectly, favors the idea that
 slavery w as to be limited to the States
 where it then existed, or to be excluded
 from any part of the territory of the
 United States.” (page 5.) I think Mr.
 Chairman, that the Constitution, had it
 been faithfully executed, agreeably to
 the sense of the Convention which
 framed, and of the people w ho adopted
 it, contains enough safeguards against
 such a wrong, ami that construed in its
 true meaning and spirit, it could never
 have been used to extend the benefits
 (if they were such) of the original com
 promises— compromises bad enough,
 any way, to the Free States—to new'
 parties, not ewbiaced in the original
 paitnership. The gentleman, it seems,
 thinks otherwise, and, unfortunately,
 he has recent constructions in his favor.
 The past has come and gone. We
 may have opportunity to look at the
 question farther when further usurpa
 tions, as I esteem them, shall he at
 tempted upon the liberties which it was
 expected to secure to the freeman to
 ratify it. Enlightened by the dismal!
 experience we have had, I own I could
 now wish that the Constitution had ut
 tered more positive and explicit prohi
 bitions, though 1 have little belief that
 even they would have at all availed
 against such unscrupulous influences
 as have been in action to nullify it in
 all cases in which slavery was concern
 ed. But that no farther precautions
 were taken, is no matter of surprise.
 The gentleman must read the debates
 of the Convention which framed this in
 strument, and of the State Conventions
 that ratified it, w ith very different eyes
 from urine, if he docs not see that the
 statesmen of that day expected that the
 discontinuance of the Slave Trade, af
 ter twenty years, for which they made
 provision, and the discontinuance of
 slavery itself, would be pretty nearly
 simultaneous events. Such, I think,
 was the general expectation that pro
ii k
 vailed everywhere, except in South
 Carolina and Georgia, which, it must
 be owned, clung to the evil with a te
 nacious fondness. No, sir; the tree of
 the Constitution which ©nr father!
 planted, bore a natural fruit, salutary
 and palatable. A noxious branch war
 grafted upon it, which grew rankly and
 overshadowed and poisoned the rest,
 a mildewed ear, blasting its whole
 some brother.” Prune that off, and
 again in beneficent abundance it wil!
 yield fruit 44 for the healing of the na
 tions.”
 F rtun tl»r Catholic THt-riph.
 If EVER TOO OLD TO LEARN.
 c extract the following from an
 article which appeared some months
 since in the Portland Orion, which
 forcibly illustrates, by a reference to
 well authenticated facts, that man is
 never too old to learn.
 Socrates, at an extreme old age,
 learned to play on musical instruments.
 T his would look ridiculous for sonic o|
 the rich old men in our city; especially
 if they should take into their heads to
 thrum a guitar under a lady’s window;
 which Socrates did not, but only learnt
 to play upon some common instrument
 of his time—not a guitar —for the pur
 pose of resisting the fear of old age.
 Cato, at eighty years of age, thought
 proper to learn the Greek language
 Many of our young men, at thirty anti
 forty, have forgotten even the alphabet
 of a language, the know ledge of whicl
 was necessary to enter college. A fine
 comment upon their love of letters,
 truly!
 Plutarch was between seventy anti
 eighty, when lie commenced the study
 of the Latin.
 Boccaccio was thirty years of age
 when he commenced his studies in
 polite literature; yet he became one ol
 the three great masters of the Tuscan
 dialect, Dante and Petsarch being the
 other two.
 Sir Henry Spelman neglected the
 sciences in his youth, but commenced
 the study of them when he was between
 fifty and sixty years old. After this
 time, he became the most lerned anti
 quarian and lawyer.
 Colbert, the famous French Minister,
 at sixty years of age, returned to his
 Latin and Law studies.
 Dr. Johnson applied himself to the
 Dutch language but a few years before
 his death.
 Franklin did not fully commence his
 philosophical pursuits, tilLhc liad reach
 ed his fiftieth year.
 Dryden, in his sixty-eighth year,
 commenced the translation of his Iliad,
 and his most pleasing productions were
 written in his old age.
 We could go on to cite thousands o
 examples of men who commenced i
 new study, and struck out into an cn
 tirelv new pursuit, either for livelihood
 or amusement, at an advanced age
 i But everyone familiar with the biogra
 phy of distinguished men, will rccollcc
 individual cases enough to cdnvinc*
 him that none but the sick and indolcn
 will ever say, I am too old to learn.
 TOUBSAIXT L’OUVERTritE.
 This remarkable person was born n
 slave in St. Domingo about 1745. Nol
 a drop of any other than African blood
 flowed in his veins. History may safely
 be challenged for an example of higher
 achievements from so low a beginning.
 In all the elements of true greatness,
 his character will bear a comparison
 with that of any hero, ancient or mod
 ern. lie was truly the Washington ol
 Hayti; and if his final success did not
 equal that of our own revolutionary
 leader, it must not be attributed to any
 lack oftaleuts on his part, but to the in
 comparable lascness and perfidy of
 his enemy. It is to that baseness we
 mainly owe our ignorance of the life of
 this extraordinary man. The results of
 hb powerful intellect, undaunted cour
 age, and generous philanthropy, could
 not be hid; but the same tyranny which
 meanly murdered him in a European
 dungeon, blotted out all the best sources
 of information as to the means by which
 he accomplished them. But the facts
 which are derived through this very
 enemy, unsmothered by avalanches of
 abuse, are quite sufficient for our pur
 pose.
 Toussaint was born on the plantation
 Noe, managed by M. Bayou de Liber
 tas. His early years are said to have
 been marked with an extraordinary
 evenness of temper and an enthusiastic
 benevolence towards, and wonderful
 control over, the brute animals, which
 it was his business to tend. Though
 his master’s name ought to have ensur
 ed him full opportunity to cultivate his
 mind, he seems to have been indebted
 to his own unaided and clandestine ef
 forts for his education. A French
 writer reproaches M. Bayou de Liber
 tas for his culpable negligence in not
 being aware tjmt his sluve had learned
 to read, till he Was familiar with the
 writings of the Abbe Kaynal. His
 master, however, lived to see good rea
 sons for not repenting of any kindness
 he had bestowed upon this slave. Tous
 saint did not join the negroes w hen they
 rose in 1791, till he had seen his mas
 ter and family safely embarked for the
 United States, with liberal supplies.
 He then devoted himself to the cause
 of his brethren w ith such zeal, activity,
 and talents, that he ultimately secured
 from them the most cordial and univer
 sal obedience, and a respect little short
 of adoration.
 Complete emancipation was offered
 by the French commissioners to all who
 would take up arms against the British
 invaders in 1793. It was with their
 characteristic energy and perseverance
 that the British attempted to wrert this
 opulent colony from their old rivals,
 acd re-establish the peace of that des
 potism which they considered essential
 to the safety of their own West Indian
 possessions. And it was to the energy
 and superior military skill of Toussaint
 that his country men owed the preserva
 tion of their newly acquired liberty.—
 The British were not compelled to re
 tire till he was made General-in-Chief
 and Governor of the colony. After the
 expulsion of the foreign foe, Toussaint
 applied himself to the arts of peace not
 leas successfully than he had d me to
 those of war. We are assured by the
 .roost respectable French authorities,
 who were themselves planters and eye
witnesses, that the colony under hi*
 government 44 marched as if by en
 chantment towards its ancient splen
 dor.” 44 The colony,”says Malenfnnt,
 44 flourished under Toussaint. The
 whites lived happtjy and in peace upon
 their estates, and the ncgroc* continu' d
 to work for them.” No one, who ha-;
 not weighed the difficulties that lay be
 fore him, can duly appreciate the fmnor
 which these facts throw upon the char
 acter of Toussaint. The field of his op
 erations was a country desolated by
 seven years of fierce and complicated
 civil war, in w hich all the bad passions
 'of human nature had burst into th«*
 w'ildcst madness that oppression could
 possibly drive to, and had been urged
 l on in the work of destruction by the
 most powerful foreign influence.—
 Worse materials for the establishment
 of peace, industry, and g«»od govern
 ment could not well be imagined. Ycf,
 Toussaint not only surcr« d&lt; &lt;1 in gov
 erning the country, but he succeeded in
 attaching to himself ail the parties ami
 castes into which its distracted inhabi
 tants were divided. It was this very
 success which doubtless stirred up
 against him the wrath of Napoleon,
 leading to the suspicion, which was con
 trary to tact, that it was his design to
 make the country indepemh nt of
 France.
 The disgraceful expedition under I.e
 Clerc is said to have been urged upon
 Bonaparte by the whites who were dis
 satisfied with the loss of their-laves: but
 these whites it would seem, were chiet
 ly those who had tied to France. Those,
 who remained on the island till Tous
 saint rose to the government u ore most
 ly satisfied with the system ot 'free labor,
 which under his administration wis
 more profitable than the old slavery.
 On this point we have the best testimo
 ny that could be wished. The histori
 an who w as employed to luil Ow- French
 people, salve the wounded fame ami
 pride of Bonaparte for the defeat of Le
 Clerc andßochatnbcau, and drown the
 cries of the widow s and orphans of GO,-
 000 Frenchmen, assigns the disaffection
 of the whites in the colony itself, as one
 great reason of the failure. He says;
 it would seem to have been the natural
 course to organize into a national guard
 the inhabitants who were found in the
 towns on the arrival of the army; but
 there was not a man in win m anv con
 fidence could be placed. The majority
 of the inhabitants of the ton ns lea d the
 government of Toussaint, because he hud
 gorged than xcith riches Again, in
 excusing Rochainbcau for the same
 failure to avail himself of the aid of the
 colonial whites, he says, “It may be
 said for him, that he could not, any
 more than Captain-General LeClcre,
 put confidence in the w hites, the ma
 jority of the inhabitants of the towns
 mourning, I repeat it, for the regime of
 I Toussaint, which hud cmichul tin in.”
 Toussaint is represented by those
 who knew him well and bad no motive
 to over-rate his powers or his virtues,
 as a man of deep sagacity and untiring
 activity, veracious to a proverb; hu
 mane and affectionate; extremely tem
 perate; and remarkably exalted above
 the vanity which prejudice affirms to
 be characteristic of his race. Jle slept
 little, ate sparingly, drank nothing but
 water, and habitually tired five secre
 taries in the transaction of Ins official
 business. In war he conquered by the
 foresight ot his combinations and the
 celerity ot hi. 4 movements. In pence
 he repressed opposition by listening to
 complaints, and making it the interest
 of all parties to uphold the law. The
 same author, to w hom we have already
 referred, in- describing the system of
 Toussaint in regard to the former
 slaves, who were required by law to
 work, says “they had a fourth part of
 the produce, tehich teas too mm/i.” So
 it seems he not only enriched the citi
 zens of the towns, but the loborers.
 Such was the man whom Bcnaparbr
 resolved to crush. But mark, how lie
 trusted to lying and treachery rather
 tlwin to the valor ot his bravest v eterans.
 LeC lerc invaded St. Domingo with
 double the number of men Toussaint
 had then at command.* Yet he gained
 nothing in the field. At last by deceit
 ful proclamations and French gold he
 allayed apprehension and cut the nerves
 of resistance, till Toussaint, too honest
 to fathom the deceit of his foe, retired
 from public life to his plantation, upon
 the pledged faith of France that his
 peace should not be disturbed. His
 sword was no sooner sheathed than he
 found himself a prisoner on the way to
 France. If the treatment of Napoleon
 at St. Helena showed how Europe fear
 ed liis power, what are we to say oftho
 confinement and starvation ot Toussaint
 in the castle ofjoux?
 I)*: I-attr~ liiinwH" flH»* Traoaint had
 never more titan sixteen Umjumuml u.tu.
 Go id ax Thoughts. I never yet
 found pride in a noble nature, nor hu
 mility in an unworthy mind. Of all
 trees, I observe that God harh chosen
 the vine—a low plant that creeps upon
 the helpful wall; of ail beasts the soft
 and patient lamb; of all fowls the mild
 and guileless dove. W hen God ap
 peared to Moses, it was not in tfcu*
 lofty cedar, nor the spreading puiui;
 but a bush, an humble, slender, abject
 bush. As if he would, by these selec
 tions, check the conceited arrogance
 of mau. Nothing produceth love lik«
 humility; uothieg hate like pride.—
 Fe Ilham.
 Fun SmiMK in Coxvcr tictt The
 follow ing is the official vote ol the freemen ot
 Connecticut cm the tjuttiou of no amending
 the Constitution, as to extend the right ui
 suffrage to colored citizens
 Co’s. Yes. No
 Hartford, 1,343 3.^;
 New Haven, 1,045 3t)VI
 New* London, 434 o
 Fairfield, 30*2
 VVmdliain; Gfio Jj'g
 Litchfield,
 Middlesex, flvi I'nj
 Tolland, LW
 5,553 I'i.T'rti
 Majority against the amcodm* nt, 3,703.
 to record *0 foul a disgrace a*
 our n«uve State. Fretty hard cbmUans rauat
 they be who would deprive a man of a voice
 in the government on account of the color of
 b*» Ain. Good Heavens 1 what is to become
 of a Stats, which, with all the* schooling ai d
 preaching of Connecticut, hu 1U.7U5 voters
 who vote w ithout either magnanimity or rea
 son, and to direct violation of the principle 011
 which our form of govcruuieat is founded f
 O tyto/ype.
