P 0 C t V IJ.
 DEMOCRACY.
 BT JOHN G. WHITTIER.
 AH things whatsoever ye woold that two should
 lo unto vou. do ve even so untothem MaTT.vti 12
 Oh’ fail-*'** bom of Lore and Light,
 Yet hi lilting bim Md ey* *evem
 On all which p«in*the holy fight,
 Or wounds the perfm oar’
 Beaut did yet thy temples rise.
 Though then' profaning gift* are throw k.
 And fitc* enkindled to the skies,
 Are glaring on thy altar Mow.
 Still sarred—though thy name l«e breathed
 By tho«e who«e hearts thy tnitlt deride:
 And garland* plucked from thee are wreathed
 Around the haughty brow of Pride.
 Oh’ idol of toy boyhood’* time.
 The taith in which my father Mood,
 E’en when the sun* of Lttit and crime
 Had stained tin peaceful court* writh Wood.
 Still to those court* my footstep* turn,
 For through the mints that darken there,
 1 see tl» flames of Freedom burn.
 The Kehla of the patriot's prayer.
 The generous feeling, pure and watm,
 Which owns tltc right of all divine,
 The pitying heart- the helping arm—
 The prompt self-sacrifice are thin*
 Beneath thy broad, impartial eye,
 How fade the lines of taste and birth!
 How ecjttal in their sufferings lie
 The groaning multitudes of earth'
 Still to a stricken bmUier true.
 Whatever clime hath nuituted him,
 As Mooped to heal the wounded Jew
 The worshipper of Gemini.
 Bv misery tiniepeUed, uoawcd
 Bv pomp or power, thou seest a MAN
 In prince or peasant —slave or lord
 P.ile priest ot -warthy artisan.
 Through all disguise, form, place, ot name.
 Bun ath the flaunting robes of sin.
 Through poverty and squalid shame.
 |v,u lookest on the man within;
 On inn, as man, retaining yet,
 Howe’er debused, and soiled, and dun.
 The crown upon his forehead set
 The immortal gift of God to him.
 And there i- reverence in thy look.
 Foi that frail form which mortals wear
 The -piiit ol th. IPdiest took,
 And veiled his perfect In ighturs* there
 Not from the poor and shallow fount
 Of vain philosophy thou art;
 He who of old on Syria’ mount
 Thrilled, warmed by turn, the listener’s hear

 |n holy words which cannot die.
 In thoughts which angels yearned to know,
 Proclaimed thy message from on high,
 Tl&lt;y mi"ion to a woild of woe.
 That voice’s echo hath not died!
 Prom the blue e-u of Gali'ee,
 A id Tailor’s lonely mountain side,
 It calls a struggling world to thee.
 Tliy name and watchwi rd o’er this land
 1 hear in every breeze that stirs;
 And round a thousand altars stand
 Thy banded party worshippers.
 Not to these altars of a day,
 At party's call my gift I bring
 But on my olden shrine I lay
 A freeman’s dearest offering!
 The voiceless utterance of his will—
 Ihs pledge to Freedom and to 'I ruth,
 1 iiat manhood’s heart remembers still
 The homage of its generous youth.
 CONSTANCY
 BY GEORGE HERBERT.
 Who is the honest tnan!
 He that doth still and strongly good pursue
 To God, bis neighbor, and himself most true;
 Wnorn neither force nor fawning can
 Unpin, or wrench front giving all their due
 Whose honesty is not
 So loose or easy that a rutlinz w ind
 Can blow away, or glittering look it blind;
 Who ride* his sure and even trot,
 While the world now ride? by, now las? behind;
 Who, when great trials c me,
 Nor seek?, nor slums them, but doth calmly stay
 Till he the thing and the example weigh;
 All being brought into a sum,
 W hat place or person calls for he doth pay
 Whom none can work or woo
 fo use in anything a trick or sleight.
 For, above all iliings, he abhors deceit,
 Hi* words, and woiks, and fashion too,
 All ol a piece, and all are clear and straight:
 Who never melts or thaws
 „\	 close temptations; w hen ihe day is done.
 His goodness sets not, but in dark can run;
 I’lie sun to others writeth laws.
 And is their virtue; virtue is his sun
 Who, when he is to treat
 With sick folks, fickle, t oat- whom passion; nva;
 Allows f r that, and keeps his constant way
 Whom others’ faults do not defeat.
 But though men fail him, yet Ins part doth play
 Whom nothing run procure,
 When the tvi ie wi rid runs bias, Irom his w ,11
 To wnthe his limbs, and share, not mend the ill.
 I hi* i* ,he marksman firm and sure,
 W ho Mill i* lielit, and pray? to be «o still.
 CAST IN THY MIT I
 lie v\ho nive* little tiom lis 'lore.
 ll little be his means,
 1 reads on far the heavenward shore?,
 As lu» w!io gives ten times the more,
 It ten timer more his gam*.
 He may lie useful hcie who would,
 Arid walk w ithin a hoik: of light;
 There n a treasury of &lt;l—
 in thy might!
 Thou may st not have one piece of gold
 To bless the poor man’s pdm;
 But angel* will with j y behold,
 If t 1 ou hast word- which cau be told,
 His troubled beau to calm
 For kind words are a* honied streams,
 And lie tire walker «.f the sod,
 Who give* them to his brother, seems
 A messenger fiom God’
 There are abuse* desp and loud.
 Hoarse voices shrieking Bir-id'
 And there are tf-ble spirits bowed.
 And forms that flit among the crowd.
 Like phantom* from the dead.
 Crush hut one atom of abuse,
 Stay bnt particle of
 Aud God will sanctify the use
 Of all thy power* therein
 And if thy brctlier weaker be,
 If folly mark his path;
 ,And if Uui thou be folly free—
 If knowledge cfingtih unto the*.
 Give not contempt nor wrath.
 Bui from the garner of tby worth,
 Aud liom thy store of truth and fight,
 To serve thy Uother’s want* on earth.
 Cast ut ifiy im«.
Selections.
 From Chamber*’i Edinburgh Jourml
 OF A BAR
 RISTER
 A TALE OE CIRCUMSTANTIAL EVIDENCE.
 Something more than half a centurj
 ago, a person, in going along Holborn
 might have seen, near the corner of one
 ot the thoroughfares which diverge to
 wards Russel Square, the respectable
 looking shop of a g.over and harher
 dasher named James Haney, a mai
 generally esteemed by his neighbors
 and who was usually considered wel
 to do in the world. Like many Lond
 on tradesmen, Harvey was
 from the country. He had come up t&lt;
 town when a poor lad to push his lor
 tune, and by dint of steadiness and civ
 ility, and a small property left bun by i
 distant relation, he had been able t&lt;
 get into business on his own account
 and to attain that most important ele
 irient of success in London —‘a connec
 tion. 5 Shoitly after setting up in th&lt;
 world, he married a young woman Iron
 his native town, to whom he had beei
 engaged ever since his sch 'ol-days
 and at the time our nairatine c-*m
 mences he was the father ol three child
 re n.
 James Harvey’s establishment wa
 one of the best fre quented ot its clas
 ihi the street. \uu could never
 without seeing customers going in
 j out. There was evidently not a littl«
 business going forward. But although
 to all appearance, a flourishing con
 cern, the proprietor of the establish
 ment was surprised to find that he wa:
 continually pinched in his circuinstan
 ces. No matter what was the atnoun
 of business transacted over the counter
 he never got any richer.
 At the period referred to, shopkeep
 ing had not attained th it degiee of or
 ganizatioii, with respect to counter
 men a..d cashiers, which now distin
 r U i hes the gi *at houses of trade. Tin
 primitive till was not yet superseded
 l bis was the weak point in Harvey’
 arrangements; and not to make a need
 less number of words about it. the poo
 man was regularly robbed by a shop
 man, whose dexterity in pitching s
 guinea into the drawer, so as to mak&lt;
 Ift jump, unseen, with a jerk into hi
 hand, was worthy of Herr Dobler, o
 any other fhaster of the sublime art o
 jugglery.
 Good natured and unsuspicious, per
 haps also not sufficiently vigilant, Har
 vey was long in discovei ing how he wa
 pillaged. Cartwright, the name of tin
 person who was preying on his employ
 er, was not a young man. He was be
 I ween forty and fifty years of age, ant
 had been in various situations, when
 be had always given satisfaction, ex
 cept on the score of being somewha
 gay and somewhat irritable. Private
 I/, he was a man of loose habits, ant
 for years Ins extravagances had beet
 paid for by pi clandestinely ab
 stracted from his too confiding master
 Slow to believe in the reality ol sucl
 wickedness, Mr Harvey could with dif
 ficulty entertain the suspicions whicl
 j began to draw on his mind. At lengtl
 all doubt was at an end. He detectet
 Cartwright in the very act of carrying
 off goods to a considerable amount
 The man was tried at the Old Bade;
 for the offence; a 'echnica
 informality in the .a. was uc
 quitted.
 Unable to find employment, and witl
 a character gone, the liberated thiel be
 came savage, revengeful, and desper
 ate. Instead of imputing his fall to hi
 own irregularities, he considered hii
 late unfortunate employer as the causi
 of his ruin; and now he bent all th&lt;
 energies of his dark nature to destroj
 ,the reputation ol the man whom he ha&lt;
 j betrayed and plundered. Oi all tin
 beings self-delivered to the rule ofun
 1 scrupulous malignity, with whom it ha:
 been my fate to come professionally ir
 contact, I never knew one so utterlj
 fiendish as this dUcomfitted pil.erer
 Frenzieu with his imaginary wrongs, in
 1 formed the determination to labor, evei
 if it w ere tor years, to ruin his victim
 I Nothing shoit of death shou.d diver
 liiin from this the darling object ol hi:
 existence.
 Animated by these diabolical pas
 i sions, Cartwright proceeded to lii:
 work. Harvey, he had too good reu
 sons to know, was in debt to persons
 who had made him advance*; and bt
 i means of artfully-concocted anonymous
 letters, -evidently wiitten by some ont
 I conversant with the matters on wind
 be wrote, be succeeded in alarming thi
 j haberdasher’s creditors. Ibe conse
 quences were —demands of immcdiatt
 j payinc id in spito of tno* dentor s
 &lt;\pi.! .is and promises, writs,
 neuv» i w expenses, ruinous sacrifices,
 i d ultimate bankruptcy It may seem
 almost too marvellous lor bejiet, but
 the story of this terrible revenge and
 i its consequences is no fiction, t very
 incident in my narrative is true, and
 ihe whole may he found in hard out
 line in the records of the courts with
 which a few years ago I was famil
 iar.
 The humiliated and distressed feel
 ings of Harvey and his family may he
 lelt to the imagination. When he
 found himself a ruined man, I dare say
 hi* mental sufferings were sufficiently
 acute. Yet he did not sit down in des
 pair. To re-estaldish himself in busi
 ness in England appeared hopeless;
 i out America presented itself as a scene
 where industry might find a reward;
 and by the kindness of some friends, he
 was enabled to make preparations to
 emigrate with his wife and children.—
 Tow ards the end of February he qu.t ed
 London for one of the great seaports,
 where he was to embark for Boston.
 On arriving there w ith his family, Mr.
 Harvey look up his abode at a princi
 pal hotel. This, in a man of straight
 ened means, was doubtless imprudent;
 but he afterwards attempted to explain
 the circumstances by saying, that a*
 the ship in which he had engaged his
 passage was to sail on the day after his
 .irrival he had preferred incurring a
 slight additional expense rather than
 tnat his wife—who was now with fail
 ing spirits, nursing an infant—-should
 oe exposed to coarse associations and
 personal discomfort. In the expecta
 tion, however, of being only one night
 in the hotel, Harvey was unfortunately
 disappointed —Shipmasters, especially
those commanding emigrant vessels,
 were then, as now, habitual promise
 breakers; and although each succeed
 ing sun was to light them on their way,
 it was fully a fortnight before the ship
 stood out to sea. By that time a second
 and more dire reverse had occurred in
 the fortunes of the luckless Harvey.
 Cartwright, whose appetite for ven
 geance was but whetted by his first
 success, had never lost sight o! the
 movements of his victim and now be
 had followed him to the place ot his
 embarkation, with an eager but unde
 fined purpose of working him some fur
 ther and more deadly mischief. Steal
 thilv he hovered about the house which
 sheltered the unconscious object ot his
 malicious hate, plotting, as he after
 wards confessed, the wildest schemes
 for satiating his revenge. Several times
 be made excuses for calling at the ho
 tel, in the hope of observing the nature
 of the premises, taking care, how ever,
 to avoid being seen by Mr. Harvey or
 his family. A fortnight passed away,
 and the day of departure for the emi
 grants arrived without the slightest oj&gt;-
 portunity occurring for the giatification
 o| Ins purposes. The ship was leaving
 her In rth; must ofihe passengers were
 ~f b&gt;aid; Mrs. Harvey and the child
 ren, with neaily the whole ot the lug
 gage, were already safely in the ves-
 Mr. Harvey only remained on
 shore to purchase s me trifling articles,
 and to settle Ins bill at the hotel on re
 moving Ins hist hunk. Cartwright had
 tracked him all day; he could not at
 tack him hi the street; and he finally
 followed him to the hotel, in order to
 wreak his vengeance on him in his
 private appartment, ot the situation ot
 which lie had informed himself.
 Harvey entered the hotel first, and
 before Cartwright came up, he had gone
 down a passage into the bar to settle
 the bili he had incurred tor the last two
 days. Not aware ot this circumstance,
 'Cartwright in the bustle which prevail
 ed, went up stairs to Mr. Harvey’s bed
 room and pai lor, in neither ot which,
 to his surprise, did he he rind the occu
 pant. and he turned away discomfited.
 Passing along towards too cuiet stair
 case, lie perceived a ro&lt; in ot which the
 door was open, and that on ttie tauu
 there lay’ a gold watch and appendag* s.
 Nobody was in the apaitmeut; the
 igentleman who occupied it had only a
 i tew moments before gone to his bed
 chamber for n brief space. Quick as
 lightning a diabolical thought Hashed
 through the.brain of the villain, who
 had been baffled in his original inten
 tions. He recollected that he had seen
 a tiunk in Harvey’s room, and that
 the keys hung in tlie lock. An iiicon-
 Iceivahly short space of time served l&lt;u
 'him to seize the watch, to deposit it at
 the bottom of Harvey’s trunk, and to
 quit the hotel by a back stair, which led
 by a short cut to the harbour.—The
 vvhoie transaction was done unperceiv
 ed, and the wretch at last departed uu
 noticed.
 Having finished his business at the
 bar, Mr. Harvey repaired to his room,
 locked his trunk, which being of a
 handy size, lie mounted on his should
 er, and proceeded to leave the house by
 the back stairs, in order to get as
 quickly as possible to the vessel. Lit
 tte recked he of the interruption which
 was to he presented to his departure.
 He had got as far as the foot of the
 stair with his burden, when he was
 overtaken by a waiter, who declared
 that he was going to leave the house
 clandestinely without settling accounts.
 It is proper to mention that Mr. Har
 vey had incurred the enmity of this
 particular waiter in consequence ot
 having, out of his slender resources,
 given him too small a gratuity on the
 ;occa»iauof paying a former bill, and
 not aw are of the second bill being set
 tled, the waiter was rather glad to have
 an opportunity of charging him with a
 fraudulent design. In vain Mr. Har
 vey remonstrated, saying he had paid
 for everything. The waiter would not
 believe his statement, ana detained him
 I-‘till he should hear better about it.”
 “Let me go leiiow; l insist upon it,
 said Mr Haivey, burning with indigna
 tion, “I am already to late.
 “Not a step, till I ask master if ac
 counts are squared.”
 At this moment, while the altercation
 was at the hottest, a terrible ringing ol
 bells w as heard, and above stairs was a
 loud noise of voices and of feet running
 to and fro. A chambermaid came hur
 riedly down the stair, exclaiming that
 some one had stolen a gold watch from
 No. 17, and that nobody ought to leave
 tlie house till it was found The land
 lord also, moved by the huiricane
 w hich hud been raised, made his appear
 ance at the spot where Harvey was in
 terrupted in his exit.
 “What on earth is ail this noi.-c ü
 bout. John?” inquired the landluid ot
 the waiter.
 “Why, sir, 1 thought it rat hi r
 strange for any gentleman to leave the
 house ivy the back way, carrying ln 3
 own portmanteau, and so 1 was making
 a little breeze about it, fearing he had
 not paid his bill, when all of a sudden
 Sally rushes down the stairs and sav
 as how No. 17 lias missed his g-&gt;lu
 watch, add that no one should quit tin
 hotel.”
 No. 17, an old, dry-looking military
 gentleman in a particularly high passion
 I now showed himself on the scene, utter
 ing terrible threats of legal proceedings
 against the house for the loss he had
 sustained.
 Harvey was stupified and indignant
 yet he could hardly help smiling at the
 bother. “What,” said he, “have 1 t&lt;&gt;
 do with all this? 1 have paid for every
 thing; 1 am surely entitled to go away
 if I like. Remember, that if I lose iny
 passage to Boston, you shall answer for
 it.’
 “1 very much regret detaining you,
 sir,” replied the keeper of the hotel;
 “but you hear there has been a rob
 bery committed witibin the last few
 minutes, and as it will be proper t)
 search every one in the house, surely
 you, who are on the point of departure,
 will have no objections to be searched
 first, and then be at liberty to go?
 There was something so perfectly
 reasonable in ail this, that Harvey step
 ped into an adjoining parlour, and
 threw oj&gt;en his trunk for inspection,
 never doubting that his innocence
 I would be immediately manifest.
 The waiter, whose mean rapacity
 been the cause of the detention,
•cUd a* examiner He pulled one
 article after another out ot Ihe trunk,
 an dtt length—horror of horrors!— held
 up th* missing watch with ft look ol
 triumph and acorn.
 ‘Who put that there?” c;xea Har
 vey in an agony o! mind which can
 be better imagined than described.
 “Who has done me this grievous
 wrong? I know nothing as to how the
 watch came into my trunk.
 No one answered this appeal. All
 present stood lor a moment in gloomy
 silence.
 “Sir,” said the landlord to Harvey
 on recovering from his surprise, 'I am
 sorry for you. For the sake of a mis
 erable tnile, you have brought ruin and
 disgrace on yourself. This is a matter
 w hich concerns the honor ot my house,
 and cannot stop here. However much
 it is against my feelings, you must go
 before a magistrate.” j
 “By all means,” added No. IT, with
 the importance of an injured man. “A
 pretty thing that one s watch is not sale
 in a house like this!
 “John send Boots for a constable,”
 said the landlord.
 Harvey sat with his head leaning on
 his hand.—A deadly cold perspiration
 trickled down his brow. His heart
 swelled and beat as if it would buist.—
 What should he do? His whole pros
 pects were in an instant blighted. “Qli
 God! do not desert a frail and unhappy
 being: give me strength to face this
 new and terrible misiortune,” was a
 prayer he internally uttered. A little
 revived, he started to his feet, and ad
 dressing himself to the landlord, he
 said, l ake me to a magistrate instant
 ly, and let us have this diabolical plot
 unravelled. I court inquiry into my
 character and conduct.”
 “It is no use saying any more about
 it,” answered the landlord; “here is
 Boots with a constable, and let us all
 go away together to the nearest magis
 trate. Boots, carry that trunk. John
 and Sally you can follow’ us.”
 And so the party, trunk and nil, un
 der the constable as conducter, ad
 j &gt;urnfd to the house of a magistrate in
 a i adjacent street. There the matter
 -eeiued so clear a case of felony—rob
 bery in a dwelling-house—that Harvey,
 aii protestations to the contrary, was
 tully committed for trial at the ensuing
 March assizes, then but a few days dis
 tant.
 At the period at which these inci
 dents occurred, I was a young man go
 ing on my first circuits. 1 had not as
 yet been honored with perhaps more
 than thiee or four briefs, and these on
 ly in cases so slightly productive of fees,
 teat l was compelled to study economy
 in my excursions. Instead of taking
 w my residence at the inn when visit
 ing a considerable seaport where
 t..i* court held its silting*, 1 dwelt iu
 1 dgmg- kept by a widow lady, where,
 .ii ,i small expense, 1 could enjoy per
 fect quieten ss, free from interruption.
 On the evening after my arrival on
 the March cir cuit of the year 17—, 1
 was silting in my lodging perusing a
 new work on criminal jurisprudence,
 when the lanJlady, after tapping at the
 door, entered my room.
 “I am 9orry to trouble you, sir,”
 said she; but a lady has called to see
 you about a very distressing law case—
 very distressing indeed, and a very
 strange case it is too. Only, if you
 could be so good as to see her?”
 “V\ho is she?”
 “All I know about it i 3 this she is
 a Mrs. Harvey. She and her husband;
 and children were to sail yesterday for
 Boston. All were aboard except the hus
 band; and he, on leaving the large ho
 tel over the way was taken up for a rob
 ber. Word was in the evening sent by
 the prisoner to his wife to come on
 shore with all her children and the lug
 gage; and so she came back in the pi
 lot boat, and was in such a state ol
 distress, that my brother who is on the
 preventive, and saw her land, took pity
 on her, and had her and her children
 and things taken to a lodging on the
 quay. As my brother knows we have
 a Loudon lawyer staying here, he has
 advised ihe poor woman to come and
 consult you about the case.”
 “Well, I’ll see what can be done,
 Please desire the lady to step in.”
 A lady was shortly shown in. She
 had been pretty, and was so still, but
 anxiety wa9 pictured in her pale
 countenance. Her dress was plain,
 but not inelegant; and altogether she
 had a neat and engaging appear
 ance.
 “Be so good as to sit down,” said 1
 bowing; “and tell me all you would like
 to stay.”
 The poor woman burst into tears;
 but afterwards recovering herself, she
 told me pretty nearly the whole of her
 history and that of her husband.
 Lawyers have occasion to see so
 much duplicity, that I did not aJJ at
 once give my asseut to the idea of Har
 ey being innocent of the crime of which
 he stood charged.
 “Tnere is something perfectly inex
 plicable in the case,” I observed, “and
 it would require sifting —Your husband
 i hope has always borne a good char
 acter
 “Perfectly so. He was no doubt un
 fortunate in business; but he got his
 certificate on the first examination; and
 there are many who would testify to his
 upnghine.-s.” And here again my
 client broke into tears, as if over
 whelmed with her recollections and
 pro*.fleets.
 “I k 1 recollect Mr. Harvey V
 sh-cj s* dI, soothingly. “It seem*»
 a very respectable concern: and w»
 mu*: we what can be done. Keep uj
 v at spirits; ihe only fear I have aunt
 tri m the fait of Judge A -—being or
 the n i,ch. He is usually considered
 *tv&lt; re, and if exculpatory evidence
 fail, your husband will run the risk ot
 being transported.” A word of more
 terrific import, with which I was about
 to conclude, stuck unuttered in my
 throat. “Have you employed an at
 torney?” I added.
 “No; I have done nothing as yet,
 but apply to you, to beg of you to be
 my husband's counsel.”
 “Well, that must be looked to. I
 shall speak to a local agent, to pre
 pare and work out the case; and we
 shall all do our utmost to get an ac
 quittal. To morrow 1 will call on your
 husband in prison.”
 Many thanks were offered by the un
 fort uoftte lady and ebe withdrew
 (To U continued.)
iAiuicrtisnncnto.
Important to Farmers*
 IDE’S Patent Wheel CttHifamr w! Wire C.n.**
 Plow. Tht Fannin* PuNic are herein inferno'
 that Letter* Patent hare lent taken ««t In the Sub
 scriber for hie recent great improvement* tn the
 •trertion and manufacture of Ft fin ft' LTiv T s
 an improvement so great a* toeotireh rerohttiouixe
 the whole system of fanning. In reducing the expend
 of half or inure. Wherever they tare tveu intro
 duced, they have wet the decided ipprobatmn ol
 armers. as the following certificates from tl«e inteb
 igeni and practical firmer* who*** name* a»J
 uached. abundantly #how
 CERTIFICATES.
 This may certify that we, the Sutwrribrr*. hare
 *ccu and used the I’m teat Wheel Cultivator, invented
 bv Natha* lt&gt;t, of She U»y, Or lean* Co.. Mew
 Vork, and believe it to lie, a* a labor-saving ma
 chine. ore- of fire greate*t improvement* of the age.
 By it. a farmer can put in from ten to fifteen acre*
 more of wheat in a year, with the nme amount ot
 team iaiior; lie ran also to* it in much better order.
 By it also Canada thirties and othrr noxious weeds
 may l&lt;e totally extirpated. Said machine j,*» so con
 structed ttai a can lie regulated to go any depth. by
 means of screw* on the tipper part of tlie machine,
 and tlm* either plow up the ground thoroughly, or
 only jnst brush the surface. Cpon tile whole, we
 think it decidedlv the best machine ever invented for
 pidveruing the ground ami facilitating the labor of
 tlie Farmer, and as such we cheerfully recommend if
 to our brother farmer.-.
 James H. Medley, James ide
 Enos Newman, John Stevens,
 John C. Wheeler, II nr ten Hedley,
 Gardner Berrv, James P. Anderson,
 Sbelby, Co.. April 23, 1848.
 We, the undersigned, purchased one of Nathan
 Ide’s Patent Cultivators last Fall, and found it
 answer tlie purpose so well, that we have this Spring
 made purchase of another. We can with this Plow
 prepare with two horse.-, eight acres of land per da\
 for wheat, and it is nuirh better done than bv (hi
 old plows; and the land pepared bv this Cullivatoi
 will yield 5 bush, per acre more.
 ELI CHURCH.
 Riga, June, 1848. DENNIS CHURCH.
 \fter these testimonials, the Subscriber deems it
 unnecessary to enter into a long and elaborate des
 cription of the implement, with its various inodes of
 operation. To he fully appreciated, it must be seen
 and used. No farmer who fully understands his
 interest w ill he without one, as it is an invaluable
 implement,
 NATHAN IDE, Patentee.
 Shelby, Otieans Co., N. Y., July 1848.
 IDE’S Patent Cultivator is manufactured bv
 I LEVI WELLS, Buffalo Street, near the Bull’s
 Head, Rochester, N. Y., where fanner* are invited
 I come and examine for themselves.
 ROCHESTER SHOE AND LEATHER
 JOBBING HOUSE.
 THE subscribers at No. 22 State street, take plea
 sure in announcing to the public that they have
 i completed arrangements by which they are enabled
 to offer tlie most satisfactory inducements to all en
 gaged in the sale or manufacture of Boot* and Shoes,
 to come to this market for a supply.
 They are also offering on the most favorable terms,
 a large stock of Sole and Upper Leather, Kip, Calf,
 and Morocco Skins, w’ith a lull assortment of Find
 mg, including Lasts, Pegs, &amp;c. Dealers will find it
 greatly to their inteiest to examine our stock before
 purchasing elsewhere.
 jy 10 SAGE PANCOST.
PRINTING PAPER AGENCY.
 YV E are Agents for the Bn‘ r alo Paper Mills,
 V where Paper of the best quality is made from
 pure spring water, very white and smooth. A sup
 ply of News and Book Paper kept constantly tor
 s.ue by us, at Mill prices, in large or small lots.
 Any size and quality of Paper not on hand, fur
 nished at short notice.
 Printers and others will do well to call and exam
 ine the quality and price, at No, 6 Exchange st.
 FISHER Co,
 jv2l Booksellers and Publishers.
TRUNKS! TRUNKS!
 THE first quality of article is to be had at LAING
 BONNELL’S new Establishment, No 59, 1
 State Street, Rochester Also a general assort
 ment of Valises, Travelling Bags, &amp;c, which are'
 offered at the very lowest prices lor Cash
 Carriage Trimming executed in the latest style
 and with dirpatch, by J. T. Laing, at his old stand j
 in State Street, opposite the Mansion House, j
 I r L having had extensive experience in the
 Eastern markets, hopes to give satisfaction to a J
 generous public who shall favor him with their pa
 tronage
 Rochester, July 14, 1848 3m
 British Periodical Literature.
 The London Quarterly Review, the Edinburgh Review,\
 The A orth British Review, the W estminster Review,
 and Blackwood's Edinburgh .Magazine.
 THE wide— pread fame of these splendid periodi
 cals renders it needless to say much in their praise.
 As literary organs, they stand far in advance of
 anyt. ing of die sort now published, while the polit
 ical complexion of each is marked by a dignity,
 candor, and forbearance, not often found in works
 of a party character.
 They embrace the views of the three great parties
 in England—Tory, Whig, and Radical. Black
 wood and. the London Quarterly are Tory; the
 Edinburgh Review Whig; and the Westmin
 ster Review Radical. The North British Re
 view is more of a r eligious character, having been
 originally edited by Dr. Chalmers, and now, since
 his death, l&gt;eing conducted Dy his son-in-law, Dr.
 Hanna, associated with Sir David Brewster. Its
 literary character is of the very highest order. The
 Westminster, though reprinted un er that title only,
 is publiseed in England under the title of The For
 eign Quarterly and Westminster—it being in fact a
 union of the two Reviews formerly repuhlislied and
 reprinted under separate titles. It has, therefore,
 the advantage by this combination of uniting in one
 work the best features of both as heretofore issued.
 The above Periodicals are reprinted in New York,
 immediately on their arrival by the British steamers,
 in a beautiful clear type, on fine white paper, and
 are faithful copies of the originals, Blackwood’s
 .Magazine, being an exact facsimile of the Edinburgh
 I edition.
 j RICES FOR 1849, (if subscribed for early.)
 For any one of the four Reviews, £3 00 per annum,
 i For any two do 5 00
 For any three do 7 00
 For all"four of the Reviews, 8 00
 For Blackwood’s Magazine, 3 00
 For Blackwood and the 3 Reviews, 9 00
 For Blackwood the 4 Reviews, 10 00
 Payments lobe made in all cases in advane.e
 CLUBBING.
 Four copies of any or all the above works will b
 sent to one address on payment of the regular sub
 script ion for three—the fourth copy being gratis.
 EARLY COPIES.
 A late arrangement w ith the British publishers of
 Blackwood’s Magazine secures to us early sheets of
 that work, by which we shall be able to place the
 entire number in the hands of subscribers before any
 portion of it can be reprmted in any of lhe American
 Journals. For this ami other advantages secured to
 our subscribers we pay so large a consideration, that
 we inav be compelled to raise the price of the Maga
 zine. Therefore we repeat subscribe early while
 the price is low.
 Remittances and coin muni cal ions should be always
 addressed, post-paid or freaked, to the publishers,
 LEONARD SCOTT CO.
 70 Fulton street, New York.
 WM. H. TOPP, Merchant Tailor, 546 Broad
 way. Also an extensive assortment ofCravau,
 St Hosiery, Gloves, Ate
 Frb 11. 1848.
 jJHILfP A. WHITE, Druggist, corner of Frank
 Oil and Gold Street.
Free Labor (.tods.
 MANUFACTURED by the American Free Pro*
 duct Association, and for sale at No. 31, North
 t ifth-straet, Philadelphia
 Manchester Ginghams; Checks, Aproa and Fur
 niture; Canton Flanm-!, unbleached; Mtuhn,
 nteactued and onbleacber of various qualities and
 width; thin Mm in tor rungs, brown and colored;
 Bird Eve Towels; black, anrl white Wadding;
 Cotton Lap*; Lamp Wick; Bed Ticking, an tt
 cellent article; Calico, Stockings, Knitting Cotton,
 kc. kc.
 Order* for Goods, or fetter* desiring information,
 mav he addressed to J. Miller McKim, 31, North
 Fifth-street; Daniel L. Miller, TeoUi-sireet; or to
 James Meat, No. 3d, Church Alley.
 A large and taiwtwui— assortment of PrinU now
 oo hand. jol—if
 Aml-sla?ery Office,
 No. 31, North Fifth Street, Philadelphia.
 A FULL assortment of anti-sJarery publication
 is kept constantly on band. Aim a hand torn
 variety of miscellaneous publkauotu, and use tv
 and Fancy Stationery.
 All fetters relating to the business of the ofik»
 to be directed to J. Miller McKim, 31, North
 Fifth-street. Philadelphia juJ—U
PROSPECTUS
 American Phrenological Journal.
 O. FOW LER, EDITOR.
 TO rrform and p&gt; rtect and wtr me*, »s
 the iw«i exahcti r»f all work*. 1 do o»r* r
 bwi umferMaiid tl*» Human Constitution. I hi*
 Phrenoloff), Pliysrokigv and Vita! M igm-ti-m *ni
 brace, and ernce r vjswrod aU the law* of our being,
 rnndituvs of happ.iw-**, ant! contrritnt*' tin* ftht •*o
 phrr’a stone of l niverrsl Truth.
 PHRENOLOGY
 Each numfier will contain either the analyst* and
 location nfanm 1 phrenological faculty, ilktstraKd
 ;ut Engrrt tug, or an artical on their combination*
 and al*o the ontanintino and character of *&lt;*to*
 tingmsbrd personage, nrcuoipanied by likeo***
 PHYSIOLOGY
 Health I- Life, Tis great iwtrwnien? of talent vir
 tue and happine.**, all of which it aufpncr ts. f it
 perwrvatmn and noMorutii»u,-*peci»l attention wil! l
 given-
 MAGNETISM-
 With practial instinct ion, inun-*nng tacts, and
 choice truths which it unfold*, will l«e presented in
 this Journal-
 YOUNG MEN.
 The blessings tbty enjoy, the influence they can
 wield, anti their prejviratioß for conducting our insti*
 unions, will form the theme of a aeries of artirl* s.
 SELF-IMPROVEMENT.
 Wh o Hoc* not long earnestly, anti would not strive
 aasiduotisL, to cultivate his naturv.l powers, anti
 rentier himsell better and more hupjyl To Mich,
 each number will lie a prompter ami text-fiook.
 I'tßMS—invariably in advance —ONE LHiLL
 AR A YEAH.
 SAMPLE NUMBERS of this Journal will U
 st nt GRA US. when desired.
 To receive attention, letter* and orders must
 POST-PAID. anti tiirectetl to
 FOWLER WELLS.
 No 131 Nassau St.,N«w York
 TTTILLIAM 13. LOGAN, Dealer in Fubionaklt
 VY Boots and Sluter*, 80, Purchase Street, New
 Bedford.
 W. B. L. keeps constantly on hand a S'-od assort
 ment, and will sell cheap lor cash. Strict attention
 paid to custom-made work, by Messrs. Parker :»n*‘-
 Davis
 NORTHAMPTON WATER CURE.
 Electricity and Ilydropat! y.
 public are respectfully informed, that sinct
 the philosophical (.'eductions of the 1&lt; lined Dr.
 Means, of Einorv College, Ga., anti th 'seientihi
 experiments of Mr. Hemmer of Englu :d,* Irave
 recently and indubitably established the fact, that
 the conclusions at uliuh the undersigned .rrivetl
 the sense of touch, in 1844, are in bar iony with
 natural and physiological laws—to wit. that the
 hitman lxrdy, in a healthy condition, i- ii a posUivc
 electrical state, and that the electrical nanations
 from the cuticular suilace, indicate he; th, or the
 symptoms aad character of disease—the, is some
 reason to hope, that certain physicians, 'uorant ol
 I these principles or natural laws, a km ledge ol
 which i* essential to the safe and imetlig* t practice
 of the healing art, will cea*e their v* iterations
 against the positive electrical stvtf. of the
 human body, and will hesitate to uissi uie thost
 whom they have failed to relieve o* their c .mplaint*,
 from seeking nature’s remedy at the N’&lt; itiump-
 TON W ater Clre. Thus sustained I the light
 of science, the undersigned may he pen. itted liete
 to repeat his experience, that, in all c i-e where tin
 wrist, stomach, or lungs, are in the elect! &gt;-negative
 condition, the patient is beyond the powt r ot' watei
 ;to afford relief. Un the other hand, when tlu art?
 of the body alluded to, are in the elect.o-positivc
 state, however disarranged, there i.. ior. .d to hope
 for a cure.
 Had not the result’, of past year*’ practice
 already convinced the public of the saferv or truth
 fulness of the principles by w hich the und? rsigned i
 governed, in detecting the* symptom* and rharartei
 of disease, and practising the cure, the n ent scien
 tific demonstration of their correctness, by I’rofessoi
 Means and Mr. Hemmer, could not tail to routine*
 the most incredulous.
 Gratefully appreciating ihe credit so gonerim-h
 1 awarded lor his success as a Hydropathic lYnrti
 tioner, by a discerning public, and the gralittuh
 evinced by those whom he lias had the pleasure t&lt;
 relieve of their complaints, the undersigned wit
 i assiduously endeavor to sustain the credit,and meri
 i that gratitude, in the case of every invalid who nun
 i afford him an opportunity to effect a cure, by hi
 I original and philosophical method of practice.
 The Northampton Water Cure is pleasantly situ
 ated near Bensouville, on the we: t bank of Lirkint
 W ater, or Mill River, about two and a half mil*»
 from the eentre of the town. It i* coiivcniei.tK
 i arrange*!, w ith separate parlors, bathing and dre.-s-
 I ing-rooms, for Ladies and Gentlemen, well ventil
 ated and conveniently furnished lodging rooms, and
 a variety of baths, supplied with water, which, lor
 abundance, purity, and adaptedness to water-cure
 i purposes, is unsurpassed by that of any other esta
 blishment in this country. The scenery in this
 vicinity i* picture sque and romantic There are a
 i variety of pleasant walks, siitucicntly retired, to
 i allow water-cure patients to ap|iear as they should,
 plainly dressed, enjoying their rambles without
 I lieing exposed to public gaze or observation
 Among the complaints which are litre succe*«liilK
 i treated, are headache, tendency of hl*«&gt;d to the head,
 cold extremities, general and nervous debility, bron
 chitis, pulmonary affection, liver complaint, jaun
 dice, acute or chronic inflammation of the bowels.
 1 piles, dyspepsia, general debility, nervous and spinal
 affections, inflammatory and chronic rheumatism,
 neuralgia, sciatica, lame limbs, paralysis,fevers, sail
 rheund scrofulous ami erysipelas humors.
 All paiients who visit this establishment for a
 course of treatment, should furui. li themselves with
 three comfortables, three woollen blankets, one or
 i two liutn and three cotton sheets, two pillow cases,
 six or eight crash towels, some well worn linen, t,
 cut f«*r fomentations, an old cloak or mantle, an um
 brella, and a pair of slippers.
 Terms for treatment and board are $5 30 r.,
 §8 50 per week, payable weekly—washing extra.
 A patient who from choice or the character of his
 complaint, occupies a room alone on the third floor,
 w ill pay 18 00 per week—on the fir-t and second
 floors, 88 50 per week. Patients requiring extra
 attention or fire in their rooms, (except for swath
 ing purposes,) w ill furnish their own nurses and fuel,
 or pav an extra price.
 1). RLTiftLES.
 Xorthampton, March 1848.
 N.B. Visitors to the Establishment, from the
 east, west, or south, can take the cars of the f”mm.
 River Railroad at Springfield. Carriages will
 always be in readiness at the Northampton depot, ic
 convey them hither.
 The human blood, in a normal and healthy con
 dition of the human system, is in a positive 'state,
 which is constantly maintained by the activity of ti&gt;»
 generating source* within—an excess generally pa
 ing off in silence from tire cuticular surface, that
 out of 356 experiment* made by Mr Hemmer ol
 England, upon the, uncovered skin,” 322 indicate!
 the presence of positive electricity. This mi,-phi-age
 of the fluid upon the surface, we Itelieve to Is in,if*
 pensable to the healthful condition of the uhoh
 animal economy, and that when, from anv cause, i*
 ee diminished or cease*!, diseased action eu-ue.*.”
 Geoaddres*, delivered before the Medical College of
 i*Srgia, at the opening of its annual &lt;**siou, .Nov.
 8, 1847, by A. Means, A. 51., 51. D., l*rofe*s«»r ol
 Chemistry and Pharmacy, and Professor of Pin lea
 .Science in Emory College, Ga., page 25
'Tilol. WATER (IRE.
 THt Subscriber begh leave to call tie attention
 X oi Invalids, especially those suffering Iron,
 chronic tin-ease, to his hydropathic establishment i»
 Athol, Mas#.
 His house teas opened for the reception of patient,
 last season, and it is beliered offers ext client Utili
 ties for anhilosopbic and thorough course in hydro
 path) The supply of water is abundant, and it,
 purity ha* been pronounced equal to water on a
 distilled.” 7he location is quite eligible, being but
 a short distance from tlae V. &amp;M. railroad. Tin
 vicinity abounds in a varietv of scenery, and ha.,
 charming grounds for walk* and ramble*. Ho that
 with tint water, suitable rei?&gt;ineri, mountain air, am!
 exercise, patients can sea. cel' fad to obtain tin
 beahiifui results for which tiiey labor.
 Tile following case illustrates this rental k. \1 r-.
 8., wile of D*-a. 8., of Warwick# Mas*., aged
 about thirty-five year*, sra* brought to me last
 August. Her case" presented the following pheno
 mena. If placed in an erect position, and left un
 supported, she forthwith Jell backward to the
 ground- If being well supported, she made at,
 effort to walk, either (riot, when carried Toward,
 de&gt;pite her efforts to the contrary, would cro-s the
 other. &gt;he had been in tins condition nearly a
 year. Her treatment commenced the 16th of Hept.,
 and wascontinued to the iioth Oct. only, when she
 left, wo lar tu orerwl as to be able to walk hall' a
 mile with ease. Since her return to her family, she
 has cot,tinned her baths, with corre#;*sodirig im
 pcotrement to her health. She now attends to her
 domestic duties, ami with liie assistance of a *m&lt;ti
 girl, does the work of her family.
 Patient are desired to bring three comfortable*
 one pair of woollen blanket-’ one pair of »i we is,
 half a dozen towels marked# with old Jmen lot
 I bandage#.
 Terms, from fire to ten dollar* per week, accord
 iotg to the nece**iiie* or clsiite of the patient*,
 i Those who are le*&lt; (articular in the selection ot
 rooms, or are willing to oe«upy them in cosmuoi
 with others, will he charged
 Athol, March, I*4*. GP#ORGE HOYT.
11/ASHINGTO.VS Ihiguenian Gallery, 136,
 VV Main Street. Buildings, Hartford
 Cewecucut.
POVERTY:
 ITS ILLEGAL CAL'ftES AZVD LEGAL
 LIRE.
 *V LYSAMOER ttOOMI
 The Albany Patriot r»!t* it—A neat pnirpabic'
 ,w par**—■* vrrv r* murk aide pfoaortvon.”—
 VViiethrr all iK»* tattcipal &gt;r&gt;ii» f»l Mr. Spo.*ne
 wrmU fir reahzed by tor full adoption of hi* the*e\,
 «r ri&lt;&gt; rv«t her* step rnt-irre lei* we heart N
 **®d his* endeavor the re t;ce of all who k&gt;»*
 Irdwjur' I i-irr»l» -.iciion—n,t,e; it! *ndc pet*
 tirigirwd th-ught—and &lt;nt ire freedom fr' ,n» tiy* r,r
 of sec »r *rty A* jodtt, il wntrr.br fo«
 a romp*.**. far bry&gt;nrf any one prodi«
 have met «mr »ve in long time.”
 Hunt’s Mrrrit»nt’&gt;* Mazarine vay**— I ,t, irv
 hi liolil :u&gt; original t fx-i». The iJirc.ti came*
 poverty are -f.iied, .tod s* number of inij-.rrjn’
 sitmn* bearing on the juliject Did down ,i&gt;. rr&lt;
 j wb&lt; !e. »f c»&gt;n«tder it a w«*tk well t( _
 affording a* it dee* many vahmUc hint,. n, thr*.f»r».
 malt and j &gt;h' si ec&lt;.:i4*n»’*t.”
 Th* B*ll4ol n.ij —“An il sod reriai
 K orjifi &gt;al w rk. Ir* :n tlv j*n i.t 1.. vn.V|
 E-&lt;). —author &lt;4 that p*&gt;W ciftd hook
 •strati.« liit* uncoju-titut naiity of Ac*. r
 Thrrr it no writer ol tie art*,of logical ,w-iw-e,i n
 ■rnichirg than Spoon***.Tbi« mn *.uk
 lined to lead to a r«* »A.ui.ioati -n of *d. f&lt; mer
 term* of j* i.tir a! pr«&gt;noi#\ \	 ftr**t I
 n mural propositions strike ns a* ■oxtam.ihlc—,
 t! ev arr -o, hi* work will pier ail. and pr.-.iur,
 important revolution in tin* prevent prrvai ,po
 trill.
 F.vrrv onr should rr-.n; it.”
 BELA MARSH, Publisher. B
 Part 1. Prire 25 (cut-.
 liniiS fulrJ ip Km inn
 Is the not\ routedv t it ran he relied n tor li.r
 permanent rnrr of Spasm. ■ir Contract 1 as, Irrit.i
 ti'-n of the .Verves, Ncrv.-.u* or Ilea* .w hr
 .\ervi us Tri mom, .Veinaigir Affect.. 1-, (ICla.ll
 Debility, Deficiency of ,\ri vous ntri I la-icai Fner-'
 gy, and all Neiv* us Di~ ders, inclining the mo-?
 ifiea* fnl of ail diseas* s that .t ret t! e 1 on an race—
 Fpi’rp-n, nr f'-'lv" li\*'itioal f it*,
 Conviilsii iis, Spwi.s. li is wr I known, tlv.t
 tiom time in.ntriuorial, Physician, t arc pronoun.'
 Epileptic Fit* incuiah'e. It h*« latiisil all tlt n
 skill, and tlx- Giastnl power ot all medicine, an
 Conner|tienllv tin os aids liuve Silfn tcd tine i y.li a it
 ei able existence, ami at last yieL.ed up tiru !i\*
 the Utnr oj In.sn&gt;nt Ihe prc| ru t. rot" the k a't
 able F.Ntrnct. bmtt vrr, feels no &lt;l« licacy in v 11*
 that it can be cu r 'fri. He would, tin rct‘.r« icsj
 fully inv iic lumcmii-, anrl all others wi n air int* 1
 ested, to ex.uiu ie tt stmiony w Inch is In 1 r 1 t&gt;i 1 c
 If it is deception, let 1 lie exposed lut d it ,1
 tree, then in the name ot humanity, iio longer let it
 l&gt;e said that Fpilef -y is inciin.hic.
 Heart's VegttatU Frtmet For sixtran \r.r-,
 has Is-pii test«l In tram persons who lave I.t t e,•
 with this dreadful disease, and in every case v.lnt
 it lias had a lair trial, bat? efiectid a pnn.am nt
 cure.
 Col. Drnslow of Yonkers, Netr Voik,«trtes ti it
 his daughter has Gen afflicted with t its hr u.cie
 than nine years, nml has been cured lv the Ute of
 the Vegetal le Extract.
 Mrs. J. Biadry, 11. Orchard street, \ew Voik,
 states that she lias Jxen Milject to F its for many
 \ears, and In Gen restored to perfect health (.liter
 evert Itl i r mean had tailed) by the u«e of the
 Vegetable r.xtiar t.
 Dr. f htirlo Brown, ol Dover, Russell o&gt;
 Alabaiti:!, w lio i me ot liielt-t I l.ysnians in the
 State, says that he In- been nnicli I enetuted by tie
 use of the Vegeta! le Extract, and t a ‘is unl.eeitat
 inglv preset ilea it 1,1 every case .it It 1 w which
 1 cou.es under hi know leitge.
 Curtis (i Alavberry, F’~&lt;i forn.erlv Postmaster
 at l.ime Mills. raw lord Pa., now livn.g 111
 Erie Co., Pa., states that li.r many an j nst In
 has lieen sorely afflicted w iih Fils, and he is now
 I appy to state that a peist vering u-e ol Dr. H ut’
 Vegetable Extract, has restored him to sound health,
 !xing entirely freed from that worst of all disease-.
 Judge Kama!!, Isti llemv street. New \..ik,
 having used the V egetable Extract &gt;uiu es-iu!tv in
 his laiuilv, highly lecomiuetnls il to all person- «t:
 are afllti lt'd with I tl?.
 Al. Stiph.en F.. Pratt, corner ot &gt;ixih Vvciu--
 and I vvenlv-Sixlli steeet, New \ork. -tales tl u
 Mr. has, 11. Houghton, a nieo 11 rof hi- latnilv ha
 been so severely afflicted with Epileptic Kits tm
 i many yeart*, that he was. obliged to relimpiish to
 business. Having used Dr. Hart’s Vegetable L\
 tract (savs Mi. Pratt.) lie was soon restored 1
 perfect health, and left this city for the State (it
 Ohio to resume hi- business.
 Rev. Mr. Smith. Rector of ?»t. Peters Cliuic.i,
 Spot*wood. New Jersey, 1 who has been afflicted
 with Epileptic Fit- for more than forty yeais, -tail
 that he has used Dr- Dart’s Vegetable Extract, and.
 his health has been so much improved that Jit htfe«
 by Divine blessing, to have no more F its.
 Fpilrptic Fits. —For twenty-seven years and six
 months, cured bv the u-e nt this truly wonderlul
 medicine.
 Rend the billowing remaikablo case of the soil ot
 j Win. Secure, Esij, of 1 lul.idelphia, afflicted with
 Epileptic I its twenty-seven years and six months
 After travelling through England, Scotland, (&gt;ti
 many and F’rance, consulting the most eminent
 i physicians, and ex( ending li.r medicine, medical
 treatment and advice three thousand dollars, returned
 with his son to this couutiy tu November la.-t., with
 out rtciiving any benefit whatever, and was cuirtl
 b\ Using Hart's 1 1 get able txtract.— have spent
 over d ree thousand dollais foi me- icineanil nieitiral
 attendance. I was advised to take a tour to F n
 rope with him which I did. f fust visited Lngl.n
 I consulted the m&lt; et eminent physteians Uwre m
 respect to l i- ca.-e; tliev examined him and preset i-
 Ijed nccoidingly- I remained them three months
 w ithout p-ereeiv ing any change f..r the I.• 1 1»1, whuh
 1 cost me about two hundred and tifty dollars, |sn r
 eted by tile physicians, and the must that I receive.)
 was their opinion that my -on’s ra~o wtts hope!*
 and I OSI’I'IVEEY INt I R VI'.LL I
 left Engltind travelled through Scotland, (ienn.u y
 and F’tance, :u«l returi.ed home in the month &lt;.t
 Noven.her la-t, w itli m\ son .1 tar fi tun lx-tug ruied
 as when I left, I -aw your advertisement in &lt;lll "t
 the New York papeianti ciuiehnleil to try ILttt’-
 Veg* table Extrait. -eeing your statements ;u..l
 certificates of st» many int s, some of twenty o.d
 thirty years niantiing, and 1 can assure v-u I am uni
 Hurry I tlrd so, as l y tlie use of Hart’s Vegetal ie
 Extiaet alone he was restored to PUD kA I
 HEALTH. His reason, which was so f.u go,,* to
 unfit him for business is entirely iesit red, with th*
 prospect now betiae him of hie, i.ealth and nseiiil
 ness. He is now 28 years of age, and 27 veats 0
 months of this time ha- been attiicted widi *lo
 most dreadful ot disett-e-, but thank tiod 1 no
 enjoying good bealth.
 Now, sir, faith without work- I don’t believe
 in. To say 1 shall be evei grateful to you is on&gt;
 thing, ami a- I here enclose vouune bnntlieel dollars,
 1 have no doubt but vou will think fin- a not Ito 1 ait!
 quite a different tiling. Ihe debt ol gratitude I stdl
 owe vou; but plea-e accept tins amount a- inteicit
 on the debt in advance.
 Your-, very re&lt;-p* •ctfiilK,
 tsigned) W ILLIAM SECORF
 TESTIMONY I TON TESTIMONY.
 In refi lem e to the almost ndiacukun eftnacy &gt;i
 this tiulv womleifui medic me, it ail the Joie wll g
 letter from Dr. W. L. Monroe, ol (iudlor. 10,
 on* of die mti-i eminent phv -iuanh in tl.ai j »ce
 fitiilford, Gjiio, Aegu*t 17, IHdfc
 p,ri tUr lalrorer in die cause ol hiunamtv I e
 sir: li is wuh no small degree of pleasuir tl at 1
 am enabled to announce to y. u die complete Uiuin| I*
 of your invaluable merdeme in case., ol F.pil*p&gt; I
 have piescribed it in lour iiulance.* i» du« vicnnty
 and it Iras been highly -ncees-lul in ail line* o
 the patient*, 1 trust, ha**- tieen radically cored
 The fouitb one 1 rapidly iinorovrug, ami will, 1
 think without doubt rerover, i am not iu t!x* Iwlnt
 of prescribing or lecoinmending patent medicine
 Ixit when I see a., .illicit w 1 icb promises so unvli
 for the rebel ol ’ffering lam.anity, I feel my duty
 to reroinira-ini it, md I have ry&gt; he-itatim in »j.
 imr tliat Hi '&lt;ji.it a- tlx Gr-ulty aie fully acqtauntf.l
 with the real n*-r*t '-1 vnur medicine, they will
 dose tbarir eve atminst pej.sur* and lend yo*. a
 hfeiping liand.
 1 -uUcnbs- HA il Ji.ro, suKcrtU
 [Signed) W. L. MO.NkOE, M. D
 To Dr. liar*, '&lt;&gt;rk.
 the time IS NOT FAR DIHTAN I
 AViien tiiOU.-ae.d- who are now treuiblidg ui»■
 the Itaml of tr.i dreadiul oras-a-e, ami lieunug tt-
 everv attack may prove fatal, wdl last perman* 1
 icini ami re?tore*! t?i new life, by using tb
 celebrated med tie-
 OVER ONE T HOI SAM) ERTIF D’ATFS
 Have been r*ieivtd in teatii*r&gt;ny of the |l« nrtit iu!
 re*uh pus!ui.*‘! bv toe u-e o| Dr llait’- \eget:»-
 bSe Extrait.
 fj Piepared by ti. IIART, MD, N. Vwk.
 Price, one piackage *ll 00
 Do four packages IU 00
 It** eight packages 20 W
 [TF* It i* tarehtlly packed up in b*&gt;xr&gt; lor b-ns
 portal 10a, aad tend to anv r*art ol ti*- l
 Jsuvt*, Texas, Mexico, anu hot Indio
 IHOM.VS hi MIL-8, It 9 Mail rtreel. Qi
 rinnati, Ohm, Cieoeral Agents fur tac l
 State*, to whom ail communicalioi-v must te
 drex»e&lt;s Post Paid.
 A. B k D. San,:* -ucner of Fuliim an I VV d;iaj*#t
 New York.
 H. D. Wade, Mam k ftt Paul- Itxhrrter.
 E. IloUidge, 217 Mam mm P.ußalo,
 H. k E. Gaylord, Agent* (wr L’leveiami Olno,
 Fay k Kilihourne, Columbus,
 J.Gfcfl. II Hill, Detroit, Al..hif»n
 VV ns. Cunningham, Mtllwatikie VV tv
 J. H Reed, and to-, Chicago 111,
 Duel. T.. Maaou, lowa
 11. Biackalev, and Co., Si Lours Mo
 And Lr Sale by »r*t of the principal Drugf i’***
 liif »J Utf tX, Ut lhe SlclU’B
 TOOMAS M MILES. 1* «..n atr ssL
 Sep. 22 —ly Cmci*imU.OH
