t RED ERIC R DOUGLASS, Editor
VOL. 11. NO. 9A
1 hr- NORTH STAR is pobU*hed evert
 I TtJat, at No. U, Bnflalo Street,
 Hrotatr thf A”' if i
 TF.RMS
 Jno dollars per annum, af*»&lt;iyi u* tt-fi &lt;i*re. No
 uS* ri;&gt;tin!t Mill l# received t r le«« term than
 -.x month*.
 A ‘.v.-ruwrneut* n»l exeee ten line* insetted
 t* *li n»s for if* 1 &gt;ll -»r; evrn --U'xi’jieilt itW
 t on, twenty •live cents
 i II ol&gt;;ec| ul the N &lt;1 H I H S I A K tt ill lw to attack
 i v Kt hi ail iii form* and a-peel*; advocate
 i *s» iu I'«a n. tr*ATi rxalt the taidwil
 I'. iO~ Mor ai 1 1 V tie* moral and in
 v :.'I v»’,rn&lt;i'( of tile I’uLCHH.' P»iPI F
 i.. iy ~r fiiffdom i uie Thr* i
 tit: Kvm.nvrt&gt; Km row Cocn
 i n v
 r’ i Nir.ijs notices.
 -ji• 'iti'HM retain" in thf
 a p.ijcr, name* of hiliv-i ilior*, leiiiit
 ,V ii&lt;! In adilrt .sed to John Dick.
 -Jr V«&lt;*rN, a id at! other* sending name*, an
 i .a l l;&gt; t«- accurate, a.! t,ive the Ofin.
 ’v, and tine Si/tSf. I. I(U Subsridiei i, un
 -tlcly crednr for runnel received.
 r j- A.tv person sending i.i the payment for loin
 ~Ct *iM i’* to lie t i« 'll 'l l! to rilif address, HIM\
 ive a fifth cf.jv. fur one year.
 jr All 1 tii a .id c&lt;, mm,.icatio::- in«i-t jy»M
 Us I Ol AGENTS.
 Mt«Mtnnnrv— It. F. Walnut, 21, Coruhill,
 I’o‘tou; Nathan Johnson, New Bedford Horatio W
 ."iter, Lowed; Janie* Buffum, I.sun; George
 .va is, Wor-ester Bomue Spooner, Plymouth;
 1 'aarlei ti. Seth, Sprii gtie! i David froggies.
 jrthntnplon; 11. Carjieiiter, I. pton.
 Must .—Oliver Dennett, Portland.
 Vi itvinvr. Rowland T. I’ohi.iso.i, North IV r
 i Imre.
 Cosvvt Tici'T.—Jonathan Leonard, New Haven
 Nrw II ui’tmi k. —WYnrc Tappan, Bradford.
 Nt.xv York.,—Svincv H. Day, 142, Nassau
 ■'ll ret; Jant! M.’Cuao Smith, 98, \Ve-t Broadnax;
 ph Pus-, WVstlitirv, (t teen County Mary Har
 r, Allr Llias D &gt;tv, Macedor.: W illetls Keese,
 th ru, Clinton Countv William S. Baltimore, Troy;
 I. K. Platt, Penn Van; J. .ledi ev, Geneva; F. L
 Pi itr, Bath.
 It Hour. Ist,ASH.—Amarancv Paine. Provident e.
 p»; svr.v am a.—J. M. M f Kim,3l, North Fifth
 Street, Philadelphia; G. \V. Goiuea, S, Exriia.ige
 Place. Ditto; B- Bown.Pitt-lmrgh; Wm. \Vhip;xt,
 i .!u ah' i; I lie lloN-rts, J ieo!i L. Pavon, Noiri--
 rnvn, Moiitgonierv Countv. Milo A. Townsend,
 ew Brighton.
 Onto. —Christian Danaidson, CJineinnnfi; at
 ran and Gaimai, Ditto; Valentine Nicholson, Hhi
 v eysfwrgli. \Y on a Co.; Samuel Brooke, Salem.
 MiiJiuovs.—Robert Bank-. Detroit.
 I mu a s a.—Joel P. Davir. Feonomv. Vi ayne Co
Selections.
 Coivespontk'iiei* ol the Trilnine.
 SALEM WITCHCRAFT —SLAVERY
 IN THE DISTRICT, Ac.
 Washington, June 11 1849.
 That old Salem witchcraft, what a
 strange business it was! How it de
 luded some of th“ brightest minds of
 the time! The sincere lover of hu
 manity looks back to the scenes ofj
 that period with deep pity. I observe;
 of lute the Editor of u Boston paper,
 has favored his readers with long dis
 quisitions on the subject. He is a
 u aro observer of human conduct, and,
 1 dare say, had some good reason for.
 showing up, attlie present time, the
 cheating and enchantment that so
 sorclv afflicted the early Puritans. 1
 wish i could enlist his quick sight to
 ferrei out the witchcrafts, and his ef
 fective pen to expose them to the pub
 lic observation, which still lurk in this;
 community. It is a matter ot doubt in
 11 y wind whether old 1 otton Mather
 aid his associates were more complete-!
 ly cheated by appearances than many
 people among us are at Ibis very hour.
 As to the fact of Infernal-Possession, or
 Bedevilment, 1 am sure the certainty
 •md advantage are all on our side,
 ..1 the present time, over the miserable
 victims of suspicion, persecution and
 the gailows in l*»80! In that case,
 there was little or no satisfactory evi
 dence of bedevilment. In ours it is
 most abundant and conclusive.
 Let me jot down here and there a
 fact as it turns up in the run of a few
 davs. Not long since, at Baltimore,
 my business led me to the wharl just
 as the Philadelphia boat was about to
 -tart. There were present from twelve
 to twenty intelligent, well behaved,
 finely dressed colored people, chiefly
 belonging to Philadelphia, as 1 learned.
 They were on to attend a genteel wed
 ding, and were now about to take the
 steamboat on their return as a bridal
 party, with the new married pair.
 Could they go to the “captain’s office”
 like other decent people, and buy their
 tickets' Before one of them could
 *tep upon tiie boat, they must go to an
 old ware-house, and there have some
 white man known to the person in at
 tendance, to vouch for the freedom ol
 each one of them by name. The re
 corti is made up. they then are allowed
 to go on board and pay as much money
 as anvbodv. It seems to me this i» a
 strange flourish of republican sensibili
 ty. recollect a few years ago in
 Canada, how strongly disposed I felt to
 light, rather than endure the imperti
 nent inquiries of a Custom-House of
 ficer about my residence, name, age,
 occupation, destination, and the like.
 Wouldn’t it sorely puzzle the old witch
 es to make u satisfactory choice be
 tween the despotism of Kingcraft and
 the despotism of ‘Democracy?’ For
 one, if my rights mus*. be trampled
 down, let it be under the iron heel ol
 Horan Grand Monarch, lar rather than
 through the petty vexations imposed
 bv lha spawn &lt;&gt;l vulgar insolence and
 tyranny. But tins outrage upon decen
 cy and public law is practiced of course
 for the security and special benefit ol
 Slavery. It is intended to guard one
 of its exposed outposts.
 A week ago last Monday morning
 I look the cars at Baltimore for Wash
 ington. While standing on the plat
 form where passengers step mto the
 ran, Rev. John F. Cook of this City
 came up and entered into conversatioi
 with me. He had been to Bahitnor*
 to preach the day before.—While talk
 mg we advanced a few steps, wind
 brought us opposite the Jim Crow car
 in winch were seated a clerk or runne
 from Donovan’s alave-pen, with liv.
 •lavas, a young man and woman, tin
THE NORTH STAR.
exact picture of despondency and des
 olation, and three children, whoseemei
 satisfied with the noveky of the scene
 about them. These slaves weie or
 their wav to Alexandria, to be sent
 thence overland, by Bruin Mill, tc
 the far Southern market. While chat
 ting with me, Mr. Cook was obliged t«i
 jump on board tins car, with the slaves
 and the wretch having them in charge,
 as it was off. Upon taking my seat ir
 a car, which usually carries the well
 dressed and orderly sort of travelers,
 1 observed a colored git I with a pale,
 puling little white child in her arms,
 crowded into a seat with a young w hite
 ►rnan, apparently the father ot the
 child. The child mad" itsetf conspicu
 ous, bv noise and .AWtuesi. for a
 time, hut was at last soothed by its
 colored nurse. Of course the passen
 gers were crowded close around the
 colored girl and no one took offence.
 Certainly, I make no complaint now.
 Who is John F. Cook? \N by was
 not lie in the same car with ine? We
 i are personal inends. John h. Cook is
 a well educated man. and a thorough
 gentleman in all his deportment. He
 is the Minister of a highly respectable
 Presbyterian congregation in this city,
 and a the head of a school as well
 trained and flourishing as any other in
 s Washington. His unblemished life
 and integrity of character command for
 him universal respect and confidence.
 It would probably be very difficult to
 1 select a man in this community more
 devoted and m every way more useful.
 He happens to range somewhere about
 j halfway between the pure Anglo-Saxon
 and the doomed race' lliat excludes
 him from the respectable car, while
 Slavery thrusts the poor, simple, dull
 colored girl into it. More properly
 and truly speaking—Slavery is the
 tyrant who presides over this whole
 business. It banishes Mr. Cook, with
 his intelligence and refinement, to the
 Jim Crow car, to brood over the gross
 insalt to his manhood and the outrage
 to his people in the person of the help
 less slaves, while it puts into the rich
 est seat the simple, coarse, black
 nurse, to the mortification and annoy
 ance of those who are compelled to
 witness the transaction. I shall like to
 have the Boston editor or anybody*
 else show, if it can be done, in w hat
 respect the theory of witchcraft adopted
 aryl acted upon by Cotton Mather and
 the dupes ol his times is one whit more
 absurd, extravagant, foolish or wicked
 than the theory of human nature and
 relations extensively received and ap-j
 plied amone us at the present time. As!
 to its fatai effects, that old witchcraft
 delusion was confined and comparative
 ly inconsiderable. It was the blindness|
 and effervescence of an hour. Our de-j
 lusion is awful in the extent of its
 havoc, in the depth of its cruelties. It
 sweeps away at a blow the center
 column of Christ's Gospel—jhc one
 ness of the human race in origin, pow-j
 ers and destiny.
 A poor woman was put into jail
 about a week since It is the jail thatj
 cost the people ot’ the United States
 nearly or quite sixty thousand dollars.,
 Had this woman committed any crime?.
 Not the least in the world. Her mis
 tress wants to sell tier and pocket the!
 money—that’s all. She put her into
 jail simply to know where she is when'
 she finds a customer. This poor wo-j
 man offered for sale expects to be con
 fined in a few weeks. She has a
 husband and mother, but neither o‘|
 them is allowed to go into the jail to.
 visit her. The husband tried to talk
 to her through the grated window, the
 other day, but was driven off by some
 menial of the establishment. Amanda,
 the slave woman, is a member oi the
 Methodist Church, which takes the
 name of Bethlehem. 1 hear she is in
 good standing in the church, and sus
 tains a fair and good character gene
 rally. The mistress—the owner—the:
 trader—who is she? She is Miss A.|
 a venerable spinster, a few years I
 ago from Virginia, and now residing in
 this city. She brought with her thisj
 woman, her mother and two ot three
 children, upon whose wages she has
 lived for some years past, and now
 purposes to put Amanda in her pocket.
 She i Miss A. A.i is a member of the
 Methodist Episcopal Church, belongs
 to the McKendree Chapel congrega
 tion, and attends class regularly. 1
 am glad to say some of the brethren 1
 arc a little stirred about this transac
 tion.
 Within a few days another young;
 wife, with an infant child in her arms,
 has been put into this same People’s j
 Jail. She is seized upon by the Sher
 iff, and one hundred and eighty dollars
 levied upon her. This is done by a
 woman, too—a Mrs. or Miss M. of
 Prince George s County, Md. Mrs. j
 M. sold the woman a few years since,
 with her two children, for six hundred
 ind fifty dollars, and has received the
 ;ntire sum, within fifty dollars, with
 he interest, (say, eighty dollars,) and
 tow ievies upon her for this balance.
 —The husband procured a purchaser,,
 md has himself contrived to pay up
 vJSO of the original sum. The balance
 a vet due, not to the woman, but to
 ,ome one else, who made the purchase.
 The lawyers have got hold of the case,
 md whether the anxious husband w ill
 De able to save his wife, or be com
 jelled to give her up. Heaven only
 mows.
 These few slight incidents will help
 you to see, n little, how we live nnd;
 yret on in this part of the country.
 Have we any occasion to dig up old
 superstitions and witchcraft or may
 we find full occupation in exposing and
 combating those that remain? Is it not
 enough to make one sick at heart, to
 see, at this noon of the XlXth Chris
 tian Century, piracy, the sanctioned
 usage of society? How long shall
RIGHT IS OF NO SEX—TRUTH IS OF NO 0)I/)R—GOD IS THE FATHER OF US ALL, AND ALL WE ARF. BRETHREN
we grow weary and taint in looking,
 i before those who have prayers to offer,
 testimonies to maintain, ballot-boxes tc
 i wield, will shake themselves from slotli
 hand stupidity, assert their sovereign
 majesty, and swear before “Israel and
 the Sun,’* these enormities shall nc
 longer bs tolerated
 i There is a strong disposition on the
 part of Slaveholders in this District tc
 i‘ sell their slaves. They anticipate the
 agitation of Congress with the ques
 tion of Emancipation. Ii they can
 sell, at high market prices, the smart
 est and most valuable of their Slaves,
 ami get Congress to pay tor the old
 and refuse ones, when they must give
 them up, that will all be decidedly
 rk-ver _nd cowif jrtaD”'* n. is t'.e
 game. You, at the free North, know
 but little of the miseries endured by
 the colored people here. Not a day
 passes, that some family is not torn
 to pieces and made desolate by the
 diabolical traffic in tiie bodies and
 souls of men.”
 The case of Drayton and Sayres
 has gone through the forms of the
 Courts. They stand convicted of the
 aicftil crime of “carrying out of the
 District of Columbia” seventy-one
 “persons!” That is the length and
 breadth of their offences.—lt is not
 proved, that they inveigled, urged, ad
 vised or asked them to go. It is not
 pretended, they did anything of the
 kind. The seventy-one “persons”
 were found on their schooner, Pearl,
 going down the Potomac; that is all.
 Drayton is fined one hundred and forty
 dollars for each of the “persons” and
 Sayres one hundred for each of them,
 the whole sum footing up seventeen
 thousand and forty dollars! They are
 committed to jail till payment is made,
 One-half the tine-money goes to the
 schools of the county and the other to
 the rascals claiming the “pet sons." It
 will be good hard money when it is
 paid, probably! It is for the people of
 the North to say what shall be done
 next in the case of these noble martyrs
 to the fanaticism and ferocity of Slave
 ry.
 THk IMAGE OF GOD CUT IN
 EBONY,
 A LETTER to the free (Mound population of '.hr
 United States und etsewhere. Inscribed, (with
 sincere respect for the virtues anil talents by which
 many among them are distinguished) to those
 Ministers oj the Gospel, who arc of Afriean par.
 entngc and descent
 Brethren and Friends,
 The task which 1 have un
 dertaken of thus publicly addres-j
 sing you, is felt to he cne of by no
 means easy accomplishment. A diffi
 cult is perceived at its very commence
 ment, arising from an inability to ex
 press in a fitting manner, that variety of
 emotion and correspondent thought,
 which crowd upon the mind and heart
 when, through the medium of a letter)
 inviting your serious attention, your,
 .history,as a people, is more immediately
 brought before the writer’s considera
 tion. The wrongs which you have
 endured at the hands of the proud and|
 savage white man. iiave been so deep,
 so aggravated, and so long contin
 ued that no reflecting and benevolent
 Christian cancontemplate them without
 sentiments 01 poignant regret end
 shame. The posture of the European
 mind toward ihat of ilie African,
 should he repentant and self-abased, ac.d
 while in this, the world’s 11 better hour,
 we offer you sincere expressions ot a
 friendly interest, and affectionate
 sympathy we should do so with the
 acknowledgement that we are only
 discharging debts of .kindness, the full
 payment of which has been too long
 delayed; and that you by accepting
 these arrears in a kindly spirit, will
 deserve our thanks tor the instructive
 lesson you will thus have taught us, ot
 a forbearing temper, nnd a generous
 oblivion of past misdeeds.
 You will notwithstanding readily
 admit, that, when we name the hon
 oured names of Clarkson, \V ilberforce,'
 Buxton. Gurney, Allen, and many
 others, i not to mention those tiring
 philanthropists, whose hearts are pene
 trated with a deep love of the African
 race, and throbbing with an intense in
 terest in the cause of their freedom,
 as well as that of other branches of
 the human family)—we have reason to
 rejoice “with joy unspeakable” that
 the dark and gloomy picture of your
 nation s wrongs, is here and there re
 viewed l»y tints of a brighter, warmer
 glow, producing the happy effect of
 manifesting to you, that the heart of
 the “stranger has not been alwuvs cold
 and insensible, but that many amongst
 us, have pitied you deeply, loved you
 truly, respe ctcd you sincerely, und
 served vou faithfully. I heir ardent
 sympathy, their generous compassion,
 for vour insulted and agonized race,met
 from the public,with a response as gener
 ous and ardent, resulted m a grand
 National Act.the merit of which needs no
 tulogium w ith you. Emancipation in the
 West Indies is not recalled as a source
 of national glorying(for all that is good
 cometh from on high) but as a means
 of relief to the pain caused by the sor
 rowful review of fearful injustice, base
 treachery, and atrocious inhumanity.
 We do, we ought to cling to these ven
 erated names with affectionate respect
 and we are happy in believing that you
 will meet us hare, with the most cor
 d.al sympathy, deeming such a passing
 tribute of regard for their memory, in
 serted in a letter addressed to yourseives
 as equally becoming for us to offer,
 and lor you to accept. T l.etc are in
 Great Britain and Ireland, the
 “earnest few,” who are devoting
 considerable talent and untinug energy
 to the great, the good, the noly cause
 of African freedom; and, in penning
 these pages, it i* a high I r tlllc ®tiori
 te me toknow and to feel that I am not,
ROCHESTER, N. Y.. FRIDAY, JULY 6. 1849.
'as it were, writing alone, though 1
 yam alone, while writing. They are
 o with me still. In the silence of my
 h solitary chamber I seem to hear their
 n loud speaking voices uniting; with me
 d in every good w ish and large desire for
 o your best happiness and truest wel
 fare; and I can truly say, that, should
 p either this, or preceding efforts, in any
 o degree help on the cause for w’hich
 e they were put forth, such a happy re
 suit will have been chiefly attributable
 l to the more successful aud ampler
 works of others, through the stimulus
 thus given by them to mv own.
 The above leaves much unsaid,
 J which our hearts feel; but as it is not
 my purpose to trespass very long upon
 tim readci s attention, will allow
 f me to pass on to the immediate object
 ;of the letter which is now submitted to
 f your indulgent and candid notice. To
 1 address the free colored population
 resident in the United States, upon
 any other subject than one either di-
 I rectly or indirectly connected with Sla
 very, would, in my m nd, be an unwise
 attempt to direct their attention from
 that which ought to be, and which
 therefore,we trust,is the incessant theme
 of their private thoughts, their public
 gatherings, and their closet devotions.
 It is then, upon the abolition of
 America’s national crime, that I would
 wish to offer a few observations,
 earnestly and respectfully urging a
 slight claim to your consideration of
 them, as founded upon a sincere, deep, I
 and righteous desire on the part of a
 Britou to witness the final triumph of|
 Liberty, over a sin so- tremendous,
 so utterly viitue-killing, as that of Sla
 very. In what I may utter, that shall|
 be right, and to the purpose, many
 others, as before remarked, are fully
 prepared to symapathize; in what may
 be deemed useless or injudicious, let'
 me beg to be considered as alone res
 ponsible for. My friends, 1 w ill not in
 j suit your understanding by asking you
 whether you do not experience an un-
 shaken confidence in the goodness of
 God, an unwavering trust in the great
 reformatory principles and spirit of thej
 gospel of Christ, an unquestioning faith i
 t in the progress of the nations, aud a,
 j firm reliance/m human instrumentality
 (aided by reflection and prayer) ns a
 powerful means of producing good.,'
 i j This sentence shofilffbe inscribed oil;
 every generous Jieart—The evils j
 ■j which man in a vicious state,has caused,
 man in an improved state, may remedy'
 and remove. The present age is pre- j
 eminently one offcxeitement, and of en
 quiry into the validity of &lt;J!d opinions,
 of investigation into old abuses, of an
 impeachment of old and pernicious
 systems. This impeachment cannot
 permanently be withstood, this invest
 igation must be fatal, this inquiry must
 bo left open It is well it should be so.
 Truth is an incorruptible seed,” and,
 the “mind of man is a fruitful soil.’’;
 Plant acorn, and the undeviating;
 law of vegetation will give you back,!
 to the patient growth of years the large j
 i and*noble oak. Be assured that the!
 moral and intellectual law is as‘the liat-J
 ural law. Plant, root yourself, as it
 were, in a good principle. Shift not j
 your ground, and time shall show you
 vigorous and sturdy, doing battle with
 the wrong, as the oak with the stormy
 blast, “more fixed below, the more dis
 turbed above.” Let us now consider
 how this searching spirit must and will
 affect the question of Slavery. Men,
 have long dreamed that they had an un-.
 disputed title to absolute property in
 other men, and a careless unthinking
 world lias permitted them to enact the 1
 dream into a frightful reality. But “a
 change has come over the spirit” of the j
 times. A title to absolute property in
 man, and irresponsible power over him, j
 sounds now strange and awful —the doc-'
 uinent is re-examined, the validity of,
 I the claim is disputed, and as the ensla
 ved and the enslaver present them-,
 selres in their respective chracters.
 of defendant and plaintiff, an upright
 and impartial judge will give this sen
 tance: —If the capital flaw in the in
 strument fully made out, no matter
 how long it has remained undetected,
 no matter for how many generations
 tiie title deeds may have passed undis
 puted from father to son.no matter
 how hard a case it may either seem or:
 be, for the plaintiff, the defendant’s
 claim is the claim of justice, and the
 i vitiated deed “must go.” Further, if;
 the conscience ot a vaet portion of the
 Americans has long been hoodwinked,
 by being told that Slavery is a patriar
 chal institution, and continued upon
 Old Testament authority, and they
 now begin to .dge for themselves,,
 and discover, that while American,
 slaves have not one recognized right,;
 but are declared to be absolutely and
 for ever,“chatties personal ’’—the Jew
 ish bondsmen were a privileged class,
 having personal, civil and religious
 rights, secured to them by law, the)
 will inevitably draw the just conclusion
 from this comparison ot slavery with*
 servitude, that although the latter was
 a patriarchal, the former is nothing but
 a gross heathen institution. It added
 to this, thev, with enlarged in ellect, are j
 not dull to perceive, that even the
 mild servitude of the Old and inferior j
 Covenant was inteuded and designed
 to give place to the freedom giving pre
 cents and spirit of the new and the bet
 ter- —no matter how long theAmencan
 mmd has been Aliened, how long
 blundering notions of 0 6 Testament
 institutions haveprevai ed, or how long
 the glorious light shed by the New-
 Tesfameni has been objured, inquiry
 will not rest, energy will not tire, cour
 age will not fail, till the Comment re
 sound# with the cry of “the heathen
 institution must go.”
 If avarice, cruelty, injustice, treech- j
 i ery, and lu*t, have formed a close and,
 land unholy league, and, by their evil.
I machinations and infernal agency have
 erected that theatre lor the ready per
 r t'ormance of the worst crimes, and the
 r unblushing manifestation of the lowest
 i passions—a human market place, and
 human beings are at length looking
 upon it, with indignant self reproach,
 I with grief, and with terrifiedtfcnazemcnt
 at their long, then heartless, their *tu
 i pid apathy—no matter how firmly the
 theatre is constructed, how skilled the
 performers, or hnw enormous the gains;
 these are perceived to be wages of ini
 i quity, those the children of Satan, this
 the temple of wickedness, and each
 righteous soul pronounces its unhesi
 tating liar, that the human-market
 “must go.” Finally, if thou hast wai
 ted for the “day spring’' from on high
 to visit the “region of the shadow ©f
 death,” if thou hast listened for a voice
 to summon to the bar ot public opinion
 1 the monster which so long derided the
 ,l tears of modest women, the cries of
 helpless children, and the anguish ot
 .jstrong men, rejoice! tor the monster
 does stand at the bar of public opin
 ,j ion—and that public is the world The
 day spring is at hand; and; as it
 “bends its light” upon this cowering
 iniquity, it “hits it with destruction.”
 Slavery must go.
 My friends, you on the other side of
 the Atlantic, and we on this, feel
 alike a strong and joyful conviction,
 that this havoc spreading evil, w ill and
 must be stayed. Krc long society will
 j “strike its knell,” but until that hour
 arrives, much truth must be calmly
 •j though earnestly discussed, much
 must be nobly done, much must be
 patiently endured. Every earnest Kind,
 j whither among you or the fairer popu-
 I lation, should hold itself prepared to
 j pass through it, in the might of the
 Lord God.
 j Vour position, my brethren, t the
 j United States, h* one of peculiar diffi
 cully and trial.
 The cup of freedom of which you
 have at length been permitted to par
 take, is as yet by no means wholly
 sweet. The poison of prejudice still
 lurks at the bottom of the vessel, and
 j still infuses some taste of bitterness to
 the whole draught. While “respect
 is the fountain of kindness” we all know
 that the “transition from contempt to
 ‘injury is but short.” An unrighteous
 and wide-spread contempt of man is
 America’s grand defect, and forms in
 fact, the basis upon which she has
 erected her stupendous amphitheatre
 'of crime. America forgets that in man,
 wherever found, we trace the beautiful
 i design, the wonderful workmanship, the
 nice execution, of the “Great,Master
 lof all Art.” Man is in the “style and
 manner of omnipotence.” Man’s works
 may and should excite our admiration.
 The moviug machine, the breathing
 statue, the speaking canvass, the tem
 ple of worship, arc well calculated to
 strike us with respect, yet ought we to
 look bevond these and exclaim, “Man
 himself is the work to be wondered at,
 Man himself is the work of God.
 We have said, that your position is
 j one of peculiar difficulty and trial, and
 we do not acknowledge this without at
 j the same time offering you the aid of
 sincere sympathy while enduring the
 one, and our cordial wishes that
 r strength and wisdom may be voueh
 safed to you for overcoming the other.
 !It is not overlooked by others, nor
 should it be by yourselves, that your
 position is also one of great importance
 and interest. A contest incomparably
 grand is going on in the f niterl States.
 The issue hopefully anticipated, is not
 only personal liberty to three millions
 of our brethren, but through their en
 i franchisement, the advantages ot an
 indelible and instructive lesson to the
 whole earth, that to plant slavery upon
 any corner of its surface, is to unite
 and stimulate for coming years, the
 worst passions ot the worst minds to
 the worst deeds ot legalized cruelty
 and injustice, and to lay upon every
 inch of the soil, that “curse of un
 righteousness,” which must and will
 be redeemed, sooner or later, by the
 noble few who will bear anything and
 everything, rather than their own and
 their country dishonour. Ibis is a
 contest, not between large and compre
 hensive souls, differing in their idea of
 good, but each urging upon their
 country the adoption of their respective
 measures, with such ability and zeal,
 that it may seem difficult to determine
 where the “balance of good lies.”.
 No. Here the line between the con
 tending parties is broad, determined,
 unmistakable. The “balance” of evil,
 is clearly perceived, for it is, m one
 word, a contest between the just and
 the unjust. The defiled standard of
 aiaverv, supported by a vicious self
 interest alone, is erected on one side;
 the unstained banner of virtuous free
 dom waves aloft on the otber. He
 who rallies round this, goes for the
 Right: he who ranges under that, goes
 for the Wrong.
 Brethren and friends, —To doubt
 that many, very many among you, are
 watching the progress of the great
 Freedom Movement, with an intense,
 land absorbing interest, is to doubt that
 you are men. It is a movement to’
 'which all the dependents of injured
 Africa should direct their serious, their
 close, their fixed attention, as its
 success will affect the intellectual ad
 vancement, the social position, and the,
 moral health of millions with whom
 they are nationally connected, and who
 thus appear to have an especial claim
 upon the sympathy and aid of their
 free and intelligent colored brother or
 sister, of whatever country, or religion,
 or party. I have entitled this little
 i tract, “A Lettter to the tree-colored
 Population of the United States, and
 elsewhere,” end deeply is it to be
 desired, that every intelligent and
 virtuous African •should contribute the
influence of his character anti talent,,
 to the promotion of universal freedom,
 in missionary in Africa, in our
 own Colonies, and especially in the
 lj United States, we have abundant proof
 that among our darker brethren, as
 among ourselves, our Common Father
 j has dispensed with no unsparing band,
 those choicest gifts, the feeling heart,
 and the judging inimi” U is by the
 happy union ot these qualities, that a
 correct moral and religious taste is
 formed and settled, and when it is*
 formed, can its purifying influence be
 better exerted than in efforts to aid that
 cause, which aims to procure for mil-,
 lions of Africans now existing, and
 1 millions yet unborn, the sacred rank,
 the mighty privileges, and the glorious
 expectation of the true disciples of.
 Jesus Christ? As, however, the strug
 gle for the complete subversion of
 pro-slavery principles and practice, is
 maintained in the United States, with
 a vigor, a resolution, and an immove
 abiiity of purpose, to be found nowhere
 else on the face of the globe, and as!
 your couiiuct and bearing with regard
 to this great subject, will and must tell,
 either for its advancemsnt or retro
 gression, you might naturally expect
 that those friends of Africa’s descend
 ants, who. on this side of the Atlantic
 felt prompted to address a letter to anv
 of them, would address that letter
 more particularly to yourselves. Vou
 would expect also, that it would con
 tain not merely expressions of sympa
 thy and respect for you as men, but
 j also some allusion to those duties by
 the faithful performance of which you
 may prove to the world that you ire
 i Christian men.
 (To It* confirmed.)
 I&gt;TFN DIAKY ITBLit’ATIOVs
 BY .MAIL.
 The South is now being Hooded with
 abolition documents and newspapers.
 Whilst the Anti-slavery Standard con
 tinues its offensive visits, we observe
 another of the same sort —the Pcnnsyl
 vnniu Freeman—has commenced to lie
 circulated in the Southern States. We
 respectfully invite the attention of
 President 'Paylor, “the man ot the
 South,” to the management of the Post
 Office Department.
 These documents are Treasonable.
 The Freeman denounces the Constitu
 tion of the United States as “an infa
 mous and wicked covenant.’’ These
 publications are not only insulting to
 the people of the South, but are in
 tended to overthrow our institutions'
 and plunge the country Into the direst
 evils.
 The Government, under the Consti
 tution, we believe, has the t.
 trol of the Post Office Depai i,,
 and also the power to regulate w hat
 matters shall be carried through the 1
 mail. In the absence of legislative!
 enactment then—for we believe no law.
 exists 01F the subject, .Mr. Caihoun’s
 hill in 183fi havingbeen lost at its final
 reading in the Senate—we conceive it
 to be the duty of the Kxccutive—a
 duty which he owes to the people of
 the South —that he should endeavour to
 till the Po»t Office Department with
 men who will not, by virtue of their
 office, aid m circulating these docu
 ments in the Southern States whore
 they are prohibited by law
 The recent and increasing circula
 tion of these documents is beyond
 doubt attributable to the knowledge i
 that the Post-master General is a thor
 oughgoing free soil man, and in all
 probability an Abolitionist; and it is ;i
 bad beginning for the admission of a.
 Southern President that the ene/nies 01
 our institutions should have such con
 fidence in the agents of the Post Office
 Department, and that their confidence
 ihus far. has not been misplaced, j
 There were scarcely one of these doc
 uments or papers circulated under flu*
 late Administration. —S. f. Pop tr.
 LETTERS OF ENOS (i. DUDLEY
 The uncord (S It.) Democrat publisher
 the following Utter*, written by tin- unfortu
 nate man, a tew hours before fits execution.
 The writer must either hive Inert a double
 dyed hypocrite, or a ino-.t worthy man.
 Probably a tew years w .*l show that f.e adds
 another to the already long l:»i of innocent!
 victims of thegallow*. fepij!" murdered on
 circumstantial evidence
 Haverhill, May *2l,
 Dear Brother avdSister Hoit:
 lam baout i&lt;» leave you. I rej d
 that J fet-1 Within the fiilie*t
 that I shall enjoy u far more tU-snaide
 state of existence, t leti caim i
 day and may mind a-&gt; cleat us w iiea iii r
 you saw me at the school-house, en
 deavoring to exhort my fellow-men to
 seek an interest in (hat Saviour that I
 have found so precious to me during
 my soul-trying afflictions. The same
 Gospel that I then preached I find suf
 ficient for me in all my trials, notwith
 standing their severity; andl doubt not j
 that the same will sustain me until
 death shall close the terrific scene
 through which I am about to pass
 yes! that same Jesus will go with and
 even bear me safely across the valley
 of the shadow' of Death. The blessed
 prospect that is before me smooths the
 roughness of the way. Bless God, I
 can say with Paul, “I am ready to be
 offered. lam glad my sorrows end
 so soon; then shall enjoy the presence
 of Him that died to save us all, and of
 my dear companion who has gone be
 fore me I have often wondered how
 the martyrs could stand in the midst of
 flames and about praises to the Most
 High. It is no longer a wonder;
 “Christ was within them, the hope oi
 glory.” And though I must d*« by
 gallows, yet I tin confident w
 the passport from this ungodly world to
John PK’K. pi M.HHE*
WHOLE NO.SO.
one ox bli*s and beauty. IIS’*
 promised to stand by, if v»e wji put
 cor trust in him; I have found it
 thus ur. ami have no reason to fear
 that hi* promises will not ail be ful
 filled.
 A little more than one ye.tr -once, 1
 was torn from my home, to which I had
 a« good right as anv earthly being ha«
 to in&lt; home, and by false accusation 1
 was shut out of the pale of society,
 and away iroin mv children, who are
 as tie nr to mu as ever children were to
 a father, By the circulation of these
 talsu reports the public mind has been
 prejudiced to so great extent that 1 am
 condemned t&lt;&gt; die for that which 1 nev
 er did Many of these reports were
 so completely false that they conld not
 have been told hut to injure me des
 ignedly, and at that time it stirred bit
 ter feelings within me, but they are ail
 gone now; yes, now I love them, and
 pray tiod that th y may preparo to
 meet Mu it murdered subject at the
 liar of Him that judgeth righteously
 Thank Hod. 1 am innocent of the
 crime for which l am condemned to
 die, and innocent shall I stand before
 that tribunal where conjecture and
 circumstance are not heard But it i-&gt;
 not so litre; therefore must 1 leuve
 you. and b\ vour request 1 leave in
 your care that little girl. In tears, 1
 give her to you, in all confidence that
 I leave her in the hands of tiic.se who
 will be parents to one whose father and
 mother can no longer guard her youth
 ful venrs. Teach her to pray daily,
 and oh, may God be with and bless
 you and her. and together sa\e you m
 heaven,
&lt;! now i hid vou all—Farewell.
 ours, in love,
 Enos U. Dldlcv.
 Below is a copy of a note enclosed
 within the above, and addressed to the
 little girl above mentioned;
 Haverhill, May vJ-J, ItSßk
 Mv Demi Dm outer Elizabeth:
 I can tio longer be vour father, nor
 provide for vour wants in childhood,
 nor protect you from surrounding dan
 gers: therefore, I have given you to
 ymir father and mother lloit; they will
 be kind parents to you, and you must
 be a kind and dutiful child to them; ul
 w.ivv he obedient and good: love them,
 and improve your mind daily—and read
 the Bible with great care;—you will
 there learn that tiod has said lie will
 be a lather to tiie fatherless; with Him
 your mother now lives, and scon 1 shell
 live with Him arid her, where yve shall
 die no more. Now, my dear, bo o
 good child, and when you arc in the
 field or in the house, ask Gotl to ble*w
 you, and save you in heaven* to dwell
 with your parents, find loves Ijtjo
 "hildren, and you must love Him, ami
 •k Him to purify your little heart and
 fit it for His kingdom. Always love
 the truth; he kind and loving to all
 your playmates—‘ Do to them as "you
 would have them do to you.” I should
 bo glad to see you, but I cannot; but
 if you are a good, humble, little Chris
 linn, you will soon come to me; so f
 must commend you to tiod, praying
 you will ever trust m his grace, and
 meet your parents in heaven—there
 will be no more parting.
 And now, mv dear, 1 must bid vou
 farewell, until we meet in heaven.
 I bis is from your poor dying lather,
 Farewell. It makes iny heart ache
 to part with you, but O! do well und it
 will he well w ith you when leaving this
 world. May tiod lie with you, and
 comfort you at all tunes, and sanctity
 tiiis afflictive dispensation to vour spirit
 ual good, and the good of youi broth
 ers and sisters, and finally may we oil
 dwell together nf last at Cfin-tA right
 han*t.
 Anecdote or v Precise Man. A
 good story is told by the Belfast Jour
 nal of a college professor as follows:
 •He was one of your precise men. who
 measured off sentences as a clerk doe*
 choice ribbons. The good professoi
 took it into his head to relieve the
 monotony of his existence by an aquatic
 excursion. The boat was unfortunate
 ly capsized near the shore, and l*e was
 {int in a fair war to test the virtues of
 Priesnitz’s theon. He was averse to
 making any uncouth outcry, and had
 gone down twice without saying u
 word; hut just as his occiput was dis
 appearing a third time, lie rolled onlrn
 hack, and blowing like a porpoise, ex
 claimed, rather louder than usual, “It
 is anticipated thar some one will throw
 me a rope!”
 Pit£* lpt v&gt;. Practice. —Hr. Chan
 had ahi other, a physician, and at
 time they both lived in Boston. A
 utryman, in search of the divine,
 knocked at the Doctor’s door. The fol
 lowing dialogue ensued:
 “Does Dr. Channing Jive here*’
 *»r.”
 “Can I see hiin
 “I am he.”
 “Who'your’’
 “Yes, sir.”
 “You must have altered considerably
 since I heard you preach.”
 “Heard me preach?”
 “Certainly. You are the Dr. Chan
 ning that preaches, ain’t you?”
 “Oh! I see you are mistaken, now
 It’s my brother who prearha— l’m the
 doctor who practise*
 One or the Oitleti A corres
 pondent of the “Galveston Presbyter
 iau” gives an account of a burning well
 in Eastern Texas, which emits “a dark
 cloud of smoke end a sulphurous amelf
 We always supposed Texas was tn the
 neighborhood of the place which Tay
 lor wished to aseign the Mexicans, but
 did not before know it was immediately
 over it.—.i- S, Buplc.
 Wbxi is bcuei than Presence of M.iid in
 x HxiU ay Accident 1
 r »f«Body -Pwndk
