oc 1 1 n.
 I- rora the VV'orreM&lt;*T Citizen.
 AMERICAN SLAVERY
 B» t.
 T be huge, rec Babvhm'tjf American Slave,y
 with it* tux*'*-!! bo«da«* i™"* c^f!
 *4»*n the abvM of utter darkue**- It WUnf
 A men Alte'irjab s.
 M It ii f*J!inz it i* feliinc
 The Altntfhtr *pc«d the day,
 When my country’* flam thrsldoro
 Shall f&lt;Wfr p**» away;
 When t it hateful fetter* meited
 From the bombr an’* vail and limb,
 He ehali hailohi Freedom'* temple,
 Openinjr wide her gate* to him.
 It i# faihn*—-falling*—biding
 By 'lie wide green earth aljhorred.
 Dee*&gt; to deep for judgment calling—
 “lt shall pc-fish, saith die Lord:
 Perish though it* bond* to strengthen,
 Foul Oppression wield* her brain);
 Periah though it* reign to lengthen,
 De*pot# *trufiie, hand in hand.
 Tyrant! mpotsuit in madne**,
 Gate at on thy palace wall,
 Lo a stern cold hand is writing—
 Thy r*d Babylon shall fall.
 U here are tlie yh! oppressor* 1
 How |M*«e 1 tlieir pride away
 Hell greets thee at thy coming
 Thyself shall be as they.
 Plundered bondtnoi' joyful tiding!
 Wait thee on thy path of woe
 Lint prophetic voices murmur,
 Like srl.tri mu#ic in it# flow,.
 Destruction to the spoiler,
 To the spoiled a *ure release.
 1 h\ thraldom shall lie broken
 By thp holy Prm~e of Peare.”
 Ye, wl{o have pared in sadness,
 Tbrougl the long and heavy night.
 The Watchman’-* round of duty,—
 Vi.w hail the breaking light
 Shout' for die iron fetter
 From hi« limb shall fail away,
 Vmt tie- night which wrapt the bondman's soul
 Retire liefore the day
 \ot alone wbeie falls the slave-whip.
 With tin starry flag above,
 But the old woiiil’s castled despot*
 lih-1 their ueep found itions move
 ‘roivns are fading, kings are quaking,
 Thrones arc vanishing a« dew
 Einpirr*, gray with age, are shaking.
 While the breaker passes through.
 A men the doom of Egypt test
 On Freedom's stuidiesl foe,
 Who, when the Lend demands it, swear-*
 His people shall not go
 Falhcr, —whose voice is troubling
 The proud of every land,—
 make the year, which open- now.
 year of thv right hand
 From tiie National Era.
 BE STRONG \M&gt; BRAVE—BE FIRM AND
 TREE.
 tiV Itl'WAUri JiOUAfUI.
 Be .-tiling and brave—be firm and (roe—
 In wiiatsoe’r thou hast to do;
 hen truth and n%hi are with vou ihere
 Must lie no moment for despair
 If rugged seem the path you tread,
 And Hope a doubtful glim’ring shed,
 Where, fir befotc, the good you seek
 I* hedged by many t.n Alpine |&gt;eak,
 While frozen torrents rage between
 And yawning chasms intervene.
 Oh, falter not—press cu anew,
 For truth and light Ire firm and true
 If error triumph for a day,
 And wrong achieve tyrannic sway—
 If monstrous evils grow with vear-,
 Win «e s ip is human blood and tears—
 If all your efforts seem to Ini
 Like snow flakes falling on the sea,
 Which serve the dark'uing tide to sweli.
 A mi leave no whiteness where it fell—
 If hearts grow sick, and ey es grow dim,
 And faintness seize the weary limb—
 If blear-eyed, dull despondency
 Shall come where hope was wont to be:—
 t*h, sound the must’ring spirit drum,
 A* once ye did when hope was young
 Bid all the glories of thy soul
 Their banners on the night unroll;
 Call out the high resolves once more.
 Which nerved to noble deeds liefore.
 Ami wake tiler music which can thrill
 Thv lining with its rapture still
 Plant firm amid the thrones thy feet
 Loud through the gloom thy cry repent—
 Swing upward still thy torch of flame,
 A" sti ike for truth and right the same
 I iioo.ii night and storms and foes surround,
 And lhre ii’uing clouds sink darkly down.
 Onward and upward press anew
 I o truth and right forever true 1
 rum the Liberator.
 COLORPHOBIA
 bV llt/.tKlAtt Hl’ M A&gt;K IN
 I he Colorphobia —what is that
 l&gt;oe* it infect the log or cat
 Does tne disease prove fatal ever 1
 f*r i- it but a skin deep lever
 1 lie turkey-cock. I’ve heard it »«i
 deep aversion has to red;
 stupid bird -iIK biped
 Din till vrm 'v lUI, H-ith red IS tfnpeil
 I ius Loin-phobia—as they name it—
 So mean that very few will claim it—
 hile it remains ulxive the sod,
 should new i eur-e the church of God
 l not thr c ,lor gives offeuce
 T fey only *a\ so fur pretence;
 C aie they H ng v a rg ,j ie ce
 No—*r th&gt; “rugtfr M keep hut jAutt.’
 ould ye &lt;*t just I mind not complexion
 Black though the
 1 sKin, t is no objection
 Mind uot the color, all elec right
 A man a Mas, u, Uach or Z ltc
 riu* is llie thought that stirs their
 That colored men are Mis at all
 And fix the thing the lien you can,
 Ti* not the 01/ r but tlie Mrs
 A THOUGHT FROM THE PAM.
 &gt;ur vmniihed year* let memory 1 muffle*; bd!
 Toll but one requiem, but one Farewell,
 For him whose eyelids m a wintry grave
 Were closed in anguish by the icy wave.
 Rest, early friend! bemoaned in life's young blooui
 Gone like a *hadow to Uie voiceW. s tomb,
 When last we climbed to yon high, leafy crest,
 To watch the sunlight fading in tlie Wen—
 Oh, little thought I that this hind would trace.
 Ttia#e word* of grief abuva thy burial place.
 Thou hast our tears but la the clouds depart,—
 Our brother sleep*, with sunshine oo hi.- beirt,
 The tempest die*—lire tear are ailent now
 And heaven'* tweet »miie ha* tetiled on ins brow.
 PROCRASTINATION
 The bu»y WO, Id tliovc* angrily aside
 The man who (laud* with arms akimba set,
 Lotil occaaiou tall* lam what to do;
 And he who wait* u» h*v e hi. task marked otn
 Shad d,e and leave hi* errauj unfulfilled
Selections.
From ChMßbera'i Edinburgh Jovial.
 EXPERIEIfCER OF A BAR.
 BISTER.
 A TALK OK CIRCUMSTANTIAL EVIDENCE.
 (concluded.)
 I am not going to inflict on the rea
 der a detailed account of this remark
 able trial, which turned, as barristers
 would say, on a beautiful point of cir
 cumstantial evidence. Along with the
 attorney, a sharp enough person in his
 wav, 1 examined various parties at the
 hotel,and made myself acquainted with
 the nature of the premise?. The more
 wo investigated, however, the more
 dark and mysterious—always supposing
 Harvey's ineocence—did the whole
 case appeal. There was not one re
 deeming trait in the affair, except Har
 vey’s previous good character: and
 good character, by the law of Kngland,
 goes for nothing in opposition to facts
 proved to the satisfaction of a jury. It
 was likewise most unfortunate that A—
 was to be the presiding judge. This
 man possessed great forensic acquire
 ments, and was of spotless private char
 acter; but like the majority of lawyers?
 of that day—when it was no extraordi
 nary thing to hang twenty men in a
 morning at Newgate—lie was a staunch
 stickler for the gallows as the only ef
 fectual reformer and safe-guard of the
 social state. At this time he was but
 partially recovered from a long and
 severe indisposition, and the traces of
 recent suffering were distinctly appar
 ent on his pale and passionless fea
 tures.
 Harvey was arrainged in due form,
 the evidence was gone carefully
 through; *&amp;nd everything, so far as 1;
 was concyrned, was done, that man
 could do. l|ut at the time to which I
 refer, counse) was not allowed to ad
 dress the coulrt on behalf of the prison
 er—a practice since introduced from
 Scotland—and consequently I was al
 lowed no opportunity to draw the atten
 tion of the jury to the total want of any
 direct evidence of the prisoner’s guilt.
 Harvey himself tried to point out the
 unlikelihood of his being guilty; but he
 was not a man gifted with dialectic
 qualities, and his harranguc fell point
 less on the understandings of the twelve
 common-place individuals who sat in
 the jury-box. The Judge finally pro
 ceeded to sum up the evidence, and this
 lie did emphatically against the prisoner
 —dwelling with much force on the
 suspicious circumstance of a needy
 man taking up his abode at an expen
 sive fashionable hotel; his furtive des
 cent from his apartments by the backi
 stairs; the undoubted fact of the watch
 being found in his trunk; the improba
 bility of any one putting it there but,
 himself; and the extreme likelihood
 that the robbery was effected in a few
 moments of time by the culprit, just as
 he passed from the bar of the hotel to
 the room which he Imd occupied. “If,”
 said he to the jury, in concluding his
 add ress, “you can, after all the cir
 cumstances, believe the prisoner to be
 innocent ofthe crime laid to his charge,
 it is more than I can do. The thing 1
 seems to me as clear as the sun at noon
 day. The evidence, in short is irresis
 tible; nnd if the just and necessary
 provisions ofthe law are-
 in such very plain cases, i.. ..^y
 will be dissolved, and security for
 property there will be none. Gentle
 men, retire and make up your ver
 dict.”
 The jury were not disposed to retire.
 After communing a few minutes togeth-
 er, one of them stood up and delivered
 the verdict; it was— Guilty! The judge
 assumed the crowning Imdge of the ju
 dicial potentate—the black cap; and
 the clerk ofnrraigns asked the prisoner
 ut the bar, in the usual form, if he had
 anything 10 urge why sentence of
 death should not be passed upon him.
 Poor Harvey! I durst scarcely look
 at him. As the sonorous words fell on
 his ear Im was grasping nervously with
 shaking hands at the front of the dock.
 He appeared stunned, bewildered, as a
 man hut half awakened from a hideous
 dream might be supposed to look. He
 had comprehended, though he had
 scarcely heard, the verdict; for on the
 instant, the voice which hut a few years
 before sang to him by the brook side,,
 was ringing through his brain, and he I
 could recognize the little pattering feet
 of his children, us, sobbing unci cling
 ing to their shrieking mother’s dress,
 she nnd they were hurried out of court.
 The clerk, after a painful pause, re
 peated the solemn formula. By a strong
 effort the doomed man mastered his
 agitation; Ins pale countenance lighted
 up with indignant fire, and firm and
 self-possessed, lie thus replied to the
 fearful interrogatory:
 “Much could I say in the name, not
 ol mercy, but of justice, why the sen
 tence about to be passed on me should
 not be pronounced; but nothing, alas!
 that will avail me with you, pride-blind-1
 ed ministers of death. You fashion to'
 yourselves—out of your own vain con-!
 ceits do you fashion—inodes and instru
 ments, by the aid of which you fondly
 imagine to invest yourselves with at
 tributes which belong only to Omnisci
 ence; and now I warn you—and it is a
 voice from the tomb, in whose shadow I
 I already stand, w hich addresses you—|
 that you arc about to commit a most
 cruel and deliberate murder.”
 He paused, and the jury looked into
 each other's eyes fur the courage they
 could not find in their own hearts. The;
 voice of conscience spoke, but was on
 ly for a few moments audible. The sug
 gestion that what grave parliaments. l
 learned judges and ail classes of “res
 pectability” sanctioned, could not be;
 wrong, much less murderous or cruel,
 silenced the “still small” tones, and
 tranquilised the startled jurors.
 ‘‘Prisoner at the bar,” said the
 judge with his cold, calm voice of des
 tiny. cannot listen to such observa
 tions: y oil have been found guilty of a
 heinous offence by a jury of your coun-j
 trymen alter a pat.ent trial. With that!
 finding 1 nevd scarce say I entirely
 agree. la® assumed of your guilt
 as ifl had seen you commit the act with
 my own bodily eyes. The circumstance
 of your being a person who, from habits j
 and education, should have besn above
 committing to base a crime only aggra
 vates your guilt. However, no matter
 who or whal vou have been, you must;
expiate your offence on the scaffold.
 1 he law has very properly for the safe-j
 ty ot society, decreed the punishment
 of death fot such crimes: our only and
 plain duty is to execute that law
 The prisoner did not reply; he was
 leaning with his elbows on the front of j
 the dock, his bowed face covered with
 his outspread hands; and the judge
 passed sentence of death in the accus
 tomed form. The court then rose, and
 a turnkey placed his hand upon the
 prisoner’s arm. to lead him away. Sud
 j denly he uncovered his face, drew him
 self up to his full height—he was a re
 markably tall man —and glared fierce
 i ly round upon the audience like a wild
 I animal at bay. “My lord,” he cried,
 or rather shouted, in an excited voice.
 The judge motioned impatiently to the
 jailor, and strong hands impelled the
 j prisoner from the front of the dock.
 Bursting from them, he again sprang
 forward, and his arms outstretched,
 whilst his glittering eye seemed to hold
 the judge spell-hound, exclaimed, “My
 lord, before another month has passed
 away, you wilj appear at the bar of an
 other world, to answer for the life,
 the innocent life, which God bestowed
 upon me, but which you have impiously
 cast away as a thing of naught and
 scorn!” He ceased, and was at once
 borne off The court, in some confu
 sion, hastily departed. It was thought
 at the time that the judge’s evidently
 failing health had suggested the
 prophecy of the prisoner. It only ex
 cited a tew days’ wonder and was for
 gotten.
 Ihe position of a barrister in such
 cicuinslances is always painful. I need
 hardly say that my own feelings were
 of a very distressing kind. Conscious
 that it the unfortunate man really was
 guilty, he was at least not deserving
 capital punishment, I exerted myself to
 procure a reprieve. In the first place
 I waited privately on the judge; but he
 would listen to no proposal lor a res
 pite. Along w ith a number of individ
 uals—chiefly of the Society of Friends
 —I petitioned the crown for a commu
 tation of the sentence. But being un
 accompanied with a recommendation
 from the judge, the prayer of out* peti
 tion was of course disregarded: the
 law. it was said, must take its course.
 How much cruelty has been exercised
 under shelter of that remorseless ex
 pression
 I would willingly pass over the suc
 ceeding events. Unable to save his
 life, I endeavored to soothe the few re
 maining hours of the doomed convict,
 and frequently visited him in the con
 demned cel). The more I saw of him,
 the deeper, grew my sympathy in his
 case, w hich was that of no vulgar felon.
 “1 have been a most unfortunate man,
 said he one day to me, A destiny
 towards ruin in fortune and in life has
 pursued me. 1 feel as if deserted bv
 God and man; yet I know or at least
 would persuade myself, that Heaven
 will one day vindicate my innocence of
 this foul charge. To think of being
 hanged like a dog for a crime at which
 my soul revolts! Great is the crime of
 those imbecile jurors and that false and
 hard-hearted judge, who thus, by an
 irreversabie decree, consign a fellow
 mjrtal, to a death of violence and dis
 grace. Oh God, help me—help me to
 sustain that bitter, bitter hour!” And
 then the poor man would throw him
 self on his bed and weep.
 But the parting with his wife and
 children—What pen can describe that
 terrible interview?—They knelt in
 prayer, their wo-begone countenances
 suffused in tears, and with hands
 clasped convulsively together. The
 scene w as too harrowing and sacred for
 the eye of a stranger. I rushed from
 the cell, and buried myself in my lodg
 ings, whence I did not remove till all
 was over. Next day James Harvey, a
 victim of circumstantial evidence, and
 of a barbarous criminal code, perished
 on the scaffold.
 Three weeks afterwards, the court
 arrived at u populous city in the west oi
 England. It had in the interval visited
 another assize town, and there Judge
 A— had left three for execution. At
 the trials of these men, however, J had
 not attended. So shocked had been
 my feelings with the mournful event
 which had taken place at that I
 had gone into Wales for the sake n)
 change of scene. After roaming about
 for a fortnight amidst the wild solitudes
 ot Caernarvonshire I took the stage foi
 the city which I knew the court was to
 visit, and arrived on the day previous
 to the opening of the assizes.
 “Well, are we to have a heavy
 calendar:” I inquired next morning oi
 a brother barrister on entering the
 court.
 “Rather light for a March assizes,’
 replied the impatient counsel as he
 hustled onward. “There’s Cartwright’*
 case—highway robbery—in which 1
 am for the prosecution. He’ll swine
 for it, and peihaps four or fivt
 others.
 *’A good hanging judge is A—
 said the under sherff, who at this mo
 ment joined us, rubbing his hands, at
 if pleased with the prospect of a few ex
 ecutions. “No chance of the prophec)
 yonder coming to pass, I suppose?”
 “Not in the least, replied the bust
 ling counsel. “He never looked better
 His illness has gone completely off
 And this day’s work will brighten hirr
 up.”
 Cartwright’s trial came on. I hac
 never seen the inan oefore, and wai
 not uware that this was the same persor
 whom Harvey had incidentally told me
 he had discharged for thett; the truth
 being, that till the last moment of bit
 existence, (hat unfortunate man, hat
 not known how much he had beer
 a sacrifice to this wretch’s malice.
 Ihe crime of w hich the villain now
 stood accused was that of robbing a
 farmer ol the paltry sum of eight shih
 lings, m the neighborhood of Ilfra
 combe. He pled not guilty, but put in
 no defence. A verdict was recordec
 against him, and in due form, A— sen
 tenced him to be hanged. An expres
 sion ot fiendish malignancy gleamec
 over the haggard features of the fclof
 as he asked leave to address a few
 words to the court. It was granted
 Leaning forward, and raising his heav)
 scowling eyes to the Judge, he thus be
 gan: “There is something on m)
 uuno, my lord—a dreadful crime—
 which, as I am to die for the eight ahih
 U Hf I took from the farmer, I mar at
 well confess \ou may remembei
Harvey, my lord, wh«m you had hang
 ied the other dav at-
 “What of him fellow replied tba
 I judge, his features suddenly flushing
 crimson.
 ij “Why, my lord, only this—that he
 I was as iunocent of the crime for which
 i you hanged him as the child yet un
 bom! I did the deed! I put the wutch
 in his trunk!” And to the unutterable
 I horror of the entire court he related the
 whole particulars of the transaction, the
 origin of his grudge against Harvey,
 and his delight on bringing him to the
 gallows.
 “Inhuman, execrable villain!”
 j gasped the judge in extreme excite
 ment.
 “Cleverly done though! Was it not,
 rny lord?” rejoined the ruffian with
 bitter irony. “The evidence, you
 I know, was irresistible; the crime as
 (clear as the sun at noonday; and if, in
 such plain cases, the jnst and necessary
 j law was not enforced, society would be
 dissolved, and there would he no se
 curity for propeity! These were your
 j words, I think. How on that occasion,
 I admired your lordslup’sjudgment and
 eloquence! Society would be dissolved
 if an innocent inun w ere not hanged !jHa!
 —ha!—ha! Capital!—capitnl!” shout
 ed the ferocious felon with demoniac
 glee, as he marked the effect of his
 words on the countenance of the
 judge.
 “Remove the prisoner!” cried the
 .sheriff. An officer was about to do 30;
 1 hut the judge motioned him to desist.
 His lordship's features worked convul
 sively. He seemed striving to speak,
 but the words would not corne.
 “I suppose, my lord,” continued
 Cartwright in low and hissing tones, as
 the shadow of unutterable despair
 grew and settled on his face— “I sup
 pose yon know that his wife destroyed i
 herself. The coroner’s jury said she;
 had fallen accidentally into the water, j
 I know better. She drowned herself
 under the agonies of a broken heart! I
 saw her corpse, with the dead baby in
 its arms; and then I felt that I was
 lost! Lost, doomed to everlasting per
 dition! But, my lord”—and here the I
 wretch broke into a howl wild and ter- i
 rific—“we shall go down together—
 down to where your deserts are known.
 A—h—h! that pinches you, does it?—
 Hound of a judge! legal murderer!,
 coward! I spurn and spit upon thee?”i
 I The rest of the appalling objurgation
 was inarticulate, as the monster foam
 ing and sputtering, was dragged by an
 officer from the dock.
 Judge A— had fallen forwards on
 his face, fainting and speechless with
 the violence of his emotions. The i
 black cap had dropped from his brow.
 His hands were stretched out across*
 the bench, and various members of the
 bar rushed to his assistance. The
 court broke up in frightful commo
 tion.
 Two days afterwards the country
 paper had the following announce-!
 ment;
 “Died at the Royal Hotel. on
 the 27th instant, Judge A—, from an
 access of fever supervening upon a 1
 disorder from which he had imperfectly j,
 recovered.” h
 The prophecy was fulfilled!
Bathing. —‘Citizens of manufactur
 ing towns, who dwell in an atmosphere
 of copperas and cotten-furz, and coal
 smoke and unsavory zephyrs from
 ‘raging canal,’ ought to bath often. In
 stead of this, half of them encase them
 selves in ‘greasy flannel, from Janu
 ary to June and June to January, and
 dodge the water as if they had the hy
 drophobia. The other half take a duck
 about once a year, and then run home
 os ii frightened by their own cleanliness.
 Hence we hear of dyspepsia, colds,
 fevers and the like, in spite i,f the tons
 ot ‘intalliable remedies’ which are an
 nually swallowed, at great expense of
 grimaces and cash.’
 The Benefits of Heresy.— The
 Providence Journal says: “We are
 fond of heresy. A strong man breaking
 away from an old creed, is as a clap of
 thunder in the dog days. He purifies
 the air.’’
-liiucvtiscmcnts.
 Arnold's Patent Window-Sash Lock.
 THIS article, designed as a fastener for windows,
 J- is the most desirable tiling of the kind ever in
 vented, and meets with universal favor wherever
 known. AH who examine the Lock admire it*
 simplicity and adaptedness to the purpose intended.
 The object of this advertisement being to cal! the
 attention of the public to an examination of it*
 merits, the patentee will substitute for am de.crip
 imii or endorsement of in# own, tlie following cer
 tiiicate signed by the Mayor aud Postmaster ol
 Rochester, the First Judge of Monroe County, the
 various hardware merchants, and other scientific
 aan business men oi Rocliester:
 CERTtriCAtK.
 Rocliester, Nov. 29, IS4B.
 We, the undersigned, citizens of Rochester, be
 ing acquainted witii tiie Window Sash Lock re
 cently invented by. Mr. W in. E. Arnold, of this
 city, take pleasure in recommending it to the public,
 it l*ing, in our opinion, decidedly preferable to anv
 other we have ever seen. The principle on wbicL
 it operates appears to be correct. The bolt moves
 by its own weight ami yet lire horizontal or nearly
 #&lt;&gt;,—is only enclosed by a box of Russia siieet-iron,
 forming a perfect Window Fastener, holding the
 window up or down, w ithout the aid of a spring or
 screw. It is a-iapted to any common sized sash,
 and when put in, which i« very quick and easily
 done, lias no appearance of e»er getting out of or
 der, and works with die roost perfect ease- The
 difficulties which iiecessarilv arise from springs, and
 a!-'J those that have heretofore been made to move
 by their own weight, being entirely obvtatod in
 this. It oaly needs to be know nto go into general
 se.
 PG Dochan._ L A Ward, Pa rim Perrin,
 Ebenezer Watts James P Fogg Forsyth
 E F Church, A S Alexander, A KAmsdeo,’
 Wm Bui, lined, J Haves, S Mows,
 Bryan, R S Crompton J A W-xaudev,
 J C Child, R Dibble, Henry Searl,
 Wm M Sl .ane, W Longwortby, Lemuel Ciaike,
 Isaac Butts, A Mann, A Strong,
 Elliott Fitch, J E Cneeney, D A Watsoo,
 Rufus Keeler, S Richardson, Platt C Veille,
 I. Ward 5-unth Samuel Miller, L K Faulkner,
 Hiram C Smith, H Sugget, H Hunter,
 CeuikatPa from D, C. McCalllm and Hepri
 SesRL, Distinguished Architects.
 The tndersighried would represent, that for th&lt;
 last for the last 15 years be has been ferniliar with
 the various kinds of window fasteuiugs which hart
 iieen from time to time aveoted, all of which havt
 j been imperfect in some part-cular. I have recently
 examined and tested a w induw fastener invented by
 Wm. E. Arnold, of this city, which for ease of at
 [tachmenr, durability, economy, and adaptation ic
 the purpose, exceeds anyth mg of the kind wbiek
 I las come under my notice. D. C. M'CzUOl
 I Rochester, April 55,1849.
 Having examined the Sash Lock recently patent
 .«Iby U in, E. Arnold, of this city, i gave it as
 j o»y opinion, that it po—tssm uualmcs that renderi
 |it for superior to any thing uf tie kind that I hast
 and that it wilt so recommend itself to tin
 public and that it will go into general use.
 Hmi Scam, Architect
 Rocbetter, May, 1840.
A*tlm for the Sick vbo w«*
 fiard to tkeir beds fna lt«90 yMi*.
 DR. HAMILTON'S HydrPfXdluc tad Aomtyt*
 Ar* linn. No 117 Exchange Street. tb*
 Orphan AtvKm, Rorh«w. S .Y. This Wirotron
 u now firmly a ß.i ia wwifal opera*
 tioo. The proprietor analyses every di*oa» e bat ia
 •daattsd there, and apptka the natoml tod appro
 priate remedy. Although water ia oard ia wry way
 tiwt i.* applied in any w alar-care eetsbhahraent in
 &gt;lw United States, vet the proprietor w Ultra it to he
 evpre*ahr understood that it u not rHied oa the sr.lg
 or principal iemedy in the treatmeot ofdiaeese *ub
 miitt-d to bj« care.
 Tbi« F.&lt;ubii«hment is designed fw that ftet of
 invalids aho have foiled to obtain their health by all
 oilier stems «f practice, an*l are still uoabk to
 walk or stand on tbeir feet, and are confined to their
 '"**ds, weans* out a iife of misery awl suffering with
 not any hope nferer being anv letter.
 Tlw reinedie&lt; nts le sire of in thia Institution not
 only entirely remove dima.«e Init fire increased
 •trenstli and* elasticity to the system. Many Iwve
 Iwrn tirimgbf here from different parte of the oun
 try, who had neither walked or borne their weight
 on Ibe r feet from five to fifteen yeara; and souu
 who b.ive lieen unable to dress of undress. or even
 to feed themselves, and in the coarse of a few weeks
 would lie walking with the elasticity of youth and
 the quickness of a pedestrian, astonished at them
 selves, and surprising their fiienda and ail who saw
 them when they first came. The treatment of this
 Institution is particularly calculated to remove the
 diseases peculiar to females, such as
 Ist. llie falling of the Womb, in all its stages
 and conditions in patients, from twelve yeara of age
 up to sixty, and even if they have lieen confine*! to
 their bed* from one to twenty, unable to stand, walk,
 dress, or tindres* t lie ruse Ives or even 100 feeble tu
 Ijear any noise or speak aloud.
 2d. Weakness and Falling of the Rowels; Pain
 in tl*o Side, Shoulders, Back and Head* Spinal
 i Diseases, Liver Complaints, Sinking Sensation at
 the Stomach, Palpitation ot the Heart, Dyspepsia
 'in all its forms anti stages, Piles, Costivencss, Di
 arrlitea, Suppression of the Menses, Excessive
 j Menstruation, Whites, ail Nervous Discuses, Cokl
 Feet ami i lands, St. Anthony’s Dance, Tetters of
 all kinds, Salt Rheum, in it* woisi forms, Neural
 gia, Tic Douloureux. Rheumatism, Consumptiod in
 its fit at stages. General Weakness and Debilitv.
 The proprietor lias given Ins whole attention to
 the above diseases for the last ten years,' and has
 treated them in an entirely different way from any
 other private practice or public Institution in this
 I country ami has been his success, and so cer
 tain are his remedies in their effects on those dis
 eases, that instead of publishing a long list of cer-
 I tifich cures, he wishes to give that class of invalids
 seeking to obtain their health a sufficient guarantee
 against any false pretensions, exaggeration, impo
 sitioii or deception, so tliat no one need be to any
 expense in this Institution without being benefited
 The proprietor will enter into a special contiac.
 with any one who wishes to do so, that he will ad
 mit into the Institution, to advance the money and
 pay all the expenses from any part of the United
 States here and back home again, before he com
 mences the treatment, and give a bond to board them,
 together with his professional services, for nothing,
 if he does not help them according to contract. Any
 one thinking the alwvc proposition not a sufficient
 guarantee against misrepresentations and expense
 i without receiving equal benefit, car. let the proprie
 tor know what wil. be satisfactory, and it shall be
 duly co sidcred.
 This Institution has grown up from private prac
 tice by the influence of those who have been helped
 here, as nothing has ever been published before;
 and the proprietor means tliat it shall sustain itsel.
 by its own merits, or pay the expense of those who
 choose to make a confact in case of failure. The
 design of (his Circular is not to make known the
 ernes that have been made in this institution, because
 they must soon lie believed; but 10 let it lie more
 extensively known to the poor suffering invalids
 that have spent hundreds of dollars in trying all
 other systems of practice, and without much* or any
 1 benefit, and still remain confined to their beds from
 five to twenty years, that there is an Institution
 whose treatment is different from any other one the
 j United States, and is particularly adapted to their
 situation, and can have it cost them nothing unless
 they are materially benefited.
 From the nature of treatment in this Institution,
 tlie number of patient* must be limited, therefore the
 proprietor does not solicit tlie patronage of slight and
 ordinary rases w hich may be easily helped by othei
 systems of practice; nor does he want any one to
 come, unless they wish to get weli, and are willing
 to lie made well 'enough to walk from five to twentj
 miles at a time, and follow it up day after day in
 succession; and also willing to lie made able to en
 dure as much labor and fatigue as most of peoplr
 that call themselves well, as he means that every
 one that goes through a thorough course of treatment
 in the Analytic Institution shall show by their in
 creased strength, elasticity of motion, firmness ol
 texture, capability of endurance, and improved
 health, tliat the treatment in this Institution is found
 ed on the natural laws of organized muter, and
 .consequently its superiority over every other dif
 ferent System of practice.
 All communications addressed to Dr. THOMAS
 HAMILTON, Rochester, post paid, will receive
 j immediate attention. If requested, reference will
 lie made to those who have been helped in (his Insti
 i jut ion and also good references as to responsibility
 j orthe proprietor to meet the above expenses if,
 acquired.
“Every Man bis own Physician.”
 THE HOME DOCTOR.
 TUST PUBLISHED, a new and valuable bool
 u for ever}- family in the country, and one that ma&gt;
 tie consulted with perfect safety. As its title paei
 indicates, it is “THE HOME DOCTOR, or Famili
 Manual, giving the causes, symptoms and treatmen'
 of Diseases; with an account of the system while it
 health, and rules for preserving that s'tate. Appen
 dedto which are recipes for making various medi
 1 cities anti articles for diet for the sick room. Tht
 whole written for genera! use and dailv practice, b\
 John B. Newman, M. D.”
 Also, accompanying this book, or separate, ii
 “THE HERB BOOK, a book devoted exclusive!’
 to lierU, giving their names, varieties, description
 .medical properties and doses, use, time of gathering
 and many oilier directions very useful for every lam
 ily to know and written expressly for family use.”
 i The Herb Book is devoted solely to Popular Mhl
 j cal Botany, and will furnish on that point all thi
 nesired information wanted for general use.”
 File two books are put up and bound together ant
 contain 200 pages, price 25 cents, or sold separati
 at 12 j cents.
 The symptoms of each disease are carefully given
 so t.iat oue may be recognized from another, to phi
 I 'cut practising iu tlie dark; also the treatment ,j
 sketch ol general physiology, and rules for keepsei
 in health, together with observations on theircausoe
 means of avoiding deleterious influences, and snu&lt;
 other remarks as are deemed appropriate, for b**i
 i male audftnuilr.
 The Is,ok ha? been written with great care, in a
 plain, simple, common-sense style easily to be un
 derstood by every person, ant! by a practical physi
 cian and a thorough butaiiin. V\&gt; can recommend
 it with entire couhdence, as being a work superior
 in all respects to any other book of the kind ever
 published at the price.
 i Families in the country, and especially those liv
 mg in new countries and unhealthy eliuiatcs, should
 not fail to procure a copy and have it at all times at
 hand, in case of sickness a* tliey might thereby b\
 some simple remedy save an ex pens j v e and protrac
 ted doctors bill. Wiiether well or sick, such a book
 should lie in every house a* a safe and sure adviser
 in time of need, the direction given for persons iu
 Jth caurmt Ire too strictly attended to by all.
 1 ne price at which the hook wid is so low that
 every family mav have a copy, and none should Ire
 without it.
 1 lie Isx.k is put up in Paper binding, and can
 easily lie sent by mail. Postage only 64 cents to any
 ■art ,»f the United States.
 GsP Any person sending us one dollar by mail, and
 purl (raying postage on the letter, shall have four
 Copies sent him fret of portage.
 tkad m your orders*, there is do risk m sending
 moacy by mail, it couies to us datly, and the books
 aJ '£L*r CaCh ihV destination.
 **®‘hea can club together and send a
 d have luur book* sent to one address.
 ANTED—Agents in most of the States to sell
 Lots work, almost everv frmiiv will purchase it il
 f*"™ •Im 'A small capital of from a2u
 to v.aU will be necesaarv lor each agent. Addieas,
 pout GEO w FISHER,
 April 1,1a4®. g Exchange-st, Rod Hester, N. Y.
 NORTHAMPTON WATER CURE.
 rpiij.- E rtri cUy mud Hydropathy.
 I HE public are respectful}* informed, that sines
 A the deduction* of the learned Dr
 31 east, ol Lojort College, Gt., mnd
 experiments ot kjr. Hruurrtr of England,* bars
 recently and indubitably established tae fret, tha
 the conclusions at which the undersigned arrived bi
 die tense of touch, ra 1844, are in harmony will
 natural and physiological laws—to wit, that thi
 human hudy, m a healthy condition, is in a postffri
 eunrual mate, and that the electrical emanation!
 from the cuticular surface, indicate health, or tin
 symptoms aad character of disease—there is son*
 reason to hope, that certain physicians, ignorant a
 these principles or natural laws, a knowledge a
 wbwh ‘s essential to the safe aad intelligent practici
 w the healing art, will cease their vociferation
 against the rosiTivx ilxctkical start of tht
 tnernn body, and wifi hesitate to dissuade thoss
 whom tap- have tailed to relieve of their complaints
 Iroia seeking nature's remedy at the IVoBTUanr
 top H art a Co a*. The. aMlße d by the Ugh
 the wadaraigaed may be permitted hen
 Ito1 to "P** 1 kts cxperiesKc, that, in all caaee where tfr
 i or lasi, are In the electre-aenttn
 rirr- the yomtt of amt*,
 u. w, a** “tTi. sJ’SSJjMR
state, lw»w&gt; disarranged. iter* is groaiad to b«tv
 for near*.
 Had sol the results of past year*’ pnctir*
 already convinced tte public of the safety or trwte
 fulness of tte principles by which tte aadereifned M
 governed, ia detecting the »&gt;mpteen« awl cbratui
 of disease, and practising tte care, tte recent soeit
 tific tennstmHm of their corrector*#, by Fit/ne r
 Metw and Mr. Hemmer, could not fail to convince
 tte Bwt incredulous.
 Gratefully appreciating tte credit eo generoastr
 awarded for his sucre** -u a Hydropathic Practi
 te&gt;oer, by a diacerning public, and tte ~mntu&lt;l*
 evinced by those whom be ter ted tte ptesjrr to
 relieve ot thrir complaint*, the underngurd will
 assiduously endeavor to *ii*tain the credit,and merit
 that rnfitwh, in the rase ot every invalid who may
 afford him an opportunity to effect a core, in J»i«
 o r jfi“»l *“d philosophical method of practice.
 The Northampton Water Cirt i» "Mo
 ated near Bensonvili*, on ,1* wtH wn k Licking
 Water, or Mill River, about two ami a ball miles
 fro® tte centre of tte town, ft it conveniently
 arranged, with separate parfor*, bathing awl dress*
 ing-rooras, for Ladies and Gentlemen, ucll ventil
 ated and conveniently furnished lodging rooms, and
 a variety of baths, Applied with water, winch, for
 abundance, purity, awl adaptedness to water-cure
 purposes, is unsurpassed by that of any utter cta-
 Mishrnent in this country. Tte scenery in this
 vicinity is picture sejur and romantic Titer* arc a
 variety of pleasant walks, sufficiently retired, to
 allow water-cure pat.eot, to appear as ttev ohm, Id,
 plainly dressed, enjoying their nuubks without
 being exposed to public gaie or observation
 Among the complaint* which are here saccessfolU
 treated, are Iteadache, tendency of blood to tin* tea.),
 cold extremities, genera! am! nervous debility, bron
 chitis, pulmonary affection, liver complaint, iao,,.
 dire, acute or chrome iiitlamuuuiou of Inc tewrl*.
 piles, dyspepsia, general debility, aervoui and spm.il
 affections, inflammatory ami chronic tteuuiati*m.
 neuralgia, sciatica, Line limbs, paralysis, levers, salt
 rheum, serntufous ami erysipelas humors.
 All patients who visit tius establishment fi&gt;r .1
 course of treatment, should furui.-h themselves with
 three comfortables, tbiee woolleii blankets, one «t
 two linen and three cotton sheets, two pillow case',
 six or eight crash towels, some well worn linen, to
 cut for fomentations, an old cioak or mantle, an um
 brella, ami a pair of slip|*ers.
 Terms for treatment ami board arc s‘s 50 to
 $8 50 |x;r week, payable weekly—washing extra.
 A patient who from choice or the character of !ii»
 complaint, occii|&gt;ies a room alone on the third floor,
 will pay S? 8 00 per week—on tiie first and serum!
 floors, ;j?8 SO per week, Patient* requiring extra
 attention or fire in their rooms, (except for swath
 ing purposes,) will furnish their own nurses and fuel,
 or pay an extra price.
 I) HIGGLES.
 Northampton, March 1848.
 N.B. Visitors to tte Establishment, from the
 east, west, or south, can take tte cars of the Conn.
 River Railroad at Springfield. Carriages will
 always be in readiness at the Northampton depot, to
 convey them hither.
 The human blood, in a normal and healthy con
 dition of the human system, is in a positive state,
 which is constantly maintained by the activity of tin
 gene rating sources within—an excess generally- pass
 ing off in silence from the cnticular surface, so mat
 out of 356 experiments made bv Mr. Hetnmer ol
 England,upon the uncovered skin,” 322 indicated
 the presence of positive electricity. This surplusage
 of the fluid upon the surface, vve Itelievc to te imlis
 pensahle to the healthful condition of the wiiob
 animal economy, and that when, from any cause, is
 ee diminished or ceases, diseased 'action ensues.'’
 Geoaddress, delivered before the Medical College ot
 isSrgia, at the opening of its annual session, Nov.
 8, 1847, by A. Means, A.M., M.D., Professor ot
 Chemistry and Pharmacy, and Professor of Physical
 Science m Emory College, Ga., |&gt;agc 25
 AT HO L HATER CERE.
 THE Subscriber begs leave to call tie attention
 of Invalids, especially those suffering from
 chronic disease, to his hydropathic establishment in
 Athol, Mass.
 His house was opened for the reception of patient
 last season, and it is believed offers excellent facili
 ties for a philosophic and thorough course in hydro
 pathy. The supply of water is abundant, and ir
 parity has been pronounced equal to water on a
 distilled.” The location is quite eligible, being but
 a short distance from the V. &amp;M. railroad. Thr
 vicinity- abounds in a variety of scenery, and hm
 charming grounds for walks and rambles. So that
 with the water, suitable regimen, mountain air, anf
 exercise, patients can scarcely fail to obtain the
 healthful results for which they labor.
 Tte following ease illustrates this remark. Mrs.
 8., wife of Dea. 8., of Warwick, Mass., aged
 about thirty-five years, was brought to me last
 August. Her case presented the followin'; pheno
 mena. If placed in an erect position, and left un
 supported, xbc forthwith fell backward to the
 ground. If being well supported, she made an
 effort to walk, either foot, when carried forward,
 despite her efforts to the contrary, would cross the
 other. She had lteen in title condition nearly a
 year. Her treatment commenced the 16th of Sept.,
 and was continued to the 25th Oct. onlv, when she
 left, so far recovered as to be able to walk half a
 mile with ease. Since her return to her family, she
 has continued her bath*, with corresponding im
 provement to her health. She now attends to Iter
 domestic duties, and with the assistance of a xinall
 girl, does the work of her family.
 Patients are desired to bring three comfortables,
 one pair of woollen blankets, one pair of sheets,
 half a dozen towels marked, with &lt;,ld Imen tor
 bandages.
 Terms, from five to ten dollars per week, afford
 ing to the necessities or choire of the patients.
 Those who are less particular in the selection ot
 rooms, or are willing to occupy them in common
 with others, will be charged less.
 Athol, March, 1848. GEORGE HOYT.
 British Periodical Literature.
 The Ijcmdon Quarterly Rtcitu the Edinburgh Renew,
 The North British Renew, the Westminster Renew,
 end Blackwood's Edinburgh Magazine.
 T'HE widespread fame of these splendid periodi
 cals renders it needless to say mueii in their praise.
 As literary organs, ttev stand far tu advance of
 anything of the sort now published, w hile the polit
 ical complexion of each is marked by a dignin,
 condor, and forbearance, not often found in work
 of a party character.
 They embrace the views of the three great parties
 in England—Tory, Whig, and Radical. Black
 wood amt the London Quarterly are Tory; tte
 Edinburgh Review Whig; and the Westmin
 ster Review Radical. The North British Re
 view is more of a religious character, having been
 originally edited by Dr. Clialmers, and now, since
 hie death, being conducted by his son-in-law Dr.
 Hanna, associated with Sir David Brewster. Its
 literary character is of the very highest order. The
 W estminster, (hough reprinted umier that title onlv,
 is publiseed in England uuder the title of The for
 eign Quarterly anu Westminster—it being in fart a
 union of the two Reviews formerly repubteted and
 reprinted under separate titles. It has, therefore,
 the advantage by tius combination ol* uniting in one
 work the best features of both as heretofore issued.
 The above Periodicals are reprinted in New York,
 immediately on their arrival Icy tte British steamers,
 in a beautiful clear type, on fine white paja-i, and
 are faitbfolcopies of the originals, Blackwood’s
 Magazine, fating an exact facsimile of tte Edinburgh
 edition.
 RICES FOR 1649, (If SUBSCRIBED FOR EARbY.)
 For any one of tte four Reviews, S 3 U 0 per annum.
 For any two &lt;fo s(g)
 For any three do 700
 For ail four of the Reviews, 8 00
 For Blackwood’s Magazine, 3 00
 For Blackwood and the 3 Reviews, 900
 for Blackwood k the 4 Reviews, 10 00
 Payments to fjg made in all cos's in odrvnrr.
 CLUBBING.
 Four copies of any or all the above work» tv 111 b
 seat to one address on payment of the regular sub
 script ion for three—the fourth copy being gratis.
 EARLY COPIES
 A late arrangement with the British publishers of
 Blackwood a Magazine secures to os eartv «becu of
 that work .by which we shall be able to 'piece the
 entire number m the hands of voider. hers before any
 portion of‘t can te reprinted in any of the American
 Journals, for this and other advantages secured to
 our subscribers we pay to large a consideration,that
 we mav te compelled to rate tte price of tte. Maga
 sine. Therefore we repeat “subscribe early while
 the price is low.
 Remittances and communication* should te aiwavs
 addressed, postpaid or franked, to tte publnhers,
 LEONARD SCOTT k CO?
 70 Fulton street, New York.
11-LI AM B. LOGAN, Dealrr in Faahjonabie
 1* Boots and Hhuee, 80, Purvbase Street, New
 prolord*
 L. keep* constantly on htad a good u*ort&gt;
 ooeiu, and will sell cheap for each, Strict attention
 p*id to rtMtofß'Btaile work, by Meter*. Parker and
 Dam
GENTEEL BOARDING UOISC.
 pH ARLES HIGHGATE, ««eid respectfully .a-
 Hina hi* friend* and the public, tl&lt;at nc continue*
 to derate every aueatfon to (hoe* pkasad to fov o
 *'haus” with a caJL The house i* pkwaaath
 located at 882 Broadway, Aibauv.
 Feb. 18, LB4B. 7
\I7ABHLNGTON’B Dafaerriaa Gallery, Us,
 l lffi*** BW lU^*] Hanford'
w P ft T F f? T T
 IXSI Jf-I.EGAL »WI SES AMD LEGAL
 (IRE
 tY SARDS*
 KK Fa,M il A ofn jmnniilrt
 ‘•UtJ i? vrr r t -YfKahie production."—
 *£V 41 1* J ’ft n,ir *K m» of Jf r Shvxw-r
 ZTd' ~T?L T A ,wfai
 1 C f ;i "ho
 litrowd rdrpowlroco—
 i/riges*. t 7 .!—r*.; entire ft** r
 01 A r ‘,h*.h*» depth
 f ron, P* M f:tr *7«l»d any one whose
 bar? met our eve m a long tirne.”
 Hiwit’* .Merchant’* Maniw It
 in hold and origi'-al tho»rht«. cmvm* t
 poTcrfy arc Mated, awl a »W&gt;er of
 junior bearing or’ Sir «uh;* *,b do*,,- »nd r i
 wd*&gt;. we mmirirr it a n mb well
 affiordim a- it doc* many vslmble him. toUwViL
 man amt poln&gt;rai rcotKHniet
 The Bangor Gazette s/.v»- n
 h original vi rk. from Ik ..f %&gt;r s
 F.nq.—author of that pnwrtf.il 1»,4 whirh We
 ■orates tl*- tuKoiintitutionafitv f American SUvm
 Tli?re is no writer oi tin* n^e.of io* n ’ai W
 searching than Spooner.,' This ixw work i«
 tnK&gt;i to lead to a re examinaton of alt termer
 tonic of political economy At fr«&gt; Nt&gt;4i iM e 0...
 tnmiral proposition* strike it* sustainable— ai 1 t
 t!ey are *o. hi* work will prevail, arJ preface ir
 important rrvnfotion in the preset! prevutinr v
 tom.
 Fverv one *i»M*Ui rend it."
 BEEV MARSH, r j&gt; ,j„ rt p^, t
 Part 1. Price 25 Cent*.
 llarl’s Y reef a hie I \	mi
 fe the onh remedy thru cant, rr lieu on f-r 1i,,-
 |*ni.aneut cureol Sj .wimdu roni;: i tio»«, r j f
 ti..n of the Ncrv .Nert ms &gt;i, k Hcadadie
 Nervous Tremors. Nenialgir Ath eiw»,:c. tire*! a
 l*etMlit\. I 4 M ;ir, i f ]t ,CH 1 I'tei
 t&gt;’&gt;» atHl ail rti i!' litcmdria. incic»' j-p li.e iik.,
 dreadful of all discioe-* that »fleet tl.e tatnitiii-t n
 Ejilrp*!, ~T F»il.»z I l|4&gt;
 Comuicionc, Spa.Mi c. It well known, thu:’
 Lorn ftme imn etnoi i:d. Pl tcician* hnt, rt»iMc.;nce,i
 Kpilc) lie Fitj inu.rahlc. it Un* haftle.i alt theo
 skill, and the Roasted lower nl all medicine, ~nj
 consi tjucutlv thuosrmiis iiate si lo icd thniogh n uh,
 erableexistence, and a! last yielded cp tlieir lit, o;
 the Alter of Jtis/ vii i —'J in- jn j rit torol die ejjef
 able F.xtrart, hr-wt r, feels tni delieaev in sating
 that it ran le lie would, therefor*, respect
 hilly invite litsicia.is, and ail others who are latci
 ested, to e\ain»'tc the test:mem w hicti i- here cfieri,!
 If it is deception, let it be exposed; but if n
 true, ilten in the name of humanity, m&gt; longer In n
 ire said that Mp&gt;i!e| sy is im tnaMe.
 Hrort’s 1 rgrtnble Extract. —For sixteen rears,
 has been rested hv inanv jarrons who have m"tii
 w itli tins dieadful disease, and in vei t ease wlw .e
 it has had a lair trial, has e flee led a j»t majiini
 cure.
 o|. Denslotvol honkers, \cw =tate, ti at
 Ids daughter lias Isen afllirted tsiilt Fite for mote
 than nine years, and Ini'Uen ruied b\ die use of
 the Vegetal'ie Kxtntet.
 Mrs. J. Ptiuley, ll.iOiclianl street, JVew Voik,
 states that she has I» en subject to Kits foi limit)
 yeais, and has Ittn rc.-toied to p* elect health (after
 eyeiy other means had failed) f\ the uer of tls
 egetable Extmet.
 l)r. Charles A. I'totvii, of Dover, Russell eo.,
 Alabama, who one ol the best I'lnsiciauA in ilm-
 Mate, says t hm he has I ecu much iVnefilted b\ the
 use ol the egelalde F.Mract, and tliat he unheeitnt
 ingiy (iieM iihcs it in every ease of F.pilepsv which
 comes under Ids knowledge.
 urti* ti. Mayljeny, Ksq., forn.eily Postmaster
 at Lime Mills, t raw ("id (Vi., Pa., now living in
 Lrie Co.. Pa., stains that for many y"ars past h»*
 has Ix-cii sorely alllintrd with Fits, ami he in now
 liappy to stait that n ergevering use of Dr. llait’s
 Vegetal le Hxtcm t. has restored him to sound health,
 lieing entirety ftt-ed tiom tliat worst of all diseases.
 Judge Km.d.dl, Id!) I Icon stM’et.New Vork,
 having med t|:e V.gi t.d.le Lximet stiecessfullv in'
 hie family highly in ommt uds n to all persons who
 are afflict d w itfi fit*.
 VI. Sn pi eu F. P.att, n,,i i; r f Sixth Aveuuu
 and Twenty-Sixth stiret, .New York, slates that
 Mr. 1a..-, 11 1 htu nd:&lt; i ..f his family h«.»
 Uen so severely .dliicou with Kpileptie Fit* for
 many years, that be was obliged to iclinquish Ijm
 business. Having u.&gt;ed Dr. Hart’* Vegetable Ex
 tract (says Mr. Piatt,) he was soon restored to
 perfect health, and lelt tins city for the State of
 Ohio to resume his business.
 Ilev. Mr. Smith, Hector of St. Peters Churcn,
 Spotsvyoyxl, Alew Jersey, who lian been aflbeted
 w itli Epileptic Fits lot more than fbrtv rears, elates
 that he has used Dr. Hart’s Vegetable Extract, and
 his health has been so much improved that lie holies
 by Divine blessing, to have no more Fit*.
 Epileptic Fur. —p f r twenty-seven years and six
 months, cored by the use of this truly wonderful
 medicine.
 He.id the following rtii.aikalile en-e of the son ol
 Win. Secote, Ksq, of Philadelphia, afflicted witii
 Epileptic Fits twenty-seven years and six mood's
 After travelling through F.iigland, Scotland, Ger
 many und France, eiinsulting the mo*t eminent
 physicians, and exp* tiding lor mcdii me, medical
 treatment and adv ice three liiousand dollars, returned
 with his son to tins country in MovemU’r last., with*
 out receiving any lienelit w hatevt r, and was cured
 by lining Ytg,tnhU Fxtrart.—\ have spent
 over three ilmit'Cmd dollars lor mei.irirte and tnetlieal
 attendance, i was advised to take a tour to Eu
 rope with him which i did. I fust visited England,
 I consulted the most rmiiu nt physician* tlicre iu
 re»pect to hi, case; they xatniued him ami pre*cn
 l(*-.l .iccordingly. I remained there thiee monihi
 without perceiving any change for the better, which
 cost me about two hundred and fifty dollar-*, pocb
 ctefl by the physicians, and die must that i icceived
 was their opinion that mv mi 'a ease was hopeless,
 and POfSITIVEU l.\Ol H AHi.E. 1 accordingly
 hit England tiavell* d lltrc.tigii 7-totland, flerniauv
 and Fiance, and returned imii.e in tin- month ot
 .\ovember last, with my eon as la i fi om lx mg cured
 as when I left, I save ymu adveiiisemeot in one ol
 the .New V oi k pnpeis, and concluded to try Hart’s
 V egelable Extract, seeing your statements and
 ceitilicnt* *ol so main cures, some ol twenty and
 iiiirty ycai-s standing, ami I can insure \uii I jui l ot
 sorry I did so, as l y tlm use of Hart's V egetabht
 Exjtatt alone lie was restored to I’EHI ECI
 HF.AI. I 11. ills reason, which wasso far gone as to
 unlit him for business i- entiii ly restored, with tlie
 prospei t now U-loie him of lile, liealtn and useful-
 nes*. He is now 2S vear* of age, and 27 years
 months oi this time ha.* Is en afflicted with tin*
 most dreadful of lot thank find is now
 enjoy ing good health.
 Novi, sir, faith without wotks I don’t Mieve
 in. I o say I shall I? ever grateful to you is one
 thing, and as I here at lose von one hundreddoliat-,
 I Ikivo no doubt but yon will think this another and
 quite a different thing. The debt ol gratitude 1 still
 owe you; but please accept tin* amount a- interest
 at the debt in ad van. e.
 Yours, verv i especthihv,
 (signed) VV I ELIA M SECORE.
 TESTEMOM PON TF&gt;TIMONV.
 In reference to ilie almost rinraculou* thu-aey oi
 tins 11 uly wonderful medieiue, read ll* folk.win*
 .letter from Dr. VV. E. Monroe, «*f Guilfard, Ohio,
 om- of tie- most eminent physician* in that place
 Guilford, Ohio, August 17, ISOh.
 Brotlier laborer iu tlw r uts** of humanity—Dear
 sir. It is ivitit no .-mall tlegre*; &lt;&gt;i plea-uic tliat I
 am enabled to announce to you the complete triumph
 of your intaSuable tnediriae in eases of Epilepsy. 1
 have preserdied it m lour notaoee* m tins vicinity,
 and it ha* lieen highly successful in all. Three o
 die patients, I trust, have be* a radically cured.
 The fourth one is rapidly improving, and will, 1
 think without d&lt;*ubt recover. 1 am not m tlie habit
 of preset _• or rer ommeivhng patent medicine,,
 tail wiau I an artu le wbitch pronu-e* so rnucL
 b*. faring humanity, J feel my duty
 to r.« am., ,-i d I have no iesitahin in say
 ing dial the faculty are fully acquainted
 with the ic, inei it of your rtieoicme, they will
 close siren eyes against prejudice and leivl *vou a
 helping hand!
 1 *utre.crda: tnvaeii votns. smeereiv,
 [MignedJ VV L. MONkOF, M. D
 To Dr. S. Hart, New AV&gt;rk.
THE TIME Irt %OT EAR DISTANT
 W hen thousand* who ary now trembling tiader
 the hand of th»» dreadful disease, and Hmniut that
 fc*er\ attack may pturr foul, will find perm Lem
 relief and be restored to new Ufo, by using thi*
 celebrated medicine.
 OTEH ONE THOI’SAND CERTIFICATE
 Have been received in le.i.moov of the Benefit.!
 ITExSJart lh Dr ,Un
 OTP Prepared be S. HART, M. 1) ffew Vork.
 Price, one package Qf»
 JJ 0 10 0U
 Do mflit package* 20 00
 JJ£ It i* r areiuiiy packed up in buses for traa.
 pomtion, and send to any rnrt of the l'oiled
 Tur*M?^ s.^S tleo, West irw.e*
 I HUM AH fc MILS, it* 4|, UI lrw
 cmiiait, Ohio, General Agent* for the tinted
 States, to whom all comoiuah-atioui must be ud
 crested Post Paid.
 v* v’ ‘i** I*'* 1 Corner of Fulton ami V\ i.iisu. X
 Acw iOf k,
 JJ Wade, Mam at. Pauls Rochester,
 217 Man. street Buffalo,
 rl. it E. Gaylord, Agents for ClereianJ Ofoo.
 Fay k KiUhuurm, Columbus,
 J*Ci £t G« li Hill, lifUvii, Utdiigixi,
 Cunningham, Millwaukie Wi*
 J. R Reed, sod Co., Chicago 111.
 Doe*. T. Huqu, Duhwpie lowa,
 H. Black* lay, amt Co-, St. !miu ,Mo.
 Aad for Bale by most of the priaopal Dngptiu*,
 throughout the V ailed State*.
 THOMAS k MILLS, 1«0 Main street,
 Sep. 22.—1 y Cmcu—U.Ob*#^
