Notices.
 Tor UfM. j
 FREDERICK Doi’OLASS Snd CiiRLM LINOX
 Remoxd will visit Detroit, Mich., on Wed-
 oesday, 4th Juiy, snd will hold three meet
 ings in that city, Wednesday, Thursday, and
 Friday, 4ih, sth. and 6th.
 They will spend Sunday and Monday, Bth
 and 9th July, at Battle Creek, Mich.
 Thov will be in Chicago, HI., on Thurs
 day, Friday. Saturday, and Sunday, 12th.
 13th. 14th, and 15th. and will hold meetings j
 on each evening.
 They will be in Sandusky City, Ohio, on
 Thursday, Friday, and Saturday, the 19th,
 90th, and 21 at July.
 They will be at (Irian Plain, Ohio, Sun
 day. 22d July
 They will be in Columbus on the 25th
 July and will reach Cincinnati on the 27th
 July, and will remain there till after the first
 of August.
 The friends of freedom in all of these
 places are earnestly requested to make the
 necessary arrangements fur meetings. —».d.
 Receipts for the N. Y, State Vigilance
 Committee, since April 28, 1849.
 From Gerrit Smith, Peterboro, N. Y..
 $5OO Free fungi. Church, Cazenovia,
 Y.. 10 f riend* in Lmklaen, Y., per
 Rev. S. Carver, $lO, f riends in ayuga
 Co., N. per S. Marriott, $l5, Friends
 in Cazenovia, N. V., per A. Kingsbury, $9;
 J. Phelps, Griffin's .Mills, si* Fiee Church
 and friends m Sherburne, Y. V., per Rev.
 J. W. Fox, $9 37 Friends in Augusta,
 Y $5 1H (’olid, at an S. Convention
 at Eagle Harbor, V V hv If. Anderson,
 $6 \V K. Whining, New York City, $5,
 J. L. Ensign, New York City, $5 T. C.
 Fanning. Games, New \ork, $4; J. Hag
 inan, lag man's Mills, Y., $3;
 Urainard. St. Albans, t., $2: Friends in
 S. ArgvJe, N. Y., $3 Friends in Little
 York, S. Y., $4 W. H. Pillow, N. Y.
 City, $2 50 N. Houghton, Virgil, N. Y.
 $2; Friends in Otisco, N. Y., $1 55 J.
 NY. North, Syracuse, N. Y. $1; A. Clax
 ton, Pliilada. $1 T. Fay. N. Y. City,
 $2 Cash, 75 cts. From sale of books, $2
 50 Collected at Anniversary Meeting, (in
 cluding $2O from Hon. in. Jackson, New
 ton, Mass.,) $B5 98 Total, $096 83.
 The recent liberal donation of the President
 of the Committee has encouraged the Execu
 tive Board to believe that his example would
 be followed by others; and they have accord
 ingly made arrangements and engagements to
 prosecute the objects of the organization on an
 enlarged and liberal scale. To carry out
 these plans, it is indispensable that all who
 sympathize with us shot Id aid us by their
 contributions. The Hoard cannot and will
 not involve the Committee in pecuniary res
 ponsibilities, w hich they are unable to meet in
 a prompt and business-like manner. We have
 begun we!!—vvhether we are to go on or give
 up, depends now upon those who are not
 ashamed to be known as the Friends of the
 Slave.
 Wm. Harmed, Treasurer,
 New York, June 22, 1549. No. 61 John*
 sireet.
 i he following letter has been received from
 jin active friend and coadjutor, on a visit to
 the Nation's Capital, and it is earnestly Imped
 will be read with interest, and produce a
 practical effect upon our friends who have not
 yel responded to the appeal of the Committee:
 Washington, June, 1848.
 Mr. W m Harned, Dear Sir :—lt gave
 tne decided pleasure to hear that you were
 appointed Treasurer of the N. Y. State Vig
 ilance Committee. 1 have also to thank you
 for the information in relation to the designs
 and plans of your Comnmtee. They are
 mu»t happily calculated for efficiency, and to
 afford rebel to the disttessed victims of op
 pression. All you now need is the hearty co
 operation of those who are represented bv
 your Committee, ami to whom you make
 your appeal in behalf of the panting fugitive,
 and the despairing bondman. One might
 reasonably expect the response to be prompt
 and liberal, from those who for 12 or 15 years
 have trained themselves to consider the s ave
 as the most abused man on earth, and them
 selves, if not his only friends, at least the
 most reliable and trustworthy.
 You inform me that Gerrit Smith has sem
 you a draft for Five Hundred Dollars
 Noble act of a noble man 1 All the world
 cry out spontaneously—" That is just like
 Genii Smith The world is ever ready t&lt;
 applaud such acts of disinterestedness ami
 generosity. I only wish that the professing,
 talking friends of the slave and the fugitive,
 could be induced to prepare themselves to d&lt;
 such deeds, "according to their several
 ability.’’ If, however, instead of that, thev
 make Mr Smith’s great liberality an occa
 sion to indulge in indolence, and tight
 handed selfishness, it wdl- prove alike a
 calamity to the slave, and a disgrace 1o them
 selves Ido not believe that ihey will do so;
 Atleast, I should not, if I bad not learned
 from you that less than one hundred and fifty
 dollars tins been received, in reply to you:
 Circular, from all oilier persons in your Em
 pire State, exclusive of what has been collec
 ted in the cities of New York and Brooklyn
 Is that not inexpressibly mean and pitifult
 by your Committee must have at least five
 thousand dollars, to do ihe work, in any decent
 manner, which ought to be done tfie pteseni
 vear.
 How very different it is to stand at a dis
 tance, and read the reports of .Slavery in the
 newspapers, and to lie here, on the spot, ai
 eye and ear witness to the hellish deeds ni
 every day occurrence At the cool North
 one can read, with some composure, of tin
 selling and rending asunder of slave families
 in Washington, or New Orleans. Hut tak
 your stand here, and witness the daily trans
 actions of oppn soon—listen to the talcs ot
 agony and woe that are floated on evert
 breeze. That is altogether another affair I
 wiaii that a were allowed for me to state in
 detail the consolation and relief it is in th«
 power of your Committee to administer, if on
 ly the needed means are afforded them b\
 friends. Hut 1 am not, of course, a
 liberty to go into minute particulars on tin?
 delicate subject. \,,ui friends know why.
 Andwnl certainly be satisfied with genera
 81-itemem;. I may say, however, that sum
 h*ve been instituted, under the directum ol
 your Committee, in the Cucuii Court of ih
 District, in fourdisi net cases, to recover tin
 freedom of 13 or It person* uobeisunr
 from the lawyers that all of these eves an
 Isitly entitled to success, and in ail prolmbil
 ity will be decided favorably. Is the disei.
 thralment, liberation, freedom of i-.urtee'
 young persons an unimportant matter J, j
 not worth an effort—a Contubutiou o
 course it will cost lubor and money Some,
 body must (•ertoriu the one, and s.*mebod\
 must pay the other. It eeema to me mat you
 friends will come forward, if again j. nundei
 oftheir duty, and of the slave's claims upoi
 lh«m. "Hungry—athirst naked- 3 ck—
 stranger in prison” wiil they nut com
 to the relief of "the least ol tlmsc breth
 ren 1”
 1 hope that you will re-direct your Circu
 lar in every instance where it has not beei
 responded to, once every month, until you rt
 ceive at any rate a manly answer You ar
 c*i7&lt;wnly entitled to that at least The recen
 triumph in Drayton’s case is worth a thousam
 times all the money arid privation it has cost
 Y *?t how tardy vC«re Ihe fr,ends of liberty n
 giving to ud m defraying the expense in iha
 instance 1 Tney will sure'y hear, if you »H
 onlv raise your voice of appeal vo the trunipt
 Loae of necesvity
 Yours to; tfte londiLß i,
ftlave Case ta the SiprnM Coart of
 Peaaarlvaala.
 A MUI wu brought to the Cumberland
 County Court, Pa., for enticing away alares
 from Maryland, huboring them, dtc.. and
 undp| lh «*&gt;»rge of the Court, a judgment
 of $B,OOO «u recovered. Tbe following
 is an extract from Judge CoiLTSa'a optnioo.
 It it interesting, at showing the present
 bearing of law in the State of Pennsylvania,
 i oo fugitives from slavery and those who
 wiould assist them in their nghiful effurts to
 tegain their God given manhood There is
 any amount of winding back ard forward,
 i and round and round tixe subject of human
 rights, in this document; but it is perhaps
 as honest and siraighiforward as anything
 i coming t tom a political lawyer can be ex
 pected to be.
 '(his action is instituted at common law,
 leans upon it for support and invokes the aid
 of its principles to sustain its objects and re
 sults Giving to the testimony most ample
 range, it amounts to this and no more That
 the alleged slaves had been removed from
 Arkansas to the State of Maryland in Feb
 ruaty, 1846, from which Slate they escaped
 i during the mgbi, in October, 1547, John M.
 Stake, the relative of the plaintiff, below,
 their agent and witness, staled that he would
 rather have their value, then recapture the
 fugitives; two of whom were men, one with
 a stiff arm two women, three boys, and the
 rest, amounting to thirteen in all, were girls
 three of ihem were at so tender an age that
 the rest were obliged to carry them. Coal,
 a negro, and witness for the plaintiff, testifies
 i that he found these persons in Chambersburg,
 and took them away a&gt; a friend to help
 them along, and prevent them from beiug
 taken. T hey told him, as he testified, that
 they had been slaves in Maryland that they
 were to be sold, and that to prevent their
 sale, they made their escape. He took them
 in the night to Slnppcrisburg, from that to
 Miller's furnace, and finally to Kaufman, and
 put them in his bain in the morning, and shut
 the door, and called Kaufman, who inquired
 what was the matter. Coal told him to come
 to the barn ami he should see. \V hen Coal
 showed Imn the negroes in the barn, Kauf
 man told him to take them away, more than
 once, but finally agreed to let them stay till
 night, and agreed to give them nou.ething to
 i eat. Coal then went to Butler, a negro,
 i and gave his wile notice that he, Coal, wished
 fto go home. That evening the negroes w ere
 1 hauled away in Kaufman’s wagon but to
 what place is not allied in the evidence.—
 The wagon v\ as returned m the night; who
 was the driver is not staled; but it appears
 not to have been Kaufman, w ho was standing
 at the end of the barn when the wagon
 started. Several neighbois, having heard
 that negroes were there, went to see them
 some were witnesses and others not. Guts
 j hall, a witness tor the plaintitF, testified, on
 his cross-examination, that John M. Stake
 offered him one hundred dollars if he would
 I swear that Daniel Kaufman hauled the ne
 groes away and he said he did’nt care a
 damn about the negroes if he could get Kauf
 man. Tins was said at Tnncle Spring
 Tavern Wm. Biown and Samuel Crabti
 were present.
 1 will ask, however, that the true question
 in this aspect of the case ought to be, and is,
 whether hi the State of Pennsylvania a ciii
 i zen who gives a cup of cold water and a
 morsel of bread to famishing women and
 children, and permits ttiem to rest a tew
 hours in his barn, when they are supplicants
 to his mercy, and even gives them a hit in
 his wagon, even if it should turn out that
 they are fugitives from slavery to freedom,
 does by that ofler of mercy and compassion
 break the law, and make himself liable for
 iheir puce in the mart where men, women
 and children aie bought and so d whether
 lie is bound tu let them perish on his own
 land, or drive thuni off to die on the land ol
 his neighbor Are they outcasts from the
 law of mercy and humanity, although they
 have within them that rav fr.. iVvimty,
 which we call a soul, and tu
 hopes and fears, to agony aim j
 But we turn to another aspect of the case
 one winch presents a question which concerns
 the sovereignty of the State—the indepen
 dence of its tribunals and the chatacter of tht
 common law—a question which overmaster*
 all minor points p esented on the record.
 The defendant pleaded to the jurisdictior
 j of the court.
 In 17d0, the Legislature, in gratefui com
 miseraliuu of her then certain prospect ol
 escaping from the house of bondage and the
 hand of the oppreasoi and as the preamble
 to the act rentes, “in consequence thereof,
 i being freed iiom the narrow prejuuices which
 they had imbibed, and feeling their heart?
 enlarged with kindness, and benevolence to
 s men of all conditions and nations,” abolished
 f slavery within her borders as to all people
 thereafter born within her limits From
 that time she has been deemed and taken as
 a lree Stale, and as such assented to the
 compact of union.
 Slavery, then, is recognized and enforced
 here by virtue of that compact alone. The
 voice of her own policy proclaims, so far shall
 thou go but no farther.—The language of
 that compact is—“No person held to servic«
 hi one State under the laws thereof, escaping
 into another, shall, in consequence of any
 law or regulation therein be discharged from
 such service or labor, but shall be delivered
 up on ihe claim of the party to whom such
 service or hibor may be due.” Upon claim
 made by the persons to whom service is due,
 the fugitive shall be delivered up. To w hom
 shall tins claim be made* Undoubtedly to
 ilie person or persons who shall have the
 alleged slave in custody, or who shall at
 tempt to protect him from the owner to whom
 ihe services are due. And as by the compact,
 ilie slave is not discharged from hm service
 by escaping into a free State, the owner or
 Ins authorized agent may pursue and take
 ••ini, w ithout not or breach of the peace, by
 manucaption or reprisal, in any place where
 ihe compact is obligatory, just m the same
 manner as if the recaption was in the slave
 territory.
 This cause ut action, good or bad, is with
 in the jurisdiction of the United Slates’
 Courts, for Congress have power to pass all
 laws necessary to make the claim efficacious
 and commensuiaie with the constitutional
 provision. But u must be done thiough the
 court over which Congress have power, and
 through their instrumentality otheiwisethe
 claim might be rendered abortive, by the de
 cision ol the Slate courts, pursuing their
 own local p&amp;licy. The claim ought, prima
 rily, to be a&gt;sefled in courts whose decisions
 should conclude ihe subject of dispute, and
 &gt;oi in a foreign forum, adverse to the whole
 process it it pursues the feelings and policy
 ns own laws, and the principle of the
 common law. The provisions of the act ol
 I,digress must be pursued in the tribunals
 •I the l lifted States. Then they meet with
 jo warfare bv local legislation, or municipal
 peculiarities.
 But outside the compact we breathe more
 freeiy. e leel the genial influence ut tne
 common law on this subject. The principle
 -prurig fresh and beautuul and perfect from
 ihe mind of Lord Mansfield, to the great case
 »f the negro Somerset, that by the Cummor.
 aw, a slave, of whatever country or color,
 the moment he was on English ground, be
 ame tree—endued wi;h sanctity of reason
 I fus case was drcided bfore tbe Revolution
 *nd became ihe common law of this State.
 alwavt saving and excepting the inroadet tht
 corn pact and compromise. This action, thei
 professes to be founded on the principles ol
 the common law. But by the principles m
 .hai law, the fug lives were free the moment
 when they touched the soil o| Pennsylvania
 All the incidents, accompaniments, and at
 .ributes of bondage fell from around them
 By that law, even p-*rauadmg the fugitives u,
 fly, would bs oo offence to Pennsylvania,
0
 whatever it might be in Maryland.—But the
 •ct of Congress in the 3d section, which
 specifies 'be sets for which damages may be
 recovered, and the penalty incurred, does not
 mention ihst of inching negroes to tun sway;
 and »e must gather the meni and intent ol
 the legislative power, as well fruen what they
 do not nay, aa from that w hiefa they do way.
 It was ruled in the Circuit Court of the
 l ruled S’ttes f«.r the district of Ohio, that if
 a slave escape to a free State, he is free ac
 cording to ihe principle* of the common law,
 and re-caplnrv in a free State is justified only
 by the compact in the Constitution, and the
 act of Longresa. And it was ruled in the
 same case that damages lor harboring sod
 cone r ling a slave in a free State are not
 recoverable at common law.— Yanxandt cr.
 /oner. 2 d Mr Lean. 596
 But it is intimated that although State
 magistrates and judges are not compelled,
 that neverthlewthey may act, if it is Dot coo
 irary to the policy of the Slate. On this
 point, there is some diversence among the
 judges, but I have stated the opinion of the
 majority. Very well, so let it be. The poli
 cy of this State is indicated in the act of 1780,
 in the act of 1826, and in the feelings and
 principles and government of the State.
 Under these circumstances, our Courts are
 interdicted ftom assuming a voluntary juris
 diction, since the act of 1826 has been repudi
 ated and thiown out of Court, as the
 decisions of our tribunals might, and perhaps
 would be, against the claim ot the owner of
 the fugitives. After full consideration, thia
 Court is of opinion, that an action of this
 kind can only be sustained under the act of
 Congress of 17H3.
 That, our State Courts have not jurisdic
 tion of action under the statute.
 And the principles of the common law do
 not sustain any such action in this State.
 The pica to the jurisdiction is therefore
 sustained, and the judgment of the Court of
 Common Picas of Cumberland County, for;
 $2OOO, is reversed.
THE NORTH STAR.
ROCHESTER, JULY 13, 1849
Frederick Dot glass. Probable post
 ponement of his Western Tour. —A letter
 has j ust readied me, written at Windsor, C.
 W\, by a friend of .Mr. Douglass, stating
 that he had been there for three days, sick of
 a low lever and had decided not to go to
 Cincinnati at present. If he recovers
 sufficiently, he will proceed with his proposed
 tour, as far as he can, but no plan had been
 finally resolved upon. The probability is,
 that he wiil return to Rochester as soon as
 his health is sufficiently established to repdeT
 the fatigue of tarvelling practicable.— j. n.
The ever-gionous Fourth.”
 Here we have it. Our Exchanges one
 after another take up the same old song—
 worn-out and threadbare, ridiculous and false.
 “Seventy-three years, (says one) have rolled
 round since the Areopagus of American
 sages met in solemn council, and sent foith
 to the world a document that is still a warn
 ing to haughty rulers, and a beacon-light to
 the oppressed.” This sounds rather lofty, but
 w hat does it mean It means, I suppose,
 when translated into every-day English, that
 it is seventy-three years since the Declaration
 of Indepedence was made by these United
 States. This Declaration also sounds lofty
 well. It cuimnencee with the assertion that
 “all men are created equal,” and entitled to
 ceitain rights, amongst which “Liberty”
 stands pre-eminent W 7 hen translated by the
 light of American practice, for these sixty
 years, what is its reading? “All men are
 not created equal but many are made by
 their Creator, of baser material, and inferior
 origin, and are doomed nowand forever to the
 sufferance of ceitain wrongs—3mongst which
 is Slavery To the man of colored skin
 in this American republic, what is the ever
 glorious Fourth, but a mockery and an insult 7
 Year after year he hears the absurd prating
 about American liberty and equal rights un
 der the “beautiful folds of the Star-spangled
 banner," and there he stands a living and
 suffering witness to American oppres
 sion and wrong—the vilest that ever saw the
 sun. He is at all times and in all places,
 liable to insult and irremediable outrage from
 bis despotic oppressors and most of all is
 this the case on the day that is special!v
 consecrated to “Liberty and equality,” which'
 very probably in white American dialect
 means “filing crackers, flying flags, and!
 makings noise,” as those seem to be the;
 prevalent occupations on the “ever-glorious
 Fourth." I rejsice in American freedom, as
 far as it goes. It is good to possess even a
 measure of freedom and white Americans
 have undoubtedly a larger proportion than
 most other nations. Rut 1 think it would be
 well hereafter, when reference is made to the;
 Declaration of Independence, in connexion I
 with the “gloiious Fourth,” that a special
 proviso should be inserted in the preamble,
 which would make it read that “all men
 (provided thev are not black) are entitled,”
 &amp;c., The affair would then at least have the
 met it of consistency which at present it is very
 far from possessing.— j. d.
Is IT REPROOF OR ENCOURAGEMENT I—The 1 —The
 i Obeilin Evangelist, speaking of the recent
 action of the Presbyterian Assembly, on the
 Slavery question, makes a sort of rack-torture
 confession of its belief that slavery is a sin.
 Better so, pethaps than that it should apolo
 gize for and palliate the crime. Still, the way
 in which it speaks is soft, soft There is a
 sorrowful lack of the earnestness of heartfelt
 conviction in its estimate of the action of the
 Assembly. Says the Evangelist
 “Our readers must judge of the morality of,
 the Assembly s doctrine. Wec.n give our
 opinion in a word. \\e would treat all gross
 immoralities according to the principle that
 g lit is graduated by the light sinned against;
 but w'e would never admit that circumstances
 of convenience or profit make any apology for
 sin and we would decidedly rank slavehold
 ing among gtora lmmorahtes.”
 Uphill work to say thus much is it not
 Tbiatalking about graduating guilt by the;
 light sinned against,' 1 in a question of admit
 ting certain persons to church fellowship—
 what docs it mean It either means to imply j
 that there may be some possible circumstances
 in which slave folding, in this piofeaeedly
 free country— in this nooo of the nineteenth
 century —under the light of Christianity and
 civilization, may live in such gross moral
 darkness, as 10 be guilty of holding a fellow
 man in bondage —and yet be blameless it
 either means this, or it means nothing. Them
 are two sboit sentences, in the New Testa
 ment, w hich barely poeaible this editor
 has never seen—or, as they seem principally
 to refer to the bodies of men, m his deep eon
 eein for their souit, he may have overlooked,
though even that seems scarcely possible,
 without judging him be gioasiy bpocritieal.
 —Thu sentences sts these “As ye would
 that men should do unto you, do ye even so
 to them and “love thy neighbor as thy
 self It does not appear likely that any
 one, even of very ordinary mental capacity
 need loog study slsveholding by the light of
 these two aimple text* of Scripture, without
 Cuming to the conclusion that it is a sin against
 Cbustian light; and if judged of by the clear
 ness of the “light sinned against,” a sin
 the deepest dye. He must be a fool or worse
 who can imagine any man can “love his
 neighbor aa himself,” or love him at ail. or
 even make the faintest attempt to do to, and
 yet bold him in bondage, and aell, and
 acourge, and brotify. and subject him to all
 the intolerable hoirors of the slave-system.
 Such an extreme of absurdity it not possible
 to conceive that any rational being could be
 guilty of. Slavery or any other sin, wonld
 never be checked by such consolatory reproofs
 as this of the Evangelist. The writer
 w ould seem to be under the impression that it is
 needful for him to make some sort of apology
 either to the slaveholder or to some one in
 bis behalf, that Christianity very absurdly
 does not lend its sanction to slaveholding:
 but if it did, he would willingly tell him ofit,
 and embrace him as a friend and a brother.
 To one who has not looked with an open
 eye, and an untrammelled niiad, upas tfee
 operations of the different retigious bodies
 falsely called Christian, in this land, and has
 learned how utteily the life has been eaten
 out of them, by their tampering temporising
 policy—the want or weakness of their testi
 mony against slavery must be utterly inexpli
 cable. Compare what the Evangelist says
 with the bold vigorous language ofTHtonoßX
 D. Weld on the relation the Bible bears to
 slaveholding, and how tame it looks j. d. I
 “The spirit of slavery,” says Weld, “never
 seeks shelter in the Bible of its own accord
 It grasps the ho ns of the altar only in des
 peration—rushing from the terror of the aven
 ger's arm. Like other unclean spirits, it
 ‘hateth the light, neither cometh to the light,
 lest its deeds should be reproved.’ Goaded to
 phreniy in its conflicts with conscience and
 common sense, denied all quarter, and hunted 1
 from every covert, it vaults over the sacred j
 enclosure, and courses up and down the!
 Bible, ‘seeking rest and finding none.’ The
 law of love glowing on every page, flashes'
 around it an omnipresent anguish and des-1
 pair. It shrinks from the hated light, and|
 howls under the consuming touch as demons
 quailed before the Son of God, and shrieked,
 ‘Torment us not.’ At last, it slinks away
 under the types of the Mosaic system, and
 seeks to burrow' out of sight among their
 shadows. Vain hope Its asylum is its
 sepulchre its city of refuge, the city of des
 truction. It flies ftotn the light into the sun
 from heat into devouring fire and from the
 voice of God into the thickest of his thund
 ers
1 1 The Allda Outrage.
 The outrage perpetrated ugon Frederick
 1 Douglass and his English fiiends, on board
 the steamboat Alidaon the North river, has
 not been permitted to pass without censure
 from the more respectable portion of the
 American press. Our readets will have
 observed several condemnatory notices from
 exchanges copied into the North Star.
 This is gratifying evidence that public opinion
 at the North is rapidly undergoing a change,
 and encourages the cheering hope that the
 time is not far distant when the negro, like
 other men, will he judged of by his merits not
 by his color. Letters have also been re
 ceived from various quarters, expressing
 sorrow that strangers should be subjected to
 such an insult on American soil, and the un
 mitigated contempt of the writers for the
 perpretrators of it. A letter, dated Bristol,
 Pa., July 4th, says—‘‘ln the Pennsylvania
 Freeman of 21st June, I saw with great dis
 gust an account you gave of the insolent and
 i unwarrantable treatment you received trom a
 gang of male and female ruffians, whilst on
 board a steamer. From the description given,
 let me guess who they were Western and
 Southern shopkeepers, truckers, hucksters
 and gamblers, who have the impudence tc
 style themselves merchants. Those fellows
 and their women had no doubt met wtifc
 j rebuffs in their walks, which put them out o
 humour. Going home with their fingers ir
 their mouths—the men because northern
 merchants would no longer trust them, and
 the women because our civilized ladies were
 i disgusted with their vulgarity. If these men
 thieves, horse-thieves, half-cut ladies, and
 clowns would only slay at their own blood
 stained homes, and not profane our honesi
 and decent land by their filthy footsteps, the)
 would save us loathsome feelings and heavj
 losses.” Our correspondent is probably righ
 in his estimate of the character of those “rnal&lt;
 j and female raffians/' I truet for the sake o
 Northern decency and honor, that he is
 There is a aimilax case given elsew here
 however, under the head “Column of Alroc;
 ties,” which would seein to implicate otheri
 1 besides Southerners, in insane and wicket
 colurphobta practices. Let the man, out o
 a grogshop, who can find any excuse or palh
 •lion, either in common sense, commor
 humanity, or common equity, for insulting
 or abusing a human being because his coloi
 is rather different from that of himself anc
 his relatives,—let that man speak. It woulc
 be quite gratifying to learn that the persom
 who are the victims of colorphobia are noi
 totally insane and unaccountable beings. Ii
 the smnllest glimmering of reason can b«
 shown to linger in tbeir occiputs, one nighi
 proceed to argue with them, and probabij
 might show to their satisfaction the miserable
 inconsistency and irrationality of their conduct
 As it ia—no reason given—no excuse made
 —not a shadow of palliation glimmering
 thiough the thick haze of this m.aty absurdi
 ty, the man who has bis senses about him,
 can only look and pity, wonder, and some
 times laugh at the “lantiAtic tricks” of tb&lt;
 colorphobia lunatics.— s. d.
Buying a Mother's Freedom.—A colored
 rain name John Douglass, who was once s
 Slave in Washington, and hss been for some
 time engaged m this establishment, as a press
 man, has the satisfaction of seeing bis mo
 ther, whom he left a slave a few years since,
 free woman. John was unwilling to have
 his mother remain in Slavery, and has been
 endeavoring for some ume to raise money
 eoough to boy her from her master Thu
 repaired that $9OO should bs raised and
 be went about to obtain the means from bene
 voieot citizens, —to which effort we are glad
 jolearo he has hew successful. By paying
 $3OO, and giving security for the remainder,
 the master consented to give her freedom,
 andahe baa now arrived in this eity. Joan
 hope* to raise the additional sum to perfect
bis mother'* title to tbo inalienable birthright
 of every American ettnee/?ee*. I&gt;mecrmt.
 I have been requited, by Jokjt 1&gt; vetaet
 who is well known in thia city, to bo a very
 intelligent and respectable man, to c*fy the
 aboTt paragraph, and do so with pleasure.
 I may take this opportunity of observing,
 however, that Ido not, in any shapecr man
 ner, approve or wish to have anything to do
 with the purchase of slaves 1 rejoice that
 another has been added to the number of
 those who are released from the binds of
 oppression and the power of the taskmaster;
 but I regret that any one should find it neces
 sary, or consider it advisable to reaott tothia
 means for accomplishing that result. I can
 not allow the right of any human being to
 claim payment for permitting any other hu
 man being io go where be or she desires to
 go. It is a natural nght of every man and
 woman in God's universe. This woman had
 just as much right—neither more not 'ess—
 to ask the man who made the monstrous
 claim to hold her as his property, for payment
 that he might be allowed to go where he
 would, as he had to make this demand upon
 her. Besides, every act of purchase enhances
 the market value of human chatties; and
 makes the monsters cling to their jropfrty
 with a more tenacious grasp I would simply
 advise every man, woman and child, whether
 black, white, or yellow, that so long aa they
 are guiltless of aiaw, vhev have a tight to
 freedom. It is theirs. The idea of «yb*ng
 them pay for what is tbeii own by the in
 alienable gift of their Creator, is most absurd,
 preposterous, and Heaven-insulting. Let
 them take what is theirs quietly and peace
 ably and God help them to a good use of
 it.—j. n.
International Arbitration.
 On the 13th of June. Mr. Cobden brought
 forward his motion on International Arbitra
 tion. in the British House of Commons. His
 motion was—
 That an humble address be presented to
 Her Majesty, praying she will be graciously
 pleased to direct her principal Secretary of
 State for Foreign Affairs to enter into com
 munication with foreign powers, inviting them
 to concut in treaties, binding the respective
 parties, in the event of any future misunder
 standing, which cannot be arranged by amica
 ble negotiat on, to refer the matter in dispute
 to the decision of arbitrators.”
 “Wild, visionary, impracticable, Utopian,”
 is the cry raised by the British oligarchy and
 their mouthpiece, the Times, against this mo
 tion while Lord Palmerston and other Whig
 leaders treat the proposal with the greatest
 respect,”—but they do not wish that “there
 should exist an impression liiat the manly
 spirit of Englishmen is dead.” They do
 not stop to show', however, what manliness
 there is in cutiing throats and blowing out
 brains, or in what w’ay those sublime acts
 were not the more fit occupations of fiends
 than of men. Mr. Cobden, in his speech,
 argued, that the plan he proposed was not a
 new one—that it had already been adopted on
 several occasions. He instanced the case
 where the United States and France referred
 a dispute to England a case in which Eng
 land and the United States referred a dispute
 to Russia; one in which (he United States
 and Mexico referred a question to Prussia;
 and one in which the United States and Eng
 land referred a case to the King of the Neth
 erlands. These case* were all eminently suc
 cessful. It mattered not, he said, whether hia
 principle were adopted by large or small
 States only let it be established, and there
 would exist a guarantee for a rational, honest
 and Christian-like settlement of disputes, in
 stead of the arbitrament of war, which could
 not be better defined than it had been by Jere
 my Bentham, when he said, that it was
 mischief on the large scale.” Mr. Cobden’i
 resolution was negatived by Lord Palmerston’s
 moving the previous question, which was the
 I most courteous mode of resisting th 3 motion.
 The practicability of this made of settling
 international disputes, and thus entitely ob
 viating the necessity for barbarous and bloody
 wars, is apparent. It is now common, and is
 every day becoming more frequent in daily
 life, ft does not appear to be any more diffi
 cult t settle the affairs of nations by this
 method, than to settle the private disputes ol
 individuals. The assertion that there will be
 no power to enforce the awards of arbitration,
 is no argument against ii. It is true there
 will be no physical power; but may there nol
 be wielded in its favor a more potent weapon
 than the power of the sword the moral
 power of popular opinion 1 When the pnn
 i ciple comes to be recognized amongst nations,
 that arbitiation is the only rational mode ol
 settling disputes, and that such arbitration
 must be final; when a universal public opin
 ion has been created tiw war is barbarous*,
 inhuman and unnecessary—where will be the
 difficulty War settles n&lt;» fact—establishe*
 no prin iple—proves nothing at all, except
 that one nation ha» more means at its com
 mand, or is perhaps more dexterous in the
 use of those which it possesses, than some
 other nation. It is the mere argument of the
 highwayman— Give me what you have in
 your possession, or I will kill you for you
 see lam stronger than you—l have a pistol
 and a bowie-knife—you have neither.” The
 right of the stionger nation to possess it
 self of the property of the weaker, is just
 as good—no better than that of ihe highway
 man and both may be summed up in the four
 words—No right at all—but a robbery. .The
 history of rhe world proves that war never
 satisfactorily and finally adjusts international
 differences, but serves to awaken m the vic
 torious further schemes of unprincipled ambi
 tion; in the conquered, feelings of hostility
 and vindictiveness for many generat.ons de
 praving the moral character of communities,
 making man the enemy of his fellow-man, and
 arresting the progress of moral and intellect
 ual growth. War, beanies, u the fruitful
 parent of taxation, laying upon the shoulders
 of the nations fearful loads of debt, making
 commerce and industry stagger beneath its
 weight. Of this, Great Britain is a notorious
 illustration. Eight hundred millions ot pounds
 sterling is the present uncountable debt of that
 country, nearly, if not all of which is the
 product of war. To pay the interest of thia
 enormous debt, the immense sum of thirty
 two millions of pn«n&lt;li has to be raised by
 taxation every year.
 Although Mr. Cobden’s motion was reject
 ed, yet the tone of the speeches in opposition,
 the unwillingness of the government to meet
 the motion by a direct negative, and the fact
 that the mover was bached by the voieea of
400,000 petitioner*, are indications of the
 Mate of feeling to tin tain, not to be mistaken.
 May we not indulge the hope that every rivil
 »ed people on the globe will respond in
 aa loud, if not louder tones, to this voice of
 England* Republican America will surely
 not be far behind aristocratic England, in her
 expression of opinion in favor of a mode of
 settling disputes, ao well calculated to prevent
 misery and bUxidshed, and to, promote ihei
 brotherhood of man —j. D.
Sen. Waleer. the Wisconsin Dough
 face, disposed or.—The Sou ill port (Wis.)
 Telegraph, thus introduces senator Walker’s
 lart letter to its readers. Walker got himsrll
 foisted into the Senate on Free Soil profes
 sions; and when there, either from the
 corrupting influence of the surrounding atmos-
 Ipheie, or from hi* innate Hunkeriwn, proved
 himselt a cringing miserable tool of the
 slave-powpr. I*t him be marked.
 Mr. Walker has at length revealed him
 self to the public in a letter, addressed to
 e editor of the Waukesha Democrat. The
 editor of that paper has been a fast friend of
 Mr. Walker from the first, and we cannot,
 therefore convey a betier idea of this letter
 than to quote the opinion with regard to a of
 this friend. He says it is “insulting to the
 people, and beneath the dignity of a man of
 honor. We were among the first to pro
 pose his name for the office he now holds,
 and have avoided as far as possible taking any
 •tttd against him m his late deielictions of
 duty, io tfr&lt; hape that he would again right
 hinfeelf: nut we can stand by him no longer.
 He has in this letter cut himself loose from
 the party, and bid defiance to the people.
 We regret to see a man make such a wreck
 of himself, but it is the work of his nature
 impetuous, thoughtless, and ungoverned bv
 honesty.” So says his friend.
 Cholera in Cincinnati. —A correspond
 ent of the Rochester Democrat, in a letter
 dated July 4, says, that the reports of inter- i
 ments this week, thus tar, will fully average
 130 per day. Last week’s interments showed
 G 25 from cholera, and $OO in all. It is said
 by many who were in Cincinnati in ’32, that
 the epidemic is as prevalent as it was then.—
 The principal sufferers are the German and
 Irish emigrants, who reside mostly in lanes
 and back streets, which are not properly cared
 for by the authorities. The writer of the
 letter in the Democrat considers the officers of
 the city grossly and culpably negligent.— j.d.
The Spirit of the Age. —The first num
 ber of this new weekly has come to hand. It
 is beautifully printed, and is under the able
 editorial management of Wm. Henry Chan
 nino, who, the prospectus says, will be aided
 by a large number of contributors. This is
 an Association paper, and seeks as its end
 the peaceful transformation of human socie
 ties fiom isolated to associated interests—
 from competitive to co-operative industry—
 from disunity to unity. It will doubtless be
 an able exponent of associations views and
 ptinciples. It is probably intended to take tht
 place of the Harbinger, which we have been
 sorry to miss from our exchange list for a
 number of weeks past. We shall consider
 an exchange a favor.— j. d.
The Message Biro. —This is the title of
 a new semi-monthly, devoted to Music,
 Literature, and Art. We have been favored
 with the first number. It looks well, and
 promises well. #ne unusual feature of this
 periodical, is that each number will contain
 two pages of music. The editors, if we
 surmise correctly respecting them, are well
 known men of literary reputation and ability, j
 It cannot fail to be interesting. Dewey has
 it for sale in this city.—j. n.
Philadelphia Subscribers who have any
 difficulty about getting their papers, will
 please mention the fact to our agent in that
 city, Geo. W. Goines, No. 8, Exchange
 place, Lombard street, who will see that the
 mistake is rectified. Josephus Brown, of
 No. 8, South Twelfth street, complains that
 he does not get his paper. Will Mr. Goines
 see that it is sent. j. d.
A Column of Atrocities.
 I
 Our readers may perhaps be interested to
 know, what, if any, beyond their subjection
 to slavery and all its attendant wickednesses,
 are the peculiar cruelties and insults to which
 the negro race are liable in this land of boast
 ed human equality, and appreciation of human
 rights. Every day brings some new instance
 of insult, or cruelty—insult or cruelty, more
 over, for which, so long as they are practised
 under the permission of this slaveholding
 government, (and permitted—nay sanctioned
 they must be so long as slavery is permitted)
 elected by the suffrages of the American
 people, every one who puts his hand to the
 ballot-box is individually responsible. Here
 are a few,gleaned from our exchanges in one
 week. When shall the end be J
 Inhumanity.—Two negro men were ar
 raigned before the County Court of Fauquier
 county on Friday last, charged with breaking
 open the meat house of Lloyd Nolan, Esq.,
 and stealing a quantity of bacon. Oue of
 them having been induced to confess under
 promises and inducements held out to him,
 his conlessions thus obtained were not re
 ceived as evidence, and there being insuffi
 cient other evidence, fee w a* acquitted, aud
 was used a witness against his accomplice,
 who was convicted by the Court, and sen
 tenced to be hung ou the 10th August next.
 The negro condemned is named W Ilham, aud
 is the pioperty of the heirs of Hutchison
 Alexander, deceased.— Altiandruz Gazette.
 Tne Philadelphia North American, com
 menting upon this case says—" The facts
 •laied in the foregoing paragraph are calcu
 lated to excite the astonishment and arouse
 the indignation of every Christian community.
 The statute-book which tolerates such a
 law, as consigns life to the scaffold for larce
 ny, ia a disgrace to the name of humanity, tod
 unworthy ul a place among the records of Van
 dalism. We turn from this saddening picture
 with horror and disgust; horror at the infamy oi
 such criminality, and disgust at the profes
 sions of ‘equality’ and ‘freedom’ that are
 daily mouthed by the majority of a State,
 which legalizes murder for an offence which,
 according to all enlightened and humane
 institutions, is not visaed with more than
 temporary imprisonment.
 Tne Bloody Codc.—We observe that a
 •lave is sentenced to be hung at Piedmont,
 Vs i on the 10th of August, lor breaking in
 to a smoke bouse and stealing a piece of
 meat There are seventy offences in Vtrgt
 nts for which a slave is condemned to death,
 at&gt;d the awful crime of taking something to
 appease his hunger is one of them. What a
 beautiful illustration we have here of the
 •lave system, which is so tenderly treated by
 the encfaieisastieal organisations ol the coun
 ty It gives to the master ihe right to ap
 propnaie to feimeelf the time, labor, and
 everything sloe of the sieve, and to render to
h*m in **turn whit is harrilv sufficient to ke*p
 •out sod h&gt;dv together while if the latter,
 bv the gnawing* of hunger, it may
 d*res to appropriate any portion of the
 &lt;,r bis to himself, he ta deemed
 buoi u? th Mtk
 nf t 4T *y ,wol,w «*e g*ve an account
 a foul hum, er growing out of an interference
 N&lt; r hw ,noTh »om.n
 sentenced bv a C otm in this Repobhr tr&gt;
 h*»e her ears nailed to a poet for one hour
 The Boston Republ can g*., the fjM rg
 the Pensacola Gszetre
 Ac lh. Uuicrrnot .he C «m 10,
 P»n»rnl, lh, w*r&lt;. s R« M-
 C.p B*k«. lu
 file her master s bonne She was
 o hare her ears nailed to a post for o ne tj 0
 and to receive thirty-nine lashes, which
 tence has been carried into effect.
 And yet we are charged with fanaticism
 because wo have a woid to utiter agamat tho
 auppoit and extension of a svstem which 1(
 in the hands of men brutal enough to enrci
 such a tragedy, and one which must resort i„
 such diabolical meant to make its victim*
 safe in the power of their destroyers p r 3
 Trans.
 Brltsl Business—ln Marion fountyj
 Fa., a plantcrnamed Burceson ami his over
 seer Meadows, have been indited for cruelu
 to their slaves. The Brutes had ac tuU&gt;
 caused a woman to he torn in peices bv iheit
 dogs. A Mr. Madison who sis ins tu mental
 in having them indicted, was lately wat laid b&gt;
 Burleson and Meadows, knocked dow n with
 club, stabbed in a numlier ol places and left
 for dead. He has revived sufficiently to make
 a deposition before a magistrate, but will
 probably die. His skull was fiaetuied in
 three places, and the biain protruded from one
 of them. Burleson was at liberty, couceale,!
 in the woods, which were surrounded hv hi*
 pursuers. —Jacksonville (Fa.) JV-irs.
 Putative Free Negroes found to a*
 Slaves.—A day or two since a free colored
 man, named Francois Tomassin, appeared
 before Recorder Seuxenacu, to enter a charge
 of assault and battery against another negro
 named Alexander Priere, who has passed 14
 free, and has l»een universally considered a,
 free born by those who knew hirn. The
 complainant, in revenge lor the violence or
 his person, has revealed,however, some facts
 which entirely changed the social position &lt;*i
 the accused, and reduced his whole fatw
 iy, who, like him, have lieen reported free
 slavery. The story runs thus;
 Several years since,George Heno, a hutchei
 who had acquired a fortune in this city, leu
 for France, where he resided until death
 When leaving here he disposed of all his slaves
 but one. a blind girl, who, in consequence of
 being blind, he was unable to sell, af) d
 withont manumitting her, told her to go and
 take care of herself. In the lapse of years
 the blind girl became the mother ot two chil
 dren, son and daughter. The son, now a full
 grown man, is the party accused in the above
 mentioned case; and the daughter is herself
 the mother of several children The family
 of Mr. Heno have always resided in tins city,
 hut have never seen the blind girl since be
 dismissed her, she had passed from their
 memory His son, Heno, Icing informed 0
 the statement of Tomassin, now appears and!
 claims the whole Priere family—mother, son,
 daughter, and grand-children—as his prop
 erty; and has instituted proceedings to place
 them in his posession.—.Yew Orleans Delta
 Attempted Escape of a Slae.—Mary
 Ann Dickinson, a tree colored woman, was
 arraigned before the Mayor on Saturday mor
 ning, charged with aiding and abetting
 Martha Ann, the property of John Endtn,
 Jr., to escape from the State of Virgin's!
 From the examination before the Mayor we
 gather the following facts Abby Dickinson
 lives in Rockett-*, and enjoys an extensive
 acquaintance with 1 lie sea faring or coasting
 gentry. During the early pan. of last week
 she made application to Cap t. Barker, of the
 schooner William .Maury, to take a passenger
 on board his vessel, hound for Philadelphia.
 Capt. B. having signified lus willingness
 to comply with the request, he was at once
 taken into the confidence of the negress, w ho
 stated to him the passenger she wished him
 to convey to Philadelphia was a colored girl,
 (a slave) who was extrernelv anxious 10
 effect her escape to a free State—that 3he
 belonged to Mr. Enders, and was at that time
 concealed in the city, making preparations for
 her contemplated elopement—that all propet
 arrangements would bo made to avoid detec
 tion, and with that view Capt. Barker was
 required to meet her (Abby Dickinson) on
 the ensuing Friday evening at a point agreed
 upon, when they both would repair to the
 neighborhood in which the girl|(Martha Ann)
 was concealed—that the girl would appeal
 dressed in boy's clothes, and that she would
 then follow Capt. B. to his vessel, the free
 negress, in the meanwhile, reiurnmg to her
 own home in Rocketts
 The arrangements being completed between
 Ibe parties, i apt. Barker at once acquainted
 Mr. P. Ford, a citizen of this city,
 with the circumstances, and hu deternnna
 lion to carry the plan into effect only fax
 enough to fasten guilt on ihe parties and
 secure an arrest. To accomplish this, ibr
 aid of Mr. Poitiaux Robinson was solicited
 as one of the parties mainly interested in se
 curing the arrest of the girl. Capt. 1J with
 a view to render the arrest certain, and the
 criminality of the girl and her adviser in
 dubitable, determined to proceed to his ves
 sel over Mayo’s Bridge with his anxious
 passenger, it having been pre-arranged ihat
 Messrs. Robinson and Ford should station
 themselves on the Bridge, and arrest the
 girl, f nday night, the plan previously ar
 ranged, was carried into effect, and the girl
 arrested on the bridge and lodged in jaij. She
 is about 18 years of age, intelligent and come
 ly, and has always received good treatment
 from the family lu w hich she had been reared
 Abby A. Dickinson was committed to jail to
 await an examination before the Dusting
 Court, on the ilth June, and the witnesses
 recognized to appear at that time.— RuhmonA
 Ttmu.
 Of this abominably treacherous and dis
 graceful proceeding of Captain Barker an
 Exchange (I have forgotten which) says
 “It is a deep disgrace to his profession, to
 the age, and to humarf nature. He is ap
 pealed 10 ot take'a young woman from a land ol
 ilavery to a land of freedom. It was an
 tppeal that would grieve an honest and
 generous heart to deny. If he ceuld not
 have felt it his duty to have complied with
 the tequest, he would and should have res
 pectfully declined it. He assented to the
 irrangements only to deceive, and plunge the
 girl sod her friend into misery. H e is an in
 famous, cold-blooded scoundrel—a fit to.l for
 ih««e who make merchandise of women and
 thildren.”
 r Cacoht.—Three runaway slaves
 &gt;f Mr. Gidding* and Miss JHi llaery, resid.ng
 »e*r Petersville, Frdenck Go Sid. hs»#
 !&gt;een arrested and secured. One wts found
 it Chambersburg, Pa—
 AwrvL.—The body of a small negro child
 was found in a motaaees hogshead in this
 place, a few days since, after the molasses
 was all drawn off, no marks of violence were
 found upon him. We can vouch tor the truth
 tl thta —Cohoes Cataract.
 Stakvino a Man Bxca tsf or mi* Cotos
 —"e have intimated m another article that
 we,a*a people, have not reached the true re
 publican standard, and that there yet linger in
 W midst many tyrannical prejudice. I We did
 Dot expect so soon to be obliged to record so
 tllustiatioo of the practical working* of one ot
 the worst sod most senseless of these preju
 dices—the prejudice sgsmst color And vet
 the painful facts are as follow*
 As we announced last weeh,|Mr. W. W
 Brown, ooce a slave, now s, tree man in fact,
 tad a fins specimen of s man lectured u» this
