1J 0 C t V JJ.
(Our readers may hare *e*n this poem before:
 bw we cannot Jean onraelve* the gratification of
 republishing it.]
 SONG OF THE SHIRT
 With finder* weary and worn,
 With eyelid* heavy and red,
 A woman «at, in unwomanly rasp.
 Piling I er needle ami thread.
 Smch—ttitch—stitch'
 In poverty hunger, and dm
 And (till with t voice of doUtou* puck.
 She sang ihe "S. tig of the Shut*”
 Work—wot k— work
 AA rule the c.sck is trowing al.»-»i’
 Ami work—worn—work’
 1 til ti&lt;e star* -bine through the ri-.t'*
 It** O! to he a *l»ve,
 Along with tlte Imlnroos Turk,
 W here woman has never a soul to
 It thi* it Christian work'
 Work—work-work'
 Till tlie brain begin* to swtm,
 W ©t k—work—work
 Till ihe eyes are heavy and dmi*
 Seam, and gusset, and Imtid,
 Band, and gusset, and seam,
 Till o&gt;et the buttons 1 fall asleep.
 And sew them on in a dream'
 O, men with sisters dear'
 O, men with mother* and mik&gt;,
 It ts not linen You’re wearing out.
 But Itumaii iestate*’ live*'
 Stitch—-stitch—stitc't*
 In poverty, hunger, and dm
 Sewing ar once, with a double thread,
 A shroud as well as a shill
 But why do I t tlk id death
 That phantom of grisly bone;
 l hardly tear In* terrible shape.
 It seems so like my own,
 llecau»e of tlte lasts I keep.
 ‘O, l&gt;o&lt;'.' that bread should be so *lr u.
 And flesh and blood so cheap*
 Work—vvoik—work’
 Vly l ibor never flags;
 And what are its wage*? A beJ of straw,
 A crust of bread a.,d tags,
 Thu shattered roof, and this naked floor,
 A table, a broken chair,
 And a wall so blank, tuv shadow l lliank
 For sometime* falling there'
 Work—woik—wotkl
 t rout weary chime to chime,
 ork—work—woik—
 As prisoner.* work for crime!
 Baud, and gusset, and seatu,
 .teeain, and gusset, and baud,
 I ill the heart i* sick, and the biain Iteiutinlied,
 A* well as the weary hand.
 Work—woik—work!
 in the dull UecemUr light,
 And work—woik—work!
 When the woutlier is warm and blight;
 Whiie underneath the eaves,
 J'he brooding swallows cling,
 As Jl to show me their sunny back-.,
 And twit me with the spring.
 Oh' but to breathe the breath
 Ol the cowslip and primrose sweet,
 W itii the tky above my head,
 Aud the grass beneailt my teei,
 1 or only one short huui
 I'o leei as l used to feel,
 Be lore 1 knew the woe# ot want,
 Aud the waik that costs a meal'
 O but tui one shot! Itoui,
 A respite however bud
 No blessed leisure for love or hope,
 Btn only lime tor gnet
 A little weeping would ease uty heau.
 But iu their brim lied
 My tears most stop, lor every Jr&gt;.y
 Hiiiueu needle and threat).”
 With fjagtri wt-aiy aud worn.
 With eyelid* heavy aud led,
 A woman sat iu uuwoiuauly rag*.
 i'Jyiug her needle and tlnc-ad—-
 blitch—illicit—stitch'
 In poverty, hunger, aud dirt,
 Aud still with a voice of dolorous pilch.
 Wouid that its tone could teach the rich!
 telle sang thi* teoug of the tehnt
 I tom die Christian i’lUren
 OCEAN BENNY POSTAGE.
 a 1&gt; hL M o VV ii A 1 will d
 La*t u)gtH 1 had a in.ppy Oleum
 So happy i must tell a you,
 Of whit oui dear kind l tide John,
 One ol these pleasant dav* will
 You know he it a wealthy man,
 Therefore, methought he kiuJK ud.
 That for a penny o’er the sen,
 Should every Jettei lie coitVeved
 1 he gladsome tidings svviftlv lien,
 From Johu-o’-tiioai; to bleak Land’s Find,
 And Have you heard the jovlul news'”
 SS as each one's queslmu to his it tend.
 Ihe Mother’» silent blessing lose.
 Ihe father praised kuut l ncle John,
 And to hei ImsUmd far away,
 Ilit- wite s tond liiocghls vveie svetllL gone.
 The Brother’s heart with tee ling glowed,
 Lite bisteCs lieatning eye was wet,
 While Childhood's louder gladuess showed
 A joy too won irons to forget.
 Lucies and Aunts, ami Consuls 100.
 With eager voice combined to ble.-s
 Hie libei al act, the generous deed,
 W hi-'h gave the vvoKtLi such happiness.
 And FtfemisliipN laitiiful voice was heaid.
 Braising the name of I nch: Joiui
 tJli, may his heart soon realise
 Blk joy vvhicli iu my dream lie won
 The world has heaid hi* mighty nets,
 r(j 1 ml,- John is known to fame;
 But iwet-ti', pleasure will Ik- his,
 When Lon iml Friendship bless his name.
 Mount ftf, England. E.
 I IMF.
 *V Mtl 'tis Ht skli j—U&amp;4.
 Time’s an lia mi bread th tll llr
 lisa vessel under ,4,1
 Bis an eagle in its wav,
 Darting down upon its pre*
 ’Bis an arrow- in us flight,
 Mocking the pursuing sight,
 I 1* a shoit-lived lading tiovvei
 Tt* a rainbow on a shower,
 ’Ti* a momentary rav,
 Smiling in a winter’* day;
 Tll a torrent’* rapid atream,
 Tt* a ahadow ’tua dream,
 Tt* the doling watch of oight,
 Dying at rise ri*«ng light;
 *1 it a bubble; ’ti* a tigti
 Be prepared, O man' to dir
 THE GALLOWS.
 Bull down thy gallon*, erring man'
 Ha*te thou the better üb*v,
 WVs knowledge, troth, and holy l©vr
 Treveut, not pouish crime!
 l ake down thy Bible fiom th* the 11-
 f tun it thy code und practice draw.
 And make wru, feel that i«v« alone
 I* the fulfilling of tha Law
Selection?.
THE DEAF
It was the *2Uth of March Ifr*?. In
 the poorly-furnished apartment of a
 small house in Baden, in Austria, an old
 man was making preparations for a
 journey. He hastily folded within a
 knapsack a tew changes of linen. The
 weather was cold, the windows were
 covered with hoarfrost, and yet only a
 tew dying embers burned upon the
 hearth. Luther the old man's mind
 was too deeply engrossed to think of
 feeding the tlarne, or perhaps his scanty
 resources needed careful husbanding to
 meet the expenses of his approaching
 ■journey.
 In truth, the aspect of the room be
 spoke a state of want rather than of af
 fluence. A bed w ith curtains of laded
 green serge, a few antique arm-chairs
 ot varnished wood, covered with well
 worn tapestry, a walnut table, and a
 harpsichord, composed its entire furni
 ture. The harpsichord was strewed
 with music, partly in manuscript; and
 a dying sheet covered with nearly
 illegible notes, and disfigured by nuine
 rows erasures, showed what had been
 the old man’s recent employment. The
 occupier of this desolate abode was be
 tween fifty and silty years of age. His
 lofty forehead, encircled by locks of sil
 ver gray, beamed with intelligence, al
 though he appeared bowed down be
 neath, the weight of some great afflic
 tion. A dark fire kindled in his hazel
 eyes, and his cheeks, glow ing with one
 bright feverish spot ofhectic color, con
 trasted strangely with the deadly pale
 ness which overspread the rest of his
 1 countenance. Y\ hen the knapsack was
 made up, the old man approached the
 table, on which lay an open letter,
 stamped with the Vienna postmark. He
 took it up, and stood awhile with his
 eyes fixed on its contents, though it
 only contained these few' words:—
 ‘My dear Uncle —Pardon me the
 grief w hich I am occasioning you; but
 implicated in an unhappy transaction,
 t 1 have just received an order to quit
 Vienna, whence 1 am commanded for
 the future to absent myself. 1 beseech
 you to come to my aid: you alone can
 save me. Adieu. John.’
 This letter came from a nephew
 i whom he hud brought up, and whose
 I disorderly conduct had rendered
 necessary the rigorous mandate which
 now banished him from the capital.
 When the old man had perused it
 j once more, he appeared confirmed in
 his resolution, and with his knapsack in
 one hand, and his walking-stick ut the
 other, he prepared to set out. But on
 reaching the threshold, he turned buck,
 and casting a look of deep regret on
 this modest asylum, where he had long
 and happily dwelt, he sighed; then, as
 if attracted by a magic charm, he re
 turned to his harpsichord, and quickly
 laying down what he held in his hand,
 he ran his lingers over the discolored
 notes of the instrument. His gloomy
 and dejected countenance was gradually
 lighted up with an expression of intense
 happiness, and a sublime strain ascen
 ded towards Heaven, a fitting hymn o!
 praise to the Almighty,
 i As he plunged into these regions o
 harmony, it seemed as if his spirit hat
 bid adieu to earth, and soared to tin
 j realms above in poarch of consolation
 But soon all nt; the olt
 man wept; he deep sigh, ant
 exclaimed—‘And to think that I cai
 I hear nothing!’ Alas! he was deaf.
 The poor pilgrim again took up hi:
 staff, and set forth on his journey. A
 j the turning of the street, he once mort
 looked round on the humble dwelling
 where he had passed the last ten years
 of his life, shut out by his infirmity
 from the sounds of the external world
 Music for him only existed within the
 soul. He walked on into the country
 j lor, by way of husbanding iiis smal
 store, he was going on foot from Badei
 to Vienna. The evening closed in: the
 old man stopped before a peasant’s cot
 tage. He had presumed too much oi
 his strength, having expected, betori
 .night closed in, to reach Vienna, iron
 which the village of Baden is only tei
 leagues distant. He had walked vigor
 ously, but night approached, and ht
 fell his strength lading nim. Hi
 I knocked at the door; a young gir
 ’opened it, asking him xvhat he wanted
 The old man, who guessed her questioi
 1 from the movement of her lips, replied
 I‘Hospitality, my good girl.’ ‘Come ii
 then, there is always a welcome at mj
 father’s hearth for the benighted travel
 Jler.' Thus cordially invited, he enter
 |ed a large room, where the fruga
 evening repast was smoking upon t
 homely table. A cover was quickly
 laid for him near the father ofthe family
 unu he sat down to the table with tlit
 i friendly household group. After sup
 per, lie seated hiinselfin an old lenthen:
 arm-chair by the chimney-corner. A
 cheerful lire blazed upon the hearth
 I'he mother and daughter cleared the
 table, whilst the father opened an old
 harpischord, and the three sons took
 down their instruments which hung
 against the wall. They consisted ofai
 alto, a violincello, and a hautboy.
 The performers attuned their instru
 ments, the mother and daughter seated
 themselves with their work near the
 fire, wiiere a single lamp afforded the
 needful light. The father gave the
 signal, and the tour musicians began a
 piece with that enseipble, with that
 knowledge of measure, which the Ger
 mans possess beyond all other nations.
 By degrees their eyes kindled, they
 abandoned themselves to the ardor oi
 the sentiment with which they were
 transported.—The two women listened
 whilst they almost held in their breath
 Their work fell from their hands. The
 music ceased—they exchanged looks
 ut delight—the young girl kissed het
 lather’s gray hairs with emotion: they
 forgot the presence of their guest. He
 had followed all their movements with e
 longing eye, for his deafness prevented
 his hearing a single note of the
 music which had so deeply affected
 them.
 ‘Oh how happy you are,' he said
 with a faltering voice, ‘to be able tc
 enjoy this delicious pleasure! Alas’ it
 is long since 1 have been able to hear
 either the human voice, or music, which
 is the voice of God. When Igo out to
 meditate in the forest, 1 feel indeed the
 wind which blows around me, but I
 hear not ite mighty voice, whilst it
shaken the trees, or murmurs among
 the leaves, mingling with the general
 harmony of nature When I return
 from my walk at the close of a line
 summer s day, I can indeed see the
 young shepherdess as she leads her
 Hock to he watered at the fountain, but
 1 cann &gt;t hear either her joyous song or
 the tingling sound of the* sheep-bells.
 I can see* the lark fly swiftly to
 the valley where her nest lies hidden,
 hut 1 hear not her melodious voice
 mingling with the whisper of the
 breeze. Oh, music' harmony! it is my
 lift*; hut, alas! its vocal expression is
 lost to me forever. Let me, I pray
 you. read the pages which have so
 deeply stirred you He rose, took the
 sheet in ins hand, a sudden paleness
 overspread his features; he sunk upon
 his seat overwhelmed with emotion.
 He had just read upon the cover,
 ‘Allegretto from the Pastoral Symphony
 of Beethoven.* All gathered around
 him, and inquired the cause of his agi
 tation. When he w as able at length to
 command his voice, he arose from his
 seat and said, am Beethoven. At
 ihe sound of his name, the father Idled
 his woolen cap from his head, and the
 sons bowed w ith the deepest reverence.
 Beethoven pressed their hands in his,
 and w ept for joy. The good peasants
 kissed iliese venerated hands; for this
 man they felt was the genius who had
 lightened for them the daily burthen of
 life—the genius so honored in Vienna
 that when he took his daily walk, the
 passers-by exclaimed, ‘There is Beeth
 oven! 5 and silently made way for him,
 lest they should interrupt his medita
 tions. The peasants looked w r ith un
 wearied delight on that noble brow
 where grief had indeed stomped its fatal
 marks, but which still was encircled
 w ith the halo of genius.
 Beethoven then seated himself at the
 harpischord, and desiring the young
 people to take up their instruments, he
 played lor them his own symphony.
 It w as a moment of unspeakable happi
 ness.
 When they had finished, Beethoven
 improvised sublime melodies: his spirit,
 breaking through the bonds which en
 chained him fo earth, seemed to rise
 triumphantly towards Heaven.
 The poor harpischord under his hand
 gave forth unwonted sounds—some
 times majestic as the voice of thunder,
 sometimes mysterious as the sighs ol
 the dying.
 Alas! it was the song of the swan! A
 part of the night thus glided on. The
 bed usually occupied by the father ol
 the family, was prepared for Beeth
 oven, and he was constrained to accepl
 it.
 During the night he became feverish
 and to cool his burning brow*, he arose
 and went out into the open air, toe
 slightly clad. The ait* was bitterly
 cold: the wind groaned in the branches
 of the trees, and penetrating rain drift
 ed over the country. When the ol
 man returned, he was benumbed.—Tin
 dropsy from which he had long suffered
 mounted to his chest, and too soon it be
 came appparent that all remedies were
 useless. He was with difficulty trans
 ported to Vienna, where he was visiter
 by a physician,*■ who pronounced hii
 case a hopeless one. Hummel, hi:
 dearest and truest friend, heard of hi:
 danger, and flew to attend him in hi:
 last moments; but lie was almost in
 sensible. The words he sought to utter
 expired on his pallid lips. Still hi
 i recognised his early friend, and thank
 ed him with a mournful smile. Hum
 mel pressed the icy-cold hand within hi;
 own with deep emotion.
 When the dying man felt the pres
 i sure, his glazed eye kindled with a mo
 inentary consciousness,
 i He sunk back upon die pillow 1
 With a gentle sigh the spirit ha&lt;
 fled.
 Till: SEVEN-SHILLING PIECE.
 It was during the panic of 1826, tha
 a gentleman whom we shall call Mr
 Thompson, was seated with somethin*
 of a melancholy look in his dreary bacl
 room, watching his clerks paying aum
 j thousands of pounds hourly. Thomp
 I son was a banker of excellent credit
 there existed perhaps in the citv o
 London no safer concern than that o
 Messrs. Thompson Co.; but at i
 moment such as 1 speak of, no rationa
 reflection was admitted; no former &amp;ta
 bilitv was looked to; a general distrus
 was felt, and every one rushed to hi:
 banker's to withdraw his hoard, fear
 iul that the next instant would be to&lt;
 late, forgetting entirely that this step
 was that of all others the most iikelv ti
 insure the ruin besought to avoid.
 But to return. The w ealthy citizen sa
 gloomily watching the outpouring o
 Ins gold, and with agrnnsnnle listening
 to t he clamorous demands on hi:
 cashier; for although lie felt perfectly
 easy and secure as to the ultimate
 strength of his lesources, yet he coulc
 nut repress a feeling of bitterness as lit
 j saw constituent after constituent rusl
 j in, and those whom he fondly imagines
 to be iiis dearest triends, eagerly assist
 ing in the run upon his strong box.
 Presently the door opened, and
 stranger was ushered in, who, aftei
 gazing for a moment at the bewilderec
 banker, coolly drew a chair, and ab
 ruptly addressed him: You will par
 don uie, sir, tor asking a strange ques
 tion; but 1 am a plain man, and like tc
 come straight to the point.
 ‘Weil, sirr impatiently interruptec
 the other.
 ‘I have heard that you have a run oi
 your bank sir
 ‘Well?’
 ‘ls it truer 5
 •Really, sir, 1 must decline
 to your very extraordinary query. If
 however, you have any money in the
 bank, you had better at once draw it
 out, and so satisly yourself, our casbiei
 will instantly pay you; and the bankei
 roae, as a hint for the stranger to with
 draw.
 ‘Far trom it sir, I have not one six
 pence in your hands.’
 1 hen may i ask what is your busi
 ness here?’
 I wish to know if a small sum would
 aid you at this moment?’
 *W hy do you ask the question?*
 ‘Because if it would, I should gladly
 pay in a small deposit.’
 The money dealer atared.
 •\ou seem surprised; you don’t
 know my person or my motive. I’ll at
 one# explain Do you recollect some
twenty years ago vrtien you rcsidrd in
 Essex
 ■Perfectly.’
 ‘Well, then, sir, perhaps you have
 not forgotten the turnpike-gate through
 .which von passed daily? My father
 kept that gate, and was often honored
 by a few minutes chat with you. Oue
 Christmas my father was sick, and 1
 attended the toll bar. On that uay you
 j passed through, and I opened the gate
 for you. L)o &gt;ou recollect it sir*'
 Not 1, my friend.’
 No, air; few such men remember
 their kind deeds, but thoae who are
 benefited by them seldom forget them.
 1 am perhaps prolix; listen, however,
 only, a few moments, and I have
 done.’
 The banker began to feel interested,
 and at once assented.
 'Well sir, as I said before, I threw
 open the gate for you, and as 1 consid
 ered myself in duty bound, I wished
 you a happy Christmas. ‘Thank you,
 tny lad,* replied you—thank you, and
 the same to you; here is a tntie to
 make it so; and you threw me a seven
 J shilling piece, it was the first money
 I ever possessed; and never shall 1 for
 get iny joy on receiving it, or your kind
 smile in bestowing it. I long treasured
 it, and as I grew up, added a little to
 it, till I was able to rent a toll inysclt.
 Vou left that part of the country, and I
 lost sight of you. Yearly however, 1
 have been getting on; your present
 brought good fortune with it; I am now
 I comparatively rich, and to you 1 cou-
 I sider I owe all. So this morning, hear
 ing accidentally that there was a run
 :on your bank 1 have collected all my
 capital, and have brought it to lodge
 i with you, in case it can be of any use;
 here it is; and he handed a bundle ol
 bank notes to the agitated Thompson.
 ‘ln a few days I’ll call again;’ and
 snatching up his hat, the stranger,
 throwing down his raid walked out ol
 the room.
 Thompson undid the roll; it contain
 ed £30,000! The stern hearted bankei
 —for all bankers must be stern —bursl
 into tears. The firm did not requirt
 this prop; but the motive was so noble
 I that even a millionaire sobbed—he
 could not help it. The firm is still one
 of the greatest in London.
 The £30,000 of the turnpike boy is
 now grown into some £200,000. For
 tune has well disposed of her gifts.
 KINDNESS, THE BEST PUNISH
 MENT.
 A Quaker of exemplary character
 was disturbed one night by footsteps a
 round his dwelling; and he arose iron
 his bed, and cautiously opened a bacl
 j door to reconnoitre. Close by was ai
 out-house, and under it a cellar, neai
 a window of which was a man busily
 engaged in receiving the contents o
 his pork-barrel from another within th&lt;
 j cellar. The old man approached, ant
 the man outside fled, he stepped u[
 to the cellar window and received th&lt;
 pieces of pork from the thief within
 who, after a little while, asked his sup
 posed accomplice, in a whisper. “Shal
 we take it all?” The owner of th&lt;
 pork said softly. “Yes, take it all,’
 and the thief industriously handed u|
 the balance through the window, am
 then came up himself, imagine hi;
 consternation when, instead of greeting
 j his companion in crime, he was con
 fronted by the Quaker. Both were as
 tonished, for the thief proved to be i
 near neighbor of whom none wouh
 have suspected such conduct H&lt;
 pled for mercy, begged the old mar
 not to expose him, spoke of the neces
 sities of poverty, and promised faithfully
 never to steal again.
 “if thou hadst asked me for meat,’
 said the old man, “it would have beer
 l given thee. 1 pity thy poverty and thy
 weakness, and esteem thy family. Thoi
 art forgiven.”
 The thief was greatly rejoiced, an(
 was about to depart, when the old mat
 said, “Take the pork, neighbor.”
 “No, no,” said the thief, “I don'
 want the pork.”
 “Thy necessity was so great that i
 led thee to steal. One half of the poll
 thou must take with thee
 The thief insisted he could nevei
 eat a morsel of it. The thoughts o
 the crime would make it choke him
 He begged the privilege of letting ti
 alone. But the old man was inexora
 ble, and, furnishing the thief with a
 bag, had half the pork put therein, and
 laying it upon his hack, sent him home
 with it. He inet his neighbor daily for
 many years afterward, and their fami
 lies visited together, but the matter
 was kept a secret; and though in after
 time the circumstance was mentioned,
 the name of the delinquent was never
 known. The punishment was severe
 and effectual. It was probably the first,
 it was certainly his last attempt to
 steal.
 Had the man been arramged before
 a court of justice, and imprisoned for
 the petty theft, how different might
 have been the result. His family dis
 graced, iheir peace destroyed, the
 man’s character ruined, and his spirit
 broken. Revenge, not penitence,
 would have swayed his heart, the scorn
 ot the world would have darkened his
 tuture, and in all probability he would
 have entered upon a course of crime at
 which, when the first offenco was com
 mitted, his soul would have shuddered.
 And what would the owner of the pork
 have gained? Absolutely nothing.
 Kindness was the best punishment, for
 it saved while it punished.
 Little Things not Trifling.—The
 nerve ot a tooth, not so large as the
 finest cambric needle, will sometimes
 drive a man to 4 distraaction. A inos
 queto can make an elephant absolutely
 mad. The coral rock which causes
 a navy to founder is the work of an in
 sect. That warrior that withstood
 death in a thousand forms, may be
 killed by an insect. The deepest
 wretchedness often results from a per
 petual continuation of petty trials. The
 formation of character often depends on
 circumstances apparently the most tri
 vial. An impulse, a casual conver
 sation, a chance visit, or somethiug
 equally unimportant, has changed the
 whole destiny of life, and has resulted
 in virtue or vice—m weal or in woe.
Policy. Some one hu defined
 Policy to consist in serving God in a
 manner not to offend the Devil.
Asylum for the Sick who h«»e been cob*
 fined to their bed* from 1 to 20 year*.
 DR. HAMILTON’S Hvdropntbic and Anyalytie
 Asvlem, No 217 Etching* Street. opposite the
 Orphan Kt\ him, Rochester. N Y This Institution
 if now firmly establidird mul in wfcarfal opera
 tion. Tlir proprittor aiaU-*e* twy di**** e In**
 admitted there, anti applie- the wtfmaland appro
 priate remedy. Although water i* used in every w ay
 tliar i* applied hi anv wi» ter-care establishment in
 ihe United SMates, vet the propriel'W wixle-f it t«» he
 expressly understood that it is not relied a* the only
 or principal remedy it: tlte treatment of disease Mite
 nutted to hia care
 This Establishment is designed lor that thus of
 invalids a ho have tailed to obtain their liealth by all
 other systems of jirarnce, and are still unable to
 walk or stand on their ieet, and are confined to their
 iwds, wearing out a life of misery and suffering with
 out any iiopr of ever being any better.
 The remedies made ok of in this Institution not
 only entirely remove disease but give increased
 strength and elasticity to the system. Many have
 lieeti lirought liere from different parts ol the ci»un
 try, who had neither walkeil or bonus their weight
 oii tlteir feet from five to tifteea years; and some
 who have licen unable to dress or undress, or even
 to fead themselves, and in the couise of a few weeks
 would be walking with the elasticity of youth ami
 the qtnckness'of a pedestrian, astonished at them
 selves, and surprising tlteir fiiemls and all who saw
 them when they lirst came. Tire treatment ol this
 Institution is particularly calculated t» remove the
 diseases peculiar to females, such as
 Ist. The falling uf the Womb, in ail its stages
 ami com! it ions in |iatietits, from twelve years «&gt;1 age
 up to sixtv, and even if they have been confined to
 tiieir beds from one to twenty, unable to stand, walk,
 dress, or undress tliemselves, or even too feeble to
 liear anv noise or speak aloud.
 2d. Weakness and Falling of tite Bowels; Fain
 in the Side, Shoulders, Back and Head" Spinal
 Diseases, Liver Complaints, Sinking Sensation it
 the Stomach, Palpitation ol tiie Heart, Dyspepsia
 in all its forms and stages, Piles. Costiveneas, DT
 arrhira. Suppress ion of the Menses, Excessive
 Menstruation, Whites, all Nervous Diseases, Cold
 Feet and Hands, St. Anthony’s Dance, Tetter* of
 nil kinds, Salt Rlietim, in its wont forms, Neural
 gia, Tic Douloureux, Rheumatism, Consuuiptiod in
 its tilst stages, General Weakness and Debilitv.
 The proprietor lias given his whole attention to
 tlie above diseases lor tiie last t en years, and has
 treated them in an entirely different way from any
 j other private practice or public Institution in this
 t country and such has lieen his success, and so cer
 tain are his remedies in their effects on those dis
 eases, that i nstead of publishing a long list of cer
 tified cures, he wishes to give that class of invalids
 seeking to obtain their health a sufficient guarantee
 against any false pretensions, exaggeration, impo
 sition or deception, so that no one need lie to any
 expense in this Institution u itliout lieing banefited
 The proprietor w ill enter into a special contrar.
 with any one who wishes to do so, that tie will ad
 mit into the Institution, to advance the money and
 pay ulI the expenses from any |&gt;art of the United
 States here and back home again, before he com
 mences the treatment, and give a bond to Imard them,
 together with his professional services, for nothing,
 if he does not help them according to contract. Any
 one thinking the above proposition not a sufficient
 guarantee against misrepresentations and expense
 without receiving equal benefit, car. let the proprie
 tor know what wii lie satisfactory, and it shall lie
 duly cot sidered.
 This Institution lias grown up from private prac
 tice by the inffnence of those who have I teen helped
 here, as nothing has ever been published before;
 l and the proprietor means that it shall sustain itsel.
 j by its own merits, or pay the expense of those who
 choose to make a contract in case of failure. The
 design of this Circular is not to make known the
 cures that have been made in this institution, because
 they must soon lie believed; but io let it lie more
 extensively known to the poor suffering invalids
 that have spent hundreds of dollars in trying ail
 other sy stems of practice, and w ithout much or any
 lienefit, and still remain confined to their beds from
 five to twenty years, that there is an Institution
 w hose treatment is different from any other one the
 United States, and is particularly adapted to their
 situation, and can have it cost them nothing unless
 they are materially benefited.
 From the nature of treatment in ihis Institution,
 the number of patients must be limited, therefore the
 proprietor does not solicit the patronage of slight ami
 ordinary cases which may Is* easily helped by othei
 systems of practice; nor does lie want any one tc
 come, unless they w ish to get well, and are willing
 to lie made well enough to walk from five to twenty
 miles at a time, and follow it up day after day in
 succession; and also willing to be made able to en
 dure as much labor and fatigue as most of people
 that call themselves well, as he means that every
 one that goes through a thorough course of treatment
 in the Analytic Institution shall shotv by their in
 creased strength, elasticity of motion, firmness ol
 texture, capability of endurance, and improved
 health, that the treatment in this Institution is found
 ed on the natural laws of organized matter, and
 consequently its superiority over every other dif
 ferent sy stem of practice.
 j All communications addressed to Dr. THOMAS
 'HAMILTON, Rochester, post paid, will receive
 i immediate attention. If requested, reference will
 be made to those w ho have been helped in this lusti
 tution and also good references as to responsibility
 orthe proprietor to meet the above expenses if,"
 jequired.
 “Every .Man his own Physician.”
 THE HOME DOCTOR.
 JUST' PUBLISHED, a new and valuable book
 for every family in the country, and one that may
 i lie consulted with perfect safety! As its title page
 indicates, it is “THE HOME DOCTOR, or Familv
 I Manual, giving tiie causes, symptoms and treatment
 I of Diseases; with an account of the system while in
 j health, anil rules for preserving that state. Appen
 ded to which are recipes for making various medi
 -1 cines and articles for diet for the sick room. The
 whole written for general use and dailvfpractice, by
 John B. Newman, M. 1).“
 Also, accompanying this booh, or separate, i,
 j “T HE HERB BOOK, a book devoted exclusively
 I to Herbs, giving their names, varieties,description,
 medical properties and doses, use, lime of gathering,
 and many oilier directions very useful for every fam
 ily to know and written expressly for family use.”
 The Herb Book is devoted solely to Popular Mid
 i cal Botany, and will furni«li on that point all the
 nesired information wanted for general use
 Tliejwo books are put up and bound together and
 I contain 200 pages, price 25 cents, or sold separate
 at 12 j cents.
 j The symptoms of each disease are carefully given,
 so tnat one may be recognized from another," to phi
 vent practising in the dark; also the treatment ,g
 sketch of general physiology, and rules for keepser
 in health, together yy itli observations on their causoe,
 means of avoiding deleterious influences, and snuc
 other remarks as are deemed appropriate, tbi
 malt and female.
 The I look lias been written with great care," in a
 plain, simple, common-sense style easily to I* un
 derstood by every person, and by a practical physi
 cian and a thorough botanist. \Ve cau recommend
 it with entire confidence, as being a work superior
 1 in all respects to any other liook of the kind ever
 published at tiie price,
 Families in the country, and especially those liv
 ing in new countries and unhealthy climates, should
 not fail to procure a copy and have n at all tunes at
 j hand, in case of sickness as tiiey might (hereby by
 some simple remedy save an etpensi »eand piotrac
 i ted doctors bill. \V hethei well or sick, such n liook
 should be in every house as a safe and sure advisei
 m time of need, the direction given lor jersoii* in
 health cannot be too strictly attended to by all.
 i lit price at which the book ie sold is so low that
 (every family may have a copy, and none slkhiU lie
 I without it.
 1 lie t,ook is pot up in Paper binding, and can
 easily be sent by mail. Postage only 64 cents to any
 aartoitlie United Slates.
 0O- Any person sending us one dollar by mail, and
 pud paying postage on trie letter, shall have four
 Copies sent him fret of pant age.
 Send m your order?*, there is no risk m sending
 money by- mail, it come# to us daily, and the books
 1 always reach thV destination.
 r J&gt; F our families can club together ami new! a
 dollar bill, and have four hooks sent to ne address.
 M A.\ I LD— Agents in most of the States to sell
 this work, almost every family will puirhaae it d
 carried to their doors. A small capital ul from S2O
 to S5O will be uecessarv for each agent. Addre.s,
 'rutpavi, GEO. W. FIS!!ER,
 April 1,1549 G Exchange-*!, Ruclwwtri, Y
 NORTHAMPTON WATER CURE
 T Electricity aud Hydropathy.
 HE public are respectfully informed, that since
 Use philosophical deduction* of the learner! !&gt;r.
 Meat.*, of Ernorv College, Ga., and tbe| srient 1 he
 experiments of Mr. Heimner of England,* have
 recently and indubitably cstabbshed ine tact, that
 the conclusions at which the undersigned arrived by
 the sense of touch, in 1544, are iu harmony with
 natural and physiological laws—to wit, that the
 human body, m a healthy condition, is in a ponint
 tiettneal Mate, and that the electrical emanations
 from the cuheuiar surface, indicate health, or the
 symptoms aad cliaracter of disease—there is some
 reason to hope, that certain physicians, ignorant ol
 ■-bese principles or natural laws, a knowledge of
 which is essential to the sale ami intelligent practice
 of the healing an, will cease their vociferations
 against the rusiTivx ttlUßicn state of the
 Human body, and will hesitate to dissuade those
 whom they have failed to relieve of their complaint*,
 from seeking nature’s remedy at the Noarusne.
 To* Water Cut. Thus sustained by the Ught
 of science, the undersigned may be permitted here
 to repeal his experience, that, to all cases where the j
wrist, stomach, or lungs, are in the efcclr
 condition, the patient i« beyoad the power •&lt;t water
 m afford relief. On the other hand, when ti imf
 of the body alluded 10, are in tlie eiecm&gt;-|*&lt;*ne
 •tale, huweTrr disarranged, them i« ground r. t
 for a cure.
 Had not the result* of pa*t year*’ uitrr
 aln*K convinced lire public of the .-arm or ji
 fulness of tiie principles by which the under* iipied j*
 governed, in detecting the symptom- ,»n d'r.cht
 of tliantse, anti practising tbc erne. ti»c tecr,,'
 tifie demonstration oi their correctness, In i’.
 Means and Mr. Ilemner, could m&gt;t i.tii
 the inofi incrctluloo-.
 Gratefully apprctMio.g inc rrcdit zeaeroo-K
 a wanted for hw surer-, n a lloirapjitJir I’m.
 ttoner, by 11 diacrrihng public, a,id the g.at.l.ale
 by Ihos, whomi he ha- lad tia» ple*,».n* t„
 relieve «»l their couipLiini,., die undersigned si 1
 assiduously ciuleavor to rmptsin ti* credit /a n*i merit
 that gratitude, in lltc rase every invalid nhu may
 afford idiri an opportunity to etiei t a cure, l&gt;y hi*
 original and phiio-oplnral method of practice.
 The Northampton Water Cure i- pleasantly siiu*
 aieil ocar Bensonville, on die tvctt Uuik of Licking
 Water. &lt;«r Mill River, almut two ami a lull' mile
 from the centre of tin* t,,wn. It i« conveniently
 arranged, with separate parlors, lathing ard dres«.
 ing -rooms, tor lauiie* and Gentlemen, well vemil.
 atetl and conveniently tmnisheii lodging room S ;iim)
 a variety ot lathe, supplied with water, w Inch, tin
 abundance, purity, am! adapted nes* to water-cure
 purpose*, is unsurpassed iiy that of any miter e,u
 hlishmeni in tins country. ‘Lite scenery in this
 vicinity is picture sqne and romantic There arc a
 variety ot pleasant walks, sufficiently rciired, to
 allow water-cure patient* to appear as they should,
 plainly dressed, enjoying tla ir ramble* vMii.mii
 liemg exposed to public gaze or olieervatioi
 Among tin* complaints which are In iv *n«ci-*iiiilv
 treated, are lieadaclie, tendency of blood to tin* head,
 cold extremities, general and nervous drbilto, hr on
 chitis, pulmonary alieciton, li'er complaint, jaun
 dice, acute or chronic ieffunmatioii of tin* Ix.wel.*,
 piles, dyspepsia, general debility, nervous ami spinal
 a flections, inflammatory and chronic rheumatism,
 neuralgia, sciatic t, tame limlie, par.ilv*iw, fevers, salt
 rheum, scrofulous and ery-ipr ia- humors.
 J All patients who visit this establishment torsi
 course ot treatment, should furnish themselves w ith
 three comfortables, three woollen blanket.-, one or
 two linrn and three cotton slieet.s, two pillow cases,
 six or eight crash towels, some well worn limn, to
 cut for fomentations, an old cloak or mantle, an um
 brella, and a [Kiir of slippers.
 Terms for treatment and Ixiard are j*s 50 t.
 50 per week, payable weekly—washing cxtia.
 A patient who from choice or the oh tractor cl hi,
 couipluint, occupies :i room alone on he third ff, M ,i,
 will pay s 8 00 per week—on the tin ami seconri
 fl&lt;*&gt;rs, 88 50 per week. Patients i quiring extra
 attention or tire in their rooms, (e\i »pt for swath
 ing purposes,) will furnish their own raises and fuel,
 or |&gt;av an extra price.
 lb RUGGLES.
 Northampton, March 1848.
 N.B. Visitors to the Egtablixlm nt, from the
 east, west, or soutli, can take the ca; of the Conn.
 River Railroad at Springfield. t arriages will
 always lie in readiness at the Northai ipton depot, tn
 convey them hither.
 The human ldood, in a normal art healths con
 dition of the human system, is in a positive ‘,rate,
 which is constantly maintained hv the activity of the
 generating sources within—an excess generally pass
 ing off in silence from the cuticular sot line, jo nun
 out of 356 exjieiiments made by Mr. Ilemmerot
 England,upon the uncovered skin. 322 indicated
 the presence of positive electricity. i his smplusage
 of the fluid upon the surface, we ve to lie imli
 pensable to the healthful condition of the whoh
 animal economy, and that when, from any cause,
 ce diminished or ceases, diseased a tioii ensues.’
 Geoaddress, delivered before the Met iral College o
 isSrgia, at the opening of its annual session, No'
 8, 1847, by A. Means. A.M., M.h Prof, s, or
 Chemistry anil Pharmacy, and Profe- or cl Ph\«ir
 Science in Emory College, Ga., pag» 25
 ATHOL HATER i IR E.
 THE Subscriber lx-gs leave to call tl.e attentioi
 of Invalids, especially those sufl'ering froti
 chronic disease, to his hydropathic establishment it
 Athol, Mass.
 II is house was openeti for the reception of patient
 last season, and it is believed offers excellent lari I i
 ties for aphilosopbic and thorough course in hydro
 pathv. The supply of water is abundant, and i,
 puritv has been pronounced equal to yyater on
 distilled.” The location is quite eligible, being bti
 a short distance from tiie V. M. railroad. ’J'lk
 vicinity abounds in a variety of scenery, and ha
 charming grounds for walks and rambles. So tlia
 with the water, suitable regimen, mountain air, am
 j exercise, patients can scarcely fail to obtain tin
 healthful results for which they labor.
 The following case illustrates this remark. Mrs
 8., wife of Dea. 8., of Warwick, Mass., ageii
 alxnit thirty-five years, was brought to me lasi
 August. lier case presented the following pheno
 mena. If placed in an erect position, and left un
 supported, she forthwith fell backward to the
 ground. It being well supported, she made an
 effort to walk, either foot, when carried forward,
 despite her efforts to the contrary, would cross the
 other. Bhe had been in this condition nenriv a
 year. Her treatment commenced the 16th of Sept.,
 and was continued n&gt; the 25th Oct. only, when she
 left, so far recovered as to 1*; able t.&gt; walk half a
 mile with ease. Since her return to her family, she
 has continued her baths, with corresponding im
 provement to her health. She now attends m her
 domestic duties, and with the assistance of a small
 girl, does the work of her family.
 Patients are desired to bring three comfortables,
 one pair of woollen blankets, one pair of sheets,
 half a dozen towels marked, with old linen lor
 bandages.
 Terms, from five to ten dollars |*-r week, accord
 ing to the necessities or choice of the patient-.
 Those who are les-&lt; particular in the selection &lt;4
 rooms, or are willing to occupy them m r.tmmou
 with others, will he charged less.
 Athol, March, 1848. GEORGE HOYT.
 British Periodical Literature,
 l'&gt;,r ld/ntlun ijuarttrii/ Kt-ineu t/u: KitinLuJi-h /{n it"
 The North British Rctuu:, the V\ ntinm.itt Bmur,
 nail Black Uood' i Edi’tbui%h Magazine.
 'THE w ide-spread fame of these splendid peiiodi-
 X cals renders it needless to say much in their prai-e.
 As literary organs, they stand far m advance nl
 anything ol the sort now pohli.-hed, white the polit
 ical complexion ol t-a&lt; h is marked by* a dignity
 candor, and lorbearance, not o|ten found m yynrk
 of a party character.
 They embrace tiie view of the three great parties
 in England—Tory, Whig, and Radical. Black
 wood and the London ttuurte.rly are Tory the
 Edinburgh Reyirvi Whig; and the Westmin
 ster Review Radical. The North British Re
 view is more of a religious character, having Ix-eo
 originally edited by Hr. Chalmers, and now since
 his death, l»eing conducted by his son-in-law Dr.
 Hanna, associated yyith Sir Havid Brew-ter. Its
 literary character is of the very highest order. The
 Westminster, though reprinted under that title only
 is pilbhseed in England under tile title of 1 he Foi
 eign Quarterly and W esuninstei —it lx*ing in fact a
 union of the two Reviews formerly republished and
 reprinted under separate titles. It has, therefore
 die advantage by tin- Combination ot’ uniting in one
 work the best features of both as heretofore issued.
 Tire above Periodicals are reprinted in New York,
 immediately on their arrival by tiie British steamers,
 iu a beautiful clear type, on fine white pajxr, and
 are faithful copies of the originals, Blackwood’*
 Magazine, being an exact fac-nouUof tiie Edinburgh
 edition.
 rices for 1849, (ir si b&amp;crjbeo fok larlv.)
 For any one of tie* four Reviews, .*3 00 per annum.
 For any two do 5 00
 For auv three 7 (Ml
 For ail four of the Reviews, 8 ffft
 Foi Blackwood’* Magazine, 3 00
 Fur Blackwood and the 3 Krv.rtv-, 9 00
 For Blackwood the 4 Reviews, 10 00
 Pni/rrvnts to bf made it all eases in advance,
 CLUBBING.
 Four copies ol any or all tire above works will b
 sent to one address un payment of tire regular *ub
 script ion tor three (he tourth copy liemg gratis.
 early copies
 A bne ar raagcncM with ihe British publishers of
 Bbukwood’s Magazine secures t»&gt; ns early -beets ot
 that w&lt;srk, by which we »haii Is- able to place the
 entire number in the hands »üb*crdjers la-fore any
 purtroo of it can Ire reprmleri in any of yre Aruerrcai!
 Journals. For this and other advantages secured to
 our subscribers we pay so large a consideration, that
 we may U- compelled to raise trie pi st of the Maga
 zine. The ret ore we repeat subscribe early while
 the price is low*.
 Remittances and communications -houid be always
 po*t-paid or franked, lo the tmbiisbets,
 LEONARD SCOIT k (O
 70 Fulton street, New York
 \l ILLIAM B. LUG A lVaJer in I aihiunsiik
 V V botA* and Bhoe*. SO. P urrha*** Street, New
 Bedkmi.
 M B. L. keeps constantly ou iand a goal assort
 mem, amt will sell cheap for cash. Stricuatu-ntioo
 End to cnst-’io-uode work, l&gt;v Messrs. Parker and
 avis
 TI7AHHIXGTON’&gt;» lh|urm»ii GalW-rv, 130
 Mam iltiwi, Kellogg's Budding-. ifartWu
 CwMKtim.
BOYS’ CLOTHING.
 CAM I'LL WILSON, |O, BrmiJk tttmt.kf,..
 oMki» rroenl addiUou* to hi* rtudi, Lueimrrd i?,
 furm»h BOVS* CLOTHING, U u toUl
 m 4 it, nad »t u dwmp prK**, unite t±**.~*A
 Jm cay.
ir POVERTY:
 ,TS «lAE«AL AI SFS LECJjU
 (THE M
 LYSANOCX SPOON**.
 A!l n v r*]|. iJ—“ A
 u Trr r |h imu‘kabie pfodottifm."—
 n V'T '*f Mr. Spoons
 rr,!i by n» f«n oj hl#
 rr Mo f*'Wf"’" l but f hetsrtih- cotn
 h -endeavot «t» notice of all .ho (orp a
 1 mi hint led* -rrj ,d
 r .n*| thought-nod entire treedom from the cant
 i K»* judicial writer, he ha* a depth
 a compa*., tar beyond any &lt;-n« at*,,* product,**,,
 have itwt our nr in a Innf time.”
 Hunt’* Merchant** Majari |f a! rHr
 in Isold ami original thought* The ,j]en| cnine*'*
 poverty are stated, ami .1 mn.hr r ..f important prno*’.
 aitM.us hearing m the mincer bid r an.’ &gt;a tf
 «hole. »f ruiiv.hr it a work well worth
 attur.i’ng a. it doe, many v.luab* hint, tothe'aute*
 man and politu al ero**&gt;rni*t.”
 The fW&lt;-r G,,erte say, An .hie an,l c rUl
 IT r.Kma! u. rk. In ,n th. pen ..f Lv*arster
 author of tiujt powerful fw»&gt;k which ,W
 rtr.»tr-- tie tmc«*n»titiitionalin of America,, S\
 Thr, r„ M writer of the to*,rat f
 r bins; titan .Spoonet Tm* »,.rk it ,v.
 t'twl to h'a.l to re exnnjinati. ii of all f u!u^r
 tem» ot political economy.’ At fir*t blush bn e,
 noimetil proposition* strike 1. .ust-viml U~ r
 tl.ey are an, Ilia work wiil prevail, atr.l produce* ,r*
 important revolution in 11 (n.«em pi.*» nhng
 tein.
 Even lie *itoii!d 1 id it.”
 ni l A M |*nl,, Bov.
 Fart I Price 25 (Vnt-
 On3ffl?!RW
 flßßflßsgHSiltlS
 lii'MS |f»fiali!f Extract
 I- the only it-n-edy 11i,.t in l* rehed k* Uu
 pcun.utciii .me ot &gt;p.i-n u. Contraction*. Inn*.
 tioMot tl.e N.rv.-, N.-tv i* o, Sirk Headache
 Aril, a* Tremor*., \eiinii-ie A fleet ions, Genera
 IVi.ility. D. tl. sot |,wl Plus,rnl Fne,
 gy,und a.I Nervous l iitoni* I including tlie nva:
 oreatllul ot ,10 ijsr.ai ’Fiat .itleri tie hiunan mee
 h.jau-j i&gt;y, ,)T l liv-ileur.il Fit*.
 onvuUioi.-. Spurn It aeft known, liu.
 Itoai rnu, nail 11,01 ial. Pin Mt i.tia have pron..not ed
 F.j.ilepta Fits iia 111 iblc. It Itu* U.tHe.l all i|,eo
 skill, anil 1 1 te U.;isti il |M&gt;wei ot all meilieine, aa.i
 con*, (ji,* i,t!\ ,liorstu!(|s have softere, 1 tltrou*), um.
 erai&gt;k‘rsisieu, ainl at last iekietl up then In,
 the Alter ..J ln»unil, —’l pruj net, lot the
 able F.\	iart, Iniwer, 1 I, els ihi ik'licacv 1:, savin,
 that it :tu Is- uiir.;, lie would, therefore, ie*;s-, i
 lolly invite pin siii.ois, and all others who oe mtri
 e*t, ,1. to i virni a the testiitionv w hi, h is In reofleivd
 It it is deception, lei it lie \|sise,l hot it a
 true, then in the name of humanity, m&gt; loin'll let
 t&gt;e said that Epilepsy is inctiral le.
 Heart's Vegetable f'xtrart. —For sixteen vest*,
 lias been tested l&gt;\ many pet sons win, hale sutiere.l
 with this dieadtnl di-stise, and in every rase wliers
 it has had a tan trial, has ellected peimaosr. 1
 cure.
 01. Ih i'slou ot A onkers, N,m ,ik, si ites ih.n
 !&gt;i-' daughter Ju« Uen afliirted with Fits tor nioie
 ti'-an nine year-', nnd ha- I sen cored by the use ot
 tit: Vegetal le Extract.
 Alls. .1. Hiadey, lln Orchard street, New Votk,
 Stales ilia! she has Ism s,.|,je( t to Fits for many
 year-, and has bent restored to peiletf health (atte.
 eyei v ntl.er meat's had tailed) by the use of tire
 Vegetable Extract.
 Ih. f I mrle s A. In ow n, ~t I lover, Kussell co
 Alabama, who i' one t the best Physicians in the
 .Suite, says that he ha- Is-eu much lienefitted by tlie
 o-e ot tin egttabie Extrad, and that lie unliesitai
 mgly pre.senit es it m every case of Epilepsy which
 ‘ou.es mil tor Ins knowledge.
 t intis Mayberry, l&gt;i|., fom.erly Postmaster
 at l.nne Mills, Ciawlord Co., Pa., now bvm*
 Erie t 0.. Pa., states that lor many y'-ar* past lie
 has licen sorely aliiictcd with Fits, ami he now
 state that .1 perneveriti" use of l) r Hart’s
 eg, table L.xtnu t, has restored him to sound health
 being entiiely freed from that worst of all diseases'
 Judge Han ;.ii, N. 156 Henry street, New Vork,
 having us, d tla- Vegetable F.xiiact siiccessfullv n,
 hi* tamilv, highly lecommends it 'o all persons wl o
 ate alilicieit w nil I its.
 M» phen 1.. of Sixth Avenue
 and I weiiiv-Stxiii -tieet, New. York, states that
 Mr. ‘tti-. 11. Houghton, a mender ot hi* I'linilv lm*
 la-ci» .-1 *i-v&lt;-,*ly at.hi red with E[&gt;ileptic Fits foe
 many year*, that he ua* obliged to re 1 1 wju i, h his
 business. Havine'imed I&gt;i llait’s Vegetable Ex
 trait (says An. Pratt,) he w.is siX)ii restored to
 perlect health, and left this cuv for the Slate 1.1
 1 Ulrtu to lesume his huainess.
 Rev. Mr. Smith, Rector of st. Pcteri Cltutcn,
 Spotsuood, New Jersey, who has been aflltctod
 with Epileptic Fits for more than forty rears, state*
 that he lias used Dr. Hart’s Vegetable Extract, and
 hie health has U-en so much improved that he hopes
 by Divtite blessing, to have no more Fits.
 EjAlrjJtc Fits. —For twenty-seven years and six
 months, cured by the use of this truly wonderful
 medicine.
 Read the tallowing 1, mar I-a) le i,e of the sou (4
 H in. Secure, Esq, ol Ph.Ldelphi.i, afflicted with
 Epileptic Fits twenty •seven &gt;e.,r&lt; and ,-ix months
 •Alter travelling through England, S otlan i,
 many ainl I'laiue, cou*n!liiig tin- most eminent
 physicians, and expending ba medicine, medical
 treatment and adv ice three thousand dollars, returned
 with Ids son to this country in November last., with
 nut receiving any benefit whatever, and was cured
 by using Hart's Yegrtablt Fxtract. —l have siiet.t
 over three thousand dollars for medicine and medical
 attendance, I was advised to take a tour to Eu
 rope- with-him which I did. I first visited England,
 I consulted the most eminent physicians there -’ii
 respect to ibis case; they examined him and presen
 l&lt;ed accordingly. 1 remained there three month*
 w rtbout Ijen eiving any change for the lietter. which
 c.»=t me about two hundred and titty dollars, pock
 tied by tin- physician*, and tin- most that I received
 wa.- their opinion that mi son case was hope Jes.
 and POSITIVEI.I IM l RABI.E. I accordingly
 hit England travelled through .s&lt;ot| a „d, (Jermaii,
 uni I I .nice, and returned home in the month ot
 Nnvt-mliei fi-t, with my on as tar t'rotu fieing cuter’
 ar when I left, 1 saw your advertisement in one ot
 lb.- \ou York paper-, and concluded to try Hjil’»
 Vegetable Exiruet, .f-ing your statements and
 ertitu ales ot so many 111, some o| twenty and
 thiity 'eai* standing, and I can assute you I am noi
 *om I did so, a.* bv ii,e ice of Hart’s Vegembh-
 Exnati alone be wa, restoie.l t.. PEKFECI
 111, AI ■I IF Hi- 1 ej«o!i, w null »as hi far gone JJ to
 unlit him tor Unim *s i- mlii.-Iv rest.uni, with liir
 piorpect now lietore him of lile, health and u**ful
 ness. He i* IH)W \e.a* of age, and 2? ve.u*
 moutliß of tin* time luis l*s-;i Willicled with thia
 most dreadlul ol diseases, bill thank iod is now
 enjoying goml lie.dih.
 Now, mr, laith wjthoaf vvoiks I don't I**lle \r
 01. 1 o say i shall lie evri gialeluj to von is oiie
 thing, and a» I In re m lose you one immlred dollar*,
 I have no doubt but you wifi tin ,k tlii- am,(her and
 quite a different thing. Ibe debt of gratitude I •fill
 owe you; hill plea-s* accept till* amount a* nileirst
 on tin-debt in advance,
 A our*. Very respectfully,
 (signed) WII.I.IA.Af SECORE.
 TESTF.AION A I puN TE.SSTIMOW.
 In reference to the aim. st miraculmw elfwacv ol
 tins truly wonderful inedu lead tin- followu
 letter from Dr U. L Al.mroe, ot Hu,Kurd, Ohio
 one of the most eminent .pbv*i&lt; ,an* in that place
 fiinlloid, Ohm, August 17, lH4b
 liroda-r Ulinrer in the cause of imman.iy—Deai
 nr Iti* with no small degree of pleasure thai I
 am enabled to announce to y o the complete trmmph
 of your invaluable auedM.ine m ran-s of Epilepsy. I
 bite prescribed it in Ifur nuUiues m th,, vicim’y,
 and it lia* been highly successful m ait. id tree o
 die fratients, 1 trust, nave beet, i. to nail y rurcrl.
 Tlie Fourth one 1* tapjoly ni.i,roving, and vx*ll, 1
 think without doubt recover. I am not in the )i*hu
 ol pre*criij,ug or patent medicine*
 fsit yviien l see an article which promise* *0 muck,
 for tt»e relief of *utfering Immunity, I Jeel mv .!ut%
 to u-cotnuieiHi it, and 1 have no liesiutiin in sav
 ing dial as soon d.&lt;- faculty are fully acquainted
 with tlie real merit &gt;d your medicine, tliey wtb
 dose thrit eye- ag»"*t prejiahee and tend 'vim
 helping hand,
 I sub*, rtbe irt\seif your*, mncerelv,
 V. L. MONkOE, M. D
 To Dr. Hart, New A urk.
 THE TIME is NOT FAR DISTANT
 tbrmaaml* wiw are now trembimg urefet
 the hartri ot thus oieadfu! diwaae, aml ieanaj ‘u*i
 every attack may pro** E*tal, w,!| (s ik!
 felwt ami be re.tore.l Ur new lite, bv tumg th;.
 ctktbT ilr*; iur&gt; •hciiir.
 UAEK ONE iIiOI'SAXD CERTIFiOATES
 Have oecu ictcived u» tegUmony or the UeiwUra,
 b !U: h: Ha 1 t'r A qro
 p- Prepared by g HART, M D New A otk
 nee, one package OU
 l&gt;o toll piidu|t!9 10 W
 Do eight package* 2U UU
 yxfr* P W careluiiy packed up m lioxe* for «&lt;ftua
 pwUtiou, and send u, anv part of the tailed
 'W,t Indie*
 THOMAS k MILM, lt&gt;9 M:*m street, Cu
 Clßixitt, Ohio, Oeneral Agent* for the L’mtcd
 state*, to whom all contnmmcat*oii* most be ad
 dreawi Po*t Paid.
 A- E k D. SaacU Coruet ot F uiion at*; AA ilhaa. !H
 New York.
 H. D AVade, Mam St Paui* Rocitf«t*r.
 E. Hollwlge, 217 .Main ttreet Builaio,
 •J. k E- Gaylord, Agent* for Cleveland Ol»*o,
 Fay k KibUjornr, oiumbua,
 J G k G. li Hill, l&gt;eUoit, Micii.gaa,
 AA tn. Cuuuiughaw, Millwaukrc A\ 1*
 J. R Heed, and Co-, Chicago 111.
 Doct T. Ala*ou, Dulunjoe loWa
 11. llltduity, wl Co., hit. Lou,* M j
 Aad for gale by most of the principal Ihyggiitta,
 thraughowt the La*led State*.
 TliOMA* fc AllLlJt, las hUm urea*.
 Sep- R*-!) CmctHaat^Ohua
