FREDERICK DOUGLASS, i
 V R. DELANY, Esivons.
VOL I. NO. IX.
The NORTH STAR U pablfehed every
 Friday, at No* 35, llatlalo Street,
 (Oppvntt ike Arcade.)
 TERMS.
 Two dollar* jx-r amum, nlteuf* m mdvanct. No
 HbifrifKi m wiH he r«.’jT«l for t ten# than
 months.
 AilYcrti«emrit9 not trn !|!V*n iniK»itctl
 three ti a*, tor onre dollar; ercry ro!*w|«cnt inser
 tion, twenty-five cent*.
 The object tin; North Star ml! he tnaturh
 Slavery in all iU forws anl a*pecl»; advwcaU
 UjmVersal- Evasciehtio:*; exalt tlie «tanl*nl
 of PtJnt.ic Moralitt; promote the n»'&gt;rml aad in
 tallertu.il improvement of ih* Colored Peofi.e;
 and hasten the day of FREEDOM to tk? Three
 Millions of onr Esjlaved Fellow Cols-
 TRrMCR.
 PI RUSHER S NOTICES.
 90* Aii e nimmiration* relating to the butinm
 Hnttm of the paper, i»am-* of •ulweriljer*, remit
 tances, tee., *h»ulJ be addressed t» tViLLIA* C.
 N ei l, l'«tWi''ier.
 (TJ* Ate an 1 all oth rs sending names, are
 fwj'jevtcd t, Is* a~e*irnt?, ail give the Pat 0£ r e, s
 tlie C u i/y, n i Via Sine. Each Subscriber is im
 :*e r.-\- r Jite! f.r in mey received.
 j*e»« a vending t:t tV pavtßnt fur f ntr j
 to },i ivaid? to win- rc*», mas
 u*‘ v
 :;*u -j'.J r,.n :i i’ii in &gt;-t L* |RjH
 pj,i j
 LIST OF AGENTS.
 M usachi'lUTTs.—-!t. F. Walcott.2l, ContliiHf
 Uosto.i; XiUiiaiiJnb i» *n, New Bn If ml; Horatio \N
 Fost*r, I.'iwell; Ja ii N. II iffu ri, Lym; Ocjrgej
 Evans, Worcester llonnie Spooner, IMv-'Rontli;
 t'harhss li. Scl'.i, SpiiogfieU David kug'lcs,
 Northampton; 11. C’arjic itcr, I pt in.
 Maivk. —Oliver D_*ir»crr, Portland.
 Vi roost.—Rowland T. Robinsaa, North Fer
 ri sharg.
 t’ovVETTlCCT.—Jonathan Leonard, Mcri len.
 New Hampshire.—Weare Tapp.iu. Bradford, j
 New York.—Sy Incv If. Gay, 112, Nassau;
 Street; Jane* MrfhnrS null, 93, fst Braalivav;
 Jo**;»h -Post, Westbnrv, ti'ieen Cmmtr, Mary Har
 per, Albiuv; Elias Dotv, Macadon; Willt ttslvoe.se,
 Peru. Clint'in C&gt;ui»\; William S. Baltimore, Troy;
 J. F. Platt, Pen Yaa; J. JeTrey, ficueva.
 Knout Island. Aunrancy Paine, Provi lence.
 Pek vsyi.v\m a.— J. M. M’Kiut, 31, North Fifth 1
 Street, Philadelphia; it. W. Ootties, 8. Exchange
 I'la-e, Ditto; 11. Vasho i, B. Bown, Pittsburg; j
 Willia u Whipver, Colu übia; Isaac Roberts, Jacob
 L. Paxon, Norristown, M ontgoinery County.
 Ohio.—(Christian Douul Ison, Cincinnati; f».
 •Cartsr, Ditto; Valentine Nicholson, Harveys!Nirgh,.
 Warren County Samuel Brooke, Salem.
 Michigan.—Robert Banks. Detroit.
 Indiana.—Joel P. Davis, Economy, Wayne Co. I
 L\W OF NEWSPAPERS.
 1. Sulw'-Tihers who do not give express notice to
 the contrary, are considered as wishing to continue
 their snlwriptio is.
 2. If siilMcrihcrg or.icr the discontinuance of their
 papers, tin' publishers may continue to send until all
 arrearage* arc paid.
 3. If stills,Tillers neglect or refuse to take their
 papers from the oliire to which th.-y are directed, tliey
 are held responsible till they settle their bill and order I
 their papers to be discontinued.
 4. If sub*.‘riber.* move to other places without!
 informing the publisher, and their paper is sent toj
 tie* fir mer diricirm, they are hel I responsilrle.
 5. Tiie courts have decided that refusing to take
 a newsp ip r *r or |H*riodic il from the office, or removing
 and leaving it uncalled for, is pnmx facie evidence of:
 rftrrnli &gt;nxl fraud.
 Removal*.—ln giving notice of a chnng-* of
 residence, lie sure an I state the Post’fJ.ricii to w.iich
 t!se paper has formerly lieen sent.
S E L E T I 0 X S.
 SIIACK FORD’S LKt'TI’KK ON TilK
 WAIi WITH HL XK O.
 I take as the subject of my Lecture,
 the “War with Mexico,” because it is.
 at present, the subject which should
 engage our attention, it is the question
 of our country, in which its prosperity
 is most concerned. And I take it,
 moreover, because there is a disposition
 very generally manifest, to leave this
 subject exclusively to professed politi
 cians, when these politicians themselves
 take their tone from the people, and
 are but the echoes of public senti
 ment.
 Hence it would be to lose all moral
 influence, for us to be quiet and silent,
 leaving to them the exclusive considera
 tion of this great question. God be
 thanked, that there is yet left some lit
 tle appearance of freedom, and that out
 public affairs have not yet fallen to the
 absolute disposal of a few, with no op
 portunity for the rest to send forth re
 monstrance and rebuke. If, then, it
 be true that office-holders are not our
 hut rather th'* servants of pub
 lic opinion; if they an* loir the hands to
 execute our u'ork. and tin; mouth
 pe- -.es to express our thoughts, it be
 longs to each one t let Ins thoughts
 and work be kn &gt;wn. Kach one is to
 take heed that he shall do something
 towards giving a high, pure, and Chris
 tian tone to the opinion of that circle,
 however small it may be, in which he
 moves; so that, finally’, all the many
 streamlets shall converge to one centre,
 and thus shall fertilize and bless the
 whole country.
 It sometimes happens in the private
 history of an individual, that when he
 begins to congratulate himself upon
 Ins exalted stale, the ground shakes
 beneath him, and he falls an easy vic
 tim to some sin or passion, which lie
 thought' he had escaped. The mist
 envelopes him, and shuts out the sun
 light. And so it is w ith a people. We,
 to-day, exemplify the fact in our own
 history. Wc, who have boasted so
 much of the wisdom and philanthropy
 of our times, who began to speak ol
 war as the relic of barbarous ages, and
 fluttered ourselves that we were re
 moved from the dangers of foreign
 war, despotic armies, and a resort to
 sword and cannon; we, who hoped that
 the reign of force, and the day of the
 bloody warrior was well nigh over; that
 the peaceful kingdom of industry, sci
 ence, arts, schools, commerce, justice,
 and love had begun to dawn, and
 would speedily culminate into the full
 brightness of noon; who were nur
 tured in abhorrence of foreign war,
 and thought we had opened a fairer ca
 reer of progress than any of the old
 nations, weakened und worn out by
 their very conquests; we, wh looked
 upon a national war as an impossibility,
 have had our pleasing dream dispelled.
 The shadows are about us, and a
 dense cloud envelopes every object.
 We art; engaged in a war of con
 quest. All the resources of our nation
 for to-day and many days to cotnc, arc
THE NORTH STAR..
'l applied to inflict the horrors of war
 j upon a neighboring people. We art
 recorded in the book of history, as the
 murderers of thousands whose only
 crime was living upon their native soil.
 We have sent thousands of «o?r breth
 ren to die bv the sword and pestilence,
 to stain their hands in blood, to be
 trained in the school of abject slavery,
 to stifle conscience and the thought ol
 better things, to forget their humanity
 and the sweet influences of a mother's
 prayer, to learn the trade of vengeance
 and destruction. We have caused to
 ascend the crp ian’s cry and the wid
 ow ’s wail. We have sacked cities,
 overturned thefpursuits of peace, and
 used our wealth, science, means, and
 men, for war upon a foreign soil.
 Truly is this matter the question ol
 to-day; and the question, not of politi
 cians merely, but of every individual
 who has heart, or thought, or con
 science. It is a question which should
 torment each one of us, until it is an
 swered, how we shall do our pait to
 wards right and justice; how, whatever
 evils may beial, we may ieel tUut out
 consciences are tree from blame, Not
 yet in our country are the governed
 one caste, and the governors another.
 While, therefore, we are all interested,
 we are all responsible. In the name of
 the people, of which we aie a part, is
 this war waged. To the extent, there
 fore. of our acquiescence by silence,by
 indifference, by a lct-a-lone policy, are
 we really guilty.
 About twelve years ago, when the j
 idea of the annexation of Texas to the
 United States was derided by men ol
 all parties, as would lie the idea of the
 annexation of Botany Bay,—when the
 Politicians were asleep and saw no
 signs of the approaching evil, —there J
 proceeded from one w ho was regarded
 by them as a mere Dreamer and The- j
 orist, and was directed to stick to his
 trade of preaching from the pulpit, a
 word which was a voice of prophecy,
 so literally has it been fulfilled. At that
 time Dr. ('banning wrote his letter to
 Henry Clay “On the Annexation ol
 Texas to the United States,” a letter
 which, like the w arning of all prophets,
 fell upon deaf and incredulous ears. In
 this letter he says: By this act, our
 country will enter on a career of en
 croachment, war, and crime, and will
 merit and incur the punishment arid
 woe of wrong-doing. The seizure oj
 Texas will not stand alone. It will
 darken our future history. It will be
 linked by an iron necessity to long
 continued deeds of rapine and blood.— i
 Texas is a country conquered by our
 citizens; and the annexation of it to
 our Uni m, will be the beginning of con
 quests, which unless arrested and beat
 en back by a just and kind Providence,
 will stop onhj at the Idhmus of Darien.
 Henceforth we must cease to cry,
 peace, peace! Oir Eagle trill u'hrt,
 no! &lt;rirge its appetite on its first victim
 and will snuff' a more tempting quarry,
 more alluring blood, in every new re
 gion which opens Southward. To an
 nex Texas is to declare perpetual war
 with Mexico. Texas is the first
 step to Mexico The moment we plant
 our authority on Texas, the boundaries
 of these tiro countries trill become nomi
 nal, will be little more than lines on the
 sand of the sea-shore. Can Mexico
 look without alarm on the approaches
 of this ever-growing tide? Is she pre
 pared to be a passive prey? to shrink
 and surrender without a struggle? Is
 she not strong in her hatred, if not in
 her fortresses and skill?— strong enough
 to make war a dear and bloodij game
 Even were the dispositions of our gov
 -1 eminent most pacific and opposed to en
 croachment, the annexation of Texas
 would almost certainly embroil us with
 Mexico. Have we counted the cost
 of establishing and making perpetual
 these hostile relations with Mexico?—
 Will wars, begun in rapacity, carried
 on so far from the centre of tlie confcd
 oraffon, and of consequence, little
 cheeked or c ih.it!ed b&gt;\ ('mj’ress, add
 strength to our institutions, or cement
 our Union, orexeit a healthy moral ‘in
 fluence on rulers or people? What
 limits can he set to tiie atrocities of
 such conflicts? Whnt limits to the
 treasures which 'mu&gt;t be lavished on
 such distant borders? What limits to
 the patronage and power which such
 distant expeditious must accumulate in
 the hands of the Executive l Are the
 blood and hard-earned wealth of the
 older States to be poured out like wa
 ter, to protect and revenge a new peo
 ple, whose character and condition
 wffll plunge them into perpetual
 wrongs
 Those words have now become his
 torical fact. They contain the whole
 explanation of the war in which we are
 noiv engaged. r l hey were based on n
 knowledge of the essential principles of
 human nature, a keen perception of the
 realities of national character, and pro
 ceeded from one w ro wrote free from
 the bias of party and political ambition,
 whose finer instincts were alive to the
 influences at work in the moral world
 of causes.
 But no one believed in the necessity
 of the warning. One year passed af
 ter another, and the advocates of this
 measure were pursuing their work, oji
 eraiing stealthily and steadily. Mo
 party dared to advocate the measure of
 Annexation. As is well known, our
 Massachusetts Legislature in |(S43 pro
 tested against it in the strongest terms
 and both Whigs and Democrats united
 in the protest. The Cabinet of Van
 Buren, when Texas first applied, in
 1817, were unanimous in rejecting the
 proposal. Mr. Forsyth, the Secretary
 of State, thus replied: So long as
 Texas shall remain at war, while the
 i United State* are at peace with her ad
 versary, the proposition of the Texan
 Miui*ter Plenipotentiary', necessarily in
 ro/rcs the question of tear tedh that ad
RIGHT IS OF XO SEX-TRUTH IS OF NO COLOR-OOD IS THE FATHER OF US ALL, AND ALL WE ARE BRETHREN.
versary." And, again, in 1&amp;44, Mr.
 Van Buren wrote, as te tstbU men,
 1 we cannot avoid the conclusion, that
 1 the immediate annexation of Texas
 would draw after it a war with Mexico,
 can it be expedient to attempt it
 Could we hope to stand justified in the
 eyes of mankind for entering into such
 a war? More especially, i its com
 mencement is to be preceded by the ajy
 propriation to our own uses of the terri
 tory, the sovereignty of which is in dis
 pute between tiro nations, one of which
 we are to join in the struggle?” And
 Henry Clay wrote atthesime time,
 “Annexation and tear with Mexico are
 identical.” And a large meeting at
 New York, composed of mm of both
 parties, at the same time, unanimously
 adopted the following resolution, re
 ported by a prominent Democrat:
 Resolved, That the Annexation of
 Texas to this Union, as now contempla
 ted, would, according to the acknowl
 edged lairs of nations he a positive de
 claration of war against Mexico, a war
 of conquest and an unjust war, in
 which this nation would be supported
 by no sense of right, and be condemned
 by the unanimous voice of the civilized
 and Christian world.”
 What else could be made of it?—
 Mexico was at war with Texas. We
 had an existing treaty with Mexico, then
 in full force, which stipulated, that
 there should be a firm, inviolable, and
 universal peace, and a true and sincere
 friendship between the United States ol
 America and the United Mexican States,
 in all the extent of their possessions.”
 Now what can be said of the measure
 of incorporating, as a pait of our ter
 ritory, and thus adopting all her quar
 rels, a nation with which Mexico was
 at war, and which she claimed the
 right at any moment of invading.—
 What if the Canadas had become sep
 arated from Great Britain, and we had
 thus incorporated the territory into our;
 own? According to the law of nations,
 would not war have been inevitable
 with Great Britain? Would this deed,
 think you, have been dared? What it
 South Carolina had carried out her
 plan of nullification, had thrown off all
 connection with the United States, and
 war having followed, England had en
 tered even into an alliance with that
 State, would not England have expect
 ed to go to war with our country,
 also
 It is/ indeed, too plain a point to be
 argued; and so Gen. Houston thought;
 for lie says very coolly in Congress,
 when the Senate w as deliberating, May,
 1845, on the war message: It is now
 too late to deliberate. Texas and Mex
 ico have been long at war, and the
 United States became a party to thatj
 war in consenting to annexation.”— J
 Why, Gen. Jackson, in IsT&gt;, even in;
 regard to the minor point of acknowl
 edging the Independence of Texas,!
 says: “The acknowledgment of a new
 State as independent, is at all times an
 act of great delicacy and responsibility;
 but more especially so, when such aj
 State has forcibly separated itself from
 another, which still claims dominion 1
 over it. A premature recognition, un
 der these circumstances, if not looked!
 upon as justifiable cause of war, is
 ahvays liable to be looked upon as proof
 of an unfriendly spirit to one of the con-'
 tending parties.”
 But time passed on. The slave
 power, blind to all rights where its own
 prosperity was concerned, used to'
 trample upon the rights of man, nursed
 in oppression and force, this power was
 at work, and resolved upon annexation
 in spite of all danger, the law of na
 tions, treaties, and protests. A new
 slave-market must be opened. Texas
 must be secured to us forever from be
 coming an independent free State, or
 “ourdomestic institution' 5 will be very
 short-lived. Mr. Upshur said in 1839,
 in the Virginia Convention, “If it
 sh &gt;u!d be our lot to acquire Texas, the
 price of slaves will rise.” And when
 it was feared that Texas would abolish
 slavery, the Secretary of State, tiie
 same Mr. Upshur, i:i 1843, wrote to
 our Minister in Texas, “That the es
 tablishment in the very midst of our
 slaveholding States of an independent
 government forbidding the existence of
 slavery, could not faij to produce the
 most unhappy effects. There could
 not be any security for that species of
 property.” And in 1844, he wrote to
 our Minister in England, “If Texas
 should not be attached to the United
 States, we cannot inaintoiu that institu
 tion teu years.”
 And so the slave interest labored
 with dogged perseverance, caring little
 for reproach or opposition. Its work
 was aided by the cunning Texans, who
 played upon the fears, hopes, and am
 bition of the imbecile Tyler,—now talk
 ing of abolition, now of a union with
 Englaud, all of which has been since
 confessed, by those most interested, to
 have been the veriest humbug and
 pretence. And when the treaty of An
 nexation with Texas was finally con
 cluded, Mr. Calhoun, then Secretary of
 State, had the sublime audacity to tvrite
 to Mr. Pakenham, tlie British Minis
 ter, that “it was made necessary, in
 order to preserve domestic institutions
 and deemed essential to their safely atul
 prosperity.” After tins treaty was re
 jected by the Senate, as is well known,
 Texas was admitted by a “Joint Reso
 lution,” which passed tbc House on the
 16th December, and the Senate on the
 •J-Jd December, 1815. She was admit
 ted with a Constitution sufficiently re
 prbtican and just to satisfy the most
 bigoted slave-driver of South Carolina.
 It provided that aftnersons of color,
 who were slaves for v, should remain
 lin the like state of servitude, and that
 Congress should pass no laws to pro
 hibit emigrants from the United States
 of America from bt inging their slaves
 into the republic with them: that Coo-
ROCHESTER, N. Y., FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 25, 1818.
gress should have no power to emanci
 pate slaves, and that no slaveholder
 should be allowed to emancipate his or
 her slaves; and that no free person ol
 African descent should be permitted to
 reside permanently in the republic.**—
 Such was the precious we took
 from Mexico! But in saying this, I
 wrong Mexico herself; for while Texas
 was a province of Mexico, according to
 her laws, the alave who trod upon the
 soil became a freeman. These shining
 beauties of the jewel were brought out
 as preparatory measures, to fit her for
 joining our free and glorious Union.
 What now, on the consummation of
 i this measure, could Mexico do? Could
 it not have been suffered, that after all
 her wrongs, and the contempt which
 had been put upon her threats and cotn-
 Elaints; after the appropriation,
 y a professed friend and ally, of the
 territory for which she was at war; af
 ter thus humiliating her pride, and set
 ting at naught her entire national ex
 istence; could it not have been suffered
 that she should manifest some sense of
 injury, and make some exhibition of
 wounded honor? What could the Mex
 ican Minister do but demand his pass
 ports and return to his government?—
 What could Mexico do, but break off
 all diplomatic intercourse Mexico,
 according to the received laws of na
 tions, would have been justified at once
 in proceeding to war; for she formally
 announced to our government that she
 would regard the measure of Annexa
 tion as a declaration of war.
 But Mexico was weak, distracted,
 powerless to contend, and therefore a
 little harmless blustering should
 have been permitted, to assuage hcjti
 irritation. She did not give way qven
 to this. She preserved her dignity in
 the midst of her most burning desire of
 vengeance. When the Consul of the
 United States was directed by the Pres
 ident to ascertain from the Mexican
 government, whether it would receive
 an Envoy intrusted with full powers to
 adjust all the questions in dispute be
 tween the two governments, the Minis
 ter of Foreign Relations, Penay Pena,
 replied, “That although the Mexican
 nation was deeply injured by Hie United
 States, his government was disposed to
 receive the Commissioner of the Uni
 ted States, who might come with full
 powers from his government, to settle
 tlie present dispute in a peaceful, reason
 able, and honorable manner”.
 Here was an opportunity for our gov
 ernment, if it had been inclined to
 peace, to have commenced the settle
 ment of the existing difficulties. But
 instead of sending a Commissioner,
 such as Mexico agreed to receive, our
 government sent a man of no national
 reputation, a mere hack politician,
 without dignity and without the requi
 site qualifications to act in such an
 emergency —John Slidell, of Louisiana
 —as Minister Plenipotentiary, to residt
 near the government of Mexico. This
 was a direct and palpable insult t&lt;
 Mexico. It supposed that ‘.he govern
 ments were on an entirely friendly
 footing. It ignored all causes of com
 plaint and injury, and, as might have
 been anticipated, the popular feeling in
 Mexico would not allow the minister tc
 be received.
 The Mexican Minister replied to Mr.
 Slidell’s request to be accredited as
 Envoy Extraordinary and Minister Ple
 nipotentiary, that the supreme gov
 ernment of Mexico cannot admit his'
 excellency, Mr. Slidell, to the exercise
 of the functions of the mission con
 ferred on him by the United States
 government, but that he will have the
 utmost pleasure in treating with Mr.
 Slidell, as soon as he shall have pre
 sented credentials, authorizing him ex
 pressly and exclusively to settle the
 questions which have disturbed the
 harmony and good understanding be
 tween the two republics, and which will
 bring on w ar between them, unless such
 settlement be effected in a satisfactory
 manner.” Why did not our govern
 ment, if it had been really desirous of
 peace, recall its Minister, and send
 such a Commissioner as Mexico de
 sired? But so far from doing this, it
 anticipated, and seemed to welcome
 this rejection. Secretary Buchanan
 writes to Mr. Slidell in March, 1846,
 that in the event of the refusal of the
 Mexican government to receive him in
 the capacity of Resident Minister, he is
 “so to conduct himself, as to throw
 the whole odium of the failure of the
 negotiations upon the Mexican govern
 ment. In the meantime, in anticipa
 tion of the final refusal of the Mexican
 government to receive you, the Presi
 dent lias ordered the army of Texas to
 advance and take position on tlie left
 hank of the Rio Grande, and has di
 rected that a strong fleet shall be as
 sembled in the Gult ot Mexico.”
 Mistaking entire ly the temper of the
 Mexican government, which wanted
 only some little sop to its wounded pride
 and to gain time, by delay, for the pas
 sions and prejudices of the people to
 subside, the blundering Slidell writes
 home to the Secretary of State, that
 the Mexican people must be convinced
 by hostile deroonstraiinns, that our dif
 ferences must be settled promptly.”—
 And accordingly, on the Lkh of Janu
 ary, 1846, Gen. Taylor was ordered to
 advance to the Rio Grande.
 On the 6th of April, Taylor had
 mounted a battery of eighteen pound
 ers, which, *u his own w ord*, w ere
 brought to bear upon the public square
 of Matamoras, and within good range
 for demolishing the town.” And two
 weeks after this, an officer in our army
 wrote as fidlows* Camp, opposite
 Matamoras, April 19, 1846. Our situ
 ation here is an extraordinary one.—
 Right in the enemy** country, actually
 occupy ing their corn and cotton fields,
 the people of the soil leaving their
 homes, and we, with a fmall handful of
men, marching with colors flying ux
 I drums beating, right under the ven
 guns of one* ol their] principal cities,—
 displaying the star-spangled banner, at
 if in defiance, under thiir very nose,
 and they, with an army twice as largf
 as ours,*sit quietly down, and make not
 the least resistance—not the first effort
 to drive the invaders off. There is nr
 parallel to it. Truly there is no paral
 lel to it. Forthe army of the U. State*
 was then encamped on territory which
 no one can deny was doubtful territory;
 for if Texas had once made a claim tc
 it, Mexico claimed it too. It does not
 matter wHSfther the bouudarv claimed
 by Texag Extended to the Rio Grande
 or not. AVas it right for our govern
 ment to advance an army for the pur
 pose of occupation upon this disputed
 ground, while the question of boundary
 was unsettled? Never would it have
 dared thus to send an army into the dis
 puted territory of Maine, for this would
 assuredly have been a cause of war
 with England. And, moreover, Texas
 was annexed with no fixed boundaries:
 for the joint resolution expressly pro
 vides, that said State shall be formed,
 subject to the adjustment of all ques
 tions of boundary that mny arise with
 other governments. And for more
 than a hundred years had Mexico pos
 sessed settlements on both banks of the
 river. Her Custom-houses had never
 been interfered with by the Texans,
 and in the upper portion of this valley,
 there were villages of thousands ol
 inhabitants, who had never seen a Tex
 an officer exacting any kind of sub
 mission or respect. The army of tht
 United States Was encamped on that
 soil, which to incorporate into the Union
 as a part of Texas, Mr. Benton had
 declared “would be an act of direct
 aggression upon Mexico, for all the con
 sequences of which the United States
 would stand responsible.” What could
 have been expected but collision and
 bloodshed
 On the *26th of April, a party of
 dragons attacked a superior force of
 the enemy, and after losing sixteen men
 were compelled to surrender. This
 may be considered as the actual com
 mencement of the war. On receiving
 news of this event, the President
 sent a message to Congress, recom
 mending the appropriation of men
 and money fur the war; and by an
 almost unanimous vote,Congress passed
 such a bill, with the assertion in its
 preamble, that wav existed by the
 act of Mexico.” This is the beginning
 of that series of events, which, at an
 incredible waste of lives and of money,
 has placed the American army in the
 capital of Mexico.
 In reading impartially this page of
 history, the impression is forced upon
 the mind, that a singular spirit of blind
 ness and perverse obtuseness seems to
 have possessed the minds of our rulers.
 They seem to have acted like men who
 were under the influence of some fa
 tality, so that they could net see any
 way of escape, but must march on blind
 fold to the pit of slaughter.
 And thus docs all history open to us
 the retributive justice of an overruling
 Providence. It is in vain, when enter
 ed upon the career of evil, to say,
 Thus far. Sin must pluck on
 sin,” unless there be a true repent
 ance. He who would keep the rewards
 of sin, must sin yet farther; and the
 fatal, flitting light of corruption leads
 him onward to perdition. Mr. Cal
 houn, the inaster-spirit of annexation,
 thinks he could have avoided the war,
 satisfied with the spoils already earned
 for his favorite system. He thinks
 that if the army had remained at Cor
 pus Christi, there would have been no
 conflict.”
 But Providence knows no ifs. On
 ward must the mighty stream advance,
 and no cunning hand can stay its pro
 gress. With the cancer of slavery
 feeding upon our system, this war was
 inevitable. It must rush on until the
 awful voice of Jehovah thunders, “Thus
 far, here shall thy proud wave be
 stayed.” The North, with a fatal
 spirit of acquiescence, ha* submitted to
 one encroachment after another upon
 the spirit of freedom; and uow, floated
 upon the surface, it is borue along to
 share the retribution. There remains
 but one way of escape. Slavery, that
 hvdra, which but gains in strength from
 every act of feeble opposition and tame
 submission, must be slain. It is smit
 ten of God with madness; it rushes on
 with fatal blindness aud increasing filly.
 And yet we are ail foolishly slumbering
 At every' new victory of the accursed
 system, some feeble cry is raised, “that
 this encroaching evil must be opposed
 henceforth,” and then a!I is stffl. The
 Representatives from the North, to
 save some little remnant of self-respect,
 «lbe last moment, when resistance is
 no avail, utter a feeble don’t, we
 warn you;’’then,when all is over,and the
 evil is consummated, join in the exulting
 shout, and toast our ccuuiry, howso
 ever bounded.” A war in its defence,
 however iniquitous, a measure however
 wrong, has but to be entered upon, and
 then they pronounce it right to aid in
 its completion. The assembled w
 of the nation, for a party purpose, vote
 what they know' to be a solemn lie.
 Governors, falling into the current,
 exhort the peaceful citizens to go forth
 and fight thi* battle ot slavery, appeal,
 to their patriotism, and lend their offi
 cial influence to sanction the deeds of
 blood. The ghosts of men who were
 killed politically, because they dared
 ta contend for what they considered
 right, haunt the miserable deep of our
 modern statesmen and so they dare!
 nut move, or cry, or let their voice be
 heard in street or council. And thus
 stooping to a false and corrupting pop
 ular standard, crouching with fear, they
 huzza for the glories «&gt;f our country;
 lend fheir aid to furnish of men
and money; give their children to pain
 through the tire of the false God of
 j War; join in the exulting shout of vic
 tory praise the success of our glori
 ous armies, and lament that they aic
 too old to join in the noble work of slay
 ing Mexicans.
 [to BE COVTIMED.]
 From tbt Tribune.
 FITBLIC LANDS.
 Several bills have already been pro-|
 posed to the two Houses of Congress!
 respectively, purporting to contemplate
 the benefit of actual settlers on the
 Publie Lands, by graduating or re
 ducing the price of these which have j
 been longest in the market, extending!
 the term of pre-emption, Btc.; but as!
 yet we believe no bill has been sul&gt;-'
 milled, striking at the root of the real J
 evil. The mischief is not, that settlers
 snatch lands which rightfully belong to
 other settlers, nor that the Government j
 charges too high a price for them; but
 that Speculation forestalls the settler
 with regard to the choicest locations,
 and presses hard upon the poor pio
 neer, who is barely able to wrest a
 scanty livelihood from the h&lt; useless
 patch of wilderness he has undertaken
 to make a farm of. Reduce the price
 to sixpence an acre, and leave the
 lands open to appropriation in unlimited
 quantities, and the evil now felt will be j
 essentially aggravated and only the
 sooner become utterly intolerable. What j
 is needed is a stringent limitation of the
 area of lands now public, which any
 person can henceforth' purchase and
 retain, whether directly of the Govern.-!
 merit or at second-hand; and to this wt j
 must ultimately come, if the Divine j
 purpose that each man should lahoi
 for- his own subsistence and eat bread
 in the sweat of his own face, is not to;
 be subverted here as entirely as it has
 already been throughout the Old
 World. No change can be effected, 1
 which does not involve and effect the I
 Limitation of Public Land Sales, to
 actual settlers and cultivators cnlyj
 though we shall welcome any change
 which does not facilitate and stimulate
 the ravages of Speculation. We nope;
 and trust that the present Session oij
 Congress will not close without wit-:
 nessing some earnest and powerful en
 deavor to secure the Public Land*,
 henceforth to the People who wish toj
 settle and cultivate them, as Mr. Smith:
 of la. has already proposed. His bill,
 of which notice was given some two or
 three weeks since, has not yet, we
 believe, been introduced. When it is,
 we shall hasten to examine and pub
 lish it.
 From the Chicago Dcmoci at.
 LAND REFORM.
 To afford every American citizen ol enterprise
 the n|&gt;|.ortrii:ty ol eertiring an independent frceliold.
 it si'etus to lie best to aliandon tlic idea ol’ raising a
 futu'e revenue from the Public Land*.”
 [Jackson'* Mttsntrr, 1532.
 The age in which we live is one of
 Reform and Progress. It is only the
 standing water that engenders miasm
 and taints the air with its death-bearing
 vapor. The stream runs on clear and
 limpid, until it mingles with the ocean j
 which is itself constantly agitated, so
 that its waters tnay be preserved pure
 for the uses of this mundane sphere.
 Progress is the law of life. Individ-
 ually or collectively man advances from I
 one degree of truth to another. By
 slow degrees he perfects himself in the
 art of self-government. And as the in- j
 ternal bonds upon his mind and con
 science become firmer and more bind
 ing, the external bonds, w hich are those
 of brute force and arbitrary .rules and
 enactments, arc removed. Thus it will
 be seen that the Rights of Man coexist 1
 and are horn of his necessities—that
 whatever conduces to the happiness ol 1
 mankind, should not he withheld from
 them.
 A beneficent Providence has created j
 this world: and He endowed it continu- j
 ally with the power to sustain itself.— j
 He also created animals upon it; and
 He gives ail ofthem not only the facul-I
 ty to sustain life, but the means by
 which to sustain it. V\ by should it not;
 be so with Man, who is the crowning l
 work of His creation? Has not he also
 been endowed with life, and should hi
 not have the right to the means by which
 to sustain it? The air we breathe was
 given for the universal good; no man
 has a right to bottle it up from his neigh
 bor to speculate upon it. The water
 that laves the earth was given for the
 use ax all: no man can put it in to
 dole it out af his interest or avarice
 may dictate. Why should it not be so
 w’ith the Earth '1 he poasrs&amp;ion of the
 two former can avail man nothing with
 out the latter. If it is true that man is
 endowed with an inalienable right”
 to life, liberty and the pursuit of hap
 piness, it is as true that he is endow
 ed with the right to secure bimsel!
 these blessings.
 We said that by slow degrees man
 perfects himself in the art of self-gov
 ernment. The Pilgrim Fathers landed 1
 in this country, bringing with them I lie
 seeds of hatred to Feudalism, and to 1
 the laws by which Feudalism was pre
 served—-the laws of primogeniture and
 entail. They established a new' era in
 civilization— the Commercial Era 1
 They imagined they found a panacea 1
 for the slavery of the Old in the free- 1
 d«ui by them secured to the settlers of
 the New country. They imagined that 1
 by abolishing the Feudal l~aws, they 1
 scoured to every man a piece of land— I
 a homestead, which would preserve
 him from being a fugitive and a vaga-
 bond upon the face ofthe earth. But 1
 they saw not that the commercial ays- i
 tern carried in its bosom the germ of a
 wrong—a mightier than man had ever
 before contended against. They saw
 not that events over which man had no
 control, and accidents attendant upon
 the very fired m which they had abol-
WILLIAM C. &gt;FLL, Fsanawia.
 JUIt.V DICK, FaiSTxa.
WHOLE NO—IX.
would place in the hands of the
 tite an engine to coerce, and in the
 end ciqsh the Many, to compel them to
 jubmvc their ends. This engine was
 .aimtal rJ. ,C P° Wcr «*t etnet ntrat-d
 wealth. 1 his stands in the ,elation to
 ui T n jT m,Kra ,hat Privilege of
 all k,i ds did to the Feudal. p v it the
 few of the Present, make a
 worse: than the feudalism ©t the Past.
 Hi eftarof was/ does now, what the
 power ot privilege d.d m former times.
 Ibis fear of want, staring the laborer
 in the face, compels him to woik at tlo
 mercy of the Capitalist; at the same
 time that machinery is breught to bear
 to help bind his chains ir.oic firmly,
 until at length he becomes the slave of
 the very gold w hich he created.
 1 his is a sad picture, but neverthe
 less a true one. W hat has preserved
 the Laborer Litheito frem being re
 duced under the dominion of C apital
 as is the case in England, but the waste
 lands of the West But even these are
 withheld from him. lie is compelled
 to pay for the privilege of earning his
 daily breed by lire sweat of his brow,
 and thus for adding to the wealth and
 prosperity of the entire country. Let
 only these lands be thrown open; then
 would the pauper laborer” [what a
 contradiction in tcunslj of Europe, the
 laborer in «ur ow n country; and in fact
 all w ho desire to earn by their industry
 the wages of labor, come into the pos
 session of their own; and bless the God
 who made the Land and gave it
 not to a part, but to the whole of the
 human lace. In that ease how happy
 every man would be in the possession
 ol a piece of land which never can Lu
 wrested from him by those who lu ap
 up more power to enslave, by specula
 ting upon the labor of others.
 The lime has come w hen the voice
 of Labor must he heaid. It will not
 answer now to summarily lay its peti
 tion on the table. Man must in the cud
 triumph, and Capital must be his slave.
 The loot that the voice of the laborer is
 crying in your fields, is evidence that a
 firsh necessity bus established an ad
 ditional right. The fact that Want and
 Crime arc increasing with o stintin g
 rapidity, not only in Europe but in the
 dder settled States, is an evidence that
 here is some thing radically defective in
 he present organization of society.—
 Let the remedy be applied without de
 lay, ere by means which all lovers of
 aider must deprecate—but must, should
 all others fail, justify—the end sought
 is accomplished.
 So soon as the Freedom of the Pub
 lic Lands, in limited quantities, shall
 have been secured to actual settlers,
 Lard Limitation and I Tt incstt ad Secu
 rity in ti e States must inevitably fellow.
 Then every man will labor on his own
 land; then will the desire of the first
 settlors of this continent be perfected;
 and we will iiidctd bo a free and happy
 people. The present dominion of Capi
 tal tends to the tenunt system, under
 which Republicanism is impossible.
 'I his system tends to separate classes
 in society; to the annihilation of the love
 of country; and to the weakening of the
 spirit of independence. The tenant
 has no country, no hearth, no altar, nu
 household g&lt;»«l. The freeholder,on tho
 contrary, is the natural support of a
 free government, and it should be the
 policy of Republics to multiply their
 freeholders, as it is the policy of Mon
 archies to multiply their tenants.” We
 arc a Republic. If we desire to continue
 to i us pass the public lands into the
 lands of the people: let us give to those
 vho cannot buy, without money and
 vithout price, that which the fact of
 lirth entitles them to. By this means,
 ve strike at the last foothold of tho
 Monty Monopoly". —The Monopoly of
 he Soil.
 Training or -Bloodhounds.— I Thcro
 s no creature more faithful and true
 han a good dog, and yet bud dogs
 ire somtimea very cruel and blood
 hiisty. But the worst of it is, imu
 ire often worse than drgs, for they
 each degs to be wnrre than they would
 tfhenrite he. We will tell you of one
 :asc in paitieular.
 St. Domingo, one of the Wert India
 islands, was held by the French, who
 Missesred a great many slaves. Their
 daves rebelled anddctcimim d to be free.
 I hey carried on a war with their mas
 ers, by which they finally obtained their
 iberty. During this contest the French
 rained blood h&lt; unds to |iurUc ai d
 Jevcur the negroes. In training the
 i* unds to this inhuman j ursuit, they arc
 ronfined &lt;*i kennel, sparred like a cage,
 ind sparingly supplied with the LlordVf
 *ther animals. I iso figure of a negro,
 n wieker-wcik, stuffed with hlord ami
 mtrails, was occasionally exhibited in
 be upper part of the cage; the deg«
 trugnhd against their coufim im nl, and
 is their impatience iucreasid, the i Ifigy
 %as brought nearer and nearer, while
 h« ir usual subsistence was gradually
 liinintshed.
 At length the figure was resigned to
 hem—and while voracu o«iy it ant g it
 ip, and devouring its cot.lt ids, thev
 rere encourage d ly the t are cm of tht* ur
 leepeis. Thus, their hatre d to b/a« k
 nd their love to white men were af the
 amc time excited. When their tramu g
 ra* cotnpb te, they were rent out to the
 base. The miserable tit pro hod no
 neana of escape; he was heal*d down
 ndtorn to pieces, bis wife and children,
 erhaps, sharing his miafortuoc.
 This however, was no! the lull exteid
 fi the calamity. Ihe dogs frequent!*
 roke loose, snd infants wet* devoured
 V sn instant from the public way. Seme
 mes they proceeded from the m gb
 oring woods, and surprising a h«.; uiles*
 twily of laborers at Ikeir simple meal,
 »re the babe from its inolhi r, or d*-
 oured the whole pnitv. ahd returned
 itfc Ibeir jaw* dre imbed pi con
