and slave-breeder* Within her ample fold
 the entire gang "ay find safety, peace, am
 comfort for their* souls, without even thi
 necessity of penitence. Give us heathenism
 M shorn med an ism, Brahmanism, or some othe
 t»m that enforces practical humanity and tin
 equality of human rights, in preference t&lt;
 Christianity—if this Baptist Preacher and hi
 slavery defending cunfrtrrs ate Christians. I
 their estimation ot it is the true one, it is fi
 tor nothing hut “to be trodden under foot o
 men.'' despised and rejected. Such C'hnsti
 an.tv will never renovate tbe world, or maki
 men better. Away with it j. d.
 Meeting of the (doted C itizens
 Rochester, July ilsi, I*l9.
 At a meeting f the Colored Citizen* o
 Rochester at the school house on Sophti
 M. on the evening of July “»?h, Mk Javjxi
 &gt;hahp was called to the hair and Josisi
 finsuv appointed Secretary. Ihi
 l ‘liairinan in a pertinent manner stateu th&lt;
 object of the meeting. Alter which a com
 mittee was appointed to draft resolutions ex
 pressing the view* ot the meeting. Ihe
 Chairman then appointed Messrs. J. P. Mor
 kin, J« st-PH .Stanliv, and D. li. Kav as
 that committee.
 The committee then submitted the follow
 j., j ieamble and Hesolutions to the meeting
 for consideration.
 Whereas at the last celebration held in the
 city ot Rochester on the Ist ot August I*-!*,
 it was decided by a majority of the meeting
 cabed lor the put pose that the next celebra
 iioii be held in the city ot Buffalo, which reso
 lution w e all heartily concurred in. But in
 consequence of the prevalence of that malig
 nant disease, the cholera in Buffalo pru
 dence dictates to us that we as responsible
 beings and tRe duty we owe to ourselves and
 families we should do nothing that may tend
 to jeopardise our health as well as our lives.
 Resolved, That the first of August the an
 niversary ot tbe day that gave J rt'dotn to
 *OO,OOO ot our race, is a day ever to be held
 m grateful remembrance by all lovers ot free
 dom.
 Resolved, That iri as much as the city of
 Buffalo lias been is.ted by so dreadful and
 fatal an epidemic as tin: cholera, we the citi
 zens of Rochester conceive it to he out duly
 to decline the invitation to attend the anniver
 sary of the emancipation ot the B. I. on
 the first of August to be field at that city.
 Resolved, That we unhesitatingly believe
 that the assemblage of large crowds has a
 t jndency to increase the disease which is now
 prevailing.
 Resolved, That we conceive it totally inex
 pedient as well as pernicious to attend the
 forthcoming celebration, for in so doing, we
 are jeopardizing not only our lives but those
 of our families.
 Resolved, That we lender our sincere re
 gret to the committee of management in not
 being represented by a delegation on so im
 portant occasion. But we do assure those
 noble and philanthropic spirits who shall
 assemble o:i that glorious day, that our hearts
 and our souls are with them.
 Resolved, That we further believe it our
 indispcnsible duty to recommend to the com
 mittee of management the propriety of defer
 tng their celebration lor another year, owing
 to the fatality of the epidemic which is now
 invading the whole country.
 Resolved, That a copy of the proceedings
 of the meeting be sent to the committee of
 management for their consideration.
 Resolved, That these proceedings be pub
 lished in the North Star.
 .losspit Stanley, See.
 C'oMtNo Oi t. —The New Lisbon Aurora
 says, that since the iast meeting of the Old
 School General Assembly of the Presbyterian,
 Church, the congregation at Clarkson, in this,
 county, is about u&gt; lose several of its promi-;
 nent members on account of the pro-slavery
 position which that Church continues to oc-j
 cupy The probability is those who with
 draw will attach themselves to the Free Pres
 byterian church. Hugh.
 Cholera does not spread in this city. Dur
 ing the week, there have nut been, on an
 average, more than one case daily. Jhe
 exertions of the city officers to keep the
 streets in good order, are commendable, and
 'rcnerally successful.
 In Buffalo, the epidemic has latterly been
 i .ther on the increase. The report for ed
 i.esday wa9, that there hail been, in the 04
 Limits previous, -lb easts —11 death*, and the
 Board adjourned before all the reports were
 received.
 New York, July the Board repoit 131
 eases —39 deaths.
 Philadelphia, same date, -11 cases,M deaths
 In St. Louis and Cincinnati, hope* are en
 t'trained that the worst is past.
 “It is very certain that nothing so much as
 Disunion would secure the destruction of
 Southern institutions.’’ —Richmond IVi.)
 Whig.
 This is the testimony id one of the leading
 presses of trginia, and is supported, we be
 lieve, by the entire .South, save only Mr.
 Calhoun and his squad, who want to dissolve
 the union for the puiposc of gratifying fils
 personal ambition, and who are so fanatical
 as to believe that the Slaveholding -States
 could sustain themselves in a 'separate con
 federacy. The Whig is right beyond a doubt,
 and therefore we say, iJomi with the l hion!
 tin'll
 Mrs. Jv^iS.—A letter from Dr. Judson,
 at Burmah. dated March lSlh, says, that
 Mrs. J. has been very ill, and still continues
 su and what is worse, 1 have serious and
 dreadtul apprehensions u she will never be
 iy “better. In a pos-tscripi added March “3d,
 be says “Mrs. J. i- rather better but he
 indicates no abatement of Ins fears.
 From Monrovia. —The new York Sun
 publishes a letter from Monrovia, Afuca, da
 te 1 May “20.
 The Fulled States ship Bambridge, Com,
 Slaughter, arrived at Monrovia on the 17th
 May, having encounterd touch had weather.
 Hfftcers and crew well.
 The slave trade was still unchecked, i lie
 English had blockaded Gallina*, and had
 burnt down the slave establishment on shore.
 The British hermaphrodite brig, Alert de
 m'ned a suppo*,ed slaver becalmned, and »em
 out her boats to board her. A fight ensued,
 jn which the boats were beaten off and the
 first lieutenant and master were killed.
 Thomas l MAtt'itall has taken tin
 stump to favor of emancipation in Kentucky
 lie came hi contact a short time since with j
 pro-slavery clergyman, named John L. \N al
 ler, who sud in a speech that he did not de
 *uie any change in the mural and intellectua
 condition of Kentucky. Marshall replied
 lie did not doubt the Rev. gentleman's *ui
 eerily, lor if fie desired an improvement ii
 the morals of his fellow citizens, he uouh
 not have left the pulpit to become a pio-sla
 very, political candidate; and if the mWieclua
 couditoo of the people were improved, the;
 would no longei tolerate such a member a
 him
 Ktv. .S. J. May —ln a reply to an mvi
 tatioii'of the committee of arrangement* a
 Syracuse to attend tbe celebrattou of th&lt;
 Fourth this gentleman, among other thing
 suv*,“i have no objection to a processioi
 civic banners, and a bapndof music, no
 in a feast of good tbiogs, and songs an&lt;
 mirth, but* display of murderous 4 weai»ons
 and of men practisingartaj of war
Communications.
from our English o'&lt;&gt;rnr?poodeut.
 Ma'ichistei, July 3, 1894.
 *Mv Dear FaitVD The “Daily New*”
 of June 2S winds up its vituperative com
 ment* on the opposition of the Bishop of
 Oxford to the Bill for admitting the Jews to
 Parliament thus
 “Shade of Wilberfotce' listen to this man,
 \our son, urging hi* fellow-beings to rest
 satisfied with a degraded position in the land
 of their birth with a political serfdom among
 the rations of the free' Yes; the father
 raised the Negro from bondage on account of
 color, the son would consign the Jew to serf
 dom on account ot his creer/'”
 The concurrence of this apostrophe w ith
 my remarks in a former leiter, both in
 thought and expression is singular. The only
 d.fferenee is, that the whole of 'the dissen
 tients from the established church, were ad
 duced by me, but this Journal confines itself
 io the Jew.
 A few days ago, 1 noticed in the “Man
 chester Examiner” an extract from the
 “North Star,” pungent with caustic irony
 upon the demeanor of the denizens of New
 York, towards two English ladies, for lean
 ing upon the arm of Mr. Dul'c.lass, which
 two ladies, 1 presume, were my lugbminded
 friends from Charles Square. What must
 have been the emotions of these ladies in
 witnessing such a scene, in such a land,
 calling itself enlightened and free 1 Unpre
 pared they were for such an exhibition by
 any similar outrage in “paltry London.’
 Englishmen have their prejudices; hut in
 England no one is exposed to insult for any
 physical peculiarity, except from the rude,
 uncultivated class, &gt;nd the American, after
 this manifestation, cannot escape lroin being
 placed in the ranks of these.
 In France, one, or more men'of color sit in
 the legislative Assembly.
 1 remember reading, that, in the interior j
 of Africa, when a white man was seen for j
 the first time, he was spurned, for in their
 eyes, his unseemly hue was the result of a j
 loathsome disease; and who are to be the
 arbiters as to the comparative comeliness ui
 tinge! Certain it is, that the larger propor
 tion of the human races have a sable corn- j
 plexion and to affirm the inferiority of this j
 large majority, is an indirect impeachment oi
 the wisdom and equity ol their reator.
 The struggle of the oppressed against their
 oppressors, still agitates the w hole of Eu-
 rope.
 The noble Hungarians at least keep the
 Austrians and their auxiliary Cossacks at
 bay; and faithful reports, 1 doubt not,
 would show that the latter have been signally
 discomfited.
 In w hat an attitude stands 1 ranee beiore
 the walls of Home! Kepulsed by the Horn-
 ans, repudiated by the Pope and his allies,
 and reprobated by England, her proceedings
 are inexplicable and atrocious.
 The doings of the French in Italy, and of
 the Americans in the Southern States, tend
 to bring republicanism into disrepute. Dp j
 pression is doubly odious, w hen perpetrated
 by the bawlers about “liberty, equality, and,
 fraternity.”
 In England, aristocracy, abetted by the 1
 Bishops, have slammed the door of Parlia- J
 ment in the face of the children of Jacob, j
 Baron Rothschild acts with wisdom and j
 spirit; and the cry of the persecuted will
 stir up the people to compel their emancipa-!
 tion.
 Who »re they that denounce them 1 ho
 wis He that said—“ Father, forgive them 1
 How doggedly do the Lords spiritual and j
 temporal refuse to learn wisdom in the school
 of experience! The same parties refused,
 year after ye3t, to relieve the Dissenters horn
 the impious Test Act. The same parties,
 with the pertinacity of bigots, opposed stout
 ly to the last the emancipation of the Roman
 ists. They w ere driven from their entrench-;
 rnents, and conquered by reason and Justice
 but in spite of these successive defeats, they
 persist in then bigoted fight, exposing them- j
 selves to a third inevitable overthrow.
 1 notice the walls of Manchester proclaim j
 the departure of the magnificent 1 Sarah
 Sands.” Oh what a sad and extraordinary
 calamity has befallen the emigrant ship in the
 wide Atlantic. To be run into and sunk by
 the Europa steamer, sending 140 human be-
 their account in a moment' Jn a
 narrow sea, such a casualty is not infrequent,
 but for two specks to came into collision on
 the ocean is as remaikable as mournful.
 Noises should be incessant in a fog.
 Lord John Manners opposes Rothschild.
 To-day’s account by telegraph gives about
 100 for the former to 500 for the latter.
 E. B.
 Reported lssi KRECTION JN Hi SSI A. 1 he
 Augsburg Gazelle of June 16, sa\s that the
 Russians Guards, who were on their march to
 Hungary, have suddenly come to a halt, and
 are returning to Petersburg bv forced
 marches. The Poles say that an insurrection
 bas broken out both at St. Petersburg ami
 Moscow, letters from the South ot Russia
 state that a severe famine is prevailing there,
 and that many of the inhabitants ate dying of
 starvation and scurvy. So severe is the dis
 tress, lhm the Emperor has been obliged to
 forego his late conscriptions of soldiers from
 tins part of the kingdom.
 Kossuth has sent a special messenger, in
 forming the Austrians and Russians that
 for every Hungarian hung, an Austrian
 General shall share the same fate.
 Ot R Streets. —Wo are happy to note in
 our perambulations through the city, that
 there is a very marked increase of animation
 visible in all direction*. Among the busi
 ness portions of our community, the bustle,
 the hurrying to and fro, the moving of carts,
 drays, and vehicles of all kinds, from carria
 ges to wheel-barrows which so surely indi
 i cate lhe improvement in business is plainly to
 be seen. The deathlike silliness that has
 alune reigned tor near eight or ten weeks, has
 departed, and bustle and activity now indi
 cate the decrease of the epidemic arid the re-
 I newed sway of the almighty dollar.— Cm.
 i (.!/ah'.
 1
 Singular Moot oi Keeping Fish Alive
 —Those worthy individuals who take delight
 in Izaak W altoti s art, and who, moreover,
 are in the habit of sending the result of their
 sports to their epicurean acquaintance*, must
 learn an indispensable piece of information,
 viz.: bow to keep fish fresh. This may be
 done by soaking the soft part of bread in
 brandy, and inseitmg it into the gill of tht
 ,I'ish while it w yet alive, and at ter wadi
 sprinkling it over gently with brandy. Tliui
 i prepared, and carefully packed in straw thr
 fioh will keep alive ten or twelve days, as mat
 i be proved by putting it in fresh water at tl»
 1 end of that time, when, after a few hours
 immersion, it will recover trom its proiraeter
 djuiikciioeaa.— Litiiwy Uax. jam
The Overland Emigrant*.
 The Onannafi Tim's hu a letter dated
 May IT, from Fort Childs, 300 mile* west of'
 Independence. We make the following ex
 tracts
 On the 10th we arrired at the junction oft
 St. Joseph’s road, and, in the course of the
 morning, we saw »o many wagons that we
 thought we must lighten our loads and get in
 advance of the tide of emigration or our
 mules and oxen must suffer in consequence of
 short feed therefore, abtut noon, we stop-}
 ped and held a meeting, arid passed a resolu-
 ttori appointing a committee to examine all;
 the wagons and throw out and abandon every
 thing that was not absolutely necessity ac-;
 cording!v, we left behind the wagon that we
 purchased for carrynig our corn, which com
 $2lO, blacksmiths' tools, consisting of anvil,
 huge, sledge-hammers, Ac., about 200
 mules' shoes, several extra axle-trees, and
 came very near leaving the coining apparatus,
 m&lt;-at of the company being in favor of so
 doing, it being very heavy we also changed*
 the sugar, nee, Ac., from boxes into bags.*
 While we were engaged in this business, a,
 train of 50 wagons passed, I hey reported
 that they had passed between 600 and TOO
 wagons—some they left dt r?t. Joseph’s and
 that a great many of them had to throw away
 apart of their loading, almost every one
 loading ton heavy. One train they passed
 had abandoned 1200 lbs, ot Bacon, among
 their things. So many trains have started, j
 that fears are entertained that they canuot all
 get through, as there will not be grass enough
 for the animals this and the anxiety to get
 to the gold diggings as soon as possible, are
 the causes of property being abandoned.
 Among the wagons that passed us, was one
 train from Cieorgia. with a carriage or hack
 containing a man and his wife. That train
 also had several slaves with them. Our wa
 gons are made too heavy arid strong, there
 are none like them other trains have just
 su'*h as come out of market at Cincinnati,'
 mariv of them poorer we might have saved
 $6OO, and haJ wagons move suited to the
 lri P;
 'lhere are two companies of regulars,!
 mounted riflemen, stationed here for the pro- 1
 tection of the encampments. I stopped at
 the store aud found it crammed full—there
 being two or three trains eacamped near by.
 Among them is one of thirty wagons from
 Alton, 111. Almost every art.de can he had
 at an advance of from 200 to .‘5OO per cent,
 over prices in the l’nited States. The sale
 of liqiTor yesterday, was piohibited by an or
 der from the officer of the fort. One man
 told me that he bought previous to the order
 being given, 15 gallons at 30c., and been
 since offered $m per gallon. The houses,
 consisting of about a dozen, are built of tur.
 or sod cut from the prairies, having a frame
 of wood inside, wood being very scarce—
 the nearest on this side of the Platte being
 thirty miles. We have been all the forenoon
 picking up what wood we cooked our dinner
 with, finding it, s ick and chip at a time,
 from old encampments.
 We first came in sight of the Platte yester
 day, and struck it at the head of the “Crande
 Island,” as it is called, being an Island 90
 miles long. Near us are encamped a wagon
 and six men, Mormons, j ist from ‘alifornia.
 I saw a specimen of the “dustit is in
 scales, about the size of a large pin’s head
 hammered out. According to their account,
 there is enough for all who go; but like some
 other places, it takes hard word to procure it.
 The specimen I saw weighed just ten dollars,
 pure gold—this was all they had convenient.
 I asked them how much they had made. They
 said they had dug until they were satisfied,
 and had all they wanted, which must be a
 large amount, if they are as greedy as some
 of us. One of them told me tho most he
 ever made in the shortest tune was BTSO in
 half a day he said they averaged $l5O per
 day apiece.
 Routes to California. —All land routes
 have their troubles. A letter from Chihuahua,
 Mexico, to the St. Louis Republican, says:
 1 advise all your friends who contemplate
 an overland route for California, not to at
 tempt any other than that trom St. Louis, via
 Independence or other points on the Missouri;
 for I do assure you, every route through
 Mexico is attended with all sorts of difficulties,
 independent of the Indians, who are prowling
 on every part of the Indian country. On the
 4th, they killed twenty-three of their Mexi
 can brethren. They stampeded our animals
 at.il succeeded in running off many. I should
 prefer the Missouri route even in the
 winter.
 A despatch from St. Louis of the 3d inst.j
 has some better news for the emigrants
 viz.
 By the arrival of a trader we have dates
 from Bent’s Fort to the 26th ult. The late
 reports received, via New-Orleans, ot Indian
 hostilities in Santa Fe are said to be unfound- j
 ed in truth, companies of emigrants and,
 traders were met daily along the route trom
 Independence. From all indications the chol
 era had entirely disappeared from among
 them, and they were generally in the enjoy- 1
 ment of good health. Capt. Carr’s company
 of Dragoons were met at Plum-Bute on the
 13th, and several companies of Infantry at
 Little Arksansaaon the 15th.
 JIoMCEGPATHIi TrUATMENTOF CHOLERA.
 Iu Cincinnati the success of the homoeo
 pathic treatment of cholera lias been such,
 that tne physicians of that school, it is sup
 posed, have not lost a single patient. How
 ever, in about four hundred cases ot cholera j
 j treated by them, they have lost only lour.|
 Allopathy has lost, according to the report ol
 the Board of Health, nearly one hall of the j
 cases treated by that empiucal system. T iie
 Board of Health of that city was composed,
 as we understand, almost entirely of allopath
 ic physicians. '1 he homeopathic physicians
 declined lepoitmg tlie:r cases to them but
 made their reports through the Daily Times
 the official city paper. The allopaths report
 ed to the Board of Health, which was aLo
 published in the Times. The success ot the
 one, and the failure of the other, w hich was
 made most clearly to appear, had the effect
 i to awaken bad feelings among ihe allopaths,
 j and several suits were commenced against
 homoeopaths, lot a breach of the ordinance
 in not reporting to the Board ol Health.
 “The ordinance assesses a fine of from 5 to
 500 Dollars h*r neglect to report all cases ol
 I malignant disease. It was pioved that the
 (cholera, when rightly treated was not malig
 nant, ami the suits were dismissed, aruid “the
 shouts ol the people,” and the health officer
 was glad to escape the indignation of an ex
 cited jtopulace. The general impression is.
 tlrat it was not the cholera, but allopathic
 practice that killed the people. We learn
 from a communication from Dr. B. W.
 1 Richmond, published in the republican and
 i Whig «*f Chardon, Ohio, that the city council
 of Cincinnati by a vole ot 20 to 13 passed a
 resolution, to re-organtse the Board of Health,
 and introduce into it physicians ofthe homo*o
 pathic school. Am. Journal of Homaopalhy.
 Prison Discipline —There is a jail in one
 of the counties of this Christian State ol
 Massachusetts, where the treatment of the
 criminals confined is such as to shame the
 prison discipline ot the moot baibatous times.
 Not many months ago a man w as confined in
 i under sentence of death, and the jailor
 probably thinking that tuhd not much matter,
 as the prisoner was to be hung so soon,
 whether he was well fid or not, often neglect
 i e d to furnish a sufficient supply ot food. The
 prisoner was verv naturally exasperated at
 such treatment, and made frequent appeals to
 i ,h« turnkey for more food but as the turn
 i kev had no authority m the premises, he rc
 ftrred the matter to the jailer. Accordingly
 i the jailer paid a visit to the prisoner’s cell,
 k j and after listening to hu* complaints about the
 p food assured him with an oath, that le should
 r nave no mure, for the reason-what think
 e you, penile reader fur the reason he
 (the prisoner) had groxen so —fat already
 d that t r axiuld toil the aounty at least a doUar
 more far u rujtt to hang him uith. Hfc
Whit shall we think ot the appointing pow
 er, tint keeps such men in a station which be
 constantly disgraces by such treatment aa
 this, of the unfortunate beings with whom
 he comes is daily contact* Christian Citi
 sen.
 Evil Coss£&gt;H'ksces S*oxi&gt;«.—The
 wide-spread habit of snwktng has uot yet
 had due medical attention paid to rt and its
 consequences. It is only by two or three
 years’ observation, that Dr. Laycock has be
 come fully aware of the great changes induced
 in the system by the use of tobacco, and of
 the varied and obscure forma of disease to
 which especially excessive smoking gave on
 gin. He proceeded to state them as they
 were met with in the pharyngeal mucous
 membrane, the stomach, the lungs, the heart,
 the brain, and the nervous system.
 The tobacco consumed by habitual smokers,
 varies flora half an ounce to twelve ounces
 per week the usual quantity from two to
 three ounces. Inveterate cigar smokers will
 consume from four to five dozen per week.
 The first morbid result is an inflammatory
 condition of the mucous membrane, of the
 lips and tongue, then the tonsils and pharynx
 sutler, the mucous membrane becoming dry
 and congested. If the thorax be well
 examined, it will be found slightly swollen,
 with congested veins meandering over the
 surface, and here and there a streak ot mu
 cous. The action of tobacco smoking on the
 heart is depressing, and some individuals,
 who feel it in this organ more than others,
 complain of an uneasy sensation about the
 left nipple, a distressed feeling, not amount
 ing to faintness, but allied to it. The action
 of the heart is obseived to be feeble and
 irregular. An uneasy feeling is also expen-1
 enced in or beneath the pectoral muscles, and,
 oftener on the right side than the left. On
 the brain, the use of tobacco appears to di
 minish the rapidity of cerebral action, and
 check the flow of ideas through the mind. It!
 diffeis from opium and henbane, and rather
 excites to wakefulness, like green tea, than
 composes to sleep: induces a dreaminess, 1
 which leaves no impression on the memory,
 leaving a great susceptibility, indicated by a
 trembling oi the hands and irritability of tem
 per. Such are secondary results of smoking.
 So are blackness of teeth and gum-boils.
 There is also a sallow paleness of the com
 plexion, an irresoluteness of disposition, a
 w-ant of life and energy, and in constant
 smokers who do not drink, a tendency to!
 pulmonaiy phthisis. Dr. Wright, of Birm-j
 ingham, in a communication to the author,!
 fully corroborates his opinions and both
 agree that smoking produces gastric disorders,
 cough, inflammatory atfections of the heart,!
 lowness of the spirits, and, in short, is very
 injurious to the tespiratory, alimentary, and
 nervous system. —English Library Gazette.
 Chemical Analysis of Tea. —In the
 memoirs of the London Chemical Society,!
 there is an interesting paper of Warrington j
 on the analysis of lea, in which he states:
 that the lias not only removed the whole of
 the coloring matter, or glazing, from green;
 tea, but he has been able to analyze the mat-'
 ter removed, and prove it, by chemical evi
 dence, to consist of Prussian blue and gypsum
 principally. So that in fact the drinkers of
 manv qualities of green tea, as it comes to
 the English market, indulge in a beverage of
 Coinese paint, and might imitate the mixture
 by dissolving Prussian blue and plaister of
 Paris in hot water. The Chinese do not
 drink this painted tea they only sell it.
 More News from the Plains. A train
 of, wagons, under command of lie Burget,!
 arrived at Fort Kearney on the evening ofj
 the 10th, direct from Grand Island and!
 Fort Childs. They report considerable sick-;
 ness and distress among the emigrants. A
 number of companies have lost neaily all I
 the cattle by stampedes and by being stolen;
 by the Indians, therefore they have been j
 compelled to desert theii wagons and what
 ever goods they could not pack upon the
 rattle that were left. t T p to the first day of
 June there had passed Grand Island 2,500
 wagons and 15,000 people. They were
 counted by a man appointed for the purpose.
 After passing Grand Island they met 2,000
 wagons more, and for three successive days
 the roads looked as though a political conven
 tion was assembling. At any time, our in
 formant stated, he could sit upon his mule
 and count 100 wagons. The interpreter at j
 Fort Childs says that, in all probability,!
 7,000 emigrants would be in the mountains 1
 at one time, without sufficient grazing for j
 their cattle. A train of wagons, composed
 of two companies from Virginia and Ohio,
 some Indians having stolen a few of their
 cattle the evening previous, they started in
 pursuit, and having found them, a fight en
 sued, in which 5 Indians were killed and a
 number wounded. All things considered, the
 emigrants are progressing upo i their long
 and tedious journey as well as could be ex
 pected —Nearly 2,500 have returned.— St.
 Lotus I mon, ISth.
 Father Mathew at Work.—On Thurs-i
 day Father Mathew commenced giving the
 i pledge to his countrymen in the basement of
 the Catholic Church in Court-st., Brooklyn, j
 Dense crowds pressed upon him. He ad
 dressed them in an affectionate manner, on
 ihe benefiits of total abstinance, and the value:
 of the pledge. About thousand took the
 pledge from him, in groups of from fivw to j
 twenty and thirty. It reminded one of the'
 scenes of Limerick and W aterford in 1840.
 He continued his work through yeatetday,.
 i and will go on giving the pledge .there until,
 Tuesday, It is calculated that from 3,000 to:
 10.000 m that city will lake the pledge. A. Y
 Tribune.
 Mrs. Margaret See, of Fredericksburg,
 Virginia, |haa offetd |to emancipate her,
 t slaves in the fall,if the American Colonization
 i Society will give them a free passage to Li
 -1 beria. Mrs. See contributing $2OO. Mrs.
 See’s daughter proposes to liberate her four
 slaves at the same time, if a free passage can
 be given them.
 Death of Mrs. Madison, —T he ashing-
 Fnion of Friday announces the death of Mis.
 Madison. She died at quarter past 10 on
 Thursday evening. Her age was about 00.:
Receipts
 F&gt;T tht NomTH Star .forth* Wttk aiding
 July 23, 1&amp;%9.
 Sir T. F.jßnst &gt;n Lxxk* &lt;ioo £1 0 0
 &gt;li*fes Julia 4c F.hiu Cruiitlu Jon S SO,OO
 Grace Wiggius 4 00
 j Gideon Ramsdeil, Eitypt, X
 Andrew B. S'a er, C ana idaigua I,UO
 John Cole, Williamson, X V l
 Joseph George, K.Rg‘toa, l C 5.00
 J. H. Collins, Chicago, 11'. 2,00
 David Uariilsuii
 Charles l&gt;\er
 Heury O’Brien
 Seth Paine, Bale Zurir’t, H-
 Thomas Filer, Babcock Grove, HI. 1,00
 Kiiakiui Weller, FowlerviH*. X 200
 I George Harps, Brochport, X V 1
 I Samuel Hop-on, Muorf-u, Oho 1,00
 i w. Richmond Char Jon O (S 3 l,OO
 Juki Rattle, Csyuhog* Fa!l&lt; 7
 I Joseph Santee, for H. Fatrgo.d, Reading, Pa 2.00
 Katlian Smith, Jersey GHe, HI. 1,00
 Fi BTiiwinTinwY.-, N. T. ody Dtug
 gut. lake county 111., mnjmiMtAhw*:
 13 Sloan Laq Oear Sir, Again 1
 i have to request that y..u will send roe a
 further ,uph!v of yoai Ccedmrm Po»de&lt;*.
 Ointment ,o&lt; T»* P»«-&lt;h.
 these ire fTP*
 oflhia country they ean l be beat. 1 bate
 „«J iheTattoio and
 to Leather it, ,h
 I! .end me two deaeo of J«« W"**-
 i they will sell- v r r pnnv
 r Respectfully ours. N. T. CODY.
 irv See Agent s name* at the head ol
 r I Sloan’s Column. For further particulars
 hi u 4 tetuoiomal*, rt P»japhkl» of *f eaU^
Commercial.
RKBi.m, July 25.1540
 There have been a few sample* of new wheat in
 the marke, which here sold at 51.03C1.06, U»t the
 above pricee cannot be relied upon as an indication
 a* to what lie Market but open at. Some of the
 miller? think from present appearance* the a*ark« t
 will not lw over H for new Geneaee heat, others
 think it mar range a little higher.
 Rochester Wholesale Paces C«rre«t.
 FI.OI'R asp MEAL—Dutv 20 p c *&lt;l val
 FW, IT bbl 4 75©3 00
 Coen meal, fUoh 43 50
 PROVISIONS. —Duty ;Beef,Pork,Ham?. Bacon.
 Butter awl Lard, 20 (p c; Cheese 90 p c ad val
 Pork, (mesa) 00 00 ff 12 00
 IX). in hog i 5 30
 Beef, cwt. 4 00 t? 5 00
 Ho. hM. (ate?.) 700
 Lard (tried) !h 4
 Do. (leaf.)
 Hams, (smoked) 7
 Shoulders, do. 5 5j
 Butter 9 It
 Clieese 03 07
 Turkeys !h *&gt;i
 Chicken*
 Potatoes, bush. GO 73
 GRAIN—Dutv; 2U f c iJ val
 Wheat, bust) 1 12
 Corn 50
 Rve M
 Oats 31
 Bariev 50
 HIDES—Duty; 5f r»J val
 Slaughter 3i
 Call' ..10
 Sheep Pelu 40 75
 SEEDS —Duty; Linseed 10 (p c; Mustard 20 (p
 e ad val
 Clover H 7*) 5 INI
 Timothy 150© 2 25
 Flax 1 00
 FISH —Duty on foreign caught; 20 (p cad v.»l
 Whitefish bbl 7 00
 Codfish cwt 3 50
 SUNDRIES—
 Salt, bid 125
 Apples, (e bus 37
 Do. dried bush. 62}
 Ffcg». V dot W
 Bipans, Ip bush 75
 Hay, y ton 700 900
 Hard wood 3 50
 Soft Wood S
'JV.Jnjertiscmcnts.
 JOB PRINTING.
 THE NORTH STAR OFFICE, is furnished
 with new Job Type, for the execution of every
 description of Printing w ith neatness and despatch,
 at the lowest prices for cash, viz:
 Hand-hills, Blanks, Bill-heads,
 Programmes, Circulars, Bills of Lading,
 Pamphlets, Cards, I.altels, &amp;c.
 Antislavery office and Reading Room,
 No. 25 Buffalo St. Rochester, opposite the Arrtuie.
 THIS office has been newly stocked with the
 latest and best works on slavery ami other moral
 questions. Among them are the Young Abolitionist
 —Poverty its illegal causes and legal cure—The
 Power of Kindness—The Branded Hand—History
 of the Mexican war—Theodore Parker’s Ser
 mon onJ.Q. Adams—do on the Mexicau war—
 do his letters to the People of the United States—
 The Church as it is or the Forlorn hope of Slavery
 —Despotism in America, and Archy Moore.
 I intend to have in connection w ith office a Cir
 culating Library, as soon as I can get a sufficient
 number of useful and instructive books of a moral
 ind scientiticcharacter.
 JOHN S. JACOBS?.
New Watch aad Jewelry More.
 JOHN KEDZIE having changed his partnership
 relations, lias removed his Shop two doors
 North to No. 11, State Street, where he is prepared
 successfully to compete in the sale of an entire new
 Stock of Goods, consisting of Gold and Silver
 English, Anchor, Horizontal and Vertical atches,
 Li old Guard ami Fob Chains, Gold Seals and Keys,
 Ltold and Silver Pencils, Spectacles and Thimbles,
 [sold Ear-Rings, Bracelets, and Finger-Rings—a
 rood assortment, cheap; a variety of Indies’ and
 ilentle men's Breast-Pins, new style; double and
 lingle Hunting gold and plated Lockets, Gold Pens,
 jest quality, Silver and Shell Combe and Cases,
 Fine Cutlery, &amp;e. &amp;c.
 The above and a variety of other desirable Goods
 jsuallv kept in our business, are offered on more ad
 vantageous terms than usual; and it is particularly
 iesired that the goods should be examined, and
 arices ascertained, before purchasing elsewliere in
 this market.
 We manufacture and keep on hand a good assort
 ment of Silver Spoons, warranted as pure as Ame
 rican coin.
 Will also keep an assortment of Accordeons and
 Jther Musical Instruments, which will be sold very
 low.
 We intend to keep a good assortment of the best
 Brass Eight-day, 30 hour, and alarum Clocks, as can
 he found in this city.—Call and see them.
 WATCH REPAIRING, faithfully done and war
 ranted by an experienced w orkman.
 Farther particulars at No. 11 State Street.
 J. KEDZIE Co.
 P. S.—To the Farmers in particular we would
 give notice, that we have a variety ot Barometers
 which w ill give that knowledge of the changes of the
 weather, so as to be able to adopt his business to its
 variations. Pie *se call and examine tliein, as eve'
 man ought to ha e one.
 Sep. 15, 1848.
 DR. A. CLARK,
 DENTAL SURGEON.
 I would respectfully inform the citizens of Rochester
 and surrounding country, that 1 liave removed my
 office from No. 89 Smith's Arcade to my dwelling
 house No. 92 Monroe Street.
 1 liunkfnl lor past favors in die line of my profes
 sion, and flattering myself that 1 can give perfect
 satisfaction to all who may favor me with tlieir pa
 tronage. 1 would invite all tlmie wlio are de
 sirous of having operations jiertormed on the teeth or
 of having teeth inserted to call on me and satisfy
 A. CLARK.
 N. B. All operations performed by me on the
 teeth and Plate Work warranted.
 Rochester, Oct. 13, 1848. tf-
 AUBURN and ROCHESTER
 rail-road:
 CIHANGEIN TIME. —The trains u ill commence
 to leave Rochester to-day at the following tune
 Eastward—at Ik. 84 a. Ip. Tgf.w.
 Westward—at 4j A. 9a. 2* P. m. 7 P.a.
 Rocliesler, May 1, 1849.
 Grand Celebration.—Freedom's
 Annual Jubilee,
 THE Anniversary of West India Emancipation,
 will be celebrated at the city of Buffalo, on the
 First day of AugnH next. Grand ami extensive
 preparations are being made to make it one of die
 most brilliant affairs upon record. A general in
 vitation is given to all Freedom’s Friends through
 out d*e Stale and el-ewliere.
 Come one 1 come alt’
 GEORGE WEIR, Jh
 Sec’y of Committee of Arrangement*.
 Central Grand Celebration.— Free
 dom's Annaal Jubilee.
 THE Anniversary of Weet India Emancipation
 will be celei rated in the city of Auburn, on die
 First dav of August next. Extensive preparations
 are beini nia-ie to make it one of the roost brilliant
 affairs upjn record. A general invitation is given
 U&gt; ail Freeman's Friends dirougbout die State and
 elsewhere. Cotne ohi and vounz' come one, come
 a y. J- W. Ul INCY.
 Sec. of Corn, of AriangeuieuU.
 May 11, 1849.
The 014 (irotity Shop,
 At So 4o Eickange Strrrt Rixh/sl*r.
 LLOYD SCOTT, rr*U;lul for tbe patruna it
 awarded biro, would re#pe&lt; t fully inform bi«
 trends am! the public general I lit,: he l*ai recent;*
 enlarged hit eatabhihiweot awl augmented bn *iuch
 c 4 Meu'a, WoMs'i, am! Children'*- New am!
 Second ham! apparel- la add kina to tin* drpuit
 luful be will Iniy ami aeil Houae ami So-re 1 urai
 lure, Kwok*. Jewelry, Fancy article*, Mcehauieii
 aad agricultural implement*, and imleed ail tlm**
 ▼ariutm odda and end*” of which nay wt he
 readil&gt; obtained at other place*. It i» hi* intent uir
 to&gt; beep The Old Coroaity Shop” well (uraiahed
 with aa endkaa variety of article* for which be wit
 par liberally and dmpuae of at aatiafortur* |&gt;nee».
 Clothing repaired aad renovated with Heat oral
 Doot forget “The Old Cur out* Shop.
 Roe beater March IMI
 JAMES W. MON DORKING X«U continue, u
 horp the Grower* oa Second Street, corner o
 Ebo, North a*de Haa roeataoil* on hand ever
 vaiieiy rtf Grocoriea.
 Cu*mmit, Ob». 19#.
VJAURATIVK OF THE LIFE OF FRJ
 IN K POUGIAS.'i. writtM by
 had SI th» p.*e 3»»(Wfi; new M&lt;». 37 f
 Hair-1 attioc *nd Dressing at
 RALPH FRANCIS Saloon. nwWr ts«e E»gi*
 H t4—S»
SEW 10RK ADYERTISENEVTS.
 (olorrd Sailor''** llomr,
 330, P'arl Street, X t" V"
 FRIF.NDB of the ‘lave, and Mrank' rr n
 to New York,can
 a* good Board.Md at a* k»\» p** o &lt;l r
 lw&gt;o*e in lb** ri». The hou-' i- br;r ami
 vcment; mil h. 41 rvm.t-rtabh ■-cvr.it y
 Families ran have private iwm. -l
 lion paid to their com Mt. A' 'l I• *'WIU-
 May 11.
 Dr. j. m’CCNE smith, 93. Broad
 wav.
 MRS PETTIT w 1 rr«prrtiullj inform her
 Friend* an the Pnldir. that r^' T&lt; T
 from 130 to a commodious house No. lb— nurrti
 Street, wiiric she will continue to entertain respect
 able colored persons with B«*ar&lt;i and Lodging.
 New York, May 11, 1349.
PHILADELPHIA ADI ERTISEM’TS.
 General Inlfllkcnce Office.
 (A F.O \V GOINES having opened an F.-taMi-n-
 T inent at the P»ia*UM.rHU Institute,
 Lomlxml Street, above SeTemh, lor the purposed
 procuring honest ami brithlul domestics M tho&lt;e
 who may require tliein, ami obtaining pb.e- t..r
 m has are qualified and in want there.,l. l*g* leave
 to refer to tlic following named gentlemen, wlr, have
 kindlv permitted the in of -heir names as
 Bi: FKBE Nc ES,:
nrew M’Makiu Editor of llie American Courier
 Hubert Morris, Editor of the In,purer
 J a si&gt;er llarding. Publisher of the Inquirer
 Chirk** J. Peterson. Editor of Neal s irette
 This. B. Florence, Editor of Times ami Keystone
 Rofieri Howell, 88. Chesnut Street
 Hilliam J. Mullen. 278. Catlierine Street.
 Philadelphia, Sept. 1, IS4B. l v-3b.
 DR r&gt; J PECK, Physician and Surgeon, Phi
 ladelphia Institute,' Lomlianl Stmt, above
 Seventh.
 /AHARLES JONES, North Star llotw. No. 26,
 t North Street, between Fifth and Sixth, and
 Market and Arch stree ts, Philadelphia.
 Strangers vi.-iting tl.e city will find the North
 Star House the most central, convenient and com
 fortable House in Philadelphia.
 Philadelphia. Dec. 1. 1848. &gt;',4B
Free Labor Loods.
 MANTFACTFRED by the American Free Pn
 duoe Association, and for sale at No. 31, Non
 Fifth-street, Philadelphia:
 Manchester Ginghams; Checks, Apron and
 niture; Canton Flannel, unbleached; Musln
 bleached and unbleached, of various quaht.es ar
 width; thin Muslin for linings, brown and colored
 Bird Eye Towels; black and white adding
 Cotton Laps; Lamp Wick; Bed I .eking, an ci
 cellent article; Calico, Stockings, Knitting Colloi
 Orders for Goods, or letters desiring niformalio.
 inav be a&lt;iilrt*.*sr«i to J. Miller McKim, 4,r
 Fifth-street; Daniel L. Miller, I enth-street, or I
 Janies Mott, No. 3d, Church Alley.
 A large and handsome assortment ol 1 lints no l
 on hand. j»l— l
Anti-Slavery Office,
 No. 31, North fifth Street, Philadelphia.
 A FI LL assortment of anti-slavery publication
 is kept constantly on hand. Also a hands,&gt;m,
 variety of miscellaneous publications, and u»ern
 and Fancv Stationery. r
 All letters relating to the business of the ottioej
 to lie directed to J- Miller McKim, 31, North|
 Fifth-street, Philadelphia. j"' 11
UNPARALLEI) IN THE HISTORY OF
 MEDICINE
 AS TH K M*• S T
 Remarkable External Application
 Ever Discovered!
 rnj.VIE and ex|ierien&lt;e have fully proved that this
 JL UNIVERSAL REMEDY lia ii.it its i-.ptal
 on the list of popular medicines, having lucn liel'ore
 the public for more than fourteen years. Testimo
 ny of the most disinterested diameter of its wou
 deriul effects on the animal economy is almost daily
 presented to the proprietor. It is worthy of spe
 rial remark, that beside the threat and extraordinary
 powers in the cure of
 DISEASES OF IHE HORSE,
 in wli’tch its virtues first attracted the attention ot
 the Farrier and Farmer, and the wonder of the
 public generally, it has been successfully employed
 hi a great variety of the maladies which
 AFELWT THE HL MAA RACE.
 Ignorance of facts and philosophy, start at the
 assertion that any one remedy can possess within
 itself the virtue ot cut 1113 many diseases. Experi
 ence of more than fourteen years has nevertheless
 established the fact, tliat Merchants Celebrated
 Gargling Oil, or Universal family Embrocation,;
 will "cure most vases and relieve such as the todow
 ing, among many others in the cure of which this
 Oil has been completely suceesslu and in which oth
 er pretended remed.es have con.pletelv ailed:
 RHEUMATISM, FA IS lIE .\ER\OIS Ah
 lections, Bites of Animals, frost Bites 01 ns,
 Boils, Whitlows, Asthma, Humes, burns,
 and Scalds, Cramps, Strains, •'■pram*,
 Ulcers from local causes, Caked
 Breasts, Contractions ol the mus
 cles,Wounds, Swellings ftc.
 Also a host of diseases
 ill 1101 **‘i ami other
 animals,such a*
 SFA V7.V.S,
 Sweenev.
 risubOse,
 Windgall, foil Evil,
 Callous, Cracked Heels,
 Galls ol all km. s,
 Fresh Wounds, Umi.-ee,
 Fistula, Sitfast, Strain', l~&lt;rnene.*&gt;»,
 Sand Cracks, Foundered Feet. Sen.tel.es,
 OR GREASE MAAUL, I 1,4 4^
 Nmiv rous aie tlie unsol.ciled statements &gt;.t pt«-
 ttents th -.ue.dves,and others wt.o have used to.- Oil,
 of cures which 111 tliemselve* appear so rema.kaWe
 tliat were they at ail interested a pecuniary point,
 tlis-v could liardly have been credited.
 Tlie cvWaated l&gt;r. Parker also writes as follow*
 [tear Sir: I have prescribed your Uargl ng Gil n,
 various ca*es of r
 i FRACED A L SI RG kR V
 l as a liniment, vi itti marked sucre-e, and wool! com
 linee. i it to physician* generally fur external use in
 all contusions’, tumors, sprains, white swelling*,!
 ami in all rlieomatir; affections, wliere externa
 means are necessary. As a diKiitsnt, it is Iwi.h
 less where the symptom* have la-e-n reduce.-
 •bv general treaUncut. In Mich Canes, it i* liar most
 I efficient remedy witlufi the circle of means usw n.
 1 u
 I wooid air recommend it to romtuuiiity at l arg*
 as a safe ami powerful remedy where there 1* w.
 i general fever in all the above disea-e*, to Is- u-*-&lt;;
 (r**U amt to eour;ten»t i iaffammatioii in remark
 I able manner. In t ru:*ed wouutis .t prevents swell
 I iie r ami e/.userprent sStuc.r in ls,t w» jth.-r.
 From tlie peculiar wai'-tre of tins Gil, and tlw
 unparalleled su»:r e*s it lm* met with m the hate Is
 I ile- FARRIER, FARMER «*d MAGE FRO
 FRIETOR, it is I sit justice lo -.uv, ti.at of tb*
 great number of medicines which iiav* of* rid
 aosw- have Is-eu so well adapted to «i&gt;e prompt run
 of Lbseaae* to which Horses are liable, it has iset
 *erv justly called a Complete Panacea f*t lb* Hor-e
 For instance, read tlie Inflow i«g
 TO OW SERS OF HORSF.fi.
 This i- lo certlPy tna: I have had fn many years tlx
 I care of from '.te hu.sf»e«l lo two imisliui horse*,
 dial liave uraiie use of Mtrflau’i Gargling Gil fa
 two year* past, ami can -afelv say, tirat ha all tie
 diseases that horses are Indie to, I rx Ter saw it
 espial. 1 use atsart one Is.ttW ps i Uuillti, ami re
 eommend it to the pul.be as the be-t medicine
 Exa*e» (low in use. b li MINOR.
 All orders addressed to the proptiev** will U
 promptly responded 10.
 (jet a pamphlet &lt;d tlie Agent, and we what w&gt;a&gt;
 der&gt; are acr.anplutwd fry the ve of this i.ird.rinr
 Soklby respectable dealers generally in ihe
 ted Mtales and Canada.
 At.»o bv Pout k Wtt,i_i«, Wm, Piths,l- li
 Ssu, VVmtow k Voixo, 11. I». d *i't
 Rochester.
 1 II A li Gaylord, Henderson A. Paaderso*,
 r land, G Urn- At Sou, fotuudai..
 r Ac Israel, Cinruinau, O.; M.Gort At
 i Ho Ulster Ac Co, Buffalo; Gresm— Ac u
 |c»; I U Dfid k C«,Tri»), NV- &lt;K‘
SIsO* vs CfIVII.
 "v bv W B. J»k»*
 mre «.,kJ by P,~I t \4 ,H„. W,r«w,» k Ro.
 rfw*trr; S. A
 i 0.. Gwcton; T k A. Frye. Bro, kport; Caleb
 Nye, I’ilbied; W. AVilbaas, Rnffutn,
 «w I ,:n&lt;g2i»t« thiuwghnut tie- 1 ailed State*
 FAMILY OINTMENT.
 VJLOA\*S OINTMENT am umver«ally %r.
 O km.« iedfn! to la* an infalKNr remedy, ta every
 r..«e where it firs )cen faithfwily apfdied on the ho
 &gt;u ■''lrm, for [rnmotini IfMsxililr
 drawing i&gt;ot the inflanimation from a wound, re*
 ievi;»j pw,u nf rx r r% kind, mad in it* heabnc onli
 ne* tiw world ikie« not produce it* equal, and the'
 }&gt;«s or pr .rn.wtre it the cheapest ami lest Family
 hutment that tias ever fieeu useil AM disease* iif
 Ofwtinale I leer*. t&gt;ld S&lt;tr*. ChilWaina,
 r- liir.wi. Burns. Cut«, Cotanru*** Eruption.
 Nipfdes. S. rr Brea»ts, Disease* ol the Eye.
 gue in !iw tare, S|,Se, twek. and the other parts of
 l'* r 1 rrr&lt; SeaM Head, Brat&lt;e*.
 Lresh muds, and every kirol of roi cut tin..ng
 llie k as) JMrtirk* of inti rinmation are permanently
 cured by this great rrmrdv.
 W. R SLOAN.
 Grand IVjs t 4»* I-ske *t., Chicago, 111.
 we CA\‘t C.rT At.ONO withovt it.
 Br Dr k’s Grovk. Will r&lt;&gt;.. 111.,
 tArtober 24, 1848
 *ik. Stuy —Sir: I have tested ihe virtue of
 your Ointnenl in tlw* core of rattlesnake Ime*, sore
 hro.it, tsirns, atul many othrr injuries, an.l ineverv
 case ii surpassed &lt;mr ex pedal hmu&gt;. As a Kano*
 y fbiitment I hare never seen its equal, ami t»»r
 trea-ts we ran't get a bug without it.
 ours. &amp;.c.,
 MILF-&lt; M JOHNSON.
 EXCCLLEN t OINTMLXT.
 Mr. Slovs Ik*ur Sir: 1 &gt;r rr&gt;n*iderahle
 length ol time I was seriously afflicted with the
 Rheumatic complaint,and applied freely the various
 liniments, pain-killers. 4vc., without fit4iniiig anv
 relief Alter which your agent at this place influ*
 etKed me to try your Ointment, and within two
 weeks from the time I commenced using it, the pain
 ceased, and I was effectual!" rnre«l; ami slrall ie
 coinrnend ail who are similarly afflicted w ith the di**
 tres-ing complaint, to pr.K-iue your excellent oiut*
 inent witliout d* la\. Ke-p’v vours,
 OSCAR F. MOTT.
 Prmcevillo, P»*o. ia co., 111., May 1, *4B.
 A UNGER BITTEN ENTIRELY OFF
 Two Miles South of Chicago,
 Sept. 14, 1848. S
 Dtt. St iiix-—Sir: On theB:h mst. my son had a
 finger bitten entire!* till by a horse. We immedi
 ately applied your celebrated Ointment which re
 lieved him ot pain in a tew minutes, and prevented
 the finger from swelling the least |«rtiele, and the
 wound is now healing rapidly.
 Keqiectfulrv vours,
 S. ROCKWAY.
 A PRIME ARTICLE.
 Are any afflicted with painf, lnnisea.rttts or surer
 id any kind Let them rcnU W. B. Sloan’s ad
 vertisement in another column. We believe this
 ointment to lie a prime article for any thing of the
 kind and no hmnlxig. Try a little ot it before you
 -utTer any longer. It can lie lmd at nearly all the
 stores in this place.—[Knox Intelligencer.
 THK BEST AND CHEAPEST
 HOUSE MEDICINE
 IN THE WORLD.
SLOAN'S OINTMENT
 CON I) ITI ON POWI) E R
 It vVP EARNED A GREAT NAME.
 I &lt;r Purity, Mibt'irss, Sn/rty, VrrtanUy
 aurl 'l'hornughnrix .S /.0.l V’.S'
 OI.XTMKM’ ExctU,
 And is rapidly superseding all other Ointments and
 Liniments now in use tor the cure of the following
 diseases
 Fresh Wounds, Galls of all kinds, Sprain'S
 Bruises, Cracked Heels, Ringbone, Windfalls, 801 l
 Evil, Callus, Spavins, Sweeney, Fistula, Sitfast,
 Stiains, Lameness, Sand Cracks, Foundered Feet,
 Scratches or Grease, Mange and Horn DistMiqier.
 llie Powder will remove all inflammation and
 fever, purify the blood, loosen the skin, cleanse the
 water, and strengthen every part of the body and
 has proved a sovereign remedy lor the following
 diseases:
 Distemper, Hide-hound, Loss of Appetite, In
 ward Strains, Yellow Water, Inflammation of the
 Eves, Fatigue from hard exercise. Also, Rheuma
 tism, (commonly called stiff complaint,) which
 proves so fatal to many valuable horse* in this
 country. It is also a sate and certain remedy for
 coughs and colds, which generate so many fatal dis
 «“cs. W. B. SLOAN,
 Grand Depot, 40 Lake st., Chicago, Illinois.
 EXTRACT FROM THE II GALENA NORTH-WESTERN
 GAZETTE.*'
 P»y the use of Sloan’s Ointment and Condition
 Powder, I have entirely cured a Fistula on my
 horse, and otherwise improved his condition more
 than 500 |&gt;ei rent, on the cost of tie* medicine. Ami
 a row which was so feeble as to lie considered
 worthies*, by mysell and neighbors, va restored to
 good health ami strength by the use of less than hall'
 a pai kage ot the powdet, ami is now doing lietrer
 than any other cow I bare. W AJ. VINCENT.
 Small Pox, May 13, 1848.
 POPILAR OPINION.
 If popular opinion i* any criterion of the worth
 ol an article, we invite Hie incredulous to read at
 least a lew of tin- many Voluntary certificates which
 iqqiear in our columns reflecting (he- g rrilt variety
 of remarkable cures effected by die use of .StoanV
 celebrated Ointment and Condition Powder.”
 Thc-e remedies no longer remain among those of
 doubtful utility; drey have (mssed from the tide of
 experiment, ami nowsiand higher in reputation, and
 are becoming inoie extensively tM ed than all oilier
 articles of the kind.—[Michigan City New*.
 THE HALF HAS NOT SEEN TOLD.
 Fox Kivab, June 12, ’4B.
 I)R. Sl.iiiv Dear Sir: Please semi by
 ei a new !*u|.ply of your H»nw&gt; Medicines. 'l'hey
 are the liest article* of tlie kind that I Jiave ever
 u-ed, never h.ivmg lieen disappointed m th» ir effect
 a* I have lieen in tlie use of otiier, even llie most
 celebrated Ointments, l.iniinents, lie., of tfw* day.
 I like vers much this fV-atme oiltu in, mi: fiiat they
 do all thisl is promised, ami upon u tie.rough trial,
 one is constrained to add that lialt has ie.l l a-v n
 told.” Respectfully,
 M. IJCDLEV.
 THE DIFFERENCE.
 Tim ordinary OinliieuU ami Liniments, it is well
 known, ar- severe and partial in tlu-ir operation.
 Bk.in’* Oiulineftt i» mild, yet th.,rougli—it rrarhen
 and removes tie- rau*e, lieme it give* real ami pe»
 mam-ut relief.
 For purity, mikiners, safety, certainly, and thor
 rarghm-ss, SUssn’s Oiutmeut excels, amt is rapidly
 *uper*edmg all otiier ointment* ami bnimcnts now
 GOOD NEWfe.
 Chicago, Jan. 8(h, 1849.
 W. B BLOAX —Bir One of uty horw-a was hoof
 heir,d arwi also wmuidcd iu ti* slide, in whu h nr
 took cokl, a ltd hecame *o 'rippled that l»- (ouki
 -caree’y travel. By tie free appluation of yowe
 vafuabls- )nitnent, hit ho&lt;jfa were toon noflenetl ami
 tlie stifle j/erwauiently cured.
 I Dave also used tier &gt;Amtiueiit in llie rase of f’oll-
 Kvi) am! no severe gall* with equal success.
 &gt;An a tuashed tioger tltat was very painful it op
 erated like a charm. Y if,
 A VAN OUDE.VJ
 I.XTRAOttDIN Ak Y LIKE.
 I nr mile- isslli &gt;A b»&lt; f'ru r&lt;A*d to
 Milw .ukte,)C-* 4. ro.. 111., Apt il 13, ’4?« i
 Mk 8 1.0. i Iftnr Sir: Die of my horse* Xel a
 i Urge ijoity Tutor iai hi* liteasr Use, immediately
 amUr tlie roiLir, which kuoed hwn amt rrulm!
 •mice* ot Vei little Value. I fai!id»Hy *pp- &gt;e&lt;
 -ev.r .l \,AXV. .4 Dr Taylor’. Vr.«
 Liniment, witivout tie: least lamrfct. ir
 urrst \V ikWr’s (VlrU*&gt;i florsej
 ae-d that until I e &gt;«dly p***
 never relieve a.n—b 1
 Box of roue truh va«»bhr &lt;n«tor,,l. asl fesß
 than W 'lay. from tt
 tqe!) d. e|&gt;WJ K ARM.NI RONG.
 GAATIFVtNO IN ILLL.tt.LN' K.
 r ..i, every of the r.*mlT, where “MUui’b
 r tt OinMwnt arsl Comb-i/M Powiirr” iiave
 ,U&lt;ate«d, liye |i»'ip« VrtoT K*# I reel ted tbr B*--st
 jraidym* u.lrlhgc -e of Ui* ir rnuarkabW *Mc* t rm
 '.puUnly. In a noth.lade &lt;4 m&gt;Uier., they htr*
 tii i.uiOked over .b.ease, which had twMed the »k&gt;U
 rrWstnl I a r»o, iad we** aw.slrr«l'Wiri
 ar Tm-se iMs-.br ines are rapvdl, .uacrwsdisg all
 abev rviucUit* aow ia uat. lot d.tested horse* b»1
 C*UiC.
