V o ctri).
 1
 For the North f*tar. j
 THE WANDERER'S *ET I RN
 BV (Htltl F* Cl »Mt.
 tjiice more I fare upon the gray old wall*
 Within wl one honored hound* tm youth was spent,
 O, K e more I tread those ancient shaking hath
 here to -gone scene# and memories all are Went;
 And shall 1 now indulge in sain regret
 Ttiat time has Uuno me front the vale &lt;*t youth—
 I hat moons should wav ami wane,mins rise and »ct,
 To see my l»&gt;\lmodN relics sold to ruth?
 Mans there are who l&lt;«ds upon tlie pa-t,
 Lousing and lingering loth to turn away,
 Fti Kaiev wave* her vs and of Iwauly j»a«t
 The trnthlul picture, till die transient ray
 l)f -itnple pleasure, which illumed its tare,
 Is tanned into a soft and radiant flame,
 And all the shade dissolving leaves no trace
 To niar die- dear illuerm or its aim.
 I love tin- Past, vet, like that elteruhed triend
 Whose spiritless remains I gra'eward bore;
 It ((aims no steeping, since tlte final end
 Will bring us face to face for evermote.
 es, 1 will meet, within that distant sphere—
 Meet all tlte Past, confronted to in\ soul;
 Then h i each action, purpose, hope*, and tear,
 Make up the Verdict oi the dooming whole.
 Hoc MtsTKK, N. July, l“lft.
 Fur the North Star.
 I KARS OF COMPASSION.
 How fondly 1 gaze
 On ihe tremulous mean
 I limned bv the ray
 Of the wandering moon'
 How often at noon
 llu I view with emotion
 The meadow and mountain,
 The forest and fountain,
 The blush of the ro-e,
 And the bow on the shower,
 And the bluc-ljell that blows
 In tin- midsummer bower 1
 Hut fond as 1 am
 Of the charms ot i reation,
 t »i Fancy's gay dream
 Of Flysiku delight,
 More fair to my sight
 Are tie- Pears of Compassion,
 Titan meadow or mountain,
 t &gt;r forest or fountain,
 t it blush of the rose,
 l )r the Ih&gt;vv in the shower,
 t&gt;i the blue liell that blows
 In the midsummer liower.
 H a Mlt Ton, Ohio. A.
 |We cot tlir following from a irginia paper. I
 apjieare I tir*t in tlie Washington Republic, and wil
 probably lie copied into many of the Southern pa
 ers. Is itiiiiiuriecljoiiary 1 and why not?]
 HYMN OF VICTORY,
 Put \)if Fourth of July, 1N49, by a lady oj A. I »rk.
 Rise to sing tlie deeds of glory
 Bv our brave old fathers done;
 Heeds that hallow song and story,
 Tyrants crushed and freedom won;
 Hail! immottals, hail to ye
 Who won yom country’s liberty!
 fhid was there —his arm sustaining
 His pure tire within their veins;
 His dread power their cause maintaining
 (iloiious, on their native plains,
 They fought —they died to wit*, tor thee,
 t lit, land lieloved, sweet liliertv
 See the beacons brightly blazing!
 Hanks of war, in deadly fight!
 Wives and mothers speechless gazing—
 Conquerors shout! and foes in flight 1
 Sons of freedom! thus will we
 Hoard and strike tor li!&gt;erty
 Hail* to him tlie helm now guiding.
 Long and glorious lie his sway!
 O’er his name like stars presiding,
 Palo Alto —Monterev'
 Chosen, favored, long may lie
 Secure Ins country’s lilierty!
 Raise your banner, proudly soaring
 With its eagle to the sky,
 Trumpets sounding—cannons roaring
 For a nation’s victory!
 America, for thine, for thee
 The sacred land of liberty!
 From the Lowell American.
 THE BETTER DAY.;
 EY J. V. HANSON.
 I here’s a better day now dawning,
 tiivmg all our dark foes warning;
 Soon the bright and glorious morning
 Shall lighten all the land:
 It shall make oui rare all brother*,
 F.ach one’s weal shall l&lt;e tlte other’s,
 And the careful hand that gather*
 Shall l&lt;e the liberal hand
 They that quart the Drunkard’s evil,
 Made and mingled by the devil;
 They that reel, and fall, and drivel,
 In their sin and misery,
 Shall all rush to limpid loiintains,
 Bom lieneath the rock-based mountains.
 And their past misdeeds recounting,
 Key oice that they are tree!
 War’s red font, now fiercely stamping,
 War’* dark steeds their cold bits champing,
 As their awful path they’re tramping,
 Through clots of human gore,
 Soon shall cease in eveiv village;
 No more shouts of hatehil pillage,
 But green vales and peaceful tillage
 -proud tin* wide world o’er.
 To the slave* shall fall sweet freedom;
 hams and gwes no uioie shall lead them—
 I nev shall know their lights and heed them;
 Ani (lowii to darkness hulled
 N M ill -hall t.,11 the rurk and prison,
 Ami tli*- "allows dun int'ii gaze on,
 And the hii!j Cross «pi i-,«- n&gt;
 Sliall shine in all the wot Id.
 Hunger slull not curse ihe (lei.ptr,
 Cold nor want oppre-- the teeblc,
 But on every cot, a steeple
 IN hull fling it* shade to ble-s;
 Aml It. ■lignin, mild, yd glorious,
 Over Niii and Wrong victorious,
 J-ual! wave her while wings o’er u*,
 A rate m hastiness.
 Right sha li Is- tin* only (s.wri
 In tiiat coming golden hour;
 And the richeft earthly dnuei
 Shall U* a spade or plow
 And ll»e honest »on of labor
 In each man shall n:eet a neighbor,
 With tlie diamond l**ads of lalsrr
 Well-earned *w«at, upon Ins Inow'
 the force of lovf
 Do good to those that hale you, il your liater*
 Be seven empire* fenced in three-ply steel;
 Ami ye shah be Hod's children, who will clotht
 Your non-iesisti g front with lightning blue.
 And to your naked virtue give your foe*
 A* driven ‘dubbh Revolutionise
 In love, and reconstruct in love, so »hall
 c saved be, »»d sale, amid the r-ag.ng storm.
Selections.
 THE EXECI TlOtf.
 In Blackwood’s Magazine, is an arti
 cle entitled Ke Kevenant, purporting t&lt;
 be written by a man who has beei
 hanged and is now alive. The writei
 confesses that he was guilty of the ac
 for which he suffered—forgerv, am
 states the particulars of his arrest
 committal to Newgate for trial, and hi
 conviction ol the crime at the Old Baile;
 Sessions for lie then proceed
 to describe w hat were Ins sensations
 after receiving the awful sentence o
 death. After painting, in touching col
 ors. the interview he had with Hhzabetl
 Clare, to w hom he w as strongly attach
 ed, he thus proceeds with his narra
 tive:
 4 lt was four o’clock in the afternooi
 when Elizabeth left me; and when slv
 departed, it seemed as if my busines
 in this world was at an end. 1 couf
 have wished, then and there to hav
 died on the spot; 1 had done my las
 act, and drank my last draught in lilt
 But as the twilight drew on, my cel
 was cold and damp, and the eveninj
 was dark and gloomy; and I had n
 fire nor any caudle, although it was i
 the month of January, nor much co\
 ering to warm me, and by degrees m
 spirits weakened, and my heart sunk a
 the desolate wretchedness of ever
 thing around me; and gradually lo
 what I write now shall he the truth—
 the thoughts of Klizabeth, and wha
 would be her fate, began to give wa
 before a sense of my own situation
 This was the tirst time —l cannot tci
 the reason why—that my inind ha
 ever fixed itsell upon tlie trial that
 had, within a few hours, to go through
 and as 1 reflected on it, a terror sprea
 over me, almost in an instant, a
 though it were that my sentence wa
 just pronounced, and that J had nc
 known, really and seriously, that I wa
 to die before: I had eaten nothing fo
 twenty-four hours. 1 here was tood
 which a religious gentleman who visit
 ed me had sent from his own table, be
 1 could not taste it, and when I looke
 at it, strange fancies came over me
 It was dainty food, not such as wa
 served to the prisoners in the jail. 1
 was sent to me because I was to di
 to-morrow, and I thought of the beast
 of the field and the fowls of the air
 that w ere pampered for slaughter,
 j fflt that my own sensations were nc
 as they ought to be at this time, and
 j believed that, for a while I was insane
 i A sort of dull humming noise, that
 could not get rid of, like the buzzing c
 bees, sounded in my cars. And thoug
 it was dark, sparks of light seemed t
 dance before my eyes, and I coul
 recollect nothing. 1 tried to say rn_
 prayers, but could only recollect
 i word here and there, and then it seem
 ed to ine as if these were blaspherniei
 that I was uttering; I don’t know wha
 they were, I cannot tell what I said
 i and then on a sudden, I felt as thougl
 all this terror was useless, and that
 would not stay there to die, and
 i jumped up, and wrenched at the bar
 \of my cell window with a force lha
 bent them, for 1 felt as it 1 had th
 strength of a lion. And I felt all ove
 the lock of my door, and tried the doo
 with my shoulder, though 1 knew i
 was plated with iron, heavier than tha
 ;of a church; and I groped about th
 very walls, and into the corners of nr
 dungeon—though 1 knew very well, i
 I had my senses, that it was all of soli
 stone three feet thick, ami that it
 could have passed through a crevic
 smaller than the eye of a needle, 1 ha
 no chance of escaping. And, in th
 midst of all this exertion, a faintnes
 came over me as it I had swullowe'
 poison; and I had just power to reel t
 to the bed place, where 1 sank down i
 a swoon; but this did not last—for in
 head swam around, and the cell seem
 ed to turn round with me, and 1 dream
 ed—between sleeping and waking
 that it was midnight, and that Elizabeti
 had come back as she promised, an
 that they refused to admit her. An
 I thought it snowed heavily, and tha
 the streets were covered with it, as i
 i with a white sheet, and that I saw he
 dead—lying in the fallen snow, and i
 the darkness at the prison gate.
 When 1 came to myself, 1 w as strug
 gling and breathless. In a minute o
 Two, 1 heard St. Sepulchre’s clod
 strike ten; and knew it was a dreai
 that 1 had had. The chaplain of th
 prison came without my sending. H
 exhorted me solemnly “to think n
 more of cares and troubles in thi
 world, but to bend my thoughts uno
 that to come, and to try to reconcil
 my soul to Heaven; trusting that m
 sins, though they were heavy, unde
 1 repentance, I might have hope ol mer
 cy.” When he had gone, I did fee
 myself, for a little while, more collec
 ted; and I sat down again on the bed
 and tried seriously to commune witl
 i myself, and prepare myself for my fate
 1 recalled to my mind that 1 had but i
 few hours more, at all events to live—
 that there was no hope on earth of es
 capitig —and that it was at least bette
 j that I should die decently like a man
 l Then 1 tried to recollect all the tale
 i that I had ever heard about death bj
 hanging —that it was said to be thi
 sensation of a moment —to give no pail
 —to cause the extinction of life instant
 aneously —and so on, to twenty othei
 strange ideas. By degrees, my heat
 began to wander and grow unmanage'
 able. J put my hands tightly to in)
 throat, as though to try the sensatior
 ;of strangling—then I felt my arms ai
 the place where the cord would be
 tied. I went through the fastening!
 of the rope—the tying of the hands to*
 getlier; the thing that I felt most averse
 to was the white cap mufHed over iny
 eyes and face If 1 could avoid that,
 the rest was not so very horrible? in the.
 midst of these fancies, a numbness
 seemed to creep over my senses. The
 giddines* that 1 had fell gave way to a
 dull stupor, which lessened the pain
 that my thoughts gave me, though I
 still went on thinking. The church
 clock rang midnight; 1 was sensible ol
 J the sound, but a reached me indistinct
 ly—as though coining through many
 closed doors, or Irom a tar distance.
 By and by, I saw the objects before iny
 mmd less and less clearly— then only
 partially —they were gone altogether. 1
 fell asleep
 1 slept until the hour of execution.
It w as seven o'clock on the ne\	 morn
 ing, when a knocking at the door of
 my cell awoke ine. I heard tha sound
 as though in my dreams, lor some mo
 ments before l was fully awake; and
 my first sensation was only the dislike
 which a weary man feels at being
 roused; I was tired* and I wished to
 dose on In a minute after, the bolts
 on the outside of rev dungeon were
 drawn; a turnkey, carrying a small
 lamp, follow ed by the ma-ter of the jail
 and the chaplain, entered. I looked
 up; a shudder like the shock of elec
 tricity—like a plunge into a bath of ice
 —ran through me; one glance was
 sufficient. Sleep had gone as though 1
 1 had never slept—even as I never was
 to sleep again—l was conscious ot my
 situation! “R "said the master to
 me, in a subdued, but steady tone, "it
 is time for you to rise." The chaplain
 asked me how I had passed the night,
 and proposed that we join in prayer.
 1 gathered myself up, and remained
 sealed on the side of the bed-place.
 Mv teeth chattered, and my knees
 I knocked together, in despite ol my sell.
 It was barely daylight yet; and, as the
 cell door stood open, 1 could see into
 the small paved court beyond; the
 morning was thick and gloomy, and a
 slow, but settled rain was coming
 down. “It is halt* past 1 o clock
 R said the master, I just mutter
 ed an entreatv to be left alone till the
 last moment. I had thirty minutes to
 live. “I then tried to make anothei
 observation when the master was
 leaving the cell; but this time I could
 not get the words out; my tongue
 stuck to the root ot my mouth, and in\
 speech seemed gone; 1 made two des
 perate efforts, but it would not do 1
 could not utter. W hen they lett me, I
 never stirred from my place on the bed.
 1 was benumbed with the cold, prob
 ably from the sleep, and at the unac
 customed exposure, and I sat couched
 together, as it were, to keep mvsell
 II warmer, with my arms folded across
 i iny breast, and my head hanging down,
 shivering; and my body felt as it it
 j were such a weight to me, that I was
 unable to move it, or stir. Ihe day
 was breaking, yellow and heavy, anc
 the light stole by degrees into my dun-
 I geon, showing me the damp stone
 walls, and desolate, dark paved floor:
 and strange as it was, with all l conic
 do, I could not keep myself from notic
 mg these trilling things, though perdi
 tion was coming upon me the very ne.v
 moment. 1 noticed the lamp which the
 turnkey luul lett on the lloor, ane
 j which was burning dimly, with a long
 wick, being clogged with the chill ane
 •j bad air, and 1 thought to myself—ever
 at that moment —that it had not beei
 trimmed since the night before. Ane
 I looked at the hare, naked, iron bee
 i frame that 1 sat on; and the heavy
 studs on the floor of the dungeon; ane
 at the scrawls and writings upon the
 wall, that had been drawn by formei
 prisoners; and 1 put my hand to mj
 own pulse and it was so low that I coule
 hardly count it. 1 could not feel—
 though I tried to make myself feel it:
 that 1 was going to die. In the inidsi
 j of this, I heard the chimes of the chape
 clock begin to strike; and 1 thought
 1 Lord take pity on me, a wretch! i
 could not he three quarters after sever
 .1 yet! The clock went over the three
 1 quarters; it chimed the fourth quarter
 j and struck eight. They were in rm
 .‘cell before 1 perceived them. They
 found me in the place, and in the pos
 ture, as they had left me.
 j What I have farther to tell w ill lie ir
 a very small compass; my recollections
 are very minute up to this point, bui
 not at all so close as to what occurrei
 afterwards. 1 scarcely recollect very
 clearly how I got from that cell to tin
 I press-room. 1 think two little wither
 ed men, dressed in black, supportei
 i me. I know 1 tried to rise when 1 saw
 the master and his people come into mj
 j dungeon; but I could not.
 lu the press-room were the tw&lt;
 miserable wretches tiiat were to sufl'ei
 i with me; they were bound with theii
 1 arms behind them, and their hands to
 1 gether; and were lying upon a bench
 hard by, until I was ready. A meagre
 rf looking old man, with thin white hair
 •j who was reading to one of them, canu
 i up and said something I hat w&lt;
 would embrace,*’ —I did not distinctly
 hear what it was.
 1 The great difficulty that 1 had wai
 to keep from falling. I had though
 i that these moments would have beei
 all of fury and horror, but 1 felt noth
 ing of this; hut only a weakness, a:
 though my heart —and the very 1100
 5 on which 1 stood —was sinking unde:
 i ine. 1 could just muke a motion, tha
 the old white haired man should leavi
 r 1 me; ami someone interfered and sen
 him aw ay. The pinioning of my hand
 and arms was then finished; and
 l heard an officer whisper to the chap
 lain that “all was ready.” As we pas
 sed out, one of the men in black held
 t glass of water to my lips: but 1 couh
 not swallow.
 i This was the last moment —but om
 —of full perception, that 1 bad in life
 1 remember our beginning to move for
 ward through the long-arched passag
 es which led from the press-room t&lt;
 i the scaffold. 1 saw the lamps tha
 were still burning, for the dayiigh
 never entered there; 1 heard the quid
 tolling of the bell, and the deep voici
 of the chaplain, leading as he w alkei
 before us:
 “I am the resurrection and the life
 saitli the Lord, he that believeth in me
 though he were dead, shall live. Am
 though after mv skin, worms destroy
 this body, yet in my Hesh shall I set
 Lod!”
 “It was the funeral service—the or
 der of the grave—the office for thost
 that were senseless and dead, over us,
 the quick and the living.”
 I felt once more—and saw I fell
 the transition from these dim, close,
 and hot, lamplighted subterraneous
 passages, to the open platform, and
 steps at the foot of the scaffold, and to
 day, 1 saw the immense crowd Llacken
 j ing the whole area of the streets below
 me 4 The windows of the shops and
 houses opposite, to the fourth story,
 choked with ga/ers. I saw' St. Sepul
 chre’s church through the yellow fog
 in the distance; had heard the pealing
 of its bell.
 1 recollect the cloudy misty morning,
 the wet lay upon the scaffold—-the huge
 Idark mass of buildings, the prison it
 self, that rose beside, and seemed to
cast a shadow over u« —the bold, fresh
 breeze that, as I merged from it; broke
 upon my face. 1 see it &amp;W now—the
 whole horrible InndacajM’ is before me.
 The scaffold—Use ram—the faces of the
 multitude—the people clinging to the
 house tops—the smoke that bent heavi- t
 ly downwards from the chimneys —the i
 wagon filled with women, staring at the
 inn-vard opposite —the hoarse low roar
 that'ran through the gathering crowd
 as we appeared. 1 never saw many
 objects at once, So plainly ami distinct
 ly in all my life, as at that one glance
 but it lasted onlv lor an instant.
 From that look, and from that in
 stant, all that followed is a blank.
 the prayers of the chaplain ot the
 fastening of the fatal noose—ol the
 putting on the cap, ot which l had so
 much dislike—of my actual execution
 and death, I have not the slightest at
 om of recollection. Hut that 1 know
 such occurrences must have taken
 place, 1 should not have the smallest
 consciousness that they ever did so. 1
 read in the daily newspapers an ac
 count of my behavior at the sea Hold
 that I conducted mvselt decently, but
 with firmness! of my death—that I
 seemed to die almost without a strug
 gle. Of any of these events I have not
 been able, by any exertion, to recall
 the most distant remembrance. With
 the first view of the scaffold, all my
 recollection ceases. The next circum
 j .stance which—to my —perception—
 seems to follow, is the having awoke,
 as if from sleep, and found myselt in a
 bed, in a handsome chamber, with a
 gentleman (as I first opened my eyes')
 looking attentively at me. I had my
 senses perfectly, that l had been re
 prieved at the scatlold, and had faint
 ed. After I knew the truth, I thought
 I had an imperfect recollection of hav
 ing found, or fancied, myself-—as in a
 dream —in some strange place, lying
 naked, and with a mass of figures float
 ing about before me; but this idea cer
 tainly never presented itself to me un
 til l was informed of the fact that had
 occurred.
 The accident to which I owe my ex
 istence wili have been divined! My
 condition is a strange one! I am a
 man; and 1 possess certificate
 both°of death and burial. 1 know that
 a collin filled with stones, and with my
 own name upon the plate, lips buried
 in the churchyard of St. Andrew’s llol
 born: I saw from a window, the un
 dressed hearse that carried it; 1 was
 witness to my own funeral. These are
 strange things to see. My damages,
 however, and I trust, my crimes, are
 over forever. Thanks to the bounty ol
 the excellent individual, whose benevo
 lence has recognized the service which
 he did me for a claim upon him. lam
 married to the woman, whose happiness
 and safety proved my last thought —sc
 long as reason remained with me —in
 dying. And lam about to sail on s
 j fair voyage, which is only a sorrowtu
 one—that it parts me forever troin my
 benefactor.”
 A POET IN A PlCi-STY. ttch'li'dru
 Position. —Whittier gave early indica
 tions of poetical power. Several ot hi:
 juvenile poems having found their way
 into the newspapers and magazines ol
 i the day, attracted the attention of some
 literary gentlemen, who appreciated the
 merit of the productions, and resolvei
 to make their author a visit, to offei
 their assistance in introducing the
 “Quaker Poet” to literary notoriety
 Accordingly they took a conveyance
 that soon set them down in the pictur
 esque town ofWeare, (N. H.) the resi
 dence ot’ the young poet. W ith some
 difficulty they found the dwelling o
 Whittier, and were ushered into the
 best room of the house by the m&gt;t her.
 to whom they made known their desire
 to see her son.
 All this time, young Whittier was
 j working away at the certainly rathei
 I unpoetical business of cleaning out the
 pig-sty. He plied his shovel w ith right
 good will, totally unconscious of the
 i honor that awaited him. Judge of his
 astonishment when Lizzy, his sister
 came running from the house, and in-
 I formed him “that it was full of very
 great people who were waiting to set
 j him.” “What shall I dor” cried tin
 i young poet in agonv. —“Run, Lizzy
 and get my boots while I wash me ii
 the brook.” The boots were brought
 J but the bare wet feet of Whittier re
 t fused to enter. At length after a dea
 ,'oftugging, one was drawn on, but, O
 horrors! the other would not go on
 1 neither would the first come off!
 “A pretty looking spectacle I slial
 make for their inspection,” murinuret
 t Whittier as with one boot in his bant
 and the other on his foot, he entered
 the house. Rut in a short time, the
 j flattering words of his visitors made
 him quite forget the awkwardness ol
 his attire! —Madison FomUj Visitor.
 How to Enlarge Vegetables. —A
 I vast increase of food may obtained by
 managing judiciously and systematical
 ly carrying out for a time the principle:
 of increase.— Lake, for instance, a
 pea. Plant it in very rich ground; al
 low it to bear the first y ear, half dozer
 pods only; remove all others, save the
 largest, the following year, and retain
 of the product three pods only; sow the
 largest the following year, and retain
 one pod; again select the largest, and
 the next year the sort will by this time
 have trebled its size and weight. Ever
 1 afterwards sow the largest seed, and
 by these means you will get peas, or
 any thing else, of a bulk ot which we
 at present have no conception.
 ij Expansion of Water I* a Freez
 ing State.— An experiment on the
 expansion of water, in a freezing state,
 attended with singular results, w as tried
 by a correspondent of the Montreal
 Gazette, during the last winter.—He
 filled a U lbs. shell, (about J-l of an
 inch in thickness,) with water, and
 plugging up the hole securely, exposed
 it to the action of the frost, during one
 |of our keenest nights last winter. In
 the morning he found the mighty power
 had divded the iron mass into four sec
 tions, one of w hich, weighing 4 1-2 lbs.
 was thrown 20 1-2 yards, and must
 have passed upwrards, over a wheel,
 behind which it had been placed. The
 ice remaining in the sections left be
 hind, looked as if it had been pounded.
 0/&lt;tc Staltsman.
 “W hen 1 am making a plm of conse
 queeee,” says tx&gt;rd Bohngbroke, “1 always
 like tv consult a sensible woman.”
2Viu&gt;crtiscmcnls.
 \&lt;viom lot *ht* Sic k nho bavc be«» con
 lined fo their bed* from 1 to'JO year*.
 DR. HAMILTON’S Hvrfiropcrhi*- aad Anyalytic
 A-vhnu. No 217 Exchange Street. opfsißiie
 l&gt;r]*ha"ii Asvhun, Rochester. N Y- This InsUtirtMin
 i« now-iiodv hMUmM and H vwcceMlul o|*ni
 iion. The proprietor an.ih »e. 4 rWJ disea* r li.»t is
 idmittrd tiara, ami applies lb** natural and appru-j
 prime remedy. Although water is »*cd l!, (Vfr
 that i' ajiplifsl in .mv w atrr-ciire e*t»Mi*hiiien! in
 die I’mlhl Stale 4, vet tiae proprietor wishes it to he
 expressly understood tlut it is not reli'f**! on a» t!«- tm v
 or principal iftnoh in die treatment of discs** sni»-
 mitted to hi 4; rare.
 ’I!»»« Establishment jdesigned lor that "t
 invalid* w ho hate iuM to obtain their health by a
 oilier systems «*f pi artier, ami nre still itnalde
 walk or stand.m tluir fret, and are confine* l to *l»*'ir
 Ud 4 wearing out .1 iifc of mierr nn«l suffering with
 out ani hope of ever lieingstnx lietter.
 The retm-ihe* nude use of 1a this Institution not
 onlv entirely rename but give increased,
 strength and etntitiiv to the system. Many have
 Is-eii brought liere Iroin different putts ol the coun
 try, w Ih&gt; lia&lt;) neiilier walked or borne their weight
 011 their feet from five to fifteen vear*-; and some
 who hive lent unable to dress of undress, or even
 to feed themselves, and in tlx* course &lt;*t a tew week 4
 would l* walking with the elasticity of youth and
 the quickues 4 of a pede-trian, astonished at them
 selves, and surprising their friends and all w lio &gt;.»w
 them when tin-v first came. The treatment ol tins
 Institution i- particularly calculated i* remove the
 disease 4 peculiar to females, such as
 l&gt;t. Tlx- falling of the Womb, tu all it 4 stages
 and conditions in patients, troin twelve sears ot age
 up to sixtv, and even it they have U-en confined to
 their beds troin one to twenty, unable to stand, walk,
 dress, or undress themselves, or even too feeble to
 licar anv noise or speak aloud.
 2d. Weakness and Falling ot the Bowels; Pain
 in die Side, Shoulders, Back amf Head- Spinal
 Diseases, Liver Complaints, Sinking Sensation- at
 the Stomach, Palpitation ot the Heart, Dy.pepsia
 i in all its forms ami stages, Piles, Cosliveness, Di
 ariho-a, Suiipression of the Menses, Excessive
 Menstruation, Whites, all Nervous Diseases, Cohi
 Feet and Hand 4, St. Anthony’s Dance, Tetters of
 all kinds, Salt Kheuin, in its woisl forms, Neural
 gia. Tic Douloureux, Rheumatism, Consuniptiod in
 its fiist stages, General Weakness and Debility.
 The proprietor has given his whole attention to
 the above diseases for the last len years, and has
 treated them in an entirely different way from any
 other private practice or public Institution in this
 I coimUv and such has lieen his success, and so cer
 -1 tain are his remedies in their effects on those dis
 ;ises, that instead of publishing a long list of cer
 tified cures, he wishes to give that class of invalids
 I scekiim to obtain their health a sufficient guarantee
 I against anv false pretensions, exaggeration, impo
 sition or deception, so that no one need lie to any
 expense in this Institution without being hanefited
 The proprietor w ill enter into a special contrac.
 w ith any one who wishes to do so, that he will ad
 mit into the Institution, to advance the money and
 pay nil the expenses from any part of the Cubed
 i States here and h.uk home again, liefore he com
 mences the ueatment.and give a bond to hoard them,
 with his professional services, for nothing,
 if "he does not help them according to contract, Any
 1 one thinking the above proposition not a sufficient
 guarantee against misiepiesentations and excuse
 without receiving equal benefit, can let the proprie
 tor know w hat wil. lie satisfactory, and it shall be
 duly considered.
 1 I'li is Institution has grown up Iroin private prac
 tice bv the influence of those who have hpeu iietped
 here, as nothing has ever been published liefore;
 1 and the proprietor means that it shall sustain itsel.
 bv its ow n merits, or pay the expense of those who
 choose to make a contract in case of failure. Tin?
 design of this Circular is not to make known the
 cures that have been made 111 this institution, because
 they must soon lie believed; but to let it l»e more
 extensively known to the poor suffering invalids
 that have spent hundreds of dollars in trying all
 I other systems of practice, and without much or any
 benefit, ami still remain confined to their beds from
 1 live to twenty years, that there is an Institution
 whose treatment is different from any other one tin
 United Stales, and is particularly adapted to theii
 situation, and can have it cost them nothing miles'
 they are materially benefited.
 1 From the nature of treatment in this Institution
 the manlier of patients lie hunted, therefore the
 proprietor does not solicit the patronage of slight anr.
 [.ordinary cases which may lx- easily helped by otliei
 I systems of practice; nor does lie want any one t&lt;
 come, unless they wish to get well, and are v-jjlmg
 to he made well enough to ;va!k from nve to twenty
 j miles at a tune, and follow it up day after day ii
 succession; and also willing to lie made able to en
 dure as much labor and fatigue us moat of }ieuplt
 that call themselves well, as lie means that every
 one that goes through a thorough course of treatment
 in the Analytic Institution shall show by their in
 creased strength, elasticity of motion, firmiier-; o|
 texture, capability of eiidpjrante, and improved
 health, that tin; treatment in this Institution is found
 ed on the natural laws of organized matter, and
 consequently its sigieriorily over every other dif
 ferent system ot practice,
 All coinmiiriicaiione addressed lo Dr. THOMAS
 j HAMILTON, Rochester, post paid, will receive
 immediate attention. If requested, reference wil!
 he made to those who have been helped in this Inati
 pit ion and al-o good references &lt;*s to responsibility
 rtlie proprietor to meet the aliove expenses if,-
 oequired.
 ‘•Every Mail his own Physician.”
 THE HOME DOCTOR.
 II ST I* I RUSHED, a new and valuable liook
 1 *J for every latnily in tin- country, and one that ma\
 lie consulted with |M-rfect safety. As its title pagt
 indicates, it i&gt; “THE HOME IMK.’TOIt, or Famih
 Manual, giving the causes, symptoms and treatment
 j of Diseases; w ith an account of the system while ii
 lie illli, and rules tnr preserving that state. Appeii
 -1 de lto whiih are recipes for making various inedi
 vines and at tides lor diet fur the sick room. Tin
 1 whole written for general it»e and dailyjpractice, In
 John B. Newman, At. D.”
 Alsu, accompanying tin 4 liook, or separate, b
 1 “THE lIF.IIB BOOK, a liook devoted exclusively
 to Herbs, giving their names, varieties,description
 medical properties and doses, use, time ofgatlit-ring
 and many other directions very useful for every fam
 ily lo know and written expressly for family use.”
 The Heib Book is devoted solely to Popular .\L&lt;l
 i cut Botany, and will furnish on that point all tlu
 m-sired information wanted tor general use.”
 1 The two hook- are put up and bound together and
 contain 200 pages, price 25 cents, or sold separau
 at 12i cents.
 'l’he symptoms of each disease are carefully given
 so trial one may lie recognized from anot tier, to phi*
 1 vent practising in the dark; also the treatment ,g
 sketch of general physiology, and rules for keepsei
 in health, together with observations on theircausoe,
 i means of avoiding deleterious influences, and »mw
 otiier remarks a&gt; are deemed appropriate, fir b*Ti
 m&lt;de and female.
 The hook lias lieen written with great care, in a
 plain, simple, Coinmim-sense style easily to Ire uu
 derstuou by every person, and by a practical physi
 cian and a thorough botanist. H e can recommend
 it with entire confidence, as being a work superior
 in all respects to any other Irook of die kind ever
 published at tile price.
 Families in die country, and especially those liv
 j ing in new couiilties and unhealthy climates, should
 not fail to procure a copy and have it at all times at
 liand, in case of sickness as they might thereby by
 1 some simple rou»ed\ save an expensive and protrac
 ted doctors hill. Whether well or sick, such a liook
 should lie 111 every liouse as a sale and sure adviser
 in time of need, die direction given for persons in
 liealdi cannot Is- too strictly attended to by alt.
 I lie price at winch die book is sold is so low that
 every family may have a Copy, and none should be
 without it.
 The book is |ait up in I’aper binding, and can
 i easily Ir sent bv mail. Fostage only t&gt;4 cents to any
 j aart of die I niled Jjtatei.
 OTh Any person sending hr one dollar by mail, and
 pud pay jug postage ou die letter, shall have four
 i copies sent him free of postage.
 JSend in your order 4 4, tla-re is no ri.-k in sending
 money by mad, it comes to 11- daily, and tlse books
 l always reach lh”'ir destination.
 ’•fjr Four families can club togeilier ami send a
 I dollar hill, ami liave lour hooks sent to one aihires 4
 H AN 1 ED—Agents iu nrost ol the Stales to sell
 this work, ahuoM every family will porrliase it if
 earrieil tu ilw-ir dc-ors. A small capital of from jl2l)
 to Sail will I* uere»-arv for each agent. Aildiess,
 vest pud, GEO. W. FISHER,
 April I,lBl§. (i Exchange-**, Kocliester, N. V
 Northampton water cure.
 Electricity aud Hydropathy.
 THh pulilie are re*;ier Huffy inlomred, that since
 A die phtL.rsjpliu al u^duclions ol die U-arm d Dr.
 j Sleans, of Eimirv Colh-ge, Ga., ami the} sc,enti&amp;-
 1 experiments of Air. Hetmoer of England,* l»ave
 recently ami indubitabiy laid idled die fact, that
 die romdusion* ai whi« h the undersigned arrived by
 i llie *ert*e «.f naich, iu 1*44, are iu harimmy with
 natural ami piiysioiogiral law* —to wil, that the
 human limly, in ahr ami y couditioti, is in a jeoittne
 \eltrtru-il state, and dial die elertiical ein.uiationj
 i from die ruticular surface, indicate lie, Ith, or the
 iv nqaoiu: aad rltaracier ot disease —there
 i reason to Isipe, tb.il certain physicians, ignorant of
 die-e principles or natural laws, a knowledge ot
 j **hi&lt; h a esat-oiial (o the safe and intethgent |mc|ire
 of the healing art, will rtae diew voc iterat,out
 j again'tds positiv 1. inaiuii. vt at lof the
 i human Iwdv, ami w iii lies dale to dissuade tlwice
 whom Uiey have filled to relieve of their complaints,
 from seeking nature’s remedy at the Noßm 4 mp.
 TO» Wat* R Cum*:. Thus HU'lamed by the
 of scienre, the nmb-r-igned may be peruuiled here
 to repeat hit •Aj*n«u&lt;.e l that, ui all «aec« wb«r« tbg
im.4% rtomrb, or »rx in the rlKiro-nrfaiitc
 rendition, tl*e patient i* leyood tbr pnwrf of water
 In afford «‘l***l Or i)if band, wlien (i*e p.»rn
 *f the body alluded to, are in the* electr&lt;vpo*iris*
 ‘Utr, l»»fTif disarranged, ilwre i« ground to hope
 for a rnre.
 Had tlx* results of p««t year.*’ (&gt;Mciifr
 already convinced llw pwb», r „f tlx* safety „r u»ih
 fulness of lit*- principle* by whirl. rhe un.fersizned 1*
 governed, in detecting u*. symptoms ami character
 t&gt;f an.i practicing tKr rurr, tl* recent trim
 tilic demonstration of their «„rrrcr*e««, by Profestmr
 Mean- and &gt;lr. H*mine r run Id not fail t'„ convince
 ill** mi*' l inrrruuUw*.
 Gratefully appreciOmg t )x* credit so generously
 ■warded ft* his «urre«« v Hydropathic I’lirti'
 turner, by a discerning public, and tlx*
 evinced by those whom hr has liad tlx- pleasure to
 rrlx-Tl* ol their complaints, tlx- tindersignrd will
 assiduously rwlfatnf to sustain tbr credit, and merit
 dial gratitude, in th*- of fiery invalid who may
 afford him an opportunity- to effect .1 rurf, Ity his
 original and |»hiloxo|&gt;bi&lt; at method of practice,
 1 lit- Northampton atfr l me r* pb-n.-aut’y "itn
 atr«i :x- Jrf Hi iisonrilfe, a j )f we.-t l&gt;;«nk of larking
 \V or Mill Riv.r, a!out two and a hall inik-s
 from ilie centre of the town. It i« conveniently
 arranged, with separate parlor*. Imihmg ainl dre---
 mg-roonis, tor Ladies ami Cienllemen, well venul
 atfd and conveniently furnished lodging room*, and
 a variety ot liath*, supplied w ith water, which, for
 abundance, purity, ami udaptedne** to watrr-nuf
 purpose*. is uuMiipas-rd by that ol any other c*Ta-
 IJislimrnt in tin* eotßitrv. Tim scenery in tin*
 vicinity is pictur** sque and romantic There aie a
 variety of pleasant walks, sufficiently retired, to
 allow water-cure patients to appear a* tlx-y dtonld,
 plainly ii&lt;***»'d, enjoying their ntmhhs without
 being exposed to public gaze or observation
 Among the con.plaints wltirii ate here .-iHcessfiilly
 treated, are Ix-adachc, tendency of blood to tlx- lx ad,
 cold extremities, general and nervous debility, bron
 ehitis, pulmonary affection, liver complaint, jattn
 dice, acute or chronic inflammation of the bowels,
 piles, dyspepsia, general debility, nervous and spinal
 affections, inflammatory and chronic rheumatism,
 neuralgia, sciatic a, lame limbs, paralysis,fevers, gall
 rheum, scrofulous ami erysipelas humors.
 All patients who visit this establishment for a
 course of treatment, should furnish thein*elve* will
 thre e comfortables, three woollen blanket.*, one 01
 two linen and three cotton slieets, two pillow case',
 six or eight crash towels, some well worn linen, to
 rut for fomentations, an old cloak or mantle, an um
 brella, and a pair of slipper*.
 Terms for treatment and Imard are £5 ,"&gt;0 to
 §8 s*l per week, payable weekly—washing extra.
 A patient who from choice or the character of his
 complaint, occupies a room alone on the third floor,
 will pav £8 Iff) jier week—on the first and second
 floors, $8 50 per week. Patients requiring extra
 attention or fire in their rooms, (except for swath
 ing purposes,) will furnish their own nurses and fuel,
 or pay air extra price.
 I). HI GGLES.
 A 'urthnmpton, yiirch 1848.
 N.B. Visitors to the Establishment, front the
 east, yvest, or couth, can take the cars of the- Conn.
 River Railroad at Springfield. Carriages w ill
 j always Ire in readiness at the Northampton depot, to
 j convey them hither.
 The human blood, in a normal and healthy con
 1 dilion of the human system, i* in a positive state
 yyhich is constantly maintained by the activity of th&lt;
 i generating sources w ithin—an excess generally pass
 ing off in silence from the cutirular surface, »o tlia
 ’out of 356 experiments made by Mr, llemmer o
 England, upon the uncovered skin,” 332 indicate,
 the orCfcnce of positive electricity. This surplusag
 of tiie fluid upon the surface, we believe to lie in.li
 -1 pcngahle to the healthful condition cf the wlm!
 animal economy, and that when, from any cause, i
 ee diminished or ceases, diseased action ensues,
 j Gcoaddfeas, delivered before the Medical College
 at the o(&gt;etiing of its annual session, Nov
 8, 1847, by A. Means, A M M.l&gt;., Professor
 Chemistry and Pharmacy, and Professor ot Physic;
 Science in Emory College, Ga,, page 25
 I
 ATHOL WATER (IRE.
 rnjlE Subscriber begs leave to call the attenlio
 .1. of Invalids, especially those suffering ft.o
 chronic disease, to his hydropathic establi. iinteut r
 Athol, Mass.
 I lis house was opened for the reception of patient
 last season, and it is lielieved offers excellent lacil
 ties for a philosophic and thorough course in hvdn
 pathy. The supply of yvater is abundant, ami 1
 purity has been pronounced equal to water on
 distilled The location is quite eligible, being In
 a short distance from the V. &amp;M. railroad. Th
 vicinity abounds in a variety of scenery, and ha
 charming grounds for walks and rambles. So th;
 with the water, suitable regimen, mountain air, an
 exercise, patients can scarcely fail to obtain th
 healthful results for yyhich they labor.
 The following case illustrates this remark. Mrs
 8., .vile of Doa. 8., of Warwick, Mass., agei
 about thirty-five years, was brought to me la*
 August. Her case presented the follow ing pheno
 S menu. If placed in an erect position, anti left tut
 1 supported, she forthwith tell backward to (lit
 ground. If ix-ing yyell supported, she made m
 l effoit to walk, either foot, when carried lorward
 despite her efforts to the contrary, would cross tin
 other. She had liee-i in ibis condition nearly t
 year. Her treatment commenced the 16th of Sept,
 i anil was continued to the 25th Get. only, when sht
 left, so far recovered as to be able to walk half
 mile with ease. Since her return to her family, *h«
 has continued her baths, with roiresponding im
 I provemeut to her health. She now attends to hoi
 domestic duties, and with the assistance ot u sinai
 girl, does the work of her family.
 Patients are desired to bring three rornfortablc*
 1 one pair of woollen blankets, one pair of sheets
 half a dozen towels marked, yyith old lima loi
 bandages.
 Terms, Irom five to ten dollars per week, accord
 ing to the necessities or choice of the patients
 Those who ate less particular in the selection 01
 rooms, or are willing to occupy them in cominui
 witli others, will be charged less.
 Athol, March, 1848. GEORGE HOYT.
 British Periodical Literature.
 The Lomlon Cfuarterly linnetc, the R*ltnbutgh lime w
 The North Briti-h Runic, the H estaiivshr Review
 and Blackmjoil's Edinburgh Magazine.
 I 1! wide-spread fame of these splendid periodi
 cals renders it needless to say much in their prai.«e
 As literary organs, they stand tar in advance 01
 anything ot the sort now published, while the polit
 ical complexion ot each is inaiked by
 candor, ami forbearance, not often found in works
 of a party character.
 Thev embrace the views of the three great parties
 in England—Tory, Whig, and Radical. Black
 wood and the London Uuarterly are Tory; tin
 Edinburgh Review Whig; anil the Westmin
 ster Review Radical. The North ißriti-h Re
 view is mure of a r eligions character, having been
 originally edited by Hr. Chalmers, and now, since
 his death, Ix-ing conducted by his son-in-law Hr.
 Hanna, associated with Sir Bavul Brewster. Its
 literary character is ot the very highest order. The
 Westminster, though re printed under that title only,
 is publiseed in England under the title of The For
 eign ifuarterlv and W estminster—it Ix-ing in fact a
 union of the two Reviews formerly republished and
 reprinted under separate titles. It has, therefore,
 the advantage by this combination ot uniting in one
 work the lie.-t features o| both as heretofore mimed,
 'I he alsive Periodicals are reprinted in New York,
 immediately on their arrival by tlx- Briti-h steamers,
 in a Ix-autiful clear tyjie, on fine yyhile paper, and
 are faithful copies of the originals, Blackwood's
 Magazine, being an exact fac-nmtlt of tlie Edinburgh
 edition.
 Hlf fcS FOR 1840, (tr IL'BSCRIBKD FOR FARLY.)
 For any one of tlx; four Reviews, 83 IM jx-r annum.
 For any two do 5 00
 For any three do 7 00
 For all tour of tlx* Reviews, 8 00
 lor Blackwood's slaga/iix*, 3 (Ml 44
 For Blackwooil and tlx- 3 Reviews, ft IAO
 For Black*ood the 4 Reviews, 10 00 44
 Payments to be made m all cases in advance.
 CLUBBING.
 Four copies of any or all tlx- xbove work* yy ill b
 sent to one address on pay inem of tlie regular u b
 scrtptiou for three—the tourth *;opy Ix-mg gratis.
 EARLY COPIES.
 A late arrangement with tlie British poMmix-rs of
 Blackwo*hJ’i« Magazine *ecnres tu us early idx-et* ot
 tliat work, by Which we shall be able to ptai-e tlie
 entire number in the hands of subscriber* Ix-fore any
 portion of it can tie rej&gt;riuied in any ol tlx- Amert* an
 Journals. For this arxl other advantages secured to
 our sulsscrilter* we |iay so large a rottsttleralmn, tlut
 we may lx* couqx;lled to rais*- th»- jatce ot tix- Maga
 zme. Tlirrefore we repeat sulxarilx- early wrote
 lire price is low.
 Keiruitanceti arxl comitmiitcattoiu -ntd (e sl. n
 addressed, post-paid or franked, in lix- publisher*,
 leonarh BCOTT 6- CO.
 70 Fulton street, New York.
 VI/ILLIAM B. 1/KiAN, Ih-aler in Fashionable
 j *V IksiU and Mhoes, 80, Pnr&lt; lia*e fflrtft, Nrs
 Bedford.
 W B. Is. keeps constantly on luikl a g&lt;*xl a**s,rt
 tneHt, arxl will sell rheap for cash. .Strict attention
 End to runtour-inarfe work, by .Messrs. Parker artd
 avis.
 j
 WASHINGTON'S Bagueman ballrrt, 136,
 Mam Street, Kellogg’s BwUnft ifsrtlord
 CsmcrticHt

 BOYS' CLOTHING”
 OAMI EL WILSON, H&gt;. Bniufe Uring
 O Haiti* recent a&gt;ldiiKM» loins stock, ts preiiared to
 turnish BOYS’ CI.UTHI.NU, of as good
 and fit, artU M ts cheap pf&lt;oo!, Jt* can be vUtuacd iu
 h« «t().
P 0 V E K.T 1
 its i ai sf.s axd i.e&lt;;ai,
 «i hi:.
 p lYitsorK Nfoosis.
 Tlf&gt; Attain Pit in* r.lt- il nratfar fiV»i
 108 |«igr*—i Trry rruiarkahir production
 Wii llr*r all the lutin' ipat j.&gt;n* o| Mr. J 4 poorw*r
 won'.) rraltK"'! U tl*- fni. of hi* thcori.
 w» not I terr M-p to riitp.irc; t tit wr hcnrti iy Cull
 mctui hi* rndwtitr to it** iv tin* ..r alt who fc.vc
 tran-pomal IWtiiilf &lt;!»rti —mtirpiA imirpra Jr«r»
 original ihoiifht awl futitr iV« rn In in thr cam
 of t*CT ti t uta. A*#)***?!! it w r,!&lt; r I-.-1»&lt; ■ih tit
 row pa-.-, far l&lt;\om! any Vi,,.,, pr &gt;.f nrl -.u
 have mrt nr in a Uirjjtim*.
 Hunt’.* Mrtchsuit’.t M« k ._*. yi&gt;i
 in U»M unit ftn*m it t?-'ii k f r
 poverty arc .1 »tr i. ,11*.! I iiiutrivt it. r .f pcopn
 ■iitionn U.IIIII" ..II Ml i :.,|4 m j IM
 wh..!*&gt;. «r f.iiiv i. r it a m• t k w&gt; U i k n.j--
 ifiirding a* it nun a *?*r.l.V
 man and polimai «-c.hm»i -i.”
 .-.UV a i rt |tn
 ly «%n al work. from th f l.uai
 K«j. —ailtiv l Otti. lt pOWrtlui t k w' i ,j,
 rtnlri tlir mina.-tiMti. na s&gt; I Ann.. Slat*.*
 1 hrn* i- no w i i'» r at it tg. logical uun n n I(
 rcarohing than s [XH.isrr.l mu w«.ik i, i*.-
 lineil to I* .ui t.i are r\ no...at aof all t, ui r-r
 tetn* of political economy At hi-t 1.1u.1i hi- t
 r»imiral propixiiion- sink*' us a- &gt;ll*l tina(4r —an
 they ate so, hi* work i!i act &gt;il, ital |.r&lt; &lt;;iki- j
 important revolution in the pn-r .it pnaniiins;
 trm.
 Fvcr\ o nr -hoiil.l rra.l it.”
 Ili:i.A M \!&gt;H, Pul.li-la-r. 8.-ton.
 Part 1. I‘riir 23 tYnl*.
Han's Vfgftnblr Extract
 I- the onlv remedy ti it re'ied on for t!
 permanent cure».f Sp.isii.Vii t *.i:!rn ticns Initi
 tion of the Neivcs, Nt IV i&gt; or k Hem.ache
 Neivoits T minis, .Necml.* A fiei«f«
 Debility, Deficit nov I 7S. i&gt;. m.i Physical Port
 gy, ami all .Vrv ti« Din-rd. r- t iw'mi.'j the mn*t
 dreadful ot all diseases at ,;!*e. d:e Jam an rrict—-
 Eptlrpty, &lt;r fulling .V &lt;**.*&gt;—Hysterical Fit*,
 Convulsion*, Spa«n.s, I: is mil known, lit.tl
 trom Imir innin u.m ,al, I’ !i\ riaii- hnvt ;ronoimc»d
 F.pileptio Fit* iitem able- It 1 tail!.«l all their
 skill, and tlx* Imutted power nt .ill ini dl&lt; hi**, tin.l
 consequently thousands have Midi ml il,i.,i !_li i mis
 erable existence, mi l at la.-t in ii.Vd i:|&gt; tlt«-tr iivcsr.ri
 tli** Altar of Insanity. —'l it** |i&lt; i*-t..r« f die \	grt
 aide Extract, however, lie!' im dclit ai in hhmii*
 that it ran I** rnred. Hr wmdd, dierrlore, teiqieci
 fully invite physician*, and all other* who ate inter,
 ested, to examine the testimony which i here iifierr d
 IF it is deception, Id it lie eX|&gt;o*rd lat if n s
 tree, then in the name of humanity, no lunger let it
 lx* »aid ili.it Fpik i. inrnf.ilde.
 Heart's Y'gfti.lU I'strait. —Fin sixteen year-,
 has Uen tested by many pi rsuns who have suth i.d
 with this dreadful di-sa.se, and hi t-verv ca*«* where
 it has had a fair trial, lias effected a pornijiHi.i
 cute.
 101. Hen stow of Vi.itikr.rs, New .d., mates that
 his (laughter lu* Len alllirtcd with Fils tor inov.-
 thau t'T.e years, and has lieen Clued l\ the e e
 the \egetahle F.xtraet.
 Mrs. J. I’radey, 11." i Orchard street. New uk.
 stales that she has Ucn subject to Fits lor mans
 years, and has Is i n restored to perfect health (all. i
 every other means had failed) l&gt;\ the use of the
 Vegetable F.xtraet.
 Hr. t harle. A. I*.iown.it Hover, Kiis.mll m
 Alabama, who is ore ot the Ii st I’hl-lii ins hi tli**
 State, says that he ha- tci n much In n&lt; titled hy tl
 use of the Vegetal&lt;h Extract, and tint It.* imlieiitaf*
 i intliv resniles it i IM vei v t as.-of Epilepsy which
 comes miller his Know ledge.
 j t nrtis ti. May berry, Esq., formerly |‘ostni:ister
 at Lime Mills, Craw lord tV, Pa., now Inmir m
 j- Erie Co., Fa., states that for many w ars past he
 I has been sorely atllieted with Fits, and lie m,\i
 happv to state that a persevering u-s of l&gt;c. Hart’:
 Vegetable F.xtraet, has restored 'non to ..omul hcahn.
 lx*ing entirely freed from tiiat worst of all disea-e*
 Judge Randall. N. tali Hem\ street, New \ak
 t having tilt* Vegetable Extract suecessfulh
 hi* lauiih. !:ighly iceommrnds it to all persons who
 aiv ahl ic ted w itit F it
 .M sSti plicn E. I* i iti, comer of &gt;*isth Avenue
 and Twcuts-&gt;i\	h street, New Yoik, slates that
 II; ha-. I! !!.'i'”liloii. a meinl* i* ut hi, tamily has
 been so severely aliln ted with I pileptie Fits lit
 in.iiivu.il .that In was obliged to relinquish hi*
 bus it.i ss. Having nid Hr. Halt's Vegetable Fa
 tract ('a\s Mr. I’ratt.) he was soon restored to
 perfect health, and It It this city tor the St u*; u|
 i Ohio to resume his business.
 Rev. .Mi. Smith, Keetot of St. Pater (’hure.i,
 j Spotswood, New Ji isey, who ha I ecu atlln tcd
 w ith Epileptic Fits for nion; than hn ty years, state*
 that lie has used Hr. Hart’s Vegetable Extract, and
 his health has Urn so Hindi improved that he lio|h
 j by Divine blessing, to have no inure Fits.
 Vptteptic Fits. Fur twenty-seva ii years and six
 months, cured hy the use of this truly wundurtid
 medicine.
 Rend tin* following remaikalile ease of the *&lt;m ot
 I m. Secure, F.-ip ol I’hiladelplnj, aHlicted with
 Epileptic Fits twenty seven years and six months
 Alter travelling through England, Scotland, tlei
 many' and France, consulting the most eminent
 physicians, and expending for medicine, medical
 tri atinent and adv ice tinee thousand dollars, returned
 with his son to this country in Noveinls i last., wiili
 out receiving any lienelit whatever, and was cored
 by using Hurt's YrgrttUr F.jtraxt. 1 have spent
 over three thous.'iiiil dollars fur moilii me and medic it
 atleiidance. I was adv ist-d to lake a tom to F.n
 rope with him which! did. I (ii't visited England,
 I consulted die most einiiiclit physicians (litre m
 re'-jigct to his case; thi s examined him and presi u
 tx*d accordingly. I reiuauicil there three 11101111.-;
 without perceiving any liange for the lietter, w Im h
 cost me aliout two hundred and titty dollars, poi k
 eted by t!ie physicians, and the most (lint I received
 was their opinion that no soil 's ease was Imiiele"
 and rOSI’MV EE\ l.Nt I HA BEE. I tM-cordingly
 lelt England travelleil tluough Scotland, tierniauv
 and Fiance, and returned home in tlx* month ol
 November last, with my on as lar trom liciitg rilled
 as when I lelt, 1 saw your advertisement in out* of
 the New ork papers, and concluded to try ll.ui’i
 1 Vegetable Extract, seeing your statements and
 certificates ot so many cures, -ome of twenty and
 thirty years -funding, and I cua assure you I an. inn
 sorry 1 did so, as by (lie use of Hart’s Vegetable
 Exit act alone he was restored t„ PEEVE! I
 HEALTH. His 1 canon, winch was so lar gone a* to
 unfit him for business is entirely restored, with tl t
 pro'pet t now before him of I ilc, bra It h and u-elJ
 ness. He is rmvv 2H year* of age, and 27 years b
 months of this time ha.* (s en altln led with tin*
 I most dreadfulnf diseases, but thank find is now
 enjoying good health.
 Now, sir, faith without winks I don’t lelb-vc
 in. To say 1 shall Is* ever grateful to you is one
 tiling, arid as 1 here en&lt; lose you one hundred dollars,
 I have no doul t but you will think this another and
 quite a different thing. The debt of gratitude I still
 owe you; but plea.*e accept thu amount as inteieat
 on the debt in advance.
 Y ours, very respectfully,
 (signed) WILLIAM SECORE.
 TESTIMONY I lON TESTIMONY
 [ll refeienee to the alinorl niiruculous efficacy ?.l
 this truly wonderful medicine, read the following
 letter from l*r. W. 1,. Monroe, of (imlford, Otn
 one ot tile most eminent physicians in that plao
 (■milord, Ohio, August 17, IS4O
 Rmtlier laLircr in tin- cause of humanity—]&gt;• at
 sir: Itis w ith no small degree of pleasuti* that I
 am enabled to announce to you die complete triuaq h
 ot your invaluable Ine.iii me m a-«-s ot Epile|i*&gt;. 1
 liKVe prenerilx-d it in tour instate m tin* tii only,
 and it has been highly mk ci -slid tn all. Three u
 the patients, i trust, hats ist-n fade ally cured.
 The torn th one is rapulh improving, .md will, I
 think witlxml doubt recover. I am not in the habit
 of prescribing or recommencing patent ii* do
 Ixit when I see .111 arfita* whn ii promiMtK ms uaar it
 for tlx: relief ot -uliMing humanity, 1 fee! my duty
 to recommend it, md I have no licmtntun 111 »a\-
 mg that as **«on a* tla: tai idly ate tally iMxjußu.o.l
 with tin* real merit ol your mvdicua-, the\ i
 clove tlveir eyts agimvt prejmtice aiwl ieiui yon
 helping hand.
 i nuiskcnbe my sell your*, sincerely,
 IS.g.w-d] IV. I. MONkoE, M
 To Hr. S. Hart, New York.
 THE TIME IS NOT FAR DISTANT
 W lien tlxnisai i* who are now trembling uisler
 live baiel ol tin* drewillu) vml leaimg Out
 every attack may prove fatal, will fu M permanent
 relict an*l resliued to w* hie, by u.,m* ti .i
 ce» fxated medicine,
 t&gt;\ER ONE 11101 HAND I'ERTIEIt,’ATFS
 Have Urn received in testimony of the IVre-le ai
 result prmlueod by the u&gt;e of Hr. Hut' &gt;eg*u
 ble Extract.
 {?y- Prepared by S. If ART, M D Ld.
 I'rme, one fnckwge ist
 bo fotir packages |0 l/J
 Do eight pen k.ige* 2&lt;J
 It ii aretully pick, d tl p in D.xee loi ti m
 portal ion, aiel *»nd 1 any jsot &lt;1 tie* 1 mUrd
 j States, ’I rvi*, Mexico, met Wet Indies-
 THOMAS At MII.S, lt«9 Mam street, in*
 rinnaii, Olo», (&gt;euerai Agent* for tire I nurd
 Stale*, lu v, .11 all cviiiaiuiikstviu must U j-*
 dre«.ed Post Paid.
 A. B it D. S urm ol f niton u(i*i w *f!» AID S I
 New York.
 H. D Wad.-, Mam A. St. Paul* K«« le ter,
 E. Hollldgf, 217 Man* »tieet Puttaio,
 U. hi E. (rayiuid, Agent* t-.r I U sriaiui UliiU,
 Fay St k diboui ne, otumUe,
 jJ.(i u ii, 11 Hill, 1 Vlroi 1 Midugui,
 W iu. CNwaii-vbam, Mil!a 1 ktc W 1
 J. R R*trd, atsl t u., t U aio M
 Iha*l&gt; T Mavai. I»ulu*|ue lows
 II- 1 *td t 0.. Si |a*ui Mo
 AflAjUfSair* In us..t .A tU pniK.pai
 ‘"ted So*.
 i IIOMAS k AIILUI, Ift Hw street,
 1 Bkj* ii—ly CuKutwm.oUif#
