Kotu cs.
.Anti-Slmrer? L««t«re«
 CHARLES LcNOX BtMOHD l!l iu c
 meeting* at the follow m* pla&lt;^*
 Buffalo, N. V "‘cdneaday, Aug I
 Oberlin.Oiiw Fr,Ja v
 Cleveland, Ohio SaiuiJav.
 Brighton. P* Monday, 6.
 Pittsburg. IV Tors Wed „«A
 Harnsbtirg, P* I'ndiv „R&gt;
 Kfaotle Island Anii-Slaver* Fair
 I)sar Frikhds The cheering response
 with which outlast ap|»eal was greeted. in
 spire* us with fresh courage to seek your
 aid in another effort .to relieve our oppressed
 countrymen. W e have made lrequent en
 croachments upon your time and called for
 plentiful donations trout join purses you
 have not been inattentive to our calls, nor
 turned us away empty, and the blessing of
 him who is ready to perish has been your
 abundant reward. Still, v ith each revolving
 year, come new and increased responsibilities.
 As the glad light of Freedom’s glorious dawn
 faintly illumes the eastern horizon, oui doubts
 remove, and we rejoice in the lull assurance
 that our labors shall speedily give place to
 shouts of victory. Meanwhile the**igh ol the
 bondman, who knows not that his ledernptton
 draweth near, reminds us, that we have vet a
 work to accomplish. That the prison door,
 though shaking upon its broken hinges, is still
 sufficient to retain the suffering captive. A
 few more vigorous attacks and it will come to
 utter desolation And shall vve not aru.ise
 outselves —summon up our dormant energies
 and march boldly to the work
 All may aid in bringing about this great a
 rhievement. Farmers, Mechanics, Sire,
 Matron, Maid, and Child may contribute in
 tfieir own peculiar manner, to give interest
 and variety to our lair, and thus increase the
 funds, which are necessary, tor the mainten
 ance of our cause.
 I,et us do with our might what our hands
 find to do. The bondman is perishing —that
 he may be saved, present help is needed.
 The tide of oppression is setting in strongly.
 Freedom demands new barricades on her lie
 half. While demanding new, asks that the
 old may be strengthened. I'he Spirit of
 Freedom cries for help, as well on our behalt
 as on behalf of the slave. Tyranny is no res
 pecter of persons. The extension ot her do
 minion over new tenitoiies —the enthralment
 of new subjects is ever her aim. In resistance,
 then, stern, energetic, perpetual rests our
 only safety, a&gt; w'ell as the hope of the shut.
 Give us then for our Fair—give speedily
 give liberally.
 Our next Annual Fair will be holdenm this
 city Wednesday, (Commencement day,) Sep.
 sth.
 Having sent us your contributions, then
 give us your bodily presence.
 Contributions will be received at the Amt-
 Slavery Office, and by the undersigned. It
 «ent m the Anti-Slavery Office, please direct
 Amafancy Pome, Antt-Hlacery OJfice, Provi
 dence, R. 1-
 Susan R. Harris, Providence,
 Mary R. Clatke,
 Mary Steward,
 Saiah R. Smith,
 Abby Thurber,
 Lucretia Francis,
 Elizabeth H. Smith,
 Mary Hathaway,
 Olive Taber,
 Sophia D. Peck,
 Parthena P. James.
 Anna M. Scott,
 Hannah B. Red way,
 Sarah B. Foster.
 Abby Burgess, Pawtucket
 Sarah Gould, Corentry,
 Mary Anthony
 Mary H. Adams, Etnt Uretnuufi,
 Sarah J. Brown
 Mary W. Greene, Apputiaug,
 Rebecca P. Aldrich, Ureenvi/h,
 Betsey F. I*awtou, Chepachet
 Joanna Ballou, Cumberland,
 Sophia L. Little, .Wwporr.
 Caroline A. Robbins,
 Ann F. Westeott, Y PraviJeuc
 Frances Clarke,
 Priscilla Coffin, QlncyvilU.
 Providence, R. I. July, 2J, lSlii.
‘‘Honor to whom Honor.”
 1 he lolloumg from the Liberator is by
 Wm. Llovd Gvkrisun, in reference to the
 recent presentation to him by the colored
 people ot Boston. Our friend Wm. G. Nu.i
 was the duet speaker on this occasion. We
 are glad to see him at his post
 The Presentation.—-The proceedings ol
 the meeting of my colored fellow-citizens, held
 in the Washingtonian Hall on the evening ol
 the lGth instant, are given in tin- present
 number, in accordance with their request. Ot
 their strong personal regaid for me—their
 confidence in my absolute fidelity to their
 cause, be the temptation to swerve from n
 what it may—their gratitude for what 1 have
 done, or attempted to do, towards removing
 ihe tyrannous disabilities under which they
 have so long groaned—l need no special token
 at their hands vet it would he afle lation to
 deny, that this new expression of their feel
 ings is truly encouraging and strengthening
 to my sp rit. As to the encomiums so fiequem
 bestowed on me by the vaiious speakers on
 the occasion alluded to, 1 can only sav that 1
 accept of them as coming from sincere hearts,
 while they produce m nay mind a feeling of
 unfeigned embarrassment. The occasion of
 their uUetauee, aiul the piopnety of their
 publication, are found m i| lt of
 my position. Tne readm ot the L.beiator
 will bear witness that where m one instance
 I have published commendations of my
 course, in a hundreJ others 1 have h&lt;?fol
 them, without note or comment, the worst
 aspersions of niv motives, the bitterest re
 proaches, and the vilest anathemas. M\
 whole career, 1 trust, demoitstiates i| lSt j
 have been neither unduly exalte,| by the ap
 pUuaeof frieads, uoi ca»t down by i( H cen
 sure of enemies
 The Pitchei, though not designed to be an
 expensive one, is large, chaste and beautiful
 It was bought at the well furnished establish
 ment of George B hotter. Treniont Row
 and a liberal deduction was mad*- h\ tun!
 £*om tlis original price, in the spirit ui trie ml
 Jy c^operation.
 Hart ts short abstract of Mr. GamsotTi
 apsscti, from’ »b« T*l* r
 Mi. GhatrmJ'n— Beloved Friends— it
 were standing in t‘*f presence of the malig
 oant enemies of Free* o —of those who hat&lt;
 and proscribe me. becai’Se I will not betray
 h*r sacred cause—l ohoaiJ feel strong, confi
 dent, serene But now—surrounded as 1 an
 by those vvhoae hearts best ifl unison with my
 own, who tie here to give me then sanies,
 thanks and applause—l aiu rilled with tbs
deepest ernhslfhaement. AH that I can say
 ~t. t that in the spirit with which this beautiful
 gift is proffered to me—the spirit of cordial
 esteem, of warm affeciion, of ardent gratitude
 —do I accept of it. If it be no proof that I
 am deceiving Mich a token from you, my
 colored fellow-citizen*, it is at least conclusive
 evidence that you regard me in the light of a
 benefactor.
 To the accusation w hich the enemies of
 the ami-slavery enterprise have so often and
 in flippantly brought against me, that mv
 labors have done more harm than good—that
 I have retarded rather than advanced the
 rause of emancipation—my reply is, it can
 not possibly be true so long as, on the one
 hand, the "lave-traffickei* are offering laige
 rewards for my seizure, and denouncing me
 in unmeasured language and, on the other,'
 those whose advocate I claim to be are giving
 me their smiles, blessings and gifts
 How have 1 ‘put back the cause What
 have 1 done to strengthen the hands of tytan
 ny 1 What have been the head and front of
 my offending 1
 1 began by affirming that tlw slav* a man
 —not three-fifths cf a man, but a whole mao
 —as good, as precious, by binh and destiny*
 as any other man ever created by God.
 Next I contended that, being a man, to him
 belonged all the rights ot a man and, there
 fore, that he ought to be immediately and un
 conditionally set free from his chains—not
 colonized in Africa, as the condition ot hw
 freedom, hut protected and elevated here, in
 the land of hu birth.
 I demanded for him equal educational, so
 cial political and rehgiohs privilege*.
 1 called for the immediate repeal ot every
 proscriptive enactment against petsons of
 color, in the name of reason, justice, humani
 ty. Thank God, the work has been effectu
 ally performed in the old Bay State! No
 such enactment can now be found on her
 statute book.
 1 maintained that men were not responsible
 for the color of their skin, and that it was
 equally absurd and outrageous to exclude
 from the common privileges of society, a ay
 class on account of their complexion.
 Mr. Garrison hero alluded to the wonder
 ful change that had been wrought in public
 sentiment on this ‘delicate subject, within a
 few years past; and dwelt with special pride
 and satisfaction on the fact that in the railroad
 ears ar.d other public conveyances in this
 Commonwealth, from which refined and intel
 ligent colored persona were once brutally
 elected, no complexioual distinction is now
 recognized. Tins was the way in which
 their cause had been put back!
 lie also referred to the auspicious'changes
 which had taken place in religious bodjes
 and political parties on the question of
 slavery, and made special reference to ilie
 controversy now going on between Calhoun
 and Benton. The Southern house was ai
 last divided —and‘a house divided against it-j
 self cannot stand’—while at the North, we
 were growing more united in the cause of
 freedom.
 lie alluded to the slate of the country at
 the time the Liberator was started, and
 when scarcely an individual was willing to
 avow himself an abolitionist, and compared it
 with the present, in which hundreds of thou
 sands are proud of that title, and the land
 is shaking beneath the tread of the increas
 ing hosts of freemen. How wonderful the
 change how inspiring the retrospect
 11c proceeded tc disclaim any special merit
 for what lie had done. He was only one
 of many, who had labored with equal zeal,
 fidelity and success, and whose co-operation
 should not be forgotten. In this connection,
 he gratefully acknowledged the timely aid
 which was also early a period tendered to
 the Liberator by the excellent women al
 luded to by his esteemed friend, Mr. Hilton.
 But it was by a steadfast adherence to prin
 ciple, and a clear and unfaltering annuncia
 tion of the truth, that the field had been main
 tained, and the blessing of God secured.
 As for himself, he.could truly sav that he
 had endeavored to make the cause of the
 i slave his own. For that cause, he had
 'sacrificed the respect and esteem of the
 friends of other days—reputation in the com
 munity—his ardent political attachments—lns
 stiong religious predilections, and taken his
 position outside of the Church and State,
 which were in league with the oppressor
 and he had incurred something of bodily
 peril, and brought down upon himself riie
 vials of popular fury. What then 1 For this
 was he to challenge praise, or of this was he
 to boast 1 Far from it. He had simply done
 his duty, and no one could do ltss, and be
 true to himself or his race.
 We have lived—he said—to see nearly a
 million of slaves emancipated in the British
 West India islands—many millions emanci
 pated in India —and slavery abolished in the
 French, Swedish, and Danish colonies, in
 Tunis and other pans of the world. I trust
 we shall all live to see the day when not a
 slave shall be seen on the American soil, but
 liberty shall be ‘proclaimed throughout all
 the land, unto all the imhabitants thereof'
 iu accepting this beautiful gift, 1 do so on
 this one condition if, at any subsequent
 penod, 1 shall be lound compromising your
 rights, ur accepting any thing less than the
 immediate emancipation of the slave, then let
 the donors take it back, and, obliterating its
 inscription, bestow it ou one worthy to receive
 it for his fidelity to the end.
 Again thanking you for this manifestation
 of \our confidence, affection and gratitude, 1
 conclude by saying —Let ut go on
 ‘Patient, firm, and persevereiug—
 Uod speed the right!
 Ne'er th‘ event nor danger fearing—
 God speed the right
 Pams, nor toils, nor trials heeding,
 And iu Heaven's own time succeeding—
 tiod speed the right
 Mr. C. L. Kemosd has given three lec
 tures m the Free Congregational C.'hutqh to
 good audiences. Last evening the house was
 filled to overflowing, aud many were unable
 to find seats. The hearers were much inter
 ested in listening to his glowing and earnest
 eloquence. He possesses great power as a
 speaker, using chaste and appropriate lan
 guage, aud is deeply and earnestly engaged
 on the subject of which he speaks, I Ls effort
 [last evening to illustrate the folly and injus
 tice of the prejudice w Inch proscribes his race
 and makes them the Pariahs ot American so
 ciety, was very able, and enlisted the fixed
 attention of h;s hearers. He is indeed a noble
 man with sable brow, gifted with uncommon
 capacities, and a gentleman, too, of the most
 polished and agreeable manners. —Mtlutau
 Are U,s.
 Anniversary ol the Ordinance oDB7.
 CELEBRATION AT CLEVELAND.
 The Great North Western Convention to
 celebrate the tcJJ Anniversary of the Ordi
 nance of 17*7, met at Cleveland, Ohio, on
 Tuesday, the 13th ult. The Convention war
 very large and enthusiastic. The following
 letters were read.
 Asm. end* June 16, 1645.
 Gentlemen
 I received vonr official letter, in behalf ol
 the freemen of the Reserve, inviting me tc
 mute with them, all'leveland, in celebra.ing
 ihe anniversary ot the passage of the Ordi
 j nance ol 17*7, tj je 13th of July next. J
 'concur entirely m my opinion as to tlie wia-
 I dom ot that great measure, and 1 am glad
 that it fas secured to the States on which u
 operates an exttnpoun from the evils 1 of sla
 very. But the event of the passage of the Or
 i i nance has never, within my knowledge
 Ti of the autvL
 J years which have a*nce intervened Jl u
 oropo*ed for the first nine m coiuemorate it
 im P°** ,b!e »o disguise the conviction, thai
 thu purpose originates out of the question
 now unfoitunatHy agitating the whole p DIoIJ
 of the intrudm-tion of slavery into New Me\
 ico and California While no one can bt
 more opposed than 1 am to the en*o** u n u
•livery into those new territories, ettber by
 the authority of Congress, or by individual
 enterprise, 1 should tw*un willing to do any
 thing to increase the prevsdtog excitement.
 I hope that the question will be met, with a
 spirit of calmness and ctfador, and finally net
 tled in a manner to adiitrength and stability,
 instead of bringing any danger, to the exis
 tence of our Union. Jo all our differences
 of opinion, we should nevet cease to to
 member that we are lellow-cHizens of one
 common and glorious country, nor to exer
 cise mutual and friendly forbearance.
 But, gentlemen, waiving all other consid
 erations, indispensable engagements will
 prevent niv attendance on the occasion, which
 you have done tue the honor to invite me.
 With great respect, 1 am,
 Your friend and ob’t servant,
 H. CLAY,
 Messrs. Jno. C. Vaughan, f
 Thus. Brown, J Committee.
 Lindenwald, July 7, IM7.
 Gentlemen’
 I have received the invitation with which
 you have honored me to unite with the Free
 men of the Reserve in celebrating,on the 13th
 inst., the anniversary of the passage of the
 Ordinance of 1787, and return my best
 thinks for this proof of your respect and con
 fidence.
 It will not be m my power to comply with
 your request, and it can scarcely be necessary
 to say to you how cordially and earnestly I
 concur in the policy of the great measure you
 desire to sustain.
 That‘the Ordinance of 1787, lies at the
 foundation of the growth and prosperity of the
 States of the Northwest—that the vigor and
 vjtahly they j«»ssess is justly attributable to
 its action —that exclusion of slavery by that
 act from this territory—all then held by the
 nation—declared the original, and affirmed
 the future policy of the American people;
 atyl that the influence of government should
 be kept actively and perpetually on the side of
 fteedom—are opinions which deserve, and
 will, i doubt not, at no distant day, meet
 w ait the heartfelt concutenee ot the masses
 af the people of every section of our extended
 confederacy.
 Sincerely wishing you success in your pat
 riotic efforts, 1 am, gentlemen,
 Very respectfully,
 Vout obeuient Servant,
 MARTIN VAN BI REN.
 Messrs W Committee.
 Madison Go. ky. July sth IrMD.
 Gentlemen:—l have had the honor to re
 ceive your letter of June Ist, inviting me on
 behalf of the Freeman of the Reserve, to cel
 ebrate with them,at Cleveland,on the 13th of
 July, the anniversary of the passage of the
 Ordinance of 1787. I cordially sympathize
 with all the purposes of that Convention.
 Onr Fathers of ’7t&gt;, from all their public and
 private history evidently regarded out liber
 ties as only half established, whilst African
 Slavery existed among us. There is no
 despotism in the world so absolute, as that ol
 the American Slave Master. The laws ol
 pretended restraint are the bitterest mockery
 of Justice and common sense. Slavehol
 ders are a political aristocracy of more power
 than the Nobles of England or Russia, and
 they are as unscrupulous in its protection and
 preservation, as the Sultan of Constantinople.
 To talk of Liberty, Religion, or Justice as
 compatible with snob things is absurd. In
 whatever portion of ihe world there lives a
 man w hose national instincts are not effaced
 by crime, his every aspiration must be, that
 this old Bastile of the most horrible of all
 earth's tyrannies, may go down. I thank
 God that the lime has arrived when its e
 normities can he no longer covered ub in
 the dignified and courtly language of pompous
 Statesmanship, nor sane a tied by the sniveling
 cam of pulpit hypocrisy. In the history of Na
 tions the time has at last come for slavery tc
 die. The proposition of the South to hold
 slaves in the territory now free, by the aid ol
 i the Free People, north and south, is simply
 the proposition of the pirate, to call in all the
 good people of the neighborhood to share in
 t fie danger and infamy of his crime, whilst he
 appropiiates to himself all the profits of the
 enterprise. Let us go on then in the accom
 plishment of"our high destiny,.undismayed by
 the dangers and privations which the Deity
 has made the pr.ee of every good. Suffer
 ing from wounds, w hich* the common law ol
 slavery inflicts upon evefy free spirit, I havt
 been compelled to dictate this letter to ar
 Amanuensis.
 1 have the honor to he,
 Your ob’t servant,
 C. M. CLAY.
 Messrs. Jno. C. Vaughau,
 Thor Brown,
 John Van Buren made a speech, a report o
 which is given by the Cleveland Plaindealer
 The following is an extract:
 The Ordinance of’B7 estabhshedja compleu
 Government for the North west Territory
 By the provision excluding Slavery, five fret
 States have grown up, whose joint prosperi
 I ty. iesources, and political consequence havt
 tar outstripped any other portion of the Union
 This Ordinance clearly indicates the fixed pol
 i icy of the framers of the Constitution. No mat
 in the original Congress ever dreamed tha:
 1 Slavery would be found in this country to-day
 They looked forward to its total extinction
 and did not hesitate to avow their sentiments
 and even to legislate to this effect. State af
 ter State followed this Ordinance, abolished
 slavery within their limits. This policy was
 established on the presumption contained in
 the Declaration of Independence, jThat all
 men are created free and equal.’’ The practi
 cal application ot this doctrine, it was never
 1 feared by our forefathers, would result in a dis
 solution of the Union, and not until Mr. Wil
 mot introduced this Proviso to an appropria
 tion, looking to the acquirement of new terri
 tory, did the South discover in its principles
 cause lor such a calamity.
 There have been attempts to cast censure
 upon Mr. Wilmot in this affair which are to
 tally unjustifiable by the facts. Mr. W. a
 goung man belonging to the party in power,
 met liie frown of a slave-holding president,
 the opusitionof the Vice President and Secre
 tary—both the latter from his own State—tht
 ire of the whole South, by this movement.
 \et he stood firm and unwavering through
 out. He could have elected Gen. Gass bv
 giving him the vote of Pensylvania, which it
 was known six weeks before the election he
 held in his hand. But notwithstanding the
 most pressing solicitations from his old party
 friends he stood it out.
 With Mr. Benton's views in regard tothi
 necessity of enforcing the Proviso principle by
 law we beg lea re to differ. He treats tht
 question .u&gt; an abstraction, and compass it U
 a quarrel about goat’s wool, when go.us havt
 no wool. He says Gor.gress has power tt
 abolish Slavery .but cannot exercise such pow
 er only where it exists; and as there is nc
 slavery in these there is d&lt;
 neeesitv of such a law. It is strange this faei
 has just been discovered. Thtee years ago
 when this Proviso hist introduced, there
 was an overwhelming majority in the House
 of Representatives, w ho thought differently.
 Eleven Stales have since passed* resolution!
 affirming the necessity of such a law,
 and |the fate of such men as lianae
 gan, Breese. CTmeroa, Allen, arid Gass
 should admonish politicians that a different
 I sentiment prevail- among the people. The.-*
 men would mn want to have n written or
 then tornb-stoiics—“Died of an abstractior
 and w rapped in goat’s woo!.”( Roars of faugh
 ter.)
 We are told that slaves cannot go to Cal
 iforma, that the gold seekers, the Yankees,
 ''are there before them, and will keep then:
 i out. Think you tnat slaves will not be uker
 there and put to digging for then misters
 when such bvm* and sinews cau be mad!
 to earn a hundred dollars a day l But Co)
 Benton says Slaveholders have no eoostito
 tienal light to take them there. Does so;
 I other Southern mat say fu' The Allots*;
General of the United Slates, Reverdy John
 son, says that country is well adapted to
 Slaves, and they ought to go there; and while
 wider the present military rule there and io
 der a SlaTeholding President they will so
 there. The question in not can slaves he held
 there 1 But will slave* be held there* Neither
 Benton nor Caas claim that the people of the
 Territory have ant power to exclude them.
 And suppose they have, shall I, a free white
 Republican, with an ordinary share of sense,
 be told that the Chilians, the Mexicans, the
 Sandwich Islanders and Patagonians which
 hsve flocked to tbst country for gold, shall
 have the privilege of settling this ques
 tion of freedom, for a country larger than the
 original thirteen States, and we who apent
 our blood and treasure to acquire it, hare
 nothing to say about it l No; if they are not
 disposed to submit to the forms of Republi
 can Government, subjugate them to liberty!
 (Cheers
 But Mr. Benton is opposed to agitation,
 because it furnishes ammunition to Mr.
 Calhoun and other fanatics. lam in favor of
 furnishing this very k nd of ammunition to
 any Southern tnan who can make any thing
 by the use of it for propagating Slavery.
 Mr. V. B. here passed on to notice the ac
 tion of States coming in under this Ordinance,
 and consequently free, but who incorporated
 the prohibitory clause ir. all their constitu
 tions. He also referred to lowa, which,under
 the Missouri compromise, being north of 30
 deg. 30 min. was free, still a proviso was con
 sidered necessary in her Constitution. Ore
 gon, also ihe same, when at the suggestion
 of Col. Benton the proviso was inserted, and
 is called the Benton Proviso. He thought it
 too late to be accused of acting against the pol
 icy of Governments by introducing “Provi
 sos'’ where no present necessity seemed to de
 mand them.
 Mr. V. B. next look a view of the condition
 of present political parlies. He declared the
 National Democratic party dissolved; and by
 the action of the South. The test put k fortfi
 by Southern men in their Stat e Conventions
 and in their Southern Address, absolves all
 Northern Democrats from any farther politi
 cal associations with them.
 He next touched upon compromise, and
 said it would be the game of this A dmistta
 tion attempted to be played at the next ses
 rion. Their airn will be to leave this whole
 question to ihe I T S. Court. He did not
 wish to trust it to that tribunal. If Senalois
 elected only for six years disregard the wish
 es of their constituents with impunity Judges
 elected for life could certainly do so.
 A long list of resolves was read, for which
 we have not room. The preamble states that
 Thomas Jefferson, in March, 1784,introduc
 ed into the Congress of the Confederation, “a
 plan for the temporary government of the
 Western Territory,” the provision of which
 embraced all “the territory ceded, or to be
 ceded, by the individual States to the United
 States,” and expressly included the States ol
 Ohio, Indiana, Michigan and Wisconsin.
 That prominent amongst its terms was a
 proviso, “That after the year 1800 of the
 Chiistian era, itiere should be neither Slavery
 nor involuntary servitude in any of the sain
 Slates, otherwise than in the punishment ol
 crimes, whereof the party shall have been
 duly convicted to have been personally guilty.’
 'That this plan, now ascertained to havr
 been drawn and engrossed by Thos. Jefferson
 I only failing of enactment by one vote, (receiv
 ing the votes of six States out of the ten presen
 in Congress But subsequently on the 13tl
 of July, 1787, an Ordinrnce for the govern
 merit of the North-west Territory was unani
 mously passed, which prohibited slavery oi
 1 involuntary servitude, almost in the words o
 j the Jefferson Proviso of 1784.
 The resolutions are in conformity w ith iht
 j spirit of this preamble.
THE NORTH STAR.
ROCHESTER, AUGUST 3, UM9.
Bibles and Testaments for distribution
 among the Colored People.
 We have received, through a benevolent
 friend of the oppressed in this country, one
 hundred copies of Bibles and Testaments,
 which are at our disposal, for gratuitous dis
 tribution among colored families destitute of
 the Sacred Scriptures. It is proper to state
 that these Bibles have been generously given
 for this purpose, by the British and Foreign
 Bible Society, and that the same Society will
 be happy to furnish us with an additional sup
 ply, if more shall be needed. Any person
 destitute of a Bible and wishing to obtain a
 copy of either Bible or Testament, will be
 provided with pleasure at the North Star
 office.—f. 0.
Narratives ok Fugitive Slaves. B&gt; tlie
 Rev. Ephraim Peabody.
 We have seen but a single extract from
 Mr. Peabody’s Review. The Examiner
 has never been sent to our office, although no
 periodical would meet a warmer welcome at
 our table. From a perusal of a part of this
 Review, we are satisfied that the writer has
 attempted a work which he is ill qualified to
 perform, Ilia iHisition as a minister, the
 circle in which he moves, and the subjects
 upon w hich he is accustomed to discourse, are
 all calculated to render him until to criticise
 the writings of slaves or the conduct of their
 friends the Abolitionists. We are, however,
 not sorry that Mr. Peabody has made the
 attempt, and given the world a slight intima
 tion of what is passing in bis mind on the
 great subject of American slavery as we
 a:e jiersi ad-d that such a rnind as his has
 hut to consider it, to come to an enlightened
 and benevolent conclusion with re-vpect to it.
 We have lung known Mr. Peabody; and a
 remembrance of his early kindness to us in
 duced a hesitation as to vvhethei we should
 review the reviewer.
 It is now nearly eleven years since we es
 caped from the terrible condition of an Am
 erican slave, and went to New Bedford,
 Mass. In two days after our arrival, we
 were made acquainted with the Rev. Mr.
 Peabody. He was at that ume the minister
 of the Unitarian Church in that place. He
 had only to be informed that we had escaped
 Irom bondage, to bare bis sympathies warm
 ly excited in our behalf. We were without
 money and without home. He supplied us
 with both and no sentiments or opinions of
 his, how opposite soever to our own, shall
 erase from w u r memory the grateful rerollec
 tion of the early interest which that gentle
 man w as pleaded to take in us, w lien the pros
 pect was dark, and friends were few. We
 have {wig desued an opportunity to refer in a
 becoming manner to his deeds of past kind
 ness, and c v'regret that the one now afford-
 I ed is coupled with circumstances which make
 it impossible for us! to extend the meed of
 humble praise due to Mnui, unaccompanied
 I by remarks which must lessen its force and
 jeast a melancholy shade upon its simple
 jbeauty.
 We have said that the circutnaiaoces in
 j which Mr. Peabody is placed, and the habits
 laod customs of bis Lie, disqualify him for the
 office of ciutc upon wie witling* and actions
of reformers. He is 100 far i***oved from
 ibe mnsaes to understand fully fru*’
 of effecting a change eiib« in lhe,r opinions
 or their practice. The refined mod beautiful
 diction in which be clothe* his sermons before
 his part ten lar cong relation in Boslon can scar
 cely be a model of oratory for ihoee w ho
 would arouse this nation to a sense of ita
 deep guilt in ihe tastier of slavery. The
 persons to whom he speaks form a distinct
 class in society, and are by no means the
 class moved earliest in tlie cause of reform.
 I hey are lietievolent, and in many respects a
 highly serviceable part of lb® community,
 but their tastes and tendencies thoroughly in
 dispose them to engage in the rugged and
 difficult work of stemming the popular cur
 rent. Ready at all tiroes to extend ihe hand
 of charity in a private w*V, to individuals,
 and in some cases, even to the fugitive, they
 ate, nevertheless, wholly unprepared to min
 gle in the common conflict, and to openly
 grapple with a system of popular iniquity,
 like that of American slavery. From this
 class of persons Mr. Peabody has, undoubt
 edly received a bias, and under its influence
 written the article, extracts of which arp now
 before us.
 Mr. Peabody says: “There is nowhere
 a more settled and bitter detestation of slave
 ry, than is sometimes met with at the South."
 This sentence, whatever may have been the
 object of its author in penning it, will do mis
 chief, since it w ill be received by the South as
 a mitigating circumstance, and will be re
 garded by the North as a reason for leaving
 the question of slavery in the hands of those
 who, Mr. Peabody declares, bitterly deles!
 the evil. For our part, we can see no founda
 tion for the remark, and the article itsell gives
 us no dala. Certainly, neither the Southern
 pulpit nor the Southern press affords illustra
 tions favorable to the conclusion to which Mr.
 Peabody has come. So far from tins being
 the case, we believe that a single instance
 has yet to be adduced in which persons re
 siding in the South, have indicated and do
 evince “a settled and bitter detestation ol
 slavery.” We are, however, aware, that
 slaveholders frequently speak of slavery as
 an evil, and express the wish that they were
 rid of their slaves. This is fashionable canl
 at the South—always indulged in more freely
 in the presence of persons from the North,
 than before the slaves, or among themselves.
 It is quite reasonable that this should be so;
 and every man going from the North to th«
 'South, should feel such to lie the case, li
 we judge the slaveholder by Ins words, 1
 w ill be difficult to convict him of unkiudnesi
 to his slaves, or to chaigehim with the desin
 to continue the relation of slavery but tin
 i unmisiakeable language of conduct leaves n*
 doubt of his guilt in both these points. T&lt;
 detest slavery in words, and to cling to it ii
 practice, is a display of hypocrisy that shouh
 deceive no one and it is to he regretted tha
 one so kind, just and intelligent as the. learne*
 reviewer, has allowed himself to be impose*
 upon by such representations.
 1 Mr. Peabody continues “So entangle*
 is the whole subject—so complicated are tin
 relations and powers of the several States
 and of the Union, that though the slave raa]
 find the most sympathy personally at th&lt;
 North, our main hope of the abolition o
 slavery as an institution, depends on the ef
 forts of the enemies of slavery at the South.’
 This is a singularly constructed sentence, anc
 though it may seem indelicate to say it, th«
 j conclusion appears to us to have notning tc
 do with the piemises. What are the “en
 tanglements and complication of the ielatior
 of the several States of the Union,” which
 should lead Mr. Peabody to hope for ihe
 overthrow of slavery by its enemies at the
 South* and what ground has he for dispar
 aging the labors of anti-slavery men at the
 North? This remark of Mr. PeaboJv implies
 as true a thing which is unphilosophical,
 i false and absurd. It presupposes the ex
 -1 istence and strength of moral influence at the
 j South, in the midst of slavery, superior to
 jlhat which is being w ielded at the North.
 We hold that the rational and unvarying re
 sult of slavery in any community where it ex
 ists, is to corrupt the moiaU, to pervert the
 judgment, and to beget a character in all
 around it, favorable to as own continuance.
 Born and reared tn the midst of slavery, ac
 customed, from childhood upward, to hear
 men speak of the relation of master and
 slave as innocent, merciful, and even just;
 and on the other hand, being familiar w ith
 the ignorauce and degradation of the slave,
 it cannot be expected that persons thus envi
 roned should either deteat slavery or respect
 the rights and happiness of ns victims. It is
 impossible that it should be so. utue can
 not be nursed in a school of vice. Tyrants
 cannot teach liberty. Slaveholders are not
 the persons to advocate and defend the rights
 of the slave. Wo must, therefore, look t Q
 other sources of moral influence to effect the
 overthrow of slavery in tins country. No'
 Mr. Peabody it is to the higher standard of
 morals, and to the keener sensibilities of the
 North, that we must look as the great means
 for the tedeuipUon of the deeply injureJ
 bondman. We must avail ourselves of the
 larger admissions in favor of freedom at the
 North, and press the same into the service ot
 the slave. In the Southern .States—even m
 those where most liberality exists, the slave
 w universally spoken of and treated as the
 property of lus claimant. His manhood is
 scarcely acknowledged and the principles of
 justice which are thought to apply to ot her
 men, are seldom or never applied to hiui.
 The case is far different at the North Here,
 whether men are abolitionists or not, there is,
 generally, an under-curreoi convicliuu that
 man cannot rightfully hold property tn man.
 To embody this conviction, snd to express a
 through the press, pulpit, and pohucs of the
 North, is indispensably necessary to awake:,
 and quicken the paralysed conscience of the
 South. For the amount of anL slavery
 which we now ditnlv discover id several of the
 slave States, we are, under thud, indebted to
 the efforts which Mr. Peabody treats as im
 potent, and to the agnation w inch he con
 demns. There was not at the South, the
 moral perception to commence, nor the moral
 energy to prosecute the holy cause of eman
 cipation and but for Ibe anti-slavery organ
 isations at the North, »i have good leasoo to
 believe that the same apathy and indifference
 which pervaded the South on this sobject,
 would have continued, in all its death-hkt
 gloom, until now. The alight glimmer of
 hope, beginning to be perceived under the
 Southern borooo, arise* from torches ht at
the iltar of Liberty in the North ar.d we
 believe that there is not an anti-slaveiy min
 at the Seuih who does not _«incerHv desire
 Abolitionists to persevere at the North. Abo
 litionists at the South—if »uch there
 though sensible that the practical part ef ihe
 work, such as legislation must be performed
 by the Southern people themselves, know
 full well that the incentive to such legislation
 must be furnished by the people of the North.
 Mr. Peabody says "Those in the slave
 States, who are desirous of the abolition of
 slavery, are not helj&lt;ed bv Northern abuse.
 We aic not aware that any man desirous of
 the abolition of slavery has ever received
 “Northern abuse.” The charge thus in
 directly brought, is stale and indefinite.
 Every man decides for himself w hat con
 stitutes abuse, h is something 1 ke certain
 words in common use among slaveholders—
 such as insolence, impertinence, and impu
 dence. These terms are often applied to
 slaves, for words and deeds which would nev
 er call them forth, when used and performed
 by white persons. To call a man who steals
 a thief, is merely to identify him with his
 crime, and can no more be termed abuse,
 than to call a just man honest; since in the
 one case and the other, each man lias his
 due. We might say much more on this
 point, but the charge has been answered a
 thousand times, and needs no other reply,
 than to request those who prefer it, to place
 themselves in the situation of the plundered
 slave.
 Speaking of the Narratives, Mr. Peabody
 admits, “they give a just idea of what slave
 ry is to the slave but adds, “they convey
 an altogether erroneous idea of ihe charac
 ter of the masters.” Here we think Mr.
 Peabody’s logic at fault. What slavery is to
 the slave, the slaveholder is to the slave
 and the character of the slaveholder may be
 fairly inferred from Ins treatment of the slave.
 It is not by the courtesy and hospitality which
 slaveholders extend to Northern clergymen
 and travellers, whose good opinions they
 think desirable, that wo are to learn their
 irue character. Here they have an end to
 attain. But it is their conduct towards those
 over whom they have unlimited power, by
 which they are tube tried ami adjudged. In
 this relation they act freely and without res
 traint in the other ease they act from neces
 sity. In the same vein Mr. Peabody talks
 about the violence and extravagance of those
 who assail slavery at the North, and oilers a
 word of advice to us as to the form of ex
 pression best calculated to convince the judg
 ment, and to mould the feelings of those to
 whom we address ourselves. This is un
 doubtedly well intended, and worthy of all
 consideration yet we by no means admit
 the entire soundness of the ground on winch
 it is based. Mr. Peabody adds, that “a few
 sober words from a calm, w ise, discriminating
 I mind, are, after all, the ones which are fol
 lowed.” We would that the “calm, wise,
 discriminating minds” would take upon their
 own shoulders the anti-slavery cause, and
 give us the sober word which the nation will
 so readily follow, instead of standing aloof
 and displaying their skill in picking flaws in
 the anti-slavery movement. Let the Re
 viewer bring his learning, refinement, and the
 power of his intellect to the aid of this cause,
 and he will do a work far more in accordance
 w ith the feelings of hie own benevolent heart,
 and reap from jt a happiness which he can
 ■ever experience in condemning the abolition
 ists, ana applauding the unsoiupulous slave
 holder, Henry Clay.— f. d.

 Anti-Slavery Rugle,
 Absence from home has until now deptived
 us of the pleasure of noticing the change
 which has taken place in the editorial depart- j
 ment of this excellent Anti-slavery Journal.
 During the last four years that paper has been
 conducted in an able and faithful manner bv
 Benjamin and Elizabeth Jones. Within the 1
 past few weeks these devoted friends have re
 tired from the arduous duties of the office
 they so well filled, and the paper is now un
 der the editorial char geol our esteemed friend
 a nd brother Oliver Johnson. A person bet
 tei qualified for this important post could not,
 have been well selected. Acquainted with I
 the cause from its commencement, tamdar
 with its whole history, possessing a large ex
 perience in the management of newspapers,
 and wilhal having the head and the heart to!
 apply Ins energies faithfully to the work be
 fore bun, be cannot fail to make the Bugl e”
 a most efficient engine fur battering down the i
 walls ol slavery and prejudice in this land. WV j
 congratulate oui friends in Ohio upon having so j
 valuable an accession to their tanks.— f. u.
 Father Matthew.
 We are happy to observe that tins dis
 tinguished philanthropist receives a cordial
 welcome in all parts of the country which he
 has visited. His tour through the Northern:
 States w ill undoubtedly be attended with the
 best of consequences to the cause of temper-'
 ance, and will also prove highly gratifying to
 hunseli. His open and generous expression
 of countenance, and lus great uibauily, will
 win tor hint the love and admiration of all
 among whom Ins labors may call him.
 Father Matthew is in a positron which gives
 him ihe power to do great good m this cuun
 try in many ways. He conies from Ireland,
 identified with ihe cause which at once gives
 lain access to the popular ear, anj adds im- j
 porlance to all he may »av. Among other
 benevolent movements to which he might
 render efficient aid, the Ann Slavery move
 ment is pre eminent. At home. Father Mat
 thew is understood to be a thorough anti
 slavery man. and when we had the happiness
 of visiting Ireland, we were received bv m
 one in a manner more gratifying to our feel-
 mg*, or who mamfrsted a deeper interest in
 the antw la very cause than tie. io show his s
 utter disregard of American prejudice, this
 apostle of temperance repeatedly invited uv to
 his house, and received Its at lus table on
 equal terms with his other friends and visitor*
 It is not to be expected that Father Matthew
 will leave the field of hi* temperance labors
 to make many speeches on the subject of sla
 very, but we think that he would do himself
 and his conn try a marked mtustice should Ire
 depart from this land without leaving on
 record a clear, pointed and earnest testimony
 against American slavety m ail its forms. We
 cannot think that one so benevolent m heart,
 snd truthful in spoil, will allow himself to
 pass through a country like ours, with it*
 three miliioos of slaves, without lifting up his
 voice against th* foul crime and disgrace of
 the slat* system. No motif#* of policy should
deter him from the utterance of «ucb a tear
 ■Sony, for even viewed in the light of expe
 diency, a would be far wiser for him to adhere
 strictly in America, to th? pr.nciplcs which he
 delights to honor in Ireland. Bad as the
 Americans arc, and anxious a* they ever ap
 pear to disarm opposition to slavery, thev
 would entertain a far higher respect for the
 S«°d man who Consistently retains hi* arm
 slavery position, than ihey can possibly feel
 for one w ho. in the spirit of accommodation,
 sacrifice Hus own convictions io ihe wishes of
 lus friends, or at any oiher cost There is
 no country in the world, perhaps, where there
 is more of the spirit of compromise than here
 and yet there can be nowhere found more de
 spisers of servility, nor moie lovers of mde
 than here.
 To command the respect of 31l rla«
 Father Matthew need only be true to himselr,
 and be in the United States just w hat he is
 on the turf of his own (ireen Isle.—f. n.
 American Impi den* k. —We feel indignant
 for the dishonor of the American name, whso
 we observe such cases of impudence and petty
 tyranny as that in the treatment ot Frederick
 Douglass on board ihe steamer AliJa. The
 officers of the steamer, and the passengers
 generally of that trip, were mean 3nd despi
 cable in their conduct, and are objects of pity
 for their ignorance, 33 well as censure for
 their churlisdin-ss. Men of such Conduct
 very fatally misjudge their true rntere»i.
 I hey thought, m this case, to dishonor Mr
 Douglass, but they promoted Ins respectabili
 ty, and disgraced themselves hen wall
 nu n learn to act wisely
 There was a tune, and that hut a tew yens
 since, when there was a ileal of trouble a
 bout colored people in the first class cars, on
 the ea-lern and other railroads. Ihe conduc
 tois, under the law of the Direeiois, had
 abundance of the dirty work ot dragging out
 respectable gentlemen who had paid their fare
 in the first cla.-s cats, and eje ting them into
 the ditches by ihe way. It was a great husi
 ness. But the noble expression ot public
 sentiment made them ashamed of the work
 i and they gave it up. Never since have we
 known the least inconvenience to iesult to the
 most fastidious in the ears, on account of the
 presence of people ot color. All is quiet and
 agreeable. W e hope that all our steamboats
 will soon learn wisdom on this subject
 Boston (.'fitt *tmn Ffwnutn.
It is gratifying to know that the outrage
 I oils an*l disgraceful conduct of the f'apiaiu
 j and Passengers on board of the Alida, i»
 viewed in a proper light. This abominable
 bailed with all its accompaniments must give
 W3V before the civilizing and litistianlzing
 influence ot the press.—k. n.
The Ifypeiion.
 This is the expressive title of a beautifully
 printed and ably corid noted Journal published
 in the city of New ork bv J. 11. Townsend
 ii. Uo. This paper forms a gratifying ex
 eeptiou to the mass of papers started tn thus
 country by persons of color, both as regaul*
 its size, .m,l the ability with w hich nis con
 ducted. Such a journal cannot fail to be e\
 tensively nictitated, and exceedingly usetu,
 to uur oppressed fellow-countrymen. The
 number before us contains a spirited address
 to the colored people of the Tinted States,
 which we shall lay before our readers next
 week. The Hypeiion, lus our best wishes
 for its success.—r. o.
Almost a Tragedy.
 The following gross outrage took place on
 the banks of the Erie anal, a few' miles west
 of Palmyra, and communicated to us by
 a Scotch gentleman, travelling in this direc
 tion by the packet-boat Ohio of Schenectady.
 The circumstances, we think, demand in
 vestigation
 “On 1 uesdav atiernoon, a] colored man by
 the name of Peier Bell, on his way to St.
 Louis, (ol which city it is understood he is a
 resident,) stepped into the boat a few miles
 this side ol Palmyra. He was well dressed,
 and highly respectable in his demeanor while
 he was tn the cabin. His wife, an luteresting
 and intelligent looking mulatto, was with
 him and altogether it would appear they
 were on a visit ol pleasure to their friends in
 this quarter. Having stepped to the captain's
 office to settle his fare, and the required
 amount having been stated to hun, he de
 murred somewhat at the charge that was
 made. The captain met his objection by un
 ceremoniously saying something to this effect
 ou ruggers ate always complaining.’’—
 Bell, whose dignity (he thought) in the scale
 of humanity was somewhat lowered by the
 opprobrious epithet “rugger,” replied, “Don’t
 insult me, sir, by calling me a nigger. Caii
 me, if you please,J a colored man.” The
 captain, I suppo.se, guessing that squalls were
 about to blow wahout anv more words on the
 question, refused to have anything more to Jo
 wuh Bell, and straightway went to the deek
 and ordered some of the boatmen to cast his
 trunk off. seeing which, Bell followed, in
 high dudgeon, and requested that his wife,
 who was at this time in the ladies’ cabin,
 might be sent alter him. This request not
 having been attended to at the time, and the
 boat straightway going off, Bell, in an ex
 presaion of momentary and, as 1 thought, un
 guarded rage, swore that he would cut their
 line if they did not send his wife after him.—
 W hether he actually mu.*nd**d to do so, we
 doubt very much, at any rale, the threat wn
 no sooner out of tits mouth, than one o| the
 boatmen, a strong, stalwart looking fellow,
 caiue up behind, and with great force pushed
 bun right mio the canal. Ihe poor man
 now struggled in the water for a few tmr:
 ule* but ultimately recovering ht* self-pot-
 MMMoit. he swam to the bank, all besmeared
 over wuh mud Tins circumstance excited
 ho* rage (and I wonder not) to the highest
 pitch. His wife having by thus tnn»&gt; been
 landed, he went up to her, and taking off In*
 dripping coat, gave it to her; and producing
 lus knile, wore that he would be revenged on
 ibe man who had so cowardly maltreated
 him. Having pumued the boatman for some
 time along the banks, the latter ultimately got
 on board, and ran tow aids a box in which
 was deposited twine lathe! weapon, lhany
 thus armed, he ran towaids the colored man,
 who defended himself against his assailant
 A bloody encounter now took place Being
 well armed, and a more powerful looking m* !l
 than Bell, the boatman laid on nwit unmet
 Cilully on lus head with his weapon, which I
 perceived was well ironed at ihtf end. Bed
 cned for mercy. hut the boatman was unmet-
 Ctful. The*poor man seeing this, roared out
 with all hi* might, Murder murder and
 all on board actually thought tlat a murdet
 had been perpetrated. The boaiinm bavin*’
 satiated me vengeance, made fin the boat
 but Bell ruse, and in Hat# of maddened *nJ
 desperate cjtciteqK«L flu* to* l®**f w
 t 0
