ADDRESS
 Of the Executive Committee mi the
 Western New York Kortr
 n to the Abolitionists of Western
 New York,
 We &amp;klre*s you as friends sod f.-llow-la
 borers in a great and n«&gt;bl 3 cause, those
 strive in practice to remember those in bond*
 M bound with them.” Our earnest hope, t»-
 that our words inav fall on food ppro^rtxl, even
 upon the hearts of th* true friend* of the op
 pressed, and that rich fruit of g***! works
 may spring up persevering effort, eeaselew
 enerjrr, uneorapronusisg fidelity, and noble
 aelf-sacrffici. We have to contend with power
 ful and deep-rooted influences. Slavery ir
 this land is no creature of a day, but for nvm
 than two hundred year*, his be 'n sfrengrhcti
 inc ks terrible power, and spreading its ruh
 wider arrrf deeper until the government, th&lt;
 politics, the religion, the literature, and cvei
 the soci.il habits of the people, ha\e become
 aubject to its almost omnipotent sway.
 Ry the solemn guaranties of the (’onstitutioi
 of the I'liiidd States, tlw force of the nation i
 pledged to suppress the slave insurrection
 the whole country is made a hunting grouni
 for the huut-’rs of m :n, *and the slaveholder i
 entitled to additional political j«owct in Con
 gress by ni *ans of thi thrj&gt;fifllu» represents
 lion. Thus are the whole nation, holdinj
 three millions of human beings in bondage
 thus arc th: Northern people giving that suj;
 poitto slavery, without which it could n&lt;
 for a si.iglc year—nay, scarce for a day extai
 and yet, the great »uaje,of lias |*’opU*)»r*» eith*
 prepared to fulfil these guaranties to the full
 new of the sp.rit and the exactness of th
 letter, or else ig.iorant of th hr terrible impoi
 and giving l!t .\o a blind, but yet eff.-ctua
 a’lpjiort.
 With and therr* an exception so rare
 as to nuke good the rule, the pnipit is dum
 in regard to th’s great national sin. Th
 l’reabyterifla* and Baptists renew their fellow
 ship, anti ke ;p bright the chain of c mcotd
 clasping fondly its links wet with the blood c
 the poor victims of their Southern brethren i
 the Lord. The Episcopal Methodists falsul
 claim to be free from the guilty brotherhood
 wli lie slaveholders, and even slave trad erf
 who coin gold from the tears of mothers, knet
 at their communion tallies yet there ar
 signs that the voices of the true hearted, ar
 sending dismay amid the Pharisees of th
 rwneteentb century. T*hr Warding cry erf “N
 Union with‘Slaveholders,” is Heard, and it
 echoes rise ainid the warm debates on thi
 M vexed question,” in the Synods and Confer
 cnccs, where the leaders in the modern Israe
 Convene. When the church shall cease to
 land the immense weight of its influence to
 sanction jobbery, and crime, and blood,” then
 and not until then, ought we too cease ou
 w arning and rebuke.
 The great political organizations are, a!
 ever, servile, false, and hollow-hearted—uni
 ted with slaveholders, their course must cvei
 bo one of miserable subserviency to the slave
 ocracy, or still more miserable and wholly
 useless compromise between Slavery am]
 Freedom,by which the people will be deceiv
 ed—freedom never gained a foot of ground
 but lose all by treachery and false-hearted ness
 Slavery is law less: it has annexed foreign ter
 ritory, declared war, engaged this guilty na
 tion in a career of rapine and robbery, am
 trampled upon all laws, human and divine
 that stand in its way and yet is gaining a]
 that is necessary of men a-id monies, to can
 on its atrocious schemes. One great part
 giving these measures an open unblushinj
 support, defending their rightfulness an
 legality—another crying out illegal,” un
 constitutional,” and vet granting money
 the“ sinews of war,” because it dare not d
 otherwise the leaders caring-less for humani
 tv—nav, less for their own abused and injure
 manhood, than for the favor and alliance t
 th" 1 pimps of slavery.
 The Liberty party, having for its professc
 object to proclaim Liberty through all th
 land, by the magic power of the ballot-box
 links itself with tha other political parlies, i
 perpetuating a Union, which has become
 guilty league for tho preservation of the sun
 •f all yillanies. The leading men of the pai
 ty assembled in National Convention at Bui
 fdo, but a few weeks since, dared nntdeclar
 in a public resolution, as many had done a
 home, that the Constitution of the Unite*
 States was an Anti-Slavery document, force*
 by paltry considerations of politicalexpedienc;
 to be silent, as a party in regard to what the
 deemed of great importance as individuals.
 Such a miserable course is no matter t
 surprise to us, fur it only shows that a grot
 moral enterprise must inevitably become coi
 rupted by b&gt; ing merged in the struggles of
 political party, tending as every such part
 must i.i this country, to compromise and cm
 ruption. We rely not upon such measure*
 our firm trust t» in the power of Truth, sjx
 k?n without concealment or compromise.-
 Oar wish, our hope, our expectation is, to r*
 generate the corrupt heart of the nation.—Ot
 motto is“ No Union with Slaveholders,” n;
 tional, poliltical or ecclesiastical. We kn«v
 that the Union is the bond, that holds thrr
 million slaves wc knew, that so long as tl:
 people of the free States uphold the weak ari
 of th-.i slaveholder, a* they must; or so long j
 they maintain this Union, that oppression wi
 rule, and the blood of the oppressed will 1
 upon the heads of the w hole people. You ai
 8* well aware t»f all tliese things, as wo c:
 be, therefore, wc ask you to join us, and d
 Ktand in tha name of God and humanity,
 peaceable dissolution of the Union, tmstir
 fiat the guilty oppressor would tremble at 1:
 weakness and'give freedom to the slave, rat
 or than to dissolution, and try to ho
 the strong-handed bondman w ithout the aid
 the Northern arm. Knowing that if f
 South ch »«e to make tf»e hazardous expe
 incut, tho days of a tdav,-holding euufodera
 would soon Is- numbered. Kuo* mg too, fi
 well as you all must know that the Union
 a bitter mockery, a coalition in w inch Have
 from* and Freedom loses all, which must so
 inevitably perish by its own wickedness.
 Our great desire is, to spread light throuj
 the land, for W* belie'* that when the peoj
 see cUarly how the nation is pledged to su
 port tb- infernal sy«*-to; when they lea
 that so long th« vats and futile effort
 made m pup tuale F/ee&lt;W and .Slavery t
 I’., ijn- Art of 1795, tfo yk*v«dinl.W ma&gt; hi
 mil, w idwjnt *K«IU i»r&lt;c« if am kind, M-iw-1
 Hit' ll- tw- tind hint, uii'l ut ttw Ir-ivtirr*. (I
 lima- ip Si- I,) lilac linn twtoir any J until t
 tttr IV.i'-t i.i ti#» v,i)o,n 1* may pri-Jrt."
 Joy* t nr.
get her, that slavery must rule with ml oft
 iron; and bm though not least* when th»y
 begin to appreciate lie depth of woe, and
 misery, and degradation, the wife, tie groans,!
 the scourging** the Atbunuuiiitiag, brutalising
 tie horrible Ucctitiatmcza, w hich
 are—not the abuse*, hut tha necrsrtsry aty
 loci liable accompaniments of American Sla-
 very, a burnt of generous indignation will be'
 heard, the Slaveholder 1-toked upon aa the low
 est, the inoat degraded nnorg men, and all
 support, all fellowship be dented him. Is not
 the work a good one Is it not worth lafcir,
 long and unwearied, sacrifices constant arid
 abundant! j
 c are about to open an Anti-.Slaverv
 Office in this city, where- a supply of valuable
 Antt-Slaverr works will be kept for sale, and
 a variety of Anti-Jstevery newspapers, frt
 for the perusal of all, where our friends from
 the surrounding country can gain information
 in regard to the progresa of our cause, and
 supply themselves with books and pamphlets.
 Wc hiil thi establishment of the North
 Star in thw city, a new and ably conducted
 Anti-Slavery paper, edited by Frederick
 D.mglass and M. R.Dclany, as a powerful aid
 to our cause, and earnestly hope its circulation J
 may be extensive.
 Wa wmild also comm ’nd the National Anti-.
 Slavery Standard, the official organ of the!
 American Anti-Slavery Society, published in I
 New York the Liberator, of Ronton, edited
 l U J Win. Lloyd Gartison, the fearless pioneer
 in our cauac the Pennsylvania Freeman, in
 Philadelphia; and the Anti-Slavery Rugle, in
 Salem,Ohio, as papers holding up a high stand,
 ard, and promulgating true principles and!
 measures.
 i&lt; We wish to mnd lecturing agents through,
 Western New York, who shall spread Anti-
 Slavery intelligence, obtain subscribers for the j
 North Star, address the people, and stir them
 up to new vigor in the work. Jos. C. Hatha
 j way and Chas. L. Keruond are already en
 gaged for the coming year. J.C. Hathaway.;
 j. a resident in this vicinity, is known as a well
 tried Abolitionist, a man of high ability. He
 is appointed the General Agent of our Soci
 ety. C. L. Remond, of Salem, Mass., isj
 one who has always been faithful and active
 j in the work. “A noble man with sable.
 brow his withering rebuke and touching
 'I narratives of the wicked prejudice against his
 race have stung many a guilty conscience,
 and called the tear to many an eve.
 The field is wide, and we wish to sustain i
 both these efficient laborers and others if pos- J
 silile. Let us rouse to a full sense of our great re-1
 j sponsibility let t:s remember that the heart of]
 the slave leaps w ith joy when we arc acting,and
 sinks in deep despair w hen w e are idle. Now j
 is especially the time for strong, earnest ef-,
 fort. A bloody war of conquest is raging—a
 war to open new marts where self-styled
 Democrats can sell their human chattels. The,
 groans of wounded men, the shrieks of viola- j
 j ted women, the roar of the deadly cannonade,
 the rattle of musketry, and the fiendish j
 shouts of the trained bands of hireling mur
 derers, employed by this wicked Union to do
 slavery’s work, rise up from the desolated val- j
 leys ot Mexico. The people shout loud;
 praises to the leaders in this horrid crusade, j
 Let us, too, be up and doing; not with the,
 blood-stained sword, or gory bayonet—no,
 I nobler, mightier weapons arc ours—even the
 j mild arms of Truth and Love, made mighty
 by the living God.” Shall we have yourearn
 -1 (-st aid and co-operation to earn- out the ob- j
 jeets we contemplate
 We rely upon it. Our agents must be sup
 ported we rely upon you to do it. They are j
 l, efficient, sell-sacrificing, and ably furnished
 for the work. Our Anti-Slavery office must i
 bs kept open. To do all this work, monev
 is absolutely necessary. Will you, can you
 ■j withhold it!
 M e ask you, as those who arc ready to do;
 all possible for the sighing of the poor and
 needy.-for the deliverance of yourselves and
 I your friends from the yoke of a relentless
 slave-holding oligarchy—to contribute liberally
 according to your several abilities—to give
 I I joyfully, earnestly, as a matter of mingled
 pleasure and duty. All contributions we;
 would ask to be handed in as soon as possible,
 to Henry Bush, No. 34 Exchange street, in
 this city, Treasurer of the Society, or left at
 our Anti-Slavery Office, No 25, Buffalo street,
 j secoud story, under the office of the North
 Star.
 1 We close by asking you, one and all, men
 and women, to rebuke the sin of slavery,
 and scatter the truth bv fire-side aud field-!
 side.
 f Ours is a glorious war fore. Ours w ill be a
 t great and glorious victory, if we will but per
 severe to the end. God and truth are with us.
 i Our strength is in fidelity to our great princi
 r pics. In the w ords of one of the poets of
 humanity—
 1 YavrT-Mrrngtl)o *eil for tin- triitl,rnmr together;
 I'm on your iiunte*s for the moral tight,
 Viiil with tin- 11 -sjiiug cf your McavenU Father,
 .Maintain thi: Kiuht
 _ i
 Signed, on behalf of the Committee,
 r GILES B. STEBBINS,
 C’or. See.
 f Roc Hester, Feb. 22d. 1848.
 _
 (XF The Auti-SLivery Stanford will piratic copy.
 MAR.
 s
 The following adc ice was given by Dr.
 Benjamin Rush, an eminent American physi
 cian and philanthropist, who (hod about thitrv
 e years ago
 n “In order to impress more deeply the
 ..i minds of the citizens of the United States with
 the blessings of peace, bv contrasting th*»m
 with the evils of war, kt the following in-
 S scription be painted on the sign which is
 8 placid over th dot*r of the war office at
 Washington, mz
 d office for butchering the human spe
 cies.
 A widow and oiqihan-maktng office.
 ie; A wooden bone-making office,
 j. A wooden leg-making office.
 v An office for creating public and private
 vice**.
 Ail office for creating public de.at.
 is An office tor creating famine.
 v An office for creating pt-sulcutud dis
 cases.
 i An office for creating poverty, and for
 the d wlrucuon of liberty and national ha*&gt;-
 h piness.
 le I» the lobby let there be painted repre
 sentations ttf the common instruments of
 F. death; also human ukuik, broken bones,
 n hospitals crowd#*d witii sick and wounded
 bs idlers, villages on fire, ship, sinking in the
 H ocean, rivers dv l with blowl, and exten
 sive plains without it tree or fence, any
 other o’.iji-ct hut the rums of deserted farm
 j hotlM-K.
 'J; Above this gnuip of wsful figures, let tl»e
 ,i i following words I*-: mseru-d in r.-d characters,
 I»&gt; r-j*rc*ent btunau blood
 S \TH'&gt; VL l LOKT r
THE NORTH STAR
SOCHEiTEH, CEBRUARV U*
COLORED CHURCHES.
 We perceive by a letter in the Springfield
 Jmette of 15th February, written by a ed
 ited minister is that place, that oar views oa
 his subject have given riae to considcraUv
 ’xcitcment among our colored brethren in that
 egkm. We are glad of it, and hope it wiR
 rooiiaue to agitate them mitil they shall ie
 tve at sound conclusion*ui regard to U- The
 [Ucstton of,separate religious organizations
 md places of worship for colored peraona, is
 ui important one, and ought to claim the at~
 ention and consideration of the clear-sighted
 tnd reformatory portion of our people, and all
 ;hoac who are interc-stcd for our welfare. Ii
 ive have been the means of awakening a
 ipirit of inquiry into this subject, we feci that
 ive have been instrumental in doing much for the
 improvement and elevation of the oppressed,
 tnd advancing the cauac of pure religion, in
 this proud and scornful nation.
 We do not wish to alarm Mr. Collins, but
 we must tell him that b:s craft is in dangeT.—
 The question raised, is one that must be
 discussed. The spirit of equal human broth
 erhood and the oneness of the human family,
 is abroad, and will test the sbundness of even
 colored churches. The questions which in
 telligent colored men feel bound to ask the
 advocates of separate religious organizations,
 are nor to be evadod, nor ridiculed, nor winked
 out of sight, by priestly cunning and appeals
 to prejudice.
 Whatever may have been the motive for
 establishing colored churches, or whatever
 may have been the good resulting from their
 establishment, the time has come when it vs
 quite proper to inquire into their character,
 and to pronounce upon their good or evil
 effects. No considerations of a personal na
 ture shall prevent us from speaking our senti
 ments on this subject, or any other connected
 with our progress in moral, religious and so
 cial improvement. We have no party to
 serve, or sectarian ends to gain. If the col
 ored people cannot take the North Star be
 cause it speaks of their inconsistencies, as
 well as the meanness of their oppressors, why
 then it must go ou without their support —for
 speak we must and will. That white minis
 ters and churches, linked as they are with the
 blood-stained church and evangelical man
 stealers of the South, should seek to turn ofl
 our assaults, and shelter themselves from our
 rebukes, is natural and to be expected but
 that a colored man, one of the oppressed and
 despised of our land, should take tip his pen
 lo write for a pro-slavery paper, in defence of
 those churches and ministers, is painfully
 tmazing. What can be the motive of such a
 man Can he be sane, and if so, can he be
 lonesl Below’ is an extract from the letter ot
 Vlr. Collins in the Springfield Gazette, copied
 ’rom the Republican
 But Mr. Douglass did net seem satisfied
 *'ith laboring to prove the'Sntire corruption
 &gt;f the American churches. He strove to
 discourage the formation of colored church
 es, stigmatizing them as negro pews on a
 higher scale,% and calling in question the mo
 tives of those who would encourage such
 churches.
 Now, would the gentleman allow none of
 hfo own complexion, to minister at the altar
 of God AY ould he annihilate the ministry
 that labors especially to elevate and improve
 his brethren Suppose the eighteen colored
 churches in Philadelphia were to be disbanded
 and merged into w hite congregations —then
 their present ministers must cease their min
 istrations, or lie settled over white congre
 gations, which is impossible. There never
 w ere but two cases of the kind in this country,
 and expediency seems to dictate the propriety
 of selecting a w hite minister w here the major
 ity in the parish are white. Cannot an honest
 mind at orce the perfect propriety of a
 colored minister ministering to people of his
 own kind Is it reason to argue that there
 should not be a common interest and sym
 pathy between minister and people 1 Is good
 to by gained by w erking against nature
 Ihink not that wc form a separate church,
 because wc have not confidence in the good
 will of our while brethren. Their aid is cor
 dia ly welcomed. But we prefer an organi
 zation most natural and congenial with
 nur own tastes and feelings, believing that
 thereby we shall secure a higher degree of
 self-culture in all our social and moral re
 lations.”
 The churches and ministers, and pro-slavery
 press, will probably keep silent on the sub
 ject while they can have a black minister to
 defend them. He can do for them what they
 are unable to do for themselves —his colored
 skin seems to them a protection from the
 shafts of Anti-Slavery rebuke. They un
 doubtedly look upon him with about the same
 emotions of pleasure with which a slaveholder
 looks upon a contented slave—one who would
 not leave massa” for the world. YVe shall
 not spare Mr. Collins on account of his color
 we ask no favors on account of ours, and wc
 shall grant none on account of his.
 He says w c were 11 not satisfied with lalorinp
 to prove the entire corruption of the American
 Churches This was very criminal in bn,
 regard but, worse yet, we strove to discour
 age the formation of colored churches—stig
 matizing them as negro pews on a higliet
 scale. Y\ T e plead guilty to the charge. \Yt
 do ortoinlt/ regard than as n'gro pnes, on t
 higher and larger scale. IUAof is a
 prtc f It is this a part of a house of wen
 ship assigned especially to colored people, ot
 the ground that colored people are offcnsiTi
 to white people, and should be separate fron
 them. YVliat is a colored church A ply
 of worship especially assigned to colored per
 sons, and entirely separate from w hite per
 sons. In what does it differ from the 41 negn
 pew Simply in location and ditnension
 there is no moral difference between them.—
 YY’egire it as our deliberate conviction, tha
 separate religious organizations, and 44 negn
 pews” for the especial and exclusive use o
 colored persons, originated in most unhol
 ard unnatuial prejudices; that they are
 mere counterpart of colonization, mnd that ihei
 existence is a serious injury to tlie best inter
 ests of the colored people, at variance mitl
 the glorious cause of liberty and human equal
 ity and so far from being in accordance whl
 the will or purposes of our Heavenly Father
 they are diametrically opposed to the spirit an*
 precepts of the gospel of Christ. Then
 view s we shall maintain and defend, at bom
 and abroad, offend or pleaae whom it may
 among white oppressors or colored aemlcs.
 Mr. Collins says we railed in question thi
 motives of thoss (meaning, we suppose, whit
 persons) who would encourage rurh churches
 .M&lt;»t certainly wc do. YY&gt; rail in questim
tbs motifs of any white tmm% whn wontt
 help plans ns safsils of awy portion of tbn
 Christian chamh on ■ni'iisl of the color of
 omr skin. Aa In what Mr. Collins mys abottt
 ■flawing any of oar own n—plnhm to mm&gt;
 Mtisr si the ahsr of God, tha qaestim is im
 pertinent. We are in favor of mistoten who
 arc really qualified to tearb, bet their color be
 what it may. We look upon color as being no
 part of a suitable qualification of a Christian
 minister—« white minister is as good as a
 black one for us. Mr. (foUins asks, 44 cannot
 an honest mind see at once the perfect propri
 ety of a colored minister ministering to people
 of his «n kind f” We answer, that when
 Mr. Collins can show that colored people need
 moral and religious instruction differing from
 that of other people, his question will be in
 point. YVe bclieTe in the doctrine that “God
 lias made of one blood all natioos of men, for
 to dwell upon all the face of the earth,” and
 in the essential oneness of the human family,
 and that all men are brothers. We know
 nothing, and care nothing for the artificial mnd
 conventional distinctions set up by wicked
 men. Until white ministers can be as deeply
 interested for the salvation of the souls of
 black men, as they appear to be for those of
 white men, we shall regard them as liars and
 hypocrites; and if black men care any more
 for llie salvation of black men than white,
 they hare mistaken their call to 44 go into all
 the world and preach the gospel to evert
 creature.”
 Mr. Collins says, he “prefers organizations
 most natural and congenial to his oicn tasted 1
 So does Henry Clay, when he would hare us
 all sent out of the country —so does every
 1 negro hater that objects to colored and white
 children going to the same school; —so does
 every steamboat company which denies the
 equal rights of colored persons on board their
 vessels —so says the haughty hotel keeper,
 who spares from his table a respectable col
 ored traveller when he asks for accommoda
 tion —so say the rail road companies that
 maintain distinction on account of color, in the
 use of their cars; —so say the white lyceums
 and literary associations, which exclude per
 sons on account of their complexion so
 say the white pro-slavery and slavcholding
 churches which will not bow at the com-
 I munion table with the despised black man
 and last, not least, so says the recreant Rev
 erend Mr. Collins, who, though a black man
 himself, is willing, for the sake of gaining
 the good will of his oppressors, to play the
 part of a clerical sycophant. Shame on
 him!
 It has long been the desire of our enemies
 to deepen and widen the line of separation
 between the white and colored people of thus
 country, and to establish the conviction that
 nature required this separation. To accom
 plish this, all sorts of schemes have been re
 sorted to—rco’ored temperance societies, col
 ored schools, colored odd fellows, and colored
 churches, have been encouraged, by the very
 men who hate us, and wish to get rid of us.
 Some of these institutions we have deemed
 necessary, in our present circumstances, ex
 cluded as wc are from the like institutions
 among the whites but we have ever looked
 forward to the time when it would be our duty
 to abandon all complexional institutions, and
 go for equal and universal brotherhood, and
 demand admission to all institutions enjoyed
 by other men. That time, in our humble
 judgment, has now conic, at least in the
 Northern States of this Union. We would
 to God, that on the very next Sabbath, every
 colored church could be abandoned, and their
 members make their way to the white church
 es from which they cams out, and demand
 admission on equal terms with white persons.
 •Such a demonstration would do more to open
 the eyes of the public to the character of our
 wrongs, than any other which we can now
 think of. YVe also believe that, with the’
 light which sixteen years’ aeitation has
 thrown on this subject, the example of Eu
 rope, anti the word of God in their hands, the
 churches would not dare exclude us from the
 house of prayer, or proscribe us when once
 admitted. Come, brethren, let us be men,
 equal men—Christians and equal Christians
 let us show that we know- our rights, and
 mean to assert them. Their assertion will
 do us good, and will do our white fellow
 countrymen no harm, though we should test
 their Christianity. Come, let us try it. YVe
 shall discuss this subject further in our next.
ITT* In reply to the letter of Mr. Walker,
 which will be found in another column, we
 have only to say, that we wrote down the
 sum collected, as it was announced at the
 time by Mr. Green, one of the Financial
 Committee. We regret that our friend should
 feel disturbed on account of our mention of
 his destitute condition. Our readers, bow-j
 ever, will see that the matter is made very.
 little better by the letter of Mi. Walker him
 self. Our friend takes exception to our say
 ing that his discourse was wade up chiefly of i
 statements respecting his own sufferings in
 behalf of the cause. Now, if our readers
 will refer to the letter from West Winfield, I
 they will see that tlicre is scarcely a shadow 1
 of difference between our statement and Mr.
 I Walker's own. The statement on this point,
 to which he objects, reads thus: “Mr
 Walker's discourse was th'vfiy maJt vp of
 his own sufferings in behalf of the cause,
 and exhorting others to follow his example.*' j
 Now, in what do we differ* Why, in this:
 Mr. Walker thinks he said little, and we
 thought he said much about his sufferings in!
 behalf the cause.
 As to the stateim nt respecting the sad
 condition in which the family of our friend
 wees living at Plymouth, we are glad to
 have ;he picture in any measure relieved, as
 it now seems to be, by the letter of our friend
 Walker. If we have in any degree misre
 presented our friend, it was by no means in
 tentional on our part. We have no doubt,
 that the impression made upon our mind, by
 the speech of our friend st West Winfield,
 was the same as that made on the minds of
 nine tenths of the audience.
New State*. —Besides the new States to
 be carved out of Mexico, the Washington
 correspondent of the Charleston Courier states
 that the Committee on Territories will doubt
 less propose four new Territorial Govern
 ments in our present limits—namely, Ne
 braska, west of Missouri; Itska, north of
 Wisconsin; Mineaota, west of the same; and
 and another Territory running ft* the extreme
 Northwestern boundary.
gemmit smith** uhd.
 TltMWviof Isofpenoaiin reported in
 the lMteomherefthe Ham’s Horn, niatarf
 tag fle quit the city of New York, far their
 fanaeia FVnUb and Kseex Counties, the ht*
 ter pert of nejfl May. The oecupatioa of those
 bads, will form an era in the history of the
 free colored men in this State. We should
 like to be among the first to occupy the wilder*
 ness, and strike the first blow toward making
 it blossom like the rose. We were very much
 pleased to hear of a good colored woman, who
 said, “she regretted that Mr. South, had
 confinrd his donations of land to men,** she
 said, that had she been included, she would
 hare readily commenced to dear and occupy
 the land
 Samuel Johnson, No. 60 East Broadway,
 Lewis Johnson, do do
 Harriet Johnson, do do
 Thomas Wilson, No. 164 Barrow Street,
 Moses Wiboo, do do
 Susan Wilson, do do
 Sarah Wilson, do do
 Robert Wilson, No. 108 Barrow Street,
 Sarah Wilson, do do
 George W. B. Wilson, No. 48 Grand St.
 William Bundav, Centre Street,
 Darid Thorringtoo, Mulbery Street,
 Samuel Drummonds, No. 88 Varirk St.
 Samuel B. Drummonds, do do
 Rhoda Drummonds, do do
 Mary Dmmmonds, do do
 James Ronalds, No. 43 Oliver Street,
 Catharine Kunalds, do do
 Alexander Gordon, Williamsburgh,
 Matilda Gordon, do
 W. A. Smith, York Street,
 Isaac Smith, da
 Sarah Smith, do
 Julia Smith, do
 Mary Smith, do
 Richard Nelson,
 Knot* Nelson,
 Thomas Washington,
 Abner Nelson,
 Rebecca Nelson,
 Ezekinl It. Smith, No. 306 Second St.
 John C. Smith, do do
 Mary Smith, do do
 Sarah E. Smith, do do
 Maria M. Smith, do do
 Benjamin Degrader, Sheriff Street,
 Mrs. Dcgruder, do
 Charles Thompson, Thomas Street,
 Alexander Roach, Dominick Street.
WAR WITH MEXICO.
 The rumors of peace with Mexico, all
 seem to end in rumor. To our mind, all
 hopes of peace are based on the most shallow
 apprehension of the character of the ruling
 power in this country. The present unholy
 war is not the accident of a day, but the re
 sult of long years of national transgression.
 Pride and ambition, when once in the full
 possession of a nation's heart, and roused to
 action, cannot easily be expelled, by means
 this side of national ruin. We are a ruined
 people. We have given ourselves up to the
 blind spirit of mad ambition. The war will
 be carried on. The bones of many more
 American citizens must be added to. the
 thousands now bleaching on the plains of Mex
 ico. The slaughter of Mexicans must be
 continued, and the government of that country
 annihilated, before this wicked war can cease.
 Some hopes of peace have been predicated on
 our national lore of money; but glory has no
 time for monetaiy considerations, especially
 while the idea of making Mexico pay for her
 own invasion, can be held out to blind the eyes
 of the American people. While we can
 make the Mexican government pay our sol
 diers for invading her territory, and blowing
 out the brains of her citizens, no rational
 prospect' of a peace with that nation can be
 predicated on our fears of a national debt. It
 is impossible to induce the people of this
 country to feel or to flunk of either the ex
 penso or wickedness of this war, unless they
 are brought to their senses by a direct tax—
 and this is out of the question. The Whigs
 are opposed to direct*taxation, and the Demo
 crats arc in favor of a vigorous prosecution of
 the war, and the people arc intoxicated with
 military glory peace, therefore, for the pres
 ent, cannot take place. Slavery, treachery,
 and mad ambition, are at the head of the gov
 ernment, in the person of James K. Polk;
 and the means of checking them, are
 naught. We can only bear our testimony,
 clear oar own skirts, and await the catas
 trophe of our national crimes. What that
 will be, is known only to the Most High, the
 Sovereign Ruler of the Universe. But what
 ever it may be, our duty will have been
 done; and a righteous God will save those
 who have done their duty and put their trust
 in him.
“THE RAM’S MORN.”
 A recent number of this paper contains an
 article, from the pen of its Editor, on the
 divisions in the Anti-Slavery ranks, with some
 of which we agree, but from most of which
 we dissent. We deem the article unfortunate,
 indiscreet, ungrateful, untruthful, and mis
 chievous. No one can regret more than we
 do, the unhappy divisions among Abolition-;
 i&amp;ts. They are constant grief to us; but
 to class all the various parties aad divisions
 together, under one general condemnation,
 without any regard to the causes which sepa
 rated them, is a most unjust mode of treating
 the subject, and in this opinion we think the
 Editor of the Ram's Horn will agree on fur
 ther reflection. We can see no good reason
 for such an article, and are at a loe3 to divine
 the motive which led to its publication. We
 copy the following extracts as fair specimens
 of the tone of the whole article:
 But alas! the time came when these
 friends of the slave, who had united for such
 a high and noble object, were divided into
 parties, and instead of laboring to overthrow
 slavery and prejudice, they are striving with
 all their might to prop up their parties and
 isms. And now we behold liberty Party,’
 liberty League, old organisation, new or
 ganixation, and we know not how many mom
 titles; and each of these parties must of
 course have their big men, and these men
 J must be supported. Thousands of dollars
 J must be raised every year to support these
 i parties. Mark you, this money is used to
 support these parties, not to benefit the colored
 man.
 The charge that monies are rained to sup
 port these parties, and their big men, and
 not to advance the cause of the colored man,
 to our mind, is a most ungrateful calumny.—
 We are pained to be compelled to apeak thus
 of one we esteem so highly as we have ever
 done the Editor ofJto*‘Rams Horn.”
 i “Why nJFsome colored man re
 reiving a salary of a thousand dollars a year
 i from some of these parties; Whv are not
 colored wn employed as editors of snu-sta
 very papers 1 Why do not abolitionists help
 support the newspapers published hjr colored
 men
V color was tha only qoalifastofon far re
 oarvisg a salary of a thousand dsftara a year,
 to for editing an Astt-Slavery paper, the fore
 gofog questions aught possibly be pertinent
 At present, they only reveal to os an unenvia
 ble state of oand on the part of oar old friend.
 We had in landed to my more oo this subject,
 but hoping that the article is merely an out
 break of fading, resulting from disappoint
 ment, and which will be repented of, when
 success shall smile upon the 44 Ram's Horn,” j
 we leave the matter where it now
 ENGLAND AND MILITARY
 DEFENCE.
 The friends of peace in England have been
 roused to life and activity by the recent letter
 of the Duke of Wellington, calling for in
 creased military defences of that country.—
 ir
 '"J •pmied meetings, opposing ibis new
 effort to increase the burdens of the people,!
 have been held in various places, and from all
 appearances, the measure will meet with de
 cided and successful opposition among the
 people of that country. At a meeting in the
 Tower Hamlets, presided orer by our friend
 and the world's friend, George Thompson,
 M. P., Elihu Burritt made the following state
 ments, which are well calculated to awaken
 manful opposition to the present mischievous
 measure for increasing the military power of
 England, and all other countries whose people
 take time to think
 “Mr. Elihu Burritt regretted to see that the
 measures which they were met to discuss j
 had been agitated in this country, because if
 England began to increase her military cstab
 lishnients, other nations would be likely to
 follow her example. He had calculated that
 the workingman had paid £7,000,000,000 ol
 taxes since the peace of 1815, as it was call
 jed; and since 1801* the people of England
 j had expended more by £450,000,000 than
 the total exports from this mighty world of
 industry. All governments were too ready to
 act upon the old Roman maxim of divide and
 govern; and the great brotherhood of the
 people had been subjugated by setting them
 against each other in blood-stained fields of
 battle. During the last 700 vears, England
 had been at war with France for £O6 of those
 years; and the expenses w hich they occa
 sioned would purchase every acre in the king
 dom at £l4 an acre. Mr. Ilurritt then read
 a fraternal address w hich had been sent by the
 people of Havre to the people of Southamp
 ton, and said that the estimates for the French
 army in 1848 were considerably less than they
 had been in 1847, whfch was a proof that
 France was not preparing for war.”
Black Laws of Ohio. —We are indebted
 to Hon. A. H. Lewis, of Ohio, for valuable
 State documents, relative to the Black I*aws,
 which a Whig legislature have refused to
 repeal. Our friend Jenkins has also for
 warded some additional facts, for these wc
 are indeed grateful, and shall soon favor our
 readers with the substance thereof.
Joshua R. Giddings was the solitary
 no, on the adoption of the resolutions by the
 House of Representatives, voting gold medals
 to Generals Scott and Taylor.
Lake Erie Open, —The Steamer United
 States left Buffalo last week with a full load
 of passengers and freight. There is scarcely
 a probability that the lake will close again
 this winter.
Progrf.ss of Ohio. —Forty-five years ago,
 the entire value of the assessed property of
 all kinds, of tho state of Ohio, did not exceed
 forty-two millions of dollars. Last year it
 was $409,897,379 —a tenfold increase in less
 than half a century.
POPULATION OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK.
 —There arc in the Empire State, 5,800
 taverns, 253,000 farmers, 21,000 merchants,
 13,000 manufacturers, 125,000 mechanics,
 3,500 lawyers, 4,000 doctors, and 4,300
 preachers of the gospel.
Incendiary Fire. —The colored people's
 meeting-house near Eikton, Md., was burned
 down a short time since. It was the w ork of
 an incendiary, as there had been no fire in it
 for a week previous.
Insurance. —An act to enable married wo
 men to effect insmanae on their lives, has
 been passed in the lower branch of the Rhode
 Island Legislature, and referred to the Judi
 ciary Committee in the Senate.
Elihu Burritt has collected his 44 Stray
 Leaves;” and they are published in London
 by Gilpin, in a shilling volume, under the
 title of Sparks from the Anvil.”
Peace and War. —Herodotus makes the
 oracle at Delphos utter this morsel of wisdom,
 which may be a lesson to the present age
 44 Peace is better than war since, in peace
 children bury their fathers, but in war, fathers
 bury their children.”
Astronomical Discovery. —lt is stated
 that the astronomers of Pulkova have ascer
 tained the existence of a third satellite of the
 planet Uranus.— Athenaeum.
Runaway Slaves. Few persons who
 are not acquainted with the operations of tfie
 underground railroads, are aware of the num
 ber of runaway slaves who annually reach
 this city from the South. On remarking to a
 gentleman familiar with these matters, that
 there were a gTeat many persons in Boston
 who had the look of Southern runaway slaves,
 he stated that probably one hundred or more
 of this class of persons arrived m this city
 almost every year. Many of them are pro
 vided for in the city, and others, after a while,
 proeecd toward Canada. —Boston Trat.
 Yes; and many of these runaways who,
 the slaveholder would have us believe, can*
 not take care of themselves, are now found
 to be, (many of them) among the most indus
 trious and enterprising of our Northern citi
 zens. They evidently are more effectively
 stimulated by Mr. Cash than Mr. leash.
TO CORRESPONDENTS.
 W« lave received a valuable letter from ear
 friend James W. Rudolph. It w of the riftu
 lone sa it sdhject of the National Press project. 1
 We hepr his vir we fairly represent the greet am
 of ear colored fcflow-eitiaeno ia A Usury. The 1
 aeansr we prawn oarwlvM worthy of what wa si- j
 ready poaaess ia the way of paper■ devued la ear
 internal, the aaeasr milk ear frieade be diapaacd to
 J. J., flnrags, Illinois.—This friead has oar
 thanks far his camssaaicatiao of Feb. 4. Senas of
 the facts have been anticipated by other eoneepead
 eats; hat we haps to profitby then a*.
 H. W. F.* Lowell, Hus.—Fasar sf Ufa fast,
 received; we *hal have urn extract far the Star.
 8. D. F. aril pnhahly appear arxt week.
 mm. feaersnd. Quite eat waging.
C#XK V9ICATIONS*
Nkw Bedford, Feb. 15, '4B.
 Dear Nell :—Last Sunday afternoon and
 Evening, we had Ante-Slavery meetings, and
 two admirable lectures from Dooglam. I
 have been requested to send you some account
 of them, aad cheerfully comply.
 New Bedford has a widely spread fame is
 an Anti-Slavery town. There are few towns
 upon which more and efficient Anti-Slavery
 labor has been bestowed. It is true the effect
 has been greatly to break up pro-slavery feel
 ing, remove prejudice against the cause, aad
 liberalize the public mind. Very mueh yet
 remains to be done to arouse the hearts and
 actively interest the sympathies of the peoplo
 in earnest efforts to break every yoke. In a
 population of sixteen thousand, there are
 twelve hundred colored people, of whom
 three-quarters are from the Southern house
 of bondage. All these find sympathy and a
 home here and a more orderly, industrious
 and well-to-do class of people cannot be found
 in any community.
 It was here that Douglass, in his flight from
 his oppressors, stopped and found rest. Here
 he found friends, a 44 local habitation and a
 "•roc.” Here he attended the first Anti-
 Slavery Meeting, where were gathered earn
 est women and men, whose hearts beamed
 with sympathy for God's poor, giving them
 lipe a fire of eloquence that aroused the sla
 very-crushed energies of his noble nature, and
 the man was truly bom.
 The announcement of Douglass' name foi
 an address, is enough to secure a large turn
 out. His address on Sunday afternoon was
 delivered to a large audience. He spoke of
 the corruptness of the national character, as
 indicated by the annexation of Texas, for
 the extension, the war with the Mexican Re
 public, for the re-establisment of slavery—the
 love of military glory—the spirit of conquest
 that possesses the American heart. A few
 years since and it was thought impossible to
 get us into a war. But the voice of slavery
 is for war. At the command of slavery, the
 nation precipitates itself into a war with its
 neighbor, a weak and misruled State, and to
 sustain the war, pours out its treasures and
 blood like water, in the face of Heaven,
 shouting 44 our country, right or wrong.”—
 We have done this. Armed with unright
 eousness, wc are warring with the Almighty.
 Shall we succeed No no We may
 seem to succeed but victory will prove de
 feat at last, and be made the instrumentality
 by which this proud nation shall be brought
 low. Our etatcMT.cn may eloquently assert,
 44 it is our destiny the press catch up and
 echo the words from one end of the nation to
 the other; the pulpit almost universally, bv
 its silence, tacitly consent to, or by iin
 prayers attempt to sanctify the unholy thing;
 but it is blasphemy. Wc have entered upon
 our career the end is not vet. The prophetic
 spirit of the age, as it bids us listen to the
 voices of the old nations, points ns to the re
 sult and need have we to tremble for our
 country when we reflect that God s justice
 cannot always sleep.”
 lie spoke of the Colonization scheme of
 the great meeting lately held in Washington
 city, at which Mr. Clay, the great representa
 tive and exponent of colonization, delivered
 an address. Douglass examined sonic of ihe
 arguments of Mr. Clay, in a powerful manner;
 showed their w eakness and injustice, and by
 referring to many acts and words in his life,as
 well as by quoting parts of his address, lifted
 off the covering of cant and pretended philan
 thropy, with which Mr. Clay knows so well
 how to dress up and give an air of sanctity to
 the whole system, exposing it to tha view—a
 morally diseased and hideous creature, God
 less and from beneath. We could have ex
 claimed, 44 away with it from the face of the
 earth I could not help wishing then, that
 Mr. Clay and Douglasscould be permitted,on
 equal terms, to discuss this question, before
 the nation, at W ashington. hat a specta
 cle A negro, and recently a slave, debating
 with the 44 Demosthenes of the nation,” a
 subject one of the most important before the
 country. Believing thrice is he armed that
 hath his quarrel just, and he but naked,
 though locked up in steel, whose conscience
 with injustice is corrupted”—no matter for
 Mr. Clay’s advantages in education, age, ex
 perience and position—l should not fear or
 the result.
 Years ago,” said lie, Mr. Garriscn
 exposed colonization to us. Since then, iis
 whole conduct has but corroborated his judg
 ment. It is our deadly enemy we shall not
 obey its wishes, but shall do that which Mr.
 Clay 4 wishes* us not to do we shall stay Acre.
 in our country, identified with the slave, la
 boring to obtain our rights and his, and we
 shall secure them. Through the last ten
 years are strewn the evidences of the past,
 the tokens of our fotiue success. The hand
 of Providence is with, and guides us; crusls
 us to the earth, and we rise again try to
 starve us, and we grow strong and vigorous
 close up your hearts, legislate against us, an«t
 try to make us hate the land of our birth,
 and we love it tiie more. You may try to
 keep us low, ignorant and in the dark but
 the light is shining all around to it, though,
 slowly, yet sorely will come.
 44 The three millions bound in slavery, they
 are human beings and brothers, with some
 thing left in them of the divine, which cannot
 be crushed out; can ye always oppress them
 thus* No! it is not in the nature of thing*.
 You are intersecting the land with railroads,
 opening telegraph* oomnuiaicauos from point
 to point, subduing the elements Is ds your
 r bidding. A flood of light sad knowledge is
 sweeping over the nation. How is it ps*aibl«
 to keep three millions of slaves in your midst
 from its benefits’ Impossible! 4 The light
 ning that lighteoeth out of ihe one pan under
 heaven, shtoeth to the other part under
 heaven.* Slavery cannot exist where the
 light comes. If the nation repents not ol
 slavery, if it must be Mothered in blood, m
 the name of eternal justice, so let it be.”-
 I hi» is but a gleam of his address m the af
 ternoon.
 In the evening he spoke again to a full
 boose. I attempt only a sketch of it. Speak
 ing of the late meeting in the city of New
 York, held to express sympathy with the
 P«pe of Rome, in his efforts to extend free
 tfoto of speech, of cooseteoce, aad of the
 press to introduce improved modes of public
 conveyance, and promote s more liberal lnter
 ehange of national energies, he said “I*
 was n great farce and a aham, We are
