About I'othei Hatbew.
 FItDHICI DiHOLAM, DEAR SIR W 6 had
 ft glorious meeting yesterday st Worcester.
 The weather wai- perfect, and not less than
 400 personscam* together in Hoapital Grove,
 to commemorate Fmaocipation in the British
 West India Islands, and to keep the Fast
 (none which Zachary Taylor appointed, but)
 which God has chosen We had addresses
 from Charles C. Burleigh, Theodore Parker,
 Adm Ballou, Wendell Philltpa, Wm L
 Garrison, and others, and the tune did not
 suffice to hear all whom we should hare
 rejoiced to hear We had excellent Anti-
 Slavery singing, and notwithstanding the
 crowd, the great warmth of the day. and the
 insufficiency of seats, the audience were
 in the best possible spirits, and seemed to en
 joy in the highest manner the various events
 of the da v lam sorry to tell you that Fath
 er Mathew seems to be about to ignoie ali
 his Antislavery, and to tall into the wake of
 other British clergymen who have visited this
 country You will remember that he signed
 the Irish Address several years since, in
 company with Darnel O'Connell, and 70,(KX)
 others, calling upon Irishmen in America to
 ••und forth the open opponents of .Slavery,
 Ac ,Ac Father Mathew was accordingly
 mvited to attend our Celebration at Worces
 ter, as one who it was naturally supposed
 would be glad to take part in an occasion
 which celebrated the justice and magnanimity
 ol the British people. But lie gave no an
 swer to the invitation and, only in a brief
 conversation with the two gentlemen who
 bore the letter to him, expressed his determi
 nation to have nothing to say upon the sub
 ject of slavery while in this country. These
 tacts were given at Worcester and many
 were there who cried sham e to him on
 will not wonder to hear that Father M. has
 been invited to he the guest, at the White
 House, [of President Zachary Taylor; nor
 that he is about to make a tour through the
 Slave State. I am, in haste,
 I. ECESTER, Aug 4, 1819.
 SAM IFF MAY, Jr.
Slave Case. l rated States irruit Gouri,
 May term, 181‘J. George Kay, of Tumble
 county, Ky., v». laither A. Donnel and Win.
 Hamilton, of Decatur county, Ind. This was
 a suit to recover tlte value ol certain slaves—
 a mother and four children, the latter nearly
 white—who had run away from their master
 in Kentucky, and, as was alleged, had been
 harbored by the defendants. The case was
 argued at great length by Marshall and
 Davidson for plaintid, and O. H. Smith and
 Stevens for defendants. erdict for plaintiff.
 The vtdue of the slaves was estimated at
 1500, and the costs, exclusive of lawyer's
 fees, will be some $OOO the whole not less
 than $2,500. in charging the jury, Judge
 McLaue made what we thought a very pretty
 little Democratic speech, about the glory of
 the country, and ilie necessity of observing
 the compromises of the Constitution, m order
 to increase and perpetuate that glory. The
 concise recapitulation of the testimony by the
 Judge, no doubt bad a good deal to do in
 settling the minds of the jury in regaid to
 it.
 A criminal suit, under the statute laws of
 the State, had been previously decided a
 gainst Donnell, in the Decatur circuit court,
 and a fine of $5O and costs assessed against
 hirn. An appeal from lliis decision has been
 taken to the Supreme Court, on the question
 of the constitutionality of the statute, which
 authorizes a fine to the extent of $5OO and
 damages, against any person who may har
 bor runaway slaves, or employ or assist them
 to escape.
 Another suit rna&gt; still be brought against
 the defendant in this case, in ihe C. S. Court,
 undei the law of Congress, which also im
 poses a fine of $5OO, as our Slate statute
 does.
 We should think, upon the whole, that
 there is plenty of law in this State on the sub
 ject —enough to use up almost any man de
 tected in giving ‘aid and comfort to runaway
 slaves. Indiana Sentinel.
 Canada. —A despatch from Montreal of
 July 31, says—“ The Convention has decided
 on recommending a permanent consolidation
 o! the Province into a Fedeial l uion; and it
 has been determined by the citizens of Kings
 ton to p esent an address to the Convention,
 expressing their ent re concurrence in the
 proceedings of that body.— Host. Courier.
 A Goon Week’s Work.— During the past
 week, Father Mathew has been most busily
 engaged in administering the pledge ut total
 abstinence from all intoxicating drink to the
 Irish residents in tins city and vicinity, in ihe
 several Catholic churches, and lor two days
 in Faneuii Hall. It is estimated that at least
 ten thousand have already taken the pledge.
 Let those prate of the renovating power of the
 ballot box—let those sneer at the impotency
 of moral suasion—who will. AN ith such
 results, we are abundantly satisfied. Libera
 tor.
 Cholera and Bathing.— The New York
 Sun says that it is a tact, recorded by official
 authority, that during the snmmer of 1632,
 when the cholera raged so terribly throughout
 France and also during the present visitation,
 out of nearly 16,218 subscribers to the Public
 Hatha of Paris, Bordeaux and Marseilles, on
 ly two deaths among them were to be ascri
 bed to cholera. When it was considered that
 among these 16,21? of both sexes there must
 have been persons of all ages and of all con
 ditions ibis remarkable fact speaks trumpel
 tongued in favor of bathing. Ju hot seasons
 a public bath is unquestionably a public good,
 but it is pie-eminently so in summeis of ex
 triardinary sickness and mortality.
 Pheji im e Yielding.— The scholars of the
 Colored School m Poston were this year per
 mitted, for the first time, to teke their place
 with the pupils of the other schools in pro
 cession on the Fourth. The Liberator says
 the appearance of ihe colored lad&gt; and misses
 was so extremely neat and creditable as to e
 licit special commendation on the part of the
 spectators. Here is another fruit of the Anti-
 Slavery movement. Hugh.
 Georgia has now 600 miles of railroad,
 snd three railroads are in process of con
 struction, which will cost about f ,000,»*00,
 make 1000 miles of lailroad.
 A Colored Man, who was twenty-one
 years old at the tune of Braddock s defeat,
 and who remembered that event, died on the
 6th of July, m Perkeley county, \a. He
 was 115 years old.
 Death or \l m Donaldson.— -The many
 fnends of Mss Donaldson will regret to
 hear of bet death, wl U eb we find announced
 in the Cincinnati Glut*-, though none who
 saw hei immediately before her departure lor
 England will t* surprised to learn that she
 did not survive long enough to try the effect
 of her native air, from which »he hoped »o
 much benefit This is the fifth death which
 has taken place within five years m one of
 the most united, cheerful, and happy family
 circle* that it was ever our piiviltge i 0 enter,
 and none who h*v« been participant* m its
 onboundvd hospitality can «rer forget the
 kind-hearted hostess, who united m fi er
 character the greatest auuabihiy, the utmosi
 simplicity and Singleness of purpose, wuh
 strength of will and clearness of sight, winch
 made her always a firm and earnest advocate
 of every good cause that proposed to enlight
 en and benefit her fellow-creatures —A s
 Standard,
Koreiga Jfewf of the Week.
 The Camhtia brings date* from London of
 the 20th ult. Parliament «u to be proro-1
 gued on the 9th mat The motion of Lord
 Brongham, implying a censure of the foreign
 policy of government with reference to the
 French expedition. w*i laid on the table of
 the Peer? Cholera is greatly on the increase, j
 In a debate which look in the House of 1
 Common* Lord Ashley, Chairman of the
 Boaud of Health, stated, that he had reason to
 know that not one half of the cases were report-j
 ed During the !a?t week 339 deaths by Cholera
 were reported in I&lt;ondon, which is more than 1
 double the number of the preceding week. 1 1
 At Bristol, Plymouth, Portsmouth, and
 along the whole of the south coast, it is,
 raging in a very malignant form, and the
 mortality is very great. At Liverpool 1
 ihe dwase is rapidly increasing the num- 1
 her reported for 4 days previous to Thurs-,
 day were respectively ft 4, 74,86, 102.
 Scotland continues to be generally exempt
 from the scourge.
 In Ireland, on the 13th of July, the anni
 versary of the battle of the Boyne, a very
 serious collision took place, near Castle W il-! 1
 liam, in the County of Down, between a
 parly of armed Orangemen and Catholics. 40
 or 60 persons are said to have been killed oi
 wounded; much tlm greater proportion being
 of the Roman Catholic party. Thirty-eight
 Ribbonmen had been taken prisoners. Ihe
 Cork Examiner, speaking of the potato crop, 1
 says, that the blight has appeared in a few
 fields, but there ran be no doubt that as j
 vet the general crop is saved, and in almost;
 ill places unusually abundant and thriving, liij
 anticipation of the Queen’? visit to that portion
 of her dominions, offers of several private resi
 dence* have bran made for Her Majesty s ac
 commodation during her sojourn at Cork.j
 w Inch as it is not her intention to step out ot the
 Royal Yacht, have been graciously declined, j
 In France the Committee of the Legislative
 Assembly to which the question of prorogation
 was referred, have recommended that the as
 sembly should be prorogued from the 16th
 of August to the 16th of Octobei. The
 Socialists, notwithstanding previous reverses,
 are as active as ever, and are said to be muk
 ing many proselytes among the peasantry.
 Prince Canino, a son of Lucien Bunaparte,'
 cousin of Louis Napoleon, and ex-President j
 •f the Roman Constituent Assembly, had
 been aricsted at Orleans, and was on his way j
 to Pans. Having lent money to his cousin.;
 to aid him in his election, he (Prince Canino)
 had come to Fiance to demand it, being in
 censed at his cousin’s conduct towards Home.;
 It is thought that he will have to take refuge,
 either in England or America. The report
 •f M. Sevel on the law of the Press, has l
 been distributed, and is in lavor ol the mux
 xling measures of Government. Despotisms
 esnnot bear the light. The election to fill
 36 vacancies has turned out more favorably
 for the Government than was anticipated.
 With the exception tit one, they will all sup
 port the Government. Immense numbers of
 the electois refrained from voting. The sub
 jects of a Consulate for life, an Empire,
 Henry, and the Count of Paris, are widely j
 discussed. A change of Ministry is speedily
 expected. Thiers, it is thought, will be
 Minister of the Interior. Gen. Lamoriciere
 has been appointed Envoy and Minister
 Plenipotentiary to Russia, and is supposed,
 to have left Paris for the head quarters of the
 Emperor.
 The Pope has addressed an autograph letter
 to Gen. Oudinot, on his receiving the keys,
 of the City of Rome. He congratulates the
 General on the triumph of order, and hopes j
 that Divine Providence will remove the re- j
 inaining difficulties; and adds, that lie does!
 not cease to direct his prtyers to Heaven for
 the General, the Army, and the French
 nation. What a disinterested patriot, and
 lover of peace and liberty Preparations are
 being made at Rome, which seem to indicate
 that His Holiness will soon return to the,
 Quirinal. The French are vainly endeavou
 ing, by bribery and otherwise to gel up a cry j
 in his favor. Pio Nono’a sun has gone
 down in Rome. Garibaldi has succeeded in,
 making good fits escape, and some accounts
 say, is now on the mountains of Ahruzzi an
 other account stales, that he is on the Nea-,
 politan frontier, where he has been joined by
 a body of fugitive troops, and has now under
 his command an army of 20,000 men. 1 hi&gt; j
 is must likely fabulous.
 The besieging operations against
 have been discontinued, in consequenceof the,
 prevalence of sickness in the Austrian camp.
 The American ('barge d'Affairs has been
 compelled to take down his arms, in conse-|
 quence of his house having been forcibly en
 tered in pursuit of two deserters.
 Hungary still continues to bear up against 1
 tremendous odds. Advices lrom ienna
 state that Buda-Pesth surrendered to the;
 Austro-Russian troops on the 11th ult. with-,
 out resistance. At Comoro, on the same day
 a sharp conflict took place between the com
 bined armies and the Magyars. The latter
 fought with their accustomed hardihood and
 impetuosity, but the Austrians claim the vic
 tory. Another account says, that the
 Austro-Russisn army suffered a complete de
 feat, that it was compelled to fall back upon
 Kaab, and that but for the arrival of the Rus
 sians, to cover his retreat, Ilayiiau and his
 stall would have fallen into the hands of the
 I enemy. Which of these two very different
 accounts is most to be relied on, it is impossi
 (ble to decide. Bern has collected all In?
 troops near Sxegedin, to make head agairibi
 the Russians. The Emperor of Russia left
 Warsaw suddenly on the 10th ult., lot St
 Petersburg.
 The ncgucutions for the conclusion of Peace
 between Austria and Piedmont are suspended.
 A suspension of hostilities, for six months,
 between Prussia and t Denmark, has been
 agreed to. At the close of this j&gt;criod, the
 armistice, if not renewed, is to be con
 tinued six months longer. I’he captured
 vessels, with their cargoes, are to be restored
 on both sides, of course the murdered men and
 the destroyed property, will not be restored
 An excellent illustration this of the useless
 ness and uncertainty of the decisions of physi
 cal force. The Duchy of Schleswig, urn lire
 mean time to be governed by a commission,
 of which one member is to be nominated by
 the King of Denmark, one by the King ol
 Prussia, and the Queen of England is to
 I nominate a third, w'ho will decide in all caaes
 when the other J two cannot agree. The
 north of Germany ta quiet; the insurgents
 •uli hold out in fit# fortress of Radsudt.
The li»e* of ihe captive Republican* are to
 be spued, and it s* *aid that order* hare been
 given to tranaport them to the toned State*. I
 Two or three month* stnee, the friend* of,
 freedom in this country, and m the Old
 World, were rejoicing in the pleasing pros
 pect which *eemed to be opening up before
 there, of the speedy establishment of free
 and popular in nearly all the
 European state*. The revolutionary tide set
 in, it was then hoped, with a power which
 no harrier of despotism coaid long success
 fully reairt. Now, what a gloomy reverie
 does the picture present Austria, Germa
 uy. cad Prussia, are again under the heels of
 then kings and emperors. The Italian states,
 by the aid of the French shun Republic,
 have Wen forced ta submit. Popish rule will
 agent he established in Rome, amid the ex
 ceretions of a noble and insulted people.
 Hangary cannot long boar up against the com
 bined forces of her Anstiian and Russian
 invaders. Franca, undor the name of a re
 public. has all the worst features of a dicta
 torship, rendered doubly odious by the force of
 Jesuitical craft and influence. The crushed
 of the Old World have made a noble, but
 unsuccessful attempt to obtain their rights.
 While we deprecate the means employed,
 w e de rejoice in the spirit which prompted
 the attempt. But the tragedy does not
 cannot end here. "Freedom’s battle once be
 gun,” must continue, it may be, through
 many discouragements, till the day of final
 victory. The old dynasties may he restored
 the shattered thrones rebuilt; but their glory
 is departed—their power is shaken—the rot
 tenness of their foundations has been exposed
 to the gaze of all the people, and with the
 disappearance of the mv»tery in which old
 institutions have been counningly shrouded, has
 departed also the respect of ihe masses for
 their time-worn and long venerated idols.
 The day of despotism and absolution is for
 ever past in all enlightened and civilized
 countries. The old but elill vigorous arm of
 kingcraft, may for a time roll back the
 tide of popular indignation, benealh which it
 was well nigh overwhelmed but that tide will
 again and again return, gathering strength
 with each succeeding wave, and in the end
 gradually, though surely engulfing all bar
 riers. Much blood may be spilled in the
 struggle, but who can find it in hie heart to
 blame the oppressed nations for their share
 in the slaughter It is probable that the use
 of such means may, in most instances retard
 their own cause but while we love right and
 hate wrong—desire freedom for the world,
 and abhor the world’s tyrants, we shall still
 be compelled to give to the upward-looking
 victims of oppression the word of cheer in
 conflict —the word of sympathy in defeat.—
 3. D.
Tut London Election. —The decision of
 London upon the Jew question, we presume,
 is conclusive. It does not leave room tor th#
 least particle of doubt as to what tiie intelli
 gent classes think of religious disabilities.
 The judgment of Tuesday last was given
 upon a single issue, and no electioneering
 ingenuity could impair its force by the ad
 mixture of extraneous matter. The citizens
 could not be persuaded that it was a question
 of Free-trade. The spectre of departed
 Protection was invoked in vain. Neither
 could they believe that it was a question of
 the authority of the House of Lords. Mr.
 Rothschild's majority were not disposed, any
 inoie than Mr. Kolhchild himself, to disturb
 the privileges of the Peers, if the Peers will
 only show common sense, and avoid an at
 tempt to convert what is meant to be a con
 stitutional check into an unconstitutional
 tyranny. Least of all was it felt that the
 existence, or the influence, of Christianity
 was involved in ihe late contest, except in bo
 far as the circumstances of the case made it
 peculiarly the duty of Christian men to testi
 fy against a manifest injustice. The single
 question teally raised was, whether the
 character of a man’s religious belief should
 iu any way affect his enjoyment of civil priv
 ileges and the act by which the first con
 stituency in the empire declared itself in fav
 our of unqualified religious liberty, was an
 appropriate conclusion to that splendid series
 of efforts, by which the edifice of British
 freedom has been built up. We look upon
 the controversy as now virtually at an end,
 because no one can doubt that the power
 which really governs in this county is the
 power of public opinion. A continued and
 successful resistance to demands which that
 opinion really sanctions, would imply a great
 ei revolution in our social and political
 habiis, than any that has been dreamed of
 even by ihe "Red Republic.”— Land. In
 quirer.
The Electric Telegraph Company
 have established a system of no ordinary
 complication and extent. Their wires stretch
 from Glasgow on the north to Dochester on
 the south, from the east coast at Yarmouth to
 the West at Liverpool. They have brought
 upwards of 150 tow ns into instant communi
 cation with each other. They have a central
 office in Lolhbury, London, and five branch
 receiving-houses in various parts of the me
 tropolis; and from the main station at Lolh
 bury their wires (carried at a great cost in
 ron pipes under the streets) diverged
 to every town of iuportance in the coun
 try.
 In the Metropolis alone they have upwards
 60 persons fn their employ, "and at each of
 of iheir country stations they have, indepen
 dently of messengers, not less than two, and
 in many cases as many as ten signal clerks,
 all of them skilled in manipulating and inter
 preting the telegraph.
 The wires wriich they have set up for the
 use of the public alone are upward s of 6,800
 miles in length, and elxtend over a distance
 of 2,060 miles, and. exclusive of these run
 ning under ground and through tunnels or
 rivers, are sttecihed on no less than 61,800
 posts, varying from 16 fact to 30 feet in
 height, and of an average square of eight
 inches, with an expensive apparatus of insu
 lators and winders attached to each.— Kt.
 Paper.
Prh.e ui Killing a Nigclf..—ln Virginia,
 a white man “carelessly, negligently and un
 law fully” shot a negro slave and killed hiui,
 for which he was held to bail in the enor
 mous sunt of $2OO.
 Piionoorfhy.—'Hus art is gaming equal
 favor with the press and among educationists.
 After being well tested in the Free Academy
 it has been adopted by the committees of
 several of the Ward Schools, and is about
 to be voted in by others. —W e are glad to
 learn that in order to equalize the pupils from
 all the schools iu their knowledge of th« art,
 when they enter the Academy, the Board
 of Education will probably add rt to the list
 of studies in which the candidates for a mis
 sion will hereafter be examined V Y. Sun.
 Keep in the Fount** —Governor Briggs
 and Mr. Calhoun, secretary of si ate of Mas
 sachusetts, give us as their opinion, after
 much diligent enquiry, that ninety out of one
 hundred of the young men who emigrate from
 the city, fail *u«***» and a large portion ol
 them ignooumously.
 C M Clay.—We learn from the Rich
 mond Chronicle, that C. M. Clay, at the
 last advices, was doing quite well, though for
 some days previous, his symptoms had bees
 quite alarming ucfa create the
 most pamfol apprehension*,
Rt* k W k\ S rr.not*.—— The citiaens of
 Walker fountv held a meetng at Huntsville
 oit the sth ult., to take steps to prevent the
 we*pe of negroes A pveuoUe heading the
 resolution*, state* that a suifther of slaves
 bare recently left tbeir owners m t hat neigh
 borhood. without any oatensib 1 cause ]t is
 'ted that they bad been wduced to mn
 away by some white person.
 The Day of Emancipation fit the slaves of
 Kentucky seems to be close at lund. Even
 the moat influential of the slate-holders are
 becoming convinced that slaver) t* a curse to
 the growth and prosperity of tie ;.tate, and
 they are willing and leady to unite upon some
 plan for doing away the curse, ientucky hs*
 the soil, material and intelligence, for ranking
 second to no state in the Union and she has
 only been held back bv the forceofan institu
 tion which everywhere exerts the same blight
 ing influence upon free enterprise and free la
 bor.—.V. Y. Sun.
 California. —We have before us a private
 letter, written by a gentleman «f property,
 now returned from California, wlach country
 he had visited in the United State* ship Ohio,
 simply for the purpose of seeing a. The
 facts which he states are therefor, wit.too t
 either the bias of interest or disappointment, j
 He states that Mr. Ithamar Whiting, former
 ly oflDedham, Mass, and other* from Chic
 opee rails, are m California. The Rannevs j
 he left at the Stanislaus "dry diggings," with
 a party of 16, sick of their *pec*lauon, and
 regretting th3t they had given up their com
 fortable situations. The situations they had
 left were at a factory in Tepic, Mexico.
 Whiting's income from his factor?.at the same
 place, last year, was $22,000, and yet lie left
 all to dig gold. The writer left him at
 Francisco ill, where he probably died.—He
 says that California is the worst "hole of a
 place” he ever was in. and that thousands ,ol
 disappointed people were arriving everv day.
 Tne w riter states that he w t -nt up to the mines
 in company with a gentleman who had ex
 pended considerable monev in bringing along
 fifteen Indians to assist him, but they did not
 j succeed in getting more than an ounce apiece
 per day, and that the man was disgusted with
 the mines, as every decent porson is who
 goes there. These statements in regard to
 California, are, without doubt, too true. The
 sacrifice of home and friends, for gold does
 not pay, and particularly is this the case.with
 those who leave good and lucrative situations
 —Springfield Republican
 Capital Punishment.— The New Hamp
 shire Legislature has so changed the law in
 flicting the punishment of death, that the pris
 oner convicted of a capital offence, shall not be
 I executed until a year after he isconvieted;and
 then his punishment may be commuted by the
 Governor and Council.
Excitement. An extract of a letter dated
 Charleston, July 10, says—
 Y\ e all here have been and still are under
 much excitement, the cause of which you
 must have seen m our papers. Saturday
 night about 1200 of the citizens repaired to a
 church, lately erected for the worship of
 blacks, with the intention of pulling it down.
 The Mayor and others, however succeeded
 in getting them, at any rate, to postpone,
 the pulling down, and a meeting is to be
 held to-day at 12 o'clock, to discuss the ex
 pendiency of doing so. The military were
 out in fotce, but if they bad been ordered to|
 protect the church, they would have refused
 Slight Difference. —Considerable amuee
 ment is caused bv an atiecdole which is going
 the rounds.and of which President Buonaparte
 is the hero. He went to review the troop* at
 Troyes. When the car containing the Pres
 ident and suite stopped,an old man, a laborer,
 came up, and in a vuice which made the very j
 echoes tremble,cried "Hurrah for Napoleon!"
 A smiic of thanks already played round the
 lips of the Executive power, when the old
 man resumed as if io complete his thought
 "Hurrah for Napoleon—w 7 ho isdead!”Th ere
 upon, the bell rang, and the train continued its
 roiitu.
 A* An tv Parson.—A Scotch clergyman
 by the name of Matty Morrison, was a man
 of great laughter and humor. On one occa
 sion a young officer scoffed at the idea that it
 required so much time and study to write a
 sermon, as ministers pretended, and offered a
 bet that he would preach half an hour on any
 passage in the New Testament, without any
 pr eparation. Mr. Morrison took the bet and
 gave him for a text; “And the ass open:d
 his mouth and spake.”
 The parson won the wager the officer be
 ing rather to| employ his eloquence
 upon the text.
 On another occasion, Morrison entreated an
 officer to pardon a poor soldier for some offence
 he had committed, the officer agreed to do so
 1 he would in return,grant the favor he would,
 1 ask. Mr. Morrison agreed to this. In a day
 or two the other demanded that the ceremony
 of baptism should be performed on a young
 puppy. The clergyman assented; and a par
 ty of many gentlemen assembled to witness
 the novel baptism. Mr. Morrison desired the
 officer to hold up the dog a 6 customary in the
 baptism of children, and said, “As I am min
 ister of the church of Scotland, I must pro
 ceed according to the ceremonies of the
 Church.”
 Certainly said the major, ‘I expect all the
 ceremony.’
 "W elljihen, major, I begin with the usual
 question. l)o you acknowledge yourself to
 be the father of this puppy?”
 A roar of laughter burst from the crowd,
 and the major threw the candidate lor baptism
 away, asserting that a parson was too rnech
 for a so dier.
 President Taylor coming North.— Thei
 President will leave Washington on his tour
 to the Not th, about the middle of August.
 He will proceed from Baltimore to York, and
 thence visit Lancaster. Harrisburg,Chambers
 burg, and the Bedford Springs, Harrisburg
 and Pittsburgh. He will then pass through
 Ohio to Cleveland, where he will embark for
 Buffalo, and will beat the New York .Sute i
 Agricultural Fair at Syracuse on the 10th.
 1 1’ mm Albany he will proceed east to Boston,
 and after visiting the capitals ot New liamp-
 shire and Maine, w ill return south via Prov
 idence, New-Yoik and this city, his purp*.-e
 being to reach Washington about the close of
 September. —Philadelphia Sews.
 The Governor of Massachusetta has ap
 pointed Monday, the lOih of September next,
 for a fifth trial, to elect a member of Con
 gress in District No. 4.
 No TiDiruso Sir John Franklin —let
 ters were teceived yesterday from ihe Hud
 son’s Bay territory, by way of the Sault St.
 Marie, with intelligence from Fort Simpaonof
 the date of 4th of October last.
 The writer of a letter from that post says,
 “eighteen men of*tbe expedition arrived here
 yesterday from Fort Confidence sent to be
 kept during winter. They went round from
 the mouth of the McKenzie to Uie Copper
 mine, but no vestige or word of Sir John
 Franklin, or any one wise, except Esquimaux,
 whom thev saw in Urge numbers. A very
 I large part? of ihese daring rascals met the
 elpedltKHi at the mouth of the McKenzie, and
 as on a former occasion wanted to make a
 unze of the boat* aod all that was in them.
 Bui nothing serious happened. Shr John
 Richardson is to proceed to Canada as soon as
 She McKenzie breaks up util spring. Kae
 is going w ith om boat again to ihe coast.—
 j Montreal Gas. ult.
 fry \Vhv do you bositate any longer to
 j fel supply of Sloan’s Ointment, and also
 ms Tannin P** l *beo you sic constantly
 surrounded with multiplied evidence* of then
 unsurpassed eftcacy—the one to curing sores
 Are m borsas, and the other m re
 lLm.l 'wi pm"’'*"* k he
 b.rJL, iC TrT-V-Jwncl-. •*W

 Sto«o'» eolwM F&lt;» fankr ptnimlw. V*
 Mwail, P* P
Commercial.
 IW nr«rim 9,
 F-if the «tfl pant t«i*&gt;ne*« f&gt;f terry drart iptiw*
 ba« teen uausually dull aod languid. &lt;wtvt*g in pan
 to exaggerated acrutwt* of the ex r» tenet an I faialrf*
 of the cholera hi the c ity and in part to it* be in*
 t«j l«sy liar with tarmrt*. TW city he*»
 retnarhabH healthy this wuw: ami a* jet we hope
 we mav r'ltrttatie to he then high!* favored. There
 is not oo« nor b*« there been tit btl ri*k »*pen
 pie coming t*» the ritv (or purpnee? of ir»*lt.
Rochester Hkoletale l*nrw finwl*
 FLOUR axo MEAL—Doty 20 p e ad val
 Floor. hbl 4 .54fi&gt; 00
 Corn meal, tt burh 45 4f sft
 PROVISIONS. —iHitv ;Beef.Pock.Hams. Bacon,
 Butter ami Lard, 2()f c; lVr*» 30 cad val
 pork. (mrM) Oil 00 12 00
 Do. ia ho-* I 5 50
 Beef, cwt. 4 00 5 00
 Do. bM. (tops*) 700&amp; S
 Lard (tried) (P lb 4 8
 IK&gt;. (leal',)
 Hams, (smoked) 4? 7
 Shoulder®, do. 5® 5|
 Butter 9 11
 Cliec IM fi 07
 Turkey \f !h
 Chickens
 Potatoes, bu«h. sft 4f 75
 GRAIN' —Duty; 20 f ra,| val
 Wheat, bush 112
 Corn 4P..50
 Rye 53
 Oats 31
 Barb v 50
 HIDES —Duty; 5 c T:l
 Slaughter .3*
 Calf 10
 t*tieep Pelts 40 0 75
 SEEDS —Duty Linseed lft c; Mustard 2t)
 c ad T.tl
 Chirer 373 &lt;tt 5 ftt)
 Timothy 1304 f 2 25
 Flax 1 00
 FlSH—Duty nn foreign caught; 20 |p c atl ral
 Whitefi-'h lil»l 7 oft
 Codfish cut 3 50
 SC N DRIES-
 Salt, IW 125
 Apples, (p bus 37
 Do. dried Imsh 62 j
 Eggs, Ip dox 10
 Beans, \f Imsh 75
 Hay, (f ton 700 &amp;9 00
 Hard wood 3 50
 Soft Wood 3
b v c r t i s c m c it 10.
 JOB PRINTING.
 THE NORTH STAR OFFICE, is furnished
 with nun Job Type, for the execution of every
 description of Printing with neatness and despatch,
 at the lowest prices for cash, viz:
 Hand-bills, Rlanks, Bill-heads,
 Programmes, Circulars, Bills of Lading,
 Pamphlets, Cards, Labels, &amp;c.
New Watch and Jewelry Store.
 JOHN KEDZIE having changed his partnership
 relations, has removed his Shop two doors
 North to No. 11, State Street, where lie is prepared
 successfully to compete in the sale of an entire new
 Stock of Goods, consisting ot Gold and Silver
 English, Anchor, Horizontal and Veiticul Watches,
 Gold Guard and Fob Chains, Gold Seals and Keys,
 Gold and Silver Pencils, Sjiectacles and Thimbles,
 Gold Ear-Rings, Bracelets, and Finger-Ring'—a
 good assortment, cheap; a variety of Ladies'and
 Gentlemen’s Breast-Pins, new style; double and
 single Hunting gold and plated Lockets, Gold Pens,
 ‘best quality, Silver and Shell Combs and Cases,
 I Fine Cutlery &amp;c.
 The aliove and a variety of other desirable Goods
 usually kept in our business, are offered on more ad
 vantageous terms than usual; ami it is particularly
 desired that the goods should be examined, and
 prices ascertained, before purchasing elsewhere in
 1 this market.
 I We nrnnufactuie and keep on hand a good assort
 -1 merit of Silver Spoons, warranted as pure as Ame
 rican com.
 Will also keep an assortment of Aceordeons and I
 other Musical Instrument', which will be sold very j
 low. -rit
 W r e intend to keep a good assortment of the liest
 Brass Eight-day, 3ft hour, and alarum Clocks, as can
 be found in this city.—Call and see them.
 WATCH REPAIRINIA, I'aiUifutly done and war
 ranted by an experienced w orkman.
 Farther particulars at No. 11 State Street.
 J. KEDZIE Co.
 p. S. —To the Farmers in particular we would
 give notice, that we have a variety of Barometers
 which will give that know ledge of the changes of the
 weather, so as to lie aide to adopt his business to its
 J variations. Pie «se call and examine them, as ever”
 man ought to ha e one.
 Sep. 15, 1848. om.
DR. A. CLARK,
 DENTAL SURGEON.
 I would respectfully inform tlie citizens of Rochester
 and surrounding country, that I have removed my
 office from No. 89 Smith's Arcade to my dwelling
 house No. 92 Monroe Street.
 Thankful lor past favors in the line of my profes
 sion, and flattering invselt that I can give jierirct
 i satisfaction to all who’ may favor me with tlieir pa
 tronage. I would invite all those who are de
 sirous rtfhaving operations performed on tlie teeth or
 of ha ving teeth inserted to call on me and satisty
 themselves. A
 A. CLARK.
 B. All operations performed by me on the
 teeth and Plate Work warranted,
 i Rocliester, Oct. 13, 1848.
 i
 AUBURN and ROCHESTER
 rail-road:
 Clll WGEI.N TIME. —The trains w ill commence
 to leave Rochester to-day at the following time
 1 Eastward —at la. *.,9j a. M., IP. M. 7|p.M.
 Westward—at 4i a. w„ 9 a.m., 2j P. M. 7 p.m.
 Rochc-*tcr, Mav 1, 1849.
 VTARRATIVE &lt;)K THE LIFE OF FREDF.R
 IN ICK DOUGLASS, written by himself, to be
 had at this office, price 3ft cents; new Edit. 374 c
Hair-I otlioff and Dressing at
 RALPH FRANCIS’S Saloon, under the Eagle
 Buffalo-street u 14 3»n
The Old i iirosiiy Shop,
 ’At So 48 Kzrhange Street Rorh/ster.
 LLOYD SCOTT, grateful for the patronage
 awarded him, would respectfully inform hi*
 triend* and the public generally, that he lias re.entlv
 enlarged hi* e»tahli*hment and augmented hi* tt&gt;Hk
 iof Men’s, Women’s, and Cldldren’*. New and
 Second hand apparel. In id.ilUOn to tin* ilepart
 meat he will buy and sell House ami Store Furui-
 J tore Books, Jewelry Fancy articles, Mecbamc-tl
 and agricultural impkttimnts, and incited all diose
 various odds and end.” of which may mu lie
 rea ldy obtaioeil at other placres. It I* hi* intention
 to, keep TilC Old C-uroxify well tirnishcd
 witli an ”n*lk=c variety vf articles for which tee will
 pa\ liberally and dt-poVe of at satisfactory price*.
 Clothiug repaired and renovated with -neatness
 ami despauh.
 Dont t&lt;«tget The Okl Comity Shop.
 Rochester March 18 49.
JAMES W. MONDORMING Still conlimm to
 keep tlie Gr&lt;&lt;eery oo Second Street, corner of
 Elm. North side Has eonataatly on baud every
 vacieiy ot Groceries.
 Cincinnati, Ohm. July 13, 18(9- 3ce
NEH FORK IDVERTISE.VIE.VrS.
 I olored Sailors' Hoar.
 350, Ptarl Street, .Vrtr York.
 FRIENDS iA It- .Live, ami .tringer* u* a
 to New York, can tsiw I* a»xvunn*Lte.l with
 a# good Board, arvi at aa low a price a* in any oilier
 bouse ia the city. The hotue i* Lrge awl coa
 vemevit; iff hi-Id cuudorubly la-veuty jefeiu.
 Families can have private room*, ami every attea
 tjeso paid to tlieir rcjofni. WM P- POWELL.
 M* 11, 1^49
DR. J. M’CLNE SMITH, 93, w«t Broad
 way.
MRS PETTIT would revpectfully laforoi her
 Frieudi and the PahHc. that *he ha* removed
 from Is»i to a eoamdiow houw Na. 162. Church
 Street, .ho ihe will eoailiaue tu euterUw rvspect
 jkk rumred prriwfti with B-«rd ami Lodfcftf-
 New Vurt, May 11, I*o9.
El LI. IS A. POTTEK*» Read* CWtba*
 A Store, SI Cunt Street, hrtweea CWrk Street
 ujU m Broadtrat, Xt« York AWj—A &lt;i*a
 erai At*otunraJ oftJcnUrwo’i Funuataag Artkk*,
 co mUM(H on bud.
 n»r ib, i**.
BOSTON IDf E R TI9EM EXTS.
HOME TOR REFORMER* 4
 TIIF, csliwiiter hr* rv -.vevrd to titt wvt, n T e-
 X #rw. and rvotrv’ 1 e.rrmee. No 2» otrr
 Coart. where he w/J U uz*&gt; tsappy to weir*»®r ss»t
 of tiie Friend* ef K-fosr. s' mmmvaMf charge-*.—
 Ilr *i4ih hot Ihww rtlltnl place in Bus
 ton. wtwre tb» freest t I'tapetncf, rr«v. Unity
 Freedom, tine Pri*&gt;'j«r'. 4*v-, may meet 1 n-i.
 e»e*y r&gt;w«(;*rt-**4e 1 qerPt tnmr
 A cnicl Coot i g;S* V. »*N i
 JOHN M M IOK.
 B-t-* «t, f’i’, 21. t**
ROBERT M&lt; *RRI&gt; Jx AttiW* and Conn
 •-‘lter at Law T*. Kf Mate Sut«t
 Bvetsn-
JOHN D. RIA ALEC*' Cm
 ami Perfoßve-, ..,114, Black s'ttjw-®
THOMAS V SMITH. Nc Frattk Street
 sign O tb»- Syl Ne» #»d Sceeod
 hatvl Clothing Sto»
PHILADELPNiI IDVgRTISEWTS.
 Cimfral liifUiftvrf Officp.
 Geo. W. (501NES having .yvmd an EM.dd.Mt
 nicnt at tlw Phii »t&gt;xt rMt« I*«tlTrtf
 Lomfvard Street. a!»&gt;v&gt;-Sev-mh. ha the p.trponr o» j
 procuring le.rv 't ami fenilit.ii- ilmerMics t«&gt;r tb.**e
 who may require them, and obtainnu places Or
 such as are i|tnlifietl ami at want th* red. leg- leave
 to refer to the following named g-utV-nwn, wh*» haw
 kindly permitted tlie .tee their names is
 Rtt m&gt;o c
 Anarew M Makin Edit.w of th»- American &lt;’o*.rier
 Rolvrt Morris, Editor of tl*e liapurer
 Jasper Harding. Pobiiehrr of tlie liaimrer
 Charles J. Peterson- F-dlt-w ot Neal’s Gaaette
 Thos. H. Florence. Kdit.HT o« Times and Keystone
 Kolieti Howell, 88, Cb. 'ntrt Street
 Hilliam J. Midkn. 27&gt;. Catherine Street.
 Philadelphia, Sept. I, 184 S. Iy—36-
DR. D. J. PECK. Physician and Surgeon. Phi-(
 la.lelphia Institute,’ lavndiard Street, alwve j
 Seventh.
CHARLES JONES, N Star No. 26,
 North Street, betweeti Fifth and Sixth, and j
 Market and Arch streets, Ph.Udeiplua.
 Strangers visiting tlie city "ill tind tlie North
 Star House the most central, convenient and com t
 forcible House in Philadelphia.
 Philadelphia, Dec. 1, 1848. «&gt;4t»
Frre Goods.
 MANEFACn RED by the American Free Pro
 duce Association, and for wile at No. 31, North
 Fifth-street, Philadelphia:
 Manchester Giiighajns; Ghtu ks, Apron ami r ttr
 niture; Canton Flannel, unbleached; Muslin,
 hleaclied and uubleacherl, of various qualities and
 width thin Muslin for linings, lirown ami colored;
 Bird Eye Towels; black and white Wadding;
 Cotton I.ap*; Lamp Wick; Bed Ticking, an er.-
 cellent article; Calico, Stockings, Knitting Gotton,
 &amp;c. &amp;c.
 Orders for Gootls, or letters desirins information,
 mav lie addressed to J- Miller Mi Kim, 31, North
 Fifth-street; Daniel L. Miller, leuth-street, ot to
 Janies Mott, No. 35, Church Alley.
 A large and handsome assortment of I nuts now
 on hand. jul —if
Anti-Slavery Oflice,
 So. 31, North Fifth Street, Philadelphia.
 A FELL assortment of anti-slavery publication
 is kept constantly on hand. Also a handsom
 variety of miscellaneous publications, and i sefu
 and Fancy Stationery.
 All letters relating to the business of tlie office
 to lie directed to J. Miller McKim, 31, Noitli
 Fifth-street, Philadelphia. j"l t(
Wm BPAg If 9M 2 b aPH
 UNPATtAI.IiEO IN THE HISTORY OF
 MEDICINE
 /VS IHt lIOSI
 Remarkable External Application
 Ecer
 IH.ME and ex|K-rit ncf l/.ive fullv prove 1 that tins
 UXIVKUSAL RUMEDY \x±* uot Us equal
 on the list of |&gt;o|&gt;ular iiiedicines, having Leni U-lbre
 the public for more than tojiteen years. Testimo
 ny of the most distiiteres'eJ cluiratlet ol its wmi
 dertul effects on ihe animal economy is almost daily
 presented to the proprietor. It is worthy of spe
 cial remark, that liovide t great and extraordinary
 powers in the cure ot
 DISEASES OF THE HORST,
 in which its virtues f:rs' attracted the aUention ot
 the Farrier and Fanrer, a 1 the wonder of the
 publie generally, it has »veeu successful!v employed
 pi a great variety of the malid'.es which
 AFFLICT THE HWAN PACE.
 Ignorance of facts and phdosophv. =fan a* tin
 assertion that any one tetuedv can wtthm
 itself the virtue of curing many di.eaves. Evpen
 enee of more than fourteen year his neveithele--
 estaMished tlve fact, that Merclnnt’s f eiebiatcd
 Gargling Oil, or I 'iiiversa! I auiilv Embroeati&lt;&gt;ii,
 will cure most eases and relieve -ich as the follow
 ing, among many other- in the eure ot which ihi&gt;
 Oil has lieen completely successful and in which oth
 er pretended remedies have completely 'ailed:
 RHEUMATISM, PAIXFI L VFA* I'Or.V In
 fections, Bites ol Animals, Frost Bites, (.’oms,
 Boils, Whitlows, Asthma, Bruises, Kurus,
 and Scalds, (-’ramps. Strains, Sprains,
 Ulcers from heal cause*, aked
 Breasts, Contraction* of the mus
 cles,Wound*, Swellings,
 Also a ol dtst-UM s
 in Horse* an&gt;l other
 aniuials,-iwh a-
 St’A l /.V.x
 Sweeney,
 Risattf a r,
 Windgall, Poll f.vil,
 Callous, Cracked Heel..,
 (ialhi of all kinds.
 Fresh Wounds, Bruises,
 Fistula, Sitiast, Strains, Luneness,
 Sand Cracks, Foundered Feet, Scratches,
 OR GREASE, MASGE, FARCY, if.., ifr.
 Numerous are tlie unsolicited statintents of
 tients themselves,and other- who have used the Oil,
 of cures which ill ihetn-elves a[n*ar so remarkable
 that were tliey at all interested in a pecuniary point,
 tlie\ could Imrdly have been credited.
 The celebrated l»r. Parker also write* as follow*
 Dear Sir: l have prescribed your Gargl ug Oil in
 various case* of
 PRACTH A I. St RfjEH Y,
 a* a liniment, with marked sncce*■*,and 'v»mklc»&gt;m
 meiui it to phyeietana gets ially fu external uss- in
 ail contusions, sprain-, white swellings,
 &lt;u*l in ail iheomaiu afldtion*, where &lt;xorn;il
 neaw are Kcesiaty. As a discbticiit, it harm
 less where tiie tet&gt;nk- symptom* have tawrn rtsiuced
 by general treatment, fu h case*, it. is U»- n«,ri
 efficient reme*iy within tl« circle of nw-atw now m
 UaC.
 1 would als ree&lt;aiim*i&gt;d It r o conummity at l.«rg«
 &lt;u a *afe ainl powerful remedy wliere tiiere is no
 genera! fever m alt die »l*,v» diseases, to l/e u*e*}
 freely, ami to c&lt;*j iterart mHam,nation m a remark
 able manner In latiised woumi* .1 prevents swell
 ing, aief r/mseqnent soreness in hweather.
 From die peculiar nature of this Oil, .or* tie!
 uiiijara!U-k-it -oc' e*» it Ib»- ne t witli in tin- hands of
 the FARRIER. FARMER and STAGE PRO
 PRtE'I'OR, it is bw* jun'wc t, sav, that of the
 great nauder ol me.in iue.&gt; which ktve la-en offered,
 nooe liave I wen so well lap ted to the |»raapt wre
 o( Diseases to whe h Horse* aie Iralde it lias !**-n
 very ju.-d) ad**l a Complete Panacea for tlie H vrsc
 For instance, read tlie toarm mg
 TO OWSERX OF HORSES.
 Thu u to c ertify tfiat 1 have fan! tor many years the
 care of from ixie hundred tu two hundred horses,l
 ami Itave made use of Merchant’s (jargtiug Oil fa
 two teats pci*!, and easj* *afrls rn, tint fa ail Its
 diseases that U*&lt;* are bafi* to. I never saw its
 1 me alsatl one l»4*V per month, aad ft-1
 commend it to the ptrfJic a li la-*t n*edo ine f&lt;a
 bases now in use. K I) MINOR.
 All orders aAdreaand to it*r j*.pevt will be
 pr&gt;aupdy to.
 (Jet a pjinphiet of tlie Agent, ami sin' w»at
 •iers are a»iaa**pli bed W lie «e ‘A thi* Bolh toe,
 tfoht by rem&gt;e* taide Uealers gei4efally i* tiw l.'ui-
 Urd tales and Carta la.
 Also In Pm*i k W uiji.H Pir*t**,L. li
 f*wa», Wn*c k Vtrtvo, H D. *V*p».,
 Rnrbester.
 II It E Gaykwii, Hfaderrm k Tmtcrsou, Cleve
 land, O.; (i I&gt;u»g k hou, CoWihm, O.; ftwhs
 k Israel, CatimWi, O.; McClure k Co, AB*sny
 tiolfistev k Co, H'l’tak,; tjierwtss it .-uit h, t»-
 e* P D On* 4, Co, Ttm N V July
 \l r M H- TOPP, MejrKwt Tmbr, 54h
 Yf way. Abo at. extemiv« mtoOrXVdßi td t r! r u
 fKocks, Hosienr, (ilove*, 4o
 A**®), Feb. 11, 154»
BLO4!I*N COI/IMA.
 A® Bwvbcm*. advert used hr M' B Aina*
 are w»kl In Post k Wdh*, (l „w,w k Yowaw. Ro
 Chester; H. Kenshse. Kraahfcrt- A Ba.r-tok
 Co lewistoo; T k A free. Rr eg port C*W»
 Nyr, Pitlshttl; W Wdltsm*. Boffiskv; and in
 purr-1 drncffi**-* thrvmghoot ihe I sited States
 FAMILY OINTMENT,
 y'imvs OINTMENT I« no*, universally
 know Irstged to be an mhlliMr remesfy. every
 ra*r where it ha* fern fiitktslh Ipgdieil on the hu
 man «y*trm. for promoting Iwewssfdr l’erspiraimn.
 drawing o«t the inflammation trt»n» a wound, is
 le viiig pnm f every kind, and us it* heahng qasib
 t*r« the world dor* not prodore it* «spial, and U*»
 puMw pronvainre it the rhrapr*&lt; a«*i ie#» f amity
 Oiuiinent that has ever fern used. Alt diseases of
 ib” 1 ie»h. Ohstimte I leer*, (Mi Sorr«, (TtilMune,
 Sore Throat, Burn-. ut*. m.ioeoos Fruptmu.
 !*ore Nipple*. Sore Bre.r.l*. Diseases ot the Eve,
 Ague ta the fare, seie. buck, and the other part* of
 the system. Bod*, I irer*, Scald Head, Braise*.
 I rr*h ll. .iirais, ao.i rv&lt;-va kiml of wires rontatmag
 the lea*t particle o( inHamihatwm are permanently
 cntnl Ia thi* grc.i* rrmetK
 U B SLOAN.
 Gram! IVpi&gt;t. l~»he st., Chicago, 111
 t vx’r ett wtissi r it.
 Bi uttb r-w.&gt;» i, 15 ill Co.. 111., /J
 October 24, I*4S
 Me. St 'W—Sir I have tested the virtue nf
 \ixtr tsminent in the cure of rattlesnake lutes, tore
 ilm&gt;at, burn*, ami many other injuries, ami m every
 case it ha* surpm«etl *&gt;w expectations. As at ami
 Iv Ointment 1 have never «c**n it* evpial. mi Im
 beast* evn’i jjei ikmg without it.
 Yours, Ac..
 MILF&gt; M JOHNSON.
 I XCkLU-XT OiNTMtNT.
 \|k. Stas x —ltcar Sit For a CTuisideralde
 W-ngt’i of tint*' I was sciHwisiy afflicted with the
 Uiw tunatic coinplami.aiid apjilu-J frecSy the various
 liniment*, pain-killer*, &amp;r., without obtaining
 relief. After wliich your agent at this place mltu
 enced me to trv yotir Ointment, ami witbsn tw*.
 week* from the time f commenced iwiiag it, the pam
 ceased, anil I was effectually ctsned; nmi shall tc
 commend all w ho are similarly afflicttsl w ith the dis
 tressing complaint, to procure y.mr excellewt oict
 ment vntbottt dektv. Re*pN vourv,
 OSCAR F. MOTT.
 Piincevilk, Peoria ro., 111., May 1, 'l* 4
 A KOUKK B! ir t; X Kh TIRCL.Y OFF
 Two Miles .South of Chicago,
 Sept. 14. 184*. S
 Dk. St.o tx —Sir Oil tlie Bth in*t. my son bid a
 finger bitten cut irrly uli by ahorse. Me inunedi
 atelv applied vour celebrated Ointment which ie
 licved him of pain in a tew minutes, amt prevented
 the linger from swelling the least particle, and the
 wound is now healing rapidly.
 Respectfully tour*.
 S ROCK WAY.
 A PR IMF. ARTirt,*:.
 Are aiw afflictnl with pain*, loii'es,ruts or sores
 of any kind Let (Item rrad B. Shmii’* ad
 vert iseinent in anotb'r column. We believe th»s
 ointment to I*' a prime article f&lt;&gt;r anv thing ol the
 kind and no liuiiilmg. liv a little ot it lie lore you
 *nfler any longer. It ran Is: had at nearly all the
 store* in this place.—[ki*o\ Intelligencer.
 ritK BEST ANl&gt; CHEAPEST
 lIORSF MEDICINE
 l&gt; llt E VVORI T».
SLOAN’S OINTMENT
 AND
 CONDITION POWDER
 have earned a great name.
 For Puntij. Mildness, Safety, Crrtanit y
 amt 'J horon ‘’bnee\ SLOA S’S
 (HA T' Vf EA T F.rctl
d is rapidly superseding all other Ointments and
 Liniment* now in nse for tlie cure of the following
 disease*
 Fresh Wounds, Galls of alt kinds, Sprain*,
 Bruises, Cracked Heels, Ringtone, Windfalls, Pull
 Evil, Callus, Spavins, Sweeney, Fistula, SitfaM,
 Strains, l/ameness, Sand Cracks, Foundered led.
 Scratches or Grease, Mange and Horn Distemper.
 The PovvtiEK w ill remove all inflammation and
 fever, purify tlie blood, loosen the skill, cleanse tile
 water, and *treugthen every part of tlie body and
 lias proved a sovereign remedy lor the following
 diseases:
 Distemper, Hide-hound, Los* ot Ap|&gt;ctite, In
 ward Strains, Yellow Water, Inflammation of die
 Eve*, Fatigue from hard exercise. Also, Rheuina
 i ti*m, (commonly called stiti complaint,) which
 proves so fatal to many valuable horse* in tin*
 country. It i* also a said and certain remedy thr
 cough* and cold*, w Inch generate so many fatal dis
 ea**-*. W. B. SLOAN.
 Grand Depot, ft) Lake *t., Chicago, Illinois.
 t rirv t from riii: “galena nokth-wemi ehn
 t.A/F.T rK."
 B\ the use of Sloan’s Ointment and Condition
 Pnwtjei, I have entirely cured a Fistula on my
 horse, and otherwise improved Ins condition more
&lt;t
 a cow which was so fotlilc as to Is* considered
 worthies* bv invselt and neighlior*, was restored to
 giwsl health ;uni strength by tin- u*e of less than half
 |iackage of th*- powder, and is now doing bet lei
 than any other enw 1 have. WM. INCE.NT.
 Small Pox, May 13, 1848.
 PtiPl LAK OPINION.
 It popnlu opinion is any criterion of the worth
 of an article, we invite die incredulous to lead at
 least a tew of the ninny voluntary certificates which
 appear in our columns re“|iectiiig the great variety
 of remarkable cures effected by the use of Sloan'*
 celebrated Ointment ainl CoinJilion Powder.”
 The-e remedies no longer remain among diose ot
 doubtful utility; they have passed from tla: tide of
 experiment, and now stand higher in reputation, amt
 are- becoming more extensively used than all other
 article* of tlie kind.—(Michigan City News.
 rill HALF HAS NOT BEEN TOI.D.
 F’ox River, June 12, *4B.
 Hr Si.oa.v—Dear Sir. Please send by the tent
 er a new supply of yoor Horse Medicines. I f»ev
 are the is-st article,- of the kind that I have evi r
 used, never having been disappointed in tlieir tdfeet
 a- I have been in the n®c ol oilier, even tlie most
 celebrated Ointments, Liniment*, k&lt; ,&lt;A the. day.
 I like very innch this feature in tIK-m, vi*. dialtln-y
 do all that is promised, aiui upon a thorough trial,
 one is constrained to add lliat “hah lias not las-n
 tokl.” RespectfiilK,
 M. DUDLEY
 fHF. Dll FERF.XCE
 Tlm &lt;&gt;rdinarv Ointments and l.miiuents, it i» well
 known, are severe and pariial m tlieir o(«eration.
 Bloan's Ointment is Miikl, yet Itw/rougli—u rear)»
 aiwl reiiK.V”* tl* cause, tw me H gives real ai.d {s-i
 Htauent rsls-f
 F'm (sirity, iiiihineM, safety r_rtairrty, ami tbot
 oogfira-ea, Bl&gt;awi's Outtmeat excel*, o*l rapwlly
 superseding all ofts-r ointment, an&gt;| ion incuts now
 Hi U*e. IMM
 good nkwh.
 fMKAoo, Jan. Bth, F 849
 W B. Bt.oa '—Bir One of uty horses wan tv*.!
 IsMirs! ami a! tit wiiuislr'l in the stifle, in which i*r
 look ivsUl, ami In ills' so crippled that le- touhl
 scarcely tiavel. By the free a|jpii&lt; ateai of yoor
 vatuaGU; Ointment, his hoof* ws-re «-*&gt;u softened and
 tie- stitW p» nnantatly ittrnl.
 I tiav* *t*'J uaed the Oiuimeot li»e aw of Fo.i-
 Evil ami on severe gall* s*l. n| i H i ns-cess.
 On a Bias Red finger that was very yaiuhil it op
 erated tike a cbaim. V u«r*, K&lt;
 A \AN ORDEN.
 EXTBAoKDtNAKY Cl RE.
 F&lt;su trnir* is/rth of Chicago. road to t
 Milwaukie,) A co.. 111., Ap, ii 13, ‘4B-
 M R JBl.O*» —Hear Sir One of my horse* had a
 Lire bony l -an-a om L» Least !*&gt;ur, iMu»ie*i»s«el*
 tusiei the cotLr, which hawed him and reisjsre*/ hr*
 serrters «*f verv little vahie. I faithfully
 several Isdtk- of I&gt;r Tavbx’s Nerve a«l B&lt;m”
 latuuirnt, w itlsart tiie ira*» hewefir. I I*'-'
 cured M ikler’» f elet/rated Uoree OmOnent, am
 .ased that tawial I &lt;f&gt; T.AaoZT,
 6ft day. tr.au
 1 T' /yv yKD AKM.-TKONO.
 nor*, r#
 UtATirlfhd IXILU-lOUit-E.
 r ,riy part i ntmuy where. M .sk«u’a
 it ami t Wills* P..wxKt” baVebreia
 ISXced. thr protaletrr has reeevre.l the
 i limtihimt mtethgeasre U I her* remaikaMr eff*r t
 I f a...... Iu a ssJiilutr &lt;4 melaure#, they have
 —s*»t over ,ia*ea*e« »Lh LI tsaffte.! the akitl
 i,j tsrLbrated Farr ter», and were e*«a»nV-re«t inrvu
 t tdr Tl#«c mrdsiar* are rapadiy nartwvluq all
 i ,ther retfie.!,ev m»» ia aar, M tsuraaa «ml
 [cMif, r* _
