C m describe the electrifying vibration* of
 rsch wMiP Ah! when l look for a com
 panson 1 am loat. Nothing tn thta world ia
 its parallel. The redeemed slave ta created
 anew sees a new earth about him. Well can
 such aaoul etclaim, "I waa once a capure,
 but 1 am delivered, vea, I am free!— l have
 toiled now gamed my liberty. He who did
 speak me into life, dtd alao end this day ol
 strife.
 Aga in we have much rcaaon to rejoice,
 that this great event and ita practical reaults,
 gave a new impelua throughout the world ti
 the progressive movement for the tnumpha ol
 Liberty and Equality. Statesmen were
 blind lo history. They had torgotien that
 man was a progressive being, that as the
 mind unproved, the field of action widened,
 and what satisfied the last generation tails
 far short of satisfying the neat. Pney might
 have seen that the principles upon which they
 were acting had laid waaie the fairest por
 tion of Goda ancient heritage They seemed
 to look on the present as a type o( the past
 and the future. What has been, is and al
 must be, sa\ they’ Because the Afri
 it* cow enslaved, they inferred he always
 has been, and always will be. To refute
 iliis we have hut to take a glance at the past.
 nations have been slaves in their turn, as
 got tlie advantage oi honesty. But
 a! t‘»ng oppression has goaded them on to
 ireliance, they have overthtown their op
 ic-suon, and continued on in the march ol
 fl ,,mat* progress. Every generation is dit
 krerit from its predecessors. Some new
 pt,a-u5 in humanity is seen in each, «ome one
 a t,on, may lor the time retrograde, but th«
 w orld is ever advancingjin the scale of im
 provement. “What has been, always will
 be 1 N.o what has been, never will be
 again, simply because it has been once. Man
 is not moving in a circle, i tie event which
 we have assembled to commemorate this day
 proves the folly of thi'* doctrine. 1 he signs
 of progress are bold, prominent, and visible,
 to all but the bigoted conservative. Parties
 that have for years been imperturbable upon
 the subject of slavery, have by it been rent
 asunder: one portion have become so rabid in
 their tumultuous hurra, for freedom, that 1
 fear they have forgotten the legitimate parents
 of their boasted Philanthropy. In the lan-
 guage of inspiration “nations shall be horn in
 a day." Thrones tremble, totter and fall.
 That aristocratic and tyrannical minority, who
 have scourged with oppression, misrule, and
 suffering the enslaved and disheartened ma
 turity. now stand in the front rank of progres
 sive reformers.
 What has brought out trom their long sleep
 of death those sterling principles of our
 puritan fathers, bringing them to hear upon
 the destiny of this country 7 W hy are the
 holy principles of a N\ arren, Hancock or .lei*
 ferson after a lapse of inure than oO years,
 threatening to oveiturn the last remnant of
 despotism' It i» but ihe rational development
 of that reformatory pi maple which civiliza
 tion and religion always implant. Like
 California gold n is finding its way out from
 among the parapets and hiding places, bring
 ing into action the pine principles ol our
 ancestors, and applying them equally to all.
 It is to those w ho are imbued with this re
 formatory spirit, and have raised ihe clarion
 note of human progress, that we are in
 debted lor the mighty influences which have
 been brought to bear to the furtherance ol
 those great principles. And would it not, 1
 ask, be highly creditable to the character of
 this people, in conformity with all the just
 principles of common brotherhood, to rid
 our country ol the tnul stain ut oppression
 Again, l lcmaiked in the outset that 1
 desired to established no new theory, or at
 tack long established usages or customs. If
 usage or custom were mv theme, who in
 Jod’s name has fell the iron heel of oppression
 and tyrannical custom, more than those now
 assembled 7 Could we interrogate the eight
 hundred thousand whose happy deliverance
 we have met to lejoice over to day; what
 think vou would be tin* opinion ol llic chrio
 uun a stem, which they mhriited hum their
 jnosi /radons and puritanic white brethren 7
 llo.\ gratetully and magnanimously they have
 rep. ;&gt;l us tui the light oi science and letters
 whie;t dawned upon their benighted visions
 horn our Egyptian ancestors. Indeed are they
 nut dm verv embodiment of chivalry and
 heroism' Ah, my fellow countrymen, citi
 i ?r.s of the I mtod Stales, 1 am bold to
 u it, and no historian will altempt to
 deny, that had not that day dawned upon our
 ancestors some three thousund years ago, be
 fore Greece and Home awoke the night ol
 ages,—had some great physical catastrophe,
 swallowed up these primal men of letters and
 science, and blotted out forever all their stu
 pendous works of art would a horde
 ol naked savages have had to-day to boast
 of in ilieir Anglo Saxon or t aucasian origin 7
 1 atand here to-day a representative of those
 who were ihe beneiactors ol that noble blood
 of which you love to contemplate. Ihe
 pure rflls of science, trom which you nty w bite
 fellow countrymen now drink had theii origin
 in Egypt and Ethiopia, and m ilieir wander
 ings have letlilized all succeeding generations.
 J know efforts have been made to throw dis
 credit upon these precious relic.-, of history,
 but it has now become an almost universally
 admitted truth. Those whodesire information
 onlv need to trace hack civilization ami
 knowledge through then European ancestor
 and from them through the Greeks, tin
 Homans and the Jews directly to Attica, am
 they will find their beneiactors to be Egyp
 nans and Ethiopians. The founders ut man)
 of le early Grecian cities were Egypuat
 colonist s—colored men. It was to Egyp
 that Grecian historians and philosophers re
 sorted to obtain wisdom and refinement tu
 where else to be found.
 Again in view of these rejoicing facts, whal
 applicationougnt .v t t., make of them to our
 circumstance Wnui the shacales are fall
 &gt;ng from hundred; of thousands of our race
 when the, great principles ol human liberty
 and equably are rerumuanng the nations ol
 the earth, shall we remain satisfied, in the
 valley ol puveity arid ignorance, or shall vvt
 avail ourselves of every means uhtn oui
 reach that may render us won by of those
 principles and the age in winch we h Ve
 There may be some present little accustomed
 lo reflect upon the law- of equal lights. I
 will for their fn.meht give you the view# o
 one or two of those to whom] have abeam
 alluded. On the *&lt;th day ol March 1775
 General Warren, in an oration delivered u
 *V Old .*7uutb church, Boston, on the anni
vers ary of the celebalcd Boston massacre, and
 this mas but 103 Hays before bit death on
 Bunker Hill, said, “personal liberty is the
 natural right of every man and that proper
 ty or an exclusive right to dispose of what
 he has honestly acquired by bis ow n labor,
 necessarily arises therefrom, are truths which
 common sense has placed beyond the reach of
 contradiction. And no man, or body of men,
 can without flagrant injustice, claim a right
 to depose of the persons or acquisitions of
 any other man, or body of men, unless it can
 be proved that such a right has arisen from
 some compact between the parties, in which
 it has been explicitly and freely granted.”
 These were the last Rushings of an hones
 heart, a lover of liberty for which his life
 pa:d the foifcit. J*t us think for a moment,
 what would be the reflection of our departed
 ancestors, could they once more be permitted
 to review the condition of this country,—w hat
 wtouM they say in viewr of her dishonor and
 disgrace Would they not be led to inquire,
 where, and for what purpose were their lives
 sacrificed 7 from whence emanated these,
 greater evils than those which they rose in
 rebellion to oppose 1 Ah, raethinks they would
 be ashamed f their country, that they would
 say, Tar better that she should have retained
 hsr former position, rather than hold the one
 sh* now occupies, and be guilty of so flagrant
 an act of injustice to one sixth portion of her
 citizens. If on that subsequent Monday to
 August 13th, 149:2 when the Pinta connected,
 with the fleet of Columbus broke her rudder,;
 a tornado bad passed over them, and con- 1
 signed the whole fleet to a watery grave,—it
 might have averted not only the calamities
 which betel the aborigines of the newly dis
 :overed continent, but those which have be
 fallen our race, lor two centuries, the histo
 ry of which the man who has a heart to feel j
 or human suffering would Hiriuk from with j
 lorror and disgust. One fact alone will give
 iou some idea. Sixty thousand Indian fami
 ics were reduced in less than six years to four
 cen thousand. Entertaining as they did so
 ioble and just a sense of their manhood, that!
 atherthan be enslaved and compelled to work
 n the mines, those who did not die from
 irutal treatment and suffering, preferred death
 o slavery. Thousands ended their earthly
 ;ateer by taking poison. It might also have!
 iverted the damning curse of three fourths
 if a century of the most spurious repub
 licanism, and we might have been exempted
 rom celebrating the birth day of freedom to
 ?ight hundred thousand of the human race
 from abject servitude. Better had the dis-,
 :overies of the Spanish and Portuguese never
 been made, and all efforts ceased at the death
 of Isabella, rather than the disastrous con
 sequences which have ensued. From that
 hour when the Pinta touched at St. Salva
 dor, and those daring mannors of Colum
 bus’ fleet fell prostiate and kissed the
 newly discovered continent, a porten-t
 tous cloud of slavery and death has hung over
 the new world. And from the fatal battle of;
 Vega Heal, Spanish rapacity and thirst for
 conquest have propagated this ungodly sva-
 tern. Not satisfied with laying waste this
 garden of the new woild, and by oppressive;
 treatment and cruelty exterminating these na
 tions by forced labor, but this easy conquest j
 led them lo ravage other countries and drag into;
 hon’ess servitude millions of our race. This,
 jisc, very nursed and brought into being all
 die wotst depravity of the human heart, which
 irose among the natives to such a height of
 n sole lit and heaven daring outrage, that noth
 ng short of the vengeance from the throne of j
 the Eternal could arrest its progress. But West
 India Emancipation has rolled back the tide. It j
 was a death blow to Mock Republicanism it!
 applied the antidote and w rought out a change
 in the public mind which will sweep awayi
 the last veslige of servitude, and place all
 men upon the equality which the f reator in
 tended.
 You see from this, fellow countrymen, there
 is much depending upon the efforts of re
 formers. They have had much to do in all
 ages of the world in moulding the various
 elements of society. If they appear at the
 dawn of a&gt; nation’s existence, they will blend
 an untold influence with her lesser light that
 will load her unto future glory, strengthening
 and lightening the effulgence of preceding
 ages. But let them appeal at the declining,
 of her glory, when thick darkness has gath-.
 ered around all her piospecis, and like the|
 character that John Stebbins Lee mentions,'
 who filled ihe chief office of state under 1 be
 udoiio the Gothic Emperor in the former part;
 of the t»th century, can only lengthen for
 a season the impending danger ere the night,
 of sleep closes in upon her. He tells us afier
 the devoted patriotism of Cincinnatus,C ocletes,,
 and Virginia, gave way to the sensuality of j
 her Ca-sars, and the land once made so sacred.
 by human prowess gave way to effeminacy,
 debauchery and crime, Boethius arose and
 flourished for a short season. Calmly he con
 templates, w hile all is desolation around, i
 Like true reformers of the presant age, he
 was looked upon as an enemy to the race, be-j
 cause he told the iruth and like the philoso
 pher of Athens, fell a victim to those whose
 welfare he would promote. Great and good
 men of the lflth century in this our native
 land, like Boethius of old have also filled a mar
 tyr's 'grave for defending the right and
 grappling with the tyrant oppressor.
 It h true, as I before remarked,that slavery
 had brought our country to the verge of
 turn, but the star of her dedination had not
 fully set. While the hand of retributive
 justice was upraised to smite her, signs of
 redeeming mercy appeared. Ever since we
 have heard of the well garrisoned host send
 ing forth their liberty loving appeals to awake
 this guilty nauon, visible signs also appeared
 that all was not lost—that there was sufficient
 virtue to stay its pro gross. While kingdoms,
 principalities and poweis, in monarchical and
 priest, ridden lands, are shaking off their bur
 dens and rending asunder the chains of
 oppression, slow as may be our advance
 march, it will be accomplished. If Rome
 can be redeemed after more than twelve
 centuries of the most degraded, oppressive,
 and tyrannical misrule, by extending equal
 rights and privileges to all her subjects, what
 stronger evidence do we need that we are
 onward f Blame me. fellow countrymen, when
 I say that if I did not believe ibis, 1 would
 teach other doctrine, I would recommend oth
 er appliances. For our conduct and obedi
 ence as good ciuxena we have received only
 insult and abuse. 1 read in the countenances
 of my countryman before me a sad story,
 which electrifies tbt blood lit thee#
You, ray more favored white countrymen
 were proud, on the fourth day of last month
 to talk of the puniy of motive under whicl
 your forefather? achieved for you and us th&lt;
 liberty which yoti *toue enjoy And aajuat
 ly an we may reverence the conduct of mini
 of thoae noble spirits in that struggle fo
 independence, what have their recreant wni
 dor.e but to subvert their intentions Yot
 may vaunting!? boast about omnipotent sane
 uon in that bloody Contes, *e daily witneai
 aenes and experience leaulta professedh
 baaed upon the principles of those revoluiiona
 ry patriots, which are irreconcilable to, an&lt;
 estranged flora all their general teachings. Ii
 ahoit it is a system of injustice practised w
 one class to degrade, impoverish and enalavr
 them, that the other may be elevated. Nut
 only in the*? veins, but in those ofcoloied mer
 generally, flows an equal proportion of th«
 boasted patriotic blood that achieved the
 liberty you possess. Were not tbe signs o!
 the times ominous of good w ere not indi
 viduals, states, and the nation, actively en
 gaged in taking otTthe ponderous load which
 has for three fourths of a century crushed
 us as a race under the professed benignity ol
 your laws; soon like our fathers of old
 would the four millions in mis land whose
 ears are unstopped to catch the sound of that
 wul stirring ode, of “hail Columbia, reani
 mated by he principles of their three million
 predecessors, rush on with mightier odds to
 contend against, asserting in the power of
 heir might, their manhood, till the la?t rem
 nant were gathered home lo their fathers, or
 iberty had crowned their efforts with SOC
 ie SS.
 Again, let me say to those who claim a
 arge share in this reformatory work, (you
 nav designate those to whom 1 refer by the
 trong claim they make to Jeffersonian pnnci
 •les,) although 1 grant them to be far in the
 dvance of their stronger political opponents,
 et need a more thorough study of his views
 n order that a more consistent course ot ac
 ion may follow them. Jefferson in his noses
 in Virginia speaks thus: “The whole com
 nerce between master and slave, is a per
 petual exercise of the most boisterous pas
 ions, the roost unremitting despotism on one
 ►art, and degrading submission on ihe other
 -and with what execration should the states
 nen be loaded, who peimitting one half ot
 he citizens thus to trample on ihe rights
 if the other, transforms those into despots,
 ,nd these into enemies, des oys the morals
 if one part, and the patriotism of the other,
 le further adds, “Can the liberties of a nation
 )e thought secure when we have removed
 heir only base —a conviction in the minds of
 he people that these liberties are ihe gift of
 Jod—that they are violated but with his
 wrath 1 Indeed I tremble for my country
 vhen 1 remember that God is just, and that
 lis justice will not always sleep that the
 Almighty has no attribute which can take
 fide with us in this contest. May 1 not ask.
 lien, in the language ot Leighton, “Why
 iavc you, O wretched mortals, condemned
 yourselves as it were to the inip.es, and the
 irerv nature of vour study and action ever
 preventing you with others from regaining
 liberty although sensibility to wrong
 tas aroused you to take some ot the incipient
 itages of action in behalf of the oppressed,
 /our every act proves that sensibility is not
 iecessarily true benevolence, for w e may be
 :ome alarmingly aroused to the condition ot
 hings around us, and yet through an effemi
 late selfishness all your efforts be inefficacious
 n producing the result intended.*’ W ould to
 3od that the purity of principle and healthy
 itate of public sentiment upon these great
 questions w *re not such as to compel me to
 told views hostile to the majority of my fel
 ow countrymen. I speak, because I feel
 hat the hour has arrived when we must not
 only see right, but act right. Let action!
 iction now be ihe watchword.
 One thought more and I have done. There
 ire at the present day but few in the north or
 rauth but acknowledge the evil of slavery,
 ind that it ought to Ire abolished. Hut the
 propriety of the course pursued in W est In
 iia Emancipation thousands are ready to de
 iy. What is the Uue history of these Islands
 line? emancipation, but uninterrupted peace,
 rantentment, and improvement 1 Out of the
 itravv thatched cottage, and mud hovel, have
 irisen the neatly finished dwelling, and the
 arge country mansions. Out of the degraded
 slaves, have arisen the free and industrious
 andholders,, farmers and mechanics, the
 irotectors and guardians of all the virtues that
 :an safely ensure the well being of society.
 recently read some statistics from the pen
 &gt;f some demagogue aspirant after fame,
 drawing as an argument against immediate
 •mancipation that the exports from the W est
 'ndies had fallen off since the slaves were
 released. Bui to my mind this is a conclu
 dve argument in its favor. Would it have
 &gt;een wonderful when those who constituted
 he great mass of the population came into full
 mssession of all the natural and social ad
 antages of the country, that their consump
 ion had made a home market for even all
 heir former exports 1 Had not the act of
 Emancipation been a stimulant for increased
 abor, and brought out a greater product from
 he soil, as also from various other channels,
 nstead of falling off a small percentage, large
 importation would have been needed for home
 consumption in addition to their former ex
 ports. But the most significant fact in
 relation to it is, that instead of a falling
 off there was in some places a manifest in
 irease. It appears by an official statement,
 that the quarter of the year after Emanci
 pation exceeded the quartet of the three
 years preceding it, in l&gt;eniaiara, twenty pel
 cent, Bcrbice 60 per cent of tho gieal staple
 of her exports, and on the article of coffee
 alone 100 cent. This ha* been the happy
 effect of Emancipation in the West Indies.
 In all the instances of lardy justice done to
 the slave not one drop of blood has followed
 as the result of the immediate emancipation.
 In view of these facts, and as friends to the
 well being of society, shall we not rejoice ai
 the prospect which lies before us 1 Gran
 vili Sharp, George Fox, Clarkson, Wilber
 force, and utbera, allhough dead yet speak in
 their impeiufaable works, and remain as
 ao many stars to light the path of modern
 reformer*. Oh, act wisely*, then, my fellow
 countrymen, and usher in the eventful day,
 when we as freeborn American citizens, can
 wuho ut respect of persona, celebrate the
 Emancipation of three million* of oar eo
 •l«ved brethren.
Notices.
Tke Full Caapaifi.
 FutDL Kj'. k Dot clash will visit and lecture
 at the following places
 Tuesday, f«h September, m West Wal
 wonh.
 Wednesday, sth, at Marion.
 Thursday auJ Friday, 6th and ?th, a
 Palmyra.
 Thursday, Friday and Saturday, 13th, 14th
 aod 15th, at Oswego.
 Sunday and Monday, 16th and lTth, at
 Fulton Village.
 Addisons will be made to this list of ap
 pointments in our neat week’s paper.
 Our friends in these diflerent localnies. will
 see that suitable arrangements are made for
 these meetings.
 Anti-Slavery Fair at Macedon.
 The Ladies and friends of the Western N.
 Y. Anti-Slavery Society will hold an Asti-
 Slavcry Fair in Macedon, N. Y., on Sat
 urday, Aug. 16, 1649., commencing at It)
 o'clock, A. M.
 The large and elegant assortment of Indies’
 (ioods, from England, will be especially
 worthy ot attention: eonsisiing of Ladies*
 Collars, Gloves, Armlets, Purses, Handker
 chiefs, English Ijandseapes, Portfolios. &amp;c.
 The Ladie® will furnish a Refreshment 1
 Table.
 All who would aid to enlighten puhlic sen
 timent, remove Prejudice, and hasten the
 Freedom of the Slave, are respectfully invited
 io attend.
 An appeal In behalf of the Western
 New York Anti-Slavery Fair.
 Earnestly desiring the abolition of Slavery
 n this land, and being deeply convinced that
 :his result can only be accomplished by renew
 'd efforts to change our present corrupt metal j
 icntiment, the undersigned members and
 Ttends of the Western New York Anti-slavery
 Society, again, make their appeal to the
 'rienda of the Slave in'behalf of their annual
 Bazaar, which will be held in Rochester in
 Decembbr next.
 While we have been cheered and gladdened
 &gt;y the progress already made, and the good
 ilready done, and while we rejoice to observe
 that friends have been raised up to plead the
 cause of the bondman among persons, and in
 juatters where we had least expected them,|
 wc still see “the harvest to be great and the
 laborers to be few,” and instead of relaxing
 our efforts we are impressed with a sense of
 the duty of doubling our diligence, anu ap
 plying more closely our energy to the means
 of advancing this holy cause.—We appeal lhej
 more boldly to our friends because those for
 whom we plead cannot plead for themselves.!
 While we are surrounded by our domestic!
 circle, with none to molest or make us afraid, i
 there are three millions of men and women m 1
 our own land, doomed to abject slavery and
 chains, robbed of every right—civil—social—
 personal—and political. Remembering those
 in bonds as bound with them, we desire to
 plead their cause as though they were on our
 own limbs and the knotted lash were applied
 to our own backs.
 While to obtain means for enlightening the
 public mind, is the strong motive for holding
 our annual Fair, it is not the only one. A
 great amount of good may he traced directly
 to such occasions. Many who are now ac
 tive workers in behalf of this holy movement
 became first interested in it through the in
 strumentality of those annual exhibitions of
 anti-slavery industry, tact and skill.
 The present object of the Rochester anti
 slavery Bazaar is for the general enlighten
 ment of the public mind on the subject of sla
 very. Recognizing the North Star,(published
 in ibis city) as an efficient A.n*»-Wlavery in
 strumentality, we propose that the funds
 raised by the Sale of articles at the Bazaar
 (on behalf of which we here appeal) shall be
 mainly appropriated to the suppport of that
 important paper.
 We graiefully acknowledge the prompt as
 sistance rendered to our last Fair by our
 friends and coadjutors in various parts of our
 own State, Wisconsin, and Michigan, and we
 earnestly solicit their continued co-operation
 with us in tho good work. That no time may
 be lost^we especially recommend to them the
 immediate formation of sewing circles in their
 various towns with a view to making articles
 fur the Rochester Bazaar. Wc would also
 in this connection render our heartfelt thanks
 to our Briiish friends for the valuable aid ex
 tended by them to our last year’s Fair; and
 we would again warmly solicit their generous
 assistance. It is due to our trans-Atlantic
 friends to say that for much of the interest felt
 in our last Bazaar we were indebted to them,
 and we are persuaded that their continued
 co-operation will essentially promote the suc
 cess of our approaching December Bazaar,and
 the advancement of the cause of the slave in
 our land.
 We hope that the foregoing appeal will
 commend iiselfto our philanthropic friendson
 both sides of the Atlantic, and that they wil
 cordially unite with us in the effort here prol
 posed.
 not—inglorious real
 l uuerve# the man,
 Struggle—’tin fiod’.* lieliest!
 Fill up life’i little span
 With tlod-like deed# —it is the test
 Test of (tie high born soul,
 And lofty aim
 Tlie test in history'# scroll
 Of every honored name—
 None I Mil the Brave shall win die goal!
 Signed on behalf of the Fair Commitee,
 AMY POST.
 Appeal of the Philadelphia Association,
 The “Women’s Association of Philadel
 phia’” appeal to a benevolent puhlic, and to
 the friends of the Slave everywhere, to aid
 them in their approaching Fair, the object of
 which is to sustain the ‘North Star. To
 those who are familiar w ith the pages of this
 paper it is unnecessary to speak of its merit.
 To those who have not seen it we may say,
 that we regard it as one ot the very best anti
 slavery instrumentalities now in the field.
 We are the more interested in it, because
 the editor is one of our own oppressed race,
 and admirably qualified by h.s talents and
 moral worth to perform with credit the atdu
 ous task of editing a paper devoted to our ele
 vation VVe believe and ti u.-1 that our friends
 will give us their liberal aid.
 To our own people we look earnestly and
 hopefully. Sisters, Brothers shall we look
 m va n» The iron has entered into your souls.
 Ye go heavily, bowed down to the very dust,
 dispirited, crushed by the «e,gh. of .ppre.-
 sioo. Ye bear the taimtsof the eneiny.-Tbej
 are so ignorant and unrefined I hey are
 jealous of one another! \es they unite. but
 only to put down one wbo is more intel
 lectual than the mas-'- Pruve by the uaer
 r.n* language of conduct that the* a«ert,oDs
 often thrown m oor face, are malicious
 slanders. Sustain F Douglass because his
 talents and correct principles demandyom
 respect and confidence. Susuin him because
 uis right to do ao, because of thi aweel
 peace tile performance of so worthy anaeuor
 5T;I1 assuredly bring it J™' bourns.
 The Fair will be held on Christmas week
 D H \RRIET SNUTH, 319 Lombard street
 RACHEL LLOYD, 303 Pine atreet.
 AMY M CASSEY. 113 Lombard-street,
 Or to any member of the Aaaociatioo.
 Elizabeth A rtt, Ltou An* Bcstill
 u .VHo.arr Hetty Birr,
 i 1 Helen Johnson,
 Louis# Bristol,
 Hester Hist ill, Um,.
 CHAH-° TTIt Mill*.
 SABAH M. DOUGHS. Coj^-y
 FkiWelplu»,
Commercial
Kwhejtk* August 8, 1949
 Tim bwiBCM forjibe past week has bcra much
 awrt e\	ea«Tt ud animated than for «wnl pre
 vuma week*. Scrtnl bunt lands of new H fast
 hare been rtttitfd by oar .Miller* from their agrnt*
 on the tienesee Valley ami Frie Canal*. There
 has tweo bat little Nought to market ia wagon*
 from the country. We quote Geaeeen at Bs. 6d*
 9s. 9d.
 Genesee Floor 34 T9tss,».
 i
 Rochester Wholesale Prices Correal.
 FI OCR a!tt) MEAL—Duty 20 F c ad val
 Flom, rbH
 Cora meal, f bosh 45 •50
 PROVISIONS.— Duty; Beef.Pork.Hama, Baoaa,
 Butter aad Urd. #fe; Cbeene F e »d t«1
 Pork, (mess) 00 1J JO
 Do. in bog
 Heef.cwT 4 00 500
 Do. bbl. (mess) 700 C 8 00
 Lard (tried) F tt&gt; 8
 Do. (leaf.)
 Hams, (smoked) J
 Shoulders, do. 5 Of
 Butter 0
 Cheese 05 07
 Turkey sF J 4
 Chickens
 Potatoes, I wish 1 00
 GRAIN— Duty; 20 F e ad val
 Wheat, bush 11*
 Corn ®..56
 Rye M
 Oats
 Bariev SO
 HIDES—Duty; 5 p r ad val
 Slaughter 3j
 Calf 1®
 Sheep Pelts ~40 ti u
 SEEDS—Duty; Linseed 10 pc; Mustard 20 f
 c ad val
 Clover S 75 fi S 00
 Timothy 1500 2 2S
 Flax 10°
 FISH —Duty on foreign caught; 20 Fc ad rnl
 Whitefish bid
 Codfish cu t 8 50
 SUN DRIES
 Sah. F bid 1 25
 Apples, F law 37
 Do. dried bush. ft 62J
 Eggs,*doz If
 Beans, F bush &lt;5
 Hay. rum 700 iff 11 00
 Hard wool 3 50
 Soft Wood s 6
JOB PRINTING.
 THE NORTH STAR OFFICE, is furnished
 with rune Job Type, for the execution of every
 description of Printing with neatness and despatch.,
 atthe lowest prices for cash, viz:
 Hand-bills, Blanks, Bill-heads,
 Programmes, Circulars, Bills of Lading,
 Pamphlets, Cards, Labels, &amp;c.
Xew Watch aad Jewelry Store.
 JOHN KEDZIE having changed his partnership
 relation*, has removed his Shop two doors
 North to No. 11, State Street, where lie is prepared
 successfully to compete in the sale of an entire new
 Stock of Goods, consisting of Gold Silver
 English, Anchor, Horizontal and Vertical Watches,
 Gold Guard and Fob Chains, Gold Seals and Keys,
 Gold and Silver Pencils, Spectacles and Thimbles,
 Gold Ear-Rings, Bracelets, and Finger-Rings—a
 good assortment, cheap; a variety of Ladies’ and
 Gentlemen’s Breast-Pins, new style; double and
 single Hunting gold and plated Lockets, Gold Pen*,
 best quality, Silver and Shell Combs and Cases,
 Fine Cutlerv, &amp;c. &amp;c.
 The al»ve and a variety of other desirable Goods,
 usually kept in our business, are offered on more ad
 vantageous terms than usual; and it is particularly
 desired that the goods should be examined, and
 prices ascertained, before pnrchasiug elsewhere in
 this market.
 We manufacture and keep on hand a good
 ment of Silver Spoons, warranted as pure as Ame
 rican Corn
 wall also keep an assortment of Accordeons and
 other Musical Instruments, which will be sold very
 low.
 We intend to keep a good assortment of the best
 Brass Eighl-dav, 30 hour, and alarum Clocks, as can
 be found in this city.—Call and see them.
 WATCH REPAIRING, faithfully done and war-
 I ranted by an experienced workman.
 Farther particulars at No. 11 State Street.
 1 J. KEDZIE Co.
 p. S.—To the Fanners in particular we would
 give notice, that we have a variety of Barometers
 which will give that knowledge of the changes of the
 weather, so aati* be able to adopt his business to its
 variations. Pie -se call and examine them, as over
 man ought to ha e one.
 Sep. 15, 1848. on™-
DR. A. CLARK,
 DENTAL SURGEON.
 I would respectfully inform the oilmen# of Rocliester
 and surrounding country, that I have removed my
 office from No. 89 Smith’s Arcade to my dwelling
 house No. 92 Monroe Street.
 1 hankfnl for past favors in the line of my profes
 sion, and flattering myself that I can give perfect
 satisfaction to all who may favor me with their pa
 tronage. I would invite ail those who are de
 sirous of having operations performed on the teeth or
 of having teeth inserted to call on me and satisfy
 lliema-lvc. A CLARK.
 N. B. All operations performed by me on the
 teeth and Plate Work warranted.
 Rochester, Oct. 13, 1848.
AUBURN and ROCHESTER
 RAIL-ROAD.
 CHANGE IN TIME. —The trains w ill commence
 to leave Rochester to-day at the follow ing time
 Eastward—at la. m., a. 1 T**’’* l,
 Westward—at 4[ a. m., 9 a.m., 2* r. m. 7 p.m.
 May 1* I^*^*
 XTARRATIVE oV THE LIFE OF FREDER
 IN ICK DOUGLASS, written by hunself, to be
 had at this office, price 30 cents; new Edit. 37 $c
Hair-fatting and Dressing at
 Ralph Francis’s saloon, under the Eagle
 Buffalo-street l ul H—3m
The Old nrosity Shop,
 'At So 48 Exchange Street Rochester.
 I LOYD SCOTT, gratelul fur' the patronage
 Ja warded him, would respectfully inform his
 friend* and the public generally, that lie has recently
 enlarged his establishment and augmented hu stock
 of Men’s, Women’s, and Children New and
 Secondhand apparel. In addition to this tlepart
 ment lie will buy and sell House and Store k urm
 ture, Books, Jewelry, Fancy articles, Mechanical
 an-1 agricultural implemeuts, ami indeed all tliose
 various "odds and ends” of which may not be
 reaiiily obtained at other place*. It i* hi* intention
 to keep The Old Corosity Shop” well furnished
 with an endless variety of articles for which lie will
 uav liberally and dispwe of at satisfactory price*.
 Clothiug repaired and renovated with neatness
 &gt;and despatch. _
 Dout forget The Old Curoaity Shop.
 Roche ster March 1840.
 J\MES W. MON DORM ING *tiil continues uj
 keep the Grocery on Second Street, corner ol
 Elm, North lide Ha* constantly oo band ever,
 va'ietv of Grocerie*.
 Cincinnati, Ohio. July 13, 1840. 3m
SEW TORE IDTERTISE.WE.YrS.
UlirH Sailer*' Hm(&lt;
 330, Pearl Street, .\exc York.
 j 17 RIE-N DS of the slave, and strangers on a vt.it
 J; to New York, can now be accommodated with
 u 2&lt;xkl Board, and at as low a price a* in any other
 bouse in the city. The house it large and con
 venient; wiU hold comfortably seventy peraou-
 Families can have private rooms, and every atte*»-
 tion pan! to their comfoit. WM. P- POWELL.
 Mav 11,
 _
 DR. j. M’CL'NE SMITH, S 3, Wen Broad
 ly _
 \	ßri. PETTIT would respectfully inform her
 M Friends and the Poldie, that (he has removed
 trwu |5O to a com mod ions bouse No. I®, Church
 gutmt. whme (he wiU continue to entertain respect
 able colored persons with Board and lanJftng.
 Nca York, May 11, IH«9.
 ELLIS a POTTER’S Ready Made Clothing
 •itore, SI Canal Street, between Chnrch Strnrt
 I West Broadway, Ifsw York. AW— A Gsa
 ermlAssorunent of G««lesaea’» Furnishing Arucles,
 t’TETftwSr 1
BOSTON ADiEBTISEJIEATS.
HOME FOR REFORMERS.
 T*!IE mWribrr U« removed to that mwt, cou»e
 «*ui. and central hoarding-tome. No. 2i Centre
 Court, where he will he auU happy to drome some
 of the Krtruh of Reform, at reasonable charges
 He wothrj hi* bo*** in he the central place iu Bo*
 I'm, where the fri-nds of Temperance, rear*. Purity
 F'ltefa*. the Prienner. Ibr..may meet together,a—
 e*g”v a rotntariabie ami quiet home.
 Icntral Court ojea* at 238 Washington tttivi.
 JOHN* M SPF.AR
 Boston, Aug, 21, 1948.
BOBERT MORRIS, J*., Attomev and Conn
 selloc at Law, Bnirt'* Building. State Strees
 Erirtnn
JOHN D. REV A LEON, Hair lotting Bakrou
 mod Perfumery Emporium. 114. Plackets*
rIOMAS P. SMITH, No 3*. BnittV Street
 sign of the Golden Ball. \-w aa f Second
 band Clothing Store.
PBILABELFHIA ADVERTISEMTS.
tfnrral latflligfart Office.
 GEO. W. GOINE3 having oprim! an LuoLh
 ment at the Pun.ai&gt;t.i.rHia IsstlTCTI,
 I4mbard Street, above Seven’S, for th- purpose of
 procuring honest and faithful lotneuti' i tor those
 who may require them, ami obtaining place, for
 *urh as are qualified ami in want thereol, beg. leave
 to refer to the follow ing named gentlemen, who have
 kindly permitted the use of their namer at
 amßtsctt:
 Anorew M’Makin Editor of ihe American Courier
 Robert Morris, Editor of the Inquirer
 Jasper Harding, Publisher of the Inqmna
 Clmrles J- Petersou, Editor ol Neal’s Gar. tte
 Thus. B. Florence, Editor of Times and Keystone
 Robert Howell, 88, Chesnnt Street
 HiUiam J. Mullen, 278, Catherine Street.
 Philadelphia, Sept. 1, 1848. ly—36-
DR. D. J. PECK, Physician nod Surgeon, Phi
 ladelphia Institute," Lombard Street, above
 Seventh. _ ly—3B
jriHARLES JONFS, North Star Hou«e, No. 26,
 (j North Street, between Fifth and Sixth, and
 Market ami Arch streets, Philadelphia.
 Strangers visiting the city will find the North
 Star House the most central, convenient and com
 fortable House in Philadelphia.
 Philadelphia. Dec. I. 1848. ni49
Free Labor Woods,
 MANUFACTURED bv the American Free Pro
 duce Association, and for sale at No. 31, North
 Fifth-street, Philadelphia:
 Manchester Ginghams; Checks, Apron and Fur
 niture; Canton Flannel, unbleached; Muslin,
 blear lied and unbleached, of various qualities and
 width; thin Muslin for linings, brown and colored;
 Bird Eve Towels; black and white VVadding;
 Cotton Laps; Lamp Wick; Bed Ticking, an ex
 cellent article; Calico, Stockings, Knitting Cotton,
 &amp;c. &amp;c. e
 Orders for Goods, or letters desiring information,
 may be addressed to J. Miller McKira, 31, North
 Fifth-street; Daniel L. Miller, Tenth-street; or to
 James Mott, No. 35, Church Alley. _
 A large and handsome assortinent of Prints now
 on hand. j«l—0
Anti-Slavery Office,
 Ad. 31, North Fifth Street, Philadelphia.
 A FULL assortment of anti-slavery publication
 is kept constantly on hand. Also a handsom
 variety of miscellaneous publications, and usefu
 and Fancy Stationery.
 All letters relating to the business of the office
 to be directed to J. Miller McKim, 31, North
 Fifth-street, Philadelphia. jul—tl
y
 G, W, MERCHANT’S
 CELEBRATED
 GARGLING OIL.
 nil! HOR'KS iV. HOIAN FIXSH.J
I'NPARALLED IN THE HISTORY OF
 MEDICINE
 A 3 THE MOST
 Remarkable External Application
 Ever Discovered!
 TIME and experience have folly proved that this
 UNIVERSAL REMEDY has not its equal
 on the list of popular medicines, having been before
 the public for more titan fourteen year*. Testimo
 ny of the most disinterested character of its non
 derail effects on the animal economy is almost daily
 presented to the proprietor. If is worthy of spe
 cial remark, that beside the great and extraordinary
 powers in the cure of
 DISEASES OF THE HORSE,
 in which its virtues first attracted the attention of
 the Farrier and Farmer, and the wond*r «&gt;f the
 public generally, it has been successfully employed
 in a great variety of the maladies which
 AFFLICT THE HCM.\\ RACE.
 Ignorance of facts and philosophy, start at the
 assertion that any one remedy tan |sjesc-ss within
 itself the virtue of curing many diseases. Expert j
 ence of more titan fourteen year.- liav nevertheless
 established tlie fact, that Merchant's Celebrated,
 Gargling Oil, or Universal Family Embrocation,
 will cure most eases and relieve mk.li as tlie follow-j
 ing, among many others in tlie cure of which this
 Oil’has been completely successful and in which oth
 er pretended remedies have completely (ailed.
 RHEUMATISM, PAINFUL NERVOUS AF
 fections, Bites of Animals, Frost Bitei., Coma,
 Boils, Whitlows, Asthma, Bruises, Burns,
 and Scalds, Cramps, Strains, Sprain*.
 Ulcers from local causes, Caked
 Breasts, Contractions of tlie mus
 cles,Wounds, Swellings, &amp;c.
 Also a host of diseases
 in Horses and oilier
 animals,such as
 HP A VIXS,
 Sweenev,
 RING BOSE,
 Windgall, Poll Evil,
 Callous, Cracked Heels,
 Galls of all kinds,
 Fresh Wounds, Bruises,
 Fistula, Sitfast, Strains. Lameness,
 Sand Cracks, Foundered Feet, Scratches,
 OR GREASE, MANGE, FARCI, ift., tfc.
 Numerous are tlie unsolicited statements of pa
 tients themselves, and others who liave used the Oil,
 of cures which in themselves appear so remarkable
 that were they at all uncreated m a pecuniary point,!
 they could hardly have been credited.
 '(•he c«leb« a ted I&gt;r. Parker also writes as follows: r
 Dear Sir: I have prescribed your Gargl ng Oil in'
 various cases of
 PRACTICAL SLRGERY,
 as a liniment, with marked em cens, and woukl com
 mend Jt to phviiciaos generally for external u*e in,
 all contusions', tumors, sprains white swellings,
 and in all rheumatic affections, where external
 means are necessary. As a discutient, it is harin
 le-s where tlie febrile symptoms liave been reduced'
 bv iieM-ral treatment. In such cases, it is the most
 efficient remedy within the circle of means uow in
 Hefs
 I would also recommend it to community at Urge
 as a safe and puwerfnl remeify where there is no!
 general fever in all the above diseases, to be used j
 freely, and to counteract uiliauuuatioe in a remark
 able manner. In liruised wounds it prevenu swell
 ing, and consequent soreness in hot wenther.
 Front the peculiar nature of this Oil, ami the
 uuuaraftefed success it has met with in the bands of
 mTfARRIER, FARMER anA STAGE PRG
 PRIETftR, it i* but justice to nay, that of the
 great number of medicines which have been offered,
 rioae have been so well miapted to tlie prompt cure j
 of Disease* to which Horses are liable; it has teen
 very jatUy called a Complete Panacea for the Horse.
 Fur instance, read the lollaw mg
 TO OWNERS OF HORSES.
 This i* to certify that I have had for many years die
 care of from one Hundred to two hundred horse*,
 and have made use of Merciiant’s Garghug Oil for
 two year* past, and can safely say, that fot all the
 diseases tn.il horse* are liable to, I never saw its
 I use shoot one bottle per month, and re
 commend it to the public as the be*t medicine for
 horses now in use. E V MINOR.
 AH order* addressed to the propnetor will Ur
 promptly responded to.
 Get a pamphlet &lt;«f the Agent, and see whnt won
 ders are accomplished by the use of th*s medicine.
 Sold by respectable dealers generally in the l as
 led State* and Cnnmfe..
 Auoh Post It Willi*. Wm. Pirns, L. B
 Sw as, Wisiluw It Yotso, H. D. Wape,
 Rochester.
 H k E Gaylord, Henderson It Pander son, Cleve
 land, O.j G Ding It Sen, Colambna, Gordon
 At Israel, Cincinnati, O.; McClnre At Co, ABaay;
 Hollister It Co, Buffalo, Greeaman At Smith, I u
 ca; P D Orris It Co,Troy, NY. JuH l&gt; ffm.
 WM. H. TUPP, Merchant Tailor, MS BnmA
 way. Alto an exlenaire a wort meat rf Cravats,
 Stocks, Hosiery, Gloves, kc
 AftMT* P«A. 1), IMS.
SLQIS’g reLFM*.
 OO- An the omd sor* by W B mtrnm
 ■re »ld ~ai* 't fc w iH», Wi»s*«w k Vnut, Ro
 chester; S. Knrte*, Frankferi; A 9. Rair*to k
 Co., Vtwistom; T. k A. Frye. Brarkport; CaU4
 Nve, Pittrfird; W, WiHtam*, Buffalo .nd by
 no t druggist# tbroegbout the l.'anted (Hate*
 FAMILY OINTMENT.
 SLOAN’S OINTMENT I* tow oniTfmly nr
 know Weed to be an infalhlde remedy. ia every
 ra~* where it hat been faithfully •pfdmd oa the W
 maa *v«tetn. for promoting In*eu*tble Prrunrttiot.
 draw inf out the mMamma!on from wmmmd, re
 lie* ing pain of every kind, mad ia it* kealiaf ffnab
 itea the world doe* not prodor* it* eqaal, **l the
 public (irorwmacc it the rhea pert aad he*t Family
 Ointment that ha* rrer hem need. AH diseere# &lt;x
 the Fle*h, (Hwt-aate I'leera, Old Sores, CbdMninn,
 Sore Throat, Burn*. Cm*, Cutaaroa*
 Sore N ipnier, Sore Bream*. Disease* ot the Eye,
 Ague in tl*e face, side. hack, arvi the other part* of
 the i;&lt;tr«, BoiW, Cleerp, Scald Head. Braiaeu,
 Fresh Wound*, ami every kind of acre* containing
 the least particle of inflammation are permanently
 ctirrd bv this great remedy.
 W B. SIOAN,
 Grind Depot, 40 I-ake at., Chicago, lU.
wt can’t GET ALONG WITHOCT it.
 Burt's Gnoti, Will Co.. 18., f
 October 24, IMS
 Ml. Si.&lt;&gt;* n—Sir: 1 have tested die virtue of
 your Ointment in the cure of rattlesnake bites, aorv
 throat, burn*, ami many other injuries, and in every
 case it lias surpassed our expectations. A* a Fami
 !y Ointment 1 have nerer seen it* ci{tnl, and k&gt;r
 beasts vt can’t get along without it.
 Yours, fco.,
 MILES .M. JOHNSON.
EXCELLENT OINTMENT.
 M*. Stoa.v—Dear Sir: For a considerable
 length of time 1 wa* seriously afflicted with the
 Rheumatic complaint, and applied freely the various
 liniments, pain-killers. fcc M without obtaining any
 relief. After which your agent at thu place influ
 enced me to Ira your Ointment, and within two
 week* from the time I commenced using it. the pain
 ceased, ami I wa* effectually cured awl shall re
 commend all who are similarly afflicted with the dis
 tressing complaint, to procure your excellent oint
 ment without deUv, Resp’v vours,
 Oscar f. mott.
 Princeville, Peoria co., HI., May 1, ’lB.
A FINGER BITTEN ENTIRELY OFF*}
 Two Miles Sooth of Chicago,
 Sept. 14, 1848.
 Hit. Slo an— Sir: On die Bth inst. my son had a
 finger bitten entirely off by a horse. W e immedi
 atelv applied your Ointment *hic»i re
 lieved him of pain in a few minute*, and prevented
 die finger from swelling flic lea*t particle, and the
 wound is now healing rapidly.
 Respectfully vours.
 9. ROCKWAY.
A PRIME ARTICLE.
 Are any afflicted with pains, bruise*,cuts or sore*
 of any kind 1 Let them read W. B. Sloan’s ad
 vertisement in another column. We believe this
 ointment to lie a prime article for any thing ot the
 kind and no humbug. Try a little ot it lietbre you
 suffer any longer. It can lie had at nearly all the
 stores iu this place.—[Knox Intelligencer.
 THE BEST AND CHEAPEST
 HORSE MEDICINE
 IN THE WORLD.
SLOAN’S OINTME-NT
 AND
 CONDITION POWDER
 HAVE EARNED A GREAT NAME.
 For Purity, Mildness, Na/*V. C*rf«mfy
 n,ul Thoroughness SIJJAD A
 OINTMENT Excels,
 And is rapidly superseding all other Ointment* and
 Liniments*now in u*e for the cure of the foUow.ng
 di Fra‘.h Wound*, Galls of all kind. Sprains,
 Bruises, Cracked Heels, Ringbone, W.ndgads. Poll
 Evil, Callus, Spavins, Sweeney, Fistula, S.tfas
 Strain*, Lameness, Sand Crack.*, Foundered reel.
 Scratclies or Grease, Mange and Horn Distemper.
 The Powdv.R will remove all inflammation ami
 fever, purify the blood, loosen the skin, cleanse the
 water, and strengthen every part of the body; and
 has proved a sovereign remedy for the following
 Distemper, Hide-bound, Lais* of Appetite, In*
 ward Strains, Yellow Water, Inflammation of tile
 Eve*, Fatigue from hard exercise. Also, Rheuma
 tism, (commonly called stiff complaint,) which
 proves so fatal to many valuable horses in this
 country. It is also a safe and cert in remedy for
 couuhs and cold*, which generate so many fatal dia-
 Cits W. B. SLOAN,
 Grand D»‘|ku,4o Lake st.,Chicago, Illinois.
EXTRACT F ROM THE “GALENA NORTH-WESTER*
 gazette.”
 By the use of Sloan’s Ointment nnd (Condition
 Powder, I have entirely cured a Fistula on my
 horse, ami otherwise improved Ins condition more
 than 500 per cent, on the cost of the medicine. Ami
 a cow which was so feeble a-, to I* considered
 worthless by mvtelf and neighbors, was restored to
 good health aiul strength by the use of less than hall
 a oaekaze of the powder, and is now doing better
 than any other cow I have. WM. VIX'LNT.
 Small fox, May 13,1848.
POPULAR OPIMION.
 If popular opinion is any criti rion of die north
 of an article, we invite the incredulous to read at
 leaat a few of fla- many voluntary certificates which
 appear in our eoluiuns respecting die great variety
 ot remarkable cures effected by the use of Sloan’#
 Celebrated Ointment and Condition Powder.”
 These remedies no longer remain among those of
 doubtful utility; tiiey have passed from die tide of
 experiment, and now stand higher in reputation, and
 are becoming more extensively used than all other
 articles of the kind.—[Michigan City News.
the hale has not been told.
 Fox Rivek, June 12, ’4B.
 Dr. Sloan —Dear Sir: Please send by the bear
 er a new supply of your Horse Medicine#. They
 are the best articles of the kind that 1 Wave ever
 used, never having been disappointed in dieir effeet
 as I have been in the use of other, even die most
 celebrated Ointments, Liniments, fcc.,oftlie day.
 I like very much this feature in them, vu: that they
 do all dial is promised, and upon a thorough trial,
 one is constrained to add that “hall has not m-u
 M ULULEV
THE DII’PERENCE.
 The ordinary Ointments ami Liniments, it is well
 known, are severe and partial in their operation.
 Bloan’s Ointment is mild, yet Uiocough—»l reaches
 ami removes the came, beuce it give* real and per
 manent relief.
 For purity, mildness, safety, certainty, and thor
 oogbneiw, Bloan’s Ointment excels, and is rapidly
 ruper.eding all other ointments and linimenU now
 muse. _ m t Me
 good NEWS.
 Chicago, Jan. 9th, 1849.
 W. B. MtOAR —Sir One of my horse*»u bool
 bound and also wounded in the *tifle, in which he
 took cold, and became *o crippled that he could
 scarcely travel. By the free application of your
 valualAe Ointment, bis hoof* were soon softened and
 the stiAe |&lt;ermaoently cured.
 I tiave also used the Ointment in the case of Poll
 Lvd and on severe gall* with equal success.
 On a mashed huger that was very |«ainfui it op
 erated like a charm. Your*, k
 A. VAN ORDEN.
KXIBAUAUINAtY CIAA.
Four mile* north of Chicago, (on row/! to i 1
 Mdwauki*,)Cook ro., 111., Apsil 18, ’4B- y
 Ml Sloa.s— S&gt;r: On* of my hor*e* had a
 large bony Tumor on bis tmil bone, immediately
 under tie rolUr, which lamed hun and rendered
 services ot verv little value. 1 faithfully •PP***J
 several bottle, of Dr Taylor’* Nerve ami Bo*
 l-iaiinent, without the least benefit.
 cured Wilder’. Celebrated Hove '/’"T'!*’ u
 never relieve the animal. f
 box ut jnm «o», alwabfc
 than 60 day* t* m the h"t w^|.
 d JSTT 4 Ti&gt;‘maKl» AKJLBTRO.NO
 tNTCLLIGfNCf.
 t 4 tar eontMrv where Staaa
 l 1 undsiwm Powdar" hnva baaa
 pruprirtof has received the must
 Lh«&gt;' reatarkable effect aa
 a r«w.h—dTuf ouKaanrs, they have
 f T2llob*d diaeaar* which had baMad Um skill
 Farrier*, and wet# cnasidarwd iwcurw
 li- Thrsn asedicaa* xre raprdly rnMnadsaf aM
 otjMr i aow i# am, fee dimard haraaa aad
