Poet r b
From the People's Journal
 THE BATTLE OF CHANGE
 »T CWAAT.r* tuciit, n
Qntt thought* are heaving in wide
 bmn; t _,
 Thr Time i* with a mighty birth;
 TV old idea* fail-
 wnnJer up and down in wild intent;
 A *rnee of change preparing for tV Earth,
 Bro**l* over all.
 There lie* gloom on all thing* under heaeeo
 A gloom portentoua to the quiet men.
 Who see no joy in being driven
 Onward* from change, «**er to change again;
 Wh i never walk but on the beaten way*,
 And love the breath of yesterday*;—
 Men who woold rather nit an t ileep
 Where •uoheamt through the met creep,
 Each at bia door post ah alone,
 Heedlet* of near or distant warn,
 Than wake and listen to the moan
 Of storm-vexed forest*, nodding to the stars—
 Or hear, far off, the melancholy roar
 Of billows, wht e with wrath, battling against the
 shore-
Deep on then troubled touts the shadow lies;
 And in that shadow come and go,
 While fitful lightnings write upon the skies,
 And mystic voices chaunt the coming woe,
 Titanic phantoms swathed in mist and flame
 The mighty shapes ef tiling* without a name,
 Mingling with forms more palpably defined,
 That wiiitl and dance like leaves upon the wind;
 Then, marshalling in long array their hosts,
 Rush forth to b.ittle in a clou i-like land,
 'i hick phalanxes! on those far aerial coast?,
 As ewarm the locust* plaguing Samarcand.
 Oh who would live, they cry, in time like this*
 A time of conflict fierce and trouble strange;
 When old ami new, over a dark abyss,
 Figiit the great battle of relentless change'
 And still before their eyes discrowned kings,
 Desolate chiefs, and aged priests forlorn,
 Flit by—confused—with all incongruous tilings,
 Swooping in rise and fall on ponderous wings—
 hile here and there, amid a golden light,
 Angelic faces, sweet as summer mom,
 hirii gleam an instant ere extinguished quite,
 Or change to stony skulls, and spectres livid white
But not to me—oh, not to me appears
 Kternal gloom! 1 see a brighter sky,
 1 feel the healthful motion of the sphere;
 And, lying down upon the grass, I hear
 Far, far away, yet drawing near,
 A low, sweet sound of ringing melody;
 I see the swifi-winged arrows fly;
 I see the battle and the combatants;
 I know the cause fot which their weapons flash;
 1 hear ti e martial music and the chants,
 Tti shock of hosts, the armor clash,
 A* thought meets thought; but far beyond I see,
 Adown the abysses of the Time to be,
 The well-won victory of the Right;
 The laying dow r n of useless swords aud spears;
 The reconcilement ardently desired
 Of Universal Trcth and Might,—
 Whose long estrangement, filling earth with tearr,
 Gave every manly heart, divinely fired,
 A lingering love, a hope inspired,
 To reconcile them, never moie to sunder.
 Far, far away above iltv rumbling thunder,
 1 see the splendor of another day.
 Ever since infant Time began,
 There has Ven darkness over man:
 It rolls and shrivels up! It melts away!
From the Dollar Newspaper.
 MARTIAL GLORY.
 Oh! meteor, whose delusive beams
 But glitter brightly to betray,
 Misleading with thy dazzling gleams
 The steps of many far astray;
 Oh! guiding star of many a heart,
 1 view- thee as thou truly art—
 A wup, which glimmers through the gloom
 That rests upon the gaping tomb.
 The gaudy flag w hich proudly streams
 Within the morning’s golden beams.
 Or flutters through the crimson mist
 Which veils the battle on its flight,
 Seeming to those who still exist,
 The beacon of the bloody fight—
 The spWndi I uniforms which make
 But brigluer nt irks for blade and ball—
 The strain* of melody which wake
 A courage in the hearts of all,
 And leads the soldier, faint with pain,
 O’er bodies of his comrades slain,
 All heedless of the whizzing shot
 That fi.Hs around him fast and hot—
 The medals and the flamiug star*
 I hou hangest on the veteran’s scars,
 Those toys for which the grown-up child
 Risks life and limb, by thee beguiled.
 Thou dost enwreath hy votaries’ brows
 With laurels which I envy not,
 For they were gathered from those boughs
 W bich grew upon some mournful spot,
 hose soil was ploughed hy cannon balls,
 And watered by the stream which falls
 From bleeding wounds, while through the cloud
 Of sulphurous smoke which thundered loud,
 1 h* bullets, with resistless power,
 W ere b ulmg their destructive shower.
 Oh! I would live and die alone,
 If such should be the will of God,
 And unlamented and unknown,
 Repose beneath the tumbles* sod,
 And leave no memory en the earth
 To ted t* i future I had birth,
 Like some lost billow, of whose sweep
 No vestige lingers on the on tile deep,
 Rather than wear around my name,
 Tnat infamy which men call fame—
 -1 hat red renown which stums the page
 Of history with the lives of those
 ho, demon-like, :u every age,
 Have filled the earth with warfare's woe*.
HOPE ON!
 *V TH C 01)0 It E a OOVLV.
 Hop* on’ how oft (he darken night
 Precede* the cleaiest t i«&gt;!
 Oh, f\uid thy *oul from sorrow's flight—
 Cloud* may obacura the day-god 1 light.
 Yet .hine. it (till a* clear and bright
 Wbeu they have p* t -ed twa
 Hope on’ though Disappointment's Hnig*
 Above tby path shall soai;
 Though SI .nder drive her rankling #tin v,
 Though Malice all her venom bun’s,
 Though festering dart* Detraction flings
 Stsll must the storm prt.s o‘ei.
 If .lav* to poverty thou art,
 Bern bravely with thy lot;
 Though keen tier galling chains may smart,
 Strive .till to rend their link* apart;
 Hope 6o* for the despamng heart
 God surely loveth not
 Hope os' hope on' though dreai and dark
 Thy future ruay appear:
 The sailor in bit storur tossed bark
 Sull guide* the helm, ami hopes to rumk.
 Amid the gloom, some beacon spark.
 Hi* dangerous way to clierr.
 'though wealth take wmgr, or friends forsake,
 Be not by grief opprest;
 Stern winter binds widi ice the lake,
 Bui gemai spring its bands shall break;
 Hope on’ a firmer purpose take,
 And Ware to Ovd the real
0c 1 t ctio n 0.
THE CIIIHESE.
 We extract the following from a new
 and interesting work, entitled The
 Canton Chinese, or an American's So
 journ in the Celestial Empire”:
 The summer dress of the common
 orders is simple in the extreme; the
 eternal jacket is looped almost invaria
 bly over the light breast, with little
 gilded balls, and the pantaloons being
 made very large at the middle as well
 as below, they dexterously wreath a
 portion around the waist, confining it
 by folds, instead of following the bar
 barous custom of wearing suspenders.
 The dresses are of blue cotton, or a
 stuff resembling coarse crash.
 Those who are thus attired seldom
 wear stockings or shoes, but in rainy
 weather they invest themselves with
 high heeled slippers, that clatter on the
 pavement like the sabots of the French
 peasantry.
 Their enormous summer hats, of
 strips of bamboo, are six feet or more
 in circumference, forming a striking
 feature in the laborers' costume.
 The females of the same rank wear
 them also, and at a short distance in the
 fields it is difficult to distinguish them
 from tha men. But the dress of the la
 borer, however common or ugly it may
 be, resembles little that of tne higher
 classes of citizeus or civil officers.—
 The great heat of six months of the
 year compels all persons to adopt as
 light a garment as possible, and this is
 no doubt one of the many causes of the
 general good health of the Chinese
 their dresses admitting of a perfect de
 velopment of their limbs.
 A blue or brown silk gown, long and
 flowing, leaving the neck bare; short
 breeches tied at the knees; stockings
 and shoes make up the ordinary cos
 tume. But think not, reader, that by
 stockings are meant those knit and
 close fitting articles of German nr Eng
 lish importation, with which we asso
 ciate the name of hose; oh no, those of
 a Chinese gentleman are of woven
 cotton, gartered with blue ribbon, and
 set loosely in a series of green wrinkles.
 These are introduced not into highly
 polished boots, but thrust into clumsy
 shoes of cloth, or Batin, or variegated
 velvet, with enormous soles.
 The fan is indispensable, for in sum
 mer the caps of the respectable portions
 of the community are doffed, and their
 bare heads would be unsheltered from
 the sun, were it not for the use of these
 graceful articles, which are held in the
 right hand over the head. Often it is
 elegantly embroidered, painted with
 figu les and landscapes, or inscribed
 with a maxim from Confucius. In the
 w’arin months the grass cloth, for which
 the Chinese are justly celebrated, is
 also used extensively for dresses, and
 the light, cool material appears to great
 advantage on the person of a gentle
 man.
 One of the most elegant of the Chi
 nese that I ever saw was a tea mer
 chant, and from the style of his dress,
 its fineness of texture, and the polished
 demeanor of the man, it was evident to
 the mo6t heedless observer that the
 exquisito existed in China as well as
 elsewhere.
 Over an under garment of figured
 silk, flowed this graceful grass-cloth
 toga, looped with gilded balls; and ai
 the right breast was suspended a flilh
 purse «inbroidered with pearls; a bril
 liant fan case hung at the left side, and
 as a counterpart, a watch and worked
 pouch appeared upon the right. A
 grass-cloth handkerchief, the finest ol
 China’s loom, was held in the leli
 hand, which was in itself beautified
 by nails of several inches growth; the
 other waved a gorgeous fun. The
 stockings were snowy white, and the
 shoes were black satin.
 His face was remarkably handsome,
 and more expressive than the general
 countenance of his race; the pointed
 jet moustaches were the admiration ol
 all the foreign clerks of Canton; and
 his fine long tail, descending nearly to
 his feet, was an especial object of envy
 to his countrymen.
 The dresses which we have given a
 description of, are well adapted for a
 burning climate, and are worn till quite
 late in the autumn.
 But towards November, when in the
 square, the broad ensign of America
 waves in the blast of the north-west
 monsoon, there is a universal and si
 multaneous change in the costumes.
 The chief officer of the province puts
 on a winter dress, assumes the skull
 cap, with its scarlet button, and all the
 inferior millions follow his example.—
 The appearance of the low orders is
 little changed, but in the upper the dif
 ference is very perceptible.
 The loose gown is now drawn at the
 waist, by a sash with fringed ends
 hanging down behind; and over this is
 worn a large cape of figured silk or
 cloth, but usually of furs.
 A mantle made from the skin of a
 lamb taken from its mother before birth,
 is very highly prized. Now it is that
 the fan case, watch and purse, are
 seen to the best advantage, and the
 blue cap and scarlet button give that
 finish to the winter garments, which
 those of the summer require for beauty.
 None but goverment officers wear hats
 during the hot season, except those la
 borers who are exposed to the sun.
 The summer habits of the mandarins
 are beautiful. Frequently they wear a
 long gown of blue gauze., drawn at the
 waist, black satin boots, and the decor
 ated appendages before mentioned,
 which make altogether a very striking
 show; their hats are then of white
 braid, conical in shape, surmounted
 with a ball indicative of rank, and
 adorned w ith a falling plume of shining
 scarlet hair.
 During the winter, their state robes
 are stiff with gorgeous embroidery.—
 1 hose ol the highest mandarins are
 splendid in the extreme, being worked
 m brilliant hues on superb silks of the
 finest texture. Their shoes are orna
 mented also, one of the onncipal fig
 ures being the imperial dragon.
 n ,iie i b ck arul breast of »«&gt;me
 dresses is the figure of a bird enclosed
 and lhc ‘“cklace of one
 h "2.“ d gb beads
 of bright .gat, qua**, or
 fumed wood, al.a„ accompanied a
 atate co«ume The mandarin*
 cap is utterly different from that of the
summer. It is usually or dark blue
 velvet, fitting close to thebhad, with
 broad edge turning up all around, and
 instead of the hair plume, it is furnished
 with one of scarlet silk
 The ball, always worn except in case
 of mourning, is red, blue, white crystal
 or gold, according to rank, and these
 varieties, with some other insignia, dis
 tinguish the nine grades of mandarins.
 The peacock's feather is an honor
 granted for signal merit, and it is
 worthy of note that such marks of fa
 vor are seldom or never bestowed un
 less well deserved. The privilege of
 wearing a state dress may indeed be
 purchased for an immense sum, but this
 confers no rank nor honor. The aris
 tocracy of talent and not of wealth
 bears sway in China.
 Judging from a few specimens of
 splendor to be seen in a city so remote
 from the court as Canton, there must
 be a vast deal of wealth and magnifi
 cence at the capital, and the accounts
 of old travellers, as well as of later em
 bassies, speak of state and pomp w orthy
 of so immense an empire.
 Never was there a country in which
 tailors have been so completely sub
 dued as in China. Not one of the
 class ventures to originate a fashion,
 for the costumes of the nation are regu
 lated at court by a board of officers,
 from whose decrees no one dares to
 dissent.
 The common order of the females
 dress much like the men, but the visitor
 who walks from the western factories
 towards the western part of Canton,
 passing through retired streets only oc
 cupied by the houses of wealthy Chi
 nese, will often see the ladies walking
 beautifully attired in rich silks, and
 with children or servants in company.
 Their dress conceals the person en
 tirely; the long gown or toga fits close
 around the neck, and has loose sleeves
 enveloping the hands.
 Their heads are uncovered, and their
 style of coiffure is singular and usually
 thought becoming.
 The front hair of unmarried females
 is combed straight hack, with the ex
 ception of the small portion hanging
 over the forehead.
 The other portion of the hair is
 combed and braided into a tail like the
 men’s, but no part of the female head is
 shaved.
 When married, or shortly before, the
 whole hair is combed up, and a false
 piece set on the back of the head,
 fastened by clasps and pins of gold, oi
 other less precious material, according
 to the wealth of the fair one. A beau C
 tiful ornament is sometimes worn by
 rich women, representing a bird with
 extended wings, which, formed of golc
 or silver filagree, studded with pearls
 and supported by light wires, trembling
 with the slightest motion,seems to hovei
 over the head of the lady.
 What need of the long wide panta'
 loons of the Chinese ladies? To con
 ceal their feet? They have none foi
 service, and hobble along more awk
 wardly than a child first learning tc
 walk. Soon as the female ehild is born,
 its feet are enclosed with shoes anc
 bound firmly round and round, so that
 no growth can ensue. Nature, en
 deavoring to have its way, can onlj
 produce exquisite torture, os each
 tempt proves useless.
 How these females ever learn to stunt
 or move is strange, yet, as we have ob
 served, they may sometimes he seen it
 the streets, supporting their trembling
 limbs with a staff.
 Models in clay of the contracted feet,
 painted flesh color, and set into shoes ol
 the same size as those actually worn,
 are sold in Canton as curiosities.
 The large toe fits into the point oi
 the shoe, and the others, instead of be
 ing in their natural position,are jammec
 and driven into the side of the foot, ap-
 I pearing one directly behind the other
 It is as though the foot was cut off jusi
 below the ancle joint, and the stuim
 sharpened to a point.
 The custom is exclusively Chinese
 and is not followed even by the Mau
 chou Tartars, who, being the last
 Asiatic conquerors of China, have
 adopted many of its customs,and whose
 emperor nuw wields his despotic scep
 tre over one half of the human race.
 The sexes in China Jive mostly apart
 The women are uneducated generally
 Some of the courtezans of the cities
 are well taught and skilled in luxurious
 and fascinating accomplishments, and
 among others they sing and play upon
 musical instruments. Brothers and sis
 ters, after a certain age, bid good bye
 to each other, and though they meet of
 course, in the bosom of the family,
 they have little social intercourse!
 The Chinese husband goes out into the
 world and attends to his business, and
 amuses himself as lie pleases, but the
 wife must stay at home and be content
 ed to eat separately, and attend to her
 children; or if her husband is rich,
 dress in fine style and make her female
 neighbors cry their eves out with envy.
 Polygamy is sanctioned, and yet a
 tnan loses caste in some degree for
 every additional wife he takes, and
 should he venture on half a dozen his
 friends would cut him.
 An old compradure was telling me
 once about his domestic felicity. He
 said, I hab got one wife, one old ting
 good lor noting.’
 i T L ,e j W on Vou marr v another:*
 good h no; said l*e, -t»- 0 no
 A great point m Chinese happiness
 is the number ol children the fortunate
 man may boast of. The principle they
 go upon is ,n the word, of Shake
 »peare, Ibe world must be peopled
 A man with half a dozen sin, is
 wealthy, but w,in,he same number of
 daughters, Ins porerty .9 a general
 subject of pity I„ .peaking of hi, off.
 spring, one will sometimes sav that lie
 has three children, and if you ask ,f
 any are daughters, he will answer yes
 tour, meaning seven in all, ihough he
 does not consider the girls worth men
 tioning.
 Should the wife prove childless, he
 eagerly seizes the opportunity of putting
 her aside and marrying another
 The manners of the Chinese espe
 cially those of the middling and upper
 classes are very pleasing to a stran
 ger. The low laborers are brutish
 enough, but among the better classes
 a gentility of manners is strikingly ap
 parent. 3 r
 Wbeu you meet a Chinese gentle
 man, he folds his hands and shakes them
at you, saying, chin, chin, words of the
 Canton-Chinese-Anglo jargon, signify
 ing welcome, or thank you,or farewell,
 according to the occasion.
 If your visit is one of ceremony, he
 is careful to keep his cap on while you
 uncover, and seat you of course on his
 IcA hand.
 He is so courtier like, that he will not
 touch the 'hair a moment before you,
 and if he perceives that he is doing so,
 he instantly rises a little. Then, per
 haps, he treats vou to sweetmeats and
 tea. The tea is always delicious. It
 is not contaminated by cream and su
 gar; he would not condescend to such
 a barbarous custom. There are no
 saucers for cups to stand upon, but you
 will see that they are on the top'of the
 cup, to keep in the aroma ot the clear
 amber colored beverage.
A MAN WHO NEVER SAW' A
 WOMAN.
 From Visits to Monasteries in the
 Levant,” a very entertaining book of
 travels by Robert Cruzen, we make the
 following extract:
 He was a magnificent looking man
 of thirty-five years of age, with large
 eyes and long black hair and oeard.—
 As we sat together in the evening in
 the ancient room, by the light of one
 dim brazen lamp, with deep shades
 thrown across his face and figure, I
 thought he would have made an ad-
 I mirable study for Titian or Sebastian
 j del Piombo In the course of conver
 sation, I found that he had learned
 Italian from another Monk, having nev
 er been out of the penisular of Mount
 Athos. His parents, and most of the
 inhabitants of the village where he was
 born —somewhere in Korneiia, but its
 name or position he did not know'—had
 been massacred during some revolt or
 disturbance. So he had been told, but
 he remembered nothing about it; he
 had been educated in a school in this
 or one of the other monasteries, and
 his whole life had been passed on the
 Hole Mountain; and this, he said, was
 the case with very many other monks.
 He did not remember his mother, and
 did not scein quite sure that he ever
 had one; he had never seen a Woman,
 nor had he any idea what sort of things
 women were, or what they looked like.
 He asked me whether they resembled
 the pictures of the Panagia, the Holy
 Virgin, which hang in every church.
 Now those who are conversant with the
 representations of the Blessed Virgin
 in the pictures of the Greek Church,
 which are all exactly alike, stiff*, hard
 and dry, without any appearance of life
 or emotion, will agree with me that
 they do not afford a very favorable idea
 of the grace or beauty of the fair sex;
 and that there was a difference of ap
 je arance between black women. Cir
 cassians, and those of other nations,
 which was how r ever difficult to describe
 to one who had never seen a lady of
 any race. He listened with great in
 terest while I told him that all women
 were not exactly like the picture he had
 seen; hut 1 did not think it charitable
 to carry on the conversation farther,
 although the poor monk seemed to have
 a strong inclination to know more of
 that interesting race of beings from
 whose society he had been so entirely
 debarred. I often thought afterwards!
 of the singular lot of that manlv and
 noble looking monk; whether he is still'
 a recluse, either in the monastery or in
 his mountain farm, with its little moss
 grown chapel, as ancient as the days of
 Constantine; or whether he has gone
 out into the world, and mingled with!
 its pleasures and its cares.”
Reasons for Learning to Sing.—
 m. Byrde, a celebrated musician of
 the Elizabethan era, endeavors, in the
 preface to his edition of Psaulmes,
 i Sonettes, St, Songes of Sadnesse and
 Pietie,” (published in 159 f?,) by the
 following reasons whose amusing
 quaintness deprives them not in the
 least of their sound sense—to induce
 i persons to learn to sing:
 Reasons brielie sett downe by ye
 auctor to persuade everie one to Jearne
 to singe.
 1. It is a knowledge easilie taught
 and quicklie learned, when there is a
 I good master and an apte scholar.
 2. Ihe exercise of singinge is de
 lightfulle to nature, and good to pre
 serve heaithe of man.
 3. It dothe strengthene all partes of
 ye hearte and doth open ye pipes.
 4. It is a singular good remedie for
 a stutteringe and stammeringe in ye
 speeche.
 i 5. It is the beste means to preserve
 a perfecte pronunciation and to make a
 good orator.
 6. It is the only waye to knowe
 where nature hath bestowed ve bene
 fytte of a goode voice; which gifte is
 rare, yet there is not ainongste a thou
 sande yt hath if, and in inanie, yt e.\-
 cellente gifte is loste, because they
 wante an arte to expresse nature.
 7. There is not any musicke of in
 struments whatsoever comparable to yt
 which is made of ye voices of men,
 w here ye voices are good and ye same
 well sorted and ordered.
 8. 1 he better ye voice is, the meeter
 it is to honor and serve God therewith,
 and ye voice of man is chiefle to be
 employed toe yt end— Omni s apirihis
 laudie Dominion.
 Since is see good a iliiiige,
 I wish a Ike men ivoulde learoc toe sin?
Cholera Fears. —A curious ex
 periment was recently tried in Russia
 with some murderers. They were
 placed, without knowing it, in four beds
 where lour persons had died ot' the
 cholera. They did not take the dis
 ease. They were then told they were
 to sleep in beds where some persons
 had died of malignant cholera, but the
 beds were in fact new, and had
 not been used at all. Nevertheless,
 three of them died of the disease with
 in four hours. We state this upon the
 authority of the London Medical
 Times.
Mr. late celebrated Irish
 advocate was walking one day with a
 friend, who was extremely punctilious
 in his conversation. Hearing a person
 near him say courosity, he exclaimed,
 ‘‘How that man murders the Eng
 lish language.’*
 “Not so bad,” replies Curran, “lie
 has OXLf KNOCKED AN I OUT!”
 The Yellow Fever is raging at Ha
 vana with great mortality.
“Ever* Han bis Fbysiclai/’
 THE HOME DOCrOR.
 JUST PmUSIIED, a aew m*!
 for every family in the ram itry. «nd th* l m *s
 be consulted with perfect safety- A* it# title page
 indioitM, it ia *'THE HOME fHECTOR f &lt;&gt;r Family
 Manual, giving the causes, itAfKiW a **l fwie-itt
 wf Diseases; with an account ot lb** syitrui while in
 health, and rule-s fur preserving li*t Appen
 ded to which arc recipe- for making various medi
 cines and article! for dirt for the **ek room. The
 whole written for genera! «9C an*! daily practice. f&gt;y
 John B. Newman. M. |i."
 Alto, accompany r&gt;g thin bn k, **r separate, i*
 “THE HERB BOOK, a l*x»h devoted exclusively
 to Herb-, giving their name*, varieties, description,
 medical properties and dove#, ove, time of fathering,
 and many otlier directions very useful for every fam
 ily to know, and written expressly for family u*e.’
 Tie* Herb Book is devote*! solely to Popular Mr
 t.il Botany, and will furnish on tint point a!! tlie
 nesiretl information wanted for general nse.”
 Tlie two h»ik« are put 'ip ami bound together am!
 contain 200 page?, price 25 cents, or sola separate
 at 12J cents.
 Tin* symptoms of enclt disease are carefully given
 so mat ouc may be recognised from anotl,er, to phi*
 vent practising in the dark; also the treatment .g
 sketch of general physiology, and rules tor keepser
 in health, together with observations on tlie.rflausoe,
 means of avoiding deleterious influences, and snuc
 other remarks a« are deemed appropriate, tor
 me i.V and frmalf.
 Tlie fo&gt;ok has leen written with great care, in a
 plain, simple, common-sense sty le easily to lie im
 derstoo*! b\ every person, an*! by a practical
 cian and a thorough liotaiiist. M e can recommend
 it w ith eulire confidence, as being a work superior
 iu all respects to any oilier Imok of tin* kind ever
 published at die price.
 Families in the country, and especially those liv
 ing in new countries and unhealthy elimates, should
 not fail to procure a copy and have it at all times at
 hand, in case of sickness as they might thereby by
 some simple remedy save an expensive and prolrac
 ted doctors bill. Whether well or sick, such a liook
 should be in every house as 3 safe and sure adviser
 in time of need, the direction given for persons in
 liealth cannot lie too strictly attended to by all.
 The price at which the book is sold is so low that
 every family may have a copy, and noue should
 without it.
 Tlie book is put up in Paper binding, and ran
 ea?ilv be sent by mail. Postage only t&gt;4 cents to any
 aart of the l nited States.
 (0* Any perron sending its une dollar by mail, and
 pnd paving postage on the letter, shall have four
 Copies sent him frtr of post ac r
 Send in your orders?., there is no ri?k in sending
 money bv mail, it comes to us daily, and tbe looks
 always reach th'ir destination.
 families can club together and rend a
 dollar bill, and have four books sent to one address.
 WASTED —Agents in most of the States to sell
 this work, almost every family will purchase it it
 carried to their doors. A small capital of from £2O
 to £5O will be necessary for each agent. Addles*,
 voxt pmd, GEO. VV. FISHEK,
 April 1,1819. 6 Exchange-st, Rochester, N. V
 NORTHAMPTON WATER CURE.
 ELECTRICITY A HYDROPATHY.
 THE important principle? ofCutaneou? Electricity,
 the discovery of which by the undersigned, has
 opened so w ide a field for scientific and physiological
 investigation, though ridiculed and opposed at its
 first announcement in 18-1-1, by medical and profes
 sedly scientific men, being now sustained by eminent
 men of philosophic and scientific knowledge, and by
 tlie experience and testimony of thousands, who have
 tested his theory by examinations in their ow n cases,
 the undersigned is confident that this principle ol
 natural and physiological law needs only to lie un
 derstood to lie justly appreciated by an intelligent
 and investigating public.
 Sustained by such testimony, and more than five
 years’ practiraf experience as a Diagnosian and Hy
 -1 dropatiiist, the undersigned would here repeat the
 conulusion- at which he has arrived by the sense ol
 touch. Ist. That the human body, in a healths
 condition, is iu a positive tUctricnl stair. 2d. That
 there are electrical emanations from the euticlar
 surface, indicative of health, or the nature and
 symptoms of disease. 3d. That in all case-- where
 the wrist, stomach, or lungs, are iu .111 electro-posi
 tive state, (however distnrlied.) there is hope of a
 cure; but when the parts of the body alluded to ate
 in the electro-negative state, Hydropathy can afford
 no relief.
 Had not the results of hi&amp; practice already con
 vinced the public of the truthfulness of the principles
 by which the undersigned is governed, in detecting
 the nature and symptoms of disease, the recent pl«i
 losophical and scientific demonstration of their cor
 i redness, by *Professor Means, of Georgia, and Mr.
 I 1 lleinmer, of England, and the facts and corroliora
 tive testimony adduced by l)r. Forbes, Mr. Smee,
 and others, should I* sufficient to convince the most
 sceptical.
 Gratefully appreciating the credit so generously
 awarded for his success as a Diagnostic and Hy
 dropathic Practitioner, by a discerning public, and
 tlie gratitude evinced by those w hom he has had the
 pleasure to relieve of their complaints, the under
 signed will endeavor to merit tlie *•01111(101100 of all
 who may afford him an opportunity to effect a cure,
 by his vi rginal and philosophical method of practice.
 The Northampton Water Cure i- pleasantly situ
 ated near Bensonville, on the we.it bank of larking
 Water, or Mill River, about two and a half miles
 from tlie centre of the town. It is conveniently
 arranged, w ith parlors, separate bathing and dress
 ing-rooms, for Ladies and Gentlemen, well venti
 lated and conveniently furnished lodging rooms',and
 a variety of baths, abundantly supplied with water,
 which, for purity, and adaptedne-s to water-cure
 f 1 im poses, is unsurpassed by that ofanv other e?tab
 ishrnent in tlii- country. A new and commodious
 builuitig has ju.-l Keen completed, containing a spa
 cious dining ball, and pleasant lodging rooms, which,
 with the main building, w ill accommodate from 50
 to 60 patients. V viniiasiuin connected with the
 establishment, affords an agreeable and hetlthful
 indoor exercise. The scenery in this vicinity is
 j picturesque and romantic. There are a variety of
 pleasant walks, sufficiently retired to allow tlie pa
 tients to enjoy their rambles without lieing exposed
 to public ga/e or observation
 Among the complaints which are here snree --fully
 treated, are headache, tendency-of blood to the head,
 cold extremities, general and nervous debility, bron
 j chitis, pulmonary affection, liver complaint, jann-
 I dice, acute or chronic inflammation of the bowels.
 piles, dispepsv, general debility, nervous and spinal
 I affections, inflammatory and chronic rlteuinatism,
 I neuralgia, sciatica, lame limbs, paralysis, fever*, -ah
 1 rheum, scrofulous and erysipelas butnors.
 All persons who visit this establishment for a
 course of treatment, should furnish themselves yyith;
 three comfortables, three woollen blankets, one or j
 two lint 11 and Uuee cotton sheets, tyvo pillow cases,
 six or eight crash towel-, some well worn linen, to
 cut f ir fomentations, an old cloak or mantle, an um
 brella, and a pair of slippers.
 T r k K -.—For treatment and board from §550 to
 £8 50 per week, payable weekly. For a patient.
 I (from choice or tLe nature of ids complaint) occu-1
 1 pving a r«x&gt;m alone on tlie tir.-t and second floor-,'
 OO —with room-mate, £6,50. Fot one alone on
 the third fl .or, S'B 50—with room-mate, s's sti
 Patients requiring extra attention or tne in then
 room.?, (except lot swathing purpose- will furnish
 j their oyvn nurse- and fuel, or pay an extra price.
 im patient? receiving treatment at how.-, £l &lt;JQ.
 Term for examination, from 52 flo t&lt;» *5 t#»
 Post-paid letters, with one dollar enclosed, solici
 ting advice, will leceive atleutiou. t,'ories| 'midiag
 patient should lie particular in .-lating theii L-i
 treatment and it? effect.-.
 DAVID HIGGLE*.
 AbrtAu mpton, \la: 1 I*l9.
 IV.B. Visitor* to the Establishment, from tin
 ea-t, yiest, or south, can take tlie mr of tin* t’onn.
 River Railiv.ad at ,**piuigfiehj. arriages will
 always be in readine- .«t the Northaiop*ou(le|&gt;ot, t&lt;
 convey them hither. That the sick and nervoo
 may not tie di&lt;,turfied after letiruig, visitors arriving
 in the evening train :uv reque t«d to lake l*«jgii:g
 at a hotel.
 t in human blood, in a normal and fmalthy con
 dition of the system, i- 111 a positive -tatr, wLi. h'
 is con*t&lt;infly maintained f*v ti»e activity of tl*e I
 genenioig mr&lt; e.. wiitiin—an exce,-- geiieralfy pars
 ing off in filen*e from tin* cuticubr surface, -o titai
 out ol 356 experiments made l»y Mr. Ilemmer &lt;4
 England, upon tlie uncovered skin,” 322 indicated
 tiie pre (;iee of positive electricity. This swrpiusafe
 of the fluid tlie surface, we la*liev,* to Is- nidi
 pc-nsabh- to tlie healthful r-ntdilioti of the wlmU
 animal ecouoaty, ami that wiwu, from any cause, it
 is diminished or cea.*e«, di-ea ed action ensues.” 1
 Bee address delivered before the Medical College of
 Georgia, at the opening of its annual session, Nov.
 9, I*l7. by A. Meam, A M M I* Prole -or of
 Chemistry urnl Pharmacy, and Profexwor ot Phvsieal
 Science m Eu/iry Ga., |-*ge 25
 I&gt;t. John Lsls-i, editor of the Rriti-h .uni For
 eign Me lira! Ri vjiw, in ail a Mr article no tlie con- 1
 dition and function of ifac »km, says. p# iiiap
 there is scarcely any disease in which tin* fun.
 lion of tire skin i* Ml, Mi exleai, deranged. 1
 To what extent, pkj-n iau» h;*e not l»*»towe«l suf-
 ticieul (miu, u, k-ai u; hue hare tfiey Lcrn occu Joined
 to give much attention to this part, in tlie |,rtrtir,,| J
 invesugatKiu of ihsaaars. Phy«iofog«
 leaches u- that it m tlie vehicle for 1 mteying out
 of the system a large amount of matter, a well olid t
 a* liquid; and practn: &gt;1 eaperieoce exhilnls it a*
 the channel winch the traintt* t* m
 many insUoce aral the burthen ot' plethora gene-
 raliy, find their exit-”
 1 ne 1-hi.l.&gt;u Sun, alludiug to tie- discovery of 1
 voltaic electricity by Alfred Stuee, .Surgeon to the
 Bank ol Euglaoci, says: By test which he terms
 electro-voiiait, he ha- •xti-hr-d himself tlryt the ter- 1
 mibauoas ot the seaeor uvr* vr are post me pole, of t
a voltaic circuit, while the rouse alar mlwUnt* it the
 umtiff pole. TW wnmr nerves are ihf trW-g raph*
 whir h carry the serration to the Iwuin. and the nr'o,
 nerves carry hack the volition to the rourclw.' 1 See
 fi. Y. TriUtw, April 7, IMi*.
 Dr. Hollick. on the subject of electricity. rrm ok?
 Thrre is an agent that affect* the body more. »Ml
 naturally and artificially. See his work u»&gt; V.i
 r.padiy, published in Philadelphia in 1817, p 127
 Tlie futkiwiag extract i* imm an inierertins irti
 cle o»t leetricity, copied by ii&gt;e N Journal
 C'otnrn* tee from n foreign *&gt;rieotifi»- 12 c t ic w
 do not per tern I to «ay that a deficiency .»f elertn n
 rnav not occur in one purt of the kmin .-r
 an excess in sow other |«ait, fir a timr, an tin
 this mav not be the i a»-*e of disease, and the re«to
 ration of the eqailibrium the cure I think thi.* ntov
 likely, anti that it ig upon thi« (irineijile, in a grea
 mensiur. that tlie wonderful effect* of electu mag
 netism. in the cure t-| ui**'.t*c. are to le explainer)
 It i* certain that, when our electrical machines an
 most actively productive, we all fi*el most vigorous
 Our nervous ay stems are then most firm; t&gt;tir faces
 tire organs most active our minds roost clear
 ATIIOL H ATER Cl RE.
 THF. Subscriber legs leare to call tie attcntioi
 of Invalids, especially those suffering Iron
 chronic disease, to hi? hydropathic establislinient n
 Athol, Mass.
 His h carve was opened for the reception of patient
 last season, and it is believed oilers excellent faedi
 ties for a philosophic ami thorough course in hydro
 pathy. The supply of water is abundant, and ii
 parity lias been pronounced equal to water on t
 siistiliosl. The local ion is f|iuie eligible, bring bn
 a short distance from the V. M. railroad. Tin
 vicinity abounds in a variety of scenery, and ha
 charming grounds for walks and rambles. So th.i
 with tlie water, «n it able regimen, mountain air, am
 exerrise, patients ran scarcely fail to obtain tin
 healthful results |i»r which they labor.
 The following ca.-e illustrates thi« remark. Mr-
 B-, wife of Dea. 8., of Warwick, Mass., age.
 about thirty-five years, was brought to me fa*
 Augu;t. Her case presented the following plieno
 mena. If placed in an erect position, and left un
 supported, she forthwith fell backward to tin
 ground. If Ix-ing well supported, .she made ai
 effort to walk, either foot, when carried forward
 despite her efforts fo the contrary, would rros- ih&lt;
 other. She had been in this condition nearlv
 year. Her treatment commenced the lfith of Sept
 and wa« continued to the 2fith Get. only, wlien sir
 left, so far recovered as to lie able to walk ball
 mile with ease. Since her return to her family, b
 has continued her baths, w ith corresponding im
 provcmeiii to her health. She now attends i.. he
 domestic duties, and with the :i« i-tance of a -mal
 girl, does the yyork of her family.
 Patients are desired 10 bring three comfortable
 one |&gt;air of woollen blankets, one pair of sheet
 half a dozen tovvefa marked, with old linen to
 bandages.
 Terms, from five to ten dollars per week, accord
 ing to the necessities or choice of the patient’
 Those w ho are les3 particular in the selection o
 rooms, or are w illing to occupy them in rommoi
 with others, will be charged less.
 Athol, March, 184$. GEORGE HOYT.
 British Periodical Literature.
 The London Quarterly Rmnv, the Edinburgh Rmtn
 The North British Review, the 11', -tin: n-.r», R,i
 and Bhichv'ood's Edinburgh Mag,i zm&gt;-.
 The w ide-spread fame of these splendid pcti«.&lt;ii
 cals renders it needless to cay much in their pi ii&gt;e
 As literary organs, they stand far in advance n
 anything of tlie sort now published, while the pold
 ical complexion of each i marked by a dignit,
 candor, and forbearance, not often found in w ork
 of a party character.
 They embrace the views of die three great parti#-
 in Faigland—Tory, Whig, and Radical. Black
 I wood and the l.ondon Quarterly are Tory; th
 ’Edinburgh Review Whig; and the W e.-tinni
 ster Review Radical. The North .British 11.
 view is more of a religions character, having fa-*-
 I originally edited by I&gt;r. Chalmers, and now, in:
 his death, lieing conducted by his son-in-law I &gt;i
 II anna, associated with Sir David Brew.-ter. Ii
 literary character is of the very highest order. Th
 Westminster, though reprinted under that title only
 is pnbiiseed in England under tin- title of 'I 1,,- I
 eign Quarterly and Weslininstt r—it being in fin i
 union of the two Reviews formerly republished an
 j reprinted tinder separate titles. It has, therefi.n
 the advantage by this combination of uniting in on
 work the liest features of fa&gt;th as Iterelulore i--n*-i
 'I he above Periodicals are reprinted in New l &lt;,i b
 immediately on their arrival by the British Miamer
 -1 in a beautiful clear type, on line white paper, an
 are faithful copies of the originals, Blackwood 1
 Magazine, being an exact facsimile of the Edinburg
 edition.
 TRICES FOR 1840, (if SUBSCRIBED FOR EARI.Y.
 For any one of the four Review?), ,«7 00 per annum
 For any two do 5 (Ml
 For any three do 7 (Ml
 For all four of the Reviews, 8 00
 For Blackwood’s Magazine, J{ 00
 For Blackwood and the .7 Reviews, 9 00
 For Blackwood the 4 Review s, 10 oo
 Payment s to he. made in a//eases in a/h aim
 (LIBBING.
 Four copies of any or all the above works u ill I
 sent to one address on payment of die regular sul
 scription for three—the fourth copy U-ing gratis.
 EARLY RORIES.
 A late arrangement with the Briti-lt publishers ol
 Blackwood’s Magazine secures to ns early sheets ot
 that work, by which we shall lx- able to place the
 entire number in the hands of subscribers liefore any
 portion of it ran l&gt;e reprinted in any of the American
 Journal''. lor tilt- and ..(far advantages seemed t.»
 our subscribers we pay so large a consideration, that
 we may lx* compelled to raise the price of the Maga
 zine. Therefore we repent “snbscrilie early while
 the price is low
 Remittances and communications should fa- always
 addressed, post-paid or franked, to the pithlisliers
 LEONARD SCOTT CO.
 70 Fulton street, New Y..rk,
 Asylum for the Sick who have been con
 fined to their beds Ironi 1 to‘2o years.
 DR. HAMILTON’S Hydropathic and Anvalytii
 Asylum, No 217 Exchange Street, oppo .te the
 Orphan Asylum, Rochester, N V. Tliis Instimtioi
 is now firmly established and in successful opera
 tion. The proprietor atiulyzc.i every disea* e hat is
 admitted there, and applies the natural ami appro
 priate remedy. Although water is used in evei v way
 that is applied m anv water-cure establishment ii
 the 1 nited State-, yet the proprietor wishes it la
 expressly understood that it is not relied on a* theon/y
 or principal leine.iy in die treatment of disease sub
 mitted to his care.
 This Establishment fa designed far that rfa’s ot
 invalids who have t ided to obtain then health I ~li
 other sy stems of practice, and are ‘till unable to
 walk or «tand on tiieir feet, and are confined to their
 bed”, wearing out a bte ofmi«ery and tufferint- with
 out any hope ot ever being any better
 The remedies made we of in the Institution not
 only entirelv remove disease but give imitate,
 strength ami elasticity to tlie yitern. Many bale
 been brought here from different part: of dm coun
 try. who had neitlier walked or borne their weigl.t
 on their feet from five to fifteen years; .and ,m.
 w ho have tx-en unable to rlresa or undie- ~r e i. n
 to teed themselve s and in the course of a tew week
 would lx- walking with the elasticity of youth .mo
 the quickness of a [*-de-irian, astonished .it ilmni
 sclve*, and surprising dw-ir friends and all who iw
 litem when limy first came. The treatment ol dn
 -1 listitution is particularly calculated to remote ihe
 iisease.s peculiar to female-, such at
 1-1. 'l ie- lolling of the Womb, m all if. ,tage
 iiid condition-, in patients, from twelve year- of
 jp to-ixty, mid even if they have been confined n.
 lieir liefS fi-.iiione to twenty, unable to staml,
 lre*s, or uudreM them elves, or even 100 keble to
 sue am noise or -peak aloud.
 2-1. M eaknen and Failing of tfa- Rowel Rain
 ii die Sole, Shoulders, Bark and Head &gt;p, 16 ,i
 rtioarfs, l iter Gsopliint-,, n« Seu«:,t,,,„ at
 be Stomach, Falpiutior, &gt;.t tlie Heart, Dyqiep-iat
 n all its l .ruis ai«i stage-, Riles, ('o*tiveu«-.«, Di
 irrhcca, N.ppre-«ioQ of tie- Men Ex.e -ivei
 llertsti Hatton, Wbitew, all Nervous Cohl
 I iii.l 1 &gt;and(, St. Anthony Dam e, l etters of
 ill kin-!*, Salt Rheum, in tin w-.i-i lorn. Neural,
 tin, I ic Douloureux, Blieum.ili*fn, t onsiimpliod in'
 t» In-l stages, t»i neral W eakoi ai«i Debility.
 I lie proprietor h.i* giv.-u fi»- w lu.le attention to
 he afaive diseaves far tin- ki-t lea yeare, ami has
 rented Hem m an entirely ilifierent way from any
 &gt;dier private practice pilitc institiitiori m (h,i
 uuistty; and iich ha- ben ln» *n&gt;ie»«, aiul rrf.
 am aie Ins rem-stie. m Ux-ir eUe. ts &lt;ru ilk.m- dis
 a.-es, that instead ol publ. hing a long li-t of cei
 died cures, fa- wi-hes to give that c!a-s ~t invalid*
 leekmg to ..(.tain ihnr health a -nlln lent guaranle*- 1
 ig..lu*t any fal.-e pretension*, e sagged tern, in.pie
 ili»fl or deception, so that no &lt;&gt;oe we.l lx* to a,.y
 'yp*ii*»- in this liutitDinsi v» idealt fa-mg bna lile,
 1 he proprietor Mill niU-r ihi» a -j--&lt; i .i.iiia.' j
 vifh any o.x* w ho Mull*, to do MO, that ix- w ill ad
 nit into the Institution, to advance fix- nsiu-i ux'
 •ay nil the expena-s from any part ol tlx- I tilled
 ‘tatev here au-J |.»tk fame again, lx-fare lx- corn-1
 uem e« the lieatroent, and a famil to hoard tix-m
 ogetfai with lim profavsiuibtl •s-mu-k, lor leaning. j
 I le -joe- not help tlx in ai rording to conlract
 ne thinking the above pr&lt;&gt;pr»itexi re»t a *nrtn-n-i,i
 uaranti-e agaiuat im.icpierent.it.•»..* ami espe.i—
 .itb.ru! receiving equal Ix-neUt, ran let lie- jx.pr*e
 kouw wfrtt wd I* -ati factnrs, aryij it fc«fl
 *dy Co: side red.
 1 his liMtilution has grown up Ir.rtn private prar
 ice by tlie influence of tho*» wtvi have Ixen twlpei
 ere, m not lung has ever boi (•übhshed before
 the proprietor roeans llat it shall stmuiu iurL
 Jfit» own merits, or pay the exfienve of those nfa,
 boose to make a coot ran ia rase of faihue The I
 **iga r/ this Circular i« aot to make kuovvu th
 uree ihut have beeu made u» tbits ikititnimx i_
«*wjf Hum ./i,i UitrnM i&gt;» lr; o| P r ,*o
 Xtrioiyfr |y kixiu.( to ill** J»* -»r *nff ring invalid-
 have *prnt 1 wwfrnds of dollar* in trying
 tvstr of tire, ami without froth nr am,
 •■era-tit, and m-!1 i nt U copftned to their ted* ft n
 fi'i* Vi j«r,tr ,r«. if* ,t fh*'*e i- in IntljriKir.'
 n r#»«i rrt:i front am other one tt.
 !lll»**1 11l ti.tf il adapted to th*'
 MtnntKH,, r .r. if -si T ,W tg nV
 r arr K.irtlh t~r no t
 i 1 *i 'in* l lifu(K):’
 1 1 liioif* tlrf-m fni i* ili#
 otdm .rv r..** ulno. i
 n Mh
 1 ***M *n&gt; f
 COMW, imW-o. tt* y „,n. HO _, %r MiJ|&lt;
 t.. he MM V 1! t.osn;., to «..!V from i,\.
 mil*'* iii tii. i'll i'. T it
 siirff ««m»»; :iiki w diirf in I**
 ‘hire n* much labor I .i,, m r
 that call tl.'-Ti -fly*. IIH
 on-' th tin -&gt;i*«!* i tW.ni
 111 lilt* AraUtte lii-tr ll* I, fll ,m
 m-a«c«i mr u'h. c!-»*=ti» it. r| f r ,B
 texture, rapnhiUn- »f r-,, l,Tr*«mn~ ;lT* V
 le altii, t it tlx* ti' ituK’r.t th
 e.l oil the natural laws of organized niattr,
 e»an*e»|iie:it!y it* *ap*rinrity or. r &lt;*y*r\ r
 t’eif'.t system ».f pen-fee.
 All r -iiii. inieat -».i« W. t&gt; j&gt; i i*....
 HAMILTON, Reh
 immediate atte.ilmn. It rr M refrrerwv
 1-e made to th .se \»!io hav. i*- ti t j
 lotion ;an 1 aUo e «od retereisrr. ,v P n, ih
 ortlie proprietor to me* r Uie aN.ve rv r e&lt;
 rerpiircd.
liar! s Imiabif |.\frnrr
 I- tin- U r.w«;j til«i WH
 perrl'Uimm ~r &gt;i.:* -Unudii'
 I the Nerres, \,n Hi
 I 11-|\htn II.IIOTS, .Nmu.il" Vti,
 &gt;.»v v.' nr:..;,7;::
 jfv, and nit Niiv.m l&gt;r .irdri
 drradlul &lt;.t all -d,,,. 1
 in
 y i&gt; i
 C onvuNi, .Vr I. v !l k, thal
 ,a ml. Hi&gt;
 F.ptleptn lii mi nr il.l*- I i |,,uj i j,

 ..h! have mu!, t.d i iir
 l •Xt I| 11. I „I,
 ,l 1: r •‘ii.M.f
 al.lf Kxh mi, him* v«»,
 ihat a&lt; an 1 1-. d„t'.i,. ~l‘
 1 i-ii ..I
 te.l, I" x.hih it ,i, u Int i, i her, nfj^r,.j
 II II I ||.l. ~I„„,. I K exposed Uil
 tIiPII ill lilt' ll.nil. Iniinaiiit x j j,
 r U‘ ifn.l tli.it f i• i;. 11 i- in. in able.
 f 1 t*. n vtat
 f r a-| i -a, ivtmliuw uii, M
 ,h I evn,
 i if 1)3 h ill t ill fi |&lt;l I- fji J
 1 I lliiili?Ill
 i rure.
 I*•f l \	 \v j ftli f j
 hl ii.t «;i tffiii 1.1) u nit *.r. r hU l
 n -t»».l i.-l U. Ii i 11,,.! I.v ||,r
 ill.' lil I, l.xtiai I.
 •'ll' I. I•&gt;«I. ll.'i Ui.l. 1,1 ihh. lk
 I'll. Ill'll m’,l I. I .1, 1,1 I 1,1 lli:uu
 m 1 I""-.! I II .111.
 1,1,1 hi- u...
 h;,rl V I H..wi.
 1 I I'l.V i. .j„||
 1 M.«rt-.1t.,! I„ hi 1... ii ,;„M| »,v ,1.
 U 11 1 i, &lt;&gt;,.l ilmi li.- null,
 1 I il. n u hirli
 I’OIIII HIMW l Ins ku.»\\ it
 MuU,,,. i
 H 1 i lulm.i
 I’; 11 1 ’U II N Hlif
 ‘"M I I. V .(I-
 a 'Ml'" 'I Will. I .1 .111.1 1,,
 i 1 i» u.„t\
 t.i!l.vlrart, I I
 i| l» ni'.! i ii!n. In i.l !i .:,i (till v.. i l ,|,s,
 I* li.i'l, ,\i‘vv ,k
 liavmo na .1 ill,- t I Mi.T.-,r„!U
 In- t.niiiii In l.lv I*.,i i,, ail
 f, an' ililii i■ u ,ii, n
 &gt;l. I I'.atl, •tu ,1 Sixth \l
 .in.: I ni'.in &gt;in|li -In. i, a S i ik. lal.- ilia,
 1 1 1 i -ll.i I imill Ii
 i 1 !l 1 1. 1 .&gt;l lli. i 11 \,ii|i I aili’piir if.
 Vn, ii,n i,. 1,1. ..Mi", i,|j,„|,iiMi 1,.
 f- ‘"i" 1 ill»i. flan'- \.m.i,|.|,. k; x
 ,r:i iVi'ti,) li* if&lt;ti,red
 rt*rl'-&lt;-l IIf.III-.I i- it tin r,u r Stan,
 in tv -mi hi- I u-ia,
 I Ht v. .M S:iii,li. It.-, i, si. IVtns 4'hnr.v
 Spot-x,,,, ,1, N.u xx 1,., has Ihmmi allti.i.
 j, ilii l.[ii!t'|iln' I ii- t..r ini'i't' ill. ni li'itx ii-, -ia(,,
 i
 tiis liealth lia.'- I*#-f*n so ihik Ii inifinivi d dial h#. M
 I)\ I&gt;ivine lili -.-iiijj, havi* no nunc I ii-.
 /'pi/rjtic Fils. —For hwiin-srveii wars ami -is
 '"'"Hi'S fiirt',l l.y dm nl this truly nnn,J H Viil
 meili.’iim.
 Kmi.l die ti.lloxv imj i»i„iai kal.l.' r a n r,f dm sni, r I
 \\m Sec,,,r, I I’liiladnlphi a, artlmn,!
 h|nlt-|)ti«, I It.- IH. ,n wn\,.„ v ami six rnonib
 .Alif'i- Iravnllmu tlir.iM-ii lamlami. Smilaml rl
 manv am! 1 .aim.-, «..nsiilii iM
 |»li\si&lt;ian-, ni id nxpmirlmK l.r mmliriim, nm.l.nl
 1ina.,,,,',,1 ami a.ly i&lt; tin dmusaml o
 H itli Ins -in tn this rntinti in NuTPinlmr last., un|
 J"" r v 'i"K any Is .mtii uliali vmr, ami was’i„ M i
 i *‘-V Uatt\ Yfg,inbit F.jfrart. av
 Vl r tlion-aml dtillai s f..r i.mdiriim ami u.i'.l,,
 i atn-iidanre. I ua- advi.-ml tn takt* a ton, i„
 I ™P*‘ "hit'll i .lid. I lii-t vi-,md Hilda,,.,
 1 tl'p in.-l «*mi:unt j.livsmiaiH din.-*,*,'
 j rt-spert to l„s rase; Huy examined him and
 n«-«-» r ‘i»i,Kl&gt;. I remained time three im.„,l H
 1,I,0 "t r r e v, il r anv 1 1;i„i_#- ti.r die U tter. uh„l,
 f.st Hu aUnit tun liimdred ami tiftv il.,llnr&lt;= -w &gt;r
 4 u d ,l, I'liysri.nis, and dm mu-r t liat 1 le. e.vr i
 was tlmir npiinoa that ,m
 atjt'POSrnVK.H IM K\Bl.k! Tn/rZtu
 left hi,tjiam, Have,led S. .»tla,„|, tiermimx
 I n&lt;l r V :,n,! ""'rnt-d I,.me in dm
 .Nov er.ilie,' last, w idi ms ii-nni l.emg rured
 a- when I left, I 'aw your adveniseioent
 ''-w, oik paper and reminded ti v H ui',
 Vetjetal.le Kxtra. t, -eemg vonr &lt;laiement. aid
 rmitiraies oi so manv cures, *«*me t .l twe-ju
 t.nrty tears Hamlinn, ami I a vou lam
 -miry I did -o, as l.y the -e Hart*. V. ,|U
 liK v*i Tll°ri"- Ua r, v,, r l I'KKHX'I
 ttr.Al. 1 H Hi- tea-nil, winch aa, 0 tar mme .1 i
 nnhi him tor Uisines .s entirely rt t1 1r ,l n i t dv
 pro-per l now Iteiore him ol hie, health ,’mt met,d
 -ne-s He ,s now IS yea, „t ami *7 t,
 nmitiths n| tins time I,a- Umn artlmed w u), di,
 mo t read!itl ol d„ea-es, hm thank Mod Ilou
 enjoy y,n&gt;d heallii.
 '"'l'- t W.„k I don’t Ulievr
 in. lossy I -hall U-ever ent. f„| V(&gt;tl ott
 w.autlas I here ,I„ yon o,m humJred rlol.ar
 1 i'" ,l1 k ,i oi,'h, r and
 quilf a ri,IN rent ihr debt rl.mde l i„||
 on TtiTj l4
 f.u dm del a in adv an..
 outv, veiv ie pt if„lh
 *g**t.i&gt; u 11.1 y sht'uKh.
 I I I'tiN Th-THftiM
 In r. tem.ee t„ tm i lr r
 tin trlilx w 'Oid. i h.l inedi, n.i ~l ,1.
 u &gt;i..m-.-'.o, i..it!:"?;:?
 one ol dm ne.st em.„e„r 1,,,„ l(lS tllt rK
 *7, t- 1.,
 Bro hM W 1 1 I l,
 o. It x.„nm, mad rlt n„e o| plea nre la
 am eii.d.h dlt amiMUir e y., liu (f(u||
 ••t V &lt;y»il I!i\ it :4-»In lilt in I I
 i, m.irtmi.,,.,.,..,,, x
 and »t ha-. e. ,1 tm t„i j, j h|V&gt;
 dm patient*,! trust, Uix,- U-,
 Tim trail th ..is- rapi.il, ..J v ,'jV
 tl.mk million! do*ihl ,i., tll) |frf
 preset il,my i,r ~mm. t«im pt.f.ul i«rd„
 t.ut wh, n I uii. «In. Ii prorni es )i
 tor dm telml nl M.nem.r i.irri. imty, |eet lN dut&gt;
 to re ft iiaimn.i haw no da,,,,, ;l
 ,V J 1 l!l 1 Itdlv te-
 with lim rea! I v.-«a limrlmue
 fr 'r*t 1
 I *ui.-.r file m\ e»t \,.,.i suieei.-iv,
 I'-morndj I yj i,
 T I*i Ifni. N» xx \.r k.
 HI!. I IVII I Mil 1 liJhj
 U!..
 dm huisi ot do. -I'liW, and fc, r i ur dm,
 ew-r, ntt.ir i, lalai, will i
 nlrnt md f* r. new life-, U h
 neleliiaii'd iMOi'lir
 i; WH ,N &lt;uMjiit ut-
 H.xe !m. te-tummi ltw
 r. ...U produced f.s tim ~-e of ||a,t’ Ve/.-u
 i-xuatt.
 r;|- 1'..,-r-ll. v s HUM. XI I, v„ l a!

 ksai lm&lt; kagM
 Ik* e»|phi pa* Wage* m Ist
 I* I* .Ufelidh t-irked I
 I xi sen crp in xr t r iN
 p*.i&gt;.*lioM, a let «en.l t.,
 i 1 ot Ihr I Mile
 xixsA,,-
 s«-„..*!!!, z iJ-'i
 ,1 ‘"oilmns ua,t U
 life *e.| p„.|
 .nlw
 If l» 'WV.Mxii. St FauU K.« Uotrr.
 H 2"t*&gt; l7 Al *tn street Mullalo
 Aljetll.- lot tL* i Ulrw.
 K dlUiorm
 k*i. II lI,U, Ifetrwii, Mmlorm.
 4 mmiaykim. .Mdlwauku U
 J. It Heed, ;u«l 1 a.-,» lit
 Ur) 1 Ha»&lt;ll, I Hlillnjlm lows,
 11. tiU luiry, *nd 1a.., 4J M
 Aml h.r Hwlr hy t„„t of ,t„ p l(Uv
 twfkiiM thr I riitr&lt;i
 THOMAS fe JUH.Lm, iwt Mvn rlml,
 s«t&gt;. 1 *CiacrDuiU^Ou*9
