IJoetra.
FOR WHAT SHALL MAN LIVE’
 crab. BiTti Derrf.
 Brother, do rmt loo* *w brotherl
 Brother, w )00 oil yt&gt;o
 Do fW li»* for
 Hjm your life l»» ood iAmk 1
 Are you promfK to bear if* Hotter,
 A* a brare awn mar heaeetn’
 Brother, ehun the mitt exhaling
 Fro® the fen of pride and doubt;
 Ntittor trek the honor of bondage.
 Waiting otraitened aoul« about;
 Bau' who from their narrow opy-holr,
 Cannot oae a world without'
 Anchor in ao stagnant thallow
 Truat the wide aad wondrous era,
 Where the Oder are frcah forever,
 Aad the eighty currents free;
 Thera, perchance, oh, young ColutnUi*,
 Your New World of truth may be
 You aaat atrive for better guerdons,
 Strive to BE the thing ou Mem
 Be the thiug that God bath made you—
 Channel for no borrowed stream
 He bath lent you mind and conscience;
 See you travel in their beam'
 See you scale life’s mietv highland*
 By this light of living tratb;
 Aad with bosom braced for labor,
 Breast them in your manly youth;
 So wrbea age and care have found you,
 Shall vour downward path be smooth.
 Fear not on that rugged highway,
 Life may want its lawful aest;
 Suaay glens are in the mountain.
 Where the weai-y feet may rest.
 Cooled in streams tint bu&lt; *t forever
 From a loving mothei’s breast.
 Simple heart and simple pleasure*,”
 So they write life’* golden rule;
 Honor won by *upple baseness,
 Slate that crown* a cankered fool,
 Gleam a* gleam the gold and purple
 In a hot and rancid po »1.
 Wear no show of wit or science,
 But the gens you’ve won and weighed,
 Thefts, like ivy on a ruin,
 Make tlie rift* they’re sent to shade;
 Are you not a thief and beggar,
 In tlie rarest spoil* arrayed?
 Shadows deck a sunny landscape,
 t Making brighter all the bright;
 g So, ray brother? rare and danger
 On a loving nature light,
 Bringing alfits latent beauties
 Out upon tlie common sight.
 Love the things that God created,
 Make your brother’s need yonr care;
 Scorn and hale repel God’s blessings,
 But where love is, they are there;
 As the moonbeams light the waters,
 Leaving rock and sand-bank hare.
 Thus, tny brother, grow and flora ish,
 Fearing none, and loving all;
 For the true man need* no patron
 He shall climb and never crawl;
 Two things fashion their own channel
 The strong man and the waterfall.
 MY MOTHER’S VOICE.
 My mother’s voice! how often creep?
 1 cadence on my lonely hours!
 Like healing sent on wings of sleep,
 Or dew to the unconscious flowers!
 I can forget her melting prayer,
 While leaping pulses madly fly;
 But iu the still unbroken air,
 Her gentle loues come stealing by,
 Aud years, and sin, and manhood flee,
 And leave me at my mother's knee.
 The book of Nature aud the print
 Of beauty ou the whispering sea,
 Give aye to me some lineament
 Of what I have been taught to be.
 My heart is harder, and perhaps
 My manliness hath drank up tear*,
 And there’* a mildew in the lapse
 Of a few miserable year*
 But Nrure’s book is even yet
 With all a mother’* lessons writ.
 I have been out at eventide,
 Beneath a moonlight «ky of spring,
 When earth was garnished like a brida,
 Aud Night had on l»er silver wing—
 When bursting leaves and diamond grass,
 And waters leaping to the light,
 And all that make the pulses pass
 With wilder fleetuesn, thronged the night
 When all was beauty—then have I
 With friends on whom my love i* flung,
 Like myrrh on wings of Araby,
 Gazed up where evening lamp is hung,
 And when the beautiful spirit there
 Flung over me its golden chain,
 My mother’s Voice came on the air,
 Like tbe light dropping of tlie rain,
 And resting on some silver star,
 Tbe spirit of a bended knee,
 I’ve poured tier low and fervent prayer
 That our eternity might be
 To riae in heaven like stars at night,
 And tread a living path of light.
 From the N. Y. Tribuue.
 LOVE ALL.
 ST C. D. STt’ART.
 Love all! there is no living thing
 Which God has uot created;
 Love all' there is no li»mg thing
 Which God has ever lial-d:
 His love sustains tlie meanest life,
 Wbate’er doth live or jierish,
 And man may not disdain to luve
 What God has loved to cherish.
 Love all! for hate begrtlrth bate,
 And love through love increased!;
 Love all! for liale kIuiII faint and fail,
 VN bile love, like God, ne’er ceaseth:
 Love i« the law, the life supreme,
 Tla- goal where all are tending;
 Tbe hate shall die, tlie strife shall cease,
 But Love is never ending.
 I.F.AIv THE WAY.
 Men of thought! be up, ld llrrln|
 Night and daj
 Sow the seed—withdraw the curtain—
 Clear the way!
 Men of action, aid and cheer them,
 A ye may!
 There’* a fount about to Kieara,
 There’* a light about to beam.
 There’s a warmth about to glow,
 'llieTe’s a flower about to blou
 There’s a midnight Mackncss changing
 Into gray
 Men of thought, and men of action.
 Clear the way'
 Once the welcome light ha* broken,
 Who shall My.
 What the unimagioed glories
 Of the day?
 What the evil that shall pensj
 la iU ray?
 Aid the dawning, tongue and pea;
 Aid it, hopes of honest men;
 Awl it, paper—aid it, type—
 Aid it, for the hour is npe,
 Aad our earnest must aot slacken
 Into play.
 Hen of thought, ami men of action.
 Clear tlie way*
Selections.
 JOURNAL OF MARY POWELL.
 A very readable affair, under this title, ha«
 recently nude u* appearance. It purport* tt
 be the diary kept by Marv Powell, of bei
 named life with John Milton. A doubi
 nay certainly be raised a* to iu authenticity,
 tut whether authentic or not. the hook has a
 kind of artless simplicity which very well
 comport* with the estimate that might U
 formed of tbe character of tbe supposed wri
 ter. Here is an extract
 W fdmidav,—l have nobodie now
 but you to whome to tell my little griefs;
 mdeede, before I married, I know not
 (hat 1 had anie; and even now they are
 very small, onlie they are soe new tbai
 sometimes my heart is like to burtf.
 I know not whether ’tis safe to pul
 them alle on paper, only it relieves for
 ye time, and it kills time, and perhaps
 a little while hence I may look back
 and see how small they were, and how
 they mighte have beene shunned or
 better borne. ’Tis worth ye trial!.
 Yesterday morn,for very wearmesse,
 I looked alle over my linen and Mil
 ton’s to see could I finde anie thing tc
 rnende; hut there was not a stitche
 amiss. I woulde have played on ye
 spinnette, but was afrayd he should
 hear my indifferent musick. Then, as
 a last resource, I tooke a booke —Paul
 Perrin’s Histone of ye YNaldcnses;
 and was, I believe, dozing a little,when
 I was aware of a continual whimpering
 and crying. I thought ’t was some
 child in ye street; and, having some
 comfits in my pocket, I slept softly out
 lo ye house door and lookt forth, but
 no child could I see. Coming back,
 ye door of my husband’s studdy being
 ajar, I avised to looke in; and saw him
 with awfulle brow, raising his hand in
 ye very act to strike ye youngest Phil
 lips. I could never endure to see a
 child struck, so hastilio cried out, “Oh
 don’t!” whereon he rose, and, as if nol
 seeing me, gently closed ye door, and,
 before 1 reached"my chamber, I hearde
 soe loude a crying that I began to cry
 too. Soone alle was quiet; and my
 husband, coming in, stept gently up ta
 me, and putting his arm about my neck,
 sayd, My dearest life, never agayr
 l beseech you, interfere between rn€
 and the boys; ’t is as unseemly as tho
 I should interfere between you and
 your maids—when you have any—anti
 will weaken my hands, dear Moll,
 more than you have anie suspicion of.’
 I replied, kissing that same offending
 member as I spoke, “Poor Jack woulc
 have been glad, just now, if I hac
 weakened them.” But that is noi
 the question,” lie returned, “for w&lt;
 should alle be glad to escape necessary
 punishment; whereas it is the power
 not the penalty of our bad habits thai
 we shoulde seek to be delivered from. 5
 There may,” I sayd, “be necessary
 but need nut be corporal punishment.’
 “That is as may be,” returned he,
 “and hath alreadie been settled by ar
 i authorise to which I submit, and parti)
 think you will not dispute, and that is,
 the word of God. Payn of body is in
 realitie, or ought to be, sooner ovei
 and more safely borne, than pain of ar
 ingenuous mind; and, as to ye shame
 why, as Lovenzo d* Medici said tt
 'Soccini, The shame is in the offenci
 rather than in the punishment.’
 I replied, “Our Robin had neve:
 been beaten for his studies;’ to whicl
 he sayd, with a smile, that even I mus
 admit Robin to be noe great scholar.—
 And so in good humor left me; but
 was in no good humor, and ho pec
 Heaven might never make me th&lt;
 mother of a son, for if I should set
 Mr. Milton strike him, I should learn t&lt;
 hate ye father.
 Learning there was 1 ke to be com
 panie at Doctor Davies’, I was adviset
 to put on my brave green satin gown
 and my husband said it became mi
 well, and that I only needed som&lt;
 primroses and cowslips in my lap, t&lt;
 look like May; and somewhat he addet
 about mine eyes, clear shining aftei
 ruin,’ which advised me he had per
 iccived I had been crying in the morn
 ing, which I had hoped he had not.
 Arriving at the Doctor’s house, w&lt;
 were shown into an ernptie chamber
 at least ernptie of companie, but full o
 everything else; for there were book:
 and globes, and stringed and wind in
 struments, and stuffed birds and beasts
 and things I know not soe much as y&lt;
 names of, besides an easel with a paint
 iing by Mrs. Mildred on it, which sin
 meant to be seene, or she would hav&lt;
 put it away. Subject, Brutus’Judg
 nient,” which 1 thought a strange, un
 ifeeling one for a woman; and did no
 wish lo be her son. Soon she came in
 (drest with studdied and puritanical
 plainness; in brown taffeta, guardet
 i with black velvet, which became hej
 well enough, but was scarce suited loi
 the season. She had much to say abou
 limning, in which my husband coulc
 follow her better than I; and then the)
 .went to )e globes, and Copernicus
 and Galileo Galilei, whom she called t
 j martyr, but I do not. For, is a inartyi
 one who is unwillinglie imprisoned, oi
 jwho formally recants.' even tho’ he at
 i fecteth afterwards to say twas but r
 iform, and cries, eppure si muover’
 The earlier Christians might have sayc
 ’twas but a form to burn a handful o
 incense before Jove’s statue; Plin)
 would have let them goe.
 Afterwards, when ye Doctor came ir
 and engaged my husband in discourse,
 Mistress Mildred devoted herself to me,
 and askt what progress 1 had made
 with Bernardo Tasso. I tolde her,
 none at alle, for I was equaiiie faultit
 at lialiques and Italian, and onlie knew
 his best work thro’Mr. Fairfax’s trans
 lation; whereat, she fell laughing, and
 sayd she begged my forgiveness, but I
 was confounding ye father with ye son;
 then laught again, but pretended ’twas
 not at me, but at a lady 1 minded her
 of, who never coulde remember to dis
 tinguish between Lionardo da Vinci
 and Lorenzo de Medici. That lust
 name brought up ye recollection of my
 morning debate with my husband,
 which made me feel sad; and then,
 Mrs. Mildred,seeming anxious to makt
 me torgel her unuianneriiness, com
 menced, “Can you paint?” “Car
 you sing” Can you play the lute?’
 And, at the last, 1 hat can you do?’
 1 mighte have sayd 1 coulde comb oui
 my curls smoother than she could*
 hers, but did not. Other guests cam*
 in, and talked so much against prelac;
and ye right divine of kings, that 1
 would fain we had remained at astrooo
 mie and poetry. For supper there was
 little meat, and no strong drinks, onlie
 a thinnish foreign wine; with cakes,
 candies, sweetmeats, fruits and confec
 tions. Such, I suppose, is town fash
 ion. At the laate, came musick; Mis
 tress Mildred sang and plaved; then
 prest me to do ye like, but I was
 fearfime, I could not; so my husband
 sayd he would piayc for me, and thai
 would be alle one, and so covered my
 bashfulness handsomelie.
 t Inlie this morning, just before going
 lo his studdy, he stept back and sayd.
 Sweet Moll, I know you can both
 play and sing—why will you not prac
 tise:” I replyed, I loved it not much.
 He rejoyned, “But you know I love it,
 and is not that a motive?” I sayd, I
 feared to let him hear me, I played so
 ill. “AY hy, that is ye very reason vou
 should seek to play better; I am sure
 you have plenty of time. Perhaps, in
 your whoie future life, you will not
 have such a season of leisure as you
 have now—a golden oppot tunitie w hich
 you will surelie seize.” Then added,
 “Sir Thomas More’s wife learnt ti
 pi ay the lute solely that she might
 plen?e her husband.” I answered,
 Nay, what to tell me of Sir Thomas
 More’s w ife, or of Hugh Grotin’s wife,
 when I was the wife of John Milton?”
 He looked at me twice, and quicklie,
 too, at this saying; then laughing,cried,
 “You cleaving mischief, I hardlieknow
 whether to take that speech amiss or
 well—however, you shall have the ben-,
 elit of the doubt.”
 And so away laughing; and I, for
 very shame, sat down to ye spinnette
 for two long wearie hours, till soe tired
 I could cry; and when I desisted,
 coulde hear Jack w ailing over his task.
 ’Tis raining fast, I cannot go out, nor
 should I dare to go alone, nor whereto
 go if ’twere fine. I fancy ill smells
 from ye church yard—’tis long to din-!
 ner time, with noe change, noe exer
 cise; and oh, I sigh for Forest Hill.
 A dull dinner with Mrs. Phillips,!
 whom I like not much. Christopher,
 Milton there, who stared hard at me, 1
 and put me out of countenance with
 his strange questions. My husbande
 checked him. He is a lawyer, and has
 wit enoughe.
 Mrs. Phillips speaking of second
 marriages, 1 unawares hurt her bv giv
 ing my voyce agayust them. It seems
 she thinks of contracting a second mar
 riage.
 Friday. To reward my zealous
 practice to-day on ye spinnette, Mr.
 Milton produced a collection of “Ayres
 and Dialogues, for one, two, and three
 voices, by his friend, Mr. Harry
 Lowes, which he sayd I should find
 very pleasant studdy: and then he told
 me all about their getting up ye masque
 of Comus in Ludlowcastlc, and how
 wfII ye Lady’s song was sung by Mr.
 Lawe’s pupil, the Lady Alice, then a
 sweet, modest girl, onlie ihirteene years
 of age —and he told me of ye singing
 of a faire Italian younge Signora,
 named Leonora Barroni, with her
 mother and sister, whom he had hearde
 at Rome, at ye concerts of Cardinal
 B.trberini; and how she was as gen
 tle and modast as sweet Moll,” yet not
 afrayd to open her mouth, and pro
 nounce everie syllable distinctlic, and
 wi*h ye proper emphasis and passion
 when she sang. And after this, to my
 greate contentment, he tooke me to ye
 Gray’s Inn Walks, where, the after
 noon being fine, was much companie.
 Saturday. —l have just done some
 what for Master Ned, which he coulde
 not do fur himselfe, viz., tenderly bound
 up his hand, which he had badly cut.—
 Wiping away some few natural tears,
 he must needs say,“l am quite ashamed,
 aunt, you should see me cry; but the
 worst of it is, that all this pain has
 been for no good; whereas, when my
 uncle beateth me for misconstruing iny
 Latin, tho’ I cry at ye time, all ye
 while I know it is for my advantage.”
 If this boy goes on preaching soe, I
 shall soon hate hnn.
 Mr. Milton having stepped out before
 supper, came back looking so blythe
 that I askt if he had heard good news.
 He said, yes: that some friends had
 beene persuading him, against his will,
 to make publick some of his Latin po
 ems; and that, having at length con
 sented to theire wishes, he had been
 with Mosley, the publisher in St. Paul’s
 church-yard, who agreed to print them.
 I sayd I was sorrie I should be unable
 to read them. He said he was sorrv
 too; lie must translate them for me. I
 thanked him, but observed that traduc
 tions were never soe good as originalls.
 He rejoyned, Nor ain I even a good
 translator.” I ask’t, Why not write
 in your own tongue?” He sayd,“Latin
 is understoode all over ye worlde.” I
 sayd, But there are iname in youre
 own country who do not understand it.”
 He was silent so long upon that, that I
 supposed he did nol mean to answer
 me; but then cried, You arc righte,
 sweet Moll. Our best writers have
 written their best works in English,and
 I w ill hereafter do the same—for I feel
 that my best work is still to come.—
 Poetry hath hitherto been with me
 rather ye recreation of a mind con
 scious ot than ye deliberate task-work
 of a soule that must hereafter give an
 account of its talents. Yet rny mind,
 in the free circuit of her musing, has
 ranged over a thousand themes that lie,
 like the marble in the quarry, readie
 for any shape that fancy and skill may
 give. Neither laziness nor caprice
 makes me difficult in rav choice: for
 ye longer I am in selecting my tree,
 and laying my axe to the root, the
 sounder it Hill be and riper for use.—
 Nor is an undertaking that shall be one
 of high duty, to be entered upon with
 out prayer ana discipline; it woulde be
 presumption indeed to commence an
 enterprize which I meant should de
 lighte and profit every instructed aud
 elevated without so much paynes
 takinge as it should cost a poor moun
 tebank to balance a pole on his chin.”
 Sunday Even. —lq ye clouds agayn.
 At diuoer, to-daye, Mr. Milton cate
 chised the boys on ye mordiug’s ser
 mon, the heads of which, though
 amounting to a dozen, Ned tolde off
 roundlie. Roguetsh little Jack looking
 slylie at me, sayd, “Aunt could not tell
 of ye sermon. Why not? ssv»
 hts uncle. Because sue was sleep
 ing,” says Jack. Provoked with ye
 child, 1 turned scarlett, and bastille
 said, “I was not. Nobodie spake, but
I repetf the falsi tie the moment it had
 My husband tooke me
 to tasl| r it when we were alone soe
 tender#) at I wrpt.
 fa li* Worth Britwto Re***.
 JOHN POI'JIDS,
 or RIGGED ICHOOU.
 Johntunds was the son of a work
 man eny e( i n the Royal Dockyards
 at and was born in that
 town in 76 A 1 the age of fifteen,
 he met w an accident which crippled
 him for li cobbler by trade, be
 spent the part of his benevoletft
 career in imall workshop, measuring
 some six f» by eighteen, in St. Mary
 street, Pomouth, where he might be
 seen day day, seated on his stool,
 mending and attending at the
 same time the studies of a crowd ol
 ragged cljren, clustering around
 him. In action to mental instruction,
 he gave tfa industrial training, and
 taught then} cook their own victuals
 and mend far own shoes. He w*as
 unusually fot 0 f all kinds of birds and
 domestic at|als, and amused himselt
 with birds, jays and
 parrots, whii he trained to live har
 moniously his cats and guinea
 pigs. Som%ies he might be seen
 seated in thefadst of his school, with
 a canary-bir perched on one shoul
 der and a 4 on the other. But he
 was too po&gt;r t* be able long to indulge
 in all fancies. When
 his sclolarv became numerous, he gave
 up hfi cats amvanary birds, and de
 vote* the lattepart of his life exclu
 sivey 1° the mre intellectual employ
 meit of taming nd subduing the “wild
 Aribs of the cit)” How applicable to
 hio the immortilincsol Coleridge:
 Hr prayeth \v« who loveth well
 All things botlreat and small—
 He prayeth liest.ho loveth best
 Both man, am|rd, and beast;
 For the dear Gnfaho loveth us.
 He made and kptli all.”
 The candidatdfor admission to John
 Pounds' school ere always very nu
 merous. But htnvariably gave pre
 ference to the orst as well as the
 poorest children-fo the little black
 guards,” he calld them. He used to
 follow them to tbquay, and offer them
 the bribe of a rotted potato, if they
 would come to hischool. Well was
 he repaid for his nwearied labors by
 the love and afction which these
 children bore to im. It is said that
 John Pounds’ Raged School had the
 following origin: 1 early life he adopt
 ed a young nephe of his own, whom
 he thought he couleducate better with
 a companion thacalone, and he ac
 cordingly enlisted n his service the
 son of a poor wo.n. Then another
 and another child as added, until at
 last he had collectetround him a large
 school of boys and iris. Poor as he
 was, he nephew com
 fortably in the woi; and during the
 latter years of his fe he had no less
 than forty scholars He died on the
 Ist of January, 1831 aged 72. There
 was much weepingand shedding ol
 tears at Portsmouth The children
 had lost at once that father, and best
 friend, and most aiming playfellow—
 Portsmouth had lost *e of her noblest
 ornaments —Englanine of her most
 illustrious patriots. \e rejoice to think
 that many who neve before heard of
 John Pounds will, t’ough Mr. Guth
 rie’s “Second Plea/’\come aeqainted
 with him. How beaiful is the follow
 ing tribute to his menry!
 Were we says Ir. Guuthrie) to
 make a pilgrimage a/where, as soon
 as to the lowly heathfhere the martyr
 reposes, we would dect our steps to
 the busy streets ofPortsmouth, and
 turning aside from te proud array of
 England’s floating buvarks, we would
 seek out the humblehop where John
 Pounds achieved h work of mercy
 and earned an imprishable fame.—
 There is no poetryin his name, and
 none in his professii, but there was
 more than poetry—te highest, noblest
 piety—in his life. Every day within
 his shop he might »e seen cobbling
 shoes, and surrounld by some score
 or two of ragged frehins, whom he
 w’as converting intoiseful members of
 the State. Honor b the memory of
 the patriot cobblei beneath whose
 leathern apron thee beat the kindest
 heart—there gloweck bosom fired with
 the noblest ambition and who, without
 fee from scholar oareward from man,
 while he toiled for. his hard-earned
 bread with the sweaof his brow, edu
 cated not less that five hundred out
 casts before they lad him in the lowly
 grave! Honor, wesay again, to the
 memory of this patriot! Nor
 is there in all the wirld any sight she
 would have travelled so far or 90 soon
 to see, as that self-ame man, when he
 followed some ragjed boy along the
 quays of Portsmouth keeping his kind,
 keen eye upon him. and tempting the
 young savage to his school with the
 bribe of a smoking potato. Princes
 and Peers, judge? and divine*, might
 have stood uncovered in his presence;
 and now marble nonuments might be
 removed from tte venerable walls of
 Westminster— oets, warriors and
 statesmen might give place—to make
 room for him.
 John Pounds hs a nobler and more
 lasting inonumec than any of marble
 or brass— “montnrn/um are perennius,
 regaliqut situ pframulum a thus he
 has
 For epiraph, a.fe well spent,
 Ana mankind futi monument.”
Interesting Experiment. —lt is
 stated that recotly in England, two
 hundred poundi of earth were dried in
 an oven, and ifterwards put into a
 large earthen essel; the earth waa
 then moistened vith rain-water, and a
 w'illow tree, weghing five pounds, was
 placed therein. Care was taken to pre
 vent the additio of fresh earth. After
 growing for fiv years, the tree was re
 moved.|and fond to weigh one bun.
 dred and stty nine pounds an.
 three ounces. Che earth was then re
 moved from he vessel, and again
 dried io the own, and afterwards weigh
 ed; it was diwovered to have lost only
 about two ouaes of its original weight,
 thus, one huneed and sixty four pounds
 of lignin, or w&gt;ody fibre, bark, roots,
 61c., were cerainly produced, but from
 what source?
"W ake up«ere and pay your lodg
 ings,” said tt» Deacon, as he nudged
 a with the contribution
 box.
“Every Haa his twi rkysictaa.”
 THE HOME DOCTOR.
 JF9T PUBLISHED, a
 for every (amilt iu tbe coomry* and onr a M
 he consulted with perfect safetv- A* it* title pan
 tod irate*, it i* -THE HOME DOCTOR, or Funih
 Manual, giving the cause*, rrtnptomf and treatnieiu
 of Disease*; with an account of tbe ayalem while 11
 health, and rule* for preserving that stale. Appea
 led to which are recipe* for whin* car too* medi
 cines ami articles for diet for tbe sick room. The
 whole written for general use and daily practice, by
 John B. Newman, M. D.”
 Abo, actotnpanung this hook, or arparate, is
 “THE HERB BOOK, a book devoted exclusively
 to Herha, giving their names, varieties,description,
 medscal properties and done*, use, time of gathering,
 ind many other directions rery useful for every lara
 ihr to know, and written expresslv for family use.”
 The Herb Book is devoted solely to Papula- .V-d
 -cml Botany, ami will furnish on that pointy
 nrsired information wanted for genera! use.”
 The two books are put up and bound together and
 contain 200 pages, price 25 cents, or sold separate
 at 12$ cents.
 The symptom* of each disease arecarefully given
 so Uiat one may be recognised from another, to phi
 veut practising iu tbe dark; also the treatment ,g
 sketch of general physiology, and rules tor keep.sev
 in health, together w ith observations on their causoe,
 means of avoiding deleterious influences, and *mic
 other remarks as are deemed appropriate, for
 as ale and female.
 The I&gt;ook ha* been written with great care, in a
 plain, simple, common-sense style easily to be un
 ilerstuod by every person, and by a practical physi
 cian ami a thorough botanist. e can recommend
 it with entire confidence. as being a work superior
 m all respects to any other book of the kind evei
 publi«iied at the price.
 Families in the country, and especially those liv
 ing in new countries and" unhealthy elimates, shoukl
 not fail to procure a copy and have it at ail times at
 hand, in rase of sickness as they might thereby by
 some simple remedy save an expensive and protrac
 ted doctors bill. Whether well or sick, such a book
 should lie in every bouse as a safe and sure adviser
 in time of need, the direction given for persons in
 health cannot be too strictly attended to by all.
 Tbe price at which the book is sold is so low that
 every family may have a copy, and none should be
 without it.
 The book is put up in Paper binding, and can
 easily he sent by mail. Postage only 64 cents to any
 aartofthe United States.
 OtJ Any person sending us one dollar by mail, and
 pud paying postage on the letter, shall have four
 copirs sent him free of portage.
 Send in your orders?, there is no risk in sending
 moaey by mail, it comes to us daily, and the liooks
 always reach tlfir destination.
 ifjr Four families can club together and send a
 dollar bill, and hare four books sent to one address.
 W ANTED—Agents in most of the States to sell
 this work, almost every family will purchase it if
 earried to their doors. A small capital of from $2O
 to $5O will lie necessary for each agent. Addiess,
 vast paid, GEO. W. FISHER,
 April 1,1849. 6 Exchange-st, Rochester, N. Y.
NORTHAMPTONJt'ATER CURE.
 ELECTRICITY HYDROPATHY.
 THE important principles of Cutaneous Electricity,
 the discovery of which by the undersigned, lias
 opened so w ide a field for scientific and physiological
 investigation, though ridiculed and opposed at its
 first announcement in 1844, by medical and profes
 sedly scientific men, being now sustained by eminent
 men of philosophic and scientific knowledge, and by
 the experience and testimony of thousands, who have
 tested his theory by examinations in their own eases,
 the undersigned is confident that this principle of
 natural and physiological law, needs only to be un
 derstood to be justly appreciated by an intelligent
 and investigating public.
 Sustained by such testimony, and more than five
 years’ practical experience as a Diagnosian and Hy
 dropathist, the undersigned would here rep&lt; at the
 conulusions at which he has arrived by the sense of
 touch. Ist. That the human body, iu a healthy
 couditiou, is in a positive electrical state. 2d. That
 there are electrical emanations from the cuticlar
 surface, indicative of health, or the nature and
 symptoms of disease. 3d. That in all cases where
 die wrist, stomach, or lungs, are in an electro-posi
 tive state, (however disturbed,) there is hope of a
 cure; but when the parts of the liody alluded to aie
 in the electro-negative state, Hydropathy can afford
 no relief.
 Had not the results of his practice already con
 vinced the public of the truthfulness of the principles
 by which the undersigned is governed, in detecting
 the nature and symptoms of disease, the recent phi
 losophical and scientific demonstration of dicir cor
 rectness, by *Frofessor Means, of Georgia, and Mr-
 Hemmer, of England, and die facts and corrol&gt;ora
 tive testimony adduced by Ur. Forbes, Mr. Since,
 and others, should he sufficient to convince the most
 sceptical.
 Gratefully appreciating the credit so generously
 awarded for his success as a Diagnostic and Hy
 dropathic Practitioner, by a discerning public, and
 the gratitude evinced by those whom he has had the
 pleasure to relieve of their complaints, the under
 gigged will endeavor to merit the confidence of all
 who may afford him an opportunity to effect a cure,
 by bis orrgmal aud philosophical method of practice.
 "The ISorthampton Water Cure is pleasantly situ
 ated near Bensonville, on the west liank of Licking
 Water, or Mill River, about two and a half miles
 from the centre of the town. It is conveniently
 arranged, with parlors, separate bathing and dress
 ing-rooms, for Ladies and Gentlemen, well venti
 lated and conveniently furnished lodging rooms, and
 a variety of baths, abundantly supplied w ith water,
 which, for purity, and adaptedness to water-cure
 purposes, is unsurpassed by that of any oilier estab
 lishment in thb country. A uew and commodious
 building has just been completed, containing a spa
 cious dining hall, aud pleasant lodging rooms, which,
 with the main building, will accommodate from 50
 to 60 patients. A tiymnasimn connected with the
 establishment, affords an agreeable and heilthlul
 indoor exercise. The scenery in this vicinity is
 picturesque and romantic. There are a variety o(
 i pleasant walks, sufficiently retired to allow the pa
 tients to enjoy tlieir rambles without being exposed
 to public gaze or observation
 Among the complaints which are here successfully
 treated, are headache, tendency of blood to the heart,
 cold extremities, general and nervous debility, bron
 chitis, pulmonary affection, liver complaint, jaun
 dice, acute or chronic inflammation of tlie bowels,
 piles, dispepsy, general debility, nervous and spinal
 affections, inflammatory and chronic rheumatism,
 neuralgia, sciatica, lame limbs, paralysis, fevers, salt
 rheum, scrofulous and erysipelas humors.
 All persons who visit this establishment for a
 course of treatment, should furnish tliemselves w ith
 three comfortables, three woollen blankets, one or
 two linen and three cotton sheets, two pillow cases,
 six or eight crash towels, some well worn linen, to
 cut for fomentations, an old cloak or mantle, an urn
 j brella, and a pair of slippers.
 Terms.— For treatment and board from $550 to
 $8 50 per week, payable weekly. For a patient
 (from choice or the nature of his complaint) occu
 pying a room alone oil the first and second floors,
 $9 00—with room-mate, $6,50. For one alone on
 ihe third floor, $8 50—with room-mate, $5 30
 Patients requiring extra attention or fire in then
 j room.-, (except for swathing purposes,) will furnisti
 their own nurses and fuel, or pay an extra price.
 For patients receiving treatment at borne, $1 00.
 Terms for examination, from $2 OO to $5 OO
 i Post-paid letters, with one dollar enclosed, solici
 tmg advice, will receive attention. Correspond mu
 patients should lie particular in slating tlieir la.-i
 treatment and its effect*.
 DAVID RUGGLEB.
 Northampton Mass.. 1849.
 N.B. Visitors to the Establishment, from the
 east, west, or south, can take the cars of the Conu
 River Railroad at Springfield. Carriages ml
 always be in readiness ax the- Northampton depot, u
 convey them hither. That the sick and iiervoua
 may not be disturbed after retiring, visitors arrisnq
 in the evening train are requested to take lodgingi
 at a hotel.
 The human blood, in a normal and healthy con
 dition of the system, is in a positive state, whirl
 j is constantly maintained by the activity of its
 generating sources within—au excess generally pass
 ing off in silence from the cuticular surface, so tna
 out of 356 experiments made by Mr. Hemmer c
 England, upon the uncovered skin,” 322 indicatei
 i die presence of positive electricity. This ■tu’phrag
 of the fluid upon the surface, we believe to be indu
 pensable to tbe healthful condition of the wind
 animal economy, and that when, from any cause, i
 it diminished or ceases, diseased action cusucs.’
 j See address delivered before the Medical College c
 Georgia, at the opening of its annual session, Nov
 1847, by A. Means, A.M., M.D., Professor
 Chemistry and Pharmacy, and Professor of Physics
 Science in Emory College, Ga., page 26
 J Dr. John Forbes, editor of the British and For
 I **l® Medical Review, in an able article on the eon
 j dilion and function of the skin, says: Per hap
 there is scarcely any disease in which the fuoc
 non of the skin not, to some extent, deranged
 f what extent, physicians have not bestowed *uf
 bcient pamv to learn; nor have they been accostome.
 u&gt; give much attention to this part, in the practice
 investigation of disease*. Pbysiotog
 leaches as that it is the vehicle for coavaymg os
 of the system a large amount of natter, as well sols
 as liquid; and practical experience exhibit* it a
 the channel through which the mattnts aserfc ju
 many instances, awl the bwrtbeo of pieihura gene
 rally, find their exit.”
 1 he London Son, alluding to the discovery a
 voltaic elect! ieitv by Alfred Nmee, Surgeon to tb
 Bank of England, says: By a teat which he terns
 electro-voltaic, he has satiated himself that the ter
 ■moaUow of the acaaor nerves ax* pmiuv* poles g
s voltaic circuit, while the muscular substance is the
 negative pole. The eeosor nerves are the telegraph*
 which carry the sensation to the hram, and the motor
 nerves carry hack the volition to the musrkrs.*' JBe»
 IV. Y. Tribune, April 7, 1349
 Dr. Hoiick. on the object of electricity .remark*
 There is no agent that a fleets the body more, b».il
 natural)y*nnd artificially.** See his work on Neu
 ropathy, published in iiiilsdrtpbia in 1817. p. 127
 The following extract is from an mterestina arti
 cle on electricity, copied bv the N Y. Joarua) os
 Commerce from a foreign jloentific Heview “I
 do not pee ten-1 to say that a deficic-iry of els-ctriciiy
 may not occur in one part of the huro.m bndv, an
 an excess in some othrr part, for a time, atid that
 this may not be the cause of discuse. aad the re*to
 ration of the equilibrium the cure; I think this most
 likely, and that it is upon this principle, in a great
 measure, that die wonderful effects of electro, mag
 netism in the cure of disease, are to be explained
 It is certain that, when our electrical machine* are
 most actively productive, we all feel most vigorous
 Our nervous systems are then most firm; our diges
 tive organ* most active, our minds most clear
ATHOL HATER (THE.
 THE Subscriber heg* leave to f*N tie attention
 of Invalids, especially those suffering from
 chronic disease, to hi* hydropathic establishment in
 Athol, Mass.
 His house was opened for tbe reception of patients
 last season, and it is believed offers excellent facili
 ties for a philosophic and thorough course in hydro
 pathy. The supply of water iv abundant, and in
 puritv has been pronounced equal to water on a
 distifted.” The location is quite eligible, btii
 a short distance from the V. &amp;M. railroad. The
 vicinity abound* in a variety of scenery, and lias
 charming ground* for walks and rambles. So that
 with the water, suitable regimen, mountain air, and
 exercise, patients can scarcely fail to obtain the
 healthful results for which they labor.
 The following case illustrates this remark. Mrs.
 8., wife of D*». 8., of Warwick, Mass., aged
 about tbirtv-five years, was brought to me la.*l
 August. Her case presented the following pheno
 mena. If placed in an erect position, and left un
 supported. she forthwith fell backward to the
 ground. If being well supported, she made an
 effort to walk, either foot, when carried forward,
 despite her efforts to the contrary, would cross the
 other. She had been in this condition nearly a
 rear. Her treatment commenced the 16th of Sept.,
 and was continued to the 25th Oct. only, when ;;he
 left, so far recovered as to be able to walk half a
 mile with ease. Since her return to her family, «he
 h&amp;* continued lier baths, with corresponding im
 provement to her health. She now attends to her
 domestic duties, and with the assistance of a small
 girl, does the work of her family.
 Patient* are desired to bring three comfortables,
 one pair of woollen blankets, one pair of sheets,
 half a dozen towels marked, with old linen lor
 bandages.
 Terms, from five to ten dollars per week, accord
 ing to the necessities or ehoice of the patients.
 Those who are less particular it&gt; the selection ol
 rooms, or are willing to occupy tltem in common
 with others, will be charged less.
 Athol, March, 1848. GEORGE HOYT.
British Periodical Literature.
 The London Quarterly Review, the Edinburgh Review,
 The North British Rnirw, the Westminster Renew,
 and Blackwood's Edinburgh \fagaZinr.
 The wide-spread fame of these splendid periodi
 cals render* it needless to say much in their praise.
 As literary organs, tiiey stand far in advance of
 anything of the sort now published, while the jxdit
 ical complexion of each is marked by a dignity,
 candor, and forbearance, not often found in works
 of a party character.
 They embrace the view s of the three great parties
 in England—Tory, Whig, and Radical. Black
 wood and the London Quarterly are Tory; the
 Edinburgh Review Whig; and the Westmin
 ster Review Radical. The North British Re
 view is more of a religious character, having lieen
 originally edited by Dr. Chalmers, and now, since
 his death, being conducted by his son-in-law, Dr.
 Hanna, associated with Sir David Brewster. Its
 literary character is of the very highest order. The
 Westminster, though reprinted tin :er that title only,
 is publiseed in England under the title of The For
 eign Quarterly and Westminster—it being in fact a
 union of the two Reviews formerly republished and
 reprinted under separate titles. It has, therefore,
 the advantage by this combination of uniting iu one
 work the best features of both as heretofore issued.
 The above Periodicals are reprinted in New York,
 immediately on their arrival by the British steamers,
 in a beaut it ul dear type, on fine white paper, and
 are faithful copies of the originals, Blackwood’s
 Magazine, being an exact facsimile of the Edinburgh
 edition.
 PRICKS FOR 1849, (if subscribed for early.)
 For any one of the four Reviews, $3 00 per annum.
 For any two do 6 00
 For any three do 7 00
 For all four of the Reviews, 8 00
 For Blackwood’s Magazine, 3 00
 For Blackwood and tne 3 Revtews, 9 00
 For Blackwood the 4 Reviews, 10 00
 Payments to be made in all cases in advance
 CLUBBING.
 Four copies of any or all the above works w ill b
 sent to one address on paynfent of the regular sub
 script inn for three—the fourth copy being gratis.
 EARLY COPIES.
 A late arrangement with the British publishers of
 Blackwood’* Magazine secures to us early sheet* of
 that work, by which we shall be able to place the
 entire number in the liand* of subscriber* before any'
 Sortion of it can lie reprinted in any of the American'
 ournals. For this and oilier advantages secured to
 our subscriliers we pay so large a consideration, that
 we may be compelled to raise tlte price of the Maga
 zine. Therefore we repeat “subscribe early while
 the price is low.
 Remittances and communications should lie always
 addressed, post-paid or franked, to die publishers,
 LEONARD SCOTT CO.
 70 Fulton street, New York.
Asylum for the Sick who have been con
 fined to their beds from 1 to 20 years.
 DR. HAMILTON’S Hydropathic and Anyalytic
 Asylum, No 217 Exchange Street, opposite the
 Orphan Asylum, Rochester, N.Y. This Institution
 is now firmly established and in successful opem
 tion. The proprietor analyxes every diseas r hat is
 admitted there,and applies the natural and appro*'
 priate remedy Although water is used in every way
 that is applied in any water-cure establishment in|
 the United States, yet the proprietor wishes it to be
 expressly understood that it is not relied on as the only
 or principal teinedy in the treatment of di«ea«e sub
 mitted to his care.
 This Establishment is designed for that class of
 invalids who have failed to obtain their health by all
 other systems »f practice, and are still unable to
 walk or stand on their feet, and are confined to their
 beds, wearing out a life of misery and suffering with
 out anv hope oferer lieing any better.
 The remedies made use of in this Institution not
 only entirely remove disease liut give increased
 strength and elasticity to the system. Many have
 been brought here from different parts of the coun
 try, who had neither walked or borne their weight
 on their feel from five to fifteen years; and some
 who have heen unable to dress or undress, or even
 to feed themselves, and in the course of a few weeks
 would he walking with the elasticity of youth and
 die quickness of a pedestrian, astomdied at tbem
 ■atvrs. and surprising their ft tends and all who saw
 tiiem w hen they first came. The treatment of this
 Institution is particularly calculated to remove the
 diseases peculiar to females, such as
 Ist. The falling of the Womb, in all its stages
 ami conditions m patients, from twelve years of age
 up to sixty, ami even it they have leen confined to
 their beds from one to twenty, unable to slam), walk,
 dress, or undress llw-iuseive*, or even 100 feeble to
 bear anv noise or speak aloud.
 2d. W eakness and Falling of the Bowels; Fain
 in the Side, Shoulders, Back and Head- Spinal
 Diseases, Liver Complaints, Sink mg Sensation at
 the Stomach, Palpitation ot tiie Heart, Dyspepsia
 in all its forms ana stages, Pile*, Covtivene-*, Di-,
 arrives, of the Me nee*, Excessive
 Menstruation, Whites, all Nervous Diseases, Cold
 Feet and Hands, St. Anthony’s Dance, ’fetter* of
 i all kinds, Halt Rheum, m its wont forms, .Neural
 gia, Tie Douloureux, Rheumatism, I wwsnptkm! in
 its hist stages. General Weakness ami Debility.
 The proprietor lias given bis whole attention to
 the above diseases for the last ten years, ami has
 treated them in an entirely different way ft-vn any
 other private practice or public Institution in this
 country; and such has been bis success, and so cer
 tain are hU remedies in their effect* on those dis
 ease*, that instead of publishing a lo'ig list of cer
 tified cures, he wishes to give that class of invalids
 seeking to obtain their health a softvrieoi guarantee
 against any false pretensions, exaggeration, impo
 sition or deception, ao that ao one need be to any
 expense m this Institution without being bauefited
 The proprietor will enter into a special contrar.
 with any one who wishes to do ao, that he w.H ad
 mit usto the Institution, to aduac the nuey ami
 pay all the expenses from any par, of the Tailed
 Ht ie* here and bask home again, before he coca
 aieoce* the tieauncnt, and give a bond to l*«ard tnem,
 Uigethei with his profossioual services, for nothing,
 if le does not help them according lo contract. Any
 one thinking the abort proposition not a sufocieai
 guarantee against untiepi cseaUliom and expense
 without receiving equal benefit, can let the proprie
 -1 tor know what wii- he aalisfoctorr, and it shall be
 dulv cot tidered.
 This Institution has grown op from private prac
 tice by the loAeeacr of those who have been helped
 here, as nothing has ever lets published before L
 and the proprietor mean* that it shall sustain hwi
 by iu own menu, or pay the expense of thaw who
 choose to make a eont'art ta caw of failure. The
 of due Circular is aot to make known the
 i cam that hare hew made in this laeutuuon, btcaasv
they ifnwl soon hr lie red felt lo let it Iw mori
 extensively known the poor suffering invalid
 tkat tusve qent hundred* of dollars m trying ah
 other *v*tetn* id pririir., jiel without modi r *r rr&gt;j
 benefit, and *lill remain confined to tbrsr from
 five *c. twenty years, t: it ihete an I»*t*tuXron
 whose treatment i« dif*. i nt fr &gt;m any other one the
 I’nifrd States, and i* pirrirtdvrH vrlipted to their
 situation, an i rat, have &gt;i cost them netiu.ig unless
 diev are materially Iviehinl.
 From the nr tire of treatment in this Institution,
 the nnudwt ofpatient* n«t Mir.iwri, therrfose the
 jienj net &lt;i e* n t *olk it t; e patronacr of slight ai»d
 -idiriiirv ruse* which msv he einK' helprd I V other
 «y?terti* of practice; nor he w.int am one to
 come, unfe** die\ wnti to k ct writ, ,i»y! j-r willing
 to be made well enough t■ w ill, f. five to twenty
 miles at a time, ami Inflow it iq ,Lnr after day in
 surccssioi;; and al«o willing t.» nude j., eo
 dure a* much labor nod titigne a. to of people
 that call themselves well, fie mean* that every
 one dial g &gt;es through a llsir .iigh course of treatment
 in dv* Analytic In-tiluto n shall show b&gt; tl*.;. n _
 creased «treng»h. elasticity of motion, hrmne*. .4
 texture, capability of endurance, and improved
 health, that die treatment in this Institution is found
 ed on the natural law* of organised m«tter, and
 consequently u* superiority oTer ererv ether dif
 ferent system of pnrt ce.
 All eomtnunieattons addressed to Dr. THOMAS
 HAMILTON, Rochester,post paid, will receive
 immediate attention. Ii requested, reference will
 be made to those who have been he’pod in do* lost,,
 tution anda!«o good reterenre* a* to responsibility
 ortlie propriet y to meet the d ve expenses if,
 required
Hart's VfjrfiabJr lAiraci
 I s the only remedy that r:m t&lt;- rrlifj on ff die
 permanent cure of Spasmodic ('•&gt;utnrti.&gt;n«. Irr.n
 tiun of the Nerve, Nervon- or k He*, ache
 Nervous Tremor*. Neundgic AfiVGenera
 nubility, Deficiency of Nervou* md l'liy-ica| Fner
 gy. and all Nervous Disorder-, inr!i!,;mj» the mo-t
 dreadful of all di.*en»e; (hat if.*', i the la:m,in iarr
 Efslrpty. VT Falling AVl.**- Hysterical Fit*,
 Convulsions, Spa n... it well known, that
 from tituc imtnrtnoi ittl, Ph\*iri:in* have pronounced
 Epileptic Fits incurable. It hr;« 1 a filed all their
 skill, and the boasted power of .'l4! medicine, an
 consequently thousand -have sufteii.l through a mi
 erahlecxistrnec. ami at !«*t yielded up their lites on
 the Altar of Inxu to, t, The proprietor t t the Yegi-t
 able Extract, however, Iwl* no delicacy in sa^lUt
 that it ran be cured. lie would, therefore, rcepen.
 fully invite phv*u kiiis, ami all other* who are inter
 ested, to examine the t. tiiiiony w l.n li her* oflcre.t
 If it i* deception, h t 1: lie xpo cd tmt if u
 true, tlten in the name of huuiaoiU, no longei let 1
 lie «aid that Epilepsy is incurable!
 H'art't VrgrtaLlr Urtra.i For sixteen year*-,
 has been tested bv mam pci ons who have suffered
 with this dreadtui disease, and in overv ease where
 it ha* had a lair Inal, ha* 1 fleeted a permanent
 pure.
 bol. Itensdow of unkrrs, .\iw VOl k, state* that
 his daughter has lieen aftlieted with l it.* f or nion
 than nine years, and has been cured by the Use of
 the Vegetable Extract.
 Mrs. J. Hirtdey, 115 Orchnid street. \ew York,
 states that -lie has I wen .subject to Fits lor mauv
 years, and has Uen restored to perfect hoi It h (after
 every other means had talk'd) |&gt;v the use of the
 vegetable I’xtract.
 Dr. Charles A. Brown, of Dover, Russell co.
 Alabama, who 1.- one ot tin' Is si I’hv-ieians in riic
 State, says that he lias Is en iinn li Is netiitcd by the
 use ol the Vegetable Extrart, and that hr inihesitaf
 ingly prescribe* it in 1 very ease of Epilepsy which
 comes tinder his knowledge.
 Curtis IMaylwrry, Esq., formerly Postmaster
 at Lime Mills, Craw turd Co., Pa., „ow living in
 I'.rie 0., Pa., state* that tor many v"ar# past he
 has been sorely alflieted with Fits, "and he is now
 happy to state that a persevering us** of Dr. Unit's
 Vegetable Extract, has restored lorn to sound health,
 being entirely freed from that worst of all diseases.
 Judge Randall, N. 156 Hemy street, [New York!
 having used the egetabie Extract successfully- in
 his family, highly letoinniends it to all persons who
 are afflicted w itli Fits.
 M. Steplieu E. Pratt, miner of Sixth Avenue
 and Twenty-Sixth street, .New York, stales that
 Mr. has, H. Roughton. a meml-s 1 of his family ha„
 lieen so severely atilieted with Epileptic Fits lor
 many years, that In; was obliged to relinquish ins
 business. Having used Dr lint’s Vegetable Ex
 trart (says Mr. Pratt,; lie was roon reMoied to
 perfect health, and left this city for the Slate ol
 1 Ohio to resume his business.
 Rev. Mr. Smith, Rector ol St. Peters Churrn,
 Spotswood, New- Jersey, who has been afflicted
 with Epileptic Fits for more than forty years, states
 that he has used Dr. Hart’s Vegetable Extract, and
 his health has been so much improved that he h« pea
 by Divine blessing, to have no more Fits.
 F/nlrptic Fits. —For twenty-seven years and six
 months, cured bv the use of this truly wonderful
 medicine.
 Read the following remarkable case of the son of
 Wm. Secore, Esq, of Philadelphia, afflicted with
 Epileptic Fits twenty-seven years and six months
 Alter travelling through England, Scotland, Ger
 many and France, consulting the most eminent
 physicians, and expending for medicine, medical
 treatment and advice three thousand dollars, returned
 w ith his son to this country in November .last, with
 out receiving any lienefit whatever, and was cured
 by using Hart's cgrtahlr Extract. —I have spent
 over three thousand dollars for medicine and medical
 attendance. I was advised to take a lour to Eu
 rope with him which 1 did. I first visited England
 I consulted the most eminent physicians there m
 respect to his case; they examined him and prescri
 bed accordingly. I remained there three mon bs
 without perceiving any change for the better, which
 cost me about two hundred and fifty dollars, pock
 eted by the physicians, and the most that I received
 was their opinion that my son’s cam- was hopeless
 an&lt;l POSITIVELY INCURABLE 1 accordingly
 left England travelled through Scotland, Germany
 and France, and returned home i n the month ol
 November last, with my son as far irom being cured
 ar when 1 left, I saw your advertisement m one of
 the New York papers, and concluded to try Hart’s
 Vegetable Extract, seeing your statements and
 certificates of „o many cures, some of twenty and
 thirty years standing, and I can assure you I am not
 sorry I did so, ax by die use of Hart's V egetable
 Extract alone he was restored to PERFECT
 HEALTH. His teason, which was *0 fir gone as to
 unfit him for business is entirely restored, with the
 prospect now before him of life, health and useful
 nes«. He is now 28 years of atre, and 27 -.eats b
 months of this time bas been afflicted with tin 1
 most dreadful of diseases, but thank God 1* now
 enjoying good health.
 Now, sir, faith without work* I don’t believe
 in. To say I shall lie ever grateful to you is one
 thing, and a* I here em lose you one hundred dol.ars,
 I have no doubt but you will thmk this Knottier amt
 quite a different thing. The debt of gratitude I stilt
 owe you; but please accept this amount as interest
 on da* debt in advance.
 Yours, very respectful!*,
 (-igned) W ILLIAM .SECORE,
 TESTIMONY I PO\ TESTIMONY.
 11l reference to the almost miraculous edit ary ot
 this truly wonderful medicine, read tl*. following
 letter from l»r. VV 1.. Mon..**, of Guilford, Ohio)
 on*- of die most nmiK-iit physician* in that place
 Guilford, &lt;Him, Aug 11*t 17, IMlb.
 Brother lals.rer in die cause of humanity—Dear
 sir; It i* with no small degree of pleasure that 1
 am enabled to announce to you the complete triumph
 of your invaluable medicine in rw Epilepsy I
 h«;v. prescribed it u, four instances u.n Jfo,.
 and it Ins been highly suriessful ui all. Three o,
 tlk- patients, 1 mist, have t». radically cured.
 1 lie lourtli oi*- i* rapidly unprovmg. and will, 1
 think w jdiout doubt recover. lam not t| M habit
 of prescribing or recommending pnterit medicine-,
 tail when I see an ariu V which promises so nmch
 for the relief of suffering Immunity, I (eel my duty
 Ui recoion*-r*fi it, ami i have no itesibtiiin in sav
 ing dial as s*x&gt;n as liw- faculty are hilly acquainted
 witii tiie real merit ol \i*ir medicine, tla-y will
 close their eyes against prejudice ami lend'you a
 belouig hand.
 I Mtiiarrihr my sell vours, sincerely,
 (Signed) W I. MONROE, M. I)
 To Dr. S. Hart, New York,
 THE TIME 1.8 NOT FAR DISTANT
 When thoo.-ands who are jW uemWmg under
 the liand of tin* oread; 4 dtaeaw, ami (earing tfovt
 every atta.k may prove foul, will hod prr.iLnem
 rel*-t ami restored to new hfc, by using this
 celelirateil medic 10*
 OVER ONE THOUSAND CERTIED ATFH
 Have l»sn received in Uwiu»w&gt;oy f liiC
 result pr.-U-cl 1 0 tl*- ,„e of Dr. Hail’. egH.
 &gt;4r r.xfrarf.
 OTJe I'rejssre.i by H HART, M I*., New York.
 i r 53 00
 Do f.uu t *rkag, s 10(w
 *-'rh’package, (M&gt;
 jy It i» cuetuiiy packe«l up m Isuxes hr 'r*n«-
 potUUon srnc an&gt; of u Bllril
 Jf***’. VVest In.!.*-•
 THOMAS k. MILS, m IUI trw Cln
 cnuatii, Ohio, General Agent, lor it*- United
 state,, to whom all e.-mnmnicuiion, net \m ad
 dre*«d Post Pa*].
 A H k D. Sands Corner of Fulton awl WilUasaSt
 New York.
 H. D. Wade, Mam k ht Pauli Rodmtn,
 ft-* 217 M«m fU&lt;Ti liuSakf,
 H. It F._ Gay fed. Agent* fur Cleveland CHuO,
 ray At KilUmurne, Coiniobu*,
 k G, H Hill, Detroit, Mwh.gan,
 Wm. uniungbam, MdlwauXa; Wu.
 J. R Reed, and Co-, Umaro 111.
 Dort. T Ms*oU, Dwlusjui lowa-
 H. Blacky ley, and CV, St. l-ouis Mo
 And for Hale by Bewt of tbe prnKipul Dtigyisie,
 ibreuehoui the I tutrd Stales.
 THOM AS k MILLS, 1W M«..i «reat,
 0.-1/ UUK Ui o*u.Ok m
