■’REM'.MI k I«*IT,I..\S?, Editor.
VOL. 11. NO. 86.
•The NORTH STAR i* published even
 Fri Jay. at No. 25, Huflalo Street,
 tppn*ltf fkf A~C*dr.)
 TERMS.
 «T m i dollar* p*r annum. mV*** ndmnc*.
 fub.cr.pUoo w.ll I- received lor
 j; v ir.nnths.
 Adverti«rne*t* f*“» exceeding ton lino* m*orte.
 hroo ti.no* for on* dollar; even »ulwe«|«ieiit itwer
 tion, twenty-five cent 1
 IHK &lt;*b.ect ..I the &lt;k rm St will to *tuci
 ft t. AVERT in all it* form, and aspects; advocati
 I' k,v&gt;: h a l Emancipation; exalt the etandan
 of IVonc Moralitt; promote the morel and in
 i*Uect»i»l improvement of llte l oi.or r P People,
 and hasten ii»e day of FREEDOM to the litßEt
 Maun** of &lt;*ur Exst *vr.n l-r.ii.ow Coi n-
 ThT* l
 PUBLISHER'S NOTICES.
 fry- \|l communicati ms relating to tlve burnt*'
 n.i 'tirr* of the paper, names of euWiilwrs, remit
 tance, &amp;c., should U addressed to J‘*HN I&gt;KK,
 I uhli*her.
 Agent*, and all other* sending name*. ar&gt;'
 r quelled to U* accurate, and give the &lt;&gt;*t Office,
 the County, and the Stnie. Each Subscriber t* im
 mediately credited for money received.
 fry. Anv person sending in ihe payment tor lout
 •übscrdier*, to V forwarded to one address, tna\
 liafe a fifth copy f&gt;r one year.
 ,&lt;y All letters and communications must he post
 aid.
 LIST or AGENTS.
 Massachi si tts.-K. F. Walcott. 21 Coruh.il,
 Boston; Nathan Johnson. New Bedford; Horat.o V.
 Foster, Lowell; James N. Buffum, Lyiuj; Oeorg*
 Evans, Worcester; Bourne Spoo.ver, 1
 Charles 11. Seth, Springfield; David Kngg
 Northampton; 11. Carpenter, Cptoii.
 Maine. —Oliver Dennett, Portland.
 VERMONT.—RowIand T. Robinson, North fer
 ri f^o*^N ECTlCPT. —Jonathan Leonard, New Haven
 Nrw lIA wPS Mi RE:. —M care Tappan, Bradford.
 V..HK,-Svl.l.V 11. li.V, 142. Sl»M»
 Slre.l; M.Cu!,. Smi.li.M, «t tt™»l» I
 Jo.enh Post. Westlmrv, Queen Countv; &gt;lar\ Har
 per, Albanv Elias Doty, Macedon W illetts Kecse,
 Pen, Clinton County; William S. Baltimore, Pro
 J F. Platt, Penn Van; J. Jeffrey. Geneva; L. L.
 1 1 Rhour Island.—Amaraticv Pa• ue, Providence.
 PennsylvaniaJ• M. M’K.in,3lNurtn Fifth
 Street, Philadelphia; G. W. Gomes, 8, Exchange
 Place. Ditto; B. Bnwn, Pittsburgh; Min. Whipper,
 Columbia; Isaac Roberts, Jacob L. Paxon, Norris
 own, Montgomery County, Milo A. Town.end,
 New Brighton.
 Omo. —Christian Donaldson, Cincinnati, l,
 i on and Gaines, Ditto; Valentine Nicholson, Har
 vavsburgh, Warren Co.; Samuel Brooke, Salem.
 Michigan. —Robert Bank*, Detroit.
 Indiana. —Joel P. Davis, Economy, Uayne Lo
Selections.
 From the Spirit of the Ag»&gt;.
 THE FIKST OF AUGUST.
 This sacred anniversary—whose eve
 ry return proves more conclusively
 that Principle and Policy are one and
 inseparable-—is tho fitting occasion tor
 flinging to tho breeze the
 anti-slavery flag.
 It would be a pleasure to speak of
 thd triumphant progress of Emaneipa-
 tion in the English V\ est India Islands,
 and to bear a tribute of honor to the
 successful eHurts ot our colored coun
 trymen to assume their rightful position,
 industrially, socially, religiously in the
 free States of the Union. But the
 urgency of the times presents other
 topics. The end of this article is sim
 ply to take ground on the question of
 Slavery Extension, now’ forced upon the
 people of this nation, and to open one
 plain path of political duty.
 FACTS AND PROBABILITIES.
 The pouring in ot a flood ot treemen
 upon California —the professed desire
 of the Administration to devolve upon
 citizens already there the responsibility
 of forming institutions for the new state
 —the growing expectation that this state
 will apply to Congress, next winter, for
 admission to the Union—the action ot
 Mr. Ciav, Mr. Benton, and other lead
 ing statesmen of both the great parties,
 in favor of the Jefferson or ilinot
 Proviso—the progressive development
 of right principle in Kentucky—the
 augmenting numbers, spiril, resolution,
 of the Free Soil parly —the seeming
 trepidation of the slave power—the
 manifestation of popular feeling and
 purpose throughout the Free States—
 and the tone of the public press—are
 certainly encouraging omens. And,
 were it not for the incredible artifices
 and successful trickery ot the past ten
 years, wdiose bitter experience is tiesh
 in memory, a sanguine person might be
 ready to exclaim: Tliank Cod, the
 beginning of the end has come; slavery
 is shut up, and so will surely, speedily
 die.”
 But, on the other hand, when he
 calls to inmd Texas annexation and the
 Mexican war, whose monstrous inhu
 manity this people was tempted to swal
 low by the coating of gam wherewith
 the poison was candied.—listens to the
 insidious whisper of “Cuba,” —con-
 siders how easy it is to breed a litter
 of pretexts for further spoliations of
 Mexico by the fain jus, or inlamous,
 Protocol and otherwise, —observes the
 desperation of the slave power, pul at
 bay and fighting for very life, —reflects
 on the innumerable lures, bribes, in
 trigues, which by correspondence and
 conversation are brought {o bear upon
 all expectants of political preferment—
 remembers the unity of wrong and in
 terest that h Id* together the slavehnl
 dmg oligarchy, and Hie variety ot
 and interests w ich distract freemen ol
 the South, North and West, while one
 party is strong in the prestige of ruling
 by the established precedent of “divide
 and conquer, and the other purty
 weak trom habitot concession and
 connivance—finally, when be looks the
 tact luirlv in the tace that President
 Taylor was the slaveholders’ candidate,
 and that Mr. Compromise Clayton is
 prime minister—lie canu ,t hut icel that
 Che hour is fraught with perils, which
 which call for vigilance, courage, de
 termination, such as Irceinen of th.
 United States have never yet exercised
 Probable triumph, one dares to hope,
 *s on the side of justice and humanity;
 and before a year is passed it may o*
 the privilege of this people to congrutu
 late one another on the assurance, inn.
 tome atonement has been made for the
THE NORTH STAR.
nation’s crime of conquest and usurpa
 tion, and some pledge of practical peni
 tence offered to mankind by hypocritical
 professors of republicanism, whose free
 institutions are based upon oppression.
 But let us not be sluggish, or self-con
 fident; for then the tragedies 1849 will
 he consummate d in a catastrophe more
 dark and dreadful even than the tri
 -1 urnphs of absolutism in Europe—by
 spreading over the once free regions of
 Mexico the black and bloody shroud of
 slavery.
 PROSPECTIVE POLICY.
 If one could believe that the Admin
 istration are really impartial; if there
 w as not ground for fearing that the du
 bious phrase of General Riley’s proc
 lamation, several times repeated,—
 “Laics not inconsistent icith the Consti
 tution and Laics of the United States
 is meant to cover the slaveholding
 “Compromises;” if there was reason
 for supposing that the people of Cali
 fornia would be left free to organize
 their own institutions, and to apply, in
 their own way, for admission to the
 Union; or if, in the event that such ap
 plication shall be found premature next
 winter, the naked question of slavery
 extension or slavery limitation could be
 presented to Congress—the way would
 be plain. Then, it might be briefly
 settled, that slavery shall bring its long
 tolerated aggressions to an end. But
 it would be childish credulity to expect
 that any such simple problem will be
 offered for solution. No! The slave
 power knows its own weakness too
 w r ell for straightforwardness—reckless,
 haughty, presumptuous, though it is.
 Its policy will he to complicate the
 question, wrap it about in a web of
 constitutional sophistries, mix it up with
 party issues, overlay it with all manner
 of delusive projects, and hide the single
 aim of slavery extension amidst specious
 professions of regard for national in
 terests. What pathos, indignation,
 logic, paternal love of California, pro
 testations of patriotism, conservative
 appeals in behalf of the violated consti
 tution, &amp;.C., will the walls of both
 chambers of the capitol echo, next
 winter; and beneath what tons of
 printed twaddle will stages, steamboats,
 railroads, groan on every mail route.
 True wisdom is to be prepared for
 any possible crisis. Are we prepared?
 Let us look at some of the combinations
 which may be offered to the delibera
 tive and decision of the people and
 statesmen before six months are over:
 California offers itself with a
 slaveholding constitution, or what a
 mounts to the some, a constitution not
 positively prohibiting slavery. What
 shall the party of freedom do? Reject
 it instantly, uncompromisingly. Are
 we ready for that course, with all the
 consequences? Before answering, let
 us consider what these consequences
 are.
 2. Congress cannot be brought to
 reject such a constitution. What shall
 the party of freedom do? Retire, Sen
 ators and Representatives; announce
 to their respective States and constitu
 encies that the Union is broken; and
 summon in legal modes private assem
 blies of the people to form a New Union
 of Freemen.
 3. Congress will not pass the anti
 slavery extension proviso. What shall
 the party of freedom do? Declare that
 the old State l will he in no way parti
 cipators in the crime of slavery exten
 sion over new states; call upon the
 Californians to preserve their free in
 stitutions; and, if necessary, take mea
 sures, as in the previous case, for or
 ganizing a .Yeic Union, including Cali
 fornia.
 4. Congress accepts California with
 a free constitution, or else passes the
 anti-9lavery extension proviso; and one,
 two, three, of the slaveholding states
 nultify or secede. What shall the party
 of freedom do? Take them at their
 word; proceed instantly to conform and
 and carry out a decisive policy of sla
 very limitation, and admit the self exiled
 states again, only on condition of their
 adopting constitutions based upon eman
 cipation, equality and justice.
 The simplest combinations have been
 purposely presented for the end of
 bringing dearly out this one thought—
 that any successful attempt to extend sla
 very over the territories, newly submit
 ted to our guardianship, should be
 treated as a virtual dissolution of
 the Union.
 Unless the party of freedom is pre
 pared to take this firm ground of prin
 ciple, it is to be feared—and it would
 be false to hide the fear—that once
 again the freemen of this nation will
 find themselves cajoled, brow-beaten,
 and entrapped into suicidal and criminal
 subservience to the faction of a slave
 bolding oligarchy, which has tyrannized
 over the United Slates for a half cen
 tury. Slavery must, on no considera
 tion, be allowed a hair’s-breadth of
 standing room in these new countries.
 It would be fatal folly to talk of abol
 ishing it if once allowed to show its head
 there. Let not “Repeal” of slavery
 extending legislation be dreamed of or
 mentioned as a possibility. “The
 Proviso,” or a “Free Constitution,”
 should bo the calm, unflinching, inexo
 rable demand.
 1 his course is the only conservative
 &gt;ne, and throws the blame of destruc
 tive policy where it rightly belongs, on
 (he aggressive slave-power. It is the
 only righteous one according to the
 acknowledged principles of our govern
 ment, the religion professed by our
 nation, the plain dictates of humanity,
 and the law of God.
 Had freemen been deliberately, firmly
 o&gt;ady, at the time of the annexation of
 lYxas and the Mexican war, to say to
 tie slave-power, Put your plots in
 •xecution at your peril; their consuio
 nation will be held by uf to be a virtual
 of the Old L won, nod wc
RIGHT IS OF NO SEX—TRrTH IS OF NO 001/&gt;R—GOD IS TH# FATHER OF VS ALL. AND ALL WE ARE BRETHREN
shall straightway summon the people to
 form a New Union,”—this nation never
 would have been plunged upon its infa
 mous career of robbery and murder.
 •Vote, at last, then let us be prepared.
 Let the people, in their primary assem
 blies, let Legislatures and Mate Con
 ventions, let Representatives and Sena
 tors in Congress announce their abso
 -1 lute resolve in the brief words: Slarery
 Limitation or the Mat i nion of Freemen.
 l__
 Fmm Uie Rinuio'liam (Eng.) Mercury.
 I AMERICAN COURTESY AND LIB
 ERTY.
 Most of our readers know the name,
 1 we presume, of Mr. Frederick Doug
 j lass, the man of color, who, escaping
 from slavery, published an account of
 his own and his “master’s” doings du
 ring his bondage under a citizen of the
 “freest country in the world,” and
 i afterwards traveled through our less
 favored land,” giving lectures on the
 state of the blacks—slaves and freed
 men —of North America. Probably
 some of them may have heard him speak
 in the Town-hall here; nav, have gone
 so far as to shake hands with him, and
 remain seated within a few yards ol
 him. Do they remember any thing
 strikingly unpleasant in such close con
 tact with this specimen of the highest
 race of monkeys?” Do they think they
 could possibly have taken any meal in
 l his company? YVe presume they will
 surely say No to the one and Yes to the
 j other, especially after reading the fol
 lowing account, received from our own
 correspondent, who, be it well marked,
 was on board the steamer mentioned at
 the time.
 On Thursday, May the 24th—we like
 to be particular, in order to aid the
 memory of any passenger concerned in
 our story—Mr. Frederick Douglass, in
 company with two English ladies, left
 Albany by the steamboat Alida, Capt.
 I Fred. W. Strue, for New York. The
 I breakfast of the party was early and
 hurried, as the steamer started at 7
 a. m. There w’ere many passengers
 on board, chiefly Americans. (We
 must say we hope there were not many
 Englishmen.) Soon after starting, a
 Presbyterian minister from Cincinnati,
 who had become acquainted with Mr.
 Douglass the day before, joined the trio.
 Seeing a notice posted up—“ Passe
 ngers can be accommodated with meals
 at any hour of the day —the ladies
 wished for luncheon about 11 a. &gt;i., but
 agreed to wait, and order dinner for
 four in about an hour, including coffee.
 Mr. Douglass we#t below to order it.
 The steward took the order, but noth
 ing being forthcoming in half an hour,
 he went again, and came back with the
 news that they must yet be patient.—
 About 1 p. m. a bell sounded, and forth
 with the passengers all turned towards
 the saloon. &gt;lr. Douglass and his
 three companions descended and seated
 themselves at a table spread for dinner,
 but not yet furnished with guests. Se
 veral American gentlemen seated
 themselves at the opposite end, but, on
 glancing up the table, suddenly seemed
 to have forgotten something, and, ri
 sing, went to another.
 in a few minutes, a small man came
 up to Mr. Douglass, and, tapping him
 oh the shoulder, said, Y~ou mustn’t
 sit here!” YY r hat did you observe?”
 asked Mr. D. 1 say you must n’t sit
 here; you know you mustn’t. It’s
 against our rules.” “Against what
 rules? Pray who are you? for I don’t
 know,” asked Mr. Douglass. I’m
 the steward, and 1 say you mustn’t be
 here.” Well,” said Mr. D., “show
 me your rules; I should like to see
 them. 1 saw it written up on the cap
 tain’s office, that Passengers can be
 eccommodated with meals at any hour
 of the day;’ I am a passenger—l’ve
 paid my fare, and I wish for my dinner
 now, and here.” The small dignitary
 replied, “You know it’s against our
 rules, and I command you to leave the
 table.” And so saying, he strutted off
 to fetch the captain. Meantime, at two
 long tables sat some forty or fifty lean,
 lantern-jawed Americans, “bolting”
 away, and looking on—how shall we
 say? Down came the captain, the first
 mate, the cook, and the small steward,
 to drag Mr. Douglass forcibly from his
 seat. Not wishing to create more dis
 turbance than was necessary to bear
 testimony and protest against this con
 duct, Mr. Douglass rose, and with his
 three indignant friends went to the
 stairs leading to the deck; on which
 the civilized and white Ameri
 cans, ceasing for a moment their vora
 cious repast, favored them with three
 cheers and clapping of hands; where
 upon one of the English ladies could
 keep down the steam no longer, and,
 approaching the table, said, Will you
 allow a lady to speak, gentlemen? YVe
 are English ladies;” (“more’s the
 shame,” muttered a few;”) “we have
 heard much in England,” continued
 she, of the courtesy of the American
 gentlemen. YVe have now had an op
 portunity of witnessing it. As English
 ladies, we thank you for the demonstra
 tion we have received at your hands,
 and we will take care that the Br tish
 press shall tell of the steamboat Alida
 and her passenger* this day.”
 YY’hen the guests came up the steps,
 concluding their rapid dinner by that
 elegant finale picking their teeth, some
 of them showed a curiosity to see the
 faces of the half-starving four. But it
 they expected tears or crest-fallen looks,
 tbev were disappointed; for the party
 were rather iorlined just then to march
 up and down the deck a little more
 haughtily, and to laugh more merrily
 than before.
 But nature, by 4 r. m., began to as
 sert her right, and the ladies felt so
 faint for want of food that Mr. Douglass
 went below again, and asked for some
 coffee for them. “Well, now, jnjr
 friend,” §*id Mr. D. f tbit ie realJjr 100
ROCHESTER. N. Y., FRIDAY, AUGUST 81, 1849.
bad. We come to voa at dinner-time
 and you won’t let us bave anything
 and now you refuse because it is noi
 dinner-time. Those ladies want sotm
 coffee.” Well, are you to hare any?’
 said the little man. Why,” said Ml
 D., I should like some very much.’
 14 YYTell, yon can’t have it. Who an
 you? Are you the servant of those
 ladiesr If you are, you may taxc theni
 some coffee on deck.” “Ves, lam
 those Indies’ servant,” replied Mr. I).,
 but the lurking, provoking smile on his
 face prevented the faith ot tne little
 stewaid in this statement, and he or
 dered him “off" with muttered impre
 cations.
 Alter a while the Cincinnati minister
 tried his luck as messenger. But he
 was not to be trusted not to give a share
 to the 44 man of color,” and his errand
 was vain. Not having provided any
 thing to eat but a few lozenges, the
 four friends were not sorry when, at 7
 p. m., they arrived at New York, and
 left the river Hudson and its steatnei
 Alida. May its memory be henceforth
 44 intamously notorious among oui
 readers, and let them all—expressing
 their opinion on these and such like
 occurrences how otherwise they please
 —follow our example, and resolve ne
 ver to dirty their feet with the dust ol
 the Alida, but wait, if they must go up
 or down the 44 noble Hudson, for the
 Confidence.
 YVe omit our correspondent’s re
 marks as perfectly superfluous, and
 have scarcely any words to express our
 own. YY T e only vouch for the veracity
 of the narrator.
 lowa to Old Zach, Greeting.—
 Resolccd, That the administration ol
 General Taylor, as far as it has pro
 ceeded upon its mission, has unblush
 inly falsified every promise,and gross
 ly violated every pledge given before
 the election by its nominal chief; and
 that a party which can go before the
 country upon one set of issues, and im
 mediately after its installation into pow
 er enter upon the practice of another
 set, is more than ever deserving of the
 reprobation of the world, and of the
 coniinuedand uncompromising hostility
 of the democratic party.
 Resolved, That General Taylor, for
 the part which he has played, or has
 been made to play, in this digraceful
 game of deception, has displayed a
 want of honest principle, of a weak
 ness of mind and character, which
 equally disqualify him for the place he
 holds, and fully justifies the worst pre
 dictions ever made; qgainst hi* fitness
 for the presidency’ and that although
 we may once have admired the soldier
 in the tented field, we are now reluc
 tantly brought to condemn and to repu
 diate the cypher in the cabinet of the
 country.
 From the Herkimer Freeman.
 ANNIVERSARY OF BRITISH EMAN
 CIPATION AT WORCESTER.
 Here I am, in the heart of the Com
 monwealth of Massachusetts, at the
 great Passover of Freedom, on the
 green earth, under a golden sky. YVm.
 Lloyd Garrison, who first agitated the
 question of emancipation in this coun
 try, has taken the stand. His bald
 head and bright spectacles 9hine under
 the glowing sun, whilst his eloquent
 lips give utterance to thoughts that
 have hearts in them. He reads appro
 priate passages from the Bible, showing
 the weakness and wickedness of men
 bowing their heads like a bulrush,
 whilst they continue to smite with the
 fist of wickedness. Now' he whips the
 man who whipt the Mexicans. I shall
 not attempt to report the speeches, for
 that lady-faced, fair-headed young man
 with spectacles on, who is driving a
 quill yonder, is employed as a reporter,
 ani he will give the addresses 4 verba
 tim, et literatim, et punctuatim, et spel
 latim.
 After singing one of the odes which
 had been printed and distributed among
 the audience, Charles C. Burleigh, with
 his long beard and flowing ringlets, as
 cended the platform, and after gazing
 at the throng before him for a moment,
 he thrilled that vast assemblage with a
 lucid and logical address, which won
 the admiration of all. If this talented
 reformer had more faste and less vanity
 with respect to his personal appearance,
 he would wield the club of a Hercules
 in the cause of abolition. He replied
 to those who inquire why Americans
 celebrate the triumphs of British eman
 cipationists. If you desire to know how
 charmingly and beautilully he did so,
 procure a copy of the proceedings of
 this jovous jubilee and read his speech.
 Mr. Garrison remarked that he pro
 nounced an eulogy on the next speaker
 when he announced his name—Theo
 dore Parker. Mr. Parker is not an
 eloquent speaker. He is an ordinary
 looking man, and has a low voice. His
 eyes are dull and his features coarse, but
 he has a magnificent head. Although
 his manner is ungraceful, his matter is
 glorious. Those who did n«»t hear it,
 and who may enjoy the intellectual
 treat of reading it, w ill probably regard
 it as the speech of the day. Among
 other good things, he said that Col.
 Benton was a thermometer held up in
 our political weather, and that it was the
 heat of anti-ala very agitation that raised
 his mercury so high. He said the
 abolitionists had kindled a fire in the
 rear of tne doughfaces of the North
 sent to YY'ashington. Another ode was
 sung, and the meeting adjourned lor
 one hour.
 On my way to the Hospital grove this
 afternoon, I heard one ot the lemale
 inmates of the Asylum for the Insane
 making loud lamentations. 1 looked,
 but could not see her; I listened, but
 coaid not lesrn the cause of her trouble.
 At the meeting again. Adin Ballou
 is making a musical speech, which con
 siais mainly in rephe* io the response
of men in the crowd whoee heart* are
 brimful! of humanity. He took for his
 text an imaginary proclamation which
 is to be sent to the President of the
 Tinted States.
 Wendell Phillips, having been called
 for, came forward, and although evi
 dently laboring under bodily indisposi
 tion, made, as he always docs, an
 effe tive and eloquent speech. He
 alluded most beautifully to Wilber
 force's ascending to heaven, bearing in
 his hands the fragments of a million ot
 broken fetters, affording proof that he
 was at hi 9 Master's work during his
 sojourn on the earth. When Mr. Phil
 lips mounted the rostrum, I overheard
 some ladies observe, He is a hand
 some man.” They spoke the truth,
 and exhibited good taste. He is not a
 band-box beauty, gloved, brushed and
 perfumed. He is not a Parisian dandy,
 with mustache and imperial. He is
 what may be termed an intellectual
 man, bearing on his form and face the
 impress of manly beauty and unfalter
 ing integrity. He furnished his hearers
 with an eloquent history of emancipa
 tion in the West India Islands—after
 which,
 Ralph Waldo Emerson came forward.
 He is an indifferent speaker,—hesita
 ting, stammering and stumbling through
 a disconnected speech like a drunken
 man in the dark. He is ali intellect,
 but cannot make an improptu speech.
 Read his essays, and there you will find
 glowing eloquence, thrilling poetry,
 and mighty thoughts, clad in a rich
 regalia of language. Mr. Emerson
 appeared to great disadvantage, be
 cause he was afflicted with a hoarse
 cold, and follwed Phillips oI America,
 who is not excelled by Phillips of Ire
 land.
 A white man, with a tinge of African
 blood in his veins, was next called tc
 the stand, so that the people present
 might see what kind of slaves they have
 South. His eyes are blue, his hair
 straight, his complexion fairer than that
 of many Europeans; in fact, he escaped
 from bondage in company with a white
 man, none mistrusting that he was a
 Southern man with Northern princi
 ples. G. W. B.
 August 7, 1849.
 From tlie Pratiral Christian.
 The celebration of British West In
 dia Emancipation, and observance oi
 General Taylor’s Fast went off well.
 The Abolitionists mustered in clusters
 which seemed a pretty conclusive ref
 utation of the fib that Jthey are 'dying
 out. The multitude assembled in Hos
 pital Grove, where at half past ten
 o’clock, a. m. the meeting was organ
 lzed by choosing Win. Lloyd Garrison
 President. Seven Vice Presidents anti
 three Secretaries completed the organ
 ization. Richard S. Edes of Bolton
 offered prayer. Garrison then read and
 commented on Taylor’s Proclamation,
 and also that of Gov. Briggs. He then
 read appropriate portions of the Scrip
 ture from Matthew’3 Gospel, and from
 the books of Isaiah and Jeremiah. Sing
 ing followed, led by the friends from
 Hopedale. Letters from gentlemen
 invited to attend, but who could not
 convenintly do so, were next read, viz:
 from John G. Palfrey, Charles Sum
 ner and Parker Pillsbury. Father
 Matthew neither attended nor excused
 himself by letter. It apnenrs from
 credible testimony, given on the occa
 sion, that this distinguished Friar,
 though a great Abolitionist three thou
 sand miles off, in old Ireland, ignores
 the whole anti-slavery agitation here in
 this land of slaveholders. He expects
 to go among them and be their guest,
 as the apostle of teetotalism, and a
 genuine Catholic priest. Therefore he
 is determined to know nothing amongst
 us but temperance and the Catholic re
 ligion. His conduct in this matter re
 veals such a want of uncompromising
 moral principle, such unmanly narrow
 ness of philanthropic feeling, and such
 calculating servility to the oro-slavery
 of the land,that true-hearted abolition
 ists must turn awav from him with sor
 rowful disgust. Happily they are vet
 eran teetotalers, and do not need either
 his pledge, medal or benediction. And
 as to his Popery, most of them can do
 without that. For our own part, we
 should despise ourselves to be caught
 doing homage, either in public or pri
 vate, even to the temperance pre-emi
 nence of such a man. To be sure he
 was under na obligation to go to the
 Worcester meeting; but he was under
 the highest moral obligations to declare
 the same hostility to slavery on this
 side of the Atlantic that he had on the
 other. Is there no end to this genera
 tion of time-servers and popularity
 seekers! It is well that there are tests
 whereby the essence of men’s moral
 principles can be ascertained. But let
 the prudent Friar husband his iniiuence
 and fame in his own way; the world
 will go forward to a hopeful maturity.
 Just as we had written to this point,
 the Chronotype of the 15th came to
 hand, with an elaborate editorial leader
 panegyrizing Matthew’s conduct, and
 denouncing Garrison as a man who
 does not care **the value of a copper
 cent for the cause of Freedom or Tem
 perance, except so far as it will build
 up his own fame.” We have nothing
 more to say of this article at present
 than that, in relation to both parties, it
 is the most reptile-like of any tiling we
 ever read in the Chronotype.
 But to return. Numerous addresses
 from devoted friends of the Aati-Sla
 very Cause were delivered, forenoon
 and afternoon, interspersed with appro
 priate songs by the singers. Mr. Park
 hurst, the celebrated Phonographic re
 porter, was in attendance,and we un
 derstand most of the remarks made on
 the occasion are soen to be published
 in the Liberator. If toy portion of the
 American people observed President
Zachary’s Fast acceptably to God or
 beneficially to man, it was dooe by this
 f Anti-Slavery Mass Meeting. Its whole
 some fruits will be seen and acknowl
 edged in the good time coming-’
 SPEECH OF THEODORE PARKER.
 Sir Kohcrt feci, in a speech which
 I he has recently made, widely read in
 England, and more widely here, has
 declared that he has no faith in disin*
 terested philanthropy. Mr. Palfrey,
 in his letter, alluded to some gentle
 men,—perhaps not present, who,in the
 anti-slavery enterprise, spent a sum a*
 great as they spent on their own fami
 lies every year. I take it, those mer
 believe in disinterested philanthropy
 I hope there is not a men before m&lt;
 that does n*»t believe in it;l know tbert
 is not a woman. (Applause.)
 W e have come here, to-day, to cotn
 memorate one of the most remarkable
 acts of disinterested philanthropy, evei
 performed by a nation; an act of whole*
 jiy disinterested philanthropy of plain
 justice,which is only philanthropy in
 short. Of that I need not speak 1
 have sometimes thought that anti-sla
 very men,while they eulogised England
 on the one hand, and while they spoke
 reproachfully of America on the other,
 a little over-rated the anti-slavery feel
 ing there.
 1 would not speak willingly with dis
 respect of our mother-land; but I think
 had those slaves been on the fast-an
 I chored island of England, they woulc
 I not have been freemen in '3B. The)
 would have been slaves to-day.
 There is nothing in the past history
 there is nothing in the present condi
 tion, of England, which leads a man tc
 believe, or to be certain, at least, tba
 had the British people American slave
 ry to deal with, they could have born*
 themselves more nobly than ourselves
 Recently they have done some noble
 i things, taken a long step in an impor
 tant direction; abolished the corn laws
 a good thing; repealed the navigatior
 laws, a good thing; but if a man shoulc
 stand up in England, and lift up his
 voice against the most tyrannous insti
 tutions there, he would meet the same
 opposition that he encounters here. 11
 he lifted up his hand, and his voice,
 and spoke in behalf of the millions ol
 men who till the fields, and tend the
 ooms of Manchester, he would encoun
 ter still stronger opposition, and denun
 ciation yet more ferocious, if that be
 possible.
 Still this was a great act, and a no
 bie act; and when it was first performec
 there were some earnest and sanguim
 men here, who, in the passing belle
 West India slavery, heard the funera
 knell also ot American slavery. San
 guine men said, that also must sooi
 fall and perish. But now when elevei
 years have passed by, men look anc
 say that we have done nothing; thai
 there has been anti-slavery agitation,
 i but not anti-slavery pi ogress
 I know' as we look at the matter a&lt;
 first it seems as if there was nothing
 that had been done. Since ’B3B, throe
 administrations of this nation have be
 gun; two serve out their time, and the
 third is in the full tide of successful
 experiment. (Laughter.) ‘Successful
 has its meaning there. All these were
 administrations of slaveholders. Mr.
 Tyler, the whig slaveholder’ if Whi&lt;*
 Ihe were; Mr. Polk, the Whig slaved
 holder— (A voice, Democratic) —Deni-
 I ocratic—excuse me, the Whigs have
 not the monopoly—Mr. Polk, the Dem
 ocratic slaveholder, who became a
 Christian on his death-bed, —(A voice
 Better late than never; —ay, better late
 i than never, if it w ere so, —a very or
 thodox Christian, no doubt, who de
 clared that he did not expect to go to
 heaven for his morality, but to go there
 by the sprinkling of water from the
 Priest’s hand. Two administrations of
 slaveholding Presidents have begun
 and ended, and the third,— call n
 Whig or call it Democrat, which you
 will, my friends, —is in the full tide of
 successful experiment.
 There lias been added to this family
 of States, Florida, a slave State, w ith
 a Constitution perpetuating slavery;
 there has been added a new territory,
 formed free from this institution, a
 territory big as the whole kingdom of
 France, and slavery established,
 re-established there, made per
 petual, so far as constitutions can bind;
 there has been a war fought in behalf ol
 slavery, to get new soil; and now a
 territory, larger than the old Thirteen
 States, lies there, and the bold slave
 holders, —modest now no more, k bui
 grown insolent as they have grown
 proud, and proud as they have grown
 rich, —insist that freedom shall not set
 her foot in that place.
 VV e know that the North seeds men
 to Washington. The Whig party
 sends them, and the Democratic part&gt;
 sends them, ready to extend this insti
 tution over that soil, unless you say
 them nay. Great men have cornc up,
 and great men have gone down; bul
 not one of the famous and mighty men
 in polities of this land has come forward
 as the avowed and unfliuching cham
 pion of this anti-slavery enterprise.
 Men look at this, and they say that
 we have done nothing. Look at it in
 another way, and you will see that
 tiiere has been something done.
 In every great movement, there are
 three periods; and the fint is the
 period of tenluntnt. Meu feel that
 there is something wrong. They feel
 that there is, likewise, somewhere,
 something right, the antagonist of the
 w rong, and its antidote besides Bui
 all it vague, all is uncertain. Some
 times, in the period of Brntiment, men
 rush iostantly into action. The action
 is always a failure.
 After the period of k#»/«»***/ comes
 tb« period ot ideas. Then, "bat
 feeling hu beta trtptitted tato
•oH\* DirK. PrrufHC*
WHOLE NO. 88.
I •bought; and men arc striving to make
 the idea perfect, representing facts, to
 make it complete, representing every
 •®ot- This is a long period, and a
 period ot hard and earnest and stern
 w &lt;&gt;rk. Idea is brought into collision
 with idea, scheme with scheme, plan
 with plan; and the two ideas struggle
 each for victory, both for existence.
 After the period of Ideas, after the
 idea becomes perfect and complete,
 then men pass to the period of action
 e arc at this moment in the period
 ot ideas. Ihe period of action has
 i not yet come. Men that have the
 idea, seek to gain the sentiirait. They
 seek to diffuse the idea; and when the
 sentiment has kindled wide and deep
 in the nation, when the idea has been
 dilfused perfectly among the people,
 then conics the period of action. But
 while men are without tiie sentiment,
 or with it Slave not the idea, if you
 propose to them your plan, and you
 say, ‘No more sin rc territoni,' they can
 not understand you. You say, ‘/tmi/
 or annihilate the slave trade between the
 States,' —t ey cannot comprehend that.
 ibolish slavery in the Terriloriesand
 the Distinct,' they cannot take in
 even that. You say to them, ‘No
 Union with Slaveholders,' —of course,
 they cannot understand that. They
 have not been through the preparatory
 stage oi sentiment and idea, to grapple
 with the harder practical lessons that
 come afterward.
 And yet, during this time, vastly
 much has been done in the way of
 j kindling sentiment and spreading the
 1 idea. Lookattiie state of feeling not
 long since. It is n«*t a great while
 ,1 since the Representative of .Middlesex,
 i [Edward Everett,] on the floor of
 1 Congress, justified slavery out of the
 .1 New’ Testament, declaring also, that if
 any caase would lead him to put on
 j his knapsack and shoulder his musket,
 it would he to put down an insurrecli »u
 |of the slaves. That was the voice
 that went from Lexington and Bunker
 I Hill, was it? No; Lexington and
 Bunker Hill have since sent another
 man there, 'Mr. Pai.fkey,] made ot
 other stair, and who makes other
 i speeches teo. Since that time, 1 say,
 there has been a great change. A
 little while after that, when the anli
 -1 slavery of Massachusetts was incar
 noted in one man, other prophets
 there were, other apostles, but I am
 not doing more than historical justice
 j when I say, i'. was incarnated in one
 man, —and that one man so obscure,
 j and so unknown to lame, thut tho
 Mayor of Boston could ip&gt;t find him,
 until he called in the police to aid,
 and then tho only visible auxiliary of
 anti-slavery was a negro hoy—(laugh
 ter and applause) since thut day,
 there has been a little ciinngc in nnti
 alavery feeling, in anti-slavery ideas.
 It is not long since the Governor of
 Massachusetts, [Mr. Everett] sug
 j gested to the Legislature, whether it
 was not proper thut they should legis
 late to prevent anti-slavery discussion'
 We have changed that a little.
 And during this time, what have we
 lost that we had before? One man,
 [John Quincy Adams, standing in his
 place iti the House of Representatives,
 —the ‘bear-garden’ of the nation, as
 some mun says it is,—boldly and ear
 nestly lifted up his voice, old hut elo
 quent, in behalf of mankind. Hun we
 have lost; but in his place we Imve Bent
 there one mightier than he, with inoro
 power of intellect, though far inferior
 in years, with more power of sentiment
 and of ideas, with more power of jus
 -1 tice, and without the alloy of passion;
 one known by heart to all of you, I
 doubt not, a.id who is an honor to tho
 name he bears, —the name of Manx.
 (Applause.)
 Look and sec some of the signs, ay,
 some of the proofs, of this waking of
 anti-slavery sentiment, of this diffusion
 of anti-slavery ideas. This morning,
 the Boston Post, becoming moral on the
 subject of slavery, the Boston Post reads
 a sharp lecture to the editor of the villas,
 and rates him for being pro-slavery
 (Laughter.) Who would have dared
 to promise that, ten years ugo? No
 man.
 See, too, the grow th of this great,
 this mighty Free Soil party! All over
 i the Noitli, the anti-slavery sentiment
 i has been knidled. .All over the North,
 the anti-slavery idea has been diffused.
 I know the sentim* nt di.es not burn
 strong, and the idea has not taken hold
 deep of the whole mas* of men; hut
 j there are spots where it burns like a
 fire in the woods, where the idea sends
 out its light into the daikness, and it is
 heeded even at noon-day. 1 might cail
 to witness a recent convention at
 Cleveland, as one proof of it. I might
 point to the numerous newspapers,
 avowedly anti-slavery. I might point
 to the clergymen whom I see, thinly
 indeed, scattered throughout this as
 sembly; and you all know that the
 clergy,—l myself am one of them,
 are not the first t«* move in any Chris
 tian or public enterpri-e. where popu
 larity is not ensured beforehand. [A
 voice—Truth!] True? I know it to be
 true. I consider the presence of these
 men, thinly scattered, one proof, and
 not one of the least striking and sgnffi
 cant proofs; but here i» another.
 They say,— perhaps a fable, I
 cio not give it a* a isct, tlu*y say that
 scorpions, when g»r* about by a ting
 of fire which they cannot break
 through, turn upon each other, and
 join fang to fang, and poison cornea to
 poison. ee —those gentle
 men to wnorn 1 allude shall have all
 the benefit of the comparison—so w e
 see two mighty southern politicians,
 surrounded by a ring of anti-slavery
 fire winch they cannot break through.
 Benton and Calhoun, joining fang to
 faag, and poison tooth to poumn tooth.
 (App)«utt} Tbw iioot without it|
