Poetry.
THANK GOD FOR SIMMER.
 it run coo*.
 I loved the winter once »&gt;*h ro ow
 And longed for hail, ami nmnlied
 •kiev; j
 And mu* heir pmitn in a* C»y a troll
 A» Troubadours have played to BeautyV eye*.
 I deemed the hard blech fro*t a pleasant thing.
 For log# blazed high, and hoof* rung out;
 And wild bird* came with tame and gentle wing,
 To eat the bread any young hand flung about.
 But l hare walked into the world *ii«e then.
 And aeen the bitter work that cold can iW&gt;—
 Where the gnm ice-king level* lobe* and men
 With bloodleM "pear, and pierce* through arid
 through.
 1 know now there are thoae who sink and lie
 Upon a atooe bed at the dead of night;
 I know the roofleaa and unfed must die,
 When even lip* at Plenty 's feazt turn white.
 And now whene’er I bear the cuckoo's aong
 In budding wood*, I hies* the jovoua comer
 While my l«eait nins a cader.cc in a throng
 Of hopeful note*, that say— i hank G-jd for mm
 mer!”
 I*ve learnt that aunrhine bringcth more than flowen
 And fruits, and foieat leave* to rhecr the caith;
 For I have *een sad spirits, like dark bower*.
 Light up beneath it w;th a grateful mirth.
 The aged limb* that quiver in their task
 Of chaffing life on, when the north wind goad
 Tarte ouce again con entment, a« they ba*k
 In the straight beams that warm their rhurch-yari
 road.
 And childhood —poor pinched childhood—half for
 gets
 The starving pittance of our cottage Home*,
 When he can leave the hearth, and chase the nets
 Of fosvamer that cross him as lie roam*.
 The ousping idiot seemeth less distraught
 When lie can sit upon the grass all day,
 And laugh and clutch tlie blades as though h
 thought
 The yellow sun-rays challenged him to play.
 Ah? dearly now 1 hail the nightingale,
 And greet the bee, tl*e merry-going hummer
 An/1 when the lilies peep so sweet and pale,
 1 kiss tlieir cheeks, and 'ay. “Thank God fc
 mummer!”
 Feet that limp, blue and bleeding, as they go,
 For dainty cresses in December’# dawn,
 Can wade and dabble in the brooklet’s flow.
 And woo the gurgles on a July morn.
 The tired pilgrim, who would shrink w ith dread
 If winter’s drowsy torpor lulled his brain,
 Is free to choose his mossy summer lied,
 And sleep his liour or two in some green lane.
 Oh! ice-toothed king, 1 loved you once—but now
 I never see you come without a pang
 Of hopeless pity shadowing my brow
 To think bow naked fle*h must feel your pang!
 My eyes watch now to see the elms unfold,
 And my eyes listen to the callow rook;
 I hunt the palm-trees for tlieir first rich gold.
 And pry for violets in the soutliern nook.
 And when fair Flora sends the butterfly
 Painted and spangled, as her herald tnummer;
 Now for warm holidays,” my heart will cry,
 «i The poor will suffer less —Thank God for sunt
 met!”
STAND AS AN ANVIL.
 u Stand as an Anvil, when it is beaten.”— St. /gna*
 tins to St. Polycarp.
 Bund like an an* il—when tlie stroke
 Of stalwart man falls thick and fast;
 Storms but more deeply root the oak,
 Whose brawny arms embrace the blast-
 Stand like an anvil—when the sparks
 Fly far and wide, a fiery showet;
 Virtue and trutli must still be marks,
 here malice proves its want of power.
 Stand like an anvil—when the bar
 Lie* red and glowing, on its breast
 Duty shall be life’s leading star,
 And conscious innocence its rest.
 Sund like an anvil—when the sound
 Of ponderous hammers puns the ear;
 Thine but the still and stern rebound
 Of the great lieart that cannot fear.
 Stand like an anvil! Noise and heat
 Are born of earth, and die with time;
 The soul, like God, its source and seat,
 I« solemn, still, aerene, sublime.
From the Knickerbocker.
 THE BIGOT AND HIK SHAKER
 Bigot.
 Sal vation is of ue ihc bigot cried,
 Accept, aud live! or peiish iu your pride!
 Salvation is ot us! we are tlie church;
 Seek heaven here, or else give up the starch'
 Shaker.
 How many, reverend sir, arc on your roll,
 Of all earth’s millions spread from pole to pole 1
 B. Why, one in twenty thousand, less or more,
 Is seeking heaven through ours the only door.
 S If none are saved but you, and all else damned,
 Then heaven runs no risk of lierng crammed;
 Hut of those few who form your congregation,
 How many souls are certain of salvation 1
 JJ. Not one in five, succeeding in his search,
 Finds a uew heart, repents, and joins the church
 Which proves th’ innate depravity ol man
 Beyond a doubt— gainsay the fact who can'
 S. Art marr ed!
 B. Yes, thank God? I have a wife,
 And ten dear children, blessings of my hte.
 ,V. O worse than brute! slave of unhallowed lust'
 Against such odd* to raise up souls f om dust;
 Docs not thy conscience smite thee thus l ha\i
 given
 Eight souls to hell, and only two to heaven!
 If human nature be indeed so base,
 W hy do you thus perpetuate the race!
 Father the doctnncs uught l»y thee arc evil,
 Or thou art but a pander to ll&gt;e devil:
 Ob, how cau peace within thy b. sotn dwell,
 Hecroiimg sergeant to the tanks of hell!
 Go, llien, eulargc your scheme for man’s salva
 tiofi,
 Or else, In God’s name cease \our propagation
LIT I LK THINGS.
 3corn not the -lightest word or deed,
 Nor deem it void of p^wer;
 There’* fruit m each wiud-«afte&lt;i *ce&lt;l.
 Wailing iU uata! hour.
 *h.*oer*d word ouy toach the bean.
 And call it hack to life
 A look of ki*e b»d *iu depart,
 Awl still unholy »«nfc-
THE RAINBOW.
 IVVkltllAN *u*I&gt;|WOHH
 My lieait Wap* up alien I behold
 A ii&gt;*lm» 111 il*r *kv
 rWi w«i it »Mn uit lit* begai)
 H,, 1 1 ,1 s,w a,, man,
 h*. l« 'an grow ohl,
 w» tie 4.#
 1 *a*l l, M i a* lii las .i.
 A at 1 ‘a***! *l, t.
 0 5 #a* I* a -I» «iw al pel,
S election 0.
From the NahoeatT.re.
 toNwiEscKni tableaux,
 A Sketch.
 BY MARTHA RCSILLL.
 In a large apartment of one of the
 most ancient and aristocratic-looking
 houses in Boston, sat the dame Ka&lt; hel
 Dudley. The heavy mahogany tables,
 the high-backed chain, with their
 elaborate carving and richly embroid
 ered cushions, the square mirror with
 its massive frame, would have been
 sufficient indication of the rank and
 wealth of the owner, even if the rich
 service of plate, bearing the crest of
 that arch foe of the Coionies, Edward
 Dudley, had been wanting.
 The appearance of the ancient dame
 was in perfect keeping with the room.
 Even at the advanced age of fourscore
 years, her face retained traces of great
 beauty, but not that serene and hal
 lowed loveliness that so often trans
 figures, as it were, old age—»-lor the
 expression was proud, haughty and
 disdainful. It was very evident that
 tierce *&lt;n I ungovernable passions had
 done far more to mar the superb beau
 ty of that face than the hand of Tune.
 The high but somewhat narrow fore
 head, the sharp, keen eye, the promi
 nent and well-cut hut determin
 ed, haughly-looking mouth, indicated
 that she had not tailed to inherit a full
 share of the distinguishing character
 istics of her race—pride, self-will, and
 ambition.
 Her hair, white with age, was turned
 back from her brow, and hidden be
 neath a cap of muslin, edged with a
 frill of beautiful point lace; a full skirt
 of rich gray silk, over which was worn
 a gown of the same meterial, open in
 front, the corsage fitting tightly over
 the stays; a neckerchief of snowy
 muslin brought in plaits across the
 bosom, and edged with lace to match
 the cap; a necklace of heavy gold
 beads, clasped by a splendid topaz;
 shoes of gray satin, with heels that
 would have stirred the anger of the
 early Puritans, as a plain infringement
 of Scripture, so much did. they add to
 her stature —completed her attire.
 It was the eve of Christmas, 179—,
 aud the anniversary of her marriage.
 More than half a century before, she
 had pledged her faith to her cousin,
 Randolph Dudley. Vet, as she raised
 her eyes to his portrait, that filled one
 of the panels above the wide, arched
 fireplace, there was little in their ex
 pression that betokened that either
 her heart or its hopes had been buried
 in his grave. Why should they The
 match had been wholly one of interest.
 He was the head of the trans-Atlantic
 brunch of the family. He had given
 her wealth, and she had maintained
 the interest and honor of the family,
 even at the sacrifice of all that was
 womanly in her nature, aye, at a sacri
 fice from which she felt that his weak
 er nature might have shrink, had he
 been livi.ig. But as her eye wandered
 from his portrait to one which filled the
 adjacent panel, her cold glance chang
 ed to one of unmingled pride and
 gratification. That was the face of
 ner proud daughttr Isabel, who, judg
 ing Horn the portrait, inheritea not only
 her mother’s beauty, but her indomita
 ble pride and amhiiim. During the
 Revolution, or, whut the old lady al
 ways termed “the rebellion of ’77,”
 she had resided in England with her
 family; and her consummate diplo
 macy, aided by Isabel’s rare beauty,
 had succeeded in winning the latter an
 establishment equal to their proudest
 wishes. She became the wife of Sir
 Frederick W prospective heir to
 the rich earldom ol A——; and now,
 as the old dame withdrew her eyes
 from the proud features of her daugh
 ter, and fixed them on the bed of
 gleaming coals that filled the wide
 fireplace, a triumphant smile broke
 round her withered lips. “But one
 life in the way,” she muttered, “and
 that a poor, puny, sickly hoy.” Then,
 as she recalled the contents of her
 daughter’s letter, and thought «.f the
 declining health of the young Earl of
 A her face grew si ill more alive
 with the workings of ambition, until,
 with the fitlul glow of the dying fire
 lighting up her haughty textures, she
 might have well been taken for one of
 those fearlul beldames whose curses,
 only a few years before, had been
 thought to possess the powei to wither
 and destroy.
 For some moments she sat thus; then
 ringing a small hand bell that stood on
 a w-aiter at her side, a demure-looking
 servant maid madeher appearance.
 “Bring me the small ebony casKet, that
 stands on the right-hand side ot the
 bureau in my dressing-room, she said,
 scarcely raising her eyes from the fire
 The servant obeyed, and, placing the
 richly inlaid casket on the table, left the
 old lady once more alone. At least,
 so the maiden would have sworn, bu
 she mistaken. Conscience, whosi
 voice she had struggled for so man)
 I veara to stifle, now stood at her side
 Supported by Memory, waiting the
 I hour of heripower.
 “I must read my Isabel’s letter onct
 more,” murmured the old dame, as sh«
 drew from tier pocket a hunch of keys
 and, selecting one, applied it to the
 lock. “Let me but live to see mj
 plans for her realized, and then’
 What was there in that small haske
 to cause such a sudden and ghastly
 change in that stern woman’s luce
 Why did that hand, that had seldon
 shrunk troin any deed, fall back, as i
 paralyzed' Why did she cower an&lt;
 iremble in her chair, and cast suet
 i startled, fearful glances around ilia
 solitary room? Did she teel th*
 f presence of her invisible attendants
 i Perhaps so, lor it was many moment!
 before her face resumed its wonted e*'
 presaion.
 “The wretch has mistaken th
 casket,” she murmured, at length “J
 rf iow childish, or my nerves are not a
 strong as usual, to-night, ahe con
 imued, raising a nchiy-chaaed cup
 filled with wme, to her lips. Alter i
 tew moments sha rose, and walked t«
 ihe window, where she stood lor tom*
 time, listening to the low wailing ol tb-
 Mind, ns it swept through the tal
 ,ranches of the poplere that lined li
 .irret Ae she tumid sgeiti to h«
 chair,there wae eiagtilare sprfseonoi
 n*r proud Italurea as it the eoui we
struggling to transpierce the io4ur*&lt;
 tions of pride sod ambition.
 ‘‘l bad sworn in my heart oever tc
 look upon that face again; but why
 should I shrink? Has not God him
 self cursed the disobedient child? Hr
 chose his own path—his t«lo d be upon
 his own head,’* she murmured, as she
 drew from the casket a mmisture, rep
 resenting a young and noble-looking
 man. In the face was blended the
 best features of the old dame and her
 husband, but the expression was fat
 more noble and dignified calm,
 thoughtful, and determined.
 There are moments in the experience
 of every soul, in which the whole past
 seems to be presented at a glance
 when all the events of life, its loves
 and hatea, hopes and fears, joys and
 sorrows, sins, of thought and deed,
 daguerreotyped upon its inmost circle
 by the unerring light of Conscience,
 are passed segment after segment, be
 fore the startled soul, in colois too dis
 tinct to be msitaken.
 After long years of case and self
 delusion, this hour had come to dame
 Dudley, and she could not escape its
 power. As she gazed upon that pic
 ture, it seemed slowly to vanish, or
 rather slide aside, and give place to a
 series which awoke in her strange
 feelings of terror and remorse. One
 face, one figure, occupied the fore
 ground to them all —that of her only
 »on.
 There he lay in his cradle, and her
 hard, withered bosom trembled at the
 memory of that proud hour, when they
 told her that she was the mother of a
 noble boy.
 Another slide, and she gazed upon
 him at his studies, his dark, thoughtful
 eve bent eagerly upon the pages of
 his book. Then the book was flung
 aside with a smile of triumph, and she
 almost seemed to hear again his clear,
 glad voice, echoing through the rum
 bling passages ot the old mansion, as
 he played with his sister Isabel.
 Then he stood before her in the flush
 of early manhood, a graduate of Eng
 land’s oldest university, and wearing
 the splendid uniform ot an officer in
 the service of George 111.
 Long did the old dame contemplate
 this scene; long did she gaze upon her
 noble and accomplished child, and
 darker and darker gathered the frown
 on her brow, as she thought of the
 failure of all her proud hopes, and
 bitterer than ever were the curses that
 her shrivelled lips muttered against
 that impious and rebellious spuit ol
 Liberty that infaiuated even the heirot
 her house, and brought, as she deemed
 it, shame and disgrace upon their name
 and lineage.
 Slowiy she dropped the miniature
 upon her lap, and covered her face
 with her hands. Fain would she have
 closed her eyes against the scenes
 which she felt must follow. But the
 spell was upon her. Again Memory
 drew the slide, and Conscience with
 stern finger pointed to the figures of a
 young man and lovely maiden. The
 British uniform had given place to the
 Continental blue and buffi, but the face
 was still the same, save that the
 i-xpression was puithed and intensified
 by the influence of the highest and the
 holiest sentiment that ran move the
 heart of man— Love, in its widest and
 best significance. As the young officer
 drew tue fair girl to him, ai d gazed
 earnestly for a moment into her dewy
 eyes, the shade of anxiety that had
 dimmed her features vanished, and
 both young faces glowed with the
 bright hopes and still brighter dreams
 uf the future.
 It was a beautiful picture, that—
 such a one as ever fills the heart of
 youth with sweet prophecies, and that
 af age with sweet regrets.
 The dame cast ono glance, and
 turned angrily away. “Traitor and
 trull a fitting match! Would to
 Heaven he had died in his crudle!”
 she muttered, sternly.
 “Woman whispered a “still, small
 voice,” “woman she was pure as the
 purest dream of they infancy.”
 The proud old woman started, shook
 and trembled in her chair lor a moment,
 then implicitly followed the direction of
 Hint unerring finger, as it pointed to
 the remaining scenes. Several seemed
 somewhat indisMuct in their details, but
 she recognised them but 100 well.
 There were secret conclaves, in which
 her own haughty form was ever fore
 most—bribes offered aud vile slanders
 forged to effect the ruin of that guilt
 less girl. Interviews between the
 mother and the son interviews in
 which she allowed her arbitrary and
 ambitious temper to become exaspe
 rated to fury by his firm, dignified, but
 always respectful bearing; then a scene
 of unmitigated infamy, in which that
 young girl was seized, gagged, and
 consigned to the keepiog of a British
 officer, who had long marked her as
 tne prey of his licentious passions.
 Ah! but too well did she know at whose
 suggestion the devilish plot had been
 contrived. Instinctively she cowered
 m her chair, and placed her hands
 over her ears, while she cast a fearful
 glance at the hall door, for she almost
 expected to sre her boy enter, and tc
 hear again his indignant reproaches
 ms wild and passionate entreaties—
 •‘Mother! mothtr! for God’* sake cleai
 yourself, or tell tne what you havt
 done with Mary W
 Did she indeed hear those word
 again, or w;is it but the wind wailing
 ihr&lt;&gt;ugii the old passagesr Again she
 parted, for clear aud distinct came thai
 iuw voice to her heart rather than bet
 vars, repeating word for word tht
 uitter taunts wuh which she had mock
 »d his agony, and the shameiu! slan
 ders she had heaped upon the innocent
 object of his love.
 They patted, she best knew how, t&lt;
 meet no mure on earth. She ouct
 more raised her head, and drew a 'one
 •reath, tor she thought the senes enu
 ed, and her trial over. Butohewar
 nistakeu; on this side of eternity re
 named two more scenes.
 Oue represented s luxuriously fur
 iished apartment, at one end ol which
 &lt;tood an English officer, gazing, will,
 i look of surprise and horror, o&lt;«t un
 singled w ih awe, upon the liteles
 oiin ol a lovely girl, winch lay stretch
 d upon a Lunge, the smsll white ham.
 nil grasping an imply phial, lahtlit*
 Lauds nun-
 did iot do ii M hil are th«
 Hints ol &gt;«ajor s to tut said tht
dame, with an effort to recover her
 usual self-command.
 "Thou shall do no murder!* whis*
 pared that strange, low voice as the
 scene slowly vanished, and in its place
 appeared a low, bleak, barren strip
 of sandy sea shore, towards which the
 slow, unwilling waves crept, as if in
 fear. On the right, near the fore
 ground, stood Major S■■ leisurely
 wiping the powder-stnoke from his pis
 tol, while he listened to the eager re
 marks of a gentleman near him. A
 few paces distant, supported in the
 arms of one whom she well recognised
 as the dearest friend of his boyhood,
 lay the dead body of her son, while a
 surgeon bent anxiously over him,
 watching in vain for the slightest evi
 dence of life.
 "God in heaven, have mercy on
 me!" groaned the guilt-stricken wo
 man, us she sunk back in her chair,
 while at the same moment came again
 that clear, distinct whisper—" Thou
 shalt do no murder!"
 A few hours later, that ancient man
 sion was a scene of terror and con
 fusion. Groups of tenified servants
 and neighbors crowded the room, and
 repeated to each other, in low whis
 pers, the strange terms of the learned
 physicians, as they talked of apoplexy
 and its cause, for dame Rachel Dud
 ley had looked her last upon the scenes
 of earth.
CROSSING THE ISTHMUS.
 I laid back under the palm leaves,
 looking out of the stern of the canoe
 on the forests of the Chagres River.
 There is nothing in the world com
 parable to these forests. No descrip
 tion that I have ever read conveys an
 idea ot the splendid overplus of vege
 table life within the tropics. The river,
 broad, and with a swift current of the
 sweetest water I ever drank, winds
 between walls of foliage that rise from
 its very surface. All the gorgeous
 growths of an eternal Summer are so
 mingled in one impenetrable mass that
 the eve is bewildered. From the rank
 jungle of canes and gigantic lilies, and
 the thickets of strange shrubs that line
 the water, rise the trnnks of the man
 go, the ceiba, the cocoa, the sycamore
 and the superb pahn. Plantains take
 root in the banks, hiding the soil with
 their leaves, shaken and split into im
 mense plumes by the wind and rain.
 Ttie zapote, with a fruit the sized of a
 man’s head, the gourd tree, and other
 vegetable wondeis, attract the eye on
 all sides. Blossoms of crimson, pur
 ple and yellow, of a form and magni
 tude unknown in the North, are mingled
 with the I -aves, and docks of paroquets
 and brilliant butterflies circle thruugh
 the air like blossoms blown' away.
 Sometimes a spike of scarlet flowers is
 thrust forth like the tongue of a ser
 pent, from the heart of some convolu
 tion of unfolding leaves, and some
 times the creepers and parasites drop
 trails and streamers of fragrance from
 boughs that shoot half-way across the
 river. Every turn of the stream only
 disclosed another and more magnificent
 vista of leaf, bough and blossom. All
 outline, of 'the landscape is lost under
 this deluge of vegetation. No trace
 of the s.iil is to be seen; lowland and
 highland are the same; a mountain is
 but a higher swell of the mass of ver
 dure. As on the ocean, you have a
 sense rather than a perception of beau
 ty. The sharp, clear lines of our
 scenery at home are here wanting.
 What shape the land would be il
 cleared, you cannot tell. You gaze
 I upon the scene before you with a
 1 ne\er-sated delight, till your brain
 aches with the sensation, and you
 close your eyes, overwhelmed with the
 i thought that all these wonders have
 been from the beginning—that year
 after year takes away no leaf or blos
 som that is not replaced, but the sub
 lime mystery of growth and decay h
 renewed forever. Bayord Taylor’t
 Cwr. Y‘ JY. Tribune.
Counsels for the Young.— Never
 be cast down by trifles. It' a spider
 break his thread twenty times, twenty
 limes will he mend it again. Make up
 your minds to do a thing and you wilt
 do it. Fear not if a trouble comes
 upon you; keep up your spirits, though
 the day be a dark one.
 If the sun is going down, look up to
 the stars; if the earth is dark, ke#j) your
 eyes on Heaven!—with God’ spresence
 and God’s promises, a man or a child
 may be cheerful.
 Mind what you run after. Never
 be content with a bubble that will
 burst, or firewood that will end in
 smoke and darkness. Get that which
 you can keep, and which is worth
 keeping.
 Fight hard against a hasty temper.
 Anger will come but resist it strongly.
 A spark may set a house on tire. A
 tit of passion nay give you cause to
 mourn all the days of your life.—Never
 revenge an injury.
 If you have an enemy act kindly to
 him and make him your friend. You
 may not win him over at once, but try
 it again. Let one kindness be follow
 ed by another, till you have compassed
 i your end. By little and little, great
 things are completed; and so repeated
 kindness wiil soft* n the heart of stone.
 W hutever you do, do it willingly.
 A boy that is whip’t to school never
 learns bis lesson well. A man that is
 compelled to work, cares not bow
 badiy it is performed. He that pulls
 tf his coat cheer.'jllv, strips up his
 sleeves in earnest, end sings white he
 w oiks, is the man forme.
 Evil thoughts are worse enemies
 har; lions and tigers; for we can keep
 -ut of the way of wild beasts, but bad
 'bought* win their way everywhere.
 The cup that is full will hold&lt;lo more;
 seep ycur beads and hearts full of good
 bough's, that bad thought* may And
 1 io room to enter.
Smokixg—l'he editor ot the Chro
 &gt;ot&gt;pc utters the following opinion ou
 •inokitig sad smokers:
 A into who smokes is fool—be*
 »u»e he parts with his money for mere
 moke— because he is no falter, no
 »Kher or wi*#r by it —because fruit
 every ounce of pleasure derived fruit
 a. he Las to pay an ounce of pstn
 vith uiiervet'—because he cannot etu|
 he practice when he is sick ot if—b*«
 ause he makes himet It a nuuance u
 pkrsooa of cletuUntss aud taele/ w
'SV&amp;otrtißtnifnte.
44 Every Maa Ms ami ttysklaa.”
 THE HOME DOCTOR.
 JUST PUBLISHED. new swi valuable book;
 tor every tuuJv is the country, and one that rosy
 he consulted with perfect safety A* its title page
 indicates, it i* “THE HOME fcOCTOR, or Family
 Manual, firing the cause*, symptoms and tie itinent
 of Disease*; w ith an account ©t tbe system while in
 health, and rules (nr preserving that stale. Appea
 led to which are recipe* for making various medi
 cines and aiticir* for diet fee the sick room. Tbe
 whole written for general we mod daily practice, by
 John B. Newman. M. D-”
 Also, aceompaming this book, or separate, it
 "THE HERB BC&gt;OK, a book devoted exclusively
 to Herbs, giving their names, varieties,description,
 medical properties and doses, use, time of gathering,
 and many other directions very useful for even' lam-
 ilv to know, and written expressly for family nee.
 The Herb Book is devoted solely to Popular M d
 cal Botany, and will furnish on that point ail tb«|
 netired information wanted for general us«.”
 The two booki are put up and bound together and
 contain 200 pages, price 25 cents, or sold separate
 at 12$ cents.
 Tue symptoms of eac't disease are carefully given
 to tuat one may be recognised fiorn another, to phi j
 veat practicing in the dark; also tbe treatment ,g
 sketch of general physiology, ami rules ter keepser
 in health, together with obeervaiions on their causoe,
 means of avoiding deleterious influences, and snuc
 other remarks as are deemed appropriate, for
 m&lt; lit and female.
 The U«ok has been written with great care, in a j
 plain, simple, common-sense style easily to be un
 derstood by every person, and by a practical pliysi-'
 ciau and a' thorough botanist. We can recommend,
 it with entire eonlideace, as being a work supenoi
 in all respects to any oilier book of the kind evei
 publislied at the price.
 Families in tbe conntry.and especially those liv
 i ing in new couutries and unhealthy climates, should
 not fail to procure a ropy and have it at all times at
 I hand, in case of sickness as they might thereby by
 some simple remedy save an expensive and protrac
 ted doctors bill. W hether well or sick, such a book
 should he in every house as a safe and sure adviser
 in time of need, tbe direction given for persons in
 health cannot lie too strictly attended to by all.
 Tbe price at which the book is sold is so low that
 every family may have a copy, and none should be l
 without it.
 The book is put up in Paper binding, and can
 easily lie sent by mail. Postage only 64 cents to any j
 jaartofthe United States.
 QCJ* Any person sending us one dollar by mail, and j
 pud faying postage on tlie letter, shall have four
 copies sent him free of postage.
 Send in your orderss, there is no risk in sending
 money by mail, it comes to us daily, and the books
 j always reach destination.
 Qt 3“ Four families can club together and send a
 dollar bill, and have four books sent to one address.
 WANTED —Agents in most of the States to sell
 this work, almost every family will purchase it it
 earried to tlieir dwra. A small capital of from s'2o
 to $5O will lie necessary for each agent. Addicss,
 1 vost paid, GEO. W. FISHER,
 April 1,1849. 6 Exehange-st, Rocliester, N. Y.
NORTHAMPTONJVATER CURE.
 ELECTRICITY HYDROPATHY.
 r ’H E impoi tarit principles of Cutaneous Electricity
 A the discovery of which by the undersigned, hai
 opened so wide a field for scientific and pliysiologica
 investigation, though ridiculed and opposed at it!
 first announcement in 1844, by medical and profes
 sedly scientific men, being now sustained by eminen
 men of philosophic and scientific knowledge, and b)
 the experience and testimony of thousands, who bav*
 tested his theory by examinations in their own cases
 the undersigned is confident that this principle o
 natural and physiological law, needs only to be un
 derstood to be justly appreciated by an intelligen
 and investigating public.
 Sustained by such testimony, and more than fiv&lt;
 years’practical experience as a Diagnosian and Hy
 dropathist, the undersigned would here rept at tin
 conulusions at which he has arrived by the sense o
 touch. Ist. That the human body, in a health]
 condition, is in a positive tlectrical state. 2d. Tha
 there are electrical emanations from the cuticlai
 surface, indicative of health, or the nature am
 symptoms of disease. 3d. That in all rases when
 the wrist, stomach, or longs, are in an electro-posi
 tire state, (however disturbed,) there is hope of
 cure; but when the parts of the body alluded to an
 in the electro-negative state, Hydropathy can afforc
 uo relief.
 Had not the results of his practice already con
 vinced the public of tiie truthfulness of the principle!
 by which tl»e undersigned is governed, in detecting
 the natuie and symptoms of disease, the recent pin
 iosophical and scientific demonstration of their con
 rectness, by Frofesgor Means, of Georgia, and Mr.
 Heuuner, of England, and the facts and conol&gt;ora
 live testimony adduced by Hr. Forbes, Mr. Suiee,
 and others, should be sufficient to convince the most
 sceptical.
 Gratefully appreciating the credit so generously
 awarded for bu success as a l iagnostic and Hy
 dropathic Practitioner, by a discerning public, and
 the gratitude evinced by those whom he has had the
 pleasure to relieve of their complaints, the under
 signed will endeavor to merit the confidence of all
 who may afford him an opportunity to effect a cure,
 by his orrgincd and philosophical method of practice.
 The Northampton Water (Jure is pleasantly situ
 ated near Beusottville, on the west bank of Licking
 Water, or Mill River, altout two and a half milet
 from the centre of the town. It is conveniently
 arranged, with parlors, separate bathing and dress"
 ing-rooms, for Ladies and (ieutlemen, well venti
 lated and conveniently furnished lodging rooms,ant
 a variety of baths, al undantly supplied with water,
 which, for purity, and adaptedness to uater-cur«
 purposes, is unsurpassed by that of any oilier estab
 lishment in this country. A new and commodiou;
 building has just been completed, containing a spa
 cious dining hall, and pleasant lodging moms, which
 with the main buil dug, will accotmuod .te from at
 to 60 patients. A «»ymnasiuiu connected with th»
 establishment, affords an agieeable and herlthlu
 indoor exercise. The scenery in this vicinity u
 picturesque aud romantic. Tliere are a variety ol
 pleasant walks, sufficiently retired to allow the pa
 tients to enjoy their rambles without being cxposec
 to public gaze or observation
 Among the complaint* which are here successful!)
 treated, are headache, tendency of blood to die head
 cold extremities, general and nervous debility, bron
 chitis, pulmonary affection, liver complaint, jaun
 dice, acute or chronic iutlammation of llie Umels
 piles, dispepsy, general debility, nervous and spina
 affections, inflammatory and chronic rheumatism
 neuralgia, sciatica, lame limbs, paralysis, fevers, sal
 rheum, scrofulous and erysipelas humors,
 j All persons who visit diis establishment for
 course of treatment, should furnish themselves will
 three comfortables, three yvoolleii blankets, one 01
 two linen aud three cotton sheets, two pillow case,
 six or eight crash towels, some well worn linen, ti
 cut for fomentations, an old cloak or mantle, an urn
 brella, and a pair of slippers.
 Terms. —For treatment and board from §550 ti
 £8 50 per week, payable weekly. For a patien
 i (from choice or the nature of his complaint) occu
 i py ing a room alone ou die first ami second floors
 ©9oo—with room-mate, $;6,50. For one alone oi
 t;he third floor, 38 50—with room-mate, 35 50
 Patients requiring extra attention or fire in dien
 rooms, (except for swadung purposes,) will furiosi
 (heir own nurses and fuel, or pay an em U» price
 i For patients rec -mug treatment at borne, 31 00.
 I Terms for examination, from §2 00 to 35 00
 i Pod-pa id letters, with one dodar enclosed, sohei
 -t-Tf. milmnrr Correspondioj
 pai.enu should he particular m slutii.g U-eir Us
 ueaimeui and iu effects.
 DAVID HIGGLES.
 Northsmpton Man 1849.
 t N.B. Visitors to die Establishment, from th
 j east, west, or south, can take die cars of die Conn
 River Railroad at Springfield. Carriages wil
 alwavs be in readiness at the .\orthamp*oudepot, u
 jouvey them hidier. That the sick and neivou.
 inav not he disturbed after retiring, visitors arriving
 in the evening tram are requested to lake lodging
 i al a hotel.
 The human blood,in m normal and healthy con
 iition of the system, is in a positive state, whicl
 .9 constantly activity 'A
 generating sWces within—ah excess graeraliy pass
 j mg off in silence from the cuticubr surtace, so ma
 ait of 366 experiments made by Mr. Me miner c
 England, upon die uncovered skin.’’ 322 indicate
 the presence of positive electricity. This loiplutag'
 ,f the rtut(4 upon die surface, we believe to be indu
 jcnsable to the healthful condition of the wbol
 laimal economy, and that when, from any cause, i
 .•diminished ceases, diseased actiou ensue*.'
 address delivered tiefore the Medical College o
 i ieorgia. at the opening of it* annual session, Nov
 1847. by A. Menus. A M M.D., Professor c
 Jbsistn aud Pbanonev, and Prolessor of Pny.ica
 i a- p~ £*C r *n
 *Dr. John Forbes j editor of ihc U.uish and For
 •«n Me ..cal Review, .a an aUe snide vnUncon
 ..tarn aa function of Perh.p
 Here is scarcelv anv disease r h ’h*
 „,n of the skin is sk*. to +&gt;mr esie .1, deranged
 t o what eateut, phisiciaas have not bestowed sut
 j |MIM u&gt; learn. nor tiave they o«*n nrriwtome
 o give much atieuUon to Uus pail. iu the pradua
 sis* ifktws si disease*. Pluiinlug
 mi has w* that n i» t** vehicle for conveying on
 f u« system Urge smotint of uuttnr, u well swh
 liquid sal practical experience exhibit* it
 cksaiwl trmuffc •‘•UK the msianm sce‘a
 h«» i-.st-nrss, saline lauuwa of pton-w* gear
 slit, hud then »*-i
 I Law 100 slWi.ae 'hr .Kovrr?
 -Ua.y rlrtUK.l, hs A lied tu Ik
 Unk of lUgUod. nh- H. s test whieh lu uin.
 WeUo-vofUK k&gt; has uM&gt;sk I hsmm N th«l um u.
 mwXtm d Ifw MM Ml*** psMU** psfas i
voltaic circuit, while the ■•scalar substance it the
 negative pole. The mwf aerres »rr the telegraph,
 which carry (be sensation to thr braia, and V motor
 nerves carry hark tbr volition to tiw muscle*." See
 N. V. Tribune. April 7. IMS.
 Dr. Hollick, on U» «u'ject of *lsctr»ci*y, remark*:
 Three is mo mgr at that litrti tbr bnijr room, both
 naturally and artificial!}.'* Set- bn work on Mco
 ropMby, published in Philadelphia in 1847. p 127.
 be following extract is Irma an inirresunt arti
 cle oti electraity, copied by the V V Joru.ial of
 Commerce from a foreign Scientific evirw I
 do not pretend to ny that a defer ie-icr of elrctriei*&gt;
 may not occur in oae part of the hum -n hod*, an
 an excess in some -.ther part, for a time, ami tfvit
 thi# may not he the cause of dinense, and the re«to
 ration ot the equilibrium the core; 1 Uiink this mo&lt;i
 likely, ami tii.it it is ujmii this principle, in a great
 me.«su«e, tlwt tlie wonderful effirct* of electr. niag-
 Reiiam, in the cere i.f disease, ate to le explained,
 jit is certain that, «i&gt;en our electucal machine* »r&gt;
 most actively pm&lt;hirtiTe, wc all lee! most vigorous
 Oar nervous system* are then most firm; our diges
 tive organa most active; ucr minds roost char
ATHOL WATER CfRE.
 THE Subscriber begs leave to call t* e attention
 of Invalid*, especially those suffering from
 chronic disease, to hi* hydropathic establishment in
 Athol, Mass.
 Hi* bouse sai opened for the reception of patients
 last season, and it ts believed offers excellent facili
 ties for a philosophic and thorough course in hydro
 pathy. Tlie supply of water is alwndaiit, and in
 purity h*« been pronounced equal to water on a
 distilled,** T he location in quite eligible, l&gt;eing bui
 a short distance from tl»e V. M. railroad. The
 vicinity abounds in a variety of scenery, and has
 charming grounds for walks and rambles. So that
 with tlie water, suitable regimen, mountain air. and
 exercise, patients can scarcely fail to obtain the
 healthful results for which they labor.
 The following case illustrates this remark. Mrs.
 8., wife of Dca. 8., of Warwick, .Mass., aged
 about thirty-five years, was brought to me last
 August, ller ca?«e presented the following pheno
 mena. If placed in au erect position, and left un
 supported, she forthwith fell backward to tlie
 ground. If being well supported, she made an
 effort to walk, either foot, when carried forward,
 despite her efforts to the contrary, would cross die
 other. She had been in this condition nearly a
 vear. Her treatment commenced the 16th of Sept.,
 and was continued to die 25th Oct. only, when she
 left, so far recovered as to be able to walk half a
 mile with ease. Since her return to her family, she
 has continued her baths, with corresponding im
 provement to her health. She now attends to her
 domestic duties, and with the assistance of a small
 girl, does the work of her family.
 Patients are desired to bring three comfortables,
 one pair of woollen blankets, one pair of sheets,
 half a dozen towels marked, with old linen tor
 bandages.
 Terms, from five to ten dollars per week, accord
 ing to the necessities or elioice of the patients.
 Those who are less particular in the selection ot
 rooms, or are willing to occupy them in common
 with others, will be charged less.
 Athol, March, 1848. GEORGE HOYT.
 British Periodical Literature.
 j The London Quarterly Rniew, the Edinburgh Renew,
 I The North British Renew, the Westminster Renew,
 and Blackwood's Edinburgh Magazine.
 THE wide-spread fame of these splendid periodi
 cals renders it needless to say much in their praise.
 As literary organs, they stand far iu advance of
 anything of the sort now published, while the polit
 ical complexion of each is marked by a dignity,
 I candor, and forbearance, not often found in works
 of a party character.
 They embrace the views of the three; great parties
 in England—Tory, Whig, and Radical. Black
 wood and the London Quarterly are Tory; the
 Edinburgh Review Whig; and the Westmin
 ster Review Radical. The North B itish Re
 view is more of a religious character, having been
 originally edited by Dr. Chalmers, and now, since
 his death, being conducted t&gt;y his son-in-law Dr.
 Hanna, associated with Sir David Brewster. Its
 literary character is of the very highest order. 1 he
 Westminster, though reprinted un er that title only,
 is publiseed in England under the title of The For
 j eign Quarterly and Westminster—it being in fact a
 i union of the two Review* formerly republished.and
 reprinted under separate titles. It has, therefore,
 the advantage by this combination of uniting in one
 I work the best features of both as heretofoie issued.
 The above Periodicals are reprinted in New York,
 immediately on their arrival by the British steamers,
 I in a beautiful clear type, on fine white paper, and
 are faithful copies of the originals, Blackwood’*
 Magazine, being an exact facsimile of the Edinburgh
 j edition
 j prices por 1849, (ir subscribed for early.)
 For any one of the four Reviews, £3 00 per annum.
 For any two do 5 00
 For any three do 7 00
 For all four of the Review s, 8 00
 For Blackwood’s Magazine, 8 00
 For Blackwood and the 8 Reviews, 9 00
 For Blackwood the 4 Review*, 10 00
 Paymenti to be made in all cases in advance
 CLUBBING.
 Four copies of any or all the above works will b
 sent to one address on payment of the regular sub
 scription for three —the lourth copy being gratis.
 EARLY COPIES.
 A late arrangement with the British publishers of
 1 Blackwood’s .Magazine secures to us early sheet* of
 i that work, by which we shall be able to place the
 1 entire number in the hands of subscribers before any
 I portion of it can be reprinted in any of the Arnei ican
 Journals. For tins and other advantages secured to
 j our subscribers we pay so large a consideration, that
 yve may be compelled to raise the price of tlie .Maga
 zine. Therefore we repeat “subsciibe early while
 tlie price is low.
 Remittances aud communications should be always
 addressed, post-paid or franked, to tlie publishers,
 LEONARD SCOTT CO.
 70 Fulton street, New York.
 j
 Asylum for the Sick who have been coo*
 fined to their beds from I to 20 years.
 DR. HAMILTON’S Hydropathic and Anyalytic
 Asylum, No 217 Exchange Street, opposite the
 Orphan Asylum, Rochester, N.Y. This Institution
 is now firmly established and m successful opera
 tion. The proprietor analyzes every disea* e bat is
 admitted there, and applies the natural and appro
 priate remedy. Altliougii water is used in every way
 that is applied in any water-cure establishment in
 the United States, yet the proprietor wi*hes it to lie
 expressly understood that it is not relied on as the only
 or principal temedy in the treatment of disease sub
 i nutted to his rare.
 This Establishment is designed for that class ot
 invalids who have failed to obtain their liealth by all
 other systems.of practice, and are still unable to
 walk or stand on tueir feet, and are confined to their
 beds, wearing out a life of misery and suffering with
 1 out any hope of ever lentgany better.
 The remedies made use of m this Institution not
 only entirely remove disease but give increased
 strength and elasticity to the system. Many have
 been brought here from different part* of the coun
 try, who had neither walked or borne tlieir weight
 on their I'eet from five to fifteen years; and son*
 i who have been unable to dress or undress, or even
 to leer! themselves, and in the course of a few week,
 would be walking with the elasticity of youth aw.
 the quickness of a pedestrian, astonished at them
 sdvea, ami surprising their fi tends and all who saw
 ibeui whas they first came. The treatment tin*
 Institution i» particularly calculated to remove the
 ifiseases peculiar to leinale., such as
 l.t. The falling of the Womb, in all iu stage,
 i ami conditions in patients, from twelve years of agt
 up to sixty, and esea if they have beeu confined to
 their bei.s from one to twenty, unable to stand, walk,
 1 dress, or undress themselves, or even 100 feeble to
 bear any noise or speak aloud.
 2&gt;’&gt;. eaknes* and FaJliog of the Bowels; Fain
 Hide, Shoulders, Back and Head- Spiua
 Diseases, Liter Complaints, Sinking Bensatioo ai
 'the Stomach, Falpilaljci. ot tne Heau, Dyspepsia
 I 1 i m all its forms and stages, Files, ("osiiveness, Di
 arrinjea, Suppression of the Menses, Excessiv.
 Menstruation, Whiles, all Nervous Die uses, Cok
 Feet ami and*. Bt. Aathouy's Dance, Tetters ot
 1 all kinds, Salt Rlteuin, ia its wwii forms, Neural
 gia, Tic Douloureux, Rheumatism, Consumption ii,
 its fust stages. General Weakness aad Debility
 1 The proprietor hat riven his whole attention t.
 &gt;j tlie above diseases tor the last t en years, and to.,
 1 1 treated them in an entirely different wsv fr aa any
 ‘dber prirate praetice or public Institution m tin,
 coat.try, and such has Iws hi* snrress, and so rer
 tain are in. remedies in the.r e#e»ts on those di
 i cases, that .uslead of pwbhstnag a long list of cer
 (ified cures, be wishes to give that class of lavalm.
 seeking to obtain their beaitn s sufficient guaranle.
 against any false pretentious, exaggeration, impo
 l siUod nr deception, so (last aw our qred be 10 any
 1 expense in tin. lust.tutiou w about being bsocfilrc
 a .m. sm«w a iowlia.
 with any one who wishes to do so, that be &lt;*d! ad
 uni tulu liar Institution, to advance ibr mowrv an
 -II the expenses from any part of the C mte-
 I Bt.tr* here ami ha. k ksAwe again, hrf.re he com
 i stivn Us ti rat meat, awl give hwl u. loarotiww.
 icgelhri with hi* pr.j4-Mi .nal err*wee. fur isAjuug
 &lt;f be tfcs-s n-.t help theui ac »«l -ng u. roatrart Ai.\
 t one ti.mkiug the ahw*t pcpueiiiun not a stub- ten
 ;uarv.tce agsiust ai&gt;eirp&gt;r**idatK&gt;as aud
 aitboot receiving equal IwusM, rax let the prop*
 -.us know wbal wiL »w sat sUvlusy, aud 4 stsalt U
 luh Co Si. ter ad
 Ibis Inetitutr&gt;« has ftowa f»«si private prw
 i net try Uw isiiamv at uwee wm. i«ea hrly,.
 wee, a* unUiing ksi eve* pwo n#i &gt;«i
 .wit lit* p*ugs a that H ssmli sweiniu mssi
 f bt awrits. pa. me uhss sh
 booe* In make a wait 1 aae uf UtW.« I u
 ss.ga &lt;4 tin* a.win wot tv wmk* lwv*a '*n
 \*mm Ifcai h»'« bean mM m tfwa UlHsMis, Upwadf
lbev irnut Kina bf Wiftfd; fc«rt *o lei it he rr*or»
 nxr'e«Mi»if*» kami to the r invalid*
 (hal h.ti c spent hundreds of dollars in tryng
 other itilfmi of pr»rt*rrv, Sfci w ithout n Of »ry
 henefit.’snd still mnata confine*! to their bed* froci
 tire *o twentr Tear*, tflvt thetC is *n lusiit;.t»oa
 »Hj*e treatment it d:4rre nt from any of Her cue the
 I nited Stairs, and i* p&gt;rtialvl]t adapted to their
 situation, anti can tunr u cost item nothing utile**
 tiiej are mMC'iaJ)/ benefited.
 From the na.'*re of tre.itment in'his Institution,
 the number &lt;-f(&gt;»&lt;*e.iir n» &lt;t t* limited. thrrrfbie the
 proprietor due*»ot etiirf-n tl,e pitrowagcof slight and
 of irary r».«e« which mat be easily helped 1 v other
 system* of practice; r*oe dees lie P t any one to
 cornc. Uttlesa they »i&lt;h to get we!), yod arc wiilittg
 to Is- malic well rnong' to »!k from fire to twenty
 miles at a time, an follow u d.,* after d»a m
 succession; and alao w illirg to i e wad* t en
 dure as niurii liter and fatigue s*« nx.jt of people
 that mil thcmsrlvr well, as be rnetme tbs« *v«r&gt;
 one that goes through a t lam nigh Csautae ofufatoMni
 in tin* Analytic In-tiUiti&lt;-n &lt;h.i!l -low by tlieir in
 creased sliength, elasticity of motion, firmness ~j
 texture, capability «f emhirance, and improved
 le altb. that ttie treatment in this Institution is found
 ed on the natural laws of organiied m tier, an.l
 ronseqisrntly its superiority over eveiA oilier d,f.
 Cerent jystem of pr.ict.cc.
 AH communications addressed to Dr THOMAS
 HAMILTON, R &gt;chestfr, post paid, will receive
 unmcdiaie attention. Ii requested, reference w.l
 be made to those who lave been helped in thi« f n *r.
 tution and »ho good references as to rcspoftai'ihu
 nrtlie proprietor to mrv: the above expense* ,f,"
 required
hari’s lrg«iaMt Luiaci
 Is the onK remedy ll,nt r.m le relic.* on for lor
 permanent rurr of Spasmodic &lt;Wroctions, Imra
 tion of the Net Tea. Nervmw ,r Sick Headache
 Neryoiw Tremors, Neuralgic Affecfions, Genrra
 Debility, Deficiency &lt;&gt;f Nervous an.’ Physical Em r
 try, and all .Venom Disorder*. m&lt; the m..« t
 dreadful of all disease* that .ifWt t! human rare--
 Epilepsy. or F,llr&gt;‘g ArrLr.w._||\ «tt nr, I Kit*.
 Convulsions, Spasm*. It is well known, that’
 front time immeinorial, Physician., have pronounced
 Epileptic Fits incurable. It Ia« kdTV.! all their
 skill, and the boasted power of all medicine, and
 consequently thousands nave «ulh red through a mis
 erable existence, and at lost yielded up their lues o
 the Altar of Insanity. —'l he prnpnt tor ol die \egri
 ablc Extrict, however, feels no delicacy in saying
 that it ran lw cured. He would, therefore, respect
 tally invite physician®, and all others wlio are inter
 ested, to examine the testimony which is here offered.
 If it is deception, let i; lx* exposed but if it
 true, then in the name of humanity, no longer let a
 be said that Epilepsy is incurable.
 Heart's Vegetable Extract —For sixteen years,
 has been tested by many persons who have suffered
 with this dreadful disease, ami in every case where
 it has had a fair trial, has etlected h permanent
 cure.
 Col. Denslow of Yonkers, New Vork, states that
 his daughter ha* been afflicted vvith Fits for more
 than nine years, and has been cured h\ the me of
 the Vegetable Extract.
 .Mrs. J. Brat ley, 115 Orchard street, \ew Vork,
 states that she lias been subject to Fits fur many
 years, and has been restored to perfect health (after
 every other means had tailed) by the me of the
 Vegetable Extract.
 Dr. Charles A. Brown, of Dover, Russell eo.
 Alabama, who is one ul the U-st i in the
 .State, says that lie has lieen much bfnelitted b\ the
 use of the Vegetable Extract, and that he unlieaiut
 tngly presort!** it in every tase of Epilepsy which
 comes under his knowledge.
 Cuitis Pi Mayberry, f.-q., formerly Postmaster
 at Lttiie Md.; s ,Crawford Co., Pa., now living m
 Erie ~0., Pa., states that for many y ars past le
 has lieen sorely afflicted with Fits, and he is now
 happy to state that a persevering u«e of |)r. Halt’s
 Vegetable Extract, lias restored him to sound licalib,
 lieing entirely freed from that worst of all disease*.
 Judge Randall, V 156 Heniy street. New York,
 having u«e.l the Vegetable Extract successfully u
 his family highly i ecominemb it to all persona who
 are afflicted with Fir?.
 M. .Stephen E. I‘ratt, corner of Sixth Avenue
 and Twenty-Sixth street, New York, states thm
 Mr. Chas, 11. Bougliton, a member o(his family lm«
 been so severely afflicted with Epileptic FiU for
 many years, that he was obliged to relinquish In*
 business. Having used Dr. Halt’s Vegetal!® Ex
 tract (says Mi, Pratt,) 1m; was soon icatorcd to
 perlect health, and left this city for the Mute ol
 Ohio to resume his business.
 Rev. Mr. Smith, Rector of Mt. Peters Churc/i,
 Spotswood, New Jei sry, who has lieen afflicttd
 with Epileptic Fits for more than forty leurv, smi*«
 that lie hat used Dr. Hart’s Vegetable Extract, and
 his health lias been so much improved that he h, ped
 by Divine blessing, to have no more Fits.
 Epileptic Fits. —For twenty-seven years and six
 months, cured by the use of this truly wonderful
 medicine.
 Reail the following remaikablc case of the son of
 VVm. Secure, Esq, of Philadelphia, afflicted with
 Epileptic Fits twenty-seven years and six months
 After travelling through England, Scotland, Ger
 many and France, consulting the most eminent
 physicians, and expending for medicine, medical
 treatment and advice three thousand dollars, retui m d
 with his son to this country m November last, with
 out receiving any benefit'whatever, and wui cured
 by using Hart's Vegetable Extract. 1 have sj ent
 over three thousand dollars for me. ieme and meOiC..I
 attendance. 1 was advised to take a lour to Eu
 rope with him which 1 did. I first visited England!
 1 consulted the most eminent physicians there id
 respect to his ease; diey examined him mid prescri
 bed accordingly. I remained there three mon h«
 without perceiving any change for tl c better, winch
 Cost me about two hundred and fifty dollars, pod
 eted by the physicians, and the most that 1 received
 was their opinion that rny son ease was honelers,
 and POSITIVELY INCURABLE. I acco.ding y
 itli England travelled through Scotland, Germany
 and France, and rt turned home in the month ol
 November last, with my son as far from liemg tuied
 us when 1 leu, l saw your advertisement in one ol
 the New Yoik jiapers, and concluded to try Hurt’s
 Vegetable Extract, seeing your statements and
 ceitificates of so many cures, some of twenty and
 thirty years stun ng, and 1 can assure \ou lam n- 1
 sorry I did so, as by tl.e use of Hart’s Vegetable
 Extract alone he was restored to PERKECT
 HEALTH. His reason, which was °o far gone as to
 unfit him for business is entirely restored, w ith tie
 prospect now before him of hie, liealth and useful
 ness. He i? now 28 years of age, and 27 years 6
 months of tins time has been afflicted with this
 most dreadful of diseases, but thank God is ra w
 enjoying good health.
 Now, sir, faith without works I don’t believe
 •n. To say 1 shall lie ever grateful to you is one
 thing, and as I here enclose xiuone hundred dohars.
 1 have nr&gt; doubt but you will think this ariotiwr 3ia!
 quite a difierent tiling. The d*bt of gratitude I still
 owe you; fait please accept this amount as interest
 on theoebt in advance.
 Yours, very respectfully,
 (signed) WILLIAM SECORE.
 TESTIMONY I PON TESTIMONY.
 In reference to tin almost nnraculotw eltWacv 0!
 this truly wonderful ine 'ictne, read il*e following
 letter from Di. W. L. Monroe, of Guilford, Omo,
 one of the moat eminent physicians in that plan-
 Guiltord, Ohio, August 17, ItHb.
 Brother laborer in tie can.-*- of luuuiUulv —l&gt;* xr
 sir: It is with no -mail degree ot pie,nine tiiat I
 am enabled to announce to you the complete triun pfi
 ot your mvaiualilt: fuedtcior in r ase* of Epilepry. i
 lieve prescribed it in lour uuUnres in this vicinity,
 and it has been highly *nrce*»t»il m ail. Three u
 t|.e patirnu, I Uimt, have t em radically cured.
 Ihr tom th ooe is rapidly improving, and wilt, 1
 think witlMHit doubt recover. I am not m the habit
 ol prescribing or recommending parent medicines,
 lad wlien i ar&gt; aiticle Hindi puniuKa niu Ii
 for the relief of suflenng hiuuamtv, I feel my duty
 U&gt; recommend it, and 1 have no oentatnn in aa\
 mg Ural ai» *oou a* the faculty ale fully xcqua mtrd
 with tlie real merit ot y**ur medicine', they will
 cloee then eyre against prejudice arxl ieod you i
 helping hand.
 1 MiW:ribe ni%«* &gt;f your*, sincerely,
 lSigner)) W. L. MONROE, M. b
 To Dr. S. Hart, New York.
 THE TIME IS NOT I AR DISTANT
 M Uen thousands who are now trembpug uiv
 the itnnd ol this drrwdfcil disease, Bui Irwiiag
 every attack ruay prove fatal, will few) per. aneC
 •ebet and fat leslorrd to new hie, bv u».. g l!a«
 oeirfaated medicine.
 vYEK ONL THOTRAND CF.RTIKICUEM
 tlave lets received in testimony ol u* |fa,.eia.sJ
 .exd: produced by lie u *e ol l»r. Mnrt’v Argrta
 bie Extract.
 (XF Prepvedbv R HAR I M D New
 Price, our package $3
 Do low package lo
 Do eight package* 'fit U*'
 It I* tareli |*rt«‘ t •••at
 tmrtatioo. aotl vrtal to anv part t 'a V J
 Atate*, 'leaai, Mexico, aiwi \Ve.t laiir*
 IIiOMAR lx Mll.n, ItiM Mon »nrc'. 1 4
 Ir. muati, Ohio, G» i«r isl Acr..i» It
 •'tales, to wls ait alt nssimiu, al.-ss* e-ust
 irexaeci Part Paid
 AHA l» Sauus otari i 1
 New. nk
 II D VAadr. Man kRt P. Ho. firmer.
 E lioheif* 217 M*m i
 k F f saswM.l, 4gr. s i le-aml
 ttl ft h ml. .a ui s*«
 i. fc &lt;i H Mill. IR». &gt;.i M
 Am i uuui'i'a* M
 J K Ktwwl, a.e i t
 .w-t I No*. tsm.Ai. I -s
 I niatiSi. mat
 Aad fa* w.a D»
 «t**os »h» 1 -.it*** A*
 I tti.R \	* k Mlu-h Ifasi- «t*&gt; 4
 i-ii
