Ano liter 4*4 action Cone.
 ornrapoadeoc? of the National Fra-1
 Baltimore, August 31, 1846
 On Th tmdnjr morning last, telegraph*
 despatch. from ihat well-known frterwl *»f thf
 slave. Thomas Garten, of iloi'"&lt;ri on
 Delaware, wa» received in
 nouncmgthat a colored man. cameo
 1...1 “‘A"
 p* r h M.k rr.
 or pr&gt; per t hands nl a menilrer of
 ,„,V.inn” f
 lhc rart/e* u|H»n thetr arrival, provided ap
 &gt;#arareen warranted such a courae. Ihe
 imter ef thia. in the mean lime, Imarded the
 *J,oi Crow” car al the President street da
 pot, where the designated colored man wsi
 *«pied in irons, accompanied by a professional
 ilare-cateher from Elk ton, named McCreary
 On the arnval of the train at the inner &lt;lepot,
 officer Zell, of Baltimore, joined the natty,
 and escorted them to VV ilson a (laie Dono
 vin'al slave pen, immediately in the rear ol
 and adjoining the depot Under the cucuni
 staocea, the officer holding tin above-men
 tioned despatch did not feel justified in making
 an arrest on the charge of k.dnappmg 1 her*
 had followed on, in the cars, Geoige Martin
 and Samuel Pennock. residents of the neigh
 borhood from which the colored man was ab
 ducted, the former of whom followed rate
 the slave pen, to see the fate of the object ol
 tbeir sympathy, while the other proceeded tu
 procure advice and aid from citizens of Balti
 more.
 Mr. Marini, having, w hile among the slave
 dealers, mentioned that Mitchell had lived
 with him, for a tun**, as a free man, he wm
 arrested on an assumpsit of debt for the hire
 of a slave (r,&gt;«&gt;d inH ha»l was of
 fered for his appearance at tire neat term ot
 Baltimore county Court, but was refused by
 the Sheriffs deputy, (Mr. Laws) on the pre
 tended ground that the proffered sureties were
 not “freeholders,” as they would say in
 South Carolina —the real cause of this refusal,
 doubtless, being a fear of giving offence to
 the pro-slavciy feeling bv which he was stir
 rounded, as usual in such cases' Mr. Marlin
 was, consequently, committed to piison. It
 was, no doubt, hoped by McCreary, who
 had bought the colored man “running,” that
 Martin would fii d himself so much of a
 “stranger,” as to be glad to accede to their
 own terms for a “certain sum,” on the pay
 ment of which lie could depart, was hinted
 to him' But they never were more mistaken.
 On Friday morning, Mr. Martin found him
 self surrounded by abundance of friends.
 There was no difficulty in getting bail. In
 deed, persons not wont heretofore to sympa
 thize with the wronged under such eircura
 atances, at least not openly, came forward to
 volunteer bail. It was determined, however,
 not to gratify them in that way. Counsel
 were employed, in the persons of Folger P.
 Lovegruve and V\ llliam A. Stewart, Esqrs.,
 who petitioned Judge Leg rand to discharge
 Martin from custody, under the provision:; ol
 a law of 1846, for the protection of non-resi
 dent debtors.” The petition set forth that
 the piisoner, if a debtor, was liable in the
 State where the indebtedness was incurred
 and that he could not be held to answer be
 fore the courts of Baltimore.
 The case was heard on Friday morning.
 A number of witnesses were present, to prove
 the non-residence of Martin, among whom
 were Samuel Pennock, and his brother, Mor
 ton Pennock, of Kenneit Square, Penn., and
 two residents of this city, who formerly Jived
 in hie immediate neighborhood. Only the
 first named was examined, his testimony be
 ing deemed ample in the case. McCreary
 was the only witness produced on the othei
 aide. His testimony was very contradictory,
 and went to show, among other not very re
 putable tilings, that, while the suit wan
 brought in the name of John Hays and wife,
 of Cecil county, he was himself the actual
 ownei A brief but clearly argumentative
 speech from Mr. Stewart, and a long and
 declamatory one from the opposition lawyer,
 Henry Stump, Esq., which might well l&gt;*
 called a “stump Speech,” and the Judge’s or
 dor lor Martin’s discharge terminated tin
 ■cine, ranch to the chagrin of McCreary, e
 id gen Their lawyer’s “masterly effort,’
 as no doubt they will state it, was a niosi
 amusing appeal to buncom Ac, as against thr
 “Abolitionists,” “fanatics,” &amp;c.—so pecu
 liarly such, tfiat I feel very anxious to see it
 in print. It would afford amusement for at
 least a month of holydays. Its reception by
 all present, except a few of those interested
 in the “peculiar institution,” ought-to be
 aufficient to convince Mr. Stump ihat the cry
 of “Abolitionist,” and the like, has had its
 day of triumph in Baltimore, and that it it
 no longer ot avail with sensible and firn
 ludges, such as Mr. Legrand
 Although Mr Martin was discharged Iron
 custody, to the chagrin ot his persecutors a&gt;
 we have seen, the suit goes on until with
 drawn by the plaintiffs This, I learn, they
 are quite ready to do, being probably rather
 disappointed of the game they sought, and
 “sick and tired” of the chase' But, J hope
 Mr Marlin, and the people of the neighbor
 hood tiom which poor Mitchell was taken,
 will not suffer the matter to rest here. There
 has been liability to severe punishment in
 curred by the slave-catchers, as the manner ol
 the abduction will clearly indicate, and
 the proper steps should promptly be
 taken in me premises. Let me record some
 of the facts, as they have come tome, from
 a reliable source.
 It seems Thomas Mitchell, nr the slave
 Albert, as the alleged owners call him, has
 been residing tor al least twelve years in
 Chester county, Pa., at one time more than
 eighteen miles from the residence of Mr,
 Hays He has always been recognised as a
 free roan, and treated accordingly. He mar
 ried there, and was dwelling in apparent
 security, as a husband and a lather, until
 Wednesday night. Then, amidst the “black
 ness ol darkness,” (an appropriate screen
 for such brutality as these fiendish slave
 hounds are wont to enact,) the door ol In
 dwelling is battered down, a pistol, loaded
 with three balls, as itself was left to tell, i
 presented to the breast of his wife, to stop
 her screams for help, and he is dragged forth,
 almost naked, and hurried to the slave matt,
 ever ojien in this city All tlns is done with
 out any warrant for Mitchell's commitment,
 attei they gut him into Cecil county, and in
 direct violation ot the laws ot Pennsylvania.
 This case his done good here, by awaking
 commendable sympathy in bosoms not
 aroused, hitherto, to the enormities of slave
 ry, and the laws enacted for ns protection,
 and by strengthening the beans and hands ot
 thoae by whose exertions the above recorded
 legal triumph was secured. repeat mv
 hope that the friends of Justice :i „d Freedom
 in Pennsylvania, may not be wanting m soim
 suitable effort to brin-, further good out ul
 evil. 1 have gieatly o&gt; er estimated vhe spun
 of “Old Chester,” if steps arc not promptly
 tskon, not only to restore Mitchell to his
 hesnstrickcn family, \'ut to vindicate thost
 sal .tary laws, which the claims ot Humanity
 have caused to be placed upon the slatin',
 books of then Jaiate. J F. S.
 Death or Mr. CiaLi*TtN.— It is but a iitt!&lt;
 while since, to announcing the decease o
 Mrs. Gallatin, we gave utterance to tin
 very natural suggestion that, after so long i
 companionship, the strongest feeling preaen
 With the survivor would be, probably, a wi*l
 that he might not linger long behind. If sod
 was hia wirh, as may be presumed, it ha
 received its consummation the venerablegen
 tlernan departed this life yesterday, havin|
 neatly attained the patriarchal age of ninety
 In answer to "inquiries concerning him
 made only a few weeks since, we were told
 that his bodily infirmities seemed scarcely tc
 jncreaae, white hia intellect remained vigor
 ous and acute as it was pars ago We
 bad not aeen him since the Winter.
 His history aa a t American citizen, diplo
 matist and stataaman is so well known that
we think if rraedless to supply an outline it
 h*re Almost fnm the infancy of our Re
 S* he hashed a prominent port among
 those by Whom its destinies were f aided tad
 (Girdled Tbs occasion ~f htsdeath will be
 marked, we presume, by appropriate official
 ae«l general action.—.V* Y. Commercial.
 From the Nations! Era
 Nntloual Vtllany.
 The pastor of a colored ehurch in Win
 chester. Vs.. having been over-excited dur
 ing a revival of religion, became temporarily
 ravine. He was sent to Staunton, where a
 cure was effected, and on receiving from b»
 keepers a certificate that he was a Methodist
 preacher, a free man, had been under treat
 ment for insanity, and been cured of it, and
 was then on Ins return to Winchester. Pas- j
 sing through Washington, he was taken up,;
 earned hefote a magistrate, a local preacher
 in the Methodist Episcopal Church, and in
 disregard of his certificate, was committed to
 tail as a runaway slave. In due time, his
 would have been sold into Slavery to pay his
 jail fees, had not this citizen accidentally be
 come informed of the case. He immediately
 procured copies of the man's free papeis from
 the Clerk of the court at Winchester, descri
 bing him, &amp;e. Taking with him another re
 spectable citizen, he went to the jail, and, in
 the presence of the jailut, examined the pris
 oner, whom he found to answer to the des- i
 eription in all points. They then procieded j
 to tJie magistrate, the brother preacher stated j
 the facts, showed the papers, and bore their
 testimony. His answer was, that the papeis
 were worth nothing; color was prima facie
 evidence of Sltfpry; and he could not dis
 charge him unless competent witnesses
 should be able to swesr that the prisoner was
 I ilie man whom the papers desrrihwd as free, i
 They indignantly left him, brought the pris
 oner before Jndge Cranch, on a writ of habeas j
 corpus, and the Judge, as might have been j
 expected in one who understood Law' and
 Justice, on examining the papers instantly
 ordered his discharge. The Judge,we believe 1
 never graduated as a local preacher?
THE NORTH STAR.
ROCHESTER, SEPTEMBER 7, 1849.
 J _ _
 To optaiti Thomas Auld, formerly my
 .Master.
 No. 4 Alexander-st., Rochester,
 September 3d, 1849. j
 Dear Sir —I propose to celebrate this, the j
 11th anniversary of my escape from your do- j
 minion, by addressing to you a friendly epistle
 on the subject of slavery.

 I do this partly with a view to the fulfilment!
 I of a promise 1 made you on this day one yeat j
 ago, and partly to neutralize certain charges
 which I tlien brought against you.
 Ungrateful and unjust as you, perhaps,
 deem me. i should despise myself if I could 1
 wilfully malign even of a slave
 holder; and if, at aiiy time, I have appeared
 to you guilty of such conduct, you have
 greatly misapprehended me. I say, with
 a clear conscience, in all that iSkove evet
 written or spoken respecting youfim, I have
 tried to remember that, though 1 am beyond
 your power and control, I am still accountable
 to our common Father and Judge,—in the
 sight of whom I believe that I stand acquitted
 of all intentional misrepresentation against
 you. Of course, 1 have said many hard
 things respecting yourself; hut all has been
 based upon what I knew of you at the time I
 was a slave in your family. Of the past,
 therefore, I have nothing to take back; but
 information concerning you and your house
 hold, lately received, makes U unjust and un
 -1 kind for me to continue the style of remark,
 in regard to your character, which I primarily
 adopted. I have l&gt;een told by a person inti
 mately acquainted with your affairs, and upon
 whose word I can rely, that you have ceased
 1 to be a slaveholder, and have emancipated all
 i your slaves, except tny poor old grandmother,
 who is now too old to sustain herself in free
 dom and that you have taken her from the
 desolate hut in which she formerly lived, into
 your own kitchen, and are now providing for
 her in a manner becoming a man and a Chris
 tian.
 This, sir, is indeed good news; undgflS all
 the more gratifying to me, since it derives
 the pro-slavery public of the North of what
 they deem a powerful argument against me,
 and the abolitionists gmierally. It proves
 that the agitation of Jp j subject of slavery
 does not hinder, if it does not help, the eman
 eipation of slaves at the South. I have been
 frequently told that my course would have an
 unfavorable influence upon the condition of
 my friends and relatives in your possession;
 and the common argument against abolitionists
 may he stated as follows: Let slaveholders
 alone, and they will emancipate their slaves; j
 j and tha* agitation only retards the progress of
 the slave’s liberation. It is alleged that the
 slaveholder is induced to clutch more firmly
 j what is attempted to be wrested from him.
 To this argument your case is a plain contra-
 I diction. If the effect of anti-slavery agitation
 were such as is thus alleged, you would have
 been among the first to have experienced it;
 for few slaveholders in this land have had a
 larger share of public exposure and denuncia
 tion than yourse ,f and this, too, from a quar
 ter most calculated to annoy, and to provoke
 resentment. All this, however, has not pre-
 I vented you from nobly discharging the high
 duty you owed alike to God and to the slaves
 in your possession. I congratulaie you warm
 ly, and 1 rejoice most sincerely, that you have
 been able, against all the suggestions of self
 interest, of pride, and of Jove of power, to
 perlojm this act of pure justice and humanity.
 I R has greatly increased my faith in man, and
 jin the Intent virtue even of slaveholders. I
 j say latent virtue, not because 1 think slave
 holders an* worse than all oilier men. but
 because, such are the power and influence of
 education and habit upon even the bestconsti- j
 tuted minds, that they paralyze and disorder,
 'if not destroy their moral energy: and of all
 persons in the world, slaveholders are in the
 most unfavorable position for retaining their
 power It would be easy for roe to give vou
 *he reason of this, but you may be presumed!
 to know u already
 Born and brought up m the presence and
 under tin* influence of a rystem which at
 once strikes at the very foundation of morals,
 jby denying— if DO t the existence of God—the
 I e 9 ual brotherhood of mankind, by degrading'
 one pan of hc lonian family to the condition;
 b«utes, and by reversing all right ideas of
 j JUS ,&lt;V i,id of brotherly kindness, it is almost
 H'lpoasible that one «o environed can greatly j
 j gf‘» w it* virtuous reeiitudc.
 \a», however, sar, have risen superior to
 these unhallowed influences, a „d have added
 another sinking proof to those already exist
 ing, ihat the heart of the slaveholder i» still
 within the reach of the truth, and that to
preach to him the duty of letting the op
 pressed go free,” is not in vain
 I /hall no longer regard yon as an enemy
 to freedom, noT to mysetf— but shall hail you
 as a friend to both. Before doing a®, How
 ever, l have one reasonable reqoest to make
 of you, with which you will, I hope, comply
 It Is this That vou make your conversioc to
 anti-slaTery known to the world, by precept
 as well as by example. A publication of the
 facts relating to the emancipation of your
 slaves, w ith the icaauna that have led you to
 this humane act, would doubtless prove highly
 beneficial to the cause of freedom generally
 at the same lime that it would place yourself
 in that high estimation of the public mind to
 which your generous conduct justly entitles
 you. I think yon have no right to pat your
 candle under a bushel. Your case is different
 in many respects from that of most repentant
 slaveholders. You hiYe been publicly at.d
 peculiarly exposed before the world for being
 a slaveholder; and, since you have ceased to
 be such, a just regard for your own standing
 among men, as well as a desire to promote
 the happiness of a deeply injured people, re
 quire you to make known your sentiments on
 this important subject. It would be truly an
 interesting and a glorious spectacle to see
 master and slave, hand in band, laboring to
 gether for the overthrow of American slavery.
 I am sore that such an example would tell
 with thrilling effect upon the public mind of
 ibis section. We have already had the exam-,
 pie of slaves and slaveholders, side by side,
 battling for freedom, but we yet lack a roaster
 working by the side of his former slave on the
 anti-slavery platform. You have it in your
 power to supply this deficiency; and if you
 can biiog yourself to do so, you w ill attain a
 larger degree of happiness for yourself, and
 will confer a greater blessing on the cause ot
 freedom than that you have already done by
 the generous act of emancipating your own
 slaves. With the example before me, I shall
 not despair of yet having the pleasure of giv
 ing you the right hand of fellowship on the
 anti-slavery platform.
 Before closing the present letter, I wish to
 set you right about a matter which is, perhaps,
 of small importance to yourself, but is of con
 siderable consequence to me.
 In your letter, written three years ago, to
 Mr. A. C. C. Thompson, of Wilmington, te
 speoiing the validity of my nartative, you
 complained that 1 failed to mention your inten
 tion to emancipate me at the age of 95. The
 reason of this failure is as follows: You will
 remember that your promise to emancipate me
 preceded my first attempt to escape; and that
 you then told me that you would have emanci
 pated me, had I n&gt;t made the attempt in
 question. If you ask me why I distrusted
 your promise in the first instance, I could give
 you many reasons; but the one that weighed
 most with we w*as the passage of a law in
 Maryland, throwing obstructions in the way
 of emancipation; and I had heard you refer to
 that law as an excuse for continuing yout
 slaves in bondage; and, supposing the ob
 structions alluded to might prove insuperable
 barriers to my freedom, I resolved upon flight,
 as the only alternative left me short of a life of
 slavery. I hope that this explanation will be
 satisfactory. I do not regret what I have
 done—but rather rejoice in it, as well for youi
 sake as mine. Nevertheless, I wish to be
 fairly understood, and have, therefore, onade
 the explanation.
 I shall here conclude ibis letter by again
 expressing my sincere gratitude at the mag
 nanimous deed with w hich your name is now
 associated—and by repeating the ardent hope
 that you will publicly .Jentify yourself with
 the holy cause of freedom, to which, since I
 left your service, I have been most unremit
 tingly devoting myself.
 1 am, Dear Sir,
 Very respectfully yours,
 FREDERICK DOUGLASS.
Rev. Henry Highland Garnet,
 A letter from this gentleman may be found
 in another column of this week’s paper. The
 only answer to it we deem it necessary to
 make is to republish the article to which it
 purports to be a reply. Our readers can judge,
 as well as we, how far Mr. Garnet has vindi
 cated his position, and how much better is his
 spirit than ours. All that he says about his
 espousal of the Free Produce cause only con
 firms the truth of our statement on that point.
 He has humbly commenced practising it.”
 We said he was a practical man” His es
 pousal of the Free Produce cause will be quite
 news to all, we think, who know him. As
 to what he says about moral u e ms—he has
 too often (in Zion Chnrch, New York, and
 elsewhere) taught the doctrine that no people
 ever have nor ever can gain their freedom
 without fighting for it, even to make a reply,
 on this point, necessary for us. But, there is
 Mr. Garnet’s letter, a r »d the article to which
 it purports to reply. Read and judge. f. d.
The Lynu Pioneer A Herald of Freedom.
 This spirited journal is no more. Its editor,
 Mr. Bradburn, has a long valedictory address
 to his readi-rs, in which he details the causes
 of its discontinuance. The first reason given
 is, that its work is plainly done —but the
 most impottant reason, we think is the lack of
 pecuniary support extended to it. It is diffi
 cult to decide whether to moutn or to rejoice
 over this result, as the good and the evil pro
 duced by the paper so nearly poised each
 other. It has long been a pecuniary burden
 to its publisher; and on his account, if on no
 other, we are inclined to rest satisfied in its
 death. In its earlier days it was warmly de
 voted to the anti-slavery cause, and would
 not have stooped to defend apostacy to that
 cause in any quarter. We wish we could
 say that its last days were its best, or even
 as good 3s its first.—r. d.
From Bahia—The Slav* Trade.—The
 bug Boston arrived at this port this (Monday)
 morning from Bahia, July 26th. Trade was
 very dull at Bahts, one reason for which is
 stated to tie the capture of several slavers with
 full cargoes of negroes, by the British crui
 sers. Four vessels had been thus captured
 by them within a short time previous to the
 sailing of the Boston. The horrible trade is
 still prosecuted with considerable briskness.
 Four vessels, undoubtedly slavers, had sailed
 from Babia for the Coast of Africa within two
 or three months, and five or six more were
 fitting out A dreadful affair took place near
 Bahia, of which we have before had some ac
 count. A slaver pursued by a British Crui
 ser, took refuge in shoal water near tbeeoast.
 Here she went ashore, when the captain and
 most of the slave* (about two hundred in num
 ber) were drowned.— Traveller.
The British West ladies. -The Workiag
 of EaMtaeipatioa.
 ft is um that we do oot ronsiJer of very
 greet impotUnce the arguments that are con
 tinually being advanced against emancipa
 tion oo the ground that it has oot worked well
 ui those pferes where if has been tried. It
 is not with us a question of very vital import,
 1 whether or not the planters can realize aa
 large a profit from free, aa from slave labor.
 We are very well satisfied of the fact, tha*
 if a law were enacted in these United States,
 authorising certain persons to steal, they
 would by that means secure for themselves a
 much more comfortable livelihood than they
 possib’y could by any honest calling Ins
 an easy matter to steal by law, provided one’s
 i own sense of moral rectitude is not above law.;
 He must be a fool or worse who cannot con
 trive to fill his pockets out of the labor of oth-
 I ers, if be has the law and the army at hie
 beck, to assist m the ctrcmiesnn of the
 robbery. But with all this it is gratifying to
 learn, that when the measure of emancipation
 is fully carried out, the planter as well as the
 laoorer will not be injured, but benefited by
 the change. In proof of this we refer our
 readets to the following extracts from Jamaica
 papers. It will be seen that ev en although it
 is in some instances suspected that the cap
 italists of the West Indies are suffering by
 the competition of stolen labor, none of them
 once hint at the possibility of returning to
 slavery, as a remedy.
 The New York Courier "and Enquirer
 gives a repoit af a meeting held in Spanish
 Town ou the 24th of May, 1849, of the in
 habitants of Jamaica, for the purpose of con
 sidering the effect produced by the .Von ob
 servance of the treaties for the suftpression of
 the slave trade. From the speeches on that
 occasion we cull the following extracts.
 The Lord Bishop, President of the meet
 ing said—
 “lt must, I think, be readily admitted,
 that the great and predominant evil under
 which Jamaica, in common with the other
 West India Islands, is at present suffering,
 arises from the projected ad niision ol the
 produce of slave labor into the markets of
 Gieai Britain and her dependencies, without
 the discriminating and protective duty which
 bad heretofore been allowed to operate in fa
 vor of the free-bom or freemade cultivator of
 the soil. Our plain and single object is to
 press upon our rulers, the justice and
 the necessity of compelling the States of
 Spain and Brazil to a fair and full compliance
 with the treaties by which they are solemnly
 bound to her Britannic Majesty;treaties which
 had, and have, for their express object, the
 extinction of the heaviest curse that ever fell
 upon mankind—the suppression of the unhu
 man traffic in slaves, with all its hideous and
 murderous incidents, and th gradual aboli
 tion of slavery throughout every portion of
 the civilized world.
 The A ice Chancellor followed in a similar
 strain, urging that the British nation had the
 remedy for the evils under which the colo
 nies suffer**, in its own hand,
 Mr. GedOes stated that one half of the
 persons held in slavery in Cuba at this mo
 ment, are s« held in violation of existing trea
 ties between England and Spain.
 The Ma yor of Kingston asserted that the
 system under which Slave-grown sugar is ad
 mitted into the British markets has ruined the
 agricultural interests of the island.
 The Rev. Dr. S. H. Stewart said.—
 “Estate after estate has been thrown out of
 cultivation, and the only cheering reflection
 ia, that thia baa arisen out of the abolition of
 Slavery, an act which God approves, ;br»d in
 which all religious men must rejoice. But,
 my Lord, it is not necessarily so, for if justice
 UTre done to the British Colonies, if Great
 Britain did justice to herself, prosperity would
 again dawn.”
 Mr. George W. Gordon expressed hia
 surprise that none of the speakers had UTged
 the measure on the ground of humanity, fiut
 that all their arguments were confined to the
 effect that Slavery had upon our own inter
 ests; he declared that though deeply involved,
 connected as he was with sugar estates, that
 would not be the inducing cause for him to ad
 vocate this measure, but he did so on the
 principles of .humanity.
 i The following, among other resolutions,
 were agortd to
 1. That as long as the sugar planters of
 i Cuba, Porto Rico, and Brazil, in defiance of
 the laws of their respective countries and of
 ;the treaties by which ine Spanish and Brazil
 ian Governments stand bound to her Majesty,
 are permitted to reinforce, by fresh drains from
 1 Slavery, the means of theii profits, it is hope
 less in countries so thinly populated as Jamai
 ca, Guiana, and Trinidad, for the proprietors
 of the soil to persevere in its cultivation.”
 2. That in the opinion of this Meeting the
 plan which was embodied hy her Majesty’*
 Principal Secretary of State for Foreign Af-
 I fairs, in the draft of a convention with Spain,
 and transmitted to her Majesty’s Minister at
 Madml on the 25th of May, 1840, as appears
 from papers on Slave Trade, presented in that
 year to Parliament by her Majesty’s command
 is practical and leasible, and if now urged on
 the Spanish and Brazilian Governments with'
 suitable energy, would prove beneficial and j
 effective in enabling the emancipated Colonies
 of Great Britain to meet and overcome the
 I competition in the home markets and othei
 countries in Europe, on the equal terms to
 which they are about to be exposed by the
 Sugar Duties Act of 1846.”
 In the Middle District (say 9 the Mercury)
 we are told labor continues exceedingly
 scarce, as the laborers embrace the repeated
 opportunities of wet days to cultivate and
 plant then own lands, and owing to the rain
 j we have had, the work of the estates would
 rather employ an increased than a diminished
 number of hands.”
 I Meetings have been held in the island of
 Antigua, on the same subject. At a meeting
 1 held at Clarendon, Mi. C. Hall said—
 The produce raised by slave labor gov
 ernment has suffered to be sold in our mar
 kets; the honest man is thus compelled to
 compete with the thief, and therefore it is
 that we are in our present distressed condi
 tion.”
 Mr. Osborn said—
 The produce of slavery is admitted freely
 into England, to the disadvantage of the
 free produf-er. There can be no doubt that
 sugar made by men wbo are compelled to
 work sixteen hours in the day, like cattle, can
 be sold at a cheaper rate than by the planter
 who cannot obtain labor for mote than six or
 eight hours.”
 Mr. Bbistowe said that Great Britain had
 the power to enforce the observance of the
 treaties, and in mercy to mankind, and to jun
 to her own Colonists, she waa bound to exer
 cise that power. Emancipation had been in
 some degree rendered nugatory by the non
 observance of the treaties. Happily for the
 people of thia island, («ud Mr. B.) the great
 act ot emancipation put a atop to cumpulsory
 labor, but it is oot jmt tfi a t compulsory
 laboi ol countless numbers in foreign states
 should be brought into open competition with
 the labor of freemen. t due lhe grw||
 name of the British nation, that tire accursed
 system should be put down.
 At Clarendon, the following important reso
 lution waa adopted
Thai the .Innate snd sod of tk»* s l***d
 are ffeorabto for tbe product** of sugar
 •ud coffee as tboae of soy other country and
 that its tohabitaats are quite prepared for
 eonipetigoo in the markets of the world with
 the natives of Caha and the Brazils, provided
 that the stipulations of the treaties made be
 tween those countries and Great Britain were
 as faithfully ebsenred bv them as thetr always
 have been by the subieet* of ber Britannic
 Majesty/’
 At a meeting held at Kingston, Jamaica,
 Jane 25th, it was resolved that there was not
 in the laJhods one in ten thousand who DE
 SIRED TO PROFIT THROUGH THE
 re-establishment of slavery.
 At this meeting Mr, Jordan objected to the
 idea that alnre labor is cheaper than free, and
 argued—
 The advantage of the slave owner was,
 that he had the labor when he wanted it and
 could apoly it as he pleased. The cost of
 slave la*. »r was not to be estimated simply by
 the amount paid for the slave and lor his main*
 tenance Jhd clothing. TWe waa the expense
 of the military establishment, necessary to
 uphold the system. The natural tendency in
 man was to desire freedom, and the slaves of
 i Cuba would very soon burst asqnder the bonds
 that bound them, but for the large standing
 army which Spam kept up. Add the cost of
 that army to the other expenses, and slave la
 bor woui4 be found to be dearer than free.”
 Mr. Ma£Fayden\ after describing the trea
 ties entered into with Grent Britain for the
 suppression of the slave-trade, expressed hts
 conviction that were th -se treaties enforced,
 the planters of Jamaica could successfully
 compete with the slave-owners of any country.
 The Jamaica Morning Journal, of July
 27th, says
 There can be no doubt, that to have per
 sisted in upholding the system of Slavery in
 the West India Colonies, would have been to
 persist in exposing them to great peril,—and
 that the change in the social condition of these
 dependencies, was dictated by motives of pru
 dence as well as of humanity. The change
 HAS BEEN HIGHLY BENEFICIAL TO THE MASS OF
 the community, however injurious or ruinous
 it might have proved to some of the proprie
 tary body.” “With the settlement of that
 question, (Slavery) the proprietors generally,
 and the slave population unanimously, weie
 contented.”
 These are aU statements made by men on
 the spot who are able to form, and have the
 opportunity of forming an intelligent opinion
 on the working of the free labor system and
 as such are highly important, giving the lie,
 as they so directly do, to the oft repeated as
 sertions of slavery’s minions in this country.
 There is not, of course, on the mind of any
 real friend of humanity, the smallest shade of
 a doubt, as to whether freedom or slavery i 3
 best for the slave. They know that slavery
 is wrong, and its fruits must necessarily be
 evil. But to those who are influenced by
 lower motives, the sentiments recorded above
 will afford some light and encouragement.
 The movement seems to be very general
 throughout the Islands, and will at a very
 early day, aided as it is by the friends of fiee
 dom in England, command the earnest atten
 tion of the British Government.
 There is reason to believe that this agita
 tion has hastened, if it has not led to the re
 cently discovered scheme for the annexation
 of Cuba. Britain has resolved to put an end
 to the African slave trade, and it will be done.
 The opinion has become settled in the minds
 of the British public that the only remedy for
 that monstrous atrocity is to be found in tbe
 abolition of slavery in the We*» Indies, and
 America. Her flist effort to that end will of
 course be the enforcement of her treaty with
 Spain, and the consequent liberation of the
 slaves now held in Cuba, in contravention of
 that treaty. When that is done, Cuba will
 be of no value to the slave power of this coun
 try. Therefore the importance of the imme
 diate annexation of that island to the United
 States. Let the friends of the slave in this
 country and in Europe, be on the alert, and
 the crafty will be caught in their own snare.
 —J. D.
What the Church might do, if it
 would. —There never has existed, and theie
 I never can exist, either an administration or a
 political party that would dare trifle with the
 uttered sentiments of the men of principle in
 the United States. Were such an act done
 once, there would be temptatation to repeat
 the insult. If you ask me why it is, then,
 that public wrongs are so frequently done, and
 the doers of them held scatheless, I answer,
 it is because those sentiments are not uttered.
 There exists among us a fear of avowing
 l our moral sentiments upon political questions,
 which seems to mo as servile as it is unac
 countable. It envelops society like a poisoned
 atmosphere. It is invisible and intangible;
 but every virtuous sentiment that breathes it
 grows torpid, loses consciousness, gasps feebly
 and dies. To this result every man contri
 butes who withholds the expression of his
 honest indignation on every occasion of public
 wrong-doing.
 We find the above extract from Dr. Way
 land in a late number of the Oberlin Evan
 gelist. We are glad to see that religious
 organ becoming the medium, even at second
 hand, of such sound dud liberal views. Papers
 —and more especially those that profess to be
 actuated by Christian principle, ought to be
 the leaders of public sentiment—not as they
 too generally are, the panders to, and apolo
 gists for a low public morality. When will
 our teachers learn the vast importance and
 responsibility of the office they assume l A
 man, in tbe position of a teacher, whether as
 a minister, lecturer, or editor, who is influ
 enced only by the principle of self-interest arid
 gain, is infinit -ly more mischievous, and de
 serving of being put under restraint, than a
 thief, housebreaker, or eTen a murderer. Tbe
 thief can rob but a few of some paltry dollars;
 the housebreaker can take possession of only
 the value of few more; the murderer can
 take away at the worst, when not utterly in
 sane, only one or two lives; but tbe teacher
 of low moral principle, poisons the very sources
 of religious life. By his position and influence,
 he has the ability and opportunity to make
 thieves, housebreakers, and murderers. What
 a fearful revelation it would be to some, even
 professing to be Christian teachers, could they
 know bow much ihey had done by their chill
 ing, heart-freezing sophisms, to check ihe
 generous sympathies of the young, and to
 prepare mental soil, by their low cant and
 hypocrisy, for a plentiful growth of unprinci
 pled deceit, fraud, falsehood, aod villainy
 j. d.
P«m! Fain! Fain!
 The ladies and friends of the Western New
 oik Anu Slavery Soeiety intend to bold a
 Fair at V ictor, on Saturday, the ftth of Sep
 tember, at which a large assortment of elegant
 w»d useful articles will be presented—(he
 majority of which were made in Eoglaod,
 Ireland, and Scotland. The friends of the
 dare are earnestly invited to attend.
Tbe refreshment tables will be amply pro
 vided with detieoetos, including ice-cream ami
 lemonade.
 FfCDCRiCX Do VO LAMB will bold S» *ol*
 slavery meeting at Victor on previous
 evening, Friday, September th, at sever
 o’clock.
 There will also be an Aeti-Slavery Fair
 held at East Bloomfield on Monday, Sep
 tember 10, which will be preceded by an
 anti-slavery meeting on Sunday, the 9th inst
 The energetic co-operation of the anti-sla
 very friends in these towns is earnestly soli
 cited.
THE MIIOUL LEWIE.
 Meeting for tbe Organization of tbe Na
 tional League.
 Philadelphia, Aug. 31, 1849.
 Pursuant to notice extensively circulated, a
 large and enthusiastic meeting was held in
 Brick Wesley Church, Lombard-street, On
 Thursday evening, the 30th ult. Mr. David
 B. Bonser was called to the chair, and Doct.
 Pick elected as secretary.
 The consideration of an article in the North
 Star, bearing the caption of The Union of
 the Oppressed for the sake of Freedom,” was
 declared to he the legitimate business tor
 which the meeting was called; and the art icle
 was ordered to be read. After the reading of
 the article by the secretary, C. L. Remond,
 Esq., was loudly called for by the audience,
 but declined speaking at that stage of the
 meeting, because he conceived it to be the
 province of some one or more of the citizens
 of Philadelphia to lead off.
 Mr. George W. Goines then arose and
 spoke in favor of the call and Mr. Douglass’
 proposition and was followed by Mr. John
 Williams in a practical speech, with all his
 usual amount of pith and humor.
 Mr. James Randolph, of Albany, being in
 the house, was called upon, and, after making
 a few preliminary remaiks, begged an excuse
 on the ground of being a non-resident of the
 city.
 Mr. Remond then took the stand and spoke i
 at some length, and in an unusually eloquent
 manner, showing the necessity of union among
 us, and urging a concentration of action as
 essential and absolutely necessary to pr igress
 After Mr. R. had concluded, a motion was j
 made and adopted, that a committee of five be
 appointed to report a preamble and constitu
 tion forming a National League.
 J. J. G. Bias, Geo. W. Goines, Jno. C.
 Bowers, Jno. V. Burr, and C. L. Remond,
 were appointed as the committee, with in
 structions to report on the following Thursday
 evening. After which, the meeting adjourned.
 D. B. BONSER, Pres’t
 D. J. Peck, Secretary.
Buffalo, N. Y. lug. 30, 1849.
 Mr. Editor: l was highly pleased to
 ree in the North Star of the 10th, your plan
 lor a National League. The necessity of such
 an organization, to draw out and embody the
 moral and intellectual power of the colored
 people of this country, is too obvious to need
 i argument. Through the medium of such an
 organization we can manifest to the people
 of this country, that we have sufficient capa
 city to understand and appreciate our rights,
 and n e ability and spirit to maintain them.
 The general outline of vow plan I think
 unexceptionable, with the exception of the
 7th Article, relating to the time and place of
 holding the annual meetings. If a permanent
 place is to be appointed, it shsuld be mors
 central; certainly not farther east than Buf
 falo or Rochester. It is evident that it would
 be as unjust to the western people to select
 New York or Philadelphia, as it would be to
 the eastern people to chose Chicago or Cin
 cinnati. With regard to the time, I think
 the first of August the beet period that could
 possibly be selected, for several reasons. The
 I latter part of July, and the first of Auguat is
 considered the dullest period of the whole
 season, fur all kinds of business except farm
 ing so that of course, the mnjunty of per
 sons could attend with leas inconvenience
 then, than at any other time and no day
 could be selected more appropriate for an
 oppressed and outraged people to assemble j
 and devise plans for obtaining their just rights,
 and elevating their moral and intellectual
 character, than that on which nearly a million
 of their brethren were raised from a state of
 cbattlebood to the full enjoyment of the rights
 and privi eges of freemen. The’annual cele
 bration of West I d a Emancipation fur 1850
 has been appointed at Buffalo, and will
 probably be attended by Jatge numbers and
 I would suggest the propriety of calling a
 convention for tbe purpose of organizing the
 League, at the same time and place.
 Yours for Union and Freedom.
 J. W. WHITFIELD.
Albany, September 3, 1849.
 Frederick Douglass Dear Sir: 1 am
 pleased with your suggestion of forming a
 National League of colored people,
 and I meant to have made known to you my
 thoughts upon it for two weeks gone, but
 failed doing so for want of convenience to
 i commit them to paper. However, I hope you
 will not construe my tarames* into a feeling of
 indifference, for that ib not my caw. 1 have
 j long since learned that the chief hindrance to
 success, in our various undertakings to better
 oar condition, ia, the divisions that exist
 I amongst ua, as a whole; and have held my
 self ready when anythiog feasible should be
 offered as a remedy, to take hold and be one
 to aid in carrying it into operation.
 The questions, How are we to heal our
 diviiionst” What are we to unite upon*’*
 have not been satisfactorily answered. Some
 looked for one thing, tome another, and yet
 j nothing definite ia acted upon.
 What we laek ia, not having a plan for
 general action, agreed upon, and well under
 stood m every locality where lives a colored
 peisoo. This we want, and must have, if we
 hope to work effectively. Perhaps something
 upon the plan of the Irish Repeal Associa
 tion might do, or let os have any system for
 the suatatoiog of which we can be induced to
 lay aside local and private interests—all sec
 liooai jealousies, and be enabled thereby to
 bring into lively aetivity the energies of the
 enure people, directing them the course
 which will best accomplish the ends desired
 The work, to my mind, appears to be of
 magnitude—yet it is possible to bring it out;
 but &lt;melf most expect to perform the lar
 ge* e. All will naturally direct their
 o you you have suggested a plan,
and will be depended upon to do mo-t towird*
 P®rie«Ming it.
 j I hope ibat ilon ij ihe we mm
 &gt;eity will get aeaiett.ing in a tangible »happ
 a meeting, bearing uj*m tin# subject
 which, when Accomplished, will he forwarded
 jki you for consideration, a c
 Yours, as ever.
 WM H TOpp
 j
 iurrtsbi re, Aug. j* j,j.,
 i Frederhr Docolas* Having Ob
 j served hi the “North of U gu lrt|fc
 a Constitution which you hare yetted u,
 the public, for the purp**e o f forming j
 uonai League” among that potion of mbabi
 tants who are oppressed m this country, r j
 having examined the same, I think it adrtm*
 blv adapted for the object at which it a ms
 and, I have not the least doubt, if u 19
 rally adopted by the oppressed of tin*
 country, it will contribute to hasten the da\
 when public scnlimerit m regard to slaver?
 aod prejudice hall be revolutionized, whet
 those heathenish landmark* of ea«t (hall be
 'bioted out, and when America in deed and
 .1 in word wball be a land f Libcitv
 Your motto “The l nion of the oppressed
 ;for the sake of Liberty,” is a glorious one
 one, that should attract the attention and meet
 ~ihe approbation of tf.e oppr ss.-d m this an ,j
 one that should hr kept in ,j, e
 j breeze, until universal liberty and equality
 j shall be brazed on ihedton and outposts ot
 this nation.
 The time has now arrived, uhm the op
 pressed of this land should iak s more COf|
 apicuous position They shoo’d centre vheu
 influence more on the dead level of Überij
 ,to make their appeals effectual on the public
 1 mind.
 I shall, therefore. Sir, at iho eaiiiest penod
 (lay your‘Constitution’before a public meet
 ring of the citizens of this place.
 Very respectfully yours,
 JOHN N. COLE
‘"Calling inm out,” and he Comes.
 Mr. Douglas* —ln.thc last number of the
 North Star, you ofTer me an opportunity, to
 J speak for myself, through the same medium
 through which you have slandered and tra
 jduced me 1 thank you for it, and at the
 .same time 1 assure you, that whenever you
 lay asside low and vulgar personalities, and
 i rae ou as 3 gentleman, l will answer, and
 not otherwise. I had two reasons lor not
 resorting to youi paper in order to mak&lt;* a re
 ply. Firs*, because 1 addressed a letter to
 you last winter lor publication, expressive
 i°* m y gratitude to some of my anti-slavery
 friends in Penn Van, and vou did not sutler it
 |to see the light, because it contained some
 .views which were unpalatable to you And
 in the second place, because I thought it un
 likely that after having wilfully misrcpre~:pn
 ted me, you could not even “for a pre
 tence” show so much liberality
 Y'»u heard ihat my friends, and the friends
 of universal freedom in England, had invited
 me to visit that country, and immediately you
 became very much alarmed, and your friends
 also. The reason for this trouble of mind on
 your part 1 have not been able to determine,
 unless it is, that you have the spirit of the
 Old Roman, and believe that “tho world was
 made for Caesar.’ You did not even want
 i to know whether I wasgoing to that country,
 before you labored like a Hurcules to black
 en my character in the eyes of a people who
 may never *ee me. I knew sir, that in your
 hot pursuit alter a worthless, and a transient
 fame, you would sometimes stoop to mean
 things, but 1 never dream .d that you would
 ever sink so low, that you would have to
 reach up, standing on tip-toe, to find that
 j °f meanness where common knaves are
 inclined to pause. Ah, sir, the green-eyed
 .monster has made you mad. Pardon me,
 j w ,en J te *l you that you never imbibed a
 spirit so narrow from any dark son of our na
 tive Maryland, living or dead. But why
 should I marvel When did you ever mam
 fest friendship to any colored main who dif
 fered with you in sentiment You deign not
 to mention ihe name of the noble Alexander
 Crummel!; you have stabbed at J W. C
 Pennington you have trie 1 to ruin that elo
 quent fugitive Henry Bibb; and you havo
 vainly attempted to crush that intellectual
 giant Samuel R. Ward. But you are at
 home in the company ol Thomas Van Rens
 selaer, editor of the Ram’s Horn, whom you
 have accused of falsehood. What think, you
 of the old adage, Show me a man’s company,
 and 1 will tell you what he is
 In your assassin-like article, which you de
 sired to take effect in England, you say that
 lama man,and may stand among my brethren.
 —Why was all that necessary 1 Why raise
 a mortal to the sky 1 You taik of my race.
 piay sir, how many races of men are there'
 Certainly if you do not belong to rny rare
 you must belong to that of Hainan
 You make four charges against me, everv
 one if which is generally and particularly
 false and you knew them to lie such when
 you made them.
 1. You say that I goto England to adru
 cate a cause abroad which I ha\ out espoused
 at horn:—the Free Produce cause. Tois i*
 untrue in two particulars. Igo not tor that
 purpose alone—l ain requested to adi«cau
 the cause of freedom generally. I an a
 friend of Free Produce, and have humbly
 commenced practicing it.
 2. You publish that I have no faith tfcte
 use of moral means for the extinction ol
 American .Slavery. htlux* with ell my
 heart in such mean v —and 1 Uhu iha&gt; political
 pouer ought to be used for that end, and lrun
 when rightly used it is sti &lt;rtly moral. I also
 believe that the slave has a moi d right to
 use hi* physical power to obtain his hbertv
 —my Motto is, give me liberty, or gin me
 death. Haro you, Frederick Douglas*., sav
 I otherwise 1 Speak plainly—l am “calling
 you out.”
 3. You accuse me ot being &gt;oui enemy. I
 am not. I stand in that relatiou iu no uian
 You bate me because I tell you ilw? troth
 I May you seek speedy repentance.
 4. You, and the Aim-Slavery Bugiu, sav
 that I will misrepresent you in England M*
 iheme in ilia! laud will b* ol better area, and
 b**tu*i principles than you, or tlowe which
 you powuese Will the Bugle please publish
 this totter, and send me ito* paper, and I will
 send bun a years subscription
 Some two months ago or more, Mi U uU d
 lass challenged a»e, in connexion with Maid,
 and Bibb, to discuss tbe mallei upon ab*'* l
 we differed in Now Yorkm May rist. I
