Poetrfi.
PROGRESS.
 BY JOHJI CItITCHI.r.Y FRI!*CK.
 Ob' ye hart gtocion* dnOe# to fulfil,
 Nor feint wr few upon the weary wav,
 Ve who with earnest rertitwfc of will
 Marshall the million# for the mortal fra\;
 Vt who with volleyed speech and volant by
 ’Gain#* the dauk cloud of social ill* engage I
 l**d da from out the darknen# to the da\
 Ue languish to beholdexalt the age,
 And write yonr name* in fire on Troth’# im«potted
 With hopeful heart, and faith-uplifted brow,
 l Preea on, ('ruaader?, for the good ia near!
 I&gt;eeert and danger are behind, and now
 Sweet wind# and water* murmur in &lt;w ear,
 And plemeowa sign* of peaceful life appear,
 And rong* of solace greet u« ai we go,
 And o’er the bomou’s rim, not broad, but clear,
 ihe light of a new morning aeema to flow—
 We journey ton ward, on, and hail the uprising
 glow.
 In the and wilderness we’re wandered long.
 Thirsting «tmid the inhospitable sand.
 Cheered by (hat burden of prophetic aong—
 The chime, the ume of Freedom ia at hand’”
 And to! upon the threshold of (he land,
 W’c strive aod hope, keep patient, watch and
 wait;
 And few *nd feeble are the fort that stand
 Between us and our guerdon. Beck, proud gate
 That ope# into the rc dm* of Freedom’# high estate!
 Not oar#, perchauoc, tiir d »tmy to see
 The unveiled glories of her inner bower,
 Bin myi iads following in our step# shall be
 Equal pat takers of the coming hour,
 The unincumbered heritage, (lie dower,
 With it# full fruit# is theirs, with all its store
 Of fine fruition and exalted power,
 And uuth aim!! teach them her tran#cendant lore
 Man toward# the perfect God advaucetli evermore.
 And in our upward progie#* through the past,
 giant evil* have have lieen trodden down’
 Dread deep?, which struck tlie shrinking soul
 aghast,
 Branding the doer e iih unbleit renown;
 The inquisitor’? har*h face, and gloomy gowu,
 In whose fieice foi l* the martyr won his crown,
 Are gone into the whence they came;
 There let them rust and rot, in God’s insulted name.
 From the National F.ia.
 SONG OF BROTHERHOOD.
 BY 8. t). ANDKHSOr.
 Brothers, sing! the chain? are broken.
 Hear the anthem, see the token,
 Man’s great heart at length hap spoken—
 Hear it, Brothers, hear!
 Li#ten to its songs of gladness!
 Hark! from thrones and altars falling,
 Hark! from bondage spirit-galling,
 Freedom’s voice is loudly calling—
 Hear it, Brothers, hear!
 Liberty is in eacli breathing.
 Noble heart? to life are waking,
 *Neath the sunlight proudly breaking,
 Error’s troops are meanly quaking—
 Hear it, Brothers, hear!
 Look and see the day is dawning.
 All around old things are dying,
 Force and fraud in terror flying,
 Whilst for light the world is crying—
 Hear it, Brothers, hear!
 Loud as lone 9 of winter’s tempest.
 Hark! a voice across the water,
 From each stricken son and daughter,
 Mid the famine and the slaughter—
 Hear it, Brotliers, hear!
 They are talking too of freedom-
 On the mountains they arc telling
 Thoughts that now in secret welling,
 Soon will like a torrent swelling,
 Hear it, Brotliers, bear!
 For it tells you light is coming.
 From that land where year on year,
 Heard tlie lash and saw the tear,
 Do eome rays of light appear?
 Hear it, Brothers, hear!
 Brotherhood is struggling upward.
 Oh then, Brothers, with your armor,
 Heed ye not the siren charmer,
 See the battle wage# warmer—
 Hear it, Brotliers, hear!
 Join your comrade? in the contest.
 From tlie Standard of Freedom.
 ROME SHALL BE FREE.
 Power that must conquer wrong’
 Uplift this suppliant throng,
 Heart-bowed to thee:
 Speed thou the oath we swear
 Strong as an answered prayer,
 By all that freeman dare,
 Rome shall be free!
 By Brutus’ constant zeal,
 By thine own Rafiaellc,
 Rome shall be free!
 By all the glorious stir,
 Since Rome’s first heroes were,
 By our new Triumvir,
 Rome dial I be free
 By Codes’ dauutle:- war,
 By Mutiu* Scsevola,
 Rome shall be free!
 By Curtius’ deed devout.
 By Brennus’ baffled rout,
 Yet doll) Cami*lus shout,
 Rome thall be free.
 By alt our martyr line,
 By all their hopes divine,
 Rome shall be tree!
 By young Ruflini’i pain—
 The Bandiera twain;
 They have not died in vain—
 Rome shall lx* free!
 By her eternal name,'
 By Freedom’s quenchless flame,
 Rome dial! I* free!
 By thy Beloved, by him,
 Who make# old glories dim—
 Echo Mazzini’s hymn—
 Rome shall be
 SERENADE
 BY J. R. MWELt.
 From the close-shut window gleam.* no spark
 The night ;a chilly, tlie night is dark,
 The poplars shiver, tlie pine trees moan,
 My hair by the autumn breeze is blown,
 Under thy window 1 sing alone,
 Alone, alone, alt voe! alone!
 The darkness ia pressing coldly around,
 The windows shake with a lonely aouud,
 The stars are bid, the night is drear.
 The heart of aifeoce throb# in tbine ear,
 Is thy chamber thou aiueat done,
 Alw£~ 1 lli d'"- 1
 The world is happy, the world is wide,
 Kind I warts arc beating ou every side;
 Ah, why si too Id we lie so d !y curled
 Alone in the shell of this great world!
 Why should we nny more be alone 1
 Alone, alone, ah woe' atom-'
 Ob, *t»s a bitter and dreary word,
 'I be saddest by man’s ear ever heard;
 W« eat n mc young, we each have a hs-.iri.
 Why stand we evei oldly apart'
 Meat we (orevet itsri, be slots
 Alone, alone, eh woe 1 alone’
Communications.
Ffttocvicx Dovqlabs A few weeks since, 1
 observed in a number of the North Star, an
 article with the caption, ‘*.4 woman with two
 husbands" taken, 1 think, from an Kngliab
 paper.
 It brought immediately to my mind a ease
 of the name kind wtthio my own knowledge.
 If in your opinion it would be of any mterwt
 or benefit to your readers, you are at libeny
 to hand over to your publisher the following
 hasty sketch for it is but a sketch of what
 would make a volume.—*.
A WOMAN WITH TWO HI RDANDS:
 OR. THE RETURNING PRODIGAL.
In the last war between Great Britain!
 and the United States, W. H i:eld
 a commission in the army of this coun
 try. Like other officers and most pri
 vates of the time, he formed an ac
 quaintance with the social glass." In
 his case, the acquaintance resulted in
 confirmed drunkenness.
 When an officer, he partook only ofj
 liquor brought by a waiter to the parlor
 of the first class hotels. As a private
 citizen after the war, he was kicked
 away trom such hotels, and was fain
 to fill himself” at the lowest and most
 despicable groggery: thus he was not
 allowed to pursue bis trade where he
 had learned it. What keeper of a
 hotel that vends the “creature,” or
 keeps to sell intoxicating drinks, does
 not do this?—does not take from the'
 man of however excellent reputation,
 his money and his fair name? Not for
 an equivalent, but for that which inva-’
 riably injures the name and the man, i
 just in the proportion in which it is
 used. And when his victim is deprived
 of both money and character, despise
 him?
 He was once possessed of the attri-
 butes of manhood, but was now a
 drunkard. At this period of his history,
 he was a resident of the town of Sodus,.
 in Wayne county, this state. He was
 a husband and father—had an amiable
 wife and promising children. I need
 not speak of his frequent determination
 to leave the tatal glass and return to j
 sobriety and usefulness. In every di
 rection the alluring temptation was pre
 sented, and he had too long been the
 willing subject now to break the ine
 briating chain. He respected his wife
 and loved his childreu too ardently toj
 he the means coheir continual dis
 grace and Having wisely
 concluded that be better off',
 without than with him, he left home,
 resolved never to return, a
 reformed mau.
 Month after month and
 year passed away, and no leuer or,
 report 'was received by his family or
 friends from this wandering inebriate.'
 Not many months, however, after his
 departure, a man by the same name
 was killed in blasting rocks at Lock
 port; and no information being received
 by his family from their own beloved
 husband and father, it was concluded
 that the killed W. H. was he. His
 wife therefore was considered a widow.
 Having an offer of marriage from a
 man whom she thought had a more
 comfortable home than her own, she
 accepted it. But as he proved not to
 be equal to her first husband, when
 sober, her attachment for him was not
 of the strongest kind. She had married
 him, not that she loved him, but be
 cause he could give her a home.

 In the year 183- the wreck of a human
 being was seen wending his way beside
 the road leading from Buffalo to the
 now village of Govvanda. Disconsolate
 as he was, and dirty as were
 mains of the garments that hunJHbut
 him, his broad, capacious foreflp in
 dicated that he had once been
 of some distinction. Deep, and dreary,
 and painful, had been his
 fall, but, blessed merciful God,
 not beyond lt was W. H.
 Where had he been, and whither
 was he going The story would be too
 long for a single newspaper article, as
 I have concluded to make this Moral
 j ly, mentally, physically, and geograph
 f ically, he had been far from his home.
 The story of his privation is an affect
 ing one. At one period of his history,
 he was upon the lap ot luxury and
 I summit of prosperity: at another, and
 at the lime we now speak of, a misera
 blc subject of intemperance and victim
 of delirium tremens. Not so. He was
 not note the subject of intemperance;
 for he had drank the lust glass of the
 intoxicating beverage. His brothers
 found him—washed and furnished him
 with whole and clean apparel, and by
 practising the law of kindness, soon
 restored him to himself. He thanked
 most fervently his God that he was
 again in his “rig/ft mind.”
 He now remembered the wife and
 children whom he had for so many long
 I years forsaken. Where were they
 now? Being now a reformed man,
 could he not go to see them? Might
 he not hope to be again restored tc
 their fond embraces? He would at
 least go and ask of his wife that for
 giveness which had not been denied
 i him oy his Father. His brothers, fear
 mg a return of insanity, did n- inform
 i him that his wife had again married.—
 He had arrived within 10 or 12 miles
 of his former residence before this as
 t toundmg intelligence reached his ear
 j “O my God! what shall I do? Whei
 shall my cup of suffering be full? J
 1 have no good reason to complain, bu
 bow long shall I feel thy chastening
 rod? May 1 not enjoy the society oi
 my children?” He resolved to go anc
 see them.
 We next find the subject of our stor)
 at the house of his father-in-law, re
 ceiving from a sister to his wife a lettei
 of introduction to his daughter,—whet
 he left, a little prattler—now arrivec
 to womanhood, and teaching school ii
 a neighboring town, near the [now
 j ’residence of her mother.
 Arriving at a house near the schoo
 of his daughter, a message was dis
 patched to her that a gentleman then
 wished io see her. A tall voting ladj
 soon entered, and received by the ham
 ol the stranger the letter of introductiot
 I to her father. She glanced hastilj
 over the letter, and was not long ii
 1 finding the words, The bearer of thi
 is your father.” “Can it be *v fa
 tiilr!”
 The introduction to tbe wife am
 mother can better be imagined tha
described. She bad bettered him
 dead, bot he was alive.” Of course,
 had he come directly from the grave,
 the shock could hare been no greater.
 In conclusion, let me say that my
 readers will be agreeably interested to
 learn that the former wife of W. H.
 is his first, present, and only wife!
 Her first lore was the stronger. She
 could not lire with another man while
 her husband was yet alive.
 They hare a comfortable, pleasant
 home in this town. I hardly need say
 that my friend W H. has been an
 efficient laborer in the cause of tempe
 rance, and that he is a warm and devo
 ted friend of the slave.
 Collins Centre, N. Y.
Selections.
 THE BROTHERHOOD OF MAW.
 BV JOHN O WHITTIER.
The population of Lowell is consti
 tuted mainly of New Englanders, but
 there are representatives here of almost
 every part of the civilized world. The
 good humored face of the Milesian
 meets one at almost every turn, —the
 shrewdly solemn Scotchman, the trans-
 Atlantic Yankee, blending the crafty
 thrift of Bryce Snailsfoot with the stern
 religious heroism of Cameron, —the
 blue-eyed, fair-haired German, from
 the towered hills which overlook the
 the Rhine, slow, heavy, and unpromis
 ing in his exterior, yet of the same
 mould and mettle of the men who ral
 lied for Father-Land at the Tyr
 tean call of Korner, and beat back the
 chivalry of France from the banks of
 the Katzbach, the countrymen of
 Ritcher, and Goethe, and our sainted
 Fcllen. Here, too, are pedlars from
 Hamburgh, and Bavaria, and Poland,
 with their sharp Jewish faces and black
 keen eyes. At this moment, beneath
 my window', are two sturdy, sun-brown
 ed Swiss maidens, grinding music for
 a livelihood, rehearsing in a strange
 Yankee land, the simple songs of their
 old mountain home, reminding me by
 their foreign garb and language, of
Lauterbrumicn’s peasant girl.
 Poor wanderers! —I love not their mu
 sic: but now as their notes die away,
 and, to use the words of Dr. Holmes,
 silence comes like a poultice to heal
 the wounded ear,” I feel grateful for
 their visitation. Away from the crowd
 ed thoroughfare, from brick walls and
 dusty avenues, at t|}g sight of these
 poor peasants I have gone in thought
 to the vale of Chaumony, and seen,
 with Coleridge, the morning star paus
 ing on the bald awful head of Sovran
 Blanc,” and the sunrise and the sunset
 glorious upon snow-crested mountains,
 down in yhosc vallies the night still
 lingers—and following in the track of
 Byron and Rousseau, have watched,
 the lengtnening shadow's of the hills oni
 the beautiful waters of the Genevan
 lake. Blessings, then, upon the young
 wayfarers, for they have blessed me
 unawares.” In an hour of sickness
 and lassitude, they have wrought for me
 the miracle of Lorretto’s chapel, and
 borne me away from the scenes around
 me, and the mom of personal suffering,
 to that wonderful land where nature
 seems still uttering, from lake and,
 mountains whose eternal snows lean on&gt;
 the hard blue heaven, the echoes of
 that mighty hymn of a new-created
 world, when the morning stars sang
 together, and all the sons of God shout
 ed for joy!”
 But of all classes of foreigners, the
 Irish are by far the most numerous.
 They constitute a quiet and industrious
 portion of the population, and are con
 sequently respected by their Yankee
 neighbors. For myself, I confess I feel
 a sympathy for the Irishman. I see
 him as the representative of a generous,
 warm-hearted, and cruelly oppressed
 people. That he lov&amp; his native land
 —that his patriotism is divided—that
 he cannot forget the claims of his
 mother island—that bis religion, with
 all its abuses, is dear to him—does not
 decrease my estimation of him. A
 stranger in a “trange land, he is to me
 always an object of interest. The
 poorest and rudest has a romance in
 his history. Amidst all his apparent!
 gaeity of heart and national drollery
 and wit, the poor emigrant has sad
 I thoughts of the “ould mother of him,”
 sitting in her solitary cabin by the hog
 i side—recollections of a father’s bles
 sing, and a sister’s farewell are haunt
 i ing him—a grave inound in a distant
 church-yard, far beyond the “wide
 wathers,” has an eternal greenness in
 his memory—for there, perhaps, lies aj
 darlint child,” or a swate crather
 who once loved him, —the New World
 is forgotten for the moment —blue Kil
 larney and the Lifty sparkle before him
 —Gtendalough stretches beneath him
 its dark still mirror—he sees the same,
 evening sunshine rest upon and hallow
 alike with nature’s blessings the ruins
 of the Seven Churches of Ireland’s
 i apostolic age, the broken mound of the
 Druids, and the Round Towers of the!
 Phenican sun-worshippers,—beautiful
 i and mournful recollections of his home
 w'aken within him—and the rough and
 seemingly careless and light-hearted
 laborer melts into tears. It is no light
 thing to abandon one’s own country
 and household gods. Touching and
 i beautiful was the injunction of the
 Prophet of the Hebrews: Ye shall
 not oppress the stranger, for ye know
 the heart of the stranger seeing that ye
 were strangers in the land of Egypt.”
 1 love my country—l have a strong
 j New England feeling: but I am no
 friend of that narrow spirit of mingled
 I national vanity and religious intolerance
 which under the name of Native A
 mericanisrn, has made its appearance
 among us. I reverence man, as man.,
 j I have no prejudices against other na
 tions—l caunot regard the people of
 England as my enemies, nor sympa
 thize with the blustering sham patriot
 ism which is ever exclaiming, like the|
 giant of the nursery tale:
 Kec-Ciu funu!
 1 y*rll lh* blood of an Englishman;
 I)t:ul or alive, 1 will have seme.”
 I remember that the same sun which
 shines upon England’s royalty and
 priestcraft, streams also into the dusty
 workshop of Ebenezer Elliot—rests on
 the drab coat of the Birmingham
 Quaker Reformer—greets O’Connell
 hrougb tbo grates of his prison—glo
 rifies the grey loeks of Clarkson, and
 j gladdened the heroic-hearted Harriet
Marttneau, in her sick chamber at the
 mouth of the Tyne. With heart and
 son! I respond to the sentiments of
 Channiog, when speaking of a foreign
 nation:
 “That nation is not an abstraction
 to me; it is no longer a vague mass; it
 spreads out before me into individuals,
 in a thousand interesting forms and rela
 tions; it consists of husbands and wives
 —parents and children —who love one
 at. "‘her as I love my own home; it
 consists of affectionate women and
 sweet children; it consists of Chris
 tians, united with me to the common
 Savior, and in whose spirit I reverence
 the likeness of his divine virtue; it
 consists of a vast multitude of laborers
 at the plow and in the workshop, whose
 toils I sympathize with, whose burdens
 I should rejoice to lighten, and for
 whose elevation 1 haw pleaded; it
 consists of men of science, taste, ge
 nius, whose writings have beguiled my
 solitary hours, and given life to my
 intellect and best affections. I love
 this nation: its men and women are my
 brothers and sisters.”
Young Chann ing. —Thanks to my
 stars, I can say I have never killed a
 bird. I would not crush the meanest
 insect which crawls upon the ground.
 They have the same right to live that 1
 have; they received it from the same
 Father; and I will not mar the works
 of God by wanton cruelty.
 1 can remember an incident in my
 childhood, which has given a turn to
 my whole life and character. 1 found
 a nest of birds in my father’s field,
 which contained four young ones.
 They had no down when I first disco
 vered them. They opened their little
 mouths as if they were hungry, and I
 gave them some crumbs which were in
 ray pocket. Every day I returned to
 feed them. As soon as school was
 done, 1 would run home for some
 bread, and sit by the nest to see them
 eat, for an hour at a time. They were
 now leathered, and almost ready to fly.
 When I came one morning, I found
 them all cut up into quarters. The
 grass round the nest was red with
 blood. Their little limbs were raw and
 bloody. The mother was on a tree,
 and the father on the wall, mourning
 for their young. I cried, myself, for I
 was a child. I thought, too, that the
 parents looked upon me as the author
 of their miseries, and this made me
 still more unhappy. I wanted to un
 deceive them. I wanted to sympathize
 with and comfort them. When I left
 the field, the/ followed me with their
 eyes and with mournful reproaches. I
 was too young and too sincere in my
 grief to make any apostrophes. But I
 can never forget my feelings. The
 impression will never be worn away,
 nor can I ever cease to abhor every
 species of inhumanity toward inferior
 animals.— Dr. Channmg.
From the New York Tribune;
 OPTICAL ILLUSION IN THE CATS
 KILL MOUNTAINS.
The following interesting extract
 from a private letter, descriptive of a
 singular optical illusion on the Catts- j
 kill Mountains, written by an eye wit- j
 ness, has been banded to us by a friend
 for publication:
 The afternoon [Tuesday,
 Aug. 14] was a memorable one for the
 Mountain. The optical illusion of last!
 Monday week, was reproduced, but
 more transcendantiy beautiful than it,
 had ever appeared before. It is the
 third time in twenty years that this ex
 traordinary phenomenon has been per
 ceived. Mrs. A. and myself were sit
 ting on the rock in front of the piazza,
 when she suddenly exclaimed: “Look!
 look!” I did so, and the whole hotel
 was mirrored in the cloud before us.— j
 The whole house was assembled imme-
 diately, and we ran out to the point of
 rock from which the phenomenon of
 last Monday had been perceived. We
 were scarcely there a minute when a
 beautifully arched rainbow was formed
 in the cloud, exactly in the centre of
 which was seen the entire group, pre
 cisely as they stood on the ledge of
 rock. It was not merely their shadows,
 but the entire form of each person in
 the group was distinctly visible; each
 person saw the whole group, not merely
 the reflection of his own image. This
 lasted about five minutes, when the
 rainbow disappeared, and the phenom
 enon of Monday last succeeded; each
 person saw his own shadow, of huge
 dimensions, reflected on the cloud and
 'surrounded by a halo of light, but was
 unable to see that of his neighbor. I
 shall never in iny life see anything of
 the kind again, and if I had not seen it,
 I could have formed no conception of
 its effect; it was perfectly thrilling.—
 The poems of Ossian, the Children of
 the Mist; the Death-fetch of the Ger
 mans; the Spectral Phantoms that were
 fearful visions to the less enlightened
 ages, were all realized distinctly and
 palpably before us. This visit to the
 Catskills has revealed to me more of
 I the wonders of nature than all else that
 j I have seen put together. c. r. d/
Not a bad custom. —The Samnites,
 a people descended from the Lacede
 monians, had a custom among them
 selves which must have produced an
 excellent effect upon their morals. At
 an appointed time, the young people
 were all assembled in one place, their
 conduct was closely examined, and he
 who was found most eminent for virtue
 and services to his country, had per
 mission to choose for his wife anybody
 he preferred out of the whole nation.—
 “Admirable institution!” exclaims Mon
 tesquieu. “The only recommenda
 tion that young men could have on this
 occasion was owing to virtue and to the
 services done their country. Love,
 beauty, chastity, birth, and even wealth,
 were all, in some measure, the dowry
 of virtue. A nobler, grander recom
 pense, less chargeable to a petty state,
 and more capable of influencing both
 •extotf, cuuid scarcely be imagined.
 Radii.
Truthful.—A printer, whose talents
 were but indifferent, turned physician.
 He was asked the reason of it. “In
 priming,” answered be, “all the faults
 are exposed to the eye; but in physic
 they are buried with the patient; and
 one gets off more easily.”
Why is a lady, while decorating her
 fingers, like one in distress? Because
 she’s wringing her hands
3M&gt;oertidttnents.
“Efery Hu hb in Pfcysiciai."
 THE HOME DOCTOR.
 TUST PUBLISHED,* we" nd book
 U far every famiK in the coiartry, sad one that in;
 be consulted with perfect safety- As U» title page
 indicates it THE HOME DOCTOR, or Family
 Mural, givntg tbr rinrr-, eywawme and treatment
 of Disease*, with mm ncceent of the system while in
 health, and rides (at preserving that Mate. Appea
 led to which err recipes for making various medi
 cines and mticles for diet for the sick room. The
 whole written for general eat and daily practice, by
 John B. Newman, M. U.”
 Abo, accompanying lias book, or separate, is
 •‘THE HERB BOOK, a book dnvoted exclusively
 to Herbs, giving their names, varieties,description,
 medical properties and doeee, use, time of gathering,
 aad many other directions very useful for every fam
 ily to know, and -.ritten expressly for fomily use.”
 The Herb Book is devoted solely to Papular Mtd
 e«l Bator, y, and will furnish on that point all the
 nesired i iformation wanted for general use.”
 The two books are put up aad bound together and
 contain 200 pages, price 23 cents, or sold separate
 at 12 j cents.
 The symptoms of each disease are carefully given
 so toot one may be recognized from another, to pbi
 vent practising in the dark; also the treatment ,g
 sketch of general physiology, and rales for keepser
 in health, together with observations on thrircausoe,
 means of avoiding deleterious influences, and snuc
 other remarks as are deemed appropriate, for
 male and female.
 The book has been written with great care, in a
 plain, simple, common-sense style easil; to be un-,
 .ler stood by every person, and br a practical ptoyii-!
 ctauanda thorough botanist. We can recommend,
 it with entire confidence, as being a work superior
 in all respects to any other book the kink #ver
 published at the price.
 Families in the country and especially those liv
 ing in new countries and unhealthy climates, should
 not tail to procure a copy and have it at all times at
 hand, in case of sickness as they might thereby by
 aime simple remedy save an expensive and protrac
 ted doctors bill. Whether well or sick, such a book
 should be in every bouse as a sale and sure adviser
 in time of need, the direction given for persons in
 health cannot be too strictly attended to'by all.
 The price at which the book is sold is so low that
 every family may have a copy, and none should be
 without it.
 The book is put up in Paper binding, and can
 easily be sent by mail. Postage only cents to any
 aartofthe United States.
 (0* Any person sending us one dollar by mail, and
 pod paying postage on the letter, shall have four
 copies sent him free of postage
 Send in your ordersa, there is no risk in sending
 money by mail, it comes to us daily, and the books
 always reach tlPir destination.
 (0* Four families can club together and send a
 dollar bill, and have four books sent to one address.
 WANTED —Agents in most of the States to sell
 this work, almost every family will purchase it if
 earned to their doors. A small capital of from $2O
 to $5O will be necessary for each agent. Address,
 vost paid GEO. W. FISHER,
 April 1,1845. 6 Exchange-st, Rochester, N. Y.
NORTHAMPTONWATER CURE.
 ELECTRICITY A HYDROPATHY.
 THE important principles of Cutaneous Electricity,
 the discovery of which hy the undersigned, has
 opened so wide a held for scientific and ph\ Biological
 investigation, though ridiculed and opposed at its
 first announcement in 1844, by medical and profes
 sedly scientific men, being now sustained by eminent
 men of philosophic and scientific knowledge, and by
 the experience and testimony of thousands, who have
 tested his theory by examinations in their own cases,
 the undersigned is confident that this principle of
 natural and physiological law, needs ouly to be un
 derstood to be justly appreciated by an intelligent
 and investigating public.
 Sustained by such testimony, and more than five
 years’ practical experience as a Diagnosian and Hy
 dropathic, the undersigned would here repeat the
 conulusions at which lie has arrived by the sense of
 touch. Ist. That the human body, in a healthy
 condition, is in a positive electrical state. 2d. That
 there are electrical emanations from the cuticlar
 surface, indicative of health, or the nature and
 symptoms of disease. 3d. That in all cases where
 the wrist, stomach, or lungs, are in an electro-posi
 tive state, (however disturbed,) there is hope of a
 cure; but when llie parts of the Itody alluded to are
 in the electro-negative state, Hydropathy can afford
 no relief.
 i Had not the results of his practice already con
 vinced the public of the truthfulness of the principles
 by which the undersigned ij governed, jn detecting
 the nature and symptoms of disease, the recent phi
 losophical and scientific demonstration of their cor
 rectness, by Professor Means, of Georgia, and Mr.
 Heinmer, of England, and the farts and corrobora
 tive testimony adduced by l»r. Forbes, Mr. Smee,
 and others, should be sufficient to convince the most
 sceptical.
 Gratefully appreciating the credit so generously
 awarded for his success as a Liagnostic and Hy
 dropathic Practitioner, by a discerning public, and
 the gratitude eviuced by tiiose whom he has had the
 pleasure to relieve of their complaints, Uie under
 signed will endeavor to merit the confidence of all
 wlio may afford him an opportunity to effect a cure,
 by his orrginal and philosophical method of practice.
 The Northampton Water Cure is pleasantly situ
 ated near Bensoiiville, on the west bank of Licking
 Water, or Mill River, about two and a half miles!
 from the centre of the town. It is conveniently
 arranged, with parlors, separate bathing and dress-j
 ing-rooms, for Indies and Gentlemen, well venti
 lated and conveniently furnished lodging rooms,and!
 a variety of baths, abundantly supplied with water,
 which, tor purity, and ndapiedness to water-cure
 purposes, is unsurpassed by that of any other estab
 lishment in this country. A new and commodious
 building has just been completed, containing a spa
 cious dining hall, and pleasant lodging rooms, which,
 &gt;vkh the main building, will accommodate from 50
 to 60 patients. A Gymnasium connected with the
 establishment, affords an agreeable and healthful
 indoor exercise. The scenery in this vicinity is
 j picturesque and romantic. There are a variety of
 pleasant walks, sufficiently retired to allow the pa
 i tients to enjoy their rambles without being exposed
 i to public gare or observation
 Among the complaints which are here successfully
 treated, are headache, tendency of blood to llie head,
 cold extremities, general and nervous debility, bron
 chitis, pulmonary affection, liver complaint, jaun
 dice, acute or chronic iiifiammation of tlie I towels,
 piles, dispepsy, general debility, nervous and spinal
 i affections, infiainmatory and chronic rheumatism,
 j neuralgia, sciatica, lame' limbs, paralysis, feveia, salt
 rheum, scrofulous and erysipelas humors.
 AU persons who visit this establishment for a
 course of treatment, should furnish themselves with
 three comfortables, three woolleu blankets, one or
 two linen and three cotton sheets, two pillow cases,
 six or eight crash towels, some well worn linens to
 cut for fomentations, an old cloak or mantle, an tun-
 I brella, and a pair of slippers.
 Terms.—For treatmeut and board from SV«O to
 $8 50 per week, payable weekly. For a patient
 ((from choice or the nature of his complaint) occu
 pying a room alone on the first and second floors*
 *9 (JO—with room-mate, $6,50. For one alone on
 M be third floor, .$8 50—with room-mate, §5 50.
 Patients requiring extra attention or fire in their
 rooms, (except for swathing purposes,) will furnish
 their own nurses and fuel, or pay an extra price.
 For patients receiving treatment at home, #1 00.
 Terms fur examination, from $2 00 to £5 00.
 Post-paid k tiers, with one dollar enclosed, solid
 advice, will receive attention. Corresponding
 patients should be particular in slating their last
 treatment and its effects.
 t DAVID KUGGLEB.
 Northampton, Mass., 1849.
 N.B. Visitors to the Establishment, from the
 j east, west, or south, can take ti&gt;e cars of the Conn.
 River Railroad at .Springfield. Carriages will
 always be in readiness at the Northampton depot, to
 j convey them hither. That the sick and nervous
 I may not be disturbed after retiring, visitors arriving
 e»««ung train are requested to take lodgings
 at a hotel. 6 R
 The human blood, in a normal and healthy con
 dition of the system, u in a positive state, which
 is constantly maintained by the activity of the
 (peoesating sources within—an excess generally pass
 ing off m silence from the cuticubr surface, so tnat
 **P*riioents made by Mr. Hemmer of
 England, upon the uncovered skin,” 322 indicated
 r P rfe 0e O' positive electricity. This surplusage
 of the fluid upon the surface, we believe to bemdis
 pensabie to the healthful condition of the whole
 animal economy, and that when, from any cause, it
 is diminished or ceases, diseased action ensues.”
 See address delivered before the Medical College of
 ti 1 °C‘ tun lU KMion, Nov.
 A JHcau*, A M M.D., Professor of
 and Pharmacy, and Professor of Physical
 J?is-T* TS 14 ed)tor British and For
 eign Medir J Review, in an -&gt;bh» Br *H*
 mad of the akin, ms: Perhsp.
 there u scarcely any disease in wffiefa the func
 tmn of the skin u not, to some extent, deranged.
 To what extent, physicians have not bestowed wf
 ficieat pains to learn; nor have they been accmtumed
 to give much attention to this pari, in the practical
 investigation of diseases. pCSS,
 twchw us .hat it i. the vehicle for
 T. I**® 1 **rg« amount of matter, as welUolul
 Itmid; and practical experience exhibit* it as
 the channel through which the mounts moot* in
 «ney mstnnces. and the burthen of plethora 1J?
 r*U&gt;, find their exit.” |eae
 l*he London Nun, alluding to the discovers of
 •oha.c efectncitv by Alfred Howe, Recgeou to the
 Bank of England, say,: By a tem whiTl.
 electro-voluic, he has satisfied himself thatthTtoT
 mi nation* of the seesot nerve* are positive phr pi
voltaic circuit, while dM ifhw rob*taoc«- b* tf*
 amdftpok' The seaaor serves are the tclrgrsph*
 winch (WTf die MMMioa to iteknio, and thr motor
 nerve* cany Nail the volition to the attach*.'’ tfee
 If. Y. Trihawe, April 7, 1*49
 Dr. Holhek, an the subject «f ole&lt;*rkky,re»»w»t.*;
 There is ao ageat that irffr"** the body aore, both
 naturally and artificially.’* See hi* work on .\&gt;o
 ropnthy, published ia Philadelphia ia 1847, p. 127.
 The following extract u from an ioterratinj! arti
 cle on electricity, copied by ibe N. Y. Joonial of
 Coaierrr from a foreign Scientific Periem I
 do aot pretend to my that a deficiency of ehetiicky
 may aot occur in one part of the human bodi. ami
 an race** ia eoaie other part, for a time, awl (Lit
 this may aot be the cause of diswMe. and the re*to
 rs tioa of the equilibrium the core; 1 think this mo»i
 likely, and that it is upon this principle, in a great
 loeasote, that the wonderful etftcts of electr. -uwg
 netism, in the core of disease, are to be explaiord.
 It ia certain that, when our electrical machines an
 most actively productive, we all feel moat vieorotw
 Our nervous systems are then moat firm our diges
 tive organs most active; our minds most clear
ATHOL WATER CURE.
 rE Subscriber beys leave to cnil tie attention
 of Invalids, especially those suffering fron.
 chronic disease, to lus hydropathic establishment in
 Athol. Mass.
 His house was opened for the reception of patient*-
 last season, and it is believed offers excellent faciii-,
 ties for aphilosophic and thorough course in hydro
 pathv. The supply of water is abundant, ami in
 poritv has been pronounced equal to water on a
 distilled.” 1 he location is quite eligible, being bui
 a short distance from the V. fit M. railroad. Tl»r
 vicinity abounds iit a variety of scenery, and ha? i
 charming grounds for walks and rambles. So thru
 with the water, suitable regimen, mountain air, amt'
 exercise, patients can scarcely fail to obtain the
 healthful results for which they labor.
 The following case illustrates this rrmark. Mrs.
 8., wife of Dea. 8., of Warwick, Mass., aged 1
 about thirty-live years, was brought to me last
 August. Her case" presented the following pheno
 mena. if placed in an erect position, and left un
 supported, she forthwith fell backward to tin
 ground. If being well supported, she made an
 effort to walk, either foot, when carried forward,!
 despite her efforts to the contrary, would cross the i
 other. She had been in this condition nearly u
 year. Her treatment commenced il j 16th of Sejpt., 1
 and was continued to the 25th Oct. only, when she
 left, so far recovered as to be able to w alk hall n
 mile with ease. Since her return to her family, nhe
 has continued her baths, with corresponding im-,
 provement to her health. She now attends to he.
 domestic duties, and w-ith the assistance of a .small
 gill, does the work of her fa.nily.
 Patients are desired to bring three comfortables,
 one pair of woollen blankets, one pair of sheets,
 half a dozen towels marked, with old linen lor&lt;
 bandages.
 Terms, from five to ten dollars per w'eek, accord
 ing to the necessities or choice of the patients.
 Those who are less particular in the selection ol
 rooms, or are willing to occupy them in common
 with others, will be charged less.
 Athol, March, 1848. GEORGE HOYT.
 British Periodical Literature.
 The London Quarterly Review, the Edinburgh Review
 The North British Rentw, the Westminster Revitiv,
 and Blackwood's Edinburgh Magazine.
 THE wide-spread fame of these splendid periodi
 cals renders it needless to say much in their praise.
 As literary organs, they stand far in advance of
 auyli.ing of the sort now published, while the polit
 ical complexion of each is marked by a dignity,
 candor, and forbearance, not often found in works
 of a party character.
 They embrace the views of the three great parties
 in England—Tory, Whig, and Radical. Black
 wood and the Quarterly are Tory; the
 Edinburgh Review Whig; and the Westmin
 ster Review Radical. The North British Re
 view is more of a religions character, having heen
 originally edited by Dr. Chalmers, and now, since
 his death, being conducted by his son-in-law, Dr.
 Hanna, associated with Sir David Brewster. Its
 literary character is of the very highest order. The
 Westminster, though reprinted um:er that title only,
 is publiseed in England under the title of The For
 eign Quarterly and Westminster—it being in fact a
 union of the two Reviews formerly republished and
 repriuted under separate titles. It has, therefore,
 the advantage by this combination of uniting in one
 work the best features of both as heretofore issued.
 The above Periodicals are reprinted in New Y'ork,
 immediately on their arrival by the British steamers,
 in a beautiful clear type, on fine white paper, and
 are faithful copies of the originals, Blackwood’s
 Magazine, being an exact facsimile of die Edinburgh
 edition.
 PRICEB FOR 1849, (if SUBSCRIBED FOR EARLY.)
 For any one of the four Reviews, #3 00 per annum.
 For any two do 5 00
 For any three do 7 00
 For all four of the Reviews, 8 00
 For Blackwood’s Magazine, 3 00
 For Blackwood and the 3 Reviews, 9 00
 For Blackwood the 4 Reviews, 10 00
 Payments to be made in all cases in advance
 CLUBBING.
 Four copies of any or all the alxive works will b
 sent to one address on payment of the regular sub
 scription for three—the fourth copy being gratis.
 EARLY COPIES.
 A late arrangement with the British publishers of'
 Blackwood’s Magazine secures to us early sheets of
 that work, by which we shall be able to place the
 entire number in the hands of subscribers before any 1
 portion of it can be reprinted in any of the American
 Journals. For this and other advantages secured to
 our subscribers we pay so large a consideration, that
 we may be compelled "to raise the price of the Maga
 zine. Therefore we repeat “subscribe early while
 the price is low.
 Remittances and communications should be always
 addressed, po9t-paid or franked, to the publishers,'
 LEONARD SCOTT CO.
 70 Fulton street, New York.
 A*yluin for the Sick who have been con
 fired to their beds from 1 to ‘-it) years.
 DR. HAMILTON’S Hydropathic and Anyalytic
 Asylum, No 217 Exchange Street, opposite the
 Orphan Asylum, Rochester, N.Y. This Institution
 is now firmly established and in successful opera
 tion. The proprietor analyzes every diseat e hat is
 admitted there, and applies the natural and appro
 priate remedy. Although water is used in every way
 that is applied in any water-cure establishment m
 the United States, yet the proprietor wishes it to lie
 expressly understood that it is not relied on as the only
 or principal lemedy in the treatment of disease sub
 mitted to bis care.
 This Establishment is designed for that of
 invalids who have failed to obtain their health by all
 other systems &lt;*f practice, and are still unable to
 walk or stand on tbeir feet, and are confined to their
 beds, wearing out a life of misery and suffering with
 out any hope of ever being any better.
 The remedies made use of in this Institution not
 only entirely remove disease but give increased
 strength and elasticity to the system. Many have
 beeu brought here from different parts of tlie coun
 try, who had neither walked or borne tbeir weight
 on their feet from five to fifteen years; and «ome
 who liave been unable to dress or undress, or even
 to feed themselves, and in the course of a few week*
 w'on It I be walking with the elasticity of voulh and
 the quickness of a pedestrian, astonished at them
 selves, and surprising their friends and all who saw
 tJiein when they first came. The treatment of this
 Institution is particularly calculated to remove the
 diseases peculiar to females, such as
 Ist. Tne falling of the Womb, in all its stages
 and conditions in patients, from twelve years of age
 up to sixty, and even if they have been confined to
 their beds from one to twenty, unable to stand, walk,
 dress, or undress themselves, or even too feeble to
 bear any noise or speak aloud.
 2d. Weakness and Falling of the Bowels; Bain
 in the Side, Mhuulders, Back and Head* Wpmal
 Diseases, Liver Complaints, Sinking Sensation at
 the Stomach, Palpitation ol the Heart, Dyspepsia
 in all its forms and stages, Piles, Costiveness, Di
 arrhoea, Suppression of the Menses, Excessive
 Menstruation, Whites, all Nervous Diseases, Cold
 Feet and lands, St. Anthony’s Dance, Tetters of
 all kinds, Salt Rheum, in its wont forms, rural
 «ia, Tic Douloureux, Rheumatism, Conaumptiod in
 its fast stages, General Weakness and Debility.
 The proprietor has given bis whole a item ion to
 the above diseases for the last t en years, and turn
 treated them in an entirely different way from any
 other private practice or public Institution in this
 country; ‘and sack has been bis success, and so cer
 tain are lus remedies in their effects on those dis
 eases, that instead of publishing a long list of cer
 tified cures, he wishes to give that class of mralids
 -treking to obtain their health a sufficient guarantee
 apaiast any false pretensions, exaggeration, unno
 or deception, so that no one need he to an*
 expeaseinthi* Institution without being benefited
 Tne proprietor will enter into a special conttsr.
 with any one who wishes to do so, that he will ad
 I ml Motion, to aavuaee urn annoy wwd
 pay sll the expenses from any part of the United
 Bb-les here and back home again, before he c«un.
 mences the treatment,and give a bond to hoard them,
 togethet with his professional service*, for nothing,
 if ha dues not help them accurding to contract. Any
 one thinking the above proposition not a «utb« win
 guarantee against mi»iepieaesU'&lt;oas and expense
 without receiving equal benefit, tan fat the proiwie
 tor know what wil. be mliafactory, and it shall fa
 duty co sidered.
 This Institution has grown up from private prsc
 Uos by the inineaee of those who hsv« been helper
 here, es nothing has ever been published before
 and the proprietor kmwum that it sh-M snstain itsel
 by its own merits, or pay the eapenss ol those win
 choose to ess he e eunt-aet in esse of failwe Tfa
 design of this Circular is net to muhe known tin
 cures that hor« bees made in fats insutwum, Lev sue
lhrT ».e bettered; t»rt to let it to
 extensively iftr ibe pcn/f Miffcnng io*»hd,
 *t*ut httirtmh of dollars in trying *i|
 wwr m yftfttotN*, and w about innrh' or B
 »«ill n in*Mi cuefiurd i«» tberr U4i from
 ,ho
 from a*v other one the
 U, 7’ Ami k J-nkularK adapted to ihrir
 &gt;t c«, Urn. nothin, onle"
 tber iff to* term fly benefited.
 from the nature trraimen, .fi,. In*itw, or
 tlw n wither of r tiro,, h um he I, mi ted, there fineihe
 proprietor doe# nut wdic.t the patronageof ,(„fc. ,7\
 liiiiinnnr fuses which mar he cjurdy helped r~
 system* of practice; nor dee* faer
 come. tmles* they wi*h to get well a »H 7T
 to he m*fe well enough to walk
 m.le* at a nme, nod follow it op
 •ucrr*»ion; awl al*o witting tolr nco&gt; q.. v ,n
 dore n* much labor ami fatigue a .s ns to 7*
 that cal! thenwlve* well, a* he menu* th. a
 Ooe that goes through a tlmroagh course lr l
oUtic Institution shall -how I*
 created Mien.,!., elasticity ~f m..t,on, hr:w'‘%
 texture, capnbdity endurance.
 health, that tin* treatment in tin* I.mitutwn isfojy
 ed on the natural laws &lt;&gt;f orgnmied m tier a *i
 ronocquently it* superiority orer even nIJ.
 ferent system f prart ce.
 All communications addressed to Dr Tlinu.a
 HAMILTON, Rochester, ,*,l P a,d, will
 immetb.ue attention. It requested, reference wi’l
 be made to those who have beca helpod j„ t hi, j rr
 tution and also good rrfrmirer as to responsibility*
 orthe proprietor to meet the .-dove expense* u
 required 1
hart’s »etiHatit hxtran
 ,s the only remedy that tan he relfed on for the
 permanent cure of Spasmodic Contraction* Irrit i
 turn of the Nerves, Nervww or S,&lt;k Headache
 Nervous Tremors. Neuralgic Affe, lica n
 Debthty, Ih-ficen, v of Neri,.„ l!It hwo| E
 and all Nerrotrs Dtsor.Wrs t! ,e mo*t
 .hreadful of all dt« nes that .a ,i&gt;. l iuman rarr _
 Ep,!rp*y, or J g Shi.. -Hy'teriea, Fit-,
 Convulsions, Spasm?, &amp;e It, vveli known, that
 from tune immeinonal, I’hy irons have pronounced
 Epileptic f its tut ttrabir. If In* n |j
 skill, and the Isjxsted (toner of all medieine. ar,l
 consequently tliou .aihls have utiem! through a H
 erahleexistence, and at la«t yielded up thc, r lj Ve un
 the Altar of /„omtv -The proprietor of the Vcgn
 able Extract, houen i. 1&lt; «T in&gt; dehear\ m gavni'&gt;
 that it ean he cured, lie would, therefore, reape,
 fully invite phvsiciaits, and all others who are inter
 estetl, to exaiuiiM' the testirnoiii, which is here offered.
 If it is deception, let it l*‘ exposed but if ,t is
 true, then in tin* name of humanity, no longer let it
 be said that Epilepsy is incurable.
 Heart's Vegetable K&gt;tract —For sixteen years
 has bi-en tested by many persons who have suffered
 with this dreadful disease, and in every ease where
 it has had a fair trial, ha*- efteeted a |vnnan«nt
 cure.
 Col. Dens low of Yonkers, New Ynk, states that
 his daughter lias lieeit aUlicted with Fits for more,
 than nine years, and has been cured by the use of
 the Vegetable Extract.
 Mrs. J. Hratley, 115 Orchard street, New York,
 states that she has lieeit subject to Fits for many
 years, anti has lieen restored to perfe t lienlth (after
 every other means had failed) by the use of the.
 Vegetable Extract.
 Dr. Charles A. Brown, of Dover, Russel) cn.
 Alabama, who is one ot the liest Physicians in the
 State, says that he has lieeit much lienctitted by the
 use ot the Vegetable Extract, and that he unhesitat
 ingly prescrilx s it in every ease of Epilepsy which
 comes under his knowledge.
 Curtis G. Mayberry, Esq., formerly Postmaster
 at Lime Mills, Crawford Co., Pa., now living in
 Erie Co., Pa., states that tor many y*ars past be
 has been sorely afflicted with Fits, and lie is now
 happy to state that a |&gt;ersevcring use of Dr. Hart’s
 Vegetable Extract, has restored him to sound health,
 being entirely freed from that worst of all disease*.
 Judge Randall, N. 156 Henry street, New York,
 having used the Vegetable Extract successfully in
 his family, highly recommends it to all persons who
 are afflicted with Fits.
 M. Stephen E. Pratt, corner of Sixth Avenue
 ami Twenty-Sixth street, New York, states that
 Mr. Chas, 11. Houghton, a member of his family has
 been so severely afflicted with Epileptic Fits for
 many years, that he was obliged to relinquish his
 business. Having used Dr. Hart’s Vegetable Ex
 tract (says Mr. Pratt,) lie was soon restored to
 |ierfect health, and left this city for the State oi
 Ohio to resume his business.
 Rev- Mr. Smith, Rector of St. Peters Clutrcn,
 Spots wood, New Jersey, who has lieen afflicted
 w ith Epileptic Fits for more than forty t ears, states
 that lie ha« used Dr. Hart’s Vegetable Extract, and
 bis health has been so much improved that he hopej
 by Divine blessing, to have no more Fits.
 Epileptic Fits —For twenty-seven years ami six
 months, cured by the u.-e of this truly wonderful
 medicine.
 Read tlie follow ing rcmnrkahle ease of the son of
 Wm. Secore, Esq, of Philadelphia, afflicted with
 Epileptic Fits twenty-seven years and six months
 After travelling through England, Scotland, &lt;ier
 many and France, consulting the most eminent
 physicians, and exjiending for medicine, medical
 treatment and advice three thousand dollars, returned
 witli Ids son to this country in November last, w ab
 out receiving any benefit whatever, and was cured
 by using Hart's Vegetable E.rtract.— l have qsait
 over three thousand dollars for me icine and medical
 attendance. I was advised to take a tour to Eu
 rope with him which I did. I first viiited England
 I consulted the most eminent physicians there in
 respect to his case; they examined him and prescri
 bed accordingly. 1 remained there, three men bs
 without perceiving any change for the better, which
 cost me about two bundled and fifty dollars, (rock
 eted by the physicians, and the most dial 1 received
 was their opinion that my son case was horeles*
 and POSITIVELY INCURABLE. 1 accordingly
 left England travelled through Scotland, Germany
 and France, and returned home in the month of
 November last, w ith my son as far from being cured
 as when 1 left, I saw your advertisement intone of
 the New York papers, and concluded to try Hurt’*
 Vegetable Extract, seeing yonr statement* and
 certificate.! of so many cure's some of twenty and
 thirty years standing, and 1 can a«snr»- von I run not
 sorry I did so, as by tire use of IfartN Vegetable
 Extract alone he writ restored to PERFECT
 HEALTH. His reason, which was &gt;o far gone as to
 unfit him for business is entirely restored, with the
 prospect now lielore him of hie, health and useful
 ne*s. He is now 28 year- of age, and 27 year* »i
 months of this time has been afflicted w ith this
 j most dreadful of disease*, but thank God n now
 enjoying good health.
 Now, air, faith without wi.tks 1 don’t lieheve
 in. To say 1 shall be ever gialeful to you is one
 thing, and as I liere enclo-e you one hundred dohar*,
 I liave no doubt but you w ill think this another and
 quite a different thing. 'The debt of gratitude 1 -till
 owe yon; but plea e accept tin .mount as miere t
 j on thi* debt in advance.
 Your*, very respectfully,
 (&gt;igne.l) WILLIAM SKCORF-.
TESTIMONY I TON TESTIMONY,
 lu ri-Icrfinc t&lt;» tlte almost miraculiiiM efficacy of
 llii* truly numlrrful medicine, rrmj ih»- fbiiotiw&lt;
 lett#*r from 1 &gt;r. W. 1.. Mourn#*, of Om/for (him,
 onr of the most eminent pin.n un, m tltstt pi.-trr
 O milord, Ohio, A •H'ltAt 17, I
 Brotlter hhofnr ia th** c-uij of humanity—
 oir: It with no ,mall drgro; of piea'Ure that I
 ant eiKtbkd to winoumt* to you the complete mump*
 of your invaluable medicine in ra*e» of £ptJep*v. I
 here preaerilvd it in tour instance, to tin# vwiiuty,
 and il la# tjrtn bi|(itly turt rwitil &gt;u a/I. I in *e o
 t|»#? patient*, I tru*t, have fa-c/i radically cared.
 Tli** fourth one rapidly improving, an*/ mil, I
 think without doubt rwittf. I -*iu not im tne btdnl
 of prescribing or recommending t medicine*,
 (ait when I an article ulncb proim-e# »&lt;i tench
 lor lb#* relief of itufh-iin? humanity, 1 feel imj duly
 U&gt; recommend it, ami I hat*- no it#**t taunt in
 ing that a# soon a*-the taruliy «r« tuiiy acquaint**!
 with the real merit ol you# uasitcna*-, they »th
 clou#; their rjer against prejudice ami hod you a
 helping hand.
 I msbacribe myself your*, wncereK,
 (Signed] W 1.. MONkOE, M. D
 To L&gt;r. -S. Hart, New York.
 THE TIME IS NOT EAR DISTANT
 When ibouMtnd* w tn&gt; are now treuibhag ,JJ *V-r
 die hand of this dreadful dnarao and fearing t*-
 every attark may prove fatal, will find perwaawt
 relief ami lie restored to net* life, by a* mg lfcl
 celebrated medicine.
 OVER ONE TilOL’fftAND CEK'I U If.ATrb
 Have Le&lt; received in testimony of the IVoefcna
 result produce*! In tiie ttu ol I *r. Hart *IT
 ble Extract.
 IfT Preparedly S. HART, M D
 Price, one package
 l&gt;o four package,
 l*o eight package#
 89“ It is carefully parlud up tu I**"
 portatiou, and neial t» any t**i* •A*’
 State*, Tfui, \|euc&lt; ami Met Mr* r
 lIIOMAh J»U-v 1 a
 ciuualt, Ohio, fieueral Again tor
 .Stale*, to whom all in—— ralm—
 (irutwtl Po»t Paul- *,i
 A. B&lt;tD. S and. C orner of Eafcaa #*d 1
 New Yo#k.
 11. I* Made, Maui J, St Pa.. K -hr wi.
 K. Ilollidge, 217 M int »ure# Huflalu,
 H. k E. fiatk*d, Agent, lor I lr»etu#««
 I’av It KtUbowrne, t utuaU/i,
 J O hti. II Hill, DellOlt. Malt./al.
 NV HI C wMinghaiu. Mdlaaukie M.»
 J. K Heed, and C t*., i h»&lt; Ih
 Dart T Mmuii. Ihduapm lowa
 H Bfackafa* .od U.. Si U#u. H
 And fur Safa by u»&lt;a( I ifc# ptra# i— V'W
 ihreueltont the l rutad State*
 THOMAS MILLS M» IBs
 Say# tt «lf t ta#iwaatt *4
