Fore if n of the Heck.
 The Niagara arrived al New York oo Fri
 day last, and bring* later intelligence from
 Europe
 Knolano. —There to oo news of importance
 fn*m Britain. If we mar judge f»om the
 newspapers, the chief topics of interest are,
 ihc Queen and the cholera. The former,
 having concluded her vinl to her Irish sub
 lets, has gone, with Prince Albert and her
 family, to rusticate and romp a while, free
 from ktate cares and state etiquette, amongst
 the hills and mists of Scotland. The latter
 still lingers about Ixmdon, and takes many
 subjects fiom the sovereignty of the Queen of
 F.ngland to the dominion of the King of Ter
 ror* The official record »huws a continued
 increase of mortality. In the Ixindon Dis
 tricts, embracing a population of rather more
 than ‘2,000,000. the deaths ftom all diseases
 have risen, since the last week, from 1,909 to
 9,230, and the death* from cholera from 823
 to 1,230. At F.ivcrpool and other large cities
 the mortality is al.no on the increase. Com
 mercially, the present is a season of prospe
 rity in England. The price of wheat and
 other first necessaries of life, has for some
 months been moderate; and a plentiful harvest
 it now' being gathered in, which promise* the
 continuance of Ihe same satisfactoiy state ot
 the market fur the laboring classes in England.
 At the same time, the manufacturing districts
 send reports of unusual activity. This, in some
 measure, accounts for the absence of poluical
 intelligence. Agitation of any kind laroly
 prospers m England while there is abundance
 of employment for the workman, and he can
 live tolerably well ou the produce of his labor.
 Hungry and idle men are dangerous elements
 in any community; more especially are they
 dangerous in such a country as England,
 where so much of their small earnings is so
 palpably squandered away uselessly by an ex
 travagant and insatiable aristocracy. But in
 the midst of the present prosperity it is grati
 fying to see that agitation is not wholly
 asleep. A very large meeting of the Metro
 politan Parliamentary and Financial Reform
 Association has been held in the Drury Lane
 Theatre, which was crowded to the ceiling
 The theatre is a very large building capable
 of accommodating at least 4000 persons.
 Amongst the speakers were Lord Nugent,
 Lord Dudley|Stuart, George Thompson, Esq.,
 and a boat of others whose names are well
 known in the ranks of reform.
 The report of the Council was read by
 Georoe Thompson, Esq. In this report the
 reforms advocated by the Association are
 given. They are:
 1, Such an extension of the franchise as
 will give to every male occupier of a tenement,
 or any poition of a tenement, for which he
 shall be rated, or sha I have claimed to be
 rated, to the relief of the poor, the right to
 be registered as an elector. 2. The adoption
 of the system of voting by ballot. 3. The
 limitation ol the duration of parliaments to
 three years. 4. Such a change in the arrange
 ment of the electoral districts as shall pro
 duce a more equal apportionment of represen
 tatres to constiteenis. 5. The abolition ol
 the properly qualification for members of
 parliament.
 This movement, it is easy to predict,is des
 tined to be one of importance, and will ere
 many years passover, after the example of the
 Corn Law League, sweep dow n all the bar
 i ers to its progress. The chief question
 aised is of course the extension of the suf
 rage. This will be the entering wedge for
 II other needful reforms. The piesent law
 as most of our readers are aware, requires that
 one should vote for Members of Parliament
 but those who occupy dwellings rented at £*lo
 a year or upwards. The proposal of the
 Refoim Association when carried into effect,
 will greatly change iliis. It is liable to one
 very serious objection, however, that is, that
 while it would admit the most ignorant of
 those who are now non-electors, and who are
 moreover, most liable to be influenced by
 intimidation and sell-interest namely, the
 agricultural laboieia, it would exclude the
 majority of the young and intelligent olerks
 and mechanics in ihe latge cities, very tew of
 whom are ho use holders. This portion of the
 proposed reform, will probably be modified
 into the simple principle of complete suffrage,
 with certain necessary provisions against the
 admission to the polls of lunatics and crimi
 nals. Lsrge meetings in favor of parliamenta
 ry reform have been held in many of the pro
 vincial towns. Henry Vincent is the chief
 agitator.
 Meetings sympathising with the Hungar
 ians, in their struggle for liberty, have
 been of frequent occurrence. The tone
 of the speakers as well as of the meetings is
 generally for acknowledging, the independence
 of Hungary, and for war with Russia.
 The Peace Congress was expected to com
 mence it* sittings in Paris on the 22d. ult.
 Most of the principal cities and towns in Eng
 land and Scotland send representatives. Seve
 ral members of Parliament, among whom are
 Messrs. Cobden, Geo. Thompson, and C.
 Villieis, have expressed their intention of be
 ing present, and among other well known
 public men who are mentioned as represen
 tatives, we see the name* of Joseph Sm r ge,
 Douglas Jeirold, Geo. Dawson, Edw. Miall,
 2kc. The French government, through Mr
 Dufaure minister of the interior, have expres
 *ed their approval of the demonstration. M.
 Dufaure'* letter says y
 “(Gentlemen, —Conformably with the verbal
 explanations which you have done me the
 honor of making to me, and with the written
 request which you addressed to me on the
 21st of July, 1 authorise the assembling of
 the Pesce Congress in Pans during the month
 of August. The object which this (Congress
 ha* in view is too philanthropic for me to re
 fuse to give my consent. Beside*, the names
 of the members who form part of the com
 juitiee of organisation give me an addiltou.il
 guarantee that the Congress will confine it
 self within the limit* of us programme, and
 will not permit any infraction of order or of
 the laws."
 Amongst the American delegates who had
 arrived in London, we see the names of ihe
 Hon. Amos Tuck, Hon. J. R. (ridding*,
 Rev Wm. Allen. We have been interested
 to learn, (says the iamdon Inquirer) that
 Mr. William Hotch,of New Bedford, United
 States, an early and steadlast supporter of
 Noah W orcesU r, mi hi* peace efforts, a truly
 venerable friend ot peace, now nearly ninety
 years of age, ha* sent out a beautiful prim
 of that Pioneer of the peace movement, for
 •adi member of the Pari* Congress, one
 thousand copies in all, the uuiubei which a
 member of the London Peace Committee
 recently in town, supposed would be found at
 fans as delegates, it was a happy as well
 a
as genetoua thought, to tend these ptirta to
 the Congress.
 Francs. There is nothing of importance
 fmm France. It is thought that a ministry
 with Count Mole at its head, will be the re
 sult of the fall of Hungary. It is expected
 that the bait held out to the President, by
 Austria and Russia, in the shape of a mar
 riage with Princess Aogutta of Wurtemberg
 will now be eagerly siexed. W hat an alliance
 for the chief magistrate of a republic! Briel
 accounts are gtveo of the first meeting of the
 Peace Congress About 1,500 persona were
 present The celebrated M. Victor Hugo ir
 the chair. Flags of all nations adorned the
 Hall. The star* and stripes of the U. S'
 floated aide by aide with the tri-colore ol
 France and the English union-jack. Mr.
 Cobden and his party were received with ap
 plause, and the American delegates were
 saluted with enthusiastic cheers. M. Victor
 Hugo’s opening speech is described as an ex
 quisite piece of composition, and replete with
 the most benevolent sentiment. It is said
 that the French Government have forbidden
 any allusions being made in the speeches to
 passing politics.
 Hungary. The intelligence from Hunga
 ry is of the most disastrous kind. The
 Hungarians have been totally defeated and
 have been forced to lay down their arms and
 submit unconditionally to the Russian forces.
 The Moniteur du Soir of Paris thus gives the
 intelligence, in a notice from the Minister ol
 I*ranee in Berlin, to the Minister of Foreign
 Affaire.
 Count Beckendorf, Aid-de-Camp to the
 Emperor of Russia, arrived from Warsaw
 last night, charged to announce to the King
 of Pi ussia the conclusion of the war in Hunga
 ry. Gorgey having become dictator by the
 departure of Kossuth, submitted with his en
 ure army to Marshall Paakiewitch at Arad, on
 the 13th of August. —The corps of General
 Bern had been destroyed by Gen. Ludeis.
 The Kuryer Warezwski of Aug. 18, pub
 lisher the following bulletin from Gen. Pas
 kiewiitch to the Emperor of Russia;
 “Hungary is at the feet of your Imperial
 Majesty. The Government of the insurgents
 has renounced its powers, and Gorgey has
 assumed them. Gorgey lays down his arms
 without condition, with the principal army of
 the insurgents, and doubtless the other insur
 gent corps will follow his example. The
 officers sent by him to negotiate the capitula
 tion have shown themselves disposed to re
 pair to the other corps with our commission
 ers and the Austrian ones for inducing them
 to lay down their arms. 1 have the honor to
 announce to your Imperial Majesty that the
 sole condition stipulated by Gorgey is that he
 may be enabled to lay down his arms before
 the army of your Imperial Majesty. 1 have
 taken the necessary measures that the troops
 be surrounded on all sides by the corps of
 Gen. Rudiger, whom I shall likewise order
 to proceed to disarming. In w hat concerns
 the ulterior disposal of the prisoners, and the
 measures to be taken with respect to the other
 insurgent corps, I shall act in concert with the
 commander iu-chief of the Austrian army. 1
 have caused Gorgey to be brought to my head
 quarters, where he will remain until the or
 ders of your Imperial Majesty shall arrive
 respecting him.”
 The latest accounts respecting Kossuth and
 the other Hungarian leadors, are, that they
 had fled into Wallachia. Lord Westmorland,
 the British ambassador at Berlin had arrived
 at Dover. Various surmises are afloat as to
 the object of his visit. An impression pre
 vails that it is connected with the surrender of
 Gorgey.
 The overthrow of the brave Magyars,
 though sufficiently melancholy cannot be said
 to have been unexpected by any who.have
 calmly weighed the prospects of the contend
 ing! parties, during the progress of the war.
 \	 times some signal success of the Hunga
 rians encouraged a hope, that notwithstand
 ing their very inferior numbers and resources,
 the justice of their cauae, or some unexpected
 turn m the politics of Europe, might at least
 save them from complete and final defeat. But
 that they were gradually losing ground, and
 beooming less and less effective in their ef
 forts, has been for some past abundantly
 apparent. The result is lamentable. We can
 only sympathise with the vanquished, and
 express a belief that Liberty is not even yet
 dead in Europe; and that although the Czar
 and his Cossacks may for a time retard, they
 cannot prevent the final triumph of free opin
 ions not only in Hungary but in Russia and
 Siberia.
 A terrible illustration of the fearful ravages
 of war, is given by the ruin which has over
 taken many of the Batska towns. Some of
 them have even ceased to be and where the
 fugitive inhabitants are to find shelter, on
 their return, is beyond conjecture. Therei
 osopel, Zombar, and Baya, are said to be now
 mere names. Before the invasion of Jel
 lachich, the first of these had a population of
 30,000; while Zombar had 19,000, and Bava
 12,000 inhabitants.
 The superior importance of the Hungarian
 news puts into the shade all the foreign in
 telligence and the papers do not give any
 thing worth noting respecting the other coun
 tries of Europe.— j. n.
First ot August in Columbus.
 The New Concord Free Press publishes
 the toasts, given at the celebration at Colum
 bus, which it appears were handed to tbe pa
 pers of that city for publication, but did not
 gain admittance. Amongst them were the
 following:
 The Ist of August, 1838, the day we com
 memorate.—lt broke the chains of 800,000*
 human brings, and changed their condition,
 from that of brutes, to that of freemen.
 The friends of emancipation—May they in
 crease North and South, as the fioge of
 Egypt, and so plag ue the Slave-holders, as
 to compel them to lei ihe oppressed go free.
 l al he Ame ?c*n Slay* Trade as carried on
 a e al Government—lt is
 n IT ;V? Unr,y «he Union,
 owh reav
 The Mexican War-it was a Slave-holdinir
 scheme, perpetrated to strengthen the
 of the Slave power, and extend the area ot
 “Despotism.”
 Liberty—the superlative of earthly bles
 sings, ceasing to be the property of the few
 may she shed her benign influence over all.
 J. K. (ridding* and others who contend for
 the colored mans'* rights—let us love and
 honor them.
 The Colored people of this age— Msy they
 evince an appreciation of laberty, challeng
 ing a conparison with past, and worthy tbe
 imitation of future generations.
 Nathaniel Turner, Cioques, and Madison
 Washington—They were great and mighty
 men men competent to lead the oppressed to
 Liberty lei us perpetuate their memory.
 Slsveboiding Christians—legitimate heirs
 and faithful comisaanea of Satan, let him take
 care of them.
How mock have thoee evils tjrei have never
 happened cost us.
Communications.
BrrrALo, Aug. 13th, 1819.
 Frederick Douglas*:—As one of the
 Committee of Arrangements of the first of
 August Celebration, at Buffalo, you wilt con
 fer a favor by allowing me through your
 columns, to call attention to the following ex
 tract from an Editorial in the Impartial Git
 sen of the Bth inst. After speaking of the
 peaceable mad orderly manner in which the
 BmU at Auburn patted off, the magnanimous
 Editor adds as follows:
 “It u due to our friend, J. W. Quincy,
 and others of the Committee of Arrangements,
 j that they exhibited a more—a much more lib
 eral disposition than did tbe Buffalo Conven
 tion.—The latter refused to pay H. H.
 Garnet a single red cent over and above his
 travelling expenses, for his services as Orator.
 They however went to great expense for
 printing, paying largely to printers, but ask
 ing tpeakere to woik for nothing. The Au
 burn Committee were as willing to pay speak
 ers as printers.—We preferred not to say
 j anything about this before the Celebration.
 lest we should be regarded as desiring to
 disparage the Buffalo meeting, or to show
 partiality betwixt them. —We had no personal
 reason to do so. As a printer both committees
 treated us alike. Bnt as a speaker, the one
 wanted ua for nothing, and the other offered
 compensation. Our object in mentioning this
 difference between the two committees, is, to
 call attention to the fact that just here lies
 the secret of the poverty and embarrassment
 of our public men; in the unwillingness ol 1
 some to compensate them for their labors.
 We penned a line to Mr. G. Weir on this!
 subject, but to no avail. We doubt, however, l
 whether they asked Mr. Beman to come
 from New Haven, simply for his travelling;
 expenses. If they did they are more un
 reasonable than they suppose they are.
 When will black men learn to pay their
 own laborers as liberally as they pay white
 men —May the Buffalo folks improve in this
 matter.”
 Now we certainly have no objection to the
 Rev. Editor’s exposing himself to the world,
 through bis misnamed paper, providing he
 would make, an impartial statement of the
 facts in the case and not endeavour, through
 cunning and craft to present the Buffalo Com
 mittee in an unfavorable light before the pub-;
 lie; for the most casual reader will readily j
 observe that the gratuitous article while it
 claims sympathy for us on the one hand, is in-;
 tended upon the other hand to reflect discredit
 and disparagement upon our efforts.
 “Away with such disguised sympathy.”
 Some time in the month of January last the
 Committee at Buffalo addressed a letter to
 the Rev. S. R. Ward, inviting him to Buf
 falo as one of the Orators for the first of
 August, and requesting him .to state upon
 what terms he would come, &amp;c. to which
 letter he replied by referring us to the Can
 andaigua Celebration held some two years
 previous, leaving us to judge from that, what j
 his terms would be; &amp;c., to which letier the
 Committee responded by telling him that j
 they could not take the Canandaigua celebra
 for their criterion; but that they would
 pay his traveling expenses to Buffalo and
 back again; and pay all expenses that might
 be incurred by him during his stay in our|
 city. To this ’letter Mr. Ward replied as fol-j
 lows:
 Syracuse, March 2, 1849.
 G.*&lt;Veir, Jr., Dear Sir :—I am disposed
 to say that for ought I now see, it is probable
 that I will comply with the request of your
 fellow citizens in respect to the first of August
 next, on the terms you propose. Should any
 thing occur so to change the minds of the
 Committee as that they will not need me, 1
 you will please let me know by the first of
 May, so that l may be free to engage myself
 elsewhere. Your obedt. Servant,
 S. R. WARD.
 From this letter the Committee, aa a matter
 of course, enrolled the name of Mr. Ward,
 as one of their speakers. Subsequent to this,
 however, the Committee received a letter from
 him stating that owing to business matters
 &amp;c., he should be obliged to dcclinejseiv
 ing us at Buffalo on the first of August upon
 the terms intimated in a former letter stat
 ing that if he did, he should embarrass his
 business, Sic.
 The Committee not wishing by any means
 to embarrass Mr. Ward in his business or
 other engagements, immediately wrote him a
 letter releasing him from his obligation, which,
 of course they supposed was all that he asked.
 But it seems that he has now taken a public
 opportunity of thrusting the javelin at them,
 and all because they would not consent to
 give him twenty-five dollars, together with hit
 raveling expenses, for making a first of Au
 gust speech. In the article above, he freely
 makes use of the name of Mr. Garnet and
 says that we would not agree to give him a
 single red cent over and above his expenses.
 Whether Mr. Garnet authorized this assertion
 on the part of Mr. Ward or not, we do not'
 know. But this we do know as Mr.
 Ward has assumed to mention his name, that!
 both of the gentlemen in our opinion have
 entirely disregarded the true principles of
 genuine greatness for they both agreed to
 come to Buffalo, and both backed out. As to
 Mr. Garnet, the published proceedings of
 our meeting will show in what estimation
 we hold him. Because we did not see fit to
 pay him Jorty dollars, he refused to come,
 even after assuring us by his letters that he
 would come, God being willing. Hid Mr.
 Garnet not said positively that he would be
 here, we never should have used his name on
 our Bills, —and consequently we should have
 got rid of paying the printer for that job.
 And as Mr. Ward seems disposed to find
 fault with our paying laigely to printers,
 we will assure him that bis friend whose
 name he uses with such emotionsof pity has
 been the means of incurring a portion of the
 expenses; and secondly, we inform bim|thai
 we do not know that it is any of his or any
 person’s business what we pay for printing,
 or what we do not. We*paid him aceoiding
 to his request in advance for ooe notice in hi*
 paper and that we believe is *ll that should
 concern him, especially when the editorial
 Sic., which he promised us in relation to our
 Celebratioo, haa never appeared. The twenty
 five dollars bonus was not found forthcom
 ing, neither was.the editorial, although be had
 promised it. Alas, what an effect the Ahrugh
 ty Dollar will have We are sorry to see it
 so in this ease. It betrays a want of interest
 and feeling, upoo the pan of the wonhy
 editor, much to be lamented. We exhort
 him to repentance. He seems to be wonder
 fully concerned about tbe terms upon which
 Mr. Beman came to Buffalo. We simply re
 mark upon this point, that whether he
 believes that Mr. Beman came simply for his
traveling expenses or not, is nutter of ia
 differeoce to os. Mr. Beman has a soul too
 big with pilanthropy, and boa (oo moch in
 terest in the welfare of Mending humanity, to
 make and cents a standard. Pore phil
 anthropy pium pis him to act toe; and his letter
 to tbe Buffalo Committee will ever be borne
 to mind with the moet pleasing recollection.
 Wr.uld that we could say as much for tbe
 letters of Mr. Ward and Mr. Garnet. That
 J. W. Quincy and tbe Auburn Committee
 possessed a great deal of liberality and mag
 naomity we do not hesitate to believe. But
 be that as it may, our friend Ward possessing
 as Utile a* be does, should certainly not un
 dertake to draw a contrast between them and
 tbe Buffalo committee. The Buffalo committee
 are responsible for their acts, and when they
 wish tutoring in regard to their duty, they
 will call upon some candid man and not one
 who assumes to have so much sympathy with
 us that he would not apeak of us at the Au
 burn celebration, and at the same time
 would publish us to tbe world through tbe
 column* of his paper. He closes up his
 article by inquiring When will black men
 learn to pay their own laborers as liberally as
 they pay white men 1 die.—using the very
 language which were a white man to use, he
 would be quick to condemn. We admit that
 the Buffalo folks have need for improvement
 in many matters; but we fear that if they
 wait for certain (Rrr. Editors to set the ex
 ample, unless money can purchase it, they
 they will wait in vain.
 Yours for truth and justice,
 GEORGE WEIR, Jr.
Trial of Slaves. —Four more of the
 slave* who lately escaped from Charleston,
 S. C., work-house, have Ween convicted and
 the following is the sentence
 “Each of the prisoners to be placed in
 solitary confinement m tbe jail for six months,
 to receive fifteen lashes each month in the
 workhouse, and at the expiration of this time,
 to be placed in solitary confinement for five
 years, unless sooner sold out of the State by
 their owners.
Receipts
 For tbe North Star, from thr date of laxt nrknrm--
 to Sept. 12, 1849.
 Western New York A. S. Society don 9 40,00
 H. Thoms*, West Exeter, N Y 1,00
 Robert B. Foraon, Borodino, N Y 1,00
 Iraac Reynolds, Palmyra, N Y 1,00
 Mary Ann Woodward 2,00
 Orrin Lapliam, Macedon, N Y 2,00
 Orrin Prestor, Victor, N Y 2,00
 Calvin Campbell. East Henrietta 1,00
 H. P. V, Hill, Riwhviile 1,00
 J. R. Many an i, Schagticoke 1,00
 John Petrie, Webster, Maas. 1,00
 Cavie Richardson, Pittsford 2,00
 A Idle L. Brigden, Wellington, Ohio 2,00
 Titus Haight, F.lliaton 2,00
 Peter Christianson, Philadelphia. Pa. 2,00
 J. Wilson, Pelham, C. \V. 2,00
 Seneca Tracy, Middlefield, Ohio 2,00
 Charles Joiner 2,00
 John E. Robinson 2,00
 G. H. Graham, Pittsburgh,Pa. 1,00
 L. P. Beebe, Concords Mich. 1,00
 H. W. Seymour, Seneca Falls 1,00
 John Carter, Ma 'isoti, Ind 2,00
 H W Johnson, Canandaigua 1,04
 George Coots, Savannah, Ohio 1,00
 J J Wallis, Massillon, Ohio 1,00
 Wm. Seavey, Victor 1,00
 J K Salmon, East Bloomfield 2,00
 C Kennan 2,00
 Samuel F Talcot 2,00
 Mrs. G F Munson 1,00
 Dr. Webster 2,00
 B Bradley 1,00
 Oliver Chapin don 5,00
 Jos !ah Secor, Newark 1,00
 Benzelow J Peet, Palmyra 1,00
 John Spooner, Marion 1,00
 J H Durfec 1,00
 Wm. Parkes 1,00
 John C. Clarke 1,00
 Wm. Spooner 1,00
 Isaac Carpenter, West Walworth 2,00
Notices.
AntUSlavery Lecture* and Fair*.
 Frederick Douglass will visit and lecture,
 and Fairs will be held, under the management
 of the Ladies of the W. N. Y. A. S. Society,
 at the following places in the course of next
 month—namely:
 West Walworth, lecture, Tuesd. Sep. 4th.
 Marion, Wednesd. sth.
 Palmyra, Thursd. 6th.
 Victor, Friday 7th.
 Fair, Saturday 6th.
 E. Bloomfield, Lecture, Sunday 9th.
 Fair, Monday 10th.
 Oswego, liccture, Thursday and Friday,
 Sept. 13th and 14th.
 Fulton Village, Lecture, Sunday and Mon
 day, 16tb and 17th.
 Mount Morris, Lecture, Thursday, 20th.
 Fair, Friday, 21st.
 Caledonia, Lecture, Sunday, 23d.
 Scottsville, Monday, 24th.
 Fair, Tuesday, 25th.
 Honeoye Falls, Lecture, Thursday, 27ih.
 Fair, Friday, 28th.
 Loekport, Lecture, Tbuisday, Oct. sth.
 Fair, Friday, 6th.
 N.B. The Lecture at each of the above
 named places will commence at 7 f.m. pre
 cisely, unless some other hour is named in a
 uture notice.
An Appeal In behalf of the Western
 New York Asti-Slavery Fair.
 Earnestly desiring the abolition of Slavery
 in this land, and being deeply convinced that
 this result can only be accomplished by renew
 ed efforts to change our present corrupt moral
 sentiment, the undersigned mem hers and
 friends of the Western New York Am-slaver*
 Society, again make their sppeal to the
 fnenda of the SltTe in behalf of their annual
 Bazaar, which will be bekl in Rochester in
 December next.
 While we have been cheered and gladdened
 by the progress already made, and the good
 alteady done, and while we rejoice to observe
 that friends have been raised up to plead the
 cause of the bondman among persons, and in
 quarters where we had least expected them,
 we still aee the “harvest to be great and the
 laborers to be few,” sod instead of relaxing
 our efforts, we are impressed with a sense of
 the duty of doubling our diligence, and ap
 plying more closely oot energy to tba means
 of advancing this holy cause.—We appeal the
 more boldly to our friends because tboee for
 whom we plead cannot plead for themselves.
 While we are surrouoded by our domestic
 circle, with none to molest or make ua afraid,
 there are three millions of men and women in
 our own land, doomed to abject Slavery and
 chains, robbed of every right—avil—eoeml—
 personal—and political. Remembering thorn
 m bonds as bound with them, we desire to
 ulead their eanae as though they were os our
 own limbs, and the knotted lash were applied
 te our own book**
While to obuin mesas foe enlightening the
 f public mind, is the strong motive for folding
 our nr.non] Fair, it in oot the only one. a
 great amount of good may be traced directly
 ito socli occutoaa. Many who are now at
 tire worker* in behalf of this holy rooTernent
 became first interested in it through the m
 sttumeiitahty of tboee annual exhibitions of
 anu-niavary mdoatry, tact and skill.
 The present object of tbe Rochester anti-
 I slarerj Bazaar for the general enlighten
 ment of the public mind o tbe subject of sla
 very. Recognizing the North Star. (published
 ra thia city) as an efficient Anti-Slavery in
 strumentality, we propose that the funds raised
 by the Sale of articles at the Bazaar (on
 behalf of which we here appeal) shall be
 mainly appropriated to the support of that
 important paper.
 We gatefnlly acknowledge the prompt as
 aistxnce rendered to our last Fair by our
 friends and coadjutor* in various parts of our
 own State, Wisconsin, and Michigan, and we
 earnestly solicit their continued co-operation
 i with os in tbe good wotk. That no time may
 I be lost, we especially recommend to them the
 immediate formation of sewing circles in their
 various towns with a view to making articles
 for the Rochester Bazaar. We would also
 in this connection render oar heartfelt thanks
 to our British frieods for the valuable aid ex
 tended by them to our last year ’s Fair and
 we would again warmly solicit their generous
 assistance. It is due to our trans-Atlantic
 friends to say that for much of the interest felt
 in our last Bazaar we were indebted to them,
 and we are persuaded thst their continued
 co-operation will essentially ptomoie the suc
 cess of nur approaching December Bazaar,
 and tbe advancement of the cause of the slave
 in our land.
 We hope that the foregoing appeal will
 commend itaelf to out philanthropic friends on
 both sides of the Atlantic, and that they will
 cordially unite with us in the effoit here pro
 posed.
 Rett no* —inglorious rest
 Unnerve* the man;
 Struggle —’ti* God’s behest*
 Fill up life’* little span
 With God-like deed*—it is the test
 Test of the high born toui,
 A nd lofty aim;
 The te*t in history’s scroll
 Of every bo noted name
 None but the Brave shall win the goal'
 6icned on buhalf of the Fair Committee,
 AMY POST.
The Difference.—- The ordinary Ointments
 and Liniments, it is well known, are severe
 and partial in their operation. Sloan’s Oint
 ment is mild, yet thorough: it reaches and
 removes the cause hence it gives real and
 permanent relief.
 For purity, mildness, safety, certainty, and
 thoroughnes, Sloan’s Ointment excels, and is
 rapidly superceding all other Ointments and
 Liniments now in use.
 Kj 3 See Agents’ names at the head of
 Sloan's Column. For further particulars and
 testimonials, get Pamphlets of agents.
Com mental.
Rochester, Sept. 13th, 1849.
 There lias been a fair amouut of business transac
 ted the past week. Our streets have preesnted a
 busy and active appearance throughout the week.
 There lias not been much wheat brought to this
 market-the farmers, it should be recollected, arc
 now very busily engaged in sowing and securing
 their fall crops.
 In the fore part of the week wlicat was firm at
 9s. but for the last two days 8s 6J has been the top
 price.
Wholesale Prices Current.
 FI.OUR AND MEAL—-Duty 20 cad val
 Flour,* bbl
 Corn meal, bush 4o ©5O
 PROVISIONS.—Duty ;Beef,Pork,Hams, Bacon,
 Butter and Lard, 20 V c; Clieese3o c ad val
 Pork, (mess) 00 00 12 00
 Do. in hog m 5
 Iteef cwt. 4 00 (8) 5 IK)
 Do. bbl. (mess) 700€0 8 00
 Lard (tried) |f !b 8
 Do. (leaf,) _
 Hams, (smoked)
 Shoulders, do. 5 54
 Butter 0 &lt;fi&gt; 124
 Cheese 05 (to 07
 Turkeys |f Ih c,
 Chickens ®4
 Potatoes, bush 1 00
 GRAIN— Duty; 20 |f cad val
 Wheat, bush 112
 Corn 50
 Rye
 Oats
 Barley 80
 HIDES—Duty ;5p c ad val
 Slaughter "J
 Calf J®
 Sheep Pelt* 40 &lt;B&gt; 7o
 SEEDS—Duty; Linseed 10 If c; Mustard 20 tf
 r ad T&lt;ki
 Clover 3750 5 00
 Timothy 150® 2 25
 Flax 1 00
 FlSH—Duty on foreign caught; 20 tf cad val
 Whitehall bbl ‘OO
 Codfish cwt 3 80
 SUNDRIES—
 Sah, |f bbl 1 25
 Apples, |f bus
 l)o. dried bush. 024
 Egg», If doz 12
 Beans, |f bash 75
 Hay, If ion 700®11 00
 Hard wood 3 50
 Soft Wood 9
DR. A. CLARK,
 DENTAL SURGEON.
 1 would respectfully inform the citizen* of Rochester
 and surrounding country, that I have removed my
 office from No. 89 Smith’* Arcade to my dwelling
 fic*me No. 92 Monroe Street.
 1 hankfnl (or past favor* in the line of my profes
 sion, and flatten tig myself that I can give perfect
 satisfaction to all who may fisvor me with their pa
 tronage. 1 would invite all those who are de
 sirous ofhaving operation* performed on the teeth or
 of having teeth inserted to call on me and aatisfy
 U n e A. CLARK.
 N. B. AU operation* performed by me on the
 teeth and Phte Work warranted.
 Rochester, Oct. 13,1848. tf.
Tke 0M CarMlty Sko,
 At No 48 Exchange Street Rochester.
 LLOYD SCOTT, gralelnl for the patronage
 awarded him, would respectfully inform bis
 friends and the public generally, that he ha* recently
 enlarged hi* establishment and augmented hi. Mock
 of Men’s, Women’*, and Children’*. New and
 Second hand apf*rel In addition to thi* depart
 ment he will buy and aell House and Store Furni
 ture, Book*, Jewelry, Fancy article*, Mechanical
 and agricultural implements, and indeed all there
 various odd* and coda” of which may not fo
 readily obtained at other place*. It i* hi* intention
 to, keep Tfo Old Corosity Shop” well furnished
 with an endless variety of articles for which fo will
 pay liberally and dispose of at satisfactory prices.
 Clothing repaired and renovated with neatneas
 and despatch.
 Doot forget 44 The Old Corosity Shop.
 Rochester March 1849.
ralaer’s Artiflefal Uf.
 rllS entirely new, beautiful, and eminently ser
 vicalde limb, wbidi baa received (be Inchest
 awards aad most hearty testimonials of all the
 principal scientific institution* aad wrpiHU of
 hospitals ia this cocaare, ia addition to thoae who
 Imve used the had*, as beiaf ia every reenact supe
 rior to say limb ever before invested ia Europu or
 America, is now manufactured ia SprmgfiM, Slut.,
 by Messrs. PaLRER, CcMitt k Hcoios.
 They warrmM cmtwt Mtufttmn.
 Drs. Hanilto* aad Sr*Aaus,of Baft Is-
 Dr. Gaasoa, Batavia.
 Drs. Wtiirt* aad Moore, Hachartar.
 Dr. Potter, Gorham, (who waasu one.)
 Dr. Hoc on, Byracase. sepl4-«m
 TAMES W. MON DORM INO wilcat.mw to
 i&amp;isrvzs+zurzn
 “&amp;LSrssriH».«»
AUBURN and ROCHESTER
 RAIL-ROAD
 pHANGEIN TIME-The tnus wd’cmmrwre
 u to leave Rochester Nnhj at tfo follow ms
 Eastward—at 1 s. 8| s. I r. a.
 Westward—at 4| a. s..f a.a., i* r. m. 7 r.a.
 Ifofeew, Mar 1,18».
 VTARAATIVEtIFTHE LIFE OF FRF.DV.R
 IN ICK DOUGLASS, written by hawse*. to U
 had at this offer*, price 35 rent*; new Edit. 37 )r i
■air-fattlAf ib4 prffsin at
 RALPH FR4NCIS’* 8«k»t l( uixtrr rhe
 Buffalo-street j»l 14 —3m
SEW YORK ADVERTISEMENTS.
Yaltrfd Sailor** Hoar*
 330, Pearl Street, New York.
 FRIENDS of the -hvt, and stranger* o« a visit
 to New York, ran is-w be accommodated with
 as food Board, and at a* few s price a* in any other
 bouse in the city. The In****- is large and c»&gt;n
 venient; a ill fold cueifut iblv severity |wrm»i*.
 Familie* ran have |*ivste rooms, arvl every :»ticn
 trori paxi K&gt; thru comfort. WM P. POWKLL.
 May 11, 1849.
DR. J. M’CI NE SMITH. 93, Broad
 way
MRS. PETTIT would respectfully inform fo-r
 Friends ami tfo PuMic, that she has removed
 from 150 to a coauuodiow house No. 182, Church
 Street, wforr she mill rootinuc to entertain rrsyirct
 abfe roioml jwrxons with Board and Lsxlging.
 New York, May 11, 1849.
ELLIS A. POTTER’S Ready Made Ck .thing
 Store, 91 Canal Street, between Church Street
 ant Wert Broadway, New York. ALn—A &lt;«cn
 cral'Assortment of tientfemen’s Furaiihing Aitit le*,
 constantly on band.
 May 18, 1849
PHILADELPHIA ADVERTISEM’TS.
General Intelligence Office.
 GEO. W. GOLNES opened an Establish
 ment at the PhilADEtrma Irstitotr.
 I»mford Street, almve Seventh, for the purpose ul
 procuring honest and faithful r those
 who may mjuirc Ok-iii, and obtaining places lor
 such as are qualified and in want thereat, gs leave
 to refer to the following named gentlemen, who have
 kindlv permitted the use ot their name, as
 REVERENCES:
 Anarew- M’Makin Editor of the. American Courier
 Robert Morris, Editor of tlie Inquirer
 Jasper Harding, Publisher of the Inquirer
 Charles J. Peterson, Editor of Neal’s Gazette
 Thos. B. Florence, Editor of Times and Keystone
 Rofon Howell, 88, Chesnut Street
 Hilliam J. Mullen, 278, Catherine Street.
 Philadelphia, Sept. 1, 1848. ly—3d.
DR. D. J. PECK, Physician and Surgeon. Phi
 ladelphia Institute, Lombard Street, above
 Seventh, ly—3B
CHARLES JONFS, North Star House, No. 28,
 North Street, between Fifth and Sixth, and
 Market and Arch streets, Philadelphia.
 Strangers visiting the city will find the North
 Star House the most central, convenient and com
 fortable House in Philadelphia.
 Philadelphia, Dec. 1. 1848. m 49
Anti-Slavery Office,
 No. 31, North Fifth Strret, Philadelphia.
 A FULL assortment of anti-sin very publication
 is kept constantly on band. Also a liandsoin
 variety of miscellaneous publications, and usefu
 and Fancy Stationery.
 All fetters relating to tlie wine** of the office
 to lie directed to J. Millet McKirn, 31, North
 Fifth-street, Philadelphia. jul—tf
UNPARALLED IN THE HISTORY OF
 MEDICINE
 A 3 THE MOST
 Remarkable External Application
 Ever Discovered!
 TIME and experience have fully proved that this
 UNIVERSAL RE MED Y has not its equal
 on tlie list of popular medicines, having focu before
 tlie public lor more than fourteen years. Testimo
 ny of the most disinterested character of its won
 derful effects oil the animal economy is almost daily
 presented to tlie proprietor. It is worthy of spe
 cial remark, that beside the great and extraordinary
 powers in tlie cure of
 DISEASES OF THE HORSE,
 in which its virtues first attracted the attention of
 the Farrier and Farmer, and the wonder of the
 public generally, it has foen successfully employed
 iu a great variety of the maladies which
 AFFLICT THE HUMAN RACE.
 Ignorance of facts and philosophy, start at the
 assertion that any one remedy can possess within
 itself the virtue ot curing many diseases. Expei i
 euce of more than fourteen years lias nevertheless
 established tlie fact, that Merchant’s Celebrated
 Gargling Oil, or Universal Family Embrocation,
 will cure most ease* and relieve such as tlie follow
 ing, among many others in the cine of which this
 On has Im-cA completely successful and m which oth
 er pretended remedies have completely tailed:
 RHEUMATISM, PAINFUL NERVOUS AF
 fections, Bites of Animals, Frost Bites, Corns,
 Boils, Whitlows, Asthma, Bruises, Burns,
 and Scalds, Cramps, Strains, Sprains,
 Ulcers from local causes, Caked
 Breasts, Contractions of tlie mus
 cles,Wounds, Swellings, &amp;e.
 Also a host of disea.tes
 iu Horses and other
 animats,such as
 SPA VINS,
 Sweenei,
 RINGBONE,
 WiudgaJl, Poll Evil.
 Callous, Cracked HeoL,
 Gall* of all kir.d-&gt;,
 Fresh Wounds, Bruises,
 Fistula, Sitfirst, Strains, Lameness,
 Sand Cracks, Foundered Feet, Scrauine.,
 OR GREASE MANGE, FARCY, t/ fyc.
 Numerous are the unsolicited statement/; of pa
 tients themselves, and others who have used tin: Oil,
 of cures w hich in themselves appear so remarkable
 Unit were they at all interested iu a pecuniary point,
 they could hardly liave been credited.
 The celebrated Dr. Parker also write" as follow s
 Dear Sir: I hare prescribed your Gargi ug Oil iu
 various cases of
 PRACTICAL SURGERY,
 a* a liniment, with marked success, and would com
 mend it to physicians generally for external use in
 ail contusion*, tumors, sprains, white
 and in all rheumatic affections, where external
 means are necessary. Asa discutient, it it form
 less where Uie febrile symptoms have been reduced
 by geueral treatment, fit such cases, it is the &gt;no-t
 efficient remedy within tlie circle of means uu* in
 use.
 I would aba reconw&gt;ei*d it to community at large
 a* a safe aud powerful remedy w fore lliere is no
 general fever in all the afove disease*, to fo used
 freely, and to counteract infinrumatiofi tn a remark
 able manner, la foorsed wounds it prevents swell
 ing, and consequent Soreness iu liot weather
 From the peculiar nature of this Oil, and tfo
 Mnporalfeled sucres* it has met witli in the hands of
 the FARRIER, FARMER STAGE PRO
 PRIETOR, it is but justice to siy, that of the
 great numfor of medicines which lave been offered,
 none have bees so well adapted to the prompt cure
 of Disease* to which Horses are liahle; it fo« been
 very justly called a Complete Panacea for die Horse.
 For mala nee, read the tollowing:
 TO O WNERS OF HORSES.
 This is to certify that 1 have had fur many year* die
 care of from one hundred to two bandied horses,
 sad have made use of Merc hunt’s Gargling Oil for
 two years past, and can safely say, that for all the
 diseases that horse* are liable to, I never saw its
 equal. I use about one bottle per month, and re
 commend it to the public as the; beat medicine for
 horses now ta use. E D MINOR
 All order* addressed to tfo proprietor will fo
 nrowtxJv reri»'fkV l U&gt;.
 Get a pamphlet of tfo Agent, ami see wliat won-
 OT •ccuasplisfod by ifo Itae of this nwxitcuie.
 gaH by respectable dealers generally in tfo Uai
 and Cantdi.
 Aixoby Post It Wilu»,Wh. Pitkix.L. B
 gsraa, WintLowr Yotira, li. D. A tut,
 H tt E Gaylord, Header son It Pandnrsoo, Cleve
 land, O.; G Ding A Sou, Colsanbas, Q-; Gorthm
 A Israel, Cincranau, O.; McClure A Co, Attnsy
 Hollister A Co, Buffalo; Gramma* k Sumth, Life
 ea; P DOrris A Co. Tray, NV. July 13-tfo.
WM. H. TOPP, Marehaat Tailor, 646 Broad
 waj. Abo aa esmasive ftsaoruorat of Cravats,
 Stocks, Hosiery, Gloves, kc
 AKMay JFch. 11,1 Hk
SLOI.VS COLr.HR.
DT" AH tfo m—&gt;hr me* advertised tn WB. Bhss
 are *4l U Post k Wrlh*. W iwi.w A Visaf, R»
 rfo*ter; H. K'-ha*. Fndfist; A S. RairsreA
 Co., Issirtm; T k A f'rve, |tr-rlkp r.t ('sW'
 Nye, Putrfel; H Willua*, sad tn
 rrv—t drnffist* tfoongfoml tfo I m«*ed Stair*.
 FAMILY OINTMENT.
 CI.OAVS OINTMENT i* a&gt;* aeivervaßy sc
 O kaowlrdged to far »b infeßibfo remedy, rn evrex
 case whore it fos tawm UilWalb applied on tfo hr*
 maa system, for pr- *va»iiaz la«rn»d4e Penywratram.
 drawing owt tfo lafisn-Miation from a wmind, re
 lieTing psin of errrv kind, ami ta it* fo.ilmg qaab
 t«-« jfo world ihc* r*-t pwodwee it* equal, ami tfo
 pwhi ic pni—nrr it tfo rhr.vpv-t amt he*’ ImsiK
 (tistiMSt that he* rvev Ires tmf Al diresec* of
 tfo Flesh, 1 tfofinate I Wer*. 4i! Socesqt hiihfoai*.
 Sore Threat, Bma*. Cuts, Cwtsuwvm EnpUos,
 Sore Nipplt-. Son Rre,*.t». tli-rsa* oi Ifo t it.
 I .igwr ta Ifo face. *wV. fork, ami tfo other jarti of
 ’fo iptis), IVni-, t ki r*. Sc»ki IlmJ, llnii«es,
 4 rwsfe Wound*, am! rtm fiml of am (•*itain,ag
 tfo li-4*r |wrtwfe of mtloiunHliofi are pecinsnently
 rarcfl by thi* treat rrinoli.
 \V B. SI.OAN.
 Gram) Like »t., Cbwago, lit.
 WE ta&gt; T RET At.ON« WiTHtUTT IT.
 tin ti, .it &lt;Vi., IH.,
 Unutov 24,1848
 Mr. St ott—Sir I hnvr t»--ie,i ifo- rirme of
 your Ointment in tfo- cure of rattlcrwake bite*, w&gt;re
 throat, foirn-. ami awny otfor injurie*, and isrtm
 cj«e it ha.&lt; Mirptu-eii &lt;nir t \piect.»tioW*. As iKisu.
 ly Ointment I have never *cr it* tqrnl, ami tor
 fo;t«r« we can't get aknsg w itfowst it
 Yunr*. foe,.
 Mil K&lt; M JOHNSON
 KXCKI.LKXI OlXVVtxr.
 Mr. Slocx—!&gt;«&gt;..i Sit F.»r a comnderabie
 length of time I i- -erion h itllictrsi with lie
 Rlieiimatic couqdatnl, .nut .ijUfiod tieefo- the varioo*
 lintment*, pain-kilWi-, foe., «i~ithout tJa uniug sm
 n lief. After which mho ,ig&gt; tit at tin- pfcw-e mftn
 emxvl me to irv vm,- Ointmrnt, and within two
 week* tr’*m tfo tina- I coiuiiieuced ttsiag it, tlie pain
 ceasrxi, ami 1 wa* t tn.»!l&gt; rum); and *lmll re
 conmieiid all who are -nnilarU afflicted with the di»-
 tre*.*iiig i'oiiqi!.,ini. to procure \o»ir excellent oint
 ment without delay. Recp’v vonr*.
 fiSt’AK F MOTT
 Prinrevilfe, Peoria eu.. 111., May 1, ’t-H.
KfM'IFK KITTEN ENTIRELY OFE 'j
 Tw*» Mile* South of Uhicago,
 Sept. 14, ts*B s
 I&gt;K. Si.oax—Sit Oq tlw Sth inst. my son had a
 taiger bitten entirety off hv a hor*e. Me immedi
 ately applied vour eelelwnted Ointuw'nt which re
 lieved him of pnin in a few minute*, and |&gt;n'vent»&gt;t
 tin* finger from civelling tfo least particle, ami tlie
 wound i* now foaling rapidly.
 Re«|tectfulfv vour*.
 S. IUM’KW
 a prime arriii.r.
 Are any afflicted with pain*, fo»»i*e*,nit* or
 of anv kind Let tfomi read \V, It. Sloan’* ail
 vertisemenl in another column. We helieve ll i*
 ointment to fo* a prime article for any thing ot the
 kind and no humbug. Try a little ot, it Iwlitre y* u
 sutler any longer. It can fo* had at!nearly alt tlie
 store* hi this place.—[Knox Intelligencer
 THE BEST AND CHEAPEST
 HORSE MEDICINE
 IN Tlt K WOULD.
SLOAN’S OINTMENT
 AND
 CONDITION POWDER
 HAVE EARNED A t.KKAT NAME.
 Fur Puritii Mihlnr. j», Sn fti y, Vt tainty
 aiot INo »u ifA«»« S' l.i iA A ’.S
 Ot NT MEAT EkL,
 And i* nqtidlv super** ding ah Ointfirut* aud
 Liniment* now in «.*e t«&gt;r tlie flu- i. l*mmg
 tlisettse*
 Fresh VV'ound*, fialU ot all .itids, Sprain*,
 Bruise*, &lt;'racked llt-els, llingfouie, mdgalL, Poll
 Evil, f'alius, S|javins, Sweims, Eiilnla, Sutast,
 Strain*, Lainenc**, S.md t'ruiks, Kounde«&lt;ak.Feel.
 Scrulehes or t«reuse, M.mg&lt;-atwl Hmn I list* iii|M*r.
 Tlu* Powder w ill remove all mflamiii.ilion anti
 fever, purify the blood, n tfo- *&gt;kin, il* an-c tfo
 water, and strengthen every pail tin- fo&gt;d) ami
 has proved a sovereign rrua-dy lor tfo- following
 di waxes:
 Dixteuqier, Hide-fonmd, Los* of Ap|M-tite, In
 ward Strains, Yellow’ Water, Inflammation of the
 Eyes, Fatigue from hardexerci.se. Also, Kfonnia
 tism, (commonly called stiff complaint,) which
 proves so fatal to many valuable horse* in this
 country. It is also a *ale and cert, in remedy lor
 coughs and cold*, which generate so many fatal dis
 eases. W. It. SLOAN.
 Grain! Depot, ID Lake st., Im ago, Illinois.
 EXTRACT fROM Tilt: “fIAI.ENA NOKTII-WEMTERN
 OA/ETI'K.”
 By the use of Sloan’s Ointment and 'oiidilmu
 Powder, I fiave euiiitly cured i Fistulu on n,y
 horse, and otherwise improved In* condition more
 tlian *V)O |wr rent, &lt;&gt;n the cost of tin- medicine Ami
 a eowt which was *o le-lde as to Is* considered
 worthies* by inysclt and iieigldiorx, was rextnrod t&lt;•
 gootl health and -trength h\ llien-e of le-s than half
 a pack*go of the powder, and i* n**w tloing foller
 than any other cow I have. W VI.Nt ENT.
 Small Pox, May 13, HIM
 PliPt I.AK tIPINION.
 If popular opinion i, aiiy ta'itcrion ot tin- worth
 of an article, w&lt; i• ivit.■ (he incretiuloii* to read at
 least a few of tfo- mans volimiary ei rlilieatex winch
 appear in our eoluuitis n (M i ling tfo- grt-ai variety
 of ih i lid by ifo- iiim- ol Sloan s
 celebrated Oinimenf n.d 'omlitiou Powder.”
 Tlwse reinedie- no longer remain among ifomc of
 doubtful utility ifo v have |«a**ed from Die tide of
 experiment, and now stantf tngher hi reptiiaiion. ind
 are becoming more extensively nsetl than all otfor
 articles of tfo kind.— [Michigan City .New*.
 rifi. HAI.I HAS NOT BEEN TOLD.
 Fox River, June 12, '4M.
 J)R. Sloan —IfearSir: Please semi by tlie four
 er a new supply of your Horse Medicine*. Tfov
 are tiie felt article* of tlie kind that I have ever
 used, never having fo*-n disappointed in their effect
 a* I have Is en in tlie use ot otfor, even tfo- m»*t
 celebrated Ointments, Liniment*, Ac., of tin- dav.
 I like very much this feature in iforn, vi/.: tfeat they
 (So ail tiiat i* promised, and U|ton a thorough trial,
 one is constrained fo add tiiat 44 haH lias not been
 told.” Respectfully,
 M. IJI DLF.V.
 the Dirrcßntcs.
 Tfo/ orthuary Ointments ami Liniments, it is well
 known, are severe atwl partial in then ojieratiofi.
 Sloan’* Ointment is mild, yet tiiormigh—it rewche*
 and remove* tfo cause, hence it give* real and pei
 maneut relief.
 For parity, ntildne**, -afrty, certainty, and thor
 ougime**, rshian’s Ointment excel*, an&lt;t is rapidly
 su|ier*e&lt;ling all other uuiiMHti awl Imimenf* t*jw
 iu use.
 «&lt;oon NEWS r
 f HtcAOo, Jan. Nh, 1H49.
 W. B. Si.OaS—S.r One uf my foirses was hoof
 lx,nisi and alto Wfetnded in tfo stifle, in winch fo
 took cohl, ami became *o crippkd that Ie- r&lt;*siid
 scarcely travel. Bv tfo: free npplieatrOM of irnir
 vaioai»»- Ointment, hi* hoof* wer- *’&lt;on srdlenesfan* 1
 tfo »tiffe permanently cured.
 1 have also used tfo* Ointment in tfo care of Poll-
 Evil awl nn severe gaffe will* equal *u«-«e*»
 On a acssbed ffoger that was very pamtui it op
 erated like a charm. Yours,
 A. AN OK DEN.
 EXTRAORDINARY LIRE.
 Four miles wirtii *A (Imago, (on roaij to
 Milwaukie,&gt;(.‘*s*k eo., IM.,A|nd 13, ’4B y
 Mr Sl-Oax —Dutt Sir One of my for«e* fosi a
 large fomy Tuni*r on hi* fora*t foine, m uadiatciv
 um U r the eolfor, which lamed bun and re..-h ir&lt;: hfo
 «rvK»» fo veiv little value. 1 taitirfnlh *ppiwd
 st-teral bottle* ul Lr laykx’s Nerve awi Ifo*
 luuituent, sitiout Vue W-a-t fotvefit. 1 tfon pu
 rnred Wilrfer’* (Vabrated Horre Ointment, and
 &gt;i*ed that until 1 foe ame tally ,at isf&gt;r&lt;i that it w&lt;aild
 never relreve tfo animal. Finally, 1 i4tsii«4 a
 1»X of your troty vaksalde Omiiieut, *&gt;»i in ie**
 than 80 tiny* fr«an tfo hi*t ap-plnation ifo tumor
 inrely disappeared and tfo fo»rse w*» well.
 Yours, EDW ARD ARMSTRONG
 ORATirviNO I!*r*LXKHCbCk.
 From every port of Ifo ctmmty wforr 44
 llorae Oiauneui and t •mdituni P /wrier' 1 have knew
 intrtafoesf. »fo |eop»let-r has rereive-l tfo nso*t
 grailiving mlethgetvrr of thru rentarkalde effect an
 popufortty- In a multitude «4 nsseowres, they for*
 triumphed irtrr ilnmn whM.li had LssflU-1 tfo *kdi
 uf retrfo*t«l Farrsrr*, mi weir tussiitr.sJ nwura
 foe. These Kseduffne* are rapidly super •esiuig all
 other remedie* now in nee, (hr d«snared hits** awl
 caul*
