j o c t r y.
Fro® the Natwosl Em
 'IO FlUi IX.
 Xln ctfioon 1 bmfli l*p* r
 N« red shell Weses do«rn the sir,
 JUm] street and tower and temple oW
 Are silent a* despair
 The Lombard stands no m re at ha*.
 Route’* freeh young lifie ha* bled io ram;
 Dead in the ghostly trench are the*
 Or, wounded, writhe in pain.
 New, while the fratricide* of France
 Are treading oo the neck of Rome,
 Hider at Gaeta! write thy chance’
 Coward ami cruel, come’
 Creep now from Naples’ bloody *h'rt;
 Thy mummer’• part »a* acted we IS,
 While Rome, with ateel and fife begirt.
 Before thy crv*ade Cell.
 Her death groant answered to thy prayer
 rby chant, tire drum and bogie&lt;*ll;
 Thy lights the Isirnmg village glare;
 Thy bead*, the shell aed bail!
 Let Austria dear thy way wstjr hand*
 Foul from Ancona’s cioel *»ck,
 Am! Naples, witb'hi* diuutd band*
 Of verderer* lead thee back.
 Rome’s lip* are dumb; the orphan’s wail,
 The mother’s nh.ieh th* u may’et not hear,
 Above the faithleai Frenchman’s bail,
 The uneexed *haveling’» cheer!
 00, bind on Rome l*r castoff wa ght,
 The double curse of crook an I crown,
 Though woman’s acorn and manhood's Irate
 From 'call and roof flash down.
 Nor bee 1 tboce blood -stain* on tl&gt;e wall,
 Nut Tiber’s flool cm wash away,
 Where in tlty stately Q urinal
 Thy sung led victims lay.
 Let the world murmur; let iu cry
 Of horror and disgu»t be heard;
 Truth stands &lt;do ie; thy Coward he
 Is backed by laoce and sword
 The cannon of St. Angelo,
 And cnaniiiij pri »t and clanging bell,
 And beat of drum and bugle blow,
 Shall gieet thy coming well.
 Let tip* of iron and tongues of slaves
 Fit welcome give thee; for her part,
 Rome, frowning o’er her new-made grace«,
 frhall curse thee from Irer heart!
 No wreath* of gay Camp gna's flower*
 Shall childhood in thy pathway fling,
 No garlands f orn their ravaged bower*
 Shall Terni’s maidens bring.
 But, hateful as that tyrant old;
 The mocking witness of his ciimc,
 la thee shall loathing eyes behold
 The -Nero of our time.
 Stand wh re Rome’s blood was freest shed,
 Mock Heaven with impious thanks, and call
 Its curses on the patriot dead.
 Its blessings on the Gaul’
 Or, sit upon thy throne of lies,
 A po &gt;r, mean idol, blood-besmeared,
 Whom e’en its worshippers despise,
 Unbonored, unr&lt;*ertd.
 Yet, Scandal of the world! from thee
 One needful truth mauki id shall learn,
 That kings and p. rests to Liberty
 And God are false in turn.
 Earth wearier; of them, and the long
 Meek sufferance of the Heavens doth fail:
 Wo for weak tyrants, when the strong
 Wake, struggle, ahd prevail!
 Not vainly Roman hearts have bled
 To feid the Crosier and the Crown,
 If, roused thereby the world shall tread
 The twin-bom vampires down!
 From the Hartford Republican
 ELYSIUM.
 ELIZABETH M. SARGENT.
 1.
 I thought the place was wondrous fair,
 As i had seen in dreams:
 A new-born gory rested there,
 Aud bathed it in its beams.
 I deemed the glory in the sky,
 And on each flowery spray,
 And in the mirror’s riveriwight—
 ’Turns nearer yet than they!
 The river eh.inhered at my feet,
 8o calm it floated by,
 That it seemed not a river then,
 But like another sky;
 And green twin-islands hung midway
 Those skies that glorious even—
 -1 thought that I had never seen
 Before, so much of Heaven!
 The eye of Day was closing fast,
 The skirt were growing deep.
 And violet lids were closing too,
 For a a«eet summer sleep;
 1 thought the petals of the flower
 From Heaven had caught t!*eir ray—
 -1 did not know that eyi s were neat;
 •With m ire of Heaven than they!
 And music, too, seemed in the air,
 Such a* I never heard—
 Twa» tweeter titan the hispering leaves,
 Or vesjie* by mo of bird;
 The voice of bird w'as quivering low,
 Hushe I Nature did r«juice;
 1 thought I listened to ihe hud,
 But ’twa* a human voice!
 A fiagmcnt of a rainbow hung
 On a daik cloud and tall,
 Twas like a glorious banner flung
 O’er some dark caetle wall;
 I thought I never yet had seen
 A t mg so hi ight of hue,—
 I did not know that in my heart
 Was born a rainbow too’
 ii.
 Again I sought the wondrous rccnc—
 ’Fwasjust the same as wlien
 I f.mnd such glory iu the sky,
 Such beauty m the plain;
 And yet from sky and tree and flower,
 There seemed a something gone—
 -1 atkod my heart the mystery—
 -1 fiund -I looked alone 1
 ‘I 1 was not the sky was changed, not vet
 The river’s mirror dim;
 The bird* were singing just as sweet
 Tlieir sweetest vesper-hymn:
 But 1 bad learned to look no more
 For beauty in the tree,
 Or sky. or flower—f &gt;r I had found
 My Paradise ut The*'
 WORK AND WAIT.
 Ottt and ail b op and doing;
 Glory needs mcesesol wooing;
 And Faith—lMA mere ambition,
 Prompts you to fulfil your mission,
 You shall rise;
 But the aeuro, mall and flourer-likc,
 Must have time to fioorisb bower like
 To the skies.
 Bide you yours:—of wealth not lustful;
 Ever patient, calm, and umtful;
 Years shell magnify your bole,
 Aud pr dace immortal L-laige
 Of tbs soul.
Selections.
From ib* N«*w Vork Frill—g.
 KOMITH A* SEE* BY Bid UECJtE-
 TaRY.
 BY Dh. GABOR VA t
 As you are already aware, at the
 very beginning of the Hungarian Rev
 olution, sereral secretaries were ap
 pointed in Kossuth’s Cabinet, one of
 them understanding Bohemian, anoth
 er Croatian, another Italian, another
 French and German. Among them I
 had the place of translator from the
 French into the Magyar. While we
 were still in PeMh, I worked in the
 Chancery at Buda, and had only now
 and then an opportunity of seeing our
 Kossuth. But since the Chancery was
 removed to Debreczin I have been
 almost every day at his side—&lt;»r rather
 I might sav day and night, for hardly a
 night in the week passes away in which
 we are not compelled to be busy. I
 gay tee, for the great man always em
 ploys more than one at a time. I will
 accordingly endeavor, aa far as words
 will allow me, to introduce you into
 our work room, and to let you behold
 with your otvn eyes, as an observer,
 t the Liberator of whom in America
 (there is no just conception, w o is
 even unknown in the neighboring coun-j
 tries, and whom few of your corres
 pondents can describe, for there are
 not many who have had the opportunity
 of carefully studying- a Kossuth.
 I hardly know how to begin, as there
 is hardly ever a pause in the course of
 his activity to start from, but, for ex
 ample, I will write down for you the!
 doings of yesterday.
 j Yesterday morning after I had break-;
 tasted, I hastened to the Chancery—
 that is to say, to Kossuth’s house, which
 contains four apartments, his sleeping
 chamber, a parlor, the Chancery where
 we four correspondents have our places,
 and a small room for copyists. Three
 (couriers with dispatches were in the
 room as I entered, and Kossuth sat in
 his usual place, with a pen in hia right
 I hand, mid in his left the dispatches just
 brought in. I had come rather too
 late, for it was already a quarter past
 five o’clock, and another secretary had
 prepared, in my place, two dispatches,
 which were sent off before five. As I
 entered he was employed in several
 ways: his hand was writing, his mouth
 was dictating, his eye glanced at and
 read the opened dispatches, and his
 mind directed and followed the whole.
 He looked paler and more suffering
 (than usual. A glass of medicine stood
 by his side, from which he tasted from
 !time to time, as if it were the means of
 keeping up his physical existence. In
 deed, though I have often worked at
 his side from early in the morning till
 i late at night, I do not remember having
 seen him stop to take any nourishment
 except this mixture, and though he
 does sometimes eut, I can assure you
 that the amount of food which he con
 sumes is hardly enough to keep a
 young child from starving.
 One might almost say that the physi
 cal part of him had no longer an e is
 tence of its own; the man is nothing
 but a spiritual energy; lor, if it were
 not so, the perishing sickly hull would
 long since have been dissolved in spite
 of ail the wisd &gt;m of the physicians.—
 But he is perhaps the only living being
 whose mighty will is alone sufficient by
 'its own force to urge forward the
 wheels of physical nature, and keep
 them constantly in movement. He
 will not be sick, and he is not.- Great
 as are his bodily infirmities and suffer
 ings, he is strong and indefatigable.—
 His spiritual resources, his will, his
 enthusiasm, endow bun with the pow
 iers of a giant, although his physical
 ■strength is not more than that of a boy
 of six years. He bids defiance to
 death that threatens him in so many
 different maladies; his spirit keeps the
 body alive. The spirit is still young
 and vigorous, and can bnly cease to be
 so when the too great tension shall
 have irritated the nerves to such a de
 gree that they refuse to obey the will,
 and thus the organism destroys itself.
 I do not express myself clearly, but
 words will serve me no further. But
 to our In bore.
 I had scarcely taken my place when
 he b« gun to dictate a letter to Bern foi
 me to write, and so we were employed
 some f&lt; ur hours, during which I wrote
 two letters and each of my three col
 leagues three, all by his dictation; ht
 i himself had in the meantime preparec
 two dispatches, one for Perczel, tin
 other for Comorn-
 After nine o’clock he left us work ir
 abundance for the whole day, and wen
 with the Ministers, Szmere and Dus
 click, who came for him, to the Hou*&lt;
 iof Representatives, taking along wit!
 him some papers, on which he hat
 made several memoranda.
 He came hack about four o’clock ir
 the afternoon, accompanied by seveia
 Representatives, with whom he har' i
 conference of two hours, answering
 .their questions and suggestions; thii
 did not prevent him from examining
 the documents we had prepared during
 his absence, or from dictating nvrt
 letters. While be was thus dictating
 to in three or four letters, with totally
 different contents, being given off to
 gether by the same lips, we had to bi
 exceedingly careful in takiog then
 down.
 At stx o’clock came more dispatchei
 and verbal inquiries, all of which wen
 answered without delay. My dinnei
 consisted of a glass of wine, a piece o
 ham, and some bread, which I had or
 the table beside me, and disposed o
 with the best appetite as I was writing
 The Representatives, with one excep
 tion, went away: the one remaining sal
 down at the side of Kossuth and begar
 to help us. This made five secretaries
 and to give you some description of tht
 labors of the evening, I will tell yot
 that from half-past seven to balf-pasi
 eight he dictated to us, at the saint
 [time, five letters, all of different con
 tents! One of them was to Dembinski
 one to Bern, the third to Paris, tbt
 tourth to Vienna, and the fifth to Gyo
 ,tiygos; two were in German, one ii
 French, and two in Hungarian!
 Is it a Mitt who can do such things
 After tbit* he waa for some time en
 gaged in figures, which ho reckoner
 And reckoned in a state of almost per
 feet abstraction. While he was thui
 occupied, his friend and family phvsi
cian, the Doctor and Professor Buga!
 Pal.' came in and interrupted him. He
 greeted the Doctor kindly, pointi d him
 to a chair, and returned to his occupa*
 lion as before. The Doctor took his 1
 hand, which he yielded to him willing'!
 ly, as if it did not belong to him, and i
 held it for some fifteen minutes, feeling.
 the beat of the pulse, after which he
 withdrew' without any further notice
 from Kossuth.
 At 11 o’clock the head of one of my I
 colleagues was already nodding, and
 both myself and the one opposite me
 could hardly keep our eyes open.
 The clock struck twelve, and the j
 noise of the departure of the copyists j
 from the neighboring room roused him
 from his reflections. “Whit time is
 it, gentlemen*” he asked of us, and j
 when we told him it was just after 12, i
 he became unquiet, and a cloud sud
 denly spread over his br«»w. He rose
 from his seat, saying: Has no express j
 arrived from Peath?” No,” was the
 answer, and he began to walk up and
 down the room. He did not seem to
 think that it was high time to seek rest,
 and as if to prevent us from having
 such au idea, he said: There is work
 to be done yet.”
 Finally, after waiting vainly for an
 other hour, he said to us: Let us take
 a little re;&gt;t, gentlemen, while we are
 waiting; 1 will call you when I need
 your help.” He went into his bedroom,
 and we arranged ourselves on the,
 benches, and slept with our fatigue as
 soundly as in the softest bed. But our;
 rest was not of long duratioa. Between
 three and lour o’clock the expected
 dispatches arrived. Still half asleep,
 we took our places, and Kossuth, that
 watchman of his country, dictated to us
 as before. At six in the morning wo
 received permission to go away while
 he went for a bath, though with the re
 quest to be there again by eight o’clock.
 We are young and strong, and such a
 night’s watching now and then will not
 injure us; hut it is not so wi h him.—
 How long can this Hero of the Nine
 teenth Century—this guide of our
 Fatherland amid the foes that surround
 it—how long can his spirit sustain the
 contest that it ever carries on with the
 little of physiol nature that is attached
 to it?
 My friend, if beyond the ocean, in
 the free and happy America, there are
 men who feel sympathy for our good
 cause, who desire the success of our
 efforts, do not ask their prayers so
 much for tne triumph of the Magyars
 as for the life of Kossuth; for Hungary
 cannot be conquered so long as this
 incomprehensible being, whose name is
 Kossuth, is spared, though Russians
 and Austrians enter the country by
 myriads, and though thousands of our
 brethren fall as sacrifices for Freedom.
 He is the image of Liberty, Equality,
 and Fraternity; he is the incarnate
 spirit of Justice; he is the Washington
 of Hungary; and so Eljen Kossuth.
A FEARFUL DREAM.
 THE LAST SATURNALIA.
 Some ninety years ago, there flour-
 ished in Glasgow, a club of young men,
 which, from the extreme profligacy of
 its members, and the licentiousness of
 their orgies, were commonly called
 the Hell Club. Besides their nightly
 or weekly meetings, they held /one
 grand annual saturnalia in which each
 tried to excel the other in drunkenness
 and blasphemy; and on the thesb occa
 sions there was no star amongst them
 whose lurid light was more conspicuous
 than that of young Mr. Archibald B
 who endowed with brilliant talents and
 a handsome person, held out great
 promises in his boyhood, and raised
 hopes which had been completely frus-'
 trated by his sunsequent reckless dissi
 pation. One morning, after returning
 from this annual festival, Mr. Archibald
 8., having retired to bed, dreamed the
 following dream. j
 He fancied that he was mounted on
 a favorite black horse that he always
 rode, and that he was proceeding to
 wards his own house—then a seat em
 bowered by trees, and situated upon a
 hill, now entirely built over, and form
 ing part of the city—when a stranger,
 whom the darkness of the night pre
 vented his distinctly discerning, sud
 deul) seized the horses rein, saying;
 You must go with me.”
 “And who are you?” exclaimed the
 young inan, with a volley of oaths,
 whilst he struggled to free himself.
 “That you will see by and by,” re
 turned the other, in a tone that excited
 uncomfortable terror in the youth, who,
 plunging his spurs into his horse, at
 tempted to fly, but in vain. However
 fast the animal flew, the stranger was
 still beside him; till at length in his
 desperate effort to escape, the rider
 was thrown; but instead of being
 dashed to the earth, as he expected, he
 found himself falling—(ailing—falling
 slid, as if sinking into the bowels of the
 earth.
 At length a period being put to this
 mysterious descent, he found breath to
 inquire of his companion, who was still
 beside him, whither they were going.
 Where am I Where are you taking
 me?” he exclaimed.
 “To hell!” replied the stranger, and
 immediately interminable echoes re
 peated the fearful sound, “To hell! to
 hell!”
 At length a light appeared, which
 soon increased to a blaze, but instead*
 of cries and groans, and lamenting, as
 the terrified traveler expected, nothing
 met his ear but sounds of music, mirth
 and joillity; and he found himself at the
 entrance of a superb buildi. g, far ex
 ceeding any he had seen constructed
 by human hands. Witbin, too, what a
 scene! No amusements, employment,
 or pursuit of man on earth, but was
 there being carried on with a vehe
 mence that excited hit unutterable
 amazement. There the panting horae
 still bore his bruts! tider through the
 excitement of the added race! There
 over the midnight bowl, the inebriate
 still drawled out the wanton song or
 maudlin blasphemy! The gambler for
 ever plied hie endless game, and the
 •laves of Mammon toiled through eter
 nity their bitter tasks; whilst all the
 magnificence of earth paled before that
 which met hia view.
 He aoon perceived that be was
 among old acquaintances whom he
 knew to be dead, and each, ho observ
 ed, was pursuing the object, whatever
 it was, that had formerly engrossed
him; when, finding himself relieved ol
 the presence of his unwelcome conduc
 tor, he ventured to address his former
 friend, Mrs. D- whom he taw
 sitting, as had been her wont on earth,
 absorbed also, requesting her to real
 from the game, and introduce him to
 the pleasures of the place, which ap*
 peered to him to be vrry uniiko what
 he had expected, and indeed an ex*
 tremely agreeable one.- But with what
 a cry of agony she answered that there
 was no rest in hell; thst they must
 ever toil on at those very pleasures;
 and innumerable voices echoed through
 the interminable vaults, There is no
 rest in hell!” whilst throwing open their
 vests, each disclosed in his bosom an
 ever-burning dame! These, they said,
 were the pleasures of hell; the choice
 of earth was their inevitable doom! In
 the midst of the horror this scene in
 spired, his conductor returned, and, at
 his earnest entreaty, restored him
 again to earth, but as he quitted him,
 he said:
 Remember!—in a year and a day
 we meet again!”
 At this crisis of the dream the sleeper
 awoke, feverish and ill; and whether
 from the effect of the dream or his pre
 ceding orgies, be was so unwell as to
 be obliged to keep his bed for several
 days, during which period he had time
 for many serious reflections, which ter
 minated in a resolution to abandon the
 club and his licentious companions al
 together.
 He whs no sooner well, however,
 than they fi »cked around him, bent on
 recovering so valuable a member of
 their society; and having wrung from
 him a confession of the causes of his
 defection, which, as may be supposed,
 uppeared to them ridiculous, they soon
 contrived to make him ashamed of his
 good resolution. He joined them again
 —resumed his former course of life—
 and when the annual saturnalia came
 round, he found himself with a glass in
 his hand at the table; when the Presi
 dent rising to make his accustomed
 speech, began with saying: “Gentle
 men, this being leap year, and a year
 and a day since our last anniversary,’
 Sic.
 The words struck upon the young
 man’s ear like a knell; but, ashamed
 to expose his weakness to the jeers o!
 his companions, he sat out the feast,
 plying himself with wine even mort
 liberally than usual, in order to drowr
 his instinctive thoughts till in the
 gloom of a winter's morning, he mourn
 ted his horse to ride home. Sum&lt;
 hours afterwards the horse was fount
 with his saddle and bridle on, quietly
 grazing by the road side, about hal
 way between the city and Mr. B.’s
 house, while a few yards off lay th&lt;
 corpse of his master.
 Now, as I have said, introducing thii
 story, it is no fiction. The circum
 stances happened as here related. At
 account of it was published at the time
 but tho copies were bought up by thi
 family. Two or three, however, wen
 preserved, and the narrative has beei
 reprinted.— Crotr’s Night Side of JVa
 lure.
THE DESERT OF SAHARA.
 North of the Mountains of the Moon
 in Abyssinia, lies the Great Desert of
 Sahara, stretching 800 miles in width
 from its southern margin, and 1000 in
 length between the Atlantic and the
 Red Sea. It is a hideous, barren waste,
 prolonged eastward into the Atlantic
 for miles, in the form of sand-banks,
 and interrupted to the west only by a
 few oases and the valley of the Nile.
 This desert is alternately scorched
 by heat and pi ched by cold. The
 wind blows from the east nine months
 in the ycur, and at the equinoxes it
 rushes in u hurricane, driving the sand
 in clouds before it, producing the dark
 ness of night at midday, and over
 whelming caravans of men and animals
 in common destruction. Then the sand
 is heaped up in waves, ever varying
 with the blast; even the atmosphere is
 of sand. The desolation of this weary
 waste, boundless to the eye as the
 ocean, is terrific and sublime—the dry
 heated air is like a red vapor, the set
 ting sun seems to be a volcanic fire,
 and at times the burning wind of the
 desert is the blast of death. There are
 many salt lakes to the north, and even
 1 the springs are of brine; thick incrus
 tations ot dazz.ing salt cover the
 ground, and the particles, carried alofi
 by whirlwinds, fl*ah in the sun like
 diamonds. Sand is not the only char
 acter of the desert: tracks ot gravel
 and low bare rocks occur at times nol
 less barren and dreary. On these inter
 minable sands and rocks no animal, nc
 insect, breaks the dead silence; not a
 tree nor a shrub is seen in this land
 without a shadow. In the glare ol
 noon the air quivers with heat, reflected
 from the red sand, and in the night il
 is chilled in a clear sky sparkling
 under a host of stars. Strangely
 1 but beautifully contrasted with these
 I scorched solitudes is the narrow valley
 of the Nile, threading the desert foi
 1000 miles in emerald green, with its
 blue waters foaming in rapids among
 i wild rocks, or quietly spreading in a
 I calm stream amidst fields of corn and
 the-august monuments of past sges.
Dreaming for a Breakfast. -Down
 in Aroostook county, Maine, a*' h
 fcnan and an Irishman happens jbe
 journeying together through the most
 interminable forest of that regioo, and
 by some tnixhap had lost their way and
 wandered about in a pitiable condition
 f-r a while, when they fortunately came
 across a miserable hovel which was de
 serted save by a lone chicken. As this
 poor biped was the only thing eatable
 to be obtained, they eagerly oespatched
 and prepared it for a supper. When
 laid before them, Pat concluded that it
 was insufficient for the support of both
 himself and Sawney, and therefore a
 proposition was made to hit companion
 that they should spare their chicken
 until the next morning, and the one who
 had the most pleasant dream should
 have the chicken, which was agreed to.
 la the morning Sawney told bis dream.
 He thought angels were drawing him
 to heaven in a basket, and be waa never
 before so happy. l/pon concluding hia
 dream, Pat exclaimed, 4 *Ocb, aure,
 and by Japers, I saw you going, and
 thought you wou!dn*t come back after
 the chicken, and 1 gat up and ate if
 myself!’'
“Kwry Mu Umvi rfejslcUa.*'
 THE HOME DOCTOR.
 JUST PUBLISHED, a nr pc and raluaUe bwk
 for r»m fiuaily n the fount nr, and one that may
 be roiwuh'd with perfect safety. As its title page
 indicate*,it u “THE HOME DOCTOR, or Family
 Manual, giving the causes, rmptuins and treatment
 of Diaea*e*; with an account of the syaten white in
 health. and rules for preserving that sjtate. Appen
 ded to which are recipes for making Various Medi
 cines end articles for diet for the aiek room. The
 whole written for general m nod dailv practice, bv
 John B. Newman, M. D.”
 Alao, arcompnming this hook, or separate, is
 “THE HERB BOOK, a book devoted exclusively
 to Herbs, giving their names, varieties,description,
 medical properties and doers, uae, tube of gathering,
 and many other directions very useful for every fam
 ily to know, and written-express I Sjfor family use.”
 The Herb Book is devoted solely to Popular \frd
 enl Botany, and will furnish on that point all the
 nesired information wanted for general use.”
 The two books arc put up and bound together and
 contain 200 pages, price 25 cents, or soil separate
 at I2j cents.
 Tlie symptom* of each disease are carefully given
 so tnat one may be recognised from another, to phi
 vent practising in the dark;-also the treatment ,g
 sketch of general physiology, and rules tor keepeer j
 in health, together w ith observations on their causoe,
 means of avoiding deleterious influences, and mnjc
 other remarks as are deemed appropriate, for b"~i
 male and female.
 The KhjW has been written with great care, in a
 plain, simple, common-sense style easily to 1* un
 derstood by evrry person,.and by a practical physi
 cian and a thorough botanist. .We can recommend
 it with entire confidence, as being a work superior
 in all respects to any other book of the kind eve.
 pubiistied at the price.
 Families in the country and especially those liv
 ing in new- countries and unhealthy elimittes, shoulu
 not fail to procure a copy and have' it at all times at
 hand, in case of sickness as they might thereby by
 s-nne simple remedy save an expensive and protmc
 ted doctors bill. Whether well or sick, such a book
 should be in every bouse as a safe and sure adviser
 in time of need, the direction given for person* in
 beabpi cannot be too strictly attended to by all.
 The price at which the book is sold is so low that
 every family may have a copy, and none should be
 without it.
 Tlie book is put up in Paper binding, and can
 easily be sent by mail. Postage only 6f cents to any
 aart of the United States.
 {JO“ Any person sending us one dollar by mail, and
 pud paying postage on the letter, shall have four
 copies sent him free of postage.
 ffond in your orderss, there is no risk in sending
 money by mail, it comes to us daily, and the hooks
 always reach th*ir destination.
 Ocf- Four families enn club together and send a
 dollar bill, and lutve four books sent to one address.
 WANTED—Agents in most of the States to sell
 this work, almost every family will purchase it if
 earried to their d'jors. A small capital of from #2O
 to #5O will be necessary fir each agent. Address,
 vast paid, GEO. W. FISHER,
 April 1,1849. 6 Exchange-st, Rochester, N. Y.
 NORTH A3IPTONJVATER CURE.
 ELECTRICITY HYDROPATHY.
 r I ’H E impoi tanl principles of Cutaneous Electricity,
 A the discovery of which by tlie undersigned, has
 opened so w ide a field for scientific and ph\geological
 investigation, though ridiculed and opposed at its
 first announcement in 1844, by medical and profea
 sedly scientific men, being now sustained by eminent
 men of philosophic and scientific knowledge, and by
 the experience and testimony of thousands, who have
 i tested his theory by examinations in their own cases,
 the undersigned is confident that this principle of
 i natural and physiological law, needs only to be un
 derstood to be justly appreciated by an intelligent
 and investigating public.
 Sustained by such testimony, and more than five
 years’practical experience as a Diagnosian and Hy-
 I dropatliist, the undersigned would here repiat tlie
 conulusion3 at which he has arrived by the sense of
 i touch. Ist. That the human body, in a healthy
 condition, is in a positive electrical state. 2d. That
 i there are electrical emanations from the cuticlar
 surface, indicative of health, or the nature and
 j symptoms of disease. 3d. That in all cases where
 the wrist, stomach, or lungs, are in an electro-posi
 tive state, (however disturbed,) there is hope of a
 cure; but w hen the parts of the body alluded to are
 in the electro-negative state, Hydropathy can afford
 no relief.
 Had not tlie results of his practice already con
 vinced the public of the truthfulness of the principles
 by which the undersigned is governed, in detecting
 j the natuie and symptoms of disease, die recent pbi
 iosophical and scientific demonstration of their cor
 rectness, by Professor Means, of Georgia, and Mr.
 Hemmer, of England, and the facts and corrobora
 tive testimony adduced by i r. t orbes, Mr. Since,
 and others, should be sufficient to convince the most
 sceptical.
 Gratefully appreciating the credit so generously
 awarded for his success as a l iagnostic and Hy
 dropathic Practitioner, by a discerning public, and
 the gratitude evinced by those whom he has had the
 pleasure lo relieve of their complaints, tlie under
 signed will endeavor to merit the confidence of all
 who may afford him an opportunity to effect a cure,
 by his orrginal and philosophical method of practice.
 The Northampton Water Cure is pleasantly situ
 ated near Bensouville, on the west bank of Licking
 Water, or Mill River, about two and a half miles
 from the centre of the town, it is conveniently
 arranged, with parlors, separate bathing and dress
 ing-rooms, for Ladies and Gentlemen, well venti
 lated and conveniently furnished lodging rooms, and
 a variety of baths, abundantly supplied with water,
 which, for purity, and adaptedness to water-cure
 [mrposes, is unsurpassed by that of any other cstab
 ishinent in this country. A new and commodious
 building has just been completed, containing a spa
 i cious (lining hall,and pleasant lodging rooms, which,
 with the main building, will accommodate from 60
 j to 60 patients. A oymnasium connected with the
 establishment, affords an agreeable and healthful
 indoor exercise. The scenery in this vicinity is
 picturesque and romantic. There are a variety of
 pleasant walks, sufficiently retired to allow the pa
 tients to enjoy their rambles without being exposed
 to public gaze or observation
 Among tlie complaints which are here successfully
 treated, are headache, tendency of blood to the head,
 cold extremities, general and nervous debility, bron
 chitis, pulmonary affection, liver complaint, jaun
 dice, acute or chronic inflammation of the bowels,
 pike, dispepsy, general debility, nervous and spinal
 aflectioru, inflammatory and chronic rheumatism,
 neuralgia, sciatica, hune limbs, paralysis, fevers, salt
 I rheum, scrofulous and erysipelas humor:.
 All persons who visit this establishment for a
 course of treatment, should furnish themselves with
 three comfortables, three woollen blankets, one or
 two linen and three cotton sheets, two pillow cases,
 six or eight crash towels, some well worn linen, to
 cut for fomentations, an old cloek or mantle, an um
 brella, and a pair of slippers.
 Terms.—For treatment and board from $5 50 to
 I #8 60 per week, payable weekly. For a patient
 (Grom choice or the nature of bis complaint) occu
 pying a room alone on the first and second floors,
 f\ #9oo—with room-mate, #6,50. For one alone on
 i he third floor, #8 50—with room-mate, #5 GO
 j Patient! requiring extra attention or fire in their
 rooms, (except for swathing purposes,) will fornish
 I their own nurses and fuel, or pay an extra price.
 For patients receiving treatment at borne, #1 00.
 Terms for examination, from #2 00 to #5 00.
 Post-paid fetter*, with one dollar enclosed, soliei
 -1 ting advice, will receive attention. Corresponding
 patients should be particular in stating their last
 i treatment and iu effects.
 j DAVID RUGGLES.
 Northampton, Mass., 1849.
 N.B. Visitors to the Establishment, from the
 I east, west, or south, can take the cars of the Conn
 River Railroad at Springfield. Carriages will
 always be in readiness at the Northampton depot, to
 »—y Tint tin tidt'mT.^
 may not be disturbed after retiring, visitors arriving
 m the evening tram are requestsd to take lodging*
 at a hotel.
 T Th t nau normal and healthy con
 i dition of the system, is to a positive state, which
 ts constantly maintained fay the activity of the
 fenereUflg purees within—an excess generally pass
 ing off in silence from the cnticular surface, so utai
 1 experiments made by Mr. Hemmer of
 England, upon the uncovered skin,” 322 indicated
 the pretence of positive electricity. This surplusage
 of the fluid upon the surface, we believe to be indis
 pensable to the healthful condition of the whole
 animal economy, and that when, from any cau-e, it
 is diminished or eeases, diseased action ensues.”
 Bee address delivered before the Medical College of
 °ff nin J? •eMion/Nov.
 8, 1847, by A. Means, A.M., M.D., Professor of
 I Chemistry Pheramey.and Professor of Physical
 i Se lf ce if Collie, Ga., ,oge 25
 Df-foA”. «Ktor of the British and For-
 I Medial Review, ta an able article on the coa
 i dition and function of the akin, says: Perhaps
 there is scarcely any disease ia which the foon
 dob of the shin is not, to soma extent, deranged-
 Jo what extent, physicians have not bestowed suf
 ficient pains to learn; nor have they been eeeastomed
 give much attention to tide pert, ia the practical
 wvesugauoi, of diseases. Physiology
 teaches as that it is the Vehicle for Conveying out
 i of the system a large amtaasof matter, as well solid
 1«* liquid; aid pruoied experience exhibits it as
 the channel through which Uw matent* morU in
 muny instances, and the burthen of plethora gene
 rtUy, find their exit.” f
 The. Loodou Sim, aJKid.ag to the dmeevery of
 voltaic electricity hv Alfred Same, Sargeoo to the
 Bank of Engbad, says: By a test which he terms
 j efectro-rokaic, he has satisfied himself that die ter
 cut nations of the sensor nerve* are poeitire pole* of
a voltaic circuit, white the mtwuluv «A»tino&gt; i» ih
 negative pole. The user nerves are the telegraph?
 which carry the ssaaatinw to the brats. mad the b*o»&lt;h
 nerve# carry hack the votir»o*i to the ttHtfcle#.’' .Vx
 N. Y. Tribute, April 7, 1940.
 Dr. Holiirk, on the sutyect of electricity, remark*
 There is no agent that affects the bodymnee, V&lt;ott
 naturally and artificially See hts wmk oa \&gt;o&gt;
 ropathj, published in Philadelphia in 1547, p. IS7
 The following extract is from an interesting arti
 cle on electricity, copied by the S. V. Joan I o
 Commerce from a foreign Scientific I n«* 1
 do not prefer* I to **y that a deficie«ey of iktrirh
 may not occur in orte pwrt of the homm body,.
 an exerts ta some other part, for a time, mud th..
 thi« may not be the cause of diseiue, nod the restn
 ration of the equdtbrium the cure; I think ihi* mo*
 likely, ead that it i* upon thia principle, in a grew
 mcaswue, that tlie wotnlerfu! effectj ft ricclc mag
 net ism, in the core of diiewse, are to be explained
 It ia certaia that, when our electrical machine* an
 taoat actively productive, we all frel *isforcw*
 Our nervous *&gt;itmn are then nxet firm- our diges
 live orgu*s tno-t active; our tamds must clear
 ATHOL WATER (THE*
 THE Subscriber begs leave to call tie attenticr
 of Invalid*, especially those utffering frrm
 chronic disease, to his hydropathic establishment ir
 Athol, Mass.
 His house was opened for the reception of patient*
 last season, and it is believed offers excellent facili
 ties for a philosophic and thorough course in hydro
 pathy. I*ue supply of water is abundant, ami in
 puritv has been pronounced equal to water on a
 distilled-’* T be location is quite eligible, being hw
 a short distance from the V. k M railroad. Tin
 vicinity abounds in a variety of areaerv, arid ha
 charming grounds for walks and ramble*. So tha
 with the water, suitable regiuien, mountain air. am
 exercise, patients can scarcely fail to obtain tin
 healthful results for which they labor.
 The following case illustrates this remark. Mrs
 8., wife of De«. 8., of Warwick, Maas., a#ri
 about thirty-five years, was brought to roe for
 August. Her case presented the following pheno
 mens, [{placed in an erect position, and left mi
 supported, she forthwith fell backward to tin
 ground. If being well supported, ehe made at
 effort to walk, either foot, "ben carried forward
 despite her efforts to the contrary, would crocs tin
 other. She had been in this condition nearlv i
 year. Her treatment commenced the 16th of Sept,
 and was continued to the 25th Oct. only, when eh
 left, so far recovered as to be able to walk half
 mile with ease. Since her return to her lamilv, ih
 has continued her baths, with corresponding iai
 provement to her health. She now attends to he
 doincitic duties, and with the assistance of n rmal
 girl, does the work of her family.
 Patients arc desired to bring three comfortables
 one pair of w’oollen blankets, one pair of sheets
 half a dozen towels marked, with old linen to
 bandagea.
 Terms, from five to ten dollars per week, accord
 ing to the necessities or choice of the patient
 Those who are less particular in the selection c
 rooirs, or are willing to occupy them in comtno
 with others, will be charged less.
 Athol, March, 1848. GEORGE HOYT.
 British Periodical Literature.
 'Die London Quarterly Renew, the Edinburgh Review
 The North British Review, the Westminster Renew
 and Blackwood's Edinburgh Magazine.
 THE wide-spread fame of these splendid period!
 cals renders ii needless to say much in their praise
 As literary organs, they stand far in advance o
 anvt- ing of the sort now published, w hile the polit
 iral complexion of each is marked by a dignity
 candor, and forbearance, not often found in work
 of a party character.
 They embrace the views of the three great pnrtie
 in England—Tory, Whig, and Radical. Black
 wood and the London Quarterly are Tory; th
 Edinburgh Review Whig; and the Westmin
 ster Review Radical. The North Britidi Re
 view is more of a religious character, having lice
 originally edited by Dr- Chalmers, and now, sine
 his death, being conducted try his son-in-law, i&gt;i
 Hanna, associated with Sir David Brewster. It
 literary character is of the very highest order. Th
 VV estininster, though reprinted tin er that title onlj
 is pnbliseed in England under the title of The Fot
 eign Quarterly ana Westminster—it being in fact
 union of the two Reviews formerly republished an
 reprinted under separate titles. It has, therefore
 the advantage by this combination of uniting in on
 work the best features of both as heretofoie issuer
 The above Periodicals are reprinted iu New Vnri
 immediately on their arrival by the British steamers
 in a beautiful lear type, on fine white paper, an
 are faithful copies of the originals, Blackwood'
 Magazine, being an exact facsimile of the Edinburg
 edition.
 PRICES FOR 1849, (if subscribed for early.
 For any one of the four Reviews, $3 00 per annum
 For any two do 6 00
 For any three do 7 00
 For all four of the Reviews, 8 00
 For Blackwood’s Magazine, 3 00
 For Blackwood and the 3 Reviews, 9 00
 For Blackwood ft the 4 Review s, 10 00
 Payment s to be made in all cases in a dram
 CLUBBING.
 Four copies of any or all the above works will
 sent to one address on payment of die regular bu
 scription for three—the fourth copy being gratis.
 EARLY COPIES.
 A late arrangement with the British publishers
 Blackwood’s Magazine secures to us early sheets
 that work, by which we shall be able to place tl
 entire number in the hands of subscribers before ar
 Jortion of it can be reprinted in any of the America
 ournals. For Uiis and other advantages secured i
 our subscribers we pay so large a consideration, thi
 we may be compelled to raise the price of the Mag;
 zine. "Therefore we repeat subscribe early whi
 the price is low.
 Remittances and communications should be
 addressed, post-paid or franked, to the publishers,
 LEONARD SCOTT CO.
 70 Fulton street, New York.
 Asylum for the Sick who have been con
 fined to their beds trom 1 to 30 years.
 DR. HAMIL TON’S Hydropathic and Anyalyti
 Asylum, No 217 Exchange Street, opposite U
 Orphan Asylum, Rochester, N.Y. This lnstitulic
 is now firmly established sod in aucce.-sful open
 tion. The proprietor analyzes eveiy disear r hat
 admitted there, and applies the natural ana appri
 priate remedy. Although water is used in every wa
 that is applied in any water-cure establishment!
 the United States, yet the proprietor wishes it to I
 expressly understood that it is nut relied on as the &lt;mi
 or principal temedy in the treatment of disease eut
 l muted to his care.
 This Establishment is designed for that class
 invalids who have failed to obtain their Irealth by a
 other systems of practice, and are still unable i
 walk or stand on their feet, and are confined to the
 beds, wearing out a life of misery and suffering wiri
 out any hope ofever hemgany better.
 The remedies made use of in this Institution n&lt;
 only entirely remove di«ea&gt;e hut give increase
 I strength and'elasticity to the system.' Many hav
 been brought here from different purrs of the corn
 try. »'ho bad neither walked or borne tlieir weigl
 on tlieir feel from five to fifteen years; aud som
 who have been unable to dress or undrew, or *v»
 to feed themselves, and in the course of a few week
 would be walking with the elasticity of youth an
 the quickness of a pedestrian, .uUqusbed at then
 selves, and surprising their friends and all who sat
 them when they first came. The treatment &lt;4 tin
 Institution is particularly calculated to remove tii
 diseases peculiar to females, such as
 Ist. The foiling of the V\ omb, in all its ztage
 j and conditions in patients, from twelve years of ag
 up to sixty, and even if they have been routined t
 i their bens from one to twenty, unable to stand, walk
 drees, or undress themselves, or even too feeble t
 j bear any noise or speak aloud.
 2d. Weakness and Falling of the Bowels; Pai
 in the Side, Shoulders, Back ami Head- Spine
 j Diseases, Liver Complaints, Sinking Sensation a
 the Stomach, Palpitation ot tne Heart, Dy«pep»i
 ia ail iu forms and stages, Piles, Costiveness, l&gt;i
 anrbosa, Suppression of the Menses, Exeessiv
 i Menstruation, Whites, all Nervous Diseases, Coi
 Feet and ends, Bt. Anthony's Dance, Tetters o
 all kinds, Salt Rheum, ie its worn forms. Neural
 1 gis, Tie Douloureux, Rheumatism, Coastunpiiod u
 its fit st stages, General Weakness aud Debility.
 The proprietor boa given his whole attention v
 I the above diseases for Ute last t en years, and fo*
 j treated them in an entirely different »«y from
 other private practice or public Institute* »n tun
 country; and sock has been bis snecess, “»d so ccr
 tain are Ilia remedies in their effect* on those du
 j eases, that instead of publlshinga long list of cer
 tified cures, he wishes to give thnt class of tnvahdi
 siting id phtam lmmiwJi &lt;t luflKicfii juir&amp;QUM
 aiaioftt soy fabe euf gem lion, impo
 saiouor deception* so that no one need be to am
 expense in this Institution wit hoot being beoefim
 Tbs proprietor will enter into a special contrac
 with may one who wishes to do so, that ha will e&gt;i
 mu info tha Insulation, to advance the tnonev am
 psy *U the expenses from any part of the Cutlet
 .Stiles here and back buna again, before be coat
 ntencet the tieaMumt, aad give a bond to board them
 togethet with bis profi ssiwnal services, for nothing
 if be dnee not help them according to contract Am
 one thinking the above proposition not a suUk-ten
 guarantee against oust ep. esentotious and expenw
 without receiving equal benefit, cm let the prop***
 I tor know what wil he sausfoctory, and it shall U
 duly ou aideted.
 This Institution has grown op from privet*[pw
 1 tree by the iafiaeace of ttooee who have heea helpet
 here, aa nothing has ever Isw published before
 wad the aroprwtor ewaaa that it shall swum ttsel
 by iu owu menu, or pay the eapenw of tkuee wfe
 flhooooto waken eoat-aet m caeo of foßura. 1b
 t 4 (his Circular ia not to make known tb
 t cure* that hare been made in this mstitutioo, becao*
they n&gt;»i «n«n lir but ktit v r ~f f
 extensively km.iw-,i i*&lt; ?Rt )»».r ..iifTmag inalhb
 that t»t» «prut JjrpKJrw!* of (Wtir« io n-v.n*
 other Wl«w i ictice, and without much a* aiu
 henefn, and •till «rr »in confined la their bed*
 *0 t«*«lv ww», tbs! Sbcte t* m f»*t, ruttor
 wboae treatment .u*i* rest It air. other.■&gt;.** &gt;v
 I’nttcd States. a i- adapted!;,
 gifnatian, and mi, »v* ii mw| them nothin* u ,p
 dtv art neater ialiy u i,p- i.
 f iftm tl-e nature ofuraiironl i-, *i.*# limitation
 the t itober of patient* must he limited, theref-.,,.
 prmr *!.a ducanut solicit the o| v
 ndir.:iry rj»«e* which may he easily Yelped! f !)w
 system* of pnwlift; nor deft hr want any ,1
 ro»», wale** Ibry with ta gel xfii, atui are
 to he nvuie well roough to walk from hve t 0
 mile at .a tin e, and follow it rp day after
 f uc&lt; e* u»n; and atm wHtieg to bo trade j ,n
 dart a mooli &gt;aU&gt;r on&lt;l fatigrp a* f
 that call then wlvpt «r!i, a* he nw&lt;t r ji.sr
 OHO that C f *e* 1 hi■ «fb a Ihor.aigh n un*- .t rre,
 in i|te Analytic In-uituti-.n ah,:’ .f M&gt;H j n 1 nt
 rieaae.l M.et.gti, elasticity of «v t,V»&gt;re,V"f
 texture, capability 1 1 cm iirsrve, j, lWj im
 health, that tbe iieptirw ol ns lh;« T^‘!
 c«l on the it mini t bat of orgaa-je,- m
 it* superiority over every s ,iJ 8
 fere it &gt;y&lt;:em oi pracl cc.
 All c**roroaiiir*lioi&gt;s addressed to Dr TUovtu
 HAMILTON, Rochester, pmt paid, ml! r&lt;rf
 immediate attention. If rr.pwr.od, ref. »p fH Vl
 lie made to those who Imre Iron he pe in to..
 tution an aHo good reference* a* to respond n v
 ortho proprietor to mee t the aioro r\r&lt; iwi if
 requirrtj.
PITS.'FITSHI

itoi i cguaiiii* hxiiaii
 Ifl the only t. me. ,h VI reiie.l. i for the
 pernmnert nirr of f-pn-i, ehc unction-. Irrit*
 noi “T, Ne,v Neiv..u* or Siek Ufa a. he
 Aeiv. us tremor-, .Neuralgic Aiieciion., Cenerr
 I&gt;ebi!itx, Deficiency ot .Nmnr. end l’h\Vcai fn*.-
 gy, ami all .Nnrvott D«-order*, oicladtnr the n,«it
 dread tu lof alt dVca*c u. it -i,.. tie huui.ut t xe~-
 S H\ irrir .1 f
 i’ouvuhioiw, Spa-n. ,&amp;c In? «dl known, Um:
 from time mmieut- tial, »‘h\ .euu have prone meed
 Epileptic Fit* inciiruhle it 1•• t affied all i.■*
 ’kill, and the boaxted power f all medicnt'-, ‘-'i
 con eijui mU thm: I: .d t,.,\c if.»i-e,i through av
 cral.le e-,; t, ~ce, a at t v ..I np tl.e-.r hr,, Wl
 1 u r'" r cf V 1 ,M I n l h rof the. Vegct
 able Extract, how. .Vlujc,
 that it can t. Dr ..1,1. tjie.rlorc,
 fully unite pin ,riur, .nd ill other who are ,m C r
 c"te.l.toevH.n„ loete u.nouv win h n here Ofcr.-.i
 It .t is deception, I, t V- Af llilt
 trite, then in the mine oi huinaintv, no |.&gt;n rt rl l
 lie 3U1.1 that Ep.lef ,y u.cmablc
 /w Y, g «&lt;M, Fun, —For Mvtrcn rear,
 lu; beentPdPdbi. many fa t iH who hare
 ‘heaiil.il .h md in r wer? cn*e whet,
 it has had a tin i• ,„i In, i
 cul#&gt; n pernmiutni
 &lt;’ol. Dn- low- of „h. \e, v Vork tale. Unt
 his dauglitoi has lieen atttin. ,1 wni, I'm t ln rt
 than nine y. a, .and ho he. mwd f, v ,I M v c
 the egetai.lr
 .Mrs. J. Bradey, 11a Orchard 'trrci. New York
 states thill she has Ven «u»*j,.-t t„ l( f IT nii nv
 years, and has Uen restored *o jieifeet health ,t, P r
 every other mean* had tailed) the „t the
 Vegetable Extract.
 Dr. Charles A. Brown, of Dover. Rim ell c.&gt;
 Alahama, who is one of the la st I'hxfirians m th.
 State, says that he has been nnieli* IwnrHited l&gt;v ils
 use of the Vegetable Extract, and that he unhesitat
 ngiv preserdes it in every ease of Epilepsy which
 comes under hi- knowledge.
 Curtis Ci Maxlierrv, E«rp. farnr.erly PoMma let
 at l.imc Mills, raw ford t Pa., now Imng
 Eric Co., Pa., states that |V»t many y-ar t i ast
 ha* l»een sorely afflieted w ith I ds, and he n R 0
 happy to state that a per.a veving use ol Dr Hail's
 Vegetable I vlract. In restored him to round he alth,
 being entirely freed from that worst „f all diseases.
 Judge Randall, .N. nGli.mv stmt, .New York
 having iwc.l tin* Vegetable Extract snrre-di|j| v m
 his r.mily, liigii!-, ircntimu nds it to all person* "who
 arc aftliete.l u it K Pit...
 .M. Stephen F.. Pratt, comrr of Sixth Arcmie
 and Twenty-Sixth street, .New \crk, .anus ti, at
 Mr. f lias, Ji. Houghton, ait ember «,this i.uinMii.
 been so severely alilicte.l with Epileptic I m (ot
 many years, that lie tva obliged to relinqnirh
 business. Having used Dr. Hut’s Vegetal ip E\.
 tract (says Mr. Pratt,) he was sroi, restored to
 perfect health, and left this eitv for the St«« ~t
 Ohio to resume his business.
 Rev. Mr. Smith, Rector of St IVtci-; Clmrco,
 Spots wood, .New Jersey, who hay been Hiihcled
 with Epileptic Fits for more than forty rears, tale*
 that he has used Dr. Hart’s egetaldc fextrnrt, and
 hia liealtli has been so much improved that he hupej
 by Divine blessing, to have no more Fits.
 Epileptic Fiti —For twenty-seven years and six
 months, cured by the use of this truly wonderful
 medicine.
 Reud the following re mark aide &gt;u e of the »on of
 I Win. Secure, Esq, of Philadelphia, nftlirted with
 Epileptic Fits twenty-seven years and six months,
 After travelling through England, Scotland, (jet
 many and Frattce, consulting the most eminent
 physicians, au&lt;i exjM-iuling for lucdirine, medical
 treatment and advice three thousand dollar return, d
 j w ith his son to this country in November last, w ill.
 out receiving any benefit whatever, and was cured
 Iby using Hart's Vtgrtablt Extract. —l Imre *pci.t
 over three thousand dollars for nret.icine and luemcai'
 attendance. 1 was advised to take a lour to tu
 rope wuh him which I did. 1 first visitml EngUudJ
 1 consulted the most eminent physicians there in
 respect to his ease; they examined him and presrii
 bed accordingly!. I remained there thr(* moniiii
 without perceiving any liange f&lt;-r the better, winch
 cost me about two hundred and fifty dollars, pod
 ded by the physicians, and the most that I ivceired
 was their opinion that my non 'r, en&gt; w«« hoiwlsts,
 and POSIiIV’ELV EN( I, KABLE. I accordingly
 1 left England travelled through Jicotland, Hrrnunv
 and France, nud returned home i 0 the inontli
 j November last, with my eon as far from being stated
 as when 1 left, I saw- join advertisement in yne of
 the New York papers, and concluded to try Hart's
 1 Vegetable Extract, seeing vour statenie/il.i and
 ceitihcatcn of so many cure*, ome of twenty "nd
 thirty years standing, and I can j-..&gt;nre you l nm not
 sort yj did so, as by rjte, use of Hart 5 VegHalilo
 Extract alone he was* ti-nored to PEHEt'CTf’
 HEALTH His reason, which w.n so (nr gomt a* to
 unfix him for business is entire/} rcztmed, with the
 j prospect now lielore him oi' hie, health and useful
 nest He is now 2S year; ol ge» snd 27 veais fi
 months of tins time in’ /j««» afflicted with thu
 i most dreadful of uiica.c-, but thank God u now
 enjoying good health
 1 Now, sir, faith without work- l don't believe
 in. To say I shall he ever grateful to von n on*
 thing, and e 1 here cue in e you oue hundred ifolari,
 I have no doubt hut •on will think fins another aad
 I quite a different thing The debt of vratiiudc 1 fuff
 1 owe vou; but pka c accept thrv amount a&gt; —t
 on the debt m advance.
 Yours, verv re ja ctfullv,
 (signed) tt IEEIAM .SErORE.
 TESTIMONY I FUN TES TIMONY
 In reference to tiic almost miraculous eltn ac? &lt;*t
 this truly wonderful medicine, riad ibt lolinwißg
 letter from Dr. W. L. Monroe, oi GmltOii, Ohm,
 oia; of the m&lt;&gt; t t mauni physicians in that place
 Guilford, Ohio, Yuyu-i 17, Ixio
 Brother lalmrer in the t aws* **f hmnanity—l*ear
 sir; It is with no sin.dl ol pka'-uit- that I
 am eoabkd to annouiut- to yon ilncomplete uuuiij.*-
 of your mvaliwlJe medicine in t t*c- oi Epikpy I
 I, eve preserilxd it in fiur un-'.iiK» j in tm, vicinity.
 iu»d it has been highly -ik-i in all l/irre
 the patients, I trust, have been radrally comt
 ’l lie IbuiUi one is rapidly improving, and
 think without doubt recover I “u net »i 0 lw
 of prescribing or reconnnendic;' pHtmi
 but wlten 1 -ee an Kruciv wln&lt; ptotiJW*' *o
 for the rebel of sufieimg uuu .unty, I t*&lt; luS
 to recommend it, and I have no besitatun ut
 mg llmt as soon a the Ueuity ate &gt;w-&gt; acq'i*
 with the real merit of your
 close their eye- against prejinfice acd
 helping hand.
 I subscribe inyseif vours, smeerelv,
 (Signed) \V. L. Mn.NKOE, M b
 To Dr. Haft* New York.
 THE TIME Iff NOT FAR DISTANT
 \Y lien thousands who an- now ticmWitig
 1 the J«atx! of this dreadful diseav, urvl feanug
 cverv atmdk may prove fatal, wilt find permaaf* 1
 relief and be r*aiored to »&lt;»w hie, by t»*mg
 cclabrat. ti nae^Jiciße
 OVER ONE 11 JO (.RAND CERTIITCA rt»
 Have lie*a received in testimony of tfit_ UcoetM m
 result produced bv the u-c ol Dr- Hart* egeta
 bte Extract. __
 (0- Prepared by S HART, M»&gt; N ew Wk.
 Price, one package
 Du four package" J J
 Do etxnt package* w
 ■vj, 11 I, «afei»hv packed up ui boxes lor Uuns
 porutiou, and semi u&gt; a«v part of the l mud
 Tex**. Mexi'-o, awl West E.d«r&lt;
 'JtIuMAK MILS, IbS Main *ir«et. C*s
 cinnati, Ohio, General Agents for the I’aitai
 Iguac*. whom all roujai'jnjn»tioot n»u*t be
 tlre***d J’o»t
 A If D Sands Cort M-r of Fulton au I n dlnun.M,
 N&gt;* York.
 |i, NVadt, Main k St. Paul- IE iwswr.
 C' MuUidge, 217 Ytain street liu/Talo,
 H. E. Oayiurd, A yarn tor Gleverami Otu
 Fay 4c Kdlbowrna. CvmmUu,
 j, ti k Q, li Hill, Detroit, Micliij»i!.'
 YY in Cimninftmui, Miliwaulue NY is
 J. K Raed, and Co Llucago 111.
 Doct T. M uou, l&gt;uiita,ue Tow j
 J 11. ttbekiley, WKI Vo., St. Louis Mo
 t And M ttul* by oimM of iue pcuKipaJ
 tkraughout the l luted Stale*
 THCmA-S ft MILLS.IBB Mam *utet,
 ,1 Sep. 1) Cmcmuati.Dtuv
