thf_v would demand. Are such men to be
 bended forth a* Man’* best champions 1 Are
 tbe» to be declaimed about, written and rang
 about, as the real heroes of our race We
 shall weaken Christianity, and impair true
 morality, and lessen all true gteatneee, juat
 in proportion as we seek thus to exalt the
 false over the true
 Moat true, and beyond contradiction Our
 only wonder is, that one who can aee so clear
 ly and express himself so pointedly, can be
 found in the ranks of a political party. The
 day of trial will perhaps come in Ohio. Will
 the editor of the True Democrat and the Free
 Soiiera of Ohio stand fast by their creed
 then' We hope they will, or learn that
 there is a higher and more prevailing power
 than the ballot-box aid political action.—j. n.
“Colored Persons, in the eye or thi
 I&lt;AW, AND BY THE DECISIONS OF OUR CofRTS,
 Ap.r NOT citizens.”— Boston Atlas.
 'I he Emancipator and Republican replie*
 to this assertion by asking the following
 qriejrtions
 1. What section of the Constitution ofth«
 1 r.ited .States denies the citizenship of an in
 habitant of Massachuaetts on account of coloi
 —or which authorize? Congress to enact lawi
 to that effect 7
 2. Has Congress passed such laws—if so,
 when T
 3. When did the Supreme Court of th«
 1. nited States decide that an inhabitant o
 Massachusetts waa not a citizen on account o
 color—and where can that decision be found
 4. What section of the Constimtion of Mas
 aachuaetta denies the citizenship of an inhabi
 tant of the State on account of color—or au
 thorizee the legislature to enact laws to that
 effect 7
 4' Has the legislature of Maesachuaetti
 passed such laws—if so, when
 6. W r hen did the Supreme Court of Massa
 chuaetts decide that an inhabitant of the Stati
 was not a citizen on account of color—ant
 where can such decision be found 7
 These questions, so far as we can judge,
 seem to be scarcely germane to the cave,
 ihere is a defat to as well as ad» jure view
 of the subject, as w e believe lawyers express
 themselves, or in other word* .the matter ol
 fact as well as the matter of law, to be taken
 into consideration. The one in some measure
 throws light upon the other. As a matter of fact,
 it is abundantly evident that colored persona
 are not citizens of the United States. A chat
 tie is not a citizen. A slave is not a citizen.
 A person who is denied the right of citizen
 ship, in despite of all that Massachusetts may
 say to the contrary is not a citizen. United
 Stales Jaw authorizes slavery, else, how is it
 that slaves are held, and the perpetrators of
 that wickedness are not brought to justice,
 t nited States law, in one shape or another,
 either by allowing the separate States to make
 unjust laws for themselves, or by the direct
 contract of confederation, allows New York
 and other States to deny to the colored man
 the rights of citizenship, unless he is possesses
 of a certain number of dollars worth of real
 estate. But what we arc particularly inter
 ested in, is the fact of the matter. Colored
 persons arc not citizens of thc United States.
 Either according to law or against law, the
 colored man is robbed of this light. If against
 law ,of what value is the law 7 It may as
 well have no existence. A law is of little
 use unless the moral sense of the majority is
 on a level with its requirements. Laws that
 are either above or below the moral sense of
 the community, as might be shown by num
 berless illustrations, are mere waste parch
 ment. Create in the community an incorrup
 tible sense of justice, and what /ate says on the
 subject will be a matter of very secondary im
 portance.—J. D.
Williams's Panorama of the Biulf.—
 This splended effort of genius was exhibited
 in this city last week, and the week preced
 ing, and we believe received a consideiabls
 share of public patronage; though we are
 very certain not rnoie than it deserved. It is
 a work of great magnitude, and must have
 cost the artist years of patient and enduring
 labor. Some of the scenes in the painlin g
 are beyond aM praise; and without pretend
 ing to know how to talk learnedly about
 tone and coloring—Raphael—( ’orreggio—the
 old Masters, &amp;c., wo may say, that we have
 an idea of our ow n, and can tell as well as
 another when a work of art comes up to our
 standard. .Nature is the model by which the
 painter is or ought to be guided, if a pain
 ting is not natural, it is not good, let who
 will affirm to the contrary. It is exceeding
 ly difficult when looking at this picture, to di
 vest one's self of the idea that the trees are
 real; that the green lawns are real; and if
 the sound of water were heard, the represen
 tation of “the river that flowed fast by the ora
 cle of God,” might be thought to be real also.
 The artist s idea of paradise, however, is quite
 too sensuous for our notion of things. For
 that perhaps, he is in some measure indebted
 to Milton. Happy, intelligent beings, as
 our first patents are supposed to have been,
 could have got along passably well, without
 auch a profusion of sweets, and flowers,
 and verdant lawns. But withal, it is very
 beautiful, and one might be almost content,
 under strong temptatioo, to compound for
 a life of activity by dreaming away an exist
 ence amid just auch scenes.
 We heartily commend this work of art to
 oui readers. The three evenings that we
 spent in looking at it, we think were well dis
 posed of. Let nofone wrho'hasan opportunity of
 seeing the panorama fail to do so. Mr. Wil
 liam's next stopping place will be Geneva.—
 j. o.
Glba.—This island is 624 miles in extreme
 length, wnh a width varying from 22 to 117
 mile*, and covers an area of 37,000 square
 milits, being about the size of the State of
 Maine. It contains a population, at the pre
 seibt time, of 1,400,000 of which about 610,-
 iiim i nte are colored, and
 OOU 000 slave*. lis imports, m 1847, were
 $£2,380,119, of which $7,049,976 were
 Jrrnn the Lnited States. It* exports during
 the same period were $27,998,770, of which
 '2,394,870 were to the United States. In
 1647 the uumber of arrivals at its ports was
 3740, and the number of clearances 3346,
 lu principal harbors are the finest in the
 woxld. The amount of American tonnage
 employed in the trade with Cuba is 476,773
 tons. It has 196 miles of railroad completed
 and in successful operation, and 16 miles in
 course of construction. It is well watered by
 notu' wou a( l if* surface, except in
 th« cei.' u P° r, on of iha island, diversified
 wuh mou. n, I,i n &gt;y two-fifths of its sur
 face are culti*'** I®'' 1 Gf the remaining three
 fifths, new uoua*N». on 13 ptobably worthless,
 leaning one-half of agricultural resources
 undeveloped. The cl‘**o genial, that
 it yield two crops- in a y H l of many of its
 productions, it also abounds in materials for
 manufacturing purposes, snd Ms mountains
 contain mines of copper, which ate worked
 to coqtidejsbif advantage.— Volt, 'Frans,

Fore if* Newt of Ike Week.
 The Europe arrived at her wharf in East
 Boston, on Wedeneeday of laat week, eftei
 an unusually short passage of eleven days,
 and brings intelligence one write later from
 Europe.
 England. There is a total lack of newi
 from England. English papers are for the
 moat part filled op with matters of merely
 local interest. The Hungarian defeat, the
 Queen’s visit to Scotland, the Pease Cong
 ress at Paris, and the cholera seem to sup
 ply the chief topics of discussion. Sympa
 thy with the Hungarians, if the papers may
 be understood to represent the people, is the
 almost universal feeling expressed by the
 English public. The Peace Congress attract!
 a large share of attention and if its mem
 bers set upon the suggestion of Mr. Cobden,
 to keep up an anti-loan agitation, it will at
 tract still more attention. This is a phase ol
 the subject, which probably has not occurred
 to some who are loud in denunciations ol the
 horrors of war, and eloquent in declamation
 on the beauties of peace. Gentiles not lesi
 than Jews, are willing to lend money t*
 Governments, and receive the "consideration”
 for it, asking no question*, for consciencr
 sake, of the use made thereof. It is very
 evident that war has been the chief, if noi
 f the only cause why England and other nationi
 1 of Europe, have had to borrow at all. Thc
 prevention of war will undoubtedly pievem
 the further extension of the loan system
 We rather opine that thta new view of thc
 Peace agitation will check the ardor of some
 of its Jewish promoters. Bankers and stock
 jobbers will now at all events, if they have
 not before, eome to the conclusion that Mr
 Cobden is a fool, a madman, a dangeroui
 political demagogue, who ia aiming to tutt
 the world up-aide down, and render property
 insecure. The majority of the people wil
 aee though their motives, and laugh at theii
 pretended expreaeiona of fear; and the ohil
 anthropic of all classes, whether interested oi
 not, will, we trust, merge their individuality
 in the welfare of the race, and join heart and
 hand with Mr. Cobden in a crusade against
 National Loans, as a most effective means, ol
 checking war at the root, by cutting ofT its
 supplies. No doubt there are many other
 ways in which money-lenders may dispose
 of their surplus funds, but this is one of the
 most profitable and secure; and they know
 well, that the greater the competition, the
 richer their gains. The idea is a good one;
 and in so far as it is successful, will be matter
 of rejoicing. Even should it not effect all
 that it proposes, if it only in eome degree takes
 from Governments, the immense power for
 mischief placed at their disposal by the loan
 system, it will havo done something—much,
 to bring about a better state of things for thc
 suffering masses.
 In London, the deaths from Cholera during
 the week were 1,276, and from all diseases,
 2,457; which is an increase of 228 on the
 total mortality of the preceding week, and an
 increase of 47 in the deaths by cholera.
 A murder, committed under unusually atro
 cious circumstances, has just been discovered
 in London. The discovery and apprehension
 of the murderer who was a woman, give a
 lemarkable illustration not only of the unani
 mity with which all parties in the government
 service in that coantry lend their aid in pro
 moting the ends of law, but also of tho won
 derful practical advantages of steam and elec
 tricity. The chief actor in the horrible tragedy
 was the wife of a man named Manning. The
 man himself had also a share in it, though
 as a secondary actor. Patrick O’Connor,
 their victim, was a guager in the London
 Custom House, and had accumulated about
 £‘3ooo, for which he was murdered. He
 seems to have been intimate with Mrs. Man
 ning and the last time he was seen slive,
 was in her back parlor on the evening of
 Thursday August 9th. The next morning
 O’Connor was absent from his duty at the
 Docks. The same for several days after, be
 fore his friends expressed any alarm on his
 account. On the Tnesday following, in
 quiries were made for him at the house of
 Mrs. Manning, which were answered by her
 with coolness and composure. Suspicions
 were thus lulled to sleep. Two days after,
 the police paid a second visit to the house,
 and found it deserted. They then com
 menced searching the premises, and found the
 body of the murdered man, under the floor of
 the back kitchen, which was paved with flag
 stones. Previous to her flight, Mrs. Man
 ning had called at the lodgings of O’Connor,
 and opening his drawers, carried off all their
 valuable contents. There is nothing very re
 markable in all this. It is simply a new
 exhibition of an oft repeated tragedy. The
 remarkable part of the story is the capture of
 the murderer. Where the guilty parties had
 gone, no one knew. It was at first rumored
 that they had sailed for America by a vessel
 fiom London. A communication was then
 made to the Admiral of the Port, and he
 immediately ordered out a steam Yacht, in
 pursuit of the Victoria, the vessel in which
 two persons bearing the name of the accused
 had taken passage for New York. The flay
 following, the steam-yacht came up with the
 Victoria, but the objects of her search were
 noion board, and she immediately beat back
 to Southampton, where a steam-sloop was
 getting teady to join in the chase. This at
 tempt havmg failed, an officer was dispatched
 to the continent, but coukl find no trace of the
 fugitives; but the driver of the hackney
 coach who conveyed Mrs. Manning to the
 railway station, having been discovered, it
 was ascertained that she had gone to Scotland.
 A telegraphic message to this effect was in
 stantly sent off to Edinburgh, tad before an
 hour had elapsed, an answer was received,
 communicating her appiehension. Mi. Man
 ning was traced to the island of Jersey .where
 he was trying to get to France. Thus is
 British justice aided by .its two new auxilia
 ries, steam and electricity.
 Joseph Hume, M. P., elates in a letterthat
 has been published, that he shall yearly, as
 long as be has s seat in the House of Com
 mons, bring forward the motion tor parlia
 mentary reform, which he has placed on the
 books of the House of Commons for the next
 session.
 Fiance. The question of Rome causes
 great embarrassment to the French Govern
 ment. A dispatch has been received from
 Gen. Oudinot, in which he says that the
 Cardinals act according to the inspirations of
 the Austrian Minister, and that if they are
 permitted to go oq w they wish, the blood in
the streets would be up to the ancles.” The
 Cabinet, it ia said, are alarmed at these reac
 tionary symptoms, and have sent orders to
 Gen. Oudinot not to allow any political exe
 cutions to take place while the French army
 is at Rome. In an election for Members of
 the Council General, M. Guizot, who was a
 candidate, only obtained 310 votes, while his
 competitor, M. Thirau. a notary, was elected
 by a majority of 007.
 Hungary. The intelligence from this quar
 ter, which it was expected wonld clear np all
 doubts, is still very unsatisfactory. Wilmer
 It Smith’s Times says
 We have very little to add to the un
 toward news, communicated in our last, of the
 unconditional surrender of the whole Hun-
 Kian force* under the Dictator, Gorgey.—
 e fact has been confirmed in a variety of
 modes, bat ws seek in vain for any satisfac
 tory explanation of the events which led to
 the final catastrophe.’’
 Comoro still holds out, undeT the protection
 of the Hungarian garrison commanded by
 Gen. Klapka. A letter has been addressed
 by Gorgey, Jto Gen. Klapka, commanding
 him to surrender the foitress of Comoro, and
 put an end to the war. Of the terms on which
 the war is concluded, the Cologne Gazette
 says: “Hungary, with all its dependencies,
 is independent of Austria. Nevertheless, the
 title of King of Hungary remains to the Em
 peror. The Hungarian Kingdom stands in
 the same relation to Russia and Austria as the
 Danubian principalities do to Russia and the
 Sublime Porte. Accounts from Turkey
 state that Bern and Kossuth had arrived at
 Adrianople, where they have embarked in an
 English ship.— J. d.
We have been requested to give publicity
 to thc following Repudiation,’’ through the
 columns of our paper. We do not at present
 understand the merits of the case, and cannot
 be expected to take sides with either party;
 but, as we are informed by the Committee that
 the A. M. E. Zion Church have no organ of
 their own through which to defend themselves,
 we shall be happy to publish such articles as
 they may desire, if of reasonable length, and
 of sufficient public interest to warrant their
 insertion in the North Sar.— i. n.
Repudiation.
 Mr. Editor: —lt is now pretty generally
 conceded by those who have impartially inves
 tigated the subject, that we, as a people, can
 never become elevated in common w ith others
 until we, like them, become united; so that
 wherever a spirit of disorganization is mani
 fested, whether in church or state, among the
 laity or among the clergy, it is regarded as
 being at war with the common interest of our
 race.
 We hold, therefore, that wherever a
 church is found to be a party with those who
 are united against our common good, she is
 heterodox to the doctrines of the Bible, and
 justly merits the appellation of hypocrite. As
 the authorized representatives of that portion
 of the colored people, composing one of the
 grand divisions of the church, in this country,
 we shall show that that party which, through
 public periodicals, spoke loud and long on the
 advantages of a union of the two connections,
 was the first to throw obstacles in the way of
 its consummation, and then, to conceal their
 gyiilt, they falsely charge the innocent.
 It is a well known fact, that the Rev. M.
 M. Clark, Willis Nazarey, and Dr. J. J. G.
 Bias, of the A. M. E. Connection, and Rev.
 I. 1. Moor, Win. Jones, and Edward John
 son, of the late A. M. E. Zion Connection,
 met in convention, for the purpose of adopting
 some means by which to effect a union of the
 two connections. And it is our opinion, that
 if the said contemplated union had been ef
 fected, it would not only have proved a bless
 ing to the two connections, but must have en
 hanced the interest of the colored people in
 the general. We cannot but believe that the
 motives of the above named gentlemen were
 pure. But, unfortunately for the interest of
 the church, most unfortunately for the moral
 as well as political interest of our race in
 America, a spirit of a different nature mani
 fested itself in an assertion emanating from a
 minister occupying no low station in the A. M.
 E„Church, the purport of which was, that the
 A. M. E. Zion’s miaisters greatly rejoiced
 at the idea of becoming connected with the
 A. M. E. Church, and had expressed their
 readiness to comply with and become subser
 vient to, whatever plan the latter might adopt.
 That the idea of a union of the two bodies
 was to us a subject of rejoicing, is a fact, the
 truth of which we are happy to admit. Bui
 that we have ever manifested a disposition to
 unite upon the principle of subserviency or
 any other, aside from the strictest equality, is,
 to say the least of it, a glaring absurdity.
 An assertion so ungrounded and fallacious
 had the unhappy effect of changing the senti*
 ments of many who had truly and honestly
 espoused the cause; and struck the fatal blow
 to the long wished for union of the two con
 nections. It may revive, and our united
 prayer to GOD is, that it may revive speedily;
 but the more recent transactions of the A. M.
 E. Connection warrant us in saying, that
 while their theory on this important question
 seems to indicate no small degree of sincerity,
 they are practically opposed to union upon any
 other principle than that which will secure to
 them the ruling povocr in thc church.
 The following preamble and resolution show
 the action of the Conference with regard to
 the above, together with the sentiment of
 that body in relation to the North Star:
 Whereas, there exists a paper denominated
 the North Star, edited by the talented Frede
 rick Douglass, that staunch and tried friend
 of his people; and whereas, that paper is de
 voted to universal Liberty, Equality and Fra
 ternity—believing that resistance to tyranny
 is obedience to God—opposing alike oppres
 sion, whether found in sacerdotal robes stolen
 from heaven to serve the devil in, or in the
 less crafty but more honest statesman there
 foie,
 Resolved, That we, the members of the
 Allegheny Conference of the A. M. E. Zion
 Connection, do highly approve and appreciate
 said paper, and wish it success; and will do
 all we can to sustain it, by subscribing our
 selves, and fairly laying its claims before the
 people wherever we go.
 Yours tor Truth,
 S. T. JONES,
 G. H. GRAHAM, Com
Transient Newspapers.—lt may not be
 understood by all, that transient paper*, drop
 ped into the post-office, are not forwarded un
 less the postage be pre-paid. This is in ac
 cordance with the office regulations, and to a
 void disappointment, those who wish to send
 papers to their friends should bear it io mind.
Help for thc Psfttin.
 Collins Centre, 8, bo. 231, 1849.
 Dear Friends —Being left alone this af
 ternoon I have concluded to transmit s fire
 thoughts to paper with your supereeripoon.
 A few hoars since Anns G. Msbbett was seen
 upon one of our beck roads with a horse and
 vrtgoo containing besides herself a fugitive
 slave and his wife, all in woman’s suite.
 The slave was a boot to commence attending
 school on the Reservation with the Indiane,
 when his friends learned that the base min
 isters of Slaveocncy were on his track and
 dose upon him but being pat upon this mate
 to Canada—not in this instance the right
 track—he is still safe. He is a noble speci
 men of humanity, a mulatto, the|wn of hie
 first master, and but a few months since the
 body servant of a very distinguished citizen
 of the Southern States. The is ap
 parently an amiable free woman, the daughter
 of a wealthy Irishman. He brought with
 him letters of introduction to Fredensk Doug
 lass and Gerrit S?mith. The people of this
 place and vicinity are giving such indications
 of their love of Liberty that we may safel y
 cenclude the time is near, if not already at
 hand, whea this region of Western New
 York will be a safe retreat for the poor pant
 ing fugitive. It is truly a cheering indication
 when our young men deem it coirardly to suf
 fer a recapture of the oppressed victim of the
 slave power. Those individuals in the em
 ploy of the slaveholder will soon receive a
 mark by which they will be known as readily
 as was the brother of Abel—not a mark of
 tar and feathers, the whip or branding iron,
 but the printers' ink. Let the names and oc
 cupations of all such persons be properly ex
 posed and they will be let alone in such a
 manner as to render their situation rather un
 comfortable, except to the south among their
 own kith and kin.—There is an indignation
 meeting appointed next 3d day eve, when it is
 likely there will be some spirited Resolutions
 adopted. Joseph Carter of Buffalo is sufficient
 ly identified to be put upon the black list. Poor
 fellow! let us pray that the like of him may
 be few, and that he may live long enough to
 repent and spurn the bribe.
 For the rescue and final deliverance of
 every Slave, Your Friend,
 LORENZO MABBETT.
Notices.
Western New York Anti-Slavery Society*
 Pursuant to adjournment at last meeting,
 the Executive Committee of the Western
 New York Anti-Slavery Society will meet at
 the House of Isaac Post, 36, Sophia Street,
 on Saturday, September 29, 1849. Attend
 ance is requested at half past six p. m. punc
 tually.
 JOHN DICK, Sec.
Anti-Slavery Lectures and Fairs.
 Frederick Dougl ass will visit and lecture,
 and Fairs will be held, under the management
 of the Ladies of the W. N. Y. A. S. Society,
 at the following places in the course of next
 month—namely:
 West Walworth, lecture, Tuesd. Sep. 4th.
 'Marion, Wednesd. 5 th.
 Palmyra, Thursd. 6th.
 Victor, Friday 7th.
 Fair, Saturday Bth.
 E. Bloomfield, Lecture, Sunday 9th.
 Fair, Monday 10th.
 Oswego, Lecture, Thursday and Friday,
 Sept. 13th and 14th.
 Fulton Village, I*ecture, Sunday and Mon
 day, 16th and 17th.
 Mount Morris, Lecture, Thursday, 20th.
 Fair, Friday, 21st.
 Caledonia, Lecture, Sunday, 23d.
 Scottsville, Monday, 24th.
 Fair, Tuesday, 25th.
 Honeoyc Falls, Lecture, Thursday, 27th.
 Fair, Friday, 28th.
 l.ockport, I*eeture, Thursday, Oct. sth.
 Fair, Friday, 6ih.
 N.B. The lecture at each of the above
 named places will commence at 7 p.m. pre
 cisely, unless some other liout ia named in a
 uture notice.
An Appeal in behalf of the Western
 New York Anti-Slarery Fair.
 Earnestly desiring the abolition of Slavery
 in this land, and being deeply convinced that
 this result can only be accomplished by renew
 ed efforts to change our present corrupt moral
 sentiment, the undersigned members and
 friends of the Western New York Anti-slavery
 Society, again make their appeal to the
 friends of the Slave in behalf of their annual
 Bazaar, which will be held in Rochester in
 December next.
 While we have been cheered and gladdened
 by the progress already made, and the good
 already done, and while we rejoice to observe
 that friends have been raised up to plead the
 cause of the bondman among persons, and in
 quarters where we had least expected them,
 we still see the “harvest to be great and the
 laborers to be few,” and instead of relaxing
 our efforts, we are impressed with a sense of
 the duty of doubling our diligence, and ap
 plying more closely our energy to the means
 of advancing this holy cause.—We appeal the
 more boldly to our friends because those for
 whom we plead cannot plead for themselves.
 W'hile we are surrounded by our domestic
 circle, with none to molest or make us afraid,
 there are three millions of men and women in
 our own land, doomed to abject Slavery and
 chains, robbed of every right—civil—social—
 personal—and political. Remembering those
 in bonds as bound with them, wc desire to
 plead their cause as though they were on our
 own limbs, and the knotted lash were applied
 to our own backs.
 While to obtain means for enlightening the
 public mind, is the strong motive for holding
 our annual Fair, it is not the only one. A
 great amount of good may be traced directly
 to such occasions. Many who are now ac
 tive workers in behalf of this holy movement
 became first interested in it through the in
 strumentality of those annual exhibitions of
 anti-slavery industry, tact and skill.
 The present object of the Rochester anti
 slavery Bazaar is for the general enlighten
 ment of the public mind on the subject of sla
 very. Recognizing the North Star, (published
 in this city) as an efficient Anti-Slavery in
 strumentality, we propose that the funds raised
 by the Sale of articles at the Bazaar (on
 behalf of which we here appeal) ahail be
 mainly appropriated to the support of that
 important paper.
 We gatefully acknowledge the prompt as
 sistance rendered to oar last Fair by our
 fnends and coadjutors in various parts of our
 own State, Wisconsin, and Michigan, and ire
 earnestly solicit their continued co-operation
 with us in the good wotk. That no time may
 be lost, we especially recommend to them the
 immediate formation of tewing circles in their
 various towns with a view to making articles
 for the Rochester Bazaar. W r e would also
 in this connection render our heartfelt thanks
 to oar British fnends for the valuable aid ex
 tended by them to our last year's Fair ami
 we would again warmly solicit their generous
 assistance, it is due to oui tram-Atlantic
fri— fa to—y that far Mch of the iniemi fait
 in oat bat Bazaar we warn todebied to than,
 and Ira are paranaiiad that then cootiaoed
 00-oparatioa trill r nan mil y promote the sue*
 earn of oar approachiof December Bazaar,
 and the advancement of the caoee of the slave
 in oar laed.
 We hope that the foregoing appeal will
 commend itself to oat philanthropic friends on
 both sides of the Atlantic, aod that they will
 cordially unite with os in the effort here pro
 posed.
 Rest not—tagtanoci? rest
 Straggle—’tn God’s behest*
 Fill up Ufa’s little spaa
 With God-like deeds it is the test—
 Test of the high bore seal.
 And lofty Sim;
 The test ie history’s scroll
 Oferery honored not:
 None bat the Bnre shall win the goal*
 Signed on behalf of the Fair Committee,
 AMY POST.
Mkdical Uses or tic Wild Cherut.
 —Ever sioce the settlement of America,
 Wild Cherry has been known to possess very
 important medicinal virtues. —Everybody
 knew this fact, but nobody knew how ts ex
 tract its essential properties. Every mother
 give* Wild Cherry tea to her children for
 worms, for colds, and for almost every dis
 ease and adoita throughout our country are
 in the habit of tnakiag a compound ef syrup
 of Wild Cherry bark and other ingredients to
 be used in spring as an antidote to complaints
 incident to that changeful season. It is found
 by experiment that the wild cherry possesses
 even far more important qualities than was
 ascribed to it. For the first stage of Con
 sumption, Asthima, no matter how long
 standing, Coughs, Liver Complaints, etc., it
 is proved to be the bese medicine known to
 man. Dr. Wistar’a Balsam of Wild Cherry
 is a chemical extract, combined with a similar
 extract from Tar, which enhanees its value.
 Its success in curing pulmonary diseases, in
 almost every stage, after our best physicians
 could do no more, has astonished the faculty,
 and led them to confess that Wistar’s Balsam
 of Wild Cherry possesses a principal hereto
 fore unknown among medical men.
 None genuine, unless signed I. BUTTS,
 on the wrsppet.
Testimony from Galena. —Fellow citi
 zens:—l have used Sloan’s Ointment and
 found it to be the best article that I have ever
 used for injuries in horses and for a Family
 Ointment. GEORGE RISEDORPH.
 Galena, April l, 1848.
 KP See Agents’ names at the head of
 Sloan’a Column. For further particulars and
 testimonials, get Pamphlets of agents.
DIED
In Palmyra, Wayne Co., N. Y., on the 10th
 in§t., after about two week*’ rery severe illness,
 which terminated in inflammation of tlie stomach
 and bowels, Hannah Sexton, wife of Puny
 Sexton, aged 46 years. A minister of tl»e Society
 of Friends, qf the most liberal, antiscctarian and
 expanded feelings and views. Truly it may be said
 of lier—
 None kuew her but to love her,
 None mentioned but to praise.”
Commercial.
Rochester, Sept. 20tb, 1849.
 Business has been more than usually animated for the
 past week. There has been a good show of busi
 ness each day. The fanners seem inclined to hold
 on to their wheat, hoping to obtain a better price
 than the price at the present. Wheat has been
 steady through the week at 8s 6d, and is not much
 sought after by millers at that price. There were
 but a few loads on the market yesterday. They
 were sold at 8s 6d.
Wholesale Prices Current.
 FLOUR and MEAL—Duty 20 p c ad val
 Flour, p bbl 4 78«5 50
 Com meal, P bush 45 ®5O
 PROVISIONS.—Dutv Beef,Pork,Hams, Bacon,
 Butter and Lard, 20&gt; c; Cheese 30 pc ad val
 Pork, (mess) 00 00 &lt;B&gt; 12 00
 Do. in hog 5 50
 Beef cwt. 4 00 5 00
 Do. bbl. (mess) 700i® 8 00
 Lard (tried) plb 8
 Do. (leaf,)
 Hams, (smoked)
 Shoulders, do. 6® uj
 BuMer A' A?*
 Cheese
 Turkeys plb f i
 Chickens hi
 Potatoes, bush It 1 00
 GRAIN—Duty, 20 p e ad val
 Wheat, bush 1
 Corn
 Rve I® 53
 Si: s
 Barley 50
 HIDES-eDuty; 5 p c ad val
 Slaughter 3|
 Calf 10
 Sheep Pelts •40 tt
 SEEDS—Duty; Linseed 10 pc; Mustard 20 P
 r ad val
 Clover 37»® 5 00
 Timothy t 150 a 2 25
 Flax 00
 FISH —Duty on foreign caught; 20 p c ad val
 Whitefish bbl 700
 Codfish cwt 3 50
 SUNDRIES—
 Salt, p bbl 1 25
 Apples, P bus
 Do. dried bush. 62^
 Eggs, P dot 12
 Beans, p bush 75
 Hay, p ton 700® 11 00
 Hard wood 3 60
 Soft Wood
DR. A» CLARK,
 DENTAL SURGEON.
 I would respectfully inform the citisens of Rochester
 and surrounding country, tiiat I have removed my
 office (mm No. 89 Smith’s Arcade to my dwelling
 bouse No. 92 Monroe Street.
 lhankfn! for past favors in the line of my profes*
 sioo, and flattering myself that I can give perfect
 satisfaction to all who may favor me with their pa
 tronage. I would invite ail those who are de
 sirous of having operations performed on the teeth or
 of having teeth inserted to call oo me and satisfy
 themselves.
 A. CLARK.
 N. B. All operations performed by me on the
 teeth and Plate Work warranted.
 Rochester, Oct. 13,1848. tf.
The 014 CirMity Ship,
 .41 No 48 Exchange Street Rochester.
 LLOYD SCOTT, grateful for the patronage
 awarded him, would respectfully inform bis
 triends and the public generally, that he has recently
 enlarged bis establishment and augmented his stock
 of Men’s, Women’s, aod Children’s. New and
 Second land apparel. In addition to this depart
 ment he will buy and sell House and Store Furni
 ture, Books, Jewelry, Fancy articles, Mechanical
 and agricultural implements,' and indeed all those
 various odds and ends’* of which may not be
 readily obtained at other places. It is his intention
 to, keep The Old Comity Shop” well furnished
 with an endless variety of articles for which be will
 pay liberally and dispose of at satisfactonr prices.
 Clothing repaired and renovated with neat aeon
 uni despatch.
 Do at forget The Old Caronity Shop.
 Rochester March 1849.
Palner’s Artticial Leg.
 THIS entirely new, beautiful, and eminently ser
 vicabie limb, which has received the highest
 awards and most hearty testimonials of nil the
 principal scientific iasbtatioos and son eons of
 hospitals in this country, in addition to those who
 have used the limb, as being in every respect supe
 rior to any limb ever before invented in Europe or
 America, is now manufactured ia Sunmf/uid. Jms**.,
 by Messrs. Palm eb, Cubbies t Hopson.
 Thy warrant ntirt tatwfaetwa.
 BEFBBENCES.
 Drs. Hamilton and Spbaods, of Buffalo.
 Dr. Ga*sob, Batavia. _
 Drs. Webstbb and Moobe, Rochester.
 Dr. Pott eb, Gorham, (who wears
 Dr. fiocGU, Byr«CMK« •*P l n
APBIIH aad IOCRESTER
 KAIL. ROAD.’
 pHANC.EIN TIME —The trams will rs— rare
 *°k»va Rochester to-day at the following time
 Eastward—St la. a., Rj a. Ir. 7|r.«.
 Westward—« 4, 9 2i r. a. 7 r.a.
 Rochester, May
 Narrative of the life of frf.df.r-
 ICE DOt written by hiwdf, to be
 hod at this oJhre, pne* ao cents, new Edit. 37 Jc
■sir-fat (is* art Drtttis* at
 Ralph francis*# Safa*., «udr, uw Each-
 Buflalo-ftrcct pd 14—3 m
NEW FORK ADFERTISEMEST9.
Calarrt Sailors* Hue.
 330, Pearl Street, Netc York.
 FRIEN 98 of the slave, and strangers on a visit
 to New York,, can now be accommodated with
 as good Board, and at a* fow a price a* in any ocher
 house in the rity. The house is large and con
 venient will hold comfortably seventy persons.
 Families can have private rooms, and evenr atten
 tion paid to their comfit. WM P. POWIXL-
 May 11,1849.
DR. J. M’CUNE SMITH. 92, West Broad
 way.
VCRS. PETTIT would rctpectfully inform ner
 I*l Friends and the Public, that she ha» removed
 from 150 to a nnmnodinos lioose No. 162, Church
 Street, wliere she w ill continue to entertain respect
 able colored persons with Board are! Lodging.
 New York, May 11, 1«49.
ELLIS A. POTrF.R’S Readv Made nothin*
 Store, 91 Canal Street, tie l wee a Church Street
 and West Broadway, New York. Also—A Gen
 eral‘Assortment of Gentlemen’* Furnishing Articles,
 constantly on hand.
 May 1&amp;, 1849.
PHILADELPHIA ADVERTISEH’TS.
General Intelligence Office.
 GEO. W. GOINES having opened an Establish
 ment at the Philadelphia Institute,
 Lomlwrd Street, above Seventh, for the purpose ot
 procuring honest and faithful domestic* for those
 who may require tliem, and olrtaining places for
 such as are qualified and in want thereof, begs leave
 to refer to the following named gentlemen, who liave
 kindly permitted the use of their names as
 references:
 Anarew M’Makin Editor of the American Courier
 Robert Morris, Editor of the Inquirer
 Jasper Harding, Publisher of the Inquirer
 Charles J. Peterson, Editor of Neal’* Gazette
 Thos. B. Florence, Editor of Times ami Keystone
 Robert Howell, 88, Chesnut Street
 Hilliam J. Mullen, 278, Catherine Street.
 Philadelphia, Sept. 1, 1848. ly—36.
DR- D. J. PECK, Physician ami Surgeon, Phi
 ladelphia Institute, Lombard Street, above
 Seventh. ly—36
CHARLES JONES, North Star House, No. 26,
 North Street, between Fifth and Sixth, ami
 Market and Arch streets, Philadelphia.
 Strangers visiting the city will find the North
 Star House the most central, convenient and com
 fortable House in Philadelphia.
 Philadelphia, Dec. 1. 1848. in 49
Anti-Slavery Office,
 No. 31, North Fifth Street, Philadelphia.
 A FULL assortment of anti-slavery publication
 is kept constantly on hand. Also a handsom
 variety of miscellaneous publications, and usefu
 and Fancy Stationery.
 AH letters relating to the business of the office
 to be directed to J. Miller McKim, 31, North
 Fifth-street, Philadelphia. jul—tf
G, W. MERCHANT'S^
 i: L E 1) Jl A 1 E I&gt;
 A i\(rLlN (t OIL.
 K)K HOICKS vV HIMAN FLESH.,
 A
UNPARALLED IN THE HISTORY OF
 MEDICINE
 A 3 THE M 0 JJ
 Remarkable External Application
 Ever Discovered!
 TIME and experience have fully proved tliat this
 UNIVERSAL REMEDY has not its equal
 on the list of popular medicines, having been before
 the public for more than fourteen years. Testimo
 ny of the most disinterested character of its won
 derful effects on the animal economy is almost daily
 presented to tlie proprietor. It is worthy of spe
 cial remark, that liesidc the great and extraordinary
 powers in the cure of
 DISEASES OT THE HORSE,
 in which its virtues first attracted the attention of
 the Farrier and Farmer, and the wonder of tlie
 public generally, it has lieen successfully employed
 in a great variety of the maladies which
 AFFLICT THE HUMAN RACE.
 Ignorance of fir is and philosophy, start at the
 assertion that anv one renw dy can possess within
 itself the virtue of ruling many diseases. Experi
 ence of more tlian fourteen years lias nevertheless
 established tlie fact, that Merchant's Celebrated
 Gargling Oil, or Universal Family Embrocation,
 will cure most eases and relieve such as the follow
 ing, among many others in tlie cure of which this
 Ou has been completely successful and in which oth
 er pretended remedies have completely failed:
 RHEUMATISM, PAINFUL NERVOUS AF
 fections, Bites of Animals, Frost Bites, Corns,
 Boils, Whitlows, Asthma, Bruises, Burns,
 and Scalds, Cramps, Strains, Sprains,
 Ulcers from local causes, Caked
 Breasts, Contractions of tlie mus
 cles,Wounds, Swellings, Sic.
 Also a host of diseases
 in Horse* and otlici
 animals,such aj
 SPA VINS,
 Sw66n6V«
 RINGBONE,
 Windgall, Poll Evil,
 Callous,Cracked Heel
 Gall# of all kinds,
 Fresh Wounds, Bruises,
 Fistula, Sitfast, Strains, Lameness,
 Sand Cracks, Foundered Feet, 8c rate lies,
 OR GREASE, MANGE, FARCY, tft., tfc
 Numerous are the unsolicited statements of
 lients themselves, and others wlio have used the Oil,
 of cures which in themselves appear *0 remarkable
 that were they at all interested in a pecuniary point,
 they could hardly liave lieen credited.
 The celebrated Dr. Parker also write* as follows:
 Dear Sir: I have prescribed your Garglug Oil in
 various cases of
 PRACTICAL SURGERY,
 as a liniment, with marked success, and would com
 mend it to physicians generally for external use in
 all contusions, tumors, sprains, white swellings,
 and in all rheumatic affection*, where external
 means are necessary. As a dincutient, it is liaitn
 less where tlie febrile symptoms have lieen reduced
 by general treatment. In such cases, it is tlie most
 efficient remedy within the circle of means uow in
 use.
 1 would also recommend it to community at large
 as a safe and powerful remedy where there is no
 general fever in all tlie alwve diseases, to be used
 freely, and to counteract inflammation in a remark
 able manner. la Imiised wounds it prevents swell
 ing, and consequent soreness in hot weather.
 From the peculiar natuie of this Oil, and the
 unparalleled success it has met with in the hands ol
 th e FARRIER, FARMER and STAGE PRO
 PRIETOR, it is but justice to say, that of the
 great number of medicines which have been offered,
 none have been so well adapted to the prompt cure
 of Diseases to which Horses are liable; it has been
 very justly called a Complete Panacea for the Horse.
 Fur instance, read the following:
 TO OWNERS OP HORSES.
 This is to certify that I Lave had for many year, th*
 care of from one hundred to two hundred horse*
 and have made use of Merchant's Gargling Oil for
 two years past, aod can safely say, that for all the
 diseases that hone* are liaise t0,.l never saw it*
 equal. I use about one liottle per month, and re
 eommend it to the public as the best medicine for
 horses now in use. I- D MINOR.
 All order, addressed to the proprietor will be
 nromollv resoouded to.
 Grtapamphlet o&lt; die Agent, and see what won
 ders are accompli*b**! by the use of this medicine.
 Sold by respectable dealers gen* rilly in the Uni
 ted States and Canada.
 ALsobv Post h Willis, W». Pitkin, L.B
 Swan, Winslow k Yoiso, 11. D. Wadl,
 Rochester.
 H k E Gaylord, Henderson k Pamierson, Cfeve
 had, O.; G Ding k 800. Cohunbws, O.; Gordon
 k Israel, Cincinnati, O.; McClure k Co, Albany
 Hollister It Co, Buffalo; fireenman k Smith, Uti
 ca; P D Orris k Co, Troy, NY- July 13-fan.
 WM. H. TOPP, Merchant Tailor, 546 Broad
 way. Also an extensive su-rorUnciU of Cravats,
 Stocks, Hosiery, Glove*, kc
 Albany44’ch- 11,
SLOAN'S COLiffiN.
 QCP" AH the sneii,rme&lt; advertised by VV. B Sin*;,
 ire srdd by P»*t k W ,Lr*. Winslow k Young, Ro
 chester; A. keatfaw Frankfort; 4. 9. Rairwnk
 Co., Lewiston; T i V Frye, Brorkpnrt; C»W»
 Nye, Pittsford; W. Williams, I’nfik., and hr
 mo*t druggists throughout the United States.
 FAMILY OINTMENT.
 SLOAN’S OINTMENT i&lt; i»&gt;w universally *c
 knowledge*! to be an infallible remedy, in ever*
 case where it ha* been faithft ,;.f *n' the hu
 man «v*tern. for presno*; ti£ I d.Sr Perty .ration,
 drawing mm the t.aHamination tnou *ns»l, re
 lieving pain of every kind, and in its healing qwai&gt;-
 ties tar workl doe* nor produce it* equal, »»wl the
 public pronounce it the cheapest and fa«t K usoN
 Ointment that h»« ever been osed. All di«vnr* ot
 the Hr*k, Obstinate U Vrcre, Old S.&lt;rr«, t hiHAims
 Throat, Bum*, t at*, t MUurous Knytio.
 Nipple*, Sore Rrca»ts, !&gt;ttra&lt;es el the Eve.
 •’l* tne face. «&gt;«!e, buck, ml the other pc»rt« of
 r*-" 1 I her*. SaU llral, Bruivr*,
 Erwsh W rwßofo, jn,) everv kind of *orr* r«mt.«inißg
 the feast particle of &gt;ntt unnuiton are pcTwaut v n;l«
 cored In thi* great remedy.
 \V B SUSAN.
 Gran.l IVjvu.fo Ukc (Xticago. 11l
«e oa.n’t orr alono w ithoct it.
 Bint’s Grove, Will Co., lit.
 Otobcr 24, l«vt. y
 Mr. Sloajt—Sir: t have te*te&lt;! she virtue of
 your Oiatmmt in the cure id' rattfe«imke litc«,*,«w
 throat, born*, atei many other injuries, and is*rer\
 case it h:»&lt; *urp»**rd *Hir e\jigct:vtions. A* a Pnoti*
 ly Ointment I hare never seen it.* e«pal, ami fi&gt;r
 beast* wc can’t get afong without it.
 Yours. &amp;.C.,
 MILES M JOHNSON.
EXCELLENT ointment.
 Mr. Sloan— Dear Sir. For a considerable
 fe«g&lt; h of time I was seriously afflicted with the
 Rheumatic complaint.and freelv tlie v.irioo*
 liniment*, piin-kilfer*, kc-. without olwaining anv
 relief. Attcr which your agent at this place influ
 enced me to try your Ointment, ami within two
 week* from the time I commenced u*ing if. tfH*p:iiu
 ream!, ami I was effipctoallv cured; and *h;»ll re-
 I'ommend all who arc similarly afflicted w ith live di*-
 tressing complaint, to |&gt;rocore your excellent oint
 ment without tlelav. Re«p*v &gt;our.-,
 f&gt;sr.\R F. MOTT
 PriiKeville, Pe**ri» co.. 111., May 1, *l9.
V FINGER BITTEN ENTIRELY OFF*
 Two Mife* South of Uhicago,
 Sept. 14, 1848. S
 Dr. Sloan— Sir On the Stli inst. my son htua
 finger bitten entin'lv off bv ;i hnnr. \1 immedi
 ately applied your crle lira ted t&gt;intim'nt h Inch re
 lieved lum of pain in a lew minute*, and prevented
 tlie ringer from swelling tlx* feast particle, and tlie
 wound is now healing rapidly.
 Respectfully yours,
 S. Rtff’KW V
A PRIME ARTICLE.
 Are any afflicted with pains, bruises, ruts or sores
 of any kind Let them read \V. B. Sloan’s ad
 vertisement in amitln'r column. \Ye believe this
 ointment to lie a prime article for any thing of the
 kind and no hurnUig. Try a little of it before von
 suffer any longer. It can lie had at nearly all the
 store* in this place.—[Knox Intelligencer.
THE BEST AND CHEAPEST
 lIORBE MEDICINE
 IN THB WORLD.
SLOAN’S OINTMENT
 AND
 CONDITIO N POW D E R
 HAVE EARNED A GREAT NAME.
 For Purity, Mildness, Safety, Certainty
 and Thnrnuqhriess SLOAN’S
 OINTMENT Ex,eh,
 And is rapidly superseding all other Ointments and
 Liniments now in use for the cure of the following
 diseases
 Fresh Wounds, Gall* of all kind*. Sprain*.
 Bruises, Cracked Heels, Ringbone, Windgall*, Poll
 Evil, Callus, Spavins, Sweeney, Fistula, Sitfast,
 Strains, Lameness, Sand Crack*, Foundered Feet.
 Scratches or Grease, and Horn Di*teui|» r.
 The Powder will remove all inflammation and
 fever, purify the blood, loosen the skin, rleau*e the
 water, ami strengthen every part of the Ihhlv o,d
 lias proved a sovereign remedy lor tin- following
 diseases:
 Distemper, Hide-bound, laiss of Appetite,
 ward Strains, Yellow Water, Inflammation of ilm-
 Eye*, Fatigue from hard exercise. Also, Hliemna
 tism, (commonly called still complaint,) wlm li
 proye* so fatal to many valuable horse* in tin*
 country. It i* also a sale and certain remedy liu
 cough* and colds, which generate *0 main fatal di*
 eases- W. 11. SLOAN,
 Gran*i Depot,4o Uikc st., Chicago, Illinois.
 EXTRACT FROM THE “GALENA NOHTH-W’ ENTERX
 GA/ETTK,”
 By tlie use of Sloan’s Ointment and Condition
 Powder, I have entirely eared a Fistula on my
 horse, and otherwise unproved hi* condition more,
,|
 a cow which was so feeble a* to U* considered
 worthies* by myself and neighbors, was restored to
 good health and strength by the use of le** than half
 a package of the powder, and is now doing U-iti 1
 than any other cow i have. WM. VINCENT.
 Small Pox, May 13, IB4M
 POPULAR OPINION.
 If popular opinion is any criterion of the worth
 of an article, we invite the incredulous to read it
 least a few of the many voluntary certificate* wlu&lt; U
 appear in our column* respecting the great variety
 of remarkable cures e flee led by the use of “Sloan’s
 cefelirated Ointment and Condition Powder.’’
 These remedies no longer remain among those of
 doubtful utility; tliev hav»-passed from the tide of
 experiment, and now stand higher in reputation, and
 are becoming more extensively used than all ottn-i
 articles of ifa: kind.—[.Michigan City News.
 THE HALF HAS NOT BEEN TOLD.
 Fox River, June 12, ’4B.
 Dr. SLoAN —Dear Sir: Please send by the hear*
 er a new mqiply of your Horse Alediciues. They
 are tlie fast articles of tins kind that I have ever
 used, never having lie,-n di-ap|»&gt;intcd in ita-ir fte«-r.
 a* I have been in the u*c of otla-r, even tie; mo«»
 cefel&gt;rate&lt;i Ointments, Liniment*, kc., of tin- da&gt;,.
 I like very much this feature in them, vi*: that tin y
 do all that i* promised, and u;s,n a thorough trial,
 one is constrained to add tliai half ha* not been
 told.’’ Kespectlully,
 &gt;l. DUDLEY
THE DIFFERENCE.
 The ordinary Ointment* ami Liniment*, it i.* writ
 known, are severe and partial 111 their operate. ll.
 Sloan’s Ointment 1* mild, yet thorough—it rea. he*
 and removes the cause, lienee it gives real and i
 luaoeut relief.
 For purity, mildness, safety, certainty, and tlmr
 oughnes*, Sloan’s Ointment excels, and is rapidly
 superseding all other oiaUuents ami liniments now
 in aw:.*.
 GOOD MEWS
 Chicago, Jan. fob, 1849
 W B. Bloa* —Bir One *rf my Itomeswas boot
 IsMirsi aori also wounded in tin: stifle, in wbi.a fa
 to*, k cold, ami fa-can ie so crippled that I- &lt;,uld
 travel. Bv die free application of \.«s
 valuabie Ointment, hi* fas if* were »oou so fie nr d ami
 live stifle pertnaoenUy eured.
 I liave also used the Ointment in tfa- case of Foil-.
 Evil ami on severe gall* with equal •occeas.
 On a mashed finger that was very painful it oj»-
 erated like a charm. Your*, iu
 A- VAN ORDEN.
EXTttAOKDINAfcV C'tRE.
 F'.*»r nnle« north of Chicago, n road to i
 Milwaokte,) Cook co., Hi., April 13, ’4B
 Mr SLOAN -Vw Oil. of my horwe lu..J a
 large bo ay Tumor on hi. htait hone, iamwr«ilately
 under the collar, which lamed him and reiuiered hf»
 servi at very huh- value. f a ,thfnlU appio.l
 several bottles of Dr Taylor's Nerve ami Hour
 Lin.iilent, without the lew»t benefit. I then pro
 cured Wilder’* Celebrated Horse Omies-ut, a«d
 used that until I berainr full) satisfied that it would
 never relieve the animal. Finally, I obtained a
 Imx of your truly valuable Ointment, ami in ie.&lt;
 titan 80 days from the 6r»t applo-iiton the hums i
 tireiy disappeared ami the horse was well.
 Yours, EDWARD ARMSTRONG.
 ORATirvrN« rNTEIg.Kit.tICB.
 Fran every pert of the reentry where Sloan's
 Horse Ointment ami Condition Fowler" ha Ve '.as- u
 introduced, Che proprietor has received the
 gratifying intelligence of ihtir remarkable effc-rs an
 ls i nstliiude &lt;f i«!aMw, tin) have
 t/iuawibed over diseases which had t „a). d ibe .kii&gt;
 at "refrhmted Farriers, and were considered iwrwra.
 ble. These medicines are repsdly so perse!** all
 otter remedies wi w ia use, fur 4iteaevd terse* »»d
 «««k e it M)
 r &lt;-v
