m.PERII k HoniUSS I'.rMTOt
VOL. 11. NO. 4ft.
Th c WOITH NT IK published ever;
 t'rldart at No. 3i, Bntfalo Itrwl,
 (JffttUr the Arcade
 TFKMR.
 Two tioilai* |*t Ramin, alf.ys i«i m.hxtnct. N«
 •&lt;ib*rrip4i&lt;M« miM lw rrcri\«xl lot a fau terra than
 Ailv**rtiw «enK not ten lin*»« irmrrtwl
 hire limn* far on# dolhr; svery mbtequent inaer
 tion, twenty -five cent*.
 Tut object ul llie .North Si ar will be to attack
 Slavery in all it* forma and aspect* advocate
 I'mvf.raal Emancipation; exalt the utanda/d
 of Prune Morality; promote the moral and in
 tellectual improvement of the ColorFd Pkopl*;
 and hasten the day of FREEDOM to the Three
 Mim iors of our Enslaved Fellow Coos-
 TK YM EN.
 PUBLISHER’S NOTICES.
 Of All communications relating to the hum«»
 m ilter* of the paper, names of unset it iers n*mit
 tances, &amp;.C., should lie addressed to JuHn Dick,
 I uhlisher.
 5;- (£J- Agents, and all others sending names, are
 r quested to be accurate, and give the Post Office,
 the County, and the State. Each Subscriber is inl
 ine UateU credited for money received.
 {o* Any |&gt;ei son sending in the payment for lour
 mibecribers, to be forwaldEd to one address, maj
 have a fifth copy for one year.
 Aj- All letters and communications must lie post.
 Aid.
 LIST OF AGENTS.
 Massachusetts. —R. F. Walentt, 21, Corulull,
 Boston; Nathan Johnson, New Bedford; Horatio W.
 Foster, Lowell; James N. Buffum, Lynn; George
 Evans, Worcester Bourne Spooner, Plymouth;
 Charles H. Setli, Springfield David Haggles,
 Northampton; 11. Carpenter, I pton.
 Maine. Oliver Dennett, Portland.
 Vermont. —Rowland T. Robinson, North Fer
 fislnirg.
 Connecticut. —Jonathan New Haven
 New Hampshire. —Weare Tappan, Bradford.
 New York. —Sydney H. Gary, 142, Nassau
 Street; Jaine« McCuneSmith,93, West Broadway;
 Joseph Post, West bury, Queen County; Mary Har
 per, Albany; Elia* Duty, Macedon; Willett* Keese,
 Peru, Clinton County; NV iltiam fe. Baltimore, 1 coy;
 J. F. Platt, Penn Yan; J. Jeffrey, Geneva; E. L.
 Platt, Bath.'
 Rhode Island. —Amaraticy Paine, Providence.;
 Pennsylvania. —J. M. M^Kim,3l, North Fifth
 Street, Philadelphia; G. W. Goinee, 8, Exchange;
 Place, Ditto; B. Bown.Pittslnirgh; Wm. Whipper,
 Columbia; Isaac Roberts, Jacob L. Paxon, Norris
 own, Montgomery County, Milo A. Townsend,
 N ew Brighton.
 Ohio. —Christian Donaldson, Cincinnati; 'Vat
 on and Gaines, Ditto; Valentine Nicholson, Har-;
 vevslMirgli, Warren Co.; Samuel Brooke, Salem.
 Michigan.—Roliert Banks, Detroit. i
 Indiana. —Joel P. Davis, Economy, Wayne Co j
oclcciio nil
Fioin the Boston Republican.
 SLAVERY AND THE SLAVE TRADE
 1H THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA.
 The following letter from our dis
 tinguished fellow-citizen, l)r. Howe,
 was, as we understand, addressed to
 on© of his English friends and com
 panions in the liberation of Greece. It j
 lias found its way into print in England.
 We copy it from an English pamphlet, j
 entitled, Slavery at Washington.”
 “Narrative ot the heroic adventures of
 Drayton, an American trader, in ‘the
 pearl,’ coasting vessel, which was cap
 tured by American citizens, near the
 mouth ofthe Potomac, having on boare
 seventy-seven &lt;nen, women and child
 ren endeavoring to escape Irom slavery
 in the Capital of the American Repub
 lic, (in a letter from Dr. S. G. Howe,
 U. 5,,) together with the proceedings
 upon Capt. Drayton’s trial and con
 viction.” _ ir
 All who are familiar with Dr. Howe s
 philanthropic character, —particularly
 as shown in his participation for seven
 years in the \Var of Greek Indepen
 dence, and in his more recent efforts
 for the Blind, —will readily unders and,
 that his feelings must be strongly
 moved in behall of the slave:
 Boston, Jun* 20th, 1848.
 My Dear I am pleased to hear,
 by your last letter, that the views I
 expressed concerning the Mexican war
 meet your approbation. I know so
 well your liberal views of this country
 and its institutions, and your friendly
 regard for me, that I am sure you will
 not misunderstand me whem I seem to
 •peak disparagingly of what, by almost
 common consent, men uphold through
 evil report and through good report.
 Sometimes, when I read the praise be
 stowed on us by foreigners, I feel, as
 an American, that sort of guilty shame,
 which one feels upon receiving praise
 which he knows he is utterly unworthy
 of. I love my country; I cannot, if I
 would, break the tender ties which na
 turally bind one to the land ot one’s
 birth and the home of one’s childhood;
 hut I hope 1 have outgrown that selfish
 and blind love which arrogates to itself
 the name of “patrotism,” which is
 born of egotism and nurtured by igno
 rance, and which, in its turn, begets a
 brood of evil passions, out of which
 come hatred, strife and war. 1 lore
 my country; but I love the world more.
 I love my countrymen; but 1 love hu
 manity better. I would tain promote
 the prosperity of Americans, but not at
 the expense of th® interests and hap
 piness of Europeans, Asiatics and
 Africans—certainly not at the expense
 ot right. As for that vulgar love of
 notoriety, that enlargement and exten
 sion of individual vanity, which makes
 one covet for ones’® country, at what
 ever price, the admiration and envy ot
 other countries—glory, honor and the
 like—ot course 1 have put oft »uch
 childish things- only let my country
 men do right, act nobly, and carry into
 public alfatrs the sublime mordTity
 which makes the man do uuto others as
 lie would be done by, and I will gladly
 leave the the houui mid glory to nations
 who still delight in the sounding brass
 and tinkling cymbals.
 If there was anything which justified
 Americans in their feelings of national
 ft ride, it was that their country was
 ooked to as a place of retuge fer those
 fine spirits of Europe, who could not
 brook the religious bigotry or political,
 intolerance which forbade all hope of j
 progress at home. But surely we can j
 make no such boast now, for at this
 moment the spirit of reform and pro
 gress is abroad all over the the nations
 of Europe; and in some respects they
THE NORTH STAR.
are teaching uato admire them, and t&lt;
 be ashamed ot ours lavas. For instance
 1 have lately returned from Washing
 ton, and 1 cannot help blushing at Um
 thought, that tt is the only capital wee
 of Constantinople, where tyranoy ant
 oppression dare manifest themselvei
 openly, and where despotism, in broac
 day, rivets the chains upon millions oi
 slaves, and forges new ones for unborn
 generations. Yes! Washington hat
 not only its slave market, where men
 and women are bought and sold like
 cattle, but its halls for legislation, in
 which laws are deliberately framed
 to perpetuate and extend slavery
 j through coutles ages, and over vast re
 gions of now unpeopled territory!
 How can one boast of his American
 ism, when he is obliged either to re
 j nounce his allegiance, or to become (in
 his capacity of citizen) a jailer, and
 punish men, by impriaonment among
 felons, for attempting to do deeds, more
 truly noble and generous, than those
 for which Parisians and Remans re
 ceive the thanks of their country and
 the praise .of the world? Yes! the jail
 at Washington, a prison—not of a
 State, but of the United States—a
 prison which every citizen of the
 United States helps to support, is used
 as a place of confinement and punish
 ment of men who struck a blow, not for
 their own freedom, but for the freedom
 of others—for the rescue of men, wo
 men and children, from a state of slave
 ry, the like of which Parisian and Ro
 man, nay Russian nor Turk, never en
 dured.
 I want to Washington, mainly to see
 what could be done for the legal de
 fence of the three white men who wero
 imprisoned for attempting to rescue a
 large number of slaves aad set them
 free; and I cannot, perhaps, make my
 letter more interesting to you than by
 relating what I have learned about the
 affair: it will be at least in striking
 contrast with those scenes receutly
 witnessed by you in Rome.
 Some time ago, a rough, hardy,
 generous man, named Drayton, part
 sailor, part trader, went to Washing
 ton in a small coasting vessel under his
 command. While there, he became
 acquainted with a black man, who,
 with his wife and five children, were
 held as slaves by a free citizen of this
 republic. Drayton became interested
 in their salvation, and, yielding to their
 prayers, resolved to attempt their res
 cue. He directed them to come down
 to the wharf at noonday, when he was
 shout to sail,, and to mingle among
 the crowd of idlers who frequent such
 places. They came accordingly aud
 he contrived to get them, one by one,
 down to the companion-way, unper
 ceived by the bystanders. He then
 closed the hatches, cast off from the
 wharf, made sail, and bore away his
 prizes to the State of Massachusetts,
 where they now live, a free and happy
 family.
 If this is the true version of the
 story—and I think it is—we need not
 wonder that Drayton longed to repeat,
 upon a larger scale, his practical ex
 periment at emancipation. Who that
 has ever done a bold and generous
 deed, but sighed to do another, still
 bolder and more generous?
 Last winter he formed the bold
 and perilous plan of sailing in a small
 coasting vessel, from Philadelphia, up
 the Potomac river, to Washington,
 and bringing off by night, as many
 slaves as he could crowd on board.
 They were to be carried down the Po
 tomac, through that great inland sea,
 the Chesapeake Bay, then up the Dela
 ware Bay, to a point of landing in the
 State of Pennsylvania, where carriages
 were to be in readiness to carry them
 beyond the reach of pursuit.
 This plan required the aid and as
 sistance of persons of wealth and in
 telligence: and it was found; for, as
 you must know, many in this country,
 who believe they have no right to in
 terfere with slavery in the independent
 States of the United States, hold that
 slavery has not even the shadow of
 legality in the District of Columbia,
 because that belongs as much to the
 free States as to the slave States.
 They say, ‘‘it is our soil, and we will
 do all we can to purge it of the guilt of
 slavery.” Be this as it may. Drayton
 f.»u;id friends, who hired a vessel for
 him called “The Pearl,” and supplied
 the necessary funds. The plan was
 rendered the more perilous, because
 it had to be entrusted to a great num
 ber of ignorant negro slaves, any one
 of whom might betray it. Drayton,
 however, undertook to arrange every
 thing, and to risk everything, asking
 only that his wife aud children should
 be provided for, in case of the dreadful
 event of his failure, and of his falling
 into the hands of his enraged enemies.
 He made known his plan to about fifty
 slaves, as many as he thought his frail
 craft could carry safely in the open sea,
 and, though they guarded the secret
 carefully from every white man, they
 communicated itto so mnay blacks, that,
 when Drayton came up in the Pearl,
 they crowded down to the wharf at
 midnight in such numbers, that he was
 forced to cast oft' suddenly, and soon
 fuund himself with seventy-seven men,
 women and children on board, besides
 the two white men who had come with
 him. Not a moment was to be lost;
 and away they swept down the broad
 Potomac, ffymg for liberty and life,
 from the capital of the freest and most
 enlightened nation upon the earth,"
 and steering dear of every vessel that
 boro the stars and stripes of the boast
 ed Republic.
 The daylight broke upon them, and,
 oh, God! if it is given to the spirits of
 the just made perfect to linger ibout
 the scenes of their early lore, what
 must bars been the sight revealed to
 the spirit of Washington on that peace
RIGHT IS Of NO SEX-TRUTH Of NO 001/&gt;R-GOU IS THE FATHER Of US ALL, AND ALL WE ARE BRETHREN
ful Sabbath morning? There, skulking
 under the shadow of hie loved Mount
 Vernon, fled feet ewey towards the
 i oceen, e freii berk, leden with four*
 score men, women end ctnidrtn,
 I striving to escape from the cruel tyran
 ny which reigned in the city honored
 by his name, their hearts oinking with
 terror, as they looked back upon the
 spires and the dome which bore aloft,
 in mockery the cross of Christ and the
 flag of freedom, over the slave*market,
 the slave-prison, and the sieve-owners;
 their hope rising to gladness, as they
 looked forward to the wide ocean, as to
 tb. (bw* 2~*-Zw+&gt;
 dering from the Egypt they left behind!
 And that city of his founding, what an
 aspect did it present to his benighted
 but saddened vision! What noise and
 confusion, what wrath and cursing,
 what fear and trembling! Masters and
 mistresses, in rage and despair, cry
 ing out that they had been robbed and
 ruined robbed of their hewers of
 wood and drawers of water —robbed of
 the bones and muscles of their human
 beasts of burden, by tho sweat of whose
 brows, and the toil of whose limbs they
 had lived in laziness; the magistrates
 hurrying to take counsel; the officers
 beating about upon the scent of the
 fugitives; the slaveholding Senators
 and Representatives increasing the
 turmoil, cursing the interference with
 their right, and threatening their com
 peers from the North, who hastened to
 purge themselves by solemn assurances
 of want of all knowledge of the plot,
 and all sympathy with the liberators.
 Meantime the mob gathers together;
 it swells to thousands, arms itself, and
 S'oes about threatening to emeute the
 rae presses, and drive out the free
 men, just as the mobs of Paris and
 Berlin break in pieces thrones and
 drive out tyrants, five la liberie! a
 baa lea tyrana!** cry the Frenchmen.
 —‘Hurrah for slavery! Down with
 universal liberty! ‘Damnation to those
 who meddle with our slaves!’ cry the
 Americans.
 During all this time, no tidings were
 heard of the runaways, and no know
 ledge was obtained of the direction
 they had taken; but the whole neigh
 borhood had become aroused. The
 slaves who had been out in the night
 were examined; some of them were
 whipped; and, amid the din and turmoil
 ofthe whites, were heard the agonizing
 shrieks of poor wretches who had failed
 to get on board the Pearl; until one of
 them—a mere boy—was so cut iuto
 the quick by the cruel “cat,” that be
 confessed all he knew. Instantly Is
 steamer was manned by free and fierce j
 republicans; the steam was urged up,
 and away they w ent in hot pursuit, j
 Meantime the little Pearl had glided
 down the river many leagues, until
 she approached its broad mouth, where
 it empties itself into the great Chesa
 peake Bay—an inland sea—which be
 gins to swell with a risirg tempest. The
 night was coming on; they had seen no
 sign of pursuit; they thought their
 course was unknown; they gave them
 selves up to a joyful feeling of security;
 they ran their vessel into a small cove,
 dropped anchor, and were soon asleep.
 But the slave-hunters were upon their
 track furious as tigers in the pursuit.
 Twice did they pass, in their steamboat,
 the little cove, and very near the Pearl,
 when at last, just as their stock of coal
 was about exhausted, they discovered
 their prey, and dashing suddenly on
 board, took them completely by sur
 prise. Indeed, the most of the negroes,
 worn out with the excitement, the hope,
 the pains, and the labor ofthe past day
 and night, were asleep under the
 hatches, which were suddenly fastened
 down upon them. Then went up the
 shouts of savage joy and exultation
 from the captors, mingled with the cries
 and groans of their poor victims, as
 the steamboat took the Pearl in tow,
 and sailed proudly in triumph towards
 the capital of the Republic. Then did
 the Potomac present a scene from the
 dark drama of the slave trade, which,
 if enacted on the Thames, the Seine,
 the Neva, or even the Dardanelles,
 would have roused a storm of indigna
 tion in the whole surrounding country.
 Yes! had these slave-hunters approach
 ed with their prey, so taken in the toils,
 any capital in Christendom, excepting
 Washingtan, they would have been re
 ceived with hisses and scorn, and their
 victims have been torn from their grasp
 oy a justly indignant populace. But
 their return to the capital of the Re
 public was hailed as a triumph; they
 were received with shouts of gralula
 tion; a wild joy thrilled through the
 city; the crowd ran eagerly together;
 and hardly could the poor negroes be
 carried in safety to their prison, so
 eager were the multitude to get hold of
 Drayton and his two white companions,
 and wreak their vengeance upon them.
 I will not dwell upon the sad fate of
 these poor slaves, who, catching here
 and there a word about tho glorious
 revolutions of Europe, foolishly thought
 they too were men, and might be free.
 Hurried off to the rice and cotton fields
 of the far South they may have to pine
 away under the lash wielded by free
 men. But, long as is my letter, I must
 add a word about Drayton and bis com
 panions. I found great difficulty in
 being admitted to a sight of them, for
 they were subjected to an imprisonment
 far more clone and cruel than 1 have
 ever known in this country.'even in the
 case of murderers. By dint, however,
 of the influence of two noble members
 of Congress, who have dared to stand
 up and stem the torrent of public fury,
 1 was allowed to enter and aee the men
 in pretence of the jailer. They had
 been kept au s*cret, as the French have
 it that is, cut off from all communica
 tion with aach other, with their friends,
 and with the world. The severity was
 How relaxed, and their counsel was ad-
RWHEStE!£!rY. FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 28, 1849.
mil/d to see them. 1 found Drayton
 to btf) tall nan, of iron frame, and]
 ataoeg Wtarvioed feat urea; quiet, yet
 ■tom m) •oflmehiof. Ho had fared j
 uardiy iiftta narrow atone cell, wuhoul
 a bed to’ie upon, and yet ho quailod
 not, attfeem plained not. He seemed
 to have node up hi* mind to endure the
 md knew that, in all probabili
 ty, a seiteoce of Jifo4ong imprisonment
 would *e Wdoom. lie said to me,j
 as he£raeped tlae hand 1 thrust in be*
 twee£ the grating. M i know that I
 ha the laws winch men hare]
 mado for this particular part o&amp;the
 but I hwfg broken 'nottc of the’
 laws which God enacted for all the,
 earth, and for alt time.*' I bade him
 cling to that thooghft, aa to an anchor
 of safety, and went endty nwey, to do
 what could be done o« hie behalf.
 He will have able attf earnest coun
 sel, men who hesitate not to beard the
 lion in his den; but I fear that it will
 not avail him, and that he will have to
 wear his weary jife away in a prison,
 unless that day which has dawned shall
 be hurried on to its meridian fulness, in
 the light of which neither slave prison
 nor slavery can be countenanced in the
 capital of this country. The fulness of
 that day may be nearer than we thnk
 lor; there are so many good men, and
 so many more good women, in .he
 South—the pressure of public opinion
 is becoming so strong, the moral feel
 ing is becoming so active, the sense of
 religious duty is becoming so keen, tie
 prickings of conscience are becomiig
 so sharp, and above all, the progress
 of humanity is becoming so rapid—that
 slavery must soon yield.
 There is one circumstance in the
 life of Lafayette, which strikes me as
 furnishing a remarkable proof of tie
 inconsistency and guilt of the proceed
 ings against Drayton. The Southern
 men, and even the Northern men, sty
 that it is not only wrong and illegal,
 but cowardly, to go by night into other
 States and steal away slaves; though
 they admit the right of the slaves to
 run away. When Lafayette was im
 prisoned at Oimutz—legally imprison
 ed, if the Austrian government was a
 legal one an American gentleman
 made a very gallant and almost suc
 cesslul attempt to rescue him; that at
 tempt was looked upon here as a noble,
 generous and heroic deeds and the au
 thor of it would have been carried in
 triumph from Maine to Georgia, had
 he been here. Such was the indigna
 tion which was felt at the imprisonment
 of one man, for a political offence, aud
 «*ch th« sympathy With his wpuidrbe
 rescuer. But wnea fourscore men,,
 women and children, are made slaves'
 for life, without any offence, and one
 American, Drayton, attempts their res
 cue, he is hooted at, from Maine to
 Georgia, as a wretch; and nothing
 but the granite walls ol a prison save
 hint from the fury of a mob, to be re
 served for the slow vengeance of the
 law. Such however, is poor humanity;
 such is the result of ignorance, error
 and wrong. May God hasten the day
 when they shall give place to know
 ledge and truth! Yours, &amp;,c.,
 S. G. HOWE.
From the Portland Transcript.
 PROGRESS OF REFORMS.
 True reform is not volcanic in its
 operations. It does not startle a sleep
 ing world by the sudden belching forth
 of tiery torrents of innovation, or the
 up-heaving of old foundations. It is
 rather like the little rivulet which
 steals forth from its source amid the
 hidden recesses of far-away mountains,
 and glides along, noiselessly at tirst,
 but as its course becomes obstructed,
 it works in its bed, gathers strength
 from all its tributaries, and rushes
 fearlessly on, until it forms a part
 of the great sea of life. And as the
 sources of many streams are often for
 gotten or unknown, so the origin and
 originators of most reforms are sligh
 ted and traduced by the world.
 Illustrations of the truth of this prop
 osition are numerous in the world’s
 history, but there is one now existing
 in our own land, which, to our mind is
 very striking.
 Just now the world is all agog at
 the enormity of slavery. The murmur
 of i ndignant voices rises all over thei
 land, and strong arms and stout hearts
 are valiantly at work to destroy the
 monster, or at least to stay his further
 progress. A great reform is iu opera
 tion The dead sea of slavery rumbles
 and roars and dashes its dark wavaa
 heavily under the strong gale of popu
 lar indignation. The purifying process
 has fully begun. To one who wishes
 to investigate the secret springs of hu
 man action.it is an interesting question,
 whence cometh this commotion? Where
 and when did the work begin? Who
 first aroused the sleeping sense of jus
 tice of the nation, an l directed the
 sympathies of the popular heart to the
 sufferings of the blacks?
 Doubtless since the earliest times
 and in nearly all hearts,there has lurk
 ed a sense of the wrong inflicted, but
 ii took not bodily form, and cried not
 boldly out for justice, until some eigh-.
 teen or twenty years since. Then was,
 heard the voice of one crying in the
 wilderness, and *«y»“g» R«pent ye,
 Repent! Then Garrison girdled up his
 loins, and went forth to battle with the
 nation, a nation proud ofita institu
 tions, and righteous in its own esteem.
 That he was opposed, denounced, im
 prisoned, mobbed, and nearly mtirder
 ed, the world knows; and the world
 knows, too, bow impotent were those
 acts truth has been spoken—
 God’s truth—and. as the truth ever
 wU! it found its way to the hearts of
 the people. In vein did ‘gentlemen of
 property end standing’ swear and fight,
 in vain did dignitariee threaten, infant
 did polUictmnt spent ehom patriotism,
and tremble for the safety of tbo ‘dear
 people/ and in rain did religionist* and
 pr:ests life up their hand* in holy hor
 ror, and call down curses on the beads
 oi those who would mature me *e»;ao
 lished order of society.’ Slowly, but
 surely, the divine leaven worked in the
 hearts of the people, and now behold
 the change!
 Slavery is a dangerous evil, cry the
 united voices of millions, and in that
 cry how many once discordant voices
 blend! He who once assisted in pla
 cing a halter around the neck of an in
 nocent man, is now shocked at the bar
 barities of the slave system :—They
 who but yesterday said that all aboli
 tionists should be imprisoned, are now
 thrusting into jail the agents of slave
 holders! Loud Mouthed politicians now
 shout themselves hoarse to prove their
 devotion to human freedom, as once
 they shouted in defence of slavery!
 And pious priests drawl dolefully over
 the iniquities of our southern brethren,
 and pray for the liberation of the bond
 man, as erst they prayed for the des
 truction of his best friend! And do not
 all join in doing justice to the man who
 opened their eyes to this wickedness?
 Alas, for the perversity of human na
 ture, no! The divine truth which he
 and his followers promulgated has for
 ced itself upon their acceptance, but
 the promulgators they reject. And
 why? Because, as the Spanish prov
 erb has it, the rnan who has done you
 an injury will never forgive you. Shall
 they acknowledge themselves in error
 to those they once reviled as totally in
 the wrong? Pride and prejudice for
 bid it. And now comes the most ludi
 crous part of their performance. Not
 only do they reject the early abolition
 ists, but they become suddenly alarm
 ed on account of the injury they are
 doing to the good cause! Pious, bc
 benevolent souls, how it grieves them
 to think of the good which might be
 done for the slave, were it not for these
 ‘hot-headed fanatics.’ They, good,
 honest, consistent, conscientious men,
 are extending all their sympathy for
 the slave in words, while those distur
 bers of the peace will persist in calling
 for action! How provoking that the
 true friends of the slave should he
 thwarted in their good intentions by the
 rash measures of those deluded men.
 Now if all this is not the utmost height
 of the ridiculous, it is assuredly the
 lowest depth of the contemptible. Why
 is it not as plain as the light of the
 heaven, that all these mournful philan
 thropists are bankrupt,utterly bankrupt,
 and are trading on borrowed capital
 Who arouseSa B th* public mtfla
 sense of the enormity of slavery? .The
 early abolitionists. Who gathered to
 gether the facts and statistics which
 now form the stock in trade of the pol
 itician? The early abolitionists. Who
 created that public opinion which the
 demagogue labors to propitiate,and be
 fore which the priest bows? The ear-j
 ly abolitionists. And what power now,
 holds the mas 3 of the people up to a
 certain point in the anti-slavery faith?
 The influence of early abolitionists.
 And yet, ‘gentlemen of leisure’ make
 speeches occasionally, and call them
 selves the only true friends of the
 slave!—while the hard working, perse
 cuted pioueers of the cause are his
 greatest enemies! True, the pioneers
 have gone a long way in advance of the
 multitude, and have struck into a
 strange path, but we must remember
 it was their task to drag behind them
 a people with a very swinish propensi
 ty to hold back, and hence they had to I
 advance a long way, in order to get
 the mass to move at all. They havej
 gone far into the future, and the future
 will do them justice.
CHEAP PATRIOTISM.
 In this goodly city of ours tnere is an
 abundance of cheap patriotism. Let
 it but be known that some 4,000 miles
 off, a people are becoming restless
 under long continued wrong and op
 pression, and forthwith our popularity
 seeking politicians are brimfull of the
 most disinterested philanthropy. They
 will, at a moment’s warning, congre
 gate together and pass patriotic; resolu
 tions by the hat full. A few months
 since the “domestic institutions” of old
 Ireland were not conducted to the sat
 isfaction of our humming bird patriots;
 a court-house sympathy meeting was
 therefore convened and tbe govern
 ment of England duly lectured in a se
 ries of resolutions, freely spiced with
 patriotic anathstnas against tyranny,op
 pression, kingcraft and all that sort of
 thing.
 Within the past year we have had,
 in this city of Louisville, public rneet-j
 ings of sympathy with the Greeks, the
 French, the Poles, the Irish, and the
 Dorr government of Rhode Island, all
 of which were doubtless very proper, j
 and against which we have not a word
 to say. We have attended many of
 these meetings, and we do not recollect
 of hearing a word said against inter- j
 fering with tbe “domestic institutions”!
 of an oppressing or on oppressed peo-
 pie. ‘Vested rights’ were generally for
 gotten. “The rights of property bad
 no peculiar sacredness or precedence
 over the “rights of persons.” Hoary'
 beaded precedent, if founded in wrong
 was bitterly denounced—tbe right and 1
 the true eloquently advocated. Men 1
 could then stand up and give utterance
 to those immortal sentiments of the
 Declaration of Independence—in which;
 it declared that “all men are created I
 equal, and that they are endowed by
 their Creator with certain unalienable
 rights, that among these are life, liber-
 t j and the pursuit of happiness.” With
 out any equivocating and contemptible
 comments—comments which are a dis
 grace to the living and a slander upon
 the dead— speakers and listener* spoke
 and acted generally American freemen
might be expected to speak and act,
 ■md one would not suppose that a stave
 could tread “the glorious soil of patri
 otic Kentucky.'*’
 The secret ot ail tms spowtaueoot
 patriotism lies on the surface. I'l
 COSTS NOTHING, AND IS POPU
 LAR. Wo can alford an abundance
 of eloquent denunciations against all
 oppression and wrong, provided it ex
 ists in another continent and in anoth
 er form than that which prevails in our
 land. Our skin-deep patriots can tread
 on the toes of the Pope, knock Gen.
 Oudioot over the knuckles, curse the
 Sivaaatneot of England, anathematise
 e Emperor of Russia, for all this
 can be done without suffering either in
 their purses or their popularity—but
 i ask them to “look at home,'* and too do
 or say something that shall tend to des
 troy a system of slavery that regards
 i MEN simply as property, and which
 I cannot be sustained a moment without
 a violation of the most sacred rights of
 humanity, and all at once they are “as
 dumb as oysters.” They will tell you
 that liberty is a very good thing Home
 i times and under certain circnmstances,
 but circumstances (especially color)
 ‘alter cases.’ That the sentiments
 about personal equality premulgated
 in the Declaration of Independence,
 are a ‘lying abstraction,’ long since
 exploded by the inventive genius of
 John C. Calhoun. That political and
 social wrongs are best remedied by the
 slow process of “moral causes.” That
 1 Jesus Christ does not in terms con
 demn slavery, therefore slavery can-
 I not be very wrong, and that after all
 slaves are in a better condition the
 than “free negroes.”
 With our views of right, as founded
 in the laws of man’s being, and as
 clearly proclaimed in our National
 Charter, we have no confidence! what?
 ever in this time-serving, and superfi
 cial patriotism, and we have no doubt
 that a large proportion of the fairweath
 er patriots who thus openly proclaim
 themselves the slaves of prejudice, and
 who are always ready to bow down to
 that ever-changing but omnipotent idol
 —public opinion—would, if they were
 residents of Europe, be the most obse
 quious slaves of monarchy, or the most
 radical levellers, just as the popular
 breeze or fie instincts of self-interest
 would seem to dictate.
 We have been led to make these re
 marks by reading the proceedings ot
 the meeting held at the Court-House
 on Monday evening last, for the pur
 pose of passing resolutions of sympa
 thy Cor those Hungarians who are now
 making a moat heroic straggle to ob
 tain that freedom which is the birth
 right of the human race.
 The resolutions passed meet with our
 unqualified approval.— Louisville Exam
 iner.
From lhe .N’atio ml Era.
 NUMBER OF SLAVEHOLDERS IN
 THE UNITED STATES.
 No census has ever given us the
 number of slave holders. We hear
 and see and feel so much of their pow
 er, that we arc apt to confound them
 with the white population of the South.
 It is one of our popular delusions, that
 every Southerner is the owner of
 slaves; whereas, in fact, the people
 who are forever threatening to dis
 solve the Union, unless permitted to
 govern it, are a very small landed aris
 tocracy.
 In “An Address to the Non-Slave
 holders of the South/' published a few
 years since, there was a long array of
 arguments and statistics, to prove that
 each master could not, on an average,
 hold less than ten slaves. Of course,
 on this average, the slave population*
 divided by ten, would give the number
 of owners, viz: 248,771. This num
 ber, deducted from the white males
 over 20 years old, in the slave States
 and Territories, vtz: 1,016,307, would
 give us 767,590 adult white non-slave
 holders.
 A fact has recently come to light,
 that most conclusively proves that this
 supposed average of the ten slaves to
 the masters is very far below the true
 number. It seems there was a census
 taken (1848) in Kentucky of voters,
 slaves, and slaveholders. Mr. Under
 wood of that State, in a recent speech
 published in the New York Express,
 gives the number of voters as 139,612
 —of slaves, 192,470 and of slave
 holders, 8,743!! being an average of
 more than 22 slaves to each master.
 Now, let it be recollected, that the
 slaves are necessarily less concen
 trated upon Kentucky farms, than they
 are upon the large cotton and sugar
 plantations of the more southern States.
 It is well known that the great planters
 hold from 100 to 2,000 slaves. A let- j
 ter, lately published in tha newspapers, 1
 from the* Parish of Ascension, Louisi
 ana, giving an account of the ravages
 of the cholera in the neighborhood,j
 •ays: “Mr. Fish has lost 20 negroes,
 Kenner 31, Ueile 40, Minor 66, Colo
 nel Bibb has lost 70; Bishop Polk 61.”*
 But applying even the Kentucky ratio, j
 which is obviously too small, to the&gt;
 whole slave region, the result is as
 tounding. The whole number of slaves j
 —men, women, and children—were,-
 by the last census, 2,487,711. This
 number, divided by 22, give* 113,977!
 as the sum total of the slaveholders iu
 the United States. Beyond all ques
 tion, this in an exaggerated estimate.
 We are now qualified to judge of
 the accuracy of the reports made by
 the slaveholders themselves of their
 number.
 Mr. Horace Mann, in a speech,
 June 30, 1848, in the House of Rep
 resentatives, observed: “I have seen
 the number of actual slaveholders va
 riously estimated, but the highest esli-
 Ditto I htn ibrtD hoa
 drtdtboDMDd'" H* kert inter-
I'flV MCI. p.«a.n
WIIOLE NO. W.
ruptcd by Mr Cayle of Alabama—"lf
 I the geniirmun Iroin .\J as»achu*ctts
 been informed that the nunu&gt;vr of *l***.
 holder* m only then 1 will |*U
 &gt;lUt U|» MitVtlU4ilu|| utility tS '9.
 Maun—“\\ ill the gentleman toil
 j u h°w many there are Mr. tia/le
 —“Ten timo* a* many.” l'en tnaea
 three hundred thousani bvi.ig three
 millions, there were, accoidug to the
 gentleman Iroin Alabama, in .ru *jave
 holders than slaves* Mr Meade, of
 Virginia, seeing tne awkward position
 in which Mr. Ciale hud placed himself,
 came to hi* relief by remarking—
 I "When father or mother owned slaves
 [they were considered the joint property
 of the family; and that, including the
 grown and the young, thero were about
 three million* interested in slave
 property.” Thus wa* it attempted to
 neutralize one absurdity by another.
 Allowing on an average six person* to
 a family, the slaveholders, their wives
 and children, cannot, in the aggregate
 exceed 600,000 nor the slaveholding
 voter*, 100,000!
 This small but powerful aristocracy
 wield the political adlhority of the
 States in which they reside; and this
 they do, not only through their wealth
 and superior education, but by making
 the masses bclievo that, by protecting
 and perpetuating slavery, they are pro
 moting the common good. According
 to Mr. Lnderwaod there ia in Kentuc
 ky a majority of 1:30,867 non-slava
 nolding voters; yet, at the recent elec
 tion, most ol these men were persuaded
 by "the Lords of the Lash” to go for
 everlasting slavery. 6
 It is obvious that the power of the
 masters rests wholly upon the igno
 rance and subserviency of the non
 •laveholders. Hence the wrath and
 trepidation manifested by the masters
 whenever an attempt is made to en
 lighten the masses as to the influence
 of slavery on their interests. Some
 years ago, the New Orleans papers
 announced that 500 copies of an ad
 dress to the non-slaveholders had been
 received at the Lost Office in that
 city; but, instead of being delivered to
 the persons to whom they were addres
 sed, they were burnt!
 Mr. Barrett has recently been ar
 rested in South Carolina, and is now in
 prison. His solo offence, and the only
 one of which he is accused, is that of
 having deposited in the Post Office
 sealed wrappers, addressed to certain
 white ciAzena, conta.ning a printed
 tract, written by a native of the State
 and virtually addressed to the non!
 •Uveholders of South Carolina.
 *7 e the effort* of»l*T*hnW**»
 fto keep their indigent fellow-citizen*
 in ignorance of the wrongs they suffer
 and ot the rights to which they are en
 titied and to punish whoever would
 enlighten them, a despotism as jealou*
 •old World.' S any k OWn in ,he
 Our 100,000 slaveholders are now
 threatening 20,000,000, of people with
 rebellion and civil war, if forbidden to
 establish, over vast regions of the Am
 erican continent now lice, the system of
 white serfage, with a landed aristocra
 cy, with which’South Carolina is
 cursed, i o their insolent and iniquit
 ous demand, the Wilmot*Proviso inter
 poses a stein denial. But niultitudt*
 of Southern citizens, recreant to their
 own republican professions, are devis
 ing how they may co-operate with tha
 champion* of human bondage, in pre
 venting the enactment of the Proviso.
 Many of the Whig leaders, fearful of
 offending their .Southern allies, are heap
 ing contempt upon the Proviso, calling
 it "an obstruction, and denouncing
 those who insist upon it, a* a faction
 The Hunker Democracy, in the face of
 the world, unblushinglyavow that they
 cannot consent to divide ihe party, and
 thus sacrifice their expectations of pow
 er and emolument, merely to secure
 the future liberty and happiness of New
 Mexico, and California. Never since
 the birthday of the Republic ha* any
 great political association been actua
 ted by more generous and disinteres
 ted motives, or proposed a more noble
 end, than the Free Soil party. For
 this party are reserved the plaudits,
 and for the Northern mercenaries of
 the Southern aristocracy the reproba
 tion, of unborn generations. A. B.
Bigotry.— What will God, in his
 justice, more surely give up to delu
 sion, thiin the sanctimonious bigotry
 which crucifies an error and hugs a sin
 The worst of all heretics is the man oif
 a loose practice. The best defence of
 purity is never to cast out of a church
 never to withhold the acknowledgement
 of brotherhood, for any kind of opin
 ion, which does not destroy the confi
 dence of character. By their fruits ye
 shall know them.—Or. Bushnell.
The Gateshead Observer states
 that an eccentne dissenting minister
 in that neighborhood has excommunica
 ted six members of his church for lis
 tening to the song ‘There’i a good
 time coming,’'when sung by a lady at
 an evening party.
Culture of Grave* is Ohio. —lt is
 stated in the report of the Agricultu
 ral Society for the county of Hamil
 ton 0., that not less than five hundred
 bushels of Catawba and Isabella grapes
 were sold at Cincinnati, during last
 season, “for table use.’’ The price is
 three to (bur dollars per bushel. But
 the quantity sold for the table is
 said to have been inconsiderable, conn
 pared with the quantity used in ibe
 manufacture of wine. The grape cul
 ture is profitably carried on in the vi
 cioily of Cincinnati, on the roughest
 bill sides, which are of but little value
 for the ordinary purposes of agricul
 ture.
