Frwn the Loado# Banknl of Freed**#.
 Meetitf to Welcome the Fugitive
 Mr. William Well# Brow#
 On WednodiT evening ls#l n important
 meeting wu held at the Leeture-hall. Croy
 don, for the purpooe of publicly receiving and
 hearing the atatemeot# of that intrepid *l*o
 of Ameitc*«» freedom Mr. William
 Well# Brown.
 The numerous advocate# of anti-slavery
 principle# in Croydon having heard of Mr.
 Brown arrival in England from America,
 where it i# well known he haa labored with
 the mo*t itgnal success for the delivery of hie
 brethren in Honda, determined them, some
 what appropriately, to invite him to make hia
 brat public appearance in thia country in a
 town so celebrated for it# anti-slavery zeal.
 They moreover, resolved to solicit the attend
 ance upon the occasion of that eminent
 champion of emancipation, George Thomp
 son, Keq., M. P., Mr. Brown, having con
 cluded hr# mission as delegate from his colored
 brethren in the United States to the late
 Peace Congress at Paris, where he most
 powerfully exposed the desolating influence
 of the war principle, practised by the profess
 ed followers of the Prince of Peafe, upon the
 condition, temporal and spiritual, of three
 million!) of his brethren in the Republic of
 America, determined to comply with the a
 hove request, and to commence at Croydon an
 extended anti-slavery tour, which, at the en
 treaty of the friends of freedom thronghoui
 the kingdom, he purposes to undertake in the
 principal towns of England, Ireland, and .Scot
 land.
 Long before the time of meeting, the Lec
 ture-hail was well fi led with a lughly-mflu
 ential and attentive auditory, including i.
 Morland Esq., of Heath-lodge, who was
 called upon to preside G. Thompson, Esq.,
 M. P.; Mr. W. W. Brown the Rev. W.
 Campbell, D. 'j.\ R. Sterry, Esq.; Peter
 Bedford, Esq.; Till, Esq. Crafter,
 E»q. Squier, Esq.
 The Chairman, in opening the proceedings,
 stated that the principal object of the meeting
 was to hail the arrival in England, and to in
 troduce to the notice of the British Abolition
 ists. Mr. William Wells Brown, who had es
 caped from slavery in the .State of Missouri,
 and had come to mis country with high testi
 monials from those vaiious bodies in the
 United States who were seeking the emanci
 pation of the American slaves. Mr. Brown's
 desire was to lay befote the British public
 some account of the present position and future
 prospects of the oau&gt;e of abolition on the
 other sole of the Atlantic (hear).
 Mr. G. Thompson also stated, that Mr.
 Brow n had been deputed, at a meeting of the
 colored inhabitants of the city of Boston, to
 attend the late Peace Congress in Pans. That
 gentlemen enjoyed the foil confidence and ap
 probation of all the parlies in Ameiica who
 were earnestly seeking the extinction of slave
 ry throughout Ihe great American Republic.
 He had for somewhat more than five years
 labored unceasingly in the cause of his en
 slaved brethren—a cause most dear to him,
 inasmuch not only as himself an escaped
 slave, hut from the fart of his having at that
 tone a mother, throe brothers,and one sister
 still in slavery in America, although he knew
 not where they were 'ocated. Mr. Brown
 had come to England fully accredited, bearing
 testimonials of his unimpeachable moral
 character, his most self-denying attachment
 to the cause of the brethren he had left beh nd
 him in bondage, and with 1 lie character of a
 man who had, bv his amiable qualities, com
 mended himseifi not only to the canfidence,
 but to ihe warn) friendship, of the friends ol
 freedom in the United States. Thus, sanc
 tioned by those w hom he had left behind, and
 with one of the best and holiest objects to
 promote, he would no doubt meet from that
 meeting, and the public at large, ihe mosl
 cordial reception and kind attention which, in
 such a cause, a stranger was entitled to re
 ceive at the hands of a British audience
 (hear).
 Mr. Brown, in coining forward, was greet
 ed with warm applause, which having sub
 sided, he said, that, in coming before a Brit
 ish public as the advocate of the Ameriear
 slave, he had nothing to commend himself ir
 the way of educational attainments, having
 been brought up under the institution of
 slavery, without schooling, or the opportunity
 of obtaining that which every good citizen
 should possess, and be desirous of atiaining—
 education. When speaking in America ol
 the friends of the slave in England, every
 heart that was capable of beating tor freedom
 leapt for joy. ’There was in the United Staten
 a higher appreciation of the advocacy of the
 friends of freedom in this country than the}
 themselves probably supposed. The people
 of Great Britain had already done a great dea
 for the cause of emancipation in America
 I.«et even a small meeting of the friends of ihe
 slave be held in England and it was immedi
 ately published in America, and men whi
 cared nothing about the cause of abolitioi
 there, would talk about such a meeting as a
 matter of consequence. But the people ol
 this country had not only already accomplish
 ed much for the American slave, hut tliev
 had it in their power to effect a great deai
 more(hear). Let an American slaveholdei
 he warmly received in any part of Europe,
 and ihe whole body immediately rejoice that
 one of their number had met w ith sueli an
 honorable reception but let him be received
 here, as every man should be who robbed a
 large portion of his countrymen of their liber
 ties, and the Americans immediately take that
 reception to heart, and it exercises great in
 fluence upon them. No meeting could be
 held in this country, no matter for what pur
 pose, but especially of a moral and religious
 characier, to which the slaveholders ol
 America were not anxious to send representa
 tives (hear). If a world's Evangelical Alli
 ance was projected, or a world’s Temperance
 Convention was held in England, slaveiy was
 sure to lie represented (hear). If a Peace
 Congress was called together in Paris, slave
 ry was present. And why was that Be
 cause the slaveholders w ished to make slavery
 appear before the world as good and tolerable
 a thing as possible. Among the first persons
 Whom he (Mr. Brown) saw upon the floor of
 the Pans Peace Congress were two slave
 holders front America, who had come over to
 England in the same steam-vessel as himself.
 Whether they w ere or w ere not delegates he
 could not say but they sat among, and had
 the same badge or card of admission as the
 delegates, -uid yet it was known to a number
 of the members of Congress that those men
 were slaveholders (hear, hear). Now had
 those individuals been received in Paris as
 they should have been received consistently
 with their true characters—as men stealers
 il would have created a great stir in the
 United Elates. Had ’.hey been regarded m the
 same manmr as people would unhesitatingly
 look upon a horse-thief, orone who committed
 high-handed act ol injustice against hi*
 fellow men, they would not have dared m re
 main in that Congress but, as it was, they
 continued there, as any other member,’ until
 the close of the bitting. He (Mr Brown)
 however, thanked God that the anti-slavery
 cause had made such progress wnhin the last
 twenty years, that if slaveholders were sent
 over to represent the United .States m a
 World’s Evangelical Alliance, borne Gamson
 would make lit# appearance on the outside
 when the meeting was adjourned, and let the
 friends of freedom throughout Europe know
 that slaveholders had been there and thus
 they would be prevented accomplishing that
 w hich they had designed (bear, hear, and
 cheers). If at a great Tenij&gt;erance Conven
 tion slaveholders were sent here to represent
 America, some Douglass would there make
 his appearance, and create such a stir as
 would defeat their purposes and if they got
 up a World'•"Peace Congress, some fugitive
 slave, hke himself, would break loose from
 his chains, make his appearance upon the
 platform, and let the people know that slavery
 was s'llhu existence in the United Stales,
 and that u was not ibai respectable thing m
 reality which some Aiuencan delegates would
 fain have it appear (cheers). Although an
 Amwto huMcit, be (Mr. Brown) recurved
mm prgwnioo in England than be abould tt
 f the Untied Suita. Tbt people of England
 had bill a very faint idaa of what slavery waa.
 They had, no doubt, many of them heard aad
 read a g mat deal aboat slavery ia Amenea;
 hot bea the friends of freedom came before
 a British audience they had to pick and eoll
 from the mam of evidence the least disgust
 ing details which the auditory would be will
 ing to listen to. He dare not bring before
 them the horrors of the slave-trade ia Aamti
 ca, or what he himself had witnessed of
 slavery (heir own mural feeling would not
 allow of the detail, or, if it would, be for one
 would not be willing to go into those revolt
 ing statements. But it waa common in Eu
 rope to aak, “Were not the slaves in Ameri
 ca bettei off in their aopply of food and cloth
 ing than the poorer classes in Europe f” He
 (Mr. Brown) would not atop to eoquue
 f whether they were or were not better off as
 far as food and clothing were concerned he
 protested against American slavery, because
 it enslaved man, and brought the human being
 down from the high position which God in
 tended him to occupy, and placed him upon a
 lower level than the beast of the field. Sop
 pose the slaves in America did in fact get
 enough to eat and wear—grant tt all —what
 conqiensaiion was that for being robbed of
 every right as men Look at the three
 j millions of slaves in America wit
 ness the slave-trade as carried on in the capi
 tal of the United Sutea, in Virginia, Ken
 tucky, Maryland, and those places where
 slaves w ere raised for the supply of the south-
 I ern market: look at the internal slave-trade,
 and then ask whether food and clothing was
 j any compensation whatever for the depriva
 tion which the slaves underwent? He (Mr.
 Drown) had not seen a poor man, woman, or
 child since he landed upon the British soil
 who was worse off than the slaves in the
 1 United States. What was food and clothing
 to a man as long as he knew that he was a
 chattel slave—the property of another per
 son What was the utmost amouut of food
 and clothing to a man when be knew that he
 might be placed upon an auciion-stand, sold
 to flie highest bidder, and torn from his wife
 j and children and everything that was dear to
 him? Then look at the mental degradation
 jof the slave. If a man handed a copy of the
 Bible to a slave, or taught him to lead the
 truths it contained, he was severely punisha
 ble by law. Why, only a few weeks before
 he (Mr. Brown) left America, a clergyman
 thought he was doing service by establishing
 Sabbath schools m one of the northern slave
 States, by merely getting a dozen slaves to
 gether, and teaching them what he conceived
 to be the principles of Christianity and yet
 that very minister of religion was taken up,
 and received for that Christian act thirty
 lashes upon his bare back under the sanction
 of the laws of the country (hear). No, no,
 he (Mr. Brown) would rather bea beggar in
 England than the best conditioned slave in
 America (cheers). Jf he were to die of
 hunger, however, let him perish at least free,
 without manacles upon his limbs. “1,“ said
 Mr. Brown, “have felt the chains upon iny
 own limbs, and 1 have never seen a single
 moment since 1 escaped from slavery in Mis
 souri that I would exchange for the best por
 tions of slavery which I have left behind.
 And yet, since 1 made my escape from slave
 ry, 1 have had to struggle for existence as
 I hard as the poorest man in England, having
 come out from under the institution of slavery
 destitute of education or friends, in the coldest
 winter season, without a penny in my pocket
 j orJany to. And yet I had rather
 grope my way along, and try toget my living
 under the most disadvantageous circumstances
 i than serve a single moment under the institu
 tion that 1 have left behind me (cheers). It
 was a principle in the slave-holding States
 that the negroes must be kept in degradation
 jin order to be retained in slavery. In 1844 a
 clergyman from the North proposed to send a
 ship-load of Bibles, and missionaries to teach
 the slaves to read them, but he was told that
 I if be did so he must send with them another
 I vessel freighted with soldiers, muskets, and
 bayonets, for the purpose of protecting the
 planters, for if the slaves had education they
 would not longer be retained in subjection—
 i.(hear) —as it wanted nothing but the power
 of knowledge to liberate them. When the
 i people in this country read of some slave hav
 i ing been whipped to death or hung, with on
 ly a sham trial before or three slavehold
 ers. they were horrified p and yet these were
 nothing more than the circumstances natural
 ly incident to slavery. Instead of vainly seek
 ing to better the condition' of the slave, let
 them then seek to knock off the chains from
 his limbs, and not be content with anything
 short of that. The government of the United
 States was on the side of slavery instead of
 being the friend of freedom. In its very capi
 -1 tal men could obtain the privilege of buying
 and selling human beings, and of trading in
 human flesh, for the sum of 400 dols. per
 annum and in sigh*, of the capital might
 be seen negro-pens and warehouses where
 men were kept for sale. Andyefthe men who
 practised that traffic were the professed
 followers of the meek and lowly Jesus
 Christians in good and regular standing in
 some of the churches of America! (hear).
 W ithin the last twenty years the American
 government had used its influence for the
 spread of American slavery and even where
 i it was abolished in Mexico, it had been rein
 stated by the United States. If a negro made
 his escape from a slave to a free State, and a
 Christian man gave him a crust of bread and a
 cup o! cold water, that good man was for that
 very act subject to a fine of 500 dollars.
 When he (Mr. Brown) was making his es
 cape he had nothing whatever to eat, except
 a few ears of corn which he plucked by the
 I way and yet, sick and weary as he was at
 i b»st. and almost ready to die, he dared not ask
 relief until he saw a Quaker come by (cheers).
 Some of the most heroic attempts had recent
 ty been made by slaves to obtain their free
 dom. One man, to gain his liberty, had
 travelled in a railway carriage upwards of
 300 miles, packed in a little box, breathing
 Ood’s air only through small gimblet holes,
 j W ere he (Mr. Brown) about to depict the
 1 ,rue character of American slavery, if he
 could, he would pluck a feather from the
 wing of some fallen angel, dip it in the wail
 ings of despair, and write upon the blackened
 walls of perdition in characters which would
 frighten the hyena out of his ferocity. What
 justice was there in America for the slave? A
 woman was recently tried for causing the
 neaili of a negro girl she was acquitted, on
 tiie ground that it was her slave-woman who
 actually committed the deed. The slave-wo
 tnsn was afterwards tried and acquitted, on
 •he ground tnat she committed the murder on
 the authority of her mistress (hear). If a
 colored man went to Washington without
 free paper*, he would be thtown into gaol,
 there to remain until he had paid the goal
 fees if unable to do so, he waa sold, to raise
 the amount of such fees, and the balance of
 the produce of sale actually went to swell the 1
 treasury of the United States government. He
 (Mr. Biown) thanked God, however, that
 there was an asylum still left for the slave,
 and that the Canadas, at the present moment!
 w«re the land of refuge for more than 20 000
 escaped bondmen (cheers). Nor could he
 convey to that meeting the feeiiugs which
 came over him when he landed at Liverpool
 and felt that he was really free. Then he
 could indeed adopt the language of the poet,
 and say—
 "frl En MUd old En b,ld! bW»sd and
 thse;
 tZ? Wuod W&gt;t y bis
 old Eugbad, frU,
 te M i.
 fa-
 And the mm of Grant Brtuw my &lt;fcsp
 •ee,
 Till Iheym with one votes, ‘Lei the kmrndmm
 be free!’ ■^wan
 Mr. Brown concluded a long and eloquent
 apeech amid loud appiauaa.
 Mr. Gmki TftWftw, M P. r Urn reta
interest in the proceedings oothe masting- la
 s few weeks it would be eighteen yearn mnee
 he stood os thftt spot to advocate the elamm
 to liberty of 800,000 aim ia the Bfitidl col
 onies, tnd he ceeM oot ferget, either the
 hospitality with which he wee treated, or
 the encouragement that was fires to hue to
 proseeste the csese he had undertaken. He
 might bow congratulate the friends of free
 dbra present, who had haen permitted to share
 in that great struggle and to witness its bap*
 ay consummation; and he woeld remind the
 vonng who would be called ie fetere to per
 form labors ie a similar cause, that lew than
 twenty reart ago the extinction of diwy
 m the West Indian seamed an hopeleaa as the
 overthrow of slavery in the United Staten now
 appeared. At the time of which be spoke
 the highest among the peers and prelates of
 England, a majority in both Houses of Parlia
 ment, and all the great commercial interests
 in the country, were opposed to abditioe; yet,
 when the nation or nations became coligh
 tened .aroused, and in earnest, the great moan*
 ure was carried, and the year of jubilee was
 proclaimed throughout the islands of the west.
 The trreeiatahle mandate was promulgated,
 that the sataoic reign of slavery should cease.
 The morning dream of the almost divine Cow
 per was realised—the genius of the country
 went forth over the sea:—
 “She at, and a ahield at her side
 ghed light like the soa oa &gt;he waves;
 Aad smiling divinely, she said,
 1 go to make frtVsw of slaves.*
 Aad Britannia, mowaed o’er the waves
 For the hatred she ever had mows
 To the black-sceptred rulers of slaves,
 Resolved to have bom of her own.”
 (Cheers). es, the dream ofCowpeiJin 1771
 became a reality in 1834; as did also the
 prediction of the still living bard of the slave,
 James Montgomery, who in 1807, sung—
 Muse! take the harp of prophecy; behold!
 The glories of a brighter age unfold.
 Friend of the outcast, view the accomnlised plan
 The Negro towering to the height of man.
 For justice, leagued with mercy from above,
 Shall reign in all tli** liberty of love;
 And the sweet shores beneath the balmy West,
 Again shall be the islands of the blest.
 He (Mr. Thompson) would call upon all the
 fnends of humanity to rejoice over the great
 victory. Let them not heed the sordid croak
 ings of those worse than Egyptian taskmas
 ters, who had no standard by which to meas
 ure the prosperity of a West India Island but
 the number of cotton bales, or sugar hogs
 heads, or rum barrels exported on their own
 exclusive profit. Perish, if it must be so,the
 sweets of the cane, and the prosperity of the
 tyrant planter!—give us in their place, woman
 rescued|from the lash—the curse removedjfrom
 unborn millions—our nation delivered from
 guilt—-and God acknowledged as the only
 rightful proprietor of the mysterious and im
 mortal being, whom He had stamped with
 his own image, and created for his own glory
 (loud cheers.) But there was no cause for
 fear: it was not necessary that man should be
 degraded—that he should be “yoked with
 the brute and fettered to the soil,” that we
 should have sugar, cotton, or rum:—there
 were higher motives than the scourge to induce
 men to labor, and when “tyrants and slaves
 no more the earth should see,” the cotton
 field and the cane brake would bloom and
 wave as beautifully and as abundantly as the
 rich harvest which God in bis goodness had
 granted to this country, or the Indian corn
 fields of New England, tilled by the free and
 thriving sons of those who stepped ftom the
 deck of the Mayflower upon Plymouth rock
 (great applause.) He (Mr. Thompson)was
 delighted to be present, because it afforded
 him the opportunity of joining those around
 him in extending a Iraterr al, an English, and
 a Christian welcome, on his first appearance,
 to the friend and brother before them, Wil&gt;
 liam Wells Brown. It was on his account,
 and for his sake solely, he (Mr. Thompson)
 had visited Croydon. The person who had
 addressed the meeting was a stranger; but he
 came with good credentials, and was, there
 for®, welootno- He need feel himself a stran
 ger no longet; he would every where find
 i those who would esteem it a privilege to
 cherish him and speed him on his way. He
 was an American, and therefere, doubly wel
 come. He (Mr. Thompson) would have ev
 ery American, not a supporter of the horrible
 system of slavery, treated with the utmost
 hospitality and kindness; that so the bonds of
 love and friendship might be drawn closer
 and closer still, between those whose altar,
 whose language, whose literature, whose in
 terests, whose mission and destinies were one
 (cheers). Mr. Brown was an American ab
 olitionist of the right stamp, snd as such would
 i not only be hailed as a friend and a guest,
 but united with as a fellow laborer in the
 cause of universal freedom; and he would
 I find many who would be rejoiced to strength
 en bis hands, and those of that most worthy
 and courageous band who were waging a sub
 lime moral war with oppression, under the
 flag which, twenty years ago, had been un
 furled by the undaunted Garrison, and ever
 i since, w ithout a stain and without a reverse,
 had nobly braved the battle and the breeze.
 But the chief reason why the man before us
 should be welcomed with cordiality and en
 thusiasm was, that he was a colored man, and
 a fugitive from slavery (cheers). He was
 in complexion, in origin, in suffering, in sym
 pathy, and in proscription, the bona fide rep
 resentative of three millions of men in chains
 and of tens of thousands more, held down
 by the manacles of a hated and inhuman
 prejudice against color. His recognition
 that night, therefore, was not a mere wel
 come extended by that assembly to an individ
 ual, but a recogntiion by those who represen
 ted fairly and truly the sentiments and feel
 ings of Great Britain of one who was the rep
 resentative ol the enslaved and the down-trod
 en in all America. Lei William Brown ac
 cept it as such, and believe that in taking
 his hand as that of a brother and an equal,
 we take the hand of every colored man, in
 cluding the meanest and the most despised
 found within or without the realms of slavery
 in the United States (cheers.) in this wel
 come there was no condescension on the part ol
 those who gave it. The injunction was to
 ’honor all men.’ The slaves were men; the
 most Z effaced and larciated amongst them
 was a man. Measured by his capacity for
 suffering, for enjoyment, ay and for depte
 datum—tested either by his virtues or hia
 vices—analyzed by the faculties of hia soul,
 by the dread responsibilities from which he
 could not escape, by the pries paid for hii
 redemption, by the heaven for which he waa
 eligible, and by the eternity of suffering at
 enjoyment that awaited him—he was a mao;
 the equal of the President of the United
 Stales; the equal of the monarch of England:
 and the equal, in his essential elements, of the
 most gifted being who ever dazzled the worl d
 by the effulgence of his genius (cheers) Mr.
 Thompson, alter enlarging on the character
 of American slavery, and making an earnest
 appeal to the audience to coounoe their ef
 forts in the anti-slavery cause, -by
 refertng to the career of Mr. Brown in the
 United States, and to the many 1§
 which had been foi warded to this eoentry in
 favor of that gentleman’s zeal and efficiency.
 Mr. Thompson sat down amidst great ap
 plause.
 The Rev. Dr. Caxpbxll (late mimirmiir
 in India moved the following resolution;—
 "That this meeting extends to Wilham W.
 Brown, a fugitive from the house of bondage
 in the United States,sod the representative of
 the enslaved three millions of his native laad,a
 sordini welcome to the shores of England,
 and earnestly hopes that hia labors ia behalf
 sf his brethren ie eh sine may wvjmt large
 ly to hasten the time when every yoke shall
 tie broken, and liberty afiall be pceefeamed
 throughout all ike land to all tha mhakiiaam
 thereof.”
 Ktcaaan Srsaar, Eoq., ascended the reso
 lotion, which was carried —mtisnsslj
 Mr. TaoMmoM moved, aad Mr. Bsowa
 sseooded, a vote of thanks te tha chairman,
 which was earned. Aad after alamo n«mhsi
 tfMrJßrowa’a narrative had hesa pmekmed,
TkUhwtr Twm-
 Atft Co«T«stioQ of the Liberty Party, held
 aCortiudviltoM the sth mat., upon of
 wfcoae pnmMdng* we find ui »b* Impartial
 Griftee, for the aominatioa at State officers,
 —doUier boimeoe, the followteg MHMlaat
 wen adopted, i
 let. Whereas, the people need net anything
 aad an oenfo in receiving anything, at the
 *»eda at gorernnent, excepting proteetioo
 and. even thie, a proteetioo only whereto they
 cannot protect themselves:
 Resolved, therefore, that government is aa
 tnoefa eot of in province, whjp undertaking
 l* aftpply its subjects with achosb and roada
 aad canals, u it is in its province, when pro
 tecting then in their right to persons 1 liberty;
 and in their right to participate in the election
 of the civil ruler; and in their right to boy
 and sell foody in eveiy market; and in tbeiir
 right to be seeure from the bornd dangers to
 life and property, which all are exposed to,
 where government licensee, or permits the
 traffic in intoxicating drinks, or, in other
 words, the manufacture of mad men; and in
 their right to disown ail obligation to pay the
 debts of former generations; and in the right
 (as perfect as to the light or air) of each of
 them to hie needed share of the soil.
 3d. Resolved, That we have no right to
 patronise the American Missionary Associa
 tion, or the American Baptist Free Mission
 Society, or any other religious enterprise,
 which is conducted by men, who uphold un
 righteous civil government, mud vote civil rule
 into the hands of anu-abotiiiooists, and land
 monopolists, an* rum-sellers, and rum-drink
 ers.
 3d. Resolved, That, by all our love of
 truth and mercy, of God and man, we be
 aeech our fellow citizens of every part of this
 nation, to aubecribe the following Petition,
 and to keep on subscribing it until the aggre
 gate of the petitioners be hundreds of thous
 ands;
 To the Congrese of the United State*
 We call your attention to some of the atro
 cious wrongs and stupendous frauds done in
 the District of Columbia: and, by all that is
 Eracious and sacred in the rights of man, and,
 y all that is commanding and fearful in the
 authority of God, we ask you to put an end
 to these wrongs and frauds.
 Ist. Daniel Drayton and SayTe are
 in prison in the District of Columbia, and they
 are to be kept there until they shall have done
 the impossible thing of paying $17,760, the
 amount of the fines so cruelly and wickedly
 imposed upon them. This is their doom,
 because, in the first place, there were found
 in the vessel, which they navigated, seventy
 four of their wretched fellow-beings, who
 weie seeking to escape fiom slavery—This
 a their doom, because, in the second place,
 their judges, adopting the shameful and mon
 strous falsehood, that slavery has a legal ex
 istence in the District of Columbia, a legal
 existence under our anti-slavery National
 Constitution —transmuted the merit of these
 two men into a crime—their rare merit into a
 high crime. With these Judges, who are
 guilty of being the servants of pirates, and ol
 installing in the place of righteous and holy
 law, the assumptions of lawless piracy,
 what leas should be done than to impeach
 them! What less indeed should be done
 with any United Slates Judge, who is guilty
 of admitting, in his official capacity, the legs
 existence of slavery
 2d. The present Secretary of State is guil
 ty of prostituting his high office to the service
 of the siavehnlding interest. His refusal to
 grant "a passport or protection” to Heory
 Hambleton, a colored person, was based, dis
 tinctly and solely, on the ground of Mr. Ham
 bleton's complexion—ls not Congress bouurj
 to provide effectually against the repetition
 of this scandalous offence
 3d. The present Marshal of the Districl
 of Columbia, is another instance of the abuse
 of official power, which calls loudly for the
 action of Congress. He, too, makes righu
 turn upon complexion —and he goes so fai
 in this direction, as to imprison, and other
 wise outrage colored persons, who, if they
 were but white persons, would be entirely
 unmolested by him. This charge is fully
 justified by his recent crime against Edward
 Brooks.
 4th. There are persons, even thousands ol
 them, in the District of Columbia, who are
 actually held as slaves !—and they are claim
 ed to be so held under the laws of Congres
 We, surely, need not say, that there are nr
 laws of Congress authoiizing slavery. Ii
 slavery can be legalized by any authority, it,
 nevertheless, cannot be by a legislature,
 whose powers are bounded by the anti-slavery
 Constitution 'of the United States.—How
 absurd the supposition, that Congress can es
 tablish slavery at Westpoint, or wherever it
 has a fort or arsenal And yet, if Congress
 have power to establish slavery in the District
 of Columbia, it has power to establish it
 wherever Congie*3 has exclusive jurisdiction.
 We respectfully submit, whether Congress,
 inasmuch as there is a wide spread deiusiun
 that it has power to create and legalize slave
 ty, should not hasten to declare that it has noi
 such power. But whatever may be expedient
 on this point, there can be no reasonable
 doubt, that Congress is bound to put an im
 mediate end to slavery in the District of Co
 lumbia, and to guard against its recurrence
 Jy the terrors of the highest Densities.”
THE NORTH STAR.
ROCHESTER, OCTOBER 6, 1849.
Oar Late An li«Slaverr Tour.
 While on the wing, travelling from place
 to place by day and speaking by night, I could
 give my readers only a dry statement of
 facts connected with my meetings, accompa
 nied with an occasional remark respecting the
 late Anti-Slavery Fairs. I now fee! that a
 word is d«e as to the state of the lecturing
 field. From the experience of the last four
 weeks, and the general aspect of the public
 mind in this region,! am satisfied there never
 was a tune that afforded a better opportunity
 of doing good by Anti-Slavery lectures than
 now. The field may be properly said to be
 white for the harvest. A general disposition
 to hear the subject discussed is manifested
 in all quartos; and I am persuaded that if one
 or two devoted and earnest laborers coaid be
 secured to lecture in the field, they would
 not only greatly advance the common cause,
 bat secure the prompt aid aod warm sympa
 thy of great numbers of the Abolitionists.
 The bitter opposition with which the Gatrisou
 Abolitionists were once mat in this quarter,
 has mostly subsided since those from whom
 it formally came, have for the morn part, so
 eompletaly fallen from Anti-Slavery grace,
 and have accommodated themselves so cutusiy
 •ks low Maadaid now adopted by the Free
 sod party, or tfao Barnburners, that they have
 *ha power, if they bad the dispoamoo, to
 preaeat a forrmdsbls (root to a radical aoti
 alamy advocate. Scarcely anything re
 maiaa to ho combated Jboi open hostility ,u the
 ■fropo a guilty church sad pto-elsvery
 pnmrhsad. The political parties ace au
 aqaaUy behmeed in iheir respective postuoos
 *h|Md to Slavery, aad ere ae anxious to so
 saw the good opinisas of the anti-slavery pob
 lie, that thoir lot data m this quarter shrink
 frem evert opposition, and prefer to act wholly
 on the defensive. They are more disposed to
 «*mmoed themselves far thoir snli-eisvery t
 Smm—Sm. vd, fc.
 at Si mm mm* if

tTZ.tr 11
 New y**,’ We not laborer*,
 *&gt;d we oaght to ham then b*t 1m! *k*T
 «a few number, and are rioeely occupied
 inqaaitem where they mil Single band
 ed and alone, I shall go facth dating the re
 mainder of the aatamn and winter, speaking
 to the best of nay ability, and doing ail in asj
 power to ealtivate this section of the aatt-sia
 ▼ery field—r.
 Hoaeore Falla.
 Oa Tbarsday last, 1 visilad this tnwa, with
 a view to apeak to tbe people *ba subject
 of slavery Tberehnd boon ao iaUamtion giv
 en of my intended Lectors, and of coarse, no
 preparations had been nude. I was therefore
 compelled either to leave tbe place witbeat a
 bearing, or to seek a boose, aod proclaim the
 notice myself. Tbe time was short —tbe sun
 waa nearly down, and I loand I must do what
 was to be dose quickly.
 I therefore immediately called on Mr. Og
 den a member and trustee of the Methodist
 Episcopal Church, in the hope of obtaining
 the use of the Methodist House for the meet
 ing. I soon found that he had but little sym
 pathy with the slave. Instead of replying at
 once to my application, be engined,** Axe
 you 'one of those that speak dyritnt tW
 church? I answered, “I am one of those
 that speak against a pro-slavery chnrch.’
 Said be you evade my question, Do you con
 demn the churches of the north.*’ I answer
 ed “Yes if they hold fellowship with slave
 holders.” Well, said he, “I am not in favor
 of letting anyone into the church who will
 abuse it.” He added, however, that if all
 the rest were willing he would have no objec
 tions.” I next enquired, who the rest were, 1
 but from this pious defender of the church, no
 answer was returned. I reminded him that il
 his church were built upon the Rock, and ij
 he believed it to be so built, he could have no
 ground to fear that anything I might be able to
 say could have the power to injure it, and 1
 cited that scripture which states that the
 gates of hell shall not prevail against it.' 1
 But this was to no purpose since the man wat
 probably conscious that his church could not
 pretend to be the one described in this passage.
 I here turned my back upon the man and hit
 church, (finding no sympathy with either,)
 and i applied at Beagle’s Hotel for the use Oj
 his ball room which was readily granted
 to me.
 Thus it is, and thus it has ever been. The
 cause of (lod is received more gladly by the
 world than by a corrupt and hoilow church;
 shut out from the house of prayer, it takec
 shelter in a ball room and may it not yet be
 said, as of old, which is nearer to thekingdonc
 of heaven the Pharisee or the Publican
 After securing the room, I borrowed a large
 dinner bell from the tavern, and proceeding
 through the village, proclaimed my owe
 meeting. This is the third or fourth time
 that I have been compelled either to adopi
 this measure or to be defeated in my purpose
 to speak to the people; and lam resolved it
 pursue this course whenever 1 am persuader
 that the occasion requires it, for gonhin
 would please pro-slavery Priests and Politi
 cians more than to silence the anti-slavery ad
 vocate by excluding him from their meeting
 houses and by refusing to give publicity tc
 his meetings. They shall not have thii
 pleasure, although I confess it costs roe some
 thing to be under the necessity of resorting
 to this novel mode of procedure.
 The meeting in the evening although noi
 large was attentive, and I had an opportunity
 of making known to the people of the place t
 few of the reasons why the Methodist Churcl
 and other Churches so closely guarded theii
 doors against the approach of anti-slavery ad
 vocate.
 The Ministers and Officers of these church
 es know full well that tbe action of the church
 i has been on the side of slavery, and they fur
 ther understand that a faithful exposure ol
 that action would materially lower those or
 ganizations in tbe estimation of a candid pub
 lic. It is from no motive of shielding any
 principle nor of protecting any righteous or
 ganization from assault that they oppose the
 admissioa of anti-slavery men iute their meet
 ing-houses. But they do this with a view to
 cloak the wickedness of their siaveholding
 position. For such Christians we have but the
 same respect that we entertain for the an
 cient Scribes and Pharisees which they so
 much resemble.—r. d.
Acknowledgment.
 We gratefully acknowledge the receipt o
 one hundred dollars as a donation from th&lt;
 Western New York Anu-slavery Society, it
 aid of the Nokth Stab. The Executivt
 Committee will acarcelv need to be assure*
 us, that this valuable donation is reoeived a
 a moment when it is greatly needed. Th&lt;
 expense attending the publication of a pape
 like ours, is necessarily large and as it ad
 vocates the most radical phase of the Anti
 slavery movement, and as it is without tlx
 ususl agents and appliances for obtain in j
 subscribers, it must look, in part, for sup por
 from liberal donations by its pe&gt; irons. Tb
 Western New York Anti-Slav ery Social;
 will therefore receive our sincere thanks fo
 their timely and valuable aas» ranee. W«
 eannot, however, allow this ackn owiedgmerx
 to go forth, unaccompanied by an expression
 of onr deep and warm gratitude, eepecia 11]
 to Mrs. Amy Post, and to Misses Julia an'
 Et.xi Griffiths. To them, more than to say
 others, the Executive Comauttee are indebted
 for their ability to make the vafauble donation
 ia question. Those ladies have devotsd ai
 ■oat their whole ume for six weeks past,
 m wdaatnonsly for, sod attending
 the Fans advert The inaaoer in wbieh
 they have ateormed the cnrreet of oppeoitieo,
 coldness and indifference, overcome pre
 judice, and the various obstacl es throws is
 their way m admirable sod roul-cbeenng.
 We tegr,4 the gnus rone ro npst iturn of thasa
 invaluable; sod wt Iwheve that
 while they will do a noble work fo* the slave,
 will ears for themselves foe nooidaaea
 *°d esteem of the slave’s heat friends,
 wherever they go. Bet while we thank font*
 d r we do not forget foe saleable
 assistance kindly extended to them by the
 Anti-Slavery ehefos is the towns whom Fain
 KaTe bens held. Them am many whose
 names ws might t mention in this eonnnctien
 W. «k«ld 4. m tat dm w. taf. tan
 p O Mb. n||,
 fas pllb,
 r&lt;M,«kwk S.M.,
kud ikadi from whom wo boro received
 geetnms sid.—f.
 Tk« RMiMMI LMfM.
 Owieg to our itiiiM for time and out
 many labors is ike Iscturisg deportment, we
 bar* not bam able to five attention to the
 various responses from oar brethren in differ
 ent pans of the country, in fovor of this organ
 iaaiion. We assure our Philadelphia friends
 espaeiaily that we shall continue to press this
 matist upon the consideration of our readers,
 aod as soon as it is practicable shall go forth
 and commence the work of organisation.
 The foHowtnglresoltttton adopted at an ad
 journed meeting for organising a branch of
 the League, meets our moot hearty appro
 bation.
 That we reapectfnlly suggest
 the additional article to the Constitution pto
 posed that one or more agents be employed to
 travel and lecture under the auspices of the
 institution, to form auxiliaries—collect funds
 —and secure members to the same. We
 would also suggest, that the place for hold
 ing the first Convention be designated by a
 majority of the respondents—reuiat king,
 should Philadelphia meat their approval, we
 cheerfully welcome them to out city.
 We deem it of the utmost importance, that
 a Convention of delegates from Branch
 Leagues should be held as early as the Ist of
 May, 1850, —and in order to do this, we shall
 draw up a call and shall solicit the opinions ol
 our brethren as ?o the place of holding this
 Convention—and shall also request such as
 approve our aims to subscribe their nara es to
 the said cal).
 From every view we can now take of the
 interest manifested on the subject in various
 quarters, we decidedly prefer Philadelphia as
 the place of our first meeting. It is there
 that the idea of the League meets the warm
 est approbation; it is there that the largest
 colored population reside it is there that the
 North Star receives the most cordial support.
 It was there tbe great American Anti-Slavery
 Society was organized, which has shaken the
 land from end to end; and it is there we would
 have the first good demonstration of the
 union of the oppressed for the take of free
 dom.” Its position is central, and there are
 facilities for reaching it from all quarters but
 we hope to hear the views of olhers on this
 subject. Meanwhile we say to our brethren,
 let nothing distract your attention from this
 proposed effort to secure an united struggle in
 behalf of oar common freedom and eleva
 tion.—r. n.
 Abby Hutchinson Patten,
 This charming little songstress, we are
 sorry to learn, has been suffering long from
 severe illness but is now sufficiently conval
 escent to be removed from her mountain home
 to the Water-cure establishment of Dr. Kitt
 redge. Under this treatment, it is hoped that
 she may obtain permanent relief. We hear
 that herself and husband have given up public
 singing. This, we opine, will be sad news to
 the music-loving part of the community.
 The Hutchinson Family,” without Abby,
 would present a lonely aspect; and the bro
 thers must seriously feel her loss but how
 ever much we may be disposed to sympathise
 with them, we admire the feeling so happily
 expressed by her husband, in a letter to us
 from him I want Abby as my private com
 panion, and not as an amusement for the
 crowds.” Mr. Patten, as soon as Abby re
 covers, expects to settle on a farm near the
 city of New York, or in Dartford, Ct. It is
 needless to s3y, that this loving pair will
 carry into private life the warmest regards
 and the best wishes of the thousands whom
 they have so much delighted and improved.
 —F. D.
 Joseph Barker. —Not knowing in what!
 part of the country this gentleman iaat the!
 present, or where a letter would be likely to
 find him, we take this opportunity —at
 the request of the Executive Committee—to
 extend to him a cordial invitation to he pres
 ent at the Annual Meeting of the Eastern
 Pensylvania Anti-Slavery Society, which is
 to commence its sessions at Norristown on the
 15th of October. If Mr. Barker should be
 any where within convenient reach of us at
 that time, we earnestly desire that he will fa-
 j vor us w ith his presence.
 We are requested also by the committee
 to extend the same invitation to all persons
 everywhere who may be in sufficient sympa
 i thy with tbe doctrines and measures of theso
 eiety, to enable them to participate in the dis-!
 i cussions and co-operate in the object of the
 I meeting.
 j The above notice appear* in the Penn
 Freeman, of the last week, with a reqoest to
 copy. The following letter, just received 1
 from this distinguished reformer, convey* in-j
 j telligeoce which will be pleasing to many
 r friends of the slave in this country; and wilt
 1 serve to inform our Pensylvania friends of
 1 Mr. Barkers intentions:
 Os Board tmc Steamer
 Off Detroit, Sept. 88, 1849. J
 Mr Dear Friend: I had intended to call,
 on yon on my way westward from New York;
 bat I bare been detained ao long on the sea
 and at New Yoik, that I really durst not do
 it. I wanted to see tbe country before the
 cold weather came on. I shall bo on my
 l way back to New Yoik in about ten days,
 1 when 1 shall try to give you a eall at Rocb
 -1 ester. I am well, aod have Imm well pleased
 r with the country ao for. If I can so arrange
 r ms tiers, I shall, if all be well, return to tbin
 country with ray family, to settle here. J
 think I shall settle in Ohio, near ray broth
 ers Samuel and James, in Summit Co. I had
 intended to lect a re a little in America, before
 1 my return to England, but my work has been
 sufficient for me. I most lecture when 1 eomc
 u v settle. I shall not be in a burry to return to
 then, perhaps.
 I am, joars affectionately,
 J. BARKER.
 T«t Finn of Youth.— The National
 Era of la at week pehhshes the Prospectus of
 a new monthly, coder ibis title. “Out ob
 ject,” says tin Prospectus, “will be to make
 the paper a a attractive companion for youth.
 It shad alee he oar ear* to interest them on
 aU the great subjects ooeaected w ith tbe well
 heaeg ef mankind. Freedom, Peace aod
 Tempcrawoe, shall receive out eataect advo
 cacy.” The paper will be added by Mra.
 Masoarxv L. Baiunr, mewled by T. 8.
 Arthur, Emma O. E. N. Soutbworth
 tod ether distinguished writers. Tbs first
 m tmbsr wfll be issued oo the first ,*T Nov**.
 T. u Ftmsca Mihistsr. The Fiewch
 Blmfc to*» Fmwsia, Wsshfogisa, bat
 tatam ho shortly to iiiwsi to New Yaik,
 whose he wdl rswiin eetd he hitoe seme-
Foreign lltvi of tk« Wnk.
 The steamer A menca which sailed from
 Liverpool on the 13th git. arrived at
 Boaton on the 37th,«nd brings no nears ol im
 porta nee. The Captain (Shannon) was ark
 Kieu.io. The cholera was still on tbs
 increase in London, and spreading extensive
 ly over the country The number sf deaths
 in ihe metropolis, on the llih ult., was 475
 on the 12th, 361. ,4s an evidence of ths
 great prevalence of the' epidemic, in its milder,
 and more maiignanr forms, it staled that of
 the list of tradesmen celled to serve on ibe
 Jury st the Surrey Sessions, eveiy other name
 was excused on the ground of suffering from
 diaarhoea and cholera. They were all sum
 moned from the neighborhood of Kenmngion
 road, where it seems the disease is frightful!?
 pievalent. Two of ihe principal witneseea
 against Manning and hta wife have fallen
 victims. A fast on account of the epidemic is
 sidl talked of. Summonses have been issued
 from Whitehall, convening a Privy Council to
 meet her Majesty far away in Scotland for h«
 purpose of ratifying a paper to be used forth
 with in all the places of worship belonging to
 the Establishment; the seid document having
 emanated, no doubt, from Lambeth Palace
 How ridiculous!
 Cannot people fast, in these daye, if they
 are so minded, without a proclamation to that
 effect from a Queen or a President l It would
 seem as if men were never goi ig to ,get out
 of the leading-strings of kingcraft and priest
 craft, In our humble judgment, this tasting
 business, when done at the command of any
 political or government authority whatever,
 w hether in the shape of a king, president, ot
 Established Church, is simply, a very aublims
 farce. What have they to do with the private
 religious observances of any man T Govern
 ments are forever stepping out of their place
 Let them protect, as tar as they can, life and
 property; and little more need be required ot
 them. Experience would seem to te3ch, that
 it is not sale to trust them farther. Where
 is the act of administrative duty w hich Gov-
 ernments have not abused, in one way or ano
 ther, either bv making them vehicles of cor
 ruption, or by direct and unjust oppression
 Especially has religion been made the effec
 tive tool of Governments. In this country,
 we are happily free in a gteat measure, from
 interference with the right of private judg
 ment on religious matters; though new and
 then, as in the case of the recent fast, a ridi
 culous attempt is made, under the influence
 of zeal and bigotry, to make men religious by
 order of the President. The Standard of
 Freedom say 3 of this travelling to Scotland
 tor the Queen's authority to use a certain
 form of prayer—“lt is as if an Austrian sub
 ject should be compelled to navel from Venice
 to Vienna to obtain the Emperor's signature
 to a warrant authorising him to lake a p.ll'’’
 Ihe Committee of Investigation on the
 York and North Midland Railway have com
 pleted their business. They make some vary
 startling disclosutes. After detailing one ef
 the most flagrant cases, the Tunes observes
 respecting ex king Hudson—
 The proofs of this man’s guilty system of
 duping the shareholders who entrusted the
 management of their concerns to his honor
 and integrity have already been so numeious
 as to be absolutely sickening. Such acts ars
 very vulgar arid common-place pieces of ro
 guery after all. The strange thing is, the
 length of tune during which Mr. Hudson con
 tinued his career undetected and unpunished.”
 The Queen and Piiiice Albert were still at
 Balmoral. The Prince is making himself
 quite a favorite in Scotland, by his frankness
 and contempt of dignity and ths matrons of
 Balmoral eulogise her Majesty on account of
 the plainness of her dress and ths humility of
 her depoitment.
 In Ireland, the violence of the cholera epi
 demic is thought to have abated. Visitor#
 from England are crowding over in great
 numbers. Harriet Martineau, Chaa. Dick
 ens, John Bright, M. P., are making s tour
 of inspection, of the island. Ths harvest
 prospects ot Ireland are favorable. Ths Bel
 fast Vindicator, in an article, on tenant right
 and the rights of landlords says:
 “The ciop is luxuriant, no doubt; but
 great fears of the |&gt;stsio diaeass very justly
 agitate the public mind. Add to this the
 plain fact, that now, m the fourth year of a
 fierce, unmitigated famine, the country is
 idtslly depending on the produce of the pres
 ent harvest. Free trade has put rent pruet
 for provisions out of ths question, snd a uni
 versal reckless desire to prolong their lives
 has suddenly seised the people from one end
 of Ireland to the other. They have, there
 fore, no stomach fut paying high rents, nr, tu
 fact, any rents si all, while the angel of death
 by starvation hovers round the door.”
 The writer goes on to say, (and there is
 doubtless much truth in his remarks) that
 the contributions sent front Europe, Asia,
 and America, to stay the band of Death in
 Ireland, have only filled the pockets of the
 landholders. “While the people were beg
 ging and receiving aline, the landlords were
 driving and collecting rente.” The landlords
 of Ireland have little now to expect from that
 aoorce. They have done much, by their cruel
 exactions, to bting ruin upon then selves.
 Had the? thought more of the welfare of
 their tenants, tbsn of wringing from them
 the means of satisfying (heir own luxurious
 appetites, they might ha?e to a great si
 lent presented the mi series of Ireland. The
 long-continued famine baa wrought the irre
 trievable rota of many of tbeir number and
 they receive no sympathy. The Prince of
 Wales baa been created Earl of Dublin.
 Fiance. The French have been living so
 long in sn atmosphere of excitement, tbit
 they are apparently unhappy, when aß( j
 order are in the ascendant. A slight emeuie
 lately took place to Paris, which was quelled
 by the police, wttbout say bad revolts. Unul
 the meeting of the National Assembly in
 October, it will he impossible to judge cor
 rectly of the intention) of the Executive.
 Iht notion is aow prevalent in Pane that
 Louie Napoleon baa determined te aide with
 the liberal pen of the Cabinet. Condemns
 Uom far political offences stiti proceed Oca
 very atrocious east mentioned that ot M
 K a ret, who baa been condemned to ten years
 imprisonment for libeb, and was compelled to
 valk one bundled miles to the piece of bis
 imprisonment, between two gendstmee
 Some rather serous disturbances have taken
 piaoe in Urn provinces. The President has
 written a letter to bt* friend Edward Ney, in
 which be any?, that be d:d not seod an army
 In hnly to put down liberty but u» ingulate it,
 by placing it upon a solid bams
 IfxLT. Letter* from Rome to the 4th
 ■ate that dm com* tb**f it Weominf
