Poetrg.
Prow the National E*»*
 CALEF IN BOSTON*
 la tkt notran «fcjr» of old,
 tW men mei in Boatoa town—
 Oar a tradr—■ frank and bold.
 One a pmncber of renown.
 ('riod the lad ia bitter tone*
 Poitoner of the welio of troth,
 Satan’s hireling, dmn hast sown
 With his tares the heart of youth!”
 Spake the simple tradesman then—
 Gad be judge *tw«t thee and I;
 AM thou kaow’st of truth hath been
 Uato men like thee a lie.
 Falsehoods which we spurn totkv,
 Were the truths of long ago;
 Let the dead boughs 611 away,
 Fresher shall the living grow.
 God is good and God is l*h«.
 la this faith I rest secure;
 Evil caa but serve the right,
 Over sli shall love endure.”
 When the thought of man is free,
 Error fears its lightest tones.
 So the priest cried Saddecee!”
 Aad the people took up stone*
 In the ancient burying ground.
 Side by side the twain non lie—
 One with humble grassy mound,
 One with marbles pale and high-
 But the Lord hath blest the seed
 Which that tradesman scattered then.
 And the preacher’s spectral creed
 Chills no more the blood of men
 Let us trust, to ooe is known
 Perfect lovs which casts out fear.
 While the other’s joys atone
 For the wrong he suffered here.
 J. G. W.
 R. Csief was the author of a spirited pamphlet,
 exposing the Witchcraft delusion, in 1692, and
 condemning the conduct of some of the clergy of
 Boston in respect to it. He was properihed and
 bitterly denounced by Cotton Mather and other
 strenuous defenders of the witch mania.
THE ARSENAL AT SPRINGFIELD.
 BT H. W. LORO FELLOW.
 This is the Arsenal. From floor to ceiling,
 Like s huge organ rise the burnished arms;
 Bat from ths silent pipes no anthem pealing,
 Startles the villagers with strange alaims.
 Ah! what a sound will rise, how w ild and dreary,
 When the death angel touches those swift keys!
 What loud lament and dismal Miserere
 Will mingle with their awful symphonies!
 I bear e’en now the infinite fierce chorus.
 The cries of agony, the endless groan.
 Which, through the ages that have gone liefore us,
 la long reverberations reach our own.
 On helm and harness rings the Saxon hammer,
 Thro’ Cimbrie forest roars the Norseman’s song,
 And Joud, amid the universal clamor,
 O’er distant deserts sounds the Tartar gong.
 I hear the Florentine, who from his palace
 Wheels out his battle bell with dreadful din;
 And Aztec priests upon their tocallis,
 Beat the wild war-drums, made of serpent’s skin.
 The tumult of each sacked and burning village;
 The slnut that every prayer for mercy drowns;
 The soldier’s revels in the midst of pillage;
 The wail of famine in beleaguered towns;
 The bursting shell, the gateway rent asunder,
 The rattling musketry, the clashing blade;
 And ever and anon, in tones of thunder,
 The diapason of the cannonade.
 Is it, O man, with such discordant noises,
 With such accursed instruments as these,
 Thou drowneit Nature’s sweet and kindly voices,
 And jarrest the celestial harmonies!
 Were half the power that fills the world w ith terror
 Were half the wealth bestowed on camps and courts
 Given to redeem the human mind from error,
 There were no need of arsenals or forts.
 Down (be dark future, through long generations,
 'Die echoing sounds grow fainter and then cease,
 And like a bell, with solemn, sweet vibrations,
 I once more hear the voice of Christ say, Peace!
 Peace! and no longer from its brazen portals
 The blast of War’s great organ shakes the skies!
 But beautiful as songs of the immortals.
 The holy melodies of love arise.
 SONG FOR AUTUMN.
 B V HARRIET MARTIN FAD.
 Beneath this starry arch,
 Nought rested) or is stilt;
 But all things hold their march.
 As if by one great will.
 Moves one, move all;
 Hark to the foot-fall'
 On, on, forever.
 Yon sheaves were once but seed
 Will ripens into deed;
 As eave-dropa swell the streams,
 Day thoughts yield uighlly dream-,
 And sorrow tracketh wrong,
 As echo follows song.
 On, on, forever.
 By night like stars on high,
 The hours reveal their train;
 They whisper and go by;
 I never watch in vain.
 Moves one, move all;
 Hark to the footfall!
 On, on, forever.
 They pass die cradle head,
 And dierv a promise shed;
 They pass the moist new grave,
 And bid rank verdure wave;
 They bear through every clime.
 The harvests of all time,
 O.i, on, forever.
 ANGRY WORDS.
 Angry words are lightly spoken
 In a rash and thoughtless hour,
 Brightest links of life are broken
 By their deep insidious power;
 Hearts inspired by warmest feeling,
 r* Ne’er liefore by anger stirred,
 Oft are rent past humau healing
 By a simple angry word.
 Poison drops of care and soitow
 Bitter poison drops are they,
 Weaving for the coming morrow
 Saddest memories of to-day*
 Angry words! oh, let them never
 Fran the tongue unbridled slip;
 May the heart's best impulse ever
 Cheek them, ere diey soil thy bp'
 Love is mack Loo pure ami holy,
 Friendship is too sacred far
 For a moment’s restless f *lly
 Thus to desolate and mar.
 Angry words ere often spoken,
 Bitterest thoughts are lightly stirred,
 Brightest links of life are broken
 By a single angry wot J.
 BROTHERHOOD
 1 love when in the Using throng.
 Each passer-by to see;
 For I deem the whole of human kind
 Are brothers unto me.
 Oh! emdd we count each man our brother.
 We wetdd net hght wwh one nnether!
Selections.
From (he Notional Era.
 BIMETTE OP ILAJRTIIVIQtJE.
 Twenty-five yew ago there lived At
 St. Pierre, in the island of Martinique,
 a young man of color, named Bissette.
 He was noted for bis intelligence and
 worth, and exercised no small degree
 of influence among the free blacks ot
 I the island. About this time, a pampb
 i let on tbe condition of the people of
 color in tbe French Colonies was prin
 ted in Paris, and copies of it were sent
 to Martinique and Guadaloupe. On
 the 12th of tbe 12th month, one Mer
 ando, an agent of tbe Procureur du
 Roi for Martinique, looking through
 tbe jalousie window of Bissette, saw
 copies of this pamphlet on his table.
 He hastened to the Procureur, and on
 his report, that functionary repaired to
 tbe house of Bissette, whom he arrest
 ed on the charge of conspiracy to over
 throw the Colonial Government. The
 discovery of two copies of the obnoxious
 pamphlet in Bissette ’a house, and ol
 several others in the bands ol free
 colored men, was deemed ample ground
 for charging the principal and leading
 men of color with the design of rising
 against the whiles. Some two hund
 red were arrested, and banished from
 the island. Some were sent to the
 burning deserts ot Senegal, while
 others were allowed to go to i ranee.
 Bissette was sentenced to the punish
 ment of branding and hard labor for
 life. The sentence was commuted to
 banishment for life by the tribunal of
 Port Royal. The Procureur entered
 an appeal from this judgment, as did
 also Bissette and his lellow prisoners.
 The King had in the mean time ap
 pointed a new procureur, who was
 already on his passage out, when the
 acting Procureur, contrary to rule and
 justice, insisted upon pressing the ap
 peal. The trial was a burlesque on
 judicial proceedure. The accused were
 neither allowed to produce evidence in
 their defence, nor to avail themselves
 of the aid oflegal counsellors and de
 fenders. The court sat with closed
 doors. Bissette was declared guilty ot
 distributing seditious pamphlets, and
 the original sentence was reaffirmed.
 The Governor made strenuous efforts
 j for a delay in the execution of the sen
 tence, but they proved unavailing a
 gainst the prejudices and fears of the
 white planters. The horrible punish-
 ment of branding with a hot iron was
 inflicted upon Bissette and his friends
 Volay and Fabien. They were then
 sent to Guadaloupe, without being per
 i milted to see their wives and children,
 lrom whom they had been separated j
 i tor three years. The energetic spirit
 i of Bissette devised the means of bring- j
 ing their case before the Court of Cas- i
 sation at Paris. Here the colonial de-!
 cision was reversed, and they were set j
 at liberty.
 Bissette, who, like Oge of St. Do
 mingo, had commenced his public life
 as the advocate only of the rights of
 free men of color, had learned during j
 three years of suffering that his own
 class could not be safe from the sus
 picions, prejudices, and insults of the
 whiles, so long as the latter continued
 to hold his brethren by birth and com-i
 plexion as slaves. He felt that the:
 1 men of color, bond and free, were uni
 ted in a common destiny. Acting upon;
 -this conviction, he began the work of
 agitation in the French capital in be-
 I half of emancipation in the Colonies.
 He established a periodical devoted to
 I the subject, wherein he exposed the
 atrocities of the slave system, and com
 bated with force and ingenuity the
 falsehood and sophistry of its advo
 cates. He corresponded with the friends
 of his oppressed race in England and
 the United States, and was one of the j
 founders of the French Abolition Soci- 1
 I ety, of which the late Duke de Broglie 1
 i was the first President, and which in
 cluded among its members and patrons
 such men as Isambert, Passy, La
 Rochefoucauld, Creinieux, and Lamar-'
 j tine.
 The two latter were members of the
 Provisional Government established by
 l the Revolution which dethroned Louis
 Philippe. One of the first acts of that
 i Government was the virtual abolition ol
 slavery. In the 10th month following,
 Bissette received the notice of his elec
 tion by the people of Martinique aad
 Gaudaioupe as one of their representa
 tives to the National Assembly, but,
 owing to some irregularity in the elec
 tion, and certain disqualifications under
 which he labored, he gave in his resig-'
 natioH, with the intention of again!
 placing himself fairly before the people
 for re-election. With this view he is,
 now on a visit to his native island —the
 scene of his long imprisonment and ol
 his cruel and ignominious punishment,
 On the 21st of the 6th month, the ship
 Zampa was signalled off* Precheur
 point, near St. Pierre. It was known
 that Bissette was on board, and the
 population, irrespective of color and
 rank, came out to receive him.—Shouts,
 songs, and music, were heard in all the
 streets. The exile of twenty-five years
 I landed amidst universal acclamations;
 i a carriage was brought to the landiug
 place, into which be was lifted, and
 drawn by the populace to the doors ol
 the splendid mansion which had been
 richly furnished for his reception. The,
 Martinique Courier of the 31st says:
 “M. Bissette has been, during the!
 few days he has passed in St. Pierre,
 the object almost of idolatry. Noth-J
 ing can give au idea of the enthusiasm 1
 inspired by his presence wherever he
 has shown himself—along the streets,
 as he proceeds upon business, or os be
 moves to make visits—or at his resi
 dence, where a familiar reception is
 given to every call. This popularity
 seems to increase every day. Nume-
 I rous deputations have complimented M.
 Bissette, and many addresses have
 been presented to him.*’
 Among these, we notice one address-
 ed to him by a distinguished merchant
 j erre n w h»ch allusion wash
 made to his early sufferings in tbe;j
 cause of freedom, and his faithful labors j
 in the same cause during his long exile
 e subjoin bis modest and well-ex-
 pressed answer; as, in some son an
 electioneering speech of a black candi- i j
 date for tbe National Assembly of
 France, it is not without interest; and
 we think the most prejudiced will admit j
 that it compares favorably with the i
■tump oratory of Geoeral Cullum, an
 unmistakable Anglo-Saxon tlaWris
 for Congress, at the late election in
 Tenaesaea, a specimen of which has ap
 peared in our columns:
 “CrrixxNs! After an absence of
 twenty-fire years, it ia impossible to be
 more happy than 1 am, on finding my
 self in the ntidnt of compatriots whom I
 love, and who are for so many reasons
 dear to me.
 “I am not tha leas moved by J our
 fraternal welcome. Accept the te*i
 mony of my warmest thanks and grati
 tude.
 “Certainly, I had thought I could
 anticipate the eagerness which would
 have brought before me those friends
 with whom I have been for many
 long year in communion of ideas and
 sentiments; but this slmosl unanimous
 concurrence of the inhabitants of your
 city surpasses my utmost expectation;
 and, if I am oveijoyed at this, and feel
 honored, I do not deceive myself, nei
 ther do I labor under an illusion as to
 the value of this manifestation of your
 sympathies. 1 too well know what 1
 am worth, not to understand that it is
 not my personal merit which you re
 compense at this moment by this kind
 of ovation; you come to give your ad
 hesion here to those words of peace,
 union, concord, and conciliation, which
 proceeded from my mouth, and which
 preceded me to this Colony aa the ex
 pression of a common sentiment; you
 come to bear testimony that I was but
 the organ, the faithful interpreter of
 your wishes, and that we ardently de
 sire the union of the generous spirits of
 all parties, as the sole pledge of the
 prosperity of our dear Martinique.
 “It is thus, citizens and countrymen,
 that I account to myself for the flatter
 ing reception of which I am the object.
 Let us, therefore, consent to a mutual
 oblivion of the past, and cast away un
 happy divisions, old prejudices of a by
 gone day, and recriminations which
 can never promote the welfare of par
 ties, still less the happiness of the coun
 try, which should reign over and tran
 quilize all passions.
 “As to those sufferings to which you
 have made allusions, they were never
 very painful to me: for, even at the
 depth of my dungeon, they long since
 formed for me an habituated chain, of
 which I never felt the weight; they
 were the inevitable consequence of our
 social regeneration.
 “Vive la Republique!”
 No doubt whatever is expressed of
 his triumphant re-election to the Na
 tional Assembly. Of his ability and in
 tegrity in the discharge of the duty
 thereby imposed on him, his constitu
 ents have ample guaranty in his past
 life and character.
A NIGHT UNDER AN AVALANCHE.
 There was, in the interior, native of
 Aosta, who meant to leave us at Mar
 tigny, for the purpose of traversing the
 Great St. Bernard, at the exaggerated
 dangers of which pass he laughed very
 heartily. Accidents, he admitted, did
 sometimes overtake travellers in that
 part of the Alps, but, generally, he
 said, the pass of the St. Bernard was
 open and safe throughout the year, ex
 cept during the continuance of snow
 storms. He had himself, a few years
 previously, in another pass, the name
 of which I forget, been overtaken by
 one of these, in company with an Eng
 lish family returning froiq Italy, and
 been witness of the way in which the
 element sometimes perforins th 4 office
 of sexton. They set out early tin the
 morning, and arrived a little before
 nightfall at a part of the pass .which,
 owing to the driving of the winds, is
 easily choked up. The snow hhd be
 gun to fall about an hour and a half
 previously, and was now pouring down
 the ravine before the blast, blinding
 both horses and postilions, and bringing
 along with it premature night. They
 had hoped to reach the summit before
 darkness set in; but the horses furnish
 ed them were weak, and the snow for
 the last hour, at least, had greatly re
 tarded their progress. How he came
 to be in the Englishman's carriage, he
 did not explain. I fancy our country
 man had invited him out of sheer polite
 ness. The party consisted of five in all
 —the husband and wife, the Italian,
 the nurse, and the little baby. How it
 comes to pass I know not, but it gene
 rally happens that the English, when
 overtaken by danger, display qualities
 which astonish fereigners. On the oc
 casion in question, all the solicitude of
 the husband seemed to be concentrated
 in the wife, while all hers was in the
 baby. Self seemed equally absent in
 the mindBofboth. The nurse, for her
 part, displayed the utmost stoicism, ex
 cept that, as the cold increased, and
 the snow drifts beat more and more
 furiously against I he carriage windows,
 she pressed the child more closely to
 the breast, and protected it from the in
 fluence of the air with a greater allow
 ance of shawls. Our friend from Aos
 ta, who understood thoroughly the per
 ils of the position, went on talking with
 the husband, who, while his eyes were
 fixed upon his wife and child, appeared
 calm and collected, though, from cer
 tain thundering noises above, it appear
 ed probable that the avalanches were in
 motion. At every ten yards, the car
 riage was stopped by the accumulated
 snow. “Jane,” said the husband at
 length to his wife, “tie up your throat
 carefully; we may have to walk pres
 ently: and you, nurse, make the baby
 comfortable, and give him to me.” The
 nurse obeyed, and the mother, looking
 anxiously at her child, inquired, with
 suppressed earnestness, “William, is
 there any danger?” “Yes, a little,
 love, just enough to impart an air of
 romance to our adventure, “Hark, f f
 exclaimed the wife, “what’s that?”
 “My God,” cried the nurse, “the
 mountain has fallen on us.” Just at
 that instant a loud shout was heard
 from the men outside, followed by a
 suppressed struggle and a groan, and
 hen the most complete silence. All
 notion was at tha same time arrested
 o the carriage, and on applying the
 amp to the carriage window it wae per
 :eived that they were embedded in thick
 mow. “What is u&gt; ha dona?” ax
 :laimed the Englishman, addraamag
 tun self to our friend from Aortt “Can
 '°ur experience suggest any means of
 ixtricatiiig ourselves from this position
 f force oar wmy oat, da jroa UUk it
 wwblt CwU nwk «nm
i shell«*&gt;*' “No, ”aheweredbe."tbelu
 i impoeeible. All we can do is to rfa}
 i where we ere; they will dig u* out in
 the morning. “And the drivers,” ob-
 Kited the Englishman, a sudden
 f thought fleshing across his mind, “whel
 i is tobecocse of them; they will die ol
 cold?-' “They ere deed already
 anawered the Aostan, “the first stroke
 i of the avalanche extinguished life in
 them; whet you heard was their death
 groan.** “Impossible?” cried our coun
 tryman, “I must force my way out,
 and endeavour to drag them hither.*
 The confined space into which the}
 bad to breathe would have rendered il
 necessary to let down the windows,
 at the risk of admitting a quantity oil
 snow; but all egress was impractica
 ble. They were entombed, as it were,
 in the avalanche, which, fortunate!}
 for them, was soft and spongy, permitt
 ing air to pass through its pores; yet
 the heat soon became almost insuffera
 ble, and once during the night the lad}
 fainted. Travelling carriages in the
 Alps are always well supplied with pro
 visions and restoratives, wine, brandy.
 i &amp;.C., and as our countryman never once
 lost his presence of mind, everything
 I practicable was done for wife, anc
 nurse, and child. What their laaguagt
 and feelings were may possibly be im
 i agined. Ail our friend from Aostc
 i could say was, that it was very terrible,
 which be uttered in a tone more signifi
 i cant thao his words. Well, morning
 t came at last, as they knew by consult
 f inr their watches; but it brought nc
 light with it, and for some time nc
 f sound. At length a confused rumbling
 i was heard through the snow, whicl
 died away, and came again by fits, til
 at length it became evident that it jvai
 the voices of men. After a protractec
 interval, a gleam of daylight entyrec
 the carriage, the snow was cleared par
 tially away, and the welcome face of i
 rustic was beheld peering down upor
 them. Their deiiverauce was no*
 speedy, and they were conveyed ha)
 dead to a chalet, together with the bod
 ies of the driver and postilions. “Surf
 accidents,” said our friend, “are rare.*
 i It is to be hoped so,” exclaimed Mad
 ameCarli; “and what became of the
 i English lady?” “Oh, the whole party
 escaped without injury, and next year I
 f saw them pass again into Italy, so little
 r had they been daunted by the peril*
 they had escaped.”— Tail's Mag.
 THE FOOT PRINTS OF WAR.
 f
 It was in the cool of the following
 morning,as full of satisfaction at the ap
 proaching end of our journey I was
 walking in advance ot the camels, talk
 t ing with Komeh, when I was strurf
 with the appearance ot an objec’ by th«
 side of the path, which gave me an un
 definable sensation of heart sickness;
 and, yet at the moment I could not de-
 P cide on what it was. It appeared ai
 first rather like the impress of a humar
 body in the sand, than an actual corpse;
 but on a narrower scrutiny, from which,
 r though shuddering,l could not withholc
 I myself, it proved to be the remains 01
 some one who had there perished. The
 unhappy wretch had either sunk ex
 hausted as he lay, or perhaps was de
 posited in his position by another: the
 former, at the time struck us as more
 probable. Only the upper part of the
 k figure remained, the flesh was long
 since consumed, and some of the bones
 were missing, but the clothing of the
 I chest and arms still adhered to the
 skeleton, part bearing marks of being
 j torn by birds or beasts of prey, in the
 process of getiug at the flesh it shroud
 ed; the sand had filled every cavity
 where once the heart beat out its last
 j pangs, and had matted between and
 half concealed the bones, so that in a
 p short time these hideous vestiges would
 be entirely obliterated. Komeh took
 r the pipe from his mouth, and we en
 deavored to make out from the remains
 ing scraps of dress the condition of the
 unfortunate man. So vague were they
 that I was quite at loss; but Komeh,
 suddenly stooping to the chest, discov
 ered some traces of the embroidered
 costume of the Egyptian soldiery, and
 pronounced, and I believe correctly,
 the unfortunate victim to be one ofthat
 wreck of Ibraham Pasha's army,which
 I after the storming of the Acre by the
 English.fled towards Egypt in different
 routes through the desert. The recol
 leciion ofthat terrible retreat, when
 t thousands perished from thirst, famine,
 and fatigue, as yet fresh in the minds
 of the Bedouins; the fall of Acre re
 r sounded through their deserts, and im
 pressed an awe and dread ofthe power
 of the English, which will be long ere
 it pass away. Here, then, lay the
 mouldering remains of some poor Fel
 lah from the bank of the Nile, torn
 from his native fields, and sent in
 chains to the army cf the Egyptian ty&gt;
 tyrant, to fight battles in which they
 had no concern, and close a life of sla
 very in a death of horror, and that to
 fulfil the shifting policy of another
 and a distant nation. The spectacle of
 this poor wretch was little flattering to
 one’s national vanity; to see one of
 thousands we had been instrumental in
 thus cutting of counts of our successes
 in the jornals.— Bartlett's forty days in
 Negro Suffrage.—Foroursrff we
 always have believed, since we have
 taken any part or interest in politics,
 that suffrage should be univeral without
 distinction of color. There is no rea
 son why the negro should be denied
 the privilege ot expressing his appro
 val or disapproval, .through the ballot-
 box, of public men and measures.—He
 has just as good a right to represent l
 his person or property through the bal
 lot box as Mr. Webb or any other man,
 however white his skin. The man of
 color has just as good a right to be a
 lawyer, if qualified, as Mr. Webb; he
 has jiut as good a right to sit on juries
 or on the bench as Mr. Webb, provi
 ded always he be qualified. The po
 sition of Free Softer* we true! is well
 understood, and we think Mr. Webb or
 •ny other men, will make but little in
 thes daring Free Softer*, a* we believe
 *ke people too just, too intelligent and
 patriotic to have their prejudices arous
 ed against us because a simple act ot
 d«l»y«d. proposed.
 right, end wrongs no one. The
 mq of color is born with the same
 right ns the white man. God knows
 no difference, neither should constitu
 tor or government*.— WstUns Ms
 \rnnQkrmth. f .1
KORTHAMTONWATER CURE.
 ELECTRICITY HYDROPATHY.
 rIE important priadptmafOxaaeon* Electricity
 discovery of which bf the undersigned, hai
 opwwd so wide* ftdd far srisatifir sad physintogka
 investigation, thumb ridicnled ud opposed at in
 fer*t anamatw in IMA by anliol aad profes
 sedly scientific mom metaiard by Maine*
 mem of philosophic ami scientific knowledge, aad bj
 tbe experieoee and Mtinoorof thousands, wbo ban
 tested km theory by nmniasmar in their owa cosh
 the underlined i* confident that thin principle
 natural aad physiological law, need* only to be un
 derstood to he jwth appreciated by aa iateHigea
 and investigating public.
 Sustained br Mich testimony, ami more than fivi
 yonrs’practicaJ eaperieace as it Dmgaosiaa and Hr
 dropathint, the umfereigaed would here repeat tin
 Coauhuion* at which he hae arrived by tbe eeeee oi
 touch, Ist. That tbe bwaaa body, ia a healthy
 condition, i* in a potUnt daetheml Mott. Id. Tha'i
 there are electrical emanation* from the cutichu
 •urtaoe, indicative of beahb, or the nature aac
 M mptouu of dieeaee. Id. That in ail case* when
 the wrist, stomach, or lungs, are ia an electro-posi
 tive state, (however disturbed,) there is hope of i
 cure but a ken the parte of the body alluded to art
 ia the electro-negative state, Hydropathy can adore
 oo relief.
 Had uot the resuiu of his practice already con
 vinced llie public of the truthfulness of the priuciplei
 by which the undersigned U governed, in detecting
 the nature aad symptoms of disease, the recent phi
 losophical and scientific demonstration of their cor
 rectness, by •Professor Means, of Georgia, and Mr
 Heiuuier, of England, aad tbe facts and corrobora
 tive testimony adduced by Hr. Forbes, Mr. Since
 ami others, should he sufficient to convince the mosi
 sceptical.
 Gratefully appreciating the credit so generously
 awarded for bis success as a Diagnostic and Hy
 dropathic Practitioner, by a discerning public, am
 the gratitude evinced by those whom he has had the
 pleasure to relieve of their complaints, the under
 signed will endeavor to merit tl» confidence of al
 who may afford him an opportunity to effect a cure
 by his orrgitutl and philosophical method of practice.
 The Northampton Water Core is pleasantly situ
 ated near Bensouville, on the west bonk of Licking
 Water, or Mill River, about two and a half milei
 from the centre of the town. It is conveniently
 arranged, with parlors, separate bathing and dress
 ing-rooms, for Ladies an d Gentlemen, well venti
 lated and conveniently furnished lodging rooms, am
 a variety of baths, abundantly supplied with water
 which, for purity, and adaptedness to water-cun
 purposes, is unsurpassed by that of any oilier estab
 lishment in this country. A new and coimnudioiu
 building has just been completed, containing a spa
 cious dining hall, and pleasant lodging rooms, which
 with the main building, will accommodate from 5(
 to 60 patients. A Gymnasium connected with tin
 establishment, affords an agreeable and hedthfu
 indoor exercise. The scenery in this vicinity ii
 picturesque and romantic. There are a variety o
 pleasant walks, sufficiently retired to allow Uie pa
 tients to enjoy tbeir rambles without being expose*
 to public gaze or observation
 Among the complaints which are here successful!]
 treated, are lieadache, tendency of blood to the head
 cold extremities, general and nervous debility, bron
 chitis, pulmonary affection, liver complaint, jaun
 dice, acute of chronic inflammation of the bowels
 piles, diepepsy, general debility, nervous and spina
 aflections, inflammatory and chronic rheumatism
 neuralgia, sciatica, lame limbs, paralysis, fevers, sal
 rheum, scrofulous and erysipelas humors.
 All persons who visit this establishment for s
 course of treatment, should furnish themselves w itl
 three comfortables, three woollen blankets, one oi
 two linen and three cotton sheets, two pillow cases
 six or eight crash towels, some well worn linen, fa
 cut for fomentations, an old cloak or mantle, an um
 brella, and a pair of slippers.
 Terms.—For treatment and board from $550 U
 $8 60 per week, payable weekly. For a patien
 (from choice or the nature of his complaint) occu
 pying a room alone on the first and second floors
 $9 00—with room-mate, $6,50. For one alone oi
 the third floor, $8 50— with room-mate, $5 50
 Patients requiring extra attention or fire in tbeii
 rooms, (except for swathing purposes,) will furnisl
 their own nurses and fuel, or pay an extra price
 For patients receiving treatment at home, $1 00.
 Terms for examination, from $2 00 to $5 00
 Post-paid letters, with one dollar enclosed, solid
 ting advice, will receivs attention. Corresponding
 patients should be particular in stating tlieir las
 treatment and its effects.
 DAVID KUGGLES.
 Northampton, Mass., 1849.
 N.B. Visitors to the Establishment, from tin
 east, west, or south, can take the cars of tbe Conn
 River Railroad at Springfield. Carnages wil
 alway s be in readiness at the Northampton depot, tc
 convey them hither. Tliat the sick and nervout
 may not be disturbed after retiring, visitors arriving
 in the evening train are requested to take lodging
 at a hotel. B
 The human blood, in a normal and healthy con
 dition of the system, is in a positive state, whicli
 is constantly maintained by the activity of tire
 generating sources w ithin—an excess generally pass
 ng ofl in silence from the cuticular surface, so Uial
 out of 356 experiments made by Mr. Hemmer o!
 England, upon the uncovered skin,” 322 indicated
 the presence of positive electricity. This surplusage
 of the fluid upon tiie surface, we believe to be indis
 pensable to the healthful condition of the wlwde
 animal economy, and that when, from any cause, it
 is diminished or ceases, diseased action ensues.”
 See address delivered before the Medical College ol
 Georgia, at the opening of its annual session, Nov.
 8, 1847, by A. Means, A.M., M.D., Professor of
 Chemistry and Pharmacy, and Professor of Physical
 Science in Emory College, Ga., page 25
 Dr. John Forbes, editor of the British and For
 eign Medical Review, in an able article ou ihe con
 dition and function of tbe skin, savs: “Perhaps
 there is scarcely any disease in which the func
 tion of the skin is not, to some extent, deranged.
 To what extent, physicians have not bestowed suf
 ficient pains to learn; nor hare they been accustomed
 to give much attention to this part, in the practical
 investigation of diseases. Physiology
 tearhes us that it is the vehicle for conveying out
 of die system a large amount of matter, as well solid
 as liquid; and practical experience exhibits it as
 die channel through which the mol tries mart* iu
 many instances, and the burthen of plethora gene
 rally, find their exit.”
 The London Sun, alluding to the discovery of
 voltaic electricity by Alfred Smee, Surgeon to (Jie
 Bank of England, says: “By a test which lie terms
 electro-voltaic, lie has satisfied himself tliat die ter
 oiioatoins of the sensor nerves are positive poles of
 a voltaic circuit, while the muscular substance is die
 negative pole. The sensor nerves are the telegraphs I
 which carry the sensation to the brain, and the motor i
 nerves carry hack the volition to the muscit Se
 N. Y. Tribune, April 7, 1849.
 Dr. Holiick, on the subject of electricity, remarks:
 There is no agent that affects the bodv more, both
 naturally and artificially. See bis work on Neu
 ropathy, published in Philadelphia in 1847, p. 127. i
 Tbe toiiowiug extract is from an interesting arti
 cle ou electricity, copied by the N. Y. Jonrnal of
 Commerce from a foreign Scientific Review: “1
 do not pretend to say that a deficiency of electricity
 may not oconr in oue part of the human body, ain't
 an excess in some other part, for a time, and that
 do* may not be die cause of disease, and tbe resto
 ration of the equilibrium the cure; I think ibis most
 likely, and that it ia upou this principle, in a great
 measure, that the wonderfot effect* of electrc-uiag
 ntiisin, in the cure of disease, are to be explained.
 It is certain that, alien oar electrical machines are
 most actively productive, we all feel most vigorous.,
 Our nervous systems are then most firm; uur diges
 ive organs most active; our minds must clear.*’
 i
 Asylum lor the Hick who have bees con
 fined to their beds from lt*2o years.
 DR. HAMILTON 9 Hydropathic and AayaHtic
 Asylum, No 217 Exchange Street, oppumte the
 Orphan Asylum, Rochester, N.Y. This Institutioo
 is now firmly established and in successful opera
 tion. Tbe proprietor analyses every diseas rhat is
 admitted there, aad appbe* tbe natural aad appro
 priate remedy Although water is aaedia every way
 that is applied in any water-core establishment is
 the United States, yet the proprietor wishes it to be
 expressly anderstood that it u not relied aa as the so/y
 or principal i etaedyr in the UeauneM of disease sub
 mitted to his care.
 This Lstablishssent is designed for that class of
 invalid* who have foiled to obtain their health by all
 liber systems #f practice, aad are Mill unable to'
 nik or stand on their feet, aad are confined to their
 wearing oat a life of misery and suffering w ith
 MX any hope of ever being any better.
 The remedies amde use ofm this (Mutation not
 adjr aoiirely remove disease hot give lerrswee-
 Kre*s th aad efcmmty to the system. Many have
 ueahruaght here fruai differed ports of the cuea
 ry.aho had neither walked or bone their weight
 m their feet from fire to fifteen years; aad eoaw
 vho have been unable to dress or isdrea, or even
 o feed themselves, aad ia the coarm of a few weeks
 wonid ha waiting with the cfeaucstv of youth am i
 he qairi mss of a padestriaa, ntnmshad at ih-y-
 wlvoe, end surprising their Jnmds aad all who mw i
 hesa when they first asms. The p
 Institution is perucnlariy mind*tod to remove the
 iiseasespeculiar to females, such as
 Id- TW foiling of the W omb, ta att its states
 »ad cnortxioo* la petieeu, from twelve years ofag*
 yto •*«J. and area if they hare boon confined u
 heir beds from one to twenty, neahls to stand, waft
 feres, or redress themselves, or srea tea feefife u
 de.jtoa.,m.
 *»i*mssssz
«Hhm, Hmuiiiuu of the Mom, tutwin
 ■isfarsartia, White*,al llmwi Dim«n, Cold
 ffkel audllaads, Bt. ft fair ini’? Dmtoe, Totten of
 ailkiodkStk Bhm—, in its wntjonw, Neml
 efa, Tie Pwlawm, Rheumatism, Cue—smeiud in
 its firs* stages, Genera) Weakaeas ml
 Tho profrirtw ha* given his whale atfapt'ua to
 the above disease* far the last fen years* and has
 treated then ia aa tatkely dHfetent* way from any
 other private practice or public Institution in this
 country; sad tarh ha* beta his sncresn, and to err*
 tain an hi* rested ia* ia d»ir Hlect* oa these d.s
 easee, that instead of publishing a long list &lt;4 cer
 tified cam, be wishes to give that class of iersii is
 seeking to obtain their hrulth a snflirieur gimrantee
 against may (alee pretensions, exaggeration, impo
 sition or deception, so tliat no one oeed be to any
 expense in this institstina wit hoot being benefited
 The proprietor will eater into a spatial contrac.
 with aay one ah.. wishes to do so, that he will nd
 awt iato the Institntion, to advxnrc the money amt
 aay all the expenses In mi aay pan of the tailed
 States here and b*rk Is.me again, before be com
 mence* the treatment, ami give a boml to hoard them.
 together with his professional services, lor lerfhm*,
 if he does not lie Ip ibem according to contract. Any
 one thinking the above proposition not a snffieieut
 guarantee against miareyaeseoUtion* ami expense
 without receiving equal benefit, can let lbs proprie
 tor know what Wit. be satisfactory, ami it shall I*
 thilv considered.
 This Institution has grown up from private prac
 tice by the influence of those who have lieen helprd
 here, as nothing has ever been published before;
 and the proprietor means that it shall sustain itsrl.
 U its owu merits, or pay the expense of those who
 choose to make a conflict ia case of faihue. The
 design of litis Circular is not to make known tlx
 cures that have been made in this institution, becau-e
 they must soon be believed; but to let it he mor
 extensively known to the poor suffering invali.t*
 that l iave spent hundreds of dollars in trying all
 other systems &lt;4 practice, and withont much or any
 benefit, and still remain confined to their beds from
 five to twenty years, thnt theie is an Institution
 whose treatment 'is different from any other one die
 United Stales, ami is particularly adapted to thru
 situation, and can have it cost them nothing unle -s
 tliev are materially benefited.
 Prom the nature of treatment in this Institution,
 the nnmber of patient* must be limited, therefoie the
 proprietor does not solicit the patronage of slight and
 ordinary cases which may be easily helped by other
 systems of practice; nor does he want any one to
 come, unless they wish to get well, and are willing
 I to be made well enough to walk from five to twenty
 miles at a time, ami follow it up day after day in
 succession; and also willing to be made able to en
 dure as much labor and fatigue as most of people
 that call themselves well, as be means that every
 one that goes through a thorough course of treatment
 in tbe Analytic Institntion shall show b\ their in
 creased strength, elasticity of motion, firmness of
 texture, capability of endurance, and improved
 health, that the treatment in this Institution isfonn.i
 ed on the natural laws of organised mutter, and
 consequently its superiority over every oilier dif
 ferent &gt;y»tetn of practice.
 All communications addressed to Dr. THOMAS
 HAMILTON, Rochester, post |&gt;aid, will receive
 immediate attention. If requested, reference will
 be made to those who have been helped in this Insti
 tution and also good references as to responsibility
 orthe proprietor to meet the above expenses if,'
 required.
 Halstel’s Eclectic Medical Institute,
 and Water-Cure Establishment*
 THIS Institution has been in successful operatioi:
 during fourteen years, for the cure of all Chronic
 Diseases, and such as cannot be removed by medi
 cine alone.
 MORE THAN THREE THOUSAND Pa
 tients have been restored to health and usefulnesi
 by the treatment pursued at this Institution, whe
 could not find relief by any oilier course of medi
 cine. Hundreds who had been confined to theii
 beds for years, and who were almost in despair
 have had renewed hope and courage w hen they turn
 learned that others, laborin'* under a* many discour
 agements as themselves, have been cured by thi;
 treatment after everything else had failed.
 Those who are laboring under CHRONIC, NER
 VOUS, or SPINAL difficulties, CURVA’I URLS
 lie., which produce symptoms of almost ali otliei
 diseases, with tbeir accompaniments—as DYiS
 PEPSIA,RHEUMATISM,.NEURALGL\, COS
 TIVENESS, LOSS OF THE USE OF Till
 LIMBS, NUMBNESS, LOW SPIRITS, PAR
 Tli L INSANITY, and a host of other dinem-e
 -arising from the same cause—SPINAL WEAK
 NESS, which they nor their physicians understand
 and which medicine alone will not cure—to suet
 sufferers we would say, we are curing hundreds jusi
 like you every year. Physicians brine their wive,
 and children to have them cured—why not conn
 yourselves, and save life, time and money 1
 We are using water in all the various way* in
 which it is applied in water-cure establishments &gt;el
 we do not rely selely upon it, or upon medicines as
 tliey are generally understood and applied; hut u
 COMBINED TREATMENT WITH ELECTRICITY',
 and anew mode of application which truly is
 cal in its efficacy, and is always sure to cure, in one
 half tbe tune it takes under any other treatment,
 allow iug that treatment to be successful, which is not
 the case one time in ten.
 Female Diseases.—Prolapsus Uteri (falling
 of the womb,) Leucorrliea, (whites] suppressed and
 excessive menstruation, the diseases incident to
 that period known a* the «turn of life’—involuntai
 discharge of urine and injuries from Childbearing,
 w hich are more frequent tiian Physicians are willing
 to acknowledge, especially within their own practice.
 Females frequently suffer for years from die diseases
 incident to their sex, and linger out a life of help
 lessness and pain, when a few weeks’ or at most a
 few months’lreatweut, would remove their difficulties
 and restore them to their families, with health to
 labor, to enjoy themselves, and to contribute to tin;
 happiness of others. This has never failed to be
 accomplished in a single iuiutuce m this Institution,
 however weak and helpless the patient may have
 been on entering it. Many have coine hundreds of
 miles on beds, in easy chairs, by boat, by carriage
 and railroad, who had not walked for years. Tilts,
 ladies liave walked miles daily before leavin', the
 Institution.
 Sw k u our knowledge and confidence in thu unpar
 alelled treatment for all long ttandmg or C’hrotuc dis
 ecute, of whatever land or nature, that we will offer th
 following
 PROPOSITION
 He will enter into a tpecial written agreement with
 •uch a* desire a, who enter the Institution, follow the
 rulet and regulations, and go through the system
 treatment, to pay their travelling expense* to and from
 the Institution, and board, lodge and nurse them, and
 give them our proftssvmal services, fret of charge, it
 they are n&gt;4 helped according to agreement. This it is
 hoped will put a stop, to cries of empyricuni from
 those interested in keeping patients under tbeir own
 charge, and w ill be a guarantee to those worn ooi
 by disease, who have spent much of their substance
 in procuring medicine, and seeking relief, without
 finding it; that liere they will not spend their rnoiwx
 without Leuefil, and that no false statements or im
 positions will be practiced upon them.
 The modus nperandi of curing Female difficulties u
 a new discovery and practised only at thu Institution.
 The most helpless and feeble cases, who have been con
 fined for years, art r eh rent immediately, and if not pre
 vented from walking by OTBEM diseases, can go up
 and down stairs tn 48 hours after commencing treat meed,
 without fear or trouble tn regard to their OR o IS A L d&gt;U
 fitidty. To produce thu almost instantaneous reluj
 the patient is subjected to no pain or inconvenient e, ami''
 in every instance a speedy curt is performed. If any
 one doubts let them select the most trying and d,th.
 cult case they can find, and tug our veracity and skill
 Our 7 KRNS are easy.
 N- B.— Any one wishing to know mo, e about our
 of treatment tor Lit** die-sse. or any olhr,
 difaculty caa address us [post ,**f] We
 send them an account of (be Institution— Certificate
 of cure—olSeml report of last year, he., free «,f‘
 charge—together with the most respectable refer
 ences in the city and country.
 P. B- Our room is limited, therefore w* want
 none to apply that can be Core! at horse. VV pride I
 ourselves in curing what outer* are not fortunate
 enough is do.
 II H AL.TED
 HALL, Medical Institute, Rochester, N. Y .post
 F-“ Ex-Mavor, and.
 Kev. Is. W. Montgomery, Rochester, N. I.
 *E?«rj aua his aha PkyhitliA.” j
 _ THE HOME DOCTOR.
 TUST PUBLISHED, sew and value! le book
 V fee every family is the country, asd one that mat
 be consulted with perfect As it* title peg', j
 indicates, a is “THE HOME ChKToR, or Famdy j
 I ,TUI Ik* causes, symptom* asd treatment i
 of Diseases; with aa account of tbe system while in i
 hhskh, sad rules fee preserving that state. Appen
 ded to which are recipes lot tasking various —Hi j
 ernes asd artidse far diet fee tht i*k room. The
 ,ml a* l dady.practice, by
 Joha B. Newmeo, M. D,*' 3
 sa l »z::,rvirr
 asd many ether dauemma very useful fee every ftss
 tlyJ?kyr.» mTtUm vapressly far family
 Thm Herh Buck fa devoted solely to Popular
 B»H fanush os that |nwnt sH tht t
 ■sairad wfanaaiiou wasted far gcacrai sse.”
 JSmuiZtIZIEL S —I
 ai 12 1 cents nati.ee said separeu j
 The symptimw of sach dieewm are cttefaUy give,.
 ""I f Co f ha &lt;iwiMWler to pb,
 vcul practising la the dark; eke (he --J
 faTkHei
 SsS?*^ w 55l
The book has been written with great care, i„
 p*a», simple. casnmrui-Mmw style eaaily to U m
 dasatood by even person, awl by a #w»cf&gt;c«| pop,
 oau auda thorough bo twain. We cen recommend
 it with eatire rmMamrr, fwinf a work s«p*i
 all mutn to any other Hook of the hind n«i
 published at the price.
 TWaibes in the cornu,-y, and especially those ire
 mg in new countriee and unhealthy climate*, slk*j„
 not fail to procure a copy and have it at all L-ooes a:
 hand, in cate of Sickness as they might thereby b;
 me simple remedy sura an expensive and pr. t r
 ted doctor* bill. Whether w;il or sick, surh a book
 should he in erery house as X snfe sod sure altivi
 I *0 time of need, live direction giver for fere.iis
 Jjeaitii cannot fie too strictly attrmled to Ia all.
 r The price at which the Ixxdt 1* sold i,« fow ttt*
 t**n taniiiy may hare a copy, a id none should bs
 without it.
 Hie book i* put up m Paper bi-.ding, and car
 eatiiy I* sent by mail. Postage only 64 cent* to am
 mart of the United State*.
 GO" Any peraon sending us tmr dollar by oreij, *nd
 pud (eying pueinte on the letirr, have !oui
 Copies seut huu /ret gf pottage.
 Send in your orders*, there is i*&gt; ri*k io sewing
 money l»y mail, it cudie* to us daiU, and iha book*
 always reach llfir de*t inatn.fi.
 Four f.uni if* can dull together and sen i 1
 dollar bill, ami have four bo&lt;iks sent to o *e ad-:rc**
 X ANTED—-Agent* in most of the States to sell
 (his w.,rk, almost every hunily will purchase it ,1
 Carried hi ttieir doors. A small capital of fr&lt; n j-20
 to 4*50 w ill la; oeo s.vary for each ngent. Ad Ires*
 dost paid, GEO. W. FISIIER,
 April 1. IMS. 6 F.xchange-et. RnebrMer,
 i
rWARALLED IX TilF. HISTORY OF
 MEDICINE
 I AS THE MOST
 Remarkable External Appllrailon
 Ever Discovered!
 TIME and expcrnnce have fully proved that tn,*
 UfrIVER&amp;AL RE MED 1 haj not it* equ.d
 on the list of popular medicine*, having been heton
 the public tor mure than fourteen years. Testimu
 j iv of the most disinterested clunactor of its w u
 derail effects on tlie animal economy is almost daily
 p presented to the proprietor. It is w rtin of q*'
 11 rial remark, that beside the ere it and extraonlinii y
 powers in the cure of
 DISEASES Or THE HORSE,
 in which Its virtues first attracted the attention ol
 the Farrier and Farmer, and the wonder of the
 public generally, it has been successfully employed
 in a great variety of the maladies which'
 AFFLICT THE Hi MAX RACE.
 Ignorance of facts and philosophy, stait at the
 i assertion that any one remedy can possess within
 itself the virtue ol curing many diseases. E\|*-n
 -ence wf more than fourteen years h. s nevertheless
 established the fact, that Merchant’s Celebrated
 Gargling Oil, or Universal Family Embrocation,
 cl, re most uases and relieve such as the follow
 I ,!I S* among many others in ihe cuie of winch this
 i has been completely successful and in which oth
 er pretended reuied es have completely failed:
 RHEUMATISM, PAINFUL MR VO US AF
 *j lections, Bite* of Animals, Frost Hites, Corns,
 Boils, hitlows. Asthma, Bruises, Bums,
 and Scalds, Cramps, Strains, Sprains,
 Fleers from local causes, Caked
 Breasts, Contractions of the nius*
 cles,Wounds, Swellings, &amp;c.
 Also a iiost of diseases
 in Horses and othei
 animals,such as
 SPA VI NS,
 Sweeney,
 1 RiX’UBOX'E,
 Windgall, Foil Evil,
 Callous, Cracked Herds,
 (Jails of uii ku,is t
 hicsii oumU, Bruises,
 Fistula, SitlhHy Strains, Lameness,
 Sand Cracks, Foundered Feet, Scratches,
 OH ORE AST:, MAXOF, FARCY, 4*t.,
 I Numerous aie the unsolicited statements of pn*
 I tieuls themselves,and others who have used the Oil,
 j o! cures which in themselves appear so remarkable
 that were tin y at all interested in a pecuniary point,
 I they could hardly have been credited.
 The ceiebiated Dr. Barker also writes as follows.
 1 Dear Sir: I have prescribed your Gargl ug Oil in
 I various cases of
 PRACTICAL SURGERY,
 as a liniment, with marked success, and would com
 inend it to physicians generally for external use in
 all contusions, tumors, sprains, white Swellings,
 and in all iheumatic affections, where externa!
 means are necessary. As a di.-cutient, it is hmm
 less wlic.e the lebrlie symptoms liave been reducerl
 by general treatment, in such c tses, it u tiie most
 efficient remedy within the circle of menus uow m
 I use.
 I wouidalsi lecommend it to community at large
 as a sate and powerful remedy w here there u no
 general fever in all the above diseases, to be used
 I a,l ‘i lt&gt; counteract inflammation m a remark
 able manner. In bruised wounds it pievents sweil
 tug, and consequent soreness in hot weather.
 From the peculiar nature of this Oil, and the
 unparalleled success it has met with in ihe hands ot
 FAHMI 'R l STAGE PRO
 trKit, l UK, it is but justice to say, that of the
 great numtier of medicines which have been offered
 none have been so well adapted to the prompt cure
 ot Diseases to which Horses are liable; it has been
 very justly called a Complete Panacea for the Horse
 r or instance, read the lollow mg:
 1 TO OWNERS OF HORSES.
 This is to certify Him I have had for many years the
 cure ol from one hundred to two hundred horse
 and made use of Merchant’s Gargling Oil foi
 two years past, ami can safely say, that for all the
 diseases that horse* are liable to, I never saw it
 equal. 1 use about one buttle per month, and re
 eomuieiHl it to the public as the be,t medicine f.u
 limscs now in use. k D &gt;ll Null
 Ad orders addressed lo the proprietor will L
 promptly responded to.
 Get a pamphlet of the Agent, and see what won
 w* accon, pli* Hl *7 ,h of this uiedicine
 b respectable dealers generally in ihe l□,
 ted Stales ami Canada.
 Also by p,,sr k Willis, W*. Pitkin. 1.. P,
 Snvax, Winslow Young, 11. D. vV*i&gt;*.
 ftuclie*ter.
 i *f Henderson k Panderson, Clevc
 ■7’°;! 9 Columbus, (Jordon
 Israel, Cincinnati, O.; McClure «c Co, Albany
 Hollister k Co, Bulialo; Greemuan k Smith. I i,
 «*J I D Orrm k Co, Troy, NV. July 13-h.o
British Periodical Literature.
 Tkr Ijmdmn (Juartrrty Renew, the Edinburgh Ren. s
 The y.jrth HnU»U Revuw, the W,, (mm tier Revtrv
 a *d Blsekwood' Edinburgh M&lt;&gt;&amp; ;3mt.
 T H F WMj f*'Pf e d ‘l**: splendid period.
 A cal. renders it needless to amici, in their pratv
 A hlen,r 7 '-rKans, tiny stand far m advance ut
 *&gt;r« w»w published, while the polit
 ical complex Kin ol each is marked by a dignm,
 candor, and forbearance, not‘idten found in work
 of a parly diameter.
 They embrace the iew* of the three great parties
 in England—Tory, Whig, and Radii ab liU&lt; k-
 W'ood ami the Cundun Quarterly are Tory liar
 Edinburgh Review Win/ 1 ami tin- t.Umn
 *ter lie new RadnaJ. Tlie North British Re
 view uwre of a relignaia character, ha* mg been
 originally edited by lb. imlmers, ami now, since
 hi* death, lieiug conducted try bis ann-ia-iaw, l) r
 llaiuia, associated with Sir l»avid Brewster.’ Its
 literary character is ol the »ery highest order. 'I lie
 Westminster, dwmgh reprinted un er timt title u&lt;
 puhlisred in England iHuler ibe title of '1 he K ,i
 -«Hftl Quarterly ami W eaUutaaler—it Umg Ul t 4
 mimti.,l the two Renews fo*w«riy republished i
 reprtoted under sepatate lit**. t im,, thrrek.e,
 die advantage hr th„ ttmhmmmm of uniting rw
 work the he., feature, uf bod, a. heretolm* issued
 Ihe abuse PenodwaU are repeated m .New i iX,
 immedmtely oujha.r arrival by the Bm.sb steamer..
 tJ ‘)P*. fete who. WK mai
 •re hi.ti.tui copse. ol the ordinals, bWkwooo
 hem| aa exact/m.w*uut«ol dwEoinUuga
 i*icu ton l»4y, (ir iDaciima 10* iablv
 Fw any owe oi the four Rev**., ,3 00
 teat: 6uo
 r do 700
 P* Sfc*" 00 1 “d the 3 Reviews, »00
 I &lt;w Blackwood* the 4 Rev»w., 10 00
 “•JWitO to be made in aU coots in adeanc*
 CLUBBING.
 rout copse, of any or aii the above work, will b
 •eat to one addres. on pa, meat of the regular sub
 •*np«toe for three—the tourtk copy being gratis
 EARLY COPIES.
 arranjeaie**, with the British puhiichers ol
 Blackwood's Magazine secures u» us early 'beets ot
 IMt wk, by which «vc ikftU he able to place the
 entire wnUr tu the band* of subscribers hemre say
 lAUtieo of it ran be reprmusd in any of the American
 Juwruai. Fur this and other advantages secured to
 &lt;wr subset diei we pay so Urge a con*idcraOon, that
 auy be compelled to nuse (he price ot the Mag*-
 “•e Therefore we repeat subscribe early suit
 theanewia hew.
 KewiiiiiKsa and rtumiaainennsw should be always
 idtktMtd. fw.al-.mxii nr Irankmi Lex rite Wn^tekmM
 _1 k So
 If frig* mtm, Wow Y«i
