FREDERICK DOUGLASS, to,to*
VOL 11. NO. 42.
The NORTH STAR i* published every'
 Friday, at No. 24, liaSeio Street,
 (Orff**ue IV Aw*
 TERM 8. j
 Two dohai» p«r tonum at tee pi m advance. No
 wilncription will I* recent lor let* tom then!
 .i\ months.
 AdvertiM'neats not exceeding ten line* inserted
 hre*&gt; times for one dolUr: every subsequent inter-,
 non, twenty-five cents.
 t Hi oUject ot the North Si»r will be to stuck
 StA*tnr in all its Terms and aspects; advocate
 I’jHTtnsAL Emancipation; exalt the standard
 f Pi RLie Mo a a lit T; promote the moral and in-
 improvement of the Colored People;
 and batten ilM?day of FREEDOM to the Three
 jlnuM* &lt;*f our Exiuated Fellow Conn-|
 TRTwrr.
 NOTICES.
 Y Ail CAimmunications relntint to the bust at**
 n tu-i f the paper, names ot suhsci ilier*, remit- j
 t.cr'es. k~., should l&gt;e addreased to John Dick,;
 I uMi*lier.
 itJK Aynas, and all other* sending names, are
 i &lt;(uentevl to be accurate, and give the Pist Office,
 H r and the .Staff. Each Subucrilier is ira
 me iiatilv credited for money received.
 (JTJ- Any person sending in the payment for four
 subscriber*, to he forwarded to one address, may
 have a fifth copy for one year.
 rHj* All letter l and communications must fie jxist,
 aul.
 USI OK AO ENTS.
 \1 a»sACHU6LTTS. —R. F. Wakutt, 21, Conihill,
 R iitoa; Natlian Jolmson, New Bedford; Horatio w
 I'.liter, Lowell; James N. Buffum, Lynn; George
 Even*, Worcester Bourne Spooner, Plymouth
 t'n.iries 11. Seth, Springfield David Kugglasj
 Northampton; H. Carpenter. Upton.
 vlaine.—Oliver Dennett, Portland.
 ißMOßT.— Rowland T. Robinson, Nortii Fer-j
 r i “sborg.
 Connecticut. —Jonathan Leonard) New Haven 1
 New Hampshire —Weare Tappan, Bradford, j
 New York.—Sydney H. Gav, 142, Nassau:
 Street; Jhiucs McCune Smith, 93, West Broadway:
 Joseph Post, Westbury, Queen County; Mary Har-;
 p»r, Albany; Elias Duty, Macedon; Willetts Keeae, I
 Pnru, Clinton County; William 8. Baltimore, Troy;;
 J F. Platt, Penn Van; J. Jeffrey, Geneva; E. L.,
 Platt, Bath.
 Rhode Island. —Amarancy Paine, Providence.
 Pennsylvania.—J. M. MlKim,3l, Nortii Fifth
 Street, Philadelphia; G- W. Gomes, 8, Exchange
 Place, Ditto; B. Bown,Pittsburgh; Wm. Whipper,
 Columbia; Isaac Roberts, Jacob L. Faxon, Norris-!
 own, Montgomery County, Milo A. J’owrnsend,
 N e\v Brighton. _ j
 Ohio.—Christian Donaldson, Cincinnati; Mat-:
 on and Gaines, Ditto; Valentine Nicholson, Har
 veyslwrgU, Warren Co.; Samuel Brooke, Salem, t
 Michigan.—Robert Banks. Detroit.
 Indiana.—Joel P. Davis, Economy, W ayne Co
S t lett ions.
 SPEECH OF ANSON BURLING*
 AML, Eli;.,
 Ai the State Convention of the Fret Democracy H or-
 i liter, Srpt. 12, 1849.
 Mr. Chairman and gentlemen of the
 Convention :—l respond to your call
 with alacrity, and I promise you all in
 the outset, tha’ I shall not detain you
 long. A friend sitting at my side just
 now, said that this assembly did not!
 look as if the Free Soil party werej
 dead. It is the resurrection and the
 life ot all that is noble in the old deadj
 parties. [Applause,]
 I discovered a lone in this Conven
 tion that tells me tuat the hour of the
 time server and the trimmer has struck.
 Henceforth men must be what they
 seem. It will not do to say you are it)
 favirr of freedom, when the only fruit
 of your action is a President who in-;
 vests the earning of a warrior life in
 the bodies and 9ouls of men. No, the
 stream must run as high as the fount:
 —The resolve must precede—must
 forerun the vote—and that vote must
 be given with a will that shall send it
 like a bullet through the very vitals of
 slavery. [Cheers.]
 Our difficulty has been not so much
 to find men holding our doc trines, as to
 find those who could stick to them in
 all weather. [Several rounds of ap
 plause.] The Taylor men and the
 Cass men both hold to our doctrines,
 but both pause and tremble before a
 pledge of their fulfilment, [Cheers
 Vou yourselves, in Worcester, have
 furnished the most striking instance of
 devotion to Freedom and defection from
 it in a man who sullied the glories ot a
 life in an hour, and took upon himself
 the voke he taught you to spurn.
 [Cheers Thank Heaven, the spirit
 that buoyed him up when his eye was
 sunward, still lives and treads unawed
 the path he trod b* fore he lost his prin
 ciples and changed his constituency.-
 |Great enthusiasm.] His punishment
 was severe, but it w as just, [applause]
 and I tell those men who betrayed us
 at Baltimore and Philadelphia,
 their doom too is sealed. [Hear! hear!]
 It is true their surpassing eloquence
 planted in our youthful breasts the
 principles we hold so dear—that they
 nourished those principles there until
 thev became the intensest convictions
 of our youthful lives—it is true they
 hive trampled them in the dust, but
 shall we follow their leading and do
 the same? No, we shall hold onto
 them—we young men —through good
 report and through evil report—teeling
 a« we .go on sustained by their own
 burning words in their better days, and
 sustained moreover by what is better
 a conscience here [placing his hand
 upon his heart]- and 1 tell those men
 that we shall move straight on, turning
 neither to ths right hand nor to the
 left, though our path of duty shall lead
 directly over the gra\e of their political
 aspirations i Irrepressible applause.]
 Why, all unprepared, a S we were,
 for their treachery, we went out on to
 the brown hills of the Old Bay State
 God bless her —and we heat both of
 their miserable nominee* before the
 people. [-Cheers, j e sent one
 down lower thsn plummet ever sound
 ed. (Unbounded and prolonged en
 thusiasm.) W« have tied up the other
 hand and foot at Washington
 (Cheers.) We have seized the halanct
 of power in nearly all the Northerr
 Slates, and we hold it in Congress to
 day and we mean to use it like mer
 holding in our hands the sacred inter
 ests of humanity, acting sometimes wit!
 this Party, and sometimes with that
 but always with those persona who arc
 most in favor of Freedom.
 Why, 1 think I behold before roe;
THE NORTH STAR.
already in session, the next Congress.
 (Sensation.) The Representative from
 Worcester who stands at the head of
 the alphabet in more sensei than* one,
 (Cheers, enthusiasm, waving of hats,
 and repeated rounds of applause, con
 tinued for several minutes.) sitting
 side by side with the accomplished
 Representative from Boston, who
 stands at the foot of the alphabet io
 more Mates than one. (Laughter and
 cheers.) 1 think 1 behold the Judge
 firing his resolutions into that quailing
 Congress like a revolver. 1 think 7
 see the accomplished gentleman, the
 Representative from Boston, vainly en
 deavoring to sustain in that Congress
 his Janus faced pol.cjr; I see him
 tiring out and finally behold him wip
 ing the perspiration from those fine
 features, which I will aay are all that
 is left to remind ua of a once noble
 ancestry, (Continuous applauM and
 laughter.)
 A friend met me yesterday in the
 street. Said he "Suppose California
 comes in as a State with an Anti-slave
 ry Constitution.” I replied ‘‘We will
 thank God and take courage. We will
 sing songs of jubilee in all the valleys
 of MassachuMtts, and then collect the
 forces of Liberty and heave them like
 an ocean wave upon the next salient
 point of slavery—(Cheers)—we will
 strike the fetters off the District of
 Columbia, (Cheers) —we will repeal
 the Jaw of ’93—we will destroy the
 inter-State slave trade, and stretch our
 arms of power and protection ova ther
 sea from pole to pole, (Cheers) —in
 short, we will put the Government ac
 tively and perpetually on the side of
 Freedom, (cheers.)
 And what do we mean by this?
 Why, we mean that if a citizen of the
 United States with a skin as dark as
 the purposes of slavery—(Applause)—
 if he shall apply to the Secretary of
 State for the protection to which a citi
 zen of the United States is entitled, hi"
 shall have it. (Great sensation.) If
 there is a usage against it, that usage
 shall be changed. (Enthusiasm.) If it
 is a controverted question, one of doubt
 as they 9ay it is, then we will give that
 doubt to Liberty, (Cheers) according
 to common law and common sense,
 v Repeated cheers.)
 We mean by putting the Government
 perpetnally on the side of Freedom,
 that if a boy educated in the Free-
 Schools of Worcester, shall apply and I
 be sustained in that application fer an j
 appointment in the Navy (manned
 principally from New England,) that,
 his claims shall not be set aside in favor
 of ir son of one of the first families in
 Virginia we mean, that if a rascal
 •hall rob our letters of their contents,
 either of money or affection, in South;
 Carolina, he shall suffer the same pen-;
 ally he would have to suffer in Massa
 chusetts for the same offence.
 (Cheers. And if a citizen of Massa-,
 cliusetts shall be imprisoned in the jail j
 at Charleston, arid we send our most j
 venerable man as attorney there to try i
 his rights, there shall stand between his
 gray hairs and death something more 1
 than a beautiful Rnd heroic daughter, i
 [Redoubled applause.] We mean to
 make slaveholding primu facie evidence
 against a man’s capacity to hold office, j
 We will see whether there is not a
 man among the eight hundred thou-,
 sand non-slaveholding voters of the
 South fit to hold office, as well as among
 the 113,000 slaveholders. If we can
 get a non-slaveholder in the Union, we
 will not take a slaveholder.
 How shall we achieve these things?
 We shall do it by calling together such
 large hearted Conventions as this—we
 will do it by going out on the hills of
 Massachusetts and speaking God’s
 truth to honest men—speaking th%t
 truth manfully with a proper regard to
 the feelings of our candid opponents
 —but coming down like the hammer of
 Thor upon those “Free Soil” men who
 will agree with us by our firesides,
 that Slavery is a curse, but who will go
 among the slaveholders and attempt to
 show by their Bibles that the institu
 tion is of divine origin, thus attempting
 to involve the Author of all good in
 their own criminal inconsistency. Aye,
 the great God, who thundered from
 Sinai opposition to all oppression—who
 suspended the laws of nature for the
 sake of delivering an oppressed people
 —who smote with death in one night
 two and a half millions of the first born
 of fifteen millions of Egyptians—who
 dealt out thunder and hail and dark
 ness against the oppressor —who made
 the Nile run blood all day long, pur
 pling the great Mediterranean for thirty
 miles—who sent plagues to persecute
 a whole nation —and all to show his
 abhorrence of a servitude, which,
 compared with American slavery, is as
 light compared to darkness. (Tre
 mendous burst of enthusiastic ap
 plause.)
 How shall we achieve these things?
 Why, we are three hundred thousand
 strong, and glowing with the faith with
 in us —as enthusiastic as the Crusa
 ders, and as tenacious of principle as
 were the followers of Cromwell—think
 you we shall not make ourselves heard
 and feltr
 We will study our principles by the
 light of day, we will write them down
 by the midnight lamp. We will give
 them the wings of the morning—wa
 will flash them across the telegraphic
 wires. We will preach them in con
 ventions inLyceums in short, we will
 kindle every fireside in the land againsl
 that system which invades all the sacred
 ties of domestic life- make
 the pulpits—the laat always—our pul
 pits to thunder against it* Our histo
 rians shall write againsl it. Our poeti
 aye aur poets—our poets—alaverj
 never had a poet (enthusiastic ap
 plauM) they shall write a ioftiei
 straw. They srs not oaty with Of it
RIGHT IS OF NO SEX—TRUTH IS OF NO COLOR—GOD IS THE FATHER OF US ALL, AND ALL WE ARE BRETHREN.
sentiment but with us in organization
 —our Bryant, and Longfellow, end
 Lowell, [a voice, “And Whitier”]
 —yea, and Whittier with his heart of
 oak and tongue of fire. Whittier it
 hare. We will demand, in short, the
 same courtesies for Freedom that they
 have for Slavery. If John C. Calhoun
 has the right to come here and to say
 we are disunionists, Charles Snmner
 shall have the right to go to South
 Carolina and prove him one by the re
 cord. (Applause.)
 If a slaveholder shall come here—his
 pockets a blacksmith’s shop, and him
 self a miniature arsenal, and in under
 taking to visit our New England Man
 chester, shall find in the cars a person
 with a black akm, and if he do not
 choose to ride in the same car with him,
 let him walk to Lowell on foot. If be
 calls our Lowell girls slaves, as some
 slaveholders have falsely styled them,
 let him tell it openly it he dare to them,
 and we can safely leave his punishment
 to their indignant tongues and flashing
 eyes. If a slaveholder comes to you
 and says, “Introduce me to your wives
 and daughters,’’ say “No.” Say “A
 than who sells wives and daughters
 shall not be intrusted with the honor of
 our homes.” [Sensation.] Say to him,
 I will not introduce yeu among my
 little ones, lest you may instil into thair
 youthful minds sentiments born of the
 bottomless pit.” [Good.] i
 We will do here as the celebrated
 Irish O’Connell did in the streets of
 London—refuss to shake their slave
 stained hands. A slaveholder can
 hardly be shaken by the hand among
 the better classes in England. We
 will make the same sentiments prevail
 here.
 A word more and lam done. [Go
 on, go on.] Why, we let loose the
 vials of our wrath upon a person for
 selling rum, but his business is saiutly
 compared with slaveholding. A rum
 seller makes a man a slave of his own
 free will, but the slaveholder does it by;
 force, shuts him out forever from the;
 sweet cheering voice of Father Mathew,
 who may wish to raise him from his de-:
 based condition. [True.] You that
 can beard the rumseller who is weak,
 go brave the slaveholder who stands
 behind and looms above him.
 I invoke the assistance of my youth
 ful brothers in this holy crusade. The
 victory must come, if it come at all,
 from your fiery hearts, for men in
 middle life are engrossed in the pursuits
 of business, and tremblingly hug the
 shores. The more advanced send down
 their anchors of hope and -turn rever
 ently to the past. But youth, with eagle
 eye and lion heart, looks forward and
 upward—courting the uncertainties of
 the future, defiant of its dangers. (Ap
 plause.) We have tha young men,
 th-m, by the necessity of their natures.
 (Yes.)
 Thanking you, gentlemen, and Mr.
 President, with all my heart for the kind
 manner in which you have listened to
 the few desultory remarks I have
 made, I will give way, and allow you
 to call to the stand some person more
 capable of doing justice to the great;
 cause we have in hand. (Cheers and
 applause.)
PRO-SLAV FRY THEOLOGY.
Slaveholders and their defenders,
 having been supplied at the hand of
 Northern clergymen with Biblical pro
 tections for their system and sanctions
 for their crime, are daily growing more
 devout and constant in their appeal to
 the Bible, more sanctimonious in their
 pious twang about the ‘dealings of Pro
 vidence’ and the ‘authority of Moses
 and the Apostles,’ and more bold and
 shameless in charging upon God the
 authorship and patronage of slavery.
 The extract below, from an influential
 Southern journal, will give an idea of
 this 'growth in grace,’ and at the same
 time a portrait of the popular religion
 of the South, which we foster and
 cherish by church fellowship and min
 isterial intercourse.
 The following is an extract from an
 essay on the evils of Abolitionism and
 the glories of Slavery, by a correspon
 dent of the Augusta (Ga.) RtpttblU:
 The writer should be hunted up, and
 the title of D. D. conferred on him by
 some one of our Northern Theological
 Schools. He is ahead of Dr. Rice
 and Dr. Junkin, when we last heard
 from them with regard to the ‘patri
 archal institution;’ but there [a no tel
 ling how far they may have progressed
 in pro-slavery theology since ISIS.
 We invite any, who are not blind to
 madness, to look into the holy, wise
 and merciful work of the beneficent
 i Creator. And in defending the char
 acter of the Christian’s God, as the
 auihor of Southern Slavery, we only
 ask thst its history may be traced. Go
 back, then, into the wilds of Africa,
 and see two of her savage tribes en
 gaged in the din of deadly battle. The
 one, and perhaps not the aggressor,
 proves victorious in the conflict. And
 now the broodiog spirit of the God ol
 mercy says to the conquering party, do
 not butcher your captives, though they
 may have unjustly assailed you, and,
 if conquriog, might Jhnve put you te
 i death, and paved their yards with yout
 skulls, as many savage tribes of youi
 country do with their captured enemies:
 but do you act upon the principle ol
 mercy and benevolence. Make il»ei
 your servants—-tun* them nte your
 money,—mad then they will be arete.
 ful to von, and you will love and pro
 ject them. The Divine influence pre
 vailed over their savage minds, Um
 1 poor captives, destined to destruction
 were spared by their conquer©™, *nd
 became their hied aod submissive
 slaves But to go badk to the caae ro
 {corded In the ninth of Genesis, when
 &amp;ÜBMXI hit c«a»»,
ROCHESTER, N. Y., FRIDAY, OCTOBER 12, 1849.
I whom Ham's descendants ate sub
 jected to the prophet, arose, had
 committed a most atrocious offence el
 some kind, was it not wondrous mercy
 in God, instead of the decapitation ol
 Ham, to simply punish him in CantUi
 the first son, perhaps, born to him aftai
 l the offence, by flattening his band,
 kinking his hair, and blackening bis
 akin, and turning him loose, with ku
 mind in chains, to be a servant of mp
 vants to his brethren, thus giving him
 time and opportunity for repentance,
 upon the same principle that the Nan
 Englanders confine their free negroes
 in their Penitentiary, instead of haqf
 -3 them for corns#. Nsv is the wtsdetfl
 mercy of God less marked with in
 finite benevolence, in allowing thesa
 captive sons of Canaan to be trana
 ported from bondage in their own land
 of degradation and darkness, to our
 country, while their enlightenment, and
 religious opportunitias, would not only
 1 elevate th6ir civil character, but se
 cure to them gospel privileges, through
 which thousands of them have rejoiced
 in past ages, and thousands will rejoien
 in redeeming mercy, in every genera
 tion, down to the judgment trump, at
 the sound of which, we are told, thsf
 every bondman, and every freeman,
 together with men of every rank and
 society, (found in impenitency) will say
 to the mountains and rocks, fall on us,
 and hide us from Him that sitteth on
 the throne, and from the wrath of the
 Lamb, for the great day of his wrath is
 come, and who shall he able to stand?
 I
 But putting the institution upon the
 footing that many of the forefathers of
 our slaves were kidnapped, though the
 avaricious dark hearted thieves 'meant
 it for evil, God meant it for good.’
 And while he holds those avaricious
 man-stealers responsible to the deci
 sions of the eternal judgment, he has
 greatly improved the condition of
 Joseph, by providentially causing him
 to be thrown into our honest possession,
 and as the steward of such a trust, we
 feel bound to take good care of our
 charge: and God forbid that the van
 dalism of Yankee and British fanati
 cism should bring against us any iniqui
 tious Pharoah to wield the sceptre of
 oppression over them, and in after
 generations. Your correspondent would;
 insinuate that the fact of our Southern!
 men voting in Congress to prohibit the;
 importation of slaves from Africa, and
 also to prevent the extension of Slave- j
 ry to some of the territories, denoted
 their disapproval of the institution of,
 Slavery. They voted against the
 Slave-Trade, not because the condition
 of the outdoor slaves would not be
 vastly bettered, but mainly, because
 it wasbecoming a rather strong tempta
 tion to the iniquitous sin of Yankee and
 British kidnapping.
 And we think your correspondent's
 attempt to use as precedents, to entire
 ly justify the unrestrained overleaping
 of the constitution, those -compromises
 voted for by Southern men, and sanc
 tioned by Southern Presidents, for the
 sake of the Union, and for the peace
 of the North, —but one out of many
 instances of proof that the spirit of Ab
 olitionism is marked by the character
 istic trait of basest ingratitude. We
 hesitate not to assert that all those
 compromises, admitted by the South to
 conciliate the North, were founded in
 injustice. For though we hold that
 every State who might feel it to be her
 interest to put out of her limits negro
 slavery, should be allowed to do it, if
 compatible with the rights of her citi
 zens and neighbors. Yet all territory
 becoming the property of the United
 States should be held in common by all
 her citizens, and that ail should be en
 titled, without restraiut, to participate
 in its occupancy. And why should not
 the people of the South, with their por
 perty, and, with the God of justice and
 mercy overshadowing them, with the
 protecting banner af his truth, go into
 New Mexico carrying the flag of the
 gospel, to unfurl to her inhabitants,
 debased far below our negroes in civil
 condition and religious opportunities!
 Ah, we ask in truth and justice why
 not? And the sound of this question
 having reverberated upon the zephyrs i
 of the far West, the echo, as the voice
 of God, back from the mountains ofj
 California, thunder forth in truth and
 justice, why not?
 I have no pretension to prophetic
 vision, but, upon the showing of your
 correspondent, our slaves are greatly
 prospering, and the God of heaven has
 placed net only New, but Old Mexico,
 in such geographical and clirnaticai
 1 juxtaposition to our sunny South, that
 I know net, but wheu enlargement for
 our slaves may reuire, k# who has,
 1 ever favored those walking under the
 banner of truth and rigbteousneas, may
 open the way in peace and good-will
 too, for his peculiar institution of slave
 ry to carry its blessings still farther
 West,
 Ah, why wc ask, should it not he
 j destined to past over thv battle fields
 i of Mexico to the Halls of the Moote
 zumas, bearing thither this glorious
 gospel banner, whose motto is glory to;
 Godin the highest, on earth peace,!
 good will toward man. There not only j
 to give to all classes access to the true,
 religioo. to raise the poor Peon to eai
 squalitv with our slaves in point of re
 ligious privileges, but to un.kaclda his
 mind fettered m superrtition andele
 vale him as a descendant of J*£*•*”&gt;
 i to a position in the scale of inteUectu
 alitv fir above the point beyond which
 the eons of Canaan can aver Has, with
 God’s prophetic doom stamp* »poa
 their physical and intellectual organs.

 i Poutmim— Tn» .poUUMM w Ik*
 oflapringof good aUutt and ««*d
 h..rT\ b*. from th*
 wDMMMof lop, M »l« 8«W«f
ia from nature’! own fragrant ran*.
 Yet a good heart needs cukivatioa to be
 r productive of good manners. How often
 j hare my own feelings boon injured by
 a rough, uncalled for remark, when
 kind words could bare been as easily
 •pokes! There are tunes for sarcasm
 I and rebuke, but these, in no ease,
 should be so frequent as to form a .habit
 ;of blunt and careless speaking. Seme
 are led to such a course by attempting
 to be frank and open hearted, forget
 ting that the meet severe and snwal
 i come truths caa be ottered in the kiad
 est and meat aelita laaguaga. “Wards
 are empty,” but important things. One
 heedless saying may daslrsy a valuable
 friendship, may sever hearts whose
 union would have been a blessing
 through time. It is useless tossy “it
 was spoken in sport” —a spark of firs,
 unintentionally thrown upon powder,
 will ignite it as soon as one thrown in
 tentionally. The n(Otto of friendship
 should be, kind feeling*, kind words, and
 kind ocl*. Golden Rule.
 Prom the N. Y. Tribune.
 AN AMERICAN SLA YE IN ENGLAND. I
 London, England, June *l4, 1649. j
 Dear Sir: —l witnessed an incident
 a few days ago which 1 have no doubt
 will be interesting to you. Being at 271
 New-Broad-*!, I was introduced to a
 fugitive from American Slavery. He
 was a man about my color and sire.
 He could not tell his age, but I should
 think he was 45. He had been the
 shive of William Hunter of New Or
 leans. He attempted to fly from Slave-,
 ry about two years since, and was
 overtaken, received one hundred and
 sixty lashes, and wore an iron collar six
 months. His next opportunity occur
 red to get on board of an English ves
 sel. After they had been out three
 weeks, he was discovered in the hatch
 way, where he was concealed.—The
 Captain appeared to be enraged; he
 ordered a sand-bag to be tied to his
 feet, and said he would throw him
 overboard; that freak over, he ordered
 him to be tied up, saying be would flog
 him.—When all was ready, he went to
 him, looked at his back, and said,;
 “Well I don't see any place left to'
 flog!” When he arrived at Liverpool,'
 he ordered him to be kept concealed
 until night, and then he gave him a
 suit of clothes, four shillings in money,!
 and started him for London. He came
 to London and presented himself before
 the Lord Mayor, who was then sitting
 in Court; he gave him some tammy out
 of the poor=hWrfifld ordered lodgings to
 be provided for him. The next day he
 was brought to the Anti-Slavery office,
 and will go from here to one of the
 British islands. One fact in this case
 has struck me with great force—l may
 say alarming force—that an English
 Captain should hide a fugitive from
 American Slavery after he gets into
 Liverpool! Here you see American
 Slavery reaching forth it blood-stained
 hand all over the world, feeling after
 its victim, and seizing by the throat all
 who dare aid him. Brother, I tell you
 we need not fly from American Slave
 ry to any part of the world. We must
 meet it on the Continent and conquer it
 there, or we are done men, go where j
 we may. Yours truly,
 J. W. C. PENNINGTON.
 Pastor Shiloh Presb. Church, N. Y. j
 THE MORAL TEACHING OF THE I
 gallows.
 A correspondent of the Western (Ex-J
 »ter) Times write#:—Allow me to 'corn-;
 nunicate to you my personal observa
 tions of impressions ofthe effect which
 he execution of James Landick, on
 Monday last, had upon the vast multi
 .ude assem oled to enjoy the spectacle.
 need not stop to inform you how the
 rast throng assembled, nor even to in-;
 dicate the gay caravans with music, i
 not of the lugubrious sort, but of the'
 pipe and fiddle variety, which came
 from fardistnets not yet penetrated
 by the iron road. Tha crowd—esti
 mated at 40,000, in clothing reserved
 for holiday occasions, and in high
 good humor—had plenty of standing
 room, and awaited the event in decor
 ous, though cheerful quietude. I
 looked in vain for a serious or thought
 ful expression: the peopje ware out tOj
 enjoy a holiday and a sight. I did net 1
 lee any respectable people, although I
 bad ihe honor of converting with a cler
 gyman ofthe Established Church who
 bad come ‘to «ee the fellow scragged.”
 I did not feel respectable myself; I fok
 serious and sad, disgusted and harden
 ed: and when the victim appeared,and
 •hook his head mournfully at the crowd
 1 fell it the most pathetic reproach.
 While the mockery of a religious rite
 wes continued, there wee e general
 hush; the heart of that greet crowd
 beet tor one minute with pity and sym
 pathy for that poor, ignorant, bad man,
 who had taken his last look st the
 sun and the earth, sod bed request
 ed the cep to be instantly drawn
 over hit face, in shame, for himself end
 for tile people. I beard low muttered
 expressions of on all sides as, ‘Poor
 devil, 1 ‘Poor follow, I—but, 1 —but, although I
 •ought for them, yet found I no uuncor
 tioos oil ahhoreace of bis crime, or
 Mtwfsciioo at his foie. -‘Vengeance
 it miae,” sailh the law—e waraiag
 to evil deers will I Make this me*.
 Horror of the lew as a mvatkal ogre,
 and sympathy with a murderer, is ffie
 resalt. When it was ell over with
 the unhappy man, the crowd returned
 ia a cheerfiU, ha^y^jocMkceedncted
 in the pieces where intoxi
 cating drmk* and illicit pteaeoraa are
 •old. Tim scenes which followed the
 awful and warning spectacle are am
 for description, though they are ah**-
 E3SHKE3S
premeditated death m bra tabling sad
 inexpedient, and, as an example, per
 fectly nugatory. Eras whilst L*n*
 dick was being violently dismissed from
 this lift, as a warning and example,
 an old companion of his, and one of
 the witnesses, as I understand, at his
 trial, named Cano, was undergoing ex
 amination, within sight and horsing of
 the jlsath scene, on a charge of having
 committed a burglary since the trial.
 THE ACCOUNTABILITY OF
 SLAVERY.
 The responsibility which they as
 sume who undertake to control the con
 duct of others, is a fearful one. This
 kind of responsibility slavery always
 imposes on masters. Thsy who vol
 untarily assume such a relation to oth
 ers shauld have brave hearts, as it is
 not unlikely that occasions may arise
 in which great sternness and rigor,
 and perhaps cruelty, will be exacted
 of them, for the effect of which, they
 must be held accountable to a Power
 higher than of man.
 Whoever undertakes to control oth
 ers necessarily makes himself acconn
 tab!s|for the conduct of those under him.
 This cannot be set aside. It ad
 heres of necessity to the position of a
 master. The servant cannot exert his
 own independent volition, and where
 there is no freedom of volutions reason
 teaches that accountability cannot ex
 ist. If the accountability of a human
 being is affected or lessened, he who
 lessees it must, to the extent which it is
 lessened, assume accountability. It is
 impossible to avoid this conclusion. A
 man is accountable for his own con
 duct only because he himself deter
 mines what that conduct shall be. If he
 voluntarily step in and assumes the con
 trol of another, he necessarily, by that;
 act, assumes to himself the accounta
 bility of all such conduct as he requires.
 What a fearful thing it is thus volun-i
 tarily to assume accountability in the 1
 sight of Heaven for the conduct and
 character of others! All-minded, true,
 baarted men feel that to be accounts-'
 ble for themselves is s perilous thing,
 and he who adds accountability for oth
 ers to his accountability for himself,
 places himself in a position of greatdis-!
 advantage and great danger.
 A Kentucky master owns a negro
 child. Ha brings that (child up in a
 state of moral and mental blindness—
 in consequence of that blindness, the
 child commits many blunders and is
 guilty of many crimes. Can the child
 b« haMseevmiWMe for the cfTtnes
 which resulted from the control which
 his master exerted over him If a man
 oould render his neighbor insane and
 could induce him, while in a state of in
 sanity, to cut the throat of a third per
 son, no one would hesitate to excuse
 the madman and to hold the man who
 caused the insanity and induced the
 murder responsible. Now, although
 the master who holds a slave may not
 be to that fatal extent accountable for
 the slave’s transgressions, those vices
 and crimes perpetrated by the slave
 that are directly, clearly and only
 traceable to the power exerted over
 him by the master, must be charged
 on the master. We cannot see how
 masters can escape accountability for
 the conduct of slaves to the extent
 that the will of the slave is directly un
 der their control. If thorp was no oth
 er objection to slavery tfaftn that it im
 poses additional accountability on the
 master, that consideration; of itself,
 ought to deter all reflecting men Iroro
 involving themselves in its perils.
 All parents fool that they are accoun
 table to some extent for the conduct
 and character of their children. This
 conviction co-operating witH paternal
 affection, induces them to studiously
 endeavor to enlighten the hearts and
 instruct the minds of their offspring in
 relation to subjects of the most solemn
 importance. All agree that, if a father
 •eta an example of drunkenness to hie
 son, end the son adopts U, and lives a
 nuisance and dies in a gutter in conse
 quence, the father csnnotjbe guiltless.
 Or if a child is debarred by the perent
 from acquiring a knowledge of sound
 moral principles, and in consequence
 of hie ignorance of those principles
 leads an ungodly lift the parent cannot
 bo excused. He is nearly as gailty
 for the child’s ungodliness as if
 he had committed it himself. Those
 parents who strive to discharge their
 doties to their offspring, are net ac
 countable for the conduct of their eff
 spring, while they who, in conse
 quence of their vile examples, incite
 their children to the commission of sin,
 or by keeping their children in a state
 ot mental and moral ignorance, footer
 habits fatal to their integrity, era very
 generally and vary justly looked upon
 as involved in the guilt of their off
 spring.
 Now k is precisely aa true that mas
 ten who control the character end
 conduct of tbeir slaves, thereby ere ac
 countable for the character end con
 duct of their children, who, in cooee
 quence of parental control, ere led into
 vice end uiiqoky.
 In view, then, of the responsibili
 ties wbichbla very imposes on masters,
 is not thaidnership of a human being
 an accountable being, an awful trust'
 If good men shrink front the responsi
 bility of their own thoughts and deeds,
 how much more ought they la eknddoi
 to assn mo the responsibility af thi
 thoughts mad acts of others? -ftai
 vilk cisaiwr.
 ICpWhen Cariyie was asked by t
 young person to pewit oat what court*
 of readiag ha thought bad to meki
 him a man, rcpliad ta his chemelons
 tie Maser:—»b i* eet eat, by ksaki
 tael! Juaata a aae Study to 6
 'ftuUaUrrksMTer Uaa| is /our aetaa
MCI, Fi-aLisas*’.*"
WHOLE NO. 94.
HtnatMO, Um lad now, you find either
 expressly or tacitly laid down at your
 charge—that i« your paw, stand to at
 like a true soldier. Silently devour
 tbe many chagrins of it—all aituatioos
 have many, and see yon aim not to qmt
 it, without doing all that is in your
 duty.”
 From tbe Si. Y. Kvemaf Pint
 MORF. INCEXDIARIF* 4T TNK
 torrß.
 f s
 We recently copied from a V trguiia
 paper, certain humane threat* against
 the editors and publisher* of sort am’a
 Magazine, and all in any wise connect*
 ed with it. One person especially, the
 writer ot a tale published in the Maga
 zine, in which a negro is allowed to
 justify himself dor escaping from the
 peculiar institution, was earnestly in
 vited to make his appearance south of
 the Potomac, and was assured if he did
 so, he would be murdered by a web
 tbe instant he became known. A lady
 of this city, of distinguished literary
 reputation, stated to be connected with
 the Magazine, was at the same time
 warned, under the penalty of outrage,
 not to present herself in those lati
 tudes. It has since beau discovered
 that the |author| of tliis obnoxious tala
 is a Southern incendiary, by the name
 of Wiley, a native and citizen of North
 Carolina, a graduate of her State Uni
 versity, and a practising lawyer in hat
 courts.
 The South Carolinian.. a print as
 sharp as any, even in the State where
 it is published, on the scent of an in
 cendiary, has an article upon the case
 of Mr. Wiley, from which we learn
 that he is to be required to give rea
 sons and expl&amp;natjona for permitting
 Wild Bill, who personates the charac
 ter of the fugitive slave to talk in tbe
 heretical manner which has excited ae
 much alarm and indignation. But tbs
 South Carolinian is fearful that the un
 fortunate tala writer will be unable te
 satisfy ‘his fellow-citizens, whom he
 has ao grievously outraged.' The
 worst part of the w hole story is, that ta
 the dialogue, in which Wild Bill ax
 dresses his sentiments to Walter, an
 other character in the slory, on tbs
 subject of escaping from bondage, he
 does not make Walter's refutatioa at.
 all satisfactory.
 This is very unfortunate, ami, wt
 fear beyond remedy; for every body
 will admit, that if Wild Bill ie a person
 of any acuteness and viger of intellect,
 he will so apply those faculties in the
 argument upon the propriety of rnnmng
 away from slavery as to render any at
 tempt to reply quite futile And that
 he has employed a very forcible style
 of reasoning on the subject, it is evi
 dent from the sensation of his conver-'
 sation with Walter has occasioned. A
 North Carolinia editor, who aeema te
 be a neighbor and acquaintance of Mr.
 Wiley, and who is altogether lass san
 guinary and obdurate than his brothel
 of The South Carolinian, proposes te
 postpone the hanging of his friend, un
 til he has had the opportunity of finish
 ing his story; for he suggests that, ni
 ter all, the tale may have a vary fit
 ting catastrophe. W r iid Bill may be
 floored in the argument by Walter,and
 then tbe fugitive colored logician may
 be caught and strung up: and so all
 end happily.
 What is to be done with Wiley,
 becomes a vary important question
 Hie treatment will form a precedent in
 the code Lynch, which may exercise a
 great iufluence in the future adminis
 tration of it. Hie crime ih certainly
 far more flagrant than that with which
 Barrett stands charged; for the docu
 ment signed Brutus, which this un
 lucky person is said to have put into the
 mails, makes no reference whatever te
 slavery, but is simply a ealm address
 to the whits citizens ef South Carolina,
 showing them that they live underran
 aristocratical despotism, and are de
 nied a portion of their political right#
 This is denounced as a 'celebrated
 incendiary document' and a respecta
 ble citizen of a free State is threatened
 with death for attempting to circulate it
 through the government’s mails. Of
 course if they ceuld catch the author
 of that address, he would be account
 dated with a short shift and a long rope
 Mr. Wilev, therefore, stands in a ve»&gt;
 critical position, and it would net sur
 prise us to hear, by the next naml.
 that tbe services of the Hon. Mr. Ketch
 now in the United Stales Senate, had
 been brought into requisition, and the
 first indiscreet story-teller had been
 ‘hung up on tbe first limb;' and if tbe
 bones of Thomas Jefferson should be
 exhumed, and suspended by that body,
 tbe memory ef that prince of incendia
 ries would, at length have received tbe
 crowning honor to which the fanaticism
 of the hour in Carolina and Virginia
 no doubt, considers it fully entitled.
 it strikes many as a singular circum
 stance that all three of the person# who
 are at this time exciting the leers
 and tbe violent passions of the more
 bigoted partisans of slavery in tbo
 South are themselves natives of that
 region. 'i*he most dreaded and detest
 ed of them, tbe author of tbe polit
 ical tract signed Brutus, *'~v
 man, bom in South Carolina, and,
 until within a few yuan, a resident
 preacher in that Stats. Mr. Barrett,
 Si as we are led to believe in a recent tot
 i ter, is a native of Virginia, and ban
 not boon many years a eitmenef a
 freo State; and to tbo ‘OoodOld Notth
 State,’ tbo South is indebted for the
 i gift of WBey. This is a fact that may
 i very well awalmn inquiry in respect
 ilthe tendencies of so isstitution, tbe
 most foraadsMe enemies of which are
 produced in tbe midf* ot* coemwailiee,
 i where it npfiars the mum securely
 guarded bylaw,and by tbo vigilance ef
 t-thoee interested u» preserving it.
