RECEIPT*.
 FOR T«K
 Iff aw-York State V
 Stats or Nkw-Yor*. —S. Griggand oth
 ert», Ijevanna. 6.00, Friends, StoWs Squire,
 3.00, S. Brigham, Vienna, 1.00. r‘lends,
 per B. S. Halsey, Ithaca, 5.00, D. |f.
 K’nne, Ovid, 5 00, per W. Stickney, CVt
 astota, 2.00, Colld, in Flushing, 4.00, O.
 S. Penfield, Delhi, 10 00, per Her. J. King,
 Richfield, 6.00, J. Ellmore, Thereea, 1.00,
 Mrs. S. Danturth, Lafayette, 5,00, tier L.
 D. Smith, West Winfield, 27.00, B. Perry,
 Schaghticoke, 2.00, L. \V. Fellows. Dur
 ham. 2.00, S. Howland, D. Thomas. B.
 Gould, and C. Howland, Aurora, each 5.00,
 other friends, Aurora, 30.00, Fnenda, per W.
 Wagoner, I station, 10.00, per W. M
 Clarke, Syracuse, 5.00, Friends, Homer,
 11.00, M. Hamblin, Pnon Van, 10.00, in
 all, $164.00.
 New-York Cite.—S. Leeds, 10.00, A.
 Lane, W. E. Wluting, L. Tappau, t). S-
 Wtlliaraa, each, 5.00, Dr. T. Hitter, 1.50,
 J. C. Gray, 1. Wnght, and 8. T. Sanger,
 each, 3.&lt;W, W. H. Pillow, 2.50, A G
 West, 2.00, Pearson, 1.25, Mrs. Pm
 field, 1.00, Dr. A. S. Ball, 1 00, J L. Kn
 sign, 1.00, —in all, $57.25.
 Massachusetts. —W. Rotch, Newbury,
 port, 50.00, D. C. Joy, Northampton
 10.00, W, C. Taber, New Bedford, ID.iK)
 N. Barney, Nantucket, 10.00. Hunt A \N ii
 der, N. Bndgawater, 10.00, M Faxon, do
 3.00, E. E. Bennett,do, 1.00. J. M. Wilder
 Hanover, 5.00, A. Curtis, East Abmgton
 5.00. P. Shaw, North Abmgton, 1,00, N
 Shaw, South Weymouth, 2.00, Cash, 75
 cents, —in all, 107.75.
 Connecticut. —Rev. G. W Perkins
 Meriden, 10.00, Dea. Hull, Clinton, 5.00
 S Higgins, do. 2.00, H. Curtis A J. Parker
 Meriden, each. 1.00, .FBraddock, West Mer
 iden, 1.00, Cash, 50, cents,—in all, $2O 50
 Pennsylvania.—Henry Grew, Philada.
 5 00, D. Neall, do. 5.00.
 Illinois.—M. AL. Petiengill, 5.00.
 New Jersey.—J. Howe,Jarsey City, 1 .00
 TOTAL —$365. 50.
 ff~pOf the above, $11.75 was voluntary
 collected in Massachusetts and Connecticut
 by our esteemed brother Alanson Work, o
 Hartford, Conn. Considerable sums have al
 bo been collected by our General Agent, Wm
 L. Chaplin, E. M. R. Glenn, and others
 which will lx; duly acknowledgad when tu.li
 reported to the Treasurer.
 William Darned, Treas’r.
 No. 61 John Street.
 Note. —Several of the above donation!
 wete accompanied by letters from friends it
 various parts of the country, of a very grati
 fying character, and showing a hearty co-op
 eratlon in the great objects of the Committee
 The truly Christian spirit, and eminent!)
 practical character of the following, is our U'
 pology for giving it that publicity, for which
 we are awaTe the venerable writer did noi
 intend it:
 Utii mo. 13- l»4y.
 Wm. Harnkd
 Dear Friend—Since the receipt oi
 the Vigilance Committee’s Circular, two
 weeks ago, I have been diligently engaged in
 endeavoring to respond to the call, and have
 found a greater degree, of sympathy with
 suffering humanity than my appeals met with
 last spring. And in order to excite
 an interest for the oppressed in the breasts ol
 the dear chiidien, 1 solicited them to add
 their shillings and pence. The result is the
 enclosed draft (for Fifty Dollars), which
 1 thought preferable to bills, both as regards
 safety of conveyance, and because of the dis
 count on some of them. My whole-hearted
 friend, E. D T., assisted me; as my age
 (orer eighty years) and consequent infirmitie?
 disqualify me lor much active service. 1
 would recommend you to address the nexl
 Circular to her, instead of to one whose use
 fulness is pretty mueh over.
 Surely the example of this “Mother ic Is
 rael” will arouse the dormant eneigies of ou
 numerous friends who have not replied n
 our numerous appeals, and prompt them im
 mediately to Go and no likewise.
 New-York, Sept. 25, 1949.
Outrage upon a Free Colored Man.
 ft'or respondent;# ol tlw Boston Republican.]
 Passing one of the principal streets of Cinci
 r.nati last Sunday, towards sundown, a color
 ed woman hao attracted quite a crowd, b
 whipping very severely a little girl of hers
 and when remonstrated with about it, sh
 earnestly asserted her right to do it becatis
 she had bought her at a g.eat price Sh
 did not claim the right to correct it as tli
 mother of the child, but based her right upo
 a purchased the article, and that arlicle he
 own daughter. I learned on inquiiv, tha
 the woman, a little while ago, was a slave ii
 Vicksburgh, Miss., and had earned uione;
 •nough, by extra effort at washing, to tun
 herself and three children for about 1 200
 and had left the father of the two colorei
 children in bondage, while the lather of th&lt;
 white one is still m Vicksburg, but not
 slave. She asserted that $2,500 was tin
 price paid. Here she follows her old voca
 lion, taking in washing, although she receive;
 hut one third as much here for the sarin
 amount of work as she received in Vicksburg
 Last evening 1 stepped into a barber’s shop
 and learned a fact touching slavery from tin
 lips of the man on whose person the wioof
 was done. A very well behaved and ge.mce
 colored man, aged 28, who had traveller
 much in ihe Slave Slates in the employmen
 df Major A J. Donaldson, and one or twi
 other distinguished gentlemen, went dovit
 I he Mississippi river to New Orleans, as bar
 her on board the steamboat Niagara, a yea
 ago. As soon as the boat fastened to ihi
 wharf or Levee, an officer came on beau
 looking for free negroes. He met the barber
 and demanded his papers, and was told In
 had no papers, but was free born in the sian
 of Ohio. He was immediately seized am
 ordered to ll** lock-up. The Caplaiu of tin
 boat interposed, vouching for his being a free
 •man, and offering to become bound in air
 sum, from $5,000 to $15,000, that the color
 •d man, William K, 11. Brown, should re
 main constantly on board the boat while shi
 was at New Orleans, and that he should te
 turn up the river with the boat, l ine woul&lt;
 not do, and the intelligent barber was liurriet
 away m confinement, where he was hep
 eighty-seven days before his Cincinnati friend;
 could learn his whereabouts; all his letter:
 being intercepted or strangely miscarried
 At last Judge McLean and Col. Wm. K
 Bond, formerly and lor many years a Mem
 her of Congiess from this '.State, and uovi
 Surveyor of this port, in whose family tin
 barber was born, and for whom lie wai
 named, interposed, paid all expenses am
 charges, and had him released His hills o
 hoard and washing, Ar., used up his ku o
 •bavmg tools and spare clothes, which he sob
 to raise money, and aside from his time mu
 •offering* of mind, his costs amounted u
 •bout 9250, which ho is labor.ng hard u
 ••cure and is refunding the money advance
 by Judge McLean and Col. Bond.
 Other and numerous facta like ihe above
 daily le*rn here, and yet there is a strong
 pro-slavery feeling m this place, because mei
 ind a for tbeit interest to be on good term
 with the many slaveholder# who come here u
 do business. The light* of man are fu;g*i
 t«n in the pursuit of the C»o«l of th:s w. rld
 tkt evtrlatung dollar.. How much longer wd
 the people tolerate, in this Luton, such out
 rages upon American citutens V\ list
 mockery to get up meetings in Lmcinnau ti
 sympathise with the Hungarian#, and chec
 them on in tbcir struggles for freedom, wbik
 •osh insults and w rongs are heaped upon he
 own citizens in a sitter State' Out upon suci
 hypocrisy' Let it be remembered that
 daily and hourly, this same thing it acted
 over and over again, in the persona of Amen
 cau etuiertt, m the very Stale from whici
 was last sccUwted the Chief Magutiato u
preside m tbe administration of government
 in this great nation. This outrage was com
 milaerf, ihCt bo friendly «we should sat &lt;0
 the Colored men toiling lnjes—ntly on Zachary
 Tsrkw s fli intation, and the plantations #1
 othif sla»&lt;k»idt‘i» in that State. “You aiea
 and flfee day, perhaps, far down in ti|l
 tatuit. yoer posterity dull be flee.”
 When I ftfiect with what cocrtesy Louisi
 anians, although many shades darker than are
 the people of the Eastern States, are treated
 when they visit New England, and then heat
 such facts from people of the north but little
 darker than are these New Orleans Algerines,
 who hare punished thus for their color. I am
 ready to swear upon tbe altar of ruy country,
 that, through anv agency of mine, no slave
 holder shad ever be the chief ruler of the frde
 -1 men in thin sountry.
 We must say to the South, abolish youi
 heathenish statutes against the rights of aU
 i people (foiu the free States, at least, sad treat
 our citmeos as cittsenn of your own Slain are
 treated at home aad at the north, or not 3
 man who holds slaves shall hold any office un
 |der the General Government. Your non-
 I slaveholders shall fill all such offices or they
 shall not be filled at all.
 Slave Cask at th* West.—We lean
 from the HiUtboraugh (Ohio) GeztUf, that a
 mail by the name of fk»g*cll, from Memphis,
 undertook to carry off a negro woman, In
 Clermont county, Ohio, under the following
 circumstances His claim to her services ai
 a slave rested on a paper purpoiting to be I
 bill of sale from a former owner in Memphis
 not sufficiently authenticated. This papei
 certified that lie had bought said slave foi
 **6o; that she was a slave for life, wai
 sound of body and mind, Stc., winch transac
 tion took plave in April la.st. This womai
 was found at the house of Mr. James Sloane
 near Mourertown, in Hamilton county, wai
 seized by these persons, in the hou.se of Mr
 Sioane, and dragged out some distance towsri
 the road, with the intention, as wss believed
 of transporting her out of the State, as
 slave. Before they got to the road, however
 they were met by Mr. Sloane, and toldthej
 must not remove Mary froth his premieei
 without first establishing their claim.
 While thus engaged, a warrant fron
 Esquire Long was obtained, upon the oath o
 H. P. Sloane, and the parties were arrestei
 upon a charge of seizing a free black persoi
 named Mary Elizabeth Monroe, keeping he:
 i m restraint and confinement, with intention t&lt;
 tiansporl her out of the State of Ohio. Thej
 were brought to Hillsborough. Upon ex
 amimng and comparing the testimony, it wai
 found that Mary was the slave of Cogzell
 purchased, as stated in the bill of sale, ii
 April last; that he (her master) sent he
 with a lady, Mrs. Phiipot, who was in t!
 lieahli, to Ohio, on a visit to her brother, t
 Mr. Hammett, one of the accused.
 While residing in Clermont, some persoi
 informed Mary that she was free; that he
 master having sent her to a free State, ha&lt;
 thereby emancipated her. So she resolved t&lt;
 put the matter to the proof, and accordingly
 on the sth of July, left the services of Mrs
 P., and was by some one takeu to Mr
 Sloane’s, where she remained until seized bi
 I the claimants. The black woman Mary wai
 j admitted to testify a&amp; a witness in the case
 the fitst case of the kind in Highland sinct
 ihc repeal of the Black Laws. Her testi
 inony. it is said, was calm, clear, and de
 liberate —without confusion or hesitation, ant
 duly corroborated by the testimony o
 others.
 Sixteen Days Later from California
 The New Vork Tribune has advices fronr
 San Francisco to August Id, being sixteer
 days later than the news brought by the
 steamer Panama. This intelligence was re
 ceived through Mazatlan, Mexico and Verr
 j Cruz, and reached New’ York in the mail oi
 1 the British steamer Severn, by the way ol
 i Mobile.
 j The news from the mines is of a quite glow
 i ing character; the yield of gold was steady
 and though there was, as a uoattar of course
 1 much disappointment among individuals, tin
 general result was highly satisfactory. It i
 estimated that the average product of all tin
 mines together, thus far, since the beginning
 of that season, has been $2,000,000 pe
 month, and there was thought to be no doub
 of its continuance at the same rate of abun
 dance, No change is quoted in the pricei
 either of gold or meichandise.
 The health of the population both at th&lt;
 j mines and elsew here, is generally good, anc
 neither cholera nor any other serious maladj
 is reported as having made its appearance.
 The jealous, unfriendly feeling which has
 j so long been in existence between the Amer
 iicans and South Americans ofSpanish origin
 i has at last approached a crisis, and by the
 1 next a rival we may expect to hear of a grave
 I collision, at least if the party warned offdis
 j play anthmg like a manly spirit. The Amer
 leans have determined that the Mexicans and
 I Chilians who are at the mines shall no longei
 enjoy the privilege of digging out the richei
 .of the earth, and have taken deliberate meas
 ures accordingly. All companies of these na
 j turns who have come organized tft work foi
 (the season, with the inteniiou of returning tc
 spend the winter and wet season at home,
 have been informed that their presence will
 no longer be tolerated, and have received pos
 itive orders to leave tbe gold diggings and
 not return. The more active and energetic
 part of the American mining population are
 j understood to be engaged in tins new move
 ment of nativeisra, but we are not informed
 j what number of persons are actually engaged
 in this expulsive movement nor how the
 parti- sjwould be matched incase of an attempt
 forcibly to compel the Mexicans and Chilians
 to evacuate but there appears to be no doubi
 that the latter would have no resource but tc
 submit at last.
 The order to evacuate allows a fixed time
 sufficient for the retiring partiee to make fcl
 necessary preparations. Tbe Americans seen:
 from our iulurmation, to have proceeded very
 calmly about it, and up to tbe 18th no distur
 bances whatever had taken place they were
 waiting lor the expiration of the allotted peri
 od, after which, should the rejected adventu
 t rersn fuse to leave, they would set about
 [making them. When that moment arrives,
 there is, in the nature of the case, danger oi
 fighting and bloodshed.
 Politics seein to be much more quiet
 through the Territory than at the last dates
 when the bustle of the elections had not yel
 ended and the excitement was still fresh
 Now ins comparatively stagnant. Not a
 word ta mentioned in our advices about the
 proposed Slate Constitution, nor is the con
 vention so much as alluded to. From this,the
 1 inference naiuraly is, that the people are tot
 i intently occupied w ith the great business o:
 I taking out gold and getting rich to devote any
 great amount of thought, iu the hot weathei
 of the dog days, to any thing of so dull*
 peisoual interest as public affairs in a country
 where the spoils of the Treasury are not st
 itch as those of the placers, nor so essy of ac
 cess and eiriting in the aqui6ipon as thoseo:
 i a faro bank or a roulette table.
 Toths a Side of thiStoxy.— Those wht
 ne fascinated with the golden prospects ol
 altfornia, as they art set forth tu the letter!
 from that country,will perhaps*receive a link
 discouragement from any such contradiction
 l as the following, which we copy from the
 National Intehgencer of the 23d
 j Extract from a letter received in this cuy
 I from a geuiiemau of known veracity, dated ai
 Mt niert-v, July 2?
 Ibe California excitement is the greatesi
 humbug of sll time. There i* much gold in
 the country, but in most c«aes a man
 can clear but little beyond his board,
 while the labor is of the hardest and most ex
 j posing kind. Some few have luck, and
 Stake largely Withtn a short irate, which
 ■it trumpeted every where fur effeer. Wbik
 I worked I did not get enough to pay tuv
 board. It is well understood here, that cer
 tain officer* have written home in an official
 capacity more favorable account* than this.
 Those who rsmam among us, if Owy have
«»J generous Wan laft them, meet deplore
 tbepart thagr hsv* taken when they behold
 the thousands now landing ban, with high
 hopes that (tlaal) will never be realized. I
 *m at this place oo mj way from Saa Frae
 ctaco to Lae Angelos, where I design setile
 ing if 1 like U. When] I get theta, and set
 tled, I w?B writ* you a letter as hmg aad
 broad as Peoaeytvseia Avenue, ft vine hia
 tory of all I saw, and “part of which I eras."
 Mosquito Tsouslcs.—The Washington
 correspondent of the K. Y. Joornal of Com
 merce says:
 There baa been a sharp correspondence be
 tween Mr. Clayton and the 3riuah Minister,
 Mr. Grampian. It is balievad soma high
 ground has been taken by this government io
 i appaartioa to the exdaaive pteteaaiona of
 Great Britain.
 j It will be recollected that the British gov
 i eminent has adopted, eo to speak, one of the
 wild savages of Central America, aad set him
 up as a king, claiming for him the territory in
 the vicinity of the San Juan river, the outlet
 of Lake Nicaragua, including the exclusive
 j right of navigating that river. The real
 cause of this interest suddenly taken by the
 British government m the affairs of an igno
 rant savage, is perfectly transparent. The
 most feasible route fur a ship canal across the
 Isthmus, exists at this point, to the sueeess of
 this ■project, the navigation of Ibe St. John
 rivet is essential. The British government,
 is the “guardian*’ of the Moequito king, and
 denies the citizens of any other nation the
 previlege of navigating the San Juan.
 The republic of New Grenada, to whom
 this territory rightfully belongs, has recently
 i signed a contract with a company from the
 united States, granting them the exclusive
 navigation of the San Juan river, for the term
 of fifteen years, on the condition that that
 i company commence cutting a canal from the
 Lake Nicaragua to the Pacific ocean, within
 I a year from the date of the contract. The
 affair, which lias been pending for nearly two
 i years, is thus brought to a crisis.—The
 American government has probably refused to
 acknowledge the puppet set up by the British
 i Government, as “King of the Moequito Terri
 tory,” and has recognized the jurisdiction ol
 i the Republic of Nicaragua over the territory,
 F and asserted the right of our citizens, under
 I grant from that government, to navigate the
 i San Juan.
 Our relations with Great Britain.—
 r Unfounded Rumor. —The Courier and En
 quirer of Thursday says: It has been an
 nounced in several of the City papers within
 a few days past, that a warm correspondnce
 J has taken place between Mr. Clayton, our
 Secretary of State, and Mr. Crampton, the
 I Bditish Charge de Affairs at Washington,
 upou the pretentions of Great Brittain to co
 controll the navigation os the San Juan river
 in the State of 4 Nicaraqua. The onnounce
 ment, coming upon the heels of the Poussin
 I difficulty, has made some stir and been con
 sideracly talked about. We have it in our
 power to scate that the rumor is entirely un.
 founded. No correspondence whatever has
 been laid upon the subject nor will it, in all
 proqability, be made matter of diplomic dis
 mission nntii the arrival of Sir Henry Lytton
 Bulwer. the British Minister.”
 Rev. Mr.. Nkvin.—We understand that
 the Rev. Mr. Nevin, of Mount Vernon, 0.,
 i has united with the Presbyterian Abolition
 r church, which was organized a year or two
 since. If Abolitionism does not abolish sla
 very, it produces other fruits which are suffi
 ciently marked —driving some into schism
 and ethers into infidelity .—-Presbyterian oj
 the West.
 Dr. Rice, the able editor of the Presbyte
 rian of the West shows the littleness of hii
 pro-slavery mind in the above extract. On
 most points not connected with the slavery
 question, the Dr. shows the most enlarged
 j mind, and pious soul, and is one of the most
 faithful rebukers of immorality. But how
 i j little does it look to try to cast odium upon
 I the Free Presbbyterian church by calling il
 the Abolition Church Not that there ii
 s, really any odium attached to the name Ab
 oiition,” but lie knows that to most of hii
 hearers that name is exceedingly opprobri
 I ous. The D. D. in the O. S. Pres, church
 I j that has not magnanimity enough to call any
 branch of the Presbyterian church by its right
 1 name, but will give it one commonly regar
 ded as odious, shows that he is either undei
 1 the deep probings of conscience, or is fearful
 that a reforming church, coming out from his
 own, may tend to diminish the latter, or spoil
 1 some of the craft.
 j “If Abolitionism does not abolish slavery,”
 it is not because Abolitionists have not the
 truth with them, but because such men as Dr.
 Rice argue and teach that the relation ol
 mastei and slave it not sinful,” and oppose
 every just effort of the Abolitionists to effect
 the freedom of the slave.
 That Abolitionism drives “some into schism
 and others into infidelity is an unfounded
 charge. Every one knows it was slaveery
 jin the church that caused the schism. Had
 I that been removed, the Free Presbyterian
 would not have come out. And that Aboli
 tionism drives “others into infidelity” is e
 j quaily as unfounded. Men, in whose bosoms
 j the* fire of humanity still burns, sec thous
 ands and thousands of slaveholders in the
 j church, and hear church members trying to
 j prove that the Bible sanctions slavery, and
 conclude (bad logic however) that the Bible
 is not of God. Slavery sud its apologists
 i drive into infidelity.”— New Concord fiVer
 Prtss.
 j Land Monopoly.— lt is a great carse to
 the Western Reserve that thousands upon
 thousands of acres ofthe best land are own
 ed by non-residing nabobs, who get them for
 almost nothing and now ask twtf prices for
 them. These lands have been enhanced in
 j value by contiguous settlements and improve
 ments, as roads, rneeting-bousea.school-hous
 es, and good neighborhoods, at the same time
 that they have stood in the way of improve
 ment. It is safe to say that all other impe
 diments met with in the settlement of this
 country have not equalled that of landa be
 longing to non-residents. Had the prin
 ciple of Land Limitation been made effective
 at the time ofthe adoption ofthe Federal
 Constitution, who does not see that it would
 have resulted in unmistakable blessings to our
 country?
 The thousands of acres of wilderness, of
 which our country furnishes an example,
 would have been converted, into pleasant
 homes for Freemen. Yea, the cause of pu#e
 J and high reaching Democracy would have
 1 been greatly benefited thereby.
 Who doubts the propriety—nay the neoee
 rf ity—of Land Limitation? If any then they
 are those who hope to build up fortunes by
 speculating in Soil which is only known to
 them by the description in tbeir title deeds, or
 those who having eyes see not, aad haring
 abilities for judgiog judge not.
 The question is soon to be agitated to ao
 extent little dreamed of by land speculators
 and monopoTsts, and it will result in the tri
 umph of limitation. Our country at large de
 mand this result, and the interests of Ihery in
 dividual except our landed lords, demand it
 also. We go for it first, last and forever.—
 Cleveland True Democrat.
 Th* W ILMINSTON KIDMAPPIVe CASK.—
 This case has been decided; the man-thieves
 are foiled and i heir ptey baa escaped. The
 ease came up before Judge Milligan on Fri
 da? rooming, the fifth alt., on the wnt of
 habeas eorpes, having been postponed from
 ike fifth ult. la the mean ume, through the
 aeuve siemens of the fneods of freedom,
 most eansfaetory evidence had been obtained
 that Ase Brown was legally free Dsfiwe
 the tnal came ee, the kidnappers, fiadiagtbey
 had little hope of gaming the case. ***rnasi
 ed to sell the woman to her friends far ear
 hundred dollars. Thu was promptly refused,
 j “Not a dollar—not a cent will we pay yoe,”
 was the noble rephr of Thomas Garret to
 Fountain’s urgent soliatariou fur a oomwo
 ease. Ftndiag they had determaed men to
d«l with, and fearing for thcnwwii
 tk» whole robber gtwf Wfft fw yiryhai be
 fora lira trial cum on, awl
 claimant appeared to eoutt. Tkßjadgp ktjrc
 the testimony in her behalf *o4 tforiara4 hei
 a /rtf woman, remarking at the mate time
 that be should have discharged bar aftthout
 aey evidence, on account of the illegality ol
 the commitamat, even had the claimants ap
 peared. Thin ta theaecood time an attempt
 baa been made by the Maaaeya to reduce thu
 woman to alavery, the fits* being to tbta city
 aeveral years since, when they were defeat
 ed in court, and narrowly escaped an arrest
 for perjury for tbeir false swearing. At thta
 time, they doubtless eapected to take her by
 force,net counting m the interference of brn
 brother. We understand that the in famous
 McCreary, the bead kidnapper in the ab
 duction of Thomas Mitcbali, was actively en
 gaged in this ease.
 It is but justice to add, that much credit
 was doe to ibe Acting Committee of the Old
 Abolition Society for tbeir active aid in se
 curing evidence and counsel in be hall of the
 accused; and also that they are ever ready
 to render pecuniary or personal aid, ot advice
 in such cases.— Ptnn. Freeman.
 Row away Ncoaoss. —The three negroes
 who ran away from tbeir owners, on Sunday
 night, J. Young. S. J. Young, and J. G.
 Guthrie, at West Point, wete overtaken sad
 captured by Mr. Guthrie and two other per
 sons, on Monday night, about 11 o'clock, at
 the first toll gate on the Sait River road.
 When the negroes were surrounded and re
 quired to surrender two of them immediately
 did so. The feird—Tom, took the doubled
 barelled shotgun which was in the hands of
 one of his companions, from him, called upon
 them to stand, swearing at the samp time that
 he would never be taken alive, cocked, and
 commenced raising the gun. At this moment
 one of the white men discharged a double
 barrelled fowling piece, loaded with buck-shot
 at him. Oue of the shot took effect in the
 upper jaw, fracturing it throughout its who le
 extent, and afterwards passing upward and
 backward in the direction of the ear, where
 else it could not be traced. His recovery is
 doubtful. Louisville Jour.
 Kidkappino Case.— A charge of kidnap
 ping, preferred against a Tenneseean and
 two Ohioans, was tried in its incipient stage
 in this place, the past week, which excited
 some interest. The point examined was,
 whether the parties should be committed for
 trial at our next common Pleas on the charge
 of attempting to kidnap a colored girl in
 Whiteoak township, in that county. It was
 alleged on trial that the girl in question had
 been sent by the Tennessee detendent to Ohio
 the last summer,beir.g his slave in Tennesee.
 He, in company with two Ohioans, attempted
 to take her back to slavery, for w hich they
 were arrested. The trial continued two
 days and a half, before Justice Keys, and the
 question of commitment was sustained. The
 parties were held to bail, to appear at the*
 next jerm of our Court, in the sum of five
 hundred dollars each. Hillsborough Ohio)
 j Chronicle.
THE NORTH STAR.
ROCHESTER. OCTOBER 12. 1849.
Editorial Correspondence.
 Lockport, Oct., Bth, 1849.
 We have just completed the last Fair in
 the series it was held on Friday, and Satur
 day, Oct. sth, and 6th, and may be set down
 as the most successful of the number—the
 gross receipts amounting to one hundred and
 forty dollars.
 Considering that there were one or two
 drawbacks, this sum is large. There had
 just been held quite a popular fair in the
 Lutheran Church, in ets own behalf, and the
 public of course, felt less interest in ours than
 would have been the case under other circum
 stances. The weather too, was unpropitious,
 cold, and rainy, so much so as to make it
 difficult for ladies to attend.
 We however are highly gratified by the re
 sult. Besides the pecuniary advantage ari
 sing from the fair, we think that much good
 was done by bringing the subject of slavery
 prominently before the community, and active
 ly enlisting the energies of a number of per
 sons in practical efforts for advancing the An
 ti-Slavery cause. There are in every town
 a number of persons who feel more or less
 deeply, the necessity of doing something to
 wards abolishing slavery, but whose energies
 lie dormant solely for the want of some per
 son to lead, and mark out the way.
 They need something iu the way of fairs and
 sewing circles, upon which to bestow their
 attention, activity, and skill.
 We would respectfully suggest to the La
 dies of Lockport the desirableness of forming
 among themselves an Anti-Slavery Sewing
 Circle; such an organization while it would
 do much towards furnishing the sinews of
 our Anti-Slavery warfare, would also keep
 alive the interest in the subject already exci
 ted. Will some lady in Lockport lead
 the way in this benevolent work*
 Previous to the fair, we had the pleasure
 of addressing a large and respectable audience
 ■in the Congiegational Church, a most com
 modious building, which was very kindly and
 readily granted for our use. It always gives
 us pleasure to record a fact of this kind,
 i The Pro-Slavery press and public frequent
 ly charge us with a studied inattention to the
 good deeds of the chnrch, and the constant
 e *af fetation of its ahortcomings. The charge
 unfounded, —we hail with delight the slight
 est indication of liberality from that quarter.
 Our controversy with the American Chuich
 and 1 Clergy ends just w here their Anti-Sla
 very action begins let them make slavery a
 disciplinary offence, —let them exclude slave
 holders from their communion,—kt them de
 ny vue sacred name of Christian to slivehoid
 cis, —let them declare slavery to be what it
 is, s monstrous and deadly sin against God,
 fraught with the most horrible consequences
 *o both slaves and slave-holders,—and let
 them, in the spirit of ihe prophets and apo«-
 tles Merely denounce the colossal iniquity,
 *®d do all in their power for its removal from
 the length and breadth of the land and none
 would be more ready to bestow the rueed of
 pnuse upon such a church and clergy than
 ws. So far from desiring to conce:! all knovtk
 of the. good deeds of the church, we re
 joi ce to be able to publish to the world any
 action on her part that evinces the smallest
 sympathy for the down-trodden bondman, and
 the slightest disposition to do something for
 his release.
 We are to hold another meeting m the Cuo.
 grsgstional Church tomorrow evening, when
 s large andieoee will doubtless be jm Mian
 dance.
 Our Fair u Lockport, as well as ear most
 ‘Of, has received most favorable notice by the
 of that place; especially the Daily
 Conrier."
 Among the number of thane who extended
 «n ne a cordial welcome, and who united with
 ne in gneetoue eo-opesntioo, we would sspe
natty imnijdii tte bum ooi Ly&gt;
 mb A. SpaMiaf aad fiMtij, DuM Bartis,
 tad family, Mrs. WidM,
 .U of whom ws feel iß*»b*ad (oa behalf of
 (Ike eaose,) fur tbe sMeem sWendinf the fair.
 Hwrrog mid so mack of (he sgreesble, coo
 nected with oar v«t to Lookport, wo may,
 ■ay a few words opocerainf soma things not
 altogether so pleasiaf
 The mountain ddhcalty in tbe way of the
 Anti-slaverv movement, which ia known as
 color madness, met us oo the threshold, and
 for a time rendered it doubtful whether or not
 we should find shelter. On our arrival, we
 called at the Americas Hotel/’ ia the hope
 of obtaining accommodation there, but were
 infsrmed that the Court of Supervisors was in
 session and that its members occupied tbe
 whole house. We hare every reason now to
 believe this was true, though our frequent ex
 perience of being excluded from Hotels indu*
 ced at first the suspicion that this was but a
 mere subterfuge. We next called at the
 Lockport House,” but could not induce the
 keeper to take any notice of us. Thence we
 went to the Eagle Hotel,” from which we
 were spurned iu a most vulgar and insulting
 manner by*the contemptible creature who pre
 sumed to be the master. We next tried our
 fortunes at a small Hotel near the Eagle,
 the unpretending proprietor of which wel
 comed us kindly, and would undoubtedly
 have paid us every attention in his power, had
 we remained under his roof. But as soon as
 our kind friend Mr. Spalding, ascertained our
 whereabouts, he extended to us, to Mr*.
 Post, and to tbe Misses Griffiths, a warm
 and hearty invitation to make his house our
 home, so long as we remained in Lockport
 and on our accepting his generous offer, he
 promptly sent his servant and carriage to
 convey us to his hospitablegmansion,where we
 noware. Oh! how delightful it is to meet
 ever and anon, in this howling Pro-slavery
 wilderness, a resting place where we are
 neither shocked by vulgarity, nor chilled by
 patronizing condescension. Our anti-slavery
 life would be hard indeed, but that our lot is
 sometimes cast in pleasant places in this re
 spect. Nothing can be more distasteful to us
 than to receive the hospitality of one who
 makes a merit of granting it, and who takes
 pains to assure us that he is sacrificing public
 esteem by giving us entertainment. We are
 aware, however, that this is in many cases, a
 sin of ignorance, and we can therefore excuse
 it, but such persons tuust 4 not be surprised it
 they find us maintaining a respectful distance,
 and avoiding rather than seeking a second
 visit. It is heedless to say that the hause oi
 our excellent friend Mr. Spalding, it not oi
 this class. We have never been made more
 completely at home than under his roof, and
 among the members of his dear family.
 Our readers must not be dissatisfied with
 continued absence from our editorial chaii.
 Tins absence is quite as inconvenient to us aa
 it may be unsatisfactory to them. We find
 it absolutely necessary to travel and lecture in
 order to extend the circulation of the North
 Star,” and otherwise advance the cause.
 If our readers would have us more at oui
 post, they have only to exert themselves in
 order to secure a sufficient number of sub
 scribers to support the paper, and we shall
 joyfully confine our energies to our editorial
 duties.
 Our readers must not expect us to make
 bricks without straw. It is impossible to
 produce a first rate paper from week to week
 while travelling every day and lecturing every
 night. Reduced to this necessity we shall do
 the best we can, Angels could do no
 more.”— r. D.
Colored Convention in Connecticut.
 A Convention of the Colored men of Con*
 eecticut was held »t New Haven, on the 12th
 and 13th ult. The proceedings, as we find
 i them in the teport published by the Conven
 tion, seem to have been characterised by
 much harmony, and to have been conducted
 with becoming dignity. Jrhiil C. Bsmam
 presided. S. M. AraicANue, J. Emsrt
 Burr, and L. Cartbb Behan acted as
 Seretaiies. A Committee was appointed to
 prepare an Address to the voters ef the State,
 1 in behalf of the colored people whieh Ad
 dress is published in pamphlet, with the pro
 ceedings. It will probably appear in an early
 number of the North Star. After mature
 discussion on each, the following resolution#
 were adopted:
 I. Resolved, That we regard the right of
 the Elective'Franchise as one of the most
 valuable and sacred rights of man. and at
 once the glory and the shield of civil Gov
 ernment.
 3. Resolved, That to deprive any class of
 men of this invaluable and inalienable right,
 and for a pretext release their property from
 a State Tax, when at the earae time they
 must beai their part of the expenses of the
 j general Government, is not to be considered
 j as a favor but is rather s measure calculated
 to fix upon them more deeply the mark of
 political degradation.
 3. Resolved, That the Constitutional dis
 ability under which colored men labor in the
 State of Connecticut, being founded upon,
 that color with which the Almighty Creator
 has clothed them, is impious before Heaven—
 unjust and cruel to those effected by it—ab
 bot rent to the religion of Jesus Christ—iu
 suiting to humanity—x dishonor to the State,
 and an obstacle in the way nf that spirit oi
 Freedom which is abroad in the earth, strug
 gling to redeem man the world over, and
 should therefore be speedily removed.
 4. Resolved, That we believe that the day
 has now come, when the people of our be
 loved Stale of Connecticut should remove ibis
 blot from her Constitution, sod proudly and
 uobiy take her place with that of every other
 State in New England, in giving to all tbeir
 eitixens the right of Suffrage.
 5. Resolved, That we pledge ourselves to
 each other, u&gt; use all honorable means to in
 duce the good people of ibis Stste to arise
 in their moral strength, sad in the majesty of
 their political dignity, and remove from the
 Stale's escutcheon that blot which now identi
 fies her with the spirit of political tytanny.
 6. Resolved, That we rejoice in the efforts
 sod progress which our brethren have made
 and are to procure property, especial#
 ly land, in this sad various other States, and
 Qua we regard this as one of the signs of the
 com i of of tiatdey, when, as e people, we
 shall hold in emioeoi and dignified position
 in Society.
 T. Resolved, That we are eoeoeraged by
 the partial success whieh has crowned the
 eflbna ef ear bcethrsa sad the friends of free
 dom, without distinction of party in Ohio, sod
 congratulate her eitocos sed the world on the
 repeal of her “Black Law*,” and hope the
 day will speedily come when the Statute
 Books of every State in the Colon shall be
 purified fiom all eejeet aed oppressive Lews,
 Resolved, That oar interests are the
 same as these ef our brethren to bauds, aad
 that white we aygsthtao with them is their
 deeper aflmhoes, we will, to show that we
 “tccnanaher thma as hound with t^om iltn
 ■euwe wwue WnT
aateaiMl favwe vntaons aaeree of condaet,
 that our example may have a tendency u
 hasten the day of oar own elevation and then
 emantiptlion.
 9. Rewired, That we request rrery Minis
 ter of the Gospel to preach at least once lr
 every three months, upon the important sub
 ject of total abstinence I root the uae of all
 intoxicating liquors and thus exert a living
 influence agatnat the direful evils of Intern'
 per acre.
 10. Resolved, That we recommend to all
 an earnest and zealous interest in the educa
 tion of theii children, and that they use their
 beet endeavors t# givr them a thorough men
 tal and moral training, and then introduce
 them into the mechanic arts, and ibus prepare
 them 10 develop and sustain a virtuous and
 honorable station in Society.
 11 Resolved, As there appears to be s
 crisis m our condition as a people, it u&gt; our
 duty to regard carefully the position of those
 who, in this cause, identify themselves wnh
 un; and those among us, who deny ihtir
 identity with us, should be looked upon in
 the light of tones and enemies to the social
 and universal freedom of man.
 12. Resolved, That notwithstanding we
 are deprived of the right of the Elective
 Franchise, and deprived of the privileges ot
 citizenship, we will use our utmost omleavora
 to cultivate the principles ol a pure morality
 and high intellectual attainments, aud by in
 dustry and economy gain property.
 19. Resolved, That this Convention deem
 it advisable and expedient to present the
 claims of the colored citizens of Connecticut
 to equal rights to the body of the people by
 the means of Lecturers. Discussed hy
 Messrs. Spellman, and W est, and
 adopted.
 14. Resolved, That those Lecturers should
 be colored men of intelligence and ability,
 residents in this State, and should be sustain
 ed by our contributions; adopted.
 15. Resolved, That the Central State Com
 mittee be, and are hereby instructed to per
 fect this plan of effort, anil employ a sufficient
 number of men properly qualified, and appor
 tion the expense among the Districts repre
 sented in this Convention.
 Doings in South Carolina.
 The hair-brained fools of South Calhounia
 are at their work again. The Post Office
 seems destined to keep up an everlasting fe
 ver in that region of slaves and patriotism.
 In the Charleston Mercuty, appears an ac
 count of one of the most arbitrary and illegal
 proceedings which the history of modern
 times can furnish. The tyrannical acts of
 Russia have given occasion for much railing
 so have those of Austria, Algiers, Turkov,
 Japan, Isc., but the tyranny of these coun
 tries, must henceforth cease to be regarded
 as at all to be compared with the unmitigated
 despotism of South Carolina. The Mercury
 besides, is apparently unconscious that there
 is anything disreputable in such proceed
 ings
 More Abolitioism. —By the following
 letter from an esteemed correspondent, ii
 will be perceived that the Abolitionists are
 still active in their incendiary efforts
 Pendleton, Sept. 16, 1849.
 Gentlemen By the mail of Friday, there
 were received at this place a number of cop
 ies of an Abolition circular, directed to the
 members of the Committee of Vigilance
 The Executive committee of that body, on
 the following day, demanded the letters ol
 the postmaster. On his refusal to deliver
 them, they entered his office, and took them
 by force. This oase presents a new feature
 of an important matter, which is deeply agi
 tating the public mind. Among the reforms
 which our enemies propose to accomplish in
 this State, it will not escape your notice that
 the election of President of the United States
 occupies a prominent position.
 It need scarcely be remarked, that the war
 which the fanatics of the Noith are so perso
 veringly waging against the peace and secu
 rity of the South, cannot be much longer
 carried on only by one party. An offensive
 attitude by the other it will be impossible to
 restrain the people very shortly from as
 suming.
 Respectfully yours, S.”
 We should like to know how long the gen
 eral government means to submit to such
 indignity. What is particularly remarkable
 about this case is. that the incendiary docu
 ment which has caused the disturbance, says
 not a word about slavery, but is simply an
 exposure of the working of the constitution
 of South Carolina, and the unequal represen
 tation among the white population.
 By all means, let that little nest of hornets
 lake themselves off, and fiud a post office
 that will answer the purpose of keeping them
 in that deep and everlasting darkness which
 they seem so much to covet. Decent men
 who have no evil deeds to hide or to be a
 shained of, would then give them a wide
 berth, and allow them to stumble along by
 themselves, the short but rough road to per
 dition which they seem to have chosen.
 The case of Dr. Brisbane, a Baptist minis
 ter of South Carolina, who among other
 things was accused of praying that univer
 sal liberty may prevail and for that, and hia
 opinions against slavery, was harried out of
 the State under threats of tar and feathers,
 is another striking illustration of the barbar
 ous state of feeling in South Carolina.
 These violent measures resorted to by the j
 slaveraongersmay be regarded as evidence that
 they see their weakness and the untenabieness
 of their position. The mao who has truth on
 his side never attempts to smother discussion.
 Tne more his views are talked about _ and ar-
 gued upon, the more apparent does their
 truthfulness become. Not so with tyrants
 and evil-doers. They hate the light. They
 dare not eome to the light. They know they
 are in the wrong, and they will try every
 means in their power to keep their dark deeds 1
 aud darker doctrines huddled away and bid-
 deu. But it will not do. Even into the
 murky regions of South Carolina, the light oi'i
 troth will ere long penetrate. Slaveiyise-i
 ten now acknowledged on all hands, to be an
 unnatural condition and productive of evil'
 not leas to the master than to the slave.
 When printed, even slaveholders are foiced
 to make this confession, though they are
 slow to act upon it, so slow indeed, that it
 may well be doubted whether they are real
 ly convinced of its truth. There must be
 few however, who bold the doctrme of per
 petualism. It is so clearly abeurd, and its
 absurdity is every day becoming so much'
 more apparent even to the prejudiced under-1
 fundings of tbe haughty and self sufficient t
 chivalry, that there is reason to hope the
 high-priest of slavery will ere long be left
 alone to worship in the temple of Baal amid
 neglected faaea, and despised ceremonials.
 Bet in the meantime, slavery m rampant,
 it te fighting a last and desperate battle. It
 ie driven te fanous measures of selMefencs.
 that •will do mere to work its overthrow
 than yea* of long and patient argument.
 Dr. Brisbane has recently pnbhahed a let
 ter on the subject of has expaJmou from the
 State, m the Ctaeaaiu Glebe. It *a«ieai
tod simple stateibem of facte, and will fcw
 f*sd with interest. Ae extract is
 below.—j. o.
 “If is well known in this community thst
 I bate good reason for desiring to see South
 Carolina deliveted from the despotism which
 i» now grinding her to powder. I have my.
 self suffered enough to know that the white
 citizens of that State are subjects of opprea
 sion not mueh less galling then their “blacks”
 endure. It is but eighteen months sgo, that
 I went there to vmt my numerous relative*
 and friends who lote and respect me and
 whilst tnv wife, infant and self were en
 joying then company &lt;nd receiving iheir bos
 j pita lilies and afffctionste attentions, a conspi
 racy was seertely forming among e ei&gt;e
 entes ot liberty, and the riotously disposed, to
 make an assault upon roe. and on a cold win
 ter’s night, with my wife and child both sick
 we had to leave the warm fire-side of our
 friends, and for their, as well as our own
 safety, hasten forty or fifty miles bv private
 conveyance, through forests antTswamps to
 tho railroad depot, and leave the State. Not
 knowing we had left, a packed meeting* of
 citizens was held for the purpose of taking
 proceedings against me. FortunaieJv, two
 or three of the friends of order heard of ih»
 meeting in time to uke part in the discu*
 sioris, and by opposing their violent demon
 strations to nndify somewhat their course of
 aetion, But they appointed a committee to
 wait upon me and warn me to leave the State
 And for what was this done’ They knew
 well knew that 1 was not a man to engage is
 schemes of servile insurrection. They knew
 that I had always borne the character, when
 I lived among them, of being an honest and
 an honorable men.—They knew me aa oris
 who hid tried to be a faithful minister of ths
 gospel among them. They knew, too, thst
 the chinch in their neighborhood, of which
 was foimeriy the pastor, had still such confi
 dence in tm'uitegrity and Christian character
 notwithstanding my well known opinions on
 the subject of shivery, as to have had me bv
 invitation to preach in their pulpit but a few
 days before. They knew that thus* who
 were paying me friendly attention were them
 selves slaveholders, and as deeply interested
 as any others, in the consequence of mv ptes
 ence in the State, and therlore, if they could
 have confidence in me, others might. All
 these things they knew. Why, then, did
 they 9et upon me* It was for nu other rea
 j son than that I had opinions adverse to sla
 veay, and had emancipated my slaves.”
 Liberty in Europe.—Orm of our very
 clear sighted co-temporaries has an article
 under this, head, in the course of which the
 writer waxes warm, and comes to the conclu
 sion that something ought to be done for
 Europe. What that something is, he does
 not condescend to say. Perhaps he does not
 e *actly know. The idea is contained in the
 following sentence:
 “A movement should he started at once tti
 this country for the disenthralmem of the
 enslaved millions of Europe. Where is the
 man who may trace relationship to Bunker
 Hill or Lexington, that doesn’t burn with a
 desire to aid the noble men who are strug
 gling for their tights in the old world
 Very £ood, and very rational, no doubt,
 after the scheme lias been fully explained to
 the relations of Bunker Hill and Lexington,
 it might puzzle a philosopher to find out what
 is ment by tracing relationship to Bunker
 Hill. W'e suppose, however, that In the ex
 pression there is a poetical ellipsis, pnd the
 writer means to he understood to refer to the
 men who (ought at Bunker Hill and Lexing-
 I ton. Now, may we not be allowed to hint,
 that it is a very spurious kind of sympathy
 with the enslaved, that travels off some four
 I thousand miles for an object, when there ire
 “enslaved milliona” at home on whom it migh
 be expended with great advantage “Charity
 begins at home more especially is this the
 case, when the charity is more than ueually
 required. To whom are out three millions
 of slaves to look for deliverance if we neglect
 them Let us boast about our republicanism
 as we may, it is quite beyond dispute that
 there is no slavery in Eurape— scarcely any
 where else—to be compared in diabolical atro
 city with the slavery of these United States.
 This writer, and many others of the same
 genus, would do well to frequently utter the
 prayer of tne Scottish poet:
 wad some Power the giftie gieus.
 To see oureel’a as others see us’”— j. o.
 Anti-Slavery Fair in Philadelphia.—
 The committee of the Philadelphia Female
 Anti-Slavery Society have assured a Notice
 ot the approach of their Fourteenth Anti-
 Slavery Fair. The notice says:
 I he ruturn of the season for our sale prompts
 ns to send forth the word of remembrance t*&gt;
 our fellow-laborers in this department of Anti-
 Slavery woik. The success of past years
 should cheer and incite us to vigorous effort
 for the present year.
 So fully have the various Circles through
 out our hounds, identified themselves with u»
 in this work, and so much of experience have
 the past years given us and them, that all
 which we consider now necessary to be done
 is to revert to the necessity of continued ef
 fort on the part of all who feel that to them
 must not come the folding of the hands, nor
 the rejxise of him whose labor is accomplish
 ed. while the slave is driven by the merciless
 task master, and our brother continues weary
 and heavy laden.
 AA ould earnestly invite the co-operation ot
 all those who sympathize with the slave,
 andfevould help to overthrow' a system at war
 with all the dearest rights of humanity, and
 the most holy relations of life.
 Literary Property.—Ths Journal du
 Havre, of July 25 says “There is talk of a
 treaty between France and the United States
 of America, respecting literary property.
 The primary negotiations on the subject have
 already been entered upon, by the Minister of
 France, at Washington.’’
 The wish for treaties of this kind, on tho
 part of France and England, and perhaps of
 Germany, will probably be increasingly (pit
 in view uf tho vastness of our reading* commu
 nity but whether the wish will ever be met
 by u* is doubtful. —Journal of Commtrct
 Enchanted Canary Birds.—We haven t
 heard a prettier piece of pathos in a long tune
 than tb«; burning of the great aviary at the
 fire in Wdhameburgh en Saturday evening
 Tho aviary contained eight hundred Canary
 Birds, and aa last as they were set free they
 darted straight into the au, but, fascinated by
 the glate of the Saiuea, hovered above them
 and one by one drooped into and were con
 sumed by them. The appearance of these
 golden-winged creatures, tneir pele plumage
 lighted up by the intense glare of the red
 fames, pot»«d motionless above the confiag*
 uon, or darting awiftly-fike thought, to tb«
 fata endeavor to escape the spell that must
 destroy them, was full of poetic interest, as
 well aa a tbnihng sadness. In the divine
 language of Swedenborg, birds correspond to
 thoughts, and the grand resenibleoce* which
 suggest themselves immediately, gt*« strong
 coloring of rationality to this beautiful arilo
 gy. As we taw these birds wheeling about
 the vast sea ot burning air that lay beneath
 or lyiug helpless and palpitatmg upon an sur
 fa&lt;*e, we thought of the mjrnods of blight
 human intellects which. euugU &lt;n the vuffo
 eaung atmosphere and dazzled by the burning
 fames of paaatoo, gleam for an instant in
 the land light, end dan downward te gaiec
 2b*iw.
