Extracts
 tk* Repr* of Proeetdmfi of tk* °**g -V&lt;w
 m%H IVimr*’# Conrtntton men by tk* ,tnT&gt;-
 Smvery Bufll.
 In pursuance of a cal! issued by direction
 of the Executive Committee of the Western
 Anti-Slavery Society, a Convention of the
 Anti-Slavery Young Men and Women of
 Ohio was held in Berlin. Mahoning County,
 commencing on Friday, Sept. 5215 t., at 52
 o’clock', r. m., in the Great Tent, which was
 spread for the occasion on the premises of
 Adnah Silver.
 The Convention having been called to order
 by the Chairman of the Committee of Ar.
 rangetn&amp;ilt, Oliver Johnson was appointed
 President pro tern., and James Barnaby and
 Rachel w. Thomas were elected Secreta*
 nes pro tem.
 RESOLUTIONS.
 Whereas, The perpetuity and extension
 of the Slave system in ihe United States have
 been and still are the highest considerations
 of the Federal Government; and
 W here as. To accomplish these purposes,
 many millions of dollars have been extorted
 from the North and expended upon lauds foi
 Slave States, oi in the butchery and banish
 ment of thousands of Indians from theii
 homes, that their soil, too, might he plunder
 ed for the same unhallowed design and
 Whereas, This nation, in all its political
 parties, and in all Ihe leading denominations
 of religion, has sanctioned and sanctified these
 tearful attrocities, by accepting the spoils and
 extending over them the bloody shield of the
 American Constitution; am!
 Whereas, The political parties are all
 united in theirstern determination to maintain
 this blood-stained and blood-cemented Union
 with tyrants and man-stealers, howevei
 bounded,” or wherever Slavery may be ex
 tended and
 Whereas, The religious bodies and influ
 ences of the nation are equally true in their
 loyalty and allegiance to this Confederacy, so
 foul with many abominations; therefore,
 Resolved. Ist, That we, the Young Men
 and Women of Ohio and elsewhere, in Con
 vention assembled, deeply and solemnly im
 pressed by the fearful degeneracy, the alarm
 ing disregard o‘ jusiicc, the entire prostration
 of national conscience under which such evils
 have been perpetrated, arid earnestly desirous
 to save ourselves from the burdens of taxa
 tion, ignominy and guilt under which the
 Northern States have so long suffered as a
 consequence of their unholy alliance with
 Slavery and the South, we do now, in the
 presence of our God, here build an altar tc
 Justice, Liberty and Humanity; and on
 this altar we consecrate ourselves to the great
 work of elevating Universal Man to the full
 enjoyment of all the lights lor which his na
 ture and constitution were formed firmly re
 solved that in tins work we will never tire un
 til victory shall crown our labors or death re
 lease us fiom them.
 And Resolved, 2d. That since our govern
 ment has become thus destructive of the ends
 of Liberty, an engine of torture and slavery
 to millions, compelling the entire people to he
 father slaveholders nr slaves it lias become our
 right and duty not to alter but to abolish it,
 and to institute a new’ government, laying its
 foundations on such principles, and organizing
 its powers in such form, as shall seem most
 likely to secure a fu 1 equality of the blessings
 of Life, Liberty and the pursuit of Happi
 ness and with full confidence in the integri
 ty of our purpose and ihe justice of our
 cause, we do hereby declare ourselves
 the enemies of the Constitution, Union
 ano Government of these United .States,
 and the friends ot a New Confederacy of
 Northern States, where there shall be No
 Union with ivliere there
 shall ever be FREE SOIL, FREE LAROR
 AND FREH MEN. And from this great
 and glorious Convention, we proclaim it as
 our unalterable purpose aad determination to
 live and to labor for a Dissolution of the
 present Union, by all lawful and just.
 though bloodless and pacific means, and
 for the formation of a New, Northern Re
 public, that shall he such not in name only,
 hut in full, living reality and truth.
 And we do hereby invite and .-treat all the
 young people of Ohio, and the friends of
 Justice, Humanity, and t ue Liberty in all
 the States, to unite ith us in iaboimgfor so
 glorious and holy an object.
 £nd Resolved, 3d, That this Preamble and
 these resolutions be signed by the officers of
 this Convention, and forwarded, under the di
 rection of a Committee for that purpose, to
 such of the principal Editors of public Jour
 nals, Members of Congress, and other officers
 in the Government, and to such other persons
 as shall be deemed proper in even/ part of the
 Union.
 11. Whereas, it is professedly a funda
 mental principle m ibis Republic that the
 government shall he of the majority and
 Whereas, Each voter unites in himself as
 a supreme sovereign, all the Legislative, Ju
 dicial and Executive power, holding his elect
 ed or appointed agents hound to administer
 the government m accordance with his views
 and not their ow n and
 Whereas, The IT.l T S. Constitution is the
 book of instructi ns from the voter, by which
 his agents are to be governed in all their offi
 cial conduct; and
 hehkas, W hatover outrages are perpe
 trated under ihe authority and protection of
 the government, are perpetrated by the indi
 vidual voters therefore
 Resolved, That all the Rapes, Robberies
 and Murders mtl cted upon the 3,000,000 ot
 unprotected slaves, under the authority and
 detenee of the government, are inflicied by
 each and every individual voter; and he
 should be held as much responsible at the bar
 of justice and humanity, as if he himself had
 ■personally commuted these w rongs upon the
 most eminent white citizens, male or female,
 who enjoy the full protection of the countrv.
 111. Resolved, That higs, Democrats,
 Free Sutlers, and all voters under the l ,S.
 Constitution, must necessarily pledge them
 selves to their slaveholdiiig confederates, and
 to one another—
 U That they will sustain the right to hold
 property in man, by allowing slaveholders to
 have political power in proportion to the num
 ber ot their slaves.
 1 fiat they will never secrete nor defend
 the runaway slave from ins master.
 3. 1 hat they fail defend the oppressor
 against ihe oppressed, the spoiler against the
 spoiled, the lavisher against the victim.
 4. 1 hat they will never even their polili
 cal power to abolish Slavery in the States.
 5. I hat they wid hold every slave respon
 sible to their government, while they allow
 them no protection either m ifieir rights or
 persons.
 6. That they will sanction and defend vio
 lations of the rights of Properly, Liberty and
 Life by slaveholders, which thev wdi punish
 with Ihe dungern or with death when cum
 in tied by non-slaveholders.
 7. 1 hat they wdi regaid as crimes wotihv
 of death in slave*, which in their owucra they
 honor and applaud a* the high tt virtues.
 8 That while the testimony of the slave
 shall never be admitted against his master,
 they will give full credence io the testimony
 of the master against the slave.
 9. That they sanction and will help exe
 cute every slave law in every slave State.
 10. That there is not and never shall be
 one spot of Free Soil'' on which the slave
 may stand secare against the claim of his
 master.
 IV. Tins Convention is full of joy at tiw
 tltdinsng state of Amtrsean religion, as seer
 in the absence of Revivals, me drooping con
 diuun of all the popular Churches, and the ut
 ter extinction of many of than the small
 number ot candidate* lor the ministry at the
 Theolog 'al seminaries, and the frequency
 with which minister* escape from sect a nan
 pulpit* into tar less mischievous arid Or mors
 honest sod laudable occupations. And wt
 cannot but hope and pray that, am its terrible
 sacrament* on the heart*, ifie hopes aud hap
 pines* of millions of sLves, whose enslave
 ment tt baa so lung sanctioned by its IcUew
 i
ship, its sermons sod prayers, stall end, sod
 it sbsll sink to a speedy sad ignominious
 glare, that then H stall be Mlowed by the
 coming of the kingdom of righteousness and
 peace, when man shall do more lid tip the
 sword or the shackle against hn fellow rosn,
 when a slave or a slaveholder shall be no
 more known, bat when, emphatically, Ev
 ery man in cvety face shall moet a brother
 and a friend.’*
 V. Resolved, That while it must be re
 corded, to the disgrace of the town of Berlin,
 that it ta the only place in the Free States m
 which a faithful advocate of the slave’s cause
 has, encountered the martyrdom of a coat of
 tar aud feathers, so also will it be recorded to
 its honor, that it was the place in which was
 held in peace and quietness the first great
 Convention of the Anti-Slavery Yoong Meo
 and Women of Ohio and that tn view of the
 great change of public opinion indicated by
 these facts, we are encouraged to persevere
 in our efforts for the regeneration and disen
 thralment of the whole land from (be entries
 and pollutions of Slavery.
 VI. Resolved That we unitedly express
 our gratitude to God, that out brother Mari
 us R. Robinson, who so nobly endured the
 martyrdom before alluded to, is this day with
 us not only in spirit but in person, and ready
 to endnre with us the labors and the perils by
 which alone the chains of the Slave can he
 broken.
 VII. Resolved, That, next to the living
 speaker, the Press is the most potent instru
 mentality for the promotion of a moral and
 philanthropic enterprise; that without this
 agency it is vain to expect that the public
 mind can be enlightened in regaid to the evils
 of Slavery, and the people aroused to a sense
 of their duties to the bondman and that this
 Convention heartily commends The Anti-
 Slavery Bugle to the support of the Aboli
 tionists of Ohio and the West, and would
 urge it upon them as a duty to adopt the most
 vigorous measures for extending its circula
 tion.
 VIII. Wheeras, The American Anti-
 Slavery Society ha* authorized its General
 Agent for the region west of the Alleghanies
 to collect from all its friends One Dollar each,
 to be expended in the West; and
 Whereas, The friends of the Society in
 the East, when applied to, have generally re
 sponded to the call; and
 Whereas, It is of the utmost importance
 to our cause to keep as many agencies in the
 field as possible, not only in this State and
 Western Pennsylvania, but, if the means car
 be supplied, to extend our operations intc
 Michigan and Northern Indiana therefore
 Resolved, That we will not permit ourselvei
 to be exceeded in devotion to the cause by
 those living at a distance from the field of op
 erations, but will cheerfully respond to the
 call npon us; and we urge every Abolition
 ist in the West to contribute, if in his power
 at least One Dollar for this purpose.
 IX. Resolved That while we do not re
 gaid the unavoidable use of slave-grown pro
 duce as a violation of principle, we neveithe
 less believe that our decided preference shoulc
 be given to the products of free labor when
 ever and wherever practicable; and that tc
 refuse to do so, under such circumstances
 doee, in our opinion, countenance and sustair
 the slave power.
 X. Resolved That the unfeigned thanks
 of this Convention be given to those friends
 in Berlin, whose generous and abundant bos
 pitalities have done so much to make this oc
 casion one never to be forgotten and while
 we go on our way rejoicing at the glorioui
 prospect before us, we leave with them oui
 heartfelt wishes that their constant and unva
 ned kindness and attention to us may in m
 wise lose a full reward.
THE NORTH STAR.
ROCHESTER, OCTOBER 19, 1849.
Another Rivet in the Fetter of the
 Slave.
 It has long been the custom in Russia fur
 the owners of seifs to allow the latter to hire
 their time, and to pay their masters a given
 sum for the same a small drop of mercy in
 the bitter cup of bondage. By means of this
 the miserable serf is sometimes able, by in
 dusttv, skill and perseverance, to surround
 himself by circumstances of comparative com
 fort, as well as greatly to enhance the wealth
 of his master. This privilege has, to a limit
 ed extent, been allowed to slaves in many of
 the Southern States; and has been a source of
 relief from the wretched doom of the plunder
 ed slave. We once enjoyed this and felt it
 to be a great privilege to select our own em
 ployment, and to choose our own master.—
 The jiermissiou to do this impressed us with
 a sense of our own manhood, capabilities and
 rights. The slight taste of freedom which
 this favor afforded us, did nothing to weaken
 our desire for it —and although we might have
 remained a slave until this time had not the
 piivilege been withdrawn from us, when ta
 ken away we felt far less reconciled to our lot
 than when first it was granted. This secret
 of human nature, the keen eyed flush mongers
 of V irginia have recently discovered; and be
 ing resolved to maintain the system of slavery
 at all hazards, they are busily engaged in
 measures to prevent this means of injury to
 their cherished institution. ‘‘The National
 Anti-Slavery Standard,” (which seems to be
 favored by a large Southern exchange,) con
 tains numerous extiacts from Southern news
 papers, strongly condemning the conduct of
 such masters as allow their slaves the permis
 sion to hue their time. They allege the prac
 tice to lie dangerous to the stability of the
 whole slave system, and one that was justly
 alarming all who have an interest in that spe
 cies of property. One paper argues that it
 makes the slave restless under restraint—and
 w hen restricted, the editor says, he beeomes
 sullen, and less willing to do his duty—and
 this is left to be followed by an attempt to go
 North. Another e«il arising from allowing
 slaves to hire their time, is set down to be, the
 begetting in them the desire to have money—
 to have a chance for themselves, as it is usual
 ly called. Many other reasons, of like char
 acter, are given in favor of withholding thit
 privilege from the outraged bondman. The
 last hope is thus about to be taken away from
 him another rivet is to be driven to strength
 en his fetters —and every possible chance ol
 rredeeming himself from chains is to be denied
 him. Well: be it so! it cannot always last—
 a day of reckoning must come and perhaps
 tins last iJfort to tighten the cruel bonds ol
 slavery, may cause the slave “to move beyond
 the measure of hts chain*.” There is on«
 consolation that always attends the contem
 plation of any new method to prop op slave
 ry.—it i* the evidence it affurds of the grow
 ing weakness of the system. The ingenuity
 of the slave-holder is constsntly taxed to sup
 ply strength equal to the decay that is slowly
 and continually depriving that system of its
 vitality. We observe, in the same paper, that
 another enemy of the slave system has bees
 detected. I* a class of speakers and w n
 ter* wbs talk much of the dignity of labor;
 and of eoooaraging white industry. Thu
 class contend that white freemen should noi
 I only be preferred to staves upon all govern
tom works, sod at all wirwhimrat
 nasals, bat that they should also eojoy
 plets monopoly. At ibt prevataoee of this
 idea tbe slaveholders ate jUMfy alarmed -they
 see is a stab at the very bean of abtsry.—
 Let bat tbe whits men of the Sooth become
 folly possessed of the notice that slaves ought
 not to be the competitors of fresmee; and that
 to toil by tbe side of slaves is toil degraded,—
 and the days of slavery are numbered. The
 slaves would soon become comparatively val
 ueless; slaveholders would be looked epee aa
 enemies of the general good; and their influ
 ence over the misem would be gone for ever.
 —r.».
 Philadelphia.
 Tbe papers give an account of another fe
 rocious mob in this mobocratie city. Its vio
 lence was directed against tbe colored peopls
 in tbe neighborhood of Sixth and St. Thomas'
 street —a large number of wbooaare represen
 ted as having been wounded, and ten or twelve
 as having been killed. As usual, tbe excuse
 for this bloody outbreak is represented to be
 tbe fact that white and colored persons were
 living in the same families together, and asso
 ciating on equal terms. One of the papers
 ststes that this is s mere ptetext. But wheth
 er it be true or false it conveys an instructive
 lesson on the bitterness and baseness of the
 hatred with which colored people are regarded
 in Philadelphia. When, in any community,
 a violation of a mere custom, or a disregard of
 a particular taate, is esteemed an available ex
 cuse for setting aside all law, and for resorting
 to violence and bloodshed, it shows such cue
 i tom and taate to be profoundly wedded to the
 affections of the people; and proves them to
 be most difficult of eradication.
 Slavery and prejudice are, evidently, above
 law and order in Philadelphia—and we are
 not surprised that “lAe society of ktUera
 should adduce this reason for every outbreak ol
 which they may be guilty. When the Mayor
 of Philadelphia informed “the Hutchinson
 family that “he could not protect them from
 the violence of a mob if they permitted colored
 persons to attend their concerts,” he gave up
 the government, the peace, and the property
 of that disgraced city into the hands of a band
 of atrocious mobocrats. They took authority
 from the hands of the Mayor, he virtually
 telling them that they were to have full liberty
 to endanger the lives, and to destroy the prop
 erty of any and all persons who should be
 found acting in disregard of public taate and
 prejudice, by associating, in any way, with
 colored persons—and thus, also, he marked
 out the people of color for destruction when
 ever the brutal propensities of base white mer
 should prompt them to the work of murderoui
 outrage.
 The authority has gone from the govern
 ment of Philadelphia; and the struggle will
 be long and fearful, before it will be regained
 Since the burning of Pennsylvania Hall, Phil
 adelphia has been from time to time, the scent
 of a series of most foul and cruel mobe, waged
 against the people of color—and it is" now
 justly regarded as one of the most disorderly
 and insecure cities in the Union. No man ii
 safe—his life—his property —and all that hi
 holds dear, are in the hands of dmob, whiel
 may come upon him at any moment—at mid
 night or mid-day, and deprive him of hit all
 Shame upon the guilty city Shame upoi
 its law-makers, and law administrators!—
 Philadelphia will never b«rredeemed from thi
 curse of mobs, until it copies the example se
 by the government of New York in the lati
 Riots in Astor Place. —r. d.
 Philadelphia Association.
 We are happy to learn that the Ladies ol
 the Philadelphia Association are making vig
 orous efforts to render their intended Fair, foi
 the support of the North Star,” successful.
 Their appeal for assistance, with which oui
 readers are already familiar,) shows them to
 be in earnest, and deserving of the sympathy
 and encouragement of all who wish well tc
 the Free Colored people of the North.
 The proposed Fair is under the auspices oj
 1 Colored Ladies, assisted by such white fnende
 as are disposed to help them. They deem
 the North Star” an useful anti-slavery in
 strumentality, and are willing to work for its
 support. They are the only colored Ladier
 in the United States who have laden them
 selves with the work of holding a Fair in aid
 of this paper—and consisting as they do, oj
 some of the most intelligent and philanthrop
 ic women iu our ranks, they are entitled tc
 the utmost confidence of all who may feel dia
 j posed to make them the medium, through
 1 w hich to help forward the cause of our im
 provement and elevation. It has been objec
 ted that a Fair held by colored Ladies, server
 to alienate the colored people of Philadelphii
 from the abolitionists, and to set up a sepa
 rate interest. We deem this objection ab
 surd. There is no necessity for such alienatiot
 —and if alienation between tbe colored peo
 ple and the abolitionists result from the faci
 that colored ladies hold a Fair to support i
 paper edited by one in every respect identifiec
 with them, it is easy to see where the re
 sponsibility will rest.
 It is obvious that the white abolitionists ir
 Philadelphia, are interested in sustaining
 their own papers and lecturers, and that the]
 attach an importance to the duty of suppor
 ting them above that which they feel in re
 gard to tbe“ North Star.” This is natural
 —we have not a word of complaint to mak&lt;
 on that score—and it is equally natural, tha
 our colored friends in Philadelphia shook
 feel deeply interested for the support am
 continuance of their own paper. They havi
 therefore, a special, and moot perfect righ
 to make a separate effort to sustain the pa
 per in question. If either of tbe other anti
 slavery Fairs were disposed to include tlu
 North Star" among desirable anti-slavery io
 strdmenialitiea, and would render it any as
 usance, tbe ease might be different. But a
 u not so. Individual abolitionists have ft*
 quently helped ua,— somites {one treeptoi]
 never. We look therefore, mainly to oui
 colored brethren and sisters who foal the im
 portance of this paper, for help} and encour
 agement.
 In genera) efforts to aid the anti-slavery
 cause we may always act with our white fol
 low abolitioniste; and we hope the day will
 never come when this cannot be done with
 the utmost pleasure, by the colored people,—
 but it may often occur, as in this ulaees
 that we may attach mote importance to a
 special instrumentality than meets the viewa
 sod wishes of our while fellow fohnrms
 la such casus we hava no other ahcnmuvr
tat to Ml independently; the late erf
 Philadelphia bow purpose to do.— r.
 Tta BaUtente
 The Anti-Slavery Convention held at Ber
 lin, Mahon inf county, Ohio, on the 91»t, 93d
 and 83d Sept., appean to have been one of
 the moat spirited and iatereeting gatberinga
 ever held in the west. It adopted a aeries of
 reaohtliopa, erpreapng its views on the anb
 jeet of alavery genendfy; and especially, on
 the (object of a dissolution of our present un
 hallowed union with aiive-boldera —and de
 daring in favor of the formation of a northern
 republic. We have seldom seen resolutions
 more happily, or more powerfully drawn.—
 The am and guilt of the North in being band
 ed with Southern taskmasters against the
 freedom and natural rights of the dive, and
 the solemn duty of dissolving this Union are
 set forth, with all the clearness and force in
 which the English language is capable of
 presenting the subject. These young men
 and women will, undoubtedly, be sneered at,
 and held up to ridicule, by the conupt and fet
 tered press of the pro-slavery parties. They
 will be represented as hair-brained fanatics,
 and wild enthusiasts, who know not “what
 manner of spirit they are of,** nor what it is
 they aim to accomplish. Their plans will be
 laughed at as impracticable—absurd—and ri
 diculous. But what of all that? They ate
 based upon the eternal rock of principle. This
 ill-omened alliance with man-stealers ought to
 be broken up—and what ought to be done ean
 be done. All we have to do is to fling our
 principles among the people—remembering
 that the great God’will never allow the truth
 to return void. While the North is in this
 guilty partnership, it is responsible for slavery,
 and for the ten thousand horrors that daily
 flow therefrom. The curse of Heaven is up
 on it; and its blessing is upon all, who, by
 Christian means, seek its overthrow. We
 want just such a Convention in the State of
 New York as that recently held in Berlin.—
 “Now is the time for it. If we had a voice
 at all potential, we would lead the way in
 summoning the real friends of liberty in Con
 vention, to respond to the sentiments so brave
 ly put forth by the earnest young men and
 women of Ohio.—f. d.
 Controversies among Colored Men.
 We have received several letters recently,
 deprecating our course towards Henry High
 land Garnett, and expressing profound regret
 that differences and controversies should occur
 among men of the same complexion. We
 admire the amicability more than we do the
 sagacity of our correspondents. Until they
 can prove that sameness of complexion produ
 ces harmony of opinion, they will fail to show
 that colored men have not as good right to
 differ from each other a» have white men.—
 These correspondents and advisers must find
 a more permanent and rational basis for their
 regrets than that of “color.” The mind does
 not take its complexion from the skin to be
 a colored man is not necessarily to be an abo
 litionist.
 1 If we have, in any instance, accused a man
 unjustly administered mn untimely rebuke or
 made any attack unwarrantably,—let it bo
 ahown, and we shall not need to be asked 10
 retract, or to nuke a needful apology. In the
 1 case of Mr. Garnett we merely spoke what we
 deemed, at the time, to be true—and what we
 1 since have had no evidence to disprove. We
 know nothing of that charity which is so for
 -1 giving that it can embrace an enemy that glo
 ries in his transgression. We neither forgive
 nor forget a man who insidiously seeks to de
 stroy our character, and, thereby, to stab the
 cause with which we are identified but we
 will hold him responsible for his conduct be
 fore God and man, until he shall repent. A
 peace founded on any other basis would be
 delusive and worthless.—f. d.
 Pumpkins.
 Yes! Pumpkins! we raised a nice lot
 them this season in our own gaiden. Some
 of them were very large—yellow as the gold
 of California—and aa deliciously sweet as ever
 pleated the taste of the most fastidious epi
 cure, or appeased the appetite of the most
 hungry laborer. It does us good to look upon
 those pumpkins—and then to partake of them
 in company with our dear little ones. But it is
 not so much the good quality of the pumpkins
 to which we would call attention, as to the
 good moral we have extracted from them.—
 The ground was prepared—seed sown—and
 the plant cultivated by our own colored hands;
 and although the soil is American it took no
 offence on account of our color—but yielded a
 generous return for our industry. From this
 we infer that the earth has no prejudice against
 •olor, and that nature is no respecter of per
 sons. It pours its treasures as liberally into
 the lap of colored industry, as into that of the
 white husbandman. The earth is a preacher
 of righteousness; it inculcates justice—love—
 and mercy; repudiates the factitious distinc
 tions of pride and prejudice—and owns all the
 sons and daughters of men (without regard to
 color) as its own dear children. Oh ye ne
 gro hating Americans! our mouth is open un
 to you! Come, and learn wisdom and good
 ness from our mother earth, and treat the
 colored man no longer aa an outcast and a
 despicable being but as the child of a com
 mon Father, who causes His suu to shine
 1 alike upon the black and the while—and the
 elements of nature to respond to the wants of
 all His creatures. —r. d.
 1 Lockport-
 Oca meeting at Loekport last week was an
 occasion of considerable interest. The com
 modious Congregational Church in which it
 was held, was crowded by an audience who
 listened as though they were interested in the
 subject, and we have good reason to believe
 that our labors of last week were not lost up
 on that place. It is impossible to impart
 toneh interest to an account of a meeting held
 by ourselves, so we can only favor our indul
 gent leaders with a simple, matter erf faet
 statement, respecting the amount of work
 done—the time and place, Ac.—a. o.
 Mr. Oesiua K. Doggo
 We attended tta entertainments, given by
 this gentleman, at Minerva HaU, on Wedoea
 4ay and Thursday evenings. Black, and pro
 though wo be, wc levs good ramie,
 and have oe objeetaan to lively wit and hu
 mour; and, thaiite. *e went to hear thw
 inimitable eemie singer. Dodge gives some
 thing more thus ooooerts. They am enter
 mi—mis, m ——atm m they ait am teg'
W« have teen mnoy nch, ibss«H.bo«norous,
 and laughable fines, bat that of Dodge ex
 ceeds them afi. His dmtdptkm if Niagara
 Falk, displaying the feelings with which dif
 ferent persons view that sublime cataract is
 aasnrpaased by any thing of the kind we ever
 witnessed—and f u Hy worth the eotire ad
 mtssuNi fee. His feet are on Magnetism was
 first rate. Such gesticulations ss he employs,
 when dispensing knowledge on this sahject,
 were never before seen, sod elicited shoots of
 laughter and applause from the delighted au
 dience.—r. D.
 F* ed Micx Dorci.A—. —We find in the
 columns of the North Stax, a letter addressed
 by this distinguished negro to Captain Thom
 as Auld, his former master, in which it is
 gratefully acknowledged that Capt. A. has
 emancipated all his slaves except the grand
 mother of Mr. Douglass, who is too old to
 sustain herself in freedom. It appear* that
 Capt. Auld takes care of the old woman, hav
 ing removed her from the desolate hut where
 she formerly lived, into his own kitchen,
 where he is providing for her in a manner be
 coming a man and a Christian. Thus saith
 the negro Douglere—he who- declared in Eng
 land that every slaveholder deserved the gal
 lows. We are glad to record the fact that his
 temper is softening towards his white breth
 ree. The country, no doubt, will be saved
 again.
 The above is from the Pittsburgh Saturday
 Visitor—a professed anti-slavery paper. We
 should as soon look for a compliment from
 “the New York Herald” as we should expect
 to find, in the Visitor, an extract so contempt
 uous as this seems to be—“ Thus saith the ne
 gro Douglass.'" This mode of allusion is al
 together in harmony with the habits, educa
 tion and mauners of our “negro” despising
 community; and we wonder that such an ex
 pression should find utterance in a paper edit
 ed by Mrs. Jane Swisshelm. It is not true
 that the negro Douglass ever declared in
 England, ot elsewhere, that “every slave
 holder deserved the gallows.” We are not
 in the habit of dealing with enemies in any
 such way. But we have said, “1/ any man
 undei\heaven should be treated as a criminal the
 slaveholder is that man.” It is not true that
 “Aw temper is softening towards his white
 brethren —that temper is as bad as ever,
 so far as “temper” has any thing to do with
 his advocacy of the cause of the slave. We
 as cordially detest the slaveholder now, as
 when our own flesh was smarting under his
 bloody lash. The man who is guilty of de
 grading his brother man to the condition of a
 brute, by robbing him of all his rights, and
 placing him on his ledger, with horses, sheep,
 and swine, is a villain towards whom we hope
 our temper will never soften until he shall
 have abandoned his infernal pursuits. The
 last sentence in this extract is a derisive sneer
 to which no answer need be given. We hope
 the country will be saved but it is certain
 that its salvation will never be effected by
 means of a paper that infuses into the public
 mind a spirit so contemptuous and sneering as
 that indicated in the above extract.— f. d.
 Dreadful Riot in Philadelphia.
 It is with sincere regret that we record the
 occurrence of one of the most dreadful riots
 that has taken place for many years in our
 city. It appears that a gang of men and boys
 amounting, it is said, to several hundreds, and
 mostly armed, hovered about St. Mary’s street,
 which is chiefly inhabited by colored people.
 At the same time, there were several knots of
 colored men hanging about, arid two or three
 collisions occurred. This was the state of
 things shortly afier 9 o’clock.
 Before 10 an attack was made upon a tav
 ern at the corner of Sixth and St. Mary street,
 called the California House. This place was
 kept by a colored man, who was reported to
 be martied, or at any rate, living with a white
 woman. The house was soon in flames, the
 inmates driven out and fired upon, with many
 other colored persons, who were seen flying
 from their houses in extreme terror, chased by
 gangs, who pelted them with brickbats, and
 fired after them with guns and pistols.
 The fire made rapid progress, but several
 engine and hose companies were soon upon
 the ground. The firemen who went to the
 conflagration for the purpose *f saving prop
 erty, were fired upon, not in solitary cases,
 but actually in a running fire, and by volleys
 of several guns and pUtols at once, the rioters
 being out in a very strong force. They were
 also assailed with showers of brickbats, and
 their hose cut in every direction. The first
 companies that arrived were compelled to
 ieave the neighborhood. Still the firing con
 tinued.
 It is impossible to tell the number of killed
 and wounded; but we saw either five or six
 carried to druggists’ shops or to the hospital,
 on chairs 01 settees. We heard that two were
 shot while standing on an engine, and one
 was reported to have been killed. The most
 moderate statements that were made at 12
 o’clock, admitted that at least twenty were
 wounded, and four killed.
 Barney Himmelwnght, a member of the
 the Good-Will Hose, is reported to have been
 shot through the heart.
 Two other firemen are dangerously wound
 ed—one in the head and one in the side. A
 third was wounded in the leg.
 The military were called out at midnight,
 and several companies made their appearance
 on the ground at one o’clock this morning
 As late as 2 o’clock this morning there was
 still an immense crowd of people. The mili
 tary remained on the ground.— Philadelphia
 Inquirer, of Wednesday.
 Philadelphia, Oct. 10th—1 P. M.
 The riots of last evening were renewed
 down town this morning, and a number of
 other buildings fired by the mob. Several
 persons were hurt by fire arms and missiles.
 At half-past 10, six or eight military compa
 nies, headed by the sheriff and mayor, march
 ed to the scene of acnoo, and took possession
 of the ground, planting artillery, and forcing
 the crowd eut from the infected district. The
 fire oompanies are now on hand, putting out
 the fire. There are no serious apprehensions
 of a renewal of the riots.
 A.vkexatioh.—There is 00 longer a doubt
 that a wide-spread organization exists at the
 present moment is Lower Canada m favor of
 Annexation. All parties, ail creeds, and all
 nations belong to it. Tbe French Canadian
 is eathusiastic, tbe Irishman over-joved, and
 tbe Englishman hugely pleased, while the
 Scotchman k alt three. After the tbe arti
 cles in the London Times and the Economist,
 expressive of the willingness of Great Bnt
 isa to let as chalk oat for ourselves a new
 state of political existence, they do not aouo
 ipate any opposition on her pan, but believe
 that aa soon as a majority of the people shall
 petition for independence, it wB! at ooce be
 accorded. The Montreal Courier of this
 morning hold* oat threats of a resort to vio
 lence. We hope that nothing of the kind
 will take place, k k too boyish.— Cobovrg
 Star.
 LisctATXD.—Some time since, the Rev.
 Mr. Fairbanks was commuted to the peniten
 tiary of Kentucky for having aided the escape
 of a slave. Ho has maoa'hoaa pardoned and
 liberated hot a correspondent of the Booteo
 Traveller ssya it was not done aotfl about
 MOO were paid to the owner of the slave.

 Rtwaxd.—Henry B. Stake* baa boon
 nominated as Democratic randidite for ffens
 lor for Yates, Senoea, and Tompkins ooun
 ika, New-York, a tt«af Dforecmie dkukt.
lUaohrtd to breathe foe si Imm a day 01
 a parer atmosphere than that usually
 ooctiiaed withie tbe foot valla of a printing
 oAea, 1 found myself one evening at the
 Loading, about three miles from Rochester,
 ready to get on boa id the Niagara steamer,
 for Lewiston It had rained nearly all day
 bat the clouds had now assumed a broken and
 dispersing appearance—promising, if not fine,
 ar least passable weather. Tbe bell rung,
 and ia a few minutea we were ail a-board,*’
 aad the floating house waa ploughing us way,
 with many a gasp and groan, through the qui
 et waters of the Genesee. Before we got up
 on Lake Ontario, darkness bad gathered thick
 around us, and nought conld be distinguished
 on either hand but an expanse in which a
 mid imagination might snppoae were the wa
 ters of the lake. Aa there waa nothing to be
 seen on deck, I betook myself to the cabin,
 where I found employment for some time in
 criticising the countenances of my fellow-pas
 sengers, and conjecturing who and what they
 were. There was evidently no one there
 above the most common-place. It might well
 have been doubted respecting nearly tbe en
 tire company, whether they ever had a
 thought above the everlasting dollars and
 cents. There was one burly-fboking little man,
 dressed in officer’s uniform, with a large
 paunch and little eyes, and brandy complex
 ion, who perhaps waa somebody, as all pres
 ent seemed to defer most reverentially to
 what he said but not feeling any interest in
 men of the killing profession, I did not take
 tbe pains to enquire his name. As the night
 advanced, the wind became rather boisterous
 for those not accustomed to the rocking of a
 steamboat, and most of the passengers were
 speedily scattered to their respective berths.
 A slight choking ssnsation in the gullet re
 minded me of the possibility of sea —or, rath
 er, foLc-sickness, especially when I heard the
 unearthly sounds proceeding from the throats
 of some of my travelling companions. Not
 being particularly anxious to be over taken in
 a like predicament, I concluded that it would
 be safer, and perhaps more agreeable, ail
 things considered, to follow the example ol
 those who were resting from their labors.”
 After many vain attempts to sleep, and turn
 ing from*side to side, unable to determine
 whether the clatter of the engine, the rock
 ing of the boat, or the bright glaring light ir
 the cabin was the greatest annoyance, I gave
 it up, and resolved, since there was no pros
 pect of sleep, to oooupy the few hours of the
 night in reading. I had several books ant
 papers in my pocket, and was soon.busily en
 gaged in making myself master of their con
 tents. Thb kept me employed, with occa
 sional dozes of a few seconds apiece, till wel
 on in the morning. We reached Levvistoi
 about four o’clock, and all were soon bus]
 getting out their baggage. The little burl]
 Captain, especially, seemed to have a boat
 load himself. My intention was, having beet
 informed that the railway train started foi
 Lockport, very soon after the arrival of th&lt;
 steamboat, to make the best of my way thith
 er. But I was destined to make proof of the
 poet’s saying, that
 The best laid sChemes'o' mice and men
 Gang aft agee.”„
 There was no train till two o’clock. The
 idea of spending ten mortal hours in such a
 place as Lewiston, where there was nothing
 be seen, nor anybody to speak to, was worse
 than purgatory so I looked about for some
 other mode of conveyance. By five o’clock,
 1 found myself seated in an open vehicle, on
 my way to Lockport by the road. It was a
 dull, dreary morning. The clouds hung
 heavy and threatening; and ere long made
 good their promise by a furious down-pouring,
 which it was thought would soon be over. In
 this we were disappointed.
 Some three or four miles from Lewiston,
 there is a considerable settlement or village
 inhabited by Indians, of (as I was informed)
 the Tuscarora branch. These children of the
 forest live, for the most part, in very misera
 ble shanties very few, if any, of their habi
 tations being more than twelve or fifteen feet
 square, and one story high. They seem to
 have little ambition to make themselves
 comfortable, or to provide more than the mere
 necessaries of life. There is a church, but
 I could not learn whether or not there ia any
 school-house in the village. My informant
 said he thought there was a school-house, but
 did not recollect where, exactly. He thought
 it was kept by an Indian. It being so early
 in the morning when we passed through their
 village, no one was visible. The farms are
 not in good order. Very little of the large
 district claimed as the Indian reservation, is at
 all under cultivation. The number of Indi
 ans in this district is rapidly diminishing, eith
 er from emigration or some other cause. In
 the course of a very few years, in all proba
 bility, there will not be one left to tell the sad
 story of their extermination.
 Nothing more dreary can be conceived of,
 than our ride through wbat seemed a very
 desolate looking eonntry on that rainy morn
 ing. We met in the whole distance of twen
 ty-two miles, only one little boy on horse
 back. After four hours of exposure to wind
 and ram, we arrived m Lockport, almost
 numbed to death, glad to teach a place ol
 shelter.
 Having recruited somewhat, I went in
 search of friends whom I expected to meet in
 this village, and was soon successful in my
 search. I learned from one ol the daily p*.
 per* that an Anti-Slavery Fair had been held
 the preceding day, in the Lutheran Church.
 Tbe intention of some of us was, if tbe
 i weather had been passable, to spend a day at
 Niagara Falls. The distance from Lockport
 is only shout fifteen miles, and might very
 easily have been accomplished. But the ram
 spoiled that, even if it had not been before ar
 ranged, seeing tbe success of tbe Fair oq the
 day pieceding, to cooitnue it a second day.
 This day it was not nearly so successful;
 most of the citizens of Lockport acting upon
 the wiser plan of staying at home on such a
 doubtful sight as that was.
 Next day, (Sunday,) lain again worse
 than eves, 1 Self quite disconcerted and dis
 appointed. However I got up, and after go
 ing through the usual process of ablution,
 damning, dte., made my way to the hurra am
 e 4 the betel ha which I lodged, where 1 found
 a number of storm-staid travellers, around a
 large biasing wood Are, bewailing their hard
 lot, and cursing the weather moat fcnaniiy.
 Soon i eeevcrasfhm was started a knot
 of yooflf «mh, the subject of mfcfafc 1 ftver-
 I MMd, wm foe ”Mggei Fail” that hud yum
held m the village. One of them had
 bato there, tod vm eloquently describing
 bow Dougiam «u guilty of th« unpardonable
 «o of speaking to white women bow the
 Digger wenches,” m be very politely named
 respectable colored women, actually bad tbe
 aaaaranee to walk and talk amongst the mat,
 as if tbey.were human beings tad a great
 deal more of a like silly sort, in which 1 had
 the satisfaction of hearing myself mixed up
 tn no very complimentary terms. None of
 them seemed to recognize me again, sad I had
 the pleasure of laughing heartily at the poor
 fellows who pet the rose Ires in soch a rage to
 no perpoae. la tbe midst of their conversa
 tion, the be!* rung for breakfast, and away tbo
 whole kit and boodle of the company dartod,
 as if fired from a musket, pell-mell for the
 dining room, leaving me to conclude, that
 with all their righteous indignation, there was
 something in the world which they consider-'
 ed of more importance than to curso
 “d d abolitionists” and infernal nig*
 gera.” I followed at mv leisure, and found
 our quondam patriots gorging themselves
 very swinishly. They had forgotten all
 about tbe nigger Fair,” in the luzuty of
 bolting steaks, biscuits and hot coffee.
 What to do with myself on this day, was
 now the question. It was impossible to go
 out any distance. The rain fell like a second
 deluge. After serious eogitstion, I concluded
 to venture out in search of a friend's house,
 which 1 was fortunate enough to find without
 much difficulty. Mr. S—— and family re
 ceived me most cordially, and 1 contrived to
 spend a very agreeable day, notwithstanding
 my disappointment. Next morning the sun
 shone forth gloriously and some who had
 time at their disposal weot off to the Falls
 and 1 went, to dispose of an hour or two, in
 looking at, or rather for, tbe lions of Lock
 port.
 This is a village of some ten or twelve
 thousand inhabitants. It has been and is now
 a bury place while canal navigation is open.
 The idea of getting a city charter, and a cor
 poration of mayor, aldermen, and taxes, like
 the rest of the cities, is much talked of, and
 will probably be carried out. The locks at
 this place are interesting. This is a very sol
 id piece of stone-wotk. The locks are fivn
 in number, within the distance of a few rods
 —as near, indeed, as they could conveniently
 be erected, to leave room for the long con
 veyance boats to pass through. The fall at
 each is about fifteen feet, and altogether, by
 this means a fall of seventy feet is overcome,
 i There are several saw-mills and manufacto
 ries in Lockport, and it is evidently in a thri
 ving condition, bidding fair in time hereafter
 to become a city of some importance.
 The stage road from Lockport to Batavia
 is through a fine, level and comparatively well
 cultivated district. Farm houses are in close
 proximity to each other the entire distance—
 thirty-two miles. There are some three or
 foui small villages on the road, all of them
 provided with at least a tavern, and probably
 a lawyer and doctor. This is an inseparable
 trio. Neither one can very well thrive with
 out the other two. The popularity of all
 three, however, is now considerably on the
 decline. Cold water ami temperance are do
 ing much to destroy their reputation. The
 forests on the roadside were in all their
 glory. The mixture of bright orange, red,
 brown, and the varied autumnal tints, was
 very beautiful. Add to this a bright sunahine,
 and a calm October afternoon, and it may be
 supposed that I had no reason to weary of
 my journey. But there are two sides to this
 picture. The road was detestable. The
 coach was a crazy, ill-conditioned vehicle.—
 The continual jolting from side to side was
 more than it had agreed for; and the conse
 quence was that it broke down with a lurch,
 giving all of us a considerable shake and
 fright, but doing no farther damage, except to
 hold out the comfortable prospect that we
 must trudge off afoot, cr tarry there all night.
 However, as is often the case in such circum
 stances, things were not so bad as we leared.
 Only a screw or two had given way and af
 ter a little search, the pieces were picked up
 again; and we were soon jogging on our
 way, no worse than before. Long ere our
 seven hours of this sort of thing were over, I
 would willingly, and in so far as the state of
 my temper was concerned, might with advan
 tage have dispensed with any longer churning;
 and when, at ten o’clock, we arrived in Bata
 via, it was without any feeling of regret, that
 I bade good-bye, I trust forever, to that lum
 bering vehicle and savage road. Here I took
 the tram for Rochester and found myself
 once more at home a little after midnight,
 with the addition of a suffocating cold, and
 the by no means agreeable apprehension of a
 day or two of stcknes*. For the information
 of those who are interested, I may add that
 with the use of care and infinitesmal remedies,
 I soon recovered of my cold, and am now
 ready, when time and opportunity tie favora
 ble, for another Excursion."—j. u.
 Fair at West BloomJUM.
 The Ladies and friends of the Western
 New York Anti-Slavery Society will hold a
 Fair at West Bloomfield, on Friday, Oct.
 26, at which a beautiful assortment of olegeat
 and useful articles will be presented.
 Contributions are particularly desired for the
 Refreshment Table. Pics, Preserves, Cake,
 Font, Cream, Tea, Sugar, Ac., will be
 very acceptable.
 Fredeuck Douglass will deliver aa Anti-
 Slavery Address at Weat Bloomfield, on the
 evening preceding the Fair. WiU com
 mence at 7 o’clock.
 K7* Friends are requested to make the ne
 cessary preparations.
 Tut Bassett Cast—The Grand Jury at
 hpM J*f‘ bor C. on tbo 3d inot. found a
 J o M. Bassett, a citizen
 of Utuo, for circulating incendiary documents,
 ("Brutus Pamphlet"’) He was ad mitred
 to bad in the asm of Siooo to stand his trial
 at tbe next term.
 OajtiiL'WzaeTta amd Colojozation —lo
 1 letter from Mr. Lewis Tsppmn, published m
 the Congregational** of July 6th, the writer
 thus spunks:
 Subsequently (re the Cotaouanoo nam
 ing held in Bustos, in Rev. Dr. Charming’s
 Lecture Room in 1828) a largo meotieg
 held at the Marlboro’ Hotel, Mr. Webster
 praetdod, and I officiated as secretary. Jodge
 Story introduced a set of resolutions. A
 committee was ohoooo to report at an ad
 journed mooting s Constitution of the Mass-
 Colonization Society. They u.et and wore
 much divided in opioioe. Mr- Web
 ster roee sad anio— *f
 aszcssti&amp;ssstl
 toom,*
 I I 4
