P OCtCQ.
OCTOBER.
 ■f WILLIS GATLORD CLARK.
 Solano, yet beeutifol in view,
 Month of my heart! them daw nest here,
 With end and faded leave* to siren
 The Summer's melancholy bier.
 The moaning of thy winds I hear,
 As the red sunset dies afar.
 And bsurs of purple clouds appear,
 Obscuring every western star.
 Thoo solemn mouth! I hear thy voice'
 It tells my soul of other days,
 When but to live was to rejoice,
 When earth was lovely to my gate!
 0, Oh, visions bright—oh blessed h hit*.
 W here are their living raptures now 1
 1 ask Sty spirit’s wearied powers—
 -1 ask my pale at*l fevered brow!
 1 look to Nature, and behold
 My life’s dim emblems mailing round.
 In hues of crimson and of gold—
 Tine year’s dead bonots on the ground;
 And, sighing with the winds, I feel
 While their low pinions murmur b»,
 How much then sweeping tones reveal
 Of life and human destiny.
 When Spring’s delightsome moments shone,
 1 hey came in zephyrs from the West,
 Thay bore ibe wood-lark's melting tone,
 They stirred the blue lake’s gUsay breast;
 Trbough Summer fainting in the heat.
 They lingered in the forest shade;
 But changed and strengthened now, they beat
 In storm, o’er mountain, glen and glade.
 How like those transports of the breast,
 When life is fresh and joy is new,
 Soft as the halcyon’s downy nest,
 And transient all as they ate true’
 They st r the leaves in that bright wreath,
 W hicb Hope about l&gt;er forehead twines
 Till Griefs hot sighs around it breathe.
 Then Pleasure’s lip its smile resigns.
 Alas, for Time, and Death, and Care,
 What gloom about our way they fling!
 Like clouds in Auluinu’e gusty air,
 The burial-pageant of the Spring
 The dreams that each successive year
 Seemed bathed in hues of brighter pride,
 At last like withered leaves’appear,
 And sleep in darkness side by side'
 From Punch.
 AN ELEGY,
 W’nffcn in a London Churchyard, by m Tradesmen
 in the Ytcintfy.
 The it xlou tolls the knell till parting day,
 The latest funeral train has paid its fee,
 The mourners homeward take their dreary way,
 And leave the scene to typhus and to me.
 Now fades the crowded graveyard on ihc sight,
 But all, its air who 8C?nl, their nostrils hold,
 Save where the treadle drones, contented quite,
 And drowsy mutes their arms in slumber fold.
 Save where, hard by yon soot-incrusted tower,
 A reverend man doea o’er his port complain.
 Of sucli as would, by sanitary power,
 Invade his ancient customary gain.
 Beneath those arid mounds that dead wall's shade
 Where grows no turf above the mouldering heap
 All in their narrow ce ls together laid,
 The former people of the parish sleep.
 The queasy i ill of sewage-breathing mom,
 The ox urged bellowing to the butcher’s shed,
 The crowd’s loud clamoring at his threatening horn
 No more shall rouse them from their loalhy bed
 For them no more uie cimmuei„
 The busy doctor ply his daily care,
 Nor children to their sire from school return,
 And climb his knees the dreaded pest to share.
 Good folks, impute not to their friends the fault,
 If memory o’er their hones no tombstone raise;
 Where there lie dozens huddled in one vault,
 No art can mark the spot where each decays.
 No doubt, in this revolting place are laid
 Hearts lately pregnant with infections lire;
 Hands, by whose grasp contagion was conveyed,
 As sure as electricity by wire.
 Full many a gas of direst power unclean,
 The dark i.’erpenpled graves of London bear.
 Full many a poison, born to kill unseen,
 And spread its rankness in the ncighlxiring air.
 Rome district surgeon, that with dauntless breast
 The epidemic ’mongst the poor withstood.
 Some brave, humane physician here may rest,
 Some curate, roaityr to infected blood.
 To some doomed breast the noxious vapor flies;
 Some luckless lung the deadly reek inspires,
 Ev’n from the tomb morbific fumes arise,
 Ev’u in men’s ashes Jive disorder’s fires.
 For thee, who, shocked to see lli’ iidionored dead,
 Dost in these lines their shameful plight relate,
 If, chance, by sanitary musing* led,
 Some grave-yaid gleaner shall inquiie tin fate—
 Haply some muddle headed clerk will say.
 We used to see him at the peep of dawn.
 Shaving with hasty strokes his beard away.
 Whene’er his window-curtains were undrawn.
 There would lie stand, o’ertooking yonder shed,
 That lodes those relics from the public eye,
 And watch what we were doing with the dead.
 And count the funerals daily going by.
 One morn we missed him in the ’customed shop;
 Behind the counter where he ascii to be,
 Another served; nor at hi* early chop
 Nor at the Cock,” nor at the” Cheese” was lie
 The uext, by special wish, with sin tll array,
 To Kensall Green we saw our ueiglibor borne,
 Thither go read (if thou ranst read) liie lay
 With which a ilium his headstone did adorn.
 THE IHIIHU.
 Here rest with decency the bones in earth,
 Of one to comfort ami to health unknown,
 Miasma ever plagued lit* humble health,
 And scarlatina marked him for her own.
 Long wa* his illness, tedious, and severe,
 Hard by a Loudon churchyard dwelt our frieud;
 He followed lo the grave a neighbor’s bier,
 He met then-by (’(was what he feared) his end.
 No longer seek corruption to enclose
 Witliiu die place* of mankind’s abode;
 But far from cities let our du»t repose
 Where daisies bloom upon die- e taut clod.
 NO NIGHT BIT HATH ITS MORN.
 There are time* of deepet-i sorrow,
 When die heart feels lout- and aad,
 Times when memory’s rpell of tnagtr
 Has ir gloom the spirit clad
 Would*l thou have a wand all potent
 To illume life’s darkest night!
 'Tie the thought that e’er in nature,
 Darkest hours precede die light.
 When die world, cokl, daik, aud teifuh,
 Frowns upou die treble flame,
 Lighted from die torch f genius,
 Worth has kindled round thy name;
 When the loudest hopes are blighted,
 And tby dearest prospects fade,
 Thiuk, Oh, lone oin-, scorned and slighted,
 Sunshine ever follows shade.
 EPIGRAM
 a HSRb-MEaRTEP HUSO*
 The truth that Seimons are in stone*,”
 On any on* oust quickly dart,
 Wbea told that Smith or Brown, or Jones,
 Preach#* dnredy from the been
elections.
■R. COBDEIf ON WAR LOANS.
 The following Speech wee deliver*
 by Richard Cobden at the Peace Coo
 grew in Paris:
 The Chairman, on the reauroptioi
 of the sitting, proceeded to read thi
 i fourth resolution, thus worded:
 j The Congress strongly disapprove
 lof all loans and taxes destined to pro
 mote wars of ambition or conquest.”
 Mr. Cobde*. M. P., presented him
 ,sell in the tribune, and was receive*
 with immense applause.. He deliver*
 'in French a speech, of which the fol
 lowing is a translation:—l have th&lt;
 honor to submit to your consideratioi
 a resolution condemnatory of loans fo
 warlike purposes. My object is t&lt;
 promote peace by withholding the sin
 jews of war. 1 propose that this Con
 jgress shall make an appeal to the con
 sciences of all those who have
 'to lend [hear, hear]. Ido not t&lt;
 a tew bankers who appear bißftMh l
 the world as loan cent rectors.
 are the ageuts only for collecting fuS|
 from smaller capitalists. It is from tin
 savings and accumulations of the mer
 chants, manufacturers, traders, agri
 iculturists, and annuitants ofcivilizei
 i Europe, that warlike governments cai
 alone supply their necessities, and t&lt;
 them we will appeal by every motivi
 ,of self interest and humanity not t
 lend their support to a barbarous sys
 tem which obstructs commerce, uproot
 industry, annihilates capital and labor
 and revels amidst the tears and bloo&lt;
 of their fellow creatures. We w ill d&lt;
 more; we will in every possible waj
 expose the character and objects, an&lt;
 exhibit to the world the true state o
 the resources of every governmen
 which endeavors to contract a loan foi
 warlike purposes. The time is gon&lt;
 by when barbarous nations devoted t&lt;
 j war could conquer civilized Europe
 unless, indeed, the latter will be s&lt;
 complacent as to lend the money nec
 essary for its own subjugation [hear
 hear]. War has become an expen
 sive luxury. It is no longer a ques
 tion of bows and arrows, swords an&lt;
 shields [cheers]. Battles are now de
 cided by artillery, and every dischargt
 of a cannon costs from twelve to fifteer
 francs; I wish with all my heart it wat
 ten times as much [loud applause]
 The consequence is, that when coun
 tries behind the rest of Europe in civi
 lization enter upon hostilities, they ar&lt;
 obliged immediately to draw upon th&lt;
 resources of more civilized states—ii
 other words, to raise a loan; and hov
 is the money thus borrowed from th&lt;
 1 savings of honest industry expended
 What is war in our day Has it learn
 ed any of the charities of peace? Le
 us see. I hold in my hand an extrac
 from a proclamation issued at Pesth
 dated 19th July, and signed Haynau.’
 Praying forgiveness for your outrage!
 feelings, I will read it:—
 Any individual who shall, either b;
 word or action, or by wearing any rev
 olutionary signs or emblems, dare t&lt;
 support the cause of the rebels; an;
 diers.or those of our brave allies, eithe
 by words or blows; any individual wh
 shall enter into criminal relations wit
 the enemies of the crown, or who sha
 seek to kindle the flame of rebellion b
 reports spread for sinister purposes, o
 who shall be rash enough to concea
 arms, or not to deliver them up withii
 the day fixed by my proclamation, shal
 be put to death within the shortest pos
 sible delay, and on the spot where th&lt;
 crime shall be committed, without dis
 tinction of condition or sex.”
 [Loud cries of“ butchers! butchers!’
 This was addressed to the inhabi
 tants of Pesth; and a few weeks late
 the same signature appeared to a proc
 tarnation addressed to the inhabitant
 of the Theiss, from which also I wil
 read a short extract and which I mus
 declare to be the policy of the devi
 i[loud laughter]:—
 “Take care not to incur my ven
 geance. Not being able in such a casi
 to find out the guilty party, I shall b&lt;
 compelled to punish the whole district
 ilfon the territory occupied by my ar
 my, or on (lie rear, any offence sha!
 be committed against my soldiers, or i
 'any of the convoys should be stopped
 or a courier, or the transport ofprovis
 ions prevented, an .immediate punish
 ment shall be inflicted on the guilt*
 commune; and it shall become a prey
 the flames mid shall be levelled to th
 ground, to serve as a frightful example
 toother communes.”
 (Renewed cries of butchers! butch
 ers!’’) I ask you, whilst your flesl
 creeps and your hair bristles with hor
 ror at jhese quotations, has war bor
 t rowed any of the charities of Chris
 tianityr Have modern warriors repu
 dialed the practice of the barbarian;
 of antiquity? part I can see
 no difference between Attila and Hay
 nau, between the Goth of the fifth anc
 the Goih of the nineteenth century
 But we address ourselves to those whe
 by their loans really hire and pay the
 men who commit these atrocities, anc
 we say, It is you who give strength
 to the arm w hich murders innocent wo
 men and helpless old age; it is you whe
 supply the torch which reduces to ash
 es peaceful inoffensive villages, and or
 your souls will rest the burden of these
 crimes against humanity.” 1 shall be
 told that it is useless to make an ap
 peal to the sensibilities of men who,
 with money lying unproductive at the
 bottom of their ‘pockets, are thinkiug
 of but five per cent.
 I will undertake to prove, though I
 shall not weary jou with an opinion
 upon the subject, that peace will offer
 a lar better field for the employment oi
 the savings of agriculture than the field
 of battle, and that she wil! afford a
 much more profitable investment for
 the accumulations of industry than in
 partnership with Haynau and Co.
 This discussion will be raised again
 and again in various places. The Con
 gress of Nations will make the tour of
 the civilized world. You, Frenchmen
 and trench women, who have recei
 ved with so much enthusiasm your En
 glish visitors, in whose name I thank
 you—who have known so well bow to
 show the noble seal in the cause of hu
 manity, which has prompted your A
 merican guests to cross the great At
 lantic—who have welcomed the pres
 ence of Germans, Belgians, and Dutch
 men, and the representative# of other
nations in this h&gt;B—yoi have impaired
 to the Ponce Congress a great moral
 power, wfcieh its members will sodoa
 ror to nH for the benefit of humanity.
 We shall leave you with renewed hope
 and courage, confident that we hare
 only to persevere resolutely, but legal
 ly, aod always in a moral sense, and
 step by step we shall propagate the
 sublime idea which now reigns in this
 hall, till it embraces within its influence
 all the nations of the earth [loud and
 long-continued applause].
Fnmi Tke ChnxXjpe.
 THE WHITE SLAVE.
 I was standing on the piazza of the
 hotel, in company with several
 others, when an elegant carriage drove
 up, and an old gentleman, of command
 ting figure and a benevolent expression
 of countentee, and accompanied by
 (three young ladies and a black servant,
 alighted and entered the Hotel. Two
 of the young Ipdies, who from their re
 semblance, appeared to be sisters, were
 elegantly dressed, but there was noth
 ing in their personal appearance to at-
 attention. The third was more
 ttired, but there was an unde-
 about her that fixed every
 eye upon her, from the first glimpse.
 Her form was exquisitely moulded, and
 there was grace in every motion. She
 was a brunette, with eyes as dark as
 midnight and as bright as stars, and
 hair—a curl or two of which escaped
 beneath her bonnet, which might vie
 with the raven’s wing in blackness,
 i Every one at first sight pronounced her
 beautiful, and our first impressions
 were afterwards entirely confirmed.
 At dinner the other two young ladies
 appeared with their father, for such the
 old gentleman appeared to be, but our
 dark-eyed beauty was nowhere to be
 seen. At the supper table we looked
 again for her, but in vain. Thinking
 that she might have been taken sud
 denly ill, some one took occasion after
 supper, to make some inquiries regar
 ding her, and was told that she was
 only a servant! Servant in this coun
 try is usually synonymous with slave.
 Could that beautiful girl be a slave?
 Though her complexion was dark, there
 were no signs of African blood either
 in her color or her features. A slave?
 Impossible!
 The following is the substance of
 what I have since learned concerning
 her:
 i In the year 18—Mr. the old
 gentleman of whom I have spoken, pnr
 j chased with other slaves a dirty sun
 burnt child, of four or five years of age
 who was evidently not of the Negro
 race. The slave-dealer said that he
 bought her of a Cherokee, in upper
 Georgia, and that he was told she had
 Indian blood in her veins. This was
 all he knew of her.' She fell into his
 hands in the way ol trade, and that was
 enough for him. Mr. had the
 little dark-eyed barbarian washed and
 decently clothed, and finally, struck
 with her beauty and intelligence, made
 out free papers” for her and assu
 ming the office of a guardian sent her
 to school. She made great proficiency
 lent education. Since leaving school
 she has been in the family of Mr.
 In private, I am told, she has ever
 been treated as a companion and not
 as a servant, by the young ladies, but
 to associate with her in public, as an
 equal, would never do, for in the eves
 of both the civil and the social laws of
 the South, no matter how white she
 may be, she is only a “free person of
 color.” This in the Model ofßepub
 lies, one of the articles of whose creed
 i is, “All men are created free and
 equal!”
 It is said that our pretty brunette is
 now engaged to be married to a young
 man of high connections, who, despite
 the remonstrances of friends, and the
 frowns of a false society, will make her
 I the mistress of one of the finest homes
 in the South!
 “Truth is stranger than fiction!”
 THE GAMBLER’SFATE.
 In one of the low gambling-houses
 in Leicester Square, Cecil sat, as in a
 dream, risking the fruits of his crime. I
 His brain whirled around, and his
 heart beat every time the door opened; 1
 for he could not drive away the fear
 .that his forgery had been detected,
 and that they were coming to arrest
 him.
 He had dishonored himself to play
 j this new game which Frank had ex
 plained to him; and now that the crime
 i was committed, he could not profit
 t&gt;£ it!
 Such a game required, above all
 others, consummate coolness and self
 mastery; Cecil was more agitated, his
 biam was more confused than ever it
 had been, and he played utterly at ran
 dom. It would be difficult to conceive
 greater torture than that which he en
 dured, lor he won without satisfaction,
 and lost with agony; his brain was not
 so confused but that he had a distinct
 perception of his situation, and the ne
 cessity of playing every coup as if for
 i hie but at the same time his brain was
 so drugged with horror and despair,
 (hat his will seemed paralyzed, and he
 was forced, as by an unseen hand, into
 the ruin which he saw yawning be
 fore him.
 While the cards were dealt with me
 chanical precision by the impassive
 dealer, and Cecil’s crime-fnrnished
 golo was passing away before bis eyes,
 visions of his happy youth, of his ear
 ly days of marriage, and healthy activ
 ity floated before his mind; and he, the
 gambler, on the edge of that dark gulf
 which gaped before him, turned back
 hia thoughts to those sunny days when
 his soul was stainless*, and his life was
 full of love and hope, of activity and
 happiness; it was like a small wild flow
 er on a mass ol loosening rock, which
 the next gust of wind will quite unloo
 sen, and tumble thundering into the
 ravine.
 He thought of his mother, and of
 her dying injunctions; and her words
 of blessing fell upon his ear just as the
 dealer, in his passionless voice, pro
 claimed—‘Black wins.’ r
 A heap of gold was swept away be
 fore him.
 For hours did this tortured games
 ter play; becoming gradually inured to
 the pais he suffered, and deadened to
 the whispers of conscience.
 It was now eleven o'clock. The
 room was full of player. A succee-
mod of Dew facet replaced tboae wbo
 ooe by oie fell off, contented with their
 winnings, or (and this was by far the
 moat frequent case) desperate from tbeir
 loaeea. But Cecil never moved.—He
 celled lor wine occasional! y but nothing
 interrupted hia play.
 Hia last three sovereigns were sta
 ked upon the black; his life was on the
 hazard of that one deal. Even the old
 players, accustomed to every species
 of intense emotion, could not keep
 their eyes off Cecil, as with parted lips,
 ■training eyes, and purple face, he
 watched the rapid progress of the
 game. Intensely they felt the moment
 was supreme.
 He lost?
 With a bunt of uncontrollable de
 spair, be snatched the rake from the
 hand of the croupier, who had just
 ■wept away his momey, and with both
 hands snapped it in two; a murmur fol
 lowed this act of violence, which only
 seemed preparatory to something worse
 but he glared round upon the players
 with such a look of mad fury that they
 were awe-stricken.
 Instead of any further violence, how
 ever, he broke out into a wild hysteri
 cal laugh, which made their blood run
 cold, and staggered out of the house.
 In that moment which had preceded
 his wild laugh, a vision of his young
 wife and child destitute—starving—
 thinned with want and sickness—had
 appeared to him, and, as in a flash re
 vealed to him the hideous extent of
 his rain.
 Beggared, dishonored, stained with
 a profitless crime, nought remained for
 him but death; and in death he resol
 ved to still the throbbing of his agony.
THE SIMOOM OF THE DESERT—
 -30,000 PEOPLE BURIED ALIVE.
Mr. Buckingham, in one of his let
 ters, gives an interesting account of
 the simoom of the desert.
 He states that from the great inse
 curity of persons and property, there
 is but little traveling except in caravans.
 These frequently comprise 40,000 cam
 els, attended by thirty or forty persons.
 Flying horsemen, scouring in full speed
 the surrounding country, secure them
 from sudden attack, but the chief dan
 ger they have to encounter is the hot
 blast of the desert. Its approach is
 tokened by a lurid stream in the heav
 ens, such as may sometimes he seen
 in American sunsets. It is a sign well
 understood by the natives, and they
 prepare for it immediately. It comes
 like the heated air from the fiery fur
 nace suddenly opened, producing faint
 ing and lassitude, and soon increasing
 in violence, it raises the soft sand clouds
 penetrating the eyes, nose and mouth,
 and insinuating itself beneath the gar
 ments. The camels are halted at the
 sound of a bugle, or some other well
 known signal, and are arranged in lines
 of a hundred or a thousand, each with
 their backs turned to the quarter from
 whence the simoom is expected, and
 beneath the shelter thus afforded, the
 men prostrate themselves upon the
 ground. The drifting sand, opposed
 in its course, rises in a little while to
 tlfher n eide eff 'BPow° Ph°e U y r
 must again bestir themselves, if they
 would not be buried where they lie.
 Although the atmosphere is thick with
 the yellow sand, producing darkness
 so total that one cannot see an exten
 ded hand, and darkness too that can be
 felt—a new position is to be taken, a
 new line of camels to be formed, and
 the same operation gone through with. 1
 This is often necessary to be done
 many times, until reduced to perfect
 helplessness by exhaustion, they sink
 and die, and are buried beneath the
 sand. The groans of the women and
 the blended cries of men and beasts,
 help to make the scene awful beyond
 description. One of these simooms to
 which Mr. Buckingham was exposed,
 lasted 18 hours; and of a caravan of
 30,000 persons returning from a pilgri-'
 mage to Mecca, to the shrine of Ma
 homet, which was overtaken by this de
 stroying blast, only eighteen escaped
 to tell the tale.—
fresh-air.
 Man acts strangely. Although a
 current of fresh air is the very life of
 his lungs, he seems indefatigable in the
 exercise of his inventive powers to de
 prive himself of this heavenly blessing.
 Thus he carefully closes every cranny
 of his bedchamber against its entrance,
 and he prefers that his lungs should re
 ceive the mixed effluvium from his cel
 lar and larder, and from a patent little
 modern aquarius, in lieu of it. Why
 should man be so terrified at the admis
 sion of the night air into any of his a
 partments? It is nature's overflowing
 current, and never carries the destroy
 ing angel with it. See how soundly the
 delicate little wreu and tender robin
 sleep under its full and immediate in
 fluence, and how fresh and vigorous
 they rise amid the surrounding dew
 drops of the morning. Although expos
 ed all night long to the air of heaven,
 their lungs are never out of order, and
 this we know by the daily repetition of
 their song. Look at the newly-born
 hare, without any nest to go to. It lives
 and thrives, and becomes strong and
 playful, under the unmitigated inclem
 ency of the falling dews of the night.
 1 1 have here a fine male turkey, full
 eight years old, and he has not passed
 a single night in shelter. He roosts in
 a cherry tree, and is always in primest
 health the year throughout. Three
 dung-hill fowls, preferring this cherry
 tree to the warm perches in the hen
 house, took up their airy quarters with
 him early in October, and have never
 since gone to any other roosting-place.
 The cow and the horse sleep safely on
 the cold damp ground, and the roc-buck
 lies down to rest in the heather, oo the
 dewy mountain top. I inrself can sleep
 all night long, bareheaded, under the
 full moon’s watery beams, without any
 fear of danger, and pass the day in wet
 shoes without catching cold. Coughs
 and colds are generally caught in the
 transition from an overheated room to a
 cold apartment; but there would be no
 danger is this movement if ventilation
 w «re attended to—a precaution little
 thought of now-a-days.— WaUr*m’s
 Etkayt on .Yatural History.
 A gentleman looking upon an exten
 sive conflagration, expressed bis sur
 priae in three words, each the name of
 an English author— 1 Dickens, How
 itt Buna!"
3ltocrtiottiunto.
NORTHAMPTONWAm CURE.
 ELECTRICITY JiThYBROTATHY.
 THE important principles of Cataaeoxs Electricity,
 1 the discovert of TrSicfc by tbe undersigned, bu
 opened so wide a field tar affieatifie and pbytikdof teal
 investigation, though ridkefed ud opposed at iu
 &amp;r»t announce mem in 1844, by medical and ptofee
 »«By scientific men, being •aaffiiaed by eminent
 men of philosophic and scientific knowledge, aad by
 the experience and testimony of tbonsands, who have
 tested his theory by examinations in their own cases,
 the nadsrsigaed is confident that this principle of
 natural and physiological law, needs only to be nn
 derstood to be justlt appreciated by an iuteliigeat
 and iatesticaung public.
 Battained bv such testimonv, and more than fire
 years’ practical experience as a Diaenosian and Hy
 dro pa thtst, the undersigned would here repeat the
 I conuhiaioos at which he has arrived by the sense of
 j tooch. Ist. That the hmnan body, ia a healthy
 condition, ia in a pmttm dmtntml stats. 2d. That
 j there are electrical emanations from die cuticlar
 1 suHace, indicative of health, or the nature and
 i symptoms of diseaae. Sd. That ia all cases where
 the wrist, stomach, or lungs, are in an electro-posi
 tire state, (however disturbed,) there is bope of a
 cure; hot when the pans of the body alluded to are
 in the electro-negative state, Hydropathy can afford
 no relief.
 Had not the results of his practice already con
 vinced the public of (he truthfulness of the principles
 by which (he undersigned is governed, in detecting
 the nature and symptoms of disease, the recent pki
 losophical and scientific demonstration of their cor
 rectness, by ’Professor Means, of Georgia, and Mr.
 Heinmer, of England, and the facts and corrobora
 tive testimony adduced by Ur. Forbes, Mr. Smee,
 and others, should be sufficient to convince the most
 sceptical.
 Gratefully appreciating the ci'-dit so generously
 awarded for his success vs a Diagnostic and Hy
 dropathic Practitioner, by a discerning public, and
 the gratitxde evinced by those whom he has hagl the
 pleasure to relieve of their complaints, the under
 signed will endeavor to merit the confidence of all
 who may afford him an opportunity to effect a cure,
 by his orrginal and pkdosop/ucal method of practice.
 The Northampton Water Cure is pleasantly situ
 ated near Bensonvilie, on the west bank of Licking
 Water, or Mill River, about two and a half miles
 from the centre of the town. It is conveniently
 arranged, with parlors, separate bathing and dress
 ing-rooms, for Ladies and Gentlemen, well venti
 lated and conveniently furnished lodging rooms, and
 a variety of baths, abundantly supplied with water,
 which, for purity, and adaptedness to water-cure
 purposes, is unsurpassed by that of any oilier estab
 lishment in this country. A new and commodious
 building has just been completed, containing a spa
 cious diuing ball, and pleasant lodging rooms, which,
 with the main building, will accommodate from 50
 to 60 patients. A Gymnasium connected with the
 establishment, affords an agreeaLle and healthful
 indoor exercise. The scenery in this vicinity is
 picturesque and romantic. There are a variety of
 pleasant walks, sufficiently retired to allow the pa
 tients to enjoy their rambles without being exposed
 to public gaze or observation
 Among the complaints w hich are here successfully
 treated, are headache, tendency of blood to the head,
 cold extremities, general and nervous debility, bron
 chitis, pulmonary affection, liver complaint, jaun,
 dice, acute or chronic inflammation of the bowels
 piles, dispepsy, general debility, nervous and spinal
 affections, inflammatory and chronic rheumatism,
 neuralgia, sciatica, lame limbs, paralysis, fevers, salt
 rheuin, scrofulous and erysipelas humors.
 All persons who visit this establislunent for a
 course of treatment, should furnish themselves with
 three comfortables, three woollen blankets, one or
 two linen and three cotton sheets, two pillow cases,
 six or eight crash towels, some well worn linen, to
 cut for fomentations, an old cloak or mantle, an um
 brella, and a pair of slippers.
 Terms.—For treatment and board from $550 to
 §8 50 per week, payable weekly. For a patient
 (from choice or the nature of his complaint) occu
 pying a room alone on the first and second floors,
 $9 00—with room-mate, $6,50. For one alone on
 the third floor, $8 50—with room-mate, $5 50.
 Patients requiring extra attention or tire in tlieii
 rooms, (except for swathing purposes,) will furnish
 their own nurses and fuel, or pay an extra price.
 For patients receiving treatment at home, $1 00.
 Terms for examination, from $2 00 to $5 00.
 Post-paid letters, with one dollar enclosed, solici
 ting advice, will receive attention. Corresponding
 patients should be particular in stating their last
 treatment and its effects.
 DAVID KUGGLES.
 Northampton Mats., 1849.
 N.B. Visitors to the Establishment, from the
 ■sf.sfcte
 always be in readiness at the Northampton depot tc
 convey them hither. That the sick and nervous
 may not be disturbed after retiring, visitors arrivim.
 in the evening train are requestsd to take lodging
 at a hotel. 6
The human blood, in a normal and healthy con
 dition of the system, is in a positive state, whicl
 is constantly maintained by the activity of tin
 generating sources within—an excess generally pass
 ng off in silence from the cuticular surface, so tha
 out of 356 experiments made by Mr. Heinmer o
 England, upon the uncovered skin,” 322 indicate!
 the presence of positive electricitv. This surplusagi
 of the fluid upon the surface, we believe to be indi”
 pensable to the healthful condition of the wholi
 animal economy, and that when, from any cause, i
 is diminished or ceases, diseased action ensues.’
 See address delivered before the Medical College o
 Georgia, at the opening of its annual session, Nov
 8, 1847, by A. Means, A.M., M.D., Professor o
 Chemistry and Pharmacy, and Professor of Physica
 Science in Emory College, Ga., page 25
 Dr. John Forbes, editor of the British and For
 eign Medical Review, in an able article on the con
 dition and function of the skin, says: Perhupi
 there is scarcely any disease in which the fimc
 tion of the skin is not, to some extent, deranged
 lo what extent, physicians have not bestowed suf
 ficient pains to learn; nor have they been accustomec
 to give much attention to this part, in die practica
 investigation of diseases. Physiologv
 teaches us that it is die vehicle for conveying out
 of die system a large amount of matter, as well solid
 as liquid; and practical experience exhibits it asl
 the channel through which the nateriu morhi in
 many instances, and the burthen of plethora gene
 rally, find their exit.”
 The London Sun, alluding to the discovery ol
 voltaic electricity by Alfred Smee, Surgeon to the
 Bank of England, says: “By a test which lie terms
 electro-voltaic, he has satisfied himself th it die ter
 minatoins of the sensor nerves art positive poles o
 a voltaic circuit, while the muscular substance is the
 negative pole. The sensor nerves are tli« telegraph
 which carry the sensation to the brain, and the moto
 nerves carry hack the volition to the muscles.” Se
 N. Y. Tribune, April 7, 1849.
 Dr. Hollick, on the subject of electricity, remarks:
 There is no agent that affects the body more, both
 naturally and artificially. See his work on Neu
 ropath,, published ut Philadelphia ui 1847, p. 127.
 The lotlowiug extract is from an interesting arti
 cle on electricity, copied by the N. Y. Journal of
 Commerce from a foreign Scientific Keview: “I
 do uot pretend to say that a deficiency of electricity
 may not occur in one part of the human bodv, and
 an excess in some other part, for a time, and that
 this may not be die cause of disease, and die resto
 ration of the equilibrium the cure; I diink this most
 likely, and that it is upon this principle, in a great
 measure, that the wonderful effects,of efectri -mag
 netism, in the cure of disease, are to be explained.
 It is certain that, when our electrical machines are
 most actively productive, we all feel most vigorouii.
 Our nervous systems are then most firm; oor diges
 ive organa most active; our minds most clear.”
Asylum for the Sick who hare been con
 fined to their beds Iron 1 to 30 years.
 DR HAMILTON’S Hydropathic and Aayalvtic
 Aiyluai, No 217 Exchange Street, opposite the
 i Orphan Asylum, Rochester, S.Y. This Institution
 i *f now hrmJy established and in successful vpera
 i t on The proprietor analyzes erery diseas e:hat is
 j •dasuted there, and applies the natural arui appro-
 I priate remedy. Although water is used in erery wav
 applied in any water-cure establishment in
 I the L oiled States, yet the proprietor wishes it to be
 expressly understood that it is not relied on as the only
 or principal i emedy io the treatment of disease sub- 1
 muted to his care.
 This Establishment is designed lor that class ol
 invalids who hare failed to obtain their health by all
 other systems ef practice, and are still unable to
 walk or stand on their (eel, and are confined to their
 l wearing out a life ol"misery and suffering with
 °ut any hope of ever being any better.
 ibe remedies made use of in this Institution not
 ooly entirely remove disease but give increased
 and elasticity to the system. Many hare I
 been brought here from different parts of the coun
 try, who had neither walked or borne their weight
 on their feet from fire to fifteen years; aad some
 w Te beea amble to dress or undress, or even
 to feed themselves, and in the course of a few weeks
 would be walking with the elasticity of youth aad
 the quickness of a pedestrian, astonished at them
 ■chree, and surprising their friends aad all who saw
 them when they first came. The treatment of this
 Institution is particularly calculated to remove the
 peculiar to females, such as
 The felling of the Womb, ia all it* stages
 co qdit*ons hi patients, from twelve years of ase
 ***ty, *ed area if they hare bean —finr il u&gt;
 thru tads from one to twenty, unable to stand, walk
 or undress tbem*ehes, or even too feeble to
 bear any noise or apeak aloud.
 Id. Weakness aad Faihaf of the Bomb; Kin
 iiMjellklt. Sbiddw, B*«k and Hand' tfpiaai
 V*** tbuphisu, Sinking Wra—liua at
 iha Stomach, Palpitation at the Heart, Dymaparn
 »U »u forms aad Magee, Pib«, CosttrenensTSi!
into*, SfyiiMH of thi Mom, Ktcmin
 M-totiw, Wkrte*, ail Nervous Dim am*. CoU
 Pot aud Hands, 8c Anthony's Due*, Tetters of
 al kinds, Sak Rheum, in Hi wort* fcno, Neeml
 n, Tie Oodoorwa. Rheumatism, ©■■ramptied is
 its first Kyi, Omni Weakness od Debilfcj.
 The proprietor has given Me wkoit attention tc
 Ike above diseases for the laa* len years, and kw
 (rented tkam in me entirely different wav from uj
 other private practice or public Inetittoiou in At
 country; and rack baa bean his racceae, and an cer
 tain art kis remedie* in their effects on these dis
 eases, that instead of publishing a long list of err
 tided cures„he withe* to give that Hus of iavali«fe
 eeekiag to obtain their hearth a cnftcient guarantee
 against any false pretensions, exaggerntioe, impo
 sition «w deception, so that no one weed be to anj
 expense in this Imitation withont being baoefite*
 The proprietor will enter into a special contrac
 with any one who wishes to do so, that he will ad
 out into the Institution, to advance the monev am
 Siy ail the expenses from any part of the (’niter
 bites here ami back heme igaia, before he com
 me urea the treatment, and give a bond to board them
 together with hi* professional services, for nothing
 if he does not help them according to contract. An)
 one thinking the above proposition not a sufficism
 guarantee against mi si ep&lt; escalation* and expense
 without receiving equal benefit, can let the proprie
 tor know what wil. be satisfactory, and it shall bt
 duly considered.
 This Institution has grown up from privata prac
 tice by the iafinence of those who have been helped
 here, as nothing has ever been published before;
 and the proprietor means that it shall sustain itsel
 by its own merits, or pay the expense of tiiose win;
 choose to make a contract in case of failure. Tlx
 design of ibis Circular is not to make known tlx
 cures that have been made in this institution, becau.-&lt;
 they must soon be believed; but to let it be ram
 extensively known to the poor suffering invalid:
 that lmve spent hundreds of doMars in try ing ai
 oilier systems of practice, and without much or any
 benefit, and still remain confined to their beds froii
 five to twenty years, that theie is an Institutioc
 whose ireatmensxu different from any other one tlx
 United Stales, and is particularly adapted to theii
 situation, and can have it cost them nothing unlesi
 they are materially benefited.
 From the nature of treatment in this Institution
 the nnmber of patient* must be limited, therefore tlx
 proprietor does not solicit the patronage of slight am
 ordinary cases which may be easily helped by olhei
 systems of practice; nor does lie want any one t&lt;
 come, unless they wish to get well, and are willing
 to be made well enough to walk from five to twenty
 miles at a time, and follow it up day after day il
 succession; and also willing to be made able to en
 dure as much labor and fatigue as most of people
 that call themselves well, as he means that ever)
 one that goes through a thorough course of treatment
 in the Analytic Institution shall show by their in
 creased strength, elasticity of motion, firmness ol
 texture, capability of endurance, and improved
 health, that the treatment in this Institution is found
 ed on the natural laws of organized matter, and
 consequently its superiority over every otlier dif
 ferent system of practice.
 All communications addressed to Dr. THOMAS
 HAMILTON, Rochester, post paid, will receive
 immediate attention. If requested, reference will
 be made to those who liave been helped in this Insti
 tution and also good references as to responsibility
 orthe proprietor to meet tlx; above expenses if,'
 required.
 Halsted’s Eclectic Medical Institute,
 and Water-Care Establishment,
 THIS Institution has been in successful operalioi
 during fourteen years, for the cure of allChronii
 Diseases, and such as cannot be removed by medi
 cine alone.
 MORE THAN THREE THOUSAND Pa
 lients have been restored to health and usefulness
 by the treatment pursued at this Institution, wh&lt;
 could not find relief by any other course of medi
 i cine. Hundreds who had been confined to tiiei
 beds for years, and who were almost in despair
 have had renewed hope and courage when they hav,
 j learned that others, laboring under as many discour
 agements as themselves, have been cured bv tlii
 treatment after everything else had failed.
 Those who are laboring under CHRONIC, NER
 VOUS, or SPINAL difficulties, CURVATURE'S
 &amp;c., which produce symptoms oi almost all othe
 diseases, with their accompaniments—as DYS
 PEPSIA,RHEUMATISM,NEURALGIA, COS
 TIVENESS, LOSS OF .THE USE OF THf
 LIMBS, NUMBNESS, LOW SPIRITS, PAR
 TIAL INSANITY, and a host of other disease
 arising from the same cause—SPINAL WEAK
 l NESS, which they nor their physicians understand
 and which medicine alone will not cure—to sucl
 sufferers we would say, we are curing hundreds jus
 I like you every year. ‘Physicians bring their wive
 and children to iiave them cured—why not com,
 yourselves, and save life, time and money
 j \Ve (ire using water in ail Uie various ways u
 which it is applied in water-cure establishments ye
 we do not rely selely upon it, or upon medicines a
 they are generally understood and applied; hut a
 j COMBINED TREATMENT WITH ELECTRICITY
 and a new mode of application whicli truly is magi
 cal in its efficacy, and is always sure to cure, in on,
 halt the time it takes under any otlier treatment
 allowing that treatment to be successful, which ia no
 the case one time iri ten.
 Female Diseases.—Prolapsus Uteri (fallin,
 of the womb,) Leucorrhea, [whites] suppressed an,
 excessive menstruation, the diseases incident tf
 j that period known as the turn of life’—involuntary
 discharge of urine and injuries from Childbearing
 which are more frequent than Physicians are w illiuj
 to acknowledge, especially within their ow u practice
 Females frequently suffer for years from the disease:
 incident to tneir sex, and linger out a life of help
 leBsne«s and pain, wlicn a few weeks’ or at most
 few nionlhs’tieatineiit, would remove their difficulties
 and restore them to their families, with health u
 labor, to enjoy themselves, and to contribute to tin
 happiness of others. This has never failed to Lx
 accomplished in a single instance in this Institution
 however weak and helpless the patient may havi
 been on entering it. Many have come hundreds o:
 miles on beds, in easy chans, by boat, by carriag,
 1 and railroad, who had not walked for years. The*
 ladies liave walked miles daily before leaving th&lt;
 Institution. s
 Such is our knowledge and confidence in this unpan
 alelled treatment for all long standing or Chrome die
 eases, of whatever kind or nature, that we will offer tfu
 following U
 PROPOSITION:
 We will enter into a special written agreement unit,
 such as desire it, who enter the Institution, follow tfu
 rules and regulations, and go through the system oi
 treatment, to pay their travelling expenses to and from
 the Institution, and board, lodge and nurse them, ana
 give them our professional services, free of charge, ij
 they are not helped according to agreement. This it 11
 hoped Will put a stop to cries of empyricisin from
 i those interested m keeping patients under their own
 i charge, and will be a guarantee to those worn out
 by disease, who have spent much of their substance
 in procuring medicine, and seeking relief without
 finding it; that here they will not spend their monev
 will lout benefit, and that no false statements or im
 positions w ill be practiced upon them
 The modus operand, of curing Female difficulties u
 a new discovery and joactwed only at this Institution.
 Jhe most helpless and feeble cases, who have been ron
 fined for years, are relieved immediately, and if n,4 ore
 tented from walking by OTHER diseases, can go up
 and down stairs in 48 hours after commencing treatment
 without fear or tr'ruUe i n reg ard to their original dif.
 ficulty. To produce this almost instantaneous relief,
 the patient is subjected to no pain or inconvenience, and
 meveryinstame a speedy cure u perfremedy If any
 one doubts let them select the most trymgHnd ditfi.
 cult case Uuy can find, and test our i cracstv and skill
 Our TERMS are easy.
 N. B -Any one wishing to know more about our
 svrtem of treatment for Ltr.io disease* or any other
 difhcuitv can address us [post paid] and We will
 send them an account of the In.tjtut.on-Certificate*
 of cure official report of last year, foe., free of
 charge—together with the mo*i respectable refer
 ences m the city and country.
 P. M.—Our room is dm,ted, therefore we want
 none to apply that can be cured at home. We pride
 oursdves in curing what others are not fortunate
 enough u&gt; do.
 Communication* should be addressed loHalstf.d
 hm.L, Medical Institute, Rochester, N. Y., post
 **F*t'?*~*~+jm
 Kev. u. W. Montgomery Rochester, N. Y.
 “Every Min hh own Physicita.”
 the home doctor.
 TU3T PUBLISHED, a ne w and valuable booh
 V for every family ia the country, and one that may
 be consulted with perfect safety. As Us title page
 indicates, it M “THE HUME DOCTOR, or Family
 Manual, giving the causes, symptoms and ueaUueui
 of Diseases; with an account ol the system while in
 neaith, and rules for preserving that state. Appen
 ded to which are recipes for making various medi
 cine* and articles few diet few the swk room. The
 whole written (or general use and daiMpructic*, by
 John B. Newman, M. D.“
 *.-rt ’i b°°k, or separate, is
 THEHERB BOOK, a book devoted exclusively
 toHerfcs, giving their names, varieties, description,
 ■etßcsl properties and doses, use, time of gathering,
 and many other directions very useful for every lam
 •v written expressly for finally use.”
 Herb Book is devoted solely to Popular M*d
 cal Many, and will furnish on flat point all the
 information wanted foe general me.
 fke two books are put &lt;a&gt; and bound together and
 PnC C U or "faro*
 The symptoms of each disease are carefcly tivei,
 •o mat one may be recognized from aaotLe#, 7 JS
 rtut practising tu the dark; alas the
 sketch of general physiology, ami ruks for
 jwbralth, togsthsr^ithoSerMitionsew
 male tndJhrnaU* *W*Hair, for bqai
'Dm! hook hau&gt; been written wtflr gre«iear». u&gt;
 simple, conaM-MW style easily u&gt; bt
 it with entire confidence, it b*ing a work auTor
 Xarsvys.^ hookoftke k,=^
 Fw«ul.« in the counts, end especially iW fTr
 ,n «*u»«rw* and unhealthy eh mates, •hnuid
 "otfcil to procore a copy and hare it at all timet at
 7*”’ cknrtt M !h *7 n&gt;gbt thereby by
 **x simple remedy aare an expensi*# am) prntrar
 51 N Whether weU «hTb3[
 ■bouid be in e*ery house a* a safe and rare adriser
 in tune of need, the direction given for perama
 henlth cannot be too strietly attended to
 1 he price at which the book is sold u_. ih».
 Pbe book is pot up in Paper biadiw. aM t
 easily be sent by mail. Postage only 64cU„7
 aartofthe Lmted States.
 0» Any person sending os ra dollar by Mil arul
 pnd paying postage on the letter, shall hare’fo*
 copies sent him frtt of portage.
 Send in your orders#, there is no rink in sendiaa
 money by mail, it comes to u» daily, and the books
 alwM* reach destination.
 (Xr Four families can chib together and aeiwt
 &gt;loltar bill, and hare four books sent to one address
 ANTED Agents in roost of the States to wli
 this work, almost eeery family wiß purchase it if
 earned to their doora. A small capital of from JWn
 to £5O will be necessary for each agent. Adire««
 nottpaid, OEO. W. FISHER
 April 1,1849. 6 Exchange-si, Rocliester, N. V
1
 G. W. MERCHANT'S
 i: I, K H It A T K I*
 wangling 0i1..1
 OK HOICKS ,v mMW FI |s||
 laairiM i
UNPARAILED IN THE HISTORY OP
 MEDICINE
 AS THI MOST
 Remarkable External Application
 Erer Discovered!
 TIME and experience hare fully proved that tfos
 UNIVERSAL REMEDY ha* not its equal
 on the list of popular medicines, having been before
 the public for more than fourteen year*. Testimo
 ny of die most disinterested character of its won
 denul effects on the animal economy is almost daily
 presented to the proprietor. It is worthy of spe
 cial remark, that beside the great and extraordinary
 powers in the cure of 1
 DISEASES OF THE HORSE
 in which its virtues first attracted the attention of
 the Farrier and Farmer, and the wonder of the
 public generally, it has been successfully employed
 in a great variety of the uiajadies which
 AFFLICT THE HUM AX RACE.
 Ignorance of facts and philosophy, start at the
 assertion that any one remedy can possess within
 iu»-lf the virtue of curing many diseases. Experi
 enee of more than fourteen years has nevertheless
 established the fact, tliat Merchant’s Celebrated
 (largling Oil, or I uivrrsal Family Embrocation,
 will cure most liases and relieve such as the follow
 jPfS’ am&lt;&gt;n S many others in die cure of which this
 l ,aB been completely successful and in which oth
 er pretended remedies have completely failed-
 RHEUMATISM, painful nervous AF.
 feet ions, Bites ol Animals, Frost Bite*, Corns,
 Boils, Whitlows, Asthma, Bruises, Burns,
 and Scalds, Cramps, Strains, Sprains,
 fleers from local causes, Caked
 Breasts, Contractions of the mus
 cles,^Wounds, Swellings, Sic.
 Also a host of diseases
 in Horses and other
 animals,such as
 SPA VINS,
 Sweeney,
 RINGBONE,
 Windgall, Poll Evil,
 Ca ous, Cracked Heels,
 i. of all kinds,
 Fresh Wounds, Bruises,
 Fistula, Sitfast, Strains, Lameness,
 Sand Cracks, Foundered Feet, Scratches.
 |OR GREASE, MANGE, FARCY, $-c.,
 Numerous are the unsolicited statements of pa
 tients themselves,and others who have used the Oil,
 i of cures which in themselves appear so remarkable
 that were they at all interested in a pecuniary point,
 j they could hardly have been credited.
 The celebrated Dr. Parker also writes as follows
 Dear Sir: 1 have prescribed your Garglng Oil in
 various cases of
 PRACTiCAL SURGERY,
 as a liniment, with marked success, and would com
 mend it to physicians generally for external use in
 all contusions, tumors, sprains, white swellings
 and in all rheumatic affections, where external
 means are necessary As a discutient, it is harn
 ess where the lebrile symptoms have been reduced
 by general treatment. In such cases, it is the most
 efficient remedy within the circle of means uow in
 use.
 I would also recommend it to community at large
 as a sate and powerful remedy where there is no
 general fever in all the above diseases, to be used
 treely, and to counteract inlianimation in a remark
 j able manner, in bruised wounds it prevents swell
 ing, and consequent soreness in but weather.
 I- loin the peculiar nature of this Oil, and the
 unparalleled success it Irns met with in the hands ot
 RARMRR STAGE PRO
 rnit, 1 UR, it is but justice to say, that of the
 great number of medicines which have been offered
 none have been so well adapted to the prompt cure’
 of Diseases to winch Horses are liable; it has been
 very justly called a Complete Panacea for the Horse
 for instance, read the lollowing:
 TO OWNERS OF HORSES.
 This is to certify that I have had for many years the
 care ot from one hundred to two hundred horses
 and have made u»e of Merchant's Gargling Oil fbi
 two years past, and can safely say, that for all the
 diseases that horses are h a bis to, 1 never saw its
 equal. I use about one bottle per month, and re
 commend it to the public as the best medicine foi
 noises now in use. jr jj
 j All orders addressed to the proprietor will be
 promptly responded to.
 Get a pamphlet of the Agent, and see what won
 ders arc accomplished by ihe use of this medicine
 Sold by respectable dealers generally in the Uni
 ted tetales and Canada. 3
 PoiT Wjilis, Wm. Pitxi.v, L. B.
 Sway, Wiy slow Youno, H. D. Wadi.
 Koclieiter.
 ;l» 9 9- a&gt; r^ rd&gt; k Panderson, Clevs-
 I d ir D,n Son Columbus, O.; Gerdou
 Israel, Cincinnati, O.; McClure It Co, Albany
 Hollister Co, Buffalo; Greenman Jt Bmitb, Cu
 &lt;“a; P D Orris Si Co, Troy, NY. July lj-ffui.
 British Periodical Literature.
 Tke London Quarterly Renew, the Edinburgh Renew
 The North Brauh Renew, the Wutnuntttr Renew
 and Blackwood't Edinburgh me.
 f r H f* d «'»P« ad Of theee splendid per.odi-
 A cals renders u needless to say aiucli in their praise.
 A. literary organs, they stand far ,n advance ol
 any if. mg of the sort ik&gt;w pushed, while the poll!
 ical complexion of each .s marked by a digmtv.
 c-indor, and forbearance, «ot often found in work,
 ot a party character.
 They embrace the views of the three great parties
 •n England—Tory Whig, and Radical. Black
 wood and the London Quarterly are Tory the
 Edinburgh Review Whig; and the Westmin
 ster Review Radical. The Nonh R*-
 view is more of a religious character, having been
 originally edited by Dr. Chalmers, and now, since
 his death, being conducted by hw son-in- law Lh
 Hanna, associated with Hir David Brewster. |i.
 literary character «of the very bigbeni order. Tke
 Westminster, though reprinted uuoer that title oolv
 is pubtiaeed in England under the lute of The Foi
 eign Quarterly and Westminster—it being in fuel j
 union of the two Reviews formerly repub?isl*ed end
 reprinted under separate title*. It therefore
 the advantage by tins combination of an Aim m one’
 work the best feature, of both as heretofore
 I hr above Periodicals are reprinted in New York,
 Mamadiaielv on the,r arrival by the British steamer.,
 in a beautiful clear type, on white paper, and
 are fa.tblul copies of the original*, Blackwood 1
 «of Uw Edinburgh
 FKiCU run XH49, (ir tvincutfo ro/t t ailv
 F« m the foUr 93 00 per anmiu:
 Ear say two 50u^
 J or anj three 7 (J 0
 F° r ill? *OO
 for Black wood’s Magazine, X «i
 fZ SK WOO !i 3 Heview., 900
 For Blackwood the 4 Reviews, 10 00
 aymentt to be made in all casta in adcaru'
 CLUBBING.
 our copies of any or ail the above works will b
 '*J° °“f ddfeM on payment of the regular sub
 •ptioa for three—the fourth copy being gratis-
 EARLY COPIER.
 ft! L r f*?f*“* l the British publishers ol
 Black Wood s Magaxme secures to us early sheets id
 that work, by which we shall be able to place the
 entire number in the hands of nrbsrrihess before ssy
 port mu of it em be reprmted in any ef the Amsrkna
 For tiur autl ukr adviaU|c« wcii/ad to
 our subscribers we pay so large a consideration, that
 we uwy be compelled to raise the price &lt;4 the Map
 sine. Therefore we repant subscribe snrly while
 the price is low.
 Renuttnaeee and conuMucnuene should be always
 ad dram id, piws-paid or frnahnd.iy (he jwihlishsrs.
 v bcott 4 Co.
 TafiiwwwMgWfw iwis
