From the Liberator.
 Public Reception
 Of Wm. IV. Brtncn ,n the Mttropoh* of
 England.
 On Thursday evening, September the 2Tth,
 a public meeting was convened in the spacious
 an 1 elegant concert-room in Store street, I&gt;&gt;n
 don, for the purpose of greeting .\N
 Brown on hut arrival in England, as the rep
 resentative of the free jrersons of color in the
 United States, and to afford that gentleman
 an opportunity of gtving information relative
 to the present position of the ami-slavery cause
 hia native land.
 The hali was crowded m every part by a
 highly respeetahle audience. The Chair was
 occupied by the venerable leader in the cause
 of temperance in the metropolis, Dr. Oxlev,
 of Hackney, who was supported by Georg*-
 Thompson, Esq., M- i’., 'he Rev. \V Brock,
 (the distinguished Baptist Minister,) H. 1.
 Atkinson, E*q., the Honorary .Secretary o!
 the National Reform Association, D. McDon
 nell, an active.and influential member of the
 Council of the Reform League VV H. Ash
 hurst, Sen., of the Common Council of the
 City,) the Rev. Mr. McCree, W. Ge**siu.
 E-q., W. Farmer, Esq., Messrs. Gosbel!
 Mollett, McElvilcy, Ac., Ac., Ac.
 Dr. Oxley, in opening tiie proceedings
 *a.d I'he ohj*-cl oi our meeting te-nlgh
 will be fully stated by that warm, excelleu
 and devoieil ftwnd of humanity, Gemg*
 Thompson (loud aid prolonged cheering)
 but before 1 call wpon that gentleman, I wisl
 to make an nbservat on or two upon a aubjec
 which has been lately brought to my notice
 relative lo my excellent lnend I cai! him so
 for I had the pleasure and honor oi being vs
 sircialcd with him in London, and he has heei
 an inmate of iny house —I allude to halite
 Mathew. (liar, hear, and marks oi &lt;Sisap
 probation 1 am sorry to learn that he ha
 not had the m&lt; ral courage to stand lor war*
 m America, and lift tip Ins voice against tin
 cry nig national sin of slavery. (Cheers.)
 in my estimation, such conduct is a blot upoi
 the character ot Father Mathew, and it In
 were here, 1 would teli him so. (Cheers.
 1 love teeiotalisrn as dearly as father Math
 CW does; but if he were present, and couf
 hear inv voice, I, as a teetotaler, would tel
 him that I considered his recent conduct a
 the greatest hlot that could be affixed to hi
 character, (Hear, hear.) Having been ill
 companion of Father Mathew during his mis
 Sion hi London, 1 have felt myself bound t
 make ihis statement. (Loud cheers.)
 Mr. Thompson then came fmwaid. H
 begged to introduce Mr. Brown as a man i
 every respect worthy of the confidence
 that assembly, He (Mr Thompson) had fn
 soiin- years marked, through the public papers
 thccourse oi Mr. Brown in the foiled fetales
 and had seen him devoting his energies lo tli
 cause of ins enslaved brethren. On visiunj
 England, Mr. Brown had brought with bin
 a letter which he (Mr: T.) would shortly la;
 before the meeting; it was from the Brest
 dent of the Ametican Anti-Tlavery Societ;
 Society—a :i an (said Mr. T.) of whom
 can never speak but n terms of the highes
 admiration, and for whom I have long cherish
 ed an ardent and sincere affection, which
 cannot imagine any circumstance will eve
 have the power to diminish. 1 reler to tha
 undaunted vindicator of the rights of humani
 ty m America, William Lloyd Garrison—
 (enthusiastic cheering)—a man v. ho, twent;
 years ago, upon ins bended knees, devote
 Ins powers and faculties to the cause of th
 slave, and registered a vow,that while ii
 could obtain biead and water, he would n*
 cease to labor for the abolition of the uecurse
 custom of man-stealing and slavery in his nc
 live country. That vow lie has observed wit
 a fidelity which has never been exceeded b
 that of any reformer who evet appeared t
 bless the world. He has labored on, throng
 obloquy, peril and scorn, and lias now ill
 satisfaction of knowing that the cause he t
 early espoused is advocated by tens ol thou:
 aads throughout! America. To Mr. Gun
 son belongs the honor of having, to a grei
 extent, revolutionized the public sentiment*
 the free States of America. Hereafter h
 name will appeal first among the benefacto
 of ins country hut even now he comman*
 the respect of all who admire incorruptible n
 tegnt y and unbending principle, and rejoices
 the love and affection oi those who hat
 become associated with him in his works
 mercy, and have witnessed the hourly cons*
 ecralion of his talents to the good oi inai
 kind. (Loud cheers.) Mr. Thompson lilt
 read the teller ot Mr. Garrison, which spoli
 very highly of the moral character and mte
 lectual abilities of Mr. Brown. He (M
 Thompson) knew too well the teelmgs oi
 British audience to doubt for an instant the n
 tore of the reception which that assemb
 would give to Ins friend and brother when I
 rose. (Cheers.) lie (Mr. B row ii) was tl
 leg tinritc and national representative ot tl
 saves arid the free people of color in tin I t
 ted {states. Let your welcome to Mr. Brow
 (said Mr. Thompson) be less an act ot kin
 n and hospitality l&lt;&gt; him, than a public at
 n&amp;t onal recognition ol the claims ot thr*
 millions ot slaves to their lost freedom a&lt;
 the rights ot humanity. Let the hand v.
 gi&gt;e to Mr. Brown, be given as to the GbO
 000 free persons of color scattered over tl
 Western, Northern and Eastern ISiai&lt;», win
 though not property, as are the slaves, ai
 compelled to feel the weight ot a chain i
 galling, almost, as that which is worn by th
 bondmen of the South—l iefcr to the lettci
 that are forged by prejudice. Belt* Id. tliei
 in our friend, the representative of those i
 America, who, no matter what tLeir virtues
 their talents, or their piety, are the victims
 a cruel, inhuman and unchristian pnjudic
 against the color of their skin.
 Mr. Thompson was litre interrupted b
 loud cries of no, no,’ uttered Unto ihe t,od
 of tire ball by a gentleman of somewhat ans
 to ratic appearance ai d military bearing
 weatmg a black moustache.
 Mr. Thompson. I find there is a d-sen
 tient in the hall. I wi'l therefore justify wha
 I have asserted by facts of the most receu
 date. We have a fugitive from slavery fieri
 to-night of him I will say nothing he iiu
 age and can speak for hims€;t, Some t.u*
 ago there was another fugitive from Amen
 can slavery amongst us a man who bad beei
 horned by blood-hounds in the Southern {State
 of America but who. animated by a buininj
 detire for liberty, and guided by the poor
 providence of God and the rays of the Nortf
 Star, touched at last the son of Maosaehu
 setts, where, thanks to the lieroic lab*rs ol
 Mr. Garrison and his coadjutors, the slave
 holder is now in more danger than the slave.
 This man came to this country. Though
 there is not an orator in England by whose
 pads that man would appeal to disadvantage
—ihoujli richly endowed by nature, and hit
 native tftlenia tnlttvatcd by practice since h»
 scape from slavery—thoughwielding an at
 most divine |MMBer for cbanfirig at once tb&lt;
 judgn«Mrt»* and feeling* of hi* bearer*—tba
 man wan, even in the poHahed cuie* of th*
 free State* of America, dragged from th*
 railway car*—classed w ith hotae* and pig* or
 I *ard steamboat-, and excluded from alliht
 usual placet of public resort a* a proscribed
 and hated negro. (Loud cries of Shame.*)
 On hi* way to this country, he was subjected
 |to ihc most brutal treatment at the hande ot
 Ins white countrymen, who were his fellow
 passengers and though while here he
 entertained a* a distmguiahed guest by the
 Mayors ot metropolitan cities, yet, no toonc
 did he again come in contact with hi* pale
 faced countrymen, though it was on ihe deck
 of a British Mail Steamer, than he was rob
 bed of the berth for which he had paid ;—ex
 cluded from the table of the Saloon balush
 ed fiom the quarter-deck, and seot, like a pa
 riah or a leper, to live in solitude until the
 veißil readied its destination. (Groans, his
 ses, and cries of Shame.') But 1 will take
 a still more recent case. Perhaps the honor
 able gentleman who tntetrupted me has as
 cended, as 1 have done, the magnificent Hud
 son, in one of those floating palaces which
 ply upon that river?
 The gentleman. I hive.
 Mr. Thompson. ery good; well, the
 man of whom I have been speaking, and thai
 man is Frederick Douglass—(loud cheers)
 I perceive you have not forgotten my friend
 i how could you 1 No one who has ever hsien
 ed to the thrilling tones of his voice can evet
 forget him. Did that man possess a white
 skin, he would take Ins star.d by the side oi
 the Clays, the Bentons, the Everetts and the
 1 Wcbsters of his country and he is worthy
 to do so. But God has chosen, w ithout leave
 i asked and obtained from the President ot
 J America, to give him a colored -complexion,
 and for this lie was only a few short months
 j ago, treated worse than a cur would have
 i been treated, on board one ot the Hudson
 steamers. Coming down from Albany to
 h _ New York, in company with two English
 friends—ladies of accomplished manners, and
 i&gt; high respectability in ibis city he was, from
 six in the morning until the arrival of the
 e boat at New York, compelled to fast, being de
 nied, with insult and brutality, even a biscuit,
 t by the stewards of the vessel. (Loudcriesol
 r Shame.*) Yet, the gentleman now presr ni
 denies the existence of a cruel and inhuman
 p.ejudice against color. Has he never seen
 b d boa id over the entrance to a place of public
 l amusement in Ameiica with these words, No
 i dogs nor negroes admitted Is not the col
 ored man exiled to the Negro's pew,’ in the
 building called the bouse of God? Has he
 i never heard of the ‘Jim Crow Car, altache&lt;l
 I to the railway train. Is he ignorant of the
 t paitial or entire exclusion of colored men
 from the rights of citizenship in the ftee
 I States? Will he assert that the schools of
 i Massachusetts, supported by the taxes ot the
 i people, are open to colored children as well as
 i white I know not whether our dissentient
 fm nd is or is not a citizen of the United
 i Suites, but he tells me has been in that coun-
 II try, and tie must therefore know full well,
 e that there is not anything more notorious oi
 e UU)re obvious than the existence and constant
 ,l manifestation of prejudice against color. 1
 il 1 the gentleman still denies this fact, and wil
 ascend this platform, and state the case as lit
 ti views it, I will promise him an attentive hear
 V ing, and will debale with him the question ai
 o issue. He shall find in me a courteous anc
 h honorable, though a fearless and uncomprom
 e i s m g opponent. (Loud cheers and cries o
 Oi‘Go to the platform.’) Let me now again re
 i- refer to Mr. Brown, and ask you to prove, by
 i- youi reception of him, your love for the causi
 uof itmse he comes to represent. There car
 if be nothing more effectual done to aid tha
 is cause than to welcome fugitives from slavery
 's amongst uk, and thus show to the America!
 Is people that the very human beings whou
 i- they place upon the auction block, and sell ai
 ii cattle, whom they hunt with bloodhounds ant
 e lacerate with cart-whips, and brand with ho
 &gt;f irons, and degrade belo.v the level of human
 j iVi are recognized here as men and brethren
 i- and their society preferred before that of tin
 11 most intellectual and worthy of the oppress
 e ors. (Loudcheers.)
 *J,nud calls from all parts of the meeting fo
 r. the American apologist to ascend the plattorm
 a w Inch request he at first declined to accedi
 to, Init ultimately, at the solicitation of th.
 Chairman, the gentleman accepted the invi
 taiion, and, amidst loud cheers, took his sea
 ie near Mr. Thompson. Having been calle.
 i t forward by the Chairman to address the meet
 ing, he rose and slated that his name was
 Geo. Jones—that he would yield to n&lt;
 man m eiihu-r hemisphere in his love of liber
 tv in i’s most enlarged sense. He was ai
 S- Englishman by birth, as his name certified
 ,i but bad lived m Boston, in America,for eight
 ee i years. He there ore from that platforn
 bad some right lo be considered as addressing
 d t urn wilb truth as well as Mr. Thompson.—
 u The negaiive wliich he (Mr. Jones) had giv
 en to Mr. Thompson was on t matter of fact
 and if he had misunderstood the honorabU
 sp-aker, lie was soirv lor it; allpeisons wert
 liable lu e*r in hearing as well as in speaking
 e hut he had understood Mr. Thompson dis
 s ic.clly to say, that in the Eastern States oi
 Amer c-i, the prejudice against the colorec
 people was as galling —that was the phras*
 —as slavery itself; aud he made a eompaii
 i, son between the slavery of the Sou then
 States and the prejudice of the others.
 Mi. Thompson. That is coned.
 1 J
 f Mr. Jones said, if so, he would deny it from
 personal observation. Mr. Daniel Webslet
 e was tns (Mi. Jones) personal Inend, and the
 last glass of wine lie took the day before he
 y ft America in the drawing-room of Mr.
 Webster. He (Mr. Jones) said di9tmciiy,
 tit it the coloied pdoplc nevet did pass through
 the city of Boston meeting with frowns from
 the Americans, and tie called on Mr. Brown,
 —in testimony to whom tie (Mr. Jones)
 would join hands with the meeting, —but he
 called up*/n hnu to contradict the assertion.
 1 The anniversary of Amencan Independence
 i was on the 4th day of July, and the
 anniversary of the abolition of slavery
 in the State of Massachusetts was on
 ’lie 14th of July, and he would call upon Mr.
 i Brown to state whether the colored people
 mere bad not iheu pi occasion on that day h&gt;r
 i celebrating their emancipation, ten days after
 ’tic anniversary ot the Declaration of Inde
 pendence. That fact tie would dare the gen
 Berrien to negative in reply. He would alsu
 I give another proof of the non-exutence of
 prejudice against color, which Mr. Thomp-
 Mjn, with all tua eloquence, could not gainsay
 he alluded to the fact that ihe chaplain of the
 -Senate ol M-maachuseit* was changed every
 r non ill, and the minister* were taken in roia-
 Utlon and the Rev. Mr. Paul, whom they,
 must all koow, aince they vindicated the nc-’
 gro, was a negro preacher in Boston, and 1
 never desecrated hi* polpitby receiving a
 vyhiut SMfi into h—ltttt that Vtdowd pram her j
had a seat io tire Senate of the coontry, *wi
 op hit prater* to God in charily. H*
 (Mr Jones) had beet attracted by the trow
 ‘Freedom’ at the 40or of the meeting, and
 bad therefore entered It, and he declared that
 the state of the negro in the East wa* not aa
 gal'ing a-« in the South. He made that de
 claration not only before that meeting, but be
 fore his God. He aaaerted that the charge
 was the meeting would pardon himi:
 he would not utteT the word In* heart woulo
 dictate, for lie te mem be rod be waa before a
 public assembly. He had also
 years in the South, in uginia, and had been
 entertained there by gentlemen, although they,
 knew he was oppoaed to slavery on pnnoiple-
 He was not less happy in his residence there
 slaves there had bought their freedom:
 there woiked as mechanics they had Satur
 day for tbetr overwork, and their time was
 paid for in gold aod in the savings bank
 ny ot them had enough to purchase their free
 dom, but they would not do it. This was
 the case of Col. Myer*s tobacco manufactory,
 w hich had 300 colored people in it. He (Mr.
 Jones) abbot red slavery on principle, but lie
 objected to misrepresentation. When Mr.
 Charles Dickens published lus wotk on Amer
 ica, some years since, be had stated that it
 w as a common practice of the slaveholders to
 pod out the teeth of their slaves as a punish
 ment for having stigmatized the Americans
 in that manner, he (Mr. Jones) had refused
 to give his hand to that excellent writer.
 trusted the meeting would pardon him for
 having expressed himself warmly; while be
 was an Englishman here, he was also a citi
 zen of the United States. Hi* public life
 w as his pledge for him .that in England and
 America, he had endeavored, on all occasions,
 to defend the wronged and vindicate the op
 pressed, and he was doing so at that time.—
 He had come as a stranger to the meeting,
 having no right to the platform. [Hear.]
 He thanked Mr. Thompson for his courtesy,
 and the Chairman for his fait play in having
 given him an opportunity to make that speech.
 He only rose to vindicate his negative to thej
 statement made by Mr. Thompson relative to
 the poiats he had refetred to with that ex
 ception, he had given the same British hearty
 applause which throughout they had given to
 the noble sentiments of his opponent.
 Mr. Thompson rose and said,he could neith
 er retract nor modify a single word he had
 i uttered respecting the prejudice against color
 hi the United Slates. (Cheers.) Notwith
 btanding what Mr. Jones had said of Boston,
 e r Thompson) would arflira that even in
 i that city, the colored man was the victim of a
 pieiudice, which in its effect upon the mind of
 a sensitive and educated person was .as gall
 ing as slavery itself to one of less susceptible
 mind. (Cheers.) Let us, he continued, try
 Boston by a test which, better than any other,
 perhaps, will decide the question between me
 and my opponent. If there is a place on
 which men should assemole as on a common
 level; from winch pride and prejudice should
 be banished; where conventional distinctions
 should, tor the ume, be obliterated, that place
 is the sanctuary —for there tve meet as the
 children of one father, and as heirs of the
 same promise. "VV heiher as sinners or saints,
 we aie equal, and the consciousness of com
 mon necessities and common hopes should
 leaeh us to fling away the prejudices and pre
 possessions w Inch we are prone to cherish in
 ihe world. How stands the case in Boston I
 Why, 1 will undertake to say, that there is
 not a church in that city, unless one formed
 tm anti-slavery principles, in which a colored
 man can hold anduccupya pew in the body ol
 the building erected for public worship. An
 1 instance did once occur of a colored citizen
 becoming the proprietor of a pew, but his ap
 pearance in it threw the whites into conster
 nation, and the man and his family were per
 seemed until the property was relinquished.
 Mr. Jones cannot point me to a religious de
 nomination in Boston, that, as such, hai
 opened ns doors to the colored man, and ad
 mitted him on terms ot perfect social equality
 Episcopalians, Presbyterians, Congregational
 lsis, Methodists, Baptists, Unitarians, Swe
 denborgians, and Uuiversahsts, are aliki
 guilty in this matter. And if such is the ex
 ample set by professing Christians, what cai
 we expect from those who have no reverenci
 for religion, and no respect for the principle!
 of Christianity
 Mr. Brown, on coming forward, was greet
 ed with loud applause, which lor a lime pre
 vented him from proceeding. He presume*
 they had all heard something of the 4 pecu
 liar institution’ of America, from which h
 had so unceremoniously giaduated. (Laugh
 ter.) In the first place, what was the slaver;
 of the United States? So much was sail
 about American democracy, American repub
 licanism, American philanthropy, and Amer
 ican Christianity, that when American slave
 ry was spoken of, people generally suppose
 that slavery, amid all those glorious institu
 tions which they heard so much about, mut
 be rather better than slavery in any other poi
 tion of the world. But what was the fact
 Was it so Why, the slave of the Unite
 States w as a chattel a thing, a saleable cotr
 mod itv, without any legal right to own him
 self, oi to receive the avails of his labor; dt
 pnved of the privilege of protecting bimsel]
 bis wife or children. He spoke not from the
 I ory or hearsay, but from actual experience
 when he thus described the workings of th
 j slave system in America. He was not onl
 i an American slave, but the son ot an Amer
 1 can slaveholder and they would see in th
 latter fact another hideous feature of th
 damning system of slavery. (Hear, hear.
 The slave in the United States was unprotee
 ed by law or public sentiment, and occupie
 the same position as a man’s horse or dog.-
 In Si. Louis, from which he had escaped, th
 horse in fact received more protection than Ih
 slave, lor if the quadruped was unmercifull
 beaten, an action might be brought against th
 man for the offence but it a slave was flog
 1 ged with however much severity, a cry wj
 j immediately raised among the bv-standert
 '‘Give it the nigger! give it him!’ (Heai
 hear.) If awlave feels that God has give
 him a right to occupy a higher position tba
 merely toiling for the man who claims to ow
 both bis body and soul, aod attempts to mak
 bis escape, ihe bloodhounds are put upon hi
 track, and if caught, he is dragged back agai
 into slavery, thrown into a dungeon, torturec
 and finally aold from his wife and chiidrer
 and sent lo be worked upon a cotton, sugai
 nr rice planUi:on in Louisiana or Miasissipp
 1 (Hear.) The Constitution of the Unite
 States made a man in Boston a slaveholder i
 common with John C. Calhoun of Sout
 Carolina. Every citizen of the Unite
 Stales was bound by the Constitution of th
 country, in the event of the slaves atterap
 ingto get their liberty, to take up the rauski
 and shout down those poor slaves. The la&lt;
 of 1793 gave the slaveholders a right to g
 mio the free States to catch slaves and dra
 them back again to bondage. Why, as l
 Boston, the citizens of that place, only si
 vears ago, paid $4OO for the purchase
 George Laitimer, as he was being dragge
 away, within the very sight of Bunker Hil
 t&lt;&gt; slavery in Virginia. Another law forbad
 the men of Boston to feed escaped slaves ui
 der a penally of 500, and the costs of ptm
 t ecuiion. The Americans bad introduce
 slavery into Mexico, w here it had before bee
 abolished, and were at that time attempting!
 get possession of Cuba, for the same parpoa
 of extending the slave system. In Cuba, th
 Americas prejudice against color dad notes
 iat, and colored men were allowed to fill post
 in the army and elsewhere. He had been re
 fused a passport to come to Europe, whic
 the American Secretary told him waa neve
 granted except to the servants ot diplomat!
 agents, while at the same time a regala
 pasaport waa grantedao the boot-black of i
 slaveholding Judge who was goiaf oat as Coe
 aul to Naples.
 Mr. Btrewn then narrated several fieri aj
 instance* of prejudice against color, io eoofii
 maima of Mr. Thumpaoo's assertion, wbici
 Mr. Jones had denied. Io Rowe street cbntci
 in Boston, which had not been bail! abovi
 two years, it »n provided in the dead, that i
 a paw waa apU to a soiorU mas, the mk
should be nail ted vdi. [A p
 judico against color is that. Mr. J—f&gt;.') Tbe
 ■sine exclusive, degrading and gm securing
 system prevailed is repaid to edufominn, tbe
 children of colored peraooa bt-ing exdodtd
 from ibe common school*- enes
 of ‘Shame'’ ‘Ns prejudice id that. Hr.
 Jooeet*
 Alluaion (acid Mr. Brown) was made a!
 tbe commencement of tbe meeting to the la
 mentable cooductof Father Matthew. [Hear,
 bear. A voice—‘Give it him!’ Laughter.]
 No one regrets more than I do that he should
 have thrown his io(fiuei)ce into the scale of
 American slavery. [Hear, bear.] The cir
 cumstance proves, however, the baleful effect*
 which slavery exeits over every individual
 who cornea within tbe sphere of ha influence.
 Here is a man who, in 1812, in conjunction
 with Daniel O’Connell. **°l f° rl b an address
 to America, signed by 70,000 Irishmen, cal
 liog upoQ ikeir countrymen in the United
 States to take sides with the abolitionists, and
 have nothing at all to do with pro-alavery peo
 ple, as far as their influence was concerned
 telling them that the abolitionists were the
 friends of the negro, and calling upon them to
 join them bean and hand; and telling them,
 moreover, that they must oot even keep neu
 tral, for there was no neutral ground upon the
 anti-slavery platform. (Hear.) That man
 goes to America, breathes its corrupting air,
 and mark! —in a moment he is paralyzed he
 can do nothing whatever for the poor slave
 whom he had before recommended to the zeal
 ous support of his countrymen in the United
 -States. (Hear.) He was called upon by the
 slave, in the pernors of the Anti-Slavery
 Committee, to attend a t irst of August meet
 ing in celebration of that British West India
 Emancipation which he himself had labored to
 bring about. What aashis reply? ‘lcannot
 commit myself while in Amenca.’ (Loud
 groans, his&amp;s, and marks of disapprobation.)
 The slave comes upon his bended knees to
 this Irish apostle, and tells him that his wife
 has been torn from him and carried into the
 most miserable bondage reminds him, ‘You
 called upon your Irish brethren in America to
 stand fast by the Abolitionists we now only
 ask you to practice in America what you
 preach in Ireland.’ He turns round and says,
 he cannot have anything at all to do with
 j anti-slavery in America! (Hear.) And why I
 He had a few days before received an invita
 tion from our slaveholding President to be
 come his guest while visiting Washington.—
 (Hear, hear, hear.) Yes, he had received
 an invitation to the White House and he im
 mediately throws himself and his influence in
 to the of the elave power. Samson was
 never more thoroughly shorn of his physical
 strength by throwing himself into the lap o(
 Delilah, than was Father Matthew shorn o!
 his moral influence by his apostacy to the an
 ti-slavery cause. (Loud cheers.) The man
 who in Ireland, seven years ago, said thai
 slavery was a high-handed sin, has found out,
 since he has reached America, that there is
 nothing in Scripture against slaveholding.—
 (Cries of‘shame.’) It might not be just in
 me to express my warm feelings upon that
 point, and therefore 1 will quote your own
 Cowper, who has said,
 Of all the arts sagacious dupes invent.
 To cheat themselves, and gain the world’s assent,
 '1 he worst is Scripture warped from its intent.
 Those men go wrong who with ingenious skill
 Bend the straight rule to their own crooked will,
 And will) a clear and shining light supplied,
 First put it out, then take it for their guide.’
 (Cheers.) He (Mr. Brown) had been asked
 why he had come to England! His answer
 was, in the first place, that he might, for the
 the first time in his life, stand upon a soil that
 was really Iree. (Cheers.) He wanted to
 see the people who had knocked off the chains
 from 800,000 of his brethren in slavery. Oh,
 what a glorious atmosphere was England
 Just tbe very breathing of it so expanded the
 limbs of the slave that the chains that had
 hound him for thirty years burst asunder He
 wished that every slave and slaveholder in
 America could see that meeting. Aoothei
 reason why he came to England was to agi
 tate the question, and endeavor to build up
 public sentiment there so that Englishmen
 would say to Americans, ‘lf you wish to be
 1 thought ol as other nations, never again send
 a slaveholder to represent you in the Court ol
 1 St. James.’ He wanted a public sentiment
 raised up in England, which should point the
 finger of scorn at ev&lt;-ry slaveholder who dared
 to pollute its soil. The welcome which the
 1 people of England had extended to him (Mr
 Brown) would be appreciated by the 3,000,
 i 000 slaves and the 600,000 colored freemer
 as an honor done to them. All men had no l
 t acted as Father Matthew had. There wa;
 1 one man who, fifteen years ago, went fron
 that country to America to agnate the ques
 tion of slavery, and although he rose oru
 morning and found, in the pious city of Bos
 1 ton, a gallows erected before his door, as i
 warning to him to stop agitation upon tha
 t subject, yet he refused to close his lips upor
 the question, and in the meeting that g;we hiir
 (Mr. Brown) a farewell in Boston upon leav
 1 ing America, three of the loudest, longest
 and heartiest cheers that were given on tha
 occasion, went up for that man —and that mar
 was George Thompson! (Loud and prolong
 ed cheering.)
 Mr- Brown concluded a long and most elu
 quent speech amidst reiterated cheers.
 B The following resolutions, drawn up by
 y Mr. Farmer—the first moved by H. T. Atkin
 son, Esq-, and seconded by W H. Ashurst,
 e Esq.; the second moved by D. McDonnell
 e Esq., and seconded by William Geesin, Esq
 —were adopted with cordial unanimity
 Resolved, That this meeting tenders its
 d warmest, and most cordial congratulations u,
 Mr. William Wells Brown upon his arrival
 e in England, bevond the reach of the American
 e man-stealer. That, animated by the common
 y feeling of Englishmen, they indignantly repu
 e diate the doctrine of the inferiority of the Af
 rican race, and on behalf of this nation public
 s ly give to Mr. Brown, as a representative ol
 f his oppressed people, an unreserved recogm
 tion of his right to perfect social, political and
 n religious equality a right received from the
 n hands of his Creator, but of which he was
 n impiously robbed by nominal Republicans and
 e Christians in Amenca. That having, in the
 providence of God, achieved his own deliver-
 D ance from slavery, and resolved to consecrate
 tbe emancipated energies of his mind, and the
 influence of his moral character, to the cause
 of the redemption of bis three million of breth
 ren in bonds, this meeting welcomes him to
 d the metropolis of England, and bids him God
 n speed in bis holy mission on both aides of the
 Atlantic.
 Resolved, That in the deliberate and deci
 e ded opinion of ibia meeting, the claim of pr«&gt;p
 erty in man, either as practically asserted in
 the Slave Stales of the American Union, or
 as conventionally abetted in the free, is a fear
 -0 ful invasion of the prerogative* of God, and
 E wholly incompatible with the religion ot
 Christ, whether professed by individuals or
 communities. That while anxiously desirous
 'J of rendering a full and respectful acknow led 6
 mem of whatever is honorable in tbe national
 character of a people having a common origin
 e with themselves, the lequirements of truth
 h and justice demand from Englishmen a sor
 r rowful but empbatie declaration, that ihe eon
 d sttuiuonal aad legislative establishment ol
 9 slavery, in any country, is a virtual deotruc
 u tion of its claim to be regarded by the world
 e as a really free, independent and enlightened
 8 nation. That this meetiog cordially aympa
 ibises with the self-sacrificing efforts of ihe
 American Anti-Slavery Society, and ezpress
 e* a fervent hope that ita exertions may speed
 -1 ily issue in tbe removal of this national stigma
 r from the American character.
 E
 r Aii Oajcuui. Wax.—The following is a
 1 copy of a will left by a man who chose to bo
 his own lawyer;
 This is the last will of me, John Thomas.
 1 give all my things to my relations, to
 bo divided among them the beat way they
 eaa.
 i “N. B.—lf anybody lucks op a row, or
 makes any fmm about it, ho iaa’t to have
 “ffiSgwd hymn, Jo* Tmui n
THE NORTH STAR.
ROCHESTER. OCTOBER 26. 1849.
TW NaiMi Le»«w.
 It is astonishing an 4 mortifying that the
 people of all others under the broad canopy ol
 beaten, who ought to be the moat united, pre
 sent to the world the leant evidence of that
 union. Smarting under wrongs, and denied
 rights which should cause all bearta to throb
 together, as the heart of one man, in a com
 mon effort to redress those wrongs, and to
 achieve those rights, we are yea a disunited,
 separated, and scattered people, and we pre
 sent to the world no grand movement, nor
 comprehensire scheme fot bettering onr con
 dition.
 Without wishing to censure unjustly, or
 to compare unwarrantably, we do think,
 that a cause like ours, were it in the hands ol
 any other people, would certainly rally
 larger numbers, excite a deeper interest, and
 obtain a belter sup|&gt;ort than now falls to its
 lot. It is always grievous to be compelled
 to speak in disparagement of an oppressed
 people: if we ever do so, it is with a view
 of inciting them to make the needful exer
 tions for their deliverance and this is the
 only apology we deem necesary.
 There is not an intelligent colored man in
 the land who does not know that the colored
 people in this country need organization and
 it has been a cause of deep grief to the noble
 minded among us that no efToit has been made
 for a general organization, by which the mor
 al power of our people could be made avail
 able to our cause. Go where we will we
 hear a general lament that we are a disuni
 ted people yet how few there are who have
 the energy and the will to remedy the evil of
 which all su readily complain.
 On the 10th of August last, we suggested
 the rough outline of a Constitution, which
 should serve as a landmark to those of our
 people, who are desirous to secure an
 union of the oppressedfor the sake of free
 dom,” and although a few among u 3 have
 readily and wholly responded to our sugges
 tion, the overwhelming mass have remained
 silent as the grave on the subject. The Im
 partial Citizen,” e dited by a colored man. did
 not even notice it. The Ram's Horn.” hau
 been dumb over it. Very few of our public
 men have, as yet, given to the idea the slight
 est encouragement. Pittsburgh, that should
 always be ready to speak, as she always has
 an opinion, has been silent. Cincinnati!, con
 taining a colored population as intelligent,
 active, and wealthy as any in the country,
 has not lisped a word, pro or con, on the sub
 ject. New York, as usual, has nothing to
 say.
 What can be the cause of this apparent in
 difference Can it be that the professions of
 regret with which we meet, from time to
 time, that there is not an union among the
 colored people, are false and hypocritical
 Can it be that the profession is put forth
 merely as a cloak for indifference and indo
 lence? We cannot believe it. The true rea
 son of the apparent general apathy and uncon
 cern with which the idea of a National League
 has been received by the people, must be
 lound in the fact, that the subject has not been
 (airly brought before them. Our leading men
 have not taken it up, nor pressed its impor
 tance upon them. In addition to this, we
 have reason to believe that sectarianism is
 not among the least of the causes of the hes
 itation and coldness with which the move
 ment has been received. Colored people, m
 common with white people, have their differ
 ent religious creeds and sects to support—
 nor are we disposed to quarrel with them on
 that account; but when they allow their re
 ligious differences to stand in the way of prop
 er efforts for their enfranchisement, they, at
 1 once, become suitable objects for exposure
 and rebuke.
 There isnothing, necssanly, in a difference
 of religious opinions, to divide us on subjects
 pertaining to our civil, social, and political
 rights and relations but, in the causes that
 separate us, there is something more difficult
 and bitter than mere differences of religious
 opinions —it is the bigotry of sect —so nar
 row and neat-sighted that it can see good no
 where beyond the limits of its own particular
 communion. It is this ignorance and intole
 rance that stand directly in the way of that
 union so devoutly to be wished” for.
 There is that among us, as among other peo
 ple, which leads us to reject a thing, good tn
 itself, merely because the person, or the par
 ty bringing it forward may entertain opinions
 on other subjects not stamped with orthodoxy.
 We have among us, our little Popes and
 Bishops, who claim and assume to decide lor
 the colored people what shall be the religious
 opinions of those who undertake to instruct
 them. Such men love the uppermost seats
 in the synagogue, and they will have tliem oi
 they will have will have nothing. But it is
 not our purpose to give an expose of the hin
 drances with which oar ptoposed movement
 must contend. We see no impediments but
 what may be easily removed. It is impossible
 to keep a people asunder for any long time,
 wbo are so strongly and peculiarly identified
 together, when there i* a vigorous effort nude
 to unite them. We shall never despair of
 our people—an union shall yet be effected
 our ranks cannot always be divided. The in
 juries which we mutually suffer —the con
 tempt in whieh we are held —the wrongs
 which we endure, together with a sense of
 our own dignity as men, must, eventually
 lead ua to combine. It will one day, become
 obvious to all, that the evils that afflict ua all,
 require the united strength of all for their xe
 moval. At preseoi we as a people, do uot feel
 nor see this. We have not yet learaed the j h
 losophy of reform —nor the appreciation of
 moral forces. There are many among us
 who easily perceive the change going oo in
 oar condition and eitcumetaneea, bo* wbo
 have not the meat remote conception of the
 means by whieh this change ia effected. Of
 the action of mod upon mind they are whol
 ly ignorant. Tell such persons that's well
 written address, emanating from a colored
 mao, setting forth the wrooga of his people,
 aod pleading for their rights, serves to ele
 vate and improve the condition of the whole
 cobred population aod tbs thing ia so en
 tirely above their eomprebenaioo, that it does
 not avaa raw in their eaumauoa to the dignity
 of an idle tala. TeU them that a grand con
 vention of oolored persona, amamhlad frets
 all quarters ef the Northern States, in one el
 ear large cities, with its proceedings efcsr
 ■nterimd by imeftigence, canortaess, tad
vMMM tummaod a Infer share of re
 |*b3L *»f m$ wkole people ihta is now ext wa
 led m ufl; and they cannot understand it.
 n*y pan tasilr see tint m man can be knock
 ►d do wo by brute force; that, if the saves
 •me ibje to conquer the country they might
 «c free; but they cannot comprehend that by
 ihanging the moral sentiment of the nation,
 »e change it* institutions.
 Ot course in the formation of the National
 league, it will be idle to iouk to this class
 or co-operation. The success of th* nwvc
 nent will drpend entirely upon the intelligent
 uid philanthropic portion ofourpeopk. To
 his class we shall look; —it is upon tlieit
 norsl and intellectual power that the league
 must rely ;—since it is they alone who can
 ?*ert any considerable influence upon the pub
 lic mind. To this class, therefore, urc appeal.
 Let us hear from th&gt;m. Let no one hesitate
 10 speak because he may think he sees insur
 mountable difficulties in the way of the move
 ment. We uant discussion —tee t cant ac
 tion —ihe former must precede the latter.
 We call upon Pittsburgh, Cincinnati, New
 York and Boston, to hold public meetings,
 and to express their opinions freely on the
 wisdom and desirableness of such a combina
 tion as that proposed under the title of the
 Rational League.'' Philadelphia, Chicago,
 Buffalo and Albany hare already spoken, and
 will undoubtedly, stand ready to give the
 measure their warmest and most energetic
 support. A Grand Convention in which
 these cities with others, are largely represen
 ted by the wise and the good, would pruduce
 a thrilling effect and a lasting impression on
 the public mind.—/. d.
 Education among the Coloied People.
 One of the most gratifying and encoura
 ging signs of the times is the interest at pres
 ent manifested in the important work of ed
 ucation among the colored people. The time
 was when this subject scarcely excited any
 attention among our white fellow country men.
 When they could say the negro ought to he
 tiee, they felt that they had uttered a radi
 cal and philanthropic sentiment, but as the
 cause of emancipation progresses, and human
 rights and human duties become belter under
 stood, something more than the mere act o
 emancipation is now thought to be due to thii
 jong neglected and deeply injured people.
 Our attention has been directed to this sub
 ject by a circular, emanating from a uumbe
 of philanthropic ladies of Farmington, whicl
 document the reader will find on the outsidt
 of tikis week's North Star.”
 With the object of this committee wemos
 cordially sympathise; the work which the;
 have undertaken is an important one. for o
 all the people under the broad blue sky wh
 stand in need of the advantages of educa
 tion, the colored people of this couutr
 are pre-eminent. Surrounded by a peopl
 j possessing every facility for improvement, ih
 disparity between us and them is, alone
 j source of great pain and unhappiness; bu
 when we add to this the fact that w e are com
 pelled by a bitter prejudice to follow the mos
 menial and the least lucrative employment
 for a living, and that we are the constant ob
 ■jects of the scorn, contempt, and ridicule o
 the community. Education which is ever es
 jsei.tia! to all, becomes doubly important to ns
 We are the competitors of persons.compara
 lively well instructed, and were we even wel
 'educated, we should still have difficulties tc
 'struggle against, to which our oppressors art
 strangers; but how great is the disparity, ano
 how fearful are the odds, while education ii
 common to the white people and denied to us
 j Knowledge is power," said Bacon and it if
 about the only power that can at present be
 wielded by the colored people. Political pow
 er they have not; the power of wealth they
 cannot reach—our only hope in this country
 at piesent, rests upon the improvement of oui
 minds, and the elevation of our character.
 Knowledge is the preliminary step to all pow
 er, and for the want of this knowledge, the
 colored man is killed all the day long. Out
 ignorance is pleaded as a reason for withhold
 ing our lights, while knowledge itself has
 been locked up from us. This statement per-
 I haps may be‘questioned, and we shall be
 (pointed to the fact that in this State, School
 privileges are extended to colored children;
 i but the answer to this fact rnay be found in
 the circumstance that colored people subjec
 ted as they are to the most menial einploy
 ment, have the hardest possible struggle to
 i live. When bread and education are placed
 before a hungry man, it i»ea»v to see which
 will lie preferred. To educate the'colored
 [&gt;eople something more must be done than to
 j admit us into schools, and this is the mountain
 difficulty in the way of our progress,
 j We have not the means (in many cases,)
 requisite to enable us to send our childien to
 tschool. As soon as they arrive at an age
 suitable to commence service, they are put
 'out; and in these circumstances they early
 I learn to look upon themselves as inferiors, and
 I as being marked out for a life of degradation,
 j The ordinary incentives to the attainment of
 knowledge are nipped in the bud they are
 taught to feel that the onlyeducation necessary
 'for theiT condition in life, is to know what is
 'coming to them at the end of a month's work,
 and w ith their energies thus crushed, their
 example and ignorance are most cruelly and
 unjustly used to feed the fLmeof American
 prejudice.
 Whatever serves to remove these difficul
 ties, and to smooth the pathway to knowledge
 is appopriate anti-slavery work. We there
 lore, hail with a thrill of delight, this new ef
 fort on the pan of the Ladies comjioaing the
 Provisional Educational Committee. We
 must however, express the belief that the
 movement would wear a much more lmpar-
 I nal aspect, and meet with greater encourage
 1 rnent, if other colored persons besides those
 l born south of Masoo and Dixon's line, were
 included among the beneficiaries.
 There are a great many colored persons at
 the uorth who cannot understand why Fugi
 tives from slavery, should be selected out as
 the objects of special benevolence, and educa
 ted as ladies, while they, in our uud*t are
 never thought of. Having fled from slavery
 ourselves, and been the objects of especial fa
 vor as well as of marked hatred, we cannot
 be suspected of a want of sympathy for fugi
 tives, Ws must, also, dissent iron the prop
 osition of sending colored teachers into the
 State of Maryland. The Commutes may sot
 be aware that therein a law w eitsieoce there
 which makes it impomWe for colored persons
 to veturo to that Skate, after having bstn eta
 ■teethe nbeaei frem it. The penalty fc* an*
a return, is, for the fir* offence, twenty &lt;W
 isrs— for the second, fire hundred dollars—
 n*d :n case of inability to pay that sum, the
 iransjjjressor of this barbarous law is liable to
 be sold under the auctioneer’s hammer. The
 existence of this law will prove, we think, an
 insurmountable barrier to ooe of the import Ml
 objects destined to be attained by Uus Profit'
 lonal Committee.—r. o.
 Slanderers.
 If there be one j’«rs«&gt;n m the wide world
 w ho is more an embodiment of the spirit and
 purpose of Satan than any other, and wbo
 thould be despised, shunned, and detested, it
 m lie or she who maliciously, (and without
 even toe shadow of piovocauon,) artfully and
 deliberately manufactures lies, and insidiously
 circulate** them with no other motive than to
 blast the fair fame of another. 9ueh an im
 personation of malice, envy, and wickedness
 ss incomparably worse thin the highway rob
 ber for although the latter attempts to take
 the life of another, he has the daring to run
 the hazard of losing his own but the mali
 cious, craven coward, who deals m slander,
 stabs, and conceals himself in the dark— and
 frequently under the mantle of friendship,
 forges the most poisonous weapons with which
 to deal death and destruction.
 Such a person C3n stab and iw/r, and
 s/rule and slab again." The toagwl the
 tongue the tongue Well might uic “Pi
 led apostle say, "It is set on firi of hell."
 I For the bold and daring highwayman we
 may feel a slight degree of compassion for
 him who attacks us openly, how false soever
 may be his accusations, we may have some
 respect; but the guilty and base reptile who
 can sneak through the community, with a
 bland smile upon the cheek, and a lie upon
 the lip—and who. with honied accents pour
 ing the leprous distilment of slander upon an
 innocent man or woman, is a creature for
 whom reprobation itself is too lenient a pun
 ishment.
 It is not often that we meet with a charac
 i tei so detestable as that which wd have now
 denounced; but that there arc some such
 within the range of our acquaintance we have
 no question and we have, therefore, deemed
 well to weave the present garment, leaving
 the denuded personage whom it may fit to put
 I it on.—r. d.
 W. W. Brown.
 We have given up a large part of this
 week's paper to a Report of the Proceedings
 of a grand meeting, held in London, to receive
 W. W. Brown. That report will be read
 with emotions of sincere gratification by our
 readers at large. It is a source of intense
 pleasure, especially to the proscribed colored
 1 people of tins country, to w itness the cordial
 and heart cheering reception extended to our
 i colored brother. The manner in which Messrs.
 Biown, Pennington, and Crummel have been
 I teceived in Fiance as well as in England,
 1 i should convince Americans that eolorphobia is
 a di*ea e exclusively confined lo the Ameri
 can It nate; that the colored man has but to
 1 q jit the shores of this nominally Free Countr y,
 1 and land on the shores of England, or on the
 European continent, to have his manhood ac
 knowledged—his rights protected—and his
 person respected.
 The speech of Mr. George Thompson, M.
 P., like all the efforts of that gentleman, is
 clear, forcible, eloquent, and to the point.—
 Noue should fail to read it.— r. o.
 Revival.
 “The Ram’s Horn” is revived, published
 in Philadelphia. It proposes to advocate the
 enfranchisement of the colored peopleof Penn
 sylvania. Mr. Vanrensellaer thinks that the
 establishment of his paper in Philadelphia,
 will cause “The North Star” to be read with
 a keener relish. We hope that in this, his
 judgment may prove correct. At sny late,
 we w ish him success.— f. d.
 “Rule of Faith and Practice.
 Messrs. Editors: —Each of the religious
 organizations of the present day, through the
 medium of their creed books, and disciplines,
 eay, ihat the Scripture “is the only rule, and
 the sufficient rule, both of their faith and prac
 tice.” And after having made this declara
 tion before God and man, they then say, both
 in theory “and practice,” that the Constitu
 tion of the United States—the Constitution of
 the State of New York, &amp;c., is “the rule of
 Practice," tf not of faith, for all the ciuzeoa
 thereof. How can they reconcile theae points 1
 The Liberty Party of the present day, it
 composed mostly of those who believe that
 the New Testament scriptures contain the only
 rule for the government of Christ’s Church
 or family, or household, here on earth. Al
 low me to enquire, if Christ has given laws to
 any but fus followersl Is there any other rule
 for human conduct in any relation in life, ex
 cept “the Gospel of Christ, which is the pow
 er of God unto salvation lo every one that be
 lieveth?” Is not the rule fui Christians, the
 "only rule for human conduct l Can Christ
 and Cotsar be partners in the management of
 the affair? of this world*
 It appears to me, that I am under the ne
 cessity of admitting, not only m theory, but
 practically, that Christ is “Lord of Lords, and
 King of kings,” or adopt the sentiment which
 procured the crucifixion of Christ, and expres
 sed by his enemies, the chief prieete, vix;
 We have no king but Casar."
 The great majority of professed Christians
 in this nation—with their creed-wise declara
 tion, that the gospel of Christ is tbeir “only
 rule of faith and practice;” are, nevertheless,
 solemnly swearing upon the polluted political
 altars of this war- making, slaveholding nation,
 that ns consul utioo, sod statute books, shall
 be their only rule; and exert themselves to
 i the extent of their ability, to place at the bead
 of the rule-making power, such men as Tay
 lor, Case, Van Buren, die.
 Even the *•Christian Citizen that advo
 cate of “Peace” and love among mankind,
 refused to publish a lew lines from me last
 fall, in which I merely enquired, if to elevate
 a man to the Presidency of this nation, who
 was to favor of settling national dificehies by
 the sword, wss not contrary to the principles
 of the Pledge of universal brotherhood”—
 and if Martin Van Bureu wae not such a ms®?
 i wish to be a learaei in the school of Christ
 —to “let love be without diseusuisueo—
 abhor that w htch is evil—cleave to that which
 is good-’*
 Yours for humanity,
 LYNDON KINO
 Genius, tike the sue upee ihe dial, gi teem
 the buna been buck hi *h*4*w mi &lt;MfP»
