Fore if ft New* *f Ik* Week.
 The Niagara, (Ctpl. Rytie) which letf
 Liverpool on ihe iih, with 146 peraengers
 arrived *t Halifax on Wednesday, l?th inai
 England. —W e find in the Standard oj
 Freedom, an official Notice from the Admt
 rally, which gives aome reason to hope that
 the Arctic expedition, nnder the command oi
 Sir John Franklin, it* safe. It is as follows
 “Admiralty, Oct. 4, 1849.
 “From communications made this day to
 the Lords of the Admiralty by the editor ol
 the Shipping and Mercantile Gazette evening
 newspaper, some hopes are entertained that
 the news brought hy Capt. Parker, of the
 Trnelove, arrived at Hull, from Davis’ Straits,
 of Sir John Franklin's ships having been seen
 bv the natives, as late as March last, beset by
 the tee, in Prince Regent’s Inlet, is not with
 out foundation.
 “h tom the same source reports have been
 received that Sir James Ross's ships are in
 the south of Prince Regent’s Inlet, snd that
 the vessels ol both expedition# are safe.
 “This hope is somewhat strengthened by
 the telegraphic message to the Admiralty,
 since received from the Mayor ol Hull, where
 the Truelove arrived last night.
 New York papers also give the corrobora
 tive testimony of Capt. Chappell of the barque
 MeLellat:, from Davis’ Straits. This infor
 mation is still later, and even more satisfactory.
 About the Ist of August, while the McLel-
 Un lay in Pond’s Bay, an indentation of Bat
 fin* Bay, in latitude 74 and longitude 72, the
 natives of the coast come on board the Chief
 tain. an Kr.ghsli whaleman, and gave infor
 mation by signs that two large ships lay in
 Punce Regent’s Inlet, and had been there fast
 in the ice four seasons. On being asked in
 regard to those on board whether they were
 dead or alive, they replied in the same way,
 that the crews were not asleep—that is, not
 dead, but all well. It was considered by the
 Englishmen, and hy Capt. Chappell, that the
 ships of Sir John Franklin were clearly met.
 This is certainly the latest news.
 'lhe Englishman landed at Cape Hay, some
 distance from Pond's Bay, a quantity of coal
 and provisions, with which his ship was fur
 nished by the British Government hr the use
 of the long missing ship if they chanced to
 come there, as they would lie obliged to do on
 their return to England.”
 The cholera is still on the decline in Lon
 don, and all parts of England. It is hoped
 that in a few weeks, it will entirely disappear
 from the metropolis.
 The Queen and suite have returned from
 their highland home at Balmoral, to the royal
 residence in the Isle of Wight.
 A proposal of the government to open the
 London Post-oflice on Sunday, has brought
 down upon them quite a storm of indignation.
 At a crowded meeting of merchants, hankers,
 and others more particularly interested, a me
 morial to the Lords Commissioners was agreed
 to, deprecating the measure in the strongest
 terms. In the face of such opposition, the
 proposal will not be carried out.
 The Financial Reform Association are car
 rying on the work of agitation. We see no
 tices of meetings at Sydenham and Norwich
 At the latter place, Joseph Hume, M. P.,
 Geo. Thompson, M. P., and Feargus O’Con
 nor, M. P., were among the speakers. This
 meeting is regarded as a proof of the general
 fraternization which is going on amongst the
 middle and working classes, and holds forth
 the cheerful promise that a sure, if not a
 apeedy, amelioration of some of lire various
 political grievances under which the country
 labors shall be accomplished.
 The Standard of Freedom gives the follow
 ing notice of a presentation, in Manchester, to
 Elihu Burritt, on the eve of his returning to
 this country
 On Thursday evening, at the League
 Rooms, Manchester, a number of the friends
 of peace and financial reformers, admirers of
 Elihu Burnt!, who is now about to return to
 the United States, assembled to present to
 that gentleman an address expressive of their
 esteem. Amongst the gentlemen present,
 were Mr. Joseph Sturge, Mr. Jonn Bright,
 M. P.. Mr. Geoige Wilson, Mr. Kershaw,
 M. P., Mr. J. B. Smith, M. P., Sir Eikanah
 Armitage, Mr. EdrnundGrundv, of Park-hills,
 and Mn W. Rawson. Mr. Burritt, was ac
 companied by Mr. Amass Walker, a member
 of the Massachusetts legislature. Mr. Wil
 son having taken the chair, resolutions ac
 knowledging the benevolent services of Mr.
 Burritt in the cause of human improvement
 were moved by Mr. Bright, seconded hy Sir
 E. Armitage. and, having been carnod, wete
 presented to Mr. Burriu, copied on vellum,
 and inseited in a massive large gilt frame, in
 closed in a handsome box to receive it.
 Mr. Burritt spoke at some length in ac
 knowledgment of the compliment.
 In the same paper we find a full report of
 the speeches delivered at the meeting to wel
 come Win. Wells Brown to the metropolis.
 A report of this meeting will be found in an.
 other part of the paper. The hall was
 crowded (says the Standard of Freedom) with
 a highly respectable and enthusiastic audi
 ence.”
 A great Temperance demonstration, the
 first of a series of aggregate meetings, in ad
 vocacy of the principles of Temperance, took
 place at Exeter Hall on Monday, the Ist inst.
 Rev. J. W. C. Pennington was one of the
 speakers.
 A letter appeared in the Times, dated Oct.
 4, over the signature of Wm. Crawshay, urg
 ing upon Englishmen the importance of sup
 porting the Turk in his Christian and benevo.
 lent conduct, and offering XSOU towards a
 fund to be handed over to the Sultan to defend
 himself and his counLy against the hostility
 of Russia, should any be shown in conse
 quence of his humanity.
 The prospect in Ireland looks gloomy. The
 potato disease has re-appesied, and another
 year of famine is apprehended. Such appre
 hensions are probably as yet premature, since
 the extent of failure of ihe potato crop has not
 been ascertained.
 The Iruh jonrnals are filled with accounts
 of sanguinary conflicts between the tenantry
 and the landlords for the possession of the
 land and the long cherished feeling of hatred
 between the occupier of the soil and the own
 er, has now broken out with a degree of vio
 lence which threatens very serious results.
 Fsaiice. —The Legislative Assembly re
 turned us sitting on ihe Ist mar. M. Dupin
 having received the greatest number of votes,
 was proclaimed Presideut of the Assembly,
 until the Ist of January, 1»60.
 The Budget for 1850 has been ptinted.
 The expenses of the year will amount to 1,-
 591,332,077 francs. The receipts are only
 esuwaled al 1,270,953,84Uf., leaving a deficit
 of about 320,000,000 f.
 Cabinet Council was held on Tuesday,
 kd mat. at the Klysee. The difference be
 tween Turkey and Russia was supposed to be
 subject of its deliberation*|
M. Napoleon Bonaparte baa presented a
 motion to the Legislative Aaaetnblv, the effect
 of which, if passed, trill be to allow the metn
 bera of the Bourbon family la return to France.
 Ita provisions are as follows.
 “1. The taws of the 10th of April, 1839, and
 of the 26th «l May, 1848, which exile the
 family of the Boutbona.are abrogated. 3. The
 decree of the Constituent Assembly of the
 2?ih Judo, 1849, is revoked. The insurgents
 of June, transported without trial, shall be set
 at liberty."
 This proposition is not wdll received by the
 legitimist organs. They speak of it indig
 nantly as an insult to the Bourbon family to
 place them on the same level with the inaur
 gents of June.
 The suspension of intercourse between
 F ranee and America caused some sensation in
 Paris w hen first announced but a rumor hav.
 mg gained general belief that England hid of
 fered her mediation, that feeling considerably
 subsided.
 M. Cabet, the founder of the settlement
 called Icaria, has been sentenced, by default,
 by the police court of Paris, to imprisonment
 for two years, to pay a fine of 50f. t and to be
 deprived of his civil rights during five years,
 for having, by false statements, induced a
 number of persons to deposit various sums,
 their hard-earned savings, with him, lor
 which he made them no return, beyond initia
 ting them in the mysteries of Socialism.
 Italy.—lntelligence of the dale of the 25th
 ult., slates that the people continue indignant
 at the conduct of the Pope and Caxdinals, and
 lose no opportunity of giving vagi to their
 feelings.
 The manifesto of the Pope had appeared
 in an official form, and has been received with
 feelings of deep disappointment, if not re
 sentment, in all quarters. This feeling was
 participated in by the French soldiers, several
 of whom were put under arrest for having
 torn down or defaced the copies of the mani
 festo affixed to the walls. The amnesty, in
 particular, is the subject of popular odium.
 The Cardinals dare not walk the streets of
 Rome, so unpopular have they become while
 the victims marked out by their inquisitorial
 decrees walk ahout without fear. Should
 the French troops be withdrawn from the Pa
 pal states, it is supposed that another revolu
 tion would break forth.
 The Pope, relying upon Austria or Spain,
 or froth, and being promised funds from Rus
 sia, seems to imagine that public opinion will
 come over to his side.
 Hungary and Austria. —The intelligence
 of the surrender of Comorn, is confirmed.—
 At least so says the Times. But the corres
 pondent of the Daily News says, under date
 Vienna, Sept. 26.
 On the 23d inst. the council of war sitting
 here resolved to comply with the demands of
 the Magyars in Comorn, in so far as concerns
 the amnesty, and the exchange of 200,000
 florins in Kossuth's notes, lor which the offi
 cers wiint gold and silver, that they may be
 enabled to leave Austria. There is therefore
 good reason to suppose that the fortress will
 surrender in a day or two.
 The foriress, strong as it was before, con
 tinues to be fortified by the Magyars to such
 a degree that experienced officers have de
 clared it quite impossible to take a single
 wall by assault."
 The Breslaw Gazette states that in Rnssia
 it is forbidden to expose in shops, or to have
 in the houses, other images than those of
 saints, the Emperor, the Imperial family,
 Marshal Paskiewitch, and General Diebitsch.
 But recently permission has been given to
 have portraits of Gen. Gorgey.
 Turkey and Russia.—The noble conduct
 ol the Sultan, in refusing to give up the de
 fenders of Hungarian liberty to the autocrat
 of Russia, has had the effect of bringing out
 the Czar in his true colors. Even the Times
 ceases to have anything to say in his defence.
 It appears, from the account of the matter,
 as given by that paper, that the final decision
 of the Ottoman Court was communicated at
 the close of a cabinet council held in the
 house of Mehemet Ali Pacha, on the eve
 ning of the 16th ult. It was intimated, in a
 note to the Russian ambassador, that the Tur
 kish Government, seeing no reason to depart
 from its previous resolution, ptesisted in its
 refusal to grant the extradition of the Hunga
 rian refugees demanded by the Czar." The
 following day at five o'clock, the Prince Rad
 zivil embarked on board a Russian steamer,
 which immediately started for Odessa. The
 same day, the Russian and Austrian Ambassa
 sadors notified to the Porte the suspension of di
 plomatic intercouse between their Courts and
 that of the tviltan. This result having been
 foreseen, caused no surprise. The reply of
 the Emperors of Russia and Anstria is ex
 pected in twenty or twenty-five days. Mean
 while the Turks are not at all uneasy on the
 subject. They cannot believe that war wjlj
 j be declared against them simply because they
 have hospitably received a few unfortunate
 refugees. However, they are not idle; but
 are dilligently making all possible prepara
 tions foi defence. The people generally are
 all resolved to support the government in a
 question w hich all pious Mussulmen regard as
 one of religious principles. It only remains
 to be seen [concludes the correspondent ofihe
 Times] what atutude will be assumed by the
 Cabinets of London and Paris. The replies
 to the despatches of Sir Stratford Canning are
 awaited in Constioople with the most intense
 1 anxiety. The ioterest, no less than the hon
 -1 or, of England is involved in the issoeofthi:
 affair for it shrewdly suspected in Tur
 key that the Czar is desirous of foment
 mg an European war, by which he may large
 ly prefit in the southeast of Europe. Austria
 ig regarded as an ignoble tool in his hands."
 Burning of the Colored Church in Co
 lumbia, Pa., Religious Apologists, Ac.
 Friend Douglass—Our usually quiet town
 w as throw n into a state of excitement on las
 i Monday by the burning of the colored Church
 and Sons of Temperance Hall. It was known
 i that there was no fire in the siuves, or in the
 I church on the evening ur day previous; tbt
 burning must therefore have been the work ol
 an incendiary, it was soon rumored aboul
 town that a white man a few days previous to
 the fire, had drawn up a paper with an oath
 attached thereto. He said that he could not
 get work and he be d d if he would
 not burn out the d- d niggers and raise
 a mob, and then see if be could not get work.
 Tbe result has shown that be has fulfilled the
 first part of bis hellish threat. It remains to
 be seen whether the ciuieos" do not carry
 out the latter part of his threat on his own
 person. He could not complain at it, for be
 richly deaervea ali be might get at their hands.
 and I suppose 0* i» be found at all, i«
 will be meted out to him is large dosee.
 la connection with I m»J gi*«
a cooveramios that occurred between your
 eorreepondeat and one of the**
 on tbe morning after the fire. Heasemed to
 exult much at the lees to the colored people.
 He hallooed to me ecroae the street:
 Did yea bear the oewa?"
 What newer*
 Wh f *ha nigger ehaieh a buie’t down.
 and the son’s hall, Pad n glad of it
 —ain’t yout"
 I have beard of tbe lira, and sir. truly sor
 ry for it."
 You are not a btt better than they are.
 They are all a set of thieves, an] Ism cer
 tain Columbia would be better off if they were
 all back ia slavery again, and the best way I
 see to get them sway is to burn them out.”
 I think they have just as good a right to
 live and enjoy all the immunities of our town
 as you or I."
 They all ought to be slaves. They
 were made to obey. The Bible says so; and
 I am sure vou would not dare to deny the
 commands of Jehovah!"
 I am curious to know what part of the
 Bible you get your authority from."
 ‘‘Hand me that Bible on the shelf; now
 turn to Leviticns, 25th Chap, and 44th a
 46th verses, and you will find these words.
 You must recollect that this was s command
 given by Almighty God himself:
 ‘Thy bondmen and thy bondwomen which
 thou shall have, shall be of the heathen that
 are around about you of them shall you buy
 bond men and bondwomen, and ye shall tike
 them as an inheritance for your children after
 you tu inherit them for a possession; they
 shall be your bondmen for ever.’
 Now if you can show me where this ho
 ly command has been abrogsted, why, then I
 will listen to you, and not till then. And
 moreover I think American Slavery is justi
 fied by this one passage alone that I have just
 read without referring to any more."
 "Well,now let us see if the slavery spoken
 of in the book is a quarter as bad as Ameri
 can Slavery. Slaves in that day went free
 in the 7th and sometimes in the 50th year of
 their bondage. By turning back to Leviticus
 25th, Chap. 10th verse, you will find these
 words
 And ye shall hallow the 50th year, and
 proclaim liberty through all the laud, unto
 all the inhabitants thereof; it shall be a jubi
 lee unto you and ye shall return every man
 unto his possession, and ye shall return every
 man unto his family."
 Thus you see that there was a limit in
 those days to slavery, which is not the case
 with American slavery. And more than that,
 you cannot show me out of the Bible that
 slaves under the Moasic laws were liable to
 be sold at auction as they are in this country
 —parents from their children—husbands from
 their wives, and so on through the whole
 family.”
 I believe that God approves of Hu
 man Slavery, and that the institution is of
 divine appointment; and so 1 care not what
 you may say to the contrary. You may turn
 Fourierite and try to overthrow the word of
 God, but all your efforts will be in vain; it
 has withstood the Bhock of ages upon ages.
 The blood-stained banner of Christianity will
 continue to wave over the eternal battlements
 for time untold yet to come."
 My friend after delivering himself of this
 pathetic appeal, vanished. He is an average
 specimen of a man who considers himself a
 first rate citizen, and goes to church once,
 twice, and sometimes three times a week.
 But this is not an uncommon case. In our
 town are to be found, CAririians,that have a ho
 ly horror of the negro. I could name some
 who if asked to sit down at table to eat with
 them, would turn away indignantly and leave
 the house. But if you told them there was a
 chance to win fifty or a hundred dollars off
 them at a gaming table-, ten chances to one
 they would jump at it without once turning up
 their nose or making use of disparaging ex
 pressions But it is the way of the world.
 The man that does not feel that Christianity
 andslaveiy are opposed to each other, seems
 to me to be beyond the reach of reason or con
 viction. The principles of universal justice
 are gaining ground rapidly in our town, not
 withstanding there are imported occasionally
 from the South some professional hotspur or
 a northern doughface—office holder.
 I am a'ready extending this communication
 to a too great a length. In drawing it to a
 close, I cannot refrain from making some
 mention of the kind friends of the oppressed
 in this place}; and it we are to judge of the
 past I have no hesitation in saying that the
 Refugee will always find the string of the latch
 hanging out, and a warm heart in the persons
 Mrs. M. A. Cooper, Mr. S. W. Miffler,Mr.
 Swaitz, Mrs. Alward, and Mrs. Bruner.
 Sometime sirree a dear friend of the slave,
 1 sent me the following lines. You may have
 seen them before.
 CLERICAL OPPRESSIONS.
 In the reports of the celebrated pro-slavery meet
 ing in Charleston, S. C. on the 4th of 9th month
 1535, publialied in the Courier of that city, it is
 stated: “The Clergy all attended in a body,lend
 iag their sanction u&gt; tbe proceedings, and adding by
 their presence to the impressive character ot the
 scene.
 J
 J ust God and these are they
 Who minister at thine altar, God of right:
 Men who their hands with prayer snd blessing lay
 On Israel’s Ark of light
 What! preach and kindap met
 Give thanks —and rol*. Thy own afflicted poor,
 Talk of thy glorious liberty, ahd then
 Bolt hard the captive’s door.
 What’ servants of Thy own
 Merciful Sou, who came to seek aad save
 The homeless and the outcast —fettering down
 The tasked aad plundered slave.
 Pi Late and Herod fi lends'
 Chief priests aad rulers, as of old combine;
 Just God and bohr* is that church which leads
 Strength to the spoiler, Thine 1
 Paid Hyptcnta'. who turn
 Judgment aside, and rob the Holy Book
 Of those bright words of truth which search aad bare
 In warning and rebuke.
 Feed fat, ye locusts, ted!
 Aad ia your lease led pulpits thank the Lord
 That from the toiliag bondman’s utter need
 Ye pile pour own full board.
 How long O Lord! how bag
 Shall such a priesthood barter truth away,
 Aad ia tby name, for robber and for wrung
 At thy owa ahars pray 1
 Columbia, October 14th, 1849. S. E.
Calhoun'* Dominion*.— lt is atatad in a
 South Carolina paper that the census of South
 Carolina shows that sixty thousand wkst 4
 adult* ia that state, cannot vend nor write
 Add to then the three fifths of bn population
 —the slaves who are fcnbtdden by law to read
 ot write, tod you haft tbe my hot meet
 gin* wjiyp*9M» trim to to*.
Notices.
Frederick Douglass intends to deliver no
 Anti-Slavery Address ia Henrietta, oo Sun
 day, Oct. 38, comneociag at 7o'clock, r. m
 precisely.
 ID* Will friend* make arrangements.
The Sewug Circle
 Of the Ladies of the Western New Yerk
 An tv-Slavery Society, #tH meet at tbe house
 of William Hallo will, Anne Street, oe
 Wednesday next, Oet. 31st, at two o’clock,
 r m. An early attendance ia requested.
Rhode Island Anti-Slavery Society—
 Anneal Meeting.
 The fourteenth annual meeting of the Rhode
 Island Anti-Slavery Society, will be held at
 Mechanic’s Hall, Providence, on Wednesday
 and Thursday, Nov. 14th aad 15th, 1849.
 Prominent advocates of emancipation etn
 bracing several who have broken the chains of
 slavery, and are brrathiag the free air of Heav
 en, in defiance of Southern laws—have been
 invited to be present, and will, it ia expected,
 give valuable aid to our own earnest laborers,
 in making the meeting an interesting and pro
 fitable one to all who shall deem it worthy of
 their piesence.
 Much has been done fur our cause during
 the past year, but much yet remains for such
 to do as are not soon weary with (bring well.
 The geographical boundaries of slavery in our
 own country have been fixed by tbe public
 voice, and cannot, it is confidently believed,
 be carried turther from the centre of our ini
 quity. But it remains to blot out the foul
 stain where it already exists, and to hasten
 the glad hour when tbe angel of Time shall
 say, "Thus far hast thou come —but no far
 ther.’’ To this end we invite the old and the
 young, tbe strung, the feeble, tbe confident,
 the desponding, and the faithless, to meet
 with us, at our annual gathering, and
 share in our hopes, our encouragements, our
 joys, and our labors.
 In behalf of the Rhode Island Anti-Slavery
 Society.
 JOHN BROWN, Pres’t.
 Amarancy Paine, Sec’y.
 Providence, Oct. 6th, 1849.
An Appeal in behalf of the Western
 New York Anti-Slavery Fair.
 Earnestly desiring the abolition of Slavery
 in this land, and being deeply convinced that
 this result can only be accomplished by renew
 ed efforts to change our present corrupt moral
 sentiment, the undersigned members and
 f riends of the Western New York Anti-slavery
 Society, again make their appeal to the
 friends of the Slave in behalf of their annual
 Bazaar, which will be held in Rochester in
 December next.
 Whiiewe have been cheered and gladdened
 by the progress already made, and the good
 already done, and while we rejoice to observe
 that friends have been raised up to plead the
 cause of the bondman among persons, and in
 quarters where we had least expected them,
 we still see the "harvest to be great and the
 laborers to be few," and instead of relaxing
 our efforts, we are impressed with a sense of
 the r’uty of doubling our diligence, and ap
 plying more closely our energy to the means
 of advancing this holy cause.—We appeal the
 more boldly to our friends because those for
 whom we plead cannot plesd for themselves.
 While we are surrounded by our domestic
 circle, with none to molest or make us afraid,
 there are three millions of men and women in
 our own land, doomed to abject Slavery and
 chains, robbed of every right—civil—social—
 personal—and political. Remembering those
 in bonds as bound with them, we desire to
 plead their cause as though they were on our
 own limbs, and the knotted lash were applied j
 to our own backs.
 While to obtain means for enlightening the
 public mind, is the stiong motive for holding
 our annual Fair, it is not the only one. A
 great amount of good may be traced directly
 to such occasions. Many who are now ac
 tive workers in behalf of this holy movement j
 became first interested in it through the in-:
 strumeiitality of those annual exhibitions of]
 anti-slavery industry, tact and skill.
 The present object of the Rochester anti
 slavery Bazaar is for the general enlighten-
 ment of the public mind on the subject of sla- 1
 very. Recognizing the North Star, (published
 in this city) as an efficient Anti-Slavery in
 strumentality, we propose that the funds raised
 by the Sale of articles at tbe Bazaar (on
 behalf of which we here appeal) shall be
 mainly appropriated to the support of that
 important paper.
 We gaietully acknowledge the prompt as
 sistance rendered to our last F air by our
 friends and coadjutors in various parts of our
 own State, Wisconsin, and Michigan, and we
 earnestly solicit their continued co-operation
 with us in the good work. That no time may
 be lost, we especially recommend to them the
 immediate formation of sewing circles in their
 various towns with a view to making articles
 for the Rochester Bazaar. We would also
 in this connection render our heartfelt thanks
 to our British friends for the valuable aid ex
 tended by them to our last year’s Fair and
 we would again warmly solicit their generous
 assistance. It t 9 due to our trans-Atlantic
 friends to say that for much of the interest felt
 in our last Bazaar we were indebted to them,
 and we are persuaded that their continued
 co-operation will essentially piomote the suc
 cess of our approaching December Bazaar,
 and tbe advgDcement of the cause of the slave
 in our land.
 We hope that the foregoiog appeal will
 commend itself to out philanthropic friend* on
 both sides of the Atlantic, and that they will
 cordially unite with us in the effort here pro
 posed.
 Signed on behalf of the Fair Committee,
 AMY POST.
Appeal of Ike Philadelphia AmocUUm
 The “Women's Association of Philadel
 phia” appeal tu a benevolent public, sod to
 the friends of tbe Slave everywhere, to aid
 them in their approaching Fair, the ob
 ject of which is to sustain the “North Star
 To those who are familiar with the pages of
 this paper it is onneeeaary to speak of its
 ment To those who base not seen it we
 may saj, that we regard it as ooe of the very
 best anti-slavery instrumentalities now in u»e
 field.
 We are the more interested in it, because
 the editor is one our oppressed race, and
 adniiraolv qualified by histaleat* sad moral
 word., lo rairnm tke wduM.
 tuk gf mliuo*
 tioo. We believe and treat that our friends
 wilt' give us their liberal aid.
 To our own people we look earnestly ank
 bopefuMy. Swters, Brothers, shall we lood
 in vaio 1 The iron has entered into year souls.
 Ye so hssvilf. hewed down to the very du*,
 Mon Ye bear the uaauof the enemy,
 “Thee are so igw*aat sad unreined! They
 J j 2kZ of ooe other! Y«u, they unite
 b«. r»~tyto pg. iow.
 intellect sal than the mam' rrove by tbe
 uoernng laaguvge «f eeudnet that these ss
 m nines so often throws is our (sees sre ma
 licioos slanders- Oougl aa%
 cause his taleota andcorrect^uiapj*
 ■id w«p«“ 2522
 «sr
tky m aotkm will —■nilyWiy it iato jroar
 Hm Fur will be beU oa ChrouM* week.
 Dooeueoa for u any be test to
 HARRIET SMITH, 319 Loaberi-eireet,
 RACHEL LLOYD. 303 Pn»e-*tcet,
 AMY M. CASSEY, 113 Lombard-atreet,
 Or 10 mi member of the Amnaxixm.
 Eutieni Am, Ltdia As* Birr ill,
 Mast Bamott, Hatty Bcii,
 Louisa Bristol, Hclh Josh son,
 Hearns Bcstill, Eliza Joses,
 Chaalottc Mills.
 SARAH M. DOI*GLASS, Cor. Sec';.
 No 54 Muiiberry st.
 Philadelphia, 6th mo., 95. 1849
Wiitaß’s Balsas or WiloCbkbbt—Tst
 Great Revedt ros Cojuesrrio*— ud the
 best medic ioc kam to su far Asthma of twy
 stage, Liver Complaints, Bronchitis, lafatao,
 Coughs, Cold*, Bleeding of the Lams, Shortness ot
 Breath, Pais* sad Weakness in the Side, Breast,
 kc., sad ad other dise .ses ol the Pulmonary Organs.
 Btßitl or Imposition The greater the
 value of any discovery, the higher it a held in ihe
 cstacw of the public, and so much in proportion is
 that public sable to be imposed spun by the
 imitations of igaoraat, d signing and dishonest men,
 who, like the drone in the hive, have neither the
 ability aor iacliaatiaa ta provide far tnewartves. hot
 thrive aad luxuriate upon tbs earaiags of the deserv
 ing. Now that this preparation is well known to
 be n Bore certain ore far incipient Consumption,
 flsihmn. Liver Complaint, Coughs, Bronchitis, and
 ail similar affections, than any other remedy ever
 known, there will be, mrt now arc found those so
 villainously wicked as to concoct a spurious, aad
 perhaps a poisonous mixture, aad try to palm it od
 as tbe genuine Balsam.
 This is to cautiou dealers and the public generally
 against purchasing any other than that having th a
 written bignaicre or 1. BUN'S on the
 wrapper. Ihe rest merely imitate the name of tbe
 orig nal, while they possess none of i.s virtues.
 Originally prepared by Williams k Co., Phila
 delphia, now prepared ami sold, wholesale and re
 tail, only by SKTU W. FOWLE, Boston. Mass.,
 to whom all order.- should be addressed, and for sale
 by his agents throughout the country.
 For sale by Post k Willis; also by Wm.
 Pitkin.
Extract from th* Galena Northwest
 ern Gazette. —By tbe use of Sloane’s Ointment
 and Condition Powder, I have e itirely cuieda Fis
 tula on my horse, and otherwise improved his con
 dition more than 501 per cent, on the cost of the
 medicine. And a cow which was so feeble as to be
 considered worthless by myself and neighbors, was
 restored to good health and strength by the use of
 less than half a package of the powders, and is now
 doing better than any other cow- 1 have.
 Small Pox, May 13. WM. VINCEN V.
 QtJ- See Agents’ names at the head of Sloan’s
 Column. For further particulars and testimonials
 get pamphlets of agents.
MARkIEV
On Monday, 22d inst., at Mount Morris, by the
 Rev. Mr. Bacon, Mr. Robert B. Burtis, of
 Rochester, to Miss Harriet A. Thompson, of
 Mount Morris.
 On Monday evening, Oct. 15, by Rev. J. For
 ger, Mr. John Deming, of New Lyme, Ashta
 bula county, Ohio, to Miss Angelina
 adopted daughter of Benjamin and Sarah Bown, of
 Pittsburgh.
Commercial.
Rochester, Oct. 25th, 1849.
 The past week has been unusually wet, and the
 country roads are said to be bad. There has been
 as much wheat in the market as could be expected
 considering the weatlier. The price of wheat has
 been very steady durixg the week at 8s 3di&amp;)Bs 4d.
 Canal freights are 50c(®52c on flour to Albany.
 We have heard of one boat load of flour being
 freighted at 50cts; we have not beard of shipments
 of flour at over 50c. Other articles will be found
 in the table below.
Wholesale Prices Current.
 FI.OUR ahd MEAL—Duty 20 cad vat
 Flour, rbbl 5 00®5 HO
 Corn meal, f bush 45 ®6O
 PROVISIONS. —Duty ;Beef,Pork,Hams, Bacon,
 Butter and Lard, 20 f c; Cheese 30 f c ad val
 Pork, (mess) 11 50 &lt;B&gt; 12 00
 Do. in hog 6 50
 Beef, cwt. 4 00 i@ 5 00
 Do. bbl. (mess) 700 (ci) 8 (Mi
 Lard (tried) yft 7
 Do. (leaf.)
 Hams, (smoked) 8
 Shoulders, do. 5 sfc
 Butter 0 f® 12$
 Cheese do &lt;fi) 06
 Turkeys ff B&gt; 64
 Chickens
 Potatoes, bush. 2.*a 37$
 GRAIN—Duty; 20 y c ad val
 Wheat, bush 1 03
 Corn 44
 Rye
 Oku 31
 Barley 50
 HIDES—Duty ;5p c ad val
 Slaughter 3j
 CaJf 10
 Sheen Pelu 40 75
 SEEDS—Duty; Linseed 10 c; Mustard 20 p
 c ad val
 Clover .3 75 5 00
 Timothy 150© 2 25
 Flax 1 00
 FlSH—Duty on foreign caught; 20 c ad val
 Whitefish Dbl 000
 Codfish cwt 3 25
 SUNDRIES—
 Salt, p bbl 1 25
 Apples, bus 37
 Do. dried bush. 62j
 Eggs, p dot 11
 Beans, p bush 75
 Hay, p ton 700 ®ll 00
 Hard wood 3 25
 Soft Wood I i
'Abuertistments.
IMPORTANT TO THE LADIES.
 CLOAKS' CLOAKS!
 10,000 Cloaks Mantillas and French .Sacks,
 selling off at astonishing love prices
 WE REBPECTFULLY INFORM OUR
 friends and Uie public, that one of the firm has
 now returned from Europe, where he has been pur
 chasing, We have received U»e LONDON AND
 FRENCH FASHIONS, which are very beautiful,
 from which we are very extensively manufacturing
 Cloaks, kr., of the richest aad most fiuhioaable
 materials in use, such as Velvets, Turk Satire,
 Black Silks, French Merinos, Thibet Cloths, kr.—
 (lie designs and vsorfcmnrebip are excellent,embra
 cing Uute, elegance, and durability.
 We would sav to the LADIES, ONE AND ALL,
 CALL AND SEN TOR YOURSELVES Uwe feel
 warranted in the assert ion that oar prices are at
 feast 25 per ceut. fere than the material caa be
 purchased elsewhere, aad wade up in a more supe
 rior matu re than they caa get them made op them
 selves—some good Cloaks aad Yisettes at 93,50
 each.
 Oar stock of rich Black Bilks. Trek Satire, Vel
 vets, Marians, Gimps, aad Fringes, is very large,
 aad will he said off at astonishieglv low pri
 ces. All person# reqaiiiag such gauds are invited
 to call aad examine oar st efc.
 WAMBLEY BROTHERS.
 Emporium Mock, SB Main st., Rochester, aad
 14 Catharine ft., New York. ociM 3m
Tke 014 Cirtsity ghtf,
 At So 48 Exchange Street Rochester.
 T LOYD SCOTT, craietal for the pstnmp
 JLfawarded him, aefad reaptxtfaiiy inform hi#
 breads aad the pabfac faaermfly, that he has rocmalv
 enlarged his establishmeai aad sogwwwled km stock
 of Men’s, Women’*, aad Children’s. New aad
 iMecaad hand apparel, la addkioa to this depart
 ment he wifl bay aad aaß House tad Ssure l aw
 uae. Books, Jewelry, Fancy artiefas, Marhaawal
 and agricuharal impfamreti. aad indeed all those
 canons adds aad sads” of which may not be
 fcwhfa obtained at other pfacee It is too istootmw
 m, keep Tbe Old Crewmty Shop” wall famished
 with as eadiass variety of articles for which he will
 pay Uharaßy aad despaae of at sausdretary prices.
 forget “The Old Creeaisv Shop.
 Esehs-tar March IMS.
■ilr-Csttiag smi iroslag at
 pkLjjH FRANCIS’S Eagfa
N amative or tub life or fbedeb*
 ICB DOUGLASS, wnttaa fcf Mu ha
 had Dm price M j at* £dit. 9?|c
Ktil-UU Till.
 pHANGE IN TIME—Tim mim will commence
 V to have Rochester to-day at th* fatiowum time
 Eastward at lt| Tfp.a.
 Westward—at 9| a. 2 P. 1., 5f T.m. n e.a.
 Rochester, May I. IM.
JAMES W. MON DORM INC. st.il eoatiaaes to
 keep the Grocery on Second Street, corner of
 Elm, North side. Has cunefitly on hand every
 vaiiety of Groceries. Me
 Cincinnati, Ohm. Ja(y IS, 1849.
JOSEPH C. HOLLY. Boot aad Shoe Maker
 No- 97, Creabeo Street, Brooklyn.
 N.B. R pairing neatly executed at the ahorteei
 ice and oa tbe most reasonable term*.
WM. H. TOPP. Merrhaat Tailor. 549 Broad
 nay. Also an extensive asaurtmrat of Cravats,
 Stocks, Hosiers, Gloves, ke
 II. 1848.
SEW FORK ADVERTISE.HEATS.
CffUred Sailtrs’ H*af,
 330, Pearl Street, A’« York.
 FRIF.NDm erf ‘A. and strangers on a v»it
 to New York, can now be arnoaiiantfaerd with
 as good Board, aad at as low a price as ia nay other
 bowse in the city. Tbe bouse is large aad con
 venient; will bold comfortably seventy persons.
 Families caa have private rooms, aad every atten
 tion paid to their comfort. WM P. POWELL.
 May 11, 1849.
DR. J. M’CUNE SMITH, 93, West Broad
 way.
MRS. PETTIT would respectfully inform her
 Friends and the Public, that she has removed
 from 150 to a commodious house No. 162, Church
 Street, wtiere she wilt continue to entertain respect
 able colored persons with Board and I .ode ins.
 New York, May 11,1849.
JL ST PI BLI&amp;HED and for sale at the office of
 of tbe Anti Slavery Standard—
 Tbe Legion of Liberty and Force of Truth 10th
 edition.
 This work contains about 290 pages of close
 reading; 900 eminent authorities, and about sixtv
 illustrative engravings. Price 37 i cts. in muslin',
 and 25 rent-yin paper rovers. A veiy liberal dis
 count to those who purchase a number of copies.
 lnfluence Rights and Appeal o|
 Women from various authors, 12J rents.
 Letter to the People of tbe United States touching
 the Matter of Slavery. By Theodore Parker.—
 pp. 120. Price 18| cents.
 Wm. W. Brown’s Lecture before the Female A S.
 Society of Salem Mass. Reported by H. M.
 Parkluir-t, Boston —pp. 22. Price 5 cents.
PHILADELPHIA ADVERTISEH’TS.
FREE PRODUCE STORE.
 NEW GOODS just recived. General reduction
 in prices.
 Fine 4-4 Prints various styles.
 New styles of Prints of medium quality,usual width.
 Fine and wide Paper Muslins. Also Cokred
 Cambrics.
 Curtain Calico. Superior fine Chintz Umbrellas
 Oil Cloths.
 Satinets, good and cheap. Also on hand, mostly
 reduced prices Ginghams various qualities and
 styles.
 Fine and heavy Shirting, Sheetings, anti Pillow
 Muslins.
 Striped Cambrics. Fine 6-4 Plaid Muslin.
 Muslin de Laine, plaits and neatly figured, all wool
 Linens, warranted free from cotton.
 Flannels 4-4 good and price low. Canton flannels
 white anti colored.
 Table Diaper and Cloths, of different styles.'
 Apron and Furniture Check. Cotton Handkerchiefs.
 Cotton Twilled Pantaloon Stuffs. Also Linen
 Drilling kr.
 Long and half Hose, fine and heavy.
 Knitting Cotton, various Nos., bleached, brown,and
 colored.
 Wadding white and colored Cotton Laps. Also,
 Refined Loaf Crushed and Pulverized Sugar.
 Brown Sugar good quality, of various grades.
 The whtde stock exclusively Free Labor Goods,
 to which the Subscriber would invite the attention
 of country merchants as well as his friends and the
 public generally.
 Much pains is taken by tbe Managers of die Free
 Produce Association, to assist the Subscriber to en
 large the assortment from time to time.
 GEORGE TAYLOR,
 Northwest corner Fifth and Cherry-sts
 Philadelphia 2d mo. Ist, 1848. tf
DR. D. J. PECK, Physician and Surgeon, Phi
 ladelpiiia Institute, Lombard Street, above
 Seventh. ly—36
Free Labor Loodn.
 MANUFACTURED by the American Free Pro
 duce Association, and for safe at No. 31, North
 Fifth-street, Philadelphia:
 Manchester Ginghams; Checks, Apron and Fur
 niture; Canton Flannel, unbleached; Muslin,
 bleached and unbleached, uf various qualities and
 width; thin Muslin for linings, brown and colored;
 Bird Eve Towels; black and white Wadding;
 Cotton Laps; Lamp Wick; Bed Ticking, an ex
 cellent article; Calico, Stockings, Knitting Cotton,
 k.*. kc.
 Orders for Goods, or letters desiring information,
 may be addressed to J. Miller McKim, 31, North
 Fifth-street; Daniel L. Miller, Tenth-street; or to
 James Mott, No. 35, Church Alley.
 A large and handsome assortment of Prints now
 On hand. jul—tf
CHARLES JONFS, North -Star House, No. 26,
 North Street, between Fifth and Sixth, and
 Market and Arch streets, Philadelphia.
 Strangers visiting the city will find the North
 Star House the most central, convenient and com
 fortable House in Philadelphia.
 Philadelphia, Dec. 1. 1848. ui49
Anil-Slavery Office,
 No. 31, North Fifth Street Philadelphia.
 A FULL assortment of anti-slavery publication
 is kept constantly on hand. Also a hand sum
 variety of miscellaneous publications, and usefu
 and Fancy Stationery.
 All fetters relating to the business of the office
 to lie directed to J. Miller McKim, 31, North
 Fifth-street, Philadelphia. jul—tf
ATHOL WATER CERE.
 THE Subscriber begs leave to call tie attention
 of Invalids, especially those suffering from
 chronk disease, to his hydropathic establishment in
 Athol, Mass.
 His house was opened for the reception of patients
 la*t season, aad it is believed offers excellent facili
 ties for aphitosophic and thorough course in hydro
 palhy. The supply of water is abundant, and in
 puritv has been pronounced equal to water on a
 distilled.’’ 7he locatiou is quite eligible, being but
 a short distance from tbe V. kM. railroad. The
 vicmiiv abounds in a variety of scenery, and has
 (harming grounds for walks aad rambles. Ho that
 with the water, suitable regimen, mountain air, aad
 exercise, patients ran scarcely foil to obtain the
 bealthtul results for which they labor.
 The following case illustrates this remark. Mrs.
 8., wife of Dea. 8., of Warwick, Mass., aged
 about thirty-five years, was brought to ine Lst
 August. Her case’ presented the folioa ing pheno
 mena. If placed ia an erect posilrou, and left un
 supported, she forthwith fell backward to (he
 ground. If being well supported, she made an
 effort to walk, either foot, ahen carried forward,
 despite her efforts to the contrary, would cruse the
 other. She bad been ia thss couditioa nearly a
 year. Her treatment commenced the 16th of Sept.,
 aad was continued to tbe 25th Oct. only, when she
 left, so far recovered re to be able to walk half a
 mile with ease. Sine* her return to her family, she
 has eoutiaaed her baths, with corresponding im
 provement to her health. She now attends to her
 domestic duties, aad with the assistance of a small
 girl, does the work of her family.
 Patients are desired to bring three comfortadee,
 one pair of woollen blankets, one pair of •newts,
 half a doaua towels marked, with eld Itaaw lor
 bandages.
 Terms, from five to tea dollars per week, accord
 mg to the access it ms or choice of the patients.
 Thuee who are leas particular ia the tefactiaaoi
 rooms, or are willing to occupy them in common
 with others, will be charred fern.
 A mol, March, 1848. GEORGE HOYT.
Piiser*! ArtlflcUl Uf.
 r PHIS entirely new, bnsnU, aad eaiaeatly wr.
 A ».cable luub, which hat received the highest
 awaids and smt hearty lest lawaiala of alt the
 principal tcieatihc mu ih etnas mad sarfaaas of
 hospitals in this country, in addition to those who
 ha«s wed the hsab, as being in every respect supe
 rior to aay ha* ever before ins sated is Earoee sr
 Aries, is aosr auaafnctared ia Srnmtfttd.M sss.,
 by Mw»rs. fiLmi, Ctuut k
 Thtf warrant aftrt mtmfmctmm.
 Kcrtßim*-’
 Dta. HsaiLToa and iru***, er Bar*.
 Dr. Qa»mr. Bautin.
 Dm Wnifit and Boost. Bscheetar.
 Dr. firm, Girhasa, wean m)
 pg.H-n»,Bjra«M. mflirtm
stri.vs f0Lr,11".
AM the medicine* aCft- i»y W. Six.
 are sold by Past k VA ibis. W tr &lt;4 k Young, Is*
 charter; S. Rewehnw, Fr*« h£ it; A. S. BatiMl
 Co., Lewtsana; T. k A. Frvr, H«ri,-wt; CdA
 Pitt« ford; W. Wilfoim-. BtdGte; aad by
 e I nhed State*.
 Pauly OINTMENT*
 SLOAN’S o!Ntkf\	 is nw dvermtty am
 kaowfedged to ha Wt«il.l4r rv needy, ia evary
 case where it has been fauli&amp;wi. pimd on (he ha
 system, for r n meting Perepiratsaa,
 drawing oot the n tr* v*i wutmd, re
 lieving pnm nf every L.ad, amt a its bewling qwali
 tiee ike world does ww (sm bc* ms r*|***l, »nd t ka
 peoiKwnWM' it lb rk ipr&gt;i am* firs Family
 t tint meat that ha* ever ben» *l. Ail disenior
 tbe f lesh, Uteri*, Oki Soies, 1 bilßama,
 Sore Throat, Burn*. Cot*. C»f I rwpttoa,
 Borr Nipples, Bore Brew-ts, Durssr* or the Er*.
 Ague in the face, stde.tatk, »an the other part* of
 (he system, Boils, Liters, Scab! Hr ad, brmsao,
 Fre«h Wounds, a*) every kii-d of tores containing
 (he least particle of wflAmsotiis are piraisaaatty
 cured bv this great remedy.
 W B. SLOAN.
 Grand Depot, (0 (aXt st., Chicago, 11L
t WE Ckh’T GET RLCNO WITHOUT IT.
 Bezel's Grove. Will Co., IS.,
 October 24, 1948 J
 Mr. Sloan—Bir: I have (rated the virtue of
 your Ointment ia tbe cure of rattlesnake biios, sore
 j throm, boras, aad many other intttrieA, aad ia eves;
 case it has surpassed eur expectations. A*aFam»-
 I ly Ointment I have never seaa its o;usJ, and (at
 beasts we can’t get along w uhotn it.
 Your*, ke.,
 MILES M. JOHNSON
excellent ointment.
 Mr. Sloan—Dear Sir: Fur s considerable
 length of time I was senous'y atfiicted with the
 Riieumatic complaint,and ap; bed fieelv the various
 liniment*, oain-4illers, kc., w lhout cbt lining any
 relief. After which your age *t *t this place influ
 eaced me to try your Ointment, and within two
 j weeks from the time 1 commenced using it, the ptun
 ceased, and 1 was effectually cured; and snail re
 commend all who are similarly afflicted with the dis
 tressing complaint, to procure your excellent oiut
 meat without defay. Rc-p’v tours,
 OdCAR F. MOTT
 Priocevillr, Peoria co.. 111., May 1, ’4B.
A FINGER BITTEN ENTIRELY OFF')
 Two Miles South of Chicago, i
 Sept. 14, 1848- J
 Dr. Sloan—Sir: On the Sth in-t. my son hud a
 finger bitten entirely off by a horse. We immed*-
 ately applied your celebrated Ointment which re
 lieved him of imin in a few minutes, ami prevented
 the finger from swelling tlic least particle, :»wl the
 wound is now healing rapidly.
 Respectfully yours,
 S. ROCKWAY.
A PRJME ARTICLE.
 Are any afflicted with pains, bruises,cuts or sores
 of any kind 1 Let them read W. B Sloan’s ad
 vertisement in another column. We believe this
 ointment to be a prime article for any thing of the
 kind and no humbug. Try a little of it belorr yon
 suffer any longer. It can lie had at nearly all tbe
 stores iu this place.—[Knox Intelligencer.
THE BEST AND CHEAPEST
 HORSE MEDICINE
 IN THF. IVOBI.It.
SLOAN’S OINTMENT
 END
 CONDITION POWDER
 HAVE EARNEL A GJtfcAT NAME.
 For Purity, Mildninr, Soft'*, Ortainty
 and Tfwughi, SLOA?&gt;'&amp;
 OIIST MEAT L'j
 And is rapidly super.-edin" all ot Ointments and
 Liniments now in use for the cure of the following
 diseases
 Fresh Wounds, flatte of all Sprains,
 I Bruises,Cracked Heel.. 'tiifclanit Igal! .Poll
 Evil, Callus, Spavins, H cei.ey, Fi .1«, Sitlast,
 Strains, l«»nwne«s, ('rack-, I'oemlired feet.
 Scratches or Grease, Mango and Horn Distemper.
 The po WHI R will remove all inflammation and
 fever, purity the blood, loosen il.e &gt;kin, cleanse the
 water, and strengthen every part ol ii»e Uxiy; and
 lias proved a sovereign rein* lur 11 :e ibi.owing
 diseases:
 Distemper, llidc-liound, Lo« t of Apfwtite, in
 ward Strains, Yellow Water, Inllanimation of the
 Eves, Fatigue from nard exeicisc. ili»o, Ktu uma
 tism, (commonly called utifl complaint,) which
 proves so fatal to many valu.ible hor-es in this
 country. It is also a sate ami cert in remedy for
 coughs and colds, winch generate so utuav fatal dis
 eases. W B. SLOAN,
 Grand Depot,4o Lake st., Chicago, Illinois.
 EXTRACT FROM THE “GALENA NOKTH-WaZTCRN
 GAZETTE.”
 By the use of Sloan’s Ointment and Condition
 Powder, I have entirely cured a Fistula on my
 horse, and otherwise improved In* condition more
 than 500 per cent, on tbe cost of the med.rine Ami
 a cow which was so fee hie as to fe considered
 worthless by mv-elf and neighbor-, was restored to
 good health and strength Ivy the use of l«* s than half
 a package of the powder, and i* now doing lietlcr
 than any other cow I have. \V M. VINCENT.
 Small Pox, May 13,184*
 popular opinion.
 If popular opinion is any criterion of the worth
 of an article, we invite the incredulous to read at
 least a few of tls- many voluntary certificates which
 appear in our columns respecting tbe great variety
 of rd writable cures effected die use ot Sloan’s
 celefirated Ointment and Condition Powiter.”
 These remedies no longer remain among those of
 doubtful utility; they have passed from the tide of
 experiment, and now stand higher in reputation, ami
 are becoming m**re extensively used than all other
 articles of the kind.—[Michigan City News.
 THE HALF HAS HOT BEEN TOLL.
 Fox River, June 12, ’4B.
 Dr. SLOAN—Dear Sir: Pleare semi by the b«u
 er a new supply of your Horse Medicines. Ifa
 I are the best articles of the kind that I have ever
 used, never having beeu disappointed in th*-ir effe&lt;t
 as 1 have beeu in die use of other, even ibe most
 celelirated Ointments, I.iniu.enU, k* ,o t (he day.
 1 like verv much this feature in them, vix: that they
 do all that is promised, amt upon a thorough trial
 one is constrained to add that halt luts not been
 told.” Respectfully,
 M. DLDLF.Y
 THE DirrCßEhCg.
 The ordinary Ointment* md l.inimenU, it is well
 known, are severe ami partial in their »peratioa.
 Sloan’s Ointment is mild, yet thorough— it ranches
 ami remove* the cause, hence it gives real and per
 manent relief.
 For purity, mildness, safety, certainty, aad tboc
 oaghuess, Sloan’s Ointasent excels, aad is rapidly
 ■apersediug all other •natmenta aad liniments uow
 in u*e,
 GOOD HEW*
 Cutcsao, J &lt;n. Bth, 1849.
 W. B. Sloan— Sir: One.of my i-ase*was boaf
 femnd and also wanaded in tie stilt*-, m which ha
 took cold, and became to rrij p(e&lt;! that l coaM
 scarcely travel. By the (res &lt;q parauon of yaar
 vaktslitt Ointment, his hoof* were *-*ou sotreaeu and
 the stifle permanently cure:
 1 have also used the On. true &gt;t in the cave of Poll*
 Evil ami on severe gull* wiU. iwcni,
 Oa a mashed fingr. ihst iuj puiotui it op
 crated like a charm Your*, Il&lt;
 A. VAN ORDEN
 EXTRAORDINARY tU*A.
 Four miles worth of p-n rov' 1 to
 Milwaukie,) Cook co., Id At* d If, .'49 J
 Mr Sloan b&lt;a* Str: Ow of m,,
 large bony Tam**r his Ural u*mei .sely
 ander the collar, whtth fame*l
 i services ol veiy liuls vahw I Y *4 pi*«d
 several butties uf l»f
 I Lirururnt, without 0- i i 1
 creed Wilder** t ehhraw«f B r .t, »ad
 used that rnvof I hscan* tt*«»y s-rret-d 'hat it would
 j lafeeve d** surreal. F ma* 1 a .t.iVt i
 i trutv *aift*bfe Os-ju- ia .feat
 than i» dTs frt-m the »*#*t pin he t«aor cm*
 trmlv dnovvooioi aarl the fe.fse wef:.
 7 YrorTT LDW AHD AfaMh I BONG
 GRATIFYING t&gt; rCLLICtNCK.
 From every part of urn coaauy slate B]*«afa
 Harm Otaunam and Coadtiiuw Pu«*d*f tmv«
 retradacad. the proprietor fare rw»*««.f t*. uam
 lateUrgeoc* vf th**r (aaoukaLfe clauaa
 euHhntv. la a laakitaffa of imUiKti. Utrv has*
 aver fama* whfeh^ad
 of cafafioited Fare rent Md war* asmeafa.ad asmw
 Uz. Three readicfare apahy «U
 offfa* rtrezihzz WV |i re*. fox tlifaamq Lutses aad
 -31
