poetta.
Foe the North Wur.
 TO FATHER MATHEW.
 It m. A. «tOM«ir.
 A sation claim* thee for bet own
 A notion c*H* tbnr Father, D*w!
 The croabed and wronfod opoo her ab.*re.
 Hare wept for thee the portinf teor;
 And grateful prayem for tW they eend
 Oror the dorkly rolling ware;
 *T»e all the wretched hare to give—
 The henrt’n pure oAcrinj— thn they gaee
 And million* meet thee on our Btrand,
 And greet thee with a welcome smile;
 For thou wilt offer through the land
 An ontidote for acourge* rile;
 Yet milliona still in galling chains,
 Nos* raise to thee their reeking hands,
 And loudly wake the suppliant prayer
 That thou wooldst rivet not their hand*.
 Why stain thy name, foreTer stain,
 When first ye lireathe where freemen tread 1
 Wky rend the crown of lion &gt;r there,
 And let it fall from off thy headt
 Why recreant turn from that dear scroll,
 Where brightly shines the honored name
 Of thy compeer, old Ireland’* *on,
 Who on freedom’* mission camel
 Have ye forgot the lengthy roll
 Of seventy thousand strong—
 To Erin’s children scattered wide,
 Yet to that brother hand belong 1
 Kindly they greet, ami humbly ask
 Their 1 rot her* on this favored short.
 To stand for right on freedom’s sod,
 And bless their fatherland once more.
 The slave, full oft, on bended knee,
 Wafting to God a grateful prayer,
 Ha* breathed thy own in ecstacy,
 That name* like thine were writlen there
 Foil well his darkened soul might see
 The powers hidden in a name,
 To move upon posterity,
 When pinioned on the breath of fame.
 Full oft that lowly mother there,
 With joy and gladness gushing wild,
 Has fondly hoped for belter days,
 While bending o’er her slave-born child;
 A gVateful tear has bat Ik d the chain
 That clanks upon its iron band;
 She deems her pain and anguish less,
 Whene’er she turned to that far land
 All listless there, that darkened soul,
 An heir to infamy and wrong,
 Has caught a ray of mental light,*
 Kindling, glowing, waxing stinng
 At Freedom’s altar, where will flow
 The noblest, best of Erin’s blood,
 Till all the earth is truly free.
 And children of a common God.
 Then why, alas! so coldly turn
 From labors that ye once have blest?
 Thy chosen mission to lire poor
 Is still but one among the rest!
 Benevolencp must widely throw
 Her bright, pure halo o’er the world,
 And softly -steadily ’twill glow,
 Wh*re freedom’s banner is unfurled.
 DAILY WORK.
 BY CHARLES MtCKiT.
 Who lags for dread of daily work,
 And his appointed task would shrink,
 Commits a folly and a crime;
 A soulless slave,
 A paltry knave,
 A clog upon the wheels of time,
 With work to do, and stores of health,
 The man’s unworthy to be free,
 ho w ill not give,
 That lie may live,
 His daily toil for daily fee.
 No! let us work! We only ask
 Reward pioportioned to our task;
 We have no quarrel with the great,
 No feud of rank;
 With mill or bank;
 No envy of a lord’s estate,
 If we can earn sufficient store
 To satisfy our daily need,
 And can retain,
 For age or pain,
 A fraction, we are rich indeed.
 No dread of toil have we of ours,
 We know our worth and weigh our powers,
 The more we work, the more we win;
 Success to trade!
 Success to spade!
 And to ibe corn that’* coming in,
 And joy to him who o'er his task,
 Rem-mbers toil is Nature’s plan,
 Who never thinks,
 And never shrinks
 His independence as a mam!
 Who only asks for humble wealth,
 Enough for compete ce and health,
 And leisure when his work is done,
 To read his book
 By chimney nook,
 Or stroll at setting of the sun;
 Who toils as every man should toil,
 For fair reward, erect and free,
 These are the Mem,
 The best of men,
 These are the men we mean to be'
 From Blackwood’s Magas me.
 LINES.
 Where ehall we make her grave!
 Oh! where the w ild flowers wave,
 In the free air!
 Where-the shower and singing bird
 ‘Midst the young leaven are heard—
 There—lay her there'
 Harsh wan tlie world to her!
 Now may sleep minister
 Balm for each ill;
 on sweet Nature’s breast,
 tlie meek heart find rest.
 Deep, deep ard still!
 Murmur glad waters by!
 Faint gales with tappy sigh
 Come wandering o’er
 That green and mossy bed.
 Where, on a gentle head,
 Storms beat no more'
 What though for her in vam
 Fails now Hie bright spring ram.
 Plays tlie soft wind!
 Yet *till from when: she lies
 bhould blessed breathings rise,
 Gracious and kin I.
 Therefore let song and dew
 Tlie nee in the heart renew
 Life’s vernal glow!
 And o’«r that holy earth
 ttceuts of the violet'* birth
 Still come and go.
 Oh! then, where wild flower* w*v*.
 Make y* her mossy grave,
 la th* free air!
 Whar* •bower and singing-bird
 'Mid the young leaves an* heard—
 Thera—lay hat there!
 SLANDERER*.
 Ns‘*r will tea thousand lias
 Maka est laa* virtuous, loaned or wiaa;
 Th* as« «I»ctit*l way to balk
 Thaw —Ho* ie, to lot U—t tali.
Selections.
From Sana in’s Magaaioe.
 the wooden picture of geo.
 3l it LI N.
 A GERMAN LEGEND
 *T C. SVRIHARDT.
 Several hundred years ago, there liv
 ed in Germany a very gifted and pious
 artist, called George Surlin; he was es
 pecially successful id the production oi
 sacred pictures and images of saints,
 to which branch of his art he had devo
 ted himself with so much love aud en
 thusiasm, that he could scarcely gel
 enough to do in it. Yet he never want
 ed work or orders, for his fame had
 spread far and near, and there were
 few large churches in the country which
 did not possets a sacred picture by
 Master George Surlin.
 One day, as he was seated at work
 in his studio, there came to him some
 monks, emmisaries of the monastery nl
 Blaubeuren, in Switzerland, and asked
 him whether he would paint a large
 and beautiful picture lor the altar ol
 their cloister chapel. It was not, how
 ever, to tie painted upon canvass, or up
 on wood, but upon the wall back ol tbe
 altar; and George Surlin, it he would
 undertake the order, must therefore
 prepare himself for the long journey to
 Blaubeuren He concluded to go, not
 so much on account of the great re
 ward which the abbot of said cloister
 had promised him, but because the rev
 erend lather so valued the limner’s art,
 and hud sent for him from afar. He
 resolved to devote all his powers and
 energies to that picture.
 The abbot received the artist with
 open arms, conducted him to a high,
 airy, and beautiful chamber, the win
 dows of which overlooked a most ex
 quisite landscape, and only left his guest
 to allow him time to rest and sleep, in
 order to enable him to commence his
 great work as soon as possible. W hen
 the early morning sun cast, in its com
 ing, a purple line upon the glaciers,
 Master Surlin was already seated by
 his window, drawing inspiration lrom
 the glorious works ot nature, for his
 forthcoming great work of art. As the
 painting advanced and more and more
 approached completion upon the white
 walls of the altar, the artist himself be
 came enamored ol his, handiwork, and
 at last confessed in his own mind that
 it was a masterwork of rare beauty and
 perfection.
 The monks, and the abbot himself,
 who was a great connoisseur rejoiced
 no little that George Surlin’s best pic
 ture should adorn their chapel, and thus
 make it an object of envy, as well as
 admiration, of the neighboring cloisters.
 They never tired of watching the
 master at his work, and of loading him
 with praise, presents, and marks of
 approbation.
 At last the painting was finished, and
 a solemn service was held to inaugu
 rate the noble work of art. The paint
 er then kneeled at the foot of the altar,
 and thanked and praised God, who had
 allowed him to complete his great work.
 And the collected people stared and
 wondered at the glory of the picture,
 and praised the master hand which hud
 created it.
 After the mass, the abbot addressed
 the artist, and said: Master, you
 have given us a most rare work of youi
 beautiful art, and you yourself con
 ceive it to be your masterpiece. Has
 this labor exhausted your inner resour
 ces of design, or do you think that you
 might yet be able to produce even a
 greater or still more beautiful painting.'
 Give me an honest answer to my ques
 tion, Master Surlin.”
 The painter, who thought of nothing
 except that the abbot would give him a
 i new order, and who, like a true artist,
 on the completion of a great work, fell
 himself imbued with fresh courage and
 energy for renewed labors, replied un
 hesitatingly that he might venture to
 make such a ptomise, as art was an in
 exhaustible lountain, ever generating
 new supplies to her earnest and indus
 trious disciples. “Moreover,” confin
 ed the artist, my gratitude to the
 Lord, whose mighty arm has assisted
 me in the work i have just finished, ur
 ges ine on to attempt a greater and still
 more perfect work to bis praise, honot
 and glory.”
 Tlie abbot listened to these words in
 great displeasure, for it was not his in
 tention to give the master another or
 der, but he desired that Surlin should
 never again commence so masterly a
 1 work, in order that his cloister might
 have the honor of possessing the best
 picture by the great master. Now,
 however, be heard, to his mortification
 and anger, that Master Surlin was ca
 pable of painting, not only an equally
 good, but even a much superior pic
 ture, and hi&amp; foolish vanity revolted at
 the thought. He resorted to a tiend-
 like expedient, by which to remain m
 f possession of George Surlin's last and
 best painting.
 On the following night, whilst the
 painter was last asleep, the two monks
 who had accompanied him to Switzer
 land, crept to las couch, tied his arms
 with cords, and with a sharp knife cut
 out both his eyes, draining the sight,
 that precious font of light and color,
 forever. To kill him, much as tlie
 wretched man begged for death as a fa
 vor, they had not the courage. They
 only circulated a report that the great
 painter had died on his homeward jour
 ney, and kept the poor man carefully
 hidden in a remote cell.
 And now the poor master was forev
 er robbed of glorious light, and to the
 sublime pictures, which still lived in
 his soul, he could no longer give life
 and color. Lost in mental misery, he
 scarcely [noticed the physical tortures
 and pams he had to undergo; it griev
 ed his soul much more to be hencetorth
 buried in night, and never again to be
 able to distmguish lights and colors.
 One of the monks, who was in the dai
 ly habit of bringing him a jug of wine
 and ihe necessary food, took pity on the
 poor man.
 a 1 d aDJr emce for your he
 said, wnen he found the painter with
 his arms open, seated by the latticed
 window of bis cell, as iflongmg to rush
 forth upon the beauteous landscape
 which be could no longer behold.
 Guide me once more to the altar
 upon which 1 painted my laat picture,”
 begged the unfortunate man, and the
 pious brother could not refuse him that
reqaect. At midnight, when the iV
 bot and the other monka were nelnnp,
 he guided him to the chapel, led him to
 i the foot of the ikar, end tkre left him
 alone, promieing to return early in the
 morning to conduct the painter back to
 hia cell.
 But the good monk awoke too late on
 the folloming morning, and could not
 venture to guide the blind men from the
 church, as the other monks would hare
 perceived it. He had barely sufficient
 time to bide Suriiu in a deep wooden
 confessional chair, which had stood un
 used for a long time behind the altar.
 There the artist had to remain during
 the whole day, and listen to the religious
 services of the monks. Secretly, his
 I friend managed at noon to give him
 some food, and promised him to return
 at night, and conduct him back to his
 cell. This he did, but the blind paint
 or had marked the way which led to the
 church, and aa the monks bad gradu
 ally omitted to lock his cell (since they
 believed that the poor blind man could
 not leave his little room without aid)
 he stole every evening to the church,
 prayed in front of the altar, and then
 passed a great part of the time in the
 wooden confessional, where he worked
 silently and mysteriously.
 Upon his couch be had found the
 kuile which the monks had used to blind
 him, and iu the intenseness of his pains
 and misery, the unhappy man was upon
 the point of making that weapon the
 instrument of suicide. But an invisi
 ble hand restrained him from commit
 ting this great sin, which would have
 made him truly deserving of all the
 misery he had endured. Heaven nev
 er had given him the rare ability of
 conceiving his glorious pictures to al
 low him to commit a deadly sin, be
 cause the power of representing his
 fancies on canvas was lost to him for
 ever.
 He was frightened at his own cow
 ardly intentions, and determined now to
 make the instrument of death the in
 strument of his future consolation. As
 he could no longer represent his de
 signs in colors, he began to cut them
 in wood, and his sense of feeling
 became a substitute for the sense oi
 sight. With the sharp knife he had
 obtained, and after an immense deal of
 labor, he thus cut the whole history
 of his misfortune upon the wooden side
 of the confesional. He spent many
 years upon this labor, and forgot his
 misery in the employment. No one
 discovered his nightly walks, nor hie
 work in the church, and gradually the
 monks felt so secure that they opened
 the chiirch to any and every strangei
 who desired to see George Surlin’s fas)
 and bqst picture.
 Often at these times, was the pool
 blind artist a silent and unsuspected
 witness of the admiration bestowed up
 on his work by foreign artists, none oi
 whom ever dreamed that the master,
 whose genius was so warmly lauded by
 them, whose rare talent they so envied,
 was hidden, a blind and wretched old
 man, behind the altar, working with in
 defatigable patience upon a wooden pic
 ture.
 From the day when his carved pic
 ture was finished, he remained silently
 and patiently awaiting his end, which
 came on the third day delivering hin
 from all earthly pain and sorrow. Am
 now, only, could the monks breatht
 more freely, for the silent lunatic, —foi
 such they believed him be, when the}
 saw him so often, and without a mur
 mur, seeming, with sightless eyes t&lt;
 stare upon vacancy,—that silent luna
 tic now lay deep beneath the sod, anc
 with him the fearful secret of theii
 guilt was buried. Nor did they spar&lt;
 masses for his soul, to procure for the
 poor artist, whom they had robbed o
 all the good and beautiful in life, happi
 ness in death, and heavenly rest, ai
 they, in their mental blindness, though
 their masses could do. The woodei
 confessional, however, was never open
 ed, and thus nobody discovered the las
 work of the blind artist.
 Meanwhile, the abbot had easily suc
 ceeded in exciting the jealousy and en
 vy of other monasteries, for the beau
 titul painting that adorned the altar o
 his; many foreign artists and high no
 ble gentlemen came from far and near
 to look upon this rare work of art, am
 all regretted the early death of thi
 great master.
 It happened, that one day, a travel
 ler visited the monastery, who coul&lt;
 scarcely leave the altar or stop gaziug
 so great was his admiration of th&lt;
 painting. Nothing escaped his atten
 tion or notice, and thus it chanced tha
 he observed a beautifully carved rose
 upon the pannel of the door of an ole
 wooden confessional. The door am
 the whole confessional chair were s&lt;
 dust-covered, that it was evident the}
 had not been used by the monks for ma
 ny years.
 Besides the greatest painter, yoi
 seem to’have had one of the greates;
 carvers at work here,” he said, in i
 tone of astonishment, to the monk wh&lt;
 accompanied him. The rose was in re
 ality a masterpiece in its way. Hii
 companion, however, assured him tha
 there was no carved or sculpture-wort
 any where in the church, and that tht
 rose must have come there by some un
 accountable accident.
 This reply excited the stranger's cu
 riositv still more, and he opened thi
 door of the confessional to see whethei
 he could find any more carved work b}
 the same master-hand that had execu
 ted the rose. At tirst the door wouk
 not open, for the old hinges had rusted
 but at last they yielded, sending a
 creaking and ominous sound througl:
 the chapel. The stranger entered tha
 chair, and stepped upon a hard sub
 stance, which rattled over the fiaga.—
 Raising it, he observed that it was a
 knife, which bore old blotches of Moos
 upon its blade. The monk waagreatlj
 frightened, for he it once recognizee
 the knife as having been one of the twe
 w hich had been used in the torture o:
 the unfortunate artist. How could thal
 knife have come to this place? Wau
 it through a miracle, in order to bring
 now, after so many years had elapsed,
 that black deed to light and its perpe
 trators to justice?
 The length of time had loosed Ike
 panels from the frame-work of the con
 fessional, and as it seemed to the stran
 ger that be copid, even in the dusk dis
 cover some carving of merit than he
 raiaed the paoel, took it owl and
 brought it te the tight.
 r -1 it u
And no# terror end Tear betel the
 mk, who had already been horrified
 at the Mffctwltfco knife, aod he ruabed
 from the chapel, exclaiming
 lbii&gt;iGiittihfffa.”h&lt;effwi
 thegrave to acceeehiemurdereie!”
 The at ranger now perceived that ic
 hia hood be held the picture of a man,
 who had been deprived of both eyes,
 as drops of blood seemed to tall upon
 the cheeks from the sightless sockets
 His face wore the expression of intents
 misery, sad seemed to implore mercy
 of two monks who were standing before
 him; one of theae atili held a knife in
 hia band, wbilat tba other (whose face
 expressed a fiendish triumph) wai
 breaking his pallet and brushes.
 There could not be s moment’s doubl
 of the import and meaning of this pic
 ture; nor was the master hand which
 had painted the altar-piece, to be mis
 taken in the grouping and formation ol
 these carved figures. The strangei
 needed not the additional evidence ol
 the exclamations of the frightened
 monk, to understand the connection ol
 the whole terrible mystery.
 Hastily he left the monastery, and
 took the carved picture with him. Bui
 he soon returned with a long train, and
 the officers of justice, whom he had
 sought, soon forced a confession of theii
 fearful and wicked deed from the
 monks. These were punished with the
 utmost rigor of justice, and in memo
 ry of their wickedness, the wonderfully
 carved panel was inserted in the dooi
 of the vestry, where it may be seen tc
 this day.
 From the Southern Christian Advocate.
 AN ORIGINAL LETTER Of DR.
 FRANKLIN.
 Messrs. Editors:—ln my reading 1
 have fallen upon the following original
 letter from Dr. B. Franklin. The occa
 sion of its production seems to be the
 following After the emancipation oi
 the North American States from the civi
 and ecclesiastical power of the Britisli
 Crown, the few remaining clergymen
 of the Episcopal Church, wishing to
 perpetuate the office of the Episcopate,
 sent some of their brethren to England,
 to obtain from the British King, Parlia
 ment, and Archbishop of Canterbury,
 Episcopal prerogatives. In this attempt
 they met with many difficulties, and for
 sympathy and help they wrote to Dr.
 Franklin, the then American minister
 at the court of France. The following
 is his reply
 To Messrs. Weems and Grant, citizens
 of the United States in London.
 Paris, 18th July, 1849.
 Gentlemen, —On receipt of your let
 ter acquainting me that the Archbishop
 of Canterbury would not permit you tc
 be ordained unless you took the oath ol
 allegiance, I applied to a clergyman ol
 my acquaintance for information on the
 subject of your obtaining ordination
 here. His opinion was that it could be
 done and that if it were done, you
 would be required to vow obedience tc
 the Archbishop of Paris. I next inquir
 ed of the Pope’s Nuncio whether you
 might not be ordained by the Bishop ol
 America, powers being sent him for the
 purpose-r—if he had them not already.
 The answer was, the thing is impossi
 ble, unless the gentlemen become Cath
 olics. This is an affair of which I know
 but very little, and therefore I may ask
 questions and propose means that are
 improper or impracticable. But whal
 is the necessity of your being connect
 ed with the Church of England?—
 Would it not do as well if you were
 of the church of Ireland The religion
 is the same, though there is a different
 set of Bishops and Archbishops. Per
 haps if you were to apply to the Bishop
 of Derry, who is a man of liberal senti
 ments, he might give you orders, as oi
 that Church. If both Britain and Ire
 land refuse you, (and I am not sure
 that the Bishop of Denmark or Swe
 den would ordain you, unless you be
 came Lutherans) what is then to be
 done? Next to becoming Presbyte
 rians, the Episcopalian clergy of Ame
 rica, in my humble opinion, cannot do
 much better than to follow the exam
 ple of the first clergy of Scotland soon
 after the conversion of that country
 to Christianity, when their King had
 built the Cathedral of St. Andrew’s,
 and requested the King of Northumber
 land to lend his Bishops to ordain one
 of them, that their clergy might not, as
 heretofore, be obliged to go to North
 umberland for orders and their re
 quest was refuced. They assembled
 in the Cathedral, and the mitre, crosier,
 and robes of a Bishop being laid upon the
 altar, they, after earnest prayers for
 direction in their choice, elected one of
 their own number, when the King
 said to him, “Arise, go to the Altar,
 and receive your office at the hand of
 God.” His brethren led him to the al
 tar, robed him, put the crosier in his
 hand, and lie became the first Bishop o.'
 Scotland. If the British Islands were
 sunk in the sea (and the surfqpe of the
 globe has suffered great changes,) you
 would probably take some such method
 as this and if they persist in denying
 your ordination, it is the same thing.—
 A hundred years hence, when people
 are more enlightened, it will be wonder
 ed at, that men in America, qualified
 by their learning and piety to pray for
 and instruct their neighbors should not
 be permitted to do it, till they had made
 a voyage of six thousand miles out and
 home, to ask leave of a cross old gen
 tleman at Canterbury, who seems by
 your account to have as little regard
 for the souls of the people of Maryland,
 as King William’s Attorney, General
 Seymour had for those of Virginia.-
 The Rev. Commisaary who projected
 the College of that province, and was in
 England to solicit benefactions and a
 charter, relates that the Queen, in the
 King’a absence, having ordered Sey
 mour to draw up the charter, which
 waa to be given with $2,000 in money,
 m opposed the grant, saying that the
 Nation was engaged in an expensive
 war, that the money was wanted for bet
 tor purposes, and he did not see the
 ieast occasion for a College in Virgin
 ,™r represented to him that its
 intention waa to educate and qualify
 young men to be ministers of the gospel,
 much wanted there, and begged Mr.
 Attorney would consider that the people
 of Virginia had souls to be saved aa
 well as those of England. *‘80010,”
 said be your tools, —make to
 bacco.
 I have the honor te be, gentlemen, Ac.,
 b, aujckun.
2Upattscmcnlo.
MOKTHAJOTOS WATER CUBE.
 ELECTRICITY BTOIOPATUV•
 vpHE important principle* ofChtaneoua Electricity,
 X che discovery of which by the dfctermgwed, bu
 opened so widen field for scieatificeed phynioiog icml
 investigation, though ridiculed end opposed at iu
 fine auMMeMh i« 1844, h j Mrfloi and profes
 sedly scientific mew, being new sustained by eminent
 men of philosophic end scientific knowledge, and by
 the experience end testimony of thousands, who bate
 tested bis theory by examinations in their own eases,
 the undersigned is confident that this principle of
 natural and physiological law, needs otdy to be on
 derstood to be justly appreciated by aa' intelligent
 aad investigating public.
 Sustained by such testimony, and more than firt
 years’ practical experience as a Diagoosian and Hy
 dro pa thist, the undersigned would here repeat die
 conolusioni at which he has arrived by the sense of
 t"**ch. Ist. That the human body, ia a hssWiy
 condition, is in a posUtve tUctncal ttait. 2d. That
 there are electrical emanations from the cnticlar
 j surface, indicative of health, or the nature and
 E upturns of disease. 3d. That in all cases where
 wrist, stomach, or lungs, are in an electro-posi
 tive state, (however disturbed,) there is hope of a
 care; but w hen the parts of the body alluded to are
 in the electro-negative state, Hydropathy can afford
 no relief.
 Had uoi the results of bis unset ice already con
 vinced the public of the truthfulness of the principles
 by which (he undersigned is governed, in detecting
 the nature and symptoms of disease, the recent phi
 losophical and scientific demonstration of their cor
 rectness, by *Profcs*or Means, of Georgia, and Mr.
 Hemmer, of England, and the facts and corrobora
 tive testimony adduced by L&gt;r. Forbes, Mr. S»mee.
 and others, should be sufficient to convince the most
 sceptical.
 Gratefully appreciating the credit so generously
 awarded for his success u a Diagnostic and Hy
 i dropathic Practitioner, by a discerning public, and
 the graduate evinced by those whom be has had the
 pleasure to relieve of their complaints, die under
 signed will endeavor to merit die confidence of all
 who may afford him an opportunity to effect a cure,
 by his orrginal and philosophical method of practice.
 The Northampton Water Cure is pleasantly situ
 ated near Bensouville, on the west bank of Licking
 Water, or Mill River, about two and a half miles
 from the centre of the town. It is conveniently
 arranged, with parlors, separate bathing and dress
 ing-rooms, for Ladies and Gentlemen, well venti
 lated and conveniently furnished lodging rooms, and
 a variety of baths, alaindantly supplied w ith water,
 which, for purity, and adaptedness to water-cure
 purposes, is unsurpassed by that of any other estab
 lishment in this country. A new and commodious
 building lias just been completed, containing a spa
 cious dining hall,and pleasant lodging rooms, which,
 with the main building, will accommodate from 60
 to 60 patients. A Gymnasium connected with the
 establishment, affords an agreeable and healthful
 indoor exercise. The scenery in this vicinity is
 picturesque and romantic. There are a variety of
 pleasaut walks, sufficiently retired to allow- the pa
 tients to enjoy their rambles without being exposed
 to public gaze or observation
 Among tlie complaints which are here successfully
 treated, are headache, tendency of blood to the head,
 cold extremities, general and nervous debility, brou
 chitis, pulmonary affection, liver complaint, jaun
 dice, acute or chronic inflammation of tlte bowels,
 piles, dispepsy, general debility, nervous and 9pinal
 affections, inflammatory and chronic rheumatism,
 neuralgia, sciatica, laine limbs, paralysis, fevers, salt
 rheum, scrofulous and erysipelas humors.
 All persons who visit this establishment for a
 course of treatment, should furnish themselves with
 three comfortables, three woollen blankets, one or
 two linen and three cotton sheets, two pillow cases,
 six or eight crash towels, some well worn liiien, to
 cut for fomentations, an old cloak or mantle, an uni
 i brella, and a pair of slippers.
 TtKMS.—For treatment and board from $5 50 tc
 88 50 per week, payable weekly. For a patient
 (from choice or the nature of bis complaint) occu
 pying a room alone on the first and second floors
 89 00—with room-mate, $6,50. For one alone oi
 (he third floor, 88 50—with room-mate, 85 50
 Patients requiring extra attention or fire in theii
 1 rooms, (except for swathing purposes,) will furuisl
 i their own nurses and fuel, or pay an extra price
 For patients receiving treatment at home, 81 00.
 Terms fur examination, from 82 00 to 85 00
 Post-paid letters, with one dollar enclosed, solici
 ting advice, will receive attention. Correspondin;
 patients should be particular iu stating their las
 treatment and its effects.
 DAVID RUGGLES.
 Northampton, Matt., 1849.
 I IV.B. Visitors to the Establishment, from th
 east, west, or south, can take the cars of the Conn
 j River Railroad at Springfield. Carriages wil
 always be in readiness at the Northampton depot, ti
 'convey them hither. That the sick and uervou:
 may not be disturbed after retiring, visitors arrivin'
 in the evening train arc requestsd to take lodging’
 i at a hotel.
 j The human blood, in a normal and healthy con
 i dition of the system, is in a positive state, wliicl
 is constantly maintained by the activity of th
 generating sources within—an excess generally pass
 ng off in silence from the cuticuiar surface, so tna
 out of 356 experiments made by Mr. Hemmer c
 England, upon the uncovered skin,” 322 indicate
 i the presence of positive electricity. This eurplusag
 of the fluid upon the surface, we believe to be indis
 i pensable to the healthful condition of the whol
 animal economy, aud that when, from any cause, i
 is diminished or ceases, diseased action ensues.'
 i See address delivered before the Medical College c
 1 Georgia, at the opening of its annual session, ftuv
 18, 1847, by A. Means, A.M., M.D., Professor
 I Chemistry and Pharmacy, and Professor of Physics
 Science in Emory College, Ga., jrage 25
 Dr. John Forbes, editor of the British and Foi
 eign Medical Review, in an able article on the cor
 dition and function of the skin, says: Perhap
 there is scarcely any disease in which the font
 tion of the skin is not, to some extent, deranged
 To what extent, physicians have not bestowed sul
 ficient pains to learn; nor have they been accustome
 to give much attention to this part, in the practice
 investigation of diseases. Phvsiolog
 teaches us that it is the vehicle for conveying on
 of the system a large amount of matter, as well solii
 as liauid; and practical experience exhibits it as
 the channel through which the mot mu mortn in
 many instances, and tlie burtlieu of plethora gene
 rally, find their exit.”
 The London Sun, alluding to the discovery o
 j voltaic electricity by Alfred Stnee, Surgeon to th&lt;
 Bank of England, says: “By a test which he term
 electro-voltaic, lie has satisfied himself ihit the ter
 uiinatoins of the sensor nerves are positive poles c
 a voltaic circuit, while the muscular substance is th
 negative pole. Tlie sensor nerves are the telegraph'
 I which carry tlie sensation to the brain, and the moto
 nerves carry luck tlie volition to tlie muscles. S.
 N. Y. Tribune, April 7, 1849.
 Dr. Hoilick, on the subject of electricity, remarks
 1 There it no agent dial affects the body uture, boll
 naturally and artificially.** See his work on .Neu
 ropathy, published in Philadelphia in 1847, p. 127
 The following extract is from an interesting am
 cie ou electricity, copied by tlie N. Y. Jonmal o
 Commerce from a foreign Scientific Deview: “I
 do not pretend to say that a deficiency of electricity
 may not occur in one part of the huw.in bodv, am
 an excess in some other part, for a time, and that
 this may not be the cause of disease, and the resto
 ration of the equilibrium the cure; I think tbit mow
 I likely, and that it if upon this principle, in a grea
 measure, that the wonderful effects of efectri -mag
 net ism, in the cure of disease, are to be explained
 It is certain that, when our electrical nuirhinrs ap
 most actively productive, we all feel moat vigorous
 Our nervous systems are then most firm; our diges
 ive organs most active; our minds most dear.*’
 Asylum for Ike Mick who have been con«
 fitted to their beds from 1 to 20 year*.
 T\R. HAMILTON’S Hydropathic and Anyalyth
 XJ Asylum, No 217 Exchange Btree t, opposite tin
 Orphan Asylum, Rochester, N.Y. This lnstitutiot
 is now firmly established and in successful opera
 tion. The proprietor analyses every diseas e*diat ii
 admitted there, and allies the natural and appro
 priate remedy. Although water ia used in every way
 *PP ,le&lt;l n »ater-cure establishment u
 the L oiled States, yet the proprietor wishes it to b«
 expressly understood that it is not rebed on as thesnii
 or principal iemedy in the treatment of disease sub
 mitted to his care.
 This Establishment is designed for class oi
 invalids who have foiled to obtain their health bv ai
 other system, of practice, and me stiUtLbSS U
 wafo or stand on their feet, aad are confined to theii
 beds, wearing out a life of misery aed safieriag with
 out any hope of ever heiug any better.
 The remedies made use oTm this I net iunion oo
 oaiy entirely remove disease bat give increase*
 strath and elasticity to th. system. Many hav,
 been brought here from difersot parts of the coun
 try, who had neither walked or bone their weigh
 on their feet from five to fifteen years; aad smrn
 wko have been unable to dress or undrtas, or evet
 to feed themselves, and in the course of a few week,
 would be walking with the elasticity of youth ant
 foe quickness of a pedestrian, astonished at ttwry*
 salves, aad surprising their friends and nil who saa
 them whaa they first earns. The treatment of thu
 Institution is perucaforiy ralenfeisd to remove Urn
 diseases peculiar to females, such as
 J*- V? Wipgofiha Womb, in afl its stage*
 aad eaadiooas ia pal mats, from twelve yearn ef am
 op to sixty, and area if they have beea confined u
 (hmr hods frasneeo to twenty, aonfais to stand, walk
 dr—a, er andsaas theawoW er even too hakim
 bear nay omse nr speek aloud.
 3d- Weakness and Faffing of the Bowels: Fait
 rathe fed., Shoulders. Barit Hend-fimL
w*®», Suppression of the Me—, Eut*i&gt;Vf
 H*—l—i wte*, id firm* Durant, Cold
 F—t and H—de, Si. Anthony’# Dun, Tetters of
 all kind*, Sak Rlteum, in it* worn (mai, Neural
 fie, Tie Dwrtowi.ua, Rheumatism, Conromptiod ia
 ila feat stagna, Goners! Wnlim end DefcsW.
 The propriety baa tirtn his whole attemkia t*&gt;
 the above disease* for the last i years, and ha*
 treated the— in an entirely different way from any
 other private practice or pufciic Jnettfetwe in tlii*
 country and such baa been his forces*, and so rer- i
 tain are remedies in their effect* oo those dia- i
 eases, that instead nf publishing a long list of cer
 tifad ewree, he wishes to five mat rfess of invalid*
 seeking to oUain their health n aiftrifni farewe
 against any false pretension*. exaggeration, i«f«
 aition or deception, ilwt no one need be to any
 expense in this Institution srlrhotit being benefited
 The proprietor will eater into a special contrac.
 with any one who wishes to ik» so, ihat he will ad
 tint into the Institution, «o advance the money am;
 pay all the expense* fr«iu any part of the United
 St-.tes here and hr* k home again, before he com
 mences the ueatment.and give a bom! to board them,
 totethei with his profossioiMl services, for nothing,
 if he dues not help liiem according to contract. Any
 one thinking the above proposition not a *ufiic«*nt
 guarantee against nisiept mentation* and expense
 without receiving equal Icuefit, can let tiie proprie
 tor know what wiL be satisfactory ami it shall U
 duly co- side red.
 This Institution has grown up from private prac
 tice by tl»e indnence of tliose who have Iwen i*d;;e&lt;i
 liere, as nothing has ever been published before;
 and the proprietor means that it sliall sustain use),
 by its own merits, m pay tlie ex|&gt;eii*e of iliusc who
 choose to make a cent act in case of failure. Tlie
 design of this Circular is not to umke known thei
 cures that have l*en maile in this in&gt;4iUition, hecaiuw
 they must soon be heheved; but u&gt; I, t it U- n&lt;n
 extensively knouu to tlie poor suffering invalids’
 that have spent hundreds of dollars in trying all
 other system* of practice, and without much or an\
 benefit, and still remain confined to their beds from
 five to twenty years, that theie i* an Institution
 wliose treatment is different from any other one die
 United States, and is particularly adapted to theii
 situation, and can have it cost tliein nothing unless
 they are materially benefited.
 From the nature of treatment iu'his Institution,
 the number of patients must be limited, thereloi e die
 proprietor does not solicit the patronage of slight and
 ordinary cases wbicii may be easily helped I v other
 systems of practice; nor doe* he want any one to;
 come, unless they wish to grt well, and are willing
 to be made well enough to walk from fire to twenty
 miles at a time, and foib'v it up day after day iu
 succession; and also willing to be made able to” en-.
 dure as much labor aed fatigue as most of people
 that call themselves well, as he means that every j
 one that goes througl a thorough course of treatment
 iu die Analytic Institution shall show by their in-i
 creased strength, elasticity of motion, firmness of f
 texture, capability of endurance, ami impioved
 health, that the treatment in Uiis Institution is found
 ed on the natural laws of organised matter, and’
 consequently its superiority over every other dif
 ferent system of pract.ce.
 All communications addressed to Dr. THOMAS
 HAMILTON, Rochester, post paid, will receive
 immediate attention. If requested, reference will
 be made to those who have been helped in dtis Insu
 tutiou and also good references as to responsibility
 orthe proprietor to meet the above expense* if,'
 required.
Halsted’s Eclectic Medical Institute,
 and Water-Cure Establishment.
 i
 THIS limitation hat been in successful operation
 during fourteen y ears, tor the cure ot' ail Chronic
 Diseases, and tuch as canndt be removed by medi-
 I cine alone.
 MURE THAN THREE THOUSAND Pa
 tients have been restored to health and usefulness
 hy the trealinent pursued at this Institution, who
 could not find r&lt; lief by any other couise of medi
 cine. Hundreds who had been confined to theirl
 beds for years, and who were almost in dtspair,
 have had renewed hope and courage w hen they have
 learned that others, laboring under as many discour
 agements a* themselves, have been cured by tins
 treatment after everything else had failed.
 Those who are laboring under CHRON IC, NER
 VOUS, or SPINAL difficulties, CURVATURES,
 &amp;c., which produce symptom* 01 almost all uthei
 diseases, with their accompaniments—as DYS
 PEPSIA, RHEUMATIsM,N EURALGIA, COS.
 TIVENESS LOSS OF THE USE OF THE
 LIMBS, NUMBNESS, LOW SPIRITS, P.\”.
 TI *L INSANITY, and a host of other d’ uea[it 3
 arising from the same cause—SPlN A WE.A k
 i NESS, which they nor their physicians understand,
 and which medicine alone will not cure—to such
 sufferers we would say, we are curing hundreds just
 t like you every year. Physician* bring their wives
 and children to have them cured—why not come
 yourselves, and save life, time and money
 We are using water in all tlie various wavs in
 which it is applied in water-cure establishments; yet
 we do not rely se ely upon it, or upon medicines as
 they are generally understood and applied; but a
 COMBINED TREATMENT WITH U L LCTKICI rY,
 and anew mode of application which truly is magi
 cal in its efficacy, and is always sure to cure, in one
 hall the time it takes under any other treatment,
 allowing that treatment to be successful, which is not
 the case one time in ten.
 Female Diseases. —Prolapsus Uteri (falling
 of the womb,) Leucorrhea, [white*] suppressed and
 excessive menstruation, the diseases incident to
 that period known as the 4 turn of life’—involuntary
 ij discharge of urine and injuries from Childhearing,
 •j which are more frequent than Physician*are willing
 to acknowledge,especially within their own practice.
 1 Females frequently suffer for years from the diseases
 incident to their sex, and linger out a life of help
 lessness and pain, when a ft w weeks’ or at most a
 few months’treatmeiit, would lemove their difficulties
 F and restore them to their families, with health to
 I labor, to enjoy themselves, and to contribute to the
 1 happiness of other*. ’Phi* has never failed to be
 i accomplished in a single instance in this Institution,
 however weak, aud helpless tlie patient mav liave
 been on entering it. Many have tome hundreds of
 I miles on beds, in easy chans, by boat, by carriage
 and railroad, who liatl not walked for years. These
 ladi- s have walked mile* daily befoie leaving die
 Institution.
 Hitch u jut knowledge and confidence in thus unpar
 alelled treatment Jar all long standing or Chronic dis
 j eases, of whatever kind or nature, that we will offer the
 following
 PROPOSITION:
 Wt will enter into a special wnttm agreement with
 such as desire it, who enter the Institution, follow the
 rules and regulations, and go through the system of
 treatment to pay their travelling expenses to and from
 the Institution, and board, lodge and nurse them, and
 j give them our professional services, free of charge, if
 they are not helped according to agreement. This it is
 hoped will put a stop to cne* of einpyriciam fiom
 j those interested in keeping patients under their own
 charge, and will be a guarantee to those worn out
 by disease, who have spent much of their substance
 in procuring medicine, and seeking relief, without
 finding it; that here they will nut spend their money
 without benefit, and dmt no iai*e statements or im
 positions will lie practiced upon diem.
 The modus operandi of curing Female difficulties is
 a new discovery and practised only at this Institution.
 The most helpless and feeble cases, who hate bun con
 fined for years are relieved immediately, and ij not pre
 vented from walking by OTHER diseases, can go up
 and down stairs in 4 Skews after commencing treatment,
 without fear or trouble in regard to their o RI o I v L dif
 ficulty. To product this almost trut-.ntane.ua relief,
 the patient is subjected to no p&lt;un or inconvenience, an t
 in every instance speedy curt is performed. If any
 one doubts let them, select the most trying and diffi
 cult case they can find, and tut our veracity and shill.
 Our terms ore easy.
 N. B.—Any one wishmg to know more about oui
 system of treatment for Lose disease* or any other
 difficulty can addreas us [peat paid] and we will
 send them an account of tbt institution— Certificates
 of cure—official report of last year, Ac., free of
 dmrge—together with the moet'respectable refer
 ences in the city and country
 P. d. Our room is oin ted. therefore we want
 none to apply that can be cured at home. We pride
 ourselves m curing what others me not fortunate
 enough to do.
 Commumcatious should be addressed to H a l st r D
 Hall, Medical Institute, Roche. ter, N. Y., post
 paid.
 u Field Ex-Mayor, and
 Rev. t». Mi. Montgomery, Rochester. N Y.
 “Every Mai his own Physician,”
 THE HOME DOCTOR.
 TpT PUBLISHED, a new and valuable book
 a for every lamily in the country, and one that max
 be consulted with perfect safety. At its title out*
 indicates, ,t is “THE HOME DOCTOR, or Family
 ,T,n S osuses, symptoms and treatment
 of Diseases; with an account of the system while in
 health, and rules for preserving that stale. Appro
 led to ttiucb are recipe* for making various meiii*
 cieee and articles for diet for the sick room. The
 whole written for general use and daily practice, by
 John B. Newman, M. D."
 Also, accompanying this book, or separate, is
 “THE HERB BOOK, a book devoted exclusively
 to Herbs, giving their names, varieties,de*cnpuoo.
 medical properties and doers, use, time of gathering,
 and many other directions very useful for every fam
 ily to know, and written expressly for feiady use.”
 The Herb Book is devoted solely to Popular Med
 ea! botany, and sriil furnish on that point all the
 weired information wanted for genera I use
 The two books arc put up and bound together and
 contain SOI pages, price W cents, or sold ;*nttc
 at 124 cents.
 The symptoms ef «adi disease are carefully given
 so last «ae nay be recognised from another, i« pi,;
 vent practising is the dark; nine the treatment
 sketch uf general physfolofy, and wks for keeper!
 tn health, together with ©beervsumw on their oawsoc,
 jnmaM edf inWHlfl mm*|
 w Mur
deratouri \rj trtmrm -bar* jUMctoi phy*i
 tcmsisH tborfxith t-nao M. r fr^
 It With ,u| MHbg work mpev, r
 mmU it*rwn« tmf/stkm boe*U*f «k» hied ever
 p«W.*b*d at the pri„.
 F«nili«» is the oc-.trt .ande*psck% tbtw liv
 r” If Cw ,rtr elmM, should
 to proem* copy sod hare it at all ban at
 n*na, in c»te of itoknMi a— a. frf L,
 SitT! b W,her nrb i book
 sboukd htmwwy hww m *wfe tD d M^iam
 time of nead, Um direct too gn M f„r neraor. tn
 cai.;iot lie too strictly attended u, bTidl
 The rr*e at which the book to w&gt;H L.* lh
 ctrery family may hare cn«, and T&gt;#w
 without it.
 Hu- book i. put tip »n Paper bi
 ea-ily I* sent by mail. Pottage only 6j ceou to a».
 aart of the United State*. 1
 otj“ Any person «endin* us ant dWT«C U mail sad
 pml iwytiif ;»*♦*s• on the letter, shaff hav* ’foor
 copies *cnt him fm e/pmtaft.
 5- mi in yoer ordersa, thrt* is no risk in seadioc
 rm nev by mail, it come* to us daily, and the book*
 alw.iy t reach ihV destination.
 [o* Four families can dob together and send a
 f or
 A l Agent* in tno*t of tbe States to sad
 tin* work, aimoat every fainil* will t
 carried to their d tors. A small capital of ftvan fib
 to $5O will be necessary for each agent. A&lt;kites*
 T»*tp*id, GKO. W. FISHER,
 April 1,1549. 6 Exchange-*!, Roc I tester, K. Y
'g, w. MERCHANT'S
 I I. E B II A T K l&gt;
 (rARGLING oil.!
 /ok hopaks Hr&gt;m ni'.Mi J
UNPARAILED IN THE BISTORT OF
 MEDICINE
 AS THE HOST
 Remarkable External Application
 Ever Discovered!
 TIME and experience Imre fully proved that tkii
 UNIVERSAL REMEDY* Iias not ita equal
 on the lii*t ot populnr medicines, haring been before
 the public for mote than fourteen years. Testimo
 ny of the most disinterested diameter of its wou
 dertul effects on the animal economy is almost daily
 presented to Uie proprietor. It is worthy of spe
 cial i emaik, that beside the great and extraordinary
 powers in the cure of
 DISEASES OF THE HORSE,
 in which its viitues first attracted the attention ot'
 the Farrier and Farmer, and the wonder of the
 pul-he generally, it haa been successfully employed
 in a great variety of the maladies which
 AFFLICT THE HUMAN RACE.
 Ignorance of facta and philosophy, start at the
 assertion that any one remedy can posaeaa within
 itself the virtue ot’ curing many diseases. Experi
 ence of more than fourteen years has nevertheless
 established the fact, that Merchant’s Celebrated
 Harding Oil, or Universal Family Embrocation,
 will cure most vases and relieve such as tba follow
 ing, among many others in the cuie of which ihia
 Oil has been completely successful and in which oth
 er pretended rented et have completely failed:
 RHEUMATISM, PAINFUL NERVOUS A/’-
 fections, Bites of Animals, Frost Bites, Corns,
 Boils, Whitlows, Asthma, Bruises, Burns,
 mid Scalds, Cramps, Strains, Sprains,
 Fleers Irota local causes. Caked
 Breasts, Contractions of the mus
 cles,Wounds, Swellings, fee.
 Also a host of diseases
 in Horse* and othei
 animals,such as
 SPA VINS,
 Sweeney,
 RINGBONZ,
 Wtmlgali, Evil,
 S? U&gt; IlceU,
 t of all kinds,
 &lt;eah Wound-, Bruises,
 Fistula,Sitlast, Strains, Lameness,
 Sand Cracks, Foundered Feet, Scratches,
 OIL GREASE, MANGE, FARCY, ft., fc
 I _\ uiiieruiis are the unsolicited statements of pa
 tients themselves,and others who have used the Oil,
 I of cures w Inch in themselves appear so remarkable
 that were they at all interested m a pecuniary point,
 they could hardly have been credited.
 The celebiatt-d Ur. Barker also writes as follows:
 Dear Sir: I have prescribed your Gargl ng Oil in
 various cases of
 PRACTICAL SURGERY,
 as a liniment, w ith marked success, and would com
 mend it to physicians generally for external us# in
 all contusions, tnniois, sprains, while swellings,
 and in all iheumatic aftections, where external
 mean* are necessary. As a discutiem, it is harm
 less w l.eic the febrile symptoms have been reduced
 by general treatment. In sucli cases, it is the most
 eiheient remedy within the circle of means uow in
 use.
 1 would also recommend it to community at largs
 as a «ate and powerful remedy w here there is no
 general lever in all the above diseases, to be used
 treely, and to counteract intiaiumation in a remark
 able manner. In I ruined wounds it prevents swell
 ing, and consequent soreness in hot weather.
 From tlie peculiar nature of this Oil, and the
 unparalleled success it has met with in tbe hands of
 tin- FARRIER, FARMER and STAGE PRO
 PRIETOR, it is but justice to say, that of the
 great number of medicines which have been offered,
 none have been well adapted to the prompt curs
 of Disease* to which lloraes are liable; it has been
 very justly called a Complete Banacea for the Hors#.
 For instance, read the following:
 TO OWNERS OF HORSES.
 This is to certily that 1 have had for many years th#
 care of from one hundied to two hundred horses
 and have made use of Merchant’s Gargling Oil for
 two years past, and can safely say, that for ail the
 diseases that horses are liable to, 1 never saw its
 equal. 1 use about one bottle per mouth, and re
 eommend it to the public is the best medicine for
 hoises now in use* E D MIISOR.
 Ail orders addressed to Uie proprietor will be
 promptly responded to.
 Get a pamphlet of tlie Agent, and sec what won
 ders aie accomplished by tbe use of this medicias.
 Sold by respectable dealers generally in tb« Uni
 ted Stitt* and Canada.
 Also by Post fit Willis, Wat. Pitkih.L- B.
 Swan, Winslow Yolno, H. D. *Val&gt;».
 Rochester.
 ii E Gaylord, Henderson It Panderaon, Clave*
 land, O.; G Ding It Son, Columbus, O.; Gordon
 fit Is.ael, Cincinnati, O.; McClure It Co, Albany;
 Hollister fit Co, BuHalo; Greenmaa It Smith, Uti»
 ca; P D Orris fit Co, Troy,.\ Y. July If—f«.
British Periodical Literature.
 The London Quarterly Eevuu/, the Edinburgh JTws'nii
 The *\Trth Bruuh Jinuw, the Wutwuneter ft mm,
 and Blaokwood't Edinburgh Magazine.
 I HE wide-.-piead lame of lit*.* splendid periodi
 cal. rentier* it needles* to My mucii in their praise-
 K» literary organa, they stand far in ndvanoe of
 uiytiiing of the sort now published, while tho poire
 cal complexion of each it mm Led by a dignity,
 1 1 odor, and forbearance, not often found in worse
 )f a party ch.meter.
 1 hey embrace tire views of the three great parties
 n England— Tory, Whig, and Kadi cal. Black
 wood and the London Quarterly are 'lory; the
 Edinburgh Review Whig; and the Wesuain
 iter Renew Radical. The North British Ra
 riew ia more of a religioue character, having beta
 rrigmally edited by Ur. Chalmers, and now, tinea
 death, being conducted by hi. son-in-law, Ur.
 Hanna, associated with bir Uavid Brewetr. Ite
 iterary character i« of the very ingheat order. TVa
 W ettiuiotter, itiough reprinted under that title only,
 ie pubtieeed iu England under the title of The For*
 iiign Quarterly and Westminster— -it being ia facta
 union of tire two Rev tea* formerly republished aad
 reprinted under sepaiste titiee. It has, therefore,
 the advantage i y tin. combination of uaitiag ia oee
 wotk Uie beet feature, of both as heretofore iteued.
 'I be above Periodicals are reprinted in New York,
 i mined lately on their arrival by the British Meumti,
 in a beautilui clear type, cm tine white Paper, sad
 are faithful ropie. of the original*, Blackwood's
 Maganac, being an exact/ec-«*j»efco/theEdiabvfh
 edition.
 raicfs ro» 1849, (ir scmcrimd ron tajar.)
 t or any one of the four Reviews, 99 00 per i
 for any two do $OO M
 For any three do 7 00
 For all four of the Reviews, 8 0Q
 For Blackwood’s Magazine, t 00
 For Black wood and the 8 Reviews, 00
 tor Blackwood k the 4 Reviews, 10 00
 Payment* to be made is all cates in adsam i
 _ CLUBBING.
 Four copms of any or all the above werka will h
 or f _* t i dre 00 P*y«&gt;aat of the regular seh
 *cr iptioa (or three the fourth copy being gratia.
 EARLY COPIES.
 Klackwood Magazine secures to M early sheets of
 u 1 4&lt;ek, by which we shall be able to place the
 fcu&amp;irc buUittr IU llic Nf fKll o| lubscnbsfi biiiMlM
 P«lip« of it can be reprinted a££Z
 icwraal*. Far this aad other advantages sseursd to
 uwr subscribers ws pay so large acu raid eratla- that
 we maylbe compelled to raise the price of the .wage*
 s«ec. Therefore we repeat “subscribe serbr while
 UIS price is luw.
 Remiuaaces sad onmav—irsi inas shoehl be ahrara
 ■shmn.l, pesipaid or freaked, k&gt; ths psdblblags.
