Kossuth's 1 etter to Lord PnlmerMoii
 Widdin (Tiukev), Sept. 20
 \oui excGieticv ts.no doubt. already in
 formed of the tall of m\ country —unhappt
 Hungary, assuredly worthy a letter fate.
 It was not prompted by the spirit ol disor
 det, ot th“ ambitious \iews of taction it was
 iiot a revolutionary leaning which induced inv
 native courtrjr to accept the mortal struggle
 maintained so gloriously. and brought, bv ne
 ferrous mean*, to so tmtortcnsie an end
 Hungary has deserved from her kings the
 hiatorical epithet of “eeneious nation.’'for
 the t.evei allowed he tael f to he surpassed in
 loyalty arid faithful adherence to her sovereign
 bv any nation in the world
 Nothing but the most revolting treachery,
 the most tyraontcal oppression, and cruelties
 unheard ot in the words of history- -nothing
 but the infernal doom of annihilation to her na
 tions 1 existence, preserved through a thousand
 years, through adversities so numerous, were
 able to arouse her to opjxvc the fatal stroke
 aimed at her very life, to enable bet to repulse
 the tyrannical assault of the ungrateful llaps
 burghs, of to accept the struggle for life, hun-
 or and liberty forced trpon her And she hae
 nobly fought that holy battle, m which, with
 the aid of Almighty God she prevailed against j
 Austria, whom we or l&amp;hed to the earth,
 standing firm, even when attacked by the Rus
 sian giani. in the consciousness of justice, in
 our hope in God. and in our hope, my lord, in
 the generous feeling of your great and glori
 ous nation, the natural supporter of jutlice
 and humanity throughout the wotld. But
 this :s over: what tyranny beg3ti has been by
 treachery concluded: on all sides abandoned,
 my poor country lias fallen, not through the
 overwhelming power of two great empire®,
 but by the faults, and i max sav the treason,
 of her own sons
 To these untoward events, 1 prav Goo. that
 mv unhappy country may be the only sacri
 fice, snd that the true interests of peace, free
 dom, and civi .zanon throughout ilie world
 rosy not be involved in oui unhappy tut-
 Mr. Francis Pulsky, our diplomatic agent
 in L mdon, has received ample information as
 to the cause of this sudden and unlooked for
 change in the affairs of Hungary, and is in
 structed to communicate it to your Excellency.;
 if you are graciously pleased to receive the j
 same It is not antipathy to Austria, though
 so well merited at the hands of even Hutiga-.
 rian. hut a true conviction which makes me*
 sav, that even Austriti has lost fat more by j
 her victory, gained through Russian aid, than t
 she would have lost in merited deteat through
 honorable arrangement Fallen from i.er po
 sit ion of a first-rate power, die ha‘ now fur-1
 teited her self-consistency, and has surd, into
 the obedient instrument of Russian ambition j
 and of Russian commands
 Russia only ba= gained at this sanguinary
 game she has extruded and strengthened I
 net influence in the east of Europe, end
 threatens already, m a learful manner, with
 outstretching arms, not only the integrity, but
 the moral basis, of the Turkish empire.
 May it please you, my lord, to comrmi;..-
 &gt;.afe to your Excellency a most revolting con
 dition which the Turkish Government, at the
 suggestion of Russia, is about to impose upon
 us poor homeless exiles.
 the governor of unhappy Hungary, alter
 having, I believe, as a go&gt; d citizen and an
 honest man, fulfilled to tee last ray duiie- to;
 iny country, had no choice left me between
 the tepose of the grave and the inexpressible
 anguish of expatriation.
 Many of my brethren in misfortune had pre
 ceded me on the Turkish territory I follow
 ed thither in the hope that 1 should be permit
 ted to pass to England, and ihere under the
 protect.on of the English people—a protection
 never yet denied to persecuted man—allowed
 to repose for a while mv wearied head on the i
 hospitable shore of your happy island.
 But even with these views 1 would rather'
 have surrendered myself to mv deadliest ene
 my than to cause any difficulties to the Turk
 ish Government, whose situation l well knew
 how to appreciate, and therefore did not in
 trude on the Turkish territories without pre
 viously. inquiring whether I and my compan
 ions in misfortune would be willingly receiv
 ed, and the protection of the Sultan granted
 to us.
 We received the assurance that we were
 welcome guests, and should enjoy the ful
 protection of his Majesty, the Padisha, who
 would rather sacrifice 50,000 men of lire own
 subjects, than allow one hair of our heads io
 be injured.
 It was only upon this assurance that we
 passed into the Turkish teirilorv, and accor
 ding to the generous assurance we were re
 ceived and tended on our journey, received in
 Widdin as the Sultan’s guests, and treated
 hospitably, during four weeks, whilst waiting
 from Constantinople further orders au to the
 continuation of our sad journey to some dis
 tant shore
 Even the ambassadors of England and
 France, to whom 1 ventured in the name ol
 humanity to appeal, were so kind as to assuie
 me of their full sympathy.
 His Majesty, the Sultan, was also ;'ta
 &gt;.ious 85 to give a decided negative to the in
 human pretensions of oui extradition demand
 ed by Russia and Austria
 But a fresh letter from hi* Majesty, the
 Czar, arrived in Constantinople, and ns con
 sequence was the suggestion sent to us by an
 express messenger of the Turkish Govern
 ment, that the Poles and Hungarians, and m
 particular myself. Count Caainm Bathianv,
 Minister of Foreign Affairs of Hungary under
 my Government, and the Generate Messaros
 and PeriZfl (all here&gt;, would be surrendered
 unless we chose to abjure the faith of our fore
 fathers in the religion of Christ, and become
 Mussulmans. And thus five thousand Chris
 tians are placed in ihe terrible alternative ei
 ther of facing the scaffold or of purchasing
 their lues by abandoning their faith. s&lt;. m
 is already fallen the once mighty Turkey, that
 she can devise no other means to answer or
 evade the demands of Russia.
 Words .ail me to qualify these astonishing
 suggestions, such as nevei hate been mane
 vet to the fallen chief of a generous nation,
 and could hardly have been expected hi the
 nineteenth centui,
 .Mv answer does not admit ol hesitation.;
 Between death and -hame die choice ran
 neither I* dub,on* not difficult Governor of
 Hungary, and elicit to that high place bv
 the confidence ~t fifirei, millions of mv mun
 tiviuen, 1 know well what 1 owe to the hon
 or ot my country even in evile Even a? a
 private individual 1 have an honorable path :o
 puiaue Once governor of a generous coun
 uy—l leave no h**nu, e to mv children-—they
 shall, at least. bca» an unsullied name. God's
 will be done lam prepared u&gt; die but .u- 1
 think this measure dishonorable and injuimut
 to Turkey, whose interest I sincerely have a i
 heart, and as I feel it my duty to -ave m\
 companions in exile, if I can, from a degra
 ding alternative, 1 have replied tu th« Grand
 Vizier in a conciliatory manner, and took d*,,
 the liberty to apply tu Sir Stratford Canning
 and General Aupich fur their ger.erouv -jij
 against this tyrannic act In full rciianc on
 the noble sentiment’* act generous jnn
 of your excellency by which, a* well as
 through your wisdom, you have secured tit**
 esteem ol the civilized world, I trust to be ex
 cused in enclosing copies of in y t .*o tellers to
 the Giaud Vizier and Sir Stratloid among.
 i am infoinicd that tlie w hole matter a
 abet against the ministry of Rescind P t-ltu.
 whose enemies would wish to force him to
 our extradition in nrdci to lower it in public
 estimation and render impossible its continu
 ance m office. It is ceitain that in Hip grand
 council held on the Olh and lf»th of .Septem
 ber, alter a tumultuous debate, tin* majority ot
 the commit dec! vied in favor of oui extradition,
 the majority of the ministry aga.nt ii No
 decision was come to in consequence of the
 altercation which look place but norwith
 staoding, the u.imstry thought fir m make us
 rfie revolting euggeauou 1 f»av«- named
 Tius mode oI solving the difficulty would
 not, I arn convinced, save the ministry, lie
 cause a 'Protection only given, in contradiction
 cf the Sultan’s generous feeling, at the price
of five tliou*a»d Christian* abandoning their
 faith, would be revolting to the whole rtiris
 ti-ut world, and prove hardly calculated to u ini
 p\in tathy for Turkey tn the event of war with!
 I\	t«*n. winch. in the opinion of the mo? ex-;
 {•erienced Tuikiah statesmen, is approaching j
 fast
 As to mv native country, Tuikev does. 1
 believe, already feel the lo*** of the neghetedj
 opportunity of having given to Hungai v at
 least some moral help to enable her to check
 the advance of the common enemy. But it
 appears to me it would lie a very ill advised
 mode to gain Hungarian sunpathy by send
 ing me to an Austrian scaffold, and forcing
 mv unhappy companions to abjure their reli
 gion. or accept the same alternative.
 No friends to ihe Turkish Government)
 would spring up from mv blood shed by her'
 broken faith, but many deadly foes. Mv lord,
 your heatt w ill, am sure, excuse mv having;
 called your attention to our unhappy fate,'
 since it ha* now assumed political importance, j
 Abandoned tn tins unsocial land by the whole}
 world, even the first duties of humanity give
 us no promise of protection unless, my lord,i
 you and vour generous nation come forward i
 to protect us
 Ghat steps it maybe expedient that vouj
 should take, what we have a right to expect*
 from the well known generosity ol England,,
 it would be hardly fitting for me to enter ii{rj
 on. 1 place my own and my companies’:
 fate in vour hands, my lord, and in the name
 of humanity throw rnvself under the protection i
 of England. i
 I une pi esses—our doom tuay in 3 lew bays
 be sealed Allow rue to make an humble
 personal request. I am a man, ray lord, pre
 i pared to face the \Vor»t and 1 can die with a
 lice look at Heaven, a* 1 have lived. But 1
 iam also, im lord. :i husband, son, and father,
 my poor true-hearted wife, my children, and
 i my noble old mother, are wandering about
 j Hungary I’hcv will mioq probably fail into'
 j the hands of those Austrians who delight in
 j torturing even feeble women, and with w hom
 i the* innocence of childhood is no protection,
 against persecutions. I conn n your excel- 1
 I lency, in the name of the Most High, to put a
 sl. p to these cruellies by your powerful ine
 il.atio’i, and especially to accord to mv wife)
 and children an asylum on the soil of the gen- 1
 I cron* English people.
 As to mv poor—mv loved and noble eoun
 -1 try —must she. 100. perish tor evci 7 Shall
 she, unaided, abandoned to her fate, and una
 venged, he doomed to annihilation by her ty-j
 rants 7 Will England, once liei hope, not
 become her consolation
 The political interests &lt;»t civilized Europe,)
 so many weighty considerations respecting!
 England herself, and chiefly the maintenance j
 ot the Ottoman empire, ate too intimately
 bound up with the existence ot Hungary for;
 mo to lose all hope. My lord, may God the
 Ali.ni'hty tor many years shield you, that vouj
 m piotect the unfortunate, and live to
 i c the guardian of the rights of freedom and
 he iiiiiy. I subscribe myself, with the most!
 pf rf-et icspect and esteem.
 (Signed) L. Kossuth.
 Indian Free Goran C otton.
 I ir- Loudon Morning Chronicle has tlie!
 loho mg, Iron) w hii'ii it appears that the ex-j
 peot.Mam ei.tertaiued of raising Cotton in the)
 La i Indies, by free labor, are for the present j
 doom. ,i to disappointment
 Wc tegri; tu notice the failure and abau-j
 donment oi tlie experiments in cotton culti j
 vatu-;, that have been carried on, under Dr.
 Wight’s superintendence, at Madras. This
 enterprise, which had for its object the pro
 ducer n of an article Je*s palpably inferior to
 the cotton of America than the present badly- j
 picked and indifferent Indian commodity, was:
 zealously! and even lavishly supported try the
 I local government; but the late failure of a
 similar experiment in Bengal, after an outlay
 of j£loo,ooo, had a readv given fair warning j
 of the probable issue of Dr Wight’s efforts
 in the sister presidency. Considered as a
 scientific attempt to improve the cultivation!
 ami tlie mode ol'oJ* insuig heretofore practised
 in India, it w as undoubtedly interesting and j
 may possibly have already exercised a benefi-l
 rial influence. But if it was prompted by any 1
 hope of restoring cotton to tlie place it once!
 held m the export trade of India, w e are sor
 ry to snv tint im project could well have been
 more chimerical. I he changes effected in the
 Indian export trade within the last half centu
 ry, arc fi»r too significant to admit of a doubt
 on that head. Fifty years ago, India shipped
 to this country cotton goods to the value of
 three millions sterling—in fact, it paid its
 tribute m cotton. At the present time, the
 process is exactly reversed, and India exports
 Briti-b nruiufactures of American cotton to
 the same amount. I'he causes which con
 spired to produce this result were irresistable. J
 In iliefii't place, the'inventions of HargTe3ve|
 and Arkwiight soon rendered it far cheaper!
 for the Indian consumer to purchase British
 fabrics than to weave them himself. In the j
 next place, the capital and mechanical skill j
 winch. ;inco tlie introduction of Whitnev’sj
 saw’gin in 1793, have been brought to bear 1
 by the Americans on the cleansing of the pod,
 have given their product an excellence which!
 the Indian planter cannot approach The re- j
 Milt has been a depression of the one trade, j
 and an extension of the other, so prodigious
 liiai in tlie words of Mi. M'Ctilloch, “theie;
 is nothing in the literary of industry m com-j
 pare with it, unless it be the growth of the
 manufacture in ibis country.” In 1790,;
 America did not export a single pound. In;
 1834, she exported as much as all the rest of
 the world put together. And tn 1840, out ofj
 467,8jf»,‘27-i lbs. imported into this country, I
 401,949,393 i!&gt;s. came from the L. nited States
 while only 34,546,143 were supplied by ihe,
 Ea*t Indie- ami
 already opium, indigo, and in a minor de
 gree, sugar, have almost entirely taken place
 ot cotton among iheexports of India. in le
 here is a yearly export of the firstofthe.se!
 promi i&lt;&gt; iho value of three millions, of ihe;
 s 1 cond tn upwards ol two millions, and of the j
 bird to nf a.iv a million and a half, the total
 value ot the cotton exported in 1845, from ihe
 three presidencies, does not amount to i’6oo
 \	uJ nov v the failure of the experiments
 made bv the Governments of Bengal and
 Madras, with every appliance of skill and
 capital to ercurc micccs-s, will at any rate ren
 der l extremely duh.oi whether cotton be
 fsted t(. ii&gt; in- it- rani liie great sta-j
 pi”
 I &gt;iii lin. Ivaniu Fie* mrni
 Our Annual Meeting.
 I .rim n eeiii- t.i he unanimous among
 our i;.&gt; ibat our anntvetsary lias this year
 been lie’ most interesting and profitable mcel
 -111!' that wc have held for years. The topics
 considered were j radical, and matters of uu
 portance to every aboiiiiouist the discus*ions
 were gxmeraHy able and spirited, and con
 duced xvit(i jm&gt;d temper. Nothing occurred
 during its s&lt; -sum, worthy ot notice, to uis
 rb tto* liarmoiiv ol teehng and action, though
 •here vi i*. im suppre’-sion of dissenting view#,
 and we jeroetlines Lad warm debates upmi
 que-tions of piincipie or policy.
 Not only to abolitionist*, but to the public
 at large, it was evidently ju attractive and
 interesting meeneg i be evening meeting#
 bulb crowded, mainly by citiseas of the
 t 'Wfi :ud xieiuny, who had ucvci beer, identt
 b-J "oil our eaus*‘. and what we interred
 h* i f serious and andid attention and
 cp Muuetit b&lt; the time. confirmed bv sub
 sf qociit m!ormanon—that the truth spoken left
 a deep and t-r-orahle unprc*.«ion for our cairn*
 Not the slightest evid- ucc of this is the du I
 turhauce manifested by smne of tbe reverend
 slaveholders and. parawtesof slavery, m at
 tendance upon Uie Frcnhytenao ami German I
 Reformed Synod* ai tlie urm- e m*| om-i
 of these Southern puevts m out meeting, and
 found him greatly enraged si us *f ßtia l}C# j
 arid Misotgam/ers, who wa re doing m* tnuci»
 raise h let to in’* darling insutution He very)
 generously offered—uhert, unaware ot hi»
 character and opifuorii. we asked him for a
 contribution to the arm slavery cause, —to con
 tribute to buy a gallows to hang the whole
of ua; and we think, from his toee and man
 ner. that he would readily have roloaieared
 hangman for the occaeum, could hi* p**y*
 Have been answered but boweter ‘ferveat,’
 it waa, fortunately for our necka, not 'tficto
 al. I hanks to thepowerleeeneaeof tbte’Minia
 tcr of Christ a# wc suppoee he impudmitly
 and blasphemously call# himself. When we
 tnvitpd him to come forward and defend bis
 cause, and show us our errors, instead of rail
 ing at or about us, and pledged him a quiet
 ard fair hearing, he left the bouse. Wa
 heard of another consecrated slanderer, who
 attempted tosiu up enmity to our cause, by
 retailing about the village such aboard false
 hoods as that ‘Garrison asserted that tbe
 Bible emanated from the lower Pit.’ He
 certainly forgot the old Jesuit’s advice to his
 young disciple ‘Never tel! improbable or
 useless lies We see in tbe Baltimore Son,
 a letter dated from Norristown, and under
 stood t” be from a Baltimore clergyman,
 which tepeats the silly and stupid falsehood,
 accompanying it with kindred perversions of
 tbe truth This we expect, and in it we see
 the mgns that our blows are felt by our op
 ponent*. and are encouraged to repeat them.
 From the Spartanburg (9. C.) Spartan.
 Report of the Committee of Vigilance.
 The Committee who were instructed to
 prepare an addiess to the people of tbe Dis
 trict, beg leave to submit the following
 through their Chairman
 To the people of Spartanburg District
 Fellow-Citizens: Being appointed a
 Committee ol Vigilance and Safety for Spar
 tanburg District, we deem u our duty to lay
 before you the causes w hich made a necessary
 to constitute such a committee, and the course
 we shall pursue to carry out the objects for
 which we are appointed.
 Vou will all remember, that a few years
 since a set of fanatics at the North, contemp
 tible in numbers, with no political power,
 commenced a crusade against our rights and
 institutions, under the name of abolitionists,
 i or a long time the South took no notice of
 it, and the Northern people treated them as
 disturbers of the public peace; but a material
 change has occurred in their prospects in a
 few year*. By assuming a variety of shapes,
 adopting different names, and uniting with
 one political party after another, they have
 gathered strength and power to be heard in
 Congress—they are like the fabled ass in the
 lion’s hide, covering a portion of the animal,
 yet leaving exposed some of the distinctive
 features by which it is well known. From
 a small rill they have increased to a mighty
 torrent, threatening to sweep before them all
 the barriers of the Constitution, take from us
 our rights and liberties, and degrade us to a
 social and political equality with our slaves.
 It is tmnecessary to recapitulate all the
 movements of this fanatical horde.' It is
 sufficient tn stale, that alter attempting to
 abolish slavery in the District of Columbia,
 refusing to deliver our fugitive slaves, murder
 ing our citizens when endeavoring to recover
 their property, and endeavoring to cheat us
 out of our rights, in the Territory of New
 Mexico and California, they have now thrown
 in our midst their agents and spies, to insti
 gate our slaves to revolt, and disseminate
 their incendiary writings for the purpose ol ar
 raying one portion of our people against
 another, knowing that as long as we are a
 united people, their hellish schemes will be
 frustrated.
 Under this state of things, this Committee
 lias been organized and it has always been
 the case among civilized nations, when any
 radical change of their institutions or form
 ot government is attempted, to organize such
 Committees as this, (no matter by what
 name they are called,) whose powers rose
 superior to the law, and whose duty it was to
 protect peaceable citizens in their rights and
 property, and their persons from violence in
 any form and Iroin any quarter.
 In carrying out these views of what we
 conceive to be our duty, our object will be to
 prevent by ait means in our power the spread
 of these abolition writings among our people,
 it harsh means be necessary, “we will not
 hesitate to use them,” *and any incendiary
 hereafter caughunay expect rough treatment
 —by this Committee.
 \Ve also expect tg introduce some plan,
 whereby slaves will be kept in proper sub
 jection— preventing, so far as in our power
 lies, tlie giving or selling of spirituous liquors
 to them and exercising that kind of sur
 veillance ov t r them which we think essential
 to keep them in proper submission and under
 reasonable discipline.
 We will use all vigilance in detecting and
 punishing all persons interfering with or cor
 rupting our slaves, or in any way attempting
 to inteifere or endanger the relations which
 now exist between master and slave. Our
 intentions are io protect the citizens of this
 District and of the State from all interference
 with their rights and institutions.
 In carrying out our views of the duties im
 posed on us, wo may in some instances have
 to rice above the law; but where the law will
 apply the remedy, we will resort to legal pro
 ceedings, “and exercise that sound discre
 tion’ which is necessary under our peculiar
 circumstances.
 In carrying out the views of the Committee,
 we need ihe cooperation and support of the
 citizens generally, and hope that all persons
 will feel called upon to give all the informa
 tion ill their power to aid the Committee in
 their operations.
 W.C. BENNETT, Chairman.
 sTlli.no Ff.cl Negroes.— Mr. C. A.
 W tckliffe, the Ex-Postmaster General of the
 l rated States under President Tyler, pre
 sented the following proposition to the Ken
 tucky Convention, on the 13th ult. We
 extract from the official repot t in the Kentuc
 ky Statesman I
 *T de-uc to submit a resolution of inquiry
 in relation to tree negroes to one of the com
 nnttces I Think from what I have heard ex
 pressed here, that all sides would be very glad
 to get clear of them from Kentucky. I have
 devoted some reflection to the subject, and to
 the various expedient* suggested to sustain
 that object, as well as its connection with our
 relations 3s a State arising under tbe federal
 constitution I propose, as a subject of in
 quiry. for the committee on miscellaneous
 provisions, the propriety of substituting, in
 lieu of the punishment now imposed on that i
 class of people for crimes other than murder, j
 tlie penally of exportation, or being sold again
 into bondage I tlmik .t is worthy of inquiry,
 and it strikes roe, if it has no other effect, it
 will at least have the tendency of keeping
 this class of persons out of tbe State; and it
 may be tbe means of inducing others to leave
 it voluntarily. It is a subject worthy of in
 quiry, and I offer it tu that shape
 The resolution was agreed to jV. Y.
 Eiprcs.
 North and South Politics.
 I.*! northern partizans lead tbe following,
 and consider how loog it is best for them to
 be used as tools by slaveholders They sup
 pott slsvery for the sake of party measures,
 while the South will sacrifice all party meas
 ure- for the sake of slavery
 From tbe Coluo&amp;wi (S. C.J Telegraph
 I HE BALANCEOF POWER
 I he Northern paper* are calculating large
 |y on the very close division of partieein the
 next t’ongiese, and count with great certain
 ty on the controll which the Free-Soilers
 pee st will exercise tn consequence. In effect,
 we regard ail the member* of both prfiw
 Notifies unsound on this subject—the strong
 current of popular feeling there forcing them
 into opj-o-uum to tbe extension of the area of
 •lave States. Tfie Northern Whig* make
 no pretension; to soundness oo «h»* subject,
 and even tlie Union itself makes tbe foliow
 it'g frank a Jin i»*. ion ss to tbe Democrats.
 I be Democrat** party, like tbe Whig
 pariy, compute* persons of all shsdss of
 opinion upon the subjects which do get tftet
 its po] it test doctrines and pnnnpks Un-
doubtedly, there are Democrat* tu tbe free
 States —nay, the great mass of them who are
 opposed io principle to slavery, snd would be
 glad to have it cease to exist every w here,
 while they would resort to oo unconstituiioft
 sJ or improper means to effect an object
 which they deem so desirable,” Ac.
 When there is a will there is a way and
 in a matter so vital, it will never do to trust
 to uncertain guaranties snd nice distinctions
 for our safety. Hence we would see South
 ern representatives standing together on this
 platform of Southern safety irrespective of
 Ktv lies, and bolding in their own bands the
 ance of power, instead of allowing the
 Abolitionists proper to incline the balance, by
 throwing their weight in eithet scale, as it
 might suit ibeir poltcv. This can he done
 for tbe Free Soil representatives (elected on
 that alone) amount to but eleven thus fat—a
 number contemptible indeed, if the other two
 parties were not so nicely balanced. Their
 power would at once be checked, were the
 Southern delegates to say sternly and de
 cidedly ro tbe two parties which have hither-
 to played fast and loose on this question, as it'
 suited their interests—“ Gentlemen, we go
 with you only on condition of your going
 with us. Thu slavery question is paramount'
 with ua and our people. We cannot consent
 to work in tbe same harness w ith you on
 other subjects, when you kick out of the
 traces the moment this one is approached,
 snd leave us to straggle stone. M e remem
 ber tbe closing scenes of the last session,
 when the votes were strictly sectional. If
 there is to bFa repetiion of that, we had bet
 tet organize sectional parties at once—which
 will give U 9 the balance of power—as yourj
 two, Northern cliques never could agree;
 about the partition of the party spoils, and
 must seek our aid, by which means we could
 buy your support.”
THE NORTH STAR,
ROCHESTER, NOVEMBER 9, 1849
Government and its Subjects.
 It has long been tegarded as the dictate of
 wisdom, by sagacious legislators, that a gov
 ernment should conciliate, as far as possible,
 every class of its subjects. It is always deem
 ed unpardonable folly, and flagrant wicked
 ness, for any government needlessly to atflici
 and insult a portion of its people. Govern
 ments are, either exceedingly strong, or ex
 ceedingly weak; and that government is
 strongest which has the fewest foes. This is!
 peculiarly true of our own it, of all others,
 should make friends with its subjects, and
 with every class of its subjects, for the day
 may come when it will need them all. It is
 not to be disguised that, in the matter of slave,
 holding, our nation stands before the world,
 pre-eminent in infamy that the existence of
 slavery, in this country, is looked upon hy
 other nations, as the peculiar weakness, as
 well as the crime, of the American people
 and it is quite easy to perceive that, in the
 event of a conflict between this and any Euro
 pean power, this vulnerable point would be
 the first to be attacked. The colored people
 of this country would be counted as the natu
 ral allies of any power which should inscribe
 on its banners, Liberty for the black, as veil as
 for the white man.
 But with these truths so obvious to common
 sense before them, our legislators appear to
 rake the utmost pleasure in wantonly display
 ing their contempt for the rights and feelings
 of the growing colored population of the Uni
 ted States. It would be impossible for a gov
 ernment to devise a policy bettet calculated to
 make itself the object of hatred than that
 adopted by our government towards its free
 colored people; to make us detest the land of
 our birth—to abhor the government under
 which we Uve—and to welcome the approach
 of an invading enemy as our only salvation,
 would seem to be the animating spirit and
 purpose of all the legislative enactments of
 the country with respect to us. With all its
 boasted wisdom and dignity, it does not hesi
 tate .to use every opportunity of persecuting,
 insulting and assailing the weakest, and most
 defenceless part of its subjects or citizens. It
 acts towards us as though the highest crime
 we could commit is that of patriotism and all
 manner of insult, neglect and contempt, are
 necessary to prevent the commission of this
 crime on our part, Oui thoughts have been
 turned in this direction by the contemptible
 meanness of our present Secretary of State, tn
 refusing to gram to William W. Brown the
 usual passport granted to citizens about to
 travel in foreign countries. Mr. Brown re
 marks (in 9 recent letter to Mr. Garrison,)
 that one of his fellow passengers to Earope,
 was accompanied by a colored servant, and
 that this servant had with him a regular pass
 port, signed by the Secretary of State, Mr.
 Buchanan.
 Thta fact presents the American govern
 ment in its true light. It has no objection
 whatever to extend its protection to colored
 servants, but it is resolved, on no occasion, to
 grant protection to coloied gentlemen. A
 colored man who travels for the benefit of a
 white man, will have thrown over him the
 shield and panoply of the United States but,
 if he travels for his own profit or pleasure, he
 forfeits all the immunities of an American cit
 izen. The government in this particular,
 faiil) reflects the lights and shades of the
 whole American mind as appendages to
 wfiue men we arc universally esteemed; a*
 i independent and iexpansible men we ate uni*
 j versally despised.
 In keeping with ilu* spirit, and in puisn
 anoe of this policy, the colored man is not
 permuted to carry a United Slates’ mail bag
 •cross the street, nor hand it from a stage
 driver to a post-master. In the navy, no mat
 ter how great may be his talents, skill and ac
 quirements—no matter how daring, heroic,
 jaaff patriotic he may be, hs is forbidden, by
 the government, to rise above the office of a
 cook, or a steward, under the flag of the Uni
 ted States.
 Tbe colored man, it a slave, may travel in
 comptmy wuh his master, into any state oi
 territory in the Union; but if he Lc a tree
 man, he may not even vtut tbe capitol of the
 nation, (which he help* to support by bis tax
 es,) without the liability of being cut into
 P***on,kept theie for months together, aod
 then taken out, and sold like a beast of bur
 deo, under tbe auctioneers hammer, for hia
 jail lees. B**s«je* fraud, aD d miu
 heaped, with scandalous profu
 the heeds of the colored people, by
 the government, the white population at targe,
 (autot* and emoen,; ate constantly exerting
 ibett skill and ingenuity tn devising scheme#
 whiefa serve to embitter oar lot, and to destroy
 oei happiness
 From pieces of rastrnctiOß and amusement,
 of*o *U other nations under the sun, we
 «e tmimdai, from the eabiaa of steamboats,
mod the tables of Hotels (whieb a«t hue to
 English, Irish, Dutch, Scotch sadsbo to toe
 most rudedloosier of the Wsst) we sic *r
 chuki; from the ecclesiastical convention, and
 the political are are geaeraily mxdu
 dW. from the bar and »he jury-box of our
 counfrr we are ere hided; (taut respectable
 trades and employ meats, sod from nearly all
 the avenues to wealth and power, we are er
 chided, from the Lyceum Hall and the com
 mon school, the sources of light and educa
 tion, we are as a people exdmded. Meanwhile
 societies are organized under the guise of phi
 lanthropy and religion, whose chief business
 it is to propagate the most malignant slanders
 against us, and to keep up in the public mind
 a violent animosity between ua and our white
 fellow-citizens. Upon this the government
 smiles with approbation, and exerts its ut
 most powers to execute the behests of this
 unnatural and cruel prejudice. What is this
 but the most discieditsble disregard of sound
 political w isdom, to say nothing of the dic
 tates ut justice and magnanimity? Can the
 colored man be expected to entertain for such
 a government any feelings but those of in
 tense hatred 1 Or can be be expected to do
 other than to seize the first moment which
 shall promise fum success to gratify his ven
 geance To apprehend that he would not do
 so'would evince the most deplorable ignorance
 of the elements of human nature.
 We warn the American people, and the
 American Government to be wise in their day
 3nd generation. The time may come that those
 whom they now despise and hate, may be
 needed. Those compelled foes may, by and by
 be wanted as friends. Ameiica cannot al
 ways sit, as a queen, in peace and repose.
 Prouder and stronger governments than hers
 have been shattered by the bolts of the wrath
 of a just God. We beseech her to have a
 rare how she goads the sable oppressed in the
 land. We warn her in the name of retribu
 tion, to look to her ways, for in an evil hour
 those hands that have been engaged in beau
 tifying and adorning the fait fields of our coun
 try, may yet become the instruments of spread
 ing desolation, devastation,'and death thorugh
 nut our borders.—k. d.
The Sultan and the Czar.
 j Of unofficial individuals, we have often good
 cause to speak in terms of commendation.
 Humanity, justice and mercy are generally
 confined tothelowly and nninffuential. Those
 who are lifted above the common herd of
 mankind, and who hold the reins of place and
 powef, have usually few tears to shed over
 human suffering, and little indignation to
 spend on tyrianny and tyrants. It was not
 the priest nor the I.evite that succored t the
 man who fell among thieves,” but the hum
 ble ‘‘Samaritan,” who could boa9t no sacre
 dotal robes or othei badges of office. The
 I rule of benevolence is with the pobr and the
 humble, and not with the high and rich,- it
 is adopted by the latter only ocaaionally
 and it is always a cause of deep gratification
 to the lovers of mankind when so adopted.
 An instance of the latter desenption, on the
 part of the Sultan of Turkey, is now claim
 ing the attention and admiration of the civili
 zed world. This Mohammedan Prince be
 ing apprized that within the borders of bis
 dominions, the Hungarian Patriots have
 sought a refuge from the fury of the Russian
 Czar—and he is called upon by this Christian
 Potentate to surrender these refugees into
 his hands, —the noble Sultan and follower of
 the false prophet, rejects with indignation the
 barbarous demand of the Christian Superior,
 and at the peril of bringing upon himself and
 people the gigantic power of Russia, combi
 ned with that of Austria,3 extends the arm
 of generous protection to thgse helpless refu
 gees. The Sultan.has based his conduct up
 on his sacred book, the Koran, aud in so do
 ing, lias shown himself to be more Christ-iike
 than very many who brand him and his na
 tion with upholding the religion of “the pit.”
 The Christian may well learn humanity and
 magnanimity at the feet of the humane Sultan.
 By this one act of bis, he has placed himself,
 his country, and his religion, in a command
 ing attitude before the world, and he will un
 doubtedly, in the emergency threatened by
 Russia, receive the sympathy and assistance
 of all but despots and tyrants on the otheT
 side of the Atlantic.
 But we have no tears that war will result
 from this refusal. Public opinion is not with
 out its influence even upon the Autocrat of
 Russia. The voice of Ix&gt;ndon is nrtt Without
 weight even in his e mncils. To be autocrat
 of all the Russias, is not to be aatocrat of all
 the world; and the unlimited Despot will
 have his limits. He cannot with impunity 1
 disregard the hurgane voice of the civilized I
 world. We are rendered more hopeful of
 peace between Russia and Turkey, by the
 decided and spirited manner in which the
 Sultan has been sustained by the press and
 governments of England and France. Pub
 lic meetings have been held in London of a
 must spii ued character sympaibysing with
 Kossuth, and his band of compatriots, and
 condemnin’, in stern terms their blood thirsty
 pursuers These demonstrations exert an in
 fluence or. .he courts of Europe far beyond the
 apprei ension of the mass of mankind
 The powei of international opinion is juat
 beginning to be understood and appreciated
 Steam navigation, railroads and electric tele
 graphs are bearing on their flashing wings the
 power of intelligence to quarters hitherto in
 sensible to the world about them. We live
 at a period which may be regarded aa the dawn
 of that day when “the pen ahall super-
 cede the sword,” and when mind shall be di
 rected by intelligence, and not crushed and
 cramped by the iron hoofs of war and slavery
 At such a period, when words may save the
 use of bullets, it becomes every man to speak
 out plainly in vindication of the weak and de
 fenceless. To the public opinion of England,
 expressed at vauous limes, and under a diver
 sity of circumstances, American Slavery may
 charge its deadliest slabs; and so should it
 be, let the reproofs of our inconsistencies come
 thick and fast, they will do good to all con
 cerned, for while they call attention to our
 National shortcomings, they will, perhaps,
 leave the more exposed, some English deflect
 which may be, thereby, mote speedily recti
 fied. It ta fur the general moraT hesUh of aa
 tioos that the coadoct of each should be deem
 ed a suitable subject of dwenaaion by all.
 Sacfadiarnaaiaua, though they may ha, some
 times, heated, and extravagant, like the blasts
of beavee, ore always portfymg. If Turkey
 be not invaded and overwhelmed by tor proud
 and maoism, foe, it will be of (to
warmly expressed approbation of the conduct
 of the Sultan is different parts of the world.
 Turkey will be protected by the insunaoun
 ttdße raropaiis of a world's public opinion and
 sympathy.—r. 0.
 ZfrMa Church School.
 We recorded our protest last week against
 huddling the colored children of this city into
 the miserable cellar of Zion Church. The
 colored citizens ol this city par aa freely for
 the support of schools as any othei class, and
 their children are as much entitled to school
 privileges aa are the sons of the wealthiest of
 this community; and there can be no reason
 founded in justice why they should be shut
 out of the fine, airy school-houses of the dis
 tricts, and driven into the dull, damp, dark,
 and badly ventilated cellar of Zion Church.—
 It is a disgrace to the city of Rochester that
 snch an act of fiagiant injustice and cruelty
 can be perpetrated against any class of its cit
 izens. The Board of Education have not only
 stained themselves with the sin of partiality
 and proscription, but have degraded them
 selves by duping the stupid cr;ature* vv ho of
 ficiate aa Trustees in Zion Church. If the
 colored people of this city must be driven into
 a separate achool, one wonld think that such
 a degradation would be sufficient to satisfy the
 negro haters, without adding to it the cruel
 ty of crowding them into a cellar. We hope
 that our brethren in this city will show them
 selves in earnest about this matter, and will
 continue to agitate the question of out chil
 dren’s admission into the District Schools.—
 We must not tamely submit to this violation
 of our educational rights This is, just now,
 the question of questions for the colored peo
 ple of this place. If we yield willingly to this
 encroachment, perhaps the next demand will
 require us to live in a certain part of the city—
 Ourchildien are to go to a particular school—
 colored people are to attend their own meet
 ing and it may, by and bye, follow that we
 are to occupy a given place in the town. For
 one, we say, most distinctly, to the Board of
 Education, that in no emergency, will we send
 a child of ours to the miserable cellar under
 Zion Church.—f. u.
Edinburgh Ladies* Anti-Slavery Society.
 We are indebted to the Secretary of this
 Association foi a copy of its last Annual Re
 port. The Society appears to have been as
 usual, actively engaged in efforts to promote
 the cause during the year; besides their own
 home expenditures, they sent a box to the
 Boston Bazaar, worth seven hundred and fifty
 dollars. The report takes a favorable view of
 the Free Labor cause; and pays a merited
 compliment to the unwearied zeal and steady
 perseverance of our esteemed friend Anna
 Richardson, as evinced in her labors in this
 particular department. The Report copies,
 in terms of approbation, the resolutions adopt
 ed by a Congregational Church in Brookfield,
 Mass., withholding Christian fellowship from
 slaveholders. The conduct of the American
 Board of Commissioners for Foreign Missions
 is deeply deplored, and pointedly rebuked.—
 Notice is taken ot the cases of Drayton, Sears,
 Thomas, Garrett, and others— expressing
 sympathy for them in their suffering, and ap
 probation of their conduct in assisting the fu
 gitive. This Society has been applied to for
 assistance by the managers of the Philadelphia
 Bazaar, but they have resolved to send, as
 formerly, to Boston.—f. d.
New York State Convention.
 The National Anti-Slavery Standard has
 proposed the holding of a New York State
 Anti-Slaveiy Convention and urges that the
 first of winter will be a suitable time for the
 demonstration, and that Syracuse will be the
 most appropriate place for the same. The
 proposition to hold such a Convention is a
 good one, and deserves to meet the united
 support of the Anti-Slavery forces ol this
 State. To* little attention has been given, of
 late, to this quarter of the field. Ohio and
 Massachusetts have been cared for, to the
 neglect, if not at Lhe expense of this, the most
 important State of the Union. The conse
 quence is, our ranks are scattered, and are in
 absolute disorder —inviting rather than repel
 ling the attacks of the enemy. We want a
 certain sound from our anti-slavery war trum
 pet, that we may prepare ourselves “for the
 battle.” “The Standard” should have issued
 its call for this Convention at once, and not
 have left the question for holding it open to
 controversy. The Convention is needed—it
 ought to be held—and we are suie it would be
 largely attended. There are hearts in all
 quarters of this State, panting for an opportu
 nity of meeting the radical friends of freedom
 in a grand Convention for forwarding the anti
 slavery cause.
 We reserve, however, comments of this na
 ture, until the call for the Convention is duly
 issued. “The North Star” will then be
 found shining in the firmament, to guide the
 hosts of freedom in the right direction.—f. o.
A Voice from Ithaca iu flavor of the
 National League.
We have received a letter from our friend
 R. W Johnson, on the subject of the Nation
 al League—expressing his hearty approbation
 of the proposed organization, but fearing thai
 the people of this State are unprepared for it
 His plan for preparation is more unwieldy ie
 our opinion, than the formation of the League
 itself would be. It is not to be expected that
 a rery large body of persona would compose
 the League at its commencement. We rely
 upon the intelligent, sad earnest few to sei
 this union in operation. Twenty sound-head
 ed, and clear-beaded men would be sufficient
 to commence the work. The League would
 then soon make its own way and increase iu
 numbers It would be none the leas aNa
 TiOMAi. League because composed but of few
 it would be National in its objects and suns,
 and open to the entire colored population ot
 the country. Let no one hesitate to uoite in
 this movement on the giouad that our people
 are not reedy. The mem will he ready, when
 the individuals composing it are so.—r. u.
 BUhu Bantu.
 This distinguished philanthropist and advo
 cate of peace has reached home, after a tom
 of three yean in Great Britain, Ireland, sad
 the European conuaam. Had oar mead
 Burrra, bean surrounded by any thing else
 than an unbroken chain of papular apptoba
 twa and applause on either aids the Atlsuuc
 during this tout, we should feel it a pfeasurt
 te hail hie imont wife such a teetiQouial o
 aetar« aad as hie devetol labors is tha fiahTo
 i
humanity entitle him to. But bu whose praise
 "»o «*«ry mouth.needs u We
 •re indebted to our fri«* Bgrntt for the re
 CC P f Eeglieh frieode-fot
 hich, we return him our wocere thank*
 F. D.
 R«v. Jarvis C. r Mu
 Our readers will recollect ,he p'ubhcaoou
 m the North Star, some months «oce. ofdl’
 proceedings taken against the R*v J« nttC
 Bncon, for the crime of lending, Gray**
 county, a., Irxdxrick Doiglass’s
 I'J® *,"l/° Antl B,lTer y **rmoo. He w to
 then hel.l lo bail 10 appear at the fad term 01
 the C.rcuu Sopenor Court of Grayson We
 find in a late number of the True Wealeyan
 «n account of the trial Mr Bucon acknowl'
 the circulation ot the books, but denied
 €y Were Jnceml a 'T The ,ury brought
 m a verdict of “Not Gu.ltv The Judge
 expressed himself much surprised at ,be ver
 tct. Said he, “1, of course, gentlemen, am
 gratified with your decision, but I must say a
 is the strangest one I ever heard How coaid
 the guilt of the prisoner be made to appear
 more plain It was pioven he circulated the
 book; it matters not that he had but one. no,
 that he circulated it among white persons on
 ly, for the slave cannot read. It is *l*, ckni
 that the book is such as the law prohibits
 The law, as you have been told, is that a per
 son is supposed to intend all that may result
 from his conduc t. If a man c*u circulate this,
 what book can he not circulate 1 He would
 just say to prisoner that he would do well to
 remember the old homely adage A pitcher
 that goes often to the well, will get broke at
 last.’ Mr. Bacon was then acquitted, and
 although acknowledged innocent, was required
 to give bonds in $lOOO. lor his good behavior
 for twelve months. He was also bound over,
 on two indictments in $“00 each, for violating
 the very rational and Christian provision ot
 the Republican Slate of Virginia, that “Any
 free person, who, by speaking or writing,
 shall maintain that owners have no right ot
 property in their slaves shall be punished by
 confinement in jail not more than one year,
 and be fined not exceeding five hundred dol
 lars
 The \ery wise and just Judge then announ
 ced that he had arrived at the mighty and
 magnanimous resolution to BURN THE
 BOOK "They love darkness because their
 deeds are evil.”— j. d.
Explanation.
 e are happy to find the following in the
 Pittsburgh Visiter
 “Frederic Douglass, iu the North Star,
 complains of a paragraph in the Visiter which
 we were not aware had ever appeared in our
 columns, until we saw it stated in his. In the
 paragraph he is spoken of as “the negro Doug
 lass, and in a slighting vein which we cer
 tainly would never use towards any one ot
 God’s creatures, for any peculiarity of color
 or formation, the work of the Master’s hand.
 It came into our columns in this wise. Thu
 A isiter is published in the same office with
 “The Commercial Journal.” The same tele
 graphic despatches, market reports and gene
 ral news items appear in both papers. The
 establishment is large, and a number of peo
 ple are employed who make selections of
 items. Of course, some get into bnth papers
 that the editors would not cbeose. This par
 agraph was cut out of some other paper, and
 put in the Journal, and from that transferred
 the isiter without any knowledge of ours.
 But a limited portion of our time is devoted to
 editorial labor, and it is impossible we cun ex
 amine every article that appears in nur col
 umns. We are sorry foi this one, and that in
 all we can do about it.”
Thanksgiving Day.
 Proclamation by Hamilton Fish, Governor
 of the State of New York
 A sense of gratitude to Almighty God for
 his numerous manifestations of goodness du
 ring the past year, culls for a public expres
 sion of thanks from a People who have expe
 rienced the full measure of blessings which
 have been extended to us.
 Peace and quiet have reigned throughout
 our land. Ihe labors of the husbandman
 have been rewarded in the return* of tbe fruits
 of the earth. Industry has pursued its accus
 tomed walks in all its varied employments,
 and its votaries have enjoyed honest and well
 earned rewards. Civil and religious liberty
 continue to be vouchsafed to all within our
 borders—and the blessings of the Goepel are
 extended to all who desire to enjoy its com
 lorts and its consolations. A few weeks since
 the whole Nation, in humble dependence, uni
 ted in earnest prayer to Almighty God to
 withdraw the grievous pestilence which was
 ravaging the land; that visitation has passed,
 and the blessing of public health is restored'
 It becomes a grateful and a Christian Peo
 ple to acknowledge these mercies and to rea
 der thanks to their bountiful Giver.
 I do therefore, designate Thursday, ihm
 twenty-ninth day of November instant, and do
 recommend its observance by the People of
 this State, as a day of Public Thanksgiving
 to Almighty God.
 In witness whereof, I have hereunto signed
 my name and affixed the Privy Seal of the
 State, at the city of Albany, this
 |l. s.J first day of November, one thousand
 eight hundred and forty-nine
 HAMILTON FISH
 By order ot the Governor,
 Robert H. Morris, Private Secietary.
Another Coetttlon.
 On the 24th October, a coalition was effect
 ed in Middlesex county, Maas between the
 Free Democrats aod the old i democrats, each
 section, bpwever, retaining its owa indepen
 dent organization. The union of the two pax
 tiaa extends to the support of a common «n»h»t
 for Senatorial candidates, and the boats of the
 union was as follows
 “Whereas, owing to the constitutional mode
 in electing Senators in ibis Commonwealth
 there have resulted great inequalities of repre
 sentation—at the loot session of the Lamfe
 ture, a majority of more than 12,000 roam
 having failed to return a single member to the
 Senate aod
 Whereas, the Whig party, controlled and
 directed by the moneyed intereeta of the Com
 moowealth, is enabled, under the present sys
 tem. though in a minority, to wield the whole
 executive *od legislative authority of the
 btate, through the diviaioo which exists in the
 ranks of its opponents and
 •‘Whe.eaa, there happily ex*., at present,
 sgood degree ot harmony to the vie wit of the
 reference
 Potey i therefore, sod
 to the end of availing ourselves of the iu*
 rights of ruajunuee. aad of remedying the
 «*»«iitte* of representations
 which threaten under the present system te
 hoeome perpetual, we do consent, dm dedtr
 mg our purpose to preserve our own separate
 or pan ration, and maintain the integrity of out
 principle*, t u act with the Democratic party
 *n support of ‘good man sod true,’ as caadi
 dates lor the Senate, who shall be josetly se
 iscted by tto two Coaveeuooa, as haug wor
 thy to promote the common views aad pria*
 pfes ot tto two parties which these Coavea
 uom represent,'’
 Somebody says,,—Bleessd are they who
 do not advetusa, far they stall rarely bstteto
 fed with neelemeit.
