P octtg.
AUTUMN.
 •1 WILLIAM ELLERY CMARRIRO-
 A varied wreath the autumn weave*
 Of cold grey data iuni sunny weather,
 And strews gay (lower* and withered leavet
 Along my lonely path together.
 I tee the golden rod ehme bright,
 A* HiD-thewer* at the birth of day,
 A golden plume of yellow light,
 That rob* the Day god’* aplendid ray.
 The aster’s violet ray» divide
 The hank with many star* for me,
 And yarrow in blanch t«u ia dyad,
 Aa moonlight float* arrow the sea
 I saw the emerald wood* prepare
 To ahed their vestiture once more.
 And distant elm tiee* spot the air
 With yellow pictures softly o’er.
 I saw an aslthtim’s scarlet red
 Beneath a pine’* perpetual given,
 And sighing branches hung their head,
 Protected by a hemlock screen.
 Yet light the verdant w illow floats
 Above the river’s shining face,
 Aad sheds its rain of harried notes
 With a swift grace.
 The petals of the cardinal
 Dye with their crimson drop* the stream,
 As spots of blood the banquet liall
 In some young knight’s romantic dream.
 No more the water-lily’s pride
 In milk while circles swim* content,
 No more the bine weed’* clustei ride,
 And mock the heaven’s element.
 How speeds from in the river’s thought
 The spirit of the leaf that falls,
 Its heaven in this cold bosom wrought.
 As mine among these crimson wall*.
 From the dry bough it spins to greet
 Its shadow on the placid river,
 So might I my companions meet,
 Nor roam the countless world* forevei.
 Autumn, thy w reath and mine are blent
 With the same colors, for to me
 A richer sky than all is lent,
 While fades my dream-like company.
 Our skies grow purple—but the wind
 Sobs chill thro’ green tree* and bright grass
 To-day shines fair, and lurks behind
 The times lliat into winter pass.
 So fair we seem, so cold we are,
 So fast we hasten to decay;
 Yet through our night glow* many a star,
 That still shall claim its sunny day.
 T R U T H.
 lie who has the Truth and keep* it,
 Keepa what not to him belongs,
 But perform* a selfish action,
 That his fellow mortal wrongs.
 He who seeks the Truth and tremble*
 At the dangers he must brave,
 is not fit to be a freeman
 He at best is but a slave.
 He who hears the Truth and places
 Its high prompting* under ban,
 Loud may boast of being manly,
 But can never be a man.
Selections.
An Evening at Home.
 BY T, S. ARTHUR.
 Not going to the ball V said Mrs. Lindley,with
 a look and tone of surprise. What has come ovei
 the girlT’
 •f don’t know, but she says she is not go
 ing.’
 Doesn't her ball dress fit
 Yes. beautifully.’
 What is the matter, then
 Indeed, ma, I cannot tell. You had better g&lt;
 up and see her. It is the strangest notion in thi
 world. Why, you couldn’t hire me to stay a
 home.
 Mrs. Lindley went up stairs, and entering hei
 daughter’s room found her sitting on the side o
 the bed, with her beautiful ball dress in hei
 hand.
 ‘it isn’t possible, Helen, that you are not going
 to this ball V she said.
 Helen looked up with a half serious,half smiling
 expression on her face.
 I’ve been trying, for the last half hour,’ sh&lt;
 replied, to decide whether 1 ought to go or eta;
 at home. 1 think, perhaps, 1 ought to remain a
 home.
 But what earthly reason can you*have for do
 ing so 7 Don’t you like your dress
 O yes very much. 1 think it beautiful.’
 ‘Doesn’t it fit you
 As well as any dress I ever had.’
 Are you rot well
 •Very well.’
 Then why not go to the ball It will be the
 largest and most fashionable of the season. You
 know your father and mysolfare both going. We
 shall want to see you there, of course. Your father
 will require some very good reason for your ab
 sence.’
 Helen looked perplexed at her mother’s last re
 mark.
 Do you think father will be displeased if 1 re
 main at home she aAed.
 I thiuk he will, unless you can satisfy him that
 your reason for so doing is a very good oue. Nor
 shall 1 feel that you are doing right, I wish all my
 children to act under the government of sound
 judgement. Impulse, or reason not to be spoken
 of 'freely to their parents should in no case influ
 ence their actions.’
 Helen eat thoughtful lor more than a min
 ute, and then eaid, her eyea growing dim as she
 spoke—
 I wish to stay at home for Edward’s sake.’
 And why for hie, my dear
 ‘He does not go to the ball you know.’
 Because he is too young and backward. You
 couldn’t hire him to go there. But, that is nc
 reason why you should remain at home. You
 would never partake of any social amusement,
 were Uua always to influence you. Let him spend
 hie evenings in reading. He must not expect hit
 sisters to deny themselves all recreation in which
 he cannot or will not participate.’
 ‘He does not. 1 know he would not hear tc
 such a thing as my staying at home on his ac
 count.'
 Then why stay
 Because I feel ihst I ought to do so. This ia
 the way i have felt all day, whenever 1 have
 thought of going. If l were to go, I know that
 1 would not have a moment's enjovment. He
 ueed not know why remain at home. To tell
 him tbit 1 did not wish to go will satisfy hii
 mind.’
 •1 shall not urge the matter. Helen.’ Mrs.
 Lindley euid, after e silence of some momenta.—
 you are old enough to judge in a matter of thia
 kind for yourself. But 1 must say 1 think you
 rather foolish- You will uol find Edward disposed
 to sacrifice so much for you.’
 *Of that Ido not think, mother. Of that 1
 ought not to think.’
 Perhaps not. Well you may do as you like.
 But 1 do not know what your father will say.’
 Mrs. Lindley then left the room.
 Edward Lindley was at the critical age of eigh
 teen, that period when many young men.e»pe
 ciu'ly thoee who have been bieseed with a Kt*u»i
 would have highly enjoyed a ball. But Edwanj
 was shy, buahlal, and timid iu company, nn&lt;
 could hardly ever be induced to go out to partiei
 with his sisters. Still, he was intelligent for hit
 years, and companionable. His many good qua!
 iUes endeared him to hie family, and drew forth
 from his sister toward him a very tender regard.
 Among hie male friends was several about hit
 own age, members of families with whom hn
 owa was on friendly terms. With these he associat
 ed frequently, and with two or three others quite
 intimately. For a month or two, Helen noticed
 that oue and another of these young friends called
 every now and then for Edwsrd, and that he went
 out with them, end stayed till bed time. Out un
 less bis Meter went ftom home he never went out
 of hie own accord. The tact of hie betug oat had
 from the first troubled Helen, though the reason
 of her feeling troubled she could not tell. Edward
 had good principles, and she could not bring her
 self to entertain (ears of any clearly defined eriL
 Bull, a sensation of uuea*u**a» was always pro
 duced when hu was away in the evening.
 iter knowing that Edward would ge out after
 they had all left, was the reason why Helen did
 Mi wish to attend the bail The first thought of
thw produced an uupleaeent sensation in her mind,
 which increased, the longer eke debited the ques
 tion of going away 01 remaining at home. I'inafty
 •he decided that she would not go. The decision
 took place after the interview with her mother,
 which WMonly half an hour from the Ume of
 fterting.
 Edward knew nothing of tho intentions of his
 sister. Hs was in his room, dressing to go oat,
 and aoppoaed, when he hoard the carriage drive
 fcpm the door, that Helen had gone with the other
 members of the family. On descending to the
 parlor he wea surprised to find her setting at the
 center table with a book in her hand.
 Helen la this you I thought you had gone
 to the ball. Are you not well T* he said quickly
 and with surprise, coming up to her side.
 1 am very well, brother,' she replied, looking
 Into his face with a smile of sisterly regard. But
 1 have concluded to stay at home this evening
 I'm going to keep vou company.*
 Are you indeed nghtglad am lof it! though
 I am eorry vou have deprived yourself of the pleas
 ure of this ball, which I believe, to be a very bril
 liant one. I was just going out because it is so
 dull at home when you are all away.'
 'I am not particularly desirous of going to ths
 ball—so little so. (hat thd thoughts of your being
 left here ail alone had sufficient influence over me
 Ukeep me away.’
 Indeed \Vell I must say that you are kind,’
 Edward returned, with feeling. The self-sacrific
 ing act of his sister had touched him sensibly.
 Both Helen and her brother played well. She
 upon the hup and piano, and he upon the flute
 and violin. Both were fond of music, and prac
 ticed and played frequently together. Part of the
 evening was spent in this way, much to the satis
 faction of each. Then an hour passed in reading
 and conversation, after which music was again
 retorted to. Thus passed the time pleasantly un-;
 til the hour for retiring came, when they separat
 ed, both with an internal feeling of pleasure much
 more delightful than they had experienced for a
 long time.
 Time passed on. Edward Lindley grew up,
 and became a man of sound principle—a blessing
 to his family and society. He saw his sister well
 married; and himself led to the alter by a lovely
 maiden. She made him a truly happy husband, i
 On the night of the wedding, as he sat beside
 Helen, he paused for tome time, in the midst of
 a pleasant conversation, thoughtfully. At last he
 staid—
 •Do you remember, sister, the night you staid
 at home from the ball to keep me company.’
 •That was many years ago. Yes, 1 remember
 it well, now you have recalled it to my mind.’
 1 have often since thought, Helen,’ he said,
 with a serious air, that by the simple act of thus
 remaining at home for my sake, you were the
 means of saving me from destruction.’
 How so V asked the sister.
 1 was just then beginning to form an intimate
 association with young men of my own age,nearly
 all of whom have turned out badly. I did not care
 a great deal about their company; still, I liked
 society, and used to be with them frequently—es
 pecially when you and Mary were out in the even
 ing. On the night of the ball, to which you were
 going, these young men were to have a supper,
 and I was to have been with them. I did not wish
 particularly to join them, but preferred doing so
 to remaining at home alone. To find you,as 1 did
 so unexpectedly, in the parlor, was an agreeable
 anrprise indeed”. I staid at home with a new pleas
 ure which was heightened by the thought, that it
 was your love for me that made you deny vour
 self for snv gratification.
 Wo read together on that evening, we played to
 gether and talked of many things. In your mind 1
 iiad never seen so much to inspire my own with
 high and pure thoughts. I remembered the conver
 sation of the young men with whom 1 had been as
 sociated, and in which I had taken pleasure, with
 something like disgust. It was low,sensual, and
 too much of it demoralizing. Never from that
 hour did 1 join them. Their way, even in the
 early stage of life’s journey’, 1 saw to be down
 ward; and downward it haß ever since been tend
 ing. How often since have I thought of that point
 in time, so fully fraught with good and evil influ
 ences. Those few hours spent with you seemed
 to take scales from my eyes. I saw with a new
 vision. I thought and felt differently. Had you
 gone to the ball, and I to meet those young men,
 no oue can tell what might have beou the conse
 quences. Sensual indulgences carried to excess,
 amid songs and sentiments calculated to awaken
 evil instead of good feelings, might have stamped
 upon my young and delicate mind a bias to low
 affections that never would have been eradicated.
 That was the starting point in life, the period when
 1 was coming into a state of rationality and
 freedom. The good prevailed over the evil; and
 j by tho agyncy of my sister, as an angel sent by the
 Author of all benefits to save me.
 Trades and Professions.
 There is good sense and profitable instruction
 in the following article, from the Philadelphia in
 quirer.- t
 A correspondent in the interior of the State
 informs us that he has a son who is very anx
 ious to become a merchant, a lawyer, or a mem
 ber of some other polished and elevated profes
 sion. But, (adds the father) niy boy, while quite
 as intelligent as lads generally, is not remarkably
 so, and, inasmuch as 1 havo but one son, and am
 in a fair business myself--a country store-keeper
 —1 hesitate as to submitting him to the tempta
 tions of metropolitan life. My own judgment is
 that he had better follow in the footsteps of his fa
 ther, become a useful member of society in the
 circle in which he now moves and mingles, and
 not by false pride or mistaken ambition, wander
 away”from his true sphere, and perhaps become
 a victim to some habit or vice to which he is now
 a stranger. Am l right? C f an you give me any
 advice on the subject.
 In our judgment our corresponcent is perfectly
 correct. If his son, in addition to hie ambition,
 had manifested extraordinary talents, it would
 have been the duty of tho father to afford him a
 full opportunity for their development and culti
 vation. But, inasmuch as his intellectual facul
 ties are but ordinary, he should not bo tempted
 beyond his proper sphere, or induced by a tatal
 vanity to venture into an arena for the fearful
 struggle of which he is not suited. Trade in this
 country are too much neglected. It is another
 mistake in parents to suppose that a boy’, in be
 coming a mechanic, unfits himself tor some high
 er, or perhaps we should say, moro intellectual
 pursuit. This is not the case. Talent, like wa
 ter, will always find its level. Some of the most
 distinguished men of the country —statesmen,
 philosophers, philanthropists—started as humble
 mechanics, arlizans, tradesmen or farmers. 1 his
 can be readily ascertained on turning to the early
 histories of many of the most eminent men in our
 land.
 What a boy most requires is, first a proper mo
 ral basis—second, habits of industry. Give him
 these, with a fair education, and his character will
 develop itsef, whether he be a mill boy’ iu Vir
 ginia, or a wagoner’ in Ohio’; whether born in
 one extremtiy of the Union or the other. Our
 men of enterprise are, in niue cases out of ten,
 the childrtn of poverty —compelled by the force
 of circumstances to depend upon their own re
 sources, and to struggle against all the anxieties,
 difficulties and perils which beset the upper path
 of fame.
 •The boy,’ it should be remembered, ‘is father
 to the man’ in more senses than one—and there
 fore it is that early training, proper hat iu in
 youth, an active, buoyant, determined spirit, are
 all important, it is said of the late sage of Quin
 cy, that bis last words to his son were, ‘a stout
 heart, a clear conscience, and never despair.’—
 This doctrine covers the whole ground. And
 yet parents are apt to make fearful mistakes with
 regard to proper pursuiU for their children. The
 careful aud thoughtful selection of a calling or
 profession, is one of the most responsible duties
 of life. We thus at once direct, iu some sense,
 the future existence of beiogs over whom we have
 the greatest control, and who naturally look to ns
 with respect and confidence. How careful should
 we be not to commit a mistake! not to sacrifice a
 son’s happiness on the altsr of false pride! Who
 cannot point out intelligent citizens in this com
 munity who have taught their sons to despise la
 bor, to regard honest industry as a reproach! Alas
 what a false, what a criminal error—an error that
 may involve unhappiness for years—poverty, dis
 sipation, misery, aud their fearful attendants.”
 Heroic Act.—Tho Binghampton Republican
 i tells the following story: An incident occurred
 at the late fire iu this village worthy of notice.—
 The devouring element had wrapped the whole
 of the interior of the store in flames, and the he
 j roic firemen had began to despair of saving ths
 block, when it was whispered there was a quan
 tity of powder in the building. The stoutest
 hearts were quailing before this new danger,
 when a fireman, Mr. James Halstead, seized a
 lantern, and forcing the clerk (who slept ta the
 store and knew where the powder was) to accom
 pany him, eutefed lh« cellar, and groping his way
 with his terrified companion, soon appeared again,
 amid the breathless suspense of the few who
 knew his fenrful errand bearing a keg of pow
 der, charred with the rapidly advancing flames!
 We understand, ««ye the Boeton Tran»cript.
 that Capt Taggart, of Charlestown, lias com
 pleted bw Plying Machine, on which he has been
 engaged for many years He proposes to make
 a public exhibition of it to-da).
Fron tbs Rochester Dlttf ttetsoem
 Tht Ih4Um Mawr.
 The flown were «oe*.
 The tout* wihd—tbcfrlwUnfertot him W.
 With their sweet spirits, and with aotsetsss weed
 Cone Wlaeer eoM mud wo.
 The own no more
 Kissed with her dewy Its the landscape ptm,
 Nor strewed with mj tied pma and brilliant ■horn.
 Of netted frost work how.
 Slowly her flres
 In Uwfray east she lit; hogging hi rein
 For nutn incense, end leetodloe* strain
 Of nch-toned forest chotn.
 Bui u will flow
 Bark lo the cheek of beauty a dim Uooat.
 Which teem to mock the prawnco of the towh.
 Though tide obbe Wat ood tow;
 Hoof! tie da ye
 Nature baa bloomed egoiat end ee ef old
 Amid her haunts logorgeoue robes of gold
 The nailing Sommer strays.
 Hhe comes to Meat
 Our hearts with old time owmnrho wild and deep.
 Whilst in her soft embrace earth seems to sleep.
 In (item ksrlinea*.
 From roe fai bill.
 Faintly the long-drawn plaint of the ahy quail
 Floats ccbo-like uf on the mellow gate',
 While to the ehrystal rill,
 in the old wood.
 Tbc graceful deer bends low hie lordly crest.
 And naif affrighted pauses oft 10 list
 The tinkling of the flood.
 In Use Mill noon.
 From some green knoll, the eye, of plains ud glades
 And dreamy landscape, drinks such joy, that fades
 The dim light too soon.
 Tbc bright spell
 Is round, and beamy’s wand has waved again.
 And bathed In misty glory each dark glen.
 And modest mossy dell.
 Oh! when the day
 Of life wanes fast, an l hope has ceased to burn
 With steady ray, may youth’s bright glow return
 To cheer my saddened way,
 As to the year
 Come* the sweet summer-spirits 10 breath once more
 Its fragrance round the haunts it loved of yore,
 Tltough faded all and drear.
 A Somnambulist Stsry.,
 From the Paris Correspondent of the London Atlas,
 la tho month of November last, a young girl
 named Eulalie M— ,of the age of 15, wasbro’t
 to one ot'the hospital! of Paris while laboring un
 der a most alarming attack of catalepey. The case
 was a most curious one, and the mother of the girl
 declared that she waa subject to this disease, but
 had never been afflicted for so long a period to
 gether, having been 4 days and 4 nights without
 consciousness. The doctors of the establishment
 were,of course, enchanted with this tonne anomie,
 and lorlhwith began to experimentalize, and to
 provo and test a hundred different methods of cure
 which, nevertheless, had all been exhausted before
 the poor patient was restored to herself. Such,
 however, was the debilitated state in which the
 disease, or rather the remedies,” had left her,
 that she was compelled to remain for sometime
 longer in the hospital to regain her strength.
 It was during this convalescence that a pheno
 menon of the most extraordinary nature wat wit
 nessed in poor Eulalie, which caused the greatest
 perplexity and confusion among the nurses and
 doctors in attendance upon her. She was seized
 with an unceasing, ungovernable flow of speech,
 —words flowed in a torrent from her lips; night
 and day, sleeping or waking, it w’as all the same.
 With persons of her age and sex, nothing is more
 common; but, gentle reader, it was the subject of
 her discourse, which was so extraordinary, and
 which caused even the oldest and most experi
 enced of the medical advisers gathered round her
 bed to turn aside, 60ine in wrath, others in confu
 siou—it was the complete unveiling of every tho’t
 and desire which was passing through the mind of
 whoever approached within a certain distance of
 her bed.
 Tho evil grew to such a height—so many secrets
 got afloat—so many suspicions had grown into
 certainty by this means, that it was deemed expe
 dient to dismiss the patient before a complete
 schism was created among the authorities of the
 hospital. Every celebrity in the magnetic science
 had been summoned to visit the girl, and all had
 declared that never before had a subject, possess
 ing such extraordinary powers of clairvoyance,
 been met with. Every one of the professors, of
 course, contended for the honor of bringing her
 into public notice; but the yeuug assistant of the
 hospital, who attended her in the first instance,
 became the happy man, and bore off the treasure
 to an obscure lodging near the Rue St. Jacques,
 giving up, for her sake, and for the dream ot for
 tune, promised by the wonderful faculty which
 she possessed, his present situation and the cer
 taintv of advancement he had acquired by many
 years’ study and steadfast attention to his arduous
 profession.
 For awhile everything prospered with the young
 codple. All Paris flocked to hear the revelations
 of the sybil, and her house was flocked from morn
 till night with eager inquirers. About a year ago
 Madame do 8 well known by her eccentric
 researches in every kind of science, became so en
 thusiastic in her admiration for Eulalie, that she
 insisted upon her taking up her abode with her, in
 order to aid in certain occult works upon which
 she was engaged—the end and aim being directed
 to no less an obiect than the discovery of all the
 buried treasures whicii existed throughout France.
 It would appear that the revelations of the fair
 Euluke were of such a nature as to satisfy the
 most goldeu anticipations of Madame de 8
 Hundreds of visions, more gorgeous than imag
 ination could supply, burst one by one upon the
 sleeping sense of tlie somnambulist; but of all
 those which were thus laid open to the greedy
 anticipations of the consullunte, none seemed to
 oft'er such irnmeuso and certain chance of splen
 dor as that which was beheld at the Chatecq of
 ('lndus.
 These ruins, so celebrated in English soag, be
 came forthwith the object of a pilgrimage, and
 the Marquis de 8 repaired thither with the
 firm intention of purchasing the ruins, if they
 were to be had for love or money.
 But the owner cared not a whit for the first, so
 far as the Marquise was concerned at least, and a
 great deal too much for the second; so that the
 affair was rather more difficult to manage than
 Madame do S had anticipated. Nothing,
 however, is impossible tu tlioje who are gifted with
 a will firm ana resolute as that of the stout-heart
 ed Marquise; and the bargain was struck at an
 enormous sacrifice on her part, the only condition
 being the removal of the rubbish which encutn-:
 bered the entrance to the principal dungeon of the r
 castle, where, so the persuasion existed,the whole,
 of the treasure was contained. The imp&amp;tieuce
 of the lair purchaser was so great that, fearing
 the customary delay in all French proceedings,
 *be insisted upon tho performance of this part of
 tho bargain before she would consent to sign the
 contract. i
 Accordmglv, workmen were sent to commence
 the task at once, when, lo! by the very stroke of
 the hammer which loveled to the ground the rem
 nant of the old wall that barred ail access to the
 dungeon, a recess was discovered hollowed iu the
 stone, and in the recess a casket of iron, curious
 ly wrought in the fashion of the Greek empire,
 which casket being opened, was found to contain
 a diamond of wonderful magnitude, and of the
 first water. It is said to be six times lsrger than
 the Legem, and of a lustre unrivalled by any stone
 known as yet to the world. The value of the
 treasure is supposed to he at least 15,000,000 of
 francs.
 Readable if not Believeable.
 Important if Tacx”— Clairvotakt discov
 ert of Sir John Franklin’s Whereabouts
 —We stated the other day that a proposition had
 actually been made to Lady Franklinn. tostaitoff
 in a steam b&amp;loon, to look up her lost husband
 amid the icy regions of the far north. Looking
 over a file of English papers brought by the last
 steamer, we find some very remarkable revelations
 i raid to have been made by a certain young lady,
 under the affluence of mesmerism, in reference
 to the whereabouts of the missing navigator,
 which we transfer lo our columns as a fitting
 corollary to the cnal absurdity.
 From the Manchester Guardian,
 ••Sir:—ln the Manchester Guardian of Satur
 day last, (29th September,) you have inserted a
 short notice of inquiries recently made of the Bol
 ton clairvoyant* respecting the fate of Bir John
 J Franklin, which, besides being essentially incor
 rect, seems calculated unnecessarily to increase
 the uneasiness felt by his friends regarding him.
 As a party concerned. I feel it a duty, therefore,
 thougii with some reluctance, to communicate tbe
 real facts to you, ia detail if disbelieved their
 publication can do no barm; and if ever so tittle
 credited, they are rather encouraging th* P other
 Wise
 Being east into a mesmeric Mate, than, this
 woman asserted positively that Sir John Franklin
 w mil abvs. and now comparatively well. He
 has undergone free' haidships, but has overcome
 them* and is in good hope ef getting to England
 ia nine months aud a half, provided ae nnforseen
 accident occurs. Tbe difference between the ap
 parent lime where He is and at Bohan m nearly
 six hours, indicating e difference of leogitede ef
 from 85 to 90. And afterwards, when mill, he
 it.g stiff ra the m*-»u*ertc state, to endeavor to point
 lau the map where he ia, ah* pot her finger on the
 north-west side ef Hudson's Buy. which In net
 very far from this longitude, though the amp he
 mg on a very small scale, and very inconvnnieal
It bawd »p. volume ef the Funny Cycbpar
 iL «ad requested by bar to be raised &lt;w her heed.
 K 4 bald to her eyes, end thus reversed, no fery
 nurm indication could he w oUuntd.
 “As she is perfectly uninetructed, and unable
 area to raad or write, it acetaa scarcely possible to
 aaennoe that die can know any thing of niaps
 whatever; and. farther, the indication thoa ©b
 taiaed. both by difference of time and her point'
 iag oa the map, took tho byetoadera quite by aar
 pnaa. They bad not the lenat idoa of looking for
 Sir John in this direction. And if hia ahipa hare
 been wrecked or abandoned on the west coast of
 Boothia or towards Victoria Land, it is poaaible.
 though it may appear to ne unlikely, that he may
 have tried to retnm to the eastward of Boothia,
 which when he departed, wea anppoacd to be an
 •land And if he haa aocceeded m overcoming
 the very graat difficulties which moat have attend*
 od each n route, this ie precisely the direction in
 which he weald appear. And farther, if be got
 tltia length ieo late in the seeeen to save the Hud*
 son’s Bay Company’a autumn ship, hia own im
 pression would natarally be that he woald be de
 taiaed till the ensuing spring, which weald just
 make up the nine months specified before he ex
 pected to be in England: this period not having
 been given by the clairvoyants as a prophecy, but
 as the impression on her mind, with which she
 professed to have some mysterious means of coin*
 muincation
 It is true that she said that he had only three
 persons with him; but other parties of his men are
 following in the same direction, though some way
 separated from him. She saw also the shells
 (dead bodies) of others in different postures under
 the snow. And she described graphically enough
 the deer, wild cattle, wild men, and rough tangled
 forests that she passed in going to him, with an
 animal striped down the back and sides, which
 leaps very far, and may be the panther or wild
 cat
 She also professed to go and visit his ships,
 one of whom she said was under water, with very
 thick timbers, the other above it. And an old
 letter being also possessed from Sir James Ross,
 she went to visit him too. For this purpose she
 said she had to go much further. He is fast in
 the ice. and unabled to turn his ship round, but
 he intends returning to England when he can.—
 She added that it was snowing heavily when she
 saw him; he had not seen Sir John Franklin.
 The difference between his apparent tf ne and
 that of Bolton was nearly eight hoars, correspond
 ing to 110 deg. to 115 deg. W., and when requir
 ed subsequently to show the place on the map,
 she pointed to Bankes’ Land almost at once, a
 position fall of probability.
 Sir James Ross, she says, is well, but much
 annoyed at being stopped. Another ship is not
 far from him, ana neither of them have sailed yet
 Bat there is a third ship much nearer, uuder sail
 and coming apparently from their direction; her
 difference of time is only two hours and a half
 corresponding to 35 degress to 40 degrees west
 [Can this be the transport sent last spring to re
 new their supplies? She mentioned this ship first
 herself; only one person in the room knew that
 such a vessel had been sent out; and, in his in
 terest for the principal persons concerned; he had
 not thought of the transport sent to their relief till
 this third ship was mentioned.
 She expressed great astonishment at finding
 the clocks differ so much, and said they should
 be sent to the watchmaker to put them right.—
 She also described Sir James Ross as being stout
 er than Sir James Franklin, and in better case
 (“more squash” were her words;) Sir John’s
 cheeks, she said, are somewhat sunk through his
 fatigue, but his health is good, and he has now
 abundance to eat. Her description of his person
 was otherwise sufficiently near, and she respect
 fully mentioned hiß being bald.
 “These, then, were the principal statements
 that were thus elicited; many other details were
 added, not without interest, but this communica
 tion is already too long. Including the mesineri
 ser, four gentlemen were present during the mosl
 of the time they were collected. They will gain
 various degrees of present credit, according to the
 temperament of those who may receive them; in
 truth, it would seem premature at present to place
 much reliance upon them, though in these days
 when we make the lightning carry our messages
 and the sun take our portraits, it is very difficult
 to draw the precise line betwixt the possible and
 the impossible. In any case it would be for the
 interest of truth that they are recorded when col
 lusion is impossible. 1 enclose my card to au
 thenticate my letter, but I do not wish my name
 published.
 “I am sir, your most ob’t ser’vt. m.”
 [in reference to the preceding letter, we are
 desirous of saying, with a view of guarding oui
 opinions on the subject from misconception, that
 we vouch for nothing beyond the unexceptionable
 authority, as to facts, and the writer, who is an
 officer of rank in tho royal navy.]
 [Edinburgh Guardian.
 A New Article of Fuel.— Our attention was
 drawn a few days since to a load at the door of a
 citizen in Albany, which in appearance resem
 bled unburnt bricks. Upon inquiry, we found
 that it was an article of fuel, manufactured in the
 vicinity of Newton’s Corners, a few miles out of
 the city, from a swampy piece of low land which
 furnishes an article much resembling peat. We
 learn that this muck or peat is thrown into a mill
 and ground, then pressed in the shape of bricks
 for the purpose of thoroughly drying, when it is
 ready for use. it is considered to be quite as
 cheap as hard coal, and preferable to either coke
 or coal for grates, there being no gas or smoke
 from it. Thousands of tons have already been
 taken from a single acre in the above vicinity, af
 fording a nice profit to the owners and manufac
 turers. [Troy Budget
 Vallasls Table—The following tabla will
 assist the agriculturist in calculating the number
 of plants or trees which may be planted on a giv
 en piece of ground, at any distance apart. It may
 also assist him in the distribution of manures, di
 visions of beds, &amp;c. An acre ot ground contain*
 53,550 square feet. An acre will contain at these
 distances apart
 Feet apart Plants. Feet apart. Plants.
 1 43,560 12 302
 14 19.360 15 193
 2 10,890 18 114
 24 6,960 20 108
 3 4.840 21 98
 4 2,722 24 75
 5 1,742 25 69
 6 1,210 27 59
 9 597 39 48
 10 435 40 27
 Sisgular Discovert. —While some workmen
 were engaged in digging away a hili belonging to
 Mr. Williams, at Green Point, L. 1., last week,
 they discovered a cell made of cedar, six feel
 wide and eight feet high, containing some salt,
 hay, and a bottle filled with a liquid resembling
 brandy in appearance, but of an oily taste. No
 entrance to the cell could be discovered, and the
 “oldest inhabitant” was not able to account foi
 how it pqme there. Some skulls were also foumi
 near the same plaee, to wnie i oysters had attach
 ed themselves and grown firmly.
 Agricultural College. —lt is understood that
 the Commissioners appointed last winter by the
 Legislature, pursuant to the Governor’s recom
 mendation, will, at the approoemng session, make
 a report in favor of the establishment of an Ag
 ricultural College. [Buff. Adv.
 An immense Whig Mass Meeting was held at
 New Orleans on the evening of the 20th met. It
 was altogether, the papers say, one of the mosi
 enthusiastic demonstrations of the kind the Cres
 cent City has witnessed for manv yean.
 Givisg Battle to a Wolf.— On Wednesday
 evening, the 17th insL, Rev. J. E. Edwards, ol
 Norfolf, Vs., married Mr. George W. Battle, ol
 Richmond, to Miss Caroline A. Wolf, of the for
 mer place.
 Bteau.— A clever writer in the Charleston
 Mercury, “The Home Tourist.” quotes the pro
 phetic lines gf Darwin, with regard to the powei
 and progress of steam. Dr. D. wrote in 1790.
 Truly, as the ideal Abbot of the Mercury says,
 “the poets are tour onlv true prophets.”
 “Sooe shall ihjr arm, uieonquered swan, afrr
 Drag the slow t&gt;ar*e, or dn*e the rapid car;
 Or oe wide waving wings expanded, toar
 The flying chariot through the fields of air.
 Fair crew* triumphant, ieaoinc from above,
 Shall wave their fluttering 'herehetf* a&lt; they move,
 Or warrior bonds alarm the gapina crcu
 And armies ahriah beneath the shadowy (Mi
 A Scare is Cocut. —Tho Cincinnati Com
 mercial tolls a mod story of a scone in s court ol
 that city. We give the story as that paper (elk
 Not a bud anecdote is told of Esq. Wick BaO
 A cuss of assault and battery came before tun
 •sma time since, sad after as esusniuuiiou ef tw&lt;
 or three witnesses, one of them, whom the ’squin
 bed questioned rather sharply, become highly in
 censed, nod, uncorking the vials of wrath, mk
 he eaeld whip any mao that doubled hie word an
 dor noth.
 The ’eqaire palled eff hie spectacles, mad# t
 loop over tho rnO, nod cried:
 Tho court stands adjourned ltd the fight a
 over,” and then, m a trice, hanieesed to the wit
 ■ass, end whipped him in sheet as quick time a*
 be supposed to be agreoebio The betligeran
 trim— being disuaoed ef, the ’squire very grave
 ly coutfrnod the case, sad gave his dsoWea nr
 cording to the evidence-
-Viuurtismunts.
NORTHAIfTON_WATKB CURE.
 Electricity l^r*F&gt;o}i
 r I'HE important principle*of Cutaneous llsrtficitj
 A the discovery of which by the amiersigaed, h*»
 opened to wide a field for scientific end physiologumi
 investigation, though ridiculed and oppoeed at it*
 first announcement in 1941. by medical and prole*-
 ■edly scientific men, being now sustained by rwiocDt
 neo ot philosophic and scientific knowledge, ami by
 the experience and testimony of thousands, who hare
 tested his theory by examinations in liieir own cases,
 the undersigned f« confident that this princijle of
 natural and physiological law, needs only to be tm
 derstood to be justh appreciated by an intelligent
 and investigating public.
 Sustained hr &lt;urh testimony, and more than five
 years’ practical experience as a Diagaosian ami Hy
 dropathic, the undersigned would here repeat the
 couultuioiu at which he has arrived by the sense of
 touch. Ist That the human body, in a healthy
 condition, is in a pontiff ritctrical mtatt. 2d. That
 there are electrical emanations from the cuticlar
 surface, indicative of health, or the nature and
 symptoms of disease. 3d. That in all cases where
 the wrist, stomach, or lungs, are in an electro-posi
 tive state, (however disturbed,) there is hope «d a
 cure; lait alien the parts of the body allwhNl to are
 in the electro-negative statb, Hydropathy can afford
 no relief.
 Had not the results of his practice already con
 vinced tlie public of tlie truthfulness of the principles
 by which (he undersigned is governed, in iletecting
 the nature and symptoms of disease, the recent phi
 losophical and scientific demonstration of their cor
 rectness, hy *Prnfrsurir Means, of Georgia, and Mr.
 H ('miner, of England, and the facts and corrobora
 tive testimony adduced by Hr. Forbes, Mr. Sniee,
 And others, should bo sufficient to convince the most
 sceptical.
 Gratefully appreciating the credit so generously
 awarded for his success ns a Diagnostic and Hy
 dropathic Practitioner, by a discerning public, and
 the gratitude evinced by those whom he has had the
 pleasure to relieve of their complaints, the under
 signed will endeavor to merit the confidence of all
 who may afford him an opportunity to effect a cure,
 by his orrgmal and philosophical method of practice.
 The Northampton Water Cure is pleasantly situ
 ated near Bensonville, on the west bank of Licking
 Water, or Mill River, about two and a half miles
 from the centre of the town. It is conveniently
 arranged, w ith parlors, separate bathing and dress
 ing-rooms, for Ladies and Gentlemen, well venti
 lated and conveniently furnished lodging rooms,and
 a varietv of baths, abundantly supplied with water,
 which, tor purity, and adaptedness to water-cure
 Fiurposes, is unsurpassed by that of any oilier estab
 ishinent in tins country. A new and commodious
 building has just been completed, containing a spa
 cious dining hall, and pleasant lodging rooms, which,
 w ith the main buildiug, will accommodate from 50
 to 60 patients. A Gymnasium connected with the
 establishment, affords an agreeable and healthful
 indoor exercise. The scenery in this vicinity is
 pictmysque and romantic. There are a variety of
 pleasant walks, sufficiently retired to allow tlie pa
 tients to enjoy their rambles without being exposed
 to public gaze or observation
 Among the complaints which are here successfully
 treated, are headache, tendency of blood to the head
 cold extremities, general and nervous debility, bron’
 chitis, pulmonary affection, liver complaint, jaun
 dice, acute or chronic inflammation of the bowels’
 piles, dispepsv general debility, nervous and spina'
 aflections, inflammatory and chronic rheumatism,
 neuralgia, sciatica rlaine limbs, paralysis, fevers, salt
 rheum, scrofulous and erysipelas humors.
 All persons who visit this establishment for a
 course of treatment, should furnish themselves with
 three comfortables, three woollen blankets, one or
 two linen and three cotton slieets, two pillow cases,
 six or eight crash towels, some well worn linen, to
 cut for fomentations, an old cloak or mantle, an um
 brella, and a pair of slippers.
 Terms.—For treatment and board from $550 to
 $8 50 per week, payable weekly. For a patient
 (from choice or the nature of his complaint) occu
 pying a room alone on the first and second floors,
 $9O0 —with room-mate, $6,50. For one alone on
 the third floor, $8 50—with room-mate, $5 50.
 Patients requiring extra attention or fire in their
 rooms, (except for swathing purposes,) will furnish
 their own nurses and fuel, or pay an extra price.
 For patients receiving treatment at home, $1 00.
 Terms for examination, from $2 00 to $5 00.
 Post-paid letters, with one dollar enclosed, solici
 ting advice, will receive attention. Corresponding
 patients should be particular in stating their last
 treatment and its eftects.
 DAVID KUGGLES.
 Northampton Mass., 1849.
 N.B. Visitors to the Establishment, from the
 east, west, or south, can take the ears of the Conn.
 River Railroad at Springfield. Carriages will
 i always be in readiness at the Northampton depot, to
 convey them hither. That the sick and nervous
 may not be disturbed after retiring, visitors arriving
 in the evening train are requestsd to take lodgings
 at a hotel.
 The human blood, in a normal and healthy con
 dition of the system, is in a positive state, which
 is constantly maintained by the activity of the
 generating sources within—an excess generally pass
 ng off in silence from the cuticular surface, so that
 out of 356 experiments made by Mr. He miner of
 England,upon the uncovered skin,” 322 indicated
 j tlie presence of [lositive electricity. This surplusage
 i of the fluid upon the surface, we believe to tie indis
 pensable to the healthful condition of the whole
 animal economy, and that when, from any cause, it
 is diminished or ceases, diseased action ensues.”
 See address delivered before the Medical College of
 Georgia, at the opening of its annual session, Nov.
 8, 1847, hy A. Means, A.M., M.D., Professor of
 I Chemistry and Pharmacy, and Professor of Physical
 j Science in Emory College, Ga., page 25
 Dr. John Forbes, editor of the British and For-]
 j eign Medical Review, in an able article on the con- J
 dilion and junction of the skin, says: “Perhaps:
 there is scarcely any disease -in which tlie ftiuc
 tion of the skin is not, to some extent, deranged, j
 To what extent, physicians have not bestowed suf-j
 iicient pains to learn nor have they lieen accustomed
 to give much attention to this part, in the practical
 investigation of diseases. Physiology l
 teacnes us that it is the vehicle for conveying out!
 of the system a large amount of matter, as well solid
 as liquid; ami practical experience exhibits i» as)'
 I the channel through which the matrix jnt,rbi in
 many instances, and the burthen of plethora gene
 rally, find their exit.”
 The London Sun, alluding to the discovery
 voltaic electricity by Alfred Smee, Surgeon to the
 Bank of England, says: “By a test which he terms j
 electro-voltaic, he has satisfied himself that the ter
 uiinatoins of the sensor nerves are jiosiiive poles o
 a voltaic circuit, while the muscular substance is tli
 negative pole. The sensor nerves are the telegraphe
 which carry the sensation to the brain, and the molo
 nerves carry lack tlie volition to the muscles.” Se i
 N. V. Tribune, April 7, 1849.
 Dr. Hollick, on the subject of electricity, remarks:
 There is no agent that affects the body more, both
 naturally and artificially.” See his work on Neu
 ropathy, published in Philadelphia in 1847, p. 127.’
 Tlie following extract is from an interesting am- j
 cle on electricity, copied by tlie X. Y. Journal of.
 t Commerce from a foreign Scientific Keview: “I
 do not pretend to say that a deficiency of electricity
 may not occur in one part of'the human body, and
 an excess in some other part, for a time, and that
 this may not be die cause ot' disease, and the resto
 ration of the equilibrium the cure; 1 think due most
 1 likely, and that it is upon this principle, in a great
 measure, that die wonderful effects of elecln img
 neiisin, in die cure of disease, are to be explained.
 It is cert, n t.iai, when our electrical machine* are
 most act;'.’ U prodnetive, we ad feel roost vigorous.
 Our nervous systems are then most firm; our dige*-
 ive orgaus most active; our minds most clear.” j
 Asjliuu !®r the Sick.
 T\R- HAMILTON’S Hydropathic apd Anyaiyue
 U Asylum, No 217 Exchange Street, opposite die
 Orphan Asylum, Rochester, N.Y. This Institution
 is now firmly established and in successful opera
 tion. The proprietor analyzes every dieeas e hat is
 admitted there,aod applies the uatural and appro-)
 priaie remedy. Although water is used in every way j
 that is applied in anv water-car" establishment ui
 U»e United States, yet the proprietor wishes it to be
 expressly understood that it is not retied on as the oa/jr
 or principal teinedy in the treatment of disease sub
 mitted to his care. j
 This Establishment is designed for that class of
 invalids who have failed to obtain their heaith by ail
 other systems at* practice, and are still unabl* to
 walk or stand oa their feet, and are confined to their
 beds, wearing oat a life of misery and suffering with
 out any hope of ever being any better.
 The remedies made use of in this Institution not
 only entirely remove dtseasf In* give increased
 strength and elasticity u» the system. Many have
 been brought here from different peris of the coun
 try, who bad neither walked or borne their weight
 on their feet from five to fifteen years; and some
 who have been unable u» drees or undress, &lt;w even
 to feed themselves, and in the course of a few weeks
 would be walk leg with the elasticity of youth and j
 the quickness of a pedestrian, astonished at them
 selves, and surprising their friends and all who saw
 j diem when they first came. The treatment of this
 InstitHUon is pnrticatari} calculated to remove the
 disanaespeculiar to females, such as
 Ist. The falling of the Womb, in all its stages
 and conditions in pntieuu, from twelve years of age
 Xto sixty, and even if they have been euntined to
 ir beds from one u» twenty, tumble to stand, walk,
 1 dross, or —dram themselves, or even too feeble to
 bear any noise ur speak akmd.
 2d. Weak*.* and Falling of the Rowels; Pain
 ia the Side, Shoulders, Rack aad Head Spiral
 Dhsms, Liver Crmplsists, Hmfitag d—mlitm at
 the Stomach, Palpitation at the Heart,
 w all its htm and mgas, Piles, (Wivsaeu, Di.j
trtktra. fk|H)rr)Ni&lt;)B of ijm M E»«w»«
 Mem trust! Whitw, ill ftrrv**** CoM
 Feet and lUb&lt;)», Jti. Anthonr** Ihm, Tetter* rf
 all kind*. Salt Rheum. •a its wm ft (twin, Nrani- 1
 na, Tie tfouleumix, Rheumatism, Uonsnmptiod id
 it* fir*t stage*. General WtokaeM awl IM&gt;if»ty.
 The proprietor ha* given hi* whole attention to
 the above disease* i x the last ten year*, awl Its*
 treated them in an entirely different war from in
 other private practice or public lastitnt/on ta this
 country; and such has lieen hi* *ncoess, awl *o eer
 tain are his remedies in their effects no these dis
 ease*. dial ins tew I of publish inf a lotif lift of cer-j
 tified cure*, he wishes to give that class of invalid*;
 peeking to obtain their health a sufficient goirantee
 against any false pretensions, exaggeration, impo
 sition or deception, so that no one need be to any
 expense in this .li»*t button without being benefited
 The proprietor will enter into a special rontrac. I
 wi’h any one who wishes to do no, that he wilt ad-j
 not into the Institution, to advance the mow v awl
 pay all the expenses from any part of the United
 State* heir and hack hcine again, before be com*
 mences the tieaUnent, ami give a bond to board diem,
 together writh his professional *rrvkre*, for nothing,
 if he doe* not help them according to contract. Any
 one thinking the above proposition not a sufficient
 guarantee against mi.MepiesenUtion* awl expense
 without rece if in. equal lienefrt. can let the proprie
 tor know what wil. tie satisfactory, and it shall I**
 dolv cos iirlered.
 This Institution has grown op from private prac
 tice by the itdjhience of those who have Iteeit helped
 here, a* nothing lias ever been published before;
 and thp proprietor means that it shall sustain itseL
 by its own merits, or pay the expense of those w ho
 choose to make a contract in" case of failure. The
 design of this Circular is not to make known the
 cures that have lieen made in this institution, because
 they must soon lie believed; but to let it be mor
 extensively known to the poor suffering invalids
 that have' spent hundreds of dollars in trying all
 odier systems of practice, and w ithout much or any
 benefit, and still remain confined to their beds firoui
 five to twenty years, that there is an Institution
 w hose treatment is different from, any other one die
 United States, and is particularly adapted to their
 situation, and can have it cost them nothing unless
 they are materially benefited.
 From the nature of treatment in this Institution,
 the number ofpatients must be limited, therefore tlie
 proprietor does not solicit the patronage of slight and
 ordinary cases which mw be easily helped by other
 systems of practice; nor does he want any one to
 come, unless they wish to get well, and are w illing
 to be madfe well enough to walk from five to twenty
 miles at a time, and follow it up day after day iu
 succession; and also willing to be made able to en
 dure as much labor and fatigue as most of people
 that rail themselves well, as he means that every
 one that goes through a thorough course of treatment
 in tin- Analytic Institution shall show by their in
 creased strength, elasticity of motion, firmness of
 texture, capability of endurance, and improved
 health, that the treatment in this Institution is found
 ed on the natural laws of organized matter, and
 consequently its superiority over every other dif
 ferent system of practice.
 All communications addressed to Dr. THOMAS
 HAMILTON, Rochester, post paid, will receive
 immediate attention. If requested, reference will
 lie made to those who have been helped in this Insti
 tution and also good references as to responsibility
 ortho proprietor to meet the above expense* if,
 required.
 Halsted’s Eclectic Medical Institute,
 and Water-l ure Establishment.
 THIS Institution has lieen in successful operation
 during fourteen years, for the cure of all Chronic
 Diseases, and such as cannot be removed by medi
 cine alone.
 MORE THAN THREE THOUSAND Pa
 tients have lieen restored to health and usefulness
 by the treatment pursued at this Institution, whu
 could not find relief by any other course of medi
 cine. Hundreds who had been confined to their
 beds for years, and who were almost in despair,
 have had renewed hope and courage when they have
 learned that others, laboring under as many discour
 agements as themselves, have been cured by thia
 treatment after everything else had failed.
 Those who are laboring under CHRONIC, NER
 VOUS, or SPINAL difficulties, CURVATURES,
 &amp;c., which produce symptoms oi almost all othei
 diseases, with their accompaniments—as DYS
 PEPSIA,RHEUMATISM,NEURALGIA, COS
 TIVENESS, LOSS OF .THE USE OF THE
 LIMBS, NUMBNESS, LOW SPIRITS, PAR
 TDL INSANITY", and a host of other disease;
 arising from the same cause—SPINAL WEAK
 NESS, which they nor their physicians understand
 and which medicine alone will not cure—to sucli
 sufferers we would say, we are curing hundreds jusi
 like you every year. Physicians bring their wives
 and children to have them cured—why not come
 yourselves, and save life, time and money
 We are using water in all the various ways in
 which it is applied in water-cure establishments; yet
 we do not rely selely upon it, or upon medicines as
 tliey are generally understood and applied; but a
 COMBINED TREATMENT WITH ELECTRICITY,
 and a new mode of application which truly is magi
 cal in its efficacy, and is always sure to cure, in one
 half the time it takes under any other treatment,
 allowing that treatment to be successful, w hich is not
 the case one time in ten.
 Femai.e Diseases.—Prolapsus Uteri (falling
 of the womb,) Leucorriiea, [whites] suppressed and
 excessive menstruation, the diseases incident to
 that period known as the turn of life’—involuntary
 discharge of urine and injuries from Childbearing,
 w hich are more frequent than Physicians are willing
 to acknowledge, especially within their own practice.
 Females frequently suffer for years from the diseases
 incident to their sex, and linger out a life of help
 lessness and pain, when a few weeks’ or at most a
 few months’treatment, would remove their difficulties
 and restore them to their families, with Iteallh to
 labor, to enjoy themselves, and to contribute to the
 happiness of others. This has never failed to lie
 accomplished in single instance in this Institution,
 however weak aud helpless tiie patient may have
 been on entering it. Many have come hundred* of
 milt s on lieds, in easy chairs, by "boat, by carriage
 and railroad, who had not walked for years. These
 ladies liave walked miles ituily be tore leaving the
 Institution.
 Sw h is our knowledge and cunfidthce in tfus unpar
 alelled treatment for all long standing or Chrome dis
 eases, of whatever kind or nature, that u/e will offer the
 following
 PROPOSITION:
 HV will enter into a special written agreement with
 surh as desire it, who enter the Institution, follow the
 ruin uni regulations, and go through the system of
 treatment, to pay their travelling expenses to and from
 the Institution, and board, lodge and nurse them, and
 give them our professional services, free of charge, ij
 they are not helped according to agreement. This it i*
 hoped will put a stop to cries of empyricism from
 those interested in keeping patients under their own
 charge, and will be a guarantee to tbo*e worn out
 bv disease, who have spent much of their substance
 iu procuring medicine, and seeking relief, without
 finding it; that here they w ill not spend their money
 without bene lit, and that no false statements or ini
 pocition* will lie practiced upon them.
 The modus i/perundi of curing Female difficulties is
 a new discovery ami practised only at thu Institution.
 Tlie most helpless and feeble cases, who have been con
 fined for years, are relieved immediately, and if not pre
 vented from walking by OTHER diseases, can go up
 and down stairsin Afi hours after commencing treatment,
 without fear or trouble in regard to their original dif
 &lt;t ~ulty. To produce thu almost instantaneous relief,
 the patient is subjected to no pain or inconvenience, and
 in rt«ry instance a speedy cure is performed. If any
 one itoubts let them select the most trysng mnd diffi
 cult case they can find, and test our veracity and shill.
 (Jut TERMS are easy,
 N. B. —Any one wishing to know more about our
 system of treatment for Li st, disease* or any other
 difficulty can address us [post paid] and we will
 send them an account of the Institution Vrtificate-i
 of cure— official report of last year, he,, free of
 r harge—-together with the most respectable refer
 ence* in the citv and country.
 P. ti. Our room is limited, therefore we want
 none to apply that can lie cured at home. We pride
 ourselves in curing what others are not fortunate
 enough to do.
 Communication* should lie addressed to II a LIT a D
 Hall, Medical Institute, Rochester, N. Y., post
 paid.
 Hirihmuv—Joseph Field Ex-Mayor, and
 Rev. G. W. Montgomery, Rochester, N. Y.
 '•Cvery Mm kls «wn rijiklaa*”
 THE HOME DOCTOR.
 JUST PUBLISHED, a new and valuable book
 for every family in the country, and one that suny
 be cool ashed with perfect safety A* its title page
 indicates, it i« “THE HOME DOCTOR, or Family
 Manual, giving the causes, symptom* and treatment
 if Diseases; w ith an account ot the ij stem while u
 health, and rates for preserving that state. Appen
 ded to which are recipe* for making various medi
 cine* and article* for dset for the sick room. The
 whole written for general wse and dadyfpra« tire, by
 John B. Newman. M. D."
 A 100, atxompaaying thia booh, or separate, n
 THE HERB BOOK, a book devoted exclusively
 k&gt; Herb*, giving their nan**, varieties,description,
 medical proper* me aad doer*, cue, time of gathering,
 aad many other duectiuoa very aeefol for every tarn
 ilv to know, and written eipnadr for family
 The Herb Buah is devoted aefoty to tapmlm Mad.
 ted Botany, ami will furnish oe that point aU tht
 orsired inhn—Ui it wanted for generalsee.**
 The two hooks are pet ty and bound together ami
 ro«tnm 'MM pagae, (Set S» teat*, or *oki
 at 12| cent*.
 The •vmpt'MMof each 4isee»e arocareiutiy |ivn
 so tutu we may be recognised from tautki, to ph
 vent practising in the dirk; ahw (he irr-.i».&lt;nu
 sketch ..f general phystofogy. **d rates for keep,
 in health, tsgethrr wiffitffiesttrahen dp ffieuratwoe
 means at aveedfog deleter mm* iiiAnseutu, ami atom
 o*fo* ere thermo* appropriate, for fop
The l«*.k has two WT*&lt;c&lt; b ,n
 plain, simple, c .imwm-leiW*'
 derstood re, n pmwu, »a 4 bf» l*P*:
 ctan aad a thoruoah br*a«i#t. We «u&gt; recommend
 it with entire ronUnce, u ‘e«* w»H» wjT*"r
 in &gt;ll m«r* W m«Owt«*Wlkkßd «rr
 pnhUiibrs) at the price.
 Families in the rowtni, «i*l especially those
 int in new cmhUim aad Bubcwltby climates,
 not hut to procure a copy aixi hare »t at all tune* at
 hand, in caw of sickness a* they might thereby by
 ww simple remedy rare am iprnsi*e a»d pcoUar
 ted doctor* bill. W hether well «irk, swrh a book
 should be in evr r\ horn# a «*l adrurr
 in time of need, dm direction for persona ui
 health carnet* he too strictly atU«W to by alt.
 The prire at which the fovrk i* wild w so low that
 eTerv fa mi hr mar bow a copy, amt norn should be
 without it.
 The l»iik is put up in Paper binding. aad car*
 easily arnt by mail. Posta** only t&gt;&lt; era** to
 aart of the limed Stale*.
 QCp Any prrson se.aliru «M m* &lt;Ml*r hr mail, and
 pud i-tyinsj postage en the lettei, shaU bare tout
 copies rent turn ft*t of pa*tug&gt;.
 Sent in your orders*, then* tr no risk tn send .ms
 money by mail, it comes t«* os daily, and the hr*'
 ulwav* reach th'tr destination.
 Ui- F our families can club together and rend r
 dollar bill, and hare f**tr hooks sent to one att&lt;trees.
 W ANTKl&gt;—Attests hi most of the States to red
 this work, almost every f.uuiK will purchase it »f
 carried to their (bor*.' A smalt capital of from s2ll
 to 850 will be necessary for cadi agent. Addteas,
 vott paid, IiF.O. \V. FILTER,
 April 1, 6 Frchange-st. Rochester, V.
UNPARAIIED IX THE HISTORY OP
 MEDICINE
 AS THF. MOST
 Remarkable External Implication
 Ever Discovered!
 TIME ami experience luiv«* fully proved that this
 UyTVERSA L REMED\ lia.- not its equal
 on the list ot popular incdii me-, having tieen before
 the public for more than fourteen year*. Testimo
 ny of the most disinterested character of its won
 derml effects on Ihe animal economy almost datb
 presented to the proprietor. It is worthy of *pe
 cial remark, that beside the great ami extraordinary
 powers in the cure of
 DISEASES OiyrHE HORSE,
 in which its virtues first attracted the attention ot
 the Farrier and Fanner, and the wonder ot tin
 public generally, it has been successfully employed
 in a great variety of tin- maladies which
 AFFLICT THE HUAI A A RACE.
 Ignorance of facts and philosophy, start at the
 assertion that any one remedy can possess within
 itself the virtue of curing many diseases. F\|mti
 ence of more titan fourteen tears has nevertheless
 established tlv&gt; fact, that Merchant’s Celebrated
 Gargling Oil, or l niversal Family Embrocation,
 will cure most vases and relieve such as the follow
 ing, among many others in the cute of which this
 Oil has been completely successful and in which oth
 er pretended remedies have completely tailed:
 RHEUMATISM. PAI.XFUL XIfRVOUS AF.
 fections, lfites of Animals, Frost Bites, Corns,
 Boils, W billow.', Asthma, Bruises, Burns,
 and Scalds, Cramps, Strains, Sprains,
 Ulcers from local causes, Caked
 Breasts, Contractions ot tl«- mus
 cles,Wounds, Swellings, kc.
 Also a host of diseases
 in Horses and other
 animals,'Uch as
 SPA WAN,
 Sweeney,
 RIXGBOXE
 YVindgall, 801 l Vi,vil,
 Callous,( la' ned Heels,
 Galls 0 f all kinds,
 Fresh \Y on lids, Bruises,
 Fistula, Mitfast, Strains, Lameness,
 Sand Cracks, Foundered Feet, Scratches,
 OR GREASE, MAM, E, FARCY, M A
 Numerous are the unsolicited statements of pa
 tients ihi'inselves, ami others who have used tlie Oil,
 of cuies which in themselves appear so remarkable
 that were they at all interested in a pecuniary point,
 they could hardly have been credited.
 the celebrated Dr. Barker also writes as follows:
 Dear Sir: I have prescribed your Gargling Oil in
 vai ious cases of
 PRACTICAL SURGERY,
 as a liniment, with marked sucres*, and would com
 mend it to physicians generally tor external use hi
 all contusions, tumors, sprains, white swellings,
 anti in all rheumatic affections, wliere external
 means are necessary. As a disruticui, it is harm
 less where the lebnle symptoms have lieeu reduced
 by general treatment. In such cases, it is the most
 efficient remedy within the circle of means now in
 use.
 1 would also recommend it to community at large
 as a salt: -and powerful remedy where there is no
 general fever in all the above diseases, to lie used
 freely, and to counteract inflammation in a remark*
 able manner. In bruised wound* it prevents swell*
 ing, and consequent soreness in hot weather.
 From the peculiar nature of this Oil, and the
 unparalleled success it has met with in the hands of
 the FARRIER, FARMER ■md STAGE PRO
 PRIETOR, it is but justice to say, that of the
 great number of medicines which have lieen oflered,
 none.have been so well adapted to the prompt cure
 of Diseases to which Horses are liable; it has been
 very justly called a Complete Panacea for the Horse.
 For instance, read tin- lollowmg:
 TO OWJSERS OF HORSES.
 This is to certify that 1 have had tor many years the
 care of from one hundred to two hundred horses,
 and have made use ot Merchant’s Gargling Oil tor
 two years oast, and can safely say, that for all the
 diseases that horses are liable to, I never saw it*
 equal. I use about one bottle per month, and re
 commend it to the public as the l*;.'t medicine lot
 homes now in use. E D MINOR.
 All orders addressed to the proprietor will he
 promptly responded to.
 Get a pamphlet of the Agent, ami see what won
 ders are accomplished by the use of this medicine.
 bold by respectable dealers generally in die I m
 ted States and Canada.
 Also bv Post k Willis, W*. Pitxim, 1.. B
 Swan, Winslow Young, H. D. v\ auk.
 Rochester.
 II fc E Gaylord, Henderson Pa to lei son, Cleve
 land, O.; G Ding At Son, Columbus, O.; Gordon
 k Israel, Cincinnati, O.; McClure Co, Albany
 Hollister k Co, Buffalo; Greenman k Smith, Uti
 ca; P D Orris k Co, Troy, N Y. July IS-tm.
 British Periodical Literatare.
 The Lvrulon Q uartnli, Review, the Edinburgh Rrneu
 The North British Reruw, the Weetminrter Relieve,
 and Blackwtxjd’t Edinburgh Atu^izine.
 H'HK wide-spread lame of these splendid periodi-
 X cal* renders it needless to say amen in their prauw-
 As literary organs, ltw-y stand far in advance ot
 anything of the sort now published, while the polit
 ical complexion ot each i* marked by a dignity,
 candor, and toibcwraj.cc, not olten touud in work*
 of a parly character.
 Tbev embrace the view s ot the three great uiriai
 in England—lory, Whig, ami Radical. Khick
 wood and the Loudon Quarterly are Tory; the
 Edinburgh Review Whig; *nu tlie Westmin
 ster Review Radical, lie* North British Re
 view is more of a religion- character, having hee»»
 originally edited by Dr haknrrs, and now, since
 his death, tieiug conducted by bis son-in-law, Dr
 Hanna, associated with Sir Ihivid Brewster- It*
 bteniry charwctei is of tie- very highest order. The
 Westminster, umugh rr printed uie‘er tliat title only
 is pobliseed in England under tin- title of The For
 eign Quarterly and W ewlininster —it hem# m fact a
 union of the two Review* formerly republida-&lt;! and
 reprinted under titles. It has, therefore,
 the advantage by this c.tgshmatisin of unit in# in one
 work the best features of Win as heretofore iseucd.
 Tin- above pen -dscals aie reprinted iu New York,
 immediately on their arrival by the British summer«.
 in a beauulal clear type, on fmr whip: papei, aiel
 are faithful copies of the original*, BUikwood’-
 Magazinr, being an exact fnchmeie ot the Ed in bus |h
 edition.
 fit ice it ro* 1*49, (ir «r»w;ki»ai&gt; f*&gt;» ttxnl'
 For any one of the four K* views, ©3 OU per sumna.
 For any two do 5 00
 For any three do 1 00
 For ail four of the Reviews, 8 UO
 For Blackwood’s Magazine, *«M
 Fur Blackwood and the 3 Reviews, 9 dU
 For Blackwood It tke 4 Reviews, HIW
 Payment» to be made in alleaaet in advtnre
 CLU BBING.
 Font eepiee ot any or all the above weak* will h
 •ent to one athiress on pay mem of the regular
 script ion fur throe —(be fourth copy being
 EARLY COPIER.
 A late erreeanuent wah the British l'“ ,4 j
 Blackwood’s Magazine secures to us early sheets*
 that wank. by which we shall be abfc Uw
 entire number in the hand* ot wshsenhet«
 Ktiou of it im» he repriuted w aayofthe Atnertraa
 nwak. For iW* e»l other whruatnfw served w
 ntiimi’i liera# snaa met A CABWf**"m^*^t
 nar. Therefore we repeat sehenrd* enrtjr
 the price m low.
 1 Remmaac c* amt u*u«wuMilw.o **l*
