FREDERICK DOUGLASS, Editor
YOL. 11. NO. 47.
The WORTH STAR i* pushed every
 Friday, at Wo. S 5, Rnffalo Street,
 (Ovr»*trl t Arcade.)
 TERM^.
 Two dollars per anutmi, aivxiyt m adtanct. No
 wbtcripiion w ill be received tor a lew term ituia
 j tflontb*.
 A .renneiner.t* not exceeding ten line, mrerte l
 three timer f*»r one dollar; every tubscquent i»*«r
 tion, twenty-five cent*.
Tiie object of the North Star will be to murk t
 SLAVERY in *ll it* form* and aspects; adrocau-
 Universal E*A»cirATlO!l; exalt the •taudatd
 o( pooiiC morality, promote tne moral and intellec- j
 yji •improvement of the Color iu t’ i.opl r:; and
 jyitea the day of FREEDOM to the 'i href. j
 Millions of our enslaved fellow countrymen.
 PUBLISHER’S NOriCF.a
 AH coononnications relating to the busmen j
 matters oi the paper, itamMi of MibacTbers, mint-j
 tanceis fcc., should be addressed to John Dick,
 Pub i»her.
 Agents, and aU others sending names, are
 rec ,este&lt;l to be accurate, end to give the Pott office,
 the County, an i 'he State. Eacu Subscriber is irri
 me^lately credited for money received.
 Any person sending in payment for four sub
 scribers, ic be forwarded to one address, may
 have a fifth copy for o e tear.
 KP All letters and communications must be post
 paid
 LIST OF AGENTS.
 Massac H c s r. tts .—R. F. W allrut ,21, Cornhi !1,
 Boston; Nathan Juhuson, New Bedford; Horatio
 \V. Foster, Lowell; James N. Bultum, Lynn;
 Bou' ne Bp&lt;x»ner, Plymouth; Dat id ltuggh s, North-.
 ampton.
 Connecticut. —Jona. Leonard, New Haven.
 N'rw York. —Sydney H. Gay, 142, Nassau I
 Street; Jarnes M’Cnne Smith, 93, West Broad
 way: Joseph Post, NVestbury, Queen County Ma
 ry Harper, Albany, Elias Doiy, Sitcedou; Wtl-j
 lettt Keese, Peru, Clinton County; J, 1 Piatt,
 Penn Yan; J- Jeffrey, Geneva; E. L. Platt, Bath.
 Rhode Island.—Amaraucv Paine.Prnvi ienee.
 Pennsylvania.—J. M. M’Kim, 31, North
 Fifth Street, Philadelphia; G. W. Goines, 8, 1 x
 changc Place, Ditto* B. Bown, Pittslurgh; W in.
 W'htpper, Columbia; Milo A. lownsend, New
 Brighton.
 OHIO.—J. J. Gaines, Cincinnati; \au.iti.ie
 Nicholson, Harveysburgh, Warren C'.niuty Samuel
 Brooke, talent.
 MICHIGAN. —Robert Banks, Detroit.
Selections.
From the True Wesleyan.
 CIVIL GOVERNMENT.
 Most of the Presidents of the United
 States who have held this office since
 the adoption of the Constitution, have
 been slaveholders. Can lie be a ‘‘just
 man,” who deliberately puts his hand
 into his neighbor’s pocket and takes
 from him the avails ot his labor, and
 thrusts his hand through the pocket to
 the man, and makes the body goods and
 chattels; and still like the horse-leech
 crying “give, give, lie forces his gree
 dy hand through the body to the soul,
 and claims its original powers, and like
 wise the work of the spirit ot God upon
 that soul, as wrought especially for his
 benefit in the market where he sells
 him. Is such a man just'
 If found on the coast of Aftica doing
 such things, he would be regarded as a
 pirate and dealt with accordingly. Tut
 let him ohange his location a few de
 grees of latitude and longitude, and he
 is nominated for the office ot President,
 (if popular) and the Church v, ;!l »itc
 tioneer and vote tor such a man, and
 endorse his injustice, and trample on
 the authority of the word ot Cod it
 ia as much the duty ot ihe hrislian to
 vote right as it is to pray right' far “lie
 that turneth away Ins ear turn, healing
 the law, even his prayer shall he an
 abomination.” Now, every professor
 of religion who votes, well undersfands
 this; that the law by which a ruler is
 secured in this country is by the suffra
 ges of the people; and hence when he
 does not vote for what he prays in rela
 tion to the administration of the govern
 ment, he turneth away lii» ear from
 heating the law, and his prayer is an
 abomination before God. It is not an
 uncommon thing to hear professors oi
 religion of a certain character pray,
 '‘that we may be favored with just ru
 lers—men w ho shall fear God and work
 righteousness; men, who shall exert
 their influence to break the yoke of the
 oppressed and let them go free; and
 who will also oppose war, and cultivate
 h spirit of peace with ali nations —who
 will carry out also the great design of
 government, in securing to all classes
 of men their inalienable lights, &amp;.C.,
 and then go directly to the ballot box,
 and vote himself a very inconsistent
 member of the Church of Christ. It
 this is not an abominable prayer, what
 ia? No man who robs his feilow-uuio
 of his earnings cun be a iu-t man;
 slaveholders do this very tiling, and
 therefore are unjust men. The time
 serving (not Christ-servingj member ot
 the Church exalts the unjust man to
 office, and therefore shows Ins want ol
 faith in the word of God, and perhaps
 in the next Conference meeting com
 plains of the alarming increase of infi
 delity! It js a fact so well established
 that the American Church as a whole,
 does not require as a condition on winch
 her voles shall be given, that the can
 didate should be a “just man,” that, to
 deny it, would be to deny tlie fact that
 we have now a slaveholding President,
 made so by the votes of the professing
 Christians, in common with ihe votes ol
 slaveholders.
 “Jusi &lt;jj«! arid Holy
 J* um Church which lend*. ai l to tl»o spoiler,
 Thine 1
 Every ruler who takes the oath of
 office under the General Government
 of the United States, appeals to God
 for help to carry mlo effect tho Consti
 tution and laws of the United States.
 “Ho that ruleth over men must be
 just, ruling in the fear of (iod.”
 The Constitution of the United States
 doe*, or docs not sustain this God-dis
 honoring, woman-whipping, heatlien
 niaking system of Slavery. if it does,
 then the luler swears to defeud this vile
 hoanuation, and asks God to help him!
 hat an insult to Hun who i» opposed
 all wrong,—who is pledged to do
 r *l|kt, and does .right continually! If
 Constitution does not aim at the
 protection tf Uiia ungodly system, hut
THE NORTH STAR.
aims at the protection of the rights of
 man; and if (hose rulers know that the
 rights of any man are unjustly, uncon
 stitutionally wrested from him, and do
 not exert themselves to remove such
 wrong, and defend the Constitution,
 they are guilty of perjury! That man,
 who does not regard his oath, is not the
 man who 'fears God,' and is not the
 man He will approve of. The govern
 ment is not administered agreeably with
 the letter, or the spirit of the Constitu
 tion on the question of Slavery, and
 hence it is clear that the rulers do not
 rule in the fear of God. Both the let
 ter and spirit of it is against oppression,
 and yet there are millions of degraded
 down-trodden slaves in the land! Why
 is tins? Does the Church consider it
 the design of Government to take aw ay
 liberty from every sixth person in the
 land? If not, why does she not demand
 the overthrow of this system of oppres
 sion? The people who adopted the
 Constitution,say in the preamble, “We,
 the people of the United States, in or
 der to form a more perfect union, es
 tablish justice, insure domestic tranquil
 ity, provide for the common defence,
 promote the general welfare, and secure
 the blessings of liberty to ourselves and
 our posterity, do ordain and establish
 this Constitution for the United States
 of America.’ There is not even a hint,
 that Slavery is an object to be defended;
 but it is emphatically asserted that lib
 erty is to be secured “to us, and our
 posterity.” But leaving the Slave
 States out of the question, why does
 slavery exist in the District of Colum
 bia? I answer, because the Presidents
 have not defended the Constitution as
 they have sworn to do in their solemn
 appeal to the God of nations, who says,
 “thou shalt not take the name of the
 Lord thy God in vain.” In Art. sth ol
 the amendments it reads, “No person
 shall be deprived of life, liberty or prop
 erty, without due process of law.”—
 The President of the United States
 knows that the only ground on w hich he
 claims the right to property in man, and
 ground on which liberty is wrested from
 hundreds in the District of Columbia is
 this: their mothers were slaves! And
 they are deprived ol liberty without due
 process of law, which is defined in arti
 cle 7th of Amendments, which says
 “In suits at common law, where the
 value in controversy shall exceed twen
 ty dollars, the right of trial by jury shall
 be preserved, and no fact, tried by a
 jury;, shall be otherwise re-examined in
 any Court of the United States, than
 according to the rules of common Jaw.”
 What does a slaveholding President
 care about common law for the slave—
 or what does he care for his oath on
 these articles? He is in office, and the
 Church has helped him in, and now says
 by its silence as the high priests did to
 Judas, “see thou to that.”
 J ins is her present position m rela
 tion to the existing, slavery-defending
 administration.
 It is easily understood from the word
 oi God w hat position she should occupy
 as the representative of Jesus Christ,
 1. Repent of infidelity, and treachery
 to His cause, and to his sufi'eting poor,
 who are crying for liberty. She should
 be penitent.
 2. She should rebuke that spirit
 which divorces morality from politics,
 and help to elect such men only as will
 rule in the leur of God. This she has
 not done, and consequently is guilty of
 corrupting government by her influ
 ence. She should rebuke ali iniquity.
 3. She should unite her influence
 with the faithful in Christ Jesus who
 contend for the rights of man univer
 sally, and demund a just administration
 of government, by voting right, and
 pray to the Great Head of the Church
 to assist the few who are establishing
 the law of God, and not making it void,
 and thus make the Church what she
 should be, “the light of the world,” as
 Christ requires.
 J. M. H. DOW.
,1 SLAVEHOLDING HUMANITY—
 “TUitMNG LOOSE.”
 An instance of slaveholding humanity
 and honor has recently came to our
 knowledge, winch is so characteristic
 of the slave system and the slaveholding
 spirit that we will narrate it:
 A colored woman named Sarah
 Cromwell, nearly ninety years old, ar
 rived in this city a few weeks since, in
 the Baltimore cars, under the following
 circumstances. She was raised and
 had always lived as a slave in Balti
 more, and for many years had been
 owned by a master, whom she had nurs
 ed in infancy, and tended through sick
 ness and health, until driven by his own
 {hand from his home. A few' months
 since she met with an accident which;
 disabled her somewhat for active labor, i
 and depreciated her value as a piece
 property. Finding she was likely to
 become an expense to him, her master!
 sent her to Wilson's slave prison for
 sale, ordering the trader to get rid of
 her to any body, and at any juice; Out
 110 purchaser could he found to take
 her.
 While she was there, two intelligent
 gentlemen from Chester county visited'
 1 the prison.
 “Gentlemen,” said the slave
 after a few moment upon
 his business, “here's a chance for your
 l philanthropy.” Then stating the fact-*
 in the case, and adding that the old wo
 man w as unsaleable and worthleaa, andi
 1 a disgrace to establishment, be pro
 posed that if the/ would take her to
 Pciuisylvajii*, they might, and he would
 pay her fare.
 “Old wom«J*l” ,n lh lrU€
 slave driver’* tone, ‘come out here?
 Sho out, withered and tottering
 with age, an object to move the rt-vtur
 cntiul pity of every feeling heart. He
 rc pealed I Mb proposal to her, and asked
 her if she would go to Founsylvama.
 ■i
RIGHT IS OF NO SEX—TRUTH IS OF NO COLOR-GOD IS THE FATHER ALU AND ALL WE ARE BRETHREN.
“No!” was hernndignant reply, and
 ker eves flashed fire as she spoke, “I
 told Master that lie had worn all the
 flesh off my bones, and he should not
 throw the worthless bones upon any
 other hands. I was worn out ia taking
 care of him, and he shall not turn me
 off to die with strangers.”
 But, poor woman, she was a slave,
 and her will was powerless. A few
 days later the heartless soul-trader, by
 order of the more inhuman master, took
 Sarah Cruinwell to the cars, paid her
 faro to Philadelphia, gave bonds to the
 railroad company to save them from li
 ability, put two dollars and fifty cents
 into her hand, and sent her to Philadel
 phia; threatening vengeance on her if
 ever returne«bind telling her that
 the “damned. Quakers would take care
 of her." p.« mfln and drcre|»d.
 she was turned omnoWtless, friendless,
 and almost pennyless into a strange
 city Here she fortunately found that
 the world was not all peopled by demons
 or monsters. Generous hearts and
 kind hands, rich in benevolence, though
 poor in the world’s wealth, gave her a
 home w'bere she now is. These facts
 are fully confirmed by other testimony
 than her own, from most reliable wit
 nesses. We have no words to speak
 the loathing and shame which such a
 deed, perpetrated by a human being,
 excites within us. Such is American
 slavery! Such is the spirit and feeling
 which it breeds!— Pa. Freeman.
A SLAVE’S ARGUMENT.
 We copy from the August number o
 Sartain’s Magazine a passage from r
 tale of the Revolution by a Mr. VVilej
 of North Carolina, which has been de
 nounced from Mason and Dixon’s lint
 to the Gulf of Mexico as an ‘Abolitiot
 Document’ of the worst sort. Oui
 readers will remember some allusion:
 made trom Southern papers in relatiot
 to it. Wild Bill’ is a fugitive slave
 meets n young couple in the woods
 when the Tale proceeds thus. It i:
 well worth reading to learn how palpa
 hie a pumpkin lantern will pass
 those fire-eaters, for the foul fiend him
 self breathing forth smoke and flames
 The wild man was, at first sight, ar
 ordinary looking negro, whose face
 though not entirely black, denoted un
 mixed blood, and whose features hac
 on expression more intellectual thar
 ferocious. An old hunter, however
 would instantly have known him to be c
 man of the woods, tor his skin had thai
 reddish-brown rusty hue, which con
 stant exposure to the weather produces,
 and there was about his look and gait
 an undt finable air that showed an un
 tamed and untameable nature. He was
 rather low in stature, but stoutly for
 med, with greath depth and breadth ol
 chest, an'd a naked arm ofimmense size
 and almost ns hard as ivory.
 iou gaze hard at me,” continued
 he, addressing himself to Walter, “but
 it’s natural, for I’ve no doubt you’ve
 heard a great deal about me. What’s
 the last news?”
 “News about what?” asked Walter,
 “About me—Wild Bill 1 have I done
 anything lately?”
 “You ought to know better than I,”
 answered Walter. “You know when
 and how \ou committed a most brutal
 and barbarous murder lately.”
 “I don’t know to which one you al
 lude,” said the negro. “I’ve done so
 much of that lately,that I hardly know
 the names of all the cases.”
 “You seem to make yourself merry
 at the recollection of it,” replied Wal
 ter, setpping back and slightly raising
 his gun.
 “Come young man, don’t disturb
 yourself’,” remarked Wild Bill: “I un
 derstand you, and you may as well put
 dow n your gun. Would you shoot me;
 kill me in cold blood?”
 “I will not kill you if you’ll surren
 der,” said Walter, “and let me deliver
 you up to justice.”
 “To justice!” exclaimed the negro,
 his wild laugh startling his listeners.
 “You deliver me up to justice! Do
 you know what justice is? Don’t you
 know it is the will of the strong? the
 instrument by which the great folks op
 press, and rob, and break down the
 poor and weak? bah justice,” cried he
 with a scornful look and tone, “how I
 hate to hear a canting hypocrite use
 that word.”
 “I know it is often misapplied,” said
 Walter, “but that is no reason why a
 murderer and a robber should not be
 banged.’
 “And who will hang him?” asked
 the negro; “the liars, thieves, and
 murderers, who rob mankind of their
 rights, and make laws to sanctify their
 crimes? Young man, my hands are
 rough aq*i hard, but there is no smell
 of innocent blood upon them; my skin
 is dark and ugly, but rny soul is whi
 ter than that of the whitest judge who
 sits upon the bench. What have I
 done* what is my crime that I must be
 an outcast and an outlaw, hunted from
 swamp to swamp, with a whole nation
 for my enemies, and not a human soul
 to speak to- me in the language of
 friendship?”
 “What have you done?” exclaimed
 Walter, “why robbed and murdered
 peaceful and unoffending people, turn
 oing your hand against every man, and
 making for yourself enemies o! all man
 kind.”
 U-ttu f*J*&gt;u* **oi uaiike the Wild
 Fill ol i.«. t Jtf. from &lt;W r.L-U.t uthere h**e
 in Ki«tfrn CsroKfW, reaawmy
 *hoh*c4i..&lt;W ctoe mmd,
 a-*1 ihe triido.u, co«**. «ra«f«u* of«W
 tern, and at* will. »ptc* of **d
 *ouw«mi, ul
 **The Vwamp* e*f*ri*Ur. »re fait of «m± dmwe-
 U-r.; a* I mrnm ymr* P** “D*—»l
 ure.Md Unwed fm setersi
 tte-« «iMIWSM** the *‘ldereew, were
 drive* Urm their P****- 1* **»d cm*
 voting .*B4B eho ted n* *ff »aee 4 «.»ejo«*,
 erturwd u &gt;*l waster, »*oi a UB1 v chll
 dnrn*
ROCHESTER, N. Y., FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 16, 1849.
S.
 “Let the great God of heaven am
 earth crush we tin-, instant, it' the guii
 of a single murder or robbery lie*
 heavy on my soull’cried Bill.
 “Then you are greatly belied,” sak
 Walter.
 “And so is he they call the devil, r
 replied Wild Bill, “mankind are fond
 of laying ail their sins on some hated
 scapegoat. Young man, you know lit
 tle of this world, and wfien you come
 to know it, your honest heart will sick
 en. Here am I, an unoffending, lone
 ly creature, Jiving on wild fruits, sad
 the beasts of the forest, molesting no
 one, taking no part in the affairs ol
 men; and desiring to live only in the
 wild-woods, a free inan; and yet, for
 that very reason, my uame has become
 a bugbear to frighteu children and old
 £ujyues, and a thousand weapons aim-
 Erafrny heart. And who are my"en
 emies? who are my judges? where are
 the red men who once roamed these
 woods in freedom? Swept away, root
 and branch, by those who are after me
 with the vengeance of the law. These
 woods and rivers, and towns, and
 swamps, and fields belonged to another
 race; a race that never visited foreign
 lands, and never carried civilization
 and death to foreign nations. But the
 pale faces and their red laws came here
 and where now are the poor savages,
 whom the Christians came to bless?
 Their bones are strewn with the dead
 logs of the forest, and the swamp, and
 their souls are all gone to the Indian’s
 Heaven! And what did they get for
 their hunting grounds here? The
 sword and the bayooct, the justice of
 the while man!”
 “There is some truth in that,” said
 Walter, coloring, “Iv’e often thought
 of the injustice done the Indian, and
 sometimes fancy that from their blood
 wilt spring avengers to curse tbe land
 which has been so freely watered by
 it.” m
 “And win not the wrongs of another
 1 colored race call for vengeance also,”
 asked the negro. “Is the Indian who
 died on his native hills to be pitied, and
 no tear shed for the poor African who
 j is torn from his home, his wife, children
 and kindred, and dragged in chains,
 i like a condemned criminal, beyond the
 sen, to be beaten and driven like the
 brutes? Who} is God? where is he?
 i continued the negro, his nostrils dila
 i ting and his chest heaving: “does he
 not sit in heaven and mark the unex
 pressed wailings, the inward prayfirs,
 and the heart sickness of those thou
 sands of thinking, rational and immor
 tal souls, whom the white men drive
 and beUt as they do their oxen and hor
 ses? Do you know that the negro as
 well as the white man, has an undying
 spirit that looks to Heaven, and that it
 will meet it’s master’s as an equal at
 the bar of God Master! God only
 is my master!”
 “Our English ancestors did all this,”
 replied Walter, “and my people and I
 are not responsible for it. Slavery is
 now a condition of society, and it can’t
 be helped; in fact the negroes arc bet
 ter off than they would be, if they
 were all set free.”
 “I am better off free, and w oe be to
 the man that attempts to take me,” re
 turned Wild Bill.
 “Your master has a right to you,
 and would be justified in killing you if
 you would not surrender,” answered
 Walter.
 “My master!’ cried the negro,
 “young man who is your master?”
 “No man,” answered Walter.
 “Not even the king?” asked the ne
 gro.
 “Yes; that he is, he is my sovereign,
 and I owe him allegiance
 “And ain’t there a talk of throwing
 off this allegiance.”
 “The people complain of his minis
 ters,” replied VV alter.
 “And do they not complain of op-j
 pression and tyranny.' 1 asked Wild
 Bill.
 “They do, and they do it justly “’an
 swered Walter.
 “And if the people were to unite to
 throw off the royal yoke and have a
 government of their own, wouldn’t you!
 join them?”
 “That I would.”
 “Now, sir, can you blame my peo-'
 pie if they wish to throw off the yoke of*
 their roasters?’' i
 “The case is altogether different,”
 said Walter. “In the first place they
 couldn’t do it, and therefore it would
 be useless bloodshed; in the second
 place, we are two distinct nation# liv-|
 ing in the same country, and one or;
 the other must be masters of it. The;
 Americans only wish to dissolve their
 connexion with a distant country, youi
 wish to destroy a nation. W e are, fort
 your own good and ours, obliged to
 keep vou in bondage for the present j
 and we are justified by ifie laws of God
 and man. Iv’e no doubt that some day j
 our people will do the best they ©an fer
 tile negroes, and try to set them free
 when they can do so consistently with
 the safety of the whites aad the wel
 fare of the blacks. But if you excite,
 an insurrection, you will be guilty of
 the horrible crimes by civil war,
 and you will rivet the chains of your
 race for a century longer. I believe
 all or nearly all, the white people feel
 deeply the responsibility rwtmg on
 ihem,' and are truly sorry for the condi
 uon of the negroes; they are bis best
 friends, I mean the master*. Those
 white scampe, with Week hearts wid j
 forked tongues, who go about prating
 of the horrors of slavery, and trying to.
 cause rebellions, are the worst cue
 miee of the human race; they are eeek-j
 ins their own tndividuai mtereeU, andj
 care no more for the blacks them they j
 do for the whites, and would sacrifice
 both to gain their ends.” A
 “I have nothing to do wuh them, j
I Mid the aeg re, “I was only talking of
 our right to rebel.’*
 I‘You have no right to rebel unless
 you have reasonable hopes of success,”
 replied Walter, “and ifyou rebel where
 j there is no possible chance for you,
 you are a wholesale assassin, a pirate,
 and as such will be judged both by God
 and man.”
 “You argue your aide well,” said
 f Wild Bill smiling, “I did not think to
 find an unpractised youth so c Xpert
 f with tha weapons of logic.”
 “I can rrturn your compliment,” re
 plied Walter, looking curiously at tbe
 negro. “I’ve been surprised to hear
 such language from”—•—
 “From a negro!” exclaimed Wild
 Bill, with an equivocal laugh. “I know
 very well what you mean, and you need
 pot apologise. My people were the
 I lowest barbarians in Africa: they have
 f been slaves here; and are, I know it
 well, vastly inferior to the whites. It
 j. is the mode of life that has caused this;
 we are ail one people—children of a
 common father. My mother was a pet
 slave and tolerably well educated. I
 was thought to be smart when a boy,
 and my mother and my young master
 took great pains in teaching me to
 read. May God rest their souls in
 heaven.”
 “Your young master!” cried Wal
 ter. “I thought you had no master.”
 “I was living in the past just then;
 the good old times that are past were
 before me. But, as I was going to say,
 1 was carefully instructed until I was
 twenty. I read when young all tbe
 books of my master’s son, and I’ve
 been, for years past, a reader of na
 ture and a thinker. I can read and
 write too; and would you believe me,
 I write verses, and set them to music.
 You smile, my little friend,” continued
 the negro, turning to Utopia. It seems
 strange to you that the bloody Wild
 Bill should be a musician. Folks when
 I am dead and gone, will tell long and
 terrible stories about me—they will
 tremble at the very mention of my name;
 and yet, as my master, God, can wit
 ness, my heart yearns with the feel
 ings, the hopes, the fears, and the sen
 timents that burn in the bosom of this
 innocent girl. I’m a great, ugly look
 ing monster, ain’t I Utopia?”
 “I don’t know sir,” said the girl,
 blushing, smiling, and banging her
 head.”
 “I know I look so,” continued Wild
 Bill, “but both of you shut your eyes
 and listen to my song and see if it sounds
 like that of a robber.”
 The negro insisted on Walter’s
 obeying his wish, just to see what opin
 ion he w'ould form of him from the mere
 sound of his voice; and the lad, amu
 sed at- ttw request, covered his (ace*
 with his hands, as did also Utopia—
 while both listened with eager curi
 osity.
 They were not long in suspense, nor
 could they realize that they were in the
 presence of a wild man f the wqpds,
 as, with a voice full of feeling and
 pathos, and to an air plaintive and ten
 der, he sang words which, though sim
 ple, and even rude, embodied, like all
 negro songs, a wild and melancholy
 tradition, and breathed on that account,
 a sentiment homely, but touching and
 sad.
 WHAT THEY THINK OF U 8 SOUTH.
 [From the FjirfielJ (YViuaaboro, S. C.) HeraU!.]
 Frederick Douglass. This no
 torious scoundrel, who ran away from
 his master and sought retuge
 the Abolitionists of the north, on a re
 cent occasion delivered an address at
 an Abolition gathering in New York,
 and took occasion to depict the wanton
 ness and inhuman conduct of these fa
 natics toward bis “belubbed bredren,”
 in the following style:”
 “We are, says Douglass, not only a
 proscribed people—an insulted people
 —but an outraged people—weighed
 down under greater oppression than
 any other people. Everywhere we are
 treated as a degraded people. If we go
 to church we are despised there; and
 made to take an obscure place though
 the preacher talks of ail men
 being made of one blood. In the State,
 we are taxed equally with all other men;
 we pay for the education of the whites,
 but regarded so mean and degraded,
 that by Slate enactment we are not
 trusted even to carry a mail bag twen
 ty yards across the street, or even to
 lift it offfrom the top of a stage coach.
 An ignorant Irishman, however, but
 just come to this country, and totally
 unacquainted with our institutions, is,
 the moment he lands on our shores,
 thought fit to be entrusted with tbe
 mail bags. We are never tried by our
 peers, but by onr enemies. On steam
 boats, in hotels, or in the streets, we
 are alwaya reminded that we are a de
 graded people. Our children are driv
 en away from tbe school which we pay
 to support. We are compelled to be
 by potent circumstances, hewers of
 wood and drawers of water—every
 where outraged, ill-treated, insulted.”
 Thus, Southern bondmen, who have
 been induced to forsake their masters
 and benefactors, to seek freedom with
 penury and want, and even star
 vation in many instances, have been
 forced and are still compelled to drag
 out their existence, discountenanced,
 and despised, without even the common
 necessariesoflifo, by those (worse than
 denwo, hypocrites. The stave, while
 in the employ of his master, can have
 no care of the morrow. Is he cask?
 his master administers the healing
 balm. la he naked mad cold? his mas
 ter provides the necessary covering.
 Poes he want bread his master directs
 his footsteps to the ban and unlocks
 to hiss tha grain and hide h m eat drink
 nod live. Has bo a family hie mas
 ter is squatty as easeful to adminiatcr
 to their wanta aa ha would to his.
 2 m
 a
f. In every condition the Southern
 slave, who discharges his duty faith
 i! fully, enjoys more peace of muid, with
 or without a family, thau nine-tenths ol
 the laboring white population. The
 ,1 master is compelled to support his
 slave with or without work; but the
 V. laboring white man must run the chan
 ces for work, and labor night and datj,
 11 if he is a man of family, to secure the
 M common necessaries of life, aud pro
 -11 vide against decrepitude and old age.
 whilst the slave may quietly fold his
 &gt;1 arms at the setting of the sun, and feel
 s secure, that whether infirmity or mis
 ■j fortune overtake him, his bread and
 clothing his master provides.
 I The picture which Fredrick Doug
 •las* has drawn is a 4 familiar one. Those
 If Northern fanatics care not for the hap
 piness of the poor black; they seek to
 free them that they uiav make their
 &lt;misery complete, by driving them from
 every species ot employment, and force
 them to seek the level of the brute.
 The Southern planter is the friend
 of the black, and the true benefactor
 of his progeny.
 ANTI-SLAVERY PEELING IN VIR
 GINIA.
 j The Richmond Southerner'holds the
 following language in relation to public
 sentiment in Virginia, on the subject of
 slavery:
 It is not generally known, yet if is,
 nevertheless true, that two-thirds of the
 people of Virginia are open and undis
 guised advocates of ridding the State of
 slavery; and after the year 1850, when
 the census is taken, their views will be
 embodied in such a form as to startle
 the South. We speak understanding!}*.
 We have, within the la9t two years,
 conversed with more than 500 slave
 holders in the State, and 450 out of the
 500 expressed themselves ready to unite
 on any general plan to abolish slavery,
 upon almost any terms.
 Abolition fanaticism at the north has
 not produced this, but the annexation
 of Texas, and the acquisition of territo
 ry, have done it. Virginia may be put
 down as no longer reliable on this ques
 tion. When she goes, the District of
 Columbia is free territory; then Dela-j
 ware and Maryland will also go, and,
 North Carolina and Kentucky will fol
 low suit. This will surround the ex
 treme South with free States; and when,
 that day comes—and it will not be very
 long—we would just as soon ow n a par
 cel of wild turkeys as so many slaves.
 I have conversed with several intel
 ligent Virginians, upon the policy of
 slavery in their own State, and they
 concur in the opinion, that the system
 is an incubus upon its energies. They
 all recognize the fact, that in order to j
 secure prosperity, labor must be made!
 honorable, and that while slavery exists,;
 it cannot become so to any considerable
 extent. I most sincerely believe that
 could Virginia awake to-morrow, and
 find that every negro had left the State,
 her hallelujah would drown the shout I
 of the slaves made free. With her
 glorious climate, her inexhaustible re- j
 gions of coal, her extensive water povv-l
 er, her productive soil, and her size and
 position among her sister States, Vir
 ginia, free from a system which, if ever
 to her advantage, is now worse than
 useless, would spring upon her feet likH
 a giant from a troubled dream, and
 leading education, enterprise, and in-!
 dustry into her boundless fields, would
 soon rekindle the waning star that rep-!
 resents her in the national galaxy, and
 become as great in name as she is in
 native resources, and territorial extent.
 SOUTH CAROLINA—THE CURSE
 OF SLAVERY,
 The present condition of South Caro-,
 lina is the legitimate result of devotion
 to the slavery system carried out to its
 ultimate result. Such a devotiou it per
 sisted in, will craze any man or any set
 of men.
 We would direct the attentioh of all
 other Slave States to the condition of
 South Carolina, as presenting a specta
 cle which they insy present hereafter,
 unless they are extremely careful. Mr. i
 Calhoun is one of the most gifted rnen
 of the day. His mind is masterly, and
 yet he has swindled himself out of his
 power to influence the nation by surren
 dering himself as an abject slave to the,
 advocacy ol slavery. So too ol his
 State. She has lost her influence m
 the councils of the nation because she
 views everything through the distorting
 medium of slavery. The peculiar in
 stitution is all that the people of that
 State exhibit any regard for. No on*
 of the sciences, none of the arts, noth
 ing in philosophy, or in manufactures,.
 no great discovery or important inven-,
 tion is suffered for a moment to distract
 tbeir attention from slavery. It is the
 only thing they live for—it is the only
 thing they would die for—it is the only
 thing which would render Paradise itself
 attractive to them. Such a monomania
 is fearful. It is one of the most wretch
 edly humiltating spectacles recorded ini
 history. No enemy of South Carolina
 could wish her a more bitter punish
 ment than that which the system of
 slavery has inflicted on her. If men
 will ding to a atupenduous outrage and
 of wrong, they cannot expect to escape
 the retribution which everlasting justice
 exacts.
 Let Kentucky and the other Stave
 States be warned by the condition of
 South Carolina to escape the miserable
 kit she is now consigned to. A more
 appalling cannot be imagined than that
 of a State which thinks ot and cares (or
 nothing hot slavery. A mas dares to,
 pray far “universal liberty,” and he ui|
 ordered to leave the Staio wrthin two j
 daya at the peril of his li fit- Can pub
 lic sentiment in a republic possibly sink
 lover in degeoerscy than is indicated
 b j such conduct? i
JOHN DICt, Pt uusHo*
WHOLE NO. 99.
U is tcrune thought to be worthy oi
 if a man in South Carolina de
 i)ounce the wretched system of negro
 slavery' Wire re can a more odious
 tyrant be found than exists there. 1
 ‘here never was a poor aud wretched
 underling nf the Persian government
 who manifested a more degrading tyr
 rrmny than the leading men of South
 f a roll n a uphold To say that freedom
 ot thought and liberty of conscience can
 exist in such a State is exceedingly ab
 surd. e need not cross the Atlantic
 to find victims oi despotism on whom to
 lavish our sympathy, We need no*
 travel beyond South Carolina if we wish
 to feel odium for h tyranny the most
 perfect and utter. There is no tyranny
 exercised in Siberia which is so grind
 ing, so ruthless, so shameless, and so
 utterly uijust as that which degrades
 the most devoted of the slaveholding
 Sta es rue thts confederacy —LcmmUtc
 Examtner.
 Rt.NNISG AWAY FROM HAPPI.
 NESS
 “On Saturday last an affecting scene
 took place in the cars, about two miles
 below Newark, which was calculated
 tu totich the heart of the most inhuman
 slaveholder in the country, were he pre
 sent to witness it. It never tell to our
 lot to w itness the horror and fear the
 poor negro has oi slavery, as upon this
 occasion. Some three free colored
 persons were in and should
 have got out at the Newark depot, but
 on enquiring were informed that the
 next station was the place—they kept
 their seats tor about one mile, when
 they learned they were going at a rapid
 rate to Maryland—then a scene follow
 ed that we cannot find language to de
 scribe. One was a young woman, aud
 the others a man, his wife and child.—
 Fh&lt;? young woman was so frightened,
 that sooner than run the risk of going
 to Maryland, jumped from the platform,
 and next followed the man with his
 child, and were safe; his wife’s turn
 came next, but observing her great
 danger, we seized her by the arm aud
 prevented her, assuring her that we
 would get her a pass to return when we
 arrived at Elkton; she implored us to
 let her go, that she would be arrested
 and sold into slavery; she fell on her
 knees and wrung her hands—a more
 oainful or affecting sight we never be
 iield.
 e mentioned the case of this poor
 woman to Charles Brooks, Esq., clerk
 for the company, who, to his credit,
 immediately repair’d to Mr. Wells, had
 her provided for and sent back as soou
 as the train from Baltimore arrived.—
 VV e have witnessed many scenes, but
 in this instance the poor negroes 1 fear
 of being sokianto slavery, ami (heir love
 of freedom surpassed nil.
 No doubt had Mr, McCreary, the
 slave-catcher, been present at the de
 pot, he would have seized this unfortu
 nate woman, who would probably have
 been sold into slavery, to be separated
 from her husband‘and children, for the
 sake ot getting the amount which the
 odious law of the State allows
 W e called on Mr. Vanderford, of the
 Cecil Democrat, and stated the above,
 who admitted that it was n hard case;
 but said it was the only way to prevent
 abolitionists from coming among the/n.
 Has slavery so many horrors? Where
 is the Christian, the Philanthropist, or
 the Republican who can justify it? If
 there is a just God, what must be the
 doom ot the slave stealer and stave
 dealer. Wilmington Chicken
 Severely True. —Dr. Dixon, in his
 Personal Narrative, says, “I was ex
 ceedingly sorry to perceive that the
 Americans exceed us as a novel-read
 people. At every public place, the
 termini of the railroad, landing places
 ot the steamboat, and often on board as
 well, numbers of lads are found vending
 this trash. The people in general, the
 ladies especially, are continually seen
 arnunngor exciting themselves by rev
 elling in this world of fancy, often ex
 tremely vulgar aud foolish To give an
 instance: on one of my journeys by
 railroad, there sat before rue a family,
 consisting of a husband, wife, and child,
 perhaps two years old The mother
 and wite, a very genteel and lady-like
 person, got hold of one of these novels,
 and ucarceiy lifted tier eyes from her
 book the whole of the distance
 travelled, which occupied the
 greater part of the day. The husband
 in the meantime, had the entire care of
 the little boy. It cried, and he put it
 into good humor; it slept on his lap,
 ami he fanned it; it required loud, he
 ransacked the reticule to find cakes and
 sweetmeats, rthd in fact, was a perfect
 nurse. All this time the mother was
 completely absorbed in her tale, and
 look not the least notice of cither hus
 band or boy; and in fact, seemed un
 conscious that they were present, or
 that she had any duties to perform to
 wards one or the other. This pernicious
 habit is ealmg into the American mind,
 and will produce sad and deleterious
 effects on a great scale.”
 Sco;cii Valoil Some time sgo, a
 sailor, who bad formerly belonged to
 his Majesty's navy, went one Sunday
 to church in his net**** town ufKirkaldy,
 where he behaved himself with great
 propriety, until the minister read his
 te*t, which was as follows: 4 Who tcxU
 jSO op t rd/« at to the battle at Hamath
 (Mead 7
 The sailor, having first crammed a
 quid of tobacco into his cheek, rose up,
 put on hie hat, and then looking about
 hi mi, ami seeing nobody moving, ex
 claimed, "You cowardly lubbera, will
 none of you go Dorn my eyes 111 go
 fur one?" So out be went, giving three
 cheers at the door, to the amazement
 of aU present.
