Co*y of a fetter to a aeatar of U*
 Boston Hckool CoaoKM*.
 Nrw Bedford. August 10, 1649.
 Mr Dear Sir —Your note of yesterday
 u before me. The nurftber of colored people
 10 New Bedford ie ebout twelve hundred.
 No distinction i* made in rot of our schools
 on account of color.
 The number of colored persons in New
 Bedford, in proportion to the whole popula*
 non, is supposed to be larger than in any
 other town or City in the free Statea.
 Our colored children have alwaye attended
 our public schools. They are to be found to
 day in every school in the city.
 Several have passed through the whole
 course at the High School.
 The colored children would not attend any
 school e-tabhsbed exclusively for them.
 About 17 years ago, a proposition was
 made to establish in this town a school ex
 clusively for the colored children.
 The town was then divided into sehool
 dietnete. An approbation was made by the
 own for the porpuae—the purpose was dir,-
 tmcily slated in the voice.
 I was then a member of the school com*
 miitee, and was, I think, chairman of a sub
 committee appointed to carry the vote mu
 effect.
 Before moving in the matter, I requested
 and obtained leave to ask legal a-lvice upon
 this question ‘Can a colored tehild be ex
 eluded from a school kept in the district ir
 which it resides, on the ground that there u
 established by the town a school for all the
 colored chi'dren to attend t*
 Thir question I submitted to the Hen,
 Charles H. Warren, them a resident in New
 Bedford.
 He gave me his opinion in writing, and hit
 answer was a decided negative.
 The opinion was an elaborate one, and can,
 no doubt, now be found on the file* of the
 e:h&lt;K&gt;l committee.
 Nothing fuither was done by the echool
 committee. No school for colored children
 was established.
 The decision of Judge Warren was ac
 quiesced in at tb* next annual meeting with
 out a disaent'.iig vote, and the subject has
 never been named either in town meeting or
 citv council since.
 Thus have the colored children always en
 joyed the advantages of our public school as
 fully as the white.
 I waa fifteen years on the school com
 mittee, and could never discover that any
 disadvantage resulted from the admission ol
 the colored children. It waa never made a
 matter of complaint, either by teachers,
 parents, or guardians
 AH are and ever have been satisfied, and
 no schools in our Commonwealth stand high
 er than ours.
 Thus it lias been determined by an experi
 rneut in a community having a very largt
 pot (ion ot coloiod children, that a course ol
 action with regard to their attendance ai
 school, in accordance with the letter and
 spirit of our Constitution and laws, result* in
 no disadvantage to the white children.
 The same course i» now pursued at Nan
 tucket.
 There, after a long struggle, the old pre
 judice gave way; the rights of the colored
 children, ‘equality before ihe law,’ were re
 cognut-d, and the distinction which had for
 i;,any years been made was done away.
 My own opinions and feelings upon the
 whole subj ct are shown by the foregoing.
 Here it would make no difference whether
 the teacher was black or white. Not a color
 ed clniii would attend a public school estab
 lished exclusively for them.
 I cannot, uf course, judge of the effect, in
 your city, of the plan you propose but it
 appears to me that the evils winch now troub
 le you, and which are demanding the atten
 tion of your School Board, are of a char
 acter not ‘.o be remedied by changing the
 complexion of the teacher.
 But you asked me tor ftfcta, not opinions
 1 have given you such as seetn to have t
 bearing upon the question.
 Very truly yours,
 JAMES B. CONGDON.
 Slavery in California.
 Fears are entertained by thefrtendsof free
 doni in all quarters, that California is deslinec
 to be cursed with the ciftse of curses. Th&lt;
 following extract from the Alabama Journal
 which we find in the National Era, is by m
 incans calculated to allay such fears
 “Negroes in California. —lt has lonj
 been apparent, since Mr. Polk purchased lh&lt;
 Mexican Territones, declaring, at the samt
 time, that they must, from the nature o
 things, be free territory, that the only way tc
 make them slave States, was for slaveholder!
 to emigrate there with their property in suffi
 cient numbers lo control the policy of the
 country. That they could have done so will
 safety to their property, is now apparent
 Those fioin this quatier who carried negroes
 have had o trouble with them, and it is fount
 they adh« r&lt; to their masters there with great
 er seal s 1 devotion than elsewhere. Sev
 eral have written back, expressing their re
 grets that itiev did not carry with them hands
 from the r plantations. A gentleman from
 Macon c umy, who took out three good
 hands, has written back that he hires them
 out at three hundred dollars per month each
 and has had no difficulty in retaining them
 Every man there is so immersed in hi* uwr
 absorbing pursuit* that he has no time or in
 cliuaiton lo interfere with the business o
 others, or engage, even if so inclined, ir
 abolition movements.
 Much the largest portion of the populatiot
 at the mines having the means, it is stated
 ould purchase negroea to aid them, wer&lt;
 tiey in market. A portion of tine wot!
 at ttie mines, namely excavating, la hard an&lt;
 difficult, and must be accomplished by manua
 lab -r—-hence the great necessity and advan
 tuge of the service of able bodied negroes
 If the Southern emigrants had invested then
 capita) in negroes in the place of goods, Ac.
 wtucti they took with them, their laboi
 would have rapidly made them independent
 and their dimple would have been follower
 by others wiih their slaves, in sufficient num
 bera io have controlled the policy of the terri
 tory. Tne plan set on foot last year bv Mr.
 Howard, of Georgia, fui large bodies lo go ii
 company, would, there is little doubt, hav&lt;
 been successful if u had been carried out
 Companies of twenty, fifty or a hundred
 settling together, would be able lo protec
 their property in all emergenciea, if by ain
 chance it should be endangered. \V# lean
 that many have this enterprise still in con
 temptation, and as the season approaches fo
 the passage ol the Isthmus, we trust it wil
 be carried out.”
 VoTta of the Colored P*orL*.— Th
 Herald of Sunday, and that of Tuesday, con
 tain reports of meetings of the colored peopl
 of this city held on Friday and Monday ev«
 rung last, exiled with refeiance to the eleetto
 on Tue.-sdav and their duty therein. Th
 Herald i reporter is true enough to tha apir
 ol that paper lo endeavor to make the whol
 affair a burlesque, but a* there was evtdantl
 some object to be gamed the report is fat
 enough to show, in spite of the tnterjectior
 al ah' yah*' of the reporter, and the o&lt;
 cusionul introduction of ‘Sambo, that th
 meetings were characterised by good orde
 and ability in very favorable cootraat wit
 the meetings of the Herald's partteula
 friends, Th* of Tammany Hall
 The following Ujf Resolution* pa*
 sr-d or. Friday evening
 Resolved, That in ihe opinion of thu
 meeting, it is the solemn duty of the t»n oi
 twelve hundred colored voters in the city and
 county of New York, to exercise the right
 which they poaeese, sod to vindicate the same
 At each aoff every elect .on.
Resolved, Thu it ia expedient for ua t at
 the present tune, to identify ourselves with
 either of ib« great political parties. only no
 far as they will promote the interests of free
 dom.
 Resolved, That it is the duty of every
 lovet of his country and well wisher of his
 race, to support such men at the romiog elec
 tion as are pledged to the principles of Free-
 Soil, free labor, free speech and free men.
 This resolution led to lengthened discus
 sion, some maintaining that there were no
 such men to auppott, while others held that
 theie were.
 Resolved. That the doctrine set foith in
 the creed of Democracy,at Tammany Hall,
 on the 29th of October, is unworthy of the
 name of Democracy, and meet* our universal
 disapprobation.
 Resolved, That the candidates nominated
 by the coalition of the Democrats and Free
 Sol'.ersare unworthy tha confidence of a free
 P'eople, and ought to be defeated at the com*
 ng election, and that we will use our utmost
 nflnence to effect the tame-
 The tendency here ia evidently Wbiggish,
 but then we can’t expect the colored people
 to be better and more intelligent than their
 neighbors. However the Resolutions were
 not passed without considerable oppasition.
 On the second evening the following were
 adopted
 Resolved, That we reiterate the sentiments
 and endorse the doctrine, set forth in the
 resolutions adopted at our last meeting, on
 Friday evening, and wo wi 1 do all ia our
 power to carrv them into effect.
 Resolved, That the times call for the
 laying aside of our party predilection*, and
 for the colored voter* to tell the political
 parties, that we will favor such of them as
 will do most for our cause—the cause of
 freedom, of justice, and of right
 Resolved, That the best front at present
 i presented by the two great political parties.
 is that of the Whigs which w hilst it is not
 i all that we wish, yet w-e will assist, and
 cause our political strength to be felt—hopm?
 that othera may be induced to outstrip them
 in the race of freedom, in acknowledging the
 oppieased American's rights.— Anti-Slavery
 Standard.
THE NORTH STAR.
ROCHESTER, NOVEMBER 16, 1848.
The Destiny of Colored Americans.
 It is impossible to settle, by the light uf the
 present, and by 'he experience of the past,
 any thing, definitely and absolutely; as to the
 future condition of the colored people of this
 country but, so far as present indications de
 j terinine, it is clear that this land must contin
 ue to be the home of the colored man so long
 as it remains the abode of civilization and re
 ligion. For more than two hundred years
 we have been identified with its soil, its pro
 ducts, and its institutions; under the sternest
 and b.ttercst circumstances of slavery and op
 pression—under the lash of Slavery at the
 South—under the sling of prejudice and mal
 ice at the North—and under hardships the
 most unfavorable to existence and population,
 we have lived, and continue to live and in
 crease. The persecuted red man of the for
 est, the original owner of the soil, has, step
 by step, retreated from the Atlantic lakes and
 rivers; escaping, as it were, before the foot-1
 steps of the white man, and gradually disap
 pearing from the face of the country. He
 looks upon the steamboats, the railroads, and
 canals, cutting and crossing hia former bunt
 ing grounds; and upon the ploughshare,
 throwing up the bones of his venerable ances
 tors, and beholds his glory departing—-and his
 heart sickens at the desolation. He spurns
 the civilization —he hates the race w hich has
 despoiled him, and unable to measure arms
 with his superior foe, he dies
 Not so with the black man. More unlike
 the European in form, feature and color—cal
 led to endure greater hardships, injuries and
 insults than those to which the Indians have
 been subjected, lie yet lives and prospers un
 der every disadvantage. Long have his ene
 mies sought to expatriate him, and to teach
 his children that this is not their home, but
 in spite of all their cunning schemes, and sub
 tle contrivances, hia foolprints yet mark the
 soil of his birth, and he gives every indica
 tion that America will, for ever, remain the
 home ol his posterity. We deem it a settled
 point that the destiny of the colored roan is
 bound up with that of the white people of this
 country be the destiny of the latter what it
 may.
 It is idle—worse than idle, ever to think of
 our expatriation, or removal. The history of
 the colonization society must extinguish all
 such speculations. We are rapidly filling up
 the number of four millions and ail the gold
 of California combined, would be insufficient
 to defray the expenses attending our coloniza
 tion. We ate, as laborers, 100 essential to the
 interests of our white fellow-countrymen, to
 make a very grand effort to drive us fiora this
 country among probable events. While labor
 is needed, the laborer cannot fail to be valued
 and although passion and prejudice may some
 times vociferate against us, and demand our
 expulsion, such efforts will only be spasmodic,
 and can never prevail against the sober second
 thought of self-interest. We are here, and
 here we are likely to be. To imagine that we
 shall ever be eradicated is absurd and ridicu
 lous. We can be remodified, changed, and
 assimilated, but never extinguished. We re
 peat, therefore, that wt are here and that
 ibis is our country and the question lor the
 philosophers and statesmen of the land ought
 to be, What principles should dictate the pol
 icy of the action towards us 1 We shall nei
 ther die out, nor bo driven out; but shall go
 with this people, either as a testimony against
 them,or as an evidenco in their favor through
 -1 out their generations. We are clearly on
 their hands, and must remain there for ever,
 i All thia we say for the benefit of those who
 lute the negro more than they love then
 t country. In an article, under the caption of
 “Government aod us Subjects,” (published
 i in our last week’s paper,) we called attention
 e to the unwise, aa well as the unjust policy
 t usually adopted, by our Government, towards
 t tta colored citizens. We would continue to
 y direct attention to that policy, and mour hotn
 e ble way, we would remonstrate against it, aa
 i- iraught with evil to the white man, as well as
 to his victim.
 e The white man's happmes* cannot be pur
 r chased by the black man’s misery. Virtue
 i cannot prevail among the white people, by us
 i destruction among the black people, who form
 a part of the whole community. is evident
 that whits and black “must fall or Sourish to
 gether.” In the light of this greet truth,
 lews ought to be enacted, and institutions e»-
 —ell distinctions, founded on cots-
 U ‘•W, rcpediaied, and
 pleaton,ought to be rep*~
 for ever sboltehed—aod every rigui, r
 and immunity, bow enjoyed by the white own,
ought to b 3 u freelv greeted to the ou of
 color.
 Where “knowledge is power,” that nation
 is the most powerful which baa the largeet
 population of tnteUigeal men for a nation to
 cramp, and circumeeribe the mental faculties
 of a ciasa of its inhabitant?, is aa nowise as it
 is cruel, unoe u, in the same proportion, sac
 rifices its power and happiness. The Ameri
 can people, in the light of this reasoning, are,
 at this moment, in obedience to their pnde and
 folly, (we say nothiog of the wickedness of
 the act,) wasting oee sixth part of the ener
 gies of the entire nttion by transforming three
 millions of its men mto beasts of harden.—
 Whst a loss to industry, skill, intention, (to
 say nothing of ita foul and corrspting influ
 ence,; is Slavery'. How it ties the hand,
 ctamps the mind, darkens the understanding,
 and paralyses the whole man Nothing is
 more evident to s man who reasons at all,
 than that America is acting an irrational part
 in continuing the slave system at the South,
 aid in oppressing its free colored citizens at
 the North. Regarding the nation as an indi
 vidual, the act of enslaving and oppressing
 thus, is as wild and senseless as it would be
 for Nicholas to order the amputation of the
 right arm of every Russian soldier before en
 gaging in a war with‘France. We again re
 peat that Slavery ia the peculiar weakness of
 America, as well as ita peculiar crime; and
 the day may yet come when this visionary and
 oft repeated declaration will be found to con
 tain great truth.—r. d.
 The North Star Fair at Philadelphia.
 A letter from a lady connected with the
 Committee of the Fair informs us that the
 Committee have experienced serious difficulty
 in securing a suitable room in which to hold
 ihe Fair. Until the last few days they were
 relying on the promise of the proprietor of the
 Assembly Building; but this gentleman, on.
 learning that the Fair was to be conducted by
 colored ladies, has refused to let his rooms for
 that purpose. When he made the promise be
 supposed that the parties who were to occupy
 them were white persons—and he now excu
 ses his failure to fulfil his contract on that
 ground. This is but another illustration of
 the persecuting spirit that every where pre
 vails in this land against the colored people
 and is also anothei reason in favor of holding
 the contemplated Fair.
 The ladies were informed, by thisgentleman
 of his word that if they could assure him that
 the Fair wa9 to be under the management of
 white persons, the rooms were at their service.
 How unspeakably mean and disgraceful is
 this requirement! Colored persons, it seems,
 then, are not even to be encouraged in labor
 ing for their own elevation, and for the free
 dom of their own brothers and sisters, unless
 their efforts aie under the management of
 white persons! This is a new feature in the
 numlestation of the prejudice and hatred with
 which we have been so long and painfully re
 garded. But let not our listers be disheart
 ened by this shameful and fraudulent treat
 ment let them rather put forth greater exer
 tion, and evince a more determined spirit in
 the holy cause in which they are embarked.
 The opposition with which they meet should
 only tend to quicken their energies, and to
 double their diligence. The greater the ob
 stacles with which they have to contend, the
 greater will be the victory when it is gained.
 Our transatlantic friends will see, in this new
 form of cruelty and injustice, a good reason
 for holding up the hands of that class who are
 the objects of Buch unnatural treatment. We
 say to our coloted sisters in Philadelphia, Bs
 FIRM—^'DAUNTED —AND PERSEVERE. You
 are not without friends; and the time will
 come when your righteous endeavors to ame
 liorate and improve your own condition, and
 to rescue from ignorance, and from the gal
 ling yoke of bondage, three millions of your
 countrymen, will be appreciated by the world,
 and crowned with success by a righteous God.
 —r. d.
 The Sultan.— The article in oui last
 week’s paper, headed “The Suliaa and the
 Czar,” was written before we saw the letter
 of Kossuth to Lard Palmerston, published in
 the same paper. This will account to our
 readers for our commendation of the conduct
 of the Sultan.—f. n.
 Henry Box Brown, in Milford.— lt was
 a few minutes past the hour at which the
 meeting was appointed when he arrived, and
 the Hall was then crowded. But the people
 had not done coining they can e long after
 wards and brought in seats, and finally stood
 up i i the vacant places about the aisles. The
 earnest attention of ih.s large company bore
 ample tesumony to the Unillnig interest which
 his sufferings and escape reated in their
 minds. Their hearts and their pockets an
 swered the call made upon them, and the
 general cause of Anti-Slavery as well aa hia
 individual case received an impulse by it.
 Wheu the incidents of a life in, and an escape
 lroiu slave.y are crowded into an hour’s
 time, there must be some rather sudden pas
 sages from the pathetic to the ludicrous.
 There are several such passages in bis nar
 rative, and the audience anaweted according
 ly and at the close of hie song the singer
 was greeted with a hearty round of dapping.
 These demonstrations on the part of the au
 dience were a little annoying to some of tha
 Methodist friends. There had been a funeral
 at the Church during the day, which of course
 rendered their minds un.re liable to be griev
 ed by such matters than they otherwise
 would have teen.
 His narrative is certainly a swift witness
 against what passes fur Christianity in Ihe
 land. Every peison concerned in the cruel
 ties which he suffered was a professed Chris
 tian. The clamier of himself, (who, when 1
 he besought him to purchase his wife and
 children, to save them from separation, bid
 him get another wife,) Was a Presbyterian;
 ihe claimer and seller of his wife and children
 was an Esiacopalian and their purchaser a
 Methodist "minister Practical Christian.
 Of Mim Freduka Bremer we can only say
 that she is, personally, rather stout, rather
 rosy, and rather gray. She i* about 56 years
 of age, and all her beauty seems to have
 struck in.—.V Y Mirror.
 Tar Sarah Banos.—This well known
 steam propeller, heretofore running from thie
 port to Europe, has been taken up for the
 California trade. We understand she is un
 der charter for thiee years to run from the
 ocean port* or on the Sacramento.— Tnbmm.
 FoartiTuas oi Freedom.— William, Mot
 ored man emancipated by the late Mrs. Caul,
 was brought before the Mayor, yesterday, fox
 refnaimog in the cuy twelve mouths after hie
 manumission, in violation of the statute,
 which provides that all emancipated persons
 1 shall leave the State within one year after
 their freedom has hew pro««d, or forfeit their
 right to it end “be adjudged lo be Held” peb
 hciy as a slave. Tbe Meyer directed
 William to leave the eily before ike text
 j Grand Joiy term, or be would have to "m
 hr# liberty ßichmond RtmtUk.
California a Free State-
 Til* steamer Empire City, am»e&lt;i -at New
 Talk, oa Sunday last. She brings tatelli
 geeee of the bolding of a Contention to form
 a Cooeuttrbon for California. The Cooten
 tfoo commenced business on the 4th Sept., by
 eboueing Robkst Scmflk, of tbe District of
 Sonora, President. Tbe members took tbe
 oath to support the Constitution of tbe United
 Status. Some were opposed to organizing a
 State government, but a majority of (be Con*
 rent ion were of a different opinion, and tbe
 übjectora gave way. Tbe vote stood Bto 88.
 Tbe first section of tbe Constitution sffirms, in
 tbe words of the pteanabie to tbe Declaration
 of Independence, "that all men are by nature
 free,*’ Ac. Tbe seventeenth section refers
 to slavery, and is thus explicitly worded
 “Striker Slavery, nor Involuntary Servitude
 uniats as a Punishment of Crime, shall ever be
 tolerated in this State.' 1
 So far, satisfactory. But bow speedily do
 tbe Californians forget their assertion about
 the equality of ail men! They no sooner set
 about settling tbe suffrage question, than they
 begin forthwith to contradict themselves. In
 dians, Africans, and descendants of Africans,
 are specially excepted, as not to be allowed
 the right to vote, or, of course, in any way to
 interfere with tbe measures of government.
 Thua is tbe colored man, go where he will,
 under the flag of the United States, insulted
 and degraded. We are thankful, however,
 for tbe clause prohibiting slavery. ThfM
 the result of the large emigration from the
 Free States. It is probably different from
 wh:,t was anticipated by our slaveholding
 government. The South, no doubt, hoped t&lt;&gt;
 extend her patriarchal reign over the territory.
 In this, Calhoun and company are disappoint
 ed. Slavery will not be permitted in Califor
 nia. Thank God.'—j. d.
 What is my Duty t
 If the Rev. Theodore Clapp, and others of
 a like stamp, instead of arguing about the de
 ctees of God, and endeavoring to prove from
 Scripture that Canaan was cursed, &amp;c.,
 would ask themselves this question, put by a
 friend of ouis, to a clergyman in England,
 (the Rev. Dr. Marsh, of Leamington.) they
 would not find so much difficulty as they now
 profess to have, in recognizing and allowing
 the rights of colored men. The reply of Dr.
 Marsh is well worthy the attention of the
 heartless pro-slavery and degenerato ministry
 of ibis land. He said, “I enter into all your
 feelings. If I bad a trumpet that could reach
 America, I should say, If you go to Heaven
 you must meet colored men there. Has not
 God made of one blood all men Is the mu
 cosum corpus, or color between the skins, a
 mark of Heaven's disapprobation If it was,
 Jehovah found fault with those who helped
 forward tbe calamity of the Jews, though
 they were under His ban.
 If your question were properly considered,
 “What is my duty?” the colored people
 would receive kindness and attention from the
 whites. I sometimes tremble for the latter.
 God hates oppression
 The National League.
 Frkderick Douglass, —Dear Sir, I am
 sorry there is so much apathy manifested on
 the part of our leading men to your noble and
 philanthropic scheme of a national union
 among the oppressed of the Free States oi
 tbe U. S. A. The cause of this wide spread
 supineness I know not. But if it is in conse
 quence of its origin, it is most unchristian and
 wicked, and the assertion of our enemies will
 turn out to be the fact; “that we are jealous
 of, and will traduce the character of those
 among us who possess superior talents and
 higher attainments.” Heaven grant, that
 they may deliver themselves from such a
 charge by coming out in favor of a national
 league, and the union of their down-trodden
 brethren. Every colored man who can real
 ize his true condition, and that of his 500,-
 000, brethren at the North, must see at
 tbe slightest glance, “that a union of the op
 pressed for the sake of freedom,” is the very
 thing we want. The measure is entitled to
 respect, and the originator to the confidence
 of his brethren and the people. He is a de
 voted friend of the slave, and of the eleva
 tion of the free colored people of the north,
 an extraordinary man, “without a model, and
 without a shadow.”
 In reference to the place of holding the
 Convention, 1 think it would be more just to
 ward the Western portion of our people, to
 say Cleveland or Buffalo; however, be that as
 it may, 1 am in favor of a national league.
 We will lay it before the people of this place
 as soon as practicable, and let you know what
 they may determine about it. The only bar
 riers that will prevent ua from forming a per
 fect union, will be the church and clergy; for
 we have held some anti-slavery meetings in
 the A. M. E. Church here, bui we are relia
 bly informed that we can bold no more, be
 cause we attseked the pro-slavery character
 of tbe church, and told them that they should
 not let slaveholders and their abettors preach
 in their pulpit. For these things we are to
 be excluded. But we can expect nothing
 better, when a Rev. M. T. Newsom, a color
 ed man, aaya, that none of our meetings have
 done any good, as yet, either as conventions
 or otherwise. Tour valuable paper would
 have a wider circulation, were it not for this
 demoralizing and damning influence that ihey
 continually exert over our people- If you
 were here it would be otherwise.
 W. R. G.
 Cbilucothk, O. Nov. 4th 1849.
 Slavs Cass.— The 28tb alt., a free color
 ed woman, with her child in her arms, the
 laitet born a slave, and claimed by the roaster,
 were found on board the steamboat Express,
 on the passage to Philadelphia from Delaware
 City, and being put on board the steamer
 Balloon, oo her downward trip, were convey
 ed back to Dover, and eaat into pnson. The
 devoted mother had previously made an eff &gt;rt
 to escape on the Balloon, bat having no mon
 ey to pay her fare, was *uspeci«-d, and put
 mfoor* at Delaware City .-Upland Del.
 Ajm-dLAVxsY Lbctcrs.—We were high
 ly erne tiaioed in listening to an able address
 delivered in the school-house oo Wednesday
 evening, Mth wet., by Rev EH. Nevio in
 which be dessoueuatcil very clearly and forci
 bly that the atn of American Slavery lies at
 fbe doer of tbe Ministers who will not “open''
 their “mouth for the dumb,” and the church
 es that fellowship the slaveholder. Whew
 •itt p«o-*lav#ry churches learn the necessity
 of repemaaos and reforms ik»&lt;i When wui
 tbe Ministers in these churches get then eyes
 opened to see that they are doing more for
 the cross d infidelity than ell the Voltaire*,
 Tol»*ys,er Paines that have ever written*—
 Concord Prm Press.
Report of Ike Foil
 SiiH*e the Ad nail Baxter in Dec-* l** l
 Anti-Slavery friends in Western New York
 have opened a More for the benefit of the
 cause m eleven vU'ages in the vicinity of
 Rochester. Although ibe amount of labor
 performjd may seem to deserve more cheer
 ing success, yet, they have all proved, with
 one exception, encouraging sod interesting
 occasions, and by the efibrt, we believe, much
 good has been done. It has bean a medium
 through ’which a knowledge of our principle#,
 our measures, our faith and our works have
 been spread more extensively sod osefully
 among the people than thej otherwise would
 have been in any other w^y.
 We are often placed in the cofhpaoy of
 men and women of diverse prejudice, and pre
 dilections, who arc yet willibg to enquire.
 Some seem to understand the evils of slavery
 and wish for its overthrow, but are either too
 selfish or two cowardly to be openly identi
 fied with the friends, and meaaurea of the
 cause; others are consoling themselves with
 the idea that the political parties are doing
 the work, and do not seem to see the impor
 tance of keeping up our higher standard, and
 continuing to urge them up to the platform of
 **JVo union with SlaLtholders” neither do they
 seem to dfee that if our standard of emancipa
 tion should fall, theirs woidffihdl also. Some
 who have been active Aixmtiojtfsts seem to
 jnaye fallen into a staia ofeete on the subject,
 strangely imagining iW time of their rest has
 come. Their ears seem to have grown heavy
 so that they do not hear the clanking of the
 bondman’s chains nor the sighing of the poor
 and needy. Otheratbere are, who were ready
 and anxious to join with us, but had not be
 fore seen how they could do it. Others are
 alarmed fot tho safely of their religious or
 ganizations, showing thereby that they know
 their dangerous and unholy position and
 their guilty sanction of the wicked sys
 tem of slavery, a system of all others the most
 sinful, and therefore its calls are the loudest
 upon us for our earnest endeavors for its abol
 ishment. Let us keep the faith; without it
 we shall do nothing; with it we shall do much
 even the accomplishment of our end and aim.
 A report of the Henrietta, Williamson, and
 Canandaigua Fairs, was made last spring and
 published in the North Starjit is therefore un
 necessary to speak of them now, but vve wish
 to speak of that at Macedon and of the friends
 there and in the vicinity, who are ever ready
 exiend a helping hand in every good cause.
 The Wiibuis, Doiys, Smiths, GatcheJs, Her
 eudeens, and Hoags had but to know that
 there was to bo a fair, and they were ready
 to do their duty. The largest hall in the
 place was pri cured and most lastefuuily dec
 orated with curtains, evergreens, and mot
 toes, and the tables for relreshtnents were
 most bountifully laden with choice varieties
 of luxurious delicacies; the young ladies and
 gentlemen, and those more advanced in years
 seemed as if striving w ho should be the most
 useful, and although the slanderous tongue oi
 negro hateis was vociferous in the street, none
 seemed airaid, but nobly met either in action
 or woid, all that such heartless malevolence
 poured upon them. Such faithfulness to prin
 ciple, especially in the young is truly heart
 cheering.
 At Palmyra, the friends of the cause are
 few in number, but liberal in spirit and kind
 in feeling, although in regard to inviting oth
 ers into the Anti-Slavery service, father weak
 jin laith; hence the burden of the fair came
 upon our friends Sexton, San.ord, Aldrich,
 and Anderson. Tney are especially worthy
 to be ranked with the friends of the oppressed.
 At Victor, we met the Peats, Balls, Uptons,
 iSymonds, Wai ings, and Uphams and at
 West Bloomfield, the Collins, Munsons,
 Beebes, Beechers, Websters, Carmans,
 Turners and Cnapins, all of whom weie ready
 to forward the object of our mission, and
 heartily engaged in making themselves use
 ful tnrough the day and evening. At each
 place was furnished a grand refreshment ta
 ble, excelling in richness and abundance.
 Nothing seemed too good or too much to be
 offered on tins Anti-Slavery altar. The
 grand and beautiful face of their country
 seem* to have been reflected upon the hearts
 of the inhabitants.
 Through the influence of Mr. Munson at
 Bloomfield, we were invited to hold our fair
 in the basement of theCongregatioual Church
 which we gladly accepted, and record it here
 as a testimony of their liberality if not of
 j their Anti-Slavery. At Ml. Morris, the
 Committee received the friendly attention of
 Mr. and Mrs. Johnson, Mr. and Mrs. Sleep
 er, Bacon and Bond. At Scoltsviile, Mi.
 Tarbox, Ailing and Beckwith, claim the es
 pecial thanks of the committee for their read
 iness to aid according to their several gifts.
 Where the work devolves on so tew, the
 greater the responsibility, and by us the more
 thankfully received. Honeyoye Fall* may
 he set down as a failure. There was not only
 a general dearth of anti-slavery feeling, but
 alsu of everything cheering in the place. At
 Lockport we foiud ourselves enjoying the
 generous liospit i y and favor of Mr. and Mrs.
 Burns, Mr. aud Mrs. Scalding, Mrs. Witch
 er, Petubo ia, Klein and Hoag. At first, the
 aspect looked rather discouraging, a 1 believ
 ing that in a cause so unpopular nothing could
 be done, and therefore, were hesitating to do
 anything themselves; bat after one or two en
 ergetic friends made man:feat their resolve to
 do what they could, the prospect soon began
 to brighten, and the result w as most cheering.
 At West Bloomfield we were favored with
 the gratuitous aac of the Congregational
 Church and the kind entertainment and aid of
 Mr. Hall, Hopkins, Barnard and Ainsworth.
 The friends who assisted here are all the more
 entitled to out respect, in coo side ration of
 their strong adherence to the Liberty Party.
 This is the last of our aeries of fain for the
 season, and if the name* of some kind friends
 and benevolent donors have been forgotten,
 their works were appreciated and recorded on
 the psge of unceasing gratitude.
 We are indebted to several of oar Roches
 tea anti-slavery friends for their assistance in
 attending a portion of this tehee of Fairs, but
 wa are especially grateful to ooi Eoglisk
 friends Julia and Eioa Griffiths, for then
 persevering and sirenoeu* efforts to reedei
 these fairs successful- They have attended si
 of them sad by their example shewed them
 selves worthy of the great cause which ihej
 are faithfully laboring to promote. Bel ahovi
 all do we feel that the sooeese of these fair
 has been promoted by the never tiring exer
 lions of Frederick Doug law, wheat indomif
ble energy no obstacle, and whore soul
 stirring eloquence dissipated doubts where*-
 er they existed, and raised op friends where
 none bad appeared. This noble member ol
 a proscribed and suffering race, to whose ele
 vation and improvement he is devoting all his
 energies, attended every fair and delivered
 lectures at all the villages where they were
 held, besides fulfilling his editorial duties and
 laboring for the glorious cause m other ways
 and other placet.
 Which is respectfully submitted by
 AMY POST, Chm. of Com
 The Gold Region.
 Some recent accounts from California, are
 not of a very flattering description. The fol
 lowing letter, written by a medical practi
 tioner, to his friend in Boston, wefind in the
 Courier. It will help to make some greedy
 adventurers pause and reflect, before starting
 out on a wild goose expedition after Gold
 Sacramsnto City, Aug. 19, 1849.
 •Here I am at last, in this city of dust—not
 but the dust of the earth, which
 not only fills the air, but the eves. shoes,
 stockings, pantaloons and shirt, so that one
 can hardly recognize his own person, unless
 he is weil acquainted with himself—and very
 few arc so in this part of the world.
 On the subject of gold, the plain truth is
 this, there is a plenty of that precious metal
 in the bowels of the earth in this region—this
 is beyond dispute; but that it is found in such
 large quantities and lumps as has been repre
 sented, is not true.
 Many of our Naw-Englanders break down
 even before they get to the gold region, and
 die with fatigue and heat. Those who reach
 the mines find the labor so excessive, that
 they abandon the enterprize and return to this
 place, or San Francisco, or some other tow n,
 and follow an employment more congenial to
 their taste and health. Others hold out,
 and generally obtain from three to twenty
 dollars per day, but more generally, as an
 average, about one ounce per day—sixteen
 dollars’ worth.
 There are but few who can hold out to do
 such hard work consequently, much sickness
 and distress for want of funds, provisions,
 medicines, nursing, &amp;c., are experienced
 among the hard-working miners. It has
 been my intention to proceed no further than
 this place—Sutter’s Fort, (Sacramento City)
 —l5O miles up the river from San Francis
 co, and the mines are 60, 75, 100, and 175
 miles further up the river. It cost me SI4H
 to get a few goods and myself from San Fran
 cisco to this place, and only 175 from
 Boston round Cape Horn—27,ooo miles, ac
 cording to the mate’s log. You will wonder
 at this but it is ow’ing to a combination
 among the rich merchants at San Francisco
 and the high price of labor. 1 have bought
 some tents, and am taking care of a few sick
 individuals.
 lain doing pretty well [in medical practice]
 for a commencement. I have written lor my
 son to come out here, and bring the balance ol
 my stock; when it is gone, we shall return
 to Boston. I find that all are inclined to gel
 what they can in a short time, and then re
 turn from whence they came. A. D.
 The Philadelphia Rioters.
 A meeting was recently held in-one of the
 riotous districts of Philadelphia, to consider
 the best means of mutual protection against
 the scoundrels who have for som: time past
 infested that city, to the great annoyance and
 injury of the peaceable and well disposed, es
 pecially of its colored citizens. The Ledger
 gives the following account of the immediate
 cause of the meeting and of its proceedings.
 It is high time that the Philadelphians looked
 to this matter. Penn’s Quaker city has be
 come a disgrace to the Union. Neither St.
 I Louis nor New Orleans can pietend to vie with
 j it in rowdyism
 “The many daring acts of violence and out
 i rage committed for some time past in the vi
 cinity of this city, has awakened the attention
 of the residents of the outer districts, to a com
 bination for their suppression. On Sunday,
 t the 21st October last, an aged and respectable
 yeoman, William Wikie, residing near Har
 rowgate lane, for simply requesting a gang ol
 S forty or fifty lawless marauders to withdraw
 from his premises, was set upon and shock
 ingly beaten, seriously stabbed, and, but for
 the prompt use of fire-arms by his two sons,
 would no doubt have been killed. This out
 rage convened a general meeting of ihe resi
 dents of the townships no'rth of the city, on
 Wednesday evening, the 24ih ult. at the
 Hart Lane School House, Unincorporated
 Northern Liberties, when the following pre
 amble and resolutions were adopted.
 Wheieas, The frequent acis of violence by
 bands of lawless marauders, especially on
 the Sabbath, calls for prompt and energetic
 action to abate this great and growing evil
 therefore
 Resolved, That we invite the co-operation
 of out fellow-citizens in every tow nship, and
 the assistance of the different corporations ad
 t joining, to carry into effect this object.
 Reolved, That the constables of this and
 i the adjoining tow nships be requested to sub
 mit to the Court the names of forty volunteers
 each, to be appointed as deputy constables for
 the purpose of maintaining and preserving the
 persons and property of peaceful citizens.
 Resolved, That these proceedings, togeth
 er with the handbills formerly distributed and
 1 posted, containing the various acts of Assem
 bly with reference to gunners, trespassers,
 die be published.”
 Jenny Lind.— lt seems that this celebrated
 songstress may be expected soon to visit this
 country. Barnum has sent over an embassy
 to invite her to visit his mansion, and is said to
 have received a favorable answer.
 English Copyright. —The English Court
 of Exchequer baa recently decided that no for
 eigner eeo enjoy a copyright forliie works in
 'Great Britain,’except through a mutual in
 ternational arrangement. Why should there
 not be such sn arrangement 1 Writers on
 both sides of tbe Atlantic are as much enti
 tled to tbe proceeds of their brain labor, as the
 carpenter or bricklayer is to those of his hand
 labor. American authors must stir m ibis
 matter in spite of tbe frowns of certain great
 publishing bouses.
 GtNtaovs Donatio*.— -The Anti-Slavery
 Society of Western New York has given
 9 100,00 to Frederick Douglass, to aid in the
 publication of The North Sur. The Dona
 tion was wisely bestowed. The North Sur
 ta doing an important work, and we hope it
 may never languish for want of support. A
 man like redertek Douglass should not be
 hampered by pecuniary cares and anxieties.
 Besides writing regularly for hia paper, be is
 almost constantly in tbs field as a lectuiei,
 aod, judging from the accounts be gives of
 bis labors flora time to tune, w« cannot doubt
 that in this capacity be is doing tbs cause
 good service. —A m/tSlmtxry Bug it.
 Mi** Fredenka Bremer, (says the N Y
 Express,) has thready become the hooass of
 tbe tows, from bet gentleness and great good
 i sense, aod is in all respects worthy of the at-
 I tsnuoo she is receiving at tbs bands of our
 country men. Many of our distinguished la
 dies and gentleman called upon her yeagrda v.
 at tbe Asior House, and also many frm
 abroad Miss B. visited Greenwood yester
 day, and will leave for Newburgh to day, a*
 tbe goes* of Mr. Downing tbe emmeat Hot
 ueuliunst, for a use. She will pees the win
 ter in Boston.
More Cniot ta MaHtchoMtU.
 A Free Soil Convention, in Suffolk county,
 has issued tn Address, urging upon the Free
 Soil voters of that county the propriety of
 union with the Democrats Thu Address
 has unfortunately, a very considerable smat
 tering of tbit spirit of compromise by which
 anv political fraud, no matter bow iniquitous,
 be sanctioned and promoted. TheAd
 dtess expresses doubts of the trptdtcncy ®f
 such unions, thinks the act to be a moral one,
 when s good motive exists “we believe,”
 say the Convention, ‘‘that a good and suffi
 cient motive exist* in the present case; thet
 the odious inequality produced by the present
 system of hiking vacancies m our State Sen
 ate la too great to be borne mat the present
 system ,a a supervision of the doctrine of self
 government based on tho same principle on
 which the mother country in colonial times
 sent over a governor to rule over provinces
 which had no voice in his appointment” they
 assert such action to be in accordance with
 “the principle that every wise and practicable
 man is obliged to adopt tn his ordinary affairs,
 of making the moet of citcumsiances en
 treat “fellow citizens” to ponder well the pre
 sent aspect of political affairs and wind up
 w ith the following string of resolutions, which
 seem to hinge at least as much on the subject
 of spoils, as of principle
 Resoived, That we adhere to the »epance
 organization of the Free Democracy, as the
 only one around which the friends of freedom
 can rally with the hope of success and that
 we will exert our influence to elect the candi
 dates whom we have put in nomination.
 Resolved, That we adhere to the Buffalo
 platform as our national charter acfl party test,
 and that we ara opposed to ail unions or com
 binations with other parties which shall put in
 jeopardy the final triumph of our principles.—
 That we consider (he restriction of Slavery to
 its present limits, and ns abolition where Con
 gress has the power, as the great paramount
 and “vital” question of the times. To which
 all other considerations of State or National
 policy, ail questions of commerce or finance,
 must yield when they come in competition.
 Resolved, That considering the novel man
 ner in which the territory of California has
 been temporarily settled, the heterogeneous,
 mixed, alien, and migratory character of its
 population, and considering that the law* and
 constitutions of States ate subject to frequent
 changes, that we believe the only adequate se
 curity against the introduction of slavery into
 New Meixico and Calilornia, to 6e the passage
 of an act.of Congress, before the formation of
 any of said territories into States, similar in
 its character to the Jeffersonian Ordinance of
 1787 which shall underlie all State Consti
 tutions and State laws, and which shall for
 ever take it out of the power of the Stales
 which may hereafter bo formed there, ever
 I to introduce the institution ot Slavery among
 them. Therefore
 Resolved, That wo view with great anxiety
 and alarm, the virtual abandonment of tho or
 dinance of 1787, by the leading presses in the
 confidence of t he administration, and the open
 assent or the silent acquiescence of the Whig
 presses ot the North, all clearly showing a
 disposition on the part of the Whigs of the
 North, even to recede from the support of
 i the Wilmot Proviso, and take their stand up
 j on tho “Non-intervention” policy of General
 Cass—a policy condemned in the strongest
 terms by ttie Whigs of the t ree Slates, and
 so odious to the Democrats, that a large por
 tion of tiio patty refused to give him their
 support.
 Resolved, That the permanence and suc
 cess ot Republican institutions depends upon
 the free and intelligent exorcise of the elective
 franchise, uninfluenced by fear or the of
 reward. That the principle that, “to the vio
 tors belong the spoils of victory,” is most cor
 rupting and dangerous in itsinfluence,tending
 j to the subversion of free institutions, and has
 ever been so declared by the Whig party.—
 That it acquires an additional odium when
 exercised by those who have denounced and
 solemnly pledged themselves to oppose it.
 Resolved, Tnat tho free exercise of the
 power of removal from office by the piesent
 administration, and the bestowal of the same
 upon partizans and favorites, is a gross viola
 j lion of the pledge of General Taylor, and has
 j blasted the hopes of those who looked to him
 to correct the abuses of those who had brought
 the patronage of the government into conflict
 with the fieedotn of electors.
 Resolved, That the present system of fil
 ling vacancies in our State Senate, whereby
 a majority party at times gets full possession
 I ot that bianch of the legislature, is unjust and
 j uneqiiu) in the highest degree, and not to be
 tolerated. And in case it cannot otherwise be
 remedied, we approve of such union of parties
 as shall remedy this inequality, and give the
 majority an opportunity to be heard in that
 branch of the legislature.
 Resolved, That in the union of parties for
 such an object, and especially in support of
 candidates who are favorable to our views on
 the subject ot Slavery, there is no sacrifice cf
 our principles or party organization

 The Prospect is Maryland.— The cause
 of emancipation is gradually, though surely
 progressing in the Slave States The follow
 ing paragiaph in a letter written from Balti
 more to the Concord (X. H Ind. Democrat,
 shows that the emancipationists of Maryland
 are looking forward to the day when the ckuae
 of freedom shall triumph :n that State. That
 day, (says the Demociat,) though seemingly
 far distant, is rapidly approaching The
 hem ot humanity is throbbing with the love
 of liberty, and every pulsation of that great
 heart sends the life-blood farther and farther
 A majority ot Reformers have been elect
 ed, and a great effort will be made to enact a
 bill providing for the call o? a Convention to
 re-mode! the Constitution of the State The
 slaveholders in the eastern aud southern coua
 liea have already taken the alarm at the pros
 pect of an effort to provide for emancipation.
 I can see no prospect of success at present,
 but a movement once made will lead to bene
 ficial results in a few years. There are those
 m Maryland who will never cease until this
 is eradicated from the soil, and although the
 attainment of the object is far distant tn ap
 pearance, there are hearts that never despair
 and hope to lire to witness its accomplish
 ment
 Riot jn Norristowk Ovtraos vpo*
 tm* People or Coloe. On Saturday
 l a, hl V “»*d.es Of Norrtatown, ear
 uiating the “kiliera” of Moya me:.™*, at
 tt(k*-d a three stoty house in the east partot
 j lhe occupied by unoffending co.ored
 people- The door waa beaten in, the win
 dowe in the second and third stones were
 demolished, sad the blacks were driven from
 mie part of the house to the other, and finally
 t«om it. As they emerged from the bouse
 they were attacked by another portion ol the
 and several serious blows with clube
 and stone* w*re inflicted. The assailed re
 sisted and defended themselves against great
 odda, tteiti they wer; relieved by the arrival
 the police Several arrests were made on
 »tn: ft &lt;&gt;&lt;)nd, ar;d up to Monday severs!
 persons implicated were still at large This
 ts one of the natural iruu* of the outlawry of
 i Uist weak and dofeoceioss class, by sute and
 church and social usage. il‘he mtserab e
 wretches who perpetrated n. »re but the
 agents of popular prejudice, and evety man
 who strengthens and noanahee that prejudice
 Is a fruity painter tn tho wrong.—/NhU*, A# i
