}J octrj).
HOUSEHOLD WALLS.
 T IlttA COO*.
 Ws talk of oki fiwuliv
 And k»r« the* w«mly and siacacsiy
 Bat titerc arc hd ta nihar ptaoea,
 That cling w u* almost as dearly.
 9a?, who are ng us with heart
 Where feelinf'« holy sunshine fall*,
 Cm bear, untouched, to tor* and part
 Frotn even ioo|-known household waHal
 Walla, that have echoed to oar pleasure,
 Walla, that liare hidden ua in frief.
 Been shake*. by onr daneinf measure,
 And famished br our Cbriatmaa leaf
 The chair* that see bare drawn around
 The twilight fire, with friends beside us,
 When in that tiny world we found
 That peace tbe larger world denied us
 The table, where our arm has leaned,
 And held out brow m pensive thinking,
 The coey curtain that ha* screened
 When northeast blasts hare found us shrink
 tog.
 Oh' are tbeie not some hearts tint ever
 A tint of lore tront these can borrow;
 And when they say, Good-bye," can nerer
 Take ibe last look without deep sorrow'
 And bow tbe spirit learns to talk
 To some old tree or wbiteborn hedge.
 Or wotehip some poor garden walk,
 As though ’twere bound bv sacred pledge.
 Oh! many a throbbing heart will yearn
 To household wall or old green lane.
 And many a farewell glance will turn
 Half dimmed, to peep just once again.
 At some familiar, noteless thing.
 Which we have dwelt with, till it seems
 A fe itber in the gentle wing.
 That nestles all our happiest dreams.
 Oh' Love, thou bast a noble throne,
 la bosom# where thy life-light fall*,
 So waim and wide, that they bare sighed
 At leaving even household walls.
 THE WORTH OF HOURS
 8V It. M. MILNEI.
 Believe not that your inner eye
 Can ever in just measure try
 Tbe worth of Hours as they go by;
 For every man’s weak self, alas!
 Makes him to see them, while they pus,
 As through a dim or tinted glass.
 But if in earnest care you would
 Mete out to each its part of good,
 Trust rather to your afi'r-mood
 Those surely are not fairly spent,
 That leave your spirit bowed and beat
 In sad unrest and ill-content;
 And more; (Lough, free from seeming harm,
 You rest fora toil of mind or arm,
 Or slow retire from Pleasure’s charm;
 1: tiien a painful sense comes on
 Of something wholly lost and gone.
 Vainly eDj jyed, or vainly done;
 Of something from your being’s chain
 Broke off, nor to be linked again
 By all mere Memory cun retain;
 L pen your heat t this truth may rise:
 .Nothing that altogether dies
 Suffices Mau’sjust destiaiei.
 So should we live, that every hour
 May die, as diee the natural flower,
 A self-reviving tiling of power;
 Tnat every thought and every deed
 May hold within itself the seed
 Of future good and future meed;
 Esteeming Sorrow, whose employ
 Is to deveiepe, not destroy.
 Far better titan a barren Joy.
 From the Portland Treoscrip.
 A WILDWOOD LAY.
 BT rERPANDO.
 Hera in the wilderness I musing tread,
 Amid the rustling foliage of tbe trees;
 The swaying boughs bend graceful o'er my head
 Stirred by the gently rising—falling breese,
 And the gay birds, with thrilling notes and glad,
 Pour in my ear their earthless melodies.
 Here nature is in primal beauty dressed,
 As fresh and lovely now ae erst she was,
 When the firat morn beamed brightly on herbieart
 And thro’ her woods the first soft breeie did pass;
 When from the north and south, tbe east and west,
 Pealed forth the aulbern of the morning stars.
 iam alone—yet lam not alone.
 Ti e birds arc with me and the gentle flowers
 The mighty onk that centuries bath known,
 And still, in spite of tempest, proudly towers;
 And every object in my pathway strewn
 All are companions of my wandering hours.
 And spirits of tbe nob'e and the fair,
 W ho’ve p issed from earth and left tny bosom chill,
 Seem now to hover round me in the air,
 In this deep solitude, so cairn and sail;
 Soairtimee me thinks they whisper iu my ear
 1 hose tone* of love that used tny heart to thrill;
 My spirit hears those spirit voices now;
 1 hear them in the ru tlmg of the leaves,
 And in the gentle breeie that soft doth blow,
 And in the #&lt;»ig tbe dancing biooklet weaves;
 I listen, and my tears forget to flow,
 The scathing sigh no more mv bosom heaves
 O, to, Tam not alone! tbe forest teems
 itli myriad f.rma of beauty every where!
 Soft shade, da; k nooks lit up with sunny gleams,
 Rocks, cavern#, cascades, alt are mingled bars!
 My wildest fancy in her loftier dreams
 Ne’er pictured aught more beautiful and rare.
 Tli* busy town hath many a charm for me
 lts thiong* ot happy faces, young and old;
 Its stately structures wrought so charmingly,
 And tower ing steeples chased with burnished gold;
 But, O, it lacked! the sublimity
 Lien line on every side my eyes behold.
 h or in it# midst the vail of sorrow swells.
 The poor »tnd up to heaven ihtii piteous cries.
 And Cncue, tire l ydra fend! defiant dwells,
 Wboae bctluii deeds in table colamas riat;
 But Krt no sorrow lingers in these dells,
 Tin se forests ne’er beheld the works of vice.
 Long would I linger in this sylvan wild,
 W here Lumau foot step seldom doth resound,
 Am.ni these gems of nature, thickly piled,
 And scattered in profusion all arouad
 Here I cun gate on beauty uodefiled,
 Rega,e toy eaic w ith erne* delicious aou«ds
 Nought but be work of the Auuigiily’e band
 I* here —BO art I view, no miaiickty;
 I look around me, nod entranced I stark..
 By the de«p lovelin-re# tbai greats my aye,
 I seem t tread the mystic spirit lar d.
 And quaff the sweets of immor tality*
 Heoct fortn, when dark misfortunes on mo brood.
 With fearful frown, and on my bosom frief
 Sits, like an iceberg, fleeting my life-blood,
 i’ii lca v e the busy scenes of tod and strife.
 And .n these lively haunts of solitude,
 Frum care and sorrow find a sweat rebel
 THE WIFE
 rtpaak kindly to bt'. Little dost thou know
 What utter wretchedness, what hopeless woe
 Haags'/a (hose Utter words, (fiat stern reply,
 '1 he cold demeanor and reproving eye.
 'The dearth steel pierces not with keatttr dart
 i banußkifd wards is wooma’s iruetrag heart.

Selections.
THF FIRST AND LAST DINNER.
 Twelve friend*, much about tht
 tame age. and fixed, by their pursuits
 their family connection*, and local in
 terests, as permanent inhabitant* of tht
 metropolis, agreed one day when thej
 were drinking their wine at the Stai
 and Garter, at Richmond, to insiitutt
 an annual dinner atnoog themselves
 under the following regulations;—Tha
 they should dine alternately at eacl
 other’* houses on the first and last daj
 of the year that the first bottle o
 wine uncorked at tbe first dinaershouk
 be recorked and put away, to be dranl
 by him who should be tbe last of theii
 number; that they never should admi
 a new member; that when one diet
 eleven were to meet, and so on; ant
 that when only one remained, he should
 on these two days, dine by himself, anc
 sit the usual hours at his solitary table;
 but the first time he so dined alone, leal
 it should he the only one, he should th#r
 uncork the first bottle, and, in tbe firsi
 glass, drink to the memory of all whe
 were gone
 There was something original and
 whimsical in the idea, and it was eager
 ly embraced. They were all iu their
 prime of life, closely attached by re
 ciprocal friendship, fond of social en
 joyments, and looked forward to theii
 future meetings with unalloyed feeling;
 of pleasure. The only thought indeed
 that could have darkened those antici
 pations, was one not likely to intrude
 itself at that moment, viz: that of the
 hapless wight who was destined to un
 cork the first bottle and drink the last
 glass at his lonely repast.
 It was high summer when this frolic
 compact was entered into; and as theii
 pleasure yacht skimmed along the
 dark bosom of the Thames, on their re
 turn to London, they Talked of nothing
 but their first and last fea9 f s of ensuing
 years. Their imagination ran riot with
 a thousand gay predictions of festive
 merriment. They wantoned in con
 jectures of what changes time would
 create.
 “As for you, George,” exclaimed
 one of the twelve, addressing his bro
 ther-in-law, “I expect I shall see you
 as dry, withered and broken as an old
 eel skin, the mere outside of a man!”
 and he accompanied the words with a
 heavy slap on the shoulder.
 George Fortesque was leaning care
 lessly over the side of the yacht, laugh
 ing the loudest of any at the conversa
 tion which had been carried on.—The
 sudden manual salutation of his bro
 ther-in-law threw him off his balance,
 and in a moment lie was over-board.
 They heard the heavy splash of his
 fall; before they coula be said to have
 seen him go. The yacht was proceed
 ing swiftly along, but was instantly
 stopped.
 Tne utmost consternation now pre
 vailed. It was nearly dark, but Fortes
 que was known to be an excellent
 swimmer, and startling as the accident
 wa9they felt certain he would regain
 the vessel. They could not see him.
 They listened in fear. An answer
 was returned, but in a faint, gurgling
 voice; and the exclamation “Oil God!”
 struck upon their ears. In an instant
 two or three, who were expert swim
 mers, plunged into the water and swam
 towards the sj.ot whence the exclama
 tion had proceeded. One of them was
 within an arm’s length of Fortesque;
 he saw him; but before he could be
 reached, he went down and his distrac
 ted friend beheld the eddying circles oi
 the wave just over tiie spot where he
 nad sunk. He dived after him and
 touched the bottom; but the tide must
 have drifted the body onward, for it
 could not be found!
 They proceeded to one of the near
 est stations where drags were kept,
 and having procured the necessary
 apparatus, repaired to the fatal spot. Af
 ter the lapse of above an hour they
 succeeded in raising the lifeless body
 of their lost friend. AH the usual
 remedies were employed for restoring
 suspended animation, but in vain; they
 now pursued the remainder of their
 course towards London in mournful
 silence, with the corpse ofhim liwo had
 commenced the day of pleasure with
 them in the fulness of health, of spirits,
 and of lile! And in their severe grief
 they could not but reflect how soon one
 of the joyous twelve had slipped out of
 this little festive circle.
 The months rolled on, and cold De
 cember came withal! its cheering round
 of kindly greetings and merry hospi
 talities, and with it came a softened re
 collection of the fate of poor Fortesque;
 eleven of the twelve assembled on the
 last day of the year, and it was impos
 sible not to feel their loss as they sat
 down to dinner. The very irregularity
 of the table—five on the one side and
 »i\ on the other-—forced the melancholy
 event upon their rememberance.
 A decorous sigh or two, a low. be
 coming ejaculation, and an instructive
 observation upon the uncertainty of
 life, made up tne sum of tender posth
 umous, “offerings to the name of poor
 George Fortascue,” as they proceeded
 to discharge the more important duties
 for which they had met. B&gt; the time
 the third glass of champaigne had gone
 round; iu addition to the potation of
 fine old hock, and “capital madeira,”
 they had ceased to discover anything
 so very pathetic in the inequality of the
 two sides of the table, or t»o very mel
 ancholy in their crippled number of
 eleven.
 Several years had elapsed: our
 eleven friends kept up their double an
 niversaries as they might aptly enough
 be called, with scarcely any percepti
 ble change. But alas'there came one
 dinner at last, which was darkened by
 1 a calamity they never expected to wit
 ness; for on that day their friend, com
 panion,—brother, almost—was banged!
 Yes, Stephen Rowland, the wit, the
 Oracle, the life of their circle, had, on
 the morning of that day, forfeited his
 i life upon the public scaffold, for having
 made a single stroke of his pen in a
 wrong place. In other words, bill of
 exchange which passed into his hands
 for 7001 passed out of his bands for
 1,700/
 It would be injustice to the ten to say
 that even wine, fiiendsbip and a merry
 season, could quit* dispel tbe gloom
 which pervadad this dinner, it was
 agreed beforehand that they should not
 allude to tht distressing and meiaa-
eleven.
choir theme; and having thus inter
 dicted the ottly thing* which really oc
 cupied all their thought*, the natural
 consequence waa, that silent contem
 fdation took the place of dismal discour
 se*; and they separated long before
 midnight.
 Some fifteen years had now glided
 away since the fate of Rowland, and
 the ten remained; but the stealing hand
 of time had written sundry change* in
 most legible characters. Raven locki
 had begrtuied; some of their heads had
 not so many locks altogether as may
 be reckoned in a walk of half a mile
 along the Regent’s canal: one was actu
 ally covered with a brown wig; tbs
 crow's feet were risible in the comer of
 the eye; conversation grew lest boister
 ous, and it turned chiefly on politics
 and the state of the funds, or the ealut
 of landed property; apologies were
 made for coming in thick shoes and
 warm stockings; the doors and windows
 were most carefully provided with lial
 sod sand bags; the fire was more in
 request; and a quiet game of whiat fil
 led up the hours that were wont to be
 devoted to drinking, singing and riotous
 merriment. Three rubbers, a cup ol
 C &gt;ffee, and at home by 11 o’clock, was
 the u-ual cry, when the fifth or sixth
 glass had gone round after the removal
 of the cloth. At parting, too, there
 was a long ceremony in the hall, but
 toning great coats, tying on woolen
 comforters, fixing silk hankerchiefs
 over the mouth and up to the ears, and
 grasping sturdy canes to support un
 steady feet.
 Their fiftieth anniversary came, and
 death had indeed been busy. Four
 little old men of withered appearance
 and decrepit walk, with cracked voices,
 and dim, rayle*9 eyes, sat down by the
 mercy of Heaven, [as they themselves
 tremulously declared,] to ciebrate foi
 the fiftieth time the first day of the
 year; to Observe the frolic compact
 which, half a century ago they had en
 tered into at the Star and Garter at
 Richmond. Eight were in their graves.
 The four that remained stood upon its
 confines. Yet they chirped cheerfully
 over their glass though they could
 scarcely carry it to their lips, if more
 than half full, and cracked their jokes,
 though they articulated their word*
 with difficulty, and heard each othei
 with still greater difficulty. They
 mumbled, they chattered, they laughed,
 if a sort of strange wheezing might bt
 called a laugh; and when the wine seni
 their icy blood in warmer pulses tbougL
 their veins, they talked oi the past as il
 were but yesterday that had slipped b)
 them—and of the future as if it were
 busy century that lay before them.
 They were just the number for c
 quiet rubber of whist; and for three
 successive years they sat down to one
 The fourth came, and then their rubbei
 was played with an open dummy; c
 fifth, and whist wa9 no longer practi
 cable; two could play at ct ibbage, an&lt;i
 cribbage was the. game. But it was
 little more than mockery of play. Theii
 palsied hands could hardly hold, or theii
 faded sight distinguish the cards, while
 their torpid faculties made them doze
 between each deal.
 At length came the last dinner, and
 the survivor of the twelve, upon whose
 head four score and ten years had
 showed their snow, ate his solitary
 meal. It so chanced that it was in hia
 house and at his tabic they had cele
 brated their first. In his cellar, too,
 had remained for forty-eight years the
 bottle they had uncorked, recorked,
 and which he was that day to uncork
 again. It stood beside him; with a
 feeble and reluctant grasp he took the
 frail memorial of a youthful vow, and
 for a moment memory was faithful to
 her office. She threw open her long
 vista of buried years, and his heart
 travelled through them all. Their lusty
 and blithsome spring—their bright and
 fervid summer—the ripe and temperate
 autumn —their chill but not too frozen
 winter. He saw, as in a mirror, how
 one by one the laughing companions of
 the merry hour at Richmond had drop
 ped into eternity.
 He felt aS! the loneliness of his con
 dition, (lor he had eschewed marriage,)
 and a* he drained a glass which he
 filhd “to the memory of these who had
 gone,” the tears slowly trickled down
 the deep furrows of his aged face.
 He had thus fulfilled one part of bis
 vow, and he prepared himself to dis
 charge the other by sitting the usual
 number of hours at his desolate table.
 —With heavy heart he resigned him
 self to the gloom of his own thoughts;
 lethargic sleep stole over him; his head
 fell upon his bosom; confused images
 crowded into his mind; he babbled by
 himself—w as silent—and when his ser
 vant entered the room he found his
 master stretched upon the carpet at the
 foot of the easy chair, out of which he
 had slipped in an apoplectic fit. He
 never spoke again nor opened his eyes,
 though the vital spark was not extinct
 till the following day. And this was
 the last dinner.
 THE LATE THOMAS HOOD.
 Hood was a victim to the “literary
 ailment.” For many years towards
 the close of his life, he was laboring
 under disease habitually ill—dying
 slowly; and yet he wrote on. In one ol
 his la»t publications to which he gave
 his name as editor, Hood’s Magazine,”
 he thus humorously pointed out the
 pains of the literary life, in so imagina
 ry letter from “A subscriber;”
 “Sib, By your not coming out on
 the Furst, I concluded you are lade up,
 being notorus for enjoy in bad health!
 Pulhnary, of course, like my poor Rob
 ert, for I ve had a literary branch in
 my own family, a periodical one like
 yourself, only every Sunday, instead of
 once a month; and a* such, well known
 what it was to be writ long-winded ar
 ticles with Weekly lungs. Poor fellow I
 as I often said, so much bead-work, and
 •otbing bnt head-work, will make a
 cherebbim of you, au d so it did. Noth
 ing but write, write, write, and read
 read; and as our Locter says, it’s as
 bsd to study till tU is bruua, as to
 dn*»k till all is blew. Mix your cullers
 And werry good advice it is. when it
 can be follered, whitch is not always
 the case; for if necessity has do Lai,
 it has a good deal of Litteratnra, aad
 Authors must rite what they must.
 “As po* r Robert used te say about
 seddentory baboo, *ts very well, says
 he, to toll me about, like Mr WooX
 i f
worth’s single man as he grew double,
 slicking to my chair; but if there’s no
 sitting, says he, there’ll be no hatching:
 and if I do brood too much at my desk,
 its because there's a brood expected
 from me once a week. Oh! its very
 well, says he, to cry, up with yon, and
 fetch a walk, and take s look at the
 daisies, when you’re sold your mind to
 jtfiffStofilia, and there’s a devil wait
 ing for your last proofs, as be did for
 tor. Forsters. I know its killin me,
 Kays he, but if I die of over-work, Us in
 Shs way of my vocation. Poor boy! I
 ■id all I could to nurridge him. Mock
 Burkey soop and strong slogs, and
 Vormy Jelly, and island moss; but he
 ■ould’nteat. And no wonder; for men-
 Iti labor as the docter said, wears out
 Be stummack aa well as the branes;
 Kd so he'd been spinning out his in
 flde, like a spider. And a spider he.
 Pwd look at last, sure enough; one of
 ist sort with long spindle legs, and
 only a dot of a body in the middle.
 “Anauther bad thing ia sitting up all
 nite, as my sun did, but it’s all again
 nature. Not but what sum must, and
 partickty the writers of politicks for the
 papers; but they ruin the constitushun.
 And besides, even poetry is apt to get
 prosy, after twelve or one; and some
 late authors read very sleepy. But as
 poor Robert said, what is one to do,
 when no day is long enuff for one’s
 work, nor no mounth either. And, to
 be sure, April, June, and September
 are all short mounths, Ebber-very.
 However one grate thing is, relaxing,
 if you can, as the Docter used to say,
 what made Jack a dull boy? why, be
 ing always in the work-house, and nev
 er at the play-house. So, get out of
 your gownd and slippers says he, and
 put on your best things and unbend
 yourself like a beau. If you’ve been
 at your poetic flights, go and look a;
 the Terns Tunnel; and if you’re tired
 of being witty go and spend an hour
 with the wax work. The mind requires
 a change as well as the merchants,
 “So take my advice, sir—a mother’s
 advice—and relax a little. You want
 brassing, a change of hair, and more
 stummack. And you ought to ware
 flannel, and take tonicks. Do you ever
 drink Basses pail? It’s as good as
 cammotniie tea. But above all, there’s
 one thing I recommend to you, steal
 wine; it’s been a saving to some in
 valids.
 “Hoping you will excuse this liberty
 from a stranger, but a well-meaning
 one, I am, sir,
 A Subscriber.”
 Thus could Hood piay with a subject
 full of painful import, and inculcate
 severe truths, in quaint and humorous
 guise. He made the eye to dance with
 laughter, at the same time he touched
 the heart to its depths. It was Comus
 teaching sympathy and human kind
 ness. The laugh passed away, but the
 stern truth remained. —Etiza Cook's
 Journal.
SOMETHING FOR FARMERS.
 Here is an extract of a letter written
 by Horace of the N. Y
 Tribune, while attending the Stale
 Agricultural fair at Syracuse:
 i “There cannot be less than two or
 three hundred different kinds of Agri
 cultural implements on exhibition here
 —Horse Hakes, Cultivators, Straw
 Cutters, Sub Soil, and all other Plows,
 new Bee-Hives, Water-Wheels. Horse
 power Saws, &amp;.c. &amp;c. I consider this
 altogether the most important feature
 of the Fair. A great Ox may be reared
 by a greater tool, but no man who
 ever worked a year at farming can ever
 spend a day among these implements
 and inventions without being stimulated
 to think. The great end of all such
 exhibitions is an improvement of the
 breed of Farmers—of Men. Now the
 man who has been skimming over a
 hundred acres of land for the last
 twenty or thirty years, plowing six in
 ches deep, manuring with his good
 wishes, and growing fifteen or twenty
 bushels of corn to the acre, cannot
 spend a day in one of these Fair en
 closures, without being startled and
 shamed. These Sub-Soil plows, one
 of which, properly used, would double
 his nsual product of Corn and Vegeta
 bles, and in dry seasons treble it; these
 Straw Cutters, with one of which his
 scanty crop of Hay might have been
 made, with the aid of straw, stalks,
 &amp;c., to winter his stock bonntilully;
 these Cultivators, Seed Planters.
 Horse Rakes, and other labor-saving
 implements must set him thinking.
 What sort of crops do those farmer
 obtain who use such implements&gt; Who
 make the most by farming—the fifteen
 or fifty bushel corn-growers. Wimt
 sort of farming leaves land in condition
 to sell advantageously These ques
 tions arise spontaneously in the simplest
 minds, and they will be answered. I
 don’t believe a farmer can attend three
 successive Fairs, keeping his head un
 clouded by liquor, and not resolve to
 farm better through all his Jill* after
 wards.
 No other business could bear to be
 m ln f£ c d wretchedly as Farming
 still is. Qoly think of civilized men
 killing their bees to get the honey in
 this nineteenth century after Christ.
 Killing a cow to obtain her milk would
 be on the same principle. Yet to this
 day, half the bee-men smother their
 bees to get the honey, although the land
 is full of simple and cheap hives on
 humanerand more economical princi
 ple. How long shall the stupid barbar
 ism of smothering bees continuer”
A horrible scene occurred at the
 burning of the jail of Jackson county,
 Mississippi, on the night of the 30tb
 met. Before the fire was discovered,
 it had ao extended aa to render it ict
 poeaibie to eave a runaway slave who
 was confined in one of the cell*. Effort*
 were made to break the iron bars of the
 window, but they proved ineffectual,
 aod the poor fellow perished in the
 flames, uttering the most piercing cries.
A Retort—At a church where
 Umiw we« a call for a minuter, two can
 didates appeared, whose names were
 Adam and Low. The latter preached
 in the forenoon an elegant discourse
 I *Ada«, where art thou?’
 in tan afternoon Adam preached
 tb wordo, *Lo, here am I.*
 No rooftJtaa a nffct m doasiu plaaaasex
 mpt when fee ylaaaaa to do right,
 WJf| .*Kf| AJ9 7|; ..-A’'-..
-Vbucrtiscmcnts.
NORTHAMPTON WATER CURE.
 Electricity
 rIE important principle* ofCwaaeons Electricity,
 the discoverv of which be the emJemfwrd, Inn
 opewed no wide s field far scientific and ptotnroioficni
 investigation, ihawh ridtcofed nod opposed it Hi
 firm nnuouocentna m 1844, by medicau nod profes
 sedly scientific sreo, being now MMtniord by emioenl
 men of philosophic -md scientific knowledge, aad by
 the experience an j testimony of thotnendn, who here
 tented ha theory by eluuDitntioM in their own cases,
 the undersigned is confides! tint thin of
 natural and physiological law, aeedn only to be an
 deritaod to be justly appreciated by iatelbgaitt
 and investigating public.
 Swtaiafi! by such testimony, end mere than fire
 years’practical experience an a Diagnomaa and Hy
 dro path it t, tiie undersigned would here repeat the
 canukistons at which lie has arriyed by the sense of
 touch. Ist. That the haann body, in a healthy
 condition, is m a potUivt cltctncal Matt. 2d. *1 hat
 tliere are electrical emanations from the ruticlar
 surface, indicative of health, or the nature and
 symptoms of disease- 3d. That in all cases where
 the wrist, stomach, or lungs, are in an electro-posi
 tire state, (iiuwerer disturbed,) there in hope of a
 cure; but unen The parts of the l&gt;ody alluded to are
 in the clectio-aegativr: state, Hydropathy can afford
 no relief.
 Had not the results of his practice already con
 vinced the public of the trutlifulncss of the principles
 by which the undersigned is governed, in detecting
 tne nature and symptoms of disease, the recent phi
 losophical and scientific demonstration of tiveir cor
 rectness, bv •Prolessor Means, of Georgia, and Mr.
 Heininor, of England, and the feet* and corrolora
 lire lesiiuioMv adduced by I'r. I orbes, Mr. Smee,
 and others, should be sufficient to convince the most
 sceptical.
 Gratefully appreciating the credit so generously
 awarded for bis success as a diagnostic and Hy
 dropathic Practitioner, by a discerning public, and
 the gratitude evinced by those whom he has had the
 pleasure lo relieve of their complaints, the under
 signed will endeavor lo merit the confidence of all
 who may afford him an opportunity to effect a cure,
 by his orrginal and philosophical method of practice.
 The .Northampton Water Cure is pleasantly situ
 ated near Bensonville, on the west bank of Licking
 Water, or Mill Kiver, alxiut two and a half miles
 from the centre of the town. It is conveniently
 arranged, with parlors, separate bathing and dress
 ing-rooms, for Ladies and Gentlemen, well venti
 lated and conveniently furnished lodging rooms, and
 a variety of baths, abundantly supplied with water,
 which, for purity, and adaptedness to water-cure
 purposes, is unsurpassed by that of any other estab
 lishment in this country. A new and commodious
 building has just been completed, containing a spa
 cious dining hall, and pleasant lodging rooms, which,
 with the main building, will accommodate from 50
 to 60 patients. A Gymnasium connected with the
 establishment, affords an agreeable and healthful
 indoor exnrcise. The scenery in this vicinity is
 I picturesque aud romantic. There are a variety ol
 I pleasant walks, sufficiently retired to allow thepa
 tients to enjoy their rambles without being exposed
 to public gaze or observation
 Among the complaints which are here successfully
 treated, are headache, tendency of blood to the head,
 cold extremities, general and nervous debility, broil
 chitis, pulmonary affection, liver complaint, jaun
 ibee, acute or chronic mliamniatiou of tire bowels
 jffles, dispepsy, general debility, nervous and spinal
 affections, inffammatory and chronic rheumatism,
 neuralgia, sciatica, lame limbs, paralysis,fevers, salt
 rheum, scrofulous aud erysipelas humors.
 All persons who visit tins establishment for a
 course of treatment, should furnish themselves with
 three,comfortables, three woollen blankets, one oi
 two ffntn and three cotton sheets, uvo pillow cases,
 i six or eight crush towels, some well worn linen, tc
 i cut for fomentations, an old cloak or mantle, an uin
 1 brelia, and a pair of slippers.
 Terms.—For treatment and board fromss 50 tc
 !$8 50 per week, payable weekly. For a patieni
 j (from choice or the nature of Ins complaint) occu
 pying a room alone on the first and second floors
 I £9 00—with room-mate, $6,50. For one alone or
 ihe third floor, $8 50—with room-mate, $5 50
 Patients requiring extra attention or fire in theii
 rooms, (except for swathing purposes,) will furnisl
 their own nurses and fuel, or pay au extra price
 For patients receiving treatment at home, $1 00.
 Terms for examination, from $2 00 to $5 00
 Post-paid letters, with one dollar enclosed, solid
 ting advice, will receive attention. Corresponding
 patients should be particular in stating their las
 treatment and its effects.
 DAVID RUGGLES,
 Northampton Mats., 1849.
 N.B. Visitors to tire F.stablislrnrent, from tin
 I east, west, or south, can take the cars of the Conn
 River Railroad at Springfield. Carriages wil
 always be in readiness at the Northampton depot, tc
 convey them hither. That the sick and nervous
 nruy not be disturbed after retiring, visitors arrivin'
 in the evening train arc requested to take lodging!
 I at a hotel.
 The human blood, in a normal and healthy con
 dition ot the system, is in a positive state, whicl
 is constantly maintained by tne uctivify of tl«
 generating sources within—an excess generally pass
 »g off in silence from the cuticular surface, so tna
 out of 356 experiments made by Mr. Hemmer o
 England, upon the uncovered skin,” 322 indicator
 the presence of positive electricity. Ttris surptusagi
 of the tluiu upon tire surface, we believe to Ire indis
 pensable to the healthful condition of" the wlioh
 animal economy, and that when, from any it
 is diminished or ceases, diseased action ensues.’
 See address delivered before the Medical College o
 Georgia, at the opening of its annual session, Nov
 8, 1847, by A. Means, A.M., M.D., Professor o
 Chemistry and Pharmacy, and Professor of Piiysica
 Science in Emory College, G«i., page 25
 Dr. John Forbes, editor of the British and For
 eign Medical Review, in an able article ou the con
 dition and function of" the skin, says: “Peih.ip:
 there is scarcely any disease in wnich the func
 tion ot the skin is not, to some extent, deranged,
 To what extent, physicians have not bestowed suf
 ficient pain* to learn nor have they been accustomed
 to give much attention to this part, in the practical
 investigation of diseases. Physiology
 tea cites us that :t is the vehicle for conveying out
 of the system a lax-gc amount of matter, as well solid
 .as liquid; aad practical experience exhibits it asl
 the channel through which the matenu morln in
 many instances, and tlie burtiten of plethora gene
 raliy, find their exit.”
 Ihe London Sun, alluding to the discovery of
 voltaic electricity by Ahred Since, Surgeon to the
 Bank of England, says: “By a test which fie Urm,
 electro-vultaic, he has satisfied himself tint tire ter
 minations ot tin- sensor uetvi-s ara positive pole* of
 a voltaic circuit, while Hie muscular substance is the
 neg stive pole. Ihe sensor nerves are tire telegraphs
 which carry the e-ms ition to the brain, anti the motor
 nerves carry liack Hie volition to me mtucies.” See
 N. Tribune, April 7, 1849.
 Dr. Hollick, o-i the of electricity, remarks:
 I h&lt;-re is no ag-.-ni that affects the halv more, both
 naturally and artificially.” his work on Neu
 ropathy, published in Phtlade pbia in 1847, p. 127.
 1 tie to town;; extract is from an interesting arti
 cle on electricity, copied by Hie N. V. Journal of
 Commerce from a foieign Scientific i.pview: “I
 do not pretend tony that a dtficie cv of electricity
 miv uot occur in one part of uie buos.n bode, anil
 an excess in some otner part, for a lime, and that
 Uni may net be the cause of dise-se, nd the resto
 ration oi the equilibrium in* cure; I think this -ost
 likely, an-l that it is upon this principle, in a great
 me sui c, that the w.i .derful effects of electr- -mag
 netism, io die care f disease, are to be explained.
 It is ceitain that, .~n our electrical machines are
 most actively prod,sc.i e, we all fee I most vigorous.
 Our nervous systems aie then raoet firm; our diges
 i*e organs so.-.; active, our maui* most clear.”
Asylum for the Sick.
 DR- HAMILTON’S Hydropathic and Anyalytic
 Asylum, .No 217 Exchange riticet, opposite u&gt;e
 Ofpbaa Asylum, Roc&amp;erter, N.V. This Institution
 isnowhinily est-dilishcd ami in successful jpera
 lion. 'Die proprietor analyze* every diseat f bat ia
 admitted uiera, and applies u*e natural and appro
 priate remedy. Although water ia used in every way
 that i* applied ia any water-cure establishment in
 d»e L mted rotate*, yet the proprietor w ishe* it to be
 expressly understood that it .a not relied on a* the on/y
 or principal. etaedy in tiae treatment of diaeaae tub
 muted to ms care.
 Tbia Establishment is designed far that dues of
 invalid* wno hare failed to obtain their health by ali
 otj f tyatema sf practice, and are atili unable to
 wdk or aland on their fact, and are confined to their
 bed*, wearing out a life of misery and sabering with
 out aqy hope of ever Ming any better.
 Ibe reinedie» made use ol ia this Institution not
 only entirely remove disease but give increased
 strength and elasticity to the system. Many have
 been •wrought here from different parts of the cone
 try, aho had neither walked or borne their weight
 on their feet hum five to fifteen years; and atnne
 have been usable to drees or undress, or ev«o
 to feed themselves, audio the course of a few weeks
 would be walking with lh« elasticity of youth and
 the quickness of a pedestrian, astonished at them
 refatu, and surprising their friends and all who saw
 them when they first came. The treatment of this
 Institution i» particularly calculated to remove the
 diseasns peculiar to females, such as
 Ist. Ihe falling of the tt onb, in all its stages
 and condition* ia patients, from twelve wars ofage
 up to sixty, and even if they have been confined to
 their beds from one to twenty, unable to stand, wait,
 dr**., «r undress themselves, or even too feeble te
 bev wmr worn* or speak aloud.
 Weakness and falling ef the Bowels; Pain
 wtheStda. Uhoukhns, Beck and Mend- Spuml
 ttSh^is&amp;a^

urkn, S«pprr*«i -n of the Mfsjw, Excessive
 Menstruation, Whites, all Nrrvoos CoM
 Feet and 11 wad*, St. Anthony's Dance, Tetter* of
 all kinds, Sak Rheum, in it* worst farms, Ntwal
 gia, Tie Dotiinuretii, Rheumatism, Conromptiod in
 it* first stage*, General Weakness and Debility.
 The proprietor has given hi* whole attention to
 Ike above disease* fur the last tea year*, and hits
 treated them in an entirely different way from any
 other private practice or public Institution in this
 country and sorb baa laeen hi* roccess, and so cer
 tain are his remedies in their effects on thane dis
 ease*, that instead of publishing a tong list of cer
 tified cam, he wishes to give that clast of invalids
 seeking to obtain their health a snfficient guarantee
 any false pretensions, exaggeration, impo
 sition or deception, so that no one'need be to am
 expense in this Institution without being benefited
 The proprietor will enter into a special rontruc.
 with any one who a ishe* to do so, that I w will
 i nut into the Institution, to advance the money ami
 pay all the expenses from anv part of the United
 States here and huh home again, before he com
 mence* the treatment, and give a bond to board them,
 toecthti with hi* professional services, for nothing,
 if he doe* not help them according to contract. Ain
 one thinking the above proposition not a sufficient
 j guarantee agninsi imsiepiesentation* and expense
 i without receiving equwl benefit, car. let the pcnric
 -1 lor know what wil. be satisfactory, and it shall be
 duly co’ sidered.
 This Institution has grown op from private prxe
 lice by tile intlneiice of those who have been helped
 J here, as nothing has ever been published before;
 and the proprietor means that it shall sustain ilsel.
 i by its own merits, or pay the expense oi those who
 i choose to make a contract in case of failure. The
 design of this Circular is not to make known the
 cures that have been made in this institution, liecaiue
 they must soon lie believed; but to let u be moi
 extensively known to the poor fullering invalids
 I liiat Uive spent hundreds of dollars in trying all
 other systems of practice, and without much or anv
 lienefit, and still remain confined to their beds from
 five to twenty years, that thcie i* an Institution
 whose treatment is different from any other one the
 United States, and is particularly adapted to their
 situation, and can hav* it cost them nothing unless
 they are materially benefited.
 From the nature of treatment in this Institution,
 the nnmber of patients must lie limited, therefore tlie
 proprietor does not solicit the patronage of slight and
 ordinary cases which may he easily helped I y other
 systems of practice; nor does lie want any one to
 come, unless they w ish to get well, and are w illing
 to Ite made well euough to walk from five to twenty
 miles at a time, and follow it up day after day in
 j succession; and also willing to be made able to en
 dure as much labor and fatigue as most of people
 that call themselves well, as he means that everv
 I one that goes through a thorough course of treatment
 j in the Analytic Institution shall show by their in
 creased strength, elasticity of motion, firmness of
 j texture, capability of endurance, a.»d improved
 health, that the treatment in this Institution is found
 ed on the natural laws of organized m.itter, and
 consequently its superiority over every other dif
 I'erent system of practice.
 All communications addressed to Dr. THOMAS
 HAMILTON, Rochester, post paid, will receive
 I immediate attention. If requested, reference will
 be made to those who have been helped in this Insti
 i tution and also good references as to responstbihtv
 ortlie proprietor to meet Lite above expenses if,'
 requi red
 Halsted’s Eclectic Medical Institute,
 and Water-Cure Establishment.
 THIS Institution has been in successful operation
 during fourteen years, for the cure of all Chronic
 Diseases, and such as cannot be removed by medi&lt;
 cine alone.
 MOKE THAN THREE THOUSAND Pa
 tients have been restored to health and usefulnest
 by the treatment pursued at tins Institution, win
 could not find r* lief by any other course of .medi
 cine. Hundreds who had been confined to theit
 I beds for years, and who were almost in dtapair
 have had renewed hope and courage when they have
 learned that others, laboring under as many discour
 agements as thems. Ives, have been cured by this
 •j treatment after everything else had failed.
 1 j Those who are laboring under CHRONIC, NER
 VOUS, or SPINAL difficulties, CURVATURES
 &amp;c., w’hicli produce symptoms oi almost all o»hei
 diseases, with their accompaniments— h«, DY^
 PEPSI A,RHEUMATISM,NEURALGIA COS
 TIVENESs, LOSS OF THE USE OF THF
 LIMBS, NU MBNESS, i OW SPIRI TS, PAR
 I TDL INSANITY, and a host of oilier diseases
 i arising from the same cause—SPINAL WEAK
 ■j NESS,which they nor their plnsicians understand
 and which medicine alone will uot cure—to sucl
 sufferers we w ould say, we are curing hundreds jusi
 bke you every year. Physicians bring their wives
 and children to have them cured—why not comt
 i yourselves, and save life, time and money I
 M e are using water in all the various ways in
 which it is applied in water-cure establishments; yet
 we do not rely selely upon it, or upon medicines as
 they are generally understood and applied; hut a
 COMSISEU TRE ATMENT WITH ELECTRICITY,
 and a new mode of application which truly is magi
 cal in its efficacy, and is always sure to cure, in o"ne
 half the time it takes under any other treatment,
 allow ing that treatment to be successful, which is not
 the cause one time in ten.
 Female Diseases.— Prolapsus Uteri (falling
 of the womb,) Leucorrhea, [whites] suppressed and
 excessive menstruation, the diseases incident to
 that period known as the turn of life*—involuntary
 discharge of urine and injuries from Childbearing,
 which are more frequent Uian Physicians are widing
 to acknowledge, especially within their own practice.
 Females frequently suffer* for year* from the disease*
 j incident to their sex, and linger out a life of help,
 j lessness and pain, when a few weeks’ or at moat a
 lew inontlii’ti ealment, would remove their difficulties
 I and restore them to their families, with healtn to
 j labor, to enjoy themselves, and to contribute to the
 happiness of others. This has never failed to I*?
 accomplished in a single instance in this Institution,
 however weak and helpless the patient rnav Imvc
 i been on entering it. Many have tome hundreds of
 miles on beds, in easy chans, by boat, by carnage
 and railro.id, who had not walked for years. ’These
 ladies have walked miles daily before teavin the
 Institution.
 f ur our knowledge and confidence m this unpar.
 alelltd treatment for all long standing or Chronic dis
 eases, of whatever kind or nature, that we mil offer the
 following
 PROPOSITION:
 We will enter into a special written agreement with
 such a* desire it, who enter the Institution, folU/w the
 rules and regulations, and go through the system of
 treatment, to pay thar travelling expenses to and from
 the Institution, and board lodge and nurse them, and
 give them our professional services, jret of charge, if
 they are not helped according to agreement. This it is
 Imped will put a stop to cries of empyriefsm feoiu
 lho*e intere.-ted in keeping patients under their own
 charge, ami will lie a guarantee to tho*e worn out
 by disease, who have spent much of their substance
 in procuring medicine, and seeking relief, without
 finding it; tnatliere they will not sfienci their money
 without benefit, and that no lalse statements or im
 positions will be practiced upon them.
 The modus eperandi of curing Female difficulties is
 a new discovery and practised only at this Institution.
 The most htlpiess and fettle cases, who have Urn con
 fined for years, are relieved immediately, and if not pre.
 vented from walking by OTHAR diseases, can go up
 and down stairs in 48 kcurs after commencing treat mm.,
 without fear or trouble in rtg ard to their o R i oI a L dif
 ficulty. To prrduct this almost instantaneous relief,
 the patient is iWjecitd to no pain or inconvenience, and
 tn every mstunce a speedy cure is performed. If any
 one doubts kt them select the most trymg and drih
 cult case they can find, and test our veracity and stall
 Our tabus art easy.
 N. B.—Auy one wmhiog to Ju».v more about our
 svrtem of treatment for Lena disuses or any otfei
 difficulty can address us [post paid] and we will
 semi them acaccount of the Institution—Certificai.»
 of cure official report of Lai year, fcc., free 0 f
 charge—ugeiiser »itb the iuo#i retpeciabfe rtier
 •nee* in the city and country.
 P. 14. Our room is mailtd. therefore »e want
 non# to apply that can he cured at home. We pride
 our selves &gt;n curing what others are not fortunate
 enough to do.
 Communication* sb- uld be addressed toIJ ai»ti
 Hall, Medical Institute, Rochester, N. Y., post
 paid.
 KerrRESCES.-Jo.eph Fwld Ex-Mavor, and
 Rev C*. W. Montgomery, Rociiester, N. Y.
 ••Lrery Man ills owu RBjskian,”
 THE HOME DOCTOR.
 JLST PUBLISHED, a new and valuable book
 lor every family in the country, and one that mav
 be consulted with perfect safety. Am its title auut
 Mdieasrs,it t* “THE HOME DOCTOR, or frWk
 Manual, giving the causes, symptom, and inauuem
 of Diseases; with an account of the system white u,
 health, and roles far preserving that stale. Appen
 ded to which are recipes tor making various Medi
 cines and articles far diet for the sick room. The
 nenl moa fa
 John B. Newrnaa, M. D.”
 *»«&gt;k, or separate, is
 THE HERB BOOK, a book devoted exclusively
 to Hcvfia, giving their name*, varieties, description,
 properties and doaas, use, time of gathering,
 and many other directions very aeefui for every fam
 ily to know, and written expreaaij foajhan.lv use.”
 The Herb Book is devoted solely to PopcUur Med
 esU Botany, and will famish on that point all the
 arttred information wanted far general um.”
 TV two books ars put SO and boned together and
 "0 pages, pne* 2» cants, or sold separate
 st ill cents.
 The symptoms of eat* disease are earefagy given
 #a Umi one may fa recognised bom another, to vfci
 metisiag ia (fa dark; also fae treatment
 mmeh uf geuerai physiology, and ndfa tur ketosi.
 m health, togmfar withofaunmimn. M
 mnnm «f avoidiag dafotarfatw mfartss, and mac
 ether remarks as era deemed appraermt* far
 me* omdtomk. wvtme, for bt^»
book h.ll been wT'tten with car*?, i»
 (impte, couinxu-renae *»ylr rank to te „f.
 rtM«&lt;ud by eerry person, and by a prartwal fbyit
 ciwi »h&lt;.r«»&gt;sth b. ,tam*t. wV can rerrmonw
 it with entire confidence, as being a work rwprrfor
 »a aB respects h. any &lt;*v r t«oolt at' the k*u J eret
 pohii«hed at the price.
 Fairnbe* in the country, snd especially those Irr
 !Oi{ in new rminire* and unheaUhv (Inmate*, enoukl
 mot fca.l to prorate a copy and bar*' at all litre* at
 hand, in care of sickness a* »he T m c ht ibeirfcr to
 •..me •••nple• remedy n. t r«^ tl .e*rc p./tiac
 te».l doctors bill. Wbethr well w fir k. *w h Kmk
 show Id be irt every hoti«e a* a safe and mrr ad v »w**
 in time of need, the direct,on giren for persona m
 health cannot be lev strictly vtu-med t,. tr ad.
 Tlie price at wi.icn the hook i» *'»fo i» *o k,w th*t
 erery f«miK in.*) hare a copy, and none stank, ba
 with.ml it.
 Tie U»k i* pot up In Paper br d?rg, and r%e
 easily !&lt;e sent by mail. Postage or-iy 64 ieaU to any
 aart of the Lmtc.i States.
 Any per?, n rending ;i* one rfoiler b\ mail, and
 pod paving p» «!i e on tie letter, dad hare too.-
 Cottic* sent lum }Tt &gt;.J j*st ge.
 Si rn. in jm» order?*, tbeic re? risk m aerrdirg
 m&lt; nev by nc.ii, it come? to ns and &gt;be tyxis
 a]w..y* .each ifoiiwMiua.
 Gcs“ b'nr families r.,n rlnb together a
 doiLrr ill, 'irel have fonr brv ks sent to ad irew.
 W AN I Kl&gt; Agent* in n si of the State* to sell
 thi* w- rk, almost erery family will purchase it if
 carried t,» tSeir d"K&gt;rs. A small capital *4 from 820
 to 850 will l« uccescan t.,r each agent. Ad&lt; iciw,
 'ootjxnd, GEO, FIS!!ER,
 April 1,1540. 6 Exeliange-st, Rod **?ter, Y
G. W, MEH'CHAnT’sI
 C Eil* EIBRA X E D
 GANGLING OIL,
 FUR HORSES fL HI'MAN FLESH. 1
UN PARALLEL IN THE HISTORY Of
 MEDICINE
 AS THE S! OS T
 Remarkable External Application
 Ever Discovered!
 TIME and experience harp n IK- proved ;nu tins
 UNIVERSAL REMEDY ha, not ,ts equal
 on ll.e list ot popular uifedii mes, havini; been before
 the public for more than fourteen jears. Tc»tireo
 ny of the most &lt;ii-interested character f it* won
 deriui effects on the animal economy is almost cany
 presented to the proprietor. It i" worthy of spe
 cial remark, that beside the groat ami extraordirjsrv
 powers in the cure of
 DISEASES OF THE HORSE,
 in which its virtues first attracted the attention o!
 the Farrier and Fanner, and the wonder ot the
 public generally, it has been successfully employed,
 in a great variety cf the maladies wh rh
 AFFLICT THE HUMAN LACE
 Ignorance of facts and philosophy, nait at tie
 assertion that any one remedy can possess within
 itself the virtue ct curing many diseases. Experi
 ence ot inure tnar. fourteen tears h. nevertheless
 established the f.tct, that .Merchant’s Celebrated
 Gurgling Oil, or Universal f aonly Embrocati.m,
 will cure most «a?e* and relievo sucii as the follow
 ing, among many odieis in tl e cine of which this
 Oil has been completely successful and in w hich oth
 er pretended rcmed.es have completely 'ailed-
 RHEUMATISM. PAINFUL A YRVOUS AF
 lec tions, Bites ot Animals, Frof-t Hites, Corns,
 lioiis, Whitlows, Asthma, bruises, Burns,
 and S'- dels, t ratnps, Strains, sprains,
 Ulcers Imni local causes. Caked
 Breasts, Contractions ot the mu*-
 clesjWounds, &gt;welhngs, 6cc
 Also a host o( diseases
 in Horses and other
 animals .such a t
 SPA VINS.
 Sweetie y,
 RING BONE,
 Windgall, Hull Evil,
 Callous, Orackeri Heels,
 Calls of all kinds,
 Fresh W nunds, Bruises,
 Fistula, Sitfi-t, Shams, Lameness,
 .-.tint t tai’kj, t uui. .c r. I f i el, a,cries
 OR UREASE, MANOR, FARCY, #L\
 Numerous arc the unsolicited statements of pa
 tients themselves,and others who have used the Oil,
 of cures which in themselves appear m remarkable
 that were tin a&gt; all interested in a pecuniary point,
 they could h idly haw been credited.
 I he c-leb [»r. I'.irkei also writes as loliows
 I)t;ar Sir: 1 ii.ivp prefer-ilied vour Garni rig Oil ir.
 various cases ot
 PRACTICAL SURGERY,
 as a liniment, with marked success, and would com
 mend it to physicians generally for external use in
 all contusions, tumors, sprains, white swelluias
 and in all rheumatic affections, whete ex'eroal
 means are necessary. As a disentient, it is Imin
 less where the tebrih symptoms have Wen reduted
 ny general treatment. in Mjcii c;»ses, it i&gt; the most
 etheient remedy w ithin tlie circle of means uow in
 Use.
 1 would ais recommend it to couunuuity at iargo
 as a safe and pouetlul r. me.’y where tlieie is no
 geijcinl fever in all tho ;.b&lt; vu oiseases, 4o be u-ej
 heely, and to counteract inflammation in h rrmaik*
 *bh manner. In I rinsed wounds »t p.etent* swell
 i' g, amt consequent soreness i.. hot weather.
 tium tt.e j eculiai nai ue ol tins Oil, and iha
 unparalleled .-uic.-ss it i.as met with in the h«uu* of
 ih. EARRILR, FARMER and. STAGE PRQ-
 PlilL 'l OR, it is but juMice to say* that of the
 {treat mui.bei ol mednnns which have been offered,
 none have been well ai!«| ted to the prompt cure
 ol Lbs. are# to which florins aie liable; itbasleen
 vety justly ca le.i a t ouiplete I'anacea for tho Horse
 for lnstime, read ihe loilowing:
 TO OW NERS OF HORSES.
 lliis is to certify that I have had for many yeatsUio
 erne ol from one bundled to two honored hoists
 mid lave made use of Merchant’s Gargling Oil l r
 two yeai# past, and cm salely e.iy. that lot all the
 diseases tliat horses arc liable to, 1 never saw its
 equal. 1 use about one bottle pet morn I&gt;, and re
 commend it to tiie public as urn Le-l u.e.a. me t«
 hoist s now m use. L U AllAoK.
 Ad orders addressed to the proprietor wili be
 promptly responde d to.
 Get a pamphlet the A .tent, and see wlmt wor.-
 oeis .no accuinpli-hed ly the use ol this medicine
 hold by respectable cealtis generally in the Uu*
 ted states ami Canada.
 Also by Tost W iu.it, W'sr. Pjtkij»,L. B
 Stvx&gt;, u iflaLOW Vol.no, H. U. A auk,
 Rochester.
 L Gaylord, Henderson l’anderrcn, Cir-vc
 taiid, (j Ding oi Son, Columbus, O.; Guidon
 it isiael, Cincinnati, O.; McClure Co, Albany,
 Hollister &amp;t Co, Buflalo; Gre runan hmith, Uti
 ca; H D Orris Ik Co, Troy, AV. July 13— btn
 British Periodical Literature.
 Tut London Quarterly Reatu, the Edinburgh Rent*
 The North British Renew, the Westminster Renew,
 &lt;md Blackunod’e Edrnhurgh Magazine.
 r I'UE wide-sptead fame ol ll e#e sp er.did pericdi-
 Xcaiarei.dej»initet.ic»s to say au»c. in then piaise
 A* literaly organ*, they stan.i lai in advance ol
 anything ol the sort now pof li.-heu, while (tie polit
 ical couipiexu.il ol each m maiketl by a
 candor, aud toibeaiance, not olten found iu wotks
 ol a party character.
 Tks-y embrace u.e views of lb: tbiet great parties
 in England—Lory, Wmg, and liadnal. iback
 woo&lt;l and the London Urarterly are Tory the
 Edinburgh Review Whig; and tiie Westmin
 ster Kev.ew haemal Tt*e North iir.nm Ha
 view it more of a religious character, having been
 originally edited by Ibr C'baJrueit, and now, since
 Ins death, liemg coruiucteU oy his aou-m-iaa, Ur
 Hanna, associated with Sir David Brewster, Iu
 literary rhuracUr is of tl« very higheat or tier Ihe
 W esluniivter, ii,ou 6 h rept mied un e» tiau Utie ot-y,
 IS pubiist ei iu Lug.anu umiei li&lt; title of 'l tie Foi-
 Sign Quarterly and W t stui n.ter—it t«ing in !*ct a
 un oa ol the two Review# toiiueiiy lepttbi.M*. ami
 lepimted under «epaiate lilies. It lias, therehec,
 tl* advantage by tln« combination of u.iituig in out
 work toe U-st feature* of both a* heretutoie issued.
 1 be above I'ertodicais aie re printed m New V
 immediately on tiieir arrival by the British sitaitext
 in a Uautn.il dear type, oa tee white pa;*r, amt
 me laithiu! copies of the original*,
 Mhfuine, being art exact /&lt;rc -eimiD ot the Edinburgh
 edition.
 rmicte *oa IB4U, (ir scHhCKißCurcx uslt.)
 for any mm ot tin- fovr Renews, a 3 bw per aiusa®.
 For any two do 5 bV
 For any three do 7 &lt;H&gt;
 For all four of the Review S 00
 For Blac k wood's Man 300
 for Blackwood and the 3 Renews, Sf 00
 for Blackwood R the 4 Renews, 10
 Payments to be made rn ail outs in adi ame
 CLUBBING.
 Four copies of any or all the above work# 3
 •ent to one ad.iretaun payment of the regular su»
 script ion fur tnree—Uw- tuorih copy being gran#- i
 EARLY COPIER
 A late arritigewcm with tlje Hnu»h poOiivner* -»i
 B‘«ckw&lt; t&lt;&gt;».» early sheet*
 ti i| wrerS fw a-birfi wt hr able to pßct the
 up. Ur tit the hart ol sulwenbers twtore any
 Isuitem of it ran tie reprinted in any of the American
 h tuna la. F&lt;»e this aivl fdiier advantage* seewrad S
 ot Am* w« pay so targe a cwovwkrwtioatUuM.
 we nvsy be CvinpaUed to taisr thr p*»ce of thr Mags
 I»t»e. Therefore we repeat M mbscrilw early wtnh*
 tie- pries- m tow.
 Hcnattairre. and ruuuuuuM-aUoiw should
 he addrisii il. p wt-«**d or fraahsd, to tte pueisoor**
 LEONARD MO H k Co..
 7V, F uteu i«eet .New
